59) 0) text: Bond has a drink in his hand and Bliss' portable DVD play on his lap, studying the technique of one of the players. He rubs his eyes and glances out of the window as the tra pulls into a station. ON THE PLATFORM a BEAUTIFUL WOMAN in cas Sa strides a purposefully to board the train. His her every move. She disappears and he toadk Seay INT. DINING CAR, TRAVELING -- anda) 102 Bond looks up from his menu toes ‘the beauty from the platform enter the dining ca seating a no-nonsense but well-fitted suit. om OF €o his table. or Every-péenny sof it DVD. Vesper sits, rts look, Bond feigns innocence. She hands over ngs card, the type every bureaucrat has.
59) 2) text: e ©, treasury has agreed to stake you oo Ry the game. Ky € ») BOND N. (examining card) 'Vesper'? I hope you gave your parents hell for that.
59) 3) dialog: (accepts menu from porter) Thank you. (to Bond) Your boss must have some influence. I've never seen so much go out the door so quickly.
59) 8) dialog: Ten million was wired to your account in Montenegro, with a contingency for five million more, if I deem it a prudent investment. (as if "just curious":) I suppose you've given some thought to the notion that if you lose, our government will have directly financed terrorism. (re: menu) What looks good? Bond studies her with a smile, signals vag Gadyer. ei ) INT. DINING CAR, TRAVELING -- NIGHT SNy Co 4d) lanascape Bond 103 As the train rattles through the Acai and Vesper are finishing the meal)
59) 13) text: Sy VESPER ip t would be what you call
59) 18) dialog: And you're good at reading people.
59) 20) dialog: I am now assured our money is in good hands.
59) 25) dialog: So there is a plan? Excellent. Somehow I got the impression we were risking ten million dollars and hundreds of people's lives on a game of luck. What else can you
59) 29) text: VESPER / er» > Which one can “yor S attractive woman with me eos Gs < overcompensates tly masculine Al 4, being more aggressive le colleagues, which gi hef7“a somewhat prickly anor and, ironically, makes s likely to be accepted and
59) 32) dialog: All right. trips off her tongue at light speed:
59) 33) dialog: By the cut of your suit you went to Oxford or wherever and actually think human beings dress like that. But you wear it with such disdain, that my guess is you didn't come (MORE)
59) 37) dialog: from money and all your school chums rubbed that in your face every day, which means you were at that school by the grace of someone else's charity, hence the chip on your shoulder. And since your first thought about me ran to orphan, that's what I'd say you are. {sees a slight reaction) Oo, you are. I like this poker thing. And that makes perfect « sense, since MI6é looks for Q Qe maladjusted young men who'd gi , OD little thought to sacrificin exh in order to protect queen a e country. You know, aed types with easy mee expensive watches-~- (re: his) --Rolex? ee --Omega. - beautify ex having just met you Fue ih't go as far as calling you a Se hearted bastard-- w® Ger BOND o urse not--
59) 41) dialog: Even accountants have imaginations. How was your lamb?
59) 43) dialog: Good evening, Mr. Bond.
61) 3) text: Bond and his porter catch up with Vesper, fe iently rolling her own bags. They head for thepwat ee eg) car. Vesper can't help but notice the nD ed:policemen on patrol. BOND a) Did you have a good ao casio Yes, only vee ote SY eurnea by nightmares o “ical and financial pa It's so x Np as a citizen, to k oY ats, eo are concerned about Se anes
61) 4) dialog: wae agents pay taxes? (a, BOND unfair as that seems. Bere to herself.
61) 9) dialog: Picturing you filling out your tax form. Can one deduct for bullets and poison darts?
62) 2) dialog: Do you usually leave i “porters to tell you this sort on bed ig? or .
62) 19) dialog: However we are trying to keep up appearances because of my strict Roman Catholic family, so it will be a two bedroom suite.
62) 24) dialog: Religion and a securely locked door. Am I going to have a problem with you, Bond?
62) 26) dialog: Smart?
63) 8) dialog: You must crack yourself up, Stupid schoolboy prank, was that meant to impress me or something? re" 108 109 110
63) 12) dialog: But he doesn't play his shea , he om 8 plays the man across f, And now he knows so you. He knows you (elevator do ~ Take the next o te ere isn't room enough Ee d your ego.
64) 0) text: Bond and Vesper breeze along in the Aston. 108 109 110 ne!
65) 8) dialog: Mr. Bond believes that covers are archaic.
65) 22) dialog: Thank you. Standing beside James, Vesper has also noticed the phalan of approaching cops but is determined not to panic.
65) 29) dialog: You'll excuse me. Le
65) 30) text: 2 Vesper takes her drink and w wGrsro the edge of the terrace to take in the wo. sy” For someone showers at the Treasury, the itl has nerve; didn't flinch at ‘t#ttle show.
66) 0) text: Vesper drops onto the seat in her spacious bathroom. She dumps her makeup onto the counter, looks at herself in th mirror and considers the job at hand. As she opens her first bottle there is a rap at the door. © “
66) 5) text: I need u looking fabulous, so th whet}¥you walk up behind me oH me on the neck, the players from me will be thinking (ge your neckline and not about t phir cards. Do you think you can c& aN f N andle that? RQ yy VESPER SY I'll do my best.
66) 15) dialog: I've seen it. There are tuxedos, dear and there are tuxedos. This is the latter. And I need you looking like a man who belongs at that table. BOND © (how?) -It's tailored. RQ VESPER Py ~ Oh, I sized you up the frome Ga met. ew ) She still hasn't looked at nin Buy) Bond likes the answer He considers, takes it and on he smiles at her image in the mirror and goes mete we
68) 38) dialog: Was I? My mistake. Good luck, darling She moves off. Le Chiffre impatiently ae oe cards. After a moment:
68) 48) text: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 57. CONTINUED: (3) lal Vesper and Mathis watch Bond carefully. Everyone is mesmerized. Bond pushes in two hundred thousand.
68) 67) dialog: I thought we dispensed with covers.
68) 74) dialog: This is me in character pissed because you are losing so fast we won't be here past midnight. Oddly my character's feelings mirror my own.
68) 86) text: Mathis slips a small silver disk into Bond's hand. Bond puts his drink on the bar and returns to the table. Mathi watches him go. Not wanting to be seen doing the same, Vesper purposely turns her back so that she is facing the bar.
68) 95) text: Mathis exits. Jamés aye arm around Vesper's waist and watches discretely tHer shoulder. In the background Le Chiffre Leavegxx st and heads for the exit.
68) 96) dialog: 2
68) 100) dialog: Now you've lost me completely.
71) 0) text: ok Sion James and Vesper enter oy street, playing up their "honeymooners" role, Tt ound each other. While walking, Bond flips out oe . They stop at the CONCIERGE
73) 6) text: indicating L hit ‘e -- both on a 3D grid. As they rise he can get idea where they are in relation to each other. sath s his finger into the 4th floor button. Vesper hi dm his silenced Walther. ¢ eo 130 the elevator, moves off in the direction the finder Aiim, then realizes what he's hearing over his
75) 18) dialog: runs on down.
75) 25) dialog: slams herself into the chained emergency door over and over again, in a blind, unthinking panic. Suddenly
78) 0) text: It's hours later, Bond lets himself in, undoing his tie t reveal a very creased shirt. In the shadowed bedroom he sees Vesper's gown on the floor, an empty wine bottle on the table, hears her shower running. Tired and jaded, he doesn't think too much of it, pulls off his shirt -- yes, he has been sweating.
78) 5) dialog: (looks at him a moi You're all wet. é~. BOND en) Shhh. Ards
78) 9) text: xX we BOND (pert x? ok on BK VESPER LOSSY. (leoks at them) ww) Thanks. +.-You cold?
79) 0) text: Bond steps up to Vesper's bedroom door, sees her sleeping naked under her sheets, the rest of the bed pristine -- she slept alone. Bond checks his vibrating phone for a text message, closes Vesper's bedroom door and exits. Sn
82) 2) text: watch from the rail. MATHIS a Look. It's the tell. He's OO, bluffing. My God, James was Re A) Bond looks to Vesper, who tries to oni? ES k at him. His
82) 6) text: still pres y nis cheek. The five re is) face-up are A-J-J-K-K. os es at them. Knocks the table. on VESPER
83) 0) text: Bond steps out onto the terrace, looks out over the moonl hills. His world in disarray. How could he have been so wrong? He had Le Chiffre all worked out. Vesper and Mathis watch from inside, almost embarrassed t be watching him, neither knowing what to say.
83) 6) dialog: I can't authorize that, James. It hangs there. He is still, controlling oO
83) 9) dialog: 
83) 11) text: f C SY (stops tee dh acing "Sorry?" Use tha “in a sentence. "Sorry Le Chaé is going to win and go ftindi terror and killing people in Ss and supermarkets?" fdren are going to die as the alk past stray shopping ba % or rked cars?" That kind Bepy? @ Sd VESPER ek winning is not going to stop Eo Ny terortat bombings. If you think
83) 16) dialog: You lost because of that ego, and that same ego can't take it. That's what is talking here. That's what this is about. All you are going to do now is lose more.
83) 24) dialog: I'm sorry??
83) 26) dialog: My father was a gambler. Had that same winning look in his eye. Right up to the day he shot my mother and put a gun in his own mouth. Get your hand off my ams He lets go. She turns and walks out of 1 Giro. oy ae 145 INT. BAR, CASINO ROYALE -- NIGHT @yY 145 Bond enters the bar, frustrated and(Qijocoupiea, fe 2 BOND on Vodka martini. 0S ae
85) 5) text: MOMENTS LATER: x 149 At the tab: ond takes a sip of his drink, confidence growing. Hiks\c eyes flick to Vesper, watching, wondering how he g into the game. A hand is dealt, played. Bond c a cards, closes his eyes -- just a blink. oa be Sa of)! 150
92) 14) text: “ee His eyes flutter open again... and like a dream, VESPER i over him. He looks up at her. For a moment she hesitates...then bends down and finds the lead, attaches it and fires the defibrillator. A huge jolt of power goes through Bond and he spasms. Bond exhales. A dying rasp, a breath of life. Vesper is shaking. Stunned that she just & d. his life, she slumps down beside him. £ “y . “ec Bond recovering now, breathing steady. (iy inally pulls the syringe out of his neck. So
92) 19) dialog: You're not seriously going back vee there.
94) 5) dialog: 
94) 8) text: s all in with $9om. Fukutu looks again at his car everything he has left. Nine Everyone matches his bet ol) a MATHIS & VESPER L fm Sy < Gre (CONT'D) k ‘fish, possible full house, Sixty million in the hand is getting out of
94) 44) dialog: Congratulations. See!
94) 46) dialog: You were almost dead an hour ago.
94) 48) text: 166 INT. /EXT. THE HERMITAGE NIGHTCLUB, HOTEL SP. ye oo 1 NIGHT i WE FOLLOW TWO OF BOND'S SPECIAL ae me a Q) arrive at his patio table, looking out NG som iagse. ok aster and caviar in imtthe corner of the is lit by candles. ables. It's romantic. It's four in the morning. They h front of them. A band is playin, club. The lights are low. T A few couples are dotted abo Vesper takes a TEXT on “ae, she reads it, then: ee Mathis mericans have Saree made cont Gals Le Chiffre. He! ng Ke in his suite; they're going Nae extract him at midnight.
94) 51) text: Se ye xX BOND ws fabw I think I'll call this eG esper. ZL sy! VESPER A A cause of the bitter aftertaste? N y, BOND Because after you've tasted it...it's all you want to drink. She laughs at him and his charming, corny line.
94) 53) dialog: It was a very good line.
94) 60) dialog: Really? I thought it was just something pretty. BOND Oy No, you didn't. It was give oy you. (sees her admit an Well, he's a lucky man Oo” Vesper exhales, almost a ee reipowes by an ironic smile. A moment,
94) 65) dialog: I don't believe you. es, admits nothing.
94) 66) dialog: You have a choice, you know. Just because you've done something, doesn't mean you have to keep doing it.
94) 68) dialog: You think I can't take my own advice?
94) 72) dialog: Mathis needs me. Well, good night. Congratulations. I'm sure I'll see you in the morning before I leave.
94) 81) text: Bond just catches sight of Vesper in the back before a hand pushes her down. He runs to the Aston Martin, ROARS after it.
94) 85) dialog: lying in the middle of the road, directly in his path! She props up on her elbow, sees the car about to make impact !
96) 2) dialog: being dragged by Valenka and another thug Zeon at the far end of the basement. The door vag ig) them.
97) 13) dialog: ft the doctor. As wae with its blurry shapes...
97) 14) text: bes JAMES yy Don't trust him. The fhapes take focus -- it's Vesper hurrying out of the recovery room. Suddenly MATHIS appears right beside him.
98) 22) text: Bond wakes in a Sees lounge chair. His stubble has turned into quite a megan 22 beard. Vesper sits beside him, more Bie pan ever.
98) 25) dialog: See, you have me there. A moment, now admits.
98) 29) dialog: The truth is...you can have me rd anywhere.
98) 31) dialog: Yes. Here. There. Anywhere you,< like. (ex e CZ BOND < Sy he Would you say you are warmi t me? gS & S ae VESPER ew Yes, that's how I woul, “dgscribe it. MSS” ma WS BON) (7 yy” Because not Ege ng ago I would have we ckeeee\ One feelings toward me as.. Aet(\me nd a better word than loathing: Aes
98) 32) dialog: . Nem a complicated woman.
98) 35) dialog: Ase where would you like me?
98) 37) dialog: ..-How does it feel?
98) 41) dialog: Mr. Mendel. How are things in soe Switzerland? Mendel doesn't crack a smile. He opens his briefcase, under:
98) 51) dialog: route, darling, if I knew what SS @ was. xe DS
98) 55) dialog: ‘oxen? You know, James... 174 175
98) 59) dialog: Shhh. I just want you to know, that if all that was left of you was your smile and your little finger, you would still be more of aman than anyone I've ever met.
98) 61) dialog: I have no idea! ACY & € 2 BOND e But you are aching te.
98) 68) dialog: Shhhh.
99) 6) text: the foreground an unused falls and knocks over another tray, resulting . her burst of Vesper's laughter, which quick ERERS to gasps of consuming
100) 1) text: of the holds ying Vesper. Both are naked, and damn if James' arms’ ‘t just in the wrong places, so all we get al oS is teased? )
101) 0) text: vesper surfaces and throws back her hair. James comes up beneath and behind her and wraps his hands around her wai
101) 3) dialog: So, tell me Mié is going to give you a well deserved vacation, and we can float around the world. As if considering it for the first time:
101) 5) dialog: Yes, it's you.
101) 7) dialog: Secluded bay, cleayX woman, very Oe ag <7) (looks axound, fete} lake? gi it) ee Huh. oe 3 os SS He swims for the ea
101) 16) dialog: ..-Mathis?
101) 18) dialog: ...I can't believe it. st” “seme 178 179
101) 22) dialog: Does everyone have a tell?
101) 24) text: (thrown) You love me? « us has ~ it wilt to be you, I don't think now what an honest job is y We But Vesper 4 longer playing the game. face tow y and looks into his eyes.
101) 26) text: ‘ VESPER ou're serious.
101) 29) dialog: ... Yeah, She kisses him deeply.
102) 0) text: Vesper steers their small yacht toward the
103) 0) text: Their yacht motors down the narrow canal. Vesper looks up at a passing building, a subsiding palazzo held in place by floats and an undignified girdle of scaffélding. Something about the image is disquieting. & eG OD avo A tourist in a Panama hat stands near he ilsnapping photos, pointing his camera in their (vex on. When he lowers his camera she sees that his gbasses have one darkened lens. Vesper studies hi ov\ja moment, then he lifts the camera again and point” just over her head.
103) 3) text: Vesper turns and follows his ae ees a fabulously bedecked wedding party ste ffom the church steps into their waiting gondolas. eter solved. James catches her loo! Bag et the wedding party and smile Vesper blushes ans{ge Ss Ee k to paddling. INT. FABULOUS 3! vine VENETIAN HOTEL -- MORNING 181 They are nak aga) and Vesper surfaces from the sheets and covers; fhayfully fighting Bond off. (es VESPER i to) enough. Stop. I can barely AY S 1k as it is. If you hadn't La he ‘noticed, it has been quite a while “¢ )) for me.
103) 6) dialog: Where's the camera? I need a picture of that face. Which makes James even more defensive, which she finds endlessly charming, seeing this small flaw in this otherw 181
103) 10) dialog: (laughing harder) Oh, that's so much better. She snaps a photo.
103) 18) dialog: Had, You gave it up £67 remember? Q RY” (he grabs her, escapes) o Ah! No, no, I hee YY get to the bank. What ti BAL? (finds wat They'11 feel By pening. How much do you fi swe need to float for
103) 20) text: a momtheoo e ‘% JAMES 5 ave, plenty. St VESPER
103) 24) dialog: Ah. Yeah. It was time.
103) 26) dialog: To realize... (a smile) ..that sometimes you can run away from the past.
103) 29) dialog: Though apparently not your employer. (typing reply:) "Back in one month." (drops it on the table) Come on. Walk me down. I'11 get money, you get supplies.
104) 0) text: oF Bond and Vesper step out of the crevaor (eri 3 arm. As they walk toward the front door someth} gat Kiés her eye. Bond follows her second glance, notic cD
105) 6) text: James enters and walks to ches sw, hoping to catch a glimpse of Vesper in the bi Rigeza. No trace of her, but Gettler, the man wit ee mama hat, and his tall friend weave through the crew James turns away from the room. He notices Vesper's window and looks around cell phone on the ake. or some reason this strikes him as odd -- she's nevi it behind before. His handheld rings and he a wee : vebin YY JAMES Ss (P we M (0.8.) 3 aN that's better; it sounded as ) 4£ you were in a lift. Eo Sy? “ , ») JAMES SY That is odd.
105) 11) text: He picks up Vesper's phone, looking at it with curiosity.
106) 0) text: Assaulted by the noise and swirl of the crowd, his blood boiling, Bond careens through the crowds as he approaches Saint Marcos Square. He finds the BANK, looks inside -- no sign of Vesper. He steps back into the square, searchi for a trace of her in the crowds. He spots & flash of her dress and an aluminum briefcase disappearing Into an alle He takes off running. Follows her into. “) or \e7
106) 5) text: James stops; iO Sounds ech ak grouna him, water lapping, children's voice bouncing ote s. Then the distinctive click of Vesper's shoes on @ofe/ Bond slides his Walther from its holster and ea: eR. vO the pitch black corridor between buildings Hey or’ the silencer as he nears the mouth, and sees: yESY
106) 15) text: Bond under automatic weapon itis pa ray. Loses his an. CoS James dives for cover. Gettler grabs fen Rojee drags her Ny t silenced Walther in canal; kilis Bond heads off after Vesper ang Seepier
106) 22) dialog: James... James slams the accordion elevator door shut.
107) 7) text: .s ~ James races to the next fl Non) dives across the divide. Vesper sees Bond working h wi around to the open cage door. She uses all her ' ath to fling herself across the cage and grab fe . She slams it shut just before 2 x Bond reaches it and di ive the hook home to lock it.
107) 10) text: Bond looks at kez the fuck is she doing? She forces something into nik hand -- the necklace. Sp Ne ¥ wees VESPER Hw see him-- ep I Bond vaqitfek the accordion door, it won't open. oN Bs, .
107) 15) dialog: If you see him...tell him I'm sorry. But I fell in love.