0) 22) dialog: Can't Sée nothin". Duh Duh Duh tosses the pants and returns to the Jeep, He and Nino drive off, i3 ON PaNTS ig floating south, down the dark currents of the Harlem River. 139A aT: HARLEM - WHITE LETPERING ON HUGE OUTDOOR 19a #
0) 50) dialog: ¥o, you know the miles. Us brothers don't get high.
0) 61) dialog: So you really think this base is the new, high-powered shit, huh? 27 25 ii cONTD 27
0) 72) text: Gee Money and Duh Duh Duh pull up in the Jeep. SEE and hear them laughing it up. Gee Money jumps ovt of the car and grabs Keisha play- fully, The white boys mn to their Volvo and speed off.
0) 113) text: Gee Money's white Jeep pulls up to the corner. Keisha and Duh Duh Duh accompany Gee Money outside, ANGLE a6 In front of the red Jeep, a fat but somewhat muscular man in his late 40's, SINCLAIR SMITH, aka FAT SMITTY, dressed in work coveralls, slaps around TWO YOUNG ~ SALESMEN, Cursing them out in a thick Carihhean eccent,
0) 332) text: SEE all the Cash Money Brothers assembled for a toast; Gee Money, Duh Duh Duh, Keisha, and Kareem. All are dressed stylishly -- looking like they were torn right out of the pages of G.Q. and Vogue -- and are here 126 127 45 CcONTD 136 celebrating their huge success in the underworld. Selina has her tarot cards spread out on the table. Wino looks over her shoulder as she turns over the last card; he waits.
0) 553) text: hidden in the shadows, eyes ablaze with hate, as Septty races by, followed by another cop. Suddenly Duh Duh Duh's huge hands strike like lightning, snatching in the cop like a rag doll, He snaps his neck like a chicken and leaves him slumped tc the ground, lifeless.
0) 557) text: 214A conTo 2147 MORRIG (contd) (sweating bullets) If you had touched Pookie, we'd be over, Duh Duh Duh hides as Bricks, Parks and another cop pile into room, scorry (nervous) We found it. Forty seconds to go. (to Morrio) Okay, man, do it.
0) 630) dialog: look on, a bit embarrassed --
0) 698) text: As the ola man's gun jams, Scotty rungs up behind old man and pushes him te the ground -- Duh Duh Duh, Kareem, Keisha and Gee Money draw automatic pistols from their pants and train them on the old man, More screams and people scatter in eyery direction.
0) 761) dialog: (weaklyj They said .,, Don Armeteo wanted to say ... hello ...