0) 239) dialog: (nervously looks around the table} i’m honered, Really, fon the silence) We understand that you have a new Peruvian connection.
0) 243) dialog: My point is you guys fuckin' moved three milliom dollars in cocaine every three nionths with our help, We never shook you down for the clubs, nothin'. And now you out us ont of our agreed upon ten pereent? Well, we have t5 renegotiate,
0) 272) text: A wiry and Handsome gentleman in his 60s -- sits ata table flipping through a Sports Illustrated, looking at some pictures of Michael] Jordan. Frankie sits down and joins him.
0) 275) dialog: (interrupting) Our snitch was right. Wino and his Cash Money Monkeys are dealin” with those spicaroos up on Broadway and 17?ist. And he doesn't even deny at. Wor does he accept our partnership anymore. Gee Money was cool. But it was that fuckin‘ hard headed Nino.
0) 349) text: Frankie Needles and two man-movntains in Armani suits are sitting at a table next to Nino and Co,, eyeing them intently, There is a small, gift-wrapped statue on their table,
0) 350) dialog: Nino, hey Nino, my ace-boon-qoon -- C'mere for 4 minute. You too rich to say hella-to an ald friend, now? C'mere. Gae Money greets Frankie, but Nino shows disdain and impatience for Frankie Needles, but he forces himself to be cordial.
0) 352) dialog: Just great. Look, Nino, the Den and I were thinking, let's let bygones be bygones, We congratulate you on your new success, and as a show of good faith, here's a gift from the Don. (bear) Open it -- 128 129 Nino gives a curious look to the package, as the brothers gather around him, bracing for action -~ ANOTHER ANGLE i30 Nino picks up the package, unwraps it, and stares at -- a porcelain lawn jockey -- noose around its neck -~ in big, white lips and black face -- Frankie Needles and his boys aré snickering. Nino is in shock for a moment --
0) 353) dialog: To the head niggér in charge -- All the best, babe -- 130 431 CconTtTD 130 -- and then Wino cracks mp with laughter, hefore smashing the figurine against Frankie's head. He goes down with a yelp, screaming and bleeding. As TWO HENCHMEN jump to their Feet ... -
0) 608) dialog: tgrins) Well, let's make a fuckin’ deal,, Monte.
0) 610) dialog: (playfully cuffing Mortrio) Us Ttaldan boys got to stick together or the spics 'n' the moulys here will be runnin’ everything.
0) 613) dialog: lentting him off} Hey, Listen, I was outa line too «ss But you and me, we always had an understandin', Besides, I needed a haircut, (indicating Morrio} Now my cousin and his friend here are hungry, and Tf got a feeling they could give you a sweeter deal than any Peruvian; enough to mayne throw in a little finder's fee for Frankze, huh?
0) 619) dialog: {cold) No other way. (to. Morric) You choose fire or ica?