0) 64) text: A gorgeons, coffge—colored young woman stands near Volvo in the doorway of a run-down tenement, This is KEISHA LEWIS, 20, & member of Nino's crew. She is sinewy, built like a swimmer, She argues with TWO YOUNG WHITH ROYS in an expensive Volvo, with Connecticut plates. She is holding one of them by the face, The white boys are terrified.
0) 66) dialog: YO pale muthafucka, don't play with me, ‘cause I ain't your moms; Bitch askin me some shit, Like, “Am I selling pussy and cocaine?" WHITE BOY f1 Right, Just get your fuckin' hands off me. Keisha pulis up her shirt and removes a wine-millimeter from the waist of her jeans. Wear white boys yell Like giris.
0) 67) dialog: Shut. the fuck up and get out the car, Both of you! Mow! White boys get out of the Volvo, whimpering, shaking. They are in their early twenties and dressed like Tvy League preppies. Keisha trains the gun on them. SEE she is enjoying this. KEISHA (contd) Is that what you think of all black women? Nigger bitches? 28 29 12 CONTD ae.
0) 69) dialog: Did you know that black women rule the world? Did you know that 1 come from a line of royalty; like the Queen of Sheba, and Nefertiti? Bid you dumb, racist asses know that?
0) 72) text: Gee Money and Duh Duh Duh pull up in the Jeep. SEE and hear them laughing it up. Gee Money jumps ovt of the car and grabs Keisha play- fully, The white boys mn to their Volvo and speed off.
0) 100) dialog: ‘smiles) Rock~-abye baby.
0) 109) dialog: (puzzled) What, saap?
0) 113) text: Gee Money's white Jeep pulls up to the corner. Keisha and Duh Duh Duh accompany Gee Money outside, ANGLE a6 In front of the red Jeep, a fat but somewhat muscular man in his late 40's, SINCLAIR SMITH, aka FAT SMITTY, dressed in work coveralls, slaps around TWO YOUNG ~ SALESMEN, Cursing them out in a thick Carihhean eccent,
0) 120) text: SEE Keisha open the door af the Jeep, and jump our. Before the bewildered wildman has a chance to react, aga
0) 332) text: SEE all the Cash Money Brothers assembled for a toast; Gee Money, Duh Duh Duh, Keisha, and Kareem. All are dressed stylishly -- looking like they were torn right out of the pages of G.Q. and Vogue -- and are here 126 127 45 CcONTD 136 celebrating their huge success in the underworld. Selina has her tarot cards spread out on the table. Wino looks over her shoulder as she turns over the last card; he waits.
0) 356) dialog: You better step off, Gigantor. BIG GOON Rl Why you little black bitch ... Keisha reaches into the jacket of her skirt snit -- about to pull out her pistol -- but Duh Duh Doh pulls her away. He goes into action, punching Big Goon #1 in the windpipe and roundhouse kicks him in the nuts ... Big Goon #1 goes down, yelling in falsetto -- The other big white goon jumps in, but Duh Duh Duh fore- arms hin in the nose -- down goes this goon. Duh Duh Duh confiscates the guns of Needles and his hanchmen, BOUNCERS come running. Nino grabs his cane, cuts off Frankie Weedles' ponytail, and thraws it in his face,
0) 682) text: moving up the sidewalk. uh Duh Duh and Gee Money pnsh through, followed by Keisha and Kareem, who are acknow- ledging and goofing with the onlookers.
0) 685) dialog: (for others) Haunt yourself, old man.
0) 698) text: As the ola man's gun jams, Scotty rungs up behind old man and pushes him te the ground -- Duh Duh Duh, Kareem, Keisha and Gee Money draw automatic pistols from their pants and train them on the old man, More screams and people scatter in eyery direction.
0) 757) text: Scramble to get back inside their cars and hightail it out of the biock. ANGLE -— KEISHA 271 breaks Rambo-style -- an Uzi im one hand, an AK-47 in the other, She runs into the street firing at the Ttalians, savagely taking down two more.
0) 758) text: takes careful aim, and cuts Keisha down in the middle of the street, Blood pours all over her body, as she falls limp in the street,