0) 19) dialog: {(caxving) Don't start bitchin' up now, Heywood, I told you not to be smokin' that zootie.
0) 21) dialog: Brothers don't wait to get paia. Money talks and bullshit runs the marathon, Nino neds. Dph Duh Duh grabs hig pant legs. The pants slides off. Screaming man falls through the dark night. SPLISH, Silence, Ning walks back to the Jeep. No remorse, it's just a job. Duh Duh Duh looks over the edge.
0) 46) dialog: Man, you ‘member when we played for Reverend Qates on the moaB “Biddy” squad.
0) 49) dialog: Pree base. So what?
0) 52) dialog: My brother, my brother. You heen makin' money outside the family? Gee Money is hutt and offended. As he tries to play it oft.
0) 56) dialog: Wheat? 10 25 conTD 28
0) 64) text: A gorgeons, coffge—colored young woman stands near Volvo in the doorway of a run-down tenement, This is KEISHA LEWIS, 20, & member of Nino's crew. She is sinewy, built like a swimmer, She argues with TWO YOUNG WHITH ROYS in an expensive Volvo, with Connecticut plates. She is holding one of them by the face, The white boys are terrified.
0) 78) dialog: {condescending) You must like slumming, Kareem, What would make a high-class guy like you leave a good computer programming job at Citibank, come uptown and work among a den of thiaves? laughter from the crew.
0) 82) dialog: Good -- Because you gotta Tob to get rich in the Reagan-Bush era, They running a strange program, yrall.
0) 84) dialog: «ee This is an administration that Creates an aconomic situation -- more poor and disenfranchised people than this country has ever known -- and then pretends it doesn’t exist.
0) 87) dialog: But since Gee Money told me six months ago that the cocaine glut in our clubs couid be used to an advantage, Reaganomics hes given us a hell of an opportunity. A lst of people have given up on hope, And that's gonna make us rich, SEE Nino remove a vial, of base from his pocket, and Place it im the middle of the table, NINO (contd) In times like this, people wanna got high. Real high. And real ast. Gee Money picks up and scrutinizes it.
0) 93) dialog: It's abourt combination and consolidatin’, that's whaddup,
0) 95) dialog: The Carter apartments ... Everyone reacts. NINO {contd) fhat’s right, we're gonna take over a whole apartment complex. We'll set up 2 lab to make the product, Kareem can hook up a computer system to keep track of money, product and workers. We'll have a sacurity foree to scresn customers, ward off rival crews, and lockouts to alert us of police. One place to sell our preduct, one place to collect our money. Wetll own this fuckin' city. TkKe brothers look at each other; it dawns on them thet this is a brilliant, ground-breaking plan ... 32 conrtD 16” 32 NINO (contd) This city will bevome New Jack city.
0) 98) dialog: (calm) i've got a plan for that, too, (grin) i call it the December 7th, “December 7th Plan" in full effect.
0) 102) dialog: vx» Let's buy a little coopération, a little loyalty and respect,
0) 104) dialog: I was thinking we could build a community center for the Moab Church. A place where kids could play bail, get tutered, etc.
0) 106) dialog: last, but not least, we need a name for the product, Some shit that People will recognize immediately.
0) 111) dialog: Damm. Crack. 334 9 OMITTED 33a * theo thro i3F 3a
0) 126) dialog: i asked you to join me here because one day; Reverend, you're going to haya a church just like this or better, No more second-rate anything, Phe Reverend just stares, Nino {contd} You know something? Nine dumps 4 plastic bag of neatly bundled $106 bills = out. The Reverénd is pleased. Nino smells the bundles of bills, NINO icontd) I love the smell] of money; old money, new money, Just as long as it's real money. 46 ao
0) 130) dialog: Well, this is only my first charitable donation == $400,000 += to the community; between me and you on the "Q.'.," of course,
0) 132) dialog: Set, Nino looks into plastic bag, and takes out one more hurdl of money, and throws it on table -- in Reverend's lap. NING (contd) Psyche. You thought © forgot about your daughter Mary's wedding. Here’s $50,000. ewerend Ostes is plenassd.
0) 134) dialog: She's gatting a good man in that kid, Phil Mekie. Hel=s (MORE)
0) 188) text: Pookie, walking with a Rataze Rizzo limp, pushes and shov People out of the way who are waiting to get a turkey; he "bogarts" his way to the front, facing Nino and his crew.
0) 191) dialog: Leok at you; just lcok at your funky blass ass, First you wanna be a stick-up kid, but you got = shot. Now youse a basehead, ¥ou all fucked up, Pookie.
0) 193) dialog: Here, man. Knock yourself out. If you clean yourself up, I might give you a jobs
0) 235) text: At a table are Nino, BDth Buh Duh, Gee Money, and the rest of the Cash Money Srothers, 67
0) 238) dialog: (on phone) Fuck that fat-ass Frazier, What do you mean he won't give up those apartments. 2'11 take tare of his big ass. Nino hangs up phone as FRANK "PRANKTE NEEDLES" LAPONZINA; ist lieutenant of the Armeteo crime family, is led into the room by Gee Money, NING (contd) We're honored,
0) 242) dialog: Get to the point,
0) 245) dialog: Well, message boy, you go back and tell Don Amneteo. that renégo- tiating is out. ‘The Cash Money Brothers are a self-contained unit now. But £F tell you what: you come back and see me next week, and I'll order up some ~- (look at crew) ~- Collard green linguini, You'll love it, Nino and crew ekack up. Needles labghs uneasily, gets QP. Nano and Ttalian shake hands, Needles leaves.
0) 247) dialog: (interrupting) Later for them scungili-eating Metherfuckas. They'll either roll with if ... or it'll roll tight over them, DISSOLVE Ta: EXT; HARLEM SUPERMARKET ~ DAY 6o A crowd of hysterical PEOPLE -- mostly young and middle~ aged femaie shoppers with kids and pushcarts full of groceries -- gather around Pookie, whe looks comical in a tattered shirt and tis, singing his own words to the ‘operatic varsion" of “sanford and son,"
0) 280) dialog: Wow you*re gonna give up those apartments and turn over control of the Carter to the brothers, right, Frazier?
0) 334) dialog: {grinning ]) Of course}! {kissing Sclina) You're my qood luck cham ,.. We got it all, tiy brothers, The drugs, the gambling, the car service. ‘This is the fruit of hard work, the belief in the enterpreneurial spirit, the new American dream.
0) 336) dialog: {raising a glass) A toast; to my brothers, in life te my brothers, until death, HAPPY NEW YEAR! Everyone taises their glasses. Hear them intone --
0) 338) text: Nino puts his arm around Ges Money, and walks him over to a corner of the room. This is a private conference between the two.
0) 339) dialog: (smiling) My brother, my brother, you are a big reason for this suceess, but this ain't about success. This is abeut survival. We can't go out like Puss Head and Blackie lying shot in the hallway over a ten-dollar bag. We had to be smarter and we had to look gut for each other. 127 128 46
0) 342) dialog: Nothing or no one will ever come between us. Never, my brother, They smile and hug each other; pats on the back. NINO (contd) ist's go out there and get louse, Money.
0) 344) dialog: Yo, is that the skeeser you met at Frankie's strip joint?
0) 346) dialog: You fuckin' her correctly, or what? I know I'd be like ..5 Yo! Nino gives a vigorous pelyic thrust, to an imaginasy Partner; SEE Gee Money doesn't like what he's hearing,
0) 349) text: Frankie Needles and two man-movntains in Armani suits are sitting at a table next to Nino and Co,, eyeing them intently, There is a small, gift-wrapped statue on their table,
0) 355) dialog: I just did, Keisha stepa hetween them,
0) 362) text: Re the lights go on, SEH Nino, Gee Money, Selina, and Uniqua sitting on a beautifully expensive leather sectional sofa, drinking Cristal champagne from crystal glasses, and eating French bread and cheese. Nino ig feeling the champagne, and so is Uniqua, They make it a point to touch each other as they talk, Gee Money is pleasant, but SEE he is wary of the thing happening between Nino and Uniqua. Selina is stewing, but being very discreet about it,
0) 363) dialog: The world is mine.
0) 366) dialog: (pleased) Gee Money, I like this girl of yours.
0) 371) text: Nino dossn't even hear Gee Money; ne‘s high and somewhat rowdy, now, He takes his champagne glass and throws it against the wall -- =
0) 382) dialog: Well, she can't,
0) 392) dialog: Okay, yeah, You gave me a couple books to read and you did help me build the Brothers. (angry again) But look, I was your ticket from a life of horedom, TI was your shotider to ery on, when your rich doctor daddy wag too busy making his rounds at Harlem Hospital, when your mother Was too busy shoplifting at Blooming- dale's. Don't start throwin’ shit in my face, 'cause I'm a boomerang, ytunderstand? Nino starms out of the room, leaving Salina racking with sobs on the bed. CAMERA FOLLOWS him to the screening room, where he watches Uniqua -- clad in skimpy, red undies, now == undress and stroke Gee Money, whose eves are closed, She never takes her eyes off of Nino; in fact, she is undressing him with her eyes.
0) 581) dialog: Yeah?
0) 583) dialog: (angry) What?!
0) 594) dialog: Gee Money, you fucked up big-time. You're incapable of running things, Nino whacks Gee Money across the back of his neck. Gee Money yelps, and jumps to his feet, defensively. Nino looks at him like he's crazy, as does everyone else in the room. NINO (contd) Sit your five-dollar ass down before T make change.
0) 596) dialog: Instead of what? ...
0) 598) dialog: i neyer did like you, pretty muthafucka! Duh Duh Duh calms Nines down, saving Kartoem's life, WINO (conta) You know, Money, you slippin', You lattin' some petty shit iLike who I'm fuckin! affect you, Nine iocks long an@ hard at Gee Honey; Gee Money wants ta Stare hin hack, but drops His eyes -—
0) 628) text: Cheering Nino on, Nino frowns at them,
0) 641) dialog: T don's know who you really are, bre’, that's what up, I know you're Supposed to be this new contact, but T don't trust you. §0 get the fuck outta here, Scotty tries ta calmly protest, but Nino snaps his finger and all the brothers -~ even Nino and Gee Monéy -- train their guns on Scotty ——
0) 661) text: Relieved, Scotty laughs through his gaq,. Reluctantly, so do the others. Nino pulls gag off of Scotty's mouth.
0) 663) dialog: (tickled) You might be right. But I'm always careful, Now, let's do business. Nino wnties Scotty, shakes his head.
0) 671) dialog: Surrounded by adoring young fans, he thrives on the attention, signs autographs. Hands out gift-wrapped presents.
0) 687) text: 43 CONTD 24a7 Kareem takes hold of the old man's arm. Remarkably agile for his age, old man punches Karsem in the mouth. Screams shouts, wooos, Kareem falls to the concrate. Several people take hold of the old man who keeps screami at Nino -—
0) 692) dialog: Lock at you. In a yaar or two, they'll be marking your tombstone. But I'll be around, Old man slowly stands, gathers himself.
0) 695) dialog: What you gonna give them? Some of the same empty yang you riffin' to me? Youse an old fool. Nino tums and starts to walk away -« Duh Dah Doh blocks the old man’s path -~
0) 709) dialog: Yeah.
0) 711) dialog: Well-well-well-un-um-um, Can't trust nobody, huh?
0) 715) text: 261ce coNnTD 251c Nino gets up and walks up to the rim of the raof; Looks over and down -- : RINO’S POV =~ HUMAN ANTS, TOY CARS, TINY BLINKING LIGHTS the view of a giant -~ Nino takes a swig; he’s startin’ to get nice -— fingers a beautiful leather African pendant around his neck +=
0) 716) dialog: No education, no job, no hope, just Say no? What the fuck could I have said yes te? I'm the embodiment of free enterprise. The American dream come true,
0) 718) dialog: Society denied me the chance to get in on the bottom, so I came in at the top my own way. I'm a business- man just like the Capones, the Vescos, the heads of state. We make our own heaven and hell right here on earth, (pause) I was born in hell.
0) 720) dialog: I feel like a fuckin" giant; © feel Z could just squish them ants, like it ain't nothin! -- I feel there would be no retribution at all -= I'm invincible, (beat) You ever feel like that? Tike you could do shit, and get away with it?
0) 722) dialog: Come on, Dokes; you never did something so fucked-up that you got away with it, and you never told nobody -~
0) 724) dialog: Se? What is that suppased to mean?
0) 726) dialog: That's deep,
0) 728) dialog: When TI was sixteen, I was in tais ‘ crew called the L.A, Boys. One day -- Nino’s voice is faltering -- Scotty is almost holding his breath. NINO (contd) They said I had ta prove my loyalty * by Killing semebody., i said, "An enemy, or what?” He said, "No, that's too easy, [t's gotta he an ordinary person." So I. went down to Llp3rd Street, got a bag of Red Devil Angei Bust, smoked, and got crazy zocted. I walked up -- (clears his ‘throat)
0) 731) text: piled with exquisitelywrapped gifts, and envelopes marked "¥o the newlyweds." ANGLE — NENO sits like an African chieftain in a finelv-erafted, high- backed mahogany chair; Benin and Ibo culture semiotic are carved into the ams and legs of the chair. Nino holds the leash of his dog at his feet. The GROOM comes over, hugs Nino. Nino hands hima fat envelope; groom embraces Wino, walks off, ANGLE - ‘REVEREND OATES dressed impeccably as a Methodist minister in smock and robe, approaches Wine,
0) 733) text: 83 252A INT: SPOTLITE OFFICE = bAY 252A Scotty unlocks a window, expertly Blipping in a piece of copper from his pocket to connect the alarm current and not set it off, Nino (0s) Yo, Rivera; where are you? It's time to step! 2528 Scotty leaves. As he reenters main club room, 25238 Kareem smokes him over; still can't remember where he’s sean Scotty before. Scotty joins everyone,
0) 754) text: In the heat of battle, Scotty realizes he has a clear shot at Nino. He raises his gun, points it at Nine's head -~
0) 755) dialog: T didn't stay to see her hody drop; i just ran, -- changes his mind; he returns fire at the Italians,
0) 779) dialog: fon phone) «ee What do vou Mean, you made me ... EXT: SPARTAN'’S SOCIAL CLUB - DAY 281 A storefront on East 116th Street, A FEW MIDDLE-AGED, PORTLY ITALIAN MEN -- some in silk suits, some in colorfu knit shixts and porkpie hats -- sit on lounge chaits in front of Spartan's. DON ARMETEO, if a money-green silk suit, paces the cenerete, speaking on a cellular phone,
0) 784) dialog: sa. I invented crack. ZT own this city, you fuckin’ spaghetti-eatin', Slicked-back, greasy~haired bitch -- Nino hears the phone click, Don Axmeteo hung up, Nino neds ta Duh Duh Duh,
0) 809) text: Nino and Kareem get away. Gee Money tries to shoot it out with Gricks; he gets wounded in the shoulder, He puts "two" in Bricks -- Gee Money escapes.
0) 866) text: (tears in his eyes) I hope one Gf you cops will kill that metherfucker. He's upstairs, apartment 6C, but watch out, he has a bodyguard on the roofi EXT: NINO'S ROOFTOP - NIGHT 315¢ One of Nino's bodyguards lights e Cuban sigar. Suddenly a long cord wraps around hia neck, Morrio chokes him with lightning speed, Scotty snatches thse man's cigar and takes a puff, Horrio then removes a high-tech sub- machine gun with laser and silencer and tuns back inside building. IN’: ‘ROOF STAIRCASE - NIGHT 3Lecc Morrio takes out two of Nino's bodyguards,
0) 889) text: Questioned by Lawson, Nino looks like a rat backed into a corner. los $35 coNTD 335
0) 891) dialog: (pauses; defiant) That's right, ‘You're guilty .,. (as the court reacts) Yeah, lawmakers like you and politicians. and Colombian druq tords who all lobby against making drugs legal just like they did * with alcohol during Prohibition are guilty. This scenario is bigger than just Nino Brown's, this is the American way ..+ ANGLE - FACES OF JuRY¥ Despite their better judgement, some are impressed by Nino's testimony, Morrio and Scotty seem concarned.
0) 901) dialog: (breaking dowa) Them ..- Kareem and Unigea both react to Minots outburst.
0) 924) text: 339 340 ConTD 339 JUDGE (contd) dismiss the case of U.S. vs, Nino Brown, {visibly shaken) Mr. Brown, you are free to leave, ScoTTy (numb) What the fuck doss that mean?
0) 930) text: 115 340 8=6cONTD 340 At the same time, Scotty and Morrio spet someone walking towards Nino --