0) 81) dialog: My cousit also likes the fact that you're in the tradition of Joe Kennedy.
0) 105) dialog: Reverend Oates is gonna love that.
0) 332) text: SEE all the Cash Money Brothers assembled for a toast; Gee Money, Duh Duh Duh, Keisha, and Kareem. All are dressed stylishly -- looking like they were torn right out of the pages of G.Q. and Vogue -- and are here 126 127 45 CcONTD 136 celebrating their huge success in the underworld. Selina has her tarot cards spread out on the table. Wino looks over her shoulder as she turns over the last card; he waits.
0) 333) dialog: There is power in your future ,,,
0) 362) text: Re the lights go on, SEH Nino, Gee Money, Selina, and Uniqua sitting on a beautifully expensive leather sectional sofa, drinking Cristal champagne from crystal glasses, and eating French bread and cheese. Nino ig feeling the champagne, and so is Uniqua, They make it a point to touch each other as they talk, Gee Money is pleasant, but SEE he is wary of the thing happening between Nino and Uniqua. Selina is stewing, but being very discreet about it,
0) 368) dialog: (sharply) Well, you know what happens when dogs ain’t got a leash; they run the streets and try to fuck everything in sight, 135 136 137 so
0) 377) dialog: is shocked and hurt; she tries to keep a Stiff upper lip. Gee Money is embarrassed -—
0) 387) dialog: sitting on the bed, staring at her tarot gards in sheck as Nino comes in, She tries to hide them. Wino awkwardly tries to comfort her.
0) 388) dialog: (far away) Nins, you know I've always been straight with you .., You promised we'd get married three years ago,
0) 391) dialog: No, We have lived together for five years, and ... I love you. And now you're beginning to take me for granted, Nino, angry, slaps Selina and jumps out pf bed: She yells begins to cry, He catches himself, tries to calm down.
0) 774) dialog: T love you, but I can't take it anymore, Nino. The blood, the carnage, the lies. You parade
0) 879) dialog: (strong) Rill him and you're no better ‘than he is ... I'll testify against him. Nino glares death at ner, SELINA (contd) That's right, even if it means my life I'll testiz,;,
0) 887) dialog: ¥es, he is all those things and more,