64) 7) dialog: Be seated. Martin and Ruth share a glance as they sit. At THE APPELL TABLE across the aisle, Brown catches Bozarth eyeing them (CONTINUED )
64) 10) dialog: The first case is docket number 71- 1127. Charles Moritz v Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Each side will have 30 minutes to present. When two minutes remain, the Court Clerk will rise to give warning. When your time is up, he will sit. He looks over at Martin and Ruth, seated together before
64) 11) dialog: Counsel for the appellant. Mr. Ginsburg, you may proceed. It begins. Martin and Ruth look to one another. Then Martin takes hi place AT THE LECTERN, checking the time on the clock overhead. 9:00 AM. IN THE GALLERY, Moritz sits taller. Smiles nervously to J
65) 0) text: ON THE BENCH, Judge Holloway remains polite. Thoughtful.
65) 1) dialog: Congress assumed that a caregiver is most likely a woman. Is that so unreasonable?
65) 24) dialog: Whenever you’re ready, Professor Ginsburg.
65) 26) dialog: We've been through all that. Mrs. Ginsburg. You are aware that the government has three co-equal branches? She watches. Expecting him to continue.
65) 27) dialog: Mrs. Ginsburg? It dawns on her. He actually expects an answer.
65) 30) dialog: And that it is the Congress’s role to write law.
65) 34) dialog: Well sometimes a law -- even a good law, even a law that is legal under the constitution -- may not be good for every individual it affects.
65) 39) dialog: That’s the case in every family I know.
65) 44) dialog: Keeping women out of combat, for example.
65) 49) dialog: Growing a beard? The GALLERY laughs. And Holloway appreciates the attentio As Ruth grows visually frustrated.
65) 61) dialog: Mr. Bozarth for the appellee. You May proceed.
66) 9) dialog: Counsel for the appellant. You have four minutes for rebuttal. Ruth looks up toward the BENCH. And sees where the Judges looking: all eyes are on Martin. He rises. Gathering his papers. She looks across the aisle. At the APPELLEE’S TABLE: like he’s still her professor, like she’s still some presumptu student - Brown stares at her over the frames of his glas (CONTINUED )
66) 11) dialog: Counsel for the appellant? Martin considers Ruth’s intensity... And grins. THIS is t woman he married. He settles into his chair. Gives a nod.
66) 38) dialog: Go on. Professor Ginsburg. Ruth looks to him. His gentle eyes urging her on avuncula