0) 0) text: Concealer, lipstick, mascara on the counter. RUTH BADER GINSBURG (36) is applying blush. When she’s finished, she considers her reflection. She puts on A GOLD, SUNBURST PI And tries a smile. ..... But it looks forced. She drops i A breath. And she tries again. A different smile. And...
0) 1) dialog: May it please the court. Not right yet. A smile. And...
0) 2) dialog: Your honors and may it please the court... That’s not it either...
0) 3) dialog: May it please the court. She looks herself in the eye one more time.
1) 1) text: AS THEY ENTER AN AUDITORIUM: She slows her step. Letting men pass... IT’S RUTH (23 here). Petite, lean and striking. She takes the size of the place, its grandeur. And is awed. “And when the game ends, we’ll sing again...” Proud, she continues down the center aisle. “Ten thousand men of Harvard gained victory today!” Ruth finds a seat. And as the crowd quiets, smiles to the she’s settling beside. He stares. Confused by her presenc IN FRONT: A line of seated professors. AMONG THEM: Profes Ernest Brown. ERWIN GRISWOLD (52, formidable) comes to a podium:
1) 4) text: He is mindful of his country. Loyal to tradition. And he is respectful and protective of our institutions. OFF RUTH: Determined. INT. GINSBURG HARVARD APARTMENT —- LATE DAY The garden apartment is small and uncluttered: mismatched furniture, books, baby toys and museum posters. IN THE BEDROOM: THE MARRIAGE OF FIGARO plays on a record. Ruth, in a slip, is considering the contents of her close One dress in hand, she pulls out another. She can’t decid She takes them with her... Out of the room. DOWN THE HALL THE LIVING ROOM empty, she enters THE ADJACENT KITCHEN:
1) 5) dialog: (re: the dresses) Which one makes me look more like a Harvard man? MARTIN GINSBURG (24, classically handsome) is at the kitc table. Bouncing their daughter JANE (1) on his knee. He looks up from a textbook before him. Adoring.
1) 7) dialog: Seriously, you know how I am at these things. It’s the dean’s dinner, Marty. I need to make a good impression.
1) 9) dialog: You barely touched your tuna casserole. I put onions in. They help, right? They don’t. As he forces down a forkful: (CONTINUED )
1) 11) dialog: (re: the dresses) I don’t like either of these. She breezes out of the room.
2) 0) text: A grand room. Dignified and formal. MALE PROFESSORS in su chatting collegially. THE EIGHT OTHER WOMEN of the class 1959 (20s, intelligent, poised) are ingratiating themselv Ruth enters. A vision in her swing dress and pearls. And takes it all in: The room. The crowd. The chatter... The are proffering arms to the women. Forming a double-line t enter THE DINING ROOM... Before the doors, Dean Griswold and his wife, HARRIET GRISWOLD (52, on crutches, crippled by polio), are welcom their guests...
2) 3) text: Ruth eats her stewed chicken and lima beans with slow precision. She scans the room. They’re around a formal dining table: and women in alternating seats. Entrenched in conversatio Being served by Black Waiters. She eyes the women: Confident. Wise. With easy laughs. To her right: a YOUNG PROFESSOR faces away from her, ashi cigarette in the ashtray between him and Ruth, and talkin one of the women, EMILY:
2) 11) dialog: I’m Ruth Ginsburg, from Brooklyn.
2) 13) dialog: Mrs. Ginsburg, actually. My husband Marty is in the second-year class. aenee I’m at Harvard to learn about his work. So I can be a more patient and understanding wife. Emily laughs. Several others gasp. And on Griswold’s face plain dislike. OFF RUTH: Seeing it.
2) 14) text: Ruth. Home from dinner. Rubbing her sore feet.
2) 15) dialog: Come to dinner. The beans will be boiled. The chicken will be stewed. And you will be grilled. ... We came to Harvard to be lawyers. Why else? Martin, in an undershirt, climbs off the bed.
2) 17) dialog: I couldn't just ignore it! But the way he looked at me. Now he’1l never take me seriously.
2) 19) dialog: In my experience even small mistakes are glaring when you stick out. The dress falls to the floor. And he turns her around...
2) 21) dialog: Oh, yeah? Why don’t you come down here and say that to my face? She pulls him into a kiss. Flirty. Fun... He lifts her. buries her face in his neck, as they fall onto the bed.
3) 1) text: Ruth sits in the first row. Surrounded by men. A textboo the desk: Introduction to Contracts. At nine-thirty precisely, PROF. ERNEST BROWN (50) enters. begins lecturing.
3) 13) dialog: (rising) A correction, Professor Brown. McGee did not simply promise to fix George Hawkins’s hand. He promised, quote: a one hundred-percent good hand. Pruitt flips pages in his textbook, trying to catch up.
3) 16) dialog: It is not. Words matter. McGee grafted skin from Hawkins’s chest. Not only did this fail to fix the scarring, he had chest hair growing on his palm.
3) 18) dialog: The Court denied Hawkins damages-- (CONTINUED )
3) 21) dialog: If I may finish: Hawkins was denied damages for pain and suffering. (as Fitzpatrick sits) The New Hampshire Supreme Court ruled he was entitled to damages only based on the expected result of the contract being fulfilled. Brown, sliding down his reading glasses, measures up Ruth over the frames. Pruitt, still flipping pages, is frantic
3) 22) dialog: So if Dr. McGee had set realistic expectations, instead of making grand promises, Hawkins’s award likely would have been less. A pair of men share a glance: “Ball-buster."” Pruitt give Ruth has silenced the room.
4) 0) text: Couches and endless book shelves. Warm light through the windows. Students study, read, and hang out. AND IN ONE N Emily is on a couch with another female FRIEND (20s). Mar and TWO OTHER GUYS (20s) are on another. Beers all around Ruth stands before them... THEY’RE PLAYING CHARADES:
4) 14) dialog: Yes! As Martin gets up and kisses her:
4) 17) dialog: Don’t worry. He’s very good. (CONTINUED)
4) 21) dialog: It was a manifestation... of his being an idiot.
4) 37) dialog: Marty? ... Marty! Martin’s looking up at her. Pain written on his face.
4) 38) dialog: He needs help. Somebody help! As Ruth’s world slows and the sound fades:
4) 40) dialog: Marty. I’m right here. I have you.
5) 0) text: Hard floors and harder chairs. Ruth sits alone...
5) 1) text: It’s crowded. Ruth tries not to watch the other worrying families. A man soothes his wife... Fewer people waiting. Ruth still waiting. A mother reprim her son in harsh whispers... Fewer still. Ruth still waiting. The misbehaving boy is asleep on his mother’s lap... The sky is lightening out the window. The few people left sleeping. Except Ruth. Still up. Still waiting. She gets up... 14 INT. NURSES’ STATION / CORRIDOR - EARLY MORNING Ruth approaches and tries to get the attention of TWO NUR - talking among themselves:
5) 2) dialog: Excuse me. Excuse me? I’d like to see the doctor who-- One gestures for her to wait. She does for a frustrated beat. Then notices AN EMERGENCY ROOM DOCTOR (30) DOWN THE HALL. Ruth pursues him...
5) 3) dialog: Doctor? ... Doctor? He turns with a look that says, “I don’t have time for th
5) 5) dialog: You examined my husband. I’m wondering when you think he’1l be able to leave. I need to call the sitter.
5) 7) dialog: Ginsburg. Martin.
5) 9) dialog: Excuse me?
5) 11) dialog: What kind of tests? Her voice stops him in his tracks.
5) 14) dialog: What tests are you running on my husband?
5) 16) dialog: What kind of shadow?! I need to see him!
6) 0) text: Ruth enters. The sound of the door wakes up Emily, on the couch. Still in the same dress as during charades.
6) 1) dialog: Thank you so much.
6) 3) dialog: Fine. I’m sure he'll be fine. Emily hesitates to believe her. Then gives her a long hug
6) 5) text: Ruth lowers the needle at last. Static gives way to SOFT OPERA. A breath. Then Ruth walks DOWN THE EMPTY HALL... (CONTINUED )
6) 6) text: 16 TO JANE’S BEDROOM. As the girl sleeps, Ruth watches her. Keeping her fear and doubt at bay. ENTERING HER AND MARTIN'S BEDROOM, she collapses atop the covers. And curls up alone...
7) 0) text: Bright. Antiseptic. A TICKING CLOCK. Martin is hooked up glass IV. Reading a textbook in bed. In a chair beside hi Ruth has a law book as well. But she’s watching him. Wait Her gaze shifts -- to an empty hospital food tray...
7) 1) dialog: At least you got a break from my cooking. He looks to her. And they laugh -- nervously. DOCTOR WYLAND LEADBETTER (50) enters. Clean-shaven, in a tie, vest and white coat, full of genial self-confidence.
7) 3) dialog: Dr. Leadbetter.
7) 10) dialog: On top of the pain of surgery, the radiation will leave you exhausted, nauseous. Prone to infection.
7) 13) dialog: What kind of “a chance”? (off his hesitation) Dr. Leadbetter, we’d rather know what we're facing.
7) 19) dialog: We’re never giving up. Keep working. Keep studying. Jane will have her father. And you will be a lawyer. I am spending my life with you, Martin Ginsburg. EXT. HARVARD CAMPUS — DAY Bare trees. Snow flurries. ... Ruth rushes through. She’s running late.
8) 3) dialog: I’m Martin Ginsburg’s wife. I’1l be attending his classes for him. Freund seems surprised by it. His students are impressed.
9) 0) text: AT THE KITCHEN TABLE: Ruth sits before a typewriter. From vantage point, through the opening between rooms, she can only see half of Martin -- LYING ON THE LIVING ROOM COUCH
9) 1) dialog: (reading her notes aloud) A Court ought not be affected by the weather of the day, but will be by the climate of the era.
9) 8) dialog: I’m not listening. SHE HEADS FOR JANE’S ROOM, but Martin’s on a roll:
9) 10) dialog: Sweetheart. What’s wrong? Ruth scoops her up. And her cries fade to a whimper. Ruth takes Jane with her back to THE LIVING ROOM... en route t
9) 12) dialog: Okay. Brown v. Board of Ed. Go. Silence. It stops her. Clutching Jane, she turns to find Martin still as stone. She approaches him... Martin’s asleep. His breathing shallow. Jane still in her arms, Ruth returns to THE KITCHEN. She takes a sip of coffee. Then removes the page from the typewriter, stacks it with others, and puts them all into folder -- labelled “Martin.” She opens another folder: “Ruth.” Loads a half-typed page into the machine. And resumes her work in the quiet dark.
9) 13) dialog: One... Two...
10) 0) text: Campus is in bloom. Ruth and Martin walk with Jane (3 now holding both their hands and swinging between them....
10) 1) dialog: ...Threeeeee!
10) 4) dialog: (reading Martin’s look) Daddy needs a rest, sweetheart.
10) 8) dialog: It’s a great firm. And New York is the center of the legal universe. You've earned it.
10) 10) dialog: You won't be. I won’t allow it. ... I’1l convince him. INT. DEAN GRISWOLD’S OFFICE - DAY A room with history. Daunting. Regal. Griswold sits at hi desk. Ruth, tiny in an oversized chair, looks him in the
10) 12) dialog: Dean Griswold, between the first and third year of law school, which is the more substantive? The more critical? (CONTINUED )
10) 15) dialog: Yet when someone transfers in as a second-year student -- having taken those more important classes elsewhere -- he’s allowed a degree.
10) 17) dialog: I’ve been here two years. I’m first in my class.
10) 19) dialog: Last year, John Sumner was allowed to finish his coursework in Baltimore. Three years ago, Roy Paxton-—-
10) 21) dialog: How are they differ--
10) 23) dialog: Marty could relapse! The doctors say at any time. He puts a good face on it, but I can see it. He’s scared. Dean Griswold, this is my family. Griswold is sympathetic for a beat...
10) 24) dialog: 
11) 0) text: Ruth. Bearing her disappointment. Comes out of the buildi For a beat, she watches Martin and Jane playing tag among trees. Until Martin stops to catch his breath. And notice her. Smiling, he waves. Ruth forces a smile. And waves back. FADE TO BLACK.
12) 0) text: A brownstone on a quiet side street. Ruth comes out in sm suit. Determined and bold. She heads down the street. And around the corner. REVEALI NEW YORK, NY -- in autumnal red and gold. Vibrant, bustli and alive.
13) 0) text: GREENE (45), a big man, a street-wise lawyer, is reading Ruth’s resume. SOUNDS OF CONSTRUCTION outside.
13) 2) dialog: Thank you, Mr. Greene. I’ve worked hard.
13) 5) dialog: No, I think Bibler and Greene would be a perfect fit. You handled the Mercer bankruptcy last year, and--
13) 8) dialog: Twelve.
13) 10) dialog: One sent me to interview for the Secretarial Pool.
13) 12) dialog: Another told me I’d be too busy at bake sales to be effective. One partner closes clients in the locker room at his club -- so he said I'd be out of the loop. Last week I was told women are too emotional to be lawyers. Then, that same afternoon, that a woman graduating top of her class must be “a real ball-buster,” and wouldn’t make a good colleague. I was asked when I’d have my next baby, and whether I keep Shabbat. One interviewer told me I have a sterling resume, but they hired a woman last year, and what in the world would they want with two of us? Unburdened, she lets out her breath. And grows embarrasse Greene’s sardonic chuckle says he gets it:
13) 15) dialog: My mother taught me not to give way to emotions.
13) 17) dialog: Mr. Greene. I want to be a lawyer. I want to represent clients before the court in pursuit of justice. (re: her resume) You can see I worked hard through school. I did everything I was supposed to, and I excelled. I swear it: I’1l do the same for you. Greene takes a moment to think... As he does, his gaze dr over the contours of her body. Ruth tenses.
14) 0) text: Ruth back on the street. Stunned... She slows. Almost to a stop. Diminished... New York continues its perpetual movement around her with notice.
15) 0) text: It’s mostly the same furniture, art and books -- moved to new city. One addition: an original opera poster from Rom Ruth is on the couch with Jane (4 now) in her lap. They’r reading the Marcia Brown illustrated edition of CINDERELL (CONTINUED )
15) 2) dialog: The prince would marry her whose foot would fit the little slipper. First they tried it on the-- They hear the FRONT DOOR OPEN. As Martin finds them:
15) 7) dialog: It’s not at Bibler and Greene. I wasn’t what they were looking for.
15) 9) dialog: Clyde Ferguson left his professorship at Rutgers.
15) 11) dialog: They haven’t found another black man to replace him, so someone decided a woman would be the next- best thing.
15) 14) dialog: Marty. I got a job. Open the champagne. For a beat, he searches her face...
15) 18) dialog: So long as they don’t mind a lawyer who’s never actually practiced law. (re: champagne) Thank you.
15) 21) dialog: ... Hooray for Mommy. She takes a drink. BLACK. HEAR: SCREAMING. CURSING. A MASS OF FURY...
17) 0) text: Narrow windows, drop-ceiling, linoleum floor. It’s worlds away from Harvard... As Ruth enters, the students find their seats. And watch arrange syllabi and lecture notes from her bag in neat pi At last she looks them over. An uncomfortable silence...
17) 1) dialog: I'm Professor Ginsburg. This is Sex Discrimination and the Law. ... Some of my colleagues will tell you that sex discrimination doesn't exist. I may as well be teaching the legal rights of gnomes and fairies. Let’s see if they’re right. ...... Hoyt versus Florida. State the facts please, Miss... (checking a class list) Valentin. VALENTIN, an Hispanic, blue-collar Jersey Girl, rises.
17) 3) dialog: Can you recall the specifics?
17) 5) dialog: So in statutory terms... he was a real asshole. WHEN THE STUDENTS LAUGH, Ruth seems almost embarrassed by But the room relaxes. Including Ruth.
17) 6) dialog: On the night in question, Clarence told his wife he had met another woman, and he was leaving. How did Hoyt respond, Miss... Burton? IN THE BACK: BURTON rises. (CONTINUED )
17) 9) dialog: A jury convicted Hoyt of second- degree murder. And that’s where our story begins. A great civil rights lawyer took up Hoyt’s appeal. Dorothy Kenyon. Ruth writes her name on the board. The students take note
17) 10) dialog: On what grounds, Miss... Roemer? ROEMER, an Angela Davis-type, rises.
17) 21) dialog: Which she can be fired from just for marrying you. The law allows it. That quiets him. And the room. The class
17) 22) dialog: There are laws that say women can’t work overtime. A woman’s social security benefits, unlike her husband's, don’t provide for her family after death... is furious:
17) 26) dialog: Ten years ago, Dorothy Kenyon asked a question: if the law differentiates between people on the basis of sex, then how will women and men ever become equals? And the Supreme Court answered. ... They won’t. Hoyt lost her appeal. The decision was unanimous: discrimination on the basis of sex is legal. 32
18) 8) dialog: Hi. (change in tone) Jane. (CONTINUED )
18) 12) dialog: These kids are so passionate. To them it’s about more than precedents and dissents. They want to forge a movement. (re: the stew) Mmm. This is delicious. As he does, Jane tries to make her exit.
18) 13) dialog: Hold on Jane. We need to have a talk. I got a call from her school today. Apparently I mis-dated a note excusing you from classes last week? Martin is flipping through the Advance Sheets...
18) 16) dialog: You skipped school. It’s the first week. Is this what this year’s going to be like? You lied to--
18) 18) dialog: Forging a note IS lying, Jane. You’re smart enough to know that.
18) 23) dialog: Jane. ... Jane, stop.
18) 25) dialog: I want to know where you were. Jane turns back on her.
18) 28) dialog: I know who Gloria Steinem is. What if you got hurt? Or arrested.
18) 30) dialog: Those things can get out of hand.
18) 32) dialog: Yes. I do. That’s my job. Your job is to go to school and learn. (CONTINUED )
18) 35) dialog: You’re on a first name basis now? Jane sees Martin coming from the kitchen. For Ruth, OFF: Ruth.
19) 5) dialog: (to Martin) We should get going.
19) 11) text: 36 Martin glances across the room: THE WIVES are segregated corner... But he notes that Ruth is NOT among them. As he regales the Interns, he continues to scan the room...
19) 24) dialog: The moral of his story is that, in their attempt to raise revenue, the Swedish government ruined all those young men’s best hope at happiness.
19) 28) text: 38 MALLER (CONT’D) You're a smart girl, Ruthy. You married a star. OFF RUTH: Stung, but biting her tongue.
20) 0) text: Ruth walks ahead quietly. Martin sees she’s irritated...
20) 2) dialog: You always do that. You act like it doesn’t matter. But all the little brush-offs, the dismissive pats on the head... It matters, Marty.
20) 5) dialog: I wouldn’t want to hurt your stellar reputation. Martin stops.
20) 7) dialog: Nothing! I want... Nothing. I want you to go to work and wow your bosses and clients. RUTH (CONT’D) MARTIN And be the youngest partner That’s not fair! Give me a in the history of the firm. break. (CONTINUED )
20) 9) dialog: And I want you to walk me home, Marty. So I can sit in my corner and write a lesson plan to inspire the next generation of lawyers to go forth and fight for equality.
20) 11) dialog: Because that’s what I wanted to do! As she walks off -- leaving him there -- the admission is much a shock to her as it is to him...
21) 0) text: Ruth sits at the table that was once in their kitchen in Cambridge. She’s writing lesson plans, sipping coffee. She ignores a KNOCK on the door. Martin enters anyway. An drops, right onto her papers, a small, yellow booklet -- TAX COURT ADVANCE SHEETS (TCAS).
21) 2) dialog: I don’t read Tax Court cases.
21) 4) dialog: Sounds like a real page-turner.
21) 6) dialog: Marty. I have a lecture to write. (CONTINUED )
22) 0) text: Martin putts a golf ball under the couch and into a water cup. When he looks up, Ruth’s in the doorway. TCAS in han
22) 1) dialog: Section 214 of the tax code assumes a caregiver has to be a woman. This is sex-based discrimination... AGAINST A MAN.
22) 3) dialog: If a federal court ruled that this law is unconstitutional, it would become the precedent others refer to and build on. Men and women both. It could topple the whole damn system of discrimination. She notices the delight on his face.
22) 4) dialog: What? ... What is it?
22) 6) dialog: Marty. We need to take this case.
23) 1) text: 41 An elevator slides open, REVEALING RUTH... She heads for THE RECEPTIONIST, crossing paths with ACLU STAFFERS (various ages, races, genders), hearing SNIPPETS
23) 5) dialog: (to receptionist) Mel Wulf is expecting me. Phone to her ear, the Receptionist motions for her to wai MEL WULF, the ACLU’s Legal Director (40, handsome, wildly smart), is escorting A GUEST to the elevator:
24) 0) text: Ruth follows Mel down a crowded hallway. He’s reading the Court Advance Sheets as they walk.
24) 2) dialog: Yes! Exactly!
24) 4) dialog: American CIVIL LIBERTIES Union. Women’s right are civil rights. (CONTINUED )
25) 0) text: Mel closes the door behind them. Then relaxes into his ch feet up on the desk. As Ruth sits across from him:
25) 2) dialog: If we’re going to appeal, the court needs to agree there’s a constitutional handle here.
25) 4) dialog: I'll take care of that. Alone, the judges--
25) 6) dialog: The judges may not give Marty and I the benefit of the doubt. But with your name alongside ours on the brief... He considers her...
25) 7) dialog: You must see the opportunity this case represents. (CONTINUED )
25) 10) dialog: Women can’t attend Dartmouth.
25) 12) dialog: Women police officers can’t patrol New York City streets. We have to get credit cards in our husbands’ names.
25) 14) dialog: Gwendolyn Hoyt.
25) 16) dialog: And morally, they were right.
25) 18) text: 45 A MOMENT LATER: Ruth re-emerges. Eyeing A PHONE BOOTH... steps inside.
25) 19) dialog: (into the phone) Operator. I need a number. ... Denver, Colorado.
26) 0) text: MARTIN'S ON THE CORNER, waving down a cab. As it pulls ov he’s urging Ruth, Jane and James to hurry up...
26) 2) dialog: (to Jane) You're going to have to get James from school while I’m in Denver.
26) 4) dialog: Then take James with you. (looking them over) Will you be all right? Jane puts a hand on James’s shoulder.
26) 7) dialog: What if I can’t convince him?
26) 15) dialog: (checking her watch) I can come back in ten minutes, if you prefer.
26) 20) dialog: Mrs. Moritz... hello. Moritz’s Mother gives Ruth a dismissive look. To her son:
26) 22) dialog: I see you were a drum major. I was a twirler.
26) 24) dialog: Mr. Moritz. About your case...
26) 26) dialog: Are you?
26) 31) dialog: (ready to take notes) Tell me in your own words: why did you hire a nurse?
26) 33) dialog: (pained by the memory) I have. He’s surprised.
26) 35) dialog: And so you deducted Cleeta’s salary on your taxes.
26) 38) dialog: (loudly, helpfully) How about ‘Platypus’? Moritz’s Mother writes it down. Ruth smiles to Moritz. He doesn’t smile back.
26) 40) dialog: With due respect, you have $296 at issue. I’m not here for the money. We'd represent your appeal pro- bono, if you’1l let us.
26) 44) dialog: And you've never been married. ... The men who wrote that law couldn’t even fathom that a bachelor choosing to take care of a parent at home might exist.
26) 46) dialog: Mr. Moritz, the LAW is wrong. He takes a beat to respond.
27) 0) text: Moritz is making cold-cut sandwiches -- mixing his own mustard-horseradish spread. Ruth is at a small table.
27) 2) dialog: The hardest part for MY mom... It must have been-- When she was young, she was expected to tend to her father and brother, instead of going to college. ... The idea that now her daughter... that I was taking care of her...
27) 5) dialog: And you're ‘just an unmarried man.’ (she thinks about it...) We both confounded expectations. He finishes the sandwiches and sits. Ruth bites into hers
27) 6) dialog: This is delicious. I was famished. He watches her eat for a moment. Moritz’s Mother and her nurse, Cleeta (70), pass by IN TH HALL...
27) 8) dialog: The 14th Amendment to the United States Constitution says all people must be treated equally under the law. And yet, there are... I don’t know how many laws -- like the caregiver deduction -- that say, in effect, women stay home, and men go to work, and that it should stay that way forever. ... I want to convince the federal courts that those laws are unconstitutional.
27) 10) dialog: One case at a time. Starting with yours. We’ll submit a brief stating our argument. Then the government will submit a response. And both sides will present oral arguments at the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals, here in Denver.
27) 13) dialog: Can you imagine, Charlie, if our moms had grown up in a world where girls could dream as big as boys? 51 She looks back to him. It’s plain in his look: he’s in.
29) 1) dialog: Murder can never be condoned. Least of all by a lawyer. (CONTINUED )
29) 4) dialog: What’s just to you may not be just to me or to someone else. IN THE FOYER: Martin enters.
29) 8) dialog: Of course it is. You’re a beautiful writer. That’s not the point.
29) 11) dialog: He covers up Bob Ewell’s murder. He is a terrible lawyer.
29) 14) dialog: Legal ethics.
29) 18) dialog: I don’t know where she gets her stubbornness. Martin lets it lie. As Ruth goes to THE DINING ROOM TABLE, and copies onto a card a quote from a legal tome:
29) 21) dialog: Muller v Oregon. The law of the land. She picks up another book...
29) 22) dialog: Or Bradwell v Illinois. (reading aloud) “The destiny of woman is the benign offices of wife and mother. This is the law of the Creator.” ... And for how long have you been hearing the voice of the Creator, Justice Bradley?
29) 24) dialog: On a stone tablet, no doubt. She tosses the book aside. (CONTINUED )
29) 26) dialog: I'm writing this brief, and citing the same cases, coming up against the exact same precedents as everyone before us. If this is what we go in with... With a look, he shares her worry. FROM JANE’S BEDROOM comes BLARING MUSIC: “OHIO” by Crosby Stills and Nash. Ruth and Martin share a look. When Ruth moves to get up, Martin waves her back... INT. GINSBURG APARTMENT - JANE’S BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER Jane over her math homework is the mirror-image of Ruth w her brief. Martin KNOCKS and enters.
30) 0) text: Ruth is at the typewriter, still working. Martin enters. Takes one of her reference books. And join her. Ruth looks up and watches him. ... Until he notices.
30) 1) dialog: Is she okay?
30) 3) dialog: I love you.
31) 0) text: A SHOP OWNER cleans graffiti off his store window. Cast i facades. Pot-holed streets. Dumpsters overflowing. And against the gray sky, the Twin Towers are being built. In her up-town coat, Ruth is out of place. Searching for address. Beside her, Jane, in a short skirt and knee-high hugs her denim jacket tighter against the blustery, late- autumn cold.
31) 3) dialog: If you’re going to write about Great American Lawyers, you may as well meet one. They come to a derelict building with an empty storefront Share a wary look. And step over a drunk, passed out on t sidewalk. Entering...
32) 0) text: As they come DOWN A LONG HALLWAY, Ruth grabs Jane’s wrist holding her back. Awestruck. DOROTHY KENYON is locking a door marked “Attorney” in pee paint. She’s slender, with a white bob beneath a broad- rimmed, floppy hat. Her eyes are vivacious; they can flas from humor to fiery passion without blinking. Door locked, she turns. And finds them.
32) 3) dialog: Ms. Kenyon. We’re here to see you. I tried to make an appointment.
32) 5) dialog: .».. It’s about Gwendolyn Hoyt.
32) 7) dialog: I’m arguing a case... Sex- discrimination violates the equal protection principle. (CONTINUED )
32) 10) dialog: Please. If we could just talk for-- Kenyon turns on them:
32) 14) dialog: Protests are important. But changing the culture means nothing, if the law doesn’t change. As a lawyer, you must believe that. (CONTINUED )
32) 19) dialog: My client’s name is Charles Moritz.
32) 21) dialog: He hired a nurse who helps care for his mother. But he was denied a caregiver deduction on his taxes. Kenyon does the calculation. It takes her a beat -- but j a beat -- to put it together. Kenyon stops.
32) 23) dialog: Feeling anything is a start.
32) 25) dialog: Ruth Bader Ginsburg. She and Kenyon watch one another for an extended beat.
33) 0) text: It’s raining hard as Ruth and Jane exit. such They open their umbrellas. Ruth looks back the way they came. Then points Jane in the other direction.
33) 1) dialog: Let’s catch a cab. They start walking.
33) 3) dialog: No. She’s formidable. ... Dorothy Kenyon has been fighting for Civil Rights and Women’s Rights and Labor Rights her entire career. She didn’t always win. But she made damn sure she was taken seriously. The rain is pelting down. Ruth and Jane take cover under scaffolding. A cab passes, but its dome light is off. The lower their umbrellas.
33) 5) dialog: It’s the right cause. It’s the right client. But women have been losing this same argument for over a century.
33) 8) dialog: Jane. That was incredibly wise.
33) 11) dialog: (checking for another cab) It's okay. Just ignore them.
33) 20) dialog: Twenty years. (a beat) Look at you. It may as well be two hundred.
33) 22) dialog: It’s only twenty years since I was your age. Back then girls were told: “Be a lady.” “Speak when spoken to.” “Respect your elders.” Jane's getting where her mom is headed...
33) 24) dialog: They taught me how to curtsy in school. (laughs ) I couldn't go out wearing pants.
33) 26) dialog: You are a liberated, fearless young woman. Twenty years ago, you couldn’t have been who you are today. (a beat) Dorothy Kenyon’s wrong. The times have already changed.
34) 0) text: Ruth. Alone. Consulting a book. Hunched over a legal pad. Writing. Crossing out. And starting again. OUTSIDE THE DOOR: a Janitor buffs the hallway floors. (CONTINUED )
34) 2) dialog: It’s what Professor Freund said at Harvard...
35) 0) text: Ruth’s standing at the counter. Eating leftovers. Martin reading the typed notes. Concerned...
35) 1) dialog: “RA court ought not be affected by the weather of the day. But will be by the climate of the era.”
35) 3) dialog: We're arguing the precedents should no longer apply.
35) 5) dialog: And we're the next generation. OFF MARTIN: impressed.
36) 0) text: Ruth is dictating her notes to a department secretary, MILLICENT (28, sultry), who is typing them up.
37) 0) text: Martin is on the couch, writing notes on Ruth’s typed wor IN THE BACKGROUND: Jane is laying out dinner on the table Ruth is on the floor, playing checkers with James.
38) 0) text: On the wall over her desk, Ruth tacks up the same note ca SEE: OTHERS. AND NEWSPAPER CLIPPINGS. It’s the outline of argument. Martin’s on the bed, surrounded by books, writing his tax section of the brief.
40) 0) text: Ruth’s added a coffee pot to the room. Some of her class with her. They’re passing books, newspapers, journals -- Chinese food cartons -- between them. Animated. Discussin OVER THIS, START TO HEAR: MILLICENT’S TYPING...
41) 3) dialog: Cook dinner for their families.
42) 0) text: Ruth and Martin are cuddled on the couch. Writing notes o their work... Noticing one another, they stop. Kiss... And resume worki THE TYPING CONTINUES. LOUDER STILL... 65
43) 0) text: Millicent is typing up their hand-written pages... She pulls out the final page. INT. RUTGERS LAW SCHOOL - RUTH’S OFFICE - LATER Millicent enters -- the typed Moritz Brief in hand:
43) 2) dialog: (accepting it) You're a saint, Millicent.
43) 4) dialog: You realize that means...
46) 0) text: The Fourteenth Amendment is written on the board. Ruth, before her class, underlines the Equal Protection Clause.
46) 1) dialog: But nowhere does the Constitution say the federal government must treat people equally. What did the Court say about that? Mrs. Parker.
46) 3) dialog: Can you cite the case? Parker hesitates. Unsure. ... REVEAL:
46) 6) dialog: 
46) 7) text: INT. DINER — DAY Ruth and Mel with coffee. Only Mel is eating pie. He reac into his bag -- and drops Ruth’s brief between them. An accusation in his eyes.
46) 9) dialog: (playing innocent) I thought she might have advice.
46) 11) dialog: What did you think of the brief?
46) 13) dialog: Times have changed.
46) 15) dialog: No. Do you remember Justice Harlan’s opinion last June in Welsh v United States? (CONTINUED )
46) 17) dialog: We're adding one more section to the brief, urging The Court to extend the law -- to include Charlie as well as everyone else. 70 Mel runs through the argument in his mind. It could work.
46) 19) dialog: We appreciate your support. She gives it a beat...
46) 20) dialog: Now let’s talk about you taking on Reed v Reed. (off his look) All men in Idaho are better at math?! It’s a perfect example of--
46) 22) dialog: The Moritz argument works just as well for a female client. And Reed’s a state supreme court case. Which means the US Supreme Court must hear the appeal. (he’s ignoring her) Call Sally Reed’s lawyer, Mel.
46) 26) dialog: (relenting) When?
52) 6) dialog: It’s the government’s response brief.
53) 0) text: Twenty volumes of THE U.S. CODE stacked around the room. and empty cartons from the ACLU... Ruth, Jane and Ruth’s students Roemer and Burton are seat AROUND THE DINING ROOM TABLE. In the middle of them, the brief is open to “Appendix E”. Each has a volume before h and is looking from the Appendix to her book, searching f the corresponding page.
53) 6) dialog: That’s the plan. The FRONT DOOR opens, and Martin enters. Dry cleaning ove his shoulder.
53) 9) dialog: The Government's brief came. ... Look who's listed as co-author. She passes it to him.
55) 1) text: 82 IN THE DINING ROOM: Ruth paces. Notes in hand. Practicing
55) 2) dialog: (to herself) Sex and race are both unalterable biological traits... She's forgetting something. She checks her notes: Of cour IN THE KITCHEN: Martin lifts a flambé pan warming on the stove. And... WHOOSH! He ignites the Calvados inside.
55) 5) dialog: There is no jury in federal appeals court. No witnesses, no evidence. «+. It’s just you and the judges. She looks to Jane and smiles. Then opens THE FRONT DOOR t GERALD GUNTHER (44). He’s genial, with graying hair and a bald crown. He wears a collared shirt and gray sweater. R is delighted to see him.
55) 6) dialog: Gerry. Jane, you remember my old professor, Gerald Gunther. He has a vaguely European accent. As Ruth takes his coat:
55) 13) dialog: (intimidated) Pauli Murray.
56) 3) dialog: Your honors and may it please the court. Section 214 of the tax code covers employed single women who care for their dependents. But excludes Charles Moritz, a bachelor providing--
56) 5) dialog: No Judge. But as a man, you--
56) 14) dialog: Should I start again?
56) 17) dialog: Your honors and may it please the court. Section 214 of the tax code covers employed single women who care for their dependents. But excludes Charles Moritz, a bachelor providing the same care. There is no rational basis for--
56) 19) dialog: Historical justification was also used to legitimize the separation of the races. Now classification--
56) 21) dialog: Both are unalterable biological traits of--
56) 26) dialog: Why shouldn’t men be nurses? If women want to fight fires-—-
56) 28) dialog: Again if women--
56) 30) dialog: Why not?
56) 32) dialog: And men should be teachers or raise children, if they want. Percentages aren’t the point.
56) 34) dialog: Have you seen the appendix attached to their brief? Laws written by men who think we're privileged to be excused from men’s obligations. It’s not a privilege. It’s a cage. These laws are the bars. As they all fall silent. Ruth realizes she’s blown it. Me eyes her smugly... (CONTINUED )
56) 37) dialog: You asked the questions.
56) 43) dialog: That's your sage advice: ignore the judges and smile? into the bread. With his mouth full:
56) 45) text: 88 Ruth’s look says, Choke on it. Martin rises and approaches Ruth. Gently. Supportive. An excellent teacher, he talks just to her...
56) 54) text: 89 A beat of silence. As Ruth crumbles...
57) 0) text: The ‘Judges’ are getting ready to leave. As Ruth chats wi Gunther and Pauli, Martin sidles up to Mel. Quietly. Angr
57) 6) dialog: You have such a light touch. It’s effortless for you, isn’t it? (CONTINUED )
57) 10) dialog: Of course he was. He’s a relentless prick. But that doesn’t change the fact that I’m not ready.
57) 12) dialog: Is that what I’m supposed to tell our client when I blow it in court? She's already walking away:
57) 14) dialog: To figure out every question those judges can possibly ask me. I’m going to have answers for all of them. INT. RUTGERS LAW SCHOOL - RUTH’S OFFICE - DAY Time has passed. Ruth is selectively packing books, journ notes into a box. Millicent enters -- with another book in hand.
57) 16) dialog: Who needs a tax reference? I have Marty. IN THE ATTACHED OUTER OFFICE, MILLICENT’S PHONE RINGS. As heads out and Ruth resumes packing:
57) 17) dialog: Did you pack the Kirk v Commissioner briefs?
57) 19) text: MILLICENT (CONT’D) It’s Mel Wulf for you. Ruth waves her off. MILLICENT (CONT’D) (into the phone) I’m sorry, Mr.-- (to Ruth) He says it’s urgent. OFF RUTH: Hearing her. EXT. ACLU’S OFFICE BUILDING - DAY ESTABLISH: Spring. The city is in bloom. Ruth and James come out of THE SUBWAY, and head for the entrance.
58) 0) text: Ruth’s kneeling before James. He’s seated, swinging his l
58) 1) dialog: Now just wait here. And I need you to be patient, okay? Don’t get up. Don’t wander off. And don’t touch anything. Do you understand? Ruth notes the Receptionist, who’s watching them skeptica
58) 2) dialog: That nice lady is going to keep an eye on you. And if you get bored... She scans the area. Then grabs a “Prisoners’ Rights” pamp off a nearby table.
58) 3) dialog: Read this. 91 INT. ACLU CORRIDOR / MEL WULF’S OFFICE - DAY Follow Ruth as she enters -- without knocking:
58) 4) dialog: What was so important? Mel’s on the phone. Before him is another lawyer. 43; ina tweed suit; with a gentle, aw-shucks demeanor: ALLEN DERR Mel gestures for Ruth to sit beside Allen. Who half-rises and offers a handshake:
58) 10) dialog: That’s fantastic.
58) 13) dialog: Is the ACLU going to help? (CONTINUED )
58) 18) dialog: You want me...? In the Supreme Court? Mel can see she thinks she’s being asked to argue the cas
58) 21) dialog: It’s a bit more involved than that.
58) 28) dialog: Let me argue Reed in Court.
58) 30) dialog: I am no less experienced in Federal Court than Allen Derr. If you’re gonna use MY arguments--
58) 33) dialog: (getting it) Reed ups the profile of our case. They're getting nervous.
58) 35) dialog: Why would you--? Charlie won’t want to settle.
58) 37) dialog: I will not. First you took half the argument away from me... (CONTINUED )
58) 42) dialog: You first. They stay that way. Eye to eye. Until...
58) 44) dialog: Nothing would strengthen the argument more than the Appeals Court deciding for Charlie.
58) 46) dialog: You think I can’t be persuasive.
58) 48) dialog: You don’t get to tell me when to quit.
59) 0) text: As Ruth pours coffee, Martin is watching her.
59) 1) dialog: You know I had this idea... She trails off.
59) 3) dialog: It doesn’t matter. ... Thank you for working so hard on this. I know you had paying clients to worry about, too.
59) 6) dialog: We could have taken Appendix E from the Government’s brief, that entire comprehensive list of laws that differentiate between the sexes, and turn it into our own hit list. (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
59) 8) dialog: We could have started a special project at the ACLU to go after those laws one-by-one -- in the legislature, in the courts. Until women and men were genuinely equal under the law. She laughs at her own naiveté.
59) 9) dialog: «+. And I’ve been running around claiming things have changed. She leaves. OFF MARTIN: Who doesn’t know how to help her.
60) 0) text: At her desk. OPERA on the radio. Her mother’s portrait watching her. Ruth takes a long, slow sip of coffee. Then gets to work taking down the note cards and clipping still tacked to the wall... One by one. Jane approaches. But hesitates in the doorway. Watching..
60) 2) dialog: He thinks I’m going to lose.
60) 4) dialog: He didn’t exactly give me a choice. Jane considers is...
60) 6) dialog: I know that this case... That I disrupted our lives. I’m sorry. (CONTINUED )
60) 11) dialog: No, Charlie. That’s the point. They don’t want to... They will never say that. A judge has to.
60) 13) dialog: You get the money. Moritz considers this. And it doesn’t sit right.
60) 15) dialog: That’s for another day.
60) 17) dialog: We could. (looking at Jane) And the impact would last generations. But in the end, you may walk away with nothing. ... Charlie. The ACLU feels it’s for the best if you take the offer. (CONTINUED )
60) 22) dialog: Hello, Professor Brown. Dean Griswold.
60) 24) dialog: Oh, no. What I’m doing, I learned at Columbia. He sizes her up for an awkward beat... Until Brown steps
60) 26) dialog: Not so little. And we have another. James.
60) 28) dialog: Yes. Both of us. (CONTINUED )
60) 31) dialog: My client was very excited about your offer.
60) 33) dialog: He did, however, have some conditions.
60) 35) dialog: First of all. He’d like you to forgive a hundred percent of the money. None of this one dollar business.
60) 37) dialog: And he'd like the government to concede that he did nothing wrong. And to enter into the court record that Section 214 of the Tax Code discriminates on the basis of sex. And is therefore unconstitutional. Griswold and Brown’s smiles drop.
62) 0) text: IT’S THE SAME SCENE THAT OPENED THE MOVIE: Concealer, lipstick, mascara on the counter. RUTH BADER GINSBURG (36) is applying blush. When she’s finished, she considers her reflection. She puts on A GOLD, SUNBURST PI And tries a smile. ... But it looks forced. She drops it. A breath. And she tries again. A different smile. And...
62) 1) dialog: May it please the court. Not right yet. A smile. And... (CONTINUED)
62) 3) dialog: Your honors and may it please the court... That’s not it either...
62) 4) dialog: May it please the court. She looks herself in the eye one more time. KNOCK-KNOCK-KNOCK... Ruth opens the door. It’s Jane.
63) 0) text: Early fall. A Denver Cab parks across the street from the building’s neoclassical facade. Ruth, Martin, Mel and Jan all get out. Ruth stares at the court. Frozen. Awed. ... Martin sees h
64) 0) text: Ruth, Jane and Mel enter between gray, marble pillars. A chandelier casts the JUDGE’S BENCH in warm light. Over it clock and an adage: Reason is the Soul of All Law.
64) 2) dialog: Charlie.
65) 23) dialog: Your Honors... She watches them. Looking down on her. And falls silent. cannot see Martin urging her on with his eyes. IN THE GALLERY, Mel sits forward. Nervous. Moritz notices
65) 25) dialog: ++. Your Honors and may it please the court. Section 214 denies Mr. Moritz a caregiver tax deduction available to similarly situated women who--
65) 28) dialog: Yes. Of course, Judge. (CONTINUED)
65) 31) dialog: (sharply) Your Honor, I understand how government works. Holloway lifts his eyebrows, unaccustomed to being addres impatiently.
65) 36) dialog: Yes. That’s correct. Because --
65) 38) dialog: But the law assumes it must be women who are supposed to stay at home in the first place.
65) 43) dialog: When the classification is rationally related to the law.
65) 45) dialog: I’m not sure whether I agree with that example, but-- IN THE GALLERY: Mel closes his eyes. Exasperated.
65) 47) dialog: No. That’s not what... Ruth takes a deep breath. Composing herself.
65) 48) dialog: Gender. Like Race. Is a biological, unalterable trait. There is nothing that women are inherently better at than men. Nor vice versa.
65) 50) dialog: That isn’t--
65) 53) dialog: (bursting) No thinking person can possibly believe Charles Moritz’s gender relates to his ability to-- Her hand strikes the microphone. And it SQUEALS. Leaving courtroom dauntingly quiet in the wake of her outburst. IN THE GALLERY: Mel drops his head. Defeated. AT THE APPELLANT’S TABLE: Even Martin looks away. Ruth knows she’s blown it.
65) 55) dialog: Yes, Your Honor.
65) 57) dialog: Respectfully. Your Honors. I'd like to reserve the remainder of my time for rebuttal. Slowly. She gathers her papers. And returns to the APPELLANT’S TABLE. Daugherty tosses up his arms. As Ruth sits, Martin leans toward her.
65) 69) text: Widowers don’t choose to be caregivers, Judge Doyle. It’s thrust upon them. As for women... It doesn’t take a legal treatise to prove what a hundred thousand years of human history makes clear. Ruth -- calmly, quietly -- slides her notes across to Martin. ... A flash of relief, as Martin begins them. Preparing for rebuttal.
66) 10) text: 113 And she looks back INTO THE GALLERY, where Mel's rocking nervously. Ruth grabs Martin’s arm. He looks down at her. An endurin glance, as she tightens her grip and pulls him back down. IN THE GALLERY: Mel sees it. And knows they’re screwed.
66) 13) dialog: Radical social change. She half-laughs at it. And looks up to the Judges.
66) 14) dialog: When I was in law school... there was no women’s bathroom. A murmur of LAUGHTER from the gallery. ON THE BENCH: Doyl smiles. Holloway and Daugherty don’t know where she’s goi
66) 15) dialog: It’s amazing to me now, but we never complained. Not because we were timid. We were just astounded that we were in law school at all. AT THE APPELLEE’S TABLE: Bozarth turns away dismissively toward Brown. Surprised to find him listening intently.
66) 16) dialog: A hundred years ago, Myra Bradwell wanted to be a lawyer. She had fulfilled the requirements for the Illinois bar, but wasn’t allowed to practice because she was a woman. An injustice she asked the Supreme Court to correct. Illinois was so confident of victory, they didn’t even send a lawyer to argue their side. They were right. She lost. (CONTINUED)
66) 18) dialog: That was the first time someone went to court to challenge his or her prescribed gender role. A hundred years ago. Radical social change? She clutches the lectern. She For
66) 20) dialog: Sixty-five years ago. When women in Oregon wanted to work overtime, and make more money, as men could. The Court looked to the precedent in Bradwell. And said no. And then there were two precedents. Then three. Then four. And on. And on. You can draw a direct line from Myra Bradwell to Gwendolyn Hoyt - told ten years ago she was not entitled to a jury of her peers. looks the Judges directly in the eyes.
66) 21) dialog: That is the legacy the Government asks you to uphold today. You are being urged to protect the culture and traditions and morality of an America that no longer exists. Judge Holloway, it’s a sobering thought.
66) 22) dialog: A generation ago, my students would have been arrested for indecency wearing the clothes that they do. GALLERY laughs. Including Jane and Moritz.
66) 23) dialog: Sixty-five years ago, it would have been unimaginable that my daughter would aspire to a career. And a hundred years ago. I would not have had the right to stand before you. presses her fingers into the lectern for emphasis... (CONTINUED )
66) 25) dialog: We are not asking you to change the country. That’s already happened without any Court’s permission. We are asking you to protect the right of the country to change. The Clerk Rises. Ruth considers him.
66) 28) dialog: There are a hundred and seventy- eight federal laws that differentiate on the basis of sex. Count them. The Government did the favor of compiling them for you. And while you're at it, I urge you to read them. They are obstacles to our children’s aspirations.
66) 30) dialog: I’m asking you to set a new precedent. As courts have done before when the law is outdated. It’s in Martin’s reaction -- that was a good response.
66) 34) dialog: Nor does the word ‘freedom.’ Your honor. Doyle looks down on her for a long time. And she returns gaze -- unflinchingly. Until he leans back. A slight nod.
66) 35) dialog: Our sons and daughters are barred by law from opportunities based on assumptions about their abilities. How will they ever disprove these assumptions, if laws like Section 214 are allowed to stand? FROM THE APPELLANT'S TABLE Martin watches the Clerk, watc the clock. 9:59:30.
66) 36) dialog: That is why we must take these laws on. One-by-one. For as long as it takes. For their sakes. IN THE GALLERY: Jane smiles. Mel is anxious: C’mon. C’mon
66) 37) dialog: And you have the power to set the precedent that will get us started. You can right this wrong, by-- The Clerk sits. 10:00. And Ruth watches him. Her jaw clenched. Willing him to stand. As Mel exhales a long, distressing breath.
66) 39) dialog: The principle purpose of Section 214 is not to protect women nor to discriminate against men. It is to provide caregivers the opportunity to work outside the home. Therefore -- as the Supreme Court did in Levy v Louisiana -- this court should fix the law in the way most in line with the legislative intent. Extend the deduction to never-married men. Help all caregivers equally. (CONTINUED )
66) 41) dialog: Our client, Charles Moritz, was well raised to be the sort of man we should all hope our sons will become. He deserves our admiration. Not only has he accepted the burden of caring for his... very strong- willed mother -- when no one would expect it of him. The courtroom appreciates her diplomacy.
66) 42) dialog: But in doing so, he has surpassed the limitations the rest of us -- and our laws -- try to force upon him. We rest our case on our briefs and argument, and ask that you reverse the Tax Court’s decision. The room is silent as Ruth returns to her seat...
67) 6) dialog: We don’t even know who won.
67) 8) dialog: This is just the beginning. With a look, he agrees. Then he eyes the government lawyers headed out, playful air. Bounding off:
67) 11) dialog: I’1l be in touch. As he walks off, Martin turns to Ruth. And they Letting it linger.
67) 13) dialog: We did it. 119
68) 0) text: ESTABLISH: The United States’s temple to the rule of law. Bag over her shoulder, Ruth approaches the broad front st Where men in suits loiter, talking in close huddles.
68) 9) text: 120 U.S. federal cases to find laws unconstitutional for discriminating on the basis of sex. SUPER: As Director of the ACLU’s Women’s Rights Project, Bader Ginsburg became the leading gender rights lawyer of generation, winning several landmark cases before the U.S Supreme Court. SUPER: Martin Ginsburg became one of America’s preeminent attorneys and a beloved professor at Georgetown Universit Law Center. He died of cancer in 2010, a few days after he and Ruth’s fifty-sixth wedding anniversary. SUPER: On June 14, 1993, President Bill Clinton nominated Ruth Bader Ginsburg to the U.S. Supreme Court. The Senate confirmed her nomination: 96-3.