0) 0) text: DAVID HELFGOTT wakes with a start in an indistinct place Late thirties, eyelids at half-mast, he stares into the w a flashing red light. David (mumbling) Kissed them all, I kissed them all, always kissed cats, p always did; if a cat’d let me kiss it, I’d kiss it - Cat - always, always, I will - didn’t I? I did because I was was - gotta be different again, haven’t I darl - He realizes the seat beside him is empty and panics. David Where-oh-where, Gillian? Where did she go, where-oh -
0) 1) text: His weird begaviour draws attention. Gillian (returning) It’s alright David, I’m right here. David Here - here Gillian, right here. The thing is I thought y She emanates calmness, warmth and is an endless source of instantaneous. DAVID settles … Gillian Where is there to go? David I don’t know darling, I don’t know, I’m hopeless without Gillian You’ve got your contacts in, silly. david  I’m a silly, it’s true, it’s true. A braying laugh. Whooahh! Gillian Shhhh. David Oooh, shhh - shhh, sorry darling, sorry - Gillian It’s alright. Stretch your legs. David Do you think so? Perhaps I should, perhaps I should stret stretch my legs? He stands. Gillian Good idea. David Good idea, that’s right - AIRPORT ANNOUNCEMENT : Flight 313 to London via Frankfurt 15 minutes - David  Whooahhh, London, Gillian, London! Gillian Yes … Shhh. David Shhh … He looks out the rain-spattered window at the flashing re aircraft being fuelled immediately outside the window. David Shhh, softly, softly, new story … Dissolve to iridescent neon raindrops coursing down a win somewhere, Suddenly a desperate face fills the frams. It’ twenties. The full head of hair, falling around his soaki this is years earlier; a sodden cigarette hangs from his off the end of his nose. He’s looking into ...
2) 0) text: TONY is driving. SYLVIA is in front, both laughing along David (a braying laugh) ‘Helfott’ - ‘with the help of God’ - that’s what it means You see, Daddy’s daddy was religious, vee-eery religious, of a meanie. But he got eterminated, didn’t he, so God di Whooahhh. Not very funny is it, Sylvia? Very sad, really aren’t I, such a meanie because I haven’t got a soul, is right isn’t it?
2) 2) dialog: Daddy, daddy said so. No such thing as a soul. A train whiste sounds in the distance. Sylvia That’s ridiculous David  Ridiculous; you’re right. I’m ridiculous Sylvia-Tony, and because it was a tragedy, a tragedy … The car drives into a tunnel. Blackness in the tunnel. David - (V.0.) … a ridiculous tragedy. The sound of the train wheels rattling, blasting a signal light.
4) 0) text: The expectant faces of two young girls loom large as they from their perch in a tree - MARGARET, 12, and SUZIE, 5. Suzie Did he win or lose? Along the street, DAVID walks a few paces behind PETER. Margaret He lost. DAVID jumps over the cracks in the pavement.
4) 2) dialog: IT’s your turn, Daddy. PETER flicks a look at the board a moves a piece.
4) 4) dialog: He smashed it. A moment, the PETER slams his fist on the small table, kn pieces off.
4) 6) dialog: I know, Daddy. Peter You are very lucky. David Yes Daddy. (lights up.) Will I play for you? Peter No. You pick up these pieces. DAVID proceeds to on hands and knees while PETER goes to off.
5) 10) dialog: Daddy chose it. ROSEN notices RACHEL sneak a look out the window at him.
7) 0) text: In the bedroom PETER wakes to the sound of the piano filt living area. He walks down the hallway, drawn by the sparse, haunting familiar: Rachmaninov's Third Piano Concerto. Entering th DAVID playing the piano in near darkness. DAVID struggles fingers across the keys, faltering to a stop … Peter Rachmaninov? David It's beautiful. PETER sits beside his son.
7) 2) dialog: You always play it. PETER smiles. Peter It is very difficult, the hardest piece in the world, Dav David Will you teach me? Pause. PETER deflects.
8) 0) text: DAVID and PETER walk along a cobbled path. DAVID stops to in a large pond. PETER bustles him along to the frontdoor threatens. PETER rings the bell. DAVID smiles and goes to stops him with a look. The door is opened by ROSEN.
9) 0) text: DAVID plays the scales. ROSEN spots PETER at the side win shuts the blind on him.
11) 2) dialog: Wet Sylvia, sorry Sylvia, such a wet. They run past a sign clanging on a chain: 'Eden Lodge'.
12) 2) dialog: Kind of, kind of play kind of sweet kind Sylvia. (Picks up sheet music.) Chopin, Sylvia, Chopinzee! The Pole-popolski. Like Daddy they were concentrated. He brushes a Rachmaninov score aside.
12) 4) dialog: Golly, I don't know. Aeons I think, a few years, a few. A wrong with Schubert except syphilis, was it syphilis? I t got typhoid on top of it and that was the end of him wasn Shenotices a row of tablet bottles by the bed.
12) 5) dialog: That was a bit careless wasn't it Sylvia - Whooah we lost didn't live to swim another day. MINOGUE enters; late fifties, he has a thick Scottish acc look in his eye.
12) 6) dialog: Him. I was a naughty boy wasn't I? Was I a naughty boy? C head.
12) 8) dialog: Whooahhh, a search party Jim, a party! I won't be invited
12) 10) dialog: How's that Sylvia, how's that? A party! A celebration. A
12) 12) dialog: Time for a wine and a very fine time. A mardi gras and a Whoooah Jim Jim Jim, a party. He realizes he's on his own. He stares blankly at the rai getting louder until it becomes the sound of applause, fr
14) 7) dialog: Thank you, thank you Mr. Stern. So do you. Laughter.
14) 9) dialog: How much?
14) 11) dialog: Everything. But I do like tennis - and chemistry too. Laughter. PETER laughs too.
14) 13) dialog: Only against the wall at home, I bounce the ball against
14) 15) dialog: America?
15) 0) text: DAVID steps out form behind the bright white sheets hangi repeatedly to an imaginary audience.
15) 5) dialog: Me too. Youth's voice Margaret. MARGARET puts the washing down and exits the back gate.
17) 1) dialog: One day I'll play with an orchestra.
17) 3) dialog: You can ride with me in my cadillac. SUzIE Where are you going to live in America? Behind them, PETER steps out of the kitchen.
17) 4) dialog: With a nice Jewish family they said.
17) 6) dialog: Oh yes, very nice, very -
20) 0) text: A rickety pram wheel wobbles along. Widen to reveal PETER dilapidated old pram down the ordinary suburban street, f SUZIE wearing grubby school uniforms. Several kids playing hopscotch stop as they see them appr path for the odd trio to pass. SUZIE looks down her nose the hopscotch without missing a beat as the trio continue watch after them, like they were from another planet. Wide shot. DAVID and SUZIE collect several bottles which sidewalk, put them in the pram and walk on with PETER.
21) 6) dialog: Okay. Here comes. Ready. DAVID's punch bounces off PETER's stomach.
21) 9) dialog: Steel alright. (Rubbing his fist.)
22) 0) text: An elderly receptionist types with one finger on an antiq sits in the narrow corridor, arms folded tightly. He woul else. On the wall opposite him a long line of faces - the rabbis of the synagogue stare down. PETER glances at the folded newspaper on the seat next to the front page - a photo of DAVID seated at the piano wit pointing at a score as if taking DAVID through a lesson. The elderly typist removes the sheet from the typewriter nods politely, then resumes his steely composure. The doo opens. PETER stands.
22) 2) dialog: Thank you Rabbi. They walk off. DAVID takes The Maccabean from him, noting copies of this latest issue. PETER puts his arm on DAVID' in, as if protecting him from an invisible foe. The RABBI goes back into his office.
23) 0) text: The POSTMAN rides along the street, past DAVID waiting ex gate. No mail today. DAVID watches after him, sighs.
24) 0) text: A chandelier glistens above the entry. DAVID and PETER en foyer is dripping with dignity and provincial social elit immediately set on by the hostess, MRS. BOKSER, a busy so
28) 0) text: PETER curses again in Yiddish. Rachel He only wants for David the same as you have always wante
29) 0) text: DAVID is asleep. A shadow falls across him. It's PETER. H there, burdened, watching over his sleeping son. He kisse forehead.
30) 0) text: DAVID bows to warm applause.
31) 0) text: DAVID takes a book from the shelf - it's on Russia. A GIR him through the shelves.
31) 2) dialog: Thank you.
31) 4) dialog: I'm David.
31) 7) dialog: So do you. She smiles warmly.
31) 9) dialog: Right here. PETER gives SONIA a charming smile.
32) 1) dialog: And I've never met a writer before, Mrs. Prichard.
32) 6) dialog: Oh yes, anything to help. klatherine I'd like that very much. david Me too.
33) 0) text: DAVID hurries out the front door excitedy at the sound of The POSTMAN finds a letter for DAVID in his satchel and h playfully dropping it into the letter box. DAVID grabs it it's come from.
33) 1) dialog: America! INT. HELFgOTT HOUSE - NIGHT David excitedly reads a letter from 'The Michleburg famil
33) 2) dialog: '…we have been informed of your exceptional talent and ca privileged we feel to have you come and stay with us'. PETER listens as he chops vegetables on a board, alongsid
33) 3) dialog: 'You will be pleased to know that we are having the Bosen for you.' PETER scoops the vegetables into a steaming pot.
33) 4) dialog: 'We eagerly await your innement -'
33) 7) dialog: 'Imminent arrival… And look forward to hearing you play f Simon and Basha Mickleburg.' PETER chops more vegetables - the simple words are like d mindful of his brooding silence.
33) 10) dialog: You're just jealous. PETER simmers…
33) 12) dialog: '… you'll enjoy the company of our parakeet and our poodl MArgaret Pig! It is not! She grabs the letter and DAVID tries to get it; all yelli off' around the room.
33) 13) dialog: Jealous, jealous, give it! Margaret Pig! Pig!
33) 17) dialog: Daddy?
34) 0) text: The house is in darkness. DAVID knocks. He's been running
34) 1) dialog: Mr. Rosen? No answer.
34) 2) dialog: Mr. Rosen. It's David. (He bangs at the door.) Please Mr. Rosen. Please… There's nobody home. DAVID slides down the door, clutchin bewildered. Cut to water rippling in the moonlight. DAVID's reflectio He watches the distortion of his face in the water, then after a moment the image settles again. He puts his head shoulders. Cut to underwater, DAVID's face, as bubbles escape from h are :
35) 0) text: We realize DAVID's face is underwater in the bath. He sur just stares, breathing awkwardly. PETER enters in a dressing gown. PEter Come on David, you have been long enough. Are you feeling all this nonsense. This is your home, this is where you b DAVID's POV: PETER peeling off his dressing gown singlet, no sound - it's like a dream. PETER goes to get in but st something in the bath that horrifies him.
36) 0) text: RACHEL is huddled with SUZIE, MARGARET and LOUISE in the Jewish community watches as DAVID sings from the Torah, t head bowed, almost cowering. ROSEN senses something is wrong. He looks across at PETER expression gives nothing away. Close-up: PETER, a man of steel.
42) 0) text: PETER stands over the bed where DAVID lies, facing away.
42) 6) dialog: Survive, Daddy… Peter That's right, David. No one will love you like me. You ca will always be there… always be with you, forever. Do you David Yes, Daddy, forever… They hug as we begin to pull back… looking down on them.
43) 0) text: ADULT DAVID sits on the floor in the middle of the room, amidst the mess of paper and music spread around him. He It's a crumpled old letter with distinctive letterhead: R DAVID peers myopically at it - we only glimpse a few word we are pleased to inform you…' Fade up - music, from the past - 'Sospiro' by Liszt. It c INT. TRAIN TUNNEL. DAY. THE PAST. The train exits a tunnel into bright strobing light.
45) 0) text: A photograph of DAVID is removed from a paper bag. It's D supremely confident.
45) 3) dialog: Full as a goog, Katherine; full as a goog.
46) 0) text: David plays the final bars of the Appassionata. When he f KATHERINE in front of several photos on the mantel, lost his palying.
46) 2) dialog: Is that good?
46) 4) dialog: Inexpressibly divine. Katherine Quite! He starts playing again.
46) 5) dialog: Tell me a story, Katherine. What story is it today? DAVID watches her - eyes closed, head swaying.
46) 7) dialog: Raindrops? KaTHERINE Yes, raindrops. DAVID's head sways as he plays the passage.
46) 9) dialog: The wind! Leaves flutter across the ground… Branches sway…
46) 10) dialog: The stream… Katherine - (V.O.) The river…
46) 11) dialog: The ocean, Katherine!
47) 0) text: The photograph of DAVID, now framed, is on the mantel. KATHERINE's VOICE … You are Krishna, Christ and Dionysus. In your beauty, t … The camera moves towards the piano, where DAVID is stoope top of his head until he lokos up and, we realize, years DAVID is now a young adult. He scribbles the words of the awed by their beauty as she continues to read.
48) 2) dialog: Good night, Katherine. She kisses him warmly. He ambles off, awkward as a puppy, Katherine Good luck, David.
50) 0) text: ANNOUNCER - (radio v.0., continued) …David Helfgott, who gave a stirring performof Rachmanino Piano in D Minor… KATHERINE looks at the framed photo of adolescent DAVID
51) 0) text: In the audience, PETER is anxious as the jury confers. RO Backstage, THE CONTESTANTS assemble in readiness, wishing An evnelope is handed to the ANNOUNCER who adjusts his bo the stage. DAVID shuffles nervously on the spot, standing focus is on the stage.
51) 1) dialog: It's a tough game isn't it, Roger?
52) 0) text: A framed photo of KATHERINE's father is on the mantel, am the one of DAVID as a bright adolescent.
52) 1) dialog: What was he like, Katherine? She looks up from her book. david Your father. She puts the book aside.
52) 7) dialog: Won't cuddle me Katherine, oh no. He wrings his hands full of anxiety.
54) 0) text: A fiery red sky. DAVID walks along, churning with anxiety the gloves out of the gladstone bag he's carrying. He dra off leaving the bag behind.
55) 0) text: DAVID enters quietly, makes his way through the darkness. PETER's VOICE Where have you been? A table lam is switched on to reveal PETER sitting there.
55) 1) dialog: I missed the train. PETER's eyes glow with hostility.
55) 7) dialog: I… I want to go; I'm going. You can't stop me. A terrible silence. Then PETER comes at DAVID like a lumb
55) 9) dialog: Daddy -
55) 11) dialog: Please Daddy -
55) 14) dialog: It's not Suzie's fault. DAVID charges forward, crashing PETER into the wall.
57) 0) text: You want to go? Go! Go on! He has DAVID in a headlock, choking him. They bang into t together in a fierce struggle. The photo of the rabbi cra Furniture is skittled - chess pieces scattered. Rachel (screams, in Yiddish) No! Stop! Stop! She bashes his arms with her fists trying to get him to l can't breathe. MARGARET tries to pull PETER away.
57) 6) dialog: I've been accepted by the Royal College of Music. DAVID is full of confusion.
57) 10) dialog: The door slams shut.
58) 0) text: DAVID runs, in a sweat, on the road to KATHERINE's. The h straight down on him. It blasts its horn as it swerves ar Cut to a blazing fire in:
59) 0) text: Music scores burn, school books, David's clothes… PETER t stokes the flames. Burning in the fire is the scrapbook - images of YOUNG DA flames.
60) 0) text: 'The Royal College of Music' - gold letters carved in sto ADULT DAVID looks up: we are back in the present. He abso building as he shuffles up the steps. Behind him, the mag Albert Hall. On the curb, GILLIAN is getting out of a taxi. When she l sign of DAVID. INT. RCOM CORRIDOR. DAY - The present DAVID shuffles along, past the practice rooms from where sound, merging into one another as DAVID continues on his of childish wonder. He hears something distinct… a piano. a practice room at the enf of the corridor. He peers thro panel, into: INT. PRACTICE ROOM. DAY - the present There's a female student practicing with her teacher. She the door a moment before it ducks out of sight. DAVID sneaks another impish look in… the quickly retreats slides into frame and retreats. As if by magic, when the face appears again, it's no long YOUNGER DAVID, longer hair falling in ringlets around his
61) 5) dialog: Whooaah, mustn't break the piano.
61) 7) dialog: Right! Swept up, DAVID bashes out some chords - PARKES stops him
61) 9) dialog: Not even slightly Mozart. PARKES plays (with his good hand) to demonstrate.
61) 13) dialog: Oh yes, I always agree.
61) 16) dialog: Well yes, the notes are, but not the feeling, the emotion
62) 0) text: A throng of students is going up the stairs. DAVID is com bumping into everyone.
62) 1) dialog: Sorry sorry, oops, beg pardon. You look lovely today, Sar
63) 1) dialog: 'All you need is friends', whoahhh. It's what the Beatles
64) 0) text: DAVID crosses to ASHLEY and ROBERT with a tray full of dr bums and grinds. They drink at DAVID's expense and puff o DAVID.
65) 0) text: DAVID walks along stuffing his mouth with choclate and Co sights. A transvestite with bright red-dyed hair and make dorrway - RAY.
65) 3) dialog: Ray? Ray! Raylene! Whooah, pleased to meet you. I'm David Ridiculous! RAY lights up the cigarette, then puts an arm around DAVI
66) 0) text: Close-up: the bobbing face of a pigeon. It coos. DAVID's sees the pigeon and coos back. His face has traces of mak jacket he's now wearing the lurex vest we say o on RAY. New angle. DAVID is curled up under a massive statue of a Nelson's column). Nearby a MAN hoses away bird shit. Wide shot. DAVID shuffles off in the early morning light, square.
67) 0) text: DAVID hurries down the corridor.
68) 0) text: Doors burst open and YOUNG DAVID tears down the corridor. past. He slides to a stop in front of a notice: 'CONCERTO (Patron: H.M. The Queen Mother)'. 'David Helfgott' is on the list of six pinned on the noti
69) 2) dialog: I'm never sure about anything, Mr. Parkes.
69) 4) dialog: A mountain! The hardest piece you could everest play. A moment. PARKES dares to even consider it.
69) 6) dialog: Whooahh, a duet! Sorry. He shuts the door, sits in the corridor and proceeds to p