3) 3) dialog: (stands) Chopin! The Polonaise! PETER smiles full of charm, and a little embarrassed at a applauds encouragingly then sits. DAVID’s hells click on the bare boards as he crosses to t centre-stage. HE adjusts his music. His bony legs barely difgets, looks into the spotlight. He takes a deep breath Chopin’s Polonaise in A Flat, the first few bars ring out surprising everyone - BEN ROSEN in particular. DAVID attacks the keys with such gusto that the piano inc his foot around the leg of the stool and drit in. He play again. He blurs some notes. Again he readjusts the stool pages of his score flutter to the ground but DAVID plays end. ROSEN watches the courageous performance with wry am backstage flustered. To the ANNOUNCER :
3) 4) dialog: The piano, it is disgraceful. The piano slews forward. DAVID stands and plays the final intensity.
4) 0) text: The expectant faces of two young girls loom large as they from their perch in a tree - MARGARET, 12, and SUZIE, 5. Suzie Did he win or lose? Along the street, DAVID walks a few paces behind PETER. Margaret He lost. DAVID jumps over the cracks in the pavement.
4) 3) dialog: You know, David, when I was your age, I bought a violin, violin, it was a beautiful violin. All listen to the stor Do you know what happened to it? DAVID glances at a photo of a stern rabbi high up on the
4) 5) dialog: You are a lucky boy. MY father never let me have music.
4) 8) dialog: (in Yiddish) Quiet. DAVID pokes a face at MARGARET. She does the same to him, to see. DAVID gallops the knight across the board. There’ door. MARGARET makes to go.
4) 9) dialog: Margaret! She stops.
4) 10) dialog: I told you, tell your friends not to come. She sits. There’s another knock which PETER ignores.
5) 7) dialog: (to ROSEN) Yes? Rosen You left before all the prizes were announced. DAVID appears behind PETER.
5) 12) dialog: A prize for losing! He pockets the money.
5) 14) dialog: (in Yiddish, to MARGARET) Stop, that is enough! She stops playing.
5) 16) dialog: (disdainful) They all play. Rosen I'm quite sure David could win lots of competitions with He offers a business card showing his qualifications.
5) 17) dialog: I teach him.
5) 19) dialog: Yes - and no one taught me; no music teachers Mr. Rosen.
7) 0) text: In the bedroom PETER wakes to the sound of the piano filt living area. He walks down the hallway, drawn by the sparse, haunting familiar: Rachmaninov's Third Piano Concerto. Entering th DAVID playing the piano in near darkness. DAVID struggles fingers across the keys, faltering to a stop … Peter Rachmaninov? David It's beautiful. PETER sits beside his son.
7) 1) dialog: You taught yourself? David From the record. Peter The record?
7) 3) dialog: One day you will play it, you will make me very proud. PETER hugs his small son.
7) 4) dialog: Next time, what are we going to do? David WE're going to win.
7) 5) dialog: We're going to win! (Kisses him.) Now go to bed. David Goodnight, Daddy. Moments later PETER takes a score from a battered suitcas Rachmaninov's Third Piano Concerto. IT's awesome in its c page. PETER positions it on the piano, then contemplates thickset, clumsy hands. The framed photo of the rabbi loo clenches his fists in frusturation.
8) 0) text: DAVID and PETER walk along a cobbled path. DAVID stops to in a large pond. PETER bustles him along to the frontdoor threatens. PETER rings the bell. DAVID smiles and goes to stops him with a look. The door is opened by ROSEN.
8) 1) dialog: I have decided I would like you to teach David. (Hands him some music.) This!
8) 3) dialog: He can play it already.
8) 5) dialog: You are a passionate man, Mr. Rosen. You will teach him,
8) 7) dialog: Rachmaninov is best. (No response.) But you are his teacher; I let you decide.
8) 9) dialog: I can't afford to pay. The door shuts, leaving PETER stranded. It starts to rain issues from inside.
9) 0) text: DAVID plays the scales. ROSEN spots PETER at the side win shuts the blind on him.
10) 0) text: PETER, in the raid,presses his ear to the window. The sou from:
14) 0) text: PETER bursts through the door, rushes up to ROSEN and kis
14) 1) dialog: We won. We won.
14) 3) dialog: Now he can play Rachmaninov. ROSEN sighs. DAVID takes centre stage. PETER watches from and the other contestants.
14) 5) dialog: He's my son!
14) 10) dialog: (from the wings) Everything. ROSEN settles PETER.
16) 1) dialog: I have no money to send David to America.
16) 4) dialog: What?
16) 6) dialog: Religion is nonsense.
17) 5) dialog: And this is not a nice family?
17) 7) dialog: You are very lucky to have a family! He stabs a look at the abandoned laundry baskey - no sign
18) 0) text: PETER's face appars over the rear corrugated iron fence w barbed wire running across the top. In the laneway MARGAR GANGLY YOUTH. Seeing PETER she pales.
20) 0) text: A rickety pram wheel wobbles along. Widen to reveal PETER dilapidated old pram down the ordinary suburban street, f SUZIE wearing grubby school uniforms. Several kids playing hopscotch stop as they see them appr path for the odd trio to pass. SUZIE looks down her nose the hopscotch without missing a beat as the trio continue watch after them, like they were from another planet. Wide shot. DAVID and SUZIE collect several bottles which sidewalk, put them in the pram and walk on with PETER.
21) 0) text: PETER straddles a large piece of scrap metal - the head o heaves it off the pram with a great sense of satisfaction metal and a stack of empty bottles in the corner of the y
21) 1) dialog: You see how fit I am, you see how strong?
21) 3) dialog: That's what happens when you get too close to the bars. He stands in a body-builder pose, barrel-chested.
21) 4) dialog: Come on David, hit me. Suzie Me!
21) 5) dialog: David, as hard as you can.
21) 8) dialog: Harder. Come on! (DAVID punches again.) You see. A man of steel.
21) 11) dialog: No one can hurt me! Because in this world only the fit su RACHEL watches from the laundry, sweating over the hot co side to the fun and games.
21) 12) dialog: The weak get crushed like insects. Believe me, if you wan you have to be fit and strong, like me.
22) 0) text: An elderly receptionist types with one finger on an antiq sits in the narrow corridor, arms folded tightly. He woul else. On the wall opposite him a long line of faces - the rabbis of the synagogue stare down. PETER glances at the folded newspaper on the seat next to the front page - a photo of DAVID seated at the piano wit pointing at a score as if taking DAVID through a lesson. The elderly typist removes the sheet from the typewriter nods politely, then resumes his steely composure. The doo opens. PETER stands.
24) 0) text: A chandelier glistens above the entry. DAVID and PETER en foyer is dripping with dignity and provincial social elit immediately set on by the hostess, MRS. BOKSER, a busy so
25) 0) text: PETER's voice can be heard raging inside. PETER - (V.o) These people are a disgrace!
26) 1) dialog: A disgrace. (A loud thump.) They think they are so important. (Curses in Yiddish.)
27) 0) text: Peter paces, like a caged lion, bursting with anger. Peter What do they know with their furs and their diamonds? It stomach. RACHEL is on the receiving end.
27) 1) dialog: And Rosen. Pah!
27) 3) dialog: What kind of man is he? He has no children. He's not marr to me about Rosen.
28) 0) text: PETER curses again in Yiddish. Rachel He only wants for David the same as you have always wante
28) 1) dialog: Don't ever compare me to him. What has he suffered? Not a does he know about families? Do you forget how your siste He thumps the wall by he photograph o RACHEL and her sist
28) 2) dialog: And my mother and father. (Yiddish.) Stupid woman. Stupid! Cut to later. PETER sits in near darkness, just staring i is looking at a scrapbook, articles and photos of DAVID t stunning career, including a photo with Isaac Stern. PETER stares, his mind turning the same thing over and ov
29) 0) text: DAVID is asleep. A shadow falls across him. It's PETER. H there, burdened, watching over his sleeping son. He kisse forehead.
31) 10) dialog: Excuse us. Ther eis someone important who wants to meet y
32) 3) dialog: As proud as a father can be. KATHERINE smiles.
32) 5) dialog: A suffering piano? Katherine From neglect. Perhaps you'd come and play it for me, Davi PETER goes to speak, but DAVID interrupts.
32) 8) dialog: You will learn much from this old woman, David. She has b As KATHERINE joins the SECRETARY up front, she smiles at
32) 9) dialog: (Nudges DAVID) Smile. Look happy.
33) 14) dialog: 
33) 16) dialog: Enough of this nonsense! DAVID pales as PETER tears the letter up. SUZIE cries.
33) 18) dialog: Forget it! You are not going. David is not going anywhere (Silence.) What are you looking at, you fools? He is not going to Am anyone destroy this family! David Daddy, but Daddy please -
33) 19) dialog: I know what is best, David. I know because I am your fath family. Stunned silence. DAVID runs out of the house.
33) 20) dialog: David! David come back - The door slams.
35) 0) text: We realize DAVID's face is underwater in the bath. He sur just stares, breathing awkwardly. PETER enters in a dressing gown. PEter Come on David, you have been long enough. Are you feeling all this nonsense. This is your home, this is where you b DAVID's POV: PETER peeling off his dressing gown singlet, no sound - it's like a dream. PETER goes to get in but st something in the bath that horrifies him.
35) 1) dialog: David! (He slaps David's head.) You animal. You disgusting animal. He slashes at DAVID with a white singlet, splashing water
35) 2) dialog: To shit in the bath. To do this to me. You callous boy. T DAVID barely reacts as the attack with the wet singlet co bare back, his head… water arcs across the small bathroom Just as suddenly as it started, it's over. PETER is gone. walls like blood. A drop forms on the flickering light gl just stares… in shock. Silence.
36) 0) text: RACHEL is huddled with SUZIE, MARGARET and LOUISE in the Jewish community watches as DAVID sings from the Torah, t head bowed, almost cowering. ROSEN senses something is wrong. He looks across at PETER expression gives nothing away. Close-up: PETER, a man of steel.
38) 0) text: In the hallway - ROSEN's silhouette through the opawue gl Reveal PETER, in the shadowy darkness, the outside world
41) 0) text: In the hallway - ROSEN's shadow disappears. The gate is h he leaves. PETER just stands there. The sound ofROSEN's car is heard headlights flicker across PETER's face.
42) 0) text: PETER stands over the bed where DAVID lies, facing away.
42) 1) dialog: David… (No reply.) David. My boy? Still you don't speak to me? Pause.
42) 2) dialog: It's a terrible thing to hate, to hate your fatehr. Silence. He sits on the bed.
42) 3) dialog: Life is cruel, but music, it will always be your friend. let you down in the end. Everything. Believe me. (Pause.) Please don't hate me David. He begins to cry. He sobs… DAVID looks at his father crying, full of confusion. Thei pulls DAVID up and hugs him. DAVID throws his arms around
42) 4) dialog: (in Yiddish) Don't hate me. PETER kisses DAVID repeatedly on the side of the face, al
42) 5) dialog: It's tough, life can be tough but you have to survive, sa
42) 7) dialog: Forever and ever…
42) 8) dialog: Forever and ever…
49) 0) text: Stagehands carefully position the grand piano onstage. Li being set for a performance. Cut to backstage, hands soak water, next to it is a score of Rachmaninov's Third. DAVI the water, the poise and confidence of his younger years shambling insecurity. He throws a nervous look around at A CELLIST warms up, a VIOLINIST paces, a CONTESTANT goes another pianist, ROGER, 25, warms up on an old upright pi Cut to the foyer. The audience assembles, waiting to go i the occasion is the 'ABC - NATIONAL CONCERTO COMPETITION' Arriving amidst the furs and jewellery, PETER is just ano Something draws his attention: BEN ROSEN on the stair. He Neither hids their contempt. ROSEN comments to his compan
51) 0) text: In the audience, PETER is anxious as the jury confers. RO Backstage, THE CONTESTANTS assemble in readiness, wishing An evnelope is handed to the ANNOUNCER who adjusts his bo the stage. DAVID shuffles nervously on the spot, standing focus is on the stage.
55) 0) text: DAVID enters quietly, makes his way through the darkness. PETER's VOICE Where have you been? A table lam is switched on to reveal PETER sitting there.
55) 2) dialog: That Prichard woman! DAVID goes to move away.
55) 3) dialog: What is this? The gloves DAVID's wearing. He takes a backward step.
55) 4) dialog: What? (Stands.) Look at me. Look at me! DAVID has no choice. PETER's eyes burn through him.
55) 5) dialog: David? DAVID slowly extracts the letter, backs away as PETER rea
55) 6) dialog: You think you can just do as you please? Huh?
55) 8) dialog: I am your father. Your father! Who has done everything fo callous boy! DAVID tries uselessly to fend him off.
55) 10) dialog: I am your father! He slaps DAVID around the head, kocking his glasses off.
55) 12) dialog: Stupid boy! SUZIE runs in and tries to pull PETER away.
55) 16) dialog: Get out of the way! He picks up a chair and throws it against the wall.
57) 0) text: You want to go? Go! Go on! He has DAVID in a headlock, choking him. They bang into t together in a fierce struggle. The photo of the rabbi cra Furniture is skittled - chess pieces scattered. Rachel (screams, in Yiddish) No! Stop! Stop! She bashes his arms with her fists trying to get him to l can't breathe. MARGARET tries to pull PETER away.
57) 2) dialog: He's alright, leave him. Catching his breath, he sees his terrified family, only n horror of what has happened. Silence. DAVID fumbles for his glasses. He picks up the c
57) 3) dialog: David, are you alright? Are you? PETER approaches, with remorse.
57) 4) dialog: Come on, David. David I'm old enough to make up my own mind. He backs away, into the corridor.
57) 5) dialog: (laughs) He thinks he's going to London.
57) 7) dialog: What do you think is going to happen to you in London? DAVID wipes his bloody nose, edges down the corridor. Peter David, listen to me. If you go, you will never be anybody lose a brother. Is that what you want? You want to destro david I'm sorry, sorry - He opens the door. RACHEL holds the girls, all crying. Peter If you love me you will stop this nonsense; you will not Don't make me do it! david …Sorry… peter David! DAVID steps over the threshold.
57) 8) dialog: You will be punished for the rest of your life!!
59) 0) text: Music scores burn, school books, David's clothes… PETER t stokes the flames. Burning in the fire is the scrapbook - images of YOUNG DA flames.