0) 1) text: His weird begaviour draws attention. Gillian (returning) It’s alright David, I’m right here. David Here - here Gillian, right here. The thing is I thought y She emanates calmness, warmth and is an endless source of instantaneous. DAVID settles … Gillian Where is there to go? David I don’t know darling, I don’t know, I’m hopeless without Gillian You’ve got your contacts in, silly. david  I’m a silly, it’s true, it’s true. A braying laugh. Whooahh! Gillian Shhhh. David Oooh, shhh - shhh, sorry darling, sorry - Gillian It’s alright. Stretch your legs. David Do you think so? Perhaps I should, perhaps I should stret stretch my legs? He stands. Gillian Good idea. David Good idea, that’s right - AIRPORT ANNOUNCEMENT : Flight 313 to London via Frankfurt 15 minutes - David  Whooahhh, London, Gillian, London! Gillian Yes … Shhh. David Shhh … He looks out the rain-spattered window at the flashing re aircraft being fuelled immediately outside the window. David Shhh, softly, softly, new story … Dissolve to iridescent neon raindrops coursing down a win somewhere, Suddenly a desperate face fills the frams. It’ twenties. The full head of hair, falling around his soaki this is years earlier; a sodden cigarette hangs from his off the end of his nose. He’s looking into ...
2) 0) text: TONY is driving. SYLVIA is in front, both laughing along David (a braying laugh) ‘Helfott’ - ‘with the help of God’ - that’s what it means You see, Daddy’s daddy was religious, vee-eery religious, of a meanie. But he got eterminated, didn’t he, so God di Whooahhh. Not very funny is it, Sylvia? Very sad, really aren’t I, such a meanie because I haven’t got a soul, is right isn’t it?
64) 0) text: DAVID crosses to ASHLEY and ROBERT with a tray full of dr bums and grinds. They drink at DAVID's expense and puff o DAVID.
65) 0) text: DAVID walks along stuffing his mouth with choclate and Co sights. A transvestite with bright red-dyed hair and make dorrway - RAY.
65) 1) dialog: Got a cigarette, love? david A cigarette love - love a cigarette. He offers the packet.
65) 2) dialog: I'm Ray.
65) 4) dialog: You're very friendly, aren't you David? David Friendly? Do you think so? That's very important isn't it ray If you say so, sweetheart. He steers innocent DAVID into an alleyway.
66) 0) text: Close-up: the bobbing face of a pigeon. It coos. DAVID's sees the pigeon and coos back. His face has traces of mak jacket he's now wearing the lurex vest we say o on RAY. New angle. DAVID is curled up under a massive statue of a Nelson's column). Nearby a MAN hoses away bird shit. Wide shot. DAVID shuffles off in the early morning light, square.