0) 3) dialog: Poor thing. Let him in. Tony He’s a derro’! sylvia He’s saturated. Resume DAVID’s POV as more words are exchanged then TONY the door to him. tony What’s the problem, mate? david (a hundred miles an hour) Sorry, sorry, sorry, mate, I’m the problem, I think I’m t problem. And wet! But it’s not an ideal world. Is it an i have to make the most of it, I mean, this is the way we f yeah-yeah-yeah! But it’s more ideal than it was, I mean, privileged, we’re privileged, we’re priviliged, aren’t we people would be burned to a steak wouldn’t they, er … He sees ‘MOBY’S’ embroidered on TONY’s tunic. Dvid Moby, yay Moby, pleased to meet you - Tony Tony. Who are you? David (hugs Tony) Tony, Tony not Moby Tony. Who am I Tony? Who knows Tony? Whooahh! David, I’m David, I’m David Tony … How does that sylvia Hello David. How can Sylvia help? David Sylvia? Is it Sylvia? How are you Sylvia? Good to see you He throws an arm around her neck as though greeting a lon david Sylvia Tony, Tony Sylvia. Sylvia What can we do for you, David? David Do for me, Sylvia, what, yes, got to stop talking, got to it’s a problem isn’t it? Is it a problem? sylvia It’s alright David; just tell Sylvia why you’re here. David Ahhhh! Well it’s a mystery, a mystery, a mystery - Sylvia Are you lost? David Am I lost? Perhaps that’s it. I’m lost, I’m lost, I’m los He sees the piano. David Ooh you have a piano. Is that your piano, Sylvia? Beautif Sylvia beautiful Tony? You too Tony. Perhaps I could play You say, you say. Sam Like hell baby. Sylvia Shut up, Sam. David (lurches towards SAM) Hell baby, the Devil, Diablerie Sam baby!
1) 0) text: SYLVIA’s old Humber belts past in the heavy rain.
2) 0) text: TONY is driving. SYLVIA is in front, both laughing along David (a braying laugh) ‘Helfott’ - ‘with the help of God’ - that’s what it means You see, Daddy’s daddy was religious, vee-eery religious, of a meanie. But he got eterminated, didn’t he, so God di Whooahhh. Not very funny is it, Sylvia? Very sad, really aren’t I, such a meanie because I haven’t got a soul, is right isn’t it?
2) 1) dialog: What do you mean?
11) 0) text: Heavy rain. Sylvia's car pulls up. She jumps out and open
11) 1) dialog: Come on David, Sylvia's getting wet. She drags him out.
12) 0) text: SYLVIA is appalled by what she sees. The room is littered rubbish, cigarette butts.
12) 1) dialog: Is this your room, David? David It's a room, it's a room, home sweet home. She looks at the piano - a battered honky-tonk, chipped k cigarettes. Sylvia You can play?
12) 3) dialog: How long have you been here?
12) 9) dialog: He showed up at my restaurant, seemed a bit lost.