15) 0) text: Aurora is in the kitchen, standing at the counter, cleaning up from dinner. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
15) 3) dialog: (with an accent) Yes, sir.
15) 5) dialog: (nodding) Yes.
15) 7) dialog: (a little uncomfortable) Yes, of course.
15) 9) dialog: Yes, sir. Thank you. He stands there for a moment, smiling, and then he turns away. She watches him as he goes.
16) 0) text: A lush flower garden. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 20 Aurora is cutting flowers, placing them into a basket. Gloria is standing nearby. She's wearing a large sun hat.
16) 2) dialog: (nervous ) Ay, sefora. (a beat) This is hard for me.
16) 4) dialog: (close to tears) I know. But for me to do this... She trails off, snips a flower off with her clippers.
16) 8) dialog: (softly) Yes.
16) 10) dialog: (regaining her composure) ...-What if Mr. Conovan doesn't want me?
23) 0) text: Tom is tooling around in his convertible. There's a bus stop ahead. As Tom gets closer to it, he sees Aurora sitting on the bench. She's wearing a nice, simple dress. Tom slows down and pulls over to the curb.
23) 2) dialog: I was going to get something to eat.
23) 4) dialog: Oh, no, that's okay. He leans over, opens the passenger side door. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 31
23) 7) dialog: What? He tugs on his seat belt.
23) 8) dialog: (a little embarrassed) Oh, yes. He watches, amused, as she struggles with the belt.
23) 10) dialog: Thank you, sir.
23) 12) dialog: (diffidently) I can't do that.
23) 14) dialog: (laughing) You, sir.
24) 0) text: Tom and Aurora are sitting at a table, sipping drinks.
24) 2) dialog: (smiling) Me too.
24) 4) dialog: Yo tambien.
24) 7) dialog: (touching his arm) No, no, I should not laugh. I'm sorry.
24) 10) dialog: (sheepishly) No.
24) 12) dialog: ...I came to this country by myself. I guess learning my way
24) 14) dialog: I'm still around. been here? Not that long. Twelve of us came over on a raft. like the water, I don't and I was afraid. But then I saw the lights of Miami...it was so beautiful. (a beat) I just wish my family could have come.
24) 16) dialog: (smiling) Yo tambien. Tom laughs.
25) 0) text: 25 Tom and Aurora are parked outside the bar. He leans toward her. Being this close The scent of her. The allure.
25) 1) dialog: (holding him No, I can't... to her is too much for him. He moves in for a kiss. off) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 34 He works his lips together as if tasting something he likes. He moves in again. She moves back again. She's running out of room.
25) 3) dialog: Please... (a beat) Just take me home.
25) 5) dialog: And tomorrow...? He gives her a wet smile.
27) 0) text: Shabby, anonymous furniture. Tom is in the bathroom. The door is half-closed. A narrow shaft of light slices out across the floor. Aurora sits in a chair in the corner. She seems nervous, scared. Glancing around, she notices the heavy curtains blocking the window. She gets up, goes to the window, parts the curtains. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 27
29) 0) text: The bathroom door opens. Tom comes out. It's time. Aurora turns around. He moves toward her. He looks into her eyes, smooths her hair back.
29) 3) dialog: (quietly) Yes.
37) 0) text: Gloria is talking with Aurora in the master bedroom. Aurora is clearly feeling mixed emotions about what she's done.
37) 2) dialog: Now you divorce him?
37) 4) dialog: (moved) Oh, sefiora. This means everything to me.
37) 6) dialog: ...Thank you.
39) 0) text: Darkness. We hear the click of a pull-string. A red light bulb is illuminated. We're in a makeshift darkroom. It's crowded with metal developing pans, bottles of chemicals, packages of photo paper, developer bath, stop bath, fixing bath. Beaumont slides a piece of photo paper into the developer bath. The paper sinks in the solution until it's submerged. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 39 40 44 Sweat rolls into his eyes. He wipes his forehead with a sleeve. Then, gently, he lifts a corner of the pan up and down so that the solution flows back and forth over the paper. Delicate work. By degrees, pale and indistinct forms appear on the paper. He examines them. A high-contrast black-and-white image materializes. It's Tom and Aurora, in the motel room. He smiles.
48) 0) text: A well-appointed conference room. John and Gloria are seated at a long table. John's nerves are clearly on edge. Gloria, looking cool in a fitted skirt suit, is preternaturally calm. Across the table, Tom is seated next to his attorney, SAM MASTERSON. He's a heavy man in his late fifties, sharply dressed in a custom suit. Tom flips through the photos of him and Aurora. His face is grim. He passes the photos to Masterson. Masterson glances at a couple of them, lays them on the table.
69) 2) dialog: (in a small, parched voice) I just want you to know, I --
69) 4) dialog: What?
69) 6) dialog: (contrite) Ten thousand dollars. And she promised to help bring my family here. She said they can live here, with her. He studies her for a moment, moves toward her. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 75 She lowers her head. Tears well up in her eyes. He gently raises her chin.
69) 8) dialog: (shyly) I only wanted to take care of my family. (a beat) But that night...that was real for me.
69) 11) dialog: (brightening) Really? She clasps her arms around his waist. He holds her for a moment, pulls away, goes to the bed, resumes packing. She stands there, watching him. After a moment, he turns his head. She smiles. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 76
73) 0) text: Aurora is packing the last of Tom's things for him. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 77 She notices a jewelry box sitting on the bureau. She goes over, hesitates, opens the box.
75) 0) text: Aurora scoops a pair of earrings out of the jewelry box. They glitter in the palm of her hand. She puts them on, almost reverently.
78) 0) text: Aurora is standing in front of the mirror, herself, admiring the earrings.
82) 0) text: John emerges from one of the rooms. Gloria is at the door, kissing him goodbye. She closes the door and he heads toward his car. Standing in the shadows, across the courtyard, watching everything, is Aurora -- or at least the woman we have come to know as such.
83) 0) text: Beaumont is at the wheel. Aurora is in the passenger seat. They're parked outside the racetrack. She hands him a thick envelope. He opens it. There's a packet of bills inside. He smiles and begins counting them.
84) 0) text: Tom strides out of his office building, carrying his attache case. He looks up and down the crowded street, then starts walking. After a moment, he blends in with dozens of other people. Men in tailored suits and women in stylish dresses. We notice one of those women now. Her hair is wrapped in a silk scarf, and her eyes are concealed behind dark sunglasses. As Tom passes her on the sidewalk, she turns around to look at him. She takes off her sunglasses. It's Aurora.
85) 0) text: Aurora walks down the hallway, coming from the back of the house, carrying a suitcase.
86) 0) text: Aurora sets her suitcase down. She looks around. There is a vase filled with fresh-cut flowers on a table. She moves the vase slightly, rearranges the flowers a little. She steps back and admires them. Tom comes down the stairs with his suitcase.
86) 2) dialog: (with an accent) Yes.
87) 0) text: Tom's car is parked out front. The top is down. Aurora is in the passenger seat. Tom has the trunk open. He tosses in the suitcases, then the golf clubs. He slams the trunk shut. He opens the driver's side door, gets into the car, closes the door, keys the ignition.
90) 0) text: As Tom drives, he glances over at Aurora.
90) 2) dialog: Wherever you want. I don't care.
90) 4) dialog: Yes. As long as I'm with you.
93) 0) text: Aurora sees Gloria's car approaching from the opposite direction.
94) 0) text: As the two cars pass each other, Gloria catches a glimpse of Aurora and Tom. She has a look of puzzlement, then confusion -- and then realization. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 93 85
95) 0) text: We end close on Aurora. She is looking straight ahead, and she is smiling. BLACK. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca