12) 0) text: A street lined with mirrored, shimmering buildings. Expensive condominiums and soaring commercial structures. Beaumont sits in his car, eyes fixed on the entrance of a tall office building across the street. He wears a desultory shave. His clothes are limp, unfresh. There's a half-eaten sandwich in a wrapper on the dashboard. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 16 TOM CONOVAN strides out of the building. He's a powerfully built man in his fifties, nicely dressed in a well-cut suit. He's carrying an expensive attache case. He looks up and down the crowded street, then starts walking. After a moment, he blends in with dozens of other people. Men in tailored suits and women in stylish dresses. Beaumont jots a few notes on a small pad. Sweat glistens on his round cheeks.
13) 0) text: A golden-hued mansion fanned by towering palm trees. Gloria's Mercedes is parked in the driveway. Tom's Cadillac convertible pulls in next to it.
14) 0) text: A wide sweep of emerald grass. Sunlight glitters off a spectacular pool. Gloria is in the water, swimming laps. She swims with a perfect crawl and a powerful kick. Tom comes out, walks down to the end of the pool. There's a glass-topped table with an umbrella and several deck chairs. He eases himself gingerly into one of the chairs and watches Gloria. She does a barrel turn, swims another length, and then climbs out of the pool. She's wearing a skintight racing style swimsuit, one piece, cut high on the legs. Water glistens off her lean, athletic body. She grabs a towel, pats herself dry.
14) 2) dialog: Got a meeting tonight, wanna change clothes. (conversationally) That a new suit? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 17
14) 5) dialog: No, I should go. He rubs his eyes. He's tired.
14) 7) dialog: Ah, it's this new high-rise. We're scheduled to break ground in about a month, but the construction loan hasn't closed yet.
14) 9) dialog: It's not that simple.
14) 12) dialog: (distracted) No. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 18 Aurora sets the tray down, turns, and heads back into the house. She moves with an easy sure-footed grace. As she walks away, Tom watches her. His nostrils flare. His eyes glaze. Gloria notes this.
14) 13) dialog: Who's that?
14) 15) dialog: She new?
14) 17) dialog: What happened to Maria? Gloria picks up her drink, takes a sip, holds the cool glass against her forehead.
14) 19) dialog: What about this one -- the pay the same?
15) 1) text: Tom, having just come home, walks past the kitchen. He's in a suit, his attache case in one hand. He stops and watches her. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 16 19 She leans over the sink, rinses a plate, loads it into the dishwasher.
15) 2) dialog: You like it here? She turns around, a little startled. After an awkward pause, she gives him a small, polite smile.
15) 4) dialog: Everything okay?
15) 6) dialog: Mrs. Conovan -- you getting along with her?
15) 8) dialog: (smiling) Good. (a beat) You have a problem, you can always come to me, okay?
21) 0) text: Tom and Gloria sit at opposite ends of the dining room table, which is set with fine china and crystal. They're finishing dinner. She pushes her food around on her plate.
21) 1) dialog: Not hungry?
21) 3) dialog: (with a wide, mean smile) (MORE )
21) 5) dialog: Guess you're at that age where you need to start watching what you eat. She rests her tanned arms on the table, gives him a jaundiced look.
21) 7) dialog: No, you go. Just don't buy anything.
21) 9) dialog: (laughing irritably) It must be rough on you, living in this house, wondering which dress you're gonna wear and which car you're gonna drive. You didn't have those problems when I met you. Who knows -- if we hadn't met, you might still be working as a stewardess. She fingers the stem of her wine glass, inspecting a crescent her lips have left on the rim.
21) 11) dialog: ‘Course not. You know better than to do that. She tucks her hair behind her ears. Her bejewelled earlobes glitter. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 29
21) 12) dialog: Nice earrings.
21) 14) dialog: I don't remember buying those for you.
21) 16) dialog: They expensive? She looks up slowly. There's a scornful expression around her mouth.
21) 18) dialog: I just wanna know where my money's going.
21) 20) dialog: (glowering) Yeah. Mine. He rises, walks away from the table. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 30
22) 0) text: Tom heads for the door. Gloria follows him.
22) 2) dialog: (terse) Out.
22) 4) dialog: Why, you gonna miss me? He walks out. She blinks, stands there, stares at the door.
23) 0) text: Tom is tooling around in his convertible. There's a bus stop ahead. As Tom gets closer to it, he sees Aurora sitting on the bench. She's wearing a nice, simple dress. Tom slows down and pulls over to the curb.
23) 1) dialog: Hey, where you headed?
23) 3) dialog: You want some company?
23) 5) dialog: Come on, I'll take you somewhere. Reluctantly, she gets into the car and closes the door.
23) 6) dialog: Fasten your seat belt.
23) 9) dialog: You look nice.
23) 11) dialog: You don't have to call me that. Call me Tom.
23) 13) dialog: (mock serious) Who's the boss?
23) 15) dialog: (smiling) Okay, then. Call me Tom. He drops the car into gear, and they pull away. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 24 32
24) 0) text: Tom and Aurora are sitting at a table, sipping drinks.
24) 1) dialog: (looking around) I like this place.
24) 3) dialog: How do you say "me too" in Spanish?
24) 5) dialog: (mangling it) Yo tambien. She laughs.
24) 6) dialog: (chuckling) That bad, huh?
24) 8) dialog: (amused) Don't be. She leans forward to sip her drink, revealing a bit more of what he can't help but notice.
24) 9) dialog: So, you have a boyfriend? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 25
24) 11) dialog: 33 I find that hard to believe, a girl as pretty as you.
24) 13) dialog: How long've you
24) 15) dialog: ..-Well, I'm glad you came.
25) 0) text: 25 Tom and Aurora are parked outside the bar. He leans toward her. Being this close The scent of her. The allure.
25) 2) dialog: Tell me what you want. Anything.
25) 4) dialog: I won't hurt you. I promise.
25) 6) dialog: Don't worry, sweetheart. You know the old song? Mafiana never comes.
27) 0) text: Shabby, anonymous furniture. Tom is in the bathroom. The door is half-closed. A narrow shaft of light slices out across the floor. Aurora sits in a chair in the corner. She seems nervous, scared. Glancing around, she notices the heavy curtains blocking the window. She gets up, goes to the window, parts the curtains. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 27
28) 0) text: Tom splashes a handful of water on his face. He grabs a towel, dries his face off. He looks at his reflection in the mirror. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 35
29) 0) text: The bathroom door opens. Tom comes out. It's time. Aurora turns around. He moves toward her. He looks into her eyes, smooths her hair back.
29) 1) dialog: (almost tenderly) It's okay. He takes her by the wrist, leads her to the bed, sits on the edge of it. She stands there as he admires the full swell of her breasts. She seems embarrassed. He cups her breasts in his hands and looks up at her.
29) 2) dialog: Is this all right...?
29) 4) dialog: Let's see what's underneath this... He reaches for the top button of her dress, unfastens it, and pauses. Then he unfastens the next button. He can see her bra now. Next button.
29) 5) dialog: (smiling) Could you...? She looks at him for a moment, then unfastens her dress so that it hangs loose on her shoulders. He reaches up and slips the dress down, just a bit, his eyes fixed on the tops of her breasts. She shrugs out of the dress and lets him pull it all the way down, until it's at her feet. She is wearing a modest white bra and panty set. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 36 He is mesmerized. Her figure is even more voluptuous than he had imagined. He puts his hands on her waist, kisses her stomach. His hands move over her skin. She's starting to realize how much power she has over him, but she isn't sure how to use it, or even how much she wants it. She's not immune to what he's doing to her, though. She likes it. She's standing with her back to us now. She reaches back and unclasps her bra, and the only thing that's keeping it in place is his grip on her breasts. He lifts his hands, and the bra slips off. He grips his arms around her back and pulls her down onto the bed.
33) 0) text: A beautiful morning. A blue sky fleeced with perfectly white clouds. Gloria, wrapped in a thick terry cloth robe, sits at the table by the pool. She sips a glass of orange juice. Tom comes out of the house. He's wearing suit pants without the jacket. He picks up his juice, takes a long swallow.
33) 2) dialog: (nonchalant) Ran into a friend.
33) 4) dialog: It was Stan Carlisle. Aurora comes out, carrying a serving tray. Gloria looks at her. Tom doesn't see her, because she's behind him.
33) 6) dialog: He's fine. Said to say hello.
33) 9) dialog: (gruff) Yeah. Aurora turns and heads back into the house. Tom throws his tie over his shoulder, starts eating. Neither one speaks for a moment. The only sounds are the tiny clicks of Tom's knife and fork against his plate.
33) 11) dialog: Why?
33) 13) dialog: Really? How'm I acting?
33) 15) dialog: (irritably) What?
33) 17) dialog: (caught off guard) What're you talking about?
33) 19) dialog: (muttering) Christ... (a long sighing exhalation) I don't need this. Not this morning. He rises, walks away. Gloria watches him go.
39) 0) text: Darkness. We hear the click of a pull-string. A red light bulb is illuminated. We're in a makeshift darkroom. It's crowded with metal developing pans, bottles of chemicals, packages of photo paper, developer bath, stop bath, fixing bath. Beaumont slides a piece of photo paper into the developer bath. The paper sinks in the solution until it's submerged. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 39 40 44 Sweat rolls into his eyes. He wipes his forehead with a sleeve. Then, gently, he lifts a corner of the pan up and down so that the solution flows back and forth over the paper. Delicate work. By degrees, pale and indistinct forms appear on the paper. He examines them. A high-contrast black-and-white image materializes. It's Tom and Aurora, in the motel room. He smiles.
42) 0) text: Tom is at the front door, trying to fit his key into the lock. It isn't working. He rattles the knob, leans on the doorbell. We hear distant chimes.
42) 2) dialog: (into intercom) My key's not working.
42) 4) dialog: What's going on?
42) 6) dialog: Let me in. There is no response.
42) 7) dialog: Come on... (a beat) We can discuss this.
42) 9) dialog: Open the goddamn door! He pounds on the door again, then steps back and stares at it. He blinks with vacant eyes. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 48
47) 0) text: Tom is unloading gear and supplies from the trunk of his car. A sleek ocean-going yacht is tied up at the dock behind him. A car wheels into the parking lot. A man gets out. He walks up to Tom.
47) 2) dialog: Yeah. The man flourishes a sheaf of typewritten pages.
48) 0) text: A well-appointed conference room. John and Gloria are seated at a long table. John's nerves are clearly on edge. Gloria, looking cool in a fitted skirt suit, is preternaturally calm. Across the table, Tom is seated next to his attorney, SAM MASTERSON. He's a heavy man in his late fifties, sharply dressed in a custom suit. Tom flips through the photos of him and Aurora. His face is grim. He passes the photos to Masterson. Masterson glances at a couple of them, lays them on the table.
48) 14) dialog: Gloria, for God's sake. Can't we talk about this?
54) 0) text: John stirs and wakes up. He's alone in the bed. He scrubs at his eyes with his knuckles, looks around. The bathroom door is open and the shower is running. He swings his feet to the floor, sits on the edge of the bed, hunches forward. He notices a framed photo on the nightstand. The photo shows Tom and Gloria standing on a sunstruck beach. Tom's wearing a long beach robe, and Gloria is in a swimsuit. John traces his finger down Gloria's leg. Then his eyes shift over to Tom, whose head is thrown back slightly. Tom is laughing.
55) 0) text: A couple of seagulls wheel around lazily over the water. Tom's car pulls up. He gets out. He's wearing a T-shirt, a pair of shorts, deck shoes. He has a few days of beard on his face. He walks out onto the dock, pauses to admire his boat. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 59
55) 3) dialog: Who are you?
56) 0) text: Tom and Beaumont sit at the stern, each with a beer.
56) 2) dialog: How much? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 60
56) 4) dialog: How much?
56) 6) dialog: What -- some pictures?
56) 8) dialog: (watchful) What do you mean, "set-up"?
56) 10) dialog: (staggered) .+-The girl was in on it?
56) 12) dialog: (nonplussed) ..-No.
56) 14) dialog: She was waiting for a bus. We wound up going to a bar... (a beat) How'd you know where we were?
56) 16) dialog: (thinking out loud) I wonder how much Gloria's paying her.
56) 18) dialog: Would you be willing to give a deposition?
56) 20) dialog: All right. I'll call my lawyer, see if I can get an extension on the hearing. (draining his glass) You bring me the pictures, we'll talk about money.
57) 0) text: Tom's car is parked next to Beaumont's. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 62
58) 0) text: Beaumont sits quietly in the driver's seat as Tom pores over a series of 8 x 10 black-and-white photos. The photos, taken through a telephoto lens, show John and Gloria in bed. Tom slowly flips through the photos. He turns and gazes out the window.
58) 1) dialog: (bemused) You know, a month after we met, she said we should get married. I said, Don't you want to get to know me a little more? She said, Why, does it get better? (laughing bitterly) My family never liked her. We had a small wedding. Flew down to Santo Domingo, hired a local band, got married on the beach. She said she didn't want a thing in the world except to be with me... Beaumont pats his pockets, takes out a roll of antacid tablets. He pops a couple into his mouth and chews them. He grimaces.
58) 4) dialog: What?
58) 6) dialog: What're you suggesting?
58) 8) dialog: Like what?
58) 10) dialog: (laughing) And how do you propose I get that?
58) 12) dialog: (skeptical) Really.
58) 14) dialog: Such as...? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 64
58) 16) dialog: When could I have it by?
58) 18) dialog: ...All right... He gets out of the car.
64) 0) text: An empty parking lot. Tom's car turns in. As the car's headlights sweep across the lot, they briefly throw light on Beaumont's car, which idles unobtrusively in the darkness. Tom parks, gets out. Beaumont rolls his window down.
65) 0) text: Tom settles himself into the passenger seat. He glances at Beaumont, who's rumpled and sweating.
65) 4) dialog: You ever been married?
65) 6) dialog: It does strange things to people.
65) 8) dialog: Marriage has got nothing to do with happiness. Beaumont laughs at this. His amusement is genuine and unalloyed.
65) 10) dialog: (unsmiling) Yeah, I do. (a beat) You have something for me? Beaumont dips into his jacket pocket with two fingers, pulls out a tape. He hands it Tom.
65) 12) dialog: You're not gonna count it?
65) 14) dialog: Here. Get your car washed. He gets out of the car.
66) 0) text: A large, richly decorated office. Tom sits across from Masterson. He has just slapped the tape on the desktop, next to the photos of John and Gloria.
66) 2) dialog: Yeah.
66) 7) dialog: Which means...? Masterson leans back in his chair.
66) 9) dialog: What about the tape. Is it admissable in court?
66) 11) dialog: (skeptical) Why not?
66) 13) dialog: (thinking) ».--Can you get me a court order so I can get into the house, pick up some of my stuff? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 66 67
66) 16) dialog: (rising) Today.
69) 0) text: Tom is in the master bedroom. There is an open suitcase on the bed. A stylish one-suiter. He's hastily packing some clothes. The phone starts ringing. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 74 He looks at it. He decides to let the answering machine pick up. After a beep:
69) 3) dialog: (shortly) -- How much is she paying you?
69) 5) dialog: My wife. How much is she paying you, to do what you did?
69) 7) dialog: (softening) It's okay. She gives him an honest, steady look.
69) 9) dialog: God, you are sweet. He wipes her tears with his fingertips.
69) 10) dialog: Don't worry about your family. I can help them.
72) 1) dialog: Look who's here. John turns around. Tom is coming around the corner. He has a caddy bag slung over his shoulder. It's filled with golf clubs. He sets the bag down, walks toward John.
72) 2) dialog: What brings you here?
72) 4) dialog: Well, this is still my house...
72) 6) dialog: (smiling) I've got a court order giving me permission to collect my belongings. Wanna see it?
73) 0) text: Aurora is packing the last of Tom's things for him. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 77 She notices a jewelry box sitting on the bureau. She goes over, hesitates, opens the box.
74) 2) dialog: Long as I want. Why -- she on her way home?
77) 7) dialog: (smug) Hi, sweetheart. How ya doin'?
77) 9) dialog: Get to what? I just want to say hi. Nothing wrong with that, is there?
77) 11) dialog: (sing-song) I know something you don't. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 77 78
77) 13) dialog: You know, I never did thank you...
77) 15) dialog: For Aurora. She makes me feel young again. I don't know how I could ever repay you. He snaps the phone shut and tosses it back catches it, a little bewildered.
79) 0) text: Tom walks slowly over to the caddy bag. He club, inspects it, makes a couple of short
79) 1) dialog: ..-You know, in business, there's a risk that the people who are closest to you will betray you. It's happened to me; somehow, I've always found a way to get satisfaction. But what you did to me wasn't just business. And so I find myself looking to the outer edges of acceptable behavior to make myself feel better... 79 to John. John 77 looking at 78 pulls out a swings. Suddenly, Tom rears back and swings the golf club squarely into John's midsection. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 80 John folds over, howls in pain and drops to the ground.
79) 2) dialog: (building) How'd it happen? John tries to crawl away, hissing his agony through clenched teeth.
79) 3) dialog: She come to you? Talk you into it? Tom draws his lips back in a snarl, tightening his grip on the club.
79) 4) dialog: What did she tell you -- that I was a terrible husband? (a beat) That you were meant for each other? (a beat) What kind of promises did she make? He raises the club over his head, then smashes it down on the glass-topped table. The glass explodes. He's breathing heavily now. He has a hard, implacable look on his face.
79) 5) dialog: (grinning humorlessly) Look at you. (a beat) You know, I almost feel sorry for you... He heads into the house, still holding the club. John rolls around, breathing in rasping gulps. BLACK. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 81
84) 0) text: Tom strides out of his office building, carrying his attache case. He looks up and down the crowded street, then starts walking. After a moment, he blends in with dozens of other people. Men in tailored suits and women in stylish dresses. We notice one of those women now. Her hair is wrapped in a silk scarf, and her eyes are concealed behind dark sunglasses. As Tom passes her on the sidewalk, she turns around to look at him. She takes off her sunglasses. It's Aurora.
86) 0) text: Aurora sets her suitcase down. She looks around. There is a vase filled with fresh-cut flowers on a table. She moves the vase slightly, rearranges the flowers a little. She steps back and admires them. Tom comes down the stairs with his suitcase.
86) 1) dialog: Is that all you have? She smiles. Her bejewelled earlobes glitter.
86) 3) dialog: Let's go.
87) 0) text: Tom's car is parked out front. The top is down. Aurora is in the passenger seat. Tom has the trunk open. He tosses in the suitcases, then the golf clubs. He slams the trunk shut. He opens the driver's side door, gets into the car, closes the door, keys the ignition.
90) 0) text: As Tom drives, he glances over at Aurora.
90) 1) dialog: ...So, where do you wanna go? She rests a hand on his neck.
90) 3) dialog: ...Really?
94) 0) text: As the two cars pass each other, Gloria catches a glimpse of Aurora and Tom. She has a look of puzzlement, then confusion -- and then realization. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 93 85