15) 0) text: Rusty continues to listen to his headset. We pan over to FRANK CATTON seated opposite him.
16) 0) text: The penthouse apartment. It takes the entire floor and ha 360 degree view. Right now, all of the furniture inside o is being taken away by movers. Frank enters frame.
16) 2) dialog: We stole that money fair and square. You bought people off to find me. You took advantage during an economic downturn, and made them say some shit they shouldn't have said. It's not fair, it's not just, and it aint' cool. A long beat. Benedict stares back at him. FRANK (cont'd)
17) 0) text: Frank takes us to Livingston.
27) 15) dialog: See, you're not hearing me. What I'm trying to tell you is the reservations agent made a mistake when she issued the ticket, because on the rare occasions that I fly commercially, I always book a first- class ticket with no restrictions-- The desk agent looks back at him skeptically.
27) 17) dialog: Now, listen: Don't make me get black.
28) 0) text: Frank stands with his arm outstretched, shoes and belt of Two TSA officers run metal detecting wands over every inc his body. Three more guys pick through his luggage: they squeeze toothpaste from his Sensodyne tube, sniff his hai products, unroll his "tighty-whitey" briefs.... PAN to REVEAL that Basher is getting the exact same treatment, right next to him. They exchange looks. REVERSE ANGLE: the rest of the group stands sipping iced lattes from Starbucks and watching the show. Reuben walks
39) 18) dialog: That's not good news, that's really good news.
41) 4) dialog: Just...don't call the guy a freak, okay? Everyone turns and looks at Frank like he's a freak. FRANK (cont'd)
41) 11) text: Okay, so we know what we can't do... Frank stews. DANNY (cont'd)
44) 35) dialog: We can't tilt a whole house.
46) 0) text: FIND Frank and Livingston inside manning a series of industrial water pumps. They're grimy and covered in swea Rain drips through the deck above them.
46) 2) dialog: When?
49) 0) text: Frank sits watching TV. Livingston enters with groceries.
49) 1) dialog: Jay Leno called.
50) 5) dialog: Bring that orange juice.
57) 11) dialog: (joining)
57) 27) dialog: He said he got here first.
58) 2) dialog: It's going to get out, you know. People are going to find out.
58) 6) dialog: I believed him.
58) 9) dialog: I'm not saying anything, but the man was sitting there, waiting for us.
62) 54) dialog: Great.
74) 5) dialog: We need to teach him a lesson.
74) 13) dialog: Then why did you make that trip down there in the first place, if you didn't want to get into something?
84) 5) dialog: Hell, this could go on forever.
84) 11) dialog: (new lease on life)
89) 0) text: Frank and Yen look at an "authorized-entry only" door as member of the museum staff goes through it. The door has complex double-locking mechanism that would make it impossible to pick. Yen says something in Chinese.
89) 1) dialog: What? Yen says something in Chinese, again.
89) 2) dialog: Well, I don't know, but that's one nasty lock. Danny approaches.
89) 4) dialog: We thought he was with you.
92) 0) text: A mock up of the room the egg will be displayed in. A dum egg sits on a cradle in the center of the room. Infra-red motion detectors cover the room. Motion sensitive lasers shine directly onto the egg. Danny, Basher, Yen, Frank, and Livingston try to figure o how to get around the security systems.
92) 2) dialog: Look, if we're having this much trouble, and we've got ten guys Toulour must be pulling his hair out.
92) 12) dialog: Are you back on?
123) 0) text: Tess, as Julia Roberts, steps out of a Mercedes limo wear sunglasses and carrying a puppy. Frank and Basher, as Nat of Islam bodyguards, clear a place in front of her. Reube trails, dressed in the latest hip-hop clothes. A throng of fans and paparazzi rush toward her. Strobes blind us. Fans scream out her name, thrust paper and pen her for autographs. It's a frigging madhouse.
125) 13) text: Okay, fine. You want to shut down half the electronic system, let me post eight cops in the room... Saul, Frank, and Rusty clench teeth and fists... On pins needles for a moment. If the museum director agrees they' in big trouble.
125) 15) text: On Saul, Frank, and Rusty relaxing. Only this angle has a digital quality to it -- because we are watching them now through a hi-def TV screen. PULL BACK to REVEAL Toulour, sitting in a warehouse of hi own, watching his own surveillance footage of both our gu warehouse and the museum's closed circuit system.
133) 0) text: Reuben is talking to Yen. Frank and Livingston get ready the background.
133) 2) dialog: Reuben, what are you doing?
137) 0) text: "Julia" arrives flanked by her "Nation of Islam" guards, Frank and Basher. The assembled employees clap and call h name. She waves as they take her picture. Topher throws his arm around Julia to make sure he gets i all the shots. The Museum Director comes up to greet "Julia".
166) 0) text: Frank and Yen buy magazines. Yen has a copy of an ITALIAN TABLOID. The headline screams CO-STAR SAYS JULIA MARRIAGE TROUBLE. A sub-headline reads HER ADDICTION TO PAINKILLER RIPPING THEM APART.