24) 0) text: Basher takes us to Linus.
25) 0) text: Linus looking from the front seat to the back, talking to Benedict.
25) 1) dialog: I'm responsible for myself. I have my own life and my own plans. I've never asked for anything but a fair shake. We make a deal, I stick to the deal. He turns forward, thinking. Then after a beat, he turns b to Benedict.
25) 5) text: I just need to be absolutely clear that we have an understanding: If you contact my father, I'll kill myself, and you'll never get the rest of your money. Benedict nods. Linus turns forward and exhales, relieved.
26) 0) text: Linus takes us back to Danny. The train hurtles onward.
28) 15) dialog: Ground level. First floor. Day one. Planning stages. (beat)
28) 24) dialog: Hey. You guys have a minute?
28) 27) dialog: Well, I know this may not be the exact right time to bring this up, but I've been thinking about...well, about where I want to be in five years, career-wise, and I've decided I really want to be more than just a role-player. I really see myself as kind of an idea man, like you guys. I mean, I know you do your part and you're in the trenches with us and all, but it's really your show, and like I said, five years from now, I want to be running my own show.... Danny and Rusty exchange a look...then look back at Linus
28) 32) dialog: So if there's any opportunity for me to be involved in the, you know, planning stages of things, I would really appreciate it. I really feel like I'm ready for more responsibility and that I could really make a contribution. Rusty turns to Danny.
28) 37) dialog: Are you serious?
28) 39) dialog: This isn't some gag?
28) 41) dialog: Wow. Yeah. That would be awesome.
28) 43) dialog: Man. I wasn't sure if I should say anything. Now I'm glad I did.
28) 49) dialog: Great. Thanks. Really. You won't regret this. Linus leaves. Danny and Rusty put their headphones back o Now they look content. Basher and Frank watch Linus go.
31) 3) dialog: Wait a minute. That's it?
31) 5) dialog: Look, you guys no frills, no perks, run-and-gun, all that stuff, and I said no problem because I believed you were right that we shouldn't go deeper into debt and spend money we don't have. I mean, am I the only one who thinks this might actually be a good thing? That we could use a little humility? That maybe we were a little too pleased and impressed with ourselves after the Benedict job? Okay, I grant you that maybe this isn't what we deserve, but maybe it's what we need. We can do this. No, I take it back: We have to do this. A long beat.
37) 0) text: Danny and Rusty lead an obviously eager Linus towards a coffee house.
37) 3) dialog: Right.
37) 5) dialog: I won't. Danny and Rusty nod. Okay. 44   INT. COFFEE HOUSE -- CLOSE ON EVELYN. Who is obviously a MAN IN DRAG. Linus looks to Danny and Rusty but they give him nothing.
37) 14) dialog: O let the sun beat down upon my face, stars to fill my dreams. I am a traveler of both time and space, to be where I have been. Danny and Rusty stare at Linus like he's nuts, like he's cracked. Evelyn's entire expression changes.
38) 0) text: Linus cools his heels.   Danny and Rusty emerge from insi
38) 4) dialog: "Deal?"   What "deal?" Danny and Rusty just look at him. LINUS (cont'd)
38) 5) text: I know what you guys are doing. Danny and Rusty exhange looks. What? LINUS (cont'd)
38) 6) text: Look. That...person had too many cupcakes. They just keep staring at him. LINUS (cont'd)
38) 11) dialog: Guys, I'm not falling for this. I'm not.... But Danny and Rusty aren't laughing.    They look pissed. Seriously pissed.
38) 15) text: I mean... Danny and Rusty just look at him.      Linus squirms. LINUS (cont'd)
39) 14) dialog: Thanks.
41) 13) dialog: Okay, here's something...I've got an idea...suppose we--
41) 15) dialog: Well, but how--
41) 17) text: Is that what you were thinking about? Linus nods.
41) 25) dialog: What?
41) 42) dialog: What's a Schuman Special?
43) 0) text: Danny looks at a diagram of the safe they'll have to crac when they get inside Vanderspeigle's house, the safe that contains the "Vanderspeigle Getuigschrift". Everyone but Linus and Rusty are here. But then Rusty comes in.
43) 9) dialog: Can I talk to you guys for a second? They nod and allow Linus to pull them into the corner. Li looks over at the group and then turns to 'them.
43) 10) dialog: Listen, I've done a little research on the Schuman Special, and uh...we don't have line of sight for the shot.
47) 13) dialog: She steals the money from Mr. Mulroney. They turn to look at Linus, sawing nearby.
47) 19) dialog: To pay Franklin to keep quiet. Turk and Virgil think about that. Linus keeps sawing.
57) 0) text: They enter Vanderspeigle's office. You can hear him snori in the other room. Danny and Rusty quickly, carefully rem the crossbow bolt from the wall and take it to the window They drop it (and the attached wires) to the Malloys, who waiting on the street below. Meanwhile Linus spackles the hole in the wall and paints the spackle. Danny and Rusty turn to see that Linus is finished. They hand-signal each other like Special Forces guys do, then towards the bookcase on the adjacent wall.
57) 22) dialog: We've incurred some very serious costs here. Danny and Rusty look at him.
57) 23) dialog: Well, we have. The Malloys arrive.
58) 10) dialog: Do you think the cops even know who this guys is?
58) 22) dialog: Who's LeMarc? Stunned silence from the guys. They won't even respond. Yen says something.
62) 12) dialog: "Robert?"    Is that his real name? Virgil and Turk shrug.
62) 13) dialog: How does she know that?
62) 52) dialog: Was he good?
69) 6) dialog: Some say he's one of these guys that thinks because he was born in a penthouse, he controls the elevator business. Others say he turned out okay when you consider how rich his parents were.
69) 8) dialog: Father was a big-time industrialist, got into the cellphone market on the ground floor. Mother inherited. Had maids as a child. He's a public figure, people know who he is. He's been rumored to run for office in Spain, even though he doesn't appear to live there.
69) 18) dialog: He's an avid golfer, pro-level tennis player, and inveterate gambler. But apparently his favorite pastime is.... Linus trails off.
70) 1) dialog: He's rarely alone. I think it's a compulsion. I have a list of names here...it was just the first week.
84) 23) dialog: What?
90) 2) text: And where's Saul and Linus?
96) 13) text: Okay, take it easy over there. Saul and Linus enter.
96) 15) dialog: We thought someone was following us.
111) 0) text: Linus and the Malloys walk through the museum.
111) 1) dialog: When Dominique goes back with Thomas to check the trunk, the money shouldn't be in the briefcase. Franklin should have double-crossed them.
112) 1) dialog: She just walked in there like Patton or something. She's changing...everything and-- There were so many cops with her. I've never seen so-- Danny plats up his hand to stop him.
112) 5) dialog: I don't understand. If her father was a thief...why's she such a hardass? I mean you'd think she'd have a little sympathy for us.
135) 0) text: Reuben (dressed in a hip-hop outfit) and Linus (dressed l an agent) stand in front of some paparazzi. A crowd of museum employees also rubberneck.
141) 0) text: Yen ENTERS FRAME -- dressed like a pretentious grunge roc He whispers Chinese into a bullhorn. Theoretically he's speaking to his crew (Danny, Saul, and Livingston in lame disguises) telling them where to set u the camera, lights, and flags. Each "crew member" carries an odd-looking oversized "ligh meter". Upon closer examination we can see that each devi has a small TV screen on it -- which is tapped into the museum's closed circuit system. The guys are carefully placing their flags and lights so as to block the view of egg from each of the eight cameras on the ceiling of the gallery. "Studio Execs," Reuben and Linus go to "Julia."
141) 7) text: So stupid! (turns to Linus as if it's his idea)
147) 0) text: Molly swaggers down a hallway, followed by Isabel and Giordano. She stops at an observation window and looks through it to see Danny, who is handcuffed to a chair, awaiting interrogation. His expression is impassive. She moves on to the next window: Yen. Same impassive expression. She continues down the line, Reuben, Livingst and Saul. Each has the same impassive expression. Through the final window she sees Linus...
148) 0) text: Molly sits face-to-face with Linus. Isabel and Captain Giordano stand in the corner and observe.
148) 3) dialog: What do you want?
148) 5) dialog: I can't do that.
149) 0) text: Linus is bundled into the back of the SUV. Agent Starr ge in next to him. She motions to the driver. They pull out.
151) 0) text: Linus stares morosely at the headrest in front of him. A long, long beat...then he turns to Agent Starr:
151) 1) dialog: Did you tell Dad? Before "Agent Starr" answers the agent in the passenger s turns around. It's Clint Eastwood.
153) 0) text: The motorcade of FBI SUV's pulls through the security gat and drives toward a US government Gulfstream parked on th flight line. Isabel watches with Captain Giordino and Commander Andrio Linus, Saul, Yen, Livingston and Reuben get out of the SU all of them beaming. They hug Linus's mom and dad and mou the steps to the plane. Then Rusty gets out, says goodbye everyone, and heads for Isabel.
160) 0) text: In motion. We start on the Backpack Kid, who is reading a book. The Backpack is beneath his legs. Next to him sits LINUS. Across from him is one of the Normal-Looking Guys. other Normal-Looking Guy is a row away, facing him. Linus looks at the door of the car.
160) 2) dialog: Looks down at his copy of the French FHM.
160) 7) dialog: Puts his magazine away.
160) 10) dialog: (in French)
160) 11) text: He's completely drunk. The BackPack Kid nods his head. Linus goes back to his bo We drop down to see HIS BACKPACK also beneath his feet.
161) 0) text: Linus walks through the terminal, backpack over his shoul Suddenly he stops and kneels to tie his shoelace. Saul, seeing this and reacting, splits off into another direction.
162) 0) text: Linus and Saul approach the group.
162) 2) dialog: We thought someone was following us.
167) 0) text: In First Class. Basher and Saul tip champagne glasses. Virgil, Turk, and Linus all crack open copies of their st to read.