17) 0) text: Frank takes us to Livingston.
18) 0) text: Livingston performs a stand-up routine.
18) 1) dialog: How many people here tonight were stupid enough to have children? A few people raise their hands. LIVINGSTON (cont'd)
18) 2) text: Wow. No, seriously, that's great. I have a child. A daughter. She's five. They get to you, right? Am I right? Like emotionally. I mean, sometimes she'll turn to me with her little face and her little shiny eyes, and she'll say, "Daddy, please stop hitting me," and it just breaks my heart.' People aren't sure what to make of this. LIVINGSTON (cont'd)
18) 3) text: I'm Livingston Dell. Thanks for listening. See you at ten. Livingston strides off stage as we see that he is at the Bellagio, in the lounge. Benedict and the Power Twins are waiting for him. Somehow he isn't surprised. LIVINGSTON (cont'd) (to Benedict)
19) 0) text: Livingston takes us to Saul Bloom, reading the Racing For
27) 0) text: Livingston hands his passport to a KLM AGENT.
27) 1) dialog: Flight 144 to Amsterdam. JUMP CUT TO the agent handing Livingston his boarding pas
27) 3) dialog: Uh...there must be some mistake. I mean...unless...is your first class section in the back of the plane? The agent looks back at him, confused.
28) 16) text: Planning stages. We move on to find Livingston, who grabs Turk by the arm.
28) 17) dialog: How'd he get that seat?
31) 1) dialog: How could he lie to us like that?
39) 15) dialog: What do we know so far?
39) 24) dialog: So he's never been out of his house? Ever?
39) 31) dialog: Can we tap into the system from the outside through the phone lines?
41) 27) text: A Schuman Special. (then to Livingston)
41) 28) text: Livingston--
41) 29) dialog: Absolutely. I mean, I'd need a day to--
42) 0) text: Livingston uses a mock up of the alarm panel as a visual
42) 1) dialog: (to Basher)
44) 41) dialog: And he only had a crew of six.
46) 0) text: FIND Frank and Livingston inside manning a series of industrial water pumps. They're grimy and covered in swea Rain drips through the deck above them.
46) 1) dialog: So, Basher approached me about being on a crew.
46) 3) dialog: Yesterday. Frank thinks about that. Yen pops his head out from a small tube and says somethin Chinese. Frank shrugs...doesn't understand. Yen tries again.... Th time he enunciates very clearly and talks very loudly (li Americans do when foreigners don't understand English). Frank nods, starts turning the handle of the water pump i the opposite direction. Yen climbs down out of the tube. Then he climbs back up the tube. He picks up a jack in th corner. Climbs back in the tube.
49) 0) text: Frank sits watching TV. Livingston enters with groceries.
49) 2) dialog: When are you gonna stop with that tired "white people can't be funny stuff"? It's so old, Frank, really. Do you want some orange juice? I got the good kind. Just then they are interrupted by Danny's voice on a walk talkie.
49) 5) dialog: This is Augie One; Go Condor.
57) 31) dialog: If the situation were reversed--
58) 4) dialog: The question is who trained him. He got into that place alone.
58) 18) dialog: It can't be that hard to find out who this guy is. Like I said, somebody trained him. Who trains the best?
62) 14) dialog: Ex-girlfriend. BASHER &amp; SAUL
62) 39) dialog: (to Rusty, re: the photo)
67) 9) dialog: He's not done.
68) 5) dialog: Tell them about Saint Tropez.
68) 18) dialog: The French national police just gave him a nickname. "Le Renard Nuit" -- The Night Fox.
70) 5) dialog: Viscount.    As in nobility.
84) 1) dialog: Who? Yen says something.
84) 9) dialog: Because of pride?
84) 17) dialog: What do we have to do? I mean, is it a fair bet or is it like...the Coronation Egg or something? Danny points.   That's it.   That's the one.
88) 0) text: Angle on Livingston as he subtly nods at something in the distance. Danny is standing next to him.
88) 2) dialog: A TR354 infra red motion detection system. It's the gold standard.
88) 4) dialog: No.
88) 6) dialog: And I can't find Rusty.
92) 0) text: A mock up of the room the egg will be displayed in. A dum egg sits on a cradle in the center of the room. Infra-red motion detectors cover the room. Motion sensitive lasers shine directly onto the egg. Danny, Basher, Yen, Frank, and Livingston try to figure o how to get around the security systems.
92) 1) dialog: No, that won't work either. The IR will pick it up before you even get close. This is depressing to everyone.
96) 0) text: Livingston, Yen, Danny, and Rusty are experimenting with way for Yen to drop from the ceiling so that he's hanging right over the egg. Their mock-up alarm rings.    A red light flashes.
96) 1) dialog: Damn-it. Danny rubs his face. This is feeling impossible.      He into the corner and clicks a walkie-talkie. in the background we see Rusty trying to keep everybody's spirits high.
96) 3) dialog: --There's no mirror thin enough to avoid tripping the lasers.
106) 1) dialog: We did it!     It works!
116) 0) text: Danny and Rusty stand with Livingston.
116) 1) dialog: I'm telling you, with everything she's done in the last twenty-four hours...unless you happen to be best friends with the head of security at the museum, unless you are someone he knows and trusts enough to leave alone in the gallery, after disabling about half of their security system, forget it. We are not stealing that egg...
133) 0) text: Reuben is talking to Yen. Frank and Livingston get ready the background.
141) 0) text: Yen ENTERS FRAME -- dressed like a pretentious grunge roc He whispers Chinese into a bullhorn. Theoretically he's speaking to his crew (Danny, Saul, and Livingston in lame disguises) telling them where to set u the camera, lights, and flags. Each "crew member" carries an odd-looking oversized "ligh meter". Upon closer examination we can see that each devi has a small TV screen on it -- which is tapped into the museum's closed circuit system. The guys are carefully placing their flags and lights so as to block the view of egg from each of the eight cameras on the ceiling of the gallery. "Studio Execs," Reuben and Linus go to "Julia."
153) 0) text: The motorcade of FBI SUV's pulls through the security gat and drives toward a US government Gulfstream parked on th flight line. Isabel watches with Captain Giordino and Commander Andrio Linus, Saul, Yen, Livingston and Reuben get out of the SU all of them beaming. They hug Linus's mom and dad and mou the steps to the plane. Then Rusty gets out, says goodbye everyone, and heads for Isabel.
167) 8) dialog: (trying to be dispassionate)
167) 14) dialog: I'm Livingston Dell. Thanks for listening.