7) 0) text: The landscape hurtles by. We pan over to find Danny sitti next to the window. We continue to pan and find REUBEN TISHKOFF seated next to a group of male commuters.
7) 1) dialog: (over)
8) 0) text: REUBEN lies in a mud bath, his face covered with a dried exfoliating "mask" treatment. There is a cigar in one han and a cellphone in the other. His eyes are closed to the
8) 1) dialog: Joyce, she's ninety-two. I'm all she has left. (beat)
8) 11) text: Because when I heard you laugh, all my problems disappeared. A SHADOW crosses over Reuben's face, and Reuben squints o one eye. There, with the sun like an aura behind his head TERRY BENEDICT.
9) 0) text: Reuben is handed a bloody mary by the porter, who then continues on, bringing a glass of white wine to THE AMAZI YEN.
26) 5) dialog: (off their looks)
28) 0) text: Frank stands with his arm outstretched, shoes and belt of Two TSA officers run metal detecting wands over every inc his body. Three more guys pick through his luggage: they squeeze toothpaste from his Sensodyne tube, sniff his hai products, unroll his "tighty-whitey" briefs.... PAN to REVEAL that Basher is getting the exact same treatment, right next to him. They exchange looks. REVERSE ANGLE: the rest of the group stands sipping iced lattes from Starbucks and watching the show. Reuben walks
28) 2) dialog: I wanted to wish you luck. And listen: I want to do something for you. Reuben hands Danny an envelope.
28) 7) dialog: Take it. Take it. This is the least I can do. I've got a friend who owns the Bellagio of Amsterdam and I've made reservations for all of you there. It's all taken care of.
28) 9) dialog: It's the least I could do. I love you guys. Enjoy. Yen says something in Chinese. REUBEN (cont'd)
121) 0) text: Tess climbs into a taxi cab. Reuben -- in an anachronisti taxi driver's uniform -- is driving.
121) 1) dialog: There's make-up in the bag there. And some photos. Do the best you can.
123) 15) dialog: Ms. Roberts is very tired!! Please let her through! Please!
133) 0) text: Reuben is talking to Yen. Frank and Livingston get ready the background.
133) 1) dialog: You're a photographer. Very exacting. You want things a certain way, but you never raise your voice. You're uncompromising. Strong.
133) 3) dialog: Oh, we understand each other. I'm mean, the actual words are gibberish to me, but I know what he means. There's a tone, you know. We communicate. I'm sure he'd tell you the same thing. (to Yen)
135) 0) text: Reuben (dressed in a hip-hop outfit) and Linus (dressed l an agent) stand in front of some paparazzi. A crowd of museum employees also rubberneck.
135) 1) dialog: My name is Stuart Feldman, Worldwide Executive Senior Vice- President of Marketing, Corporate Senior Vice-President of Publicity and Corporate International Executive Worldwide President of Promotion for the Warner Brothers Motion Picture company. (indicating)
139) 10) dialog: (obsequious)
141) 0) text: Yen ENTERS FRAME -- dressed like a pretentious grunge roc He whispers Chinese into a bullhorn. Theoretically he's speaking to his crew (Danny, Saul, and Livingston in lame disguises) telling them where to set u the camera, lights, and flags. Each "crew member" carries an odd-looking oversized "ligh meter". Upon closer examination we can see that each devi has a small TV screen on it -- which is tapped into the museum's closed circuit system. The guys are carefully placing their flags and lights so as to block the view of egg from each of the eight cameras on the ceiling of the gallery. "Studio Execs," Reuben and Linus go to "Julia."
141) 4) dialog: I was thinking maybe we could get you and Topher into some "You Always You Never" hats and t-shirts for the shoot--
141) 6) dialog: (instant reversal)
141) 11) dialog: I completely agree! (to Linus)
147) 0) text: Molly swaggers down a hallway, followed by Isabel and Giordano. She stops at an observation window and looks through it to see Danny, who is handcuffed to a chair, awaiting interrogation. His expression is impassive. She moves on to the next window: Yen. Same impassive expression. She continues down the line, Reuben, Livingst and Saul. Each has the same impassive expression. Through the final window she sees Linus...
153) 0) text: The motorcade of FBI SUV's pulls through the security gat and drives toward a US government Gulfstream parked on th flight line. Isabel watches with Captain Giordino and Commander Andrio Linus, Saul, Yen, Livingston and Reuben get out of the SU all of them beaming. They hug Linus's mom and dad and mou the steps to the plane. Then Rusty gets out, says goodbye everyone, and heads for Isabel.
167) 7) dialog: May I look at that when you're through with it? Yen says something. It would seem he is okay with that. Livingston speaks into his VOICE RECORDER.
172) 12) dialog: Is opposite him. They are both being served for lunch by JACKETED WAITER, whose face is continually obscured.
172) 13) dialog: That's the exact figure, I'm pretty sure.
172) 15) dialog: So we're clean?
172) 17) dialog: I'll take your word.
172) 19) dialog: These grudges, they're awful. Nobody wine.
172) 24) dialog: This way, there's no need for retaliation. Why would there be?
172) 26) dialog: More than plenty. It's just a matter of sharing.
172) 28) dialog: It is. Waiter? Can I get sparkling water? It's good for my acid reflux.