50) 0) text: SIX PEOPLE in a large, barren, filthy room.  Cheap plasti windows flap in the cold wind.  In the foreground the Man Another Place (Mike) and BOB sit at a formica table.  Beh on plastic torn chairs huddle MRS. TREMOND and her GRANDS BIG WOODSMEN with full beards sit quietly.
50) 2) dialog: (subtitled) Light of new discoveries.
50) 10) text: Bob begins to scream with anger.
50) 11) dialog: (subtitled) I HAVE THE FURY OF MY OWN MOMENTUM.
50) 14) text: Bob claps his hand and a circle of fire appears in the ro
50) 15) dialog: (subtitled) Fire Walk With Me.
55) 2) text: On Donna as they continue down the hall.  A cool MIKE NEL his fingers ala Bobby for Donna to come to him.  Without beat Donna changes directions.  Mike has to hustle to cat her.
58) 0) text: BOBBY BRIGGS saunters into school - late as usual.  The c empty.  Everyone else is in class.  He walks to Laura's p the trophy case.  Kisses the glass protecting it.
60) 0) text: A bell rings and, after a moment, STUDENTS and TEACHERS s out.  Bobby catches up with Laura and Donna.
60) 6) text: Bobby grabs her roughly and spins her around.  Students s stare.
60) 11) text: Bobby can't hold onto his anger.  Slowly a huge smile spr his face.
68) 18) text: She allows the feeling of Bob to come over her and she be scream.  Harold steps back, but Laura grabs him.  To his a horrifying expression on hers.
86) 0) text: The opening of the door reveals more and more of her room it reveals Bob standing in her room at her dresser.  He h the dresser away from the wall looking for something.
90) 0) text: No Bob.  Listens to the house...  stands in the entrance
91) 0) text: No Bob in her room.  The dresser is back in its place.  L out.
107) 0) text: Bobby is calling from the pay phone at the diner.  We hea the conversation with Leo.  Bobby hangs up.  He puts in a quarter and dials again.  The phone rings on the other en
109) 4) text: Bobby starts to write information down on a napkin.
138) 2) text: Laura is jolted by Bob's Voice.
143) 0) text: Laura corners Bobby in a hallway.
148) 0) text: Bobby roars thru the night with his radio blasting.
151) 0) text: Bobby's car skids to a stop and Laura jumps in.
153) 0) text: Laura and Bobby tooting coke as they fly thru the night.
153) 5) text: He does a big clown laugh.  Laura erupts with the giggles up some more.  Bobby tromps on the gas.
156) 0) text: Bobby and Laura pull into a little clearing.  Bobby kills The doors open.  Laura and Bobby start to make their way woods.
157) 0) text: Laura and Bobby continue thru the woods.  It gets spookie spookier. They reach the meeting place.  Awesomely quiet until a tw then a distant howling of a wolf. Bobby and Laura sit on the floor of the woods and do some Laura picks up a leaf and shows it to Bobby.
157) 5) text: After a moment of staring at it, they both begin to giggl picks up a twig. LAURA (continued) Bobby, I found a twig.
157) 6) text: They giggle twice as hard.  Laura picks up a pinecone and knocking him on the head with it. LAURA (continued) Bobby, I found a pinecone.
157) 15) text: Laura just grabs it out of his hand.  The deputy takes ou Bobby panics and pulls out his gun.  BANG!! Bobby shoots the deputy in the shoulder, but the deputy s to shoot at Bobby so Bobby shoots him again.  This time i The deputy spins and tries to run, but Bobby shoots him i He topples over dead. (more)
157) 22) text: Bobby starts for the dead body. BOBBY (continued) Come on, you gotta help me.
157) 23) text: With Laura's help they get the body back to the clearing. down to their knees, out of breath, staring at what they Their faces register the shock of having just killed some looks at Bobby's stunned expression.
157) 25) text: A laugh squirts out of Laura.  Bobby turns to her in disb LAURA (continued) Bobby, you killed Mike.
157) 26) text: Bobby stares at her for a second like Laura has gone insa
157) 29) text: Bobby breaks.  They begin to laugh uncontrollably.
158) 0) text: Wide shot.  The distant sounds of Bobby and Laura laughin closer the wind takes over and even closer the hooting of
160) 1) text: Bobby catches up with Laura in front of her locker.  He s ten thousand they were going to use to pay for the drugs
160) 4) text: Bobby is about to get really pissed when Laura starts lau Bobby fights to stay in control.
160) 9) text: Laura stifles her laugh with all her might.  Bobby hands money.  After a beat Laura starts to laugh, but stops her by biting her lip.  Bobby is furious and scared.  Laura c mouth.  Bobby breaks again.
161) 0) text: Bobby's car skids to a stop.  Bobby jumps out and pops th He unwraps the big bag of cocaine from a blanket.  He tea hole in it to enjoy a taste test.  The second it touches he panics and frantically takes a deeper test.
161) 2) text: He sprays and throws the powder every which way in a rage BOBBY (continued) SSSSHHHIIITTTT!!!
169) 0) text: The room is dark.  Laura is pressed up against the headbo bed staring at the window.  The fan ominously whirls in t Bob appears in her window and enters the room. Bob moves down on top of her.  His hand moves between her (more)
176) 0) text: Laura comes down stairs and sees Bobby lying on the floor covering his eyes.
176) 24) text: Bobby sees that she is not in the mood.
176) 26) text: Laura stares at him. BOBBY (continued) It's okay.
176) 27) text: He reaches in his pocket and gives her a nice bag of coke BOBBY (continued) Bobby's got it.
177) 0) text: Mr. Briggs is reading aloud to Mrs. Briggs from the book Revelations.  As Bobby hears this he turns to Laura and m of horror which says, "Can you believe I live here".  Lau Bobby takes Laura to the door.  He gives her a small kiss Night".  After she leaves he cuts back thru the living ro as he clears the room he lights up.
181) 0) text: She does three lines of Bobby's cocaine.
181) 4) text: She hangs up the phone and does another line of cocaine t down a handful of red round friends from Bobby - the pill LAURA (continued) Fifteen minutes...  god, why did I say that?...  what did I say?...
195) 0) text: Leland hauls the two girls into the train car. He SLIDES THE DOOR SHUT and it is completely quiet. BOB AND LELAND going in and out like breathing.  The two in the corner as he circles them. Leland grabs Laura and begins to wrap the twine around he bending the arms back.
196) 0) text: Gerard tearing thru the woods.  The wind comes up carryin cries and screams and the sounds of BOB.
200) 0) text: Leland/Bob lowers the plastic shrouded Laura into the riv