12) 0) text: Agent Desmond and Stanley walk into a very small receptio the counter Desmond shows his badge to CLIFF HOWARD, the
12) 2) text: Cliff just smiles for a long minute.
12) 3) dialog: Why don't you folks have a seat.  Make yourself at home.  It's gonna be a while.
12) 4) text: Desmond stays standing and Stanley sits.  After another l Cliff joins the SECRETARY in a conspiratorial giggle over wait they are planning to give the FBI.  In the middle of (more)
12) 8) text: Cliff has a good laugh over this and leans again over the pretending to look at some paper work.  They both laugh.
12) 10) dialog: (still smiling) Oh.
12) 11) text: Desmond walks towards the door that obviously must go to Cable's office. Cliff blocks his way with his arm across the doorway, dar do something.  While they stare eye to eye, Desmond's han slowly towards Cliff's face in a slow mesmerizing way.  C to knock Chet's hand away.  Chet counters by grabbing Cli and pinches a nerve to its side injecting Cliff with a gr of pain. CLIFF (continued) AAAHHHHHHHH...
12) 12) text: Desmond spins the deputy 180 degrees placing himself on t the office and then still pressing the nerve guides Cliff chair. While the Deputy's eyes tear copiously Desmond turns to t
13) 7) text: Cable signals Cliff to leave. DESMOND (continued) I'm here to investigate the murder of Teresa Banks.
25) 9) text: She just nods in the negative and leans back out.  Behind Deputy Cliff, who looks into the trailer.
25) 10) dialog: Hey, how's J. Edgar doin'? (to Carl) Bet you appreciate them bustin' your mornin' in half, eh, Carl?  Bet they woke you up.
25) 13) dialog: Maybe I just live here, what do you think about that?
25) 15) dialog: You can tell J. Edgar that I was at a party and I got fifteen fuckin' witnesses.
25) 20) dialog: Is that right, Mr. Jack Daniels?
25) 22) dialog: Got a couple of cups of coffee at Hap's from her.  That's it.  By the way where do you get off questioning a lawman?  I could ask you the same question.
25) 24) text: Chet steps towards Cliff who looses his balance and has t the trailer steps.
28) 0) text: Cable and Cliff meet Desmond and Stanley as they come in The CRIME VAN DRIVER sits nearby.  The secretary is behin
28) 11) text: Cable exits followed by Cliff and the giggling secretary.
29) 0) text: Desmond, Cliff, Stanley, Cable, the secretary and the FBI all have stepped outside by the pile of iron bars.
29) 3) dialog: (to Desmond) You try that you little monkey.
29) 10) text: Desmond blasts him in the jaw and Cable goes over - light systems down. The no longer giggling secretary and Cliff stand and star looks at them.
31) 4) text: Carl walks away towards his trailer.  Desmond walks over Cliff's red trailer.  He gets a strange feeling.  He look Teresa's trailer to the edge of the trailer park, where h HAND appear in the window of a trailer.  Then the hand di Desmond walks to that trailer.  He knocks on the door but answers.  He looks under the trailer and sees a _mound_of _a_small_indentation_at_the_top_.  In the indentation is _Bank's_ring_.  As he reaches out and touches it, _he_dis
157) 10) text: They both start laughing again.  They see a guy coming th woods.  We recognize him as the sullen deputy from Deer M Cliff Howard.
157) 12) dialog: Jacques.