0) 65) dialog: Regina Krumn, New York Times. Mr. Flynn is with me.
0) 67) dialog: You're better looking in person.
0) 69) dialog: ~~ ‘han on your press card. You have an Engiish accent. How does an Englishman come to work for the Post?
0) 71) dialog: tateresting. So where are you staying?
0) 73) dialog: Don't flatter yourself. I like |. the idea of the Washington Post owing me. I might need you and I have to know where to find you.
0) 77) dialog: (She writes down his name and the hotel in a littie leather bock) Good. (She starts to walk away) And get the Post to buy you some new clothes. The party scenes take place in a large mansion with a bal baroque nooks and crannies and a terrace. INT - BALLROOM - NIGHT ae At the reception, various groups are gossiping. A couple designers, GIGI CLOCHE and ARTHUR RADER, are taiking to N SCANT, who is taking notes.
0) 137) dialog: I heard Olivier and Nathalie hadn't slept together for years.
0) 139) dialog: It was a passionate asexuality.
0) 142) dialog: Crumbs? Are they locking for a baker?
0) 144) dialog: Can you die of that?
0) 146) dialog: Eating chicken is so bad for you.
0) 152) dialog: Why would she go to his house?
0) 155) dialog: Decorum is so tiresome. Nathalie saw Olivier more than his wife did anyway. She certainly ought to be allowed every courtesy a wife receives in these situations.
0) 157) dialog: Is that why you got married, Gigi? To make it easier when Michel kicks?
0) 164) dialog: I think the church doesn't go far enough. Everyone knows that life pegins at dinner and a movie.
0) 239) dialog: Binky Ulrich. She writes for the New York Times. She's doing a book on the fashion world. It should be a big book. She got a huge advance from Simon and Schuster.
0) 241) dialog: Yes. Which part do you find unbelievable? That the New York Times hires minorities or that a black person can write?
0) 245) dialog: (She looks at him and smilies) You've never had much of a sense of reality, have you, Major?
0) 263) dialog: Not rude. Just odd. You are odd.
0) 265) dialog: Well, I've been writing about it for twenty-five years. . (CONTENUED)
0) 267) text: No, I mean, working for a designer. Dior, perhaps? Wouldn't working for someone like Dior teach you abour the business? REGINA You don't have to get down on all fours to understand a dog.
0) 269) dialog: That's the designer Arthur Rader. There's Marcel Abboud. And there's Cort Romney. Would you like to meet him? Come (She takes his arm). You need to meet these people if you're going to write anything decent.
0) 271) dialog: (While they're pushing their way through, she stops and puts her hand up to her forehead) Whe is that woman he's with? f can't remember her name. (shrugging) Oh, fuck, I'll just have to call her Darling. INT - HOTZL ROOM - NIGHT 6s FLYNN and ANNE are in bed naked on top of the covers. The television is on. FLYNN is watching "The Spy Who Came in the Cold.“ His hand is on ANNE's thigh. ANNE is on the telephone. (CONTINUED)
0) 279) dialog: No bother. . (She lights his and her cigarettes)
0) 284) dialog: Yes, it's worse than when I was growing up. I had to smoke ina closet when I was twelve. And now I have to smoke in a closet again. It's not so bad in Europe, but I'm so used to being shunned I just automatically leave a room when I want a cigarette.
0) 286) dialog: Yes, they don't mind if you vomit at the dinner table. Who was it that said something about it being all right as long as the fish comes up with the white wine? Herman Mankiewicz? But if you light up, you're a boor. LUuDI Speaking of wine, can I get you something to drink?
0) 287) dialog: Thank you, no. It's one vice that's never appealed to me. They say that smokers are generally more intelligent than non-smokers. I can't imagine how that's possible since it clearly takes an inherent cretinism togtart - smoking. Maybe it's the nicotine, sharpens what litrle brain power you've got.
0) 289) dialog: Punny, I was thinking that you looked smarter just since I met you. REGINA takes a step and falls on her heel. LUDI catches h a sort of embrace. (CONTINUED)
0) 360) dialog: Why not a drink? Let's have one oa the Times? There's a bar in my suite.
0) 362) dialog: How long have you...
0) 461) dialog: What could possibly embarrass . anyone these days enough to make him pay off a blackmailer? You're a drunk, you tell everyone you've gone to Betty Ford. Broke, you file for bankruptcy. Homosexual, you come out, and invite everyone to your domestic partner ceremony. You raped someone? (more) (CONTINUED)
0) 464) dialog: I don't understand what the fuss is about. Montana did cross- dressing years ago.
0) 683) dialog: I agree with Chanel. Sport clothes should be for watching sports. - CLAUDE walking by wearing one of her ancient designer cre She is carrying her dog. The dog is wearing biack, too.
0) 685) dialog: I'm surprised she's out and about. Before the funeral. SERGEI, who had been seated near REGINA, jumps up to foll CLAUDE. He catches up with her. .
0) 766) dialog: Hey, it's supply and demand. Chanel was no genius. She was a hatmaker who made it because she ran away to Deauville during the war with all the society matrons. Guess what? They had nothing to wear. - RADER comes out to take a bow to applause. The audience s to leave. The MAJOR spots BINKY and approaches. MAJOR . I just wanted to introduce myseif. Hamilton Bowles. Marshall Field. I'm the chief European buyer. BINKY — (Polite but distant) How do you do.
0) 876) dialog: I thought they were Groucho Marx. ROMNEY, who looks like death, even with all his makeup, a pefore the crowd on the runway at the end of the show. (CONTENUED)
0) 880) dialog: If he is, then half of Paris better get tested. A huge crowd of reporters and friends head backstage to congratulate ROMNEY. SLIM is moving in the opposite direc trying to leave the tent. SERGEI tries to follow but lose in the crowd.
0) 1030) dialog: I don't know what the big deal is. Lagerfeld did nudity years ago.
0) 1039) dialog: So sad. PAN to two babies tearing off their diapers on a nearby l We PULL BACK to see it is photo shoot for a diaper commer The credits roll over stylized fashion drawings caricatur ail the principal characters.