61) 3) dialog: 
181) 0) text: The gates open. A BLACK SEDAN pulls into the drive and st out, then Dr. Singh, dressed in a conservative Indian sui briefcase. Tretiak emerges from the mansion, greeting Doc
182) 0) text: Dr. Singh enters behind Tretiak and Zubov. They move to Z Dr. Singh dons reading glasses. Zubov places Jillian's re Singh flips a page, then another.   He is awed. It's like Salieri looking at Mozart's sheet m his life for something and... another person has found it
182) 1) dialog: Yes.   (beat)  Yes.   (beat)  Yes, yes. . . . .   (looks up)  I will give you a list of the things I will need.  I requ (turns back to Jillian's document)  Leave me now. Please.   Tretiak and Zubov exchange a look. They exit. Dr. Singh r bearing down on the material, flipping through the pages PAGES being flipped, but these contain photographs...  
186) 0) text: Late at night. Dr. Singh is working feverishly. The desk and books. He is surrounded by three chalk boards with ch diagrams.  He is adding chemicals to a bath of hydrogen i
186) 1) dialog: Zinc oxide. Iridium mercurate.   Sodium bicarbon nitrate.   A cobalt magnesium isotope.   Liquify the cobalt at 665 degrees  fahrenheit, add the magnesium. ...   The chemicals begin to mix.  He picks up an ELECTRODE NEE Dr. Singh takes a deep breath. He introduces the electrod compression chamber through a rubber valve.   And like a miracle, the LIGHTBULB ILLUMINATES. Dr. Singh just seen Shiva.  
186) 2) dialog: My god. It actually works.  
198) 0) text: Romanov and Tretiak stand on one side of the lab.   ACROSS THE LAB, ZUBOV and DR. SINGH are huddled over a hy just like the one we saw in Jillian's lab. The tank is su testtubes and beakers containing chemicals.  
228) 0) text: A T.V. shows a newscast from the Ploschad. Dr. Singh and seen everything that just transpired, are frantically des records.   Zubov is burning the cold fusion hardcopies in a waste ba deleting the computer files.   Tretiak and Ilya come down the stairs. Zubov pops a 3 1/4 computer.  
228) 3) dialog: What.. . what are you...?  Tretiak shoots Zubov. Ilya shoots Dr. Singh. The two scie much for honor among thieves.   Then Tretiak wheels on Ilya, his gun coming up. Yes, so m among thieves...   Tretiak freezes, startled.   Because Ilya has his gun leveled on Tretiak.   Tretiak tries to speak. Words won't form. Ilya FIRES. Tre backward.   Ilya walks past Tretiak's corpse, yanks the computer disk lifeless hand and turns --  TEMPLAR stands across the lab, gun in hand.   Ilya's eyes dart around the room.  