16) 0) text: ...because he's here, moving quickly toward the Myaki Cor and he's not a champagne server, but a thief and a killer named ILYA.   Ilya stops just outside the interior corridor. With the G shuts off the anti-theft mats and moves around the corner
17) 0) text: Ilya stops short. His eyes spark.   He sees Templar's cable and glider.  
18) 0) text: Templar, wearing goggles, leans into the drill as THE BIT tungsten lock. This is a violent exercise. SINEWS OF META shrapnel.   He's through the lock in seconds. Templar heaves the dril a THUD on the beautiful mahogany table. He opens the safe INSIDE THE SAFE is one object: A SMALL BOX, the size of a Templar grabs it and opens it.   INSIDE THE LITTLE BOX is a tiny MICRO-CHIP.   Templar closes the box and pockets it.   ILYA (v.o.)  Don't move.   Templar freezes. His eyes twitch.   This wasn't in the plan...   ILYA (v.o.)  Turn around. Slowly.   Templar faces Ilya. Ilya has a silenced handgun.  
18) 1) dialog: On your knees.   (Templar sinks to his knees)  Give me the box. Slowly.   Templar pulls out the box. Tosses it to Ilya.   Ilya raises the handgun at Templar's head. Smiles.   Try something: throw an extension cord on the ground. I g land coiled in several places.   Ilya happens to be standing inside one of the coils of th cord.   And this is not lost on Templar.   Templar, on his knees, grabs the cord and yanks it; the c Ilya's ankles. His legs fly from under him and he goes do clattering across the floor.   Ilya tries to get to his feet.   Templar floors him with a right cross.   Templar grabs the box and his backpack and sprints across gains his feet and grabs his gun; sprints after Templar.
19) 0) text: Templar runs to the balustrade and climbs atop it.   He jumps, clutching the ceiling girder above.   He's going out the way he came in.   Suddenly ILYA'S HANDS are around his ankles.   Templar falls. He's going 12 stories to his death.   No. His fingers clutch the outside of the balustrade. Tem looking up at the sadistic face of Ilya. And suddenly bel
21) 0) text: Ilya and Templar. Ilya calmly compresses his foot against knuckles.  
21) 1) dialog: The box please.   Templar, grimacing, reaches with his right hand and pulls pocket. Hands it slowly to Ilya, who reaches over the bal TEMPLAR stuffs the box in his teeth and grabs Ilya's hand the balustrade.   Ilya falls 12 stories to his death.   No he doesn't. He falls one story and miraculously catche there.   Templar clambers up again, atop the balustrade.   He jumps to the ceiling girder.   Hand over hand, swinging like an acrobat, Templar's acros seconds.   He releases from the girder to the window frame.   There's one further problem. BULLETS. Ricocheting all aro ILYA, one floor down.   Templar reaches over his shoulder. Pulls a GUN from his b fire? No, it's the DART GUN.   Templar aims the dart gun out the aperture he cut in the
24) 2) dialog: I tried to stop him! He went out  the window!  Five policemen go for the elevators. Five more exit quick
25) 0) text: The befuddled police race off, looking skyward at the top building.   Ilya curses silently. And peels away from the cops and co the night.  
104) 0) text: UP FRONT, the Older Cop is unconscious; he's taken the fu IN THE BACK, Ilya is groggy, semi-conscious. JILLIAN is r
113) 0) text: A MAP OF ST. PETERSBURG AND OUTLYING REGIONS is spread ou Tretiak's desk. Tretiak, Ilya, Zubov, and ten men are pre
113) 1) dialog: There could be another solution.   The woman is not-the only scientist  working in this field. Is she?  Tretiak turns to Zubov, who nods.  
150) 0) text: FRANKIE, red-eyed and drinking coffee, is staring at the from Tretiak's office. Tretiak and Ilya are talking. .   INTERCUT BETWEEN THE TWO (as deemed necessary) 
162) 0) text: В… and we're in the turret's interior: round, with staine and chair. A trap door leading to the vestibule below BAN JILLIAN comes up, followed by Templar, his gun in hand.   They're cut and bruised, exhausted.   Jillian slumps against the wall, shivering.   Templar puts his equipment on the desk and goes to each o From this elevation he can see the entire city.   TEMPLAR'S FIRST POV - RED SQUARE, a mile across town, whe Muscovites are listening to a pro Michael Romanov speech. Shifting from Red Square to the city outskirts, we see MO INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT, where Remy waits.   TEMPLAR'S SECOND POV - THE UNITED STATES EMBASSY is just away - we see the American flag flying from the roof stan In the intersections around the embassy, Tretiak's men st vehicles, watching. Every point of access to the embassy We see WHITEHEAD. A Mercedes pulls up to him. ILYA gets o
173) 6) dialog: Kill him!  Ilya, Whitehead and Tretiak's men sprint down the street as they run, leaving --  JILLIAN UNDER THE VAN with a clear path to the embassy. S TEMPLAR dives behind an OVERTURNED CAR and comes up firin men.  
197) 0) text: A hotel in the heart of the city. We hear sounds of demon in the street below.   Templar sits at a table with Harry Winston, Remy Samarkan ARCHITECTURAL PLANS and PHOTOGRAPHS of the Admiralty's Nu Situation Facility are spread amongst room service trays. ILYA, and the massive ZERO sit on the couch, listening.   Ilya eyes Templar. Templar periodically meets Ilya's eyes glances are rife with hostility.   They've been at this a while and everyone's frustrated.  
202) 0) text: A room stocked with hospital supplies. The wounded "soldi gurneys. They are TEMPLAR and ILYA. Ilya wears the unifor M.P. Templar wears a bulky, lead-lined anti-radiation sui Templar shoulders his backpack.   Harry Winston stands on a counter, pushing up the CEILING and Ilya climb atop the counter.   Harry forms a stirrup with his hands and hoists Templar, the hole in the ceiling.  
203) 0) text: Templar and Ilya crawl through the ventilation duct to a
204) 0) text: Templar crawls out of the ventilation duct, his feet find three inches to stand on.   Ilya crawls out, his feet finding the same windowsill.   The two men are side-by-side.   They begin inching across the sill to a STEEL-RUNGED ladd concrete floor below.   Ilya's FOOT suddenly slips. His arms flail. He tries to k fails.   Templar catches Ilya's wrist.   A terrifying tableau: Ilya, hanging over the concrete flo by Templar. If Templar let's go, Ilya's dead. They stare And Templar pulls Ilya back. Ilya gets his footing. Catch Templar. They continue to the ladder and descend.  
206) 0) text: Templar and Ilya hurry across the concrete floor to the e Templar kneels next to the RADIATION DETECTOR, unshoulder backpack.   Templar's anti-radiation suit has a goggled hood, which h carefully lifts from his backpack a PLEXIGLASS RECTANGULA and shape of a shoe box, and a high-powered cordless BOLT The plexiglass box has two' compartments, one empty, the
210) 0) text: Templar and Ilya race down. At the base of the stairs is open/close switch. Templar throws the "close" switch. Abo start to close..  
212) 0) text: Templar and Ilya move through the nuclear situation room Karpov's office.  
213) 0) text: Ilya and Templar enter. Ilya opens the credenza behind Ka revealing ROWS OF VIDEOTAPE CASSETTES.   Ilya rifles through the tapes.   Templar kneels behind the T.V. and V.C.R. He switches the from "RECEIVE" to "TRANSMIT," and adjusts the satellite f Ilya hands Templar a VIDEO CASSETTE TAPE. Templar throws and hits a button. The V.C.R. transmits the tape over the
216) 0) text: Templar and Ilya, waiting. Templar looks at his watch.  
223) 0) text: Templar yanks the MORPHED TAPE from the v.c.r and goes ba credenza. He kneels by the drawer.   Something fast and unexpected happens, like slight-of han SECOND TAPE from inside his suit and puts it back in the morphed tape under the credenza. He stands, turns, and fr ILYA (remember, he is dressed as a NAVAL M.P.) has his gu - the tape from Templar's waistband.  The door bursts ope MAJOR regards the situation.  
223) 1) dialog: I found him over there.   (holds up the tape)  With this.  
228) 0) text: A T.V. shows a newscast from the Ploschad. Dr. Singh and seen everything that just transpired, are frantically des records.   Zubov is burning the cold fusion hardcopies in a waste ba deleting the computer files.   Tretiak and Ilya come down the stairs. Zubov pops a 3 1/4 computer.  
228) 4) dialog: We can share this, Templar.  
228) 6) dialog: Who does? 
228) 8) dialog: Don't be a fool.  
228) 10) dialog: What do you want?  The WHISTLING is louder. Anyone with military service kno incoming ordnance...  
229) 0) text: Ilya emerges from the basement stairwell and races for th Templar comes up; sprints after Ilya.   Ilya, with Templar hotly behind, gets to the front door, freezes. And Ilya and Templar are suddenly staring down t A RUSSIAN TANK. Just sitting there in the mansion courtya soldiers behind it.   Ilya and Templar duck. The tank FIRES. The MISSILE PROJEC from the tank's barrel, flies through the mansion's front Templar's heads...   ... wings across the interior of the mansion...   .. . and SLAMS into the rear wall of the mansion, explodi down, revealing ANOTHER TANK at the mansion's rear, lumbe Ilya slams the door shut and whirls on Templar. They trad the better of this. He shoves Templar aside and races bac Templar recovers and races after Ilya, tackling him in th They roll on the floor, trading vicious blow after viciou -- A TANK SHELL RIPS into the mansion's domed cupola.   Templar and Ilya look up in horror as --  THE 20 FOOT DIAMETER CRYSTAL CHANDELIER descends.   Templar and Ilya dive away. The chandelier CRASHES  spectacularly in the middle of the foyer, exploding like HUGE PIECE OF CRYSTAL hits Templar in the side of the hea gash, dazing him.   There's no place to go. Except up.   Ilya races for the staircase.   Templar recovers and takes up the chase again.   Up the staircase they go.   A SECOND TANK MISSLE slams into the dome, imploding it.   CHUNKS OF STONE and MASONRY fall on Ilya and Templar, kno both backward.  
235) 0) text: Templar and Ilya, on the mansion's roof. The view is mind nighttime St. Petersburg skyline looming in the backgroun Russian tanks firing shell after shell into the mansion. Across the exploding, crumbling rooftop, Ilya and Templar explodes in front of Ilya.   Ilya falls, concussed by the shell. Templar dives upon hi COMPUTER DISK from Ilya's pocket.   Ilya slams his forearm into Templar's head. The disk flie hand, scuttles across the roof shingles, falling through ... it flutters to the mansion floor, 50 feet down.   They get to their feet, circling each other. Their footin ice in Spring.   Tank shells SLAM into the mansion's upper architecture an the mansion's east wall, detaching the DRAIN PIPE running Ilya draws a SWITCHBLADE. Backing Templar up.   Templar's at the very edge of the building.   There's no place to go.   Templar's feet are unsteady. Because the cornice of the b beneath him. ...   And Templar falls. He looks over his shoulder, his wrists opening, and...   ... Templar catches the detached DRAINPIPE.   The drainpipe sags under Templar's weight, bending... And hangs there, bobbing up and down above the alley between the adjacent building, fifty feet below.   Ilya turns back.   He's going after the disk.   Ilya jumps through the crater to the mezzanine and races staircase...while in the basement...  
237) 0) text: Templar dangles from the drainpipe.   KA-CHUNG. It gives. It gives again. The drainpipe is abou looks down into the flames and demolition below...   INT. TRETIAK's MANSION - STAIRCASE/FOYER - NIGHT  Ilya races reaches the foyer. The building is imploding, all around him.   Ilya's eyes are wild. He wants that disk...   Ilya gets to it.   Clutches it. It's finally in his hands.   He goes for the staircase. ...  
240) 0) text: Ilya's eyes bulge in terror as the staircase collapses un engulfed in flame, still clutching the cold fusion disk.