0) 0) text: Starliner Towers is seen in LS through the windshield of moving car. The car approaches the complex and stops near the main doors of the West Tower. Out of the car climb Kresimir and Benda Sviben, a gawky n wed young couple. Kresimir elaborately opens the door for Benda, his new wife, and they walk with hands intertwined the steps of the West Tower.
1) 6) dialog: Do you ever use that?
5) 0) text: Merrick and the Svibens sit across from each other at a l table strewn with floor plans and maps. The river which  surrounds the complex can be seen through the glass walls the office. Merrick taps one plan with his finger and sli it over to Benda.
14) 0) text: Janine sits in the middle of a bench, towel around her he and middle. Next to her sits Betts, who is in her early  forties, attractive in a tough kind of way, and wears her hair short for efficiency's sake. In her relationship wit Janine she plays the role of tough, worldly older sister. She has the poise and confidence of a woman who has creat her own success and position in life, a marked contrast t the neurotic vivacity of Janine, who is ten years her jun and has never known independence. They are both watched by the only other occupant of the s Benda Sviben, now a full-fledged resident of Starliner To She is huddled in a corner, very shy and looking particul thin, mousy, and ineffectual in the presence of the other two full-bodied women. Betts is in the middle of giving Janine advice about Tudo disease.
14) 6) text: She stretches out full length on the bench, her toes bump Benda's thigh. Betts notices Benda for the first time.
14) 8) text: Benda draws her towel around her, wide-eyed, completely  intimidated by Betts. She manages a nervous smile.
82) 5) text: Betts allows St. Luc to rise to the surface as a laughing Janine splashes over to him and fastens her mouth to his. As they kiss, Janine's hands hold St. Luc's head fiercely Betts assists her by pinning St. Luc's arms behind him.  Janine's throat ripples and swells, her cheeks billow as parasite swarms upwards from deep within her body. St. Lu cheeks now swell as the parasite enters his mouth. His ey jolt open in terror and he manages to pull away slightly, revealing the tentacles joining her mouth to his like  grappling irons. St. Luc twists out of Betts' grasp. He and Janine, still  locked together, sink beneath the surface. Dozens of residents pour into the pool room and join Sper and the others at the poolside. Among these are faces alr familiar to us: Kurt, Kresimir and Benda, the old laundry room woman, etc. The new spectators clap, laugh, croon, and moan as though witnessing a wild group baptism. Some of them throw thems into the water, pulling others in with them. Deep under the water's surface, St. Luc still struggles t free himself from Janine. Residents now splash into the d all around them. St. Luc's cheeks bulge wide and blood dribbles from his n and mouth. His throat swells monstrously. Janine releases him just in time for us to see the end of a tentacle slip back into his mouth. He exhales heavily as parasite enzym pump furiously through his body. The water boils with his exhaled breath. Janine and St. Luc drift apart, now completely calm, as  residents splash and swim, kick and embrace.