14) 0) text: Janine sits in the middle of a bench, towel around her he and middle. Next to her sits Betts, who is in her early  forties, attractive in a tough kind of way, and wears her hair short for efficiency's sake. In her relationship wit Janine she plays the role of tough, worldly older sister. She has the poise and confidence of a woman who has creat her own success and position in life, a marked contrast t the neurotic vivacity of Janine, who is ten years her jun and has never known independence. They are both watched by the only other occupant of the s Benda Sviben, now a full-fledged resident of Starliner To She is huddled in a corner, very shy and looking particul thin, mousy, and ineffectual in the presence of the other two full-bodied women. Betts is in the middle of giving Janine advice about Tudo disease.
14) 1) dialog: ...probably nothing at all. It's  probably just a bunch of, I don't  know, fatty cysts. You can have them  removed in a doctor's office. Has  Nick seen a doctor?
14) 3) dialog: Well, look. How's this? You go on  down to the clinic and tell that  nice Dr. St. Luc... (pauses to work it  out) ...you tell him that Nick's ill,  he's got these lumps, and he can't  get out of bed. Tell him to come  when you're sure Nick'll be home.  And don't tell Nick anything. Let  the two of them fight it out.
14) 5) dialog: (with a conspiratorial  smile) So? You'll find out what's wrong and  then you'll be able to relax a little  bit. Let him be the uptight one for  a change.
14) 6) text: She stretches out full length on the bench, her toes bump Benda's thigh. Betts notices Benda for the first time.
14) 7) dialog: (to Benda) Oops, sorry. Hi. Haven't seen you  here before, have I?
14) 8) text: Benda draws her towel around her, wide-eyed, completely  intimidated by Betts. She manages a nervous smile.
30) 0) text: Janine enters Betts' apartment. Betts is sitting cross-le in leotards on the broadloom, a number of very large blac and-white photographs spread out in front of her. As she  speaks to Janine, she arranges and rearranges them. Other equipment and graphics of various kinds stuck on wa hidden in corners and lying on chairs and tables suggest  that Betts is in advertising and commercial graphics. Janine stands halfway in the door.
30) 2) dialog: Hi. Want a drink?
30) 4) dialog: Was he nice to you?
30) 6) dialog: Good. Well... (takes a sip from a  glass on the floor  next to her) I've ordered in some vrai cuisine  franГ§aise from Jean-Phillipe at the  CГґte d'Azur restaurant. Escargots in  garlic butter... the works. They  have lovely strong delivery boys who  fight their way through sleet and  hail and the gloom of night just to  bring me my coq au vin. And after  Dr. St. Luc has told you that there's  nothing wrong with Nick that a  vacation won't cure, and if Nick  falls asleep early again, you just  come on back here for company and a  late supper. You hear me?
30) 8) dialog: Now, I mean it. I always order enough  for two and I'll just get fat and  lonely if you don't show up.
45) 0) text: Elevator doors slide open and Kurt steps out, pushing his cart. He walks down the hallway looking for Betts's apart After he has passed a few doors he approaches one which i slightly ajar. As Kurt approaches, the door opens wider to reveal the ol woman from the laundry room. She is no longer wearing her dumpy laundry clothes, however, but is dressed in a  translucent nightgown and wears a grotesque amount of mak up. She is careful to keep half her face hidden behind th door. Kurt notices her but chooses to ignore her. He is just  approaching her when she calls to him.
46) 0) text: In her dining room, Betts mixes herself a drink and check her watch. She takes a sip, then goes into the bathroom a bends over the bathtub, having balanced her drink on the  edge of the tub. From inside the drain of the tub we see Betts place the p in the plughole. Betts turns on the water, adjusting the proportion of hot cold until she gets it exactly the way she wants it, then gets undressed. She wraps a thick and colorful towel around her and goes to the living room with her drink in hand. In the living  room, she arranges her photos in a new order, props them against the sofa, changes them around again. Back in the bathroom, Betts checks the temperature of the water by swishing her hand around in it. The water drums  heavily on the floor of the tub. Betts puts her drink on edge of the tub and turns the water off. She now drops her towel on to the bathmat and steps into tub. She reaches over the edge of the tub to straighten h sandals on the bathmat, then picks up her drink and stret back. She takes a big slug of her drink. Her toes curl in pleasure. The drain plug begins to jerk and twitch, as though somet were trying to push it out from inside the drain. Betts sinks down in the water until her hair, short as it is, begins to float a bit. The drain plug begins to jerk more and more violently unt it is pushed right out of its plug hole. The water begins run out of the drain, but only in a slight trickle -- the drain pipe is blocked by a soft, spongy body. Betts rolls her head back and forth across the back of th tub, smiling, relaxed, enjoying the sensation. One of the parasite's stubby tentacles slowly appears, pr out of the drain hole. Then another appears, then another Betts puts down her drink on the tub's edge and reaches f the soap and washcloth. Her eyes are half-closed and a sm still flickers about her lips. The sound of water suddenl rushing out of the drain in volume rouses Betts out of he reverie. She sits up and looks down toward the plug end of the tub The parasite is crawling toward her up the middle of the  tub, almost touching her legs, which are pressed together against one side of the tub. The water is becoming pink w the blood that diffuses through it. Betts' mouth opens slowly and her eyes are wide. Her reac are obviously being confused by the drinks she has recent had. Under the water, now very shallow, the parasite's tentacl touch Betts's thighs. Betts tries to scream but can't. The parasite suckers its way between Betts' thighs. She screams a silent scream in the tub, her mouth wide open, her head rolling from side side. The only sounds are the thrashing of her legs in th water and the gurgle of the drain. With a spasm that shakes her whole body, Betts throws her arms wide and knocks her glass off the edge of the tub an on to the tiles of the bathroom floor. The glass shatters After a moment or two of further silent struggle, Betts a her back, then falls into a semi-conscious stupor, slumpi motionless in the tub.
50) 0) text: Betts lies slumped in her bathtub, her hair matted and da her eyes open and staring. Her mouth begins to work in a  very sensual way, and she begins to drool slightly. The tub is completely empty now except for the scum of bl and soap. The smashed glass is scattered all over the flo near the base of the tub. Zombie-like, Betts rises from the tub and steps out on to the floor, her feet missing the bathmat. The crunch and s of her bare feet on the broken glass are heightened abnor by the tiled echo chamber of the bathroom. The steps Betts takes toward the medicine cabinet leave b prints on the floor. Betts takes out various bottles and plastic cases and tub from the medicine cabinet and begins to apply make-up to face with mechanical precision.
59) 0) text: Janine runs down a hallway that leads to Betts's apartmen sobbing and stumbling. She gets to Betts's door and opens without hesitation.
60) 0) text: Janine enters Betts' apartment. She looks around for Bett
60) 2) text: She catches sight of Betts standing out on the balcony,  looking across at the North Tower's lights. Betts turns  slowly. She is wearing immaculate but very extreme make-u Janine is slightly taken aback -- it's not Betts' style. Betts smiles and opens her arms to Janine.
64) 0) text: St. Luc continues to poke around inside the incinerator w the poker. Finally his flashlight beam reveals the tatter corpse of Spergazzi's parasite. Deftly manipulating the hook on the poker's tip, St. Luc  manages to pull the parasite out into the light. Garbage  comes rattling down the chute. When St. Luc flashes his l into the oven, we see that the garbage consists of Betts' French food, half-eaten, silver servers and all, the snai being especially prominent. Insane giggles echo down the  chute, followed by the slam of the chute door somewhere  several floors above. St. Luc holds the thing up to the naked light bulb above incinerator. The light seems to go right through the para illuminating the twisted vascular system, reproductive or etc. As St. Luc examines the creature, which is still impaled the hook of the poker, the door to the incinerator room o behind him. A large, hairy, muscular man enters the room approaches the oblivious St. Luc. The man slips his arms up under St. Luc's arms and kisses him passionately on the neck. As soon as St. Luc realizes what's happening, he smashes the man in the chest with hi elbow and pulls free. The man grabs St. Luc again, trying to kiss him on the mo They struggle. St. Luc is thrown to the concrete floor. T man tries to pin him down. St. Luc, on the verge of being overpowered, smashes the man in the chest with the poker, parasite still hooked into its tip. The man stands up unsteadily. St. Luc cracks him on the a with the poker and he comes crashing down. The parasite c is flung across the room, where it smacks wetly into the  wall and slides to the floor. St. Luc leaps to his feet and begins kicking the man in t head. After a furious moment or two, he suddenly stops, d the poker, and stares at the body in horrified disbelief. St. Luc slowly backs away from the man's body, which is v still and quietly oozes blood on to the damp concrete flo He bumps into the edge of the door left open by the man. collision seems to startle him out of his daze somewhat, he turns, himself scratched and bleeding, and staggers up the basement steps.
68) 0) text: Betts and Janine are on the sofa, Janine with her head in Betts's lap, Betts rocking Janine like a child.
68) 2) text: She breaks down. Betts is drowsy-eyed and smiling. She strokes Janine's ha
68) 3) dialog: There, there, there. It all gets  sorted out in the genes and  chromosomes. It's not for us to think  about at all. It's not our problem  at all, 'Nine. We're just here to  exist and to have a good time. Exist  and have a good time. (pause) Do I feel good, 'Nine? Do I feel  good to you?
68) 6) dialog: (casually, as though  it were the most  ordinary request in  the world) Make love to me, 'Nine? I want you  to make love to me. Please, please  make love to me.
68) 7) text: Janine twists around and looks up at Betts. There is some in Betts' tone -- quite apart from what she is saying --  that disturbs her, something that reminds her of her husb
68) 9) text: Betts smiles drowsily. She bends over Janine, turning her head in her hands until they face each other. Betts lower her face toward Janine. Janine is wide-eyed, almost hypno by Betts's strength, smile, and confidence.
68) 10) dialog: Let's not talk any more, 'Nine, shall  we? Let's kiss and make up. Let's  kiss... kiss and make up, shall we?  'Nine?
68) 11) text: Janine resists only slightly as Betts places her lips on  Janine's. After a pause, Betts suddenly opens her mouth w and presses her lips savagely against Janine's. She holds Janine's head firmly as they kiss. Janine strug for a moment, then opens her mouth as well. Her eyes are closed in passion, then suddenly open wide i terror as Betts's throat swells like a goiter as a parasi rushes up her throat toward Janine's open mouth. The para begins to force its way into Janine's mouth and down her  throat. Janine gags and tries to pull away, but too late.
82) 2) text: The swimmers both flick playfully beneath the water's sur St. Luc approaches the water's edge, waiting for them to  surface. The water ripples and bubbles near his feet. A  sinking feeling comes over him. He watches in horrible  fascination. He begins to shiver. The ripples and bubbles spread and intensify. After a pau Janine surfaces, smiling radiantly. A few seconds later,  Betts surfaces near her, the very picture of benign, wate calm. Betts gestures to St. Luc to join them in the pool. St. Luc shakes his head slowly, backing away from the poo He turns to leave the room. As he turns, Mr. Spergazzi ap out of the shadows behind him. Using his four-pronged alu cane, he pushes St. Luc backwards into the pool, chucklin playfully. Spergazzi looks around for approval as St. Luc begins to  thrash about wildly. Betts swims up beside St. Luc, grabs him, and holds him u
82) 3) dialog: (to Janine) A kiss! (laughter echoes in  the pool room) Give him a kiss. Give him a kiss.
82) 5) text: Betts allows St. Luc to rise to the surface as a laughing Janine splashes over to him and fastens her mouth to his. As they kiss, Janine's hands hold St. Luc's head fiercely Betts assists her by pinning St. Luc's arms behind him.  Janine's throat ripples and swells, her cheeks billow as parasite swarms upwards from deep within her body. St. Lu cheeks now swell as the parasite enters his mouth. His ey jolt open in terror and he manages to pull away slightly, revealing the tentacles joining her mouth to his like  grappling irons. St. Luc twists out of Betts' grasp. He and Janine, still  locked together, sink beneath the surface. Dozens of residents pour into the pool room and join Sper and the others at the poolside. Among these are faces alr familiar to us: Kurt, Kresimir and Benda, the old laundry room woman, etc. The new spectators clap, laugh, croon, and moan as though witnessing a wild group baptism. Some of them throw thems into the water, pulling others in with them. Deep under the water's surface, St. Luc still struggles t free himself from Janine. Residents now splash into the d all around them. St. Luc's cheeks bulge wide and blood dribbles from his n and mouth. His throat swells monstrously. Janine releases him just in time for us to see the end of a tentacle slip back into his mouth. He exhales heavily as parasite enzym pump furiously through his body. The water boils with his exhaled breath. Janine and St. Luc drift apart, now completely calm, as  residents splash and swim, kick and embrace.