22) 4) text: Forsythe leaves. Parkins chuckles to himself -- 'still li in the old boy yet' kind of feeling -- and begins to undr
31) 2) dialog: I can't, dummy. He'll see that the  pack's been opened. You're such a  dumbhead.
31) 4) dialog: Buy 'em with what, dumbhead?
31) 6) text: The first box she tries is empty. She advances to the nex and the next, finally finding one that has a jug in it. S takes it and advances to Tudor's box, jug swinging, compa trailing after her in admiration. She stops at Tudor's mi box and flicks the door open. She looks inside, just about to reach for the jug that ne back in the shadows. Ugh! What's that? The boy takes a look. Inside the box a third parasite can just be seen clinging to a three-quart white plastic milk jug. The jug is smeared with blood. The box's inside door ajar. The TV set can be heard from inside the apartment.
31) 7) dialog: I dunno. Guess the milk went bad. (shrugs) It's still worth money.
31) 10) dialog: Let's get outta here before somebody  hears us!
44) 0) text: A young man aged about twenty-five -- Kurt, the delivery  boy, dark, intense, bearded, his manner as stiff and form as the tuxedo that he wears -- rolls a restaurant serving cart toward the main doors. He has obviously just come fr the van outside, which is emblazoned with the words  'Restaurant CГґte d'Azur'. The doorman smiles and opens the door for Kurt, obviously familiar with the restaurant. Kurt takes great care as he lifts the cart slightly so that it clears the doormats. O the cart's two levels is an elaborate array of silver ser vessels and utensils.
52) 0) text: Inside a descending elevator, a middle-aged woman and her teen-aged daughter flip through a magazine together. The  elevator sinks toward the ground floor of the South Tower then slows and stops. They both look up at the floor numb It's not their floor. The doors slide open. Nobody seems to be waiting. The mot pushes the CLOSE DOOR button, a bit impatiently. A hand  holding a crГЄpe oozing red jam and sugar reaches around the elevator. The two women cringe, suddenly afraid. Kurt, the delivery boy, steps around and into the elevator, smiling broadly, eyes wide and glistening. He drools slightly. The doors s closed. Kurt offers one crГЄpe to each woman.