1) 0) text: As the Svibens approach the main doors, the doorman leaps from his chair beside the intercom switchboard and opens door for them. The doorman, like most security guards, do not look capable of handling a serious crisis. He is abou fifty, of average height but slightly built, wears thick  glasses and seems almost embarrassed by the revolver on h hip.
1) 1) dialog: Morning, folks. Can I help you?
1) 3) dialog: OK, I'll just give him a little buzz  and he'll come out and show you the  way in.
1) 4) text: The doorman presses a button on the intercom board. As he turns back to the Svibens, he catches his holster on the  board.
1) 5) dialog: (freeing holster) Darned thing.
1) 7) dialog: This? No, never even had it out of  the holster. A rival company has  'em, so we gotta have 'em. Just an  advertising gimmick.
3) 0) text: The doorman leaves the Svibens to open the door for the  Spergazzis, an elderly Italian couple who both use alumin four-pronged canes to help them walk. The Svibens watch t old couple as they enter and then glance at each other  significantly -- 'We'll be together when we're as old as  they are.' Mr. Spergazzi tips his hat to the doorman, who opens the  inner door for him. As the Spergazzis make their way shakily toward the eleva Mr. Merrick, the rental agent, appears from around a corn He is slick, mustachioed, and wears a wide paisley tie. H extends his hand for a handshake even though he is still  fifty feet from the inner doors. The doorman keeps the do open for him.
3) 1) dialog: Here's Mr. Merrick. He'll take you  on in.
3) 5) text: The three disappear around a corner. The doorman pulls a Harlequin Nurse Romance out of his ja and sits down to continue reading it.
18) 0) text: The doorman opens both doors for Tudor as he enters the  building.
18) 1) dialog: Afternoon, Mr. Tudor.
44) 0) text: A young man aged about twenty-five -- Kurt, the delivery  boy, dark, intense, bearded, his manner as stiff and form as the tuxedo that he wears -- rolls a restaurant serving cart toward the main doors. He has obviously just come fr the van outside, which is emblazoned with the words  'Restaurant CГґte d'Azur'. The doorman smiles and opens the door for Kurt, obviously familiar with the restaurant. Kurt takes great care as he lifts the cart slightly so that it clears the doormats. O the cart's two levels is an elaborate array of silver ser vessels and utensils.
53) 0) text: The doorman sits beside the intercom board reading anothe Harlequin Nurse Romance when he happens to glance up and  notice the elevator flashers which indicate a stuck eleva He sighs, shakes his head -- always something going wrong stuffs the pocketbook into his jacket, and gets up, takin out a huge ring of keys from his pocket as he does so. He walks over to the metal control panel sunk into the wa between the elevators and opens it with one of the keys o the ring. Then, checking to make sure which elevator is t stuck one, he plays with a switch which manually override the floor selector and brings the elevator down. The doorman watches as the numbers show that the elevator finally coming down. He stands by, waiting to see who or  what has caused the elevator to stay at one floor for so  long, jingling his keys, trying to look stern and  authoritarian. The doors spring open. Kurt stands at the back of the  elevator, one arm around the young girl, who hugs him tig The girl is finishing the last bit of one of the crГЄpes, sucking her fingers deliciously. The mother sits slumped in the opposite corner, her coat  open, her dress torn, bruises on her face. She struggles her feet. Kurt and the girl are ignoring her. The doorman is nonplussed. He hesitates, then makes a mov toward the elevator, intending to help the woman to her f
53) 1) dialog: Here, here. What is this all about?  What's the matter with you? What are  you doing in there?
53) 2) text: The woman suddenly lunges at the doorman and tries to pul him down. Kurt detaches himself from the girl and joins h They giggle and drool all over the doorman as they pull h down and pin him to the floor. The daughter, still licking her fingers, slowly approache the doorman.
53) 3) dialog: Hey, that's enough, enough of this  nonsense! What is this? (Etc.)
53) 4) text: The daughter kneels at the doorman's feet, then crawls ov him, her mouth working, drooling. She lowers her lips ove his, Kurt making it impossible for the doorman to move hi head out of the way.
63) 0) text: The doorman, drooling and twitching, locks the exit doors the end of one hallway. In one hand he holds an enormous  pair of cable cutters.
70) 0) text: St. Luc has made his way to the main doors and stands tal to the rental agent, Merrick, who is leaning against the  intercom board with the doorman's pocketbook romance in o hand. The agent looks perfectly normal, though he keeps wiping mouth unobtrusively with the back of his hand.
72) 0) text: Finding herself in the underground garage, Forsythe decid to get in her car and drive out. She finds her car -- a D or Toyota -- gets in, throws the doctor's bag in the back and drives up the ramp leading to the sliding garage door The car rolls over the cable which normally activates the doors, but nothing happens. Forsythe puts the car in reve and backs over the cable, but still nothing happens. She  sits with the car idling, trying to figure out what to do next. Suddenly the driver's door of her car is yanked open and doorman, slavering and drooling, throws himself at her. The doorman forces her down across the front seats of the car and begins to kiss her on the neck and rip her clothe to shreds. He gradually forces himself between her legs.
74) 0) text: St. Luc races through the garage, trying to find Forsythe He finally sees her car in the middle of the exit ramp an runs over to it. The doorman is still on top of Forsythe in the front seat the car. St. Luc pulls the doorman's gun out of its holst and begins smashing away at the doorman with it. The doorman pounds St. Luc in the temple with his fist an lifts himself partially off Forsythe, half turning toward St. Luc, who is staggered by the blow. The doorman's face is covered with blood and drool. Repul and terrified, St. Luc fires the gun into the doorman's u body three times, heedless of the possibility that he mig hit Forsythe. The doorman slumps over Forsythe. St. Luc grips the gun and staggers over to the car. He pu the doorman off Forsythe, who is completely soaked with b She has obviously had an externally rough time, but there nothing to suggest that she has been infected by the door St. Luc shoves her over into the passenger's seat, where slumps, dazed. He doesn't have to start the car -- it's n been turned off. He slams the shift lever into reverse an backs up, peeling rubber, to the base of the ramp. He put it into first and begins to accelerate, foot to the floor toward the garage door. Another car full of residents suddenly careens in front o the door and screeches to a halt, blocking St. Luc, who i swerving to avoid them smashes his fender into a concrete post. He picks up the gun from the console between the se and, opening the car door, empties the gun at the residen who are emerging from their car. One of the residents falls back into the car, blocking th other two. St. Luc drags Forsythe out of the car, throws her over hi shoulder, and carries her down the ramp toward the door  leading to the incinerator.