2) 0) text: Dr. Emil Hobbes, a huge, florid, bearded man, is strangli Annabelle Horsefield. Despite the difference in their siz Annabelle is tall and slender, about seventeen -- Hobbes not having an easy time of it. Hobbes is wearing overlarg blue jeans and a red plaid shirt; Annabelle is in a priva girls' school outfit -- white blouse, dark blue tie, blue knee socks, pleated gray skirt. Annabelle fights back fiercely; Hobbes has tears in his e The struggle takes them all over her apartment, which,  although sparsely furnished, presents enough objects in t way to cause a lot of crashing around. At one point Annab breaks loose and Hobbes has to chase her. Annabelle slips and Hobbes manages to pin her to the grou where he has the advantage of leverage. He strangles her  quickly and with tremendous, crazy energy. Blood oozes fr her mouth. Hobbes places his hand over her mouth as thoug trying to prevent her from speaking, or to prevent someth from leaving her body. He reaches over to his leather doctor's bag, which has sp some of its contents on to the floor, finds a surgical cl and clamps Annabelle's lips together. He then picks up he body, carries it over to the dining-room table and sweeps the few cups and bottles on it off on to the floor. He th places her body with great tenderness on the table and be to undress it.
4) 0) text: Hobbes ties a green surgical mask over his mouth and nose snaps on rubber gloves. He turns to Annabelle's corpse on the dining-room table,  legs hanging over the edge, now naked -- the private girl school clothes in a heap on the floor. Hobbes takes a sca from the top of the radiator where he has laid out his  surgical instruments. He feels Annabelle's stomach until has found what he wants, then cuts her open with one smoo confident stroke of the scalpel. He then quickly douses the inside of her abdomen with som clear fluid in a squeeze bottle, lights a wooden match, a drops it into her abdominal cavity. The corpse bursts int flame. Hobbes steps back to watch. Tears spring into his eyes. H picks up another scalpel and perfunctorily sticks it into his neck. Blood spurts into his mask and soaks through to the other side. Hobbes sinks to his knees before the blaz corpse and struggles to draw the scalpel through the tend of his neck.
31) 1) dialog: C'mon, let's smoke one of the  cigarettes right now. Your father'll  never miss it.
31) 3) dialog: OK, then. I'm gonna go back to the  store and buy my own pack and smoke  'em all myself.
31) 5) dialog: (flipping open a milk  box) With some milk jugs I just happened  to pick up on the way home.
31) 8) text: The girl hesitates for a second. Suddenly the parasite  twitches around to the front of the jug. The girl, startl slams the box door shut.
31) 9) dialog: Jesus!
33) 0) text: St. Luc is examining a very pretty young girl who sits on the examination table in a hospital tunic.
33) 2) text: Dotty nods. OK, you can get dressed. We're all through. The girl starts to get dressed. St. Luc scribbles somethi in her file and then takes it with him into the adjoining office, closing the door behind him.
53) 0) text: The doorman sits beside the intercom board reading anothe Harlequin Nurse Romance when he happens to glance up and  notice the elevator flashers which indicate a stuck eleva He sighs, shakes his head -- always something going wrong stuffs the pocketbook into his jacket, and gets up, takin out a huge ring of keys from his pocket as he does so. He walks over to the metal control panel sunk into the wa between the elevators and opens it with one of the keys o the ring. Then, checking to make sure which elevator is t stuck one, he plays with a switch which manually override the floor selector and brings the elevator down. The doorman watches as the numbers show that the elevator finally coming down. He stands by, waiting to see who or  what has caused the elevator to stay at one floor for so  long, jingling his keys, trying to look stern and  authoritarian. The doors spring open. Kurt stands at the back of the  elevator, one arm around the young girl, who hugs him tig The girl is finishing the last bit of one of the crГЄpes, sucking her fingers deliciously. The mother sits slumped in the opposite corner, her coat  open, her dress torn, bruises on her face. She struggles her feet. Kurt and the girl are ignoring her. The doorman is nonplussed. He hesitates, then makes a mov toward the elevator, intending to help the woman to her f
53) 2) text: The woman suddenly lunges at the doorman and tries to pul him down. Kurt detaches himself from the girl and joins h They giggle and drool all over the doorman as they pull h down and pin him to the floor. The daughter, still licking her fingers, slowly approache the doorman.