6) 0) text: In his bathroom, Nicholas Tudor is cleaning his teeth wit microscopic attention to detail using an elaborate compre water device called a water-pick. Tudor is thirty-nine, n happy with his work as an insurance appraiser, and has  recently adopted a general air of terse, sullen desperati as his primary mood. His wife, Janine, calls to him from the kitchen, where sh is just putting the finishing touches on breakfast.
6) 1) dialog: Breakfast is just about ready, Nick.
6) 2) text: Tudor pointedly doesn't answer, but continues with the wa pick until he is completely satisfied. He carefully packs the machine away, then leaves the bathroom. In the dining room, Janine is putting breakfast on the ta Tudor sits down without a word and begins to eat. Janine  returns to the kitchen and comes back with a cup of coffe in each hand. She puts one cup in front of Tudor, sits do starts to drink the other one. After a pause, she speaks.
6) 3) dialog: Can I call you at the office?
6) 5) dialog: I don't know. I just thought I might  want to call you. I don't know.
6) 7) text: Janine continues to toy with the food in her plate. She s once, as if to say, 'Big deal, so what?' Tudor ignores he and finishes breakfast.
13) 0) text: In his bathroom, Nick Tudor cleans his teeth with the wat pick as usual. The sounds of Janine bustling about with  breakfast filter into the bathroom. Tudor hums tunelessly Suddenly, he doubles over in a soundless spasm of pain. T water-pick writhes in the sink, shooting water on to the  mirror and over the floor. After a moment he straightens up and begins to press arou the area of his navel, obviously looking for lumps which seems -- from his expression -- he has already found and overly familiar with. The water-pick continues to rattle around in the sink. Ja pokes her head around the corner to investigate. Tudor tr to cover up, grabs the water-pick, and begins to work on teeth again, hiding the occasional twinge that hits him.
13) 1) dialog: You say something?
13) 3) text: Janine waits for Tudor to say something else. He ignores  her.
13) 4) dialog: (after a pause) You sure you're OK, Nick?
13) 5) text: Tudor continues to ignore her. Janine sighs in a very obv way and disappears. Tudor waits for a second, turns off t water-pick, then checks out his stomach again.
14) 0) text: Janine sits in the middle of a bench, towel around her he and middle. Next to her sits Betts, who is in her early  forties, attractive in a tough kind of way, and wears her hair short for efficiency's sake. In her relationship wit Janine she plays the role of tough, worldly older sister. She has the poise and confidence of a woman who has creat her own success and position in life, a marked contrast t the neurotic vivacity of Janine, who is ten years her jun and has never known independence. They are both watched by the only other occupant of the s Benda Sviben, now a full-fledged resident of Starliner To She is huddled in a corner, very shy and looking particul thin, mousy, and ineffectual in the presence of the other two full-bodied women. Betts is in the middle of giving Janine advice about Tudo disease.
14) 2) dialog: He hates doctors. Doctors and lawyers.  He never goes to doctors.
14) 4) dialog: (not displeased with  the idea) He'll be really mad.
16) 0) text: The Starliner Towers Medical Clinic is small but complete Dr. St. Luc and his nurse, Forsythe, are backed up by a  secretary-receptionist who sits behind a desk surrounded filing cabinets at the end of the hallway which serves as reception area. There are chairs lined up against one wal flanked by coffee tables piled high with the traditional year-old magazines. Three or four people sit waiting to see St. Luc, among th the aging but sprightly Mr. Parkins and Janine Tudor. Par who considers himself something of a ladies' man, is talk to Janine when St. Luc appears and looks at the list of  patients who have signed in.
16) 2) text: St. Luc gestures to Janine to follow him into his office. Janine gets up, excusing herself to Mr. Parkins.
16) 3) dialog: Excuse me, Brad. Gotta go.
19) 0) text: Janine sits opposite St. Luc, who has a file open before on his desk.
19) 2) dialog: (a bit relieved but  still tense) You'll come up and take a look at  him?
19) 4) text: Janine smiles and shakes her head. Just gotta have time t put the clinic to bed for the night and grab some supper.
19) 5) dialog: That's great, Doctor. Thanks.
19) 6) text: Janine gets up, opens the door to the reception area, and leaves, closing the door behind her. St. Luc keeps staring at Tudor's file, shifts something f one side of the folder to the other. Something bothers hi The door to one of the examination rooms opens and Forsyt pops her head around the corner.
28) 0) text: In the grocery store built into the base of one of the to Janine flips through some magazines, finally buying a Vog She stops to look at several shelves of various kinds of  food, picking up this and that, but somehow the thought o cooking or even eating repulses her, and she leaves witho buying anything but the magazine.
29) 0) text: Janine walks along a hallway, stops at a door, knocks gen and then opens the door and walks in, obviously very fami with the occupant.
30) 0) text: Janine enters Betts' apartment. Betts is sitting cross-le in leotards on the broadloom, a number of very large blac and-white photographs spread out in front of her. As she  speaks to Janine, she arranges and rearranges them. Other equipment and graphics of various kinds stuck on wa hidden in corners and lying on chairs and tables suggest  that Betts is in advertising and commercial graphics. Janine stands halfway in the door.
30) 1) dialog: Hi.
30) 3) dialog: No thanks. Just wanted to tell you  that Dr. St. Luc is coming up to see  Nick at ten or so.
30) 5) text: Janine nods.
30) 7) text: Janine nods.
30) 9) text: Janine wiggles her fingers goodbye and leaves.
31) 0) text: Janine walks down the hallway to her apartment, her Vogue rolled up under her arm. She opens the door to her apartm it's not locked -- and goes in. A moment after she's gone and closed the door, two childr about ten years old appear around a corner, giggling and  jostling each other. They approach Tudor's apartment.
32) 0) text: Janine sits down in front of the TV set. After a moment o two she gets up, turns the set off, and flops back down o the sofa with her Vogue. She doesn't notice a trail of bloody slime leading from t bedroom to the inside door of the milk box. In the bedroom, a hand reaches down and pulls back a beds to reveal a naked abdomen. It is Tudor's abdomen, and he  reaches out with trembling fingers to touch a lump the si of a chicken egg stretching the skin to one side of his n Tudor watches the lump in the muted light of his bedroom. gradually extends his hand toward the lump, which disappe the instant it's touched.
32) 8) text: In the living room, Janine suddenly realizes that if the set was on, Nick must be home. She gets to her feet and walks to the bedroom. Inside the bedroom, we see the door open. Light floods th room as Janine enters. Janine sees Tudor sprawled out on bed.
32) 9) dialog: Nick? I didn't know you were home.  What's wrong? What are you doing?  You're almost falling out of bed.  How are you feeling?
32) 10) text: Tudor twists around to see who has spoken, eyes wide but unsmiling. With the same motion, he pulls the covers over his abdomen to hide the lumps from Janine. Janine stands at the bedroom door for an instant, then  approaches the bedside. She moves as though her hands wer tied at her sides, as though she is quite consciously hol herself together.
32) 11) dialog: (tenderly, but with  caution, as though  expecting a blow) Nick, does your stomach hurt? Can I  see those bumps on your tummy, can  I?
32) 14) text: Janine straightens up. Her hands come up to her face and  tears well up in her eyes.
32) 15) dialog: (frustrated) Oh, why won't you let me help you?
47) 0) text: Nicholas Tudor lies flat on his back in bed on top of the covers. The physical state of his face, ghastly and  cadaverous, is in sharp contrast to his expression, which ecstatic, beatific, Madonna-like. Tudor's hands rest on his abdomen in a posture often  associated with pregnant women. Between his hands, in the area around the navel, three lumps shift beneath the skin changing positions and pulsing rhythmically. As they move, Tudor makes little delirious crooning sound a parody of a lullaby. In the living room, Janine sits on the couch agitatedly  flipping through her Vogue, now wearing large, fashionabl glasses with thick, tinted prescription lenses. She can't seem to get into doing anything until St. Luc comes. She gets up and turns the TV on again, deliberately turni up the volume to an uncomfortable level.
55) 0) text: Janine dozes fitfully on the couch, her glasses fallen on the carpet, her Vogue crumpled underneath her. Tudor's vo calls to her from the bedroom. It has an eerie, wailing t to it.
55) 2) text: Tudor keeps calling until Janine wakes up with a start an jumps to her feet, still half asleep. She rubs her eyes a walks to the bedroom. Janine opens the bedroom door. From her point of view we a dark, blurry figure sitting on the edge of the bed.
55) 3) dialog: Nick? Are you up? I can't see a thing,  I took my contacts out.
55) 6) text: Janine hesitates for a second, then walks to the bed and  sits down. She can now see that Tudor, although pale and  sickly, is smiling ecstatically. He puts an arm around Ja who reacts stiffly.
55) 8) dialog: (slightly repulsed) Nick, you're so strange...
55) 9) text: Tudor begins to unbutton his shirt with one hand, his oth still gripping Janine tightly.
55) 11) dialog: (now in tears) Oh, Nick, Nick... I can't take this.
55) 13) text: Janine hesitantly helps Tudor remove his shirt and begins caress him in a perfunctory way, tears in her eyes. Her  caresses make Tudor moan with pleasure.
55) 15) text: Janine's hand sweeps across Tudor's abdomen. She pulls he hand away, startled, obviously having just felt a few of  Tudor's lumps. She looks up at Tudor's face with a mixture of horror and wonder in her eyes. Tudor is confused; he doesn't want th caresses to stop.
58) 0) text: Tudor lies on top of Janine on their bed. Over his should Janine's face is visible, eyes wide open and full of tear She tries to push Tudor away, but he resists.
58) 1) dialog: (frantically) No, no. Nick, please. Stop. Let's  stop. I... I want to put my contacts  in... I can't see anything...
58) 4) dialog: (trying to buy time) I want to be able to see us, Nick.  I... I'm going to go into the bathroom  now and put in my contacts, OK? Is  that OK? (pleading with him to  believe her) I want to be able to see us when we  make love, OK?
58) 5) text: Tudor's eyes are staring right out of his head and his mo is wide open. He gasps for breath. He stares at Janine fo second, then buries his face in the blankets, twisting th in his hands and moaning. Janine bursts into tears and turns away from the bed, hea for the bathroom. In the bathroom, Janine starts to shake, on the verge of  hysteria. Distractedly, she goes through the motions of  putting her contact lenses in: opens the medicine-cabinet door, takes out the lens container, takes out the bottles wetting and soaking solutions, opens the lens container.  Suddenly, Tudor wails terribly, like a hound, from the  bedroom.
58) 7) text: Janine turns to the door, turns back to the lenses, dumps both lenses out into her hand, begins to squirt solution them. She has decided to try to ignore Tudor.
58) 9) text: Janine can no longer pretend that she doesn't hear him.  Closing her hand around the two lenses, she runs out of t bathroom. Tudor lies outstretched on the bed in the darkness. His l move silently, spasmically, as though in sleep, twitching an abnormal, insect fashion. There is a swelling in his  throat, almost as though he has developed a goiter, which swells and contracts rhythmically. Janine appears in the doorway.
58) 10) dialog: (a strangled half- whisper) I'm here, Nick. Janine is here.
58) 11) text: After a pause, she walks into the room. She climbs on to the bed and settles down. She puts her f very close to Tudor's. For the moment, his face is  expressionless, but his neck is swollen just under the ja Janine sighs deeply, trying not to panic. Her eyes narrow suddenly -- she hasn't got her lenses in and her gaze is  myopic -- as she notices something odd. There is a bit of black something, a thread, in the corne of Tudor's mouth. Janine moves closer to it. The black th like the tip of an insect's leg, twitches. Janine reaches out to brush the thing off Tudor's lip. As her fingers brush by, the leg twitches back inside Tudor' mouth. Janine jerks back in horror, her hands, balled into fists cover her own mouth as though to protect it from whatever occupies Tudor's mouth. Gradually the thread reappears. Tudor's lips part slightl to allow the emergence of the dark, viscous tentacle to w the thread -- a hook used to hang on inside the body -- i attached. The tentacle of the blood parasite probes its w from between Tudor's lips. Janine is paralyzed with horror. The tentacle is now touching Tudor's chin, his cheek, the tip of his nose. Janine's fists tighten even more. A glassy snap breaks th silence. Janine lowers her hands dumbly and opens them. I the right one, the one that held the contact lenses, are  incised two bloody circles where her fingers pressed the  lenses into her flesh until they snapped. The segmented l fragments glint in the tiny pools of blood. She tries to control the hysteria welling up inside her. eases herself carefully over the side of the bed as the f stubby tentacle is joined by another and another. She mov a fraction of an inch at a time, almost hypnotized by the movement of the tentacles. The hooks of the tentacles are now set into Tudor's chin cheeks, and the tentacles draw taut as something attempts draw itself out of his body. His throat bulges, his cheek swell as the tentacles contract. His lips are gradually f apart as the quivering, moist shape emerges. His mouth is opened to jaw-breaking width as the creature slowly expos itself to the dim light of the bedroom. Janine's eyes are wide with terror. She utters a gurgling cry and runs, stumbling, from the bedroom. She dashes thr the living room and reaches the door to the hallway,  whimpering in terror as she fumbles at the lock and the  doorknob, finally managing to swing the door open.
59) 0) text: Janine runs down a hallway that leads to Betts's apartmen sobbing and stumbling. She gets to Betts's door and opens without hesitation.
60) 0) text: Janine enters Betts' apartment. She looks around for Bett
60) 1) dialog: Betts? Betts? It's me.
60) 2) text: She catches sight of Betts standing out on the balcony,  looking across at the North Tower's lights. Betts turns  slowly. She is wearing immaculate but very extreme make-u Janine is slightly taken aback -- it's not Betts' style. Betts smiles and opens her arms to Janine.
68) 0) text: Betts and Janine are on the sofa, Janine with her head in Betts's lap, Betts rocking Janine like a child.
68) 1) dialog: (sobbing) Oh, Betts, Betts, everything is so  hideous. Everything dies and rots  and disappears. I'm going to die,  and you're going to die, and Nick...
68) 2) text: She breaks down. Betts is drowsy-eyed and smiling. She strokes Janine's ha
68) 4) text: Janine's eyes are red and she still sobs a bit as she spe but she is obviously feeling a bit soothed.
68) 5) dialog: Oh, you feel very good, Betts. You  have such a cosy body. I'm jealous,  I'm so skinny.
68) 7) text: Janine twists around and looks up at Betts. There is some in Betts' tone -- quite apart from what she is saying --  that disturbs her, something that reminds her of her husb
68) 8) dialog: Betts! You can't really be saying  that! You just can't!
68) 9) text: Betts smiles drowsily. She bends over Janine, turning her head in her hands until they face each other. Betts lower her face toward Janine. Janine is wide-eyed, almost hypno by Betts's strength, smile, and confidence.
68) 11) text: Janine resists only slightly as Betts places her lips on  Janine's. After a pause, Betts suddenly opens her mouth w and presses her lips savagely against Janine's. She holds Janine's head firmly as they kiss. Janine strug for a moment, then opens her mouth as well. Her eyes are closed in passion, then suddenly open wide i terror as Betts's throat swells like a goiter as a parasi rushes up her throat toward Janine's open mouth. The para begins to force its way into Janine's mouth and down her  throat. Janine gags and tries to pull away, but too late.
82) 2) text: The swimmers both flick playfully beneath the water's sur St. Luc approaches the water's edge, waiting for them to  surface. The water ripples and bubbles near his feet. A  sinking feeling comes over him. He watches in horrible  fascination. He begins to shiver. The ripples and bubbles spread and intensify. After a pau Janine surfaces, smiling radiantly. A few seconds later,  Betts surfaces near her, the very picture of benign, wate calm. Betts gestures to St. Luc to join them in the pool. St. Luc shakes his head slowly, backing away from the poo He turns to leave the room. As he turns, Mr. Spergazzi ap out of the shadows behind him. Using his four-pronged alu cane, he pushes St. Luc backwards into the pool, chucklin playfully. Spergazzi looks around for approval as St. Luc begins to  thrash about wildly. Betts swims up beside St. Luc, grabs him, and holds him u
82) 5) text: Betts allows St. Luc to rise to the surface as a laughing Janine splashes over to him and fastens her mouth to his. As they kiss, Janine's hands hold St. Luc's head fiercely Betts assists her by pinning St. Luc's arms behind him.  Janine's throat ripples and swells, her cheeks billow as parasite swarms upwards from deep within her body. St. Lu cheeks now swell as the parasite enters his mouth. His ey jolt open in terror and he manages to pull away slightly, revealing the tentacles joining her mouth to his like  grappling irons. St. Luc twists out of Betts' grasp. He and Janine, still  locked together, sink beneath the surface. Dozens of residents pour into the pool room and join Sper and the others at the poolside. Among these are faces alr familiar to us: Kurt, Kresimir and Benda, the old laundry room woman, etc. The new spectators clap, laugh, croon, and moan as though witnessing a wild group baptism. Some of them throw thems into the water, pulling others in with them. Deep under the water's surface, St. Luc still struggles t free himself from Janine. Residents now splash into the d all around them. St. Luc's cheeks bulge wide and blood dribbles from his n and mouth. His throat swells monstrously. Janine releases him just in time for us to see the end of a tentacle slip back into his mouth. He exhales heavily as parasite enzym pump furiously through his body. The water boils with his exhaled breath. Janine and St. Luc drift apart, now completely calm, as  residents splash and swim, kick and embrace.