3) 0) text: The doorman leaves the Svibens to open the door for the  Spergazzis, an elderly Italian couple who both use alumin four-pronged canes to help them walk. The Svibens watch t old couple as they enter and then glance at each other  significantly -- 'We'll be together when we're as old as  they are.' Mr. Spergazzi tips his hat to the doorman, who opens the  inner door for him. As the Spergazzis make their way shakily toward the eleva Mr. Merrick, the rental agent, appears from around a corn He is slick, mustachioed, and wears a wide paisley tie. H extends his hand for a handshake even though he is still  fifty feet from the inner doors. The doorman keeps the do open for him.
3) 2) dialog: (ingratiatingly) Welcome to Starliner Towers. And you  are...?
3) 4) dialog: Eh? Oh yes, of course. Mr. and Mrs.  Sweden. Come right this way. Sorry  to keep you waiting. Now, are we  talking about one or two bedrooms? I  assume we're not talking about  bachelors, eh? Ha, ha. Now, I have  several floor plans all laid out for  you, and all you have to do is take  your choice and we'll trot right on  up there and take a look at 'em...
5) 0) text: Merrick and the Svibens sit across from each other at a l table strewn with floor plans and maps. The river which  surrounds the complex can be seen through the glass walls the office. Merrick taps one plan with his finger and sli it over to Benda.
5) 1) dialog: Now you take a look at that one,  Brenda, and tell me if it doesn't  suit you down to the ground. That  one has the big view, the panoramic  view...
8) 0) text: In the elevator are Merrick, the rental agent, and the  Svibens.
8) 1) dialog: We're going up.
8) 3) dialog: (after a pause, to  the Svibens,  indicating the  elevator) Wood-grain paneling, strong, silent,  fireproof, fast, cushioned ride.  Everything you could want in an  elevator.
8) 4) text: Nobody says another word until the doors spring open and  Merrick, after a wink at Tudor, hustles the Svibens out o the elevator. As the doors close, Merrick's voice floats back to Tudor.
8) 5) dialog: Notice how the entranceways to all  the apartments are recessed and  individually lit... Nope, it's down  that way, Brenda. That's it...  Recessed and individually lit...
70) 0) text: St. Luc has made his way to the main doors and stands tal to the rental agent, Merrick, who is leaning against the  intercom board with the doorman's pocketbook romance in o hand. The agent looks perfectly normal, though he keeps wiping mouth unobtrusively with the back of his hand.
70) 1) dialog: ...haven't seen anything that looks  like trouble at all. Just filling in  for Walter... the doorman. But if  you want me to call the police, I  will.
70) 2) text: St. Luc is cautious but he seems to believe Merrick. He  presses the button which buzzes the Spergazzi apartment.  Nobody answers. A middle-aged man walks in. Worried, St. buzzes again.
70) 4) text: Merrick smiles and opens the door for the man, who goes i and takes the stairway up, preferring to walk. The intercom squawks and Spergazzi answers the buzzer.
70) 8) text: St. Luc curses under his breath and makes a move toward t door. Merrick smiles and pulls it open for him. St. Luc  disappears down the stairs leading to the incinerator. As the stairway doors close, the elevators slide open and young couple come out heading for the main doors, dressed go out to a late party. Before they reach the doors, Merrick slips through them a meets the couple in the lobby. He smiles broadly as he  approaches them.
70) 9) dialog: Evening, Mr. Wolf, Miss Lewis. I  wonder if I could talk to you for a  second in my office?
70) 11) dialog: Well, there may be a connection.  See, it's about your locker. 'Fraid  somebody busted into it tonight.
70) 13) dialog: 'Fraid so. I've got a few of the  things they threw around in my office  and if you could identify it...
70) 14) text: The couple turn, grumbling, and walk toward Merrick's off Merrick follows, wiping his mouth with the back of his ha
71) 0) text: The young couple enter the rental office, Merrick followi close behind. Once they are all in, Merrick closes the do He rests against the door and drools copiously, then gigg The young couple turn to look at him. Suddenly, three mor residents, two women and a man, all of them half naked, j down on them from the tops of large filing cabinets. The  residents begin to kiss and paw the couple. Merrick wipes his mouth with the back of his hand and then throws himse on top of the writhing mass.