3) 0) text: The doorman leaves the Svibens to open the door for the  Spergazzis, an elderly Italian couple who both use alumin four-pronged canes to help them walk. The Svibens watch t old couple as they enter and then glance at each other  significantly -- 'We'll be together when we're as old as  they are.' Mr. Spergazzi tips his hat to the doorman, who opens the  inner door for him. As the Spergazzis make their way shakily toward the eleva Mr. Merrick, the rental agent, appears from around a corn He is slick, mustachioed, and wears a wide paisley tie. H extends his hand for a handshake even though he is still  fifty feet from the inner doors. The doorman keeps the do open for him.
48) 1) dialog: Lovely, lovely evening. Very quiet,  eh?
48) 2) text: Mrs. Spergazzi nods and smiles, patting Mr. Spergazzi's h They round a corner which leads them down the stretch of  hall which passes by Tudor's door. As they approach Tudor's door they notice a plastic milk lying in the hall just below the open milk-chute door. Mrs. Spergazzi detaches herself from her husband and bend down with difficulty to pick up the jug.
48) 4) text: She puts the jug back in the milk chute. She notices the  blood smeared on it just a second before the parasite in chute fastens itself to her wrist with its suckers. She stares at her wrist in astonishment. She is wearing t parasite like some monstrous, spongy, oozing wristwatch. tries to shake the thing off. It can't be dislodged. She  turns in disbelief to her husband and then screams at the top of her lungs. Mr. Spergazzi lifts his cane and tries to strike the thin with the cane's prongs. The force of his blow throws him balance and he falls, dragging his wife down with him. Mrs. Spergazzi moans in pain and terror. Her husband mana to get to his knees and begins to smash at the thing with his cane. White burning fluid begins to squirt everywhere Mrs Spergazzi's forearm begins to smoke, bubble, and diss She becomes hysterical. Mr. Spergazzi continues to smash away at the thing, now w some success.
54) 1) dialog: Hey, Doctor, Doctor! Please. Help  us!
54) 4) dialog: (tipping his hat as  he introduces himself  even in the midst of  chaos) Please pardon me. I am Niccolo  Spergazzi. I am a resident here. I  don't know... we were walking in the  hallway and... Cabiria... my wife...  she was attacked by this thing...  here, on her arm.
54) 6) dialog: It's all right, cara mia. What's one  more scar to an old lady, eh? You'll  be OK.
54) 9) dialog: I hit it. I hit it with my cane.  Then I carry it on the cane and I  throw it down to the incinerator,  down to the garbage.
54) 14) dialog: We live in 703.
56) 0) text: The Spergazzi apartment is very heavily decorated in the  Mediterranean European Catholic style, featuring lots of  plastic and plaster Madonnas, calendars with Christ expos his bleeding heart, etc. Mrs. Spergazzi lies on an overstuffed couch with her wris held up for Forsythe to bandage after she coats it with a healing gel. Mrs. Spergazzi wears a suffering-martyr  expression. Mr. Spergazzi leans over the back of the couc patting his wife's other hand solicitously.
65) 0) text: Forsythe waits impatiently for St. Luc. Mr. Spergazzi is  watching a variety show on TV and Mrs. Spergazzi is makin ravioli in the kitchen, more or less recovered from her  encounter with the parasite. Suddenly a piercing scream is heard from down the hall. M Spergazzi, hard of hearing, doesn't notice. The scream is followed by bangs, crashes, and insane laughter and giggl Mrs. Spergazzi comes out of the kitchen. She has heard th noises. She and Forsythe look at each other for a moment, then Forsythe goes to the door and slides the chain lock  into place. She then goes to the telephone to call the po
67) 0) text: Mrs. Spergazzi is getting hysterical; Mr. Spergazzi is tr to calm her down by getting her to sit in front of the TV set with him. But each time he pushes her down, she pops and begins wailing and moaning again. Forsythe paces back and forth, checks her watch, paces so more. Finally, after a particularly noisy outburst by Mrs Spergazzi, Forsythe picks up the doctor's bag, unchains t door, and leaves. Spergazzi hears the door slam and looks up.
67) 1) dialog: Miss! Nurse! Come back! Cabiria, she  needs something...!
70) 5) dialog: Yes? Who is there?
70) 7) dialog: Oh, but the nurse, she went away. I  think she must go to look for you.
82) 2) text: The swimmers both flick playfully beneath the water's sur St. Luc approaches the water's edge, waiting for them to  surface. The water ripples and bubbles near his feet. A  sinking feeling comes over him. He watches in horrible  fascination. He begins to shiver. The ripples and bubbles spread and intensify. After a pau Janine surfaces, smiling radiantly. A few seconds later,  Betts surfaces near her, the very picture of benign, wate calm. Betts gestures to St. Luc to join them in the pool. St. Luc shakes his head slowly, backing away from the poo He turns to leave the room. As he turns, Mr. Spergazzi ap out of the shadows behind him. Using his four-pronged alu cane, he pushes St. Luc backwards into the pool, chucklin playfully. Spergazzi looks around for approval as St. Luc begins to  thrash about wildly. Betts swims up beside St. Luc, grabs him, and holds him u
83) 0) text: The vast and dimly lit garage is full of silent cars.  Somewhere an engine starts up, then another and another,  until the whole garage is full of fumes and the revving o engines. As we prowl amongst the cars we find many of the resident we already know, now dressed to the teeth in their seduct best. Mr. Spergazzi and his wife stand and watch the spectacle, canes in hand, with great dignity. With them stand others who are too old or too young to go into the night looking for new hosts for their parasites, content to remain  incubators for the time being. The residents are full of bubbly anticipation in their ca Kresimir leans out of his car and shouts to no one in  particular.