15) 1) dialog: Ashen &amp; Gaunt, Insurance Appraisals.  Mr. Tudor? One moment, please. I'll  buzz him.
15) 3) dialog: I'm sorry to keep you waiting. I'll  put you on 'hold' again and see if I  can find Mr. Tudor.
15) 4) text: Mrs. Wheatley pushes the 'hold' button and gets out of he chair. She knocks gently on the door.
15) 5) dialog: Nicholas? There's a call for you.
15) 6) text: Perplexed by Tudor's failure to respond, Mrs. Wheatley  gingerly opens the door.
15) 7) dialog: Nicholas? It's that man whose  Lamborghini caught fire on St.  Catherine Street and burned to the  ground. He's very angry...
15) 9) dialog: Nicholas! What happened?
15) 10) text: She rushes over to Tudor and helps him to his feet. Tudor breathing heavily and has to support himself by leaning o the desk while Mrs. Wheatley straightens up the chair for him. Tudor collapses into the chair, mumbling and rolling his  head from side to side. Mrs. Wheatley pulls a Kleenex fro her sleeve and dabs away a small trickle of blood coming  from one corner of Tudor's mouth.
15) 11) dialog: We're going to get you to a hospital.  That's what we're going to do.
15) 13) text: Mrs. Wheatley shows Tudor the spot of blood on her Kleene
15) 14) dialog: Do you see this? This is blood. It  came from your insides. That means  it's serious. Probably an ulcer. You  executives are all the same.
15) 16) dialog: (smoothing the hair  back from Tudor's  forehead in a very  motherly fashion) Now, Nicholas, it doesn't cost  anything to be sure everything's all  right. I think you should definitely  go to the emergency ward and...
15) 18) dialog: Nicholas, I think...
15) 20) text: Mrs. Wheatley steps away from the desk, obviously hurt by Tudor's brusqueness.
15) 21) dialog: (mollifyingly) All right, Nicholas. All right.
48) 2) text: Mrs. Spergazzi nods and smiles, patting Mr. Spergazzi's h They round a corner which leads them down the stretch of  hall which passes by Tudor's door. As they approach Tudor's door they notice a plastic milk lying in the hall just below the open milk-chute door. Mrs. Spergazzi detaches herself from her husband and bend down with difficulty to pick up the jug.
48) 3) dialog: Eh, the children in this apartment,  they're such little thieves. You  have to put a lock on everything.
48) 4) text: She puts the jug back in the milk chute. She notices the  blood smeared on it just a second before the parasite in chute fastens itself to her wrist with its suckers. She stares at her wrist in astonishment. She is wearing t parasite like some monstrous, spongy, oozing wristwatch. tries to shake the thing off. It can't be dislodged. She  turns in disbelief to her husband and then screams at the top of her lungs. Mr. Spergazzi lifts his cane and tries to strike the thin with the cane's prongs. The force of his blow throws him balance and he falls, dragging his wife down with him. Mrs. Spergazzi moans in pain and terror. Her husband mana to get to his knees and begins to smash at the thing with his cane. White burning fluid begins to squirt everywhere Mrs Spergazzi's forearm begins to smoke, bubble, and diss She becomes hysterical. Mr. Spergazzi continues to smash away at the thing, now w some success.
54) 2) text: St. Luc and Forsythe rush over and help to support the  slumping Mrs. Spergazzi.
54) 5) text: Spergazzi shows St. Luc his wife's forearm, which has bee badly burned by the parasite's animal-tissue solvent. As  soon as St. Luc starts prodding her arm, Mrs. Spergazzi s to wail in Italian. Spergazzi tries to soothe her as St. examines her carefully.
56) 0) text: The Spergazzi apartment is very heavily decorated in the  Mediterranean European Catholic style, featuring lots of  plastic and plaster Madonnas, calendars with Christ expos his bleeding heart, etc. Mrs. Spergazzi lies on an overstuffed couch with her wris held up for Forsythe to bandage after she coats it with a healing gel. Mrs. Spergazzi wears a suffering-martyr  expression. Mr. Spergazzi leans over the back of the couc patting his wife's other hand solicitously.
65) 0) text: Forsythe waits impatiently for St. Luc. Mr. Spergazzi is  watching a variety show on TV and Mrs. Spergazzi is makin ravioli in the kitchen, more or less recovered from her  encounter with the parasite. Suddenly a piercing scream is heard from down the hall. M Spergazzi, hard of hearing, doesn't notice. The scream is followed by bangs, crashes, and insane laughter and giggl Mrs. Spergazzi comes out of the kitchen. She has heard th noises. She and Forsythe look at each other for a moment, then Forsythe goes to the door and slides the chain lock  into place. She then goes to the telephone to call the po
65) 2) text: She dials a few times, and clicks the receiver button.  Nothing. The phone is dead. She puts the receiver back on the hook. Mrs. Spergazzi knows that something is very wro She wrings her hands and begins to wail in Italian.
67) 0) text: Mrs. Spergazzi is getting hysterical; Mr. Spergazzi is tr to calm her down by getting her to sit in front of the TV set with him. But each time he pushes her down, she pops and begins wailing and moaning again. Forsythe paces back and forth, checks her watch, paces so more. Finally, after a particularly noisy outburst by Mrs Spergazzi, Forsythe picks up the doctor's bag, unchains t door, and leaves. Spergazzi hears the door slam and looks up.