16) 0) text: The Starliner Towers Medical Clinic is small but complete Dr. St. Luc and his nurse, Forsythe, are backed up by a  secretary-receptionist who sits behind a desk surrounded filing cabinets at the end of the hallway which serves as reception area. There are chairs lined up against one wal flanked by coffee tables piled high with the traditional year-old magazines. Three or four people sit waiting to see St. Luc, among th the aging but sprightly Mr. Parkins and Janine Tudor. Par who considers himself something of a ladies' man, is talk to Janine when St. Luc appears and looks at the list of  patients who have signed in.
16) 1) dialog: ...and this Kriedler seems to think  that mega-vitamin therapy may be the  answer to the question of aging.  That's not to suggest that the aging  process is in any way reversible --  I don't think for a minute that it  is -- but it may be stoppable, and  that's where mega-vitamins come in...
16) 2) text: St. Luc gestures to Janine to follow him into his office. Janine gets up, excusing herself to Mr. Parkins.
21) 2) text: Parkins gets up and follows Forsythe into one of the  examination rooms.
22) 0) text: Once inside the examination room, Forsythe closes the doo and hands Parkins a hospital tunic.
22) 2) dialog: (as Forsythe begins  to leave) You don't have to go. I'm not shy.
22) 4) text: Forsythe leaves. Parkins chuckles to himself -- 'still li in the old boy yet' kind of feeling -- and begins to undr
26) 0) text: St. Luc is examining Mr. Parkins. Parkins sits on the  examination table with the hospital tunic on. St. Luc presses gently around Parkins' abdomen in the are of the navel.
26) 1) dialog: Ow! Better take it easy. There's a  lot of pressure in there!
26) 3) dialog: Want me to breathe deeply?
26) 6) dialog: (confidentially) Good shape for an old man, eh?
26) 8) dialog: She had a couple just like them.  Right here near her belly button.  You could push 'em around. I thought  they were kinda sexy, myself.
26) 10) dialog: (shrugs) Didn't seem worried about them.
26) 12) dialog: Yep. She lived in 1208. But we usually  went to my place. Bigger liquor  cabinet, bigger bed. (chuckles, then gets  serious) She was gone when I got back from my  last Florida trip. Too bad. Had a  beautiful tan. (smiles again) Must have gone home to mother.
26) 14) dialog: That's the one.
26) 15) text: St. Luc sits down at the counter beneath the medicine cab and begins to write in Parkins' file.
26) 19) dialog: Gonna cut me open?
26) 21) dialog: Used to know a doctor who said he  got to know his patients better than  their wives did. (chuckles) Cutting a man open sure does expose  more of him than pulling down his  pants, gotta admit that.
34) 0) text: St. Luc sits at his desk and opens Parkins' file. Forsyth about twenty-three, earthy and humorous, comes in with an armful of papers and records, which she throws in groups to St. Luc's desk.