12) 0) text: Next to a shallow porcelain tray full of immense and grot marine worm specimens lies a large parcel wrapped in brow paper. Rollo's plump fingers eagerly open the package to  reveal a large variety of delicatessen sandwiches and  accessories. Rollo offers some to St. Luc while stuffing one in his ow mouth. There are Cokes and old coffees everywhere, plus  mustard, relish, and ketchup dispensers of all kinds. Rol and St. Luc sit around Rollo's desk, a very sleek metal  affair. Rollo's lab itself is a combination of modern office and  biology room in a museum of natural history. Specimens of all kinds, in bottles and cases, mounted on glass and woo floating in preservative baths, are everywhere. There are also a few cages of living insects, moldy aquaria and lab cultures in various stages of neglect. There are also clippings from magazines and newspapers  sporting furious underlinings and circlings in red ink wh are stuck to walls, doors, bookshelves. Despite the potential for chaos, however, there is an  underlying order which reflects Rollo's own real discipli which is not always immediately apparent. And the microsc and glass slides, the stainless-steel gynecological table complete with stirrups, metal drug and instrument cabinet etc., are spotless and in good shape. Rollo is rotund, soft-faced, and a manic-depressive. In h manic phase he is a joker and an elbow-nudger, and his ge style, even when discussing medical matters in medical ja is broad North-American Jewish. In his depressive phase, becomes a sullen kid who has an oddly sinister aspect to character. Rollo detaches himself from his baby beef in order to com on the food that, not so secretly, he loves best of all.
12) 1) dialog: Not exactly the kind of lunch Hobbes  would have laid on you, Rog, but  it's all I got, and... (places hand on heart,  leans over  confidentially) ...all I got I share with you. Go  ahead. Take all you want.
12) 3) dialog: I'm still a VD man under the skin,  Rog. You know me. I'm a down-to-earth  kinda guy, right?
12) 5) dialog: So who changes?
12) 7) dialog: That was my father's idea... private  practice. He wanted to set me up --  I couldn't say no. But he's dead  now. And me, I'm still a snoop, I  gotta do research. Look at that  beautiful stuff... (gestures everywhere) ...lookit it!
12) 9) dialog: (with great enthusiasm,  indicating the entire  lab) This is the 'Satyr's Tongue'!
12) 10) text: He pulls a book off a shelf with a bookmark in it. He ope the book at the marked page and hands it to St. Luc. As S Luc looks at the picture of a satyr with his tongue hangi out and reads the brief note on how medieval alchemists  thought the ground-up tongue of the satyr could cure any  disease, Rollo continues to talk.
12) 11) dialog: The note includes a warning against  swallowing the tongue whole, but we  don't see the rest of this caution.  'Satyr's Tongue' was Hobbes's code  name for our project. What we were  trying to do was to find an  alternative to organ transplants.
12) 12) text: As Rollo speaks, he walks all over the place, picking up discarding various charts, specimens, bottled and disease human organs, etc. As he moves around, we catch glimpses of Letrasetted sign that Rollo has tacked up: 'Sex is the invention of a clev venereal disease -- Hobbes'; 'Dr. Hobbes's prescription:  starve a fever, feed an obsession'; 'The road of excess l to knowledge'; plus several pictures of satyrs with their tongues sticking out, being cut off by alchemists, etc.
12) 13) dialog: I know. You're bored already.  Transplants are yesterday's kishkas,  right?
12) 15) dialog: (excited, waving  specimens of parasites  and diseased organs  around) Look. You got men, you got parasites  that live in, on, and around men.  Now. Why not breed a parasite that  does something useful? Eh? Why not  breed a parasite capable of taking  over the function of any one of a  bunch of human organs? Why not, for  example, a parasite living in the  human abdominal cavity that plugs  into the circulatory system and  filters the blood like a kidney? If  it takes a little blood for itself,  so what? Be generous! You can afford  it.
12) 17) dialog: You put the bug into the body of a  man with a diseased kidney, the bug  attacks the bad kidney, dissolves  it, it's assimilated by the body,  and now you got a perfectly good  parasite where you used to have a  rotten kidney. I know what you're  gonna say. You're gonna say it's  crazy.
12) 19) text: Rollo throws himself back into his chair and grabs a pick
12) 20) dialog: Right. It's crazy. But here's the  beauty part. Ready? (leans forward for  emphasis) Who cares?
12) 22) dialog: You know and I know that Hobbes was  a lousy teacher, eh? Lousy. Dry,  academic, afraid of women, lousy.  But he was always a genius at one  thing -- getting grants. Could he  get grants for crazy projects?
12) 23) text: St. Luc is about to say something, but Rollo answers his rhetorical question with a flip of the hand, effectively  silencing St. Luc.
12) 24) dialog: You know who pays the rent here? Eh?  The Northern Hemisphere Organ  Transplant Society. And that's for  something that's supposed to put  them outta business. And they're not  the only ones. We got grant money  coming out of our ears.
12) 25) text: He leaps up again and pulls a sheaf of reprints from medi journals like the Journal of Venereal Disease, etc. He sh them under St. Luc's nose, then grabs a jar with a  disintegrating octopus-like creature in it and a sandwich the same time. He smacks down the sandwich in front of St Luc by mistake, then retrieves it and substitutes the jar with the specimen. St. Luc sifts through the papers and glances at the speci As St. Luc looks at the papers, Rollo breathes heavily do his neck and points out things of interest.
12) 26) dialog: See? There? You take a little of  this... that's a very rare venereal  disease you get in the nomadic Crinua  people, Northeast Asia and Japan. (points to a sexy  picture of a Japanese  lady in heat) Oo. That one's got it bad. They call  it Batinh. That means 'kiss' or  'caress.' When you get it it makes  your lips itchy, ya wanta kiss  everything. I even had it once. I  always get everything at least once  so I know what the patient's talking  about. (he laughs but he's  serious) And there... you take a little of  that... that's beautiful, isn't it?  That's Flexipes, the world's only  cephalopod parasite. (indicating the jar) That's him right there. Not a very  good specimen. Related to squids and  octopuses. See? He lives in the guts  of whales and big dolphins. (wiggles a finger at  the specimen) Ya like 'em big 'n hot 'n wet, don't  ya? Yeah.
12) 28) dialog: We don't do it all here, we send out  to have tricky stuff done... the  cell fusion, enucleation, chromosomal  fission, all that fancy close work.
12) 29) text: Rollo sighs heavily. St. Luc gently shoves all the papers aside.
12) 31) text: Rollo toys with the gynecological examination table, slid the stirrups in and out on their adjustment bars.
12) 32) dialog: (shrugging) Funny in the head. High suicide rate  in the medical profession. Too much  body, alla time bodies, bodies.
12) 34) dialog: Rog, I gotta talk serious to you.  Really. Listen. Ya listening? OK. I  want you to come into this with me.  To tell the honest-to-God truth, I'm  lonely. (begins to pace around  again) All Hobbes ever did was run around  getting money and phone me in the  middle of the night. He wanted you  in anyway. That's why we were gonna  get together, the three of us. We  would have enough to keep us going  for at least five years, even with  inflation.
12) 36) dialog: (almost angrily) You want to help sick people for the  rest of your life? God forbid I should  talk you out of it.
12) 38) dialog: It was women did it to Hobbes.  Couldn't handle them. That girl,  that Annabelle -- talk about crazy  projects.
12) 40) dialog: (reluctant to talk) Aw, he met her when he was lecturing  at some private girls' school. They  caught him examining her little tits  for breast cancer in the faculty  lounge. She was twelve. Don't ask.  It was craziness, believe me. (indicating the  gynecological table) They used to come here sometimes. (shakes his head) Don't ask.
12) 42) dialog: I'll never really understand how he  could do what he did to her.
12) 45) text: He moves toward the door. Rollo trails after him, head do obviously dejected.
12) 46) dialog: Yeah, sure.
12) 47) text: They shake hands. St. Luc has to open the door himself -- Rollo is really preoccupied. Finally he looks St. Luc in eye.
12) 48) dialog: But you'll think about what I said  about working together, huh?
12) 50) text: Rollo manages a smile. St. Luc leaves, closing the door b him.
34) 13) dialog: That you, Rog?
34) 15) dialog: It's me, Rollo Linsky. Remember me?
34) 17) text: Realizing that the conversation is likely to be a long on Forsythe gets off the desk and walks over to a metal lock in the corner, which she opens. Inside are her street clothes. She begins to take off her nurse's uniform in full view of St. Luc, not being obviou about the distraction she's providing, but not taking pai to hurry dressing or be modest either. In the scene that follows we cut among three basic things Rollo in his lab, talking and eating; St. Luc in his offi watching Forsythe get undressed and then dressed; and Hob notes and scribblings, which do not necessarily have to b on the screen long enough to be completely read. Hobbes's notes are there more to convince the viewer that they exi and to provide flavor than to transfer information.
35) 0) text: In his lab, Rollo sits at the gynecological table abandon by Hobbes. Rollo is using it as an auxiliary desk. On the table are several opened waxed-paper packages of b knishes and accessories. There are also several old cardb shoeboxes, some still tied with string, some opened and  overflowing with papers of all kinds: Hobbes's private no
35) 1) dialog: (eating a knish) Yeah, well, I'm flattered, but you  won't find any real meat in them.
35) 3) dialog: (shuffling papers) Listen, Rog. I knew Hobbes was funny,  you know? I told you that. But I  didn't really know just how funny he  was. See... when he kicked off, they  sent all the personal secret stuff  they found to his mother -- she's  still alive but just barely -- and  she sent everything she thought was  medical to me here at the lab. I'm  Hobbes's partner, right? (laughs sardonically) Anyway, I've been going through his  papers, and what they add up to is  this: Hobbes was shafting us all,  me, the university, the foundations  and the councils, the private labs,  everybody. We never really knew what  it was we were working on. Hobbes  gave us each a few crumbs, but he  was the only one who knew what the  whole loaf would look like.
37) 1) dialog: It looks like -- and I quote -- 'a  disease to save man from his mind.'
37) 3) dialog: Lemme clarify for you.
37) 4) text: Rollo pauses to wash down some knish with a can of Coca-C
39) 0) text: Rollo searches through Hobbes's notes to find the relevan quotes. As he does so, he drops a few crumbs of knish on page and his plump fingers brush the crumbs away, smearin some meat over the words.
39) 1) dialog: Hobbes thought that man is an animal  that thinks too much, an animal that  has lost touch with his instinct,  his 'primal self'... in other words,  too much brain and not enough guts.  And what he came up with to help our  guts along was a human parasite that  is... lemme find it here... 'a  combination of aphrodisiac and  venereal disease, a modern version  of the satyr's tongue.'
39) 2) text: Rollo pauses and flips to a new note with the heading  ANNABELLE underlined in red: 'She is becoming a new creat before my eyes. It is like living at the Dawn of Creation am euphoric, I am in ecstasy.'
39) 3) dialog: But the important thing for you is  this: Hobbes used Annabelle as a  guinea pig. He implanted her with  the thing. I figure that once the  parasites took, Annabelle went  berserk. I dunno what she did, but  Hobbes wasn't ready for it. He had  to kill her. And he wasn't trying to  burn her, he was burning them, all  of them.
40) 2) dialog: Huh?
41) 1) dialog: I'd kinda like to come over there  and have a look at one of these guys.
41) 3) dialog: Yeah. (pause) Ah, I don't want to panic you or  anything, but, I mean, the way Hobbes  designed them, they're supposed to  get out of hand real quick, so you  don't have much time to think about  what's happening to you. Once they  decide to start pumping all those  dynamite juices into the old blood  stream... I dunno. But if you see  some people doing kind of compulsive,  maybe even bizarre sexual things...
41) 5) dialog: I dunno. Try tranquilizers. Once you  can get at them, there's a lotta  stuff you can use. I'll bring a  bagful. It's just the standard  tropical kit. But the trick is to  get at them.
42) 2) dialog: OK, Rog. See you at ten.
61) 0) text: Rollo puts his jacket on, picks up his doctor's bag and a manila envelope jammed solid with Hobbes's notes, and lea his lab, turning off the lights and locking the door behi him.
62) 0) text: Rollo gets into his car, which is parked in a now empty  parking lot adjacent to the building in which his lab is  situated. His car is large and American and ostentatious, gold Cadillac Eldorado with options or equivalent. The car pulls out of the lot and on to the street.
77) 0) text: Rollo's car pulls up to the main doors and parks in a  blatantly illegal space. He flips up a card on the dash w says 'M.D. ON CALL,' then gets out of the car. He walks up the steps and through the main doors, which a wide open. Nobody is in sight.
78) 0) text: Rollo walks along the hallway, bag in hand, envelope unde arm. He stops in front of Tudor's door, checks the number against the number written in his notebook, then knocks o the door. Nobody answers. He knocks once more, then looks around  shiftily before turning the knob and walking right in.
79) 0) text: Rollo enters and closes the door behind him, deliberately slamming it. He walks into the center of the living room bellows.
79) 1) dialog: Hello, good evening, is anybody here?  Dr. St. Luc? It's Dr. Linsky here to  see you for consultation.
79) 2) text: Still no answer. Rollo is puzzled. He snoops around the  apartment until he finds the bedroom with its door half  closed. He pushes gently on the door and opens it gradual
79) 3) dialog: It's Dr. Linsky. Anybody home?
79) 4) text: Rollo can now see the figure of Tudor lying in bed in the dim light of the bedroom. Rollo enters the bedroom.
79) 5) dialog: Is that Mr. Nicholas Tudor? It's Dr.  Linsky. I'm meeting Dr. St. Luc here.  He must be a little bit late.
79) 7) dialog: Is anyone here? Nicholas Tudor? Is  that you? Tudor? Mind if I have a  look at you?
79) 9) dialog: Just a peek, OK? A little peek won't  hurt.
79) 10) text: Tudor's abdomen is gradually exposed as the covers are dr back. Crouched in the shadows is one of the freshly emerg blood parasites, which sits poised for only a fraction of second before it springs at Rollo's face with great energ As the thing hits Rollo's face it locks on to his head by entangling its stubby tentacles in his hair and attaching its suckers to his cheeks and chin. Rollo tries to stand, then staggers and falls. The thing  tries to force its way into Rollo's mouth, cutting his li in the process. They bleed furiously. When Rollo manages pull a sucker away, a piece of his flesh comes with it. As he writhes on the carpeted floor, two more parasites a crawling toward him from under the bed, covered with dust from the floor. They clamber on to him and fasten on to h face, suckering on to his ears, his throat, forehead, eye One of them begins to ooze corrosive fluid on to his face Rollo screams in pain. He manages to roll to his feet. He staggers out of the  darkness of the bedroom into the living room, one arm  extended, groping like a blind man, the three parasites s locked on to his face. They try to pull his lips apart, b he keeps his teeth firmly clenched to keep them from forc their way into the depths of his body. He takes a few unbalanced steps toward the kitchen. With sudden spasm of pain, he hurls himself sideways into the  kitchen and almost falls again, grabbing at the last mome on to the sink. His hands touch a large pair of pliers, a screwdriver, an hammer on the counter by the sink, left there by Tudor we ago. Rollo seizes the pliers and begins to pull the paras from his face with their steel jaws. The parasites, swoll with Tudor's blood, burst and spurt as the pliers tear th apart. In the bedroom, Tudor's eyes snap open. His head rises fr the pillow. He swings his legs over the side of the bed and, ashen an gaunt, shakes his head slowly as though waking from a dre He begins to mumble.
79) 12) text: Then, as though listening to himself and suddenly  understanding what he is saying, he rises to his feet sha and walks to the kitchen. He stops at the kitchen door. Rollo has torn the parasites from his face and is poundin away at them in the kitchen sink. The parasites wriggle a curl in their own blood in the sink as he smashes away at them with the pliers. Tudor staggers toward Rollo.
79) 14) text: He starts to paw Rollo, feebly trying to prevent him from further mutilating the parasites. He reaches over St. Luc shoulder and grabs a large chunk of one of the parasites.
79) 16) text: Rollo turns as Tudor begins to shove the piece of flesh b down his throat. As Rollo turns we see that bits of tentacles and suckers still attached to his cheeks, throat, forehead. His face melting and smoking in areas where it has been burned by corrosive fluid on one side. He stares in rage at Tudor. With a scream, Rollo strikes Tudor with the pliers. Tudor falls, hitting his head on various chairs and protruding  corners as he goes down, the chunk of parasite still in h mouth as he finally comes to rest, twitching, on the floo Rollo drops the pliers on the floor. He stares at Tudor in shock. His face is reflected in a c frying pan hanging over the stove. Noticing the reflectio Rollo leans over to get close to his own horrible image. gingerly touches his face, inspecting the damage, shiveri and moaning. Still shaking, he turns to leave. Without warning, Tudor leaps up at Rollo with insane ener and bowls him over, pliers in hand. Sitting on Rollo's ch Tudor smashes away at Rollo's face and head with the plie the piece of dead parasite in his mouth dropping on to Ro face as he drools.
81) 0) text: As St. Luc begins to ascend the stairs, we can see tiny b hooks tearing through Forsythe's gag. Blood begins to soa through from the inside. A group of residents suddenly appear at the next landing  above St. Luc and, noticing them, begin to walk down the  steps, moaning and crooning and making vaguely sexual ges toward the pair. Blood is now pouring from Forsythe's mouth and tentacles groping for leverage at her cheeks and chin. St. Luc decides to attempt to shoulder his way up the sta certain that Rollo and the police must be at the main doo As he hits the residents on the stairs, they try to kiss  him, caress him, pull his clothes off. They finally manag to drag Forsythe from his shoulders, almost unbalancing h as they do so. St. Luc tries to prop her up on her feet, she's completely limp. St. Luc holds Forsythe against the stairway wall as residents mill all about them. He looks her in sudden hopelessness.