7) 13) text: The trains of 1942 have their own beauty, with felt seats shaded lamps, and paneled compartments even in the econom section. But the glow of the train is outshone by EVELYN STEWART. She's one of ten young women, Army nurses, gathe at one end of the car as it rattles along the track. The other nurses are pretty and ripe -- maybe a bit too ripe. Their lips painted bright red, their faces powdered their spirits high. Evelyn listens in amusement to BETTY, a cute blonde with unmissable boobs, and BARBARA, a burnette equally endowed
7) 15) dialog: You mean hiding them?
7) 19) dialog: We'll ask Evelyn. Evelyn? Evelyn!
7) 24) dialog: Give her an enema.
7) 26) dialog: I tell you. Any one of those arrogant, leather-jacketed, slick-lookin' flyboys tries that line on me...he's gonna get anything he wants. As the nurses laugh --
9) 0) text: It's a party in full swing; swing music, jitterbugging, beautiful young men and women in high spirits. Rafe and Evelyn are sitting at a big table with the other pilots and nurses. Anthony's paired up with Sandra, Billy with Barbara, and Red, shyest of the group, finds himself next to Betty. Betty's already found a companion in Red Strange.
9) 14) dialog: I hope you can back that up, flyboy. Cause you're not ever gonna forget tonight. She takes him by the hand and pulls him to his feet... Th start dancing, sexy movements that won't stop till they'v been in bed. Rafe pulls Evelyn to her feet, and leads her through the dancers, outside.
21) 2) dialog: You know the ratio of men to women on this island? Four-thousand...to one. Barbara slides on a new pair of sunglasses with plastic p trees glued on the sides, and calls back to the guards as jeeps pull away --
21) 3) dialog: See ya on the beach, boys!
39) 1) dialog: Now listen, it's hands off Billy. I mean, you can put your hands on him if you want to, but then my hands will break yours.
39) 3) dialog: No, I was.
48) 1) dialog: Let's get into civvies and find a bar.
48) 3) dialog: You've gotta sin some, to get forgiveness. Come with us, Evelyn. You need some sin.
48) 7) dialog: You don't forget love, Honey. Not ever.
64) 1) dialog: What is it with nurses and pilots?
132) 0) text: Evelyn reaches the hospital first and runs to the cabine withdrawing supplies. Barbara and Sandra appear at the far door, both terrified