7) 13) text: The trains of 1942 have their own beauty, with felt seats shaded lamps, and paneled compartments even in the econom section. But the glow of the train is outshone by EVELYN STEWART. She's one of ten young women, Army nurses, gathe at one end of the car as it rattles along the track. The other nurses are pretty and ripe -- maybe a bit too ripe. Their lips painted bright red, their faces powdered their spirits high. Evelyn listens in amusement to BETTY, a cute blonde with unmissable boobs, and BARBARA, a burnette equally endowed
7) 14) dialog: Do you have trouble with your boobs in the uniform?
7) 16) dialog: Hide them? On a date with pilots? I'm talking about how you make them show! SANDRA, another nurse, speaks up.
7) 18) dialog: The boobs or the pilots? The girls laugh and shove each others' knees; it's a part wherever they go. But Evelyn can't keep her mind on the frivolity. She looks out the window and her thoughts drif away.
7) 20) dialog: 000, she's thinking of her date! Come on, you've been dating a pilot. We want to know what we can expect. Suddenly all the girlish faces are looking at Evelyn.
7) 23) dialog: Morphine, give her morphine!
8) 0) text: The nurses start stepping out; both pilots and nurses pre surprise to see each. At the door of the train, Evelyn whispers to Betty --
8) 2) dialog: I'll take that one.
8) 12) dialog: I was hoping to meet him.
8) 14) dialog: I just want to tell you one thing. If you're thinking this might be your last night on earth?... I'm prepared to make it meaningful. (leaning close) Very meaningful.
9) 0) text: It's a party in full swing; swing music, jitterbugging, beautiful young men and women in high spirits. Rafe and Evelyn are sitting at a big table with the other pilots and nurses. Anthony's paired up with Sandra, Billy with Barbara, and Red, shyest of the group, finds himself next to Betty. Betty's already found a companion in Red Strange.
9) 2) dialog: Red...Strange?
9) 4) dialog: But...they called you Strange? Because of Red Grange? I don't get it. Was Red Grange strange?
9) 6) dialog: Do you always stutter?
9) 8) dialog: Nervous?
9) 11) dialog: Don't be nervous. Red looks at Betty with love in his eyes. Under the table Rafe and Evelyn join hands too.
39) 2) dialog: He was that good?
48) 5) dialog: Morphine? We've been here a month and nobody's had worse than a sunburn. Evelyn smiles softly and walks toward the base hospital.
48) 6) dialog: I wish she could forget him.
62) 2) dialog: Barbara, here's yours...and Evelyn, here you are. Evelyn opens her basket, and finds a lei of Hawaiian flow stuffed in the top. Betty scoots over and puts the flower around Evelyn's neck.
62) 3) dialog: It's been a month and you haven't smiled. We just want you to know we love you. Evelyn's touched -- but before she can react two P-40's z out of the skies, wings clipping the tops of the palm tre as they blast over head.
80) 2) dialog: This came while you were gone. Evelyn knows it's the telegram from Rafe, to tell her he' alive. Without opening it, she begins to cry, and hurries away from the barracks so the other nurses won't see.
180) 0) text: The Nevada is grounded near the hospital; from the doorwa Evelyn can see the whole ship on fire, burning sailors leaping off the decks. Her hearing, her presence of mind, returns; she lets Betty go, and grabs an ORDERLY.
207) 0) text: There is a mass memorial service going on, with caskets draped in flags. There are also coffins covered in Japanese flags, their drowned fliers being treated now with respect. Everyone is in their best uniforms. The pilots -- Rafe, Danny, and the other guys -- are looking at Billy's coffi Evelyn, next to Danny, on his appropriate side is looking one that belongs to Betty. So is Red; he's grieving.