2) 0) text: The planes land in tight order and taxi off the runway; s down their props, slide back the canopies and hop down. W see young pilots we'll get to know: ANTHONY, BILLY, RED.
4) 0) text: From Rafe and Danny's POV, the rush is awesome. THE PILOTS ON THE GROUND watch in awe as the P-40's get close they can't possibly get out of each other's way. Billy, the most boyish-faced of the pilots, yells to drow out the sound of the collision... At the last instant, both planes snap a quarter turn so t their wings are vertical, and they shoot past each other belly to belly.
4) 14) dialog: Do what?
4) 17) dialog: Why?
4) 22) dialog: Shit.
6) 0) text: The pilots are getting slicked up for a night on the town Danny's at the mirrors with the others; he's putting on cologne, and looks terrific in his uniform. Anthony and Billy are combing their hair at the sinks. Bi declares to his image in the mirror --
6) 1) dialog: You good-lookin' sumbitch...don't you EVER die!
6) 3) dialog: What, good-lookin' sumbitch?
7) 7) dialog: (from the bus) The nurses are waiting!
9) 0) text: It's a party in full swing; swing music, jitterbugging, beautiful young men and women in high spirits. Rafe and Evelyn are sitting at a big table with the other pilots and nurses. Anthony's paired up with Sandra, Billy with Barbara, and Red, shyest of the group, finds himself next to Betty. Betty's already found a companion in Red Strange.
9) 13) dialog: You're a very special woman, and...well baby, they're training me for war, and we don't know what happens tomorrow. So we gotta make tonight special. Barbara shoots a look at Evelyn, before she answers.
31) 2) dialog: Where are the women on this -- Danny has stopped before the others; now all of them see the other pilots who inhabit this air base are still in t beds, sleeping off hangovers. They wear Hawaiian shirts; they haven't shaved.
33) 8) dialog: Hey, isn't that Evelyn? Danny moves up to look.
38) 1) dialog: Are you sure they're here?
38) 5) dialog: He's been like that all day. Hey Danny, you coming?
40) 1) dialog: Red, Peeping Tom stuff can get us court- marshaled.
82) 1) text: Drink up. Then we'll talk. Rafe takes the challenge, and takes a long pull on one of straws. Red, Anthony, Billy, and several others enter the bar.
138) 1) dialog: Goddamn Japs! Billy jumps to his feet and starts to run toward a cluste fighters that hasn't gone up yet.
138) 2) text: Billy! Anthony tries to grab him and drag him back to earth but misses; Billy gets a few steps before the fire froma strafing Zero catches up to him; his friends watch in hor as Billy gets shorter as he runs; the Zero's machine gun is sawing his legs off from the feet up. Billy falls, legless but still alive; then a bomb falls almost on top of him, sending body parts over the pilots. Their innocence, like America's, is gone in that moment.
207) 0) text: There is a mass memorial service going on, with caskets draped in flags. There are also coffins covered in Japanese flags, their drowned fliers being treated now with respect. Everyone is in their best uniforms. The pilots -- Rafe, Danny, and the other guys -- are looking at Billy's coffi Evelyn, next to Danny, on his appropriate side is looking one that belongs to Betty. So is Red; he's grieving.