1) 0) text: American P-40 fighters blast through the air, props screa and wind singing by their wings. There are eight pilots in their individual seats, and we focus on two: RAFE MCCAWLEY has grown lean and handsome. And DANNY WALKER is very much the same. Their planes start swapping positions in the formation; w the other guys are flying along in a tight line, Rafe and Danny are playing, one of them gunning his engine to go h the other diving and coming back up in his place, leapfrogging. It scares the other guys, having their planes flashing in out, so close. The TRAINING CAPTAIN, watching through binoculars on the ground, talks into his RADIO --
87) 0) text: The WATCH OFFICER listens to a report on his headset and turns to the CAPTAIN.
88) 0) text: Another destroyer, the RALPH TALBOT, cruises behind the Selfridge. On it's bridge, the DUTY OFFICER speaks to the CAPTAIN.
100) 1) text: The American destroyer WARD cuts through the water, movin back into port after a night patrol. It's CAPTAIN is on t bridge, and its lookouts are still scanning the waters.
104) 0) text: The Captain watches the sub sinking and snaps an order.
124) 0) text: The Captain of the ship has reached the command bridge, w most of his staff is lying wounded from a bomb blast.
126) 0) text: Dorie arrives to see the medics crouched over the disemboweled Captain, who is still giving orders.
127) 0) text: Dorie carries the Captain down the ladder by himself, usi one arm to climb and one to hold the Captain like a child teddy bear. When they reach the bottom the pain has grown too much for the Captain; he know's he's dying.
174) 1) text: The Captain is struggling to save his ship.
176) 0) text: The Nevada's Captain feels the ship shudder as it takes h amidships.
190) 0) text: Divers are going down, trying to save the trapped men. Bu the tangle of the Arizona is horrific. One diver gets trapped, and another tries to extricate him, and the stee shifts and falls on them both. ON THE DECK OF BOMB-SHATTERED BATTLESHIP, a naval CAPTAIN oversees rescue efforts. The 17-year-old sailor he sent o for ammo now approaches him, with great concern.
190) 2) dialog: Well, son, we won't worry about the dinghy today.