1) 0) text: American P-40 fighters blast through the air, props screa and wind singing by their wings. There are eight pilots in their individual seats, and we focus on two: RAFE MCCAWLEY has grown lean and handsome. And DANNY WALKER is very much the same. Their planes start swapping positions in the formation; w the other guys are flying along in a tight line, Rafe and Danny are playing, one of them gunning his engine to go h the other diving and coming back up in his place, leapfrogging. It scares the other guys, having their planes flashing in out, so close. The TRAINING CAPTAIN, watching through binoculars on the ground, talks into his RADIO --
87) 0) text: The WATCH OFFICER listens to a report on his headset and turns to the CAPTAIN.
87) 2) dialog: How big?
87) 4) dialog: Probably a blackfish. I've seen them look like subs.
88) 0) text: Another destroyer, the RALPH TALBOT, cruises behind the Selfridge. On it's bridge, the DUTY OFFICER speaks to the CAPTAIN.
88) 2) dialog: Radio room! Raise the Selfridge. Tell the Squadron Commander we have spotted a sub and request permission to depth charge. He looks again at the black shape, passing a few hundred yards from them.
88) 3) dialog: We're five miles from Pearl Harbor and it's moving in from the open sea. Prepare to move to attack speed. The INTERCOM comes alive.
88) 5) dialog: What?
88) 7) dialog: If it's a blackfish, it has a motorboat up it's ass!
100) 1) text: The American destroyer WARD cuts through the water, movin back into port after a night patrol. It's CAPTAIN is on t bridge, and its lookouts are still scanning the waters.
100) 3) dialog: That's a conning tower.
100) 5) dialog: He's trying to follow us through the sub nets, into the harbor. Sink the son of a bitch.
102) 1) dialog: Dive! Dive!
104) 0) text: The Captain watches the sub sinking and snaps an order.
104) 1) dialog: Fleet command, from destroyer Ward. Have fired upon and sunk enemy submarine seeking to enter Pearl Harbor.
124) 0) text: The Captain of the ship has reached the command bridge, w most of his staff is lying wounded from a bomb blast.
124) 1) dialog: Stay calm! Find your positions. Medics, get the wounded to sick bay! Load and -- MORE TORPEDOES and BOMBS blast into the ship. A big chunk shrapnel tears into the Captain and rips his stomach open The medics he was just directing to other men now run to as the men they were going to help have been blown apart.
126) 0) text: Dorie arrives to see the medics crouched over the disemboweled Captain, who is still giving orders.
126) 1) dialog: Radio for air cover. Organize the other medics. Initiate fire control. Dorie helps the medic lift the Captain to take him below.
127) 0) text: Dorie carries the Captain down the ladder by himself, usi one arm to climb and one to hold the Captain like a child teddy bear. When they reach the bottom the pain has grown too much for the Captain; he know's he's dying.
127) 1) dialog: Put me down here. Dorie puts him down; the medic jumps down the ladder and reaches the Captain, who tells him --
127) 2) dialog: Find my executive officer and tell him he's in command. Tell him to fire the boilers and... He trembles in death throes...
127) 3) dialog: Make sure the gunners have enough ammuni -- He's dead. The Medic runs toward the ladder, reaches the hatch, and is blasted back to the bottom by an explosion overhead. Dorie runs for the ladder, and climbs out into hell.
174) 1) text: The Captain is struggling to save his ship.
174) 2) dialog: We can save her if we make the open sea!
176) 0) text: The Nevada's Captain feels the ship shudder as it takes h amidships.
176) 1) dialog: We're not gonna make it -- and if we go down here we block the channel... Beach her, there! His officers relay the order to the helm, and the ship's rudder turns as more blasts rip her hull.
190) 0) text: Divers are going down, trying to save the trapped men. Bu the tangle of the Arizona is horrific. One diver gets trapped, and another tries to extricate him, and the stee shifts and falls on them both. ON THE DECK OF BOMB-SHATTERED BATTLESHIP, a naval CAPTAIN oversees rescue efforts. The 17-year-old sailor he sent o for ammo now approaches him, with great concern.
190) 2) dialog: Well, son, we won't worry about the dinghy today.