0) 4) dialog: Power dive! They buzz their lips in a flying noise and work the contr Rafe's bare feet on one pedal, Danny's on the other.
0) 6) dialog: Kill the bastards! Rafe looks at Danny in shock -- then they both laugh and right back into their game, manufacturing their own machi gun and engine sounds.
0) 8) dialog: Good shooting, Rafe!
0) 10) dialog: Home of the brave!
0) 13) dialog: Daddy, I told you I was comin' here. His father slaps him off his feet. Rafe is so horrified h can't get a sound out. Danny isn't even surprised. But wh his father snatches him up again, twisting the overall st so tight they choke him, he struggles. It does no good; h father starts marching across the field, dragging and strangling Danny.
0) 14) dialog: Da!... Dad... The father's drunken anger makes him oblivious -- until CRACK! The 2x4 propeller slams him across the back, knock him to the ground and making him drop Danny. The father rolls over to see 10-year-old Rafe, holding th 2x4 like a bat.
0) 16) dialog: Rafe... Daddy... No! The man looks murderous, but Rafe draws back the board.
0) 19) dialog: Daddy! Daddy! wait. Danny catches him, takes his father's hand, and walks aw with him. The crop duster we saw in the air has just landed, behind Rafe. The pilot, RAFE'S FATHER, shuts off the engine.
1) 0) text: American P-40 fighters blast through the air, props screa and wind singing by their wings. There are eight pilots in their individual seats, and we focus on two: RAFE MCCAWLEY has grown lean and handsome. And DANNY WALKER is very much the same. Their planes start swapping positions in the formation; w the other guys are flying along in a tight line, Rafe and Danny are playing, one of them gunning his engine to go h the other diving and coming back up in his place, leapfrogging. It scares the other guys, having their planes flashing in out, so close. The TRAINING CAPTAIN, watching through binoculars on the ground, talks into his RADIO --
1) 2) text: I thought this was a training flight. I'm just trying to give Danny some training.
1) 3) dialog: Not on your best day, boy! Rafe grins and guns his plane low, in the opposite direct he was moving before. Danny reacts almost instantly... leapfrogging in the opposite direction, scaring the piss of everybody else.
1) 6) dialog: Hey, you wanna test my limits, you better line up a couple dozen women on the GROUND...cause I got NO limits in the air! Rafe grins, loving the challenge. Then he and Danny do th leapfrogging maneuver laterally, swapping sides in the v.
4) 0) text: From Rafe and Danny's POV, the rush is awesome. THE PILOTS ON THE GROUND watch in awe as the P-40's get close they can't possibly get out of each other's way. Billy, the most boyish-faced of the pilots, yells to drow out the sound of the collision... At the last instant, both planes snap a quarter turn so t their wings are vertical, and they shoot past each other belly to belly.
4) 4) dialog: If I had guns I'd be chewing up your -- Rafe feints left, banks right, and appears behind Danny.
4) 8) dialog: Yee-hawww!!! Danny taxis his plane over to join the others. He's grinn as he slides back his cockpit cover; then --
4) 9) dialog: Where's Rafe? Red, tall with flaming orange hair, tips his chin toward air. Seeing Rafe's plane still in the air, Danny starts t refasten his harness.
4) 11) dialog: What about him?
4) 13) dialog: He's gonna do it.
4) 15) dialog: It. (beat) Aw, shit. Aw shit shit shit... RAFE'S PLANE reaches two thousand feet, just a speck abov them, and seems to pause in the air.
4) 16) dialog: I shouldn't'a done an inside loop. I shouldn't'a done an inside loop.
4) 18) dialog: Cause now he's gonna do an outside loop.
4) 24) dialog: You can do it, Rafe. You can do it. The P-40, hurtling toward the ground at nauseating speed, snaps into a half roll, streaking upside down over the runway. Rafe hangs inverted in his flight harness, the asphalt of the runway shooting past, ten feet beyond his head. He pushes the plane into a climb, his cockpit on the outs of the circle. The plane reaches the top of its arc, and almost stalls; but Rafe noses it over again, toward the earth, only this time he has very little altitude. The pl hurtles down, still with it belly on the inside of the curve... And makes it full circle. Rafe's head now is barely a foo off the asphalt as the plane shoots past, still inverted. THE OTHER PILOTS burst into cheers. RAFE, IN HIS COCKPIT permits himself a smile. He lands, and the guys run out to meet him...all except f the Training Captain, who stands there shaking his head. Danny jumps on the wing, as Rafe stops and slides back hi canopy. Danny grabs him by the harness and shakes him.
4) 25) dialog: You could've killed yourself, you stupid bastard! He dives into the cockpit, hugging Rafe.
4) 26) dialog: That was the most beautiful thing I ever saw.
6) 0) text: The pilots are getting slicked up for a night on the town Danny's at the mirrors with the others; he's putting on cologne, and looks terrific in his uniform. Anthony and Billy are combing their hair at the sinks. Bi declares to his image in the mirror --
6) 6) dialog: Doolittle didn't kill you? Attaboy! Rafe catches Danny's arm.
7) 0) text: Rafe and Danny are walking on the parade ground; the othe guys are already on the bus that will take them into town Danny's upset by what Rafe just told him.
7) 1) dialog: How could you do this?
7) 3) dialog: I don't mean how'd you do the paperwork, I mean how the hell did you do it without letting me in on it?
7) 5) dialog: Don't make this a joke, Rafe. You're talking about war, and I know what war does to people.
7) 9) dialog: Nah, you go on.
7) 11) dialog: Some other time. I don't feel like a party. Danny walks away. The bus driver's ready to leave, and Re is honking the horn for Rafe to come. Rafe reluctantly le Danny go, and heads for the bus, where the pilots are chanting --
12) 0) text: Rafe and Danny stand on the platform. Rafe's got his gear packed in a bag slung over his shoulder.
12) 2) dialog: Didn't you say you told her not to come?
12) 4) dialog: Then why are you looking for her?
12) 8) dialog: You're still a kid, ya know that? Take care of yourself.
12) 10) dialog: Give 'em hell, Rafe.
14) 0) text: Danny walks to one of the three revolving doors back into station. He takes the one on the far right. As he passes through it, he doesn't see Evelyn rushing through the doo the left side. She's told herself she wouldn't come, but couldn't help it, and now as she sees the last car of the train disappearing around the corner the pain of it all h her. She stands on the empty platform, as lonely as Rafe.
31) 0) text: Danny Walker and his pilot buddies have just arrived; the enter the barracks, talking happily.
31) 4) dialog: Drop your cocks and grab your socks, boys! The terror of the skies are here! The sleeping pilots groan, and cover their heads with the pillows.
31) 6) dialog: Hey. You. Mr. Coma.
31) 8) dialog: What lizard?
31) 10) dialog: What the hell happened to you guys? Coma is one of those drunks who speak as if he's always a to burp.
31) 14) dialog: This is an Air Base? Where's your squad commander? The question soaks through to Coma's brain. His right han points...and his left hand points...in different directio His hands float around in the air until finally both of are indicating the same direction, behind his back. In th bunk beyond Coma's is another drunk pilot in a Hawaiian shirt...and to judge by the shapely bronzed leg that protrudes from under his damp sheet, there's a woman with too. Danny and his buddies are speechless -- except for Red Strange.
31) 17) dialog: Yeah.
32) 0) text: Danny and his buddies stride up to the airfield. It's ful of fighter planes -- and they're all bunched together in clusters on the field. Danny grabs a MECHANIC.
32) 1) dialog: Hey! What is this, the planes all bunched up like that?
32) 3) dialog: What about easier to hit in an air raid?
32) 5) dialog: Yeah.
32) 7) dialog: Well guys...I reckon there's just one thing to do...
33) 0) text: Danny and the pilots are in Hawaiian shirts, their party full swing. A bucket-sized hollowed-out volcano sits in t middle of the table, with twelve straws emerging from the crater. It's full of booze -- or was; Danny and the other guys are pulling heartily at the straws, and they gurgle the last liquid is sucked dry.
33) 9) dialog: Rafe's girl, Evelyn?
33) 11) dialog: A friend of mine's in love with her. So you don't even look -- not ever. Danny releases him and Coma staggers back to the table to nuzzle up to one of the straws of the mai-tai volcano. Danny looks out the window again and sees Evelyn's beauti form disappear around the corner, on her way back to the hospital. Danny moves back to the table, and as two burly Hawaiian waiters set another full loaded mai-tai volcano the center of the table, he picks up a glass and dips it of the potent liquid. He shouts to the whole room --
33) 12) dialog: I'm a better pilot than any son-of-a- bitch on this island! So I'm the one to say this! Here's to Rafe McCawley! A better pilot...and a better man...than me. The other pilots drink up -- from glasses or from straws.
38) 6) dialog: Nah, I'm gonna stay here. Read. Anthony and Billy look at each other; Danny's in his bunk and he's not reading, just staring at the ceiling.
51) 2) dialog: Lieutenant... I'm Danny Walker. I'm Rafe McCawley's best friend.
52) 0) text: Evelyn and Danny sit on the bench, with a sweeping view o the harbor and the lights winking on all around it as the settles beyond the horizon. Evelyn is stoic, numb; Danny the one who is struggling.
52) 1) dialog: Before Rafe left, he asked me to be the one to tell you, if it happened.
52) 3) dialog: Rafe's folks had a crop dusting business, owned their own planes. Real straight, frugal. My father was the town drunk. Went to sleep one night on the railroad tracks and was still there when the Dawn Express came along. Rafe and I were the only ones at the funeral. He took me back to his house, and I never left.
52) 5) dialog: I taught him to drink beer. He taught me how to fly.
52) 7) dialog: ...He said that? Evelyn nods, still staring away from Danny. This pierces Danny; he looks away, struggling not to let the emotions him completely under.
52) 8) dialog: Look, uh...Rafe's dad...he wrote me with the news, and it took me a couple of days to work up the guts to come here and tell you. I'm not as brave as Rafe, or as noble. But if there's anything I can ever do to help -- you let me know, okay? She stares into the distance. He stands and puts his hand top of hers, as much for his comfort as for hers.
52) 9) dialog: I understand why Rafe loved you. You're as strong as he was. Since she's still not looking at him, he starts to move a When he reaches the turn in the path, he looks back, and her figure in the gathering darkness. She's begun to brea down; and as he watches, her whole body starts convulsing and she doubles up in shattering grief. Danny can't just stand there; he moves back to her, and p a hand on her shoulder. He sits beside her again, and suddenly she turns to him and sobs upon him. Danny wraps gently in his arms, and then he breaks down, having found first place he can truly grieve.
63) 0) text: Danny and Anthony are the pilots; as they pull up and awa they pass over some officers on the golf course, scaring shit out of them as they putt.
67) 0) text: Danny is walking toward the barracks when a COLONEL hoppi mad, confronts him.
67) 2) dialog: Yes Sir.
67) 4) dialog: You liked that?
67) 6) dialog: Sir?
67) 8) dialog: Hale-what?
67) 10) dialog: Sir, I --
67) 12) dialog: I wasn't gonna apologize, Sir. I was just gonna say it was worth it to feel like a real pilot again, even if it was only for five seconds. The Colonel glares at him and stalks away.
68) 0) text: Danny and Evelyn are having coffee at the base canteen.
68) 1) dialog: How's everything?
68) 3) dialog: That might not have been such a good idea. They're making us fly out of a half-paved airfield. The real punishment is that I won't be back to the barracks till it's too late for dinner or coffee. So I guess it's goodbye for awhile.
68) 5) dialog: I swore not to talk about him tonight, but there's all this stuff I think I ought to tell you, that he didn't get a chance to. Rafe was...he was lonely. He had such high expectations of himself that he always felt empty. The week he met you he told me he felt his heart had always lived in winter, and for the first time in his life he has seen the spring. He's been lost in his own thoughts of Rafe; now he notice the tears welling up in her eyes.
68) 6) dialog: Sorry.
68) 8) dialog: Hey, have you seen Pearl Harbor at night?
68) 10) dialog: From the air?
70) 0) text: Evelyn sits on Danny's lap, like Rafe sat in his Daddy's years before. Danny flies easily, the cockpit open, his a slipped under hers. The sky above them is startlingly clear; a billion stars dancing around a full moon.
70) 2) dialog: Hang on. He spins the plane in an easy half turn, inverting their heads above Pearl Harbor, gorgeous in the moonlight, the battleships aglow, the moon reflected in the peaceful wat embraced by the island of Oahu.
71) 0) text: The P-40 soars easily in and settles to earth. Danny shut down the engine. Danny carefully removes the harness arou her. She looks overhead. The stars are still bright above them.
76) 0) text: Rafe is still lost in thought. He hears steps running up and sees Danny -- who spots him at the same moment.
76) 1) dialog: Rafe!
78) 18) dialog: You're alive! Rafe and Danny stare at each other; Danny hesitates, look from Rafe to Evelyn, wondering what they've said. Then Ra looks at Evelyn, and picks up the look on her face. In th moment he puts it all together.
80) 0) text: Danny escorts Evelyn back to her quarters.
80) 1) dialog: Don't worry. I'll find him. He hugs her; their embrace earnest yet tingled with guilt and Danny leave quickly. Betty steps out of the nurses’ quarters and hands Evelyn a telegram.
81) 0) text: Danny crosses the tarmac toward the clustered P-40's. He spots what he's looking for. Sitting in the cockpit of on of the P-40's is Rafe. Rafe won't look at him. Danny clim up on the wing, and sits down there.
81) 1) dialog: You'd always go sit in a plane whenever you were upset.
81) 3) dialog: Let's go get a drink. Unless you're scared to talk about it. CLOSE - A Mai-Tai volcano clunks onto a table.
83) 3) dialog: Why be sorry? That's what you feel, it's better to come out with it.
83) 5) dialog: Sure you did. So come on. Say what you think.
83) 7) dialog: You don't wanna put beer over mai-tai.
83) 10) dialog: What facts are those?
83) 12) dialog: I was grieving too.
83) 14) dialog: So what are you saying?
83) 16) dialog: You left her. How's that for a fact?
83) 18) dialog: You know, you're a lousy drinker. Drinking's supposed to make men feel bigger. It only makes you stupid. And weak. Rafe nods thoughtfully, and sets down his beer.
83) 20) dialog: You want it, you got it. He kicks Rafe in the back of the knee, then mule kicks hi the chest as he goes down, and the fight is on. The bar's bouncer, a big Samoan, moves over to break them -- but Anthony steps in his way.
89) 0) text: Danny has pulled his Buick convertible off the road; Rafe bent over, his head out of frame; he's throwing up. Danny banged up from the fight and still drunk himself; he wait beside Rafe, who chokes out between heaves --
89) 2) dialog: I guess I'm used to it. I've felt like throwing up every minute since you got back. Rafe straightens up, but the waves of sickness come back him and he bends over again. Danny looks at his friend, a the pain is written on Danny's face.
89) 3) dialog: Don't blame her, Rafe. It's not like you're thinking.
89) 5) dialog: She loves you. I know that. And part of what she loves in me is how much of you she sees in me. Rafe doesn't seem to be listening; but Danny knows he is.
89) 6) dialog: We were both torn up. I started dropping by to see her, because we understood what each other felt. We'd have coffee and try not to talk about you, but we always would. Rafe stands to face Danny; this is hard for Danny to say
89) 7) dialog: She said I was so much like you. I said, No, I'm not. I'm like I am because of you, but I'm not you, not as good as you. Everybody else saw me as a loser with a big chip on his shoulder. But you saw the better part of me, the part of me that could be like you, and changed me. You made me who I am.
136) 1) text: The pilots of Danny's squadron have returned from their n of drinking and brawling and are crashed on their bunks. stirs and staggers toward the head; he bumps into the wal backs up like a wind-up toy and lurches blindly forward again, into --
139) 0) text: Danny and Rafe are in Danny's Buick, hung over and asleep Danny in front, Rafe in back, and they're a miserable sig -- their shirts ripped, blood dried in a leak trail from side of Rafe's nose and the corner of Danny's mouth. The rumble of planes moving overhead makes them stir; the rumble grows huge, as the shadows of a massive formation makes the sunlight flicker. Danny and Rafe squint up, the heads pounding, and realize what they're seeing. Suddenly their headaches are gone, and Danny's gunning the Buick d the road, toward the base.
140) 0) text: Danny blasts through the main gate; the guards are too bu taking cover and haven't even closed the barrier. He races to the tarmac, where some of the planes are stil undamaged. Rafe is out the door before the car stops rolling, and Danny's right behind him. They're running toward a cluster of fighters, when it goe with a bomb blast. Rafe and Danny dive at each other; the first instinct is to cover their best friend with their o bodies. They look at each other on the ground. They see machine g bullets thudding into the planes on the flight line, and ripping along the walls of the buildings. It's as if the whole Japanese airforce is attacking this one base, and n leaving a single plane airworthy.
140) 2) dialog: Come on! Danny sprints; Rafe follows. Danny reaches a phone booth, and digs a dime from his pants.
140) 3) text: You're making a phone call?! Danny dials, as waves of bullets sweep the area, and more planes blow up on the flight line. Rafe thinks he's lost mind.
140) 4) dialog: (into phone) This is Walker! We're under attack! Get those planes fueled and armed RIGHT NOW! He runs back toward the car; Rafe, in the nonsense of bat reaches in to hang up the receiver, before Danny grabs hi and leads him on a sprint to the car, as the phone booth shatters behind them from the strafing. On the way to the car they dive back to the ground to avo strafing -- and see their friends lying nearby, in shock.
140) 6) dialog: Come with us! He and Rafe jump up and run again. Anthony, Red, and seve other pilots reach the Buick and dive in. Danny drives aw through the strafing.
140) 8) dialog: Auxiliary field at Haleiwa, ten miles north of here.
140) 10) dialog: Six P-40's. As the Zero pilots see the Buick moving, they go after it Danny drives like a madman through the strafing, zigzaggi and gunning the Buick's V-8.
146) 2) dialog: They ready, Earl?
146) 4) dialog: Cover! The guys scatter. There are sandbags around the hut, and they run there, diving into it's shelter just before the first strafing pass, when a Zero strafes one of the P-40' and a dive bomber blasts another. Earl stands up in shock and fury.
146) 6) dialog: This ain't a little feud, Earl, it's World War Two!
146) 9) dialog: You guys get those! Earl, Rafe, come with me! Danny, Rafe and Earl run to the planes that got hit and s out the 20mm cannons and ammo.
147) 4) dialog: Earl! You said the planes were ready but -- but what?
147) 8) dialog: Anthony, Red, stay with the guns! Coma, you cover the cannons! Joe, Theo, come with us! Earl, you get on the radio! We're gonna fight these fuckers. Two of the pilots, Joe and Theo, run to Danny.
147) 10) dialog: Your call, Rafe.
147) 12) dialog: It's tight.
147) 15) dialog: They're all over us!
149) 0) text: Danny and Rafe rejoin each other in the open sky; they've lost the Zeros. The P-40's are flying smoothly, side by side. The two pilots look across at each other, going int battle together. They speak through their radios.
149) 2) dialog: Yeah. So you can call me if you need help.
149) 4) dialog: Little less. He fires a short burst to see if his guns work; they do. Rafe does the same. Up ahead they see a formation of Japanese planes, headed toward Pearl.
149) 7) dialog: Home of the brave. Side by side the P-40's scream in.
150) 0) text: The Japanese planes are in tight, disciplined formation, their minds on the targets below them in the harbor. But their day of shooting sitting ducks changes as the two P- blast in, wing guns blazing, chopping into Two Zeros. Bot Zeros falter and begin to lose altitude. The P-40's make almost impossible tight turns, still side-by-side, and go after the two plane they crippled on the first pass. Rafe finishes one Zero, making it explode in a ball of fl in the air. Danny finishes the other, shooting off its wi so that it spirals into the sea and crashes there. The P-40's swoop up again.
156) 0) text: The nose of Danny's plane is pointed right at the harbor he sees the sudden devastation of the Arizona. It is a si so awesome it freezes him for a moment. A Zero comes up behind him, firing. Danny jerks his stic maneuver but he's caught... Rafe comes in behind the Zero, chopping it up, even as he yells at Danny over the radio --
156) 3) dialog: I'm out of fuel! They head back. A single Zero is on their way. Rafe charg it and draws its fire; Danny comes in behind the Zero and rakes its cockpit; the Japanese pilot backs off. The P-40's dive back toward Haleiwa. A handful of Zeros returning from Pearl see them and foll
162) 0) text: The two P-40's drop out of the sky and bounce to a landin Anthony and Red have been pushing the wreckage off the fi with the Buick. Danny and Rafe pull the P-40's behind the burning quonset hut, and it's like a pit stop at a race track; Earl rushes up and starts fueling the planes, thei engines still running.
162) 1) dialog: We need ammo too! Earl shouts instructions to the pilots.
162) 4) dialog: He did. Earl looks at Rafe's plane, more shot-up and abused than Danny's. Rafe grins and waves to him. Earl mumbles a stre of guttural and unintelligible obscenities. The Zeros that followed them sweep down, strafing. One mechanic, running across the field with a belt of ammo, g down. Coma, running behind him, picks up the fallen man's ammo and his own, bringing both to the planes behind the He, Red, and Anthony reload the machine guns in Rafe and Danny's planes. Rafe and Danny gun their engines and head back into the a the grounded pilots firing a covering barrage and Earl ev coming up with a 12-gauge shotgun to fire at the Zeros as they rush past.
191) 0) text: Danny and Rafe arrive at the hospital. Their fears of wha they might find aren't helped when they see the stairs in the hospital covered in blood.
192) 0) text: Rafe and Danny enter. It's a scene from hell. Doctors are doing amputations in the hallway. The once-pristine hospi is now all red, with blood dripping through the mattresse onto the floor... In the main ward, Evelyn and the other nurses are using t fly sprayers to spritz cooling antiseptic on the charred bodies. Evelyn looks up and sees both Rafe and Danny. Her eyes register relief, but they are the only part of her t can show emotion now; the rest of her is covered in blood Rafe and Danny move to her.
193) 0) text: Rafe and Danny sit quietly as Evelyn adjusts the tubes conducting blood from their arms into sterilized Coke bot for transfusion.
194) 0) text: Rafe and Danny hop from the ambulance in which they've hitched a ride to the harbor. They see the awful devastation.
195) 0) text: Rafe and Danny reach the West Virginia's pier, but in the darkness, they can't find anything. They stop a NAVAL OFFICER.
195) 1) dialog: Where is the West Virginia?
195) 3) dialog: We're looking for Dorie Miller.
195) 7) dialog: Like we all are. Miller nods, and looks out over the harbor, a hellish pla where black smoke still hangs over everything, the shatte remains of men and ships still in the harbor. It's total devastation. And yet something about that scene stirs something else in Dorie Miller.
196) 0) text: Dorie pilots the dinghy through the floating debris. Rafe and Danny sit with him. He stops over a dangerous pile of superstructure wreckage.
207) 0) text: There is a mass memorial service going on, with caskets draped in flags. There are also coffins covered in Japanese flags, their drowned fliers being treated now with respect. Everyone is in their best uniforms. The pilots -- Rafe, Danny, and the other guys -- are looking at Billy's coffi Evelyn, next to Danny, on his appropriate side is looking one that belongs to Betty. So is Red; he's grieving.
207) 11) dialog: I'm Walker.
208) 0) text: The wrecked planes have been pushed off the runway and li piles. A transport plane is fueling, and Rafe and Danny w in the shade of a shelter.
208) 1) dialog: I told her not to come. The Major, watching the fueling, gets a wave from the gro crew and turns and motions to Rafe and Danny that they're ready. They pick up their duffel bags -- and then Evelyn comes around the corner of the shelter. Rafe sees her first, but stops and looks away as Danny mo to her. For a moment he studies her eyes, and she does no look away.
208) 2) dialog: This hasn't been easy for any of us. I feel awful for how it's happened. But I've seen my first spring too. Thanks for knowing that's true. He takes her into his arms, kisses her tenderly but brief a final time. Evelyn's eyes find Rafe, but he can't look her until the embrace is over. Rafe and Danny move to the plane and hurry up the steps. They turn before the door closes and wave to her. Evelyn's still standing there as the plane lifts away.
209) 0) text: The transport has landed and taxied right to the door of low, dark bunker, mostly underground. The Major leads Raf and Danny inside.
210) 0) text: Rafe and Danny follow the Major down a spartan corridor; whole place reeks of secrecy.
211) 0) text: The Major opens the door for Rafe and Danny, then leaves, closing it behind him. Doolittle is alone at a desk. Rafe and Danny walk in and salute. Doolittle motions to the tw chairs in front of the desk without looking up from the papers he's studying.
211) 4) dialog: Whatever is was you heard about us.
211) 10) dialog: You can count on us.
212) 0) text: A room full of PILOTS are assembled, with and other CREWM Danny and Rafe are there; Red and Anthony too.
212) 3) dialog: Sorry you're gonna die -- cause I'm gonna make it.
212) 8) dialog: (whispering) A long range bomber mission.
212) 10) dialog: Who'll be the first one in, Colonel? I'd like to volunt -- Rafe elbows his ribs so hard it takes his breath away.
216) 0) text: The B-25's are practicing, flying at treetop level. Red i Rafe's copilot, Anthony is Danny's. Doolittle is flying t lead bomber.
217) 0) text: Danny's outside, looking up at the moon. Rafe appears and moves up beside him.
217) 1) dialog: Fun today. Like old times.
217) 3) dialog: What do you mean? I'm just doing what we've always done.
217) 7) dialog: Maybe just trying to measure up.
219) 0) text: The crews climb from their planes, and almost before they out, teams of men use straps and cranes to hoist the bomb onto flatbed trucks. Doolittle walks up to Rafe and Danny watching the baffling operation.
221) 2) dialog: (grinning) I don't reckon we can get hogbrains and grits, but I hear a man can eat good in this town.
224) 0) text: The USS HORNET clears the Golden Gate Bridge, with cruise and destroyers rounding out its battle group. Rafe and Danny stand on the flight deck, watching the cit recede behind them. Evelyn is on a hilltop watching them go. Danny can't see her, doesn't know she's there. Rafe can't see her either but he knows.
225) 1) text: Gentlemen, I can now tell you that the target of this mission is Tokyo. The pilots love it. The ones who have not seen battle are grinning and vocal. Rafe, Danny, Anthony, and Red are quieter, savoring the prospect of revenge.
226) 1) text: A-a-asshole!... Maybe it's l-longer going this way. He starts pacing back the other way, as if the ship's lon in that direction. The other pilots watch him for a momen then follow him, counting again. Rafe and Danny are left standing alone at the end of the flight deck. Far over the surging sea.
226) 2) dialog: It's shorter than our practice runway.
226) 4) dialog: We'll be loaded with 2,000 pounds of bombs and 1,500 pounds of fuel. I got another Chinese phrase for Doolittle. "Mug wump rickshaw mushu pork." It means "Who the fuck thought up this shit?" Doolittle appears right beside them.
230) 0) text: The preparations begin. Deck crews move the B-25's to the rear of the flight deck. Fueling teams top off the bomber gas tanks. Ordnance men hoist four bombs into each aircra and the army gunners load ammunition for the machine guns Greening checks the planes’ mechanical and hydraulic syst And once again the pilots are out pacing the deck distanc It's turned into a game for them, walking off nerves. As Rafe and Danny pass.
230) 2) dialog: Longer? It's getting shorter.
237) 0) text: Rafe, Danny, and the other pilots are alone at their bunk taking advantage of the lull before the mission. Rafe has paper and pen to write a letter, but he can't th of anything to write. Danny holds the "Picture of Paradise" that Sammy took, of Evelyn and the nurses in the sun. He tucks it inside his shirt, when he hears --
239) 0) text: It's starting to rain but the guys don't notice at all. They're stripping seats out of the planes, tossing out t own gear. Greening pulls the machine guns out of the rear of the pl and puts in broomsticks painted black. Off in the distance the Japanese patrol boat takes a hit explodes. Rafe and Danny meet between their bombers.
239) 1) dialog: Broomsticks instead of tail guns.
239) 3) dialog: And I'm on yours. Land of the free.
240) 0) text: The engines are revving. The tachs are showing redline. T crews are in their planes. Doolittle is first, just ahead Rafe and Danny's B-25's. The battle pennants whip, the props blur, the wheels stra against the brakes; from the cockpits the flight deck loo impossibly short...and the American flag cracks in the wi And now every pilot looks at Doolittle's plane... Doolittle starts the run down the flight deck...faster... end looming. He turns the plane almost vertical, standing on its props...and lifts away smoothly. The sailors on deck cheer, like the Japanese did before P Harbor. Rafe, Danny, and the others take off too.
243) 0) text: At first the planes are together; Rafe and Danny can see other off each other's wing, and Doolittle's plane is ahe The others are grouped after them. They maintain strict radio silence, and can communicate only with gestures, ha signals, or a flasher for Morse code. When Rafe speaks to the crew of his own plane, it's by pressing an intercom sender to his throat.
244) 0) text: Danny calls back to his GUNNER, who is watching the fuel supply.
244) 1) dialog: We got a 25-mile-an-hour head wind. How we doing with fuel?
252) 0) text: Coma, Danny's navigator, picks this up.
263) 0) text: Rafe takes the B-25 right down among the buildings, somet even having to spin the wings to get through. The Zeros can't keep up with this... But Rafe can't keep it up long, either; they break out in open ground rail yards, where there's no place for him to hide... The Zeros come in to chew him up... But they take fire from another B-25 -- Danny's -- coming to save Rafe's plane. Rafe now uses the radio.
264) 0) text: Rafe and Danny keep broken contact through the clouds, an settle in for the long run to China.
271) 0) text: Coma moves up to Danny.
273) 0) text: Danny's engines are sputtering; his gunner pours the last drops of gas into the tanks.
273) 1) dialog: Flash Rafe. We're gonna bail. Red sees Anthony signal.
276) 0) text: Rafe's plane settles down toward the water; he guns the engine to level out, and the plane skims across the surfa then the propellers catch and the plane stops like it hit wall, flipping over it's nose. DANNY'S PLANE is struggling; when he tries to add throttl the engines sputter out. The plane drops, skips once on t surface, then hits a shoreline rock belly first. Danny and Anthony are ejected through the top of the fuselage; Coma is hurled forward right through the glass of the plane.
278) 0) text: They break the surface, and struggle to shore with the unconscious navigator and gunner. Rafe's looking everywhere; he sees Danny's plane crashed against the rock. He fights his way through the surf to Danny's plane, Red following. Rafe finds Danny face up in the water. Red finds Anthony on the rock. He's face up, but as Red lifts him he finds the back of Anthony's head is gone. The rest of Danny's crew are floating in the surf, dead. Rafe and Red pull Danny to shore.
278) 2) dialog: I've made better landings. Danny's hand gropes to his throat; Rafe finds a V shaped shard of the fuselage hooked into his neck. Rafe grabs it, trying to bend it open; the sharp metal cu his hands, but he keeps straining. It won't work, He pull his .45 from his jacket and tries to pry the metal. It wo a bit; he tosses the pistol aside and grabs the shard aga and opens it.
278) 5) dialog: I can't make it.
278) 7) dialog: Take care of Evelyn. The words almost kill Rafe, filling him with grief. From somewhere he finds the strength to say --
278) 11) dialog: No. You are. Rafe cradles Danny in his arms. Danny's eyes are open, b Rafe sees no light there.
279) 0) text: Out by the crop dusting landing field is a memorial to Da Walker, with an American flag flying high above it. Stand at the memorial are Rafe and Evelyn. Rafe holds a child i his arms, a boy, named Danny. FADE OUT.