5) 0) text: COLONEL JIMMY DOOLITTLE, mid-forties, is commander of the base. He's as tough as he is good in the air. And right n he's frowning at Rafe McCawley, standing at attention bef him.
5) 1) dialog: There are some people who think the outside loop is reckless and irresponsible.
5) 3) dialog: Don't get smart with me, son.
5) 5) dialog: That's bullshit, son. But it's really good bullshit.
5) 7) dialog: Good luck over there McCawley. I admire your decision.
211) 0) text: The Major opens the door for Rafe and Danny, then leaves, closing it behind him. Doolittle is alone at a desk. Rafe and Danny walk in and salute. Doolittle motions to the tw chairs in front of the desk without looking up from the papers he's studying.
211) 1) dialog: I heard what you did.
211) 3) dialog: Explain what?
211) 5) dialog: You mean the hula shirts you were flying in?... Or the six planes you shot down? You're both being awarded the Silver Star, and promoted to captain.
211) 7) dialog: You're just about the only pilots in the Army with actual combat experience, so you're volunteering for a mission I've been ordered to put together. Do you know what top secret is?
211) 9) dialog: Top secret means you help me pick the other pilots, train, and go -- without knowing where you're going until it's too late.
211) 11) dialog: There's only one other thing I can tell you. Doolittle looks up from his paperwork for the first time. His eyes are fierce.
211) 12) dialog: You won't need any goddamn hula shirts.
212) 1) text: Attention! Colonel Doolittle strides into the room as all the men sn to attention.
212) 2) dialog: Be seated. The mission you've volunteered for is dangerous. How dangerous? Look at the man beside you. It's a good bet that six weeks from now, either you or he will be dead. Danny and Rafe whisper to each other --
212) 5) dialog: In flight school you qualified in single and in multi-engine planes. You'll be flying multi-engines here.
212) 7) dialog: I want to introduce a couple of people. Doc White is a flight surgeon; he has volunteered for gunnery training so that he can go on the mission, because we can't spare the weight of an extra man.
212) 9) dialog: ...And Ross Greening, who will oversee your equipment. Any questions?
212) 11) dialog: I thought I'd made it clear, I'm not just putting this mission together -- I'm leading it myself.
213) 1) dialog: This is what we'll fly -- the B-25. There's one thing you have to be aware of from the very beginning. You see that private? They look down the runway a few hundred feet. A private waves, and starts painting a red line across the runway. Another private, close by, paints a green line.
213) 2) dialog: Green means go. Red means dead.
214) 0) text: Doolittle is instructing the men.
214) 1) dialog: You're having trouble getting airborne in the shorter space because you're not revving the engines enough. You've got to push them to the limit before you ever start to move. Rafe is distracted; he's lost in though, looking at Danny and looks away just before Danny realizes it.
214) 3) dialog: We've got to get the weight down.
214) 4) text: Greening has removed the intensely complex Norden sight f a bomber and put in on a table for Doolittle.
214) 7) dialog: Does it work?
215) 0) text: Doolittle pilots a B-25 at treetop level onto a practice bombing range. Greening uses the makeshift sight, and dro a 500-lb sack of flour, right in the middle of the bull's target chalked on the ground.
216) 0) text: The B-25's are practicing, flying at treetop level. Red i Rafe's copilot, Anthony is Danny's. Doolittle is flying t lead bomber.
216) 1) dialog: Right down to the treetops. Low as you can. Rafe brings his plane down, smoothly. Then Danny's plane appears -- under him. Rafe jerks his nose up quickly. Rafe's angry; Danny's laughing -- but he scares the shit of his crew.
218) 0) text: Doolittle leads the bombers to a landing. IN RAFE'S PLANE everybody's wondering why they're here.
219) 0) text: The crews climb from their planes, and almost before they out, teams of men use straps and cranes to hoist the bomb onto flatbed trucks. Doolittle walks up to Rafe and Danny watching the baffling operation.
219) 1) dialog: Want to see where they're going?
220) 3) dialog: You have rooms at the Biltmore. I suggest a nice meal and a good night's sleep. We leave tomorrow. Doolittle walks to join a captain.
225) 0) text: The pilots are gathered expectantly in the carrier's conference room. Doolittle strides in.
225) 3) dialog: The navy will get us to within 400 miles of the Japanese coast. We'll launch off the carriers from there. Suddenly the pilots don't like the sound of this.
225) 5) dialog: No. Any other questions?
225) 7) dialog: We won't have the fuel to get back to the carriers; they'll turn and run back to Hawaii the minute we're airborne.
225) 9) dialog: I have a phrase I want you all to memorize: "Lushu hoo megwa fugi." It means "I am an American." In Chinese. Absolute silence among the pilots.
226) 5) dialog: He was a navy man. Doolittle walks away.
228) 0) text: The ships is rolling; most of the fliers are green. Doolittle stands at the podium.
228) 1) dialog: Since we'll be on our own once we're in the air, I thought I had a good idea letting each crew select it's own target. He looks at a pile of paper slips in front of him.
228) 2) dialog: Now we have fifteen requests for the Emperor's Palace...and one for Tokyo baseball stadium.
228) 4) dialog: I'd like to bomb their Emperor too. But I think that'd just piss 'em off. The idea here, Gentlemen, is not revenge. We're here to prove to them that they're neither invincible nor superior. So let's try this again. Military targets only.
228) 6) dialog: No baseball diamonds, Red.
230) 3) text: Doolittle is laying out the plan for all the pilots.
230) 4) dialog: We'll take off late this afternoon. I'll hit Tokyo at dusk, and drop incendiary bombs. You'll come after me at night, guided by the fires. Then it's on to China, where you'll arrive at dawn, guided to their airfields by the homing beacons the Chinese are going to switch on for us. That's if everything is perfect -- like every other military mission I've ever been involved with. Doolittle looks around the room. No one's smiling.
230) 5) dialog: Listen you guys. I'm the first plane -- then McCawley, Walker, the rest of you. I'll have the shortest run. If I don't make it, you don't go.
230) 7) dialog: I know.
235) 0) text: Doolittle hurries up to the command bridge, with the nava officers sent by the Admiral to fetch him. Doolittle sees the cruisers next to the carrier firing its guns -- at Japanese boats in the distance.
236) 0) text: Doolittle finds the Admiral gathered with his staff, thei mood is grim.
236) 1) dialog: How far are we from Tokyo?
238) 0) text: The pilots run onto deck. The cruiser next to the Hornet still firing away at the Japanese patrol boat. Doolittle runs onto deck, shouting orders.
238) 1) dialog: Load in every bit of extra gas you can carry! And strip everything you don't need out of the planes. I mean
240) 0) text: The engines are revving. The tachs are showing redline. T crews are in their planes. Doolittle is first, just ahead Rafe and Danny's B-25's. The battle pennants whip, the props blur, the wheels stra against the brakes; from the cockpits the flight deck loo impossibly short...and the American flag cracks in the wi And now every pilot looks at Doolittle's plane... Doolittle starts the run down the flight deck...faster... end looming. He turns the plane almost vertical, standing on its props...and lifts away smoothly. The sailors on deck cheer, like the Japanese did before P Harbor. Rafe, Danny, and the others take off too.
243) 0) text: At first the planes are together; Rafe and Danny can see other off each other's wing, and Doolittle's plane is ahe The others are grouped after them. They maintain strict radio silence, and can communicate only with gestures, ha signals, or a flasher for Morse code. When Rafe speaks to the crew of his own plane, it's by pressing an intercom sender to his throat.
255) 0) text: Doolittle's plane flashes right over the Emperor's palace The Emperor sits in the garden, meditating.
270) 0) text: Colonel Doolittle can make out mountains below them.
270) 1) dialog: We'll fly till we run out of fuel, then bail out. Just then his engines start to sputter.
270) 2) dialog: Chute! He puts the plane on auto-pilot and the men move to the hatches. Three guys go out; it's just Doolittle and his copilot left.
270) 3) dialog: Nobody else is gonna make it either. If I live through this, they're gonna put me in Leavenworth Prison. They jump.