23) 0) text: She finds a small, immaculately clean hospital, twenty b with luminous white sheets, all empty. Then she notices the view. It's of Pearl Harbor, with the entire American Pacific fleet riding at anchor. Battleshi all in a row. Aircraft carriers too, in perfect stillness the aqua blue water with a white sand bottom. The view is expansive and beautiful. The sound of an approaching fighter plane with wing guns firing as we --
35) 0) text: A seaplane takes tourists on an excursion above Pearl Har and around the island of Oahu. One Japanese tourist shoot pictures rapidly...first of the ships as seen from overhe then he leans to the other side of the plane and shoots pictures of the airfield below them.
53) 0) text: The Japanese have constructed a replica of Pearl Harbor o their practice island; erecting new target barriers and silhouettes of the various ships anchored at Pearl. Strea of Japanese planes skim overhead in practice bombing runs dropping dummy torpedoes and bombs. From a control platfo erected on the beach, Yamamoto and Genda oversee it all.
61) 1) text: Sir, we just had an intelligence intercept. Someone from Tokyo called a local dentist whose office looks over Pearl. They wanted to know the exact location of the ships.
86) 0) text: An American destroyer, the SELFRIDGE, leads a squadron of destroyers on patrol, near the entrance of Pearl Harbor. LOOKOUTS on the bridge think they spot something.
93) 0) text: A Japanese submarine with a midget sub attached to its hu runs silently toward Pearl Harbor.
98) 0) text: The plane climbs to a high altitude, toward the dawn and Pearl Harbor.
116) 0) text: Hawaiian Boy Scouts are hiking on a side of one of the mountains overlooking Pearl. Suddenly booming over the mountain, barely ten feet above summit, comes a stream of planes. The boys are awed. What is this?
117) 0) text: QUICK INTERCUTS - Between the approach of the Japanese planes, and sleepy Pearl Harbor... -- The planes, in formation, their propellers spinning, t engines throbbing... -- Pearl Harbor, with the ships silent, their engines col their anchors steady on the harbor bottom. -- The Japanese submarines heading in. -- The American destroyers docking, instead of going out search for them. -- Another formation of Japanese bombers climbing high, i attack position. -- The Japanese torpedo planes dropping down to the level the ocean, their engines beginning to scream. -- The American planes bunched on the airfields. -- ON THE JAPANESE CARRIERS, Yamamoto and his staff huddl tensely, over their battle maps. ON THE JAPANESE CARRIER DECKS, the second wave of planes being brought up and loaded with munitions...the Japanese flag snaps tautly in the wind... ON THE GOLD COURSE NEAR PEARL HARBOR, American officers a laughing on the putting green near the club house, where American flag droops from the flag pole, limply at peace. -- The Japanese planes roaring down just over the wave to of Pearl Harbor itself. -- Children playing in the early morning sun, looking up they see the planes flash by. The children look -- they've never seen this many, flying this low...but they are not alarmed, only curious. The images come faster and faster, the collision of Japan determination and American's innocence...
135) 0) text: Sammy, the amateur photographer, is leaving his house for morning of working his "Pictures of Paradise" business, w he sees the Japanese formations rumbling toward Pearl. He races back inside.
146) 0) text: Haleiwa is a tiny airfield, tucked among the green volcan hills; its barely paved, and it's only permanent building a quonset hut. A mechanic named EARL, is out with the P-40's; and these are spread out, not bunched.
146) 3) dialog: They'll all fly, but -- oh, shit... What stops him is the cloud of Zeros and dive bombers, shrieking in.
146) 5) dialog: You absolute mother-fuckin' son of a bitch! You shot one of my planes! Danny pulls him down, as the Zeros roar overhead.
146) 8) dialog: Cock-suckin' right I do!! In the gun lockers!
147) 5) dialog: Of the four left, only one is full of fuel.
147) 7) dialog: Danny, I don't like this fuckin' guy.
147) 14) dialog: I see six...seven...eight of the cocksuckers! Don't let ‘em hurt my planes. Danny's swiveling in his seat, looking left, right, back.
148) 1) dialog: Oh shit, oh shit... He can't even watch. At the last instant Rafe and Danny snap a quarter spin s planes flash by belly to belly. Two of the Zeros collide in mid-air, exploding, as the ot Zeros scatter.
162) 0) text: The two P-40's drop out of the sky and bounce to a landin Anthony and Red have been pushing the wreckage off the fi with the Buick. Danny and Rafe pull the P-40's behind the burning quonset hut, and it's like a pit stop at a race track; Earl rushes up and starts fueling the planes, thei engines still running.
162) 2) dialog: Strip it from the wrecks! The other pilots race to the wrecked P-40's and start pul out ammo belts. Earl glares at the smoking engine of Dann plane, and the bullet holes.
162) 3) dialog: Who the fuck taught you to fly?
173) 0) text: The once-pristine hospital with its glowing white beds is a bloody chaos. Every bed is already full; there are burn and broken people on the floor -- soldiers, sailors, civilians, firemen, all mixed in together. People are dyi everywhere, and screaming in pain, or moaning and begging help. At first we don't see Evelyn, and wonder if she survived the glass; then we see her, flecks of her own bl dotting her face and arms. The blood of soldiers on her surgical apron. A steel calm has replaced her earlier frenzy, even as the other nurses are breaking down.
182) 5) text: Fuchida is in a scout plane, high over Pearl. His vision hampered by the thick black smoke, but he can tell there been awesome devastation. He uses a diagram of the ships anchor to note the damage to each ship.