7) 13) text: The trains of 1942 have their own beauty, with felt seats shaded lamps, and paneled compartments even in the econom section. But the glow of the train is outshone by EVELYN STEWART. She's one of ten young women, Army nurses, gathe at one end of the car as it rattles along the track. The other nurses are pretty and ripe -- maybe a bit too ripe. Their lips painted bright red, their faces powdered their spirits high. Evelyn listens in amusement to BETTY, a cute blonde with unmissable boobs, and BARBARA, a burnette equally endowed
7) 21) dialog: I've been dating one pilot. And only for a few weeks. But I know he's different from all the others. Sandra throws up her arms and swoons onto her friends.
7) 25) dialog: But I do have a warning for you. There's one line you all need to know, and you're likely to hear it from any man in a uniform. It goes like this: "Honey, Baby... We never know what's gonna happen, and I may die tomorrow...so, let's live all we can tonight." A silence among the nurses.
8) 0) text: The nurses start stepping out; both pilots and nurses pre surprise to see each. At the door of the train, Evelyn whispers to Betty --
8) 1) dialog: Stick with me, I'll find you somebody good. Betty spot's Rafe.
8) 3) dialog: He's taken. But come on, I'll introduce you. They move to Rafe; he crosses the platform to meet them, eyes holding Evelyn.
8) 5) dialog: You too, Lieutenant. Betty clears her throat.
8) 6) dialog: Oh, this is Betty.
8) 9) dialog: Danny's not coming?
8) 11) dialog: I was hoping to meet him.
8) 15) dialog: At ease, Betty!
9) 0) text: It's a party in full swing; swing music, jitterbugging, beautiful young men and women in high spirits. Rafe and Evelyn are sitting at a big table with the other pilots and nurses. Anthony's paired up with Sandra, Billy with Barbara, and Red, shyest of the group, finds himself next to Betty. Betty's already found a companion in Red Strange.
9) 12) dialog: There shipping us out. Hawaii. The Germans are overrunning Europe, and we're sent to paradise. How about you? Have you heard anything? He hesitates; then Evelyn is distracted by the conversati beside them, between Barbara and Billy.
9) 15) text: They find a quiet place on a balcony that overlooks the river, and Manhattan beyond. Evelyn takes in the view, breathes in the air; she still holds the rose.
9) 16) dialog: Whatever you're trying to tell me isn't good, is it. Or it wouldn't be so hard to say.
9) 18) dialog: It surprises me that I'm not the only one on this balcony who feels that way. The power of hearing this from each other grips them both
9) 20) dialog: We're all going away.
9) 22) dialog: But you're in the U.S. Army, how could you --
9) 24) dialog: You waited til tonight to tell me?
9) 27) dialog: I don't know if you can choose that, Rafe.
9) 29) dialog: Do one thing for me, before you go. She takes his hand and leads him inside.
11) 0) text: The nurses are entering the hotel. Pilots are going in wi them. But Rafe and Evelyn stop on the street. A last kiss. Their hands touch a final time, and then par She moves inside the lobby, and looks out the glass doors he walks away.
14) 0) text: Danny walks to one of the three revolving doors back into station. He takes the one on the far right. As he passes through it, he doesn't see Evelyn rushing through the doo the left side. She's told herself she wouldn't come, but couldn't help it, and now as she sees the last car of the train disappearing around the corner the pain of it all h her. She stands on the empty platform, as lonely as Rafe.
16) 0) text: Evelyn and her fellow nurses ride the train through the American southwest. The scenery outside the window is beautiful, but her thoughts are far away...
17) 0) text: Rafe's ship is in a convoy through the rough gray waters. The deck is loaded with military supplies bound for Brita Rafe stands among the drab crates and seems oblivious to rain, his thoughts on Evelyn. He looks toward the eastern horizon, where his ship is heading. A deep, dark storm is brewing before them...
18) 0) text: Evelyn stands on the deck of a ship headed in the opposit direction, on another ocean, the sky is clear, the breeze warm, the light of a glowing sunset bathes her face. The MONTAGE ENDS, with them heading to different ends of the earth.
21) 0) text: Evelyn and the nurses enter the base, riding in two jeeps As they stop at the gate, the guards look at them, especi Evelyn in the lead jeep; one guard mumbles to the other -
22) 0) text: As the other nurses happily unpack, Evelyn leaves and cro the grass in the drenching sunshine. We follow her into -
25) 0) text: Evelyn, receiving the letter at mail call. She sits on the grass under a palm tree, in paradise, rea his letter.
26) 0) text: Evelyn is off duty, and wears a light cotton dress. She's let her hair down, and her skin has the sheen of light sw in the tropical heat. The restaurant is barely more than a shelter of palm wood posts with a frond roof, and it looks out over the harbor Evelyn sits alone. She's brought writing paper. As the Hawaiian waiter serves her an icy tropical ambrosia with chunks of pineapple and a fresh plumeria flower floating the rim of the glass, she lifts her pen. But before she can start to write, three naval officers m over to her table from the bar. They're out of uniform to wearing garish tropical shirts.
26) 2) dialog: Thank you...Ensign. The guys look at each other, impressed that she could tel
26) 5) dialog: Thank you, but...I really want to be alone right now.
26) 7) dialog: I'm sorry. I've got a letter to write.
26) 9) dialog: What did you say?
26) 11) dialog: Cold? No, I'm just thinking about a war. And maybe you should be too. They leave, shaking their heads. Evelyn picks up her pen, and writes.
39) 0) text: The nurses are primping to go out; Evelyn is in her unifo getting ready to go back to work.
48) 0) text: Evelyn is returning from church with six of her nurse friends. It's very quiet on a Sunday morning, almost nobo at the base; they walk along the path.
48) 4) dialog: I've got to write some requisitions. We're undersupplied with morphine.
49) 0) text: Evelyn approaches the hospital and finds the black boxer peering in the window. He's in a T-shirt and navy pants.
49) 1) dialog: Can I help you, sailor? As Dorie turns, she sees the cut on his head, closed only with a band-aid; it's dripping blood down his T-shirt.
49) 3) dialog: Our doctor's gone too.
49) 5) dialog: Wait, let me look at that... You better come in here.
50) 0) text: Miller is sitting on a stool; Evelyn bathes the wound.
50) 1) dialog: How'd you get this?
50) 3) dialog: Win?
50) 5) dialog: What's your name?
50) 7) dialog: I'm Evelyn. And I'm just a nurse. But I'm not playing golf, and that cut needs sewing, or else it's gonna make a big lumpy scar. Whatta ya say?
50) 8) text: Evelyn clips the ends of her carefully applied stitches; Dorie's eyes are rolled up as if he could watch from insi his skull.
50) 9) dialog: How often you fight like this?
50) 11) dialog: What do you get for winning?
50) 15) dialog: Tell me something, Dorie. A man as big as you -- and smart too, you knew where to come when your ship couldn't help -- do you still have to fight with your fists to get respect?
50) 17) dialog: You take care, Dorie.
51) 1) dialog: ...-Rafe... She moves toward him, and he draws near her, walking slow And then she sees his face... It's Danny. His face as sad as death itself. And even before he tells her, she knows.
51) 3) dialog: Were. Isn't that what you mean? Were. Because he's dead, isn't he? And that's why you've come.
52) 0) text: Evelyn and Danny sit on the bench, with a sweeping view o the harbor and the lights winking on all around it as the settles beyond the horizon. Evelyn is stoic, numb; Danny the one who is struggling.
52) 2) dialog: He told me about you. That he had no other friend like you.
52) 4) dialog: You were more like brothers.
62) 0) text: A young amateur PHOTOGRAPHER, about 16, wearing a hat wit "PICTURES OF PARADISE" printed on it's crown is ready to a shot of Evelyn and her nurse friends having a picnic lu on the lawn outside the hospital.
64) 0) text: The nurses have sprawled to the ground; now even Evelyn i smiling.
65) 0) text: Evelyn walks out of the hospital. She's still wearing her lei. The sun is going down in a spectacular sunset. She stares at the orange glow at the edge of the world. S breathes in the sea air, and tries to breathe out the sadness. The water of the harbor laps close to where she stands, the sunset polishing its surface. She takes the lei from her neck, plucks a single flower, holds it like the rose Rafe once gave her. Then she tosse the rest of the lei into the ocean and watches it float a as the sun sinks behind the horizon.
66) 0) text: Evelyn finds her purse, and tucks the flower into it. She alone in the hospital, everyone else has gone; she turns mind toward work, something to lose herself in.
68) 0) text: Danny and Evelyn are having coffee at the base canteen.
68) 2) dialog: We got some soldiers in traction from a jeep accident, but it's quiet. Except for the occasional fighter plane buzzing us.
68) 4) dialog: I was just thinking that war is a series of goodbyes. Do you think that's why we're meeting. To help us say goodbye to Rafe?
68) 7) dialog: He told me he didn't want to leave me with regret. Now that's all I have.
68) 9) dialog: Well...sure.
70) 0) text: Evelyn sits on Danny's lap, like Rafe sat in his Daddy's years before. Danny flies easily, the cockpit open, his a slipped under hers. The sky above them is startlingly clear; a billion stars dancing around a full moon.
70) 1) dialog: So beautiful!
72) 0) text: The POV of someone moving through the gathering darkness approaches the hospital. The lights from within the hospital, and the pristine whi beds beneath those lights, give the place a kind of glow, where Evelyn moves alone and beautiful, like a ballerina giant's jewel box. Now we see the shoulders of the figure, from behind, and tell that it is a man in uniform, but at first we can't t who. He's standing dead still, transfixed in watching Eve through the windows.
73) 0) text: Evelyn moves to her desk, and sits down. She looks at the calender turning back to October, where she wrote on the square of October 22, "Order supplies" -- she counts the weeks from then to today, December 6.
74) 0) text: We see the full figure of the man watching her. And now w see his face. It is Rafe. His left hand is bandaged, but he is very much alive -- though seeing Evelyn has taken his breath, and even seems have robbed him of the power to move. His eyes pick up ev detail of her -- her face...her hands. And as Rafe watches Evelyn, he has the SUDDEN JOLTS OF SUBLIMINAL FLASHBACKS...punctuated by fragments of the le she wrote to him, and INTERCUT with Rafe in the present, watching Evelyn.
77) 0) text: Evelyn puts away the calender.
78) 0) text: Rafe is sitting at the bench, his head down. ANGLE - Evelyn on the path; she sees someone on the bench his form hauntingly familiar. He hears her, and looks up. It's Rafe. From Evelyn's POV, the whole world spins. She faints. Rafe jumps to catch her before she slams to the ground. H gathers her into his arms, and she looks up into his face He's real, very real.
78) 3) dialog: Why were you sitting here, instead of...
78) 5) dialog: How did you?...
78) 9) dialog: I'm just...so amazed, so glad to know that you're okay. You are okay, aren't you?
78) 11) dialog: It's been...so different, being so sure you were dead.
78) 15) dialog: It's not your fault, Rafe. The letter I wrote you, they --
78) 17) dialog: It's not that I didn't mean everything I wrote. It's just that -- I thought you were dead. And now -- Danny runs up, through the darkness.
78) 20) dialog: Rafe -- He puts up a hand, to silence her, and walks away suddenl Evelyn and Danny are left frozen.
80) 0) text: Danny escorts Evelyn back to her quarters.
129) 0) text: Evelyn is up, dressed; her roommates are just stirring.
130) 0) text: Evelyn has stepped to the door when she hears a distant rumble and looks across the harbor to see smoke rising, s taking hits.
130) 1) dialog: Oh my God... EVERYBODY TO THE HOSPITAL! As she runs, Japanese planes are coming toward the base.
132) 0) text: Evelyn reaches the hospital first and runs to the cabine withdrawing supplies. Barbara and Sandra appear at the far door, both terrified
132) 1) dialog: Get everything out! Bandages, sutures -- oh God, the men in traction... Come with me! She races into the hallway, the other two following.
133) 0) text: Four men from a jeep accident are lying in traction, thei casted limbs roped in the air. Evelyn runs in, grabbing a razor blade from the medical cabinet -- and telling Barba and Sandra.
133) 1) dialog: Cut them down, and take cover!! Hurry! Bombs are falling outside, on the airfield this wing of t hospital faces. Evelyn slices the traction ropes of a man with both legs broken; ignoring his groans, she rolls him of the bed and covers him with the mattress. The other nurses follow her lead. The bombs are coming toward the hospital ward; Evelyn finishes with the fourth man and co him and herself with the mattress, just as a bomb craters outside the window. The nurses and patients look up after the explosions have passed; there's a chunk of smoking shrapnel lying on the springs of the bunk where the last man had been lying.
154) 1) dialog: Put criticals in ward one, stables in two! Barbara! Fill every syringe you can find with stimulant and antibiotic --
154) 3) dialog: On the third tee.
173) 0) text: The once-pristine hospital with its glowing white beds is a bloody chaos. Every bed is already full; there are burn and broken people on the floor -- soldiers, sailors, civilians, firemen, all mixed in together. People are dyi everywhere, and screaming in pain, or moaning and begging help. At first we don't see Evelyn, and wonder if she survived the glass; then we see her, flecks of her own bl dotting her face and arms. The blood of soldiers on her surgical apron. A steel calm has replaced her earlier frenzy, even as the other nurses are breaking down.
173) 2) dialog: Take a grease pencil and mark an M on the forehead of everyone you stick. A young doctor is trying to give an intravenous injection a man who's badly charred; the doctors hands are shaking.
173) 3) dialog: Don't look for a vein, just poke.
173) 5) dialog: Use lipstick. Use ammo belts for tourniquets, use your own nylons if you have to! Barbara! Grab anything that will hold a pint of blood and sterilize it. The doctors are amputating limbs right there in the hallw A SENIOR DOCTOR calls --
173) 7) dialog: Critical -- front ward!... Give him morphine, he can't wait... The next body through is a pilot, wings on his uniform, h chest riddled with bullets -- and his face shot off. For moment Evelyn falters, then she forces herself to check t dog tags... It isn't Rafe or Danny. Evelyn sags in guilty relief.
173) 8) dialog: Take him outside and cover him; he's dead. She steadies herself as the next body comes through, a wo on a stretcher, her stomach shot open, pale hands clutchi at the open wound, Evelyn feels for a pulse.
173) 9) dialog: She's gone too, take her -- It's Betty. And though the bombs are blasting and guns booming everywhere, the world goes silent for Evelyn. One of the sailors outside the door is pointing to the harbor, the Nevada has begun to move.
180) 0) text: The Nevada is grounded near the hospital; from the doorwa Evelyn can see the whole ship on fire, burning sailors leaping off the decks. Her hearing, her presence of mind, returns; she lets Betty go, and grabs an ORDERLY.
180) 4) dialog: No, just the sprayers. We'll fill them with tannic acid, it'll sterilize them and cool the burns! GO! The orderly races away. They can still hear the bombs falling outside. A sailor staggers toward the hospital from the Nevada. He completely gray. Everyone stares at him, and then realize he is nude, burned gray, his skin ash. Evelyn rushes to help him, shouting back over her shoulde the other nurses --
180) 5) dialog: We're gonna need every bed. If they can breathe, make 'em get up and move someplace else!
192) 0) text: Rafe and Danny enter. It's a scene from hell. Doctors are doing amputations in the hallway. The once-pristine hospi is now all red, with blood dripping through the mattresse onto the floor... In the main ward, Evelyn and the other nurses are using t fly sprayers to spritz cooling antiseptic on the charred bodies. Evelyn looks up and sees both Rafe and Danny. Her eyes register relief, but they are the only part of her t can show emotion now; the rest of her is covered in blood Rafe and Danny move to her.
193) 0) text: Rafe and Danny sit quietly as Evelyn adjusts the tubes conducting blood from their arms into sterilized Coke bot for transfusion.
193) 2) dialog: There's nothing you can do here, they'll die or they won't, we just -- She stops, afraid if she says more, she'll lose grip on h emotions. She can see the wreckage out in the harbor.
193) 3) dialog: There was a sailor, a black man on the West Virginia, named Dorie Miller. I'd like to know if he's alive. She goes back to her work.
204) 0) text: We see rows of bodies outside the hospital where Evelyn works. The mess hall has been converted to a silent morgue, with bodies on every table.
207) 0) text: There is a mass memorial service going on, with caskets draped in flags. There are also coffins covered in Japanese flags, their drowned fliers being treated now with respect. Everyone is in their best uniforms. The pilots -- Rafe, Danny, and the other guys -- are looking at Billy's coffi Evelyn, next to Danny, on his appropriate side is looking one that belongs to Betty. So is Red; he's grieving.
207) 3) dialog: Rafe --
207) 5) dialog: Rafe... No. You forgive me.
207) 7) dialog: That's what I have to tell you, Rafe. It wasn't a choice. It -- An Army Corps MAJOR steps up and interrupts.
223) 0) text: Rafe enters his room and finds the light on...and Evelyn' there waiting.
223) 2) dialog: They were bringing back a ship full of wounded and needed extra nurses along. I wrote Colonel Doolittle, and told him I needed to see you before you go.
223) 4) dialog: It was. I couldn't have you go away, wherever it is...to war...without knowing something. You think I made a choice, of Danny over you. I didn't. I didn't have a choice. I'm pregnant. The blood drains from Rafe's heart. Yet he finds the strength to move to her. She turns away, so she won't thr her arms around him.
223) 6) dialog: I wasn't sure, until the day you turned up alive. I never had a chance to tell him. Now I can't have him thinking about this when he needs to be thinking about his mission, and how to come back from it. She turns and faces him again.
223) 7) dialog: I want you thinking about that too. Just come back. (beat) Rafe, I see it in your face. You're thinking you don't have anything to live for. Don't you dare think that way. I'll never write a letter, or look at a sunset, without thinking of you. I'll love you my whole life. And I want you to live. She looks at him, her eyes bright with tears, but still s refuses to cry. They both know they can't touch, or they' never let go. She walks past him, out of the room, closin the door softly behind her.
224) 0) text: The USS HORNET clears the Golden Gate Bridge, with cruise and destroyers rounding out its battle group. Rafe and Danny stand on the flight deck, watching the cit recede behind them. Evelyn is on a hilltop watching them go. Danny can't see her, doesn't know she's there. Rafe can't see her either but he knows.
237) 0) text: Rafe, Danny, and the other pilots are alone at their bunk taking advantage of the lull before the mission. Rafe has paper and pen to write a letter, but he can't th of anything to write. Danny holds the "Picture of Paradise" that Sammy took, of Evelyn and the nurses in the sun. He tucks it inside his shirt, when he hears --
269) 0) text: The place is white again -- the white of bandages and cas Everyone is busy, and even the wounded are looking out fo each other; a man with his arms in an airplane splint hol spoon and feeds a badly burned buddy. Evelyn and her overworked nurses are looking after the critical cases. B as she covers the windows with blackout curtains, she sto for just a moment to stare at the sun's last rays.
279) 0) text: Out by the crop dusting landing field is a memorial to Da Walker, with an American flag flying high above it. Stand at the memorial are Rafe and Evelyn. Rafe holds a child i his arms, a boy, named Danny. FADE OUT.