30) 0) text: The Conference Room is similar to that of the White House But this table is low and all the men sit on the floor. A there are no civilians here; Japan is now a nation ruled its warriors. The last man to enter the room and take his place is ADMI YAMAMOTO. Harvard educated, Yamamoto is an object of veneration and suspicion among the men of the war council Yamamoto bows, sits, and looks across the table at his fr Genda, who can't hide his fear. Yamamoto glances to the f end of the table where NISHIKURA, chief of the War Counci sits glowering. (Their discussion is in Japanese, with subtitles.)
36) 1) text: The courier places the pictures onto the table in front o Yamamoto, Genda, and the other JAPANESE OFFICERS.
36) 2) dialog: Look at the ships -- all grouped. Perfect targets!
36) 7) dialog: Or perhaps they think no one is capable. Look at this... He moves to a diagram displayed on the wall -- a simple display showing water depth and ship displacement.
36) 8) dialog: Pearl Harbor's depth of only forty feet makes them feel safe. A torpedo dropped from an airplane plunges to one hundred feet before it can level off. That is a conventional torpedo. But we have been experimenting. From a stand beside his diagram he takes a set of wooden fins, attached to a circular metallic band.
36) 9) dialog: Wooden fins. We are testing them tomorrow.
37) 1) dialog: We have chosen this place because its depth is exactly the same as Pearl Harbor's. Genda speaks into a field radio. A lone plane drops out o formation and goes into a low-level approach, speeding up dropping its torpedo. BELOW THE SURFACE we see the torpedo as it plunges at two hundred miles an hour into the sunlit sea. With the woode fins the torpedo makes a sharp dip and levels off above t sea floor. ABOVE THE SURFACE the planners see the path of the torped it hits the wooden barrier with a satisfying THUNK. The planners are impressed -- but Yamamoto is not satisfied.
37) 3) dialog: I have arranged a live fire drill -- with your permission. Yamamoto nods; Genda speaks again into his radio, and ano plane swoops down and drops a torpedo. Genda holds his ha to his ears, causing the others to do the same; even thou they wonder at the need. The torpedo hits the barrier, and the explosion is deafen and of shocking force; the entire barrier is blown to toothpicks.
37) 4) dialog: Of course against a ship the explosion will not be dissipated, and will have more force. The planners, nearly blown off their feet, nod as if they knew that all the time.
53) 0) text: The Japanese have constructed a replica of Pearl Harbor o their practice island; erecting new target barriers and silhouettes of the various ships anchored at Pearl. Strea of Japanese planes skim overhead in practice bombing runs dropping dummy torpedoes and bombs. From a control platfo erected on the beach, Yamamoto and Genda oversee it all.
53) 2) dialog: If we achieve surprise, they will offer little resistance.
53) 4) dialog: Brilliant, Admiral.
111) 2) dialog: We have a fighter screen up, in case we are attacked, Admiral.
158) 0) text: Genda reports to Yamamoto.
158) 1) dialog: Second attack wave is in the air.
182) 1) dialog: We have achieved complete surprise! The first wave is returning, the second is attacking now, and we have lost only a few planes. We can launch a third wave, Admiral.
183) 2) dialog: If we launch the third wave and annihilate their fuel depots, we destroy their ability to operate in the Pacific for at least a year!