46) 0) text: The Spitfires’ bullets rip into the pilot and also kill t nose gunner; the bomber dips as the copilot struggles to control.
103) 0) text: The gunners snap in another shell and fire again. It's a direct hit, the sub is ripped apart, it rolls over.
128) 0) text: Dorie emerges into even greater carnage and confusion. A sailor, his body on fire, runs past and leaps into the oi water -- but it is in flames too. Then Dorie sees it: an unmanned anti-aircraft gun. He run to it, through the strafing. The gun already has a belt of ammo in it -- apparently lo by the gunner who lies beside it with his chest shot open Dorie swings the business end of the gun toward the Zeros coming in out of the smoke, and he begins to fire. The Zeros keep coming and he keeps firing; nothing on ear will knock him from that gun.
169) 0) text: A MARINE GUNNERY SERGEANT leads men in a race through strafing fire to the bases ammo storeroom.
171) 0) text: The gunnery sergeant and his marines run with a water-coo machine gun, across the open ground, under fire.
230) 0) text: The preparations begin. Deck crews move the B-25's to the rear of the flight deck. Fueling teams top off the bomber gas tanks. Ordnance men hoist four bombs into each aircra and the army gunners load ammunition for the machine guns Greening checks the planes’ mechanical and hydraulic syst And once again the pilots are out pacing the deck distanc It's turned into a game for them, walking off nerves. As Rafe and Danny pass.
244) 0) text: Danny calls back to his GUNNER, who is watching the fuel supply.
244) 2) dialog: How do you think? The gunner is already pouring gas into the tanks from the extra cans. Anthony stands and moves back to the rear of the plane, p a piece of chalk from his pocket and writes on the nose o the bombs -- "For America," "For Pearl Harbor," “For the Arizona," "For Billy." -- Rafe flies, lost in thought... -- Evelyn is back at Pearl, struggling to keep her mind o her work. -- Danny is looking at his gauges, then at the picture i his shirt.
257) 2) dialog: Bomb bay doors open, sir.
260) 2) dialog: We got Zeros! And they're pissed off! Rafe changes course quickly.
262) 0) text: Rafe pushes the engines to top speed and changes course again; but the B-25's can't outrun the Zeros. Their fire chews into the bomber's tail, hitting the gunner. Red scrambles back to find the gunner dead.
273) 0) text: Danny's engines are sputtering; his gunner pours the last drops of gas into the tanks.
277) 0) text: Rafe and Red come to in the plane inverted and sinking. T react, unbuckling, grabbing for their crewmates as the pl is quickly filling. The navigator and gunner are unconscious; the bombardier is dead. Red struggles with t hatch and can't make it budge.
278) 0) text: They break the surface, and struggle to shore with the unconscious navigator and gunner. Rafe's looking everywhere; he sees Danny's plane crashed against the rock. He fights his way through the surf to Danny's plane, Red following. Rafe finds Danny face up in the water. Red finds Anthony on the rock. He's face up, but as Red lifts him he finds the back of Anthony's head is gone. The rest of Danny's crew are floating in the surf, dead. Rafe and Red pull Danny to shore.