15) 0) text: as Rafe boards a Canadian naval vessel headed into the No Atlantic.
26) 0) text: Evelyn is off duty, and wears a light cotton dress. She's let her hair down, and her skin has the sheen of light sw in the tropical heat. The restaurant is barely more than a shelter of palm wood posts with a frond roof, and it looks out over the harbor Evelyn sits alone. She's brought writing paper. As the Hawaiian waiter serves her an icy tropical ambrosia with chunks of pineapple and a fresh plumeria flower floating the rim of the glass, she lifts her pen. But before she can start to write, three naval officers m over to her table from the bar. They're out of uniform to wearing garish tropical shirts.
30) 0) text: The Conference Room is similar to that of the White House But this table is low and all the men sit on the floor. A there are no civilians here; Japan is now a nation ruled its warriors. The last man to enter the room and take his place is ADMI YAMAMOTO. Harvard educated, Yamamoto is an object of veneration and suspicion among the men of the war council Yamamoto bows, sits, and looks across the table at his fr Genda, who can't hide his fear. Yamamoto glances to the f end of the table where NISHIKURA, chief of the War Counci sits glowering. (Their discussion is in Japanese, with subtitles.)
33) 0) text: Danny and the pilots are in Hawaiian shirts, their party full swing. A bucket-sized hollowed-out volcano sits in t middle of the table, with twelve straws emerging from the crater. It's full of booze -- or was; Danny and the other guys are pulling heartily at the straws, and they gurgle the last liquid is sucked dry.
41) 0) text: Coming out of the blustery skies at the end of another de day, a squadron of Spitfires chirps in for landings. The planes are shot up and battered. Rafe is one of the pilots; the fuselage below his cockpit marked with four swastikas, symbols of his victories. He taxis to a stop, and is met by IAN, a Scottish mechanic, is dismayed at the state of the plane.
41) 1) dialog: Leapin' Jesus!
41) 3) dialog: Well which of those three ya want fixed?
41) 5) dialog: If ye'd wanted a bloody Cadillac ya should'a stayed in the bloody States!
41) 7) dialog: Fook ya!
41) 9) dialog: Fook ya dooble! Rafe moves to the barracks; Ian keeps the fueling hose go and moves to help the armorers reload the guns.
43) 0) text: They race across the runway. Rafe reaches his Spitfire, j as Ian is removing the fueling hose.
43) 1) dialog: I have'na been able ta --
43) 3) dialog: God speed ya, laddie.
55) 0) text: ADMIRALS and other OFFICERS are gathered around a giant m of the Pacific.
72) 0) text: The POV of someone moving through the gathering darkness approaches the hospital. The lights from within the hospital, and the pristine whi beds beneath those lights, give the place a kind of glow, where Evelyn moves alone and beautiful, like a ballerina giant's jewel box. Now we see the shoulders of the figure, from behind, and tell that it is a man in uniform, but at first we can't t who. He's standing dead still, transfixed in watching Eve through the windows.
109) 0) text: The Japanese bombers, with three-man crews, are listening the Hawaiian music of the radio station, using it for the homing beacon. They look out and see the sunrise -- it's beautiful, and resembles the Japanese flag.
116) 0) text: Hawaiian Boy Scouts are hiking on a side of one of the mountains overlooking Pearl. Suddenly booming over the mountain, barely ten feet above summit, comes a stream of planes. The boys are awed. What is this?
159) 0) text: The DISC JOCKEY, handed a message by the army officer, st playing the soothing Hawaiian music and announces...
173) 0) text: The once-pristine hospital with its glowing white beds is a bloody chaos. Every bed is already full; there are burn and broken people on the floor -- soldiers, sailors, civilians, firemen, all mixed in together. People are dyi everywhere, and screaming in pain, or moaning and begging help. At first we don't see Evelyn, and wonder if she survived the glass; then we see her, flecks of her own bl dotting her face and arms. The blood of soldiers on her surgical apron. A steel calm has replaced her earlier frenzy, even as the other nurses are breaking down.
185) 0) text: The harbor is a place of shattered bodies and shattered ships. Blood, body parts, debris everywhere, and all of i made more hellish by the oil fires on the water and the choking black smoke those fires produce. Every survivor has become an emergency fireman, stretcher bearer, medic, iron worker. They fish men from the water, extract them from the tangled wreckage of the ships. Everyone is screaming and yelling -- the wounded for help the helpers for more help. Local firemen and civilians battle heroically too; the wa mains are ruptured, so they put pump water from the base swimming pool toward the burning ships. The PHOTOGRAPHER records this with his black-and-white f camera. He is shaken, and yet he understands the magnitud of what he is recording -- the loss of America's innocenc