0) 3) dialog: Bandits at 2 o'clock.
0) 5) dialog: It's Germans!
0) 7) dialog: Good shooting, Danny!
0) 9) dialog: Land of the free...
0) 11) dialog: There's another one! Their vocal motors roar again... But a man's hand grabs D by the straps of his overalls and jerks him from the cock It's Danny's FATHER and he's a fearsome sight; drunk, his hair uncombed, his face unshaven, his teeth -- those stil left -- are rotting. He's also missing an arm; but the on that's left is potent, and he's shaking Danny with it.
0) 15) dialog: Let him alone! The father's eyes bulge in rage; he struggles to his feet
0) 17) dialog: I'll bust you open, you...German! The words ring something deep in the man's booze-broken brain. He begins to cough, convulsively; it brings a blos of blood to his mouth. He wipes it with his hand, but blo clings to his teeth. He chokes out --
0) 21) dialog: Nothing. Danny's Dad just come to get him. Rafe turns back to the ramshackle plane and replaces the propeller. His father looks toward Danny and his father, walking away, then looks at his own son.
0) 23) dialog: Daddy, sometime will you take Danny up too?
1) 0) text: American P-40 fighters blast through the air, props screa and wind singing by their wings. There are eight pilots in their individual seats, and we focus on two: RAFE MCCAWLEY has grown lean and handsome. And DANNY WALKER is very much the same. Their planes start swapping positions in the formation; w the other guys are flying along in a tight line, Rafe and Danny are playing, one of them gunning his engine to go h the other diving and coming back up in his place, leapfrogging. It scares the other guys, having their planes flashing in out, so close. The TRAINING CAPTAIN, watching through binoculars on the ground, talks into his RADIO --
1) 5) dialog: Didn't you say test the limits?
4) 0) text: From Rafe and Danny's POV, the rush is awesome. THE PILOTS ON THE GROUND watch in awe as the P-40's get close they can't possibly get out of each other's way. Billy, the most boyish-faced of the pilots, yells to drow out the sound of the collision... At the last instant, both planes snap a quarter turn so t their wings are vertical, and they shoot past each other belly to belly.
4) 5) dialog: If you had guns, you'd be pissin’ on ‘em. They're almost to the landing strip, Rafe behind Danny. B as Danny's wheels are about to touch, he guns his engine snaps the nose of his plane straight up. THE OTHER PILOTS stop laughing.
5) 0) text: COLONEL JIMMY DOOLITTLE, mid-forties, is commander of the base. He's as tough as he is good in the air. And right n he's frowning at Rafe McCawley, standing at attention bef him.
5) 2) dialog: How could it be irresponsible, Sir, if you were the first man in the world to do it?
5) 4) dialog: Never, Sir. I just meant it's dangerous only for the kind of pilot who wants to show off, rather than inspire the other pilots in his unit. And all you've done for me, Sir, working out the transfer, I did it to say thanks. To honor you, Sir. What the French call a "homage."
5) 6) dialog: Thank you, Sir. Doolittle stands, moves around his desk, and shakes Rafe' hand.
5) 8) dialog: Thank you, Sir.
6) 7) dialog: Danny, there's something I gotta tell you...
7) 0) text: Rafe and Danny are walking on the parade ground; the othe guys are already on the bus that will take them into town Danny's upset by what Rafe just told him.
7) 2) dialog: The Colonel helped me work it out.
7) 4) dialog: I'm sorry, Danny, but they're only accepting the best pilots.
7) 6) dialog: Danny, you know how many times I saw you come to school with a black eye or a busted nose, and couldn't do a thing about it -- for you, or for your mother... or your father, with his lungs scorched out with mustard gas, and more left of his lungs than there was of his spirit? You've made your sacrifice, Danny. It's time I made mine.
7) 8) dialog: Let's go.
7) 10) dialog: I have to talk to Evelyn. And I want you to meet her.
7) 27) text: Our pilots -- indeed leather-jacketed and handsome -- are waiting on the platform. Among then is Rafe, holding something behind his back, as the train pulls in and shud to a stop, clouds of steam jetting onto the platform and giving the moment a dream-like haze.
8) 4) dialog: Hello, Lieutenant. Good to see you.
8) 7) dialog: Nice to meet you, Betty. He draws his hand from behind his back; he's holding two roses. He hands one to Evelyn and the second to Betty.
8) 8) dialog: Danny would'a brought this. He escorts them along the platform.
8) 10) dialog: No, he...got some news today. He'll be okay, he just didn't feel like coming tonight.
8) 13) dialog: We'll just have to find a substitute, won't we? Betty stops, and faces Rafe.
9) 0) text: It's a party in full swing; swing music, jitterbugging, beautiful young men and women in high spirits. Rafe and Evelyn are sitting at a big table with the other pilots and nurses. Anthony's paired up with Sandra, Billy with Barbara, and Red, shyest of the group, finds himself next to Betty. Betty's already found a companion in Red Strange.
9) 17) dialog: The only reason it's hard to say is that I keep thinking I don't have the right to say it. But I've got to because it's true. I love you. (beat) That must surprise you.
9) 19) dialog: There's one thing I have to say. I'm going away.
9) 21) dialog: I'm going to the war. The real war. Hitler's taken Europe. The Brits are hanging on by their fingernails, and If they lose, there'll be more people killed than anybody can imagine. And not just there, but here.
9) 23) dialog: Colonel Doolittle pulled the strings, and put me on loan to the R.A.F. They need pilots, and we need experience. I leave tomorrow.
9) 25) dialog: I had to tell you in person. Because there's something else I need to say. He studies her face, burning it into his memory.
9) 26) dialog: Evelyn...you know the line -- let's make tonight memorable. What I feel about you makes it impossible for me to say something like that. I£ I don't come back, I don't want to saddle you with regret and sadness you'll carry the rest of your life.
9) 28) dialog: Maybe not. But I need you to know. I love you. And I will come back. I'll find a way. And then we'll get a chance to know if what I felt the first moment I saw you, and every minute since then, is real.
11) 0) text: The nurses are entering the hotel. Pilots are going in wi them. But Rafe and Evelyn stop on the street. A last kiss. Their hands touch a final time, and then par She moves inside the lobby, and looks out the glass doors he walks away.
12) 0) text: Rafe and Danny stand on the platform. Rafe's got his gear packed in a bag slung over his shoulder.
12) 5) dialog: It's a test. If I asked her to come and she came, it wouldn't tell me anything. If I tell her not to come, and she comes...then I know she loves me.
12) 9) dialog: You too. Rafe sticks his hand out to Danny. Danny knocks it away, hugs him. Rafe steps onto the train, and it pulls away. Rafe waves. Danny waves back and smiles, but he whispers like a praye
13) 0) text: Rafe finds a seat and sits down. He's the only one in the car, and he's deeply alone.
14) 0) text: Danny walks to one of the three revolving doors back into station. He takes the one on the far right. As he passes through it, he doesn't see Evelyn rushing through the doo the left side. She's told herself she wouldn't come, but couldn't help it, and now as she sees the last car of the train disappearing around the corner the pain of it all h her. She stands on the empty platform, as lonely as Rafe.
15) 0) text: as Rafe boards a Canadian naval vessel headed into the No Atlantic.
17) 0) text: Rafe's ship is in a convoy through the rough gray waters. The deck is loaded with military supplies bound for Brita Rafe stands among the drab crates and seems oblivious to rain, his thoughts on Evelyn. He looks toward the eastern horizon, where his ship is heading. A deep, dark storm is brewing before them...
19) 0) text: In the eternal dusk of England, everything is cold and gr British fighter planes -- Spitfires and Hurricanes -- are surrounded by mechanics hurriedly ripping off bullet ridd fuselage panels and digging into overworked aircraft engi Rafe walks across the tarmac, still carrying his duffel b He moves up behind a slim, pale BRITISH AIR COMMANDER who surveying engine damage on one of the Spitfires.
19) 1) dialog: Rafe McCawley, Sir. Rafe salutes as the Air Commander turns and then returns salute, with his left arm -- his right arm is gone. Rafe freezes at the sight, reminded of Danny's father.
19) 3) dialog: That's me, Sir.
19) 5) dialog: If you're patching up bullet holes right here on the runway, maybe we should skip the housekeeping and get right to the planes.
19) 7) dialog: Not anxious to die, Sir, anxious to matter.
24) 0) text: Rafe, in the middle of an aerial dogfight, throws his Spitfire into a tight turn, swinging around to fire again into a squadron of Messerschmidts; they outnumber the Bri planes, and they're tougher and faster. Rafe darts throug their line, machine guns blazing. One of the Spitfires in Rafe's squadron has taken hits in engine compartment and is sputtering, losing power, its pilot, NIGEL, frantic as the German planes swarm into fin him.
27) 0) text: Rafe brings his battered plane in for a landing...
28) 0) text: Rafe sits on his cot, reading her letter.
41) 0) text: Coming out of the blustery skies at the end of another de day, a squadron of Spitfires chirps in for landings. The planes are shot up and battered. Rafe is one of the pilots; the fuselage below his cockpit marked with four swastikas, symbols of his victories. He taxis to a stop, and is met by IAN, a Scottish mechanic, is dismayed at the state of the plane.
41) 2) dialog: (climbing down) The struts are loose, the hydraulics are leaking, and the electrical system's shorting out in the cockpit.
41) 4) dialog: All of 'em. Rafe starts away, and Ian calls to his back --
41) 6) dialog: And if you don't give me a plane that can handle combat, you better start learning to speak German.
41) 8) dialog: Learn English, then!
42) 0) text: Rafe falls down onto his cot, exhausted. The other pilots the same, everybody spent from the day's combat. Then the hear the SIREN. Rafe's out of his bunk, with the others, everybody running.
43) 0) text: They race across the runway. Rafe reaches his Spitfire, j as Ian is removing the fueling hose.
43) 2) dialog: Crank her! Ian gives the prop a spin, and the engine roars to life.
44) 0) text: It's dark, but there are breaks in the clouds, giving way patches of light from a full moon. The squadron of Spitfi tightens up for battle. Rafe is positioned just right of the squad leader; he se planes breaking out of the dark clouds ahead.
44) 1) dialog: Here they come. The clouds break, revealing a huge attack formation.
45) 0) text: We stay with Rafe as he and the Squad Leader rush side by side at the lead bomber, blasting away with their guns.
47) 0) text: As he streaks past, Rafe sees the bomber wobble in the ai
47) 1) dialog: We've got him hurt, stay on him! Rafe throws his plane into an ultra-tight, high speed tur right between the tails of the leader German group and th noses of the second. His turn is so tight that the plane flexes with the g-force. Rafe comes out of his turn ahead of the Squad Leader, and races back up through the formation of German bombers, mo above them where their weapons and armaments are the weak He stitches a trail of bullets from tail to nose of the wounded lead bomber; it begins to smoke. The second Spitfire, the Squad Leader's, takes fire from other German bombers, and shears off, heading through the smoke of the plane Rafe has on the ropes.
47) 2) dialog: We've got him going! Rafe does a half-loop and half-spin, to bring him around face the bombers again. This time the g-force of the turn pops an oil line inside Rafe's cockpit; hot, pressurized begins to spray everywhere -- all over Rafe, his controls and worst of all, over the inside of his cockpit glass. He wipes at the oil with his hands and that just smears i and makes it worse. His wingman sees him veering away from the bombers...and the German fighters moving up to meet him.
47) 4) dialog: I can't see the clouds! His problems are just beginning; the fluid is dripping do onto his cockpit's corroded electrical wiring; the fluid causes an arc...a spark...and suddenly a fire is spreadin through Rafe's plane. He grabs his fire extinguisher and triggers a cloud that snuffs the fire but fills the entire cockpit with choking smoke; between that and the smeared fluid on his glass, h can't see a thing. And the Messerschmidts are swarming over him. Rafe's wingman dives in, raking the German planes as he passes. Rafe tries to open his cockpit cover to clear the smoke, it's jammed; he pulls out his .45 pistol and BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! He blows out the glass; the smoke clears enough for him to take a breath and try to see. He fights the stick, but the plane won't respond. The Messerschmidts rake him again, bullets riddling his engine.
65) 0) text: Evelyn walks out of the hospital. She's still wearing her lei. The sun is going down in a spectacular sunset. She stares at the orange glow at the edge of the world. S breathes in the sea air, and tries to breathe out the sadness. The water of the harbor laps close to where she stands, the sunset polishing its surface. She takes the lei from her neck, plucks a single flower, holds it like the rose Rafe once gave her. Then she tosse the rest of the lei into the ocean and watches it float a as the sun sinks behind the horizon.
70) 0) text: Evelyn sits on Danny's lap, like Rafe sat in his Daddy's years before. Danny flies easily, the cockpit open, his a slipped under hers. The sky above them is startlingly clear; a billion stars dancing around a full moon.
74) 0) text: We see the full figure of the man watching her. And now w see his face. It is Rafe. His left hand is bandaged, but he is very much alive -- though seeing Evelyn has taken his breath, and even seems have robbed him of the power to move. His eyes pick up ev detail of her -- her face...her hands. And as Rafe watches Evelyn, he has the SUDDEN JOLTS OF SUBLIMINAL FLASHBACKS...punctuated by fragments of the le she wrote to him, and INTERCUT with Rafe in the present, watching Evelyn.
76) 0) text: Rafe is still lost in thought. He hears steps running up and sees Danny -- who spots him at the same moment.
78) 0) text: Rafe is sitting at the bench, his head down. ANGLE - Evelyn on the path; she sees someone on the bench his form hauntingly familiar. He hears her, and looks up. It's Rafe. From Evelyn's POV, the whole world spins. She faints. Rafe jumps to catch her before she slams to the ground. H gathers her into his arms, and she looks up into his face He's real, very real.
78) 1) dialog: Evelyn. She's trembling, shaking. He lifts her to her feet, and moves her to the bench.
78) 2) dialog: I sent telegrams, I guess the military traffic held them up.
78) 4) dialog: I saw you, I couldn't go in, I...just stood there wondering if you knew. You looked...sad, and I had to sit down a minute.
78) 6) dialog: ...Survive? I jumped in a patch of fog, and nobody could see me. I hit the water hard. And it was so...cold. He looks toward the horizon, when the last light of day f to black. There's something he thinks about saying, and doesn't. Then...
78) 7) dialog: I don't know how long I was in the water. A Norwegian freighter picked me up. They were headed to Spain. They docked in La Rota, right beside a German ship, and told me to stay hidden below. I was afraid they'd turn me in, so I stole some clothes, jumped ship, and found a church, where the priest contacted the resistance, and got me on a freighter to New York. He looks at her, then looks down again.
78) 8) dialog: I called my folks, then Colonel Doolittle. The Colonel sent a man to pick me up. They wanted to debrief me. I told the Colonel I needed to see somebody first, and he had a supply flight heading out in an hour. (beat) I've done a lot of talking. You haven't said anything.
78) 10) dialog: Nothing that won't heal. I guess. At these words, she looks at him for a long, long moment.
78) 12) dialog: I'm so sorry for what you must've gone through, but I'm back. He sees the troubled look on her face.
78) 13) dialog: Maybe I've assumed too much. Has something changed? (beat) I'm afraid to ask what. And I'm afraid not to. (beat) Have you fallen in love? She nods; she can't even say it. Rafe's dying inside.
78) 14) dialog: It's all right. Danny always said I see things with my emotions instead of my eyes.
78) 16) dialog: Don't worry about that. Guys away from home, lonely, good-hearted women try to cheer them up.
78) 19) dialog: Aw, God. Oh my God. Danny's speechless, and for a moment Evelyn is too.
79) 0) text: Rafe stares out at the harbor, seeing nothing. As he stan there alone and shattered, he has one more
79) 2) dialog: Evelyn... IN THE PRESENT Rafe struggles to bury that memory so far he'll never feel it again.
81) 0) text: Danny crosses the tarmac toward the clustered P-40's. He spots what he's looking for. Sitting in the cockpit of on of the P-40's is Rafe. Rafe won't look at him. Danny clim up on the wing, and sits down there.
81) 2) dialog: Upset? Why should I be upset?
82) 1) text: Drink up. Then we'll talk. Rafe takes the challenge, and takes a long pull on one of straws. Red, Anthony, Billy, and several others enter the bar.
83) 0) text: They're all drinking, and the whole bar is rocking. Rafe uses glasses to show his buddies tactics.
83) 1) dialog: They'll go under you because their planes are faster, then they run so you can't catch 'em. But then they'll come around and take you from behind -- like some Americans will. The last words bring the group to silence. The other guys drift away, to give them room.
83) 2) dialog: Sorry.
83) 4) dialog: I didn't mean it.
83) 6) dialog: Waitress! Four beers!
83) 8) dialog: If you can't keep up, don't drink yours. The waitress delivers four bottles to the table. Rafe tak a slow sip, then stares at Danny.
83) 9) dialog: We gotta face some facts here.
83) 11) dialog: I understand how it could happen. I know why any guy would love her. And I can't blame you that it happened. You thought I was dead, she was grieving, you were trying to help her.
83) 13) dialog: Yeah, right. Anyway, you didn't know.
83) 15) dialog: I'm saying now you do know. So it's time for you to fuck off.
83) 17) dialog: How's this for a fact? I loved her first. Danny takes a long pull of beer, and Rafe does the same.
83) 19) dialog: How's this? BAM! He knocks Danny out of the chair, flat on his ass. Danny backhands the blood from the corner of his mouth.
83) 23) dialog: That hurt? I didn't think you had any balls. Without looking up, Danny lunges at Rafe, tackling him ar the waist, driving him at the wall. But they don't hit the wall; they tumble through the back window of the bar -- not covered in glass, but fronds and wood -- and out into the back alley. They're lying there in the debris when they see the M.P. jeeps coming. They drag each other to their feet, and run away.
89) 0) text: Danny has pulled his Buick convertible off the road; Rafe bent over, his head out of frame; he's throwing up. Danny banged up from the fight and still drunk himself; he wait beside Rafe, who chokes out between heaves --
89) 1) dialog: How come you're not pukin'?
89) 4) dialog: (between heaves) Fuck you.
89) 8) dialog: How sweet. Is that when you put the move on her? Danny slams his fist into Rafe's sick gut. Rafe doubles o again, coughing, nothing left in his belly to come up. Rafe stand slowly, nodding as if he knows the punch was w he deserved. Danny's about to apologize when once more Ra knees him in the balls. Danny folds up, drops to his knees, and starts to retch.
89) 9) dialog: That's better. Rafe crawls into the back seat of the car and passes out, Danny still collapsed at the side of the road.
119) 0) text: -- The first wave of planes drop more torpedoes; they plu BENEATH THE SURFACE, their wooden fins working perfectly, the torpedoes speeding to their targets... We see their AWESOME BLASTS against the anchored ships as torpedoes hit home. -- The Japanese LOW ALTITUDE BOMBERS come in; some drop t bombs directly into the ships; some skip their bombs across the water, the bombs glancing off the surface and then slamming the sides of battleships with tremendous explosions. -- INSIDE THE SHIPS, sleeping sailors are thrown from the bunks; those already awakened run for their battle stations, and try to make it up to the deck; but there's no escape there, as... -- Zero fighter planes strafe the ships, raking the decks killing sailors with MACHINE GUN FIRE.
139) 0) text: Danny and Rafe are in Danny's Buick, hung over and asleep Danny in front, Rafe in back, and they're a miserable sig -- their shirts ripped, blood dried in a leak trail from side of Rafe's nose and the corner of Danny's mouth. The rumble of planes moving overhead makes them stir; the rumble grows huge, as the shadows of a massive formation makes the sunlight flicker. Danny and Rafe squint up, the heads pounding, and realize what they're seeing. Suddenly their headaches are gone, and Danny's gunning the Buick d the road, toward the base.
140) 0) text: Danny blasts through the main gate; the guards are too bu taking cover and haven't even closed the barrier. He races to the tarmac, where some of the planes are stil undamaged. Rafe is out the door before the car stops rolling, and Danny's right behind him. They're running toward a cluster of fighters, when it goe with a bomb blast. Rafe and Danny dive at each other; the first instinct is to cover their best friend with their o bodies. They look at each other on the ground. They see machine g bullets thudding into the planes on the flight line, and ripping along the walls of the buildings. It's as if the whole Japanese airforce is attacking this one base, and n leaving a single plane airworthy.
140) 1) dialog: Get me into a plane!
140) 3) text: You're making a phone call?! Danny dials, as waves of bullets sweep the area, and more planes blow up on the flight line. Rafe thinks he's lost mind.
140) 7) dialog: Where are we going?
140) 9) dialog: What's there?
146) 7) dialog: They're coming around for another pass. You got extra weapons and ammo?
147) 2) dialog: Danny, over there! We're in a canyon, they'll come straight down it, we'll get ‘em in a crossfire. Danny, Rafe and Earl run to a gully opposite the shed and up there, as the other pilots brace the machine guns agai the sandbags. The Japanese planes attacks again. This time the lead pla hits a wall of steel fired from the combined guns; the bullets chew into the bomb it carries and the plane EXPLO The airborne debris makes the following planes shear off. Red's standing, firing; he yells at the Zeros --
147) 6) dialog: Will the others get into the air? Earl shoots a look to Rafe, then turns to Danny.
147) 11) dialog: Get rolling as fast as you can. Stay low! We'll use the topography to separate them and then we can take 'em one on one. They race toward the planes, and the Japanese attack agai Seeing the pilots running for the P-40's, the Zeros aim f them; Rafe and Danny race for the most distant of the pla Joe and Theo run for the closer planes, through the dusty bullet hits. Theo makes his plane and is just strapping himself in whe bullets stitch his fuselage, wounding him. He still force the plane forward. He taxis twenty feet and his cockpit g chopped up and the plane arches into a right turn and put to a stop, Theo dead at the controls. Joe doesn't bother to strap in; he hits the throttle hard heads down the runway... The Zeros are on him as he gets ten feet of air at 120 M. The Zero's bullets eat his canopy and plane skin; the pla breaks apart in mid air, spilling in gouts of flame as it smashes down on the tarmac. Rafe and Danny have reaches the more distant P-40's and a revving their engines as they see Joe and Theo's fate. Th throw on their radio headsets. Their way seems blocked: they've got no runway behind the the wreckage of four P-40's scattered ahead of them, and Zeros screaming over the low hills to attack them. Now Ra and Danny talk through the radio.
147) 13) dialog: Tighter 'n a bulls ass in fly season. Don't hit the barn. They gun their engines and roll through the grass on eith side of the runway, dodging the burning planes; they lift off, clearing the quonset hut by a couple of inches. They blow right through the strafing fire, and into the sky. Eight Zeros are all over them. Earl is in the hut, on the radio and watching through binoculars.
147) 16) dialog: Bet they don't dust crops in Japan. Danny understands immediately, following Rafe's tactic as breaks into a sharp turn and uses the hut, palm trees, an low hills to shake the Japs. They fly like crop dusters, skimming down a foot from the ground, then bobbing up, banking left and right. The Zeros have divided into two groups to chase them, their wings clipping tree tops as t try to follow the Americans. It feels like a 200 M.P.H. car chase, 20 feet off the gro Rafe and Danny skimming and bobbing over the terrain, but there are too many Japanese.
147) 17) dialog: Danny! Let's play some chicken! Danny banks in one direction, Rafe in another...
149) 0) text: Danny and Rafe rejoin each other in the open sky; they've lost the Zeros. The P-40's are flying smoothly, side by side. The two pilots look across at each other, going int battle together. They speak through their radios.
149) 1) dialog: You hear my okay?
149) 3) dialog: I got a half a tank. You?
149) 5) dialog: They're in strafing formation, we'll blow right through their line. They look across at each other.
149) 6) dialog: Land of the free.
150) 0) text: The Japanese planes are in tight, disciplined formation, their minds on the targets below them in the harbor. But their day of shooting sitting ducks changes as the two P- blast in, wing guns blazing, chopping into Two Zeros. Bot Zeros falter and begin to lose altitude. The P-40's make almost impossible tight turns, still side-by-side, and go after the two plane they crippled on the first pass. Rafe finishes one Zero, making it explode in a ball of fl in the air. Danny finishes the other, shooting off its wi so that it spirals into the sea and crashes there. The P-40's swoop up again.
150) 1) dialog: They're trying to hold formation. We can chew ‘em up! The P-40's dig in again, swooping down on the line of Zer Rafe hits first, machine gunning one plane, and Danny com in behind it, finishing it off. The Japanese pilots are screaming at each other over thei radios, but their SQUADRON COMMANDER sees Pearl Harbor ah and tells them --
156) 0) text: The nose of Danny's plane is pointed right at the harbor he sees the sudden devastation of the Arizona. It is a si so awesome it freezes him for a moment. A Zero comes up behind him, firing. Danny jerks his stic maneuver but he's caught... Rafe comes in behind the Zero, chopping it up, even as he yells at Danny over the radio --
156) 1) dialog: Ain't no time for spectatin'! They turn back after the line of Zeros. There are some Japanese planes coming after them now, but the P-40's hea their noses, firing, then duck past in a double maneuver, turn right back into the Japanese formation. Rafe has a plane in his sights, but his guns fire only a short burst before stopping.
156) 2) dialog: I'm out of ammo!
162) 0) text: The two P-40's drop out of the sky and bounce to a landin Anthony and Red have been pushing the wreckage off the fi with the Buick. Danny and Rafe pull the P-40's behind the burning quonset hut, and it's like a pit stop at a race track; Earl rushes up and starts fueling the planes, thei engines still running.
168) 0) text: The sailors in the boat get strafed, the rounds cutting between them and blasting their boat in two. They jump in the oily water and swim toward shore. Other sailors are in the water with them, struggling, swallowing the vile black liquid as they battle to swim. Errant bombs and shrapnel hit beside them, killing some; other lose strength and slide beneath the surface. The sailors from the ammo boat make it ashore; it's hot t too, with bullets and bombs all around. One sailor has to stop and puke from the oil; his buddy grabs him and they for cover; they find it in the dugout of the baseball diamond.
172) 0) text: Trucks are moving dependents -- women and children -- fro the dependents’ housing area. The Japanese strafe the trucks, dependents diving for cover.
191) 0) text: Danny and Rafe arrive at the hospital. Their fears of wha they might find aren't helped when they see the stairs in the hospital covered in blood.
192) 0) text: Rafe and Danny enter. It's a scene from hell. Doctors are doing amputations in the hallway. The once-pristine hospi is now all red, with blood dripping through the mattresse onto the floor... In the main ward, Evelyn and the other nurses are using t fly sprayers to spritz cooling antiseptic on the charred bodies. Evelyn looks up and sees both Rafe and Danny. Her eyes register relief, but they are the only part of her t can show emotion now; the rest of her is covered in blood Rafe and Danny move to her.
192) 1) dialog: How can we help?
193) 0) text: Rafe and Danny sit quietly as Evelyn adjusts the tubes conducting blood from their arms into sterilized Coke bot for transfusion.
193) 1) dialog: What else can we do?
194) 0) text: Rafe and Danny hop from the ambulance in which they've hitched a ride to the harbor. They see the awful devastation.
195) 0) text: Rafe and Danny reach the West Virginia's pier, but in the darkness, they can't find anything. They stop a NAVAL OFFICER.
195) 5) dialog: A friend of ours wanted to be sure you're alive. Evelyn. A nurse.
196) 0) text: Dorie pilots the dinghy through the floating debris. Rafe and Danny sit with him. He stops over a dangerous pile of superstructure wreckage.
207) 0) text: There is a mass memorial service going on, with caskets draped in flags. There are also coffins covered in Japanese flags, their drowned fliers being treated now with respect. Everyone is in their best uniforms. The pilots -- Rafe, Danny, and the other guys -- are looking at Billy's coffi Evelyn, next to Danny, on his appropriate side is looking one that belongs to Betty. So is Red; he's grieving.
207) 4) dialog: I need to tell you something. I didn't know what it was to lose somebody, to see death and find how much it scares you. That you haven't lived and loved enough. I didn't understand. Forgive me.
207) 6) dialog: Of course I forgive you. I know what you feel for Danny is real. And your choice is your choice.
207) 9) dialog: Yes, Major.
207) 13) dialog: What for, Sir?
208) 0) text: The wrecked planes have been pushed off the runway and li piles. A transport plane is fueling, and Rafe and Danny w in the shade of a shelter.
210) 0) text: Rafe and Danny follow the Major down a spartan corridor; whole place reeks of secrecy.
211) 0) text: The Major opens the door for Rafe and Danny, then leaves, closing it behind him. Doolittle is alone at a desk. Rafe and Danny walk in and salute. Doolittle motions to the tw chairs in front of the desk without looking up from the papers he's studying.
211) 6) dialog: Is that the good new, Sir, or --
211) 8) dialog: Well sure, Colonel --
212) 0) text: A room full of PILOTS are assembled, with and other CREWM Danny and Rafe are there; Red and Anthony too.
212) 4) dialog: What color flowers you want me to bring to your funeral?
212) 6) dialog: (whispering) Bombers.
216) 0) text: The B-25's are practicing, flying at treetop level. Red i Rafe's copilot, Anthony is Danny's. Doolittle is flying t lead bomber.
217) 0) text: Danny's outside, looking up at the moon. Rafe appears and moves up beside him.
217) 2) dialog: Danny, what the hell are you trying to do out there?
217) 4) dialog: No. You're trying to beat me.
217) 6) dialog: Bullshit. We've played with each other, pushed each other. This is different. Like you want to prove that you're better than me. Who's that for -- Evelyn? Danny's anger flares for a moment -- but Rafe's hit home.
217) 8) dialog: What's between you and her is between you and her. But here's what's between you and me. Everybody has a hero, Danny. And you're mine. Danny's caught off-guard.
217) 9) dialog: When we were growing up, I had everything. You had nothing. You climbed out of a hole I couldn't even see the bottom of. I think maybe when I went off to England, I was trying to measure up to you. Measuring up's over. Let's just look out for each other. Okay? They embrace, closer now than ever.
218) 0) text: Doolittle leads the bombers to a landing. IN RAFE'S PLANE everybody's wondering why they're here.
218) 2) dialog: Wish I knew, Red.
219) 0) text: The crews climb from their planes, and almost before they out, teams of men use straps and cranes to hoist the bomb onto flatbed trucks. Doolittle walks up to Rafe and Danny watching the baffling operation.
221) 3) dialog: I'm gonna turn in. I hate being on the water. I think this is the last sleep I'll get for awhile.
222) 1) dialog: McCawley. The manager hands him a key, and smiles curiously.
223) 0) text: Rafe enters his room and finds the light on...and Evelyn' there waiting.
223) 1) dialog: What?...
223) 3) dialog: It must of been a convincing letter.
223) 5) dialog: Does Danny know? She shakes her head, refuses to cry.
224) 0) text: The USS HORNET clears the Golden Gate Bridge, with cruise and destroyers rounding out its battle group. Rafe and Danny stand on the flight deck, watching the cit recede behind them. Evelyn is on a hilltop watching them go. Danny can't see her, doesn't know she's there. Rafe can't see her either but he knows.
225) 1) text: Gentlemen, I can now tell you that the target of this mission is Tokyo. The pilots love it. The ones who have not seen battle are grinning and vocal. Rafe, Danny, Anthony, and Red are quieter, savoring the prospect of revenge.
226) 0) text: The sailors who man the flight deck look at each other wi bafflement as the worried pilots pace from one end of the deck to the other. They're in a line like ducks, Rafe in lead and the others following, counting steps, each man measuring the distance. Shaking their heads, worrying. They stop at the end and look down at the sea far below t it's dizzying. Anthony shoves Red for fun before grabbing his shoulder to stop him from falling.
226) 1) text: A-a-asshole!... Maybe it's l-longer going this way. He starts pacing back the other way, as if the ship's lon in that direction. The other pilots watch him for a momen then follow him, counting again. Rafe and Danny are left standing alone at the end of the flight deck. Far over the surging sea.
226) 3) dialog: They'll turn the ship into the wind before we launch. That'll help.
226) 6) dialog: Maybe we'll be lucky with the weather.
230) 0) text: The preparations begin. Deck crews move the B-25's to the rear of the flight deck. Fueling teams top off the bomber gas tanks. Ordnance men hoist four bombs into each aircra and the army gunners load ammunition for the machine guns Greening checks the planes’ mechanical and hydraulic syst And once again the pilots are out pacing the deck distanc It's turned into a game for them, walking off nerves. As Rafe and Danny pass.
230) 1) dialog: It's not getting any longer.
230) 6) dialog: Colonel...we're all going. Whether you make it or not.
237) 0) text: Rafe, Danny, and the other pilots are alone at their bunk taking advantage of the lull before the mission. Rafe has paper and pen to write a letter, but he can't th of anything to write. Danny holds the "Picture of Paradise" that Sammy took, of Evelyn and the nurses in the sun. He tucks it inside his shirt, when he hears --
239) 0) text: It's starting to rain but the guys don't notice at all. They're stripping seats out of the planes, tossing out t own gear. Greening pulls the machine guns out of the rear of the pl and puts in broomsticks painted black. Off in the distance the Japanese patrol boat takes a hit explodes. Rafe and Danny meet between their bombers.
239) 2) dialog: We'll get separated over the target, but you and I will rendezvous for the run to China. I'm on your wing.
239) 4) dialog: Home of the Brave. They climb into their bombers.
240) 0) text: The engines are revving. The tachs are showing redline. T crews are in their planes. Doolittle is first, just ahead Rafe and Danny's B-25's. The battle pennants whip, the props blur, the wheels stra against the brakes; from the cockpits the flight deck loo impossibly short...and the American flag cracks in the wi And now every pilot looks at Doolittle's plane... Doolittle starts the run down the flight deck...faster... end looming. He turns the plane almost vertical, standing on its props...and lifts away smoothly. The sailors on deck cheer, like the Japanese did before P Harbor. Rafe, Danny, and the others take off too.
243) 0) text: At first the planes are together; Rafe and Danny can see other off each other's wing, and Doolittle's plane is ahe The others are grouped after them. They maintain strict radio silence, and can communicate only with gestures, ha signals, or a flasher for Morse code. When Rafe speaks to the crew of his own plane, it's by pressing an intercom sender to his throat.
243) 1) dialog: What's our ETA for Tokyo? The bombardier/navigator is already working out the numbe at his plotting table in the center of the plane.
257) 0) text: Rafe's bombardier works his 20-cent bombsight, as Rafe ho the plane steady, bringing it up to 200 feet. They scan for fighter or anti-aircraft fire. There isn't any.
257) 1) dialog: Open bomb bay doors. DANNY'S PLANE runs toward its target... DOOLITTLE'S PLANE races over Tokyo...
257) 3) dialog: It's all yours. The bombardier hits the first switch. The bomb falls towa a factory. It strikes home, right on target. The blast is shocking - it blows debris higher than the plane.
262) 0) text: Rafe pushes the engines to top speed and changes course again; but the B-25's can't outrun the Zeros. Their fire chews into the bomber's tail, hitting the gunner. Red scrambles back to find the gunner dead.
262) 1) dialog: Can you get 'em off us? Red reacting to bullets coming through the rear of the fuselage, looks at the brooms protruding from the rear of plane.
263) 0) text: Rafe takes the B-25 right down among the buildings, somet even having to spin the wings to get through. The Zeros can't keep up with this... But Rafe can't keep it up long, either; they break out in open ground rail yards, where there's no place for him to hide... The Zeros come in to chew him up... But they take fire from another B-25 -- Danny's -- coming to save Rafe's plane. Rafe now uses the radio.
263) 1) dialog: Danny, get the hell out of here! But Danny stays, mixing it up with the Zeros; with both B-25's together, their machine guns down one Zero and dam another. But there are too many. Rafe sees clouds coming in, and fog.
263) 2) dialog: Danny, run for the clouds! The bombers race toward the clouds, and make it; the Zero lose them.
264) 0) text: Rafe and Danny keep broken contact through the clouds, an settle in for the long run to China.
265) 1) dialog: We burned a lot of fuel back there. Flash them and ask about their supply.
268) 0) text: They've climbed above the clouds; the fliers are exhauste The sun is beginning to set. Rafe stares at it...
273) 3) dialog: Not unless we know he's over land! Rafe yells at Danny, as if he could hear --
273) 4) dialog: You are not bailing out into water!
273) 6) dialog: We've got coast! Signal him to climb and jump. Red signals; Danny's plane signals back.
273) 9) dialog: N-O! We stay together! I'll go in first. Rafe turns his bomber and Danny follows, their planes arc down toward the rocky coast; it's hairy, the clouds maski their view, as the altimeter winds down... At the last mo they see rocks looming out of the surf.
274) 1) dialog: Hang on tight! I'll put her in the smooth water and we'll swim in!
276) 0) text: Rafe's plane settles down toward the water; he guns the engine to level out, and the plane skims across the surfa then the propellers catch and the plane stops like it hit wall, flipping over it's nose. DANNY'S PLANE is struggling; when he tries to add throttl the engines sputter out. The plane drops, skips once on t surface, then hits a shoreline rock belly first. Danny and Anthony are ejected through the top of the fuselage; Coma is hurled forward right through the glass of the plane.
277) 0) text: Rafe and Red come to in the plane inverted and sinking. T react, unbuckling, grabbing for their crewmates as the pl is quickly filling. The navigator and gunner are unconscious; the bombardier is dead. Red struggles with t hatch and can't make it budge.
277) 1) dialog: It won't open til the plane fills! They struggle to breath as the water envelops them. But a the water reaches the top, Rafe takes a last breath and d to the hatch; it comes open, and they swim up, dragging t rest of the crew.
278) 0) text: They break the surface, and struggle to shore with the unconscious navigator and gunner. Rafe's looking everywhere; he sees Danny's plane crashed against the rock. He fights his way through the surf to Danny's plane, Red following. Rafe finds Danny face up in the water. Red finds Anthony on the rock. He's face up, but as Red lifts him he finds the back of Anthony's head is gone. The rest of Danny's crew are floating in the surf, dead. Rafe and Red pull Danny to shore.
278) 1) dialog: Danny! DANNY! Danny's eyes flutter open; he sees Rafe and mumbles --
278) 3) dialog: You hang on, Danny! You hang on! You're gonna make it! Rafe's head snaps forward, crunched with the butt of a ri a Japanese patrol, four men, have arrived. They're angry, scared, hyped. They knock Red down too, yelling and brandishing their rifles at the fliers on the beach, livi and dead. The Japanese officer is barking orders. They find the Captain's insignia on Danny's jacket, and begin binding h to a yoke, his wrists tied to the wood like a crucifixion wire around his neck. They find the navigator unconscious but alive. The officer snaps a single word and a soldier shoots the navigator. The others wire Rafe's ankles together... Rafe is emotionless. RAFE'S CONSCIOUSNESS fades in and out. He hears Danny choking, and his mind sees Danny as a boy those long year ago, being carried by the neck across the field by his father... Then Rafe sees THE PRESENT: Danny being half-carried, hal dragged by the neck by two Japanese. The officer is pulli Red along, hands bound behind him. And Rafe starts moving being dragged on his back, pulled by his feet along the r sand. His hand slides by the pistol he tossed behind the rock. The whole world slows down. He clutches it, shoots one of the men towing Danny. And a the man dragging Rafe turns around, Rafe shoots him in th face. The officer spins, raising his rifle; the soldier pulling Red, shoves him onto his face in the sand and aims his ri too. The officer is pulling the trigger to kill Rafe when Danny slams him down from behind. The fourth soldier shoots Danny in the gut, then takes ai for Rafe's heart -- and is shot through the chest from behind. The Japanese officers rises in surprise and is cut down b scythes carried by the Chinese peasant soldiers who are j arriving. Rafe struggles to Danny, moving the Chinese aside. Danny lies on his back, clutching his wound as if to hold onto life.
278) 4) dialog: Danny...
278) 6) dialog: Yes you can. But Danny is silent, his eyes drifting shut, and in that moment Rafe thinks he is gone already. Then Danny's eyes drift open, finding him.
278) 8) dialog: I will. And your baby. (beat) You're gonna be a father. Did Danny hear? His eyes are closed again. But his head comes up; Rafe takes it, and Danny pulls him closer to whisper -
278) 12) dialog: Danny... Land of the free... Land of the free... But Danny will never answer him again. Rafe hugs Danny tight, and weeps.
279) 0) text: Out by the crop dusting landing field is a memorial to Da Walker, with an American flag flying high above it. Stand at the memorial are Rafe and Evelyn. Rafe holds a child i his arms, a boy, named Danny. FADE OUT.