2) 0) text: The planes land in tight order and taxi off the runway; s down their props, slide back the canopies and hop down. W see young pilots we'll get to know: ANTHONY, BILLY, RED.
4) 23) dialog: Yeah.
6) 5) dialog: He's n-never known it to work, either. The guys head out laughing, running into Rafe coming in.
7) 13) text: The trains of 1942 have their own beauty, with felt seats shaded lamps, and paneled compartments even in the econom section. But the glow of the train is outshone by EVELYN STEWART. She's one of ten young women, Army nurses, gathe at one end of the car as it rattles along the track. The other nurses are pretty and ripe -- maybe a bit too ripe. Their lips painted bright red, their faces powdered their spirits high. Evelyn listens in amusement to BETTY, a cute blonde with unmissable boobs, and BARBARA, a burnette equally endowed
9) 0) text: It's a party in full swing; swing music, jitterbugging, beautiful young men and women in high spirits. Rafe and Evelyn are sitting at a big table with the other pilots and nurses. Anthony's paired up with Sandra, Billy with Barbara, and Red, shyest of the group, finds himself next to Betty. Betty's already found a companion in Red Strange.
9) 1) dialog: He, I'm R-Red. Red S-Strange.
9) 3) dialog: You know the football player, Red G- Grange? Well the guys called me R-Red, cause you know, I'm red...and they thought I was strange, so, you know, Red G-Grange, Red Str-Strange.
9) 5) dialog: How would I know. Beside her beer is an open ketchup bottle; he picks it u swigs from that. Rafe and Evelyn see this, and try to kee from laughing.
9) 7) dialog: Only when I'm n-n-n-
9) 9) dialog: Yeah. But if I have to get something out, I c-can always s-s-s- (he sings)
20) 0) text: A Spitfire sits on the runway, and it's badly mangled -- string of bullet holes punched through at mid-fuselage; a shot-off chunk of wingtip; but most striking is the blood still splattered over the inside of the cockpit.
27) 0) text: Rafe brings his battered plane in for a landing...
31) 1) dialog: If I ain't n-never on a b-boat again, it'll be too s-soon.
31) 3) dialog: They're s-still asleep! Danny pauses for a moment, then shouts --
31) 12) dialog: A m-missionary?
31) 15) dialog: I th-think I'm gonna like it here.
33) 1) dialog: More m-mai-tai's! Coma is sitting there with them, beside Red.
33) 16) dialog: Well, you p-puked on his feet.
34) 0) text: ADMIRAL KIMMEL is Commander of the American Pacific Fleet Two members of his staff are standing uncomfortably in fr of him, having delivered a message from the Joint Chiefs Staff.
37) 0) text: Yamamoto and his planners have flown to a quiet Japanese island, sunlit and pleasant. They are gathered on the sho of the island's natural harbor. Wooden targets -- basical huge plank barriers -- are sunk into the water like ships anchor. A squadron of Japanese planes zooms overhead, tak up attack positions.
40) 0) text: Creeping through the vegetation, Red leads Anthony and Bi to a spot outside the nurses’ barracks; they can see the girls through the barracks window.
40) 2) dialog: Shhh! Anthony and Billy are baffled, even more so when Red stri into the open, right outside the nurses' window. And then, Red begins to sing.
40) 3) dialog: (singing) Oh...Betty, Betty, Betty, you're the one for me, Betty, Betty, Betty, Betty, can't you see... Anthony and Billy look at each other, dumbfounded. The nurses move to the open windows. Red's singing is pretty good -- though not that good. But he doesn't stutter when sings.
40) 4) dialog: (singing) I'll be yours for eternity, Betty, Betty, Betty, Betty, Betty! Anthony and Billy are hysterical, trying to keep their laughter hidden. But then they see the effect this is hav on the women -- especially on Betty. She's smitten. Red repeats the verse, really getting into it; when he finishes, Betty runs out and hugs him, as all the nurses applaud. They move off into the darkness, arm and arm. The nurses go back to their primping. Anthony and Billy are changed men. Anthony stands up; Billy's baffled. Anthony moves out and starts singing.
41) 0) text: Coming out of the blustery skies at the end of another de day, a squadron of Spitfires chirps in for landings. The planes are shot up and battered. Rafe is one of the pilots; the fuselage below his cockpit marked with four swastikas, symbols of his victories. He taxis to a stop, and is met by IAN, a Scottish mechanic, is dismayed at the state of the plane.
51) 0) text: Dorie walks away, down the path between the palm trees. S watches him go, and then is transfixed by someone else coming, silhouetted by the light of the setting sun. She can't make out his face, but he's wearing a pilot's dress uniform, and coming to her right out of the warm orange sunset that she has stared at so many times. Her heart sl against her ribs; she takes a few steps forward.
53) 0) text: The Japanese have constructed a replica of Pearl Harbor o their practice island; erecting new target barriers and silhouettes of the various ships anchored at Pearl. Strea of Japanese planes skim overhead in practice bombing runs dropping dummy torpedoes and bombs. From a control platfo erected on the beach, Yamamoto and Genda oversee it all.
55) 0) text: ADMIRALS and other OFFICERS are gathered around a giant m of the Pacific.
56) 0) text: A huge Japanese fleet steams toward Hawaii. It is an awes sight. Carriers, battleships, destroyers, and entire batt group, traveling under complete radio silence, their hull power through the waves. On the lower decks of the carrie are hundreds of planes -- fighters and bombers.
60) 0) text: Some tired Army Intelligence types -- A LISTENER, a TRACK and an INTELLIGENCE SUPERVISOR, are sitting at a bank of phones. The LISTENER is a Japanese-American.
79) 0) text: Rafe stares out at the harbor, seeing nothing. As he stan there alone and shattered, he has one more
81) 0) text: Danny crosses the tarmac toward the clustered P-40's. He spots what he's looking for. Sitting in the cockpit of on of the P-40's is Rafe. Rafe won't look at him. Danny clim up on the wing, and sits down there.
82) 1) text: Drink up. Then we'll talk. Rafe takes the challenge, and takes a long pull on one of straws. Red, Anthony, Billy, and several others enter the bar.
102) 0) text: The Japanese sub commander sees, through his periscope, t flame erupt on the Ward's deck; he's being fired upon. He snaps orders --
119) 0) text: -- The first wave of planes drop more torpedoes; they plu BENEATH THE SURFACE, their wooden fins working perfectly, the torpedoes speeding to their targets... We see their AWESOME BLASTS against the anchored ships as torpedoes hit home. -- The Japanese LOW ALTITUDE BOMBERS come in; some drop t bombs directly into the ships; some skip their bombs across the water, the bombs glancing off the surface and then slamming the sides of battleships with tremendous explosions. -- INSIDE THE SHIPS, sleeping sailors are thrown from the bunks; those already awakened run for their battle stations, and try to make it up to the deck; but there's no escape there, as... -- Zero fighter planes strafe the ships, raking the decks killing sailors with MACHINE GUN FIRE.
137) 0) text: Red sleepwalks to the urinals and unleashes a marathon pi stream, still in his sleep. A rumble penetrates his brain and his eyes come open a fraction. Through the window sli above the urinals, he can see a cloud of Japanese planes rushing past. He squeezes his eyes shut, and looks again; the planes st bombing the distant hangers. Red pisses along the wall as he races to the barracks, tr to get his pecker back into his drawers. He shouts to the sleeping guys --
137) 1) dialog: Th-th-th-th-th- He slaps his face with both hands, and stomps his feet...
137) 2) dialog: Th-th-th-th-Dammit! Th-th-th- He still can't get it out, can't wake them; bursting with frustration, he suddenly blasts out singing --
137) 3) dialog: (singing) The Jaaaps!! The Jaaaps!! He's belting it like a baritone in a bizarre opera. His friends stir; what the hell? Red points outside and tries talk, but now he can't mutter a syllable. The guys hear t explosions, and realize...
138) 0) text: The pilots stagger out, half drunk, half dressed. Seeing what's happening, they race toward the flight line, where clustered American planes are blowing up in groups, and t pilots are knocked to the ground.
141) 0) text: The number of attacking planes seems endless -- and their strategy flawless. Torpedoes hitting one ship lifts its h with a blast, enabling the next wave of torpedoes to rush under and hit the next ship anchored behind. The American battleships are bobbing like see-saws. The OKLAHOMA takes an entire barrage of torpedoes, blowin thirty foot holes along it's hull; the ship immediately begins to list.
147) 3) dialog: D-don't like it when we fight back, do ya! Red runs out with his machine gun and keeps firing even w the planes have passed, trying to shoot them right up the ass.
153) 0) text: The battleship Arizona leaps into the air, the ship's sp is broken, it's guts ripped open in one explosive instant Men on the deck are thrown into the burning oil already floating on the water from the other ruptured ships, but there are almost no survivors. The concussion of the explosion blows men off the repair Vestal, next to the Arizona, saving Vestal, as the explos snuffs out the fires on Vestal; it also sends tons of deb down on her decks -- parts of the ship, legs, arms and he of men, all sorts of bodies. Debris from the Arizona also cover the Tennessee and does more damage than the two Japanese bombs that hit her.
162) 0) text: The two P-40's drop out of the sky and bounce to a landin Anthony and Red have been pushing the wreckage off the fi with the Buick. Danny and Rafe pull the P-40's behind the burning quonset hut, and it's like a pit stop at a race track; Earl rushes up and starts fueling the planes, thei engines still running.
166) 0) text: The harbor is already a mass of destruction and panic; screaming everywhere, men trying to fight fires, move the wounded; the second wave of planes hits, and tremendous explosions now rock the secondary ships like the destroye SHAW, blasting it apart. But the Japanese pilots are now having trouble with the t black smoke coming out of the damaged ships, and off the fires along the water. One torpedo plane, its pilot flyin blind, clips the superstructure of a battleship and spins a crash. Still, even IN THE CHAOS ON THE SHIPS, the sailors strugg to survive, inventively. Men trapped on one burning ship the severed barrel of a five-inch naval gun as a bridge t cross to the less damaged ship anchored beside them. Others jump into the water and swim through the burning o towing buddies too wounded to swim themselves.
179) 0) text: The Nevada, run aground at the shoreline, is now like a b cut from the herd; the predators swarm after it with torpedoes and bombs. One torpedo, missing the Nevada, skims right up the beach itself and blasts a house on the shore to fragments. Bombs detonate along the Nevada, engulfing the entire upp deck in flames, ravaging the sailors.
182) 5) text: Fuchida is in a scout plane, high over Pearl. His vision hampered by the thick black smoke, but he can tell there been awesome devastation. He uses a diagram of the ships anchor to note the damage to each ship.
185) 0) text: The harbor is a place of shattered bodies and shattered ships. Blood, body parts, debris everywhere, and all of i made more hellish by the oil fires on the water and the choking black smoke those fires produce. Every survivor has become an emergency fireman, stretcher bearer, medic, iron worker. They fish men from the water, extract them from the tangled wreckage of the ships. Everyone is screaming and yelling -- the wounded for help the helpers for more help. Local firemen and civilians battle heroically too; the wa mains are ruptured, so they put pump water from the base swimming pool toward the burning ships. The PHOTOGRAPHER records this with his black-and-white f camera. He is shaken, and yet he understands the magnitud of what he is recording -- the loss of America's innocenc
190) 0) text: Divers are going down, trying to save the trapped men. Bu the tangle of the Arizona is horrific. One diver gets trapped, and another tries to extricate him, and the stee shifts and falls on them both. ON THE DECK OF BOMB-SHATTERED BATTLESHIP, a naval CAPTAIN oversees rescue efforts. The 17-year-old sailor he sent o for ammo now approaches him, with great concern.
191) 0) text: Danny and Rafe arrive at the hospital. Their fears of wha they might find aren't helped when they see the stairs in the hospital covered in blood.
192) 0) text: Rafe and Danny enter. It's a scene from hell. Doctors are doing amputations in the hallway. The once-pristine hospi is now all red, with blood dripping through the mattresse onto the floor... In the main ward, Evelyn and the other nurses are using t fly sprayers to spritz cooling antiseptic on the charred bodies. Evelyn looks up and sees both Rafe and Danny. Her eyes register relief, but they are the only part of her t can show emotion now; the rest of her is covered in blood Rafe and Danny move to her.
207) 0) text: There is a mass memorial service going on, with caskets draped in flags. There are also coffins covered in Japanese flags, their drowned fliers being treated now with respect. Everyone is in their best uniforms. The pilots -- Rafe, Danny, and the other guys -- are looking at Billy's coffi Evelyn, next to Danny, on his appropriate side is looking one that belongs to Betty. So is Red; he's grieving.
212) 0) text: A room full of PILOTS are assembled, with and other CREWM Danny and Rafe are there; Red and Anthony too.
216) 0) text: The B-25's are practicing, flying at treetop level. Red i Rafe's copilot, Anthony is Danny's. Doolittle is flying t lead bomber.
218) 1) dialog: N-naval station? What's g-going on?
220) 2) dialog: With a s-short r-runway. They all gather around Doolittle as he moves up to them.
225) 0) text: The pilots are gathered expectantly in the carrier's conference room. Doolittle strides in.
225) 1) text: Gentlemen, I can now tell you that the target of this mission is Tokyo. The pilots love it. The ones who have not seen battle are grinning and vocal. Rafe, Danny, Anthony, and Red are quieter, savoring the prospect of revenge.
225) 2) dialog: And where's the secret base, Sir? The one we t-takeoff from.
225) 6) dialog: C-Colonel, we been p-practicing takeoff's, but I ain't sure we can land on these carriers d-decks.
225) 8) dialog: Then wh-where do we land?
226) 0) text: The sailors who man the flight deck look at each other wi bafflement as the worried pilots pace from one end of the deck to the other. They're in a line like ducks, Rafe in lead and the others following, counting steps, each man measuring the distance. Shaking their heads, worrying. They stop at the end and look down at the sea far below t it's dizzying. Anthony shoves Red for fun before grabbing his shoulder to stop him from falling.
228) 3) dialog: I d-don't think Japs ought'a be allowed to p-play baseball.
228) 5) dialog: Colonel, to f-fight you need strategy. To have strategy, ya gotta practice. And to practice it, ya gotta play --
228) 7) dialog: Y-Yes Sir.
236) 0) text: Doolittle finds the Admiral gathered with his staff, thei mood is grim.
240) 0) text: The engines are revving. The tachs are showing redline. T crews are in their planes. Doolittle is first, just ahead Rafe and Danny's B-25's. The battle pennants whip, the props blur, the wheels stra against the brakes; from the cockpits the flight deck loo impossibly short...and the American flag cracks in the wi And now every pilot looks at Doolittle's plane... Doolittle starts the run down the flight deck...faster... end looming. He turns the plane almost vertical, standing on its props...and lifts away smoothly. The sailors on deck cheer, like the Japanese did before P Harbor. Rafe, Danny, and the others take off too.
243) 3) dialog: High n-noon. I k-kinda like that. Rafe looks over to Danny and gives him a thumbs up.
262) 0) text: Rafe pushes the engines to top speed and changes course again; but the B-25's can't outrun the Zeros. Their fire chews into the bomber's tail, hitting the gunner. Red scrambles back to find the gunner dead.
262) 2) dialog: Whatta ya want me to do, sweep ' em! As the bombardier, navigator, and Red jump onto the other machine guns, Rafe looks for a way out. He dives down tow the city. The Zeros follow.
273) 2) dialog: They've gotta jump.
273) 7) dialog: They don't have fuel to make altitude. He's gonna set it down in the water. Rafe looks over at Danny, who is gesturing; he gives up o the hand signals and grabs the flasher; Red reads the Mor code...
273) 8) dialog: Y-0-U... G-O. You go on. Rafe grabs the flasher and angrily flashes back two lette
277) 0) text: Rafe and Red come to in the plane inverted and sinking. T react, unbuckling, grabbing for their crewmates as the pl is quickly filling. The navigator and gunner are unconscious; the bombardier is dead. Red struggles with t hatch and can't make it budge.
278) 0) text: They break the surface, and struggle to shore with the unconscious navigator and gunner. Rafe's looking everywhere; he sees Danny's plane crashed against the rock. He fights his way through the surf to Danny's plane, Red following. Rafe finds Danny face up in the water. Red finds Anthony on the rock. He's face up, but as Red lifts him he finds the back of Anthony's head is gone. The rest of Danny's crew are floating in the surf, dead. Rafe and Red pull Danny to shore.