47) 7) text: The sailors have assembled on deck for the ship's heavywe championship fight, a contest made more interesting to th sailors because one of the combatants is white and the ot is black. The battle is more toughness than technique. The guys throwing haymakers and shoving each other around the rope area, as their shipmates cheer and make wild bets. The wh guy digs a punch deep into the black guy's ribs, and the black guy slams a double left hook into the white guy's belly, making him back up and say --
58) 0) text: The sailors and soldiers bask in the sun, play volleyball The aircraft carrier Lexington steams past toward the har entrance.
83) 22) dialog: Is this a private fight or can anybody jump in? Billy hits him. The whole bar erupts. Rafe and Danny are really having at it, fueled by so much emotion that nothing hurts. They're on the floor now, try to rip each other apart. They struggle to their feet and Rafe manages to knee Danny in the balls. Danny doubles ov in pain.
85) 0) text: Yamamoto's flagship. The clock reaches midnight, and a sailor tears off it's calender. It's December 7, 1941.
95) 0) text: The sailor who will drive the midget sub completes his ceremonial sponge bath, and places a handwritten letter o his personal shrine.
96) 0) text: We see the sub surface, and the sailor exit the main hatc the big sub, then force himself through the tiny hatch of midget sub.
118) 0) text: Two sailors are standing on the deck, sharing a smoke, looking out over the quiet harbor. One of them sees the first few planes streaking in.
119) 0) text: -- The first wave of planes drop more torpedoes; they plu BENEATH THE SURFACE, their wooden fins working perfectly, the torpedoes speeding to their targets... We see their AWESOME BLASTS against the anchored ships as torpedoes hit home. -- The Japanese LOW ALTITUDE BOMBERS come in; some drop t bombs directly into the ships; some skip their bombs across the water, the bombs glancing off the surface and then slamming the sides of battleships with tremendous explosions. -- INSIDE THE SHIPS, sleeping sailors are thrown from the bunks; those already awakened run for their battle stations, and try to make it up to the deck; but there's no escape there, as... -- Zero fighter planes strafe the ships, raking the decks killing sailors with MACHINE GUN FIRE.
120) 0) text: Fire and smoke are turning everything into chaos. some sailors rush to man the guns, they find the ammo boxes locked. Under the bombing and strafing, they find a wrench and st pounding on the lock, trying to break open the ammo box. Then they break open the lock -- and find the ammo box em
120) 1) dialog: Shit! I'll get some ammo! He runs for the ladders, and is shot down before he gets there.
122) 0) text: Bombs are hitting the deck. Sailors are blown into the ai and out into the oily water. Nearby ships are catching fi the flames spread out onto the oily water itself.
125) 0) text: Sailors run up from below and are gunned down and blasted down before they can reach their weapons. Dorie Miller emerges from below decks and sees the carnag the confusion. A bloody OFFICER grabs him.
128) 0) text: Dorie emerges into even greater carnage and confusion. A sailor, his body on fire, runs past and leaps into the oi water -- but it is in flames too. Then Dorie sees it: an unmanned anti-aircraft gun. He run to it, through the strafing. The gun already has a belt of ammo in it -- apparently lo by the gunner who lies beside it with his chest shot open Dorie swings the business end of the gun toward the Zeros coming in out of the smoke, and he begins to fire. The Zeros keep coming and he keeps firing; nothing on ear will knock him from that gun.
143) 0) text: Water is up to the trapped sailor's waists when they grab wrench and start taking turns pounding $.0.S. in Morse co on the bulkhead.
144) 0) text: As the listing grows more severe, sailors start jumping f the deck into the water. Still the Marines on deck are firing back at the planes; some Marines are even using handguns. But courage does not save them...
145) 0) text: In one compartment there are a dozen trapped men. They'v survived the roll-over, and are in a chaotic world where floor is now the ceiling. The water is up their waists. Some of the SAILORS are panicking. One sailor has a flashlight and switches it on, flashing light from face to face.
166) 0) text: The harbor is already a mass of destruction and panic; screaming everywhere, men trying to fight fires, move the wounded; the second wave of planes hits, and tremendous explosions now rock the secondary ships like the destroye SHAW, blasting it apart. But the Japanese pilots are now having trouble with the t black smoke coming out of the damaged ships, and off the fires along the water. One torpedo plane, its pilot flyin blind, clips the superstructure of a battleship and spins a crash. Still, even IN THE CHAOS ON THE SHIPS, the sailors strugg to survive, inventively. Men trapped on one burning ship the severed barrel of a five-inch naval gun as a bridge t cross to the less damaged ship anchored beside them. Others jump into the water and swim through the burning o towing buddies too wounded to swim themselves.
167) 0) text: Below decks, sailors have organized a line and are passin ammunition from the ammo lockers, hand to hand up to the on deck. Blasts from bombs hit them and ignite the ammo they're holding, setting off a chain reaction of explosio On the deck, the sailors are out of ammo. An OFFICER grab SEVENTEEN YEAR OLD SAILOR.
168) 0) text: The sailors in the boat get strafed, the rounds cutting between them and blasting their boat in two. They jump in the oily water and swim toward shore. Other sailors are in the water with them, struggling, swallowing the vile black liquid as they battle to swim. Errant bombs and shrapnel hit beside them, killing some; other lose strength and slide beneath the surface. The sailors from the ammo boat make it ashore; it's hot t too, with bullets and bombs all around. One sailor has to stop and puke from the oil; his buddy grabs him and they for cover; they find it in the dugout of the baseball diamond.
173) 0) text: The once-pristine hospital with its glowing white beds is a bloody chaos. Every bed is already full; there are burn and broken people on the floor -- soldiers, sailors, civilians, firemen, all mixed in together. People are dyi everywhere, and screaming in pain, or moaning and begging help. At first we don't see Evelyn, and wonder if she survived the glass; then we see her, flecks of her own bl dotting her face and arms. The blood of soldiers on her surgical apron. A steel calm has replaced her earlier frenzy, even as the other nurses are breaking down.
179) 0) text: The Nevada, run aground at the shoreline, is now like a b cut from the herd; the predators swarm after it with torpedoes and bombs. One torpedo, missing the Nevada, skims right up the beach itself and blasts a house on the shore to fragments. Bombs detonate along the Nevada, engulfing the entire upp deck in flames, ravaging the sailors.
180) 0) text: The Nevada is grounded near the hospital; from the doorwa Evelyn can see the whole ship on fire, burning sailors leaping off the decks. Her hearing, her presence of mind, returns; she lets Betty go, and grabs an ORDERLY.
190) 0) text: Divers are going down, trying to save the trapped men. Bu the tangle of the Arizona is horrific. One diver gets trapped, and another tries to extricate him, and the stee shifts and falls on them both. ON THE DECK OF BOMB-SHATTERED BATTLESHIP, a naval CAPTAIN oversees rescue efforts. The 17-year-old sailor he sent o for ammo now approaches him, with great concern.
190) 1) dialog: Sir, I...I lost the dinghy. The captain looks out over the wreckage, great battleship devastated in every direction.
197) 0) text: Men are working through the night to save the sailors tra in the hull.
198) 1) dialog: What's that? The light comes on and sweeps around the faces. The water up to their chests, but it's stopped rising.
198) 3) dialog: How do you know?
200) 2) dialog: You hear something? Something stirs in the ship; a noise...from where? Then a point of light; sparks fly into the room; somebody's cutt through the wall. And the sparks illuminate faces suddenl filled with hope. But as the cut enlarges, the trapped air, compressed by t water, starts rushing out -- and the water starts rising again. The trapped sailors hope turns to terror.
200) 3) dialog: It's letting out air, and letting in water! The steel circle pops out, and they knock the welders dow their hurry to escape. Some of the sailors who were trapped are naked. They figh their way toward the escape hole cut into the hull, assis by rescue workers.
201) 0) text: The trapped sailors emerge, and they can barely take in t devastation. Destroyed ships everywhere, the smoking wreckage... The rescued sailors gaze around them in shock They are shivering, and other sailors put blankets around them.
226) 0) text: The sailors who man the flight deck look at each other wi bafflement as the worried pilots pace from one end of the deck to the other. They're in a line like ducks, Rafe in lead and the others following, counting steps, each man measuring the distance. Shaking their heads, worrying. They stop at the end and look down at the sea far below t it's dizzying. Anthony shoves Red for fun before grabbing his shoulder to stop him from falling.
240) 0) text: The engines are revving. The tachs are showing redline. T crews are in their planes. Doolittle is first, just ahead Rafe and Danny's B-25's. The battle pennants whip, the props blur, the wheels stra against the brakes; from the cockpits the flight deck loo impossibly short...and the American flag cracks in the wi And now every pilot looks at Doolittle's plane... Doolittle starts the run down the flight deck...faster... end looming. He turns the plane almost vertical, standing on its props...and lifts away smoothly. The sailors on deck cheer, like the Japanese did before P Harbor. Rafe, Danny, and the others take off too.