11) 0) text: A high-tech beast, its engine GRUMBLES angrily. At the wheel is BRIAN, early 20's, good looking, athletic, a gol boy. He plays his intense eyes over a bank of gauges and readouts. Pure confidence as he flips switches, He presses buttons on the turbo control. The readout BEEP counts down from 10. He opens a door atop the gearshift, exposing a red button. Brian leans forward, expectant.
11) 1) dialog: Ten second quarter mile... Orange cones ahead mark the finish.
13) 0) text: 2... 1... Zero. Brian stomps the gas, hits the little red button. The engine SCREAMS. The turbine HOWLS. 1st gear, clutch up. The rear tires spin, smoke. The Supra shimmies a beat, then... . ° VROOM! The car rockets forward. Brian shifts, 2nd gear, struggling for control, fishtailing. 3rd gear. The car hits 9O0MPH. ‘Then, the front end begins to float then... Brian misfits, Gears GRIND. The car spins out, corkscrewing across the parking lot. The world outside rotates a few times. The car stops. The engine BACKFIRES and stalls. (CONTINUED)
13) 1) text: 18 19 20 Blue Revision 05/05/2000 6. CONTINUED: ‘ 18 Frustrated, Brian sighs, sits in silence a beat. This car scares him and that passes him off. He checks his watch.
13) 2) dialog: »..shit... He starts the car and cautiously pilots it to the exit.
14) 0) text: A performance racing parts store. Brian's Supra pulls up. He gets out and crosses to the entrance,
15) 0) text: It's a high tech, otherworldly gallery of exotic racing a performance parts; turbos, exhausts, rims. Gleaming gages and winking dash computers. HARRY, the proprietor, a tough older black guy, sits on a stool filling out shipping labels. The cuff of his Dickie has ridden above boot top to reveal a prosthetic leg. He looks up at Brian, gives him an angry stare.
15) 3) dialog: Don't have to like me. You just have to listen to me. Harry grudgingly hits the NO SALE key and gives Brian a twenty from the register.
15) 4) dialog: I'm going over there. What do you want on your Sandwich?
16) 0) text: A pick-up with HARRY'S PRO SHOP emblazoned on the door is parked under some shade trees. Brian sits behind the whee with the sports page. He's watching: TORETTO'S LUNCH COUNTER, a small sandwich shop a half blo away. A CUSTOMER exits. A lone FIGURE behind the counter.
17) 0) text: Airbrushed race cars and submarine sandwiches on the wall all unbelievably lifelike. MIA TORETTO, Brian's age, slic a beefsteak. tomato with practiced precision. A stunner, looks up with warm eyes.
17) 1) text: Harry's pick-up parks and Brian exits.
17) 3) dialog: Hi, Harry sent me. He said you know what he likes.
17) 5) dialog: Probably isn't on the menu.
17) 7) dialog: Gimme a sub with everything. Brian hands her the twenty. Looks at photos on the wall a she makes change.
17) 9) text: 21 Blue Revision 05/05/2000 8. CONTINUED: ‘ 21 On the adjacent wall, there's a life size painting of Dou helmet underarm, a race winning smile. Brian nods at it.
17) 10) dialog: Nice. Who painted it?
17) 12) dialog: Guess talent runs in your family. Mia looks at Brian. She knows what he's going to say next
17) 13) dialog: How's a guy get a shot racing Dominic? Mia looks at him, disappointed he's like all the rest. Sh slaps the change in his hand. Mia begins making the order Brian looks at the coffee in Mia's mug. It ripples with vibration. Something is approaching. RUMBLING.
17) 14) dialog: Four cars streak past the windows. Their turbos WHINE, waste gates HISS. Brian turns in time to see their dust. The NOISE fades.
17) 15) dialog: That's what I'm talking about. When he turns back to Mia, she has a cagey little grin.
17) 17) dialog: Tucson.
17) 19) dialog: No. I'mme. I'm my own thing.
17) 26) dialog: Been there three days, I hope he's just testing me.
18) 2) dialog: You haven't seen my car.
18) 3) text: Make sure you have good shoes. It's a long walk back to Arizona. Then she SEES Vince watching and becomes serious. Brian notes the change, follows her eyeline to the yellow Civic outside and REACTS. Mia hands him a takeout bag.
18) 4) dialog: See you tonight. (CONTINUED)
20) 10) dialog: 'Scuse me, bro.
23) 0) text: Brian doesn't want to fight Vince.
23) 1) dialog: Be cool, man. Vince shoves Brian back a step.
24) 3) text: Brian twisting Vince's arm like bubblegum, Vince in submission.
25) 0) text: Brian grinds his Sketcher on Vince's neck. Leon and Letty come running to Vince's aid. Dominic explodes from the sh --charges Brian and pistolwhips him. CRACK! Brian drops t the ground. Stunned, seeing stars. Blood trickles from behind his ear. Vince straggles to his feet.
25) 2) dialog: He was in my face.
25) 8) dialog: I work around here.
25) 10) dialog: Me and you, quarter mile. How about it? Dominic laughs. Vince, Jesse, Leon, Letty grin at Brian's expense; just another small town kid with big city dreams
25) 12) dialog: You owe me some food.
26) 0) text: Harry devouring a fresh sandwich as Brian ices his head. Harry is delighted Brian got his comeuppance. (CONTINUED)
27) 0) text: Harry's pick-up cruises down the street, Brian behind the wheel, pensive. ‘ An UNMARKED with two plainclothes pulls up behind him. It whoops the SIREN. Red and blues flashing behind the grill Brian REACTS. Pulls over. The driver exits, this is SERGEANT TANNER, older, crusty. He approaches, Brian notices the bump on his head. Brian smiles, innocent.
27) 1) dialog: What's the problem?
27) 3) dialog: Jack handle fell on me.
29) 0) text: Set up in the living room of this palatial home. Evidence seals are taped all over the doors. There's no furniture, take out food containers everywhere. A bank of monitors shows Caltrans traffic camera views throughout L.A. Brian enters with the same confidence he brought to the sandwic shop. The WATCH OFFICER, a heavy desk jockey in Dockers, eyes a frozen burrito in the microwave. He gives Brian a warm smile.
29) 2) dialog: They don't know what they're in for, sir. Waddaya think of this place?
30) 1) text: SPECIAL AGENT BILKINS a young, really laid back triathlet and ruthless bureaucrat in sporty casuals. They are waiti for: Brian, who enters and lights up the roon (CONTINUED)
30) 4) dialog: I'm good, Bob. Thanks.
30) 7) dialog: Had my first contact with Toretto today. It went well, I'm sure I can get to him.
30) 9) dialog: Six, they're thugs. They lack the sophistication.
30) 11) dialog: If the Dominator's not popping these trucks, he knows who is. Brian gestures sweepingly at the mosaic of mugshots.
30) 12) dialog: This world revolves around him. These peckernecks worship him, he's never lost a race. Race Wars is happening in a week. It's the "Burning Man" of illegal racing. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
30) 15) dialog: We know our suspects are deep in the scene as evidenced by their vehicles and skills, right? They will be at Race Wars. To beat Dominic Toretto, King of the quarter mile. I'll be there too, because after the racing's done and everyone's raving on ecstasy, our suspects will have a big criminal buddy hug and brag about how bad they are. When they will open their mouths, I will hear them.
30) 17) dialog: I'm going to work the sister. She'll know.
30) 19) dialog: Man has no choice. He's been an outstanding resource. He informed me Toretto's racing tonight at the L.A. Coliseum. I'll be there.
30) 21) dialog: Loud and clear, Sergeant.
31) 0) text: Brian unlocks Harry's pick-up. Tanner approaches.
31) 3) dialog: (grins gratefully) I'll use my best judgement.
31) 6) dialog: That will never happen to me. Never. Tanner looking at Brian, with more to say. But he just claps Brian on the shoulder and nods for him to go.
33) 0) text: Rolling slow, the Alpine THUMPING. Brian, jotting license numbers, hides his LAPD radio under the seat. A couple MINISKIRTS wipe frame, making Brian smile.
34) 0) text: This is what it's all about; cruising. LA's tribes brough together by their cars. Chicanos, Asians, Whiteboys, Blacks. Brian is in a slow moving line of awesome cars. L riders. Plush Humvees. Pimp Daddy Mercedes and Beemers. And of course, street racers in a rainbow of intense colo Brian passes a parked lowrider, brimming with hot GIRLS a two HOMIES play videogames on a built-in console. Brian gets lots of smiles from the chicas. As a dozen different BASSLINES thump. Brian pulls into a huge parking lot where racers gather. His green Supra gets lots of stares and nods. Brian parks, gets out of the car, sits on the hood. HECTOR SILVA approaches him. Shaved head, a tattoo on his neck. Built like a fireplug. He checks out the Supra.
34) 4) dialog: Brian. : ° Hector points at his car, a vicious looking Acura Integra Two of his HOMIES stand there, looking bad. Their lowride caddies repose in B.G.
34) 8) dialog: No, man I can't.
34) 10) dialog: Waiting for the Dominator. Hector gestures at a JAPANESE TEAM gathered around a Blac Civic. A BLACK TEAM is busy preening a gold 66 Chevelle.
34) 12) dialog: I know the stakes. Whose Civic?
34) 15) text: Mia steps out of Dominic's RX7. She SEES Brian. REACTS,
34) 22) text: Brian has joined them.
34) 23) dialog: Add mine to the kitty. The crowd is watching Brian. Mia too, secretly thrilled. Vince and Leon are ready to jump Brian. As are the Black and Japanese teams. Dominic glaring at Brian, unaccustome to disobedience. Edwin gives Brian a disdainful once over
34) 26) dialog: I lese, I'm gone. I win... Brian smiles. Dominic doesn't. A beat. Danny and Edwin wait on Dominic, it's his call.
34) 30) dialog: My cousin and me. Brian opens his hood. Wow. It looks like something out of a spaceship. Jesse REACTS, admiringly does the math.
34) 34) dialog: Home's awful far.
35) 0) text: ENGINES in SCREAM in the night. Dominic leads the way. Followed by Edwin's Chevelle, Danny's Civic and Brian's Supra. The teams caravan after them, and a long line of sexy spectator cars.
36) 0) text: Brian is thrilled. He looks over and REACTS. (CONTINUED)
37) 0) text: Dominic suddenly STOPS. SCREECHING to a halt. Edwin stops aligning his bumpers with Dominic's. Danny too. Brian gets the picture, stops too late.
38) 0) text: Brian backs up to the others.
41) 0) text: Brian checks his watch. Nervous. Mouth dry. Looks over at Dominic.
41) 1) text: Dominic stares back with piteous disregard. Brian is a nuisance to be dismissed.
41) 3) dialog: Screw it. I'm beating him. He looks over his gauges and readouts. Brian begins punching buttons. His turbo controller BEEPS. He starts the racing program on the dash computer.
44) 0) text: Dominic in the lead. Edwin close behind. Then Danny. Brian gaining, his exhaust shooting flame. INT. EDWIN'S CHEVELLE (MOVING) - NIGHT sl Brian passes him.
45) 0) text: Dominic shifting, precise, mechanical. 100MPH. Waiting fo the perfect moment. The MUSIC in his ear nears crescendo. Dominic hits the nitrous. Stunning acceleration. DOMINIC'S FOV . . Smooth sailing, a beautiful SLO MO waltz to Brian's frant jitterbug. The road ahead inviting and open. His ENGINE HOWLS its controlled war cry.
46) 0) text: Passing 119MPH. A scary RATTLING. Brian pulis alongside Dominic's RX7. The world outside a blur. The wind WHISTLE into the car. The gages mounted on the window pillar pop off. More smoke. Wires in the dash short -- SPARKS. Two bolts POP off the floor plating. Hit the roof by Brian's head. He keeps going. Impending disaster.
47) 0) text: Dominic drives with Zen precision. The harmony of man and machine. He casts an almost lazy glance at Brian's bright green Supra alongside. A beat of eye contact. Dominic throws it into 5th gear-- The computer hits the nitrous. VROOM!
48) 0) text: Shiftlight. Brian slams it into 5th. His computer lights off stage three nitrous-- The car SHUDDERS. 135MPH. Brian crushes the wheel in his hands. The speedometer climbing. Brian nose to nose with Dominic. His car wants to tear itself to pieces, There's the finish line. Brian and Dominic dead even. The Brian pulls ahead. By an inch.
49) 0) text: A laser beam shoots from curb to curb, a timing device. Hector's homeboy videotapes the approaching cars. Yards to go. Dominic seems to will his car forward, squeezing out every last horse. ° It's close. 149MPH. Dominic takes the lead. By a hair. Dominic's front bumper breaks the laser beam. He wins. Brian lags by a few thousandths of a second. Several car lengths behind, Edwin crosses the line, then Danny a split second later. 58 59 Blue Revision 05/05/2000 27.
50) 0) text: Brian throws it in neutral, stomps the brake pedal. The SCREECH of heavy duty brakes. The car slows quickly. SHAKING and RATTLING. Brian trying to keep it straight. T speedometer falls fast. Brian lets out a WHOOP! His eyes are wild, hair tussled. mad grin. Brian has been struck by emotional lightning. H LIKES racing.
51) 0) text: The racers slow, do U-Turns and return to the finish. The cars, tires are hot.. Brian's Supra smokes. SPECTATORS rush forward. The three Racers. get out of the cars. Hector pulls up in his Integra. Gets out. Hands the titles to Dominic. Who casually folds them, tucks them in pocket, never expecting any other outcome. Dominic SEES Brian leaning against the Supra. Grinning li an idiot, high on adrenaline and danger.
51) 2) dialog: I had you.
58) 1) dialog: Snatched you from the jaws of the Man.
58) 3) dialog: Can I keep my car? (CONTINUED)
60) 0) text: They box him in, forcing him to slow. The RIDER alongside Brian's window aims a Mac-11 machine pistol with a sound suppressor screwed on the barrel. Brian.weighs his option
61) 0) text: The RIDERS dismount and remove their helmets. Vietnamese with bleach blonde spiked hair. They surround the car. Brian and Dominic show their hands. LANCE NGUYEN, with the Mac-11, holds it discretely inside his helmet.
61) 9) dialog: It was. It's his. Dominic looking at the bottle in Pete's hand.
63) 1) text: Dominic and Brian exit a goofy yellow taxi.
63) 3) text: 72 Blue Revision 05/05/2000 34. CONTINUED: ‘ TIA Mia does a doubletake -- Yes, it's Brian. The smile that blooms on her face says everything. She returns to her painting. Surprised to discover her hand is now trembling
64) 0) text: Shabby old furniture with a few electronic luxuries. A great sound system. Leon, Jesse, Vince and Letty split a pack and play a racing video game. Dominic enters with Brian. Shuts off the TV.
64) 15) text: Unseen to everyone, Mia stands at the bottom of the stair She SEES a smiling Brian sitting next to a thrilled Letty Mia unhappily turns and climbs the steps.
65) 0) text: Brian enters with a-big grin. Tanner, Muse and Bilkins ar tense. Bilkins pulls a large ziplock from his drawer. Inside is Brian's police radio. Fire scorched, ash white.
65) 4) dialog: It wasn't street legal. That's why it was rotting in their yard, they can't auction it. It was an impound, didn't cost them a dime. Let them bitch, sir. They can't produce a receipt saying they bought it.
65) 6) dialog: Their loss is our gain, sir. Brian Grosses to the wall of mugshots and begins moving t around. Bilkins, Tanner and Muse watch curiously. Finally Brian gets to the Viet Long Beach Team. He swaps Lance's photo with Pete Tran's.
65) 7) dialog: Sneaky Pete's the shot caller. Lance is just a triggerman. Carries a silenced Mac submachinegun. He sliced and diced the Supra. Pete Tran did the cooking. I say we put them at the top of the suspect list. Off the perplexed looks of his peers:
65) 8) dialog: I've been sitting on Toretto's couch, drinking his beer, getting the short course on who's who. Muse and Tanner trade incredulous looks. Bilkins leans back, looks over the chart of street racers. Brian leans his desk, looks him in the eye, softly: «
65) 9) dialog: Sir... I'm in. A beat. Bilkins purses his lips.
65) 13) dialog: Correct.
65) 15) dialog: Can do, sir.
65) 17) dialog: No, sir. Not yet. First I need another car.
65) 19) dialog: No thanks, Sergeant. It's all about rice power. I'll kick around the impounds and see what I can scare up. Bilkins tosses Brian a new radio.
65) 22) dialog: Great, Muse. Great. Brian exits. Tanner and Muse trade a look.
66) 0) text: Mia unloads supplies from the back of a pick-up. Brian pulls up in a battered Nissan 240SX. The entire passenger side is crushed. The front trim missing. The windshield shattered, headlights dangle from their wires. Mia watche Brian get out and enter the shop. Mia stifles a laugh.
66) 2) dialog: I came to see you.
66) 5) dialog: I'm not into Letty.
66) 7) dialog: I'm not everyone.
66) 9) dialog: Right. Maybe I'm into you. Mia crosses her arms and studies him.
66) 11) dialog: Maybe. And maybe I didn't love that someone back and maybe that's why I left. Fresh start. (CONTINUED)
66) 15) dialog: Mia, I didn't run away. I'm not like that. Let's have a drink tonight and I'll tell you the whole sordid saga. We'll kick back and have some laughs.
66) 17) dialog: We can do better. How about margaritas and mariachis. Nachos? She considers it a beat.
66) 19) dialog: Don't you ever just want to party? Put on Ice-Ice Baby and do the running man? Brian does a goofy dance move. Mia can't help smiling.
66) 21) dialog: Maybe is acceptable. Mia opens the door to the shop and Brian carries in a sta of heavy boxes inside.
67) 0) text: Dominic and Jesse work on a VW bug in the shade of the trees. A speaker THUMPS a baseline. Brian pulls up in the 240SX. He gets out and crosses to the bug.
67) 1) dialog: Got a car. (CONTINUED)
67) 12) dialog: Shit, yeah. I'm down. (CONTINUED)
67) 16) dialog: Where do I de the wrenching? Dominic starts walking up his driveway. Unlocks his large garage.
68) 0) text: Dominic opens the door and light spills in. Brian standin next him. Racks of tools cover the walls of tools. Lathes and drill presses gleam, the machines old but well maintained.
69) 1) text: Hard work in the Toretto garage, Dominic, Brian and Jesse are winching the engine out of the 240SX. Brian just told punchline, their LAUGHTER is heard over their MUSIC.
70) 0) text: Jesse working on his laptop. Brian sits next to him, fascinated, both are filthy, tired.
70) 12) dialog: Wait. THE FLASH. Brian didn't like that.
71) 0) text: Dominic and Brian walk across the front yard.
71) 2) dialog: Bus, I guess. (CONTINUED)
72) 0) text: They cruise through San Pedro. Brian is anxious and tries not to show it.
72) 1) dialog: We're nowhere near my crib.
73) 0) text: Somewhere in San Pedro. Oil wells in B.G. suck crude like steel sandbirds. Dominic solemnly unlocks a padlock. Pull the garage door open. He gestures for Brian to enter the dark warehouse. Brian does, hesitatingly.
74) 3) dialog: What's your best run?
74) 14) text: 84 85 86 87 88 Blue Revision 05/05/2000 46. CONTINUED: (2) ‘ 84 Dominic stands, embarrassed by his show of sentiment. He looks at Brian. It's okay, Brian's eyes are sympathetic. The warmth of friendship binds them.
76) 0) text: Brian tends the counter. Hector Silva enters with six tou ripped and tatted HOMEBOYS. Through the window, six more can be seen watching the cars.
76) 1) dialog: Wassup, dude? They tap fists.
76) 3) dialog: Not as nice as I did. Hector hands Brian a parts list.
76) 5) dialog: I'll hook you up. Brian enters Hector's part numbers into the*computer. INSERT COMPUTER SCREEN -- The parts are for Honda Civics. Brian tries to hide his reaction as he reads the screen. cut TO:
77) 0) text: Brian cruises in Harry's pick-up along East LA's main dra PEOPLE out, shopping at the colorful markets. Street vendors sell inflatable action heroes and corn on the cob
78) 0) text: Brian grabs a duffle off the floor, sets it on the seat. unzips it, digs through the tools inside. Grabs a hydraul boltcutter. He puts on a ballcap, about to get out, catch his own eyes in the rearview. He's about to cross the lin and knows it. cut TO:
79) 0) text: At a side door, Brian goes to work on the padlock with th hydraulic cutter. SNAP! cut TO:
80) 0) text: The side door opens. Brian rushes inside. A keypad is BEEPING. Brian follows the wiring up the wall with his maglite. WHAM! Brian kicks in a closet door. A big steel alarmbox on the wall. He unplugs it from the phone jack. Relaxes a notch. Then he hears: A DIALTONE. The ALARM'S MODEM is DIALING... Brian panics. Kicks a hole in the drywall under the box. Reaches up behind the box. And yanks out... A second phone jack. SILENCE. Brian smiles. He checks out the garage. SEES the stack of boxes from Harry's store. A lowrider on the lift.
81) 0) text: Brian furtively closes the door. Approaches the corner. A walks into a SHOTGUN-- --Held by Vince, not a homeboy.
81) 6) dialog: Okay, shit, what'd I do-~-?
81) 8) dialog: I ain't taking no chances after losing my Supra. At Race Wars Hector's team is gonna run four Civics with stock engines, T66 turbos with nos and four inch exhaust. A beat.
81) 10) dialog: What do y'all think I was doing? All paranoid and what not, coming at me with the big stuff. What'd I do to you?
81) 12) dialog: What? You got a nutshot. We're even.
81) 14) dialog: Many as I can. Already know what y'all got. If you're down, there's a cocksucker whose cash I gotta take. Like to know his poker hand. You down? Dominic and Vince trade looks, they're down. Brian smiles
82) 1) text: 96 97 98 Blue Revision 05/05/2000 50. CONTINUED: ‘ 96 Jesse's bug glides to the curb across the street without lights. Three FIGURES get out and move into shadow. Brian Dominic and Vince eye the building. A formidable structur Brian notes a fire escape on the adjacent building. Point it out to his companions. They run across the street. Up the FIRE ESCAPE.
84) 1) text: A skylight has just been jimmied open. Brian's HEAD AND SHOULDERS appear in silhouette.
84) 4) dialog: Damn, State of the art. Big bucks.
86) 0) text: Brian steps into the moonlight as he reaches to lift the tarp...
86) 9) dialog: Peer over the edge of the sump, their eyes at floor level Both ankle deep in oil. Brian hates what he is witnessing
86) 10) dialog: (softly hisses) We have to.stop this. - Dominic stills Brian with a hand on his back. Points ou the Mac in Lance's hand. Brian grits his teeth in frustration. Ted WHIMPERS. His wet eyes pleading. Pete lights a cigarette. (CONTINUED)
86) 17) dialog: Do the same.
87) 0) text: The alley behind it. Vince drops from a high window. Then Dominic and Brian, they look around, take off running. Toward Jesse's waiting VW at the end of the alley. . Cur TO:
88) 0) text: Brian has the manifest from a truck hijacking. He finds t serial numbers for the VCR's. (CONTINUED)
89) 0) text: Brian sits in the corner typing, he hasn't cleaned up fro the prior evening. Tanner enters. Shows Brian a mugshot o TED HENDERSON.
89) 2) dialog: Yes, holy shit. That was quick.
90) 0) text: Bilkins leans back in his chair finishing Brian's report. Tanner and Brian await his verdict. Bilkins sets the repo down looks dryly at Brian. Then smiles. °
90) 5) dialog: A reliable confidential informant.
90) 7) dialog: Dominic Toretto. He witnessed the assault on Henderson. He provided the numbers off the VCRs. He saw the four black Civics parked inside the premises. Pete Tran's our guy, I guarantee it. Let's get the affidavit into the judge, get signed off and hit this piece of shit with a tactical platoon now. We got mass reasons to take homeboy down.
90) 10) dialog: Sir, in light of Toretto's cooperation, it would be unfair of us to pursue any unrelated criminal matters against him. A beat.
91) 0) text: A hot day. Brian, Dominic, Jesse, Leon and even Vince str Brian's 240SX, tearing out everything. Seats, windows, trim, carpet. Everything goes.
92) 0) text: The Nissan has been stripped to the unibody frame. Chains and blocks attached to it. Brian, Dominic, Vince and Leon use winches and sledgehammers to straighten it. Their shirts are off, the sweat pours. Jesse uses his watchful eyes and lasers and reflectors to guide them.
92) 1) text: Mia takes frozen meat from the big freezer outside. She can't take her eyes off Brian.
93) 0) text: Mia works on a pot of meatball sauce. Brian enters. She's ready with a glass of icewater.
93) 1) dialog: Thanks. How's my painting coming?
93) 3) dialog: Wouldn't this be nice with a little salt around the rim, a little premium tequila, crushed ice, lime juice..?
94) 1) dialog: How's my painting coming?
94) 3) dialog: C'mon. It's just a bad picture. And that's that. A beat of uncomfortable silence, then:
94) 5) dialog: No. I was Mr. Arizona. Mia has a little laugh. The tension broken.
94) 7) dialog: No. I don't. I have an Uncle Who watches out for me. My daddy, he passed on.
94) 12) dialog: Some evil scumbag snuck up from behind and shot him in the head. For a damn wallet. He'd a stepped up to my pops like a man, outcome would of been different. He was such a good guy. (serious) I'll get the punk who did it. I'll get him.
94) 14) dialog: Bad. They were super close. Still in love after like thirty years. I guess she couldn't live without him. She got sick. . Next thing I know I'm at her funeral.
94) 16) dialog: It's part of who I am.
95) 0) text: Brian and Mia cross the parking lot.
95) 1) dialog: Why doesn't Dominic race professionally?
95) 4) dialog: Dominic hooked you up.
96) 0) text: Rocketing westward on Mulholland Drive. A carpet of shimmering lights below. Brian whiteknuckles the door handle. Mia whips through the turns with hair raising precision, a naughty smirk on her face. Mia passes a huge Mercedes. Into oncoming HEADLIGHTS! She cuts back in her lane with an inch to spare. She LAUGHS, Brian looks at her thinks she's insane and loves
97) 2) text: 113 114 Blue Revision 05/05/2000 60. CONTINUED: ‘ 113 Mia's Accord. Brian and Mia sit on the hood and share a pack of Twinkies, watching the moon set over the ocean.
97) 4) dialog: This is nice, thanks for bringing me. Brian is relaxed, at ease like we haven't seen before. Mi looks Brian, at his moonlit features against the starry s Like one of her paintings. Ever so cautiously, she takes his face in her hands and stares deeply into his eyes.
97) 7) dialog: ...where..? Mia looks around with a naughty smile.
99) 0) text: Bare except for a lawnchair and the futon Brian sleeps on He answers his RINGING cell, half asleep.
99) 1) dialog: Huh?
100) 0) text: Brian's 240SX is painted primer gray. Now the work can begin in earnest.
101) 20) dialog: 
102) 0) text: Mia cleans her spray equipment. Brian checks his watch.
102) 1) dialog: Harry needs me to make a parts run up to Simi Valley. He kisses and to her dismay crosses to Harry's pick-up an takes off. . CUT To:
104) 0) text: Muse drives. Bilkins up front. Tanner in back with Brian, showing him the fifty page raid plan. .
104) 2) dialog: Who's Team 3? Tanner hands Brian a black hood and a flak jacket.
107) 0) text: Solidly middle class, nicely decorated. Pete sits at the dinner table with his MOTHER, FATHER, his teenage SISTER. Two older AUNTS and their HUSBANDS. WHAM! The front door is kicked open. The BOOM of a flashbang. Brian runs in with a shotgun, scary as hell with the blac mask. He kicks Pete out of his chair. Drops a knee on his neck and shoves the shotgun under his chin. Muse, Tanner and Bilkins follow, aiming weapons at Pete's terrified family. His Mother and Aunts SCREAM.
107) 2) dialog: (hisses) ° We're cops, asshole. Pete stares daggers at the blue eyes behind the hood. Bri grinds his face in the carpet and handcuffs him. They hau Pete to his feet. His FATHER crosses to him, gives hima shamed, hurt look, it becomes an angry glare and he SLAPS Pete, who looks away. a Blue Revision 05/05/2000 65.
108) 2) dialog: You're cool now.
109) 9) dialog: Pimp slaps? Dominic SLAPS Brian's head.
110) 0) text: Man, this car is fast. Easily the victor, Brian eases off the throttle. He and Dominic tap fists.
111) 2) dialog: Yo, it's Brian.
112) 0) text: Brian expertly plays it off.
112) 1) dialog: All right, have a good one. Later. Brian hangs up. Hands the phone back. (CONTINUED)
112) 3) dialog: My Uncle. Checking up on my ass Dominic looks at the cell's screen.
112) 5) dialog: He drives out sometimes. Dominic hits SEND. Brian's mouth dry as a bone.
113) 13) dialog: What's this?
115) 0) text: A very angry Bilkins sits at his desk glaring at Brian ov steepled fingers.
115) 2) dialog: Yessir. Stunned, Brian retreats to the door.
116) 0) text: A spectacular view. Tanner leans on the rail, haggard, solemn. Brian joins him. Tanner fixes him with a look.
116) 5) dialog: I copied them from the manifests. Tanner shakes his head sadly.
116) 6) dialog: Sergeant Tanner, Pete Tran is our guy. I know I'm right. I learned from the best cop who ever wore a badge: my dad. He taught me it's black and white. We gotta do our job and stomp these insects, like the dick-lice son- of-an-asshole who shot my daddy in the head.
116) 14) dialog: Jesus Christ, Lou. What am I supposed to do now?
116) 16) dialog: I'll do what I gotta do.
117) 0) text: Brian's Nissan rockets across the bleak landscape.
118) 0) text: Brian holds the toy car Dominic gave him. Ahead a lonely intersection quarters the desert.
119) 0) text: A leathery OLD MAN, the only sign of life for miles sits a rock. He watches Brian's car pull up. Brian shows him the toy car. The Old Man points out the road leading to t mountains.
122) 1) text: Brian, walking through the cars. He SEES Jesse's VW waiti in line to race. He crosses to Jesse and leans in his window. They tap fists.
122) 2) dialog: Yo, Jesse. Where's everyone at? Jesse points. Now Brian SEES Dominic, his team, Mia, standing by their cars, which are parked in a staging are near the runway.
122) 4) dialog: What's up? (CONTINUED)
122) 7) dialog: Ain't this your dad's car? You can't bet what's not yours.
122) 9) dialog: Not if they lock him back up after he kills you. Call it off, who you racing? Brian looks over Jesse's car at the racer he's paired wit Brian REACTS -- The other racer is Pete Tran, driving his Mustang. He glares at Brian, who glares right back.
122) 10) dialog: You better win, man. An OFFICIAL with a.clipboard waves Jesse and Pete forward It's their turn to race. Brian watches Jesse pull up to t starting line. Jesse's having second thoughts.
124) 4) dialog: Jesse raced Sneaky Pete for pinks.
124) 9) text: Blue Revision 05/05/2000 . 75. 16SA CONTINUED: ‘ 165A Dominic REACTS. And despite himself, Brian too.
125) 0) text: Brian exits a port-a-potti, hitching up his pants.
126) 0) text: Brian is surprised to arrive to find no one about. He begins searching the bags and equipment. His experienced hands work quickly. Then he finds it -- A speargun tip. Brian stares at the damning evidence in his hand. He sags visibly as he realizes Dominic's team are the hijackers. CUT To:
127) 0) text: Brian moves through the cars, then stops in his tracks.
127) 6) dialog: Where's everyone at?
127) 8) dialog: Mia, wait!
128) 0) text: Mia plunges into the crowd, Brian follows her deeper and deeper into the writhing mass of limbs. She teases him, playing hide and seek in the humanity. Trance dancers in various altered states jostle Brian. He plows his way through entranced bodies.
128) 1) text: Brian loses sight of Mia. Searching through the crowd. More and more frantic.
128) 3) dialog: Every badge in the Southland warits to blow your brother out of his boots. This is your chance to save his life.
128) 7) dialog: I'm a cop. I'm investigating the hijackings. I'm from Simi Valley, not Arizona, Mia REACTS. Fights away from his grip. She punches him hard in the.stomach.
128) 9) dialog: Brian O'Conner. They suggested I use my real first name to be more natural. Mia can't believe this.
128) 11) dialog: My feelings are real, Mia.
128) 13) dialog: Okay, I lied. But unless you help Dominic, you're gonna be standing by a hole in the ground with him in it. Help me save him. A beat. Mia grabs his hand.
133) 0) text: Brian doing 120MPH. Mia has a map on her knees.
133) 2) dialog: They wouldn't double back. And the ten is too well patrolled. Shit, that leaves...
134) 2) dialog: It's me. I got a tasker. Call Pac Bell security and get a cell trace going on Toretto's phone.
134) 4) dialog: Bigtime.
137) 0) text: Brian's cell rings.
137) 1) dialog: Hello?
137) 3) dialog: Everyday. Brian hangs up. Mia looking at the map. Points straight ahead.
142) 0) text: Brian and Mia drive past Lance's burning Hurricane and Letty's demolished Civic.
142) 2) dialog: Real bad. Next they pass Dominic's smoking and shot-up Civic.
142) 3) dialog: Two down.
142) 8) dialog: Drive! Mia climbs onto Brian's lap. Their limbs tangling and untangling as Brian gives her the controls.
142) 12) dialog: Closer! Closer! Mia guides the car right alongside the trailer. She works the wheel, expertly following the back and forth swing. Brian leans way out of the sunroof. Hanging over the side of the car, his legs bracing him. He REACTS to the paveme zooming past his face. He extends his arms, reaching for Vince.
142) 15) dialog: Got him! Stop! Stop! Mia whips the car away from the Tandem Rig. EEEEEEEEEE! Stomps the brakes, the car swerving violently, Brian's ar tight around Vince's torso. The Tandem Rig goes on its way. The 240SX stops on the shoulder.
143) 0) text: Brian gently lays Vince on the street. Kneels over him. Vince is pretty torn up. The cable has mutilated his righ forearm. He has bad road rashes. The black Civic comes to stop near them and Dominic is out like a shot. Brian does first aid assessment, all business.
143) 2) dialog: Gimme your belt. Dominic yanks off his belt. Hands it to Brian. Who tourniquets Vince's arm just below the armpit. Brian straddles Vince and does heart thrusts. (CONTINUED)
143) 3) text: 212 Blue Revision 05/05/2000 88. CONTINUED: ‘ 212 Dominic gets ready to blow air in Vince's lungs. Brian ca see he has had training.
143) 5) dialog: He's back.
143) 7) dialog: Someone doesn't start a couple full bore IVs, he's dead in ten minutes. Brian flips open his cell.
143) 9) dialog: (into phone) This is Officer Brian O'Conner. I'm off duty LAPD. I need a lifeflight rollout. My twenty's the 86 Highway at mile marker fifty six. One trauma victim. Twenty two years old. Six foot. One eighty. He's in shock, bleeding out and in cardiac arrest.
143) 11) dialog: One nine six zero four. « Dominic looking at Brian, overwhelmed with betrayal. Bria feels just as betrayed, his jaw muscles rippling as he clenches his teeth. Then Vince begins shaking violently. Brian and Dominic give him their full attention.
144) 1) text: Spotlights zoom across the desert. Then onto the freeway. Then onto the black Civic, Brian's 240SX and a cluster of people below.
145) 0) text: Brian covers Vince with his body as debris swirl in the powerful chopper's rotorwash. it is a maelstrom of light and noise.
145) 1) text: The helicopter hovers over the freeway and lands. Instant two PARAMEDICS pop out and run TOWARDS CAMERA with aid pa and a trauma board. The Paramedics strap Vince to the board. Brian helps carr him to the waiting chopper.
145) 2) dialog: Move! Move!
146) 0) text: Vince is loaded into the back of the air ambulance. Brian and Mia pile in.
146) 1) dialog: Get in! Get in! Brian looks over his shoulder.
147) 0) text: Brian and Mia somber. Doing a hundred on the 10 East. Heading back into L.A. The spires of downtown are amber towers of flame as the sun gives them its morning kiss.
148) 0) text: The big bad black Buick Regal is parked on the lawn. The front door is open, Brian's 240SX pulls to a stop and Bri and Mia get out. They look at the Buick.
148) 3) dialog: Instinctively draws his gun. Draws a bead on Dominic.
148) 4) dialog: Drop it Toretto! No more running! Dominic stops. Lowers the shotgun to his side.
148) 6) dialog: Lance Nguyen's dead. Vince lost his arm. Least he's stable. Enough is enough. Tell me where Jesse is. I'll get a SWAT unit in there. We'll handle it.
148) 10) dialog: What are you gonna do? Lose your head too? You know what kind of firepower they got. A beat as Dominic looks at Brian in anguish.
148) 12) dialog: No you're not. Let's go. Dominic is relieved. He gets in the Buick and its massive engine ROARS to life. Brian, gets back in his car, gives Mia a worried look. Both cars depart with haste.
149) 0) text: In San Pedro near the Los Angeles Harbor facilities. Dominic's Buick pulls behind a warehouse. Brian's 240SX stops alongside it.
149) 2) dialog: I won't. Brian and Dominic exit their cars at the same time, weapo ready. They trade a look -- They're in this together. Mia getting out of Brian's car.
149) 3) dialog: Stay in the car. She does, very reluctantly. Dominic points the way. He and Brian cross to some dumpsters. Checking weapons. Dominic fumbles with the shotgun's action. (CONTINUED)
149) 5) dialog: Gimme the shotgun. (off Dominic's look) I shoot like you drive. Dominic gives him the shotgun. Brian hands him his Glock. They crouch behind the dumpsters, eyeing a warehouse. It looks like no one is here this quiet Sunday morning.
149) 7) dialog: Ted Henderson. Dominic shoots Brian a look.
150) 0) text: A big sliding door is open about 2 feet. Brian and Domini approach the open door. It feels like a trap.
150) 1) dialog: Let's run for it. They back up for a good running start. And run as fast as they can for the intimidating opening--
151) 0) text: Daylight pours into the dark warehouse from the partly op door. Brian charges inside, then Dominic. Brian dives behind a row of pallets. Followed by Dominic. They lay flat on the concrete floor, panting.
151) 1) text: To get a look at this place. It's full of the latest stuf everyone wants. Motorcycles. Big Screen TVs. Luxury cars and parts. VCRs and DVD players. Brian and Dominic take i the panorama before them. Not a soul in sight, except for
151) 6) dialog: Trade incensed looks. Dominic points at:
151) 8) dialog: Wherever Pete is, assume he's covering those controls. Dominic doesn't care. He goes for it, up and running befo Brian can stop him.
151) 9) dialog: Dominic, no! Dominic running across no man's land.
151) 17) dialog: Runs out in the open, cycles the pumpgun -- KERCHACK! Sprints towards Pete's position. He hits the ground, rolls...
151) 19) dialog: Heard that, fires at the noise--
151) 21) dialog: Is up and running, towards the cars.
151) 27) dialog: Runs for the controls.
151) 30) dialog: Slaps the emergency STOP button. The motorcycle under the helmet CRACKS IN TWO...
151) 33) dialog: One hand on the stop button, the other gripping the shotg takes a one handed shot--
151) 41) dialog: He's okay. Call nine one one. Brian looks for Dominic. Hears a massive ENGINE STARTING.
151) 43) dialog: I can't. Brian takes off running...
152) 0) text: Brian burns up the road. Dominic nowhere in sight. Brian' cell RINGS.
152) 1) dialog: Hello?
152) 11) dialog: Just gonna drive away from everything?
152) 13) dialog: My dad was a cop. I knew from the day I was born I was gonna be one too. Because he told me so. They trade understanding locks. It's all kind of funny, b it isn't.
152) 18) dialog: You go, I go. Brian frantically sets his turbo and NOS controllers. Dominic is cool as a cucumber.
152) 20) dialog: What are we racing for?
153) 0) text: The car rockets forward. Brian ignores the gages and LISTENS to the engine. Time seems to slow as Brian finall finds that special zone... His face reflects a serenity we haven't seen before. It seems like forever as he clutches and shifts into thir Just as perfect as can be. He can almost hear each individual GEAR in the transmission. The car is SPEAKING him as none have before. 232 233 234 235 Blue Revision 05/05/2000 99.
154) 0) text: Dominic can FEEL Brian right behind. Dominic is in the zo too as he slips the Buick into FOURTH GEAR.
157) 0) text: Brian focuses on getting every last foot pound of torque from his engine. Computer, car and driver have become a trinity of acceleration. The train is so close Brian can feel the RUMBLE of its diesels in his bones.
157) 4) dialog: Make eye contact. And within the molasses of time that th both occupy now, Dominic says goodbye. AND SLAMS IT IN STH .
157) 6) dialog: Realizes he can never beat Dominic. Either he can hit the brakes or... (CONTINUED)