22) 0) text: DOMINIC TORETTO sits at a table eating a bowl of soup. Filthy, grease covered, he sits on newspaper. Studying a video of an illegal drag race. Engrossed, learning.
24) 0) text: That gets Dominic's attention. He gets up -- big guy. FOLLOW HIM through the back kitchen, through a curtain. A pistol tucked into the small of his back. (CONTINUED)
24) 5) dialog: «shit... He hops the counter, one hand leaving a greasy print. The other grabbing the snubbed .38 in his belt.
25) 0) text: Brian grinds his Sketcher on Vince's neck. Leon and Letty come running to Vince's aid. Dominic explodes from the sh --charges Brian and pistolwhips him. CRACK! Brian drops t the ground. Stunned, seeing stars. Blood trickles from behind his ear. Vince straggles to his feet.
25) 1) dialog: You crazy, kicking his ass? I'm the only one who can kick his ass. Vince gives Dominic a wounded look.
25) 3) dialog: I'm in your face. Dominic and Brian trade strong-willed glares. Dominic giv Vince a nod, he grabs Brian's wallet. Opens it, shows Dominic.
25) 5) dialog: Brian Earl Spiller. Serial killer name. He throws it back hard at Brian, who fumbles to catch it. (CONTINUED)
25) 7) dialog: Don't come around here ever again.
25) 9) dialog: For Harry? No, I'll call him, You're fired. Don't come back. You do, you're stupid. Serious ass shit. Brian wipes trickling blood from his neck. Brian glances Mia. Who though unhappy for Brian, knows Dominic always triumphs. Brian thinks different. Fixes Dominic with a look, intense and hopeful.
25) 11) dialog: Don't talk to me again. Brian frowns. Dominic crosses to the shop, herding Mia inside. Brian looks down, SEES the sandwiches have been crushed in the melee.
25) 13) dialog: Hook him up, Mia. Dominic locks eyes with Brian. The intensity of his stare gives Brian a chill. Dominic enters the shop. Followed by Vince, and Leon. Let gives Brian a long hungry look, disappears inside. Jesse, last, gives Brian a haughty look.
30) 0) text: Set up in an ornately tasteless bedroom. On the wall a photo chart is labeled: ILLEGAL RACING TEAMS There's black teams, Asian teams, Chicano teams. Names an faces we will see again. And there's a mugshot of DOMINIC, photos of VINCE, JESSE, LETTY and LEON, and even Mia, her photo obviously taken f quite a distance. There are charts and graphs, teacher comments from preschool, this is scientific crimefighting its best. Tanner and MUSE, a young plainclothes, sit befo the boss' desk.
34) 14) dialog: Rolling up in a fiery red Mazda RX7. It is one scary vehicle. Dominic gets out, as intimidating as his car. Adlibs of girls SHOUTING his name. He's popular.
34) 15) text: Mia steps out of Dominic's RX7. She SEES Brian. REACTS,
34) 20) dialog: Winner gets both losers' cars. No second best. Hector's going to hold the titles. Vince hands Dominic's DMV pinkslip to Hector. Edwin casts confident glance at his Chevelle. Forks his over. Then Danny Yamato gives his up.
34) 27) dialog: Pop the hood. A beat as Brian considers it. Then Brian agrees, crossed his car. Dominic gives Jesse a look, together they follow Brian.
34) 32) dialog: You're in. Let's go. Brian smiles. Letty witness an exchange of looks between him and Mia. Letty crosses to Brian's Supra as he gets in Something surprisingly innocent and awkward about her.
35) 0) text: ENGINES in SCREAM in the night. Dominic leads the way. Followed by Edwin's Chevelle, Danny's Civic and Brian's Supra. The teams caravan after them, and a long line of sexy spectator cars.
37) 0) text: Dominic suddenly STOPS. SCREECHING to a halt. Edwin stops aligning his bumpers with Dominic's. Danny too. Brian gets the picture, stops too late.
41) 0) text: Brian checks his watch. Nervous. Mouth dry. Looks over at Dominic.
41) 1) text: Dominic stares back with piteous disregard. Brian is a nuisance to be dismissed.
42) 0) text: A handmade interior with an experimental feel. Dominic pu in tiny earphones. CLICKS play on the MP3 player in his pocket. MUSIC blasts in his ears. He checks his computer. Hits some buttons. Gives Hector a nod. Cool.
44) 0) text: Dominic in the lead. Edwin close behind. Then Danny. Brian gaining, his exhaust shooting flame. INT. EDWIN'S CHEVELLE (MOVING) - NIGHT sl Brian passes him.
45) 0) text: Dominic shifting, precise, mechanical. 100MPH. Waiting fo the perfect moment. The MUSIC in his ear nears crescendo. Dominic hits the nitrous. Stunning acceleration. DOMINIC'S FOV . . Smooth sailing, a beautiful SLO MO waltz to Brian's frant jitterbug. The road ahead inviting and open. His ENGINE HOWLS its controlled war cry.
46) 0) text: Passing 119MPH. A scary RATTLING. Brian pulis alongside Dominic's RX7. The world outside a blur. The wind WHISTLE into the car. The gages mounted on the window pillar pop off. More smoke. Wires in the dash short -- SPARKS. Two bolts POP off the floor plating. Hit the roof by Brian's head. He keeps going. Impending disaster.
47) 0) text: Dominic drives with Zen precision. The harmony of man and machine. He casts an almost lazy glance at Brian's bright green Supra alongside. A beat of eye contact. Dominic throws it into 5th gear-- The computer hits the nitrous. VROOM!
48) 0) text: Shiftlight. Brian slams it into 5th. His computer lights off stage three nitrous-- The car SHUDDERS. 135MPH. Brian crushes the wheel in his hands. The speedometer climbing. Brian nose to nose with Dominic. His car wants to tear itself to pieces, There's the finish line. Brian and Dominic dead even. The Brian pulls ahead. By an inch.
49) 0) text: A laser beam shoots from curb to curb, a timing device. Hector's homeboy videotapes the approaching cars. Yards to go. Dominic seems to will his car forward, squeezing out every last horse. ° It's close. 149MPH. Dominic takes the lead. By a hair. Dominic's front bumper breaks the laser beam. He wins. Brian lags by a few thousandths of a second. Several car lengths behind, Edwin crosses the line, then Danny a split second later. 58 59 Blue Revision 05/05/2000 27.
51) 0) text: The racers slow, do U-Turns and return to the finish. The cars, tires are hot.. Brian's Supra smokes. SPECTATORS rush forward. The three Racers. get out of the cars. Hector pulls up in his Integra. Gets out. Hands the titles to Dominic. Who casually folds them, tucks them in pocket, never expecting any other outcome. Dominic SEES Brian leaning against the Supra. Grinning li an idiot, high on adrenaline and danger.
51) 1) dialog: Why the smile? You lost. Brian spits blood, he bit his tongue. Mia gives Brian an impressed nod. Dominic looking at Brian, measuring him an as he unwinds tape from his hands.
51) 3) dialog: You never had me. You never had your car. Over clutching, watching the shiftlight, not double footing like you should. Lucky that final nos boost didn't blow the welds on the intake. Dominic nods at Jesse, who squat beside the Supra looking for fluid leaks, angry about its mistreatment, he gives Brian a look. °
51) 4) dialog: Me and the mad scientist gotta rip apart the block and swap out the bearings you smoked. (eyes Brian) Don't matter if you win by an inch or amile. Winning's winning. I used just enough to get me there. (MORE)
51) 6) dialog: You got schooled. Learn your lesson and go home. Dominic walks away. Brian can't help but to be impressed. Brian looks to Mia. Both saddened it can't be different. Mia looks away. Letty feels Brian's pain, she motions him over. Then Vince crumples a dollar and drops it at Brian' feet.
51) 10) dialog: You know where to bring my cars! SCREECH! He splits. Brian SEES Mia, then loses sight of her in the pandemonium. The sound of a HELICOPTER, a searchlight sweeps the street from high above. Cars scatter like cockroaches. Brian unsure, then he jump in the Supra and PEELS OUT after Dominic. Flashing lights as six black and whites ROAR onto the Boulevard.
53) 0) text: Under a small building full of doctor's offices. The red RX7 corkscrews down. Finds a space by the stairwell. Dominic exits with a car cover, heaves it over his baby.
54) 0) text: Dominic exits the stairwell. Walks along, his hands in hi pockets. Mr. Innocent as he strolls toward the MTA subway entrance down the block. A COP CAR in a big hurry blasts right past him. Dominic feels like the cat that ate the canary. Until he hears tw GROWLING cop V8's behind him, CHIRPING tires. Opening DOORS.
55) 0) text: Dominic hops in the passenger seat.
55) 1) dialog: Go! Before they block us in! Brian has an impish grin as he punches the gas. A CRUISER stops in front of the Supra. Blocked, Brian throws it in reverse, peels out backwards down the alley.
57) 4) dialog: We gotta spoof the helicopters. Kill your lights and stay on the sidestreets. Brian kills his lights.
58) 2) dialog: You saved.my ass. I already did two years in Lompoc. I ain't going back. I owe you one. You got serious sack, my friend. They clasp hands. Brian smiles. Because he knows he's finally gotten to Dominic.
58) 5) dialog: I'm grateful, not stupid. There is an ominous RUMBLING in the distance. Growing louder. Brian and Dominic trade looks.
60) 1) dialog: Stop, man. These fools don't play. Brian reluctantly stops.
61) 0) text: The RIDERS dismount and remove their helmets. Vietnamese with bleach blonde spiked hair. They surround the car. Brian and Dominic show their hands. LANCE NGUYEN, with the Mac-11, holds it discretely inside his helmet.
61) 3) dialog: Wassup, Pete? Gonna give me a shot at that ‘Stang?
61) 7) dialog: I never cheated no one in a drag. Not my fault you brought your little sister's bigwheel to a man's race. Brian looking at Dominic like he's crazy. So is Pete.
61) 10) dialog: No, it's not. I haven't taken delivery.
63) 1) text: Dominic and Brian exit a goofy yellow taxi.
64) 0) text: Shabby old furniture with a few electronic luxuries. A great sound system. Leon, Jesse, Vince and Letty split a pack and play a racing video game. Dominic enters with Brian. Shuts off the TV.
64) 1) dialog: You guys are real worried. Vince tosses Dominic a beer. He passes it to Brian. The team REACTS.
64) 3) dialog: He's cool. Didn't see you looking for me.
64) 5) dialog: Came in from every direction. They had undercovers watching us. Brian just sips his beer. Dominic hops on the couch.
64) 6) dialog: Vee, a beer. Vince tosses him another beer. Letty pats the empty cushi next to her, smiles at Brian.
64) 8) dialog: Homeboy stymied the cops. It was artistic. This cat is sick. Brian smiles. (CONTINUED)
64) 10) dialog: Then he rolls us to Long Beach, pissing off the locals. They put his ride out of it's misery with a Mac, whole damn clip. Then Sneaky Pete had a Vietnamese Barbecue. That car blew apart like the space shuttle. Shocked looks are traded. Jesse grabs his head in horror.
64) 13) dialog: C'mon, Vee. They designed our cars and invented ramen. Vince rolls his eyes. Plays the crash compilation video. Dominic turns to Brian with a grin.
64) 14) dialog: You owe me a ten second car. Brian REACTS. Vince flashes him a wary look.
67) 0) text: Dominic and Jesse work on a VW bug in the shade of the trees. A speaker THUMPS a baseline. Brian pulls up in the 240SX. He gets out and crosses to the bug.
67) 5) dialog: You gonna tow it or push it across the finish? Unfazed, Brian pops the hood. Motions for Jesse to take a look. Jesse does, likes what he sees.
67) 7) dialog: Good find, man.
67) 9) dialog: Put it on my tab at Harry's. Race Wars is coming up.. Heard of that? Brian shakes his head: no.
67) 10) dialog: It's something to see, Brian. I want you to roll out there with us. Gonna make money off your ass. You'll make twice back what I loan you racing suckers. No shortage of them. (a beat) Then, if you're down, I'll race,you again. We'll go double or nothing.
68) 0) text: Dominic opens the door and light spills in. Brian standin next him. Racks of tools cover the walls of tools. Lathes and drill presses gleam, the machines old but well maintained.
68) 1) dialog: My tools are your tools. Brian looks at Dominic and smiles in gratitude.
69) 1) text: Hard work in the Toretto garage, Dominic, Brian and Jesse are winching the engine out of the 240SX. Brian just told punchline, their LAUGHTER is heard over their MUSIC.
70) 6) dialog: C'mon, Jesse. Eat. Jesse snaps the laptop shut and grabs a plate. They tear hunks of bread from big loaves. Bowls of sauce, pasta and salad are passed around the table. Mia looks at the oilstains on Dominic's glass. .
70) 8) dialog: This is my warpaint. Mia sits across from Brian. Watches everyone shove food into their faces.
70) 10) dialog: Best little girl in the world.
71) 0) text: Dominic and Brian walk across the front yard.
71) 1) dialog: How you getting home?
71) 5) dialog: Wanna ride? cut TO:
72) 2) dialog: Trust me.
73) 0) text: Somewhere in San Pedro. Oil wells in B.G. suck crude like steel sandbirds. Dominic solemnly unlocks a padlock. Pull the garage door open. He gestures for Brian to enter the dark warehouse. Brian does, hesitatingly.
74) 0) text: Pitch black. Florescents flicker on. Revealing a shrine t Doug Toretto. Racing pennants, pictures, trophies. Flamesuits, helmets. And in the middle, a covered car. Dominic pulls off the cover. Revealing a '90 Buick Regal. This is one bad car, not the prettiest, the baddest. Dominic opens the hood, exposing the awesome engine.
74) 1) dialog: Me and my dad built her. Nine hundred horses. A beast. Know what she ran in Paimdale? Brian shakes his head: no.
74) 2) dialog: Nine seconds flat. My dad was driving. So much damn torque, ghassis twisted coming off the line. Old man barely kept her on the track,
74) 4) dialog: Never driven her. Scares the shit out of me. Guess I don't have my pop's balis.
74) 7) dialog: He died doing what he loved. Quit pipefitting at the Navy Yard and hit the pro stock car circuit. He was coming up. Last race of the season, I just turned eighteen. Ken Jorgenson, this old salt he was beating, came up from inside the final turn and clipped his bumper. Put him into the wall at a hundred twenty. PUSH IN ON -- Dominic's pained eyes.
74) 11) dialog: Week later I ran into Jorgenson at the Pomona Raceway. I wailed on him with a wrench until I couldn't lift my arms. Almost killed him. Dominic takes the clipping, hangs it up.
74) 12) dialog: I was wrong as hell, it was just an accident. . Dominic squats before the car, contemplating it, suddenly seeming old and weary.
74) 13) dialog: I live my life a quarter mile at a time, Brian. For those few seconds, man... It's just me and my ride and a little road. Nothing else matters. The mortgage, that loser sandwich shop, my team and all their bullshit. For those few seconds, I'm free. (CONTINUED)
74) 14) text: 84 85 86 87 88 Blue Revision 05/05/2000 46. CONTINUED: (2) ‘ 84 Dominic stands, embarrassed by his show of sentiment. He looks at Brian. It's okay, Brian's eyes are sympathetic. The warmth of friendship binds them.
81) 3) dialog: Brian, this is one of those times where you need to be very clear about what you say. Nobody's hurt yet. Okay?
81) 7) dialog: --Shut up. Why are you here?
81) 9) dialog: Gonna distort the fuel curve but if they go plus fifty on the pulse width, it'll pop the injectors open quicker.
81) 11) dialog: I like to know who I kick it with. (to Vince) Vee, put the gage up. Vince lowers the shotgun. Glares at Brian.
81) 13) dialog: You gonna check out everyone's shit?
82) 1) text: 96 97 98 Blue Revision 05/05/2000 50. CONTINUED: ‘ 96 Jesse's bug glides to the curb across the street without lights. Three FIGURES get out and move into shadow. Brian Dominic and Vince eye the building. A formidable structur Brian notes a fire escape on the adjacent building. Point it out to his companions. They run across the street. Up the FIRE ESCAPE.
84) 9) dialog: What, Jesse?
86) 1) dialog: They're coming. Dominic shuts his cell, eyes wild. Brian freezes, looks u at the impossibly high skylight. The sound of MOTORCYCLES The three lock eyes. Dominic runs toward a car lift, he slides into the deep s underneath, his boots SPLASHING into ankle deep oil. Bria follows, stopping when he sees a tall stack of-- VCRs IN THEIR BOXES Hidden behind a row of tires. Dominic stands in the sump, under the car dh the lift, hi .38 ready.
86) 2) dialog: Where the hell are you? Brian frantically copies VCR serial numbers onto his arm. The garage door begins rising. (CONTINUED)
86) 5) dialog: (hisses) Brian? Brian dives into the sump. SPLASH! -- As the lights come on. He pulls down his sleeve to hide the writing on his arm.
86) 9) dialog: Peer over the edge of the sump, their eyes at floor level Both ankle deep in oil. Brian hates what he is witnessing
86) 17) dialog: Do the same.
87) 0) text: The alley behind it. Vince drops from a high window. Then Dominic and Brian, they look around, take off running. Toward Jesse's waiting VW at the end of the alley. . Cur TO:
91) 0) text: A hot day. Brian, Dominic, Jesse, Leon and even Vince str Brian's 240SX, tearing out everything. Seats, windows, trim, carpet. Everything goes.
92) 0) text: The Nissan has been stripped to the unibody frame. Chains and blocks attached to it. Brian, Dominic, Vince and Leon use winches and sledgehammers to straighten it. Their shirts are off, the sweat pours. Jesse uses his watchful eyes and lasers and reflectors to guide them.
92) 3) dialog: You break her heart, I'll break your balls.
101) 12) dialog: 
108) 4) dialog: Jeez, Harry, he'll be back. Hurry up, Brian. Toretto pops back out. Brian drops the envelope in the outgoing mail box. Gives Harry a smile and exits. cur TO:
109) 2) dialog: Okay... Standby... Go! Brian stomps the gas. Clutch up. The car takes off.
109) 3) dialog: Shift! Double clutch! Shift! Shift! (CONTINUED)
109) 6) dialog: Floor it! Wind her out! The engine nearing redline, SCREAMING in protest.
109) 7) dialog: Brake! Brake! Stomp the damn brakes! Brian does. The car swerving wildly as it bleeds off spee The anti-lock brakes JACKHAMMERING. Brian barely keeps it on the road. Dominic looking at Brian.
109) 8) dialog: Drive hard. Smash the throttle like a bug. Kick the clutch in. Shift hard. Use force. Pimp slaps.
109) 10) dialog: Like that. Brian gives him a look. Dominic smiles. Then Brian smiles They stop at a red light. Brian's BEEPER goes off, he ignores it. EXT. PACIFIC COAST HIGHWAY - DAY 149Aa B red Lamborghini Diablo GT pulls alongside them. It's vanity plate reads: @ THE BIZ Dominic looks at the TALENT AGENT behind the wheel, the gorgeous ELITE MODEL riding shotgun.
109) 11) dialog: Nice car. What it cost? The Agent eyes Dominic like a bug. Dominic just grins bac
109) 13) dialog: Hit it. (CONTINUED)
110) 0) text: Man, this car is fast. Easily the victor, Brian eases off the throttle. He and Dominic tap fists.
110) 1) dialog: Homeboy got jipped EXT. NEPTUNE'S NET - DAY 149¢ Brian pulls up to the funky restaurant. There are SURFER DUDES and CHICKS. BIKERS and their BABES. Dominic and Brian exit the car. Brian's BEEPER goes off again. Domini thrusts his cellphone at Brian.
110) 2) dialog: Get your page. Brian's heart pounds as he takes the phone and dials--
112) 4) dialog: L.A. number.
113) 2) dialog: Who's this?
113) 4) dialog: I'm me, That's who it is. What are you to Brian? Tanner REACTS, realizes who he is talking to.
113) 6) dialog: Yeah, I'll tell hin.
113) 7) text: Staying with Dominic -- He SNAPS shut his cell.
113) 9) dialog: Least you can do is have dinner with your Uncle. Dominic's paranoia abates. Brian is relieved. Dominic pulls a toy race car from his pocket. Hands it to Brian. Brian notes driving instructions written on it. 1 (CONTINUED)
113) 14) dialog: Your invitation to Race Wars. Brian grins and they enter the restaurant.
118) 0) text: Brian holds the toy car Dominic gave him. Ahead a lonely intersection quarters the desert.
124) 0) text: Dominic shakes his head sadly at Jesse's loss. Then Mia a his team REACT.
124) 5) dialog: Dammit. It's a problem he didn't need. He watches Pete pulls up a get out of his Mustang. And-is quickly joined on foot by Lance and a dozen surly Long Beach Viets.
124) 7) dialog: To the car wash or something. You'll get the car. We're not shysters. Just be cool. Pete looks at Dominic, scowls. His team menaces closer. Vince looks ready to chew Lance's head off. Leon, Letty even Mia, are ready to scrap. A crowd gathering.
124) 9) text: Blue Revision 05/05/2000 . 75. 16SA CONTINUED: ‘ 165A Dominic REACTS. And despite himself, Brian too.
124) 10) dialog: Bullshit. I never dropped a dime on no one. I'm not down with the Man. Pete points at Brian accusingly. PETE . Bullshit. Your blue eyed butt boy is the Man. The team out there jacking trucks, I bet it's your team. Don't even think you're putting your sins on me. I'm sick of you messing with my team. It's stopping. Now. --CRACK! Dominic nails Pete on the tip of his jaw. Pete throws a combo, landing one on Dominic's forehead. Now Dominic really goes nuts, savaging Pete with a vicious series of blows. Vince and Lance punch each other. Pete's Crew surges forward-- -~Brian swings at two Vietnamese who rush him. Letty stan her ground, throwing solid punches. As does Leon. Mia clotheslines a Vietnamese guy running at Dominic with a screwdriver. He goes down on his back, the screwdriver is suddenly seized from his hand as several sequoia-sized SAMOAN SECURITY GUARDS wade into the fracas, separating t - combatants.
126) 0) text: Brian is surprised to arrive to find no one about. He begins searching the bags and equipment. His experienced hands work quickly. Then he finds it -- A speargun tip. Brian stares at the damning evidence in his hand. He sags visibly as he realizes Dominic's team are the hijackers. CUT To:
127) 1) text: Mia and Dominic have a heated argument. Letty and Leon si in Letty's Eclipse. Vince waits in Dominic's RX7. Mia clearly doesn't want Dominic to leave. She grabs his arm He jerks away, gets in his car.
129) 6) dialog: It's perfect. Two thousand people saw us tonight. .
132) 0) text: --Dominic drives, Next to him is Vince, both wear earpieces. The mood serious, professional.
132) 1) dialog: We're a car short so Letty, you got right side. Leon, keep on the scanners, Man wants us bad. We cool?
132) 9) dialog: You cool, Vee? A beat.
138) 2) dialog: Big honker.
140) 0) text: The Driver REACTS. SEES the Civics on either side. Dominic's Civic pulls in front. Vince stands up through t sunroof in a gasmask, aiming the speargun.
141) 7) dialog: (filtered) No way. That thing jackknifes, you're all dead.
141) 24) dialog: You okay Smurfette?
141) 26) dialog: Get her.
141) 38) dialog: That's all she's got. I need a ride. Leon, with Letty already on board, SEES Dominic's disable Civic up a ahead rolling to a stop up a ahead. SCREECH! H slams on the brakes to pick up Dominic. 204 205 206 207 208 209 Blue Revision 05/05/2000 86.
143) 0) text: Brian gently lays Vince on the street. Kneels over him. Vince is pretty torn up. The cable has mutilated his righ forearm. He has bad road rashes. The black Civic comes to stop near them and Dominic is out like a shot. Brian does first aid assessment, all business.
143) 1) dialog: You know what you're doing? °
143) 3) text: 212 Blue Revision 05/05/2000 88. CONTINUED: ‘ 212 Dominic gets ready to blow air in Vince's lungs. Brian ca see he has had training.
143) 4) dialog: Vee, I'm kicking your ass if you die. They. administer CPR for a long beat. Mia gets out of the car and watches Brian, struck by how earnest he is. | After a set of chest thrusts, Brian checks for a pulse. T his great relief, he finds one.
143) 6) dialog: He's breathing, Dominic's relief is clear. He looks at Brian.
146) 2) text: The black Civic with Dominic, Leon and Letty inside is hightailing it out of there.
148) 2) text: Dominic exiting the front door with a shotgun.
148) 5) dialog: I didn't run from you. I had to find Jesse. Pete Tran's got him. I knew this shit would happen. You gonna shoot me, cop? Dominic is desperate, anxious. Brian lowers his pistol.
148) 7) dialog: Want his blood on your hands? You know Pete's a twisted freak. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
148) 9) dialog: He hears a siren or sees any more SWAT ninjas, he's blowing Jesse's head off. He's a kid, man. He's like family.
148) 11) dialog: I gotta do something, Brian. I'm all he's got. Brian bites his lip, thinks a beat. Then:
149) 0) text: In San Pedro near the Los Angeles Harbor facilities. Dominic's Buick pulls behind a warehouse. Brian's 240SX stops alongside it.
149) 3) dialog: Stay in the car. She does, very reluctantly. Dominic points the way. He and Brian cross to some dumpsters. Checking weapons. Dominic fumbles with the shotgun's action. (CONTINUED)
149) 6) dialog: The guy who moves my shit, that's where he keeps everything.
149) 8) dialog: Guess you only look dumb. Brian is observing the area with his trained eyes.
151) 0) text: Daylight pours into the dark warehouse from the partly op door. Brian charges inside, then Dominic. Brian dives behind a row of pallets. Followed by Dominic. They lay flat on the concrete floor, panting.
151) 1) text: To get a look at this place. It's full of the latest stuf everyone wants. Motorcycles. Big Screen TVs. Luxury cars and parts. VCRs and DVD players. Brian and Dominic take i the panorama before them. Not a soul in sight, except for
151) 6) dialog: Trade incensed looks. Dominic points at:
151) 13) dialog: Still several yards from the crane controls. Trapped. BAM BAM-BAM-BAM-BAM~BAM! He fires Brian's pistol uselessly at the shadows. CLICK -- It's empty. (CONTINUED)
151) 24) dialog: SEES a motorcycle helmet.. He SEES the Suburban is maybe feet off the floor. Time to act. He grabs the helmet, stands and runs toward the Suburban, helmet under his arm like a football. Aiming the empty gun in Pete's direction
151) 25) dialog: It's me Pete! Want me? Get me! C'mon, Pete!
151) 28) dialog: Dives for the Suburban... Tosses' the helmet under the ax
151) 44) text: Dominic's Buick disappears around a corner.
152) 0) text: Brian burns up the road. Dominic nowhere in sight. Brian' cell RINGS.
152) 6) dialog: We used to drag here when in high school. Streets're laid out all precise. That light up there...
152) 8) dialog: Is exactly one quarter mile from here.
152) 10) dialog: When that light turns green, I'm going for it. I'm beating that train.
152) 12) dialog: All I see here is you, (a beat) I only lost one race in my life. My first. My old man beat me bloody that night. Never lost a race since. Swear to God. Brian looks at Dominic, these two are way beyond bullshitting each other.
152) 19) dialog: I'm going.
152) 21) dialog: Freedom. Brian gives him a nod. Then two hands grab shifters -- 1s gear. Two feet on clutch pedals.
154) 0) text: Dominic can FEEL Brian right behind. Dominic is in the zo too as he slips the Buick into FOURTH GEAR.
157) 4) dialog: Make eye contact. And within the molasses of time that th both occupy now, Dominic says goodbye. AND SLAMS IT IN STH .