34) 0) text: This is what it's all about; cruising. LA's tribes brough together by their cars. Chicanos, Asians, Whiteboys, Blacks. Brian is in a slow moving line of awesome cars. L riders. Plush Humvees. Pimp Daddy Mercedes and Beemers. And of course, street racers in a rainbow of intense colo Brian passes a parked lowrider, brimming with hot GIRLS a two HOMIES play videogames on a built-in console. Brian gets lots of smiles from the chicas. As a dozen different BASSLINES thump. Brian pulls into a huge parking lot where racers gather. His green Supra gets lots of stares and nods. Brian parks, gets out of the car, sits on the hood. HECTOR SILVA approaches him. Shaved head, a tattoo on his neck. Built like a fireplug. He checks out the Supra.
34) 1) dialog: Sweet ride. Big ass intercooler. What'cha running under there? Brian gives Hector a look. Nice try. Hector smiles.
34) 2) dialog: Gotta find out the hard way, huh? Brian nods: yes. They tap fists.
34) 3) dialog: Hector.
34) 5) dialog: Quarter mile. Thousand bones. (CONTINUED)
34) 9) dialog: Why you out here then?
34) 11) dialog: Get in line, and know that homeboy won't race for less than your car.
34) 13) dialog: Danny Yamato's, goes light speed. He's the cat with the fine-ass hottie. Bruthas be running a supercharged 327. Old school Chevys're more played out than Stairway to Heaven. Sadness. (eyeing the Supra) Maybe you got it. Luck, dude. Hector crosses back to his Z. Brian has his eyes on the Japanese. DANNY YAMATO, the boss, looks sharp in a knit Versace shirt, his arm draped around his exquisite GIRLFRIEND. An approaching engine GROWLS ferociously. Heads swivel, finding:
42) 0) text: A handmade interior with an experimental feel. Dominic pu in tiny earphones. CLICKS play on the MP3 player in his pocket. MUSIC blasts in his ears. He checks his computer. Hits some buttons. Gives Hector a nod. Cool.
43) 0) text: Hector slowly raises both arms.
49) 0) text: A laser beam shoots from curb to curb, a timing device. Hector's homeboy videotapes the approaching cars. Yards to go. Dominic seems to will his car forward, squeezing out every last horse. ° It's close. 149MPH. Dominic takes the lead. By a hair. Dominic's front bumper breaks the laser beam. He wins. Brian lags by a few thousandths of a second. Several car lengths behind, Edwin crosses the line, then Danny a split second later. 58 59 Blue Revision 05/05/2000 27.
51) 0) text: The racers slow, do U-Turns and return to the finish. The cars, tires are hot.. Brian's Supra smokes. SPECTATORS rush forward. The three Racers. get out of the cars. Hector pulls up in his Integra. Gets out. Hands the titles to Dominic. Who casually folds them, tucks them in pocket, never expecting any other outcome. Dominic SEES Brian leaning against the Supra. Grinning li an idiot, high on adrenaline and danger.
51) 9) dialog: Cops! Cops! Cops! SPECTATORS scramble as SHOUTS echo the warning. Approachi SIRENS 0.S. Dominic dives in his RX7. Shouts to his fello racers:
76) 0) text: Brian tends the counter. Hector Silva enters with six tou ripped and tatted HOMEBOYS. Through the window, six more can be seen watching the cars.
76) 2) dialog: Hey, loco. Glad we didn't race. I'd be out some lunch money. Got hectic when the cops swooped, huh? How's Dominic treating your Supra?
76) 4) dialog: Hook me up. Want four of everything-- Watcha, Beto. Pasa la feria pa'ca. BETO pulls a thick stack of twenties from his baggy Dicki Slaps it on the counter. Brian looking at it.