17) 28) dialog: Check it out, Vee. See this hole and peak? That's why your unloading in third. I lengthen injector pulse another millisec, tune the nos timer and you'll bust ten. Watch, I'll ask Harry. Vince SEES that it isn't Harry talking to Mia.
19) 2) dialog: If he's driving that truck, Harry's got him sweeping floors or something.
19) 4) dialog: Kick his ass. The look Vince gives Jesse says, "Good idea."
25) 14) dialog: You gotta earn the right to race the Dominator. . Brian SNARLS. Spooking Jesse.
30) 0) text: Set up in an ornately tasteless bedroom. On the wall a photo chart is labeled: ILLEGAL RACING TEAMS There's black teams, Asian teams, Chicano teams. Names an faces we will see again. And there's a mugshot of DOMINIC, photos of VINCE, JESSE, LETTY and LEON, and even Mia, her photo obviously taken f quite a distance. There are charts and graphs, teacher comments from preschool, this is scientific crimefighting its best. Tanner and MUSE, a young plainclothes, sit befo the boss' desk.
34) 25) dialog: Can't just climb in the ring with Holyfield ‘cause you think you box.
34) 28) dialog: Let's see how they do it in Arizona. Who built it? (CONTINUED)
34) 31) dialog: One point eight bar of boost. Twin turbo, nitrous, eight fifty CC injectors, Greddy exhaust. HKS intercooler and megaflow. Racing wastegate. Type R blowoff. You know it's ported and polished with HKS cams. Lotta R and D in there. 600 plus horses at the wheels. You wish you buiit this. I wish I built this. Dominic silences Jesse with a look. Dominic, pokerfaced, measures Brian with piercing eyes. Then:
36) 3) text: vince's Civic driving alongside. Jesse and Vince staring.
64) 0) text: Shabby old furniture with a few electronic luxuries. A great sound system. Leon, Jesse, Vince and Letty split a pack and play a racing video game. Dominic enters with Brian. Shuts off the TV.
64) 11) dialog: Noooo. That's wrong. That's so wrong.
67) 0) text: Dominic and Jesse work on a VW bug in the shade of the trees. A speaker THUMPS a baseline. Brian pulls up in the 240SX. He gets out and crosses to the bug.
67) 4) dialog: Dude, that's a ten minute car.
67) 6) dialog: Omigod. A Skyline motor. Jesse grins at the rare find, digs in the engine. Love at first sight. Dominic sees for himself and smiles.
67) 8) dialog: This will decimate all. (a beat) After you put fifteen grand in it. More if we have to overnight parts from Japan. Brian REACTS, he doesn't have the cash,
67) 11) dialog: Den't do it. Brian is hooked, he taps fists with Dominic.
67) 15) dialog: I'll give you a parts list. The special order stuff you have to get on now.
69) 1) text: Hard work in the Toretto garage, Dominic, Brian and Jesse are winching the engine out of the 240SX. Brian just told punchline, their LAUGHTER is heard over their MUSIC.
70) 0) text: Jesse working on his laptop. Brian sits next to him, fascinated, both are filthy, tired.
70) 1) dialog: Koni adjustables save us two pounds and give us better holeshot. Mia sets down a huge pot of spaghetti sauce. NOISE at the front door. Dominic instinctively puts a hand on his gun. But it's just Vince, Letty and Leon. They enter noisily a take seats around the table. .
82) 1) text: 96 97 98 Blue Revision 05/05/2000 50. CONTINUED: ‘ 96 Jesse's bug glides to the curb across the street without lights. Three FIGURES get out and move into shadow. Brian Dominic and Vince eye the building. A formidable structur Brian notes a fire escape on the adjacent building. Point it out to his companions. They run across the street. Up the FIRE ESCAPE.
85) 0) text: Jesse is slumped in his seat, terrified. Watching the Vie Long Beach Team return to the garage en masse. There's a dozen Hurricanes, several cars -- Pete's Mustang.
85) 1) dialog: (into phone) They're coming.
87) 0) text: The alley behind it. Vince drops from a high window. Then Dominic and Brian, they look around, take off running. Toward Jesse's waiting VW at the end of the alley. . Cur TO:
91) 0) text: A hot day. Brian, Dominic, Jesse, Leon and even Vince str Brian's 240SX, tearing out everything. Seats, windows, trim, carpet. Everything goes.
92) 0) text: The Nissan has been stripped to the unibody frame. Chains and blocks attached to it. Brian, Dominic, Vince and Leon use winches and sledgehammers to straighten it. Their shirts are off, the sweat pours. Jesse uses his watchful eyes and lasers and reflectors to guide them.
92) 2) dialog: Okay! There! Perfect! They stop laboring. Brian notices Mia, they trade lingeri smiles. Dominic notices and crosses to Brian. He nods for Brian to go ahead.
122) 1) text: Brian, walking through the cars. He SEES Jesse's VW waiti in line to race. He crosses to Jesse and leans in his window. They tap fists.
122) 3) dialog: Wish me luck. Brian sees worry on Jesse's face.
122) 6) dialog: I'm racing for cars.
122) 8) dialog: ’ No, lookit, I'll win this fool's car, then me and my pops can roll together when he gets out of prison.
123) 0) text: Time displays are reset to zero. A stoplight between the lanes glows red. The light turns yellow. The two drivers tense with anticipation. Jesse grabs the shifter. Pushes in the clutch, trades looks with Pete. The light turns green... VROOM! Tires spin as the VW and Mustang launch like missiles. Jesse's head is thrown back, he pulls ahead for an early lead. Then Pete closes the gap until they are dead even. They burn through the gears. Jesse gives Pete the finger and hits the nitrous. He shoo ahead several lengths. Pete isn't worried.
124) 0) text: Dominic shakes his head sadly at Jesse's loss. Then Mia a his team REACT.
151) 2) dialog: Bound and gagged. Eyes brimming with agony and dread. Because he is chained to the undercarriage of: (CONTINUED)
151) 16) dialog: Stares at the cement floor a couple feet from his face.