20) 0) text: An iridescent blue Celica GT and a magenta Eclipse, with subtle yet trippy flower graphics, park across the street From the Celica emerges LEON, tall, half black, cocky. LETTY, exits her Eclipse, a cute young latina who gets he thrills from racing. They lean against their cars and tra knowing looks.
20) 2) dialog: . (deadpans) ° Shoot him.
25) 0) text: Brian grinds his Sketcher on Vince's neck. Leon and Letty come running to Vince's aid. Dominic explodes from the sh --charges Brian and pistolwhips him. CRACK! Brian drops t the ground. Stunned, seeing stars. Blood trickles from behind his ear. Vince straggles to his feet.
30) 0) text: Set up in an ornately tasteless bedroom. On the wall a photo chart is labeled: ILLEGAL RACING TEAMS There's black teams, Asian teams, Chicano teams. Names an faces we will see again. And there's a mugshot of DOMINIC, photos of VINCE, JESSE, LETTY and LEON, and even Mia, her photo obviously taken f quite a distance. There are charts and graphs, teacher comments from preschool, this is scientific crimefighting its best. Tanner and MUSE, a young plainclothes, sit befo the boss' desk.
64) 0) text: Shabby old furniture with a few electronic luxuries. A great sound system. Leon, Jesse, Vince and Letty split a pack and play a racing video game. Dominic enters with Brian. Shuts off the TV.
69) 0) text: Vince, Letty and Leon walk past the house to the garage i back. Vince, carrying a 12 pack, stops in his tracks.
69) 4) dialog: We got nowhere else to go. He's cool.
69) 11) dialog: I know you will, Letty. Letty shoots him a look.
91) 0) text: A hot day. Brian, Dominic, Jesse, Leon and even Vince str Brian's 240SX, tearing out everything. Seats, windows, trim, carpet. Everything goes.
92) 0) text: The Nissan has been stripped to the unibody frame. Chains and blocks attached to it. Brian, Dominic, Vince and Leon use winches and sledgehammers to straighten it. Their shirts are off, the sweat pours. Jesse uses his watchful eyes and lasers and reflectors to guide them.
127) 1) text: Mia and Dominic have a heated argument. Letty and Leon si in Letty's Eclipse. Vince waits in Dominic's RX7. Mia clearly doesn't want Dominic to leave. She grabs his arm He jerks away, gets in his car.
129) 4) dialog: Don't like doing this without Jesse. Vince screws a tip onto a speargun.
132) 4) dialog: He adjust the police scanners in the dash.
132) 5) dialog: I'm cool.
146) 2) text: The black Civic with Dominic, Leon and Letty inside is hightailing it out of there.