20) 0) text: An iridescent blue Celica GT and a magenta Eclipse, with subtle yet trippy flower graphics, park across the street From the Celica emerges LEON, tall, half black, cocky. LETTY, exits her Eclipse, a cute young latina who gets he thrills from racing. They lean against their cars and tra knowing looks.
20) 1) dialog: What would you do if Vee wanted to get down with you?
25) 0) text: Brian grinds his Sketcher on Vince's neck. Leon and Letty come running to Vince's aid. Dominic explodes from the sh --charges Brian and pistolwhips him. CRACK! Brian drops t the ground. Stunned, seeing stars. Blood trickles from behind his ear. Vince straggles to his feet.
30) 0) text: Set up in an ornately tasteless bedroom. On the wall a photo chart is labeled: ILLEGAL RACING TEAMS There's black teams, Asian teams, Chicano teams. Names an faces we will see again. And there's a mugshot of DOMINIC, photos of VINCE, JESSE, LETTY and LEON, and even Mia, her photo obviously taken f quite a distance. There are charts and graphs, teacher comments from preschool, this is scientific crimefighting its best. Tanner and MUSE, a young plainclothes, sit befo the boss' desk.
34) 33) dialog: Thing's go bad for you, I can givé you a ride home.
34) 35) dialog: Mine's not. She smiles. Brian smiles, gets in his car. Mia, hitching ride with Leon, stares daggers at Letty. Dominic, getting into his Mazda, doesn't miss the drama. curt TO:
64) 0) text: Shabby old furniture with a few electronic luxuries. A great sound system. Leon, Jesse, Vince and Letty split a pack and play a racing video game. Dominic enters with Brian. Shuts off the TV.
64) 7) dialog: You can sit here. She beams as Brian crosses and sits by her,”
64) 15) text: Unseen to everyone, Mia stands at the bottom of the stair She SEES a smiling Brian sitting next to a thrilled Letty Mia unhappily turns and climbs the steps.
69) 0) text: Vince, Letty and Leon walk past the house to the garage i back. Vince, carrying a 12 pack, stops in his tracks.
69) 8) dialog: Shut up, Vince. Don't start shooting people. He's just tripping on being in LA. He don't know what it's about yet.
69) 10) dialog: Mia won't kick down... I will.
127) 1) text: Mia and Dominic have a heated argument. Letty and Leon si in Letty's Eclipse. Vince waits in Dominic's RX7. Mia clearly doesn't want Dominic to leave. She grabs his arm He jerks away, gets in his car.
132) 2) dialog: Her gameface on. Tightening her four point harness.
132) 3) dialog: I'm cool.
141) 13) dialog: Boss, we got bad company. Pete zips alongside Dominic, who's Civic is.ebumper to bu with the Tandem Rig.
141) 19) dialog: She sees Lance getting in position to shoot out her tire.
141) 20) dialog: Oh, no you ain't... Letty stomps the BRAKE, whips the wheel. Her car spins.
141) 25) dialog: Yeah, I'm fine.
142) 0) text: Brian and Mia drive past Lance's burning Hurricane and Letty's demolished Civic.
146) 2) text: The black Civic with Dominic, Leon and Letty inside is hightailing it out of there.