13) 1) text: 18 19 20 Blue Revision 05/05/2000 6. CONTINUED: ‘ 18 Frustrated, Brian sighs, sits in silence a beat. This car scares him and that passes him off. He checks his watch.
26) 0) text: Harry devouring a fresh sandwich as Brian ices his head. Harry is delighted Brian got his comeuppance. (CONTINUED)
46) 0) text: Passing 119MPH. A scary RATTLING. Brian pulis alongside Dominic's RX7. The world outside a blur. The wind WHISTLE into the car. The gages mounted on the window pillar pop off. More smoke. Wires in the dash short -- SPARKS. Two bolts POP off the floor plating. Hit the roof by Brian's head. He keeps going. Impending disaster.
70) 0) text: Jesse working on his laptop. Brian sits next to him, fascinated, both are filthy, tired.
76) 0) text: Brian tends the counter. Hector Silva enters with six tou ripped and tatted HOMEBOYS. Through the window, six more can be seen watching the cars.
86) 13) dialog: They're in my warehouse. Pete fingers the card, smiles. The danger has passed.
89) 0) text: Brian sits in the corner typing, he hasn't cleaned up fro the prior evening. Tanner enters. Shows Brian a mugshot o TED HENDERSON.
100) 0) text: Brian's 240SX is painted primer gray. Now the work can begin in earnest.
107) 0) text: Solidly middle class, nicely decorated. Pete sits at the dinner table with his MOTHER, FATHER, his teenage SISTER. Two older AUNTS and their HUSBANDS. WHAM! The front door is kicked open. The BOOM of a flashbang. Brian runs in with a shotgun, scary as hell with the blac mask. He kicks Pete out of his chair. Drops a knee on his neck and shoves the shotgun under his chin. Muse, Tanner and Bilkins follow, aiming weapons at Pete's terrified family. His Mother and Aunts SCREAM.
127) 1) text: Mia and Dominic have a heated argument. Letty and Leon si in Letty's Eclipse. Vince waits in Dominic's RX7. Mia clearly doesn't want Dominic to leave. She grabs his arm He jerks away, gets in his car.
143) 0) text: Brian gently lays Vince on the street. Kneels over him. Vince is pretty torn up. The cable has mutilated his righ forearm. He has bad road rashes. The black Civic comes to stop near them and Dominic is out like a shot. Brian does first aid assessment, all business.
151) 7) text: Mounted to the far wall of the warehouse. A perilously exposed stretch of open floor leads to it.