17) 29) dialog: That ain't Harry.
18) 3) text: Make sure you have good shoes. It's a long walk back to Arizona. Then she SEES Vince watching and becomes serious. Brian notes the change, follows her eyeline to the yellow Civic outside and REACTS. Mia hands him a takeout bag.
19) 0) text: Vince didn't like seeing that.
19) 1) dialog: Wassup with this fool? Prettyboy's in there thinking he's racking up numbers.
19) 3) dialog: Then he should know. Gotta be punished for his ignorance.
20) 11) dialog: I'm not your bro.
23) 0) text: Brian doesn't want to fight Vince.
23) 2) dialog: Don't tell me what to do. I ain't your bitch-- --WHAM! Brian nails him with an uppercut, CLACKING Vince' teeth together. Vince throws a strong series of punches. Brian blocks wha he can, takes the rest. Waiting for an opening, Brian kic Vince's groin, kicks his knee, and tosses him to the grou in one reactive blitz. INT. TORETTO'S LUNCH COUNTER - DAY 25a Mia hits the intercom again.
24) 3) text: Brian twisting Vince's arm like bubblegum, Vince in submission.
25) 0) text: Brian grinds his Sketcher on Vince's neck. Leon and Letty come running to Vince's aid. Dominic explodes from the sh --charges Brian and pistolwhips him. CRACK! Brian drops t the ground. Stunned, seeing stars. Blood trickles from behind his ear. Vince straggles to his feet.
30) 0) text: Set up in an ornately tasteless bedroom. On the wall a photo chart is labeled: ILLEGAL RACING TEAMS There's black teams, Asian teams, Chicano teams. Names an faces we will see again. And there's a mugshot of DOMINIC, photos of VINCE, JESSE, LETTY and LEON, and even Mia, her photo obviously taken f quite a distance. There are charts and graphs, teacher comments from preschool, this is scientific crimefighting its best. Tanner and MUSE, a young plainclothes, sit befo the boss' desk.
36) 3) text: vince's Civic driving alongside. Jesse and Vince staring.
51) 7) dialog: Here's your bus money. LAUGHS. The other teams, the spectators, watch Brian. Adlibs of "Punk," and "Fool." Never more the outsider tha now, Brian's anger boils, he knows he screwed up big. Watching Hector hand Dominic the titles. Suddenly from Hector's Nextel:
64) 0) text: Shabby old furniture with a few electronic luxuries. A great sound system. Leon, Jesse, Vince and Letty split a pack and play a racing video game. Dominic enters with Brian. Shuts off the TV.
64) 2) dialog: Why'd you bring the buster here?
64) 4) dialog: Cops almost got me. That shit was orchestrated.
64) 12) dialog: Goddamn gooks. They value nothing cause they got it all. Five hundred dollar shirts. Engine's worth thirty large. Dinks got all the best shit. (looks at Brian) You know they're crooked. They're scamsters. Pretending not to, Brian hangs on Vince's every word.
69) 0) text: Vince, Letty and Leon walk past the house to the garage i back. Vince, carrying a 12 pack, stops in his tracks.
69) 3) dialog: We're gone.
69) 5) dialog: He's not, Leon. He's on Dominic's ass like a fag in heat. He gets on mine, I'm putting a bullet in his head. (CONTINUED)
69) 9) dialog: You know he's trying to hook up with Mia. Fool's dying to hit it.
70) 3) dialog: What? I gotta eat.
81) 0) text: Brian furtively closes the door. Approaches the corner. A walks into a SHOTGUN-- --Held by Vince, not a homeboy.
81) 1) dialog: (whispers) I don't care if there's a dozen eses over there, I'll blow you in half. Vince knees him in the balls. Brian doubles over, trying not to moan aloud.
81) 2) dialog: You fight dirty. Like a cop. Move it. Vince presses the muzzle against Brian's ear, marches alo the building to an alley full of old tires, rusted muffle and body panels. Jesse waits in his VW with the engine running. A cigarette glows in the shadows. Out steps Dominic, revealing himself. His face cold, scary.
82) 1) text: 96 97 98 Blue Revision 05/05/2000 50. CONTINUED: ‘ 96 Jesse's bug glides to the curb across the street without lights. Three FIGURES get out and move into shadow. Brian Dominic and Vince eye the building. A formidable structur Brian notes a fire escape on the adjacent building. Point it out to his companions. They run across the street. Up the FIRE ESCAPE.
84) 5) dialog: We gotta jack some of this shit. Two racers are on hydraulic lifts. Brian crosses to one, aims his maglite up into the engine compartment. No engin (CONTINUED)
84) 8) dialog: Where the engines at? Brian wanders’ toward four small cars closely parked toge under the same tarp. They have Brian's full attention. Dominic's pocket CHIRPS, he pulls out his cell and checks the caller ID, angered by the distraction.
86) 16) dialog: Taking advantage of the noise and distraction to low craw to the bathroom.
87) 0) text: The alley behind it. Vince drops from a high window. Then Dominic and Brian, they look around, take off running. Toward Jesse's waiting VW at the end of the alley. . Cur TO:
91) 0) text: A hot day. Brian, Dominic, Jesse, Leon and even Vince str Brian's 240SX, tearing out everything. Seats, windows, trim, carpet. Everything goes.
92) 0) text: The Nissan has been stripped to the unibody frame. Chains and blocks attached to it. Brian, Dominic, Vince and Leon use winches and sledgehammers to straighten it. Their shirts are off, the sweat pours. Jesse uses his watchful eyes and lasers and reflectors to guide them.
127) 1) text: Mia and Dominic have a heated argument. Letty and Leon si in Letty's Eclipse. Vince waits in Dominic's RX7. Mia clearly doesn't want Dominic to leave. She grabs his arm He jerks away, gets in his car.
129) 5) dialog: This is sketchy with all the heat.
132) 0) text: --Dominic drives, Next to him is Vince, both wear earpieces. The mood serious, professional.
132) 10) dialog: I'm cool. cuT TO:
140) 0) text: The Driver REACTS. SEES the Civics on either side. Dominic's Civic pulls in front. Vince stands up through t sunroof in a gasmask, aiming the speargun.
141) 0) text: Vince reloads the speargun. Aims. Fires...
141) 6) dialog: I'm hit. Guy's got a boomer. Shoot this fucker,
141) 8) dialog: Get me off'a here, now! Dominic's Civic instantly drops back, ready to help...
141) 30) dialog: Unstraps the cable reel from his chest, wraps a turn of cable around his forearm and leans out forward fromthe grill. So he can leap onto the roof of:
141) 35) dialog: Is a tough costumer, he pulls himself out from under the truck. Now halfway up the grill.
141) 36) dialog: I'm okay. I'm okay. He's happily back on the grill.
141) 40) dialog: Falls under the cab.
142) 14) dialog: About to slide under large dual wheels-- Brian grabs Vince's belt with both hands. He pulls him in a bearhug.
143) 0) text: Brian gently lays Vince on the street. Kneels over him. Vince is pretty torn up. The cable has mutilated his righ forearm. He has bad road rashes. The black Civic comes to stop near them and Dominic is out like a shot. Brian does first aid assessment, all business.
143) 3) text: 212 Blue Revision 05/05/2000 88. CONTINUED: ‘ 212 Dominic gets ready to blow air in Vince's lungs. Brian ca see he has had training.
145) 0) text: Brian covers Vince with his body as debris swirl in the powerful chopper's rotorwash. it is a maelstrom of light and noise.
145) 1) text: The helicopter hovers over the freeway and lands. Instant two PARAMEDICS pop out and run TOWARDS CAMERA with aid pa and a trauma board. The Paramedics strap Vince to the board. Brian helps carr him to the waiting chopper.
146) 0) text: Vince is loaded into the back of the air ambulance. Brian and Mia pile in.