19) 6) dialog: Not yet, but I know the palace is down here. It has to be.
19) 8) dialog: This is the one, Lily. I’m going deeper.
19) 10) text: Trust me, I was rappelling into tombs before I could walk. I'ma pro. As he loosens the clamp, the rope slides free and Alex is sent plunging into the darkness. Lily reacts as Alex’s ro rapidly uncoils at her feet. She SHOUTS into the abyss.
19) 12) dialog: Alex scorches his palms as he desperately tries to reatta his harness to the rope. Finally, he pounds his fist into the head of the clamp, causing its teeth to lock back int place. As the rope jerks him to a stop, he instinctively snatches his glasses out of the air as they tumble free.
19) 14) dialog: I’m hanging in there. He pulls out a flare-stick and cracks it open. He holds i out as he slowly twists himself around and comes face to with a FEARSOME TERRA COTTA WARRIOR. Alex grins.
19) 15) dialog: Lily, radio Willoughby, tell him I found it.
20) 0) text: Time has turned the palace courtyard into a vast subterra vault. Warriors are lined shoulder to shoulder. Lily supervises a CHINESE CREW who are illuminating the giant space with torches. Alex waits for an OVERWEIGHT ENGLISHM in a white linen suit, who is awkwardly clambering off a ladder. This is SIR COLIN WILLOUGHBY.
20) 2) dialog: Thank you, Sir Colin. That means a great deal coming from you. Willoughby pulls a magnifying glass from his pocket and rudely brushes past Lily as he crosses to admire a warrio 10.
20) 8) dialog: Actually, Lily’s not my girlfriend. She’s a Ph.D. student at Shanghai University. I couldn’t have found this tomb without her help. Willoughby regards Lily, skeptical.
20) 12) dialog: But only full scholars take the oath, 11.
20) 14) dialog: Sir Colin, I don’t know what to say. That’s been my dream ever since I desecrated my first tomb. Before Alex can correct himself, Willoughby wraps him in sweaty bear hug.
20) 16) dialog: Alex O’Connell, Bembridge Scholar. Wait until my mum hears about this.
20) 18) dialog: Lily, I was wondering when we get back to Shanghai if maybe we could do something together, you know, that doesn’t involve digging holes or climbing down ropes.
20) 21) dialog: Of course, absolutely, good thinking. Wouldn’t want to blur the lines with all the work we’ve got ahead of us. OFF Alex masking his disappointment as she heads away...
20) 24) dialog: You have any idea what six of the Emperor’s personal bodyguards are doing in the middle of a formation of foot soldiers?
20) 26) dialog: They would never have left his side. Alex bends down, sweeps away some dirt, revealing a track like groove. He looks back at Lily and grins...
20) 27) dialog: You want to meet an Emperor? Alex steps between the first pair of warriors, puts his h on their chests and pushes them over. The statues slam in the ones behind them, knocking them over like bowling pin As the third pair topple, they lurch to a stop and a door GRINDS OPEN in the floor between the six statues. OFF Ale and Lily’s excitement...
21) 0) text: Four stone Chimera, mythical dragon-like tomb guardians, stand in the corners of the chamber as Alex leads Lily an Willoughby down the steps. The trio stares in awe at the Emperor’s ornate sarcophagus. It’s si i i rc . 13.
21) 7) dialog: Lily, we’re archaeologists. We don’t dig something up to leave it behind. We have to take it back and study it.
21) 9) dialog: In order to raise a mummy, you need the Book of the Dead. There’s only one copy and, trust me, it’s buried under the Sahara. 14. Alex turns away, studies the lid of the sarcophagus.
21) 10) dialog: This guy’s just terra cotta and bone. He couldn’t hurt a fly. As his hand brushes over the dragon insignia, Lily sees t stone Chimeras’ mouths snap open.
21) 14) dialog: You should meet my parents.
28) 42) dialog: Oh that. It was a gift from the British Consulate, apparently my discovery has been a big morale boost to everybody back home. (picking up bottle) Come on, one drink between friends before we hit the books. Lily smiles her agreement. With macho confidence, Alex tr to open the bottle, but struggles with the cork, finally puts the bottle between his knees.
28) 44) dialog: I’ve done this a thousand times. It’s all in the wrist. At that moment, the cork POPS and a geyser of champagne sprays over him, drenching his shirt. As he turns away, w see that Lily is clearly charmed by his awkwardness.
28) 45) dialog: Give me a minute. Alex steps behind a screen, takes off his shirt and looks a replacement. Lily sneaks a peep at his reflection in a mirror and clearly likes what she sees. There’s a LOUD KN at the door. Alex calls out...
28) 46) dialog: I’m busy, slip the telegrams under the door. Another LOUDER KNOCK.
28) 49) dialog: It’s probably just a mummy.
28) 51) dialog: (scary voice) -++ @ mummy! Mummy! Suddenly, the door bursts open and Evy stands on the threshold. He looks at her in wide-eyed shock.
28) 52) dialog: Mummy ! Alex puts down the lamp as Rick joins her. Evy stares in horror while Rick smiles, amused by the situation. 0’ CONNELL Hey, kiddo, get lost on your way to Yale? Alex looks at Evy, who is seething.
28) 53) dialog: Mum, you look upset.
28) 55) dialog: I can explain.
28) 57) dialog: Lily’s not a bar-girl.
28) 59) dialog: We were about to exchange valuable research, 0’ CONNELL T bet you were.
28) 62) dialog: Lily, wait. As she heads out, Alex turns to his parents, exasperated.
28) 63) dialog: Way to go guys, thanks. OQ’ CONNELL Let me get this straight. You lie to us and we’re supposed to feel bad about ruining your date?
28) 64) dialog: It wasn’t a -~ (catches himself) I didn’t tell you about the dig because I knew what you’d say. That you don’t want me running around a country on the brink of war. 0’ CONNELL Yeah, we're terrible parents holding you back like that.
28) 65) dialog: You parked me at Yale because you still think I’m a child. 0’ CONNELL We parked you at Yale so you’d live to see your next birthday. 31.
28) 66) dialog: For your information I tried to enlist. (off their shock) But they wouldn’t take me. Said I was 4F. Bad eyes. Flat feet.
28) 68) dialog: When Six Willoughby called and said I could be of service to my country, I jumped. (to Evy, excited) Mum, he’s going to make me a full Bembridge Scholar. 0’ CONNELL That doesn’t matter. But Evy’s face suddenly glows with pride.
28) 70) dialog: Sir Willoughby is throwing me a party at the British Consulate tomorrow night. . O’ CONNELL Evy, we’re supposed to be mad. United front, remember?
32) 0) text: Jonathan is in front while Alex is squeezed between Rick Evy in the back. They’re dressed up for the big party. Ri rolls his eyes as an ELDERLY BICYCLIST passes them. O’ CONNELL It would have been faster going by rickshaw. Evy shoots him a look.
32) 2) dialog: You got me a gift? Rick sheepishly nods, hands Alex a box. O’ CONNELL You know, in honor of your big discovery. Alex RATTLES it gleefully, looks at Evy.
32) 3) dialog: I bet it’s that new set of archaeological trowels I’ve had my eye on.
32) 5) dialog: Wow. A slingshot. 0’ CONNELL It’s the super-deluxe model. It’1l knock the head off a pigeon at 100 feet.
32) 6) text: Alex tries to let Rick down gently.
32) 7) dialog: Thanks, Dad, but I kind of hung up my slingshot when I was twelve. A MAN suddenly dashes in front of the Bentley. The Chauff slams on the brakes and jerks the car to a stop. Alex sli the slingshot into his pocket as TWO JAPANESE SOLDIERS ta the Man and drag him back to a LINE OF PEOPLE who have th arms up against a wall and are being held at gunpoint.
32) 10) dialog: Lily said they get packed into trains and sent off to work camps. A couple of her friends got picked up last week.
32) 12) dialog: Lily's a student and, for the hundredth time, we’re not dating. They see a JAPANESE SOLDIER club one of the resistance fighters and start beating him with a baton.
33) 1) dialog: Dad, get back in the car. Rick holds his ground until the beaten man looks at him. It’s Chang, the resistance fighter, from “Imhotep’s”.
34) 0) text: The landscaped compound sits behind 20-foot stone walls. Jonathan’s Bentley CRUNCHES to a stop in front of the Palladium-style Consulate. Rick, Evy, Alex and Jonathan s out. Rick is still rattled from the incident. 0’ CONNELL I still can’t believe we stood there and did nothing.
34) 1) dialog: Dad, if you’d done anything more, the Japanese would have us killed. They practically run Shanghai. 0’ CONNELL What about the British? Do they just throw fancy parties and pretend nothing’s happening?
35) 0) text: The Emperor's sarcophagus lies on the back of the horse-d chariot Alex discovered in the crypt. It’s being guarded THREE BRITISH SOLDIERS and sits under the room’s glass do A MILITARY BAND plays and the EXPAT CROWD is served by ELEGANT CHINESE HOSTESSES. As Rick, Evy and Alex make the way through, Alex sees Jonathan ducking away.
35) 1) dialog: Uncle Jon, where are you going? The mummy’s this way.
35) 4) dialog: Get a good look. They’re shipping it off to England tomorrow.
35) 7) dialog: They represent the five Chinese elements.
35) 9) dialog: If you believe the legend, the Emperor could control them. 37.
35) 12) dialog: The operative word is “gulp.” Evy steps forward.
39) 0) text: BOOOOOOM! A cascade of fireworks EXPLODES overhead. Alex heads through the crowd, spots Jonathan.
39) 1) dialog: Any sign of Mum and Dad?
41) 0) text: Alex steps around the side of the building, but there’s n sign of Lily. Some petals drop in front of him, he looks and sees Lily climbing off a wisteria lattice and onto...
42) 0) text: Alex climbs up, doesn’t see anyone. He steps across the gravel to the glass dome, stares down, and is shocked to Evy reading from the Book of the Dead. He shakes his head
42) 1) dialog: I can’t take them anywhere. As another firework mushrooms, he sees Lily shimmying dow chain and stepping onto the enormous crystal chandelier t dangles directly over the Emperor Mummy’s sarcophagus.
42) 2) dialog: Lily?
44) 0) text: Alex watches alarmed. He gets an idea, whips out the slingshot and scoops up a stone. He carefully steps onto glass rotunda and takes aim at Okumura.
46) 0) text: ... Alex fires. The stone BULLETS through the glass...
48) 1) dialog: (shaking head) I’m beyond rusty. Bullets BLAST up through the dome. He looks down to see Okumura FIRING at him. Before he has time to run, the gla rotunda spiderwebs and Alex is sent tumbling.
49) 0) text: As Alex plummets in a shower of glass,
52) 0) text: Alex is coming around. He pokes his head out of the sarcophagus and sees a firework streaking towards him! He ducks back down as the projectile HISSES over him and sna past the Emperor Mummy and Okumura. The Emperor Mummy whi the horses to go faster as TWO MORE rockets follow.
54) 0) text: Alex peeps up over the lid, sees the Emperor Mummy and Okumura. He’s about to make a move when he’s tackled back into the sarcophagus by Lily. Alex stares at her in shock
54) 1) dialog: What are you doing? First you’re climbing down chandeliers, now you’re jumping onto chariots. Are you trying to get yourself killed?
54) 4) dialog: (flattered surprise) Really? As the chariot speeds over a pothole, they are thrown int each other’s arms.
56) 3) dialog: Yeah, he’s got a hero complex. It’s kind of embarrassing. Rick SMASH-LANDS onto one of the front horses, lets go of bike, which is MANGLED under the CLATTERING hooves. He pu his gun as he swings up onto the beast’s back and FIRES a the Emperor Mummy, BLASTING off one of his ears. 50. OKUMURA OPENS FIRE. Rick ducks as BULLETS ricochet off th metal steeds. But then one hits the harness strap and sev it in two! No longer constrained, the horse gallops free. Rick bounces, in nut-numbing agony, as the horse heads fo ornamental moon door that’s way too small! O’ CONNELL Whoa! Rick ducks as the horse SMASH-DRIVES through and out into
60) 0) text: Lily peeks out, then looks back at Alex as she climbs out
60) 2) dialog: Lily, I have a lot more experience with mumm-- She cuts him off with a kiss. He looks at her in shock.
61) 0) text: Unaware of Alex’s trouble, Lily stalks up to the front of chariot. She pulls out her dragon dagger, but light glint off its blade, alerting Okumura. As he spins to face her.
63) 0) text: Alex has just about pried the lid open when Lily tumbles top of him and the lid SLAMS shut with awful finality. EXT. ALLEY ~— SHANGHAI - NIGHT Lines of wet laundry whip Rick’s face as the horse careen down the cobbles. He desperately pulls on the reins, tryi to get it under control. He yanks a pair of bloomers off face and sees he’s headed straight for a -- DEAD END!
65) 0) text: Pitch black. Alex flicks on a lighter, revealing Lily. She’s miraculously unharmed.
65) 2) dialog: These things usually don’t have ‘directions on the inside. 52. As the chariot makes a wild turn, Alex is knocked onto hi side and his lighter illuminates a saucer-size gold disc inlaid into the lid of the sarcophagus. It’s engraved wit five suns and five moons and is ringed by an inscription.
65) 3) dialog: Maybe the lock’s under here. He attempts to pry the disc out with is fingers, but can’
65) 5) dialog: Cool knife. As he levers the disc free...
69) 0) text: Water shoots through the cracks. It’s filling up fast. Alex looks into Lily’s eyes, it’s now or never.
69) 1) dialog: Lily, there’s something I want to tell you before we die... As the water overwhelms them, he manages to blurt out...
69) 2) dialog: «+. I’m in love with you. Before she can respond, the space fills with water. Suddenly, the sound of HAMMERING echoes.
70) 2) dialog: Mum, I’m alright.
70) 8) dialog: Look, about what I said...
70) 10) dialog: Why couldn’t I have just drowned? As he climbs into a truck next to Lily...
73) 15) dialog: It’s a warning to the Emperor. Once awakened, he has five days to attain immortality or else he’1l turn to dust. 0’ CONNELL So even though your mother read from the Book of the Dead, he’s not immortal?
73) 16) dialog: Not yet. He’s merely undead.
73) 23) dialog: Hidden somewhere in the Himalayas. Alex sees Rick playing with the skull box, gets an idea.
73) 24) dialog: Was the Eye in this? 0’ CONNELL Yeah, but I already checked it over. Didn’t find any map.
73) 25) dialog: In Tibetan tradition, skulls are sacred keepsakes, they store memories... Alex grabs a votive candle from the table.
73) 26) dialog: ++. all we need to do is illuminate them. He flips open the skull’s lid and places the candle insid Like an ancient jack-o’-lantern, the eyes project a crude onto the wall.
73) 28) dialog: Can you please not be that Mum right now. They cross to the map projection. It looks like a Chinese silk painting and features a stylized impression of a vas mountain range. The Temple of Whispering Skulls is in the middle and overlooks a long, narrow valley of waterfalls. Alex points to the river that snakes through mountains.
73) 29) dialog: Looks like the Tsangpo River. It cuts right through the Himalayas and leads straight to the Temple. 59. O’ CONNELL Explains why our friends were travelling by junk. Lily studies a block of text at the bottom of the map.
73) 33) dialog: Way to stay positive, Uncle Jon.
73) 35) dialog: Tibetan monks. Rick grins, a plan clearly forming in his head. 0’ CONNELL Maybe it’s time we found religion.
73) 39) dialog: What’s the stench? O’ CONNELL Smells like tequila.
74) 0) text: It’s sheltered under an arching overhang. Evy studies a m by lantern light. Alex catches her stealing glances at Li who stands by the fire conferring with Tequila.
74) 1) dialog: Mum, you’ve been watching Lily round the clock. What’s going on?
74) 4) dialog: Dad, if you want to bunk with Mum, I could sleep with Lily. 0’ CONNELL (patting him on shoulder) Nice try, kiddo. Defeated, Alex steps to Lily, who’s getting into her tent
74) 5) dialog: So if you need anything. I/11 be right over there. Just holler or whistle or knock on my flap. Lily smiles.
74) 11) dialog: Just practicing. Which one do you think I should carry? The Remington or the Colt. O’ CONNELL It’s funny, you look like my son, but he speaks twelve dead languages, spends most of the time in the library, and hates guns.
74) 12) dialog: Yeah, well, I realized that girls aren’t interested in that kind of guy. O’ CONNELL By girls you mean Lily. Alex slumps onto his sleeping bag.
74) 13) dialog: I’ve been in love with her since the first time we met, I think she likes me, too, but there’s something holding her back. I finally figured out what it is. (beat) She wants me to be more like you. O’ CONNELL Alex, when I was your age, I was a macho jerk who wandered around the world looking for a good time. 65.
74) 14) dialog: Yeah, but you were heroic and always saved the day and women were throwing themselves at you, right? Rick shrugs, modestly. O’ CONNELL Well, yeah, sure.
74) 15) dialog: We share the same genes, Dad, so my heroic side’s got to be in there somewhere. How do I find it? Rick looks at Alex, it’s everything he’s ever wanted to h from his son, but he weighs his response carefully. O’ CONNELL You really want my advice?
74) 16) dialog: I’m in your hands. OQ’ CONNELL Be yourself, Alex. If Lily doesn’t recognize what a great guy you are, then she’s not the one. OFF this father-and-son moment... INT. EVY & LILY’S TENT - NIGHT Evy and Lily are in sleeping bags. Both reading by lanter light, Evy casually looks up from her book.
79) 0) text: Rick and Alex sit in the bow, furiously turning the handl of a set of wooden winches. Evy, Lily, Jonathan and Tequi sit behind them with their weight evenly dispersed.
80) 3) dialog: The Emperor’s only got until dawn tomorrow to become immortal or he turns to dust. Rick pulls a Thompson machine gun from a saddlebag. 69. O’ CONNELL Let’s roll out the welcome mat.
82) 0) text: As the wind WASHES across the skull walls, it creates a GHOSTLY WHISPERING sound. Rick, Evy, Jonathan, Alex and L are positioned along the balcony overlooking the entrance their weapons trained on the Emperor Mummy. Tequila sits a corner, madly spinning a handheld prayer wheel, as Rick gives the signal and they OPEN FIRE! CAMERA FOLLOWS a line of bullets. As they SPIRAL towards Emperor Mummy, the gravel in front of him springs up and forms a tight, defensive wall which absorbs the DEAFENING assault. As their guns RATTLE empty, the O’Connells peer through the smoke and look at the wall in shock. 0’ CONNELL There’s a neat trick. The Emperor SNAPS his fingers, causing the gravel wall to split apart and rocket towards the Temple. They dive for cover as the fury of granite projectiles EXPLODES through skull walls in an ecstasy of shattered bone and teeth. As they scramble up, Alex looks around and realizes Lily’s g
82) 1) dialog: Where's Lily?
84) 0) text: Rods of light cut through the riddled walls as Rick, Evy, Alex and Jonathan barrel towards the back door. Before th reach it, the door flies open and THREE JAPANESE SOLDIERS stride in. Our heroes spin back just as the Emperor Mummy and Okumura sweep in. Rick and the others drop their guns and put up their hands in surrender.
84) 4) dialog: Apparently. Lily sees the Emperor Mummy heading for the stairs. She unsheathes her dragon dagger and hurls it. CAMERA FOLLOWS it spins through the chaos and nails the Emperor Mummy in shoulder. He ROARS in pain and light explodes out of his wound. He wrenches the biade free, stares at Lily in surprise, then whips the weapon back at her. She dives aw and the dagger is impaled in a column. Concerned, Okumura races to the Emperor’s side and places the Eye in his pal
84) 6) dialog: Come on, Dad! We can’t let him get to the roof! Rick follows Alex. He’s almost caught up when Okumura ste out from behind a statue and SMASH-PUNCHES him in the gut Rick flies back into a wall of skulls, winded. Then he da out of the way as Okumura comes at him again. Okumura’s metallic fist PULVERIZES a skull. Rick swings a punch, but Okumura catches it and CRUSHES Rick’s hand. Suddenly, a long brass candlestick WHIPS acr Okumura’s back. He angrily spins and finds Evy. He violently HAND-RAMS her in the chest, sending her SLAMMIN into an altar, knocking her out. O’ CONNELL Evy! Enraged, Rick barrels into Okumura and the fight is on! The Emperor Mummy is marching across the balcony when a Y leaps in front of him. Fearless, the Emperor Mummy grabs Yeti by the throat and instantly freezes the beast! The Yeti tumbles back through the wooden railing and SMAS into a couple of Japanese Soldiers who are stalking Lily the courtyard below. As the Emperor Mummy continues his climb, Alex is revealed following. Rick and Okumura slug it out against the frame of a massi bronze prayer wheel. Okumura’s fist SPLINTERS the wooden supports, freeing the wheel which powers across the court like an ANCIENT STEAMROLLER. As they continue to battle,
86) 3) dialog: Dad! Watch out! Alex pushes Rick out of the way and CRIES OUT as the pole impales him like a spear. Rick looks over as Alex collaps 0’ CONNELL Alex... Rick kneels at Alex’s side, realizes he’s dying. O’ CONNELL Hang on. You hear me! Rick sees the Emperor Mummy has made it to the top of the stupa. Rick whips out four sticks of dynamite, ties them with a bandana and torches their fuses. He stands. 73. 0’ CONNELL Taste some 20th-Century firepower, you bastard! He hurls THE IMPROMPTU BOMB. It SPIN-SPARKS through the a and right over the Emperor Mummy’s head. He looks at Rick mockingly as it EXPLODES in midair and its BOOM ricochets across the mountains. The Emperor Mummy turns back. He’s about to slot the Eye into place when a DEEP REVERBERATIN CRACK echoes and a massive shelf of snow begins
88) 0) text: The tidal wave of snow washes overhead as the Yeti, clutc Rick and Alex, hits the ground. Jonathan and Tequila aren so lucky, they stare in horror.
90) 2) dialog: I’m sorry... I didn’t stop him. His eyes roll back as he loses consciousness. O’ CONNELL You’re not dying on me! Evy cradles Alex’s head in her hands.
91) 0) text: Waterfalls cascade as far as the eye can see. The party i escorted by four Yeti while the one carrying Alex leads t way. Rick steps to Lily’s side, looks at his son. . O’ CONNELL How’s he doing? Lily CLUCKS to the Yeti carrying Alex. It CLUCKS back.
92) 2) dialog: Mum... Dad. Evy looks at Lily.
92) 4) dialog: Where are we? 77. O’ CONNELL Your girlfriend’s place.
92) 5) dialog: Dad, she’s not my girl-- Before he can finish, Lily kisses him, overjoyed by his recovery. As he blushes in delight, TWO ROBED MEN appear.
93) 8) dialog: It’s easier to say you don’t date colleagues than admit you’re an immortal from Shangri-La. I understand. Lily smiles, relieved. Rick looks at Zohora.
99) 4) dialog: Dad, I’m going with you. 0’ CONNELL You almost died out there. I won’t let that happen again.
99) 5) dialog: I can take care of myself. You have to stop treating me like a child. 0’ CONNELL Sorry, I’m your dad. It’s an occupational hazard. OFF Alex’s frustration as Rick and Evy head out.
103) 0) text: Fireflies dance across the water. Lily stands in the gold moonlight with her back to Alex as he approaches.
103) 1) dialog: I’d give a penny for your thoughts, but you don’t allow money in here. When she doesn’t turn, he comes around and sees tears shimmering down her face.
103) 3) dialog: Look, if it’s the age difference? Because I have no problem dating an older woman. She puts a finger to his lips.
103) 5) dialog: Then I’11 drink from the Spring, too. We can watch the end of the world together.
103) 7) dialog: Come back to Shanghai, it’s not paradise, but at least we’1l have each other.
103) 9) dialog: Lily, wait! There must be a way. Lily looks back, her heart breaking.
107) 0) text: Terrified RESIDENTS run in panic as Jonathan and Tequila burst out, half naked. They struggle to put on their clot as they race over to Alex.
107) 1) dialog: The Emperor’s here.
107) 3) dialog: You can’t think that way, Uncle Jon. Zohora and Lily run up.
107) 5) dialog: I’m not going anywhere.
107) 8) dialog: River of Spirits?
110) 0) text: Alex and the gang run with a THRONG through the trees. Suddenly, the crowd suffers the same fate as the warriors the opening and turn to terra cotta. As the path opens on a waterfall, Jonathan stops, untouched by the curse.
110) 2) dialog: The curse must only affect immortals. They all turn to Lily. She holds up the glass vial Zohora gave her. It’s now empty. Alex realizes her sacrifice.
110) 3) dialog: Oh God, Lily, I never meant for you to--
111) 2) dialog: Where are you going?
111) 6) dialog: Lily, no! Alex races forward, POUNDS the ice wall, but it’s futile.
112) 5) dialog: About a thousand miles.
112) 8) dialog: 
113) 0) text: Alex, Jonathan and Tequila cautiously creep up to the edg and peer down into the valley. Alex catches sight of Lily she disappears up the gangplank of the plane.
113) 1) dialog: Lily! He’s about to charge after her when a hand pulls him back Alex spins in surprise and is overjoyed to find
113) 3) dialog: Mum! Dad! Thank God. All embrace. Rick looks down at Lily’s plane as it begins taxi across the lake, then turns back to Alex. O’ CONNELL We'll get her back, son. I promise. OFF Alex’s distress as the plane lifts off...
115) 0) text: The Soldiers put the cauldrons down. They’re catching the breath when Rick erupts out of a cauldron in an explosion coins and fists. He punches out two of the Soldiers and grabs their guns as they crumble. Then Evy and Alex burst and punch out another two Soldiers. However, the last two Soldiers swing up their weapons. A tense stand-off. Of CONNELL Now would be a good time, Jonathan. Jonathan pops out of a cauldron behind the Soldiers, brandishing a jewelled scepter, and takes them both out.
120) 0) text: ... Evy and Alex are waiting.
120) 1) dialog: Zohora said we had to unlock the River of Spirits. It’s the only way to stop the warriors. O’ CONNELL Chinese history is your forte, kiddo. Any idea what she was talking about?
120) 2) dialog: The Emperor threw the bodies of his enemies in a river that stretched thousands of miles across China. Legend has it that he slaughtered so many people, the river ran dry. Evy’s mind whirs as she puts it together.
120) 4) dialog: There. Alex points out the window as the plane banks revealing t Great Wall in the distance.
120) 5) dialog: The Emperor built the Great Wall over it.
120) 7) dialog: The Emperor must have feared that the vanquished spirits would come back and seek revenge. He built the Wall to keep them in. 0’ CONNELL Great, all we’ve got to do is unlock this ghost river before the mummy and his terra-cotta army take over the world.
121) 4) dialog: He committed hara-kiri. It’s a Japanese ritual. (MORE)
121) 6) dialog: They believe it’s more honorable to kill yourself than face the humiliation of capture.
123) 2) dialog: This should have taken years to excavate. A CHINESE VOICE booms through a series of crude loudspeak surrounding the complex. The Slave Workers shove each oth as they desperately climb onboard a train that’s waiting the tracks next to the palace. They’re supervised by an ENTOURAGE OF JAPANESE SOLDIERS, some on motorcycles. 0’ CONNELL Why is everybody rushing for a seat on that train?
123) 3) dialog: Because they’re being told they’ re going back to Shanghai. Rick follows the tracks, realizes. O’ CONNELL Between here and Shanghai is a bombed-out railroad bridge.
123) 6) dialog: Dad, look! Rick swings back and watches as a big, onyx-colored convertible sweeps in through the palace gates.
126) 0) text: .«-- who puts the throttle into “full open”, chains the “reverser”, and jumps free as the train GRINDS into motio EXT. DESERT — DAY As the train pulls away, Rick, Evy, Alex, Jonathan and Tequila are revealed crouching on the other side. O’ CONNELL (to Evy) You and Alex warn the slaves. (to Jonathan & Tequila) We’1l get to the engine car. Using the steam as camouflage, they clamber onto the trai
127) 0) text: The train THUNDERS across the desolate landscape. GO WIDE REVEAL it’s speeding for the decimated railroad bridge. A Rick, Jonathan and Tequila head across the carriages to t engine car, Evy and Alex run the other way to the slave c 99.
128) 0) text: Slats of sweaty light dissect the space. The Slave Worker are packed in like animals, among them is Chang, the | i i i. A GUNSHOT RINGS out, the hatch in the roof slides open, and Alex stares down.
128) 1) dialog: (Chinese with subtitles) My name is Alex O’Connell and I’m here to help.
137) 0) text: Using the smoking melee for cover, Alex chooses his momen then leaps off the train and roll-dives into the sand. As cautiously makes his way towards the palace...
139) 0) text: THUNDER BOOMS and forking veins of lightning flash throug the swirling storm cloud. Suddenly, it unleashes a DEAFENING DELUGE. Alex is creeping through the Warriors when the raindrops HAMMER down. Their bodies glow and they utter INHUMAN WAI as they painfully come to life. A second before their eye pop open, Alex dives through a door.
143) 4) dialog: Get away from her. Okumura turns to find Alex standing with his gun aimed.
143) 7) dialog: I swear to God, I’11 shoot you.
143) 12) dialog: I’m not leaving you. Okumura smiles, impressed by Alex’s bravery.
148) 0) text: The Emperor Mummy’s elongated mouth angrily shuts. He loo around and sees the Japanese Soldiers’ discarded motorcyc He gets an idea and BARKS an order to his five Warriors. INT. EMPEROR’S BEDCHAMBER.- PALACE - DAY Okumura SLAMS his fist into Alex, knocking him against a column. Alex peers over at Lily, anguished. Okumura catch the exchange.
148) 2) dialog: At least I won’t spend eternity as the Emperor’s lap dog. Enraged, Okumura backhands Alex, sending him flying acros the floor. Alex lands right next to the gun. As Okumura strides towards him, Alex wrenches the weapon into view.
148) 5) dialog: I wasn’t aiming at you. Suddenly, Okumura hears the rope holding the giant brass lantern SNAP. He looks up in horror as the lantern falls towards him. He doesn’t have time to run, as he is impale by the ornament’s pointed end. As he desperately struggle to free himself, Alex unties Lily and they race out...
149) 0) text: «+. they’re sprinting down the passage when they hear the SOUND of a motorcycle. They spin just as Warrior #1 power into view. As he speeds towards them, Lily spin-kicks him off the bike in an incredible martial-arts move. Warrior tumbles across the floor while his motorcycle skid-slides a stop. Warrior #1 springs back to his feet, draws his sword, stalks towards them just as Evy and Rick SCREECH around the other corner and SMASH through him like a pina Evy smokes the bike to a stop in front of Alex and Lily.
149) 2) dialog: Yeah, sure. No problem. Had it completely under control. They all smile.
151) 0) text: Lily and Alex are leading the way while Rick and Evy foll right behind. As they speed through a doorway, they’re intercepted by Warriors #2 and #3 on motorcycles. As Warrior #2 powers forward, Rick UNLOADS his machine gu and blows the Warrior’s head clean off, sending the headl Warrior into a wooden column. Evy follows Lily, with Warr #3 in hot pursuit. As Lily darts her bike into...
153) 0) text: Lily and Evy flash on their headlights, revealing a slopi carved-out space. Rick and Alex’s MACHINE-GUN FIRE strobe the blackness as Warrior #3 follows. Suddenly, the bikes catch air. Rick and Alex hold on as they touch down on a giant staircase. Evy and Lily don’t slow as they speed do the stairs, headed towards the 108. TUNNEL BELOW. Ignoring the bone-jarring ride, Rick FIRES blindly at War #3 and blows out his front tire, causing Warrior #3 to be catapulted off his bike. Warrior #3 somersaults over thei heads and lands at the base of the stairs. As he struggle up, Evy and Lily power the bikes right over him. His dama bike follows, SLAMS down on top of him and EXPLODES. O’ CONNELL (disdainful) Mummies on motorcycles! Suddenly, GUNFIRE strafes the walls. Rick swings back jus as a motorcycle with a sidecar bursts through the firebal Warrior #4 is in the sidecar manning a mounted machine gu while Warrior #5 drives.
155) 0) text: ... Lily and Alex streak past while Evy and Rick follow behind. Evy is desperately weaving, trying to avoid the lines of gunfire Warrior #4 is directing at them. Rick’s machine gun finally CLICKS empty. He tosses it at Warrior #5, momentarily blinding him, sending the motorcycle SPAR against the side of the wall. Rick pulls a stick of dynamite from his belt, lights the and tosses it to Warrior #4, who catches it and studies i curiously. KABOOOOM! Warrior #4 and the sidecar are blown to bits. Unfortunately, Warrior #5 and the rest of the bi speed through the debris, unscathed, and continue the cha LILY AND ALEX -- have pulled ahead, peel through a circul entrance to a cave-like chamber and skid to a stop.
155) 1) dialog: Come on! They leap off and begin rolling the huge circular stone d across the entrance. As the door begins to close,
157) 0) text: CLOSE ON A TORCH as it flickers to life. PULL BACK TO REV Rick, Evy, Alex and Lily taking in the cavernous room, St lead up to Great Wall’s massive foundations that protrude from the roof of the cavern. O’ CONNELL Those stairs must lead straight up to the Wall. They head onto a red marble bridge that traverses a dry riverbed. Evy holds her torch over the side, revealing a horrifying mass of human skulls and bones.
157) 2) dialog: Over here. They turn and see Alex and Lily standing by a circular st altar. Evy and Rick race over. CLOSE ON ALTAR: It features a bowl-like indention in the center which is engraved with a Chinese inscription.
157) 5) dialog: It wasn’t a river of water, it was a river of blood. The drops of blood splatter into the bowl like acid on le The Chinese inscription glows and a fierce wind whips. Al the torches die and a DEEP RUMBLE ECHOES. The gang turns a wave of rippling, blue-white light rushes out and fills dry riverbed. They cautiously approach and peer in awe. WHAT THEY SEE: The ghostly forms of the Emperor’s SLAIN ENEMIES rage as they swim under the river’s ethereal surf O’ CONNELL Nice work. But why aren’t they up there taking out the warriors?
159) 0) text: PAN ACROSS THE ALTAR. The earth, stone and fire bowls are full. Evy drops her wedding ring in the fourth. She shout to Rick and Alex who are on the other side of the River.
159) 2) dialog: Got it. As he tosses it across the River of Spirits, there’s a deafening boom and the circular door EXPLODES open. Rick grabs Alex, dives for cover as the slab of stone flies ac the space and OBLITERATES the bridge. As the dust settles they see the Emperor Mummy standing in the threshold. O’ CONNELL (shouting) Evy, pour the water! As Evy scrambles for the flask, the Emperor Mummy holds u his hand and fires a FLAMING COMET at the altar, which kn all the elements out of their bowls.
161) 5) dialog: (getting idea) Dad, give me yours. Alex pulls his sling-shot out of his pocket. O’ CONNELL I thought you hung that up when you were twelve. Alex smiles, takes the ring. Rick looks back and sees the Emperor storming towards them. 0’ CONNELL The fate of the world’s in your hands, kiddo. No pressure. Alex takes aim, pulls back the sling and fires. The ring soars across the space in SLO MO. Ricochets off the wall, PINGS off a column and straight into the right bowl. BULL EYE! The next instant the Spirits are unleashed and flood through the foundation of the Wall in a firestorm of ligh O’ CONNELL That’s my boy!
165) 0) text: As Rick and Alex pick themselves up, the whole place RUMB It’s like an earthquake. Cracks snake across the roof. 0’ CONNELL Up to the Wall! Now! Evy and Lily dart for the stairs as Rick and Alex sprint across the dry riverbed, dodging falling debris as they g The steps disintegrate behind them as they clamber.
166) 0) text: Evy and Lily burst into the sunlight. But as Alex and Ric race out, the turret collapses under them. As they drop,
166) 2) dialog: Now that you’re mortal, I was wondering if maybe we could do something together that doesn’t involve evil emperors or saving the world, 115.