0) 0) text: A vast walled city comprised of a complex of pavilions, pagodas and ornamental gardens. The Emperor’s army fills monumental: courtyard in front of the main palace pavilio The 100,000 WARRIORS stand in perfectly ordered phalanxes
2) 0) text: The Emperor stands with his Generals, flanked by his devo eunuch, FU. A magnificent embroidered dragon tapestry shimmers on the wall behind him.
3) 0) text: The Emperor watches as a motley crowd of GRIZZLED MEN, WI HAIRED HAGS and BESPECTACLED SCHOLARS are escorted in.
4) 0) text: The Emperor stands in the middle of this dungeon-like cha surrounded by smoking vats and billowing vials.
7) 0) text: Zohora holds on to Sun Tzu as they gallop down a track wh runs parallel to the Great Wall. Sun Tzu turns and rides towards the Emperor’s palace, which looms in the distance
8) 0) text: Sun Tzu presents Zohora to the Emperor, who is clearly st by her beauty.
10) 1) text: . wrapped in Sun Tzu’s axms. THE CAMERA FINDS the Emperor watching through a window. A his eyes glint with jealousy...
12) 2) dialog: I never doubted you would. She spins and finds the Emperor in the doorway. She masks her shock and respectfully bows her head.
12) 4) dialog: Where is it?
17) 0) text: Zohora kneels at the Emperor’s feet and holds up the copy the Book of the Dead. He beams as he runs his hand across its surface.
17) 2) dialog: Now I will rule the earth as a god with you by my side. The Emperor grins lecherously.
17) 4) text: Instead of granting him everlasting life, Zohora used the Book to curse the Emperor and his beloved army. The Emperor utters a BLOOD-CURDLING SCREAM. He tears open his robe, looks at his chest as his skin becomes transluc Fu and the Eunuchs flee as the Emperor’s heart starts to BLACK BLOOD. The poison courses through the Emperor’s body from the in out. Black veins viper up his arms, legs and neck and fissure across the whites of his eyeballs. The ooze seeps out of his pores, coating his flesh and clothes. Like mol clay, it sheets across his'face, sealing his lips and ton and silencing his agonized cry. When he’s fully coated,
19) 0) text: PUSH IN ON the Emperor’s expressionless face.
19) 1) text: The Eunuchs buried the Emperor in a crypt below the courtyard. As for his warriors, the palace became their tomb. PUSH into his lifeless eyes.
21) 0) text: Four stone Chimera, mythical dragon-like tomb guardians, stand in the corners of the chamber as Alex leads Lily an Willoughby down the steps. The trio stares in awe at the Emperor’s ornate sarcophagus. It’s si i i rc . 13.
35) 0) text: The Emperor's sarcophagus lies on the back of the horse-d chariot Alex discovered in the crypt. It’s being guarded THREE BRITISH SOLDIERS and sits under the room’s glass do A MILITARY BAND plays and the EXPAT CROWD is served by ELEGANT CHINESE HOSTESSES. As Rick, Evy and Alex make the way through, Alex sees Jonathan ducking away.
43) 0) text: PUSH IN ON EVY as she reads from the terra cotta Book of Dead. The ancient Egyptian incantation echoes and firewor wash everything in eerie Technicolor. PUSH IN ON RICK as a fierce wind whips and the Emperor Mu is cocooned in CRACKLING tongues of white hot energy. PUSH IN ON OKUMURA AND WILLOUGHBY watching in awe as the spectacle reaches a crescendo, then subsides. Okumura and Willoughby step forward expectantly, but the Emperor does move. He looks glossy and wet like a newly molded statue.
45) 0) text: Lily is crouched on the chandelier. She pulls out a drago hilted dagger. It looks exactly like the one the Emperor used to stab Zohora. She’s about to leap down when...
47) 0) text: ... misses Okumura by a mile, ricochets off the bronze chariot, PINGS against the chandelier, before SHATTERING nose of the Emperor Mummy clean off. As maggots writhe ou through the stub, Evy turns to Rick.
52) 0) text: Alex is coming around. He pokes his head out of the sarcophagus and sees a firework streaking towards him! He ducks back down as the projectile HISSES over him and sna past the Emperor Mummy and Okumura. The Emperor Mummy whi the horses to go faster as TWO MORE rockets follow.
54) 0) text: Alex peeps up over the lid, sees the Emperor Mummy and Okumura. He’s about to make a move when he’s tackled back into the sarcophagus by Lily. Alex stares at her in shock
68) 0) text: The chariot speeds towaxds Okumura’s junk, which is sitti in the middle of the frozen river. Rick has almost pulled alongside, he takes aim and BLASTS the bolt attaching the sarcophagus carriage to the chariot. As the sarcophagus carriage spins across the ice, the Emp Mummy swerves into Rick’s path. The chariot’s foot-long wheel-spikes SPARK-SLICE through the horse’s metal legs. the horse buckles over onto the ice and shatters apart, R is violently catapulted free. The chariot pulls up next to the junk, Okumura climbs onboard followed by the Emperor Mummy, who waves his hand across the river, causing the ice to melt. As the ice mel from under it, the carriage plunges into...
73) 0) text: The Emperor Mummy holds the SCREAMING Man by the face. Daggers of light cut through the Man and heal the Emperor Mummy’s wounds. As the Emperor Mummy drops the Man’s corp which smashes onto the floor, Okumura is revealed.
76) 0) text: The crewmen bow as Okumura leads the Emperor Mummy down t gangplank. They join Major Suki and the Tibetan Monk.
78) 0) text: The Emperor Mummy and Okumura are followed by an entourag JAPANESE SOLDIERS. Suddenly, a section of the steps break away, sending Major Suki and the Monk plunging to their deaths. The Emperor Mummy puts his hand on the cliff and replacement slabs ERUPT out of the stone. As he climbs on EXT. DEVIL’S GORGE - DAY The gondola is suspended on a rope connected to two woode towers on either side of the chasm. It's shaped like a bo and its extravagantly painted sides are faded with time.
81) 0) text: The Emperor and Okumura climb the last step and smile as peer at the Temple of Whispering Skulls. As they trudge across the gravel to the front door, the soldiers follow.
82) 0) text: As the wind WASHES across the skull walls, it creates a GHOSTLY WHISPERING sound. Rick, Evy, Jonathan, Alex and L are positioned along the balcony overlooking the entrance their weapons trained on the Emperor Mummy. Tequila sits a corner, madly spinning a handheld prayer wheel, as Rick gives the signal and they OPEN FIRE! CAMERA FOLLOWS a line of bullets. As they SPIRAL towards Emperor Mummy, the gravel in front of him springs up and forms a tight, defensive wall which absorbs the DEAFENING assault. As their guns RATTLE empty, the O’Connells peer through the smoke and look at the wall in shock. 0’ CONNELL There’s a neat trick. The Emperor SNAPS his fingers, causing the gravel wall to split apart and rocket towards the Temple. They dive for cover as the fury of granite projectiles EXPLODES through skull walls in an ecstasy of shattered bone and teeth. As they scramble up, Alex looks around and realizes Lily’s g
84) 0) text: Rods of light cut through the riddled walls as Rick, Evy, Alex and Jonathan barrel towards the back door. Before th reach it, the door flies open and THREE JAPANESE SOLDIERS stride in. Our heroes spin back just as the Emperor Mummy and Okumura sweep in. Rick and the others drop their guns and put up their hands in surrender.
93) 9) text: 0’ CONNELL The Emperor may be down, but he’s not out. He still has twelve hours to find this place.
101) 3) text: is revealed lying in the circular pit. His torso is craze with cracks and half his face has broken off, revealing h maggot-infested skull and brain. Still clutching the Eye, walks up the smooth-walled trench that magically melts be him. It leads straight to the top of the stupa. Okumura watches as the Emperor Mummy places the Eye into circular depression that’s hollowed out of the bronze fla that still graces the top of the stupa. As
104) 0) text: Snow is coming down thick and fast. A bitter wind WAILS. Rick and Evy struggle through the blizzard when the Yeti walking in front of them is suddenly yanked into the snow Rick spins back, catches a glimpse of the Emperor Mummy a Okumura. As he races towards them, “snow arms” burst up a wrap around his legs. As he is dragged down, Rick grabs t
105) 0) text: Moonlight filters through the curtain of water as the silhouettes of Okumura and the Emperor Mummy appear. They step through and the Emperor Mummy stares at the Spring.
108) 0) text: Total chaos. People SCREAM as ice washes down the street, freezing everything in its path. As Zohora spins back, sh sees the Emperor Mummy. His eyes flash with surprise.
112) 0) text: Lily runs past the petrified citizens until she sees the Emperor Mummy standing in front of Zohora’s terra cotta f
123) 0) text: Rick, Evy and the Gang crawl to the crest of a ridge and stare in shock at what lies below. WHAT THEY SEE: The Emperor Mummy’s palace. LEGIONS OF SLA WORKERS have almost completely excavated it. The army of 100,000 terra cotta Warriors gleams in the early morning sunlight while the Great Wall looms in the distance.
124) 0) text: The convertible glides to a stop. The Emperor Mummy, Lily and Okumura climb out. Okumura gestures to the Warriors.
133) 0) text: The Emperor Mummy, Okumura and Lily stand at the foot of palace stairs. The Emperor Mummy surveys his army, then r a finger through Lily’s hair. He doesn’t take his eyes of her as he orders Okumura to...
134) 0) text: The Emperor reaches for the flask of Eternal Spring water He pours some into his cupped palm. A black funnel cloud twists up from his hand and into the sky.
140) 0) text: The Emperor SNAPS his fingers, causing the rain to stop a the ominous cloud to dissipate. He stares at the rows of living terra cotta Warriors before him. 102.
143) 0) text: The Emperor Mummy watches as his army advances across the sand like an unstoppable flood. But his face darkens when
146) 0) text: Rick and Evy are halfway across the vast expanse of stone when the Emperor Mummy sweeps through the gates with his Warriors. The Emperor Mummy’s mouth distends and he unleashes an 80-FOOT JET OF FLAME. Rick looks back as the tongue of fire forms into a roaring dragon’s head. 0’ CONNELL Step on it, Evy, I think we’re really starting to piss him off. As the dragon “snaps” at Rick’s back, Evy powers up the palace steps and skid-turns through the doors.
148) 0) text: The Emperor Mummy’s elongated mouth angrily shuts. He loo around and sees the Japanese Soldiers’ discarded motorcyc He gets an idea and BARKS an order to his five Warriors. INT. EMPEROR’S BEDCHAMBER.- PALACE - DAY Okumura SLAMS his fist into Alex, knocking him against a column. Alex peers over at Lily, anguished. Okumura catch the exchange.
150) 0) text: Okumura is still struggling to free himself when a shadow crosses his face. It’s the Emperor Mummy.
156) 0) text: The Emperor surveys the tire tracks leading into the secr passageway. OFF his face as he strides into the passage..
161) 0) text: Evy and Lily frantically put the elements back in the bow while the Emperor MACHINE GUNS flaming orbs at Rick and A
163) 0) text: The INHUMAN DEATH CRIES of the Warriors echo across the chamber. The Emperor Mummy stares up in shock and WAILS.. 1214.