22) 2) dialog: Remember when Alex climbed that minaret? oO’ CONNELL Yeah, I bet him a year’s allowance he couldn’t do it. Then we dodged the Indian police for two hours. He smiles sadly as they make their way through the THRONG 15. 0’ CONNELL I miss being the fun dad Alex couldn’t wait to hang out with.
22) 3) dialog: Well, somewhere between the tombs of Egypt and the temples of Persia, your son grew up. O’ CONNELL I know and I’m really proud of him. But the truth is he’s closer to you than he is to me.
22) 4) dialog: If you want to know what he’s up to, why don’t you read his letters? O’ CONNELL Honey, they’re in ancient Egyptian with jokes about obscure pharaohs.
22) 5) dialog: He did inherit my wry sense of humor. Rick shakes his head. Evy tries to stay positive.
22) 6) dialog: Look, you need to reconnect with him in your own way. When you were his age, what did you like? 0” CONNELL Girls, guns... girls.
22) 7) dialog: Trust me, your son has no time for romantic dalliances. He’s a freshman at Yale. I’m sure he‘s absorbed in his studies. O’ CONNELL What are you going to do when Alex finally does bring somebody home?
22) 8) dialog: I'll be fine... as long as she’s a librarian. As they reach the entrance, Evy scans the crowd. 16.
22) 9) dialog: Any sign of General Okumura? Rick points to an ASIAN MAN with aristocratic features. T is GENERAL OKUMURA. He’s climbing into a bicycle rickshaw Q’ CONNELL Looks like he’s doing some sightseeing. As they clamber into a rickshaw and follow...
23) 1) dialog: We're in the middle of a war, Rick. I wanted us to do our part. Besides, I’ve talked you into worse. O’ CONNELL You don’t even know why you’ re following him?
23) 2) dialog: The Home Office said the less we know the safer we are. We’re just supposed to observe his movements and report back. 0’ CONNELL Lucky your husband likes to live dangerously.
23) 4) dialog: And what might that be? O’ CONNELL Nobody knows, but the Japanese High Command weren’t impressed. They bounced Okumura and his followers out of Tokyo faster than you can say sushi. As Okumura pulls up in front of the Taj Mahal, he is met TWO FIERCE-LOOKING SIKHS wearing blue turbans.
23) 5) dialog: What’s a rogue general doing in India? O’ CONNELL That’s where the spying part comes in,
25) 1) dialog: I better take some pictures of where the trail went cold. Evy snaps photos while Rick tugs at an elephant statue. H yanks down on its trunk, breaks it off. As he tries to reattach it, Evy lines up a shot and sees something.
25) 2) dialog: Pinch my cheeks. Rick quickly slips the broken trunk in his pocket. O’ CONNELL Not now, Honey, we’ve got a bad guy to catch.
25) 3) dialog: Look through the view-finder. She hands him the camera and points to a design inlaid on wall above a relief of a peacock. Its tail feathers glint with semi-precious stone. As he peers through the camera. WHAT HE SEES: Viewed upside down, the abstract design now appears to spell out a phrase.
25) 4) dialog: Those symbols are actually Sanskrit, except they’re upside down and backwards. They spell, “Pinch my cheeks”. Evy reaches across, pinches the peacock’s cheeks causing “feathers” to fan back into the floor, revealing a doorwa
27) 1) dialog: Why is the mud moving? Both look down and see they’ve landed in a pit of writhin SLUGS! They slither out, frantically brushing slugs and slime off their clothes.
27) 2) dialog: Disgusting doesn’t even begin to describe that. Rick plucks a slug out of his ear. Evy SQUELCHES up to a filigree grille and peers out. WHAT SHE SEES: A giant, 50-foot silver statue of the elephant god Ganesh in the middle of a huge subterranean cavern. He holds a sword in each of his eight arms. Like sinking ship, the whole place is weirdly tilted at an ang
27) 3) dialog: The Lost Temple of Ganesh. The final repository of...
28) 1) dialog: Actually, honey, they’re Indian crocodiles, far more vicious. But lucky for us, it looks like they’re hibernating. O’ CONNELL Way to find the silver lining, Evy. at the sword-wielding Sikhs who are following. 0’ CONNELL So what does Okumura want with the Eye of Pemako?
28) 2) dialog: They say the stone points the way to the Spring of Eternal Life which is hidden in Shangri-La. 0’ CONNELL As much as I’d like to take a swig from the fountain of youth and stay this ruggedly handsome forever -- that’s a myth,
28) 3) dialog: You used to feel the same way about mummies. They scramble out of the pit and begin to climb the statu while the
28) 6) dialog: Rick, this isn’t it. O’ CONNELL Looks like a big sparkly diamond to me. She scrapes the stone against the edge of Ganesh’s ear, t shows Rick its scarred surface.
28) 7) dialog: Diamonds don’t scratch. A loud METALLIC CLANKING echoes from the belly of the sta Like a giant clockwork toy, the statue GRINDS to life. It eight arms swing their razor-sharp swords and its head no
28) 10) dialog: I’m not sure, but I found the Eye. Spangles of light ripple across Evy as she hinges open th skull and stares at THE EYE. It’s an egg-sized diamond wi a large, pupil-shaped emerald embedded within it.
28) 11) dialog: It was inside Ganesh’s belly. Which makes perfect sense; you see, in Indian culture, the third eye is about looking inward. A BULLET zips past Rick. It’s Okumura. O’ CONNELL Fill me in later. Okumura pops off TWO MORE SHOTS, Rick races away, dives f cover among the sleeping crocodiles. As he peers through steam, he sees the eyes of a croc pop open. Then another another. They’re all waking up! He slowly turns his head until he’s staring into the open eyes of the croc directl front of him. It’s got a shit-eating grin on its snout. Just as the ferocious reptile lurches towards him with it jaws snapping, Rick shoulder-rolls to his feet and takes 0’ CONNELL Evy, I figured out what the steam does! Evy slides down Ganesh’s right leg, clutching the skull b turns to find the cavern is shrouded in a carpet of steam
28) 12) dialog: Rick, where are you? She jumps down, unaware of the threat. Suddenly, a shape emerges through the curtain of steam behind her. It’s Sik #21 He's holding a sword and creeping up on her. 23. He’s about to slice her in half when a GIANT CROCODILE le out of the mist, vices the guy in his jaws, and drops out frame with lightning speed. Evy hears the man’s MUFFLED C spins, but sees nothing. When she turns back, she is startled to find Rick right next to her. She swats him.
28) 13) dialog: Don’t do that! 0’ CONNELL We need to go. Now! However, as they turn, Okumura steps out of the steam wit his gun aimed at Rick,
28) 15) dialog: Actually, he’s the god of wealth, intelligence... Suddenly, there’s A DEAFENING GROAN and the statue topple off its base. As it CRASHES, its sword-wielding arms impa the crocs that are about to devour Rick and Evy.
28) 16) dialog: «.. and remover of obstacles. The duo clambers up onto the statue, which forms a bridge over the crocodile pit. INT. TAJ MAHAL — DAY Rick and Evy look like they’ve been dragged to hell and b Rick holds his shoulder as they cross to the shoe Attenda
28) 17) dialog: I should report to the Home Office and you should see a doctor. Rick hands the Attendant his ticket. The man stares in shock. Rick’s shirt is ripped and his face is streaked wi dirt and blood. O’ CONNELL The other guy lost an am. As Rick starts pulling on his boots, he surreptitiously t the Eye out of its skull box and slips it into a compartm in the heel of his boot. As he ties his laces: 0’ CONNELL Now let’s get this vacation started. Evy, meanwhile, notices the “Times of India” sitting on t Attendant’s chair. She picks it up and stares at the phot on the front page in disbelief.
28) 18) dialog: Rick, did you know someone found the First Emperor of China? 25. O’ CONNELL You’re kidding? Who did that son- of-a-bitch Willoughby finally get to do the job?
28) 19) dialog: Our son. She angrily spins and thrusts the newspaper into his ches
28) 20) dialog: Vacation's over. As she storms away, Rick peers at the front page. It features a photo of Alex under the headline, “O’ CONNELL DISCOVERS FIRST EMPEROR OF CHINA!” OFF this image...
28) 32) dialog: How long has Alex been in China?
28) 34) dialog: My son makes the biggest discovery of the century and I have to read about it in a newspaper.
28) 37) dialog: Jonathan!
28) 39) dialog: We sent Alex to America so he wouldn’t be in harm’s way.
28) 54) dialog: I passed upset two time zones ago.
28) 56) dialog: You’re half naked, consorting with a bar-girl. It’s pretty self- explanatory.
28) 60) dialog: And that required candles, champagne and taking off your clothes? Flustered, Alex pulls on a shirt.
28) 67) dialog: I’m afraid you inherited my family’s genes. The Carnahans aren’t known for producing football stars. Just look at your Uncle Jon.
28) 69) dialog: Full scholar? Alex, that’s fantastic. Just what we’ve always dreamed about.
28) 71) dialog: Alex, it’s terrible you lied... (can’t contain herself) ... but congratulations! Give me a hug. As they hug, Rick rolls his eyes. Evy finally breaks off.
28) 72) dialog: Now, tell me more about this Lily. OFF Alex’s embarrassment... 32.
32) 1) dialog: Rick, this might be a good time to give Alex his present. Alex regards his dad with surprise.
32) 4) dialog: Don’t look at me, your father insisted on picking it out himself. Alex RIPS open the lid and stares in disappointment.
32) 11) dialog: Please tell me you’re not dating a revolutionary.
34) 3) dialog: War always is. (beat) Now cheer up, for Alex’s sake. As they head inside, Jonathan hands the VALET the keys.
35) 3) dialog: Fascinating.
35) 5) dialog: Tomorrow? But you haven’t even opened it yet. O’ CONNELL Does the phrase “rest in peace” mean anything to you two? Evy runs her hand over the sarcophagus, stops when she co across five Chinese characters.
35) 6) dialog: I don’t recognize the characters in this cartouche.
35) 8) dialog: Of course; earth, fire, water, stone, metal.
35) 10) dialog: Better hope he doesn’t rise again. O’ CONNELL Wait. Nobody’s rising again. We’ve been there, done that. Evy, step away from the mummy. Rick and Evy notice Alex is staring at something, they fo his gaze and see Lily. She looks radiant in a mandarin- collared silk dress, and an unusual flame-shaped silver _ pendant graces her neck. She crosses to Alex.
35) 13) dialog: Lily, we wanted to apologize for last night. Alex caught us a little off-guard.
35) 16) dialog: I don’t know, there’s something about her that bothers me. O’ CONNELL Maybe it’s the fact that your son is clearly in love with her.
35) 17) dialog: He said they’re just colleagues. 38. 0’ CONNELL Yeah, on a dig, all alone in the desert. Sound familiar?
35) 18) dialog: We couldn’t stand each other. O’ CONNELL That’s because you were impossible.
35) 19) dialog: And you were incorrigible. Rick smiles. 0’ CONNELL I say we step outside and settle this. She flashes a sexy smile as Rick pulls her out onto...
36) 1) dialog: Still incorrigible.
36) 6) dialog: I’m grateful you’ve taken Alex under your wing. I know your mentorship has been invaluable. O’ CONNELL Yeah, pulling him out of college behind our backs, putting him in danger. You’re a real stand up, Colin.
36) 8) dialog: You promised to behave! 0’ CONNELL That idiot’s the reason you’re not a Bembridge Scholar. You’re lucky I didn’t deck him. . A CHINESE HOSTESS, wearing a red-and-black uniform, steps holding a silver tray with a note. She bows to Evy, who takes the note and reads it. She looks at Rick.
36) 9) dialog: The Ambassador wants to see us.
37) 3) dialog: I know that, Sir, but I assure you that what we discovered will be of vital interest to the Home Office. As the Ambassador takes a sip of scotch, his face stiffen
37) 4) dialog: Sir, if I may say, you’re looking a little peaky. A beat later, the Ambassador keels over, revealing a Chin THROWING STAR imbedded in his back. 0’ CONNELL This meeting’s definitely over! When they spin, they come face to face with Okumura. He's flanked by TWO HOSTESSES who have throwing stars poised i their hands. As Rick reaches for his gun, Okumura’s metal hand flies up and vice-grips his throat.
38) 1) dialog: (to Willoughby) How could you do this? You're a knight of the crown. 41.
40) 4) dialog: Impossible! There’s only one Book of the Dead.
40) 6) dialog: I implore you if the Emperor rises, he’1l...
40) 9) dialog: I’1l never read it. Okumura shoves his gun against Rick’s head.
40) 11) dialog: Give me the Book.
40) 13) dialog: God forgive me.
43) 3) dialog: (indignant) I most certainly did not! Willoughby jabs the wet clay with one of his fat fingers shakes his head in contempt.
47) 1) dialog: He’s still breakable. But Rick is following Okumura’s gaze up to... O’ CONNELL Alex.
49) 2) dialog: Stay away from my son! Rick slides across the floor, snaps Willoughby’s gun out his terra cotta fingers, and starts FIRING at the Emperor Mummy. The bullets drill right through his hard shell ina spray of desiccated bone and maggots. As Rick’s gun CLICK empty, Okumura steps to the Emperor Mummy’s side.
62) 1) dialog: Oh my God!
66) 2) dialog: He can control the five elements. As she spins the wheel and follows Rick onto... EXT. WOODEN WHARF -— NIGHT Rick hugs the broken neck of his horse as it speeds after chariot. He closes his eyes as the steed leaps off the wh and flies towards the ice.
70) 1) dialog: Rick... Alex... 54. As if in answer, Rick, Alex and Lily break the surface an climb onto the dock. Evy races to Alex, fusses over him.
70) 4) dialog: I’d say you can handle yourself, too. Those were some impressive moves back at the Consulate.
70) 6) dialog: I could have sworn I saw Okumura shoot Lily. O’ CONNELL Must have missed. They hear a WOLF-WHISTLE, turn and see Jonathan standing the smoking fireworks truck.
73) 14) dialog: Can you translate it?
73) 18) dialog: The Spring of Eternal Life. That’s why Okumura needs the Eye of Pemako, to find Shangri-La.
73) 20) dialog: More like a beacon. If the Bye is placed in the Temple of Whispering Skulls, it will point the way through the Valley-of a Thousand Waterfalls. Behind one of them is Shangri-La.
73) 27) dialog: That’s my boy! She hugs him, but he pulls away, embarrassed by the displ
73) 31) dialog: The Ladder must be these stairs in the cliff face. Rick’s finger charts the tortuous overland route. 0’ CONNELL If we can cross the Gorge, we could still beat them to the Temple.
73) 42) dialog: Is he dead? Rick leans to check his pulse. Suddenly, Tequila lets out God-awful BELCH. Rick backs away, disgusted. O’ CONNELL He’s not dead. He’s drunk.
74) 2) dialog: I’m not sure, but how well do you really know her, Alex? Before he can answer, Lily and Rick join them.
74) 17) dialog: Alex was telling me that Tibetan is one of the most difficult languages to master. Yours is excellent.
74) 19) dialog: Is that so, because when I called they had no record of you being registered in any department. Only now does Lily look up. 66.
74) 21) dialog: Because nothing about you seems to add up. You lied about being a student and you took an interest in Alex just when he started searching for the Emperor. Lily holds Evy’s gaze.
74) 23) dialog: What about Alex? You know he’s madly in love with you. I’d hate to think you’re using him.
74) 25) dialog: Alex may be well-travelled, but he’s naive when it comes to affairs of the heart. If you hurt him, you're going to have to answer to me. (beat) Good night, Lily. OFF Lily shaken, as Evy turns off the lantern.
80) 2) dialog: Looks like we beat them here.
86) 1) dialog: I’1l be fine. Go help Alex. As Rick heads up the stairs, Jonathan and Tequila pull themselves out of the pile of skulls. When they turn, the come face to face with a Yeti. As they SCREAM, the Yeti SCREAMS back and they’re blasted by spit and noxious brea Terrified, the duo hurtles out through the hole in the wa
90) 3) dialog: Sweetie, stay with us. 75. Rick looks at her, distraught. O/’ CONNELL I can’t stop the bleeding. Lily steps in, flanked by the Yeti. She looks at Alex, anguished, makes up her mind.
90) 6) dialog: Because Shangri-La is her home. OFF Rick’s stunned reaction...
91) 3) dialog: Is that what you’ve been trying to do? 76. She nods.
91) 5) dialog: Why are you breaking that promise now? Lily looks at Alex, then at Evy, finally confesses.
92) 1) dialog: The Spring of Eternal Life. Lily cups a handful of water and splashes it across Alex’ wound. They watch as Alex miraculously heals.
92) 3) dialog: Thank you. Alex GROANS as he sits up. Rick and Evy smile, relieved.
92) 8) dialog: No sticky fingers, Jonathan. Rick pulls out an inordinate number of guns and knives th are hidden on his body, realizes everyone is staring at h O’ CONNELL What? EXT. SHANGRI-LA -— DAY Now disarmed, the gang steps out and stares in wonder at valley below which is lined with terraces of paddy fields tropical orchards and silky waterfalls. A village of pago like houses sits on the banks of a glimmering lake.
109) 2) dialog: Alex!
120) 3) dialog: The water may be gone, but the spirits of the dead still flow through it. Where is this river?
120) 6) dialog: So the Wall’s really a giant tomb. Alex nods. 94.
120) 8) dialog: Thankfully nobody’s spent more time in tombs than the three of us. Or at least, anyone with a pulse. An EXPLOSION booms up from the ground. They all rush into
121) 1) dialog: We’ re veering off course.
121) 8) dialog: Almost.
123) 1) dialog: Oh my God.
123) 4) dialog: They’ re not going to free them, they’ re going to kill them. 98.
138) 1) dialog: (looking around) Where’s Alex? Rick looks back at the palace, concerned. 0’ CONNELL Oh God. He went to save the girl.
138) 2) dialog: How do you know? 0’ CONNELL Because that’s what I’d do.
138) 3) dialog: (to Jonathan & Tequila) Get everyone onto the Wall. Hold the army back as long as you can.
143) 2) dialog: Incoming! They duck as arrows WHIZ over their heads. As Rick and Ev ROAR through the palace gates, the Emperor Mummy shouts t SQUAD OF FIVE TERRA COTTA WARRIORS. The Warriors follow a the Emperor Mummy sweeps back towards the palace. INT. EMPEROR’S BEDCHAMBER - PALACE - DAY Dust clings to the giant brass lantern suspended from the ceiling and the silk curtains that drape the bed are now tatters. Lily struggles as Okumura straps her to a bedpos
149) 3) dialog: Lily, can you get us to the River of Spirits?
153) 1) dialog: (to Alex and Lily) Go ahead! Unlock the River! Don't worry about us. As Lily and Alex speed away, Rick returns fire...
155) 3) dialog: Keep your hands to yourself! Evy slams the bike into the Warrior's, forcing him to let Rick go. As Warrior #5 tries to regain control of his bik Evy races forward, SQUEEZE-SPARKS through the entrance a second before Alex and Lily roll the door into place. As Warrior #5 CRASHES into the slab in a CACOPHONY OF FIRE..
157) 4) dialog: Alex! Alex holds his bleeding hand over the altar.
157) 7) dialog: The five elements, of course. We need to place one in each bowl. O’ CONNELL Fan out. We don’t have much time.
159) 1) dialog: All we need is water! Alex retrieves a flask from the motorcycle. 112.
161) 1) dialog: In case we don’t make it, I just wanted you to know that I think you and Alex make a great couple.
161) 3) dialog: Call me Evy. (re: altar) Four down, one to go. Have you seen my ring? As they begin scouring the dirt... 113. RICK & ALEX -- duck behind a column as the orbs EXPLODE around them. Rick picks up a discarded torch. As the Emperor fires off a comet, Rick swings the metal rod like baseball bat and line-drives the comet back at the Empero Mummy. The EXPLOSION sends him crashing into a wall. O’ CONNELL EVY, WHAT’S THE HOLDUP?
161) 4) dialog: We don’t have any metal. I can’t find my ring.
166) 4) dialog: You know, there’s something about vanquishing the undead that I find incredibly romantic. 0’ CONNELL Me, too. Rick takes her in his arms and they kiss. Jonathan and Tequila look at the two couples and shake their heads.