28) 22) dialog: +.» So the entire oasis sank into the desert. I said that’s it, I’m done with Egypt. It’s off to the Orient to follow my true dream. And when that didn’t work out, I opened this nightclub. He raises his champagne flute in a toast.
28) 23) dialog: To Imhotep! (under his breath) May the bastard actually stay dead. 26. They’re about to clink when the whole place goes SILENT. Jonathan turns and sees a TRIO OF JAPANESE OFFICERS, lead MAJOR SUKI, striding towards a table of INTENSE CHINESE M The Major stares at the leader of the group, CHANG.
28) 27) dialog: Gentlemen, this club has a strict no-senseless-violence policy.
28) 29) dialog: I serve all kinds, including Japanese officers with no jurisdiction. He SNAPS his fingers, THREE GORGEOUS BARMAIDS step over.
28) 30) dialog: Now please enjoy my hospitality. As they lead the Japanese away, Jonathan addresses Chang.
28) 31) dialog: I think it’s time you found somewhere else for your little get-~ togethers, Chang. I’m a lover, not a fighter. As he turns back to the bar, Jonathan is slapped across t face. He stares in surprise at Evy.
28) 33) dialog: Alex is in China? 27. She slaps him again. O’ CONNELL You may want to rethink your answer.
28) 35) dialog: I tried reaching you in India. But I guess you were out gallivanting on elephants or whatever you do on a second honeymoon. How was it? 0’ CONNELL Crocodiles, slugs, secret temples, you know, the usual.
28) 36) dialog: Maybe you two should go on a package tour next time.
28) 38) dialog: (finally caving) Alex sent me a telegram six months ago. He told me he needed extra money for books and would I be a good uncle and wire it to him. The next thing I know he’s on my doorstep, said he had an opportunity of a lifetime. O’ CONNELL Which part of “world war” made you think that was a good idea?
28) 40) dialog: Don’t blame me, he’s your son, it’s not like you two have been role models for playing it safe. O’ CONNELL Where is he? 28. As Jonathan points upstairs and they head away, CAMERA FI Major Suki observing from a booth. OFF his face... INT. ALEX’S APARTMENT - NIGHT There’s a KNOCK at the door. Alex swings it open, reveali Lily. She steps in and is surprised to see a candlelit ta for two and a bottle of champagne in a bucket.
31) 0) text: Jonathan's custom-white, CHAUFFEUR-driven Bentley crawls through the colorful sea of market stalls and rickshaws.
32) 0) text: Jonathan is in front while Alex is squeezed between Rick Evy in the back. They’re dressed up for the big party. Ri rolls his eyes as an ELDERLY BICYCLIST passes them. O’ CONNELL It would have been faster going by rickshaw. Evy shoots him a look.
32) 8) dialog: The Japanese have been cracking down on the Chinese resistance, O’ CONNELL What will happen to them?
32) 9) dialog: Nobody knows, they just disappear.
34) 0) text: The landscaped compound sits behind 20-foot stone walls. Jonathan’s Bentley CRUNCHES to a stop in front of the Palladium-style Consulate. Rick, Evy, Alex and Jonathan s out. Rick is still rattled from the incident. 0’ CONNELL I still can’t believe we stood there and did nothing.
34) 2) dialog: They’ ve got their hands full with the Nazis. O’ CONNELL It’s wrong.
34) 4) dialog: I’ve memorized every inch of this beauty. One scratch and we’re going to have an international incident. 36.
35) 0) text: The Emperor's sarcophagus lies on the back of the horse-d chariot Alex discovered in the crypt. It’s being guarded THREE BRITISH SOLDIERS and sits under the room’s glass do A MILITARY BAND plays and the EXPAT CROWD is served by ELEGANT CHINESE HOSTESSES. As Rick, Evy and Alex make the way through, Alex sees Jonathan ducking away.
35) 2) dialog: I’ve seen enough mummies to last a lifetime, but I never tire of a well-stocked bar. They step to the sarcophagus. Evy is captivated.
39) 0) text: BOOOOOOM! A cascade of fireworks EXPLODES overhead. Alex heads through the crowd, spots Jonathan.
39) 2) dialog: You know them, they’re probably in some quiet’ corner snogging. Alex smiles, then sees Lily heading for the Rotunda. As h follows after her...
50) 0) text: Jonathan looks around, irritated.
50) 1) dialog: Where the hell is everybody? He’s crossing back to the house when the chariot powers through the French doors in an EXPLOSION of wood and glas Jonathan dives free and stares at the Emperor Mummy, who’ holding the reins, as the chariot barrels past. 47.
50) 2) dialog: Oh no. Not again. Terrified GUESTS scatter as the four bronze horses stampe across the perfectly manicured lawn. The chariot’s two-fo wheel spikes amputate the legs off a row of statues. Then Jonathan sees the chariot is headed for a row of parked c His Bentley is smack in the middle!
50) 3) dialog: Watch out for.... He winces as the horses SMASH right over it, their metall hooves trampling it to the ground.
50) 4) dialog: .«.. my beautiful, brand-new Bentley. A canvas-roof truck SKIDS to a stop next to him. Evy is behind the wheel. Rick leans out of the back. 0’ CONNELL Get in! We have to save Alex. Before he can protest, Rick yanks him into the truck. As takes off in pursuit, we see the words “DRAGON FIREWORKS SHANGHAI” painted on the truck’s back-flap.
51) 0) text: It’s like a demolition derby. The chariot destroys everything in its path. Rickshaws, bicycles and market stalls are SMASHED to smithereens. It plows through an op air restaurant, sending CUSTOMERS scrambling. EVY -- turns on her wipers as a deluge of chop suey and dumplings splatters across the windshield. RICK AND JONATHAN -- are jackhammered around in the back. Jonathan RANTS as Rick searches crates of fireworks.
51) 1) dialog: God! You two are like mummy magnets. 48. Rick hands him a fat-ass rocket. 0’ CONNELL Aim for the Emperor. We can still shatter him. Rick RIPS a section of the canvas away, giving him a view over the cab. He ignites the end of a firework and aims i at the chariot like a shoulder-held rocket launcher.
53) 0) text: Jonathan grabs the biggest firework. It’s a four-foot monster. He lights the fuse and heaves it onto his should
53) 1) dialog: Let slip the dogs of war! KABOOOOOOOOM! The concussive force sends Jonathan flying back. The rocket SCREAMS down the street, misses the chariot, and impacts with a parked car, causing it to EXPLODE. The flaming vehicle is launched 10 feet into the air and flips as it crashes into the road right in front
55) 0) text: Rick pops his head out and stares down over the rooftops is surprised to see they’ve pulled ahead of the chariot that’s charging down the street below. As the truck sweep past a house that’s under construction, Rick gets an idea 0’ CONNELL Stop the truck! Evy hits the brakes, sending Jonathan flying onto his ass ‘again. Rick dives off and grabs a bicycle that’s leaning against a wall. He shouts back to Evy. OQ’ CONNELL Keep going! Jonathan climbs into the front as she takes off.
58) 0) text: The chariot is hurtling when the fireworks truck SKID-TUR around a corner. Jonathan leans out, gun BLAZING. Okumura RETURNS FIRE. One of his rounds SHATTERS the truck’s windshield and RIPS through the partition and into...
66) 0) text: Evy and Jonathan watch as the chariot SLAMS onto the ice.
66) 1) dialog: Bloody hell, how did he do that?
70) 0) text: The junk sails into the mist as Evy and Jonathan look out into the dark water, distraught.
70) 7) dialog: Come on, undead on the loose. Chop. Chop. As Rick and Evy climb in, Alex pulls Lily aside.
73) 17) dialog: Where exactly does one go to attain immortality? Evy puts the pieces together.
73) 19) dialog: Is this Eye some sort of map?
73) 22) dialog: This family’s never met a legend that wasn’t true. (beat) Where exactly is this Temple?
73) 32) dialog: Or we could all die a horrible frozen death.
73) 41) dialog: Yak wine? That’s wrong in so many ways. Rick passes a scorched chest and hears a WHEEZING noise. puts up his hand and they all stop. He pulls his gun, swi open the chest, causing a TIBETAN MONK to tumble out alon with two dozen empty goat-bladder flasks. This is TEQUILA 0’ CONNELL Looks like they missed one.
73) 45) dialog: Gives new meaning to “cold turkey”. O’ CONNELL Ask him if he can lead us over the Devil’s Gorge? Lily translates.
73) 48) dialog: For God’s sake, Rick, he’s a holy man. He can’t be bribed. Tequila greedily snatches the cash, says something to Lil
74) 7) dialog: That stuff’s not bad. (puckering lips) Once you get used to the vomit-like aftertaste. Jonathan hands back the flask and steps to Rick. Tequila attempts to take a drink, but finds the flask is empty. A he angrily tosses the flask into the fire... O’ CONNELL Jonathan, you take the first watch.
74) 8) dialog: Don’t worry, Tequila’s got it covered. Rick looks over and sees Tequila with his eyes closed. O’ CONNELL Looks like he’s sleeping. 64.
74) 9) dialog: He’s in a very deep state of meditation. If you approach, he’11 spring into action, he’s got the reflexes of a tiger. Trust me, we couldn’t be in safer hands. As they head into their respective tents, CAMERA STAYS ON TEQUILA. As he begins to SNORE... INT. RICK & ALEX’S TENT - NIGHT Alex is practicing his gun-drawing technique with his sha
79) 0) text: Rick and Alex sit in the bow, furiously turning the handl of a set of wooden winches. Evy, Lily, Jonathan and Tequi sit behind them with their weight evenly dispersed.
79) 1) dialog: Come on, lads, put your backs into it. We haven’t got all day. Rick and Alex exchange a look. O’ CONNELL It would be a lot easier if we had one less passenger. Jonathan turns away, chastised. He looks over the side an peers through a patch of torn clouds and sees that the va 3,000 feet below is covered with evil-looking stalagmites
79) 2) dialog: Why don’t I give you boys a hand. 68. As he makes his way to the front of the gondola, there’s horrible snap. All look up as the rope BREAKS and the gondola plummets into the clouds.
79) 3) dialog: We’re all going to... The gondola smacks down on the very edge of the gorge. It teeters for a moment, then dips forward and surfs down th mountain,
79) 4) dialog: -+- Giiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiie!
82) 0) text: As the wind WASHES across the skull walls, it creates a GHOSTLY WHISPERING sound. Rick, Evy, Jonathan, Alex and L are positioned along the balcony overlooking the entrance their weapons trained on the Emperor Mummy. Tequila sits a corner, madly spinning a handheld prayer wheel, as Rick gives the signal and they OPEN FIRE! CAMERA FOLLOWS a line of bullets. As they SPIRAL towards Emperor Mummy, the gravel in front of him springs up and forms a tight, defensive wall which absorbs the DEAFENING assault. As their guns RATTLE empty, the O’Connells peer through the smoke and look at the wall in shock. 0’ CONNELL There’s a neat trick. The Emperor SNAPS his fingers, causing the gravel wall to split apart and rocket towards the Temple. They dive for cover as the fury of granite projectiles EXPLODES through skull walls in an ecstasy of shattered bone and teeth. As they scramble up, Alex looks around and realizes Lily’s g
84) 0) text: Rods of light cut through the riddled walls as Rick, Evy, Alex and Jonathan barrel towards the back door. Before th reach it, the door flies open and THREE JAPANESE SOLDIERS stride in. Our heroes spin back just as the Emperor Mummy and Okumura sweep in. Rick and the others drop their guns and put up their hands in surrender.
84) 2) dialog: What on God’s earth is that?
88) 0) text: The tidal wave of snow washes overhead as the Yeti, clutc Rick and Alex, hits the ground. Jonathan and Tequila aren so lucky, they stare in horror.
88) 1) dialog: Oh dea--/Holy shi-- Their cries are lost as they are caught up in the torrent
90) 1) dialog: Well done, you big ugly brute. A St. Bernard couldn’t have done better. Although I don’t suppose you come with one of those little barrels of brandy, do you? The Yeti SNARLS and drops them. They pick themselves up a race to Evy and Lily, who climb out the front door. Evy s Rick cradling Alex; horrified, she runs over. He’s deathl pale and a circle of blood stains the snow. O’ CONNELL Come on, Alex! Say something! Alex looks up weakly.
92) 7) dialog: This place makes Hamunaptra look like a piggy bank.
92) 9) dialog: Now this is more like it. AN OMINOUS GONG booms across the valley.
93) 4) dialog: You’ve got quite a place here, (as Evy elbows him) But I’m sure you already knew that.
106) 0) text: Jonathan and Tequila are wrapped in towels, lying side by side, getting massages from a QUARTET OF STUNNING GIRLS.
106) 1) dialog: Now this is what I call paradise. 87. Suddenly, the shutters blow open and their breath fogs.
106) 2) dialog: Is it me or did it just get chilly? They peer out the window and see a wave of ice sheeting o across the valley from the mouth of the cavern.
107) 0) text: Terrified RESIDENTS run in panic as Jonathan and Tequila burst out, half naked. They struggle to put on their clot as they race over to Alex.
107) 2) dialog: Where are your parents when we need them? (realizing) Oh God, I hope nothing’s happened--
110) 0) text: Alex and the gang run with a THRONG through the trees. Suddenly, the crowd suffers the same fate as the warriors the opening and turn to terra cotta. As the path opens on a waterfall, Jonathan stops, untouched by the curse.
110) 1) dialog: Why didn’t we turn into lawn ornaments?
112) 4) dialog: Exactly how far is the Emperor’s palace?
112) 6) dialog: Perfect, so if we don’t die of frost bite, we should be there sometime next year. A BUZZING SOUND ECHOES.
112) 7) dialog: Hopefully, that’s a herd of Yeti to the rescue. 91. As the sound GROWS LOUDER, Alex shouts...
113) 0) text: Alex, Jonathan and Tequila cautiously creep up to the edg and peer down into the valley. Alex catches sight of Lily she disappears up the gangplank of the plane.
115) 0) text: The Soldiers put the cauldrons down. They’re catching the breath when Rick erupts out of a cauldron in an explosion coins and fists. He punches out two of the Soldiers and grabs their guns as they crumble. Then Evy and Alex burst and punch out another two Soldiers. However, the last two Soldiers swing up their weapons. A tense stand-off. Of CONNELL Now would be a good time, Jonathan. Jonathan pops out of a cauldron behind the Soldiers, brandishing a jewelled scepter, and takes them both out.
115) 1) dialog: The old Ali Baba trick, works every time. : O’ CONNELL Where the hell were you?
115) 2) dialog: (re: scepter) Sorry, got a little distracted.
119) 0) text: Tequila is drinking sake while Jonathan is conferring wit the Pilot in pigeon Japanese. Rick enters.
119) 1) dialog: My Japanese is a little rough, but he says we’re not far from the Emperor’s palace. 93. O’ CONNELL Don’t take your eyes off him. Jonathan awkwardly holds up his gun.
119) 2) dialog: He’s going to feel my gaze boring into the back of his head. Rick steps back into...
121) 2) dialog: (to Pilot) Hey, no funny business. When he nudges him with the gun, the Pilot slumps back, revealing the dagger protruding from his chest.
121) 3) dialog: Bloody hell, he’s stabbed himself!
121) 7) dialog: That’s crazy! The honorable thing to do is to land the plane first, then kill yourself. Rick pushes the dead Pilot out of the chair. As he takes controls, the steering column comes off in his hands. 0’ CONNELL Okay, this isn’t good. They hear a WHISTLE, turn and find Evy holding a parachut 0’ CONNELL Do we have enough?
121) 11) dialog: Tequila’s a little nervous, you three go first. Rick looks at Jonathan, suspicious. 0’ CONNELL (re: cauldrons) Jonathan, no gold.
121) 12) dialog: Perish the thought. He waits as Rick, Evy and Alex jump from the plane.
121) 13) dialog: We’re just going to take a few souvenirs for the road. 96. He drags Tequila over to a cauldron and stuffs gold coins handfuls of jewels into his pockets. Finally, he grabs th scepter in one hand and a gold Buddha statue in the other Tequila shoots him an angry look.
121) 14) dialog: What? This one’s for you. Before he can get his hands on anything else, the plane lurches, sending the duo tumbling out the door.
122) 0) text: They spin into the darkness. Jonathan tries to pull the cord, but can’t reach it because his hands are full.
122) 1) dialog: Pull the cord!
122) 4) dialog: 
122) 7) dialog: DON’T POINT! PULL! As the plane careens towards them, Tequila SCREAMS.
122) 8) dialog: For God’s sake, hold these! He thrusts the treasure into Tequila’s hands and pulls th cord. As the parachute sprouts open, they are violently jerked up, missing the propeller by a hair. 97. Tequila drops the treasure as he SCREAMS. They finally stabilize and watch the plane EXPLODE into the desert bel
122) 9) dialog: Well, that was a close shave. Tequila shakes his head.
126) 0) text: .«-- who puts the throttle into “full open”, chains the “reverser”, and jumps free as the train GRINDS into motio EXT. DESERT — DAY As the train pulls away, Rick, Evy, Alex, Jonathan and Tequila are revealed crouching on the other side. O’ CONNELL (to Evy) You and Alex warn the slaves. (to Jonathan & Tequila) We’1l get to the engine car. Using the steam as camouflage, they clamber onto the trai
127) 0) text: The train THUNDERS across the desolate landscape. GO WIDE REVEAL it’s speeding for the decimated railroad bridge. A Rick, Jonathan and Tequila head across the carriages to t engine car, Evy and Alex run the other way to the slave c 99.
129) 0) text: The train is picking up speed as Rick leaps from a carria onto the coal car. Jonathan and Tequila follow. Tequila loses his balance on the loose coal. Rick is oblivious as Jonathan struggles to pull Tequila back on.
130) 0) text: Rick swings in, pulls his gun, BLASTS the chain off the “reverser”, and slams the throttle onto “BRAKE”. CLOSE ON WHEELS: As they SPARK across the gleaming tracks The bridge is coming up fast. 50 feet. 40 feet. 30 feet. Jonathan’s still trying to pull up Tequila.
130) 1) dialog: Don’t worry, little buddy.
132) 0) text: Rick grits his teeth as the behemoth sweeps onto the brid and crawls to a stop an inch from the twisted end of the track. OFF Jonathan yanking Tequila back up...
136) 0) text: ... Rick, Jonathan and Tequila are crouched. Rick fires h machine gun at the tank of a fuel truck parked near the tracks. It DETONATES, setting off a CHAIN REACTION OF EXPLOSIONS. Japanese Soldiers flail as they are consumed. TWO JEEPS burst through the fireball and power onto the tracks in front of the train. The SOLDIERS OPEN FIRE but jump as they realize the train isn’t stopping. Jonathan a Tequila cower as the train plows through the vehicles whi EXPLODE, sending fiery tongues of flame into the engine c
138) 4) dialog: Wait! Where are you two going? Rick hands Jonathan and Tequila machine guns. O’ CONNELL Stop the Mummy, rescue our son and save the world. OFF Jonathan’s alarm as Rick and Evy jump off the train..
141) 0) text: Jonathan and Tequila are helping the Slaves out of the tr when the Warriors’ BATTLE CRY echoes across the desert.
141) 1) dialog: Everybody onto the Wall! Chang makes his way through the throng.
141) 3) dialog: Not today. They smile, then scramble up onto the Wall.
144) 0) text: Jonathan and Tequila look out as the army swarms across t desert, cutting down the last of the Japanese Soldiers.
144) 1) dialog: We’re sitting ducks up here. How are we going to hold back an army of marauding mummies without any weapons? A BANGING SOUND echoes. Jonathan turns in surprise and se Chang and his men using a makeshift battering ram to SMAS down the door of one the Wall’s turrets.
145) 0) text: Jonathan and Tequila burst inside and are stunned to see place is stacked, wall to wall, with every kind of ancien weapon. Spears, crossbows, miniature cannons, etc. As the slaves arm themselves, Jonathan turns to Chang, amazed.
145) 1) dialog: Who the hell put these in here?
145) 3) dialog: Score one for Chinese superstition. 105.
154) 0) text: Jonathan, Tequila and the slave army watch anxiously as t terra cotta Warriors charge towards them. Chang chooses h moment, then signals...
160) 0) text: Tequila and Jonathan stand with the monks, firing futilel the terra cotta Warriors scrambling up the walls like insects. As they duck to reload, Jonathan turns to Tequil
160) 1) dialog: I think it’s time for a prayer.
160) 3) dialog: Amen to that, brother.
162) 0) text: The terra-cotta Warriors are about to crest the Wall when Army of Spirits washes over the Wall like a tidal wave, overwhelming the Warriors in seconds. The Workers CHEER a Jonathan and Tequila hug as the Spirits fly into the heav finally liberated.
166) 5) dialog: Get a room/Get a room. CAMERA SWEEPS OVER the Wall of overjoyed Slaves, SOARS UP over the war-torn desert, and finally MELTS into the suns FADE OUT.