0) 1) dialog: His thirst for power was unquenchable and his army was a merciless killing machine. He vowed not to rest until he had conquered the entire world. As the Emperor is paraded past, the soldiers bow on one k
1) 1) dialog: He forced his vanquished enemies to construct a great wall which he built over the blighted River of Spirits. THOUSANDS OF SLAVES haul blocks into place over a snaking riverbed that is thickly carpeted with skeletons and skul 2. KEEP PULLING UP over the partially completed Great Wall o China as the image MORPHS into a 20x20 map of the ancient world. It sits on the floor of...
2) 1) dialog: As the years wore on, the Emperor realized that the world was too big to conquer in his lifetime. Frustrated, the Emperor grabs a sword and sweeps off the model battalions that are spread out across the map.
2) 2) dialog: He had to overcome the one enemy that no man had defeated -- death itself.
3) 1) dialog: He summoned all the mystics, alchemists and wizards in his kingdom and commanded them to find the answer to eternal life. CAMERA RESTS ON the face of a SHRIVELED OLD SHAMAN as he reacts to the request with fearful trepidation.
4) 1) dialog: They taught him mastery of the five elements -- fire, water, earth, metal and stone -- but the mystery of immortality still eluded him. The Emperor conjures a blue flame in his palm.
4) 2) dialog: The Emperor had almost given up hope when he learned of a priestess named Zohora who was versed in the secret languages of antiquity.
5) 1) dialog: He sent Sun Tzu, his most trusted General, to find her. The towering doors open and a BATTERY OF WARRIORS canters on horseback. They are lead by a General, whose striking good looks are etched with nobility. This is SUN TZU.
8) 1) dialog: The Emperor gave Zohora access to his vast library.
9) 1) dialog: She spent her days studying the ancient texts and her nights...
12) 6) dialog: He ordered Sun Tzu to retrieve the book. Zohora drops to her knees in front of Sun Tzu and begs.
12) 7) dialog: But Zohora pleaded that she should go in his place. Egyptian tombs are deadly traps and, without knowledge of their hieroglyphics, he would face certain death. The Emperor considers her request, unsheathes a dragon-h dagger which he holds to Sun Tzu’s heart.
12) 8) dialog: The Emperor gave her ninety moons to return or he would execute her lover. Sun Tzu and Zohora exchange desperate glances.
13) 1) dialog: Zohora headed west... Zohora rides like the wind. She spurs her horse up over a dune, revealing the GREAT PYRAMIDS OF GIZA flickering lik mirage. She powers into the blistering heat.
14) 1) dialog: ++. to the city of Hamunaptra, resting place of Imhotep and sanctuary of the fabled Book of the Dead. TWO MUMIA are sitting by a campfire, guarding the entranc when -- PHHHT! PHHHT! Two bamboo blow-darts hit their necks. As they slump, unconscious, Zohora is revealed. Sh searches their pockets and retrieves the PUZZLE BOX KEY ( the first “Mummy” movie). As she flowers it open...
14) 3) dialog: Not wishing to incur the wrath of the great god Anubis, Zohora fashioned a copy of the sacred text in terra cotta. Under Anubis’ watchful gaze, Zohora mixes a thick clay.
15) 1) dialog: She xode day and night, determined no harm would come to Sun Tzu. Zohora rides across the desert, immune to the scorching s Silhouetted against the moon, she plows across the Himala Her face is a mask of determination as she races along th Great Wall, sending WORKERS scattering.
16) 1) dialog: She returned to the palace on the eve of the eighty-ninth day. A snowstorm swirls as Zohora bursts through the gates and rides past the legions of warriors who are training in th massive courtyard.
17) 1) dialog: The Emperor was so pleased that he rewarded Zohora with a gift. The Emperor’s Eunuch, Fu, steps forward, holding a lavish carved lapis box. JZohora tentatively opens the lid and r back when she sees SUN TZU’S HEAD. His glassy eyes stare
17) 3) dialog: He ordered her to read from the Book and make him immortal. But she refused. Enraged, the Emperor plunges the dragon-hilted dagger int her side. As she drops to her knees, the Book falls open Zohora WHISPERS an ancient Egyptian incantation.
18) 1) dialog: She rode off into the night and was never seen again. Snow PINGS off the warriors as CAMERA SWEEPS UP OVER thei heads and INTO the window of...
19) 2) dialog: The people believed that if the Emperor awoke, he would raise his army and finish his crusade to enslave the world. KEEP PUSHING until THE SCREEN IS ENGULFED IN BLACKNESS an the only sound is EERIE WHISTLING SILENCE.
19) 3) dialog: For two millennia, they laid forgotten under the sands of time until... SUPERIMPOSED across the SCREEN are the words: CHINA - 194 A shaft of light cuts through the blackness and