23) 0) text: Rick and Evy trundle through the sweltering odyssey of decrepit traffic, market stalls and cows. 0’ CONNELL I still can’t believe you talked me into spying for the British Government.
23) 3) text: Rick, what did you do? Rick grins mischievously. Of CONNELL Played a little poker with the Defense Minister’s brother and let him win occasionally. According to him, Okumura claims to have access to a doomsday weapon. 17. Evy’s instantly intrigued.
24) 0) text: Rick and Evy head into the miraculous domed interior.
25) 0) text: Rick and Evy hustle in, then stop in their tracks. There’ no sign of Okumura and there’s no exit. O’ CONNELL One way in and no way out. The walls are covered with marble reliefs of Indian wildl Elephants, monkeys, tigers and peacocks. They push and pr at the menagerie. Evy sighs in frustration. 18.
26) 0) text: Old brass lanterns illuminate the network of Moorish corridors and hallways. Rick and Evy come to a recently excavated hole in the floor. Distant VOICES echo from bel Rick drops a stone into the darkness and hears it SPLAT. O’ CONNELL Sounds soft. After you. Evy takes a breath, then drops in feet first. Rick follow
28) 0) text: Tiny oil 1 amps flicker in thousands of niches dug out of the walls. Rick stifles A YELP as he stubs his bare foot on t tail of a He glances 20-foot croc. O’ CONNELL No gun, no shoes and we’re walking across a bunch of alligators. Who stays up at night and thinks of this stuff?
28) 5) dialog: one of its gemstone. Sikhs stand guard at the base. watches the duo clamber up the silver behemoth. -- reach the top of the statue. Evy waits behind 6-foot ears while Rick reaches for the giant He almost topples as he wrestles it free, hands the stone to Evy. As she examines it, her brow furrows. 21.
28) 8) dialog: try to keep their balance but tumble off. As they plunge towards the pit, Rick drops the diamond but manages to ca hold of one of the statue’s eight arms. He reaches out an grabs Evy’s hand as she falls past him. As they dangle, R sees a sword sweep towards Evy. A second before
31) 0) text: Jonathan's custom-white, CHAUFFEUR-driven Bentley crawls through the colorful sea of market stalls and rickshaws.
32) 0) text: Jonathan is in front while Alex is squeezed between Rick Evy in the back. They’re dressed up for the big party. Ri rolls his eyes as an ELDERLY BICYCLIST passes them. O’ CONNELL It would have been faster going by rickshaw. Evy shoots him a look.
32) 6) text: Alex tries to let Rick down gently.
33) 0) text: As the Soldier swings back his arm again, his baton is whipped out of his hand. The Soldier spins and finds Rick O’ CONNELL You want a fair fight, how about taking a swing at me? The Soldier levels his gun and starts YELLING at Rick. Al races over, tries to calm the situation as other Japanese Soldiers circle. 35.
34) 0) text: The landscaped compound sits behind 20-foot stone walls. Jonathan’s Bentley CRUNCHES to a stop in front of the Palladium-style Consulate. Rick, Evy, Alex and Jonathan s out. Rick is still rattled from the incident. 0’ CONNELL I still can’t believe we stood there and did nothing.
35) 0) text: The Emperor's sarcophagus lies on the back of the horse-d chariot Alex discovered in the crypt. It’s being guarded THREE BRITISH SOLDIERS and sits under the room’s glass do A MILITARY BAND plays and the EXPAT CROWD is served by ELEGANT CHINESE HOSTESSES. As Rick, Evy and Alex make the way through, Alex sees Jonathan ducking away.
37) 0) text: Rick and Evy follow the Hostess through the crowd. She le them into a hall just as the BRITISH CONSUL hushes the cr
38) 0) text: As the last guest heads outside, THREE HOSTESSES lock the doors. They smile flirtatiously at the three Soldiers . guarding the chariot, then in a blur of hands expertly hu throwing stars at them. The Soldiers drop to the marble, dead, just as Okumura and Willoughby lead Rick and Evy in
43) 0) text: PUSH IN ON EVY as she reads from the terra cotta Book of Dead. The ancient Egyptian incantation echoes and firewor wash everything in eerie Technicolor. PUSH IN ON RICK as a fierce wind whips and the Emperor Mu is cocooned in CRACKLING tongues of white hot energy. PUSH IN ON OKUMURA AND WILLOUGHBY watching in awe as the spectacle reaches a crescendo, then subsides. Okumura and Willoughby step forward expectantly, but the Emperor does move. He looks glossy and wet like a newly molded statue.
47) 0) text: ... misses Okumura by a mile, ricochets off the bronze chariot, PINGS against the chandelier, before SHATTERING nose of the Emperor Mummy clean off. As maggots writhe ou through the stub, Evy turns to Rick.
51) 0) text: It’s like a demolition derby. The chariot destroys everything in its path. Rickshaws, bicycles and market stalls are SMASHED to smithereens. It plows through an op air restaurant, sending CUSTOMERS scrambling. EVY -- turns on her wipers as a deluge of chop suey and dumplings splatters across the windshield. RICK AND JONATHAN -- are jackhammered around in the back. Jonathan RANTS as Rick searches crates of fireworks.
55) 0) text: Rick pops his head out and stares down over the rooftops is surprised to see they’ve pulled ahead of the chariot that’s charging down the street below. As the truck sweep past a house that’s under construction, Rick gets an idea 0’ CONNELL Stop the truck! Evy hits the brakes, sending Jonathan flying onto his ass ‘again. Rick dives off and grabs a bicycle that’s leaning against a wall. He shouts back to Evy. OQ’ CONNELL Keep going! Jonathan climbs into the front as she takes off.
56) 0) text: Rick leaps onto the bike, pedals furiously towards the construction site, rides up a wooden plank and onto the r Now, he careens down the tiled rooftops, flies right over alley, traverses a courtyard. Finally, he powers down a long, sloping roof. He uses it like a half-pipe, launches himself up over the street just as
57) 0) text: A parade is in full swing. A 60-MAN ceremonial dragon is weaving its way down the packed street. DRUMMERS pound an strings of red firecrackers BANG! Rick’s horse “dissects” the dragon in three, plows through the drummers, then lea over the heads of the COWERING CROWD and into an alley.
63) 0) text: Alex has just about pried the lid open when Lily tumbles top of him and the lid SLAMS shut with awful finality. EXT. ALLEY ~— SHANGHAI - NIGHT Lines of wet laundry whip Rick’s face as the horse careen down the cobbles. He desperately pulls on the reins, tryi to get it under control. He yanks a pair of bloomers off face and sees he’s headed straight for a -- DEAD END!
64) 1) dialog: burst into view. Rick looks back at Evy and Jonathan, can believe he made it. They point, only when Rick swings bac does he see that the horse’s head has been ripped clean o As more BULLETS fly, Rick grabs the reins. Without its he it actually seems to respond.
68) 0) text: The chariot speeds towaxds Okumura’s junk, which is sitti in the middle of the frozen river. Rick has almost pulled alongside, he takes aim and BLASTS the bolt attaching the sarcophagus carriage to the chariot. As the sarcophagus carriage spins across the ice, the Emp Mummy swerves into Rick’s path. The chariot’s foot-long wheel-spikes SPARK-SLICE through the horse’s metal legs. the horse buckles over onto the ice and shatters apart, R is violently catapulted free. The chariot pulls up next to the junk, Okumura climbs onboard followed by the Emperor Mummy, who waves his hand across the river, causing the ice to melt. As the ice mel from under it, the carriage plunges into...
79) 0) text: Rick and Alex sit in the bow, furiously turning the handl of a set of wooden winches. Evy, Lily, Jonathan and Tequi sit behind them with their weight evenly dispersed.
82) 0) text: As the wind WASHES across the skull walls, it creates a GHOSTLY WHISPERING sound. Rick, Evy, Jonathan, Alex and L are positioned along the balcony overlooking the entrance their weapons trained on the Emperor Mummy. Tequila sits a corner, madly spinning a handheld prayer wheel, as Rick gives the signal and they OPEN FIRE! CAMERA FOLLOWS a line of bullets. As they SPIRAL towards Emperor Mummy, the gravel in front of him springs up and forms a tight, defensive wall which absorbs the DEAFENING assault. As their guns RATTLE empty, the O’Connells peer through the smoke and look at the wall in shock. 0’ CONNELL There’s a neat trick. The Emperor SNAPS his fingers, causing the gravel wall to split apart and rocket towards the Temple. They dive for cover as the fury of granite projectiles EXPLODES through skull walls in an ecstasy of shattered bone and teeth. As they scramble up, Alex looks around and realizes Lily’s g
84) 0) text: Rods of light cut through the riddled walls as Rick, Evy, Alex and Jonathan barrel towards the back door. Before th reach it, the door flies open and THREE JAPANESE SOLDIERS stride in. Our heroes spin back just as the Emperor Mummy and Okumura sweep in. Rick and the others drop their guns and put up their hands in surrender.
86) 0) text: Rick grins up at his furry savior. 0’ CONNELL I owe you one, buddy. Rick scrambles over to Evy, who is coming around.
88) 0) text: The tidal wave of snow washes overhead as the Yeti, clutc Rick and Alex, hits the ground. Jonathan and Tequila aren so lucky, they stare in horror.
91) 0) text: Waterfalls cascade as far as the eye can see. The party i escorted by four Yeti while the one carrying Alex leads t way. Rick steps to Lily’s side, looks at his son. . O’ CONNELL How’s he doing? Lily CLUCKS to the Yeti carrying Alex. It CLUCKS back.
102) 0) text: Rick and Evy step out from behind the THUNDERING cascade are greeted by TWO YETI GUARDS. As one leads Rick and Evy the path snow begins to swirl. Rick looks up as the sun i smothered by black storm clouds. OFF this ominous portent
104) 0) text: Snow is coming down thick and fast. A bitter wind WAILS. Rick and Evy struggle through the blizzard when the Yeti walking in front of them is suddenly yanked into the snow Rick spins back, catches a glimpse of the Emperor Mummy a Okumura. As he races towards them, “snow arms” burst up a wrap around his legs. As he is dragged down, Rick grabs t
109) 0) text: Rick and Evy race through the blinding snow and arrive at entrance to Shangri-La, but find the Yeti Guard dead and waterfall frozen solid, 89.
109) 1) dialog: We’ re too late! Evy pounds on the solid ice curtain, grief stricken.
113) 2) dialog: 
115) 0) text: The Soldiers put the cauldrons down. They’re catching the breath when Rick erupts out of a cauldron in an explosion coins and fists. He punches out two of the Soldiers and grabs their guns as they crumble. Then Evy and Alex burst and punch out another two Soldiers. However, the last two Soldiers swing up their weapons. A tense stand-off. Of CONNELL Now would be a good time, Jonathan. Jonathan pops out of a cauldron behind the Soldiers, brandishing a jewelled scepter, and takes them both out.
116) 0) text: The PILOT is checking the gauges when the nose of a machi gun digs into his neck. PULL BACK TO REVEAL RICK. O’ CONNELL Change of flight plan.
119) 0) text: Tequila is drinking sake while Jonathan is conferring wit the Pilot in pigeon Japanese. Rick enters.
121) 0) text: Rick grabs binoculars and looks out the window. WHAT HE SEES: A fireball consuming a railroad bridge that _ traverses a wide desert chasm. As the bridge collapses. The Pilot uses the distraction to surreptitiously reach u his seat and unsheathe a razor-sharp dagger. 0’ CONNELL Looks like a railroad bridge. Guess they don’t want anyone gatecrashing the palace. The plane tilts.
123) 0) text: Rick, Evy and the Gang crawl to the crest of a ridge and stare in shock at what lies below. WHAT THEY SEE: The Emperor Mummy’s palace. LEGIONS OF SLA WORKERS have almost completely excavated it. The army of 100,000 terra cotta Warriors gleams in the early morning sunlight while the Great Wall looms in the distance.
126) 0) text: .«-- who puts the throttle into “full open”, chains the “reverser”, and jumps free as the train GRINDS into motio EXT. DESERT — DAY As the train pulls away, Rick, Evy, Alex, Jonathan and Tequila are revealed crouching on the other side. O’ CONNELL (to Evy) You and Alex warn the slaves. (to Jonathan & Tequila) We’1l get to the engine car. Using the steam as camouflage, they clamber onto the trai
127) 0) text: The train THUNDERS across the desolate landscape. GO WIDE REVEAL it’s speeding for the decimated railroad bridge. A Rick, Jonathan and Tequila head across the carriages to t engine car, Evy and Alex run the other way to the slave c 99.
129) 0) text: The train is picking up speed as Rick leaps from a carria onto the coal car. Jonathan and Tequila follow. Tequila loses his balance on the loose coal. Rick is oblivious as Jonathan struggles to pull Tequila back on.
130) 0) text: Rick swings in, pulls his gun, BLASTS the chain off the “reverser”, and slams the throttle onto “BRAKE”. CLOSE ON WHEELS: As they SPARK across the gleaming tracks The bridge is coming up fast. 50 feet. 40 feet. 30 feet. Jonathan’s still trying to pull up Tequila.
132) 0) text: Rick grits his teeth as the behemoth sweeps onto the brid and crawls to a stop an inch from the twisted end of the track. OFF Jonathan yanking Tequila back up...
136) 0) text: ... Rick, Jonathan and Tequila are crouched. Rick fires h machine gun at the tank of a fuel truck parked near the tracks. It DETONATES, setting off a CHAIN REACTION OF EXPLOSIONS. Japanese Soldiers flail as they are consumed. TWO JEEPS burst through the fireball and power onto the tracks in front of the train. The SOLDIERS OPEN FIRE but jump as they realize the train isn’t stopping. Jonathan a Tequila cower as the train plows through the vehicles whi EXPLODE, sending fiery tongues of flame into the engine c
138) 0) text: Rick is about to get up when GUNFIRE sparks. The train is being chased by TWO SOLDIERS on motorcycles. He RETURNS FIRE, sending both vehicles cartwheeling into the air. Unseen by Rick, another SOLDIER zooms up on the other sid The Soldier has him in his sights when he is blown away! Rick turns as Evy swings into view, her machine gun smoki 101. 0’ CONNELL Not bad for a librarian.
142) 0) text: A JAPANESE SOLDIER has his back to the CAMERA, peeing. As zips up and turns around, the butt of a machine gun smack him in the face. As he drops unconscious, REVEAL Rick. He plucks a set of keys from the Soldier's pocket and steps Evy, who is waiting by the guy’s motorcycle, 0’ CONNELL You wanna drive?
146) 0) text: Rick and Evy are halfway across the vast expanse of stone when the Emperor Mummy sweeps through the gates with his Warriors. The Emperor Mummy’s mouth distends and he unleashes an 80-FOOT JET OF FLAME. Rick looks back as the tongue of fire forms into a roaring dragon’s head. 0’ CONNELL Step on it, Evy, I think we’re really starting to piss him off. As the dragon “snaps” at Rick’s back, Evy powers up the palace steps and skid-turns through the doors.
149) 0) text: «+. they’re sprinting down the passage when they hear the SOUND of a motorcycle. They spin just as Warrior #1 power into view. As he speeds towards them, Lily spin-kicks him off the bike in an incredible martial-arts move. Warrior tumbles across the floor while his motorcycle skid-slides a stop. Warrior #1 springs back to his feet, draws his sword, stalks towards them just as Evy and Rick SCREECH around the other corner and SMASH through him like a pina Evy smokes the bike to a stop in front of Alex and Lily.
151) 0) text: Lily and Alex are leading the way while Rick and Evy foll right behind. As they speed through a doorway, they’re intercepted by Warriors #2 and #3 on motorcycles. As Warrior #2 powers forward, Rick UNLOADS his machine gu and blows the Warrior’s head clean off, sending the headl Warrior into a wooden column. Evy follows Lily, with Warr #3 in hot pursuit. As Lily darts her bike into...
153) 0) text: Lily and Evy flash on their headlights, revealing a slopi carved-out space. Rick and Alex’s MACHINE-GUN FIRE strobe the blackness as Warrior #3 follows. Suddenly, the bikes catch air. Rick and Alex hold on as they touch down on a giant staircase. Evy and Lily don’t slow as they speed do the stairs, headed towards the 108. TUNNEL BELOW. Ignoring the bone-jarring ride, Rick FIRES blindly at War #3 and blows out his front tire, causing Warrior #3 to be catapulted off his bike. Warrior #3 somersaults over thei heads and lands at the base of the stairs. As he struggle up, Evy and Lily power the bikes right over him. His dama bike follows, SLAMS down on top of him and EXPLODES. O’ CONNELL (disdainful) Mummies on motorcycles! Suddenly, GUNFIRE strafes the walls. Rick swings back jus as a motorcycle with a sidecar bursts through the firebal Warrior #4 is in the sidecar manning a mounted machine gu while Warrior #5 drives.
155) 0) text: ... Lily and Alex streak past while Evy and Rick follow behind. Evy is desperately weaving, trying to avoid the lines of gunfire Warrior #4 is directing at them. Rick’s machine gun finally CLICKS empty. He tosses it at Warrior #5, momentarily blinding him, sending the motorcycle SPAR against the side of the wall. Rick pulls a stick of dynamite from his belt, lights the and tosses it to Warrior #4, who catches it and studies i curiously. KABOOOOM! Warrior #4 and the sidecar are blown to bits. Unfortunately, Warrior #5 and the rest of the bi speed through the debris, unscathed, and continue the cha LILY AND ALEX -- have pulled ahead, peel through a circul entrance to a cave-like chamber and skid to a stop.
157) 0) text: CLOSE ON A TORCH as it flickers to life. PULL BACK TO REV Rick, Evy, Alex and Lily taking in the cavernous room, St lead up to Great Wall’s massive foundations that protrude from the roof of the cavern. O’ CONNELL Those stairs must lead straight up to the Wall. They head onto a red marble bridge that traverses a dry riverbed. Evy holds her torch over the side, revealing a horrifying mass of human skulls and bones.
159) 0) text: PAN ACROSS THE ALTAR. The earth, stone and fire bowls are full. Evy drops her wedding ring in the fourth. She shout to Rick and Alex who are on the other side of the River.
161) 0) text: Evy and Lily frantically put the elements back in the bow while the Emperor MACHINE GUNS flaming orbs at Rick and A
165) 0) text: As Rick and Alex pick themselves up, the whole place RUMB It’s like an earthquake. Cracks snake across the roof. 0’ CONNELL Up to the Wall! Now! Evy and Lily dart for the stairs as Rick and Alex sprint across the dry riverbed, dodging falling debris as they g The steps disintegrate behind them as they clamber.