0) 2) dialog: What's the matter? Somebody pay their bill? BOYS’ We want our money.
0) 3) dialog: Yes -- money -- you want your money?
0) 5) dialog: Oh -- you want MY money? Is that fair? Do I want your money? Suppose George Washington's soldiers had asked for money? Where would this country be today?
0) 7) dialog: And where's Washington? No, my friends -~ no ~- money will never make you happy -~ and happy will never make you money. That might be a wise crack, but I doubt it.
0) 9) dialog: T'll make you all a promise, If you'll all stick with me and work hard, we'll forget about money. Let's get together and we'll make a@ regular hotel out of this place! I'll put writing paper in the hotel and next year if you behave your- selves, we'll have envelopes. I'm
0) 14) dialog: Wages? Do you want to be wage slaves? Answer me that! . Boys No!
0) 15) dialog: Of course not. Well, what makes Wage slaves? Wages, I want you to be free. Remember there's no~ thing like Liberty, except Colliers and the Saturday Evening Post. Be free, my friends. One for. all and all for me -- me for you and three for five and six for a quarter!
0) 17) dialog: There you see. Business is begin- ning to pick up already. Now if you boys will only be calm -- ha (reads) "We arrive this afternoon on the four-thirty. Kindly reserve two floors and three ceilings," They mast be mice! (continues reading) "If we like your property, we will immediately buy." See that —— things are starting our Way, al- ready. Who is it from -- Western Union and they've got a lot of money too. On the four-thirty, eh? I'17 take a bus down myself,
0) 22) dialog: Say, we're going to be swamped, By tonight, we're going to turn away thousands of people. reads "If there 1s another hotel in Cocoanut Beach, cancel ovr re- servations." I lmow itl It was too good, Wait a minute! (continues reading) "P.S. Aunt Fanny had an elight- pound boy. Can you come to the wedding?" You see, everything is all right, boys -- everything is all.right. You are all invited to the wedding of aunt Fanny's eight- pound boy. .
0) 24) dialog: Oh, but that won't be for a couple of years yet! In the meantime, I want you to buck up -- get down to work, Let's put this thing over with a bang and above all -— forget about money. Don't think of itl! Just forget about it, be- cause you won't get it anyway. Boys (dancing) Hooray! Horray! Hooray!
0) 25) dialog: See that. I keep them dancing for their money! Yeah, Jamison, I'm going down to meet the 4:15. If I never get back, you'll know I'm Still waiting for the train, and in my absence, I'm relying upon you to take good care of everything.
0) 27) dialog: That's fine. And think of me.
0) 32) dialog: And if any guests come in -- take good care of them. And remember I'll be back some day, Keep a light burning in the window -. if you can find a window, Good-bye, Jamison,
2) 1) dialog: Hey! Hey' Why don't you try something for that insomnia? You oughta cut out drinking so much coffee.
2) 6) dialog: Yes, it didn't hit me, that's the only luck I had with it,
2) 8) dialog: I think I know too. You're fired. Get your hat and my coat and get out.
2) 10) dialog: Yes, and making the beds! Go on, get out -- I can handle the rush myself,
2) 12) dialog: Why don't you whistle at the cross- ing? You're just the woman I'm looking for. And now whether you like it or not, I'm going to tell you all about Florida real estate. It is the first time it has ever been mentioned here -- today.
2) 14) dialog: Do you know that property values have increased since 1929 one thousand per cent? Do you know that this is the biggest development since Sophie Tucker? De you know that Florida is the show spot of America and Cocoanut Manor the black spot of Plorida?
2) 19) dialog: I know but I left out a comma. Look, in a little while I'm going to hold an auction sale at Cocoanut Manor, the suburb terrible or beauti- ful. You must come over. There's going to be entertainment, sand- wiches, and the auction. If you don't like auctions, we can play contract. Here it is -- Cocoanut Manor -~ 42 hours from Times Square by railroad. 1600 miles as the crow flies and 1800 miles as the horse flies. There you are -~ Cocoanut Manor glorifying the American sewer and the Florida sucker. It's the most exclusive residential district in Florida. Nobody lives there. And the climate ~~ ask me about the climate, I dare you. .
2) 21) dialog: I'm glad you brought it up. Our motto is Cocoanut Beach, no snow, no ice, and no business. Do you know that Florida is the greatest state in the Union?
2) 23) dialog: Take its climate -- no, we took that -- take its fruits -- take the alligator pears -- take all the alligator pears and keep ‘em -- see if I care. Do you know how alligator pears are made?
2) 25) dialog: There you are. That's because you've never been an alligator, and don't let it happen again. Do you know that it sometimes requres years ‘to bring the pear and the alligator together? They don't like each other.
2) 30) dialog: No. Do you know how many alligator pears are sent out of this state every year and told not to come back?
2) 32) dialog: All they can get a hold of, Florida feeds the nation but nobody feeds me and that's what I want to talk to you about.
2) 34) dialog: -- another thing, take our cattle raising. Oh, I don't mean anything personal. But here is the ideal Cattle raising section. We have long horns, short horns and the shoe horns.
2) 36) dialog: I hardly think s0, and there's something else I want to bring to your mind. Where will you be when you're sixty-five? That's only about three months from now.
2) 38) dialog: Palm Beach? The Atlantic City of yesterday? The slums of tomorrow? Do you know that the Population of Cocoanut Beach has doubled in the past week?
2) 43) dialog: Three bulldogs were born and we're expecting a nanny goat in the morning.
2) 45) dialog: Aw, now, don't go. Before you go, let me show you a sample of the sewer pipe we're going to lay. Look at it. Nobody could fool you on a sewer pipe, can they, a woman like you? Now this is an eight inch pipe. But of course, all property owners will be allowed to vote on the size of their pipe. In case of a tie, it goes to the Supreme Court, and I can give you a@ little inside information in advance. The chief justice is crazy about his type of sewer. Here put it in your pocket -- see you later.
2) 48) dialog: Hello. Yes, ice water in 318? Is that so? Where did you get it? Oh, you want some? Oh, that's different. Have you got any ice? No, I haven't. This is Cocoanut Beach. No snow. No ice. Get some onions, they will make your eyes water. What? You, too.
2) 50) dialog: Yeh. A nice quiet spot, eh? Yeh. Tell her she can eat in the lobby. Say, we ought to dress this place up a bit, it looks terrible. Front. Front. Front. Here front. Here front. Here front. Front. Front. Jameson, what's become of our front? Are we all out of front? I'm going to fire some of these people; give me the fire bell. Hey you, stick around here; now if any customers come in tie ‘em and brand 'em. Look at him. He's better dressed than I am.
2) 52) dialog: Gentlemen, how. do you do? Come here. Come here. What are you boys giving me, the run around? Come over here. Now, what do you want? What do you want? Explain your business. :
2) 54) dialog: Oh, you're the boys that sent these telegrams?
2) 56) dialog: That's a coincidence. I used to send telegrams myself.
2) 61) dialog: Say, you can stay, but you will have to take that ground hog out of here. Now what do you want? Explain your business.
2) 63) dialog: Reservash?
2) 65) dialog: Oh, I see. You're just here for the winter. Well step this way and I'll see what I can do for you.
2) 67) dialog: I'm sorry boys, but we got no vacancies.
2) 69) dialog: We got plenty of rooms.
2) 71) dialog: You want a room?
2) 73) dialog: Boy, take the gentlemen's baggage. Hey, hey, do you know that suitcase is empty?
2) 78) dialog: Oh, you will, eh? Well, you will empty it before I go out. Step right this way boys. Put on your moniker. This boy wins the gold cigar. Anybody else? Right this way. Hey, hey, hey, don't throw that. That's only for long distance. Now then what do you want? Would you like a suite on the third floor?
2) 80) dialog: You'll have to take that up with the Commissary Department, that's an entirely different propositon and I can't -.-~ :
2) 81) dialog: Here you are. Let me help you here. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. The after- noon mail isn't in yet. I can use you the first of the month.
2) 83) dialog: Telegram? Just tell them I'll send them the money in the morning. Now then, what do you want? What do you want? Do you want a single room?
2) 85) dialog: Well, eat some green apples. What's that? You'll have to talk louder. IT can't hear you. If you'll take your nose aut of that receiver, it will be okay. Ha-ha-ha. Funny feller you. Hello. What's that? You want to know where you can get hold of Mrs. Potter. I don't know, she is awfully ticklish. Now I'm in a position gentlemen ----
2) 90) dialog: Here, have one of these flowers. They're Buckwheat. Pick out a nice One, now, I don't want you to get any the worst of this. I'm so glad. Now you boys will pardon me for a few minutes. I have some very in- portant business to attend to. As a matter of face, I'm going upstairs to get your partner a stomach pump. He needs one. And I'll be down in a few minutes. And while I'm gone, don't forget -- register.
2) 153) dialog: Did anyone ever tell you that you look like the Prince of Wales? I don't mean the present Prince of Wales; one of the old Wales, and believe me I say Wales, I mean Wales. I know a whale when I see one. Did you say your room is three eighteen? You know I am the proprietor of this hotel and I have a passkey for every room in it.
2) 155) dialog: Passkey -- that's Russian for pass ~- you know they passkey down the streetskey. Won't you like down? Aw, if we could find a little bungalow -- eh? ‘Oh, of course, I know where we could find one, but maybe the people wouldn't get out. But if we could find a nice little empty bungalow just for me and you, where we could bill and cow, no -- I meant we could bull and cow.
2) 160) dialog: I mean -- your eyes -- your eyes, they shine like the pants of a blue serge suit-
2) 162) dialog: That's not a reflection on you -- it's on the pants. What I meant was if we had a nice bungalow and I came home from work -- and you standing by the gate -- no -- you'd come home from work -~ and I was standing by the gate, and we came down the path and we went inside and the shades were drawn and the lights were low, and then -- are you sure your husband's dead?
2) 164) dialog: There seems to be a trace of un- certainty in that "yes." You know ayes like that was once responsible for me jumping out of a window and I'm not the Jumper I used to be. What I meant was, you are going to be here all winter and I'm stuck with the hotel anyhow -~ why don't you grab me until you can make ather arrangements?
2) 166) dialog: You did once! Oh, but I love you, I love you. Can't you see how I am pining for you.
2) 171) dialog: Oh, I'm not myself tonight. I don't know who I am. One false move and I'm yours. I love you, I love you anyhow, .
2) 173) dialog: I might, but I'd keep my mouth shut,
2) 175) dialog: _No -- don't go away and leave me here alone. You stay here and T'll go away.
2) 177) dialog: Oh say, that you'll be truly mine, or truly yours, or yours truly. Don't you know what I'm ---
2) 179) dialog: Come on, I'll play you one more game. Come on the 3 af you. Oh, can you come down a little bit. Just think -- tonight, tonight when the moon is sneaking around the clouds I'll be sneaking around you. I'1l meet you tonight under the moon. Oh, I can see you now ~- you and the moon, You wear a neck- tie so I'11 kmow you. (HARP SOLO BY HARPO MARX)
2) 206) dialog: See here, 1f there's going to be two People in this room, it will be fifty cents extra.
2) 215) dialog: This hotel not only has running water; it has running guests.
2) 219) dialog: Me -- King of England.
2) 225) dialog: "Thank you?" Why didn’t you give'm a dime?
2) 232) dialog: Well -~ I was on --~
2) 234) dialog: I was only playing, that's ail!
2) 237) dialog: You don't know where to look.
2) 242) dialog: All right. I know where to go.
3) 1) dialog: Come over here, I want to see you. Now, listen to me. I'm not going to have. that red-headed fellow run- ning around the lobby. If you want to keep him up in the room, you'll have to keep him in a trap.
3) 3) dialog: Who is he?
3) 5) dialog: Oh, that's your silent partner. Well, anyhow you wired me about some property. I've thought it over. Now, I can let you have three lots water- ing the front, or I can let you have three lots fronting the water. Now, these lots cost me nine thousand dollars and I'm going to let you have them for fifteen because I like you.
3) 7) dialog: You got no money?
3) 9) dialog: How're you going to pay for your room?
3) 11) dialog: Oh, you're just an idle rumor?
3) 13) dialog: Well, I'll show you how you can make some REAL money. I'm going te hold an auction in a little while in Cocoanut Manor. You -- you know what an auction is, eh?
3) 18) dialog: Well, let's go ahead as if nothing happened. I say I'm holding an auction at Cocoanut Manor. And when the crowd gathers around, I want you to mingle with them. Don't pick their pockets, Just mingle with them -- and -~-- ,
3) 20) dialog: Well, maybe we .can cut out the auction. Here's what I mean. If somebody says a@ hundred dollars, you say two -~ if somebody says two hundred dollars, you say three --- .
3) 22) dialog: That's right. Now, if nobody says anything, then you start it off.
3) 24) dialog: Well, they'll probably notify you. You fool, if they don't say anything, you'll hear ‘em, won't you?
3) 26) dialog: Well, don't tell ‘em. Now then, if we're successful in disposing of these lots, I'll see that you get a nice commission.
3) 31) dialog: Well, you can have your choice. Now, in arranging these lots, of course, we use blue prints. You know what a blue print is, huh?
3) 34) dialog: How is it that you never got double pneumonia?
3) 36) dialog: Do you know what a lot is?
3) 38) dialog: I don't mean a whole lot. Just a little lot with nothing on it.
3) 40) dialog: Say, the next time I see you, remind me not to talk to you, will you? Come here, Rand McNally, and I'12 explain this thing to you. Now look, this is a@ map and diagram of the whole cocoanut section. This whole area is within a radius of approximately three-quarters ora mile, Radius? Is there a remote Possibility that you know what a radius means?
3) 45) dialog: Well -- I walked right into that one. It's going to be a cinch explaining the rest of this thing to you -- I can see that.
3) 47) dialog: That's a rodeo you're thinking of. Look, Einstein. Here's Cocoanut ‘Manor. No matter what you say, this is Cocoanut Manor. Here's Cocoanut Manor. Here's Cocoanut Heights. That's a.swamp -- right over where the -- where the road forks, that's Cocoanut Junction.
3) 49) dialog: Why, that's on one of the forks. You probably eat with your knife, so you wouldn't have to worry about that. Now, here's the main road, leading out of Cocoanut Manor. That's the road I wish you were on. Now over here -- on this site we're going to build an Eye and Ear Hospital. This is going to be a sight for sore eyes. You understand? That's fine. Now, right here is the residential section.
3) 51) dialog: No, that's the stockyards. Now all along here -- this is the river front -- all along the river, all along the river -- those are all leveds.
3) 53) dialog: Well, we'll pass over that. . You're @ peach, boy! Now, here is a little peninsula, and here is a viaduct leading over to the mainland.
3) 58) dialog: I'm all right. How are you? I say here is a little peninsula, and here's a viaduct leading over to the mainland.
3) 60) dialog: I'm not playing Ask-Me-Another. I say, that's a viaduct.
3) 62) dialog: I don’t know why-a-no-chicken. I'm a stranger here myself. All I know is that it's a viaduct. You try to cross over there a chicken, and you'll find out why a duck. It's deep water, that's viaduct.
3) 64) dialog: Look...Suppose you were out horseback riding and you came to that stream and wanted to ford over there, you couldn't make it. Too deep.
3) 66) dialog: Well, I'm sorry the matter ever came up. All I ‘know is that it's a via- duct.
3) 71) dialog: I was only fooling. I was only fooling. They're going to build a tunnel in the morning. Now, is that clear to you?
3) 73) dialog: Well, that's fine. Now I can go ahead. Now, look, I'm going to take you down and show you our cemetary. I've got a waiting list of fifty people at that cemetary just dying to get in. But I like you ---
3) 75) dialog: I like you and I'm going ---
3) 77) dialog: =~ To shove you in ahead of all of them. I'm going to see that you get @ steady position.
3) 79) dialog: And if I can arrange it, it will be horizontal.
3) 81) dialog: Now remember, when the auction starts, if anybody says one hundred dollars ---
3) 83) dialog: That's grand. Now, if Somebody says two hundred ---
3) 88) dialog: That's great!
3) 89) dialog: Yes. Now, you know how to get down there?
3) 91) dialog: Now, look. Listen. You go down there, down to that narrow path there, until you come to the -- to that little jungle there. You see it? Where those thatched palms were?
3) 93) dialog: And then, there's a little clearing there, a little clearing with a wire fence around it. You see that wire fence there? “CHICO All right. Why-a-wire-fence?
3) 94) dialog: Oh no, we're not going to go all through that again! . You come along with me, and I'll fix you up!
3) 98) dialog: That's it. If somebody says one ~ hundred, you say two hundred.
3) 100) dialog: That's it. If we put this deal over, you can have anything you got.
3) 102) dialog: Be alert. Be alert. That's it -- be alert.
3) 104) dialog: Be alert, or papa don't go out at all. All ye suckers who are going to get trimmed, step this way for the big swindle. Ladies and gentle- men, before proceeding with the main business of the day, which is the selling of these lots at any price, we're going tc have a little entertainment. Very little. I want to present to you Miss Polly Potter, the best paying guest in the hotel. She will sing for you -- me too. Miss Potter.
3) 110) dialog: That's Florida, folks, Florida, sing- ing, dancing and entertainment. After the entertainment, after the entertainment, there'll be sand- wiches, but remember, if there are no lots sold, there will be no sand- wiches. Florida, folks -- Sunshine -- per- petual sunshine -- 411 the year around. Let's get the auction started before we get a tornado, Right this way. Step forward. Step for- ward everybody. Friends, you are now in Cocoanut Mancr, one of the finest cities in Florida. Of course, we still need a few finishing touches, But who doesn't? This is the heart of the residential district, Every lot is a stone's throw from the station. As soon as they throw enough stones, we're going to butld a station, Eight hundred beautiful residences will be built right here. Why they are as good as up. Better. You can have any kind of a home you want to. You can even get stucco -- Oh, how you can get stucco. Now is the time to buy while the new boom is on. Remember that old saying, a new boom sweeps clean? And don't forget the guarantee -. my personal guarantee. If these lots don't double in value in a year, I don't know what you can do about it.. Now we'll take lot #20 -- twentah -- right at the corner of DeSota Avenue. of
3) 115) dialog: Ah -~ a gentleman bids two hundred @ollars. Who'll bid three?
3) 117) dialog: Hal Hal Another gentleman says three hundred dollars. Do I hear four?
3) 119) dialog: Well, the auction is practically over, Yes, it's all over but the shooting. I'll attend to that later,
3) 121) dialog: Do I hear six hundred?
3) 123) dialog: Sold for six hundred dollars, Wrap up that lot and put some poison ivy on it. Well, I came out even on that one, That was a great success. Yeah, one more success like that and I'll sell my body to a medical institute. Now, we'll take lot #21. There it is. There it is, over there, right where that cocoanut tree is. Now what am I offered for lot #21.
3) 129) dialog: What the heck do you care? But how about me? Sold to what the heck for eight hundred dollars. I hope all your teeth have cavities and don't forget abscess makes the heart grow fonder. When he said via-duck, I should have smelt a rat. I did, but I didn't kmow who it was. Now we Will take lot number twenty-two. What am I offered for lot #22?
3) 132) dialog: Sold for one hundred dollars! Believe me, you have to get up early if you want to get out of bed. Now, we'll take lot #23.
3) 135) dialog: Four hundred? Do I hear five hundred? CONTINUED ° . eag REEL VI - 4o
3) 139) dialog: If I hear a ten -- you'll hear plenty. Do I hear nine? Will the gentleman who said seven say nine? Will he say 31x?
3) 141) dialog: You'll go higher when I get hold of you. Sold to EBiawatha for eight hundred dollars. Get away from that tree before 1t dies. Hal Hal Hal What'm I offered for lot twenty-four?
3) 143) dialog: Sold for fifty dollars.
3) 145) dialog: Too late. Too late.
3) 147) dialog: Now, we'll take lot twenty-five. Right where you're standing. Will you please take your feet off that lot. You're getting it all dirty.
3) 153) dialog: Three hundred dollars -- who'll say four? ’
3) 158) dialog: Who'll say six hundred?
3) 160) dialog: Now there's a gentleman with vision and a nice haircut. Who'll say a thousand?
3) 162) dialog: There's a gentleman with double vision and a better haircut. Who'll say eleven hundred?
3) 164) dialog: There's a gentleman with stigmatism. Who'll say twelve?
3) 166) dialog: Twel -- come on =~ who'll say thirteen? Come on, thirteen. ‘Twelve once, twelve twice, sold to Mr. Adams for twelve hundred dollars, And a mighty fine piece of property you get there, buddy.
3) 169) dialog: Young man, I want you to understand I don't discriminate. You had the Same chance as everybody else. Mrs. Potter ENTERS.
3) 177) dialog: Do you hear that? This little lady had lost a diamond necklace, worth a hundred thousand dollars and she offers a thousand dollars reward for its return.
3) 179) dialog: Sold for two thousand dollars.
3) 188) dialog: I don't know where he's from; he hasn't any license on.
3) 204) dialog: Iwill, but I can't think of anything.
3) 248) dialog: Now then we'll take lot No. 27. I've been so upset in disposing of these other lots that I'm going to give a half a pound of tea with every lot I sell from now on ---
3) 258) dialog: A dinner ». a dinner! You want the thirty or forty cent dinner?
3) 260) dialog: It's fifty with jello and oh, how you ean jello.
3) 264) dialog: Let me be the last to congratulate you and you too. I'm sure you'll have a very beautiful wedding with this. Coming Polly?
3) 294) dialog: Is that so? Well, I'll attend to that. Boy, it has been reported to me that there's a poker game going on in Room Number Four- twenty. You go up there and Imock on the door, and see if you can get me a seat, .
3) 297) dialog: Are you out on parole?
3) 300) dialog: Adabadache. 7 (Italian) Why that's polygamy.
3) 302) dialog: Jail's no place for a young fellow. There's no advancement.
3) 307) dialog: My boy, it's silly to worry, isn't it? You're gone today and here tomorrow.
3) 309) dialog: Everything seems to be dropping from on high. Well, I hope I still got my underwear on. You come here with that? I've felt kinda flimsy, Bob.
3) 313) dialog: Hey, if you get it twice, you are: allowed to keep it. Haha. Get away with that, will you? You can beat that but you can't tie it,
3) 315) dialog: Don't, don't, don't talk. He'll take the words right out of your mouth.
3) 320) dialog: That's a good guy you picked to ask. BoB Where did you find this? Mr, Hammer, whoever drew this knows something about this robbery. Look! : Ballet dancing, and Polly sings chorus of "Skies Will All Be Blue." MRS, POTTER . Oh, Penelope, so good of you to come.
3) 329) dialog: This costume has been condemned by Good Housekeeping.
3) 334) dialog: That isn't a scheme, It's a con- spiracy.
3) 336) dialog: On Track Twenty-five.
3) 338) dialog: Ha ha ha. Listen, Count, as soon as the guests leave, I want you to take out the ashes. .
3) 341) dialog: Hey -- nix on that stuffil "Shure, 1t was just a breath of ould Ireland, I can see me old mither going down the path. And I can see me father. Oh, oh, oh, "Pop goes the weasel." There goes the weasel, now,
3) 353) dialog: Now, look, this cross marks the spot where the shirt was last seen.
3) 355) dialog: Now, remain quiet, will you, please?
3) 357) dialog: That's a lie. You whelp! Whelp, whelp, whelp, whelp, whelp, whelp, whelp!
3) 359) dialog: He wants his shirt!
3) 365) dialog: And now, friends, now that we have found Hennessey's shirt, would you all mind looking for a collar button that I lost here, size 13 1/2? MRS, POTTER . And now, ladies and gentlemen, if you will all find places at the table, we will have a short enter. tainment before ---
3) 366) dialog: How about you and I giving this joint the air and indulging in some snappy necking?
3) 369) dialog: In behalf of the Rotary Club of Minneapolis, I want to take this occasion of welcoming you to Waukeegan -- no, no, I mean in recognition of my Many years of service with the railroad, you have presented me with these tles -- and that of course re- minds me of the story of the Irish- man, Ha-ha-ha. That's so -- so
3) 372) dialog: Well, I got rid of one, and one like that is worth three ordinary ones. Now, where was I? Oh, yes, on this ehair, That's right. Western cattle opened at fifteen and a quarter, Year- lings and spring veal held a firm tone. Eggs were a little better on a full market, and a fresh shipment of hogs were received this morning. Well, my father *"d mother talked it over and they finally moved to New York and they took a little house . in the Bronx and it was in that little house that Abraham Lincoln was born, much to my father's surprise, and that, boys and girls, was the beginning of the Lincoln Highway. And now, friends, in view of the fact. that Polly's en- gagement is being celebrated here tonight, so to speak, I think that a few words from her mother would be revolting. I now take great pleasure in presenting -- the well-preserved and partially pickled Mrs. Potter. Come on, now, give the little girl @ big hand.
3) 375) dialog: The old gal's stewed to the eyebrows.
3) 378) dialog: T'1l get off with you. Now friends, I want to take great pleasure in presenting to you the groom, Mr. Yates, Mr. Harvey Yates. Good evening radio fans, we are now back in the studio, stand by for your station announcer.
3) 380) dialog: Well, shut up. What a splendid suggestion! HARVEY . I feel highly honored, But, I'm afraid I'm not mich of a speech ~ maker. Nevertheless, Mr. Hammer, it was very nice of you to call on me.
3) 381) dialog: Oh, you must call on me sometime, and see my Flower Beds. I want you to see my pansies. I've got long pansies and short pansies. I was just thinking that next spring ‘I want to get early bloomers. As I was just about to say, there seems to be a steady’ stream flying in and out over there.
3) 383) dialog: Well, you have certainly succeeded. Now friends, let's proceed. Now what's the matter with him? That's Good Gulf Gas. I'm so sorry.
3) 390) dialog: Now, ladies and gentlemen, the first musical number that we intend to portray will be the beginning and the ending of a very....
3) 392) dialog: We're going to have music -- music w- we're going to have music. Now the first misical number on the program will bé a piccolo solo,” which we will skip. And the secorid” number, Senor Pastrani, the Lithuanian pianist. The Senor for his first’ number will play "A Cup of Coffee,” A Sandwich and You" from the opera, Aida. Senor, allow me to assist you to the di-et.
3) 394) dialog: Number One. And now friends, I want to present to you a charming little lady...down in front... hey, sit down...the little lady who is to become Mrs. Harvey Yates -- over my dead body!
3) 398) dialog: Say, Yates has gone, I gave hima check for a hundred thousand dollars this morning. It's a good thing it was my personal check.
3) 404) dialog: Well, happy days, old boy.