86) 10) dialog: Well don't just stand there. Come take a look.
87) 3) dialog: It's cherry. I thought it'd work in your dining room. I can see the great and the good of Washington eating off this thing for years to come. Just sanding her down then she done.
87) 10) dialog: Well come here.
90) 12) dialog: OK. See those birds. Those guys. Those yellow fellas. See `em..
90) 16) dialog: OK. Listen. (They both listen) You hear that? Ain't that beautiful. They suddenly showed up last year. They're called.. (Stops) What are they called? I know their name. They're called something. (He wracks his brain) Anyway. They were here last year. And the year before. God they're beautiful. Look at that.
90) 24) dialog: Well. I know my little girl doesn't say anything til she absolutely has to.
90) 27) dialog: I'm the same way. And I've said that too. Those exact same words. July 1972. Your mother and I were fighting all the time. I guess she was just plain tired of moving home. Wasn't `til I retired after 42 years in the Air Force, I realised we never had a home. Germany, Singapore, Australia, England. Heck I can remember the day you were born in a freezing cold airbase outside Anchorage Alaska. You must have been to twenty schools. Twenty different chances to introduce yourself. Be someone new. But you turned out OK. Responsible. A little too serious. Always looking down the road. Worrying where life was going to drag you next. But it made you tough. Real tough. Maybe tougher than I, or your mother, or anyone knows.
90) 32) dialog: What they did was wrong Valerie. Plain wrong. Never forget that.
90) 37) dialog: Say through some miracle you even get through this.. you and Joe are always gonna fight. You're fighters. He's a stubborn son of a bitch too. He don't give up easy either.
90) 40) dialog: One day this country is gonna look back on these years, and it's gonna hang its head. It's gonna weep. Then it's gonna stand up straight and walk on.
90) 43) dialog: I swear to God, she's gonna keep at that until she licks it.
90) 46) dialog: They're tougher than we are. They'll piss you off from time to time, but they're built to last.