4) 0) text: They reach a JUNCTION. Dan gestures to Cath. She puts on headphones. Sweeps each passage with a directional microphone. Under the hiss, SOMETHING FAINT. It sounds like CLICKING. Cath turns up the dial. Concentrates. Half-heard against electronic hum: CLICK. CLICK. Fricative, faintly human. Greg GLUGS his sports drink. Dan silences him. They stand, statues, as Cath focuses, frowns... CLICK. CLICK. Signs of life? Or static hiss? Dan shines his torch in the direction of the microphone. tunnel tapers to a crawlspace. He gives Greg the nod. Greg disappears like a dachshund a rabbit hole. Dan follows. Then Cath.
5) 0) text: Tight. Claustrophobic. The team wriggle on hands and knee the tunnel tapers ever tighter. Rock bears down above. A false move dislodges stones and dust on Cath. The dust settles. Cath settles herself. The team burrow on, plunging through a FLOODED SECTION...
5) 2) dialog: 
5) 7) dialog: (bagging the bottle) Juno Kaplan’s no tourist. She was president of my college cave club.
5) 9) dialog: She was a back-stabbing, man-eating bitch. But she could cave.
6) 0) text: They climb a sheer rockface. Methodically, skillfully. Halfway up, Greg bangs in a piton, clips a carabiner to i secures a new rope, drops it over the overhang to Cath. As he climbs on, he doesn’t see the piton slip from its anchor position. As the piton takes the strain of Cath’s weight, it POPS f the wall. Cath, on the rope below, falls away... Below, stalagmite spikes await her falling body. Dan reacts fastest: engages his body belay, a mechanical friction brake that grips on her safety rope and stalls h descent... Stopping Cath, inches above impalement
6) 15) dialog: You too Dan. Something in her smile galls Greg. Dan strides off toward the concessions hut that serves as the emergency command center.
6) 17) dialog: Greg, the other night- I was as drunk as a skunk-
6) 19) dialog: Go to bed Greg. Shaking her head, she strides off, leaving him stranded.
21) 19) dialog: (to Dan) Bit like you, boss. Dan nods to Vaines: let’s do it. Dan leads his rescue team into the cage. Sarah hesitates. 22.
24) 2) dialog: The dark does funny things to people.
24) 4) dialog: I’m scared of stuffed animals. Seriously. She okay? 27.
24) 6) dialog: Dan’s the best. He’1ll see us through. Greg winces.
25) 2) dialog: Fool’s gold.
25) 9) dialog: Up here. A CRACK in the rocks. Greg clears a crawlspace through th rocks...
26) 0) text: The last of the team haul themselves through the CRACK in an enormous CATHEDRAL CAVERN. They scan with their flashlights for signs of life.
26) 8) dialog: Anyone hear that? Sounded like movement. Vaines studies Sarah’s nervous reaction.
26) 9) dialog: 
26) 12) dialog: 
27) 2) dialog: What’s that? Dan and Cath go into the tunnel. Cath picks up... A woman’s caving boot. Almost brand new. Everyone immediately understands its importance.
27) 3) dialog: Rock’ard. That’s a British brand. All eyes turn to Sarah.
28) 0) text: Cath leads the way.
28) 11) dialog: If? You don’t think-? 33. Sarah catches Rios’s non-committal look.
28) 18) dialog: I’1l go. Greg stops her. Shoves past. Burrows in...
30) 2) dialog: What happened? Where’ve they gone? You hurt? Dan crawls out, catches Cath’s look.
33) 0) text: Dan, Cath and Rios search the tunnels.
35) 0) text: The GUNSHOT quakes through the caves like rolling thunder Above Dan, Cath and Rios, the cave walls REVERBERATE with Vaines’s gun blasts.
35) 4) dialog: She’s on her own.
37) 3) dialog: No reply. Rios and Dan hunt through the rubble. Nothing.
37) 5) dialog: 
37) 8) dialog: 
37) 10) dialog: Dan, Dan, you there?
38) 0) text: Cath, ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE ROCKFALL, scans her torch around. She is buried in a cavity under a huge weight of rock. The rocks are precariously balanced. Highly unstabl Any attempt to work herself free dislodges rocks and risk rockfall that will crush her.
38) 1) dialog: No. I can’t move. I’1l bring it all down on me. I need something to support the rocks. (fighing panic) I’m stuck here Dan.
38) 6) dialog: Dan?
38) 11) dialog: Can’t you drill it? Or det it?
38) 13) dialog: I can’t Dan, it’1l crush me. I need you here.
38) 15) dialog: Okay.
38) 17) dialog: I’m scared Dan.
38) 19) dialog: I know.
38) 21) dialog: Yeah.
38) 23) dialog: Okay. 43.
38) 25) dialog: Okay.
38) 27) dialog: Okay.
38) 29) dialog: Channel one. I’m going nowhere. You take it easy. Dan’s reply is distorted, swallowed by static.
38) 30) dialog: 
39) 0) text: Dan ploughs on, grim set, out of range, not knowing if he ever see Cath again. Rios follows, unable to find the right words of comfort.
43) 8) text: Cath, can you hear me? Cath, can you hear me? (static hiss) Come on. Cath, can you hear me? In response, LAUGHTER. It’s coming from a CAMCORDER that Rios has picked up.
44) 0) text: Cath tries to build a support wall from the stones to han something to buy her enough time to wriggle free. It’s fiddly work in cramped conditions. Just as she wedge an anchoring stone, her wall collapses, threatening to br down the rocks above her. Suffering the psychological torment of another near miss Cath sighs a deep breath. She tries to inch her way out. But the creaking rock abov enough to deter her. She tries her radio.
44) 1) dialog: Dan? Dan you there? Anybody there?
47) 0) text: Cath starts rebuilding her support wall. Stops. She hears something in the dark. Movement.
47) 1) dialog: Hello? HELP! HELP! DAN! DAN, THAT YOU. I’M OVER HERE. No reply.
47) 2) dialog: (ON RADIO)
47) 3) text: Dan, is that you? No reply. Then a faint CLICKING. Cath flashes her light, trying to attract attention.
47) 4) dialog: 
47) 6) dialog: It’s just the dark. The dark fucks with your head. It’s not real. Then the crawler comes back- with a vengeance. At her feet. Fighting to find a way through the rubble to at her. Reaching its arm through the rubble at her. Clawing at he Champing at her. Cath tries to fight it off. Kicking, scuffling. Nowhere t go. Every defensive move risks bringing the rocks down on her. Cath faces an impossible choice: either the crawler get her- or she’1l be crushed. The crawler burrows closer, working its way for her neck. As the crawler lunges, Cath risks everything, moving shar slamming a rock into its face. It falls hard. Into her support wall. Becoming its last piece. As the crawler’s body takes the weight of the rocks above Cath seizes her opportunity, wriggles hard... First crawler ribs start to snap...Then it’s skull starts splitting... Cath crawls for her life. She just squeezes out the narro gap. Grabs for her trailing flashlight as- CRUNCH and CRACK- the crawler’s skull shatters and bones the crushing rocks make powder of its bones and paste of flesh. Cath fills her lungs, in shock.
49) 0) text: Cath, still panicked, charges through the tunnels.
49) 1) dialog: Dan, Dan you there? Please Dan. She stops suddenly. Her torch beam REVEALS: Recessed shelves gouged out of the tunnel wall. Cath edges to a shelf. Directs her light towards- A_ skeleton. Cath jumps in shock. The skeleton is seemingly human. Laid out on the shelf as in a coffin. Moving down the TUNNEL, Cath shines her light into the ot shelves. Finds dozens of skeletons. Then more recent corp Flesh traces still cling to the bones. Beyond them are freshly excavated shelves. Scratch marks round their entrances. She nears one. Shines her light in Comes face to face... With a Crawler! Cath jumps back. She fights to rein in her fear. What the hell is this? But the Crawler doesn’t move. It’s dead. A hole in its forehead. Cath looks into the shelf above. Finds another dead Crawl All the skeletons are Crawlers, not humans. This is some sort of CRAWLER CATACOMB. She looks back to the second dead Crawler. Its eyes have gouged out. (These are the Crawlers Sarah and Juno killed Amidst the bodies, one moves. Cath tucks herself away. 55. Terrified, she raises her pick to defend herself. The crawler closes in, coming from the corner. Cath readies to strike-
49) 3) dialog: Greg- Jesus.
49) 5) dialog: We thought you were- what happened?
49) 7) dialog: You ran? Greg struggles to bear his deep shame.
49) 8) dialog: Have you seen any of the others?
49) 10) dialog: Greg, get a grip. CLI-- CLI-- CLICK-- A conversation-killer. A Crawler MURMUR comes from the tunnel beyond. Soft. Low. Like weeping. Through the catacombs they see A FEMALE CRAWLER. The Craw has a swollen belly. It’s pregnant. Next to the Pregnant Crawler is a Crawler corpse. The Pregnant Crawler washes water over the corpse from a near pool. Cleans it tenderly. Emitting soft clicks. Mourning. Around her, a FUNERAL PARTY of grieving crawlers. Cath and Greg back away. 56. Cath points to a far exit. Their only way out Past the mourning crawler mother. Greg shakes his head. Cath nods. It’s the only way. Greg tiptoes towards the exit on the far side.
51) 0) text: Greg and Cath, tantalisingly close to the exit when...
52) 0) text: Greg and Cath run for their lives... They hit a dead end. They have to turn back They hear crawlers coming. There’s nowhere to go. Down the tunnel, crawlers click, sensing the air... But Cath and Greg have gone. The crawlers stop, sensing out their victims. High above, wedged back to back, with their feet pressed either side of the wall [a climber’s hold] Cath and Greg strain to keep still and silent Finally, the crawlers scuttle past... Greg and Cath drop down. Cath desperately tries her radio.
52) 1) dialog: Anyone there? Chief Vaines? This is Cath? You there? Come in. Lonely static crackle. Despair consumes her.
52) 2) dialog: Dan’s dead.
52) 4) dialog: I know what I heard.
52) 6) dialog: Vaines had his radio.
52) 8) dialog: Hold me Greg. They cling tight.
52) 9) dialog: You won’t run out on me.
52) 12) dialog: Come on. They charge off through the tunnel. Glimpsing Crawlers giving chase. Hearing their horrible SCUTTLINGS as they pursue them through... Tapering tunnels, sharp turns...
53) 0) text: They stop just as suddenly. Teetering on the edge of a GO with a vertiginous drop below. As Cath moves her light back up, she illuminates... SAM. [From the first film.] Dead. Still hanging upside down from a rope in the rock ceiling One of her arms is missing - the shoulder is chewed to th bone. Her innards are spilled over her sides. Cath lurches back in horror. Greg looks at Cath, looks ba into the tunnel they came down. SCUFFLING. 59. Ahead, a deadly drop. Cath scans the roof for a route. Sa rope snakes back through pitons along the roof. Greg thinks fast, slams a piton into their near wall, loo the rope through it, pulls it taut. [The gravity of Sam’s bodyweight tugs the other end tight. ]
53) 2) dialog: Greg. Cath tosses the rope back. Just as the crawlers crowd him, Greg swings... Swings across the cavern, slamming into the far side. Gripping hard, he claws his way onto the far ledge. Sees a crawler climbs across the rope towards Cath who dangles, vulnerable, like a fly on a spider web, caught between the crawlers and Greg.
53) 4) dialog: Run. Run!