52) 0) text: Greg and Cath run for their lives... They hit a dead end. They have to turn back They hear crawlers coming. There’s nowhere to go. Down the tunnel, crawlers click, sensing the air... But Cath and Greg have gone. The crawlers stop, sensing out their victims. High above, wedged back to back, with their feet pressed either side of the wall [a climber’s hold] Cath and Greg strain to keep still and silent Finally, the crawlers scuttle past... Greg and Cath drop down. Cath desperately tries her radio.
54) 0) text: Sarah and Rios follow the stream - which is now deeper. A the end of the TUNNEL the water tumbles down step-like ro into an OVULAR cave.... Sarah climbs down the rock steps. Rios slips. Follows. Water flows in from side passages to form a pool. Sarah looks into the pool- sees a CRAWLER’S FACE where he reflection should be... She spins round to attack it... But it’s only Rios there. Rios thinks she’s being attacke Until she sees... The CRAWLER emerges from UNDER the water... Sarah spins round in time to bury a pick into its neck. Killing it. Sarah looks around, her senses attuned to the possibility reinforcements... At the far-end of the cave, water drains slowly into a TU that’s almost entirely submerged. There’s only a GAP of a foot between the water and the ceiling. Sarah wades in. Heads towards the SUBMERGED TUNN
58) 0) text: Greg struggles on, cold, thirsty, alone. Behind him, CLICK...CLICK, something stirs. Greg spins round, arcs his flashlight... Something is stalking him, scurrying in the shadows... He lights a flare, throws it...Hoping to scare them off. As Greg retreats, the hot light of the flare casts shadow CRAWLERS. Two of them. Nosferatu was never so sinister. Greg’s seen enough. Runs.
59) 0) text: Greg bolts in blind panic. But he’s not as fast as his pursuers. Closing on him in the dark... They jump on his back. Maul him. One sinks its teeth into torso. Greg shrieks. The other scratches at his legs. Greg kicks and swats and bats them off. Finally Greg gets a good look at his attackers. Their shadows made them look bigger than they are. Two TWINS. They’re so small that Greg just stares bewildered. These little Crawlers seem almost cute. Then both twins SNARL viciously, showing razor teeth.
63) 10) dialog: It’s several metres ahead, blocking their way. It licks w off the rock, oblivious to Sarah and Rios’s presence. 70. Sarah tries to tease out her pick, but as she moves, the Crawler lifts its head. CLICKS. Sensing... Sarah freezes. Rios hears the CLICKS. Panics.
65) 0) text: The Crawler grapples with Rios’s leg. But her boot comes in its hand...
70) 6) text: The crawler drops dead. Vaines stares in shock at Juno’s blood-smeared mouth. He fights against retching. Juno raises a hand, silencing him, sensing MOVEMENT at th far end of the forest. They freeze. Listen. 76. Stalagmites block Juno’s lines of sight. She edges forward cautiously. Axe raised. The MOVEMENT comes again. Her nerves wound tight, Juno works from “trunk” to “trunk She sweeps her light round. Shifts to a new stalagmite. Vaines follows her, terrified. Juno hears something SCRABBLE behind the stalagmite ahead She raises her pick. Psyches herself. Creeps slowly round Then spins out from behind the “trunk”. Launches the pick towards-- Nothing. There’s nothing there. Glimpses movement behind her, reflected in her pick. She spins. Swings her pick, just as another axe hurtles at Ju own face. Sparks fly as the two axes INTERLOCK. Sarah. Juno stares at Sarah as if she’s seen a ghost Juno stares right back. For several seconds, neither speak. Sarah’s icy eyes meet Juno’s fiery gaze. They stand: gunslingers before the dra prizefighters before the bell... Rios and Vaines, ring-side, look to each other, lost Something in their faces stops Vaines stepping in. Sarah and Juno face off, struggling with raging emotions.
73) 0) text: Sarah, Juno and Rios peer round a corner in a TUNNEL, pee round the corner into... A wide, domed chamber. An awful cacophony of raspy wet CHEWING. Wherever Rios aims her thermal imaging camera, it reveals heat blobs. Dozens of heat blobs. Each one a live crawler hardly any floorspace between them, tearing at their fres slaughtered prey- both animal and human.
77) 0) text: Crawlers HUNT. VOICES draw them deeper into the dark... They hunt it down. Turn a corner, find... THE CAMCORDER... playing..the party scene.. all the girls the first film...laughing and having fun...friends... A false trail. 87. A crawler sniffs the camcorder, swipes it aside. The crawlers listen out for other noises. Hearing Rios GRUNTS and SCUFFLES as she climbs... With lethal speed, they set out after her.
78) 0) text: Rios makes for the light above. Below, she hears the crawlers. Then she sees them.
81) 0) text: With Crawler SCREECHES and smoke rising behind her, Rios climbs up toward the light.