4) 0) text: They reach a JUNCTION. Dan gestures to Cath. She puts on headphones. Sweeps each passage with a directional microphone. Under the hiss, SOMETHING FAINT. It sounds like CLICKING. Cath turns up the dial. Concentrates. Half-heard against electronic hum: CLICK. CLICK. Fricative, faintly human. Greg GLUGS his sports drink. Dan silences him. They stand, statues, as Cath focuses, frowns... CLICK. CLICK. Signs of life? Or static hiss? Dan shines his torch in the direction of the microphone. tunnel tapers to a crawlspace. He gives Greg the nod. Greg disappears like a dachshund a rabbit hole. Dan follows. Then Cath.
5) 1) dialog: I ever tell you Winston Churchill’s motto? KBO.
5) 4) dialog: Keep Buggering On.
5) 8) dialog: She good?
5) 11) text: She’s just your type. A glory hunter. Always looking for uncharted routes. Not a team player- Dan runs his hands along the wall, dripping with water.
5) 12) dialog: Rainwater’s leaching through. Few hours, this whole run’1l be flooded. Come on.
6) 0) text: They climb a sheer rockface. Methodically, skillfully. Halfway up, Greg bangs in a piton, clips a carabiner to i secures a new rope, drops it over the overhang to Cath. As he climbs on, he doesn’t see the piton slip from its anchor position. As the piton takes the strain of Cath’s weight, it POPS f the wall. Cath, on the rope below, falls away... Below, stalagmite spikes await her falling body. Dan reacts fastest: engages his body belay, a mechanical friction brake that grips on her safety rope and stalls h descent... Stopping Cath, inches above impalement
6) 1) dialog: Time to turn back. He doesn’t let her see the friction burn on his hand.
6) 3) dialog: Rest up, refocus.
6) 5) dialog: Greg, you ever ask yourself: who rescues the rescuers?
6) 6) text: They emerge into bright light and heavy rain. An emergenc operation has commandeered the car park: police, paramedi TV news crews. Above the cave entrance, a rainbow SIGN depicts a grotto of stalagmites and stalactites. Bright letters proclaim- “WELCOME TO BOREHAM CAVERNS!” Dan and his team pass the next rescue shift, wishing them luck. They stride on, past a news team. A FEMALE TV REPOR does a stand-up to camera.
6) 12) dialog: Thank us when we find them. Dan pounds past, uninterested. Greg likes the glory, ling
6) 13) dialog: Greg! (Greg catches up)
7) 0) text: Dan walks past tat and trinkets, up to the rescue mapboar
7) 2) dialog: Chief.
7) 4) dialog: we’ve followed their flight plan right through, traced all the trade routes and black spots. Not a whisper. People are getting tired.
7) 6) dialog: You’d never know he was up for re- election. He riding you hard?
7) 9) dialog: Turns out Cath in my team knew Juno Kaplan a bit back in college caving days. Bit of a wild one. Risk- taker.
7) 11) dialog: Caving’s a small community, people talk. Been a lot of talk about Juno Kaplan.
7) 13) dialog: Look, I’m not one to gossip.
7) 15) dialog: Talk is Juno’s the sort of girl girl’s shouldn’t trust with their guys. Specially girls like Sarah Carter-
7) 17) dialog: Like I said, gossip.
7) 19) dialog: He and her daughter died in a car wreck. Vaines produces a clear plastic evidence bag: inside, prescription pills for SARAH CARTER.
16) 0) text: Dan Shepherd, half-awake, clutches his phone. 18.
16) 1) dialog: My team are beat.
16) 4) dialog: Chapel Mine’s a maze. We had to pull some frat boys out a few years ago. We could search for months and still not cover it.
19) 0) text: They drive along a perimeter fence. Deputy Lynch greets them at a gate. CHAPEL MINE: DANGER. KEEP OUT. 19.
21) 0) text: They kit up and head in. Dan points to their guns.
21) 1) dialog: Heavy metal. You won’t need those. Rios hands her gun over to Deputy Lynch to look after. Da sees that Vaines is ignoring him. 20.
21) 2) dialog: This is a missing person’s case. What the hell do you think you’re gonna find?
21) 8) dialog: She couldn’t have climbed up here.
21) 10) dialog: No one knows those caves. It’s hostile down there. And she looks like a ghost. 21.
21) 11) dialog: What if she has a major flashback or flip-out, or finds her friends dead?
21) 13) dialog: I don’t know, Red. Standard procedure- you don’t take people back down. It’s me and two rookies. I can’t take responsibility for her.
21) 15) dialog: Cath? (Cath nods) Greg? Greg cracks a snap-light, drops it down the shaft. Finall hits bottom, casts a dim glow from the distant base.
21) 30) dialog: I should never have let you bring her down here.
21) 32) dialog: The woman’s a fright. She doesn’t know what she’s saying.
21) 34) dialog: Down here, I call the shots. Right?
22) 0) text: Flashlights. Dan leads the group along a tapering TUNNEL They squeeze past upturned coal carts, rusted mining gear Slow, hard progress, resolutely downward... Sarah, sandwiched between Rios and Vaines, watchful and watched. JUNCTION. Dan checks his map schematic.
22) 1) dialog: Cave’s this way.
23) 2) dialog: Cath, how long have I been teaching you? Your light is your life. Greg tuts, flicking his flashlight in Cath’s face. Dan catches him as he passes, taps his shoulder.
23) 3) dialog: Teamwork.
25) 3) dialog: Should hit the cave system somewhere up here. The team turn a corner into a GALLERY littered with old lamps, helmets. Dan picks up an old Davey lamp, sparks it
25) 4) dialog: Blue flame shows the presence of methane. Dan checks his gas meter on his belt: it flashes red, sho a high methane count.
25) 5) dialog: Woh. Watch for sparks. Secure all loose metal, crampons, picks, nuts. Guns. Flashlight falls on a gnarled horse skeleton on the floor Its skull stares up, incisors open as if screaming. An unnerving sight, met with silence. Sarah’s stares, remembering...
25) 7) dialog: Miners probably hit a methane pocket. Looks like the poor bastards tried to claw their way out. Sarah stares at the claw marks. Shaken by the flashback, Sarah shrinks against the wall. Vaines, eagle-eyed, nods to Rios.
26) 1) dialog: Greg, T.I. 29. Greg pulls out his thermal imaging camera. A small, robus device, with a pistol-grip. Body heat registers on its sc as red hot spots as he pans across the various members of team as they probe the various tunnels. He probes the shadows. Nothing. Rios sits with Sarah, trying to coax some answers out of
27) 5) dialog: (taps his ear) Cath. Cath takes out electronic LISTENING EQUIPMENT. Sweeps the cave.
27) 8) dialog: If you shut up, we might hear something. From Cath’s POV - with all SOUND amplified through her headphones - even landing water-droplets SOUND momentous.
28) 2) dialog: Flood water. Vaines stays on Sarah’s shoulder, prodding her on. Rios follows.
28) 13) dialog: Greg! Save it.
28) 17) dialog: Greg, take point. Greg hesitates.
28) 21) dialog: Greg, go easy. You get stuck in there we’1l have to break your collar bone to get you out This does little for Rios’s nerves.
28) 24) dialog: Greg, you okay?
28) 27) dialog: So who’s next?
33) 0) text: Dan, Cath and Rios search the tunnels.
33) 1) dialog: Greg! Greg! Vaines! Fucking Honeycombs. Five minutes, they’11 all be lost. The tunnel opens out into a STALACTITE CHAMBER.
33) 2) dialog: See that, stress point between two strata. Roof’s unstable. Stick to the walls. Rios looks up in fear at the limestone swords that hang a them.
35) 0) text: The GUNSHOT quakes through the caves like rolling thunder Above Dan, Cath and Rios, the cave walls REVERBERATE with Vaines’s gun blasts.
35) 1) dialog: He’1l bring down the fucking mountain. SEISMIC SHIFTS occur above their heads... They look up and see the roof vibrate, a horrendous RIFT appear... Then, like apples on a shaken tree, the STALACTITES start fall. To rain down on them...a rain of spears. They have to run to clear them. Dodging and weaving. Inch from impalement. Cath stumbles. A stalactite spear lands, inches from her face, striking through the climbing ropes around her shoulder. Pinned down, she fights to free herself. The others make it to the shelter of a SIDE TUNNEL
35) 2) dialog: Come on Cath! Cath gets free. But the rift in the roof causes a COLLAPS Slabs of rock fall in, blocking her path to the others. 40.
35) 3) dialog: 
37) 0) text: Choking DUST consumes everything. Dan, covered in dust, scrabbles to his knees, coughing. Through the swirling particles, his flashlight picks out. Rios, totally disorientated. Dan hauls her to her feet. Both cough violently as the choking dust subsides. Dan offers Rios his water bottle to wash to her face and rinse her mouth.
37) 1) dialog: Easy. That’s got to last.
37) 2) dialog: Cath! Cath! Come in. (shouting)
37) 4) dialog: 
37) 7) dialog: Cath! Cath! Come in. (shouting)
37) 9) text: No reply. Dan shines his torch back. Flicking it ON and O
37) 11) dialog: I’m here. I’m here. I can see your beam. Are you hurt?
38) 2) dialog: Cath, don’t panic. We’1ll work it this end. You take it easy. we’1l get you. ON THE OTHER SIDE, Dan tears at the intransigent rubble getting nowhere, losing his cool.
38) 3) dialog: Come on. Come on. Fuck, fuck, fuck-
38) 5) dialog: Fucking trigger-happy Americans. I should never have-
38) 8) dialog: Hear me? There’s a fucking tonne of rubble between us. She couldn’t hear a fucking rock concert. You know what are our chances of getting to her are? 42. Storm spent, he controls himself.
38) 9) dialog: Cath, we can’t get through. Cath’s face falls.
38) 12) dialog: You know I can’t. It’s too risky. You’11 have to work free.
38) 14) dialog: We’re gonna have to find another way round to you.
38) 16) dialog: We’1l get there.
38) 18) dialog: That’s good. Fear keeps you alert, keeps you alive. Cath, I promise you, I won’t stop until I get there.
38) 20) dialog: You dry?
38) 22) dialog: You keep warm. Keep drinking.
38) 24) dialog: We’ve got to move off now, you’11 probably lose the signal. But stay on channel one.
38) 26) dialog: Okay. We’re walking away.
38) 28) dialog: Stay on the radio.
39) 0) text: Dan ploughs on, grim set, out of range, not knowing if he ever see Cath again. Rios follows, unable to find the right words of comfort.
42) 0) text: Several choices. Dan flicks his lighter, testing for air flow.
42) 1) dialog: Cath, Cath can you hear me? (static hiss) Cath? Nothing. Dan stops, turns to Rios.
42) 2) dialog: They’re volunteers. They don’t get paid. They risk their lives for every dumb-arse college kid and sports-shop caver. It’s not our job to judge. But bringing down a murder suspect?
42) 4) dialog: No, it was mine. He presses on. Haunted. A man on a mission.
43) 0) text: Dan and Rios’s boots CRUNCH on something underfoot... Flashlights beams reveal a carpet of bones.
43) 1) dialog: What the hell-? Dan cracks a flare. Illuminates scores of animal carcasse Dan and Rios exchange looks of deep unease. Something SPARKLES in the light. Dan settles his light on carabiners, clipped to something Dan can’t quite see. He climbs a mound of bones. Passes his light over... BETH. Her face is mashed. Stoved in. Dan recoils. Across the cave... 45.
43) 3) dialog: Deputy- Dan rushes over. Rios’s staring down at... HOLLY. Eviscerated. Her rib-cage is picked clean.
43) 4) dialog: Oh Christ. He resists the urge to throw up.
43) 5) dialog: You don’t think Sarah Carter-?
43) 7) dialog: You don’t get animals down here. (ON RADIO)
43) 13) dialog: Stop- 46. Real-time FOOTAGE: abseiling into the caves; Sarah trying avoid the camera.
43) 14) dialog: This is good. An entry point. We get this to the surface. This’1l give a rescue team a focus.
43) 16) dialog: We’re not leaving anyone. Rios fast-forwards, stopping at intervals to see...
43) 18) dialog: Is that it? The FOOTAGE returns. In NIGHT VISION. It shows a cave in which bright-white picked-clean bones line the floor
43) 33) dialog: Rewind it. Rewind! As Rios fumbles with the Camcorder, trying to rewind, the light spill illuminates A CRAWLER. Right behind them! ! The Crawler HISSES. Dan and Rios gasp. Rios drops the camcorder They scatter into the dark. Hide. Rios hunkers down behind a large rock, her eyes straining into the darkness. Dan, hyper-alert, listens out for the danger. 48. Their torches cut the cave, looking for danger. The camcorder still plays on the ground: the disorientate terrified girls call to each other
43) 38) dialog: Deputy? Deputy, you okay? CLICK. CLICK. The crawler stalks them somewhere.
43) 40) dialog: Deputy, stay there. Kill your light. He fumbles towards the camcorder- which lies nearer to Ri BREATHING POV: Rios’s back, stalked... Rios, blinking in the dark. Utterly blind. Senses somethi
43) 42) dialog: Deputy? The crawler senses its prey. Turns. Towards Dan’s voice.
43) 43) dialog: Deputy? And Sarah lets it go. Rios is forced to watch the fatal convergence.
43) 44) dialog: Deputy, you okay? I’m nearly there. Sarah holds tight. Not alerting him. Not silencing him. Sentencing him to death. Grabbing the camcorder, Dan stops the playback. Fiddles t change the mode to nightvision. He scans the camera round...
43) 45) dialog: Okay Deputy, I can see- NIGHTVISION GREEN SCREEN: Rios. Her eyes wide and white. Rios, held silent hostage by Sarah. Gasps. Something POPS into the foreground of his screen. A CRAWLER. JAWS WIDE, COMING RIGHT AT HIM... Sharp teeth sever Dan’s jugular and vocal chords. He lets horrible wet harking gasps for air and for help. The dying Dan starts to crawl towards Sarah and Rios. Pul himself along on his back with the little strength he’s g Rios looks to Sarah. Sarah holds still, steely. No choice to let him die. 50. His hand reaches Sarah just as the Crawler rips open his belly. The Crawler looks up from Dan, tilts its head, senses the air. CLICK. CLICK. Sensing in Rios and Sarah’s direction. It edges towards them. Sarah and Rios stay stock-still. Silent. Terrified. Sarah stares at the Crawler. Rios breathes fast and shall behind Sarah’s hand as they both watch the Crawler...move away . The Crawler CLICKS again. Faint CLICKS come in reply from down a TUNNEL. The Crawler turns. Leaves down the TUNNEL. It’s gone. Sarah releases Rios, who rushes over to Dan. Her training kicks in: she pushes his innards back into his belly; tri to stem the blood pumping from his neck.
47) 3) text: Dan, is that you? No reply. Then a faint CLICKING. Cath flashes her light, trying to attract attention.
72) 0) text: The cave floor is dangerously unsecure: deep collapsed ho in places, a thin crust of rock in others. Juno, in the lead, tests the ground in front of her, prod it with her pick handle. It smashes straight through the crust, revealing an endless deep drop below.