4) 0) text: They reach a JUNCTION. Dan gestures to Cath. She puts on headphones. Sweeps each passage with a directional microphone. Under the hiss, SOMETHING FAINT. It sounds like CLICKING. Cath turns up the dial. Concentrates. Half-heard against electronic hum: CLICK. CLICK. Fricative, faintly human. Greg GLUGS his sports drink. Dan silences him. They stand, statues, as Cath focuses, frowns... CLICK. CLICK. Signs of life? Or static hiss? Dan shines his torch in the direction of the microphone. tunnel tapers to a crawlspace. He gives Greg the nod. Greg disappears like a dachshund a rabbit hole. Dan follows. Then Cath.
5) 5) dialog: Who’s Winston Churchill? They KBO. Into a STALAGMITE CHAMBER. Cath emerges last, wet, to a pat on the back from Dan. Th slightest smile. CLICK. CLICK. Their flashlights locate the source of the sound: water dripping on a discarded energy drink bottle.
5) 6) dialog: Could be them.
5) 10) dialog: When can I meet her?
6) 0) text: They climb a sheer rockface. Methodically, skillfully. Halfway up, Greg bangs in a piton, clips a carabiner to i secures a new rope, drops it over the overhang to Cath. As he climbs on, he doesn’t see the piton slip from its anchor position. As the piton takes the strain of Cath’s weight, it POPS f the wall. Cath, on the rope below, falls away... Below, stalagmite spikes await her falling body. Dan reacts fastest: engages his body belay, a mechanical friction brake that grips on her safety rope and stalls h descent... Stopping Cath, inches above impalement
6) 2) dialog: Give up? Now?
6) 4) dialog: My focus’s fine. Dan holds up Greg’s loose nut. Greg’s bravado slips in Ca glare.
6) 16) dialog: You wanna share a sleeping bag?
6) 18) dialog: (snickering) Best skunk I’ve ever had.
21) 4) dialog: (to Cath) Bet it’s got a name. They advance inside. Flashlights illuminate rusty cogs wheels, pulleys. A metal LIFT CAGE sits over an open ELEV SHAFT. Sarah, drawn back into the darkness, stiffens, instantly uneasy. Vaines tries to read recognition in her response.
21) 16) dialog: Too far for our ropes. We could piggy-back on the elevator cables.
21) 18) dialog: Bit creaky, but basically sound.
25) 0) text: Flashlights cut through the dark. The team slosh and scra through the grimy, wet twisty tunnel. Cold and claggy. Greg runs his fingers across a vein of minerals glistenin the wall. He picks up and pockets a glinting nugget.
25) 1) dialog: Goddamned gold mine.
25) 10) dialog: It’s the cave. Greg burrows through a crack in the rocks. Disappears.
25) 11) dialog: We’re getting warm! Greg appears. Holding a cracked snaplight
25) 12) dialog: Snaplight! Miner’s didn’t have these. Vindication for Vaines. He turns to Sarah. They all do.
28) 12) dialog: Woh, wait a minute. I thought she was a victim here? What are you saying, you think she’s a suspect? (silence) This is fucking crazy. Fucking crazy bringing her down here.
28) 23) text: Greg fights on, teeth gritted.
28) 25) dialog: Never better.
29) 0) text: Greg pulls himself out the TUNNEL, takes off his helmet composes himself. Shines his flashlight round. The stone wall is pocked like honeycomb: black hollows le off in every direction. Rios collapses out the tunnel. She gulps air hyperventilating. Greg attends to her.
29) 1) dialog: Breathe with me. In...and out...and in...and out...and in...and out...There you go, lovely big breasts. Seeing he’s trying to lighten the tone, Rios finds a smil But looking back at where she came from chills her.
29) 3) dialog: You did great.
29) 6) dialog: 
29) 9) dialog: It’s nothing. But he’s not sure. He scans his thermal imaging around: nothing... Only the three hotspots of their bodies...
29) 11) dialog: You gotta try and be like me: big empty space between your ears. But something registers in Sarah’s eyes... SUDDENLY, A RED FILLS HIS T.I. SCREEN, A FOURTH HOT SPOT.
32) 0) text: Vaines hears the horrors echoing through the caves. Vaines tracks with his flashlight and Greg’s thermal imag camera down A SERIES OF TWISTING PASSAGES.
49) 2) dialog: 
49) 4) dialog: Cath!
49) 6) dialog: One of these freaks attacked. I just ran.
49) 9) dialog: I’ve been on my own. I thought I was going mad. Oh, God, Cath, it’s good to see you. Cath slaps him.
51) 0) text: Greg and Cath, tantalisingly close to the exit when...
51) 3) dialog: Run.
52) 0) text: Greg and Cath run for their lives... They hit a dead end. They have to turn back They hear crawlers coming. There’s nowhere to go. Down the tunnel, crawlers click, sensing the air... But Cath and Greg have gone. The crawlers stop, sensing out their victims. High above, wedged back to back, with their feet pressed either side of the wall [a climber’s hold] Cath and Greg strain to keep still and silent Finally, the crawlers scuttle past... Greg and Cath drop down. Cath desperately tries her radio.
52) 3) dialog: We don’t know that.
52) 5) dialog: It wasn’t clear. 58.
52) 7) dialog: Whoever it was, he can’t be far. We got a signal. We gotta find them. Cath’s facade quivers, cracks.
52) 10) dialog: Out there, on my own, I was so scared. Together- we’re a team. CLICK. CLICK.
52) 11) dialog: There’s more of them.
53) 0) text: They stop just as suddenly. Teetering on the edge of a GO with a vertiginous drop below. As Cath moves her light back up, she illuminates... SAM. [From the first film.] Dead. Still hanging upside down from a rope in the rock ceiling One of her arms is missing - the shoulder is chewed to th bone. Her innards are spilled over her sides. Cath lurches back in horror. Greg looks at Cath, looks ba into the tunnel they came down. SCUFFLING. 59. Ahead, a deadly drop. Cath scans the roof for a route. Sa rope snakes back through pitons along the roof. Greg thinks fast, slams a piton into their near wall, loo the rope through it, pulls it taut. [The gravity of Sam’s bodyweight tugs the other end tight. ]
53) 1) dialog: Gets us halfway. (raising his pick) I’1l hold them off. They lock eyes. Greg looks determined to make amends. Cath sets out, hand over hand. Cath makes it to Sam. Her decaying body a sticky, putrid, maggot-ridden obstacle. Cath slides down. Cath climbs up the body, hooking her pick in Sam’s ribs a hold. Reaching the roof, she hooks in another piton. Secu a secondary rope to it. Behind Greg, CLICKING and SCUFFLING. Crawlers closing...
53) 3) dialog: Cath. Throw me the rope. I’1l secure it. Cath! But she doesn’t. Instead she pulls her pick
53) 5) dialog: Cath, no. But Cath turns to fights the crawler. Swinging with her p The pitons strain under the triple weight of Sam, Cath an the crawler. 60. Greg’s fixing on the crawler side wall shifts, POPS. Greg can only watch as Cath, Sam and the crawler fall 50 feet...
58) 0) text: Greg struggles on, cold, thirsty, alone. Behind him, CLICK...CLICK, something stirs. Greg spins round, arcs his flashlight... Something is stalking him, scurrying in the shadows... He lights a flare, throws it...Hoping to scare them off. As Greg retreats, the hot light of the flare casts shadow CRAWLERS. Two of them. Nosferatu was never so sinister. Greg’s seen enough. Runs.
59) 0) text: Greg bolts in blind panic. But he’s not as fast as his pursuers. Closing on him in the dark... They jump on his back. Maul him. One sinks its teeth into torso. Greg shrieks. The other scratches at his legs. Greg kicks and swats and bats them off. Finally Greg gets a good look at his attackers. Their shadows made them look bigger than they are. Two TWINS. They’re so small that Greg just stares bewildered. These little Crawlers seem almost cute. Then both twins SNARL viciously, showing razor teeth.
59) 1) dialog: 
74) 0) text: The three of them slip into the blood pool... The stench is horrendous. The sounds are worse: disgustin glimpses wet LIPSMACKS, CHOMPING, TEARING, CHEWING. They wade through the pool...slow, claggy progress They communicate with hands and heads: Stop; Go; That way A discarded bone SPLASHES between them. A false alarm. They press on. All too aware of their prospective fate. Finally they climb out of the blood pool, dripping with blood. They edge on, towards the tunnel. 83. Picking their way through discarded bones. One false foot will alert them all. Rios suddenly steps inches from Greg’s half-eaten head. Rios’s urge to gag intense. PARASITES crawl out, onto her boot. She steels herself, follows the others into the tunnel.