3) 1) dialog: This is Juno. I can’t make the phone right now. Please leave a short message and I’1l get back to you when I can. A long message BEEP.
8) 0) text: A lone building on a deserted mountain highway. INSIDE, an old TV plays a NEWS REPORT about Juno.
26) 11) dialog: Cath’s voice ECHOES up the mine. Sarah tightens, increasingly edgy. CLICK. CLICK. Flashframe: A full-form glimpse of a crawler attack.
43) 25) dialog: Come on... (lights a zippo) I don’t know.
43) 28) dialog: There’s no breeze. It could be any one of these tunnels. Take your pick.
68) 0) text: Juno demolishes a power bar from Vaines’s supplies. Vaine dresses her leg wound, clearly somewhat wary of her feral manic manner.
68) 2) dialog: A pick.
68) 5) dialog: You brought her back down here?
68) 7) dialog: What did she tell you?
68) 11) dialog: Death. Juno barks a dark laugh at Vaines’s stunned state. He poi to her injured leg.
68) 13) dialog: (shakes her head) They were coming for us. She sawa way to survive.
68) 15) dialog: Friendship is weakness. (smearing herself with blood) You want to live? Think like an animal. Lose your human scent. Lose all human traces. Get like them. Move like them. Kill like them. Vaines eyes her warily: this is not a woman to watch your back. He dips his fingers in the blood. INT. “STAIRCASE” CAVE - DARKNESS Sarah and Rios climb up large flat rocks. They move quick efficiently. Working as a team. Sarah can see a marked ch in Rios. She’s toughened. They move onwards. Into...
70) 0) text: Juno and Vaines move through the labyrinthine caves in silence: Juno staggers on her leg, winces in pain. They reach a JUNCTION.
70) 2) dialog: Bootprints. Juno measures the print against her boot. Marginally bigg
70) 5) dialog: Shut up. Juno closes her eyes. The CLICKS come again. Juno angles head, listening, sensing. She looks to a PASSAGE to her left. Then towards another PASSAGE on the right. Her eyes narrow. She grabs Vaines. Pulls him to a wall. P her pick to his neck. A CRAWLER appears from behind a trunk. It CLICKS and sens Vaines breathes erratically. The approaching Crawler sear the ‘forest’. Juno glares at Vaines to control his breath. The Crawler edges closer. Searching the walls. It advances on Juno and Vaines. CLICK in their faces. Jun like stone. Vaines is desperately tries to stead breath and stay stil sweat beading his upper lip. He edges his gun from its holster. Juno shakes her head. Droplets of piss DRIP onto his boots... The crawler turns slowly towards him, smells the air... CLICKING mouth millimetres from Vaines’ wide eyes. Juno strikes. Bites deep into the crawler’s throat. Rips spits out its larynx.
70) 6) text: The crawler drops dead. Vaines stares in shock at Juno’s blood-smeared mouth. He fights against retching. Juno raises a hand, silencing him, sensing MOVEMENT at th far end of the forest. They freeze. Listen. 76. Stalagmites block Juno’s lines of sight. She edges forward cautiously. Axe raised. The MOVEMENT comes again. Her nerves wound tight, Juno works from “trunk” to “trunk She sweeps her light round. Shifts to a new stalagmite. Vaines follows her, terrified. Juno hears something SCRABBLE behind the stalagmite ahead She raises her pick. Psyches herself. Creeps slowly round Then spins out from behind the “trunk”. Launches the pick towards-- Nothing. There’s nothing there. Glimpses movement behind her, reflected in her pick. She spins. Swings her pick, just as another axe hurtles at Ju own face. Sparks fly as the two axes INTERLOCK. Sarah. Juno stares at Sarah as if she’s seen a ghost Juno stares right back. For several seconds, neither speak. Sarah’s icy eyes meet Juno’s fiery gaze. They stand: gunslingers before the dra prizefighters before the bell... Rios and Vaines, ring-side, look to each other, lost Something in their faces stops Vaines stepping in. Sarah and Juno face off, struggling with raging emotions.
70) 10) dialog: So you’re the rescue party. (beat ) So what’s the plan? Silence. No one has a plan. She picks up a skull, tosses it to Vaines.
70) 11) dialog: You ever thought, when we’re not here, what do they eat? Where do they hunt?
70) 15) dialog: (points to Sarah’s ropes) I had no ropes. And no climbing partner.
71) 0) text: They scramble along, struggling to keep their footing. Sa leads, far from comfortable with Juno on her shoulder.
71) 1) dialog: Don’t worry, I’m watching your back. 78. Behind them, Rios scans the thermal imaging camera. Vulnerable at the back, Vaines.
72) 0) text: The cave floor is dangerously unsecure: deep collapsed ho in places, a thin crust of rock in others. Juno, in the lead, tests the ground in front of her, prod it with her pick handle. It smashes straight through the crust, revealing an endless deep drop below.
72) 1) dialog: Stop! Floor’s unsecure. Test every footfall. Walk in each other’s steps. They edge along their precarious path: it’s like walking the crust of a creme brulee. It’s like mine-sweeping: eve footstep slow and perilous. Just then Crawler CLICKS come from behind them. Vaines - at the rear - glances back into the darkness.
72) 4) dialog: We’re nearly through. Vaines can’t bear this mine-field speed. Presses against ahead of him.
72) 7) dialog: Don’t move. Stay still. Rios tries to pull him out. Sarah and Juno come to help. As they tug, the wrenching GROAN of a crack opening up.
72) 12) dialog: Quiet! Stay still! 80. In the deep darkness, SCRABBLING.
72) 21) dialog: Wait. There’s something I didn’t tell you.
73) 0) text: Sarah, Juno and Rios peer round a corner in a TUNNEL, pee round the corner into... A wide, domed chamber. An awful cacophony of raspy wet CHEWING. Wherever Rios aims her thermal imaging camera, it reveals heat blobs. Dozens of heat blobs. Each one a live crawler hardly any floorspace between them, tearing at their fres slaughtered prey- both animal and human.
73) 1) dialog: It’s where they eat. Juno points to the far side of the chamber: a tunnel wet blood from where slaughtered creatures have been brought. To get there, they have to SWIM through the BLOODPOOL [wh run-off blood collects] that runs along the side of the chamber. Rios shakes her head: is Juno mad? Juno nods. It’s the only way. Sarah and Juno hold a long look.
75) 2) dialog: Two people, back to back. A beat. Someone must be left below. Sarah and Rios look a each other, at Juno, not quite trusting her.
75) 3) dialog: I couldn’t climb a tree.
75) 5) dialog: You better. Sarah and Rios, back to back, legs pressed on opposing wa crab their way up the chimney. Every friction hold dislodges small stones and rock dust trickle down. Agonising moments for Juno, at the bottom, aware of the eaters that might be alerted down the tunnel. She sees ho shapes shuffle in her thermal imaging. Rios’s untrained leg wobbles, strains for a hold. They struggle to keep their shape. Knocking a carabiner from Sarah’s belt... It falls forever... 84. Lands with a CLANG. Juno sees crawlers stir, raises her pick. Then the crawlers thankfully return to their troughing. Finally Sarah and Rios reach a ledge, halfway up. From he the chimney tapers such that one person can continue alon
75) 7) dialog: Go. Go after her. Sarah hesitates. Rios looks back, alive to her dilemma. Two huge lead CRAWLERS pincer in on Juno. 85. There’s no escape... Sarah drops down on a rope. She lands her boots on the first crawlers head, slamming pick into the second huge crawler... Sarah faces Juno. No time to talk. A mother of a battle t fight. Whilst Rios climbs, Sarah and Juno hack at whatever comes them. Chopping. Cutting. Smashing...Side by side, Sarah a Juno slice, scythe, sever... A bloody blur of close-quarter combat, Sarah and Juno bar distinguishable from the Crawlers they fight. A Crawler lunges. Sinks its teeth into Sarah’s arm. Juno buries her pick into the Crawler’s back. The Crawler releases it jaws to SCREECH in agony, revealing its neck. Juno rams the axe right into the Crawler’s jugular Juno takes an excruciating claw-wound to her injured leg. Sarah jumps in, taking a heavy gut blow- crawler’s claws- that was meant for Juno. Back to back, Sarah and Juno dispatch the crawlers with a barrage of blows. ...Finally there are none left. Everything is dead. Juno and Sarah stand together at the centre of a bloody circle. Turning, they come face to face with one another. A bapti in blood. From all the tunnels, CLICKS, SCUTTLING... Juno picks up the thermal imaging camera. Every way she turns, down every tunnel, red spots: crawlers, closing in...HORDES OF THEM.
75) 8) dialog: My leg’s fucked. Go. I’11 hold them.
75) 10) dialog: I lasted two days. 86.
75) 13) dialog: 
78) 3) dialog: 
79) 0) text: Dead-end. Sarah and Juno huddle. Two broken warriors.
79) 1) dialog: Your belts still flashing.
79) 3) dialog: You got gas?
80) 3) dialog: I’1l see you in hell.