9) 4) dialog: St. Luke's? That's a hundred k from here?
10) 0) text: The police cruiser winds its way through mountain roads. I/E. ST LUKE’S HOSPITAL - NIGHT Vaines strides in. Rios struggles to match his strides.
10) 5) dialog: New York, it’s called a law suit.
12) 6) dialog: Any sexual violence?
12) 8) dialog: You’ve scraped her fingernails?
12) 10) dialog: It’s Deputy. Ignoring her, the doctor presents a zip-loc evidence bagg Vaines. 12.
12) 12) dialog: We should APB it state-wide. Some sicko might have a story written on his face.
12) 14) dialog: Someone attacked her. He might attack someone else. Vaines holds up Sarah’s bloody clothing.
13) 0) text: Vaines, Rios and the doctor watch Sarah bolt up. Awake. Vaines makes a move for the door- 13.
13) 1) dialog: Chief, let me- I’ve got four years in the sexual trauma unit. I’ve seen a lot of battered women. I’m good at my job.
13) 3) dialog: All the studies show, female vics respond better to other females.
13) 5) dialog: Sarah, I’m Deputy Elen Rios from Hyett County Sheriff’s Department. You’re at Hyett County Hospital. We’ve been looking for you and your missing friends. Been following your Boreham Cavern flightplan. (beat ) Did you go down Boreham Caverns? (beat ) Because your cars weren’t in the car park. And you showed up nowhere near. Overwhelmed, confused, Sarah struggles to remember
13) 6) dialog: Can you remember? Can you remember anything? You’re the only one who knows where your friends are. Sarah shakes her head: it’s all cotton wool, a blurred bl FLASH MEMORY [FIRST MOVIE]: Sarah stuck in the tight crawlspace, fighting to get out as the cave collapses. BACK IN THE HOSPITAL, Sarah stiffens at the memory.
13) 8) dialog: Trapped? Where? Boreham? Vaines watches on as Sarah shakes her head, as much in confusion as negation.
13) 9) dialog: You didn’t go down Boreham, did you? Why did Juno Kaplan file a fake flight plan for Boreham Caverns? Where did you go Sarah?
14) 0) text: BILL, a grizzled outdoorsman, opens the bag of clothes fo his bloodhounds to sniff. Sets his hounds on the hunt. Th pick up a FOREST trail immediately. Bill and DEPUTY RYAN LYNCH follow. INT. SARAH’S ROOM, HOSPITAL - DAY Rios produces a photo: the girls posing outside their cab
14) 1) dialog: Your friends are in real trouble Sarah. (lays down more photos) Sam, Rebecca. Do you know where they are? They need your help. Can you remember anything? Sarah’s eyes lock on the photos of Sam and Rebecca. As she does the BEEP BEEP BEEP of her vitals quickens...
14) 4) dialog: Holly. Beth... FLASH MEMORY -- THE FIRST FILM... HOLLY shouts in pain. Sarah slams a rock down onto BETH’S face. 15.
14) 7) dialog: Beth? Is she okay? What can you remember? The image torments Sarah: it’s not something she cares to share. BEEP BEEP BEEP. Her vitals race faster.
14) 8) dialog: Where are they Sarah? (lays down photo of Juno) Where’s Juno? The BEEPING goes crazy. Sarah’s breathing quickens. Her pupils dilate. A SCREECH pierces through Sarah’s ears.. FLASHBACK TO -- THE FIRST FILM... Sarah and Juno lock eyes. Sarah raises a pick...
14) 11) dialog: Juno- What happened to Juno? What happened to her? Sarah stares back. Vaines studies her: her eyes haunted, her face etched wit the strain- of some shocking secret? Rios, aware of Vaines itching to intervene, tries to keep patient.
14) 12) dialog: Juno. Your friend? What happened to her? Sarah’s eyes waver. Her vitals BEEP faster. FLASH MEMORY: Sarah slams the pick into Juno’s leg. Juno screams. Sarah, drenched in blood, SCREAMS.
15) 6) dialog: I was getting through.
15) 8) dialog: You can’t peel an orange wearing boxing gloves.
15) 11) dialog: I’m A positive. A third of the state is A positive. Beat. Vaines rubs his eyes.
15) 15) dialog: Post-traumatic amnesia. Brain shuts down non-vital systems after extreme stress. Vaines looks to the doctor. He shrugs: ‘could be.’
18) 0) text: Sarah sits numb, shutdown, on the backseat. She feels Vaines’s gaze from the front. Beside her, Rios. From the way Rios locks eyes with Vaines, it’s clear she’ thinks this is a bad decision.
20) 2) dialog: Sweetheart, hi...cookies, oh yummy... No, not tonight. Yes I promised, but remember how we talked about Mommy’s job? How I help people? Well, some people need my help tonight. Be good for Mrs Smith. Sweet dreams. Bye-bye. Bye. The police car pulls up.
21) 5) dialog: Sarah? Is this familiar? Sarah is unresponsivlM@#&hding at the shaft, looking down into the dark, she retreats further into herself.
21) 7) dialog: Sarah? You recognise anything here? All eyes on Sarah: Sarah shrinks; some limbic survival se tells her something’s not right Dan shines his torch down the shaft: his beam doesn’t penetrate the depths of the darkness.
21) 23) dialog: Rios grabs for Sarah... Sarah slips her grasp, catches the lever. The lever’s sudden change of direction grinds hard on the teeth, snapping one, releasing the ratchet grip on the elevator cable. The lift jolts down. Throwing its occupants over, smashing them against the ca and each other. As the gear teeth catch and re-engage, the cage STOPS jus suddenly, throwing everyone down hard. But still Sarah struggles. Rios spins her into an arm loc 24.
21) 25) dialog: Sarah, calm down. It’s okay. It’s in your head. Whatever you’re seeing- it’s not real. It’s trauma. Tricks of the brain. You're safe. The cables CREAK ominously; the stressed metal GROANS. Vaines gets right in Sarah’s face.
21) 27) dialog: Chief, the woman’s traumatised.
21) 29) dialog: You want a drink? You remembered something. What did you remember? Trust me, I want to help you. Sarah stares into the deep black darkness. Dan takes Vaines aside.
22) 0) text: Flashlights. Dan leads the group along a tapering TUNNEL They squeeze past upturned coal carts, rusted mining gear Slow, hard progress, resolutely downward... Sarah, sandwiched between Rios and Vaines, watchful and watched. JUNCTION. Dan checks his map schematic.
23) 0) text: The team weave through pit props that have warped and shi from their foundations. They creak and groan. The roof is partially collapsed, riddled with cracks, rains down regu showers of dust. The threat of total collapse is ever present. 26. Rios fights to rein in her claustrophobia, fails to hide from Vaines. Rios focusses on the job: Sarah.
23) 1) dialog: Recognise anything? Sarah sticks tight to the wall, watchful. Withdrawn. Dan Cath share a worried look. Cath’s torch flickers. Faulty.
24) 0) text: Tight passages. Hollows in the rough walls cast deep shad Form shapes like screaming faces. Sarah’s eyes search every corner for other movement. The shifting flashlights flick across the outline of a figure, hanging in shadow. Sarah freezes. Rios follows her look. She too glimpses something in the shadows .
24) 1) dialog: There’s something there! Everybody swings their lights round. They illuminate-- An old mining lamp, hanging off a warped pit prop. Rios feels Vaines’s withering gaze.
24) 3) dialog: I’m fine.
24) 5) dialog: She look okay?
25) 8) dialog: Sarah, help me help you- you know something. What do you know?
25) 13) dialog: Sarah?
26) 2) dialog: Sarah- Anything you can tell us- anything you recognise- narrow the area- help us find your friends.
26) 5) dialog: What Sarah?
26) 16) dialog: Sarah?
28) 7) dialog: The main arteries are severed. All eyes on Sarah. Vaines looks accusatory.
28) 9) dialog: Chief, it’s her friend-
28) 15) dialog: She came this way.
28) 34) dialog: Breathe. Breathe. Meanwhile, Sarah crawls fast and catches up with Rios. Behind Sarah, Vaines struggles to keep up.
29) 0) text: Greg pulls himself out the TUNNEL, takes off his helmet composes himself. Shines his flashlight round. The stone wall is pocked like honeycomb: black hollows le off in every direction. Rios collapses out the tunnel. She gulps air hyperventilating. Greg attends to her.
29) 2) dialog: I can’t do that again.
29) 4) dialog: I can’t.
29) 8) dialog: What is it? Greg swings his light across the large cave.
29) 10) dialog: Calm down, it’s just in your head.
29) 14) dialog: No reply. Vaines bulls his way through the twisting tunne Rounding a bend, his view still obscured by rock, he glim shadows on the wall, human shapes fighting...
29) 24) dialog: It was so fast. Vaines remembers his thermal imaging camera. Rewinds the image, plays back the frenzied attack: just shapes- but t impression is undeniable- one human form jumping at anoth
29) 25) dialog: I don’t know what happened.
33) 0) text: Dan, Cath and Rios search the tunnels.
35) 0) text: The GUNSHOT quakes through the caves like rolling thunder Above Dan, Cath and Rios, the cave walls REVERBERATE with Vaines’s gun blasts.
37) 0) text: Choking DUST consumes everything. Dan, covered in dust, scrabbles to his knees, coughing. Through the swirling particles, his flashlight picks out. Rios, totally disorientated. Dan hauls her to her feet. Both cough violently as the choking dust subsides. Dan offers Rios his water bottle to wash to her face and rinse her mouth.
37) 6) dialog: Flashlight! A faint flashlight beam just makes it through a huge moun rubble. Dan and Rios scrabble over to the rockfall.
38) 4) dialog: Dan-
38) 7) dialog: Don’t let her hear you like this.
39) 0) text: Dan ploughs on, grim set, out of range, not knowing if he ever see Cath again. Rios follows, unable to find the right words of comfort.
42) 3) dialog: This wasn’t my call.
43) 0) text: Dan and Rios’s boots CRUNCH on something underfoot... Flashlights beams reveal a carpet of bones.
43) 2) dialog: Dan!
43) 6) dialog: These wounds- they’re- savage.
43) 8) text: Cath, can you hear me? Cath, can you hear me? (static hiss) Come on. Cath, can you hear me? In response, LAUGHTER. It’s coming from a CAMCORDER that Rios has picked up.
43) 15) dialog: Leave the others?
43) 32) dialog: What the-
43) 37) dialog: Dan? Dan, where are you? Rios stiffens, hearing SCUTTLING.
43) 39) dialog: I’m over here. The CAMCORDER’S LCD SCREEN casts a ghostly glow: in nightvision, it plays the crawler attack; shows Crawlers disembowelling Holly’s corpse. It gives Dan an idea.
43) 41) dialog: Dan? That you? Dan? 49. A pale, bloody hand grabs Rios from behind...A hand claws round Rios’s mouth. A sharp bone to her throat. It’s Sarah. She pulls Rios down. Covers her mouth. Rios resists. Sarah presses her piton to Rios’s throat. Rios stops resisting. In the dim light cast by the nearby camcorder, Rios sees crawler in front of her, stalking her... Sarah holds her still, silent.
43) 46) dialog: Come on, Dan. Hold on. (to Sarah) Help me. Sarah watches her. But Dan’s finally gone. Rios looks at Dan in horror. Then at Sarah in contempt.
43) 47) dialog: You just let him die. Sarah shrugs past her, works fast: she strips Dan of his and equipment. Rios watches, appalled at Sarah’s ruthlessness. Sarah tools up, pockets Dan’s flares, flashlight, the camcorder. Takes the LAMINATED MINE MAPS. Secures Dan’s b around her own waist. Slots his pick in it. She stands, gives Rios a last look, moves towards a TUNNE the far end of the cave.
43) 48) dialog: Stop. Stop! 51. Sarah stops by Beth’s corpse. Stares down at Beth. Stares back at Rios..
43) 49) dialog: How can you be so fucking cold? Sarah says nothing. Doesn’t move. Rios realises why: two Crawlers have entered the CAVE. Rios shuts up. Freezes. Will the same thing happen again with Rios as Sarah’s escape bait this time? As softly as she can, Rios creeps closer to Sarah. Across the cave, Sarah stands stock still. The crawlers stand between them. Finally, the Crawlers turn away, rush Dan’s body. Snarlin one another, they slowly drag him from the CAVE (in the direction Dan and Rios entered). They’re gone. Taking Beth’s pick, Sarah is already halfway up the TUNNE Faced with being alone in this hell, Rios scuttles to kee up.
46) 0) text: Rios struggles to keep up with Sarah. Suddenly Sarah stop Faces Rios. Fierce with pick in hand. She points over Rios’s shoulder at water dripping off the wall. As Sarah moves off after the water course, Rios sighs rel scurries after her...
48) 0) text: A shallow stream moves down the centre of the tunnel. 54. Sarah stares at the shimmering surface of the water. She spits into it, determining the direction of its current. Follows it. Rios following her.
54) 0) text: Sarah and Rios follow the stream - which is now deeper. A the end of the TUNNEL the water tumbles down step-like ro into an OVULAR cave.... Sarah climbs down the rock steps. Rios slips. Follows. Water flows in from side passages to form a pool. Sarah looks into the pool- sees a CRAWLER’S FACE where he reflection should be... She spins round to attack it... But it’s only Rios there. Rios thinks she’s being attacke Until she sees... The CRAWLER emerges from UNDER the water... Sarah spins round in time to bury a pick into its neck. Killing it. Sarah looks around, her senses attuned to the possibility reinforcements... At the far-end of the cave, water drains slowly into a TU that’s almost entirely submerged. There’s only a GAP of a foot between the water and the ceiling. Sarah wades in. Heads towards the SUBMERGED TUNN
54) 1) dialog: We’re not going in that? Sarah gives her a look: she’s going; it’s up to her if sh follows. Sarah wades on, the water now up to her chest Desperately unhappy, Rios follows. It’s freezing, but Rio forces herself in deeper and deeper. 61.
56) 0) text: Sarah and Rios move down the TUNNEL. Their helmets scrape roof. Only their heads are out the water. Rios’s on the v of outright panic. Ahead they see that the roof dips dramatically into the water. It looks like a solid wall.
56) 1) dialog: It’s a dead end.
56) 3) dialog: No please, wait, please. I can’t...
56) 5) dialog: No! Oh God... Oh God... Rios tries to summon up enough courage to follow Sarah. She takes a deep, sobbing breath. Dives down. 62.
56) 10) dialog: No. Please not again... Sarah just takes a breath. Ducks into the water. Disappea into the gloom. Rios chokes back her dread, takes deep breaths. Ducks dow into the water too.
56) 14) dialog: Sarah? Sarah! Rios looks round, treading water, not knowing what to do. hivering, her breathing reverberates. Water laps into her jouth, makes her cough. Her fear and desperation rise fas Bon
56) 15) dialog: Oh fuck...
56) 17) text: Rios shifts away from it, terrified. BUBBLES pop on the water’s surface. The shadow rises.
56) 20) dialog: (clings to Sarah) You came back.
57) 0) text: Sarah and Rios surface in a long pool, fill their lungs w air. The water flows towards the far point of the pool. Sarah wades forward. Sees that the water is being sucked a tight crack in the rock. Not even big enough to get an through. There’s no way to track the water onward.
57) 2) dialog: There’s no way through? That’s it? Sarah doesn’t respond. Shivering, Rios looks round. She’s willing to give up. Three walls meet at the cave’s apex. There’s a rough “window” halfway up a wall that leads to PASSAGEWAY .
57) 3) dialog: There must be a way. You found a way! Sarah, downcast, runs her hand through the-
57) 5) dialog: I thought you’d left me. No response. Rios pulls out her cellphone to bring up a p of Emily.
57) 6) dialog: This is my daughter. No response. Rios slips around a rock, switches her phone into the VIDEO RECORDER application. 65. She tries to compose herself, to look happy. Then she tur the camera on herself, RECORDS...
57) 7) dialog: Luz, this is mummy. I just want you to know how much I love you. How proud I am. What a lovely girl you are. You be good and kind and caring. You live a good life. Te quiero, te estrafio... As Rios’s voice cracks, Sarah listens. Something in her softens... Rios tries to compose herself, returns around the rock offers the phone to Sarah. Sarah shakes her head.
57) 9) dialog: I’m so sorry.
57) 12) dialog: What’s the scale of this map?
60) 0) text: Sarah and Rios hear the PRIMAL SCREECH echo. They exchang worried look. Hurry to a hole in the rock. Rios hesitates staring into the extremely tight hole.
60) 1) dialog: Moved here for the wide, open spaces. Sarah looks back. A hint of a smile. Sarah contorts herself into the tiny TUNNEL...
61) 0) text: It’s a terrible, claustrophobic place. Sarah advances wit difficulty. Rios squeezes in. Crawls along. Fighting her fear.
63) 0) text: Sarah and Rios continue their belly-crawl. Sarah contorts herself through a kink in the rock. Rios catches her hip. Twists. Wedging herself tighter. He breathing gets bigger. Sarah twists herself, reaches a hand back.
63) 2) dialog: Yeah.
63) 4) dialog: Yeah.
63) 6) dialog: She wanted shoes like her friend Lottie’s. With flashing lights.
63) 8) dialog: Yeah. Smiles. With Sarah’s help, Rios relaxes enough to ease through the kink.
63) 11) dialog: We can’t go back. We can’t turn. And then, ahead of them, a RAT emerges from a hole in the floor of the tunnel. The hole is covered with WEBS and DI but the rat pushes through. Sniffs. Sarah stares at the hole. The only way out now? The rat scuttles towards Sarah’s face. Sniffs at her open eyes. Sarah can’t help but flinch. Startled, the rat SQUE The Crawler reacts instantly. Stares RIGHT at Sarah with dead eyes. Sarah stares back. She has no choice... She moves as fast as she can. Right at the Crawler.
63) 12) dialog: Sarah!? But the Crawler’s coming at them. It’s a race to the HOLE Sarah gets there first. She pushes through the webs. A “chimney” leads straight down. But its walls are moving.. It’s alive with BUGS. Sarah cracks a flare. Throws it at the Crawler, who instinctively rears back. Sarah dives into the BUG HOLE. As Sarah disappears, the Crawler SCREECHES at Rios. But i kept at bay by the fizzing flare. Rios shuffles faster. D headfirst into the BUG HOLE. But the Crawler catches her trailing ankle...
64) 0) text: The walls heave with insects. They cover Rios’s face and body. Scurry into her hair and clothes. Rios screams...
65) 0) text: The Crawler grapples with Rios’s leg. But her boot comes in its hand...
66) 0) text: Rios falls head-first. Through BUGS. Falls and falls... 71.
67) 0) text: And lands in a mire of putrid sludge. Rios’s in a LONG LO CAVE with many exits. She stands, hysterically brushing insects off herself as Sarah watches.
67) 1) dialog: It’s on me! It’s on me! SMACK! From the hole above, The Crawler lands on Rios. Plunging her back into the sludge. Sarah moves fast. BAM! Sarah buries her pick into the Crawler’s face with a her might. Then levers the pick so it tears through the Crawler’s brain. The Crawler screams in agony. Sarah plunges the pick into the Crawler’s chest. Twists. Blood spurts. Bones crack. The Crawler’s history. Sarah yanks her pick free, then notices Rios staring at h stunned. Sarah realises what she must look like. Then Sarah senses something close. CLICKING. Sarah grabs Rios. Pulls her down into the SLUDGE again - that they are almost submerged. A Crawler comes into the cave, CLICKING. It crouches at the edge of the cave... And shits into the sludge. Adding to it. Rios watches, repulsed, realising what she’s neck-deep in The Crawler finishes its shit. Leaves the cave. Sarah helps Rios up. Rios spits out a mouthful of sludge. Picks up her lost boot from beneath the dead Crawler. Pou glop out from it. They share grimaces: it’s almost comically bad.
69) 0) text: The rock glistens. Minerals catch in Rios’s light as she climbs up out of a crack in the wall. Sarah’s right behin
69) 1) dialog: Look, like the mine. We must be close... They share a smile of camaraderie. Keep moving.
70) 6) text: The crawler drops dead. Vaines stares in shock at Juno’s blood-smeared mouth. He fights against retching. Juno raises a hand, silencing him, sensing MOVEMENT at th far end of the forest. They freeze. Listen. 76. Stalagmites block Juno’s lines of sight. She edges forward cautiously. Axe raised. The MOVEMENT comes again. Her nerves wound tight, Juno works from “trunk” to “trunk She sweeps her light round. Shifts to a new stalagmite. Vaines follows her, terrified. Juno hears something SCRABBLE behind the stalagmite ahead She raises her pick. Psyches herself. Creeps slowly round Then spins out from behind the “trunk”. Launches the pick towards-- Nothing. There’s nothing there. Glimpses movement behind her, reflected in her pick. She spins. Swings her pick, just as another axe hurtles at Ju own face. Sparks fly as the two axes INTERLOCK. Sarah. Juno stares at Sarah as if she’s seen a ghost Juno stares right back. For several seconds, neither speak. Sarah’s icy eyes meet Juno’s fiery gaze. They stand: gunslingers before the dra prizefighters before the bell... Rios and Vaines, ring-side, look to each other, lost Something in their faces stops Vaines stepping in. Sarah and Juno face off, struggling with raging emotions.
70) 9) dialog: In what way? He has no answer. 77. Juno raises her axe...then strikes... Releasing it like a tomahawk. Past Sarah’s shoulder... SLAM! Into the skull of [the earlier] CRAWLER that lurks behind her. It falls, DEAD. Juno barges past Sarah, retrieves her weapon. Looks aroun her, unimpressed.
70) 13) dialog: And you know how they get there? (Juno nods) So let’s go.
71) 3) dialog: Three mad bitches.
72) 5) dialog: Chief, slow and steady.
72) 9) dialog: We can’t leave him. Vaines reads ruthlessness in Sarah’s look: he knows she l Juno. And he’s no friend to her. Vaines grabs her tight, grapples her. They struggle. Sara pulls her arm away. Only to find that Vaines has cuffed her wrist to his.
72) 20) dialog: Which way? 82. Juno points.
73) 0) text: Sarah, Juno and Rios peer round a corner in a TUNNEL, pee round the corner into... A wide, domed chamber. An awful cacophony of raspy wet CHEWING. Wherever Rios aims her thermal imaging camera, it reveals heat blobs. Dozens of heat blobs. Each one a live crawler hardly any floorspace between them, tearing at their fres slaughtered prey- both animal and human.
74) 0) text: The three of them slip into the blood pool... The stench is horrendous. The sounds are worse: disgustin glimpses wet LIPSMACKS, CHOMPING, TEARING, CHEWING. They wade through the pool...slow, claggy progress They communicate with hands and heads: Stop; Go; That way A discarded bone SPLASHES between them. A false alarm. They press on. All too aware of their prospective fate. Finally they climb out of the blood pool, dripping with blood. They edge on, towards the tunnel. 83. Picking their way through discarded bones. One false foot will alert them all. Rios suddenly steps inches from Greg’s half-eaten head. Rios’s urge to gag intense. PARASITES crawl out, onto her boot. She steels herself, follows the others into the tunnel.
76) 0) text: Rios climbs. Emotion shudders through her. But as Rios climbs higher and higher, she grits her teeth ...fixes her eyes on the light at the end of the TUNNEL. Onward, upward, toward the light.
77) 0) text: Crawlers HUNT. VOICES draw them deeper into the dark... They hunt it down. Turn a corner, find... THE CAMCORDER... playing..the party scene.. all the girls the first film...laughing and having fun...friends... A false trail. 87. A crawler sniffs the camcorder, swipes it aside. The crawlers listen out for other noises. Hearing Rios GRUNTS and SCUFFLES as she climbs... With lethal speed, they set out after her.
78) 0) text: Rios makes for the light above. Below, she hears the crawlers. Then she sees them.
80) 0) text: Rios climbs towards the light, knowing the others are bel
81) 0) text: With Crawler SCREECHES and smoke rising behind her, Rios climbs up toward the light.
82) 0) text: Rios spills out into the surface. Dawn is just breaking. Spectral light. She’s halfway up the mountain. Deep in forest. She rolls over. Overwhelmed. Gulping air. Practically cry Then she sees a stag. Running for its life, from unseen predators. Blurred shapes, chasing it through the trees. A familiar CLICK...CLICK... Rios’s face suddenly tightens.
82) 1) dialog: They hunt above ground. Rios looks around. The nightmare’s not over Rios hunkers down, pulls out her mobile phone. Dials 911. 89.
82) 2) dialog: This is Deputy Elen Rios. I need backup. Hearing a noise, she turns back to the sinkhole. Peers back into the darkness...
82) 3) dialog: Sarah? Juno? Straining to see into the pitch black. Flashframe: CRAWLER JAWS, CLOSING IN... BLACK.