0) 1) dialog: Hi, this is Sarah Carter. I’m away for the rest of the month and won’t be picking up messages.
11) 0) text: Bedside monitors BLIP Sarah’s vital signs. Stable. Then, suddenly, the BLIPS quicken. Sarah's eyes pop open. Bewildered. Struggling to compute where she is and how she got there. She eyes the unfamiliar room: her bed, her drips, her machines, her window. [It eerily echoes the first film, w she woke after the death of her family. ] She hears a sound: an all too familiar sonar CLICK. From under the bed... CLICK. CLICK. Closing in. She leans over to peer under the bed... A TALONED HAND shoots out. Sarah recoils. 11.
12) 0) text: CCTV monitor: Sarah, under CCTV observation, jolts, huddl The image is PAUSED. Vaines watches with DR. ROGER PAYNE. [Greybeard, gut, Vaines’s fishing buddy. ] Dr Payne fast-forwards the footage to: Sarah thrashing at invisible assailants. The doctor stops the playback
13) 0) text: Vaines, Rios and the doctor watch Sarah bolt up. Awake. Vaines makes a move for the door- 13.
13) 7) dialog: Trapped. 14.
14) 0) text: BILL, a grizzled outdoorsman, opens the bag of clothes fo his bloodhounds to sniff. Sets his hounds on the hunt. Th pick up a FOREST trail immediately. Bill and DEPUTY RYAN LYNCH follow. INT. SARAH’S ROOM, HOSPITAL - DAY Rios produces a photo: the girls posing outside their cab
14) 6) dialog: Beth-
14) 10) dialog: Juno-
14) 14) text: Sarah convulses, tugging her drip from her hand. She clut her head. Trying to shut out the onslaught of her memorie To make sense of the fragments inside her mind. Vaines can’t contain himself any longer, charges in.
18) 0) text: Sarah sits numb, shutdown, on the backseat. She feels Vaines’s gaze from the front. Beside her, Rios. From the way Rios locks eyes with Vaines, it’s clear she’ thinks this is a bad decision.
21) 21) dialog: DON’T GO DOWN. THERE’S SOMETHING DOWN THERE. Sarah lurches for the lever.
22) 0) text: Flashlights. Dan leads the group along a tapering TUNNEL They squeeze past upturned coal carts, rusted mining gear Slow, hard progress, resolutely downward... Sarah, sandwiched between Rios and Vaines, watchful and watched. JUNCTION. Dan checks his map schematic.
23) 0) text: The team weave through pit props that have warped and shi from their foundations. They creak and groan. The roof is partially collapsed, riddled with cracks, rains down regu showers of dust. The threat of total collapse is ever present. 26. Rios fights to rein in her claustrophobia, fails to hide from Vaines. Rios focusses on the job: Sarah.
24) 0) text: Tight passages. Hollows in the rough walls cast deep shad Form shapes like screaming faces. Sarah’s eyes search every corner for other movement. The shifting flashlights flick across the outline of a figure, hanging in shadow. Sarah freezes. Rios follows her look. She too glimpses something in the shadows .
26) 14) dialog: SHUT UP! THEY’LL HEAR YOU! A sudden, ferocious intervention: Sarah tries to smother from speaking. Both Dan and Greg compete to assist Cath. 30. The police officers take Sarah.
26) 17) dialog: Creatures. She sees their faces: mirrors to her madness. Sarah stung Rios’s look.
31) 0) text: Sarah, tucked in the shadows, watches flashlights disappe down other passages. She tucks tight, kills her light.
40) 0) text: Sarah, emerges from the shadows, coated in dust. Barely human. A drip of water lands on her face, runs down her cheek li tear. Sarah traces the water source: a seam in the rock. She runs her hand down it as it widens, tracking its cour
43) 21) dialog: Dead animals. Hundreds of them.
46) 0) text: Rios struggles to keep up with Sarah. Suddenly Sarah stop Faces Rios. Fierce with pick in hand. She points over Rios’s shoulder at water dripping off the wall. As Sarah moves off after the water course, Rios sighs rel scurries after her...
48) 0) text: A shallow stream moves down the centre of the tunnel. 54. Sarah stares at the shimmering surface of the water. She spits into it, determining the direction of its current. Follows it. Rios following her.
54) 0) text: Sarah and Rios follow the stream - which is now deeper. A the end of the TUNNEL the water tumbles down step-like ro into an OVULAR cave.... Sarah climbs down the rock steps. Rios slips. Follows. Water flows in from side passages to form a pool. Sarah looks into the pool- sees a CRAWLER’S FACE where he reflection should be... She spins round to attack it... But it’s only Rios there. Rios thinks she’s being attacke Until she sees... The CRAWLER emerges from UNDER the water... Sarah spins round in time to bury a pick into its neck. Killing it. Sarah looks around, her senses attuned to the possibility reinforcements... At the far-end of the cave, water drains slowly into a TU that’s almost entirely submerged. There’s only a GAP of a foot between the water and the ceiling. Sarah wades in. Heads towards the SUBMERGED TUNN
56) 0) text: Sarah and Rios move down the TUNNEL. Their helmets scrape roof. Only their heads are out the water. Rios’s on the v of outright panic. Ahead they see that the roof dips dramatically into the water. It looks like a solid wall.
56) 2) dialog: The water’s flowing. There’s a way through. (beat ) I’m not going to wait for you.
56) 4) dialog: (cold) It’s all in your head. And Sarah disappears into the water. Rios watches, terrified.
56) 8) dialog: Lose the helmet. Sarah shines her flashlight ahead. The roof dips down aga
56) 9) dialog: And don’t think. Sarah takes off her helmet. Moves backwards, face upwards Now there’s only an inch above the surface. Rios copies h Rios and Sarah’s noses brush the ceiling for a few horren metres, their eyes wide in the murky water. Finally the roof rises, giving them several inches of bre space. Rios’s shivering. Terror-stricken. They put their helmets back on. Move further. Come to another wall.
56) 21) dialog: Save your breath. Sarah dives down, pulling Rios with her... 64.
57) 0) text: Sarah and Rios surface in a long pool, fill their lungs w air. The water flows towards the far point of the pool. Sarah wades forward. Sees that the water is being sucked a tight crack in the rock. Not even big enough to get an through. There’s no way to track the water onward.
57) 1) dialog: No... Her emotionless face breaks. She smacks the rock blocking escape. Then pulls herself out onto rocks at the side.
57) 4) dialog: Water.
57) 8) dialog: My daughter died.
57) 10) dialog: She was my world. There’s a sympathy here. Suddenly illuminated in the opposite corner of the cave - across the water - is JESSICA, with her birthday cake. Sa melts. But then makes a decision to look away. She looks to where Jessica was sitting. Jessica is gone. Rios has watched all of this with slight alarm. Sarah takes out the maps from her belt, nods up at the ‘window’ in the rock above.
57) 11) dialog: Vent shafts. All deep mines have them to get air to the miners. If we can follow a seam, break back through into the mine, find one of these shafts-
57) 13) dialog: You don’t want to know. 66.
60) 0) text: Sarah and Rios hear the PRIMAL SCREECH echo. They exchang worried look. Hurry to a hole in the rock. Rios hesitates staring into the extremely tight hole.
61) 0) text: It’s a terrible, claustrophobic place. Sarah advances wit difficulty. Rios squeezes in. Crawls along. Fighting her fear.
63) 0) text: Sarah and Rios continue their belly-crawl. Sarah contorts herself through a kink in the rock. Rios catches her hip. Twists. Wedging herself tighter. He breathing gets bigger. Sarah twists herself, reaches a hand back.
63) 1) dialog: Luz, that means light?
63) 3) dialog: She boss you around?
63) 5) dialog: When did she last boss you around?
63) 7) dialog: Did you buy them?
63) 9) dialog: Stick with those shoes. They’1ll get you out. Then Sarah’s helmet light picks something up ahead of the
67) 0) text: And lands in a mire of putrid sludge. Rios’s in a LONG LO CAVE with many exits. She stands, hysterically brushing insects off herself as Sarah watches.
69) 0) text: The rock glistens. Minerals catch in Rios’s light as she climbs up out of a crack in the wall. Sarah’s right behin
70) 6) text: The crawler drops dead. Vaines stares in shock at Juno’s blood-smeared mouth. He fights against retching. Juno raises a hand, silencing him, sensing MOVEMENT at th far end of the forest. They freeze. Listen. 76. Stalagmites block Juno’s lines of sight. She edges forward cautiously. Axe raised. The MOVEMENT comes again. Her nerves wound tight, Juno works from “trunk” to “trunk She sweeps her light round. Shifts to a new stalagmite. Vaines follows her, terrified. Juno hears something SCRABBLE behind the stalagmite ahead She raises her pick. Psyches herself. Creeps slowly round Then spins out from behind the “trunk”. Launches the pick towards-- Nothing. There’s nothing there. Glimpses movement behind her, reflected in her pick. She spins. Swings her pick, just as another axe hurtles at Ju own face. Sparks fly as the two axes INTERLOCK. Sarah. Juno stares at Sarah as if she’s seen a ghost Juno stares right back. For several seconds, neither speak. Sarah’s icy eyes meet Juno’s fiery gaze. They stand: gunslingers before the dra prizefighters before the bell... Rios and Vaines, ring-side, look to each other, lost Something in their faces stops Vaines stepping in. Sarah and Juno face off, struggling with raging emotions.
70) 14) dialog: If you know how they get out, how come you didn’t.
72) 3) dialog: No, keep it steady. CLICK...CLICK...
72) 8) dialog: It’s no good. The floor will give way.
72) 16) dialog: The keys. Realising he’s fucked, Vaines fumbles for the keys. Finally gets them. But the first crawler BITES into his arm. He drops the keys. They fall into the darkness.
72) 17) dialog: Juno! Juno realises immediately what Sarah’s asking her to do. 81. She glances at Vaines, overrun by crawlers, realising he’ going to die. Juno raises her pick.
72) 18) dialog: Juno! Please. Juno has to lean down into the shaft to have a shot. It puts her directly in Vaines’s eyeline. He watches in horror as Juno aims the pick at his wrist. The collective weight shifts further back. One more pull Sarah’s gone too...
72) 19) dialog: Please. Juno slams the pick into Vaines’ wrist Vaines SCREAMS hideously. Rios watches on in shock. But Juno hacks again. And again. Through skin, sinew bone gristle, tendons. There are eight bones and four joints i the wrist. It’s bloody, grisly work. Again, Vaines is pulled harder, tendons strain, rip. Last tendon. Blood down him. Crawler on throat-- pulling them down. Juno has one last shot. A final sinew stretches and snaps as... Vaines falls away. The crawlers fall with him. Disappearing down into the dark Sarah hangs free. They hoist her up over the lip. Vaines’s severed hand dangles from her cuffs. Disgusted Sarah tries to shake it free. It remains persistently in place: takes some effort to get it loose. They back away from the drop. Sarah meets Juno’s eye. Nod something approximating thanks.
73) 0) text: Sarah, Juno and Rios peer round a corner in a TUNNEL, pee round the corner into... A wide, domed chamber. An awful cacophony of raspy wet CHEWING. Wherever Rios aims her thermal imaging camera, it reveals heat blobs. Dozens of heat blobs. Each one a live crawler hardly any floorspace between them, tearing at their fres slaughtered prey- both animal and human.
75) 1) dialog: We can’t hammer in holds, we’ll upset the neighbours.
75) 4) dialog: We’1l drop a rope.
75) 6) dialog: Keep climbing. Rios hesitates, then presses on for the top. At the bottom, Juno winces at every SCUFF of her boots, e falls of dislodged rock. Sarah throws a rope down, tugs it tight for Juno. Juno starts her rope climb, struggling with her injured l alert to every noise. The metallic CLICK of every clasp. CREAK of rope. The JANGLE of metal buckles against rock.. Juno hears crawler’s rustling. Nervous. Sarah holds the rope, taking Juno’s weight, her muscles burning, her hands burning against taut rope. Juno’s injured leg buckles as she struggles to yank herse up faster. She loses her grip, slips back to the bottom. Juno struggles to steady herself, flailing for handholds the smooth rockface. SLAM. Juno lands hard at the bottom- lets out a CRY. She grits her teeth against the pain. Too late. Crawlers stop eating! An eerie silence. Sarah can see two crawlers closing in on Juno below her Juno swings her pick, fending them off. Above her she can see Rios climbing towards the light. She could leave now and follow Rios.
75) 9) dialog: You wouldn’t last a minute.
75) 11) dialog: I know. The crawlers close fast. Sarah coughs up blood, presses the deadly gash on her tor Juno understands the full extent of her injuries. A device on Sarah’s belt FLASHES red: Dan’s gas detector.
75) 12) dialog: Methane. That stuff’1ll kill you. Reading each other’s thoughts, they somehow find smiles. Hearing the crawlers coming through the tunnels, Sarah an Juno turn to face them. Both wield picks. Tired. Fighters in the final round. Juno can barely walk. Sarah’s little better: her breathin laboured; dripping blood. Together they stumble away from sinkhole, towards the enemy, into the darkness.
78) 1) dialog: 
79) 0) text: Dead-end. Sarah and Juno huddle. Two broken warriors.
79) 2) dialog: It’s a fashion thing. It’s Dan’s gas detector: on red alert for methane.
79) 4) dialog: Something terrible. You got a light?
80) 2) dialog: That’s Holly’s? (Juno nods) This is yours. 88. Sarah hands Juno the ‘love each day’ pendant Paul gave he They interlock the pendant in their hands. They share a look. A silent communion.
80) 4) dialog: Not if I see you first. The Crawlers inch closer. Surround Sarah and Juno. Sarah flicks the lighter. The naked flame ignites the METHANE. A FIREBALL rolls through the cave, swallowing and smiting everything. Killing all CRAWLERS... Consuming the CAMCORDER: all the girls, in the cabin, laughing...