7) 1) dialog: Dan. The voice stops Dan. History here. He turns to face CHIEF DEPUTY REDMOND ‘RED’ VAINES. An old-school lawman, who sh from the hip, Vaines looks tired and careworn.
7) 3) dialog: Nothing?
7) 5) dialog: Not our Sheriff. Outside, they see Riley, bathing in news camera lights. The TV in
7) 7) dialog: Like Zorro. the corner distracts:
7) 10) dialog: Great.
7) 12) dialog: And I’m sure it’s all good.
7) 14) dialog: No, go on.
7) 18) dialog: Did Sarah Carter know? (Dan shakes his head) I need to talk to the husband.
7) 20) dialog: Seems she’s still getting over it Olanzapine. It’s an atypical antipsychotic. The clue’s in the last word.
9) 0) text: Vaines’ cell phone RINGS.
9) 1) text: Lynch, what’s up? What? Where? Vaines remembers the cameras. Moves away.
9) 2) dialog: Give me an hour. Not a word on this. Closing his phone, Vaines strides to his deputy ELEN RIOS vehicle. He’s old school, white and male. She’s an ex-cit cop [29], Hispanic, a woman in a man’s world. They’re cha and cheese.
9) 3) dialog: Deputy, St Luke’s, fast as you can.
9) 5) dialog: So don’t drive like a girl. (stopping Rios’s hand) And stay off the siren. Keep the vultures off our backs.
10) 0) text: The police cruiser winds its way through mountain roads. I/E. ST LUKE’S HOSPITAL - NIGHT Vaines strides in. Rios struggles to match his strides.
10) 1) dialog: (reaching reception) Marie sugarpie, I’1ll reconsider those traffic tickets for a cup of joe.
10) 3) dialog: Hot and wet. Vaines winks. Rios winces as they walk on.
10) 4) dialog: Here in the country Rios, it’s called being friendly. 10.
10) 6) dialog: Beats me why you ever left. Rios’s face frames the same question. A WARD NURSE steps into the sheriff’s path.
10) 7) dialog: Right, where’s the mystery girl?
10) 9) dialog: She what?
10) 11) dialog: I got five missing girls out there and you put the one person who knows where they are to SLEEP? Vaines looks like he might hit him. The nurse shrinks bac
12) 0) text: CCTV monitor: Sarah, under CCTV observation, jolts, huddl The image is PAUSED. Vaines watches with DR. ROGER PAYNE. [Greybeard, gut, Vaines’s fishing buddy. ] Dr Payne fast-forwards the footage to: Sarah thrashing at invisible assailants. The doctor stops the playback
12) 2) dialog: Physically?
12) 4) dialog: A dog?
12) 13) dialog: Put it on the radio, we’ll have the press down here like flies on shit. Let’s keep a lid on this til we’ve spoken to Sarah Carter.
12) 15) dialog: How do we know it was a he? Lotta blood for scratches and bruises. We should run matches on the other five girls. And run their dental records against that bite wound. And call Tracker Bill. I want his dogs on this right away. INT. HOSPITAL - RECOVERY ROOM - DAY. Sarah stirs, scans the room, sweaty and disorientated. A NURSE has her back to Sarah, checking Sarah’s vitals on monitors.
13) 0) text: Vaines, Rios and the doctor watch Sarah bolt up. Awake. Vaines makes a move for the door- 13.
13) 2) dialog: This ain’t exactly domestic abuse.
13) 4) dialog: You mean women? (beat ) Fuck up, I’1ll step straight in. INT. HOSPITAL - SARAH’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS Sarah watches warily as the two police officers walk in. Vaines hangs back as Rios approaches the bed.
14) 14) text: Sarah convulses, tugging her drip from her hand. She clut her head. Trying to shut out the onslaught of her memorie To make sense of the fragments inside her mind. Vaines can’t contain himself any longer, charges in.
14) 15) dialog: 
14) 18) dialog: Go ahead, Deputy-
15) 1) dialog: 
15) 3) dialog: Chapel mine? Any sign of the other girls?
15) 5) dialog: Keep looking. Rios steps out into the corridor, steaming.
15) 7) dialog: You were getting nowhere. 17.
15) 9) dialog: Rios, some day soon, come round my place, sit on the porch, sip a soda, speak to my wife. You’ll see, I can be nice. But now I got five girls missing. Dr Payne interrupts, holding a print-out
15) 12) dialog: The hell do you think’s gone on here? I don’t know whether I’m looking at a victim or a suspect. (silencing Rios) And you don’t either.
15) 14) dialog: She can’t remember jack shit.
15) 16) dialog: For how long? (the doctor shrugs) Those girls don’t have that long.
16) 3) dialog: Look, I don’t want to shift the whole circus, just need a couple of men to pick up where the dogs left off.
16) 5) dialog: Jesus, Dan, every night in my dreams I go down Slapton Quarry, body bag those two little girls and bring out them out to their momma. Don’t tell me you don’t too. Dan looks over at Cath, asleep. He gently covers her wher her blanket has slipped. Greg, not asleep, watches.
16) 6) dialog: What if we took Sarah Carter? See if she remembers something? Narrow the search area.
18) 0) text: Sarah sits numb, shutdown, on the backseat. She feels Vaines’s gaze from the front. Beside her, Rios. From the way Rios locks eyes with Vaines, it’s clear she’ thinks this is a bad decision.
19) 1) dialog: You recognise this? Sarah feels Vaines’s eyes still on her.
20) 1) dialog: This ring any bells? Sarah shakes her head. At the mine entrance, the RESCUE TEAM’s TRUCK awaits. Dan Cath and Greg, kitting up, salute greetings. Rios’s cellphone RINGS. Rios tries to shield her cellphon conversation from all around, especially her boss.
20) 3) dialog: When you’re ready, Deputy. Vaines gets out and opens Sarah’s door.
21) 3) dialog: My gun stays with me.
21) 6) dialog: Hello? This is Hyett County Sheriff Department. ANYBODY THERE?!
21) 9) dialog: It’s a big mountain. I’m sure there’s some foxhole somewhere she coulda climbed out. But we don’t know it- and this takes us direct to the main vein, connects to the cave system. Right?
21) 12) dialog: We don’t know they’re dead. I just want confirmation we’re in the right arena. Get the nod, narrow down the area.
21) 14) dialog: Dan, we got five girls might still be alive. She’s the only one who's been down there. There’s a million miles of caves and fuck-all time. Bend the fuckin’ rules.
21) 17) dialog: Why not just take the elevator? Greg and Cath examine the elevator’s cogs and gears.
21) 20) dialog: Something down there you want to tell me about? (Sarah says nothing) Deputy. Rios escorts Sarah into the lift. Vaines clanks closed the cage door. Sarah suddenly looks trapped. The elevator is packed with bodies. Claustrophobic. Rios struggles for space. Air. Closes her eyes, taking clandes deep breaths. Opening her eyes, she sees Vaines, watching her, alive to her vulnerability. Vaines puts his hand on the release lever. Dan and Greg t the winches... Vaines releases the lever. The lift starts THE DESCENT... Sarah watches tombstone slabs of rock passing by inches f her face. Her dread rising as they descend. Above, the drum wheel turns, playing out lift cables. The wood shuttering CREAKS. Slowly the cage descends. To the terrible CLICK of ratchet teeth. Down, down, down. Darkness swallowing them up. The square of light above them receding... Sarah’s eyes, watching it go... Trying to ignore the GRINDING of the cables. Of an endless descent, a descent into hell. Soundtracked by the CLICK...CLICK...CLICK...of lift gears It’s like Sarah is descending into her past, her memories The deeper they go, the more dilapidated the mineshaft, t more degraded the mechanism. Nervous looks: do they keep going? CLICK...CLICK... 23. Each click a little aural trigger in Sarah’s head, reverberating and distorting... CLICK...CLICK... Little toxic timebombs, threatening to burst in her head. FLASHFRAME: The snap of a demonic jaw. Too short and blur to comprehend, long enough to shock. Her imagination in overdrive, Sarah can barely breathe. S shuts her eyes, trying to shut out the nightmare. But she can’t shut out the CLICK, CLICK of ratchet teeth. The CLICK, CLICK of sprocket teeth... That haunting inhuman CLICKING that rattles in her head shards of memory stabbing through... Her eyes spring open...Seeing... FLASHFRAME. In the rock relief, like a Goya devil, a CRAW snaps at Sarah... ...Sarah snaps from her stupor. She THRASHES, LASHES OUT...
21) 22) dialog: 
21) 24) dialog: Rios, you got her? But Sarah wants out. She thrashes for freedom. Rattles th cage. Vaines wades in to assist. Together they cuff her t its metal wall, restrain her.
21) 26) dialog: You remember something?
21) 28) dialog: They down here? They down here? (to Dan) Get us to the bottom. Dan hesitates. Vaines’s eyes brook no argument. Dan releases the lever. They continue their descent... With teeth missing, sprockets jag and slip on every revolution; the movement down is jerky and unsettling. Wary eyes flit between Sarah and the fractured mechanism. The lift grinds and stutters down. Finally, CLANK. The cage THUDS against the stone floor at the bottom of t shaft. The door at the bottom is bent, buckled and rusted. Greg struggles to yank it partially open. They have to squeeze and struggle through the gap. Vaines and Rios escort Sarah out. Vaines catches Dan’s lo Sarah huddles tight to a wall. Small, silent, watchful. R attends to her. 25.
21) 31) dialog: You heard her, Dan. They’re down here.
21) 33) dialog: Let me worry about her. Let’s just get to the cave. Beat.
22) 0) text: Flashlights. Dan leads the group along a tapering TUNNEL They squeeze past upturned coal carts, rusted mining gear Slow, hard progress, resolutely downward... Sarah, sandwiched between Rios and Vaines, watchful and watched. JUNCTION. Dan checks his map schematic.
23) 0) text: The team weave through pit props that have warped and shi from their foundations. They creak and groan. The roof is partially collapsed, riddled with cracks, rains down regu showers of dust. The threat of total collapse is ever present. 26. Rios fights to rein in her claustrophobia, fails to hide from Vaines. Rios focusses on the job: Sarah.
25) 6) dialog: What’s that? A pit pony? Dan scours the crime scene: claw marks run down one wall. 28.
25) 14) dialog: Time to help us find your friends.
26) 3) dialog: 
26) 6) dialog: 
26) 15) dialog: Who’1l hear you? Your friends? Sarah feels all the eyes on her. She can’t formulate word
26) 18) dialog: Creatures.
27) 1) dialog: Hello? Hello? Sarah surveys the dark, terrified what their shouts will attract. No one notices as Sarah grabs a weapon of her ow sharp flint fragment. She slips it into her trousers. The team reach a JUNCTION: THREE TUNNELS confront them. Dan’s light catches a glint in the MIDDLE TUNNEL
27) 4) dialog: If the boot fits- The way Sarah stares at the boot is recognition enough fo Vaines, who shines his light up the TUNNEL. 31.
27) 6) dialog: 
28) 4) dialog: She’s still alive. The woman’s “chattering” teeth CLICK again. Sarah can barely breath.
28) 5) dialog: Miss? You okay? Miss? Vaines moves closer. Reaches out. Touches the woman’s fac Her head lolls sideways. It’s REBECCA... Dead. Half of her face is missing. Ripped away. But, eeri her jaw is still chattering. Vaines edges in to look. Slo a fat rat slips out from inside her mouth.
28) 6) dialog: Jesus! The group reels backwards. Sarah’s legs buckle; she struggles to breathe. Rios goes to the body. Examines it.
28) 8) dialog: Who did this? Do you know who did this?
28) 10) dialog: If she’s innocent, she’1l wanna help us help her friends.
28) 14) dialog: Dan, I see you keep your team well disciplined. Beat. Dan stares down Vaines. Betrayed. Rios’s flashlight settles on a scrap of Rebecca’s clothin just inside a TIGHT TUNNEL that disappears into the rock.
28) 16) dialog: Let’s go. Beat. Dan and Vaines lock looks.
28) 28) dialog: Rios- Vaines scrutinises her, to see if she hesitates. Rios determined not to, nods, squeezes into the tunnel... Vaines turns to Sarah.
28) 29) dialog: You don’t leave my sight. Sarah doesn’t move. Vaines shoves her in, bulldozing hims in behind her.
28) 30) dialog: Rios’1l be right in front of you. I’1l be right behind.
28) 35) dialog: Slow down. Sarah ignores him. Cursing, Vaines redoubles his effort.
29) 13) dialog: 
29) 15) dialog: 
29) 19) dialog: 
29) 22) dialog: Rios. He slaps her round. She is groggy, disorientated.
29) 23) dialog: Rios, what the hell happened here? Where did she go?
29) 26) dialog: Jesus Christ, Rios. Vaines looks at her with contempt SCREAMS [Greg] echo from down the tunnels. Vaines spots bloody drag-marks leading into one of the honeycomb tunnels. Drawing his gun, he follows the blood. Ten feet down, Vaines catches a glimpse of movement, give chase deeper into the honeycombs.
30) 0) text: The honeycomb caverns are a maze. Multiple choices at eve turn. Vaines tracks the blood trail. Hearing SCUTTLING feet, he speeds up...
32) 0) text: Vaines hears the horrors echoing through the caves. Vaines tracks with his flashlight and Greg’s thermal imag camera down A SERIES OF TWISTING PASSAGES.
34) 0) text: Vaines hunts his prey. Suddenly, SCUFFLING SOUNDS in shadows draw his beams. Frustrated with his flashlight’s limited range, he switch to TI. Holding his gun in his other hand, he tracks... Through corkscrew tunnels. Alert to ambush points at every corner. 39.
34) 1) dialog: Sarah? Sarah, this is Chief Vaines. I know you’re scared. Let’s just take it easy, talk this out. A humanoid hot spot skids across his thermal imaging fram Vaines hunts it out, scouring the darkness. From nowhere, a red figure suddenly FILLS his thermal ima Rushing him. Right on him. Slashing at him. BOOM. Vaines FIRES A SHOT off, deflecting the attacker ju as it SLAMS into him and knocks his flashlight aside. DARKNESS.
35) 0) text: The GUNSHOT quakes through the caves like rolling thunder Above Dan, Cath and Rios, the cave walls REVERBERATE with Vaines’s gun blasts.
36) 0) text: As the dust clears, Vaines sees there is no way through t rubble, he curses through his coughs, turns back, looking another route.
41) 0) text: Vaines reaches a JUNCTION, faces a choice of five tunnels has absolutely no idea which to take. 44.
45) 0) text: Vaines stumbles over rocks. Splashes through water. Reach another junction, he spins round, aware he is lost. Alone 52.
45) 1) dialog: Rios? Rios, you read me? (shouts)
45) 3) dialog: I, Redmond Bertram Vaines, do solemnly swear to protect and serve the community. (opens his eyes) To protect and serve. He gets up, soldiers on.
50) 0) text: Vaines hears FAINT MOVEMENT again. He swings his light. F nothing. Heartbeat rising, he moves to a TUNNEL JUNCTION. Directs his beam into each tunnel...
50) 2) dialog: Jesus. With shaking hands, Vaines reaches for Dan’s radio. But a grabs it, Dan’s body falls. Vaines leaps away. His pulse racing, Vaines unclips Dan’s radio...
50) 3) dialog: Can anyone hear me? Dan’s dead. Sarah Carter’s killed him...
51) 1) dialog: ...Greg..? Cath..? ...You hear..? Dan’s... dead... kill... 57. The Funeral Crawlers raises their heads. HISS.
51) 2) dialog: Come i... Greg. Co... in. Cath snaps off her radio. Hardly dares look... Greg’s eyes search round. Meet Cath’s.
55) 0) text: Vaines stares into the dark ahead. Then from the TUNNEL behind, Vaines hears MOVEMENT. He spins his light into th TUNNEL.
55) 1) dialog: Hello? Somebody there? Show yourself. Just beyond his light, Vaines senses more movement. Nothing. Adrenaline rising, Vaines moves into the TUNNEL. Breathing POV: Vaines shine his flashlight round, unaware he’s being watched.
62) 0) text: Vaines presses on. Hearing MOVEMENT behind him, he spins... A FIGURE shifts quickly into darkness. But as Vaines aims his light, the figure’s gone. Vaines settles his beam on a SMALL OPENING low in the roc He pulls his gun, ducks down. Inches into the OPENING. Shines his light inside... It’s a DARK TUNNEL. Vaines squints into the darkness, sca his flashlight at... Two eyes, glaring back SLAM! The FIGURE launches at Vaines, who tries to fight i off. But it’s too fast and strong. It pins Vaines down. Flashe climbing axe. Vaines stares up in fear.
62) 1) dialog: Juno! 69. It is JUNO. Axe raised. Filthy, feral, her face half-ripp away .
62) 2) dialog: We’re here to rescue you.
68) 0) text: Juno demolishes a power bar from Vaines’s supplies. Vaine dresses her leg wound, clearly somewhat wary of her feral manic manner.
68) 1) dialog: This is a knife wound-
68) 3) dialog: Sarah Carter did this? 72. Juno looks at her- how did he know?
68) 4) dialog: We found Sam and Rebecca’s bodies. And she attacked my deputy. Got away .
68) 6) dialog: She was the only lead we had- fucking maze down here- Did she kill them all? Holly? Beth? Juno, remembering that SHE killed Beth, hesitates, focuss on replacing the batteries in her helmet light.
68) 8) dialog: Crazy shit, creatures, monsters. Just babbling. Was it the dark? Or the drugs? CLICK. CLICK. Juno suddenly freezes. Wide-eyed. Silent. Staring past Vaines. A CLICKING sound comes from behind h Vaines turns. Squints into the shadows at the far end of cave... Slowly a figure steps through Vaines’ light, coming towar them. Vaines stares at the Crawler in utter disbelief. Stunned, Vaines turns back to Juno. But she has gone. Vai looks round, panicking.
68) 9) dialog: Juno? The Crawler CLICKS, sensing Vaines. Vaines looks back at the approaching Crawler. But it has slipped back into the dark He flashes his flashlight around, desperate to locate the threat... Nothing... 73. From nowhere, the Crawler HISSES in Vaines’ face. Bares i teeth... Juno drops from the ceiling onto the Crawler. Buries her into the side of the Crawler’s head, levers its handle do crunching the blade up through bone and brain. The Crawler splutters. Dead. Juno pulls her axe out, stands up. Wipes the axe on her thigh. Vaines stares at her. Stares at the dead creature.
68) 10) dialog: What is it?
68) 12) dialog: But they didn’t do that?
68) 14) dialog: Hell of a friend-
70) 0) text: Juno and Vaines move through the labyrinthine caves in silence: Juno staggers on her leg, winces in pain. They reach a JUNCTION.
70) 1) dialog: Fuckin’ maze- Taking a breath, Juno catches her reflection in the blade her pick: she puts her hand to her face. She looks haunted by herself, then her face hardens as sh sees-
70) 3) dialog: I know she left you for dead. But when we find her, don’t you be thinking about any payback. Justice is my job. Juno says nothing. Her eyes trouble Vaines. She scrambles off, after the trail. Vaines scrambles after her-- INT. “FOREST” CAVE - DARKNESS Juno and Vaines crisscross between thick stalagmites that up like tree trunks. Juno leads, her eyes constantly shifting. She sees someth on the floor, she quickly bends to look at it Another BOOTPRINT. She changes direction and moves off. 75. Vaines moves after her, jumpy, alert to every shadow. Crawler CLICKS echo nearby. Juno freezes.
70) 4) dialog: What do we-
70) 6) text: The crawler drops dead. Vaines stares in shock at Juno’s blood-smeared mouth. He fights against retching. Juno raises a hand, silencing him, sensing MOVEMENT at th far end of the forest. They freeze. Listen. 76. Stalagmites block Juno’s lines of sight. She edges forward cautiously. Axe raised. The MOVEMENT comes again. Her nerves wound tight, Juno works from “trunk” to “trunk She sweeps her light round. Shifts to a new stalagmite. Vaines follows her, terrified. Juno hears something SCRABBLE behind the stalagmite ahead She raises her pick. Psyches herself. Creeps slowly round Then spins out from behind the “trunk”. Launches the pick towards-- Nothing. There’s nothing there. Glimpses movement behind her, reflected in her pick. She spins. Swings her pick, just as another axe hurtles at Ju own face. Sparks fly as the two axes INTERLOCK. Sarah. Juno stares at Sarah as if she’s seen a ghost Juno stares right back. For several seconds, neither speak. Sarah’s icy eyes meet Juno’s fiery gaze. They stand: gunslingers before the dra prizefighters before the bell... Rios and Vaines, ring-side, look to each other, lost Something in their faces stops Vaines stepping in. Sarah and Juno face off, struggling with raging emotions.
70) 7) dialog: Girls, that’s enough. Kiss and make up. We don’t have the time. He might as well be mute.
70) 8) dialog: HEY! You hear me. I’m in charge here.
70) 12) dialog: This is a stag’s skull. They hunt above ground?
71) 2) dialog: Listen Rios, we gotta watch ourselves. Don’t know which of the two mad bitches is worse.
72) 2) dialog: They’re coming. Move it.
72) 6) dialog: You’re not at the back. Behind, his light picks up moving shadows. 79. Vaines fights every instinct to go fast. Loses the battle Hurrying to get past, Vaines goes off route, puts a foot wrong. Loses it through the floor. His foot stuck fast, h struggles to get it out.
72) 10) dialog: Get. Me. Out. Sarah reaches for his keys. They tussle. The crack widens... Then the ground buckles under his bodyweight, cracking op to reveal a deep vertical fissure in the rock Vaines tumbles into the sheer shaft, held dangling from S by the cuffs, pulling her over the ledge with him. Rios grabs her legs. Juno reaches out for Vaines. It takes all three of him ju to stop him falling.
72) 11) dialog: Pull me out. But he’s too heavy- they can’t pull him up. From deep below, in the darkness, CLICKING...
72) 13) dialog: No, get me out! They’re coming! Sarah looks down past Vaines: figures emerge from the bla below. Two crawlers.
72) 14) dialog: Come on! Rios and Juno strain to yank Vaines out. He’s too heavy. Below him, Crawlers are closing fast up out of the dark
72) 15) dialog: Hurry! A First Crawler closes in. A Second Crawler right behind The first crawler jumps on Vaines’s back, using his flesh claw holds. Vaines SCREAMS. The crawler instantly doubles the downward weight, tuggin Vaines back into the shaft, pulling Sarah down wit him. R holds tight. But they are all being pulled into the precipice. The second crawler grabs at Vaines’s legs. Gnawing at his boots. Tripling the weight. SLUMP. They all slip back further. Vaines screams louder. Blood bursts from his mouth. As Vaines is pulled backwards, Sarah clings to a rock, wi her free hand to anchor herself.