1) 0) text: A cool, fall day in the city translates to freezing on th C-G-B. Cars rumble and roar in pummeling, uninterrupted streams. The wind howls, but the bridge defies it all. So does the lone man walking across. PARKER. His own solidity and tension matching thatSof tHe bridge. One tough sonofabitch. Angry; coo. . His worn, unpressed gray suit coat flutters behind him. Arms swing easy as he walks. Headed to the city. A bridge away from completing a journey back from the dead.
25) 0) text: We hear a radio voice talking "a beautiful Friday morning A primer gray '74 Chevy Nova rolls down the street.
54) 4) text: Then the door cpens. A broad shouldered cuy in a GRAY SUI steps out. The door locks behind him.
54) 5) dialog: Can I help you?
54) 7) dialog: Yes. Turn around please. Val knows why this is being asked.
54) 9) dialog: Turn around. Val turns, raises his hands as the man frisks him. He pulls a 9mm from a shoulder holster, a .38 from a holster in the small of Val's back, a .22 from an ankle holster.
54) 10) dialog: This isn't how Mr. Carter likes his visitors.
54) 12) dialog: This way. Val follows Gray. The door is buzzed open.
54) 14) dialog: 
54) 21) dialog: Mr. Carter will see you now.
55) 0) text: MR. CARTER looks out a window with a telesccpe. Impressiv he conjures visions of Wall Street and high finance. His back is to Val as he enters. Leaving them, Gray close the door. Carter continues looking through the telescope. Val stands there, realizes with a start there's another m in the room. A formidable looking man a BLACK SUIT sitting in the far corner. He doesn't notice Val ar all.
55) 54) text: Gray and Black close in a step. Carter walks 1 Black and Gray laugh at eayrore wit. Val does,
65) 0) text: Parker enters. He susses cut the room, stares up at the security camera cver the unmarked door across the way. Gray steps out. He has no idea who Car rois. GRAY oo Can = heip you? .
65) 2) dialog: I don't know what ing about.
65) 8) text: Parker looks genuinely interested in one of the articles. As he turns the page, Gray comes back.
65) 9) dialog: Mr. Carter will see you. Parker sets down the magazine, stands.
65) 10) dialog: Turn around so I can frisk you. Parker obliges, raises his arms. Wary, Gray pats him down Finishing, he steps back, a little surprised.
65) 11) dialog: You're clean.
66) 0) text: Carter sits at his desk. Black sits in his usual corner spot. Carter looks up as Parker enters followed by Gray. Carter motions to one of two chairs across from the desk.
66) 3) text: ray's face just Parker rams the heel of his clatter over backwards. above the nose. Gray and
66) 7) text: Close ic. Carter lets the cun drop into the drawer, closes it. He looks from cx tS Gray.
88) 0) text: Black and Gray (from Carter's office) look across, follow as Phil's sedan puils out.
101) 0) text: It's a jam coming in, but clear sajiing rolling out. And the Roadrunner rolls. Rosie be! eye wheel, driving Parker out of the city. He he came to do. 7 He looks across at enere fy skyline. It looks dull, gray, dying. Somewhere a ho blares. As they continue across the bridge and away... FADE TO BLACK. The En