38) 0) text: Leather booths and big, padded chairs. It's empty. Save for a corner table. Three scary 40ish bruisers in immaculate suits, DOUG, STAN, and LOU, share a top-notch cabernet. Doug and Stan see Alonzo, react like they've seen a ghost. Lou turns, sees Alonzo. And quickly stands. It's tense. Like there could be a gunfight. Jake's hand creeps to his gun. Alonzo and Lou converge, trading serious questions and answers with their eyes. Jake watches Stan and Doug. They watch him. Alonzo and Lou grab hands grimly. (CONTINUED)
38) 21) dialog: Spent twelve months trying to catch this serial burglar. A real slickster, gave up nothing. Captain rode my ass the entire time. What broke it? Luck. Caught in the act by a patrolman. We had him. Prosecutor's first major case but he slam-dunked it. From a stepladder. Jury deliberates half a day. Comes back guilty on ten out of eleven counts. The shitbag was looking at a twenty-five minimum.
38) 23) dialog: Sentencing was today --
38) 25) dialog: Right. Landers.
38) 27) dialog: Before this guy goes to the hearing, he gets a hold of some peanut butter and packs his ass crack with it. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
38) 32) dialog: Before the arraignment hearing today, the guy gets a hold of some peanut butter and packs his ass crack with it. He's standing tall before the bench to give his statement, shoves his hand down his pants and comes out with a gob of fuckin' extra-chunky Jiff. Coulda heard a pin drop. Bailiffs wouldn't come near him. He looks the judge right in her eyes and licks his fingers clean. Holy shit. The judge, she screams. All these homeowners are there to read statements, they run out screaming. breaking up. Stan and Lou too. OO.
38) 33) dialog: No wait, here's the punchline. Judge orders him to psychiatric.
38) 35) dialog: Won't do a day in prison.
38) 37) dialog: I see him on the street, I'm gonna fuckin' do him.
38) 45) dialog: Kid's gotta learn.
38) 70) text: Lou, Doug, Stan and Alonzo stare back at him.
78) 0) text: Jake shoves the nine in his waistband and crosses to the sedan. Lou, Doug and Stan exit the car. They've been waiting.