38) 0) text: Leather booths and big, padded chairs. It's empty. Save for a corner table. Three scary 40ish bruisers in immaculate suits, DOUG, STAN, and LOU, share a top-notch cabernet. Doug and Stan see Alonzo, react like they've seen a ghost. Lou turns, sees Alonzo. And quickly stands. It's tense. Like there could be a gunfight. Jake's hand creeps to his gun. Alonzo and Lou converge, trading serious questions and answers with their eyes. Jake watches Stan and Doug. They watch him. Alonzo and Lou grab hands grimly. (CONTINUED)
38) 22) dialog: Minimum. Bye-bye, toilet-licker.
38) 34) dialog: Fucker'1l do six months in the puzzle factory before they say he's normal and kick him loose.
38) 44) dialog: You're an asshole.
38) 49) dialog: No shit.
38) 57) dialog: Heard you had an expensive weekend in Vegas. How'd you screw up so bad?
38) 63) dialog: Whose?
38) 69) dialog: It's your call. Do not dick this up. I do not want you on the front page with the rest of those assholes. Alonzo smiles. And the men speak in hushed tones. Jake turns to look.
38) 70) text: Lou, Doug, Stan and Alonzo stare back at him.
72) 0) text: Another pigeon coop. Chairs, a card table, potted plants; a little oasis. The edge of the roof approaching fast, and its concertina of razor-wire. Jake's chest hits it -- oof! An iron spike atop a fence a mere inch from his ear. Jake pulls himself onto the roof. Smack! Alonzo nails Jake's face with the war bag of cash. Jake is stunned, Alonzo grabs the gun tied to Jake's hand and both hit the deck. They wrestle as Alonzo gets a finger in the trigger guard -- POP-POP-POP-CLICK! Emptying Jake's PISTOL. Using his gun as brass knuckles, Jake punches Alonzo's head. Alonzo head-butts Jake, knees him in the crotch. Jake gasps in agony. Alonzo stands, begins stomping Jake's head. Jake rolls out of the way. Alonzo kicking. Jake rolling... Right off the edge of the roof. Jake falls a story to -- THUD! -- a roof below. Alonzo looks down at Jake. Who looks half-dead. Alonzo looks at his watch -- he has 25 minutes. Alonzo spits on Jake and moves on. Alonzo crosses to a stairwell and disappears. 81 82 114.
78) 0) text: Jake shoves the nine in his waistband and crosses to the sedan. Lou, Doug and Stan exit the car. They've been waiting.
78) 1) dialog: Where's the money, Jake?
78) 3) dialog: That's not necessary. (CONTINUED)