1) 1) text: A delicate hand caressing a muscled bishop. A woman's leg entwined around a man's. A cascade of red hair falling across an unshaven cheek. Two faces pressed tightly together in a kiss. The faces belong to ALICE and DAN, and as their moans bui to a crescendo we realize it isn't pain we're hearing but opposite.  Afterwards...
1) 3) dialog: her relaxed, happy face gazes up from the pillow.  She tu and smiles at Dan. Dan sleepily smiles back, then gently reaches out to care her shoulder.  Their eyes hold for a moment.  Alice leans over and kisses him.
1) 4) dialog: I'm going to take a shower. Dan nods and closes his eyes, still smiling.  Alice climb from bed.  FOLLOW HER.
2) 0) text: Water pours down into the drain from the shower.  TIGHT o Alice's HEAD AND SHOULDERS as she steps INTO FRAME and st under the cascading water.
2) 3) dialog: glances down.  Nothing.  Turns back the jets of water.  T pressure builds up a little.  She turns it down.
2) 6) dialog: Oh great.  The drain monster strikes  again.
2) 7) dialog: stands back up now, a little apprehensive.  As the water  rises to her knees, the pressure from the shower jet sudd DOUBLES!  Gallons of water now BLAST into the shower.  Al tries to turn it off but the handles come off in her hand She tries to open the shower door.  IT WON'T BUDGE!  She' trapped and now the water is climbing to her neck!  Frant Alice POUNDS on the glass!
3) 0) text: the door opens.  But it is no longer Alice's glass shower door.  It's one of the heavy doors in the asylum.  As it  opens toward CAMERA, Alice stumbles out of the STATIC WAL WATER into a dark room.  The door closes behind her and m into the wall. Alice looks around.  She is in a dark empty corridor.  Tw doors flank both ends of the hallway.  One opens. Alice tries to peer beyond it.  Darkness.  Slowly, she ge to her feet and steps through it...
4) 6) dialog: looks down at herself.  Now she is dressed in an old  fashioned nurse's uniform.  White and starched.  There is name tag over her left breast.  It reads: AMANDA KRUEGER. Alice barely has time to react when she hears the first  orderly impatiently say...
4) 8) dialog: No...WAIT!
4) 10) dialog: whirls around.  WHIP PAN with her as she discovers that t door she came through is no longer there. She turns back to the room, frightened.  Starts moving fo the bolted steel door at the far end.  As she hurries  forward, the maniacs notice her.  All heads turn.  Horrib faces peer at her from everywhere.  Some of the men move  toward the center of the room, blocking her way. Alice stops.  There is no way past them to the door.  She turns.  The maniacs move in on her from all directions.
4) 12) dialog: watches, terrified.
5) 0) text: Alice lunges up from bed INTO FRAME.  SCREAMING.  Dan  immediately sits up beside her, concerned.  A hand rests her shoulder, between them.  Alice realizes where she is.
5) 1) dialog: Jesus...
5) 6) dialog: pushes him away with every ounce of her strength.  She st to sit up...
6) 0) text: Alice sits up, terrified!  Looks around in panic.  Realiz she's alone in bed.  Where's Dan?  She reflexively glance toward her open bedroom window.  Its curtain gently billo with the morning breeze.  Dan has gone home. Alice tries to collect herself.  The dream is over.  But can tell by her face that she is far from all right.  She pulls on a robe and shakily climbs from bed.
7) 0) text: Alice moves toward the shower.  Pauses before it.  Takes breath and opens the door.  Looks inside.  Normal enough. Turns on the water.  Watches apprehensively as it pours  serenely down the drain.  She'd really rather not, but Al reluctantly starts to remove her robe...
8) 10) text: Alice!  Yvonne! Through the swirling crowd we see Alice standing with YVO a very grounded black girl.  Her father stands with them. Alice is a little glum, but Yvonne breaks into a wide gri they both turn toward Greta. YVONNE
8) 11) text: Hey, girl! Yvonne gives Alice a little tug and they hurry toward Gre
8) 14) text: Yvonne! Alice isn't getting into the spirit of things.  Yvonne tr to inject a little enthusiasm into her. YVONNE (to Alice)
8) 15) text: C'mon, honey! Alice joins in, trying to be cheerful. ALICE
8) 21) text: Hey, what's wrong with you -- let's see a  smile. ALICE
8) 23) text: Dan keeping you up again?  Put a lock on  that window, girl. ALICE (smiling)
8) 27) text: Makes you look like a nun-- ALICE (trying to cheer up)
8) 31) text: Maybe I should spell it for you. ALICE (playfully)
8) 35) text: My undying love.  Have some. Yvonne and Alice laugh. ALICE
8) 42) text: Pimples, heartburn, cellulite... and no  modeling career. ALICE
8) 48) text: Oh, hi, Dad.  I thought the guys could  hang out with themselves. They offer up a trio of hellos.  Alice turns to Mark. ALICE
8) 54) text: Can we get into that later, Dad? There is an awkward beat as everyone falls quiet. ALICE
8) 57) text: Yeah, before they revoke his diploma. As Alice turns away, the cheerful face she put on dissolv and we see that underneath she's still on the edge. FOLLOW ALICE through the crowd.  Suddenly, a DARK SHAPE l up behind her, lifting her in a bear hug. Alice jumps,  startled.  As the big arms twirl her around she comes fac face with Dan.  He smiles. DAN
8) 58) text: Hi, beautiful. ALICE
8) 60) text: Sorry, babe. He sets her down, his feelings hurt.  Alice recovers. ALICE
8) 62) text: Got a present for you. He reaches into a pocket beneath his gown.  Grins as he h her two AIRPLANE TICKETS tied with a ribbon.  She tries t enthusiastic, but doesn't come off. ALICE
8) 64) text: They're coach seats, but the plane lands  in Paris.  It's gonna be a helluva  summer, hon! ALICE
8) 65) text: I know. Dan's well-acquainted with Alice's moods.  He turns to he with a lover's required patience. DAN
8) 66) text: Okay, babe.  What's the matter? ALICE
8) 68) text: He'll show up.  C'mon, what's really  wrong? Alice hesitates. ALICE
8) 70) text: About him? ALICE
8) 72) text: You stopped it didn't you?  It was  probably just a regular bad dream.   ALICE
8) 74) text: You don't dream him up, he can't hurt  you.  Or me.  Or us.  Remember... ALICE
8) 77) text: Love you. ALICE
8) 84) text: We're talking about your future. Mrs. Jordan shoots a less than friendly look at Alice. MRS. JORDAN
8) 85) text: Excuse us, dear. ALICE
8) 86) text: It's okay, Dan Dan and his parents move away with the coach.  Alice star after them as they disappear into the crowd.  Turns away.
8) 89) text: You know my mother -- get real.  What  about Alice's? Alice shakes her head. ALICE
8) 91) text: Well we gotta do something! Yvonne shares an amused look with Alice, then steps in ta control. YVONNE
8) 95) text: Pool party!  I dig it!  Babes in wet T- shirts.  No -- topless!  Fucking heaven! The three girls look at each other, annoyed.  Then break in mischievous grins. ALICE
8) 98) text: What'd I say? The girls help pull a chagrined Mark from the fountain.   Suddenly, Alice frowns, remembering something. ALICE
8) 104) text: Damn.  They caught me, too.  Guess I'd  better go gnash my thousand-dollar teeth  for the paparazzi. Alice glances at her watch.  Looks around for someone.  C find him.  She looks a little more unhappy.  As Mark, Gre and Yvonne prepare to go... ALICE
8) 107) text: Congratulations, Alice.  You looked  beautiful up there.  I'm so proud of  you...gee, thanks Dad. VOICE (O.S.)
8) 108) text: You do look beautiful. Alice looks up, surprised.  Her father stands before her, near a tree.  She smiles.  Her father tentatively smiles  back; a gruff man, uncomfortable with emotional displays. ALICE
8) 109) text: I was afraid you weren't coming. ALICE'S DAD
8) 110) text: I watched from behind the stands.  Didn't  want to embarrass you, ya know.  "The  drunk showed up", that kind of thing... ALICE
8) 111) text: That's in the past.  Unless you've  stopped going to the meetings. ALICE'S DAD
8) 112) text: No.  A deal's a deal. He produces a wrapped present from behind his back.   Hesitates, awkward, then hands it at her.  Alice's face  lights up as she stares at the package. ALICE'S DAD (cont'd)
8) 113) text: Well, go on.  Open it. She gleefully rips the paper off and opens the box.  It's camera.  She smiles, delighted and surprised. ALICE
8) 114) text: Dad! ALICE'S DAD
8) 115) text: It's the model you've been saving up for.   I wanted you to have it for your trip. Alice stares lovingly at him. ALICE
8) 116) text: I don't give a damn what they might  think.  You're terrific. She gives him a kiss on the cheek.  He tries to take it i stride.  She ponders him a second longer.  Then takes his and begins to lead him toward the foundation. ALICE'S DAD
8) 117) text: Where are we going? ALICE
9) 2) text: Call me when your shift ends. Alice nods.  Dan shakes her father's hand. DAN (cont'd)
9) 3) text: Goodbye, sir.  I'll have her home by  August. Alice's father frowns. DAN (cont'd)
9) 4) text: Just kidding. Dan smiles at Alice and heads off.  Alice hands her gown flowers to her father as he opens the car door. ALICE
9) 5) text: Thanks for everything, Dad. ALICE'S DAD
9) 6) text: You sure you don't want a ride to work? ALICE
9) 7) text: It's just across the park. He climbs into the car.  Smiles his gruff smile. ALICE'S DAD
9) 8) text: Okay, angel.  Have fun tonight. Alice waves goodbye as he starts the car.
10) 0) text: Alice walks down an empty street.  Perhaps too empty to b right.  There is a faint SING-SONG NOISE, but it's not ye discernible as anything.
10) 1) dialog: gives a faint look of ominous recognition.
11) 1) dialog: sees something.
11) 3) dialog: Her face hardens with resolve. ALICE
11) 6) dialog: grows more determined.  Heads into the park.  CAMERA STAY WITH HER  as she moves with increasing speed.
11) 9) dialog: has left the path.  She moves rapidly now through branche that tear at her clothing and her face.  Soon she is runn blindly in the direction of the ever present VOICES.  She breaks through some bushes and finds herself in a...
11) 14) dialog: stares with intrigue as the children's voices fade.
12) 0) text: Completely deserted.  Alice moves slowly down a seemingly endless corridor.  She passes a deserted reception area, an empty nurses station.  Open doors lead into frightenin pits of darkness all along the hallway. INTERCUT Alice's pensive watchful face with the shadowy  ominous world through which she is walking.  We just know that something really nasty is going to happen.  As she  passes an open doorway, she hears a strange, animal SOUND form the room within.  She pauses, looks inside, then rec with shock as she sees a sheep, it's mouth all bloody,  standing with it's lamb, near the carcass of a large, dea snake.  Suddenly she hears the sound of rusty wheels and  whirls around to see:
12) 2) dialog: as she backs against the wall watching the evil pram roll past.  Then Alice notices something beyond it, far down t corridor.  CAMERA follows her gaze to...
12) 4) dialog: reacts.  Runs past the stroller towards the nun. THE WHITE OF A NUN'S HABIT SWIRLS OUT OF CAMERA to reveal staircase. SHOOTING FROM OVERHEAD as Alice moves INTO FRAME and star up the staircase.
12) 7) dialog: as she looks back up the stairs.  She takes one step forw and...
13) 1) dialog: looks around, horrified and confused.
13) 4) dialog: sits bolt upright on the gurney. ALICE
13) 6) text: The crowd of spectators...orderlies, nurses and doctors, all backed away and now crowd the walls of the room.  STO ALICE AMONG THEM AND TRACK INTO CLOSE UP.  (Alice is stil hospital gown.)
13) 10) dialog: tries to understand the meaning of her words.
13) 21) dialog: watches, transfixed.  Then...
13) 22) text: streaking towards Alice.  He scuttled between her legs an out through the double doors. AMANDA (0.S. cont'd)
13) 26) dialog: turns back to the doors.  She moves slowly and deliberate
13) 28) dialog: scared but determined.  She stops in front of them.
13) 30) dialog: takes a deep breath and reaches out to open the doors! Nothing awful grabs her.  Her expression changes to one o horrified recognition.
14) 1) text: moving past row after row of pews.  There are SLIMY, GULP NOISES now, SOUNDS even more unspeakably unpleasant that thing's BRAYING.   The SOUNDS echo in a way that tells Alice nothing about w they're coming from.  The thing could be anywhere.
14) 2) dialog: ain't to happy about that!
14) 4) dialog: stops for a moment...staring at the place she thought she left her nightmare forever. There is a SLITHERING SOUND from the steps leading to the altar!
14) 5) dialog: watches in horror.
14) 7) dialog: Her eyes widen as she realizes what is about to happen. ALICE
14) 10) dialog: runs toward the altar. There is an EAR-SPLITTING NOISE OF WOOD BEING RIPPED AWAY
14) 13) dialog: can only desperately, impotently try to crawl "uphill"  through the dust and smoke towards the impending  resurrection, powerless to prevent it.
14) 14) text: Alice's struggle to reach Freddy before he is "resurrecte with... SPLINTERING WOOD; SHATTERING GLASS; the RISING ALTAR. CLOSE SHOTS of bits and pieces of Freddy's metamorphosis through the growing dust of the crumbling church, as that embryonic thing GROWS...into clothes...into the glove...i the body.
14) 15) dialog: struggles, but there is no way she can even reach the alt and God knows what she could do even if she did get there
14) 16) text: of Freddy's mid-section, stretching fully into shape.  An then, suddenly... The floor falls back into its level position with a dust  raising THUD.  Alice hits the ground.  HARD. SILENCE.  And dust.  Then.
14) 17) dialog: raises herself up off the floor.  Looks around.
14) 19) dialog: in BACKGROUND, through the smoke as...in EXTREME FOREGROU CLOSE-UP, the charred remains of a hand, reconstructing  itself, reaches down and slips into the glove.
14) 24) dialog: backs away from him, frightened...and angry.  Freddy's no a very good mood, either.  The two circle each other, kee their distance. ALICE
14) 25) text: You can't come back!  I locked the door  on you! Freddy laughs, a dry rasping cackle.  Takes a step closer her.  Terrified, Alice reflexively strikes out.  But Fred vanishes.  His chilling laugh echoes around the church wa Alice follows that laughter with her frightened eyes,  searching for him.  Suddenly... Freddy appears right behind her.  He slips his arm around waist and caresses her tummy with his clawed hand. FREDDY
14) 26) text: But I found the key! Alice almost jumps out of her skin.  She spins around to Freddy throw his head back and CACKLE...then a shaft of l comes through the rear doors of the church.  Freddy turns toward it.  His laughter abruptly dies.  Alice faces the doors too.
14) 32) dialog: starts to move towards Amanda.  Picks up her pace as she  goes. ALICE
14) 35) text: Rid yourself of... But just as Alice is about to reach the doors, they SLAM  CLOSED in her face. ALICE
14) 36) text: No! Alice struggles to get the big doors open.  When she does she hurries through only to find herself...
15) 0) text: ...walking through the diner's front door.  (She's back i her street clothes.)  The place is empty.  Too empty.  We certain that Alice is still in her nightmare.  She looks  around.  Puzzled.  Completely freaked out.  She feels the counter and furniture, checking out the "reality" of the  place. VOICE (O.S.) (near shout)
15) 1) text: Alice!  Where've you been? Alice damn near jumps out of her skin.  Spins around!  It ANNE, a classmate and co-worker of Alice's.  She's pretty pissed off.  Relieved, Alice starts to break down.  She's obviously disturbed and frightened. ALICE
15) 3) text: You're hours late. She throws her apron at Alice.  WHIP PAN with the apron t Alice.  She's genuinely stunned. ALICE
15) 5) text: The party'll be history by the time I get  there... Great! Alice just stands there, stunned.  Anne shakes her head a moves toward the door. ANNE (cont'd)
15) 6) text: I wish I could get a prescription for  whatever you're on. ALICE (not hearing)
15) 8) text: I said thanks a lot, Alice.  For nada! The door slams as Anne goes out.  Alice reaches for the  telephone.
16) 4) text: So what did your dad say about you and  Alice going to Europe? Dan passes the beer to Mark, who lines it up next to the he's already got.   DAN
16) 7) text: Dan.  And he's taking Alice with him --  pretty good dive Yvonne.  You've been  practicing. YVONNE
16) 21) text: Hands off squirrel.  That's for me and  Alice...for later. Behind them we hear the SOUND of a glass breaking O.S.,  followed by a loud OUCH!  They turn toward the sound.
17) 0) text: Alice talks on the telephone - trying to remain calm. ALICE
17) 2) text: I was awake when it happened.  Do you  understand what I'm saying?  He must have  dreamt himself up...Jesus, Dan...I'm  scared. She listens.  Seems to feel a little relief. ALICE (cont'd)
18) 3) text: Alice beckons. Dan starts to hurry away.  Mark calls to him. MARK (cont'd)
19) 6) text: I'm calling about my wayward ex-son  Daniel, who has just acted like on  ungrateful, unmanageable Dickweed, ever  since he was seduced by this bimbo, slut- whore, Alice... Dan's eyes open and he stares in shock at the radio which transformed itself into a rusting antique. DAN
20) 2) text: Alice!.... Dan turns, and charges toward the parking lot.
23) 2) dialog: she is pouring a late night CUSTOMER a cup of coffee.   Suddenly...the restaurant SOUNDS distort.  She hears Dan' VOICE calling her name.  Alice snaps to as the coffee cup she's filling overflows.  She drops the pot of coffee.  T entire wall behind her changes to
23) 5) text: Dan... DAN'S HIDEOUS FACE PULLS AWAY as his DISTORTED, GROTESQUE BODY goes flying backwards down a long MEMBRANOUS TUNNEL from Alice. He disappears into the depths just as Alice reaches the w She stretches out her hand...and the wall returns to real
23) 6) dialog: is wracked with a SPASM and PAIN!  She clutches her stoma and doubles over, as though she'd been kicked.  She fight the pain away.  Then gets up and runs wildly to the stree
24) 0) text: Alice charges out of the diner.  Behind her, far down the street, we can make out the silhouette of a JACK-KNIFED S back-lit by the flames and smoke of DAN'S BURNING TRUCK! hear the BLARE of a jammed horn. A SERIES OF JUMPCUTS BETWEEN Alice's face and her POV END CLOSE ON HER FACE as she SCREAMS. CAMERA TURNS WITH HER and FOLLOWS HER as she runs panicke toward it.  The BLARING horn grows LOUDER. As she nears the semi, the driver's door swings violently open!  A figure LURCHES from the cab.  Grabs her as she m past.  The momentum swings them both around.
24) 2) text: He came flying out of nowhere!  Like he  was a fucking rocket!  I didn't even see  him... We hear a WALL of approaching SIRENS.  Alice's tear-stain face is strobed in a flashing red light as she looks past semi driver to see Dan's mangled body enmeshed in the  wreckage.  As she tries to get to him his eyes snap open he looks straight at her. DAN
24) 3) text: It was him! Blood wells from his gaping wounds as he chokes and dies. Her eyes begin to lose focus.  In a moment...Alice collap falling OUT OF FRAME...leaving only the black of the nigh sky.
25) 0) text: BLACK.  Then... Alice's rim-lit profile moves into frame. Track around to reveal Yvonne working in the background. Continue tracking to reveal that we're in an unlit hospit room.  What little light there is comes from the glass  observation window in the background. Through the window we can see Alice's father conferring w a DOCTOR, Dan's parents and TWO POLICE OFFICERS.  Beyond we see traffic in the corridor.  Alice's eyes open sudden ALICE (quietly)
25) 2) text: You're alright...It's okay, honey.  I'm  right here. Alice stares at Yvonne.  Things are far from alright. YVONNE (cont'd)
25) 3) text: Alice, Dan's been in an accident... Alice shakes her head. ALICE (in a monotone)
25) 5) text: Alice, it's no dream.  I'm sorry...Dan's  dead. Alice stares at her as her eyes fill with tears as she  remembers.  As she starts crying she clutches Yvonne in a desperate embrace.  At the sound of her crying, Dr. Moore her father leave Dan's parents and approach Yvonne and Al ALICE'S DAD
25) 6) text: I'm so sorry, honey... ALICE
25) 8) text: Calm down.  Take it easy.  You're hitting  shock. ALICE'S DAD
25) 9) text: Alice.  The police found fragments of a  champagne bottle... ALICE
25) 11) text: These sorts of outbursts aren't entirely  uncommon.  Many women have them in the  first few weeks.  Especially if they've  suffered a traumatic shock. (to Alice)
25) 12) text: But don't worry young lady, you're going  to be fine. ALICE (getting increasingly  hysterical)
25) 15) text: Nothing. She and Alice hold eyes for a beat.  Everyone is silent. YVONNE (cont'd)
25) 17) dialog: Stunned.  She lies back, closing her eyes tightly.  A tea forms at the edge of one and spills down her cheek. ALICE'S DAD (O.S.)
25) 19) text: Just for routine observation.  To make  sure you're as comfortable as possible. Alice hasn't been listening.  We hold on her troubled fac she opens her eyes again, the full ramifications sinking ALICE (to herself)
26) 0) text: Alice lies in bed, apparently asleep.  The camera pans sl around the room.  It is eerie in here now with the long  shadows of hospital equipment thrown across the walls by dimmed hallway lights. The camera continues slowly, deliberately to move around room until we are on the OPEN doorway.  STOP.
26) 2) text: Hey...wake up. ALICE (tentative)
26) 3) text: Huh? They gaze at one another for a beat.  They each seem to b transfixed by each other. ALICE (cont'd)
26) 5) text: My name is Jacob. She smiles.  She waits.  He just watches.  He stands ther the way that little kids have of feeling no need to fill silence with conversation. ALICE
26) 7) text: It's lonely in there, in my room. ALICE
26) 9) text: I'm sorry your boyfriend got killed. ALICE (shocked)
26) 11) text: I could tell you were sad.  I just wanted  to see if you were all right. He smiles kind of shyly and turns.  Alice calls after him ALICE
26) 12) text: Jacob.  Wait.  Don't go. But he has already disappeared down the dark corridor.  H ON Alice's troubled face.
27) 0) text: Alice and Yvonne walk out of the building. ALICE
27) 2) text: There aren't any little boys on your  floor. ALICE
27) 4) text: We don't have a children's ward. Alice stops.  Puzzled. ALICE
27) 5) text: But he was wearing a hospital robe. Yvonne looks at Alice with a mixture of impatience and  compassion. YVONNE
27) 6) text: I don't know what to tell you. Alice takes this in.  Thinks about it.  Yvonne looks a li more concerned about Alice's state of mind. ALICE
28) 1) dialog: pacing and speaking animatedly.  CAMERA tracks with her. ALICE
28) 2) text: Amanda Krueger was a part of a religious  order that ran that asylum.  She was  raped and had the baby there in the  1940's.  That baby grew up to be Freddy  Krueger who murdered twenty or thirty  kids right here on Elm Street. Mark, sitting at Greta's feet.  He glances up from his  sketchbook, intrigued.  Track back with Alice to... ALICE (cont'd)
28) 4) text: Cover girls couldn't smoke. She blows smoke in his face. ALICE
28) 7) text: I've got to write some of this down. ALICE
28) 11) text: Yeah, congratulations...I guess. Alice angrily cuts them off. ALICE
28) 14) text: Pushy parents can make you more than a  bit crazy. ALICE
28) 16) text: When Dan died you weren't even asleep.   You said so.  End of story. Alice glares at them, adamant. ALICE
28) 18) text: Christ, Mark!  Mister compassion. ALICE
28) 20) text: Look, we all liked Dan. And we love  you... Great stands.  Puts her hands on Alice's shoulders. GRETA (interrupting)
28) 21) text: Bottom line, Alice.  Anybody,  supernatural or not, that wants to hurt  you - he'll have to go through us first. YVONNE
28) 22) text: All of us.  Right? Greta nods in agreement. ALICE
28) 23) text: That's what I'm afraid of. Hold on Alice, then...
29) 0) text: Alice removes a couple of frozen microwave dinners from t refrigerator and sets them on the counter.   While she does so, the CAMERA TRACKS around and as she le on the counter, we push in to reveal she is lost in thoug tears forming in her eyes. Her father comes in carrying a bag of groceries - healthy stuff: veggies, chicken, fruit, Rye Crisp, juices.  As he comes in, Alice covers up her tears and turns away to put dinners in the oven.  He obviously has something to say t her in mind and the two of them talk simultaneously. ALICE
29) 1) text: How was the meeting? ALICE'S DAD
29) 2) text: Sobering... ALICE
29) 3) text: Very funny. ALICE'S DAD (unpacking groceries)
29) 4) text: Alice... ALICE (interrupting)
29) 5) text: Since when are you such a smart shopper? ALICE'S DAD
29) 6) text: Since my little girl became a mom... ALICE
29) 7) text: You disappointed in me? ALICE'S DAD
29) 8) text: No, I'm not.  I sort of hope it's a boy.   Be nice to have a boy playing in the  house again. Alice looks at him, then hugs him.  A beat.  Her father  gently pries her away.  Manages a little smile. ALICE'S DAD (cont'd)
29) 9) text: Just don't make a habit of it. Alice smiles back.  Reaches for the can opener. ALICE
32) 3) text: Greta! Then Alice leaps into action.  She grabs Greta's hands an begins to pull with all her might.  But she can't get Gre out! ALICE (cont'd)
32) 10) dialog: as she quickly yanks the fridge open again and  sees...Nothing!  Everything is back to normal.  No sign o Greta or Freddy.
32) 11) dialog: staring into the fridge with amazement and fear.
32) 12) dialog: closes the door and rushes to the telephone on the wall.
34) 0) text: A big industrial shop.  Mark's father's business and thei home.  Rain falls on the cement drive, glistening in the  light that spills from beneath the big, half open deliver door.  Across the door we see: GREY & SON CONSTRUCTION. The "& SON" has been recently added.  Alice and Yvonne, s in her nurse's uniform, approach.
35) 0) text: A huge warehouse and commercial shop.  Rows of scaffoldin filled with prefab door and wall units, recede into the  darkness.   A glass partitioned office fills a corner near the door. can see Mark's father moving around inside of it.  Alice Yvonne enter and move toward the office door.
35) 6) text: Yeah.  I'm just aces. Looks like he's not.  Mark ignores them as Alice and Yvon move closer.  He's a tightly wound coil, ready to snap. ALICE
35) 8) text: I'm very fucking sorry, but Greta is dead  today.  Could we interest you in someone  else? Alice steps closer to him, her empathy allowing her to ig his tone of voice. YVONNE
35) 9) text: It was just an accident.  Like with Dan. ALICE
35) 10) text: No accident.  I tried to warn all of you  about Krueger. Yvonne shakes her head.  Not wishing Alice to indulge her fantasies. YVONNE
35) 11) text: Please, Alice... But Alice's words have left an effect on Mark. He brings skateboard to a halt.  Gives her a direct look. MARK
35) 12) text: I thought about that. ALICE
35) 14) text: Stop it, Alice.  Just stop it.  Stick to  the facts. Mark glances at her. MARK
35) 15) text: Too bad. He goes back to Alice. ALICE (frustrated)
35) 22) text: Then get out! ALICE
35) 28) text: Wish I could, but I'm on night shift  again...gotta go. Mark nods.  Tries to smile.  Alice steps up to them.  Put comforting hand on Mark's shoulder. ALICE
36) 1) text: Do you think I'm an idiot...for being in  love with her? ALICE (O.S.)
36) 3) text: I mean, I know I didn't stand a chance in  hell, but... PAN PAST THE PROWLER to Alice and Mark, sitting near his  drawing table.  She sits next to him, a comforting arm ar his shoulder. ALICE
36) 5) text: Maybe it was her mother who killed her,  with all that Polly Perfect shit. ALICE
36) 6) text: It wasn't her mother.  The only reason  we're still here is that none of us has  slept since the grad party. Mark looks at Alice.  Sees the certainty on her face. MARK
36) 7) text: Tell me some more about this Krueger guy. ALICE
37) 0) text: Alice is coming back into the room with two steaming mugs She looks around.  No Mark. ALICE
37) 5) dialog: sets the coffee down and sees something that stops her co
37) 7) dialog: realizes what's happening.  Reaches her hand toward the p ALICE (cont'd)
37) 8) text: Mark!  No! But he goes inside. Alice quickly picks up one of Mark's colored felt tip pen and draws a stick figure of herself next to the Elm Stree house.  She writes "Alice" above the figure then throws d the pen and closes her eyes, concentrating. PUSH IN on Alice, eyes closed, using all her will... (The BACKGROUND distorts as Alice goes into the dream.)  PULL from Alice's face and now we see that we're
38) 0) text: Alice goes inside.
39) 0) text: Alice rushes inside.  Comes to a halt as she sees
39) 2) dialog: as she kneels and stretches her hand toward Mark.
39) 4) text: Take it! Terrified, retches a bloody hand toward Alice, straining reach her fingertips...
39) 14) text: Alice watches as Mark feints himself AWAKE.  As he's abou hit the floor, he dissolves away.  Alice starts to turn b to the door when something OUT OF FRAME catches her eye. CAMERA PANS TO RIGHT until we see... JACOB standing at a  window, staring forlornly into the street.
39) 15) dialog: freezes.  Stares at this odd child with a mixture of  compassion and wariness. ALICE (cont'd)
39) 18) text: Oh...hello... He goes back to the window.  Alice takes on a tone of  instinctive motherly concern. ALICE (tentative)
39) 20) text: Been having bad dreams. Alice ponders that. ALICE
39) 23) text: It's sad about Greta. Alice stares at him, intrigued. ALICE
39) 25) text: No... Alice takes another step forward. ALICE
39) 27) text: She doesn't want me around ALICE
39) 29) text: No you're not.  You don't even care about  being a mom.  How come you don't think  about me? ALICE (confused)
39) 31) text: I like you...I want to stay with you.    Why don't you want me?  Is there  something wrong with me? Alice stares at him, stunned as the realization hits her. She takes a step closer, almost within reach of him. ALICE
39) 33) text: My friend, with the funny hand. Alice doesn't like the implications of that at all.  She  reaches out to lead Jacob away. ALICE
39) 35) text: I have to go now, he wants me again. Jacob scurries up the stairs into the shadows. ALICE
40) 0) text: Alice climbs up the last stair and steps into the loft.   Looks around, SURPRISED; she's back in reality. Mark sits up in his bed.  Stares at the cuts in hands wit amazement, and dawning realization. MARK
40) 1) text: Holy...shit...he's really real...isn't  he? Mark looks up at Alice, who's more concerned than ever. MARK (cont'd)
40) 2) text: Are you okay? ALICE
40) 4) text: Who's Jacob? ALICE
40) 6) text: What, you named it already? Alice freezes.  Realizing... ALICE
40) 7) text: Yeah.  I think he already has a name... Then, she hurriedly begins to gather her things. ALICE (cont'd)
40) 9) text: Whoa, slow down.  How're you gonna hide  from a guy like that, leave the planet? ALICE
40) 10) text: I don't know! Alice is on the verge of tears.  Mark puts his hands on h shoulders, trying to emotionally steady her. MARK
40) 11) text: Look, if you're worried about your baby,  call Yvonne, have the doctor check him  out. Alice nods, getting a hold of herself.  Mark hands her th telephone.  Then grabs his jacket. ALICE
41) 0) text: Alice hurries down the near deserted corridor.  Yvonne ru to keep up beside her.  She looks concerned. YVONNE
41) 1) text: You had me scared on the phone.  What's  wrong with the baby? ALICE
41) 2) text: I think Krueger's trying to do something  to it. Yvonne suddenly pulls Alice to a halt, dismayed. YVONNE
41) 3) text: Oh, Alice...no.  Honey, I love you but  you're going to have to get a hold of  yourself... ALICE
41) 4) text: Mark knows I'm not crazy.  Ask him to  show you his hands. Alice starts off again.  Yvonne really looks worried now. YVONNE
41) 5) text: I really think you need to calm down now,  okay? ALICE
41) 6) text: I just can't figure out how he's getting  in when I'm awake... Suddenly a thought strikes her.  She wheels on Yvonne. ALICE (cont'd)
41) 7) text: Do unborn babies dream? Yvonne hesitates, afraid her answer might feed Alice's  fantasies. YVONNE
42) 0) text: Yvonne adjusts the ULTRA SOUND MONITOR.  Dr. Moore finish his pre-examination of Alice.  He is extremely irritated. DR. MOORE
42) 1) text: Developing fetuses can spend up to  seventy-percent of their day in what we  call dream state.  More as they mature. Yvonne shoots a frustrated look at Alice. ALICE
42) 3) text: Is that why you're here?  To see if your  baby's having nightmares? ALICE
42) 5) text: Frankly, I've found nothing about you  that would indicate the necessity of  ultra-sound at this stage of your  pregnancy. Dr. Moore throws a dark look at Yvonne. ALICE
42) 6) text: I just want to make sure my baby's all  right. Yvonne hands the ultra-sound device to Dr. Moore.  He run the device over Alice's baby.
42) 8) text: The heart seems strong.  Let's hear it. Yvonne flicks a switch and a steady RHYTHMIC BEAT begins the TRACK, coming from a speaker above the monitor. Alice watches the screen, fascinated.  Suddenly...  The  picture begins to shift and distort with electronic spasm The SOUND of the baby's heartbeat begins to grow LOUDER a SURREAL. Alice turns apprehensively to Yvonne and Dr. Moore, who a oblivious to any of this.  Then... The wall behind Alice starts to PULSATE...become FLESHLIK It ripples blue-red with veins.  Then...a gaping hole ope and we are staring into the fetal canal!
42) 16) dialog: reacts in fear as she sees...
42) 24) dialog: screams at Freddy. ALICE
43) 1) dialog: eyes open wide in terror.  She looks around, panicked. ALICE
43) 4) text: Your baby is perfectly healthy... a  little large for so early on, but as  normal as any I've seen. HOLD ON ALICE.  She's got knowledge Dr. Moore hasn't got. She turns to Yvonne. ALICE
43) 5) text: He's taking their souls...Their spirits  to make the baby...like him. Yvonne shoots a look at Dr. Moore.  She realizes she'd be get Alice out of there before he has her committed.  Yvon moves to Alice. YVONNE
43) 6) text: Come on, sweety.  I'll take you home.   You'll feel better after you get some  real sleep. Yvonne manages to guide Alice from the room.  Dr. Moore  watches them leave.  Then he checks something in Alice's  file.  Picks up the telephone and dials a number.
44) 0) text: Alice ENTERS, carrying two mugs of coffee and speaking in frantic rush.  Yvonne follows behind, a look of deep conc on her face. ALICE
44) 2) text: Alice... Yvonne sets her mug down and gently places her hands on  Alice's shoulders, adopting a very reasonable tone. YVONNE (cont'd)
44) 3) text: Alice, I want you to stop and listen to  yourself.  Do you know how you sound? Alice nods.  Calmly replies. ALICE
44) 5) text: And if you're my friend you'll try to  believe me a little. Yvonne looks into Alice's eyes.  We see that she really c about her, and that Alice is starting to scare her. YVONNE
44) 6) text: I am your friend, and I'm worried sick  about you.  But, you're like a locked  safe.  You've gotta start dealing with  reality. ALICE
44) 8) text: And so is your baby.  You've got more  than just yourself to think of now! ALICE (getting angry)
44) 10) text: Look.  Whether you believe it or not,  Krueger is back.  He's after the baby and  if I don't try to do something about it,  who will?? Suddenly the door is pushed open and Mark enters carrying folder stuffed with xeroxed newspaper clippings.  He look from Alice to Yvonne and back. YVONNE (continuing the discussion)
44) 11) text: All I know is that you are not doing  yourself or the baby any good by acting  like a crazy woman.  Why don't you take  off - leave Springwood and cool out  somewhere for a while? ALICE
44) 16) text: Look...we're all tired.  None of us had  any sleep since Friday night... ALICE
44) 17) text: That's the only reason you're alive... Yvonne abandons the calm approach.  Wheels on Alice. YVONNE (shouting)
44) 19) text: Yvonne, look through this stuff.  She's  not crazy! Yvonne knocks the folder from Mark's hand, scattering its contents everywhere.  Then she storms out, slamming the d behind her.  The xeroxed clippings float to the floor.  M glances at Alice. MARK (cont'd)
44) 20) text: You okay? Alice nods.  They start picking up the scattered clipping ALICE
44) 22) text: You know there is...one way. Alice looks up at him, intrigued. MARK (cont'd)
44) 23) text: Have you thought about not having the  baby?  I mean, no baby, no baby's dreams. Alice thinks about it, very hard.  Finally shakes her hea ALICE
44) 26) dialog: leans down again and continues picking up the clippings. One, bearing a photo of Amanda Krueger, lies in FOREGROUN She picks it up, stares at it, pondering. ALICE
44) 27) text: I've seen her... Her father's voice floats up from downstairs. ALICE'S DAD (O.S.)
44) 28) text: Alice, can you come down a minute?
45) 0) text: Alice comes down the stairs.  Her father is sitting in th living room with Dan's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jordan. ALICE
45) 1) text: Oh, hi... Mrs. Jordan smiles at Alice a little too sweetly.  We see strain of her son's death in her eyes. MRS. JORDAN
45) 2) text: Alice...Mr. Jordan and I wanted to see  how you were feeling.  Come, sit down. Alice hesitates, this is the last thing she needs right n ALICE'S DAD
45) 4) text: Frankly, dear, we wondered what you  intend to do with our baby? ALICE
45) 7) text: What Mr. Jordan means is that we're aware  of the burden that raising a child would  place you. Alice continues to stare at her, not quite sure where thi going.  Mark quietly appears on the stairs behind her hol the folder of clippings. MRS. JORDAN (cont'd)
45) 8) text: We're offering to help...adopt it and  raise it as though it were -- ALICE
45) 12) text: In your present condition, Alice, we're  worried about your ability -- ALICE
45) 13) text: What are you talking about?  My  "condition"?... Alice's father gives Mrs. Jordan a dark look.  Surprised. MR. JORDAN
45) 14) text: We had a call from Dr. Moore.  He said  Alice was hysterical.  That she's been  having paranoid delusions and... ALICE
45) 16) text: We know you've been through a lot but  there's more than your feelings at stake  here. ALICE
45) 18) text: The courts may not agree with you. Alice's father stands.  Turns an angry gaze on Mrs. Jorda ALICE'S DAD
48) 3) text: That's their problem. The photo is yanked down out of frame, WHIP PAN to Alice  looking up from the photo towards Mark, across the room. are in Mark's loft.  He's scanning one of the copied  newspaper articles. ALICE
48) 6) text: That's what the newspapers thought.  She  spent the rest of her life in the asylum.   After Krueger's trial she flipped out and  hung herself, so they thought. ALICE
48) 8) text: They couldn't prove it.  No body!  Nuns  bumping themselves off is bad for  business. ALICE
48) 10) text: Empty plot.  Memorial stone.  Vacant.   They never did put her under.  Cool, huh? He hands her the clipping.  Alice scans it.  We see the  obituary with the headline: A VICTIM OF THE EVIL WITHIN U ALL. SPECIAL TOMBSTONE TO MEMORIALIZE NUN. ALICE
48) 12) text: No shit. Alice puts down the article.  Glances at Mark who has gon over to a shelf of books, searching through them for a  particular volume. ALICE
48) 14) text: She killed herself.  Her soul's gonna be  in torment. Alice frowns, this is news to her. ALICE
48) 16) text: In here...somewhere. Alice looks down at the book.  It's RLA Frakes' EARLY  CHRISTIAN MYTHOLOGY.  Mark opens it.  Moves his desk lamp closer.  Thumbs for a page.  Finds it.  Reads. MARK (cont'd)
48) 17) text: Transmigration.  Soul of the sinner.   Yeah, trapped in it's earthly resting  place. (grins at Alice)
48) 18) text: The pictures are totally cool. Alice gives him a frown, then goes back to Amanda's photo the nun and the asylum tower. ALICE (thinking out loud)
48) 22) dialog: pondering the tower. ALICE (cont'd)
48) 26) text: No problem...what are you going to do? PUSH IN on Alice's face. ALICE
48) 27) text: I'm going to find out how to deal with  this guy for once and for all. Alice turns and steps out of frame.
48) 32) dialog: asleep in his bed.  TRACK IN CLOSE on her face until the wall behind her becomes the corridor in the asylum.  She  opens her eyes and sits up.  CAMERA FOLLOWS HER as she st and moves down the corridor. ALICE (cont'd)
48) 33) text: Amanda! Alice moves down the corridor, away from CAMERA, searchin for Amanda.  Comes to a corner.  Turns down it.
49) 0) text: CLOSE ON a spread of PHANTOM PROWLER sketches lying on th floor.  CAMERA TRACKS across them, following a TRAIL OF  SKETCHES that lead to the far side of the room where we f Mark, lying on the floor at the base of a rack of comic l shelves, propped up on one elbow, bored, flicking through another comic. TRACK AROUND MARK to reveal Alice still asleep on the bed
50) 0) text: A long, arched, Gothic corridor, lit by pools of light. the far end, we see a staircase, silhouetted by a  rainspattered window behind it.  The stairs lead up into shadows. ALICE (O.S.)
50) 1) text: Amanda!  I need to talk to you! ALICE walks past CAMERA INTO SHOT and pauses.  Sees the  staircase, starts hurrying for it.
50) 4) text: Where you goin', piglet? Alice turns toward the voice. FREDDY (cont'd)
50) 9) dialog: is taken by surprise.  Steels herself.
50) 11) text: Found you! Suddenly, a door slams.  Alice, startled, looks.  But bef she can react, she is swept off her feet. Alice starts rolling across the wall.  As we pull back, t camera turns on it's axis to reveal that Freddy has adjus things.  The set is now tilted on a different axis and Al is rolling away from the camera, down the staircase, but the wall, not the stairs. Suddenly, a RUSTING METAL DOOR is revealed in the wall do which she rolls.  She rolls into it and into the bloody  jacuzzi room.  She grabs a hanging chain, but can't hang She drops into the murky water.  She slowly turns with ut distaste. FREDDY
50) 12) text: Where you goin', piglet?  The party's  just starting. Alice, startled, quickly regains her composure. ALICE
50) 14) text: Gee, Alice, I thought I was up  to...Yvonne! He plunges his arm beneath the surface and yanks Yvonne u the hair.  She sputters and chokes, gasping for air.  Fre laughs.  Alice is taken by surprise.  She steels herself. ALICE
50) 18) text: I'm the A, the L , the i,c,e.  We're  three together... Yvonne's eyes swivel to Alice in recognition.  As Alice  speaks, she grabs a jacuzzi/pool instrument (a skimmer, a harpoon-shaped window hook)... ALICE AND YVONNE
50) 19) text: And that's the way it's gonna be! and as they speak, she flails Freddy across the stomach,  while Yvonne executes a backflip (as previously seen in h diving sequence) out of Freddy's grasp and on to dry land Freddy staggers back and disappears into the jacuzzi. Alice and Yvonne run back into the asylum and SLAM the do behind them on the now empty jacuzzi. We cut back inside the jacuzzi to see Freddy's hand emerg and pull under his still-bobbing hat.
50) 22) text: Yeah...So that's him.  And you're not  crazy. Alice and Yvonne share a weary, rueful smile.  Alice pull Yvonne to her feet. ALICE
51) 49) text: In the dream, she was standing in a room. CONTINUE PULLING BACK as Alice's VOICE grows LOUDER. ALICE (cont'd)
51) 51) text: You think that's the place she's buried? ALICE
53) 2) text: Nothing in the room was up to code.  It's  a miracle you both weren't killed. Alice's red-rimmed eyes flash with momentary anger.  She  realizes something. ALICE
53) 4) text: Who? Alice just shakes her head, knowing he wouldn't understan COP (cont'd) (to Alice's father)
53) 5) text: Take her home.  She probably needs some  rest. The cop turns away.  Alice's father nods, starts leading toward the street.
53) 7) dialog: sees her.  Shrugs free of her father's arm and runs towar the street ALICE
53) 11) text: What? ALICE
53) 12) text: Jacob.  We've got to get to Amanda before  it's too late. Alice leads Yvonne back to her car.  They start to climb
54) 0) text: Yvonne jumps behind the wheel.  Alice gets into the passe side, her door still open.  Beyond it, we see her father  approaching. YVONNE
54) 1) text: But how are we gonna -- ALICE
54) 2) text: We've got to go to the asylum and find  her body.  Mark said her soul's trapped  with it -- that's why she can't come to  me.  It must be! ALICE'S DAD (approaching)
54) 3) text: Alice!
54) 5) text: I've got to go. ALICE'S DAD (adamant)
54) 6) text: No!  I won't have you running around in  the middle of the night.  You're coming  home. ALICE
54) 7) text: But Dad -- ALICE'S DAD
54) 8) text: Now. Alice reluctantly nods.  Turns to Yvonne. ALICE
54) 9) text: Find Amanda.  And hurry. Alice's father pulls her from Yvonne's car.  HOLD ON Yvon BEAT, watching her go.  Then she starts the engine.  Slam the car into gear with determined purpose.
55) 0) text: Alice and her father ENTER.  She's frustrated and angry. gives her a stern paternal look. ALICE'S DAD
55) 1) text: Now I want you to go upstairs and get  some sleep. Alice thinks.  Then nods, suddenly giving in. ALICE
55) 2) text: You're right.  That's exactly what I need  to do. Her father is taken aback.  He grins. ALICE'S DAD
55) 3) text: It is... Alice kisses him on the cheek, then heads for the stairs.
59) 0) text: The dream version of the corridor.  Alice walks PAST CAME INTO SHOT.  She shouts for Freddy. ALICE
59) 2) text: she wears a look of grim determination as she taunts Fred ALICE (cont'd)
59) 5) text: You're trying to tailor make him so you  can live through his dreams for the rest  of his life. Alice halts.  Glares around the walls and doors. ALICE (cont'd)
59) 6) text: Well I won't let you!  You hear me,  Krueger! Nothing.  Alice starts up the stairs that lead to the bri wall.  ALICE (cont'd)
61) 0) text: AT THE TOP OF THE STAIRS.  The THUNK echoes eerily, as th from a long way off.  Suddenly we hear Freddy's CRY OF RA from OFF SCREEN.  Alice whips around!
61) 2) dialog: rushes down the stairs, and runs toward the next corridor front of her.  Charges around the corner. 
61) 3) dialog: she charges toward the open metal door to the room of ONE HUNDRED MANIACS.  Their insane moans drift out into the  corridor.  Alice throws a taunt back to Freddy. ALICE
61) 7) dialog: screams as she charges toward Freddy with the black, nast FREDDY STROLLER.  She hits him from behind!
61) 17) dialog: closes her eyes, relieved, but not really wanting to see  this.  As Freddy's O.S. screams recede, HOLD ON ALICE Suddenly, one of the striped spiders drops onto Alice's c from above.  She screams and jumps back, as others land a begin scuttling up her sleeves.  With a scream of revulsi she tears off her jacket and begins stamping on it. JACOB (O.S.)
61) 18) text: Mommy, meet my friend... Alice turns and looks back through the doorway to see
61) 22) dialog: dread rising inside her, leaves the asylum and steps into Escherland.
63) 1) dialog: as she steps through the door and moves into the maze.   CAMERA follows her, then stops as Alice moves past.  PAN Alice as she looks up at Freddy and her son.  Jacob looks apprehensive. JACOB
63) 2) text: Mommy...? ALICE
63) 5) text: Which half would you like? ALICE
63) 15) text: Back of Alice's head in FOREGROUND watching as Jacob turn and looks back at Dan!
63) 22) dialog: She fights back confusion and realizes ALICE (shouting)
64) 0) text: Jacob runs for Alice, who picks him up in her arms as he  reaches her.  As she sees Freddy approach, she turns and  runs.
65) 0) text: Alice finds herself at the end of the staircase which she run down.  She stands in the vast, impossibly large crypt beneath the asylum.  Huge, ancient columns inscribed with hieroglyphic and indented with the faces of dead souls  support the roof far above.   One staircase leads to the asylum through which the souls the maniacs can be heard and another, apparently, leads t the real world: Alice's bathroom.
65) 1) text: as she puts Jacob down and turns to face Freddy.  But he' nowhere to be seen.  Alice whirls around looking for him.
65) 5) dialog: looks at him in amazement. ALICE
65) 8) dialog: a look of horrified realization crosses her face. ALICE
65) 11) dialog: stares at Jacob thoughtfully.  A look of determination da on her face. ALICE
66) 0) text: Suddenly, Alice gets a new look of horror in her eyes as face begins to distort.  The back of Freddy's head begins emerge though Alice's face.  It keeps coming until his en neck and head pulls itself out and stares at her. FREDDY
66) 1) text: Come on, Alice.  Now we can really get to  know each other. Alice stares at him in disgust and terror.  Grabs his hea and shouts at the top of her lungs. ALICE
68) 0) text: Alice drops to her knees, falling through frame until her face fills the screen in an open-mouthed scream of anguis and pain. ALICE
68) 2) dialog: bathed in a stream of light from the shattered church win above her.  We hear Freddy's laugh coming from inside her
70) 0) text: Alice and Freddy locked in combat.
72) 2) text: Jacob!  Alice will not triumph. Jacob looks up and around, puzzled.  Amanda is nowhere to seen.  Again, he hears her voice as if she were standing  behind him. AMANDA (O.S. cont'd)
72) 7) text: Will you teach me? Freddy at first looks suspicious, then smiles and extrica himself from Alice who is looking at Jacob in horror.  Fr gives her an obscene kiss as he separates from her.  She  sinks to the ground exhausted and beaten. Freddy approaches Jacob who smiles evilly.  Suddenly Fred stops.  He snarls as he sees something behind Jacob.   Jacob turns and sees Amanda, far above, silhouetted in th doorway to the asylum. AMANDA
72) 21) text: as the two mothers simultaneously merge with their off- spring. Amanda shudders in silent agony as she accepts her son ba inside her.   As Alice receives Jacob, an optical effect surrounds them he is absorbed.  The effect coalesces into a single colum light which drives upwards, finally fading as the souls o Dan, Mark and Greta take their leave. Alice looks across at Amanda and starts towards her,  instinctively.  Amanda is now silhouetted again in the  doorway to the room of the maniacs. AMANDA (cont'd)
72) 26) dialog: stands there, staring at the last door.  The SOUNDS OF A 
73) 0) text: Bucolic.  Sunny.  Serene.  A picnic table rests beneath t shade of a tree in MIDDLE FOREGROUND.  Beyond it, childre romp and play.  The infant's CRYING grows LOUDER as  A BABY'S ARM moves into EXTREME FOREGROUND and stops.  Tw female arms reach in and lift a CRYING, cherubic infant. Follow the arms up to Alice, as she tenderly cradles JACO Yvonne steps INTO SHOT admiring the baby. YVONNE
73) 1) text: You do good work, Alice. ALICE
73) 2) text: So did Dan. CAMERA TRACKS as they move to the picnic table.  Alice ge shushes and rocks Jacob, who quiets down. YVONNE
73) 3) text: He sure loves to stay awake. ALICE
73) 4) text: That's okay.  He's got the rest of his  life to catch up on his sleep. Jacob closes his eyes, safely ensconced in his mother's a and drifts off to sleep. ALICE (cont'd)