1) 1) text: A delicate hand caressing a muscled bishop. A woman's leg entwined around a man's. A cascade of red hair falling across an unshaven cheek. Two faces pressed tightly together in a kiss. The faces belong to ALICE and DAN, and as their moans bui to a crescendo we realize it isn't pain we're hearing but opposite.  Afterwards...
5) 0) text: Alice lunges up from bed INTO FRAME.  SCREAMING.  Dan  immediately sits up beside her, concerned.  A hand rests her shoulder, between them.  Alice realizes where she is.
6) 0) text: Alice sits up, terrified!  Looks around in panic.  Realiz she's alone in bed.  Where's Dan?  She reflexively glance toward her open bedroom window.  Its curtain gently billo with the morning breeze.  Dan has gone home. Alice tries to collect herself.  The dream is over.  But can tell by her face that she is far from all right.  She pulls on a robe and shakily climbs from bed.
7) 1) dialog: ...we stand naked and defenseless before  an ever more unimaginable horror
8) 2) dialog: ...college.  High school was only the  beginning for some of us.  Don't forget:   S.A.T. stands for Sadistic, Anti-human,  Torture.
8) 3) text: Laughter from a sea of fellow graduates who are gathered  round the base of the fountain, outnumbered by their less amused parents.  Beyond them, we glimpse even more caps a gowns milling with roving bands of adults. DAN (cont'd)
8) 4) text: Most of us have just this one summer to  live... and by live I mean...paaarty! The kids sends up a cheer as Dan throws his cap into the and leaps off the fountain.  He floats DOWN through a sea ASCENDING caps, disappearing into the crown of students.
8) 7) text: Dan Jordan.  Captain of our football  team. RACINE GIBSON (with distaste)
8) 23) text: Dan keeping you up again?  Put a lock on  that window, girl. ALICE (smiling)
8) 24) text: No, the Dan part was nice... Greta playfully tugs at her gown, interrupting them. GRETA
8) 56) text: I've got to go find Dan. YVONNE
8) 57) text: Yeah, before they revoke his diploma. As Alice turns away, the cheerful face she put on dissolv and we see that underneath she's still on the edge. FOLLOW ALICE through the crowd.  Suddenly, a DARK SHAPE l up behind her, lifting her in a bear hug. Alice jumps,  startled.  As the big arms twirl her around she comes fac face with Dan.  He smiles. DAN
8) 59) text: Jesus!  Don't do that! DAN
8) 61) text: Me too.  Give me a kiss. He plants one on her lips.  Then... DAN
8) 63) text: The tickets. DAN
8) 65) text: I know. Dan's well-acquainted with Alice's moods.  He turns to he with a lover's required patience. DAN
8) 67) text: Nothing...it's just...I didn't see my  father at the ceremony. DAN
8) 69) text: I had one of those dreams last night. Dan's face grows concerned. DAN
8) 71) text: No.  Well, not exactly...it's that...I  felt like I wasn't in control.  For the  first time since...all that.  I'm scared. Dan gives her a reassuring hug. DAN
8) 73) text: Yeah...I guess. DAN
8) 75) text: You're right. DAN
8) 78) text: Me too. Suddenly, MR. JORDAN, Dan's robust middle-aged father,  approaches through the crowd, excited. MR. JORDAN
8) 79) text: Dan, this is Coach Ostrow... Dan's father drags a gruff-looking, crew-cutted man INTO  SHOT.  Dan's mother brings up the rear. MR. JORDAN (cont'd) (conspiratorially to Dan)
8) 82) text: So I've hear. DAN
8) 83) text: Dad, summer's just starting -- Mr. Jordan starts to lead Dan away. MR. JORDAN
8) 84) text: We're talking about your future. Mrs. Jordan shoots a less than friendly look at Alice. MRS. JORDAN
8) 86) text: It's okay, Dan Dan and his parents move away with the coach.  Alice star after them as they disappear into the crowd.  Turns away.
8) 100) text: Tell Dan to bring you after. (to Mark)
9) 2) text: Call me when your shift ends. Alice nods.  Dan shakes her father's hand. DAN (cont'd)
9) 3) text: Goodbye, sir.  I'll have her home by  August. Alice's father frowns. DAN (cont'd)
9) 4) text: Just kidding. Dan smiles at Alice and heads off.  Alice hands her gown flowers to her father as he opens the car door. ALICE
16) 4) text: So what did your dad say about you and  Alice going to Europe? Dan passes the beer to Mark, who lines it up next to the he's already got.   DAN
16) 7) text: Dan.  And he's taking Alice with him --  pretty good dive Yvonne.  You've been  practicing. YVONNE
16) 12) text: Nah.  It's getting too cold for me, and  my wonderful mother will kill me if I  screw up my hair.  She's got some model  agency guy coming to dinner tomorrow  night. DAN
16) 13) text: Don't you ever get tired of your mom  trying to run your life? The others turn toward him.  Mark and Greta know just wha Dan means.  Yvonne shrugs, matter of factly. YVONNE
16) 14) text: Don't let 'em. DAN
16) 19) text: You're weird, you know that? There is a beat, as all ponder this in silence.  Then Mar breaks their reverie.  Grabs Dan's champagne. MARK
16) 20) text: Screw 'em.  Open the champagne.  Let's  have a party. Dan grabs the bottle away. DAN
16) 25) text: I don't believe this... All that gore you  paint in the comics and you're squeamish? DAN
16) 29) text: Faint. Dan shakes his head at Mark's sensitivity.  He closes his eyes and leans back on the lounge chair as a JOCK approac the group.  Greta pats Mark on the shoulder. GRETA
16) 31) text: Yo, Dan.  Telephone. Dan nods.  Sets the bottle down and begins to head away. DAN
17) 2) text: I was awake when it happened.  Do you  understand what I'm saying?  He must have  dreamt himself up...Jesus, Dan...I'm  scared. She listens.  Seems to feel a little relief. ALICE (cont'd)
18) 0) text: Mark sits next to Greta, showing her his sketchbook.  Yvo is stretched out in Dan's lounge chair.  Dan hurriedly  approaches and yanks his jacket from the back of the chai pulling Yvonne up a couple inches. YVONNE
18) 1) text: Somebody die? DAN
18) 3) text: Alice beckons. Dan starts to hurry away.  Mark calls to him. MARK (cont'd)
18) 4) text: Hey, Romeo.  You forgot the secret  ingredient. Dan stops.  Mark hefts the champagne.  Dan grabs it, almo in afterthought and rushes away. MARK (cont'd)
19) 0) text: Dan's truck speeds along a deserted stretch of road.
19) 5) text: Line two...you're on the air. Dan's eyes close for a second.  There is an eerie BUZZ an STATIC from the radio. MRS. JORDAN (O.S.)
19) 6) text: I'm calling about my wayward ex-son  Daniel, who has just acted like on  ungrateful, unmanageable Dickweed, ever  since he was seduced by this bimbo, slut- whore, Alice... Dan's eyes open and he stares in shock at the radio which transformed itself into a rusting antique. DAN
19) 10) dialog: stares down at the radio.  His confusion has given way to fear.
19) 14) dialog: winces in pain.  Wrenches his left arm free of the belts grabs the wheel.  Desperately reaches with his right for GEAR SHIFT, which ducks away from his groping hand like a darting cobra.
19) 16) dialog: hunts wildly for the elusive gear shift. Hears a LOUD POP from inside the cab.  He looks over...
19) 19) dialog: some of the drops hit him, burning his chest and arms.  D
19) 24) dialog: has been watching all this in horror.  Suddenly...he hear loud HONK.  WHIP PAN with Dan to his POV through the  windshield as the BRIGHT LIGHTS of an approaching truck W OUT OF FRAME.
19) 25) dialog: as he looks down at the gear shift lever.
19) 28) dialog: is slammed headfirst through the windshield.  Shattering  glass EXPLODES all around him, as Dan flies over the hood
20) 2) text: Alice!.... Dan turns, and charges toward the parking lot.
21) 0) text: DAN'S TRUCK in the FOREGROUND.  Beside it sits a gleaming MOTORCYCLE.  Dan comes running INTO SHOT, searching himse for his keys.  Can't find them. He tries to open the truck's door.  Locked.  He slams the hand against it in frustration.  Then notices the Yamaha  1200. Its key is snugly in the ignition slot, like an invitatio Dan hops on the bike.  Turns the key, and kick-starts the monster.  The engine jumps to life.
22) 0) text: Dan guns the bike's motor and races toward the Crave-Inn. Suddenly...
22) 2) dialog: frantically dodges several cars, swerving into the oncomi lane to pass one, then careening back to avoid a pair of  looming headlights.  Dan looks down at the instrument pan
22) 11) dialog: stares down at the face in horror.  Then he sees somethin really bad...
22) 13) text: To Dan's left hand.  Cables have melded with his bubbling flesh there, too.
22) 16) text: and we see Dan from below the handlebars.  Through the  tatters of his shredded clothes we see more cracking,  bubbling skin.  His face is wracked with torture and  something beyond even horror.  Suddenly...
22) 20) text: and now we realize that Dan has become a MACHINE/MAN, lik butterfly emerging from its cocoon.
23) 5) text: Dan... DAN'S HIDEOUS FACE PULLS AWAY as his DISTORTED, GROTESQUE BODY goes flying backwards down a long MEMBRANOUS TUNNEL from Alice. He disappears into the depths just as Alice reaches the w She stretches out her hand...and the wall returns to real
24) 0) text: Alice charges out of the diner.  Behind her, far down the street, we can make out the silhouette of a JACK-KNIFED S back-lit by the flames and smoke of DAN'S BURNING TRUCK! hear the BLARE of a jammed horn. A SERIES OF JUMPCUTS BETWEEN Alice's face and her POV END CLOSE ON HER FACE as she SCREAMS. CAMERA TURNS WITH HER and FOLLOWS HER as she runs panicke toward it.  The BLARING horn grows LOUDER. As she nears the semi, the driver's door swings violently open!  A figure LURCHES from the cab.  Grabs her as she m past.  The momentum swings them both around.
24) 2) text: He came flying out of nowhere!  Like he  was a fucking rocket!  I didn't even see  him... We hear a WALL of approaching SIRENS.  Alice's tear-stain face is strobed in a flashing red light as she looks past semi driver to see Dan's mangled body enmeshed in the  wreckage.  As she tries to get to him his eyes snap open he looks straight at her. DAN
25) 0) text: BLACK.  Then... Alice's rim-lit profile moves into frame. Track around to reveal Yvonne working in the background. Continue tracking to reveal that we're in an unlit hospit room.  What little light there is comes from the glass  observation window in the background. Through the window we can see Alice's father conferring w a DOCTOR, Dan's parents and TWO POLICE OFFICERS.  Beyond we see traffic in the corridor.  Alice's eyes open sudden ALICE (quietly)
25) 3) text: Alice, Dan's been in an accident... Alice shakes her head. ALICE (in a monotone)
25) 5) text: Alice, it's no dream.  I'm sorry...Dan's  dead. Alice stares at her as her eyes fill with tears as she  remembers.  As she starts crying she clutches Yvonne in a desperate embrace.  At the sound of her crying, Dr. Moore her father leave Dan's parents and approach Yvonne and Al ALICE'S DAD
25) 10) text: Dan didn't drink.  You know that.  It was  probably for me - to celebrate our trip. Her father looks away, helpless.  Dr. Moore turns to him speaks in a confidential, professionally calm voice. DR. MOORE
25) 13) text: I won't be fine and neither will any of  my friends.  We've got to do something.   Dan's already dead...Don't you see?  He's  back and he's just getting started. (as she remembers what Moore  just said)
25) 20) text: Dan's baby...
28) 8) text: That's why it's my fault Dan's dead. YVONNE
28) 13) text: Look.  Dan's parents were pushing him.   Pushing him hard.  He was bitching about  it at the party last night.  He was under  pressure.  We all are. GRETA
28) 16) text: When Dan died you weren't even asleep.   You said so.  End of story. Alice glares at them, adamant. ALICE
28) 20) text: Look, we all liked Dan. And we love  you... Great stands.  Puts her hands on Alice's shoulders. GRETA (interrupting)
30) 3) text: An 8X10 blow-up of the snapshot taken on graduation day l on the floor.  In the center is Dan, surrounded by his  parents and friends.
35) 9) text: It was just an accident.  Like with Dan. ALICE
35) 16) text: I don't understand what's happening.   Krueger has to use my dreams, but he got  to Dan and Greta while I was awake.   How's he doing it? YVONNE (sharply)
44) 1) text: ...Dan was there.  Greta, too.  Krueger  killed them!  And now he's feeding them  to Jacob! She hands one of the cups to Yvonne, who tries to get her attention. YVONNE
44) 24) text: I couldn't do that, Mark.  He's my last  link with Dan...No, I want him. MARK (nods, smiling)
45) 0) text: Alice comes down the stairs.  Her father is sitting in th living room with Dan's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jordan. ALICE
45) 1) text: Oh, hi... Mrs. Jordan smiles at Alice a little too sweetly.  We see strain of her son's death in her eyes. MRS. JORDAN
45) 2) text: Alice...Mr. Jordan and I wanted to see  how you were feeling.  Come, sit down. Alice hesitates, this is the last thing she needs right n ALICE'S DAD
45) 3) text: This isn't really a good time.  Maybe if  you could come back... Mrs. Jordan nervously cuts him off. MRS. JORDAN
45) 5) text: What I what?  Well, I've thought about  it.  I plan to keep him. Mrs. Jordan glances at her husband.  He uncomfortably shi in his chair, then reluctantly speaks up. MR. JORDAN
45) 6) text: We're concerned that this all might be a  little too much for you...I mean, being  single and, well everything... His voice trails off.  His wife frowns at his lack of  fortitude.  She jumps in. MRS. JORDAN
45) 7) text: What Mr. Jordan means is that we're aware  of the burden that raising a child would  place you. Alice continues to stare at her, not quite sure where thi going.  Mark quietly appears on the stairs behind her hol the folder of clippings. MRS. JORDAN (cont'd)
45) 9) text: Look, I appreciate what you're offering,  but no.  He is my responsibility. MRS. JORDAN (getting adamant)
45) 10) text: And ours.  It's our grandchild. Mr. Jordan, clearly uncomfortable, tries to cut her off. MR. JORDAN
45) 11) text: Doris, maybe this wasn't such a good -- She ignores him, getting more forceful. MRS. JORDAN
45) 13) text: What are you talking about?  My  "condition"?... Alice's father gives Mrs. Jordan a dark look.  Surprised. MR. JORDAN
45) 15) text: You don't understand... MRS. JORDAN
45) 17) text: You're not taking my baby! Mrs. Jordan stands, losing her composure. MRS. JORDAN
63) 15) text: Back of Alice's head in FOREGROUND watching as Jacob turn and looks back at Dan!
63) 17) text: Dan?...
63) 20) text: looking up as Dan WALKS ACROSS THE LENS toward Jacob, his arms outstretched to the boy.
63) 26) text: Kids!  Always a disappointment. FREDDY/DAN snarls, enraged and charges after Jacob.
72) 9) text: Fuck you, Krueger As he speaks, his mouth grows larger, impossibly large. violent wind appears to be rushing from him. Finally with a roar, the decrepit souls of DAN, GRETA and MARK rush from him and hurl themselves upon Freddy.  The  ectoplasmic trio strike Freddy full in the chest, ripping through him and emerging from his back.  As they doe so, pull him backwards towards Amanda.
72) 21) text: as the two mothers simultaneously merge with their off- spring. Amanda shudders in silent agony as she accepts her son ba inside her.   As Alice receives Jacob, an optical effect surrounds them he is absorbed.  The effect coalesces into a single colum light which drives upwards, finally fading as the souls o Dan, Mark and Greta take their leave. Alice looks across at Amanda and starts towards her,  instinctively.  Amanda is now silhouetted again in the  doorway to the room of the maniacs. AMANDA (cont'd)
73) 2) text: So did Dan. CAMERA TRACKS as they move to the picnic table.  Alice ge shushes and rocks Jacob, who quiets down. YVONNE
73) 5) text: Sweet dreams, Jacob Daniel.