8) 0) text: ABDULLAH, (11), a skinny, bright-eyed boy, stands near th entryway, setting up a billboard. He peeks inside at Wajd she enters and heads for the candy bars, picking out chocolate. She sees him and smiles. Abdullah immediately looks away. He busies himself with the billboard, attaching a large election poster of an overweight, mustached man on a chai that looks like a throne. The poster reads: "Vote for me Municipal Council. Your glorious representation." Abdullah's bicycle stands next to the board with his book clamped onto a rack on the back. Out of the corner of his eye he watches Wajda approach, munching on a breakfast sandwich. He quickly brushes his into place and acts busy and important.
8) 2) dialog: Smart-ass, it's a mustache so strong a falcon could stand on it!
8) 4) dialog: Thanks for buying me breakfast!
9) 0) text: Wajda walks on to school eating her sandwich happily. She continues the target practice with her beloved new rock, aiming at several objects as she goes. Suddenly out of nowhere, Abdullah snatches her veil as he zips past her on his bicycle. Wajda falls hard to the gro her sandwich now covered in dirt. Her hair is exposed. It covered in curls and colored hair clips like her Mother's but sloppier. Abdullah points.
9) 1) dialog: (laughing) What is all this? She puts her hands over her head, embarrassed.
9) 4) dialog: Did you really think you could catch me? 11
9) 6) dialog: Yeah right. Now you’re late and covered in mud. If you had a “stupid” bicycle you could go home and change. But you don’t, so you can’t. Wajda, hurt, looks up as he slowly pedals away with the o boys, all on bikes as well, talking and laughing. They ri in circles, challenging each other and showing off. Wajda clutches her soaking veil, watching them all ride a together, happy and free.
14) 3) dialog: Here, I got you this. Wajda looks at him, walks over and takes the package. She opens it and unfurls a new black veil with a yellow flowe made of beads on the corner. She acts defiant as she puts in her bag.
14) 5) dialog: What? Girls can't have bicycles!
27) 0) text: Abdullah is amongst A CROWD OF MEN heading to pray at the mosque by the toy shop along with HIS FATHER and mustache UNCLE. As Wajda sees him she turns away and hides the distinguishing yellow flower on her veil under her abbaya As she turns back Abdullah sees her in the crowd. They lo at each other. She gestures with her eyes to the handle o the green bicycle showing underneath the blanket. Abdullah rubs his fingers together to show that it will t money to buy it. Wajda takes out twenty riyals from her pocket and waves it defiantly at him. She turns her head proudly and struts off. INT. WAJDA'S PARENTS’ ROOM - NIGHT 30 Wajda’s on her Mother's bed, legs on the headboard, her toenails now painted blue. Her Mother sits in front of th mirror straightening her hair and singing beautifully.
48) 0) text: Wajda waits by the boys' school, hiding behind a wall, un Abdullah finally arrives on his bicycle. Wajda throws a s next to him and he looks over, surprised to see her.
49) 0) text: Wajda rides on the back of Abdullah's bicycle as he pedal them along. As they pass the toy shop she sees the green bicycle glimmer in the distance. His feet spin the pedals
49) 1) dialog: You have to get off once we see someone on the road. I don't want people to talk about me. And cover your face, I'll say you're my sister!
49) 3) dialog: Yeah right. And isn't the principal going to call your Mother for skipping school like this?
49) 7) dialog: It’s your war!
49) 11) dialog: (assertively) Where is your Iqamah (residency card)? Iqbal looks at him threateningly, enraged.
49) 13) dialog: (more assertively) It is a good job, there are no problems. Just go back to it and we'll all forget about this incident. Do you know who my Uncle is? The one with the moustache? Have you seen his election posters? I'm sure he'd be interested to look further into your legal status. Abdullah holds his ground as Wajda folds her arms behind looking at Iqbal challengingly.
50) 0) text: Wajda laughs hard as she runs after Abdullah, riding ahea his bicycle. Wajda mimics him.
50) 2) dialog: He knew him, right? That mustache is a registered trademark! Abdullah directs her attention to a house busy with MEN coming in and out. He directs her away from the scene.
50) 3) dialog: Their son put stuff around his waist that blows up and died. Boom! He acts out pulling a cord and makes an explosive noise.
50) 5) dialog: No, if you die for God, it's like a prick of a needle, and then you fly up and you have seventy women!
50) 8) dialog: It doesn't work that way. Stay with the bicycle so no one steals it. Wajda leans on it and strikes a pose ala Marlon Brando in "The Wild One.”
57) 0) text: As Wajda waits for her mug, at the front of the store, sh throws her rock idly up in the air, keeping an eye on the bicycle next door. Abdullah rides up on his bicycle, which is loaded down wi rolls of lights and extension cords. 41.
57) 1) dialog: Hey, where's your bicycle? I thought you're getting the nice green one! HA!
57) 3) dialog: (laughing) I'm sure you do, but it doesn't seem to be working. As he pedals away, the shopkeeper comes out and hands Waj the mug. She takes 15 riyals out of her pocket, looks at money, sighs and reluctantly hands it to him. Wajda runs after Abdullah, determined to catch him. He la and tries to pedal away, but is weighed down by the light Wajda closes in on him, and pulls him down to the ground grabbing the string of lights over his shoulder.
57) 5) dialog: Yeah.. Race me and win.. In your dreams, little girl! He laughs again, gets back on the bicycle and pedals off.
57) 7) dialog: I let you catch me!
60) 0) text: Wajda opens the door and sees Abdullah, holding a rolled extension cord over his shoulder. They stare at each othe a confrontational way. Wajda acts annoyed.
60) 2) dialog: My Uncle wants me to string up these lights all the way down the street. Can I attach them to your roof? And by the way you never said thank you!
60) 4) dialog: (annoyed) They don't have a pole to hang them on. Yours is the only roof that will work. "Thanks" for taking you all the way to Adira and fixing the driver situation. He’s taking your Mother again, right?
62) 0) text: Abdullah stands, impatiently. Wajda comes back, thinks. 67
68) 0) text: Wajda sits on Abdullah's bicycle, trying to turn it in circles on the small flat surface of the roof. She awkwar pedals and turns, barely keeping her balance. Abdullah fastens a hook with lights attached. He looks ov at a crudely constructed mess of metal hanging off the ed
68) 1) dialog: What is that? She looks at him defensively, offended.
68) 5) dialog: (while he works) With all the people shouting? “Awesome” indeed. My Uncle now listens to the Koran radio station. He will speak on the channel now. They have all those famous Koran readers. “It makes your heart melt,” my Uncle says.
68) 7) dialog: Stop, you'll burn it out!
68) 10) dialog: Didn't you hear? Men shouldn't shave their beards! It is haram! What do they teach you at school?
68) 12) dialog: (smiling while he works) Everyone in the neighborhood will hear you ringing that bell.
68) 14) dialog: Yeah right. All that fuss for a bicycle and you don't even know how to ride?
68) 16) dialog: Go ahead. He holds the bicycle steady and trots alongside her while goes in circles around the edge of the roof.
82) 0) text: Wajda and Abdullah carry the bicycle up, both out of brea
83) 0) text: Abdullah puts the bicycle down. Wajda sees that it has tw additional training wheels and gets angry. 88 58.
83) 2) dialog: It will help you learn. I need to work on the lights. I can't push you all day. Wajda violently smashes the lights, stomping her feet.
83) 4) dialog: Here, I took them off. Wajda doesn't move. He reaches into his pocket and takes some notes.
83) 5) dialog: I'll give you 5 riyals if you stop crying. With one hand covering her eyes, Wajda's other hand reach out and snatches the money. She puts it in her pocket, ra her head and wipes her nose. She looks up at the ribbons the handlebars, swaying in the breeze. She squares her shoulders, gets up and heads over. EXT. IQBAL'S CAR —- DAY 88 Wajda and her Mother ride silently in the back of the car they pass the toy shop, Wajda sees The Owner talking to a and his son, right by her green bicycle! She can't hear w they're saying but can see that they’re bargaining. She squints out to get a better look as The Owner looks u and notices her. He smiles while he talks to the man, explaining something. The car pulls away. When she can no longer see the toy shop, Wajda sits back, agitated. Her Mother watches her and looks back at the shop.
87) 1) dialog: I think I'm done with the lights now. He looks over the edge. The lights are all aligned beautifully.
87) 3) dialog: She doesn't know? Does your Father? 62.
93) 0) text: Wajda walks past Abdullah by his Uncle's election tent, without saying anything.
93) 1) dialog: What, are you the one who is upset with me now? Your Mother almost broke my neck pushing me down the stairs!
93) 3) dialog: Since when do you listen to your Mother? Here - I got you this. It's a helmet, like the ones on TV. 99 100 69. Wajda’s whole face lights up as she takes the helmet. Abdullah is pleased.
93) 4) dialog: Do you want to ride in the empty lot behind the tent? We have a few minutes before people come.
94) 0) text: Wajda, wearing her abbayah and the helmet, rides in circl in the empty lot. Abdullah sits on a cinder block, watchi
94) 2) dialog: The Toy shop owner told Khalid and his Father that someone reserved the bicycle. Wajda’s Gets excited and hits the brakes hard.
99) 0) text: The two look out as groups of men gather in the street be The lights reflect on Wajda and her Mother who look so mu alike in the dim light. A breeze blows their hair gently. Down the street they see Abdullah's bearded Uncle greetin everyone as they arrive. Abdullah stands at the end of the row, dressed up in his thobe and gutra. Wajda points down at her Father, excited 75.
108) 0) text: Abdullah waits outside as Wajda exits, sobbing. She storm past him without pausing. He runs along after her, confus
108) 1) dialog: Didn't you win? Where is the money?
110) 4) dialog: (holding up a big stone) Tell your workers to stop bothering her. She deserves better! His arm still outstretched, he looks at Wajda who drops h remaining stones, turns and runs back towards her home.
111) 0) text: Wajda and Abdullah walk slowly back towards the house.
111) 1) dialog: (softly) I'll give you my bicycle.
111) 3) dialog: Hey, Wajda! She turns.
111) 4) dialog: (gathering up his courage) You know I'll marry you when we grow up, right? Wajda stops and looks at him sadly. She turns away and continues towards her home.
116) 0) text: Wajda pedals through the neighborhood on her new green bicycle. The wind blows through her hair. She slides to a stop in front of her Grandmother’s house. She looks up at lights and remaining decorations. She sighs and continues As she pulls away she sees Abdullah approach with a few o boys. She smiles at him. He smiles back, waves the others go on without him and pushes hard to catch up with her. As they pass the toy shop, The Owner sits sipping tea in front of the store chatting with another FRIEND.