5) 1) text: Don't forget your key, and don't lock the upper lock. Your Father may be coming later after his night shift.
7) 1) text: Concrete houses line the street. All the windows are cove in aluminum. A typical middle class neighborhood in Riyad Saudi Arabia. Groups of girls walk to school, completely covered in abbayahs and veils, distinguishable only by their differe backpacks. Taxis and minivans pass by full of covered wom in black. Wajda exits her gate and walks towards school. Suddenly a rock flies by her feet and knocks a soda can from its pla She looks up to see her FATHER (35), smiling and tossing another rock up in the air, playfully. Dark and handsome with short soft black hair and a well groomed mustache, he wears a worn-out blue oil-man’s unif
7) 2) dialog: Watch this! He flings the rock towards another can just past her on t wall. She ducks but looks over to see the can fly from it place. Wajda searches and picks up another rock.
7) 4) dialog: Ha! Keep practicing. You're getting there!
7) 6) dialog: Oof. Look at this. He pulls out a shiny black rock from his pocket.
7) 7) dialog: It's volcanic, from the Empty Quarter. It has a great velocity. It'll help your aim. Now get going. She takes it, beaming. He taps her on her head and she ru off to school.
7) 8) text: We left the door unlocked. Mom's been waiting for you all week! The father’s eyes flicker at the mention of the mother. H passes his hand over his untidy black hair feeling uneasy
12) 0) text: Wajda's sneakers stand out from all the other girls in pl black shoes, leaving school. Her eyes then catch colorful majestic feet as a group of boys pedal by on their bicycl They kick up dust and laugh, gliding past. Wajda watches forlornly as they disappear around the corner. Wajda continues walking, throwing the stone her Father ga her at various targets. She misses a few times and then finally hears a “Ping” as it hits its first mark: A SHINY
27) 0) text: Abdullah is amongst A CROWD OF MEN heading to pray at the mosque by the toy shop along with HIS FATHER and mustache UNCLE. As Wajda sees him she turns away and hides the distinguishing yellow flower on her veil under her abbaya As she turns back Abdullah sees her in the crowd. They lo at each other. She gestures with her eyes to the handle o the green bicycle showing underneath the blanket. Abdullah rubs his fingers together to show that it will t money to buy it. Wajda takes out twenty riyals from her pocket and waves it defiantly at him. She turns her head proudly and struts off. INT. WAJDA'S PARENTS’ ROOM - NIGHT 30 Wajda’s on her Mother's bed, legs on the headboard, her toenails now painted blue. Her Mother sits in front of th mirror straightening her hair and singing beautifully.
29) 0) text: An avalanche of items comes pouring out of Wajda's backpa onto the desk as Ms. Hussa shakes out its contents. Wajda sits nervously in a chair. The rock her Father gave her tumbles off the desk and onto the floor next to her. Ms. Hussa shakes her head as she goes through the bracele cassettes, schoolbooks, notebooks and candy bars. She pic up one of the tapes and relaxes back into her chair. 23.
37) 0) text: Her Father sits on the floor playing a video game on the His gutra and Ogal are folded up next to him with a brand cell phone on top. A string of light blue prayer beads ar next to him as well. He turns and smiles at her. Wajda walks past him to a side table and casually turns a framed certificate of excellence in math towards him. He quickly glances at it. She collapses casually onto the co
37) 1) dialog: I'm losing, I should have stayed with my usual fighter. On the screen a warrior rests, haggard from the fight.
37) 2) dialog: (teasing) So is that a real certificate or a fake one like you made last year?
37) 4) dialog: Sounds like you know what you're talking about. He laughs and continues playing. She waits a moment, then
37) 6) dialog: Oh, where is the margoog? Didn't your Mother finish cooking? Wajda watches him as he runs his prayer beads idly betwee his fingers. Her Mother enters and sets dishes on a littl mat on the floor just beside the Father who lights up at presence. She is all dressed up, looking her best. 42 43 30.
37) 7) dialog: Wajda, who is this movie star who just entered? Look at this hair, a beautiful black waterfall of silk! The Mother tosses back her hair, pleased, but hiding it.
37) 9) dialog: I'm not sure she's working that hard! Sit and play with me! She laughs seductively while she frees herself and contin setting up the plates.
43) 0) text: Wajda sits on her bed with her knee to her chin, coloring the white toe and sole of her shoe with a black marker. S pulls out the colored laces and sadly replaces them with black twine from her bracelets. We hear the door opening and her Father comes in. Wajda t to listen.
43) 2) dialog: What about your transportation allowance? You should use it instead of doing that group where you all pool your money. Wajda puts down her shoes and leans her head on the door.
43) 4) dialog: Do you think I want to support two families? I'm the joke of the town. Are you going to give me a son? We both know that is not going to happen. (frustrated) Forget it, and don't count on me coming next week at all!
81) 0) text: The Majlis door is open with the key in its lock. Wajda s in front of her Father's nice, new TV with a game control in hand. The video game box is open and empty.
88) 2) dialog: Wow! All this food! He kisses the Mother’s forehead and looks her in the eyes
88) 3) dialog: They'll be really impressed. You make me so proud!
98) 0) text: Wajda brings in her Koran and sits on the floor next to h Mother who irons her Father's thobes, singing.
99) 0) text: The two look out as groups of men gather in the street be The lights reflect on Wajda and her Mother who look so mu alike in the dim light. A breeze blows their hair gently. Down the street they see Abdullah's bearded Uncle greetin everyone as they arrive. Abdullah stands at the end of the row, dressed up in his thobe and gutra. Wajda points down at her Father, excited 75.
100) 0) text: Wajda walks, whispering to herself the tajweed rule from note-card. She throws her Father’s rock at a bottle.
112) 0) text: Wajda pushes open the front door of her house, surprised see it’s unlocked. She walks in, tired. Her Father sits on the edge of the couch, nervously twidd his thumbs. He runs his hands through his freshly combed when he sees Wajda. 94.
112) 1) dialog: Hey, finally you're home! Wajda looks at her Father, suspiciously.
112) 3) dialog: Your Mother’s rejecting my calls. I've been trying to call her all day. Where is she? Wajda, without saying anything, pulls the certificate fro the competition out of her bag, walks slowly over to her Father and hands it to him. He looks at her, confused, and reads it. His face changes excitement.
112) 4) dialog: You won? I can't believe it. That's amazing! He hugs her. Wajda rests her head on his shoulder and let few tears flow from her eyes. He holds her in front of hi
112) 5) dialog: Hey, why are you crying? You won. You should be happy? Wajda is about to tell him everything when his phone RING He goes to the hallway to talk in private. He turns away Wajda, laughs, says something soft and hangs up. He retur to the Majlis and picks up his ghutra and Okal. As he leaves, he messes up her hair playfully.
112) 6) dialog: I'm so proud of you, my little champ. He looks back at her.
112) 7) dialog: Tell your Mother I waited for her. I wanted to talk with her. Tell her... (clears his throat) Tell her I love her. 120 121 122 95. He turns back once more, giving Wajda an apologetic smile leaves. Wajda sits back into the couch. She looks up at t clock on the wall. The phone RINGS and she picks up.
115) 0) text: Wajda sees her Mother smoking a cigarette in the dim ligh Her hair is cut to shoulder length, twirling in the wind. stares off into the distance, at a party, where strands o lights line a house a few blocks away. Wajda walks over and stands next to her Mother, tossing h Father’s rock idly in her hand. Her Mother tries to discretely put out her cigarette. Wajda stares out at the house with the lights on it, confused. The Mother smiles sadly.