10) 0) text: Wajda tries to blend in with the other girls and sneak in MS. HUSSA, (35), the pretty but stoic principal, stands inside the wall that protects the privacy of the school entrance. A loud LAUGH comes from the gate as Fatin and Fatima ente Ms. Hussa moves towards them.
10) 2) dialog: Sorry, Ms. Hussa.
21) 9) dialog: (laughing) "Party."
65) 0) text: Fatin and Fatima once again look at a football magazine a take off their shoes to paint their toenails.
65) 1) dialog: Where is the blue nail polish? I hid it under there the other day. Wajda approaches but ducks back just as Ms. Hussa swoops on the two girls. Fatin and Fatima cover their feet, looking panicked. They push the magazine under each other's clothes.
66) 0) text: Wajda sees Fatin and Fatima leaving the school, extremely upset. They pull their veils down covering their angry fa Crowds of girls bump past Wajda, all wearing black abbaya Wajda wearily puts on hers as well.
72) 4) dialog: We were reading magazines and that's all, but nothing like what you mentioned. (to Wajda) Ask her! Ms. Hussa taps her fingers on the folder on her desk, loo at Wajda. Wajda looks at the girls, who look at her confidently, su she will back them up. Wajda looks at Ms. Hussa, then loo down uncomfortably.
106) 0) text: The girls line up into rows. Some are taking out their abbayahs and wrapping themselves for prayer. Ms. Hussa is in the first row along with the other contestants and a very angry Noura at her side. Wajda sees Fatin and Fatima in the middle of the mosque a lines up next them, smiling. She unfolds her abbayah and ready to pray. Fatin looks over at her, raising her eyebr
106) 2) dialog: Congratulations.
106) 6) dialog: A bicycle? You would never dare. We all know that you’re a coward. Wajda looks up to see Ms. Hussa searching for her. 89.
106) 8) dialog: Go. Fatin looks the other way but Fatima nods. Sadly, Wajda l up next to Ms. Hussa who grabs Wajda's abbayah and pulls next to her. She whispers down to her.