10) 0) text: Wajda tries to blend in with the other girls and sneak in MS. HUSSA, (35), the pretty but stoic principal, stands inside the wall that protects the privacy of the school entrance. A loud LAUGH comes from the gate as Fatin and Fatima ente Ms. Hussa moves towards them.
10) 3) dialog: It won’t happen again. Wajda seizes the opportunity to try to sneak past but-- 12 13 14
21) 6) dialog: (sarcastically) Men are watching? What a scandal! They'll tell everyone they saw Wajda al Safan playing provocatively in the schoolyard. They can't miss you, especially in that sexy vest of yours. She and Fatima smile and head over to Wajda.
21) 7) dialog: So, what's the latest mix?
21) 11) dialog: (laughing) You little devil, I don't know where you get this music from. I'll get one later for sure. Hey, what about bracelets? Look at this gorgeous creature. (holds up a picture of a football player) I want a bracelet of his team- Al Hilal.
21) 13) dialog: (patting her head) Okay, tomorrow then, little hustler.
21) 15) dialog: Look who's talking! Your bag is a 24 hour convenience store. The three laugh and Wajda continues playing. Fatin and Fa sit just past the corner of the building. They pull out n polish from their pockets and start painting their toenai blue, the magazine open next to them. Wajda stops halfway through a leap on the hopscotch grid, left foot still elevated, as she sees Ms. Hussa approach. The girls quickly rush inside, dropping the nail polish bottle on the bench. Ms. Hussa turns to find Wajda alone, staring at her. 24 25 18.
65) 0) text: Fatin and Fatima once again look at a football magazine a take off their shoes to paint their toenails.
66) 0) text: Wajda sees Fatin and Fatima leaving the school, extremely upset. They pull their veils down covering their angry fa Crowds of girls bump past Wajda, all wearing black abbaya Wajda wearily puts on hers as well.
73) 2) dialog: (almost crying) No! We weren't touching each other! The bell RINGS and the NOISE of OTHER GIRLS overwhelms th scene. Wajda looks at the folder and back towards Hussa’s office. She closes the folder and enters the next room.
106) 0) text: The girls line up into rows. Some are taking out their abbayahs and wrapping themselves for prayer. Ms. Hussa is in the first row along with the other contestants and a very angry Noura at her side. Wajda sees Fatin and Fatima in the middle of the mosque a lines up next them, smiling. She unfolds her abbayah and ready to pray. Fatin looks over at her, raising her eyebr
106) 1) dialog: You sure you want to stand next to us? Fatima holds Fatin's arm, then looks gratefully at Wajda.
106) 4) dialog: You won, and you're their favorite convert, so I'm sure they were all rooting for you anyway. Wajda stares uncomfortably at the floor, unsure what to s