53) 0) text: Wajda's black converses dangle above the floor while she at a row of desks with twenty other girls. On the blackbo the KORAN TEACHER writes "The Religious Club: Agenda" the turns to the class. 38.
53) 1) dialog: Let's compile all the stories we know about torment in the grave and make a pamphlet for the whole school. Any ideas?
53) 7) dialog: Girls, Ms. Hussa is here to explain the Koranic competition rules. It's only five weeks away. I'll pass around a sign up sheet. The teacher hands out the sheet as Wajda tuns the page to hide the bicycle drawing. Ms. Hussa glances at Wajda, the the class. 58 59 39.
64) 0) text: Wajda's black colored shoes sit in a pile with all of the others by the door. The girls sit on the floor in a circl Wajda sits patiently, focused on the teacher. The Koran Teacher has Salma pass out a copy to each stude from a small shelf in the corner of the room.
64) 1) dialog: Now girls let's start our program. But before we start, I know some of you may have gotten your period, so you are not allowed to touch the Koran. Some of the girls GIGGLE. KORAN TEACHER (CONT’D) This isn't a laughing matter. You are young ladies now. Your bodies are fragile like flowers and there are dangers lurking around every corner. All right, let's read. Yasmine flips the pages, using a Kleenex. The teacher loo at Wajda, sarcastically. KORAN TEACHER (CONT’D) Let's start with the new face in our group - Wajda. Start with Surat al Nisa, from ayat 59. Wajda slowly opens the book, looks at the pages, and look the teacher. The teacher looks at her sternly.
64) 3) dialog: (correcting her) «refer it to Allah and the Messenger...
64) 5) dialog: (holding out her hand) Stop, please. Noura, continue.
64) 7) dialog: Beautiful as always, Noura. Wajda looks at Noura with extreme envy.
71) 1) dialog: Wajda, what do you think? Wajda takes a moment and exchanges a glance with Noura, w elbows Yasmine and rolls her eyes.
71) 4) dialog: Thank you, Wajda, for sharing this with us. Girls, I want you all to take Wajda as an example of a person who tries hard and is devoted to God. 76 52. Noura and her cronies look dumbfounded.
71) 6) dialog: Ms. Hussa said she needs to see you. Go to her room now. I told her how well you're doing.
90) 5) dialog: What's going on here? The girls immediately go silent.
90) 8) dialog: (grabbing the pictures) Let me see. Who's this, your Mother? Is this your husband? As they talk, Wajda looks out to the hallway where Fatin Fatima pass by with their furious MOTHERS. Fatin tries to explain something but her Mother silences her with an ang look. Fatima notices Wajda watching sympathetically. Fati looks away. KORAN TEACHER (CONT’D) Okay, put them away now. Wajda's right, you're not allowed to show pictures at school. Wajda looks down, trying to hide being ashamed. KORAN TEACHER (CONT’D) Let's get started. Yasmine, read from page 13.
90) 10) dialog: Wajda, read. 96 67. Wajda closes her Koran and looks at the teacher hesitantl
90) 13) dialog: Very nice Wajda, you remembered it all. But you have to recite. You can't just go..badababdababdaba! (turns to Salma) How about our young bride? Let's hear that voice. And listen Wajda, you have to recite like this if you want to win.
104) 9) dialog: (giving her cues) And who believe...
104) 11) dialog: «And they are sure of the hereafter. 85.
104) 14) dialog: Wajda, please start with Surat al Bakara, ayat 7. Starting with “There is disease.” Wajda looks uncertain, feeling small in the large room. S steadies herself in a moment that drags on endlessly. In crowd she sees Fatin and Fatima looking directly at her. is about to lower her eyes but something in their now bea faces makes her find her confidence. She meets their eyes right on and starts reciting in a beautiful voice, which begins weak and then gradually gro stronger and more intense.
104) 20) dialog: Ms. Hussa, someone loves you and thinks you are like the moon! I don't know if we agree with that! She laughs teasingly to Ms. Hussa then looks to Wajda kin KORAN TEACHER (CONT’D) You know very well you shouldn't bring notes like this to school, not after the whole saga with Fatin and Fatima. Ms. Hussa takes the paper and looks at it, shocked. She l over to Wajda for answers. Wajda looks at her wide-eyed, petrified to be caught with it.