2) 0) text: In her small, sparsely decorated room between a single be and a window covered completely with wallpaper, Wajda hit "record" on her tape recorder as the ROCK SONG continues. Dancing and moving to the beat, she insures that a cord f the window is properly connected to the radio antennae. She writes down the song on a track list labeled "Wajda's Awesome Mix Tape, Vol. 7." Next, she counts out homemade bracelets and puts them in small plastic bags. Finally, s puts on her black converse high-tops with colored laces. As she waits for the ROCK SONG to end, she looks through half open door to her MOTHER, busy drying her hair.
3) 0) text: WAJDA'S MOTHER (33), struggles with a broken hair-dryer a she straightens her beautiful long hair. She is petite, w a definite sparkle in her eye, but right now she’s frustrated. The brush becomes too hot and she quickly dri the rest of her hair without it.
5) 0) text: Wajda's Mother twists her hair and adds colored clips. Sh moves to the kitchen and adds cups of cardamom and coffee boiling water in an old pot. Outside a car HONKS its horn In rapid motions, her Mother takes the over-boiling coffe puts it in a thermos and grabs her notebooks. Wajda enters, drops her backpack and hurries behind, carr the rest of her Mother's supplies. The Mother grabs keys from a hook by the entrance. A stri of blue prayer beads fall to the floor. She puts them bac the hook, pulls her veil over her face and turns to Wajda
6) 0) text: A Pakistani Driver, IQBAL, (late 20's), squats in front o old van, sticking the broken headlights on with tape. He turns as Wajda and her Mother emerge.
6) 4) dialog: Don't worry about him. Okay, yalla bye! (to Iqbal) ) No problem, Iqbal. You take lots of money; let's have some quiet for the long drive. She takes her things from Wajda and quickly enters the va The bus jolts away. Wajda is about to walk back into the house when the minivan swerves to avoid an oncoming car, almost crashing into it. She watches until it disappears, worried for her Mother.
7) 8) text: We left the door unlocked. Mom's been waiting for you all week! The father’s eyes flicker at the mention of the mother. H passes his hand over his untidy black hair feeling uneasy
9) 0) text: Wajda walks on to school eating her sandwich happily. She continues the target practice with her beloved new rock, aiming at several objects as she goes. Suddenly out of nowhere, Abdullah snatches her veil as he zips past her on his bicycle. Wajda falls hard to the gro her sandwich now covered in dirt. Her hair is exposed. It covered in curls and colored hair clips like her Mother's but sloppier. Abdullah points.
17) 0) text: Wajda's Mother's face is puffy and red. She falls down on couch exhausted, removes her veil and fans herself with i Her hair loks messy but full of ribbons and curls. Wajda turns on the air conditioner, grinning. Her Mother looks at her as she struggles to lift herself from the co
17) 1) dialog: I don't like this look. What are you up to?
17) 3) dialog: Three hours in the car without AC! I swear this commute is going to kill me and you tell me bicycle? She takes off her shoes and black socks, rubbing her feet 19 20 13.
17) 4) dialog: Absolutely forget about getting a bicycle. Have you ever seen any girl riding a bicycle? (pause) I'd rather sell fruit down at the hospital than go on this hideous trip every day! Wajda makes a face and stomps off to her room. Her Mother goes to her bedroom and picks up a man's dirty blue unifo from the floor.
19) 0) text: She enters and finds her GRANDMOTHER, an overweight woman her 60's, watching TV, the remote in her hand.
27) 0) text: Abdullah is amongst A CROWD OF MEN heading to pray at the mosque by the toy shop along with HIS FATHER and mustache UNCLE. As Wajda sees him she turns away and hides the distinguishing yellow flower on her veil under her abbaya As she turns back Abdullah sees her in the crowd. They lo at each other. She gestures with her eyes to the handle o the green bicycle showing underneath the blanket. Abdullah rubs his fingers together to show that it will t money to buy it. Wajda takes out twenty riyals from her pocket and waves it defiantly at him. She turns her head proudly and struts off. INT. WAJDA'S PARENTS’ ROOM - NIGHT 30 Wajda’s on her Mother's bed, legs on the headboard, her toenails now painted blue. Her Mother sits in front of th mirror straightening her hair and singing beautifully.
27) 1) dialog: I'll write you a love letter. Tell you how much I miss you... She takes another lock of hair and runs the iron over it.
27) 2) dialog: I wish I could cut my hair shorter like Lubna Abdul Aziz.
27) 4) dialog: Your Father loves my long hair. (singing) I'll write you a love letter. Tell you how much I miss you... She takes out a bandana to wrap her hair and sees a new t of lipstick in front of her. The Mother looks at Wajda in the mirror with a touched sm Wajda sees her Mother smiling and turns away shyly. Her Mother applies the lipstick.
27) 5) dialog: I'd thank you for this but I'm afraid to ask where you got the money. Did you ask your Grandmother for it? 31 32 22.
27) 7) dialog: I don't want you going over there! Your Father finishes his shift early tomorrow night. What should we cook? Margoog?
27) 9) dialog: (ironing her hair) Your Father loves margoog. We'll cook it for him.
32) 0) text: Wajda's Mother makes margoog, working handfuls of dough between her hands while she sings. Wajda cuts the dough a the Mother puts some in the pan.
32) 1) dialog: I'll write you a love letter. Tell you how much I miss you...
32) 3) dialog: Never! I seek refuge to God from what you said! Woman's voices shouldn't carry beyond the front door. Her Mother continues singing, now performing dramatically
32) 4) dialog: I'll write you a love letter; Tells you how much I miss you. Explains my pain in your absence. Wajda joins her Mother in singing.
32) 7) dialog: (annoyed) Ouuuff! Again! We closed this subject! You are not getting a bicycle. It is haram! They stand in silence while they cook idly. Wajda sighs a after a moment smiles and looks away casually.
32) 9) dialog: Wow, wearing the full abbayah now, religious study, someone has become a woman, maybe we will marry you off!
32) 11) dialog: Come with me. INT. WAJDA'S PARENTS’ ROOM - NIGHT 36 The Mother pulls out an abbayah from the cabinet and hand to Wajda.
32) 12) dialog: Try this. (laughing) ) It might be long for you. Carry it like this: Her Mother bunches her dress up in her hands and walks ar the room as if she were wearing high heels. Wajda copies exaggerated movements. 37 38 27.
32) 15) dialog: (suppressing a smile) Shame on you, talking like this. We don't know, it could have been a thief. They burst into laughter together. Wajda puts on the abba and the veil while her Mother looks out the window.
32) 16) dialog: Your Uncle's wedding is coming up, you know. I have to buy something really nice so all the other women know what they’re up against. Wajda turns to her Mother, all in black. The phone RINGS.
33) 0) text: Her Mother talks on the phone while checking the margoog.
33) 1) dialog: I'm so sorry, Leila. Iqbal our driver is so rude. He shouted at poor Aiesha today. Aiesha who never raises her voice! She cried the whole three hours on the way home.
34) 3) dialog: Leila, dear, we're completely full. Honestly, you'd be better off with another driver. Wajda kisses the money with an enthusiastic "smack" and p it in the drawer.
34) 4) dialog: Really? Abeer? Daughter of Mariam? How did she even end up in a car with him? Who is he? Of course, he’s a playboy like his Father. (laughs ) You have to admit, he is good looking. Wajda sits up on the edge of the chair, concerned.
34) 5) dialog: Religious police? Mariam must be dying! They should have married her off a long time ago. Pretty girls are like curses. They hear the front door open and someone come in.
35) 1) dialog: I have to go, our Father has just come. Keep me in the loop on this Abeer scandal. Yalla bye. She quickly hangs up, removes her bandana and fixes her h
36) 0) text: Wajda sits in her room waiting and looking concerned. Her Mother peeks in.
36) 1) dialog: Go and say hello to your Father as I prepare his dinner. What's wrong? Are you okay? Don't worry we won't marry you off... (smiling) Not just yet! 4l 29.
37) 8) dialog: Cut it out! (teasing, yet bitter) A movie star huh? Then why is your Mother checking all over town for available women for you? The Father looks up and their eyes meet with pained looks reaches out and puts his hand on hers. She pauses for a second and looks at him tenderly. She playfully pulls her hand away and tosses her hair over her shoulder. He bursts into a charming laugh and pulls her towards him Wajda watches them together, happily.
38) 0) text: Wajda sits in class, looking out the doorway into the corridor. Suddenly she sees her Mother walking with Ms Hu to her office and goes rigid. Her Mother nervously fixes her hair and adjusts her blous
40) 0) text: The Mother cleans a pile of dishes from the previous nigh One slips off her shaking hands and falls to the ground. leans on the edge of the sink and yells loudly.
40) 1) dialog: All this for a bicycle that you'll never have as long as I'm alive. Do you think I'll wait around until you get expelled?!!
41) 0) text: Wajda covers her ears as her Mother breaks another dish - purpose this time. Wajda turns on the radio to a ROCK SON
41) 1) dialog: And turn off that damn radio and those evil songs! You're no better than Abeer. She's staying home and her parents are marrying her off. And that is what we'll do with you too! There's no school for you tomorrow! Wajda turns it off and lies down, looking at her shoes.
42) 0) text: Wajda's Mother paces, talking on the phone, agitated.
42) 1) dialog: I know Iqbal, but my daughter had a problem at school. I didn't have time to tell you. You're paid for the trip whether I am there or not. Don't come tomorrow. (pause) How dare you speak to me that way? (MORE )
42) 3) dialog: Do you think you are the only driver in town?.. Fine! I'll find someone else! She SLAMS the phone down hard and leans back into the cou
43) 1) dialog: Really? I should pay for it? Why can’t you pay for something for once?
43) 3) dialog: Yeah, and what about the dowry money, you handsome groom?
43) 5) dialog: (yelling after him) I don't care! Go to your mother’s house to discuss potential brides all night! A door SLAMS, then only silence. Wajda's eyes fall on the chart she made to map out her savings for the bicycle. 48 49 50 33.
44) 0) text: As Wajda prepares to leave for school she looks through t half open door of her Mother's room. Her Mother’s talking the phone, her hair a mess, looking exhausted.
44) 1) dialog: Can't you count it as emergency leave? I still have some days. You know I've been working hard, covering for everyone. I'll open up for the entire month if I have to. Okay, thank you, see you tomorrow. She hangs up, distraught then sees Wajda through the door
44) 2) dialog: Where do you think you're going? Didn't you hear me yesterday?
44) 4) dialog: Back to your room and don't come out. I don't want to see you today at all, I don't want to hear a peep from you - nothing!
44) 6) dialog: (sarcastic) No darling, I'm staying here to watch over you. Happy? The Mother gets into bed and rolls over, covering herself with the blanket.
45) 0) text: Wajda turns on the RADIO and lowers the volume until it’s barely audible. She looks through her doorway at the hous keys hanging by the front door. She can see her Mother on couch, smoking, watching TV, completely depressed.
46) 0) text: Wajda sneaks past her Mother to the stairwell to the roof 51 52 53 34.
47) 0) text: Wajda carefully lowers herself down a pipe along the side the house. She slips and her black rock falls from her po onto the ground. Through the window she sees her Mother c herself and rush over. She pulls herself against the wall freezes. The Mother looks out, cautiously. Wajda holds on the pipe, holding her breath. Her Mother finally returns the couch and Wajda lowers herself down. She opens the gate, takes gum out of her mouth and sticks into the lock so it doesn't close completely.
51) 0) text: Wajda looks through the window at her Mother, lying on th couch. As soon as she gets up, Wajda ducks down quickly. waits for her Mother to go to the bathroom and then sneak inside.
52) 2) dialog: Had enough? Wajda nods.
52) 3) dialog: Tomorrow you can return to school, but you are joining that religious club, like you told Ms. Hussa.
59) 0) text: The TV is on, muted, in the background. Wajda lays on the floor. She looks up at the TV and sees a commercial for t movie the “Matrix”. Wajda's Mother, holding a phone to he ear, looks at her disapprovingly. Her Mother collects her and turns away from Wajda. Her hair is up, with a few cur dangling seductively on her neck. She smiles, flirtatious
59) 1) dialog: Come on, don't you miss us? It’s been almost two weeks. Are you punishing us or have you already found someone new?.. If I'm the original brand, why do you look for imitation? After flirting with the Father her Mother hangs up, worri goes into her room and makes another call. Wajda takes th chance to put the mug on the table. MOTHER (0.S.)(CONT’D) I collected the money from the other girls for you, Leila. It’s been with me for sometime now. Aren't you coming to take it?.. Really! You're working in the hospital across the road? What did your husband say? Doesn't he mind you working with men?! (pause) What? Yes, great, we're home. She hangs up. Wajda watches her go to her dresser and pul wad of money from a drawer. The doorbell RINGS. Her Mothe notices Wajda's curiosity and starts to close the door.
59) 2) dialog: Go see who it is.
61) 2) dialog: Thank you, sweetie. You were such a cute baby. (frowning suddenly) Tell the boy to go away. His Uncle is not even from our tribe and we will not vote for him.
62) 6) dialog: You traitor! I can't believe you're working so close to my house without even telling me!
63) 3) dialog: Next month. I want to buy a nice dress for her Uncle's engagement. She gestures at Wajda, kicking a rock on the ground.
63) 4) dialog: All the other potential wives will be attending his brother's wedding as well.
63) 7) dialog: No, his Mother is taking us ina cab! The minivan HONKS.
63) 9) dialog: (rolls her eyes) My husband would kill me. He's so jealous. He couldn't stand the thought of other men looking at me!
69) 3) dialog: Don't leave the Koran open! Satan will spit in it! 74 75 51. Wajda jumps up, takes the video game box and leaves.
70) 2) dialog: Don't even think of it. Your Father will go mad if you mess up his TV. Wajda sighs, staring at the locked Majlis door, where her Father's TV sits.
75) 0) text: The FAJR prayer RINGS out. Wajda's Mother wakes her up, tenderly.
75) 1) dialog: Wake up, little troublemaker, it's time for school. Wajda rubs the sleep from her eyes and looks over at the bottle of blue nail polish next to her money-saving chart
76) 0) text: Wajda stands on a stool next to her Mother as they wash f prayer.
76) 2) dialog: Here, girls don't ride bicycles. You will not be able to have children if you ride a bicycle!
76) 4) dialog: How could you say that? I almost died having you! Wash for prayer!
77) 2) dialog: You want to stay home? Fine. But we are going to the mall for my dress the second I come home today! Water DRIPS from the faucet in the bathroom. The sound mi with the IMAM’S VOICE announcing the start of FAJR prayer from the nearby mosque.
77) 4) dialog: Allhu Akbar. She moves her lips silently reciting the prayer.
78) 0) text: Wajda's Mother rushes out of the front gate with all of h supplies, followed by Wajda. The Mother looks up to see t string of lights attached to their roof. She looks down a Wajda, who looks away, still upset. Her Mother takes her things and gets into the car.
78) 1) dialog: (indicating the lights) We'll talk about that later. Iqbal glares at Wajda. She sticks a finger under her nose indicating a mustache, reminiscent of Abdullah’s threat. Iqbal hurries back into the car, spewing curses. The bus jolts away, blowing gray smoke as they embark.
79) 0) text: Wajda opens several drawers in her Mother's dresser. When opens the top drawer she moves aside some clothes to reve large wad of money. She flips through the notes, counting them one by one. She contemplates the money for a while, looks over at her Mother’s almost empty closet. She puts money back, closes the drawer and leaves.
83) 7) dialog: (irritated) We understand that, Iqbal. Enough. She pretends to text someone to stop him from talking to Wajda looks at the little girl’s picture. She leans forwa and tries to talk to Iqbal.
84) 0) text: Wajda’s Mother passes ahead of her as she stands mesmeriz by a kiosk selling accessories. Quickly she goes to the salesperson and points to a rack full of bracelets simila the one's she made with a sign that says "Only 20 Riyals!
85) 0) text: They enter a shop that has an assortment of dresses and g in the window. A red dress stands out among the others. While they talk, Wajda sits on a chair in the entry-way watching the action outside. The salesman pulls out the d and examines the Mother's covered body.
85) 3) dialog: What size is it?
85) 5) dialog: All right. Can I try it?
86) 0) text: The mother in a small bathroom, with Arabic toilet on the floor. The floor is wet. 92 61. She is trying to finish zipping it up while holding the e of it between her legs so the dress doesn’t get wet.
86) 1) dialog: (whispers ) I know it’s a lot of money but I have to show your Father he can’t get anything better than me. The mother opens the door and shows the dress to Wajda. W is leaning over the sink and holding her mother’s Abbya.
86) 2) dialog: Do you think your father will like it? The dress is too big for her. She pulls the ends of the d around her waist to tighten it. Wajda shrugs her shoulder
86) 3) dialog: Let’s take the dress back to the salesman so he can tighten it. Then go quickly before Iqbal gets angry and leaves us. The mother raises the dress edge over her feet and enters bathroom booth again. Wajda hands the mother her Abbya fr over the door.
87) 5) dialog: Aiiyyyeee!!!! They turn, both stunned to see Wajda's Mother at the entr of the roof. The mother tries to hide the cigarette in he hand and put it out secretly. Wajda tips over, lands hard and hurts herself. She looks pleadingly at her Mother.
87) 7) dialog: You stupid-- you think you can act like boys? Your honor, your honor! Oh my God, oh my God. Where is the blood coming from? Where is it coming from?
87) 9) dialog: What? Oh thank God! She sighs in relief, then grabs Wajda by the shoulder.
87) 10) dialog: Bicycles are dangerous for girls and you almost saw why!!! (to Abdullah) And you!! What were you thinking? I'll tell your Uncle to teach you some manners. Get out of here! Abdullah runs away, panicked. The Mother points at the bicycle.
87) 11) dialog: And take that damn thing with you! Abdullah quickly comes back and picks up the bicycle, the runs into the stairway, struggling with the bicycle alone 63. We hear a loud CRASH as the bicycle falls down the stairs Wajda and her Mother look at each other, the Mother tryin compose herself and then... both burst into laughter.
87) 12) dialog: (straightening up) Shame on you, bringing a boy upstairs with no one home. What would your Father do if he knew? He'd kill you!
87) 14) dialog: Listen to me, don’t ever bring him up here again. I will seriously tell his Uncle and he will be in big trouble. If I weren't busy with your Father's party, I would have gotten really upset with you and we would have a long talk about this. (Switching moods suddenly) Now let's get downstairs, we need to start cooking. Your Father's friends are coming over tonight. And get your game out of there; he'll be mad if he knows you are using his TV. Wajda looks up quickly at her Mother, surprised.
87) 15) dialog: You think I don’t know your tricks? At least you're learning the Koran. As they walk off the roof Wajda kicks a piece of ribbon t had fallen off the bicycle. The ribbon flies in the air a their figures disappear into the stairwell.
87) 17) dialog: He is a nice boy. His only problem is that you won't leave him alone. (they both laugh) ) We'll cook the best dinner for your Father's party tonight. 93 94 64.
88) 0) text: Wajda helps her Mother prepare the massive plates of food the group of men in the other room, talking and laughing loudly. Trying to relieve the tension, she starts to SING
88) 1) dialog: Be quiet! Do you want them to hear you? Put this in the oven. Wajda stops singing and looks at her Mother, pushing back lock of hair off her forehead, looking exhausted. Her Father KNOCKS once and they pass the plates through t him at the door. He smiles as he takes it.
88) 4) dialog: Obviously not proud enough. She goes back to the kitchen and starts fixing the next d
89) 0) text: Wajda and her Mother clean up dishes from a long sitting on the floor.
89) 2) dialog: (cynically) Your Father's glorious family tree. Her Mother eats discarded food from the plates, then find her husband's prayer beads and picks them up tenderly. Wajda leaves the family tree and hooks her game into the as her Mother leaves the room. 95 65.
89) 3) dialog: Make sure you clean that all up. I don't want to do anything that will get him upset with us again. Distracted, Wajda puts down the controller and looks at t family tree. The names read: “Khalid, Mansour, Mohammed, Omar...” Her Father's name stands alone while all of his brothers have leaves with boy's names below them. Wajda c a piece of blank paper from the Koran, writes her name on and adds it under her Father's name.
89) 4) dialog: I almost forgot. Ms. Hussa called earlier. Wajda looks at her, wide-eyed, while hooking up the game controller. The Mother enters, smiling suspiciously.
89) 5) dialog: She's really pleased with you! Honestly, the way Ms. Hussa was going on I wasn't sure we were talking about the same person! She looks at Wajda expectantly, but Wajda shrugs, turns t game on and busies herself with it. Her Mother stops clea for a moment.
89) 6) dialog: You keep surprising me!
95) 5) dialog: Well if you won’t listen to me, I don’t know why I should listen to you! Her Mother hangs up, puts on her abbayah and yells:
95) 6) dialog: Get ready, we are going out! Wajda quickly takes off the bicycle helmet. The Mother pu on her Abyya quickly. The new red shoes are left on the floor.
96) 0) text: The Mother fidgets. At the far end of the room she sees Leila, in a lab coat, putting files onto a shelf. She sta on a ladder, wearing only a hijab, with her face and some hair showing. A SAUDI MAN puts a cup of coffee on the counter next to h They exchange jokes.
96) 2) dialog: Shhh! I... just want to give her something. Leila steps down and heads over.
96) 4) dialog: Leila, what happened? Why you are you revealing your face? Laila smiles to her confidently and searches under the de her male colleague comes back. He smiles at the Mother.
96) 7) dialog: Leila, don't worry dear. I'm not here for an application. We were just passing by. Wajda is surprised by her Mother's lie.
96) 8) dialog: We'll leave you now to work. Looks like you're busy.
96) 10) dialog: (interrupting) It's so good to see you, Leila. I'll call you later. She grabs Wajda's hand and leads her towards the door. Wa looks back at Leila wistfully, then at her Mother.
96) 12) dialog: Enough! Her Mother shushes her and quickens her pace out the door
98) 0) text: Wajda brings in her Koran and sits on the floor next to h Mother who irons her Father's thobes, singing.
98) 1) dialog: The handsome man stole my heart; with his black eyes. I come closer, he goes away; (MORE )
98) 3) dialog: making me feel hollow. No tears, no words can bring him back; Oh my heart.. Wajda ignores the piles of note-cards scattered around he looking morose. Her Mother looks at her, concerned, and s singing.
98) 5) dialog: What does Ms. Hussa have to do with it? It's your business! (smiling encouragingly) Your Father is happy that you are doing this. He is so proud of you. Please, Wajda. That’s very important right now. Wajda looks at her Mother, a glimmer of hope in her eyes. sits up straight and recites Surah 30 (Ar-Rum), verse 21:
98) 7) dialog: Give it a tone like this. (beautifully) And of His Signs is that he creates for you mates out of yourselves, so that you may find tranquility in them - Go on try it.
98) 9) dialog: Very good! Now do the next lines like this: (MORE)
98) 11) dialog: (reverently) And He has put love and mercy between you. Surely in this there are indeed Signs for a people who reflect.
98) 13) dialog: (proudly, teasing her) Excellent! Your voice is as lovely as your Mother's. Wajda stops, realizing she’s doing it well!
98) 15) dialog: You are shy? Ha! I only wish it were true! Wajda makes a face at her Mother, who bursts out laughing Wajda barely smiles. Outside they see the lights Abdullah strung up turn on an illuminate the street and their living room. Wajda and her Mother look at each other.
98) 16) dialog: You've worked hard. Come on. She quickly turns the iron off and they run up to the roo
99) 0) text: The two look out as groups of men gather in the street be The lights reflect on Wajda and her Mother who look so mu alike in the dim light. A breeze blows their hair gently. Down the street they see Abdullah's bearded Uncle greetin everyone as they arrive. Abdullah stands at the end of the row, dressed up in his thobe and gutra. Wajda points down at her Father, excited 75.
99) 2) dialog: (intrigued, searching) Where?
99) 4) dialog: (excited) Oh! I see him. Look how handsome he is! Wajda looks at her Mother from the corner of her eye. She busy looking at her Father. Wajda throws a little stone w Abdullah stands and he looks up. He sees her without a ve or head covering in the golden lights he himself strung u and smiles. He fixes his gutra by throwing its ends on his shoulders, show how well dressed and important he is. Wajda smiles back and gestures that there’s something on cheek. Abdullah looks worried and tries to clean his face Wajda laughs. Her Mother looks at her, disapprovingly. Another man, standing next to Abdullah, looks up. Both Wa and her Mother duck behind the wall quickly, laughing sof Wajda's Mother lies down on the roof and stares at the st in the clear sky. Wajda lies next to her and smiles.
99) 6) dialog: (a little shy, surprised) Who? Your Father?
99) 8) dialog: (also teasingly) I don't think I am the one in love with the neighbor's boy! Wajda gets embarrassed, laughing dismissively at her Moth 76. Her Mother laughs. Wajda flips to her side and rests her on her arm in order to face her Mother.
99) 10) dialog: I was in high school when he asked for my hand. All the girls were so jealous when they saw his picture. He was the first man in my life, and most probably the last! And I have to admit, he's a lot of fun.
99) 12) dialog: (suddenly sad) Yeah. He won't see it. He'll be busy in the men's section. The man I know.. he talks big, but he would never burn my heart with a second wife. I don't know who fills his head with this nonsense. She sits up, quickly, changing the subject.
99) 13) dialog: Enough. Let's practice one more time for your competition tomorrow. And don't tell anyone about that crazy bicycle story of yours, they'll never let you win. Wajda makes a face, sits up, determined, and recites.
99) 15) dialog: (warmer inflection) «Mercy between you...
99) 17) dialog: Let it come from your heart, and forget everyone around you. She takes Wajda's hand and places it over her heart.
99) 19) dialog: Now, you've got a big day today. When you go up on the stage, say this after me: God inspire me, make things easier for me. Untie my tongue so I speak fluently. Wajda squints to see her Mother, struggling to remember.
99) 21) dialog: (while fixing her veil) I have to open up the school today. I'm the teacher on duty... Untie my tongue ... Wajda yawns and runs her hand through her hair. 107 78.
99) 23) dialog: ...So I speak fluently They hear a car HONKING at the door. Wajda touches the be on her Mother's abbayah.
99) 25) dialog: I wish I could come today. You know this damn long commute. I know you'll nail it! And don't forget, your Grandmother wants you to wear the vest she made you for luck.
99) 27) dialog: I know you hate it, but do it for her. Wajda stares out into the hallway as her Mother pops her back into the doorway.
99) 28) dialog: And whatever happens, for God's sake, act wise. No bargaining, no fighting, and no crazy ideas about bicycles. Watch that tongue of yours. Understand? She smiles and leaves. Her black shadow stretches across wall and then disappears. Wajda sighs and falls back onto bed. She reaches over and touches her Father's prayer bea on the night-stand.
113) 0) text: Wajda sleeps on the couch, still in her school uniform. S awakened by the sound of GUNSHOTS and BLASTS of fireworks the distance. She sits up and sees that the living room i dark. Lights are shining from the bathroom and her Mother room. She gets up and cautiously walks over. She looks in through the doorway and sees her Mother's abbayah on the bed right next to: A NEW WHITE LAB COAT. She heads for the bathroom.
115) 0) text: Wajda sees her Mother smoking a cigarette in the dim ligh Her hair is cut to shoulder length, twirling in the wind. stares off into the distance, at a party, where strands o lights line a house a few blocks away. Wajda walks over and stands next to her Mother, tossing h Father’s rock idly in her hand. Her Mother tries to discretely put out her cigarette. Wajda stares out at the house with the lights on it, confused. The Mother smiles sadly.
115) 1) dialog: I heard the news. Congratulations, I'm so proud of you. 96.
115) 3) dialog: I can't believe you said you wanted a bicycle! (laughing) ) They must have thought you were crazy! (pauses) Damn them, you don't need their money, anyway. Wajda is taken aback by her Mother's tone. She watches he skeptically as she squints off towards the house having t party.
115) 5) dialog: It's not your Uncle's wedding they are celebrating. Wajda looks up at her Mother suddenly. Her eyes widen in realization. Wajda rushes over to hug her, and they embra Her Mother sits them down and wraps her arms around Wajda head and shoulders as GUNSHOTS ring out in the distance. Mother wipes the tears from Wajda's eyes.
115) 6) dialog: It's all right. He made his decision. It'll be only the two of us now. It will be fine. She strokes her daughter’s hair. Wajda looks up, determin
115) 8) dialog: There's no need for the red dress anymore. Besides, I used that money to buy you something else. 123 97. She reaches over and flicks on the bare light-bulb on the wall. The weak light falls directly on the corner of the roof revealing...
115) 10) dialog: I wanted to surprise you tomorrow morning. Wajda stares at it in disbelief then looks over to her Mother, who smiles at her tenderly.
115) 11) dialog: I hope it’s the right one. The Shopkeeper said he has been holding it for some spunky little girl for weeks. They embrace each other and cry as fireworks continue beh them.
116) 0) text: Wajda pedals through the neighborhood on her new green bicycle. The wind blows through her hair. She slides to a stop in front of her Grandmother’s house. She looks up at lights and remaining decorations. She sighs and continues As she pulls away she sees Abdullah approach with a few o boys. She smiles at him. He smiles back, waves the others go on without him and pushes hard to catch up with her. As they pass the toy shop, The Owner sits sipping tea in front of the store chatting with another FRIEND.