10) 0) text: Wajda tries to blend in with the other girls and sneak in MS. HUSSA, (35), the pretty but stoic principal, stands inside the wall that protects the privacy of the school entrance. A loud LAUGH comes from the gate as Fatin and Fatima ente Ms. Hussa moves towards them.
10) 1) dialog: All right girls, you are just behind the gate, don't laugh so loudly. Women's voices shouldn't carry outside the door! Fatin smiles and nudges Fatima. They giggle but act polit
10) 4) dialog: Wajda! Caught! Wajda stops, turns to face her. MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) (with malicious enjoyment) Where is your head cover? Are you coming to school unveiled?! And who put those awful clips in your hair? The girls all stop talking and giggle at her, except for Fatin and Fatima who watch sympathetically. Wajda looks down in frustration at her wet veil.
20) 0) text: Wajda walks past Ms. Hussa, tea-cup in hand, bored, watch the crowd of girls flow through the gate. Noura approaches Ms. Hussa coyly. She gathers up her cour and holds out a single flower with a note attached.
20) 2) dialog: Thank you for your feelings, but you know you are not supposed to bring flowers to school. Noura reddens. Ms. Hussa gives her back the flower then h over to the gate, not noticing the note falling to the ground. Wajda rushes over, picks the note up, stealthily looks at laughs, sticks it in her vest pocket and hurries inside. INT. CLASSROOM — DAY 22 Wajda enters. One girl cleans the blackboard while others copy each other's homework.
21) 16) dialog: What are you doing there? Go to your class right now or you'll be punished! Wajda stares down at the ground and quickly follows Ms. H into the building. She sees the bottle of blue nail polis scoops it up and hurries off.
22) 0) text: Ms. Hussa stands in front of the gate, examining the girl they pass. She stops one girl with a "Titanic" backpack.
24) 0) text: Ms. Hussa scolds the backpack girl, who anxiously watches bus fill up.
24) 1) dialog: «And change your bag, images are forbidden! Ms. Hussa gate. She tries Ms. Hussa pulls her
24) 3) dialog: Wajda! to hide the paper in her bag and heads over. pauses, looks at Wajda, then over to Abeer. Abeer veil quickly over her face and turns away. Ms. Hussa squints down at Wajda, studying her. She hands MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) Come with an abbayah like this tomorrow or we will reserve your place in the sun for you. Here. Wajda a pamphlet with a picture of a black figure on the front. Wajda takes it and hurries off.
28) 0) text: As Wajda she sees Ms. Hussa at the end of the hall, glari intensely at her.
29) 0) text: An avalanche of items comes pouring out of Wajda's backpa onto the desk as Ms. Hussa shakes out its contents. Wajda sits nervously in a chair. The rock her Father gave her tumbles off the desk and onto the floor next to her. Ms. Hussa shakes her head as she goes through the bracele cassettes, schoolbooks, notebooks and candy bars. She pic up one of the tapes and relaxes back into her chair. 23.
29) 1) dialog: (Authoritatively) Tapes full of love songs, bracelets, all of this... You know are not allowed in school! She opens a folder, signing papers as she talks. MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) Abeer was always a good girl. Do you know how she ended up getting picked up with a strange boy by the religious police? Wajda remains silent, trying not to fidget. MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) Thank God they found someone to marry her off to, it's not like her family will let her come back to school after this. Ms. Hussa stops signing, sits back in her chair and stare Wajda, who looks back at her nervously. MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) So, did you arrange this whole rendezvous for Abeer and her lover?
29) 3) dialog: Don’t lie. I know you took part in this. I just don’t know how. What shall we do with you now? Expel you? Suddenly her secretary, MS. JAMILA, enters the room. Ms. Hussa stops and looks at the folder in her hand. Wajda looks down and notices her black stone. She quickly pockets it. MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) (To Ms. Jamila) Just a moment please. (To Wajda) You may go back to your class. We'll finish this matter later. Wajda takes her notebooks off of the desk and puts them slowly back into her backpack. She walks towards the door 24. MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) And Wajda, wear normal black shoes like all the other girls!
30) 1) dialog: Call Wajda's Mother and see if she can come in for a meeting tomorrow. We have to decide once and for all, what to do about that girl. Wajda becomes terrified. MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) Now what is this?
30) 2) dialog: The proposal for the Koran competition in the religion club. We just need your signature to request the prize money awards. $800 riyals. Wajda’s ears perk up at the amount of money. Thinks...
30) 3) dialog: At least we have something good to show the superintendant. Thank God not all the girls are delinquents. All right, let’s get started on it. Wajda’s heart races. She pulls together all her courage a knocks on Ms. Hussa's door.
31) 0) text: Ms. Hussa takes a deep breath, and looks at Wajda, who nervously crosses her feet to cover her black high tops.
31) 2) dialog: (incredulous ) You are becoming a Shiekha all of a sudden? 35 25.
31) 4) dialog: I will call your Mother tomorrow and speak to her about this. If we agree, it’s your last chance.
53) 8) dialog: First, we've increased the amount for the prize. It is now 1,000 instead of 800 riyals. You'll have to learn all the long suras (the first 4 chapters of the Koran). Wajda raises her eyebrows. She flips through the Koran on her desk and measures the amount of paper she would have learn. MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) The competition is two parts: you'll to study the associated vocabulary along with the reasons why the verses were descended from heaven. You also have to learn the verses and the proper recitation. The correct tone, rhythm and pacing are very important. Wajda sneaks a look at her bicycle drawing and watches th sign up sheet as it passes from one girl to another, nervously. Salma is the first to sign up followed by Nour and then Yasmine... The sheet finally comes to her and Wajda scribbles her na Noura raises an eyebrow and looks to Yasmine as Wajda smu brings it up, hands it to intrigued Ms. Hussa and smiles.
65) 2) dialog: What are you doing here? Why were your hands under her skirt? The girls freeze in their tracks. Wajda stands motionless watching. MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) This is all we need at our school: two girls hiding in the back yard, putting their hands all over each other! Tell me what that means? The girls recoil from each other, mortified. MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) “Sorry” isn’t going to cut it this time. In my office. Now! 70 71 72 48.
72) 0) text: Wajda stands nervously in front of Ms. Hussa's desk.
72) 1) dialog: Wajda, I have to say, I didn’t believe it but apparently you're doing well in class. If this is a permanent thing I will be very impressed. Wajda puts on a polite smile. Ms. Hussa looks through a filing cabinet. She deliberately pulls out a file, looks it, and puts it on her desk. MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) You may not believe it, but I was a little reckless at your age too. And look at me now. Wajda watches Ms. Hussa sit back and thumb through the fi MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) If you keep going the way you’re going, I believe you may actually be able to win this competition. She leans over and presses a button on the intercom. MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) Ms. Jamila? Please come by later and pick up the Koran competition file. All of the questions are complete now. Thank you. She leans back in her chair and pushes the folder to the front of her desk, towards Wajda. 53.
72) 3) dialog: Close the door, please. Fatin politely turns, closes the door and stands next to Fatima. Wajda is surprised to see the girls and shuffles feet nervously. Ms. Hussa sits back. MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) So you still insist that you weren't doing anything there behind the school?
72) 8) dialog: I see. Thank you, that's enough. So we may never know if they were just painting their toe nails as they said. There wasn't even any nail polish. Ms. Hussa looks accusingly at the two girls, then to Wajd with a satisfied smile. MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) Wajda, thank you very much, you may return to your class. Please take this folder out to my secretary, Ms. Jamila. And close the door behind you. Wajda takes the folder from Ms. Hussa and turns to leave. taller girls move out of the way so she can exit. They to over her, glaring as her tiny figure passes between them.
73) 0) text: Wajda stands in the empty corridor, staring at the folder her hands. She opens the folder and is about to read as t conversation carries over from Ms. Hussa's office
73) 1) dialog: It's only a few words, just sign it and we will all forget it.
74) 0) text: Ms. Jamila is by a cabinet. She looks at Wajda as she ent
74) 1) dialog: Is that the competition folder?
74) 3) dialog: Weird, the pages are empty.
97) 0) text: The girls line up for an assembly. Ms. Hussa makes her wa the stage and picks up the megaphone. She stares over the crowd, sternly. She checks the microphone.
97) 1) dialog: Hello...Hello...In the name of God. First I want to thank all the girls for their hard work this term. We are the best school in the area. (MORE )
97) 3) dialog: And I would like to remind all the girls that school is a place for virtue and knowledge. (clears her throat). Girls, I would like you to listen very well. We caught two girls committing a sin behind the school. Their names are Fatin Ali and Fatima Umar. The girls stare intently as Ms. Hussa motions the “offend forward. MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) And now they will come to the front of the stage to repent. Fatin and Fatima make their way to the stage. They appear broken, their heads hanging low and their faces blank. Wa upon seeing the girls, feels sick to her stomach. MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) To avoid similar situations, you are no longer allowed to bring flowers to school for your friends, or give each other letters or autographs. And no one is allowed to hold hands. Do you understand? Good. You may go to your classes now. The girls move quickly toward the door. As Fatin and Fati leave, Fatin bumps into a GIRL.
102) 0) text: Wajda and several other girls practice their recitations. Wajda goes through her note cards, pulling pieces of pape out of her pockets and scanning them. Ms. Hussa enters.
102) 1) dialog: Alright girls, make sure you empty your pockets and leave all your study material behind. No note cards, no reasons of descendence, no vocabulary cards. Alright?!
102) 3) dialog: If we find any type of study material on your person you will be disqualified. Wajda slowly walks over to Salma, bends down next to her, holds out her rock and shows it to her.
103) 0) text: Wajda sits in a line with 7 girls and one empty chair, as following: Wajda, Contestant #2, Noura, Contestant #4, Yasmine, Contestant #6, Contestant #7, and an empty chair She nervously shakes her leg, facing a table with the teachers. Ms. Hussa writes "First Round" on a small blackboard and heads back to her seat with the other teac A fan turns slowly above them, rattling in the silent roo
103) 1) dialog: Welcome girls, we are very proud of you for all of the work you have put into this competition. Now, let's start with vocabulary from the verses you learned. If you get the answer right, you stay in line. If you get it wrong, please exit to the right of the stage. Wajda, please come forward. Who are the Sabians? Wajda tries to compose herself. She brushes the sweat off forehead and walks to the front of the stage.
103) 3) dialog: Correct. Next. What is Ayat? 81. The girl next to Wajda gets up and moves to the front.
103) 5) dialog: Incorrect. Next. What is Ayat? The girl lowers her head and leaves to the right. Noura comes to the front of the stage.
103) 7) dialog: Correct! Go back to your place. Next. What's Al Fitnah?
103) 9) dialog: Incorrect. Next. What’s Al Fitnah?
103) 11) dialog: Correct. Next. What’s sodgatehun? The 6th Contestant thinks hard, unsure. Noura looks at he happily, while Wajda looks at her compassionately, holdin the black stone.
103) 13) dialog: Incorrect. What is sodgatehun?
103) 15) dialog: Excellent. Well done all of you. And now-- Just then, Ms. Jamila enters and whispers to her. MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) She's ready? Good, send her in. 82. Salma enters from behind the stage. Her hair is dripping and she has obviously just showered. Red faced, and mortified, she sits at the end of the line. Wajda glances her. Noura glares at Salma, furiously. MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) Salma, please come forward. What is Al Farqgan? Salma moves to the front of the stage.
103) 17) dialog: Excellent. Next. From the beginning. Da'ab? Wajda moves back to the front of the stage.
103) 19) dialog: Correct. Next. What is Zaygh?
103) 21) dialog: Correct! Next. What is “hoban Kabiran"?
103) 23) dialog: Well? Sorry Yasmine. Next. What is “Hoban Kabiran”?
103) 25) dialog: Also incorrect. What is “Hoban Kibiran?
103) 27) dialog: Correct. Thank you. Wajda looks at Ms. Hussa, trying to hide how nervous she Only the three girls remain in the eight chairs. Ms. Hussa confers with the other teacher and then stands and moves to the front of the room. MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) Those of you on the right of the stage, please come and collect your certificate of appreciation, thank you for participating, I'm sure you learned a lot. Noura, Salma, and Wajda, congratulations, you're going to compete for the championship. Good luck.
104) 0) text: Ms. Hussa stands under the words "Championship" on the blackboard. Noura, Salma and Wajda sit at a table in fron the stage. Wajda looks petrified, while Noura smiles with contentmen and Salma stares ahead in quiet determination.
104) 2) dialog: Girls, we'll now have you recite. Please read until we indicate for you to stop. We’ll start with Surat al Nisa, from ayat 66, Noura begin with “If we had decreed”:
104) 6) dialog: Salma start Surat al Bakara from the beginning.
104) 13) dialog: That's enough. Thank you, Salma. Let's continue. Wajda removes her sweaty hand from the table, leaving a m imprint on it. She dries her hand on her dress. She puts her hand in her pocket, pulls out her Father’s s and grips it tightly. A piece of paper sticks out of the pocket on her vest. She looks at Salma, trying not to cry MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) Let’s continue. Wajda puts the stone back in her pocket and waits silentl for the teacher's instructions.
104) 16) dialog: (softly) Thank you, Wajda, that was very good. Noura looks worried and very angry. Fatima has a small sm on her face. The two teachers lean in to consult each oth The moment seems endless to Wajda. MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) Girls, you did an excellent job and you should be proud you all made it this far. Congratulations...we will announce the winner after the prayer. Out of the corner of her eye she sees Noura, peering down Wajda's vest pocket. Wajda looks at her, confused, then d at her pocket and sees the paper sticking out. Noura’s mouth widens in a devilish grin as she sits strai up in her chair. Wajda blanches, pushes the paper down in to her pocket, hiding it, then looks up quickly, panicking. As the girls exit the stage Noura approaches the table wh the judges sit. She leans over to Ms. Hussa and whispers something into her ear. Ms. Hussa furrows her brow, pause for a moment and looks at Wajda. MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) Wajda, please come over here. Worried, Wajda walks over to the judges' table. MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) Empty your pockets. Wajda stares at her.
104) 19) dialog: Thank you, Noura, for your courage. You may go now. Noura shoots Wajda an evil smile. MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) Wajda, empty your pockets, please. Wajda slowly pulls out the contents of her pockets, first rock, then her Father's prayer beads, and puts them on th table. She pauses, looks down at her vest pocket, and reluctantly pulls out the folded piece of paper. Not remembering what it is, she looks at it with despair and it on the table. The Koran teacher takes the paper from the table and read it. Her face relaxes and she suppresses a smile. She hand to Ms. Hussa.
104) 21) dialog: Thank you, Wajda. Please go join the other girls for prayer. She smiles and hands the note back to her. MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) And when you return this note to its illustrious author, I assume you will do so with the benevolence and graciousness your Koran learning has taught you. Wajda takes the note, turns away, still wide eyed, and in slowly away from the table. As she moves away from them h look of fear and shock turns into a very broad grin. 112 113 88.
106) 0) text: The girls line up into rows. Some are taking out their abbayahs and wrapping themselves for prayer. Ms. Hussa is in the first row along with the other contestants and a very angry Noura at her side. Wajda sees Fatin and Fatima in the middle of the mosque a lines up next them, smiling. She unfolds her abbayah and ready to pray. Fatin looks over at her, raising her eyebr
106) 7) dialog: Wajda! We saved you a spot in the first row with the other contestants. Wajda looks back to Fatin and Fatima, fixing their abbaya for prayer. Wajda hesitates.
106) 9) dialog: Good Muslims have to line up close to each other so the devil... (indicates Fatin and Fatima) ) «doesn't get in between them. Wajda avoids looking at Ms. Hussa as she lines up in her spot. The call for the start of prayer is announced and a of the girls pray in one synchronized voice.
107) 0) text: Noura, Salma and Wajda wait nervously on stage. Ms. Hussa reaches to a megaphone behind the blackboard.
107) 1) dialog: Standing in front of me are the three finalists of the school-wide Koran competition. Only one will be awarded the cash prize, but all will receive lst, 2nd an 3rd place certificates. The third place winner is..Salma Andul Azziz. Salma smiles to Wajda. MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) And now, the runner up to this year's competition is... (pauses) Noura Al Markoon. Wajda covers her face, tearing up with happiness, the exa opposite of Noura’s right now. 90. Salma rushes up and gives Wajda an ecstatic congratulator hug. She scurries back to her seat and savors every secon Noura, rigid and miserable, trudging up to Ms. Hussa, tak her certificate and storming off the stage and out of the room. MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) Wajda Al Safan, you are our champion. Congratulations! You are in this spot because of your devotion and perseverance, and I hope all the girls here today learn from your example. Wajda's face beams with happiness as she walks slowly to front of the stage. She nods "thank you" as Ms. Hussa han her the certificate. She looks nervously at the megaphone MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) Alf Mabruk bint al Saffon. Don't be shy! And what are your plans for the prize money? As Ms. Hussa hands her the megaphone, Wajda pauses and sc the faces of the audience.
107) 4) dialog: What? Wajda looks at Fatin and Fatima, who both smile, impresse with her statement. Wajda looks back at Ms. Hussa.
107) 6) dialog: (persuasively) Now Wajda, wouldn't you rather donate the money to our fighting brothers in Palestine?
107) 8) dialog: A bicycle is not a toy for girls Wajda. Especially Muslim girls who need to protect their honor. Plus, I'm sure your family won't allow it. We will donate the money in your name to our brothers and sisters fighting in Palestine.
107) 10) dialog: Thank you for your obedience and generosity. You may step down now. Wajda stares at Ms. Hussa, then looks over at the other teachers cautiously, realizing their disapproval. She continues staring at Ms. Hussa, knowing she cannot argue. Distraught, she turns to leave, but Ms. Hussa stops her MS. HUSSA (CONT’D) (whispers ) You think you can act however you want and people won't notice? This will haunt you forever. Wajda, infuriated, speaks very loudly.