1) 3) text: Wajda! Step to the front, please. Wajda makes her way out of the rows of girls. NOURA, (11) sweet and perfect type, bumps into her, smiles and fills place in the front line. Wajda stands in front of the lin girls alone.
20) 0) text: Wajda walks past Ms. Hussa, tea-cup in hand, bored, watch the crowd of girls flow through the gate. Noura approaches Ms. Hussa coyly. She gathers up her cour and holds out a single flower with a note attached.
20) 1) dialog: (sweetly) This is for you. 22 23 15. Wajda watches from the corner of her eye. Ms. Hussa looks questionably at Noura, takes the flower and reads the not
21) 0) text: Wajda is playing on the hopscotch grid. Noura raises her and looks off into the distance.
21) 1) dialog: We need to go inside! Men are watching us! 16. All the girls look to where Noura is pointing. Wajda can barely make out a group of construction workers atop a building in the distance.
21) 3) dialog: If you can see them, they can see you. Come on, all good girls are going inside. She smirks at Wajda as the girls all follow her in. Shame Wajda thinks, then smiles and calls out.
53) 2) dialog: (raising her hand) I want to tell the story of the giant snake from Hell that was sent to torture the girl that did not pray after she died. Wadja is busy drawing a picture of a bicycle when she hea Ms. Hussa’s high heels approach. Behind Wajda, Yasmine whispers to Noura, giggling.
53) 4) dialog: It was her lover, not a thief! Her Father thought it was a thief and called the police! A conservative older girl, SALMA, shushes them.
53) 6) dialog: (rolling her eyes) Of course you would think that, Salma. The only man that would ever speak to you would have to be a thief. Salma looks down, eyes watering. The girls giggle then compose themselves as Ms. Hussa enters.
64) 6) dialog: (in perfect harmony) ...refer it to Allah and the Messenger, if you should believe in Allah and the Last Day. That is the best [way] and best in result
90) 1) dialog: Let me see! Let me see! Are you wearing this only? Noura covers her face in astonishment. The Teacher comes and Wajda pulls herself away from the scene. The other gi don't notice. Noura points at a picture.
90) 2) dialog: Is this your Father?
90) 4) dialog: He looks like your grandfather. But I guess that’s the best your family could do-- Humiliated, Salma snatches the photo back. All the girls except Wajda laugh. The Koran Teacher appears behind, catching them off guard.
90) 7) dialog: No you didn't! (turning to the teacher) Salma just got married. Look, she brought in pictures!
102) 2) dialog: Vocabulary? Reasons of Descendence?! We were supposed to know all of that? Wajda empties her pockets, pulling out note cards and pie of paper. She takes out her Father's prayer beads and the black rock. She notices Salma, sitting on a bench with he hands tucked between her shaking knees, looking around nervously. Ms. Hussa moves to leave.
102) 7) dialog: If you feel nervous about it, maybe you shouldn't do it. (pause) It's a lot of stress. Salma gives Noura a hateful look. Ms. Hussa passes by, he hands full of paper. Salma gets up and runs over to her. two speak quietly. Wajda watches them, slowly moving the between her thumb and fingers as Ms. Hussa sends Salma ou the door.
103) 0) text: Wajda sits in a line with 7 girls and one empty chair, as following: Wajda, Contestant #2, Noura, Contestant #4, Yasmine, Contestant #6, Contestant #7, and an empty chair She nervously shakes her leg, facing a table with the teachers. Ms. Hussa writes "First Round" on a small blackboard and heads back to her seat with the other teac A fan turns slowly above them, rattling in the silent roo
103) 6) dialog: It's proof, like evidence.
103) 20) dialog: Weakness.
104) 0) text: Ms. Hussa stands under the words "Championship" on the blackboard. Noura, Salma and Wajda sit at a table in fron the stage. Wajda looks petrified, while Noura smiles with contentmen and Salma stares ahead in quiet determination.
104) 1) dialog: (whispering to Wajda) I’1ll bet you never thought you’d make it this far. But beware of the ugly bride over there, she looks pretty determined to win. Especially after her shower. Wajda turns away. Salma flashes Noura a look of intense a about to cry.
104) 3) dialog: (flatly but correct) And if We had decreed upon them, "Kill yourselves" or "Leave your homes," they would not have done it, except for a few of them. (MORE )
104) 5) dialog: But if they had done what they were instructed, it would have been better for them and a firmer position. And then We would have given them from Us a great reward. And We would have guided them to a straight path. And whoever obeys Allah and the Messenger - those will be with the ones upon whom Allah has bestowed favor of the prophets, the steadfast affirmers of truth, the martyrs and the righteous. And excellent are those as companions. Ms. Hussa raises her hand for her to stop. Noura sits bac confidently. Ms. Hussa looks to Salma to begin.
104) 18) dialog: I saw a cheat-sheet in her pocket, Ms. Hussa. You said that they were to have no notes or else they'd be disqualified. 87.
106) 0) text: The girls line up into rows. Some are taking out their abbayahs and wrapping themselves for prayer. Ms. Hussa is in the first row along with the other contestants and a very angry Noura at her side. Wajda sees Fatin and Fatima in the middle of the mosque a lines up next them, smiling. She unfolds her abbayah and ready to pray. Fatin looks over at her, raising her eyebr
107) 0) text: Noura, Salma and Wajda wait nervously on stage. Ms. Hussa reaches to a megaphone behind the blackboard.