53) 5) dialog: If she said it was a thief, then it was a thief.
64) 0) text: Wajda's black colored shoes sit in a pile with all of the others by the door. The girls sit on the floor in a circl Wajda sits patiently, focused on the teacher. The Koran Teacher has Salma pass out a copy to each stude from a small shelf in the corner of the room.
90) 0) text: All the girls crowd around Salma who passes around pictur The girls laugh and reach for them.
90) 3) dialog: (upset) That's Khalid, my husband! 66.
90) 14) dialog: And whoever opposes the Messenger after guidance has become clear to him and follows other than the way of the believers - We will give him what he has taken and drive him into Hell, and evil it is asa destination... The sweet sound echoes through the room, while the girls follow along. Noura’s eyes stare at Salma through angry slits. Wajda looks out at the empty hallway, disappointed
102) 5) dialog: I'm not clean, I can't read the Koran. Wajda looks at her, perplexed. Overhearing, Noura approac 80.
102) 6) dialog: (whispering) You know... after you sleep with your husband... you have to wash before you read the Koran. Noura nods in agreement, hiding her excitement.
103) 16) dialog: The Koran.
103) 26) dialog: Great Injustice. 83.
104) 0) text: Ms. Hussa stands under the words "Championship" on the blackboard. Noura, Salma and Wajda sit at a table in fron the stage. Wajda looks petrified, while Noura smiles with contentmen and Salma stares ahead in quiet determination.
104) 7) dialog: (lowering her eyes) In the name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful. Alif Lam Mim. This Book, there is no doubt in it, is a guide to those who guard against evil. Noura’s cold eyes distract her.
104) 8) dialog: Those who believe in the unseen and keep up prayer and spend out of what We have given them. And who... and who...
104) 10) dialog: (shaken, continuing) Who believe in that which has been revealed to you and that which was revealed before you and... uh
104) 12) dialog: (more shaken, continuing) «And they are sure of the hereafter. These are on a.. Salma stops and looks up. Ms. Hussa raises her hand.
107) 0) text: Noura, Salma and Wajda wait nervously on stage. Ms. Hussa reaches to a megaphone behind the blackboard.