13) 0) text: Wajda’s feet race, her eyes like steel and she finally catches up to the truck now parked in front of a toy shop 15 10. Men unload boxes and bicycles wrapped in plastic bags. Sh cranes her neck. Where is the green one? As Wajda moves forward she hears a SPLASH! She looks down She's standing in a stream of water. She moves to the sid As the truck pulls away the TOY SHOP OWNER goes into the and brings out THE BICYCLE. He puts it on display in the front, out in the sun. He takes a sign from his clipboard writes, "Only 500 Riyals," and places it on the handlebar He goes back inside the store and puts an "Talal Maddah" record on an old record player, glancing at this strange little girl still standing outside his door. Her eye then shift to the sign and the price as the MUSIC drifts out of the store.
39) 0) text: Frazzled, Wajda walks quickly home staring straight ahead She looks up and sees the bicycle in front of the shop. The Toy Shop Owner sits, drinking tea with ANOTHER MAN. A BEARDED MAN approaches. The other man puts down his tea cup and quickly exits. 44 45 46 31. The Owner gets up to walk into the store with the Bearded Man. The owner is trying to be cordial with him. The man breaks one of the toys. Wajda hurries off. She hears the man shouting.
55) 2) dialog: Do you plan on buying anything?
55) 4) dialog: You won't find any tapes back there. We only have CD's. He smiles, mockingly. Wajda looks back, suppressing a smi
55) 6) dialog: Can you even ride one?
67) 1) dialog: What are you doing? Still browsing?
67) 4) dialog: Only 80 riyals.. Cheaper than a bicycle.
92) 2) dialog: I don’t know what you’re talking about.
92) 5) dialog: (Sarcastically) Thanks for your generosity.
109) 0) text: Wajda speeds up as she nears the toy shop. She breaks int run as she sees that the bicycle is no longer there. She looks up to the Toy Shop Owner, unloading boxes from a tr He glances over at her and shrugs his shoulders.
109) 1) dialog: I had to. Wajda storms off angrily, crying fresh tears. Abdullah, standing at the corner, stares at the empty spo front where the bicycle once sat.