29) 0) text: Tastefully decorated and filled with happy blondes. Shell enters and looks around, out of place in her skimpy outfi next to the preppier college girls. ASHLEY, 21, the Phi M President walks up, perfect and perky.
29) 1) dialog: Can I help you?
29) 3) dialog: (sweetly) Well...you have to be asked to live here. She looks Shelley up and down.
29) 4) dialog: Do you go to this school? Shelley looks around.
29) 6) dialog: (still sweetly) No, this is a sorority house at a school. And you do look like an older sluttier version of the type of girl we would want, but I’m sorry you’re not a student. It was so nice talking to you. 32 20. Ashley turns and walks away.
29) 8) dialog: So nice. Ashley exits. Shelley starts to leave, disappointed, when she spots --
43) 8) dialog: (friendly) Oh, hey, Zetas! Hi! We never see you guys out. 40. The Zetas smile, happy to be acknowledged by the popular girls.
43) 10) dialog: Oh right...
43) 12) dialog: Congratulations. (to Maria) Maria, right? I remember you from the last Panhellenic meeting. You were the one who wanted to add an economics day to Greek Week.
43) 14) dialog: Yeah.... hey, by the way, you guys got here just in time. We're having a karaoke contest. Sororities versus fraternities. She points to the stage where some Kappa Sigs finish thei butchery of "PARADISE CITY".
43) 17) dialog: We'll pick a good song for you. Don't worry, you can't be any worse than we were. 41.
43) 40) dialog: She's right, Courtney. We should apologize. Especially since we're about to take their house.
43) 42) dialog: We heard you're losing your charter so Phi Mu's going to buy your house when it goes on sale after Rush. We're going to have so many pledges we'll need the extra space. The girls are stricken by this.
56) 1) dialog: Who are they?
63) 0) text: Ashley, the Phi Mu president talks to a group of girls.
63) 1) dialog: At Phi Mu we are very exclusive because we can be. Many of our sisters are leaders on campus. We have a rockin GPA average and our very own Korean manicurist. She's interrupted by WHOOPS AND HOLLERS coming from the Z booth where Tanya and Carrie Mae are posing for a pic wit bunch of guys.
63) 2) dialog: (continuing) What's that?
63) 4) dialog: Don't be ridiculous. Why would they have a booth and who would go to it? A group of hot guys are being fed cupcakes by some of the laughing Zeta girls.
65) 0) text: Tonya, Joanne and a few other newly blonde Zetas are hang with some cute boys as Ashley and Courtney walk up to the 68 54.
65) 1) dialog: What's going on over here?
65) 3) dialog: Who are you? And where are the Zetas? One of the guys snickers.
65) 4) dialog: (continuing) What are you laughing at, Gerald? Joanne steps up.
65) 8) dialog: I needed to hurt someone.
74) 0) text: Ashley, Courtney and the Phi Mu Housemother stand on the porch, watching the party at Zeta. A BANNER on the porch reads "Phi Mu/Kappa Sig Mixer", but the Phi Mu house is empty.
74) 1) dialog: They're over there, aren't they? The Kappa Sigs?
75) 9) dialog: (scrambling) We just wanted to see how our fellow sisters the Zetas were doing. The crowd erupts in cheers as Tonya gets thrown high in t air for a bellyflop sacrifice. The crowd goes ‘ooh’.
76) 0) text: Ashley and Courtney sit at the dining room table. Ashley eating M&M’s one at a time and looking like crap and Cour is holding an icebag on her breast. The housemother looks impatient as she listens to them moan. The curtains are closed and it is dark and cave like.
76) 1) dialog: I have never been so humiliated.
76) 3) dialog: I’ve never been laughed at before. The housemother snaps.
112) 3) dialog: She just dropped these on the floor. Can you send them out for her?
115) 0) text: All the rushees are piling into the other houses. No one coming to Zeta. 122 94. Ashley and Courtney welcome their huge throng.
117) 0) text: The girls burst out of the house and head for Phi Mu. Mon is the first one there, getting in Ashley's face.
117) 2) dialog: What? There is general hub bub and name calling amongst the two sororities finally the Phi Mu housemother steps in.
117) 5) dialog: I don’t have any idea what you are talking about.
119) 11) text: A large auditorium style classroom. It is filled with sorority and fraternity types. There is a table at the fr with Ashley and a couple of other “Greek” leaders. There also a large screen and a projection system. Mrs. Hagstro and Mr. Walker, her fraternity counterpart, are obviously running things.
119) 29) dialog: And you yelled at me for wearing open toed shoes! The Beer Pong Dude stands up.