39) 0) text: We see a TOPLESS Shelley from behind, walking out of the bathroom, freshly showered. Towel around her head and tow around her waist. As she walks down the hall we see the Zeta’s diving back in their rooms in shock and embarrassm Lilly the shy English girl actually faints. Maria rounds corner, reading a letter.
50) 0) text: All of the Zetas get spray-on tans. As Lilly gets sprayed giggles like she’s being tickled.
83) 0) text: Shelley is talking into Lilly’s closet. Lilly pokes her scarf covered head out. Shelley leads her out across the room and out onto the front yard. She looks peaceful and control. The two even start talking about English history From the other side of the yard, the mailman appears and tries to hand her the mail. She freaks out and runs back inside. 86 87 71. INT. MARIA’S ROOM - DAY 86 There is a chart on the wall that says “Intelligent Conversation Topics”. It has headings that say, Literatur Art, History, etc.. Shelley is sitting on the bed. Harmon sitting opposite her pretending to be Oliver(she is dress like a man and wearing a wig).
94) 10) dialog: Look at you people! Is this really what you have become? (MORE )
94) 12) dialog: Judging other girls on their appearance, calling them ‘weird’? I’m sure glad I joined when I did because I probably wouldn’t make the cut these days. And neither would a lot of you. I can’t believe that Zeta has become just like Phi Mu. A bunch of snooty bitches! Lilly gets so self conscience that she finally spoke that bolts toward the window and dives out. Everyone stares at each other. She was right about what she said. Silence.
98) 4) dialog: And she got me to talk. Everyone agrees, happily.
111) 0) text: Lilly walks across the quad. She has all the pledge bids her hands. There must be about 100 of them.
112) 0) text: Lilly walks up to the counter. The clerk is on the phone, shuffling through some papers. There is a cute guy standi there who notices her. gl.
112) 2) dialog: I just...transferred. My name is Lilly. Ashley walks in to drop off her bids. She sees Lilly is i deep conversation. She sees Lilly’s envelopes. While the clerk is still turned around, she acts quickly and slides them into the nearby garbage can. The clerk finishes his phone call. Ashley hands her invites to him.
112) 5) dialog: What happened to all those invites??
112) 7) dialog: Pheww. You scared me.
114) 6) dialog: If there is a shy pledge, she can have my closet. Mona is looking out the front door.
116) 4) dialog: Absolutely.
116) 15) dialog: Guys...Ashley must have stolen them. She was there when I was there. And there was this boy there. And I never talked to one before. And I got his phone number. And, and, and...