2) 11) text: Thank you, Marvin. You make the best margaritas.
2) 12) dialog: That’s cuz these are mangoritas. I invented them myself.
9) 0) text: Shelley’s massive birthday party is in full swing. Everyo is dressed as pirates. Marvin the butler wheels in a huge cake that says ‘Happy Birthday Shelley’. Shelley makes a silent wish, then she blows the candles out and everyone nuts. 12 13 14
12) 0) text: Decorated with PHOTOS from nine years of Mansion festivit Her BUNNY EARS are on a special shelf, lit like an Oscar. Shelley sleeps, hugging POOTER, her cranky white Himalaya cat. Marvin (shirtless) enters with a breakfast tray.
12) 1) dialog: Your blueberry French Toast is ready, Shelley. He sets them gently on the foot of the bed as she awakens with a happy smile.
12) 3) dialog: The best. Shelley sees an envelope on her breakfast tray.
12) 5) dialog: It’s from Mr. Hefner.
12) 8) dialog: Just open the envelope. She places the envelope over her heart and shuts her eyes
12) 10) dialog: I hate to have to tell you this, but maybe it’s because of your age.
12) 12) dialog: (shrugging) That's fifty-nine in Bunny years. Shelley frowns, trying to do the math.
12) 14) dialog: Mr. Hefner left for Las Vegas this morning. I don’t think he’s that great with good-byes. Shelley starts to cry.
12) 15) dialog: How bout I make you one last mangorita for old times sake?
14) 0) text: Shelley stands in the driveway with Pooter staring at a r Honda Accord. Marvin carries out her bags.
14) 2) dialog: That car belongs to the company. This is the car you came here with. He puts her suitcase in the back. She sighs and gets in, starting it. She sees Pooter sitting on the driveway,
14) 4) dialog: Here let me help. 17 11. Marvin picks up Pooter but as he gets closer to the car Pooter starts freaking out. The harder he tries to put he the car the more she digs her claws into his bare chest. Finally he gives up and stands there with the cat clingin his chest.
14) 5) dialog: She’s seems a little nervous. Why don’t I keep her here for a few days till she calms down.
44) 0) text: Hef has just arrived back home. All the girls are there t welcome him back. Marvin is bringing the luggage in.
44) 2) dialog: Shelley’s not here Mr. Hefner. She wanted me to give you this note. He pulls a letter out of his pants pocket and hands it to Hef. Hef reads the letter slowly. He looks up with a tear his eye.
90) 0) text: Hef sits on his bed eating ice cream out of the carton. A of the curtains are closed. Holly, Bridget, Kendra and Cassandra try to rouse him from his depression. Marvin br in a new carton and switches it out.
90) 13) dialog: Yes, sir. Marvin heads for the computer room. He pauses, looks at H gets an idea, then exits to the computer room.. 94 95 81.
109) 0) text: Shelley is ready for bed, talking to Marvin.
109) 2) dialog: I don’t know Shelley, it sounds like they were better off with you.
109) 4) dialog: It sure is Shelly. Good night. Marvin goes to exit, pausing at the door for a moment to at Shelley rolling over sadly to go to sleep. Then he exi
121) 17) dialog: I’ve been hired as the Zeta House’s new butler. Since you'll be taking classes next semester, you'll need someone to help out around here. Oh, and Hef wanted me to let you know that the Zetas have a lifetime pass into the mansion. The girls all react, psyched.
121) 19) dialog: Ladies. I am at your disposal.
121) 21) dialog: Not a problem. All the girls come in for a group hug as we fade.