1) 9) dialog: Hi, Hef!
1) 11) dialog: You're so sweet to me Hef, but all the girls here are great.
2) 0) text: Shelley is treading water when suddenly Scott Caan swims
2) 5) dialog: Oh, my gosh! I love riding bareback. Adam Levine comes up under..
2) 8) dialog: I don’t want to chicken fight, I’m a vegetarian...
2) 10) dialog: Did we win? EXT. MANSION - POOL —- MOMENTS LATER 4 CLOSE ON a frozen cocktail being poured into a glass. We BACK to see Shelley, now dry, surrounded by adoring MEN a MARVIN, the handsome shirtless butler from before, refill their drinks.
2) 13) dialog: Wow, they taste so much better when you spell it that way. Aren’t these the best Mangoritas guys? The men -- aging lotharios -- grunt in agreement. The COW stares at her boobs.
2) 15) dialog: Oh, you like the waterfall?
2) 17) dialog: (deeply touched) They’re two years old on Friday. Cassandra comes walking over.
2) 19) dialog: Of course. This is Cassandra she’s only been here a few months, but everybody loves her because she is super beautiful and she never throws up on anyone when she’s drunk. The men all nod in admiration. Cassandra looks disgusted.
2) 24) dialog: Yeah, I do so cross your fingers, hopefully Hef might give me good news at my birthday party this weekend... (sotto; excited) I have my turn-ons ready and everything.
2) 26) dialog: Tanning, giving backrubs, convertibles, and rude people. (beat, then) No, wait, rude people is a turn- off. I’m such a yummy dummy.
2) 28) dialog: Being a centerfold is the highest, most prestigious honor there is. It says “I’m naked in the middle of the magazine; unfold me.”
2) 30) dialog: It's paradise --
3) 0) text: CREDITS ROLL and "BIG PIMPIN'" by Jay Z PLAYS, as a limo pulls up, disgorging a bevy of Bunnies, Shelley happily leading the way.
5) 0) text: Shelley leads the girls in Yoga on the lawn. She moves in the downward dog position, all the girls follow. A bunch gardeners stop what they’re doing to jostle for position behind the girls to stare.
8) 0) text: The Bunnies pull skimpy clothes off the rack as they're attended to by eager Saleswomen. Shelley steps out of the dressing room in an adorably slutty cocktail dress, twirl with delight.
8) 2) dialog: It is? Then you should take it. The salesgirl pulls a red version of the dress off of the rack.
8) 4) dialog: (excitedly) Yay! We can be different color twins!
8) 7) dialog: Aren't we the luckiest girls in the world?
9) 0) text: Shelley’s massive birthday party is in full swing. Everyo is dressed as pirates. Marvin the butler wheels in a huge cake that says ‘Happy Birthday Shelley’. Shelley makes a silent wish, then she blows the candles out and everyone nuts. 12 13 14
10) 0) text: The Bunnies are on the dance floor and shake their money- makers amidst a crowd of admirers. A waitress arrives wit tray of kamikaze shots. The Bunnies clink, drink and cont dancing. Shelley, in the center of it all, is having the of her life, as we DISSOLVE TO --
12) 0) text: Decorated with PHOTOS from nine years of Mansion festivit Her BUNNY EARS are on a special shelf, lit like an Oscar. Shelley sleeps, hugging POOTER, her cranky white Himalaya cat. Marvin (shirtless) enters with a breakfast tray.
12) 2) dialog: Ooh, laa laa... thank you, Marvin. Was that the best party last night or what?
12) 4) dialog: What’s that?
12) 6) dialog: (excited) It is? It must be my birthday present! Is it finally happening? Am I Miss November? That’s what I wished for when I blew out my candles... (with sudden dread) (MORE )
12) 9) dialog: (continuing) Okay, I'm ready. She opens it and reads aloud. SHELLEY (CONT’D) (continuing) "Dear, Shelley --" Oh, my G-d, that's me! "Please move out of the mansion immediately." She frowns, growing concerned, but keeps reading. SHELLEY (CONT’D) (continuing) "You have two hours to collect your belongings and leave the premises." (to Marvin) Hef's kicking me out? Why would he do that? This is my home! This is my family! Her big blue eyes fill with tears. Marvin feels bad.
12) 11) dialog: But I'm 27!
12) 13) dialog: Maybe if I just talk to Hef, he'll let me stay. 15 16 10.
13) 0) text: Shelley sobs and sips her last mangorita as she packs. PO watches disgruntled from his perch.
13) 1) dialog: Don't worry, Pooter. We'll find a new place to live. It won't have coconut pancakes or poledancing lessons or fireworks on Pamela Lee’s birthday ... but we'll survive. Somehow. Pooter highly doubts this.
14) 0) text: Shelley stands in the driveway with Pooter staring at a r Honda Accord. Marvin carries out her bags.
14) 1) dialog: Where's my pink Prius?
14) 3) dialog: C'mon, Pooter. We have to find a new place to live. Pooter doesn’t budge.
14) 6) dialog: Okay. Don’t worry Pooter I’1l get us a nice place to live. We pull out from the Oklahoma license plate to see the Ac putting out of the Mansion driveway, backfiring. Through back window, we see Pooter running back inside as quickly possible. Marvin stands in the driveway waving good bye w giant scratches all over his chest.
15) 0) text: Shelley cries as she shops -- retail therapy. Shelley hol up a dress.
15) 1) dialog: Will this make me look younger?
15) 3) dialog: (confused) Oh, just put it on my tab.
16) 2) dialog: Jean-Michelle, can you please tell Svetlana I need to be exfoliated immediately? (leans in and whispers) I'm an old hag.
17) 0) text: 19 Shelley hands her ticket to the valet, JORGE. He holds ou his hand.
17) 2) dialog: For what?
17) 4) dialog: But parking is free.
17) 6) dialog: But -- What am I supposed to do? axis. She 13.
17) 8) dialog: Jorge!
17) 10) dialog: What?
17) 13) dialog: I can twirl a baton... I can play roller-blade volleyball... I can spell almost every word I know, except for mononucleosis-- Jorge frowns, interrupting her.
17) 15) dialog: Oh, my G-d! Yes! Is that a job?
18) 0) text: Shelley, in a polyester IHOP uniform, sits in a booth wit Korean family. She is in the middle of a story. The famil looks confused and a little scared.
18) 1) dialog: So then Marvin the butler said that I had to leave because I was too old. It’s all been really heartbreaking. The Korean Grandmother chimes in.
18) 3) dialog: Um, I know, right. Excuse me! Can we see the manager. The manager comes over to the table. SHELLEY (CONT’D) Could you see what’s up with these guys pancakes and can you also bring me a chocolate shake? The manager removes his hat and puts on a Donald Trump wi
19) 0) text: Shelley sits in her car, she looks at a picture of Pooter that is hanging from her rearview mirror.
19) 1) dialog: I know it's embarrassing to get fired after twenty minutes and to live in a beat up Honda Accord, but don't lose faith Pooter. I'll get a great job soon and then a super place for us to live. (starts sobbing) (MORE )
19) 3) dialog: I pinky promise Pooter....pink prius play pattycake pronto.
20) 0) text: Shelley walks in, passing the "Help Wanted" sign in the window.
21) 0) text: Shelley, wearing a sexy sun dress and a nametag, sits on bed. She attempts to assist an OLD COUPLE as they choose mattress.
21) 1) dialog: I used to live with a man your age and he liked his mattress super, super firm. Like this one . You could put a drink on here and it wouldn’t spill. She climbs on and begins jumping up and down. Every time jumps her skirt lifts up showing her underwear.
22) 0) text: As Shelley exits the HELP WANTED sign goes back up in the window.
23) 0) text: The door opens a crack revealing Scott Caan. He looks out a downtrodden Shelley on his door step.
23) 2) dialog: Hey, Scott! Remember how you said you wanted to steal me away from the Mansion? Well, here I am!
23) 4) dialog: (to herself) What book? Behind the closed door we hear the girlfriend yelling.
24) 0) text: Shelley prepares to sleep in her car, still full of all h belongings. Shelley cries, distraught, as she brushes her teeth. She rinses with Diet Coke. She spits her toothpast out the window, then closes it. A moment later, a KNOCK startles her. She rolls the window back down to find a CO holding out a ticket.
24) 2) dialog: But, I was just brushing my teeth --
24) 6) dialog: Would you maybe stop giving me tickets if I told you I'm having a really bad week because I used to be a Playboy Bunny but I got kicked out of the Mansion because I'm fifty-nine years old? at her for a beat.
24) 8) dialog: A what?
24) 10) dialog: Alright...
25) 0) text: Shelley sits forlornly in a cell full of PROSTITUTES.
25) 2) dialog: But I'm not a prostitute. I was just brushing my teeth...
25) 6) dialog: You know, you should go with a more natural look. All that heavy make- up is just hiding your G-d given beauty.
25) 8) dialog: Oh. Then you’re good like that.
26) 0) text: Shelley, make-up smeared, walks down the jail steps. At a newsstand, Shelley sees Playboy magazine on display. She looks at it longingly, and as Shelley wipes away a tear, sees a group of happy, shiny BLONDE COLLEGE GIRLS. They l together the way she used to laugh with the Bunnies. Draw if to the mother-ship, she follows them as they walk down street.
27) 0) text: The girls round a corner. Shelley does as well taking her first steps onto -- 30 31 19.
28) 0) text: A tree-lined street filled with large, stately sorority a fraternity houses. Guys play frisbee. Girls sunbathe on t lawns. Barbecues are underway. Shelley takes this in with wide-eyed wonder.
28) 1) dialog: It’s just like a bunch of little Mansions! She hurries to catch up with the girls, following them to the Phi Mu house -- the biggest and prettiest of them all
29) 2) dialog: Yes. I'd like to live here, please.
29) 5) dialog: This is a school? Where are the desks?
29) 7) dialog: But I really--
30) 3) dialog: If I’m fifty-nine you guys must be two hundred and seventy.
30) 5) dialog: Nothing, do you guys go to school here too? The women stare at her.
30) 7) dialog: That’s so dope. And you live in the houses with the girls?
30) 9) dialog: That’s even dopier. What’s a housemother do?
30) 11) dialog: Oh, my gosh, that’s what I used to do at the mansion. It’s the perfect job for me. Can I be one too? The particularly bitchy PHI MU HOUSEMOTHER, 60, looks her over.
30) 13) dialog: What’s a brothel? Someone who makes soup?...
30) 16) dialog: Awesome! 33 34 22.
31) 0) text: Shelley walks out of Phi Mu, stopping a passing sorority girl.
31) 1) dialog: Excuse me, can you tell me where Zeta is? The girl points to a house down the street. Shelley turns see -- THE ZETA HOUSE. Peeling paint. Dilapidated porch. Brown lawn. Shelley looks disappointed for a moment, then steels her resolve and marches down the street.
32) 0) text: Shelley checks her makeup in a compact mirror, makes sure has nothing in her teeth and walks up to the door and kno As she knocks, the Z in "ZTA" falls off and smashes on he head knocking her to the ground. The door opens and we se Maria, 21, smart-girl type, with a phone in her hand. She sees Shelley laying on the porch and rushes to her side.
32) 2) dialog: I'm so sorry. I broke your Z.
32) 4) dialog: (looking up) At least you still have T and A. Shelley offers a high five. Maria stares at her.
32) 6) dialog: My name is Shelley and I'm here to be your housemother!
32) 8) dialog: Oh, no! Did you hire someone else?
32) 10) dialog: Why are they going to take your house away?
32) 12) dialog: That’s so sad. Why does everyone else get pledges.
32) 14) dialog: I'm an expert at parties and boys! I'm a Bunny! Men write to me from prison! Sometimes in their own blood! Maria frowns.
32) 16) dialog: (blushing) Bless your heart -- no, just a couple of small pictorials. (MORE )
32) 18) dialog: Girls of the Midwest, Girls of Starbucks, Girls of Charlie Sheen. (then) But now I'm homeless.
32) 20) dialog: Wait -- I can help you! Maria shuts the door. Shelley sighs and starts back down walkway. She stops and looks at the guys hanging around P Mu and the other sororities. SHELLEY (CONT’D) So they want to be popular and have boys want them...
34) 0) text: Shelley continues with her poses as guys linger. The Zeta girls all come out of the house to investigate. A HOT GUY a lacrosse shirt approaches Shelley. 26.
34) 2) dialog: I wish.
35) 0) text: The GIRLS of Zeta -- a motley crew of 14 various misfits- sit on ratty couches staring at Shelley as she greets everyone with unbridled enthusiasm.
35) 1) dialog: Oh my gosh, you guys! I'm so happy you want me here! You won’t be sorry! Hey -- let’s have a pillow fight! Shelley grabs a pillow and hits Tanya ( A 21 year old lit person) who rolls hard from the pillow blow into a wall. Shelley gives a whoopsie look. MONA is appalled.
35) 7) dialog: Okay, look -- let’s put a pin in the pillow fight, for now. And don’t get me wrong, I love boys. But I lived in a house full of girls for nine years and I know there is nothing more fun than being with your sisters, sharing, talking all night, body painting, and baking penis cookies. The girls stare at her. CARRIE MAE, 21, a heavy big tooth farm girl in jeans and a sleeveless T-shirt, takes the toothpick out of her mouth.
35) 9) dialog: The Playboy Mansion.
36) 0) text: Maria leads a bewildered Shelley into a small room behind kitchen.
36) 2) dialog: Thank you so much, Maria. I promise you I'm going to help Zeta Tits and Ass become the best sorority ever!
36) 4) dialog: Oh my G-d, I met the King of Greece once at the Mansion! We should invite him to the next party! He's really furry but a super good dancer.
36) 7) dialog: Don’t you have a smelly Russian man who comes and fixes things and hugs you a lot? 39 40 29.
37) 0) text: Shelley walks out of a stall with the plunger stuck to he bare midriff. There is an expression of bewilderment on h face. She looks to Harmony for help.
37) 1) dialog: Are there instructions for this thing? Harmony rolls her eyes, grabs hold of the plunger and sta pulling. It finally breaks free sending her sprawling. Shelley looks at the round mark on her stomach. SHELLEY (CONT’D) Hey, that thing ate my belly ring.
38) 0) text: Shelley is opening and closing the lid of the garbage can Mona walks in and stares at her in disbelief. Shelley tur to her.
38) 1) dialog: This isn’t broken.
38) 3) dialog: What’s the matter with it?
38) 5) dialog: I found the problem.
38) 7) dialog: You’re like the hundredth person who's told me that. Thank you.
39) 0) text: We see a TOPLESS Shelley from behind, walking out of the bathroom, freshly showered. Towel around her head and tow around her waist. As she walks down the hall we see the Zeta’s diving back in their rooms in shock and embarrassm Lilly the shy English girl actually faints. Maria rounds corner, reading a letter.
39) 1) dialog: Afternoon, Maria! Maria looks up and reels back at Shelley's toplessness.
39) 3) dialog: Oh, I just like to air dry.
39) 5) dialog: I’m just walking around in the body g-d and Dr. Silver gave me.
40) 0) text: Shelley, now dressed, sits down on Maria's bed, all busin Maria holds up the letter. 31.
40) 2) dialog: You need 30 pledges? How many did you get last year?
40) 4) dialog: Well, this year, we're going to get lots and lots of pledges! The kind that don't want testicles. Their own, I mean. Shelly laughs really hard at this cute joke. Maria waves letter she was reading.
40) 6) dialog: What's a philacanopee?
40) 8) dialog: I love doing charity. One time at the mansion I even let Gary Coleman grind on me during a slow dance.
40) 10) dialog: (reading) "Host a 'CSI' night. Start a bee- keeping club. Have a Googlefest. B.Y.O.M. Bring your own man?
40) 12) dialog: Oh, wow -- these are super, super good ideas. But we might want to do something a little more -- sexy?
41) 3) dialog: C'mon girls, washing cars is a fun and sexy way to raise money. She undulates with the hose as the girls look on, horrifi Maria implores them.
41) 7) dialog: Hi, boys! One of them is COLBY, 21, smokin' hot. Maria eyes him wit terrified lust.
41) 9) dialog: Do sexy! As the boys near, Shelley milks it even more, putting on act for their benefit. SHELLEY (CONT’D) (continuing) Wash those cars, you sexy bitches!
41) 12) dialog: Uh oh, look -- wet T-shirt. The guys get psyched. Maria picks up a hose and tries to emulate her.
41) 14) dialog: Oopsie. Someone went accident in her sexy pants. 34. Colby averts his gaze and turns back to Shelley.
41) 16) dialog: Well, we are a little thirsty... She drinks suggestively from the hose, then holds it out Colby. SHELLEY (CONT’D) (continuing) Wanna sip?
41) 19) dialog: So, what time should we come over for drinks?
41) 23) dialog: Hi. Do you need a car wash? Oliver looks around to confirm Shelley is talking to him.
41) 25) dialog: Oh. I’m at work right now.
41) 27) dialog: No, I’m the Zeta sorority Housemother. Oliver approaches Shelley.
41) 29) dialog: (excited) Really? You think I’m young?
41) 31) dialog: How sweet. What’s your job?
41) 33) dialog: Oh, it’s so great you give nurses a place to live.
41) 35) dialog: I know lots of old men. Hairy and not hairy.
41) 38) dialog: (looks at flier) Thanks. I’m Shelley. I like long walks and I hate rude people.
42) 0) text: Maria is in the midst of an argument with the other girls Shelley enters from the yard, still in her bikini.
42) 1) dialog: (continuing) You guys, I just had the best idea for our philanthropy. We’re going to volunteer at Oliver’s nursing home.
42) 3) dialog: They guy I just met.
42) 8) dialog: That’s so great! lLet’s get all dressed up and go to a nightclub and have fruity drinks and dirty dance with each other!
42) 10) dialog: We need to bond! We’re sisters! At the Mansion we bonded all the time and everyone loved us and we had lots of friends. And once, a psychic came over and told me that my cat Pooter and I were cousins in a past life which totally makes sense because I can do this -- The girls stare at her.
42) 12) dialog: I don't know. I just like that story.
42) 18) dialog: Come on, who’s with us?
43) 0) text: Hot drunken college kids eye each other, trying to figure who they're going to shag. Bad KARAOKE is going on in the corner as some frat guys sing Guns n' Roses. The Zetas lo bit uncomfortable. A bartender pours them a round of kami shots. Shelley takes one and holds hers up.
43) 1) dialog: To Zeta! Here's to making you the best sorority ever! 39. They all do a shot( Becky goes to but Maria grabs it from her). Shelley spots a guy staring at Mona's facial hardwa in horrified fascination. SHELLEY (CONT’D) (continuing) Mona, that guy's checking you out. Flirt with him! Mona looks over and sidles up to the guy nervously.
43) 4) dialog: Ooh, there's a big box of cutesicles -- Carrie Mae checks him out, then walks over, leaning back the bar in what she thinks is a seductive pose.
43) 7) dialog: We might need to work on your talking to people skills. Ashley, the Phi Mu President, and COURTNEY, another Phi M both perfectly primped, walk past noticing our girls.
43) 9) dialog: Hi! I met you yesterday. I was the homeless girl.
43) 11) dialog: Now I'm their housemom!
43) 20) dialog: But, this is perfect! Boys like singing. It's sexy! Go! Go!
43) 25) dialog: That’s the spirit! They reluctantly get up on stage, looking out shyly at th crowd, as "LIKE A VIRGIN" starts. They squint at the lyri as they flash by on the SCREEN and start singing -- a lit awkward at first.
43) 30) dialog: I don't think that's how it goes... Joanne and Becky continue singing the lyrics, oblivious.
43) 34) dialog: I don't understand what just happened --
43) 41) dialog: (confused) Where you taking it?
43) 46) dialog: She's not a midget -- she's a dwarf. Like in Snow White. A BOUNCER walks up. 46 47
45) 0) text: The Zetas sit around the living room, depressed. Shelley tries to rally them. 48
45) 1) dialog: Don't listen to those girls!
45) 3) dialog: We're not losers!
45) 5) dialog: Do you think I looked like this when I first got to LA? (whispering) I had snaggleteeth. And brown hair! She says this as if it's horrifying. SHELLEY (CONT’D) (continuing) Trust me, I could make you guys way hotter than Phi Mu. Every girl on campus would want to pledge Zeta by the time I was done.
46) 0) text: Shelley holds up a handful of padded water bras to the Ze
46) 1) dialog: This is your most important secret weapon. The water bra. Just stay away from sharp corners. 49 50 51 46.
47) 0) text: All of the girls now practice walking in heels, Shelley demonstrating.
47) 1) dialog: Boobs out, tummy in. Don't look down -- Joanne looks so far up that she topples over backwards. SHELLEY (CONT’D) (continuing) Or up. In her brace, Joanne struggles like a turtle on its back, the other girls try to help her up.
48) 0) text: The girls paint the outside of the house. As Carrie Mae h a new "Z", Mona outlines a skull on the wall. Shelley pai over it with a roller of light blue paint.
49) 0) text: Shelley gives Tonya 15 inch high heel shoes. Tonya puts t on. She smiles. She’s never felt so tall before. She runs over to hug a beaming Shelley and falls immediately. 52 53 54 55 47.
51) 0) text: Mona removes her nose-ring and hands it to Shelley along all of her chin rings, lip rings, eyebrow rings, etc. She runs a metal detector wand over the rest of her. It BEEPS her crotch.
51) 1) dialog: Oh. Go ahead and keep that one.
52) 0) text: Shelley has turned the kitchen table into a makeshift mak counter, complete with illuminated mirror. Mona takes not and the girls observe as she gives Maria make-up lessons.
52) 1) dialog: First, we should highlight your eyes. The eyes are the nipples of the face. Maria and the girls nod, taking in the gospel of Shelley.
53) 0) text: Shelley gives flirting lessons to the girls.
53) 1) dialog: There are three rules to successful flirtation: eye contact, flattery and lots of touching. For example -- She pulls Maria to her feet. SHELLEY (CONT’D) (continuing) Let's pretend Maria is a man. My hand is on his arm, I'm looking into his eyes, I'm wearing deodorant -- Harmony -- and here's what I would say. (to Maria; babytalk) "Oh my gosh, your biceps are huge! Kiss me!" 48. She turns back to the girls. SHELLEY (CONT’D) (continuing) Then he would kiss me. Any questions?
54) 0) text: Shelley picks out some clothes for the girls.
54) 1) dialog: Dressing sexy is all about showing skin in the four major regions -- arms, legs, cleavage and belly.
54) 3) dialog: Okay, maybe we can let someone that doesn't have a giant baby inside of their belly give it a shot.
55) 0) text: The girls all sit in salon chairs, in front of STYLISTS. Shelley sits off to the side. A sign reads “Hair Extensio Final Exam”.
55) 1) dialog: (to the stylists) Long blonde hair. On all of them.
57) 2) dialog: I want all the fraternities to see how hot you are at the same time. So, we're going to take some pictures first.
57) 4) dialog: No, Maria, we're raising money for our phil-an-thro-py. Maria gives her a thumbs-up at the pronunciation as we...
62) 6) dialog: Have you met Carrie Mae? (pulling her over) She's from Arkansas and her turn- ons are BMX racing, foul language and indoor plumbing. Carrie Mae looks at the Sigma Pis. 65 66 52.
64) 7) dialog: Maria, there you are. Bobby and Zach from Kappa Sig are dying to meet you. (to Colby) I'm sorry Colby, but Maria's a very hot commodity. As Shelley steers her off, Maria is taken aback.
64) 9) dialog: Then we need to let him see that you're in demand. Boys like a girl better if they think that other boys want her.
66) 6) dialog: Thanks, Lilly! Lilly smiles then runs away. SHELLEY (CONT’D) (to Mona) That's the same as vapid, right?
67) 0) text: All the girls are getting ready for the night. They are a in front of the mirror putting on make up and helping eac other finish their hair. Checking out their clothes in th mirror etc... Shelley enters dressed like she is going ou a night club. Very short skirt, very tight shirt. All the girls stop what they are doing and stare at her.
67) 1) dialog: How do I look?
67) 3) dialog: That’s so nice thank you. 70 56.
67) 5) dialog: Oh. She turns and leaves as the girls continue on.
68) 0) text: Shelley enters the communal lobby where OLD FOLKS linger various states of boredom and narcolepsy. She sees Oliver
68) 1) dialog: Oliver!
68) 3) dialog: Yup. I’m here to service the old folks and I hope you don’t mind but I brought a few other volunteers with me. Behind Shelley, the rest of the Zetas enter.
68) 9) dialog: Oh, and we brought this.
68) 11) dialog: A lot. And we’re going to need a lot to pay for the party these guys are having tonight. The deejay walks in along with the dance instructor. Harm is pointing out where they should set up. The older folks look excited.
68) 13) dialog: Oh, you'd be surprised at what an old man can do. Oliver smiles, having no idea what she's talking about. Shelley smiles back. So does an older man with no pants o
69) 3) dialog: (hopeful ) I'd love to --
69) 4) text: Are you sure? Because I have no problem letting Francis think I'ma gay- 58. She holds out her hands in a waltz position. He takes her his arms a bit awkwardly. They start waltzing. Oliver and Shelley look into each others eyes. proceeds to step on her foot.
69) 5) dialog: 
69) 9) dialog: ( cheerful) It's all good. Then he He doesn’t want to step on her foot again so he looks dow his feet. As he does this he keeps mouthing “side, one, two... side, one, two”. Maynard and Beatrice dance next t them.
69) 14) dialog: How about anytime. 72 Really? They both look in shimmy dance from
70) 3) text: Shelley and the girls eat cookie dough. Maria is bursting with excitement for Shelley.
70) 5) dialog: I’m so freakin nervous. I haven't been on a real date in nine years.
70) 7) dialog: Hef didn't like us to date. We had a curfew.
70) 9) dialog: (confused) No... these are my real teeth. Besides Oliver isn’t like any guys I know. He’s sweet and kind of shy. A lot of guys at the Mansion would just say what’s the delio and ask if they could show me something purple in the orgy room. There is an awkward silence as the girls digest this bit
70) 12) dialog: Did you do it with him yet. She suggestively moves her eyebrows up and down.
70) 14) dialog: (excited) You're a virgin? That’s so cute. We have to have an Aztec party. We always wanted to have one at the mansion, but we could never find a virgin to sacrifice. Off the girls' puzzled looks. SHELLEY (CONT’D) And it will get us our thirty pledges. The girls all cheer. A QUICK SERIES of mail popping into various computer scre in dorm rooms, the library, computer labs, etc. A female student opens the mail, it’s the Evite from the Zetas. She clicks ‘play’, and on the COMPUTER SCREEN we s the ZETA WEBSITE... We see graphics announcing the Aztec Party with little dancing cartoon girls, each with a real Zeta girl head on it, with Shelley prominently dancing in center... A banner scrolls across the top saying “come se real virgin get sacrificed”. A cartoon Maria is carried o the screen by some cartoon Aztecs. They hold her up while another cartoon cuts her head off. The head falls to the ground and says “See ya Friday” and The video ends, and w
72) 0) text: Maria, wearing a sexy animal-hide costume, is CARRIED thr the party on a platform by some hunky loin-clothed guys. waves to the crowd, happily. Joanne and Shelley walk up.
73) 7) dialog: You were the best virgin I've ever seen.
73) 9) dialog: (clapping with delight) Oh, my gosh! Really? They hug each other delighted with girl joy.
75) 0) text: Shelley and Maria walk up to some FRESHMAN GIRLS.
75) 2) dialog: Got it.
75) 5) dialog: I change my mind all the time! If you're a Zeta, we can do it together. (to Maria) With pudding! Tanya passes by, thrown over the shoulder of one of the loincloth guys. She calls out to Shelley and Maria.
77) 0) text: Oliver and Shelley sit at a table for two. Shelley is dre a bit more conservatively than normal, but still sexy.
77) 1) dialog: (mid conversation) ..-And then it was humid so my hair was bushy like Danny Devito’s wife’s underarms. Shelley thinks she has been rambling so she changes the subject. SHELLEY (CONT’D) But I don’t want to bore you with all that girly stuff. So let’s talk about something else. She smiles. Oliver is not what you would call a player so is a little awkward around Shelley’s none too hidden sexuality.
77) 3) dialog: I’m not sure yet. I just know I won’t listen to what Simon says, he’s so mean. I usually agree with Paula and Randy. Luckily the waiter walks up.
77) 5) dialog: (relieved) Oh yes, Instead of the Mahi Mahi can I just get one Mahi because I’m not that hungry?
77) 8) dialog: Who do think has more nose hair? Donald Trump or Rosie O'Donnell?
77) 10) dialog: Yeah, me neither. Isn’t that weird? Shelley thinks she's losing him so she tries her "in dema tactic. SHELLEY (CONT’D) Well, I hope they don’t take too long with our food, because I have another date at ten.
77) 12) dialog: What's a girl to do when she's in demand? 80 81 68. Oliver frowns, less than impressed. Shelly gives a ‘what a hot girl like me do’ smile but has rye bread roll in he front teeth.
79) 0) text: Shelley and Oliver wait at the valet stand.
79) 2) dialog: Oh. I will. Thanks.
79) 4) dialog: Do you want my number?
79) 6) dialog: (in baby talk voice) Wait -- your biceps are huge! Kiss me! 82 69. He gives her a weird look, waves goodbye and keeps going. Shelley stands there, forlorn. The valet hands her the ke SHELLEY (CONT’D) (continuing) I screwed up, didn't I?
80) 0) text: The girls are all hanging out and they can’t wait to hear details. Shelley enters, bummed out about her date.
80) 2) dialog: Not good. I don't think he likes me. He didn’t even try to do it with me in the mens room.
80) 4) dialog: I could just tell. He didn’t fall for any of my tricks.
80) 6) dialog: What? No...... Really?..... So I have to get smart? Can I even do that? All the girls give her encouraging looks.
81) 0) text: Piles of textbooks on shelves and tables. Shelley emerges with an armful of US magazines.
81) 1) dialog: I usually get all my world news from US Magazine.
81) 3) dialog: Us news and world report? Does it have celebrity pictures and gossip from other countries, too? Maria begrudgingly smiles and opens the paper to a pictur a skinny starving African man with flies on him. SHELLEY (CONT’D) Is that Chris Rock? He’s looking totally manarexic. Maria is baffled.
82) 0) text: Shelley sits next to Tonya in an architecture class. The PROFESSOR flips through SLIDES of different buildings and drones on. Shelley takes all this in as best she can. Pay complete attention. Shelley looks to her left and now doe see Tonya. The camera pans down and we see Tonya curled u asleep under Shelley’s chair like the adorable little per she is. Shelley pets her and keeps on learning.
83) 0) text: Shelley is talking into Lilly’s closet. Lilly pokes her scarf covered head out. Shelley leads her out across the room and out onto the front yard. She looks peaceful and control. The two even start talking about English history From the other side of the yard, the mailman appears and tries to hand her the mail. She freaks out and runs back inside. 86 87 71. INT. MARIA’S ROOM - DAY 86 There is a chart on the wall that says “Intelligent Conversation Topics”. It has headings that say, Literatur Art, History, etc.. Shelley is sitting on the bed. Harmon sitting opposite her pretending to be Oliver(she is dress like a man and wearing a wig).
83) 2) dialog: Well Oliver, I was dripping hot wax on my ta-tas so I could see my tolerance for pain. Maria gives her a dirty look. Shelley reads off of the no card in her hand. SHELLEY (CONT’D) I mean watched the O’Reilly Factor. Maria and Harmony give a ‘that’s better’ look.
84) 0) text: Joanne is standing in front of the mirror. She is holding cute tropical outfit up in front of her. She is wearing h usual clothes that cover her brace. Shelley walks in and stands behind her.
84) 1) dialog: That’s such a cute outfit.
84) 3) dialog: When do you get to take the brace off?
84) 5) dialog: (excitedly) Well it’s a good thing I asked!
84) 7) dialog: You know Joanne, when I was little, I wore a Scooby Doo mask to school for a whole month because I thought I was ugly. Every single day... Then one day a boy, Howard Rebenstock, snuck up from behind me and just tore it off my face. And do you know what I realized?
84) 9) dialog: No, that I’d been wearing it upside down.
84) 11) dialog: I don’t either but you’re a butterfly now,not an earthworm! You don’t need to hide anymore. Joanne looks unsure.
85) 1) dialog: He jogs by here around this time every day. You like him. You want to talk to him. Today is your day. (noticing) Here he comes. The cute guy jogs by the house. Joanne just freezes. SHELLEY (CONT’D) Come on Joanne, say something to him. Spread your wings, butterfly. Joanne goes to say something but she can’t. SHELLEY (CONT’D) He’s getting away! You can do this! You know why? (MORE )
85) 2) text: SHELLEY (CONT’D) Because you’re a smart, beautiful, confident woman. And no matter what, I love you.
85) 4) dialog: One hundred and fifty percent.
85) 6) dialog: Go get him! Joanne takes off running after her guy. We see her legs going, faster and faster.
85) 7) dialog: Run Joanne, run! And then, in SLOW MOTION, her brace starts to break into pieces and fall off her body just like FORREST GUMP. Joan catches the guy and runs along side him.
85) 12) dialog: What? Yes, I guess I am. 89 74.
85) 14) dialog: What’s that thing on your neck?
85) 16) dialog: A mole? It looks more like a pUppy-
85) 18) dialog: Boy, someone needs a smoothie with an extra vita boost.
86) 0) text: Shelley, in a boxy cardigan, a denim knee-length skirt an clogs looks in the mirror. She is wearing no makeup and h hair is pulled back. She is dismayed.
86) 1) dialog: But, you can't even tell I have boobs!
86) 3) dialog: I do trust you. 90 75.
86) 6) dialog: Okay, so I shouldn’t stand on my head. Maria laughs. So does Shelley but she doesn’t know why.
87) 6) dialog: Oh, hello Oliver. We're discussing global warming. An area of particular interest to me. Perhaps if it's of interest to you, we could go get a cup of coffee and talk about it? Oliver takes in the new Shelley.
87) 8) dialog: I'm free for the entire evening. (to Francis) Sorry Francis can we continue this discussion later?
88) 0) text: Shelley and Oliver drink their coffee. Shelley has taken Maria's glasses.
88) 2) dialog: And there's some bad people in the Middle East who are doing some bad things, too, and I don’t think that’s right.
88) 4) dialog: The girls have it delivered right to the house. Every morning. 77.
88) 6) dialog: They're my new family.
88) 8) dialog: Unfortunately, they didn’t want me around anymore.
88) 10) dialog: When I was little, one of my foster moms had a coffee cup that said, "Life is a shit sandwich, but you don't have to take a bite." And I've tried to live by those words ever since.
88) 12) dialog: So, what did your mom's coffee cup say?
88) 14) dialog: Well, at least she had a hobby.
88) 20) dialog: Oh, it's okay -- I'm sure whichever -- "bimbo" -- was in that issue is really pleased that you remember her. He leaves.
88) 22) dialog: Yeah, those girls are all boobs and no brains. I like to think of myself as all brains and medium boobs. Oliver smiles; Shelley forces a smile through her disappointment.
89) 0) text: Shelley enters, shutting the door behind her. Maria and t other girls look over from the living room.
89) 5) dialog: (defeated) Uh, no.
89) 7) dialog: It just... isn’t going to work out.
89) 9) dialog: (frozen smile) Yeah...
91) 0) text: It’s empty. Hef enters, sits and looks at the screen. He gets a puzzled look on his face. We see THE SCREEN. Marvi has put the ZETA WEBSITE up. Next to a banner that says ‘click here for our Aztec Party Photos’ is a cartoon body a girl with SHELLEY’S HEAD on it. Hef’s face brightens.
93) 0) text: Shelley picks up the phone.
93) 1) dialog: Hello?
93) 3) dialog: Hef?
93) 5) dialog: I can’t believe I’m hearing your voice. I’ve totally missed you and I’m so sorry for whatever I did.
93) 7) dialog: Yeah. Marvin gave me the birthday card you wrote...
95) 0) text: Shelley on phone, much happier.
95) 2) dialog: Oh my g-d! Hef, that is so awesome. I can’t believe it!.
95) 4) dialog: I’m so sorry Hef. I love you, but I can’t do it. I just can’t. I’ve started a new family and I’m gonna stay here with them.
97) 0) text: Shelley hangs up the phone and starts back to the living room. Just as she reaches the door she hears Mona talking and stops. INT. ZETA LIVING ROOM —- CONTINUOUS 101
98) 0) text: Shelley. Shocked. Hurt. A tear. She quickly runs back to her room unnoticed. INT. ZETA LIVING ROOM —- CONTINUOUS 103
99) 0) text: Shelley is gone.
100) 0) text: Shelley sits in her car. Crying. Writing a letter. She looks at the picture of Pooter hanging from her rearview mirror.
100) 1) dialog: I can’t be myself with Oliver, and I tried to turn the girls into something they don’t want to be. (MORE )
100) 3) dialog: Well Pooter, I guess all I am is just a dumb bunny.
101) 0) text: Shelley's car pulls up. She gets out and approaches the f door. She takes out an envelope, we see the name ‘Oliver’ it. She drops it through the mail slot and heads back to car and drives off. INT. SHELLEY’S CAR 107 Shelley drives the windy Sunset Boulevard. Her cellphone rings, she answers.
101) 1) dialog: Hello?
101) 3) dialog: I’m moving back to the mansion. Hef called last night and said he wanted me to be the March centerfold.
101) 5) dialog: Yeah, it’s what I always wanted. So....
101) 7) dialog: Yeah, I guess they are. You guys have a great rush, I’m sure you’ll get a million new pledges. Tell everyone I said goodbye. Shelley hangs up. Maria is confused, something doesn’t se right... 108 109 88.
103) 0) text: Shelley pulls in to a hero’s welcome. She is almost enjoy it. We see Cassandra walking down the driveway with Marvi carrying her luggage.
104) 0) text: Oliver opens a letter. Its the one Shelley was writing. W hear his voice reading it over the rest of the montage.
106) 0) text: The cat jumps into Shelley’s arms. Shelley smiles and hol the cat up to her face for a kiss. Then with an even bigg smile on her face, walks over and places the cat inside t dog fence. The dogs start chasing her all around.
109) 0) text: Shelley is ready for bed, talking to Marvin.
109) 1) dialog: .--. and that’s when I overheard the girls talking about me. I thought they’d be better off without me so... here I am.
109) 3) dialog: I guess not. And you know what really sucks is for the first time in my life, I really felt like people liked me for what I had to say. I was even going to sign up for some night classes next semester so I could come up with even smarter things to say to people but I guess that would be stupid now. This hits Marvin. 90. SHELLEY (CONT’D) Anyway, good night Marvin. It’s great to talk to you again.
113) 0) text: Shelley is looking at old party photos on the wall. She i about to be part of history. She pauses at one for a beat longer than the rest.
113) 1) dialog: (shaking her head) Nah. No way. The Playboy EDITOR appears behind her. He pulls out a cha for her. 92.
113) 4) dialog: Well my ambition was to be a centerfold.
113) 6) dialog: Yeah...I guess so.
113) 8) dialog: Eating cookie dough with my best friend Maria... who secretly hates me. He takes notes.
113) 11) dialog: (wistful) Someone who's kind and sweet to old people. A bad dancer. And guys whose first name begins with 0.
113) 13) dialog: Cauliflower, global warming, and misogyny.
118) 0) text: Shelley is getting ready to shoot her centerfold. She has chosen the library as her setting. She is posing next to of the bookshelves with a cart full of books. She is not nude but she is very skimpily dressed. There is a person a fog machine and a person with a wind machine. Everyone bustling around. Shelley looks distracted. 96.
118) 2) dialog: (coughing) Why would there be fog in a library?
118) 5) dialog: (excited for the first time) Maria! What are you doing here? They run to each other and hug. While Maria and Shelley a talking, various hair, make-up people and clothing stylis work on Shelley like a Nascar pit crew. Going as far as flossing her teeth.
118) 7) dialog: How do you know about that?
118) 9) dialog: What bird? Maria and Marvin react, Marvin walks over and stands righ next to Maria. 125 97.
118) 11) dialog: But I heard what you guys said about. Everyone thinks I ruined Zeta. Mona said I turned you all into a bunch of dumb bunnies. OUCH! One of the pit crew has plucked an unwanted hair from Shelley’s butt with a pair of tweezers and holds it up proudly. SHELLEY (CONT’D) Could I have five minutes guys. Everyone walks away as Shelley puts on a robe and leads M to a different room.
119) 2) dialog: Really?
119) 4) dialog: Oh my G-d, I have to thank Marvin. And where’s that big bird, I’d like to thank it, too.
119) 6) dialog: (breaking the hug) So what happened with rush?
119) 8) dialog: So the house is gone?
119) 10) dialog: Maybe someone else does.
119) 17) dialog: Not so fast. I have one piece of business that I think everyone will want to see, before you get to your piece.
119) 19) dialog: I couldn’t have said it better myself. The crowd...huh, what? Carrie Mae gets the guy running th projector in a headlock and Mona drops in the slide. It i picture of Hef from Woodstock. He is standing next to a v muddy, very naked, very hairy hippy. On closer examinatio see that it is a young Mrs. Hagstrom and she is grabbing Hef’s crotch. The crowd bursts into heated conversation. 100. SHELLEY (CONT’D) Are these the type of values we would like to promote Mrs. Hagstrom?
119) 21) dialog: Then I guess there must be two people who have a freaky mole on their neck that looks like a puppy. Mona drops another slide in and we see that it is a close of the mole on the hippy’s neck. Mrs. Hagstrom covers her neck and starts to stutter.
120) 2) dialog: Hef and Marvin get a lot of the credit, too.
120) 4) dialog: Well, not perfectly. Real perfection would be me and Oliver together right now. But that can never be cause I moved to Peru and only left him a note.
120) 6) dialog: I know that but he doesn’t. Shelley walks towards the kitchen a little dejected.
121) 0) text: As Shelley enters she sees Oliver standing under a banner that says “Welcome Back from Peru Shelley”. He is holding bouquet of flowers. Shelley shyly walks over to him. All girls enter now.
121) 1) dialog: How did you know I was back from Peru?
121) 3) dialog: I got to meet this freakin bird and take him to dinner or something.
121) 5) dialog: (to Maria) This is what it must feel like to have a best friend. (MORE )
121) 7) dialog: (to Oliver) Now I have to admit something to you. I didn’t go to Peru.
121) 9) dialog: Also, I was in Playboy.
121) 11) dialog: So... you’ll be my boyfriend?
121) 13) dialog: Actually I left before we did the photo shoot. But if you have a camera I can be your personal private centerfold.
121) 16) dialog: Marvin, what are you doing here?
121) 18) dialog: Marvin, I guess all I can say is... welcome to my new family!
121) 20) dialog: Disposal. Right. I think the garbage disposal is broken. After you fix that we’ll take some mangoritas on the front porch.