7) 3) dialog: (in backseat) He's gone, cuz. HENRY, late-30s, is twisted in the front seat, looking ou the back windshield.
7) 5) dialog: He's gone, cuz. He's gone.
7) 8) dialog: It ain't just about you. (CONTINUED)
7) 12) dialog: It ain't just about what's worth it to you.
7) 17) dialog: And there's the thing, right there. I told you this would happen. You can't go anywhere without your brother and I very almost got my head blown off because of him because he can't handle himself. Archie in the backseat, sweating and agitated. ARCHIE (CONT’D) If he could handle himself, we wouldn't be in this situation. But so then now look what happens to him, And I can't be feeling responsible for that. If he was a man who could look after himself, he'd be accepting his fate right now. Henry is suddenly enraged. He twists, swinging and grabbi backseat.
7) 24) dialog: You heard me, And you know it too. If he was a man, he wouldn't be crying about it and you wouldn't be crying about it coz he'd be accepting his fate right now. Henry drills Archie angrily.
7) 26) dialog: I just did, cuz. I said it twice,
7) 28) dialog: If I said it again, I'd say it the exact same way and that'd be three times I said it. Stop your fuckin crying. Henry makes a big lunge at Archie who has squirmed into t corner of the backseat. Henry's knee goes straight into C kidneys. Caleb recoils in pain. He loses control of the c
11) 0) text: Archie climbs in the back seat. Henry jumps in the passenger seat and pulls the door shut as Eric appears beside it. Eric bangs on the window, hollering.
13) 0) text: Henry, Caleb and Archie ride oblivious to Eric's fast app They don't talk. They are shaken and exhausted. The radio reception is crackly bad. Broken unintelligible CB radio
13) 4) dialog: That's the Commodore.
13) 9) dialog: It's the Commodore.
13) 11) dialog: It's our Commodore. It's the one we were in. Archie squints through the back windshield. ARCHIE (CONT‘D) It is, cuz. It's the Commodore. It’s bashed in like when we left it back there.
14) 2) dialog: It's the guy. It's the guy who was all slapping on the window when we took off in this, Henry glances in his side mirror.
15) 0) text: Caleb and Archie are frantic as the Commodore comes withi centimetres of brushing the Falcon's back bumper. Archie jumps as the Commodore surges.
15) 1) dialog: Jesus. Caleb is struggling with the wheel, glancing back and for the rearview and the road ahead.
17) 0) text: In the backseat, Archie checks his handgun and then leans window with it.
19) 0) text: Archie fires again. Caleb is searching his rearview, obse Commodore's retreat,
19) 2) dialog: He ain't givin' up. He's holding it there. Through the back windshield they can see the Commodore ho steady, keeping pace a hundred metres behind them.
24) 1) text: Archie's still craning his neck around, looking out the b windshield.
24) 2) dialog: He's not goin' nowhere. He's just gonna keep following us. Caleb looks down at the fuel gauge. It‘s not far from emp
26) 0) text: Caleb and Archie both crane around to look out the back windshield. Henry adjusts the stationary Falcon's rearview mirror. He the Commodore idle, dusty in the distance.
28) 0) text: Caleb and Archie watch through the back windshield, Henry rearview,
28) 1) dialog: He's movin',
30) 1) dialog: This guy doesn't wanna be alive no more.
31) 0) text: Henry climbs out of the Falcon and stands beside it, watc inch closer. A few moments later, Archie climbs out too. Caleb stays i watching through the windshield, The Commodore stops about twenty metres away. Henry can barely see Eric inside through its filthy winds they are staring each other down nonetheless.
32) 13) dialog: You must really love this Falcon, cuz. Eric ignores Archie, moving towards Henry, their eyes loc other. Henry is deeply unsettled. Eric carries a dangerou to-lose air. Archie points his handgun at the back panel of the Falcon
32) 14) dialog: How'd it be if I put holes in it? Eric wheels around and grabs Archie by the throat with on gan hand with the other, slamming him against the car. Henry flips the shotgun around and clubs Eric over the ba head with its butt, Eric's forehead smacks straight into Archie's face. Eric the road, out cold, Archie buckles over, moaning, clutching his face and catc breath. Caleb stands at the driver's door. Henry steps over to Eric and pokes him with the shotgun's then flips him over onto his back with his boot,
96) 0) text: Eric leads Caleb and Archie into the living room at gunpo Caleb's in boxer shorts, Archie in underpants.
98) 0) text: Eric strains to see into the bedroom while keeping an eye and Archie.
100) 2) dialog: I gotta piss real bad.
102) 0) text: At the sound of the blast from the other room, Eric makes decision. He shoots Caleb and Archie quick~fire - CRACK CRACK - str their foreheads with his handgun. They die instantly. Eric then moves quickly across the room and stands, back wall, outside Henry's bedroom. Reynolds has fallen backwards, half out the doorway into He lies face-up, head trauma, dead near Eric's feet. A GUN BLAST cracks, splintering wood from the door frame Eric's head. Eric hits the floor, expecting a new barrage. It doesn't come. And then, Henry's handgun clatters onto the hall floor. H thrown it out. Eric stands. He proceeds warily to the bedroom door. He c around the corner, gun raised, He enters the room.