7) 2) dialog: (driving) We can't turn around.
7) 6) dialog: What is it we're s'posed to do? We can't go back. What are we s'posed to do?
7) 14) dialog: I'd have to accept it.
7) 16) dialog: ave to accept my fate. I'd have to. ave to accept my fate like a man,
7) 19) dialog: (struggling with the wheel) Fuckin sit down. (CONTINUED)
9) 1) dialog: Is anyone dead? Henry and Archie cough negative. Henry starts crawling ou window that points to the sky.
13) 0) text: Henry, Caleb and Archie ride oblivious to Eric's fast app They don't talk. They are shaken and exhausted. The radio reception is crackly bad. Broken unintelligible CB radio
13) 3) dialog: What's he doing? Archie turns in his seat to look out through the back win Henry sits dark and stoney-faced, staring ahead.
13) 5) dialog: What? (CONTINUED)
13) 10) dialog: What do you mean it's the Commodore?
14) 0) text: Caleb is seriously concerned. The Commodore is dangerousl behind them.
14) 1) dialog: Who's in it? Archie strains to see through the filthy windshield and h
14) 4) dialog: What? And he wants it back now?
15) 0) text: Caleb and Archie are frantic as the Commodore comes withi centimetres of brushing the Falcon's back bumper. Archie jumps as the Commodore surges.
15) 2) dialog: What the fuck is this guy's situation? What's going on? Henry is strangely calm, eyes fixed on the road ahead.
16) 0) text: Eric brings the Commodore up level with Caleb at the whee through the open passenger window.
16) 2) dialog: You fuckin nut! Caleb pulls a handgun from the front of his pants and poi straight across at Eric. Eric hits the brake and slips back a few feet.
18) 0) text: Caleb resettles the wheel.
18) 1) dialog: Let me know you're gonna do that before you do that. Archie fires again.
19) 0) text: Archie fires again. Caleb is searching his rearview, obse Commodore's retreat,
19) 1) dialog: Is he giving up?
21) 0) text: Caleb continues checking the rearview. The radio's still the reception's getting worse. Henry switches it off.
21) 1) dialog: What's he doing?
24) 0) text: Caleb's looking in his rearview. Henry sits contemplative straight ahead. He seems mournful.
24) 3) dialog: He's got more fuel than we do. He knows it. Caleb checks the rearview again, then looks straight ahea thinking.
24) 9) dialog: What?
24) 11) dialog: What do you mean you wanna see him?
26) 0) text: Caleb and Archie both crane around to look out the back windshield. Henry adjusts the stationary Falcon's rearview mirror. He the Commodore idle, dusty in the distance.
28) 0) text: Caleb and Archie watch through the back windshield, Henry rearview,
30) 2) dialog: Doesn't seem like he does. Archie checks his handgun. They watch the Commodore's slo until it's only a rock throw behind them. And then Henry, his eyes having not left the rearview mir reaches for the door's handle and opens it.
31) 0) text: Henry climbs out of the Falcon and stands beside it, watc inch closer. A few moments later, Archie climbs out too. Caleb stays i watching through the windshield, The Commodore stops about twenty metres away. Henry can barely see Eric inside through its filthy winds they are staring each other down nonetheless.
94) 6) dialog: Fuckin - Archie wakes. Eric raises the handgun directly at him.
94) 8) dialog: Who the fuck ~ Short and sharp, Eric clocks Caleb on the forehead with t his gun.
96) 0) text: Eric leads Caleb and Archie into the living room at gunpo Caleb's in boxer shorts, Archie in underpants.
102) 0) text: At the sound of the blast from the other room, Eric makes decision. He shoots Caleb and Archie quick~fire - CRACK CRACK - str their foreheads with his handgun. They die instantly. Eric then moves quickly across the room and stands, back wall, outside Henry's bedroom. Reynolds has fallen backwards, half out the doorway into He lies face-up, head trauma, dead near Eric's feet. A GUN BLAST cracks, splintering wood from the door frame Eric's head. Eric hits the floor, expecting a new barrage. It doesn't come. And then, Henry's handgun clatters onto the hall floor. H thrown it out. Eric stands. He proceeds warily to the bedroom door. He c around the corner, gun raised, He enters the room.