0) 0) text: A STILL IMAGE/PHOTOGRAPH of a man, ERIC, 44 years old, si country hill under a lone tree beside a brown dog. They both look happy.
0) 1) dialog: I can't say I even know what the world is anymore. I don’t know what happened to it. I don't even know where it is now, I don't know where its centre is, if it even has a centre... All I know is that its dirty people have crawled out here somehow. I don't know why. I don't really care anymore anyway. And that's all I'm gonna say about it.
1) 0) text: Eric sits at the wheel of his parked car. He's not happy photo. Some kind of ennui. He stares ahead, lost in thoug something. Outside the car is all searing light and blank Australian landscape. He stares ahead listlessly a while, then opens the car do climbs out.
2) 0) text: Eric heads over to a scrappy roadside diner. The diner ha dirty sign out front in Khmer/Cambodian script. The walk is blinding. The surrounding area is desolate. T stands alone, a dirty nowhere stop on a stretch of traffi road. Eric wears an old button-down shirt with sleeves rolled o length shorts and dirty trainers. He is wiry thin. He has cropped hair and a goatee ruling over a three day growth.
3) 0) text: Eric steps into the dark and musty diner. A Cambodian pop on the stereo. It's really unnecessarily loud. (CONTINUED)
4) 0) text: Eric cups his hands into a bucket of water beside a dirty has long ago had its faucets removed. He drenches his fac brushes his teeth roughly with his finger and rinses his one cupped handful from the bucket. He spits the water in sink. He dries his face with his shirt sleeve and looks at hims mirror. His self-examination is strangely detached. Somet broken. Something dark and hard.
5) 0) text: Eric walks back through the diner. The Cambodians watch h but calm, Bric meets their eyes. The air is inhospitable lethargic. Eric takes a seat at the counter. He reaches over and hel to a tall glass of green tea from a big chrome thermos. He sits here, in the din of pop music, sipping his tea. He sits with his back to a big picture window behind him onto the desert and empty road out front of the diner. And then, barely audible over the stereo, a CAR comes car across frame, outside, across the window behind him. It's a huge and ferocious CRASH. One of the Cambodian guys stands. The sleeping guy stays the bench, The standing guy moves towards the door, not s saw. The other one follows, they exchange a few words in Eric turns slowly to look out the window, not concerned e move, not really knowing what he heard, if he heard anyth Eric stays put, dust still settling through the window be He reaches over the bar and turns the stereo off. The roo silence, Eric doesn't register concern until he hears the sound of Falcon's engine starting.
5) 3) text: Eric rushes out the front door. Dust hangs in the air. Someone is already behind the wheel of his car ~ another stagger from the wreck of the rolled car and head for the Eric runs for his car, reaching it just as the passenger shut. He slaps on the windows as the Falcon screeches awa Eric is left standing, breathing dust. He starts running road after them.
7) 0) text: Three men in a-roaring Commodore. They're frantic. They're American with Southern accents.
11) 0) text: Archie climbs in the back seat. Henry jumps in the passenger seat and pulls the door shut as Eric appears beside it. Eric bangs on the window, hollering.
12) 0) text: The Falcon tears away, leaving Eric stumbling and showere dust. Eric runs after it, out onto the road, and chases on foot futile metres. He stops in the middle of the road, frantic. He looks aro back towards the diner. The Cambodian onlookers stand useless in the sun. Eric runs back towards the diner. He runs round behind the rolled Commodore, still on its s heaves against its roof, rocking it, until it lurches bac right way up. Its roof is half caved in at the back. Eric wrenches the door open and climbs behind the wheel. (CONTINUED)
13) 0) text: Henry, Caleb and Archie ride oblivious to Eric's fast app They don't talk. They are shaken and exhausted. The radio reception is crackly bad. Broken unintelligible CB radio
16) 0) text: Eric brings the Commodore up level with Caleb at the whee through the open passenger window.
16) 1) dialog: Pull over! Caleb can't believe the temerity of this guy. He yells ba his open window.
20) 0) text: Eric holds it steady. He checks the Commodore's fuel gaug half-full. He can afford to be patient.
23) 0) text: Eric keeps his eyes glued on his Falcon on the road ahead
31) 0) text: Henry climbs out of the Falcon and stands beside it, watc inch closer. A few moments later, Archie climbs out too. Caleb stays i watching through the windshield, The Commodore stops about twenty metres away. Henry can barely see Eric inside through its filthy winds they are staring each other down nonetheless.
32) 0) text: Eric climbs out of the Commodore and stands beside it a m men watch each other. Henry lets the shotgun hang loose b Eric walks slow towards them.
32) 2) dialog: I want my car back.
32) 5) dialog: I want it back.
32) 7) dialog: I don't care who you are. I want my car back. If you don't give it to me now, I'm gonna get back in that Commodore and I'm gonna stay on you til you do.
32) 9) dialog: Nothing makes me think that. I'd welcome it. Eric watches Henry a moment, It's a strange, long moment. Henry uncomfortable. Eric takes steps closer again. (CONTINUED)
33) 0) text: The sun is high and hot. Glare and rippling air. From a distance we see a tree. And from the tree a figure its feet. Eric wakes. He has been tied round the ankles and hung fr of the dying tree. He struggles groggy, disoriented. He looks filthy and sun After a moment, collecting himself, he looks up at his ro shackles. He heaves himself up to inspect them. He manage the branch and hang, bent hard at the waist. It's awkward exhausting. He lets the branch go and jerks back upside d swaying. Big black birds loiter coldly. Some stare. Others preen, disinterested. They can wait. Eric heaves himself up again, hanging by one hand, pickin rope with the other. But the rope is tight and heavy. He the strength to loosen it. (CONTINUED)
38) 0) text: Eric's Commodore limps into the same gas station and pull metres away from Reynolds’ cop car. Eric notes it warily. He gets out, looking again to the cop car with its driver ajar. He sees the blood pooled in the driver's seat. He h the gas station door.
39) 0) text: Eric steps inside. A little bell rings as the door opens. station is dusty and dark. Store shelves are mainly empty bits and pieces on them are faded and filthy. Eric walks the length of one of the shelves. He rounds th find an OLD GUY with tattoos on his knuckles standing beh counter pointing a pump-action shotgun straight at him. Eric stops.
39) 6) dialog: I'm looking for a black Falcon. With three people in it.
39) 8) dialog: They needed gas.
39) 10) dialog: Did you see it?
39) 15) dialog: The Falcon, Did it drive past here?
40) 0) text: Eric steps out into the heat. He looks up and down the st deserted, A hundred metres down he can see the two-storey Hanging G Hotel. An old 19th century building with an iron balcony. The ground floor door to its public bar is open. A shirtl tattooed man stands outside on the pavement, pissing into street. Eric starts walking towards him. The pissing man concentrates on his stream of piss, then see Eric approaching from across the street. Eric walks, the man pisses. They watch each other. The guy zips his pants. He spits in the gutter where he p then casually heads back inside the hotel.
41) 0) text: Eric walks through the door to the public bar. Inside, about ten guys mill around at the bar, at tables, sleep against a wall. Most seem to have busted teeth and It's a weird crowd. A couple of lithe Chinese teenagers d shirts and tracksuit pants with their hair in Imperial Ch plaits play backgammon with a midget. Every now and then the Chinese boys let out a squealing, laugh. It breaks the lethargic silence in the hotel, stra chilling. (CONTINUED )
41) 4) dialog: I'm looking for a black Falcon with three people in it. The boy looks at Eric like he hasn't heard him speak.
41) 5) dialog: Have you seen it? The boy shakes his head 'no'. He does it slow, somewhere timid and coquettish. The boy watches Eric. Eric watches him right back.
41) 6) dialog: Has anyone else seen it?
41) 8) dialog: Who would know?
41) 10) dialog: Where's grandma?
41) 17) dialog: I'm looking for my car. It's a black Falcon with three men in it. Did it come through here? The woman only glances up before returning to the click o knitting needles.
41) 18) dialog: Have you seen it? She addresses Eric like she would a little kid lost in a mall.
41) 20) dialog: Have you seen it?
41) 22) dialog: Have you seen it? The woman looks up at Eric.
41) 29) dialog: I need to buy a gun.
41) 31) dialog: You're carrying yourself like you know I don't have one. The woman examines him a moment. Her needles continue the click.
41) 33) dialog: Do you know where I can buy myself a gun?
41) 40) dialog: I need to speak to you. The acrobat whispers again in his brother's ear.
41) 42) dialog: I need a gun.
42) 0) text: The midget leads Eric out the back door of the hotel. The is full of broken stuff and dog shit. Two angry dogs holler and choke themselves on their chain midget picks up a rock and pelts it at them. The dogs bark more. The midget pelts another rock, Eric w this. Eric and the midget cross this yard and through a wire ga dry nothingness behind the hotel where a collection of bu trucks and caravans are parked. ‘Jacobson Brothers Circus stencilled on the sides of some with Chinese-character tr underneath. The midget sweats and mumbles to himself, barely intellig (CONTINUED )
43) 0) text: The midget shuts the caravan door behind Eric and speaks him for the first time.
43) 2) dialog: I need a gun. The midget turns back to Eric.
43) 4) dialog: I don't want it. I need it.
43) 6) dialog: I heard you. (CONTINUED)
43) 14) dialog: I don't have three hundred US.
43) 16) dialog: Can you do this one for less?
44) 0) text: Eric steps off the caravan steps, pulling the door closed him. He winds his way back towards the hotel ~- between the tr the dead cow, through the wire gate, past the angry dogs hotel's back door.
45) 0) text: Eric walks back through the hotel straight for the stairs them. At the top, the woman is still sitting and knitting. Eric moves straight to her. When he's standing over her, the gun from his belt and points it at her face. She looks up.
45) 1) dialog: I'm looking for a black Falcon. Have you seen it? The woman looks at him a long moment. She doesn't seem ev unsettled. She looks at him gently. She continues knittin needles continue their click-click.
45) 3) dialog: Answer my question.
45) 5) dialog: Answer my question, I'm not gonna say it again,
45) 12) dialog: What did they say? She pauses, matches his stare. Her eyes are gentle,
46) 0) text: Eric steps back out onto the blinding street and makes th to the gas station and his car.
47) 0) text: Eric arrives back at his busted car. The cop car is still door still open. Eric pulls his keys from his pocket. He drops them. He be them up. CLICK. A gun is cocked at his head. Reynolds stands bloody and hunched behind him. He's in pa practically delirious.
47) 2) dialog: Why do you want to know?
47) 4) dialog: Who's your brother?
47) 10) dialog: Who's your brother? Where is he? Reynolds coughs. He struggles for breath.
47) 11) dialog: Where's your brother!?
47) 13) dialog: Where's he gone?
47) 15) dialog: Where's he gone? Tell me or I kill you now.
47) 17) dialog: Tell me where he's gone. REYNOLDS. I know where he's gone.
47) 18) dialog: Where! ? Reynolds spits.
48) 0) text: Eric bursts into the store holding his gun. He heads arou shelves to the counter. Rounding the corner to the counter, a BLAST rips from the shotgun, smashing shelves, blowing shit everywhere. (CONTINUED)
48) 1) text: Eric recoils behind the shelves.
48) 2) dialog: I need a doctor.
48) 4) dialog: I need a doctor. Is there a doctor around here?
48) 6) dialog: I need to find a doctor.
48) 8) dialog: Is there a doctor somewhere else? Somewhere out of town?
48) 10) dialog: Help me, old man.
48) 16) dialog: Please.
48) 18) dialog: Please, old man.
48) 21) dialog: I need a doctor.
48) 24) dialog: You take Australian dollars?
49) 0) text: Eric drives, steady but urgent. He looks over to Reynolds who is quietly clutching his gu his own private pain.
49) 2) dialog: Tell me where your brother is.
49) 4) dialog: Tell me where he is. There's a good chance you're gonna die soon so tell me now.
50) 0) text: It's dark now. Eric steers the car slowly along a winding heading up into the hills. (CONTINUED)
51) 0) text: Eric stands beside the Commodore and pulls his T-shirt do ever his belt, properly concealing his pistol. He walks away from the car, leaving the door open. In the the car, we can see Reynolds curled up in the jacket. Eric walks warily towards the house, looking around him, inspecting the house as he approaches. When he is only metres from the front steps, a security l switches on automatically. (CONTINUED)
51) 5) dialog: This man needs help.
51) 14) dialog: What?
51) 17) dialog: He needs help.
52) 5) dialog: You're a Buddhist.
52) 7) dialog: That makes you a Buddhist. Doc Just because I like something doesn't mean I am that thing.
52) 9) dialog: That's exactly what it means. What's a Buddhist doing pointing a gun at me? She looks at him. He's suddenly more interesting than she thought.
52) 11) dialog: What makes you think you don't still need to? Why did you give me my gun back? She ignores this for a moment, concentrating on the mess her.
52) 13) text: Eric is forced to think momentarily about his 'character' don't leave Doc.
52) 14) dialog: You think you can know who I am by looking in my eyes?
52) 19) dialog: And what is it you think you know? boc That you came here for help and nothing else. She wipes her nose with the back of her sleeve.
52) 22) dialog: I met him in the street.
52) 23) dialog: How much do you want for this? Doc I don't want your money. Money's not what I think about when I can see someone's in a bad way. She concentrates a moment.
52) 25) dialog: How do you know how to do this? Doc I know how to do a lot of things. I've taught myself how to do a lot of different things. Eric watches her. He stands. She watches him. He leaves the room. She and Mickey watch him go.
53) 0) text: Eric emerges from the bathroom and walks the hall to the While Doc works on Reynolds, Eric roams her house. The lo relaxed. Dark. Old Asian furniture.
54) 0) text: Eric wanders into a dark room and flicks on the fluoresce The room is stacked floor to ceiling with cages. Dogs in Different breeds. They don’t make sound. Where normal dog crazy barking with the arrival of a stranger, these dogs shut down. Eric noticeably shifts, softens in their presence. He sit chair. He scans the cages. His eyes begin to well. He drops his face into his hands. boc I have to keep them locked up in here for the most part coz there's people out there who'll take them for food. There's hungry people around here. Have you got a television? Eric turns, startled. Doc stands in the doorway. She has the front of her apron. He turns back to face the dogs, to hide his face from Doc doesn't sit comfortably. (CONTINUED )
54) 5) dialog: No.
54) 8) dialog: Things feel hard right now. Doc watches him close. boc Things always change. (CONTINUED)
54) 12) dialog: When can we get out of here? BoC He's gonna sleep for a bit.
54) 15) dialog: Why have you done this for him? She stops. boc I don't know. I don't like what it would mean if I didn't. She continues out of the room, leaving Eric standing alon
55) 0) text: Eric is asleep in an armchair, wrapped in a too-small bla Sun filters into the room. It feels dark and cool in the
55) 6) dialog: What are you doing?
55) 8) dialog: 
56) 0) text: The day outside is already bleached and hot. Eric goes to veranda railing and looks out over paddocks to the densel hills and valleys beyond. Doc is at the nearest back fence, feeding a horse from a talking to Mickey. Eric watches her. She strokes the horse's head, then leav bucket and heads back to the house. As she approaches, she looks up to see Eric watching her.
57) 0) text: Reynolds sits shirtless in a chair by the dining table wh inspects his bandages. Eric stands nearby, looking out the window. boc (to Reynolds) Lift your arm for me. Can you lift it? Reynolds lifts his arm, wincing only slightly with pain.
57) 8) dialog: We need to get going.
57) 10) dialog: We're leaving.
57) 12) dialog: What's that sound mean? boc A car's coming up the drive.
57) 13) dialog: What car?
57) 15) dialog: Who knows we're up here? Doc / I haven't told anyone. i (CONTINUED )
57) 19) dialog: We need to leave. Eric hurriedly starts grabbing his things - jacket, shoes
57) 21) dialog: How long have we got? Doc helps Reynolds put his T-shirt back on, boc A minute maybe. I should go talk to them.
57) 22) dialog: If it's who I think it is, they won't be here to talk. boc Who is it? Eric checks the mag of his handgun.
57) 24) dialog: Circus freaks. Where's your rifle?
57) 26) dialog: (to Reynolds) Where's your gun?
57) 33) dialog: No. Through the window, Eric can see the first of the cars ap heading up the drive. It's a white Hi-Ace minivan with tw inside, the Chinese acrobats. It's followed soon after by a small white utility truck w driver. And then Eric sees Mickey heading across the front ground greet the new arrivals. Doc appears behind him with the rifle.
57) 35) dialog: Move away from the window. Doc stumbles back into the centre of the room, shaken and confused. Eric rests the rifle on the sill.
57) 48) dialog: Call the police, They'll deal with the bodies. Tell them whatever you need to tell them. Square your ledger. They won't bother with me, but it'll make you feel better. Doc sits, wrecked, breathing shallow, looking at him with contempt.
57) 49) dialog: I didn't mean for this happen. It just followed me here.
57) 51) dialog: Get up.
58) 0) text: Eric and Reynolds in the Commodore. The now serene and menacing hills loom behind them as Eri car back out onto the sealed road.
59) 0) text: It's dusk. The sun barely clings to the horizon. Eric loo behind his sunglasses. He's pressing on. They’re back in country. The wind tears through the broken passenger window. (CONTINUED)
59) 4) dialog: I don't know. They sit in silence.
60) 0) text: The sun has just dropped, but the sky hums vaguely purple Eric cruises the Commodore past an old motel on a back st town.
60) 2) dialog: Wait here. Eric gets out of the car and heads back around the front motel to the reception office. He looks around cautiously walks. Reynolds watches him from inside the car.
61) 0) text: Eric enters the motel reception. It's empty. And then a little Aboriginal kid enters from a back room. Eric suspiciously. The room is dank and dimly lit with a low-watt fluorescen
61) 1) dialog: I need a room.
61) 5) dialog: How much?
61) 7) dialog: You take Australian?
61) 14) dialog: Where are we here? Eric stuffs his money roll back in his pocket.
61) 16) dialog: What town are we in?
61) 18) dialog: Where is it? Show me on the map. Eric points to the map on the wall. The kid clambers up o armchair underneath it.
62) 0) text: The door unlocks. Eric opens it and holds it open. Reynol the room. Eric stands at the door, scouring the street outside. Reynolds lowers himself onto one of the two single beds i wincing slightly with pain, as Eric closes the door and l
62) 1) dialog: You're gonna start talking to me.
62) 7) dialog: Don't fuckin 'what' me. You're gonna talk. Now.
62) 9) dialog: I don't care what you think you already told me. You're gonna talk. And you're gonna do it now.
62) 11) dialog: Where are we? Reynolds' face contorts in pain.
62) 13) dialog: Where are we?
62) 15) dialog: Where are we?
62) 17) dialog: I don't know either. So how are we gonna find out how to get to where we're going if you don't know where you are and I don't know where where we're going is? Eric holds Reynolds against the wall.
62) 18) dialog: Can you answer that? (CONTINUED )
62) 24) dialog: Do you even understand what I just said, half-wit? Eric stares hard and close into Reynolds' eyes.
62) 25) dialog: No. You don't. Eric releases him. Reynolds crumples to the ground, holdi side. Eric stands over him, watching.
62) 26) dialog: I need to eat. Then we're sleeping a few hours and we're going again. And somewhere between now and then, you're gonna start talking to me or I'm gonna slit your throat. Do you understand that? Reynolds stares at the floor. Eric kicks his feet. ERIC (CONT’D) I asked you a fuckin question. Reynolds nods, still staring at the floor.
62) 43) dialog: Who are you?
62) 45) dialog: Who are you? Why are you here?
62) 47) dialog: Why's your brother in Carloon?
62) 49) dialog: Why are you here and your brother's in Carloon? Reynolds appears like he hasn't thought to ask himself th already. Or it's something he hasn't wanted to think abou
62) 51) dialog: Why was he in a big hurry?
62) 53) dialog: Why did have to get away from the police? Reynolds looks around the empty shop. Talking about his b making him anxious.
62) 62) dialog: Why did he have to get away from the police?
62) 64) dialog: Whatever it was he did, you got left behind to die while he was doing it. Eric watches Reynolds. Reynolds can't meet his eyes.
62) 66) dialog: How did it happen then?
62) 69) dialog: So take a look at the harm you've come to and where's Henry?
62) 71) dialog: You believe that.
62) 73) dialog: He's not waiting for you. (CONTINUED)
62) 79) dialog: He's not waiting for you. Eric stares cold and empty at Reynolds. ERIC (CONT’D) You need to learn how to live. God's not gonna teach you. Your mum and dad won't teach you. Your brother's not gonna teach you that. Just coz he and you came out of the same woman's hole doesn't mean anything. The only thing that means anything is that I'm here with you now and he's not. (pause) The sooner you learn that, the sooner you learn what it is about people that makes them tick — and that it's not you that makes them tick - the sooner you learn that about people, the better off you'll be. You understand that? You need to learn how to live... Otherwise you're gonna die real soon, Reynolds has his head bowed.
62) 80) dialog: Your brother left you to rot. That's what people do. Reynolds offers no response. Eric watches intensely for o surprised at his own feelings - what began as dismissive here has started to boil. Reynolds continues staring at his plate, giving nothing b
62) 81) dialog: You don't realise that, your death is gonna come to you real soon. Eric stands. He's angry. He steps over the bench they sit his spoon down on the table and exits. Reynolds is left sitting in the dank eat-house, trying hi feign stoicism. He sits in this position a while. Then he resumes eating
63) 0) text: Eric lies on his bed, in jeans and no shirt, asleep. Sun streams into the room through half~open venetians. His eyes open, And then he sits up, startled. Reynolds is curled asleep in the next bed, under the cove
63) 1) dialog: Wake up. Eric gets off the bed and pulls his T-shirt on.
63) 2) dialog: C'mon. Get up. We gotta go. Eric goes to the water bucket in the bathroom. It's pract empty. He tips it over his face. He re-enters the room. Reynolds stirs.
63) 3) dialog: Get up. Eric takes his gun from under his pillow and sticks it in of his pants. He moves to the end of Reynolds’ bed and pulls the covers Reynolds is fully clothed and curled up.
63) 4) dialog: I'm gonna get us some water. When I get back you need to be ready to leave. Reynolds rubs his eyes.
63) 5) dialog: You hear me? We can't stay here. Reynolds nods.
64) 0) text: Erie steps into the scorching daylight, squinting. He let adjust and then walks past other rooms that appear to be no cars parked outside them, no sign of life. Eric heads round behind the motel to where the Commodore
65) 0) text: Eric stands, eyes wired, ears pricked. The hand pump besi trickles water over the upturned bottles. He pulls the gun from his pants and makes his way cautiou the sound.
67) 0) text: Eric rounds the side of a building onto the road, a hundr from the motel. He looks down the street to see the cop, crouched beside his car, slotting shotgun cartridges into action. The cop raises the shotgun and blasts in the direction of (CONTINUED)
67) 4) dialog: (yells) It's me!
67) 6) dialog: (yells) Stop shooting! Eric continues his walk, picking up the pace. He reaches the door to the room.
68) 0) text: Eric opens the door. Reynolds is cowered under the window, in a mess of broken splintered wood. He is crying. He looks up at Eric like a scared and crazy kid.
68) 2) dialog: We gotta go. Eric starts gathering his things together. He pulls blank beds. Reynolds watches him do it. Eric drags him roughly up off the ground by his shirt.
68) 3) dialog: (impatient) Let's go. Get up.
69) 0) text: Eric and Reynolds approach the Commodore - a distraught R couple of feet behind Eric, carrying his stuff in his dir bag. They wrench open the car's doors and climb inside. Eric fires the engine and reverses hard back around the m its car park. He then slams into gear and drives out onto the street, l carnage behind in the heat.
71) 0) text: Hot. Dusty. Dry. Wind races through the broken passenger window. Reynolds buffeted by it. Eric watches the road from behind his shades. He stays looking straight ahead, unreadable, as they head the hills that loom heavy.
72) 0) text: Eric stands on the rim of a long abandoned giant open~cut It's a gigantic tiered pit of scorched ground and devasta hundreds of metres deep and stretching for miles, earth g raped and left for dead. Eric stares across it to the horizon, expressionless behi sunglasses. Reynolds heads back towards the car, zipping his fly and his hands on his shirt. Eric continues his gaze a few moments longer then turns b the car,
73) 0) text: The Commodore pulls into a roadside fuel station in a tow more than three buildings. Hardly a town at all - more a people huddled together for survival. The station is two pumps and a concrete shack with barred windows. Eric pulls the Commodore up beside one of the pumps. He gets out. Eric heads for the shack. He leans in to the slot in the heavily fortified main win barely see inside. It's dark and dirty.
73) 1) dialog: Hello?
73) 3) dialog: Fifty.
73) 5) dialog: Fifty Australian.
73) 7) dialog: I'm out of US.
73) 9) dialog: What's wrong with Australian money?
73) 11) dialog: It's paper. It's worthless. (CONTINUED)
73) 18) dialog: It's a piece of fuckin paper.
74) 0) text: Sunset. Peach and purple sky. Eric sits, poking a new fire with a stick. Reynolds sits by the fire. He picks his nose and flicks t into the scrub.
74) 3) dialog: Why would he still be there?
74) 5) dialog: You know this? Or this is what he told you?
74) 11) dialog: You should be clear now your brother isn't someone you can trust. Reynolds doesn't respond. Eric has re~kindled in him the felt the night before. Reynolds sits in silence, staring fire.
74) 12) dialog: So is it something you know or is it just something he said? Pause. Reynolds in an attempt at defiance ~
74) 14) dialog: No.
74) 16) dialog: I was a farmer. He turns back to the fire.
74) 17) dialog: And now I'm here.
74) 24) dialog: You shouldn't.
74) 26) dialog: You shouldn't stop thinking about him.. You should never stop thinking about a life you've taken. It's the price you pay for taking it. Eric stares into the flames, then pulls his blanket over lies back. He stares into the sky a moment, then closes his eyes, le Reynolds to think what he needs to think.
75) 0) text: Dawn. Reynolds sits up on the dirt beside the remains of extinguished fire. He rubs his eyes. His hair's a mess. Eric sleeps. Reynolds stands. He looks down at Eric and then around in bush. He lifts his blanket off the dirt, quietly, gently, creeps off into the scrub. Eric sleeps.
77) 0) text: Eric lies serene. Insect noise. A bird squawks somewhere distance. And then the barrel of a high-powered automatic rifle app his head. His eyes open.
79) 0) text: Eric is in the back of a police vehicle as it passes thro gates of a police complex. One guard at the gate with a loose slung M-4 watches him pass, then follows the car to the compound.
81) 0) text: Eric stands before an eye-reading machine having his eyeb scanned. The interior of this building, this office, feel around the edges. A once modern institutional police buil without maintenance, but which still has the functioning modern technology. And it feels quiet. It would once have been moving with c administrative employees, people - but now it's being run handful of stretched and anxious guys, only two or three. remaining fragments of governmental order. The cop swabs the inside of Eric's mouth. He takes the mo swab to the counter and plastic-bags it.
81) 3) dialog: What do you want me to say?
81) 5) dialog: I know that.
81) 7) dialog: Do you know it too?
81) 9) dialog: Do you know it's over for you too? The cop looks across coldly at Eric.
81) 16) dialog: Whatever you think is over for me was over a long time ago. I'm asking you about you. Do you know it's over for you too?
81) 18) dialog: No. A threat means there's somewhere left to go. Eric looks at him, expressionless.
81) 19) dialog: I murdered my wife... I followed her to a man's house and I watched him put his fingers inside her and so I killed them both and no one ever came after me. Ten years ago. Eric watches the cop for a reaction. He doesn't get one.
81) 20) dialog: That hurt me. I never had to explain myself. I never had to lie to anyone. I never had to confess to anyone. I didn't need to run and hide. I buried them in a hole and I went home. Ten years ago. And no one came after me. And that hurt me more than having my heart broken - was knowing it didn't matter, Knowing you can do something like that and no one comes after you. You can do a thing like I did and it should really mean something, but it doesn't. It just doesn't matter anymore... That's what hurt me.
81) 22) dialog: What are you going to do with me?
81) 24) dialog: Why? (CONTINUED)
81) 28) dialog: Why don't you just shoot me?
81) 30) dialog: Then why don't you do it? That's what everyone else is doing. cop 1 Because us sending you to Sydney tells Sydney there's some reason to keep paying us what they pay us. If we just shot every idiot we wanted to shoot, then pretty soon they'd start wondering what the fuck we're doing out here. I personally don't care what happens to you. I don't care if you get to Sydney and get let off or bribe your way out or whatever happens there these days. I don't give a fuck. I'm doing this for me.
81) 31) dialog: You're doing what for you? The cop ignores him, He's said too much already.
81) 32) dialog: You're doing what for you? What is this job you do?
81) 33) text: Silence. Eric watches the cop.
81) 34) dialog: Do you think when cavemen were rubbing sticks together, or the Romans were building their monuments to themselves, they had a sense that everything was moving forward, everything was improving?... Because I remember having that feeling once, It's just a feeling of possibility, you know what I mean? It's a feeling of something like future... That's a powerful feeling. Do you know what I'm talking about?
81) 35) text: Eric leaves a space for the cop to answer, but then doesn notice or care when he doesn't. (CONTINUED )
81) 40) text: Eric thinks about this a moment, his eyes stay pinned and on the cop.
81) 41) dialog: I tried that. He thinks some more. Then -
81) 42) dialog: Do you have kids? The cop ignores him. His blood is beginning to quietly bo
81) 44) dialog: I'm guessing you do.
81) 45) text: The cop looks like he's ready hurt Eric. And then they hear GUNSHOTS coming from somewhere else in building, Their ears prick. The cop goes for his gun which is on his utility belt, dr chair across the room. Before he can remove it from its holster, Reynolds stumbl shoots the cop dead.
84) 0) text: Eric and Reynolds stand beside the car, parked by the sid road behind a small clump of trees. It's late afternoon. The sun is low in the sky. Reynolds points to a small house perched on a gentle hill the distance.
84) 2) dialog: Are they alone up there?
84) 4) dialog: You know all this. Reynolds looks straight ahead. Defiant.
84) 11) dialog: We're gonna find somewhere to pitch down. It's better we go up there at dawn. There'll be less trouble at dawn. Eric climbs back behind the wheel of the Commodore. Reynolds stays looking up at the house, at his brother, a future - whatever it is. Eric watches Reynolds, like he knows what he's thinking.
86) 0) text: Eric is already lying on his side by a small dwindling fi back to Reynolds. Reynolds sits at the fire. He looks around for a stick wi finds one, pokes the fire with it.
86) 7) dialog: Go to sleep. Reynolds stares into the fire a while longer, thinking. He then lies down and shuts his eyes. Eric lies still, eyes open. And then they shut.
87) 0) text: The sky is pre-dawn purple. Reynolds kicks dirt on the dead, smoking fire. Eric ties his shoelaces. They carry their meagre supplies to the Commodore and dum the back seat. Neither speak.
88) 1) text: The sun begins to rise and the sky pinkens. Eric drives. Reynolds sits beside him, wearing his big specs. Both watch the road ahead in silence.
91) 0) text: Eric pulls the Commodore to a stop a good hundred metres house. He kills the engine.
92) 0) text: Eric looks ahead to his Falcon and the house. A big beaut HORSE is tethered to its front porch. Eric looks over at Reynolds beside him, fiddling with his seems nervous, lost in his own world. Eric opens his door.
93) 0) text: Eric and Reynolds climb out of the car. Eric looks over to Reynolds across the Commodore's roof a ‘shhh’. He quietly presses his door shut. Reynolds does t Eric checks his handgun's safety and shoves it down the f pants. He then starts towards the house. Reynolds follows close behind, clutching his handgun. They make the long walk towards the house, their feet cru anxiously in the dirt. Between them and the house sits Eric's Falcon, some fifty from the front porch. They approach it. Eric runs his hand along its bonnet. He the driver's door and looks inside. The keys are hanging from the ignition, Eric quietly opens the car door. He stops and looks over Reynolds, a few yards behind him. Reynolds watches him back, suddenly confused. Eric walks back to meet him. Reynolds is in a state of quiet panic. (CONTINUED)
93) 8) dialog: (whispering) I'm leaving. Reynolds pulls Eric's hand away. He's quiet, but still no enough.
93) 10) dialog: I got what I came for. Eric turns and heads back to the Falcon. He climbs behind the wheel.
93) 12) dialog: (to himself) Goddammit. (CONTINUED)
94) 0) text: Eric steps out of the car and walks quickly after Reynold into a half-jog every few steps. He pulls his pistol from He makes a hissing noise to catch Reynolds' attention. Reynolds turns. He stops and smiles. Eric holds his finger up - no talking. They walk the last few feet towards the front porch toget Reynolds is in front. As Eric passes the big horse tied t veranda post, he looks into its black doleful eyes. Every to be moving in slow motion. Up on the front porch, Reynolds reaches for the handle to door. Eric grabs his shoulder and pulls him back. He hand-motio both to head round the side of the house. Eric leads the way, treading quickly but quietly. They round the corner and come upon a venetian window. Eric halts Reynolds and then darts his head for a look in room, Eric motions to Reynolds that they must duck and proceed window's sill. They do so. They round the next corner to the rear of the house. Eric stops Reynolds at the back door, motions for him to Eric creeps over to a back window and glances inside. He He glances again, double-checking, then retreats to the b He hand-signals to Reynolds: two in the side room, two in room. He points to himself and then the back room, then t and then the side room ~ ‘I'll take the back, you take th He leans in close to Reynolds.
94) 1) dialog: (whispers) No shooting. Bring them into the living room. Understand? (CONTINUED)
94) 7) dialog: (quietly) Don't move and don't talk.
94) 9) dialog: (to Caleb) What'd I just say about not talking? (to Archie) You, Throw the blanket off. Archie throws his bed covers down. He's wearing underpant (CONTINUED)
94) 16) dialog: (to Caleb) Now you. Raise your head off the pillow. Slow. Caleb lifts himself up slowly. Eric reaches behind his head and pulls the pillow away. A piss underneath it. Eric reaches down and sweeps the hand It CLATTERS on the floor.
96) 0) text: Eric leads Caleb and Archie into the living room at gunpo Caleb's in boxer shorts, Archie in underpants.
96) 1) dialog: sit. Both men know not to speak. They sit. Eric wonders where the hell Reynolds is. He peers out tow other bedroom.
96) 2) dialog: Sit on your hands. Caleb and Archie sit on their hands. Eric takes a few steps back for a better view into Henry' He can just make out the edge of Reynolds’ back in the do
96) 3) dialog: {to Reynolds) What's going on in there?
98) 0) text: Eric strains to see into the bedroom while keeping an eye and Archie.
98) 1) dialog: Get him out here. Stick the gun in his face.
99) 4) dialog: What's going on?
100) 0) text: Eric's getting anxious. This isn't how this situation was to play.
100) 1) dialog: (yells) What's going on in there? Archie shifts in his seat.
100) 3) dialog: Don't you fuckin move.
102) 0) text: At the sound of the blast from the other room, Eric makes decision. He shoots Caleb and Archie quick~fire - CRACK CRACK - str their foreheads with his handgun. They die instantly. Eric then moves quickly across the room and stands, back wall, outside Henry's bedroom. Reynolds has fallen backwards, half out the doorway into He lies face-up, head trauma, dead near Eric's feet. A GUN BLAST cracks, splintering wood from the door frame Eric's head. Eric hits the floor, expecting a new barrage. It doesn't come. And then, Henry's handgun clatters onto the hall floor. H thrown it out. Eric stands. He proceeds warily to the bedroom door. He c around the corner, gun raised, He enters the room.
103) 9) dialog: I didn't do anything. Henry is getting enraged.
104) 0) text: He starts the engine. The car growls to life and purrs. He sits a moment and then puts it in gear. The car moves off. Eric looks wounded at the battered wreck of the Commodore passes.
105) 0) text: Eric drives, alone and drained. He drives a long way. Landscapes change. He passes through decrepit towns. He passes a wrecked car lying on its roof in the desert b A body lies decomposing beside it.
106) 0) text: The sun is close to setting. Eric has been driving all da He takes the Falcon up a gentle grassy hill. The hill is treeless bar one ancient eucalypt perched on
107) 0) text: Eric steers the car up the hill. This is the tree and the hill from the opening still imag under which Eric once sat happy.