41) 19) dialog: What's your name?
41) 21) dialog: What's your name, baby?
41) 23) dialog: Do you want to sleep with a boy? There's a boy downstairs you can sleep with. She turns her arm to show Eric the soft white skin on the her forearm which she strokes with her finger. It's not a stroke. It's perfunctory and cold. (CONTINUED )
41) 28) dialog: He's smooth like this part of your arm.
41) 30) dialog: You carry yourself like a man who already has a gun.
41) 32) dialog: You have one, you don't have one, makes no difference to me, sweetheart. I don't know anything about guns. She turns her attention back out the window, conversation finished. Eric takes the awkward cue to head back to the stairs. As down them to the public bar of the hotel, he can hear the squealing giggle of the lithe Chinese acrobats. He heads to the boy behind the bar.
41) 34) dialog: I think the midget with the Chinaboys there has things. They sells things. He moves straight over to the table where the acrobats pl backgammon with the tattooed midget. The boys share a chair, sitting squashed together. One wh conspiratorially in the other's ear. It's the midget's turn. He rolls the dice. The acrobat wh his brother's ear.
45) 2) dialog: What's your name? I want to know your name.
45) 4) dialog: Answer mine.
45) 6) dialog: OK, I'11 call you 'my baby'. My baby. I saw a Falcon and it had three men in it and it did what most cars do. It came in one direction and left in the other. I can't tell you any more than that. The only detail I can give you is the detail that pertains to this place. I can tell you what they drank. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
45) 11) dialog: I can tell you what they smelled like. I can tell you how long they stayed. I can tell you what they said, if they said anything and if I heard what it is they said. But that's about all I can tell you.
45) 13) dialog: They didn't say anything. They didn't stop here. She holds Eric's eyes, as if the gun he holds is invisibl struggles inside. The woman speaks tender. Eric stands catatonic, gun point
45) 14) dialog: You must really love that car, darling. She holds out her knitting for her own inspection. It's a sized striped sweater. Eric holds the gun on her. He's lo
45) 15) dialog: of all the things in this day and age to get worked up about. She looks him in the eye again.
45) 16) dialog: What is it about that car you love so much? Eric doesn't answer. There's something about this woman h intimidating, hypnotic.
45) 17) dialog: Can you tell me? Eric watches her, unmoving. She softens further.
45) 18) dialog: What's your name, sweetheart? Eric takes a step closer, holding the gun on her, its bar inches from her face. She casually, slowly palms it away. (CONTINUED )
45) 24) dialog: Don't be silly. Now you're just being rude. Eric slips the gun into his belt. He turns and heads back hall towards the stairs. He walks down the stairs. He walks back through the public bar to the front door, o the people watching him leave.