7) 1) dialog: (in passenger seat) Turn the fuckin car around.
7) 4) dialog: He was still moving, goddamit. I could see him still moving.
7) 7) dialog: This money ain't fuckin worth it to me to leave him there.
7) 11) dialog: Turn the fuckin car around.
7) 13) dialog: (to Caleb) What if it was you lying there? What if we done it to you?
7) 15) dialog: God damn it. Don't lie. Don't fuckin lie.
7) 18) dialog: Say that again. Archie squirms out of Henry's reach in the backseat. Henr Caleb behind the wheel. The car swerves on the road.
7) 25) dialog: Say that again.
7) 27) dialog: Say it again!
10) 0) text: Henry pulls himself up out of the car, balancing precario doors. (CONTINUED)
10) 5) dialog: Pass me the bag. A dirty blue bag appears through the window hole. Henry s over his shoulder, then jumps down off the car, leaving A heave himself out of the wreck. They jump down onto the dirt as Caleb fires the Falcon's It roars to life. Henry and Archie hobble over to it.
11) 0) text: Archie climbs in the back seat. Henry jumps in the passenger seat and pulls the door shut as Eric appears beside it. Eric bangs on the window, hollering.
13) 0) text: Henry, Caleb and Archie ride oblivious to Eric's fast app They don't talk. They are shaken and exhausted. The radio reception is crackly bad. Broken unintelligible CB radio
14) 3) dialog: We're in his car.
14) 5) dialog: That's what it looks like.
21) 0) text: Caleb continues checking the rearview. The radio's still the reception's getting worse. Henry switches it off.
21) 2) dialog: He wants his car back. Henry is calm, almost admiring of Eric's tenacity.
24) 0) text: Caleb's looking in his rearview. Henry sits contemplative straight ahead. He seems mournful.
24) 8) dialog: Stop the car.
24) 10) dialog: I wanna see him.
24) 12) dialog: Stop the car. Caleb presses the brakes.
26) 0) text: Caleb and Archie both crane around to look out the back windshield. Henry adjusts the stationary Falcon's rearview mirror. He the Commodore idle, dusty in the distance.
28) 0) text: Caleb and Archie watch through the back windshield, Henry rearview,
30) 0) text: Henry watches the rearview. The Commodore moves closer.
31) 0) text: Henry climbs out of the Falcon and stands beside it, watc inch closer. A few moments later, Archie climbs out too. Caleb stays i watching through the windshield, The Commodore stops about twenty metres away. Henry can barely see Eric inside through its filthy winds they are staring each other down nonetheless.
32) 0) text: Eric climbs out of the Commodore and stands beside it a m men watch each other. Henry lets the shotgun hang loose b Eric walks slow towards them.
32) 1) dialog: What's going on with you, brother? Eric doesn't respond. He keeps walking until he's only a away.
32) 3) dialog: I can see that. They stand staring each other down for a moment.
32) 4) dialog: You ain't gettin' it back. Eric takes a few steps closer.
32) 6) dialog: Yeah, I heard you. And I'm bettin’ you heard me too.
32) 8) dialog: What makes you think I won't kill you here?
95) 0) text: Reynolds is startled by the SOUND from the other bedroom. He stands timidly in the room, his gun pointed at the sle figures of Henry in one bed and an old man, GORDON, in an
95) 4) dialog: (groggy) Rey?
95) 6) dialog: What the fuck?
95) 14) dialog: What are you doing here? Gordon grunts awake in his bed.
95) 16) dialog: What are you doing? Stop pointing that thing at me.
97) 0) text: Reynolds gets anxious with Henry, who sits defiantly in b (CONTINUED)
97) 8) dialog: Who's in there? Reynolds turns to yell out the door.
99) 0) text: Reynolds turns back to Henry who is now holding a handgun and pointing it at him. Gordon is sitting on the edge of the bed, his slippers on detached and uninterested.
99) 1) dialog: Put the gun down, Rey.
99) 3) dialog: Put it down, Rey. I'm warning you, Why are you doing this?
99) 6) dialog: Leave you where?
99) 12) dialog: We thought you was dead.
99) 14) dialog: I thought you was dead. Now put the gun down!
101) 2) dialog: I am your brother. Now put the fuckin gun down.
101) 4) dialog: Put the fuckin gun down, Rey!
101) 11) dialog: If you don't put it down now, I'm gonna shoot you. I ain't lyin'.
102) 0) text: At the sound of the blast from the other room, Eric makes decision. He shoots Caleb and Archie quick~fire - CRACK CRACK - str their foreheads with his handgun. They die instantly. Eric then moves quickly across the room and stands, back wall, outside Henry's bedroom. Reynolds has fallen backwards, half out the doorway into He lies face-up, head trauma, dead near Eric's feet. A GUN BLAST cracks, splintering wood from the door frame Eric's head. Eric hits the floor, expecting a new barrage. It doesn't come. And then, Henry's handgun clatters onto the hall floor. H thrown it out. Eric stands. He proceeds warily to the bedroom door. He c around the corner, gun raised, He enters the room.
103) 0) text: Henry is still sitting on the bed, looking at the corpse brother. He's crying and angry. (CONTINUED)
103) 5) dialog: What did you do to my brother? Eric flinches.
103) 6) dialog: What did you do to my brother?! Eric doesn't know what to say. Henry gets angrier.
103) 7) dialog: What did you do to my fuckin brother!? Eric stands, speechless, gun raised. What did he do to th brother? Did he do anything?
103) 8) dialog: Answer me. What did you do to him?!
103) 10) dialog: Yeah, you did. He lifts himself out of bed. He moves towards Bric.
103) 11) dialog: What did you do to him!? Eric squeezes the trigger, shooting Henry in the chest. Henry drops with a thud of old mattress springs back onto then silence. Eric remains calm, but his head is swimming. Henry lies with his head against the headboard ~ either d seconds from it - staring back at Eric. Eric swings the gun over to Gordon, sitting on the edge o now looking straight at Eric. The two men watch each othe moment. Gordon is somewhere else. (CONTINUED )