12) 0) text: JERRY MASUCCI, a bearded Italian plays nervously with the gold chains around his neck....ready to strangle himself with them.
12) 1) dialog: It's not his fault...it's yours...and you're my fault. But this is the last time he does this. He points his finger at RALPH, a stocky mulatto skinned balding man. Rican and slick. Ralph's on the phone. He listens, hangs up.
38) 0) text: (The same FANIA OFFICE we've seen before, but now in bett days.) JERRY MASUCCI, bearded Italian, forties, fiddles with his gold neck chains and looks at his watch repeatedly. A biz meeting, Hector is being signed etc.
38) 1) dialog: We have big plans for you and Willie. But something else has to be decided on...he notices the seriousness of their faces. Like some crisis that has to dealt with soon, before it gets any worst. Hector is a li lost right now.
38) 2) dialog: Starting with a record followed by a tour. Now, do you have a lawyer?
38) 7) dialog: (keeping his professional composure) Now, there is one more thing, and we all gave this a lot of thought...
56) 0) text: MORE FLASHES. The room is filled with REPORTERS and PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS interviewing Hector, DRESSED IN A SHARP WHI SUIT AND COOL PRESCRIPTION SHADES, and Willie, DRESSED IN ALL BLACK. Both hold GOLD RECORDS in their hands. Jerry, Johnny, and Ralph, big smiles, stand behind them. SUDDENLY THEY FADE from the room...and we are in same room present time, with Puchi. 42.
64) 0) text: FELIZ NAVIDAD! The whole room is filled with friends. Willie, Johnny Pacheco, Ralphy, Jerry, Priscilla, Papo, e Everyone richer; everyone slicker. A big Puerto-Rican fea on a long table, in the middle of a SUPERFLY fashion blas On the walls: Leroy Neiman 'salsa' renditions of Hector a other Spanish icons. We peek. It's all candid. Real life. Everyone is singing the same 'plena'. Tonight, Famous Latin musician Yomo Toro does the honors playing the little 'cuatro' guitar...bringing into snowy York all the heart and soul Jibaro music. We see Tito, no a happy six years old boy singing along, helping mom out. We also notice a small little poodle wearing a jibaro cou hat, a 'pava'...running around...into Hector's arms. Puch savors every bit of it. This was a great happy time, nothing would ever be the sa THE MUSIC FADES OUT. THE IRIS CHACON SHOW IS ON TV... the wild Puerto Rican vedette camping it up, during her f TV days.
114) 0) text: Jerry, Ralphy and a bunch of other suit and tie guys stop watching, turn to their unpleasant faces and start gettin to public relation damage control...basically.
114) 1) dialog: They'll think it's a joke...people will continue doing drugs and we will stop selling records. He's the bad boy of salsa...the only one left...no one will believe this shit! To Ralphy. 84.
114) 2) dialog: I say nix it...let's keep Hector as we know him, Okay? It's like those born again people.. Makes a 'who believes them or cares' face.
114) 3) dialog: It'll hurt you and it'll hurt us. Ralph turns to the suits. ( could one of them be the drug