35) 4) dialog: (broad smile) Not at all, man. Como esta, my name is Johnny Pacheco from...
35) 6) dialog: I've been hearing a lot about you we've checked you out. You're good man, you're really good. Willie studies Hector, sipping his drink, pretending to b unimpressed. 24.
35) 13) dialog: (dramatically) Do you guys believe in destiny? He leans into the table, motioning them to do the same.
35) 14) dialog: (almost whispering) Well I do. I believe destiny has brought us to this club, to this very table tonight. (beat) I believe that you two guys have been destined to perform together. I believe that together, you will take this town by storm. He looks from Willie to Hector.
35) 15) dialog: You both have what the other one needs. The younger ones shake their heads at that. 25.
35) 16) dialog: Sound good? Hector smiles at the sound of that...
38) 4) dialog: Have him go over these contracts. Johnny passes the contracts over to Hector They look on with intrigue as Hector appears to be carefu going over the documents himself.
53) 1) text: The streets are filled with the magic of the music and al of the sudden the sidewalks are turned into pieces of San Juan, Mayaguez, Bayamon or wherever you came from...peopl dancing and cooking and laughing and feeling more togethe than they had...a Puerto Rican RENAISSANCE in Manhattan. Dancing in the streets...and on the bandstand, some of th most handsome and fun young singers of the day; Ismael Miranda, Willie Colon and Hector...in his pink glasses an wide hats...and Johnny Pacheco, the band leader supreme. The song Hector's singing is "PUERTO RICO". A gem of a so almost an anthem to Puerto Rico. If there was ever one moment that galvanized a broken up community, it was NOW. The after sixties- seventies. NOW you weren't afraid of being what you where...and you said loud: Puerto Rican and Proud! The seeds of a NUROYICAN NATION, if there was ever one. Puchi notices as Hector leaves the stage. LATER... Nighttime. Same neighborhood, different circumstances. HECTOR SCORES. Ends up in some filthy little stairway wit some of his FANS...and lots of dope. A post wedding conce celebration, riding the glorious first year of a secret h habit.
56) 0) text: MORE FLASHES. The room is filled with REPORTERS and PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS interviewing Hector, DRESSED IN A SHARP WHI SUIT AND COOL PRESCRIPTION SHADES, and Willie, DRESSED IN ALL BLACK. Both hold GOLD RECORDS in their hands. Jerry, Johnny, and Ralph, big smiles, stand behind them. SUDDENLY THEY FADE from the room...and we are in same room present time, with Puchi. 42.
64) 0) text: FELIZ NAVIDAD! The whole room is filled with friends. Willie, Johnny Pacheco, Ralphy, Jerry, Priscilla, Papo, e Everyone richer; everyone slicker. A big Puerto-Rican fea on a long table, in the middle of a SUPERFLY fashion blas On the walls: Leroy Neiman 'salsa' renditions of Hector a other Spanish icons. We peek. It's all candid. Real life. Everyone is singing the same 'plena'. Tonight, Famous Latin musician Yomo Toro does the honors playing the little 'cuatro' guitar...bringing into snowy York all the heart and soul Jibaro music. We see Tito, no a happy six years old boy singing along, helping mom out. We also notice a small little poodle wearing a jibaro cou hat, a 'pava'...running around...into Hector's arms. Puch savors every bit of it. This was a great happy time, nothing would ever be the sa THE MUSIC FADES OUT. THE IRIS CHACON SHOW IS ON TV... the wild Puerto Rican vedette camping it up, during her f TV days.