24) 19) dialog: (to Hector) Ladies First...
24) 21) dialog: (to Puchi) You smoke in front of me and I'll kill you. .. (to Hector) do you?
44) 0) text: Small time drug dealing up and down the block. Hector, is wearing a semi superfly suit and hat. 33. They sit on Papo's stoop sharing a joint. A RUNNER strolls over and hands a BROWN PAPER BAG to Papo Hector nods and grins widely. Papo turns into a reefer- street- corner philosopher and lays it out...as stoned an as real and believes it himself.
44) 2) dialog: (stoned wise) You are. To the other island...Riker's Island...where you'll go, even if you claim it was 'self defense'. Now Hector is lost in the street philosophy jive...but sl it becomes clear...and so does his predicament.
44) 3) dialog: Puchi's a tough woman, man. I could'a killed her myself a couple of times...but, hey...I'm her brother'...so let me give a little advise; ‘don't fuck with her unless you wanna fuck with her'. You wanna fuck with her, fuck with her. You got my blessing. Live for today, man, we're family. Papo laughs. A staggered second later, Hector laughs. Fuc it.
64) 0) text: FELIZ NAVIDAD! The whole room is filled with friends. Willie, Johnny Pacheco, Ralphy, Jerry, Priscilla, Papo, e Everyone richer; everyone slicker. A big Puerto-Rican fea on a long table, in the middle of a SUPERFLY fashion blas On the walls: Leroy Neiman 'salsa' renditions of Hector a other Spanish icons. We peek. It's all candid. Real life. Everyone is singing the same 'plena'. Tonight, Famous Latin musician Yomo Toro does the honors playing the little 'cuatro' guitar...bringing into snowy York all the heart and soul Jibaro music. We see Tito, no a happy six years old boy singing along, helping mom out. We also notice a small little poodle wearing a jibaro cou hat, a 'pava'...running around...into Hector's arms. Puch savors every bit of it. This was a great happy time, nothing would ever be the sa THE MUSIC FADES OUT. THE IRIS CHACON SHOW IS ON TV... the wild Puerto Rican vedette camping it up, during her f TV days.
125) 0) text: Hector is walking through the nondescript door. Papo, see him from inside his car. Doesn't say hello or call him. 92.