20) 0) text: Linoleum, and plastic covered seats. He bolts out of his dream. His sister PRISCILLA, standing by the sofa where h sleeps. 11.
20) 1) dialog: I'm giving you two more weeks, you hear me? Hector nods.
20) 2) dialog: Two weeks to get a job or you go back to Puerto Rico. You understand?
20) 4) dialog: I'm serious. I don't want dad to disown me too. Okay? Hector sits up. Confronts her as much as you can when you only wearing baggy shorts and a pajama top.
36) 2) dialog: Where were you born in the island?
36) 4) dialog: Here?
36) 11) dialog: We're from Ponce. All of our family still lives there. Me and Hector are the only ones here. How long have you guys known each other?
36) 15) dialog: All your family here? Puchi nods.
36) 16) dialog: Oh...what does your family do? Putting her fork down.
36) 22) dialog: Sorry...I wasn't trying to come on that way...I'm just doing what a mother, sister, father, has to do...don't take it like that...sit down let's eat...we'll fight later
64) 0) text: FELIZ NAVIDAD! The whole room is filled with friends. Willie, Johnny Pacheco, Ralphy, Jerry, Priscilla, Papo, e Everyone richer; everyone slicker. A big Puerto-Rican fea on a long table, in the middle of a SUPERFLY fashion blas On the walls: Leroy Neiman 'salsa' renditions of Hector a other Spanish icons. We peek. It's all candid. Real life. Everyone is singing the same 'plena'. Tonight, Famous Latin musician Yomo Toro does the honors playing the little 'cuatro' guitar...bringing into snowy York all the heart and soul Jibaro music. We see Tito, no a happy six years old boy singing along, helping mom out. We also notice a small little poodle wearing a jibaro cou hat, a 'pava'...running around...into Hector's arms. Puch savors every bit of it. This was a great happy time, nothing would ever be the sa THE MUSIC FADES OUT. THE IRIS CHACON SHOW IS ON TV... the wild Puerto Rican vedette camping it up, during her f TV days.
94) 0) text: As Puchi is getting out of the car, she sees Priscilla, w heads directly for her. She notices Puchi's dress.
94) 1) dialog: Going to a dance?
94) 3) dialog: I wish I could, but from the first day you met him and from the first day I met you...I had a bad feeling. His father never wanted him to come... so he'd never meet people like you. I always wanted to tell you that. Puchi feels the punch, but it's just the wind. She walks away, leaving Priscilla talking to herself.
94) 5) dialog: Look where he is.