0) 2) dialog: (to herself) ...never leave me? But you did. She stops the machine. But the pain doesn't stop. 2. She walks into frame. Stands next to the stereo...turns t volume up. She listens to the music...and for a moment do a little sway, tries a couple of steps, but it hurts and stops moving...that's all her broken heart can handle on special day. AN ABSTRACT BLUR FILLS THE SCREEN. RED COLORS...BRIGHT AS BLOOD...and TROPICAL BLUE, as the most beautiful ocean. The colors move...slowly coming int FOCUS.
1) 0) text: A young Nuyorican kid moves through a busy MIDTOWN sidewa t's 2002. His whole demeanor, rhythm and style is very uch NOW. The walk is the Bronx-Swing thirty years later. CITY ANIMAL in his street war uniform. he hip-hop MUSIC screaming out of an appliance store tell story of rough living and urban anarchy...and it makes th oung man wearing the cap feel like he OWNS LIFE. His and veryone else. He stares back at US, knowing we are watchi im. He knows THE WHOLE WORLD IS WATCHING him. He winks at omeone...at a woman observing him as he struts out of sig t's Puchi.
1) 7) dialog: He had it all...and he had me. She laughs...we hear the laughter. Yes...through that lau we can see there was a time when she had that walk and st and she OWNED LIFE HERSELF...and nothing was going to kno her out of the ring.
2) 0) text: Puchi looks around the forsaken recording studio, where hundreds of hits were once recorded, now waits silent and empty. She's been here before. A piano sits in a corner crowned with empty cans of soda and dust. Congas ina corner...tipped sideways. A floor littered with maracas a musical instruments...and memories.
2) 2) dialog: Was it love? What is? One thing I know; it was special...and when you looked at us, you saw something...so maybe it was. I thought so. I did. (her eyes coming alive) Our life was like a dream... (to CAMERA) Yeah...I know what you're thinking.
4) 0) text: A lavishly furnished BEDROOM. The wardrobe and accessorie for the night are laid out on either side of the bed. Valentino dress, black silk panties, bra on one side. Go Cartier lighter, monogrammed leather cigar case, her ciga in it, jewelry, fur, purse on the other. THE WOMAN, now dressed to kill, stands in front of a full length mirror. She puts on a GOLD I.D. NECKLACE, the name PUCHI is spell in diamonds.
5) 0) text: Puchi quickly walks down A DILAPIDATED HALLWAY. Yesterday Gold records and artwork decorate the walls. She goes to another DOOR, opens it.
5) 2) dialog: Let's go.
6) 1) dialog: (to the kid) I don't wanna go out looking for you too when we come home, okay? The man-kid ignores her as best as he can.
7) 0) text: Puchi and Cookie walk out of the building up to a waiting LIMO.
8) 0) text: Puchi walks right up the steps, to a scary, intimidating LOOKOUT GUY at the entrance. She stares him down. He move
9) 0) text: Puchi passes by the JUNKIES waiting in line. Doesn't even see them.
10) 0) text: A very determined Puchi struts down the abandoned dirty h Another LOOKOUT GUY moves aside as his eyes register recognition when he hears the steady clicking of high hee approaching.
11) 3) text: The Limo flies uptown. Puchi and Cookie get to work on He like a make over Pit Crew. Off comes the stinky running jacket. Out comes an electric shaver, hair brush toothbrush...
11) 5) dialog: Yeah...you always love me when you're high.
11) 7) dialog: Look at you. He smiles back...snorting up the rest of the powder spill
15) 2) dialog: He was the singer for his father's band since he was a kid...they played all over the city of Ponce ...X-mas parties, weddings, etc. His father (MORE )
15) 5) dialog: What do you think? Him...it's always him. The room falls quiet. This is part of the story.
19) 0) text: A Tropical paradise in the asphalt jungle. The dance floor packed with beautiful, young NUYORICANS dancing to live Salsa music. LARRY HARLOW, a hot new band plays their asses off. Hector notices a stunningly beauti woman dancing by herself on the dance floor...as if danci with each member of the band and busy with every guy in t house. It's Puchi. Younger but never too innocent. Hector sees her, like his dream...a vision he has to look away from, cause she can't be real. Puchi only sees a gee looking guy drooling like he should.
23) 0) text: Puchi plays with a gold chain she's wearing. Tries not to look at the Camera in front of her
23) 1) dialog: ...that's how we say in Spanish when you're blessed...you know...some people struggle for years...not him...it's like he always knew it was going to happen...that he'd make it... (the gold cross in between her fingers) This is his... That first time I saw him, he was the most ridiculous guy in the place...but the only one (MORE )
23) 3) dialog: who brought me a present...he didn't even know me...but he had manners that old fashioned thing...I loved that. (to camera) You know, it's my birthday today?
24) 0) text: Like a garden for Puerto-Ricans. The city lights in the back as the sun goes down. All the money in the world couldn't buy you this. A Boogaloo line is on full swing. It's dirty dancing a lo dirtier. Hot Nuyorican beauties. Hector has stepped in th new West Side Story, dressed in a 100% polyester. He thin he looks cool in his Bond's naguahyde leather jacket that you could make a sofa today with it... Jibaro hick in the thick of the SIXTIES MEET THE LATIN TH Joe Cuba playing on the STEREO "Bang Bang". His eyes go straight to a girl in the dancing line, it's Puchi, the g from the nightclub. She sees him...and kind of laughs whe their eyes meet. Little mockery in the way she throws her head back to the music. Hector takes it well. Laughing is a good thing. She's easily the best dancer in the room and she lets Hec see for himself. It's a music video ahead of it's time. The Latino hoodlum we've seen earlier is there...he's car a birthday cake with lit candles and moves all the way in front of Puchi....the music is lowered as the brother sta singing AND SO DOES HECTOR, with the best version of Happ Birthday in the Lower East Side.
24) 3) dialog: Are you in the right apartment?
24) 5) dialog: For me? Who invited you? Hector looks around, maybe he's at the wrong place. She opens the present.
24) 6) dialog: (surprised) Chocolates, how sweet. Maybe he's at the wrong apartment.
24) 7) dialog: My brother told me about you. ...you're an actor? Not too famous right? Hector grins sheepishly
24) 8) dialog: I know you ...you're Trini Lopez...right?
24) 10) dialog: You're the singer, my brother said you're a Singer...right? Well, you are... Hector nods humbly. Cuts in.
24) 12) dialog: Me? I listen.
24) 14) dialog: You're funny...but your pants are even funnier. He checks himself out. He's the only hick in the room wea polyester plaid pants. She laughs.
24) 16) dialog: Mala? (flirting) I'm just being me, not mean... honest. Honesty is a virtue, right?
24) 18) dialog: You will? She blushes. Hector bends in pain hearing the tease... Papo joins them briefly. Lights a joint. Before Hector ca even say hello, he's been handed a joint.
24) 23) dialog: Not like a cigarette, man... (surprised) you've never smoked have you...? Hector fears what to say next, he'll do whatever he's got do to keep her next to him.
24) 24) dialog: Mira...watch me... (without a joint) ...look, you're supposed to hold it inside. She mimics a smoking lesson specially for Hector. It's al a sexual act. Hector watches fascinated.
25) 3) dialog: Not in the sofa...!
26) 0) text: Hector is being revived by Puchi, as he struggles over th toilet, glancing at her...not sure of who she is or where is or why? A comical but defining moment in their lives. Hector wasted, Puchi to the rescue.
26) 1) dialog: Come on...are you Okay? What's your name papi...come on, I don't want you to die without knowing your name.
26) 3) dialog: Don't die on me baby...not on my birthday...promise?
26) 5) dialog: You need mouth to mouth...resuscitation? Is that it... He nods...yes. She just laughs. He shakes his head...he'll die if he doesn't get it...or dies if he does. From the bottom of this bathroom floor tonight and as dizzy as he was, he was a happy man.
28) 0) text: The show is wild. The energy is intense as Hector sings a upbeat Salsa tune...and old Tejedor classic: "Escandalo". His charisma with the now- packed- house is mesmerizing. chorus line of beautiful GIRLS DANCE IN FRONT OF THE BAND...instant GROUPIES latino style. But Puchi is the prettiest. Hector is dressed in the gree suit we saw earlier. He sings to Puchi, who dances her wa to the front of the stage with another girl, her sister Z another stunner, both dressed in mini skirts and Go-go bo Puchi puts on a show. The other girls don't have a chance as she elbows and bumps ‘accidentally' at the others...to stake her claim... and drive Hector crazy. He shakes his maracas at her...and she shakes back. It ma him laugh and it gets him down from the stage and wrapped himself around her...
29) 2) dialog: Hello there...Is this a coincidence? Hector moves his chair closer to one to Puchi.
29) 5) dialog: You look...like you still need a fashion consultant. You look like a palm tree. Where do you get these outfits?
30) 0) text: Hector climbs up from the fire escape onto the roof, guit in hand. A few dogs barking. He sees Puchi's window lit...her silhouette walking by. He lets out a song...
30) 2) text: " The most beautiful sound I ever heard...Puchi...Puchi...Puchi...1I just met a girl named Puchi..." She comes out the window. Sees Hector playing Tony for her...it makes her so happy, he's such a fool in love and is she. She waves at him...to wait, she'll come down. 21. INTERVIEW flash...Puchi 2002.
30) 3) dialog: He was funny. Corny. No one I knew did any of that. Romantic...yeah he was very romantic...that first time together was pretty impressive...yeah...he went all out for me.
32) 1) dialog: (breathlessly) Oh, it hurts...it hurts...
32) 3) dialog: No, the back seat... Hector holds onto her as he FLIPS HER OVER ON TOP. She sm with relief, grabs him with her right hand and starts giv a hand job, winking at him, then starts to wildly ride hi
32) 4) dialog: (on fire) I can't fuckin' believe this...
33) 1) dialog: I don't do this with anyone.
33) 3) dialog: I don't. I bet when you become famous you won't even talk to me.
33) 5) dialog: What's the first thing your gonna do?
33) 7) dialog: When you become famous, silly. Hector thinks as he watches the lights reflecting in the river.
33) 9) dialog: I know about these things. Hector decides to think about it.
36) 0) text: A quiet dinner with big sister, who is checking Puchi out protecting little brother.
36) 3) dialog: I was born in this island.
36) 5) dialog: Yeah...never even visited Puerto Rico...never seen a real palm tree.
36) 7) dialog: Maybe one day I'll make it to Puerto Rico. (MORE )
36) 9) dialog: (looking at Hector) I'll get there. Hector takes her hand.
36) 12) dialog: Days...
36) 14) dialog: This is delicious...are they Goya? Priscilla smiles.
36) 17) dialog: Sell dope...what is this? You're with the FBI or something...I came here to eat, not to be grilled. She gets up...ready to walk out. Hector bolts out of his chair...laughing, making light of it.
36) 19) dialog: What do you mean 'it's cool'...whose side are you on? (MORE )
36) 21) dialog: (to Priscilla) And you? What makes you so...different than me...you British? Gimme a break! Priscilla backs off...even Hector's silent now.
39) 4) dialog: No...tell me.
39) 6) dialog: (teasing him) The windows...? Hugging her.
39) 8) dialog: Really? I heard that in the 'novela' the other night... They laugh and kiss.
40) 3) text: He paces, sings to himself. Listens to the playback of hi first songs ever recorded. His first to be a HIT. "EL MAL "Que Lio", "Che Che Cole", etc. He dances with Puchi insi the empty studio...lost in the moment. Salsa Heaven on Ea (A GIMME SHELTER ("Wild Horses") STYLE SCENE - In a way i like a scene out of a Rolling Stones recording...same dri same days, young people making music no one's heard befor Good drugs, beautiful women, YOUTH...and that feeling WHE YOU KNOW YOU GOT SOMETHING RIGHTEOUS going. --A PEEK INTO THE LIFE OF A SONG...and being young and eternal) THE MUSIC SEGUES OVER...
45) 0) text: The energy is intense. The packed dance floor is on fire. Willie is in the middle of a smokin' Trombone solo with a flirtatious DANCER right in front. He sits on the edge of the stage and PUMPS THE TROMBONE SLIDE as the dancer lite STRADDLES IT. Zaida, followed by A VERY PREGNANT PUCHI.
45) 2) dialog: (to no one) Excuse me. She makes her way to the front of the stage...and just st there. Puchi and future family. Hector knows what's up opens his arms wide and yells into the Mic.
46) 1) dialog: He looked like an innocent choir boy jibaro, but he wasn't. BACK TO SCENE... THE INTERVIEW. Puchi shakes her head...as if listening to him...and agre with whatever he's saying. She's almost IN A TRANCE.
46) 2) dialog: We were both pregnant. (she still has a memory) The other ‘woman in question'...doesn't really matter at this point...it wasn't meant to be, right? I am the only woman. Whether this is what the film crew came for, or not, this what they're getting. The love story. The heartbreak stor Fuck Hector's music life...everybody knows that...this is Puchi's Confidential. 35.
46) 3) dialog: I just put a little more pressure... or he liked me better...the day Hector was at the baptism for his other son...he left the church and came over to see me. He said: "I'll take you to Puerto Rico and marry you baby"...and he never left. Men we still men then... THE OCEAN WAVES BREAK AGAINST THE REEF...
48) 0) text: The PRIEST and family stand at the altar waiting along wi all the FRIENDS and FAMILY who sit anxiously in the Chape Zayda is holding little HECTOR, (Tito) only a couple of w old. But someone is missing. PUCHI IS BY THE DOOR... as a look-out dressed in her wedding gown. She peeks her head back in the door, slams it shut. Zaida and the BRIDESMAIDS look at her blankly as she strolls down the aisle...like a gunslinger.
48) 1) dialog: Somebody give me a cigarette. Zaida lights one, gives it to her. Puchi paces. Turns to Ralph, who has just walked in. The Priest just chills, ho against hope, this is all a nightmare about to end.
48) 2) dialog: You're the new manager, right?
48) 4) dialog: Hector ain't here yet.
48) 6) dialog: That's right...where the hell is he? Were you at the bachelor party?
48) 8) dialog: You calm down! I'm gettin' fuckin' married here and he ain't showin' up. What kind of managing is that? She grabs his hand.
50) 0) text: Puchi, Zaida, Ralph the Priest and a WEDDING PHOTOGRAPHER huddle around the MOTEL MANAGER as he opens the doors to suite 315.
51) 0) text: Puchi marches in with the Priest to the Bachelor party aftermath. Bottles, drug paraphernalia everywhere. Band members with CHICKS passed out on a couch and floor...the debris of a good Led Zeppelin party. The stillness of dea ecstasy. Puchi walks over to Willie, who's sleeping on another cou in his BOXERS with a GIRL in her bra and panties.
51) 1) dialog: (shaking him) Where's the ring?
51) 3) dialog: (top of her lungs) Hector! Hector jolts up.
51) 4) dialog: (sweet and loving) Stand up honey. We're getting married. Hector, still loaded, can barely stand up or open his eye
51) 6) dialog: Marry us. Hurry up. Puchi holds Hector's hand.
51) 8) dialog: Forget that shit. Just do the "I do's part."
51) 10) dialog: He does. Say I do, Hector.
51) 14) dialog: Anybody object? Silence. 38.
51) 16) dialog: Give him the ring Willie. Hector takes the ring but needs some help putting it on Puchi's finger. It's not a joke anymore.
53) 1) text: The streets are filled with the magic of the music and al of the sudden the sidewalks are turned into pieces of San Juan, Mayaguez, Bayamon or wherever you came from...peopl dancing and cooking and laughing and feeling more togethe than they had...a Puerto Rican RENAISSANCE in Manhattan. Dancing in the streets...and on the bandstand, some of th most handsome and fun young singers of the day; Ismael Miranda, Willie Colon and Hector...in his pink glasses an wide hats...and Johnny Pacheco, the band leader supreme. The song Hector's singing is "PUERTO RICO". A gem of a so almost an anthem to Puerto Rico. If there was ever one moment that galvanized a broken up community, it was NOW. The after sixties- seventies. NOW you weren't afraid of being what you where...and you said loud: Puerto Rican and Proud! The seeds of a NUROYICAN NATION, if there was ever one. Puchi notices as Hector leaves the stage. LATER... Nighttime. Same neighborhood, different circumstances. HECTOR SCORES. Ends up in some filthy little stairway wit some of his FANS...and lots of dope. A post wedding conce celebration, riding the glorious first year of a secret h habit.
54) 8) dialog: Yeah, It's okay. I know how it is.
54) 10) dialog: And what is this on you sleeve? A blood test you had done after the show...come on Hector...
54) 12) dialog: Let's not what? But Hector can't say it, not with any honesty, so he keep quiet. If she's ever right, it's tonight.
54) 13) dialog: Fuck it up? You think I don't know? You know how many friends I had who never got to take the fucking needle out of their arm...you think that growing up in the streets doesn't (MORE )
54) 15) dialog: teach you something? Please...you have family now...I don't wanna bury you on your son's third birthday.
54) 17) dialog: No. Not that shit. (her back to him) That's not getting high, man...in my book, that's killing yourself. Silence.
54) 18) dialog: Hector please...I don't wanna be the school cop. You make it, I make it. Let's make it. He walks over to her.
56) 0) text: MORE FLASHES. The room is filled with REPORTERS and PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS interviewing Hector, DRESSED IN A SHARP WHI SUIT AND COOL PRESCRIPTION SHADES, and Willie, DRESSED IN ALL BLACK. Both hold GOLD RECORDS in their hands. Jerry, Johnny, and Ralph, big smiles, stand behind them. SUDDENLY THEY FADE from the room...and we are in same room present time, with Puchi. 42.
57) 0) text: Puchi is walking around, almost recognizing the 30 years cigarette butts on the ashtray. Searching for a sign of life. Her old life.
57) 1) dialog: ...Hector never really left Puerto Rico, it was more like he brought Puerto Rico over here with him. He...showed us...but didn't know it. LIVE MUSIC PLAYING...
57) 2) dialog: He was simple...and he had all the island we were missing...that was the thing with Hector. His English was bad, our Spanish was worse...and it clicked. He spoke like family...like someone you knew all your life...his problems were your problems. She straightens one of the Gold records left on the crack wall.
58) 0) text: Hector stands outside on the front lawn, holding a now FO YEAR OLD Tito's hand. Puchi opens the door to them. It's home.
62) 0) text: The room is dark. A little toy train runs through the tra in the living room...a tricycle next to it...along with m other toys. Little Tito appears at the end of the big roo cued by Puchi. The kid sees the train, wide eyed...and ne fainting...he also sees the legendary white bearded man f the cards, the signs, now standing by the moonlight, righ across from of him.
62) 2) dialog: Tito...di que si... (like the boy) Si...I'm Tito. The boy moves a little closer, seeing the train going aro him.
63) 0) text: Puchi is asleep, alone in the bed. Right in front of her is Hector, wearing his pajamas, admiring her, walking aro his sleeping beauty, the baby is next to her, lying by he side. He cannot believe his luck...they're his. We hear the sound of a 'cuatro' playing somewhere...a ple lullaby. He slowly, not to wake anyone up and spoil the magic of the moment, gets himself in the bed next to her Moving toys out of the way, he rests his head next to Puc and a Firetruck. The SOUND OF THE 'cuatro" continues... YEARS LATER...ANOTHER CHRISTMAS... "Asalto Navideno"
65) 0) text: Puchi dubs the song as Iris dances and shakes her made-he famous- sculptural behind. She's doing an early Tongolele/Grace Jones in the tropics choreography. Leathe and banana.
65) 1) dialog: Te gusta? 45. Hector is sitting in the living room of their apt sipping Schaefer beer. Glassy- eyed, mellow.
65) 3) dialog: You're so funny...you can't handle an ass like that.
65) 5) dialog: You know papi. This one you can touch...this one is yours...and that one...? She does a little dance for Hector, imitating Iris, block the TV set. Hector pretends to be looking for the TV, the bolts out of his seat, grabbing PuchI from behind...kissi her neck, she laughs...he loves it too....these are two p madly in love with one another
65) 6) dialog: Leave me alone... They fall on the floor, in the background, IRIS CHACON bu and grinding, climbing on top of a Harley Davidson...as P climbs on top of poor skinny little Hector, and starts removing her blouse.
65) 7) dialog: (with a wicked smile) You wanna watch TV...do you papito? You wanna change the channel? She starts kissing Hector...considers...
65) 8) dialog: Do you think this will end? Hector kisses her back...
65) 14) dialog: Now? You nuts? I don't like that stuff...
66) 0) text: ...they're an experienced wasted couple...in their new ho Still half- dressed. Wired and just realizing that it's a daylight, again. Hector's lying on the floor next to Puchi...who is crawling around the expensive glass table. drugged predator. Another wasted couple (Willie & Wife) parties around in another part of the living room. Pool w shimmering in the walls... Willie tries his best stoned playing the grand piano in t living room, gives up and walks out into a patio: An elec blue pool empty, waiting for a swimmer.
66) 1) dialog: (in a bit of a panic) Shit...we don't have anymore. Hector smiles, smoking his cigarette, drinking his vodka. little something hidden up every sleeve. He moves to a so
66) 4) dialog: Anything.
66) 8) dialog: Yeah. ..maybe.
66) 10) dialog: How'bout you...
66) 12) dialog: Yeah...but you go first with...him, with Julio...come on, I wanna watch too...come on papi... He smiles.
66) 16) dialog: Why not? It'll turn me on...you like men? You said that one night... Hector looks around the room.
66) 18) dialog: No I won't...come on papi...go get him. Willie jumps in the pool wearing his suit, let's out a holler...the woman laughs. Sits by the edge of the pool. She spreads her legs slowly... stylishly dirty.
66) 19) dialog: Then I'll do her... They both start laughing at the absurdity of it. Hector...hears a noise, he looks. A seven- year old Hecti is watching his father and mother in some strange adult f scene.
67) 1) dialog: ...he went far, I went further... There's no denying it. (with a smile) We were terrible for one another. That was the whole basis of the relationship...see who could bang the other one harder in the head...
67) 3) dialog: What? What....what the fuck you're gonna say... you bitch...eh? Who's that bitch...your aunt...? Puchi punches him....as the other woman runs away and no dares stop the fight. Only Hector who grabs her and shove her inside her car, parked by the alley. Once inside the car, they look at each other....and start laughing.
67) 5) dialog: I remember too much... Very faintly, WE HEAR THE VOICE OF AN MC ANNOUNCING A SHOW... 'Ladies and Gentlemen...would you...etc'. She dri gone for a second.
68) 2) text: THE FANIA ALL STARS AT THEIR BEST. Raw and intense. Camer rolling. But the band is totally unaware of HISTORY BEING MADE TONIGHT. "Quitate Tu Pa'Ponerme Yo" grooves on, six the best singers in Salsa sharing a stage and a magic mom Puchi is on the side of the stage. A witness to the frenz and part of it...as she dances again for him. Ecstatic.
68) 7) dialog: I love you. 51. The corniness and magic of the moment, is tainted by the little sly move that no one sees, but we all know, as she passes into his pocket a small little vial...it's a littl moment that will be big and damaging in their lives.
69) 0) text: Disco music is heard in the b.g. The previous joy and pea is out the window. It's tense inside this room. Puchi sits on a couch with a glass of CHAMPAGNE, smoking large cigar very elegantly, dressed to kill in silky, ric looking black dress. Willie leans against the door holdin on to his Trombone...anxious to get the show going...but Hector's MIA. Willie and the band stand around upset...si the before the show shatter all wasted. Ralph taps his wa pretending it's not the 20th time he's done it in an hour
69) 1) dialog: I'm not a fuckin' baby-sitter...I'm his wife...in case you forgot.
69) 3) dialog: Then go find him.
69) 5) dialog: Did you really? It's tense and ugly and different, because it's a woman snarling in a man's world.
69) 8) dialog: Did anybody ask for their money back? Ralph never gets to answer. 52.
69) 9) dialog: _, (pushy) Did they? A moment later, Hector casually walks in...with Willie.
70) 0) text: The driveway is packed with cars, half parked on the fron lawn. A NEW MERCEDES pulls up, parks on the street. Puchi jumps out of the car when she sees Tito skating.
70) 3) dialog: What are you doing out here at this time? The boy stops, unsure he's doing anything wrong.
70) 5) dialog: Get inside! Now!
71) 0) text: Puchi flies into the living room, dragging Tito by the ha
71) 1) dialog: Where is he? As Tito shrugs...GUN SHOTS ring out from under the living room floor.
72) 0) text: The band is hangin' out in the Adult Play Room. BARRY WHI blasting from a JUKE BOX. "Never Never Gonna Give You Up" Hector mocks and lip-syncs Barry. A few guys play pool on a NEW POOL TABLE. A couple of oth take pot shots with .45's at a DART BOARD riddled with bu holes, hanging on the wall, also riddled with holes. 54. A couple of others sit on a plush couch with Hector, who holds a TRAY FULL OF COCAINE in one hand, a GUN in the ot More shots are taken at the dart board. Just as a GUY lea in to take a snort off the tray. Puchi FLIES down the stairs, races over and SLAPS the who tray INTO THE AIR.
72) 1) dialog: (crazy mad) Everybody get the fuck out! Now! Everyone scrambles to get out. As the guy attempts to sno some of the lost cocaine off the couch, Puchi kicks him i the ass.
72) 2) dialog: Hijo de Puta! Hector is left alone, standing with the tray in his hand gun in the other.
72) 4) dialog: You let our son out on the street at ten o'clock at night while you're down here with these fuckin' low life leeches...in my house, getting high and shooting off guns!!
72) 6) dialog: (calmly) Put that fuckin' thing away. Hector, belts the gun, shrugs and starts for the stairs.
72) 8) dialog: Yeah...like you always do....it's the story of your life. Nothing happened. (MORE )
72) 10) dialog: Your mother didn't die, your father doesn't hate you...and your brother's still scoring dope in Harlem somewhere. She's crossed the line
72) 11) dialog: Where you goin'? To do more drugs? To spend all our fucking money on drugs? She goes after him, tries smacking him in the back of the head with the tray. He pushes her away.
72) 13) dialog: You motherfucker! As she races after him, wildly swinging the tray... She looses her balance, FALLS ON THE TRAY and SLIDES DOWN THE STAIRS. HECTOR looks back at her. She's okay. He laug and keeps going.
73) 0) text: Hector walks to his car. Puchi chases him after him.
73) 1) dialog: Go ahead! Leave your wife and son! You no good piece of shit junkie. He turns around...making sure this is his wife screaming all this horror.
73) 2) dialog: You heard me, yeah, I said that...
75) 0) text: Hector comes to serenade her in the middle of the night. ask for forgiveness in the only way he knows how, or the he dopes it best. A guitar and maracas...like an old fashioned trio from a time warp, in the sidewalks of Quee 57. Hector singing the most romantic and heartbreaking bolero life. Willie is with him...ragged trombone moans and all. Puchi eventually comes out the window...nodding, hushing first....then pretending to be forgiving...just in time f the neighbors to become a selected audience to a love tri put to music, as Hector sings soulfully Tito Rodriguez's heart-breaking "Inolvidable". But this alone will not do the trick. INSIDE THE HOUSE ( different exterior LOCATION 7?) Puchi listens. Hector explains Hector.
75) 3) dialog: You know, people tell me I should just dump you...you know how fuckin' pissed off that makes me? (beat) Because I love you... and I love Tito... and I want us to be together It's that too much? Isn't that what you want? But she doesn't even know what she wants to say or hear.
75) 4) dialog: Hector...I just...I just want you to say ‘you're gonna try to make things work'. I want you to say you're gonna spend more time with Tito. I want you to say you're gonna stop with all the drugs...I want you to say you love me.
75) 6) dialog: Do you think we could try to love each other a little more...more carefully...maybe become a happy family...that's all I want Hector is for us to be a happy family. Tears are streaming down her face.
75) 7) dialog: I never had one... (with a broken smile) ...I was hoping... Hector leans over, wipes them off. He kisses her tears away...in love with trouble and the wrong lover. No bette feeling.
77) 0) text: Puchi wakes up alone. Hector is gone. She jumps up ina panic, races out of the room. Down the stairs. Through the living room. Dining room. Into KITCHEN where... The table is set and Hector, in his underwear is busy coo BREAKFAST over the hot stove which is a MESS. He comes ou of the smoke...his son helping him.
77) 3) dialog: ...and beer. She tries to control herself...and enjoy the day. 59.
77) 4) dialog: Oh...that's beautiful...
79) 0) text: Puchi is in the bed, watching Hector fix his tie in the mirror...dressing up for the show. A show in itself.
79) 1) dialog: Goin' to work early?
83) 0) text: He walks into the house. Puchi is no where in sight and neither is his son.
84) 1) text: Puchi turns off the lights of the car. She sees that Hect car is there. She's all made up and dressed to kill...or fuck another man. She looks tense.
85) 3) dialog: Hector...you're crazy! What's gotten into you? 64.
85) 5) dialog: Look at you... The little boy starts crying and screaming.
85) 7) dialog: I was at my sister's! What's wrong with you.
85) 9) dialog: You fucking bastard! Not the kid...! She punches him back, but he doesn't hit back...he just b away, to take a better look at her. To get back harder.
85) 12) dialog: Como una puta...and since when don't you like it? He can't answer to that. Hector looks at Tito, who is onc again alone or in the middle...looking at his family, as looking at strangers.
85) 13) dialog: I wanted to surprise you...I went by the Club...where were you? Hector is now puzzled, confused, guilty...even is she's n really innocent. He can't speak
85) 14) dialog: Where the fuck where you? Hector crumbles down...his turn to cry like a kid himself It's not about believing or not believing her tonight. No one wins. 65.
85) 16) dialog: Come on Tito...it's your dad...it's okay...he's just upset at something...not at you...he loves you. She's talks to the boy, while she looks at Hector, playin it out...using the boy, their love, anything to stop him make him believe her story....and find out his. It's love that can only feel through pain and can only exist hurtin each other to make sure they're alive.
86) 2) dialog: That motherfucker! What happened? Hector smiles at the absurdity of the end. Speechless.
86) 3) dialog: So what? People like you, late. He's nothing without you, fuck him!
86) 5) dialog: He told you that? He looks away from her, goes for a drink.
86) 7) dialog: You're the best. Everybody knows that, Hector. Let him go out there and sing with that squeaky little voice of his...it's his loss. Puchi starts to take off her fancy dress, Hector notices black lingerie. And then...it's back to the start. 66.
86) 9) dialog: I went to my sister's and then I got some chicken...I thought you were coming in late. Baby... Hector looks right up at her. Even if his worse suspicion are true, he can't let her go.
86) 10) dialog: (gently, motherly) Okay, we're gonna take a couple of Quaaludes, get under the covers and hold on to each other, for a change. When we get up, everything is gonna be okay. She finds the pills, undresses him, gets in the bed and cradles him. They're both feeling numb and peaceful.
86) 11) dialog: Don't worry Papi, we'll figure it all out.
88) 0) text: Puchi finds him sitting alone in his room....he looks tir and worn, his smile crooked and turned off.
88) 2) dialog: (like a bad psychiatrist) Maybe he wasn't home. 67.
89) 2) dialog: ...in the Bronx...no no, never saw one, you're right? So? She cuddles next to him, he puts her arm around her.
89) 4) dialog: (with affection) You are very much like the Coqui, I guess Hector....fuck, you can be depressing, man. Look at me...am I in love with a frog? Tell me you're depressing... She puts her arms around him and hugs him..
89) 6) dialog: Ouch...you..... (kissing him) On the TV...news. 1974 Viet Nam. The FALL OF SAIGON...the helicopter shot ABOVE THE American embassy. 68.
90) 0) text: Puchi blindly feels for Hector in her sleep. Instinct sna her awake. She gets up and sees...a silhouette. HECTOR sitting in a chair, HOLDING A 45 AUTOMATIC and sta at her with a glazed calm over him.
90) 2) dialog: Honey...? You okay? Puchi slowly picks up the phone, dials.
90) 3) dialog: (hushed voice) I need an ambulance, right away...
91) 0) text: Amongst other concerned families, Zayda sits patiently, attending to her own heartbeat...this is difficult on everybody. Puchi talks to a DOCTOR. WE DON’T HEAR THE CONVERSATION, but we know what they saying.
91) 2) dialog: Tell me something' I don't fuckin' know. I wake up and I see my husband lookin' like a character in a horror movie, holding a gun! What the hell is that? IN A WHITE CELL... Hector sits alone, staring off into space. Peacefully tur off. No singing, no talking, no one to watch. Withdrawn and in a drug withdrawal.
92) 0) text: Puchi walks and paces, The CAMERA CHASING her, like a cag panther, hungry...but there's no one here to eat today... settles for another KOOL. Lights up.
92) 1) dialog: . we had a kid who kept asking 'where's my dad...where did he go?'. What are you gonna tell him...Okay son, your dad is insane and we've locked him up so we wouldn't harm himself or maybe kill me...or you...who knows...'. She checks herself on a reflection by the window...glimps at the world outside, bad reality on 31 street. She retur to the camera, the fantasy, and a little attention.
92) 2) dialog: No matter how 'crazy' I got, I couldn't do that...no matter what he did: Daddy was the king...that's all he needed to know...but he knew something was up. Kids know. She thinks for a second, everyone in this story is dead. She shakes her head... in her own crazy moment...a recurr moment that doesn't seem to go away ever.
92) 3) dialog: But men like Hector don't go to AA...or therapy or nothing...He'd recorded 12 albums by 1975...had like seven #1 Songs. Drugs, sex, wife, kids...other women...all you need for a good guy to break down and...get away...like a vacation. MUSIC PLAYS.... We see a FLASH OF Puchi today (2002)...staring at city, t traffic.
94) 0) text: As Puchi is getting out of the car, she sees Priscilla, w heads directly for her. She notices Puchi's dress.
94) 2) dialog: He's your brother...but he's my husband too. Give me a fucking break would you?
94) 4) dialog: You said it. I hope you're happy now. Ciao Priscilla...mind your own business...go get fucked and all of that. You may not like 'my kind', but he doesn't seem to mind it too much. Priscilla stops to give it to her.
95) 0) text: Lines of cocaine in the mirror. The face of Puchi appears in the reflection, made up for some kind of 'party', she gets closer to the mirror...hovering over it. Her face cl and closer to it. She looks as crazed as Hector, finally. One down, one to go. AN OLDER PUCHI STARES AT US, AT CAMERA.
96) 0) text: She nods silently, affirming some nightmare she remembers But she doesn't say a word, maybe for the first during th interview, she can only stay quiet and let the shame stay out of the story. No questions no words....as the CAMERA rolls on_and Puchi avoids any incrimination. 71.
97) 0) text: Cookie and Tito play catch in the front yard. The Mercede pulls into the driveway. It's Hector coming home receptio As Hector and Puchi get out.
98) 0) text: They're eating dinner. Puchi eats quietly watching Hector devour his plate of home cooking 'habichuelas'. Tito is making dad catch up.
99) 0) text: Hector lays on the bed, watching Puchi get undressed to h bra and panties. A dozen PILL bottles sit on the night ta He's wearing a the same shirt and tie...ready for the a canceled show or something...backstage at home.
99) 2) dialog: (half sly) Take your medication. I don't want you to go crazy on me tonight.
100) 1) dialog: (talking into mirror eyes closed) Ralphy called...
100) 3) dialog: What do you think...? She opens her eyes, stares at herself now. 73.
100) 4) dialog: He's got a bunch of stuff lined up, show in Los Angeles, Chicago...
101) 3) dialog: What is it baby? Nervous? They both know. He smiles. He half buried in the water just eyes on the surface.
101) 8) dialog: I know. Come...Yeah...that's it. I'm more scared than you are. He holds on to her. ( NEW: as she slowly undresses him fr his soaked shirt and tie...)
101) 9) dialog: It's like... swimming...like riding a bicycle...it all comes back to you...I'm so fucking nervous too. They kiss, the water falling over them...they hold on to each other...healing....drowning in each other.
104) 0) text: Puchi wakes up, feels bed next to her. Empty. She frantically scans the room. Empty. 76.
106) 0) text: Puchi enters. No sign of Hector
110) 1) dialog: ...Nigga never got wear that watch. My brother Papo saw the car parked outside...and stopped him. You know, he had his business there...so here we have some black dude strolling out of the competition dope house wearing Hector watch and coat...and heading straight for the Mercedes...
111) 0) text: The cover of Hector's album "La Comedia" is being shot. Hector is dressed up like Charlie Chaplin, hat, cane, ill fitting suit. The works...and it works. He looks like a dead ringer for the famous tragic-comic genius. The studi is filled with the usual dozen of hangers on, groupies drinks, grass, loud disco playing. Hector is doing the classic Chaplin poses against a white background...Puchi is there, sort of....in between Camera Flashes, Hector notices her by the phone and then she's g
112) 0) text: It's pouring down rain. Hector spies on Puchi from inside his car. He's still wearing his Chaplin outfit. Catches her coming out of a building. He gets out and runs to her
112) 3) dialog: You really wanna know who I'm fucking...all of them. The bass player, the drummer, the pianist...all of them except the singer Yeah...because he's too fucking high to get it up...so I have to get where I can...you understand that? Hector is the one now speechless.
112) 4) dialog: You've accused me of fucking so many men that I'm finally going to fuck as many men as I'm guilty of screwing... She looks for a cab...there's none.
112) 5) dialog: Uhmmm... She turns around without waiting for a response, takes of her shoes and starts walking in the rain...in the street...through he traffic... The rain soaking her dress, her hair and hiding the tears running down her face. Traffic swerves away, stops...some too afraid to even offer a ride to this beautiful woman walking in the storm...as if she was walking down a deser street. MUSIC PLAYS....WE HEAR HECTOR SINGING: "Bandolera". Hector goes after her...the rain beating down on him too, soaking him up fast...he takes his glasses off. Suddenly, PUCHI stops one car, any car...and BEFORE HECTO can catch up to her, she gets inside and disappears from sight. Hector can't do a thing, but feel the frustration loving a wild animal. He stands in the rain, cars moving around him, honking ho screaming at the madman. THE MUSIC PLAYS...it's a hooky sound of VALLENATO accordi and CUMBIA that sticks to your skin and gets you up from death. I comes from..
113) 22) text: More music. More love. More madness. More dysfunctional behavior between Puchi and Hector. The WAR OF LOVE is taking a toll on everything. ON TV... HECTOR IS SPEAKING TO CAMERA..."El Cantante" in the background. It's an Anti-Drug public service spot.
114) 10) dialog: It's not a Doctor. Hector lights a cigarette. Pisses, stalked by Puchi.
114) 12) dialog: Yeah, you should enjoy it since you only see him once every six months...even when you're fuckin' home... Hector barely wants to acknowledge that.
114) 13) dialog: ...and don't think I don't know you're high, Hector.
114) 15) dialog: Yeah...do that...go with some of those whores that keep calling...that should relax you. She gets up and starts walking away when Hector explodes grabs an ashtray and throws it at her. It misses her by inches and crashes against a wall. It startles Puchi and frightens Tito...who looks at his father and mother, tear welling up in his eyes. Hector doesn't know what to do.
117) 1) text: A small little place. Santeria objects everywhere. She is talking to Hector and Puchi. Hector's quiet, emotional.
118) 7) dialog: ...-he was tired...it was like...it was like a religious experience between him and his fans... That was it. He hated it but depended on it.
119) 0) text: Hector sits at the table eating dinner as Puchi sits acro from him and eats him up with her eyes. Who's cheating wh
121) 0) text: Puchi races into the living room. SMOKE EVERYWHERE. She searches through the smoke. Sees the bathroom door ajar, races over, rips it open to find Hector nodded out on the toilet. FLAMES all around him. Puchi shakes him, grabs his hand, they run upstairs.
121) 1) dialog: ...he passed out on the couch and dropped his cigarette...So I woke him up. We couldn't get out the front so he grabbed me by the hand and raced up the stairs...all of the sudden he became Superman. A FLASH: HECTOR ON STAGE... TALKING TO HIS AUDIENCE SOMEWHERE ELSE...
122) 2) dialog: People like Hector lend themselves to fantasy and to be what everybody wanted his history to be...you know what I'm saying? A million stories... Puchi looks at the picture.
123) 0) text: GUCCI PUCHI. A beauty in designer everything. She takes a big drag on her cigar, inhales the smoke, blows out the s in her new living room. On the wall, we see... LEG CASTS ENCASED IN GLASS. She's like a caged animal walking aroun the empty apartment.
123) 2) dialog: Where are you going tonight? 90.
123) 4) dialog: You're just gonna hit the sidewalk and decide what you're doing...don't talk to me like I'm your grandmother or something...if I ask where the fuck you're going, you tell me...and if you don't know where you're going, you make it up....but please don't say...you don't know...that's pretty lame. Come here. The young man comes over....
123) 6) dialog: Please what...? She holds on to him, giving him all the love she can. She knows what being this age was like. It's scary today.
124) 0) text: Nice, cushy VIP room. Buffet table. Full bar. Hector on Tv. A drunk and hostile Puchi sits on the couch ranting t Zaida as other VIP's try to turn a deaf ear. This is the MONSTER she's turned into, by choice or by design. She glances over to a WOMAN in a low cut dress. 91.
124) 1) dialog: (loud whisper ) Look at that bitch over there with her tits hangin' out. She's been wantin' to fuck Hector for years.
124) 3) dialog: (loudly) Nobody would have been here if it wasn't for me. There would have been NO concert if it wasn't for me.
124) 6) dialog: (to the woman) That's right bitch. Who's dick did you suck to get in here? The prudent 'bitch' ignores her. Ralph walks into the roo gives the woman a kiss. The woman points to Ralph.
124) 8) dialog: (to Ralph) Hey, Baldy, where's my money? Ralph ignores Puchi, takes the woman's hand and walks out Puchi stays alone in a fog...no one left to insult. She looks bitter, worn and all alone.
126) 9) text: It's almost a REPRISE of that night where it all started something years ago. Him and his old friend...and a band without a singer. 93. Everyone looks at him and applauds as he gets up and walk on to the small stage. Cookie sits on the piano, bad hand and all. He starts to REPRISE the GONE OLD days. The old Tejedor classic " ESCANDALO". After a couple of heart felt verses, the trumpet player g ona solo. He sees Puchi coming in. His face changes into fear...because he sees something in her eyes he's never s before. She looks scary as she floats closer to the stage, walkin like a zombie...VINTAGE MADNESS...with a twist. Heads tur People laugh. But it's not funny. Hector imagines the wor Hector motions to a BOUNCER, who steps in and grabs her. It's another degrading moment.
126) 10) dialog: Let go of me! Let go... Hector looks at her as she falls on the floor...trying to pull the bouncer to spit him, to kiss her, to spit him again...taunting the man, like a sloppy drunk, nothing se about it. She is dragged off screaming and foaming at the mouth...but this time is different...it's difficult.
126) 11) dialog: You motherfucker! Look what they're doing to your wife...do something you prick...you junkie little faggot...come on! But Hector does nothing as they take her away.
127) 0) text: An empty street. Puchi is stumbling and ranting in the sidewalk. It's the end of the night and New York feels em except for this crazed woman with a torn dress and a torn heart.
127) 1) dialog: You coward...no wonder your own son fucking hates you! She shoves him again. He stumbles for words.
127) 3) dialog: (assassinating) You can't raise your son. You can't even be a husband...You cant' even fucking sing anymore. Hector starts to unravel himself, he puts his head in his hands. She rests for a second against a parked car 94.
127) 5) dialog: You don't have a son.... He starts to slump down against the wall. She grabs him.
127) 6) dialog: You hear me?! As he looks up, eyes glazed over...EVERYTHING GETS SLOW A HORRIFYING.
127) 9) dialog: (choking on her words) Tito's dead...he's dead...there was an accident...with a gun...and...he was shot...a friend shot him. INTERVIEW - PUCHI SEARCHES THE ROOM FOR HIM...
128) 0) text: Puchi is silent. Her eyes finally LAND on a corner of the room and stay there. The Camera rolls silently, until she returns to the Interview.
128) 1) dialog: ...I thought I'd die too...but you live through it...and it hurts much more. Hector? He died with him... A COLOR PHOTO OF TITO FILLS THE SCREEN... it's surrounded by flowers.
129) 0) text: Hector's eyes are filled with tears. He touches the microphone, it's almost like he's going to start a song. 95. He and Puchi stand by Tito's grave with a crowd of friend and family behind them.
130) 1) dialog: ...your son's smiling at you one day, you turn around and the next thing you know he's gone...no one prepares for that...all the death in the world doesn't get you ready for that... (lights a cigarette) ...and I've seen a lot of dying around me...I grew up in streets where they would drop like flies...but for Hector it was very hard...it was something he never got over. Nothing was the same again...life changed and for the two of us...it was never the same again...he died, we died...that simple. She touches her face with his hand...as if it was him caressing her...not letting her get so sad. A tear coming out her eyes.
131) 0) text: Puchi's eyes swollen with tears. Cookie comes over, hands her a plate of food, she can't have anything. 96. Puchi looks for him through the crowd in the apartment at the post funeral reception.
131) 1) dialog: Thanks...where's my husband? A flash of panic rushes over Cookie's face. He quickly sc the room...No Hector. Cookie looks back at Puchi, knowing what's going through head. Suddenly Hector comes out of the kitchen. Sees he's across the room.
132) 0) text: It's right after the funeral, He's still wearing the suit and tie...Puchi looks dead sitting in the red sofa...expressionless. Silence.
132) 2) dialog: ...impossible to...oh, I get it...
132) 4) dialog: Oh... now that our son is dead it all comes clear to you. I'ma bitch and you're a great guy...and that maybe the best thing for us to do, besides fucking other people...is to make it official, that you and I have all of the fucking sudden realized 'we ain't good' for each other, so we're breaking it up to try to fix it up...fix what up? She paces around the room, like a bull before going into ring. Gives him a hard, cold look. 97.
132) 5) dialog: This? She turns to one of the mirrored walls. We see on the fractured mirrored tiles the two of them. In broken love. THEIR FACES DISSOLVING INTO...BUBBLES. A LIGHTER FLICKS ON. The dope bubbles, cooking in the filthy spoon. Hector lig a Cigarette, now he's got all the time in the world. Noth will stop him to wipe all the pain away. It's serene mome before communion. QUICK CUTS... He ties off his arm. Takes the syringe and slips the need into his vein. RED BLOOD SHOOTS UP INSIDE THE DROPPER...L A SERPENTINE...a deadly STREAMER spooling on CARNIVAL DAY SKELETAL SALSA music plays over. A BASS, A SCRATCH, A LON TRUMPET. ..ECHOES.
140) 0) text: The horror has followed to the bar in lobby of the Sherat where Hector and Puchi are having it out in front of all other band members, crew, strangers. They fight, but we don't hear a sound...we've heard plent of fighting and can only imagine. There is no truce ever with these two. ALL THE SOUNDS FADE OUT... and we only hear the sound of the ocean. Low, night waves...and the barely audible music from a bar blocks aw
143) 1) dialog: God, please help him...please help him...
144) 0) text: Puchi sits all alone and silent in the waiting room. It's sad lonely picture. The game is over. This is where the l road ends. What we hear is Puchi telling the tale.
145) 0) text: INTERVIEW--- Puchi's looking away from the CAMERA...A LIT RESTLESS. Too many memories stirred, too many questions that are answered now, years after the fact...too many 'I wish that I' moments...too much pain and regret.
145) 1) dialog: He lived...yeah...five more years. She thinks about what she says...putting together some se into a tough past or coming up with final days wisdom.
145) 2) dialog: But it wasn't real life... She looks straight at CAMERA, AT US...as we hear applause the intro to a song.
145) 3) dialog: ...and I wasn't there for him. I wanted to remember him like he wanted me to. She closes her eyes. FADE TO BLACK. The HORNS announcing the closing words....the parting shot...and it'll be Hector's turn with his side of the st
146) 0) text: SIDE STAGE - Puchi stands nest to Hector. She looks into his eyes...THE INTRO FOR "Todo Tiene su Final". The encor
146) 2) dialog: I love you too. Go ahead honey, go tell them. I'1l be here. She kisses him. The band picks up the rhythm trying to pu Hector up.
147) 1) dialog: Everyday. Do you think that you can forget someone like that? they're all around you...wherever you go...he chases me...people like Hector you don't escape...you resign yourself to living your life with an invisible man...with a ghost...sometimes I'm cooking something, whatever...and I ask him 'hey Hector how do you want...?' You know...like he was there...it never goes away...people say, go ahead Puchi...there are a lot of better more normal men around...did I ever want that? you figure it out. 106. She looks around the room, more comfortable with the confession. Near the end. Out of words. Out of heart. BACK TO SCENE... Hector singing his heart out.
147) 3) dialog: ...you don't wanna know what I'd tell him. She laughs, making light of something so heartbreaking. But the lyrics of the song we hear say for her. ‘Everythi must come to an end'... and this love story definitely di Just listen to him. ( SONG WILL BE SUBTITLED) A CU FLASH OF PUCHI 2002: Outside MSG...staring at THE PA BACK TO... Hector singing, his inimitable style, ease in front of thousands...
148) 0) text: The show goes on. "TODO TIENE SU FINAL" continues. Title Cards over concert shots: Hector Lavoe died of AIDS complications on June 23, 1993. was 43 years old. He is considered to be the greatest Sal singer of his time and always remembered as a folk hero because he was "Of the people for the people." HECTOR SINGING ON STAGE, waving.... ANOTHER TITLE CARD.... Nilda 'Puchi' Roman Perez, died in 2002 of mysterious circumstances.