12) 2) dialog: (grinning) Elvis is in the building.
48) 3) dialog: (smiling) You look beautiful Puchi, beautiful.
48) 5) dialog: (stoned on weed) You know Hector...he'll be here. 36.
48) 7) dialog: Of course I was. Just calm down...
49) 0) text: She marches down the LOBBY with Ralph and the Priest in t Zaida picks up the long trail of wedding dress and follow THE IMAGE FREEZES ON HER FACE.
50) 0) text: Puchi, Zaida, Ralph the Priest and a WEDDING PHOTOGRAPHER huddle around the MOTEL MANAGER as he opens the doors to suite 315.
56) 0) text: MORE FLASHES. The room is filled with REPORTERS and PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS interviewing Hector, DRESSED IN A SHARP WHI SUIT AND COOL PRESCRIPTION SHADES, and Willie, DRESSED IN ALL BLACK. Both hold GOLD RECORDS in their hands. Jerry, Johnny, and Ralph, big smiles, stand behind them. SUDDENLY THEY FADE from the room...and we are in same room present time, with Puchi. 42.
64) 0) text: FELIZ NAVIDAD! The whole room is filled with friends. Willie, Johnny Pacheco, Ralphy, Jerry, Priscilla, Papo, e Everyone richer; everyone slicker. A big Puerto-Rican fea on a long table, in the middle of a SUPERFLY fashion blas On the walls: Leroy Neiman 'salsa' renditions of Hector a other Spanish icons. We peek. It's all candid. Real life. Everyone is singing the same 'plena'. Tonight, Famous Latin musician Yomo Toro does the honors playing the little 'cuatro' guitar...bringing into snowy York all the heart and soul Jibaro music. We see Tito, no a happy six years old boy singing along, helping mom out. We also notice a small little poodle wearing a jibaro cou hat, a 'pava'...running around...into Hector's arms. Puch savors every bit of it. This was a great happy time, nothing would ever be the sa THE MUSIC FADES OUT. THE IRIS CHACON SHOW IS ON TV... the wild Puerto Rican vedette camping it up, during her f TV days.
69) 0) text: Disco music is heard in the b.g. The previous joy and pea is out the window. It's tense inside this room. Puchi sits on a couch with a glass of CHAMPAGNE, smoking large cigar very elegantly, dressed to kill in silky, ric looking black dress. Willie leans against the door holdin on to his Trombone...anxious to get the show going...but Hector's MIA. Willie and the band stand around upset...si the before the show shatter all wasted. Ralph taps his wa pretending it's not the 20th time he's done it in an hour
69) 2) dialog: You don't know where he goes? Everybody else does...wife.
69) 7) dialog: Willie is right. You shouldn't be defending Hector this time...he's fucking up.
114) 0) text: Jerry, Ralphy and a bunch of other suit and tie guys stop watching, turn to their unpleasant faces and start gettin to public relation damage control...basically.
114) 5) dialog: You can find another spokesman...'our' Spanish world doesn't buy into this confessional trip...I know Hector really wanted to do this...I'll talk to him.
139) 0) text: The scattered crowd screams out his name. The band waits. Ralph puffs on a cigar, looking out at the anxious crowd Hector and Cookie arrive. The Promoter comes over, appeals to Hector
139) 2) dialog: (interrupting) Hey! What the fuck you doin' talking to the Artists? What you better do is walk out on that fuckin' stage and tell the crowd the show's canceled! (to the band) Go back to the hotel, guys. They all wait loyally by Hector.
139) 5) dialog: Hector, are you crazy? What the fuck are you now; Saint Hector? I already sent all the other acts back to the hotel...this ain't a welfare concert.
139) 7) dialog: That's not the point! They're tearing down the stage... Hector stops him with his hand.
139) 12) dialog: I fuckin' told him! Cookie goes up to the sound board.