6) 0) text: Posters of bands on the wall. A teen-ager stares her down it's her son TITO. A handsome, defiant young man.
48) 0) text: The PRIEST and family stand at the altar waiting along wi all the FRIENDS and FAMILY who sit anxiously in the Chape Zayda is holding little HECTOR, (Tito) only a couple of w old. But someone is missing. PUCHI IS BY THE DOOR... as a look-out dressed in her wedding gown. She peeks her head back in the door, slams it shut. Zaida and the BRIDESMAIDS look at her blankly as she strolls down the aisle...like a gunslinger.
58) 0) text: Hector stands outside on the front lawn, holding a now FO YEAR OLD Tito's hand. Puchi opens the door to them. It's home.
59) 3) dialog: (top of his lungs) I forgot to ask you for a little train Santa....please....I forgot....a little train... Hector smiles as he watches his naive little son remind S of the forgotten toy. His turn to be a good father. The little voice is lost in the...
62) 0) text: The room is dark. A little toy train runs through the tra in the living room...a tricycle next to it...along with m other toys. Little Tito appears at the end of the big roo cued by Puchi. The kid sees the train, wide eyed...and ne fainting...he also sees the legendary white bearded man f the cards, the signs, now standing by the moonlight, righ across from of him.
64) 0) text: FELIZ NAVIDAD! The whole room is filled with friends. Willie, Johnny Pacheco, Ralphy, Jerry, Priscilla, Papo, e Everyone richer; everyone slicker. A big Puerto-Rican fea on a long table, in the middle of a SUPERFLY fashion blas On the walls: Leroy Neiman 'salsa' renditions of Hector a other Spanish icons. We peek. It's all candid. Real life. Everyone is singing the same 'plena'. Tonight, Famous Latin musician Yomo Toro does the honors playing the little 'cuatro' guitar...bringing into snowy York all the heart and soul Jibaro music. We see Tito, no a happy six years old boy singing along, helping mom out. We also notice a small little poodle wearing a jibaro cou hat, a 'pava'...running around...into Hector's arms. Puch savors every bit of it. This was a great happy time, nothing would ever be the sa THE MUSIC FADES OUT. THE IRIS CHACON SHOW IS ON TV... the wild Puerto Rican vedette camping it up, during her f TV days.
70) 0) text: The driveway is packed with cars, half parked on the fron lawn. A NEW MERCEDES pulls up, parks on the street. Puchi jumps out of the car when she sees Tito skating.
70) 2) dialog: Hi, mommy...
70) 4) dialog: Playing...dad said it was okay.
71) 0) text: Puchi flies into the living room, dragging Tito by the ha
75) 0) text: Hector comes to serenade her in the middle of the night. ask for forgiveness in the only way he knows how, or the he dopes it best. A guitar and maracas...like an old fashioned trio from a time warp, in the sidewalks of Quee 57. Hector singing the most romantic and heartbreaking bolero life. Willie is with him...ragged trombone moans and all. Puchi eventually comes out the window...nodding, hushing first....then pretending to be forgiving...just in time f the neighbors to become a selected audience to a love tri put to music, as Hector sings soulfully Tito Rodriguez's heart-breaking "Inolvidable". But this alone will not do the trick. INSIDE THE HOUSE ( different exterior LOCATION 7?) Puchi listens. Hector explains Hector.
77) 2) dialog: (excited) We made fried eggs...and pork chops...
77) 5) dialog: I'm joking...
85) 0) text: She comes in shielding herself with Tito. Closes the door behind her. Almost TV casual.
85) 6) dialog: Please stop it...
85) 10) dialog: (screaming) Papi stop...stop!
97) 0) text: Cookie and Tito play catch in the front yard. The Mercede pulls into the driveway. It's Hector coming home receptio As Hector and Puchi get out.
97) 1) dialog: Dad!!!! Tito runs over and hugs his daddy. Hector holds on to his son, closes his eyes, pressing the little kids body again his.
97) 2) dialog: Dad...I can't breathe! You're killing me!
98) 0) text: They're eating dinner. Puchi eats quietly watching Hector devour his plate of home cooking 'habichuelas'. Tito is making dad catch up.
98) 1) dialog: ...her name is Geraldine...but we are only friends. She's ten.
98) 3) dialog: She likes Ivan...he plays foot- ball...and he's older. He hates me.
98) 5) dialog: No. Where?
98) 7) dialog: (young cool) Here? She'll think that I'm crazy too... They all burst out laughing. Hector goes over to Tito.
98) 9) dialog: Dad...no...
98) 11) dialog: You're crazy! Yes, dad is crazy. Hector looks at Puchi as he plays and kisses his happy li boy again. Yes, it's good to be home.
105) 0) text: She races out, down the hall, looks into TITO'S ROOM. The kid is asleep. Alone.
114) 7) dialog: Watch this... He tries a spin, a jump, etc. Hector applauds.
114) 9) dialog: Look now... Another little dance...
123) 3) dialog: Don't know...anywhere.
123) 5) dialog: Mom please... She hugs him, as if he was still her little baby.
123) 7) dialog: Ok...I love you. He hugs her even tighter ON THE HALLWAY... Tito comes out, shows his waiting buddy a peek of the GUN HIS WAISTBAND...they slap five. ONA TV... HECTOR IS SINGING. We see him on a TV monitor in the greenroom. His PIXILATE face, like A MAP OF ALL THE PAIN IN THE WORLD. He sings t slow blues bolero: "Taxi". At times looking straight at t CAMERA...as if straight at Puchi....straight at us.
129) 0) text: Hector's eyes are filled with tears. He touches the microphone, it's almost like he's going to start a song. 95. He and Puchi stand by Tito's grave with a crowd of friend and family behind them.