35) 9) dialog: Thanks. I don't speak Spanish. I like you too, bro.
35) 18) dialog: I am. (to Johnny) You have anymore grass?
40) 0) text: SUDDENLY The studio looks empty. End of the session. The song is PLAYING, but all the musicians are either lyi on the floor or inside the booth listening. Willie sits close to the sound engineer....outside in the studio, we Hector...like the crazy person he is, talking to himself.
41) 0) text: (Under the Brooklyn Bridge or downtown Beach St ALLEY) Hector and Willie are both dressed like old- fashioned GANGSTERS. WITH GUNS AND AN OLD HOODLUM CAR next to them. They're shooting the album cover for the cover of "EL MAL Living so much in this moment, with their guns and admiri women and FLASHING CAMERAS and a future....yes...the good times were never going to end.
41) 2) dialog: (smoking) Crime pays Hector... (coughing) this is 'nuestra cosa'...our Latin thing.
41) 4) dialog: I wasn't. CAMERA FLASHES...he sees a beautiful face in between the blinding lights: Puchi, arriving to the shoot, grinning happily when she sees Hector dressed like Zorro from Chic She brings a smile to his face...
41) 6) dialog: (in the background, still waxing poetic) It's gonna be good to be Nuyorican holding up a trombone instead or a tray or a hotel elevator... A NEEDLE being place on a 33RPM ALBUM. "Juana Pena" plays over...BLACK.
42) 0) text: MIAMI. Hector, Willie and band having a drunken, rowdy po party amongst normal guests. The manager comes, Willie to him in the pool. Shots of life on the road. A collection of fun memories.
45) 0) text: The energy is intense. The packed dance floor is on fire. Willie is in the middle of a smokin' Trombone solo with a flirtatious DANCER right in front. He sits on the edge of the stage and PUMPS THE TROMBONE SLIDE as the dancer lite STRADDLES IT. Zaida, followed by A VERY PREGNANT PUCHI.
51) 0) text: Puchi marches in with the Priest to the Bachelor party aftermath. Bottles, drug paraphernalia everywhere. Band members with CHICKS passed out on a couch and floor...the debris of a good Led Zeppelin party. The stillness of dea ecstasy. Puchi walks over to Willie, who's sleeping on another cou in his BOXERS with a GIRL in her bra and panties.
51) 2) dialog: Oh, shit... (sees the priest) Good morning Father. Willie searches his pants, as if looking for change, brin out the RING BOX. Puchi drags him over to the BED where Hector is PASSED OUT in his boxers. 37.
53) 1) text: The streets are filled with the magic of the music and al of the sudden the sidewalks are turned into pieces of San Juan, Mayaguez, Bayamon or wherever you came from...peopl dancing and cooking and laughing and feeling more togethe than they had...a Puerto Rican RENAISSANCE in Manhattan. Dancing in the streets...and on the bandstand, some of th most handsome and fun young singers of the day; Ismael Miranda, Willie Colon and Hector...in his pink glasses an wide hats...and Johnny Pacheco, the band leader supreme. The song Hector's singing is "PUERTO RICO". A gem of a so almost an anthem to Puerto Rico. If there was ever one moment that galvanized a broken up community, it was NOW. The after sixties- seventies. NOW you weren't afraid of being what you where...and you said loud: Puerto Rican and Proud! The seeds of a NUROYICAN NATION, if there was ever one. Puchi notices as Hector leaves the stage. LATER... Nighttime. Same neighborhood, different circumstances. HECTOR SCORES. Ends up in some filthy little stairway wit some of his FANS...and lots of dope. A post wedding conce celebration, riding the glorious first year of a secret h habit.
55) 0) text: A MONEY COUNTING MACHINE counts bills. Willie and Hector each take a stack. They look like the characters from the gangster album cover, they're living life. Early Scarface. A FLASH BULB goes off...MUSIC PLAYS.
56) 0) text: MORE FLASHES. The room is filled with REPORTERS and PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS interviewing Hector, DRESSED IN A SHARP WHI SUIT AND COOL PRESCRIPTION SHADES, and Willie, DRESSED IN ALL BLACK. Both hold GOLD RECORDS in their hands. Jerry, Johnny, and Ralph, big smiles, stand behind them. SUDDENLY THEY FADE from the room...and we are in same room present time, with Puchi. 42.
64) 0) text: FELIZ NAVIDAD! The whole room is filled with friends. Willie, Johnny Pacheco, Ralphy, Jerry, Priscilla, Papo, e Everyone richer; everyone slicker. A big Puerto-Rican fea on a long table, in the middle of a SUPERFLY fashion blas On the walls: Leroy Neiman 'salsa' renditions of Hector a other Spanish icons. We peek. It's all candid. Real life. Everyone is singing the same 'plena'. Tonight, Famous Latin musician Yomo Toro does the honors playing the little 'cuatro' guitar...bringing into snowy York all the heart and soul Jibaro music. We see Tito, no a happy six years old boy singing along, helping mom out. We also notice a small little poodle wearing a jibaro cou hat, a 'pava'...running around...into Hector's arms. Puch savors every bit of it. This was a great happy time, nothing would ever be the sa THE MUSIC FADES OUT. THE IRIS CHACON SHOW IS ON TV... the wild Puerto Rican vedette camping it up, during her f TV days.
66) 0) text: ...they're an experienced wasted couple...in their new ho Still half- dressed. Wired and just realizing that it's a daylight, again. Hector's lying on the floor next to Puchi...who is crawling around the expensive glass table. drugged predator. Another wasted couple (Willie & Wife) parties around in another part of the living room. Pool w shimmering in the walls... Willie tries his best stoned playing the grand piano in t living room, gives up and walks out into a patio: An elec blue pool empty, waiting for a swimmer.
69) 0) text: Disco music is heard in the b.g. The previous joy and pea is out the window. It's tense inside this room. Puchi sits on a couch with a glass of CHAMPAGNE, smoking large cigar very elegantly, dressed to kill in silky, ric looking black dress. Willie leans against the door holdin on to his Trombone...anxious to get the show going...but Hector's MIA. Willie and the band stand around upset...si the before the show shatter all wasted. Ralph taps his wa pretending it's not the 20th time he's done it in an hour
69) 4) dialog: I don't care if he makes you wait...he's not gonna make me wait...I worked too hard to get to stand on that fucking stage. Puchi gives Willie an amused fuck- you- smile.
69) 6) dialog: (to Ralph) Why is she here? Willie walks out.
69) 10) dialog: Everybody out! I gotta talk to Hector. Hector smiles, unaware of any problem, ready with a true- tale of Lavoe's life. After a brief stare down, Ralph wal out followed by the band...Puchi stays.
69) 11) dialog: (to Puchi) You too....please. She struts out.
69) 13) dialog: You fuckin' happy with yourself?
69) 15) dialog: It's me Hector. Not the others. I like to fuck around too, Hector but I take this seriously.
69) 17) dialog: I wanted you in my band because I saw you had a one in a million voice. And we've gotten far. But if now you wanna fuck yourself up, do it on your own time, not on mine...understand? You need help I'll help. Off Screen we hear, the MC announcing the start of the sh
69) 19) dialog: If this is about love, try lovin' yourself, I get plenty of love and still get here on time. He embraces Hector...with love, with care.
69) 20) dialog: I'm your brother. Come on, let's kill them.
74) 0) text: The place is empty. Except for Willie. Hector has already cleaned up a little bit.
74) 1) dialog: You have two problems....and I don't know which is harder to quit... 56.
74) 3) dialog: But one will kill you.
74) 5) dialog: I cannot tell you what to do...stubbornness runs in the family... Hector turns to him, smiles....trying to shift the conversation. Or finally knowing what to say next.
74) 7) dialog: You'd be better off arrested...right now any way...look at you....you're like The Fugitive...remember how much you used to like that show? Well, you've become that man...running away from something you haven't done.
75) 0) text: Hector comes to serenade her in the middle of the night. ask for forgiveness in the only way he knows how, or the he dopes it best. A guitar and maracas...like an old fashioned trio from a time warp, in the sidewalks of Quee 57. Hector singing the most romantic and heartbreaking bolero life. Willie is with him...ragged trombone moans and all. Puchi eventually comes out the window...nodding, hushing first....then pretending to be forgiving...just in time f the neighbors to become a selected audience to a love tri put to music, as Hector sings soulfully Tito Rodriguez's heart-breaking "Inolvidable". But this alone will not do the trick. INSIDE THE HOUSE ( different exterior LOCATION 7?) Puchi listens. Hector explains Hector.
82) 0) text: Discouraged FANS leave the club. A disgusted Willie and T Band are leaving as well. They stand on the sidewalk as t band boy lines up the INSTRUMENT CASES. Hector pulls up in his Caddy, double parks. Hector gets out of the car, stoned, crazed. He walks over to Willie who doesn't even acknowledge him.
82) 2) dialog: You're right, I won't. Willie walks down the sidewalk. Hector follows.
82) 4) dialog: Hector, I can't deal with this shit anymore man...tu sabe? I quit. The band is yours. 62.
82) 6) dialog: Good for you. It's your band. Hector, I can't work with your crazy shit anymore, man. I'm a musician too, remember? I don't like being the 'straight guy', cause I'm not...
82) 15) dialog: I told Ralphy to cancel all our gigs. I'm moving on. You do the same. I'll work with you, but not on the same stage. I'm around for you anywhere else... Willie smiles, understanding, but terminal.
82) 16) dialog: ...we're family. He drives off. Hector stands stunned, his whole world roc by his own disorder.
87) 0) text: Hector and 'his' band are playing a slow Bolero. He looks alone on stage. Willie's is a confusing loss, another rejection, another brother gone. Now he's a more 'sophisticated' Hector, with the sins and the fads of the moment. Cool, aloof, hardly moving, just the necessary sway for the song...and the mood. Less is more. And the people like him more. The more drama, the more they love him. He has the money, the habit, a future and all the trouble success requires sometimes...but something is off tonight
103) 0) text: A seven minute masterpiece arranged and produced by his o friend Willie Colon. Hector sings his heart out in his mo personal song ever.
136) 0) text: The new place looks a mess. Hector, in a running suit, si in a fog pretending to watch TV. He looks frail, sad and abandoned. Willie is sitting next to him. Hector keeps hi eyes on the TV...where we see RUN DMC in some music show. It's the future in front of their eyes, but neither man s it.
136) 2) dialog: Yeah...and we move on.
136) 4) dialog: Well, I am here....and there are people still waiting for you to... sing again...to see you. They feel for you, man, they've mourned with you...but they need you...these people love you Hector. No matter what. (MORE )
136) 6) dialog: But they're not gonna wait forever You know how it is... (beat) You got a show in Puerto Rico. Take it. That bothers Hector, but he makes no big deal of it.
136) 7) dialog: Let the people know you are alive. Instead he looks at Willie as if he agrees with everythin except for the being alive part.
136) 9) dialog: Great. Biggest decisions ever in life have been made without thinking about them. Chevere. (looking in the eye) Your problem is, that you're a lucky guy. He thinks for a second. Looking straight back at Willie.