0) 228) dialog: Close enough! Bring her out!
0) 229) text: A young woman, no more than seventeen, is brought forth f the cart. Long black hair falls down over a white tunic. dark eyes dart fearfully around in her pale face. She is  half-carried, half dragged to the edge of a steaming crac in the ground where she is manacled to a wooden post. By  lantern-light, Horsrik reads from a parchment scroll.
0) 230) dialog: Now be it known throughout the  kingdom, that this maiden, having  lawfully been chosen by a deed of  fortune and destiny, shall hereby  give up her life for the greater  good of Urland.
0) 231) text: There is a low rumble; the earth shakes. Horsrik glances  nervously around. He carries on by rote.
0) 232) dialog: By this act shall be satisfied the  powers that dwell underground and  the spirits that attend thereto. In  gratitude for this sacrifice His  Majesty has declared the family --  what's the name? --
0) 235) dialog: (rushing it) -- the family Plowman to be free of  obligations, taxations, levys and  imposts for a period not to exceed  five years...
0) 236) text: The horse suddenly rears, and blindfold notwithstanding,  gallops off, dragging the tumbril over the rocks. The men behind Horsrik break ranks and scatter.
0) 237) dialog: -- ordained and signed this day,  etc., Casiodorus, in his glory the  reigning king of this our realm...  his seal, his mark, duly read by  Chancellor Horsrik in his holy name.
0) 238) text: Now Horsrik joins the flight, chasing his men back over t murky horizon.
0) 660) text: Valerian gives Galen a sharp look. Horsrik unrolls a  parchment.
0) 661) dialog: (reading) People of Urland: whereas the peace  of the kingdom has been disrupted by  the mischief of an interloper; and  whereas this interloper being fled;  now therefore, his majesty the King  hereby proclaims the sum of thirty  ducats to be paid to anyone producing  the miscreant Galen Bradwardyn, fraud  enchanter, to our satisfaction.
0) 664) text: Horsrik picks up a wooden staff surmounted by a carved  dragon's head and stirs up the names. This done, a new ch goes up:
0) 666) text: At a signal, a guard comes forward and cuts the sleeve fr Horsrik's right arm. He holds it high. The crowd surges  forward. The atmosphere is full of dread and excitement.  Valerian looking pale and determined, is jostled and push to the edge of the platform.
0) 668) text: The moment has come. Down goes Horsrik's arm and up it co holding one little wooden square, one young woman's fate. expectant hush falls over the mob. The virgins of Urland  tremble and wait.
0) 669) dialog: Now, my countrymen, hear me: behold,  for I am chosen. I shall die that  many may live. I shall lay down my  life for family and fellows. I shall  go to my grave for the love of our  King and his wise policy. And my  name is --
0) 672) text: By now Horsrik is trembling. He stares down at the tile, mouth set in a grim line. The King is getting annoyed. He gestures and the crowd falls silent.
0) 674) dialog: (mastering himself) The name is: Princess Elspeth Ulfilas,  filia regis.
0) 675) text: There is a moment of profound shock. Then a low murmur of wonder moves through the crowd. Galen looks at Valerian; sags with relief. The King turns to his daughter. She sho nothing. He rises from his chair, comes forward and snatc the tile from Horsrik.
0) 758) dialog: Now be it known throughout the  kingdom, that the Princess, having  been chosen by a deed of fortune and  destiny --
0) 759) text: Horsrik blinks. There's a black stain growing in the midd of the parchment; all at once it bursts into flames. He c out and flings the document away. There follows a flash o light and a puff of smoke and Galen is standing there, as he had materialized out of thin air. Horsrik and his star men backpedal down the slope.
0) 760) dialog: No fire, I beg you.
0) 763) text: That's enough for Horsrik and company: he and the soldier depart.
0) 764) dialog: (over his shoulder) I declare these proceedings duly  ordained...
0) 949) dialog: (loud) All hail Casiodorus Rex -- Dragon  slayer!
0) 951) dialog: (nodding) Hail and praise be!