0) 116) text: Tyrian is a lean, heavily bearded nobleman. There is a co of arms on the shield strapped to the pommel of his saddl
0) 117) dialog: (amiable) Good morning, all.
0) 119) dialog: Why, the road is yours. All the way  to Urland. It's a long journey, isn't  it? But when you're in search of a  sorcerer, I suppose no distance is  too great.
0) 124) dialog: Well, like my good friends here,  I've come for a bit of black magic.  No doubt you've heard of our troubles  at home. This is Cragganmore, is it  not?
0) 126) text: Tyrian dismounts and saunters up to the old magician.
0) 127) dialog: And here we have the mystical presence  himself, no?
0) 129) dialog: If he's ready to lay a dragon in its  grave, he's got nothing to fear from  me. (turns to the Urlanders) I've no more love for that creature  than you lot. Nor has the King. But,  before you stir things up, don't you  think it a good idea to see you've  got the right man for the job?
0) 131) dialog: I'm sure you don't. They never do  tests -- and not many real deeds  either. Oh, conversation with your  grandmother's shade in a darkened  room, the odd love potion or two...  but comes a doubter, well then, it's  the wrong day, the planets are not  aligned, the entrails aren't  favorable, we don't do tests.
0) 138) text: Galen dashes into the castle. Ulrich gazes almost shyly a Tyrian.
0) 145) text: Galen hesitates, then tosses it. Tumbling end over end, i arcs downward. The old conjurer calmly stretches out a ha and plucks it neatly out of the air. Galen watches as Ulr passes the weapon to Tyrian and strips back his robe expo a bony chest. Galen knows what's coming. He rushes for th door. He's only a step away when it bangs shut of its own accord. He sprints for a second exit. Whack! This door sl shut too. Locked in. Quick, back to the window and climb  down the vine... Smack! the heavy shutters seal him in.
0) 148) text: Everyone is filled with dread. Hodge is shaking. From the castle come the rattling of shutters and Galen's muffled  cries. A sick sarcastic smile has crept over Tyrian's lip He tenses himself to thrust.
0) 246) text: Tyrian wipes his mouth unhurriedly and strolls over to lo Far below, half hidden by trees, the little company of  Urlanders winds its way through the forest. A frown creeps over Tyrian's face.
0) 247) dialog: Who's that old man?
0) 249) dialog: That one. That's the man from  Cragganmore. Now what's he doing  here?
0) 251) dialog: (weary) What a pity.
0) 425) dialog: A celebration! Don't stop on my  account. You -- musicians, more music!
0) 427) dialog: A toast! To the deed of the day! You  see, good news travels fast. The  King himself has already heard it.  And like yourselves, tonight he's  overcome with joy.
0) 429) dialog: Not a thing. It's this one. (he gestures toward  Galen) The King would meet our new benefactor  and offer his gratitude to the man  who succeeded where so many have  failed.
0) 431) text: Tyrian's smile freezes on his face. He steps in front of  Galen, towering over him.
0) 432) dialog: My young friend, I'd as soon dispatch  you as I did the others, and for the  same reason. But his Majesty would  like a cozy chat, and commands  otherwise.
0) 434) text: Tyrian regards her coolly, taking in her change of costum and its meaning.
0) 435) dialog: Well, well: still plenty of cheek  under those skirts, it seems.
0) 449) text: He mutters an incantation. In the audience, Tyrian notes  that Galen has his hand wrapped around the amulet. There a loud clatter as the heavy oak table before the throne b to jitter and buck. As the wine spills and plates go flyi the King wearily raises a hand.
0) 470) dialog: Thank you.
0) 513) text: The King and Tyrian glance up at her.
0) 519) text: Tyrian bows and exits. The King uses his sceptre to pick the amulet and chain. He conceals it in a hollowed-out bo and places the volume on a shelf among many others.
0) 537) dialog: You little meddler! It's alive!
0) 540) dialog: Close the main gate! Quick!
0) 542) dialog: There! Stop him!
0) 548) dialog: Get him! Stab the horse!
0) 552) text: Tyrian sweeps in with his men. The doors slam shut.
0) 554) text: Galen is trapped. Just as Tyrian reaches for the horse's  reins, the animal rears up, rolling its eyes. At that mom the floor heaves and cracks in a new series of shocks. Th men at arms go down like ten pins. Tyrian reels back, dod stone blocks loosened from the ceiling. As the shaking  continues, a weakened section of wall gives way. Galen se daylight! Without even waiting for the quake to cease, he prods the horse across the room and through the wall to  freedom.
0) 605) dialog: Where is he?
0) 612) dialog: As the proud new father of an eligible  daughter who was some-how overlooked  all these years, it may interest you  to know that the King has called for  a new lottery.
0) 614) dialog: In view of what's happened, we all  know what's required.
0) 616) dialog: You were very clever. But she'll  take part, like all the rest. No  exceptions.
0) 619) text: Tyrian nods and leads the way out. Simon catches up and p Tyrian aside at the door.
0) 621) dialog: Are you offering me a bribe?
0) 623) dialog: Don't waste your time. (pause) You could never afford it.
0) 698) text: Galen whirls around to find the King standing in the door The monarch looks shattered. Galen edges toward the split the wall and finds that it has been shored up with timber At that moment Tyrian comes through the door, sizes up th situation and draws his sword.
0) 700) dialog: (pushing by the King) I think not!
0) 702) text: The King's voice is cracking. Galen and Tyrian are equall taken aback. The King searches through the books remainin on the library shelves.
0) 705) dialog: Sire!
0) 765) text: Only one man remains behind the challenge the young sorce Tyrian. He draws his sword.
0) 766) dialog: I knew I'd find you here. Well, I'm  not as sentimental as some. The  kingdom, every one of us, need this  sacrifice. If you intend to interfere,  you'll have to kill me.
0) 769) dialog: Most impressive. Can you use it?
0) 772) text: Galen starts to reply, but as soon as his attention waver Tyrian is lunging toward him, sword point directed at his neck. Galen barely manages to parry the thrust before Tyr is at him again, blade swinging toward his knees. Galen d the tip of his sword to catch the blow. When the two stee edges connect, sparks fly. In a series of thrusts and cou thrusts, each accompanied by a shower of sparks, Tyrian b Galen up the mountain.
0) 775) dialog: In a trice! This is no swords-man.
0) 776) text: He might be right, for Galen turns and bolts across the s When he reaches the post with Tyrian two steps behind, he whirls and brings his blade down on Princess Elspeth's ch The chains part in an explosion of sparks.
0) 778) text: The Princess darts from the piling as Tyrian swoops down continue the attack. Galen dodges and the stake catches  Tyrian's blow. The earth shakes again. Galen glances at t Princess.
0) 780) text: Elspeth is not running away down the mountain. Instead sh is walking, slowly and deliberately, right into the smoki cave. Swoosh! Tyrian's sword comes down again. The dismay sorcerer ducks back and Tyrian's blade again bites deep i the wood.
0) 781) dialog: You've failed, my friend, and I thank  the gods for it. Come out from behind  that post.
0) 782) text: It's now or never. Elspeth is no longer in sight. Galen g his teeth, grasps the sword with two hands and swings it hard as he can in a wide arc. The blade never even slows  down as it sails right through the post, lopping it clean off. The glowing sword flashes above Galen's head and eag buries itself in Tyrian's chest. The King's man is as sta by the amputated piling as he is by his own death. His ey roll up in his head, his knees buckle and he topples back the blade sliding free.