5) 23) dialog: My, I never knew he had such a pretty great granddaughter. Cheyenne smiles.
5) 25) dialog: Yes, he owned eighty acres. Cheyenne has no idea how much that is, but it sounds impressive. 13.
5) 27) dialog: Yes, it is. He looks up at Audrey as he hands her the key. MR. PENDLETON (CONT’D) Do you have any plans for it if he leaves it to you? Audrey stares at the key, cautious about her words.
5) 29) dialog: Well, the will won't be officially executed until next week. We'll go over the specifics then. Audrey glances down at Cheyenne, smiles awkwardly. Mr. Pendleton picks up on her distress. MR. PENDLETON (CONT’D) I was at the funeral. I don’t know if you saw me.
5) 31) dialog: You know, I worked with your grandfather on my very first job. We were just boys.
5) 33) dialog: Picking the best corn we ever ate. Audrey smiles. Mr. Pendleton turns to Cheyenne. 14. MR. PENDLETON (CONT’D) The first time I saw your mother, she was younger than you are now.
5) 35) dialog: And do you know, she ran away from me? Cheyenne giggles. Audrey tries to recall.
5) 37) dialog: I stopped by for a visit one day. They said you took time to warm up to people. After about ten minutes, I caught you spying on me from the corner of the house. Another ten minutes and you were offering me a cup of pretend tea. Audrey and Cheyenne laugh. MR. PENDLETON (CONT’D) By the time I left, you were hanging onto my neck. They had to pull you off me.
5) 39) dialog: Oh yeah. You were a clever one too. You used a coffee can lid for a Frisbee and got it stuck on the roof. You tied a rope to a baseball mitt and threw it up there.
5) 42) dialog: She sure did. As the laughter subsides, Mr. Pendleton gives Audrey a sympathetic look. 15. MR. PENDLETON (CONT’D) An answer has no purpose without a problem, you know. Audrey stares at him, perceiving he’s referring to her current situation now.
5) 44) dialog: Oh, I think a clever girl will find one. Sometimes you just need to repurpose a few things.
5) 46) dialog: Leave it to the wind. It’1l eventually blow off whatever’s on the roof.
5) 48) dialog: But you come back. His words lift Audrey's spirits a little. She glances at key and returns a fragile smile.
32) 8) dialog: And so this concludes his last will and testament. The house is officially yours. the folder. MR. PENDLETON (CONT’D) I’m not sure if you'll want to live in it now or not, given all that’s happened. But it’s yours to do with as you please. Are there any questions? Audrey and Cheyenne, dressed nicely, sit across from him. Audrey is
32) 10) dialog: Water rights? Your grandfather got his water from the district. confused. This is news to her.
32) 12) dialog: Yes, when you were a child, maybe. But he switched to district water over twenty years ago. He was too old to maintain the pipes.
32) 14) dialog: The state. The law is that if water rights aren’t exercised for five years or more, they go into forfeiture. 105.
32) 16) dialog: I don’t know. He would have been nearly eighty when it went into forfeiture. It’s entirely possible he couldn’t read or understand the notices.
32) 18) dialog: He could have gotten them from the state. Anyone could.
32) 20) dialog: Yes, anyone. Audrey stares, completely flabbergasted. She can’t proces it. Mr. Pendleton becomes concerned. MR. PENDLETON (CONT’D) Are you okay? She doesn’t answer. She just stares, distant. MR. PENDLETON (CONT’D) Audrey? Finally, Audrey breaks down. She buries her face in her h and cries. It upsets Cheyenne.
32) 22) dialog: It'll be all right. You can sell off some of the trees to the sawmill. That should get you by.