6) 7) text: Table's cold anyway. FRANK
7) 3) dialog: Catching up on current events? Danny lowers the paper; Frank is sitting across from him, changed out of his dealer's threads.
7) 5) dialog: Glad to meet you. Frank Catton wouldn't get by the gaming board. (beat)
7) 8) dialog: (re: Danny's drink and whereabouts)
7) 9) text: And already turning over a new leaf. Frank signals a passing waitress; she ignores him.
7) 12) dialog: Last I heard he was in L.A. Teaching movie stars how to play cards. (beat)
7) 17) dialog: Jesus...
8) 0) text: MOVING WITH Danny and Frank.
8) 1) dialog: It's tough now, our line of work. Everybody so serious. Too many guns, too many computers. Whadda you gonna do? Steal from ordinary people?
8) 3) dialog: So what's left? Banks? Hah. Banks got no money. It's all electronic. Only place that still takes cash is...
8) 5) dialog: (realizing) Oh, no...
8) 7) dialog: When?
8) 9) text: Frank smiles.    Danny has his answer.
24) 0) text: Frank Catton coughs mightily into a handkerchief.   Acros a desk, his boss fills out paperwork.
25) 0) text: Frank carries his bag toward the taxi bay. He stops to light a cigarette, inhales with deep satisfaction before a banner: "WELCOME TO LAS VEGAS."
43) 0) text: Frank Catton is already here, mixing a drink, when -- DING DONG -- the DOORBELL CHIMES. Tishkoff shuffles toward the front (he's given the help the night off) and opens his door to find...
44) 7) text: At the wet bar, Basher mixes a drink for Livingston; on a couch, Yen balances coffee-table ornaments into a skyscraper, to Frank's astonishment. In a corner, off on his own, Linus watches the company, his eyes narrowing, wary. Until...
44) 17) text: And he follows, along with Frank and Livingston. Then Virgil, Turk and Yen. Then Saul. That leaves Linus, watching the line of men disappear. He turns to find Tishkoff by his side, staring at him.
47) 0) text: Two security TECHNICIANS on a smoke break grumble about their sex lives. Across the room, Frank sits innocently doing a crossword.
52) 0) text: ... as we join a lap dance already in progress. A security Technician (one of the two Frank eavesdropped on in the break room) shells out twenty bucks every three minutes for a DANCER to grind her pelvis against his chest... ... and while the Technician grins not-very-soberly and ogles her perfect breasts and paws at her midriff, the Dancer secretly removes the keycard from his belt.
74) 0) text: Outside a window: Turk and Virgil jump up and down on opposite bumpers of a van, testing its durability. Inside, Frank negotiates with BILLY TIM, a Cal- Worthingtonesque redneck car dealer, who half-pays attention to him, half-frets over the Malloys outside.
74) 2) dialog: (playing a bit of a dandy) Oh, I understand perfectly. They are beautiful vans. Well, I thank you for your time, Mister...?
74) 4) dialog: Yes, Denham, like a jean. (they shake) You know: you have lovely hands -- do you moisturize?
74) 8) dialog: I swear by it. I try all sorts of lotions. I went through a fragrance-free period last year, but now I'm liking this new brand fortified with rose hip. My sister, you know, she uses the aloe vera with the sun screen built in...
74) 10) dialog: I did. You know: they say cinnamon is wonderful for your pores. Read that on the internet. And that ideally you should be wearing gloves to bed, but I find that would interfere with my social agenda. Problem is: I get a reaction to camphor so I can't use traditional remedies...
74) 12) dialog: (big smile) That would be lovely.
86) 0) text: A facsimile of the Bellagio vault sprouts into shape. Livingston fixes a security camera in a corner, then matches its image (of Frank staple-gunning floorboard into place) to a security tape of the real McCoy. On the other side of the garage, Turk and Virgil go to work on their newly-purchased vans, with wrenches and blow torches. Tishkoff recognizes a gasket Virgil handles.
92) 5) dialog: Bank wins -- natural nine.
99) 1) dialog: Fin says he shorts it.
99) 3) text: From a dead squat, Yen leaps, hands first, from the cash cart to a ledge five yards away, and grips it safely with both hands without touching the floor. From this position, he'll inch his way to a counter, then, to the door... Frank pays up. Behind him, a DOOR SLAMS, and he turns to see Basher, at last. Sniffing the air, he double-takes -- Basher's covered head-to-toe in sewage.
126) 0) text: Frank deals blackjack to a full table. His eyes gaze past his players to Saul, the guards and Benedict passing by.
126) 1) dialog: (as he busts)
140) 5) text: He passes.    The Pit Boss returns with Frank in tow.
140) 7) dialog: What's this about?
140) 11) text: Linus and Benedict lead Frank away.       As they pass an elevator... ... its doors open, revealing Turk and Virgil, dressed now as security guards, pushing out the false-lid cash cart. They leave behind a pile of dishes, waiter uniforms, a tablecloth.
142) 0) text: Frank stands at attention before Linus and Benedict. Linus, straddling a desk, takes a beeper off his belt when it pinches him. Benedict checks his watch: the fight's opening bell is growing closer and closer.
142) 10) dialog: (under his breath) Goddamn cracker...
142) 12) dialog: (leering at Linus, simmering) You heard me. Just 'cause a black man tries to earn a decent wage in this state...
142) 14) dialog: (over him, ranting) ... some cracker cowboy like you's gotta kick him out on the street. Want me to jump down, turn around, pick a bale of cotton, won't let me deal cards, might as well call it whitejack.
142) 16) text: That does it: Frank attacks Linus, lunging at the man, and as Benedict steps in to separate the two...
142) 19) dialog: Okay, okay, I'm cool.
148) 0) text: and counting. Benedict exits the casino Manager's office with Linus and Frank. Benedict hails two GUARDS...
148) 3) dialog: (as he's led away, over his shoulder, to Linus)
149) 0) text: and counting. The Guards show Frank out.     Frank tries to tip them...
149) 1) dialog: Thanks, fellas. ... but they snarl at him before returning inside.   Fran smiles and goes on his way, his job complete.
181) 0) text: Livingston watches this on his monitors, just coming back on, his finger poised on a play button, as Frank comes in the door.
181) 1) dialog: Are they in?
191) 0) text: Frank and Livingston watch nervously.
191) 1) dialog: Fin says he shorts it.
193) 0) text: Frank and Livingston exhale.
194) 0) text: As Basher enters, Livingston and Frank watch on a monitor Linus punching in the combination he stole from Benedict as Danny unravels a thin electrical wire connected to a detonator.
194) 1) dialog: That's it?
201) 0) text: Livingston, Frank, and Basher watch the monitors in disbelief... Saul enters, alive and dressed as himself again.      His job is complete.
206) 0) text: Livingston, Frank, Saul, and Basher watch as the first wave of bills gets tossed onto the vault floor. Smiles all around.
206) 2) dialog: (considers it for a moment) No, I guess not. Not really.
210) 0) text: Frank, Basher and Saul watch over Livingston's shoulder as this phone conversation is broadcast over a small speaker.