20) 0) text: REUBEN TISHKOFF, the grimace of a man in mid-movement, forever cemented on his face, scrutinizes his two lunch guests (Danny and Rusty) at his poolside.
95) 0) text: Just down the block from the Terry Benedict Trinity stands (for a few remaining moments) the edifice of the Paradiso, Reuben Tishkoff's bankrupted hotel-casino. A crowd has gathered to witness its destruction: Terry Benedict, for one, his finger on the button and his face in the spotlight; Tess another, standing (near)by her man; Danny, too, hidden within the masses, eyes fixed on his ex; and Linus, who keeps a steady bead on Danny.
95) 3) dialog: Go shit in your mouth. Tess, her eyes roaming the crowd, finds a pair staring back at her: Danny's. She holds his glance a moment -- long enough for both Linus and Benedict to notice -- before turning away, to... ... Benedict, who puts his public smile back on and steps up to a podium alongside MIKE TYSON and LENNOX LEWIS, and together they all put their hands on "the plunger" and Benedict leans into a microphone...
95) 5) dialog: G'bye, honey...
100) 4) text: Reuben leans into Livingston...
100) 5) dialog: You understand any of this?
141) 0) text: and counting. A MAITRE D' scours his reservations list, then peers up to find Reuben Tishkoff approaching, on either side of him two gorgeous young women, all blonde hair and breasts and legs, women who wouldn't give Hefner the time of day.
141) 7) text: Reuben can't help but stare as Tess passes by. His eyes linger a little too long and a little too low...
141) 9) text: Reuben pivots; it's Danny, and he strolls past Reuben and his lady friends and into the restaurant...
141) 14) text: ... Reuben gets brushed from behind by the two Plainclothes Goons following Danny.
141) 36) text: The Plainclothes Goons escort Danny away, right past Reuben who frowns, concerned.
162) 0) text: The boxers enter the ring before a full, cheering house. Benedict and Tess find their ringside seats, a row in front of Reuben and his "nieces."