26) 0) text: CLOSE ON a souped-up tractor-wheeled monster truck, its ENGINE ROARING before a starting line, itching to cross it. Now take a step back... That souped-up monster truck stands a foot-and-a-half off the ground and sprouts an antenna from its back bumper. It's a remote-controlled toy. The ROARING ENGINE comes from the vehicle next to it: an actual monster truck. Both vehicles peer down the track at a finish line a hundred yards away. This is a race. The drivers stare each other down: TURK (behind the wheel of the truck) and VIRGIL (track-side, remote control in hand) MALLOY. They're nice boys. Really. Peckerwoods, sure, but nice.
44) 0) text: Along one wall, a buffet table has been set up, and while Virgil and Turk pile shrimp onto plates, Saul pockets an orange for later.
44) 1) dialog: You make it out to Utah much, Saul?
44) 5) dialog: You should.   You'd like it.   You'd like Provo.
44) 17) text: And he follows, along with Frank and Livingston. Then Virgil, Turk and Yen. Then Saul. That leaves Linus, watching the line of men disappear. He turns to find Tishkoff by his side, staring at him.
45) 27) dialog: You said something about good news...
56) 3) dialog: Who you calling 'pal,' friend?
61) 0) text: ... Virgil and Turk argue, nose-to-nose, "accidentally" blocking the Sentry from the balloons...
61) 2) dialog: Yeah yeah yeah, whatever, balloon boy.
68) 0) text: At last, the Sentry outmaneuvers Virgil and Turk and grabs the balloons himself. Virgil quickly snatches them back...
74) 0) text: Outside a window: Turk and Virgil jump up and down on opposite bumpers of a van, testing its durability. Inside, Frank negotiates with BILLY TIM, a Cal- Worthingtonesque redneck car dealer, who half-pays attention to him, half-frets over the Malloys outside.
77) 5) text: Bought you a fresh roll. The limo pulls to a stop, and outside there is a flurry of FOOTSTEPS before Saul's door swings open, and Turk and Virgil (both costumed as bodyguards) stand waiting for him.
86) 0) text: A facsimile of the Bellagio vault sprouts into shape. Livingston fixes a security camera in a corner, then matches its image (of Frank staple-gunning floorboard into place) to a security tape of the real McCoy. On the other side of the garage, Turk and Virgil go to work on their newly-purchased vans, with wrenches and blow torches. Tishkoff recognizes a gasket Virgil handles.
99) 0) text: The Bellagio vault has been fully reproduced here, and what we've been watching has been a trial run. Ten of the eleven (Turk and Virgil in guard costumes, Basher is still missing) watch from offstage, like a film crew watching a dress rehearsal.
105) 0) text: Turk and Virgil man the front seats as Danny, Basher, Yen and Linus huddle in the back. Basher and Yen both prepare equipment for their raid: hooks and a rope for Yen, a small blowtorch and a drill for Basher.
107) 2) dialog: Yes.    Nineteen.
107) 4) dialog: Yes.    Eighteen.
107) 6) dialog: Shit!   Okay, your turn...
107) 9) dialog: No.    Co-sign squared over .0415.
107) 11) dialog: One-five.
107) 13) dialog: You don't know your string theory, bitch.
107) 18) dialog: She told me she was going to tell you that.
107) 20) dialog: Stop it.
107) 22) dialog: Stop it.
108) 0) text: Turk and Virgil are still wrestling as the trio appears. Danny, Basher and Yen pile in the back...
108) 2) text: Turk floors it, and they're off.
108) 6) text: Turk brakes, and they're not.
108) 19) dialog: Where'd he go?
108) 21) dialog: (off Danny's look) What? (then, realizing their goof, to his brother, remonstratively) Would you -- shouldn't someone be behind the wheel?
124) 13) dialog: They're in position.
125) 0) text: A white, unmarked van pulls in from the street and races up to the curb where Saul and Benedict wait. Turk Malloy gets out the passenger's side, a briefcase handcuffed to his wrist, as Virgil comes around from the driver's side, both of them dressed in their bodyguard suits.
125) 1) dialog: Mr. Zerga.   A gift from Mr. Hesse. Turk extends the briefcase to Saul, so that they both clasp the handle, as Virgil produces a key, unlocks the cuff on Turk's wrist, transfers it to Saul's, clamps it shut, and hands Saul the key.
126) 8) text: Saul turns to dismiss Virgil and Turk when... ... passing by, on his way to a sports betting window, an old RACETRACK DENIZEN happens past this cabal and, worse yet, happens to recognize Saul.
126) 14) text: An order: dispose of this man. Virgil and Turk pick up the Denizen by his elbows and haul him away.
128) 0) text: Turk and Virgil's white van whips around a corner and shoots inside...
129) 0) text: Of which, importantly, we never see the exterior, just an air freshener hanging from the rearview mirror... The white VAN SCREECHES to a halt inches from Basher who stands ready beside the pinch (and the now-gutted and dismantled mockup of the Bellagio vault) and faster than a NASCAR pit crew Basher, Turk and Virgil load the pinch into the white van's rear and before you can say "electromagnetic pulse" the VAN SCREECHES back out of the warehouse fully loaded. The time is 7:16.
131) 0) text: The white van slows enough to unload Virgil and Turk, changed into waiter uniforms, and they hurry a table- clothed room service cart inside as Basher pulls away.
133) 5) text: Rusty checks through the peephole, then ushers in Turk and Virgil in costume with their room service cart.
133) 6) dialog: Who ordered the penne?
133) 7) text: Livingston raises a hand, and as Turk serves him his plate, Virgil whips off the cart's tablecloth: underneath it's the false-lid cash cart. Rusty turns to a corner.
137) 0) text: The time is 7:27. Yen tucks himself into the cash cart's hidden compartment with a slim oxygen tank for company. Meanwhile, Rusty drills Virgil and Turk...
137) 4) dialog: Not until we get your signal.
137) 10) text: On "now" a RUNNING CLOCK APPEARS ON-SCREEN, descending from 29:59. It will REMAIN there for the duration of the pre-pinch heist, jumping at times BETWEEN SCENES. Rusty seals Yen inside the cash cart, then gives the top a tug: it's shut tight. As Virgil redresses it with the tablecloth, Turk snatches back Livingston's penne on the way to the door.
140) 11) text: Linus and Benedict lead Frank away.       As they pass an elevator... ... its doors open, revealing Turk and Virgil, dressed now as security guards, pushing out the false-lid cash cart. They leave behind a pile of dishes, waiter uniforms, a tablecloth.
144) 0) text: Two guards stand sentry outside the cage door. Virgil and Turk move up with their cash cart, and when Virgil reaches for his keycard... it's gone.
144) 6) text: The sentry nods, swipes his keycard, and enters with the cash cart. Turk and Virgil hesitate a moment to watch it enter, then hurry off. OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01
239) 3) dialog: dressed as a SWAT member, hustles down a cage corridor.
240) 0) text: The SWAT team exits and boards the second vehicle Turk and Virgil have been working on all this time, the one in the warehouse with an air freshener hanging from its rearview mirror: it's a replica of a SWAT van. Turk takes the wheel as the others jump in the back. Rusty flips open another cell phone...
240) 2) text: Hit it. Turk hits the gas and the VEHICLE PEELS away, carrying it cadre of new multi-millionaires far away from the Bellagio Hotel and Casino.