26) 0) text: CLOSE ON a souped-up tractor-wheeled monster truck, its ENGINE ROARING before a starting line, itching to cross it. Now take a step back... That souped-up monster truck stands a foot-and-a-half off the ground and sprouts an antenna from its back bumper. It's a remote-controlled toy. The ROARING ENGINE comes from the vehicle next to it: an actual monster truck. Both vehicles peer down the track at a finish line a hundred yards away. This is a race. The drivers stare each other down: TURK (behind the wheel of the truck) and VIRGIL (track-side, remote control in hand) MALLOY. They're nice boys. Really. Peckerwoods, sure, but nice.
44) 0) text: Along one wall, a buffet table has been set up, and while Virgil and Turk pile shrimp onto plates, Saul pockets an orange for later.
44) 6) dialog: (scarfing a jumbo shrimp) Anybody see the salsa goes with this?
44) 17) text: And he follows, along with Frank and Livingston. Then Virgil, Turk and Yen. Then Saul. That leaves Linus, watching the line of men disappear. He turns to find Tishkoff by his side, staring at him.
45) 29) text: MOVING AROUND the table ON ten faces, as everyone does precisely that, in their heads, except for Virgil who does it on his fingers. He whistles.
56) 0) text: The SENTRY (#433) hears this and spots the balloons covering the embedded camera and approaches the delivery boy (who by freak accident happens to be Virgil Malloy)...
56) 2) dialog: Who you calling 'bud,' pal?
56) 4) dialog: Who you calling 'friend'... (can't think of another)
61) 0) text: ... Virgil and Turk argue, nose-to-nose, "accidentally" blocking the Sentry from the balloons...
61) 1) dialog: You hear about this new medical discovery they made? It's called a 'sense of direction.' Apparently we're all supposed to have one...
68) 0) text: At last, the Sentry outmaneuvers Virgil and Turk and grabs the balloons himself. Virgil quickly snatches them back...
68) 1) dialog: Hey... get your own balloons.
74) 0) text: Outside a window: Turk and Virgil jump up and down on opposite bumpers of a van, testing its durability. Inside, Frank negotiates with BILLY TIM, a Cal- Worthingtonesque redneck car dealer, who half-pays attention to him, half-frets over the Malloys outside.
77) 5) text: Bought you a fresh roll. The limo pulls to a stop, and outside there is a flurry of FOOTSTEPS before Saul's door swings open, and Turk and Virgil (both costumed as bodyguards) stand waiting for him.
77) 6) dialog: Mr. Zerga, we're here.
86) 0) text: A facsimile of the Bellagio vault sprouts into shape. Livingston fixes a security camera in a corner, then matches its image (of Frank staple-gunning floorboard into place) to a security tape of the real McCoy. On the other side of the garage, Turk and Virgil go to work on their newly-purchased vans, with wrenches and blow torches. Tishkoff recognizes a gasket Virgil handles.
86) 2) dialog: Off your Rolls.
99) 0) text: The Bellagio vault has been fully reproduced here, and what we've been watching has been a trial run. Ten of the eleven (Turk and Virgil in guard costumes, Basher is still missing) watch from offstage, like a film crew watching a dress rehearsal.
105) 0) text: Turk and Virgil man the front seats as Danny, Basher, Yen and Linus huddle in the back. Basher and Yen both prepare equipment for their raid: hooks and a rope for Yen, a small blowtorch and a drill for Basher.
107) 1) dialog: Are you a man?
107) 3) dialog: Are you alive?
107) 5) dialog: Evel Knievel.
107) 8) dialog: Co-sign squared over .0455.
107) 10) dialog: .04-five-five.
107) 12) dialog: You're so wrong.
107) 17) dialog: Mom told me she loves me more.
107) 21) dialog: Make me.
107) 23) dialog: Make me.
108) 0) text: Turk and Virgil are still wrestling as the trio appears. Danny, Basher and Yen pile in the back...
108) 13) dialog: One of us should help him.
110) 2) text: Virgil leaps into the driver's seat, shifts into reverse.
111) 4) text: Linus scrambles back over the van, and Danny and Yen pull him in. Virgil hits the gas for a quick getaway, but he does so before the rear doors are closed, and one of them slams shut right on Yen's hand -- CRUNCH!
125) 0) text: A white, unmarked van pulls in from the street and races up to the curb where Saul and Benedict wait. Turk Malloy gets out the passenger's side, a briefcase handcuffed to his wrist, as Virgil comes around from the driver's side, both of them dressed in their bodyguard suits.
126) 8) text: Saul turns to dismiss Virgil and Turk when... ... passing by, on his way to a sports betting window, an old RACETRACK DENIZEN happens past this cabal and, worse yet, happens to recognize Saul.
126) 14) text: An order: dispose of this man. Virgil and Turk pick up the Denizen by his elbows and haul him away.
128) 0) text: Turk and Virgil's white van whips around a corner and shoots inside...
129) 0) text: Of which, importantly, we never see the exterior, just an air freshener hanging from the rearview mirror... The white VAN SCREECHES to a halt inches from Basher who stands ready beside the pinch (and the now-gutted and dismantled mockup of the Bellagio vault) and faster than a NASCAR pit crew Basher, Turk and Virgil load the pinch into the white van's rear and before you can say "electromagnetic pulse" the VAN SCREECHES back out of the warehouse fully loaded. The time is 7:16.
131) 0) text: The white van slows enough to unload Virgil and Turk, changed into waiter uniforms, and they hurry a table- clothed room service cart inside as Basher pulls away.
133) 5) text: Rusty checks through the peephole, then ushers in Turk and Virgil in costume with their room service cart.
133) 7) text: Livingston raises a hand, and as Turk serves him his plate, Virgil whips off the cart's tablecloth: underneath it's the false-lid cash cart. Rusty turns to a corner.
137) 0) text: The time is 7:27. Yen tucks himself into the cash cart's hidden compartment with a slim oxygen tank for company. Meanwhile, Rusty drills Virgil and Turk...
137) 5) dialog: Hey. What do we look like: a couple of peckerwood jackasses or something?
137) 10) text: On "now" a RUNNING CLOCK APPEARS ON-SCREEN, descending from 29:59. It will REMAIN there for the duration of the pre-pinch heist, jumping at times BETWEEN SCENES. Rusty seals Yen inside the cash cart, then gives the top a tug: it's shut tight. As Virgil redresses it with the tablecloth, Turk snatches back Livingston's penne on the way to the door.
140) 11) text: Linus and Benedict lead Frank away.       As they pass an elevator... ... its doors open, revealing Turk and Virgil, dressed now as security guards, pushing out the false-lid cash cart. They leave behind a pile of dishes, waiter uniforms, a tablecloth.
144) 0) text: Two guards stand sentry outside the cage door. Virgil and Turk move up with their cash cart, and when Virgil reaches for his keycard... it's gone.
144) 1) dialog: Aw, I think... Jesus.    I lost my card.
144) 4) dialog: I think... Jesus! I lost my keycard.
144) 6) text: The sentry nods, swipes his keycard, and enters with the cash cart. Turk and Virgil hesitate a moment to watch it enter, then hurry off. OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01
166) 5) dialog: (to Turk) I told you to hurry.
233) 18) text: Virgil brings the van to a stop, then readies a distinctive red button on his remote.
240) 0) text: The SWAT team exits and boards the second vehicle Turk and Virgil have been working on all this time, the one in the warehouse with an air freshener hanging from its rearview mirror: it's a replica of a SWAT van. Turk takes the wheel as the others jump in the back. Rusty flips open another cell phone...