33) 2) text: Ladies and gentlemen: the amazing Yen. A funambulist (YEN) begins his high-wire act...
43) 2) text: ... Livingston, Basher, Yen, the Malloys, Saul and Linus crowding his doormat. A taxi-van pulls away behind them.
44) 7) text: At the wet bar, Basher mixes a drink for Livingston; on a couch, Yen balances coffee-table ornaments into a skyscraper, to Frank's astonishment. In a corner, off on his own, Linus watches the company, his eyes narrowing, wary. Until...
44) 17) text: And he follows, along with Frank and Livingston. Then Virgil, Turk and Yen. Then Saul. That leaves Linus, watching the line of men disappear. He turns to find Tishkoff by his side, staring at him.
73) 0) text: The gang hauls building materials -- lumber, tools, paint, etc. -- and Yen hauls three times his share, carrying objects on his head/shoulders/arms, a circus act in a hardware store.
98) 2) text: Two guards wheel in a cash cart and leave it in the vault's center and march out again, closing the thick metal door behind them. When the vault LOCKS CLICK... ... We STOP DESCENDING, just above the cash cart. There is silence for a spell, the lights flicker out, then... ... the false top of the cart springs open, revealing Yen within, folded neatly.
99) 3) text: From a dead squat, Yen leaps, hands first, from the cash cart to a ledge five yards away, and grips it safely with both hands without touching the floor. From this position, he'll inch his way to a counter, then, to the door... Frank pays up. Behind him, a DOOR SLAMS, and he turns to see Basher, at last. Sniffing the air, he double-takes -- Basher's covered head-to-toe in sewage.
105) 0) text: Turk and Virgil man the front seats as Danny, Basher, Yen and Linus huddle in the back. Basher and Yen both prepare equipment for their raid: hooks and a rope for Yen, a small blowtorch and a drill for Basher.
106) 0) text: Danny picks a lock, then he, Yen, and Basher disappear into the lab's interior.
108) 0) text: Turk and Virgil are still wrestling as the trio appears. Danny, Basher and Yen pile in the back...
111) 4) text: Linus scrambles back over the van, and Danny and Yen pull him in. Virgil hits the gas for a quick getaway, but he does so before the rear doors are closed, and one of them slams shut right on Yen's hand -- CRUNCH!
111) 5) dialog: Ahhh!
112) 0) text: as it hurtles away. Basher tends to Yen, cradling his hand, and Danny stares down Linus, breathless.
133) 9) text: In it, Yen finishes bandaging his busted hand and nods.
137) 0) text: The time is 7:27. Yen tucks himself into the cash cart's hidden compartment with a slim oxygen tank for company. Meanwhile, Rusty drills Virgil and Turk...
137) 10) text: On "now" a RUNNING CLOCK APPEARS ON-SCREEN, descending from 29:59. It will REMAIN there for the duration of the pre-pinch heist, jumping at times BETWEEN SCENES. Rusty seals Yen inside the cash cart, then gives the top a tug: it's shut tight. As Virgil redresses it with the tablecloth, Turk snatches back Livingston's penne on the way to the door.
152) 0) text: A guard wheels in the Yen-filled cash cart, parks it in a station next to its twin, then -- as an afterthought -- plants Saul's briefcase right on top if it -- clunk -- an unforeseen obstacle to Yen's escape.
165) 3) text: C'mon: Yen's got about three minutes of air left.
166) 0) text: Rusty, playing doctor, inspects Saul. At the same time, he inspects a monitor: the vault door closing with the Yen-filled cash cart and Saul's briefcase inside. Rusty stops, listens to Saul's chest, then drops his head...
180) 0) text: Lights are just flickering on here when... ... the false lid of the cash cart thrust upward slightly. It's Yen trying to get out, out of air and only now alert to Saul's heavy case resting atop him.
181) 9) text: His eyes fixing on Saul's briefcase pushing closer to the edge of the cash cart as Yen tries to free himself.
185) 0) text: Yen continues to push up on the cash cart lid, and the more he pushes, the more Saul's briefcase slides off. Yen stretches his hand out to grab it, but it's slid beyond his reach, to the edge of falling.
188) 0) text: Saul's briefcase inches closer to falling off the cash ca which of course would trigger the floor sensor and termin this heist here and now. Yen's hand stretches farther out grab it, pushing up just a little more on the false lid until... ... the briefcase tumbles toward the floor... ... but not before Yen snags the handcuff chain attached it and swings it round. He's got it. That threat over, he throws open the cash cart lid and takes the biggest breat of his life.
190) 0) text: Yen now sits perched atop the cash cart, Saul's briefcase opened beside him (he has removed half of Lyman's "emeralds"). He hears the muffled Danny's slaps and he knows: it's time for his leap. It's the same distance as the leap he made in the practice session, but this time he's only got one good hand.
192) 0) text: Yen prepares for his leap, then springs... ... across the room, to the ledge he must grab... ... and he grabs it, but with only one hand he's slipping right away, and in a second he'll hit the sensored floor... ... but, in a flash, he spins and splits his legs, propping himself up between two walls, inches above the floor. An acrobatic wonder.
194) 3) text: He punches up the image of Yen in the vault.
195) 0) text: Yen sets the last of Lyman's emeralds against the vault door like a plastic explosive... which, of course, it is. He affixes a detonator receiver (the size of a golf ball pencil) to it, then slaps the door twice: all set.
196) 0) text: Yen starts his retreat from the door, but gets yanked back. His hand's bandage is caught on the door.
197) 0) text: Yen tries to free himself, but he can't use his other hand lest he drop to the floor. He tries gnawing at his bandage, which brings his face within inches of a plastic explosive.
199) 0) text: Yen finally frees himself just as -- -- ZOOMING INTO a plastic explosive --
200) 0) text: Yen, still on the door, remains frozen.       Trembling. A beat. Then, he starts to creep back, leaping onto a money shelf, then another, as far from the explosives as he can get.
203) 0) text: Yen catches his breath on the far end of the room. He hears the slap, rolls his eyes, and ducks out of the line of fire.
205) 2) text: Linus goes to one of the racks and tentatively opens it... Yen pops up from within, his hair on end, looking like he just dropped out of a cyclone.
205) 3) dialog: (his only English) Where the fuck you been?
239) 8) dialog: lights a short fuse leading into the vault... OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 4/16/01                              14