0) 2) dialog: They're calling it what? Flying the chopper is self-made billionaire CARL HURLEY (30's). Faded jeans and a t-shirt with ‘MY OTHER HELICOPT IS A JET’ printed across the front.
0) 4) dialog: Goddamn it!
0) 6) dialog: They can all go to hell.
0) 9) dialog: Shut it.
0) 11) dialog: Take over. Keep the horizon above the dash, like I told you. Josh flashes a quick look at Victoria, lowering his shade he grabs the CYCLIC STICK. He’s obviously trying to impre her.
0) 14) dialog: Give me that piece of crap. Victoria shakes her head wearily and tightens her seat be Carl snatches the newspaper and gazes down at the headlin DELVING INTO DEBT. A caricature of Carl, wearing SCUBA EQUIPMENT as he studies a FINANCIAL FLOW CHART hung outsi cave. Another DIVER informs him “That ain’t your dive profile: it’s your share value”. Josh glances at the cartoon and shares a smile with Victo The chopper wobbles slightly. Josh blushes as he snaps hi attention back to flying.
0) 15) dialog: This expedition’s been a cluster fuck from start to finish. No disrespect, Josh, but your father’s full of shit.
0) 17) dialog: The world’s greatest cave diver. All he can find down there are dead- ends. No wonder we lost press coverage
0) 19) dialog: There could be miles of unexplored passage down there. Just waiting to be discovered.
0) 21) text: Shit! Carl RIPS up the schedule in frustration.
0) 22) dialog: Shit! shit! shit! A long and uncomfortable silence. Victoria leans forward toward Josh, a smirk on her face.
0) 29) dialog: Bit like boot camp.
0) 32) dialog: “Conflicting” pretty much sums him up. (beat) Alright, folks. We're here... Suddenly, the ground falls away. The helicopter drops ove the edge of a waterfall that cascades 1000ft into a DOLIN vast circular hole in the valley floor. A beautiful rainb hangs above the waterfall. The helicopter powers forward toward BASECAMP: a cluster PORTACABINS and large MACHINERY perched at the far side o the cliff. Josh suddenly looks sad. He stares down at the base of th waterfall, where the river disappears through a gaping vertical crack in the rock.
2) 0) text: Frank slumps down into a chair, surrounded by high tech equipment and several MONITORS. Crazy George hovers in th background. Carl’s face can be seen on the DIVE COM. He doesn’t look happy.
2) 2) dialog: I want a progress report.
3) 0) text: A bank of high tech electronics, including several MONITO Frank's face fills the screen. Carl SLAMS the table.
3) 1) dialog: Goddamn it, Frank! We’re running out of time...
3) 3) dialog: Four months, Frank. I could have dug myself a bigger cave by now.
4) 0) text: Carl casts a final murderous glance at Frank before he disappears off screen. George shakes his head wearily.
7) 6) dialog: Do you think it’s worth me kitting up and going down there? 13 Basecamp is a hive of activity: LOCAL VILLAGERS unloadin OXYGEN CYLINDERS from a huge CRANE at the edge of the dol ENGINEERS inspecting an ELECTRICAL GENERATOR. BLENDING TECHNICIANS operating two large COMPRESSORS.
7) 10) dialog: “Mix master blong Jesus Christ?”
7) 21) dialog: Not now!
7) 23) dialog: They can all fuck off.
11) 5) dialog: Deal with them will you? Tell them I'm uncontactable until further notice. Victoria throws the phone far over the edge of the cliff.
11) 8) dialog: I'll get my harness. Victoria inches her way to the edge of the precipice and braces herself, ready to rappel down. Carl starts pulling items of CLIMBING EQUIPMENT out of a FLIGHT CASE.
11) 9) dialog: Keep an eye on her, Josh. She’s terrified of heights! Victoria flashes Carl a knowing look. There’s clearly something going on.
11) 15) dialog: You can’t beat a woman who's into ropes. Josh looks gobsmacked.
11) 16) dialog: She‘s ex-professional. We met during the Everest expedition.
11) 18) dialog: Piece of piss after K2. Carl adjusts his climbing harness.
11) 19) dialog: Life's not a dress-rehearsal, Josh. Sometimes you have to seize the day. Carl CLIPS himself onto the rope.
11) 20) dialog: Fifty bucks says I reach the bottom before you. Josh GRINS, inverts himself and leaps off the edge of the cliff. 222ZZZ1P! Josh RUNS down the vertical cliff wall f 600 feet before applying the brake. He glances back up th cliff. Carl is nowhere in sight. 20
13) 0) text: Carl stands in the middle of the clearing, adjusting a complicated-looking HARNESS clipped to his chest. The BASECAMP OFFICE DOOR flies open.
13) 2) dialog: Tell them to...fuck...off! Carl LEAPS into the doline.
13) 7) dialog: Yeee-ha! Carl steers the CHUTE expertly down toward the clearing. expedition team gaze up in shocked amazement. Luko has ne seen a parachute before. Victoria's face is a mask of ang
17) 3) text: EXCITED CHATTER as Carl, Josh, Victoria and Luko travel u the METAL CAGE attached to the CRANE. Carl is showing Jos the BASE JUMP HARNESS. The cage clears the edge of the cl Jim stands waiting for them, looking white as a sheet. Ot expedition members stand in utter shock. Some of them are CRYING. In an instant, all the color drains from Josh's f
17) 22) text: A huge bonfire in the center of the village. DRUMS beat a solemn rhythm as the LOCAL SHAMAN leads a dozen VILLAGERS a DEATH RITE around the fire. Their painted bodies gliste the firelight. Other VILLAGERS watch from the shadows. Scattered among them are several EXPEDITION MEMBERS, look utterly defeated. A couple of them are still crying. Josh, Carl and Victoria sit inside an open hut. Luko sits with them, preparing coconut shells of KAVA. He chews on root from a pepper plant and SPITS the intoxicating resid into the shells.
17) 23) dialog: .--until you've experienced it, you'll never understand! Any fool can climb a mountain. Who knows where this cave leads?
17) 26) dialog: Ten years ago, two divers stumbled across this system. Real experienced, I mean, they'd been pushing caves for thirty years...
17) 28) dialog: No-one knows. Their equipment was washed up twenty miles away. In the ocean.
17) 30) dialog: It's a tired old world, Josh. Where else do you get to shine a light where no man has been before?
17) 33) dialog: You just don’t get it, do you? You carry on climbing your mountains "because they’re there'. (beat) We're doing it because it's NOT there.
17) 35) dialog: Judes thought so. A moment as they consider this.
17) 37) dialog: He can't. He needs it.(beat) More than any of us. Luko SPITS into the shell and offers them the kava.
17) 38) dialog: He expects us to drink that?
17) 42) text: Just do it. Carl sips it, gingerly, holding his nose as he does so. Victoria takes perverse satisfaction in watching his discomfort. Carl GAGS and races out into the bushes.
18) 0) text: Carl is doubled up in the bushes, DRY RETCHING from the k Victoria stands over him, rubbing his shoulders.
20) 3) text: You should take a look at it, Frank. Before you make your decision. They leave. Frank slumps down into the chair, staring at phone. He glances at the MONITOR marked CAVE MAPPER. Fran can't help himself. He powers it up and gazes in disbelie a 3-D DIGITAL IMAGE of the cave scrolls across the screen The new section is massive: a huge air-filled chamber disappears into the unknown, the way forward marked with QUESTION MARK. A NOISE behind him. Frank spins around. Carl stands gazin the screen. He’s still looking green from the kava.
20) 4) dialog: There's a rumor around camp that you're pulling the plug. I want to know if it's true. (beat) What happened today was a tragedy, Frank. But Columbus lost half his crew pushing the unknown...
20) 6) dialog: --.I don't think she would forgive us if we quit now.
20) 8) dialog: I fucking paid to be there! Don't forget that!
20) 11) dialog: She's the mother of all caves. No one's ever broke her. Until now. Carl turns to Frank with a gleam in his eye. He TAPS his finger against the question mark on the screen.
20) 12) dialog: Put my name on a piece of this, Frank. And I'll die a happy man. Carl leaves. Frank continues staring at the frozen image the cave. Huge. Inviting. Irresistible.
24) 0) text: A loud ARGUMENT rages between several VILLAGERS, includin Luko. MACHETES have been drawn and tempers flare. Frank, Crazy George, Carl and Victoria watch the argument from the edge of the doline. They are kitted up and ready rappel. Frank looks up to find Josh standing there, weari his waterproofs and climbing harness.
24) 4) dialog: Jesus, Frank. Give the kid a break... Frank flashes Carl a murderous look. 38
25) 3) dialog: I guess they do this for all the tourists? Victoria next. As Luko paints her face, she glances nervo up at the blue sky framing the entrance to the cave. Acut aware this might be the last time she sees it. Frank brings up the rear. He gazes reverently around the as Luko performs the ritual. He is about to step into the shadows when he notices a TINY FIGURE perched on the edge the doline.
27) 3) dialog: Fuck the equipment! Let's just get out of here!
27) 10) dialog: Anything else?
29) 1) dialog: W-Where to now? Frank flicks his light upwards: the COMMUNICATION CABLE disappears into a narrow tunnel at the top of the cliff. tunnel is half-flooded. A powerful GEYSER of water shoots several feet out over the cliff edge, before crashing int deep pool below them.
29) 3) dialog: We'll never make it! Luko starts muttering a PRAYER. He’s clearly terrified.
29) 11) dialog: Is someone up there? INT. ABOVE FIREHOSE CLIFF. Josh is surrounded by a THUNDERING mass of white-water rapids. He is sheltering behind a GIGANTIC ROCK wedged midstream. Plumes of water jet high around him: it’s all can do to avoid being sucked down into the gaping tunnel.
30) 15) dialog: W-What's happening?
30) 20) dialog: What? No!
30) 22) dialog: Where?
31) 10) dialog: How the hell does he know the cave isn't flooded past that restriction?
31) 17) dialog: How bad is it?
31) 47) dialog: Yeah. A hundred times. Oxygen 200. Trimix 220.
31) 55) dialog: Check.
31) 57) dialog: Here, let me...
31) 64) text: Nice.(acid to Carl) You actually choose to do this?
31) 69) dialog: You can do this, baby. Be brave. Victoria glares at him murderously.
31) 76) text: VARIOUS SHOTS as a thick shroud of silt cocoons the diver Frank appears out of the gloom, his thumb and forefinger circled around the GUIDELINE. He sweeps his arm up and do through the murk, like a blind man using a cane. He passe several plastic CAVE ARROWS, clipped to the line at intervals, pointing the way back out. Suddenly, the cave materializes in Frank's HID LIGHT. Josh jumps in fright as Frank’s face suddenly looms out o the dark. They exchange “okay” signals and descend along cave wall. CRUMP! Carl bangs into the cave wall, dislodging a huge STALACTITE. He YELLS a muffled warning into his mouthpiec Crazy George CURSES as the STALACTITE whizzes by, narrowl missing him. Victoria tightens her grip around Crazy Geor wrist. They continue onward. 56
31) 79) text: Back at the entrance, Carl disappears into the tunnel. Cr George turns toward Victoria and taps her on the shoulder She jumps. George shows her a message on his WRIST SLATE: "YOU CAN DO IT", next to a SMILEY FACE. Victoria nods her head, grateful. Crazy George squeezes her hand reassuring Then he disappears into the tunnel. INT. BODY TUBE - DEVIL'S RESTRICTION. A nightmarish sequence as the divers crawl down the body in near-zero visibilty: Frank glances behind him. The dull orange glow of Josh's light approaches. They exchange ‘okay’ signals. 57 Further back in the tunnel, Carl wedges stuck. He tries turn around but can't move. His BREATHING skyrockets. Car braces himself and STRAINS against the ceiling. White fragments of rock break free and dance like snowflakes against his helmet. He eventually manages to pull himself forward. Crazy George freezes as the ceiling starts to CREAK and GROAN. He glances back and sees Victoria waiting patientl for him. They exchange ‘okay’ signals. After a few second George continues, his eyes glued nervously to the ceiling Victoria claws her way forward, following Crazy George's EQUIPMENT BAG. Her eyes are fixed with dogged determinati She’s HUMMING a tune: “ONWARD CHRISTIAN SOLDIERS”, to cal herself down. INT. UNEXPLORED ABYSS. Darkness. Then the hazy glow of approaching lights. A thi cloud of silt billows from the tunnel in the cliff wall. free-fall parachutists emerging from a cloud, the divers break through into the gin-clear waters of the abyss. Victoria finally appears, a victorious grin on her face. Crazy George swims over, shakes her hand and then helps h back into the REBREATHER. Frank shows Josh his VR3 DIVE
33) 0) text: Blackness. Josh wakes with a start and stares up at the c ceiling. It takes him a moment to remember where he is. Frank is busy changing the batteries in the FLASHLIGHTS. George is filling a DRIED FOOD PACK with water. Carl is s alone on a rock, staring out into space. Victoria lies SHIVERING inside her SPACE BLANKET: she’s hypothermic and utterly miserable. GEORGE offers her some food. Josh crawls toward the EQUIPMENT BAGS and starts rummagin through the SUPPLIES. He pulls out a food bag and walks d to the water. Frank crouches by the shoreline, his flashl fixed upon a submerged rock far out in the water. He’s watching, listening, feeling the cave.
33) 6) text: See that rock? Last night it was above water. Frank marches over to the EQUIPMENT BAG and pulls out sev items: A ROPE, COMPASS and VERTICAL GEAR. Carl shuffles o
33) 7) dialog: How long before they come and get us?
33) 9) dialog: The rescue party. Frank smiles at this.
33) 11) dialog: But when word gets out I'm missing...
33) 14) dialog: I just want to know what the plan is.
33) 16) dialog: Then what, pray tell, do you suggest we do!?! Frank marches over to him. 60
33) 20) dialog: I still think we should sit tight and wait a few days!
33) 22) dialog: Fucker. Josh watches his father's light disappear into the distan After a few moments, he decides to follow him.
34) 9) dialog: Pity our illustrious leader doesn't share your humanity.
34) 11) dialog: That man only thinks about himself. He'd leave us all to die if he had to.
34) 15) dialog: Precisely. And that's what makes us human beings.
34) 17) dialog: Yeah? Let's see if the authorities agree when we get out of here.
34) 19) dialog: I can't believe you're taking his side in this!
34) 21) dialog: What's that supposed to mean?
35) 2) dialog: Why the hell would I do that?
35) 4) dialog: You're delusional!
35) 8) dialog: You're enjoying this aren't you? Making life or death decisions. Playing God. 64
35) 10) dialog: What the hell was I thinking: letting you talk me into this? You're a fucking animal. Even your son can't stand the sight of you. Frank glances around.
38) 0) text: Football Field chamber ends in a huge mountain of rubble disappears into the higher reaches of the cave. Victoria collapses, SHIVERING on a rock. She watches Carl’s light ascending up the debris slope, far above her.
38) 13) dialog: Victoria! You have to see this. It's incredible! Victoria shakes her head sadly and starts climbing the boulder pile. EXT. TOP OF BOULDER PILE. Carl stands on top of the highest boulder. The team stagg up the final few yards to join him. 70
38) 14) text: Welcome to 'Carl's Cavern’. Frank and Crazy George exchange a withering look. FLASH! Carl’s powerful CAMERA STROBE reveals the vastness of the chamber they have just walked through. The walls and ceil are covered in millions of delicate white straws.
38) 15) dialog: Hey, Josh! Get up here. We’ll make the cover of ‘National Geographic' yet!
38) 18) dialog: You fucking asshole! You fuck, fuck, fucking asshole!
38) 20) dialog: Why the fuck would you do that? What gives you the fucking right to do that? To me? Frank pushes past George and grabs Carl by the throat, SLAMMING him against the boulder.
41) 1) dialog: Maybe we missed something? We could always go back...
41) 8) dialog: You okay?
41) 10) dialog: Why the fuck is ‘Captain Caveman’ taking us deeper? Makes no sense at all. 73
41) 12) dialog: All the way to the ocean?
41) 14) dialog: We've been climbing for six hours now! Surely we must be close to the surface?
41) 17) dialog: We could at least split up and search those passageways we passed?
41) 19) dialog: I say we vote on it.
41) 21) dialog: Josh. Help me search those tunnels. Josh deliberates. 74
41) 24) dialog: Idiots. Carl shoulders his pack.
41) 25) dialog: C'mon. Let’s go. Victoria glares up at him, shivering and miserable. She slowly shakes her head.
45) 7) dialog: Frank has the rope bag!
49) 14) dialog: Frank! Frank leaps into the water. As Crazy George sweeps by, Fr grabs him and heaves him toward a BOULDER midstream. Craz George clings weakly to the boulder as Frank flashes his light around, looking for Victoria.
49) 15) dialog: Over there! Victoria is clinging to a rock at the edge of the falls, buffeted by the cascade of water. Frank wades out toward bracing himself against the ferocious flow. He manages to grab her SAFETY ROPE, just as her grip gives way. Victoria disappears over the edge of the falls. She hangs inverted from her harness, engulfed by the torrent of wat that pounds her against the rock. Frank struggles to keep hold of her safety rope. Curt TO: 85 At the bottom of the falls, Josh is about to unclip the REBREATHERS from the rope when he hears Victoria SCREAM. races back up the waterfall.
49) 24) dialog: No! We have to save her! Victoria SCREAMS at the top of her lungs as she sees Josh light edging it’s way toward her. Frank spots it too.
50) 0) text: VARIOUS SHOTS as the team stumble their way downstream, following the raging river. Frank leads the way. A grim look on his face as he naviga the best way downstream. He is wearing the last remaining REBREATHER. Carl flashes his light back toward Crazy George and Josh. considers returning to help them, but is too exhausted. H staggers downstream past Frank, his face set in stone. Crazy George is in a bad way. Josh has to support him as stumbles across the rocks. Frank waits for them. Frank helps drag Crazy George across a set of rapids. He reaches back to offer Josh a helping hand. Josh refuses. moment of tension as they confront each other. Josh pushe past him, into the darkness. Four lights, continuing steadily downstream until finally
51) 7) dialog: Over here! Frank staggers forward. Carl's light has revealed several FOOTPRINTS in the entrance to the tunnel. Carl begins to with relief and excitement.
51) 8) dialog: Footprints! This must be the way out!
51) 10) dialog: We're getting out of here! You hear? We’re gonna live! Carl staggers drunkenly back up into the tunnel.
51) 11) dialog: Oh thank-you. Thank-you Jesus thank- you, thank-you, thank-you... Frank continues to examine the footprints, a grim look on face.
52) 0) text: Frank and Josh drag Crazy George up the narrow tunnel. Th river has become a DISTANT ROAR below them. They stagger of the tunnel and emerge inside a tall, dry, chimney-like room. Carl is kneeling in the center of the Chimney. Josh stagg forward, flashing his light around the walls.
52) 1) dialog: Don’t bother. There’s no way out.
52) 4) dialog: We’re all going to fucking die. 91
52) 5) text: Frank is on the far side of the cavern, busy checking ove the remaining REBREATHER. His FLASHLIGHT casts ghostly shadows over the cavern walls. Crazy George lays in Josh's arms, MOANING in a feverish sleep. Carl glances down at his cracked TAG HEUER DIVE WA Broken now.
52) 7) dialog: I’m wondering when it stopped.
52) 9) dialog: I should be flying home right now. Josh and Carl hear the faint wisps of COLERIDGE echoing around the cave.
52) 10) dialog: He's out of his mind, Josh. Just listen to him. We should have checked out those tunnels. We could have been out of here by now, instead of being forced on some suicide mission...
52) 12) dialog: Yeah? Well buddy-breathing through, two at a time is insane.
52) 18) text: And what if there is no air pocket, Josh? What then? Josh glances toward the macabre SKELETONS. And shudders. TIGHT on Carl: he can't take his eyes off the remaining REBREATHER. FADE TO BLACK.
54) 0) text: Frank and Josh stand by the water. The last REBREATHER is missing. No sign of Carl.
59) 0) text: Josh and Frank wade through the waist deep water, followi the sluggish river. Their torches reflect against the obsidian black walls. Josh wrinkles his nose in disgust. Floating in the water around them are dozens of DROWNED RATS. Josh pushes them aside and continues onward. The tunnel becomes filled with debris that has been washe down by the river: TREE BRANCHES, VEGETATION and the rott carcasses of several DEAD ANIMALS. Josh starts recognizin REBREATHER PARTS and DIVE EQUIPMENT, smashed and broken a the rocks lining the tunnel. 107 INT. DANTE’S NIGHTMARE Rounding a corner, the tunnel ends abruptly in a small ro filled with half-submerged rocks. The rocks act as a drai collecting any debris that’s been flushed into the cave. covers his nose and fights the urge to retch: the stinkin effluent has formed a festering lake. A MOAN in the darkn causes them to spin around. Cari sits SHIVERING in the darkness. He is almost unrecognizable: his face is covered in blood, mud and bruises. Madness rages in his eyes as he raises his hands protect himself from the harsh glare of their torches. Half-eaten RAT CARCASSES litter the shoreline around him. pile of dead FLASHLIGHTS lay discarded at his side. Carl staggers toward them, as if in a drunken stupor.
59) 1) dialog: Y-You came for me. I-I knew you would... Carl lifts his hand toward the torch and caresses the fla
59) 2) dialog: So..-beautiful. Beyond price. I’d have given...anything. Everything. Just to see again. Josh pulls the flame away from him.
59) 3) dialog: H-How long have I been in the dark? A week? A month? Frank and Josh exchange a glance.
59) 5) dialog: You...have to help me. We have to...-help each other...help each other get out of here... Carl grabs Josh’s leg. Frank observes, stony-faced. 108
59) 6) text: I only went to...scout ahead, Josh. I was...going to come back for you. But the current was...too strong. Josh kicks Carl away from him.
59) 7) dialog: You...-you have to believe me. Ask the others...if you don’t believe me...ask the others...
59) 9) dialog: Them! Carl backs up against the cave wall, SHIVERING in fear. H casts a terrified glance toward the far side of the caver
59) 10) dialog: They're here...All of them... Following Carl’s gaze, Josh and Frank shine their torches into the dark reaches of the chamber. It’s a scene from Dante’s own nightmare. Scattered among the debris are the hideously mangled rema of Judes, Luko, Crazy George and Victoria. The river has pummeled them into a twisted mass of skin a bone. Their lifeless eyes stare accusingly at them. Carl in the mud, ranting at the darkness
59) 11) dialog: Now...we’re all here, I should call....the office... Frank ignores Carl. He wades toward Judes and starts tear her REBREATHER apart, so he can salvage both her CYLINDER
59) 12) dialog: Tell...Tell them we're delayed. You brought the phone with you? I have a meeting in just over an hour. We should arrange a press conference? Send photos... Frank coldly sifts through Judes DIVE RIG. He finds four CYLUME CHEMICAL LIGHT STICKS, tucked behind her WRIST SLA 109 He coldly reads the words he had written onto her slate: “TRUST ME!”. Frank throws the LIGHT STICKS over to Josh.
59) 14) dialog: Take...take me with you. Please. Josh pulls his hand away..
59) 15) dialog: You are not to leave me here! I demand you take me with you! Josh and Frank cast a final glance down at Carl. They loo each other. Then turn and walk down the tunnel.
59) 16) dialog: Josh! Josh!
60) 5) text: Give me those fucking lights... Carl grabs the CYLUME LIGHT STICKS off Josh.
60) 6) dialog: We...we can still get out of here...alive, Josh. You and me. Now we have these...I want you to fit....fit the oxygen tank... Josh stares down at his father’s body in shock. Carl push the knife hard against Josh’s throat. A sliver of BLOOD appears.
60) 7) dialog: 
60) 9) dialog: That...son of a bitch...had it coming, Josh. He’d have...killed us all. Even you. You realize that...don’t you? I was acting in...self defense... Josh slowly nods in agreement.
60) 10) dialog: Life’s...not a dress rehearsal, Josh. Sometimes...you...you have to... Suddenly, Frank MOANS. Carl’s eyes narrow in concern. He lifts the BURNING TORCH to take a closer look.
60) 24) dialog: No! Noooooooce! 113 Carl is plunged into eternal darkness.