1) 8) dialog: That's the third time you checked that gauge. You sure you're okay?
1) 10) dialog: You wanna cancel the dive?
1) 12) dialog: No one'1ll blame you, Judes. He’s had you in the water seven days straight now. When the hell did you last see daylight? Judes looks up at George and forces a smile.
1) 14) dialog: Damn, girl. You’re starting to look like Gollum.
1) 16) dialog: Cave's still gonna be here next year...
1) 18) dialog: You dive for yourself. Not for Frank. “Anyone can call the dive at any time for...”
1) 20) dialog: So. (beat) Why don’t you sit this one out? Judes deliberates. She looks yearningly toward her SLEEPI BAG at the rear of the cave. She looks tempted when...
1) 24) dialog: I’m gonna hold you to that.
1) 27) dialog: Hell, yeah. I still say she's teasin’ us, Frank. Ain't no way through that restriction.
1) 29) dialog: How many times have I heard that? BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! A RED LIGHT flashes above the communica tent. Frank, Judes and George look at one another in conc Crazy George staggers to his feet and hobbles into the te to answer the call. He walks with a pronounced LIMP.
1) 32) dialog: It's Carl. Frank’s face registers annoyance.
1) 34) dialog: He wants a word with you. Frank drags himself out of the water.
2) 0) text: Frank slumps down into a chair, surrounded by high tech equipment and several MONITORS. Crazy George hovers in th background. Carl’s face can be seen on the DIVE COM. He doesn’t look happy.
4) 1) dialog: Nice. Keep on biting the hand that feeds us...
5) 0) text: Frank storms down to the water, Crazy George limping afte him.
7) 27) dialog: Devil’s restriction.
8) 0) text: Crazy George reaches forward and sharpens the digital ima from the ROV. The fuzzy picture shows Frank and Judes arriving at the restriction.
8) 1) dialog: And...let there be light.
10) 1) dialog: Bh, shit. Call the scuba police. Amateur alert! INT. DEVIL'S RESTRICTION. The thick cloud of silt engulfs Judes and Frank, reducing visibility to zero.
10) 7) text: (continuing) Yeah, drinks are on you tonight. Frank flashes his light toward the new lead. They swim ov to investigate. INT. FORWARD BASE PLATFORM. Crazy George powers the ROV forward, illuminating Frank a Judes as they follow the silt toward the hole.
10) 8) dialog: Frank, what you doin’, Frank? The DIVE COM crackles.
10) 10) dialog: He's smelled somethin’. The ROV focusses on a narrow tunnel winding its way into bowels of the earth. It’s a claustrophobic nightmare.
10) 11) dialog: Oh, Christ, Frank. Leave it. INT. DEVIL'S RESTRICTION. Frank tries squeezing into he tunnel, but the entrance is small. Judes watches apprehensively as Frank removes his REBREATHER. He reaches forward and scribbles a message on her WRIST SLATE. Judes gazes down at Frank’s message: “SHE GOES. TRUST ME! Holding his rebreather in front of him, Frank pushes into tight hole.
12) 1) dialog: Plan the dive and dive the plan, D'you recall hearing that somewhere?
12) 3) dialog: -.--But, no. Our boy’s gotta go find himself a hole tighter than a nun’s nasty... 21 LAUGHTER from the team. This is the most excitement they had in months. They watch Judes squeezing her way into th tunnel.
12) 5) dialog: I’m goin’ after them... The team watch the ROV power forward, BUMPING and GRINDIN it‘s way down the tunnel. BRRRR! BRRRR! A SATELLITE PHONE rings in the background. Jim snatches it up.
15) 2) dialog: Jim, tell me y’all getting this?
16) 2) dialog: That stubborn son of a bitch. He finally did it.
17) 2) dialog: Oh, sweet Jesus, no... 25
17) 7) dialog: Off o2. Frank sits up.
17) 8) dialog: (continuing) How you doin’? Frank GROANS and buries his head in his hands.
17) 9) dialog: 104 subtract 7. 26
17) 11) dialog: Start callin’ the numbers.
17) 13) dialog: Alright. I reckon you're clear. (long beat) Jesus, Frank. What happened?
17) 15) dialog: Or maybe she was too tired to check it before the dive?
17) 17) dialog: Down here, it’s all about knowing when to quit. You taught me that. Frank considers this.
17) 19) dialog: Ain't no way you’re draggin’ a body back through that restriction. (beat) No. This is how she wanted it. Hell, she even used to joke: "you can't get buried...
17) 21) dialog: C'mon. Let’s get you out of here. 27
19) 0) text: FRANK walks back toward the basecamp office, with Judes ADDRESS BOOK. He’s about to open the door when he hears RAISED VOICES from inside. POV Frank: Through the window, he sees Jim, Crazy George the expedition team huddled around the monitor. They're watching ROV footage from Judes death.
20) 2) dialog: I’ve downloaded the data from the ROV. Frank nods grimly. 34
23) 1) dialog: I reckon you got three days.
23) 4) dialog: I can help you get Carl and Victoria down to Forward Base.
24) 0) text: A loud ARGUMENT rages between several VILLAGERS, includin Luko. MACHETES have been drawn and tempers flare. Frank, Crazy George, Carl and Victoria watch the argument from the edge of the doline. They are kitted up and ready rappel. Frank looks up to find Josh standing there, weari his waterproofs and climbing harness.
27) 6) dialog: What the hell happened to the early warning system?
30) 2) dialog: Frank! Before Frank can stop him, Luko has grabbed the rope and pulled himself into the tunnel. 46
31) 11) dialog: Frank reckons it’s clear. That’s all you need to know. Crazy George eyes the rising water.
31) 12) dialog: (continuing) One thing's for sure: stay here and y'all better start growing gills.
31) 32) dialog: C'mon Josh, let’s go...
31) 38) dialog: Come away, Josh.
31) 43) dialog: Alright. Let's start the buddy checks... Frank swims over to check Josh's REBREATHER.
31) 56) dialog: Close your mouthpiece.
31) 59) dialog: Trimix set to 10/80? Gradient factors 15/85? High setpoint at 1.2? Bubble checks? Okay folks, we’re good to go... No, ‘cause I'm stupid. Crazy George suddenly leans over and grabs Josh.
31) 60) dialog: Hey! You wanna end up like me? Josh says nothing.
31) 61) dialog: Then you better smarten up. You get bent down here, it’s gonna ruin your whole day.
31) 66) dialog: You want me to bring up the rear?
31) 72) dialog: That's about the gist of it. 55
31) 76) text: VARIOUS SHOTS as a thick shroud of silt cocoons the diver Frank appears out of the gloom, his thumb and forefinger circled around the GUIDELINE. He sweeps his arm up and do through the murk, like a blind man using a cane. He passe several plastic CAVE ARROWS, clipped to the line at intervals, pointing the way back out. Suddenly, the cave materializes in Frank's HID LIGHT. Josh jumps in fright as Frank’s face suddenly looms out o the dark. They exchange “okay” signals and descend along cave wall. CRUMP! Carl bangs into the cave wall, dislodging a huge STALACTITE. He YELLS a muffled warning into his mouthpiec Crazy George CURSES as the STALACTITE whizzes by, narrowl missing him. Victoria tightens her grip around Crazy Geor wrist. They continue onward. 56
31) 79) text: Back at the entrance, Carl disappears into the tunnel. Cr George turns toward Victoria and taps her on the shoulder She jumps. George shows her a message on his WRIST SLATE: "YOU CAN DO IT", next to a SMILEY FACE. Victoria nods her head, grateful. Crazy George squeezes her hand reassuring Then he disappears into the tunnel. INT. BODY TUBE - DEVIL'S RESTRICTION. A nightmarish sequence as the divers crawl down the body in near-zero visibilty: Frank glances behind him. The dull orange glow of Josh's light approaches. They exchange ‘okay’ signals. 57 Further back in the tunnel, Carl wedges stuck. He tries turn around but can't move. His BREATHING skyrockets. Car braces himself and STRAINS against the ceiling. White fragments of rock break free and dance like snowflakes against his helmet. He eventually manages to pull himself forward. Crazy George freezes as the ceiling starts to CREAK and GROAN. He glances back and sees Victoria waiting patientl for him. They exchange ‘okay’ signals. After a few second George continues, his eyes glued nervously to the ceiling Victoria claws her way forward, following Crazy George's EQUIPMENT BAG. Her eyes are fixed with dogged determinati She’s HUMMING a tune: “ONWARD CHRISTIAN SOLDIERS”, to cal herself down. INT. UNEXPLORED ABYSS. Darkness. Then the hazy glow of approaching lights. A thi cloud of silt billows from the tunnel in the cliff wall. free-fall parachutists emerging from a cloud, the divers break through into the gin-clear waters of the abyss. Victoria finally appears, a victorious grin on her face. Crazy George swims over, shakes her hand and then helps h back into the REBREATHER. Frank shows Josh his VR3 DIVE
32) 0) text: VARIOUS REACTION SHOTS as the team surface. They remove their MOUTHPIECES and gratefully suck down gr gulps of air. Then they gaze around them in wonder. The cavern is huge: an endless dessert of sand dunes rising f the water and disappearing into the darkness. A sunless Sahara, with no sign of the walls or ceiling. Crazy George throws back his head and emits a WHOOP of delight. His voice ECHOES into the darkness.
33) 13) dialog: Reckon I should of sold my Delvenet shares. Frank smiles as he shoulders the rope.
34) 3) dialog: How you doing?
34) 5) dialog: They're like blocks of ice. Crazy George starts rubbing Victoria's feet and legs. Car casts a glance but decides to say nothing.
34) 7) dialog: Ain't nothin’.
34) 10) dialog: Frank’s got Josh to think about now.
34) 12) dialog: Don't go sayin' that. (trying to convince himself) Frank's gonna get us out of here. 62
34) 14) dialog: He just lives by a different set of rules, that’s all. He did what needed to be done. None of us had the stomach for it.
36) 5) dialog: Quit freakin’ out. He’ll be fine. 65
36) 7) dialog: The boy wanted to go off exploring. (grinning) Remind you of anyone? Frank scowls and storms away. Crazy George smiles as he watches him disappear into the darkness.
36) 8) dialog: Gnnnt George suddenly winces in pain. He lifts his arm and flex it, a concerned look on his face. CuT TO: Josh is about to enter the largest tunnel when...
36) 18) dialog: Shoot, I reckon the boy's done found the way forward!
37) 0) text: A vast chamber, larger than several football fields. No s of the walls or ceiling. Three specks of light appear in distance. Two more lights trail behind them. Josh plods along next to Crazy George. They both struggle under the weight of their REBREATHERS and also carry a he EQUIPMENT BAG between them. Crazy George keeps flexing hi hand every few seconds, a worried expression on his face.
37) 2) dialog: Hell, he's just tryin’ to look out for you. Easy enough to get lost in a place like this.
37) 4) dialog: Yeah. Frank sure likes to give a lotta notes...
37) 7) dialog: (continuing) Couple of years ago, he’s in the outback, checking out this massive hole, name of... Crazy George grinds to a halt, confused and then a little scared as he struggles to remember the name.
37) 8) dialog: Damn, what was that place called? He drops the EQUIPMENT BAG and leans, exhausted, against large rock. Josh looks at him, bemused.
37) 9) dialog: Anyhow, he backs his truck right up to the water, so he can tie off his line. Then he does his dive. Crazy George takes a long pull of water from his flask.
37) 10) dialog: On the way back out, he sees the entrance is blocked by a vehicle, sixty feet underwater. And he's like: "Shit, that licence plate looks familiar". (beat) He'd only gone and left the handbrake off! Josh smiles.
37) 11) dialog: (continuing) Had to smash open his back window, just so he could swim out! Josh LAUGHS.
37) 12) dialog: And then he has to haul his sorry ass back over 60 miles of desert! (beat) He's a hell of a guy, your old man. Once you get to know him. Josh considers this. 68
37) 13) text: (beat) Take the bag will ya? Go on, I'll catch up directly. Crazy George waits until Josh has gone, then starts scribbling numbers onto his WRIST SLATE. His hand is SHAK uncontrollably as he writes: 101-7= Crazy George struggles to do the math. After a few second he realizes he can’t work out the answer.
37) 14) dialog: Ah, shit... He opens the MOUTHPIECE on his REBREATHER and flushes the loop with the button marked OXYGEN. Breathing from the REBREATHER, he staggers after Josh’s light.
38) 14) text: Welcome to 'Carl's Cavern’. Frank and Crazy George exchange a withering look. FLASH! Carl’s powerful CAMERA STROBE reveals the vastness of the chamber they have just walked through. The walls and ceil are covered in millions of delicate white straws.
38) 16) dialog: National Lampoon, more like. Josh scrambles up to the highest boulder and poses for Ca Frank storms over and snatches the camera off Carl. He hu it far over the edge of the boulder slope. After a few seconds, we hear it SMASH apart below. A moment of tension as Carl and Frank face each other. Suddenly, Carl launches himself at Frank. George stumbles between them.
38) 17) dialog: Whoa! Let's calm it down!
41) 9) dialog: Hell, yeah. Just catchin’ my breath.
41) 13) dialog: If that’s what it takes. Crazy George goes back onto OXYGEN. Carl calls over to Fr
42) 4) text: Crazy George is rappeling down a particularly steep part the shaft. His REBREATHER dangles several feet below him, acting like a pendulum. His face is screwed up in pain as edges his way down the sheer cliff wall.
42) 5) dialog: Gnnnng! His body suddenly spasms, his fist clamping up into a tig balled fist.
42) 6) dialog: Oh, Christ. Not now. Please not now... A SHOUT from above causes him to look up. Victoria peers at him, a concerned look on her face.
42) 8) dialog: I-I'm fine! Momentarily distracted, he doesn't notice his LONG HAIR slipping into the FIVE-BAR RACK. George pushes himself we off the wall. ZIIIP! He plunges several feet down the rop his hand too weak to operate the brake. His hair gets YAN VIOLENTLY into the rack, almost scalping him. In extreme pain, he grits his teeth and remains silent, reluctant to the others know he is in trouble.
42) 9) dialog: That’s just great, George. Call the fucking rope police. He swings himself painfully toward a rocky ledge. Tries t transfer his body weight. Success! A SIGH of relief. Reac toward his DIVE KNIFE, he carefully starts sawing away at trapped hair.
43) 1) text: Crazy George has almost freed himself from the tangle. As goes to cut the final strand of hair...CRACK! The rock le supporting him suddenly crumbles. SHNICK! His knife SLICES clean through the descent rope. Crazy George starts to fall, his hands scrambling to find purchase, his fingernails SCRAPING the rock until...
43) 2) dialog: (continuing) Unnnng! His fingers wedge into a ledge. He clings precariously to edge of a 300ft drop, his legs and REBREATHER dangling ab the void.
43) 3) dialog: (continuing) Shit shit shit!
45) 3) dialog: No shit, I'm off rope! A SHOUT from below.
46) 11) dialog: I-I can't hold on!
46) 13) dialog: I'm slipping!
46) 19) dialog: Ahhbhh! Crazy George tumbles away into the darkness, taking Josh him. Josh keeps a firm grip on George’s harness and after few feet...TWANG! His COW'S TAIL snaps taut, SLAMMING the both violently against the walls of the shaft.
46) 20) dialog: Gnnn! Crazy George spins inverted, Josh clutching his harness. looks up at him, clearly terrified.
46) 23) dialog: And I thought they called me crazy! 80 Josh threads the severed rope into the bolt and rappels with George dangling below.
47) 3) dialog: Ah, quit worrying. Couple more hours of this shit and I'll be right as rain. (beat) Just remind me not to smoke.
47) 5) dialog: (beat) That was a hell of a thing your boy just did, Frank. Frank walks over to Josh and places a hand on his shoulde
47) 7) text: Course, I‘d have stuck to the left- hand side of the shaft. Much better hand-holds. Josh and Crazy George exchange a look. Josh rolls his eye
48) 0) text: The deafening ROAR of a waterfall can be heard close by. Frank and Josh are busy rigging the easiest route downstr Josh looks back to see Crazy George staggering through th waist-deep water.
49) 13) dialog: Frank...I... His world continues to kaleidoscope until...SPLASH! Crazy George faceplants the water and is washed toward the edge the falls. Victoria is dragged into the water with him.
50) 0) text: VARIOUS SHOTS as the team stumble their way downstream, following the raging river. Frank leads the way. A grim look on his face as he naviga the best way downstream. He is wearing the last remaining REBREATHER. Carl flashes his light back toward Crazy George and Josh. considers returning to help them, but is too exhausted. H staggers downstream past Frank, his face set in stone. Crazy George is in a bad way. Josh has to support him as stumbles across the rocks. Frank waits for them. Frank helps drag Crazy George across a set of rapids. He reaches back to offer Josh a helping hand. Josh refuses. moment of tension as they confront each other. Josh pushe past him, into the darkness. Four lights, continuing steadily downstream until finally
51) 0) text: The tunnel ends abruptly at another sump: a shallow pool where the river disappears beneath a cliff. A small entra beneath the surface marks the continuation of the underwa cave. The team wearily pull themselves out of the water a crawl up the muddy shoreline. Everyone is physically and emotionally exhausted. A depre silence engulfs the group. Josh gently eases Crazy George the floor. Crazy George curls himself up in a ball, fever and MOANING in pain. Josh lifts his head clear of the mud
51) 14) dialog: S-Sorry to be such a b-burden, Frank. Frank smiles sadly at his old friend.
52) 0) text: Frank and Josh drag Crazy George up the narrow tunnel. Th river has become a DISTANT ROAR below them. They stagger of the tunnel and emerge inside a tall, dry, chimney-like room. Carl is kneeling in the center of the Chimney. Josh stagg forward, flashing his light around the walls.
52) 5) text: Frank is on the far side of the cavern, busy checking ove the remaining REBREATHER. His FLASHLIGHT casts ghostly shadows over the cavern walls. Crazy George lays in Josh's arms, MOANING in a feverish sleep. Carl glances down at his cracked TAG HEUER DIVE WA Broken now.
54) 7) text: Frank sits in a depressed trance, CLICKING his fading FLASHLIGHT on and off repeatedly as he stares at the SKEL REMAINS of the two divers. Josh watches him from a distance as he tends to Crazy Geo Crazy George’s condition has worsened overnight. He lays Josh's arms, barely conscious.
54) 8) dialog: F-Frank?
54) 10) dialog: I-I can’t move my legs anymore. Josh says nothing. He glances over at his father.
54) 13) dialog: L-Luko was here. Last night. I reckon he came for me, Josh...
54) 15) dialog: Don’t let them...come for me, Josh.
54) 17) dialog: Them... 94 Crazy George points into the dark. Macabre shadows dance across the walls. Sinister shapes Josh's imagination pref to ignore. Josh shudders.
56) 0) text: Crazy George sits slumped against the far wall, his head resting against his chest. Josh races toward him and excitedly shakes him awake. 100
56) 2) dialog: So c-c-cold...so v-very cold. Josh lifts Crazy George's arm. His DIVE KNIFE clatters to floor. Josh realizes in horror that he's used the blade t open his own wrists.
56) 4) dialog: Reckon I’‘d s-save you the trouble, F-Frank. Frank nods and kneels next to his friend, holding his han
56) 5) dialog: Don't look so...sad, Josh...You can'’t...get buried...deeper... The sentence hangs in the air. Crazy George is dead. A ROAR of water. Frank turns and flashes his light toward the tunnel. The river is already pouring into the chimney seconds they are waist deep. Josh and Frank stand in silence and watch Crazy George’s disappear beneath the water.