1) 6) dialog: Focus on the dive. (beat) High oxygen: close valve, diluent flush, engage manual flight. Good. You ain’t dying down there today. Low oxygen...(beat) Shit! Low oxygen.....- Frank SIGHS and opens his eyes.
1) 7) dialog: That damn kid. Frank takes three deep BREATHS, closes his eyes and start the drills again. VOICES drift over from the far side of cave.
1) 21) text: You all set? FRANK wades toward them, zipping up his suit. His face is with an intense, determined look. He grabs his REBREATHER from the dive platform and fires up the electronics.
1) 26) dialog: George, you in position? On George's LAPTOP, a DIGITAL IMAGE of the cave can be se marked DEVIL'S RESTRICTION. Hundreds of BOULDERS stacked high. A gaping TUNNEL beneath them. Frank studies the scr
1) 28) dialog: Machines can't feel the cave, George. (TAPS the screen) This one goes. Trust me.
1) 33) dialog: Hallelujah! “Rich Boy” returns.
1) 35) dialog: I'll bet he does.
2) 0) text: Frank slumps down into a chair, surrounded by high tech equipment and several MONITORS. Crazy George hovers in th background. Carl’s face can be seen on the DIVE COM. He doesn’t look happy.
2) 1) dialog: Why are you using the emergency line?
2) 3) dialog: You got me out of the water for that?
3) 0) text: A bank of high tech electronics, including several MONITO Frank's face fills the screen. Carl SLAMS the table.
3) 2) text: Alright, I’1l give you a progress report: we’re down here, busting our balls, while you fuck off to pick up your girlfriend. Victoria, Josh and the basecamp manager, JIM SERGEANT (36 hover in the background next to an enormous CAVE MAP. Jim Josh exchange a look: this is typical Frank.
3) 4) dialog: Yeah, well. This cave don’t follow your schedule. Put my son on the line. Victoria flashes Josh a sympathetic look. Josh SIGHS heav
4) 0) text: Carl casts a final murderous glance at Frank before he disappears off screen. George shakes his head wearily.
4) 2) dialog: We earned the right to dive here, George. If that softcock wants a piece of this cave, he should try getting his hands dirty. On screen, Josh slouches into the chair and stares sullen
4) 4) dialog: You’re on my shitlist, mate.
4) 6) dialog: You were assigned rope man. You’re supposed to be working here as part of the team, not off on some joy ride. 10 Josh stares at his feet and snorts derisively: it’s pret obvious he thinks his old man is a total dick.
4) 7) dialog: Did you hear what I said!?! Josh reaches forward and defiantly flicks a switch. The screen suddenly goes blank. Frank stares in disbelief. Cr George tries hard not to laugh.
5) 0) text: Frank storms down to the water, Crazy George limping afte him.
5) 2) dialog: We’re all tuckered out. That don’t mean he can sneak off whenever he feels like it. Frank SPITS into his mask and winks at Judes.
5) 3) dialog: Ready to rock?
5) 5) dialog: In your dreams.
6) 0) text: The divers descend toward an UNDERWATER DECOMPRESSION HABITAT, bolted to the walls at a depth of 30 ft. Each diver's REBREATHER has their name boldly stencilled acros the back. CLOSE-UP of Frank’s eyes behind his mask as he moves thro the water. His voice sounds tense and strained.
6) 1) dialog: Focus. Forget the kid. This cave’1l kill you in a heartbeat if you let it. (beat) The cave always wins. The DECO HAB looks like a high-tech lunar landing module. DIVER PROPULSION VEHICLES (DPV's) and STAGE CYLINDERS hav been clipped to a DECO LINE that descends into the inky depths. The DPV's look like miniature torpedoes, fitted w handlebars. The divers collect their DPV's, clip on their STAGE CYLINDERS and power away into the inky depths.
7) 0) text: VRRRRR! Powerful HID lights from the DPV's flit across th walls of an enormous underwater cavern. Frank follows a t GUIDELINE that snakes its way across the calcite-covered ceiling. The water is crystal clear: visibility a hundred feet or more. The REBREATHER'S lack of bubbles give the divers the appearance of astronauts, exploring inner spac Frank's voice begins to relax, becoming deep and reverent he recites Coleridge’s famous poem.
7) 1) dialog: In Xanadu did Kubla Khan. A stately pleasure dome decree. Where Alph, the sacred river, ran. Through caverns measureless to man. Down to a sunless sea. 12 They enter a room, where white FLOWSTONE covers the wall It's like a waterfall frozen in time. Stunningly beautifu Frank gazes in wonder as they pass amazing SPELEOTHEMS, connecting the floor to the ceiling. INT. DEEP TUNNEL. Frank and Judes power their DPV's into a long winding tun POV FRANK: the HEADS UP DISPLAY (HUD) clipped onto his REBREATHER MOUTHPIECE bathes his face a ghoulish green gl
7) 2) dialog: 70 meters...80...90... BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! A red light flashes across Frank's face his REBREATHER HUD ALARM sounds.
7) 3) dialog: Oxygen spike. Add some helium. PFFT! Frank calmly reaches down and pushes a button on hi COUNTERLUNGS. The HUD turns green again.
7) 4) dialog: No worries. Where’s Judes? VRRRR! Judes overtakes Frank, aiming her DPV toward a nar gap in the tunnel. CRUNCH! Her REBREATHER clumsily scrape against the rock, bringing down a cloud of fine silt.
7) 5) dialog: (continuing) C'mon, Judy-babe. Tighten it up. Frank's eyes narrow in concentration as he follows her in the tunnel. The whirling blades of his DPV PROPELLER slow DISSOLVE INTO... EXT. BASECAMP — DAY THUDDA! THUDDA! THUDDA! The whirling rotor blades of a RUSSIAN KAMOV HELICOPTER as it hovers above basecamp. Operations manager, Jim Sergeant is marching across camp, trying to outpace Carl. Jim used to be a Royal Navy diver Right now, he wishes he was back defusing mines.
8) 0) text: Crazy George reaches forward and sharpens the digital ima from the ROV. The fuzzy picture shows Frank and Judes arriving at the restriction.
10) 2) dialog: Deep and slow. Panic kills. Clip on a reel. 16 POV FRANK: we can barely see his hands as he expertly attaches a SAFETY GUIDELINE to a rock in front of him.
10) 3) dialog: Now rise above the situation. PFTTT! Frank adds gas to his WING. LINE rattles off his R INT. FORWARD BASE COMMUNICATIONS TENT. On screen, the ROV hovers patiently above the cloud of si George breathes a SIGH of relief as he watches Frank risi like a ghost, back into clear water. INT. DEVIL'S RESTRICTION. Frank can see Judes light in the cloud beneath him.
10) 4) dialog: She’s gonna be pissed about that. Alright, Frank: focus. Master controller: P-oh-two: fine. Slave: Fine. (PFT! The solenoid fires) There's your second heartbeat. (glances at wrist computer } Depth 98 meters. Run time’s good... Frank's eyes suddenly widen. He notices the silt cloud is being sucked into a hole in the boulders, thirty feet awa
10) 5) dialog: (continuing) Shit! That’s the way through! The cloud of silt continues drifting toward the hole.
10) 6) dialog: (continuing) Oh man, that is strong flow! (gazing around the cave) Got you! Finally! (irritated) C'mon Judes, sort your shit out. Judes sheepishly drifts toward him and flashes an ‘okay' signal. She shakes her head, obviously annoyed with herse 17
10) 7) text: (continuing) Yeah, drinks are on you tonight. Frank flashes his light toward the new lead. They swim ov to investigate. INT. FORWARD BASE PLATFORM. Crazy George powers the ROV forward, illuminating Frank a Judes as they follow the silt toward the hole.
12) 0) text: Inside the claustrophobic tunnel, things are getting tigh Frank’s face is contorted with the physical effort of pus his REBREATHER ahead of him. His breathing rate increases each BREATH sounds deafening inside the enclosed space. Suddenly, he wedges stuck. His HOSES and VALVES scrape against the sharp rock. Frank gazes nervously behind him. INT. FORWARD BASE COMMUNICATIONS TENT. On the screen, Judes is still outside the tunnel, unclipp her STAGE BOTTLES. Crazy Gecrge paces in front of the monitor, clearly agitated.
14) 0) text: Frank is still wedged stuck in the narrow tunnel. Flakes rock dance around him. He’s now PANTING in exertion.
14) 1) dialog: Deep and slow. Panic’s a vulture, sat on your shoulder, waiting. There's always slack somewhere, Frank. Try backing up.
14) 4) dialog: In Xanadu...did Kubla Khan...A stately pleasure dome...decree... Ahead of him, the tunnel opens up into a gaping black voi
14) 5) dialog: Christ, would you look at that. It's wide open!
15) 0) text: Frank pulls himself out of a crack in an underwater cliff re-dons his rebreather. 23 Sudden vertigo as his torch reveals a gaping black abyss sign of the walls or ceiling. Below him, the cave plummet infinity.
15) 1) dialog: Yes! Yes! This is what it’s all about! No-one has ever seen this. No one! Here. Now. This is who you are, Frank Mcguire! A flash of light behind him. Judes pulls herself out of t tunnel, her eyes wide with excitement. She shakes a fragm of rock from her REBREATHER and puts it back on. VRRRRRR! The ROV pops out of the tunnel, filling the cham with light. The cave is monstrous. The ROV’s lights just manage to paint the far walls. Frank and Judes hang in th abyss, like two fireflies inside a cathedral. INT. FORWARD BASE COMMUNICATION TENT. Crazy George can’t drag his eyes away from the screen.
17) 0) text: Frank and Judes hover in the abyss, gazing in awestruck wonder at the new cave.
17) 1) dialog: (continuing) Heh! Judy-babe, we have scored big time. This place is... 24 Frank’s eyes suddenly narrow in concern. BUBBLES are streaming from Judes REBREATHER. Frank swims over to her. Frank signals she has a small leak. Judes looks confused. spins around so Frank can take a closer look. Frank notic small tear in the BREATHING HOSE, where it attaches to th COUNTERLUNGS. Frank reaches forward to examine the hose. BADOOSH! The hose suddenly pops free from the REBREATHER. Bubbles EXPLODE as Judes ALARM starts to scream. Red ligh bathes the cave. BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! Judes starts to sink. She signals to Fr still relatively calm: “out of air”. Frank duck-dives down to her. He removes his own mouthpie and offers it. Judes gulps down several BREATHS. They are sinking fast, Judes struggling to locate her WING INFLATO PFFFT! Frank starts pumping air into his WING to arrest t descent. BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! His REBREATHER HUD ALARM flash red as his oxygen spikes. Judes now looks really scared. By now, Frank is desperate to breathe himself. He gently pulls the mouthpiece away from Judes. She's reluctant to it go. Frank pulls harder. BLAM! Judes is suddenly all over Frank in a frenzy, a loo blind panic on her face. She claws at Frank’s face, rippi off his mask. POV Frank: A blurred red nightmare as Judes attacks him. Frank backs away, struggling to restrain her. Her attack grows weaker and weaker until... BLOOMPTH! A final exhalation of bubbles as she finally ta water into her lungs. Frank releases her and pulls out hi back-up mask. POV Frank: his vision clears as he empties the mask of wa Frank watches Judes spiral down into the darkness. Her li eventually disappears. INT. FORWARD BASE COMMUNICATIONS TENT. Crazy George gazes at the screen in horror. Frank turns a looks directly at the ROV CAMERA.
17) 12) dialog: Ci |
17) 14) dialog: Breathing hose. Ripped clean out of her counterlung. She must’ve loosened it going through the tunnel.
17) 16) dialog: You think I killed her?
17) 18) dialog: I should go back for her.
17) 20) dialog: ",..deeper for cheaper" Frank and George smile sadly. A long pause.
17) 46) dialog: You wanna quit drinking that shit. Makes you sound dopier than you really are.
17) 48) dialog: You enjoy showing off for your new mates? 30
17) 50) dialog: I told you to stay away from Carl. He collects people. (beat) Uses them. Josh finally turns and looks at his father.
17) 52) dialog: That's what Carl wants.
17) 54) dialog: You dive caves for long enough, this kind of thing happens. Judes knew the risks, better than anyone.
17) 56) dialog: What’s that supposed to mean?
17) 58) dialog: Look, nobody forced Judes to do anything!
17) 60) dialog: You're full of shit, mate. You haven't a fucking clue what you're talking about. You been hanging around with the yuppie too long. 31
17) 62) dialog: Yeah? Well. Soon as you start acting like an adult, I'll consider treating you like one...
19) 0) text: FRANK walks back toward the basecamp office, with Judes ADDRESS BOOK. He’s about to open the door when he hears RAISED VOICES from inside. POV Frank: Through the window, he sees Jim, Crazy George the expedition team huddled around the monitor. They're watching ROV footage from Judes death.
20) 0) text: Frank opens the door. Everyone falls silent.
20) 1) dialog: (long beat) Excuse me. I’ve a phone call to make. The team start to filter out. Many of them won’t look at Frank. Jim and Crazy George pause on their way out the do
20) 3) text: You should take a look at it, Frank. Before you make your decision. They leave. Frank slumps down into the chair, staring at phone. He glances at the MONITOR marked CAVE MAPPER. Fran can't help himself. He powers it up and gazes in disbelie a 3-D DIGITAL IMAGE of the cave scrolls across the screen The new section is massive: a huge air-filled chamber disappears into the unknown, the way forward marked with QUESTION MARK. A NOISE behind him. Frank spins around. Carl stands gazin the screen. He’s still looking green from the kava.
20) 5) dialog: Imposter. Drunk on opiates .«--We value life differently from a shallow world. Chasing now. It's become too damn dreams of immortality. (beat) important. You think Judes You've sold your soul. Now died with regret? Hell, no. deal with it. She died chasing her dream.
20) 7) dialog: Don't tell me what Judes would think! You didn't see her die. You weren't even there!
20) 9) dialog: Don’t you worry, Hurley. When I make my decision, I’1ll let you know. An awkward pause. Carl suddenly turns on the charm. 35
20) 10) text: Don't get me wrong, Frank. What you've achieved here is remarkable. He studies the new cave on the ROV MONITOR.
22) 0) text: Embers from the dying fire rise slowly in the pre-dawn ai Josh lies fast asleep outside Luko's hut. He's still full clothed from the night before. A BOOT rudely KICKS him aw Josh's eyes fly open. Frank stands looking down at him.
22) 1) dialog: Get up. I want everyone assembled in twenty minutes. Frank marches off. Josh gazes after him, still hungover.
23) 0) text: Frank and George are huddled around the computer. Frank T his fingers absently along to an AC-DC TUNE that’s playin the background. He’s studying a SATELLITE IMAGE of a STOR
23) 2) dialog: If she changes direction, Jim can give us a shout on the blower. (MORE)
23) 3) text: 36 FRANK (cont'd) She’1l hit the backside of the mountain first. That'll give us eight hours before the river starts to flood. Plenty of time to leg it back up.
23) 5) dialog: Cheers, George. We'll take the yuppie for a quick paddle around “the great unknown”. Let him name his fucking rock so we can all get the hell out of here. Jim walks in, Josh trailing behind him.
23) 6) dialog: Is everyone ready?
23) 8) dialog: (beat) We can manage without them. What about the others?
23) 10) dialog: They’re scared.
23) 12) dialog: Yes, I am. Every time. Josh looks surprised.
23) 13) dialog: The day you ain’t scared before a dive is the day you stop diving. 37
23) 15) dialog: Stop being a drama queen. Frank heads toward the door. Josh blocks his path.
23) 16) dialog: Step aside, Josh! A moment of tension between them. Josh eventually allows Frank to pass. Frank marches outside. TIGHT on Josh: a worried expression on his face. He glanc at the CAVE MAP on the wall. Frank has already pencilled the section where Judes died. The new cavern is marked ‘J Jewel’. The final strains of the AC-DC SONG drift from Frank's old CASETTE PLAYER.
24) 0) text: A loud ARGUMENT rages between several VILLAGERS, includin Luko. MACHETES have been drawn and tempers flare. Frank, Crazy George, Carl and Victoria watch the argument from the edge of the doline. They are kitted up and ready rappel. Frank looks up to find Josh standing there, weari his waterproofs and climbing harness.
24) 1) dialog: What are you doing?
24) 3) dialog: You made your position clear. We don't need your help.
24) 7) dialog: Let's go.
26) 0) text: Josh sits dejected on the edge of the cliff, watching Fra A moment passes between them. Then Frank steps into the darkness. Josh closes his eyes.
26) 16) text: Victoria's flashlight flickers on. Her eyes dart around i confusion as she tries to figure out what woke her. The NOISE from the stream has increased dramatically. The level of the water in the lake has risen to the point whe it's drenched the bottom of her sleeping bag. She KICKS C awake and stumbles across to Frank. Frank sits bolt uprig as Victoria’s light flits across his face.
26) 17) dialog: (continuing) Wake the others. Quickly. Frank pulls on his boots, grabs his flashlight and scramb toward the flooded communication tent.
27) 0) text: All the electronics are dead, submerged under two feet of water. Frank grabs the DIVE COM.
27) 1) dialog: Basecamp, basecamp... Frank flicks a switch. FZZZT! A burst of SPARKS as the sy shorts out. Frank races back outside. EXT. FORWARD BASE. Frank marches toward the sump. The other team members are already gathered on the shoreline. Their combined lights reveal a disturbing sight: the cave is flooding, the wate level rising so fast, they can actually see it creeping u the shore. Frank has to SHOUT to be heard above the noise the water.
27) 2) dialog: We can't stay here! Secure the equipment!
27) 4) dialog: You're assuming we can. Silence as the team considers this. Luko looks terrified. 43
27) 5) text: (continuing) Start kitting up. All of you. The team race around the camp, securing gear and pulling their WETSUITS. Frank feeds rope through a CEILING BOLT. George helps secure the REBREATHERS to the rope.
27) 7) dialog: Christ knows. Those fuckers had better not be asleep up there! Stand clear! Frank HEAVES on the rope and hauls the REBREATHERS toward ceiling of the cave, where they are tied off and secured. team start donning their climbing harnesses. George passe rope and CLIPS everyone together.
27) 8) dialog: (continuing) All right, listen up. This is gonna get real nasty. Keep a close eye on the person in front. Frank starts tearing excess gear off Carl and Victoria’s harnesses.
27) 9) dialog: Stay on the rope. Three points of contact at all times.
27) 11) dialog: Sure. Try not to fuck up. The team wade out into the river.
29) 2) dialog: Through there.
29) 4) dialog: Wait here. Frank scrambles up the cliff face and cautiously approach the water-filled tunnel. His feet slip and slide on the treacherous rocks. Bracing himself against the tunnel wal Frank sneaks a look upstream: the tunnel is impassable, t flow too strong. Frank sags. Then he sees a FLASH of light on the other si of the tunnel.
29) 5) dialog: Who’s there?! No answer. Then a familiar voice, barely audible against ROAR of the water.
29) 7) dialog: Josh? What the hell are you doing? 45
29) 8) text: I came to tell you...the cave’s flooding! Frank shakes his head in disbelief.
29) 9) dialog: No shit! (furious) Why didn’t they call us?
29) 12) dialog: Feed us the rope! Josh removes a 50 METER ROPE from around his neck. He gla around for an anchor point and loops the rope around the boulder he’s sheltering behind.
30) 0) text: Frank catches the rope as it shoots out of the tunnel. He hoists it out of the water. ZIIIP! Josh slides two JUMARS down the rope to Frank.
30) 8) dialog: Luko! Use the jumars! Streamline yourself!
30) 12) dialog: Josh! Look out! cur To: Josh spins around just in time to see the BOULDER come CRASHING toward him. The force of the water, combined wit Luko’s weight has turned it into a fearsome projectile. Josh leaps forward to escape being crushed. The river suc him down into the tunnel. CRUNCH! The BOULDER slams into tunnel entrance, sealing it shut.
30) 14) dialog: Everyone back down the tunnel! Move!
30) 16) dialog: It’s punching a way through! BLAM! A fist-sized section of the cliff wall flies toward them as the water blasts a new route downstream. POP! POP! POP! More sections of the cliff wall explode ar them. A large STALACTITE falls from the ceiling, narrowly missing Josh. The cave fills with SPRAY and NOISE. Luko starts scrambling back up the rope just as... BADOOM! A HISSING, MALEVOLENT geyser of spray SMASHES int him like a thousand firehoses combined. He is blasted thr the air and SLAMMED into the far cave wall. Luko crumples falls into the river. He is immediately washed downstream
30) 17) dialog: Josh! Grab him! Josh is frozen in shock and unable to move. Luko breaks t surface and reaches toward him, barely conscious.
30) 18) dialog: Josh! Help him, for fuck's sake! 48 Josh watches helplessly as Luko is washed away into the darkness. VARIOUS SHOTS as the team react to Luko’s death. All eyes eventually turn from Josh to Frank. Frank gazes around the cave, sizing up his adversary. The chamber is quickly filling with water.
30) 19) dialog: We're heading back down.
30) 21) dialog: We stay here, we'll be drowned like rats.(beat) We’ve got to find higher ground.
30) 23) dialog: (long beat) Through the restriction. VARIOUS REACTION SHOTS as they take this in.
31) 1) dialog: Grab anything that looks useful. George, prep the ‘breathers.
31) 3) dialog: ...Try and think of it as a normal night dive. George’ll be with you every step of the way... 49
31) 5) dialog: We're taking him out of retirement.
31) 7) dialog: It's a body tube. Same as you've done in dry cave, but with water. (beat) You gonna be okay?
31) 15) text: Over here! Someone bring the medical kit! The others wade over and stand horrified. Frank takes one look at Luko and throws the medical kit away. He leans forward to examine him. Luko tries to speak. Bloody froth pours from his broken jaw.
31) 16) dialog: Easy. Don't try to talk.
31) 18) dialog: (long beat) Leave us alone.
31) 20) dialog: There's nothing we can do.
31) 22) dialog: George, take Josh.
31) 24) dialog: (beat) I'm going to take care of it.
31) 30) dialog: I don't intend to.
31) 34) dialog: George, get him away from here!
31) 36) dialog: You haven't a fucking clue have you? Any of you! You've spent your whole lives wrapped in cotton wool. You wanna play at being adventurers? Well welcome to the show! First prize - you get to live, second prize, you don’t. Boo- fucking-hoo! Silence as they consider this. Victoria steps forward, le toward Luko and kisses his hand. Luko MOANS in pain. Vict starts to WEEP. Carl leads her away.
31) 40) text: There is: you can do as Frank says. Josh stands helpless. After a few seconds, he follows Cra George into the darkness. Frank approaches his old friend Though barely conscious, Luko seems to understand what mu be done. cur TO: Josh flashes his light back toward his father. Frank is holding Luko's head beneath the surface of the water. Jos shudders and turns away.
31) 41) text: The team float upon the surface of the moon pool, wearing full DIVE EQUIPMENT. Frank surfaces. Josh still can't bri himself to look at him.
31) 42) dialog: That’s it. It’s tetally flooded. A moment as they take this in.
31) 44) dialog: So I finally managed to get you into one of these...
31) 46) dialog: Keep hold of the line at all All gasses on? Okay. Start times...I taught you how to callin' the numbers... clear your mask?
31) 48) dialog: Show me. Buoyancy and bailout? 53 Josh SIGHS and demonstrates the technique.
31) 49) dialog: Good. You keep your mouthpiece in at all times. Flood the breathing loop and it’s all over...
31) 51) dialog: Yeah. Just like Judes.
31) 53) dialog: Well now you get to hear it twice. Green light's good, red light's bad. I'11 monitor your PPO2 and decompression. You remember what I told you about decompression sickness?
31) 63) dialog: We'll have about four hours of decompression to do once we reach the other side. Stay at the same depth as me, or your blood'll start fizzing like a dropped soda. 54
31) 65) dialog: All right, let's visualize the dive. Visibility’s gonna be stirred to shit, so we can’t use the DPV’s. We have a long swim to the restriction. Stay behind me at all times and pace yourselves. The tunnel gets real tight in places. Don't freak out if it silts up. Just stay on the line and wait for it to clear.
31) 67) dialog: I'll lead, followed by Josh, then Carl, then you. (beat) Victoria at the back. Victoria glares at Frank. The implication is clear: Frank worried she'll panic.
31) 68) dialog: (continuing) Focus on breathing. Deep and slow. One person loses it down there, we all die. Victoria looks sick with fright.
31) 70) dialog: Everyone clear on the plan?
31) 74) dialog: I’1l see you on the other side.
31) 76) text: VARIOUS SHOTS as a thick shroud of silt cocoons the diver Frank appears out of the gloom, his thumb and forefinger circled around the GUIDELINE. He sweeps his arm up and do through the murk, like a blind man using a cane. He passe several plastic CAVE ARROWS, clipped to the line at intervals, pointing the way back out. Suddenly, the cave materializes in Frank's HID LIGHT. Josh jumps in fright as Frank’s face suddenly looms out o the dark. They exchange “okay” signals and descend along cave wall. CRUMP! Carl bangs into the cave wall, dislodging a huge STALACTITE. He YELLS a muffled warning into his mouthpiec Crazy George CURSES as the STALACTITE whizzes by, narrowl missing him. Victoria tightens her grip around Crazy Geor wrist. They continue onward. 56
31) 77) text: Frank leads the divers along the GUIDELINE until they rea the claustrophobic tunnel. It’s barely visible through th milky white-out. Victoria's eyes widen when she sees how tight the restric is. We hear her BREATHING increase as she fights the risi wave of panic. Frank circles his flashlight: ‘okay?' He receives a shaky signal back from her. Frank and George remove the EQUIPMENT PACKS from their harness and clip them around their ankles, so they can be dragged through the tunnel. Silt swirls. Frank removes his REBREATHER and holds it in front of him The others nervously do the same. Frank signals for Josh ‘buddy up’ with him. Pushing his REBREATHER ahead of him, Frank disappears into the hole. After a few seconds, Josh follows. INT. BODY TUBE - DEVIL'S RESTRICTION. POV Josh: He follows Frank into the tunnel, keeping his h on the line at all times. Frank's pack and fins can just seen scraping along the tunnel ahead. Breathe. Push. Brea Push.
31) 79) text: Back at the entrance, Carl disappears into the tunnel. Cr George turns toward Victoria and taps her on the shoulder She jumps. George shows her a message on his WRIST SLATE: "YOU CAN DO IT", next to a SMILEY FACE. Victoria nods her head, grateful. Crazy George squeezes her hand reassuring Then he disappears into the tunnel. INT. BODY TUBE - DEVIL'S RESTRICTION. A nightmarish sequence as the divers crawl down the body in near-zero visibilty: Frank glances behind him. The dull orange glow of Josh's light approaches. They exchange ‘okay’ signals. 57 Further back in the tunnel, Carl wedges stuck. He tries turn around but can't move. His BREATHING skyrockets. Car braces himself and STRAINS against the ceiling. White fragments of rock break free and dance like snowflakes against his helmet. He eventually manages to pull himself forward. Crazy George freezes as the ceiling starts to CREAK and GROAN. He glances back and sees Victoria waiting patientl for him. They exchange ‘okay’ signals. After a few second George continues, his eyes glued nervously to the ceiling Victoria claws her way forward, following Crazy George's EQUIPMENT BAG. Her eyes are fixed with dogged determinati She’s HUMMING a tune: “ONWARD CHRISTIAN SOLDIERS”, to cal herself down. INT. UNEXPLORED ABYSS. Darkness. Then the hazy glow of approaching lights. A thi cloud of silt billows from the tunnel in the cliff wall. free-fall parachutists emerging from a cloud, the divers break through into the gin-clear waters of the abyss. Victoria finally appears, a victorious grin on her face. Crazy George swims over, shakes her hand and then helps h back into the REBREATHER. Frank shows Josh his VR3 DIVE
33) 0) text: Blackness. Josh wakes with a start and stares up at the c ceiling. It takes him a moment to remember where he is. Frank is busy changing the batteries in the FLASHLIGHTS. George is filling a DRIED FOOD PACK with water. Carl is s alone on a rock, staring out into space. Victoria lies SHIVERING inside her SPACE BLANKET: she’s hypothermic and utterly miserable. GEORGE offers her some food. Josh crawls toward the EQUIPMENT BAGS and starts rummagin through the SUPPLIES. He pulls out a food bag and walks d to the water. Frank crouches by the shoreline, his flashl fixed upon a submerged rock far out in the water. He’s watching, listening, feeling the cave.
33) 1) dialog: How are the supplies looking? Josh is still angry. He ignores his father.
33) 2) dialog: I said...
33) 4) dialog: This place will be underwater in a couple of days.
33) 6) text: See that rock? Last night it was above water. Frank marches over to the EQUIPMENT BAG and pulls out sev items: A ROPE, COMPASS and VERTICAL GEAR. Carl shuffles o
33) 8) dialog: Who?
33) 10) dialog: There's no rescues down here, mate. Only body recoveries.
33) 12) dialog: Then what? No amount of money is gonna save you now. Folk up there already think you're dead.
33) 15) dialog: No plan ever survived contact with the enemy. And this cave just shat out every plan I had.
33) 17) text: You could try calling your lawyers, so they can sue me. Oh, no. I forgot... Frank lowers his voice to an angry whisper
33) 18) dialog: Some fucker switched the comms off! Carl goes white as a sheet as Frank storms off.
33) 19) dialog: Stay here. I’m going to scout ahead. Carl shouts after him.
33) 21) dialog: For what? The lights to go out? Batteries won't last forever. Carl considers this. Then reaches up and switches his HEL LIGHT off.
34) 0) text: An expanse of sand dunes stretch along the banks of an underground lake. Frank follows the shoreline, flashing h light around the cave. Josh follows, keeping out of sight Frank pauses to take a compass reading. Josh ducks as Fra light swings toward him. When Josh looks up, Frank is gon Josh considers following. Then gazes nervously around him
35) 6) dialog: It don't matter now. Frank steps out of the darkness. He's overheard everythin
35) 7) dialog: (continuing) None of it. What matters now is survival.
35) 11) dialog: Where is Josh?
36) 4) dialog: Josh! Josh! His voice ECHOES eerily around the walls of the cave.
36) 9) dialog: Josh! He freezes as he hears Frank’s voice. But he can’t tell w direction it’s coming from.
36) 11) dialog: Don’t move! Keep talking!
36) 13) dialog: I thought I told you to stay with the group?
36) 16) text: You get lost down here and it’s all over. Don't ever wander off again! Understand? Josh bristles in anger and SLAPS Frank’s hand away.
37) 6) text: Did you hear about the time Frank really fucked up? Josh tries to conceal his interest.
38) 2) dialog: Are you okay?
38) 4) dialog: We’1l camp here. Frank nods toward Carl’s distant light.
38) 5) dialog: (continuing) I'm guessing this is a little more adventurous than his usual excursions?
38) 9) dialog: Usual sponsors would have turned this into a circus. Twenty guys, all with different agendas. I've dealt with enough of those fucksticks to last a lifetime. Rocks CLATTER down the slope as Carl reaches the top.
38) 10) dialog: I figured your boy up there was the best way to get some real exploration done. (beat) This wasn’t quite what I had in mind. Victoria smiles as she gazes into Frank's eyes.
38) 12) dialog: Don’t go fooling yourself. Down here, you’re on your own. A voice from the darkness above them.
38) 14) text: Welcome to 'Carl's Cavern’. Frank and Crazy George exchange a withering look. FLASH! Carl’s powerful CAMERA STROBE reveals the vastness of the chamber they have just walked through. The walls and ceil are covered in millions of delicate white straws.
38) 19) dialog: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
38) 21) dialog: You listen to me! When they pull our bodies outta here, they ain't finding no Goddamn tourist shots. Not of me and not of my son, grinning like an idiot! Understand?
38) 23) text: Jesus, Frank. You're choking him.
38) 25) dialog: They’1l1 find us with our tanks empty and our fingers scraped to the bone. Frank turns to Josh.
38) 26) dialog: (continuing) They ain't handing your mother a Goddamn photograph. Frank storms away, back down the boulder slope.
39) 0) text: TIGHT on Frank: looking grim as he fits the last set of BATTERIES into the flashlights. He shoulders his pack and starts KICKING everyone awake.
39) 1) dialog: C’mon. Let’s move. Various GROANS as everyone rolls over in their SPACE BLAN in a vain attempt to go back to sleep.
39) 2) dialog: Now!
40) 0) text: VARIOUS SHOTS: Frank leads the team along a series of nar tunnels, winding ever upwards. Several smaller tunnels br off. Frank ignores them and continues moving forward.
41) 0) text: The tunnel ends abruptly at the edge of a sheer drop. No forward. The team collapse to the floor, utterly exhauste Frank crouches at the edge of the precipice and launches rock. 72 After six seconds, we hear a distant SPLOSH!
41) 2) dialog: We ain't going back. Frank tosses the rope down into the drop and secures it.
41) 3) dialog: I want you to start ferrying the others down as quickly as possible...
41) 6) dialog: No! Josh sags and slouches away. Frank calls after him.
41) 7) dialog: I need a good rope man below. Josh swells slightly at this veiled compliment and starts eagerly prepping his vertical gear. Victoria flashes an approving smile at Frank. Frank shrugs as if to say “yeah yeah”. Carl ambles over to Crazy George, who is resting further the tunnel, breathing oxygen from his REBREATHER. He quic conceals his SHAKING ARM as Carl approaches.
41) 15) dialog: I reckon we are about...thirty feet from the surface. Carl gazes up in astonishment. And hope.
41) 16) dialog: But unless you brought some dynamite, that ain’t gonna help us much.
41) 18) dialog: They’re too small. We go back down. And hope the lower cave ain’t flooded yet.
41) 20) dialog: You wanna wake up and have a word with yourself. This ain’t no democracy. Frank steps off the edge of the drop and rappels down int the darkness. Josh clips himself onto the rope.
41) 23) dialog: Josh! Get down here! Josh glances down at his father’s light far below. He shr and casts Carl an apologetic look. Josh disappears over t cliff. Carl glowers after him.
42) 0) text: Frank stands waist deep in an underground lake, holding o the bottom of the rope. He gazes up at Josh's light far a him. ZIIIIIIP! Josh zooms down the rope and breaks hard, bouncing to a halt only inches above Frank's head. Frank shoots him a disapproving look.
42) 1) dialog: Quit showin’ off. Wait here and help the others. I’1l scout on ahead. Frank shoulders his EQUIPMENT BAG and wades out into the water.
42) 3) dialog: Soon as you stop getting lost. 75
46) 7) dialog: Josh! There's a ledge to your left! Josh gazes down at his father's light far below him. Then starts to climb.
46) 14) dialog: No! Josh is right beneath you!
47) 0) text: Frank is performing a full NEUROLOGICAL EXAM on Crazy Geo who is breathing oxygen from Frank’s REBREATHER. His own REBREATHER lays smashed on the rocks around him. Crazy Ge is having trouble focussing on Frank’s finger as he waves in front of his face. Josh watches from a few feet away, supervising the rope as the others rappel down.
47) 1) dialog: See how his left eye is tracking much slower than the right? Josh nods his head.
47) 2) dialog: Helium bubble. Wedged in his spine. (to George) You’ve bent yourself good and proper this time. Crazy George takes the MOUTHPIECE out and pats the OXYGEN CYLINDER in the REBREATHER.
47) 4) dialog: Soon as we find some deep water, we’ll recompress you.
47) 6) dialog: Yeah. It was. Josh can’t believe it. A compliment? From Frank? Frank shoulders one of the REBREATHERS and wades out into the darkness. He pauses below the drop and gazes up. 81
48) 0) text: The deafening ROAR of a waterfall can be heard close by. Frank and Josh are busy rigging the easiest route downstr Josh looks back to see Crazy George staggering through th waist-deep water.
48) 2) dialog: I’1l have to kill him. Josh looks shocked. Then realizes Frank is joking. Frank casts an admiring glance back toward Crazy George. Badly injured, yet still helping Victoria navigate the river.
48) 3) dialog: (laughing) We’1ll stick the poor bugger on oxygen at 10 meters. He'll be right as rain. They walk on for a few paces.
48) 5) dialog: Yeah, sure. I reckon I owe you that. (beat) No ropes though? Josh walks on. Frank watches him for a few seconds.
48) 6) dialog: I haven’t been the greatest father, Josh. I realize that. Josh stops in his tracks. 82
48) 8) dialog: But it was never really about exploration. This place is my church. Frank gazes reverently around the cave.
48) 9) dialog: My sanctum. The only place I get to hold a mirror to my soul. (beat) I do this because I have to.
49) 0) text: The river suddenly disappears over a series of three waterfalls. A steep cliff borders the edge of the falls: easy way down. A thick MIST fills the air. Frank has to S to be heard above the ROAR of water.
49) 1) dialog: Reckon you can find the way down?
49) 4) dialog: We'll rig the zip line! Frank wades back over to the shallows at the edge of the falls and pulls a 50 METER ROPE out of the equipment bag. 83 Victoria sits on a rock a few feet away, SHIVERING uncontrollably. She's helping Crazy George keep his MOUTHPIECE in place. Frank's eyes register concern: Crazy George's condition h worsened considerably. He’s turning blue and his facial muscles now droop like a stroke victim.
49) 5) dialog: (continuing) How you doing, tough guy? George weakly flashes him an "okay" signal.
49) 6) dialog: (continuing) Looks like there’s a deep pool below the falls. Hang in there. Won’t be long now.
49) 9) dialog: Pass the cams! Frank slips a large CAM into a crack in the ceiling while Carl prepares the drop rope. cur TO: Josh arrives at the pool below the last waterfall: it’s d and crystal clear. Josh quickly fixes a CAM into the wall flashes his light up toward Frank.
49) 11) text: I have it! Start sending the equipment down! Frank clips the REBREATHERS and EQUIPMENT BAGS to the rop The first REBREATHER is launched over the waterfall and Z down the line, SPLASHING into the plunge pool beside Josh Another REBREATHER zooms down the line seconds later. The EQUIPMENT BAGS soon follow.
49) 12) dialog: George! You’re next! Victoria helps Crazy George to his feet. They stagger forward. POV Crazy George: as he wades through the water toward Fr his world starts to SPIN. Vertigo assaults his senses. He lurches toward the edge of the falls.
49) 17) dialog: No! Stay on the rope! Carl turns back but it’s too late. TWANG! The ZIP LINE whiplashes through the ANCHOR BOLT and disappears downstr
49) 19) dialog: Josh! Grab the rope! We’re losing the equipment! Josh spots the rope in the pool below him. It’s slowly be washed downstream. Josh glances up at Victoria, still han inverted fifty feet above him. He deliberates: does he he Victoria or save the equipment? Josh makes his decision. He continues to climb up toward Victoria.
49) 21) dialog: Josh! Goddamn it! cut TO: POV Victoria: Through the savage jets of water, she can s Josh’s light approaching from below. She manages to pull head out of the ferocious flow and into an airspace behin the waterfall. Gasping for breath, she calls down to Josh
50) 0) text: VARIOUS SHOTS as the team stumble their way downstream, following the raging river. Frank leads the way. A grim look on his face as he naviga the best way downstream. He is wearing the last remaining REBREATHER. Carl flashes his light back toward Crazy George and Josh. considers returning to help them, but is too exhausted. H staggers downstream past Frank, his face set in stone. Crazy George is in a bad way. Josh has to support him as stumbles across the rocks. Frank waits for them. Frank helps drag Crazy George across a set of rapids. He reaches back to offer Josh a helping hand. Josh refuses. moment of tension as they confront each other. Josh pushe past him, into the darkness. Four lights, continuing steadily downstream until finally
51) 4) dialog: (beat) It means, we need it to get out. Frank flashes his light around. A dry tunnel leads upward
51) 5) dialog: Up there. We’ll be safe up there.
51) 13) dialog: Help me get him somewhere dry. Frank hauls Crazy George to his feet. He gazes at Frank i half-conscious daze.
52) 0) text: Frank and Josh drag Crazy George up the narrow tunnel. Th river has become a DISTANT ROAR below them. They stagger of the tunnel and emerge inside a tall, dry, chimney-like room. Carl is kneeling in the center of the Chimney. Josh stagg forward, flashing his light around the walls.
52) 5) text: Frank is on the far side of the cavern, busy checking ove the remaining REBREATHER. His FLASHLIGHT casts ghostly shadows over the cavern walls. Crazy George lays in Josh's arms, MOANING in a feverish sleep. Carl glances down at his cracked TAG HEUER DIVE WA Broken now.
52) 14) dialog: In Xanadu...did Kubla Khan...
52) 15) dialog: A stately pleasure dome decree...
52) 16) dialog: Where Alph the scared river, ran...
52) 17) dialog: Down to a sunless sea. 92
53) 0) text: Frank sleeps, tucked inside a rocky crevasse. He looks li he’s part of the cave walls. Josh shakes him awake, a concerned look on his face.
53) 1) dialog: What is it?
54) 0) text: Frank and Josh stand by the water. The last REBREATHER is missing. No sign of Carl.
54) 1) dialog: Son of a bitch!
54) 4) dialog: Either way, we lose.
54) 6) dialog: We find another way out. 93
54) 7) text: Frank sits in a depressed trance, CLICKING his fading FLASHLIGHT on and off repeatedly as he stares at the SKEL REMAINS of the two divers. Josh watches him from a distance as he tends to Crazy Geo Crazy George’s condition has worsened overnight. He lays Josh's arms, barely conscious.
54) 21) dialog: A Samurai prepares himself each day for his own death. That’s what makes him invincible. Josh gazes up at him, a worried expression on his face. F suddenly grins at him.
54) 22) dialog: c'mon. We're getting out of here.
54) 24) dialog: We'll float up through the ceiling. Josh suddenly looks scared. His father is clearly insane. Frank wipes the DARK STAIN off the skull with his finger waves it in front of Josh's face. Josh wrinkles his nose.
54) 26) dialog: Bat guano. Follow me.
54) 29) dialog: Yeah. Trust me.
54) 31) dialog: We don’t climb. We float.
55) 0) text: Frank and Josh carry the boulders down toward the sump. BADOOSH! Frank heaves his boulder into the water and watc it sink toward the entrance of the underwater tunnel.
55) 2) dialog: We'll flood the cavern. The water will carry us right up to the ceiling.
55) 4) dialog: You got something better to do? SPLOSH! Josh throws his rock into the water and reluctant trudges after his father.
55) 6) dialog: It’s working. Frank shines his fading beam toward the shoreline. The wa is already creeping up toward them. Josh rolls over onto back and WHOOPS for joy.
55) 11) dialog: C'mon, get up.
55) 13) dialog: We are getting out of here.
55) 15) dialog: Quit whining. Engage rational thought.
55) 20) dialog: Finished?
55) 22) dialog: We don’t have time. 98 Frank disappears into the darkness, leaving Josh in the After a few moments, Josh starts CRYING. Great wracking S shudder through his body, leaving him a quivering mess, devoid of all humanity. Josh closes his eyes. cur TO: Josh open his eyes. They are caked in mud, tears and swea He sits up and gazes around him, unsure of his surroundin His vision blurs as a DIM LIGHT falls across his face. He watches the light approach. Holds out his hand in fear.
55) 24) dialog: You ain't dead yet. It's Frank. Carrying a rock toward the water. SPLOSH! Fra heaves the rock into the sump and turns back toward Chimn Josh can see a fresh pile of rocks in the bottom of the s Frank has been busy rebuilding the dam. Josh staggers to his feet. His vision WHIRLS as he stagge after his father. He’s in a state of nervous exhaustion.
55) 28) dialog: ..ear what I said? We've got to get out of here. Now! Josh blinks and gazes around him. He’s standing in waist- water. The light from their FLASHLIGHTS has dimmed considerably: the batteries are almost dead. The dam is completed. The water level has already risen several feet and is working its way into the Chimney tunn Josh and Frank are unrecognizable: covered from head to f in mud, their fingers and faces cut and bloody. They collapse into each others arms, sharing a significan moment of accomplishment and achievement. Then they stagger back up toward Chimney.
56) 7) dialog: It’s no good. I-I can’t reach it. Suddenly, Frank’s FLASHLIGHT flickers and dies.
56) 8) dialog: Pass me your light! As Josh passes Frank the final FLASHLIGHT, Frank’s eyes narrow in concern. The dull beam reveals a black TIDAL MA around the walls of the chimney, left by the falling wate
56) 9) dialog: The dam’s giving way.
56) 11) dialog: Tidal mark. The water’s dropping. The same thought crosses their minds at the same time: th reach up toward the ceiling. It’s already further away. Suddenly, a grotesque GURGLING SOUND fills the air. In th center of the Chimney, a mass of floating debris suddenly starts to spin. Josh sees it too: a BLACK WHIRLPOOL is steadily forming around them as the water subsides.
56) 12) dialog: Quickly! Josh swims over to Frank, who wedges himself into a crack the cave wall. Josh clambers up onto his father’s body an manages to grab an outcrop of rock on the ceiling. Clinging to the ceiling like Spiderman, Josh inches his w across the roof and up into the escape tunnel. He reaches down toward his father. Frank is already fighting to stay afloat as the whirlpool spins him around the cavern. Josh goes to grab his father. Misses. Grabs again. Just manages to clutch his hand. Neither of them speak. A simp look indicates the sudden shift of power. Josh hauls his father up out of the water. They gaze down the water in the chimney gets NOISILY flushed away. 102 Then their final FLASHLIGHT flickers out. Total darkness long unbearable silence.
56) 13) dialog: Christ. It’s blacker than the inside of a dog. After a few seconds, Josh starts to CHUCKLE at Frank’s li Then he LAUGHS out loud. This causes Frank to burst out LAUGHING. Their hysterical gales of laughter fill the cav ECHOING off the walls.
56) 18) dialog: Fresh air! After a few seconds, Josh realizes he can dimly see his father.
57) 2) dialog: C'mon. Let’s check out the other side. They stumble forward into the light.
57) 4) dialog: Now there’s something you don’t see every day. They scramble down to investigate.
57) 5) dialog: There was a tank battalion stationed here during the war.(beat) We must be close to the ocean. 104 Josh glances up at the skylight far above them.
57) 7) dialog: Guess not. Frank reaches inside the tank and pulls out a pack of S-RATIONS. He throws the pack to Josh with a big grin on face.
57) 8) dialog: Hungry? cuT TO: A ROARING FIRE burns brightly in the center of the cavern illuminating the walls and casting a cheery glow. Frank douses another FALLEN BRANCH with gasoline from the Tank’ JERRY CAN and hurls it onto the flames. WHOOMPTH! Josh sits on top of the tank, wolfing down a bar of CHOCOLATE. He SIGHS at the indescribable pleasure of each mouthful as he basks in the heat from the fire.
57) 11) dialog: Hope can be a dangerous thing. We find our own way out. Josh gazes at the cave walls.
57) 15) dialog: Don't take it personally. We’re here, now. And that’s all that matters. Until we accept that, we're never getting out of here. INT. BAT‘’S BELFRY - NIGHT Darkness. A dim BLUE LIGHT bathes Josh’s face. He snaps a and gazes around him, a confused look on his face.
57) 17) dialog: What? Josh spots the STARS and MOON shining down through the skylight.
58) 2) text: The tunnel soon narrows. Sweat beads Josh’s brow as he squeezes his way down the tight body tube. The torch SING his hair and almost burns his face. Josh turns back toward his father. Frank is crawling thro the tunnel a few feet behind him.
59) 0) text: Josh and Frank wade through the waist deep water, followi the sluggish river. Their torches reflect against the obsidian black walls. Josh wrinkles his nose in disgust. Floating in the water around them are dozens of DROWNED RATS. Josh pushes them aside and continues onward. The tunnel becomes filled with debris that has been washe down by the river: TREE BRANCHES, VEGETATION and the rott carcasses of several DEAD ANIMALS. Josh starts recognizin REBREATHER PARTS and DIVE EQUIPMENT, smashed and broken a the rocks lining the tunnel. 107 INT. DANTE’S NIGHTMARE Rounding a corner, the tunnel ends abruptly in a small ro filled with half-submerged rocks. The rocks act as a drai collecting any debris that’s been flushed into the cave. covers his nose and fights the urge to retch: the stinkin effluent has formed a festering lake. A MOAN in the darkn causes them to spin around. Cari sits SHIVERING in the darkness. He is almost unrecognizable: his face is covered in blood, mud and bruises. Madness rages in his eyes as he raises his hands protect himself from the harsh glare of their torches. Half-eaten RAT CARCASSES litter the shoreline around him. pile of dead FLASHLIGHTS lay discarded at his side. Carl staggers toward them, as if in a drunken stupor.
59) 13) dialog: C'mon. We're getting out of here. Carl crawls over to Josh and grabs his hand.
60) 0) text: Frank and Josh are kneeling by the shoreline, fitting Jud cylinders into the REBREATHER.
60) 1) dialog: I reckon we're only a couple of miles from the ocean... Frank nods toward the water.
60) 2) dialog: We can buddy breathe through the sump. Follow the river. That will lead us out... Suddenly, a strange look crosses Frank’s face. He glances down in confusion and fear.
60) 4) dialog: Oh...fuck... Josh reels back in horror. The tip of a DIVE KNIFE is sticking out of Frank's ribcage. Frank slumps to the floo Carl kneels behind Frank holding the bloodied knife. He l it toward Josh’s throat. 110
60) 15) dialog: The-the rebreather? Josh glances toward the sump. The REBREATHER is smoulderi by the water’s edge: the oxygen cylinder still on fire. J shakes his head sadly. Frank MOANS in despair and pain. Josh uses the knife to c strip from his WETSUIT. He starts padding Frank's wound. Frank gazes toward Carl’s unconscious body. 112
60) 18) dialog: Kill him. Do it. Quickly. Before he wakes up. Josh considers this. Then heaves Frank toward the sump.
60) 20) dialog: T-There’s not enough gas for...both of us. Take it, Josh. Leave me and...ahhhhh! Frank cries out in pain and fear.
60) 22) dialog: Listen...listen to me...You have to...trust me on this. Trust the cave..follow the river. It’1l lead you out...
60) 25) text: An eerie YELLOW GLOW fills the underwater sump as Josh CR open a LIGHT STICK. Frank and Josh bounce their way down the underwater cliff wall, into the depths of the sump. As they hit the sandy bottom, they see a small tunnel disappearing into the dar PFFT! Josh cracks open the DILUENT CYLINDER and snatches breath directly from the valve. Bubbles EXPLODE and POP around him. He offers the cylinder to Frank, cracking the valve open so he can take a breath. Then Josh grabs Frank harness and pulls him into the tunnel. Josh swims directly above Frank, orchestrating the task- loading job of BUDDY-BREATHING from the DILUENT CYLINDER, while pulling them both along the wall.
60) 28) text: Dad? Dad! Josh has to SHAKE his father back to consciousness. Frank blinks, spits blood and gazes around weakly.
60) 30) dialog: N-no more. Please. Leave me here...It...hurts so bad... Josh drags his father’s mask back in place.
61) 0) text: Josh drags Frank high up the shoreline and collapses into thick black clay covering the floor. Josh gazes around: another vast and featureless air-filled cavern: his LIGHT STICK barely pierces the dark.
61) 2) dialog: J-Josh. L-L-Leave me! 115
61) 3) text: Shhh! Easy now. (obviously lying) Can you feel it? There’s a breeze coming from somewhere. We must be close. Josh staggers to his feet. He CRACKS the third CYLUME STI and hands Frank the old one.
61) 6) dialog: Unnng! Goddamn it! Kill me! Do this for me. Josh. Kill me. Please... You have to...have to... Frank suddenly reaches up and touches Josh's face.
61) 7) dialog: .+-Forgive me...