3) 2) text: Alright, I’1l give you a progress report: we’re down here, busting our balls, while you fuck off to pick up your girlfriend. Victoria, Josh and the basecamp manager, JIM SERGEANT (36 hover in the background next to an enormous CAVE MAP. Jim Josh exchange a look: this is typical Frank.
7) 7) dialog: I doubt it. You want my opinion, Frank’s lost the fucking plot. The KAMOV touches down, creating a huge cloud of dust. Ji approaches one of the local villagers who is supervising unloading of OXYGEN CYLINDERS from the CRANE. Luko (24) speaks in a heavily accented PIDGIN ENGLISH. We catch maybe two words in three. He's a large, powerful ma Respected among his tribe and feared as a fierce warrior. Luko has a BEECH NUT CIGARETTE permanently glued to his bottom lip.
7) 9) dialog: Buy yu sackem-out cigarette blong you, eh? All tank yia ee save boom! Killem all dead. Jim marches over to the basecamp office, Carl doggedly following him.
7) 11) dialog: He means the helicopter. Josh suddenly bursts out of the office doorway, with Vict in tow. They are both rigged in CLIMBING HARNESSES. Jim g Josh in a friendly HEADLOCK on the bottom step.
7) 12) dialog: Back in the doghouse, mate! Right where you belong. 14
7) 14) dialog: Oh, he noticed alright. Took hima full day to get down there without you.
7) 16) dialog: Yeah, well. Don’t look so chuffed. He’s put you on double rope duty for the rest of the week. Starting now. Josh SIGHS heavily. Victoria places her hand on his shoul
7) 18) dialog: (long beat) Go on. I haven’t seen you.
7) 24) dialog: You should go with them, Carl. Try and enjoy the last few days. I’1l let you know if Frank finds anything. Jim disappears inside the office. TIGHT on Carl. He doesn look happy at all. 15
7) 25) text: Jim switches on the DIVE COM and gazes at the ROV MONITOR
7) 26) dialog: Where are they, George?
10) 9) dialog: What the fuck is he up to?
12) 6) dialog: Hello? (SIGHS heavily)
13) 1) dialog: Carl! For you. Again. Carl suddenly turns and races toward the edge of the clif
16) 0) text: Jim and the team members stare at the monitor in hushed amazement.
16) 1) dialog: Yeah. It’s amazing.(beat) Somebody better fetch Carl. Nobody moves.
17) 3) text: EXCITED CHATTER as Carl, Josh, Victoria and Luko travel u the METAL CAGE attached to the CRANE. Carl is showing Jos the BASE JUMP HARNESS. The cage clears the edge of the cl Jim stands waiting for them, looking white as a sheet. Ot expedition members stand in utter shock. Some of them are CRYING. In an instant, all the color drains from Josh's f
17) 5) dialog: Your Dad's fine. TIGHT on Josh: unable to disguise his relief. dim casts an angry glance at Carl, who stands holding his BASE JUMP CHUTE.
17) 6) dialog: They just broke this cave for you, Hurley. (beat) Judes didn't make it. TIGHT on Carl as he takes this in. INT. UNDERWATER DECO HABITAT - 8 HOURS LATER. A small bell-shaped structure, large enough to accommodat four divers. Frank dozes on a bunk with a regulator in hi mouth. His REBREATHER is tethered in the MOONPOOL. George reaches over and nudges Frank awake.
19) 0) text: FRANK walks back toward the basecamp office, with Judes ADDRESS BOOK. He’s about to open the door when he hears RAISED VOICES from inside. POV Frank: Through the window, he sees Jim, Crazy George the expedition team huddled around the monitor. They're watching ROV footage from Judes death.
23) 7) dialog: Luko’s men are too spooked to go back in.
23) 9) dialog: Sorry, Frank. They don't want anything to do with this. Frank considers this.
26) 4) dialog: Forward Base, forward base, this is basecamp, over. Do you read? Christ, Frank pick up! Josh peers in through the window. The team are huddled ar the MONITOR watching a satellite image of the approaching STORM. Everyone looks really scared.
26) 6) dialog: There's plenty of signal. Just no one’s answering.
26) 8) dialog: It's too risky! The river’s already up two feet.
26) 10) dialog: They’re probably on their way back up...