0) 1) dialog: I took off. So what? I can do what I want. I’m not a kid anymore. It ain’t all about you. Suddenly, the scene comes sharply into focus, snapping in bright color as the ROAR of the engines grows louder. The DELVENET.COM HELICOPTER banks sharply as it clears th coastline of Papua New Guinea. Lush rainforest as far as the eye can see. In the distanc range of mist-covered mountains. No sign of civilization. edge of the last great wilderness.
0) 3) text: “Hurley’s Hole”. Josh smirks at this. He turns around to see VICTORIA ALLA (30's) sitting in the rear passenger seat, reading the WA STREET JOURNAL. She looks tired and jet-lagged in her crumpled business suit, but still manages to retain a natural, understated beauty.
0) 8) dialog: Jeez, that’s old, man.
0) 16) dialog: Yeah...
0) 25) dialog: That was sweet! Do it again.
0) 28) dialog: Court makes me see my Dad twice a year.
0) 33) dialog: I can feel your hatred...
1) 1) dialog: ..-Taste it... Every hundred feet or so, a HIGH INTENSITY DISCHARGE (HID LIGHT has been clipped to the wall, illuminating the tunn
1) 2) dialog: -.-Breathe it... INT. SANTO CAVE SYSTEM. HIGH SPEED as we follow the cable through miles of cave, slowing occasionally at key points. The cable leads us through tight tunnels, air-filled chambers, surging river and over powerful waterfalls, rigged with rope bridges.
1) 3) dialog: ...through miles of rock... Finally, at the end of the tunnel, a dance of light.
1) 5) dialog: ...I hope you never come out. Australian cave diver FRANK MCGUIRE (early 40's) stands a in the gin-clear water. He wears a scuffed and worn WETSU Frank exudes a quiet confidence. A man who keeps his own counsel. He's as hard and as cold as the caves he explore Frank’s eyes are closed in meditation as he rehearses emergency BAIL-OUT DRILLS. He moves with fluid clarity, a practising Tai-Chi.
3) 2) text: Alright, I’1l give you a progress report: we’re down here, busting our balls, while you fuck off to pick up your girlfriend. Victoria, Josh and the basecamp manager, JIM SERGEANT (36 hover in the background next to an enormous CAVE MAP. Jim Josh exchange a look: this is typical Frank.
4) 3) dialog: (long beat) What?
4) 5) dialog: Whatever.
7) 15) dialog: Must’ve been painful to watch.
11) 2) dialog: I’m the only one around here who can climb for shit. 18 Victoria peers nervously over the edge of the doline. Jo clipping her onto a rope that disappears over the 1000ft drop. Victoria casts a weary look toward Carl. He is pacing alo the edge of the cliff, a SATELLITE PHONE glued to his ear
11) 7) dialog: Sweet!
11) 10) dialog: No worries. Take it nice and easy, like I showed you. 19
11) 11) text: You won’t let me fall? Victoria squeezes his hand. Josh BLUSHES.
11) 12) dialog: Promise. Clear below!
11) 17) dialog: Wow. That must have been awesome.
11) 21) text: Loser! BOING! Josh bounces out into space, spinning in the sunli and emitting a WHOOP of delight. BADOOSH! He swings into glittering WATERFALL. The cascade shatters into a million droplets as the force of the water spins him around and around.
11) 22) dialog: No one can take this away! This is mine! I own it! Josh gazes down at the cave entrance and SHOUTS at the to his lungs.
11) 23) dialog: 
13) 4) dialog: Below! cur TO: The EXPEDITION TEAM scatter and drop as Carl falls toward them. Victoria gazes up, open jawed.
17) 3) text: EXCITED CHATTER as Carl, Josh, Victoria and Luko travel u the METAL CAGE attached to the CRANE. Carl is showing Jos the BASE JUMP HARNESS. The cage clears the edge of the cl Jim stands waiting for them, looking white as a sheet. Ot expedition members stand in utter shock. Some of them are CRYING. In an instant, all the color drains from Josh's f
17) 4) dialog: He's dead. I wished it. It's my fault. I killed him. Jim steps forward and places his hand on Josh's shoulder.
17) 22) text: A huge bonfire in the center of the village. DRUMS beat a solemn rhythm as the LOCAL SHAMAN leads a dozen VILLAGERS a DEATH RITE around the fire. Their painted bodies gliste the firelight. Other VILLAGERS watch from the shadows. Scattered among them are several EXPEDITION MEMBERS, look utterly defeated. A couple of them are still crying. Josh, Carl and Victoria sit inside an open hut. Luko sits with them, preparing coconut shells of KAVA. He chews on root from a pepper plant and SPITS the intoxicating resid into the shells.
17) 24) dialog: Who fucking cares? Death toll’s up to three now...
17) 29) dialog: Who...fucking...cares?
17) 31) dialog: You wanna see something no-one’s seen before? 28 Josh picks up a COCONUT SHELL and rolls it to Carl.
17) 32) dialog: Crack that open.
17) 34) dialog: And that's worth dying for is it?
17) 39) dialog: Kava. To honor Judes. Josh takes the shell and gulps down the intoxicating brew Carl watches in horror as Victoria reaches for the shell. shrugs at Carl.
17) 45) dialog: Look. If you're gonna bollock me, just get it over with.
17) 47) dialog: You should try it. (under his breath) God knows you need it.
17) 51) dialog: He reckons you’re going back in. (beat) Says that's what Judes would have wanted. Frank SNORTS derisively.
17) 53) dialog: And you don’t? Frank looks at him.
17) 55) dialog: She knew how much you wanted this.
17) 57) dialog: Nothin’.
17) 59) dialog: Whatever.
17) 63) dialog: You know what? Why don't you just...
17) 64) dialog: (screaming)
17) 66) dialog: .--Leave me alone. Frank gets up and walks away. Josh watches him disappear.
17) 67) dialog: I will never be like you. Never. INT. JUDES'S TENT -— CONTINUOUS Frank opens the flap to Judes’ tent and steps inside. His torch reveals a clutter of SCIENTIFIC EQUIPMENT and DIVE GEAR. Frank empties Judes’s rucksack. He picks up her ADD BOOK and starts searching for a number. A photograph fall out: Judes with her HUSBAND and BABY. Frank stares at the picture. EXT. JUDES‘S TENT - CONTINUOUS The silhouette of Frank: his shoulders ROCKING in grief.
18) 6) dialog: Sssh! You’re not supposed to be here!
18) 8) dialog: Judes death really freaked them out. They’re trying to appease the cave spirits.
18) 10) dialog: The ones that took Judes soul. Victoria watches the Shaman lift some BURNING EMBERS high above his head. The villagers WHISPER to each other as th PRAYER continues. Some of them look really frightened. 33
18) 12) dialog: He’s warning them to stay out of the cave. The SHAMAN launches the burning embers over the cliff.
22) 0) text: Embers from the dying fire rise slowly in the pre-dawn ai Josh lies fast asleep outside Luko's hut. He's still full clothed from the night before. A BOOT rudely KICKS him aw Josh's eyes fly open. Frank stands looking down at him.
23) 11) dialog: Of course they’re scared! Aren't you? Crazy George and Jim exchange a look. They decide to leav
24) 0) text: A loud ARGUMENT rages between several VILLAGERS, includin Luko. MACHETES have been drawn and tempers flare. Frank, Crazy George, Carl and Victoria watch the argument from the edge of the doline. They are kitted up and ready rappel. Frank looks up to find Josh standing there, weari his waterproofs and climbing harness.
24) 2) dialog: What you said. You need a rope man.
24) 5) text: I suggest you stay the fuck out of this. (to Josh) The chopper leaves at ten o’clock. Give my regards to your mother. Josh stares at his father. Bristling in pure hatred. Then turns and marches away.
25) 0) text: Victoria chases after Josh. She sees him storm away into jungle. 39
25) 1) text: Josh! Josh, come back! But Josh has gone.
26) 0) text: Josh sits dejected on the edge of the cliff, watching Fra A moment passes between them. Then Frank steps into the darkness. Josh closes his eyes.
26) 12) text: Forward Base, forward base, this is basecamp, over... Josh slips back into the shadows before anyone notices he there. INT. JOSH’S TENT - NIGHT Josh sits in the entrance to his tent, unable to sleep. H gazes toward the basecamp office, where several team memb continue to ARGUE with each other. Others hang around, impotent and useless. Josh gazes at the approaching storm and glances nervously his INDIGLO DIVEWATCH. A sudden CRACK of thunder startles him. The storm is clearly getting closer.
26) 13) dialog: Fuck it! Josh sits up and angrily starts pulling on his boots.
26) 14) dialog: Fuck him. Fucking idiot. EXT. CLIFF AT TOP OF DOLINE — NIGHT A thousand stars splinter the night sky. A full moon cast ghostly pall over the camp. Josh stands at the edge of th doline wearing his waterproofs and climbing harness. The ROAR from the waterfall has increased dramatically. N longer a gentle cascade, the powerful torrent CASCADES fa out over the cliff wall, plunging violently into the cave below. Josh deliberates. He stares down at the maelstrom white-water CRASHING its way into the cave. It looks scar as hell. Looking up, Josh notices a figure watching him from the opposite side of the doline. The grotesque MASK of the Sh glints in the moonlight. A serene look suddenly spreads across Josh's face. In an instant he’s calm and confident.
26) 15) dialog: “Only those pure of spirit”. Josh steps off the cliff and drops into the darkness. 42
29) 6) dialog: Dad? Frank's expression changes from shock, to fear, then to anger.
29) 10) dialog: They've been trying all night! Your comms are switched off! Frank's eyes narrow in confusion. He casts a suspicious glance at Carl, far below.
30) 0) text: Frank catches the rope as it shoots out of the tunnel. He hoists it out of the water. ZIIIP! Josh slides two JUMARS down the rope to Frank.
30) 6) dialog: Stop! There’s too much weight!
30) 10) dialog: Luko! Go back!
31) 14) dialog: I’m sorry...I’m sorry...I’m SOrry... Luko opens his eyes. Josh jumps in fright. 50
31) 19) dialog: What are you going to do?
31) 21) dialog: What do you mean?
31) 23) dialog: No, wait. What are you going to do?
31) 26) dialog: You have to help him! Josh turns to the others.
31) 27) dialog: (continuing) Tell him! He has to do something. 51
31) 29) dialog: You can't just leave him to die.
31) 31) dialog: No! You have no right to do this!
31) 33) dialog: Get your fucking hands off me!
31) 35) dialog: You're going to kill him, aren't you? (beat) You murdering bastard. Frank suddenly explodes in anger and frustration.
31) 37) dialog: George. I'm begging you. Please don't let him do this!
31) 39) dialog: There must be something we can do? Anything. 52
31) 40) text: There is: you can do as Frank says. Josh stands helpless. After a few seconds, he follows Cra George into the darkness. Frank approaches his old friend Though barely conscious, Luko seems to understand what mu be done. cur TO: Josh flashes his light back toward his father. Frank is holding Luko's head beneath the surface of the water. Jos shudders and turns away.
31) 41) text: The team float upon the surface of the moon pool, wearing full DIVE EQUIPMENT. Frank surfaces. Josh still can't bri himself to look at him.
31) 45) dialog: Get the fuck off me! An awkward silence. Frank reaches forward and tugs on Jos harness, tightening his straps. Josh avoids eye contact.
31) 47) dialog: Yeah. A hundred times. Oxygen 200. Trimix 220.
31) 50) dialog: Like Judes, you mean?
31) 52) dialog: Look, I remember how to dive! Carl has already taken me through it...
31) 54) dialog: 
31) 71) dialog: Basically, we follow you, keep breathing and hope nothing beeps. Frank and Crazy George exchange a look.
31) 76) text: VARIOUS SHOTS as a thick shroud of silt cocoons the diver Frank appears out of the gloom, his thumb and forefinger circled around the GUIDELINE. He sweeps his arm up and do through the murk, like a blind man using a cane. He passe several plastic CAVE ARROWS, clipped to the line at intervals, pointing the way back out. Suddenly, the cave materializes in Frank's HID LIGHT. Josh jumps in fright as Frank’s face suddenly looms out o the dark. They exchange “okay” signals and descend along cave wall. CRUMP! Carl bangs into the cave wall, dislodging a huge STALACTITE. He YELLS a muffled warning into his mouthpiec Crazy George CURSES as the STALACTITE whizzes by, narrowl missing him. Victoria tightens her grip around Crazy Geor wrist. They continue onward. 56
31) 77) text: Frank leads the divers along the GUIDELINE until they rea the claustrophobic tunnel. It’s barely visible through th milky white-out. Victoria's eyes widen when she sees how tight the restric is. We hear her BREATHING increase as she fights the risi wave of panic. Frank circles his flashlight: ‘okay?' He receives a shaky signal back from her. Frank and George remove the EQUIPMENT PACKS from their harness and clip them around their ankles, so they can be dragged through the tunnel. Silt swirls. Frank removes his REBREATHER and holds it in front of him The others nervously do the same. Frank signals for Josh ‘buddy up’ with him. Pushing his REBREATHER ahead of him, Frank disappears into the hole. After a few seconds, Josh follows. INT. BODY TUBE - DEVIL'S RESTRICTION. POV Josh: He follows Frank into the tunnel, keeping his h on the line at all times. Frank's pack and fins can just seen scraping along the tunnel ahead. Breathe. Push. Brea Push.
31) 78) dialog: Stay green. Please stay green. Don’t beep. Please. Don't fucking beep.
31) 79) text: Back at the entrance, Carl disappears into the tunnel. Cr George turns toward Victoria and taps her on the shoulder She jumps. George shows her a message on his WRIST SLATE: "YOU CAN DO IT", next to a SMILEY FACE. Victoria nods her head, grateful. Crazy George squeezes her hand reassuring Then he disappears into the tunnel. INT. BODY TUBE - DEVIL'S RESTRICTION. A nightmarish sequence as the divers crawl down the body in near-zero visibilty: Frank glances behind him. The dull orange glow of Josh's light approaches. They exchange ‘okay’ signals. 57 Further back in the tunnel, Carl wedges stuck. He tries turn around but can't move. His BREATHING skyrockets. Car braces himself and STRAINS against the ceiling. White fragments of rock break free and dance like snowflakes against his helmet. He eventually manages to pull himself forward. Crazy George freezes as the ceiling starts to CREAK and GROAN. He glances back and sees Victoria waiting patientl for him. They exchange ‘okay’ signals. After a few second George continues, his eyes glued nervously to the ceiling Victoria claws her way forward, following Crazy George's EQUIPMENT BAG. Her eyes are fixed with dogged determinati She’s HUMMING a tune: “ONWARD CHRISTIAN SOLDIERS”, to cal herself down. INT. UNEXPLORED ABYSS. Darkness. Then the hazy glow of approaching lights. A thi cloud of silt billows from the tunnel in the cliff wall. free-fall parachutists emerging from a cloud, the divers break through into the gin-clear waters of the abyss. Victoria finally appears, a victorious grin on her face. Crazy George swims over, shakes her hand and then helps h back into the REBREATHER. Frank shows Josh his VR3 DIVE
33) 0) text: Blackness. Josh wakes with a start and stares up at the c ceiling. It takes him a moment to remember where he is. Frank is busy changing the batteries in the FLASHLIGHTS. George is filling a DRIED FOOD PACK with water. Carl is s alone on a rock, staring out into space. Victoria lies SHIVERING inside her SPACE BLANKET: she’s hypothermic and utterly miserable. GEORGE offers her some food. Josh crawls toward the EQUIPMENT BAGS and starts rummagin through the SUPPLIES. He pulls out a food bag and walks d to the water. Frank crouches by the shoreline, his flashl fixed upon a submerged rock far out in the water. He’s watching, listening, feeling the cave.
33) 3) dialog: There's food for a couple of days.
33) 5) dialog: How do you know? 59
34) 0) text: An expanse of sand dunes stretch along the banks of an underground lake. Frank follows the shoreline, flashing h light around the cave. Josh follows, keeping out of sight Frank pauses to take a compass reading. Josh ducks as Fra light swings toward him. When Josh looks up, Frank is gon Josh considers following. Then gazes nervously around him
34) 1) dialog: Fuck it. He stumbles back the way he came. 61
34) 24) text: Fuck! (beat) Keep going, you ain’t lost.(beat) They have to be through there... Josh stumbles on, deeper into the cave.
36) 0) text: Josh reaches the top of another dune. A vast expanse of nothingness lays before him.
36) 1) dialog: Fuck it. Give them a shout, they’re bound to hear you.(beat) You'd never hear the last of it. (beat) Admit it: you're lost. (beat) Alright, retrace your steps... Josh turns and flashes his light back the way he’s come. Three identical-looking tunnels lead into the rockface be him.
36) 2) dialog: Oh, shit.
36) 10) dialog: I’m through here! A few seconds of silence.
36) 12) dialog: What do you want me to say? (beat) I think I’ve found the way forward! (beat) I was just coming to tell you... BLAM! A hand shoots out of the dark and grabs Josh by the shoulder. Frank spins him around and shakes him.
36) 14) dialog: 
36) 16) text: You get lost down here and it’s all over. Don't ever wander off again! Understand? Josh bristles in anger and SLAPS Frank’s hand away.
36) 17) dialog: Get off me! Josh's voice ECHOES into the far distance. Frank’s head s up: it sounds like the cave goes on forever. Crazy George steps out of the shadows, still flexing his wrist. He gri through the pain and slaps Josh on the back.
37) 0) text: A vast chamber, larger than several football fields. No s of the walls or ceiling. Three specks of light appear in distance. Two more lights trail behind them. Josh plods along next to Crazy George. They both struggle under the weight of their REBREATHERS and also carry a he EQUIPMENT BAG between them. Crazy George keeps flexing hi hand every few seconds, a worried expression on his face.
37) 1) dialog: Asshole. He's a fucking asshole.
37) 3) dialog: Nothing's ever good enough. I remember writing a school project for him once. A cave diving adventure. He hands it back to me with a list of technical notes...
37) 5) dialog: I was seven years old, George! 67
37) 6) text: Did you hear about the time Frank really fucked up? Josh tries to conceal his interest.
37) 13) text: (beat) Take the bag will ya? Go on, I'll catch up directly. Crazy George waits until Josh has gone, then starts scribbling numbers onto his WRIST SLATE. His hand is SHAK uncontrollably as he writes: 101-7= Crazy George struggles to do the math. After a few second he realizes he can’t work out the answer.
38) 22) dialog: Let him go!
41) 5) dialog: I’1l do it. Give it to me. Frank casts a quick glance at Carl.
41) 22) text: You don’t have to do everything he says, Josh. You and I can find our own way out of here.
42) 0) text: Frank stands waist deep in an underground lake, holding o the bottom of the rope. He gazes up at Josh's light far a him. ZIIIIIIP! Josh zooms down the rope and breaks hard, bouncing to a halt only inches above Frank's head. Frank shoots him a disapproving look.
42) 2) dialog: When do I get to scout?
43) 0) text: Josh spots something floating on the surface of the water Fishing it out, he realizes it is a clump of HAIR. Curiou he flashes his light up the shaft. 76
44) 0) text: Josh gazes up in horror as the rope coils into the water around him.
45) 4) dialog: Rig another drop line! Now!
46) 0) text: Josh yells out into the darkness.
46) 1) dialog: Dad! Dad! No reply. Josh’s eyes narrow in fierce determination. He steels himself, grabs the end of the severed rope and tie to his harness.
46) 2) dialog: Hold on! I'm coming up!
46) 6) dialog: This is tough enough without you throwing things at me! A voice from below.
46) 12) dialog: Two more seconds, while I rebelay! Crazy George peers down and sees Josh HAMMERING a BOLT in the smooth cliff wall several feet below him.
46) 15) dialog: Below! Josh lets the hammer fall into the darkness.
46) 18) dialog: (continuing) I-I've...got you! Josh grabs Crazy George's harness. Just as George’s grip gives way.
46) 21) dialog: Pass your safety! Crazy George’s hand shakes as he reaches below him and gr his cow's TAIL.
46) 22) dialog: (continuing) Now pull yourself back up! Quickly! Crazy George slowly inches the rope toward Josh's outstretched fingers. Josh finally grabs his carabiner and...CLICK! Snaps him into his own harness. With a GRUNT of relief, Josh releases his grip. They both swing free, hanging suspended in mid air. BREATHLESS and exhausted.
47) 0) text: Frank is performing a full NEUROLOGICAL EXAM on Crazy Geo who is breathing oxygen from Frank’s REBREATHER. His own REBREATHER lays smashed on the rocks around him. Crazy Ge is having trouble focussing on Frank’s finger as he waves in front of his face. Josh watches from a few feet away, supervising the rope as the others rappel down.
47) 7) text: Course, I‘d have stuck to the left- hand side of the shaft. Much better hand-holds. Josh and Crazy George exchange a look. Josh rolls his eye
48) 0) text: The deafening ROAR of a waterfall can be heard close by. Frank and Josh are busy rigging the easiest route downstr Josh looks back to see Crazy George staggering through th waist-deep water.
48) 1) dialog: What's gonna happen if he can’t walk any more?
48) 4) dialog: You think we could do something safer next year? Like climb the North face of the Eiger?
48) 7) text: I guess I just got too hooked into all of this. Josh turns and stares at him.
48) 10) dialog: Yeah? (beat) Must be real nice for you. Josh walks off. Frank sags visibly as he is overcome with enormous sense of guilt and loss. He reaches out and grab the cold cave walls for support. Then gazes sadly after h son.
49) 2) dialog: Piece of piss! Frank flashes him a disapproving look.
49) 3) dialog: I'll be careful.
49) 11) text: I have it! Start sending the equipment down! Frank clips the REBREATHERS and EQUIPMENT BAGS to the rop The first REBREATHER is launched over the waterfall and Z down the line, SPLASHING into the plunge pool beside Josh Another REBREATHER zooms down the line seconds later. The EQUIPMENT BAGS soon follow.
49) 27) dialog: G-Give me your hand!
49) 30) dialog: Nooocoooce!
49) 33) dialog: Victoria! Victoria! He reaches the final 30ft drop. His flashlight reflects o Victoria's body beneath the surface. There is no quick wa down. SPLOOSH! Josh leaps off the cliff into the pool below. Hi light flicks through the water to reveal Victoria’s lifel body floating a few feet away. She is suspended in mid-water, hanging by her safety rope Josh tries to swim toward him but the current is too stro He claws his way across the bottom, RAGING in anger and frustration. With a CRY of despair, Josh is forced to release himself. He floats back to the surface.
50) 0) text: VARIOUS SHOTS as the team stumble their way downstream, following the raging river. Frank leads the way. A grim look on his face as he naviga the best way downstream. He is wearing the last remaining REBREATHER. Carl flashes his light back toward Crazy George and Josh. considers returning to help them, but is too exhausted. H staggers downstream past Frank, his face set in stone. Crazy George is in a bad way. Josh has to support him as stumbles across the rocks. Frank waits for them. Frank helps drag Crazy George across a set of rapids. He reaches back to offer Josh a helping hand. Josh refuses. moment of tension as they confront each other. Josh pushe past him, into the darkness. Four lights, continuing steadily downstream until finally
51) 0) text: The tunnel ends abruptly at another sump: a shallow pool where the river disappears beneath a cliff. A small entra beneath the surface marks the continuation of the underwa cave. The team wearily pull themselves out of the water a crawl up the muddy shoreline. Everyone is physically and emotionally exhausted. A depre silence engulfs the group. Josh gently eases Crazy George the floor. Crazy George curls himself up in a ball, fever and MOANING in pain. Josh lifts his head clear of the mud
51) 1) dialog: He can’t go any further. He needs oxygen, Goddamn it! Frank lifts the REBREATHER off his back and shoots Josh a accusing look. 89
51) 3) dialog: What’s that supposed to mean?
51) 6) dialog: From what? A nuclear fucking attack?
51) 9) dialog: A-Are you sure? Carl races back and starts shaking Josh.
51) 12) dialog: You look disappointed. Pissed off someone beat you to it? 90 Frank glares at Josh. Then turns his attention to Crazy George.
52) 0) text: Frank and Josh drag Crazy George up the narrow tunnel. Th river has become a DISTANT ROAR below them. They stagger of the tunnel and emerge inside a tall, dry, chimney-like room. Carl is kneeling in the center of the Chimney. Josh stagg forward, flashing his light around the walls.
52) 2) dialog: How can you be sure? Carl directs the beam of his light toward the back of the cave. Josh reels in horror: The skeletal remains of TWO DIVERS on the floor, their bones held together by their WETSUITS The bodies are arranged to suggest a violent struggle too place. DRIED BLOOD stains the wall and floor. One of the diver’s skulls has been SMASHED apart by the others STAGE CYLINDER.
52) 3) dialog: The missing divers.
52) 5) text: Frank is on the far side of the cavern, busy checking ove the remaining REBREATHER. His FLASHLIGHT casts ghostly shadows over the cavern walls. Crazy George lays in Josh's arms, MOANING in a feverish sleep. Carl glances down at his cracked TAG HEUER DIVE WA Broken now.
52) 6) dialog: Why’d you keep looking at that?
52) 8) dialog: It's been four days now. It'll just be getting dark outside.
52) 11) dialog: He’s convinced there’s dry cave on the other side of the sump.
52) 13) dialog: You got a better plan? (beat) We can make it. If it’s not too far...
52) 18) text: And what if there is no air pocket, Josh? What then? Josh glances toward the macabre SKELETONS. And shudders. TIGHT on Carl: he can't take his eyes off the remaining REBREATHER. FADE TO BLACK.
53) 0) text: Frank sleeps, tucked inside a rocky crevasse. He looks li he’s part of the cave walls. Josh shakes him awake, a concerned look on his face.
54) 0) text: Frank and Josh stand by the water. The last REBREATHER is missing. No sign of Carl.
54) 2) dialog: Maybe he's scouting ahead? Frank flashes him a look.
54) 3) dialog: The tunnel could choke? Then he’d have to head back.
54) 5) dialog: What are we going to do? Frank gazes around the cave. Then marches back up to Chim
54) 7) text: Frank sits in a depressed trance, CLICKING his fading FLASHLIGHT on and off repeatedly as he stares at the SKEL REMAINS of the two divers. Josh watches him from a distance as he tends to Crazy Geo Crazy George’s condition has worsened overnight. He lays Josh's arms, barely conscious.
54) 9) dialog: It's Josh. Crazy George suddenly starts to CRY.
54) 14) dialog: Don’t talk like that. Try and rest. Crazy George suddenly grabs Josh.
54) 16) dialog: Who?
54) 18) dialog: Nothing’s going to hurt you. I promise.
54) 23) dialog: H-How?
54) 25) dialog: What the fuck is that?
54) 30) dialog: We lost all the vertical gear. How are we going to climb up? Frank hands Josh a large BOULDER from the floor of the ca Then grabs one for himself.
55) 0) text: Frank and Josh carry the boulders down toward the sump. BADOOSH! Frank heaves his boulder into the water and watc it sink toward the entrance of the underwater tunnel.
55) 1) dialog: You're going to dam the river?
55) 3) dialog: That‘ll take forever! Frank is already on his way back up to Chimney.
55) 7) dialog: Not bad. (beat) For an old man. Frank's face almost cracks a smile. Almost. Frank offers a shaky handshake. Josh is about to grasp his hand when.. BADOOSH! The river SMASHES it's way through the dam, scattering their efforts downstream. Josh gazes in horror his world collapses.
55) 8) dialog: No. Nononononononono! Josh sags to the floor and starts to SOB. He's finally reached his breaking point. Frank gazes at the cave walls resigned look on his face. Suddenly he bursts into HYSTER LAUGHTER. Josh explodes into a fierce rage.
55) 9) dialog: Goddamn you! You made me believe! Josh starts hurling rock after rock at the uncaring cave walls. Frank can’t stop laughing. Josh starts throwing st at him instead. It only makes Frank laugh more. 97
55) 10) text: (continuing) You...made...me...believe! Josh collapses onto the floor, sobbing uncontrollably. Fr eventually calms down. He approaches his son, wiping the tears from his eyes.
55) 12) dialog: Why did I ever listen to you? Why? We're never getting out of here. Why can't you just admit that?
55) 14) dialog: No we're not! And that's okay! We fucking tried! We gave it our best shot!
55) 16) dialog: Fuck you! Josh hurls another rock at Frank. This time he really mea business. Frank ducks as the rock SMASHES against the wal
55) 17) dialog: Fuck you, fuck Carl and FUCK THIS
55) 21) dialog: Just let me die. That's all I want. Just let me die.
55) 23) dialog: L-Luko?
55) 26) dialog: In Xanadu...did Kubla Khan...a stately pleasure dome decree...where Alph...the sacred river ran...down to a sunless sea... The tunnel WHIRLS in and out of focus as he carries each down to the sump. POV Josh: the rock TRANSFORMS into a SCHOOL BOOK: “DAD‘S DIVE” by Josh Mcguire aged seven. A hand-drawn picture of diver, with Frank's NOTES scribbled in the margin. The COLERIDGE POEM becomes an annoying nursery rhyme, building in intensity over the following... Frank gazes up at Josh. Josh lifts the rock and SMASHES i into Frank's face. SPLOSH! The water shatters as Frank’s reflection disappears. 99 Luko’s reflection appears in its place. Then Victoria’s. are both SCREAMING as they drown. Josh reaches for them j ASwee Frank's reflection returns. He reaches toward Josh. FLASHBACK to 25 YEAR-OLD FRANK, dressed in shorts and a t-shirt, picking up 5 YEAR-OLD JOSH and playing “AIR-GUIT with him while an AC-DC TUNE blasts in the background. Frank spins Josh around and around in the brilliant sunsh They are in their back garden. Josh is LAUGHING as they s faster and faster. Josh’s MUM (20's) can be seen in the background, barbecuing. Her eyes are filled with love. Th concern. She’s pointing into Josh's PADDLING POOL. Luko and Victoria's lifeless bodies float below the surfa The young Frank suddenly starts SHAKING Josh like a rag d His face a mask of ANGER. Suddenly, his face transforms i the DEATH MASK worn by the Shaman. Josh starts to SCREAM as...
56) 0) text: Crazy George sits slumped against the far wall, his head resting against his chest. Josh races toward him and excitedly shakes him awake. 100
56) 1) text: George! We have to go now... Josh freezes. His hand comes away covered in blood. Georg eyes flutter open.
56) 3) dialog: What have you done? We were getting out of here! What have you done! Frank races over. He coldly asses the situation.
56) 6) dialog: You have no control over this. Accept it. Frank and Josh stare long and hard at each other as the w continues to rise. Then Frank starts grabbing their remaining items of DIVE EQUIPMENT: MASKS, FINS. A wave of water hits them. They start spinning around the cavern, carried higher up the walls. The ceiling suddenly looms close: sure enough, a small ex tunnel can be seen above their heads. 101 Frank reaches up and makes a grab for the ceiling. He ca reach. He tries again. Fails.
56) 10) dialog: H-How can you tell?
56) 16) dialog: We...we can...rest here. There's not much battery left... Frank nods understanding. The light snaps out. Suddenly, hear Frank SNIFFING the air.
56) 17) dialog: What is it?
56) 19) dialog: Is that...daylight? The sound of them both SCRABBLING forward in the dark. GLIMPSES of elbows, hands, then their faces appear, as th light in the tunnel grows steadily brighter. INT. BAT'S BELFRY. Josh reaches a small body tube in the cave wall. Dim ligh can be seen through the tunnel. Josh SHIVERS in delight a gust of wind HOWLS through the hole, ruffling his hair. J closes his eyes and INHALES deeply. He smiles at his Fath 103
56) 20) text: After you, son... Josh crawls into the hole.
57) 0) text: Josh pulls himself out of the body tube and gazes in disbelief. An enormous dome-shaped cavern, the size of an Olympic stadium. Sunlight pours in through a skylight in the ceil 200 feet above their heads. A tantalizing glimpse of blue as the Godly shafts of light pierce the gloom. Swallows a bats SWOOP around Josh, dancing in and out of the sunligh Josh flashes his light around the walls and ceiling: they sheer, smooth and impossible to climb.
57) 1) dialog: There’‘s no way out. Frank appears next to him. He notices Josh’s expression o bitter disappointment.
57) 6) dialog: Christ. D’'you think anyone survived the fall? Frank HEAVES open the turret hatch. The SKELETAL REMAINS crew member falls out. The SKULL rolls toward Josh.
57) 9) dialog: This. Is. Fucking. Amazing. Josh glances up at the skylight. Billowing smoke rises up into the blue sky.
57) 10) dialog: You think someone will see us?
57) 12) dialog: It's almost like it’s teasing us.
57) 16) dialog: D-Dad?
57) 18) dialog: Nothing. Just checking. Josh gazes up at the stars. After a while he closes his e INT. SHINGLE SLOPE. BAT’S BELFRY - DAY Josh’s improvised TORCH splits the darkness. Narrow strip uniform, soaked in gasoline and wrapped around a RIFLE BU Josh is searching the shadows at the far side of the cave Frank’s torch can be seen in the distance. Early morning sunlight pours down through the skylight. Josh arrives at bottom of a steep shingle slope and scrambles up to investigate.
58) 0) text: At the top of the slope, Josh finds a small tunnel in the cavern wall. It leads steadily downwards.
58) 1) dialog: Dad! Over here! 106
58) 2) text: The tunnel soon narrows. Sweat beads Josh’s brow as he squeezes his way down the tight body tube. The torch SING his hair and almost burns his face. Josh turns back toward his father. Frank is crawling thro the tunnel a few feet behind him.
58) 3) dialog: Listen! INT. CONNECTING SUMP. The sound of RUNNING WATER. Josh's head pops out of a sma hole in the ceiling of a medium-sized cavern. He throws h torch to the floor before gracefully easing himself down. Josh stands on the shoreline of a small lake. The river GUSHES out of the deep pool and disappears down a half- flooded tunnel. Josh eagerly starts exploring the room wh Frank struggles to get down from the hole. CRUMP! Frank enters the room far less gracefully than Jos Josh’s torch reflects off an object laying on the muddy shore: Carl's REBREATHER. Josh bends down to inspect it. GAUGES read “EMPTY”.
58) 4) dialog: Carl's. Frank nods grimly. Shining their torches ahead of them, t cautiously enter the tunnel.
59) 0) text: Josh and Frank wade through the waist deep water, followi the sluggish river. Their torches reflect against the obsidian black walls. Josh wrinkles his nose in disgust. Floating in the water around them are dozens of DROWNED RATS. Josh pushes them aside and continues onward. The tunnel becomes filled with debris that has been washe down by the river: TREE BRANCHES, VEGETATION and the rott carcasses of several DEAD ANIMALS. Josh starts recognizin REBREATHER PARTS and DIVE EQUIPMENT, smashed and broken a the rocks lining the tunnel. 107 INT. DANTE’S NIGHTMARE Rounding a corner, the tunnel ends abruptly in a small ro filled with half-submerged rocks. The rocks act as a drai collecting any debris that’s been flushed into the cave. covers his nose and fights the urge to retch: the stinkin effluent has formed a festering lake. A MOAN in the darkn causes them to spin around. Cari sits SHIVERING in the darkness. He is almost unrecognizable: his face is covered in blood, mud and bruises. Madness rages in his eyes as he raises his hands protect himself from the harsh glare of their torches. Half-eaten RAT CARCASSES litter the shoreline around him. pile of dead FLASHLIGHTS lay discarded at his side. Carl staggers toward them, as if in a drunken stupor.
59) 4) dialog: You left us three days ago. Carl's face registers confusion. Then fear. He slumps to floor and starts to CRY.
59) 6) text: I only went to...scout ahead, Josh. I was...going to come back for you. But the current was...too strong. Josh kicks Carl away from him.
59) 8) dialog: What others?
60) 0) text: Frank and Josh are kneeling by the shoreline, fitting Jud cylinders into the REBREATHER.
60) 3) dialog: Are you okay?
60) 5) text: Give me those fucking lights... Carl grabs the CYLUME LIGHT STICKS off Josh.
60) 11) dialog: Seize the day? Josh cracks open the OXYGEN CYLINDER VALVE. WHOOOMPH! A SHEET OF FLAME engulfs Carl. Carl is on fire. reels backwards SCREAMING in pain. Carl flails around the cavern floor in agony, his skin blistering. FSHHHHHH! A cloud of steam as Carl rolls into the sump to douse the flames. Carl surfaces, gazing around in fear an confusion just as... 111 BADOOSH! Josh leaps onto him in a primal, brutal fury. VARIOUS QUICK CUTS as they roll through the muddy water, reduced to animals in pure, savage survival mode. Biting. Clawing. Gouging. It's ugly. Visceral. Almost unbearable to watch. Carl sees the DIVE KNIFE laying in the mud where he dropp it. He crawls toward it. Josh drags him deeper back into sump. Carl SCREAMS in fear, clawing the mud. He KICKS Josh in t head. Josh releases him. Carl grabs Josh by the throat and forces his head under t water. SMACK! Josh’s knee thuds up into Carl’s ribcage, winding Carl slumps into the water, GASPING for breath. He turns around just as... CRACK! Josh smacks Carl in the face with the rock. Carl d to the floor. Josh SCREAMS in rage as he leaps onto Carl and starts pounding his head with the rock.
60) 12) dialog: 
60) 17) dialog: I-I don’t think so. Frank suddenly grips Josh’s hand and looks him dead in th eye.
60) 19) dialog: Let’s just get out of here. Josh pulls the DILUENT CYLINDER from the smouldering rema of the REBREATHER and clips it onto his harness.
60) 21) dialog: I‘m-I'm not leaving you here, Dad. Frank gazes around at the cave walls. He's suddenly fight for breath.
60) 23) dialog: It’ll lead us out. Josh drags Frank out into the water. As he pulls Frank's into place, a GROAN from the shadows causes Josh to look Carl is crawling through the mud toward the dying torch. face is covered in blood and burns. He reaches for the fl Just as it flickers out.
60) 25) text: An eerie YELLOW GLOW fills the underwater sump as Josh CR open a LIGHT STICK. Frank and Josh bounce their way down the underwater cliff wall, into the depths of the sump. As they hit the sandy bottom, they see a small tunnel disappearing into the dar PFFT! Josh cracks open the DILUENT CYLINDER and snatches breath directly from the valve. Bubbles EXPLODE and POP around him. He offers the cylinder to Frank, cracking the valve open so he can take a breath. Then Josh grabs Frank harness and pulls him into the tunnel. Josh swims directly above Frank, orchestrating the task- loading job of BUDDY-BREATHING from the DILUENT CYLINDER, while pulling them both along the wall.
60) 26) dialog: Open. Breathe. Close. Pull. Open. Breathe. Close. Pull. Open. Breathe... After a while, the routine becomes fluid, like a beautifu choreographed ballet. Two people, working as one. VARIOUS SHOTS: The tunnel soon narrows into a tight restriction. Josh swims through, then reaches back and pu Frank after him. A lazy current carries them down a widening passageway. They drift through a huge chamber: spectacular speleothem connecting the ceiling to the floor. Frank's RATTLED BREATHING is growing steadily weaker as t continue. Josh and Frank ascend up an underwater cliff wall. They surface inside a tiny air bell: only six inches of airspace. Josh tilts his head back and gulps down several DEEP BREATHS.
60) 27) dialog: You...You got water in your mask..Here...let me... Josh removes Frank’s mask. Frank lolls, unconscious. 114
60) 28) text: Dad? Dad! Josh has to SHAKE his father back to consciousness. Frank blinks, spits blood and gazes around weakly.
60) 29) dialog: You gotta stay with me!
60) 31) dialog: Just hang on. It can’t be much further now... Josh CRACKS open another LIGHT STICK with his teeth. They descend. They enter another beautifully decorated room, breaking through the shimmering HALOCLINE, from fresh water to sal water. Josh glances up: their exhalation bubbles break the glass surface of an air-filled chamber. Josh kicks weakly towar the surface.
61) 0) text: Josh drags Frank high up the shoreline and collapses into thick black clay covering the floor. Josh gazes around: another vast and featureless air-filled cavern: his LIGHT STICK barely pierces the dark.
61) 1) dialog: Hello! Josh sags wearily as his voice echoes into the far distan The cavern is huge. No obvious way forward. Frank suddenl COUGHS up more blood. He’s struggling for breath and SHIVERING in pain. Josh gazes down at him numbly. Josh shuffles over and opens Frank’s WETSUIT ZIP to inspe his chest wound. His eyes widen in fear as he removes the blood-soaked dressing. Frank’s lost a lot of blood: a red river trickles down the shoreline. Frank MOANS in pain.
61) 3) text: Shhh! Easy now. (obviously lying) Can you feel it? There’s a breeze coming from somewhere. We must be close. Josh staggers to his feet. He CRACKS the third CYLUME STI and hands Frank the old one.
61) 4) dialog: I'm going to scout ahead. (smiling grimly) Don’t worry. I won’t get lost. Josh wades his way along the shoreline, his feet SUCKING OOZING into the knee-deep clay. After a hundred yards, something makes him stop and look back. Josh suddenly loo very frightened. He retraces his footsteps to find... Frank has gone. Josh follows the trail of blood down to t waters edge.
61) 5) dialog: Dad! Frank is laying with his face in the mud, desperately try to suck water into his lungs in an attempt to kill himsel Josh races over and pulls Frank's face clear of the water Frank RAGES in anger and frustration as Josh drags him ba up the shoreline.
61) 8) dialog: What for? Frank lapses into unconsciousness. His head lolls against Josh’s knee, only inches from the water. Josh stares down his father, shaking in fright. Suddenly, Josh grabs Frank’s head and holds it above the water.
61) 9) dialog: Do it! Do it! Do it!... 116 Josh stares at his hand, transfixed as it inches Frank's mouth down into the water. The water is about to cover Frank’s nose when... Josh pulls Frank's head back up into his lap. He throws b his head and WEEPS openly, cradling his father’s head in arms. He can’t bring himself do it.
61) 11) dialog: “It ain't easy...Livin’ free... Season ticket on a one-way ride....Askin’ Nothing...leave me be...Takin’ everything in my stride...”...Shit...How...How’s... the next bit go? We follow the footprints over a huge DEBRIS SLOPE. Then d the other side, back into the river.
61) 12) dialog: “Don’t need reason...Don’t need rhyme...Ain’t nothing that I'd rather do...” Goddamn it!. Help me out...This was your...stupid song... Finally, the dim yellow glow of Josh's LIGHT STICK can be seen in the distance. Josh staggers along the knee-deep river, his father hoisted across his back in a fireman’s carry. The DILUENT CYLINDER drags in the water behind the It’s backbreaking work. Josh is mumbling to himself, close to a complete emotiona and physical breakdown. The sound of a WATERFALL can be h directly ahead.
61) 13) dialog: “Going down...Party time...My friends are going to be there too..I’m on a...” Josh emerges into... 117 INT. CRYSTAL PALACE. A cavern of magnificent wonder and beauty. The chamber is finely decorated with millions of delicate CALCITE STRAWS hanging from the ceiling. Josh's LIGHT STICK reflects the exquisite crystal formations that cover every inch of the walls. A fine mist fills the air. The river disappears into a vast circular pit in the floo the cave. Around the pit, several other rivers cascade ou the cavern walls to form one great one big circular water plunging into infinity.
61) 14) dialog: “,..Highway to hell”. Josh gently lowers his father to the edge of a shallow po Then stumbles to the edge of the precipice and gazes down throws his fading CYLUME STICK over the edge and watches disappear into the darkness. A bottomless pit. No way down. No tunnel leading on. Josh CRACKS open the final LIGHT STICK and falls to his knees. Josh smiles as he gazes around the cavern, finally accepting his reality. His face reveals a peaceful revere He's breathing the cave in. Feeling it. Finally getting i
61) 16) dialog: I love you, Dad. Josh closes his eyes. Darkness engulfs us.
62) 0) text: POV Josh: staring at the yellow glow from the LIGHT STICK he falls through the darkness. The occasional glimpse of CLIFF WALL and the WATERFALL flashing by. The sinister HO of wind as the air rushes past him.
62) 1) dialog: Here. Now. This is who I am. Who you made me.
63) 0) text: BADOOSH! Josh plunges into a deep pool of water at the ba of the falls. He breaks the surface, COUGHING and SPLUTTE before being whisked away by a fast flowing river. Boulders loom in the dark. Josh steers himself around the best he can. A cliff wall suddenly materializes. The rive being sucked underground at a ferocious rate. Josh takes final deep BREATH just as...
64) 0) text: Josh is sucked down into the inky blackness. He allows th river to sweep him along. CRUNCH! He is slammed against t side of the tunnel. DING! His DILUENT CYLINDER scrapes al the ceiling. CRACK! His facemask shatters. Josh rips it f his face. Josh tumbles head over heels, bouncing off the walls on a roller-coaster ride into hell itself. Josh grabs a desper BREATH from the DILUENT CYLINDER and waves his LIGHT STIC around. POV Josh: in the dim beam, he can see the hazy outline of MARINE CORAL covering the tunnel, suggesting h may be close to the ocean wall.
65) 0) text: The current suddenly subsides and Josh finds himself drif down a wide tunnel, filled with beautiful CORAL SPONGES. allows himself to be carried by the current. He has a cal look upon his face. No fear at all. 119 PFFFT! Every few seconds, he reaches down and takes anot BREATH from the DILUENT CYLINDER. Bubbles dance and POP against the ceiling of the tunnel. PFFFT..FFF..F..T...... Suddenly, the DILUENT CYLINDER is empty. Josh smiles, shr and lets it fall. Inverting himself so he’s staring up at the ceiling, Josh see BUBBLES from his previous exhalations forming a tiny POCKET in the ceiling of the cave. He sees his hazy reflection in the bubble. Josh takes a SIP of air from th bubble and watches it trickle further down the tunnel, li mercury. Josh follows the bubble, gazing in wonder as it gets smal and smaller with each breath he takes. His reflection steadily reduces until...SHLOOP! A final breath...and the pocket has gone. Josh turns away from the ceiling. A school of YELLOW-TAIL JACKS suddenly darts into his light. The fish CIRCLE him, becoming temporary escorts as they lead him further down tunnel. POV JOSH: a DREAM-LIKE AURA clouds his vision, slowing hi every movement. He’s suffering from hypoxia: severe lack oxygen. His HEARTBEAT can be heard hammering in his chest Josh’s vision finally starts to narrow. Shapes WARP and S around him. The sound of his HEARTBEAT grows steadily lou until... BLOOMPTH! Josh exhales his final breath. Josh relaxes. He releases the LIGHT STICK and watches it float away into the darkness. As he sinks to the floor of cave, he is convinced he can see his father gazing at him from the shadows. Josh reaches toward him. Then blackness engulfs him. INT. SEA CAVE — DAY Darkness. The distant echo of waves SHUSHING against a sh Another sound, less defined. The sound of CHILDREN’S LAUGHTER. Suddenly, a tiny shaft of brilliant white light pierces t gloom. The dime-sized beam tracks slowly across a rock an illuminates Josh’s hand. The light moves slowly up his ar and across his chest until it finally caresses his face. Josh's eyes flicker open. 120 Staring down at him is the smiling face of six-year old BOY wearing a SNORKEL MASK. The boy LAUGHS and waves a YE TAILED SNAPPER in Josh’s face.
66) 0) text: The glassy ocean is rent asunder as Josh breaks the surfa A LOCAL FISHERMAN gazes down at him from his DUGOUT CANOE surprised expression on his face. Josh gulps down a deep BREATH of air. He throws back his and floats, gazing up at the sun.