7) 8) dialog: Numato! Tamairi! Yu-two fala ee kam long ples yia mo helpem me- fala. Mix master blong Jesus Christ! Two more VILLAGERS rush over and start loading empty CYLINDERS onto the KAMOV HELICOPTER. Jim removes the cigarette from Luko’s lips and crushes it out, nodding to the FLAMMABLE STICKER on the OXYGEN CYLINDER.
17) 3) text: EXCITED CHATTER as Carl, Josh, Victoria and Luko travel u the METAL CAGE attached to the CRANE. Carl is showing Jos the BASE JUMP HARNESS. The cage clears the edge of the cl Jim stands waiting for them, looking white as a sheet. Ot expedition members stand in utter shock. Some of them are CRYING. In an instant, all the color drains from Josh's f
17) 22) text: A huge bonfire in the center of the village. DRUMS beat a solemn rhythm as the LOCAL SHAMAN leads a dozen VILLAGERS a DEATH RITE around the fire. Their painted bodies gliste the firelight. Other VILLAGERS watch from the shadows. Scattered among them are several EXPEDITION MEMBERS, look utterly defeated. A couple of them are still crying. Josh, Carl and Victoria sit inside an open hut. Luko sits with them, preparing coconut shells of KAVA. He chews on root from a pepper plant and SPITS the intoxicating resid into the shells.
22) 0) text: Embers from the dying fire rise slowly in the pre-dawn ai Josh lies fast asleep outside Luko's hut. He's still full clothed from the night before. A BOOT rudely KICKS him aw Josh's eyes fly open. Frank stands looking down at him.
24) 0) text: A loud ARGUMENT rages between several VILLAGERS, includin Luko. MACHETES have been drawn and tempers flare. Frank, Crazy George, Carl and Victoria watch the argument from the edge of the doline. They are kitted up and ready rappel. Frank looks up to find Josh standing there, weari his waterproofs and climbing harness.
30) 3) text: Luko! No!
30) 4) dialog: Me mus run way out long ples yia! PFFFFFT! The water hits Luko like a sledgehammer, knockin the wind out of him and causing him to CRY OUT in pain.
31) 15) text: Over here! Someone bring the medical kit! The others wade over and stand horrified. Frank takes one look at Luko and throws the medical kit away. He leans forward to examine him. Luko tries to speak. Bloody froth pours from his broken jaw.
31) 40) text: There is: you can do as Frank says. Josh stands helpless. After a few seconds, he follows Cra George into the darkness. Frank approaches his old friend Though barely conscious, Luko seems to understand what mu be done. cur TO: Josh flashes his light back toward his father. Frank is holding Luko's head beneath the surface of the water. Jos shudders and turns away.
34) 13) text: Christ, George. Wake up. You saw what he did to Luko. What makes you think he values our lives any differently?