0) 3) text: “Hurley’s Hole”. Josh smirks at this. He turns around to see VICTORIA ALLA (30's) sitting in the rear passenger seat, reading the WA STREET JOURNAL. She looks tired and jet-lagged in her crumpled business suit, but still manages to retain a natural, understated beauty.
0) 5) dialog: “Carl Hurley’s latest ‘ego tour’, to dive the ‘Mount Everest’ of underwater caves in Papua New Guinea, has already cost over three million dollars and leaves many shareholders questioning his loyalties...
0) 7) dialog: “The thirty-six year old CEO of Delvenet...”
0) 10) dialog: “,..whose previous stunts include scaling Everest, diving Brittanic and base jumping the Eiffel Tower, is furious at the lack of media coverage his latest expedition... yada yada yada. There’s a cartoon as well...
0) 13) dialog: Carl!
0) 18) dialog: You're insane. Frustrated astronauts, all of you. Carl gazes down at the rainforest.
0) 20) dialog: Yeah, well. You'd better discover it quick. Here’s your schedule for next week. She hands him a sheet of paper covered in colored bars.
0) 23) dialog: Looks like ‘Hurley’s Hole’ may remain forever...unprobed. Josh cracks up LAUGHING. VRRRROOM! The helicopter LURCHES VIOLENTLY as Carl grabs CONTROL STICK and flings them 500ft down a steep sided valley. Victoria SCREAMS as Carl expertly puts the helico through a 360’ BARREL-ROLL. Josh clings on for dear life the valley walls flash by. Carl levels off, thirty feet above a huge river, the engi WHINING in protest. Carl is LAUGHING.
0) 24) dialog: You reckless son of a bitch!
0) 27) dialog: How’d you wind up here, Josh?
0) 30) dialog: What's Frank like? I’ve heard conflicting reports.
3) 2) text: Alright, I’1l give you a progress report: we’re down here, busting our balls, while you fuck off to pick up your girlfriend. Victoria, Josh and the basecamp manager, JIM SERGEANT (36 hover in the background next to an enormous CAVE MAP. Jim Josh exchange a look: this is typical Frank.
7) 17) dialog: Josh was going to teach me how to rappel...
7) 20) dialog: (she winks at Carl) You gonna come and hold my hand?
7) 22) dialog: Suit yourself. You have two-hundred emails waiting for you in there...
11) 1) dialog: Why should I trust you?
11) 3) dialog: Carl! Are we doing this or what? Carl lifts his hand, irritated. Victoria rolls her eyes a Josh.
11) 4) dialog: (continuing) I swear they’d still manage to find him on the moon! Carl paces over and thrusts the phone into Victoria's han
11) 6) dialog: Dealt with. Carl looks suitably shocked.
11) 11) text: You won’t let me fall? Victoria squeezes his hand. Josh BLUSHES.
11) 14) dialog: Climbing! With a wink and a smile, Victoria suddenly throws herself backwards over the edge. ZZZZIP! Josh gazes in open jawed amazement as Victoria expertly completes the rappel in three bounces.
13) 5) dialog: oh, Christ!
13) 8) dialog: Carl! You reckless son of a bitch!
17) 3) text: EXCITED CHATTER as Carl, Josh, Victoria and Luko travel u the METAL CAGE attached to the CRANE. Carl is showing Jos the BASE JUMP HARNESS. The cage clears the edge of the cl Jim stands waiting for them, looking white as a sheet. Ot expedition members stand in utter shock. Some of them are CRYING. In an instant, all the color drains from Josh's f
17) 22) text: A huge bonfire in the center of the village. DRUMS beat a solemn rhythm as the LOCAL SHAMAN leads a dozen VILLAGERS a DEATH RITE around the fire. Their painted bodies gliste the firelight. Other VILLAGERS watch from the shadows. Scattered among them are several EXPEDITION MEMBERS, look utterly defeated. A couple of them are still crying. Josh, Carl and Victoria sit inside an open hut. Luko sits with them, preparing coconut shells of KAVA. He chews on root from a pepper plant and SPITS the intoxicating resid into the shells.
17) 25) dialog: You never told me that.
17) 27) dialog: What happened?
17) 36) dialog: You think Frank'1ll cancel the expedition?
17) 40) dialog: I’ve swallowed worse. Victoria downs it in one.
17) 41) dialog: Wow! I can feel my lips going numb already. Carl reaches forward and nervously takes the shell. 29
17) 42) text: Just do it. Carl sips it, gingerly, holding his nose as he does so. Victoria takes perverse satisfaction in watching his discomfort. Carl GAGS and races out into the bushes.
17) 43) dialog: (continuing) Lightweight. Victoria staggers to her feet and follows Carl.
17) 44) dialog: (continuing) Oh man! That shit is really good. Suddenly, the DRUMS stop beating. Silence descends upon t village. Josh's intoxicated mind reels from the kava as h turns to see: Frank, stepping out of the shadows, looking utterly exhausted. He is caked in mud and looks like a primordial nightmare. George appears behind him. The villagers WHISP nervously as they watch Frank approach the expedition members. Jim steps forward and offers his condolences. Ot team members walk away in disgust. Josh closes his eyes. A shadow falls across Josh's face. He looks up to see Fra standing above him. Josh tenses as Frank sits next to him long awkward silence. The drums continue their mournful heartbeat, building in intensity over the following:
18) 0) text: Carl is doubled up in the bushes, DRY RETCHING from the k Victoria stands over him, rubbing his shoulders.
18) 1) dialog: Shhh! Listen! A distant CHANTING, carried on the wind. Curious, she staggers to the edge of the clearing to investigate. 32
18) 3) dialog: Quit whining. Victoria stumbles her way through the thick jungle. She’s still pretty intoxicated from the kava. An owl SHRIEKS, startling her. She listens again. Silence. Then a twig SN
18) 4) dialog: Who's there? The CHANTING starts again. Victoria nervously pushes forw She emerges into a clearing at the edge of the doline. At the edge of the doline, the KASTOM SHAMAN is surrounde several villagers performing an ancient PURIFICATION RITE The Shaman’s grotesque DEATH MASK glints in the moonlight he incants a solemn PRAYER. Victoria turns to leave. BLAM! Luko suddenly looms over her, swaying in a kava-ind trance. He doesn’t seem to recognize her. Victoria GASPS fright. After a few seconds, Luko staggers past her towar the ceremony. Josh steps out of the shadows, grabs Victoria’s hand and pulls her back into the jungle.
18) 5) dialog: Jesus! You scared me to death...
18) 7) dialog: What are they doing?
18) 9) dialog: Cave spirits?
24) 0) text: A loud ARGUMENT rages between several VILLAGERS, includin Luko. MACHETES have been drawn and tempers flare. Frank, Crazy George, Carl and Victoria watch the argument from the edge of the doline. They are kitted up and ready rappel. Frank looks up to find Josh standing there, weari his waterproofs and climbing harness.
24) 6) dialog: Josh... Frank shoulders his pack and threads his FIVE BAR RACK in the descent rope.
24) 8) dialog: Frank, stop. (beat) If he leaves now, you'll never see him again. Frank ignores her and leans back over the edge of the cli
24) 9) dialog: (continuing) I'm going back for him. Okay? A long pause.
24) 10) dialog: (continuing) Okay? Frank looks up at Victoria. Then nods his head, imperceptibly. ZIIIIP! Frank disappears over the edge of the cliff.
24) 11) dialog: Jesus. It's a wonder the boy's not in therapy.
25) 0) text: Victoria chases after Josh. She sees him storm away into jungle. 39
26) 16) text: Victoria's flashlight flickers on. Her eyes dart around i confusion as she tries to figure out what woke her. The NOISE from the stream has increased dramatically. The level of the water in the lake has risen to the point whe it's drenched the bottom of her sleeping bag. She KICKS C awake and stumbles across to Frank. Frank sits bolt uprig as Victoria’s light flits across his face.
31) 6) dialog: Just how tight does it get down there, Frank?
31) 8) dialog: (beat) I guess I’1l have to be.
31) 25) dialog: Oh, Jesus, no. No! Carl puts his arm around Victoria. She shrugs him off.
31) 58) dialog: I’m fine!
31) 62) dialog: And our day was going so well.
31) 75) dialog: Not literally, I hope? Frank flashes the “down” signal. They sink beneath the surface. INT. UNDER THE DECO HABITAT. The water turns a dirty, blood-red ochre as the divers fo Frank into the 'mixing zone'. Their powerful HID LIGHTS barely penetrate the thick clouds of silt that dance and swirl across their face masks. A surreal descent into a pinkish cloud of ghostly shadows. Frank locates the GUIDELINE and wraps Josh's hand firmly around it. Josh follows Frank’s fins into the murk.
31) 76) text: VARIOUS SHOTS as a thick shroud of silt cocoons the diver Frank appears out of the gloom, his thumb and forefinger circled around the GUIDELINE. He sweeps his arm up and do through the murk, like a blind man using a cane. He passe several plastic CAVE ARROWS, clipped to the line at intervals, pointing the way back out. Suddenly, the cave materializes in Frank's HID LIGHT. Josh jumps in fright as Frank’s face suddenly looms out o the dark. They exchange “okay” signals and descend along cave wall. CRUMP! Carl bangs into the cave wall, dislodging a huge STALACTITE. He YELLS a muffled warning into his mouthpiec Crazy George CURSES as the STALACTITE whizzes by, narrowl missing him. Victoria tightens her grip around Crazy Geor wrist. They continue onward. 56
31) 77) text: Frank leads the divers along the GUIDELINE until they rea the claustrophobic tunnel. It’s barely visible through th milky white-out. Victoria's eyes widen when she sees how tight the restric is. We hear her BREATHING increase as she fights the risi wave of panic. Frank circles his flashlight: ‘okay?' He receives a shaky signal back from her. Frank and George remove the EQUIPMENT PACKS from their harness and clip them around their ankles, so they can be dragged through the tunnel. Silt swirls. Frank removes his REBREATHER and holds it in front of him The others nervously do the same. Frank signals for Josh ‘buddy up’ with him. Pushing his REBREATHER ahead of him, Frank disappears into the hole. After a few seconds, Josh follows. INT. BODY TUBE - DEVIL'S RESTRICTION. POV Josh: He follows Frank into the tunnel, keeping his h on the line at all times. Frank's pack and fins can just seen scraping along the tunnel ahead. Breathe. Push. Brea Push.
31) 79) text: Back at the entrance, Carl disappears into the tunnel. Cr George turns toward Victoria and taps her on the shoulder She jumps. George shows her a message on his WRIST SLATE: "YOU CAN DO IT", next to a SMILEY FACE. Victoria nods her head, grateful. Crazy George squeezes her hand reassuring Then he disappears into the tunnel. INT. BODY TUBE - DEVIL'S RESTRICTION. A nightmarish sequence as the divers crawl down the body in near-zero visibilty: Frank glances behind him. The dull orange glow of Josh's light approaches. They exchange ‘okay’ signals. 57 Further back in the tunnel, Carl wedges stuck. He tries turn around but can't move. His BREATHING skyrockets. Car braces himself and STRAINS against the ceiling. White fragments of rock break free and dance like snowflakes against his helmet. He eventually manages to pull himself forward. Crazy George freezes as the ceiling starts to CREAK and GROAN. He glances back and sees Victoria waiting patientl for him. They exchange ‘okay’ signals. After a few second George continues, his eyes glued nervously to the ceiling Victoria claws her way forward, following Crazy George's EQUIPMENT BAG. Her eyes are fixed with dogged determinati She’s HUMMING a tune: “ONWARD CHRISTIAN SOLDIERS”, to cal herself down. INT. UNEXPLORED ABYSS. Darkness. Then the hazy glow of approaching lights. A thi cloud of silt billows from the tunnel in the cliff wall. free-fall parachutists emerging from a cloud, the divers break through into the gin-clear waters of the abyss. Victoria finally appears, a victorious grin on her face. Crazy George swims over, shakes her hand and then helps h back into the REBREATHER. Frank shows Josh his VR3 DIVE
33) 0) text: Blackness. Josh wakes with a start and stares up at the c ceiling. It takes him a moment to remember where he is. Frank is busy changing the batteries in the FLASHLIGHTS. George is filling a DRIED FOOD PACK with water. Carl is s alone on a rock, staring out into space. Victoria lies SHIVERING inside her SPACE BLANKET: she’s hypothermic and utterly miserable. GEORGE offers her some food. Josh crawls toward the EQUIPMENT BAGS and starts rummagin through the SUPPLIES. He pulls out a food bag and walks d to the water. Frank crouches by the shoreline, his flashl fixed upon a submerged rock far out in the water. He’s watching, listening, feeling the cave.
34) 2) text: Back at the sump, Victoria is still SHIVERING uncontrolla A single light casts gloomy shadows across the walls.
34) 4) dialog: I-I still can't feel my feet. Crazy George lifts the space blanket and pulls off Victor soaked WETSUIT BOOTEES.
34) 6) dialog: T-Thank you, George.
34) 8) dialog: I mean back there. The way you h-helped me. It was...was... Victoria stops herself before she gets upset.
34) 16) dialog: Spare us the morality lessons, Carl. You have no right to judge anyone, least of all Frank. It was a mercy killing.
34) 18) dialog: You can be such an asshole.
34) 20) dialog: He's not the one who got us into this mess!
34) 22) dialog: You know damn well.
35) 0) text: Victoria pulls herself to her feet and staggers towards C
35) 1) dialog: You turned off the comm system. (beat) Didn’t you? Crazy George looks up.
35) 3) dialog: “Uncontactable until further notice!” Well, we're pretty un- fucking-contactable now!
35) 5) dialog: Delusional? Look where we fucking are! You may have just killed us all. A voice from the shadows.
38) 0) text: Football Field chamber ends in a huge mountain of rubble disappears into the higher reaches of the cave. Victoria collapses, SHIVERING on a rock. She watches Carl’s light ascending up the debris slope, far above her.
38) 1) dialog: Carl! Wait for me! A voice in the darkness startles her. Frank steps out of shadows.
38) 3) dialog: Hot bath and a brandy and I'd be fine.
38) 6) dialog: Next year we're sticking to Disneyland. 69
38) 8) dialog: I ask myself that question every day. (beat) I was one of his guides on Everest. (smiling) Bastard had me fired so I’d come and work for him. How about you? How’d you get involved with the dot-com devil?
38) 11) dialog: Well. I’m glad you’re here to look after us.
38) 24) dialog: Frank, please. Let him go. Frank releases Carl. Carl slumps to the floor, clutching throat.
41) 4) dialog: I-I’'ll try. I’m just not sure I c- can hold a r-ope anymore...
41) 26) dialog: I-I’m staying with them, Carl. TIGHT on Carl: an angry and betrayed look upon his face a struggles to deal with this rejection.
42) 7) dialog: Are you okay?
45) 0) text: Victoria feels the rope go slack. She shouts down the dro
45) 1) dialog: off rope?
45) 6) dialog: Fetch the rope! Quickly! Carl scrambles toward the EQUIPMENT PACK. As he tears thr it, a dreadful realization hits him.
46) 3) dialog: No! Josh! Stay where you are! Josh starts to free-climb the sheer walls of the shaft.
46) 9) dialog: He's nearly there! Hold on!
49) 22) dialog: Josh..! No!...! 86 Josh draws level with Victoria. He edges his way toward clinging perilously to a narrow ledge behind the falls. W pounds his body. His foot slips and he only just manages save himself. Josh glances down fearfully at the rocks, f feet below him. Victoria pulls her head back up toward Frank, COUGHING an SPLUTTERING as the water pounds her face.
49) 23) dialog: Frank! Let me go! Frank gazes down at Victoria, a cold look on his face. Ca grip tightens on the rope.
49) 25) dialog: Y...got to....et me go, Frank! You’ll...lose us both! TIGHT on Frank as he coldly accepts her decision.