52) 5) dialog: Sherlock Holmes.
52) 7) dialog: (smiles)
53) 0) text: Holmes crash-lands on the table, scattering all the bottles and tools. He blinks, trying to gather his senses. He sees Dredger incoming, as -- Watson tussles with the thugs, a bar-room brawler.    Hea butting one, kicking the other in the groin. The men whip out knives. Watson ducks and dodges, blades flashing on either side of him. One of the blades slices his shirt, ripping off his pocket, so -- The ENGAGEMENT RING falls to the floor. One of the thugs accidentally KICKS it, sending it across the ground. As Watson follows the ring with his eyes, the first man HURLS his knife. Watson just barely ducks the blade, which SMACKS into the second thug, who falls. Watson fights the first thug, as he scrambles toward the ring.
54) 0) text: Dredger bears down on Holmes. Holmes reaches out for some kind of weapon, anything he can grab. He snatches a SHORT SHAFT. A truly pathetic weapon. Dredger lurches toward Holmes, who swings the metal shaft desperately, and... the shaft SPARKS. ZAP! A flash of light and crackle, and Dredger gets an ELECTRIC SHOCK that sends him flying back twenty feet --
55) 0) text: Watson finishes off his thug and plucks the engagement ring off the floor, just as -- Dredger flies through the air, SLAMMING into Watson, knocking him off his feet, and knocking the ring away. Holmes looks at the lightning rod in his hand, stunned by the efficacy of the weapon. Dredger tries to recover, climbing off of Watson.    Holm cranks his weapon. The rod sparks and hums. Dredger pulls himself up with the help of a water pipe on the wall. Holmes thinks quickly, then touches the other end of the pipe with the rod, and ZZZAPPPP!! The electrical current RUNS ALONG THE PIPE, and KNOCKS Dredger back twenty more feet.
56) 0) text: Dredger runs down the street, knocking people out of his way. Holmes gives chase, darting around people, trailing Dredger through the gates of a huge commercial shipbuilders. Watson brings up the rear, as --
57) 0) text: Dredger runs towards a SLIPWAY, which holds the UNFINISHED HULL OF A LARGE SHIP. The vessel can't be far from completion; it sits in a wheeled carriage designed to see it smoothly into water.
58) 0) text: For now though, big wooden chocks hold it in place, the whole thing is attached to a heavy chain that coils back around the shed that they just ran through. Holmes trails the hulking form of Dredger into this network of struts. They weave through the shadows. Holmes sees one of the cables shifting slightly.    He takes an angle to cut off Dredger, and --
59) 0) text: Watson runs round the end of the building and sees Holmes scrambling under the half-built hull. Dredger in pursuit.
60) 0) text: A police WHISTLE echoes through the air.   Dredger turns for a moment, just long enough for -- Holmes to launch himself at Dredger. They tumble down onto the massive runners on the floor of the slipway. Holmes wrestles Dredger's head onto the runner and pins him down. Dredger kicks out viciously, splintering another chock. It's the last straw for the support mechanism, the whole thing starts to creak.
62) 0) text: Grappling frantically on the runners, both Holmes and Dredger look up as the HUGE CHOCKS holding the ship
63) 0) text: Dredger looks up at the approach of the propellers -- -- Holmes charges into Dredger again, pulling him backwards across the runners. Dredger pulls Holmes down with him, Holmes' head hits the ground hard. Holmes lies semi-conscious, eyes rolled back into his head, as the leviathan roars down towards him. The ground beneath him shakes, knocks his head against the runner -- once, twice -- as he blinks back into consciousness, he sees the great shadow sweeping over him. He's doomed. And... The stern lurches to a STOP INCHES from his face. He opens one tentative eye, half expecting to find himself in the after-life, and sees black metal an inch from his nose. He realizes the ship has stopped, but he doesn't know why. He tries to roll out of the way, as --
64) 0) text: We see the chain extended taut as a tight-rope behind the half-launched ship. The SHIP squeals and groans as its timber supports buckle and crack with the weight of the tethered ship. A beat where the whole business hangs in limbo and... The timber finally gives way.   The ship is free again, falling through the air -- Holmes rolls sideways as the propellers slice through the air above his head -- the hull screams past him with a sound like the side of the world being torn off -- -- and then the ship's away, parting the Thames with a vast, frothy explosion of water. Holmes watches the ship drift gracefully out into the river -- from vortex to serenity in a matter of seconds. A quiet beat. Holmes collapses back, great gulps of air disappearing into his lungs. He tries to pull himself to his feet, but Dredger's bone-shaking punches have taken it out of him and he sags back to the ground. Watson arrives, helps him to his feet. They stagger back to the slipway where Dredger was standing. And they find:
113) 16) text: Keep at it. Holmes goes for Dredger.
115) 0) text: The chime echoes. Dredger charges towards the device and Irene. Holmes flies into him feet-first, deflecting him for a moment. It is now clear that Dredger's sole purpose is to protect the device. Irene sits at the device, trying to figure out how to defuse it.
115) 7) text: Nine strokes left. Dredger grins -- -- until he is earholed from behind by two bricks, swung with full force by Watson. Dredger drops Holmes, staggers back holding his bleeding ears. Holmes heads back to Irene. Watson draws the sword from his sword stick.   Deadly enough, but not very big.