5) 0) text: TWO HARD MEN in bowler hats stand guard.
5) 16) text: The two HARD MEN on guard turn fast and gather together as they hear footsteps approaching.
22) 0) text: A candle shivers, casting jagged shadows. A row of stone cells. The sound of prisoners SCREAMING in the dark. A full-scale riot is on. Five GUARDS charge down the corridor, banging on the doors to quiet the prisoners. The GUARD CAPTAIN approaches a young guard, CHARLIE, who is frozen on the spot.
22) 7) text: You lot shut it! (to the guards)
22) 8) text: Charlie, get, down here and get him to the infirmary. The guards pick Charlie up and carry him away. 19
28) 0) text: A pale, nervous GUARD leads Holmes down the shadowy corridor. All the cells are now EMPTY.
28) 2) dialog: We had to move `em, sir, otherwise we were going to have a riot on our hands. There's something about him... it's like he can get inside your head. Holmes can see how spooked the Guard is.
28) 4) dialog: Much obliged, sir. Thank you, thank you. The Guard high-tails it out of there. 27
87) 0) text: Holmes and Watson emerge out of the shallows, covered in mud. Holmes doesn't seem bothered. Watson does. They look up and see a jetty that heads out into the river. Two shadowy THUGS guard the dock, while more THUGS are loading the boat with something. Holmes and Watson scuttle forward, towards the entrance, where two more THUGS patrol. Watson pulls out Holmes' GUN.
93) 0) text: Two POLICEMEN half-heartedly guard the end of a corridor. One reads the paper. The headline: "AMERICAN AMBASSADOR
108) 0) text: The door is opened by Lord Coward, who's halfway through putting on his official robes, and caught off guard by the sight of Holmes cuffed (hands behind him) and flanked by Lestrade and men.
116) 0) text: Blackwood has lit four small red candles, placed them on the balustrade in front of him. He calmly intones a familiar chant. Lords are on their feet. Guards are banging outside the doors, but the doors are locked. Members of the Temple of Four Orders stand in front of anyone going to open them. 116