32) 1) dialog: London's so bleak this time of year.
32) 6) dialog: Not that I'm pining for New                               Jersey.                                                   Irene gets up to cross the room. Only once her back is turned does Holmes lever himself upright, stunned by this intrusion. As soon as she clears he quickly moves over to a concealed safe. He tests the door to make sure it's still locked.
32) 7) dialog: I prefer to travel in the winter.                         As she passes a small table that has been outfitted with tea, dried fruit, olives, etc...
32) 8) dialog: I brought a few souvenirs. Dates                          from Jordan, tea from Ceylon and                          olives from Cyclades. I thought                           we'd have a little tea party to                           cheer us up.                                              Irene grabs a file from Holmes' desk.
32) 9) dialog: I came across this as I was                               setting up.                                               Irene opens the file, flips through newspaper clippings and police reports, her back to Holmes.
32) 10) dialog: Theft of Velasquez portrait from                          the King of Spain... Missing naval                        documents lead to resignation of                          Bulgarian Prime Minister...                               Scandalous affair ends engagement                         of Hapsburg Prince to Romanov                             Princess.                                                 Holmes stealthily turns down a photo of Irene, just before she turns back to face him.
32) 15) dialog: I don't see my name anywhere.                            
32) 18) dialog: He has a palace full of them.                             Let's not dwell on the past.                              They move to sit at the table.
32) 19) dialog: By the looks of things you're                             between cases at the moment.                             
32) 21) dialog: He snored. I'm Irene Adler again                          and I need your help to find                              someone. There's nobody more                              brilliant or who knows London                             better than you. Plus, it's a                             wonderful opportunity to see you                          again.                                                    TRACK INTO Irene's hypnotically beautiful eyes. Holmes almost melts. Then, Irene reaches for something inside her jacket and Holmes grabs her hand.
32) 22) dialog: Why are you so suspicious?                               
32) 27) dialog: This is all the information you                          need.                                                    She hands him the envelope.
32) 29) dialog: I'm my own man.                                         
32) 34) dialog: They gave me our old room.                              As she walks out she puts her photo back upright.
33) 0) text: Irene descends the stairs just as Watson is coming in. He lifts his hat, waits for her to pass --
33) 1) dialog: Hello, John. -- does a speechless double-take when he sees who it is. Irene keeps moving.
34) 0) text: We PICK UP Irene crossing a street. She passes a DARK ALLEYWAY. Pauses. Looks. She turns into the alley. HOLD ON the alley for a long beat. Too dark to see much in there.
34) 2) dialog: emerges from the alley holding a lovely bunch of roses. She sniffs them appreciatively, walks on.
34) 4) dialog: approaches a waiting carriage, looks around her, gets in.
35) 0) text: Irene sits, turns to address a man-shaped shadow filling the opposite corner of the carriage. Before she can speak, a gesture from the shadow stills her. This is PROFESSOR MORIARTY. Irene is made to wait as Moriarty finishes writing a complex mathematical equation (in astronomy), folds the paper to reveal that it is addressed to THE ROYAL ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY, cracks open the carriage window and slides the folded paper partway out. Someone waiting outside takes the paper, and their footsteps clatter away. Moriarty closes the window, and the carriage starts moving. A full beat goes by before he turns to Irene, finally prepared to engage with her.
35) 2) dialog: Not for money, but for me.   I wager he'll find our man within twenty-four hours.
35) 6) dialog: I'm certain.
35) 8) dialog: 
37) 35) dialog: Why don't I see myself out.
37) 36) text: Once Irene leaves, he steps quickly to a window, and looks out to see her walking down Baker Street, turning down an alley. He bolts    into --
41) 0) text: He runs down the mews in great haste, stops at the same alley that Irene disappeared into -- but at the other side.
41) 2) text: from concealment:    Irene walks towards a MAN HOLDING A BUNCH OF ROSES.
41) 4) dialog: Oh, how nice of you.
42) 0) text: The man with the roses beckons Irene forward. Another man steps in behind her, trapping her. He closes in to grab her -- -- and WHAP!WHAP!WHAP! Gets three cosh-strikes across the chin, dropping him immediately. Still holding the roses, the man finds himself smacked up against the bricks with Irene's hand over his mouth. Quick as a snake, she slices upwards with a razor-sharp knife, cutting his belt, then his clothes, all the way to his collar. The move ends with Irene's finger over her own mouth, signalling the mugger to be quiet. He obeys, eyes bulging. Irene frisks him expertly. She's mugging the mugger. There is excitement in her eyes; this turns her on.
42) 4) dialog: Oh, look, a wallet. Doesn't look like yours, does it? And -- naughty boy -- here's another one. I'll return them, shall I? She takes both wallets, takes the roses --
42) 5) dialog: These are lovely, thank you. -- and leaves, stepping daintily over the crumpled man on the floor. On second thoughts, she turns back, takes his wallet too, then leaves.
43) 0) text: Holmes exits the alley, catches a glimpse of Irene through a STREET FAIR, which is being assembled. Holmes picks up the pace. He snatches a HAT from a one-eyed old BEGGAR with his hand out. He drops a coin in his hand, then another coin and snatches the beggar's eye patch too. He runs past a coal cart, snags a lump of coal, rubs it on his face and hands, then pops it in his mouth, chews it to blacken his teeth. He pauses to singe the sleeve of Watson's coat on a fairground fire-breather's flames, runs on.
45) 0) text: Holmes strums one more chord on his violin, thinking. Irene's bag of money still sits on the table.
71) 0) text: Irene enters wearing a stunning evening dress. She pauses glancing briefly around the room before sitting at a mirrored dressing table. There's a decanter on the table next to her from which she pours herself a glass of wine. Then she begins removing an impressive assortment of WEAPONS hidden on her person: she pulls a stiletto from her garter, a Derringer from her waistband (which she puts down next to the wine glass). She pulls long thin needles from her hair, lets her hair down. As she continues... PULL BACK TO REVEAL Holmes watching her from a shadowy corner. He looks on silently until:
71) 1) dialog: If you're going to watch me take my clothes off, Sherlock, the least you can do is help me with the buttons.
71) 3) dialog: To watch a lady undress without her permission is a criminal offense, Sherlock, and could get you into a lot of trouble... They both eye the Derringer on the table.
71) 4) dialog: So why don't you come over here and help me instead. Holmes approaches her somewhat tentatively and reaches for the top button on the back of her dress.
71) 5) dialog: That's better.
71) 7) dialog: I knew I could count on you.
71) 12) dialog: Wonderful. Case closed then. Your services are no longer required. Unbuttoning done, Holmes steps out to confront Irene.
71) 14) dialog: (behind screen)
71) 17) dialog: Let's not argue.
71) 20) dialog: That's nobody's business but my own.
71) 25) dialog: You see, we are arguing. Holmes gets closer and closer to Irene as he presses his case vehemently.
71) 27) dialog: This wine is excellent.    You should really try some. Holmes notices her Derringer on the table next to the wine bottle.
71) 29) dialog: Do we really have to decide now? Irene reaches for the wine.
71) 34) dialog: That's better. Irene pulls him down to it.     He doesn't resist.
71) 37) dialog: Much better. Irene has handcuffed him to the bed frame.
71) 38) dialog: This is the only way it could ever work between us, Sherlock -- one in shackles, the other with the key. She gets off him. While he struggles on the bed, Irene walks casually across the room. She starts putting on MAN'S CLOTHING. She's in charge now.
71) 39) dialog: I've NEVER been in over my head.
71) 41) dialog: But free. And on my own terms. Just like you -- well, not you at this exact moment --
71) 45) dialog: -- but generally speaking. Holmes has no retort. Irene takes the scarf off his neck, moves to the doorway.
71) 46) dialog: If anyone asks, please let them know that Mr. O'Neil didn't have time to check out. (beat)
71) 49) dialog: What were you doing consorting with a married business traveller in his hotel room is something you'll have to explain for yourself. She picks up TWO SUITCASES waiting for her at the door (NEW PROP!) and, as she leaves:
71) 50) dialog: Where's Watson when you need him?
90) 11) text: She followed you. You led your little lamb straight to slaughter. Suddenly the whole machine starts up. Industrial- strength loud, movement everywhere, empty hooks jerking towards the processing line. Blades and gears and grinders churn. Watson's eyes go from Blackwood to -- A pig carcass as it comes swinging out of the killing area, towards the SCORCHER (which scorches the carcasses with live flame). Then next carcass emerges -- -- not a carcass, Irene. She is alive, for now. She hangs from two hooks on a track-line, her wrists shackled above her, her mouth gagged. Her eyes show terror until she sees them, then immense relief for a moment, then determination. Holmes looks up to see Blackwood's shadow retreating. Decision time.
91) 0) text: Holmes drops on to the machine and leaps from gear to gear like stepping-stones. He heaves himself up to the conveyor, where Irene is being pulled down the assembly line towards the flames. Watson sprints ahead, looking for a shut-off switch. Holmes unties Irene's gag.
91) 5) dialog: But this time no key, unfortunately. Holmes notes that Irene's hands are shackled to separate hooks. It's going to take two actions to free her. The flame machine gurgles ominously, gearing up for the next blast. Watson sees a LEVER (PLEASE NOTE, NEW PROP!) that looks promising, turns to head for it -- then his eyes focus on a big canvas splatter cloth.
91) 7) dialog: Well, I'm a captive audience. Watson rips down the splatter cloth, sprints to Holmes and Irene, tosses the cloth across the conveyor belt to Holmes -- -- who wraps them up in the thick cloth just before the flames hit them. The heat is excruciating -- but the cloth protects them. Watson watches anxiously as the scorched cloth drops away, revealing that Holmes and Irene made it -- just. Relieved, Watson heads for the lever until "Oh Shit!" he looks ahead -- -- sees the scorched pig carcass being dragged into a long, conveyor-belt-wide SCALDING TANK OF BOILING WATER. Decision time for Watson -- help Holmes and Irene, or try the lever? He goes for the lever, reaches it, pushes it all the way over -- -- and the belt speeds up with a jerk. Watson hauls back on the lever, gets the belt back to the original speed, looks around for another possible off switch. Just as they reach the scalding tank, Holmes jumps off the belt (still opposite side to Watson), grabs Irene's legs and pulls her horizontal just before she's dragged into the boiling water.
91) 11) dialog: (trying her best not to show the strain)
91) 12) text: You had a question. Holmes keeps hold of Irene's feet as he maneuvers past various obstacles --
91) 15) dialog: (panting)
91) 16) text: In some countries steam is considered excellent therapy for the skin. -- then is gouged in the back by a whirling fan belt, jerks away, and Irene touches the water, SCREAMS. Watson hears the scream, turns -- then sees something again. It pisses him off. Fuck this machine. When Holmes has Irene stable again:
91) 17) dialog: (weakly)
91) 18) text: I have to say -- it's overrated. Holmes has to admire her courage -- until he hears Watson yelling at him. Up ahead a huge pipe spews boiling water into the tank -- and impassable obstacle from Holmes' side of the conveyor belt. Watson points at the I-beam running above them.   Holmes nods. Irene sees it, too. Holmes helps her reach one foot, then other up to the I- beam. She hooks her feet over it, and is suspended upside down by her shackles and her feet -- -- and still heading for the pipe spewing boiling water. Watson appears opposite Holmes, nods up at Irene.   She swings off the I-beam, through the air --
91) 23) dialog: Sherlock? Now, she's showing nerves. So is Sherlock. He braces himself on the belt, swings the cleaver with all his might -- -- smashes the shackle lock. Irene swings sideways violently, still shackled by her right hand. The bandsaw whines viciously. Irene swings aside, just misses it.
91) 27) dialog: Thank you so much. I owe you. -- pulls a knife, gets up, heads after Watson.    Holmes grabs her, stops her.
91) 29) text: No more games, Irene. She hears Watson opening the door to the dock. She looks at Holmes, their eyes locking. Finally, the truth:
91) 30) dialog: Blackwood's manufactured large- scale weapons for years. Lately there've been rumors of something new. More powerful than anything else. And... magical. My job is to find out if the rumors are true.
91) 35) dialog: (beat)
92) 0) text: Watson runs out of doors and towards the end of the dock. He sees: Blackwood and the boat are disappearing into the darkness. Holmes and Irene run out of the doors following Watson. Holmes slows, looking around the dock, seeing something on the planks: Steel drums are dripping.    A chemical.   Holmes recogni it.
99) 14) dialog: I was... I had to get you to pass out to settle down. They smile at their unique, twisted understanding of one another.
100) 0) text: Watson and Irene sit at a table, the SCREECH of a fiddle now comes from upstairs. The fiddler's owner -- from the pub's band -- is busy getting drunk with the money he has acquired. Irene arrives with two pints, puts one down in front of him, sits opposite him with the other. Watson looks from Irene to the pint with open suspicion. Could it be poisoned? He wouldn't put it past her. But then he decides that's absurd. He takes a sip.
100) 1) dialog: Oh, I poisoned that one.
100) 3) dialog: Better a snake than a lap dog.
100) 5) dialog: No, doctor, I'm simply a woman. (beat)
100) 10) dialog: Understand that, and you'll have a happy marriage.
100) 12) dialog: (alternate dialogue)
102) 0) text: The music stops. Irene and Watson notice the silence. They swap a glance. A beat. And Holmes emerges.
103) 4) dialog: Yes, your little white tail got rather dirty.
103) 24) dialog: What is the meaning of this circle? Irene indicates the fifth circle Holmes has drawn -- the point at which the other four come together. They look to where it would correspond to on the map -- right in the middle of the river.
103) 30) dialog: Police. Holmes folds up his piece of paper, hands it to Watson. He quickly moves to a hatch in the floor. Flings it open.
109) 9) dialog: Where to, Sherlock? Holmes points to a dark recess in the embankment.
109) 15) dialog: Starting early, aren't we?
109) 18) text: She can see this is more than a social invitation, she takes a hit, pulls a face. Holmes nods towards Watson, Irene passes him the bottle. He drinks, grimaces, hands it on to Tanner, who swallows it without flinching, wipes his mouth, smiles. The boat is almost at the sewers.
111) 2) text: Holmes and Watson leap off the boat into the mouth of the sewer. Irene follows. (Watson has his SWORD STICK and a GUN, Holmes has changed into the clothes Watson brought for him.) They move through the shadowy sewer tunnels, working their way around corners and through junctions back under the Houses of Parliament.
111) 12) dialog: All of the people inside that building --
113) 9) dialog: I've never seen anything like it.
115) 0) text: The chime echoes. Dredger charges towards the device and Irene. Holmes flies into him feet-first, deflecting him for a moment. It is now clear that Dredger's sole purpose is to protect the device. Irene sits at the device, trying to figure out how to defuse it.
115) 6) dialog: (without looking up)
115) 7) text: Nine strokes left. Dredger grins -- -- until he is earholed from behind by two bricks, swung with full force by Watson. Dredger drops Holmes, staggers back holding his bleeding ears. Holmes heads back to Irene. Watson draws the sword from his sword stick.   Deadly enough, but not very big.
117) 2) dialog: Got it... Which is when a blood-maddened Dredger thunders into them both, arms wide, driving Holmes and Irene away from the device -- -- hammering them into the wall with a mighty thud. Then he braces his massive feet, angles his huge legs and pushes, squeezes them against the wall like a human vice. That's the extent of Dredger's plan, and it will work for long enough because --
117) 4) dialog: (breath crushing out of her)
117) 12) dialog: Two! Holmes and Irene stagger for the device. Fizzling, boiling inside, the dying giant falls like a tree. Watson is face-down on the stones, still.   The gun falls out of his limp hand. Irene swipes her hand down into the cradle, just barely avoiding the sparks and coils, snatching her blade, and... ZAP! A spark hits the blade, and she angles the blade, redirecting the spark toward -- Holmes' pipe, which BLOWS WITH A VICIOUS CRACK!   The shaped charge shears the steel rods. Holmes and Irene reach for the cylinders.
119) 0) text: ZZZZP! The electrical charge zaps through the device, electrodes sizzle, sending blinding sparks through the cradle. Holmes and Irene RIP the cylinder out of the way just as... the sparks collide in a blinding flash and...
122) 0) text: Holmes and Irene look each other in the eye.   For the first time, neither knows what to say.
122) 1) dialog: That was something new for us.
122) 4) dialog: Watson --
124) 0) text: Irene hears Holmes' angry footsteps behind her, turns, sees a flash of movement through the labyrinth of tunnels and columns. She picks up speed.
125) 0) text: Panting, Irene runs along a tunnel that steps lower -- -- and pinches tighter. A large-diameter water pipe angles down the tunnel wall, forcing Irene to turn sideways to continue. The sound of Holmes' footsteps drives her forward. And then the tunnel ends. The water pipe breaks off jaggedly in mid-air, next to Irene's head. The continuation of the pipe passes through solid brick at the end of the tunnel -- a dark, claustrophobic gamble. Irene hesitates for a moment, then slithers into the pipe, into the unknown.
126) 0) text: The pipe angles down, damp, horrible. For a long moment it is pitch black, pinched down. Irene's quick, anxious breath the only point of reference. This is as tight, subterranean, dark and nightmarishly claustrophobic as it gets. Then, almost imperceptibly, light. We can make out Irene's determined profile. Light increases, and so does Irene's rate of movement.
127) 0) text: The pipe emerges from the brick wall in what looks to be the cellar of a building. Stonework fairly new. Dim daylight from an unseen opening shows a fixed ladder heading upwards. Irene accelerates for it.
129) 0) text: Irene -- climbing with one hand, cylinders in the other - reaches an iron grate, has to use all her strength to shoulder it aside. As fit and athletic as she is, this is a grind.
130) 0) text: Irene emerges at the base of a dark, hollow building full of construction equipment, and sees, yes -- -- more stairs, upward.   The only ready way out. Gritting her teeth, chest heaving, Irene charges the stairs --
134) 0) text: Irene works her way through the construction debris on the bridge. She makes it to the end, no further to go.
134) 4) text: Irene turns.
134) 5) dialog: Goodbye!
134) 7) dialog: You of all people know I will pull this trigger.
134) 12) dialog: I'd tell you I'm sorry, that I                            wish things could be different but                        you wouldn't believe me anyway.                          
135) 43) dialog: It looks like rain.                                      
135) 45) dialog: You were right, he is a professor.                        Moriarty. Key's in the watch                              pocket.                                                  
135) 49) dialog: You'll miss me, Sherlock.
138) 0) text: As Watson and Mary climb the stairs, it becomes clear that Mary now wears IRENE'S DIAMOND on her finger. Holmes had it made into an engagement ring.
139) 17) text: Irene was just a diversion. Mary looks at Watson who is clearly trying to curb his enthusiasm and interest. A KNOCK.   The MAN from the stairs pokes his head in.