69) 15) dialog: I suppose you already have some notion as to the -- practices of our Order?
69) 18) dialog: What some call the dark arts, or practical magic. Holmes looks around the room, sees FLAGS on the walls with ancient symbols, variations of the SPHINX.
69) 40) dialog: His power grows daily and exponentially. His resurrection is evidence of that. What he does next will be far more dangerous --
69) 42) dialog: We'll give you any assistance we can. As Home Secretary, I have considerable influence over the police. (beat)
83) 0) text: A five-sided room. A few dozen venerable-looking characters arrange themselves in seats. Lord Coward stands next to a central throne. He stays standing as they all sit -- all except STANDISH.
83) 2) dialog: Sir Thomas is dead. Effective immediately, I nominate Lord Blackwood as head of the Order.
108) 0) text: The door is opened by Lord Coward, who's halfway through putting on his official robes, and caught off guard by the sight of Holmes cuffed (hands behind him) and flanked by Lestrade and men.
108) 1) dialog: Lestrade?
108) 4) dialog: I have five minutes before my next engagement, why don't you regale me with your stories of conspiracies. Thank you, Lestrade, if you could wait outside. Lestrade leaves and shuts the door.
108) 11) text: Man, ox, eagle, lion -- the lion is parliament, isn't it? Lord Coward slows, looks at Holmes in some astonishment.
108) 12) dialog: Very clever. But it's not murder, Mr. Holmes. It's mercy. We are giving the weak masses a strong shepherd. Don't you see it's for their own good? Smoke fills the room so that Holmes is concealed. Coward pulls a gun from the desk and moves to the window. He opens it to try and clear the smoke.
108) 14) dialog: I have told you nothing.
108) 24) dialog: It's a shame you made an enemy out of Blackwood, Holmes, you would have made a valuable ally. The powers at our disposal are far greater than you can imagine.
108) 31) dialog: How terrible is wisdom, Holmes, when it brings no profit to the wise. (turning to Holmes)
112) 0) text: Air blows UP through the grate. The chamber is now full of Lords and senior Royals. As they start to take seats, Lord Coward steps up, checks the crowd. He sees a shadow up in the Lords' Gallery. 111
114) 1) dialog: Look. All eyes rise to see: BLACKWOOD, up in the Lords' Gallery. The hall goes silent, staring at a ghost. Blackwood is calm, commanding. Voices rise; Blackwood's followers move to block the doors as -- BONG! The first CHIME OF NOON from Big Ben. 114