69) 0) text: The hood is pulled off. Holmes takes in the scene, eyes flicking around the room. He's in a grand office where a man in his late 60s, SIR THOMAS, rises from a pile of papers.
69) 1) dialog: Mr. Holmes, apologies for summoning you like this. I'm sure it's quite a mystery as to where you are, and who I am.
69) 9) dialog: Yes, well, it's standard procedure, I suppose. Holmes shakes his head; what a massive lack of judgement on their part.
69) 14) dialog: Sherlock Holmes, Ambassador Standish from America and Lord Coward, the Home Secretary. Holmes acknowledges them -- barely -- as they enter.    H isn't impressed by rank.
69) 17) dialog: Be as skeptical as you like -- but our secret systems have steered the world towards the greater good for centuries. The danger is that they can also be exploited for more nefarious purposes.
69) 28) text: -- plus identical outer ears, or pinna, which only pass down through the direct bloodline, which would make you either brothers, or, more likely, father and son. Stunned, the men consult silently, come to some sort of conclusion. They turn back to Holmes. Sir Thomas seems especially shaken.
69) 29) dialog: Very few people are privy to that information, and we want to keep it that way. Sir Thomas opens a bureau, digs for something.
69) 30) dialog: He was conceived during one of our rituals. His mother wasn't my wife, but she shared our beliefs. She was a powerful practitioner. Though not enough to survive giving birth to him. Holmes is appalled and shows it.
69) 31) dialog: We were young. It was before we fully understood the powers we were dealing with.
69) 33) dialog: Death followed him wherever he went, from his birth to arms he made and sold. What family he had tended to... not survive. No one could prove anything of course, but we all knew -- Sir Thomas hands Holmes a TINTYPE. A photograph from the 1860s. It's chilling: a death scene, a BODY covered by a sheet. A man who's just fallen out a window. A TEN- YEAR-OLD BOY -- young Lord Blackwood -- looks on.
69) 34) dialog: The boy was a curse. I didn't have the courage either to take him in or to --
69) 39) dialog: We've done our best to stop him ourselves, but it's not enough.
69) 41) dialog: -- he's going to raise a force that will alter the very course of our world. We need you to find him and stop him before he does.
69) 46) dialog: What is it? Holmes holds up the tintype.
72) 0) text: Sir Thomas enters the hall from outside, he looks tired. His butler, PERIGRINE, stands there waiting for him.
72) 2) dialog: No thank you, Perigrine, I'm going to bed. (as he heads upstairs)
73) 0) text: Sir Thomas sinks into his bath.   Relaxing. The CAMERA SLOWLY TRACKS IN, drip, drip, drip. The silence is broken all of a sudden when the tap is magically turned on. Sir Thomas opens his eyes in panic, as he hears an eerie WHISPER O.S., like the rushing of wind. Sir Thomas is overcome with panic, tries to sit up. Can't. Not all the way.
77) 3) text: -- only his ring was missing. He turns, puzzled, looking for Holmes, finds him right back at the doorway, in full virtuoso detective mode. Right now, right here is where Holmes is at his very best -- this is, in fact, why he exists. Holmes is satisfied by what he sees or finds, continues into the bathroom, where a POLICE OFFICER stands over the tub and Sir Thomas' body (covered with a blanket). The tub has been drained. The kind of crime scene violation that Holmes cannot get them to stop doing.
97) 0) text: Holmes enters, disturbed, pained.   Emotions swirling. He pulls out a newspaper with the story of Standish's death, the pages and strange sacrificial offerings (bone, hair, feather, fang) from Sir Thomas' house. Gathering himself, Holmes stands in the middle of the bare room and starts to lay out the clues he has on the floor. The Ox bone directly in front of him (at 12 o'clock). The eagle feather to his right (at 3 o'clock). The human hair behind him (at 6 o'clock) and the Lion's fang to his left (at 9 o'clock). Then with a piece of charcoal Holmes draws a circle around each image and a circle directly in the center of the four other circles. He then draws lines which join the circles together in the shape of a cross. In the center circle he draws a pentagram (using wax from a burning candle?). Then he pours a ring of salt around that circle. He lights four candles (one at each point of the cross) then stands in the center of the circle. He pulls a pocket knife from his coat, opens the blade, cuts his thumb and allows the drops of blood to drip onto the ground just outside the circle.
101) 0) text: as he plays the violin, but not with a bow. He plucks it, he strums it, he makes strange atonal sounds, as he STARES AT THE RITUAL PATTERN he's laid out on the floor. Flashes to various images of the sphinx that he's observed over the course of the investigation. He stands up and draws a sphinx in charcoal on the floor. Then he moves to the ox bone -- a flash of Sir Thomas' ring with the Ox crest. He draws an ox in charcoal. Next to the ox bone Holmes writes -- Sir Thomas -- OX ring. Next, he moves to the feather -- a flash to an Eagle in flight -- he quickly sketches an eagle. Then to an American flag, then to Standish with his eagle-topped cane. Next to the feather he writes America. Then he moves to the hair. He draws a man's face. Flash to Reordon's red hair. Next to it Holmes writes Man. Then he moves to a Lion fang. He sketches out a lion -- he thinks -- BUT no flashes. Next to it he writes a big question mark. Where? Who? Holmes returns to his violin. Staring at the Lion fang as if willing the flashes to come. 101