4) 10) dialog: What's goin' on, John? When he gets no answer, the THUG points his gun to where we saw Holmes hide. But Holmes appears from the shadows behind the THUG, reaches around him, grabs his gun hand and pistol-whips him twice with his own gun, dropping him. Holmes extracts a cigar from the Thug's top pocket and sniffs it appreciatively.
6) 0) text: Thugs dispatched, Holmes and Watson look down and see a chilling sight.
52) 0) text: BOOM!   The door WHIPS open.    TWO THUGS spill into the room.
52) 8) text: You do like to talk. The two thugs step toward Holmes and Watson.
53) 0) text: Holmes crash-lands on the table, scattering all the bottles and tools. He blinks, trying to gather his senses. He sees Dredger incoming, as -- Watson tussles with the thugs, a bar-room brawler.    Hea butting one, kicking the other in the groin. The men whip out knives. Watson ducks and dodges, blades flashing on either side of him. One of the blades slices his shirt, ripping off his pocket, so -- The ENGAGEMENT RING falls to the floor. One of the thugs accidentally KICKS it, sending it across the ground. As Watson follows the ring with his eyes, the first man HURLS his knife. Watson just barely ducks the blade, which SMACKS into the second thug, who falls. Watson fights the first thug, as he scrambles toward the ring.
55) 0) text: Watson finishes off his thug and plucks the engagement ring off the floor, just as -- Dredger flies through the air, SLAMMING into Watson, knocking him off his feet, and knocking the ring away. Holmes looks at the lightning rod in his hand, stunned by the efficacy of the weapon. Dredger tries to recover, climbing off of Watson.    Holm cranks his weapon. The rod sparks and hums. Dredger pulls himself up with the help of a water pipe on the wall. Holmes thinks quickly, then touches the other end of the pipe with the rod, and ZZZAPPPP!! The electrical current RUNS ALONG THE PIPE, and KNOCKS Dredger back twenty more feet.
87) 0) text: Holmes and Watson emerge out of the shallows, covered in mud. Holmes doesn't seem bothered. Watson does. They look up and see a jetty that heads out into the river. Two shadowy THUGS guard the dock, while more THUGS are loading the boat with something. Holmes and Watson scuttle forward, towards the entrance, where two more THUGS patrol. Watson pulls out Holmes' GUN.