0) 0) text: Absolute bedlam. 300 drunken STOCKBROKERS, most in their early 20s, chant wildly as JORDAN BELFORT, handsome, 30, stands beside a DWARF dressed in tights, cape &amp; helme
0) 5) text: The Brokers go apeshit as Jordan grabs the Dwarf by his pants and collar. In the Crowd, cash flies as side bets are made. Jordan winds up, aims for the "dartboard".
0) 7) text: The Brokers cheer, and as the screaming Dwarf takes flight, hurtling toward camera, we FREEZE FRAME:
9) 0) text: Gadgets, computers, oxblood leather furniture. With the DIN of the brokerage firm bleeding in, Jordan uses a credit card to cut a line of coke on his desk. As he peels a crisp $100 DOLLAR BILL off a wad, rolls it up:
12) 0) text: Computers, telephones everywhere. At their desks, 45 shirt-sleeved BROKERS read their Wall St. Journals, readying for war. Like an eager puppy, Jordan follows broker JERRY FOGEL, 30, thick-lipped and bow-tied...
14) 0) text: As STRIPPERS grind in b.g, Jordan parties with Mark Hanna and dozens of BROKERS and TRAINEES. Jordan sips a martini and studies Mark Hanna, hitting on a STRIPPER.
15) 0) text: Briefcase in hand, Jordan boards the elevator with a dozen other BROKERS.
16) 0) text: Total chaos. Jordan dials the phone as all around him Brokers panic, screaming into headsets.
18) 0) text: The antithesis of L.F. Rothschild, with cheap furniture and a dozen misfit "BROKERS" giving loud, obnoxious sales pitches. Jordan enters, a modern man among cave people. DWAYNE, slovenly, 35, with a walrus mustache, looks up.
18) 4) text: Jordan Belfort, I called earlier. I was a broker with Rothschild. Dwayne motions Jordan to a seat. Nearby, a Broker in ratty Keds, TOBY WELCH, is screaming into his phone.
19) 0) text: As others Brokers bark into phones, Jordan sits, phone cradled in his shoulder, making notes. A few beats, then:
19) 2) text: Mr. Fleming, good morning, Jordan Belfort with Investor's Center in New York City. You recently responded to one of our ads... A few of the other Brokers glance over, eavesdropping.
29) 1) text: Jordan emerges from his office into the garage area (the bullpen), looking on as Donnie, Chester, Robbie, Sea Otter and four other BROKERS (now including RUGRAT and Toby) make sales calls from the cheap desks.
33) 0) text: Another day. With Stratton Oakmont signage visible in the b.g., Jordan is on speakerphone with a potential CLIENT, the other Brokers listening in.
34) 0) text: Jordan stands addressing his Brokers.
36) 0) text: Jordan stands before the Brokers.
38) 0) text: Jordan stands before the Brokers.
40) 1) text: The place is crowded; now 20 Brokers make up the sales force. Sea Otter pitches a client.
41) 1) text: Even more crowded, with 30 Brokers.
42) 1) text: More Brokers still - now there's 45.
43) 0) text: New offices now, a real brokerage firm. The bullpen is large, with 75 Brokers at polished maple desks, sitting before computers talking into headsets.
44) 0) text: 4PM the place goes nuts as Jordan emerges from his office holding a spread sheet. He addresses the crowd of 100 BROKERS, which now includes a dozen WOMEN.
49) 0) text: CLOSE ON two BROKERS wrestling while others cheer them on. PULL BACK to reveal the place from the opening. 300 young Brokers and their hot ASSISTANTS work the phones.
50) 0) text: In a stall, two Brokers snort coke, while another Broker fucks a Sales Assistant perched on the sink.
51) 0) text: Two dozen Brokers cheer, watching through the rising glass elevator as BEN JENNER, 25, gets a blowjob from a brunette SALES ASSISTANT.
95) 8) text: Is he wearing a bow tie? In the Bullpen WE SEE a young Stratton Broker in a bowtie cleaning a small goldfish bowl on his desk.
96) 7) text: Dozen of Brokers and Sales Assistants look over as Donnie snatches up the fish. Holding it by its tail, he jumps up on the desk of the Broker in a bowtie. Now the entire Bullpen looks over.
96) 9) text: With the flair of a showman, Donnie pops the fish in his mouth, swallowing it whole. The Brokers cheer wildly. Donnie jumps down, gets in the face of the Broker in a bowtie:
100) 4) dialog: We know who you are!
100) 27) text: Before Jordan is even finished, the Brokers GO BERSERK, some already dialing their phones.
103) 0) text: Total sales frenzy. The CAMERA PANS the 300 Brokers, who work the phones like mad.
103) 3) text: We continue PANNING the frenzied Brokers...
112) 0) text: Jordan stands before the Bullpen talking to his Brokers.
186) 0) text: Wearing a suit and tie, Jordan walks in to the bullpen, where the Brokers spot him, giving him a standing ovation. He forces a smile, waves to the crowd. As Robbie and Chester Ming look on, Jordan forces a smile as he approaches Donnie, who gives him a hug.