0) 0) text: Absolute bedlam. 300 drunken STOCKBROKERS, most in their early 20s, chant wildly as JORDAN BELFORT, handsome, 30, stands beside a DWARF dressed in tights, cape &amp; helme
0) 1) dialog: Twenty five grand to the first cocksucker to nail a bullseye!
0) 4) dialog: Watch and learn, people!
0) 5) text: The Brokers go apeshit as Jordan grabs the Dwarf by his pants and collar. In the Crowd, cash flies as side bets are made. Jordan winds up, aims for the "dartboard".
0) 6) dialog: One.   Two.      Throw!!
0) 8) dialog: My name is Jordan Belfort. No, not                      * him, me. I'm a former member of                         * the middle class raised by two accountants in a tiny apartment in Bayside, Queens.
0) 11) dialog: The year I turned 26, I made 49 million dollars as the head of my own brokerage firm--
1) 1) dialog: --which really pissed me off because it was three shy of a million a week.
1) 3) dialog: Hey, my Ferrari was white, like Don Johnson's in Miami Vice.
1) 4) text: We see the same Ferrari, now in WHITE, as it zooms away, a BLONDE head bobbing up and down in Jordan's lap.
2) 2) dialog: See that humongous estate down there? That's my house.
3) 1) dialog: My wife, Naomi, the Duchess of Bay Ridge, Brooklyn, a former model and Miller Lite girl.
3) 3) dialog: Yeah, she was the one blowing me in the Ferrari, so put your dick back in your pants.
3) 6) dialog: In addition to Naomi and my two perfect kids, I own a mansion, private jet, six cars, three horses, two vacation homes and a 170 foot yacht.
4) 0) text: Sweaty, wild-eyed and naked, Jordan fucks an HISPANIC HOOKER from behind.
4) 1) dialog: I also gamble like a degenerate, drink like a fish, fuck hookers maybe five times a week and have three different Federal agencies looking to indict me.
4) 3) dialog: Oh yeah, and I love drugs.
5) 0) text: Jordan, drooling and stoned out of his skull, wears a rumpled custom-made business suit as he mans a set of controls next to his frantic co-pilot, CAPTAIN DAVE.
5) 2) dialog: Check this out -- despite my completely fucked-up state, I could fly straight while still seeing two of everything. He closes one eye; his POV sharpens. Putting pressure on the stick, the helicopter descends slowly over the driving range... then LURCHES and SLAMS to the ground.
5) 3) dialog: (to Captain Dave)
6) 0) text: Morning. Sober now, impeccable in suit and tie, Jordan heads for the door holding a glass of orange juice.
6) 1) dialog: Yes, on a daily basis I take enough drugs to sedate greater Long Island.
7) 1) dialog: I take Quaaludes for my back, fifteen to twenty a day.
7) 3) dialog: I use Xanax to stay focused, ambien to sleep, pot to mellow out, cocaine to wake up and morphine because it's awesome.
8) 0) text: The limo pulls up to the black glass office building. Jordan gets out, heads inside through a back door.
8) 1) dialog: But of all the drugs under God's blue heaven, there's one that's my absolute favorite.
9) 0) text: Gadgets, computers, oxblood leather furniture. With the DIN of the brokerage firm bleeding in, Jordan uses a credit card to cut a line of coke on his desk. As he peels a crisp $100 DOLLAR BILL off a wad, rolls it up:
9) 1) dialog: Enough of this shit'll make you invincible, able to conquer the world and eviscerate your enemies. He SNARFS up the line, gestures to the cocaine.
9) 2) dialog: I'm not talking about this. I'm talking about this. (Jordan unfurls the $100 with a SNAP)
9) 4) dialog: Money doesn't just buy you a better life -- better food, better cars, better pussy -- it also makes you a better person. You can give generously to the church of your choice or the political party. You can save the fucking spotted owl with money.
10) 0) text: Arms akimbo, Jordan stands above the bullpen, a huge open space with tightly packed rows of maple colored desks.
10) 1) dialog: But most of all, in any country in the world, money can buy you love. Fuck the Beatles. His 300 BROKERS, mostly young men with their jackets off, scream wildly. They worship him.
10) 2) dialog: With that in mind, at the tender age of 22, after marrying my girlfriend Teresa--
11) 1) dialog: --I headed to the only place that befit my high-minded ambitions... Jordan emerges, kisses TERESA goodbye, then joins a sea of Commuters heading to work.
12) 0) text: Computers, telephones everywhere. At their desks, 45 shirt-sleeved BROKERS read their Wall St. Journals, readying for war. Like an eager puppy, Jordan follows broker JERRY FOGEL, 30, thick-lipped and bow-tied...
12) 2) text: Jordan?
12) 3) dialog: Nope.   No problem at all.
12) 7) dialog: A million dollars? I could only imagine what a douchebag that guy must be. A manicured hand lands on Jordan's shoulder. It's MARK HANNA, 30s, charismatic, movie-star handsome.
12) 11) dialog: Had to do something to stand out.
12) 13) dialog: Great.   Yeah.
12) 19) dialog: You want to know what money sounds like? Visit a trading floor on Wall Street. Fuck this, shit that. Cock, cunt, asshole. I couldn't believe how these guys talked to each other-- Fogel notices Jordan sitting there frozen.        He cove mouthpiece, kicks the desk violently.
12) 21) dialog: I was hooked within seconds. Mark Hanna slams down his phone in victory, scrawls out a "buy" ticket. He places the ticket into a glass cylinder which he slips into a plastic pneumatic tube.
12) 22) dialog: It was like mainlining adrenaline. The tube is WHOOSHED into the ceiling and we're suddenly-
13) 0) text: CLOSE ON a COKE SPOON whose contents disappear up a nostril. PULL BACK TO REVEAL... The lunchtime power spot with panoramic views of the city. At a corner table, a paranoid Jordan looks around as Hanna does another bump of coke. None of the other DINERS seem to notice or care.
13) 3) dialog: No.   Thanks though. Hanna slips the vial into his pocket as HECTOR, the tuxedoed Maitre'D, approaches.
13) 7) dialog: Actually, I'm good with 7-Up. Jordan might as well have farted at the table.
13) 10) dialog: You can get high during the day and still function?
13) 13) dialog: I gotta say, I'm really excited about being part of your team. I wanna do all I can for our clients and --
13) 15) dialog: Wife.   She cuts hair. Mark swallows a comment about that.      Gets to business
13) 17) dialog: Well... sure.
13) 20) dialog: For the next six months I learned the ways of Wall Street.
14) 0) text: As STRIPPERS grind in b.g, Jordan parties with Mark Hanna and dozens of BROKERS and TRAINEES. Jordan sips a martini and studies Mark Hanna, hitting on a STRIPPER.
14) 1) dialog: That fall I passed my Series 7. Finally it was here.
15) 0) text: Briefcase in hand, Jordan boards the elevator with a dozen other BROKERS.
15) 1) dialog: My first day as a stockbroker, a future Master of the Universe. And as the doors close, on screen WE SEE: OCTOBER 19th, 1987
16) 0) text: Total chaos. Jordan dials the phone as all around him Brokers panic, screaming into headsets.
16) 1) dialog: They called it Black Monday. By four p.m. the market was down 508 points, the biggest one-day drop since the crash of `29. 4 p.m. The closing bell RINGS; the entire place goes silent. Brokers look at each other, stunned.
16) 4) dialog: L.F. Rothschild, a company that had been in business since 1883, closed its doors within a month. 25   INT. JORDAN &amp; TERESA'S APARTMENT - KITCHEN - DAY Jordan sits at the table perusing the Times classifieds. Teresa approaches with two coffees. Sits next to him.
16) 6) dialog: You work too much as it is.
16) 8) dialog: We're not pawning anything. I'm gonna be a millionaire, Teresa.
16) 10) dialog: (points to an ad)
16) 13) dialog: No one's hiring brokers right now, sweetie. They go back to the ads.     After a few beats, she point
17) 0) text: In a suit, Jordan emerges from an `85 Datsun. He looks around confused, heads toward an unmarked storefront.
18) 0) text: The antithesis of L.F. Rothschild, with cheap furniture and a dozen misfit "BROKERS" giving loud, obnoxious sales pitches. Jordan enters, a modern man among cave people. DWAYNE, slovenly, 35, with a walrus mustache, looks up.
18) 1) dialog: I'm looking for Investor's Center?
18) 3) dialog: (as they shake hands)
18) 4) text: Jordan Belfort, I called earlier. I was a broker with Rothschild. Dwayne motions Jordan to a seat. Nearby, a Broker in ratty Keds, TOBY WELCH, is screaming into his phone.
18) 6) dialog: Where are your quotrons?
18) 10) dialog: Six cents a share? Who buys this crap?
18) 13) dialog: The spread on these is huge.
18) 15) dialog: Wait a second. You're telling me if I sell two thousand dollars worth of stock, my commission is a thousand bucks?
19) 0) text: As others Brokers bark into phones, Jordan sits, phone cradled in his shoulder, making notes. A few beats, then:
19) 1) dialog: (into phone)
19) 2) text: Mr. Fleming, good morning, Jordan Belfort with Investor's Center in New York City. You recently responded to one of our ads... A few of the other Brokers glance over, eavesdropping.
19) 3) dialog: The reason I'm calling is that an extremely exciting investment opportunity crossed my desk today. Typically our firm recommends no more than five stocks per year: this is one of them... A few more Brokers look over...
19) 4) dialog: Aerotyne International is a cutting edge tech firm out of the Midwest, awaiting imminent patent approval on a new generation of radar equipment... LATER.   Now all the Brokers listen in rapt attention.
19) 6) dialog: -- so if Aerotyne's shares rise to only a dollar -- and our research indicates they could go much, much higher -- your profit on a mere three thousand dollar investment would be upwards of fifty thousand... That's right, you could pay off your mortgage. Seconds tick by; an eternity, then he starts writing:
19) 7) dialog: Four thousand dollars, will that be check or money order?... Thank you, sir. Jordan hangs up, scrawls out a "buy" ticket.
19) 8) dialog: Just like that I made two grand. The other guys looked at me like I'd just discovered fire. Toby Welch and the other cave-Brokers stare at him.
20) 0) text: Jordan sits at his desk in mid-pitch, totally focused.
20) 1) dialog: It's a rock-solid company, sir, it's the next Microsoft... Six thousand. Terrific. As Jordan continues talking, wrapping up the sale...
20) 2) dialog: Though I knew I was selling garbage, within twelve weeks I was making a fortune. And as he starts scrawling out a buy ticket...
20) 3) dialog: And as a wise man once told me, my only responsibility was to put meat on the table. CLOSE ON a 1988 Jaguar, parked outside a diner...
21) 0) text: Wearing a suit, Jordan sits in a booth reading the Wall Street Journal as a WAITRESS serves the food. DONNIE AZOFF, preppy-looking, 25, with horn-rims and bright white teeth approaches from the takeout counter.
21) 2) dialog: Yeah.
21) 4) dialog: Jordan Belfort.
21) 7) dialog: Stock broker.
21) 9) dialog: Seventy grand last month.
21) 11) dialog: Seventy two actually. Donnie studies him, isn't sure if he's full of shit.
21) 16) dialog: And he did quit his job, which I thought was a little weird. I mean I had just met this fucking guy. A few beats, then into phone:
21) 18) dialog: There were other things about him too, like his phosphorescent white teeth and the fact that he wore horn rims with clear lenses to look more Waspy. He also married his first cousin --
22) 0) text: Jordan sits in mid-conversation with Donnie over beers.
22) 2) dialog: He was also a closet drug fiend. I'd known him less than a week before he talked me into smoking crack.
23) 0) text: Jordan and Donnie get high. Donnie holds a flame under a crack pipe.
23) 2) dialog: The weird thing was when he'd do crack, his face would contort into this bizarre, frozen mask like the Phantom of the Opera. Donnie does a hit of crack; his jaw twitches, then his facial muscles contort, locking up like a stroke victim. After a few beats, he hands the pipe to Jordan.
23) 4) dialog: Omigod, I fuckin' love you!!
23) 5) dialog: I knew I had to make him my partner.
24) 0) text: Jordan looks on as Donnie works the phone like a madman.
24) 1) dialog: Which turned out to be a great move - Donnie was a fast learner who transitioned into the penny stock business quickly.
25) 0) text: Jordan and Donnie pull up to a defunct auto body shop, which has a "For Lease" sign in the window.
25) 1) dialog: So within months we started our own firm out of an abandoned auto body shop.
26) 0) text: Jordan sits with CHESTER MING, ROBBIE FEINBERG, ALDEN KUPFERBERG ("SEA OTTER") and BRAD, muscular and bald, with a Fu Manchu mustache.
26) 1) dialog: In addition to Donnie, I also recruited my friends Sea Otter,                        * Chester and Robbie, who were at                        * the time all middling pot dealers.
26) 3) dialog: --see everyone wants to get rich, so you're already half way there by the time the call starts.
27) 2) dialog: Brad, the guy I really wanted, took a pass, since he'd become the Quaalude king of Bayside.
28) 2) dialog: They were absolute morons, my friends, but like I always said--
29) 1) text: Jordan emerges from his office into the garage area (the bullpen), looking on as Donnie, Chester, Robbie, Sea Otter and four other BROKERS (now including RUGRAT and Toby) make sales calls from the cheap desks.
29) 2) dialog: Give me them young, hungry and stupid and in no time I'll make them rich.
30) 0) text: On lounge chairs at the edge of a dock, bottle of wine nearby, Jordan sits with Teresa. He smiles as she opens a jewelry case -- inside is a diamond tennis bracelet.
30) 2) dialog: You like it?
30) 4) dialog: They're small, I know, but the stones are really high quality.
30) 6) dialog: Then what? They sit in silence.       Finally:
30) 8) dialog: In five years the Corleone family will be completely legitimate.
30) 11) dialog: It's not illegal, Teresa, technically. I mean they're real stocks, they're just...
30) 14) dialog: Rich people don't buy penny stocks.
30) 16) dialog: Because they're too smart, that's why not.
31) 0) text: CLOSE ON Jordan, brow furrowing as his wheels turn.
31) 1) dialog: I mean what person of any substance would trust this bunch of jerk-offs? Like the Pinhead,                      * Robbie Feinberg.
31) 4) dialog: Toby Welch. I mean, look at this                     * fucking Cro-Magnon, I wouldn't                       * trust him to pick up a rock.                         * (ALT)
31) 5) dialog: Toby Welch. I mean, look at this                     * fucking Cro-Magnon, he couldn't                      * even think without moving his                        * lips.                                                *
31) 8) dialog: Or the Sea Otter.
31) 10) dialog: Chester Ming even, the Depraved Chinaman, with his giant panda head.
31) 12) dialog: Or Nicky Koskoff, who I called Rugrat because--
31) 14) dialog: Well, you can probably figure that out for yourself.
32) 1) text: The camera PUSHES IN on Jordan as he stands before a large dry erase board.
32) 2) dialog: But what if they didn't sound like jerk-offs? What if I took this bunch of nincompoops and molded them in my own image? I reinvented the company, gave it a new image, a new name. Something patrician, blue-blooded, something that reeked of tradition and anti- semitism. And as his Brokers settle in to folding chairs--
32) 3) dialog: Gentlemen, welcome to Stratton Oakmont.   The clients we've gone after in the past -- they're done. We will now target exclusively the wealthiest one percent of Americans. The methods we've used -- over. Loud, obnoxious sales hype is worthless with these people.
32) 5) dialog: In military terms it's like carpet- bombing -- noisy, menacing and only marginally effective. As Stratton brokers you will be laser- guided smart-bombs aimed at high- priority targets. You will establish an initial relationship with your clients selling only blue chip stocks -- then and only then will you attempt to sell the pink sheets, where the real money is. Now the key to every sale is this: Jordan writes the word "URGENCY" on the board.
32) 6) dialog: No one buys stock unless he thinks it's going up and going up now. You must convince your client to buy before the takeover happens, before the lawsuit is settled, before the patent is granted. If he says I'll think about it and call you back, it's over, you're dead! No one calls back! So you have to create urgency --
33) 0) text: Another day. With Stratton Oakmont signage visible in the b.g., Jordan is on speakerphone with a potential CLIENT, the other Brokers listening in.
33) 1) dialog: --and once Kodak settles the lawsuit, institutions will be permitted to buy their shares in large blocks again. And when that happens, which is any day now, what do you think will happen to the price of Kodak stock?
33) 3) dialog: Exactly. Which is why you should pick up 5000 shares today, a $200,000 investment.
34) 0) text: Jordan stands addressing his Brokers.
34) 2) dialog: Then you lower your voice.
35) 0) text: Jordan pitches the client, his voice lowered.
35) 1) dialog: Believe me, sir, you will not be sorry.
36) 0) text: Jordan stands before the Brokers.
36) 1) dialog: Then you wait. Whoever speaks first loses. At this point, where are we in the sale? Chester?
36) 3) dialog: No, you sweet and sour douchebag! We're at the beginning of the beginning! This is where the sale starts. You as a salesman are almost hoping he says no so you can finally do your fucking job!
37) 0) text: Jordan sits at the phone, waiting for a response.
38) 0) text: Jordan stands before the Brokers.
38) 1) dialog: He doesn't know, he needs to think, he's gotta ask his wife! The fact is it doesn't matter what the fuck he says! If he's already agreed that the stock's going up, then the only real objection he has at this point is he doesn't trust you! And he shouldn't trust you, you're a fucking salesman! So what do you say?
43) 22) dialog: Your only regret will be that I didn't call you six months ago.
44) 0) text: 4PM the place goes nuts as Jordan emerges from his office holding a spread sheet. He addresses the crowd of 100 BROKERS, which now includes a dozen WOMEN.
44) 1) dialog: Everybody have a good week? Applause; war whoops.
44) 3) dialog: I'd like to read you something. (reads spread sheet)
44) 5) dialog: And to celebrate with a weekly act of debauchery, I have offered our lovely sales assistant Danielle Harrison ten thousand dollars to                    * have her head shaved! Jordan motions to DANIELLE HARRISON, 19, pretty, sitting in a chair nearby. Behind her, Rugrat uses clippers to shave her thick brown mane. The place goes nuts.
44) 6) dialog: FYI, Danielle tells me she's using the money for breast implants! Is this a great company or what?!! More wild applause as Jordan signals across the bullpen to Donnie. We hear the opening strains of "Stars &amp; Stripes Forever" as he opens the door to a
44) 8) dialog: Word spread throughout Wall Street -- I was becoming a legend. Forbes Magazine even called to do a profile on me...
45) 1) text: Jordan finishes up an interview with a FEMALE FORBES REPORTER - ALIYAH FARRAN. They shake hands, then he smiles for the camera - CLICK!
45) 2) dialog: A total fucking hatchet job.
46) 1) text: A gorgeous place; city views. As Teresa sits nearby, a distraught Jordan paces, holding the copy of Forbes.
46) 2) dialog: That conniving little twat! (reading)
46) 6) dialog: "Jordan Belfort, a twisted version of Robin Hood who takes from the rich and gives to himself and his merry band of brokers".
47) 0) text: Bustling with activity. Jordan enters, crosses toward his office. Off to the side of the bullpen, he notices three dozen YOUNG MEN in business suits. He approaches his assistant JANET, 20s, dressed all in black.
47) 1) dialog: The hell's all this?
47) 5) dialog: Forbes had made me a superstar. Every day dozens of money-crazed kids beat a path to my door with resumes they hadn't even bothered to spellcheck. Jordan crosses through the packed bullpen, where 150 BROKERS, no older than 22, are crammed elbow to elbow talking into phones. Some have pets, which they tend to while they work -- iguanas, snakes, turtles, even a chimp. Others are getting shoulder rubs by Masseuses or being fitted for suits by a TAILOR. Over the above:
47) 6) dialog: If we hired `em, they dropped out of college overnight and blew whatever allowance they had on a new suit from our in-house tailor. The median age of our brokerage couldn't get served in the bar down the street.
48) 1) dialog: Not this guy though -- what the fuck is he even doing here? He read the Forbes article, too, but he already had a job.
49) 1) dialog: Within months, we doubled in size, moved to even bigger offices. Two other Brokers pump themselves up, chest-bumping and screaming like football players.
49) 2) dialog: It was a madhouse, a greed-fest, with equal parts cocaine, testosterone and body fluids.
50) 1) dialog: I had to declare the office a fuck- free zone between the hours of 9 and 7, but even that didn't help. Taped to the mirror we see a MEMO -- inside a red circle, two anatomically correct stick figures fuck doggy-style, a red line slashing through them.
50) 2) dialog: Actually the madness started on our very first day, when one of our brokers, Ben Jenner, christened the elevator by getting a blowjob from a sales assistant.
51) 1) dialog: Her name was Pam and   to her credit, she did have   an amazing technique, with this   wild twist and jerk motion.
52) 1) text: As Pam blows Jordan, Donnie fucks her from behind.
52) 2) dialog: Eventually Ben married her, which was pretty amazing considering she blew every guy in the office.
52) 4) dialog: He got depressed and killed himself three years later.
52) 7) dialog: Anyway, in an attempt to maintain order, I hired my dad Max as defacto CFO and head of the Gestapo.
53) 1) dialog: We called him Mad Max because of his hair-trigger temper, which could be set off by something as innocuous as a ringing telephone. The phone RINGS.
53) 3) dialog: But then the weirdest thing would happen. Though he'd never been near England, he'd pick up the phone and affect an ever-so-slight British accent. Greatly agitated, Max stomps toward the phone.
53) 4) dialog: This was his other persona -- the super polite, ever-gracious Sir Max.
53) 7) dialog: It was absolutely bizarre. He'd hang up...
53) 11) dialog: And become Mad Max all over again. Max curses a blue streak as he stomps back to his chair.
54) 1) text: Holding a HEADSHOT of the Dwarf from the opening, Jordan sits talking with Donnie, Robbie and Rugrat.
54) 2) dialog: What if he gets hurt?
54) 5) dialog: I think there's a limit to how far                  * we can go... I mean we can throw                    * shit at him and -                                   *
54) 7) dialog: There's a specific thing that                       * they'll do - You can throw him at                   * a dart board but if you want him                    * to show his cock or -                               *
54) 15) dialog: Get some tranq darts.
54) 17) dialog: What's the liability on something                   * like this?
54) 20) dialog: Treat it like the fuckin' thing it                  * is. He's coming in. We're paying                    * him for something. Treat him with                   * respect. And you just shake his                     * hand like you don't even think                      * anything's wrong.                                   *
54) 27) dialog: The point is get it out.                            *
54) 29) dialog: You're gonna fuck it up. Purge all                  * this shit right now.                                *
54) 31) dialog: When he comes in the room, I want                   * him to feel like a human being -                    *
54) 33) dialog: I want him to feel just like a                      * normal human being. Cause you know                  * - like one of us. One of us.                        *
54) 35) dialog: Gobble, gobble we accept you, one                   * of us! One of us!                                   *
54) 38) dialog: Can you stop him?
54) 42) dialog: Hello, Father.                                      * (Max's expression doesn't budge)
54) 49) dialog: Will you calm down --
54) 54) dialog: Donnie ordered sides.
54) 58) dialog: (restraining a grin)
54) 63) dialog: In Stratton parlance, there were three kinds of hookers. There were blue chips, the top of the line. Model material. They were priced between $300 and $500 and made you wear a condom unless you gave them a hefty tip, which I always did.
54) 66) dialog: Then came NASDAQs, who were pretty, but not great, usually in the two to three hundred dollar range.
54) 70) dialog: Finally there were pink sheets, skanks, the bottom of the barrel.
54) 73) dialog: They usually cost a hundred or less, and if you didn't wear a condom, you'd get a penicillin shot the next day and pray your dick didn't fall off.
54) 76) dialog: Not that we didn't fuck them, too. Believe me, we did. Behind him, the other guys wait their turns.
54) 78) dialog: Give us a minute, will you, guys? He closes the door, then stretches a bit, exaggeratedly, letting out a little moan.
54) 80) dialog: Nothing, just... My back's been killing me. Pain shooting down my leg. Not to worry, it'll pass.
54) 82) dialog: Doctors, what do they know? I'm on like twenty different medications. (re: the Amex bill)
54) 87) dialog: In order to keep these guys                          * working, I gotta keep `em                            * spending. I need to keep them                        * chasing the dream. You flash some                    * cash, they do the same. It keeps                     * them motivated.                                      *
54) 89) dialog: I could afford to pay them more,                     * but then they wouldn't need me as                    * much. And as long as they need me                    * they'll always fear me. I know it                    * sounds crazy.                                        *
54) 91) dialog: It was obscene -- in the normal world. But who wanted to live there?
55) 0) text: Massive, with an Olympic-size pool overlooking the beach. Dozens of luxury cars parked outside. On a balcony, Jordan is mid-speech, in a bathing suit, addressing the Strattonites below, Teresa at his side.
55) 1) dialog: -- so enjoy yourselves, you all deserve a celebration. `Cept for Kimmie, she's lazy and she steals.                   * (off laughter, Kimmie                           * flips him the bird; he blows her a kiss)
55) 4) dialog: As my friend Donnie Azoff says, "If you wanna party with the boys, you gotta wake up with the men." Monday morning I want you all looking razor-sharp. Cuz Stratton's got a few things on the horizon, things that're gonna take it right up into the fucking stratosphere! The Crowd goes nuts. One Broker lets loose a wolf-howl, and the crowd toasts Jordan, chanting his name.
55) 6) dialog: Fuck Merrill Lynch, this way we become the underwriters.
56) 0) text: GORGEOUS PEOPLE dance/drink/snort coke. Upstairs, Jordan plays pool with Sea Otter, Donnie, Robbie, Toby and Rugrat, assigning ludes with every pocketed ball.
56) 1) dialog: Exactly. We do our own IPO's and we will print money.
56) 3) dialog: They can take their Harvard asses under our desks and suck our cocks. (to Rugrat)
56) 7) dialog: It's a simple fucking question.
56) 13) dialog: What?
56) 16) dialog: The quaalude was first synthesized in 1951 by an Indian doctor -- that's dot Indian, not feathers -- as a sedative, and was prescribed to stressed housewives with sleep disorders. Pretty soon someone figured out that if you resisted the urge to sleep for fifteen minutes, you got a pretty kick-ass high from it. Didn't take long for people to start abusing ludes, `course, and in 1982 the U.S. Government Schedule One'd them, along with the rest of the world. Which meant there was only a finite amount of these things left. No shit, you can't even find `em anymore today. You people're all shit outta luck.
56) 18) dialog: (to Donnie)
56) 28) dialog: Naomi.
56) 31) dialog: You like it? I just got it. I guess it's okay. Six bedrooms, two hot-tubs, one off the master suite overlooking the water. You like to jet-ski? Naomi's date Blair offers his hand to break them apart. Toby Welch lurks behind him, giving him the evil-eye.
56) 33) dialog: You're telling me you've never jet- ski'ed in your life?!
56) 36) dialog: What?    You just got here.   Stay. Naomi looks like she'd like to.     Hildy approaches, introduces herself, then:
56) 38) dialog: With what?
56) 43) dialog: The day I met Naomi was the day I truly became the Wolf. Every guy wanted her -- so I had to have her. -- Jordan watches her go. Naomi shoots a glance back to him and, like that, he's hooked.
57) 0) text: Romantic; elegant. Over a bottle of `53 Lafite, Jordan sits in mid conversation with Naomi, who is stunning in a low-cut black cocktail dress.
57) 1) dialog: Bay Ridge.      That's near Staten Island?
57) 3) dialog: You're Italian?
57) 5) dialog: That explains it then.
57) 7) dialog: (smiles)
57) 12) dialog: How come?
57) 14) dialog: Married people can't have friends? Naomi smiles. The Waiter brings the straw. She opens it, slips it in her red wine glass. Off Jordan's look:
58) 0) text: Jordan's Ferrari makes its way over the bridge, heading back toward Brooklyn.
59) 0) text: Jordan drives, Naomi next to him.
59) 2) dialog: She designs panties?! Jesus fucking Christ! Naomi smiles.
59) 3) dialog: Sounds like something I might invest in. Venture capital.
59) 6) dialog: Absolutely. He pulls over outside her brownstone.
59) 8) dialog: Think, Jordan, think! How can you get up to her apartment?! They look at each other.     We can almost hear Jordan's heart pounding.
60) 0) text: A small, cozy apartment. Naomi enters, Jordan close behind. She picks up Rocky, her yapping Maltese.
60) 3) dialog: God, please help me. How can I fuck this girl? As he crouches by the fireplace, his skypager vibrates. He checks the readout: "Teresa". His face falls as he hits the "silent" button, mind racing with guilt.
60) 4) dialog: That's it, you're leaving. You're going home to your wife. Jordan stands, turns around -- NAOMI is in the doorway, naked except for high heels.
60) 5) dialog: As you can probably guess, I fucked her goddamn brains out.
61) 0) text: Rocky yaps incessantly as Jordan pounds away atop Naomi.
61) 1) dialog: For eleven seconds. Jordan cums loudly, convulsively.
61) 2) dialog: I'm sorry, I--
61) 4) dialog: (nods; gasping)
61) 5) text: Yeah, but I'm still hard. Jordan looks down at her.
61) 6) dialog: Being inside her... was like your cock went to heaven and God himself was cupping your balls. And as they start fucking again...
62) 1) text: Jordan sits at his desk, telephone to his ear.
62) 2) dialog: I couldn't get enough.
63) 1) dialog: Every chance we got, we'd sneak off together...
64) 0) text: Giggling like a child, Jordan pours coke from a vial, creating a little mound atop one of Naomi's breasts.
64) 1) dialog: Hold still, don't move. (to the Driver)
65) 3) dialog: I thought you were at the beach house, I--
65) 5) dialog: Teresa... I don't know what to say.
65) 7) dialog: I'm not. I'm sorry.        I made a mistake, okay?
65) 9) dialog: 
65) 12) text: Jordan? Jordan says nothing.       Finally, Teresa starts sobbing
65) 13) dialog: I felt horrible. Jordan holds her, letting her cry.
65) 15) dialog: Three days later I filed for divorce and moved Naomi into the apartment.
66) 1) text: Completely remodelled, all new furniture.   Jordan and Naomi sit at the table, set for a candle-light dinner.
66) 2) dialog: Say what you will, but the Duchess did have style. She brought in a decorator, feng shui'd the place-- she even hired a gay butler. NICHOLAS THE BUTLER, 40s, enters with hot towels on a silver tray.
66) 3) dialog: Thank you, Nicholas. Jordan takes a towel, wipes his face.      Naomi smiles.
66) 4) dialog: He was smart, sophisticated, really great. Except for that one time...
68) 0) text: Jordan sits across from a very shaken Naomi.
68) 2) dialog: Where were they? In the bedroom?
68) 6) dialog: The motherfucker stole fifty grand in cash and jewelry.
69) 1) text: With Nicholas seated in a chair, Jordan sits across from him. Pacing behind him is Donnie, coked-up, face contorted, frothing with rage. Nearby, giant Chester Ming sits quietly, saying nothing.
69) 2) dialog: I just want my stuff back, okay?
69) 5) text: I should kill you, cocksucker! You do not fuck with this man! Jordan holds Donnie off.    Turns back to Nicholas.
69) 6) dialog: You were high, things got out of control, I get it. Believe me I do, I have a Phd in debauchery.
69) 9) dialog: Just give me the money, give me the jewelry, and we'll forget the whole thing.
69) 12) dialog: Nicholas. You could fuck a baby sheep as far as I care, on my brand new fucking sofa. What I won't stand for is being robbed.
69) 14) dialog: I'll ask you one last time.
69) 17) dialog: Fine. Jordan nods to Chester. Without a word, he crosses to Nicholas and BAMMM!! Nicholas's nose splits open like a ripe plum, blood spurting everywhere. Tough-guy Donnie takes one look, then SPEWS vomit into a garbage pail. And as Chester pummels Nicholas's face into chopped meat...
69) 18) dialog: It's amazing the kind of loyalty money will buy. I mean Chester almost killed this prick. Chester starts to hang Nicholas over the balcony by his legs. Jordan stops him.
69) 19) dialog: I finally called the cops, mainly to save Nicholas's life.
70) 0) text: With the bloodied Nicholas in the background, Jordan talks to two NYPD COPS, handing them each a wad of cash.
70) 1) dialog: I gave them each a thousand bucks and told them what Nicholas had done. Then they kicked his ass. As the Cops swat Nicholas with their nightsticks:
70) 4) dialog: Loyalty, like I said. Which was the key component to my incredible fucking success.
70) 6) dialog: Besides Brad, I had eight other `ratholes', close friends who'd own stock on paper, but kick the profits back to me after I drove the price through the roof. They hug, then Jordan adds the gym bag to several others on the back of his golf cart. Donnie tries to befriend Brad; Brad isn't interested.
70) 7) dialog: The SEC knew I was doing something shady, but they couldn't figure out what the fuck it was.
71) 0) text: Jordan, Max and securities lawyer MANNY RISKIN exit the kitchen with coffees.
71) 2) dialog: My securities attorney, Manny Riskin. Seven hundred an hour to                    * be the voice of doom.
71) 4) dialog: It's under control. Will you relax already?
71) 7) dialog: The SEC sent two lawyers down to review our files, so I set them up in our conference room. Jordan passes the conference room, looks in the window-- two SEC ATTORNEYS wear coats as they review documents.
71) 8) dialog: Then I had it bugged and the air conditioning locked till it felt like Antarctica in there. One of the SEC Attorneys blows into his hands for warmth. Manny follows Jordan toward the bullpen, his frenzied Brokers working the phones.
71) 9) dialog: So here they were, looking for a smoking gun while I was firing a bazooka right under their noses. It was our first IPO, and we were driving the stock price to the fucking moon.
71) 13) dialog: See an IPO is an initial public offering, the first time a stock is offered for sale to the general population.
71) 15) dialog: As the firm taking the company public, we set the initial price, then sold those shares back to --                   * (stops; then) You know what, you're probably not                  * following what I'm saying. The                      * question is, "was it legal?"                        * Absolutely not. But we were making                  * more money that we knew what to do                  * with.                                               *
73) 0) text: Alone in a private room, Jordan unloads a small suitcase filled with stacks and stacks of hundred dollar bills.
73) 1) dialog: But I figured it out.                               *
74) 0) text: Jordan is down on one knee, proposing; Naomi hyperventilates as he puts the ring on her finger -- a seven carat, yellow canary diamond in a platinum setting.
74) 1) dialog: I held my bachelor party at the Tangiers in Las Vegas -- one last                   * blowout for the Gods before I settled down for good.
75) 1) dialog: A hundred Strattonites flew in with fifty hookers and enough drugs to open a pharmacy.
75) 3) dialog: All told, the weekend cost me almost two million dollars--
76) 0) text: The Tangiers Presidential Suite is a shambles on the level of Hiroshima. A giant crystal chandelier lays shattered on the floor; Jordan asleep in the massive bed, a Blue Chip Hooker on either side of him; other passed- out BODIES lay amid debris and broken, toppled furniture.
76) 1) dialog: But the wedding was like something out of a fairy tale--
77) 0) text: Gorgeous; tropical. Hundreds of FAMILY and FRIENDS (Janet, Toby Welch, Peter DeBlasio and Kimmie Belzer) look on as Jordan and Naomi walk up the aisle.
77) 1) dialog: --with Naomi my Duchess, me her handsome Duke and The Bahamas Ocean Club our castle.
78) 0) text: Jordan and Naomi waltz, their Guests joining in.
78) 1) dialog: Of course after that bachelor party, the Duke needed a few penicillin shots so he could safely consummate the marriage.
79) 0) text: As Jordan and Naomi mingle with a few Strattonites, videographer BARRY KLEINMAN, 40s, approaches Rugrat and his DATE, ABBY with a video camera:
79) 7) dialog: It's so nice to see you again. As he leans in to hug her, Aunt Emma spots some white powder on the edge of Jordan's nostril. Deftly, she wipes it off, smiling.
79) 9) dialog: Oh, I'm--- uh... Aunt Emma leans in to his ear.
80) 0) text: With Naomi wearing a blindfold, Jordan leads her to the end of a long dock, expensive yachts moored everywhere.
80) 1) dialog: Careful now.     You ready? Jordan removes her blindfold -- there, towering above the others, is a stunning, 120 foot yacht.
80) 4) dialog: Your wedding present.       Check out the name.
80) 6) dialog: For three weeks we sailed the Naomi through the Caribbean--
81) 1) dialog: --eventually taking her home to Long Island, where we'd bought a house.
82) 0) text: The Naomi sails the calm waters, Jordan and Naomi popping ludes, sunbathing blissfully on the deck.
82) 1) dialog: Seven acres on the Gold Coast of Long Island--
83) 1) dialog: --the most expensive real estate in the world, with maids, cooks, landscapers, you name it.
83) 3) dialog: We even had two guards who worked in shifts, both named Rocco.
84) 0) text: Amid billowing piles of white Chinese silk, Jordan sleeps on his back, snoring blissfully.
84) 1) dialog: It   was heaven on earth. On screen WE SEE:
84) 4) dialog: The fuck are you doing?!
84) 6) dialog: What?!
84) 8) dialog: What?    No!    Naomi! And as Naomi storms off for a re-fill...
85) 0) text: Jordan lies on the ground, hands tied with a lit candle up his ass.
85) 1) dialog: Venice, where are you?                                * VENICE, A Blue Chip Hooker, enters, pulls out a candle and straddles him. She drips wax on his back and pulls his hair.
86) 3) dialog: I can explain everything.
86) 5) dialog: No, really. Donnie and me, we're investing in a condo development in Venice.
86) 7) dialog: California, baby.
86) 9) dialog: Duchess, come on.
86) 11) dialog: Fuck. Naomi!    Why are you so mad?
87) 0) text: Jordan crash-lands the helicopter on the driving range. He exits, gives Captain Dave a salute, fights his way through the bushes, then stumbles toward the house and falls into the pool, stoned out of his skull. Security floodlights come on and the alarm sounds.
88) 2) dialog: You're an aspiring landscape architect?! But what happened to wine connoisseur? Oh wait, that was last month!
88) 5) text: And don't think that impresses me much. Jordan looks down: he has a morning erection.
88) 6) dialog: I wasn't flexing my arms. You're just lucky to have a husband who's in such great shape. Now get over here and kiss me!
88) 8) dialog: Where the fuck were you last night?
88) 9) dialog: My morning ritual. First I'd get up and fight with Naomi about whatever I did the night before.
89) 0) text: Jordan stands in the steaming shower.
89) 1) dialog: Next it was a steam so I could sweat out whatever drugs were still in my system.
90) 0) text: Jordan looks at himself in the mirror.      His eyes are bloodshot - he looks like shit.
90) 1) dialog: After that I'd assess the damage.
90) 2) text: Jordan looks at a Visine bottle - "Recommended Dosage - Two Drops". He squirts six drops in each eye.
90) 3) dialog: What kind of maniac abuses eye drops?
91) 0) text: Fully dressed and standing amid hundreds of suits, Jordan pops two white pills, swigs some juice.
91) 1) dialog: Then I'd get dressed, take my "back pills" to get me started, then attempt to make up with her.
92) 0) text: Jordan enters the tiny pink wonderland. On the fluffy pink carpet is Naomi, now in a minidress hiked above her hips, Manolo Blahniks showing polished red toes. Between her legs sits SKYLAR, their 5-month-old daughter.
92) 1) dialog: Hey, Skylar.
92) 3) text: Jordan kisses the baby, picks her up.
92) 5) dialog: (playing along) Does Daddy get to kiss both his girls?
92) 7) dialog: C'mon, Nay, please. You know how sorry I am. I swear I--
92) 10) dialog: C'mon, why are you doing this? I said I'm sorry.
92) 13) dialog: I wouldn't do that if I were you Mommy. I think Mommy should hear a story before she decides to please herself like that. Can Daddy tell Mommy a story? (off her nod)
92) 16) dialog: Now because he was very security- conscious, the Daddy hired two full-time guards, big hairy men both named Rocco, and they installed security cameras all around the house. And one of those cameras is right over Daddy's shoulder. Naomi's eyes widen -- she look toward a Teddy Bear on a shelf. WE SEE that one of the eyes is a pinhole camera.
92) 17) dialog: So smile, Mommy! You're on Candid Camera!
94) 3) dialog: The good thing about living with a world-class ballbreaker is they make all the other ballbreakers in your life a little easier to take.
95) 1) text: Donnie stands talking with Jordan's assistant, Janet. Jordan approaches under a head of steam.
95) 3) dialog: (a quick hug; then)
95) 6) dialog: Good.   Cuz we have a problem. He indicates out to the Bullpen.      Donnie and Janet lo
95) 9) dialog: He's got nothing better to do on the day of the biggest IPO in this firm's history?! Jordan watches as Donnie marches toward the Broker in a bowtie...
96) 11) text: Bowtie is stunned. And as Donnie storms off, we PUSH IN on Jordan, watching from across the room.
97) 1) text: Jordan finishes a phone call as Donnie enters with STEVE MADDEN, 30s, dressed in wrinkled navy blazer, cargo pants and T-shirt, a baseball cap over his scraggly, thinning hair. Jordan smiles, crosses to greet him.
97) 2) dialog: The Cobbler.    Ready to get rich?
97) 5) dialog: Steve Madden, the shoe designer, was a childhood friend of Donnie's, but I didn't hold that against him. Remember those ads, those giant-headed girls with bug eyes wearing those big clunky shoes?
97) 8) dialog: He came to me a few years earlier when he was just starting out, so I became a silent partner in his company, buying an 85% stake for only a million bucks.
98) 1) dialog: The company blew up and we were now taking it public. It was the biggest deal we'd ever done and the hottest IPO on Wall Street.
99) 1) text: Jordan and Donnie sit with Steve Madden in mid- conversation.
99) 3) dialog: You gotta get `em fired up so they'll push the shit out of this stock.
100) 0) text: Bustling with activity. With Jordan and Donnie looking on from nearby, Steve Madden approaches a microphone on the raised platform, in his hands several shoe boxes.
100) 17) dialog: All right, let's hear it for Steve Madden and the wonderful Mary Lou! Huge applause, with stomping feet; howling, etc.
100) 18) dialog: Okay, now that you got that out of your system, I want you to know why Steve is so completely off the fucking wall... It's because this man is a creative genius. Steve's power, his gift -- is that he creates trends. Artists like Steve come along once a century! Elvis! Andy Warhol!    Giorgio Armani! Who knows how high this stock could go? The 20s? The 50s? The 80s? Applause; war whoops.      Jordan motions for quiet.
100) 19) dialog: I want everybody to look down. See that little black box in front of you? It's called a telephone. Now I'm gonna let you in on a little secret about this telephone -- it won't dial itself! That's right -- until you take some action, it's nothing more than a worthless hunk of plastic, like a loaded M16 without a trained Marine to pull the trigger. And in the case of the telephone, it's the action of you, a highly trained Strattonite, a killer who will not take no for an answer!   A person who will not hang up the phone until his client either buys or fucking dies! The Brokers go crazy.      Jordan looks around.
100) 20) dialog: I don't care if you graduated from Harvard or Bumfuck University or never got past fourth fucking grade! That phone is the great equalizer! (pause; looks around) There is no nobility in poverty. I've been rich, and I've been poor and I choose rich every time.
100) 22) dialog: At least as a rich man, when I have to face my problems, I show up in the back of a limo wearing a $2000 suit and $40,000 gold watch! Jordan takes off his GOLD WATCH, flings it to the Crowd. Brokers go nuts, fighting over it like a home-run ball.
100) 23) dialog: And if anyone here thinks I'm crazy, get the fuck out and get a job at McDonald's, because that's where you fucking belong! But before you depart this room full of winners, I want you to take a good look at the person next to you, because one day in the not-so- distant future, you'll be sitting at a red light in your beat-up old Pinto, and that person's gonna pull up in a brand new Porsche, with their gorgeous young wife at their side. And who will you be next to? Some ugly beast with three days of razor-stubble in a sleeveless moo-moo, crammed in next to you with a carload of groceries from the fucking Price Club! He scans the Brokers; they're on the edge of their seats.
100) 24) dialog: So you listen to me and listen carefully. Are you behind on your credit card bills? Good. Pick up the phone and start dialing. Is your landlord threatening to evict you? Good. Pick up the phone and start dialing. Does your girlfriend think you're a fucking loser? Pick up the phone and start fucking dialing! I want you to deal with your problems by becoming rich! I want you to go out and spend money! Leverage yourself, back yourself into a corner, let the consequences of failure become so fucking unthinkable that you'll have no choice but to do whatever it takes to win! The Brokers go absolutely APESHIT.
100) 26) dialog: You have an obligation here, people! To your clients! To this firm! An obligation to yourself, godammit! You ram Steve Madden stock down your clients' throats and make them choke on it till they buy 20,000 shares! Be aggressive! Be ferocious! Be telephone fucking terrorists!!
100) 27) text: Before Jordan is even finished, the Brokers GO BERSERK, some already dialing their phones.
100) 28) dialog: At 1 p.m. we opened the stock for sale at $4.50 a share. By 1:03 it was over eighteen dollars.
102) 0) text: -- where pinned up on one wall is a massive chart on Stratton's operations: pictures of Jordan, Donnie and others, a hierarchy, a history, an investigation...
103) 2) dialog: Of course I couldn't have done this without help. I'd leaked the word on Wall Street that Stratton was a buyer up until twenty. So not only were we pushing Madden, all the big firms were too.
103) 5) dialog: As long as they knew I'd buy the shares back at the top of the market, they'd drive the price up as high as I fucking wanted.
104) 0) text: Donnie pours champagne nearby, oblivious to Jordan, who sits at his desk, speaking directly to camera:
104) 1) dialog: Of the two million shares being offered for sale, a million belonged to me, held in phony accounts by my ratholes. Once the price hit the high teens, I-- Jordan abruptly stops.     A beat, then:
104) 2) dialog: Like I said before, who gives a shit? As always, the point is this-- BACK TO SCENE -- Donnie hands Jordan a glass of Dom.
104) 4) dialog: Janet, baby.    Drink.
104) 6) dialog: Who?
104) 8) dialog: Barry?
105) 2) text: On Jordan.    Uh-oh.
105) 3) dialog: The F-B-fucking-I?
106) 2) dialog: What's his problem?
108) 0) text: The East Harlem institution. Jordan sits across a table over pasta with private investigator BO DIETL, 40s.
108) 1) dialog: But my goddamn wedding video?
108) 3) dialog: (that's laughable) What? He wants me to rat on myself?
108) 6) dialog: Can you bug him or something, tap his phone?
108) 8) dialog: Maybe I should call him, see what he wants.
108) 10) text: Jordan nods, wheels turning, pretending to do as told.
109) 1) dialog: Patrick? Hey! C'mon aboard!
109) 2) text: They look up. On the yacht Naomi, Jordan stands waving, drinking wine with two Blue Chip HOOKERS in bikinis.
109) 3) dialog: Plank's right down there.
109) 7) dialog: Heya! This is Nicole and, um...Heidi. Girls, Patrick and...?
109) 9) dialog: It did. I do. (off Denham's stare) Oh, they're just friends. (to the girls) Give us a minute, okay? The Hookers head below deck. Jordan shoots Denham a wink- check out that ass!
109) 10) dialog: Can I get a glass? Got wine open or any kinda booze. Shrimp and lobster're over there if you're hungry.
109) 12) dialog: I have something for you, I just gotta find it. Have a seat, will ya? Ever been on one of these before? As Jordan rifles through some papers, Denham's eyes scan the deck, casually cataloguing everything.
109) 14) dialog: I mean, one like this. Just had her extended to put a chopper on the back. Jordan points out the Bell-Jet helicopter.
109) 18) dialog: Names and addresses of every guest at my wedding. Friends, clients. I even threw in the seating chart. Heard that's why you wanted the video, figured this'd expedite whatever it is you're doing. (Denham looks: it's indeed a guest list from the wedding) I wanted to show you I've got nothing to hide. I know you're investigating Stratton but for the life of me I can't figure out why. Sure, my company is unorthodox; what brokerage isn't? Maybe we're a little louder than most but we don't do anything illegal. Talk to the SEC, they'll tell you, they checked us out up and down.
109) 20) dialog: That's what I'm saying. You guys take on real crime. Which is why I'm so curious: what do you think we did? The reason Jordan asked him here, Denham realizes.
109) 22) dialog: I understand.
109) 24) dialog: You know who you should be looking at? Goldman, Lehman Brothers, Merrill.
109) 26) dialog: What those guys're up to with collateralized debt obligations? This internet stock bullshit? C'mon. If you want, I'll walk you through exactly --
109) 28) dialog: -- sure, get you back to the real criminals --
109) 30) dialog: You sure you don't want anything to drink? Water for your pal? (Denham demurs) Rumor is your started out in finance. Even got your broker's license before you joined the bureau.
109) 32) dialog: (searches his memory) Jeez, who was it...? (comes up short) Ever regret it? Giving up the money-crazed, pin-striped life? Ever think where you'd be if you'd stuck with it?
109) 34) dialog: Whattaya pull in working at the bureau, if you don't mind me asking. 50-60K a year?
109) 37) dialog: S'crazy, the world we live in, the jobs with real value, the ones we should appreciate -- firefighters, teachers, FBI agents -- those are the ones we pay the least.
109) 39) dialog: That's one thing I like about what I do, the opportunity to make that right. Take this kid we had interning last year. Didn't want to be a broker, wanted to be an environmental scientist or something, he had a student loan debts up to his eyeballs. Anyway, his mom gets sick, all they can afford is third-rate care. Some of us got together, made an investment on his behalf and -- boom -- overnight everything changes, she's seeing the best doctors in the country. Sadly, didn't work out, she passed but still: having the power to do that makes all the other bullshit worth while. (as Denham considers that)
109) 42) dialog: North of half a million. Denham summons Agent Hughes over. To Jordan:
109) 45) dialog: What? I was making conversation.
109) 47) dialog: ...no, no, no...
109) 49) dialog: ...no, to constitute a bribe, don't I have to make an explicit offer of money for services? With an exact dollar figure attached? All I said was "north" of half a million. According to the U.S. Criminal Code, that dog won't hunt, Pat. (then) Heard you were a straight arrow. That you wouldn't bend the rules other agents might. He was right.
109) 51) dialog: Figured you were looking into me, was only fair. Plus you sail on a yacht fit for a Bond villain, sometimes you gotta act the part.
109) 53) dialog: -- those are friends --
109) 55) dialog: Thanks for coming down. Now get off my boat.
109) 60) text: You know, this is about the nicest boat I've ever been on. Just think what a hero I'll be in the office when the bureau seizes it. Jordan watches him go, temper flaring: he can't let Denham get the final word. He calls after them:
109) 61) dialog: Hey, Denham! I'm gonna eat a claw of lobster now as I get my cock sucked by Heidi down below. You have a super ride home on the subway thinking about that!                          * As he watches them pull away, seething --
109) 62) dialog: He was a numbers guy, a follow-the- fucking-money'er. He wasn't gonna come at me through my guys, looking for a weak link and a quick kill. He was gonna come at me like an accountant would, the way Ness got Capone, through my books. Which meant? It was ass- covering time.
110) 0) text: As Naomi looks on, 5 months pregnant, Jordan packs a suitcase.
110) 2) dialog: Swiss cheese, Naomi, what do you fucking think?
111) 1) text: Jordan sits talking with Rugrat and Donnie.
111) 3) dialog: Rugrat set up a meeting with a Swiss Banker he knew from law school who could launder our money, but it wasn't till noon the next day. Jordan glances at his watch, washes down a few ludes.
111) 4) dialog: I knew if I timed my lude intake right, I'd sleep through the entire overnight flight.
112) 0) text: Jordan stands before the Bullpen talking to his Brokers.
112) 1) dialog: At four p.m. I popped a few ludes, which started kicking in by the time I finished our sales meeting. This was the tingle phase.
113) 0) text: Over dinner, a visibly high Jordan ravenously digs into his food as Donnie and four Blue Chip Hookers look on.
113) 1) dialog: By dinner I popped a few more on top of some cocktails and an valium or two. The slur phase.
114) 0) text: On the crowded dance floor, Jordan gets knocked around like a marionette, saliva strung from his mouth.
114) 1) dialog: By eight thirty I'd done a few more and pretty much lost my motor skills. This was the drool phase.
115) 0) text: Jordan is barely conscious as a Hooker rides him.
115) 1) dialog: And by ten I didn't know who or what I was doing -- the amnesia phase. We boarded the plane just before midnight.
116) 0) text: Jordan boards, slurring, drooling, completely wasted.
116) 1) dialog: (to a Stewardess)
117) 0) text: Quiet; morning sunlight bleeds through the window. Jordan's eyes flicker open. He yawns, looks around, tries to get up; he can't move. He looks down, sees six seat belts restraining his arms and legs. Jordan looks over at Donnie, mouth agape, asleep next to him.
117) 1) dialog: Donnie.   Donnie, wake up.
117) 3) dialog: Untie me, shitbag. You think this is funny?
117) 5) dialog: Why?
117) 7) dialog: This was fucking great. I hadn't laundered a dime yet and already I was under arrest.
118) 0) text: A pensive Jordan sits, mind racing.
118) 1) dialog: Worse yet was the plastic baggie of ludes that Donnie'd stuffed up his ass.
118) 3) dialog: But before he could even get a hemorrhoid--
119) 2) dialog: --the whole thing was quashed by                    * our friend the Swiss banker. Which                  * was lucky for me, since so far I'd                  * been able to keep Agent Fuckface                    * unaware of the trip.                                *
119) 3) text: Another CUSTOMS OFFICER enters, whispers something to the others. They shake Jordan's hand and he leaves.
120) 0) text: A limo pulls up at an office building.      Jordan emerge with Rugrat and Donnie.
121) 3) dialog: Nice to make your acquaintance. This is some lobby you got.
122) 0) text: Jordan, Rugrat and Donnie drink coffee with Saurel and one other SWISS BANKER. It's an impressive office, with an enormous fish tank.
122) 3) dialog: I'm curious about your bank secrecy laws.
122) 6) dialog: Under what circumstances would you be obligated to cooperate with an FBI or U.S. Justice Department investigation?
122) 8) dialog: Ca depend?      Ca depend on what?
122) 12) dialog: What I'm asking, you Swiss dick, is are you going to fuck me over.
122) 15) dialog: Unless it was an investigation into stock fraud -- which is a crime in Switzerland. Then you'd have to cooperate.
122) 18) dialog: Was that yodeling I just heard or did you just say what I thought you said?
122) 20) dialog: He was telling me to use a rathole. Problem was: sneaking a U.S. rathole into Switzerland was a chance I couldn't take. What I needed was somebody with a European passport.
123) 2) dialog: (big smile, sweating)
124) 0) text: Amid towering trees and horse trails, a noticeably twitchy Jordan walks arm-in-arm with Aunt Emma.
124) 2) dialog: I'd like us to go to Switzerland tomorrow so you can open an account. I'll fund it, and I'll pay you really well for your trouble.
124) 5) dialog: Next month maybe you can fly to New York and we can start moving the cash.
124) 7) dialog: It is, and it's illegal too. Of course if you ever got in trouble, I'd come forward in two seconds, say I duped you, but even still.
124) 9) dialog: I like that attitude. Promise me                      * you'll spend at least ten thousand pounds per month out of the account, okay?
124) 11) dialog: But I bet you don't have everything you want. How about a bigger apartment so your grandkids can sleep over? Aunt Emma notices that Jordan is sweating, fidgety. jonesing.
124) 13) dialog: Sure, that'd be great. They sit on a nearby bench.     After a while:
124) 16) dialog: It's that obvious, huh?
124) 18) dialog: I'm a drug addict, Emma. Coke,                        * pills, you name it, whatever you                      * got. Sex addict too.                                  *
124) 20) dialog: (chuckles; then) Why did I just tell you that?                         *
124) 22) dialog: As a matter of fact you are. My                       * job, you know, it's tough. I mean                     * I'm not complaining, it's just the stress. All these people depending                    * on me. Millions of dollars at                         * stake every day. I sometimes feel                     * I've bitten off more than I can                       * chew.                                                 *
124) 24) dialog: Is she fucking hitting on me?
124) 25) dialog: I agree. I put it on myself. It's                     * hard to control the anxiety, you                      * know? It's hard to learn to relax.                    *
124) 27) dialog: She is hitting on me! Holy shit! Jordan leans in closer, casually slips an arm around her.
124) 29) dialog: Exactly, to release the tension.                    * Sometimes you gotta learn to do                     * what comes natural in life, huh?                    *
125) 1) text: Jordan fucks Naomi.    There's a curious thunk-thunk-thun
125) 2) dialog: When I got home, I realized there was no way Aunt Emma could smuggle that much cash by herself. I racked my brain for another person with a foreign passport.
125) 3) text: The bed's covered with bundles of cash. Every thrust of Jordan's, another bundle plummets to the floor -- thunk.
126) 1) text: With $20 mil in CASH on the bed, Jordan and a stoned Donnie watch as Brad tapes stacks of cash to his wife CHANTALLE, a bombshell in panties, bra and sneakers.
126) 5) dialog: As a successful drug dealer, Brad spent his winters in the South of France, which is where he met his wife Chantalle, a stripper of Slovenian origin but born in, of all places, Switzerland.
127) 1) text: Chantalle is completely taped up, a cash-covered mummy. Jordan looks on with Brad, Donnie and now Naomi. 90% of the cash is still on the bed.
127) 2) dialog: Well, this is fucked.
127) 5) dialog: How much'll they want for it?
127) 13) dialog: What's wrong?
127) 15) dialog: Donnie?   He's just high is all.
127) 17) dialog: Jesus. I thought he was your best customer.
127) 19) dialog: Can you just do one trip for him? Brad stews.   It's asking a lot.
127) 26) dialog: The next day, Aunt Emma flew to Geneva, two million in cash in her carry-on.
128) 1) dialog: Which in the big picture was a drop in the Swiss bucket --
128) 3) dialog: -- because the following month, over the course of six round- trips, Chantalle and her family smuggled in over twenty million without even a hiccup.
132) 4) dialog: You fucking serious?! CLOSE ON -- a Lemmon 714 Quaalude; pure white, with trademark ridged edges.
132) 5) dialog: The Lemmon 714 was the Holy Grail of Quaaludes, outlawed since the `80s and three times as powerful as anything available today. For a Quaalude addict, it was like finding a 1952 Chateau Margaux. CLOSE ON -- Donnie gauging Jordan's excitement, waiting for the right moment to admit his fuck-up.
133) 1) text: In his underwear, Jordan kneels over the toilet, sticking his fingers down his throat to make himself vomit.
133) 2) dialog: That night I cleared my schedule and rid my body of anything that could fuck with my high. It was celebration time. He takes a box off the counter marked "Active Enema". He squats and administers it...
134) 0) text: Massive, with a wet bar, media center and full gym. Giddy as kids on Christmas, Jordan and Donnie sit on the couch, the bottle of Lemmons before them.
134) 1) dialog: Start with one, see how it goes?
135) 0) text: Bored, Jordan and Donnie sit on the couch watching "Family Matters" on TV.
135) 1) dialog: You feeling anything?
135) 4) dialog: Maybe we've built up a tolerance all these years? Donnie shrugs; they pop another, wash it down with sake'.
136) 0) text: With Jordan running on the treadmill, Donnie pumps away on an exercise bike nearby. They're both sweating.
136) 2) dialog: They're old, maybe they lost their potency. Donnie leans over, picks up the bottle.         Reads the
136) 6) dialog: Nothing.   Working out.
136) 8) text: Bo Dietl's on the phone. Naomi heads back upstairs.    Jordan picks up the phone.
136) 9) dialog: Bo, hey, what's up?
137) 3) dialog: Why, what's--
138) 0) text: Jordan pulls his Lamborghini out of the driveway.
138) 1) dialog: The Brookville Country Club was a WASP stronghold, a straight shot down the road from my house.
139) 0) text: Jordan pulls up, exits the car in sweats, flip-flops and a T-shirt. He hustles up a staircase into...
140) 0) text: Jordan stands at a pay phone, receiver to his ear. WE HEAR it ringing, then:
140) 3) dialog: Yeah, I'm at a pay phone.       What's going on?
141) 2) dialog: Oh, Jesus Christ! What did he do?
141) 4) dialog: Donnie, that piece of shit. I'm gonna kill him! That fat prick mother fucker!
141) 6) dialog: Fuck!
141) 8) dialog: What? No!       I didn't try to bribe anybody!
141) 10) dialog: I zay I zint ty zoo bibe azybuzzy!
141) 13) dialog: After fifteen years in storage, the Lemmons had developed a delayed fuse.
141) 14) text: JORDAN'S POV -- is hazy as he stares at his own reflection in the pay phone.
141) 15) dialog: It took 90 minutes for the little fuckers to kick in, but once they did -- pow! I had skipped the tingle phase and went straight to the drool phase.
141) 16) text: JORDAN'S POV -- the phone gets further and further away.
141) 17) dialog: Actually I'd discovered a new phase: the cerebral palsy phase.
141) 18) text: BAMMM!! Jordan hits the floor with a thud, crashed out on his back. From the dangling phone, we hear:
141) 20) text: Jordan lolls his head toward the phone, tries to reach for it; he can't. He lays there for a while, then:
141) 21) dialog: C'mon, stand up!
141) 23) dialog: Okay, walking is off the list of options. All right, what else is there? (a brainstorm) I can crawl, like Skylar!
141) 24) text: Slowly, Jordan begins crawling like an infant to the top of the staircase.
142) 1) dialog: Fuck!   The kid makes it look so easy! An icy wind blows through his T-shirt.
142) 2) dialog: Think, you motherfucker, think! (a few beats; then)
142) 3) text: Wait, I've got it! Jordan slowly curls himself into a ball.
142) 4) dialog: I can roll! Forcing himself over the edge, Jordan begins to descend the steps, one at a time. Thump. Thump. Then faster. Thump- Thump-Thump. Faster still. He loses control, takes all the steps at once. Thump-Thump-Thump-Thump- Thump-Thump. He lands with a crash on the asphalt, drags himself up and into the Lamborghini.
143) 0) text: Ignition on, Jordan sits hunched over, chin resting on the steering wheel. Just then, the car phone RINGS. With great effort, he pushes the speaker phone button:
143) 1) dialog: ...ello?
143) 3) dialog: Whazz a marra?
143) 5) dialog: Whaa?!!    No!!
143) 8) dialog: They say God protects drunks and babies. I was praying the same held true for drug addicts.
144) 0) text: Peering over the wheel like an old lady, Jordan slowly maneuvers the Lamborghini down the dark road.
144) 1) dialog: I was less than a mile from home and drove slower than shit.
145) 0) text: Jordan pulls up in the Lamborghini, shuts the ignition.
145) 1) dialog: Somehow I made it alive, not a scratch on me or the car.
146) 0) text: CLOSE ON the TV, where a POPEYE cartoon is playing. PULL BACK to reveal Skylar watching. As Jordan staggers in, Naomi approaches...
146) 1) dialog: Where Zonnie?!
147) 0) text: Phone to his ear and at least as stoned as Jordan, Donnie stands at the counter.
149) 1) text: With Naomi looking on, Jordan staggers toward Donnie like a drunk Frankenstein.
149) 2) dialog: Ge ozza zone!     Ge ozza iz!!
149) 4) dialog: GE OZZA ZONE!!
149) 5) text: With all the strength he can muster, Jordan RIPS the phone from the wall, throwing it skittering across the floor with a CLANG.
149) 8) text: Skylar looks on from the next room, crying as Jordan tries to shake some sense into Donnie. Naomi crosses to Skylar and rushes her out of the room.
149) 9) dialog: Zee vone!! He nah zuppose zoo dalk on zee vone!!
149) 11) dialog: ZE NAH ZUPPOSE ZOO DALK ON ZEE VONE!! WUZZ AAZZEN TOZAY WIZ ZOD?!
149) 14) dialog: 
149) 21) dialog: This stupid sonovabitch! All Donnie ever did was fuck me up and now I had to save his life `cause I took a CPR class when the baby was learning to swim. Just for the record, I want it noted: not for a second did I even think about letting him choke to death, even though it would've saved me an awful lot of headaches. Donnie still isn't breathing. Jordan flips him over, tries the Heimlich -- we hear a CRUNCH as he breaks Donnie's ribs. He flips him back over, but he's almost completely blue.
149) 23) dialog: He won't come back!
149) 25) text: One last try. Jordan takes a massive breath, blowing as hard as he can into Donnie's lungs. Donnie's stomach distends like a balloon, then suddenly a chunk of ham projects from his mouth and into Jordan's face. Donnie coughs, vomiting. And as he starts breathing again, Jordan exits and passes out on the living room couch.
150) 1) text: Jordan opens his eyes. Through his HAZY POV, we see Violet, the maid standing over him with two OLD BROOKVILLE POLICE OFFICERS as Naomi attends to Donnie in the background.
150) 2) dialog: Yes?
151) 0) text: Jordan exits the house with the Police Officers.        T Lamborghini is TOTALLED, an absolute wreck.
151) 1) dialog: Wow. Maybe I hadn't made it home okay.
152) 0) text: FLASHBACK. Nodding out, Jordan drives the Lamborghini like a maniac, careening off parked cars and trees.
152) 1) dialog: It was an absolute miracle I wasn't killed, and an even bigger miracle I hadn't killed anyone.
153) 2) dialog: But they couldn't arrest me, the cops had no proof I'd been behind the wheel. Meanwhile, Brad did a                     * few months in jail for contempt                      * because he wouldn't rat Donnie out. They never found his gun, though, so they finally had to let him go.
154) 0) text: Jordan watches an INSTRUCTOR lead Skylar on a pony. Nearby Naomi holds newborn PARKER. Manny Riskin and Max stand beside Jordan.
154) 2) dialog: I don't believe in luck.
154) 4) text: Skylar waves from the pony and Jordan waves back.
154) 5) dialog: What kind of terms?
154) 7) dialog: And Stratton?    What happens there?
154) 10) text: Jordan digests that.
154) 13) text: As Jordan looks at his picture-perfect family, WE HEAR THE ROAR OF A CROWD...
155) 1) text: The troops ROAR as Jordan takes center stage.
155) 2) dialog: I'm sure many of you have been hearing rumors lately, about me, about the future of this firm, and that's what I'd like to talk to you about today. (a few beats, then) Five years ago when I started Stratton with Donnie Azoff, I knew the day would eventually come when I'd be moving on. It's truly with a heavy heart that I tell you that day is here.
155) 3) text: The place erupts in a chorus of "No!", "Don't go!", etc. Jordan raises his hand for quiet.
155) 4) dialog: Thank you for that and for your years of incredible loyalty and admiration.
155) 6) dialog: The point is though, that under Donnie's leadership, along with Robbie Feinberg and Nicky Koskoff moving into key management positions, this place is gonna be better than ever! A smattering of applause. Jordan notices a few Brokers gravely shaking their heads.
155) 7) dialog: And the fact that I'm gone won't stop me from giving Donnie advice, not that he needs any--
155) 9) dialog: Before I go, there's something I want to remind you all, and that's this -- Stratton Oakmont is bigger than any one person, even me. Especially me. You guys are Stratton, each and every one of you, and that is why it's sure to remain the best brokerage firm in the fucking world! Thunderous applause spreads through the boardroom, all 300 Brokers on their feet. WE PUSH IN on Jordan.
155) 10) dialog: See, the very idea of Stratton is that when you come here and step into this bullpen for the first time, you start your life anew. You have a place here and no one can take that away from you! Stratton Oakmont is America! Give me your tired and poor! The very moment you walk through that door and pledge your loyalty to this firm, you become part of a family, you become a Strattonite! It doesn't matter who you are, it doesn't matter where you're from! Whether your family came over on the Mayflower or on a fucking inner tube from Haiti!
155) 12) dialog: Everybody here knows Kimmie Belzer, right? Hoots and hollers...      He raises his hand for quiet.
155) 13) dialog: In case any of you weren't aware of it, Kimmie was one of Stratton's first brokers, one of the original twenty. Now when most of you met Kimmie, you met her the way she is today -- a beautiful woman who drives a brand new Mercedes, a woman who lives in the finest condo complex on Long Island. A woman who wears $3000 Armani suits, who spends her winters in the Bahamas and her summers in the Hamptons! Wild applause.
155) 14) dialog: But that's not the Kimmie I met. The Kimmie I met was broke, a single mom on the balls of her ass. Three months behind on her rent with an eight year old son! She came to me for a job and when I hired her she asked for a $5000 dollar advance so she could pay his tuition. And what did I do, Kimmie?
155) 16) dialog: Because I believed in you, like I believe in each and every one of you!
155) 19) dialog: You know for years I've been telling you guys not to take no for an answer, to keep pushing, to not hang up the phone till you get what you want. This deal I'm about to sign, barring me from the securities industry, barring me from Stratton, my home... What the fuck is that? I'll tell you what it is, it's me being a hypocrite. It's me taking no for an answer, it's them selling me, not the other way around! Fuck it, I'm not leaving!
155) 20) text: Jordan smiles, thrusts his hands in the air --
155) 21) dialog: THE SHOW GOES ON!!
155) 22) text: The place goes absolutely INSANE. And as Donnie and Max trade looks, TECHNO MUSIC BLASTS taking us to... 202Ea   EXT. YACHT NAOMI - AFT DECK - DAY (SPRING `96) It's celebration time. DOZENS of Strattonites party, drinking/dancing/snorting, Jordan at the center of it.
155) 23) dialog: Of course, the troops weren't the                    * only ones who were thrilled.                         *
156) 2) dialog: I apologized to Brad and promised                    * him he'd never have to deal with                     * Donnie again. Even offered to pay                    * him for his time in the can. But                     * he said no, he was out. Sad thing                    * was, he was dead two years later.                    * Massive heart attack while sitting                   * on the john.                                         *
157) 1) text: Janet enters Jordan's office, leaves a stack of legal papers on his desk.
157) 2) dialog: Within days, subpoenas started flying. They were burying me in paper --
157) 4) dialog: -- notices to produce documents, depositions. Donnie couldn't drink water fast enough.
158) 2) dialog: They interrogated everybody, it went on for months. It was total fucking harassment...
158) 5) dialog: ... but not a single Strattonite cracked. Donnie and I were given strict instructions not to leave the country...
159) 1) dialog: ...so we took our wives to Italy.                     * Each of us had a couple of million                    * we needed to deposit anyway --                        *
159) 4) dialog: -- this seemed the most civilized way to transport it overseas.
159) 5) text: ON ANOTHER BAG, this one brimming with bottles of pills, bags of pot, vials of coke. Jordan and Donnie cut up lines as a HOSTESS serves Bloody Marys.
159) 7) dialog: I have a rare condition that requires me to drink one of these every fifteen minutes. If you could set your egg timer, I'd appreciate it.
159) 8) text: She goes. The blow is ready for inhaling. Jordan and Donnie are doing a "you first, no, you first" routine with a rolled up $100 when a CELL rings. Donnie grabs it.
161) 5) dialog: What?! (Grabs Donnie's phone)                       * Rugrat, what the fuck?                              *
161) 7) dialog: (Hands Donnie his phone) Call the                   * sonovabitch! Hold on a second.                      * BACK AT STRATTON...
161) 10) dialog: Your fucking friend is trying to fuck me. And you know where he's trying to fuck me? Up the ass. (back to Rugrat) I need some time to think.                          * Jordan thinks, snorts a line to think better.
161) 11) dialog: Even though I owned 85% of Steve- Cocksucker-Madden-fucking-Shoes, the shares were in his fucking name. Motherfucker knew I was in trouble with the Feds and was trying to take advantage. He gets back on the phone with Rugrat.
161) 12) dialog: Tell all the brokers to sell.                       * Drive the price down. Steve will                    * go cockless when he watches me                      * turn his company into a penny                       * stock.                                              * (he hangs up) Sonovacunt! (yelling below deck) Captain Ted!! Start `er up, we gotta go home!                                      * The sight of Naomi and Hildy returning from their trip ashore stops him. Because Naomi's weeping, Hildy consoling her.
161) 13) dialog: What the fuck?! What happened?
161) 16) text: Off Jordan's reaction as Naomi weeps and laments the dearly departed: "she was so young, so healthy" etc. --
161) 17) dialog: Fucking heart attack. Boom-snap, she was gone. Shuffled off her mortal coil and twenty million dollars in a Swiss bank account.
162) 4) dialog: (no time for it) Thanks but where does this leave us in regard to her account? It goes into probate or what?
162) 6) dialog: She did?!
162) 8) text: And as they continue talking, Jordan pulls out a nautical map of the Italian coastline:
162) 9) dialog: I gotta say, these Swiss were sneaky motherfuckers. Within minutes he made arrangements to set me up with a forger, the best document specialist in Geneva.
162) 11) dialog: Thing was: I had to get there in three business days to co-sign on the account. Jordan goes rapid-fire.     He yells:
162) 12) dialog: Captain Ted! Change of plan!                         * We're going to Monaco.                               *
162) 14) dialog: Yes, babe. We're going to Monaco                     * so then we can go to Switzerland.                    *
162) 16) dialog: I realize that but we have to go                     * to Switzerland.                                      *
162) 18) dialog: (way ahead of him) -- keep calling, when the fuck picks up, set a meet with him in three business days.                                 *
162) 20) dialog: Why?!
162) 22) dialog: Honey, I loved your Aunt Emma more                   * than anyone in the world, but                        * she's still gonna be dead in two                     * days. She's not going anywhere.                      * Captain Ted Beecham emerges from below.
162) 23) dialog: Captain Ted, we've gotta get to                      * Monaco.
162) 26) dialog: Then we drive to Switzerland so                      * they don't stamp our passports.                      * Take care of business. Drive back                    * to Monaco, fly to London for the                     * funeral, fly back to New York to                     * be there in three business days -                    * That's the fuckin' plan.                             *
162) 28) dialog: The boat's 170 feet long.      She can               * handle a little chop.                                *
162) 31) dialog: Is it safe?                                          *
162) 33) dialog: We can do it?                                        *
162) 35) dialog: Well, that's fine.                                   *
162) 37) dialog: A few broken dishes. Isn't that                      * great? Let's go to Monaco -                          * Jordan, Captain Ted and Donnie rush down stairs. As the ENGINE starts...
163) 1) dialog: Well talk about your shitty vacations... Six Jet Skis plummet off the deck into the raging sea.
164) 0) text: Donnie and Naomi stand on the bridge where Captain Ted Beecham holds the ship's wheel with both hands, the radio blaring in the background. Jordan enters.
164) 1) dialog: What the fuck is going on?                           *
164) 5) dialog: Can't you turn us around?!
164) 9) dialog: I'm a master diver. We will not                      * drown, I promise you. I got you,                     * baby.                                                * (realizing she's                               * probably right; to Donnie)
164) 13) dialog: Get the fucking ludes!                               *
164) 15) dialog: I can't die fucking sober!
166) 4) dialog: What's happening?!                                   *
166) 6) text: Jordan grabs Naomi. All at once the boat dips down at an impossibly steep angle, until it's pointing almost straight down. Captain Ted jams the throttle and the boat jerks forward, rising up the face of a giant rogue wave, which curls over the top of the bridge and... KABOOM! -- Blackness. Slowly, painfully, the boat pops up from beneath the water, its helicopter RIPPING from the deck and crashing into the sea.
167) 1) text: Off to the side, Jordan watches as Naomi, their Friends, and the yacht's Crew Members dance to blaring techno music. A small group of Italian SAILORS cheer them on.
167) 2) dialog: The nice thing about getting rescued by Italians is that the first thing they do is feed you and make you drink red wine. Then they make you dance. Jordan watches as the dancing continues, then casually glances out a porthole, where WE SEE the distant lights of a PLANE making its way across the night sky. After a few beats, the plane EXPLODES, a tiny flash of light.
167) 3) dialog: Did you see that? That was the plane I sent for to come get us. I shit you not, it exploded when a seagull flew into the engine, three people killed. You want a sign from God, well after all this I finally got the message. I had to make some fucking changes.
168) 0) text: Jordan, looking healthier than we've seen him thus far, sits on the couch; stacks of paperwork on the coffee table. After a few beats, Naomi enters from the kitchen.
168) 2) dialog: I gotta finish these balance sheets, babe.
168) 5) text: Naomi exits. Jordan goes back to work. Looks up at TV. Watches for a bit.
168) 6) dialog: What's the single most important                       * skill in life you can ever master?                     *
168) 9) dialog: At the essence of every personal interaction, of every business transaction, of every effective human communication is PERSUASION... once you learn to control the linguistic encounter, you will be SHOCKED at what will happen... you are a person worth listening to, and taking it one step higher than that, you are someone who can help them achieve their goals...
168) 10) text: 215B   JORDAN ON THE GROUNDS OF HIS ESTATE, addressing us
168) 11) dialog: Do you dream of being financially independent but struggle every month just to pay your bills? Would you like to own a home like                      * this one someday but can barely afford to pay your rent?
168) 14) dialog: The first action you have to take is to DECIDE to be wealthy. When I was 24 years old, I made a DECISION not to just survive but to THRIVE. I started my own stock brokerage firm, developing a                          * SYSTEM OF SELLING that within a year made me a multi-millionaire.
168) 15) text: 215C-G   A SNAPSHOT OF JORDAN'S CHILDHOOD HOME, then OF H CURRENT ESTATE, FOLLOWED BY EXAMPLES OF WEALTH: his sportscars, Naomi in a bikini, stock footage of a jet...
168) 16) dialog: From these humble middle-class beginnings, I now live here...with my beautiful wife and kids...living the lifestyle of our dreams...
168) 17) text: 215H     THE SEMINAR.   Jordan high-fives attendees.
168) 18) dialog: Now I'm passing along the secrets to my success in my 90-minute free seminar, "Jordan Belfort's Straight Line Persuasion."
168) 21) text: 215K     JORDAN, on a yacht with NAOMI and some MODELS.
168) 23) dialog: There's nobody stopping you from                      * making millions. There is nobody                      * holding you back from financial                       * freedom.                                              * (to Naomi)                                       * Thank You Sweet Heart.                                * (back to camera)                                 * Don't just sit at home or the life                    * of your dreams will sail right                        * past you.                                             *
168) 28) dialog: I've changed all these people's lives and I can change yours, too!
168) 29) text: It touches down and Jordan jumps out to address us --
168) 30) dialog: So come to my seminar!! The life of your dreams is only a decision away --
169) 0) text: CLOSE ON JORDAN'S HANDS, at last in cuffs.     PAN UP TO HIM, looking none-too-pleased.
169) 1) dialog: This one takes the cake. It was Rugrat, he'd been busted down in Miami, and guess who the fuck with?
170) 1) dialog: What were the odds? There had to be ten thousand Swiss bankers in Geneva and I choose the one dumb enough to get himself arrested on U.S. soil.
171) 2) dialog: Even more ironic was he'd gotten himself indicted on charges that had nothing to fucking do with me.
172) 1) dialog: Something about laundering drug money through offshore boat racing and a guy named Rocky Aoki, the founder of Benihana.
172) 3) dialog: Beni-fucking-hana! Why would God be so cruel as to choose a chain of fucking Hibachi Restaurants to bring me down?
173) 1) dialog: Long story short was Saurel ratted me out, but not before he ratted out Chantalle, who it turns out he'd been fucking every time she went to Switzerland!
174) 0) text: With his criminal attorney NOLAN DRAGER, 40s, next to him, Jordan stands before a JUDGE, being arraigned.
174) 1) dialog: I was indicted for money laundering, securities fraud and an endless list of other shit.
175) 3) dialog: I can make bail.                                    *
176) 0) text: Jordan exits the building. He's fucked and he knows it. He sees beautiful Naomi waiting for him beside a limosine; life isn't totally hopeless. He approaches.
176) 1) dialog: Nay, thank God. I'm so glad you're here.
177) 0) text: ON SKYLAR AND PARKER, playing with a NANNY and Rocky the dog. Jordan watches them, sitting by his pool, drinking an O'Douls, weighing his options. Donnie pops into the yard, in "Uncle Donnie" mode.
177) 3) dialog: Tell me about it. It's getting old, starting to shit inside the house again. Jordan offers Donnie an O'Douls; Donnie declines.
177) 5) dialog: Lobster Newburg sucked.     They gave me some jewelry though. He shows off the electronic bracelet around his ankle.
177) 7) dialog: Inside.    Pissed. Donnie sees Naomi in a window.      He waves but she bare registers him.
177) 9) dialog: Had to mortgage the home to make bail. Probably gonna hafta sell it to pay my lawyers. If we fight this thing. Donnie weighs that.
177) 12) text: Jordan thinks, then shakes his head no.
177) 14) text: Jordan's profoundly touched. Donnie squeezes his shoulder. A real moment of friendship.
177) 16) text: Jordan nods.
177) 17) dialog: Like I said, loyalty meant a lot to me. Without your friends and family standing behind you, you're fucked.
178) 2) text: Jordan sits with Nolan Drager across from FBI Agent Denham, U.S. Attorney LUCAS SOLOMON, 50s, and Assistant U.S. Attorney ROCHELLE APPLEBAUM, 30s, humorless.
178) 7) dialog: That your life's work in the box?                   *
178) 11) dialog: You want me to rat?
179) 1) dialog: How was Christy's party?                            *
179) 4) dialog: Baby, I talked to the lawyers                       * again today. I have some really                     * great news. As it turns out you're                  * totally off the hook.                               *
179) 6) dialog: You never did anything wrong                        * anyway, right? At the end of the                    * day all they really want is for me                  * to cooperate - that's it.                           * See, apparently, I know so much                     * about what's going on in the stock                  * market that I could save the                        * government years of heartache. But                  * it get's even better... You see,                    * if I cooperate I'll only have to                    * serve four short years and any                      * fine I'd have to pay wouldn't be                    * due til after I serve my sentence.                  * We'll still have plenty of money                    * left over. The only thing that I                    * was kind of upset about was the                     * fact that I might have to give                      * them information about my friends.                  *
179) 8) dialog: But there's a silver lining to                      * that too... It turns out that all                   * of `em are probably gonna                           * cooperate too. So in the end, that                  * won't really be a factor.                           *
179) 10) dialog: No, it's good for both of us, Nay.                  *
179) 12) dialog: Make love to me baby. Make love to                  * me nice and slow.                                   *
180) 2) dialog: I love you, Nay. I love you so                      * much. I've loved you from the                       * first time I saw you.                               *
180) 5) dialog: What?                                               *
180) 7) dialog: What are you talking about?                         *
180) 9) dialog: That's not true. What do you mean?                  *
180) 11) dialog: Hold still. Why are you moving                      * like that?                                          *
180) 13) dialog: What are you doing baby?                            *
180) 15) dialog: You want me to cum, baby?                           *
180) 19) dialog: What are you talking about?                         *
180) 21) dialog: What? What are you talking about?                   * Now? After we just made love?                       *
180) 24) dialog: You don't love me? Isn't that                       * convenient. Now, you don't love                     * me? Now while I'm under federal                     * indictment with a fucking bracelet                  * around my ankle? Now, all of a                      * sudden, you decide you don't love                   * me?                                                 *
180) 26) dialog: What kind of a person are you?                      *
180) 28) dialog: I've got news for you. You're not                   * taking my kids.                                     *
180) 31) dialog: My lawyers are more powerful than                      * yours. You're not taking my kids!                      * You vicious cunt!                                      *
180) 32) text: Naomi slaps Jordan. Jordan hits her back and exits.
180) 33) dialog: Fuck you! You're not taking my                         * kids. You fucking bitch!                               *
181) 3) dialog: You're not taking my kids.                             *
181) 5) dialog: Oh yeah? You don't think I'm gonna                     * see my kids again? Oh yeah?                            *
181) 6) text: Jordan heads towards Skylar's room. She tries to stop Jordan. He knocks her to the ground. Jordan charges towards Skylar's room. Jordan exiting Skylar's room with Skylar crying in his arms. Naomi starts to pull herself up from off the floor as Jordan races toward the stairs.
182) 3) text: Jordan putting Skylar in the car. Naomi and Violet desperately try to open the garage door. Naomi races into the garage. Jordan gets in the drivers seat, locks the doors and starts the engine. Naomi begs him to stop. Violet presses the garage door button. Naomi grabs a tool and smashes the driver side window. Jordan sees the door closing - he thinks "fuck it" - slams into reverse, crashing through the garage door. Car continues in reverse, crashing into a concrete pillar. Naomi and Violet rush to the car, pull Skylar out and bring her inside the house. Jordan sits as blood rushes down his face.
183) 5) text: Jordan's here, too, looking miserable.         He stops L
183) 6) dialog: Lemme just sign the fucking thing.
184) 2) dialog: For the next six hours, I came up with a list. Friends, enemies, business associates, anybody who'd ever known me or taken so much as a stock tip. The first name on the list was Donnie's.
184) 3) text: And as Jordan heaves a huge sigh, we're suddenly...
185) 0) text: Agent Denham tapes a recorder to Jordan's inner thigh, runs a microphone wire up his chest. Agent Hughes watches.
185) 2) text: Jordan nods, buttons up his shirt.
186) 0) text: Wearing a suit and tie, Jordan walks in to the bullpen, where the Brokers spot him, giving him a standing ovation. He forces a smile, waves to the crowd. As Robbie and Chester Ming look on, Jordan forces a smile as he approaches Donnie, who gives him a hug.
187) 0) text: Jordan and Donnie sit at the coffee table over takeout sushi.
187) 1) dialog: The trial won't be for months, so obviously I'll be counting on you to pick up the slack.
187) 3) dialog: And you know how much that means to me. Hey, you know what I wanted to ask you? Jordan catches Donnie's eye, pushes the PAPER over in front of him.
187) 4) dialog: The Steve Madden deal, did he ever come through on that? Donnie looks down at the paper, reads Jordan's writing:
187) 6) dialog: Remember he was supposed to kick back like four mil from that one account?
187) 8) dialog: Well if you talk to him, let me know. You want the last yellowtail?
187) 10) dialog: And thus began my career as a government cooperator. I was a rat...
188) 0) text: Jordan lays alone, asleep in bed.      We hear the DOORBE
188) 1) dialog: But I wasn't losing any sleep over it.
188) 2) text: After a few beats, Violet knocks, enters.      Jordan sti
189) 0) text: Jordan descends the stairs in sweats and T-shirt.       A Denham and Hughes are waiting.
189) 2) dialog: Why?   What's going on?
189) 4) text: Agent Denham holds up the slip of yellow paper that Jordan gave to Donnie. And on Jordan's look...
189) 5) dialog: Donnie Azoff, my partner. My best friend.
190) 2) dialog: After months of legal wrangling,                      * I was finally sentenced to prison.                    *
190) 3) text: WE SEE Jordan's various cars -- Porsche, Mercedes, Ferrari, BMW -- loaded onto a large transport vehicle.
191) 3) dialog: I gave up everyone, and in return                   * got three years in some hellhole                    * in Nevada I'd never even heard of.                  * Like Mad Max'd said, the                            * chickens'd come home to roost.                      * Whatever the fuck that means.                       *
192) 0) text: Sentencing.   Jordan's mother is there, tears in her eyes
192) 3) text: Max rolls his eyes: Jordan's so guilty it hurts. As Jordan is led away by GUARDS...
194) 0) text: CLOSE ON DENHAM, reading a New York Times article on Jordan's sentencing. He looks satisfied with his accomplishment, until he looks up... ... and realizes he's right where Jordan said he'd be: commuting home on the subway, like any other piker.
195) 0) text: Jordan rides in back, stares out the window, thinking about all he's done. The van stops as it arrives at the PRISON GATE.
195) 1) dialog: I'm not ashamed to admit, when we arrived to prison, I was absolutely terrified...
195) 3) dialog: I needn't have been.
196) 0) text: A tennis ball hits pavement and WE PAN UP TO JORDAN, in prison fatigues but playing doubles with three other PRISONERS, all white middle-aged EXECUTIVE TYPES.
196) 1) dialog: Sorry, just out. What is that, forty-thirty? As the game continues, Jordan serving, the CAMERA PULLS UP TO SEE THE WHOLE PRISON YARD: one group of inmates does Tai Chi while another has formed a book club.
196) 2) dialog: For a brief, fleeting moment, I'd forgotten I was rich and lived in America.
197) 11) dialog: Sell me this pen.                                    * The Kiwi, embarrassed, takes a moment, then:
197) 14) dialog: Sell me this pen.                                  * As the next person tries... WE RAKE ALONGSIDE HIS AUDIENCE, transfixed, desperate for Jordan's knowledge, desperate to be molded, to be rich...
197) 15) dialog: Sell me this pen...Sell me this                    * pen... Sell me this pen...Sell me                  * this pen...                                        * FADE OUT.