12) 8) dialog: Jordan? Mark Hanna. (re: Fogel) Good, you've met Jerry. One of the smartest guys in the office. Who's ever sucked a dog's cock out of loneliness. Fogel's smile turns to a frown.      He hands Jordan a st of 3x5 index cards.
12) 10) dialog: Don't mind Jerry, his father raped him as a child. Besides, I'm senior broker here, he's a worthless piker. I heard you pitched stock at your job interview.
12) 12) dialog: I fuckin' love that! Let's grab lunch later. Windows good with you?
12) 15) dialog: Let's fuck!! RING!!! Absolute pandemonium at the BELL signalling the opening of the stock market. Feet fly off desks; Brokers and their Connectors dial phones like mad. The CAMERA PUSHES IN on JORDAN, mesmerized as he takes in the ROAR.
12) 17) dialog: (into headset) Your broker in West Virginia? What are you buying, a coal mine? It's the 80s, the game is high- tech.
13) 1) dialog: (offering the spoon)
13) 5) dialog: Here's the game plan, Hector. Bring us two Absolut Martinis straight up. Precisely seven and a half minutes after you deliver those you'll bring two more, then two more every five minutes until one of us passes out.
13) 8) dialog: First day on Wall Street, Hector. Give him time. (Hector offers menus)
13) 12) dialog: High is the only way to do this fucking job. Guy who coined the term "three-martini lunch" was a woman. Cocaine and hookers, my friend, the keys to success. Jordan smiles, not sure if Hanna is kidding.
13) 14) dialog: (reciting an ad) "Here at L.F. Rothschild, our clients aren't just important, they're family." Just as long as we get our taste first. Remember something, Jordan, your top priority in this job: make us money. If the clients get rich along the way, bully for them. Got a girlfriend?
13) 16) dialog: OK, first rule of Wall Street. Nobody -- and I don't care if you're Warren Buffet or Jimmy Buffet -- nobody knows if a stock's going up, down or fucking sideways, least of all stock brokers. But we have to pretend we know. Make sure you stay relaxed. Nobody wants to buy something from someone who sounds like they haven't gotten laid in a month. Take breaks when you feel stressed, jerk off if you can. You like jerking off, right?
13) 18) dialog: Good, jerking off is key. And I highly recommend cocaine, which will make you dial faster, which is good for me. Churn `em and burn `em, baby.
14) 0) text: As STRIPPERS grind in b.g, Jordan parties with Mark Hanna and dozens of BROKERS and TRAINEES. Jordan sips a martini and studies Mark Hanna, hitting on a STRIPPER.
16) 2) dialog: Holy.   Fucking. Shit. And as the Brokers start commiserating with each other...