15) 1) text: Packing his computer and sat link antenna in his backpack Careful. Always making himself ready to leave. As he clos packs the computer we see behind it... A PHOTO OF A WOMAN (BETTY ROSS): he stares at it for a be far away now. Time-cut: Banner is meditating, seated on the floor, his legs cross calming his mind.
23) 13) text: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 15. Green: “Encouraging. But sample is baseline...I have...sp Blue: “Tricky. Can you extract sample during next ‘spike’ Green: “No.” Blue: “Spike can’t exceed exposure. What was your origina exposure?” Green: “Data no longer available.” Blue: “Toxicity at this level too risky without precision Green: “Will it cure me?” Blue: “Barring new gamma exposure... good chance.” BANNER sits STUNNED, mind racing. On a pad of paper he scribbles: Data from MAYNARD Green: “Will get back to you. Thank you.” Blue: “Pleasure. Hope you walk through the door one day. be a very unique individual.” Banner closes the computer and stares at the picture of T (BETTY)... a step closer maybe. He packs up his core equipment into the knapsack as alway Then he remembers the note on the pad. He tears it off an up... nowhere to throw it and so, distracted, he PUTS THE INTO HIS POCKET. Timecut: BANNER MEDITATING: in the lotus position, unmovi PULSE: 55 - THE SOUND OF A SLOW HEARTBEAT that RISES and
53) 0) text: Banner on a bench: Reading a book and watching the door. TWO WOMEN talking together as they exit, and one of them BETTY ROSS. Dark, lovely. He sits frozen: the closest he’s been to her in five year And then he follows-- Bruce watching Betty: keeping his distance - she gets coffee with the friend and sits and talks - says goodbye and checks her blackberry and smiles and t She is walking now...He could go to her...and then... ...-he sees the guy walking toward her smile. And she smi and accepts his embrace and kiss. This is SAMSON. They li and walk together and Banner has to watch them walk away, hand slipping inside Samson's. Another life. He turns away and puts himself back on cour
59) 6) text: - a huge MRI-like machine (the Gamma Pulse) rising above being smashed through glass -bodies of two of Banner’s grad students lying still unde control console driven back onto them, a soldier in unifo still - BETTY, still on the ground a gash in her head - ROSS on the floor, backing up holding his left arm in a trying to reach Betty and looking up at... BANNER POPS OUT OF IT. The guy is looking at him... or at his pizza. Banner opens the door.
61) 0) text: Stan comes out of the back hearing laughter and looks up cold... IT’S BETTY AND SAMSON, grabbing a slice on the way home. to hurry em along...
61) 2) dialog: Oh, I need a Mr. Pink, Stan. Please!
61) 4) text: Tight on: Betty and Samson. He’s telling a story about so one of his patient’s said. BETTY’s EYES flick down to the
61) 5) dialog: Not too spicy, Stan...
61) 9) dialog: SAMSON'S MOUTH is moving but everything is SILENT. She st the space where she just saw a ghost. But it wasn’t a gho was BRUCE. AND SHE RUNS. Dashing under the counter and th the back after him... Samson agape...
62) 0) text: THUNDER RUMBLING in the distance, the first drops of RAIN BETTY explodes out the back door, looking left and right BANNER IS WALKING QUICKLY ACROSS THE FAR SIDE OF THE LOT.
62) 1) dialog: 
62) 5) dialog: When did...? Are you...?
62) 8) dialog: Samson, this is....this is Bruce... Bruce Banner. He takes Banner in for a beat and then reaches out his ha
62) 10) dialog: Can you...? There are just so many things... I can’t...
63) 0) text: Raining hard now. Samson and Betty pull up through their and into the garage.
63) 1) dialog: I need to go find him... I think you should... Samson looks at her, understanding...nods.
64) 0) text: BETTY drives through the streets looking for him, despera RAIN is hard now, a thundershower. She pulls up to the bigger road leading out away to the h looks right into the dark...nothing. Looks left and we se reaction on her face at something she sees...
65) 4) dialog: Please don’t go away. Please. I need to see you and talk to you.
65) 6) dialog: I don’t care. Please. You can’t just disappear again. I couldn’t take it. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 47.
65) 8) dialog: I want you to come with me now. He does too. Banner’s face: torn. What should he do? EXT. BETTY AND SAMSON’S HOUSE - DRIVEWAY - NIGHT - RAIN Betty’s car pulls in through the driveway and into the ga We can see that she is alone in the car.
66) 0) text: Betty hits the clicker and the garage door descends behin And then BANNER SITS UP IN THE PASSENGER SEAT. INT. SAMSON AND BETTY’S HOUSE - NIGHT Samson steps into the living room as Betty emerges from t mudroom/garage entrance. He looks at her...wondering. Bet holds out her hand... AND BANNER STEPS INTO THEIR HOME.
67) 0) text: Samson cooking food while Bruce and Betty talk across a s dining table off the living room. We hear some of what th saying in fragments from Samson’s side of it. Betty has drawn all the curtains. They are in mid convers
67) 1) dialog: --.and they just let you stay?
67) 5) dialog: And trimethodine...
67) 7) dialog: We’re all a lot further along than we were then, but Sterns is way out in front on that score. He had some kind of ethics cloud around him at Cal Tech but it didn’t stop him. His work is unbelievably brilliant. So, Brazil for the corablanca?
67) 9) dialog: And now?
67) 11) dialog: No, you don’t. She gets up and goes to a bookshelf with a vase on it. Sh out a small DATA/FLASHCARD on ring, with a lanyard. She g and hands it to him.
67) 12) dialog: I got in there before they carted it all away. I hoped it would tell us something someday.
67) 14) dialog: I don’t think so. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 49.
67) 16) dialog: Oh my god...he’s crazier than anybody knows. I’m so sorry... How?
67) 18) dialog: I hear he’s a total anarchist. Hates authority. Doesn’t think he should answer to anybody. That’s why he got in trouble. Bruce, why didn’t you...? SAMSON enters:
68) 0) text: Bruce/Betty/Samson eat together at a kitchen table. Convi determinedly light, staying off the obvious weight of it moment. Samson is telling a funny story.
68) 2) dialog: +..-You’re not so much Multiple Personality as Spoiled Brat...
68) 4) dialog: It makes you sound cruel. But Samson takes a few of these to pay for all the free work he does.
68) 7) dialog: It’s alright...you’re with friends.
69) 3) dialog: Do you need anything?
69) 5) dialog: Of course. I’1l drive you out to the station. It’s hard for her to leave him alone, awkward. He looks s and lonely. But she finally turns.
70) 0) text: Betty shuts the door and dissolves, crying hard, silently stifling it. INT. BETTY AND SAMSON’S BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER She enters. He can see that she’s cried and comes to her. him hard
70) 1) dialog: Thank you. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 51. EXT. BETTY AND SAMSON’S HOUSE - NIGHT All the lights off.
71) 0) text: Bruce can't sleep: Lying in the dark, staring up. Memory Flash: Betty lying in a sunny room under sheets ne him, playing with his hand, biting his fingertips Memory Flash: Betty lying in a coma, turning to see Ross the glass door with two MP’s. He hears a small thump from the Living Room and turns his listen....
72) 17) dialog: Ready? INT. BETTY’S CAR - CAMPUS ROADS - MORNING Betty and Bruce drive through campus.
73) 0) text: Banner gets out of the car and steps up onto the grass an the walking paths to a spot with a tree and bench and a v the buildings and lawns. Betty moves next to him. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 54.
73) 2) dialog: We were trying to...understand. Crack a puzzle. Advance things a little.
73) 4) dialog: No, you’ve turned this on yourself too hard. We did talk about it and we were all comfortable. The worst you can say is that you rushed it...but you took your own risks, you didn’t ask anybody else too.
73) 6) dialog: Nobody thought something like that was possible...
73) 9) dialog: What...?
75) 0) text: Betty starting to run toward the direction they saw the s MORE SOLDIERS coming into view, sweeping across the groun between the buildings heading in the direction Bruce went In the distance, through the campus complex on the road o side she sees FOUR HUMVEES jumping off the road and headi same way along the opposite perimeter of the campus. One MOUNTED .50 Cal gun; two have LARGE STRANGELY SHAPED CANN MOUNTED ON THE REAR; One has a FLAMETHROWER on a SWIVEL M Betty starts looking around, frantic...
82) 0) text: BETTY: Clears the line of buildings and sees the open rol lawns of the campus and the park and woods beyond Then Betty sees: A BLACK MILITARY MOBILE COMMAND VEHICLE cruising on the road beyond the lawns, parallel to the ac She heads toward it...
86) 0) text: BETTY: Catching up to the Command Vehicle on road beyond grass, running in the grass parallel to it she starts to
86) 1) dialog: I know it’s you! Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 58.
87) 0) text: ROSS and CABOT are monitoring screens, radiation counters looks out the window to monitor movements on the ground a spots Betty...
87) 3) dialog: Come out of there! Ross throws the door of the vehicle open and jumps out... soldiers emerge to flank and cover him.. and they stand f each other.
87) 4) dialog: Please don’t do this... He needs help!
88) 12) dialog: 
90) 15) dialog: You’re killing him! She starts to run toward him but the same SOLDIERS chase HER BACK. SAMSON: dashing past the last edge of the CAMPUS RIGHT bu and running toward the Sculpture Garden sees... CARNAGE: Soldiers and metal lying at the foot of the scul the smoking wreckage of the Flamethrower vehicle Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 65. AND AN IMPOSSIBLE SIGHT: A HUGE GREEN HULKING FORM engulf nets and waves of distortion... he looks right, searching Betty - held by two soldiers straining toward the THING.
90) 17) dialog: And as he shouts this Betty strains forward screaming at
90) 18) dialog: 
90) 20) dialog: 
90) 47) text: SAMSON: watching wide-eyed as BETTY steps up to the monst a sound behind him and turns.
90) 50) dialog: Bruce...? Dim recognition on Hulk’s face PILOT’S VOICE (OVER RADIO) Hold onto your hats... Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 68.
90) 73) dialog: 
91) 0) text: Hulk emerges from the trees in the rain holding Betty Hulk spies a cave opening in the rocks...
92) 0) text: HULK lays her gently down inside the opening out of the r wakes Betty and, disoriented she reacts in terror to the face next to hers... SHE SCREAMS AND PUNCHES HIM reflexively...HE GROWLS surpr
92) 1) dialog: Oh no...I’m sorry...I’m... But he is already standing up. He can't fit under the roo stands in the entrance. Betty stares up at him. Then she notices...THAT HE IS WOU HULK SHOT: over his left. Betty stands and comes toward h
92) 2) dialog: You're hurt. And as we slide across behind the head REALITY MORPHS int VISION...hallucinatory, distorted. BETTY fractured into t SOUND OF RAIN like an acid sizzle, etc...
92) 3) dialog: Bruce, can you understand me? Are you hurt? Betty’s voice cuts through the bad Trip he's on and thing actually settle and straighten out a bit but then... WHITE FLASH of LIGHTNING..seen still in our HULK VIEW. Supercharged, annihilating, terrifying. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 71. HULK’S FACE: RAGE explodes in his face and he whips aroun for the source of the assault, ROARS and the woods, grabs MAMMOTH ROCK and as the THUNDER CRASHES, HURLS IT AT THE ROARS BACK AT THE THUNDER.
92) 4) dialog: It's okay...we’re okay. She steps out in the rain and touches his arm and he turn growling... She takes his massive hand BETTY’S POV: CLOSEUP ON HULK’S ARM - in the deep cuts we LITERALLY SEE HULK’S BODY HEALING ITSELF
92) 5) dialog: Come here... come on. She pulls him down out of the rain and he huffs and sits she sits with him. She sits with him calming him. FROM WIDE OUTSIDE THE CAVE we can see the outline of the them sitting together in the dark, lightning pops a flash image of the woman and the monster sitting together....BL
94) 0) text: Bruce and Betty wake up in the cave. He tries to rise and retches. Bruce has scars all over his body where the Hulk wounds were made. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 72.
95) 0) text: Appalachia or maybe the Smokies. Some little nowhere town mountains. BETTY is coming along the ground floor units w KEY. Bruce emerges from behind the ice machine, wearing her co his nude torso and shredded pants. She helps him into the INT. MOTEL ROOM —- DAY Banner emerging from the shower, a towel around him. Bath of steam. No sign of Betty. FOCUS ON: BANNER’S BODY -- ALL SCARS ARE GONE. Totally he Tighter on Banner: He wipes steam off the mirror and... THE HULK’S FACE SNARLS AT HIM -- A FLASH of Hulk-Memory of the GUNSHIP ROUNDS coming at hi No more than a flash but it doubles him over the sink. Jump cut: few minutes later The door the room opens and Betty comes in with a number SHOPPING BAGS. She hears... BANNER THROWING UP in the bathtub. She waits, concerned. emerges.
95) 1) dialog: Still feeling sick?
95) 3) dialog: I think I’ve got a good selection for you. First things first... She tosses him a new PULSE MONITOR.
95) 5) dialog: Target: they've got everything. Okay, it ain’t Armani but... Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 73. He puts it on as she starts showing him clothes. She hold large pair of STRETCHY PURPLE PANTS
95) 7) dialog: When was the last time anybody but you cut your hair, Mr. Style Council? Timecut: Bruce in a chair with a towel around his shoulde Betty cutting his hair. He checks suspiciously with his f
95) 8) dialog: I have done this before. He drops his head forward, letting her rub his neck a lit
95) 9) dialog: I don’t know how you’ve done this alone.
95) 11) dialog: It is frightening. But it was worse not knowing... He twists around and THEY ARE KISSING and it all breaks l PUSHES HER TOWARD THE BED AND ONTO IT and MOVES ON TOP OF
95) 14) dialog: What...?
95) 16) dialog: It's okay...I want to.
95) 18) dialog: Not even a little excited? Banner studies her face, he’s imagined this moment so man
95) 20) dialog: I got it.
97) 7) dialog: My lipstick? Can they track that?
97) 9) dialog: Not going to get where we’re going on 70 bucks.
97) 12) dialog: We'll get it back. INT. ARMY BASE —- PLANNING ROOM - DAY Ross has a real team assembled now. Technicians, intel, l enforcement. All of it. There are at least two dozen peop the room and Cabot is wrapping up the briefing. Ross stan the side. BANNER and BETTY’S PHOTOS FILLS THE SCREEN
98) 0) text: Betty exiting with cash. She pawned her mother’s locket.
98) 1) dialog: We'll get it back.
99) 0) text: Bruce and Betty with a “FOR SALE” sign in their hands, bu something in cash from the YOUNG GUY behind the counter. is on a computer. Banner offers the guy $50.
100) 0) text: Betty and Bruce getting into their newly purchased BATTER PICKUP TRUCK. Bruce getting in the passenger side...
100) 1) dialog: Hey... He turns and she has her little camera out. He gives her quizzical look.
100) 2) dialog: It’s been worse than this before right?
100) 4) dialog: Then we’re on the way to something better. He smiles a sad uncertain smile and she SNAPS THE PICTURE Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 79.
101) 0) text: Betty drives. Banner stares out in to the dark, a darker back on him.
101) 1) dialog: Penny for your thoughts.
101) 3) dialog: About a year and a half. He came to lecture on a fellowship and stayed.
101) 5) dialog: Yes. I do. Bruce, you know that I...
101) 7) dialog: He does. I never trusted him with this. Trust isn’t the right word. I didn’t test his faith in me by asking him to believe something I still can’t believe myself.
101) 9) dialog: What is it like...when it happens? What do you experience?
101) 11) dialog: Do you remember anything?
101) 13) dialog: But then it’s still you...inside it.
101) 15) dialog: In the cave, I felt that you knew...that IT knew me. Maybe your mind is in there it’s just...overcharged...can’t process what’s happening. You know Samson works with people on ‘conscious dreaming’, helping them direct themselves out of their nightmares even though the conscious brain seems asleep... maybe...
101) 17) dialog: Of course not... He looks out the window in silence, tormented.
103) 1) dialog: I thought I should let you sleep.
103) 3) dialog: Stuck in traffic. But getting close. He looks around. Traffic lockup. Radio talking about traf delays due to heightened security alert. He opens the doo stands up to look. POV: the gates of a toll booth a long way ahead (maybe we it says “Holland Tunnel”. He can see uniformed officers a standing by toll gates looking at faces.
103) 5) dialog: Go where?
103) 7) dialog: Right here...I mean...now?
104) 0) text: Banner and Betty walk down the sidewalk and we pan and se they are heading for the WATER’S EDGE.
105) 0) text: BANNER and BETTY talking to an OLDER GUY standing by a ra fishing pole and bucket (Stan Lee!). They’re offering him money and he’s nodding.
106) 0) text: Bruce and Betty in the bow of a small OUTBOARD MOTOR BOAT OLDER GUY throttles up and as they move out into the rive UP to reveal: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 82. NEW YORK CITY: and this is where they’re heading.
107) 0) text: Betty and Bruce on the sidewalk by a kiosk with a map
107) 1) dialog: Long way uptown. Subway’s quickest.
107) 3) dialog: Right. Let’s get a cab.
108) 0) text: SCREAMING up 6th Avenue. The DRIVER is without a doubt th terrifying cab driver in a whole city of bad cab drivers. Slashing across two lanes, accelerating like an F-1 racer and honking nearly killing a bike messenger, racing throu lights from much too far away. All with RADIO BLARING and PHONE talking a mile a minute. Banner and Betty getting tossed around like dolls.
109) 0) text: SLAM! Betty and Banner have bailed on Hell Ride. Betty hurling money in increments through the passenger w
109) 1) dialog: --.god forbid you should give a SHIT about the living, breathing PEOPLE in the back of your office on wheels with no SHOCKS...
109) 3) dialog: Asshole!!
109) 5) dialog: Zip it. We're walking.
110) 0) text: Banner and Betty walk up along the Park past the Natural Museum.
111) 0) text: Banner and Betty enter the gates of COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY.
112) 8) dialog: Excuse me, Dr Sterns?
112) 10) dialog: Sorry to bother you. I’m Elizabeth Ross.
112) 12) dialog: There’s someone I’d like to introduce you to...
112) 16) dialog: But you think you’ve got the concentration right?
114) 18) dialog: Bruce... Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 88.
114) 26) dialog: There’s more. Wait for it! Now we see the full agony of it as Banner’s body starts t and stretch and harden. We should feel the trauma of it o bones and muscles. Sterns is staggered. Betty watches the loves be tortured in front of her, he howls in agony. Ste closer...too close. The restraints pop like rubber bands, one of them strikin who gets knocked back and dazed...The Hulk is appearing o table, still in spasms. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 89.
114) 27) dialog: Now! Do it! The table starts to buckle under the weight as THE HULK c to grow. Hulk is going to lift his head up and get seriou any second... but then BETTY LITERALLY JUMPS ONTO THE TABLE OVER HIM, leaning on massive torso, looking for his eyes.
114) 28) dialog: 
114) 30) dialog: Do it NOW!!!! Sterns hits the button and THE ANTIDOTE starts to flow in And slowly, painfully, THE PROCESS STARTS TO REVERSE. You almost see the fluid moving through those massive veins a finding its way into every corner and calm the radiation his blood. AND HE SHRINKS... Finally, Banner is back, lying on the buckled table with kneeling over him. She strokes his forehead. He’s drenche sweat, wrung out like a marathoner.
114) 31) dialog: It’s alright. You’re alright. It’s over.
115) 4) dialog: It’s not wonderful for Bruce.
115) 6) dialog: So how did you know it would work?
116) 0) text: Sniper teams take roof positions around Sterns lab buildi team with one shooter and one spotter with a THERMAL SCAN SCANNERS springing on line. A THERMAL IMAGE of Betty, Ban Sterns moving from one part of the lab into another.
119) 0) text: BANNER: getting walked in shackles up the rear ramp of th Sikorsky under Ross’s gaze. Betty, following, ROSS PUTS A HAND ON HER ARM AND STOPS H
119) 2) dialog: I will never forgive what you have done to him. And to me.
119) 4) dialog: You made him a fugitive! To cover your failures and save your career. He told me what you said to him after the accident, before I woke up...what you proposed. That’s why he ran and gave up... Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 95.
119) 6) dialog: Truth Justice and the American Way...
119) 8) dialog: You have to start with Truth or the rest of it doesn’t work. Don’t speak to me as your daughter. Not ever again. She moves up the ramp...
121) 0) text: Bruce and Betty sit across from each other toward the rea SOLDIERS flanking them. ROSS up toward the front with COMMUNICATIONS OFFICERS and a BANK OF MONITORS. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
121) 2) text: Bruce and Betty stare at each other. She takes his hand,
132) 3) dialog: The sound waves stopped it at the campus...they stopped Bruce...
132) 8) dialog: No...
132) 12) dialog: You think you can control it?
132) 19) dialog: Oh my god, no...what are you doing?! You don’t even know if you’1l turn!
132) 21) dialog: This is too risky, it’s insane!
135) 0) text: Ross and Betty looking down on the lanes of 125th St. POV: the two TITANS START TO RUN AT EACH OTHER
141) 0) text: Ross and Betty watch from above, as the Pilot tries to st the fight POV: the silver whip arcing back through the air
147) 0) text: Betty gasps... ROSS acts
152) 5) dialog: 
152) 18) dialog: Wow. A CRACKING, RATTLING SOUND....Her eyes go wide. And HULK takes A TREMENDOUS BLOW TO THE SIDE OF THE HEAD, STAGGERING HIM. HE SPINS...
152) 47) dialog: Shh. It’s over... it’s over.
154) 0) text: Ross sits on a bar stool in the middle of a mostly empty afternoon. He lifts his drink to his lips, catches his re in a mirror behind the bar. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 114. EXT. BETTY AND SAMSON’S HOUSE - DAY Samson sits on the front steps, staring out at the street lifts the cordless phone in his hand and dials a number.
155) 0) text: Betty stands by a railing overlooking the river and the N Harbor. A FERRY tugs out towards the Statue of Liberty. H rings, she pulls it out and looks at the number, answers.
155) 1) dialog: Hi.
155) 3) dialog: I’m not hurt. A lot of people were though.
155) 5) dialog: It was real.
155) 7) dialog: Samson, did you call somebody the night Bruce was at our home? Is that why they came for him?
155) 9) dialog: I do. But I’m not coming home yet.
155) 11) dialog: I have no idea. But I’1ll let you know when I do. I promise. She hangs up. He buries his face in his hands. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 115. Betty takes out her camera and looks at the PICTURE SHE T BRUCE...THAT SAD, HOPEFUL SMILE. She looks out at the harbor and tries to imagine where he