5) 0) text: BRUCE BANNER is running. Up in the hills, past the fringe favela, he descends toward the chaos of houses and street city, sprawled like a living organism, teeming with peopl He slows to check something on his wrist: A PULSE MONITOR It shows: 90 Low for somebody running hard.
53) 0) text: Banner on a bench: Reading a book and watching the door. TWO WOMEN talking together as they exit, and one of them BETTY ROSS. Dark, lovely. He sits frozen: the closest he’s been to her in five year And then he follows-- Bruce watching Betty: keeping his distance - she gets coffee with the friend and sits and talks - says goodbye and checks her blackberry and smiles and t She is walking now...He could go to her...and then... ...-he sees the guy walking toward her smile. And she smi and accepts his embrace and kiss. This is SAMSON. They li and walk together and Banner has to watch them walk away, hand slipping inside Samson's. Another life. He turns away and puts himself back on cour
55) 0) text: Bruce and the owner catch up. Clearly, they were friends Bruce's old life.
62) 2) dialog: He stops but doesn’t turn and she moves toward him, still to believe it’s actually him...and as she draws near. HE TURNS AND FACES HER and she stops in her tracks, her h flying to her mouth...she could literally faint from the adrenaline and emotion shooting through her body.
62) 3) dialog: It’s alright... SAMSON bursts out the door...
62) 6) dialog: I’m alright. I’m so sorry, I didn’t want to... Samson comes up behind her and Banner looks up.
65) 5) dialog: I want to...so much. But it’s not safe.
65) 7) dialog: I don’t want to make things more difficult for you. I couldn’t bear that.
67) 0) text: Samson cooking food while Bruce and Betty talk across a s dining table off the living room. We hear some of what th saying in fragments from Samson’s side of it. Betty has drawn all the curtains. They are in mid convers
67) 2) dialog: I think it was novel at first, they don’t get the spiritual tourism up there on the Northern Plateau. And I’m good at fixing things so... It was peaceful. For a long time that’s all I wanted. (MORE )
67) 4) dialog: When I heard the rug dealer down in town had gotten internet...my brain started going and eventually I couldn’t resist. That’s how I got to Sterns.
67) 6) dialog: I didn’t think you could synthesize an inhibitor that complex but he has been. I mean five years ago...
67) 8) dialog: He’s synthesizing it but I had to try to get it at the source. It took a long time just to get there. And I couldn’t get a thousandth of what I’d need. If he’s even right...
67) 10) dialog: I go find him, I suppose. I don’t know if he’s really got something and it’s a much longer shot without the data but I’ve got to risk it...
67) 13) dialog: Does the General know you have this?
67) 15) dialog: He was there in Brazil. When they came for me. I saw him.
67) 17) dialog: I’ve twisted it round every possible way. Is there anyway it could have been Sterns?
68) 0) text: Bruce/Betty/Samson eat together at a kitchen table. Convi determinedly light, staying off the obvious weight of it moment. Samson is telling a funny story.
68) 6) dialog: I’m so sorry. It’s been a long time since I felt...light...about anything.
69) 0) text: All say good night. Bruce shakes Samson’s hand.
69) 1) dialog: Good night.
69) 4) dialog: No. I should go early tomorrow. If I can borrow cash from you, I'll take the bus.
71) 0) text: Bruce can't sleep: Lying in the dark, staring up. Memory Flash: Betty lying in a sunny room under sheets ne him, playing with his hand, biting his fingertips Memory Flash: Betty lying in a coma, turning to see Ross the glass door with two MP’s. He hears a small thump from the Living Room and turns his listen....
75) 0) text: Betty starting to run toward the direction they saw the s MORE SOLDIERS coming into view, sweeping across the groun between the buildings heading in the direction Bruce went In the distance, through the campus complex on the road o side she sees FOUR HUMVEES jumping off the road and headi same way along the opposite perimeter of the campus. One MOUNTED .50 Cal gun; two have LARGE STRANGELY SHAPED CANN MOUNTED ON THE REAR; One has a FLAMETHROWER on a SWIVEL M Betty starts looking around, frantic...
88) 13) dialog: She breaks from in front of the Command Van and starts ru across the wide grass toward the tube...
90) 21) dialog: HULK: Hears her scream and turns his head and SEES BETTY THAT NAME.
94) 0) text: Bruce and Betty wake up in the cave. He tries to rise and retches. Bruce has scars all over his body where the Hulk wounds were made. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 72.
95) 0) text: Appalachia or maybe the Smokies. Some little nowhere town mountains. BETTY is coming along the ground floor units w KEY. Bruce emerges from behind the ice machine, wearing her co his nude torso and shredded pants. She helps him into the INT. MOTEL ROOM —- DAY Banner emerging from the shower, a towel around him. Bath of steam. No sign of Betty. FOCUS ON: BANNER’S BODY -- ALL SCARS ARE GONE. Totally he Tighter on Banner: He wipes steam off the mirror and... THE HULK’S FACE SNARLS AT HIM -- A FLASH of Hulk-Memory of the GUNSHIP ROUNDS coming at hi No more than a flash but it doubles him over the sink. Jump cut: few minutes later The door the room opens and Betty comes in with a number SHOPPING BAGS. She hears... BANNER THROWING UP in the bathtub. She waits, concerned. emerges.
95) 2) dialog: No, I feel better. Getting my data back. He holds up the little data Flash Card. It worked.
95) 4) dialog: You're kidding me...
95) 6) dialog: I’m an irradiated freak, that doesn’t mean I’ve lost my sense of style. He changes. His hair is an unkempt mess.
95) 10) dialog: With clippers usually...No, I didn’t want you to be afraid all the time.
95) 13) dialog: No, wait...I’m sorry...
95) 15) dialog: We can’t...
95) 17) dialog: No... I can’t. I can’t get too...excited. She understands now. They want to and know it but they ca Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 74.
95) 19) dialog: I thought I couldn't risk this...that it was better to deal with it alone. But it wasn’t...this is better. I wanted so much to...it was so hard just to move from place to place...so risky. I sent you small things to try to let you know... I sent you a Canthia Tigris from Brazil. I don’t know if...
95) 21) dialog: I’m so sorry...so sorry... She stops him and shakes her head and kisses him.
99) 0) text: Bruce and Betty with a “FOR SALE” sign in their hands, bu something in cash from the YOUNG GUY behind the counter. is on a computer. Banner offers the guy $50.
100) 0) text: Betty and Bruce getting into their newly purchased BATTER PICKUP TRUCK. Bruce getting in the passenger side...
100) 3) dialog: Yes...much worse.
106) 0) text: Bruce and Betty in the bow of a small OUTBOARD MOTOR BOAT OLDER GUY throttles up and as they move out into the rive UP to reveal: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 82. NEW YORK CITY: and this is where they’re heading.
107) 0) text: Betty and Bruce on the sidewalk by a kiosk with a map
109) 4) dialog: You know I can show you some techniques to help you manage that rage a little better...
121) 0) text: Bruce and Betty sit across from each other toward the rea SOLDIERS flanking them. ROSS up toward the front with COMMUNICATIONS OFFICERS and a BANK OF MONITORS. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
121) 2) text: Bruce and Betty stare at each other. She takes his hand,
131) 16) text: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 102. INT. TAXI CAB - COMING UP AMSTERDAM — CONTINUOUS The same TERRIBLE CAB DRIVER that terrorized Bruce and Be speeding up the avenue, he can see the light ahead is gre traffic is slowed up ahead. Light goes yellow...
152) 6) dialog: HULK SEES BETTY TRAPPED IN THE HELICOPTER, SHE’s IN TROUB GREEN PULSE: IN THE BASE OF HULK’S SKULL AND NEW SIZE AND