0) 7) dialog: Makes a break for it, but she's backhanded by Policeman # the wall.
2) 21) dialog: Hello, Case.
2) 23) dialog: Flight's in the morning. You should be on it, too. There' Case. There never was. To Case, it's an old battle not worth fighting.
2) 25) dialog: People are talking. They say the Yakuza has a contract ou
2) 27) dialog: This time it's different. Someone ripped of a shipment of grams of liquid ketamine. It was supposed to be Jo Jo's s
2) 29) dialog: Too many places. You're playing tag wish some kind of dea (beat) I'm sorry but I'm not sticking around for the funeral. She hesitates...then kisses him on the cheek, turns and d night. Case takes a last pull on his cigarette, then observes hi shaking. He flicks the butt away.
7) 0) text: Linda Lee has just finished packing a small suitcase in t the white fibreglass module. The rooms moulded to maximis living space; concave area for microwave and cooler, conv temperfoam bed slab for computer terminal and telephone. Linda peels off a photograph taped to the wall of her and mugging for the camera during a break in a game of Jai Al leave it for him. The telephone rings. As Linda picks it up the computer sc with a C.U. of Ratz.
7) 1) dialog: Hello?
7) 4) dialog: No. Who's this?
7) 6) dialog: Yes, but I...
12) 0) text: Linda Lee makes her way across a crowded transom as the p CROWD exchange fistfuls of new yen, placing their bets. S woman directions. Behind her, the towering puppets of holographic light dup the contestants in the ring; two MEN in the midst of a sa combat style combines street fighting, fencing and kickbo
16) 0) text: Linda Lee enters the hall, checking her watch. She hurrie hands of the beggars, and the sing song cries of the merc
18) 0) text: Bao turns. Pull focus to Linda Lee framed in the arch of there frozen, like a deer trapped in the road... Then ste starts toward Bao and his men.
20) 0) text: Linda Lee stands before the grim faced Yakuzas. She reach bag and produces the plastic container. Bao watches silen withdraws the ketamine.
22) 0) text: Bao's synthetic ice-blue eyes reveal nothing as he inspec amber fluid. He looks back up at Linda Lee... then lets t shattering on the cement floor. The ketamine itself means nothing. Bao has a score to set
24) 1) dialog: Reacts as the bodyguards grab her from either side.
24) 9) dialog: Staggers back, silhouetted by strobing muzzle flashes as fire.
24) 16) dialog: Turns, her eyes wide with terror... takes two steps towar of blood suddenly appears, running down her throat. She crumbles into Case's arms.
129) 3) text: Case rises... or tries to rise. He's lashed to the table. apartment. Soft morning light filters through the bedroom Linda Lee reaches out to him, holding him in her arms.
129) 4) dialog: You're back... you're back. Case is totally disoriented, but the sight of Linda Lee.. can only hops is real.
129) 6) dialog: I was so scared... You've been hallucinating for hours... up with had you totally ripped. As Linda cuts through the last plastic tie-down, Case gra shoulders. He gazes into her eyes... Then lashes out and to the floor.
129) 8) dialog: Baby, what did they do to you? She breaks down sobbing. Case turns to the window... rips back the curtains. Uptown Boston... the Sprawl... a perfectly normal morning He looks back at Linda sobbing on the floor... Then stares at his own reflection in the dresser mirror.
129) 9) text: Linda flinches as Case gently puts his arms around her. S hoping the madness has left him.
129) 10) dialog: (softly) Case... are you okay?
129) 13) dialog: Make love to me, Case. And their passion turns into a kind of hunger. A life aff the last clinging webs of his death dream trip. They make of a new morning. He pulls himself over her, then freezes as he notices tha
129) 16) dialog: Beneath him. Her eyes flash open... Burning with twin poi light. The eyes of Wintermute.
129) 20) text: The entire bedroom, an illusion created by Wintermute, no The glowing pattern of circuitry burns brightly from with form... tracing his entire nervous system in an intricate Linda Lee/Wintermute, still clings to him in a lover's em making has metamorphised into a more primal merging... a machine.
131) 0) text: Wintermute's disembodied voice reverberates over the howl the translucent forms of Case and Linda Lee/Wintermute sl entity.
135) 0) text: Molly's translucent image suddenly appears, causing Case of his hot wired nervous system to disappear. She has swi in the final stage of the transformation. As the soul light in Molly's chest is pierced by Wintermu circuitry... it explodes in a nimbus of light. The A.I. h soul instead of Case's. The green-eye spectre of Wintermute screams in agony... i from Linda Lee to Julius Deane to Jo Jo Bao... disintegra of Molly's exploding soul.