1) 0) text: Heat that has mass. That rises off the parched earth in shimmering waves. After a moment, we see what appear to be figures coming out of the haze, one by one. A family with their few belongings: HASARI PAL, 33, his wife, ALOKA, 28, and their children, daughter, AMRITA, 13, sons MANOOJ and SHAMBU, 11 and 9; HASARI'S MOTHER and FATHER. They embark toward the night, the rising sun behind them.
16) 0) text: It's Hasari who watches now. There's LAUGHTER from Aloka and Amrita. Joyful SHOUTS from the boys. Hasari is alone in the main room, on his knees, in front of the pile of their baggage and bundles. He turns his atten- tion from the laughter to a just-opened, old suitcase. He takes out a small tea box. Opens it delicately.
17) 0) text: Shambu is paddling near the tap. Aloka is bending over the drain and Amrita is rinsing her heavy, dark hair with a pot. Manooj is nearby, rubbing himself with an old towel. Hasari enters unnoticed and looks at the group with tenderness... and with gratitude for their good fortune. A MAN, red with anger, yanks the curtain aside, stares. The family freezes. Aloka's hair drips unnoticed on her sari.
24) 0) text: Aloka huddled with Manooj and Amrita. Hasari talking to the owner of a small market stall. Shambu is peering into a shop with male mannequins in the window.
33) 0) text: Distant transistor MUSIC as we PAN DOWN: The Pal children sleep despite the QUIET MOANS and nightmare CRIES around them, the two boys huddled together, Amrita close to her mother. Hasari comes out of the dark. Aloka looks at him. He shakes his head. He slumps beside her. Aloka strokes Hasari, looking lovingly at him.
52) 0) text: We hear the BELL TINKLING as the rickshaw, pulled by Hasari, carrying Ram and Aloka (holding Shambu) arrives (Amrita and Manooj trotting beside their father). Surya, Selima, other neighbors greet them as they come. The Pals glance into the school at Joan, who's teaching an evening class.
55) 1) text: The cause of the excitement is Hasari running TOWARD us, feet flying, as he pulls the rickshaw, loaded with a huge sack. Manooj and Shambu are clinging to the sides of the machine. Ram stands   in the center of the square. He shouts a command and   Hasari struggles to bring the rickshaw to a stop. It's    not easy and Sunil -- who's arriving -- has jump out of   the way to the accompaniment of apologies f Hasari and   Ram and hoots of laughter from the children. Outside the clinic, a line of perhaps seventy-five wait patiently, watching as Hasari takes off again. The wheels of the rickshaw hit a rut. Hasari loses control, the sack tips back and Hasari is lifted into the air, feet kicking as he tries to regain his balance. Aloka and Amrita, sitting near the bawling Ram, can't hold back their laughter.
77) 3) text: Not far from Amrita sits a handsome boy (Subash). He catches Amrita's eyes. Amrita is sweetly embarrassed to find her father staring at her.
129) 0) text: Amrita, Manooj, and Shambu. With them, Subash flirting with Amrita, incurring the wrath and admiration of her brothers, causing her to flush. THUNDER sounds. They all look up. Rain starts to fall. People run outside of workshops and huts, crying, "The rains, the rains." Suddenly, a THUNDERCLAP shakes the earth and rain begins to bombard them. The rain falls, the WIND HOWLS, and people in the lane are dancing, praising the beginning of the monsoon season. Men tear off their shirts, women rush out fully clothed, singing. Swarms of naked children run about. The kids run toward the clinic/school.
131) 2) dialog: No! Amrita whacks Manooj.
143) 0) text: Aloka and three women huddled beside a window, Amrita half hidden behind them. We PAN ACROSS a staircase TO another window, THROUGH which we see a doorway. In the doorway, Subash turns to smile a shy smile at Amrita; he shrugs. PAST him now, we see Hasari facing SUBASH'S FATHER and three UNCLES, surly men with hair matted with mustard oil. The Ghoshes are all seated on low chairs and stools. Hasari is standing.
156) 0) text: Amrita, Subash, and Shambu heading home from the work- shop. Shambu's cast is gone. Subash flirts with Amrita. They see Hasari, Max, and Manooj coming toward them. Manooj runs to them, shouting that he's going to the school; Amrita, Subash, Shambu congratulate him...
160) 1) text: Amrita is dressed in the beautiful sari her father bought her. Father and daughter are alone. He hands her the flower and adjusts her veil tenderly.