62) 52) text: It's an amazing sight. Two lepers: ANOUAR, bearded with a sharp intelligent, unmarked face, makes his way along on a small wheeled board, at an amazingly fast pace, ahead of SAID, a huge, mute leper. They stop some feet away. Lepers aren't often welcome. Out from behind Said steps Poomina.
62) 59) dialog: It's Meeta! It's her time. But something is wrong. The midwives don't know what to do! Dr. Sunil, could he help, perhaps?
63) 0) text: The moon reflects off the dark puddles of muddy water that line the side of the railway tracks. Anouar propels his board with astonishing agility along the path, Said and Poomina running with him. Max, Joan, carrying a first aid bag, Aloka and Hasari following, slipping and sliding on the rough ground with its puddles and sewage.
64) 0) text: The little procession arrives outside the three rough huts, made of bamboo, plastic sheeting, cloth, wood and cardboard. A few shadows materialize. Lepers -- staring silently. Anouar points into a hut. Joan and Aloka precede Max inside. Max forgets to bend and bumps his head.
70) 0) text: The line is long. At this moment, Joan is checking a child's throat with a tongue-depressor. Aloka is walking beside her with a fistful of depressors and a bag for disposal. Hasari and Ram are getting ready to leave. Anouar appears at Joan's waist.
70) 1) dialog: Good morning, Joan Di. Dr. Loeb said many of us could be helped; that all it would take is money for medication. Anouar hands Joan some newspaper in which something is wrapped. Joan opens the paper. Inside is a good deal of money.
70) 2) dialog: Please buy the medication for us. If we cannot come here to receive it, perhaps Dr. Loeb would come to us.
70) 4) dialog: Then perhaps I am having visions. Anouar's focus is up the lane.   Joan follows his focus to:
74) 0) text: Sunil stands outside the clinic, rolling his sleeves down. Anouar waits at a polite distance. Exhausted but exhilarated, Max and Aloka emerge with an elderly woman patient, Max singing Chuck Berry to the woman's embar- rassed delight: "They're really rockin' in Boston, in Philadelphia, P.A..." Sunil looks at his American colleague, smiles a small smile.
74) 8) dialog: No, no, you know how patient we are. Eat, eat.
80) 0) text: Max's cigar. He sits slightly apart from Joan, Sunil, Aloka, Ram, Hasari, Selima, Margareta, Surya, SALADDIN, ASHISH and Shanta, Aristotle John, MEHBOUB, Anouar, and Said. Hasari is stretched out, Aloka rubbing his screaming legs. Throughout the following, their eyes meet and deflect...
80) 16) dialog: Even though I am invisible to some of you and I don't have a complete set of legs to stand on, I stand with the Doctor Big Brother. Maybe nature doesn't have a conscience or those with the power, but don't we? Said, the giant mute, mades an unintelligible sound in his throat, but clearly he's agreeing with Anouar.
82) 0) text: THROUGH the WHEELS we see Max come briskly out of the hotel carrying his doctor's bag. He's met by the sight of Hasari between the shafts of his rickshaw and Anouar and Meeta perched on the seat.
82) 2) dialog: Sshh! Doctor Big Brother, please, we are pretending not to be lepers.
82) 4) dialog: We've come to take you to the dispensary in grand style on this special day, haven't we, Hasari?
82) 8) dialog: Meeta's very excited by this ride through Calcutta. You see, she's never been sightseeing before. Meeta, of course, is blind.   Max, Hasari, Anouar laugh.
82) 13) dialog: Yes, yes, I know, thank you very much. As the rickshaw disappears into the sea of people and vehicles, we hear Anouar and Max LAUGHING.
84) 10) text: Hasari arrives with Max, Anouar, and Meeta.
104) 0) text: Max comes out with his last patient.   Anouar waits.
104) 1) dialog: Max Daddah, you are finished? (Max nods) Follow me. Anouar takes off down the lane and disappears quickly into a little building, Max following.
105) 0) text: Max follows Anouar past bubbling cauldrons and heaps of animal skins. The place stinks fiercely. Anouar and Max exit into...
123) 5) dialog: Even from my low vantage point, I know this: It's the son. He's mad.
130) 0) text: Hasari is locking his rickshaw into the shed. Staff and several patients come out of the examining rooms -- Joan, Aloka, Sunil, Anouar, Poomina. Margareta and her students, a new teacher, Bandona, her students come out o the classrooms... They're all swept up in dancing, Joan's metal cross jumping about as if it were beating out time. From his balcony, Max emerges with his trumpet and plays the first bars of "Singin' In the Rain." Everyone looks his way; he begins to hum and sing as he jumps over the balcony to the ground and takes off in a wild, impro- vished, but damn good version of Gene Kelly's dance in the rain, bringing Anouar on his cart in as his dancing partner. Everyone in the courtyard crowds around them, laughing and encouraging the dancer/singers on. The number builds to an extraordinary climax with Max sliding through mud to an exquisite finish at Joan's feet. There's thunderous applause.
131) 0) text: Rain. Max, The Pals, Ram, Joan, Anouar, Meeta and the Baby, Poomina, Saladdin, Mehboub, Ashish, Shanta, Margareta, Bandona, and the other members of the commit- tee sharing a meal.
141) 0) text: The rain continues, as does the work in the clinic. Max is working on Anouar, Aloka assisting. Meeta and the baby (now 6 months old) in the b.g.
141) 1) dialog: I think Aloka would have a gentler touch than you, Max Daddah. Maybe she should perform this surgery on her own. Aloka ducks her eyes, embarrassed.
141) 3) dialog: Yes, but given a choice between one and none, I will accept the one. Max lifts Anouar off the table and places him on his cart.
149) 5) dialog: Max Daddah!
150) 0) text: Hasari pulling the lead rickshaw. Anouar on Max's shoulders, the two of them leading a terrible ensemble version of "Hound Dog." An air of festivity among lepers and rescuers. They come to a bridge made of two planks over rushing water.
151) 0) text: We PAN ACROSS members of our group -- lepers and normals -- passing bowls of rice in a simple communal meal, Singing a religious song quietly. On the floor in the b.g., Anouar is writing something on a slightly damp stretch of cloth with a child's crayon. Said takes the cloth and tacks it to the wall. What Anouar has written is this, "All that is not given is lost." Everyone in the room stares at the words.