50) 0) text: The three men enter a large room shuttered from the sun- light -- dusty and packed with a ramshackle assortment of furniture. Two fat blue titmice perch in a cage next to ambitious plaster portrait of Napolean. Sitting behind a desk is Ashoka, leaning over a mirror, squeezing a balky pimple. Near a large window, his 60-year-old father, GHATAK, in a European jacket and dhoti, works with intense concen- tration at repairing a pair of broken glasses with a twist of fine wire. The three new arrivals stand silent and respectful before the desk. At last, without raising his head...
50) 15) text: Behind him, The Godfather walks up to the desk, putting his glasses on. He barely glances at his son, but waves him out of the chair. Ashoka doesn't like it, but he steps aside. As he does, he turns a look of hatred on Hasari. Through no fault of his own, Hasari has made an enemy. Ghatak chews on a pan and casts a benevolent eye on Hasari.
50) 16) dialog: Lift your longhi. Hasari does.    The Godfather looks at his legs and thigh
50) 17) dialog: The wise men of our nation say that nirvana is the attainment of a state of supreme detachment. For me, nirvana is counting each evening, one by one, the rupees earned by my two thousand and forty-six rickshaws. Hasari doesn't know whether to respond. A glance at Ram tells him not to. Ghatak gestures for Hasari to lower his longhi.
50) 18) dialog: You are with family?
50) 20) dialog: And they must eat, heh. The world is full of open mouths. He chews on this a moment, then opens a drawer... and holds a small, tinkling rickshaw bell toward Hasari. Hasari understands that, incredibly, he has a job. His breath is so shallow, he can barely utter his gratitude. He takes the bell.
50) 22) dialog: Stay loyal. These days, it's a crop nobody plants. The Godfather turns his beatific and Godlike smile on Hasari Pal.
75) 0) text: The MUSIC is of days gone by, playing on an old RADIO. Sticks of burning incense send off trails of smoke. The godfather, MR. GHATAK, Looking infirm, wipes a tear from his eye.
75) 1) dialog: Acha! Now we see   Max and Joan seated on cushions before the godfather,   tea in hand. Max catches a glimpse in an anteroom of   several thugs with several young girls, one of whom is   Poomina. She catches a glimpse of Max as she disappears   past a door. A moment later, her head peeks around the   door frame. She brings her hands together.
75) 3) dialog: I understand that you're interested in expanding your clinic and free school, and that you intend to start treating lepers in the City of Joy.
75) 8) dialog: Of course. That's very good. Admirable. And we'd be pleased to rent you suitable space. But you must understand that certain payments will go up.
75) 10) dialog: More people, more potential trouble. Strangers. If I don't charge you, what will I tell others?
75) 12) dialog: Surely if you can expand, you can pay more. Joan throws up her hands -- how do you reason with this man?
75) 14) dialog: We live in chaotic times, Miss Bethel, Doctor. I control the City of Joy and maintain it as a model of harmony. It's a miracle, but a very fragile miracle.
75) 16) dialog: I admire your courage in choosing to work in such a violent place, Miss Bethel.
75) 21) dialog: Your neighbors in the City of Joy, they're not educated, they're given to violence, to meanness, I can promise you they won't like having lepers among them, but because they know you're under my protection... He dispatches a globule of spit into the copper urn next to his right toe... and tries to get to his feet. The Goonda hurries forward to help him.
75) 22) dialog: Doctor, do you like our music?
75) 24) dialog: It's difficult to appreciate what we don't understand, isn't it? Let me put it another way: The world is a terrible place. Only the ruthless prevail. My son will make the arrangements with you. One of the thugs helps the godfather outside, where, in the b.g., we see him listening to his music and pottering in his garden. As Max and Joan turn, Max finds himself face to face with Ashoka, who wears Max's necklace and chai. There's a long pause as the two of them take the other's measure.
125) 0) text: Ghatak is literally carried out of the house by an orderly and placed into his car. There's a driver and there is the Goonda. They start down the street. We're WITH the car. Suddenly, the driver slams on the brakes and from:
125) 3) dialog: Wait. The Goonda backs off. The Godfather waves Hasari and Max close. Hasari brings his gleaming rickshaw to the window of the car, Max at his shoulder.
125) 5) dialog: Acha! They take me now to the scientists. They stick needles in me, take pictures of my insides, study them, and then tell me what I know.
125) 10) dialog: It is very beautiful.
125) 12) dialog: If I may say, it has an allure.
125) 14) dialog: The world is chaos. We struggle to build something permanent, then our bodies betray us, our sons betray us. (to Hasari now) Yes, you may take your rickshaw out. If you can face up to my son. The Goonda gets back into the car and the car pulls away and we are left with Hasari and Max as moment. EXT. SKELETON WAREHOUSE (MITRA &amp; CO) - DAY Hasari enters.