44) 0) text: Max sings "Take It to the Limit" with enormous inebriated sincerity as Poomina helps him out of the bar. There's a big black motorcycle parked outside. Max glances at it as they start down the alley. As he looks back to the road ahead, he finds The Goonda in front of him. Max isn't so drunk that he doesn't sense what this is about. He looks behind him. Indeed, the other two goons are there. Ashoka straddles the big cycle.
49) 0) text: At first all we see are feet on a marble floor. The Goonda's in his running shoes, then Ram and Hasari's bare feet. This is the partitioned splendor of an old house sprinkled with the relics of a grand colonial past. Everything is baroque, rotting and somehow impressive. Hasari has never been anywhere like this, and is caught between curiosity and fear of breathing.
50) 7) dialog: They've brought a small present -- of respect. The Goonda places a small bundle of rupees on the desk. Ashoka allows himself a disinterested glance at Hasari.
72) 7) text: Ashoka, with The Goonda and two henchmen, in the b.g.
78) 0) text: The three kids in the rickshaw. An ambassador car swerves in front of Hasari, forcing him to jam to a stop, jolting the kids. The Goonda sits in the back seat with Ashoka, who carves his fingernails with a switchblade knife. He crooks a finger at Hasari. Hasari leans close and Ashoka takes him by the ear.
84) 6) dialog: Good morning, Sister to the poor.
84) 8) dialog: Those people aren't coming into this neighborhood.
84) 13) text: Max (with Hasari in the b.g., confused, conficted).   Max slings the Goonda against the side of a truck.
84) 14) dialog: That was a mistake, Doctor.
113) 2) dialog: Time to collect the rent, Sister.
125) 0) text: Ghatak is literally carried out of the house by an orderly and placed into his car. There's a driver and there is the Goonda. They start down the street. We're WITH the car. Suddenly, the driver slams on the brakes and from:
125) 1) text: We see Hasari and Max blocking the street with the new rickshaw. The Goonda jumps out of the car, comes threateningly at Hasari.
128) 0) text: Birds flying  below ceiling. The room has a barred cage running all  around its edge; the cage is filled to near overflowing.   Hasari stands before the JUDGE, his face covered with  blood, his body a mass of aches and welts. At the back  of the room, Max and Aloka; elsewhere, Ashoka, the  Goonda, and several of his thugs.
156) 27) dialog: You won't be bothered again. A look from the Goonda and the Thugs vanish, leaving Ashoka cowering in a doorway on his knees.