46) 1) text: The crucifix sways. Now Max's eyes RACK FOCUS TO the cherubic face of JOAN BETHAL, peering AT the CAMERA without sympathy.
46) 2) text: Max on a cot in a tiny, spare room, a butterfly bandage under one eye. Joan, Irish, short, stout, hovers over him. Behind her, Hasari Pal.
46) 3) dialog: Good morning, junior, welcome to our country. Max manages to sit up.   Wishes he hadn't.
46) 5) dialog: You're in the City of Joy.
46) 7) dialog: Oh, now we require that each visitor decide that for himself. This gentleman and a young lady brought you here.
46) 13) dialog: I would have to inspect it more closely, but I believe that was one of our economy-size rats. Max clambers for the door.        Too late, Joan thinks t say...
46) 14) dialog: Watch your -- Max cracks his head on the door frame.
47) 8) dialog: Oh no, I'm a corporate executive. Doctor arrives at half seven, but only three days a week.
47) 12) dialog: Ah, yes.   I take it you didn't find it.
47) 14) dialog: What do you do in America? Max is slow to answer.   Discreetly, Hasari hangs back, listens.
47) 15) dialog: Oh, how exciting. Must be something illegal. Are you a criminal of some sort?
47) 17) dialog: I see. How long are you here? Perhaps I could recruit you for --
47) 22) dialog: How very distressing.     Why's that?
47) 24) dialog: I can't imagine ever divining how to collect, but there are a few of us Indians, you know, who believe the tourist trade ought to be encouraged. Max turns to Hasari. Hasari is incredibly shy, can barely meet Max's eyes.
47) 27) dialog: I'm afraid they cleaned you out. Ram, here's your first rider. (to Max) Take this. She holds out several rupees toward him.      All eyes on them.
47) 28) dialog: Go on, it's all right.     You'll owe me two.
52) 0) text: We hear the BELL TINKLING as the rickshaw, pulled by Hasari, carrying Ram and Aloka (holding Shambu) arrives (Amrita and Manooj trotting beside their father). Surya, Selima, other neighbors greet them as they come. The Pals glance into the school at Joan, who's teaching an evening class.
60) 10) dialog: Well, all right, junior, so you'll owe me three.
62) 0) text: Surya plays his zither. Max and Joan sit at a table. Max pops little boiled candies into his mouth from a dish on the table.
62) 1) dialog: Oh, it was just a whim in the beginning really -- to try to convince them not to be so bloody passive, that they could pull themselves up on their own. I get a little money from a Swiss organization. Now it's become a bit more than I can manage.
62) 3) dialog: We just need a few more hands on this little life raft we've set afloat here.
62) 7) dialog: You know what I've come to think in my middle age, Max?
62) 9) dialog: There are really only three actions open to a person.
62) 11) dialog: To run, to spectate, to commit. Max peers at her a moment, then around the square.
62) 13) dialog: Charity! It's not charity, dear child, it's love. You're very badly twisted around, aren't you?
62) 18) dialog: Good night, God bless, Doctor. (a beat) Generous young man.
62) 57) dialog: It was Poomina who brought you to us. She has herself and her sister to support. It's all right, Poomina. Anouar, what is it? She moves to them.   They're all three badly out of breat
62) 60) dialog: Dr. Sunil isn't here.
62) 62) text: Joan turns to Max, who hasn't heard the exchange.
62) 63) dialog: Max, I wouldn't ask, but it's an emergency. A pregnancy gone awry. It's a leper. Could you have a look? Max is clearly thrown by the sight of the lepers.
62) 65) dialog: Good Christ, son, because she's a leper doesn't mean she's not built like a woman!
62) 67) dialog: It's too far.
62) 73) dialog: Oh nonsense!    It's not contagious! A beat -- everyone fixed on Max.
63) 0) text: The moon reflects off the dark puddles of muddy water that line the side of the railway tracks. Anouar propels his board with astonishing agility along the path, Said and Poomina running with him. Max, Joan, carrying a first aid bag, Aloka and Hasari following, slipping and sliding on the rough ground with its puddles and sewage.
64) 0) text: The little procession arrives outside the three rough huts, made of bamboo, plastic sheeting, cloth, wood and cardboard. A few shadows materialize. Lepers -- staring silently. Anouar points into a hut. Joan and Aloka precede Max inside. Max forgets to bend and bumps his head.
66) 0) text: Max, Joan, Aloka and Hasari walk in silence down Nizamudh Lane. There is only the mingled  sound of COUGHING, MOANING, and a TRANSISTOR RADIO nearby playing a popular song. Outside the clinic, they  stop. She takes his hand.
66) 1) dialog: For a non-practicing doctor, that was pretty practiced.
66) 3) dialog: Max, please, won't you change your mind? We desperately need another doctor. Full-time. Think about it -- just give us a couple of months.
66) 5) dialog: Then what do you want? What are you going to be when you grow up? Good night, Aloka, Hasari. Joan goes inside, leaving Max, Aloka, and a very uncom- fortable Hasari alone a moment.
67) 0) text: Max hears Joan praying inside.
67) 1) dialog: Jesus, my brother, you who I am trying to believe are the light and salvation of the puking world ...
67) 3) dialog: Please see that we are living in madness and darkness here...
67) 5) dialog: ... and we need help. Om, Jesus, om and amen. Suddenly, he hurtles into motion. He runs down the alley, his stride stretching out, swallowing up the distance between here and the world beyond the City of Joy in great gulps.
70) 0) text: The line is long. At this moment, Joan is checking a child's throat with a tongue-depressor. Aloka is walking beside her with a fistful of depressors and a bag for disposal. Hasari and Ram are getting ready to leave. Anouar appears at Joan's waist.
70) 3) dialog: I'll be happy to buy the medication, but Dr. Loeb is not part of this endeavor, Anouar; there is only his cherished memory.
70) 9) dialog: Well, well, well, I do so love to be surprised.
70) 12) dialog: Max, knock it off, give us a bit of hush. (as he does)
70) 15) dialog: And I'm a bloody bathing beauty.
70) 17) dialog: Smart girl... So how long am I stuck with you?
70) 22) dialog: Not worth the aggravation of your prattle every day. Six months -- and not a day less.
70) 24) dialog: Two months -- and that's my final offer.
70) 27) dialog: Jesus and Mary. The Lone Ranger rides again. And now smiles creep onto all their faces as Max goes inside, followed by Joan... and then Aloka -- after she looks at Hasari, gets his nod of encouragement. Too late, Joan says...
70) 28) dialog: Watch your -- Thud!
74) 11) dialog: Well, I think we've got three very good potential scholars here. Behind the children's backs, she points at Manooj and indicates the kid's really got a head.
74) 12) dialog: Given him some time here, he'll be good enough for a proper school.
75) 4) dialog: We'd like to better serve the entire community, Mr. Ghatak.
75) 9) dialog: I understand the rent would have to go up if we rent larger quarters from you, Mr. Ghatak, but why should we have to pay more protection?
75) 11) dialog: But we can't afford it!
75) 27) dialog: If we pay you that, we won't have any money for supplies.
76) 0) text: Joan is furious.
76) 1) dialog: Have you gone right off your rocker!? These people don't have a sense of humor. Are you trying to get yourself killed?
76) 3) dialog: Stop it, you... you... you nudnick! He doesn't stop, and as she storms off down the street, he stays right on her, tickling away.
80) 0) text: Max's cigar. He sits slightly apart from Joan, Sunil, Aloka, Ram, Hasari, Selima, Margareta, Surya, SALADDIN, ASHISH and Shanta, Aristotle John, MEHBOUB, Anouar, and Said. Hasari is stretched out, Aloka rubbing his screaming legs. Throughout the following, their eyes meet and deflect...
80) 24) dialog: Well, I think Max has hit on the heart of what we're trying to build here: a self-help society. Each of us has to decide for himself. As for me, I suppose I think, really, that if the bastards are going to suck us dry, I'd like to get in a couple of good left- handers before I turn the other cheek.
84) 7) dialog: Yes, Mr. Bhose?
84) 9) dialog: They are going to be treated at the dispensary. You have no right to stop them.
84) 11) dialog: Go ahead, Aloka, take them inside. The Goonda puts his hand on Aloka.   The policeman in the b.g. keep their distance.
84) 12) dialog: Take your hands off her, you waster! Joan is seized by a sudden fury and grabs the Goonda. He grabs her much harder. Said growls and pushes forward. Several thugs turn, step in to neutralize him. Joan elbows the Goonda and tires to westle free of him. As a reflex he raises his hand. And as he does, it's seized.
84) 21) text: Ashoka astride his motorcycle, behind his dark glasses, with more thugs, these with Molotov cocktails and pick- axes, ready to raze the clinic and school and the surrounding neighborhood. Sunil drags Mehboub inside. People chant: "White Monkeys, go home! White Monkeys, go home! No lepers here! No lepers here!" The thugs cock their iron bars and bricks and Molotov cocktails. Max picks up an iron bar of his own and starts for Ashoka. Suddenly, there's a DETONATION followed by a BLAST of air so fierce, Max is thrown to the ground. A bottle of GASOLINE has EXPLODED just behind him. He's enveloped in smoke. An assailant bears down on Joan with a cutlass. As the assailant is about to strike, Hasari seizes the attacker and hurls him backward. Ashish steps in and slashes the assailant with his own weapon, startling, even repelling Hasari. From all over   the lane, young fighters have come and jo the fray, not   bothering to choose sides but merely enjo the release.    Hasari lunges for a woman under attack by boy, arriving   too late to stop the boy from plunging hi knife into the   woman's belly. Hasari fights his way to the woman, but   she staggers into the mob. Max knocks down one of the thugs only to have  another ha grasp his shoulder. He turns, fist cocked to   find Poomi her hands holding her face together. Slowly,   she takes hands away. The sides of her face have been   laid open. Max sweeps her up in his arms, heads for the  clinic.
84) 23) dialog: We'll pay! All right then, so by all means, protect us! Ashoka raises a hand,   The Goonda blows a whistle, and the fighting stops as   suddenly as it began. The com- batants are breathing   heavily. There is silence but for the groans and cries   of the wounded and grieving.
86) 3) dialog: I'll try.
89) 0) text: Flickering candlelight illuminates the "Raft of Medusa." Max rails at Joan.
89) 2) dialog: Not everyone's cut out for this. You did the best you could. Better than many. It's all right.
89) 7) dialog: (a beat) You know, the fact is from the minute we're born we're shipwrecked. Some see that as a lifetime of drowning, of fear, others only to endure, but to triumph. It's all in the individual spirit, isn't it?
89) 9) dialog: Then, by all means, go home, Max, and go with my blessing and my eternal friendship. The candlelight flickers against them as they sit side by side. Neither speaks.
97) 0) text: Heat haze on the road. As we FOCUS, we FIND Max, Joan, Aloka, also with their thoughts. Joan gazes out the window of the taxi. Max looks at the back of Joan's head a moment, then looks at Aloka, who sits between them. She deflects his eyes forward.
97) 1) dialog: Hasari has forbid her to have anything more to do with us. He'd be very angry if he knew she was seeing you off. Max looks at Joan.   Looks out the window.
99) 1) dialog: It's not like  he's royalty or anything, so  I'm not persuaded we have to wait  for the plane to actually take  off.
113) 0) text: FROM BEHIND, we watch Max take a wrapping off of Poomina's wound, Joan assisting him. Indeed, Ashoka extended Poomina's smile on either side of her mouth. The scars are healing as nicely as could be expected. Max did a fine job.
113) 3) dialog: Of course.     Come with me, please. Joan leaves, followed by The Goonda. Max works care- fully at the fine line of scabbing on Poomina's scar... but then something takes his attention.
118) 0) text: Manooj runs   ahead of everyone as he charges into Ram's hut, crying   for his father. Behind Manooj come the others, Max   carrying Shambu in his arms. Hasari and Aloka, Ram,   Joan, others in the square hurtle out of their huts.
118) 2) dialog: You'll never get a taxi at this hour.
123) 4) dialog: I don't think it was an accident. I think they were aiming for Max. So, what we have to ask ourselves is whether his presence is endangering all of us.
130) 0) text: Hasari is locking his rickshaw into the shed. Staff and several patients come out of the examining rooms -- Joan, Aloka, Sunil, Anouar, Poomina. Margareta and her students, a new teacher, Bandona, her students come out o the classrooms... They're all swept up in dancing, Joan's metal cross jumping about as if it were beating out time. From his balcony, Max emerges with his trumpet and plays the first bars of "Singin' In the Rain." Everyone looks his way; he begins to hum and sing as he jumps over the balcony to the ground and takes off in a wild, impro- vished, but damn good version of Gene Kelly's dance in the rain, bringing Anouar on his cart in as his dancing partner. Everyone in the courtyard crowds around them, laughing and encouraging the dancer/singers on. The number builds to an extraordinary climax with Max sliding through mud to an exquisite finish at Joan's feet. There's thunderous applause.
131) 0) text: Rain. Max, The Pals, Ram, Joan, Anouar, Meeta and the Baby, Poomina, Saladdin, Mehboub, Ashish, Shanta, Margareta, Bandona, and the other members of the commit- tee sharing a meal.
134) 0) text: He bangs on Joan's door. She opens the door in her Indian pajamas. One look at him...
134) 1) dialog: What's happened?
138) 0) text: Water pouring off the room into the courtyard. Hasari locks his rickshaw into the shed and turns out, attention to Max, Aloka, Joan, Poomina, Margareta, Mehboub, several others trying to patch leaking roof tiles and keep supplies high and dry.
146) 0) text: Max, Joan, Aristotle John, Margareta, Mehboub, perhaps a dozen others trying to raise the level of the low wall at the entrance with bricks. The wall caves in. Other people in the neighborhood rush to rebuild it.
146) 7) dialog: I hate to admit it, junior, but that was actually quite witty. She whacks him on the shoulder with a wet, muddy paw.
146) 8) dialog: Ut-nobody laugh; it's a natural disaster -- we have guests. Everyone turns to...
152) 0) text: Max opens his eyes to find Joan, Hasari, Aloka, and the children keeping a vigil.
152) 2) dialog: Sshh, sshh, sshh! No heroics, junior. Lay back. You're all right.
161) 0) text: The procession to the courtyard begins when a BRASS BAND strikes up, accompanied by singing and shouting. Tiny lights have been strung over the street. We see Max and Manubai. Margareta and a group of children. Joan with Poomina. Anour, Meeta, Said. Everyone who's become part of the family is present.