80) 0) text: Max's cigar. He sits slightly apart from Joan, Sunil, Aloka, Ram, Hasari, Selima, Margareta, Surya, SALADDIN, ASHISH and Shanta, Aristotle John, MEHBOUB, Anouar, and Said. Hasari is stretched out, Aloka rubbing his screaming legs. Throughout the following, their eyes meet and deflect...
80) 20) dialog: I agree with Anouar and Max Daddah. I think it's worth the chance. Silence... until Aloka and Hasari's meet again and, out of his terrible fear and conflict, he says very shyly...
83) 0) text: Margareta, Manooj, Shambu, Shoba, several other kids and, at the end of the line, Poomina, all carrying water on their heads toward the City of Joy. Suddenly, someone whispers to Poomina. One of Ashoka's thugs. She glances after Margareta and the other kids who are turning a corner and steps into:
130) 0) text: Hasari is locking his rickshaw into the shed. Staff and several patients come out of the examining rooms -- Joan, Aloka, Sunil, Anouar, Poomina. Margareta and her students, a new teacher, Bandona, her students come out o the classrooms... They're all swept up in dancing, Joan's metal cross jumping about as if it were beating out time. From his balcony, Max emerges with his trumpet and plays the first bars of "Singin' In the Rain." Everyone looks his way; he begins to hum and sing as he jumps over the balcony to the ground and takes off in a wild, impro- vished, but damn good version of Gene Kelly's dance in the rain, bringing Anouar on his cart in as his dancing partner. Everyone in the courtyard crowds around them, laughing and encouraging the dancer/singers on. The number builds to an extraordinary climax with Max sliding through mud to an exquisite finish at Joan's feet. There's thunderous applause.
131) 0) text: Rain. Max, The Pals, Ram, Joan, Anouar, Meeta and the Baby, Poomina, Saladdin, Mehboub, Ashish, Shanta, Margareta, Bandona, and the other members of the commit- tee sharing a meal.
138) 0) text: Water pouring off the room into the courtyard. Hasari locks his rickshaw into the shed and turns out, attention to Max, Aloka, Joan, Poomina, Margareta, Mehboub, several others trying to patch leaking roof tiles and keep supplies high and dry.
146) 0) text: Max, Joan, Aristotle John, Margareta, Mehboub, perhaps a dozen others trying to raise the level of the low wall at the entrance with bricks. The wall caves in. Other people in the neighborhood rush to rebuild it.
146) 5) dialog: What's that, Doctor Big Brother?
161) 0) text: The procession to the courtyard begins when a BRASS BAND strikes up, accompanied by singing and shouting. Tiny lights have been strung over the street. We see Max and Manubai. Margareta and a group of children. Joan with Poomina. Anour, Meeta, Said. Everyone who's become part of the family is present.