4) 4) dialog: Get serious. Around him, other single eyes pop open, searching for the source of this unmeditative sound. Max nods and smiles a wry smile as if to say: This just ain't doin' it for me, folks.
5) 0) text: Max closes the trumpet case and starts chucking his clothes and books in a knapsack and a small valise. We notice the Hebrew letter chai on a gold chain around his neck. His girl friend, BETSY KAHN, overdressed somewhat in an Indian style, endeavors to exercise the inner peace she's been pursuing...
5) 2) dialog: Only what    they promise in the brochure:     Inner peace, serenity, and a nice    chant that gets rid of this rock    in my gut. E.S.T., they do you in    a weekend.
5) 8) dialog: Impossible to predict, Betsy Ilene Kahn. Maybe you better give me my ticket.
5) 10) dialog: I think only you can answer that, Betsy Ilene Kahn. She slaps him.
5) 11) dialog: Do you really think that's an appropriate way to get rid of your Western rage, Bets? She swings at him again.   He catches her hand hard in hi fist.
5) 12) dialog: One slap is romantic. Two would call for retaliation... Lend me a hundred dollars. She yanks free, begins to chant her mantra as he grabs his knapsack and valise and goes out the door.  Now, she's silent and, in the simplest sense, deeply hurt. She can't help herself; she cares. We STAY WITH  her a moment as we --
6) 0) text: Cool, lush hills. A little pack of single-engine two- and four-seaters. Max, in shorts and University of Miami T-shirt, hot, sweaty, appears around a bend in the approach road.
7) 0) text: A small service desk. A CLERK, who doubles as Ground Control on the microphone, passing on the prevailing wind and the active runway. We hear the STATIC-BACKED VOICE of a PILOT, giving his call numbers, then announcing he's clear for immediate takeoff on the active runway. The Clerk CLICKS off and finds Max.
7) 4) dialog: How you doin'? The Clerk gives Max a warm smile.
7) 6) dialog: I've always wanted to walk into a little airport just about like this one and ask the guy at the counter the following question. Ready? The Clerk nods; he's at Max's ervice.
7) 7) dialog: When's the next flight to anywhere?
8) 3) dialog: I'm wanting to go wherever you're wanting to take me.
9) 0) text: Max is crammed into the back seat with the plump Ravi.
9) 4) dialog: Unattached trumpet player and recently-certified associate guru. As he takes a hit   on   the flask, Max's eye focuses on little mirror on   the   dash. In it he can see Manubai's eyes. If we  were   to   judge by what he sees in them, s doesn't find him   the   least bit amusing. He smiles his smile at her.
14) 0) text: Ravi and Veejay leading Max up the grand staircase, Manubai in the foyer, looking after them.
15) 5) dialog: He lies down on the bed.   He's found Nirvana.
20) 0) text: Moving through the dark, a figure, touching things, looking at photographs of the Chattergees. We hear a MUFFLED DIALOGUE mixed with the SINGING a la Dean Martin of "Everybody Loves Somebody Sometime": "Goddamn it, boy, what's the matter with you? -- "Everybody loves somebody sometime" -- "Go for it, son!" -- "Sure, Dad, whatever you say, Dad." -- "Everybody falls in love somehow" -- "You're the dad, Dad." Now, a humidor. Max opens it, takes out a cigar, takes two. Takes five. Senses someone. Turns.
20) 3) dialog: I'm starving. He gives her his best saint's smile.
21) 0) text: THROUGH the window, we see the bleary-eyed cook laying out food as Ravi chatters away at Max, he with a beatific grin on his face as he feeds himself.
25) 0) text: In the moving mirror we see counters and shelves of men's clothing. The mirror stops at Max slipping into a kurta before an audience of Ravi, Manubai, and a salesman.
26) 1) dialog: You sure I look all right? The little boy nods. Max slips him several rupees... and he, Manubai, and Ravi fold themselves into her tiny car as --
28) 0) text: Manubai's face.   Then Max's.   Then hers.    Then his. Looking at each other.   Five days.   Kiss.    Ravi.
28) 1) dialog: I said you have three days to get me into bed, and I'm betting you can't do it.
28) 6) dialog: Well, gee,    I don't know. Maybe I could say    something so amusing that you'd    laugh so hard it would break that    hot poker you have up your ass. She stares at him. He bends to kiss her. She doesn't pull away... but after a moment he realizes she isn't responding. He continues the kiss, but he opens his eyes... to find her staring at him. He pulls back. They stare at each other another moment, then Max senses someone in the doorway.
28) 8) dialog: The same sound of frustration and ennui he made in the ashram.
29) 0) text: His arm around Max, Veejay guides the young man toward a waiting taxi.
30) 2) text: Max is guided by a grumpy hall PORTER wearing an off- white shirt and bellbottoms through the walled and well planted courtyard of an inexpensive hotel. Max gives the cow a bemused eye...
31) 0) text: The room is utterly utilitarian. The Porter turns on a ceiling fan, sending an army of cockroaches scurrying for calmer terrain. Max clearly doesn't care for cockroaches.
31) 2) dialog: No fruit basket? No mini bar? Max hands the Porter several rupees.
35) 0) text: Max sits on the floor in a corner and plays as we hear the sound of a fierce WHISTLE and a SCREAMING ENGINE.
41) 0) text: Max lies on his messed bed, contorted, with his feet up over his head against the wall. A book lies open beside him. A half-eaten room service meal, many hours old, moulders on the bedside table. Max is babbling a mock sports case into his fist...
41) 1) dialog: They're in the shotgun. There's the snap from center, the clock is running -- five, four, three -- he has an open man at the Notre Dame twenty for the victory... and he freezes. He freezes! Mr. Choke chokes. The fans go -- A KNOCK at the door. Max shuts up, falls off the wall. He crosses to the door. Opens it. POOMINA is 16, beautiful and exotic-looking behind her excessive makeup.
41) 5) dialog: Got an I.D. on you? (she doesn't get it) How old are you?
41) 7) dialog: I buy that. She approaches him seductively.
41) 9) dialog: Hold it, time out. Time, there's time out on the field.
41) 11) dialog: Is problems, yeah, just a couple.
41) 13) dialog: How 'bout some chow? (she doesn't get it) I was just about to order some room service. Food. I call, they come, we eat. She stares at him.
42) 0) text: Max smokes a Monte  Cristo and watches Poomina, like a frightened little  animal, devour the last of a Green Acres room service  meal and then wrap a small piece of fish in the paper  napkin.
42) 5) dialog: Watching you eat was my great pleasure. Now you go home. As he escorts her toward the door, Poomina is distressed. Max realizes she can't leave empty-handed. He pulls out some notes.
42) 6) dialog: For you. She hasn't given up, though, and as he takes the money, she stands on tiptoe and kisses him. Torn, Max begins to respond. He stops  himself, his grip on her causing her discomfort. His  breath comes in little bursts.
42) 7) dialog: You're a very wet kisser. Work on it, get in touch in five years. He leads her toward the door. Like some lunatic comedy. she resists. He pushes. She locks her knees. He opens the door.
42) 8) dialog: Goddamn it, cut it out!   Now, good night. He muscles her out the  door, closes it, wipes his lips. He stares at a parade  of cockroaches gliding along the wall as he listens to  her CRYING quietly on the other side of the door. He   debates... and he loses. Opens the door. Poomina stands   there; the tears stop and a lip- twitching smile lights  her face.
42) 9) dialog: Five years already? Gee, time really flies when you have no moral conviction. She slides into his arms, pressing against him. With his shoulder, he closes the door, leaving us outside.
43) 4) dialog: Short guys!   Quit lookin' at us! This remark goes over big with the thugs. Max doesn't care. He knocks off the last of the beer in his bottle. The bartender brings them two shots of something in two unmatched glasses.
43) 6) dialog: For you, I would drink battery acid.
43) 9) dialog: I really don't think so -- oh no, nay, nay! I never lose the truly irrelevant contest.
44) 0) text: Max sings "Take It to the Limit" with enormous inebriated sincerity as Poomina helps him out of the bar. There's a big black motorcycle parked outside. Max glances at it as they start down the alley. As he looks back to the road ahead, he finds The Goonda in front of him. Max isn't so drunk that he doesn't sense what this is about. He looks behind him. Indeed, the other two goons are there. Ashoka straddles the big cycle.
44) 1) dialog: Well well. Seek punishment and ye shall find. Knowing what's  coming, Max nevertheless unleashes a beautiful howl  and tries to trample The Goonda off- tackle. From   behind, he's hit with a length of stick. He goes down,  looks up through blasted eyes at Ashoka as two sticks now  land against his shoulder and his head...
46) 1) text: The crucifix sways. Now Max's eyes RACK FOCUS TO the cherubic face of JOAN BETHAL, peering AT the CAMERA without sympathy.
46) 2) text: Max on a cot in a tiny, spare room, a butterfly bandage under one eye. Joan, Irish, short, stout, hovers over him. Behind her, Hasari Pal.
46) 4) dialog: Oh, I like the way the room moves in circles. (checking out his accommodations) I suppose I should inquire where I am.
46) 6) dialog: Is that geographic or spiritual?
46) 8) dialog: Did I do that to your nose? (as Hasari nods) I'm sorry.
46) 12) dialog: What was that -- a Shetland pony?
46) 15) dialog: Thanks -- got it. He ducks outside for some air.
47) 2) dialog: Pardon the expression, but Jesus H. Christ. From the tea shop, SURYA, a stout old Hindu man dressed in Western clothes, raises a hand in greeting to Joan. On the door Max and Joan have come through: "City of Joy Self Help School &amp; Clinic." Across the way, a young m is dandling a baby on his knee, rubbing its back and sniffing at its neck. Small group of children around a blackboard with a teacher, MARGARETA, doing numbers. RAM CHANDAR, the rickshaw puller, readies to go out to work. Trying to orient himself, Max turns...
47) 7) dialog: You a doctor?
47) 9) dialog: This is obviously one of those three days. JOAN
47) 11) dialog: I came to find my white light.
47) 13) dialog: Kept opening the doors and windows of my spirit, but couldn't see a goddamn thing.
47) 16) dialog: I suppose that depends how you define the word: I'm a doctor.
47) 18) dialog: Forget it. You've got your non- practicing Catholics. I'm a non- practicing doctor.
47) 23) dialog: Found out I just really don't like sick people. Well, I'm outta here. I owe you one.
47) 25) dialog: Thank you very much.     Let me... He goes for his money.
48) 0) text: Max in the rickshaw, Hasari running alongside Ram, an exuberant smile slashed across his face.
48) 7) dialog: Come on, give him a shot. He's as fast as you and looks twice as strong.
48) 9) dialog: Absolutely.    I trust the man. Suddenly, Ram comes to a stop.
48) 11) dialog: I hope you're taking something for that. Ram waves him off as Hasari lifts the shafts to his hips.
48) 18) dialog: I say he can do it. I'll bet you the fare he can do it. (play by play) What do you think, rickshaw fans, can he do it? The crowd isn't in for fun. Hasari strains forward. The rickshaw moves with him. Ram moves alongside, shouting instructions and oaths. A cop comes on the run, screaming at Hasai... which makes Ram importune more strongly and Max joke more vociferously. Even under this incredible pressue, Hasari gains confidence and begins to move quicker, earning shouts of approval from Max and Ram, who now has trouble keeping up as they make their way through the maelstrom, an avalanche of oaths following them.
54) 0) text: PAN DOWN TO Max on his balcony playing his trumpet as we continue to
59) 0) text: Max is trying to explain to the waiter what he wants.
59) 1) dialog: Beef. You know -- cow? Minced, little salt, pepper, slap it flat like this, throw it on the grill, flip it. Now, though, he just glimpses the shiny gas tank and engine of a motorcycle around the hip of the waiter. He leans out.
59) 4) dialog: Put it on the grill, I'll be right back.
59) 6) dialog: You know, I have to say you really don't look Jewish. I believe that's mine. He reaches for the necklace with the Hebrew letter. Ashoka recognizes Max. Looks around for help. There is none.
59) 8) dialog: Really? Max grabs Ashoka... who breaks free, and GUNS the CYCLE down a side street. Max gives chase, his aching ribs slowing him a bit.
59) 10) text: Ashoka, glancing back, begins to open up some distance. Yet, Max hangs tough, weaving like a broken field runner through the mass of bodies and vehicles. Now, suddenly, he loses Ashoka. He has to make a choice about this corner or that one. He chooses.
60) 1) dialog: Oh... great... good...good timing ...him! He can't talk and breathe. He points desperately. The Cop glances where Max points, but he makes no move to give chase.
60) 3) dialog: Passport? I'm in the middle of a high speed chase. That guy --
60) 5) dialog: It's in my hotel room.
60) 7) dialog: Ready my lips: I do not have my passport with me at this... (he gets it) Ah, I see, said the blind man. The Cop obviously is doing this at Ashoka's behest. Max starts around the Cop. The Cop, however, sticks his club in Max's face; there's fire in Max's eyes... but a hand takes the Cop's stick before Max can make a big mistake.
62) 0) text: Surya plays his zither. Max and Joan sit at a table. Max pops little boiled candies into his mouth from a dish on the table.
62) 2) dialog: It's got to be like trying to drill a hole in water, though.
62) 8) dialog: Nope, no, earthly idea. You're pretty much outta my league, thought-wise.
62) 10) dialog: Only three -- okay.   And what are they?
62) 12) dialog: Has it occurred to you that this obsession with charity is really a flaw in your character?
62) 14) dialog: One of us sure as hell is. The clinic's part-time doctor, SUNIL DASGUPTA, comes out of the clinic after a very long day.
62) 16) dialog: The same.
62) 24) dialog: No, I'm the visiting American soccer star, El Max.
62) 26) dialog: When I was your age -- two movies, plus cartoons every Saturday. Aloka and Amrita are cooking on an open fire bucket. Max almost knocks the fire over. Aloka looks at him, apolo- getic, shy... as Manooj knocks Shambu down at Max's feet. Max scoops the little boy up...
62) 27) dialog: There you go, little guy.    Ut -- what's this? Reaching behind Shambu's ear, Max produces a boiled sweet Aloka watches this with a smile; their eyes touch again.. as Manooj lets out a cry at the sight of their father.
62) 40) dialog: That's only 40 dollars, isn't it?
62) 45) dialog: I'll send it to you from America when I get home tomorrow.
62) 47) dialog: Repayment for punching you in the nose.
62) 50) dialog: I don't have a cent on me.   I'll owe you.
62) 62) text: Joan turns to Max, who hasn't heard the exchange.
62) 64) dialog: I don't have any experience with leprosy.
63) 0) text: The moon reflects off the dark puddles of muddy water that line the side of the railway tracks. Anouar propels his board with astonishing agility along the path, Said and Poomina running with him. Max, Joan, carrying a first aid bag, Aloka and Hasari following, slipping and sliding on the rough ground with its puddles and sewage.
64) 0) text: The little procession arrives outside the three rough huts, made of bamboo, plastic sheeting, cloth, wood and cardboard. A few shadows materialize. Lepers -- staring silently. Anouar points into a hut. Joan and Aloka precede Max inside. Max forgets to bend and bumps his head.
65) 5) dialog: (to Joan) Pull me two c.c.'s of Coramine. He nods at Aloka; she illuminates the scene.
65) 6) dialog: Uh-oh, uh-oh, who's this coming' down the lane? Why it's -- is it possible -- way over here, in India -- yes, it's Mr. Choke. He comes to a stop. Everyone stares at him. Meeta moans. For a moment, he stays frozen. Aloka reaches out instinctively, wipes the sweat from his eyes. This gesture seems to free him; he looks at her, looks at the room and its expectant, trusting faces...
65) 7) dialog: I'm going to have to turn it -- the baby. Tell her she has to relax these muscles as much as she can. He doesn't finish the sentence. Aloka speaks softly to Meeta as Max takes Meeta's arm, makes a tourniquet. Joan hands him the syringe and he injects. Hands the syringe back to Joan and begins to work at turning the baby. Aloka takes Meeta's hand and it's a moment before we realize Aloka, with her fine hand, is holding Meeta's fingerless palm.
65) 11) dialog: Tell her again to breathe in short little bursts now. He demonstrates. Aloka does the same to Meeta. Meeta tries to cooperate. And suddenly Max has the baby turned.
65) 12) dialog: All right!   Now, tell her to push. Aloka translates. Meeta pushes.      The midwife, the lit girl, Aloka lean forward.
65) 13) dialog: Again.   Yes!   Again.   It's coming.
65) 16) dialog: I've got the head. Come on, little baby, come on, little baby. Be alive, be alive, be alive. Aloka wipes the sweat away again. He looks at her, his voice squeezed out through his teeth.
65) 17) dialog: We've got it, we've got it.     Yeah!
66) 0) text: Max, Joan, Aloka and Hasari walk in silence down Nizamudh Lane. There is only the mingled  sound of COUGHING, MOANING, and a TRANSISTOR RADIO nearby playing a popular song. Outside the clinic, they  stop. She takes his hand.
66) 2) dialog: Never been so scared in my life. It's a warm, open moment between them.   But now there's the ongoing desperation of her needs.
66) 4) dialog: Can't do it. Maybe you've got it in you to be a saint. I just don't.
66) 7) dialog: You could make a helluva nurse. A little smile comes over her face; no one's ever paid her that kind of compliment. She goes into Ram's hut, leaving Max and Hasari now.
67) 0) text: Max hears Joan praying inside.
67) 4) dialog: listens.
69) 0) text: It's a small place; it's sweltering, and it's packed with hundreds of families shoulder to shoulder. Though Betsy's trying to be discreet, it's not a very private place, as we see by the number of people watching Max and Betsy.
69) 2) dialog: But I want to go home with you.
69) 4) dialog: Yes.
69) 6) dialog: Good -- how -- name it.
69) 8) dialog: I would love to do    that, Betsy Ilene, boy would I    love to do just that, but I'm    financially embarrassed at the    --
69) 10) dialog: What credit cards? You know I maxed them before we left. Just lend me -- BETSY
69) 11) text: No! You won't pay me back; you never have. Oh, Max!
69) 12) dialog: They're calling our flight. I want to go home with you, Betsy Ilene Kahn. Because I have a vision. It's... He's trying to woo and charm her.    He mimes a kind of house shape.
69) 16) dialog: I see you and me, Betsy Ilene Kahn, nibbling toward each other through a quarter pounder with cheese, chugalugging a frosty light beer -- great taste! Less filling! Bowling! I want to go bowling, Besty Ilene Kahn! He fires a strike through the watching crowd.
69) 17) dialog: I want... Oh, my Lord Amighty, I want so many American things --
69) 19) dialog: Isn't that your name?
69) 21) dialog: What should I call you?   My girl, my significant other --
69) 23) dialog: You do -- so what?
69) 25) dialog: How could I possibly not understand a conversation as easy as this one, Betsy Ilene.
69) 27) dialog: Na ya don't.
69) 32) dialog: I know.
69) 34) dialog: You did.
69) 38) dialog: Will you at least call my mother and ask her to empty my savings account and wire --
69) 43) dialog: Guerilla theater, folks. 'All the world's a stage.'  Don't know if that word reached you here yet. If you'd care to show your appreciation by a small donation... Many smiles... and several instant offers of rupees. beat, then...
69) 44) dialog: Aw, what the hell. ... Swallowing his incredible embarrassment, Max takes the money.
70) 6) text: Max approaches. A buzz    about Max's heroics; hands comi together. Max raises a    hand in benediction, makes the sign of the cross. Max    claps Hasari on the shoulder; Hasari brings his hands   together and gives Max a genuinely pleased smile.    Children circle and touch him Manooj and Shambu among   them.
70) 8) dialog: Good morning! Good morning! Heckuva morning! Getting ready to practice medicine without a license, Sister Joan? You don't see me soliciting conversions, do you?
70) 10) dialog: Okay, for starters, pick me out someone with something easy I can heal, make me look good. (to Aloka)
70) 14) dialog: I changed my mind.
70) 16) dialog: Okay, so I got left.
70) 18) dialog: Two weeks -- or until Mom sends me a ticket.
70) 23) dialog: No way. Six weeks -- and that's my best offer.
70) 25) dialog: (a beat)
70) 29) dialog: Thanks -- got it. The children titter. The teacher, Margareta, admonishes them to pay attention and be polite... as we --
73) 0) text: Max with his stethoscope to Meeta's baby. Meeta in a brightly-colored sari and a lot of bracelets and Aloka looks on. Poomina clings to the wall.
73) 4) dialog: He's just malnourished. Is she giving him the milk we gave her or selling it? Aloka asks Meeta in Hindi. Meeta clearly swears she's giving the baby the milk. Aloka pushes her.
73) 6) dialog: Tell her to give all the milk to the baby. Aloka does so as Max bounces the baby, coos to it play- fully. The baby pees all over him. Aloka translates quickly. Meeta starts apologizing. Poomina can't help laughing. Max reminds Meeta that that's once for each of the two weeks of the baby's life. Aloka soothes Meeta as she hustles her, Poomina, and the baby out, then quickly begins to wipe Max's face with a clean rag. This isn't something she's accustomed to doing, but she's doing it before she has time to think. Max finds himself conscious of her closeness to him... and then she becomes suddenly self-conscious and she backs off, ducks her head. He peeks up under.
73) 7) dialog: Psst. She looks at him.
73) 8) dialog: It's okay. He smiles.   So does she.
74) 0) text: Sunil stands outside the clinic, rolling his sleeves down. Anouar waits at a polite distance. Exhausted but exhilarated, Max and Aloka emerge with an elderly woman patient, Max singing Chuck Berry to the woman's embar- rassed delight: "They're really rockin' in Boston, in Philadelphia, P.A..." Sunil looks at his American colleague, smiles a small smile.
74) 2) dialog: Good night, Sunil.
74) 7) dialog: Wish I could, Selima,  because I'm sure hungry! Sixteen   hours of pestilence and misery  always make me famished. I have   to go with my man Anouar tonight.   I've got lepers to heal!
74) 9) dialog: (to Aloka) You're not tired, are you?
74) 17) dialog: Fifteen years from now: Miami, Florida, Dr. Manooj Pal, in association with Dr. Maxwell Loeb. For a moment, Hasari is swept up in this little reverie, then remembers reality.
75) 13) dialog: Am I stupid, but isn't this protection money money we're paying you to protect us from you?
75) 15) dialog: And how are we threatening your miracle?
75) 23) dialog: Well, I can't say I've developed a craving for it yet.
75) 25) dialog: (to Ashoka) I like your taste in neckwear. Joan puts a cautioning hand on Max's arm. Ashoka seems just the slight bit uneasy dealing with Max and so keeps trying to direct himself to Joan. He smokes a long Indian cigarette.
75) 32) dialog: I think I see a solution. May I? What if we were to work out a profit-sharing arrangement? We give you a share of our net profit.
75) 34) dialog: Beats the hell outta me, asshole. But you've obviously found a way. The question would seem to be whether Ashoka will have Max killed here or outside the house. His eyes on Max, Ashoka puts the cigarette out against the back of his hand... and smiles at Max.
76) 2) dialog: I don't think so... but with me, any duplicity is possible. He tickles her; she knocks his hands away; he tickles her again.
80) 0) text: Max's cigar. He sits slightly apart from Joan, Sunil, Aloka, Ram, Hasari, Selima, Margareta, Surya, SALADDIN, ASHISH and Shanta, Aristotle John, MEHBOUB, Anouar, and Said. Hasari is stretched out, Aloka rubbing his screaming legs. Throughout the following, their eyes meet and deflect...
80) 6) dialog: How the hell do you proceed with caution against these people? You can't. You have to risk everything.
80) 11) dialog: You try to negotiate with these people, you make compromises with them, they'll eat you alive. Stand up against them now and they'll fold. I guarantee it. Underneath, they're cowards, they got no guts. We show them we're strong and the'll just move on to easier pickings.
80) 15) dialog: I'm not wrong. You bow your heads, you plead with your Gods to do what you won't do yourselves. You put up with this nightmare as if there were no choice. I'm telling you, if you don't stand up to that little pimple face now, he'll own you for the rest of your lives. Everyone stares at him. Many of them want to buy his commitment. There's another large sigh from Surya. Aloka and Hasari's eyes bang off of each other, she silently urging him to speak. He's deeply conflicted and deeply frightened.
81) 0) text: Everyone lingers, adults and children. Max plays his trumpet, accompanying Surya on his zither. Manooj hovers over Max.
81) 8) dialog: Okay -- shott.
81) 10) dialog: "Irrigation"?
81) 12) dialog: Well?
81) 14) dialog: What would you like to say to your wife?
82) 0) text: THROUGH the WHEELS we see Max come briskly out of the hotel carrying his doctor's bag. He's met by the sight of Hasari between the shafts of his rickshaw and Anouar and Meeta perched on the seat.
82) 1) dialog: On no! Lepers! Lepers in my neighborhood!
82) 3) dialog: Oh, oh, I didn't get the concept -- of course, not lepers. I think you're going to fool a lot of people. I have only one question: Why are you here?
82) 6) dialog: Na, I'll just trot alongside Hasari.
82) 9) dialog: You're incorrigible, Anouar.
84) 10) text: Hasari arrives with Max, Anouar, and Meeta.
84) 13) text: Max (with Hasari in the b.g., confused, conficted).   Max slings the Goonda against the side of a truck.
84) 18) dialog: The mistake's yours, putz. (to Aloka) Get these people inside. Aloka starts forward, leading the lepers. She's stopped by a sudden blow from the Goonda's stick across her shoulders, knocking her to the ground, bleeding from the neck. Hasari bolts for his wife, gets caught up in the melee. Max swings   around on the Goonda and for the first time realize how   strong he is, and that he knows how to box. The Goonda   goes down and violence erupts. Anouar is chopping at   the legs of one of the thugs working on Sai The massive   Said tears free and starts to beat the crap out of the   two thugs holding him. The noise brings everyone out of the square, those lined up at the clinic, the children from the school. Sunil comes flying out of the clinic. A stampede of those waiting outside the dispensary and those normally in the crowded alley ensues. Shanta runs inside for help. Shopkeepers barricade their shop windows. One of the thugs pours gasoline over Anouar and  lights a match. Hasari kneels beside Aloka when he sees   the match ignite the tiny leper. Without thinking,   Hasari hurls himself on top of Anouar, rolling him in  the dirt and against his own body to put out the flames. Joan shouts, demanding the violence stop. She's hit from behind; she decides talk isn't going to do it. She grabs a piece of lumber and starts to fight.
84) 21) text: Ashoka astride his motorcycle, behind his dark glasses, with more thugs, these with Molotov cocktails and pick- axes, ready to raze the clinic and school and the surrounding neighborhood. Sunil drags Mehboub inside. People chant: "White Monkeys, go home! White Monkeys, go home! No lepers here! No lepers here!" The thugs cock their iron bars and bricks and Molotov cocktails. Max picks up an iron bar of his own and starts for Ashoka. Suddenly, there's a DETONATION followed by a BLAST of air so fierce, Max is thrown to the ground. A bottle of GASOLINE has EXPLODED just behind him. He's enveloped in smoke. An assailant bears down on Joan with a cutlass. As the assailant is about to strike, Hasari seizes the attacker and hurls him backward. Ashish steps in and slashes the assailant with his own weapon, startling, even repelling Hasari. From all over   the lane, young fighters have come and jo the fray, not   bothering to choose sides but merely enjo the release.    Hasari lunges for a woman under attack by boy, arriving   too late to stop the boy from plunging hi knife into the   woman's belly. Hasari fights his way to the woman, but   she staggers into the mob. Max knocks down one of the thugs only to have  another ha grasp his shoulder. He turns, fist cocked to   find Poomi her hands holding her face together. Slowly,   she takes hands away. The sides of her face have been   laid open. Max sweeps her up in his arms, heads for the  clinic.
84) 22) dialog: Oh, little girl, little girl... Joan is suddenly beside Ashoka.
86) 0) text: Max, blood crusted on her face, sutures Poomina's awful facial wound as Aloka prepares a compress.
86) 2) dialog: If she's very careful and doesn't do anything to open the wound, the scarring will be minimal. (to Poomina) Do you understand? You can't... You have to stay here. (to Joan) You make her stay here.
86) 4) dialog: Don't goddamn try, Joan!   Goddamn do it! Poomina peers through her pain at Max, his hands putting her back together.
86) 5) dialog: (a litany) I hate this place, I hate this place, I hate this place. Max looks at the doorway and he locks eyes with Hasari. Max breaks the contact. Hasari stares at him as we hear the godfather's MUSIC on the RADIO.
89) 0) text: Flickering candlelight illuminates the "Raft of Medusa." Max rails at Joan.
89) 1) dialog: I just don't... I don't want to... I don't want to care! I don't want to care this much! I just don't want to be invested in you people. In people! I became a goddamn doctor because my goddamn father wanted me to be a goddamn doctor because he was a goddamn doctor! He was the goddamn king of doctors! It's too goddamn hard! Out of breath, out of words, Joan reaches out and takes Max to her, brings him beside her on the cot. Beneath the "Raft of Medusa," she sits with an arm around Max, as if he were her son.
89) 6) dialog: I didn't do the best I could! I did what I always do! I shot my big mouth off and did a half-assed job. And what I want to do now is I want to go back to America and make money and live a life without entanglements and demands and people hanging on me.
89) 8) dialog: Got it: To run, to spectate, to commit. (raises his hand) Running spectator.
90) 0) text: At the tea shop, a group relive the day's events. The children sleep. Aloka sits outside, worried about Hasari. Max comes out, meets Aloka's eyes and looks away.   She's heard the conversation. Hasari, drunk, comes down the slope.   Face to face with Max.
90) 5) dialog: So what do you want me to do about it -- get it back for you? Max takes away a step.   Stops.
90) 6) dialog: I'm sorry. I'm going home. Because this isn't my fight. I got one person to look after -- me. Hasari stares at Max. On the roof, the children listen. At the tea shop, the late-night talkers listen.
90) 7) dialog: All right, I'm running out,   okay? Because I'm a coward, this   is me, this is what I do, I get in   over my head, I let people down,   I run.
90) 9) dialog: Well, that was your goddamn mistake! Max walks away, leaving Hasari desolate.   Aloka comes to him.
97) 0) text: Heat haze on the road. As we FOCUS, we FIND Max, Joan, Aloka, also with their thoughts. Joan gazes out the window of the taxi. Max looks at the back of Joan's head a moment, then looks at Aloka, who sits between them. She deflects his eyes forward.
98) 1) dialog: This is for Poomina.   When I get home... He thrusts the money on Joan and Max offers his hand; she goes through the hand to embrace Max. Then Max and Aloka look at each other.
98) 6) text: Thank you for coming to our country. And now Max heads out the door.
99) 4) dialog: What were those three choices again? Their faces. And his with just a wistful version of his old grin... and we --
101) 0) text: He finds his family... and Max.     The two men stare at each other.
101) 4) dialog: I need Aloka at the clinic. (as Hasari stares) All right, they, the patients, need her. She's a good nurse. (as Hasari stares) Come on, man, this is between you and me. Why take the kids out of school, why punish your wife? Hasari holds his anger in; he moves to a mat and lies down, his back to Max. But Max doesn't go.
101) 5) dialog: I have a little money, I can get it from the States...
103) 0) text: Max unwraps a bandage from a leper's partial limb. Looks around for Aloka. She's not there. Said is acting as his nurse. Points at his instruments.
103) 1) dialog: Hand me the scissors, please. Helpfully Said hands him the tweezers.
103) 2) dialog: Scissors, scissors. He demonstrates. Said fumbles through the instruments, picking up the scissors by the ends.
103) 3) dialog: Not that end -- No, that's fine, thanks, I've got it.
104) 0) text: Max comes out with his last patient.   Anouar waits.
105) 0) text: Max follows Anouar past bubbling cauldrons and heaps of animal skins. The place stinks fiercely. Anouar and Max exit into...
105) 2) dialog: You didn't steal this.
105) 7) dialog: How much?
106) 0) text: Max comes into the square. Aloka and Selima are pre- paring meals. Manooj, Shambu, and three other boys playing. Ram is trying to jolly Hasari, who's deep in his own reverie. Max stands in front of Hasari.
106) 1) dialog: I'd like to show you something. Just take a minute. A beat as Hasari fixes Max with an empty stare and the family waits to see if Hasari will respond.
106) 2) dialog: Go ahead.   Go on.
107) 0) text: The sound of a PADLOCK being UNLOCKED. DARK SCREEN. Light flashes. Max and Hasari appear in the doorway. Surprised by the light, a few rats scurry off. Some- where a dog BARKS. Slated, shafted light. He indicates a corner.
107) 2) dialog: I'm good with my hands. You're good with yours. What do you say? Hasari looks at Max, part resentful, part touched.
107) 7) dialog: Well, it's yours if you want it. You know the license, the cops, all that can be fixed. You'll own this -- it'll have nothing to do with the Godfather.
107) 9) dialog: You didn't want me to quit.    Well, I came back.
107) 11) dialog: I hope so. Hasari can see the hope and desire in Max's face. After a moment, Max steps aside. Hasari bends his head and makes off. Leaving Max and a small sigh of disappointment.
108) 1) text: Max, in an Indian shirt, heading for the square; rather naturally, he brings his hands together in the Indian salutation. He carries several bottles of distilled water, a large value pack of bar soap, and a carton of medical supplies. As he passes, his eyes hook on Aloka's. He lifts a hand in greeting. After a moment, she ducks her head. He turns and continues on coming face to face with Ram, an enormous smile on his face. With him, Hasari. He glances at his wife in the water.
108) 2) dialog: (to Hasari) Going to look for work?
108) 7) dialog: Are you taking your medicine?
113) 0) text: FROM BEHIND, we watch Max take a wrapping off of Poomina's wound, Joan assisting him. Indeed, Ashoka extended Poomina's smile on either side of her mouth. The scars are healing as nicely as could be expected. Max did a fine job.
113) 1) dialog: You must have had a good doctor. Still no running, jumping, picking up anything heavy. And you stay here. You're going to help Sister Joan and you're going to school. Do you understand? A beat, Poomina nods.    But now a look of abject fear comes over her face. The Goonda stands in the doorway. Max begins singing "Sweet Little Sixteen." The Goodna stares impassively at Max.
114) 0) text: We hear a, TAP, TAP, TAP. The door is half open. The padlock is hanging on its chain. Max opens the door.
115) 4) dialog: I promised Manooj and Shambu I'd take them to the movies. Is it all right?
116) 4) dialog: (whispering) Thanks, guys. Who wants to go for more peanuts? No one. We're talking about rapt attention.   We hear NUTS CRACKING. Max smiles.
117) 0) text: Max and the boys walking home after the movie, the boys dancing around each other, acting out the fight sequences all of the sword-fighting against Max, who battles them all over the street, in and around cars, Poomina and Amri looking on shyly, as El Max fights to save their honor.
117) 2) dialog: Ha ha! You can be both! Manooj Pal, swashbuckling physician!
117) 4) dialog: I wish my father loved me like your father loves you. Your dad's a very special man. And now, en garde! As the battle continues, the bright beams of a truck come at them.
117) 5) dialog: Time out, men. Off the street till this truck passes.
118) 0) text: Manooj runs   ahead of everyone as he charges into Ram's hut, crying   for his father. Behind Manooj come the others, Max   carrying Shambu in his arms. Hasari and Aloka, Ram,   Joan, others in the square hurtle out of their huts.
118) 1) dialog: I can't do anything here. He's got a compound fracture, he hemorrhaging. We've got to get to a hospital -- now!
119) 0) text: Several taxis waiting for clients outside a row of restaurants. Hasari and Aloka watch as Max argues with the drivers. They won't take a bleeding passenger.
121) 0) text: The wards are full, as are the corridors. Patients on beds and stretchers everywhere. Most have at least one member of their family to look over them. In a side room, Max is arguing with a porter who tells him he can't help him.  Max slaps some rupees into the porter's hand, tells him to take him to the person in charge. Shambu is fading. Aloka smooths the sweat from his brow, trying to keep Shambu alive by force of will and love. Then Max is back, standing over her with another man. It may take a moment before we recognize the ATTENDANT from the Blood Bank.
121) 1) dialog: They'll admit him, but we have to pay for the blood. I gave him all I had. He wants more. Do you have anything?
121) 3) dialog: We haven't got any more! The Attendant doesn't move... until he sees Max is about to explode.
121) 4) dialog: If this child dies while you stand here, I'll kill you. The Attendant is smart enough not to push any further.
121) 5) dialog: Now, I need an X-ray room and I need an O.R. nurse.
121) 10) dialog: Then take me to one! As Max takes flight with the Attendant, Aloka strokes Shambu and Hasari hovers. We CLOSE IN ON Shambu's inanimate face and HOLD a moment.
121) 11) text: Max hurtles down the corridor with a young INTERN in tow. Almost a kid, he's been up for days. But he's going to help.
122) 2) dialog: We pinned his leg. Couple of months, he'll be better than ever. They want to keep him today. We're a good team. Gimme five. He smiles, holds out a palm for them to slap. They look at the palm, unsure what this means. Yet, each takes Max's hand.
124) 2) dialog: This is going to cost me every rupee I didn't make today. Ram thrusts an envelope into Max's hand.
124) 3) dialog: A letter from your wife. Ram nods nervously. Max looks at the postmark as he slices it open with a finger.
124) 4) dialog: This is postmarked six weeks ago.
124) 9) dialog: So, what have you been doing -- incubating it?
124) 11) dialog: 'My dear husband...'
124) 13) dialog: 'Your words brought tears of joy to my arid eyes.'
124) 16) dialog: Correct. Her eyes were dry, your letter irrigated them.
124) 20) dialog: Listen. I don't want you to think I'm crazy, but I don't think that truck was an accident.
124) 25) dialog: I think Ashoka was after me. You can bet he'll be after you too.
124) 27) dialog: Can I go with you? I'll go with you. Can I go with you if I shut up? A beat... and Hasari gives him a small nod.
125) 1) text: We see Hasari and Max blocking the street with the new rickshaw. The Goonda jumps out of the car, comes threateningly at Hasari.
128) 0) text: Birds flying  below ceiling. The room has a barred cage running all  around its edge; the cage is filled to near overflowing.   Hasari stands before the JUDGE, his face covered with  blood, his body a mass of aches and welts. At the back  of the room, Max and Aloka; elsewhere, Ashoka, the  Goonda, and several of his thugs.
130) 0) text: Hasari is locking his rickshaw into the shed. Staff and several patients come out of the examining rooms -- Joan, Aloka, Sunil, Anouar, Poomina. Margareta and her students, a new teacher, Bandona, her students come out o the classrooms... They're all swept up in dancing, Joan's metal cross jumping about as if it were beating out time. From his balcony, Max emerges with his trumpet and plays the first bars of "Singin' In the Rain." Everyone looks his way; he begins to hum and sing as he jumps over the balcony to the ground and takes off in a wild, impro- vished, but damn good version of Gene Kelly's dance in the rain, bringing Anouar on his cart in as his dancing partner. Everyone in the courtyard crowds around them, laughing and encouraging the dancer/singers on. The number builds to an extraordinary climax with Max sliding through mud to an exquisite finish at Joan's feet. There's thunderous applause.
131) 0) text: Rain. Max, The Pals, Ram, Joan, Anouar, Meeta and the Baby, Poomina, Saladdin, Mehboub, Ashish, Shanta, Margareta, Bandona, and the other members of the commit- tee sharing a meal.
133) 0) text: Max on the run through the rain, carrying his belongings.
134) 2) dialog: Ashoka ordered me to go home. Well, I've come home. A beat. She steps aside, he steps in, and the door closes him safely inside.
138) 0) text: Water pouring off the room into the courtyard. Hasari locks his rickshaw into the shed and turns out, attention to Max, Aloka, Joan, Poomina, Margareta, Mehboub, several others trying to patch leaking roof tiles and keep supplies high and dry.
139) 0) text: Hasari enters. Max looks at him, doesn't like the look of the obviously exhausted man.
141) 0) text: The rain continues, as does the work in the clinic. Max is working on Anouar, Aloka assisting. Meeta and the baby (now 6 months old) in the b.g.
141) 2) dialog: Last time you told me you were more than two women could manage.
141) 4) dialog: Okay, you ought to be good for another few days. Send in the next patient. Anouar scoots out. Max and Aloka both turn to the instruments lying on the table and knock a pair of scissors to the floor. Simultaneously, they bend to pick it up and bang heads.
141) 5) text: The first   impulse of each is to touch the other's head. But almost   simultaneously, their hands freeze short of touching.    Several months ago, Max might have tried to kiss her;   now, though, there is friendship and affectio FROM here,   we see a pair of bare feet. We COME WITH Max and Aloka   UP.
146) 0) text: Max, Joan, Aristotle John, Margareta, Mehboub, perhaps a dozen others trying to raise the level of the low wall at the entrance with bricks. The wall caves in. Other people in the neighborhood rush to rebuild it.
146) 4) dialog: (shouting to the others) My dear friends, it's just occurred to me what inspired me to stay here. Thinking he's about to make some cogent remark about this unified effort...
146) 6) dialog: The opportunity to acquire waterfront property at a reasonable price. Joan begins to laugh; the others don't get it, query each other as to what's funny about that.
146) 10) dialog: I'd throw my cape down, but I'm all out of dry capes. He sloshes through the water to them, wiping his muddy hands on his pants. He offers a semi-clean hand to each in turn.
146) 11) dialog: It's very nice to see you.   Both of you.
146) 16) dialog: Shall we unload the car?
146) 19) dialog: People grow older; sometimes they even grow up. He smiles a sweet smile at her.    She smiles back at him
149) 2) text: Max, Hasari, Rassoul, and Chomotkar up to their necks in water; Hasari and Rassoul have a door on their shoulders; on top of the door, a sick leper woman. Max is lifting one child, then another onto the door. The two pullers make their way slowly toward the mud bank.
149) 7) dialog: We're here!   We're here! Chomotkar holds the door up as Meeta holds the baby out in the direction of Max's voice. Max catches the baby as the house slips down, then grabs Meeta, who clings to him.
150) 0) text: Hasari pulling the lead rickshaw. Anouar on Max's shoulders, the two of them leading a terrible ensemble version of "Hound Dog." An air of festivity among lepers and rescuers. They come to a bridge made of two planks over rushing water.
152) 0) text: Max opens his eyes to find Joan, Hasari, Aloka, and the children keeping a vigil.
152) 1) dialog: Oh, Jesus, the guy went to sleep when he was supposed to be working? I gotta get up -- He tries to get up.   Joan pushes him back down.
152) 3) dialog: All right. (a distant laugh) Yeah, I am, I'm all right. He is a little delirious. The boys come close, kneel at his side, instinctively reach out to him.
152) 4) dialog: Want you guys to know something. About me. Wanted to be the world's greatest heart surgeon, just one better than my dad. Just one. First time I'm the lead surgeon on a case, the main guy, I choke. Froze. The chief made me step aside. My teacher. Had to take over for me. Went into radiology. Photography. Had to have somethin' easy. No pressure. Wasn't too nuts about myself. Quit. Hasari reaches out and touches Max, telling him with a touch that it's all right. He stares up through bleary eyes at all of them with utterly open love. Amrita holds out a small gift to him: It's a banana leaf, holding a small scoop of rice and surrounded by little decorative leaves.
152) 5) dialog: You people... You... (a beat) I love you guys.
154) 0) text: Hasari, Max (dressed quite India), the local Hara Giri, Mr. Ghosh and the four Ghosh uncles crammed into the tiny room. Members of our group jam the doorway, spectating. The air is close.
155) 1) text: Manooj, seated between Hasari and Max.
156) 0) text: Amrita, Subash, and Shambu heading home from the work- shop. Shambu's cast is gone. Subash flirts with Amrita. They see Hasari, Max, and Manooj coming toward them. Manooj runs to them, shouting that he's going to the school; Amrita, Subash, Shambu congratulate him...
156) 2) dialog: Hey, come on, don't do this.
156) 5) dialog: Don't do this.
156) 10) dialog: Why?
156) 12) dialog: You can't do this! He takes no more than a step at Ashoka, a hand coming up, when he's hit hard from behind. Goes to his knees.
156) 13) dialog: Jesus Christ. His hand comes away from the back of his head with blood. He tries to rise and is hit again.
157) 0) text: From here we can see Hasari on Max's cot under "The Raft of the Medusa" in the little room overlooking the street. Out here, the two doctors are alone.
157) 1) dialog: Why don't you go on home.   I'll stay with him. Sunil nods. Max grips Sunil's hand strongly. Sunil goes down the steps. Max moves to Hasari's bedside. He watches Hasari breathing. He looks up at "The Raft of the Medusa."
158) 17) dialog: Get serious.
159) 0) text: Hasari mirrors Max's expression of dismissal!
159) 3) dialog: How's it going?
159) 5) dialog: What do you mean?
159) 7) dialog: But that's great.
159) 12) dialog: I thought that's why we've been writing all these letters.
161) 0) text: The procession to the courtyard begins when a BRASS BAND strikes up, accompanied by singing and shouting. Tiny lights have been strung over the street. We see Max and Manubai. Margareta and a group of children. Joan with Poomina. Anour, Meeta, Said. Everyone who's become part of the family is present.
162) 0) text: The procession arrives and enters. Smoke from the chu- las. Light from a half dozen lamps. Subash and his procession make their entrance. A ritual veil is fixed to Subash's face. The Pujari waves for Hasari to come to his place. Hasari turns to Max.