80) 0) text: Max's cigar. He sits slightly apart from Joan, Sunil, Aloka, Ram, Hasari, Selima, Margareta, Surya, SALADDIN, ASHISH and Shanta, Aristotle John, MEHBOUB, Anouar, and Said. Hasari is stretched out, Aloka rubbing his screaming legs. Throughout the following, their eyes meet and deflect...
80) 2) dialog: Saladdin's right. Neither nature nor the people with the power have any conscience. We have to pay. A sigh escapes Surya.   He shakes his head.    Eyes flick at him.
84) 21) text: Ashoka astride his motorcycle, behind his dark glasses, with more thugs, these with Molotov cocktails and pick- axes, ready to raze the clinic and school and the surrounding neighborhood. Sunil drags Mehboub inside. People chant: "White Monkeys, go home! White Monkeys, go home! No lepers here! No lepers here!" The thugs cock their iron bars and bricks and Molotov cocktails. Max picks up an iron bar of his own and starts for Ashoka. Suddenly, there's a DETONATION followed by a BLAST of air so fierce, Max is thrown to the ground. A bottle of GASOLINE has EXPLODED just behind him. He's enveloped in smoke. An assailant bears down on Joan with a cutlass. As the assailant is about to strike, Hasari seizes the attacker and hurls him backward. Ashish steps in and slashes the assailant with his own weapon, startling, even repelling Hasari. From all over   the lane, young fighters have come and jo the fray, not   bothering to choose sides but merely enjo the release.    Hasari lunges for a woman under attack by boy, arriving   too late to stop the boy from plunging hi knife into the   woman's belly. Hasari fights his way to the woman, but   she staggers into the mob. Max knocks down one of the thugs only to have  another ha grasp his shoulder. He turns, fist cocked to   find Poomi her hands holding her face together. Slowly,   she takes hands away. The sides of her face have been   laid open. Max sweeps her up in his arms, heads for the  clinic.
85) 0) text: People peer in through every opening. Mehboub's chest is bandaged. Sunil squeezes through the packed courtyard and hallway, Ashish carrying a wounded woman behind him. Hasari steps into a doorway, us WITH him.
131) 0) text: Rain. Max, The Pals, Ram, Joan, Anouar, Meeta and the Baby, Poomina, Saladdin, Mehboub, Ashish, Shanta, Margareta, Bandona, and the other members of the commit- tee sharing a meal.
138) 0) text: Water pouring off the room into the courtyard. Hasari locks his rickshaw into the shed and turns out, attention to Max, Aloka, Joan, Poomina, Margareta, Mehboub, several others trying to patch leaking roof tiles and keep supplies high and dry.
146) 0) text: Max, Joan, Aristotle John, Margareta, Mehboub, perhaps a dozen others trying to raise the level of the low wall at the entrance with bricks. The wall caves in. Other people in the neighborhood rush to rebuild it.