41) 6) dialog: Twenty, sahib.
41) 8) dialog: I can do anything you want, sahib. She fingers the   Hebrew letter at Max's throat, on its gold chain. For    a moment, Max is mesmerized by this child; but then,   as she begins more serious ministra- tions, he pulls   back.
41) 10) dialog: Is problems, sahib?
41) 12) dialog: No, please, yes, I can -- There's something desperate in her that makes him put a finger to her lips and say...
42) 0) text: Max smokes a Monte  Cristo and watches Poomina, like a frightened little  animal, devour the last of a Green Acres room service  meal and then wrap a small piece of fish in the paper  napkin.
42) 4) dialog: Now, you are ready for great pleasure, yes?
43) 5) dialog: Special drink for you, sahib. Only the most man can drink it. You make try. For me.
43) 7) dialog: Who that finish first.   I bet! She puts her glass to her lips and, in a childish, exaggerated way, mimes waiting for him to commence a drinking race with her. The two of them toss off what's in their glasses. The bangla in Max's glass is stronger than battery acid. He does an elaborate routine involv- ing the pain, the surprise, the sheer awfulness of the drink. But puts it down with mock machismo.
43) 8) dialog: I beat!
43) 10) dialog: We have fun some more.   I bet again!
44) 0) text: Max sings "Take It to the Limit" with enormous inebriated sincerity as Poomina helps him out of the bar. There's a big black motorcycle parked outside. Max glances at it as they start down the alley. As he looks back to the road ahead, he finds The Goonda in front of him. Max isn't so drunk that he doesn't sense what this is about. He looks behind him. Indeed, the other two goons are there. Ashoka straddles the big cycle.
62) 52) text: It's an amazing sight. Two lepers: ANOUAR, bearded with a sharp intelligent, unmarked face, makes his way along on a small wheeled board, at an amazingly fast pace, ahead of SAID, a huge, mute leper. They stop some feet away. Lepers aren't often welcome. Out from behind Said steps Poomina.
62) 53) dialog: Joan Di, my sister!
62) 61) dialog: Meeta will die.
63) 0) text: The moon reflects off the dark puddles of muddy water that line the side of the railway tracks. Anouar propels his board with astonishing agility along the path, Said and Poomina running with him. Max, Joan, carrying a first aid bag, Aloka and Hasari following, slipping and sliding on the rough ground with its puddles and sewage.
73) 0) text: Max with his stethoscope to Meeta's baby. Meeta in a brightly-colored sari and a lot of bracelets and Aloka looks on. Poomina clings to the wall.
83) 0) text: Margareta, Manooj, Shambu, Shoba, several other kids and, at the end of the line, Poomina, all carrying water on their heads toward the City of Joy. Suddenly, someone whispers to Poomina. One of Ashoka's thugs. She glances after Margareta and the other kids who are turning a corner and steps into:
86) 0) text: Max, blood crusted on her face, sutures Poomina's awful facial wound as Aloka prepares a compress.
113) 0) text: FROM BEHIND, we watch Max take a wrapping off of Poomina's wound, Joan assisting him. Indeed, Ashoka extended Poomina's smile on either side of her mouth. The scars are healing as nicely as could be expected. Max did a fine job.
117) 0) text: Max and the boys walking home after the movie, the boys dancing around each other, acting out the fight sequences all of the sword-fighting against Max, who battles them all over the street, in and around cars, Poomina and Amri looking on shyly, as El Max fights to save their honor.
130) 0) text: Hasari is locking his rickshaw into the shed. Staff and several patients come out of the examining rooms -- Joan, Aloka, Sunil, Anouar, Poomina. Margareta and her students, a new teacher, Bandona, her students come out o the classrooms... They're all swept up in dancing, Joan's metal cross jumping about as if it were beating out time. From his balcony, Max emerges with his trumpet and plays the first bars of "Singin' In the Rain." Everyone looks his way; he begins to hum and sing as he jumps over the balcony to the ground and takes off in a wild, impro- vished, but damn good version of Gene Kelly's dance in the rain, bringing Anouar on his cart in as his dancing partner. Everyone in the courtyard crowds around them, laughing and encouraging the dancer/singers on. The number builds to an extraordinary climax with Max sliding through mud to an exquisite finish at Joan's feet. There's thunderous applause.
131) 0) text: Rain. Max, The Pals, Ram, Joan, Anouar, Meeta and the Baby, Poomina, Saladdin, Mehboub, Ashish, Shanta, Margareta, Bandona, and the other members of the commit- tee sharing a meal.
138) 0) text: Water pouring off the room into the courtyard. Hasari locks his rickshaw into the shed and turns out, attention to Max, Aloka, Joan, Poomina, Margareta, Mehboub, several others trying to patch leaking roof tiles and keep supplies high and dry.
161) 0) text: The procession to the courtyard begins when a BRASS BAND strikes up, accompanied by singing and shouting. Tiny lights have been strung over the street. We see Max and Manubai. Margareta and a group of children. Joan with Poomina. Anour, Meeta, Said. Everyone who's become part of the family is present.