9) 0) text: Max is crammed into the back seat with the plump Ravi.
23) 2) text: A line of a hundred men stretches from a door. Hasari is on the edge of panic, but when he turns to the family, he's wearing his confident smile. As before, he gathers the family into the protectorate of his arms and guides them onward. As he pushes off into the sea of humanity, we PULL BACK AND UP, FILLING the FRAME WITH street upon street, disappearing Hasari.
48) 0) text: Max in the rickshaw, Hasari running alongside Ram, an exuberant smile slashed across his face.
48) 5) dialog: Keep up, of course. Anyone can run at this pace. But you think it's easy to run and to pull?
48) 8) dialog: Will you still pay me when he runs you into a ditch?
48) 10) dialog: All right, you, come, step in here. Hasari looks on Max with enormous gratitude. Ram puts the shafts down, has a short coughing fit, spits some phlegm, looks at Max.
48) 12) dialog: Now, fine, pull, go. Hasari tries to pull, but the center of gravity isn't easy to find. This is enormously difficult and Hasari's very clumsy at it. The street is crowded. The traffic is beginning to back up behind them. The driver and conductor of the tram let fly a tirade of insults.
48) 13) dialog: See, mister! What did I tell you? Come on! What do you think this is -- some village street? You've got to move quickly. He turns to Max.
48) 14) dialog: You see, it takes a gift.
49) 0) text: At first all we see are feet on a marble floor. The Goonda's in his running shoes, then Ram and Hasari's bare feet. This is the partitioned splendor of an old house sprinkled with the relics of a grand colonial past. Everything is baroque, rotting and somehow impressive. Hasari has never been anywhere like this, and is caught between curiosity and fear of breathing.
50) 0) text: The three men enter a large room shuttered from the sun- light -- dusty and packed with a ramshackle assortment of furniture. Two fat blue titmice perch in a cage next to ambitious plaster portrait of Napolean. Sitting behind a desk is Ashoka, leaning over a mirror, squeezing a balky pimple. Near a large window, his 60-year-old father, GHATAK, in a European jacket and dhoti, works with intense concen- tration at repairing a pair of broken glasses with a twist of fine wire. The three new arrivals stand silent and respectful before the desk. At last, without raising his head...
50) 5) dialog: Yes, yes, I am wondering, sir, we are, is it possible you might have something for my friend? Ram indicates Hasari, as if there might be some question to whom he's referring. Ashoka attacks the pimple.
50) 6) dialog: Let me explain it for your ears, sir. My cousin from Bihar has just arrived in our city --
50) 9) dialog: Oh yes! I have personally witnessed his excellence -- yes.
51) 0) text: Transitor MUSIC. The Pals load the rickshaw that stands at the road with Ram in it. There are embraces with the bruised Arun and his family.
52) 0) text: We hear the BELL TINKLING as the rickshaw, pulled by Hasari, carrying Ram and Aloka (holding Shambu) arrives (Amrita and Manooj trotting beside their father). Surya, Selima, other neighbors greet them as they come. The Pals glance into the school at Joan, who's teaching an evening class.
53) 0) text: A door opens. Moonlight. Faces peer through the door. Ram lights an oil lamp. In the glow, the family looks around their tiny space. Hardly able to suppress smiles.
55) 0) text: About twenty tattered street kids faces shining with en- joyment. They run and shout as they pursue something just out of frame.
55) 1) text: The cause of the excitement is Hasari running TOWARD us, feet flying, as he pulls the rickshaw, loaded with a huge sack. Manooj and Shambu are clinging to the sides of the machine. Ram stands   in the center of the square. He shouts a command and   Hasari struggles to bring the rickshaw to a stop. It's    not easy and Sunil -- who's arriving -- has jump out of   the way to the accompaniment of apologies f Hasari and   Ram and hoots of laughter from the children. Outside the clinic, a line of perhaps seventy-five wait patiently, watching as Hasari takes off again. The wheels of the rickshaw hit a rut. Hasari loses control, the sack tips back and Hasari is lifted into the air, feet kicking as he tries to regain his balance. Aloka and Amrita, sitting near the bawling Ram, can't hold back their laughter.
57) 0) text: Hasari rubs the moonstone in his ring on the shafts, then touches his heart and his forehead. A SCHOOL GIRL in uniform, approaches the rickshaw stand. We also see several other pullers, Rassoul, Chomotkar, Ramatullah.
57) 5) dialog: Let Hasari go! The line of rickshaw pullers  turns to Hasari. The other pullers wish him well as he  comes forward. His heart pounds; ever so politely, he  helps the School Girl into his carriage. She gives him   the address of the St. Pius School.
57) 9) dialog: (calling) Feed the police! Other pullers laugh,  call after Hasari... and as he approaches the first  corner, he manages to pull out a rupee and deposit it  into the hand of the impassive traffic policeman and  then turn right.
62) 28) text: Ram and Hasari return home. Hasari can hardly walk. Shambu runs to his father, explaining excitedly...
62) 36) dialog: Another few months, I'll be able to pay off the moneylender in my village and go home and open a grocery shop. All around me sacks overflowing with all kinds of dal and rice, aromatic spices, piles of vegetables... and at night, I'll lie on my back beneath the trees sniffing fresh aubergines. This beautiful picture burrows into Hasari's mind.   For a moment, he goes there -- home, to the village...
62) 37) dialog: If my wife will let me come within a hundred miles of the place where she herself resides. Ram laughs, Hasari smiles...
62) 39) dialog: It was six hundred rupees only. He laughs at the impossibility of the price.
62) 49) dialog: Doctor Big Brother, I myself would be willing to accept a gift. Could you give me five rupees in a note -- ten, perhaps. My ankle is badly swelled; the higher the number the more the swelling sinks. Max has to laugh.
62) 51) dialog: How much? Now everyone's attentions is taken by a CRY from Shambu, who expels his breath, his terrified eyes directing our attention to...
62) 72) dialog: You can't do that. They're outcasts, they're unclean. There are murmurs of assent from the others.
70) 0) text: The line is long. At this moment, Joan is checking a child's throat with a tongue-depressor. Aloka is walking beside her with a fistful of depressors and a bag for disposal. Hasari and Ram are getting ready to leave. Anouar appears at Joan's waist.
80) 0) text: Max's cigar. He sits slightly apart from Joan, Sunil, Aloka, Ram, Hasari, Selima, Margareta, Surya, SALADDIN, ASHISH and Shanta, Aristotle John, MEHBOUB, Anouar, and Said. Hasari is stretched out, Aloka rubbing his screaming legs. Throughout the following, their eyes meet and deflect...
81) 3) dialog: It has come to me tonight to write a letter to my wife. Ram produces a mangled one piece letter -- envelope.
81) 4) dialog: Please.
81) 9) dialog: Yes -- what is the word -- that word -- when land is watered... with canals?
81) 11) dialog: Yes, yes, that word, I want that word in the letter. Max looks at him, nods, waits.   Ram stares at Max; waits
81) 13) dialog: Well?
81) 15) dialog: I don't know, Max Daddah. If I knew what to say to my wife, I'd never have left home. Everybody laughs, though Ram's remark hits Max on a deeper level. Manooj slides in beside him.
90) 13) dialog: What I earn is yours, too.
100) 0) text: Hasari returns.     Goes into Ram's hut.
106) 0) text: Max comes into the square. Aloka and Selima are pre- paring meals. Manooj, Shambu, and three other boys playing. Ram is trying to jolly Hasari, who's deep in his own reverie. Max stands in front of Hasari.
108) 1) text: Max, in an Indian shirt, heading for the square; rather naturally, he brings his hands together in the Indian salutation. He carries several bottles of distilled water, a large value pack of bar soap, and a carton of medical supplies. As he passes, his eyes hook on Aloka's. He lifts a hand in greeting. After a moment, she ducks her head. He turns and continues on coming face to face with Ram, an enormous smile on his face. With him, Hasari. He glances at his wife in the water.
108) 6) dialog: Yes, he is. Ram has a small coughing fit.
108) 8) dialog: Yes, yes, but look at this. He points at the wheel  of his rickshaw; the rim is cracked. Scornfully,   Hasari walks on. Max and Ram glance after him. Max   digs out several rupees. Ram takes them and goes.   Max looks after the two men as they disappear. When   he turns...
118) 0) text: Manooj runs   ahead of everyone as he charges into Ram's hut, crying   for his father. Behind Manooj come the others, Max   carrying Shambu in his arms. Hasari and Aloka, Ram,   Joan, others in the square hurtle out of their huts.
124) 1) dialog: Doctor Daddah, please, very important, only one moment.
124) 5) dialog: So?
124) 10) dialog: I was afraid. Ram waits, his hands twisting each other.
124) 12) dialog: Oh that's very hopeful so far!
124) 14) dialog: Oh, I'm in love! My words brought tears to her arid eyes! (then fearful) What does that mean -- arid? Manooj throws his hand up.
124) 17) dialog: Aaah! He snatches the letter, crushes it to his heart.   Notice the finish work on the rickshaw.
131) 0) text: Rain. Max, The Pals, Ram, Joan, Anouar, Meeta and the Baby, Poomina, Saladdin, Mehboub, Ashish, Shanta, Margareta, Bandona, and the other members of the commit- tee sharing a meal.
131) 10) dialog: At my wedding I became so frightened, my father gave me things to drink to calm me down. I went out to piss and fell asleep under the village tree. When I woke I thought it was the tree I'd married. I still love that tree. The laugh. But Hasari's attention is on his daughter. He reaches a loving hand to her.
135) 0) text: The rickshaw station. The  rain pours down. People clambor for rickshaws. The  line moves forward as fast as the pullers can take on passengers. Hasari, Ram, Ramatullah, Chomotkar look at the stalled buses, the streetcars, the taxis, the private cars.
135) 7) dialog: I'm wet and I'm cold. Your daughter is getting married. Time is passing. I want to go home to my wife. Chomotkar touches Hasari, nods across the street.   There we see the Goonda and two thugs.
154) 0) text: Hasari, Max (dressed quite India), the local Hara Giri, Mr. Ghosh and the four Ghosh uncles crammed into the tiny room. Members of our group jam the doorway, spectating. The air is close.
159) 4) dialog: All that stands between them now is the ounce of gold. Max Daddah, Joan Di -- is she a good reader?
159) 6) dialog: She read this letter to me. ( he shows Max) But I think she must have read it wrong. She said my wife writes that irrigation has come to our village.
159) 11) dialog: But it means I should go home to my wife.
159) 13) dialog: Yes, of course, I love her from here, yes; but, what if I go home and find I don't love her from there. Shambu takes him by the hand and tugs him quickly to the edge of the tea shop. The little boy indicates Max should bend close. Max leans down.
160) 0) text: We see the fully blossomed flower in the tea caddy and then Hasari's fingers come INTO THE FRAME. He carefully snips the flower free of its stalk.