1) 0) text: Heat that has mass. That rises off the parched earth in shimmering waves. After a moment, we see what appear to be figures coming out of the haze, one by one. A family with their few belongings: HASARI PAL, 33, his wife, ALOKA, 28, and their children, daughter, AMRITA, 13, sons MANOOJ and SHAMBU, 11 and 9; HASARI'S MOTHER and FATHER. They embark toward the night, the rising sun behind them.
2) 0) text: Hasari's Father passes a gourd of precious water. Hasari serves the children first. Shambu gulps entirely too much, the others forcing him to stop by a unified force of will. Embarrassed, he passes the cup to his brother, who sips, as does his sister. Aloka barely wets her lips, insisting on leaving the last drops for Hasari. And now, a rooster tail of dust rises up behind the approaching bus and the old parents bid farewell to their son's family. There is an intense sadness at leaving the land and Hasari's Mother clings to him...
2) 7) dialog: I don't want to go. There are bad men with long knives who steal children. That does it: Hasari's   Mother dissolves in tears, but the old man nevertheless  unlooses her insistently from the children. Aloka and   the children get on the bus as the old man embraces his  son.
11) 3) text: The Pals, scared, dispirited, weary, consumed by the crowd. They've been walking a long  time. Shambu cries; Aloka tries to ease his fear. They  stop numbly at the edge of the park, put their bundles down against a long wall. Across the way, a thin policeman shares a cigarette with a group of traders. There is a deeply fearful look in Hasari's eyes, a look he is having difficulty controlling now. He needs to revive the family's confidence. He takes out his precious bundle of rupees and gives one to Manooj. Manooj, though, is fixed on the cinema across the street. Hasari indicates a stall just across the main road.
12) 0) text: A brick slides out of the wall. We're BEHIND the brick and see Gangooly's soft face as he reaches in and pulls out a key. The street is small and empty.  Though the houses are nothing much, to the Pals, they look like palaces. Manooj and Shambu run about in delight. Gangooly motions for quiet. With a flourish, he  opens the door.
17) 0) text: Shambu is paddling near the tap. Aloka is bending over the drain and Amrita is rinsing her heavy, dark hair with a pot. Manooj is nearby, rubbing himself with an old towel. Hasari enters unnoticed and looks at the group with tenderness... and with gratitude for their good fortune. A MAN, red with anger, yanks the curtain aside, stares. The family freezes. Aloka's hair drips unnoticed on her sari.
24) 0) text: Aloka huddled with Manooj and Amrita. Hasari talking to the owner of a small market stall. Shambu is peering into a shop with male mannequins in the window.
26) 2) text: Shambu runs to his dejected family. SHAMBU
26) 5) dialog: He just gave it to me.
32) 11) dialog: Daaaaadddddyyyy! Now, Aloka, Amrita, Manooj appear, rising up out of the sea, ending Hasari's nightmare. A warrior returning from battle, Hasari engulfs the little boy.
32) 14) dialog: We said we had to meet you, but they didn't care! They were mean! As before, Hasari tries to engulf the rest of his family in the protectorate of his arms. In the b.g., Arun and his family.
37) 1) dialog: Daddy, are we going to die here? Hasari can see on everyone's face this question.
52) 0) text: We hear the BELL TINKLING as the rickshaw, pulled by Hasari, carrying Ram and Aloka (holding Shambu) arrives (Amrita and Manooj trotting beside their father). Surya, Selima, other neighbors greet them as they come. The Pals glance into the school at Joan, who's teaching an evening class.
55) 1) text: The cause of the excitement is Hasari running TOWARD us, feet flying, as he pulls the rickshaw, loaded with a huge sack. Manooj and Shambu are clinging to the sides of the machine. Ram stands   in the center of the square. He shouts a command and   Hasari struggles to bring the rickshaw to a stop. It's    not easy and Sunil -- who's arriving -- has jump out of   the way to the accompaniment of apologies f Hasari and   Ram and hoots of laughter from the children. Outside the clinic, a line of perhaps seventy-five wait patiently, watching as Hasari takes off again. The wheels of the rickshaw hit a rut. Hasari loses control, the sack tips back and Hasari is lifted into the air, feet kicking as he tries to regain his balance. Aloka and Amrita, sitting near the bawling Ram, can't hold back their laughter.
62) 28) text: Ram and Hasari return home. Hasari can hardly walk. Shambu runs to his father, explaining excitedly...
62) 29) dialog: Daddy, there is the doctor from America. He saw two movies every Saturday. What's in your fist? Open, Daddy! Shambu pries his father's fist open:   seeds.
62) 33) dialog: Seeds?   Why?
70) 6) text: Max approaches. A buzz    about Max's heroics; hands comi together. Max raises a    hand in benediction, makes the sign of the cross. Max    claps Hasari on the shoulder; Hasari brings his hands   together and gives Max a genuinely pleased smile.    Children circle and touch him Manooj and Shambu among   them.
77) 2) text: Hasari, with Shambu in the rickshaw, arrives to take the children home. As he looks inside, he notices...
83) 0) text: Margareta, Manooj, Shambu, Shoba, several other kids and, at the end of the line, Poomina, all carrying water on their heads toward the City of Joy. Suddenly, someone whispers to Poomina. One of Ashoka's thugs. She glances after Margareta and the other kids who are turning a corner and steps into:
106) 0) text: Max comes into the square. Aloka and Selima are pre- paring meals. Manooj, Shambu, and three other boys playing. Ram is trying to jolly Hasari, who's deep in his own reverie. Max stands in front of Hasari.
112) 0) text: The street children's school now takes up two rooms. Children peer out of one room now as, to the accompani- ment of Surya's zither, twenty or so girls are doing some Indian classical dancing, under the eye of a young Indian teacher. Across the way, in the other room, some children are translating Bengali words into English. A boy is writing on the board. It's Manooj. We see that Shambu is in the same class.
118) 0) text: Manooj runs   ahead of everyone as he charges into Ram's hut, crying   for his father. Behind Manooj come the others, Max   carrying Shambu in his arms. Hasari and Aloka, Ram,   Joan, others in the square hurtle out of their huts.
121) 0) text: The wards are full, as are the corridors. Patients on beds and stretchers everywhere. Most have at least one member of their family to look over them. In a side room, Max is arguing with a porter who tells him he can't help him.  Max slaps some rupees into the porter's hand, tells him to take him to the person in charge. Shambu is fading. Aloka smooths the sweat from his brow, trying to keep Shambu alive by force of will and love. Then Max is back, standing over her with another man. It may take a moment before we recognize the ATTENDANT from the Blood Bank.
129) 0) text: Amrita, Manooj, and Shambu. With them, Subash flirting with Amrita, incurring the wrath and admiration of her brothers, causing her to flush. THUNDER sounds. They all look up. Rain starts to fall. People run outside of workshops and huts, crying, "The rains, the rains." Suddenly, a THUNDERCLAP shakes the earth and rain begins to bombard them. The rain falls, the WIND HOWLS, and people in the lane are dancing, praising the beginning of the monsoon season. Men tear off their shirts, women rush out fully clothed, singing. Swarms of naked children run about. The kids run toward the clinic/school.
156) 0) text: Amrita, Subash, and Shambu heading home from the work- shop. Shambu's cast is gone. Subash flirts with Amrita. They see Hasari, Max, and Manooj coming toward them. Manooj runs to them, shouting that he's going to the school; Amrita, Subash, Shambu congratulate him...
158) 16) dialog: (whispering) Is my father going to die? Max makes the same sound he made in the ashram at the beginning of the movie, though this sound of dismissal different.
159) 14) dialog: Daddy needs gold, right? Max nods.    And Shambu brings his fist up from under the table.
159) 16) dialog: Do you think this is pretend gold or real?