0) 22) dialog: 9b. gon come ms o5 let's not be ao formal aoe - Yes we know that. ‘Ahd you are =
0) 24) dialog: ‘Reginald, that's an interesting name, and - 7?
0) 26) dialog: Reginald and Bezyi - it's Your Money or Your Life ton: - are yon nervous? And so on. INT. HALLWAY EVENING Ot 3 ' KESVIN pauses on stairs up to bed.
1) 1) dialog: Now then Reginald ... mo ... don't lift yet. Oo, you are keen ...
1) 3) dialog: Ia he like this at bome Beryl ? Eager ? Roars of laughter. BERYL looks embarassed ..
1) 4) dialog: 00, I bet you bave sone fun ‘on Britisb Legion night! More’ roars of langhter. And so on! :
3) 1) dialog: « Oco you are awful! Now all I- want:to know is +e. What famous fils Star begins with 'C’' ... ?
21) 2) text: Revised 28.4.80 — 102 117 «+INT. FABULOUS HALL SUNSET 117 Coming out the other side of the crack the GANG stops awe struck. What they see is truly amazing ~ a dazzling apparition, the reflected aurs of which at firet just hli our acquisitive little BAND; They look again straining an rubhing their eyes in the unaccuetomed light snd the imag goalesces into a beautiful perspex transparent gleaming dream kitchen. And there beside it with teeth, suit, hsir and eyee all gleaming with an unearthly radiance, is the QUIZ SHOW COMPERE ~ manic grin frozen on his face. Music plays. The COMPERE's manic grin euddenly animatee, Eis arm goes out to welcome them.
21) 3) dialog: And here they sre! The winners of the Most Fabulous Object in the World. The Answer to All Their Problems ... and yours ... is here! For them ... Tonight CUT TO wide shot of sn infinitely huge black space broken the occasional sbatt of light. A gleaming pathway in the _. @hape_of_a_complex. maze. zigzsgs scrose this space ~ of the pathway plummeting into unseeshle depthe from whic the occasional wisp of smoke rises. On the tar side of th maze the pathway ends in a square island platform rising above the abyss. Stairs ascend from the platform and at t top of them stands the Dream Xitchen. The COMPERE stsnds way up the stairs. Music orescendoes. The DWARVES are delighted but mesmerized.
21) 6) dialog: Yes, it's all yours.
21) 7) text: 7 iS 117 Revieed 28.4.80 103 Continued The Most Fahnlous Ohject suddenly disappears and in the Place of the COMPERE and KEVIN'S PARENTS stand the EVIL GENIUS and ROBERT and BENSON. The GANG shriek and turn to run but, with a deafening rumble and clang a eturdy iron cage descends around them trapping them inside. Helplesely they grah at the hars. KEVIN turns and runs for the door, only to run straight into the hlack folds of one of EVIL'e hideous henchmen, a towering, animal skulled, hlack rohed creature who hegins to move towards the distant platform. KEVIN strugglee with no effect. EVIL mounts the steps and turne, His mocking, triumphant laugh echoes through the halls ... suddenly a tiny fignre races up from one side and leaps agilely towards the cage. The EVIL GENIUS’ laugh fades as he- watches HORSEFLESH race for the cage. He reaches the cage and hreathleesly and with a mighty key he unlocke the cage door ... and enters. The hapless DWARVES are amazed,