5) 49) text: “Horseflesh ? “O Revised 6.5.30 334 36 Continned : 36 The GANG shakes heads, all except VERMIN who's eating.
6) 45) dialog: (pointing excitedly into the pool) Sir... sir ... the Map!
6) 50) text: IZ you are wrong, Horseflesh, my revenge will be slow aad unpleasant. I will turn you inside out over a very long period...
6) 51) dialog: That is the map sir ... _- — — —
8) 4) dialog: I don't know, Evil One, I've never seen him before...
21) 7) text: 7 iS 117 Revieed 28.4.80 103 Continued The Most Fahnlous Ohject suddenly disappears and in the Place of the COMPERE and KEVIN'S PARENTS stand the EVIL GENIUS and ROBERT and BENSON. The GANG shriek and turn to run but, with a deafening rumble and clang a eturdy iron cage descends around them trapping them inside. Helplesely they grah at the hars. KEVIN turns and runs for the door, only to run straight into the hlack folds of one of EVIL'e hideous henchmen, a towering, animal skulled, hlack rohed creature who hegins to move towards the distant platform. KEVIN strugglee with no effect. EVIL mounts the steps and turne, His mocking, triumphant laugh echoes through the halls ... suddenly a tiny fignre races up from one side and leaps agilely towards the cage. The EVIL GENIUS’ laugh fades as he- watches HORSEFLESH race for the cage. He reaches the cage and hreathleesly and with a mighty key he unlocke the cage door ... and enters. The hapless DWARVES are amazed,
21) 20) text: He gives on last grin. The EVIL GENIUS cackles with rich and echoing laughter. Again RANDALL rushes for the bars. The door's locked fast. RANDALL . (desperately) Horseflesh ... ! Horseflesh ... ! But HORSEFLESH is bounding away, grinning, up the steps t EVIL.. He throws himself down at EVIL's feet, the map hel out towards hin. oo Nace é 1?
22) 0) text: CUT TO rat crawling down heavy rope which supports the gr metal cage in which KEVIN and the reet of the GANG sit dieconsolately around - their legs dangling through the hars that make up the hottom of the cage. The cage is now hanging high ahove the ahyes into which HORSEFLESH wa hurled. Some distancs away are two eimilar cagee. However their occupants are crumhled SKELETONS in agonisi poses. No-one speaks for a while. They are just alone with their failure, and the occaeional rat crawling down