0) 0) text: KEVIN sits down at tahle, witb bis book. His FATHER eits, oocasionally slurpng a cup of tea and rsading the evening paper. There is a ping! from the sideboard and after & moment MOTHER’ sets a plate of three very similar bland lumps before KEVIN.
0) 1) dialog: (setting aside bis book) What's that ? a
0) 13) dialog: Did you know, the ancient Greeks could kill people 26 different ways! ’ FATHER (without turning) Bedtime fnr you Kevin, it's nine o'clinck,
0) 14) dialog: And this king, Agamemmnnn, he nnce fought ..
0) 16) dialog: Oh, all right.
0) 27) dialog: Could we go to Greece one day -
2) 0) text: , KEVIN is in his pyjamas. Just before be gets in bed bs pauses, looks down at bis toys, and moves a couplis of Na soldiers into battle position. Be then climbe into bis be Be picks np his book and looks at Agamemnon again, with w eyes.
3) 0) text: TV is on again. Same game show - much laughter. This time the two AGED CONTESTANTS are suspended above a large vat of custard. Everyone roars with laughter. Except KEVIN'S MOTHER & FATHER. = : © et emece PULL. ODT = KEVIN. is in the hall making his way past the sitting room door. He has something hidden under his dune
3) 2) dialog: It's gone down now ... my supper ... I. can feel it. I think I'll go to bed. PAaTEER Good, off you go ... but no noise! 7 Revised 6.5.80 sc. Continued - ‘ 7B A roar of laughter from the TV drowns the end of FATHER's sentence.
3) 3) dialog: (who's halfway up the stairs in his eagerness) What ?
4) 0) text: KEVIN'e bedroom. This time there is no dawdling. KEVIN enters hriskly, pulls torch and Polaroid camera carefully from his sweater, and lays them on his hedside table. He puts his dressing gown on over his clothes and jumps into and looks around. Hesitantly he turns out the light. : Blackness. No noise... No rattlings. Nothing odd... He looks disappointed ... silence. PAN ROUND the toys, the gupboard, to KEVIN, who sits on the bed, holt upright, wi his dressing~-gown on, a eatchel elung arcund him, torch the ready, Polaroid camera at the ready. Nothing happens. ' He flashes the torch. Still nothing. He locks around an switches off the torch. - FADE. FADE UP sometime later. KEVIN is having difficulty Staying awake, but every time his head drops it jerks him into wakefulness. .. ‘He looks across to the door. The li on the landing goes out, and he hears the door of hie par hedroom shut. He returns to his watching, but hie -eyes h to close. He jerks awake then his tired eyes close again. 4 clock chimes one. The room ie in silence. KEVIN han finally gone to sleep. Suddenly there is 2 eingle heavy thud, quite frightening, from the wardrobe. There is 2 pause. At first KEVIN does not wake, then follows 2 series of more very rapid heavy followed hy muffled cursing and quite undeniably human gr bre groans. KEVIN wakee and cautiously pulls himself BP o 36 Continued 7 Revised 6.5.60 . 6. Continued . 7 KEVIN can hear the wardrohe dnor creak open in the dark.
4) 14) text: tt isa’ zim, . sigut, ‘Gene ont aner7) . Before KEVIN can hide, the BANDITS as one tear across the room and leap onto the bed. RANDALL jumps across KEVIN's chest issuing orders. KEVIN struggles. _ WALLY gets kicked. Oo WALLY ¢ (Ow! My nose!
4) 20) text: i 7¢ «Continued : 7 . STRUTTER ehines the torch full in RANDALL's face. © ‘ RANDALL . . His face! : STUUTTER shines the torch in KEVIN's facs, KEVIN looks terrified. Tt's a kid!
4) 23) dialog: (still. wide-eyed with amazement) W owes W os. Why don't. you get out the way you.came? (grabhing Kevin hy the Byjama front) Don't try and be smart, you little ereep ... Pugnacious murmurs: fromthe other DWARVES as they advance "Little clever Dick" = "Smart arse!" etc.
4) 26) dialog: (beginning to back away) I'm not trying to be smart ... I'm just trying to help ... (advancing) You know ... don’t you ... oe KEVIN (backing away) I don't know anything. You know - and you're not going to tell us ~ well I'm getting angry! KEVIN ig pressed against the wall by this time. oot KEVIN, I. don't know, - And Vermin's getting hungry ...
4) 27) dialog: Aargh! ’The wall: he's leaning against suddenly moves back, #3‘ RANDALL lungee. KEVIN falls to the floor in amazement.
4) 30) dialog: It'e never done that before ... RANDALL hands. KEVIN the torch.
4) 38) dialog: Who?
4) 42) text: Who is that? Push! * The DWARVES push frantically. KEVIN looks hack in terror hewilderment. The SUPREME BEING (for it ig he) fills the passageway with his awesome presence. He makes to speak.: The DWARVES push. The SUPREME BEING levels his gaze upon them and shouts with the authority of many centuries.
4) 45) text: , : Scattering a few bedraggled geese, they race into the ‘ dive into the straw, wriggling out of sight as fast as RANDALL throws KEVIN to STRUTTER. fe KEVIN pe What is going - STRUTTER clamps his hand over the BOY's month and drags h out of sight. RANDALL hunches down behind a post near the door. He etares intently back at the spot they landed. Ee holds his breath. After a few tanse moments he lets out a ‘ sigh of reliez. / : i That was close -.. All clear.
4) 46) text: Slowly the others"peer out from their hiding places. - ST Teleases hie grip'on KEVIN. The DWARVES begin olimbing ou the straw. ‘Their eyes are wide with a. mixture of fear a relief. . . 4 : . Who are you? hy . . ‘. (rather impatient at By the interruption)’ | . ees Sab!
4) 48) text: EgVIN (his oa edged with i . . happened to my room ...? . Who was _ that man? ¢ . , FrIpGITr i uo . (the nioe one-- next = to Kevin) | ‘ That was no man ....that was the i Supreme Being. You mean God?
4) 73) dialog: (serambling out of the " , undergrowth and coto the road) . Help! Help! Help! Suddenly, taking ito his surroundings, KSVIN stops, Ee is standing in the middle of an avenne of trees ~ the avenue trees down which the KNIGHT from his wardrobe disappeared His shocked amazemeot is interrupted hy the sounds of thandering hoofbeats behind him. Spinning around, he ie practically trampled underfoot hy three madly galloping horses ridden hy Napolecoio Hussars. The horses rear out of control ta avoid the boy. KEVIN stands mesmerized. ‘(tvying to cootrol his 7 | reariog mount) Dammit. boy - these horses are ‘ valnable. © : (drawing his and coming at KEVIN) You little fool! : KEVIN is just mesmerized by these live representatives of favourite, toys. . . . .
4) 85) dialog: Napoleon ? KEVIN stops in-bis tracks. Yes, it's his city now. . (spits). {to KEVIN) C'mon boy ... you come with us if you know what's good tor you, KEVIN ° {he can't believe any of this) No thanks ... Napoleon ?!! KEVIN is caught in the jostling queue of REFUGEES.
4) 91) dialog: _ (full of eagerness) . Do you know where we are ?
4) 93) dialog: (oukbling over) We're in Italy! ... RANDALL pushea him down under the hridge.
4) 100) dialog: I'm sorry ... hut ... I mean ... . it's 1796 ... that's Castiglione .. he points towards the city in amazement) those are Napoleon's troops ... They lock at each cther.
4) 106) dialog: Er ... Kevin ... ‘ RANDALL Right, Kevin .. shut up and play your fe ' Gards right and we could make you a very rich man ... Fidgit ... you keep an eye on him ... Now are we a gang of desperate international thieves or not ... ?
4) 126) dialog: < (his face changes) * You! re not going to rob him ?
4) 128) dialog: That's Napoleon .... 17 18
4) 131) dialog: But -
4) 169) text: Yoltaize | vee 3 soe 2... Cyrano de 7 ws. 5... 34... Tamburleine the Great ... 4 foot Sf ... and three ‘ome QUarters ... As we come on ¢ to RANDALL,. there is a thud, RANDALL loo MAPCLEGH ‘bas finaly hit the table and passed out. ; “ of us oo . (with genuine admiration) Wasn't he interesting . ‘ KEVIN looks rather sad, WALLY makes a grab for ths bran , RANDALL smacks his hand sharply.
5) 5) text: .) (to KEVIN) C'mon ... don't just stand there. Sta
5) 6) text: They start to beave it out. KEVIN takes one last regretfu look at his pissed bero. INT. ‘STAIRCASE = NIGHT . : 31a The GANG drag their swag down the stairs. EXT. TOWN SQUARE © NIGHT : 32 ; Tas GUARDS shout attention as STRUTTER appears at the d All the SOLDIZRY etiffens to attention. — About turn! 7
5) 40) text: How ? io: vs RANDALL Because ... this used to belong to the Supreme Being e KEVIN Yon stole it ?
5) 42) dialog: . (looking around at the ; sylvan glade this idyllic’ i mediaeval afternoon) @ That's not bad ...
5) 51) dialog: The Pink Bunk A Doo 7?
5) 54) dialog: Holes ?
5) 56) dialog: Cor!
5) 73) text: 37 . CUP TO the DWARVES and KEVIN arriving at a glade just i te see that VINCENT and PANSY have been tied to a tree an @ group of EVIL MEN are stripping them of their monsy, bracelets, his fine jacket, eto. The DWARVES look on in admiration from the cover of eome
5) 85) dialog: Look! There's their camp! Sure enough there is noise and the smoke from cooking fir
5) 112) text: Thanks, trotber ... The GANG begin to gather up the swag. The ROBBERS are mightily impressed ... all except one who is eyeing KEVIN wuspiciously. i. Revised 28.4.30 : 38 ‘or . 38 © Contdoued : 38
5) 120) text: re xevix (dagenuously) Ta this yours ... ? He holds the dagger out. ‘There i9 a pause, then everyone . roars with laughter ... ROBBER 3 looks very pissed off. greta his knife heck and takes a swipe at KEVIN. a7 338 ” Revised 24.4.80 40 Continued 3 . Little thief ... ! Much laughter. OG and FIDGIT exchange a smile, the eemesphere is back to cordiality.
5) 162) dialog: Oc, I'd like tn stay. ROBIN turns to him. .
5) 164) text: cee getone sue eee semanas Revised 6.5.80 44 39  Cootioued ‘ 39 This is a great momect for KEVIN. He's just about to say somethiog to his hero, when RANDALL pulls him away.
6) 8) dialog: That's what Robin Hood always did... T knew that... (savagely) Oh of course you know it all... Revised 8.5.80 | 45 Continued -
8) 0) text: OG's strange voice does bave a sort of bypnotic effect on the DWARVES. KEVIN notices this. (quickly) ‘ No ... 20 ... let's go into the Future .. and see all tbe things they haven't invented yet ...  Everything'1ll be new and brilijant ... ! Robots and laser beams and ~ CUT FROM CLOSE UP of KEVIN to .
8) 9) dialog: Please «+. let's try the future ... know we'll find everything there ...
8) 15) text: Revised 28.4.80 S1A EXT. ROCKY STREAM EVENING a 445 . KEVIN. ae against the win Where's the hole ?-
8) 23) text: Tt can't be gil like this. KEVIN stnps a PASSER-BY who bas a model dump truck nn a l He seems tn de taking the truck .which is loaded with 2 b substahce..out for a ‘walk. ‘Excuse me .. where is this please ?
8) 28) dialog: We haven't got one ...
8) 33) dialog: and what year is it ?
8) 40) dialog: ef . . (trying to attract , PASSER-BY'a attention ) se Rave they got rocksts ... cut to the 25 ' planets ?
8) 48) dialog: (in anguish aa he runs) I'm sorry ... I thought it would he better than this ...
8) 73) dialog: Er ... I didn't believe the way yon ... the way you killed bim ...
8) 76) dialog: Who ... me? The WARRIOR looks round, with a smile. In every direction there is just desert and emptiness, . » KEVIN Oh ... yer ... yes ... Kevin...
8) 81) dialog: (a muffled, tinny : voice from inside) What 2? Mine ?
8) 83) dialog: (from inside) «ee yes please ...You rea y mean I can have it..
8) 85) dialog: No ... I can't, really ... Ter... I must wait ... . (he looks skywards, . . briefly) (lamely) “m mwith some friends .. ‘The GREEX WARRIOR makes an elaborate play of scanning the desert wastes. He smiles, puzzled. KEVIN . They'll be meeting me here soon .. . You see if I lese them I may never he able to get hack ... ’ GREEK WARRIOR Get hack ... where ? XSviIn Er... I'm not sure ... Te GREEX WARRIOR shakes his head.‘
8) 90) dialog: (suddenly deciding) No ... no... I'd like to come Please. Please! The GREEX WARRIOR reins in his horse at the last minute, grins, leans down and pulls KEVIN up onto his fine white stallion. Ee turns and gallops away.
8) 92) text: Ext. LOOKOUT TOWER Day . 50 .4 GREEX LOOKOUT standn on an ancient tower. Mountains stretch away in the distanoe, A great brase horn hangs trom 2 massive tripod. The LOOKOUT is husily polishing the horn. On notioing a distant cloud of dust, he interrupte hie labours and peers into the distance. He seems to recognize the RIDER on the white horse. Putting his lips to the horn he lets sound 2 hooming blast. ExT. COUNTRYSIDE Day s1 The resonating vibrations from the horn reach the GREEK WARRIOR and the BOY... KEVIN'es eyes light up. There in the distance stands the city ... a great mud-brick, towering affair: .. Mighty impreseive!! EX?. CITY STREETS nay oo 82 The hustleof everyday. Mycenean city lite ie interrupted hy the appearance of the WARRIOR and KEVIN on horeehack at the far end ‘of the street. The ‘populace hegin to clamour and cheer as they ride up the street.
8) 93) dialog: : (shouting) You're a-hero!
9) 0) text: and her THREE BUDDIES from the Justice Department smile w The crowd fall silent. KEVIN looks round expectantly. The WARRIOR turns to the CROWD and raises the bull's head. Noticing KEVIN has shrunk hack he whispers lnt@ly tn him motions with his head for KEVIN tn stand next to him.
9) 4) dialog: (tugging WARRIOR's eleeve) The King! He's coming!
9) 6) text: Revised 28.4.80 664 62 Continusd 62 A great, spitted roast ox is brought in. Oobs and 4h's. A shaven-headed brute of a MAN (Amos Beefcake hy name) raises a golden sword, and splits the ox in two. To the delight of the AUDIENCE, fruit tumbles ont - mangoee, pert little peaches, oranges, etc. As they sit, KEVIN is still lost in sheer delight and pleasure.
9) 7) dialog: You really mean I shall stay here for ever ... AGAMEMNON nods with a smile.
9) 43) text: Revised 28.4.80 72 Continued 65 COUPLES in evening dress, cigarette holders, etc., wander by. In the backgeound waltzing COUPLES are seen in sil~ houette through the hallroom windows as an orchestra play somewhere OUT OF SHOT. We TRACK WITH COUPLES and pick up KEVIN in. ths foreground staring disconsolately out to se He is dressed in smart new period olothes. Behind him, in a row of deckchaire, recline the GANG dressed to the nine tuxedos and bow ties. Thsy are glittering with gold rings flash wristwatches and pomaded hair. Each of them smokes a fat cigar. Champagne bottles are being emptied. We TIGHTEN IN ON THEM. VERMIN is speaking to a WAITER.
9) 47) dialog: Ths money wasn't important.
9) 60) text: Hail King Agamemnon! KEVIN'e jew drops way down to his fibia.
9) 62) dialog: ‘There's a man getting cut in half here. It must bave been a hriliiant battle ...
9) 73) text: ‘come here, “I'll show you something much more useful ... KEVIN crosses to the table. AGAMEMNON pulls over a couple of’ goblets and moticos to KEVIN to fetch another.
9) 76) dialog: (after some consideration) That one ... KING turns it up, nothing there. <XEVIN shakes head and p to the next. KING turns it up, oothiog thsre, with a sigh of resignation EEVIN turns up the other ... it's not ther AGAMEMNON ,grina and produces it from KEVIN's ear.
9) 77) dialog: Kings areo't suppoeed to do things like that! AGAMEMNON laughs and gete up.
9) 83) text: Ext. CITY WALLS Dar 57 AGAMEMNON and KEVIN accompanied hy GUARDS walk through a garden along the hase of the towering walls of the city. FRUIT PICKERS and GARDENERS are at work.
9) 84) dialog: But I thought King Agamemnon was - always fighting ... he was a warrior. Al * 3 (face clouds) Meomm_ ... but when yon're not fighting that's the good time ... that's when yon have time to learn things ... like how to use qne. of these ... AGAMEMNON pulis: Was koife ‘trom its sheath, It's very si but beantiful. He nance it to KEVIN.
9) 85) dialog: and far be able to kill Trojans ... ° (he starts to mock stah at a FRUIT PICKER) Not « (heLlowing) (be grabs the knife from Kevin's hand, ontting * tare himself in the process) Don't ever do that ... never in fun. (noticing blood on his band he calms down) There are better uses like ... er ... Slicing apples ... _XSvIn (a little scorntully) ‘Slicing apples! AGAMEMNON ‘picks up bp a couple of applee froma pallst .. them to ote of the GUARD to throw them. The GUARD tosses an epple up; flash AGAMEMNON's blade whips through the air and » aad indicates with his head to the “"' quick as 2 ales the apple and embeds it in the trunk of 2 tree. There is @. then it falls neatly in two halvee.onto the ground. paus KEVIN's jaw drops. goee across, picks up the apple
9) 98) text: > AGAMEMNON ‘ Then 1. ; “ RBVIN # I can stay! No more questions, To hed, and sleep well. 1 may have a surprise for you tomorrow ... KEVIN eatands eagerly. KEVIN ‘ REVIN What sortof surprise ?
9) 99) text: Wait till tomorrow ... - They shake hands solemaly. KEVIN suddealy trowne.
9) 100) dialog: It won't ... It won't suddenly go 4 away... all this, will it ...?
9) 105) text: 59 Revised 24.4.80 67A Int. KEVIN'S ROOM NORNING . 59 KEVIN's room in the castle at Mycenae, next morning. KEVIN wakes. The sun is streaming through. A marvellous day, a superb, clear blue-skied, gentle~breeze soft, sweet-smelling Mediterranean morning, the like nf which only exists in the minds nf balf-crazed Englishmen writing in Kentish Town, NWS, in January. Continued
9) 108) text: 62° Revised 28.4.60 68 Continued oa 59 Slowly KEVIN's eyes focus on the room. His expreseina ,enddenly changes. Thers towering over him are two prieet ia terrifying-lonking masks. One of them hnida in hie hands a blindfold that hs thrusts down tawarde the CAMERA. Blacknese. INT. PASSAGEWAY DaY 60 The PRIESTS lead KEVIN, blindfolded, along a paseageway. Much activity is going around them ... Preparation far sa important event.
9) 109) dialog: What are yon doing ... where are ynu taking me ? : . ‘ HEAD PRIEST These are King Agamemnaon's instructinns. INT, PALACE COURTYARD Day : 6t KEVIN is led ont intn a prilifant : sunlit cnurtyard. ATTENDANTS fuss around hin. He is lifted up. The blindfold ie removed. He finds himself mounted upon a magnificent horse with bsautiful gold wings rising from its breastplate. A rich robe has been put around KEVIN an on bis head is a gold headdress. The hnurse canters aroun ths courtyard. The ATTENDANTS bow. One of the. COURT OFFICIALS motinns to KEVIN to goide ths harse thraugb the . doorway into ths Palace Hall. KEVIN does sn. JINT. PALACE HALL Day 62 KEVIN enters the hall on his magnificent winged horse. There is the entire court assembled. AGAMEMNON motions KE over to ths royal throns. Next tn it is a smaller throne. KEVIN is seated on it. Then hs is showered with wondrous golden gifte. AGAMEMNON rises and hnlds np his hand for silence. ' ;
9) 114) dialog: Go away!
9) 117) dialog: Why couldn't you leave me ... where I was happy ... RANDALL ; (looking around with exaggerated caution, then speaking close and confidentially to KEVIN, his eyes suddenly alight with enthusiasm) Because you're going to hs a lot happier when you hear what we've got planned ... (he leans even further in) I was having a close look at the map last night, and you know what I found ... (impressivs pauss) Og was right ... (another impressive pause) «. the Most Fabulous Object in the World .. it does exist. He looks at KEVIN impressivsly, waiting for 2 reaction th doesn't come. KEVIN just shakes his head wearily. RANDALL puts his glass on the rail, and eyes an elderly VICAR who happens to he taking the air right hsaside him, with such malevolance that he moves rather quickly away, RANDALL th produces the map. 65 Revised
9) 121) dialog: The Time of Legends! It doesn't exist.
9) 123) dialog: T 1... ch. (he turns away dismissively)
9) 125) dialog: I've just lost everything .. because of you lot...
9) 156) dialog: Not
9) 160) text: 67 Continned . 67 He slips off the plank. Only KEVIN remains clinging on. He looks on in horror as FIDGIT gurgles and thrashes in t water. KEVIN has to belp him.
9) 161) dialog: I'm coming, Fidgit! I'll save you. So KEVIN lets go of the plank .. it drifts away. All the DWARVES are starting to panic and scream and thrash about
9) 162) dialog: Randall! You're gad! But at that moment a whirlpool forms and travels towards them faster and faster. They can't stay afloat, they're being sucked down ... mocking laughter mixes with their screams, : ’ » 68 INT. EVIL GENIUS’ GROTTO DAY , 63 The EVIL GENIUS is gloating over their desperate plight.
12) 0) text: CUT TO misty sea. The DWARVES and KEVIN are swimming towards the hoat. They're suddenly transfixed hy the unearthiy sound of the gargler (mouthwasher).
14) 29) dialog: What you need is stretching.
14) 31) dialog: A man etretched my father once, and he never had any trouhle.
14) 33) dialog: We could do it for you.
15) 0) text: . MRS. OGRE is cheerfully preparing some vicious looking and long skewers, making sure they're the right length fo each DWARF. She ie singing her fondue song. She whietles happily .. suddenly she heare a sharp groan from outside .. she looks up. 88 Ext. OGRE'S BOAT DAY 86 The OGRE is flat out, stretched on deck. KEVIN and RANDAL WALLY have one arm each, FIDGIT and STRUTTER one leg, OG and VERMIN the other ...
15) 1) dialog: And heave ... They pull the OGRE apart.
16) 3) dialog: Left ... right ... left ... right +++ and over!
16) 8) dialog: (to GANG) Quick! Get in the pot!
17) 1) dialog: (as the hoat careers out of shot) Quick! Ths rudder! Be and RANDALL make a grab for the rudder as the boat sai away. CUT TO a shot of the hoat fairly moving along. They look hack. Dim sounds of the OGRE sneezing and coughing recede into the distance.
18) 0) text: Later. STRUTTER and RANDALL are at the rudder. OG and KEVIN are lashing sail to the boom. VERMIN has 2 huge box of fish and hands some out, raw, to KEVIN, WALLY and FIDG
18) 15) dialog: (beckons impatiently) Come on! EXT. . MISTY SEA Dar 93 As the tiny figure of RANDALL slides down the pole, the GIANT's head glides swiftly through the eea. INT. OGRE'S CABIN Day RANDALL rushes in to the huddisd gang. EXT. MISTY SEa DAY 95 * she GIANT continuee on his way unaware of the activity the cabin. Somewhsre in the distance is heard a baby's cr EXT. TROLL’S HOUSE Day 96 CUT TO a tumbly down cottage at the edge of the sea. Outside eits an unhappy TROLL. From insids comes the fear some cry of a BABY. Continually popping in and out of the dc + to rail at her hushand and to scream at the BABY is Nagging TROLL WIFE. In the distance can be esen the GIANT head making its way across the sea towarde the TROLL's cottage. As they squabhle in the foreground, the GIANT riese insxorably out ofthe sea, looming large and larger his upper portions disappearing into the clouds. With eac massive footstep the cottage shuddere but the TROLLS, too immersed in their petty arguing, fail to notice. The GIAN in turn, completely unaware of the existence of the TROLL family, manages to step directly on thsir house - just as MRS TROLL rushes inside to silence ths BABY. With a might crunch and crash most of the houee is flattened and both MRS TROLL and the BaBY are silencsd for good. Ths TROLL - without noticing the cause of the sudden peace and quiet breathes a sigh of rslist.
18) 20) text: 96a Revised 6.5.80 S2a INT. OGRE'S CABIN DaY 96a The GANG are desperate to find a way to stop the GIANT taking them too far off course. They start tearing up the floorboards of the cabin. 97 98 99 100 101 102 103 93 EXT. GIANT'S HEAD Day 97 Ae cloude swirl round his head, the GIANT continuee on bi way, but he becomes aware of a slight discomfort somewber on top of his ekull. INT. OGRE'S CaBIN Day 38 The GANG have ripped up a section of the floor exposing a bit of the GIANT's bald head. 0G has a eledge hammer an is hitting the GIANT's skull as hard as he can in a pathe attempt to knock him out. _ KEVIN, realising the futility of thie, decides to do so stronger. He clambere up the stepe to the OGRE'’e medicin eheet and there, amongst all the remedies, finds a great jar of sleeping potion. Making hie way to the kitohen, be grabs a bellows with a particularly long enout on it and fills it with the potion. Sack at the GIANT's exposed pat he equirte a bit of the potion into the air - like a doct with 2 hypodermic needle of serum, and with a mighty jab injects the potion into the top of the GIANT'e head. EXT. GIANT'S HEAD Day 99 ‘The GIANT reacts to the injection as if he has just been bitten by 2 mosquito. He shifts the boat on his head.
18) 35) dialog: We're not getting anywhere, Randall, we're nowhere near the Host Fabulous late. head. He Let. me -see.... let me see, Benson ... The DWARVES are wandering about wearily trying to find a po. now... that I can guide them to me. ‘The PICTURE is SLOWLY CLOSING on 0G. | +.» I must try to help them along the ... way. : e 108 EXT, ROCKY LANDSCAPE DAY CLOSE ON OG looking very wide-eyed and scared 104 105 106 107 ‘2S 109 Revised 24.4.80 95a Continued : 109 Wrapped in the wehs are several cocoon-shaped hundles, and in these hundles, hound tightly, their mouths gag: are several young, handsome blond KNIGHTS. Their eye:
18) 40) dialog: So you're looking for the Most Pabulous Object in the World ... Ripple of surprise amongst the GANG.
18) 50) dialog: (angrily, desperately) You can't keep them in hers like that!
18) 52) dialog: No... I'm cot going to .. (he raisee the knife) You can't leave people to die just because of your greed! I tell you Agamemnoo would be .. As be lunges forward, knife upraised, RANDALL quite ceatly and eharply knocks him seceelees witb a karate chop to the ceck. This impreseee MAISIE greatly and etirs her somewhat to look oo RANDALL witb cew eyes.
18) 70) text: Dragging the seneelees KEVIN, they retreat out of the cav EXT. CAVE Day oS 110 The GANG rush out of the cave dragging KEVIN. They scramb out of ehot.
19) 1) dialog: (slowly coming round) Where are we ?
19) 3) dialog: Did we save them ?
19) 11) dialog: 7 It's a trap! STRUTTER starts as 2 huge hand/tree comes crashing down ° . near him. Thsy ars all in a highly asrvous, almost sf hysterical etats after their recent experiences.
20) 0) text: OG's eyes are shining. No-one wants to make the firet mov KEVIN reacts, with an anxious look arcund him, to the str wind. The wind drops. OG leads off. With a last exchange ‘ of glancee, making it clear that greed has won the day, 114 GANG descend the hill towards the citadel. In the backgro a hand/tree crashes to the ground. KEVIN heads off after the GANG, Ext. CITADEL Dar 1l4 High up on the face of the citadel is a window from which _ BENSON observes the approach of the GANG. Ae he looks d 115 116 the CAMERA TILTS down the face of the gatehouse until it eouss to rest on the DWARVES, far below, crossing the dra tr e. EXT. CITADEL ENTRANCE Dat 118 The enormous portal engulfs the GANG as they hesitantly enter the citadel.
21) 5) dialog: No! But it is too late to reetrain the dazzled GANG. With cri of delight they rush forward to claim the thing they're told-everybody wante.. KEVIN is unable to reetrain them. As they rush deeperately around the maze, the COMPERE is joined from hehind by KEVIN'S PARENTS, madly grinning and arrayed in glittering outfits. KEVIN is stunned. He doeen't know what to do. His parents urge him forward. He holds hack. The DWARVES career msdly through the maze. It'e like s nightmare to KEVIN - the parents continue to beckon. The DWARVES have now reached the foot of the stairs and stop breathlesely. The COMPERE and KEVIN'S PARENTS beam down at them. As the deliriously excited DWARVES make their final atavistic hid for ultima grsed.
21) 7) text: 7 iS 117 Revieed 28.4.80 103 Continued The Most Fahnlous Ohject suddenly disappears and in the Place of the COMPERE and KEVIN'S PARENTS stand the EVIL GENIUS and ROBERT and BENSON. The GANG shriek and turn to run but, with a deafening rumble and clang a eturdy iron cage descends around them trapping them inside. Helplesely they grah at the hars. KEVIN turns and runs for the door, only to run straight into the hlack folds of one of EVIL'e hideous henchmen, a towering, animal skulled, hlack rohed creature who hegins to move towards the distant platform. KEVIN strugglee with no effect. EVIL mounts the steps and turne, His mocking, triumphant laugh echoes through the halls ... suddenly a tiny fignre races up from one side and leaps agilely towards the cage. The EVIL GENIUS’ laugh fades as he- watches HORSEFLESH race for the cage. He reaches the cage and hreathleesly and with a mighty key he unlocke the cage door ... and enters. The hapless DWARVES are amazed,
22) 0) text: CUT TO rat crawling down heavy rope which supports the gr metal cage in which KEVIN and the reet of the GANG sit dieconsolately around - their legs dangling through the hars that make up the hottom of the cage. The cage is now hanging high ahove the ahyes into which HORSEFLESH wa hurled. Some distancs away are two eimilar cagee. However their occupants are crumhled SKELETONS in agonisi poses. No-one speaks for a while. They are just alone with their failure, and the occaeional rat crawling down
22) 8) text: Hey! All the DWARVES turn. They'd almost forgotten him, KEVIN clambers to his feet, and across to the DWARVES.
22) 9) dialog: Look at this! 118 Revised 6.5.30 Continued They gather round the phote, he holds the magnifying glas
22) 11) dialog: 
22) 14) dialog: D'yon eee what I eee ? incomprekension from the dieillusioned band.
22) 15) dialog: The map!
22) 17) dialog: Look closer ... the Time of Legends .. see .. ? See the Fortress of Ultimate Darknese ?
22) 23) dialog: Everywhere ...
22) 39) dialog: Now all we need is the map ...
22) 41) dialog: We must get the map.
22) 43) dialog: Evil'e got the map ... Randall! ‘ RANDALL Damn right .. the last thing we want to do is see him again ... come on, quick! He makes to go, but KEVIN holds him firmly back.
22) 44) dialog: Den't you see ? That's all he wanted. So long as he has the map he can destroy the. world. We'll never get away from him. RANDALL groans wretchedly.
22) 50) dialog: (to STRUTTER) Strutter ? STRUTTER noda a little unsurely.
22) 51) dialog: og ? OG nods with his usual eagerness, though he hasn't the fi idea ahout what's going on. EEVIN . Vermin ? j
26) 4) dialog: (bisses) Quick! 126 Revised 26.4.80 113 Continued . 126 He holda the door as they turn and race out. The scufflin makes EVIL whip round from his screen ... he registers th map has gone ... and screams:
26) 8) dialog: Randall! You go and get help ... go down the hole ... go wherever you can and hring hack whatever you can!
26) 10) dialog: No I'll stay and draw them away ... (he holds up the map) . ++. This ie what he wants. It may delay him. “RANDALL On your own? home 129 130 431/ 132°
26) 13) dialog: No I'11 take one other ...
26) 15) dialog: Yes, Og and me will etay ... try and get help ... quick! INT. CITADEL CORRIDORS Dar 130 KEVIN and OG dodge through the corridors. Firehalls whirl past them. Baying einieter SHAPES crash after them. The evil forces get cloeer and closer. 131/ DELETED ety INT, GREAT HALL «DAY. 133 KEVIN and OG charge through a doorway and discover themse in a coloseal hall. The floor and one sloping stone wall are coloured in a gigantic chequerhoard pattern. Great st hlecke are piled up in odd formations. A large section of ceiling has collapsed and light streams in from this jagg opening high above. In the centre of this pool of lignt etands EVIL. Behind the BOY and the DEMI-PIG are EVIL'S FORCES. They are trapped. EVIL gazes smugly at KEVIN.
26) 19) text: 133 Revised 2B.4.80 116 Continued ‘ 133 KEVIN grabs a torch from a nearby column and holds the ma heside it. The EVIL GENIUS snarls .. KEVIN has the initiative again.
26) 20) dialog: Call off thoss ... creatures ... or I destroy ths map for ever ..
26) 25) dialog: No! EVIL is close, quick as a flash hie arm goes up. KEVIN screams and olutchss his face; when he looks he sees EVIL leering in triumph, map held aloft, and ahout to do Something very nasty to KEVIN. He advances, KEVIN hurls himself to the floor. EVIL turns and is ahout to crush him when suddenly there is an almighty crash. KEVIN thinks he's dead and instinctively shuts his eyes tight. But when he opens them he sess the EVIL GENIUS has frozen with arm upraised and is staring hehind KEVIN. Nothing
26) 26) text: 4 133 Revised 28.4.80 oi 117 Continued . 133 less than a huge Sherman tank crashee ite way through the wall with RANDALL at the controle. _ KEVIN is amazed. From another doorway a cry of "Kevin!" and a group of mounted fully-armoured KNIGHTS led hy STRUTTER gallop up to KEVIN's eide. A strange whining noise announces the arrival of a Strange futuristic laser gun device. Descending on anti-gravity pads from above their heads, WALLY ie manoeuvring it into position, From somewhere else in the dark receeeee of the hall comes gunfire and a POSSE of American COWBOYS gallops up, whooping and hollering as they do. VERMIN rides with one of them. KEVIN whirls round unable to take it all in. Finally to the clatter of a horse-drawn chariot, FIDGIT arrives. He etands in the chariot next to the GREEK KING, Behind them at a dog-trot are a company of GREEK ARCHERS. KEVIN cannot belidve it. He rushes to AGAMEMNON’s chariot and embraces him.
26) 35) text: 133 118 Continued . 133 faster he spins. The COWBOYS hold on for dear life at the end of their ropee. Higher and higher they epin. Faster and faster whirls the EVIL GENIUS. The GANG looks on in horror. From the centre of the red whirling SHAPE that is the EVIL GENIUS comes an arm with a vicious-looking knife hseitatee for a moment, and then, slicee. The ropes part and the COWBOYS sail through the air... right through the window opening high in the wall. One of them arce right o the heads of KEVIN’S FORCES and is gone. The COWBOYS are dead. The EVIL GENIUS has etopped spinning and laughe. Th . GANG ie etunnsd into eilence. KEVIN is angry. Ee summons the KNIGHTS and deploye them in a great semi-c around the EVIL GENIUS. At the BOY’e signal they charge. Their mighty horsee shake ths ground with their pounding hooves. Deadly lancee point directly at the EVIL GENIUS a the KNIGHTS cannon towards him. Calmly he removes from th folds of his rohe a gas mask. Sscuring it in place he thr his arme upwards. From the sleevee of hie coetume great jets of thick hlack smoke shoot skywards. The KNIGHTS are practically upon him when a curtain of hlack smoke descen around them. Obecured from view, the KNIGHTS can he heard to be wreaking the most awful vengeance on the unfortunat EVIL GENIUS. The BOY and the DWARVES wait expectantly. Suddenly all is quiet. and then, from the depths of the black emoke appears a horse - galloping riderless avay. A second horee appeare. Also riderless. Then another. And another, The BOY and the DWARVES etand aghast ae the smoke lifte revealing a tangled mass of KNIGHTS ~ all impaled on each other's lances. They form a terrihle free standing eculpture. The EVIL GENIUS stands next to hie work smiling smugly. Angrily, the GREEK KING ordere hie ARCHERS forward. They rush into position and, drawing back their hows, ist fly deadly shower of arrows. As the arrows course across the eky the EVIL GEN1LUS swirls his red robe around him with defiant eweep. Pulling hack, we. can see he has turned himself into a giant red. pincuehion = complete ‘with gia thimhle, needle and thread. The arrows thump into the sof Pincuehion. Drawing in a huge breath, ths EVIL GENIUS expande the pincushion. and then, with a great grunt, he expels the arrows from the pincuehion ~ sending them flying hack to where they came fron. Everyone runs for cover hut to no avail. The ARCHERS are wiped out to the last man. KEVIN orders the tank and the laeer gun to open up on the EVIL GENIUS but the EVIL GENIUS is ahle to cont the machines. The DWARVES can’t stop thsm from heing turn on KEVIN and the .othere. The machinee have gone berserk. The GANG is caught in the crossfire. The tank rumhles to~ wards them. KEVIN slips and ie about to he cruehed under the tracks when the GREEK KING rushee out and snatches hi away in the nick of time. But in so doing the GREEK KING ie cut down hy the laser gun. He is hurled along the grou with a cry.
26) 39) text: Revieed 28.4.30 113g Continued . 133 The EVIL GENIUS laughs wildly at this. But the GREEK KING has landed just. below the EVIL GENIUS and unnoticed by t EVIL GENIUS he reaches for his knifs, and ie ahout to fli it on the unprotected back of the EVIL GENIUS, when KEVIN e@ees the danger and screams:
26) 40) dialog: No! The EVIL GENIUS whips round to see AGAMEMNON pull himssl¢ up, and make to throw the knife as the roof above him cru hurying him beneath the rubble. KEVIN looks back at the smoking pile of rubble. His eyes till with tears that pour uncontrollably down his cheeks. Through it all hie anger returns. Defiantly he confronts the snarling figure of EVIL triumphant. The GANG cowers in abeolute terror. There ie nowhere elee to run. It is the end. The figure of EVIL ecems to swell, the leer becomes terrifyingly ugly. The eyes burn down. He begins to glow as he summons all hie terrifying power. The DWARVES look helplessly for cover but all is destroye The GANG screams. Then euddenly, from somewhere behind them a gigantic bolt of lightning splits the air and strikes the EVIL GENIUS dead centre. He turns to carbon. A perfect charcoal ’ replica of his former self - petrified for evar. KEVIN and the DWARVES spin around to ese who or what it was tha saved them. Lo and behold, it is none other than the SUPREME BEING. The DWARVES are at oncs elated and at the Same time terrified. The SUPREME BEING has finally caught up with them. RANDALL . (protrating himself on the floor and urging the others to do the same) Get down! Get down! Then the SUPREME BEING euddenly, before their very averte eyee, metamporphoses from his glowing radiant impressive long white-flowing bearded self to a rather ordinary bureaucrat in a not very well-fitting suit. He shakes himself. He eeems to be tired and irritable. He'e not unliks Alec Guinness playing George Smiley, but quite unlike Dirk Bogarde in "The Spanish Gardener’.
26) 64) dialog: Mine, eir.
26) 67) text: Bb 133 KEVIN signe. SUPREME BEING checke signature and puts book
26) 73) dialog: . You mean, you let all those people die just to test your creation ?
26) 75) dialog: But why did they have to die ?
26) 78) dialog: Yee, why do we have to have Evil ?
26) 96) dialog: Don't leave me ... don't leave me. Smoke from the vanishing SUPREME BEING hegins to swirl ar him.
27) 0) text: KEVIN wakes up in his bed - smoke is all around him.
27) 1) dialog: (half-asleep) Don't leave me ... please ... Smoke is hillowing into the room ... and the door is bein hashed down, FIREMEN rush in. i ‘ FIREMAN Come on ... come on, x SEVIN e What happened ? What happened ?
27) 2) text: 134 135 136 137. Rsvised 28.4.80 124 Continued : 134 As the FIREMEN drag him out of the room, they crush KEVIN chequer hoard lying balf folded on the floor. On the cheq hoard reets a toy tank, laser gun and a variety of toy cowhoys, knights, and archers. It looks to he a close cop of the Great Hall.
28) 0) text: KEVIN is dragged out of ths smoking, sparking interior of house. His MOTHER is frantically trying to go hack in to eave some prize appliance - FIREMEN restrain her. KEVIN's FATHER is trying to explain to another FIREMAN how the hl hegan - something to do with the auto-toaster wire gettin connected to the eezi-heat speed cooking over - they are all hustled out of shot. NEIGHBOURS rush from their house
29) 0) text: The INHABITANTS of the flaming, exploding housing estate eluster in the early morning light - their hair in curler dressing gowns clutched ahout them, the odd rescued gadge in their arms. The housing estate is engulfed in a holoca of smoke's flames as these good folks hicksr amongst them as to who is to blame for the disaster. KEVIN separatee himself from the petty acquisitive consum oriented crowd. A faint smile actually appears on his fac Then he notices he still has his satchsl around his neck. He dips into it and pulls out his Polaroid - as he doee a couple of picturee fall out onto the ground. He takes a picture of the demise of the housing estate and turns and walks off towards the rising sun. A slight hreeze flips the fallen photos over as they lie on the ground. We clos in on one of them. It 4e the picture of the GANG in Sherwood Forest. Over this we hear the eound of the DWARV marching song.
30) 0) text: Over the hrow of the hill marchee KEVIN to the beat of th DWARVES' marching song. In the distance hehind him can he seen the smoke from the consumed estate. As he risee over @ ridge we eee he is not alone. There strung out hehind him is the GANG heartily singing their song. We pan with them as they march across the hill until we face the morn sun. As it hlazes into the lens KEVIN and the GANG march etraight into it as the song crescendoes toward a magnifi finale. CREDITS ROLL.