4) 5) dialog: . (fearfully) It's Bim! They try tn race away from the light. Like frightened lit animals they rush here and there along the walls. (panicked) He's found us!
4) 15) text: Help him ... Og, help him!
4) 16) dialog: . Who?
4) 63) dialog: (puzzled) Yes....2 - te * RANDALL Are you : me — oa . Ma? ‘ FIDGIT - (helpfully) Yee, 'e here ...
5) 0) text: Back, in the hanqueting room. The walle have heen strippe hare.and all the treasure gathered into ‘the tapestry. OG goes across to the eleeping NAPOLEON, takes the rings one hand, then reaches for the other hand which NAPOLEON has tucked in his tunic, and removes it. It turns ont to gold bee very precious. They unscrew it and drop it in th swag * . . STRUTTER enters in agitation. ‘Thirty eeconds! . This galvanisee everyhody. You found the hole?
5) 64) dialog: (confused) Yeah ... stinking Kevin ..
5) 71) text: Help! Robbers! ... ‘ 2 OG That's us. seed Another scream - ‘Help!‘
5) 120) text: re xevix (dagenuously) Ta this yours ... ? He holds the dagger out. ‘There i9 a pause, then everyone . roars with laughter ... ROBBER 3 looks very pissed off. greta his knife heck and takes a swipe at KEVIN. a7 338 ” Revised 24.4.80 40 Continued 3 . Little thief ... ! Much laughter. OG and FIDGIT exchange a smile, the eemesphere is back to cordiality.
5) 164) text: cee getone sue eee semanas Revised 6.5.80 44 39  Cootioued ‘ 39 This is a great momect for KEVIN. He's just about to say somethiog to his hero, when RANDALL pulls him away.
5) 165) text: Come on ... we're leaving! They turn away and with as much dignity as possible, RAND leads his MEN off. Some of them cast loogicg glances back at the rapidly re-distributiog wealth.
6) 0) text: A fork of lighteniog cracks across a darkeoing, wild, forbidding sky. Rain pours down. The atmosphere is suddenly very differeot. It is dark and dangerous. and a storm is brewing... the GANG are strung cot sicgle file. They have to shoot to make themselves heard as they straggle back. Ag they emerge into 2 glade there are VINCENT and PANSY, ecaked to the skin, still lashed to the tree. | EX-HONKS are robhicg the couple of their last beloogicgs. The DWARVES ignore the wretched COUPLE. ‘We are got & charity organisation ... We're thieves! eould at 1 e We at least have stayed and talked
6) 2) text: Don't. worry about a thiog, darliog.
6) 44) text: e+» I mean, I would have started with lasers ... I mean that would have heen 8 o'élock on Day One. ‘ROBERT I can't wait for the new technological dawn. -
6) 58) text: Yee... Master... He turng to a wheel. : EVIL turns and etaree tote the poo the picture closes in on OG as BENSON turns the wheel. They're all wet and cross.
6) 63) dialog: No ... T got an idea core They all turn oo the usually amiable, taciturn and toooca dim little 0G.
6) 70) dialog: (continuing) There is a place where we could find the greatest thing a man could want .. the goal of everybody'e bopes and dreams .. .
6) 72) dialog: The Most Fabulous Object in the Yorld .. They all look interested.
8) 0) text: OG's strange voice does bave a sort of bypnotic effect on the DWARVES. KEVIN notices this. (quickly) ‘ No ... 20 ... let's go into the Future .. and see all tbe things they haven't invented yet ...  Everything'1ll be new and brilijant ... ! Robots and laser beams and ~ CUT FROM CLOSE UP of KEVIN to .
8) 8) dialog: (etdll in his strange voice) Come with me...
8) 10) dialog: NO woe MO vee
8) 92) text: Ext. LOOKOUT TOWER Day . 50 .4 GREEX LOOKOUT standn on an ancient tower. Mountains stretch away in the distanoe, A great brase horn hangs trom 2 massive tripod. The LOOKOUT is husily polishing the horn. On notioing a distant cloud of dust, he interrupte hie labours and peers into the distance. He seems to recognize the RIDER on the white horse. Putting his lips to the horn he lets sound 2 hooming blast. ExT. COUNTRYSIDE Day s1 The resonating vibrations from the horn reach the GREEK WARRIOR and the BOY... KEVIN'es eyes light up. There in the distance stands the city ... a great mud-brick, towering affair: .. Mighty impreseive!! EX?. CITY STREETS nay oo 82 The hustleof everyday. Mycenean city lite ie interrupted hy the appearance of the WARRIOR and KEVIN on horeehack at the far end ‘of the street. The ‘populace hegin to clamour and cheer as they ride up the street.
9) 20) text: Revised 24.4,80 ey Cootinued ¢ 62 the BOY firmly. They think he is tryicg to go back for more booty. Unfortuoately time is up. Reachiog dowo, the DWARVES Lift up 2 riog of cloth that eccloses then aod the riches. The CROWD holds its breath. The sloth collapses. The SOY, tbe DWARVES, acd the goodies are goce The CROWD applauds madly. Ext, TITANTS Dar 3 An ocean liner, circa 1912. Steaming along io stately fashiooe ... Ext. TITANIC DECS Dar 64 TWO COUPLES in period costume, cigarette boldere, ete. wander by. Another YOUNG COUPLE = be io white flancels, cravat - she io teonis gear « come TOWARDS CAMERA aod, leaniog oo the rail, they stare out to sea. The music pare in the ‘background, They've just met aod they are ove. He turns to her adoringly ...
9) 144) dialog: (in hie strange voice) Now is the time to begin our quest for the Most Fabulous Ohject, Randall.
10) 0) text: CUT TO holling watery surface. The watsr is buochiog itself up. With a great whoosh it spite out one of the GANG - high into the air. He arcs through the mist aod theo splashes hack ioto the sea. Whoosh = two more DWARVE catapult out of the sea and fly through the air. Another aod theo another make their appearacce. Whoosh. Splash. Whoosh. Splash. Splutteriog and thrashiog ahout in the water they hecome aware of a chaoge io their appearaoce. Their hlack eveoing dress bas somehow changed colour - th are oow dressed all io white. They look arouod a hit dis- mayed. FIDGIT is struggliog, theo suddeoly eases. They all look round a hit fearfully. 7 7
10) 2) dialog: (poiotiog into the distance) Look ... There io the mist-shrouded dietance is a strange evil-loo hoat languidly listiog its way across the sea. .
13) 0) text: Cur BACK to the boat, OGRE picks up a large net and lumbers out of the door. Just as he is about to go out, he catches sight of himself in a mirror. He stops and puts his face close to the glass.
13) 5) text: 808 Revised 24.4.80 834 ExT. OGRE'S BOAT DAY . 80B The OGRE starts to get his net ready, grumbling the while
14) 4) text: MRS. OGRE stands hack and admires them.
14) 24) text: Revised 24.4.80 85a Continued 82 MRS. OGRE disappears .. muttering ch " this is wonderful" RE cheerfuily .. "Oh
15) 0) text: . MRS. OGRE is cheerfully preparing some vicious looking and long skewers, making sure they're the right length fo each DWARF. She ie singing her fondue song. She whietles happily .. suddenly she heare a sharp groan from outside .. she looks up. 88 Ext. OGRE'S BOAT DAY 86 The OGRE is flat out, stretched on deck. KEVIN and RANDAL WALLY have one arm each, FIDGIT and STRUTTER one leg, OG and VERMIN the other ...
18) 0) text: Later. STRUTTER and RANDALL are at the rudder. OG and KEVIN are lashing sail to the boom. VERMIN has 2 huge box of fish and hands some out, raw, to KEVIN, WALLY and FIDG
18) 5) text: 91 92 Revised 14.4.80 91 Cootioued . 904 At that momeot, the boat lurches wildly to starboard aod they ars fluog coto the other rail.
18) 20) text: 96a Revised 6.5.80 S2a INT. OGRE'S CABIN DaY 96a The GANG are desperate to find a way to stop the GIANT taking them too far off course. They start tearing up the floorboards of the cabin. 97 98 99 100 101 102 103 93 EXT. GIANT'S HEAD Day 97 Ae cloude swirl round his head, the GIANT continuee on bi way, but he becomes aware of a slight discomfort somewber on top of his ekull. INT. OGRE'S CaBIN Day 38 The GANG have ripped up a section of the floor exposing a bit of the GIANT's bald head. 0G has a eledge hammer an is hitting the GIANT's skull as hard as he can in a pathe attempt to knock him out. _ KEVIN, realising the futility of thie, decides to do so stronger. He clambere up the stepe to the OGRE'’e medicin eheet and there, amongst all the remedies, finds a great jar of sleeping potion. Making hie way to the kitohen, be grabs a bellows with a particularly long enout on it and fills it with the potion. Sack at the GIANT's exposed pat he equirte a bit of the potion into the air - like a doct with 2 hypodermic needle of serum, and with a mighty jab injects the potion into the top of the GIANT'e head. EXT. GIANT'S HEAD Day 99 ‘The GIANT reacts to the injection as if he has just been bitten by 2 mosquito. He shifts the boat on his head.
19) 13) text: ' Yes! Yes! see Vest OG has suddenly become very agitated. He is staring over their shoulders and pointing at something behind the grou They turn around. There, visible through the gap ti . created by the felled tres, is a massive turreted ci
19) 16) dialog: & Yes, but that's not it.
19) 18) dialog: (looking high into . : the sky) : > - Look! - 3 The CAMERA PULLS BACK from the citadel to reveal that maseive structure is merely the gatehouse to an unbelieva immenee huilding that stretches in every direction, farth - than the eye can see. Slowly the CAMERA TILTS UP. Highe and higher the vaet construction risee until it disappear into the clouds - a solid wall across the eky ... well almost solid, for the massive facade is split by a gaping hlack crack that widens groteequely as it reaches for the unseen keighte. It ie the most forbidding place imaginahl The GANG stands there awestruck. One by one even the most : sceptical faces hrighten with a mixture and the thrill 6 imminent wealth. Only KEVIN'e face reflects deep disqui As they stand ahreast the rise a cool wind licks at their clothing. <A ripple.
20) 0) text: OG's eyes are shining. No-one wants to make the firet mov KEVIN reacts, with an anxious look arcund him, to the str wind. The wind drops. OG leads off. With a last exchange ‘ of glancee, making it clear that greed has won the day, 114 GANG descend the hill towards the citadel. In the backgro a hand/tree crashes to the ground. KEVIN heads off after the GANG, Ext. CITADEL Dar 1l4 High up on the face of the citadel is a window from which _ BENSON observes the approach of the GANG. Ae he looks d 115 116 the CAMERA TILTS down the face of the gatehouse until it eouss to rest on the DWARVES, far below, crossing the dra tr e. EXT. CITADEL ENTRANCE Dat 118 The enormous portal engulfs the GANG as they hesitantly enter the citadel.
22) 7) dialog: (thoughtfully) I dunno... A pause, . CUT TO a phota: of Greece. Some idyllic ecene taken hy KEVIN'e polaroid. He'e looking at it with tears in his eyes ... KEVIN eorts through two more polaroids. Picutres of Mycenae and AGAMEMNON which hring hack intole memories for him. Then at the hottom of the pile he comes across a photo of the DWAHVES in better times, flaunting their wares in Sherwood Forest. He passes it. over and onto another Greek scene. A pause. Then he quickly goes hack to the group photo. He staree at it; then he rummage hurriedly in his hag and produces a magnifying glase. He appliee it to the photo, looking, not at the fac but focussing .. on the map that they are proudly holding up. He peers more closely. Yes, the details are visihle. ‘ KEVIN
22) 30) dialog: (springing into action) Want a bet ?
26) 6) text: 126 127 128 129 Revised 23.4.60 114 Continued a 126 But they are all out of the door and eafely away, except OG who slips as he makes for the decor. The EVIL GENIUS, hlazing, fires hie fingertip rockets hy hending back his mandarine fingernails in rapid succession. OG hursts into hlazs of tiny explosione. INT. ENTRANCE TO EVIL GENIUS’ GROTTO DAY 127 The flash of light from inside illuminates VERMIN as he h himself out of the decor and joins the others. A second l OG emerges. He ie, however, only OG from the waist downwa Above that he has heen changed into a pig. Quick reactions of OTHERS looking horrified ... hut there time to he lost. From inside we hear a shrisk of malevole anger ... INT. BRIDGE TO EVIL GENIUS’ GROTTO DAY 128
26) 14) dialog: {rather pathetically grunts and looks im- ploringly at Kevin)
26) 26) text: 4 133 Revised 28.4.80 oi 117 Continued . 133 less than a huge Sherman tank crashee ite way through the wall with RANDALL at the controle. _ KEVIN is amazed. From another doorway a cry of "Kevin!" and a group of mounted fully-armoured KNIGHTS led hy STRUTTER gallop up to KEVIN's eide. A strange whining noise announces the arrival of a Strange futuristic laser gun device. Descending on anti-gravity pads from above their heads, WALLY ie manoeuvring it into position, From somewhere else in the dark receeeee of the hall comes gunfire and a POSSE of American COWBOYS gallops up, whooping and hollering as they do. VERMIN rides with one of them. KEVIN whirls round unable to take it all in. Finally to the clatter of a horse-drawn chariot, FIDGIT arrives. He etands in the chariot next to the GREEK KING, Behind them at a dog-trot are a company of GREEK ARCHERS. KEVIN cannot belidve it. He rushes to AGAMEMNON’s chariot and embraces him.
26) 48) text: He looks briefly in OG's direction. OG changes hefore the very eyes from pig to OG.
26) 49) dialog: (sadly) Oh, I was enjoying that.