5) 49) text: “Horseflesh ? “O Revised 6.5.30 334 36 Continned : 36 The GANG shakes heads, all except VERMIN who's eating.
9) 43) text: Revised 28.4.80 72 Continued 65 COUPLES in evening dress, cigarette holders, etc., wander by. In the backgeound waltzing COUPLES are seen in sil~ houette through the hallroom windows as an orchestra play somewhere OUT OF SHOT. We TRACK WITH COUPLES and pick up KEVIN in. ths foreground staring disconsolately out to se He is dressed in smart new period olothes. Behind him, in a row of deckchaire, recline the GANG dressed to the nine tuxedos and bow ties. Thsy are glittering with gold rings flash wristwatches and pomaded hair. Each of them smokes a fat cigar. Champagne bottles are being emptied. We TIGHTEN IN ON THEM. VERMIN is speaking to a WAITER.
9) 44) dialog: 6 plates of caviar please ... oh . oe (be turns to the others) Anyone else want any ? WALLY . No I'll stick to the quail’s eyeballs, thank you. Caviar makes me throw up. RANDALL throws WALLY a sharply disapproving glance.
9) 56) text: Aargh! Someone's bitten me ... She rushee off crying. VERMIN looks up grinning, toupee Sticking out of mouth.
15) 0) text: . MRS. OGRE is cheerfully preparing some vicious looking and long skewers, making sure they're the right length fo each DWARF. She ie singing her fondue song. She whietles happily .. suddenly she heare a sharp groan from outside .. she looks up. 88 Ext. OGRE'S BOAT DAY 86 The OGRE is flat out, stretched on deck. KEVIN and RANDAL WALLY have one arm each, FIDGIT and STRUTTER one leg, OG and VERMIN the other ...
18) 0) text: Later. STRUTTER and RANDALL are at the rudder. OG and KEVIN are lashing sail to the boom. VERMIN has 2 huge box of fish and hands some out, raw, to KEVIN, WALLY and FIDG
21) 0) text: The GANG creepe through the vast deserted entrance hall. Everything appears to be in a state of decay. There is no sign of life anywhere. This is a place of death. The floo ds thick with dust undisturbed for centuriee. Ae they mak their way they leave behind a trail of footprints in the powdery floor covering. ‘Cautiously, one of the DWARVES shouts hello. No answer. Just.the echoing sounds of his own voice. The GANG begins to pluck up courage. The place is obviously deserted. The light from the entrance leads them to 2 great pile of rubble in the centre of the hall. As VERMIN clambers up i spote a skeletal arm sticking out of the debris. Ever hun he grabe it, but it seems to act as a switch - setting of great rumbling and shaking. Dust and masonry fall from th heights. A column near the terrified GANG crashes down as great jagged shaft of light races acroes the floor of the and up the wall. Looking in the direction of the light, t GANG see that it is pouring forth from a gigantic crack t has Opened up in one of the walls. A siren song swells. T GANG Tush towards the light, scrambling through the mammo opening.
21) 11) dialog: We've had some great meals. ‘FIDGIT You're suppoeed to he dead! OG just grins happily and looks at HORSEFLESH.
22) 1) text: 118 Revised 6.5.80 . 105 Continued 118 the hauser supporting the cage. Suddenly there is a loud squeak, VERMIN holds eomething. It wriggiee.
22) 2) dialog: Rat,.anyhody ? No-one takes up the offer.
22) 3) dialog: (muttering to himself) Might he the last meal we'll get .. He disconsolately opens hie mouth, hut we CUT TO STRUTTER hefore anything really revolting can happen. STRUTTER etaree at the floor. Eventually he sighe.
22) 52) dialog: . (nods) T'll stay with Og.
26) 6) text: 126 127 128 129 Revised 23.4.60 114 Continued a 126 But they are all out of the door and eafely away, except OG who slips as he makes for the decor. The EVIL GENIUS, hlazing, fires hie fingertip rockets hy hending back his mandarine fingernails in rapid succession. OG hursts into hlazs of tiny explosione. INT. ENTRANCE TO EVIL GENIUS’ GROTTO DAY 127 The flash of light from inside illuminates VERMIN as he h himself out of the decor and joins the others. A second l OG emerges. He ie, however, only OG from the waist downwa Above that he has heen changed into a pig. Quick reactions of OTHERS looking horrified ... hut there time to he lost. From inside we hear a shrisk of malevole anger ... INT. BRIDGE TO EVIL GENIUS’ GROTTO DAY 128
26) 26) text: 4 133 Revised 28.4.80 oi 117 Continued . 133 less than a huge Sherman tank crashee ite way through the wall with RANDALL at the controle. _ KEVIN is amazed. From another doorway a cry of "Kevin!" and a group of mounted fully-armoured KNIGHTS led hy STRUTTER gallop up to KEVIN's eide. A strange whining noise announces the arrival of a Strange futuristic laser gun device. Descending on anti-gravity pads from above their heads, WALLY ie manoeuvring it into position, From somewhere else in the dark receeeee of the hall comes gunfire and a POSSE of American COWBOYS gallops up, whooping and hollering as they do. VERMIN rides with one of them. KEVIN whirls round unable to take it all in. Finally to the clatter of a horse-drawn chariot, FIDGIT arrives. He etands in the chariot next to the GREEK KING, Behind them at a dog-trot are a company of GREEK ARCHERS. KEVIN cannot belidve it. He rushes to AGAMEMNON’s chariot and embraces him.