16) 0) text: CLOSE ON HOWIE, 30 years old, unkempt hair, thick wire-ri glasses covered with grime. He reads a dog-eared volume o the Time/Life Nature Library, eyes racing across the page Ernie sits with him at the same table. About him, in the large DAY ROOM, we see the other charge the ward. BESS, a skinny, dread-locked black woman with t saddest face, sits in front of the TV, watching a snowboarding segment. Russell is walking around with his bible. Sal sits alone coloring.
16) 7) dialog: You're really from ... {points) ++.up there? Prot turns his dark glasses to the ceiling, but really be it, then back to Bowie, with a discerning smile.
16) 9) dialog: What ... what sort of Place is it?
16) 12) dialog: Go on. Please go on. Prot regards Howie's expectant face, obliging.
16) 15) dialog: (repeating to himself, as if storing the information) Agape. Satori. Two suns.
16) 22) dialog: What's that? What language is that?
18) 12) dialog: (admonishing Ernie) It was an electrical fire. Don't make up stories. Prot's dark glasses linger on Bess...as she remains obliv He gives her a polite smile, and continues on.
24) 0) text: As Powell hurries down the haliway with Nurse McAllister. MCALLISTER . I don't know what's wrong. All his books and papers and everything are spread out over his desk, like always. But he's just ~ They get to the ONE-WAY MIRROR, look into the DAY ROOM, t HOWIE, just sitting calmly, gazing out a window.
25) 0) text: As Powell enters. Slowly approaching Howie, he notices th Howie's glasses are, for the first time, clean. them, Howie remains gazing, with fixed purpose, cut the w
25) 2) dialog: Good morning, Doctor Powell. Powell leans down to Squint out the window with
25) 4) dialog: The bluebird.
25) 6) dialog: Bluebird of happiness. Prot told me to find the bluebird of happiness. Powell's expression changes.
25) 11) dialog: It's a task, the first of three. I don't know what the other two are, yet. He'll tell me. (smiles, proudly) If I complete all three, I'll be cured. Powell's look tightens.
44) 23) text: 42 Rev. 11/28/00 (Salmon) 52a. INT. WARD 2 ~- DAY ROOM - Day CLOSE ON HOWIE. Seated at his post by the window. His eye suddenly widen. And a smile of immeasurable joy spreads across his face.
44) 24) dialog: Bluebird... Ernie and Sal look up from a checker game. Russell stops muttering a Bible passage. Only Bess remains disintereste in front of the Tv. As Howie jumps out of his chair -~
44) 25) dialog: Bluebird!! He starts running from window to window -- jumping over tables, knocking over chairs.
44) 26) dialog: Bluebird! Bluebird! AT THE NURSE'S STATION ~ McAllister spots him from the on glass. She hastens into the DAY ROOM.
44) 29) dialog: Bluebird! Bluebird! Patients peek out of doorways with wide eyes and medicate smiles. BACK IN THE DAY ROOM ~ Ernie turns fearfully to Sal.
44) 35) dialog: 
45) 0) text: MOVING UP - from Howie's shouting face, and WIDENING ~ to in the other WARDS on the floors above. As pale FACES, so with shaved heads and hollow eyes come to the WINDOWS, lo out with suspicion and wonder ...
46) 6) dialog: Doctor Powell! Come, see! Disinclined, Powell lets himself be led to the WINDOW - to see, indeed - a beautiful, common BLUE JAY. It flits, majestically, from tree to tree, chirping and pecking. Finally settling on a branch. As Powell gazes upon it, in profound astonishment - Ville now wends her way through the commotion.
62) 43) dialog: Greenland, Iceland, you know. He had a few more countries left to visit, before he could finish his report.
89) 0) text: As Prot gives Howie a nod and a smile, then turns back to writing in his red notebook. Howie, with a purposeful smile, marches down the HALLWAY. carries a stack of BLANK PAPER and a bunch of fat pencils 87 Rev. 02/22/01 (2nd Goldenrod) S1A*.
90) 8) dialog: I've proposed an esSay contest. To decide who will go with Prot. ‘ve spoken with him. And he's agreed to read them all by duly 27th. There is the screeching of chairs as everyone comes over grab a sheet of paper. Everyone except Russell and Bess.
90) 9) dialog: Russell? Russell stands there, wringing his stringy beard, torn be his Bible and the stack of paper. He tentatively takes a sheet.
90) 10) dialog: Bess? Bess turns slowly from the TV. Views the stack of paper, her fellow inmates. For the first time, as she smiles, we the depth of sadness and dejection in her eyes.
90) 16) dialog: Suit yourself. Everyone suddenly shuts up, looks nonchalant - as Prot en He takes note of them all, warmly, like they were family. Russell, fingering his dog~eared Bible, Slowly approaches
97) 3) dialog: I cured him. Didn't 12 Prot says one more task and I'll be cured, too. (a big twinkle in his eye) And then it's .., bon voyage! Villers’ expression changes. INT. WARD 4 ~ HALLWAY - IN A COUPLE OF MINUTES Alo As an ATTENDANT locks back the seclusion cell door and wa away. Leaving Powell and Villers standing there. Powell brings his eyes to her. Villers’ look is harsh, th weight of her authority behind it.
125) 0) text: ERNIE, wearing a PARTY HAT, blows a NOISEMAKER. There are streamers everywhere. A festive BANNER strung across the day room reads: "BON VOYAGE, PROT!" The entire WARD is in party hats. At a table, Howie is busy collecting "Why I Want To Go To PAX" ESSAYS. We see the handwritten titles, some in crayo as they are put in a pile. Howie looks up, surprised - as Navarro slips him an essay
128) 10) dialog: You never gave me my last task. What's my Last task? Prot tucks the essays away, whispers to Howie, significan
134) 20) dialog: Definitely not Prot. Ernie notices the sun streaming through the day room wind He smiles.
135) 4) dialog: He took Bess.
135) 6) dialog: (happily) Bess went to K-PAX. * 138 139 Rev. 07/20/01 (2nd Salmon) {Replacement Scenes) 125Aa*.