13) 0) text: As Powell comes in, carrying a bottle of wine. He leaves briefcase in the front hallway. The house is well-to-do, art on the walls, a grand piano facing a woodsy patio. Powell's daughters, NATALIE, 6, and GABBY, 9, sit trancel in front of their PlayStation on a giant TV screen. Powell scratches their heads, in greeting...
13) 2) dialog: I lost another tooth.
13) 7) dialog: There is no tooth fairy. There's just you and Mom.
15) 0) text: Powell turns off the water, sits on the tub's edge, sleev wet. Natalie, in the bubble bath, gives him the silent treatment. As Powell tries to get her to look at him, he thinks a mo laughs to himself, adopting a mock seriousness:
15) 2) dialog: Why are you talking crazy?
23) 33) dialog: KayPacks? The KIDS laugh, repeating the funny name several times.
35) 0) text: Rachel and Natalie sit at the piano. plunking out London Bridge is Falling a teacher's patience, guides her along
53) 3) dialog: Where is Daddy going?
55) 3) dialog: Where is Daddy going?
55) 4) text: He just has an upset Stomach, honey. Go back to bed. Natalie, not convinced, watches her mother bound down the stairs after him.
57) 0) text: A sunny day, the trees brilliant green. A flag flies abov the front portico. Abby helps Rachel spread a tablecloth across a long picnic table. Steve pops a beer, smiles at day. Natalie runs barefoot around the yard with festive streamers. Powell stands at the top of his drive, looking, up and do street. As Gabby comes up to him, with a skeptic's brow.
57) 23) dialog: {rolling her eyes} Oh, that's right, embarrass him. Powell shushes them, furiously.
57) 34) dialog: No way. Even Gabby the skeptic has to laugh in amazement.
61) 7) dialog: Push me on the swing! As she leads Prot off to the TREE SWING, Powell watches, circumspectly ... as Prot's fingers close so naturally an tenderly around hers. Rachel comes out of the house, also watching ... carefull Prot picks Natalie up, sits her down on the swing. Making sure her hands grip the ropes.
61) 13) dialog: Let's run through the water!
61) 15) dialog: (frightened now) Let go!
61) 17) dialog: Natalie breaks free, runs for her mother. Around his DARK GLASSES, Prot's face fills with pain and +++ Watching Natalie run off.
110) 0) text: Rachel, worried, hasn't slept, buttering Natalie's waffle pouring herself some coffee - when the phone rings. She p it up, quickly. Greatly relieved.