11) 3) dialog: This one's gentle as a Pussycat, Doc, Powell, nevertheless, keeps a careful eye on Prot, who re standing ... as Navarro and Simms exit, closing the door. Powell motions to one of two CHAIRS.
18) 4) dialog: S'up. Prot continues down the hallway, passing Maria, who wears red dress today, her hair teased up.
21) 0) text: Powell, with an intent look, unscrews a light bulb from a lamp, replacing it with a dim NIGHT LIGHT BULB. He goes t his other lamp, does the same. Then he closes his window blinds. He looks around, satisfied. The room is dark ... like twilight. Mrs. Trexler watches him, strangely, as she files in the OFFICE. She does not see Navarro leave Prot off at the do behind her. Prot walks in, unescorted.
37) 0) text: C.U. ON the back of the TAXI DRIVER'S HEAD ... IN THE REAR VIEW MIRROR - WE SEE PROT, flanked by Chakrab and Navarro. Powell is in the front seat.
39) 0) text: As they enter. The place is empty. The visitors have long departed. A giant mobile of the solar system hangs four stories high. There are meteorites, and displays of space exploration and giant, backlit PHOTOS from the Hubble -~ GALAXIES, NEBULAS, the now-famous GAS PILLARS at the edge the known universe. Navarro, amazed, never having seen anything like this him gives Prot a sly, little look.
39) 1) dialog: This your neighborhood, huh? Prot takes it all in ... with a laugh of both wonder and familiarity.
41) 0) text: As Prot enters through the double doors, with Navarro and Chakraborty. We are in a HUGE, DOMED ROOM. Empty stadium seats all aro A formidable camera/computer projector rises from the cen of the floor. Navarro, amazed, has never seen anything like this himsel He takes a seat by the doors, with Chakraborty.
41) 6) dialog: Shit ... Powell looks from the stars to Prot ... As Prot takes his glasses off ... gazing up - and around the IMAGE ... with a wide, breathless smile ... anda laug of both wonder and familiarity.
41) 37) dialog: {admiring Prot's work) Looks like the real thing to me. Flynn, Patel and Hessler get up from their chairs to crow around Steve's laptop.
42) 0) text: Prot sits waiting in the TAXI with Navarro and Chakrabort Powell and Steve stand on the sidewalk.
46) 0) text: Navarro and Simms step off the elevator ~ into pandemoniu Patients running out of rooms, up and down the corridors, half naked, shouting "Bluebird! Bluebird!" Navarro whips the walkie-talkie out of his belt, speaks quickly into it:
46) 1) dialog: Disturbance is on Two! 54. & 45 INT. CORRIDOR ~ IN A MINUTE 4s Powell barrels through two SWINGING DOORS and runs down t CORRIDOR, Chakraborty and the overweight Fleen trying to up with him. They hear CHANTING coming from down the hall
50) 4) dialog: My man. A furtive Sal gets his attention, with a "Pssst." Curious Prot comes over. Sal glances up and down the hallway to m sure no one's watching, motions Prot into the ART ROOM.
62) 29) dialog: He's just ... gone. Powell shakes his head, unwilling to hear this. He marche over to a SECURITY MONITOR by the nurse's station, Navarr Simms following on his heels. A SECURITY GUARD is already rewinding the night's surveil video for them. They all watch the MONITOR ... on it, Pro appears walking down the hallway, and into his room.
62) 30) dialog: That's around six-thirty, after dinner. He goes in... Powell keeps his eyes glued to Prot's door in the time-st video, as it is fast-forwarded. We SEE what Navarro relay
62) 31) dialog: He never comes out. Seven o'clock this morning. He ain't there.
62) 37) dialog: He just - disappeared. Powell looks at Navarro.
125) 0) text: ERNIE, wearing a PARTY HAT, blows a NOISEMAKER. There are streamers everywhere. A festive BANNER strung across the day room reads: "BON VOYAGE, PROT!" The entire WARD is in party hats. At a table, Howie is busy collecting "Why I Want To Go To PAX" ESSAYS. We see the handwritten titles, some in crayo as they are put in a pile. Howie looks up, surprised - as Navarro slips him an essay
132) 0) text: Navarro sits in the hallway, posted outside Prot's door. oxygen tank and respiration equipment stand with hin. He turns to Simms, posted at the fire escape door, and ho up a twenty dollar bill.
132) 1) dialog: Twenty says he goes. At the SECURITY STATION - the guard checks his three MONI Prot, sitting in his room. Hallway, Navarro stationed. Stairwell, empty. He glances up at the CLOCK. As it turns 5:49 A.M. Then looks over to the nurses station.
134) 3) dialog: He's movin"! MCALLISTER comes out from behind the nurses station, aler PROT folds his glasses, sets them on his table. He faces window ... as the first light of dawn comes through it. Just as - POWELL bursts onto the WARD, from the stairwell door. He runs, whispering under his breath — Prot! POWELL roti PROT'S ROOM - the rising SUN sends its first sharp RAY th Prot's window ~ and into Prot's EYES. SECURITY STATION ~ the security guard glances at the cloc the numbers turn to ... 5:51 ALM.
134) 12) dialog: Oh, man ...
136) 0) text: As Navarro and Simms solemnly pull the GURNEY into the ELEVATOR. And the elevator doors close ...