14) 0) text: Powell carries the wine into the kitchen. Where RACHEL PO is busy taking the components of a reheated dinner from t oven, and placing it on the kitchen table which she has s for two. She is a vibrant woman, and it's clear she has t pains with the meal.
14) 1) dialog: Kids already ate. She stops to kiss Powell. A deep, committed kiss.
14) 2) dialog: How was your day?
14) 7) dialog: You caught what?
14) 10) dialog: Well - I sent in the deposit for the house on the Cape for the last two weeks of August ~ which works out perfectly, since Gabby gets out of camp on the fifteenth - Powell regards her a moment, at a loss,
14) 12) dialog: Maybe we should start paying you for your time. Do you have a family rate?
14) 14) dialog: T had a talk with Natalie about being in the after school program next year, in case I go back to teaching.
14) 20) dialog: (then feeling like she's talking to herself And ... this morning ... my head fell off, but I was able to sew it back on with dental floss. Waxed, of course. Powell stops flipping through the journal, turns to her.
14) 22) dialog: I know. Come on, let's eat. He sits down, brings the wine with him. Tries to make thi good again with a smile and a sigh.
23) 2) dialog: Where were you just now? Powell just gives her a frustrating smile, and puts the c on a platter, handing it to her.
23) 3) dialog: Kids! Wash up! Powell knocks back his glass of wine, leaves it by the gr And follows her across the yard, with a second Platter he with hot dogs and chicken - almost tripping over SHASTA, a golden retriever, who is b chased under the back porch.
23) 18) dialog: (trying to diffuse things) I was thinking of inviting him for Christmas.
23) 27) dialog: You have a patient who's an astronomer?
23) 29) dialog: Steve ~- congratulations!
35) 0) text: Rachel and Natalie sit at the piano. plunking out London Bridge is Falling a teacher's patience, guides her along
35) 1) dialog: A-~D-B-G-= repeat ~ They both glance up, seeing the study eyes stay on it for a thoughtful momen
44) 0) text: Rachel hears the patio door slide open, turns. They regar each other for a beat.
44) 2) dialog: It’s okay.
44) 4) dialog: There's a key stuck.
44) 6) dialog: G below middle Cc.
44) 8) dialog: My old teacher -~ I've told you about her --
44) 10) dialog: Right. Powell smiles.
44) 14) dialog: Yes.
44) 16) dialog: Shut up. She was a very good teacher.
44) 18) dialog: She used to tell me, don't play the notes.
44) 20) dialog: Yeah. If you just play the notes, you'll miss it. They look at each other. On Powell,
53) 0) text: As Powell wakes up in the dark, with a gasp, heart beatin Rachel sits up beside him.
53) 1) dialog: Mark, honey, you were dreaming! She smooths his face, puzzled. He turns to her, still breathing hard. Then, suddenly, jumps out of bed, wrestle some pants, and hurries out of the bedroom. Rachel quickly puts on a robe, following after him -
53) 2) dialog: Mark. Mark, you're worrying me. ON THE LANDING - Natalie comes blearily out of her room, having been woken up, sees her father bound down the stai
53) 4) dialog: He just has an upset stomach, honey. Go back to bed. Natalie, not convinced, watches her mother bound down the stairs after him.
54) 0) text: As Powell turns on the desk lamp and rifles through the cassette TAPES - until he finds the one he wants. Rachel watches him, with mounting confusion. As he pops the tape into the machine, dons headphones, rewinding - forwarding until -
55) 0) text: As Powell wakes up in the dark, with a gasp, heart beatin Rachel sits up beside him.
55) 1) dialog: Mark, honey, you were dreaming! She smooths his face, puzzled. He turns to her, still breathing hard. Then, suddenly, jumps out of bed, wrestle some pants, and hurries out of the bedroom. Rachel quickly puts on a robe, following after him -
55) 2) dialog: Mark. Mark, you're worrying me. ON THE LANDING - Natalie comes blearily out of her room, having been woken up, sees her father bound down the stai
56) 0) text: As Powell turns on the desk lamp and rifles through the cassette TAPES - until he finds the one he wants. Rachel watches him, with mounting confusion. As he pops the tape into the machine, dons headphones, rewinding — forwarding unti. ~
56) 8) dialog: Mark ... what is the matter with you?
56) 10) dialog: Mark ... it's two o'clock in the morning. What is this patient doing * to you? He looks at her, looks at his daughters, as if the answer evident.
56) 12) dialog: What are you afraid of? *
57) 0) text: A sunny day, the trees brilliant green. A flag flies abov the front portico. Abby helps Rachel spread a tablecloth across a long picnic table. Steve pops a beer, smiles at day. Natalie runs barefoot around the yard with festive streamers. Powell stands at the top of his drive, looking, up and do street. As Gabby comes up to him, with a skeptic's brow.
57) 8) dialog: Just do it, young lady. Gabby gives both her parents a pitiful look. As the car approaches the head of the drive ...
57) 9) dialog: I can't believe I agreed to this.
57) 11) dialog: (an eye to him) Since when did we become a normal family?
57) 13) dialog: I just feel ... uncomfortable.
57) 18) dialog: Joyce, how good to see you! (they hug) And can this be Danny? Next out of the car are Nurse McAllister and her husband, a real New York Italian.
57) 19) dialog: Betty - I don't think I've ever seen you out of uniform.
57) 28) dialog: How do you do. Suddenly - the DOG runs out from under the house, and bar straight for Prot.
58) 0) text: The grill sizzles. Everyone is seated around the PICNIC TABLE. As food is passed around, Rachel places a giant FR SALAD on the table in front of Prot.
58) 1) dialog: Mark tells me you don't eat meat. I think that's very healthy.
58) 3) dialog: So, I made this fruit salad especially for you. Prot just sits there, admiring the beautiful fruit. Then looks at Rachel, with such deep appreciation he does not what to say. His reaction gets to her for a moment, she doesn't know why.
58) 4) dialog: Go on, take as much as you like. Prot digs in, taking spoonful, after spoonful - after spoonful . Until there is a heaping mountain of it on his plate. As EVERYONE stares. The kids hold their hands over their mouths to not laugh. Prot glances up, gives them all a sm Everyone takes this as a cue to start eating, food is pas around. Dom, putting ketchup on his burger, pauses self- consciously a moment, as he watches Prot shovel in fruit
60) 0) text: Prot wanders into Powell's den. Finds FAMILY PHOTOGRAPHS there. Picks one up. It is a PHOTO of Powell' s son, Michael, from a previous marriage. Rachel enters. Finds Prot there
60) 2) dialog: That's Michael. Mark's son. From first marriage.
60) 4) dialog: Just the two, so far.
60) 6) dialog: I mean he's not out to set a world record,
60) 10) dialog: No. He doesn't live with us, you know, he's away at college, and... (beat) Well, the truth is he and Mark don't talk to each other. I don't know why I'm telling you this.
60) 12) dialog: (chuckling) Maybe. Maybe that's it. Prot smiles. Then looks at the photo again and turns sudd reflective...
60) 14) dialog: (ruefully) Do you think he means it?
60) 16) dialog: Do you know what a family is? You worry. They don't tell you that when you decide to leave your single life behind...When they're throwing the rice and dancing the tarantella...That there is no “biological connection” -- not the way you say it, like it's something concrete ~~ like a rope or a ligament. There's just this desperate effort to hold on -- to hold onto them. And when you see someone you love falling away -- falling -- and you can't hold on anymore...
60) 22) dialog: You don't have a family?
60) 24) dialog: Then you don't know what you're missing.
60) 26) dialog: Let me get you another lemonade. On Prot, as he watches Rachel exit. ‘Then he notices a TELESCOPE in the study. Moves to it. Considers it a momen Then he bends down. Lifts his sunglasses. Squints through the eyepiece. As he does, he lowers his scope. Focusing o something earthbound out the window... And we see that it is Powell, at the far edge of the yard that he has in his sights.
61) 16) dialog: 
61) 19) dialog: 
61) 29) dialog: Happy? I think you got through to him, don't you? I think you made your dent! She throws the towel at him she has just dried Natalie of with, and walks away.
95) 0) text: Powell lies in bed, wide awake. He looks over at Rachel, asleep, curled away from him. A knit on her brow. He lean over, kisses her, softly enough that she doesn't waken ..
110) 0) text: Rachel, worried, hasn't slept, buttering Natalie's waffle pouring herself some coffee - when the phone rings. She p it up, quickly. Greatly relieved.
110) 1) dialog: Mark, I've been so worried, where - (incomprehensibly) You're flying ... to New Mexico?
118) 0) text: Powell stands there in the doorway. Gazing upon his * DAUGHTERS. Their angelic faces, as they sleep ... * He also notices Prot's star map ... the girls have tacked up on their wall. It seems to fit right in with the twink moon and star wallpaper. * INT. POWELL'S HOME ~- IN A FEW MOMENTS Bi25 Powell steps quietly. The house is in some disarray. * Rachel lies on the couch in exhausted sleep, knots of wor her brow. * He kneels down, and just drinks her in with his eyes. Tak phone from her hand, which has fallen, and gently lifts i back onto the couch. Not wanting to let her hand go. He g
118) 4) dialog: Mark ... He holds her tight.
118) 6) dialog: I called Joyce - you didn't come home - you didn't call - don't ever do this again.
118) 8) dialog: What happened? Powell sits up with her. * She looks up, at her husband. Sees the conflict on his fa
119) 0) text: Powell steps quietly. The house is in some disarray. * Takes in Rachel. She lies on the couch in exhausted sleep knots of worry on her brow. He comes over, gently takes the mobile phone out of her h He holds onto that hand. Doesn't want to let go of it... It is then, he sees a NOTE by the mobile phone. He picks up, curiously ... It says ... "Call Steve - Important". * INT. PRINCETON OBSERVATORY - CONFERENCE ROOM ~ DAY c125*
129) 2) dialog: Chow fun. At this moment, she is the most beautiful sight he seen.
129) 4) dialog: The waiter always shouted at us.
129) 6) dialog: We didn't need any. I knew my fortune that night. He was sitting right across from me. Their eyes remain on each other. And Powell realizes how this woman means to him.
131) 0) text: Powell, asleep, Rachel snuggled up to him. His wristwatch BEEPS. He wakes up with a start. Waking her up. He tries to squi at his watch. Can't see it. Turns to his desk clock: 5:47 A.M.