113) 0) text: The SHERIFF, who walks with the gut and gait of a man use his small town badge, flips through an old squeaky file cabinet. While Powell sits against the edge of a desk, briefcase a coat in hand, waiting. The slow pace here is maddening. H can't help glance at the Cattleman's Bank DAY CALENDAR on wall ... July 26th.
113) 1) dialog: I remember the case, all right. Just about the biggest thing ever happened in these parts. (eyes Powell, wryly) We're not from New York City, you know. He finds the file.
113) 2) dialog: Porter. Robert Porter. Here it is. He looks through it, remembering, with a regrettable shak his head. Walks over to let Powell take a look,
113) 3) dialog: Quiet type, I remember. Strong as a horse, though. Worked as a knocker. Lived ‘bout twenty miles outside a' town, with his wife and child, sweet little girl. Wife was Indian. {beat) Pretty much kept to themselves.
113) 9) dialog: That's right. Good lookin’ woman, too. Damn shame ... what happened. He reaches for his hat on a hook, regards Powell.
113) 10) dialog: Got time to take a ride? EXT. SLAUGHTERHOUSE - pay 121 As Powell stares up at the tall wooden STRUCTURE. It Stan like a hellish, grinding furnace against the stark blue s But to Powell, it is an affirmation of the truth. And as dets out a silent laugh of awe, we WIDEN - te take in the expanse of mooing ANGUS STEERS. Literally acres of them. The smell practically in our nostrils. The Sheriff comes up, stands beside him.
113) 11) dialog: Yes, sir ... the old butchery. Powell turns to him, astounded, at hearing that phrase.
113) 12) dialog: C'mon. I'll take you by the house.
114) 0) text: As the Sheriff's CAR comes up a dirt road, to stop ... at the RUINS of what was once an idyllic small farm. Powe climbs out of the car, slowly. Lets the place seep into h senses. The Sheriff comes around the car, viewing the ruins, sole
114) 1) dialog: Been empty. Nobody comes anywhere near here since ... all that happened. No living next of kin for the place to go to, anyway. He takes his hat off, almost respectfully, and walks up t overgrown path. Powell following him ~ up stone steps ~ into a HOUSE that is little more than pi in the open air.
114) 5) dialog: Had detectives come from Albuquerque try an’ piece this one together. Accordin' to the official Story ... Porter was at work s+. when this drifter, a Daryl Walker, came by the house, Two-time parolee, lookin' for trouble. Know what I'm sayin'? Started out as a robbery. “Wife and daughter were out back 1... CLOSER ON POWELL .., he gazes out Past the hinges of what s35.2 back door. He hears Prot’s VOICE Calling ... "Becky Sarah? AND HE FLASHES oN: PROT'S FACE, But it is now ROBERT PORTER'S FACE. A happy, tired humanity on it as he gets out of his truck, overali stained after a hard day's work. He waits for his daughte Tun out of the house and into his arms. Waits ... But he is met with an eerie silence, Perplexed, he heads the stone path - and into the HOUSE.
114) 6) dialog: What we gather ... from forensics and all, was that - this Walker - brought both women back in the house at gunpoint, FOLLOWING PORTER ~ his boots trudge up the stairs, face growing worried at the Silence.
114) 9) dialog: Raped the wife, Then shot them both.
114) 14) dialog: Porter must've come home, found Walker still here .., Porter staggers back inte the hallway ~ to see WALKER. wh scared, takes out a gun. Dazed, but with an animal~like reflex, Porter knocks it out of his hand. They struggle f the gun, like two grunting beasts until Porter ... with a inhuman strength, grabs Walker's wrists, and pins him to wall. Then raises his ether fist ... a Savage look coming into his eyes. A look built up over a iifetime of meeknes AND WE STAY ON PORTER'S FACE - as, With a final Savagery sends the side of his fist into Walker's neck see
114) 15) dialog: And then knocked the son'n'bitch like an Angus steer ...
114) 18) dialog: Snapped a grown man's neck like it was a twig. {looks tightly at Powell) Can't say I wouldn't've done the same. The Sheriff puts his hat on, walks out, down the rubble o back steps, Powell follows him - EXT. PORTER HOUSE ~ ouT BACK - DAY 123 As the Sheriff continues on, toward the trees, Powell lin a moment. To view a withered vegetable garden. He approac it, astonished ... to see... the remains of a LAWN SPRINKLER somehow saved from fire. sits there in the grip of weeds, attached to a blackened
114) 24) dialog: We found his clothes here. Probably where he jumped in ...
115) 0) text: Powell stares into the Tushing white water. He and the Sheriff Standing, carefully, on the bank. As the Sheriff continues, loudly, above the sound of rapids:
115) 1) dialog: This river's pretty treacherous, even in duly. Got’a hell of a current. He looks downstream, thoughtfully, for a couple moments.
115) 2) dialog: Still ... 2 s'pose it might've been a mistake, officially, to list it as a drowning. Since the body was never found. (beat, turns to Powell) . If that boy you got out there in New York is really Robert Porter vee I'd just as soon not know about it. You ow what I mean?
116) 0) text: The last glow of the western sun shines through a plane w ++. onto Powell's scotch and peanuts. He sits there, looking through a copy of the Sheriff's FI bearing the label: "Porter"... There are grizzly photos of the crime scene ... driver's license photo of Robert Porter ... mug shots of Walker. Glimpses of words from the report: "Forced entry ... 25 c gash ... thorax to abdomen ... blood ...semen ... the deceased: Sarah Porter, Rebecca Porter ... Beside Powell, resting on his briefcase, is also an old h school YEARBOOK ... from Guadalupe High School, 1985. Powell closes the file, with sober reflection, and looks his window ... at the first stars twinkling in the darken sky-