23) 25) dialog: What can I do you for, Doctor B.
23) 31) dialog: Thank you, thank you. (then, curious} So who's this patient of yours?
23) 38) dialog: Big head, green? About this high? (puts his hand at 3 feet I think I know the guy. As they all laugh, Powell remains mildly serious.
23) 42) dialog: Constellation Lyra, hmmm. Sure - I can give you a whole bunch of questions to ask your fella.
27) 0) text: Steve scratches his beard, mystified, as he looks over Pr NOTEBOOK PAGES. Behind him, we see a giant telescope and vast array of digital instruments and computers. He speak the phone:
27) 1) dialog: I don't know what to Say, Mark. This is ... pretty wild stuff.
29) 0) text: Steve's expression says otherwise, as he examines Prot's HANDWRITING on the pages spread out before him.
29) 1) dialog: Well ... not exactly. See ~ your patient indicates his planet "K-PAX" orbiting an eclipsing binary star system, Agape and Satori, near the constellation Lyra.
31) 1) dialog: That's the funny thing, Mark. Not really. You see ... except for my boss, Duncan Flynn, who's one of the foremost astrophysicists in the world, and maybe - two or three of his colleagues ~ nobody knows much about the possibility of planets in this star system yet. It hasn't even been reported in any journals. He looks around the observatory, lowering his voice into phone, with a shrewd smile:
31) 2) dialog: Tell me, honestly. Duncan put you up to this? You know, like a joke?
33) 0) text: Steve shakes his head, laughs.
33) 1) dialog: Can't say I do. (then, seriously) But there's one or two aro who'd sure like to meet th yours.
40) 0) text: Powell, a little anxious, shakes hands with the three astronomers Steve has brought. DUNCAN FLYNN, distinguishe white-haired, with a pipe - and two others, DAVID PATEL a STUART HESSLER. They wear the intense eyes of men who hav spent their lives looking to the heavens.
41) 3) dialog: It's a pleasure to meet you, Prot. Won't you ... have a seat. Prot looks around, takes the chair in the center of the r by the projector, facing them.
41) 4) dialog: I'm ... Doctor Becker. This is Dr. Flynn, Doctors Patel and Hessler.
41) 7) dialog: (smiles at Prot) Feel at home? Flynn clears his throat, trying as hard as he can to trea Prot seriously.
41) 19) dialog: Well, then, I wonder if you could show us how this light travel works.
41) 21) dialog: (surprised) That would be ... fine.
41) 25) dialog: When are you going to ...
41) 27) dialog: Where I come from, that's called the fastest gun in the West routine.
41) 35) dialog: Already on it. Steve has the Princeton Observatory database on line. As maltiple STAR CHARTS and theoretical CHARTS appear on his MONITOR, he hurriedly inputs Prot's information from the Powell looks from Prot's diagram to the scientists, confu
42) 0) text: Prot sits waiting in the TAXI with Navarro and Chakrabort Powell and Steve stand on the sidewalk.
42) 2) dialog: I don't know what I believe, Mark. But, I know what I saw. Tell you what I'm going to do ... I'm going to computer generate a star chart of the night sky as seen from the position of this planet K-PAX. Ask your man to draw one from memory. Then send it to me. If his matches mine - I guarantee you the government would take him off your hands. Powell just stares, maddeningly, at his brother-in-law. 40 41
57) 0) text: A sunny day, the trees brilliant green. A flag flies abov the front portico. Abby helps Rachel spread a tablecloth across a long picnic table. Steve pops a beer, smiles at day. Natalie runs barefoot around the yard with festive streamers. Powell stands at the top of his drive, looking, up and do street. As Gabby comes up to him, with a skeptic's brow.
57) 30) dialog: {mutters to her) Damn dog's never liked anyone. Before anyone can stop them, Natalie and Josh run over to in the fray.
119) 0) text: Powell steps quietly. The house is in some disarray. * Takes in Rachel. She lies on the couch in exhausted sleep knots of worry on her brow. He comes over, gently takes the mobile phone out of her h He holds onto that hand. Doesn't want to let go of it... It is then, he sees a NOTE by the mobile phone. He picks up, curiously ... It says ... "Call Steve - Important". * INT. PRINCETON OBSERVATORY - CONFERENCE ROOM ~ DAY c125*
119) 1) text: Steve turns on a SPEAKER PHONE, around which sit Flynn, P and Hessler. Behind them are an array of COMPUTER SCREENS displaying STAR MAPS. *
119) 2) dialog: I'm puttin’ you on speaker phone, * Mark. I've got the boys here. * Flynn takes the pipe from his mouth, leans toward the pho
121) 1) text: Now Steve leans over to the phone again.
121) 2) dialog: See, Mark, the chart I generated was for the night sky as we see it from Earth ~- only transposed one thousand light years to where K-PAX is supposed to be. But ... I made a mistake. You see, from one thousand light years - werd have a slightly different view of A4S5. He holds PROT'S MAP next to yet another SCREEN ... on whi there is a very large white star that seems to coincide - exactly - with Prot's TWO SMUDGES.
121) 3) dialog: We've analyzed Prot's map and compared the coordinates to the known star field. Where we thought there was only a neutron star, he has drawn what appears to be a star and an accretion isc. 116c*. €125 ae ee eR EE
123) 2) dialog: No, we're going to double-check with the Keck in Hawaii - but I'm pretty sure your boy just confirmed the existence of a suspected black hole. OR ee
124) 0) text: Powell, dazed. He lowers the phone for a moment. Even as hear Steve talking through it ~
124) 1) dialog: We can't sit on this, Mark. There are a lot of other labs that would love to make this announcement. You understand. eR Oe