0) 0) dialog: Madame, the things you are saying are not reasons with which you can file for a divorce, unless there is something else.
0) 2) dialog: Like if he is an addict, physically abuses you or does not give you an allowance.
0) 4) dialog: Then why do you want a divorce?
0) 24) dialog: (to Simin) So all the children living in this country don’t have a future?
0) 26) dialog: What circumstances? Simin falls silent.
0) 27) dialog: Is your child better off here with both her parents or there without a father?
0) 31) dialog: Nothing. Go back to your lives.
0) 33) dialog: You can have a divorce only if he agrees to grant you one.
0) 35) dialog: (to Nader) Are you willing to grant her a divorce?
0) 39) dialog: Like I said, this is your personal problem. For a divorce, you need his consent.
0) 41) dialog: You have to agree on everything. How old is your daughter?
0) 43) dialog: She can only come with you if (MORE )
0) 46) dialog: That’s between you two. Goo day. Nader rises from his seat.
0) 48) dialog: (to Nader) Please sign here. Nader approaches the judge’s desk to sign
0) 54) dialog: (to Simin) hen n. id 40 the documents. only me. s ou Please sign here and don't waste the court's time.
0) 56) dialog: You can’t come here for every little problem that you have.
0) 58) dialog: Yes, I am the judge here and your problem is not a problem... ma’am sign here. Unwillingly, Simin signs the court documents. INT. CORRIDORS AND STAIRWAYS — DAY Simin moves through the stairways and corridors of the courthouse among the throngs of men and women walking between the various offices or waiting for their turn. Nader walks behind her. INT. NADER’S HOUSE — STAIRWAY — DAY Two middle-aged movers are carrying an old piano down the stairs from the second floor. Simin is coming up the stai holding a suitcase and waits on the landing for the mover to bring down the piano and clear the way for her to ente Nader’s house.
0) 1152) text: 142 new school term. She is deep in thought. Nader comes and takes her into the judge’s room. Termeh stands in front o the judge. Her parents are on either side. Nader is standing and Simin is still sitting.
0) 1154) dialog: Hello. So young lady, your parents have left it up to you to decide whom you want to live with. Termeh is struggling to answer.
0) 1155) dialog: Have you decided? Nader and Simin are trying to pretend to be calm but are both worried about her answer.
0) 1156) dialog: So what is it?
0) 1158) dialog: If you haven't decided...
0) 1160) dialog: And? Termeh is uncomfortable by her parents’ presence.
0) 1161) dialog: Do you want them to wait outside if it’s difficult for you?
0) 1163) dialog: (to Nader and Simin) Please wait outside. Simin and Nader, who are both upset about their daughter being placed in such a position, leave the room. They pas the secretary’s room and come to the corridor. They each stand in a corner and lean against the wall. They are bot concerned about the answer that Termeh will give and they are worried. The End July 2010