0) 191) dialog: Hello... How are you Termeh?
0) 193) dialog: And your test results. 26 Termeh goes to her room to take her bag and bring back he math books. Nader takes off his coat while walking toward his father’s room to give him the newspaper he has bought him. Somayeh is sitting next to Mr. Morteza and is readin the paper for him.
0) 200) dialog: (to Somayeh) Don’t forget your drawing. Somayeh collects her drawing and crayons from the dining room table.
0) 201) dialog: Look after your mom okay?
0) 214) dialog: Maybe you got tired cause it was your first day.
0) 216) dialog: Here’s that doctor’s number.
0) 218) dialog: A woman. Her secretary knows me. Tell them Ghahraei sent you. They also do sonograms.
0) 220) dialog: Cause he wants to come out and play with you.
0) 222) dialog: Then it’s definitely a boy. Razieh laughs and goes to the kitchen. Termeh comes back with her books and notebooks and sits at the dining room table next to Mrs. Ghahraei. INT. KITCHEN — AFTERNOON 29 Nader is pouring water in the tea maker. He presses the button to boil the water. Razieh is standing in the doorw to the kitchen. Nader is looking for tea in the kitchen cupboards to refill the tea canister.
0) 313) dialog: Have you had your breakfast? Go sit down and I’1l1 call your son. Don’t go in the kitchen. Upset, Mrs. Kalani climbs up the stairs. The sound of the main door to the building is heard. She comes back down t stairs and waits to see who is coming up the stairs. Razi and Somayeh are climbing the stairs. Razieh is climbing t stairs with difficulty.
0) 314) dialog: My child, this poor old man has been standing by the door for half an hour. Why are you so late?
0) 316) dialog: Hello. Razieh gets the key from the ledge above the door.
0) 317) dialog: And take the trash out with the can. The liquids pour out of the bag allover the stairs.
0) 327) dialog: Yes. Hello.
0) 329) dialog: She was mopping the stairs.
0) 331) dialog: Just before noon... she’s not home?
0) 401) dialog: What happened? Razieh is trying to get up.
0) 402) dialog: Sit for a bit.. don’t get up... 52 Unaware of her surroundings, Razieh gets up with difficulty. Upset, she takes her daughter’s hand, gathers her chador around her and leaves. Upset, Termeh comes inside and closes the door. INT. BATHROOM — DAY Nader turns on the water. He holds the handheld shower ov his father who is sitting on the edge of the bathtub. He takes a loofah to wash him. While scrubbing him, he notic a wound on his father’s elbow. He starts to cry. He regre and is embarrassed by the way he earlier scolded his father. He holds his father’s head in his arms just like father would his child, kisses him. EXT. STREET OUTSDIE SIMIN’S PARENTS’ HOME — DUSK Nader is behind the wheel. His father is sitting quietly the front passenger seat. Termeh is in the back seat and has her schoolbag and an overnight bag with her. They dri up and stop outside an old apartment building. Termeh gathers her things to get out of the car.
0) 636) dialog: Hi Mrs. Lavasani. The female officer hands Simin her cell phone.
0) 638) dialog: It’s a good thing I saw you. What happened? Is it true that...
0) 640) dialog: (worried) So what should I tell them?
0) 642) dialog: What if he asks something that...
0) 645) dialog: Okay. INT. EXAMINING MAGISTRATE’S OFFICE — DAY Sitting in front of the examining magistrate’s office, ar Hojjat and Razieh. They are on one side of Mrs. Ghahraei and Nader is on the other. Mrs. Ghahraei is answering questions. 81
0) 647) dialog: Mr. Lavasani was in the Kitchen.
0) 649) dialog: If he did, I didn’t notice.
0) 651) dialog: I think she told me.
0) 653) dialog: Oh yes her daughter was drawing a man and a woman. She said this is my daddy and mommy. I said your mommy’s not that fat. She said she has a baby in her tummy.
0) 655) dialog: No.
0) 657) dialog: 82 Even if I could tell, what difference does it make to Mr. Lavasani?
0) 666) dialog: 83 (to the examining magistrate) He is an honorable man. I’ve been going there for a year to teach his daughter. He doesn’t come into the living room till I’m done teaching his daughter. He stays in his room.
0) 673) dialog: They wanted to know whether your dad knew Somayeh’s mom was pregnant or not.
0) 675) dialog: There's nothing to forgive. (to Somayeh) Sweetie, how did mommy lose her baby?
0) 677) dialog: Why?... Did daddy fight with her at home?
0) 679) dialog: (to Somayeh) Maybe because she didn’t tell him she was working in people’s home? Did he hit her?
0) 681) dialog: Then why were they fighting in your drawing that day? You showed me.
0) 683) dialog: You’re sure? Somayeh is quiet and does not respond. INT. EXAMINING MAGISTRATE’S OFFICE — DAY Nader and Hojjat are standing in front of the examining magistrate’s desk and Razieh is sitting on a chair.
0) 807) dialog: I didn’t see her fall but when I arrived, she was sitting on that step down there.
0) 820) dialog: Excuse me. That morning when I saw her here I asked her why there was garbage on the steps. She said she had gotten dizzy and dropped the bag. (to Razieh) Right?
0) 822) dialog: You told me you got dizzy...
0) 853) dialog: (trembling) What do I have to say to you? I don’t know you nor this woman’s husband.
0) 862) dialog: I did no such thing.
0) 864) dialog: When did I say such a thing?!
0) 866) dialog: I didn’t say it like that.
0) 872) dialog: (yelling) Shame on you! What do you mean between you?! I keep quiet and you...
0) 874) dialog: It was YOU who called and said come to court they have a question for you. I came there and whatever they asked, I told them the truth.
0) 877) dialog: (yelling) Fine give me that Qoran! I’m not scared.
0) 879) dialog: (yelling) I swear on this Qoran that day at their house, her husband didn’t hear what your wife and I said. He was in the kitchen and didn’t find out that your wife was pregnant from our conversation... Okay? Anything else I should say? Hojjat leaves. Simin is upset and is standing in a corner The vice-principal seats Mrs. Ghahraei, who is still shaking from fear, down on a chair.
0) 881) dialog: No... no.. I don’t want him to find out.
0) 883) dialog: I only went to court out of respect for your husband... If I'd know it would come to this, I wouldn’t have even answered my phone. 110 Mrs. Ghahraei gets up to leave.
0) 885) dialog: I’m going to wash my face. Mrs. Ghahraei leaves the office. INT. CORRIDOR — DAY (CONT. ) Termeh is behind the office door and it is clear that she has heard everything. Mrs. Ghahraei comes out of the offi and Termeh sees her angry and upset glare. She is ashamed Mrs. Ghahraei leaves. Upset, Termeh walks towards the exi INT. NADER’S HOUSE — HALLWAY — DAY Nader has the receiver to his ear and is waiting for the other end to pick up. He walks through the hallway to the door and opens it for Simin and Termeh and then walks bac to the living room.