0) 69) text: distance, their voices can’t be heard. Simin enters as s shakes the dust off her suitcase. On her way to the bedroom, she passes Razieh and Somayeh, who are waiting. INT. BEDROOM — DAY Simin’s clothing and other personal things are in a pile the bed. She stuffs them into her suitcase.
0) 70) dialog: Excuse me madam... Simin leaves the suitcase and walks out of the room. INT. HALLWAY AND TERMEH’S ROOM — DAY Termeh pretends to be busy with her homework, even though it is clear she is not concentrating. Simin enters.
0) 80) dialog: That’s too early. I’d have to leave my house at 5:30.
0) 83) dialog: Excuse me... what’s the pay per month?
0) 88) dialog: (to Nader) 300,000 is a little... it’s too little.
0) 90) dialog: The commute is far. Several bus lines.
0) 92) dialog: Let me think about it and let you know.
0) 94) dialog: Goodbye ma’am. Simin places the rest of the cash back in the drawer wher some money is kept. INT. STAIRWAY — DAY Razieh and her daughter go down the stairs. Simin pays th mover. The mover thanks her and leaves. Simin goes back inside the apartment. INT. KITCHEN — DAY Termeh and Nader are bending over the washing machine and trying to figure out the settings.
0) 129) dialog: I thought you live here.
0) 131) dialog: This will be a little difficult for me. 17
0) 135) dialog: 
0) 138) dialog: 
0) 141) dialog: It’s oxygen... move away. You'll wake him! Curious, Somayeh is still standing in the doorway and Razieh goes into the kitchen. INT. KITCHEN AND LIVING ROOM — DAY Razieh clears the breakfast table and places the dishes i the sink. From the leftover bread and cheese on the table she prepares a basic breakfast for her daughter. Somayeh walks into the kitchen.
0) 143) dialog: (quietly) No.. take this over there and eat.
0) 145) dialog: Cause he’s asleep. 19 Somayeh takes the tray and walks out of the kitchen. Razi takes the load of dishes from the sink and places them in the washing machine. She tries to not make any noise. She doesn’t want to wake Mr. Morteza. It is clear that she is not very familiar with working with a dishwasher. As she bending over and placing a dish in the washing machine, s suddenly stops and feels something.
0) 146) dialog: (quietly) Somayeh... come quick... run. She motions to Somayeh to come. Somayeh places the tray o the sofa and hurries to the kitchen. Razieh is calm and stands and places her hand on the side of her belly. She feels something beneath her hand and shows her pleasure t Somayeh with a smile. Somayeh enthusiastically places her ear on her mother’s belly.
0) 147) dialog: This side. Somayeh moves her ear around on her mother’s protruding belly to better feel the fetus’s movements. She doesn’t feel anything.
0) 149) dialog: Shhh!
0) 151) dialog: It’s woken up. Somayeh now feels her mother’s belly with her hand. She tries to find the baby’s movements.
0) 152) dialog: It’s naughty. Now Razieh notices the hallway where Mr. Morteza is walki towards the house door. She walks towards him. 20
0) 153) dialog: Hello. INT. HALLWAY AND MR. MORTEZA’S ROOM — DAY Razieh walks towards Mr. Morteza who has reached the hous door and wants to leave the house. From the kitchen doorw Somayeh looks curiously at Mr. Morteza and is a little scared.
0) 154) dialog: Where do you want to go?
0) 156) dialog: We have the paper. Go to your room and I’1l bring you something to eat. Razieh guides Mr. Morteza back towards his room. Out of habit, Mr. Morteza raises his hand for Razieh to take it and lead him to his room. Razieh avoids taking his hand. Mr. Morteza looks at Somayeh. A little scared, Somayeh hides behind the kitchen wall.
0) 159) dialog: Sit here.. sit. Mr. Morteza sits on the edge of the bed. Distressed at th situation, Razieh, careful not to step on the wet spots i the carpet, walks to the hallway. Somayeh follows her.
0) 160) dialog: (to Somayeh) 21 Where are you coming? Don’t you see that it’s unclean here? Go put your slippers on. Somayeh goes to the kitchen to put on her slippers. Razie looks at Mr. Morteza and the bad situation he is in. She at a dilemma as to what to do.
0) 161) dialog: (to Mr. Morteza) Can you change your own clothes?
0) 163) dialog: Get up.. get up.. I’1l take you to the bathroom. Mr. Morteza gets up. From the foul odor, Razieh realizes that he has not only peed in his pants, but he has also soiled them.
0) 164) dialog: (upset) Ah! Can you wash yourself? INT. CORRIDOR AND BATHROOM — DAY Razieh enters the bathroom. She hangs Mr. Morteza’s clean clothing on the peg on the wall. She turns on the water i the bathtub and brings him into the bathroom.
0) 165) dialog: Take your clothes off, wash yourself, and then put these on.. did you understand? Wash yourself so that you’1ll not be uncomfortable. Razieh comes out of the bathroom and closes the door. She (CONTINUED )
0) 166) text: 22 waits behind the bathroom door in the corridor. She is worried about Mr. Morteza. Curious, Somayeh is standing i the corridor. Razieh has placed her ear to the bathroom door.
0) 167) dialog: Can you manage? She waits a little. She pushes the door ajar. Mr. Morteza is still standing just as he was in the middle of the bathroom.
0) 168) dialog: Look, put these pants on... pants... okay? Razieh again leaves the bathroom and closes the door. Mr. Morteza stares blankly at the closed bathroom door.
0) 174) dialog: Shh! That’s not nice. Razieh takes out a small notebook from her purse. She cal a number she has written in it and waits for the other en to pick up.
0) 175) dialog: Hello... good day.. excuse me I had a religious question. I am working at a house. There’s an old man here. I am here to care for him. I just saw that he has wet his pants. They didn’t tell me that he couldn’t control himself. I wanted to ask you what I should do. If I clean him and change him, will it be considered a sin... (pause) No there is no one else here... He’s 70 or 80 years old and he’s senile... (pause) I called his son several times but he is not answering... I don’t know anyone here... (pause) I might accidentally see... (pause) The urgency is that the poor guy has been sitting like this for half an hour... (pause) (MORE )
0) 176) text: 24 No I will tell his son today that I can’t anymore... (pause) Yes... Yes.. All right. Thank you very much. Sorry to have bothered you. Goodbye. Razieh hangs up and goes into the kitchen and gets a pair of gloves.
0) 178) dialog: My little angel. Razieh goes into Mr. Morteza’s room and closes the door. Somayeh is curious and walks towards the door. She peeps through the keyhole and sees her mother who is trying to take off Mr. Morteza’s clothing and clean him. EXT. GAS STATION — AFTERNOON Termeh is pumping gas into Nader’s car. Nader is sitting behind the wheel and is watching her in the side view mirror. Some people are looking at Termeh and are astonished that she is pumping gas. Termeh fills the tank Places the nozzle back and comes towards Nader’s window. Nader gives Termeh two 2000 toman notes. Termeh pays the gas station attendant and quickly gets in the front passenger side and gives back the gas card to her father.
0) 199) dialog: (to Somayeh) Come put your shoes on. We’re leaving.
0) 203) dialog: Hello.
0) 205) dialog: I did in the morning.. he must’ve opened it.
0) 207) dialog: Excuse me but I might not be able to come here tomorrow.
0) 209) dialog: The commute is too far.
0) 211) dialog: The work is too much for me.
0) 215) dialog: No ma’am... (pointing to Mr. Morteza’s room) No. You were here for a few minutes. You saw.. I can’t with my situation. (to Somayeh) Get your bag.
0) 217) dialog: Is it a man or a woman?
0) 221) dialog: It moved a lot today.
0) 225) dialog: You didn’t tell me that I have to clean him.
0) 227) dialog: He soiled his pants today. Nader stop looking in the cupboards and upset, Razieh.
0) 228) dialog: It’s not right for me to clean him. Please pay me for today so I can go. Nader is deep in thought.
0) 229) dialog: Could you pay me...
0) 231) dialog: There are companies you can call for a male helper.
0) 233) dialog: Goodbye. Nader comes to the kitchen. He hears the doorbell. He ope the door. Razieh is at the door.
0) 235) dialog: Excuse me but could I give my husband your number and say I found it in the paper so that he could come for this job?
0) 237) dialog: I don’t want him to know that you know me. I didn’t tell him I was coming here for work.
0) 239) dialog: It’s late for tonight. I’11l come tomorrow. Tell him to start from the day after tomorrow. And for the pay...
0) 241) dialog: Thank you.
0) 289) dialog: Hello.
0) 291) dialog: He couldn’t make it.
0) 293) dialog: I don’t know, if he doesn’t I‘1l come.
0) 295) dialog: No poor guy wanted to come. Last night one of his creditors came with a police officer and took him away.
0) 297) dialog: No he will definitely come. I‘1l go see the creditor and ask to have him agree to release him. His check has bounced. He hadn’t come home for a week for fear of being arrested.
0) 299) dialog: (quietly) Somayeh! She starts clearing the breakfast table. INT. MR. MORTEZA’S ROOM — DAY Somayeh is standing by Mr. Morteza’s bed and is staring a the oxygen mask that is covering his mouth. She is curiou Her hand is on the oxygen tank valve and she keeps turnin it to the left and then the right. At one point, she turn on the valve too high and wakes Mr. Morteza.
0) 301) dialog: Somayeh! Somayeh quickly leaves the room. INT. HALLWAY — DAY Somayeh comes out of Mr. Morteza’s room. Razieh is foldin up the rugs in the hallway, which were soiled two days earlier.
0) 302) dialog: Take the trash out. Somayeh goes towards the garbage bag. Razieh is holding t rug and is dragging it to the bathroom.
0) 303) dialog: Can you manage? Just leave it by the door. Somayeh picks up the garbage bag with difficulty and take it outside. Razieh pulls the rug into the bathroom. INT. STAIRWAY — DAY Somayeh drags the garbage bag down the stairs. Suddenly t bag rips open and some of the garbage and the fluid from (CONTINUED )
0) 304) text: 38 the bottom of the bag pour out onto the stairs. Somayeh tries to pick up the garbage with her hands and get it ba into the bag but she can’t. INT. BATHROOM — DAY Razieh has placed the rug inside the bathtub and despite the fact that this is very difficult for her, she is tryi to wash and rinse it. Somayeh comes to the bathroom door.
0) 306) dialog: (frustrated) Ah!... Where?
0) 308) dialog: (angry) Why did you get it on your clothes? Where the hell am I going to get you clean clothes? Take it off! Razieh is angry at the situation that has occurred. She takes off Somayeh’s dress with disgust. This causes Somay some pain but she does not show it. INT. STAIRWAY — DAY Razieh is in the stairway with a dustpan and sweeper. She is cleaning up the mess from the torn garbage bag. She sweeps the garbage into a new garbage bag. Somayeh is wearing one of Termeh’s clothes, which is too big for her She comes to the doorway with a worried look on her face.
0) 310) dialog: (worried) Go see if he’s in the bathroom. 39 Somayeh goes back inside. Razieh is worried. She leaves t garbage and is waiting for Somayeh to come back. She is anxious and goes back into the house. EXT. OUTSIDE NADER’S HOUSE — DAY Razieh is worried and rushes out the door. She looks at both ends of the street. She doesn’t know in which direction she should go. She runs towards the main intersection. EXT. STREET — DAY Razieh is running forth and searching all around for Mr. Morteza. She runs to the side of the street and then goes back to Nader’s street. She stops to catch her breath. Sh doesn’t know in which direction and where to look. She spots a newspaper stand at the end of the street and she sees Mr. Morteza standing next to it barefoot. He is tryi to cross the busy street. Horrified, she runs towards him She is looking at him and crossing the street when she hears the sound of screeching tires from behind. INT. NADER’S HOUSE - TERMEH’S ROOM — DAY Nader, Termeh, Somayeh and Mr. Morteza are playing tablet football and making a lot of noise. INT. KITCHEN — DAY Razieh washes her tired face at the kitchen sink. She hea the sounds of screaming and joy but her mind is occupied elsewhere and her face is miserable. She dries her face. Buttons up her overcoat and comes out of the kitchen. INT. STAIRWAY — DAY Razieh opens the door. Tired, she walks down the stairs with her daughter. INT. BUS — EXT. STREET — AFTERNOON A bus is approaching the station. Razieh and her daughter are among the passengers who get on the bus in the women’ section. Inside the bus is crowded and there are no empty seats. Her daughter is tired. A woman moves to the side a lets Somayeh sit next to her. Razieh stands in the aisle (CONTINUED )
0) 311) text: 40 among the other women. The bus drives off. Razieh is holding the bar and is tired. She feels dizzy and almost falls. A woman behind her holds her up. Another woman stands up and gives up her seat to Razieh.
0) 315) dialog: My commute is far.. hello.
0) 318) dialog: 41 Yesterday I felt dizzy and dropped the bag. I’1l mop the stairs today. Razieh opens the door. Razieh and Somayeh go in and take Mr. Morteza with them. Mrs. Kalani mumbles something and climbs the stairs. EXT. OUTSIDE TERMEH’S SCHOOL — STREET — DAY Nader is in his car and turns from the main street into t street where Termeh’s school is located. The school is ou and the street is full of students and their rides. Nader is a little late. He slowly drives past the school, and looks for Termeh. Mrs. Ghahraei comes out of the school. Some of the students are surrounding her and walking with her to her car. Termeh is among them. She is showing Mrs. Ghahraei a model she has made for her final. INT. NADER’S HOUSE — STAIRWAY — DAY Nader is holding Termeh’s backpack and is going up the stairs ahead of her. Termeh is holding the paper. They reach the apartment door. Nader rings the doorbell. Terme is tired and bends over to sit on the steps.
0) 349) dialog: Come here. Somayeh stays. Razieh walks towards the kitchen and Somay follows her.
0) 351) dialog: Hello.
0) 353) dialog: Something came up. I had to leave for a bit.
0) 355) dialog: He was asleep.
0) 357) dialog: I wasn’t gone long.
0) 359) dialog: I thought he would sleep like he does everyday.
0) 362) dialog: Has something happened to him?
0) 365) dialog: I had to go.
0) 367) dialog: (shocked) I took money?!
0) 369) dialog: (to Somayeh) Go wait outside till I come. the house.
0) 370) dialog: When did I take money? 48
0) 373) dialog: On the holy martyrs I didn’t... here, search my bag if there was any money...
0) 375) dialog: (on the verge of tears) You don’t want to give me what I’ve earned? Nader goes towards her to get her out of the house.
0) 377) dialog: (yelling) Don’t touch me!
0) 391) dialog: (worried) I want to know what has happened to him.
0) 393) dialog: I didn’t steal anything. If I had...
0) 395) dialog: Pay me for today and I'll leave. 51 The sound of the neighbor’s door opening.
0) 397) dialog: (on the verge of tears) I come here with my child from... (crying) I swear on the prophet, I didn’t take any money.
0) 399) dialog: I won't leave till I get my money. Nader lunges towards her and grabs her by the shoulder to get her out.
0) 400) dialog: (screaming) Don’t touch me! Nader pushes her out and slams the door shut and locks it Angry, he walks towards the corridor. Termeh is standing the corridor terrified and in disbelief. Nader goes into the bathroom. Termeh, worried, walks to the door and listens to see what has happened. Razieh’s voice has silenced. Worried, Termeh cracks the door open. She sees Razieh sitting at the foot of the stairs and is in such pain that she cannot even scream. Razieh can hardly breathe. Somayeh is standing above her mother and crying. neighbor, Mrs. Kalani is trying to help her. A couple of the neighbors are standing in the stairway. Mrs. Kalani i rubbing her shoulders.
0) 501) dialog: Yes.
0) 520) dialog: (shocked) You didn’t push me?!
0) 524) dialog: He didn’t push me. He grabbed me here and threw me out and I fell on the stairs.
0) 530) dialog: Your honor, you’re like an older brother to me, can't everyone tell from the appearance and body of a woman that she is pregnant...
0) 535) dialog: Your honor, I spoke of my pregnancy in front of him, his daughter and her private tutor who comes to their house. They all heard it.
0) 541) dialog: His daughter’s tutor can testify. Let her come in and say that he didn’t hear me.
0) 549) text: Razieh has not 68 my poor pregnant wife to clean the shit between his father’s legs?
0) 552) dialog: (to the Examining Magistrate) Please he's a bit hot-tempered...
0) 554) dialog: (in tears) I only wanted to help with the bills. Your honor, he hasn’t worked for months.
0) 556) dialog: Your honor I’m here today for one thing.. I lost my child but it didn’t hurt as much as when he accused me of being a thief... 69
0) 563) dialog: Your honor, where should I have gone? He accused me of stealing. If I hadn’t asked for the money and left, he would’ve thought I had stolen the money.
0) 567) dialog: (pointing to the window) My daughter is going outside!
0) 570) dialog: I’m not well. You go I'11l come.
0) 572) dialog: What should I say?
0) 574) dialog: You go on. I’11l come. Hojjat leaves. Razieh is upset and full of doubt. She goe back inside. Somayeh is standing in a corner and looking a small kitten that in the midst of all this commotion, i standing by a prisoner’s foot. The prisoner is in handcuf and is in prison uniform. A guard is sitting next to him. The prisoner is throwing his leftover food from a plastic plate on the ground for the little kitten. The kitten is eating it and rubbing itself against the prisoner’s leg. Somayeh is curious and walks towards them and stands ther and watches the kitten. INT. EXAMINING MAGISTRATE’S OFFICE — DAY Now, Nader, Hojjat and Razieh are all standing in front o the examining magistrate’s desk. They are all more distraught than before. The door is still open and other people waiting to see the magistrate are all standing in line by the door with their files in their hands.
0) 575) dialog: He was sleeping. I locked the door to keep him in. His son would lock the door and leave me the key in the mornings. I saw that he does it so I...
0) 577) dialog: 72 I was afraid he would wake up and do something to hurt himself. I swear on the Absent Imam that I did it out of compassion for him.
0) 652) dialog: Ma’am you asked me. Why would I tell you?
0) 662) dialog: Your honor, it is obvious. Now that I am speaking to you, even if that man... (pointing to the secretary) doesn’t want to, he can hear us. (to the secretary) Right?
0) 685) dialog: (to Nader) You didn’t push me?
0) 687) dialog: When did I cuss at you?
0) 695) dialog: Yes the neighbors were there.
0) 702) dialog: What do you mean?
0) 705) dialog: I don’t have anyone. It’s just my husband who is unemployed at the moment.
0) 707) dialog: (worried) What’ve I been accused of?
0) 711) dialog: I explained to you why...
0) 718) dialog: Sir for the sake of the Qoran, don’t! (to Hojjat) Go out and be quiet.
0) 724) dialog: (to the officer) Forgive us. He’1ll calm down now. The officer ignores her and takes Hojjat. With no other choice, Razieh goes back to the examining magistrate’s office. INT. EXAMINING MAGISTRATE’S OFFICE — DAY Worried Razieh comes in. The examining magistrate is writing something down. Nader is still standing in front him. 90
0) 725) dialog: (pleading) Your honor, I beg you for the sake of the Qoran and the Martyrs... he’s stressed out.
0) 727) dialog: In the past month, every other day, he’s been in and out of prison. His creditors have deposited his checks. I’ve begged them to let him come out...
0) 729) dialog: I beg you to forgive him. Sir, look at these. Every day he takes a bunch of these. Ever since he lost his job, he’s been depressed. He can’t help it.
0) 731) dialog: (to the examining magistrate) You're like his elder...
0) 733) dialog: Yes sir!
0) 735) dialog: I’1l wait for him to come back. Razieh leaves the room. EXT. COURTYARD — DAY 91 Termeh and Somayeh are seated next to the kitten in a corner of the crowded courtyard. They are speaking to eac other.
0) 798) dialog: No, towards the lower floor.
0) 801) dialog: On these stairs.
0) 803) dialog: I think it was this one.
0) 805) dialog: No I’m not sure.
0) 809) dialog: I was so upset that I didn’t realize what was happening.
0) 821) dialog: My daughter had taken the garbage down.
0) 1087) dialog: Hello... excuse me is Ms. Rafiee here?
0) 1089) dialog: She told me to come at ten.
0) 1091) dialog: I have doubts.
0) 1093) dialog: Yes... Razieh falls silent.
0) 1095) dialog: No. Even before that my child wasn’t moving.
0) 1097) dialog: Before he pushed me.
0) 1101) dialog: I’m not sure but the night before I had pain.
0) 1103) dialog: I was hit by a car. Simin is extremely shocked at what she has just heard. Th are both silent. 135
0) 1104) dialog: You father-in-law had wandered into the street. I went after him. He was crossing the street to come back. I ran to stop him from getting hit by a car but I got hit instead. The pain started that night.
0) 1107) dialog: Since yesterday when you told him about this money, he’s promised it to his creditors.
0) 1109) dialog: It's my fault. Yesterday when he said you’ve promised him this money, I got really scared. I called a few people. They all say if I have doubts then it’s a sin to take it.
0) 1111) dialog: No please! I made you swear that none of this would leave this room.
0) 1113) dialog: I’m afraid of dirty money coming into my life and something bad happening to my child.
0) 1115) dialog: Don’t pay this money.
0) 1129) dialog: (to everyone) Excuse me.
0) 1135) dialog: I won’t swear. Azam is wondering how to convince her to go back. Hojjat walks in not knowing what’s happening.
0) 1138) dialog: I have doubts. Upon hearing this, Hojjat panics. He closes the kitchen door so that they are not heard. Azam stays out of the kitchen.
0) 1140) dialog: I had told Azam.
0) 1142) dialog: The day before it, a car hit me and that night I had a lot of pain. 140 Hojjat is thinking of what to do.
0) 1144) dialog: No. It's a sin. I asked.
0) 1146) dialog: I am scared that we'll be punished.
0) 1148) dialog: I’m afraid of something bad happening to our child.
0) 1150) dialog: I swear to God I can’t! Suddenly Hojjat starts to quietly beat himself like a madman. Razieh tries to hold his hands. Hojjat has lost a control. He is angry and leaves the kitchen. Worried, Razieh leaves the kitchen after him. INT. HALLWAY AND LIVING ROOM — NIGHT Hojjat leaves. Upset, Razieh passes through the hallway a walks to the living room where Nader, Simin, Termeh and t rest of the guests are sitting. In the doorway she faces Simin and speaks. 141
0) 1151) dialog: Ma’am why did you come here tonight? Didn’t I tell you not to come? Didn’t I tell you this money is dirty I don’t want it? Why did you do this to me? How will I live in this house? I swear to God, I will never forgive you! In tears, Razieh leaves the room. Nader looks at Simin in disbelief. Somayeh and Termeh are quietly staring at each other. EXT. OUTSIDE HOJJAT’S HOUSE — NIGHT Nader’s car is parked in an open area close to the street where Hojjat’s house is located. All the car windows are broken or shattered. Nader, Simin and Termeh have reached their car and are shocked at seeing this scene. Upset, Nader opens the car door and removes the shattered glass from the seats. A piece of glass cuts his hand. He wraps tissue around his bleeding hand and gets in. INT. NADER’S CAR, EXT. STREET — NIGHT Nader’s car moves through the streets of the southern par of the city. Through the glassless windows, the wind blow through the car. They keep driving and Termeh is deep in thought. INT. FAMILY COURT, COURTROOM — DAY It is the following season. From the view outside the window it is clear that the weather is cloudy and it is raining. Nader and Simin are seated on two chairs facing the judge. They are dressed head to toe in black winter clothing. It is clear from the length of Nader’s beard th he has not shaved it for a few months. They are both quie and the judge is reading their petition. A few moments of peace and quiet ensue. INT. CORRIDOR — DAY Termeh is sitting alone in the busy corridor. She is wearing a black cardigan over her school uniform for the (CONTINUED )