34) 2) text: Evan begins unscrewing his bottle, when he notices a litt black line marking where the liquor bottle is filled to. Then, he realizes that every bottle has it.
62) 2) dialog: What the fuck do you think you're doing?
62) 4) text: The guys turn and see that in corner of the kitchen, the Driver, holding a phone, is being yelled at by a massive brute, MARK.
62) 5) dialog: You calling more of your stupid friends again? Ya prick.
62) 7) dialog: Get the fuck out of my house.
62) 9) text: Suddenly, Mark grabs the Driver by the back of the neck a drags him out of the kitchen, down the front hall and out door. A group of people follow, including Seth and Evan.
63) 5) text: Mark steps on the Driver's hand.
63) 7) text: The Driver takes his hand out from under Mark's foot. He stands up.
63) 9) text: Suddenly, Mark becomes enraged. He takes a big step forwa and brutally KICKS the Driver square in the nuts! The Driver clutches his nuts and falls to the ground.
63) 10) dialog: Francis, you and your idiot friends stay the away from me and mine or I'll flipping shiv your ass!
63) 11) text: Mark and his buddies head back in, leading them towards S and Evan, who quickly duck back into the party.
66) 1) text: Hey Mark, you want another beer? Seth quickly walks away from the fridge and goes down the hall.
77) 0) text: 84 Seth is scrubbing at the mark on his thigh, but it's not doing much. He stops for a moment to take a breather as h looks around the basement. He spots a fridge in the corner and walks over to it. As opens it, a look of awe sweeps across his face. Every she is completely filled with beer. SETH
82) 7) text: Seth turns and sees Mark, the guy who assaulted the Drive walking towards him. He notices Mark has a splotch on his leg, too.
82) 9) dialog: Shut it, you little shitter! What the hell were you doing dancing with Jacinda?
82) 12) dialog: (point at Seth's splotch) Then where did that come from, asshole?
84) 0) text: 91 There is a crowd gathered around Seth and Mark. The Enorm Guy and Mark's friends are gathered beside Mark.
84) 2) text: Evan and the four dudes who were doing coke walk into the room. Evan is shocked to see Seth at the center of so muc commotion. Mark notices the detergent bottle in Seth's ha
84) 3) dialog: And what the fuck is this?
84) 5) dialog: Yeah. And what are you doing with it?
84) 7) text: Mark sees the bottle of MIKE'S HARD LEMONADE in Seth's po and takes it out. He looks at it, then looks at Seth with look of death.
84) 9) text: Suddenly, Mark violently SHOVES Seth and throws the beer bottle at his face!!! Seth holds up a detergent jug and deflects the beer bottle.
84) 14) text: Dude 1 clutches his bloody head as the other Dudes charge Mark! A full on brawl breaks out! Everyone starts fightin Two of the Dudes beat on the Enormous Guy. They throw him into Evan.
84) 18) text: Evan reluctantly holds the Enormous Guy up as the two Dud pound on him. ANGLE ON: Seth, cowering in the corner Mark runs at Seth and is about to punch him, when suddenl Dude 1 tackles him onto the kitchen island! Seth turns an faces Mark's girlfriend, JACINDA.
123) 0) text: 132 Evan practically holds Helen up, almost dropping her seve times, as they stumble into Jules' bedroom. Helen puts do the tequila and starts kissing Evan, but it's not nice kissing, it's sloppy porno kissing with way too much tong After a few moments Evan pulls away and looks at the remarkably drunk Helen.