24) 52) dialog: It's Roy isn't it? Roy spins from the bar, smiles a friendly smile.
24) 54) dialog: Fantastic place you have here. You don't happen to rent it out for parties do you?
24) 56) dialog: Oh yes. Tonight, in fact.
25) 0) text: The Television chatters away with local nightly news. Fra ignores it, paces on the phone. As he does, we see Jonah King's face on the TV. The same guy from the bar. Archive footage of him preaching, warm, friendly.
28) 0) text: Piper BURSTS into the room ready to kick ass and take nam But...the place is...empty. Food still on the plates. Bee in the mugs. The TV over the bar is still on. We see footage of a Nevada Amber Alert. “Baby Tabitha s missing” A photo of a baby in pink onesie. Then appeari beside it...the photo of Jonah King.
32) 0) text: Jonah King slips from the bar and rushes toward a parked Sedan. He POPS the trunk and grabs a gym bag. As he cross toward the Driver's side door... The gym bag starts to CRY.
32) 1) dialog: Shhhh. Don't cry little precious. FF-FFUMP! Two doors shut. Jonah King turns, freezes. Our two State Troopers stand near their parked cruiser, staring from Jonah to the CRYING gym bag. For a cop, this is that one in a life time event. A caree maker. News. Media. Leno. Then-- The cruiser's back door opens. The Accountant steps out. ignores Jonah King and the crying gym bag.
49) 15) dialog: Milton, isn't it? Why are you here? Why are you making such a fuss?
49) 17) dialog: What's obvious is that you clearly abandoned your daughter.
49) 25) dialog: Okay? Milton, your granddaughter is unbelievably blessed. Look around. The world's on fire. Companies own our governments and the people suffer. Daily. And will continue to suffer until change comes. And change will come. Thanks to your granddaughter, Milton. She will open the door to a new world order.
49) 27) dialog: Your daughter's death was an accident.
49) 29) dialog: Milton, you're embarrassing your--
49) 39) dialog: Put the blonde in the RV. Tattooed Guy shoves Piper toward the RV as Skanky and Business woman climb in with the baby. Jonah aims the gun at Milton's face.
50) 7) dialog: Let's go.
60) 2) dialog: Look at this. He's still coming.
60) 9) dialog: The old man. He's alive.
60) 13) dialog: Don't you see? We stand at the crossroads! Did you think we would just idly change the world? The forces of evil challenge us! This is wonderful! We show ourselves to be worthy. I'm so very proud of each one of you. Tattoo and Business Woman beam. Skanky pulls her tit out, shoves it in the baby's face. T kid goes quiet as -- The back glass SHATTERS. Everyone ducks!
68) 2) dialog: I am patient and forgiving, but that was wrong of you. He turns to her.
68) 3) dialog: I'm going to kill you now. And then I'm going to rape your corpse. So that in the afterlife you might consider your sin this day. Piper CRACKS her knuckles.
81) 1) dialog: Goodbye, child.
96) 7) dialog: Yeah, about that fella who killed all them people at the Bull by the Balls last night. The fella who killed two of your cops. I know where you can find him.
126) 0) text: The RV door flings open revealing Jonah King. He walks wi arrogance through the orgy around him, his followers turn him with reverence. His name is WHISPERED like a secret. He approaches the make-shift stone altar where Skanky Gal holds the baby within a bundle of blankets. HIGH ABOVE: the moon is full and ripe.
126) 1) dialog: It's almost time. Skanky Gal nods. But there is hesitation in her eyes. She grown attached to the baby. Jonah takes the baby, places her on the stone altar.
126) 2) dialog: My brothers and sisters, we have come so far. To this place where the dying earth bleeds its corrupt soul at our feet. From its death, it shall be reborn. As we will be. We who have survived the slings. The arrows. The revulsion of those too weak to believe. We have been cast out. And hunted. But no more. Followers gather, move in unison, dance, writhe, fuck. Tattoo approaches with an old rusty knife. It was probabl elegant once. Now it is worthless. He hands it to Jonah. The Followers GASP in holy awe.
126) 8) dialog: (raising the knife) With this sacrifice, no more will we be shunned. They say the meek will inherit. They LIE. We are not meek. We are chosen. The hounds of perdition will howl at our command. For now we... A HOWLING noise. No. An engine. Distant but thunderous. Heads turn. The sound echoes throughout the ravine then -
129) 6) dialog: Kill him! KILL HIM! Followers produce an assortment of firepower and RIDDLE t Nova with lead! Milton sights Jonah, ready to blow him to fuck, catches t reverend while he cocks the pump. JONAH can see Milton's got him. MILTON grits and pulls the 357's trigger: Click. Click.
132) 8) dialog: Kill him! Jonah and his men open FIRE!
134) 11) dialog: Well...this has all gone to shit. He steadies himself, grips the shotgun and shoves it into Nova's open driver's side door.
134) 14) dialog: You lose.
134) 16) dialog: I said get over here! I want him to watch me kill the kid! Skanky doesn't move.
134) 17) dialog: 