34) 4) dialog: P h.D from Berkeley in Women's Studies-- emphasis in the History of Combat. And last year, I led the march for Lesbians Against Drunk Driving.
34) 13) text: Two weeks ago, I saw Cameron Diaz at Fred Segal -- and talked her out of buying a truly heinous angora sweater! Whoever said that orange is the new pink is seriously disturbed. She looks around, pleased. Enid' snickers as the rest of group stares at Elle, dumbfounded.
45) 20) dialog: Maybe there's a sorority you could join instead. Elle stops and looks at her.
45) 23) dialog: Before you voted against me and called me a dyke behind my back?
51) 0) text: A party filled with people who are no fun to party with. NAMETAGS denote which famous defendant everyone is dresse Menenedez's, Tonya Harding's, and Buttafuco's pepper the Elle, decked out in a Playboy Bunny costume -- looking se as hell -- strides in. People roll their eyes and ignore her. Elle continues on. NEARBY -- Enid, dressed as Lizzie Borden, axe in hand/ is the midst of a tirade against some guy dressed like Willi Kennedy Smith.
51) 1) dialog: The English language is all about subliminal domination. Take the word "semester". It's a perfect example of this school's discriminatory preference of semen to ovaries. That's why I ' m petitioning to have next term be referred to as Winter Ovester. The guy backs up in fright. As Elle passes, Enid looks ov
51) 2) dialog: (continuing)
54) 1) dialog: I give her two more weeks. She throws a twenty into the bowl.      '    В·.   .
54) 13) dialog: Because the rest of us provide some worthwhile value to society?
58) 0) text: Enid is surrounded by study materials and notecards. When she gets up to use the ladies' room, Elle casually walks and slips a notecard into the middle of Enid's stack. The quickly walks on. '
62) 0) text: Enid flips through her notecards, memorizing, when she co upon a picture of a NAKED MAN. Oh, the horror. She throws down in disgust as if her eyes have been burned. Looking around, Enid sees Elle smiling and waving at her across the room.
75) 7) dialog: The competition must not have been that 'В·       stiff. В· Arrogant Aaron pushes his way to the board.
75) 9) dialog: Hey! Watch your hands, Mr.Grabass.
82) 7) dialog: Women like that will screw anything.
84) 59) dialog: Why you?
84) 62) dialog: And subscribe to the doctrine of self- hatred imposed upon my gender by male delusions of the way women are supposed to look? (beat)
116) 5) text: Not yet. Enid walks up to the girls.
116) 6) dialog: (to Elle)
116) 8) dialog: (continuing; to Serena)