2) 0) text: A Delta Gamma/Sigma Chi barbecue in full swing. Beautiful college students drink beer and mingle, trying to figure who they're going to sleep with next. The main wall of the living room has been designated as a "Model Wall" of Delta Gamma girls -- ELLE smiles at us fr Hawaiian Tropic ad and a Miss June USC calendar photo. A cover of an Italian Vogue shows a blonde sexpot MARGOT; a cheerleader poster displays a hard-bodied non-blonde SERE in a pom-pom pose. Serena walks up, fending off an admirer.
2) 1) dialog: Jeremy, enough! I am not going to formal with you. Jeremy slinks off as Margot arrives, agitated.
2) 5) text: You guys are so sweet! ELLE, a vision of fluffy blondeness, runs down the stairs toward Serena and Margot, holding the card.
2) 9) text: (excited) You think? SERENA
2) 14) text: (teasing) That's because you spend too much time in the library. Come with me. (to Serena and Margot) I'll meet you outside. As they go, Elle leads Amy over to a group of jovial Sigm Chi brothers.
3) 0) text: Serena and Margot watch as Elle stands in front of a mirr trying on a Herve Leger white mini-dress. Sexy and ultra- tight.                                               ; ELLE
3) 15) dialog: Elle, you've heard the man pass gas in his sleep. That practically means you're pre-engaged. The Saleswoman approaches with the dress, kiss-assy smile her face.
4) 2) text: Elle, standing nearby with Margot and Serena and several other DG's, smooths down her dress and takes a deep breat o pening the door to find -- WARNER HUNTINGTON, III, 21, tall, chiseled and outrageous handsome. He takes her in, a smile spreading across his face.
8) 0) text: Elle walks down the pink and green carpeted hall, dazed a tear-stained. Margot and Serena emerge from the bathroom, post-shower. Getting ready for a night out.
8) 5) dialog: Did he forget the ring? Elle silently walks into her room.      Serena and Margot worried.
9) 0) text: Elle slumps down in an inflatable chair, hugging her knee and cowering in a wretched little ball. Underdog stares a her, concerned. Serena and Margot stand in the door.
9) 2) dialog: Where's the Rock?
9) 5) dialog: What?!
9) 8) dialog: Is it a Kappa?
9) 14) dialog: What happened?
9) 24) dialog: How could this happen?
9) 26) dialog: Are you sure?
9) 32) text: As they go, Margot looks at Serena.
9) 34) dialog: Helloo... you let him have anal sex with you.
13) 4) text: Bullshit! Serena and Margot enter, bearing Jamba Juice.
13) 8) dialog: What's the thing that always makes us feel better, no matter what?
13) 12) dialog: No -- the thing after that,
14) 0) text: A row of uniformed manicurists and their classy clients. Chattering away. Therapy in full session. Serena sits in front of her regular nail technician.
14) 1) dialog: It was awful. We all thought she'd be the first to walk down the aisle and now she's totally adrift. The nail technician shakes her head in shared girl-power- angst -- looking over at Elle, who sits in the waiting ar shell-shocked, but showered. Elle picks up the only magazine left on the table -- "Tow Country". She wrinkles her nose. An OLD LADY next to her reads "Seventeen". Elle looks at her, begrudging the acce to teen beauty tips, and flips through "Town &amp; Countr n oisily until she freezes on-- the Engagement Section. S gasps.
14) 16) dialog: Elle? (turning back to her nail technician)
16) 0) text: Elle sits on the floor surrounded by piles of LSAT prep books, the framed photo of Warner, and Underdog. There's a KNOCK at the door as Serena and Margot peek ins gasping in horror at the sight of books.
16) 3) dialog: (in a horrified whisper)
16) 10) dialog: What, like on va-kay?
16) 12) dialog: Wait -- Cecil has a condo in Tahoe. Let's go there!
16) 15) dialog: I mean, I know you're upset and all, but can't you just take a sedative? Elle rolls her eyes at their naivete.
22) 0) text: Elle takes a practice LSAT exam as Serena, Margot and a f other Delta Gammas do their butt-crunches in the Delta Ga living room. Serena, while clenching her tush, hits a stop watch and E starts writing furiously.
23) 2) text: And the laws and bi-laws of civil obedience are crucial to my life -- Serena skates by and fake-elbows Elle.
28) 1) dialog: There he is!
29) 2) text: I'm totally focused and goal-oriented. Plus I ' m able to sway people with my very convincing arguments. She turns to Serena, jogging next to her.
29) 5) dialog: (convinced)
47) 0) text: Serena, with a new hairdo, and Margot are surrounded by wedding dresses. Margot talks on her cell phone. We INTERCUT.
47) 11) text: Serena grabs the phone.
47) 12) dialog: (into phone) ;;po you have The Rock yet?
47) 15) dialog: Well, hurry up so you can come home!   We miss you!
47) 17) dialog: Oh, my God!   I completely forgot to tell you!
47) 19) dialog: I got bangs!
95) 24) text: A KNOCK sounds on the open door and Margot and Serena pok their heads in.
95) 25) dialog: Surprise!
95) 29) dialog: We're on our way to the bridal show in New York so we thought we'd rescue you from law school for the night.
95) 35) dialog: Where's Warner?
95) 37) text: At the office ~ Margot and Serena look over at her.
95) 40) dialog: Bring her, too. (to Sarah)
95) 46) text: I can't believe you guys are actually here -- but this case is important. I'll make it up to you after finals, okay? I --      promise. I really want to do a good job. Margot and Serena stare at her, realizing she means it.
95) 47) dialog: Okay. . . Call us if you change your mind. They start to head out. Margot hands Sa-rah the bottle of
95) 55) dialog: Sister forever. She shuts the door behind them.    Then looks at Sarah.
97) 7) text: I'll be over right after the trial, okay? We're about to cross- examine Enrique. And don't worry! My friend Serena barfed on a guy during "The Blair Witch Project" and end up dating him for three months. She hangs up. Enrique cuts in front of her in line for th water fountain. She glares at him, tapping her foot. He finishes getting his drink and turns, looking at her.
112) 37) dialog: Go, Elle! Donovan takes a seat in the audience.    As he passes by
116) 0) text: As the reporters continue to mob Brooke, Elle steps aside talk to Serena and Margot.
116) 1) dialog: I wish we could stay longer, but I have a game.
116) 7) text: Even though you knew your shit today -- you're still a product of the patriarchy and a creation of the male-dominated media. And so are your friends. She looks at Serena.
116) 9) text: Although -- you're kinda hot. Call me. She walks off.   Serena looks alarmed.
116) 11) text: Don't worry. She's harmless. I'll see you guys soon! Thanks for coming! She air-kisses them as Margot leads a still shell-shocked Serena away as Emmett walks up to Elle.