0) 0) text: "HEAD OVER HEELS" by the Go-Go's plays as we wind through flock of abstract, silky, golden strands -- PULLING BACK, discover that the strands are hair on a BLONDE GIRL's hea But not just any blonde girl, a girl in Delta Gamma, the blondest, most beautiful sorority at USC. We PULL BACK further to see that she's signing a handmade card. She holds it up ~ OVER HER SHOULDER, we see hearts and glitter surrounding and "Good Luck Tonight!" and "Ell and Warner forever!." She carries the card out of her room and we FOLLOW HER ac the hall, into the room of -- THREE BLONDE CHEERLEADERS, who stop practicing their pom- routine to sign the card. As they finish, we follow the C Girl out and into the room of -- A BLONDE GIRL IN A TANK TOP and shorts, working out on a Stairmaster as "General Hospital" plays on a tiny TV. She signs the card while continuing to exercise. We move on, the room of-- A BLONDE GIRL MAKING OUT WITH HER BOYFRIEND who stops lon enough to sign the card, as her boyfriend nibbles on her neck. She hands the card back and we head into the room o A BLONDE PARTY GIRL who pours a pink frozen margarita int glass from the blender, then passes it down to ANOTHER BL GIRL, assembly-line style. The card goes one way, being signed, as the drinks go the other. Once the card arrives back in the Card Girl's hands, we follow her out of the room and down the hall until she reaches the very last and biggest door -- She puts a kiss mark on the card, then kneels down and sl the card under the door.
1) 8) text: "Elle and Warner forever". Aww... Underdog yips.
4) 2) text: Elle, standing nearby with Margot and Serena and several other DG's, smooths down her dress and takes a deep breat o pening the door to find -- WARNER HUNTINGTON, III, 21, tall, chiseled and outrageous handsome. He takes her in, a smile spreading across his face.
4) 3) dialog: You're beautiful.
4) 7) dialog: (nervous)
5) 0) text: Warner and Elle are seated at a cozy table on the patio. Elle takes a sip from her freshly poured champagne flute. Nervous and excited.
5) 2) dialog: The reason I wanted to come here tonight was to discuss our future. Elle is on the edge of her seat.
5) 4) dialog: I mean, we're having a lot of fun now -- but things are gonna be different when I ' m at Harvard Law school is a completely different world. I need to be serious.
5) 6) dialog: My family expects a lot from me. And I expect a lot from me. I .plan on running for office some day.
5) 12) dialog: T hat 's why I think it's time for us to-- Elle takes a deep breath, filled with anticipation.
5) 13) dialog: ( ot n ig . . В· &gt; . ' . c n iu n )
5) 16) dialog: I ' m sorry, Elle, I just --
5) 19) dialog: Proposing?! Elle, If I ' m going to be a politician, I need to marry a Jackie, not a -- Marilyn.
5) 22) dialog: T hat' s not entirely --
5) 24) dialog: Elle -- no --В· your boobs are fine -- Her tears start.
5) 29) text: Warner looks around the restaurant nervously.
5) 30) dialog: I do love you, Elle. I just can't marry you. You have no idea the pressure I ' m under. My family has five generations of senators. My brother is in the top three at Yale Law. He just got engaged to a Vanderbilt, for crissakes.
5) 32) dialog: (continuing) It's not like I have a choice, sweetheart
6) 0) text: Elle teeters down the sidewalk as best she can in her thr inch heels, sobbing. Warner pulls up alongside her in his convertible Saab.
6) 1) dialog: C'mon.   Let me take you home.
6) 3) dialog: Elle -- it's twenty miles back to campus.
6) 4) text: Elle stops, thinks a minute, then gets in, still crying. Catching her poofy little purse in the door. She re-opens i t, yanking the purse back in. Warner pulls out.
7) 0) text: Warner pulls up in front. It's a starry, romantic night. Everything should be perfect. It's not. Elle sits, still in shock, as tears continue to eke out.
7) 1) dialog: Elle, believe me, I never expected to be doing this, but I think it's the right thing to do.
7) 5) dialog: I have to think about my future. And what people expect from me.
7) 8) dialog: East coast people are different.
7) 10) dialog: I told you, Elle.       I need someone -- serious.
7) 12) dialog: I ' m sorry. She gets out of the car and drags herself up the stairs t her sorority house. When she's at the top, she turns back look at him. His perfect cheekbones highlighted by the streetlamp. He meets her eyes, pained, but determined.       Then pul leaving her there.
9) 37) text: As the girls go, they shut the door behind them. Elle gets up and grabs a FRAMED PHOTO of Warner, then lie down on her bed, clutching it to her heart. Underdog leap up and gives her little doggy kisses.
12) 0) text: Spread out on the bed are PICTURES of Elle and Warner: Th Sigma Chi formal; their Homecoming Queen and King "wave";
14) 13) text: This is the type-of girl Warner wants to marry. This is what I need to become to be serious. The old lady looks at the picture.
16) 0) text: Elle sits on the floor surrounded by piles of LSAT prep books, the framed photo of Warner, and Underdog. There's a KNOCK at the door as Serena and Margot peek ins gasping in horror at the sight of books.
24) 0) text: Elle sits in front of Amy, as Amy quizzes her with practi LSAT questions. Books are piled high around them. Elle gazes out the.window to see ---Warner and some BARE- CHESTED FRATERNITY BOYS carrying a keg across the quad. H eyes light up and she looks at Amy pleadingly. Amy shakes head no. Elle slumps, then rises and goes to the window, closing the shades and getting back to work.
34) 0) text: Elle sits at the outdoor table, ignoring her slice of piz as she looks around for Warner. Not finding him, she turn her attention to the Group Leader, a BURNED OUT 2L in a r shirt.
36) 0) text: Elle heads for a classroom, amidst a crowd of students wh eye her like she's an alien. She rounds a corner, seeing WARNER, in all his handsome glory, looking over his sched She starts toward him, as if pulled by a magnetic force. Arrogant Aaron sees her passing by.
36) 2) text: H l o t e e. . . . . . . el hr. Elle keeps going, not even noticing him. Eyes only for Warner. Arrogant Aaron stomps away, pissed at the perceiv blow-off. As Elle gets closer to Warner, she opts for wandering pas him, seemingly oblivious to his presence.
36) 3) dialog: (stunned)
36) 6) dialog: What're you talking about? You're not here to see me?
36) 8) dialog: (still confused)
36) 13) dialog: v- y --                   Y ou g o t in to Ha rv a rd L aw ?
36) 17) dialog: Uh -- sure.
39) 25) dialog: Hey. Elle looks up, pure adoration on her face.
39) 29) text: Thanks again for your help! Warner remains standing, still somewhat uncomfortable wit her presence here.
39) 30) dialog: S o -- uh -- how was your first class?
39) 37) dialog: (distracted)
39) 40) dialog: (nervous)
39) 45) dialog: She 's -- Sarah jumps in.                            В·
39) 49) dialog: Sarah was my girlfriend at prep school. We got back together over the summer at my grandmother's birthday party. Elle looks stricken.     Sarah gives her a smug smile.
39) 55) dialog: I didn't know -- Elle looks from Warner to Sarah.
40) 35) text: So you're sure, this Warner guy is "the one"?
41) 0) text: Elle knocks on Warner's door, bottle of wine and two glas in hand.
42) 0) text: Elle is in her push-up bikini, reclining in her beach cha pink frozen margarita in one hand, Underdog in the other, book in her lap, pretending to study. We PULL BACK to reveal that she's sitting on the sideline a touch-football game that Warner is playing with a group other 1-L's. Warner scores easily because the other male eyes are all Elle. He shakes his head and smiles.
43) 0) text: Elle sits, glaring at Sarah, who keeps waving her "The Ro in Elle's direction, as she plays footsie with Warner. PROFESSOR DONOVAN -- 40s, a big fan of himself, salt and pepper hair, no time for bullshit -- stands before the cl
43) 18) text: Sarah glares back at her. Warner looks between the two of
44) 1) text: O        underway. Warner .listens intently, A few seats appears to be taking notes. C L O SE ON--her "notes" -- "I'm free for dinner tonight. me at The Cask &amp; Flagon at 8." She folds the note and sticks it in Underdog's mouth, the him toward Warner. Humiliated but dutiful, Underdog bound CLOSE ON -- Underdog, as he carries forth his mission, arriv ing at Warner's feet. UNDERDOG'S POV -- Warner discreetly takes the note from him, then looks over at El who feigns interest in the meeting. 49   INT. CASK &amp; FLAGON RESTAURANT - NIGHT Elle waits for Warner, alone at a table. Checking her wat to see it's 8:45, she tries not to be sad.
45) 0) text: Warner and his study group, Sarah and Claire included, si a table, going over their outlines. Elle walks up to the table, holding a basket of muffins, bright smile on her f
45) 4) dialog: (nervously looking at Sarah)
45) 10) dialog: Come on ~ we can make room for one more. Sarah looks at Warner with evil eyes.
45) 14) dialog: He tried to watch me take'a shower! Sarah looks at Elle.
47) 25) text: Keep June first open -- you're one of my bridesmaids. And give Warner our love.
53) 0) text: Elle walks onto the back porch and finds Warner --dressed O.J. in a USC football uniform, number 32, with a ball an chain on his foot.
53) 2) dialog: Wow.    You're a walking felony.
53) 4) dialog: ( c h e c k i n g her out)
53) 10) dialog: That's because I spend all my time with case studies and hypos.
53) 12) dialog: (scoffing)
53) 14) dialog: (continuing)
53) 17) text: Am I on glue, or did I not get into the same law school you did, Warner?
53) 18) dialog: (covering)
53) 21) dialog: I just don't want to see you get your hopes up. You know how you get. She stares at him.   Realizing the awful truth.
57) 0) text: Elle -- arms full of books -- walks past the Warner/Sarah study group. Sarah and Claire scowl at her, but Elle pass with her head held high.
68) 0) text: "THE STATE V. LATIMER" is written on the board. A pony- tailed, less made-up Elle takes notes on her lap-top, as Warner makes an argument.
68) 1) dialog: . According to Swinney v. Neubert, Swinney, who was also a private sperm donor, was allowed visitation rights as long as he came to terms with the hours set forth by the parents. So, if we're sticking to past precedent, Mr. Latimer wasn't st al ki ng -- he was clearly within his rights to ask for visitation.
68) 5) dialog: But , without this man's sperm --the child in question would not exist.
68) 19) text: Warner's mouth hangs open. As does Sarah's and the rest o the class. Donovan smiles.
75) 13) text: Me?! Everyone REACTS. She turns and faces the throng.     They back at her in shock. Dignified, she walks through them as they PART for her, stopping in front of Warner and Sarah.
77) 0) text: Elle admires a trendy handbag, but then promptly sets it and picks up a practical leather briefcase. 84   INT. AUSTEN, PLATT, JARET &amp; DONOVAN - LOBBY - DA The elevator door opens and Warner and Elle emerge. Elle sporting her new, boring "lawyer" clothes. Warner is baff and impressed by her transformation.
77) 1) dialog: You look -- nice.
78) 0) text: Professor Donovan opens his briefcase as Elle, Sarah, Eni and Warner hang on his every word.
78) 22) dialog: (to Donovan)
84) 52) dialog: (quietly)
98) 4) dialog: Pink ones.
98) 17) dialog: How was I supposed to know what kind of shoes you had on? She looks at him like he's a complete idiot, as the judge takes his seat.
117) 1) dialog: You were amazing today. She turns and finds Warner.
117) 5) dialog: It made me realize something.      I ' m an idiot.
117) 7) dialog: I want to be with you, Elle.       Forever. He pulls her close, hand around her waist, kissing her. S looks up at him, a trace of the old love in her eyes. For moment, she melts.
117) 10) dialog: (shocked)
117) 13) dialog: Sarah -- hold on. She shoves him, knocking him on his ass, then rushes to . up with Elle.