4) 0) text: The man (40's) and woman (30's) sit on the couch in their tastefully-decorated San Fernando Valley home. Expensive taste in clothes. Her cleavage a bit too obvious. Both seem a little uncomfortable. Uncertain. CAPTION: DR. ALAN &amp; COLETTE MOONEY They look off to the side, speaking to someone off-camera
4) 1) dialog: We thought this was going to be a reality series.
4) 3) dialog: Oh. Really? A documentary? This is going to be a documentary about our writing group?
4) 5) dialog: No. They look at each other: A documentary? They try to mask their disappointment.
4) 7) dialog: Or that, um, that one about the Holocaust. Colette nods, remembering.
4) 8) dialog: Pretty...Pretty--
4) 11) dialog: Powerful.   Yes. Powerful.
4) 13) dialog: We do. They look at each other again: What have we gotten into?
5) 2) text: ...consumed totally, completely, absolutely, by endless thoughts of Yuri fondling her breast, his other hand groping her womanhood, knowing... They sit around the dining room table. Colette, convinced she's the next Amy Tan, reads aloud from her TYPED PAGES. The others all have copies in front of them. We recognize Henry, the frog waiting to become a prince, making copiou notes and Alan, oh-so-proud, hanging on every word. Beami Three others round out the group: Younger MAN (early 30s). Unshaven. Always thinks he's the coolest guy in any room. Can't avoid glances at the camer
5) 8) dialog: Well?   Comments?
10) 0) text: Henry, John, Alan, Colette, Hannah, and William sit aroun the table. Impressive buffet of cold cuts, cheeses, and shrimp has been set out.
10) 7) text: You're still going to have to explain why this Natasha dame goes AWOL on her husband. Still kinda iffy to me. Another glance at the camera: Did you get that? ALAN
10) 11) dialog: Poodles.     It's OK. COLETTE
11) 0) text: Later that evening.    Meeting is over. Alan, Colette, Hannah, Henry, William, and John are all standing up now. William stretches. John reaches for more shrimp. Friendly banter. Laughter.
21) 0) text: Alan and Colette remain on the couch. Talking to the came All smiles. Much more comfortable with the camera.
21) 1) dialog: Well, I'm an optometrist in Glendale.
21) 4) dialog: Our last name's Mooney. You could call us Mooneys. We get that joke all the time. The couple giggle at the joke. Forced.
21) 5) dialog: Which writer do I admire? Hmmm. How about John Grisham? Look at all that money he's made! Just teasing, John. We know you deserved every dime, but, hey, John, could you spread it around a bit, pal?
21) 7) dialog: Colette, here, is the real writer. I'm more of an idea guy. I come up with great ideas, but don't always follow through. I'll show you. He picks up his mini-digital Olympus RECORDER off the cof table. Thinks for a second.
21) 8) dialog: (To recorder)
21) 9) text: Idea for romantic novel. Alan catches himself.
21) 10) dialog: No. Make that, idea for romantic ebook. He winks at the camera--showing he's hip to the jargon.
21) 11) dialog: Possible movie option, too: Frovers. They couldn't be friends. They couldn't be lovers. So they became Frovers. Satisfied, Alan turns off the recorder.
27) 0) text: Alan sits in his favorite chair, talking directly to the camera.
27) 1) dialog: I'm the group leader. After all, getting together was my idea. They're all my patients. That's how we met. First one published gets a free eye exam. Alan cackles a bit too hard at that joke.    He listens t question being asked.
27) 2) dialog: Why did I form the group? To help Colette. Oh, I certainly enjoy the creative process, but Colette? Writing is her dream. I'd do anything for her because...because she's my dream. So there you have it. Alan reaches for his tape recorder.
27) 3) dialog: Possible names for future characters.
27) 6) dialog: Anthony Gilmore. No, wait. Make that Anthony T. Gilmore. Much better. Slate McCoy. Fletcher Peck. Fiona Foxx. And...a man known simply as Banjo. Satisfied, Alan turns off the recorder.
28) 0) text: Place is empty. Alan, Colette, William, John, and Henry gather around the center table. The WRITERS AT WORK poster is propped up against a nearby empty chair. Hard not to notice the EMPTY CHAIR at the ta Hannah is missing. Waitress #1 pours coffee all around. Henry fidgets in his chair, focused on the empty chair.
28) 5) dialog: Time to get started.
28) 8) dialog: William's right. We'll start. She'll show up. William starts passing out pages. Henry eyes the empty ch Colette looks over William's pages. There are only three. She has a puzzled look.
28) 20) dialog: (Jumping in)
29) 0) text: The evening meeting is winding to an end. John stands up stretch. Alan slides papers into his leather satchel. HANNAH'S CHAIR remains empty. Henry remains concerned.
29) 2) text: I wonder what happened to Hannah. ALAN
29) 5) text: What happened? Your car break down? ALAN
29) 19) dialog: Yes.   Fantastic. Fanntasstic. Henry takes it all in quietly, unable to speak. Alan bounces up and gives Hannah a big hug as the others immediately start peppering her with questions.
30) 0) text: Colette, Alan, John, William and Henry encircle a beaming Hannah as Waitress #1 snaps their PHOTO.
31) 0) text: Alan pops the drugstore CHAMPAGNE and pours into the chea plastic cups, as Colette passes them around to Hannah, He John, and William.
31) 1) dialog: (Raising cup)
31) 5) dialog: (Smiling)
32) 0) text: The front door to the restaurant swings open and the writ group members tumble out into the evening. Alan carries h WRITERS AT WORK sign. William makes a move towards Hannah, but the the ever- protective Henry grabs her gently by her elbow, cutting William off. They start walking in one direction. William and John head out in the other. Meanwhile, Alan and Colet wave enthusiastically to Hannah.
32) 1) dialog: Congratulations again, Hannah!
32) 5) text: Thank you! 'Night. Alan and Colette continue to smile and wave until Hannah out of ear shot.
32) 6) dialog: Well, Hannah's got an agent. Short beat.
32) 8) dialog: Of course she did.
36) 11) text: (Reading) "For Poodles...Now may we have sex again? Love, Alan." What? Embarrassed, Colette snatches the card from Maureen Hannah is more focused on the gift. Doesn't really hear. HANNAH
37) 0) text: Rows of EYE GLASSES on display as Alan guides Hannah over the fitting table. Henry tags along.
37) 2) dialog: No problemo. Let's get you some new eye wear.
37) 6) dialog: How about... Hannah shrugs her blase reaction.
37) 8) dialog: Excuse me.   One sec. He reaches inside his coat pocket for his RECORDER. Speak into it. ALAN (CONT'D)
37) 10) text: Of course he would. Henry nods, agreeing. Satisfied, Alan puts the recorder away and reaches for another pair of glasses. ALAN
37) 11) text: You know this great idea for a novel hit me this morning. It's called Unleashed. Alan tries the second pair on Hannah. She checks herself the mirror. Then she shows Henry. They both shake their h No. It is a funny moment between friends. They laugh as A reaches for pair #3. ALAN (CONT'D)
37) 13) text: Could be a winner. Alan puts the third pair of glasses on Hannah. She checks herself in the mirror, finally liking what she sees. She looks over towards Henry. HANNAH (CONT'D)
37) 17) dialog: Question: You think your agent might be interested in this idea? Does he have a dog?
37) 20) dialog: How about a cat? It could be a cat.
37) 22) dialog: Think about mentioning it to your agent, OK? Unleashed. Dog -- or cat -- becomes human. Alan beams with pride at his imagination on display. Hann fidgets. Avoids Alan. Henry jumps in to save the moment.
42) 0) text: Colette sits. Focused on the WHITE ENVELOPE in one hand. Alan sits next to her, squeezing her other hand. Photo of Oprah on the other side.
42) 2) dialog: I bet it's good news. She opens the envelope. Peeks inside. No letter. Just the SMALLEST POST-IT NOTE flutters out on to the ground. Cole picks it up.
45) 0) text: Henry's turn to host the group meeting. Alan, William, Colette, and John share the lumpy couch and the folding m chairs. Open PIZZA STARZ BOXES in the background. Everyone is enjoying a single slice of pizza off a paper plate--except for John, who is inhaling two pieces at onc The mood is somber. Quiet.
45) 5) text: Way to go, Ms. Published Author! Everyone gets a hug from Hannah. William gives Hannah an extra long hug. ALAN
45) 11) text: So how much did you get? ALAN
45) 18) dialog: U.R. the Publisher?
45) 23) dialog: My, two published authors in the group. The rest of us are going to have to catch up.
46) 0) text: The meeting gets down to business. Alan, Colette, Henry, William and Hannah, wearing her new glasses, listen as Jo reads from Roaring Lion.
46) 9) text: Oh, screw you. ALAN
46) 17) dialog: Let's take a fifteen minute break, shall we? Embarrassed, Hannah excuses herself. Henry trails along a her, leaving a muttering John and calm Alan alone. Alan reaches for his recorder. Talks into it.
46) 18) dialog: Ahhh, idea for Michael Crichton-type novel. Members of Antarctic research station attacked by mutant penguins. Satisfied, Alan turns off the recorder while John reaches for more pizza.
49) 9) dialog: There's been one rule in this house. Whatever Colette wants, Colette gets.
49) 11) dialog: She wants a Mercedes? No problem. Credit cards? How many? Her own business? Done. An agent? Colette eats it up.
49) 12) dialog: Call it karma or serendipity or kismet. Whatever. But it just so happens that very well-known literary agent David Keller--
49) 16) dialog: Exactly. Well, guess who is coming in tomorrow to see Dr. Alan Mooney for an eye examination and new glasses? Colette starts squealing in anticipation. Alan nods with confidence and flashes a "thumbs up."
49) 18) dialog: Love you more, Poodles.
50) 0) text: The casually dressed MAN (40's) sits in the waiting area Alan Mooney, spending time on his iPhone, conducting busi as he waits.
50) 2) dialog: Dr. Alan Mooney. David, caught off guard by the doctor's sudden appearance winds up his phone conversation.
50) 6) dialog: I know. Big fan. Big fan. David can't help but notice the camera.
50) 7) dialog: Oh, that. They're doing a little documentary about my writing group.
50) 10) dialog: Just act natural. Lowering his voice.
50) 11) dialog: It was supposed to be a reality series.
51) 0) text: Standard examination room. Alan guides David into the cha
51) 1) dialog: Great. Let's start out with a basic eye examination. Alan flips a couple SWITCHES. Eye reading CHART appears o the wall. Alan turns off the lights.
51) 2) dialog: OK, David. See if you can read that first line for me, please.
51) 5) dialog: Very good, David. Would you like to try for what's behind Door Number Three? Try this one, please. Alan brings up a different line on the screen.
51) 8) dialog: 20/25. Looking good, David. But anyone can identify simple letters and numbers. Let's see how you do reading a more challenging text. Alan brings up a different page. Several paragraphs on a printed page.
51) 9) dialog: See that?
51) 13) text: (Reading; monotone) Natasha, the Russian peasant, dressed oh-so-slowly, consumed totally, completely, absolutely, by endless thoughts of Yuri. ALAN
51) 15) text: (Reading; monotone) "I never, ever thought I could feel this way," Natasha said excitedly. "Nor could I," Yuri said happily, his body dripping with enormous beads of sweat. ALAN
51) 16) text: Man. Wow. Gee. Isn't that great writing? My wife Colette wrote that. The patients just love reading her stuff. It's from her new novel, Nyet, Not Yet. A loud KNOCK on the examination room door. David is saved the bell. ALAN (CONT'D)
51) 22) dialog: Oh, where are my manners? Colette, this is David Keller. David, this is my wife, Colette Mooney. The writer.
51) 25) dialog: Actually, Colette wrote this beautiful prose you've been reading, David. Honey, I can't believe this coincidence.
51) 27) dialog: (Overlapping)
51) 30) dialog: Say, how about that? Colette hands the manila folder to David, who accepts it reluctantly. He's been had.
52) 0) text: Colette sits in the chair, Alan stands behind her, massag her shoulders. Both share that smirk of satisfaction.
52) 2) dialog: Oh, yes, Poodles.    Very.
52) 5) dialog: The sooner he can begin reading. Colette buys that.    Of course.
52) 7) dialog: I bet he calls tonight. Alan's left hand starts to slide down towards Colette's c She doesn't notice--her mind is elsewhere.
53) 3) dialog: (Overlapping Colette)
60) 1) dialog: Alright.   Whose turn is it to read? Henry? All eyes on Henry. He shifts uncomfortably in his chair.
60) 7) text: Writer's block can be very serious, John. John scoffs in disbelief. Maureen offers William some veg He helps himself and checks out Maureen as she moves on t Alan. WILLIAM
60) 10) dialog: Changing?   How so? HENRY
60) 17) text: Is this Scott wanting to go beyond the friendship? There's no way Christy would suggest it. What do you think, Hannah? ALAN
65) 0) text: Full meeting of the writing group, all crammed around the dining table. Henry and Hannah sit apart. A single BOWL OF PRETZELS has been placed before them. Ha reads from her typed pages. Alan, William, Colette, and H hang on her every word. John is half-listening at best, more interested in the MAGAZINE he's thumbing through. William REACHES UNDER THE TABLE and gently squeezes Colet hand. Surprised, she pulls her hand away.
65) 2) text: "Please come home, Michael." "Why would you want to marry me, Kyra? I barely graduated high school." "Michael, I don't care about some silly college degree. You're the most intelligent person I've ever known. You are my shining star." Then Colette puts it back and squeezes William's hand. It his turn to be surprised. Hannah slides off her new reading glasses, waiting for so to react. The room falls silent. Alan steps in.
65) 3) dialog: OK.   Comments. Anyone? No response. Group members look at the pages.      At eac No one steps forward.
65) 8) text: But my editor wants rewrites.      Am I on track? Colette punts.   Alan jumps in to save his wife. ALAN
65) 10) text: You got the deal. You got the check. First one to be published. John CLEARS HIS THROAT rather loudly: What about me, butt William ignores him. ALAN
65) 11) text: I think what I'm hearing from the group is...is...you're fine. We all love it. Nothing here to critique. You don't need us--well, it's not that you don't need us, but, you know... Alan's voice trails off before he can dig himself any dee More silence as Hannah wrestles with this unexpected reac Finally looks to Henry for help. HANNAH
66) 0) text: Alan arrives home. Steps out of his Lexus. Whistling. Hap go-lucky. Pauses in the driveway to record another idea.
66) 1) dialog: Idea for novel. Perhaps screenplay. The Amazing Doctor Eckleburg. An eye doctor turned crime fighter. Ladies man.
67) 0) text: Alan sails through the front door. His smile disappears. William is plopped on the living room couch. Shirt half unbuttoned. Smoking. He freezes mid-puff.
67) 1) dialog: William?
68) 0) text: Alan steps outside. Somber. Focused. Acts like the Terminator in his scanning of the area. Man on a mission. What is he looking for? He finds it almost immediately, zeroing in on Colette's bench. Alan marches over and grab Colette's prized framed photo of Oprah. Clutching it in h hand, Alan looks at Oprah's smiling face, then back towar the house. Then he takes the frame and smashes it down on the ground as hard as he can. Next he jumps up and down o the smashed frame multiple times. Not satisfied, Alan ben down, picks up the photo and rips it to shreds with his h There. That felt good. Pool Guy and Gardener have witnessed the whole scene. the hell? They exchange puzzled looks.
78) 2) dialog: Author!    Author! John stands up.    Clearly touched.
78) 12) dialog: Maybe he's still at our house.
78) 14) dialog: Maybe you should. What's that about? Henry studies John's book.       Flips back cover. Surprised.
80) 0) text: Alan sits at the writers' table. Alone. Talks to the came in whispered tones.
80) 1) dialog: I've made an important decision as group leader. I've decided to ask William to leave the group. Now it has absolutely nothing to do with that incident at our house. It has nothing to do with the fact that I'm now sleeping in the guest room. But let's face it--the kid's a slacker. No contribution to the group. Zero. Zip. Nada. I'm sure he'll be fine with it.
81) 0) text: William kicks his CHAIR over. Alan, Colette, John, Henry Hannah sit calmly around the table. Henry and Hannah apar
81) 1) dialog: There's no need to get so upset.
81) 6) dialog: Just ignore him. William continues on his rant with Colette.
81) 21) dialog: Not the sign! Too late. William RIPS it in two. And a second time for good measure. Throwing the pieces on the ground. Stomps o of the house, slamming the front door. The group turns quiet for a long beat. Everyone calming d Alan takes control again -- eyes still darting over to wh left of his beloved sign.
81) 22) dialog: Let's move on. Next item. Richard Benedict is going to be doing a signing at Wordsmith next week. Alan looks directly at Henry.
81) 23) dialog: Who wants to go?
82) 0) text: Large bookstore. Long line. Why? Because Richard Benedict is in the building, doing a signing of his new novel The Pineapple Man. Hannah, Henry, Alan, and Colette stand in line together, waiting. Colette is holding one copy of the BOOK. Hannah has one. Henry has one. Alan reaches inside his coat pocket for his RECORDER. Sna it on.
82) 1) dialog: Idea for novel. Jealous husband murders his tramp-of-a-wife and buries her chopped-up body in the back yard. Colette pretends not to hear. Line inches forward. Alan c his neck to see what's happening.
84) 2) dialog: He's older than I thought.
84) 10) text: Sir? No response.   Alan nudges Henry. No good.
84) 12) text: Sir? We need to keep the line moving. Sir? Alan intervenes. He takes Henry's copy of the novel and s it over to Benedict. Benedict scribbles his name quickly slides it back with no eye contact, yelling on the phone. RICHARD
84) 13) text: (On phone) Absolutely not! I'll sue that bastard first... Alan grabs the book and gives it back to Henry, nudging h again. ALAN
84) 14) text: We need to move, Henry. Alan and Colette slide their book over to Richard. COLETTE
84) 15) text: Hi there. Richard looks up at her for a split second and decides to ignore her. Another scribbled signature as he remains on the phone. Colette takes the book, trying not to look hurt. Alan gra Henry and they leave the area. Hannah is next up. She put her book down on the table. RICHARD
85) 0) text: Outside bookstore. After the signing. Alan and Colette wa ahead. Henry and Hannah follow. Colette, Henry and Hannah each carry book bags.
85) 4) dialog: (Over his shoulder)
85) 10) dialog: You gave him your phone number.
85) 17) text: This isn't a good time. Call me later. Yes. I'll think about it. Yes. Bye. Hannah turns off her phone. Alan, Colette, Henry stand th gaping jaws wide open. ALAN
85) 21) text: First, you get an agent. Then you sell your book. Then the big movie deal. ALAN
85) 28) dialog: Hannah has earned her success.
85) 30) dialog: Hannah is a writer. She devotes herself one hundred percent to writing. Not one hundred percent to sleeping with writers. Henry steps in.    Finally.
85) 34) dialog: C'mon.    Let's go. Colette marches off in a huff; Alan in pursuit. She looks over her shoulder, shouting back at Hannah.
101) 0) text: Meeting of the writing group. Not yet started. John, Alan and Hannah sit around the table. No refreshments being served. No small talk. Everyone is quiet. Hannah looks fantastic. More makeup. Nicer clothes. Fidge in her chair. Seems anxious. Stares at her new KINDLE. FRONT DOOR opens and closes. FOOTSTEPS approaching. It's Henry. Looks determined. Man on a mission. Carries a satc
101) 5) text: Way to go, Henry. Even Hannah looks surprised. She and Alan thumb through t copies. John sniffs at the front page. Henry slides in ac from Hannah. Looks satisfied. FRONT DOOR opens again. MOR FOOTSTEPS. Colette arrives with Dr. Xiroman in tow. Xirom The others exchange puzzled glances.
101) 7) text: I've invited Doctor Xiroman to join our writing group. ALAN
101) 11) text: Why not? With William gone, we have an opening. ALAN
101) 16) text: --Oh, please. Alan. ALAN
101) 19) dialog: He is not.
101) 21) dialog: Is not.
101) 23) dialog: Is n-- Hannah can't take it any longer. She throws up her hands. HANNAH
101) 31) dialog: Stop it... COLETTE
101) 35) text: Damn straight. Tijuana. (Beat) I'm done with you pussies. John snatches up his folder and marches out of the house. Silence. Colette starts to sit down at the table--motions for Xiroman to join her. Final straw for Alan. Stares directly at Colette.
101) 36) dialog: Get out.    Now. Colette can't believe what she's hearing. ALAN (CONT'D)
101) 38) text: You can't kick me out.    I live here. She's right.    Alan considers his options.
101) 40) dialog: Fine.   Then go to your room. Points to Xiroman. ALAN (CONT'D)
101) 41) text: And take him with you. Won't be the first guy. Alan means business.   Colette stands up straight.   Gath up her materials. COLETTE
101) 42) text: We'll certainly have plenty to discuss in therapy. ALAN
101) 44) text: Oh. Just like always--Alan finishes first. She grabs Dr. Xiroman's arm. COLETTE (CONT'D)
101) 45) text: Come, Dr. Xiroman. I'm looking forward to working with a real doctor. On our new book. Colette and Dr. Xiroman disappear. Frustrated, Alan takes deep breath. Reaches inside his coat pocket for his recor Turns it on. ALAN
101) 46) text: Idea for novel. Alan hesitates. Thinks for a second. Turns off the record Slides it across the table to Henry. ALAN (CONT'D)
101) 47) text: Here. Take it. Maybe you can use some of my ideas in your novel. Alan flashes a "thumbs up" sign to Henry and to Hannah. starts to leave, but remembers the camera. ALAN (CONT'D)
101) 48) text: (To camera) This was supposed to be a reality series. That's off his chest. Alan leaves Henry and Hannah alone the table. Awkward silence.
111) 1) dialog: After I sent Colette packing, I was ready for a new chapter in my life... SATURDAY'S ADULT EDUCATION CLASSES. PUPPET MAKING meets in Room 22, and QUILTING is in Room 2 WRITING 20/20 is in Room 26. And DOG OBEDIENCE is out in the courtyard, but we already know that--the loud sound of BARKING DOGS and PEOPLE YELL "SIT" is heard in the background. Second poster is a new version of QUIET, PLEASE--WRITERS WORK.
111) 2) dialog: I found it teaching Adult Ed. "Writing 20/20" is the class. Helping writers to see. Inspired by my new self- published e-book of the same title.
112) 0) text: STUDENTS scattered around the classroom. All adult. Ethni and demographic mix. Listening attentively. Taking notes. The DOGS continue barking outside. Alan stands in front of the class. Beaming. Excited, He C his hands once.
112) 1) dialog: OK. You've got ten seconds. Write down the name of your character. First name that pops into mind. C'mon. Tell me your character. Students think for a second. Start scribbling a name.
112) 2) dialog: 1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9-9.5-9.75-10 seconds. OK. Pass your names up front here. Let's see what you came up with. Students hand their papers forward. Alan starts collectin them.
112) 3) dialog: The right name is so important for your character. OK. What do we have?
112) 5) dialog: Here's one I haven't heard. Heywood Ja-Jabloom??? That's not it.   Alan tries again.
112) 6) dialog: Or is it Jablom? Maybe Jablowme. Heywood Jablowme? Laughter and guffaws from the students.    Alan looks puz
112) 7) dialog: What's so funny? Heywood Jablowme? Am I missing something? Heywood Jablowme? The students continue to laugh. Poor Alan.