4) 0) text: The man (40's) and woman (30's) sit on the couch in their tastefully-decorated San Fernando Valley home. Expensive taste in clothes. Her cleavage a bit too obvious. Both seem a little uncomfortable. Uncertain. CAPTION: DR. ALAN &amp; COLETTE MOONEY They look off to the side, speaking to someone off-camera
4) 2) dialog: You know, like the Kardashians. They listen.    Here comes the bad news.
4) 4) dialog: The whole group. Not just us, right? Not that it should be just about us... Nervous laugh.
4) 6) dialog: So this is going to be like--like what I saw the other night on cable? About bees mating.
4) 10) dialog: --Powerful.
4) 12) dialog: We love documentaries.
4) 14) dialog: Natasha, the Russian peasant, dressed oh-so-slowly...
5) 1) dialog: (Reading)
5) 2) text: ...consumed totally, completely, absolutely, by endless thoughts of Yuri fondling her breast, his other hand groping her womanhood, knowing... They sit around the dining room table. Colette, convinced she's the next Amy Tan, reads aloud from her TYPED PAGES. The others all have copies in front of them. We recognize Henry, the frog waiting to become a prince, making copiou notes and Alan, oh-so-proud, hanging on every word. Beami Three others round out the group: Younger MAN (early 30s). Unshaven. Always thinks he's the coolest guy in any room. Can't avoid glances at the camer
5) 7) dialog: ...Any second that she might explode, her chastity spraying across the ceiling...Spraying across the ceiling like passionate graffiti. Natasha never thought such a moment possible. "Have I satisfied you, Natasha?" Yuri had inquired after their fourth round of vodka-soaked lovemaking. "Nyet, Not yet," Natasha stated, exhausted, but grateful. Awkward silence around the table as Colette removes her reading glasses and waits. Alan clears his throat, lookin cheerful.
10) 0) text: Henry, John, Alan, Colette, Hannah, and William sit aroun the table. Impressive buffet of cold cuts, cheeses, and shrimp has been set out.
10) 4) dialog: You do?
10) 8) text: I was bothered by that, too. Why would Natasha betray a reliable, dependable husband for a washed-up young punk? All eyes on Colette.    She shifts in her chair.   Uncomf
10) 9) dialog: Oh.   Well...um...um... An uneasy silence. Colette is blocked--nowhere to go creatively. Her face tightens up. Bites her lip. COLETTE (CONT'D)
11) 0) text: Later that evening.    Meeting is over. Alan, Colette, Hannah, Henry, William, and John are all standing up now. William stretches. John reaches for more shrimp. Friendly banter. Laughter.
11) 1) dialog: Who wants coffee? Everybody does.    William taps Henry on the shoulder.
21) 0) text: Alan and Colette remain on the couch. Talking to the came All smiles. Much more comfortable with the camera.
21) 2) dialog: And I write full-time.
21) 6) dialog: Alan likes to tease. She gives her husband an affectionate squeeze.
22) 0) text: Colette opens the sliding glass door and steps out into a beautiful garden area. Quiet and private. Camera follows her over to a solitary BENCH.
22) 2) dialog: This is where I come for inspiration. I believe a writer must have quiet and solitude. I'll meditate. Write in my journal. Set out my creative path for the day. This is my Walden Pond. Colette sits down on the bench. Takes in the environment.
22) 3) dialog: Favorite author? I'd have to say Joan Didion. Her writing sends shivers down my spine. Though Joyce Carol Oates has been known to bring me to actual orgasm.
23) 0) text: Colette sits on her bench, reading a BOOK. C.U. reveals that it is a novel by Joyce Carol Oates. Colette appears be getting into the story just a bit too much.
24) 0) text: POOL GUY and GARDENER hear Colette's sensual cries drifti over the hedge. What the hell? They exchange puzzled look
25) 1) dialog: Oh, this? I keep Oprah out here for luck. She's done so much to help writers. I know I'm going to be on her television show one day. I just know it. Colette can already see the moment in her mind. Short bea Then she looks off-camera--listening to someone.
25) 2) dialog: What? Oprah doesn't have a TV show anymore? Really? Since when? Short beat as she hears the answer.
25) 3) dialog: Oh... Short beat as she tries to cover.
25) 5) dialog: I knew that. I did. I-I knew.
28) 0) text: Place is empty. Alan, Colette, William, John, and Henry gather around the center table. The WRITERS AT WORK poster is propped up against a nearby empty chair. Hard not to notice the EMPTY CHAIR at the ta Hannah is missing. Waitress #1 pours coffee all around. Henry fidgets in his chair, focused on the empty chair.
28) 10) dialog: William, aren't these the same pages you read last time?
28) 15) dialog: That's it?
29) 6) text: You oversleep? COLETTE
29) 17) dialog: That's so great, Hannah.
30) 0) text: Colette, Alan, John, William and Henry encircle a beaming Hannah as Waitress #1 snaps their PHOTO.
31) 0) text: Alan pops the drugstore CHAMPAGNE and pours into the chea plastic cups, as Colette passes them around to Hannah, He John, and William.
32) 2) dialog: Yes, yes.   Way to go, Hannah!
32) 5) text: Thank you! 'Night. Alan and Colette continue to smile and wave until Hannah out of ear shot.
32) 7) dialog: She must have slept with him.
35) 0) text: Colette dressed in a leotard, practices basic yoga on a m in her living room. Chanting. Overly dramatic, as always. Takes a break and talks to the camera.
35) 1) dialog: My novel is called Nyet, Not Yet. It's about a Russian woman who comes to this country in search of love. It was inspired by a story I heard from one of my massage clients, Yuri. Yes, it's true--I used to do massage. In fact, that's how I met Alan, though I certainly didn't give him the kind of massage he really wanted. At least not the first time. Colette allows herself a slight smile at the memory.
35) 2) dialog: I will get an agent. It comes down to this: if Hannah can get an agent, I can get an agent. After all, I am a graduate of Mills College.
36) 4) text: Certain things I've learned to avoid. Black cats. Cracked mirrors. Oh. And the number 13 especially. I hate the number 13. Hate it. Conversation interrupted by RINGING DOORBELL. Hannah frow at the interruption as Maureen scurries to the door and o it, revealing Colette hiding behind a HUGE GIFT BASKET. S breezes in. Takes over. Over the top. COLETTE
36) 5) text: Hi...Hi...Hello everyone. I was just in the neighborhood and-- Colette freezes when she notices the camera. COLETTE (CONT'D)
36) 6) text: Oh, Hannah. I'm so sorry. I didn't know they'd be here-- Yeah, right. Hannah springs up. Follows Colette as she se the basket down for all to admire.
36) 8) text: My, what's this? COLETTE
36) 11) text: (Reading) "For Poodles...Now may we have sex again? Love, Alan." What? Embarrassed, Colette snatches the card from Maureen Hannah is more focused on the gift. Doesn't really hear. HANNAH
36) 12) text: So sweet of you, Colette.
36) 13) dialog: My pleasure.     Say, Hannah...about your agent? Hannah looks over at Colette: What? COLETTE (CONT'D)
36) 20) text: Oh. Of course. Of course. Absolutely. Long beat. Conversation over. The three women wait for on another to speak. Colette checks her watch.
36) 21) dialog: Well... A hug for both Maureen and Hannah.
36) 23) dialog: I've got to go. Talk soon. By the way, everything in the basket--gluten free! A final wave to the camera and Colette disappears.
36) 26) text: Colette Mooney. C-o-l-e-t-t-e M-o-o- n-e... She can't finish the count. The ugly truth is staring her the face.
42) 0) text: Colette sits. Focused on the WHITE ENVELOPE in one hand. Alan sits next to her, squeezing her other hand. Photo of Oprah on the other side.
42) 1) dialog: I know this is a rejection letter. I can't open this. I can't be rejected today. I take rejection so personally.
42) 3) dialog: "Sorry. Not interested." I knew it. How can such a big rejection come from such a small piece of paper?
45) 0) text: Henry's turn to host the group meeting. Alan, William, Colette, and John share the lumpy couch and the folding m chairs. Open PIZZA STARZ BOXES in the background. Everyone is enjoying a single slice of pizza off a paper plate--except for John, who is inhaling two pieces at onc The mood is somber. Quiet.
45) 7) dialog: No.   Seriously. We're all jealous. Nervous laughter around the room. HANNAH
46) 0) text: The meeting gets down to business. Alan, Colette, Henry, William and Hannah, wearing her new glasses, listen as Jo reads from Roaring Lion.
46) 14) text: (Standing up) Going outside for a smoke. William thunders away from the group. Colette watches him go. COLETTE
46) 15) text: I'll go talk to him. Colette follows, calling after William.
47) 0) text: Colette is back on her bench. Standing behind her is a mysterious MAN (Over 40) who favors black clothes and dar shades.
47) 2) dialog: I want you to meet someone special. This is my spiritual adviser. Doctor Xiroman has taken a vow of silence for one full year to protest climate change. What an amazing man. Dr. Xiroman is going to cleanse the air of all this rejection. Camera goes to Dr. Xiroman. Somber, expressionless. Does even have a pulse? Dr. Xiroman walks over to small fire pit and meditates as places his hands over the rising flames. Colette begins a New Age chant for added support.
49) 10) dialog: Thank you, Alan. They look at each other adoringly.   Real or fake?
49) 13) dialog: (Interrupting)
49) 17) dialog: I love you, Poodles.
51) 16) text: Man. Wow. Gee. Isn't that great writing? My wife Colette wrote that. The patients just love reading her stuff. It's from her new novel, Nyet, Not Yet. A loud KNOCK on the examination room door. David is saved the bell. ALAN (CONT'D)
51) 17) text: My, I wonder who that could be. He walks over to the door, opens it and feigns surprise t see Colette. She moves right in.
51) 18) dialog: Hi, honey.   So sorry to intrude. ALAN
51) 19) text: Colette? Gee, this is an incredible coincidence. We were just talking about you. And here you are! Colette is locked like a laser beam on David Keller. COLETTE
51) 24) dialog: Pleasure to meet you, David.
51) 26) dialog: Well, I was just dropping off--
51) 28) text: Oh, of course. Thanks for bringing it by. Say, honey, David's been reading that first page of yours. You don't happen to have any more of that opening chapter, do you? Colette thinks for a second.
51) 29) dialog: As a matter of fact, I think I do. I think I do. Colette searches her large PURSE and produces a manila fo
52) 0) text: Colette sits in the chair, Alan stands behind her, massag her shoulders. Both share that smirk of satisfaction.
52) 1) dialog: That went very well.
52) 4) dialog: Though David Keller did seem in a hurry to leave.
52) 6) dialog: I bet he calls tomorrow with an offer.
53) 0) text: DAVID takes Colette's pages and tosses them in city TRASH CAN, muttering to himself as he walks away.
53) 1) dialog: (Overlapping Alan)
60) 0) text: The writing group meets. Hannah, Henry, John, William, Al and Colette sit around the living room, pages in front of them. WRITERS AT WORK sign on display. Maureen, trying not to be in the way, goes from writer to writer, carrying a large TRAY OF VEGGIES.
60) 3) text: Oh. Um. Someone else go. I don't have anything new ready tonight. Concerned looks all around. COLETTE
60) 11) text: Lately I'm feeling something much deeper, much richer. Scott and Christy, um, growing closer. The other group members appear puzzled. COLETTE
60) 16) text: They're friends. Why muck it up? Don't put 'em in the same foxhole. COLETTE
61) 8) dialog: How much do you need? William looks surprised.
65) 0) text: Full meeting of the writing group, all crammed around the dining table. Henry and Hannah sit apart. A single BOWL OF PRETZELS has been placed before them. Ha reads from her typed pages. Alan, William, Colette, and H hang on her every word. John is half-listening at best, more interested in the MAGAZINE he's thumbing through. William REACHES UNDER THE TABLE and gently squeezes Colet hand. Surprised, she pulls her hand away.
65) 2) text: "Please come home, Michael." "Why would you want to marry me, Kyra? I barely graduated high school." "Michael, I don't care about some silly college degree. You're the most intelligent person I've ever known. You are my shining star." Then Colette puts it back and squeezes William's hand. It his turn to be surprised. Hannah slides off her new reading glasses, waiting for so to react. The room falls silent. Alan steps in.
65) 8) text: But my editor wants rewrites.      Am I on track? Colette punts.   Alan jumps in to save his wife. ALAN
68) 0) text: Alan steps outside. Somber. Focused. Acts like the Terminator in his scanning of the area. Man on a mission. What is he looking for? He finds it almost immediately, zeroing in on Colette's bench. Alan marches over and grab Colette's prized framed photo of Oprah. Clutching it in h hand, Alan looks at Oprah's smiling face, then back towar the house. Then he takes the frame and smashes it down on the ground as hard as he can. Next he jumps up and down o the smashed frame multiple times. Not satisfied, Alan ben down, picks up the photo and rips it to shreds with his h There. That felt good. Pool Guy and Gardener have witnessed the whole scene. the hell? They exchange puzzled looks.
72) 0) text: Colette sits on her private bench. Note the NEW PHOTO OF OPRAH in a new frame. Colette talks to the camera.
72) 1) dialog: Yes. You noticed. I replaced the photo. I may be replacing other things around here soon...I was just using William...for research. She holds up THREE MORE LETTERS.
72) 2) dialog: Speaking of rejection...three more letters saying Nyet, including one from David Keller. I should have offered him a massage. How much more rejection can I take? Colette stares at the letters, focusing on remaining stro
72) 3) dialog: (Reciting)
72) 5) dialog: --Rejection to beat us down-- Colette's frustration is boiling into anger as she strugg to keep it under control.
72) 6) dialog: --It will only strengthen our resolve. To be successful there is no other way." Mr. Henry D. Thoreau. Short beat.
72) 7) dialog: Rejection sucks.
73) 0) text: Smoke rises from the fire pit, burning what's left of the letters. Colette sits cross-legged, devoting her full ene to chanting and beating her hands on a small DRUM. It isn't enough today. Watch as Colette's solemn chant dissolves into tears of frustration.
78) 6) dialog: Smile, John! John half-smiles in response. Henry reaches over and shak his hand.
78) 13) dialog: Maybe he is.     Maybe I should go see.
81) 0) text: William kicks his CHAIR over. Alan, Colette, John, Henry Hannah sit calmly around the table. Henry and Hannah apar
81) 9) dialog: I know that. William turns his attention to Henry.
82) 0) text: Large bookstore. Long line. Why? Because Richard Benedict is in the building, doing a signing of his new novel The Pineapple Man. Hannah, Henry, Alan, and Colette stand in line together, waiting. Colette is holding one copy of the BOOK. Hannah has one. Henry has one. Alan reaches inside his coat pocket for his RECORDER. Sna it on.
82) 3) text: Mr. Benedict, I just want to thank you. No. You've inspired my writing-- No. Hi. I'm Henry. I just think you're the greatest... Colette puts a friendly hand on Henry's shoulder.
82) 4) dialog: Let me tell you something, Henry.
82) 6) dialog: One day, I'll have a signing like this. Colette looks around, already imagining the event.
84) 14) text: We need to move, Henry. Alan and Colette slide their book over to Richard. COLETTE
84) 15) text: Hi there. Richard looks up at her for a split second and decides to ignore her. Another scribbled signature as he remains on the phone. Colette takes the book, trying not to look hurt. Alan gra Henry and they leave the area. Hannah is next up. She put her book down on the table. RICHARD
85) 0) text: Outside bookstore. After the signing. Alan and Colette wa ahead. Henry and Hannah follow. Colette, Henry and Hannah each carry book bags.
85) 17) text: This isn't a good time. Call me later. Yes. I'll think about it. Yes. Bye. Hannah turns off her phone. Alan, Colette, Henry stand th gaping jaws wide open. ALAN
85) 18) text: Amazing. COLETTE
85) 20) text: What? COLETTE
85) 22) text: Please don't. COLETTE
85) 24) text: I don't like what you're suggesting, Colette. You know how hard I work. How devoted I am. And I have been totally supportive of your writing. I've encouraged you all along.
85) 26) dialog: You wouldn't introduce me to your agent.
85) 29) dialog: Butt out Mr. Idea Man.
85) 32) dialog: It's not fair that she be the only one.
85) 35) dialog: 
87) 0) text: Colette looks frazzled. Pondering. Plotting. She finally notices the camera.
87) 2) dialog: I know. I'm a shit for exploding at Hannah, aren't I? Runs her hands through her hair.
87) 3) dialog: Poor, sweet, superstitious, everybody- loves-Hannah. Starts massaging forehead--trying to reduce stress.
87) 4) dialog: If she can succeed, so can I. "We were born to succeed, not to fail." Hears a question O.S.
87) 5) dialog: Who said that? I don't know. Somebody famous. Somebody with an agent. Now come the deep breaths.      More stress control.
87) 6) dialog: I can't accomplish anything without an agent. They won't come to me. Fine. I'll go to them. I'll make it happen.
91) 0) text: The small reception area for The Lois Piper Agency. Taste decorated. PHONES constantly chirping. The young MALE ASSISTANT behind the counter, obviously pa to be patient, points to the framed sign on the counter, large letters: NO UNSOLICITED MANUSCRIPTS WILL BE ACCEPTE Colette and Dr. Xiroman will not be deterred. She holds a thick MANILA ENVELOPE.
91) 1) dialog: I have to see Ms. Piper. We just need five minutes. 1-2-3-4-5 minutes of her time. The assistant points back to the sign.
91) 2) dialog: Can you just please stick your head in her office, tell her that Colette Mooney is here. I know she's busy, but she'll certainly want to see my manuscript. The assistant ignores her.
91) 3) dialog: (Flustered)
91) 9) dialog: Ms. Piper?   Ms. Piper? Lois turns her attention to Colette. Who are you? Then-- magically--Lois changes. A big smile replaces the scowl. She marches towards Colette, who is clearly not expecting warm reception. Lois walks right past Colette and instead warmly shakes h with Dr. Xiroman.
92) 0) text: Lois plops down behind her desk. Stacks of MANUSCRIPTS co her desk. Dr. Xiroman sits quietly in one chair. Colette sits next to him.
92) 9) text: Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. A positive message to share. Helping people. That's it! COLETTE
92) 12) dialog: But--
92) 15) dialog: But-- Dr. Xiroman has no reaction. Colette can't believe what s is hearing.
92) 17) dialog: But--
92) 19) dialog: But--But.   What about me? Lois shoots her a look: What about you? Colette backs dow not wanting to spoil the moment. Lois yells for her assis Finally a slight smile crosses Dr. Xiroman's face.
93) 0) text: Dr. Xiroman beams as he signs the standard agency contrac so quickly drawn up for him. Lois and her Assistant appea equally excited. COLETTE fidgets off to the side. Then Lois hands her the and points her towards the contract.
93) 1) dialog: Co-Authors. Actually I'll be listed as junior author. It's not exactly what I wanted, but at least now I finally have an agent. And a book deal.
94) 0) text: Lois and the Assistant wave goodbye as Colette and Dr. Xiroman leave.
94) 1) dialog: My novel will have to wait a while longer. Nyet, Colette. Not Yet. But soon.
101) 5) text: Way to go, Henry. Even Hannah looks surprised. She and Alan thumb through t copies. John sniffs at the front page. Henry slides in ac from Hannah. Looks satisfied. FRONT DOOR opens again. MOR FOOTSTEPS. Colette arrives with Dr. Xiroman in tow. Xirom The others exchange puzzled glances.
101) 8) text: You must be joking, Colette. COLETTE
101) 9) text: I am not joking. And, as a matter of fact, I'll have all of you know that the doctor and I are soon to be published authors. We've signed with The Lois Piper Agency. Colette stands there, waiting for the applause and congratulations, but all she receives is stunned silence. HENRY
101) 10) text: You can't do this. COLETTE
101) 12) text: Henry's right. We all have to agree on new members. COLETTE
101) 15) text: I am the leader of the group-- COLETTE
101) 17) text: (Voice rising) I am the leader of the group. COLETTE
101) 20) dialog: He is.
101) 22) dialog: Is.
101) 28) text: Anyway, I'm quitting. There. She said it. Hannah looks so relieved. She's done. Indignant, Colette stares her up and down.
101) 35) text: Damn straight. Tijuana. (Beat) I'm done with you pussies. John snatches up his folder and marches out of the house. Silence. Colette starts to sit down at the table--motions for Xiroman to join her. Final straw for Alan. Stares directly at Colette.
101) 37) text: As the leader of this writing group, I've determined your actions are contrary to our stated purpose. Get out. COLETTE
101) 41) text: And take him with you. Won't be the first guy. Alan means business.   Colette stands up straight.   Gath up her materials. COLETTE
101) 43) text: Go by yourself. I'm done. COLETTE
101) 44) text: Oh. Just like always--Alan finishes first. She grabs Dr. Xiroman's arm. COLETTE (CONT'D)
101) 45) text: Come, Dr. Xiroman. I'm looking forward to working with a real doctor. On our new book. Colette and Dr. Xiroman disappear. Frustrated, Alan takes deep breath. Reaches inside his coat pocket for his recor Turns it on. ALAN
114) 0) text: Colette engages in intense meditation on her bench. The g around her is now dead.
114) 1) dialog: Dr. Xiroman and I wrote our book. It actually did fairly well. INSERT BOOK. Title in large letters: Getting from Xiro to One by Dr. Xiroman in equally large letters. At the botto of the book, in very tiny letters, reads With Colette Moo
114) 2) dialog: Dr. Phil turned us down. But we had a lovely time on Anderson. INSERT PHOTO of smiling Anderson Cooper.
114) 3) dialog: Anderson actually wanted us back, but Dr. Xiroman and Lois Piper started dating. They eloped to Vegas last month. Off on a world cruise. INSERT PHOTO of Dr. Xiroman and Lois being married in Veg by ELVIS.
114) 5) dialog: So in less than a year, I've lost my husband, my co-author, and my agent. But I still have Nyet, Not Yet. And I will find an agent to sell my novel. Look. I bought an ad in the trades. Colette reaches for her reading glasses and shares the ad copy with us, reading aloud:
114) 6) dialog: "The magic fingers that just typed the publishing world's next best selling novel are now waiting to provide free massage to interested literary agents. Experienced. Sensitive. Discreet. Memorable. No Junior Agents, please." Looking quite pleased with herself, Colette lets the copy fall away.
114) 7) dialog: It's how I met my last husband. I think it can work again. No worries. After all, I am a graduate of -- Her iPhone starts playing music, signaling a phone call. Colette smiles in knowing satisfaction--publication is ju a touch away