48) 0) text: THREE YOUNG MEN in the corner booth. Jeans and baseball c Very animated conversation. Loud, punctuated by laughter. They think they're the only people in the joint. The WAIT EUDORA (20's)--with the purple streaks in her hair and matching purple glasses, refills their cups. William sits alone at the counter, impossible to hide his disdain. He talks to the camera with the three men in the background.
58) 0) text: Henry and Hannah at a table, sharing coffee. Eudora the waitress swings by with a refill, hair purple as ever. Ha thumbs through her copy of Gatsby, looking interested. An pleased. Eudora notices the book.
58) 1) dialog: Great book.    Classic. Henry nods in agreement.   Eudora moves on.
84) 18) text: Hello. Richard hangs up the phone. The two start chatting. Camera goes over to the shell-sho Henry, still clutching his book, watching as Hannah and Richard carry on. Henry is so disconcerted by what he see that he fails to notice Eudora, still with purple hair an matching glasses, the very next person in line behind Han waving at him.
107) 5) text: --happens next... It's her again. That young waitress with purple streaks i her hair and matching purple glasses thumbs through the b Henry finally checks out her name tag: Eudora. Clutching the book, Eudora recites from memory: EUDORA
107) 7) text: (Surprised) --Tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms further... Eudora nods. Henry is amazed. HENRY (CONT'D)
107) 8) text: You know Fitzgerald? EUDORA
107) 10) text: December 21, 1940. EUDORA
107) 12) text: The place on Hayworth. EUDORA
107) 14) text: No. No. Not at all. Eudora smiles, glad for the positive reinforcement.
107) 16) dialog: OK. Good. Because, you know, I don't want people to think I'm weird.
107) 18) dialog: Kinda, sort of. But I'm thinking of joining a writing group. Henry bites his tongue.   Eudora nods towards the camera.
107) 19) dialog: So what's this? Some kind of reality show, or something? Henry smiles. The two continue their idle chatter.
120) 0) text: We jump to the woman clutching FOUR COPIES of Henry's nov Wait a minute--we recognize those trendy glasses. It's Eu a rather pregnant Eudora.
120) 1) dialog: (Laughing)
120) 2) text: Yes, I'm totally busted. I'm buying four copies of A Slice of LA. One for each member of my writing group. Also because I think Henry Wayne Obert is the greatest new writer of the decade! Sexiest, too! Eudora is having way too much fun.
120) 3) dialog: OK. So he's my husband. I'm biased. But I still think the kid can write.
121) 0) text: Henry sits at the table in the bookstore, graciously and happily signing copies of his book for the SHORT LINE OF PEOPLE waiting. This is his moment, the one that brought him all the way from Illinois. He has arrived. As a person. As a writer. Henry looks up. Eudora is nestled comfortably in a nearby leather chair, reading away. She looks up. They make eye contact. Her smile is all the encouragement Henry needs. All that he will ever need. He reaches for the next book to sign.