10) 0) text: Henry, John, Alan, Colette, Hannah, and William sit aroun the table. Impressive buffet of cold cuts, cheeses, and shrimp has been set out.
10) 3) dialog: I really like the way Yuri is developing, Colette.
10) 16) dialog: Make it clear that Natasha wants to be closer... Colette makes notes furiously, nodding in agreement.
11) 0) text: Later that evening.    Meeting is over. Alan, Colette, Hannah, Henry, William, and John are all standing up now. William stretches. John reaches for more shrimp. Friendly banter. Laughter.
14) 0) text: FLASHBACK to the last group meeting. Focus on Hannah. Her smile. Her warmth. She listens and comments. Actively engaged in the conversation.
15) 0) text: Hannah reaches for a pair of READING GLASSES and slips th on. Talks to someone O.S.
15) 1) dialog: What do you think? On or off? Do they make me look smarter? I need a new pair. She takes the glasses off. Puts them back on. Off again. Debating. Hannah prepares herself with a series of quick breaths and waves her hands in the air. Then she stares directly into the camera.
15) 2) dialog: Hi. I'm originally from Prescott, Arizona. Followed my mom out here about four years ago. That's her back there. Camera picks up a wisp of a WOMAN (over 50)in the backgro waving, with an equally pleasant smile.
15) 4) dialog: My parents are divorced. Not her fault.
17) 0) text: Hannah continues talking to the camera.   Maureen still i background.
17) 1) dialog: I've always had this knack for telling stories. Ever since I was a kid.
17) 3) dialog: Moved here. Took a couple writing classes. Decided to go for it. 24/7. Total dedication to my craft. The writing always comes first. My latest effort is called Sleeping on the Moon. It's about rejection. And pain. Not really about the moon itself. More of a...
17) 6) dialog: Right.
19) 0) text: Hannah leans forward towards the camera, as if to hear be
19) 1) dialog: My favorite writer? Favorite writer. Favorite writer... Hannah goes blank. The smile disappears as her face goes into noticeable contortions. This is worse than Final Jeopardy. She turns quiet, squirming.
19) 2) dialog: Favorite. Wow. Hard to say. I've studied Composition more than actual Literature. Gee. I know Maureen enjoys Jane...
19) 5) dialog: That's the one. I hear she's good. But my favorite writer? Let me think about that a bit, OK? Short beat. Hannah lowers her voice, almost a loud confessional whisper.
19) 6) dialog: I didn't go to college.
28) 0) text: Place is empty. Alan, Colette, William, John, and Henry gather around the center table. The WRITERS AT WORK poster is propped up against a nearby empty chair. Hard not to notice the EMPTY CHAIR at the ta Hannah is missing. Waitress #1 pours coffee all around. Henry fidgets in his chair, focused on the empty chair.
29) 0) text: The evening meeting is winding to an end. John stands up stretch. Alan slides papers into his leather satchel. HANNAH'S CHAIR remains empty. Henry remains concerned.
29) 2) text: I wonder what happened to Hannah. ALAN
29) 3) text: It's not like her to miss. The mystery is quickly solved. Front door opens. In rushe Hannah, dashing directly towards the others, looking harr
29) 4) dialog: I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry for missing the meeting. JOHN
29) 8) text: People. C'mon. Look at her. That glow. Hannah met a guy. She got laid. Hannah gives William a playful smack on the back. HANNAH
29) 10) text: Told ya. HANNAH
29) 11) text: His name's Brian. Check out Henry. He looks absolutely horrified. No! Hannah takes a deep breath and flashes a smile the size o the Grand Canyon. HANNAH (CONT'D)
29) 12) text: He's my new agent! She remembers the camera. HANNAH (CONT'D)
29) 13) text: (Directly to camera) An agent. I've got an agent! Surprise and silence. The writers look at each other and then back at Hannah. Not quite sure how to react.
29) 15) dialog: That writing class I took? Well, for the final project, I turned in the first chapter of Sleeping on the Moon. I guess the teacher liked it. Then he gave it to his friend who's an agent. Brian. He called. Had to see me right away. Brian wants to sign me.
30) 0) text: Colette, Alan, John, William and Henry encircle a beaming Hannah as Waitress #1 snaps their PHOTO.
31) 0) text: Alan pops the drugstore CHAMPAGNE and pours into the chea plastic cups, as Colette passes them around to Hannah, He John, and William.
31) 2) text: To Hannah! Everyone clinks their cups together.
31) 3) dialog: Thank you. But I just want to remind everyone that we're all in this together. I couldn't have come this far without the group.
31) 7) dialog: I'm merely the first one to get signed. But we're all going to have an agent soon.
32) 0) text: The front door to the restaurant swings open and the writ group members tumble out into the evening. Alan carries h WRITERS AT WORK sign. William makes a move towards Hannah, but the the ever- protective Henry grabs her gently by her elbow, cutting William off. They start walking in one direction. William and John head out in the other. Meanwhile, Alan and Colet wave enthusiastically to Hannah.
32) 4) dialog: (Calling back)
32) 5) text: Thank you! 'Night. Alan and Colette continue to smile and wave until Hannah out of ear shot.
33) 0) text: Henry and Hannah arrive at her car. She unlocks the front door of her clunker-of-a-Ford as Henry waits.
33) 2) dialog: Your turn will come, Henry. You're a better writer than I am. So much better. You went to college. Hannah looks directly into the camera, pointing to Henry.
33) 3) dialog: He's a great writer. Henry Obert. I knew him when. Henry, clearly embarrassed, puts his hand up to block the camera. Tries to change the subject.
33) 5) dialog: Sure. I can't believe I've lived out here four years and haven't seen -- She stops in mid-sentence.   A light goes on in her head.
33) 6) dialog: Oh, my.
33) 9) dialog: Four years. It's been four years since I moved here. And now I have an agent. It's the number four again. My lucky number. I should have known this was going to happen.
33) 11) dialog: I'm going to dedicate my novel to you. A final wave and Henry watches as she disappears into the night. He sighs.
36) 0) text: Plopped down in her rocking chair, Hannah talks to someon O.S. Maureen goes about her day in the background.
36) 2) text: Have I thought of my favorite author yet? No. Not yet. There are so many, you know? The deep breaths and waving of hands begin again. Here co that smile as she looks directly into the camera. HANNAH (CONT'D)
36) 3) text: So. I am somewhat superstitious. Yes. Guilty. I'm drawn to the number 4. I was born at exactly 4:04 p.m. on April 4th. 4-4-4-4. That wasn't an accident. No way. She's dead serious. HANNAH (CONT'D)
36) 4) text: Certain things I've learned to avoid. Black cats. Cracked mirrors. Oh. And the number 13 especially. I hate the number 13. Hate it. Conversation interrupted by RINGING DOORBELL. Hannah frow at the interruption as Maureen scurries to the door and o it, revealing Colette hiding behind a HUGE GIFT BASKET. S breezes in. Takes over. Over the top. COLETTE
36) 6) text: Oh, Hannah. I'm so sorry. I didn't know they'd be here-- Yeah, right. Hannah springs up. Follows Colette as she se the basket down for all to admire.
36) 7) dialog: Colette.    What a lovely surprise! Hugs all around between Hannah and Maureen and Colette. Hannah looks blown away by the gift basket. HANNAH (CONT'D)
36) 11) text: (Reading) "For Poodles...Now may we have sex again? Love, Alan." What? Embarrassed, Colette snatches the card from Maureen Hannah is more focused on the gift. Doesn't really hear. HANNAH
36) 15) dialog: Gee.   I don't really know. Colette blurts out without thinking. COLETTE
36) 16) text: Think you could ask? Awkward situation for Hannah.      How best to respond?
36) 17) dialog: I guess so.     Maybe. COLETTE
36) 19) dialog: Let's talk about this at group meeting, OK? COLETTE
36) 25) dialog: (To herself; counting on her fingers)
36) 27) dialog: 13 letters.    Oh, dear... Hannah and Maureen exchange concerned looks.
37) 0) text: Rows of EYE GLASSES on display as Alan guides Hannah over the fitting table. Henry tags along.
37) 1) dialog: Thanks for seeing me today, Alan.
37) 3) dialog: Something that makes me look smart.
37) 7) dialog: Mmmmmmm. Alan removes the brown-colored frames.   Studies them for second. Then -- inspiration arrives.
37) 9) text: Ah. Name for character. Alexander Brown. Wears brown-colored glasses. HANNAH
37) 11) text: You know this great idea for a novel hit me this morning. It's called Unleashed. Alan tries the second pair on Hannah. She checks herself the mirror. Then she shows Henry. They both shake their h No. It is a funny moment between friends. They laugh as A reaches for pair #3. ALAN (CONT'D)
37) 12) text: It's about a dog who becomes human for 24 hours in order to rescue his kidnapped owner. I love this idea, Hannah. HANNAH
37) 13) text: Could be a winner. Alan puts the third pair of glasses on Hannah. She checks herself in the mirror, finally liking what she sees. She looks over towards Henry. HANNAH (CONT'D)
37) 18) dialog: (Evading)
37) 21) dialog: Um. Sure.   Probably could be.
43) 0) text: Hannah and Maureen watch with interest and obvious appreciation as Henry, dutifully wearing his uniform, cle their living room carpet. Open PIZZA STARZ ГЌBOX on the breakfast bar. Looks like H has brought dinner, as well. Hannah's iPhone goes off. As courtesy, Henry stops the machine.
43) 1) dialog: (On phone)
43) 2) text: Hello? Yes. Oh, hi, Brian. (LISTENING) Really? (LISTENING) Oh my god! Oh my god! Oh my god! Hannah starts jumping up and down like a little girl whil Maureen and Henry look on in bewildered anticipation.
43) 3) dialog: (On phone)
43) 6) dialog: He sold my novel.
43) 8) dialog: (Nodding excitedly)
43) 11) dialog: (On telephone)
43) 12) text: Yes, Brian. I will. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I will. Promise. Thank you! Hannah turns off her iPhone. Mother and daughter can't believe the news. Jumping up and down. Warm embrace.
43) 16) dialog: Thank you. Another embrace between mother and daughter.   This could on all night.
43) 18) dialog: The group. Oh, dear. The group. No, no, I can't tell them about this.
43) 20) dialog: Oh. She looks to Maureen for support.
43) 21) dialog: It will seem like I'm bragging or something. I mean I'm the one with an agent. Now this. It could be too much, too soon, don't you think? Henry understands.   He wants to help.
43) 23) dialog: Thank you, my friend. I can always depend on you, can't I?
45) 4) dialog: Ohhhhhh.    For me? You shouldn't have. WILLIAM
45) 5) text: Way to go, Ms. Published Author! Everyone gets a hug from Hannah. William gives Hannah an extra long hug. ALAN
45) 6) text: We're all jealous, Hannah. Just teasing.
45) 9) text: When will your book come out, Hannah?
45) 10) dialog: A year.    Takes about a year. WILLIAM
45) 13) text: (Shrugging) Why not? How much did you get? HANNAH
45) 21) dialog: (Ever-diplomatic)
46) 0) text: The meeting gets down to business. Alan, Colette, Henry, William and Hannah, wearing her new glasses, listen as Jo reads from Roaring Lion.
46) 8) text: I don't want to hear from everybody. She has a book coming out. John K. Butzin has a book coming out. I want to hear from Hannah, author to author. WILLIAM
46) 11) text: Hers is more valid. What'd you think, Hannah? Tell me. Hannah struggles to speak. Clearly uncomfortable.
46) 12) dialog: 
54) 0) text: Hannah sits cross-legged on her living room floor, wearin her new glasses, reading typed pages. Henry sits close to her. Not too close. Waiting. Hannah finishes. Impressed.
54) 1) dialog: Henry.     This is good.   So good.
54) 4) dialog: I'm dying to know more about Scott and Christy. What great characters.
54) 7) dialog: You'll figure it out, Henry. It'll pass. Focus on your writing. No distractions. The writing comes first. Henry lets it sink in.   Changes the subject.
55) 0) text: The imposing house screams success.     Henry and Hannah Henry's parked car, taking it in.
55) 1) dialog: Who lives here?
55) 3) dialog: Oh.   That writer you like?
55) 6) dialog: Can't say I've read his stuff.     Nice house, though.
56) 0) text: Henry and Hannah stand on the sidewalk in front of the No Hayworth home. Henry seems barely able to contain his excitement.
56) 3) text: North Hayworth Avenue. Hollywood, California. Hannah smiles politely, but it's clear she doesn't recogn the house. HENRY (CONT'D)
56) 4) text: Big clue time. Sheila Graham. Still nothing registers with Hannah. HENRY (CONT'D)
56) 5) text: OK. Give up? Writer Sheila Graham lived here. Fitzgerald was her lover. This is where he died on December 21, 1940. Hannah lets it all sink in. HANNAH
56) 7) text: No. Fitzgerald. F. Scott Fitzgerald. He wrote The Great Gatsby. The name doesn't register with Hannah. HENRY (CONT'D)
56) 8) text: (Reciting from heart) Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgiastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that's-- HANNAH
56) 13) text: You know they can't. What's wrong? Hannah hesitates.   Counts to three. Lowers her voice. HANNAH
56) 15) text: You're kidding. HANNAH
56) 16) text: Henry. I never went to college. I've heard of Hemingway. A little. Fitzgerald. Somewhere. But I don't have your education. Your smarts. I haven't read all these great novels. My stories come from my heart. Henry lets it all sink in.    Hannah looks at the house. HANNAH (CONT'D)
56) 19) text: Actually, it's quite simple. Boy meets girl. Boy loses girl. Boy moves heaven and earth to win the girl back. HANNAH
56) 20) text: And it's your favorite? Henry nods with his heart. HANNAH (CONT'D)
58) 0) text: Henry and Hannah at a table, sharing coffee. Eudora the waitress swings by with a refill, hair purple as ever. Ha thumbs through her copy of Gatsby, looking interested. An pleased. Eudora notices the book.
58) 2) dialog: Oh, I needed this break. Thank you, Henry.
58) 4) dialog: It's just that I'm starting to feel the pressure, you know? There is so much riding on this first book.
58) 7) dialog: Beverly Hills, ah...
59) 0) text: Parked on the street in front of Hannah's apartment. Henr and Hannah, this mutual admiration society, stand by the car. Hannah still has her copy of Gatsby. Short beat.
59) 1) dialog: What a dear, sweet friend you are. Hannah graces Henry with another hug. Another quick peck the lips. But wait--Henry wants more. He kisses her back. More than a peck. Too much more. Hannah, surprised, pulls back--her hand on his chest: Stop.
59) 2) dialog: (Gently)
60) 0) text: The writing group meets. Hannah, Henry, John, William, Al and Colette sit around the living room, pages in front of them. WRITERS AT WORK sign on display. Maureen, trying not to be in the way, goes from writer to writer, carrying a large TRAY OF VEGGIES.
60) 6) text: Don't be a pussy, Obert. Get writing. Complete the mission. HANNAH
60) 17) text: Is this Scott wanting to go beyond the friendship? There's no way Christy would suggest it. What do you think, Hannah? ALAN
60) 18) text: Yes. Hannah, what do you think? All eyes go back to Hannah.     She does not want to answ HANNAH
60) 23) dialog: No.    Friends. Nothing more.
61) 0) text: Meeting over. Writing group starts breaking up. William leans in close by Hannah.
61) 2) text: Got a sec? William motions Hannah over to the corner of the living r away from the others. She follows, looking puzzled. Henry watches with curiosity. William starts speaking to Hannah hushed tones, trying not to let anyone else overhear the conversation.
61) 3) dialog: How much? More hushed tones from William. Hannah shakes her head.
61) 4) dialog: But if I loaned you money, then I wouldn't have it.
61) 6) dialog: Sorry. It's bad luck to loan money.
63) 0) text: Hannah plops in her chair, upscale SHOPPING BAGS at her f Maureen hovers in the background.
63) 1) dialog: How am I doing? OK. Sort of. Brian called. Looks like there's real interest in movie rights for Sleeping on the Moon. Yeah, thanks. Heavy sigh.   Not excited in the least. Matter-of-fact.
63) 2) dialog: But I don't dare say anything to the group. They find out I've got a movie deal--I don't know. I'm sensing enough jealousy as it is, you know? Could be awkward if they found out. It's a real--what's that word?
63) 4) dialog: That's it.    I'm in one.
65) 0) text: Full meeting of the writing group, all crammed around the dining table. Henry and Hannah sit apart. A single BOWL OF PRETZELS has been placed before them. Ha reads from her typed pages. Alan, William, Colette, and H hang on her every word. John is half-listening at best, more interested in the MAGAZINE he's thumbing through. William REACHES UNDER THE TABLE and gently squeezes Colet hand. Surprised, she pulls her hand away.
65) 1) dialog: (Reading; with feeling)
65) 2) text: "Please come home, Michael." "Why would you want to marry me, Kyra? I barely graduated high school." "Michael, I don't care about some silly college degree. You're the most intelligent person I've ever known. You are my shining star." Then Colette puts it back and squeezes William's hand. It his turn to be surprised. Hannah slides off her new reading glasses, waiting for so to react. The room falls silent. Alan steps in.
65) 4) dialog: I value your feedback.    We're all in this together, right? Nobody bites.
65) 5) dialog: Colette--Did the new scene work for you? Colette seems thrown by the direct question.
65) 7) text: Oh...Gee...Hannah. What? I mean, you're being published. This is being published. HANNAH
65) 9) text: Of course you are, Hannah. WILLIAM
65) 11) text: I think what I'm hearing from the group is...is...you're fine. We all love it. Nothing here to critique. You don't need us--well, it's not that you don't need us, but, you know... Alan's voice trails off before he can dig himself any dee More silence as Hannah wrestles with this unexpected reac Finally looks to Henry for help. HANNAH
78) 5) dialog: Wouldn't miss your signing, John. Hannah presents John with the cupcake and leans in for a friendly peck on the cheek. Colette aims her cell phone camera at John.
78) 10) dialog: William said he'd meet us here.
81) 0) text: William kicks his CHAIR over. Alan, Colette, John, Henry Hannah sit calmly around the table. Henry and Hannah apar
81) 17) dialog: You're a pretend writer, William. Silence.   William is surprised that Hannah speaks out.
82) 0) text: Large bookstore. Long line. Why? Because Richard Benedict is in the building, doing a signing of his new novel The Pineapple Man. Hannah, Henry, Alan, and Colette stand in line together, waiting. Colette is holding one copy of the BOOK. Hannah has one. Henry has one. Alan reaches inside his coat pocket for his RECORDER. Sna it on.
84) 3) dialog: I've never seen him before.
84) 15) text: Hi there. Richard looks up at her for a split second and decides to ignore her. Another scribbled signature as he remains on the phone. Colette takes the book, trying not to look hurt. Alan gra Henry and they leave the area. Hannah is next up. She put her book down on the table. RICHARD
84) 16) text: (On phone) Damn it! That simply won't-- Richard glances up. Sees Hannah standing there. He stops mid-sentence. Smiles. RICHARD (CONT'D)
84) 17) text: Hi. HANNAH
84) 18) text: Hello. Richard hangs up the phone. The two start chatting. Camera goes over to the shell-sho Henry, still clutching his book, watching as Hannah and Richard carry on. Henry is so disconcerted by what he see that he fails to notice Eudora, still with purple hair an matching glasses, the very next person in line behind Han waving at him.
85) 0) text: Outside bookstore. After the signing. Alan and Colette wa ahead. Henry and Hannah follow. Colette, Henry and Hannah each carry book bags.
85) 2) dialog: Who?
85) 6) dialog: I don't know. We just talked.
85) 8) dialog: We just talked, Henry. I mentioned my book. He started asking about it. Writer to writer. No big deal.
85) 11) dialog: Look, a guy like that reads more books in a week than I ever have. Why would he bother call-- Just then, Hannah's iPhone goes off. She answers. The oth three stop in their tracks.
85) 12) dialog: (On telephone)
85) 15) text: Unbelievable. Henry inches closer to Hannah, forcing Hannah to move bac creating an uneasy dance between the two. She turns her back on Henry. HANNAH
85) 16) text: (On telephone) Coffee? Oh, God. I don't know, Richard. I really appreciate the invitation, but-- She listens. Her face is anguished. Finally -- HANNAH (CONT'D)
85) 17) text: This isn't a good time. Call me later. Yes. I'll think about it. Yes. Bye. Hannah turns off her phone. Alan, Colette, Henry stand th gaping jaws wide open. ALAN
85) 19) text: This isn't fair. This just isn't fair. HANNAH
85) 23) text: No. This isn't fair. And now Richard Benedict wants to have coffee with you? All this is happening to you. And only you. Isn't there anything -- I don't know--some kind of cosmic creative crumb for the rest of us to nibble on? HANNAH
85) 27) dialog: Brian didn't want to meet you. I asked.
86) 0) text: Henry and Hannah sit on opposite ends of the bench. Hanna looks distraught, lost in thought, simmering. Henry knows to keep his distance. Waits.
88) 0) text: Hannah and Henry remain on the bench.      Hannah takes a and finally breaks her silence.
88) 1) dialog: Your writer's block?
88) 3) dialog: It's because your focus is always on everything else. Gatsby. Fitzgerald. Me. Whoa. Henry isn't about to argue.
88) 4) dialog: Listen to me, Henry Obert. Your writing must come first. Take this passion you have. Put it on the page. Forget everything else. All you're doing is wasting...
96) 8) dialog: Here you-- Her words freeze up as she recognizes Henry. Henry and Ha lock eyes for a long beat. Poor kid. This is the moment.
96) 10) text: No distractions. The writing comes first. HANNAH
96) 13) text: How much better are you, Hannah? Show us. Who wrote Slaughterhouse Five? D'ya know?
96) 14) dialog: Henry.    Don't. HENRY
96) 15) text: No, No. This could be quite educational. How about Native Son? Catch-22? HANNAH
96) 17) text: Lord of the Flies? Portnoy's Complaint? Do you know any author? Harry Potter--You must know Harry Potter. HANNAH
96) 19) text: --Sophie's Choice? Anything published in the English language. HANNAH
96) 23) dialog: I'm not-- She hesitates.   Not for long.
96) 24) dialog: I'm not the one delivering pizzas for a living. Score one for Hannah.
96) 25) dialog: I'm not the one wasting my talent. You've read all those books, sure, but my book is being published. Is yours? Henry has no comeback. Hannah stares him down. The dollar bill drops from her hand on to the ground. She retreats back inside the house, firmly closing the front door, lea Henry alone. Only then do we notice the number of the house: 4441.
97) 0) text: We've never seen Henry like this. He rips down all his Ri Benedict photos from the wall. Collects all his Benedict books. Stuffs everything in a CARDBOARD BOX. Next he turn his attention to all the rejection letters on the wall. L of rejection. Gives them a long look. Then he snaps up th photo of Hannah from near his computer. He takes the phot and tacks it dead center in the middle of all his rejecti letters. Henry stares at the photo, oblivious to the camera, consu by Hannah's radiant smile. His latest, and most painful, rejection. It's over. Henry understands what must be done. He goes over to his desk. Sits down at his laptop. One last glance over at Hannah's photo as he turns the computer on. He contemplates for a second. Then begins typing.
101) 0) text: Meeting of the writing group. Not yet started. John, Alan and Hannah sit around the table. No refreshments being served. No small talk. Everyone is quiet. Hannah looks fantastic. More makeup. Nicer clothes. Fidge in her chair. Seems anxious. Stares at her new KINDLE. FRONT DOOR opens and closes. FOOTSTEPS approaching. It's Henry. Looks determined. Man on a mission. Carries a satc
101) 5) text: Way to go, Henry. Even Hannah looks surprised. She and Alan thumb through t copies. John sniffs at the front page. Henry slides in ac from Hannah. Looks satisfied. FRONT DOOR opens again. MOR FOOTSTEPS. Colette arrives with Dr. Xiroman in tow. Xirom The others exchange puzzled glances.
101) 26) dialog: I'm leaving. Surprise all around.    Hannah avoids looking at Henry. HANNAH (CONT'D)
101) 27) text: It's time. Richard is going to mentor me. Today's the 22nd. Two plus two equals four and we all know four's... Her voice trails off.    Why bother explaining.   Just do HANNAH (CONT'D)
101) 28) text: Anyway, I'm quitting. There. She said it. Hannah looks so relieved. She's done. Indignant, Colette stares her up and down.
101) 30) text: Well, in this case one plus one equals one very successful writing team. I can't believe you, Hannah. You're doing this just to upstage our news about landing an agent.
101) 47) text: Here. Take it. Maybe you can use some of my ideas in your novel. Alan flashes a "thumbs up" sign to Henry and to Hannah. starts to leave, but remembers the camera. ALAN (CONT'D)
101) 48) text: (To camera) This was supposed to be a reality series. That's off his chest. Alan leaves Henry and Hannah alone the table. Awkward silence.
101) 50) dialog: Henry . . . Don't waste your breath. He's gone.
102) 0) text: Hannah's book release party. Great turnout. Her professio PHOTO adorns a POSTER announcing the publication of Sleep on the Moon. Boy, Hannah looks terrific in that photo. Richard hovers around the makeshift bar, drink in hand. Maureen, looking radiant, accepts the congratulations of well-wishers. TABLE prominently centered has piles of Han novel, waiting to be signed. Hannah talks to the camera, looking especially radiant. T is her day and she is more than ready for her close-up. Totally different in wardrobe and appearance.
102) 1) dialog: Exciting, isn't it? I'm so nervous. I don't know half these people. Most of them are Richard's friends. Hannah waves to Richard. He waves back. Hannah glances ar the room, as if looking for someone in particular.
102) 2) dialog: Nobody's showed up from my old writing group. Not one. Probably shouldn't be surprised. Haven't really heard from anyone in months. She is asked a question.
102) 3) dialog: Favorite writer? You keep asking me that. Too funny. Sorry. Still can't think of one.
103) 0) text: Hannah sits behind the table, signing books. Maureen stan behind her helping to orchestrate the line of people. Hannah acts very gracious. Signing a book, smiling and chatting up the guests. She seems at ease. Everything is going her way. She looks past the line. Her eyes light up and she jumps to her feet.
103) 2) dialog: Oh my God! Hannah bolts from the table, cuts through the line and fi Henry standing alone.
103) 4) text: Henry. Ohhhhh. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much for coming. Hannah throws her arms around Henry, giving him a long heartfelt hug, almost smothering the poor guy--not that h complains. She lets go and gives Henry a friendly once-ov HANNAH (CONT'D)
103) 5) text: You're the only one from the group who showed up. Still awkward for them to be around each other. HANNAH (CONT'D)
103) 7) text: Well, pretty hard to miss that article about you in People magazine. Just wanted to say hi. And congratulations. Maureen comes up behind Hannah. Beams at Henry, and waves MAUREEN
103) 8) text: Hello, Henry. (To Hannah) Hannah, come back. Your public awaits. HENRY
103) 10) dialog: Please stay.
103) 12) dialog: Oh. HENRY
103) 16) dialog: Well, then.     Guess you can't stay.
103) 18) dialog: One sec.   Wait here. Hannah runs back to the signing table, pulls out a book a scribbles something inside. She brings the book back over Henry. HANNAH (CONT'D)
103) 21) dialog: Take it. Henry accepts the book. Hannah gives him another long hug HANNAH (CONT'D)
103) 23) text: No. No, thanks. HANNAH
103) 26) text: Dear, sweet Hannah. Please!
103) 27) dialog: Just say hi. Henry tries to back away. Hannah leans forward, grabs his hand and tugs him in the other direction. HENRY
103) 30) dialog: Oh, c'mon.   You'll -- Then -- BAM, Henry, not looking where he's going, slams i Richard accidentally, spilling Richard's drink all over t author. Horrified looks all around.
104) 0) text: Outside the bookstore, Henry stands on the sidewalk, talk to the camera as he clutches Hannah's book.
115) 1) dialog: Welcome to Sleeping on the Moon: The Movie! It's so exciting!
116) 0) text: Hannah, looking good, sits in a chair, a BOOK on her lap. She is talking to the camera. CREW in the background.
116) 1) dialog: Let's see. My book ended up on the best sellers list. Stopping at Number 13. She crinkles her nose in obvious disappointment.
116) 2) dialog: Then Richard left me.
116) 5) dialog: I'm sure the two were connected. No loss. Such an ego. But guess what? I've gone back to school! To underscore the point, she holds up a the book--it's Th Great Gatsby.
116) 6) dialog: Look what I'm reading for class. Isn't that pretty, you know, what do they call it? What's that word? She hears an answer.
116) 7) dialog: Ironic. That's it. Pretty ironic. But I'm going to get my degree. Then I'll be smart. Really smart. Short beat
116) 8) dialog: You know how you kept asking me that question. Who's my favorite writer? Short beat.
116) 9) dialog: Turns out I do have one. Mr. Henry Obert. He's become a great writer. A published author. She smiles.
116) 10) dialog: I knew him when. She likes her answer.    But then hesitates.
116) 11) dialog: Probably shouldn't tell him I said that, 'kay? She winks.
116) 12) dialog: Keep it between us. Goodbye Hannah.    Good luck.