1) 2) dialog: This is where where F. Scott Fitzgerald died on December 21, 1940. INSERT ARCHIVAL PHOTOS of Fitzgerald.   His work.   His l
1) 3) dialog: Fitzgerald was one of the truly great American writers of the 20th century. Tender is the Night. The Last Tycoon. This Side of Paradise. And, of course, my favorite, The Great Gatsby. But Fitzgerald ended up out here. Writing movies that never got made. Drinking too much. Alienating people. Losing his way.
2) 0) text: Henry stands on the sidewalk. Full of promise and hope. Wears a pizza delivery outfit as he stares at the apartme more with reverence than curiosity.
2) 2) dialog: I stop by here sometimes--out of respect. Fitzgerald had this amazing gift.
3) 0) text: Henry crosses the street--heading for his parked Honda. unlocks the car. Swings open the back door.
3) 1) dialog: But he wasted it. He wasted his talent. Henry yanks a MAGNETIC SIGN out of the back seat and slap it on the outside of the driver's door: PIZZA STARZ. One last glance at the fabled apartment complex.
3) 3) dialog: When I sell my novel, I won't make his mistakes.
5) 2) text: ...consumed totally, completely, absolutely, by endless thoughts of Yuri fondling her breast, his other hand groping her womanhood, knowing... They sit around the dining room table. Colette, convinced she's the next Amy Tan, reads aloud from her TYPED PAGES. The others all have copies in front of them. We recognize Henry, the frog waiting to become a prince, making copiou notes and Alan, oh-so-proud, hanging on every word. Beami Three others round out the group: Younger MAN (early 30s). Unshaven. Always thinks he's the coolest guy in any room. Can't avoid glances at the camer
6) 0) text: Henry's sparse studio apartment. Minimal furniture. His l is set up on an old door, stretched across some blue plas crates. There are BOOKS piled everywhere. All sorts of books. And PAPER -- pieces of paper, including letters and cards and printed emails, dozens of them, are taped throughout the small apartment. We are introduced to Henry the writer: pondering over his battered laptop, pacing up and down the floor, checking h nearly empty refrigerator, stretched out on his Goodwill couch, watching TV. Finally, inspiration. Henry rushes to his desk and taps o a sentence or two on his computer, feeling proud for his accomplishment.
6) 1) dialog: I graduated from the University of Illinois. English major. Taught high school for a couple years, but hated it. Moved out here to be a writer.
7) 0) text: As Henry's voice over continues, we see him in uniform wi pizza in hand at the front door of a house. Rings doorbel
7) 1) dialog: I work two jobs. Delivering pizzas and cleaning carpets. Good jobs for a writer.
8) 0) text: Henry cleaning the carpets as the heavily-tattooed MOTORC DUDE points to a dirty spot: Over here.
8) 1) dialog: You meet lots of interesting people.
9) 0) text: Henry points to the letters on the wall. C.U. picks up on phrases like "We regret to inform you," or "Sorry, but th story isn't right for us," or "The Baxter Agency currentl isn't accepting new clients."
9) 1) dialog: I have two unpublished novels. Working on my third, Pizza to Go. These are my rejection letters. Rejected by agents. Rejected by publishers. When you think about it, it's pretty amazing how many ways people can reject you.
10) 0) text: Henry, John, Alan, Colette, Hannah, and William sit aroun the table. Impressive buffet of cold cuts, cheeses, and shrimp has been set out.
10) 1) dialog: Our writing group meets every Tuesday night. Mostly at Alan and Colette's. Sometimes we rotate. John helps himself to some shrimp.   Then helps himself t some more.
10) 2) dialog: I love coming to the group. Everyone always has such constructive feedback. It's like we're all in this together.
10) 14) text: Roger that. Torpedo Chapter Three. Blow it up. Get the focus back on this broad--Natasha. HENRY
10) 18) dialog: Writing can be such a solitary existence, so it's good to have this outlet where you can meet other writers and exchange ideas. Here it really is all for one and one for all.
11) 0) text: Later that evening.    Meeting is over. Alan, Colette, Hannah, Henry, William, and John are all standing up now. William stretches. John reaches for more shrimp. Friendly banter. Laughter.
11) 3) dialog: Sure.
12) 0) text: Henry sits at his desk, staring at the blank computer. Lo in thought. Emphasis on lost.
12) 1) dialog: This new novel Pizza to Go is about Scott, a pizza delivery guy in LA. He comes across some interesting characters. I like what I have so far, but it's only a hundred pages and I'm stuck...
13) 0) text: Henry stands in front of the mirror in his apartment, wea the Pizza Starz hat and shirt. Ready for work.
13) 1) dialog: ...Haven't written a word in the last two weeks. Not one. Hannah teases me about having writer's block.
14) 1) dialog: ...I keep thinking about her. She's all I think about. Really would like to ask her out.
26) 0) text: Henry stands in front of his mirror. Checks his appearanc Again. Talks to the camera.
26) 1) dialog: Tonight's the night. I'm going to ask Hannah out. Henry becomes lost in thought.   Regroups.
26) 2) dialog: It's time. I like her. She likes me-- I think. I've got to take action. Still stuck on Page 100. So I'm asking Hannah out on a date tonight. It'll be great. And I'll put this writer's block behind me. Checks his appearance one last time in the mirror.
26) 3) dialog: Wish me luck.
28) 0) text: Place is empty. Alan, Colette, William, John, and Henry gather around the center table. The WRITERS AT WORK poster is propped up against a nearby empty chair. Hard not to notice the EMPTY CHAIR at the ta Hannah is missing. Waitress #1 pours coffee all around. Henry fidgets in his chair, focused on the empty chair.
28) 4) dialog: Where's Hannah? Anyone know? Nobody responds. Alan checks his watch.
28) 6) dialog: Shouldn't we wait for Hannah?
28) 14) dialog: One word?
28) 17) dialog: No. Dorothy Parker said that.
28) 24) text: One goddamn word. Henry continues staring at the empty chair.
29) 0) text: The evening meeting is winding to an end. John stands up stretch. Alan slides papers into his leather satchel. HANNAH'S CHAIR remains empty. Henry remains concerned.
29) 11) text: His name's Brian. Check out Henry. He looks absolutely horrified. No! Hannah takes a deep breath and flashes a smile the size o the Grand Canyon. HANNAH (CONT'D)
30) 0) text: Colette, Alan, John, William and Henry encircle a beaming Hannah as Waitress #1 snaps their PHOTO.
31) 10) text: Hey, can you lend me ten bucks? Henry is still a bit dazed by this unexpected turn of eve
31) 11) dialog: Sure.
32) 0) text: The front door to the restaurant swings open and the writ group members tumble out into the evening. Alan carries h WRITERS AT WORK sign. William makes a move towards Hannah, but the the ever- protective Henry grabs her gently by her elbow, cutting William off. They start walking in one direction. William and John head out in the other. Meanwhile, Alan and Colet wave enthusiastically to Hannah.
33) 0) text: Henry and Hannah arrive at her car. She unlocks the front door of her clunker-of-a-Ford as Henry waits.
33) 1) dialog: I'm so proud of you, Hannah.
33) 4) dialog: Listen. Maybe some afternoon we could go for a drive. There are some special places I'd like to show you.
33) 8) dialog: What?
33) 10) dialog: There is no one more deserving. Hannah rewards Henry's praise with a peck on the lips. a warm hug. Hannah steps in her car, starts it up and rolls down the window.
34) 0) text: Henry, sitting in his studio apartment, wears his pizza delivery outfit. Ready for work. Talks to the camera.
34) 1) dialog: I'm happy for Hannah.
34) 4) dialog: Still, her getting an agent sort of ruins my plans, doesn't it? I mean, Hannah has an agent. I don't. That won't work for dating. I can't ask her out until I get an agent. Henry gestures at a PHOTOGRAPH taped to the wall among hi rejection letters.
34) 5) dialog: That's Richard Benedict. He's written seven novels. Fantastic writer. INSERT ARCHIVAL PHOTOS of Richard Benedict.
34) 6) dialog: The Fitzgerald of his generation. Richard Benedict made me want to be a writer.
37) 0) text: Rows of EYE GLASSES on display as Alan guides Hannah over the fitting table. Henry tags along.
37) 4) dialog: You're already smart, Hannah. Hannah gives Henry's hand a playful squeeze: Thank you. Alan and Hannah sit down opposite from each other. Henry pulls up a chair to the side. Alan selects a pair. Puts t on Hannah.
37) 10) text: Of course he would. Henry nods, agreeing. Satisfied, Alan puts the recorder away and reaches for another pair of glasses. ALAN
37) 11) text: You know this great idea for a novel hit me this morning. It's called Unleashed. Alan tries the second pair on Hannah. She checks herself the mirror. Then she shows Henry. They both shake their h No. It is a funny moment between friends. They laugh as A reaches for pair #3. ALAN (CONT'D)
37) 13) text: Could be a winner. Alan puts the third pair of glasses on Hannah. She checks herself in the mirror, finally liking what she sees. She looks over towards Henry. HANNAH (CONT'D)
37) 14) text: What do you think? Poor Henry. She does look good. He's falling even harder her by the moment.
37) 16) dialog: You look great, Hannah. Hannah can't decide. She studies herself in the mirror as Henry studies her. Henry reaches for his ANDROID and snap a photo of her. Alan brings them back to real time.
37) 23) dialog: I'll help you develop the idea, Alan. Alan looks pleased. Hannah looks grateful.
43) 0) text: Hannah and Maureen watch with interest and obvious appreciation as Henry, dutifully wearing his uniform, cle their living room carpet. Open PIZZA STARZ ГЌBOX on the breakfast bar. Looks like H has brought dinner, as well. Hannah's iPhone goes off. As courtesy, Henry stops the machine.
43) 2) text: Hello? Yes. Oh, hi, Brian. (LISTENING) Really? (LISTENING) Oh my god! Oh my god! Oh my god! Hannah starts jumping up and down like a little girl whil Maureen and Henry look on in bewildered anticipation.
43) 7) dialog: What?
43) 9) text: Brian sold Sleeping on the Moon! Now Maureen starts jumping up and down. Henry can't hide surprise.
43) 14) dialog: You did it, Hannah!   You did it!
43) 17) dialog: We need to tell the group! The smile disappears from Hannah's face.
43) 19) dialog: Why not?
43) 22) dialog: Suppose I tell them? They could hear the news from me. Hannah lights up at the suggestion. She goes to Henry and gives him a tight hug. So very tight. Blesses him with an friendly peck on the lips.
45) 0) text: Henry's turn to host the group meeting. Alan, William, Colette, and John share the lumpy couch and the folding m chairs. Open PIZZA STARZ BOXES in the background. Everyone is enjoying a single slice of pizza off a paper plate--except for John, who is inhaling two pieces at onc The mood is somber. Quiet.
45) 2) dialog: Here she comes! Henry opens the door. Hannah floats in. The serious expressions suddenly, magically, turn to broa smiles. Henry is the first to offer a hug.
45) 8) text: You're all making too much of a spectacle here. HENRY
45) 19) dialog: They self-publish. E-books. Print on Demand.
46) 0) text: The meeting gets down to business. Alan, Colette, Henry, William and Hannah, wearing her new glasses, listen as Jo reads from Roaring Lion.
46) 4) text: OK, John. Nicely done. Let's get some feedback. Henry, as always, has been making notes.
46) 5) dialog: Well.   In terms of the characters--
48) 7) dialog: "...Gatsby had an extraordinary gift for hope, a romantic readiness...
49) 0) text: Henry reads from The Great Gatsby.
49) 1) dialog: "...such as I have never found in any other person and which it is not likely I shall ever find again..." Henry is always moved whenever he reads Fitzgerald.   Put down the book, he talks to the camera.
49) 2) dialog: You know, the year before he died, F.
49) 5) dialog: Scott Fitzgerald made a grand total of $13.13 in royalties from his writing. I guess Hannah's right about 13 being unlucky. A question is asked O.S. Henry listens.
49) 6) dialog: Sure. Sure. I know that. Gatsby does end tragically. But that's fiction. Hannah...She's real. Our story will have a happy ending. Pause.   Henry rethinks.
49) 7) dialog: Maybe.   Maybe a happy ending. His confidence flies out the door.
49) 8) dialog: Hope. Hope we have a happy ending. Fingers crossed. 52   INT. ALAN &amp; COLETTE'S HOUSE -- LIVING ROOM - DAY Alan and Colette hold court on their living room couch, talking to the camera.
54) 0) text: Hannah sits cross-legged on her living room floor, wearin her new glasses, reading typed pages. Henry sits close to her. Not too close. Waiting. Hannah finishes. Impressed.
54) 2) dialog: Really? Hannah nods.   Really.
54) 3) dialog: But I've only got 100 pages.      Can't seem to move forward.
54) 6) dialog: Yeah. Sure wish I knew what was going to happen with them. Hannah gives Henry a friendly tap on the knee for encouragement.
54) 8) dialog: Say, um, remember I offered to drive you around and show you a couple special places?
55) 0) text: The imposing house screams success.     Henry and Hannah Henry's parked car, taking it in.
55) 2) dialog: Richard Benedict.
55) 4) dialog: Like? No. It's much more than that. Wow. He...He... Henry struggles to put it into words.
55) 5) dialog: ...Reading Richard Benedict...made me want to be a better writer. He's that good, Hannah.
56) 0) text: Henry and Hannah stand on the sidewalk in front of the No Hayworth home. Henry seems barely able to contain his excitement.
56) 2) dialog: Here we are. Hannah stares blankly at the house. HENRY (CONT'D)
56) 3) text: North Hayworth Avenue. Hollywood, California. Hannah smiles politely, but it's clear she doesn't recogn the house. HENRY (CONT'D)
56) 4) text: Big clue time. Sheila Graham. Still nothing registers with Hannah. HENRY (CONT'D)
56) 6) text: Fitzgerald? He's the one who shot himself, right? HENRY
56) 7) text: No. Fitzgerald. F. Scott Fitzgerald. He wrote The Great Gatsby. The name doesn't register with Hannah. HENRY (CONT'D)
56) 9) text: (Interjecting) I've never read it. Henry can't hide his surprise.
56) 10) dialog: What? Hannah stops, cognizant of the ever-present camera.
56) 12) text: (To camera) Could you turn that off for a few minutes, please? HENRY
56) 14) text: I've never read The Great Gatsby. HENRY
56) 16) text: Henry. I never went to college. I've heard of Hemingway. A little. Fitzgerald. Somewhere. But I don't have your education. Your smarts. I haven't read all these great novels. My stories come from my heart. Henry lets it all sink in.    Hannah looks at the house. HANNAH (CONT'D)
56) 17) text: Tell me about the book. HENRY
56) 18) text: Gatsby is about social position and the American Dream and . . . Henry stops. Rethinks his explanation. HENRY (CONT'D)
56) 20) text: And it's your favorite? Henry nods with his heart. HANNAH (CONT'D)
56) 21) text: So how does it end? Does boy get the girl? Long beat. Then Henry reaches into the back seat of his c for his KNAPSACK. Puts it on his lap, unzips it. Pulls ou his personal copy of Gatsby.
56) 23) dialog: Here. Take my copy. He hands the well-read book to Hannah.
56) 24) dialog: Now you can find out for yourself.
58) 0) text: Henry and Hannah at a table, sharing coffee. Eudora the waitress swings by with a refill, hair purple as ever. Ha thumbs through her copy of Gatsby, looking interested. An pleased. Eudora notices the book.
58) 3) dialog: You're welcome.
58) 6) dialog: Don't be silly. Sleeping on the Moon will hit the bestseller list. You'll be the toast of the literary world. And I'll come over to Beverly Hills and deliver a pizza to you.
58) 8) dialog: Definitely.
59) 3) text: No distractions. The writing comes first, 'kay? Henry nods reluctantly: Understood. One last hug from Han before she heads for her front door, smiling back over he shoulder at Henry. Henry watches her leave, knowing that this was absolutely, positively, the best day of his life
60) 0) text: The writing group meets. Hannah, Henry, John, William, Al and Colette sit around the living room, pages in front of them. WRITERS AT WORK sign on display. Maureen, trying not to be in the way, goes from writer to writer, carrying a large TRAY OF VEGGIES.
60) 4) text: It's been weeks, Henry.
60) 5) dialog: I know.   Still can't focus. JOHN
60) 8) text: What's so hard, bro'? I mean, you've got Scott and Christy. Two friends. Tell their story. HENRY
60) 12) text: Christy's a beautiful, wealthy author in Beverly Hills. How close can they get? HENRY
60) 20) dialog: Never? Hannah shakes her head.   Chooses her words carefully. HANNAH
60) 21) text: No. It's always been a friendship. Henry takes a moment.   Thinking. HENRY
60) 25) text: I'd be uncomfortable with any changes in the relationship. Message received. All eyes on Henry. Defeated. HENRY
61) 2) text: Got a sec? William motions Hannah over to the corner of the living r away from the others. She follows, looking puzzled. Henry watches with curiosity. William starts speaking to Hannah hushed tones, trying not to let anyone else overhear the conversation.
65) 0) text: Full meeting of the writing group, all crammed around the dining table. Henry and Hannah sit apart. A single BOWL OF PRETZELS has been placed before them. Ha reads from her typed pages. Alan, William, Colette, and H hang on her every word. John is half-listening at best, more interested in the MAGAZINE he's thumbing through. William REACHES UNDER THE TABLE and gently squeezes Colet hand. Surprised, she pulls her hand away.
65) 11) text: I think what I'm hearing from the group is...is...you're fine. We all love it. Nothing here to critique. You don't need us--well, it's not that you don't need us, but, you know... Alan's voice trails off before he can dig himself any dee More silence as Hannah wrestles with this unexpected reac Finally looks to Henry for help. HANNAH
65) 12) text: What do you think, Henry? All eyes on Henry. He hesitates.   Then -- HENRY
69) 0) text: Henry talks to the camera.
69) 1) dialog: Hannah's avoiding me. She doesn't respond to emails or voice messages. She's "busy." Always an excuse.
70) 0) text: Henry talks to the camera--his concern unmistakable.
70) 1) dialog: Things have definitely changed between us. I did get to go to her place for dinner last night.
71) 0) text: A spruced-up Henry sits down for dinner.   All smiles.
71) 1) dialog: Hannah wasn't there. She was in New York with her publisher. But Maureen and I had a lovely time.
78) 8) dialog: Congratulations, John.
78) 15) dialog: This is in Chinese. All eyes on John. Squirming, he looks over to Sigrid: Hel me. She thinks for a second.
81) 0) text: William kicks his CHAIR over. Alan, Colette, John, Henry Hannah sit calmly around the table. Henry and Hannah apar
81) 13) dialog: (Voice rising) That's enough.
81) 18) dialog: She's right. You act the part. You like the lifestyle. You hit on women. You quote Bukowski. But Bukowski did the work. Each and every day he wrote. That's your problem, William. You don't do the work.
82) 0) text: Large bookstore. Long line. Why? Because Richard Benedict is in the building, doing a signing of his new novel The Pineapple Man. Hannah, Henry, Alan, and Colette stand in line together, waiting. Colette is holding one copy of the BOOK. Hannah has one. Henry has one. Alan reaches inside his coat pocket for his RECORDER. Sna it on.
82) 2) dialog: (To himself)
82) 3) text: Mr. Benedict, I just want to thank you. No. You've inspired my writing-- No. Hi. I'm Henry. I just think you're the greatest... Colette puts a friendly hand on Henry's shoulder.
84) 4) dialog: (To himself)
84) 5) text: Pleasure to meet you. No. Honor to meet you. He She They is my favorite novel. Closer...Closer...Closer they get to the table. Richard s away. Henry seems transfixed by him. Now it's his turn to have his book signed.
84) 8) text: What?! Henry stands there, unable to move, staring at Richard wh he speaks on the phone.
84) 10) text: Sir? No response.   Alan nudges Henry. No good.
84) 12) text: Sir? We need to keep the line moving. Sir? Alan intervenes. He takes Henry's copy of the novel and s it over to Benedict. Benedict scribbles his name quickly slides it back with no eye contact, yelling on the phone. RICHARD
84) 13) text: (On phone) Absolutely not! I'll sue that bastard first... Alan grabs the book and gives it back to Henry, nudging h again. ALAN
84) 14) text: We need to move, Henry. Alan and Colette slide their book over to Richard. COLETTE
84) 15) text: Hi there. Richard looks up at her for a split second and decides to ignore her. Another scribbled signature as he remains on the phone. Colette takes the book, trying not to look hurt. Alan gra Henry and they leave the area. Hannah is next up. She put her book down on the table. RICHARD
84) 18) text: Hello. Richard hangs up the phone. The two start chatting. Camera goes over to the shell-sho Henry, still clutching his book, watching as Hannah and Richard carry on. Henry is so disconcerted by what he see that he fails to notice Eudora, still with purple hair an matching glasses, the very next person in line behind Han waving at him.
85) 0) text: Outside bookstore. After the signing. Alan and Colette wa ahead. Henry and Hannah follow. Colette, Henry and Hannah each carry book bags.
85) 1) dialog: So what did he say?
85) 3) dialog: Who!?!? Richard Benedict. You know, the guy who just held up the line for five minutes talking to you?
85) 7) dialog: He sure liked you.
85) 9) dialog: No big deal? Talking to Richard Benedict. No big deal! Colette keeps walking. Biting her lip. Very quiet.
85) 15) text: Unbelievable. Henry inches closer to Hannah, forcing Hannah to move bac creating an uneasy dance between the two. She turns her back on Henry. HANNAH
85) 17) text: This isn't a good time. Call me later. Yes. I'll think about it. Yes. Bye. Hannah turns off her phone. Alan, Colette, Henry stand th gaping jaws wide open. ALAN
85) 31) dialog: Why don't you two just go on ahead?
85) 33) dialog: Go.
86) 0) text: Henry and Hannah sit on opposite ends of the bench. Hanna looks distraught, lost in thought, simmering. Henry knows to keep his distance. Waits.
88) 0) text: Hannah and Henry remain on the bench.      Hannah takes a and finally breaks her silence.
88) 2) dialog: Yeah.
88) 6) dialog: She's right. But I know what's really happening here. Hannah's telling me she has every intention of talking to Richard Benedict. She has every intention of seeing him.
95) 0) text: Henry delivers another pizza. Pockets the money as he wal back to his car, whistling. Checks his delivery list. Sta at the next address in sudden disbelief.
95) 1) dialog: Shit!
96) 0) text: Henry stands in the doorway, glumly clutching the PIZZA B Hesitates. Finally rings doorbell. Pause. Followed by LOU LAUGHTER. Door swings open. Richard stands there, wearing only his jeans. His hair is a mess.
96) 3) dialog: (Overlapping)
96) 4) text: They're with me. Your total comes to nineteen dollars and sixty-five cents. Richard pulls a crumpled twenty from his jean pocket. He hands it to Henry. Then reconsiders, calling inside.
96) 12) dialog: Yeah.    I bet he is. Quietly seething, Henry nods towards the camera. HENRY (CONT'D)
96) 16) text: Why isn't it enough that I'm your friend? HENRY
96) 18) text: Why isn't it enough that I believe in your writing? HENRY
96) 20) text: --That I believe in you? HENRY
97) 0) text: We've never seen Henry like this. He rips down all his Ri Benedict photos from the wall. Collects all his Benedict books. Stuffs everything in a CARDBOARD BOX. Next he turn his attention to all the rejection letters on the wall. L of rejection. Gives them a long look. Then he snaps up th photo of Hannah from near his computer. He takes the phot and tacks it dead center in the middle of all his rejecti letters. Henry stares at the photo, oblivious to the camera, consu by Hannah's radiant smile. His latest, and most painful, rejection. It's over. Henry understands what must be done. He goes over to his desk. Sits down at his laptop. One last glance over at Hannah's photo as he turns the computer on. He contemplates for a second. Then begins typing.
101) 0) text: Meeting of the writing group. Not yet started. John, Alan and Hannah sit around the table. No refreshments being served. No small talk. Everyone is quiet. Hannah looks fantastic. More makeup. Nicer clothes. Fidge in her chair. Seems anxious. Stares at her new KINDLE. FRONT DOOR opens and closes. FOOTSTEPS approaching. It's Henry. Looks determined. Man on a mission. Carries a satc
101) 1) dialog: Sorry I'm late.
101) 4) dialog: New pages.   I'm ready to read. ALAN
101) 5) text: Way to go, Henry. Even Hannah looks surprised. She and Alan thumb through t copies. John sniffs at the front page. Henry slides in ac from Hannah. Looks satisfied. FRONT DOOR opens again. MOR FOOTSTEPS. Colette arrives with Dr. Xiroman in tow. Xirom The others exchange puzzled glances.
101) 9) text: I am not joking. And, as a matter of fact, I'll have all of you know that the doctor and I are soon to be published authors. We've signed with The Lois Piper Agency. Colette stands there, waiting for the applause and congratulations, but all she receives is stunned silence. HENRY
101) 12) text: Henry's right. We all have to agree on new members. COLETTE
101) 33) text: News flash for you all. John K. Butzin is also saying Sayonara. Heading off on my international book tour. HENRY
101) 46) text: Idea for novel. Alan hesitates. Thinks for a second. Turns off the record Slides it across the table to Henry. ALAN (CONT'D)
101) 47) text: Here. Take it. Maybe you can use some of my ideas in your novel. Alan flashes a "thumbs up" sign to Henry and to Hannah. starts to leave, but remembers the camera. ALAN (CONT'D)
101) 48) text: (To camera) This was supposed to be a reality series. That's off his chest. Alan leaves Henry and Hannah alone the table. Awkward silence.
103) 3) dialog: Hi, Hannah. HANNAH
103) 4) text: Henry. Ohhhhh. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much for coming. Hannah throws her arms around Henry, giving him a long heartfelt hug, almost smothering the poor guy--not that h complains. She lets go and gives Henry a friendly once-ov HANNAH (CONT'D)
103) 6) text: I can't believe you remembered my signing. HENRY
103) 7) text: Well, pretty hard to miss that article about you in People magazine. Just wanted to say hi. And congratulations. Maureen comes up behind Hannah. Beams at Henry, and waves MAUREEN
103) 8) text: Hello, Henry. (To Hannah) Hannah, come back. Your public awaits. HENRY
103) 11) dialog: Can't.   Sorry.
103) 15) text: (Buying the obvious lie) A flight attendant? Henry nods.
103) 17) dialog: Sorry.
103) 20) dialog: (Protesting) Hannah . . .
103) 22) text: Do you want to say hello to Richard? HENRY
103) 25) dialog: I can't.   Really. MAUREEN
104) 0) text: Outside the bookstore, Henry stands on the sidewalk, talk to the camera as he clutches Hannah's book.
104) 1) dialog: Well, I did it. I showed up to Hannah's signing. I congratulated her. I supported her, writer to writer. And I finally got introduced to Richard Benedict--formally. Sort of. Henry opens up his copy of Hannah's novel. He turns quiet obviously moved. He holds the book up for the camera to see.
104) 2) dialog: Look. Hannah dedicated her novel to me. Just like she promised. Right beneath the printed dedication For Henry Obert, Han has written, For Henry, My Forever Friend xoxoxo Hannah. Henry studies the book for a second. Snaps it shut.
106) 0) text: Henry taking down the rejection letters from his walls an packing them in a cardboard BOX.
106) 1) dialog: David Keller did call me. One week later, he sold Pizza to Go to a New York publisher. They decided to rename it A Slice of LA. I did it. I sold my novel. Henry puts the last of the rejection letters away. Finall he picks up a FRAMED PHOTO. INSERT shows the six members the writing group from happier times--the photo snapped i the restaurant. Full of hope and promise.
106) 2) dialog: I miss the Tuesday night group. They made me a better writer. They taught me how to handle rejection. Henry lingers on the photo before packing it away, as wel
107) 0) text: Mostly empty. Henry sits at a booth, alone, a new copy of Gatsby in his hands. He talks to the camera. CUP OF COFFE in front of him.
107) 1) dialog: Hannah was right. The writing must always come first. Everything else waits. Everything. That's what I did finally. Finished my novel.
107) 4) text: Sold it. Now? Now I'm open. Ready for whatever-- WAITRESS stops by the table, refilling Henry's cup. Then setting the pot on the table, she reaches over and snatch the copy of Gatsby. Surprised, Henry glances up. HENRY (CONT'D)
107) 5) text: --happens next... It's her again. That young waitress with purple streaks i her hair and matching purple glasses thumbs through the b Henry finally checks out her name tag: Eudora. Clutching the book, Eudora recites from memory: EUDORA
107) 6) text: Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgiastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that's no matter-- HENRY
107) 7) text: (Surprised) --Tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms further... Eudora nods. Henry is amazed. HENRY (CONT'D)
107) 9) text: Not intimately. He died here, you know. HENRY
107) 11) text: I go by there sometimes. HENRY
107) 13) text: Is that weird. That I do that? HENRY
107) 17) dialog: Of course not. Do you write?
117) 1) dialog: Well, my novel finally came out. Seems to be doing OK.
118) 0) text: Henry looks more confident. More poised. Better clothes. The frog has become the prince. He glances back at the building.
118) 1) dialog: You know Fitzgerald said that all good writing is swimming under water and holding your breath. He was right. But after all I've been through, I think I'm finally ready to exhale. He looks at his watch.
118) 2) dialog: Oops. I'm late. Gotta go.
119) 0) text: SHOPPERS coming in and out of the store. POSTER in front window announces book signing for Henry Obert, author of Slice of LA. Right next to BANNER announcing GOING OUT OF BUSINESS. An next to the banner--a YOUNG MAN leans up against the wall waiting, passing time reading his KINDLE.
120) 0) text: We jump to the woman clutching FOUR COPIES of Henry's nov Wait a minute--we recognize those trendy glasses. It's Eu a rather pregnant Eudora.
120) 2) text: Yes, I'm totally busted. I'm buying four copies of A Slice of LA. One for each member of my writing group. Also because I think Henry Wayne Obert is the greatest new writer of the decade! Sexiest, too! Eudora is having way too much fun.
121) 0) text: Henry sits at the table in the bookstore, graciously and happily signing copies of his book for the SHORT LINE OF PEOPLE waiting. This is his moment, the one that brought him all the way from Illinois. He has arrived. As a person. As a writer. Henry looks up. Eudora is nestled comfortably in a nearby leather chair, reading away. She looks up. They make eye contact. Her smile is all the encouragement Henry needs. All that he will ever need. He reaches for the next book to sign.