10) 0) text: Henry, John, Alan, Colette, Hannah, and William sit aroun the table. Impressive buffet of cold cuts, cheeses, and shrimp has been set out.
10) 5) dialog: Well, if you ask John K. Butzin... Can't help looking at the camera. Making sure it's on him
10) 13) text: Whoa. Whoa. Time out. The dude's good in bed. Trust me, that's all the motive she needs. JOHN
11) 0) text: Later that evening.    Meeting is over. Alan, Colette, Hannah, Henry, William, and John are all standing up now. William stretches. John reaches for more shrimp. Friendly banter. Laughter.
20) 0) text: John is holding court at his mobile home, showcasing the finest in furniture from Sears. John stuffs his home with various MILITARY ARTIFACTS--photos, equipment, books. He' got it all. John talks to the camera.
20) 1) dialog: Everything John K. Butzin knows about writing comes down to two simple words: Tom Clancy. Yes, sir. Tom Clancy. The man's a genius. Does his research. All those nitty-gritty technical details. Now that's writing! John K. Butzin has one agent very interested in Roaring Lion. And a publisher up in Oxnard is looking at it as we speak. Plus a certain cousin's best friend has a neighbor who has an in with Clint Eastwood, so Hollywood might be calling soon. Don't know how the other members of the writing group will handle all this success by one person. They better not be pussies.
28) 0) text: Place is empty. Alan, Colette, William, John, and Henry gather around the center table. The WRITERS AT WORK poster is propped up against a nearby empty chair. Hard not to notice the EMPTY CHAIR at the ta Hannah is missing. Waitress #1 pours coffee all around. Henry fidgets in his chair, focused on the empty chair.
28) 1) dialog: (To William)
28) 12) dialog: They look the same.
28) 18) dialog: One word?    Jesus H. Christ.
28) 23) dialog: (Muttering)
29) 0) text: The evening meeting is winding to an end. John stands up stretch. Alan slides papers into his leather satchel. HANNAH'S CHAIR remains empty. Henry remains concerned.
29) 18) dialog: I salute you, young lady. And he does.
30) 0) text: Colette, Alan, John, William and Henry encircle a beaming Hannah as Waitress #1 snaps their PHOTO.
31) 0) text: Alan pops the drugstore CHAMPAGNE and pours into the chea plastic cups, as Colette passes them around to Hannah, He John, and William.
31) 8) dialog: Well, as a matter of fact, there's an agent in Santa Monica very interested in John K. Butzin. He's reading the manuscript as we speak. The others let John's remark pass without comment.   Will taps Henry on the shoulder.
32) 0) text: The front door to the restaurant swings open and the writ group members tumble out into the evening. Alan carries h WRITERS AT WORK sign. William makes a move towards Hannah, but the the ever- protective Henry grabs her gently by her elbow, cutting William off. They start walking in one direction. William and John head out in the other. Meanwhile, Alan and Colet wave enthusiastically to Hannah.
39) 0) text: John grins for the camera. The reason why sits next to hi in the matching LAWN CHAIRS. The WOMAN is clearly younger than John. Plainly dressed i faded sweat shirt. Little makeup. Nervous in front of the camera, but she looks more at us than she does at John. H can't keep his eyes off her.
39) 2) dialog: Meet someone very s-p-e-c-i-e-l. Here with us today all the way from... Coaxing Sigrid to finish the thought.
39) 4) dialog: Oh! That accent! Found her    working at the hardware store. Went   in for a drill bit. Came out with a    prime candidate for Mrs. John K.    Butzin.
41) 6) text: Then maybe Sigrid Hagenguth becomes Mrs. John K. Bootzin, ja?
44) 0) text: John talks to the camera.
44) 2) dialog: That's great for Hannah, her little book deal, and all. But John K. Butzin has some news to announce, as well. John holds up a BROCHURE.
44) 3) dialog: I've just inked a deal with U R the Publisher, a reputable company based in New Delhi. They publish 5000 titles internationally every year. Paying 'em two hundred dollars and they're going to format and publish my novel Roaring Lion. I've waited for this moment forever. Finally, a Butzin is going to be a published author. A voice drifts in from another room.
45) 0) text: Henry's turn to host the group meeting. Alan, William, Colette, and John share the lumpy couch and the folding m chairs. Open PIZZA STARZ BOXES in the background. Everyone is enjoying a single slice of pizza off a paper plate--except for John, who is inhaling two pieces at onc The mood is somber. Quiet.
45) 14) text: I did OK. Leave it at that. What's important is that I owe this success to all of you. I would be lost without this writing group. JOHN
45) 15) text: (Louder than normal) I don't know if anyone heard. All eyes turn to John, still inhaling pizza.
45) 17) dialog: But U.R. the Publisher has agreed to publish Roaring Lion by John K. Butzin. Puzzled looks are the reaction.
45) 20) dialog: That's right, Obert. But I'll have my book in two weeks. None of this B.S. waiting around. John K. Butzin will be a published author. And be published first.
45) 22) text: Well, John. Congratulations. She leans over and gives him the briefest of hugs. There other congratulatory murmurs coming from the group.
46) 1) dialog: (Reading)
46) 2) text: Gunner stared out over the bleak horizon, seeing one dead Viet Cong after another lay scattered on the bloody hillside. He had won this time, but Gunner knew Charlie would be back in the morning. By god, he would be ready. So would his M60 General Purpose Machine Gun and Mark 2 Fragmentation/Hand Rifle Grenade. John finishes and sits back in his chair, quite pleased w himself.
46) 4) text: OK, John. Nicely done. Let's get some feedback. Henry, as always, has been making notes.
46) 6) dialog: (Jumping in) --Hold on, Obert. I wanna hear from her. John points towards Hannah. ALAN
46) 7) text: We'll hear from everybody. JOHN
46) 8) text: I don't want to hear from everybody. She has a book coming out. John K. Butzin has a book coming out. I want to hear from Hannah, author to author. WILLIAM
46) 10) text: This is really going against the spirit of the group, John. Everyone's opinion is valid. JOHN
57) 0) text: John is on the telephone, clutching a copy of Roaring Lio He does not look happy.
57) 1) dialog: (On telephone)
57) 2) text: Yes. I'm still holding. Where are you again? New Dehli? Oh. John stares at his book, shaking his head. Waits for a fe seconds. Sigrid is in the background, doing light housekeeping, tr not to listen, but obviously can't avoid it.
57) 3) dialog: (On telephone)
57) 4) text: Butzin. John K. Butzin. Right. That's me. Roaring Lion. Yes. Well, I have a copy of my book you sent, but there must be some mistake...Well, you put a dog on the cover. Not a lion like we agreed. John holds the book up for the camera to catch the unmistakable dog barking on the front cover.
57) 5) dialog: (On telephone)
57) 6) text: Plus the back cover is written in Chinese. Chinese...Yes, I know Chinese when I see it. One of those Chinese assault rifles almost cost me an eye at Hamburger Hill... John listens--trying to remain calm.
57) 7) dialog: I seem to be missing pages 1-0-7 to 1-1-2...Yes, I'm sure. And what in blazes is this Chapter Eight? Sigrid keeps cleaning.   Stoic expression.
57) 9) dialog: (On telephone)
57) 10) text: This Chapter Eight isn't mine. It's about hormone replacement for women. Do you think John K. Butzin would write that? Must be from another goddamn book. So what the hell you going to do about this? You, sir, are dealing with a decorated veteran-- a combat veteran--of the United States Army. John waits for an explanation.
57) 11) dialog: Yes. I'll hold. John looks again at his book in disbelief. Then he rememb the camera. Forces a faint smile.
57) 12) dialog: (To camera)
57) 13) text: Minor details. That's all. All that truly matters is that John K. Butzin is finally a published author. But catch Sigrid's expression. She is quiet.     More tha little concerned at what she is hearing.
60) 0) text: The writing group meets. Hannah, Henry, John, William, Al and Colette sit around the living room, pages in front of them. WRITERS AT WORK sign on display. Maureen, trying not to be in the way, goes from writer to writer, carrying a large TRAY OF VEGGIES.
60) 7) text: Writer's block can be very serious, John. John scoffs in disbelief. Maureen offers William some veg He helps himself and checks out Maureen as she moves on t Alan. WILLIAM
60) 28) dialog: Remember, Obert. Complete the mission.
62) 0) text: John sits in his comfortable chair. Sigrid is nearby, at computer. John talks to the camera.
62) 2) dialog: This is a big moment. Roaring Lion has been posted on Amazon.com. Now all books. Your fiction. Your nonfiction. They're ranked on Amazon by sales. Obviously everyone wants to be number one. They say a book is selling well on Amazon if it's in the top 5000. Time to run it up the flag pole. Sigrid? Nervous, Sigrid takes a deep breath and taps away on the computer keys. She waits, focused intently on the screen.
65) 0) text: Full meeting of the writing group, all crammed around the dining table. Henry and Hannah sit apart. A single BOWL OF PRETZELS has been placed before them. Ha reads from her typed pages. Alan, William, Colette, and H hang on her every word. John is half-listening at best, more interested in the MAGAZINE he's thumbing through. William REACHES UNDER THE TABLE and gently squeezes Colet hand. Surprised, she pulls her hand away.
65) 10) text: You got the deal. You got the check. First one to be published. John CLEARS HIS THROAT rather loudly: What about me, butt William ignores him. ALAN
65) 13) text: Yes. Actually, it is really good, but there are a couple things--little things--I'd point out. For example-- JOHN
65) 14) text: Holy Douglas MacArthur -- All eyes on John. Finally holds up magazine to reveal tha he's been reading VARIETY. JOHN (CONT'D)
65) 17) dialog: First-time scribe Hannah Rinaldi, repped by Brian Barkley of SoHo, scores six-figure movie deal. Ink is still fresh, but Barkley boasts keen interest by..." John keeps reading. Various reactions, mostly muted, arou the table. Can Hannah's face turn any redder?
74) 1) dialog: This is going to be a great day for John K. Butzin. Yes, sir. First official book signing. Sigrid holds up a copy of Roaring Lion. The dog on the co has had an image of a lion slapped over it. Sigrid beams with pride.
74) 2) dialog: Ready and raring to go. Of course, it would have been better to do this in an actual bookstore, but, hell, they're dropping faster than Charlie at Dak To. Not to worry. Since Sigrid works at the hardware store, they're going to let her favorite author sign a few books there.
74) 4) dialog: Ja, my Strudel. Many books.
76) 0) text: John sits at his card table in the corner. Alone. A stack books sit piled in front of him. CUSTOMERS walk all aroun ignoring John completely. John tries to stay relaxed, smi and nodding at people, not being too forceful. Sigrid, wearing her little red work vest and glasses, sta off to the side, beaming with pride. She hurries over to cash register, takes the telephone out of her surprised b hand, and jumps on the store's PA SYSTEM, blasting throug the store.
76) 3) text: Attention shoppers. Famous author, Mr. John K. Bootzin, signing new best seller. Up front of store. John K. Bootzin. Also, special today in plumbing department. Ballcocks. Two for one. All customers guaranteed will be satisfied. Ja.
78) 1) dialog: Sorry, Strudel. Seem to be shooting blanks today. John looks past Sigrid. His face brightens. A smiling Ala has arrived, flanked by Colette, Henry and Hannah. Hannah holds a cupcake. Alan has a bottle of champagne and some plastic cups. But there is no touching, no direct interaction, between Colette and Alan.
78) 3) dialog: Hey-Hey. The cavalry's arrived. Look who's here.
78) 9) dialog: Thanks, Obert. Where's the Bukowski wannabe? Awkward silence as the group members exchange puzzled loo
78) 11) dialog: What a turd.     Never liked that punk anyway.
79) 0) text: Sigrid sits alone on the couch as John floats in and out camera, humming to himself, dancing like Fred Astaire. Jo is happy. Sigrid seems more subdued. Marked contrast. John addresses the camera.
79) 1) dialog: Know what the hardware store manager said? He said today was their most successful book signing. Ever.
79) 3) dialog: This was their first book signing? Oh. Think, John.   Think.
79) 4) dialog: Well, John K. Butzin set the bar pretty high for the next writer, let me tell ya. That's right: 1-2-3-4-5- 6-7-8-9-10-11. Eleven books sold. Sigrid clears her throat and flashes ten fingers in the a
79) 5) dialog: Oh, that's right, Strudel. You borrowed one at the store to help prop open the side door. I forgot.
79) 7) dialog: Ten books. But there are now at least ten homes in California where folks have books by Melville. Hemingway. Clancy. And now Butzin. It's a humbling thought. John goes back to his routine. Sigrid offers up a support smile, but she doesn't seem quite as impressed.
81) 0) text: William kicks his CHAIR over. Alan, Colette, John, Henry Hannah sit calmly around the table. Henry and Hannah apar
81) 8) dialog: Oprah?   She's not on TV anymore.
81) 15) dialog: You've got goddamn three pages.
83) 0) text: John is bent over his PRINTER, jiggling the front end, tr to open it. Tapping it on the side. No luck.
83) 1) dialog: Nope. Not going to see Richard whatever-his-name-is. John K. Butzin, author, doesn't need to stand in line anymore. No, sir. This soon- to-be best-selling writer is spending every minute, every dollar, on promoting Roaring Lion. Try as he might, John can't open up his printer. Sigrid appears. Leans in. Effortlessly opens up the printer. Tak the cartridge from John. Snaps it in. Shuts the lid. Done John grunts his thanks.
83) 2) dialog: Strudel, check my sales ranking again. Sigrid steps to the computer and taps a couple keys. Star at the screen.
83) 5) dialog: Wow. Look how far I've moved up already. Sigrid types again. Reads off the screen.
89) 0) text: There. On the discount table up by the cash register lies pile of Roaring Lion books under another handmade SIGN: 5 OFF! Sigrid stares at the pile of unwanted books in quiet contemplation. Heavy sigh. Sigrid glances up. Her boss watches her from the cash register with a certain longing. He smiles. Sigrid return the smile. Back to business. Sigrid pulls a wad of DOLLAR BILLS from her hip pocket. Counts quickly. Then picks up John's book one by one.
90) 0) text: John looks like the proverbial kid in a candy store.   In total shock as he clutches a handful of TWENTIES.
90) 1) dialog: Wow! All the books sold at the hardware store?
90) 3) dialog: Didn't I tell you, Strudel?   Write it and they will read. John can't contain his enthusiasm as he paces the mobile home, his mind racing. Sigrid is more composed.
90) 4) dialog: Get some more copies down there. Maybe do another signing. Yeah. No. Time for a real tour. Fresno. Bakersfield. Stockton. Call a few bookstores. Let 'em know John K. Butzin is coming. Lock and load.
98) 0) text: Sigrid's Wall of America has been taken down. A few nail holes and tape marks are all that remain--except for the single PHOTO of John still hanging in the center.
99) 0) text: Back to the two lawn chairs--with one prime difference. Sigrid's chair is empty. John sits by himself. This is a softer, more reflective, John talking to the camera.
99) 1) dialog: Well, Strudel shipped out. A side glance to the empty chair.
99) 2) dialog: Oh, she wanted to stay, but... I didn't have time for a relationship. Not with my book selling like it is. She, well, she became collateral damage. Hated to end it. What a dame. I mean...Sigrid. She had the smarts of my first wife. The body of my second wife. Thank god she wasn't anything like my third wife. I did the right thing. Yes, sir. Good acting, John. He looks back to the empty chair. Can' avoid reaching over and giving the arm rest a little love tap.
100) 0) text: John packs COPIES OF HIS BOOK ever-so-carefully into an o standard issue military DUFFEL BAG.
100) 1) dialog: What matters now is that the Roaring Lion book tour is about to begin. Can't wait to hit the road and meet the good people of this nation. Good American people. John gazes over at his photo on the wall. Salutes himself
101) 0) text: Meeting of the writing group. Not yet started. John, Alan and Hannah sit around the table. No refreshments being served. No small talk. Everyone is quiet. Hannah looks fantastic. More makeup. Nicer clothes. Fidge in her chair. Seems anxious. Stares at her new KINDLE. FRONT DOOR opens and closes. FOOTSTEPS approaching. It's Henry. Looks determined. Man on a mission. Carries a satc
101) 5) text: Way to go, Henry. Even Hannah looks surprised. She and Alan thumb through t copies. John sniffs at the front page. Henry slides in ac from Hannah. Looks satisfied. FRONT DOOR opens again. MOR FOOTSTEPS. Colette arrives with Dr. Xiroman in tow. Xirom The others exchange puzzled glances.
101) 6) dialog: Christ.   What's he doing here? COLETTE
101) 32) text: No, this is what it's all about. The spotlight always has to be on Little Miss Sunshine. Her agent. Her book deal. Her movie deal. John shoots to his feet. JOHN
101) 33) text: News flash for you all. John K. Butzin is also saying Sayonara. Heading off on my international book tour. HENRY
101) 34) text: International? JOHN
101) 35) text: Damn straight. Tijuana. (Beat) I'm done with you pussies. John snatches up his folder and marches out of the house. Silence. Colette starts to sit down at the table--motions for Xiroman to join her. Final straw for Alan. Stares directly at Colette.
108) 1) dialog: After a very successful book tour, John K. Butzin heard the Grand Canyon State calling. This is home now.
109) 0) text: John's trailer. COSTUMED CHILDREN knock on the door while holding their trick or treat bags.
109) 1) dialog: Real God-fearing Americans live here. Good people. Not those La La pussies. John opens the front door.
109) 3) dialog: Look at this treat you get. A copy of Roaring Lion by John K. Butzin. Happy Halloween. The children are dumbfounded. John moves on to the next c