91) 0) text: The small reception area for The Lois Piper Agency. Taste decorated. PHONES constantly chirping. The young MALE ASSISTANT behind the counter, obviously pa to be patient, points to the framed sign on the counter, large letters: NO UNSOLICITED MANUSCRIPTS WILL BE ACCEPTE Colette and Dr. Xiroman will not be deterred. She holds a thick MANILA ENVELOPE.
91) 4) text: I'm a graduate of Mills College. Behind them, coming from the inner office, we hear LOIS P YELLING.
91) 5) dialog: If I have to read one more vampire story, I swear I'll drive a stake through my own goddamn heart. MANUSCRIPT comes flying out of her office. Loose pages splatter everywhere in the main office. Lois Piper quickl follows. Older. Tired. Needs a drink. Now.
91) 8) dialog: Vampires! Zombies! Harry Potter knock-offs! People writing about their dogs! Just shoot me now! It is at that moment when Lois first notices the camera. Caught off-guard. What the hell??? Colette cranes her nec over the assistant.
91) 10) dialog: Dr. Xiroman. I can't believe you're here. How lovely to see you again. Dr. Xiroman nods his head in greeting.
91) 11) dialog: Just in the neighborhood? Please come in for a minute. Another glance at the camera. Then, taking Dr. Xiroman by the elbow, Lois guides him back towards her office, compl snubbing a bewildered Colette.
91) 12) dialog: My family talks about you all the time. You were so helpful to my sister. She's doing much better. Colette stands there helplessly, watching her future walk away. The assistant points in their direction: Get in the
92) 0) text: Lois plops down behind her desk. Stacks of MANUSCRIPTS co her desk. Dr. Xiroman sits quietly in one chair. Colette sits next to him.
92) 1) dialog: (Sighing; Distraught)
92) 4) text: Know what I feel like doing? She looks at the camera. LOIS (CONT'D)
92) 5) text: Come in closer. I want you to get this. Closer. C'mon. More. Closer. Satisfied, Lois takes her free hand and SHOVES ALL THE MANUSCRIPTS off her desk, sending them flying on the floo
92) 6) dialog: Wheeeeee! Colette looks aghast.   Lois seems free at last. LOIS (CONT'D)
92) 7) text: That was so...liberating. I haven't felt this good since that night in Paris with Salman Rushdie. Lois growls like a tiger at the memory. LOIS (CONT'D)
92) 8) text: I envy you, Dr. Xiroman. Know that? Look at your life. Your work. You helped my sister. You've helped so many people. You have such a positive message to share. The camera picks up on Lois as the light goes on, the whe start turning in her head. LOIS (CONT'D)
92) 10) text: (Confused) What? LOIS
92) 14) dialog: --It's perfect! Television. Your own blog. Personal appearances.
92) 16) dialog: Getting from Xiro to One by Doctor Xiroman. Oh, I like that.
92) 18) dialog: --In fact, as long as you're here today, why don't we just get you under contract? I know just who to call in New York.
93) 0) text: Dr. Xiroman beams as he signs the standard agency contrac so quickly drawn up for him. Lois and her Assistant appea equally excited. COLETTE fidgets off to the side. Then Lois hands her the and points her towards the contract.
94) 0) text: Lois and the Assistant wave goodbye as Colette and Dr. Xiroman leave.
101) 9) text: I am not joking. And, as a matter of fact, I'll have all of you know that the doctor and I are soon to be published authors. We've signed with The Lois Piper Agency. Colette stands there, waiting for the applause and congratulations, but all she receives is stunned silence. HENRY