17) 0) text: Hannah continues talking to the camera.   Maureen still i background.
17) 2) dialog: She's a natural.
17) 5) dialog: Metaphor.
19) 4) dialog: Jane Austen.
29) 7) text: Maureen. Is Maureen OK? WILLIAM
36) 0) text: Plopped down in her rocking chair, Hannah talks to someon O.S. Maureen goes about her day in the background.
36) 4) text: Certain things I've learned to avoid. Black cats. Cracked mirrors. Oh. And the number 13 especially. I hate the number 13. Hate it. Conversation interrupted by RINGING DOORBELL. Hannah frow at the interruption as Maureen scurries to the door and o it, revealing Colette hiding behind a HUGE GIFT BASKET. S breezes in. Takes over. Over the top. COLETTE
36) 11) text: (Reading) "For Poodles...Now may we have sex again? Love, Alan." What? Embarrassed, Colette snatches the card from Maureen Hannah is more focused on the gift. Doesn't really hear. HANNAH
36) 24) dialog: Colette Mooney. My, that woman is something else. A light goes off in Hannah's head.
43) 0) text: Hannah and Maureen watch with interest and obvious appreciation as Henry, dutifully wearing his uniform, cle their living room carpet. Open PIZZA STARZ ГЌBOX on the breakfast bar. Looks like H has brought dinner, as well. Hannah's iPhone goes off. As courtesy, Henry stops the machine.
43) 2) text: Hello? Yes. Oh, hi, Brian. (LISTENING) Really? (LISTENING) Oh my god! Oh my god! Oh my god! Hannah starts jumping up and down like a little girl whil Maureen and Henry look on in bewildered anticipation.
43) 5) dialog: What's he saying?
43) 9) text: Brian sold Sleeping on the Moon! Now Maureen starts jumping up and down. Henry can't hide surprise.
43) 10) dialog: Oh my god!   Oh my god!
43) 15) dialog: I'm so proud of you, dear!
60) 0) text: The writing group meets. Hannah, Henry, John, William, Al and Colette sit around the living room, pages in front of them. WRITERS AT WORK sign on display. Maureen, trying not to be in the way, goes from writer to writer, carrying a large TRAY OF VEGGIES.
60) 7) text: Writer's block can be very serious, John. John scoffs in disbelief. Maureen offers William some veg He helps himself and checks out Maureen as she moves on t Alan. WILLIAM
63) 0) text: Hannah plops in her chair, upscale SHOPPING BAGS at her f Maureen hovers in the background.
63) 3) dialog: Conundrum.
102) 0) text: Hannah's book release party. Great turnout. Her professio PHOTO adorns a POSTER announcing the publication of Sleep on the Moon. Boy, Hannah looks terrific in that photo. Richard hovers around the makeshift bar, drink in hand. Maureen, looking radiant, accepts the congratulations of well-wishers. TABLE prominently centered has piles of Han novel, waiting to be signed. Hannah talks to the camera, looking especially radiant. T is her day and she is more than ready for her close-up. Totally different in wardrobe and appearance.
103) 0) text: Hannah sits behind the table, signing books. Maureen stan behind her helping to orchestrate the line of people. Hannah acts very gracious. Signing a book, smiling and chatting up the guests. She seems at ease. Everything is going her way. She looks past the line. Her eyes light up and she jumps to her feet.
103) 7) text: Well, pretty hard to miss that article about you in People magazine. Just wanted to say hi. And congratulations. Maureen comes up behind Hannah. Beams at Henry, and waves MAUREEN