82) 0) text: Large bookstore. Long line. Why? Because Richard Benedict is in the building, doing a signing of his new novel The Pineapple Man. Hannah, Henry, Alan, and Colette stand in line together, waiting. Colette is holding one copy of the BOOK. Hannah has one. Henry has one. Alan reaches inside his coat pocket for his RECORDER. Sna it on.
84) 5) text: Pleasure to meet you. No. Honor to meet you. He She They is my favorite novel. Closer...Closer...Closer they get to the table. Richard s away. Henry seems transfixed by him. Now it's his turn to have his book signed.
84) 7) dialog: (On phone)
84) 8) text: What?! Henry stands there, unable to move, staring at Richard wh he speaks on the phone.
84) 12) text: Sir? We need to keep the line moving. Sir? Alan intervenes. He takes Henry's copy of the novel and s it over to Benedict. Benedict scribbles his name quickly slides it back with no eye contact, yelling on the phone. RICHARD
84) 14) text: We need to move, Henry. Alan and Colette slide their book over to Richard. COLETTE
84) 15) text: Hi there. Richard looks up at her for a split second and decides to ignore her. Another scribbled signature as he remains on the phone. Colette takes the book, trying not to look hurt. Alan gra Henry and they leave the area. Hannah is next up. She put her book down on the table. RICHARD
84) 16) text: (On phone) Damn it! That simply won't-- Richard glances up. Sees Hannah standing there. He stops mid-sentence. Smiles. RICHARD (CONT'D)
84) 18) text: Hello. Richard hangs up the phone. The two start chatting. Camera goes over to the shell-sho Henry, still clutching his book, watching as Hannah and Richard carry on. Henry is so disconcerted by what he see that he fails to notice Eudora, still with purple hair an matching glasses, the very next person in line behind Han waving at him.
85) 13) text: Hello? Who? Richard? Oh. Richard. Hi.
85) 16) text: (On telephone) Coffee? Oh, God. I don't know, Richard. I really appreciate the invitation, but-- She listens. Her face is anguished. Finally -- HANNAH (CONT'D)
85) 23) text: No. This isn't fair. And now Richard Benedict wants to have coffee with you? All this is happening to you. And only you. Isn't there anything -- I don't know--some kind of cosmic creative crumb for the rest of us to nibble on? HANNAH
96) 0) text: Henry stands in the doorway, glumly clutching the PIZZA B Hesitates. Finally rings doorbell. Pause. Followed by LOU LAUGHTER. Door swings open. Richard stands there, wearing only his jeans. His hair is a mess.
96) 1) dialog: You're late, Pizza Boy. Richard finally notices the camera.
96) 2) dialog: What the --
96) 4) text: They're with me. Your total comes to nineteen dollars and sixty-five cents. Richard pulls a crumpled twenty from his jean pocket. He hands it to Henry. Then reconsiders, calling inside.
96) 5) dialog: Babe, I need a single. No response.
96) 6) dialog: C'mon, babe. Got a dollar for Pizza Boy?
101) 27) text: It's time. Richard is going to mentor me. Today's the 22nd. Two plus two equals four and we all know four's... Her voice trails off.    Why bother explaining.   Just do HANNAH (CONT'D)
102) 0) text: Hannah's book release party. Great turnout. Her professio PHOTO adorns a POSTER announcing the publication of Sleep on the Moon. Boy, Hannah looks terrific in that photo. Richard hovers around the makeshift bar, drink in hand. Maureen, looking radiant, accepts the congratulations of well-wishers. TABLE prominently centered has piles of Han novel, waiting to be signed. Hannah talks to the camera, looking especially radiant. T is her day and she is more than ready for her close-up. Totally different in wardrobe and appearance.
103) 22) text: Do you want to say hello to Richard? HENRY