39) 3) dialog: Germany.
40) 0) text: Watch Sigrid work. Hard. Uber hard. Stocking shelves. Run cash register. Consulting HER BOSS -- an older man. Assisting customers. Moving boxes. Always wearing a red employee vest. She does speak with a thick accent. Sincer if naive.
40) 1) dialog: (Starts speaking German. Stops. In English)
41) 0) text: Sigrid stands next to a wall display. Everything and anyt to do with the U.S. is hanging on this wall: Magazine cov of Obama. A U.S. flag. Burger King logo. Photo of Jay Len
41) 2) dialog: This my 'Wall of America' tribute, yes? To my new country. And in the center, of course, the three men I admire most in America. First we see the FRAMED PHOTO of a certain business mogul
41) 3) dialog: Herr Trump.    Very rich. Very famous. Very sexy. Then we move on to the second PHOTO of a certain TV celeb
41) 4) dialog: Herr Simon Cowell. Very rich. Very famous. Very sexy. Move on to the third PHOTO.     Hey, we know this person:
41) 5) dialog: Ja. My special guy. Herr Bootzin. About to become very rich. Very famous. Already very sexy. (Beat)
41) 6) text: Then maybe Sigrid Hagenguth becomes Mrs. John K. Bootzin, ja?
44) 4) dialog: Yoo-hoo. Mr. Published-Author-to-Be. Sigrid would like you to come in for personal, private autograph. Please. Please. John gulps. Then he remembers the camera.    Makes a "cut motion with his finger across the neck.
57) 2) text: Yes. I'm still holding. Where are you again? New Dehli? Oh. John stares at his book, shaking his head. Waits for a fe seconds. Sigrid is in the background, doing light housekeeping, tr not to listen, but obviously can't avoid it.
57) 13) text: Minor details. That's all. All that truly matters is that John K. Butzin is finally a published author. But catch Sigrid's expression. She is quiet.     More tha little concerned at what she is hearing.
62) 0) text: John sits in his comfortable chair. Sigrid is nearby, at computer. John talks to the camera.
62) 3) dialog: (Reading slowly aloud)
62) 5) dialog: Tom Clancy.    32. John discovers a new interest in the ceiling.
74) 0) text: Sitting outside in the cheap lawn chairs with Sigrid, Joh addresses the camera. He cleans up pretty good.
74) 3) dialog: More than a few books. Many, many books, Ja?
76) 0) text: John sits at his card table in the corner. Alone. A stack books sit piled in front of him. CUSTOMERS walk all aroun ignoring John completely. John tries to stay relaxed, smi and nodding at people, not being too forceful. Sigrid, wearing her little red work vest and glasses, sta off to the side, beaming with pride. She hurries over to cash register, takes the telephone out of her surprised b hand, and jumps on the store's PA SYSTEM, blasting throug the store.
76) 2) dialog: (On PA system)
78) 0) text: Still no takers.    Sigrid comes over to console him.
78) 4) dialog: Hello, everyone!
78) 16) dialog: International edition! John nods convincingly in agreement.
79) 0) text: Sigrid sits alone on the couch as John floats in and out camera, humming to himself, dancing like Fred Astaire. Jo is happy. Sigrid seems more subdued. Marked contrast. John addresses the camera.
79) 6) dialog: Ja...
83) 3) dialog: (Reading out loud)
83) 6) dialog: John Grisham. 12. Forget about John for the moment. Watch Sigrid as her eye dart around--from the screen, to John in the chair, out t window. Back again. This is the moment. Sigrid gets it now: John K. Butzin is not the author he pretends to be. Very quiet in the mobile home.
89) 0) text: There. On the discount table up by the cash register lies pile of Roaring Lion books under another handmade SIGN: 5 OFF! Sigrid stares at the pile of unwanted books in quiet contemplation. Heavy sigh. Sigrid glances up. Her boss watches her from the cash register with a certain longing. He smiles. Sigrid return the smile. Back to business. Sigrid pulls a wad of DOLLAR BILLS from her hip pocket. Counts quickly. Then picks up John's book one by one.
90) 2) dialog: Ja.   Every one. John claps his hands together. There is a certain spring his feet.
90) 6) dialog: Bye.   Bye.
98) 0) text: Sigrid's Wall of America has been taken down. A few nail holes and tape marks are all that remain--except for the single PHOTO of John still hanging in the center.
99) 0) text: Back to the two lawn chairs--with one prime difference. Sigrid's chair is empty. John sits by himself. This is a softer, more reflective, John talking to the camera.