10) 0) text: Henry, John, Alan, Colette, Hannah, and William sit aroun the table. Impressive buffet of cold cuts, cheeses, and shrimp has been set out.
10) 12) text: No. It's not OK. I still can't explain Natasha's motive. What's the use? I'm not a writer. William to the rescue. WILLIAM
11) 0) text: Later that evening.    Meeting is over. Alan, Colette, Hannah, Henry, William, and John are all standing up now. William stretches. John reaches for more shrimp. Friendly banter. Laughter.
11) 2) dialog: Lend me ten bucks? I'm having cash flow issues.
11) 4) dialog: Thanks, bro'. You're the best.
16) 0) text: William favors jeans and faded tweed jacket. Sits in the corner of a Valley restaurant, nursing a cup of coffee an talks to the camera.
16) 1) dialog: What do you want to know about me? I'm 27. Single. A virgin. He flashes that wicked, seductive smile.
16) 3) dialog: Just kidding. I'm actually 28. Hometown is Modesto, California, A sprawling junk heap of a town without a soul. Why did I come to LA? Um, because I knew you were here and that you'd loan me a hundred bucks if I needed it. Right? WAITRESS #1 refills his coffee cup. Her reward is that sm
16) 4) dialog: Thanks, babe. She walks away.   William admires the view.
16) 5) dialog: I already got her number. Maybe I'll text her. Maybe I won't. Eyes back towards the camera.
16) 6) dialog: So 'bout that hundred bucks? What d'ya think? A hint of desperation in his voice.
16) 7) dialog: OK. What about fifty? C'mon, bro'. Support the arts.
18) 0) text: William continues talking to the camera.
18) 1) dialog: So. LA? I'm here because of Bukowski. Charles Bukowski. Greatest writer ever. Period. INSERT ARCHIVAL PHOTOS of Charles Bukowski.
18) 2) dialog: LA is his town, man. If I'm gonna be a writer, then I have to walk in Bukowski's shoes. Experience and capture the plight of the working class. He waves to WAITRESS #1.
18) 3) dialog: I like the people in the group. But they can't write worth shit. But, man, Hannah is something. She's the only reason I keep going. Not because I'm learning anything. Hell, no. I just think she's hot.
28) 0) text: Place is empty. Alan, Colette, William, John, and Henry gather around the center table. The WRITERS AT WORK poster is propped up against a nearby empty chair. Hard not to notice the EMPTY CHAIR at the ta Hannah is missing. Waitress #1 pours coffee all around. Henry fidgets in his chair, focused on the empty chair.
28) 3) dialog: This is my place. Close to the working people. John rolls his eyes.
28) 7) dialog: Let's go, people. I'm ready to read.
28) 11) dialog: Nope, they're different.
28) 13) dialog: They're different. I changed a word.
28) 16) dialog: Writing is rewriting, Colette. Bukowski said, "Write five words. Rewrite seven."
28) 19) dialog: It's my creative vision, John.
28) 21) text: Which we are here to support. This is William's decision.
28) 22) dialog: Let me just read. See if you can pick out the word. Tell me if it's better, or worse.
29) 7) text: Maureen. Is Maureen OK? WILLIAM
29) 8) text: People. C'mon. Look at her. That glow. Hannah met a guy. She got laid. Hannah gives William a playful smack on the back. HANNAH
29) 9) text: As a matter of fact, I did meet a guy. WILLIAM
29) 16) dialog: Bet Brian wants more than that. Playful smack from Colette to William on the shoulder: Be
30) 0) text: Colette, Alan, John, William and Henry encircle a beaming Hannah as Waitress #1 snaps their PHOTO.
31) 0) text: Alan pops the drugstore CHAMPAGNE and pours into the chea plastic cups, as Colette passes them around to Hannah, He John, and William.
31) 9) dialog: (Lower voice)
31) 12) dialog: Thanks, bro'. You're the best. Henry's eyes can't leave Hannah.
32) 0) text: The front door to the restaurant swings open and the writ group members tumble out into the evening. Alan carries h WRITERS AT WORK sign. William makes a move towards Hannah, but the the ever- protective Henry grabs her gently by her elbow, cutting William off. They start walking in one direction. William and John head out in the other. Meanwhile, Alan and Colet wave enthusiastically to Hannah.
38) 1) dialog: A writer has to hear everything. On the streets. In the restaurants. But something's amiss. Customer #1 stops abruptly, glanci at the table next to them: William has suddenly materiali Sitting with a cup of coffee and a legal pad, scribbling.
38) 2) dialog: My dialogue has to be real so I'm everywhere. Standing behind you at the checkout stand.
38) 4) text: Peeing next to you at the urinal. I watch. I listen. Customer #1 says something to Customer #2. Looks back at William. His head is still cocked as he makes notes. WILLIAM (V.O.) (CONT'D)
38) 5) text: Writing down scraps of conversation. Customer #1 grows more agitated. Customer #2 tries to cal her down. Finally, Customer #1 shoots up and marches over to William, her finger jabbing in the air towards the notebook. William shrugs, playing dumb. WILLIAM (V.O.) (CONT'D)
38) 6) text: That's right. I eavesdrop. Customer #1 reaches down and grabs the notebook from Will He tries to stop her, but too late. WILLIAM (V.O.) (CONT'D)
38) 7) text: How else do you accurately capture the misery of the human condition? She reads the page and shows it to Cutomer #2 who reads t notes and is equally shocked. WILLIAM (V.O.) (CONT'D)
38) 8) text: Now Bukowski says "An intellectual says a simple thing in a hard way." The two women start yelling at William. He keeps shaking head. Customer #1 tears the page into shreds.
38) 9) dialog: "An artist says a hard thing in a simple way." Waitress #2 comes over. The women talk to her and she sta yelling at William. Customer #1 poking her finger in his chest. Escalates to a push. The COOK comes out and starts yelling at William. WILLIAM (V.O.) (CONT'D)
38) 10) text: Gotta love it. That's me. Simple. Real. Surrounded by yelling people, William breaks through the circle and moves towards the door. The BUS BOY yells, too
38) 12) dialog: Powerful.   An artist.
45) 0) text: Henry's turn to host the group meeting. Alan, William, Colette, and John share the lumpy couch and the folding m chairs. Open PIZZA STARZ BOXES in the background. Everyone is enjoying a single slice of pizza off a paper plate--except for John, who is inhaling two pieces at onc The mood is somber. Quiet.
45) 1) dialog: Hannah's just lucky. That's all. John tries to agree, but his mouth is too stuffed with pi Cheap FLOWERS from Ralph's and BALLOONS in full display o the coffee table. Henry stands--listening--by the front door.
45) 5) text: Way to go, Ms. Published Author! Everyone gets a hug from Hannah. William gives Hannah an extra long hug. ALAN
45) 12) text: Don't ask her that. WILLIAM
46) 0) text: The meeting gets down to business. Alan, Colette, Henry, William and Hannah, wearing her new glasses, listen as Jo reads from Roaring Lion.
46) 8) text: I don't want to hear from everybody. She has a book coming out. John K. Butzin has a book coming out. I want to hear from Hannah, author to author. WILLIAM
46) 14) text: (Standing up) Going outside for a smoke. William thunders away from the group. Colette watches him go. COLETTE
46) 15) text: I'll go talk to him. Colette follows, calling after William.
48) 0) text: THREE YOUNG MEN in the corner booth. Jeans and baseball c Very animated conversation. Loud, punctuated by laughter. They think they're the only people in the joint. The WAIT EUDORA (20's)--with the purple streaks in her hair and matching purple glasses, refills their cups. William sits alone at the counter, impossible to hide his disdain. He talks to the camera with the three men in the background.
48) 1) dialog: See those jokers back there?
48) 4) dialog: They "write" for TV. Town's full of them. Creative vultures. Anything for a paycheck. Fade in. Fade out. C.S.I. 24. Who Wants to Suck My -- William scoffs as the disdain drips from his mouth.
48) 5) dialog: Gimme a break. Television. Telecrap. They've sold their souls to the devil. For what? A house in Malibu? A tennis court? William glances over his shoulder, shaking his head in disgust. Another table catches his eye. TWO ATTRACTIVE WO engage in friendly banter over coffee. William stares the down, making friendly eye contact. The woman facing him returns eye contact. She smiles.   W smiles, watching them as he continues.
48) 6) dialog: That will never be me. I will never compromise my vision for financial gain. I'd rather borrow money from friends than sell out for a quick dollar. The two women stand up. William is stoked. This is too ea But the women instead go to the three TV writers. Immedia invited to sit down with them. William can't believe it.   What the...
60) 0) text: The writing group meets. Hannah, Henry, John, William, Al and Colette sit around the living room, pages in front of them. WRITERS AT WORK sign on display. Maureen, trying not to be in the way, goes from writer to writer, carrying a large TRAY OF VEGGIES.
60) 7) text: Writer's block can be very serious, John. John scoffs in disbelief. Maureen offers William some veg He helps himself and checks out Maureen as she moves on t Alan. WILLIAM
60) 15) dialog: Nah.    Don't buy it. JOHN
60) 24) dialog: Exactly. HANNAH
61) 0) text: Meeting over. Writing group starts breaking up. William leans in close by Hannah.
61) 1) dialog: (Lowered voice)
61) 2) text: Got a sec? William motions Hannah over to the corner of the living r away from the others. She follows, looking puzzled. Henry watches with curiosity. William starts speaking to Hannah hushed tones, trying not to let anyone else overhear the conversation.
61) 5) dialog: Hey, I just figured, you know. You got that big advance. Help out a fellow writer. I'm good for it, Hannah.
61) 7) dialog: OK, then, just give it to me. Henry makes a point of moving in and standing directly by Hannah, staring William down. Henry and Hannah make eye contact. Henry looks to her: Are we OK? Hannah looks away Colette comes up next to William.
65) 0) text: Full meeting of the writing group, all crammed around the dining table. Henry and Hannah sit apart. A single BOWL OF PRETZELS has been placed before them. Ha reads from her typed pages. Alan, William, Colette, and H hang on her every word. John is half-listening at best, more interested in the MAGAZINE he's thumbing through. William REACHES UNDER THE TABLE and gently squeezes Colet hand. Surprised, she pulls her hand away.
65) 2) text: "Please come home, Michael." "Why would you want to marry me, Kyra? I barely graduated high school." "Michael, I don't care about some silly college degree. You're the most intelligent person I've ever known. You are my shining star." Then Colette puts it back and squeezes William's hand. It his turn to be surprised. Hannah slides off her new reading glasses, waiting for so to react. The room falls silent. Alan steps in.
65) 9) text: Of course you are, Hannah. WILLIAM
65) 10) text: You got the deal. You got the check. First one to be published. John CLEARS HIS THROAT rather loudly: What about me, butt William ignores him. ALAN
67) 0) text: Alan sails through the front door. His smile disappears. William is plopped on the living room couch. Shirt half unbuttoned. Smoking. He freezes mid-puff.
67) 3) dialog: Hey.   Alan. SOUND OF SHOWER AND COLETTE SINGING OFF-KEY echoes throug the house. Alan turns quiet as he makes the connection.
67) 4) dialog: Just, um. Just stopped by to...read some pages for Colette. Yeah. There are no pages on the coffee table in front of Willia
81) 0) text: William kicks his CHAIR over. Alan, Colette, John, Henry Hannah sit calmly around the table. Henry and Hannah apar
81) 2) dialog: Fine. I was going to quit anyway. Leave this bunch of losers. William makes eye contact with Colette: You too? She look away: Sorry. Only fuels William more. He points to Alan.
81) 3) dialog: Christ. You and your stupid recorder. And your stupid ideas. And your stupid character names. William clenches his fist and pretends it's a microphone.
81) 4) dialog: Name for character. Bobby Blow Me. Gimme a break. Alan sits stone-faced.    William turns to John.
81) 5) dialog: And G.I. Joe over here with that piece-of-crap, self-published tripe. Who are you kidding? Flustered, John starts to stand up.    Alan grabs John's pulls him back down.
81) 7) dialog: Colette, Colette, my pet. News Flash for you: Oprah's not calling--unless she needs a massage. Get real!
81) 11) dialog: The great Henry O. Man, you got the gift, bro'. But your head is up your ass over poor, sweet, successful Hannah here. Hannah and Henry avoid looking at each other as William s at Hannah.
81) 12) dialog: Hannah. Hannah. Hannah. We could have been so hot together. I'm just as good a writer as you are, but you sure look better in a skirt --
81) 14) dialog: I don't need any of you. I don't need any of your pointless, pedestrian feedback. I'm a writer.
81) 16) dialog: They're a great three pages! You just don't appreciate my dedication.
81) 19) dialog: I don't do the work? Man, that sounds frickin' hilarious coming from you. When's the last time you wrote anything? That hits a nerve. William and Henry stare each other dow Enough. William flips off the group with his middle finge Mumbling, grumbling under his breath, he starts to leave. Pauses at the WRITERS AT WORK sign. Picks it up.
101) 11) text: Why not? With William gone, we have an opening. ALAN
110) 0) text: William is back at the counter, looking as scruffy as eve Off to the side stands a GEEKY KID, gripping a FLIP PHONE aimed directly at William. William talks to our camera.
110) 1) dialog: C'mon. Admit it. You missed me. It wasn't as interesting once I left, right?
110) 3) dialog: I knew the group wouldn't last without me. No way. Losers.
110) 5) dialog: Him? Oh. It's my new project. A reality TV show based on my life. You know...women I meet...thoughts that pop into my head. Kid follows me all around. 24/7. Actually I got the idea from you guys. Same concept-- just better characters.
110) 7) dialog: Which network? Um, well...it's a...it's P-P-A...Pasadena Public Access. Oh, people watch. Yeah. We're on right after that pet psychic.
110) 8) text: A waitress's HAND reaches in and refills William's coffee cup. He likes what he sees.
110) 9) dialog: Thanks, babe.
110) 11) dialog: Get a close-up on her. Nice and tight.
110) 12) text: William will never change.
110) 13) dialog: And, hey, Kid. Lend me five bucks. I want to leave an extra special tip.