10) 0) text: The door that KIRSTY opens gives directly on to a room. Like the SITTING ROOM earlier this appears to be an ordin and not a stone wall chamber. It's wall-papered walls were once white but are now yello old. Overhead there is an equally ancient four bladed woo that turns sluggishly. In the middle of the floor is a small low table of vaguel Eastern design. On this table lie a hand of cards, face down, an empty an tumbler, and a soiled ashtray. Over by the far wall (the wall opposite to that containin door) there is a mattress on the floor. A body like shape mattress is obscured by a heavy blanket that covers it. To the side of the mattress a latticed wooden screen stan hiding whatever is behind it from those entering the room atmosphere of the room reminds us of anything it is of t bazaar where FRANK first bought the LAMENT CONFIGURATION. We are looking at the door as it opens inwards and KIRSTY and nervously walks into the room. KIRSTY advances into the room. She stares at the mattress of her. Above it written in blood on the wall, is the mes saw in her vision. I AM IN HELL:HELP ME.
10) 6) dialog: That's it, baby. Come to Daddy. KIRSTY stands still. There is a second where her face reg nothing. Then she screams.
10) 8) dialog: What's the matter, Kirsty? It's only Frank. It's only Uncle Frank. KIRSTY's anger at being tricked wins over her fear and di and she shouts at FRANK in fury.
10) 10) dialog: Oh, right. Daddy's died and gone to heaven, eh?
10) 12) dialog: Shit. Bull. Shit FRANK pauses and smiles. Then he begins to move more full the room, shifting his weight as he does so and dragging hidden into the light. KIRSTY screams again. FRANK's white shirt is cut off at the left shoulder. His bare and, from the elbow down to the wrist, joined to ano forearm. The flesh is completely fused, like that of siam twins. As FRANK moves into the room, the owner of the oth is revealed. It is his brother, LARRY. KIRSTY's father. LARRY, like his brother, is dressed in a white shirt (cut one shoulder) and jeans and, like his brother, has his sk His face is frozen into a permanent expression of terror seems incapable of any independent movement, simply being along by FRANK. KIRSTY steps back in horror.
10) 13) dialog: See? He's here. You should le to believe your Uncle Frank.
10) 15) dialog: 'rraid not, baby. He belongs With me. We're the same. Brot. Equal and opposite. Pure appe Pure banality. Too much feeli None at all. KIRSTY's fear of FRANK is now outweighed by her argument.
10) 18) dialog: Don't waste your tears. Look at him! Her hatred for FRANK gives KIRSTY her strength
10) 20) dialog: Ah, Julia. She hasn't been to see me recently. That's why it's so nice to have you here, baby. Daddy's little gi So pretty when she's upset. C to Daddy, FRANK is very close to her, now. KIRSTY attempt arn here. hers. tite. ng. contempt for his tton. 1. He back. Y dragging behind rl. ome s to run across the room. FRANK siezes her arm and throws her back again wall. He moves in close and presses against her. His voic midway between arousal and anger.
10) 21) dialog: Now don't be naughty, Kirsty. or I'll have to punish you first. Perhaps you'd like that. Would you like that? KIRSTY screams and stares pleadingly, at the still frozen
10) 23) dialog: I'm your Daddy now, Kirsty. FRANK leans in to kiss the terrified KIRSTY. Suddenly, a hand appears at FRANK's throat and hurls him KIRSTY. It is LARRY, roused by his daughter's cries.
12) 0) text: LARRY and FRANK are fighting furiously, tumbling around t room. LARRY is fuelled by righteous anger and revenge but has had more experience of dirty fighting. At one stage their free hands each have hold of the other the throat and are rolling along one of the walls, each t establish the dominant grip. They smash violently against one of the walls in the room gives and they fall through into the next room.
13) 1) dialog: How convenient. KIRSTY comes through and gasps as she sees the walls.
13) 3) dialog: Yes. Stay there. I'll be with you in a minute. LARRY and FRANK trade blows. FRANK lands a powerful blow to LARRY's jaw. It straighten up and FRANK slams the flat of his hand against his broth LARRY flies backwards. He flings out his arm to balance himself but he is nearer to the wall than he thinks and t impetus of his fall drives his arm onto the knives. LARRY cries out. FRANK grins and prepares to force his wo brother completely onto the knives. Suddenly KIRSTY flies across the room at FRANK and beats back with her fists. FRANK snarls and, without turning around completely, flin away from him. KIRSTY goes flying but lands just safely s the deadly walls. LARRY, in the pause KIRSTY gave him and galvanized by her has found more strength. He pulls his arm painfully forwa of the knives, and throws himself to the side, forcing FR the knives. With a vicious push, LARRY impales his brothe completely. FRANK howls, loud and long. Without pausing, LARRY pulls a knife free from the wall a one vicious slice, separates himself from his brother. LARRY rushes to KIRSTY and helps her to her feet. They em There is a cry of horror off-camera. We pull out. TIFFANY followed her friend. She stares in shock at LARRY's wound and at the impaled FRANK.
14) 0) text: JULIA is being given more glimpses of the transforming MA The major surgery seems to be complete. There are no spin blades of needles in sight as the gashes open. MALAHIDE's completely bald and his face, like the rest of his skin i The only new sophistications are that his upper and lower have been stretched wide and stapled to his face and fore and that a new mouth has been sliced into what was his ch before his features were pulled permanently to one side. Over the sound of LEVIATHAN's breath and the CENOBITE machinery still at work on MALAHIDE, FRANK's howl is hear JULIA's head turns to the direction of this new sound.
15) 0) text: FRANK is still impaled on the knives, but his anguished h Become small whimpers of complaint (with, given his histo the CENOBITES, perhaps the tiniest note of pleasure in th too) KIRSTY, LARRY and TIFFANY are now gathered together to on of the room near the door that leads to the corridor. The leave, but a kind of sick fascination keeps them watching FRANK realises only leverage will pull him free of the kn lifts his forearms up as much as they are free to. He turns his palms to face the knives and, with a growl o encouragement, drives them deeply onto the knives so that begin to push the rest of his impaled body backwards. It takes several seconds and much pain for him to succeed succeed he does. He flops backwards into the room. Several of the knives have stayed in him, rather than th his chest is decorated, or armed, with many blades. Just as FRANK begins to stand, and just as LARRY and the snap out of it and are about to leave, the door from the BELT ROOM opens and JULIA walks into the room. KIRSTY and LARRY gasp. FRANK gives a slow smile.
15) 2) dialog: (delighted/flattered) Julia.
15) 4) dialog: I knew you'd come.
15) 6) dialog: Yes. You're a girl who remembers her promises.
15) 8) dialog: And I know how much I mean to you. Come here. JULIA does not move.
15) 9) dialog: Come here. Kiss me. And then... He glances meaningfully at the others, perhaps stroking a of one of the knives in his chest.
15) 10) dialog: we'll have a real family re-union. Suddenly, surprisingly, LARRY laughs. He is genuinely amu
15) 11) text: Jesus Christ, FRANK. I don't believe you. You don't know her at all do you? You still think you're in charge. JULIA still has not moved.
15) 12) dialog: Of course I am. She BELONGS to me. JULIA begins to cross the room to him.
15) 14) dialog: She's forgiven me that. Haven't you? JULIA is now next to him.
15) 16) dialog: Show them. JULIA glances at the knives. FRANK shrugs.
15) 17) dialog: Just a small inconvenience, babe. JULIA shifts position so she is standing behind him. She her arms around him, one stroking his belly, the other ac shoulders. FRANK leans his head back and twists it slight They kiss. JULIA removes her arm from his stomach and slips it behin Nothing happens for a second and then, suddenly, FRANK's body spasms. We almost think it may be with pleasure unti breaks from the kiss and we see the confused expression o face - and the blood bubbling at his mouth. There is a ripping, bursting sound and JULIA's hand emerg his chest, covered in his blood. Clutched in her hand is ruptured, still pumping heart.