1) 18) text: KYLE may have heard one or two strange and unpleasant noi BROWNING has not screamed nor JULIA spoken; nothing has p him for what he sees - a skinned woman sucking out what l remains from the dried husk of a psychotic man.
1) 22) dialog: Help me. Her voice is perfect. MALAHIDE stares at her, his fascina intense. He crosses the few yards that separate them. He her, lying beside the hollow shell that was CHEYNEY. Her stare back, brilliant, sparkling, alive.
1) 23) dialog: Help Me. MALAHIDE realises her temporary vulnerability; all the l she has absorbed from BROWNING has made up her body, but take some moments for the strength to return to her. Fascinated and sympathetic as he is however he cannot yet brine himself to touch this creature. Instead he moves th mattress nearer to her, allowing her to crawl back onto i lie down again. MALAHIDE stares down at her. He attempts a smile, but is nervous to make it convincing. He is trembling slightly. contact with the beyond is something he has dreamt of for but nevertheless the physical reality is overwhelming. JULIA treats him to the approximation of a smile. She is nervous. She studies herself. Her figure is fully formed, her woma undeniable. All she is missing is a skin. She stretches h She lifts her legs. She writhes on the bed in pleasure, l ray photograph of a calendar girl. MALAHIDE stares at her, following the sensual movements o body. He swallows, a little embarrassed by his response t naked display he is privileged to watch. JULIA'S eyes twinkle at him.
1) 24) dialog: Don't be embarrassed. You're my friend. She looks away and continues her stretching and wiggling, conscious of it now as an erotic display. The strength has flooded through her body as she rises to feet, and stops off the mattress, smiling at MALAHIDE. MALAHIDE backs away from her as she moves towards him, do best to return her smile. After a few steps, JULIA stops and simply stares into MAL eyes. He too stops and returns the gaze. The camera circl slowly several times, studying them - the dressed, nervou and skinned, confident woman.
1) 25) dialog: Well? MALAHIDE says nothing. Perhaps he swallows nervously. The continues its circling movements. The scene FADES TO BLAC JULIA begins to laugh, small, sensual giggles at first bu finally as the blackness comes into an almost hysterical crescendo of raucous joy.
1) 36) dialog: I'm cold.
1) 39) dialog: Well? MALAHIDE'S nervousness has retreated a little, he manage smile. He nods his head slowly a few times.
1) 41) dialog: Surreal? Strange? Nightmarish?
1) 43) dialog: Yes, I still like WINE She smiles strangely at him and then moves closer. Slowly keeping her eyes on his, she reaches into his breast pock for his packet of cigarettes and places one in her mouth.
1) 44) dialog: and more. For a moment, MALAHIDE's face is stone. Then, slowly, he her smile and, drawing his lighter, lights her cigarette.
1) 47) dialog: Close it. MALAHIDE does so. He understands and tries to console her
1) 49) dialog: I know.
1) 53) text: Well? JULIA walks towards him, slowly raising her hands. When s close enough her hands cup his cheeks. She pulls him towa and, tipping her head to one side, kisses him. Her body m itself to his. She leans her head back. Were they have kissed blood has up onto the bandage from her skinned flesh. It looks like lipstick.
1) 54) dialog: Well? MALAHIDE puts his arms around her waist. They kiss tender Slowly, almost nervously, he lowers his hands until they her buttocks and presses her in towards him. They begin t themselves now, echoing the camera movements. They cross the room, kissing blindly, until they come to against the wall that bears JULIA's bloody palm print. JU twists their bodies so that MALAHIDE is pressed against t and begins to move her hips forcefully and sensually agai MALAHIDE. The camera is stationary now, watching without movement a MALAHIDE begins to raise JULIA's dress up her legs, her h on his wrist, helping and encouraging. About halfway up the thigh, the bandaging disappears and raw flesh is exposed. The kissing and the fumbling continue until they are maki fast and violent love against the wall. His hands clutch tightly at her hips and he pulls his fac from the kissing to loan it on her shoulder so that we se face as it grimaces in ecstasy. He cries out and shudders and slowly both their movements He strokes at her back gently and their bodies relax.
1) 55) dialog: (almost coyly) Now all we need is a skin.
1) 101) dialog: Sssh. I think it's still here.
1) 105) dialog: No. Not now. KYLE swallows, nods, and gently, pushes the door open. He into the room.
1) 107) dialog: Was I right? Is it terrible? KYLE stares all around him. All eight victims have been s dry. He is surrounded by dead husks. His face is ghastly. He looks like he is about to faint. His voice is a cracked whisper.
1) 109) dialog: Oh. You look awful. You poor boy. Come here
1) 110) text: As she speaks, JULIA's arms are opening out to him. KYLE comfort offered and advances towards her, too. As they come together, the camera moves around them and w for the first time, that JULIA is still incomplete; Her e back is still glistening raw flesh, the naked bones of th still clearly visible. Their arms go around each other just as JULIA completes h speech;
1) 111) dialog: +..Come to Mother As KYLE's hands touch the sticky, mucoid meat of her sho it is instantly clear to him what has happened. For a mom freezes in terror. His arms fly from her and he throws his head back. But JU very strong now and her grip does not relax. Kyle's expression is a mixture of terror and confusion as stares into the beautiful face of the monster. JULIA smiles at him, a hungry, aroused smile.
1) 112) dialog: What's your name? KYLE can hardly speak for fear.
1) 114) dialog: I'm JULIA. She raised one hand from his back to the back of his head presses his face to hers. JULIA plays it exactly as a sensual, passionate kiss, her wide open, her head moving rhythmically and sinuously. KYLE's reaction is somewhat different; his arms flail in (though only from the elbow - JULIA'S grip prevents anyth more) and his head makes jerking, backward movements agai pressing hand. The camera moves around the embracing couple until it is JULIA. The back of her gown, as we know, is extremely low. As th continues, we see skin creeping above the line of the gow base of her spine and gradually flowing up her back until it meets and blends perfectly with ragged and raw edges o skin at her neck and shoulders. JULIA is complete again. While this process has been going on, KYLE has been dying and horribly in her arms, his lifeforce being sucked into through their open mouths. His body, by the time her back completely formed, is shrunken, hollow, and dried up. JULIA takes her arms from around the corpse of KYLE and s back, allowing the husk to fall to the floor. JULIA licks her lips and looks down, not without affectio the dead KYLE. She smiles.
1) 115) dialog: Thank you, Kyle.
1) 121) dialog: Kirsty! How nice of you to drop in. JULIA glances meaningfully at the dead thing that lies be feet and then back at KIRSTY.
1) 122) dialog: You have surprisingly good taste in men. KIRSTY's fear and disgust are momentarily displaced by a rage as she realises what JULIA has done. Her face erupts anger and she screams out.
1) 124) dialog: Oh, you can try it, you little bitch. I'd love you to try it. But I'm not just the woman I was.
1) 126) dialog: I mean I'm something more than human, you little shit! JULIA snaps this first line but then holds her anger in c She shakes her head and an amused smile plays across her
1) 128) dialog: Now I'm the Evil Queen. The hatred and the heat returns to her voice.
1) 129) dialog: So come on; Take your best shot, Snow White. KIRSTY scrambles to her feet and again charges at JULIA. JULIA steps forward to meet her advance and delivers a si back-handed swipe across KIRSTY's face with such force th only is the girl knocked off her feet but is actually kno unconscious. KIRSTY rolls onto her back and lies at JULIA's feet. JULIA stares down at the unconscious body. When it was aw was KIRSTY and her attitude to it was based on personal e Now, it is simply another body and she judges it differen is firm, full, healthy, and young. We see the expression face change from hatred and triumph to pure appetite. She her lips and her eyes glisten. She begins to bend slightl towards it.
1) 136) dialog: You're sure this is what you want? MALAHIDE doesn't take his eyes from the window.
1) 139) dialog: Oh, I quite understand.
1) 143) dialog: She certainly has.
3) 0) text: JULIA and MALAHIDE are seen in the corridors of the labyr MALAHIDE's face is full of delight. He is absolutely the enchanted visitor. JULIA, on the other hand, walks with the brisk assurance on familiar territory. The corridors that MALAHIDE sees are different to KIRSTY' are grotto-like, dotted with stalactites and stalagmites immediately unattractive. The walls contain portals of a like substance at random intervals that emit blooming lig different colors and MALAHIDE peers eagerly into several In one, the view is like an aquarium. An alien fish swims eyes. Its body resembles a human brain but it has pincer- MALAHIDE presses his hand against the glass as the thing Suddenly, from within its body, the thing produces a perf human forearm and hand and meets MALAHIDE's hand on the o side of the glass. MALAHIDE starts slightly but then keeps his hand there. H turning his head to call JULIA's attention to this marvel the thing suddenly forms a fist and begins to beat agains glass with tremendous force. MALAHIDE jumps back sharply, but the thing shatters the g leaps out at him. He gasps and runs up the corridor, the hopping after him on its one hand. As they pass JULIA, she tuts with the slightly exasperate indulgent tone of a parent or a teacher. She steps on the squashing it flat. It emits a horrible death-cry.
3) 1) dialog: Do be careful.
6) 0) text: In another corridor within the labyrinth, MALAHIDE and JU walking. They too have found their way into the inner sections. Th are in tighter, sharper corridors where the light is dist They too hear the machine-like breathing noise. And what revealed behind the portals in the corridor walls is less ambiguous in its unpleasantness; in one we see CHATTERER Hell's equivalent of a beauty salon. He is being re-made. involves the scar tissue being manually peeled from the u part of his face to reveal beneath small, vicious, human MALAHIDE's attitude has begun to change, as well. His ner now clearly outweighs his delight. He’ rushes on to the n portal. If the last room was a beauty salon, this is the orgy roo the orgy is very strange. It is a very dark room, filled faint layer of smoke. In the background, a bound man is h his chest licked by a kneeling woman. She pulls her face a moment. Her tongue is horrifically long and studded wit sharp blades. The man's chest is stripped of skin where s been attending him. His face is a picture of ecstasy. In the foreground, three people are buried up to their w the floor. They are naked. The one in the middle is a wom other two, men. The one in front of her faces her, the on has his back to her back. They are all very, close. The m various hooks in their chests, connected by chains to the walls and their faces are impassive. The woman is unwound her head flicks back and forth, as if in the grip of a se climax of stunning ferocity. The movements of her head ke details of her features blurred until, finally, it turns MALAHIDE a three-quarter profile and holds its position, mouth open, its eyes half-closed in pleasure. It is JULIA MALAHIDE gasps and pulls back from the portal. The camera back to reveal that JULIA is still in the corridor, just yards in front of him
6) 1) dialog: Come. I have such sights to show you. MALAHIDE shakes his head crazily from side to side and be back away. JULIA looks at him and walks toward him slowly. She smile strokes his cheek. She moves closer, gently slipping her him and molding her body to his. She extends her tongue a lightly at his lower lip. He opens his mouth and returns kiss, pressing her body more firmly to him. The kiss beco quite passionate.
8) 0) text: JULIA is leading MALAHIDE down a corridor which has inter every few yards on both of its sides. JULIA walks past these shadowed entrances without pause, a single sidelong glance. She is clearly confident, clear on her own turf. MALAHIDE, on the other hand, glances nervously into every before moving on. There is also one last portal he looks into. He is gazing a room where the floor is a vast, seething pool of maggot Suddenly, something breaks the surface. It would doubtles were its mouth not full of maggots. It is BROWNING. His n has come true; his skin is producing the maggots in a con spewing flow from numerous sores that pack his face. MALAHIDE turns away and calls to JULIA.
8) 2) dialog: Go back? What an earth makes you think we can go back? MALAHIDE's jaw drops.
8) 4) dialog: Sorry, friend. No day trips to Hell. Here you are. Here you stay. And forward the only way to go. JULIA turns back and walks an down the corridor. MALAHIDE, with a glance back at the maggot pool, turns af now departing JULIA.
11) 0) text: MALAHIDE and JULIA are at the end of a corridor. They tur an open space. A vast open space. It is desert-like in it expanse, almost vanishing into infinity at its furthest r It is criss-crossed by catwalks, on one of which MALAHIDE JULIA now stand. Beside these catwalks, the ground falls into mile-deep, dark, abysses. Above the catwalks, dominating the huge space, is the mas the labyrinth. The master, LEVIATHAN, is a monumentally huge, white, mul faceted diamond, spinning on its own axis, entirely unsup by any physical means, above its territory. Apart from its very immensity, the most unsettling thing LEVIATHAN are the beams of black light that shine out fro corners of all its many facets. Due to the fast spinning, beams shoot and swoop around the chamber, like a negative display of dazzling complexity. The sound that has been in the corridors is now magnified the sound of LEVIATHAN's breath. MALAHIDE has walked the last few yards like a man in sho a black beam strikes his face and images of horror flash his eyes at almost subliminal speed. His face suddenly cr into an expression of incredulous terror, he makes a nois halfway between screaming and retching, and drops to his the edge of the catwalk. Unfortunately, this allows him to look down into LEVIATHA Looking down with him, we are given a sudden and vertigin sickening realization of Hell's immensities. There is a d miles visible down the pit and, all the way down, as far eye can see, there are other catwalks cutting across the various angles. MALAHIDE looks back up, his scream renewed by his sight o pit. Two or three of the beams of black light flit across face, filling his eyes with more subliminal images of hor pass; a child, a knife, and a dead animal; a naked woman private parts are made of sharp, oily, metal; perfect han ending in crumbling, leprous fingers. Suddenly, LEVIATHAN stops spinning. Effortlessly. Instant more beams are projected at MALAHIDE but, as they come wi few yards of him, they become writhing pink limbs that fl sieze MALAHIDE and lift him into the air. He screams out.
11) 2) dialog: But you WANTED this. You wanted to SEE. You wanted to KNOW. And here it is. The heart of Hell. Leviathan. As she says this two of the thing's facets part to reveal and gaping cavity lined with angry, sore-looking purple f directly behind the dangling MALAHIDE. The purple and pink walls of this flesh gash peel apart a in various places to reveal blades, hooks and needles at of various vestigial limbs. The limbs holding MALAHIDE draw him back inexorably into cavity. He has one last moment to meet JULIA's eyes.
11) 3) dialog: Why do you think I was allowed to go back? For YOU? No, it wanted souls. And I brought you. And you wanted to KNOW. Now you're both happy. MALAHIDE is now held within the walls of the gash. He op mouth for one final scream but one of the tiny needle-top limbs flies at his mouth and sews his lips together with blue wire before he can utter it. His eyes widen in both agony and horror. JULIA smiles.
11) 4) dialog: Goodbye, Doctor. It's been real. The gash heals itself, closing MALAHIDE within. Despite the gash having closed over MALAHIDE, the leather that covers that area is a mass of movement, ripples and Small rips and gashes appear and disappear on its surface us occasional and partial glimpses of MALAHIDE and what i happening to him. At one stage MALAHIDE's hand and forearm appear. A long d running cut has been made down the arm and the flesh peel folded back, revealing the meat and the muscle beneath. A watch, two of the tiny operating limbs sew the flaps of f still folded back, to the rest of the arm, leaving the wo and un-healable. Another gash opens and MALAHIDE's face is visible. Here t needles are at work, diving into and out of his flesh in complicated sewing pattern that is finally pulled togethe beneath one ear, leaving MALAHIDE's features permanently out of shape and decorated with running stitches of metal Again, MALAHIDE's torso appears, naked. Two large triangu blades make deep parallel slashes down his chest. Two dif limbs appear but these have sucker-like tips rather than ones. They fasten onto the new cuts, as if battening. Ins they are injecting - as becomes apparent when MALAHIDE's turns blue. The blueness, the conscious disfigurement, and the almost decorative open wounds should serve to convey that what i happening to MALAHIDE is not simply torture; he is being transformed into a CENOBITE. JULIA watches with avid interest.
14) 0) text: JULIA is being given more glimpses of the transforming MA The major surgery seems to be complete. There are no spin blades of needles in sight as the gashes open. MALAHIDE's completely bald and his face, like the rest of his skin i The only new sophistications are that his upper and lower have been stretched wide and stapled to his face and fore and that a new mouth has been sliced into what was his ch before his features were pulled permanently to one side. Over the sound of LEVIATHAN's breath and the CENOBITE machinery still at work on MALAHIDE, FRANK's howl is hear JULIA's head turns to the direction of this new sound.
14) 1) dialog: Frank... She turns away without a backward glance and moves back i corridors.
15) 0) text: FRANK is still impaled on the knives, but his anguished h Become small whimpers of complaint (with, given his histo the CENOBITES, perhaps the tiniest note of pleasure in th too) KIRSTY, LARRY and TIFFANY are now gathered together to on of the room near the door that leads to the corridor. The leave, but a kind of sick fascination keeps them watching FRANK realises only leverage will pull him free of the kn lifts his forearms up as much as they are free to. He turns his palms to face the knives and, with a growl o encouragement, drives them deeply onto the knives so that begin to push the rest of his impaled body backwards. It takes several seconds and much pain for him to succeed succeed he does. He flops backwards into the room. Several of the knives have stayed in him, rather than th his chest is decorated, or armed, with many blades. Just as FRANK begins to stand, and just as LARRY and the snap out of it and are about to leave, the door from the BELT ROOM opens and JULIA walks into the room. KIRSTY and LARRY gasp. FRANK gives a slow smile.
15) 1) dialog: Well, well. All my family together again. How very sweet.
15) 3) dialog: (Flatly) Frank.
15) 5) dialog: You knew?
15) 7) dialog: Oh, I do. I do. FRANK grins, his grin taking in LARRY, KIRSTY and TIFFANY as JULIA. He extends an arm to JULIA.
15) 11) text: Jesus Christ, FRANK. I don't believe you. You don't know her at all do you? You still think you're in charge. JULIA still has not moved.
15) 15) dialog: Do you really need to ask? FRANK laughs.
15) 25) dialog: Nothing personal, babe. Without ceremony, she bursts the heart with one quick squ
17) 0) text: The sucking force is growing stronger by the second. Not LARRY's right hand losing its grip on the edge of the wal his left arm - stretched tight as it clings to KIRSTY and her, TIFFANY - is bleeding profusely again. Suddenly, JULIA appears at the top of the corridor next t In her hand is the white diamond BOX that KIRSTY had let She stays just out of range of the sucking wind. She star LARRY's weakening fingers and smiles.
17) 1) dialog: Oh, poor Larry. You never could hold on to anything for very long, could you? Suddenly, audaciously, his face set in a scowl of anger, lets go of the wall. Before she realises what is happenin has grabbed JULIA's wrist and pulled her off her feet int corridor. He lets go almost immediately and with a superh effort grabs at the corner again before the wind can clai and the girls. JULIA is not so lucky; without support or foothold, she i by the wind and hurtles to the gap in the wall. She manages to brake herself by flinging her arms out to side of her. For a moment she is hold there and then the begins to draw her in. In her left hand she still holds the BOX, but her right h only a few inches from TIFFANY's left. TIFFANY reaches her hand to her, not knowing JULIA as the do. Their fingers just manage to interlock when JULIA's f registers a disbelieving shock. There is a terrible ripping sound. JULIA's new skin, so r gained, is giving up its hold and has ripped right up the JULIA is drawn from it.
18) 0) text: TIFFANY's skill at finding her way through puzzles means GIRLS are soon in the murkier corridors close to the Cent Hell seems angrier now, steam is issuing in jets from the corridor walls, the cries of children are heard faintly o soundtrack, LEVIATHAN's breathing is more dominant, perha light is even pulsing in time with it. KIRSTY is still several yards behind TIFFANY. TIFFANY tak corner and is out of sight for a second or so . KIRSTY da around the corner to find TIFFANY staring with distress a something on the floor. It is the skin ripped off JULIA by the vacuum tunnel earl
19) 8) dialog: Doctor. I've missed you. JULIA, having presumably just replaced her skin, is not q perfect as before; there are bloody lines like scars ben ears and chin as if the skin required some adjustment bef being put on. JULIA moves forward, her left arm still holding TIFFANY, smile returning MALAHIDE'S.
19) 10) dialog: I'm a girl who keeps her promises. JULIA is right next to MALAHIDE now. Smoothly, she releas grip on TIFFANY and embraces MALAHIDE sensuously. He retu embrace. They kiss. Unseen, TIFFANY moves to the edge of the catwalk and pick BOX. Her fingers move over it, finding its solution. Sudd LEVIATHAN's breath becomes a roar of anger and fear. MALAHIDE breaks away from his kiss, his face a mixture of confusion and rage. JULIA plants both hands in the middle chest and pushes. He falls over the lip of the catwalk bu almost before he drops from sight, he is suddenly pulled backwards through the air, screaming, as LEVIATHAN's limb retracts. JULIA jumps back. shouting.
19) 11) dialog: Do it, Tiffany! Do it! TIFFANY's fingers fly over the BOX and suddenly we see wh happening. The mountain-like LEVIATHAN is following the m of the small replica in TIFFANY's hands. As TIFFANY inver new configuration back towards a closed BOX, LEVIATHAN to being twisted and turned. Being closed. The whole centre of Hell shakes as if suffering a mild earthquake. JULIA and TIFFANY almost lose their footing, TIFFANY continues working. She is nearly, there. LEVIATHA halfway between its white diamond, majesty and a huge clo TIFFANY takes her hands from the BOX. It is done. The lar operates a few seconds behind it's control, so that we ca cut the final sliding and creaking into position with the following human drama; As LEVIATHAN makes its final closing, the mild tremors of become larger. Hell shakes violently and this time TIFFAN lose her footing. She looks set to tumble into the vast a the side of the catwalk but just manages to catch hold of with one hand. The small BOX flies from her hand and hurt into the miles of blackness below. TIFFANY dangles over t her feet kicking wildly for a foothold that doesn't exist Suddenly, a hand extends to her. She looks up. It is JULI second, nothing happens.
19) 12) text: Trust me. TIFFANY lifts one hand off the edge and grabs at JULIA's proffered wrist. JULIA begins to pull up and for a moment it seems the cri over. Then a terrible and familiar ripping noise is heard skin of the arm that TIFFANY clings to begins to rip free shoulder. Gradually, like a shirt's threads unraveling, i comes off. TIFFANY's weight pulls it clear like a very lo very tasteless evening glove and it seems she will finall the long drop. At the final second, as the arm-skin comes the entire skin flies from the body and falls with its ar the abyss. TIFFANY screams. She is going to die. But suddenly the two arms that have Just lost their skin again and catch her fingers. TIFFANY is hauled over the e staggers to her feet, staring into the-bloodied face of K who had donned JULIA's skin to help her friend. The two girls share a quick and joyous embrace and then r rapidly up the catwalk. The camera stays with LEVIATHAN. The rumbling stops. And the mountainous BOX creaks into i sealed position.
19) 23) dialog: I'm Julia. Love me. Suddenly, her head tips back and, accompanied by JULIA's delighted laughter, a wide beam of Hell's black light fli the ceiling from her open mouth. Instantaneously, it spil across the ceiling and falls, like a fountain of blood, a screen. COMPLETE BLACKNESS.