0) 12) dialog: Where am I?
0) 17) dialog: What are you talking about? Who are you?
0) 26) dialog: I thought Steve had talked to you?
0) 28) dialog: He talked about Demons, huh?
0) 30) dialog: It's true. All of it. It's all true. RONSON stares at her, impressed by her conviction and int There is a second of shared silence. Suddenly, a shocking ELECTRONIC CRACKLE shatters the mood starts, then realises it is the radio at his belt. He sna up and speaks into it.
0) 53) dialog: I saw it...him. But I got away. And I took the box. And I solved it. And they came.
0) 55) dialog: The Cenobites. She stares directly at RONSON, daring him to disbelieve.
0) 56) dialog: The Demons. RONSON stares back, perhaps a glimmer of belief in his ey On the soundtrack, the sudden and shocking sound of a doo slammed open and hitting the wall. KIRSTY screams. Even RONSON is startled. In the doorway are DOCTOR MALAHIDE and KYLE. MALAHIDE adv into the room, smiling apologetically as he does so.
0) 63) dialog: Wait! The mattress. You've got to destroy it. She DIED on it, you see. The mattress. It's haunted now. She can come back... like Frank. SHE CAN COME BACK. RONSON smiles helplessly at her, then glances at MALAHIDE "you see what I mean" expression, and leaves the room. KIRSTY (to herself) The mattress MALAHIDE stares at her briefly, with a strange expression face and then abruptly follows RONSON through the door. KIRSTY is too absorbed to notice stares incredulously as MALAHIDE
0) 71) dialog: You a doctor, too? KYLE smiles again.
0) 73) dialog: Hi, Kyle. MALAHIDE re-enters the room.
0) 74) text: Now, Kirsty... KIRSTY looks at him warily.
0) 75) dialog: The cop. He didn't believe me.
0) 77) dialog: Do you believe me? MALAHIDE offers a re-assuring laugh.
0) 79) dialog: It IS the truth. Suddenly, the door opens again. An INTERN is standing the the briefest of moments, MALAHIDE looks furious and then, catching himself, assumes his calm demeanor.
0) 83) dialog: I'm sorry, Kirsty. Kyle will come back with something to help you sleep. We shall speak tomorrow. MALAHIDE and KYLE follow the intern from the room, KYLE g last friendly smile as the door closes behind them.
0) 95) dialog: What's the matter with her?
0) 101) dialog: Hey, good joke, Kyle. Do you always come on to the mentally ill? KYLE's face falls. He blushes. Pressing the pills into KI hand, he backs off to the door, apologising.
0) 103) dialog: Jesus, I'm glad I'm not paying for this place. She is about to lie down on the bed, when she senses some wrong in the room. KIRSTY is instantly tense again. She swings her head to t and tenses in horror, stifling a scream. In the corner of the room, against the wall lying in a po blood, is her skinned father LARRY. KIRSTY emits a pained moan of pure anguish as she realise she is looking at.
0) 104) dialog: (under her breath) Daddy... The thing in the corner raises its arm weakly from its si begins to write on the wall in its own blood. It writes : I AM IN HELL; HELP ME. KIRSTY covers her eyes with her hands and begins to sob. KIRSTY takes her hands from her eyes. The figure has gone. The pool of blood has disappeared. B the wall the words remain. KIRSTY makes herself rise from the bed and walk slowly ac room. Her eyes full of tears, she stretches out her arm and tou word 'I'. As her fingers make contact, the words instantly disappea She presses her bloodied finger quickly to her lips befor last trace of her father can vanish, too.
0) 115) dialog: I...I had a visitor.
0) 117) dialog: Oh, Jesus. I can't explain. It's ..it's. I don't know how to help! I have to save him and I don't know how to help!
0) 119) dialog: I know. No-one can. But I have to save him. Where's the other doctor? He said He'd listen. He promised. KYLE responds quickly to this. His faith in MALAHIDE is strong, despite that curious incident of the previous nig MALAHIDE followed RONSON out of the room.
0) 121) dialog: Help. No, no-one can help. I just want someone to listen or I WILL go crazy.
0) 123) dialog: Yeah? He got a ticket to Hell?
0) 129) dialog: It must have been going on forever... Her voice trails off. We pull out to see KIRSTY sitting u bed. MALAHIDE on the wooden chair, and KYLE standing by t door. MALAHIDE's voice pulls her back.
0) 130) text: Kirsty...? KIRSTY snaps back and continues to speak in a more normal
0) 131) dialog: But the part I know about, That must have started with my Uncle Frank...
1) 27) dialog: Shit, Kyle. This is getting to be a habit. What is it, some kind of shock-therapy? She was angry, relieved, and amused when she realized it and all these showed in her voice and face. Now they drop completely, replaced by a nervous apprehension as she bec aware of the blank horror on his face.
1) 28) dialog: Oh, Jesus. What is it? KYLE opens his mouth a few times, as if unsure what to sa
1) 57) dialog: Yeah?
1) 61) dialog: No bad dreams.
1) 63) dialog: As much as that bed of nails allowed. KYLE glances meaningfully at the bed as he replies.
1) 65) dialog: Oh yeah? On your own a lot, Huh? KYLE grins.
1) 68) dialog: You thought I was crazy, didn't you? KYLE spreads his hands wide.
1) 70) dialog: And you're sure it was a woman?
1) 72) dialog: Don't worry about it. Your attitude sucks anyway.
1) 75) dialog: The box. I need the box.
1) 77) dialog: (sharply) What?
1) 79) dialog: What do you mean?
1) 81) dialog: You DIDN'T tell me. Do you mean Malahide's got...
1) 83) dialog: I'm going. KYLE runs across the room and puts a restraining hand on door.
1) 85) dialog: Get out of the way.
1) 90) dialog: (shouting) Because I'm going to get my father! Tears start to her eyes and she stares at KYLE defiantly. she repeats, more softly;
1) 91) dialog: I'm going to get my father. There is a two-second silence between them as they stare other. Finally, Kyle backs away from the door, raising a finger.
1) 94) dialog: Kyle, you don't have...
1) 117) dialog: (to herself) Kyle...? She folds up the photograph and puts it in her pocket. She crosses to the door and opens it. She does not go thr immediately but stands in the doorway for a moment, her h still on the door, cocking her head slightly as if listen
1) 118) dialog: (slightly louder) Kyle? She can't hear anything, but she regards that as a bad si a good one. She leaves the room.
1) 123) dialog: Kyle! No! I'll kill you, you... She flings herself across the room at JULIA even as she s JULIA is completely unphased by this attack and simply ra arm. She siezes the wrist of the arm that KIRSTY has rais a clenched fist and effortlessly throws KIRSTY bodily bac the room. We realise for the first time the immense physi strength that JULIA now possesses. KIRSTY smashes into the door and falls to a sitting posit against it. She is shaken and slightly hurt enough not to her feet immediately but she stares at JULIA with undimme hatred. JULIA throws a look halfway between a smile and a sneer.
1) 125) dialog: What, you mean you're something more than a whore with a vicious streak?
1) 127) text: Oh, Kirsty. They didn't tell you, did they? I'm afraid they've changed the rules of the fairy tale; I'm no longer just the wicked step-mother. The smile disappears and she delivers the next line with utterly straight face. It is, after all, the truth.
1) 156) dialog: Oh, shit. KIRSTY scrambles quickly to her feet and rushes through t to the stairs.
1) 158) dialog: No! TIFFANY stops, startled, and looks at the doorway and KIR KIRSTY raises her hands in a placatory gesture and speaks softly.
1) 159) dialog: Wait. Wait. KIRSTY begins to move into the room slowly and shakes her gently.
1) 160) dialog: Hey, remember me? From the hospital? I was in the next room? KIRSTY is rewarded with a small recognizing smile from TI KIRSTY returns the smile.
1) 161) dialog: You don't want to go down there. You REALLY don't want to go down there. TIFFANY turns her head once more to look down the corrido then turns back to KIRSTY. For a second it looks as if KI persuasions have succeeded, but MALAHIDE's training has b thorough; TIFFANY knows a puzzle when she sees one. She s once more at KIRSTY and then suddenly turns and disappear the corridor. KIRSTY stands still for a moment, as if she can't quite b that TIFFANY has done it. She shakes her head - half in d and half in despair.
1) 162) dialog: Jesus Christ. Pausing only to pick up the LAMENT CONFIGURATION from whe TIFFANY has left it on the floor, She heads straight for corridor and follows TIFFANY in.
2) 0) text: We are looking straight down one of the very long corrido Hell. It has the same architecture as the corridor that appeare hospital room in HELLRAISER; walls of stained gray stone up by vaguely medieval-looking arches. KIRSTY comes into view, walking away from the camera. Ah her, at an illogically far distance given that she entere corridor only seconds before KIRSTY, is TIFFANY. KIRSTY breaks into a slight run, and calls out to the gir
2) 1) dialog: Tiffany. Wait! Her voice has an unpleasant ring in the acoustics of thes corridors and echos horribly. KIRSTY pulls a face and doe shout again. She increases her pace slightly. Suddenly TIFFANY makes a sharp turn and enters an interse corridor. KIRSTY is forced to increase her speed even mor KIRSTY too makes the turn into another corridor. Even as so, she sees TIFFANY disappearing again into yet another intersection. KIRSTY follows and, again, the same thing happens. This happens several times and, always, KIRSTY never quit sight of TIFFANY but never quite catches up with her eith In short, TIFFANY's instincts were absolutely right; this another puzzle. The girls are lost in a concrete maze, fu twists and turns and labyrinthine windings. After enough turns have been made to completely confuse K sense of direction, she makes a final turn into one corri sees something different. At the end of this corridor is a blinding white light. As KIRSTY sees the light, the air is filled with beautiful birdsong. TIFFANY disappears into the light as soon as KIRSTY sees Despite the light, despite the birdsong, KIRSTY is still suspicious and shouts out.
2) 2) dialog: Tiffany! Don't trust it! Don't Trust it! But it is too late. The girl is gone. KIRSTY follows-and into the light.
3) 0) text: JULIA and MALAHIDE are seen in the corridors of the labyr MALAHIDE's face is full of delight. He is absolutely the enchanted visitor. JULIA, on the other hand, walks with the brisk assurance on familiar territory. The corridors that MALAHIDE sees are different to KIRSTY' are grotto-like, dotted with stalactites and stalagmites immediately unattractive. The walls contain portals of a like substance at random intervals that emit blooming lig different colors and MALAHIDE peers eagerly into several In one, the view is like an aquarium. An alien fish swims eyes. Its body resembles a human brain but it has pincer- MALAHIDE presses his hand against the glass as the thing Suddenly, from within its body, the thing produces a perf human forearm and hand and meets MALAHIDE's hand on the o side of the glass. MALAHIDE starts slightly but then keeps his hand there. H turning his head to call JULIA's attention to this marvel the thing suddenly forms a fist and begins to beat agains glass with tremendous force. MALAHIDE jumps back sharply, but the thing shatters the g leaps out at him. He gasps and runs up the corridor, the hopping after him on its one hand. As they pass JULIA, she tuts with the slightly exasperate indulgent tone of a parent or a teacher. She steps on the squashing it flat. It emits a horrible death-cry.
3) 3) dialog: Mommy... KIRSTY puts down the photograph of her family and looks a the room again. A troubled look crosses her face. Despite the aparent Summer light in the room, KIRSTY sudd realises what it is that is odd. She looks from wall to wall with mounting distress on her There are no windows in the room. And no door. At this point, the odd discordant note in the birdsong be apparent. It is nothing too obvious at the moment - the t effect is simply less sweet than it was. KIRSTY looks back at the photograph and snatches it up, w look of concern. The photograph has changed. It is now a wedding photo. Th wedding of LARRY and JULIA. Suddenly the photograph begins to bleed. Blood pours from paper itself, pressing up and smearing against the glass- it is momentarily framed blood, without a single trace of picture showing. The blood begins to escape out of the fr trickling over the lip that holds the glass in place and onto KIRSTY's fingers. With a cry of horror, KIRSTY drops the frame. It lands on floor and the glass shatters. The blood continues to flow fact, now that the glass does not restrain it, it fairly fountains out, spreading across the floor. KIRSTY steps back and glances at the dresser. Blood is fl from every frame, pooling on the dresser and overflowing floor. By now, the discordant elements in the birdsong are very predominant and, as KIRSTY sweeps all the frames off the and onto the floor with a scream of anguish, the birdsong way completely to a hideous, dissonant shrieking. KIRSTY throws her hands to her ears.
3) 4) text: Nooooo! She rushes at one of the walls and begins beating it with fists. The walls are soft and pulpy and give slightly as her fis strike, like flabby flesh. KIRSTY stands back in disgust. The wall visibly bruises before her eyes, swelling and pu The light in the room, like the birdsong, has changed utt is not dark, but simply dull, featureless, and depressing KIRSTY turns away in disgust and finds that the whole roo given in to decay. The sofas and chairs are mildewed and the wooden furniture is ridden with woodworm and rot. A s runs across the room beside the buckled and chipped skirt A rotten leg gives way under a small chest and the bottom spills out, freeing a whole family of quite large spiders run wildly across the floor. Suddenly the room begins to fill with smoke, churned up b ever-increasing intensity of wind. The smoke obscures the
4) 0) text: The smoke and wind subside but not entirely. KIRSTY is standing in exactly the same position in a room exactly the same proportions, but which is completely emp which has walls of the same gray stone that the corridors Suddenly, rising up from behind KIRSTY, comes PINHEAD.
4) 3) text: How can it send us back, child? We're already here. And so are you. Suddenly PINHEAD works at the box himself - by remote con with dazzling skill. He turns the box rapidly through positions KIRSTY and we never seen before - even opening it out at one stage into large, two-dimensional square. Finally, it closes itself but in a wholly new shape; a white, multi-faceted, diamon - and drops back into KIRSTY's hands. He stares at KIRSTY and makes a small gesture with his br is ALMOST cute. If anything, it resembles the cocky, aren clever look STEVE gave KIRSTY after swallowing the cigare HELLRAISER. Then his face assumes its normal deadly blank KIRSTY shakes her head dumbly and begins to back into a c hoping that if they converge on her, she might just be ab slip around them and get back to the labyrinth.
4) 4) dialog: No! You... You can't! It wasn't me...I didn't do it! I didn't open the box!
4) 8) dialog: But I didn't open it! I didn't!
4) 10) dialog: I've come for my father! KIRSTY shouts this with brave defiance. PINHEAD laughs in response, a very unattractive sound.
4) 11) text: But he's in his own Hell, child And quite unreachable. Suddenly KIRSTY makes her break shouting out as she does
4) 12) dialog: I don't believe you! It seems for a moment she has succeeded. She swings aroun side of the CENOBITES and begins to run across the chambe The CENOBITES do not move but suddenly, from nowhere a ho across the room, attached to a metal chain. The hook buri itself in the wall only inches in front of KIRSTY's face, chain pulled tight and barring her path. The wall begins bleed. KIRSTY screams. The CENOBITES turn to face her, but make no attempt to cr room to her new position.
4) 14) dialog: And what about you? PINHEAD almost smiles at the naivete of the question.
5) 0) text: KIRSTY can't quite believe this but she has no intention questioning it. She runs into the corridor and away, with PINHEAD's last words echoing after her.
5) 1) text: we have Eternity to know your flesh! Delighted CENOBITE laughter follows her back into the lab KIRSTY drops the transformed BOX into her pocket as she begins running through the corridors again. The labyrinth seems tighter now - the corridors shorter, the turns shar Corner after corner we see KIRSTY turn. Accompanying this tightening, the light in the corridors gradually murkier - not quite dark, more like the oppress colourlessness that descends before a thunderstorm breaks Occasionally there are little hissing noises from the wal themselves, which are accompanied by small jets of dull a smoke escaping between the bricks. Over all this, there grows in volume on the soundtrack a rhythmic, labored, resonant sound - a sound somewhere bet breathing and machinery. Suddenly, as KIRSTY turns one more corner, a hand reaches touch her. KIRSTY throws herself back against the far wall of the co unsure whether to fight or flee. Then her face relaxes. I TIFFANY.
7) 0) text: KIRSTY and TIFFANY are now walking together. KIRSTY is talking to her as calmly as her sense of urgenc allow.
7) 1) dialog: Do you see? You were RIGHT. This IS a puzzle, too. But WE'RE CAUGHT in the puzzle. KIRSTY stops walking and catches hold of TIFFANY's arm. T stops, looks at the hand holding her arm, and then looks KIRSTY's eyes.
7) 2) dialog: Yeah? TIFFANY smiles directly at KIRSTY and then returns her no
7) 3) dialog: Yeah? TIFFANY nods again, more emphatically.
7) 4) text: Yeah! KIRSTY throws her arms around TIFFANY and hugs her.
9) 0) text: KIRSTY and TIFFANY are walking warily along a corridor wh suddenly, the corridor wall parts with a roar. Both girl and TIFFANY cries out. A new, and very narrow corridor has been revealed. The GI stare down it. It culminates in a door. Despite being set blank gray stone wall, the door is normal. But frightenin because it is an exact replica of the front door of 55 LO STREET, LARRY's house. Before KIRSTY can react to this, a voice issues from beyo door.
9) 2) dialog: (Very Tentatively) Daddy...? Only a low moan comes from behind the door.
9) 3) dialog: Tiffany. Wait here. If I'm not back real soon - get out. Get home. Leaving TIFFANY in the corridor, KIRSTY opens the door an in.
10) 0) text: The door that KIRSTY opens gives directly on to a room. Like the SITTING ROOM earlier this appears to be an ordin and not a stone wall chamber. It's wall-papered walls were once white but are now yello old. Overhead there is an equally ancient four bladed woo that turns sluggishly. In the middle of the floor is a small low table of vaguel Eastern design. On this table lie a hand of cards, face down, an empty an tumbler, and a soiled ashtray. Over by the far wall (the wall opposite to that containin door) there is a mattress on the floor. A body like shape mattress is obscured by a heavy blanket that covers it. To the side of the mattress a latticed wooden screen stan hiding whatever is behind it from those entering the room atmosphere of the room reminds us of anything it is of t bazaar where FRANK first bought the LAMENT CONFIGURATION. We are looking at the door as it opens inwards and KIRSTY and nervously walks into the room. KIRSTY advances into the room. She stares at the mattress of her. Above it written in blood on the wall, is the mes saw in her vision. I AM IN HELL:HELP ME.
10) 1) dialog: daddy... A low moan comes from the far end of the room. KIRSTY ass issues from the figure hidden beneath the blanket and wal nearer, lifting her arm in readiness to remove the blanke
10) 2) dialog: Daddy. It's Kirsty... There is no response. KIRSTY arrives at the mattress and the blanket back. She leaps backwards, her hand at her mo stifling a scream. Lying on the bed is a husk like figure, vaguely female in Despite its appearance of long decay, it is dressed in va sexual garments of leather. Suddenly, the eyes pop open, revealing a vague remnant of life.
10) 3) dialog: Oh God. KIRSTY hurriedly, throws the blanket back over it. A voice issues into the room. It sounds like LARRY but, a shall see, it is not.
10) 5) dialog: Daddy... ? The figure leans slowly into the light, speaking as he do so.
10) 7) dialog: No! it is her UNCLE FRANK, back in his skin and dressed in wh shirt and jeans. FRANK chuckles. KIRSTY backs away from him into the room. puts out his right hand in a placatory gesture. KIRSTY re he is not moving after her. She also sees that his body i curiously angled, the left side still in the deep shadow the screen. Is there something else there? Something she quite see? FRANK's voice stops her wondering.
10) 9) dialog: I should have known! I should've known he wouldn't be here! This place is only for filth like you! FRANK sneers.
10) 11) dialog: Yes!
10) 14) dialog: No! He SHOULDN'T be here! It SHOULD'VE been a trick!
10) 16) dialog: You're full of shit, Frank Co My Dad wasn't like that at al He could feel. He could love. loved ME. KIRSTY's voice breaks.
10) 17) dialog: He...he loved me.
10) 19) dialog: He loved me, you bastard! He Loved me, he loved my mother. He even loved that bitch you betrayed him with! FRANK begins to move towards KIRSTY again, LARR him.
10) 22) dialog: Daddy! Daddy! I love you! Help me!
15) 0) text: FRANK is still impaled on the knives, but his anguished h Become small whimpers of complaint (with, given his histo the CENOBITES, perhaps the tiniest note of pleasure in th too) KIRSTY, LARRY and TIFFANY are now gathered together to on of the room near the door that leads to the corridor. The leave, but a kind of sick fascination keeps them watching FRANK realises only leverage will pull him free of the kn lifts his forearms up as much as they are free to. He turns his palms to face the knives and, with a growl o encouragement, drives them deeply onto the knives so that begin to push the rest of his impaled body backwards. It takes several seconds and much pain for him to succeed succeed he does. He flops backwards into the room. Several of the knives have stayed in him, rather than th his chest is decorated, or armed, with many blades. Just as FRANK begins to stand, and just as LARRY and the snap out of it and are about to leave, the door from the BELT ROOM opens and JULIA walks into the room. KIRSTY and LARRY gasp. FRANK gives a slow smile.
15) 13) dialog: For God's sake! He KILLED you! JULIA doesn't pause. FRANK grins.
15) 21) dialog: This is Tiffany KIRSTY shrugs.
15) 22) dialog: She's good at puzzles.
15) 27) dialog: Oh. My. God. The camera moves around them to take in what they see. Th of course in the central chamber of LEVIATHAN. LEVIATHAN is spinning again, the black beams flying arou chamber. TIFFANY screams. KIRSTY grabs her.
15) 28) dialog: Tiffany, listen. You've solved it. But we've got to solve it the OTHER way. See? See? We've got to get out. TIFFANY is frozen.
15) 30) dialog: Please! Tiffany, Please! Get us out! Take us home, please! TIFFANY nods. They are just about to leave when LEVIATHAN spinning. A large beam flies down , carrying an object which lands catwalk before the HUMANS, who all take a step or two bac The beam withdraws. The object at first resembles a large and bloody plastic then internal movement begins to rip at this covering. Ha appear out of the rips and complete the removal. We reali the bag-like thing was a kind of caul, a membranous after that some creatures produce their young in. The thing inside completes its escape and stands clear of shredded caul. Like a new-born child, it is stained and s with amiotic fluids and blood. But it is not a new born c It is a NEW CENOBITE. And it used to be MALAHIDE. The transformation we caught glimpses of is now complete. Its is entirely blue, its head entirely bald. The decorative and tortures we saw being applied are all present; its fl peeled back in various places, its features are threaded distorted by, wire, its eyelids are stapled open. For a second it stands and regards the HUMANS before it. TIFFANY gasps in recognition. KIRSTY too knows what it was.
15) 31) dialog: Malahide For some reason, KIRSTY draws from her pocket the photo s from the OBSESSION ROOM. She stares at it.
15) 32) dialog: Jesus Christ! Of course The MALAHIDE CENOBITE stretches its arms and flexes its f
15) 37) dialog: It's LARRY waves a hand at her, but keeps his eyes on MALAHIDE.
15) 43) dialog: No. Come on. We have to get out of here. TIFFANY moves away with KIRSTY, but not without a backwar and a puzzled expression. They all make another turning. Suddenly, when they are ab halfway down this next corridor, a new gap opens up behin in the wall and a terrible sucking noise is heard. Corrid debris disappears into the vacuum. Luckily, LARRY has reached the end of the corridor and g corner with one hand, seizing KIRSTY's hand with the othe KIRSTY grabs TIFFANY and the three of them flatten themse against the wall, fighting against the suction. The force tremendous and LARRY's finger are slowly losing hold.
17) 0) text: The sucking force is growing stronger by the second. Not LARRY's right hand losing its grip on the edge of the wal his left arm - stretched tight as it clings to KIRSTY and her, TIFFANY - is bleeding profusely again. Suddenly, JULIA appears at the top of the corridor next t In her hand is the white diamond BOX that KIRSTY had let She stays just out of range of the sucking wind. She star LARRY's weakening fingers and smiles.
17) 4) dialog: My God, it's her room!
17) 6) dialog: No. No, there's something wrong... Before they can discuss it, a new rushing sound is heard. look back. Hurtling towards them is the ENGINEER from HELLRAISER. TIFFANY screams.
17) 9) dialog: Tiffany ... ? KIRSTY rises from the bed and joins TIFFANY by the window
17) 10) dialog: But these were ... Daddy? LARRY rises to his feet. Just as he stands, a fleeting ex of bewilderment crosses his face. He strokes at his right with an unconscious gesture as he crosses the room. KIRSTY doesn't look at her father right away.
17) 11) dialog: These flowers. I saw them just... She looks at her father. A sea of sweat has broken out on brow and face as he stares intensely at the flowers. KIRS voice slows, begins to trail off.
17) 12) dialog: ...the day ...before... yesterday Daddy? Daddy! LARRY's eyes close. His entire face screws up as if an excruciating pain just hit him. He clamps his arm across chest, the hands clutching his shoulders. He opens his ey looks at KIRSTY for a second, his expression one of surpr Then his eyes roll up into the sockets and he collapses t floor. TIFFANY has hardly had time to turn from the bowl of flo before KIRSTY is kneeling by her father.
17) 13) dialog: Daddy! LARRY is unconscious. TIFFANY gasps. KIRSTY looks up at h
17) 14) dialog: Get help. TIFFANY's eyes widen. She rushes to the door and disappea the corridor. Within two seconds we hear an emergency ala off and TIFFANY re-enters the room.
17) 15) dialog: Pass me a pillow. TIFFANY does so and KIRSTY places it under the head of LA whose lips are now blue and who is breathing very shallow KIRSTY looks up at TIFFANY, despair in her eyes.
17) 16) dialog: What do you do? I just don't know what to do. TIFFANY shakes her head helplessly. Suddenly, the door to the room flies open and two INTERNS Stan and Ollie from the carnival sequence - come in, comp stretcher and gurney. They assess the situation with a gl it is serious enough to make one of them break their prof silence.
17) 18) dialog: Is he going to be 0.K.?
17) 20) dialog: But it's bad? The INTERNS exchange a glance and decide honesty is best.
17) 26) dialog: Is he going to be all right? 1st GOWNED FIGURE (matter of factly) No. He's not going to be all right. KIRSTY staggers visibly, shocked by this bluntness.
17) 27) dialog: Wh... 1st GOWNED FIGURE No. He's going to die. He's got a ruptured aorta. He's going to die in agony. As he makes this speech, the mask of his colleague stains with blood, as if it is literally pouring from its mouth. Simultaneously, his own mask is slowly pierced by a score bursting through from beneath. TIFFANY screams. The 1st GOWNED FIGURE pulls the mask and cap away from it It is PINHEAD. His colleague does the same. It is the FEM CENOBITE.
17) 28) dialog: Oh, Fuck. She's had too much experience with these two to hesitate. grabs TIFFANY's arm and bursts through the double doors t corridor.
17) 30) dialog: C'mon. C'MON! The sound of steadily-pacing, purposeful feet is heard co the corridor, getting louder, coming closer. KIRSTY begins hammering on the closed elevator doors. TIF stifles a cry with her hand.
17) 31) dialog: 
17) 35) dialog: Faster, you bastard, faster! She slams her fist against the elevator wall. The elevato stops. Its lights flicker.
17) 36) dialog: Oh, Jesus. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I didn't mean it. The elevator starts again.
17) 37) dialog: It's 0.K. They can't beat an elevator. Not upstairs. It'll be O.K. The lift stops, but this time it's where they want it. KI finger hesitates over the DOOR OPEN button.
17) 38) dialog: It'll be O.K. She presses the button.
17) 41) dialog: This way. Short cut. They turn into a set of double doors leading to a large w
17) 43) dialog: Oh, Christ. This isn't just personal anymore. TIFFANY nods slowly, her eyes flicking back and forth acr ward. Suddenly, the wheelchair patient from the earlier scene i ward, who has been between two of the beds on one side of the ward, cuts across the GIRLS' path. He too has a BOX o lap. As he passes in front of them, he looks at them, gig an unmistakably insane fashion, and gives them a conspira wink. Then he simply proceeds to the other side of the wa A second or so after this, as the GIRLS edge down the mid the room, they hear a rushing sound behind the double doo are heading towards. Suddenly, the doors slam open and revealed in the doorway MALAHIDE. But he is not standing there. He is hovering about two fe the floor. The umbilical limb that connects him to LEVIAT still at the back of his skull. His face is contorted in of manic glee as he floats three or four feet into the wa
17) 52) dialog: Wait!
17) 54) dialog: No deals! Just information. Information. Free of charge. No strings. Just information.
17) 57) dialog: No, No, this one didn't escape. You told me you'd always been in Hell. You were wrong. Look at it. LOOK. IT'S YOU.
17) 59) dialog: It's you! You HAVEN'T always been as you are. You were HUMAN. Remember. Remember all your confusions. Think! The FEMALE CENOBITE strides across the room.
17) 64) dialog: You were ALL human! The other three CENOBITES stop moving and stare at KIRSTY advances they were making on KIRSTY or TIFFANY stop as th dim, distant, recollection begins to stir within them. Suddenly, the door bursts open. MALAHIDE is there, still floating, his voice still a mixture of hideous threat and insane joy.
17) 67) dialog: Leave her alone, you asshole! MALAHIDE makes no reply, but suddenly several more limbs towards the GIRLS and begin to weave in front of KIRSTY's like snakes awaiting their moment. At this stage, the camera CUTS TO the watching PINHEAD. H the photograph of his past life flutter to the floor. MALAHIDE looks up at the tiny noise this makes and his ey PINHEAD'S. He turns more fully to face PINHEAD and the ot CENOBITES who are now standing with their leader, and a s smile crosses his face
17) 72) dialog: (Confused) What are you talking...
17) 74) dialog: Finish what? Even as KIRSTY says this, TIFFANY has moved past her and resuming her run down the corridor.
17) 75) dialog: Tiffany! Wait! KIRSTY starts after her friend. They turn back into the main section of the corridor that their own rooms, TIFFANY still four or five yards in fron KIRSTY. TIFFANY reaches her room. The door is open. She goes in. later, KIRSTY follows.
18) 0) text: TIFFANY's skill at finding her way through puzzles means GIRLS are soon in the murkier corridors close to the Cent Hell seems angrier now, steam is issuing in jets from the corridor walls, the cries of children are heard faintly o soundtrack, LEVIATHAN's breathing is more dominant, perha light is even pulsing in time with it. KIRSTY is still several yards behind TIFFANY. TIFFANY tak corner and is out of sight for a second or so . KIRSTY da around the corner to find TIFFANY staring with distress a something on the floor. It is the skin ripped off JULIA by the vacuum tunnel earl
18) 2) dialog: What are you doing? What are WE doing? TIFFANY looks at the BOX in her hand. When she speaks, it to KIRSTY but to herself.
19) 0) text: LEVIATHAN spins and fires light in the centre, his machin breathing drowning all other sound. We are looking down t catwalk as KIRSTY and TIFFANY approach its edge. The beams of black light wash across their faces, as they over MALAHIDE's in the earlier scene. Images of horror fr momentarily before them and then pass on, only to be repl others.
19) 2) dialog: No. Don't let it. You've come this far. The GIRLS press on. Whether LEVIATHAN is oblivious to the presence or simply doesn't consider them a threat, the be striking the GIRLS' faces. Nevertheless, the mood remains ominous. The audience should feel something is about to h They are six feet from the lip of the catwalk. TIFFANY kn and, holding the white diamond BOX in front of her, begin move her fingers over it. The music box tune begins to pl the BOX begins to move. That 'something' that the audience was waiting to happen, suddenly does; MALAHIDE flies up from the abyss beside th catwalk. The vastness of the limb that seals him to LEVIA now directly apparent; instead of merging into black ligh limb itself trails through the air over the huge distance LEVIATHAN itself. One of the limbs from MALAHIDE's palms flies out and knoc BOX from TIFFANY's hands. It rolls perilously close to th of the catwalk. KIRSTY grabs TIFFANY and, dragging her to her feet, pulls further back down the catwalk as MALAHIDE floats to a la between them and the BOX.
19) 5) dialog: Tiffany! No! The camera stays with TIFFANY as she makes her way back. voice stays on the soundtrack for a time, imploring her f turn back and then simply stops. This should be abrupt en make the audience notice but smooth enough to avoid their attention leaving TIFFANY. MALAHIDE waits, happy to see a patient so keen on the kni very slowly, TIFFANY moves forward, inch by slow inch. Th something she HAS to do; the expression on her face is no determination but terror. And MALAHIDE is very happy to e this.
19) 17) dialog: So. What're you going to do? Open up a games-shop somewhere? Sell jigsaw puzzles? TIFFANY gives a smile.
19) 19) dialog: Well ... G'bye.