0) 64) dialog: Uh...excuse me this odd behavior, leaves the room. but KYLE a moment. He follows to the door and stands in the doorway, lookin the corridor.
0) 70) dialog: So...You're Kirsty, huh?
0) 72) dialog: Nearly a doctor. I'm Kyle Macrae. Call me Kyle. KIRSTY draws a deep breath, temporarily calmed. She even a smile.
0) 93) dialog: Oh, Jesus, I'm sorry. God, if anyone should know not to do that, it's me. I'm sorry. 0.K.? KIRSTY nods and gives a nervous smile. KYLE, still embarr his foolishness and eager to change the subject, nods tow glass panel.
0) 94) dialog: Sad, huh? She's been here six months. Her name's TIFFANY.
0) 96) dialog: Almost complete withdrawal. She hasn't said a word for nearly two years.
0) 98) dialog: Yeah. Doctor Malahide's got her doing these jig-saws and things, though. Says it's helping to bring her out. KYLE ushers KIRSTY back into her own room.
0) 100) dialog: Anyway, let's concentrate on you for a moment. Wanna suck on this for me? KIRSTY looks up at him sharply. He is proffering a pill a grinning facetiously.
0) 102) dialog: Shit. Sorry. Here's the pills. Red face. Door. Bye. He exits hurriedly, closing the door behind him. KIRSTY g despite herself. She looks at the pill for a second or tw then puts it firmly back in the box. Realising there is n bedside table, she puts the box on the wooden chair.
0) 116) dialog: What?
0) 118) dialog: (Carefully) Kirsty, I'm sorry... don't understand. I...
0) 120) dialog: Dr. Malahide. Yes. Look, I'll fetch him. You take it easy. I'm sure he can help. KYLE stands up, making soothing motions with his hands, a for the door.
0) 122) dialog: If anyone can help, HE can. KIRSTY turns and gives KYLE a strange look as he opens th
0) 126) text: We hear the phone click. KYLE waits a moment and then wal swiftly through the door, speaking as he does so.
0) 127) dialog: Doctor Malahide ... ?
1) 6) dialog: Jesus Christ. Jee-sus-kerr-ist! We assume he has visited MALAHIDE'S house before, but he clearly never seen this room. He stares at the mattress with incredulity, as if he stil believe his superior has had it brought here. Then he beg look around the room in more detail. He approaches the gl cases and bends slightly to look at their contents. KYLE shakes his head.
1) 7) dialog: Oh, shit. Al INT. BASEMENT CORRIDOR NIGHT MALAHIDE walks past a bank of meters and huge circuit bre his way to the lower and of the corridor, by the cells of the very disturbed. He stops by the cell of the man in strait-jacket. We hear from the outside the familiar mutt BROWNING. MALAHIDE enters the call.
1) 18) text: KYLE may have heard one or two strange and unpleasant noi BROWNING has not screamed nor JULIA spoken; nothing has p him for what he sees - a skinned woman sucking out what l remains from the dried husk of a psychotic man.
1) 20) dialog: (mimed) Jesus Christ! His terror simultaneously urging speed and silence, KYLE maneuvers himself out of the window.
1) 29) dialog: It's all true.
1) 59) dialog: You O.K.? Silence.
1) 60) dialog: Kirsty? You 0. K.? The bathroom door opens and KIRSTY Comes into the main ro dressed in a toweling robe that is clearly a 'hers' not a She crosses the room to a mirror, rubbing at her wet hair towel.
1) 62) dialog: So you slept 0.K.? KIRSTY gestures at the sofa.
1) 64) dialog: Well, the sofa isn't often used for sleeping on...
1) 66) dialog: Like the robe? KIRSTY returns the smile via the mirror. KYLE crosses the room to sit at his dining table. Empty c cups, the remnants of a loaf and some cheese suggests the breakfast was simple and finished some time ago. KIRSTY gathers her clothes from by the sofa and moves bac the bathroom to dress. KYLE waits a few moments and then speaks.
1) 67) dialog: I think I need to talk. About what I saw. KIRSTY emerges, fully dressed, her hair still damp.
1) 69) dialog: Jesus, yes! What do you expect. I mean, God, I still do! It's just that now I'm crazy too. He grins wryly. KIRSTY moves to the sofa and sits down.
1) 71) dialog: God, I wish I could say no. This is going to do terrible things to my attitude, you know. KIRSTY grins at him.
1) 73) dialog: Hey, so for it. Don't let pity stop you. I'm down. Nail me. For a moment, they laugh together but then stop. KIRSTY s downward and then suddenly bursts into tears.
1) 74) text: What can I do? How can I save him? KYLE joins her on the sofa. He offers an arm but she shak off.
1) 76) dialog: The box? Like in your story? Like in his house? KIRSTY's tears suddenly stop. She looks at KYLE.
1) 78) dialog: The Boxes. In the House. I told you.
1) 80) dialog: The boxes! I TOLD you.
1) 82) dialog: Yeah. The things you were talking about. KIRSTY heads instantly for KYLE'S door.
1) 84) dialog: Wait a minute. What do you mean, "I'm going?’ TO the HOUSE? KIRSTY nods and pulls at the door handle.
1) 86) dialog: Are you crazy?
1) 87) text: I don't know, Kyle. You're the fucking expert. Now get out of the way!
1) 88) dialog: 
1) 92) dialog: Two seconds. Just two seconds. Don't move. He rushes across the room, grabs a jacket, and moves back door.
1) 93) dialog: O.K. Let's go.
1) 95) dialog: I KNOW I don't have to. It's just my time of the month to be a complete fucking idiot. 0.K.? KIRSTY stares at him, her face at first blank then suffus emotion. She leans across and plants a chaste kiss on his then pulls back. There is a beat while they simply stare other and suddenly they are tight in each other's arms, k fervently. But the kiss is fuelled, not by passion, but b and their mutual need for human solace in the face of the unknown. As the kiss continues, the camera pulls back from them.
1) 99) dialog: Wait! The .. thing I want to be sure it's not here. KIRSTY nods and KYLE leaves the room.
1) 102) dialog: What? The...The thing? JULIA nods.
1) 104) dialog: Is it in there?
1) 108) dialog: Yes. Yes, it's terrible. JULIA crosses the room rapidly towards him. Her face is a picture of concern.
1) 110) text: As she speaks, JULIA's arms are opening out to him. KYLE comfort offered and advances towards her, too. As they come together, the camera moves around them and w for the first time, that JULIA is still incomplete; Her e back is still glistening raw flesh, the naked bones of th still clearly visible. Their arms go around each other just as JULIA completes h speech;
1) 113) dialog: Kyle...