9) 0) text: KIRSTY and TIFFANY are walking warily along a corridor wh suddenly, the corridor wall parts with a roar. Both girl and TIFFANY cries out. A new, and very narrow corridor has been revealed. The GI stare down it. It culminates in a door. Despite being set blank gray stone wall, the door is normal. But frightenin because it is an exact replica of the front door of 55 LO STREET, LARRY's house. Before KIRSTY can react to this, a voice issues from beyo door.
10) 24) dialog: Get your fucking hands off my daughter, you bastard! Suddenly, the room, previously full of slow movements and tension, is full of furious, violent action as the fused kick, tear, and punch at each other in a paroxysm of kill hatred.
12) 0) text: LARRY and FRANK are fighting furiously, tumbling around t room. LARRY is fuelled by righteous anger and revenge but has had more experience of dirty fighting. At one stage their free hands each have hold of the other the throat and are rolling along one of the walls, each t establish the dominant grip. They smash violently against one of the walls in the room gives and they fall through into the next room.
13) 2) dialog: Stay there, baby. Don't come in.
15) 0) text: FRANK is still impaled on the knives, but his anguished h Become small whimpers of complaint (with, given his histo the CENOBITES, perhaps the tiniest note of pleasure in th too) KIRSTY, LARRY and TIFFANY are now gathered together to on of the room near the door that leads to the corridor. The leave, but a kind of sick fascination keeps them watching FRANK realises only leverage will pull him free of the kn lifts his forearms up as much as they are free to. He turns his palms to face the knives and, with a growl o encouragement, drives them deeply onto the knives so that begin to push the rest of his impaled body backwards. It takes several seconds and much pain for him to succeed succeed he does. He flops backwards into the room. Several of the knives have stayed in him, rather than th his chest is decorated, or armed, with many blades. Just as FRANK begins to stand, and just as LARRY and the snap out of it and are about to leave, the door from the BELT ROOM opens and JULIA walks into the room. KIRSTY and LARRY gasp. FRANK gives a slow smile.
15) 18) dialog: Jesus! Out. Out! He shepherds the girls quickly through the door to the co FRANK's body begins to twitch. JULIA holds it tightly.
15) 20) dialog: Wait a minute. Why are we following her? Who is this?
15) 23) dialog: Fine. They take the turn TIFFANY has indicated.
15) 29) dialog: Come on! LEVIATHAN spins, the beams fly.
15) 36) dialog: No. I've had enough of this shit. Who the hell are you?
15) 38) dialog: Never mind. Never mind. He points a finger at MALAHIDE's face, which is attemptin version of PINHEAD's imposing glacial stars, but frankly, quite making it.
15) 39) dialog: Fuck you and the horse you rode in on. Suddenly, he forms a fist with his unwounded arm and smas straight into MALAHIDE's face. MALAHIDE is completely dec LARRY grabs TIFFANY by the shoulders and speaks urgently to her.
17) 0) text: The sucking force is growing stronger by the second. Not LARRY's right hand losing its grip on the edge of the wal his left arm - stretched tight as it clings to KIRSTY and her, TIFFANY - is bleeding profusely again. Suddenly, JULIA appears at the top of the corridor next t In her hand is the white diamond BOX that KIRSTY had let She stays just out of range of the sucking wind. She star LARRY's weakening fingers and smiles.
17) 5) dialog: Let's go! He starts urging the girls down the corridor - a long and narrow one - but KIRSTY shows some resistance.
17) 7) dialog: Jesus. 0.K. No more arguments. Just RUN! They begin one last panic-fuelled run down the narrow cor the ENGINEER at their heels. The sequence is equivalent to KIRSTY's pursuit by the ENG HELLRAISER, the twist here being that as they approach th into TIFFANY's room the walls of the corridor, already th to close together. LARRY is bringing up the rear (the corridor is now so nar single file is possible) and he can almost feel the ENGIN breath on his neck.
17) 8) dialog: Go. Go. Go. Go. Go!! Finally, almost impossibly, they reach the gap in the wa TIFFANY tumbles through, then KIRSTY, and finally LARRY. than a micro-second after LARRY has made it, the walls se themselves. 104 INT. TIFFANY'S ROOM (2nd VERSION) DAY As we see clearly the room they have come into, we perhap the feeling that KIRSTY expressed in the corridor; Someth Wrong. The tiles that make up the floor are patterned as before individual tiles are larger. The room itself seems more s the ceiling higher. There is a bowl of flowers by the window. The flowers wer full bloom before their trip to Hell but now they seem lo The audience have to notice most of this for themselves b LARRY, KIRSTY, and TIFFANY are too relieved by, and tired their escape to take this in immediately. LARRY seats him the chair, KIRSTY perches on the end of TIFFANY's bed. TI however walks straight across to her window. She is the f notice anything. She stares at the flowers.