0) 6) dialog: (echoed & slow) Kirsty, come to daddy The tiny silence following PINHEAD's words is shattered b piercing and terrified scream.
1) 147) dialog: Wait. The FEMALE stops and looks questioningly at PINHEAD. PINHEAD, at a more leisurely pace, crosses towards TIFFAN looks down at her. She stares back at him, the remnants o insanity a temporary defense against fear, her face regis nothing. PINHEAD looks up.
1) 148) dialog: No. The FEMALE looks across at him.
1) 150) dialog: No. He glances down at TIFFANY again.
1) 151) dialog: It is not HANDS that call us... He looks up and stares directly at the shattered two-way
1) 152) dialog: It is DESIRE.
4) 0) text: The smoke and wind subside but not entirely. KIRSTY is standing in exactly the same position in a room exactly the same proportions, but which is completely emp which has walls of the same gray stone that the corridors Suddenly, rising up from behind KIRSTY, comes PINHEAD.
4) 1) dialog: Ah, Kirsty. And we thought we'd lost you. KIRSTY swings round in terror. As the mist continues to c she sees, advancing to join PINHEAD, the FEMALE CENOBITE CHATTERER. Beyond them, it is now revealed, that this cha no fourth wall; it gives directly onto the corridors
4) 3) text: How can it send us back, child? We're already here. And so are you. Suddenly PINHEAD works at the box himself - by remote con with dazzling skill. He turns the box rapidly through positions KIRSTY and we never seen before - even opening it out at one stage into large, two-dimensional square. Finally, it closes itself but in a wholly new shape; a white, multi-faceted, diamon - and drops back into KIRSTY's hands. He stares at KIRSTY and makes a small gesture with his br is ALMOST cute. If anything, it resembles the cocky, aren clever look STEVE gave KIRSTY after swallowing the cigare HELLRAISER. Then his face assumes its normal deadly blank KIRSTY shakes her head dumbly and begins to back into a c hoping that if they converge on her, she might just be ab slip around them and get back to the labyrinth.
4) 6) dialog: Oh, Kirsty; so eager to play, so reluctant to admit it.
4) 9) dialog: Then why are you here?
4) 13) dialog: But it's true, He is his own Hell. Just as you are in yours.
4) 15) dialog: It's different for us.
4) 17) dialog: We have no more surprises. Suddenly, as quickly as it came, the hook withdraws from and flies back into nothingness. PINHEAD puts out his hand in an expansive gesture.
4) 18) dialog: But, please; feel free. Explore. We'll always be here...
5) 0) text: KIRSTY can't quite believe this but she has no intention questioning it. She runs into the corridor and away, with PINHEAD's last words echoing after her.
17) 49) dialog: Oh. No Boxes. Such a shame.
17) 51) dialog: Time to play. KIRSTY looks at his unforgiving face and then her eyes s widen as she thinks Of something.
17) 53) dialog: No more deals, Kirsty. It's your flesh we want to experience, not your skill at bargaining.
17) 55) dialog: Go on. But trick us again, child, and your suffering will be legendary even in Hell. Carefully, making no fast movements, KIRSTY reaches into pocket where she placed the photograph from MALAHIDE's OB ROOM. She brings out the picture that she realized earlie of PINHEAD and hands it to him. He takes hold of it and looks, his face registering nothi
17) 56) dialog: What is this? Someone else you think escaped us, like Frank?
17) 58) dialog: Nonsense, I...
17) 62) dialog: remember.