0) 8) dialog: (off camera) Ah, you're awake. Good. We pull out to see that KIRSTY is sitting up, fully dress hospital bed. RONSON, a police detective, sits on a plain chair, which is the only other piece of furniture in the The walls are bare save for a piece of primitive art on o and, on another, a circular barred window looking out. RONSON stands up and walks to the foot of the bed. He res hand on the bed's metal frame and smiles a perfunctory sm
0) 9) dialog: Tell you what - we'll make a deal. I'll tell you what I know, then you tell me what you know. 0.K.? KIRSTY is still re-orienting herself. She blinks a few ti and then focuses on RONSON's hands gripping the bed.
0) 10) dialog: 
0) 13) dialog: You're in the Malahide Institute. It's a psychiatric hospital. But, hey, don't feel judged - it was just the nearest place to bring you. Remember? You and your boyfriend... ?
0) 15) dialog: Don't worry. He's O.K. We sent him home hours ago. Jeez, what a story. He puts a cigarette in his mouth and lights it.
0) 16) dialog: What was it, kid? Smack? Angel dust? Don't tell me acid's back in fashion?
0) 18) dialog: Oh, excuse me... RONSON reaches in his jacket and flashes an I.D.
0) 19) dialog: Ronson. Homicide. I'm this district's slash and dash expert. Made a career of the nasty ones. That's why I was at your Dad's house. Jesus, what a mess. KIRSTY'S eyes prick with tears. She looks away from RONSO KIRSTY (to herself) Daddy...
0) 24) dialog: We got two missing people and a house full of corpses. He holds out his hand towards KIRSTY in a theatrical mann
0) 25) dialog: Talk to me. KIRSTY swings her legs off the bad, but remains sitting o her feet on the floor. She doesn't look directly at RONSO begins to take in the (few) details of the room for the f time.
0) 27) dialog: Oh, pardon me. I obviously didn't convey my hesitation to take his story at face-value. No, YOU talk to me. But - do me a favor? - none of this DEMONS crap. KIRSTY closes her eyes, almost wincing, as memory comes. KIRSTY opens her eyes. Consciously, she slows the rhythm dialogue down.
0) 29) dialog: Yeah. KIRSTY turns her head to look directly at RONSON.
0) 31) text: Ronson.
0) 37) dialog: What the hell are you asking me for? Tag it. Move it. KIRSTY (to herself) The mattress... The mattress... JULIA. Without waiting for a reply, RONSON switches the radio of clips it back to his belt.
0) 52) dialog: Easy, easy. Whatever happened, whatever you saw, it's not here now.
0) 54) dialog: Who?
0) 61) dialog: Mmmm. O.K. Frankly, I think she's more your territory than mine. Shame. RONSON looks back at KIRSTY.
0) 62) dialog: Kirsty. Doctor Malahide's going to look after you now. Maybe we could talk some more tomorrow. KIRSTY nods vaguely and then, calls out to him. just as RONSON reaches the door,