2) 0) text: We are looking straight down one of the very long corrido Hell. It has the same architecture as the corridor that appeare hospital room in HELLRAISER; walls of stained gray stone up by vaguely medieval-looking arches. KIRSTY comes into view, walking away from the camera. Ah her, at an illogically far distance given that she entere corridor only seconds before KIRSTY, is TIFFANY. KIRSTY breaks into a slight run, and calls out to the gir
5) 1) text: we have Eternity to know your flesh! Delighted CENOBITE laughter follows her back into the lab KIRSTY drops the transformed BOX into her pocket as she begins running through the corridors again. The labyrinth seems tighter now - the corridors shorter, the turns shar Corner after corner we see KIRSTY turn. Accompanying this tightening, the light in the corridors gradually murkier - not quite dark, more like the oppress colourlessness that descends before a thunderstorm breaks Occasionally there are little hissing noises from the wal themselves, which are accompanied by small jets of dull a smoke escaping between the bricks. Over all this, there grows in volume on the soundtrack a rhythmic, labored, resonant sound - a sound somewhere bet breathing and machinery. Suddenly, as KIRSTY turns one more corner, a hand reaches touch her. KIRSTY throws herself back against the far wall of the co unsure whether to fight or flee. Then her face relaxes. I TIFFANY.
7) 0) text: KIRSTY and TIFFANY are now walking together. KIRSTY is talking to her as calmly as her sense of urgenc allow.
7) 4) text: Yeah! KIRSTY throws her arms around TIFFANY and hugs her.
9) 0) text: KIRSTY and TIFFANY are walking warily along a corridor wh suddenly, the corridor wall parts with a roar. Both girl and TIFFANY cries out. A new, and very narrow corridor has been revealed. The GI stare down it. It culminates in a door. Despite being set blank gray stone wall, the door is normal. But frightenin because it is an exact replica of the front door of 55 LO STREET, LARRY's house. Before KIRSTY can react to this, a voice issues from beyo door.
15) 0) text: FRANK is still impaled on the knives, but his anguished h Become small whimpers of complaint (with, given his histo the CENOBITES, perhaps the tiniest note of pleasure in th too) KIRSTY, LARRY and TIFFANY are now gathered together to on of the room near the door that leads to the corridor. The leave, but a kind of sick fascination keeps them watching FRANK realises only leverage will pull him free of the kn lifts his forearms up as much as they are free to. He turns his palms to face the knives and, with a growl o encouragement, drives them deeply onto the knives so that begin to push the rest of his impaled body backwards. It takes several seconds and much pain for him to succeed succeed he does. He flops backwards into the room. Several of the knives have stayed in him, rather than th his chest is decorated, or armed, with many blades. Just as FRANK begins to stand, and just as LARRY and the snap out of it and are about to leave, the door from the BELT ROOM opens and JULIA walks into the room. KIRSTY and LARRY gasp. FRANK gives a slow smile.
17) 0) text: The sucking force is growing stronger by the second. Not LARRY's right hand losing its grip on the edge of the wal his left arm - stretched tight as it clings to KIRSTY and her, TIFFANY - is bleeding profusely again. Suddenly, JULIA appears at the top of the corridor next t In her hand is the white diamond BOX that KIRSTY had let She stays just out of range of the sucking wind. She star LARRY's weakening fingers and smiles.
17) 45) dialog: Oh, shit. KIRSTY looks sharply at TIFFANY for a second, as if she i to comment on her re-found voice, but instead simply nods takes her friend's hand and the GIRLS begin to walk very backwards to the far end of the ward. MALAHIDE is too enraptured of his new power to pay attent specific victims and so makes no move to stop the GIRLS' retreat. Suddenly his palms erupt into a writhing mass of tentacle limbs as his head tips back to emit a wide band of LEVIAT black light at the ceiling, accompanied by, renewed inhum laughter. Taking this as their cue, the GIRLS turn and bolt for the at the far and of the ward and exit through them. The limbs extrude from MALAHIDE's palms only twelve inche and are all quite thin, but they all have independent mov and they all have various surgical-like, gleaming tips. M floats over to the nearest bed. He looks at the patient a looks at the bladed tips of his new limbs and, as if addr them, speaks.
17) 71) dialog: I have to go back. Or it'll never stop.
17) 73) dialog: (to herself) I've got to finish it.
18) 0) text: TIFFANY's skill at finding her way through puzzles means GIRLS are soon in the murkier corridors close to the Cent Hell seems angrier now, steam is issuing in jets from the corridor walls, the cries of children are heard faintly o soundtrack, LEVIATHAN's breathing is more dominant, perha light is even pulsing in time with it. KIRSTY is still several yards behind TIFFANY. TIFFANY tak corner and is out of sight for a second or so . KIRSTY da around the corner to find TIFFANY staring with distress a something on the floor. It is the skin ripped off JULIA by the vacuum tunnel earl
18) 1) text: Oh, gross. TIFFANY bends down and retrieves the white diamond BOX fr empty fingers.
18) 3) dialog: I can't do it here. I have to go to it.
19) 0) text: LEVIATHAN spins and fires light in the centre, his machin breathing drowning all other sound. We are looking down t catwalk as KIRSTY and TIFFANY approach its edge. The beams of black light wash across their faces, as they over MALAHIDE's in the earlier scene. Images of horror fr momentarily before them and then pass on, only to be repl others.
19) 1) dialog: I'm scared.
19) 12) text: Trust me. TIFFANY lifts one hand off the edge and grabs at JULIA's proffered wrist. JULIA begins to pull up and for a moment it seems the cri over. Then a terrible and familiar ripping noise is heard skin of the arm that TIFFANY clings to begins to rip free shoulder. Gradually, like a shirt's threads unraveling, i comes off. TIFFANY's weight pulls it clear like a very lo very tasteless evening glove and it seems she will finall the long drop. At the final second, as the arm-skin comes the entire skin flies from the body and falls with its ar the abyss. TIFFANY screams. She is going to die. But suddenly the two arms that have Just lost their skin again and catch her fingers. TIFFANY is hauled over the e staggers to her feet, staring into the-bloodied face of K who had donned JULIA's skin to help her friend. The two girls share a quick and joyous embrace and then r rapidly up the catwalk. The camera stays with LEVIATHAN. The rumbling stops. And the mountainous BOX creaks into i sealed position.
19) 20) dialog: It's been Hell. They share a rueful knowing smile, like the smile of sold back from a war who say goodbye on a dockside and know th never meet again. TIFFANY turns and walks down the long path to the hospita KIRSTY watches her for a few moments and then turns and r the institute. The camera TRACKS back to the window of the RECOVERY ROOM watch through the window as KIRSTY enters the room. She b kiss her father's cheek. LARRY slips an arm around her sh and they embrace. The camera moves away again. 122 INT. HALLWAY MALAHIDE's HOUSE DAY The camera TRACKS slowly up MALAHIDE's hallway. The hallw lined with packing cases filled with items from the house WORKMAN is shoving something into one of the cases. As th moves past him, he speaks.