31) 6) dialog: So, Jack... think you be a Green Man and not know Gump.
31) 8) dialog: Aye, Honeythorn Gump, come to serenade you, Jack... come to make you dance.
31) 10) dialog: Oh, but you will be, Jack... Think you to sleep in a faerie ring and not spend the night a-dancing?
31) 12) dialog: To be sure. Gump steps back and sweeps away the snow with his cap lik an over-zealous house porter.  A ring of red toadstools i revealed.
31) 13) dialog: A lively reel twill warm your bones. Gump throws a handful of herbs onto the fire and the flames leap high, revealing the watchers whose eyes glowe in the dark.  Sitting in a semi-circle just outside the faerie ring are a number of foxes, wild goats, hares, weasels and badgers.
31) 14) dialog: Here be your partners, Jack. Gump begins to strum a wild, haunting melody on his harp. The animals leap into the faerie ring, and linking paws, start a frantic circular dance around the bewildered Jack
31) 16) dialog: Dance, Jack!  The night's but begun. Jack cannot resist.  He is drawn into the wild dance. Grabbing hold of a fox's paw, he joins the circle, leapin and cavorting to the maddening music. The tempo increases; the music growing ever-more manic as the crazed dancers whirl and caper.  Jack seems in a panic, dancing against his will, a prisoner of the frenzied harp-strumming.
31) 18) text: Stop it...!  No more... Gump pays no attention to his pleas, jumping wildly up an down as he flails at his harp.
31) 19) dialog: Round and round and round and round, Before you're lost ye most be found... Jack's face is a mask of agony; the dance pure hell.  Wit a supreme effort of will, he wrenches free from the fox's grasp and hurls himself to the ground by the fire.  The rhythm disrupted, the other animal dancers continue awkwardly as the music stops.  Gump is furious.
31) 21) dialog: And how is it a mortal dare dictate to the faerie folk?  Is me music not to your liking?  Mayhap the dance of death by more your pleasure.
31) 23) dialog: You'll have a long, long rest in the tomb, me lad.
31) 26) dialog: Didn't you now?  Well then, answer me this riddle and all be forgiven.
31) 28) dialog: Why, Jack, then tis your death song I'll be strumming. The animal dancers have stopped their frolic and stand solemnly watching the bewildered Green Man.
31) 30) dialog: What is a bell that does not ring, Yet, its knell makes the angels sing? Gump laughs, knowing full-well Jack can't solve his riddle.  Jack frowns in concentration, then breaks into a broad grin as the memory of Lili's song rushes back to him.
31) 32) dialog: What!
31) 34) dialog: Damnation!  Codfish and cockles! Gammon and trotters!  You've bested me, Jack.
31) 36) dialog: (pleased with this)
31) 37) text: Well spoke.  True to the mark.  And if it's wine you're wanting, it's wine we shall have. Honeythorn Gump strides to the rear of the overhang, and brushing away the concealing cobwebs, ferns and moss, reveals a small wooden door built into the rock itself. Gump throws open the door and bows low for Jack to enter.
31) 38) dialog: You be our guest, Jack.
31) 40) text: I'm honored, Honeythorn Gump... but no more tricks.
31) 41) dialog: You have me word, lad.  To answer a faerie riddle deserves as much.
31) 43) dialog: I've laid eyes on no mortal but you this day, Jack.
31) 45) dialog: Mayhap you be the one what's lost, and she safe by the castle hearth... but, come Jack, we'll warm your bones. Gump moves to the fire and pulls a burning brand from the flames.  As he does so, the animal dancers subtly shift and change, their forms dissolving like mist in the morning sun, transforming into faerie creatures.  The fox becomes a lithe, winged female wood nymph; the badger a squat goblin.  The other animals change into a variety of pixies, gnomes and brownies, all chattering and singing i an ancient, musical tongue. Gump leads the way through the door in the rock, followed by Jack and the teasing faeries.
31) 46) dialog: (singing)
32) 0) text: A narrow tunnel winds under the hill, twisting down between gnarled tree-roots and projecting splinters of ancient bone.  A rickety set of wooden steps has been built in this tunnel and Gump leads the precarious way down into the earth, holding his torch on high and singin for all his worth.  The other faeries tease Jack, jabbering and twitting and they pull his hair and tug at his clothing.  Jack does his best to ignore them, and at the same time, maintain a brave demeanor as he struggles for balance on the creaking stairs.
32) 1) dialog: (singing)
32) 2) text: The name of this faerie was Honeythorn Gump, Hey, riddle-diddle and nickety-noo; The sound of his harp made the mortals all jump, Nickety, nackety, noo-noo-noo. At the stroke of midnight, in the light of the moon, Hey, riddle-diddle and nickety-noo; All the faeries dance to Honeythorn's tune, Nickety-nackety, noo-noo-noo...
33) 0) text: Gump guides the procession in to a vast underground hall, hung with fine tapestries and filled with all manner of odd and ancient wonders:  Roman armor, bits of mosaics an marble statuary, etc.  A long wooden trestle table stretches down the center of the hall, set with burning candles, bowls of fruit and nuts, golden goblets of every shape and size. Gump tosses his torch into an open, glowing fire-pit, the smoke drifting up to the shrouded tree-roots above.
33) 1) dialog: Here we be.  And fit for a king if I say so meself. Jack is properly awed.
33) 3) dialog: Indeed, me lad.  And if life is a dream, better you dread the waking. Several rows of wine casks are ranked against one wall. Gump seizes a large flagon from the table and fills it with sparkling elderberry wine. Jack sits somewhat uncomfortably in the High Seat with it ornately carved dragons and basalisks entwined about him. The beautiful wood nymph hovers by his side, smiling and whispering in his ear. Gump fills Jack's goblet from the flagon and sets about filling the others in turn down the table.  Jack is embarrassed by the wood nymph's obvious attentions.
33) 5) dialog: Why, Jack-lad, she likes you, is all.  And what hot-blooded hero wouldn't welcome the affections of a fair nymph like Oona here...?  If your blood runs so cold, boy, you be a corpse before your time.
33) 7) dialog: Fool question, lad.  Drink up and warm your blood.  You'll find the answer at the bottom of your cup. Gump motions with his flagon for Jack to drink, but the Green Man merely lifts his goblet and stares dolefully at the contents.
33) 8) dialog: Elderberry wine.  No finer drink under heaven.
33) 11) dialog: Are ye afraid of me wine?  Did your momma tell ye never to take food nor drink from the Wee Folk?  Think if ye sup with the faeries you'll be enchanted?
33) 13) dialog: Generally known!  What general ever knew more than to lace up his boots?
33) 15) dialog: He is afraid of enchantment!  Will you listen to the fool prattle on. All the faeries and goblins burst into raucous laughter.
33) 16) dialog: Here the world is turned upside- down; precious summertime frozen into a wintry memory; the underworld unleashed and all spirits walk the earth at will... this be the state of things and the blamed fool won't take a sip of wine for fear of enchantment! Jack swallows his fear.  He stares heard into his cup and in a single decisive moment, drains it to the bottom.  Th faeries all clap and cheer.  Oona gives him a big hug.
33) 18) dialog: Big question that, lad.  Why what?
33) 20) dialog: Aye.  Honeythorn Gump'd be a powerful wizard indeed could he answer.
33) 22) dialog: If you're looking for enchantment, Jack, that I can give thee... Gump screws up his face with concentration and gestures with his emerald ring.  All at once, the carved dragons and serpents on Jack's chair seem to come alive.  They writhe out of the woodwork, sinuous and evil.  Jack is terrified as they wrap about him, pinning his arms and chest to the chair as Oona and the other faeries laugh with malicious glee.
33) 24) dialog: That much magic I can offer ye, a small measure of entertainment at best.  Making the world a frozen hell is beyond me modest powers.
33) 26) dialog: If ye want more tricks, I'm your man, but for big questions ye must go elsewhere.
33) 28) dialog: Course we care.  What good's the world locked in a season of death. Frozen up, no folks to scare out of their wits on a summer's night; no babies to tickle; no more spells to cast... Think that's an enjoyable prospect?
33) 30) dialog: True... But it won't come easy or free.  If ye want to ask, ask Jenny Greenteeth.
33) 32) dialog: Someone worthy of respect, lad.  She be a water spirit, lives in a bog down at sea-side.  Hideous creature to look at, even by my doubtful standards; devours little children, she does, when she can catch them.
33) 34) dialog: Think there be truth only in beauty, lad?  If you've the courage to ask and take care to avoid her terrible claws, Jenny Greenteeth has the answers you seek.
33) 36) dialog: Aye.  On the morrow we go, but tonight... (he lifts his flagon high)
33) 37) text: ... tonight is for making merry. Gump drinks the flagon down.  The other faeries and Jack join in the festivities, lifting their goblets in a single, raucous toast.
35) 1) text: Out of the marsh, the troop of elves and faeries is led b Gump and Jack.  The procession shimmers and sparkles, and Lili shrinks back from the joyous proceedings, hiding herself in shame.
36) 2) dialog: (sadly)
36) 3) text: Mortals at their foolish pleasure, Rob the Earth of all her treasure... Jack kneels beside the dead unicorn, dumb with sorrow.  H runs has hand along the hollow flank of the fallen animal One of the evil Baron's barbed bolts stands straight out of the unicorn's neck and Jack yanks it free with a sudde pull.  He is about to hurl the weapon far out into the swamp when he thinks better of it and pushes the bolt int his belt. Gump silently motions with his head and starts away from the unicorn's body.  The other faeries follow dejectedly. Jack is the last to leave, staring down at the mutilated animal as the anger inside builds to a fury.
37) 0) text: A fearful slimy place.  The roots of a rotted oak twist down into the murky water like dead men's fingers.  A fou green slime floats on the surface.  Several splintered bones protrude from the mud at the water's edge. Gump and the faeries stop a good ways off.  They can feel the potent evil of the spot and dread it.  Any semblance of joy has left them.  Gump's demeanor is as dour and severe as a schoolmaster's.
37) 2) dialog: Aye. (pointing)
37) 5) dialog: Don't get caught, that's what! She'll suck your bones like honey- comb. Gump reaches into his jerkin and produces a small ivory- mounted hand-mirror.  He gives this to Jack.
37) 6) dialog: Here now.  Toss her this when you've the chance.  Jenny Greenteeth can't resist the sight of herself in a glass.  She's terribly vain.  Praise her beauty and you'll lull her sweet as a babe in a cradle.
37) 9) dialog: Fie on what she thinks!  You mind her claws and teeth... Cast your spell, Oona. At Gump's command, the faerie Oona begins to spin.  She twirls into an iridescent blur, surrounding herself with a cocoon of light, and when she slows, she has metamorphosed into the image of a four-year old girl with pink cheeks and golden ringlets. Skipping and singing, the transformed Oona makes her way around the edge of the bog.  Jack follows, somewhat unsurely, at a safe distance. The apparition of the little girl kneels by the bank. There is a slight disturbance on the scummy surface of th water, as if a sudden, localized wind had sprung up.  All at once, like a serpent rising from the depths, a bony, mottled-green arm thrusts up through the slime, the clawe fingers clutching for the child. Even as the fierce talons close on their prey, the "child is gone in a dazzle of light and the winged, laughing Oon hovers high above the bog, looking down on the fearsome and outraged JENNY GREENTEETH. The water hag is the color of a decomposing corpse.  And like a corpse, her ragged flesh and hair seem to be peeling in tatters from the emaciated body.  Her nose has caved in, and her rotted lips betray a mouthful of fearsome fangs.  She is furious at having been tricked an rails at Oona.
37) 61) text: What a fine meal you'd make, be the rest of you sweet as your tongue. Jenny Greenteeth slips abruptly under the foul surface of her bog hole.  Jack returns to Gump and the other faeries
37) 63) dialog: Lamentable news, Jack... but tis the fate of the living concerns us now.
37) 65) dialog: Aye.  Black Baron's mischief.
37) 67) dialog: Time for a champion.  Can you do more than pick acorns and rob bird's nests, Jack?
37) 69) dialog: (clapping Jack on the back)
37) 72) dialog: I know where to find it.  Taking possession be another matter.
38) 1) dialog: There it be, lad.  The Lindfarne Mound.  Kings long forgotten lie there, lost in their final sleep.
38) 3) dialog: A tomb it once was, boy, and a tomb it may yet be... There's another in residence at Lindfarne now.
38) 5) dialog: No less a creature than the Lindfarne Worm. At the mention of the dread name, Oona and the other faeries cringe and chatter fearfully.
38) 7) dialog: Now, Jack-lad, no one's asking ye to skewer the worm.  Even St. Michael'd have a job on his hands for all that.  But the serpent hoards a pile of booty, Achilles' armor among his treasures... if we find our way within the mound and him asleep...
39) 0) text: The faeries gather around a circular opening atop the tumulus.  Quantities of smoke issue from the interior. Gump ties one end of a coiled rope to a large stone.  The other end is lowered into the mound.
39) 1) dialog: Better pray the worm's a sound sleeper, Jack.
39) 3) dialog: There's the spirit, lad.  If ye run into trouble, give a yank here and we'll haul ye up.
39) 5) dialog: You'll know it when you see it... tis a splendid sight, all covered with gold... Don't fear making noise.  Dragons be deaf as tree stumps. Jack takes hold of the rope and lowers himself into the smoking hole.  Oona flutters over and kisses him on the cheek.
39) 9) dialog: No need.  There be no more potent charm than a faerie's love. Embarrassed, Jack slides from sight into the hole.
41) 34) dialog: (calling)
41) 38) dialog: (calling)
41) 41) dialog: Running with the rope, Gump pendulums into the air, swinging back and forth across the interior of the mound. Snatching up a jeweled war-club, he swings past the dragon's head, belaboring him with the mace as he passes.
41) 42) dialog: Filthy worm!  Have a taste o' that! Furious and distracted, the raging dragon turns his attentions to this new annoyance, swatting out with his talons as Gump swings by him.  Oona buzzes round and roun his smoking, fearsome head, staying just out of reach as the dragon slashes at her.
41) 43) dialog: Leg it, Jack!  Move lad, while there's time.
43) 0) text: All the faeries have gathered for a great feast.  The dragon's severed head is set upright on a pike.  Haunches of spitted dragon meat turn slowly over a bed of coals. Much of the treasure has been gathered into sacks and stands by the rope like harvest grain awaiting transport. Several gnomes and elves are busy hoisting the sacks up out of the mound.  Jack and the other faeries sit on the dragon's carcass, feasting and swilling wine from golden goblets.  Jack wears the armor of Achilles and in it he i transformed from a wild hermit to a valiant knight.  The others wear bits and pieces of bejeweled armor plucked from the treasure hoard.  Gump has on a horned Viking helmet which fits him badly.  Another imp, a monkey-faced elf named SCREWBALL, wears the helm of a Roman legionnaire.  Everyone is singing.
43) 2) text: The dragon's breath is made of fire, His heart be black with sin, sin, sin. But, his meat's as sweet as any desire, After you've lifted his skin, skin, skin... The faeries laugh and cavort.  Gump waves a sizzling lump of dragon meat in the air.
43) 3) dialog: There be no finer victuals than worm flesh, lad.
43) 6) dialog: Hush up, Screwball.  Do your own worm-sticking if you like the taste so well.
43) 9) dialog: No false modesty, lad.  You're a proper champion.  Achilles' armor sits on you like it was forged to fit.
43) 13) dialog: Well then, you've got the sword and you've got the armor; all's lacking is the steed.
43) 16) dialog: True, lad, the stallion's gone, but the mare still lives. Jack smiles:  this is a happy truth.
44) 0) text: An isolated glade deep in the frozen forest.  Icicles han like frozen daggers from the surrounding trees.  A light dusting of snow powders the ground.  No birds sing.  All is silent and still. Jack, Gump, Screwball and Oona creep through the ice- coated underbrush.  Screwball is clumsy and crashes over several gelid ferns which break like shattering crystal.
44) 2) dialog: Screwball!  You dolt!  I've a mind to change you into a toad.
44) 9) dialog: Shhhh!
44) 12) dialog: Something's coming. Indeed, an animal can clearly be heard approaching the glade; a crunch of footfalls on the frozen ground and the icy crack of branches snapping.  Jack and his companions peer around the tree trunk.
44) 17) dialog: Pregnant, is she?
44) 20) dialog: Wolves!
44) 24) dialog: Careful, lad. The wolves' HOWLING grows LOUDER.
44) 35) text: Watch behind or I'll never collect on it! Jack spins about in time to see the leader's mate charge savagely.  The wolf leaps, a high, acrobatic arc whose trajectory moves from a blur of gray fur to the precise delineation of cold yellow eyes, lolling tongue and wicked, gleaming fangs. Jack lifts his sword as the wolf lands on his shoulders and chest.  Falling backwards, Jack thrusts up and the ti on his blade impales the wolf as they drop to the ground. Tossing the squirming animal as a farmer would a fork-loa of hay, Jack flips the wolf over his head.  Scrambling to his knees, he delivers the death-stroke with swift efficiency. Standing over the dead wolves, sword in hand, his breastplate drenched in their blood, Jack is terrible to behold.  The others in the pack sense they have been beaten and slink whimpering back into the woods, tails abjectly hooked between their legs. Gump, Screwball and Oona dart from their hiding places. They jump and leap about Jack, chattering happily.
44) 36) dialog: Well done, lad.  Stout heart.
44) 45) dialog: A wee stallion. Jack drops to his knees before the mare.
44) 50) dialog: Aye.  This wee stud'll beget a line of champions. The faeries kneel with Jack before the unicorn and her foal.  The mare regards them without fear, recognizing friends.  Stretching out her neck to Jack, she allows him to pet her and scratch behind her ears.
46) 0) text: Jack surveys his elfin army from the crest of the hill. He is mounted bareback on Sapphire, the mare unicorn, and rides easily without reins or bridle.  The tiny black foa trots alongside his mother, and beside it pants an angry Gump.
46) 1) dialog: Don't see why I can't ride, too! I'm second in command, damn it!
46) 3) dialog: I'm small... and I can make myself smaller still... Small as a bee! Small as dust...!  Want to see me do it?
46) 5) dialog: Tricks, is it?  Why I'll trick ye! Ungrateful whelp!  I'll sour your milk and bird droppings'll fall from the sky wherever ye walk.
46) 7) dialog: Aye!  That too.
46) 9) dialog: I'll drop a cow on the knave!
46) 11) dialog: Fine-looking army.
46) 13) dialog: How do you plan on finding this here castle, if ye don't mind me asking?
46) 15) dialog: Track the demon to his lair.
47) 0) text: The rag-tag army of faeries on the march.  Jack rides at the head of the column on Sapphire.  Gump has had his way and is mounted on the colt, who trots obediently by his mother's side.  The other elves and faeries are either on foot or mounted on an odd array of wild animals.  Deer, foxes, rabbits, each serves as a steed for a tiny warrior Bright banners undulate from numbers of lance tips.  A variety of armor glistens in the pale wintry sun. Overhead, Oona and several other small nymphs ride on flying songbirds. As they march and ride, all the faerie folk are singing, their voices high and clear, shimmering like wind over a moonlit lake; precise as birdsong; haunting as an echo.
48) 7) dialog: Trouble, Jack? Jack points at the raven flying high over the treetops.
48) 9) dialog: Whatever for?
48) 11) dialog: Aye.  Said to follow it to the edge of night.  But is this the right bird?
48) 13) dialog: Birds speak to me all the time. What did it say?
48) 15) dialog: Sounds like the bird we want. (calling to troops)
49) 14) dialog: How do we follow a raven we can't even see?
49) 16) dialog: Good plan that. All at once.  Screwball and his two frightened companions come charging down the trail, causing the other faeries t scramble out of their way.  This precipitates a certain grumbling:  "Watch out!  Be careful!  Mind where you're going, etc."
49) 19) dialog: Barely living, from the looks of it.
50) 0) text: Jack pulls the mare to a stop in the grove of malformed trees.  He jumps to the ground and has a closer look at these curiosities.  Gump and the others ride up behind.
50) 2) dialog: These chaps'll need a woodpecker to pick their teeth. Jack pauses before a familiar tree, studying the grieved features molded into the bark.
50) 6) dialog: Blackheart?
50) 8) dialog: Foul fellow, this Couer de Noir.
50) 10) dialog: (shouting)
50) 11) text: Jack, don't! Gump's warning comes too late.  Jack swings his mighty sword, driving the blade deep into a tree trunk resemblin one of the hunters.  The air is rent by a piercing SCREAM Bright red blood gushes from where the sword cut the bark flowing in a crimson stream down the trunk.
50) 15) dialog: (grunting)
50) 18) dialog: Ofttimes, the wee folk come out to tend the wounded... staunch bleeding with cobwebs... give a parched mouth a sip of dew... cool a fevered brow... The applications of mud and moss begin to work.  The bleeding from the bark abates.
50) 20) dialog: Well... if the knight be already dead; what harm is there in... borrowing a thing or two?
52) 0) text: Jack rides silently at the head of the procession.  He seems locked deep within himself.  Gump and Screwball tro alongside, obviously uncomfortable with Jack's somber brooding.  Neither of the faeries has the heart to break the oppressive silence. All at once, the bird darts down out of the trees above, circles twittering, and glides in for a perfect landing o Jack's shoulder.  Oona dismounts; rather, she herself flutters delicately into the air and flies over to Jack's other shoulder.  She caresses his cheek and whispers softly into his ear.
52) 1) dialog: (impatiently)
52) 2) text: What's she say...?  What's she say? Oona makes a disagreeable face at Gump.  Jack reaches up and she hops into his hand with a smile.
52) 4) dialog: That would be Devil's Needle.  Last landmark I know in these woods.
52) 6) dialog: Screwball!  Be quiet...!  We have friends live 'neath the Needle. They'll no doubt provide safe refuge for the night.
52) 8) dialog: Beyond Devil's Needle, all is unknown.
53) 2) dialog: Nay, Jack, tis not what you're thinking.
53) 4) dialog: Jack, Jack, it's dwarves live here. Hard-working chaps.  Hammering in the forge all the live-long day. Make the most wondrous things, they do. Jack stoops, picking a skull off the ground.
53) 6) dialog: Nay.  That's but to distract the casual visitor.  A dwarf is too busy to suffer fools gladly.
53) 8) dialog: Your imagination runs away with you, Jack... Those bones be but battlefield gleanings, like I mentioned.  A wee bit of carrion to frighten off the uninvited.
53) 13) dialog: You do the ferrets grave injustice, Jack. (staring into the cave)
53) 14) text: But come... best settled 'fore dark. This is inhospitable country at night.  All manner of spriggen and banshee and bogies walk these woods after sunset. Gump leads the way into the cave.  Jack and the others follow.
54) 0) text: Stalactites twist down like fangs from above as Gump lead the way through the underground labyrinth.  Screwball walks at his side, a flaming candle-stub stuck to the top of his outlandish Roman helmet.  Jack is right behind and the other faeries are strung out in the rear, some carrying torches, some candle-lanterns, others merely lighting the way with their own mysterious foxfire glow. Turning a final corner, the procession comes to a huge golden gong hanging on the cave wall, a wooden mallet beside it.
54) 1) dialog: We wait here.  Those that come this far be considered guests.  The others... well, many false twists and turns lure them astray. Gump delivers the gong a smart mallet blow.  A surprisingly musical note echoes and re-echoes down maze- like passages.
54) 3) dialog: Pure gold it is... plays a different note every time. Gump strikes the gong again.  The pure, musical sound is indeed different as it reverberates among the stalactites
54) 4) dialog: See? Gump strikes it a third time.  Another note, even more beautiful, echoes with the sound, forming a melodic chord within the cave. From around the bend a dwarf suddenly appears.  This is OGG.  He is short, muscular fellow with a gray, waist- length beard covering his naked chest.  His leather blacksmith's apron reaches all the way to the ground, concealing his feet.
54) 6) dialog: Friend Ogg.  Excuse our enthusiasm, occasioned as it was by a fondness for you.
54) 8) dialog: Well, bygones're bygones, I always say.
54) 10) dialog: Twas Jimmy done that, I merely stood for the blame unfairly... but, here now, Ogg, this be no time to rehash old differences, I've friends along in need of safe haven for the night.
54) 12) dialog: Screwball you know, and many other of the wee folk.  We serve as escort for our grand champion, Jack o' the Green. Gump nods at Jack who bows politely.
54) 17) dialog: We seek to undo the curse.
55) 0) text: Ogg is far in the distance.  Although his looks are deceptive, he is very agile and makes much better time underground than the other faeries. Suddenly, Jack stops short.  He grabs Gump's arm and points to the sandy cave floor.
55) 2) dialog: Something the matter?
55) 6) dialog: Shhh!  Not so loud, mayhap he'll hear ye.
55) 8) dialog: Dwarves be very sensitive about their feet.
55) 10) dialog: Very secretive, they are.  Keep their feet covered up.  Best if you don't mention it. Far down the passage, Ogg waves his arm impatiently.
55) 14) dialog: I should hope not!
55) 16) dialog: Words be a far sight better than a dwarf's foot.
56) 0) text: An underground Medieval factory.  A row of glowing open hearth furnaces cast a vivid molten light across a dozen forges.  Everywhere, dwarves are at work, hammering on anvils, heating metal with tongs, pumping bellows and trip-hammers; all wearing beards and floor-length leather aprons.  The ROAR and CLANG of industry fills the air. The faerie troops recline in shadowy niches along the bac wall, eating and getting ready for sleep.  Candles flicker, contrasting with the occasional will-o-the-wisp dazzle of faerie light. Ogg guides Jack and Gump on a tour of the workshop, past bellows and furnaces without a word.  Jack has a bowl of gruel and a wooden spoon.  He eats with relish.  Gump slurps at a dripping honeycomb.
57) 0) text: Ogg leads Jack and Gump to a forge set somewhat apart fro the others.  THURGIS is a hunch-backed dwarf busy shaping a white-hot sword blade on his anvil.  A barely perceptible nod is his only greeting to the visitors. Rows of impeccably finished weapons, spears, swords and axes, stand stacked along the wall.  Hanging above are magnificent golden shields and helmets.  Jack puts down his bowl and examines the weapons as Thurgis plunges his glowing blade into a vat of blood.  The HISS of steam is like a cry of pain.
57) 7) dialog: Jack's a grand champion.
57) 19) dialog: Stoutly spoke, lad.  These dwarves be sore grouches... Pay no heed to their spiteful grumbling. Gump grabs Jack by the arm and leads him away from the forge.
57) 21) text: I do thank you for your hospitality. The dwarves make no reply, but stand solemnly watching as Gump and Jack leave the workshop.
58) 0) text: Jack sits on the straw-pile unbuckling his breastplate. Gump helps him to remove his greaves.  The fabled sword leans an arm-length away.
58) 1) dialog: Don't let this talk of heroes upset you, Jack.  Sigurd's sword is no great thing.  The Volsung killed Fafnir.  You killed Lindfarne. That's one worm apiece... I'd say you and Sigurd were neck-and-neck.
58) 4) dialog: Tis not the sword that counts, but the man what swings it. (Gump rises to leave)
58) 7) dialog: Your strong right arm's all the protection I'll need this night. Gump wonders off.  Jack arranges his bedding so it suits him.  He places his sword close by the pillow and turns t blow out the candle.  He is distracted by the glow of faerie light and a musical presence.  This is Oona.
61) 0) text: It is the next morning.  The faerie army is preparing for the march, donning armor and putting a keen edge on this weapons.  Jack is mounted on Sapphire, resplendent in Achilles' armor.  Gump brushes the coat of the foal.  Ogg Thurgis and several other dwarves have assembled to see them off.
61) 3) dialog: Be gentle with them, Jack.  They only march to please you.  Were this a faerie journey, we'd ride the wind on thistledown and ragwort stems. Thurgis and Ogg approach.  Thurgis carries a large, round golden shield.  Ogg has something concealed behind his back.
61) 9) dialog: We be honored, friend Ogg.
62) 0) text: The trees are twisted and grotesque.  A dense undergrowth of tangled vines studded with six-inch thorns block the troop's progress like over-sized concertina wire.  Jack rides at the head of the column, hacking a pathway throug the vines with his enchanted sword.  Gump rides just behind, doing his best with his tiny battleaxe to clean u the excess.
62) 1) dialog: ... this rate... we'll all be in our graves... 'fore we reach the Baron's fortress...
62) 3) dialog: Going grows slower... we've not made... half a mile in two hours... Jack continues slashing at the serpentine vines.  A final vigorous sword-stroke reveals a frozen meadow; broad, open, and inviting.
62) 5) dialog: God's blessing.
63) 1) dialog: What make ye of that, Jack?
63) 8) dialog: Is it a net, then?
63) 12) dialog: Willful creature, that one...
63) 23) dialog: Stay on your guard, Jack.  The bug is enchanted surely. Jack sheathes his sword, lowers his lance, and spurring the unicorn with a kick of his heels, charges straight at the giant beetle. The goblin archers rush forward shouting towards the cliff. Jack rides straight at the big beetle.  His lance strikes the hard carapace of the thorax and glances off, doing no harm. Jack wheels the unicorn around and charges a second time. The lance hits the wing-casing and shatters.  Jack is thrown from his mount.  The evil beetle closes on him, pincers opening and closing like some grotesque engine of war.
63) 35) dialog: Well done, lad.
63) 37) dialog: Is she... dead?
63) 39) dialog: We're blind now.  Oona was our eyes and ears.  How do we find the Castle Couer de Noir without her?
63) 41) dialog: Easily said... the raven passed this way hours ago.
63) 43) dialog: Never knowing when it takes a turn or changes course.
63) 45) dialog: Aye, lad... we've little else to go by. The goblins and faeries have prepared a small litter from two lances and a woolen cloak.  Three faeries lift Oona and place her on the litter.  Her face is serene, as if she were sleeping.
63) 47) dialog: (barking)
64) 0) text: The column of armed faeries marches steadily up the defile.  Jack rides at the head; Gump beside him on the colt.  Four faeries bear the litter, carrying Oona on their shoulders.  In the distance behind them are four small, flower-decked mounds:  the freshly dug graves in which their fallen comrades lie buried.
67) 0) text: A heavy mist shrouds the twisted trees, blunting their agonized shapes as if in pity.  The Baron's demonic LAUGHTER CARRIES OVER and merges with the raucous CALLING of crows.  A flight of the black birds passes through the fog, appearing suddenly, then fading just as abruptly int the gray. The SOUND of marching men is HEARD.  A moment later, the faerie troop is glimpsed, trudging forward out of the mist.  Jack and Gump ride at the head of the dispirited column.
67) 2) dialog: Long as we don't lose heart, Jack...
67) 4) dialog: Once you thought we'd never find the Greek's armor and look at ye now, decked out like a proper hero.
67) 8) dialog: Wait, Jack.
67) 10) dialog: (shouting)
67) 11) text: Jack, no! Gump urges the colt into a fast run and hurries after Jack. The pig-headed creature darts off the trail and sprints into the woods.  Jack is right behind, the unicorn swift as the wind.  Which-ever way the creature turns in his frantic effort to escape, the unicorn leaps ahead, cuttin him off. A projecting tree-root catches the creature's foot and sends him sprawling.  Jack leaps down, sword in hand and rushes up for the kill. The creature snuffles and grunts with fear as Jack stands over him, poised for the killing thrust.
67) 14) dialog: Hold, Jack!  Don't strike!
67) 16) dialog: I know the rogue, Jack.  Tis Jimmy Squarefoot.
67) 18) dialog: He be a frightful-looking sod, tis true, but harmless for all that.
67) 21) dialog: He's no enemy, that's sure. Jack relents and sheathes his terrible sword.
67) 24) dialog: Aye.  We be on a quest to set the world aright --
67) 29) dialog: Well, clap yourself on the back then, mate, and point the way to Castle Couer de Noir. Jimmy Squarefoot gets to his feet, dusts himself off with dignity, and with exaggerated formality, extends his arms and points into the distance.
67) 35) dialog: Hear him out, Jack.
67) 41) dialog: Will you do it, Jimmy?
67) 46) dialog: No... but what choice have we?
69) 0) text: A small fire blazes under an ice-coated tree.  The faerie troop huddles about it in their robes for warmth. Deformed like a torture victim, Castle Couer de Noir is silhouetted against the frozen sky. Gump and Jimmy Squarefoot sit on a fallen log next to Jack, who stares gloomily at the hideous fortress beyond the trees.
69) 1) dialog: (shivering)
69) 7) dialog: Don't like the feel of it, Jack.
69) 10) dialog: Mayhap the Baron wanted us to find him.  What good is magic if you don't make use of it.
69) 12) dialog: It feels wrong, Jack... like a trap.
69) 14) dialog: Aye, so long as you're not too greedy for the bait.
69) 19) dialog: That be so, better you pinch yourself now, Jack.
69) 21) dialog: Pray they don't turn out to be nightmares. Jack ponders this morbid thought as he and is companions stare silently into the dwindling fire.
70) 1) text: The faerie warriors prepare for battle.  Moving like ghosts in the mist, they gather weapons and carefully hon their swords and spear-tips. SOUNDS of HAMMERING and CHOPPING, as the elves and goblin work at building ladders and siege equipment. A pair of faeries fits together a catapult, the parts of which were painfully transported all this distance. Jack and Gump stand on a small rise overseeing the activity.  As the sun's warmth dispels the mist, the massive walls of Castle Couer de Noir materialize before them.
70) 5) dialog: Tells you something 'bout him what lives there...
70) 7) dialog: Why not mine the damned walls?
70) 9) dialog: I'll set the dwarves to digging. Gump hurries off down the hill, muttering and chuckling t himself.
70) 10) dialog: Together unto the breach... storming the bastions of darkness...
72) 0) text: A FANFARE of trumpets as the faerie soldiers form ranks o the plain before Castle Couer de Noir.  Rows of catapults siege towers and scaling ladders are arranged along the edge of the icy forest.  Gump strides up and down in his armor before the assembling troops, barking orders like a sergeant-major.
72) 1) dialog: Step lively now...!  Pick up the pace, lads... This is war, not baby- pinching or curdling milk... Splendid in his armor, Jack rides the unicorn in review a the faerie soldiers stand in proud formation before him.
72) 7) text: Screwball has a frog/bat attached to his face, the tiny teeth ripping.  He tears at the creature and falls to the ground, rolling over and over and SCREAMING in pain. A frog/bat zooms down on Gump.  SEEN C.U., the gaping frog-mouth with its row of needle-sharp teeth is genuinel terrifying. Gump is already having problems with a half-dozen clingin frog/bats.  They bite and tear through his clothing as he swats at them. The entire formation of faerie soldiers is in disarray. They mill about in frantic confusion, helplessly fighting the swirling myriads of frog/bats surrounding them. In his armor, Jack is relatively well-protected from the infuriating creatures.  Sword in hand, he hacks flying frog/bats from the the air as skillfully as a tennis player returning a serve.  Several of the evil winged creatures land on the unicorn's rump, biting and drawing blood.  Sapphire rears and whinnies in fear and pain. Jack swats them off with his free hand, doing his best to soothe his mount at the same time.
73) 2) dialog: A fine mess this is... horrid, nipping creatures... What do we now, Jack?
73) 4) dialog: Easily spoken...
73) 6) dialog: There aren't enough arrows.
73) 8) dialog: Here we go then, lads.  You heard Jack.  Every man with a bow, front and center... Aim up through the shields.  Send these damn gad-flies to hell... The archers scramble into position, kneeling between the shield holders and aiming up through the intervening spaces at the frog/bat tempest fluttering above them.
76) 0) text: Beneath the shield wall is a world of shadows, the shield bearers dark and solid as tree trunks; the archers moving between them like silhouettes of Sagittarius.  Beams of light stab down through the openings.  The archers kneel, aim and fire upwards into the light.  The DRUMMING of dive-bombing frog/bats rumbles like thunder. The archers encourage one another with boasts and compliments.  "Good shot."  "Right between the eyes!" "Bullseye!"  etc. etc. Screwball kneels and fires next to Jack and Gump.
76) 4) text: Bloody marvelous shot! Something CLANGS on the shields above.  Screwball's arrow drops at his feet.  Three frog/bats are impaled upon the shaft like shishkabob. Screwball grabs up the arrow and waves his trophy in fron of Jack and Gump.
76) 6) dialog: Very thrifty.  Even got your arrow back. All at once, a bright BLAZE of orange LIGHT brightens the interior of the shield wall.
76) 8) dialog: They've fired the moat!
76) 10) dialog: And frog don't fly and bite like tomcats.  It be magic, Jack... powerful ogre's magic.
76) 12) dialog: Been telling you that all along, lad.
76) 14) dialog: Faerie magic's no match for a sorcerer's power... We have Ogg's gifts, the key and the --
76) 16) dialog: Will you chance a miss?
76) 18) dialog: Now, Jack, methinks I have the perfect solution...
79) 0) text: Drifting smoke swirls over the uplifted shields as Jack, Gump and Screwball break from the cover and protection of the phalanx.  They sprint across the open plain.  The smoke covers them.  Their escape goes unnoticed by the furious frog/bats.
80) 0) text: At the crest of the hill where the plain meets the wooded forest, the faeries' siege machinery stands in martial ranks facing Castle Couer de Noir.  A row of catapults is front and foremost.  Jack and Gump run up the hill toward the engines of war.  Screwball lags behind, complaining.
80) 3) dialog: (full with authority)
80) 4) text: You'll do it because I am you liege and I command you to do it! Screwball gulps back a complaint and kneels before Gump.
80) 6) dialog: Rise, Screwball, and into the basket with you. Screwball gets slowly to his feet, and just as slowly climbs into the launching basket of the catapult.
80) 10) dialog: Shut up! Screwball is instantly silent.  Gump hands him the dwarves' golden rope.
80) 11) dialog: Start acting like you're worthy of this mission... Here.  Whatever you do, don't dare drop it.
80) 13) dialog: Good, lad... Here, Jack, give me a hand with the windlass... There's a good fellow... Together, Jack and Gump labor at winding back the windlas on the catapult.  As they turn, the launching arm is draw slowly back, a cowering Screwball fearfully clutching the golden line in the woven-leather basket.
80) 15) dialog: That's it! The launching arm is bent back into a taut arch. Screwball clenches his eyes shut.  Jack stands by the release lever.
80) 17) dialog: Aye.  Before the wee pesties attacked.
80) 19) dialog: (loudly)
84) 0) text: Jack and Gump wait by the catapult, straining to see through the smoke shrouding the facade of the ghastly castle.
84) 1) dialog: (pointing)
84) 7) dialog: Best get down close to the moat, lad.
84) 9) dialog: It's what we'll find there worries me. Using the drifting smoke for cover, Jack runs down the open hillside towards the flaming moat.
94) 0) text: Batting away bombarding frog/bats, Gump rushes up to the shield wall, shouting for joy.
94) 1) dialog: (shouting)
97) 48) dialog: Jack!  The courtyard's been taken... The Baron's forces are besieged in the south tower.  No sign of... Jack?  Do you hear what I'm saying? We've won, lad.
97) 50) dialog: Nonsense!  Course it matters.
97) 52) dialog: She's sore hurt, Jack, tis true, but not dead yet.
97) 54) dialog: Nay.  You've not reckoned with the powers of faerie medicine.
97) 56) dialog: Easily... The question is, can we save ourselves?  Be a shame to win the battle only to lose the war.
97) 58) dialog: The alicorn, lad.  Come to your senses!  Unless we find Baron Couer de Noir and bring back the horn the world is doomed. Jack is himself again, eager for action.  He grabs up his fallen sword and starts for the sealed secret passage.
97) 60) dialog: In the dark, lad?  Why should he do that?
97) 62) dialog: Sunlight, you say?
97) 64) dialog: Mean you to seek him out below?
97) 66) dialog: I admire your valor, Jack.  By all means, seek him out... But first, we needs visit the kitchen.
98) 3) dialog: The kitchen be the most important room in a palace, for if the victuals ain't right, little else is likely to be so.
98) 5) dialog: Nay, lad, we're here to collect a weapon you'll need fighting the Baron.
98) 7) dialog: Sunlight.
98) 9) dialog: Easier than that, Jack. (to Screwball)
98) 12) dialog: They'll do nicely. Gump takes a plate and polishes it on his sleeve.  He points to the far side of the room.
98) 13) dialog: Stand over there and hold your plate... like this. Gump demonstrates how he wants the plate held.  Screwball grips it with both hands, holding it up before Jack like mirror.
98) 15) dialog: Patience, lad. Gump moves to where a beam of sunlight angles through the high kitchen window.  He holds his plate in the light, trying different angles, until at last he manages to reflect the sunlight, beaming it straight at the plate Screwball holds.  Instantly, it is reflected off Screwball's plate and strikes Jack straight in the eye, blinding him.
98) 17) dialog: Ah, but you will.  And so will the Baron, when we bring a little light to his dark hideaway. Gump aims his platter at Jack.  A BLAZE of reflected sunlight FILLS THE SCREEN with dazzling whiteness.
99) 2) dialog: Very nice, Goldenrod. A very young elf struggles to hold a giant golden salver, sending a beam of sunlight scintillating down the meandering tunnel. Gump and Jack hold torches at the next bend.  Gump positions a lovely niade with a copper pot lid, stealing kiss on her fair shoulder in the process.
99) 3) dialog: Stand here, my dear... that's right... Gump stands behind the niade, guiding her arms so that th pot lid catches the sun-beam properly.
99) 4) dialog: Turn it just a wee bit... The beam bounces on down the tunnel.
99) 8) dialog: Tis a delicate operation, lad. Requires a bit of engineering... Next! A hunched, long-bearded GNOME hurries forward, clutching copper frying pan polished to a mirror-finish.
99) 10) dialog: Stand easy, Brown Tom... Right here is good...
99) 14) dialog: (yelling back)
100) 0) text: Torch in hand, Jack moves cautiously out of the passagewa into a vast underground room spacious as the nave of a cathedral.  Stone columns thick as tree-trunks rise into the shadows above.  Jack never relaxes his guard.  He turns to check behind him every third step. From a distance, Jack shines like a multi-faceted jewel. His every surface winks with reflected light: breastplate, shield, helmet, even the long, tapered sword held before him. Gump's voice ECHOES from FAR AWAY:
100) 1) dialog: Ja-ack... Jack is mid-way into the chamber.  He moves like a canny warrior, pivoting, checking his rear, light on his toes.
100) 9) dialog: rushes up to Screwball, cuffing him sharply on the back o the head.
100) 10) dialog: Dolt!
100) 13) dialog: Never show mercy!
100) 17) dialog: Ever wondered why Jenny Greenteeth said you needed the fastest steed on earth?
100) 19) dialog: Fetch the unicorn... pass it along... Screwball runs up the vast chamber to an elf standing at the entrance to the passageway.
102) 0) text: The CHIRPING VOICES CARRY OVER and become the CLIP-CLOP o hooves.  A graceful elf leads Sapphire, the mare unicorn, out of the darkness to where Gump, Screwball and several other faeries stand waiting.
102) 1) dialog: Swift as thistledown on the wind, that's the faerie way... Jack has recovered his shield, now slung across his back. He vaults effortlessly aboard the unicorn, clutching the long mane.
102) 3) dialog: Ride like wild fire, Jack.
102) 5) dialog: You're on your own... like a true champion. Jack stabs his heels into the unicorn's flank and is lost from sight as a single leap carries him into darkness. Gump and the others stand watching as the SOUND of hoof- clatter FADES.
102) 6) dialog: ... champion...
107) 2) text: They sky is high, the world is wide, Beneath the flowers faeries hide... Mounted on Sapphire and her foal, Jack and Gump pause on the crest of the hill to look back on the faerie procession and the burning castle.  Jack carries the alicorn like a marshall's baton.  The SOUND of the faeries' SINGING drifts musically up across the meadow. Jimmy Squarefoot staggers along under an armload of booty
107) 4) dialog: I've not heard a note out of you.
107) 6) dialog: Listen to him.  Not in the mood...
107) 7) dialog: On a day like none other the blessed earth has ever seen... A day so fair as forty springtimes --
107) 9) dialog: Where's your joy if you cannot sing?
107) 11) dialog: She lives... isn't that worth singing about?
107) 13) dialog: You're too impatient... See how long the castle burns.  Think you evil be purged in an instant...?  And remember:  the quest is not concluded. Jack runs his hands along the spiraling length of the alicorn.
108) 6) dialog: Tis not the wound, that's sure.  Not a scar remains... we're talking about a spell; harder to repair than sword-work.
108) 8) dialog: Might not need a gesture quite so grand.  What were you doing the very moment the Baron's curse fell on the world?
108) 10) dialog: Where?
108) 12) dialog: Go on... go on...
108) 14) dialog: And did you?
108) 16) dialog: That's it then... the ring!
109) 0) text: As beautiful and serene as when first we SAW it.  The Princess is laid out under a tree, cushioned by thousands of flowers.  All the faeries stand about the edge of the water watching Jack remove his armor. Jack unbuckles the golden breastplate of Achilles and stacks it next to his gleaming shield and helmet.  Gump helps him unfasten the greaves.
109) 1) dialog: You must find the ring... It completes the cycle; answers the riddle...
109) 3) dialog: You're good at riddles... Find the ring and the spell is broken. Jack stripes down completely.  He steps to the edge of th pond, pausing for a moment to look fondly at his faerie friends gathered around him.