2) 0) text: On an emerald patch of moss in the shade beneath the spreading limbs of chestnuts and oaks, numbers of small animals gambol.  Squirrels and rabbits, hedgehogs and foxes, all manner of creatures leap and frolic about the feet of a curious young man.  This is JACK O' THE GREEN. His hair is long and unshorn and he wears a costume woven from ivy leaves, skins and vines.  On his feet are bark sandals.  His features are tanned berry-brown and woven into his tangled locks is a wreath of flowers.  He is a legendary "Green Man" or "Wild Man" who lives the free life of a hermit alone in the deep woods. Jack, the "Green Man," feeds morsels of bread and fruit t the animals dancing around his feet.  He is a friend to all the beasts of the forest and carries food for them in a split-willow basket.  Birds fly down and land on his head and shoulders, taking seeds and nuts from his lips. The musical sound of someone approaching alerts him.  His eyes have an animal quickness and his instincts are as finely tuned as any creature of the wild.  The birds fly from his shoulders to the treetops.  His furred companion dart for cover.  In three quick bounds, Jack is himself u a nearby tree, clinging to a high branch like a cat. The Princess Lili comes singing down the path.  She spots the fallen willow basket and looks around for the Green Man.
2) 2) text: Jack... Hello, Jack... There is no answer.  Puzzled, Lili sits on the moss, puts aside her flowers, and rummages through the contents of the basket.  The dried apples, walnuts and sunflowers don't occupy her for long.  She is annoyed.  A princess i not someone to trifle with.
2) 4) text: Jack-o'-the-Green...?  Green Jack? Oh bother, I know you're here.  Why are you so cruel? Unseen, high in his tree, Jack-o'-the-Green watches the young princess.  He is amused by her anger but there is nothing malicious about his smile.  He climbs quietly to lower branch, hangs suspended for a moment, then drops. Jack lands close to the unsuspecting girl.  Startled, she screams in surprise.  Jack laughs at her unwarranted terror.
2) 5) dialog: Greetings, my lady, the green wood is honored.
2) 7) dialog: These for me?
2) 9) dialog: (to the bird)
3) 2) dialog: Never.
3) 4) dialog: I may have said perhaps...
3) 6) dialog: Or perchance... The distant BLARE of a hunting horn interrupts them.  The animals freeze, wild-eyed.
3) 8) dialog: (bitterly)
3) 11) dialog: Blackheart.  Aptly named.
3) 13) dialog: Unicorn?
3) 15) dialog: All right.  I'll show you something sacred.
4) 0) text: A small meadow:  a sun-gilded amphitheater within the darker confines of the forest.  At its edge flows a gentl stream.  An evil-looking viper moves sinuously along the grassy back as Jack and Lili step from the concealing shrubbery nearby.
4) 2) dialog: Stop complaining.
4) 4) dialog: Only were he a fool to boot. (pointing)
4) 8) dialog: That viper has envenomed the water. No animal will drink here now.
4) 10) dialog: Be patient. They crouch together behind the shrubbery.
4) 12) dialog: What's the matter?
4) 14) dialog: (rising)
4) 17) dialog: I'm not its master.
4) 20) dialog: (with a smile)
5) 0) text: A pair of ferocious hounds bray under the tree in which Jack was hiding.  Another sniffs at a few scattered blossoms and Lili's lace napkin lying forgotten on the moss. The hunting party rides up at a gallop.  At the head of the troops are Lili's father, KING GODWIN, pink-cheeked and white-bearded; a kind-hearted, elfish man, though wea and ineffectual; and BARON COUER DE NOIR, a powerful knight on a black charger.  His greaves and breastplate are black as midnight as is the heavy cloak which envelop him.  His hands are covered with black gauntlets and a horned black hood with a wolf's lupine features masks his face.  His voice rumbles with dread authority as the part reins to a stop.
6) 0) text: Lili and Jack wait behind the bushes, watching the stream
6) 2) dialog: Shhh!
6) 5) dialog: In these woods you are a commoner. Now be quiet.  True royalty approaches.
6) 8) dialog: The alicorn purifies the water, purging it of all poison.
6) 11) dialog: They rival the angels of paradise.
6) 13) dialog: Are you honest?
6) 15) dialog: Tis a fair question.  If you be a virtuous maid the unicorn will lay his head in your lap.
6) 17) dialog: Not if you be chaste.  Tis an awesome test of virginity.
6) 19) dialog: I'm not your judge... nor have I any desire to witness the trial. Jack turns to leave.
6) 21) dialog: To fetch your napkin. Jack pushes through the underbrush and is lost from sight For a moment, the princess is confused and nervous at being left alone in such circumstances, but she peers out at the unicorns and the sight of such beauty rekindles he resolve. Princess Lili steps out of the concealing underbrush and walks slowly to the center of the clearing.  Her bearing is noble and proud, her carriage utterly dignified. The unicorns lift their heads from the stream and watch the girl's progress.  The other smaller animals cease drinking and scatter into hiding. Lili sits on the grass in the center of the clearing, spreading her gown around her.  She smiles at the staring unicorns. The male unicorn grows agitated.  His nostrils flare; the strong neck arches.  Sunlight gleams on the shaft of his golden horn as he prances across the stream to the meadow sending multi-hued clouds of butterflies aloft from the flowers underfoot. Lili smiles at the nimble dancing of the unicorn, seemingly drawn to her by an invisible lead.  He rears up whinnying in protest, but the lure is too strong, something unspoken compels him toward the smiling girl.
7) 0) text: Jack hurries along the overgrown path, running as numbly as a wild stag.  The SOUND of approaching HOOFBEATS bring him up short.  With the instincts of an animal, Jack dart into concealment.  After a moment, the hunting party ride past, sunlight glinting on the steel lance-tips.  The Baron holds his crossbow at the ready, as black and grim as Death himself. When the hunters are gone from sight, Jack hurries form his hiding-place.  He realizes something is terribly wron and runs back through the woods, leaping rocks and deadfall logs in a desperate attempt to reach the clearin before them.
10) 2) text: No!  God!  Father, no! The horsemen gallop out of sight, accompanied by the call of the hunting horn and much eager shouting. Jack crashes through the underbrush surrounding the clearing and rushes to the side of the anguished Lili, wh cowers, replacing her blood-soaked bodice.
10) 3) dialog: (furious)
10) 6) dialog: Who?
10) 8) dialog: Damned hunters.  It was a trap, and you were the bait!
10) 11) dialog: They tricked you.
10) 13) dialog: How bad was the unicorn's wound?
10) 15) dialog: He did run?
10) 17) dialog: Good.  They'll never catch him. There's not a mount in the kingdom can outrun a unicorn.
13) 0) text: The pool is a crystalline jewel, surrounded by moss- covered stones, the tranquil water reflecting the overhanging trees.  Lili kneels by the edge, washing the blood from her embroidered dress.  Jack watches her, reclining on a gnarled tree-root nearby.
13) 1) dialog: There are many would pay a king's ransom for a few drops of unicorn blood.
13) 3) dialog: Its powers are strong.
13) 5) dialog: Do you think memory can be washed away like a few spots of blood?
17) 0) text: Lili and Jack sit among the roots and mossy rocks bordering the still ponds.  A shaft of golden light angle down through the cathedral arching of tree limbs above them.  Lili's dress is cleansed of blood and she reclines against a tree trunk, sadly singing a simple ballad in a clear, soprano voice.  Jack is entranced.  His teasing look has transformed into a gaze of utter adoration.
19) 0) text: Lili and Jack under the tree.  The princess smiles at the adoring boy, toying with her golden ring, which she pulls on and off her finger.
19) 1) dialog: Not even the birds sing sweet as you.
19) 3) text: Jack... Green Jack, you mustn't flatter me so.
19) 4) dialog: Tis the truth.
19) 6) dialog: There's no happier thought under heaven.
19) 8) dialog: My lady mocks me.
19) 10) dialog: My heart intends no more than that you love me as I do you.
21) 1) dialog: I'm afraid it may storm.
21) 3) dialog: Tis not fit for a princess.
21) 5) dialog: I have no wife.
21) 7) dialog: If wishes were horses even beggars would ride.
21) 10) dialog: What if I answer yes?  Will my wish come true? Laughing, Lili throws her ring high over their heads. Tracing a golden arc through the air, the ring lands with a splash in the center of the pond.
23) 0) text: Slowly, the golden ring drifts downward, tumbling end- over-end in a lazy spiral to the dark and muddy bottom. Jack's pale, near-naked form stabs through the crystal water, a trail of silver bubbles streaming in his wake like a comet's tail.  He strokes down into the murk, tendrils of water-weed swirling about him.  In the distance, the tantalizing glint of the drifting ring lure him on. The ring settles into the mud on the bottom, concealed by waving weeds and algae.  Jack searches blindly for it, groping with his hands as billowing clouds of silt rise about him.
26) 0) text: His lungs about to burst, Jack can no longer continue the search for the ring.  He turns and looks up at the surfac which has grown quite dark.  With frantic strokes, he races upward only to bump his head into something solid a the top.  Terribly frightened, he finds the surface covered by a sheet of ice. Jack pounds his fist against the obstructing ice and succeeds in punching through it, thrusting his gasping head out into the air.
27) 0) text: Bewildered, Jack crashes through the ice towards shore. The woods have changed utterly.  In place of the bountifu foliage of midsummer, the trees are stripped bare.  The wind howls, driving a fine stinging snow through the nake branches.  Overhead, the sky is dark and ominous.  Jack stands, confused and shivering, realizing in his bewilderment that the girl is gone.
27) 1) dialog: (calling out)
27) 2) text: Lili...!  Princess Lili... Where are you...? There is no answer other than the hollow echo of his word lost on the wind.  It is bitterly cold.  Jack's wet hair freezes into strands of icicles.  He finds his clothing, wrapping himself in his fur vest.  His leafy cloak is inadequate for this weather and he hurries off, calling for the girl as he searches for shelter.
27) 3) dialog: Lili... answer me... Lili...
28) 0) text: The snowstorm has built-up into a full-scale blizzard. Jack staggers into the wind.  A large rock overhang provides shelter and Jack scrambles underneath. Jack scrapes together a small pile of twigs and leaves. Taking a flint and steel from his shoulder pouch, he starts busily striking sparks. A small fire burns vigorously under the overhang.  Jack warms himself and feeds sticks into the flames.  It grows darker.
29) 0) text: Princess Lili hides shivering behind the tree, watching Jack and his fire.  Her hands are out of sight, tucked in the folds of her gown for warmth.  Although she is cold and frightened she makes no move to expose herself or to join the Green Man under the overhand.
30) 0) text: With Jack's small fire flickering faintly in the distance Princess Lili slinks away into the deep forest, eager to hide herself and her shame.
31) 0) text: Jack is sleeping.  He leans back against the rock wall, wrapped in his cloak.  The fire crackles brightly before him, casting animated shadows in all directions. A high-pitched, cackling LAUGH causes Jack to sit bolt- upright; wide-eyed and completely awake.
31) 1) dialog: What...?  Who's there?
31) 2) text: Glowing like foxfire in the darkness, a semi-circle of luminous green eyes surrounds Jack's campfire.
31) 3) dialog: Who is it?  Speak up. A second odd LAUGH is his only answer.
31) 4) dialog: is afraid.  He reaches into the folds of his cloak for hi knife, a small practical affair, hardly a weapon at all.
31) 5) dialog: Who are you...?  Answer me! Laughing still, a small man, an elf no more than knee-hig steps into the firelight.  He carries a tiny harp and a pair of pointed ears sprout from the wild tangle of his hair.  His bright clothing is everywhere tasseled and embroidered with flowers.  At first glance, it is hard to tell whether his face resembles a new-born babe or a wizened old man.  His name is HONEYTHORN GUMP.
31) 7) dialog: Gump, is it?
31) 9) dialog: I'm in no mood for dancing.
31) 11) dialog: Faerie ring?
31) 15) dialog: No!  Tis not the time!  I want no part of your frolic.
31) 17) dialog: (screaming)
31) 20) dialog: Enough!
31) 22) dialog: No... I... I need to rest.
31) 24) dialog: (gasping)
31) 27) dialog: And if I cannot?
31) 29) dialog: Ask away, and pray God my answer pleases thee. Gump grins maliciously and strums a melancholy chord on his harp.
31) 31) dialog: It's bluebells!
31) 33) dialog: The flower.  Bluebells.  To hear them ringing means your life's at an end. Gump hurls his harp to the ground and stomps on it.
31) 35) dialog: A riddle without an answer is but an empty cup when you're thirsty for wine.
31) 37) text: Well spoke.  True to the mark.  And if it's wine you're wanting, it's wine we shall have. Honeythorn Gump strides to the rear of the overhang, and brushing away the concealing cobwebs, ferns and moss, reveals a small wooden door built into the rock itself. Gump throws open the door and bows low for Jack to enter.
31) 39) dialog: (returning the bow)
31) 42) dialog: Twas the Princess Lili gave me the answer... have you seen her, by chance?
31) 44) dialog: I fear she's lost.
32) 0) text: A narrow tunnel winds under the hill, twisting down between gnarled tree-roots and projecting splinters of ancient bone.  A rickety set of wooden steps has been built in this tunnel and Gump leads the precarious way down into the earth, holding his torch on high and singin for all his worth.  The other faeries tease Jack, jabbering and twitting and they pull his hair and tug at his clothing.  Jack does his best to ignore them, and at the same time, maintain a brave demeanor as he struggles for balance on the creaking stairs.
33) 2) dialog: Tis splendid.  I feel I must be dreaming. This delights the faeries, who twitter with laughter as they buzz around Jack, guiding him to the carved High Sea at the head of the table.
33) 4) dialog: Make her stop it, will you Gump... please! Gump snorts.
33) 6) dialog: What does she want from me? OONA, the wood-nymph giggles wildly and covers Jack's cheek with kisses as she hovers at his side.
33) 9) dialog: It looks... er, delicious... (sniffing his cup)
33) 12) dialog: Well... I... I don't want to be rude, but... it's generally known that --
33) 14) dialog: Please don't misunderstand.  I am grateful for your hospitality and --
33) 17) dialog: But... but, why?
33) 19) dialog: Why has this happened to the world? Why is it winter now, and dark?
33) 21) dialog: Don't you know?
33) 23) dialog: No...!  Stop it now... please! Gump snaps his fingers and the chair is but a chair again the carved snakes mere decorations.
33) 25) dialog: Then, what's gone wrong?  Why did it happen?
33) 27) dialog: Don't you care about what's happened?
33) 29) dialog: There must be an answer somewhere.
33) 31) dialog: Jenny Greenteeth?  Who's she? At the mention of the feared name, all the faeries jabber and chatter frantically.
33) 33) dialog: How is it this hag knows the truth?
33) 35) dialog: Will you lead me to her?
33) 37) text: ... tonight is for making merry. Gump drinks the flagon down.  The other faeries and Jack join in the festivities, lifting their goblets in a single, raucous toast.
35) 1) text: Out of the marsh, the troop of elves and faeries is led b Gump and Jack.  The procession shimmers and sparkles, and Lili shrinks back from the joyous proceedings, hiding herself in shame.
36) 3) text: Mortals at their foolish pleasure, Rob the Earth of all her treasure... Jack kneels beside the dead unicorn, dumb with sorrow.  H runs has hand along the hollow flank of the fallen animal One of the evil Baron's barbed bolts stands straight out of the unicorn's neck and Jack yanks it free with a sudde pull.  He is about to hurl the weapon far out into the swamp when he thinks better of it and pushes the bolt int his belt. Gump silently motions with his head and starts away from the unicorn's body.  The other faeries follow dejectedly. Jack is the last to leave, staring down at the mutilated animal as the anger inside builds to a fury.
37) 1) dialog: Are we here?
37) 4) dialog: What do I do?
37) 7) dialog: (not so sure)
37) 11) text: Rat-spittle and toad-breath! Damned, accursed cross twixt a she- bat and a bullfrog!  How dare you use Jenny Greenteeth so? Jack takes advantage of the hag's distracted fury to rush up and toss the hand mirror in front of her.
37) 12) dialog: Forgive us... er, fair one, we wanted only to bring a gift. Jenny seizes the mirror as eagerly as if it were food.
37) 14) dialog: I bring you the only treasure worthy of your loveliness... for naught else in the universe rivals the reflected glory of your beauty.
37) 16) dialog: They call me Green Jack, ma'am.
37) 18) dialog: Your fair smile be thanks enough. Better I stand afar to admire your beauty complete. Jenny Greenteeth cannot resist the mirror and preens before it in a hideous parody of a young woman at her toilette.
37) 20) dialog: The moon herself would hide behind a cloud rather than dare comparison with you...
37) 22) dialog: The sight of you makes flowers seem like dross.  All the heavenly angels must envy your grace.
37) 24) dialog: Aye.  And it is the trouble befallen us that brings me here.  I entreat you to tell me the cause of our surrounding sorrow, most lovely of the lovely.
37) 25) dialog: Dear lad, what does winter bespeak but death?  It is a time of mourning.  This calamity is a curse. Something wondrous and beautiful has been taken from the world.
37) 26) dialog: A unicorn's been slain.  The last stallion in all the country.
37) 28) dialog: Here be the death weapon; the unicorn's blood dry upon it.
37) 30) dialog: He chopped off the horn and left the rest to rot.
37) 32) dialog: How do I get the horn back?
37) 34) dialog: Where do I find the Baron's castle?
37) 36) dialog: Not very precise directions.
37) 38) dialog: Nay.  Tempting as your invitation be.  Tell me one thing more.
37) 40) dialog: What became of the princess?
37) 43) dialog: Princess Lili, Godwin's daughter. She was with me when calamity struck, but after I could find no trace of her.
37) 45) dialog: Exceeding fair.
37) 48) dialog: Twould be to compare one star with another in the summer sky.
37) 50) dialog: No!
37) 52) dialog: I don't believe you.
37) 54) dialog: This is sad news, be it true.
37) 56) dialog: Tis not the time to speak of cheer.
37) 58) dialog: (sadly)
37) 61) text: What a fine meal you'd make, be the rest of you sweet as your tongue. Jenny Greenteeth slips abruptly under the foul surface of her bog hole.  Jack returns to Gump and the other faeries
37) 62) dialog: The princess is dead.
37) 64) dialog: Did you hear?  Twas the killing of the unicorn caused it.
37) 66) dialog: If the horn be restored the curse is ended.
37) 68) dialog: I'll do what I have to do, for Princess Lili's sake!
37) 71) dialog: Twill take more than heart.  Where do we find the armor of Achilles, for a start?
38) 2) dialog: Have we turned grave-robber, then?
38) 4) dialog: And who might that be?
38) 6) dialog: So I'm to be a dragon-slayer, is that it?
38) 8) dialog: Knaves and robbers...
39) 2) dialog: You do the praying.  I've work ahead.
39) 4) dialog: What's left of me... How do I recognize the armor of Achilles?
39) 7) dialog: (blushing)
40) 0) text: The tomb is vast, like the arched dome of a cathedral. The curving sides are built from exquisitely fitted block of stone, moss-covered and dripping moisture. Suspended like a dangling spider on his filament, Jack slides down the rope into the drifting smoke.
41) 0) text: Jack comes to the end of his rope and drops into the treasure with a loud CRASH.  The CLATTER is alarming and Jack dives for cover behind a chest brimming with rubies. The dragon has not heard a thing and continues to snore, belching smoke like a miniature volcano. Cautiously, Jack begins his search.  It's a bit bewildering as there is such a quantity of wealth. Everywhere he looks more remarkable treasure is revealed. Casks of jewels, weapons worked in gold and silver, golde plates and goblets, ropes of pearls in snake-like coils. There is armor of all description, from the breastplates of ancient Rome to the winged helmets of Viking marauders Jack is puzzled by mysterious Japanese samurai armor and amazed by the heft and weight of a huge Arabian scimitar. Search as he will, Jack can find no sign of the armor of Achilles.  He burrows under mounds of gems and opens a sequence of treasure chests, discovering only more gems and yet again more treasure. The dragon MOANS unexpectedly in his sleep, causing Jack to make a terrifying discovery.
41) 2) dialog: approaches the sleeping monster, like a mouse creeping up on a snoring cat.  But, the beauty of the golden breastplate calms him.  The legendary armor is so wondrously made that Jack can only gaze upon it with awe. A fiery snort from the dragon brings him back to his senses.  There's work to be done.  With all the delicacy he can muster, Jack takes hold of the breastplate and tries to pry it from the dragon's grip.  It's not easy. The giant serpent is fitful and groans in his sleep, grasping the armor all the tighter. Jack tugs at the breastplate with all his might and suddenly, it comes free, sending Jack tumbling over backwards.  The NOISE is deafening, but it is not the sound that wakes the dragon. The mighty talons clench, disturbed by the missing armor. A single green eye, large as a dinner-plate, slides open. The whiskered mouth widens, belching fire and smoke. Enraged, the dragon rears up, venting its spleen in a torrent of unrecognizable words.  The mysterious language sounds somehow Oriental, perhaps Japanese or Chinese. Jack cowers in terror, trying to dig himself into the hea of jewels like a mole scratching for cover.  The dragon spots him instantly.  Addressing Jack in English, he sounds like a sing-song Confucius, a Grade-B Fu Manchu.
41) 4) dialog: (terrified)
41) 7) dialog: (yelling)
41) 10) dialog: Oh, no, never... nothing like that... never crossed my mind.
41) 12) dialog: Well, er... no.  I mean, you don't look like dragons I've heard of.
41) 14) dialog: Cathay?
41) 16) dialog: East of Mercia?
41) 18) dialog: You don't ravage the countryside, devouring maidens and burning the crops?
41) 20) dialog: Then you'll understand my quest.  An ogre named Blackheart has killed the last stag unicorn and stolen his horn.  The world outside is cursed, plunged into eternal winter.  Unless I return the alicorn, the earth will be frozen forever.
41) 22) dialog: It's terrible.
41) 24) dialog: I need your help.  In order to fight Blackheart, I must wear the armor of Achilles.  I --
41) 27) dialog: Oh no... Don't you understand? The dragon roars and swells.  Flames issue from his gapin mouth and an iridescent light shimmers along his scales as his form suddenly alters and shifts, transforming from the benevolent Eastern dragon to the more familiar winged monster of Western folklore.  When he speaks now, all trace of accent is gone.
41) 29) dialog: No, wait... please... listen...
41) 35) text: Mind them claws, Jack.  Stay out of his way.
41) 37) text: From above, the dragon's search for Jack resembles a raccoon flipping over rocks in a streambed hunt for crayfish.  A large pile of silver and gold shields is stacked like roof-tiles and the dragon tosses them aside looking for Jack.
41) 44) dialog: As his companions occupy the dragon's attention, Jack crawls away on his hands and knees, searching for a new hiding place.  Sticking straight out of the heaped treasure before him, a splendid sword-hilt catches his eye.  It seems to glow with some inner force.  The golden pommel gleams. Jack grasps the sword with both hands, rising to his feet as he draws it from the pile of jewels.  The blade is nea long as he is, awesome and shining with its own special light.  Jack holds it in front of him like a crucifier in a religious procession.  The light from the blade shines on his face, imbuing his spirit with courage and resolution. Gump and Oona continue to annoy the dragon, swinging around his head and taunting him with the insignificant blows.  The dragon lashes out at them, ignoring Jack. Jack swings the mighty, shining sword back over his shoulder and rushes forward, a fierce WAR-CRY issuing fro his snarling mouth.  With one mighty swing, like a woodsman chopping an oak, he strikes at the dragon's hind leg, severing it at the joint. The dragon's WAIL of pain is abrupt and piercing.  Blood fountains from the amputated limb as the giant serpent sways for balance. The dragon falls forward, toppling like a felled tree directly toward Jack.  The Green Man stands his ground, holding his gleaming sword above his head with both hands The dragon impales himself on the tip, driving the keen blade deep into his breast as he crashes to the ground. The sword is wrenched from Jack's hand and he jumps clear the dragon writhing on his back in his death throes. The mighty tail continues to lash about, wreaking havoc among the treasure.  Jack nimbly avoids the random slashing and leaps up onto the dragon's scaled stomach. With a mighty tug, he draws his sword from the beast's chest.  A geyser of steaming blood follows the blade. The talons on the dragon's forelegs grasp and clench spasmodically but Jack ducks between them, avoiding the terrible claws.  With a single backhand swing, he lops th dragon's snarling head from his neck.  Copious quantities of boiling blood flush across the spread jewels. Jack lifts his sword above his head and lets out an exultant victory CRY.  Above him, Gump and Oona CHEER, shouting "Bravo" and "hooray!" The dragon's head lies in a pool of blood, the forked tongue still probing the air.  The great green eye slides closed.
43) 0) text: All the faeries have gathered for a great feast.  The dragon's severed head is set upright on a pike.  Haunches of spitted dragon meat turn slowly over a bed of coals. Much of the treasure has been gathered into sacks and stands by the rope like harvest grain awaiting transport. Several gnomes and elves are busy hoisting the sacks up out of the mound.  Jack and the other faeries sit on the dragon's carcass, feasting and swilling wine from golden goblets.  Jack wears the armor of Achilles and in it he i transformed from a wild hermit to a valiant knight.  The others wear bits and pieces of bejeweled armor plucked from the treasure hoard.  Gump has on a horned Viking helmet which fits him badly.  Another imp, a monkey-faced elf named SCREWBALL, wears the helm of a Roman legionnaire.  Everyone is singing.
43) 4) dialog: Better we eat him than the other way round.
43) 8) dialog: By the grace of God.
43) 12) dialog: I believe this is a sword such as the archangels wield.  Surely St. Michael had so fine a blade when he drove the serpent from heaven.
43) 15) dialog: I know where to find him... He lies out on the marsh, raven-fodder; his horn torn from his head.
43) 19) dialog: I know where to look.
44) 0) text: An isolated glade deep in the frozen forest.  Icicles han like frozen daggers from the surrounding trees.  A light dusting of snow powders the ground.  No birds sing.  All is silent and still. Jack, Gump, Screwball and Oona creep through the ice- coated underbrush.  Screwball is clumsy and crashes over several gelid ferns which break like shattering crystal.
44) 1) dialog: Shhhh!
44) 5) dialog: This is not the time for squabbling.
44) 8) dialog: We wait. Disgruntled, the faeries settle down to wait.  Jack removes his helmet and rests against the treetrunk.  Oona nestles by his side, tittering softly and tickling his neck.  Jack does his best to ignore her.  Oona grows more playful, whispering and giggling at Jack's annoyance.
44) 11) dialog: What is it?
44) 15) dialog: I think she's about to foal.
44) 18) dialog: It would appear so.
44) 23) dialog: Damn them!
44) 25) dialog: Evil brutes.  Shant work their mischief here.
44) 27) dialog: It's all right, girl.  I won't hurt you. The unicorn is soothed by Jack's words and seems to recognize him. Jack places the tip of his sword on the ground and stands waiting, hands folded on the pommel, patient as a statue. Ghostlike in their silent stealth, the wolves materialize along the edge of the glade.  Large and gray, their amber eyes glowing, the wolves begin to circle, moving closer t their prey.  Jack readies himself, holding his sword in both hands. With his tail curled high, the leader of the pack snarls and rushes for the mare.  Jack cuts him off, sending him flying with a swift sword stroke. The leader's charge provokes an all-out attack.  The wolves close in HOWLING from all sides.  Jack wields his great sword like a berserk, chopping and slashing, drivin the furious wolves away from the mare.  Busy fighting three of the brutes, he doesn't notice the wounded leader creeping behind him. The leader springs, jumping on Jack's back, tearing at hi neck with his fangs.
44) 30) text: Steady, Jack. Screwball draws his bow, aims quickly, and shoots.
44) 31) dialog: is powerless against the huge wolf mauling him from behind.  Only the golden armor he wears protects him from the terrible claws.  Screwball's arrow finds its mark, straight between the animal's shoulder blades.  The wolf cries out once and drops lifeless from Jack's back. Jack waves gratefully at the faerie.
44) 32) dialog: (calling)
44) 35) text: Watch behind or I'll never collect on it! Jack spins about in time to see the leader's mate charge savagely.  The wolf leaps, a high, acrobatic arc whose trajectory moves from a blur of gray fur to the precise delineation of cold yellow eyes, lolling tongue and wicked, gleaming fangs. Jack lifts his sword as the wolf lands on his shoulders and chest.  Falling backwards, Jack thrusts up and the ti on his blade impales the wolf as they drop to the ground. Tossing the squirming animal as a farmer would a fork-loa of hay, Jack flips the wolf over his head.  Scrambling to his knees, he delivers the death-stroke with swift efficiency. Standing over the dead wolves, sword in hand, his breastplate drenched in their blood, Jack is terrible to behold.  The others in the pack sense they have been beaten and slink whimpering back into the woods, tails abjectly hooked between their legs. Gump, Screwball and Oona dart from their hiding places. They jump and leap about Jack, chattering happily.
44) 39) dialog: Then I'd kiss you without turning my garments inside-out and sewing bells all over.
44) 46) dialog: Praise be to God.
44) 49) dialog: No fear of that now.
44) 51) dialog: You're shy and pretty, little mother... You deserve a pretty name... I'll call you Sapphire, for your eyes shine so...
46) 0) text: Jack surveys his elfin army from the crest of the hill. He is mounted bareback on Sapphire, the mare unicorn, and rides easily without reins or bridle.  The tiny black foa trots alongside his mother, and beside it pants an angry Gump.
46) 2) dialog: The colt's still too small.
46) 4) dialog: We've no time for tricks this day, Honeythorn Gump.
46) 6) dialog: Save your mischief for the Black Baron.
46) 8) dialog: You'll need more than bird droppings for Blackheart.
46) 10) dialog: Drop a mountain on him and we won't need our troops. They laugh together, feeling confident.
46) 12) dialog: We march on Castle Couer de Noir within the hour.
46) 14) dialog: A true and troubling question, Gump... We'll start from where the unicorn was killed.  The Baron must have left a trail.
46) 16) dialog: Aye.  And hang his foul hide up like dirty laundry for the drying.
47) 0) text: The rag-tag army of faeries on the march.  Jack rides at the head of the column on Sapphire.  Gump has had his way and is mounted on the colt, who trots obediently by his mother's side.  The other elves and faeries are either on foot or mounted on an odd array of wild animals.  Deer, foxes, rabbits, each serves as a steed for a tiny warrior Bright banners undulate from numbers of lance tips.  A variety of armor glistens in the pale wintry sun. Overhead, Oona and several other small nymphs ride on flying songbirds. As they march and ride, all the faerie folk are singing, their voices high and clear, shimmering like wind over a moonlit lake; precise as birdsong; haunting as an echo.
48) 0) text: The SINGING CARRIES OVER as the faeries move out of the woods onto the frozen estuary.  Jack urges the mare unicorn ahead of the procession.
48) 6) dialog: struggles to control the frantic unicorn.  Gump and the other faeries ride up as Jack quiets the animal.
48) 8) dialog: We must follow that bird.
48) 10) dialog: Jenny Greenteeth said:  "Follow the raven in her flight..."
48) 12) dialog: I'm sure.  It spoke to me.
48) 14) dialog: Beware.
49) 15) dialog: Send Oona up above the tree tops. She be our eyes.
49) 18) dialog: Of course they're alive.  All nature is living.
49) 23) dialog: Where?
49) 25) dialog: Come on, Gump, let's have a look at this witchcraft. Jack nudges the mare unicorn and she sprints ahead in a gallop.  Gump is right behind, trotting on the colt.  The other three follow, less enthusiastically, on their anima mounts. Once again, the other faeries have to make way on the trail.  This time there is fist shaking and outright epithets as they charge through.
50) 0) text: Jack pulls the mare to a stop in the grove of malformed trees.  He jumps to the ground and has a closer look at these curiosities.  Gump and the others ride up behind.
50) 3) dialog: Why, this is King Godwin, Princess Lili's father.  King Godwin and all his mounting party... even the hounds.  See the lymers and alaunts! Jack points to several tree stumps shaped like frantic hounds.
50) 5) dialog: This is ogre's magic.
50) 7) dialog: Aye.  He's enchanted the lot of them.  His reward for delivering the unicorn.
50) 9) dialog: The foulest.  Mayhap I can cut them free.
50) 11) text: Jack, don't! Gump's warning comes too late.  Jack swings his mighty sword, driving the blade deep into a tree trunk resemblin one of the hunters.  The air is rent by a piercing SCREAM Bright red blood gushes from where the sword cut the bark flowing in a crimson stream down the trunk.
50) 12) dialog: Dear God, forgive me. The sight of the rushing blood unnerves even the boldest faerie.  Screwball fumbles with his cod-piece, full of embarrassment and fear.
50) 14) dialog: Hurry!  Gump, lend a hand. Gump rushes to assist him and they press gobs of moss int the flowing wound.  At first it is like attempting to ste the flood of a leaking dam, the blood continues to ooze through their fingers and pour down the tree.  The contorted expression of the hunter imprisoned within the bark looks evermore tormented.
50) 17) dialog: What know you of fields of war?
50) 19) dialog: There... it seems to quit... I'll wager that war held other attractions quite apart from nursing.
50) 21) dialog: Stealing his arms?
50) 23) dialog: His honor, I suppose... seeing he no longer can defend it. Jack is disgusted with the faeries.  He picks up his swor and stalks away, leaving Gump and Screwball perplexed by his piety.
52) 0) text: Jack rides silently at the head of the procession.  He seems locked deep within himself.  Gump and Screwball tro alongside, obviously uncomfortable with Jack's somber brooding.  Neither of the faeries has the heart to break the oppressive silence. All at once, the bird darts down out of the trees above, circles twittering, and glides in for a perfect landing o Jack's shoulder.  Oona dismounts; rather, she herself flutters delicately into the air and flies over to Jack's other shoulder.  She caresses his cheek and whispers softly into his ear.
52) 2) text: What's she say...?  What's she say? Oona makes a disagreeable face at Gump.  Jack reaches up and she hops into his hand with a smile.
52) 3) dialog: Oona tells me the raven has roosted for the night on a sharp stone spire some half a mile distance.
52) 7) dialog: Good.
53) 1) dialog: Twould appear other travelers precede us.
53) 3) dialog: I trust our own welcome will be more hospitable.
53) 5) dialog: And this?  Some of their handiwork?
53) 7) dialog: Better to kill than be disturbed.
53) 9) dialog: Here is a bold champion's reward; to serve as a dwarf's doorstop. Jack tosses the skull back to the ground, his face flushe with anger.
53) 11) dialog: (scornfully)
53) 14) text: But come... best settled 'fore dark. This is inhospitable country at night.  All manner of spriggen and banshee and bogies walk these woods after sunset. Gump leads the way into the cave.  Jack and the others follow.
54) 0) text: Stalactites twist down like fangs from above as Gump lead the way through the underground labyrinth.  Screwball walks at his side, a flaming candle-stub stuck to the top of his outlandish Roman helmet.  Jack is right behind and the other faeries are strung out in the rear, some carrying torches, some candle-lanterns, others merely lighting the way with their own mysterious foxfire glow. Turning a final corner, the procession comes to a huge golden gong hanging on the cave wall, a wooden mallet beside it.
54) 2) dialog: Nice piece of work.
54) 13) dialog: Honored to make your acquaintance.
54) 15) dialog: We seek the ogre, Baron Couer de Noir.  He slew a unicorn and plunged the world into eternal winter.
55) 0) text: Ogg is far in the distance.  Although his looks are deceptive, he is very agile and makes much better time underground than the other faeries. Suddenly, Jack stops short.  He grabs Gump's arm and points to the sandy cave floor.
55) 1) dialog: My God!  Look!
55) 3) dialog: (pointing)
55) 9) dialog: Certainly understandable.
55) 13) dialog: His feet shall never cross my lips.
55) 15) dialog: Gump, you're putting words in my mouth. The two hurry along the passageway to catch up with Ogg and the others.
56) 0) text: An underground Medieval factory.  A row of glowing open hearth furnaces cast a vivid molten light across a dozen forges.  Everywhere, dwarves are at work, hammering on anvils, heating metal with tongs, pumping bellows and trip-hammers; all wearing beards and floor-length leather aprons.  The ROAR and CLANG of industry fills the air. The faerie troops recline in shadowy niches along the bac wall, eating and getting ready for sleep.  Candles flicker, contrasting with the occasional will-o-the-wisp dazzle of faerie light. Ogg guides Jack and Gump on a tour of the workshop, past bellows and furnaces without a word.  Jack has a bowl of gruel and a wooden spoon.  He eats with relish.  Gump slurps at a dripping honeycomb.
57) 0) text: Ogg leads Jack and Gump to a forge set somewhat apart fro the others.  THURGIS is a hunch-backed dwarf busy shaping a white-hot sword blade on his anvil.  A barely perceptible nod is his only greeting to the visitors. Rows of impeccably finished weapons, spears, swords and axes, stand stacked along the wall.  Hanging above are magnificent golden shields and helmets.  Jack puts down his bowl and examines the weapons as Thurgis plunges his glowing blade into a vat of blood.  The HISS of steam is like a cry of pain.
57) 2) text: Can't beat dragon's blood for curing a blade... Cousin Thurgis be co- master here. Thurgis studies the newly-tempered sword-blade, then arches an eyebrow as he regards Jack inspecting the finished goods.
57) 4) dialog: Oh, but I have. Smiling, Jack draws his sword and hands it, pommel first, to Thurgis.  The dwarf examines the weapon, admiring the keen edge.
57) 6) dialog: I slew the Lindfarne Worm with it.
57) 9) dialog: The Avatar.  I like the sound of it.
57) 11) dialog: (in awe)
57) 15) dialog: Achilles wore it before the gates of Troy.
57) 18) dialog: I pray always to be worthy of it.
57) 20) dialog: (calling back)
57) 21) text: I do thank you for your hospitality. The dwarves make no reply, but stand solemnly watching as Gump and Jack leave the workshop.
58) 0) text: Jack sits on the straw-pile unbuckling his breastplate. Gump helps him to remove his greaves.  The fabled sword leans an arm-length away.
58) 2) dialog: We're not in a tournament, Gump. (lying back in the straw)
58) 5) text: Rest easy, Jack.
58) 6) dialog: God protect you, Honeythorn Gump.
58) 9) dialog: Never even had a sword in my hand until yesterday.
58) 11) dialog: I live in an abandoned fox den neath the roots of a thousand-year-old oak.  My bed is pine boughs and rabbit skins.  There's no need of weaponry to keep the maids away.
58) 13) dialog: I'd be honored.
58) 15) dialog: And charmed, of course.
58) 17) dialog: I had no thought of offending you, Oona.
58) 19) dialog: In every way.
58) 21) dialog: Wondrously so.
58) 23) dialog: That was in jest.
58) 25) dialog: How so?
58) 27) dialog: You are fair as the first new flower of spring...
58) 29) dialog: Sweeter than bee pollen on a summer wind.
58) 31) dialog: Nay, Oona, tis not possible.
58) 33) dialog: I'm promised to another!
58) 35) dialog: Lili!
58) 37) dialog: No... this isn't real...
58) 39) dialog: I'll not be enchanted!  This is foul magic...!  What an abhorrent creature would I be to dally with faeries guised as my beloved when the Princess herself has suffered God knows what fate.
60) 0) text: The SOUND of Lili's weeping CARRIES OVER as we SEE Oona, huddled in the corner of Jack's niche, crying softly to herself.  She has resumed her faerie shape and the light which emanates from her fragile wings and body is of a tender, delicate hue.  Jack kneels solicitously before her.
60) 1) dialog: Oona... don't cry... please, you mustn't...
60) 4) dialog: Please...
60) 7) dialog: Threats won't make me love you.  Tis not the way of the human heart. Oona rises in a rage.
60) 9) dialog: And as barren of love as stone.
60) 11) dialog: Be fair, Oona.
60) 13) dialog: Oona...?  Oona, are you still here? Blast! Jack arranges his cloak as a bed-cover and settles down for the night, drawing his sword and resting it beside him.
60) 14) dialog: Hard enough to fathom a women's mind, what chance has one with a faerie? Jack blows out his candle.  Blackness.
61) 0) text: It is the next morning.  The faerie army is preparing for the march, donning armor and putting a keen edge on this weapons.  Jack is mounted on Sapphire, resplendent in Achilles' armor.  Gump brushes the coat of the foal.  Ogg Thurgis and several other dwarves have assembled to see them off.
61) 1) dialog: (calling out)
61) 5) text: Ahem...!  I'm naught for fancy words, work as I do with my hands. The world needs champions and I favor that... Thurgis hands the gleaming shield up to Jack.
61) 7) dialog: I pray always to be worthy of it and thank you well, Thurgis. Ogg steps forward and hands two glittering objects to Gump.
61) 11) dialog: You're with us in battle.
61) 15) dialog: Onward to victory! The entire troop gives out with a rousing CHEER as it set forward on the final trek through the forbidding forest.
62) 0) text: The trees are twisted and grotesque.  A dense undergrowth of tangled vines studded with six-inch thorns block the troop's progress like over-sized concertina wire.  Jack rides at the head of the column, hacking a pathway throug the vines with his enchanted sword.  Gump rides just behind, doing his best with his tiny battleaxe to clean u the excess.
62) 2) dialog: We'll surely be in our graves if we don't.
62) 4) dialog: Gump, look! Jack urges the unicorn forward into the meadow.  Gump and the remainder of the troop follow.  At the far end of the clearing a row of cliffs stand like the ramparts of a city.  Sheer and impassable, save for a narrow defile across which something very like a vast silver curtain hangs.
62) 6) dialog: (pointing)
62) 7) text: There's the way, mates. Jack gallops forward across the meadow, followed close behind by the cheering faeries.
63) 2) dialog: It bodes evil. Oona swoops down from above, hovering in the air before the faerie column.
63) 5) dialog: Heading north still?
63) 10) dialog: (alarmed)
63) 18) text: Please...!  Jack!  Help me...! Don't let it touch me...!
63) 20) dialog: Hurry!  Save her! Suddenly, a staghorn beetle large as a rhinoceros lumbers out of the concealing bushes at the base of the cliff. Its black, armored wing-plates gleam like polished steel. The forked, six-foot horn towers above its head.
63) 21) dialog: Lance! A young goblin lance-bearer hurries forward with Jack's lance, handing it up to him.
63) 22) dialog: Archers!  Bring down that spider! I'll deal with this other creature...
63) 31) dialog: (shouting)
63) 32) text: Don't aim for the body, the armor is too strong... aim for the chinks... shoot at the spaces between... The archers rally and aim as Jack instructed.  Although the first arrows miss the mark, a second round is more accurate.  The wasp is hit repeatedly between its body sections.  Mortally wounded, it falls thrashing to the ground.
63) 38) dialog: No, thank the Lord, but she be sore envenomed by the spider's bite.
63) 40) dialog: We'll find it.
63) 42) dialog: Heading true north.  We continue in that direction.
63) 44) dialog: We'll trust in faith, Gump.
63) 46) dialog: Gently, boys... go easy with her. Jack draws his sword and chops through the bottom of the web, opening a passage into the defile.
64) 0) text: The column of armed faeries marches steadily up the defile.  Jack rides at the head; Gump beside him on the colt.  Four faeries bear the litter, carrying Oona on their shoulders.  In the distance behind them are four small, flower-decked mounds:  the freshly dug graves in which their fallen comrades lie buried.
67) 0) text: A heavy mist shrouds the twisted trees, blunting their agonized shapes as if in pity.  The Baron's demonic LAUGHTER CARRIES OVER and merges with the raucous CALLING of crows.  A flight of the black birds passes through the fog, appearing suddenly, then fading just as abruptly int the gray. The SOUND of marching men is HEARD.  A moment later, the faerie troop is glimpsed, trudging forward out of the mist.  Jack and Gump ride at the head of the dispirited column.
67) 1) dialog: Why not admit it, Honeythorn Gump. We've lost our way entirely.
67) 3) dialog: We'll never find the Baron's castle.
67) 6) dialog: Hold!  What manner of demon be this?
67) 9) dialog: Nay.  This time we strike first! Jack kicks the unicorn's flanks and gallops ahead down th trail, brandishing his sword.
67) 11) text: Jack, no! Gump urges the colt into a fast run and hurries after Jack. The pig-headed creature darts off the trail and sprints into the woods.  Jack is right behind, the unicorn swift as the wind.  Which-ever way the creature turns in his frantic effort to escape, the unicorn leaps ahead, cuttin him off. A projecting tree-root catches the creature's foot and sends him sprawling.  Jack leaps down, sword in hand and rushes up for the kill. The creature snuffles and grunts with fear as Jack stands over him, poised for the killing thrust.
67) 13) dialog: I'm sending you back to Hell! Gump gallops up breathlessly on the colt.
67) 15) dialog: Nay.  I show no pity to imps and fiends.
67) 19) dialog: Is he a friend, then?
67) 22) dialog: Forgive my blood haste, Jimmy Squarefoot, but I want no more surprises from Couer de Noir.
67) 25) dialog: But seem to have gotten lost on the way.
67) 27) dialog: Much good we do the world, for all our noble quest...
67) 30) dialog: (laughing)
67) 33) dialog: (bewildered)
67) 37) dialog: Can you show us the way?
67) 39) dialog: There'll be spoils aplenty if you guide us there.  Once we breach the walls, help yourself to all you can carry.
67) 43) dialog: Let that be our problem, just get us there.
67) 45) dialog: Can we trust him?
67) 48) dialog: On to Castle Couer de Noir! The troop follows Jack and Gump as they ride after Jimmy Squarefoot into the fog-shrouded woods.
69) 0) text: A small fire blazes under an ice-coated tree.  The faerie troop huddles about it in their robes for warmth. Deformed like a torture victim, Castle Couer de Noir is silhouetted against the frozen sky. Gump and Jimmy Squarefoot sit on a fallen log next to Jack, who stares gloomily at the hideous fortress beyond the trees.
69) 3) dialog: The chill is worse this night.
69) 5) dialog: A castle's but stone and mortar --
69) 8) dialog: It's your own fear troubles you... We're here, aren't we?  For all the dark magic protecting it.
69) 11) dialog: Give in to despair and all is lost.
69) 13) dialog: There's more than one way to spring a trap.
69) 16) dialog: You've been inside?
69) 18) dialog: Don't speak to me of dreams!  I feel I've been dreaming since the unicorn was killed.
69) 20) dialog: On the morrow I'll be awake enough to see if dreams come true.
70) 1) text: The faerie warriors prepare for battle.  Moving like ghosts in the mist, they gather weapons and carefully hon their swords and spear-tips. SOUNDS of HAMMERING and CHOPPING, as the elves and goblin work at building ladders and siege equipment. A pair of faeries fits together a catapult, the parts of which were painfully transported all this distance. Jack and Gump stand on a small rise overseeing the activity.  As the sun's warmth dispels the mist, the massive walls of Castle Couer de Noir materialize before them.
70) 3) dialog: The battlements of Hell...
70) 6) dialog: We'll need more siege machinery and longer scaling ladders.
70) 8) dialog: We do both.  Our frontal attack a diversion whilst we drive a tunnel under... Gump is cheered by Jack's decisiveness and the boldness o his plan.
72) 2) dialog: Well done, Gump.  A braver-looking host I can't imagine...
72) 3) dialog: Men, I'm not much on pretty speeches.  In a short while, the heat of battle will test us all, and I know that each of you will prove true and -- Jack is interrupted by the DRONE of thousands of wings growing EVER-LOUDER.  A shadow falls across the assembled soldiers.  Jack looks up to see the cause.
72) 5) dialog: What calamity be this?
72) 7) text: Screwball has a frog/bat attached to his face, the tiny teeth ripping.  He tears at the creature and falls to the ground, rolling over and over and SCREAMING in pain. A frog/bat zooms down on Gump.  SEEN C.U., the gaping frog-mouth with its row of needle-sharp teeth is genuinel terrifying. Gump is already having problems with a half-dozen clingin frog/bats.  They bite and tear through his clothing as he swats at them. The entire formation of faerie soldiers is in disarray. They mill about in frantic confusion, helplessly fighting the swirling myriads of frog/bats surrounding them. In his armor, Jack is relatively well-protected from the infuriating creatures.  Sword in hand, he hacks flying frog/bats from the the air as skillfully as a tennis player returning a serve.  Several of the evil winged creatures land on the unicorn's rump, biting and drawing blood.  Sapphire rears and whinnies in fear and pain. Jack swats them off with his free hand, doing his best to soothe his mount at the same time.
72) 8) dialog: Easy girl... easy now, Sapphire... calm yourself, they're no worse than horse-flies in summer... (calling out)
73) 0) text: Jack urges Sapphire to kneel among the troops.  He wipes the blood from her flanks and calms her.
73) 1) dialog: Down girl... kneel, my darling... it's all right now... you're safe in here. A steady, gong-like CLANGING resounds under the shield wall.  It is the SOUND of hundreds and hundreds of frog/bats diving into the uplifted shields. Gump, his clothing torn and face bloodied, crawls over to Jack between the stalwart shield-holders.
73) 3) dialog: Defend ourselves.  We've bested far worse already.
73) 5) dialog: Don't loose heart... Assemble the archers.  Have everyone not holding a shield man a bow.  Shoot the damned things as they fly.
73) 7) dialog: Never mind.  Just do it!  Retrieve the arrows somehow. Gump thinks it's helpless but nevertheless musters up a determined expression and begins barking commands in his most military manner.
76) 0) text: Beneath the shield wall is a world of shadows, the shield bearers dark and solid as tree trunks; the archers moving between them like silhouettes of Sagittarius.  Beams of light stab down through the openings.  The archers kneel, aim and fire upwards into the light.  The DRUMMING of dive-bombing frog/bats rumbles like thunder. The archers encourage one another with boasts and compliments.  "Good shot."  "Right between the eyes!" "Bullseye!"  etc. etc. Screwball kneels and fires next to Jack and Gump.
76) 4) text: Bloody marvelous shot! Something CLANGS on the shields above.  Screwball's arrow drops at his feet.  Three frog/bats are impaled upon the shaft like shishkabob. Screwball grabs up the arrow and waves his trophy in fron of Jack and Gump.
76) 9) dialog: Water doesn't burn...
76) 11) dialog: There isn't much time!
76) 13) dialog: What magic have we on our side?
76) 15) dialog: That's it!  The unbreakable line! We'll tie it to an arrow and fire it up into the timbers above the portculis... then, I'll climb up and chop down the drawbridge.
76) 17) dialog: There must be some way to get it up there. Gump eyes Screwball, aiming through the shield-wall, and sly smile spreads across his elfin features.
79) 0) text: Drifting smoke swirls over the uplifted shields as Jack, Gump and Screwball break from the cover and protection of the phalanx.  They sprint across the open plain.  The smoke covers them.  Their escape goes unnoticed by the furious frog/bats.
80) 0) text: At the crest of the hill where the plain meets the wooded forest, the faeries' siege machinery stands in martial ranks facing Castle Couer de Noir.  A row of catapults is front and foremost.  Jack and Gump run up the hill toward the engines of war.  Screwball lags behind, complaining.
80) 8) dialog: Haven't heard a bird sing in days...
80) 14) dialog: One more turn...
80) 16) dialog: Have the engineers corrected for alignment and trajectory?
80) 18) dialog: Then it's Godspeed, Screwball.
84) 0) text: Jack and Gump wait by the catapult, straining to see through the smoke shrouding the facade of the ghastly castle.
84) 4) dialog: I see him.
84) 5) dialog: as he stares, hawklike, at Screwball.
84) 6) dialog: He'll be atop the portculis ere long.
84) 8) dialog: Aye.  We're good as inside.
89) 0) text: Jack hurries along the moat-edge, flames licking past him He looks up and spots Screwball tying the line to the gargoyle above.
89) 1) dialog: Screwball, down here! Screwball waves at Jack.
89) 3) text: Hello, Jack.
89) 4) dialog: Done like a champion.  Can you reach me with the line?
91) 0) text: Jack jumps with the line and pendulums across the moat through the leaping flames.  He lands with his feet against the bones of the wall and proceeds to haul himsel up, hand over hand.
92) 0) text: Jack reaches the top of the drawbridge.  He walks the rop like a man on a leash and gets a leg over the top.  On a small platform under the open roof stands a large wooden winch.  The thick cable securing the drawbridge is wound around it. Jack climbs onto the platform and draws his sword.  In three swift strokes he hacks through the cable.  The winc spins wildly as the chain holding the drawbridge rattle out through embrasures. Amid the clatter, the drawbridge slowly descends.
94) 2) text: Lads... Look...!  The drawbridge is down... The walls be breached... The faeries under their shields give out with a single, exultant victory CHEER, breaking ranks and running pell- mell down the hill towards the lowered drawbridge.  The frog/bats fly after them like a swarm of pursuing bees. High above the portculis, Jack waves his sword in the air cheering them on.
96) 0) text: The ROAR and HOWL of battle drowns Jack's enthusiastic CHEERS as he urges his men on from atop the roof over the portculis. We SEE Screwball eagerly telling what he observed in the keep, but the SOUNDS of the conflict below COVER his actual words.  It is obvious from Screwball's enthusiasti gestures that he describes the location of the unicorn horn.  Screwball points along the ledge to the shuttered window in the keep. A tremendous CRY OF VICTORY rises from below as the faeries break through the ranks of imps and surge forward into the castle.
97) 20) dialog: Yield, Couer de Noir, or I grant no quarter! The Baron scrambles on all fours across the floor, seekin to avoid the light.  He snatches up the unicorn horn leaning against the wall and ducks into the shadows.
97) 24) dialog: Afraid to fight, Baron? Claws hooked and gleaming, Lili stalks GROWLING between Jack and the cowering Baron.  Jack doesn't recognize her, so monstrous in her savage appearance.  He backs away a step, holding his sword in front of him.
97) 25) dialog: Any closer and I'll cut you down. Lili GROWLS.  With a sudden leap, she is upon Jack, rakin his face with her claws as she sinks her fangs into his neck where the bare flesh shows above his breastplate. Jack SCREAMS in surprise and pain, falling back under Lili's attack. Jack and Lili fall to the floor, rolling over and over in a fierce struggle. In the shadows, the Baron takes advantage of this distraction.  He creeps to the side of the fireplace and pulls a hidden switch.  A secret panel swings away from the wall.  Quickly, the Baron scurries inside the dark passageway beyond.  The panel slides closed behind him. Jack pulls free from the wild creature assaulting him.  H struggles to his feet, grabbing up his sword where he dropped it in the attack. Lili crouches, SNARLING as Jack backs away.  With a wild CRY, she springs at him again.  Jack thrusts defensively with his sword.  Lili is impaled, the gleaming blade run completely through her body.  MOANING, she sags into Jack's arms, his golden armor drenched in her blood.
97) 27) dialog: (shocked)
97) 30) dialog: What have I done?
97) 32) dialog: I thought you were dead... I --
97) 34) dialog: They told me you were dead. Lili is weakening.
97) 36) dialog: No!  I won't let it happen...
97) 38) dialog: It's the Baron's damnable work!  Too cowardly to stand and fight... he used you to save himself.
97) 40) dialog: What?
97) 42) dialog: Sunlight?
97) 44) dialog: So, he's hiding in the dark...
97) 46) dialog: No!  Don't let go... you mustn't!  I love you!
97) 49) dialog: It doesn't matter.
97) 51) dialog: ... the Princess Lili... I've killed her. Gump approaches the bed and examines the wounded Princess
97) 53) dialog: The wound is mortal.
97) 55) dialog: Can you save her?
97) 57) dialog: I don't... understand.
97) 59) dialog: The Baron hides in the dark in a passage under the Castle... Quick, give me the dwarf's key... the one which opens any lock...
97) 61) dialog: Because sunlight will kill him. Quickly now, give me the key.
97) 63) dialog: Aye.  Hurry now, Gump, the key!
97) 65) dialog: I'm not afraid of the dark.
98) 1) dialog: The kitchen?
98) 4) dialog: Did you bring me here to sup?
98) 6) dialog: What weapon?
98) 8) dialog: Plan on carrying some away in a kettle?
98) 14) dialog: Will you explain what's going on?
98) 16) dialog: Hey!  Stop it!  I can't see.
99) 7) dialog: Can't we move any faster?
99) 11) dialog: Jack moves quite a good way down the tunnel, a corona of torchlight surrounding him in the darkness.
99) 12) dialog: (calling back)
99) 16) dialog: Hurry up!
100) 0) text: Torch in hand, Jack moves cautiously out of the passagewa into a vast underground room spacious as the nave of a cathedral.  Stone columns thick as tree-trunks rise into the shadows above.  Jack never relaxes his guard.  He turns to check behind him every third step. From a distance, Jack shines like a multi-faceted jewel. His every surface winks with reflected light: breastplate, shield, helmet, even the long, tapered sword held before him. Gump's voice ECHOES from FAR AWAY:
100) 2) text: The sibilant HISS of a sword-blade rending the air.  The CLANG of contact as the torch is knocked from Jack's gras and sent tumbling to the floor. Jack whirls to face the challenge.  It is the Baron. Enormous in the flickering light of the fallen torch, lik some horned bear on his hind legs, the Baron advances, th unicorn horn gripped in his sword hand. Jack hauls his shield off his back, stepping forward to meet the challenge.  The Baron swings with both hands gripping the horn hilt.  Jack parries with the "Avatar." When steel hits the alicorn it is as if lightning strikes Sparks fly.  A second exchange has Jack in retreat. The Baron lunges with the alicorn.  Jack receives the thrust on his shield.  The curling point of the horn punctures the dwarf's handiwork like an arrow through a target.  For a moment, the two combatants are locked together, face-to-face.  Secure in his armor, Jack swings his sword at the unclad Baron.  He leaps back with the agility of a wild beast, wrenching the shield from Jack's grip and flinging it clattering aside into darkness. Jack backs away as the Baron renews the attack.  Again, the lightning CLASH of swordplay.  Jack strives valiantly to withstand the onslaught but the Baron is too powerful. The swordplay comes faster.  Jack stumbles to one knee. The Baron disarms him with a mighty blow.  The "Avatar" RINGS musically as it tumbles out of reach into the shadows. The Baron's leering face is made more demonic by the unsteady torchlight.
100) 7) dialog: scrambles across the floor, seizing his fallen sword.  He leaps to his feet and rushes at the cringing Baron, caugh in the light like a hapless moth. It is Jack's turn to wield a death-blow.  He draws back t strike and the LIGHT WOBBLES.  The BEAM STRIKES Jack in the eyes.  He is momentarily blinded.  He swings and misses, his sword carving the empty air.
100) 8) dialog: Damn!
100) 12) dialog: He's getting away!  He was at my mercy!
100) 14) dialog: I could have struck off his head just now!
100) 16) dialog: It's done... we'll never catch him.
100) 18) dialog: Sapphire! Gump turns brusquely to Screwball, grabbing his tunic.
102) 2) dialog: Easy, Sapphire... Gump hands him up a blazing torch.
102) 4) dialog: He'll not escape me.
103) 0) text: Jack gallops out of the vaulted chamber through a tall portal leading into a winding cave.  Torch held high, Jac races between the tapered spines of stalagmites.  The shadows of the stalactites, hanging like daggers, shift o the stone walls as the unicorn thunders past. Up ahead, a distant gleam of natural light beckons.
104) 0) text: Jack and Sapphire burst from the mouth of the cave in a spray of dust.  Jack wheels the mare around to a halt as he studies the barren ground.  A distinct set of hoof- prints leads off into the distance.  Jack urges Sapphire into a gallop along this track.
105) 1) text: It is a landscape of Death, like some Breughel vision of Hell.  Ravaged by war and pestilence, all of the trees ar stripped bare.  The houses are in ruins, broken walls and tumbled towers stand like rotten stumps.  Bones protrude from the muck.  Corpses lie bloated and moldering. Wagon wheels are set atop naked trees, skeletons tied spread-eagled across them.  Like hooded inquisitors, vultures perch hunched along the rims. Villages smolder in ruins in the distance.  Smoke drifts like fog between the blasted trees.  Resolutely, Jack keeps up the chase.  The unicorn flies like a specter across the moribund landscape.  Jack is riding towards th very gates of Hell itself.
106) 0) text: The landscape is barren now even of destruction.  Mud volcanoes belch steam and fire.  Grotesque buttes hunch under an unforgiving sky. A wall of sulfurous flames leap like a vast curtain behind the sudden precipice cleaving abruptly from the edge of the earth. The Baron stands alone like a Titan at the edge of this cliff, his mount dead at his feet.  His silhouette is terrible against the flames.  He holds the alicorn like Zeus gripping a thunderbolt. Jack trots forward on Sapphire to meet him.  At twenty paces distance, he dismounts and draws his sword. The Baron smiles.
106) 3) dialog: You cursed her!
106) 5) dialog: You lie! Jack swings wildly.  The Baron parries with the alicorn. Sparks FLASH on contact.  Jack is driven back.
106) 7) dialog: Damn you! Jack leaps to the attack but the Baron holds him back, SPARKS FLYING.
106) 14) dialog: jumps to his feet.  In three swift strides he has snatched-up the alicorn.  It is no longer incandescent with heat. Without pausing, Jack delivers a round-house swing, lopping the Baron's head from his shoulders.  A fountain of black filth spews from his truncated neck as the body topples. The severed head bounces off the edge of the cliff, tumbling out of sight past circling buzzards into the haz of smoke. Jack looks over and grins at Sapphire, who rears and whinnies in triumph. The Baron's body sags like a deliquescent pumpkin, leakin rottenness.  Smoke swirls around the cliff edge.  Jack wipes the alicorn clean of the Baron's black blood.
106) 15) dialog: He's dead, Lili... he can't hurt you any more... The Baron's body continues to melt away, seeping into the dry dust like bubbling tar. Sapphire sidles over and rubs against Jack.  The Green Ma wraps his arm around the unicorn's neck.  The two companions stand at the edge of earth, staring out into the swirling flames.
107) 2) text: They sky is high, the world is wide, Beneath the flowers faeries hide... Mounted on Sapphire and her foal, Jack and Gump pause on the crest of the hill to look back on the faerie procession and the burning castle.  Jack carries the alicorn like a marshall's baton.  The SOUND of the faeries' SINGING drifts musically up across the meadow. Jimmy Squarefoot staggers along under an armload of booty
107) 3) dialog: A good day for singing...
107) 5) dialog: Not in the mood, I'm afraid.
107) 8) dialog: I'm not denying it's a joyous day --
107) 10) dialog: Were the Princess Lili to join me I would sing till my lungs burst!
107) 12) dialog: She lives like all the world before the Baron's curse lifted.  Now the world's reborn, yet still she sleeps... Across the way, the castle Couer de Noir collapses in upo itself in a spasm of sparks and fire.  Only the outer walls and the keep remain.  Cracks appear as the final ramparts begin to crumble.
107) 14) dialog: Aye... We'll fetch it back, praise God.
108) 5) dialog: The quest's at an end and where's the good of it?  A faerie festival over a pile of bones?
108) 7) dialog: I'll do anything... face any challenge!
108) 9) dialog: I was with the Princess.
108) 11) dialog: By the pond.  She was teasing me.
108) 13) dialog: She tossed her ring in the pond and bid me fetch it.  Said she'd marry me if I did.
108) 15) dialog: Nay.  It was lost.  When I came up for air the pond was frozen over.
109) 0) text: As beautiful and serene as when first we SAW it.  The Princess is laid out under a tree, cushioned by thousands of flowers.  All the faeries stand about the edge of the water watching Jack remove his armor. Jack unbuckles the golden breastplate of Achilles and stacks it next to his gleaming shield and helmet.  Gump helps him unfasten the greaves.
109) 2) dialog: I'll try.
109) 4) dialog: Your fond wishes give me strength, dear friends.
109) 6) text: No speeches!  What's a little swim after sticking worms and ogres? The faeries applaud and CHEER.  Blushing, Jack dives into the water.
110) 0) text: Jack breaks the still surface with a happy SHOUT.  He holds the ring triumphantly above his head.
110) 1) dialog: (exultant)
110) 2) text: I did it!  I found it! LAUGHING joyously, Jack swims for the shore.  The banks are deserted.  Not a single faerie remains.  But Jack seems not to notice.  He takes hold of a tree-root and hauls himself back on land.  The golden armor of Achilles is gone.  In its place are Jack's old fur and leaf vestments.
110) 3) dialog: And will my lady honor her word in exchange for this bauble? Jack stops short when he sees the Princess asleep under the tree.  There is no trace of the heaps of flowers upon which she rested.  Nor of the jeweled gown she wore on th litter.  She looks just as before.  Only asleep.
110) 4) dialog: Well, I see what an exciting spectacle I've provided... Tossing the ring abstractly up and down, Jack pulls on hi fur trousers and approaches the sleeping Princess.  He kneels before her, lifting her hand to his lips.
110) 5) dialog: Beggars on horseback come courting the crown... Jack slips the ring on Lili's finger.  Her eye-lashes flutter.  She is awake, looking him straight in the face.
110) 7) dialog: Whilst you were sleeping, I fetched your ring. Lili looks at her ring and smiles.
110) 9) dialog: I can't have been under much more than a minute.
110) 11) dialog: Is what you said about the ring but another dream?
110) 13) dialog: You're teasing still. Lili wraps her arms around his neck, kissing him.
110) 15) dialog: But... I am a Green Man.  I have no title, nor lands... scarce even a few vines and threads to keep the cold from my body.
110) 17) dialog: Lili... I love you!
110) 19) dialog: Ow! Jack swats at his legs.
110) 21) dialog: Ouch!  Something's biting me.
110) 23) dialog: Pinching me!
110) 25) dialog: Everywhere!  Ow!
110) 27) dialog: Nor can I.  Damn!  It's buzzing all around me.  Ouch!  I can hear it like a fly trapped inside my ear... Says its name is Oona!
110) 29) dialog: Ow!  Whatever it is, it hurts. Princess Lili takes Jack by the hand and starts running, pulling him along with her.
111) 0) text: Lili and Jack run together holding hands down a sunlit forest path.  The DIALOGUE is CONTINUOUS: