1) 0) text: The hunting horn SOUNDS a third time.  A young woman stil close to childhood, fifteen at most, turns back to look a the castle in the distance.  A troop of armed men rides out hunting, accompanied by braying hounds and the blare of horns.  One of the company is masked and dressed all i black. The girl's name is LILI.  She is a princess of the distan castle and dressed in splendid brocades and silk.  In her arms, she carries a bouquet of wildflowers wrapped in a lace napkin.  Like these blossoms, she herself is young and fresh and innocent.  She sings a simple country air a she runs through the waving grass toward the deep woods.
2) 0) text: On an emerald patch of moss in the shade beneath the spreading limbs of chestnuts and oaks, numbers of small animals gambol.  Squirrels and rabbits, hedgehogs and foxes, all manner of creatures leap and frolic about the feet of a curious young man.  This is JACK O' THE GREEN. His hair is long and unshorn and he wears a costume woven from ivy leaves, skins and vines.  On his feet are bark sandals.  His features are tanned berry-brown and woven into his tangled locks is a wreath of flowers.  He is a legendary "Green Man" or "Wild Man" who lives the free life of a hermit alone in the deep woods. Jack, the "Green Man," feeds morsels of bread and fruit t the animals dancing around his feet.  He is a friend to all the beasts of the forest and carries food for them in a split-willow basket.  Birds fly down and land on his head and shoulders, taking seeds and nuts from his lips. The musical sound of someone approaching alerts him.  His eyes have an animal quickness and his instincts are as finely tuned as any creature of the wild.  The birds fly from his shoulders to the treetops.  His furred companion dart for cover.  In three quick bounds, Jack is himself u a nearby tree, clinging to a high branch like a cat. The Princess Lili comes singing down the path.  She spots the fallen willow basket and looks around for the Green Man.
2) 1) dialog: (calling)
2) 2) text: Jack... Hello, Jack... There is no answer.  Puzzled, Lili sits on the moss, puts aside her flowers, and rummages through the contents of the basket.  The dried apples, walnuts and sunflowers don't occupy her for long.  She is annoyed.  A princess i not someone to trifle with.
2) 3) dialog: (calling)
2) 6) dialog: Oh, Jack, you are a wild man to use me so. Jack spies the bouquet of wildflowers and reaches for it.
2) 8) dialog: If you like. Jack gathers up the bouquet, bowing low as he jumps to hi feet.  A bluebird flies out of the greenery and lands on his shoulder.
3) 1) dialog: You promised!
3) 3) dialog: But you did... you did!
3) 5) dialog: Liar!
3) 7) dialog: It's my father, gone a-hunting.  The Baron Couer de Noir is his guest and must be provided with some sport.
3) 10) dialog: The Baron is a frightful man.  They say he's an ogre.  He wears a mask so none may see his face.
3) 12) dialog: Oh, fie.  What about the unicorn?
3) 14) dialog: A promise is a sacred oath.
4) 0) text: A small meadow:  a sun-gilded amphitheater within the darker confines of the forest.  At its edge flows a gentl stream.  An evil-looking viper moves sinuously along the grassy back as Jack and Lili step from the concealing shrubbery nearby.
4) 1) dialog: Let's rest a minute.  I'm so thirsty.
4) 3) dialog: A gentleman would offer water.
4) 6) dialog: (shuddering)
4) 9) dialog: What shall we do?
4) 11) dialog: Oh, dear.
4) 13) dialog: I've lost my napkin.  It was all elf-work and lace... I must have dropped it when you startled me so.
4) 16) dialog: Don't leave me now.  I fear the unicorn won't show himself without you.
4) 18) dialog: (touching his arm)
4) 21) text: Your command is my wish, Princess Lili.
5) 0) text: A pair of ferocious hounds bray under the tree in which Jack was hiding.  Another sniffs at a few scattered blossoms and Lili's lace napkin lying forgotten on the moss. The hunting party rides up at a gallop.  At the head of the troops are Lili's father, KING GODWIN, pink-cheeked and white-bearded; a kind-hearted, elfish man, though wea and ineffectual; and BARON COUER DE NOIR, a powerful knight on a black charger.  His greaves and breastplate are black as midnight as is the heavy cloak which envelop him.  His hands are covered with black gauntlets and a horned black hood with a wolf's lupine features masks his face.  His voice rumbles with dread authority as the part reins to a stop.
6) 0) text: Lili and Jack wait behind the bushes, watching the stream
6) 1) dialog: How much longer?
6) 3) dialog: (whispering)
6) 7) dialog: Ohhhh... they're so beautiful... The male unicorn bends his head and dips his golden horn into the stream.  Soon after, the female begins to drink and numbers of small animals, rabbits, mice, and squirrels, creep from under cover to drink as well.
6) 10) dialog: Such grace... and their smell; it's ambrosia.
6) 12) dialog: Oh Jack, mightn't I touch one?  It would thrill me so.
6) 14) dialog: Jack!
6) 16) dialog: He'll not flee if I show myself?
6) 18) dialog: I've no fear of failure.  Your implications are most unbecoming.
6) 20) dialog: Where are you going?
8) 0) text: The princess makes no move as the trembling unicorn stand before her, the tip of his rapier-sharp horn pressed against her breast.  At this moment, he could kill her in an instant, yet she does not resist or show any fear. Instead, she smiles with joy. Slowly, the unicorn kneels; first folding his forelegs, then settling his hindquarters onto the grass.  His limpi eye meets Lili's adoring gaze.  Without a sound, he settles his great head in the virgin's lap, his long whit mane spreading over her like a shawl.
10) 0) text: Lili croons to the unicorn resting on her breast, a primitive melody born of joy.  All at once, the sibilant SOUND of an arrow's slicing passage rends the still air. The crossbow bolt strikes the unicorn in the neck.  The startled outcry of the wounded beast is far more scream than whinny. The unicorn bounds to his feet, spraying the Princess wit his bright blood.  She is torn from her happy reverie by the violence of the act.  Her own outcry merges with the animal's wail of pain. The wounded unicorn, followed by his mate, gallops for freedom across the clearing. The black Baron bursts from the far side of the meadow an thunders after the fleeing unicorns.  King Godwin is righ behind, followed by his retinue of lance-bearing hunters.
10) 1) dialog: (screaming)
10) 2) text: No!  God!  Father, no! The horsemen gallop out of sight, accompanied by the call of the hunting horn and much eager shouting. Jack crashes through the underbrush surrounding the clearing and rushes to the side of the anguished Lili, wh cowers, replacing her blood-soaked bodice.
10) 5) dialog: I don't know.  They've hurt the unicorn.
10) 7) dialog: My father and the Baron.
10) 9) dialog: I didn't know... I didn't... (sobbing)
10) 12) dialog: My own father...
10) 14) dialog: It happened so fast.  He was hurt and ran away.
10) 16) dialog: Oh, yes, and the mare with him.
13) 0) text: The pool is a crystalline jewel, surrounded by moss- covered stones, the tranquil water reflecting the overhanging trees.  Lili kneels by the edge, washing the blood from her embroidered dress.  Jack watches her, reclining on a gnarled tree-root nearby.
13) 2) dialog: I don't want it on me.
13) 4) dialog: I don't want to be reminded of what happened.
17) 0) text: Lili and Jack sit among the roots and mossy rocks bordering the still ponds.  A shaft of golden light angle down through the cathedral arching of tree limbs above them.  Lili's dress is cleansed of blood and she reclines against a tree trunk, sadly singing a simple ballad in a clear, soprano voice.  Jack is entranced.  His teasing look has transformed into a gaze of utter adoration.
17) 1) dialog: (singing)
19) 0) text: Lili and Jack under the tree.  The princess smiles at the adoring boy, toying with her golden ring, which she pulls on and off her finger.
19) 2) dialog: (laughing)
19) 5) dialog: A maid must beware of flattery... Methinks you want to kiss me.
19) 7) dialog: If I were your bride, would the kissing ever stop...?  Do you wish to marry me, Jack?
19) 9) dialog: Nay, Jack, I'm but wary of your intentions.
19) 11) dialog: Oh, la...
21) 2) dialog: Let it.  Haven't you a cozy bower we might hide in?
21) 4) dialog: Be it fit for your wife, Green Jack?
21) 6) dialog: Then, perchance you'll me.
21) 8) dialog: Do you wish it, Jack? (showing him her ring)
21) 11) dialog: Fetch my ring and you may take me for your wife. It is obvious from her mocking attitude that Lili is teasing, but Jack is serious.  He strips off his leaf-and fur vestments and dives headlong into the pond.
27) 2) text: Lili...!  Princess Lili... Where are you...? There is no answer other than the hollow echo of his word lost on the wind.  It is bitterly cold.  Jack's wet hair freezes into strands of icicles.  He finds his clothing, wrapping himself in his fur vest.  His leafy cloak is inadequate for this weather and he hurries off, calling for the girl as he searches for shelter.
29) 0) text: Princess Lili hides shivering behind the tree, watching Jack and his fire.  Her hands are out of sight, tucked in the folds of her gown for warmth.  Although she is cold and frightened she makes no move to expose herself or to join the Green Man under the overhand.
29) 1) dialog: Lili's lovely face contorts with sorrow.  A single tear starts in her eye and drops to her cheek, where it freeze like a diamond beauty-spot.  Lili reaches up to wipe away the frozen tear.  Her hand is horribly transformed. Coarse black hairs sprout along her wrist and down her slender fingers.  In place of delicately tapered nails grow wickedly curved claws.  It is a hand more animal tha human.  Lili regards it with disgust.
30) 0) text: With Jack's small fire flickering faintly in the distance Princess Lili slinks away into the deep forest, eager to hide herself and her shame.
34) 0) text: It is shortly after dawn, but the feeble winter sun provides little warmth or light.  The gray day has the appearance of perpetual twilight.  From the rear, we easily recognize Princess Lili as she moves toward the frozen stream.  Her fine embroidered dress is soiled and torn, her long, unbound hair matted and stuck with burrs and twigs.  She's had a rough night in the open.  At the stream's edge she kneels, her back still to the CAMERA.
34) 2) dialog: The distant SOUND of LAUGHTER and SINGING, causes Lili to look up from the ice.  Her face is hideously transformed. Sharp fangs jut out over her lower lip.  Her nostrils are wide and flaring.  Patches of hair sprout on her cheeks. Her ears are pointed. She reacts to the strange sound like an animal, sniffing the air.  And, like an animal, she stealthily creeps off, ducking between the frozen trees like a carnivore stalkin her prey.
35) 0) text: The SOUNDS of SINGING grow nearer as Lili creeps through the woods, hiding herself behind the trees.
35) 1) text: Out of the marsh, the troop of elves and faeries is led b Gump and Jack.  The procession shimmers and sparkles, and Lili shrinks back from the joyous proceedings, hiding herself in shame.
42) 1) dialog: Several yards from the crouching rabbit, the Princess Lil stalks through the tall grass.  We do not SEE her face, but her embroidered gown hangs in tattered rags about her She moves with great stealth, like an animal, drawing ever-closer to the rabbit.  Her limbs are completely covered by a shaggy fleece of dark hair. The rabbit is very close now.  Lili's movements are like cat's as she creeps closer and closer.  All at once, in a sudden, wild movement, the girl leaps from the concealing grass and pounces on the unsuspecting hare, killing it in an instant.
59) 0) text: Lili has completely transformed into a savage beast.  Fur covers her face, her ears are pointed.  Sharp fangs punctuate her lips.  Only her eyes still seem human and afraid.
59) 1) dialog: (very frightened)
59) 2) text: Please... kill me if you must... It would be a gift. PULL BACK to show the dark room, windows shrouded by heav black drapes.  Thousands of candles drip and sputter, casting a flickering light across the clammy stone walls. The Baron stands before the cowering Lili, wearing his mask and wrapped in his cloak.  In his gloved right hand he holds a whip.
59) 4) dialog: What do you want with me?
59) 6) dialog: Your words sting more sharply than your whip.
59) 8) dialog: You are cruel!  Your heartless jesting worse than torture!  How can you speak of love when you see what I am!
59) 10) dialog: But I'm hideous!
59) 12) dialog: Grotesque... monstrous...
59) 14) dialog: You lie!  You wish to humiliate me, as if the form I'm forced to bear were not punishment enough!
59) 16) dialog: God protect me.
59) 18) dialog: You... you're a beast!
59) 20) dialog: And you... are you not also afraid?
59) 22) dialog: Then why hide behind a mask?  You are ashamed!
59) 25) dialog: Protection?
59) 27) dialog: Like some vile toadstool.
59) 29) dialog: Do you feed on mice and rats?
59) 31) dialog: Why have you brought me here?
59) 33) dialog: I'd soon die. The Baron uncoils his sinister whip.
59) 35) dialog: Damn you!
59) 37) dialog: (laughing)
59) 40) dialog: I'm not afraid to jump.  I'd prefer that to being with you! The Baron makes no reply, but strikes unexpectedly with his whip.  The lash coils around Lili's neck and pulls he off balance, yanking her back into the room.  She falls o her knees at the Baron's feet.
59) 42) dialog: Do it now!
59) 45) dialog: Jack... Oh, Jack... Help me...
60) 0) text: The SOUND of Lili's weeping CARRIES OVER as we SEE Oona, huddled in the corner of Jack's niche, crying softly to herself.  She has resumed her faerie shape and the light which emanates from her fragile wings and body is of a tender, delicate hue.  Jack kneels solicitously before her.
68) 0) text: The SNAP of a whip is as abrupt as the change of scene. A vile stone cellar, walls dripping with moss and slime. Human bones litter the earthen floor.  Chains and shackle hang between the instruments of torture:  there is an Iro Maiden, a rack and a charcoal brazier heating various tongs and pincers. The whip CRACKS again as the SHADOW of the Baron moves across the wall. Princess Lili is chained to a stone pillar.  Clothed only in tatters, her glossy pelt striped with bloody welts fro the lash, she huddles helplessly before the fury of the Baron. The Baron strikes again with the whip.  Semi-conscious, Lili can do little more than whimper when she is hit.
68) 2) dialog: (groaning)
68) 6) dialog: No more... please...
68) 9) dialog: Don't please... I'll do what you desire... The Baron coils his whip.
68) 11) dialog: What do you want from me?
68) 14) dialog: Oh, yes...
68) 16) dialog: And then?
68) 18) dialog: What will become of me then?
68) 20) dialog: I see...
68) 22) dialog: Do as you wish with my body, you'll never possess my soul!
68) 24) dialog: I don't expect you'd understand.
68) 26) dialog: You're a beast!
78) 0) text: It is very dark.  A small fire on the hearth provides the only light, casting bold, flickering shadows across the spartan chamber. Something moves in the shadows.  Something sleek and swift.  There is another movement, sensual and predatory; a hunting animal. The shadows dance; animal forms glide through the flickering light.  They are not hunting, but mating. Their fur shines in the firelight.  Tails SWISH in erotic sinuosity.  The low, growling MOAN of their love language is the SOUND of pure, primal pleasure. Glimpsed through the shadows, the sensuous sliding animal movement of the Baron and Lili becomes a passionate ballet.  Their dark bodies writhe and merge, a collision of clouds -- the mating of shadows. Lili is no victim here, but a willing and eager participant.  She seems utterly feminine and feline, her back arched, a vibrant MOAN purring from her throat. The Baron mounts her, proud as a stallion, and their rhythmic coupling casts lyric shadows across the bare stone walls.
86) 0) text: The SOUNDS of MOANING are LOW and VIBRANT.  The room is masked in shadows.  Items of torn, discarded clothing lie in contorted positions about the flagstone floor.  The coals on the hearth glow like the eyes of a demonic beast Not far away, the unicorn horn leans against the wall, bathed in the ember's glow.  Lili and the Baron lie together amidst a tangle of quilts and featherbeds.  They MOAN softly, bodies wrapped in sinuous ease.  Their dark fur gleams.  Very tenderly, they lick one-another, like cats.
97) 0) text: The room is dark.  Lili lies in the Baron's arms surrounded by tangled bedclothing.  He strokes her soft fur gently.  A muffled CRY is HEARD outside and Lili, alarmed, sits up abruptly.
97) 1) dialog: What was that?  Did you hear that?
97) 3) dialog: It sounded like it came from the courtyard.
97) 5) dialog: Might we watch, too?
97) 7) dialog: And I with you... I never dreamed life held such pleasures...
97) 9) dialog: It's odd... when I first found myself... changing... I was sick with loathing and disgust.  I thought I was so ugly I wanted to die...
97) 11) dialog: Now I want to live forever.  I've never felt so strong or happy.
97) 13) dialog: Yes.  I feel that, too.  Weakness is what is ugly.
97) 15) dialog: To be strong and free... that is all I desire.
97) 17) dialog: And what savagery would please you most, my Lord? The Baron's talons rake Lili's fur as he hauls her into a rough embrace.
97) 22) dialog: as she reacts to the Baron's plight.  Her eyes narrow; he ears tuck back; a low GROWL rumbles from her throat as sh bears her fangs.
97) 28) text: Lili!  No!
97) 29) dialog: Jack... Forgive me... As gently as possible, Jack pulls the sword from Lili's body.  He drops the weapon to the floor and lifts the gravely injured Princess in his arms.
97) 31) dialog: Only what's right... Jack carries Lili over to the bed and lays her gently down.
97) 33) dialog: I was bewitched... it's better this way...
97) 35) dialog: I wish I were... will be soon... Don't be troubled, Jack, tis a great gift you've given me... Jack buries his face in the bed-clothes, sobbing.
97) 37) dialog: You've freed me, Jack...
97) 39) dialog: No... it's not you he's afraid of, it's... light...
97) 41) dialog: Sunlight... It destroys him.
97) 43) dialog: That's why he goes masked during the day...
97) 45) dialog: In the dark... where I join him...
97) 47) dialog: And I... love you... The door to the bedroom crashes open and Gump, along with Screwball and several other armed faeries, enter excitedly.
107) 0) text: The world is lush and green once again.  The trees billow like deciduous cumuli.  Bold spring flowers polka-dot the emerald meadow.  In the distance, the Castle Couer de Noi is in flames, thick, black smoke staining the azure sky. The faerie army marches across the meadow, singing jubilantly.  They carry their wounded away on litters. Foremost of these are the biers bearing Oona and Lili. The Princess' litter is festooned with blossom; heaps of wild-flowers blanket the unconscious girl.
110) 6) dialog: Oh!  Green Jack!  What a dream I've had... proper nightmare.
110) 8) dialog: Sweet Jack.  I'm so sorry you found me asleep.  Don't know what came over me.
110) 10) dialog: Seemed like weeks and weeks.  Such a terrible dream... I could never tell you...
110) 12) dialog: Oh no, dearest Jack... I meant every word.
110) 14) dialog: Nay, dearest Jack... you are to be my husband.  I want none other.
110) 16) dialog: You wear your weeds as well as golden armor, Jack.  Like a true Prince... a champion!
110) 18) dialog: And I love you, my husband. They fall eagerly into each other's arms.  Their long, passionate embrace is interrupted by an unseen pest.
110) 20) dialog: What's the matter?
110) 22) dialog: Biting you?
110) 24) dialog: Pinching?  Where?
110) 26) dialog: I can't see a thing.
110) 28) dialog: Oona?  Do you suppose it's a faerie?
110) 30) dialog: Hurry up then, Jack o' the Green... You'll be safe in the castle... We'll hand out bells and crosses... strew the floors with flax and salt...
111) 0) text: Lili and Jack run together holding hands down a sunlit forest path.  The DIALOGUE is CONTINUOUS:
111) 1) dialog: No faeries in the palace... We have our own magician, knows lots of spells... First, we'll tell my father the news... you'll like my father, Jack.  He's not like most kings... Watching from a high bank, unseen by Lili and Jack, the mare unicorn and her black colt stand in sun-dappled silence.  The colt rubs against his mother's flank as she gently blows on his mane with her delicate sea-shell nostrils. Below, Jack and Lili run together up the path into a BLAZ of sunlight.
111) 2) dialog: ... and we won't have to stay in some stuffy manor all the time. When the weather's fair we can live in the woods... I'll wear homespun like shepherdess... They disappear into the GLARE and the screen goes WHITE.