37) 3) text: That foul wallow be where Jenny Greenteeth dwells.  Oona... lure her out.  Play the part of a girl-child.
39) 6) dialog: Courage, Jack.
41) 36) dialog: Oh dear... oh dear...
43) 10) dialog: And the sword... surely that was providence.
43) 18) dialog: Can you find her, Jack?
44) 0) text: An isolated glade deep in the frozen forest.  Icicles han like frozen daggers from the surrounding trees.  A light dusting of snow powders the ground.  No birds sing.  All is silent and still. Jack, Gump, Screwball and Oona creep through the ice- coated underbrush.  Screwball is clumsy and crashes over several gelid ferns which break like shattering crystal.
44) 4) dialog: He's already half toad, if you ask me.
44) 6) dialog: Sorry. The foursome, all clad in armor, continue silently to the edge of the glade.  They conceal themselves behind the trunk of a huge, gnarled oak.  The glade is empty.
44) 10) dialog: You shush.
44) 19) dialog: How wonderful. They are suddenly interrupted by the LOUD HOWLING of wolves.  The plaintive WAIL stabs through the cold air like a cry from Hell.
44) 21) dialog: No!
44) 35) text: Watch behind or I'll never collect on it! Jack spins about in time to see the leader's mate charge savagely.  The wolf leaps, a high, acrobatic arc whose trajectory moves from a blur of gray fur to the precise delineation of cold yellow eyes, lolling tongue and wicked, gleaming fangs. Jack lifts his sword as the wolf lands on his shoulders and chest.  Falling backwards, Jack thrusts up and the ti on his blade impales the wolf as they drop to the ground. Tossing the squirming animal as a farmer would a fork-loa of hay, Jack flips the wolf over his head.  Scrambling to his knees, he delivers the death-stroke with swift efficiency. Standing over the dead wolves, sword in hand, his breastplate drenched in their blood, Jack is terrible to behold.  The others in the pack sense they have been beaten and slink whimpering back into the woods, tails abjectly hooked between their legs. Gump, Screwball and Oona dart from their hiding places. They jump and leap about Jack, chattering happily.
44) 38) dialog: Were I a mortal girl, Jack, methinks I'd be in love with you.
44) 40) dialog: No need for bells, Jack.  I'll nay enchant ye. Oona stops her teasing and points to the unicorn, a look of utter wonder replacing the mischief on her face.
44) 41) dialog: Oh, look!
44) 43) dialog: Isn't he beautiful.
44) 48) dialog: Such a sad world, be there no unicorns to brighten it.
47) 0) text: The rag-tag army of faeries on the march.  Jack rides at the head of the column on Sapphire.  Gump has had his way and is mounted on the colt, who trots obediently by his mother's side.  The other elves and faeries are either on foot or mounted on an odd array of wild animals.  Deer, foxes, rabbits, each serves as a steed for a tiny warrior Bright banners undulate from numbers of lance tips.  A variety of armor glistens in the pale wintry sun. Overhead, Oona and several other small nymphs ride on flying songbirds. As they march and ride, all the faerie folk are singing, their voices high and clear, shimmering like wind over a moonlit lake; precise as birdsong; haunting as an echo.
52) 0) text: Jack rides silently at the head of the procession.  He seems locked deep within himself.  Gump and Screwball tro alongside, obviously uncomfortable with Jack's somber brooding.  Neither of the faeries has the heart to break the oppressive silence. All at once, the bird darts down out of the trees above, circles twittering, and glides in for a perfect landing o Jack's shoulder.  Oona dismounts; rather, she herself flutters delicately into the air and flies over to Jack's other shoulder.  She caresses his cheek and whispers softly into his ear.
52) 2) text: What's she say...?  What's she say? Oona makes a disagreeable face at Gump.  Jack reaches up and she hops into his hand with a smile.
58) 8) dialog: Do you always sleep with your sword, Jack? Oona kneels beside his bedside.
58) 10) dialog: Then, tis not for chastity? Methought you kept a naked blade twixt you and any maiden chanced spend the night.
58) 12) dialog: I'm partial to oaks, as are all faerie folk.  Mayn't I come visit sometime?
58) 14) dialog: Only that?
58) 16) dialog: Fie!  Don't speak of charms.  I should charm you for being so dull- witted.
58) 18) dialog: Do I not please you, Jack?
58) 20) dialog: And am I not fair?
58) 22) dialog: Then why do you speak sweeter words to Jenny Greenteeth?
58) 24) dialog: Jest with me then.
58) 26) dialog: Tell me I'm fair, as you did the hag.
58) 28) dialog: And sweet?
58) 30) dialog: Pray you be sweet as your words, dear Jack. Oona moves close to Jack, kissing his lips as a soft cocoon of faerie light engulfs them.  Nearly enchanted, Jack pushes away.
58) 32) dialog: A faerie's love makes anything possible.
58) 34) dialog: What shape I take matters not.  Long you for another?  I'll give you your heart's desire. The faerie light burns brightly around Oona, surrounding her like a chrysalis as she alters and shifts, transforming into a grown woman.  When she steps forward, parting the curtain of light like a niade stepping throug a waterfall, it is the Princess Lili who appears.
58) 36) dialog: Come then, Green Jack, you've promises to keep... Oona/Lili moves closer to Jack, running her hand behind his neck, embracing him.
58) 38) dialog: Oh, but it is... I'm warm and alive and happy to be in your arms. Furiously, Jack thrusts her aside.
58) 41) dialog: (harsh and spiteful)
60) 0) text: The SOUND of Lili's weeping CARRIES OVER as we SEE Oona, huddled in the corner of Jack's niche, crying softly to herself.  She has resumed her faerie shape and the light which emanates from her fragile wings and body is of a tender, delicate hue.  Jack kneels solicitously before her.
60) 2) dialog: (weeping)
60) 5) dialog: (sobbing)
60) 8) dialog: What care I for the human heart! Such a soft, spiritless thing it is. I prefer the hearts of hawks and wolves; fierce and free and keen as steel!
60) 10) dialog: I would build a wall around me with such stone, so the likes of you might never enter.
60) 12) dialog: You beware, Jack!  You and your porridge-pot heart! There is a bright whirlwind of faerie light, and in a brilliant, pyrotechnic moment, Oona is gone.
61) 14) dialog: The raven has taken to wing and flies due north! Jack waves his arm at the assembled troop of faeries and urges the unicorn to the head of the column.
63) 3) dialog: (scolding)
63) 6) dialog: True north... (she points)
63) 9) dialog: Some sort of net... I'll see. Oona flies rapidly away, straight towards the web.
63) 15) dialog: (calling out)
63) 16) text: Help!  I'm stuck...!  Oh please help! A giant spider the size of a man makes his way along the web towards the helpless Oona.  There is something especially repulsive about the creature's monstrous shape.  His movements are a coordinated ballet of evil.
63) 17) dialog: (screaming)
63) 25) dialog: ... Kill it... Kill it! The arrows don't stop the spider and it reaches Oona, biting her in the leg.  She screams into unconsciousness. The spider sets to work spinning filament and wrapping th stunned faerie up like a cocoon.
64) 0) text: The column of armed faeries marches steadily up the defile.  Jack rides at the head; Gump beside him on the colt.  Four faeries bear the litter, carrying Oona on their shoulders.  In the distance behind them are four small, flower-decked mounds:  the freshly dug graves in which their fallen comrades lie buried.
107) 0) text: The world is lush and green once again.  The trees billow like deciduous cumuli.  Bold spring flowers polka-dot the emerald meadow.  In the distance, the Castle Couer de Noi is in flames, thick, black smoke staining the azure sky. The faerie army marches across the meadow, singing jubilantly.  They carry their wounded away on litters. Foremost of these are the biers bearing Oona and Lili. The Princess' litter is festooned with blossom; heaps of wild-flowers blanket the unconscious girl.