43) 0) text: All the faeries have gathered for a great feast.  The dragon's severed head is set upright on a pike.  Haunches of spitted dragon meat turn slowly over a bed of coals. Much of the treasure has been gathered into sacks and stands by the rope like harvest grain awaiting transport. Several gnomes and elves are busy hoisting the sacks up out of the mound.  Jack and the other faeries sit on the dragon's carcass, feasting and swilling wine from golden goblets.  Jack wears the armor of Achilles and in it he i transformed from a wild hermit to a valiant knight.  The others wear bits and pieces of bejeweled armor plucked from the treasure hoard.  Gump has on a horned Viking helmet which fits him badly.  Another imp, a monkey-faced elf named SCREWBALL, wears the helm of a Roman legionnaire.  Everyone is singing.
43) 5) dialog: Keep me belly full, Jack.  Kill us another worm.
43) 7) dialog: Nay.  Jack's the dragon-slayer, ain't you, Jack.
43) 11) dialog: They don't come no sharper. Jack lifts the incredible sword, studying its length before laying it against the fallen dragon.
43) 14) dialog: The fastest in the world.
43) 17) dialog: She be fastest now.
44) 0) text: An isolated glade deep in the frozen forest.  Icicles han like frozen daggers from the surrounding trees.  A light dusting of snow powders the ground.  No birds sing.  All is silent and still. Jack, Gump, Screwball and Oona creep through the ice- coated underbrush.  Screwball is clumsy and crashes over several gelid ferns which break like shattering crystal.
44) 3) dialog: Sorry.
44) 7) dialog: What do we do now?
44) 14) dialog: What's she doing?
44) 22) dialog: They want the mare. Jack draws his gleaming sword.
44) 29) dialog: (calling out)
44) 30) text: Steady, Jack. Screwball draws his bow, aims quickly, and shoots.
44) 33) text: I'm in your debt, Screwball.
44) 34) dialog: (calling back)
44) 35) text: Watch behind or I'll never collect on it! Jack spins about in time to see the leader's mate charge savagely.  The wolf leaps, a high, acrobatic arc whose trajectory moves from a blur of gray fur to the precise delineation of cold yellow eyes, lolling tongue and wicked, gleaming fangs. Jack lifts his sword as the wolf lands on his shoulders and chest.  Falling backwards, Jack thrusts up and the ti on his blade impales the wolf as they drop to the ground. Tossing the squirming animal as a farmer would a fork-loa of hay, Jack flips the wolf over his head.  Scrambling to his knees, he delivers the death-stroke with swift efficiency. Standing over the dead wolves, sword in hand, his breastplate drenched in their blood, Jack is terrible to behold.  The others in the pack sense they have been beaten and slink whimpering back into the woods, tails abjectly hooked between their legs. Gump, Screwball and Oona dart from their hiding places. They jump and leap about Jack, chattering happily.
44) 37) dialog: Wolf-slayer, worm-sticker... give a cheer for the champion!
44) 47) dialog: Small miracles better than no miracles...
49) 0) text: The faerie troop rides to the edge of the wintry forest. Their spirits are still high, but something about the moo of the place takes hold.  The singing stops.  Bright laughter fades. Screwball, a WORRIED ELF and a NERVOUS GOBLIN ride side- by-side into the frightening forest.  They make an odd trio, mounted as they are upon a fox, a hare and a badger Arthritic tree branches twist grotesquely above them in the gloom.
49) 2) dialog: Me too.  No babies to pinch. Haven't pinched a baby in so long, probably lost my touch.
49) 4) dialog: Laugh's better'n stubbing your toe.
49) 6) dialog: What's the matter?  Fraid of the big, dark woods?
49) 11) dialog: Help!  Jack!  Gump!  Preserve poor me! The other two faeries are quick to follow.
49) 17) dialog: Master Jack!  Master Jack!  These woods are alive!  They're alive!
49) 20) dialog: No, no, no... this is different!
49) 24) dialog: Up ahead!
50) 1) dialog: You see!  You see!
50) 4) dialog: Never cared much for dogs.  Always chasing the wee folk, they are... Think I'll lift my leg on one; see how he likes the tables turned. Screwball saunters over to a dog-shaped root, untying his cod-piece as threatened. Jack draws his gleaming sword.
50) 13) dialog: Oh dear... oh dear... I hope dogs have shorter memories than trees. Jack scrambles on the ground, grabbing up handfuls of mos and mud.
50) 22) dialog: What can you steal from a man already lost his life?
52) 0) text: Jack rides silently at the head of the procession.  He seems locked deep within himself.  Gump and Screwball tro alongside, obviously uncomfortable with Jack's somber brooding.  Neither of the faeries has the heart to break the oppressive silence. All at once, the bird darts down out of the trees above, circles twittering, and glides in for a perfect landing o Jack's shoulder.  Oona dismounts; rather, she herself flutters delicately into the air and flies over to Jack's other shoulder.  She caresses his cheek and whispers softly into his ear.
52) 5) dialog: Ogg lives there...!  And Thurgis!
53) 10) dialog: What care the bones when the soul is free?
54) 0) text: Stalactites twist down like fangs from above as Gump lead the way through the underground labyrinth.  Screwball walks at his side, a flaming candle-stub stuck to the top of his outlandish Roman helmet.  Jack is right behind and the other faeries are strung out in the rear, some carrying torches, some candle-lanterns, others merely lighting the way with their own mysterious foxfire glow. Turning a final corner, the procession comes to a huge golden gong hanging on the cave wall, a wooden mallet beside it.
54) 18) dialog: Gonna make ogre-stew!
63) 36) dialog: Three cheers for our champion. The faeries give out with a hearty HOORAY as Jack works deftly with his sheath-knife, slicing the gossamer webbin from around the unconscious Oona.  He severs the last strand and lifts her from the confining cocoon.
72) 7) text: Screwball has a frog/bat attached to his face, the tiny teeth ripping.  He tears at the creature and falls to the ground, rolling over and over and SCREAMING in pain. A frog/bat zooms down on Gump.  SEEN C.U., the gaping frog-mouth with its row of needle-sharp teeth is genuinel terrifying. Gump is already having problems with a half-dozen clingin frog/bats.  They bite and tear through his clothing as he swats at them. The entire formation of faerie soldiers is in disarray. They mill about in frantic confusion, helplessly fighting the swirling myriads of frog/bats surrounding them. In his armor, Jack is relatively well-protected from the infuriating creatures.  Sword in hand, he hacks flying frog/bats from the the air as skillfully as a tennis player returning a serve.  Several of the evil winged creatures land on the unicorn's rump, biting and drawing blood.  Sapphire rears and whinnies in fear and pain. Jack swats them off with his free hand, doing his best to soothe his mount at the same time.
76) 0) text: Beneath the shield wall is a world of shadows, the shield bearers dark and solid as tree trunks; the archers moving between them like silhouettes of Sagittarius.  Beams of light stab down through the openings.  The archers kneel, aim and fire upwards into the light.  The DRUMMING of dive-bombing frog/bats rumbles like thunder. The archers encourage one another with boasts and compliments.  "Good shot."  "Right between the eyes!" "Bullseye!"  etc. etc. Screwball kneels and fires next to Jack and Gump.
76) 1) dialog: (muttering)
76) 4) text: Bloody marvelous shot! Something CLANGS on the shields above.  Screwball's arrow drops at his feet.  Three frog/bats are impaled upon the shaft like shishkabob. Screwball grabs up the arrow and waves his trophy in fron of Jack and Gump.
76) 5) dialog: Look at that shot!  Three at once! I can't miss!
76) 7) dialog: Sweet slippers of Oisin!
79) 0) text: Drifting smoke swirls over the uplifted shields as Jack, Gump and Screwball break from the cover and protection of the phalanx.  They sprint across the open plain.  The smoke covers them.  Their escape goes unnoticed by the furious frog/bats.
80) 0) text: At the crest of the hill where the plain meets the wooded forest, the faeries' siege machinery stands in martial ranks facing Castle Couer de Noir.  A row of catapults is front and foremost.  Jack and Gump run up the hill toward the engines of war.  Screwball lags behind, complaining.
80) 1) dialog: Why me, that's all I ask...?  Why not Gunner or Floki...?  Someone who doesn't bruise so easy... Screwball reluctantly joins the others at the first of th catapults.
80) 2) dialog: Someone like Floki... or Squarefoot... or --
80) 4) text: You'll do it because I am you liege and I command you to do it! Screwball gulps back a complaint and kneels before Gump.
80) 5) dialog: Aye... my Lord...
80) 7) dialog: Maybe there's a better idea... What about birds... get a lift from some friendly bird...
80) 9) dialog: Or a kite...!  We could make a kite... Let the wind do the work --
80) 12) dialog: Nay, Sire, I'll cling to it as to life itself...
80) 21) dialog: Oberon's hump protect me-eeeeeeee! Jack pulls the lever releasing the windlass and the arm whips forward, catapulting Screwball high into the air over the castle.  His cry is lost on the wind as his form diminishes into a tiny dot arcing over the walls above th flaming moat.
81) 0) text: A lean-to roofed with thatch is build along the inside wall, sheltering a stable.  The courtyard is deserted as Screwball comes hurtling like a meteor.  He lands in the thatch and sinks from sight. After a moment, Screwball's pixie face appears out of the straw.
81) 1) dialog: Someone what doesn't bruise, says I... glorious mission, says they... A CLATTER of armored FOOTFALLS alerts Screwball to the approach of the Baron's demonic troops.  A squad of hideous Heironymous Bosch imps, fearful combinations of reptiles and swine, long-beaked birds with insect wings, feathered rodents, deformed jackals, trots NOISILY across the cobbles below. Screwball ducks into the thatch.
81) 2) dialog: Dear... oh, dear... straight from Hell by the looks of 'em... The grotesque armor the imps wear adds to their sinister appearance.  They JABBER LOUDLY at one-another in a fearful GOBBLEDYGOOK.  The wicked points of their partisans glitter, passing at eye-level as Screwball burrows deeper into the thatch. After a moment, the echoes of the imps passage fades. Screwball pops up out of the straw and has a look around, the coiled golden line clutched tightly in his grasp.
81) 3) dialog: Bet they eat elves for breakfast... Screwball clambers to the top of the lean-to roof and climbs up the protruding bones and skulls to the top of the wall.
82) 0) text: Screwball stares down the dizzying abyss into the flaming moat.  He waves at his beleaguered companions, but is hidden from view by drifting smoke.  This is a good thing for another squad of imp-goons troops across the courtyar below.
82) 1) dialog: Get moving, Screwball, 'fore they serves you up on a piece of toast! Screwball scampers along the ridge of the wall, hopping over the crenelations like a squirrel.
83) 0) text: The wall abuts into the curving battlements of the central keep, towering above.  A narrow ledge leads away from the top of the wall, arcing around the keep to the portculis. Screwball begins the traverse like a mountaineer, edging one sliding foot at a time along the ledge, trying not to look down into the flame and smoke, nor across at his comrades huddles under the shield wall.
85) 0) text: Screwball continues his cautious progress across the curving facade of the keep.
85) 1) dialog: I should be out sippin' fresh cow's milk straight from the udder... that's what I should be doing... Screwball's progress takes him under a sealed iron shutter.  The SOUND of GROWLS and MOANING brings him up short.
85) 2) dialog: What's this now? Hooking his fingers into the eye-sockets of a convenient skull, Screwball gets a good grip and clambers up the wal to the window sill.  Hanging like a bat, he peers through the tiny slit between the bottom of the shutter and the sill.
87) 0) text: Screwball carefully lowers himself back to the ledge, grinning like a pixie.
87) 1) dialog: Found the alicorn, I did, I did... Found the Baron, too... hee, hee... Screwball tip-toes away on the ledge, more sure of himsel now.
87) 2) dialog: Won't be the first caught on love's horns.
88) 0) text: A copper-sheathed arch rising over the entranceway.  The drawbridge is drawn-up tight underneath and serves as a massive gate. Screwball hops off the ledge onto the roof.  A gargoyle rivaling the Baron's impish cohorts juts out of the wall just beneath.  Screwball ties one end of the golden line around it.
89) 0) text: Jack hurries along the moat-edge, flames licking past him He looks up and spots Screwball tying the line to the gargoyle above.
89) 2) dialog: (calling down)
90) 0) text: Screwball ties his sheath-knife to the other end of the line.
90) 1) dialog: Easy as eating pancakes. Screwball tosses the weighted line out over the moat.  It clears the flames and lands at Jack's feet.
96) 0) text: The ROAR and HOWL of battle drowns Jack's enthusiastic CHEERS as he urges his men on from atop the roof over the portculis. We SEE Screwball eagerly telling what he observed in the keep, but the SOUNDS of the conflict below COVER his actual words.  It is obvious from Screwball's enthusiasti gestures that he describes the location of the unicorn horn.  Screwball points along the ledge to the shuttered window in the keep. A tremendous CRY OF VICTORY rises from below as the faeries break through the ranks of imps and surge forward into the castle.
98) 10) text: Screwball!  Fetch me down a couple of them plates. Screwball scurries up to a nearby shelf and brings down two large golden plates.
98) 11) dialog: How're these?
100) 6) dialog: stands by a pillar holding a silver plate.  He directs th sunlight at the Baron, following him as he twists and writhes in agony.
100) 11) dialog: Sorry. The CLATTER of HOOF-FALLS is HEARD galloping in the distance. Jack rushes up, sword in hand.
100) 15) dialog: Sorry, Jack.
100) 20) dialog: (panting)
102) 0) text: The CHIRPING VOICES CARRY OVER and become the CLIP-CLOP o hooves.  A graceful elf leads Sapphire, the mare unicorn, out of the darkness to where Gump, Screwball and several other faeries stand waiting.
108) 3) text: The trees are green, spirits unseen, The world we know is but a dream. The flowers sing; all birds take wing, Life and Death are an endless ring. The procession approaches an underground faerie tomb, beautifully constructed of fieldstone.  The opening is like a well, leading down to the beehive chamber beneath the earth.  At the bottom, on a blanket of blossoms, the unicorn's bleached alabaster bones are precisely arranged Two winged faeries take the pillow from Screwball and fly with it down into the tomb, placing it at the head of the skeleton.  A shaft of sunlight makes the skull and horn gleam like polished ivory.  All the elves and faeries, laughing and singing, cast the flowers they carry down into the tomb.
109) 5) dialog: (hooting)