32) 0) text: A swinging party is in progress at Andy's house - the man whose face we saw at the Luna Lounge with Renee.  ANDY, 3 years old, a slick guy, is seen moving through the crowd, making small talk, kissing and being kissed.  The PEOPLE are wannabe players, the men mostly shady, gold-chain- wearing, slightly unsavory types; the women dressed  provocatively, big hair and skin-tight dresses.  Through  sliding glass doors we see nude and semi-nude people  cavorting in a swimming pool.  Everyone has a drink in hi her hand.  Renee finishes her drinkt and hands the empty glass to Fred who walks away with it.  Andy grabs Renee, dances with her.  They laugh and talk.  Renee appears to bit intoxicated. Fred, who appears less than thrilled with the carryings o makes his way to the open bar where he orders two drinks. When the drinks arrive he drains one of them completely, sets the empty glass down on the bar.  Then he swallows t other drink, too, and sets down the glass. A MYSTERY MAN, tall, well-dressed and groomed, older than Fred, approaches him.
32) 32) dialog: (looking at the Mystery Man)
32) 35) dialog: Yes, I believe so.
32) 38) dialog: He is?  I didn't think you knew Dick. How do you know he's dead? Andy and Renee exchange a worried look, which Fred does n
32) 40) dialog: (angrily)
53) 13) dialog: Guess who?
74) 0) text: Marian and Raquel are in the living room, attired in the  undergarments they purchased at the lingerie store.  HOT  MUSIC is BLARING from a stereo.  Marian and Raquel are  dancing, as sexy and wild as it is possible for them to b Andy is lying on his back on the rug, dressed only in  undershorts and socks, the girls stomping feet stepping  furiously around his head and body.  His eyes are closed first, but when he opens them, he sees their feet in a bl He tries to get up, but he is too strung out, and he  collapses again.  Marian and Raquel take him by his hands feet and begin pulling him around the room as they dance. Andy is blitzed, smiling moronically.  The girls' breasts tumble out of their teddies.  Raquel drops her end of And turns up the music even louder, and dances into a frenzy. Marian drops to her knees, Andy's feet on either side of shaking her shoulders and whipping her hair around.  Andy makes another attempt to sit up - he looks at Marian, rea for her but falls back, dead to the world.  Raquel and Ma don't quit.
149) 18) text: Andy... I can get away tomorrow night... I could come to your house... That sounds good... Around nine... Yeah, me too, Andy... Great... See ya then. She hangs up the phone.
154) 0) text: Pete sneaks through the kitchen and comes into the living room.  Pete stops short and stares.  A movie projector is running in the living room.  A porno film is being projec on a huge screen at the far end.  Alice is in the porno f A man is fucking her from behind - with LOUD SLAPPING SOU of flesh banging flesh.  Her face is in the foreground. eyes look out directly at Pete.  She is loving every minu of it.  Inside Pete, jealousy starts to rage out of contr He looks around.  He sees clothes scattered about.  He pi up a girl's sweater and smells it.  He looks up the stair Feet appear at the top of the stairs.  They start down. Pete runs for the bar. Along the way, he grabs a heavy, bronze figurine of a wel stacked woman off a rectangular glass-topped coffee table and ducks behind the bar. He can hear Andy approaching.  He can hear Andy gather tw glasses.  He can hear Alice being fucked harder in the po film.  He clenches his teeth with rage. Suddenly, Andy moves right in front of him.  They see eac other.  Andy's eyes widen - Pete leaps up, and thwacks th bronze figurine down on the top of Andy's head.  Andy fal The breasts of the figurine have made two bloody holes in forehead. Pete turns. Alice is coming quickly down the stairway - naked, except a pair of panties.  Lipstick is smeared around her mouth. She is carrying a half-filled pillowcase.  Her porno film playing on the wall  behind her. These images jump and spin in Pete's mind.  He moves  unsteadily toward her.
154) 3) text: Alice, I... Pete starts to tremble.  He drops the figurine.  He tries embrace her. There is a crashing noise behind him. Pete turns and sees Andy staggering, blood streaming from wound in his head, THEN CHARGING FULL SPEED AT PETE. Andy hits him hard, and Pete goes down.  When Pete hits t ground, he pushes Andy up and throws out his arms.  This, Andy's momentum, catapult Andy into the corner of the  rectangular glass-topped coffee table.  There is a sound hammer going through a bucket of eggs as the glass corner embeds about eight inches into Andy's forehead. CLOSE UP OF ANDY'S HEAD - impaled on the sharp corner of table, his chest area suspended, his legs and stomach  touching the floor.
154) 5) text: Wow! Pete pulls himself off the floor. Pete moves close to Alice, they drift to the glass coffee table, staring for a few moments at Andy's dead body. While Pete stares, unbelieving, at Andy - Alice hurriedly picks up her sweater and puts it on. On the sofa next to lay Andy's trousers.  She goes through the pockets, finds roll of cash bound by a rubber band.  Alice hands the rol Pete.
157) 0) text: Alice takes Pete to Andy's car and throws him the keys.
165) 0) text: The hallway is strangely similar to Pete's vision upstair Andy's.  Fred comes to the door numbered 25, looks at his which says "25" and unlocks the door and enters.
175) 0) text: We see the movie screen on a wall in Andy's living room. Marian, Raquel and RENEE'S images are being projected on screen, simultaneously involved in pornographic acts with men. Watching this movie in Andy's living room are severa people in shadows behind the light of the projector.  Amo them we see RENEE and MR. EDDY/LAURENT standing next to A Mr. Eddy/Laurent and Renee are hot - kissing - his hand i under her skirt.  They are watching the porno film.  They watching murky images of sex turning to violence. In a CLOSE UP we see Renee and Mr. Eddy/Laurent in the  shadows looking out at the film, both half-smiling, stone aroused. The image on the Watchman changes now.