0) 0) text: We see a clean moving POV illuminated by headlights.  We' floating down an old two-lane highway through a desolate, desert landscape.  This gliding, eerie POV continues as  credits roll. when the credits end, the headlights seem t dim and soon we're moving through BLACKNESS.
1) 0) text: in the blackness, a man, FRED, is sitting on a bed smokin cigarette. we see his back, but with each glow of the  cigarette ash, we see his face reflected in a mirror on t wall across from him.  In the darkness, there starts the  sound of a motor which draws curtains back across a large picture window just off screen.  As the curtain moves, ha light begins crawling across the room, and we see  everything clearly.  Fred is wearing a robe and pajamas, early morning. CLOSE UP ON FRED'S FACE IN THE MIRROR - Blank expression face somewhat obscured or distorted by smoke from the  cigarette. CLOSE UP 0N FRED'S ACTUAL FACE - Unshaven, haggard look, seem empty, glazed over.  Fred is 32 years old, with dark hair. THE DOORBELL RINGS.  Fred looks up, startled by the noise He looks at the digital clock: 5:30 a.m. FRED STANDS, goes to an INTERCOM on the wall next to the  mirror.  He pushes a button. A VOICE comes over the intercom.
2) 0) text: We can see Fred standing at the picture window, looking o
3) 0) text: Fred is dressed to go out: Black sport coat and slacks,  buttoned up white shirt.  He picks up a music case.  A wo comes into the room.  This is Fred's wife, RENEE, 30 year old, dark hair, dressed smartly, a drink in her hand.
5) 0) text: Fred is on the bandstand.  He takes a solo on his saxopho Fred plays hot, hard, neo-bop.  The BAND wails madly behi him.  The PATRONS explode onto the dance floor, making it wild scene.  Fred Is a lion now, roaring away on his teno driving everyone nuts.
6) 0) text: After the band quits to take a break, FEMALE FANS come on Fred, but he moves away, refusing their attentions.
7) 0) text: Fred dials a pay phone. 
8) 0) text: LOSE UP 0N FPED'S FACE as he listens to the ringing.   Sweat is still rolling off his face.  His eyes are blank.
9) 0) text: Fred's car pulls up in the driveway in front of his house Fred gets out, and goes into the house carrying his music case.
10) 0) text: Fred puts down his music case, goes to the bedroom, and s Renee sleeping soundly.
12) 0) text: Renee opens the manila envelope. She's noticeably nervous when she sees a videotape inside.  She stares at it. Fred enters, also wearing a bathrobe.  He sees Renee star at the videotape - before she hears him enter.  When she hear him, her eyes jerk away from the tape.
12) 7) text: No, nothing. Fred walks over and picks up the tape.
12) 10) text: Come on. They sit on the couch in front of the television. The TV monitor: We begin on the TV, then the videotape fi the entire frame.  The videotape shows the front of THE  MADISON HOUSE, the camera panning slowly over it.  The  picture is accompanied by an eerie DRONING SOUND.  After camera pans back to the front door, the tape image turns Fred and Renee stare at the snow for a few moments.  Rene looks relieved.
13) 0) text: Renee is seated at the dining room table - coffee cup and grapefruit in front of her.  She is wearing glasses, read a book.  Fred enters, and sees Renee, who does not look u acknowledge him.  Fred goes into the kitchen, which is ju off the dining room.  He comes back into the dining room a cup of coffee, and sits down with it opposite Renee.  H lights up a cigarette, sips his coffee, and looks at her.
13) 14) text: I told you you could wake me up if you wanted to. Renee looks up at him now, takes off her glasses, and sta at him. CLOSE UP OF FRED'S FACE - a disturbed expression. Renee seems about to say something more, but stops, puts glasses back on and resumes reading.
14) 0) text: Fred is in bed waiting for Renee.  He hears noises from t bathroom - bottles clinking, drawers opening and closing. Renee comes out wearing a robe, which she sheds just befo getting into bed.  Naked under the covers, she switches o her bedside lamp.  The only light in the room comes from outside, through the windows.  Fred moves closer to Renee puts his lips to her cheek, a hand on her breast.  She do not respond.  Fred pulls Renee to him, and kisses her  passionately.  Renee accedes to his demands, but does not participate willingly.  He makes love to her voraciously, her lack of passion disturbs him.  Fred can't stop, howev and when he comes she acts consolingly, stroking him  maternally while he calms down.  He climbs off of her and retreats to his side of the bed. CLOSE UP ON FRED'S EYES - which express his horror and  humiliation. They lie there in the dark silence for a while. Fred turns back toward Renee in the darkness.
15) 3) text: Fred?  Fred, where are you? The camera turns slowly back toward the hallway, and as i drifts it RISES UP following along the hall and turning  slowly into the bedroom.  Renee is lying below in the bed
16) 0) text: Fred is lying in bed with Renee, who is now backlit by he bedside lamp.  Fred looks at her shadowed face, but it's Renee's face.  It's a face Fred has never seen before.  F quickly turns and switches on his bedside lamp, and looks quickly back at Renee, whose face is now her own.
18) 0) text: Renee brings the videotape upstairs with the rest of the  mail.  She is a bit puzzled and unsettled.  She puts the down on a table.  She stares at it.  Fred comes in.
19) 0) text: Renee is on the telephone.  Fred is pacing, smoking, behi her.
20) 0) text: Two men in suits - the Detectives, ED and AL, are seated the couch, watching the last part of the second videotape The screen goes to snow and stays that way for several  moments, until Fred shuts it off.
20) 2) dialog: Let's have a look at the hallway outside the bedroom.
21) 0) text: All four of them go to the hallway, where Ed and Al look  around, especially up toward the ceiling.
21) 4) dialog: How'd the camera get so high like that?
21) 6) dialog: Like you'd get if it was hand held.
22) 0) text: The Detectives enter the bedroom.  Fred and Renee follow.
22) 1) dialog: This is the bedroom. The Detectives look around without touching anything.
22) 4) dialog: There's no other bedroom?
22) 8) dialog: What's your axe?
22) 10) dialog: (shakes his head)
22) 18) dialog: Do you have an alarm system?
22) 22) dialog: Might be a good time to try using it again.
22) 27) dialog: (to Al)
22) 28) text: Let's check the doors and windows... See if there's been a break-in. They all leave the bedroom.
23) 0) text: Fred's POV: He's watching Ed and Al with Renee who are  outside the house, walking around the property, checking  it out.
24) 0) text: Ed and Al are standing by an unmarked police car with Fre and Renee.  The Detectives are about to depart.
24) 2) dialog: As best we can.
24) 6) dialog: It's what we do. Ed and Al get into the car and drive off.  Renee and Fred look at each other, warily, then go back into the house.
25) 0) text: Fred is on the bandstand, sweating, and honking his saxophone.  He handles the horn roughly, braying like a b as the CROWD gathered in front of the stage gyrates as on swept away in the madness of the moment.
26) 0) text: At the back, near the side door, Renee can be seen with T MEN, only one of whose faces we see.  The trio are going the side door led by one of the men; we see only the back his head.  Renee glances briefly at the bandstand before exits with the two men.
27) 0) text: CLOSE UP OF        FRED as he plays, seemingly oblivious surroundings. His eyes open and shut as he clamps down on the horn.
29) 0) text: Fred is standing in the living room looking in the direct of the stairwell.  We HEAR someone's steps coming up the  stairs.  It's Renee, who eventually comes into view.  She holding another manila envelope.  She arrives at the top  step. She and Fred lock eyes. Fred takes the envelope, opens it, and pulls out a third  videotape. without saying anything, Fred takes the tape t the VCR.  He inserts it very carefully, slowly.  He hits  play, turns on the television and he and Renee sit down o the couch together and begin to watch with great  apprehension. Again we begin with a WIDE SHOT and then the TV monitor f the screen: We see the interior of the house at night.  T camera glides looking down from a high angle along the  hallway and into the bedroom, where Fred and Renee are  sleeping. Again, the DRONING SOUND plays throughout. in the bedroom where Fred and Renee are seen sleeping,  SUDDENLY, Fred, on the tape, slowly awakens as the camera holds on him.  He rises and turns unnaturally in the bed, if drawn up by his awareness of some strange presence in room.  He comes to a sitting position, his head straining upwards, looking in the direction of the camera.  At this point, the videotape image turns to snow.
30) 0) text: Fred and Renee are on the couch.  The TV remains on, show snow. Renee is very upset, crying.
30) 3) text: I wish I knew. Fred reaches over and tentatively takes Renee's hand in h She trembles, allows him to touch her, but otherwise does respond.  Suddenly, she jumps with fright.
31) 0) text: The Detectives, with Fred and Renee are seated on chairs the couch.  The three videotapes in their manila envelope are stacked on a coffee table in the center.
31) 2) dialog: Or something.
31) 6) dialog: Or not so recently?
31) 9) dialog: We'll take the tapes with us, if that's all right with you? Ed looks at Fred, then Renee, both of whom nod their  agreement.
31) 14) dialog: Did you use the alarm system since we were here last?
32) 0) text: A swinging party is in progress at Andy's house - the man whose face we saw at the Luna Lounge with Renee.  ANDY, 3 years old, a slick guy, is seen moving through the crowd, making small talk, kissing and being kissed.  The PEOPLE are wannabe players, the men mostly shady, gold-chain- wearing, slightly unsavory types; the women dressed  provocatively, big hair and skin-tight dresses.  Through  sliding glass doors we see nude and semi-nude people  cavorting in a swimming pool.  Everyone has a drink in hi her hand.  Renee finishes her drinkt and hands the empty glass to Fred who walks away with it.  Andy grabs Renee, dances with her.  They laugh and talk.  Renee appears to bit intoxicated. Fred, who appears less than thrilled with the carryings o makes his way to the open bar where he orders two drinks. When the drinks arrive he drains one of them completely, sets the empty glass down on the bar.  Then he swallows t other drink, too, and sets down the glass. A MYSTERY MAN, tall, well-dressed and groomed, older than Fred, approaches him.
32) 20) text: Fred, mirthful at first, as if it is a party trick of som kind, suddenly turns serious - it's obvious he's thinking of the videotapes.  He speaks into the phone.
33) 0) text: Fred is driving fast and recklessly.  Renee is drunk and smiling at him.
34) 0) text: Fred and Renee's car pulls up in front of their house.  F jumps out of the car.
35) 0) text: There are only a couple of dim lights on, the house is mo dark.  Fred moves slowly and carefully through his house searching each room for a possible intruder. Fred's POV - moving creepily room by room through the dar house - past the telephone - down the hall to the bedroom There is NO ONE there. He goes back outside for Renee.
37) 0) text: Fred switches on more lights.
38) 0) text: Fred and Renee are preparing to go to bed. Renee goes the bathroom off the bedroom. Fred takes another look into the hallway.
39) 0) text: Fred walks down the hallway.
40) 0) text: Fred looks around the dark living room.  Then absentminde he begins to inspect objects.  He picks up an ashtray and studies it - lost in thought.
42) 0) text: Fred is staring at himself in a mirror.
43) 0) text: Renee comes in.  Fred is not there.  She goes to the door peeks down the hallway.
43) 2) text: Fred?  Fred, where are you?
45) 0) text: Renee's POV - down the hallway.  There is just darkness a the end of the hall.  It is EERIE.  After a moment, Fred  slowly walks out of the darkness toward Renee.  He walks of the shot and the camera remains on the rectangle of  darkness at the end of the hall.
46) 0) text: Footsteps can be heard on the stairs.  Fred's head appear the top of the stairway.  He comes up into the living roo carrying a manila envelope, like the ones previously  received.  His expression is strained.  He is alone.  Fre pulls a videotape out of the envelope and inserts it in t VCR, turns it on.  He sits on the couch and watches.  We from a WIDE SHOT to a FULL FRAME SHOT of the video. On the tape is the same nighttime interior of the house,  accompanied by the DRONING SOUND.  The camera moves eeril down the hall toward the bedroom, sliding at a high angle The camera turns slowly into the bedroom - looking down. BLOOD is splattered over the floor, bed, walls.  The came drifts.  THE DEAD BODY OF RENEE lies on the floor at the of the bed.  She is badly mutilated.  Fred is hovering ov her on the tape, ON HIS KNEES, A HORRIFIED, UNBELIEVING  EXPRESSION ON HIS FACE.  On the tape, Fred turns away fro Renee - his hands raised, dripping blood - her blood.  Hi movements are almost mechanical, constricted, as he strai strangely upwards seemingly against his will, as if feeli some enormous pressure.  He looks directly at the camera, face a ghastly grimace, contorted, just before the taped  image goes to snow.
47) 0) text: Fred, sitting in front of the TV, shudders as the tape en He sits trembling, attempts to speak, almost chokes, and  finally releases a tortured, warbly cry.
48) 0) text: Fred's POV: A BIG FIST slams into Fred's face, knocking h back in a chair.  Ed and Al are standing in front of Fred
48) 1) dialog: Stay put, killer! The Detectives' POV: Fred's face is a bloody mask.  He is crying, whimpering.
49) 0) text: Fred, his lips and eyes swollen, sits on a cot, dressed i jail clothes.  He studies his hands, which appear cripple He flexes the fingers, slowly, painfully.
50) 0) text: We are in back of the house tracking slowly past the bedr and living room windows. Inside the house, INVESTIGATORS FORENSIC EXPERTS are moving around, measuring, scraping  samples of carpet, searching for fingerprints on furnitur
51) 0) text: Renee's CORPSE on a slab is rolled into an examining room an ATTENDANT.  The entrance of the body is shown reflecte a chrome-framed mirror that juts out from a tile wall.  T Attendant prepares for the impending autopsy, laying out rack of instruments, positioning the corpse.  As he is do these things, the MEDICAL EXAMINER enters, accompanied by GIRLFRIEND.  The M.E. is dressed formally, in a tuxedo. young woman is wearing a slinky dress with a fur wrap,  pearls, spike heels.  The couple are close; she has an ar through his, and she laughs, nervously.  He is smoking a  cigarette.
51) 9) text: Leave any time you want, lover.  I won't take it personally. The camera stays on the drain as we HEAR the M.E. unwrapp the packaged body parts.  Joyce's high heels enter the fr around the drain.  She is stepping nervously, like a spoo horse.  The clatter of her heels is very loud.  We hear t M.E. chuckle.
52) 0) text: The camera is behind a female FOREMAN in the jury box.  T shot begins on her shoes and travels up her body as she stands.  Over her left shoulder we see Fred standing at t defense table. Over her right shoulder the JUDGE is seate
54) 0) text: Fred, in the custody of GUARDS, wearing handcuffs and leg irons, is being escorted to his cell.  He appears zombie- as the guards open the cell door, unlock and remove his  shackles, and lock him in.
57) 0) text: Fred sits on the edge of his bed, a tray of prison food s on the floor - uneaten.
58) 0) text: Fred lies awake on his cot   he stares at the ceiling.
60) 0) text: This is a small narrow yard, not the large exercise yard population.  This yard is for use by death row prisoners  only, to exercise in one hour each day, by himself.  Fred released into the area, which is more like a dog run.  Th Guards watch Fred as he walks slowly up and down the exer yard.
62) 0) text: Fred sits on the edge of his bed, listening as sound of  the prisoners builds.  He's shaking.
63) 2) text: Here he comes. Several of the men in suits, along with several GUARDS, a CLERGYMAN, a PRISONER in the middle of the group, enter t hallway.  They proceed past the guard station down the ha As the procession files by, DEATH ROW INMATES come to the doors and talk to the prisoner.
64) 0) text: Fred sits on his bed, listening fearfully.  The camera st on Fred as we HEAR:
65) 0) text: The prisoner is strapped into the electric chair.  Behind glass partition WITNESSES are seated. One of the men in  suits, the WARDEN, goes to a telephone on the wall and st with his hand on the receiver.  He picks it up.
65) 3) text: Okay. The Warden hangs up the telephone and stays next to it. We see one of the condemned man's WRISTS being clamped wi an electrical device.  The other wrist is clamped. A metal halo is placed around the condemned man's head. large electrical cable leads off from the halo. Electrically conductive ointment is smeared around the ar where the clamps have been placed. The Clergyman moves close to the condemned man continuing give the man his last rites.  When he is finished, he nod the Warden.  The Warden approaches the condemned man.
66) 0) text: Fred sits frozen at the edge on his bed. A distant but LOUD ELECTRICAL HUM begins. Fred's head jerks upward to the light on his ceiling.  It dimmed to almost nothing. Fred sits in the humming darkness.
67) 0) text: The Guards release Fred into the yard for his exercise. first the sunlight is blinding, and Fred covers his eyes. moves along the wall, tentative, his fingers feeling the Fnally he slumps down on his haunches, back leaned  against the wall, eyes closed, letting the sun hit his fa soon, however, the sun passes behind a cloud and Fred is  bathed in shade.  Fred stands up, but is almost immediate hit by a searing pain in his head.  Fred holds his head w his hands, sinks down to his knees.  The Guard, who has b observing Fred from the doorway, comes over to him.
68) 0) text: Fred is on his cot, holding his head.  He is obviously in pain.  He gets up and staggers to the cell door.  Fred pu a CALL button next to the door to summon a guard.  The GU comes and speaks to Fred through a double mesh opening.
69) 0) text: Fred is brought in wearing handcuffs and leg irons, a GUA on either arm.  He is placed on a chair in the middle of room.  The guards stand one on each side of him.  A DOCTO enters.  He is in late-middle age, with serious eyebrows. Fred's head is hanging down, chin on chest.  The Doctor l Fred's head and we see dark circles under Fred's eyes; hi face is pale, teeth clenched, eyes tearing.  The Doctor t a light utensil from his pocket, and inspects each of Fre eyes.  He feels Fred's forehead.  After this, he allows  Fred's head to drop down again.  The Doctor takes Fred's  pulse.  He drops Fred's wrist.  He next takes Fred's bloo pressure.
69) 3) text: I can't sleep. The Doctor goes over to a cabinet, unlocks a drawer, and  removes a large blue pill.  He fills a paper cup with wat from a dispenser, goes back to Fred and places the pill i Fred's mouth.  The Doctor tilts Fred's head up and pours water down his throat, some of it dribbling down the fron Fred's shirt.  The Doctor looks into Fred's mouth to make sure he swallowed the pill.
69) 5) text: Take him back to his cell. The guards lift Fred by his arms, and shuffle march him o of the infirmary.
70) 0) text: Fred awakens on his cot.  He turns and sits up in the  darkness.  A stream of light through the slot window  illumines Fred's head, the forehead of which is swollen a discolored.  He staggers up and shuffles over to the call button, which he leans on.  A few moments later, a GUARD  appears on the other side of the mesh.
71) 0) text: The guard walks away from Fred's door to the guard statio where another GUARD is sitting at a table, reading a  magazine.
72) 0) text: Fred is on the floor lying on back. The camera comes  slowly down at him from the ceiling, like a weight pressi on his head.  Fred's pain is demonstrably overwhelming hi now.  He moans and rolls from side to side in the dimness making grotesque, otherworldly sounds.  As the camera mov into a CLOSE UP, the last image of Fred's head shows the  discolored swelling has increased.  Fred looks up, sensin something.
73) 0) text: There is a "For Sale" sign posted in front.  The camera p slowly as in the videotape across the front of the house. The interior of the house is dark, but fleetingly we are  aware of movement, shadows inside.
74) 0) text: Marian and Raquel are in the living room, attired in the  undergarments they purchased at the lingerie store.  HOT  MUSIC is BLARING from a stereo.  Marian and Raquel are  dancing, as sexy and wild as it is possible for them to b Andy is lying on his back on the rug, dressed only in  undershorts and socks, the girls stomping feet stepping  furiously around his head and body.  His eyes are closed first, but when he opens them, he sees their feet in a bl He tries to get up, but he is too strung out, and he  collapses again.  Marian and Raquel take him by his hands feet and begin pulling him around the room as they dance. Andy is blitzed, smiling moronically.  The girls' breasts tumble out of their teddies.  Raquel drops her end of And turns up the music even louder, and dances into a frenzy. Marian drops to her knees, Andy's feet on either side of shaking her shoulders and whipping her hair around.  Andy makes another attempt to sit up - he looks at Marian, rea for her but falls back, dead to the world.  Raquel and Ma don't quit.
75) 0) text: Fred is still curled on the floor, but spasms begin to ro his body.  He goes into convulsions, blood gushes from hi nostrils.  His head is badly swollen.  Fred vomits repeat and drags around in his mess.  Fred turns, straining upwa as we've seen him do before.  His face and head are hideo deformed. Fred brings his shaking, tortured hand to his forehead. pulls his hand down across his face squeezing it as it go As his hand passes over his face, Fred's features are rem leaving a blank, white mass with eye sockets. We move into the eye sockets and beyond.
76) 0) text: We see a clean moving POV illuminated by headlights.  We floating down an old two-lane highway through a desolate, desert landscape.  This gliding, eerie POV continues unti headlights illuminate a figure standing at the side of th road.  This figure is a man, PETE DAYTON.  Pete turns,  unsettled, as he looks directly at us as we move closer t him.  The ghost image of a house appears behind Pete.  Th is a girl, SHEILA, standing on the lawn in front of the  house.  She is afraid and is trying to communicate with P Pete doesn't seem to hear her and continues to stare dire at us.  Now Pete seems to move toward us as we move towar him.  His head fills the screen.
77) 0) text: Fred's blank face begins to contort and take on the  appearance, feature by feature, of Pete Dayton. Fred Madison is becoming Pete Dayton.
78) 0) text: We watch the sun rise outside the prison, ascending over strands of barbed-wire above the wall.
79) 0) text: A GUARD is making his early morning rounds.  He stops at cell and looks in, making a mark with a pencil on a piece paper on a clipboard. when he comes to Fred's cell, he is about to make a check-mark, but looks in again and appear confused.  THE MAN INSIDE IS NOT FRED.
81) 0) text: Captain Henderson is standing in front of a desk, behind  which the Warden is seated.  A nameplate on the desk read WARDEN MARSHALL R. CLEMENTS.
82) 0) text: The man from Fred's cell is just finishing being  fingerprinted. The doctor with serious eyebrows - DR. ROGOFF - is inspec the man's face.  The Warden enters with Captain Henderson GUARDS are standing by the door and at strategic spots in room.
84) 0) text: Johnny Mack walks down the row and enters Fred's cell.
85) 0) text: Johnny Mack looks around, up and down the walls, half pee under the cot, then - checking first to see no other guar watching him - he looks inside the toilet bowl, then gets down on his knees and really looks under the cot.  He get and sits down on the bed.  He rubs a hand over his face. Johnny Mack is clearly perplexed.
87) 0) text: Pete's parents, BILL and CLAIRE DAYTON, escorted by a PRI GUARD, are approaching the Warden's office.  It is a long walk along the corridor and the camera examines them in  detail as they get closer and closer to the office.  The  Daytons are a middle-aged, San Fernando Valley couple.  B Dayton is wearing a sport shirt with the short-sleeves ro up. His skin is leathery, tanned and his thinning hair is slicked back in a duck-tail.  He's working-class, ex-bike Claire Dayton was obviously a good looking "chick" who's to seed from too much sun, cigarettes and booze.  She ret the remnants of a good figure, but it's going fast.  Clai is wearing sunglasses.
88) 0) text: The Daytons are ushered in by the guard.  The Warden is  standing behind his desk.  Dr. Rogoff is standing to one  side, and next to him is Captain Henderson.  The Daytons  stand just inside the room for a moment before the Warden extends his right hand.
88) 35) text: Mel, let's get Peter in here. Dr. Rogoff leaves the room.  While he's gone, nobody talk increasing the tension.  Dr. Rogoff returns with Pete Day dressed in his own clothes: jeans, boots, sport shirt.   Pete's forehead is lumpy and his eyes are red and swollen He can walk, but unsteadily. Pete looks around the room - sees his parents. Claire jumps up.
88) 37) text: Pete... She and Dr. Rogoff help get Pete settled in a chair.  Bil taken aback at the sight of his son, but says nothing.
88) 53) text: From a medical standpoint, I don't see why not.
89) 0) text: Bill, Claire and Pete pull into the driveway of a bleache out, 60's ranch-style house on a street lined with many m of the same. Bill and Claire get out of the car first, then help Pete and up into the house.
90) 0) text: Bill and Claire take Pete to his room, which has a bed, d two chairs and a sea of disassembled motorcycle parts  belonging to a classic Indian motorbike which Pete is  rebuilding.  Each part is shiny and clean. Pete sits down on his bed and looks up at his parents - shaking his head with confusion and embarrassment.
92) 0) text: An unmarked police car pulls up across the street from th Dayton house.  In the front seat are the Detectives, Ed a Al. Al, who is on the passenger side, is holding two  styrofoam cups filled with coffee.  Ed removes from his  inside jacket pocket a 5" x 7" photo of Pete Dayton, whic props up on the dashboard so that it is visible for both  himself and Al.  Al hands one of the cups to Ed.
92) 1) dialog: Thanks, Al. Al studies Pete Dayton's face in the photo.
92) 3) dialog: Yeah. Ed and Al sip their coffee and stare at the house.
93) 0) text: Pete Dayton is lying on a chaise lounge.  His forehead is still swollen, but his eyes are less red.  He stares up i the sky - a hot breeze blows over him.
95) 0) text: Pete slowly moves up to a sitting position, then stands. stretches and walks around the yard feeling the dry,  unwatered lawn on his bare feet. He walks over and leans over the neighbor's fence.  His e fall on a plastic toy boat floating in b child's plastic swimming pool.  He watches the boat as the warm breeze bl it lazily in a circle. A small plane drones overhead. In the distance, a WOMAN finishes hanging out some wash a goes in the back door of her house.  The slamming of her  screen door sounds a thousand miles away. Pete continues to observe these seemingly peaceful  surroundings - but something doesn't feel right to him.
97) 0) text: Pete is stretched out on his bed watching television.  He hears the front door bell ring - footsteps, and a moment two later the door to his bedroom opens and three of his  friends, CARL, LANIE and STEVE ("V") saunter in.
97) 12) text: Hadn't slowed her down none.
97) 14) text: Shut up, bone-head. Then Lanie laughs good-naturedly.
98) 0) text: "V" drives a black, beat-up '66 Grand Prix.  Carl and Lan are in the back seat, and Pete rides shotgun.  The four o them., are cruising down Van Nuys Boulevard along with ma other MUSCLE CARS and LOW-RIDERS filled with KIDS looking action. "V's" car is making a hell of a noise.
99) 0) text: The bowling alley is divided into a game room area, a bar restaurant area and a bowling area. Pete and the group stroll into the bar and take a large  booth.  MUSIC is playing LOUD. A WAITRESS takes orders for drinks. Bowling pins clatter loudly in the distance. "V" takes one of Sheila's friends and dances with her. Sheila takes Pete by the arm and pulls him up to dance. music is fast, but they dance slow.
99) 4) text: What's happening to you?  What happened to your face?
100) 0) text: Ed and Al sit in their unmarked police car watching the  bowling alley entrance and "V's" car.
101) 0) text: Pete fires up his souped up Camaro and listens happily to engine purring.  He eases the big Camaro out of the drive and blasts off down the street.
104) 0) text: Ed and Al pull to a stop down the street from the garage. kills the engine and they stare at Arnie's.
106) 0) text: A large black Mercedes 600 Pullman pulls into the garage.
107) 0) text: The Mercedes pulls to a stop and MR. EDDY and TWO of his  ASSISTANTS climb out. Arnie waves to Mr. Eddy from the office.
108) 0) text: Ed and Al don't notice that Pete is in the big black  Mercedes, as it cruises past them.
109) 0) text: Mr. Eddy drives.  Pete is in the passenger seat up front, the two, stone-faced assistants ride in back.
109) 4) text: You guys are lookin' at him.  The man with the best god damn ears in town. When the car stops, Pete gets out, pops the hood and  disappears down by the engine. Mr. Eddy sits, smiling at Pete as he works. Pete pops up and gives Mr. Eddy the "thumbs up" and gets into the car.
110) 0) text: Mr. Eddy takes the big Pullman along the scenic Mulhollan Drive - cruising smoothly.  A silver-gray Infiniti is mov up fast behind the Mercedes.
111) 0) text: Mr. Eddy looks into his rearview mirror.
111) 3) text: This is where power and mechanical excellence pays off. Mr. Eddy jams the Pullman into the back of the Infiniti a pushes it faster and faster along Mulholland.  The Driver the Infiniti tries to brake and blue-gray smoke streams o from beneath the Infiniti with a scream of burning rubber At a turn, Mr. Eddy steers his massive Mercedes and the  Infiniti ahead on a gut-wrenching path off the road, up a mountain and into a little glade of trees.  Dust and brus fly everywhere. Mr. Eddy and his assistants leap from the Pullman and mak for the Driver's side of the Infiniti. Mr. Eddy throws open the Infiniti's door and pulls the  trembling and screaming Driver out like a rag doll. Mr. Eddy pulls out his .44 Ruger Blackhawk and pistol whi the Driver to the ground.  He smashes the butt of his gun across the man's face, tearing a gash which starts to gus with blood. Mr. Eddy's assistants each draw .45's and point them at t Driver. Mr. Eddy, red-faced with anger, leans close to the man.
112) 0) text: Mr. Eddy rotates his neck - shaking out some adrenaline  remnants.  Pete is visibly shaken by what he has seen.
112) 8) text: What'd I tell ya. Mr. Eddy smiles and they continue along their way.
113) 0) text: The Pullman pulls off the street into Arnie's.  Mr. Eddy his assistants stay in the car.  Pete opens his door.
114) 0) text: Ed and Al are staring at the Pullman.  They see Pete get They notice the man driving the Pullman.
114) 1) dialog: You recognize that guy?
115) 0) text: Pete walks out his front door with a lunch box and jumps the Camaro. He fires up the big engine and heads off for work. Ed and Al follow.
116) 0) text: Pete is on a skate - working under a car.  The radio is o and a tune comes on that begins to drive Pete crazy - it  gives him a headache.  The tune is one of Fred Madison's bop saxophone pieces.  Pete gets out from under the car a goes to the radio.  He changes the station.  PHIL, anothe mechanic working nearby, looks at Pete.
116) 5) text: Sure... Sure, Mr. Eddy.  You gonna pick it up later, or tomorrow?
117) 0) text: Pete is sitting perched unsteadily on the very edge of hi bed.  He HEARS a succession of highly-amplified SOUNDS at intervals with eerie stretches of silence: CRICKETS in  fractured cadence a distant TELEVISION - a FLY buzzing  slowly in the room a MOTH'S wings beating against light  bulbs in the ceiling fixture - the washing of DISHES. Pete's reaction to these sounds is one of petrified  confusion.  Underlying these sounds is a kind of unearthl steady DRONE. Pete gets up off the bed, unsteadily.  He moves toward hi bedroom door.  As he moves the amplified SOUNDS shift. He can hear laughter.  The laughter seems to be LOUD, but the same time coming from people who are trying to contai the laughter - to hide it. Pete opens his door and peers out. Pete's POV down the hall toward the living room - his mot and father have stopped laughing and are turned with guil smiles in his direction.  They are smoking a joint, passi it back and forth.  They are not looking directly at him. They seem to be looking, but not seeing. Pete's parents POV down the hall toward Pete's room.  The is no one there - just an empty hallway. Pete's parents continue to stare, but then turn away towa each other - they start to laugh quietly again. Pete's Pov - the hallway and the living room - there is n one in the living room. It's empty.
118) 0) text: Pete turns from the hallway and comes back in his room -  unsettled and confused. He can hear laughter coming from the living room.
119) 0) text: Ed is behind the wheel.  Al is in the passenger seat.  Ed looking at the Dayton house.  Al's head is bent, looking  down.  At first we hear nothing, then the sound of Al's p streaming into an empty coffee cup.  The camera stays on top of Al's head until he has completed the last few spur of his micturition.  Al's head comes up and he opens the  passenger side door and dumps the urine into the street. closes the door and zips up his trousers.
120) 0) text: Pete paces the room.  Finally he stops himself, throws on black leather jacket and opens his bedroom door.  He look down the hall.  No one is in the living room.  He walks o of the house.
121) 0) text: Ed and Al watch Pete get in his Camaro and drive off.  Th follow.
124) 0) text: Ed and Al are stopped a half a block behind Pete and Shei They're watching the couple as they make love in the fron seat of Pete's car.
125) 0) text: Pete and Sheila are naked in the front seat.  Sheila clin to Pete as they make love.  She's hopelessly in love with him.
126) 15) text: Can you give me the number for United Cab? She turns and looks at Pete while she's speaking, then  listening.
126) 19) text: Yes, I need a taxi at Arnie's Auto  Repair, the corner of Fifth and... Pete has walked over.  He takes the telephone out of her  hand.
126) 21) text: We won't be needing a cab, thanks anyway. He hangs up the phone.
128) 0) text: Ed and Al are watching Pete and Alice.  They watch Pete c out of the office and take Alice into one of the motel ro
128) 1) dialog: 'Fucker gets more pussy than a toilet seat. Al shakes his head with anger mixed with a lot of envy.
129) 0) text: Pete and Alice enter the room. There is a double bed, a  little desk, two bedside tables with lamps, a floor lamp, a bathroom.  They don't notice any of this. Just inside the room Alice takes Pete's hand and they tur each other.  Alice puts Pete's hand between her legs.  Sh moves up close to him and closes her eyes. They kiss tenderly at first - then hotter.
130) 0) text: Pete and Alice are naked on the double bed in just the gl of the motel's neon lights coming in between the window  curtains. They're up on their knees - right next to each other.  Th look in each other's eyes as their hands move and touch. Alice smiles with a wild, dreamy look in her eyes. Pete puts his hand between her legs and Alice kisses him a frenzy. They fall back on the bed.
131) 0) text: Pete and Alice make violent love on the bed.  Alice is  hungry.
132) 0) text: Alice and Pete are dressed.  Alice is still breathing har She moves up close to Pete by the motel room door.  Her h is shaking as she touches his cheek.
133) 0) text: Ed and Al watch Pete and Alice leave the motel room, get the car and drive off. Ed starts his car and he and Al follow them.
139) 0) text: Pete rides up the boulevard with the "Cruisers".  He spot "V's" car parked at "Tops". He pulls in beside "V's" car and shuts down the engine. usual crowd is at the drive-in, including Sheila. Pete goes up to "V" and Carl and says hello.  He lights a cigarette and leans up against a steel pole supporting th awning above.  "V" and Carl both notice that Pete is in a mood. Sheila is over with her girlfriends.  She hasn't seen Pet arrive. Suddenly Sheila looks over in Pete's direction.  She look like she's seeing something, yet not seeing anything.  Sh keeps looking - staring. Sheila's POV she sees "V", Carl and a lot of PEOPLE, but  Pete is not there. Pete looks at Sheila.  He's unsettled and confused by her staring, but not seeming to see him.  He watches her turn away and take one of her girlfriend's hands - leading her to dance to the LOUD music. Pete watches her dance.  Suddenly, he can't see her.  He  thinks maybe she may be dancing on the other side of the  building - out of view.  He moves to look and his head is struck by a violent pain.  He grabs his head with his han and leans forward.  "V" grabs his arm.
140) 0) text: Pete is making desperate love to Sheila in the same room the same bed, as with Alice.
140) 2) text: Pete... Pete... Pete keeps on - harder - obsessed. When he comes, he cras down on Sheila, who wraps her arms around him tight.  She doesn't know what is going on with him.  Her eyes are ope wide as she listens to his frantic breathing. She doesn't know what to say - or what questions to ask.
141) 0) text: Ed and Al are staring silently at the motel and the Harle parked out in front.
141) 2) dialog: His or ours?
144) 0) text: Pete is working on a car.  The Mercedes Pullman pulls int the shop.  Mr. Eddy gets out with his two assistants.  Th stay by the car while Mr. Eddy walks over to Pete. Mr. Ed smiles.
147) 0) text: Ed and Al are parked across the street - watching.
148) 0) text: Pete and Alice are sitting on the bed - dressed. A bedsid table lamp is on.
148) 31) text: I went to this place... They made me wait  forever.  There was some guy guardin' the  door... I started gettin' nervous... In  another room I could see some guy liftin'
148) 33) text: weights... Both these guys gave me the creeps... They never said anything to me... So I just smoked cigarettes and waited. We move in on a nervous EXHALE OF SMOKE to a CLOSE UP of  Alice waiting. We see a CLOSE UP of the man guarding the door. We see a CLOSE SHOT of the man bench pressing a lot of  weight. Suddenly, there are two knocks on the other side of the  closed door.  The Slickster moves off the door and opens crack.  He talks quietly to someone Alice can't see, then turns, opens the door and gestures for Alice to go throug Alice puts out her cigarette - her hand is shaking. She walks over past the Slickster and enters a much large room.  There are about FIFTEEN MEN in the room - all lean comfortably at different points on the walls.  There is o one chair in the room - Mr. Eddy is sitting in it. No one says anything to her, but one man nods his head an from this nod, Alice feels she should walk to the center the room.  She does, and she instinctively turns to the m sitting in the chair. They all just stare at her silently.  She looks around  nervously - her eyes return to Mr. Eddy's. Suddenly, a man steps quickly up to her - draws a pistol cocks it against her head. Alice goes weak in the knees.  Her eyes fill with fear. The men continue to stare. Mr. Eddy gives Alice a small gesture as if to say "well?" Somehow she knows what they want, even though they haven' asked for it with words. Alice starts to undress - slowly - in as sexy a way as sh knows how. The men just stare without expression. When she is completely naked, Mr. Eddy gestures her over him.  Soon she is on her knees in front of him - making  herself available for whatever he wants. Mr. Eddy's POV - Alice looks in his eyes.  She reaches he hand up to stroke his cheek...
154) 0) text: Pete sneaks through the kitchen and comes into the living room.  Pete stops short and stares.  A movie projector is running in the living room.  A porno film is being projec on a huge screen at the far end.  Alice is in the porno f A man is fucking her from behind - with LOUD SLAPPING SOU of flesh banging flesh.  Her face is in the foreground. eyes look out directly at Pete.  She is loving every minu of it.  Inside Pete, jealousy starts to rage out of contr He looks around.  He sees clothes scattered about.  He pi up a girl's sweater and smells it.  He looks up the stair Feet appear at the top of the stairs.  They start down. Pete runs for the bar. Along the way, he grabs a heavy, bronze figurine of a wel stacked woman off a rectangular glass-topped coffee table and ducks behind the bar. He can hear Andy approaching.  He can hear Andy gather tw glasses.  He can hear Alice being fucked harder in the po film.  He clenches his teeth with rage. Suddenly, Andy moves right in front of him.  They see eac other.  Andy's eyes widen - Pete leaps up, and thwacks th bronze figurine down on the top of Andy's head.  Andy fal The breasts of the figurine have made two bloody holes in forehead. Pete turns. Alice is coming quickly down the stairway - naked, except a pair of panties.  Lipstick is smeared around her mouth. She is carrying a half-filled pillowcase.  Her porno film playing on the wall  behind her. These images jump and spin in Pete's mind.  He moves  unsteadily toward her.
154) 3) text: Alice, I... Pete starts to tremble.  He drops the figurine.  He tries embrace her. There is a crashing noise behind him. Pete turns and sees Andy staggering, blood streaming from wound in his head, THEN CHARGING FULL SPEED AT PETE. Andy hits him hard, and Pete goes down.  When Pete hits t ground, he pushes Andy up and throws out his arms.  This, Andy's momentum, catapult Andy into the corner of the  rectangular glass-topped coffee table.  There is a sound hammer going through a bucket of eggs as the glass corner embeds about eight inches into Andy's forehead. CLOSE UP OF ANDY'S HEAD - impaled on the sharp corner of table, his chest area suspended, his legs and stomach  touching the floor.
154) 5) text: Wow! Pete pulls himself off the floor. Pete moves close to Alice, they drift to the glass coffee table, staring for a few moments at Andy's dead body. While Pete stares, unbelieving, at Andy - Alice hurriedly picks up her sweater and puts it on. On the sofa next to lay Andy's trousers.  She goes through the pockets, finds roll of cash bound by a rubber band.  Alice hands the rol Pete.
155) 0) text: Pete staggers toward the bathroom at the rear right of th hallway.  THE HALLWAY SUDDENLY BECOMES HAZY, DIFFERENT AN LONGER THAN IT APPEARED TO BE. Pete wanders down this "changed" hall.  On his left, he  identifies a door with the number 25 on it.  He pauses fo moment in front of it, then goes on until, on his right, comes to a door with the number 26 on it.  He enters thro this door. Inside is a WOMAN in front of a mirror with a MAN.  Her a are resting on a shelf under the mirror as the man takes from behind.  The man's face is blank, featureless, and i buried in the woman's back - we can't see it. Pete now sees that the woman is an extremely whorish vers of Alice - she's looking at Pete's reflection in the mirr He's looking at her reflection in the mirror.  Pete's hea pounding.
155) 5) text: Did you want to ask me "why"? Pete staggers out of the room. He closes the door.  The hallway has "changed" back to An hallway.  The doors no longer have numbers. Pete walks, unsteadily, back down the hall - faltering. starts down the stairs.
158) 0) text: Alice and Pete pull up into the driveway of a house at th end of a street at the edge of a desert.  Alice gets out a hot wind.  Pete stays in the car as she goes up to the  house. Pete's POV: He watches Alice ring the doorbell.  She wait in front of the door for a few moments, her hair blowing the wind. A HOUSEBOY opens the door.  Alice says something to him - Pete cannot bear anything that is said, even though his  driver's side window is down.  All he can hear is the hot wind blowing. The Houseboy moves out to where he can see Pete, waiting the car.  The Houseboy and Alice exchange information.  T Houseboy points out toward the desert.  Alice turns back the car. The Houseboy watches her.
160) 0) text: We see the clean moving POV illuminated by headlights.  W floating down an old two-lane highway through a desolate, desert landscape.
162) 0) text: Pete and Alice drive up to a ONE ROOM CABIN built on stil next to a dry lakebed.  They both get out and go up the  stairs to a porch where Alice knocks on the door.  There no answer. Alice opens the door, but there is NOBODY INSIDE.
163) 0) text: Fred pulls up onto the two-lane highway.  An old, rusted  roadsign is posted there.  It reads: "LOST HIGHWAY".
164) 0) text: Fred walks up to the registration desk, where a CLERK is  smiling at him in a half-baked way.
165) 0) text: The hallway is strangely similar to Pete's vision upstair Andy's.  Fred comes to the door numbered 25, looks at his which says "25" and unlocks the door and enters.
166) 0) text: Fred takes the revolver out of his shirt and puts it unde the pillow on the bed. He sits on the edge of the bed.  He takes a cigarette fro pack in his shirt pocket and lights it with a match from book of "Lost Highway Hotel" matches. Fred smokes the cigarette, listening to the wind blow.   Lightning cracks outside the window. Fred crushes the cigarette out in the ashtray on the beds table.  As the last of the blue smoke drifts away, Fred f back on the bed. Fred closes his eyes.
167) 0) text: The camera moves in on the door numbered 26.
168) 0) text: Renee is in bed with Mr. Eddy/Laurent.  He and Renee are  feverishly making love as the storm rages outside.
169) 0) text: A criminal investigation is under way.  Ed and Al are  present, among a fleet of LAW ENFORCEMENT PERSONNEL who a busy dusting for fingerprints and examining the murder si
169) 1) dialog: Hey, Al, look at this. Al walks over to where Ed is looking at the photo on the  wall.  Al looks at it.
169) 4) dialog: You know what I think?
169) 6) dialog: There's no such thing as a bad coincidence.
170) 0) text: Renee is sitting half dressed on the edge of the bed, pul on her stockings.  Mr. Eddy/Laurent is asleep next to her Renee stands up, finishes dressing, then leans down and  kisses her lover while he sleeps.  Renee leaves the room, closing the door as quietly as possible behind her. As the door CLICKS, Mr. Eddy/Laurent wakes up.  He sits u and gets a pack of cigarettes from the bedside table, sha one out, lights it with a book of "Lost Highway Hotel"  matches, and smokes it while seated on the edge of the be
171) 0) text: Fred, still fully dressed, is waking up, AS IF IN A TRANC the same attitude he had on the videotape.  He strains  upwards and looks eerily around the room.  He gets up and crosses slowly to a window.  He takes the edge of the win curtain and pulls it back. The view is of the gravel parking lot of the hotel. Fred's POV: He sees Renee, down below, walk over to a car get in and drive away. Fred walks back to his bed, picks up his revolver from un the pillow, crosses the room to the door and walks out.
172) 0) text: Fred crosses over to Room 26 and knocks softly on the doo
173) 0) text: Mr. Eddy/Laurent is standing - almost dressed, when he he the knock.
173) 4) text: You're coming with me. Fred puts the pistol up against Mr. Eddy/Laurent's head a marches him out of the room - past the camera's eye. The camera stays in the room and moves slowly toward the  window, through which we see Fred and Mr. Eddy/Laurent ap down below in the back lot. Still watching out the window, the camera sees Fred knock Eddy/Laurent over the head with the gun butt and put him the trunk of a car.  Fred slams the trunk lid and climbs the driver's side of what is obviously Mr. Eddy/Laurent's - the Mercedes 600 Pullman. As Fred drives away, a HAND appears in our window foregro The hand moves the window curtain further to one side.  T camera pulls back to reveal it as the hand of the Mystery Man.  The Mystery Man leans fully into the frame and watc Fred drive off down the Lost Highway as day breaks.
174) 0) text: Fred is driving along the road.  Suddenly he pulls the ca off the road and drives over the dirt and brush to a dese spot, stops and gets out. Fred opens the trunk. When he does ... Suddenly, Mr. Eddy/Laurent charges up and attacks Fred - knocking them both to the ground.  Mr. Eddy/Laurent tries strangle Fred, but Fred's anger is too great.  Fred tears loose and gets Mr. Eddy/Laurent in a hold bending his hea back.  Fred's hand reaches out behind him - feeling,  searching. A KNIFE appears. it comes into Fred's hand from another. Fred slices Mr. Eddy/Laurent's throat, and throws him dow Mr. Eddy/Laurent squirms on the ground - his hand grasped around his throat - trying to hold his neck together.  Bl is flowing rapidly through his fingers and over the front him as be turns and opens his mouth with a gurgling sound Fred stands, facing him, his pistol out now - pointing ri at Mr. Eddy/Laurent's forehead. CLOSE UP ON MR. EDDY/LAURENT - he lifts his head and star at Fred.  Blood is rushing out of him.
174) 2) text: What do you guys want? The camera pans around to Fred - we see that the Mystery is standing beside Fred, and it is the Mystery Man who is holding the gun, not Fred. The Mystery Man reaches into his pocket and pulls out a  little watchman TV.  He turns it on and hands it over to Eddy/Laurent, who manages to take it. Mr. Eddy/Laurent looks down at the small television scree Mr. Eddy/Laurent's POV: As he watches the TV screen, we m in until the screen fills the frame - as with the former  videotapes.  The full frame of the TV screen reveals -
175) 0) text: We see the movie screen on a wall in Andy's living room. Marian, Raquel and RENEE'S images are being projected on screen, simultaneously involved in pornographic acts with men. Watching this movie in Andy's living room are severa people in shadows behind the light of the projector.  Amo them we see RENEE and MR. EDDY/LAURENT standing next to A Mr. Eddy/Laurent and Renee are hot - kissing - his hand i under her skirt.  They are watching the porno film.  They watching murky images of sex turning to violence. In a CLOSE UP we see Renee and Mr. Eddy/Laurent in the  shadows looking out at the film, both half-smiling, stone aroused. The image on the Watchman changes now.
176) 0) text: On the Watchman TV screen Mr. Eddy/Laurent sees an image Fred and the Mystery Man staring at him.  The Mystery Man image speaks.
176) 2) text: Now you can hand it back to me. Mr. Eddy/Laurent sees the Mystery Man's image reach out a hand. Mr. Eddy/Laurent looks up.  The Mystery Man has his arm  outstretched just as it was on the video image.  Mr. Eddy Laurent hands the Watchman back, and locks eyes with the  Mystery Man.
176) 4) text: You and me, mister, we can really out- ugly the sumbitches, can't we? The mystery Man unloads the pistol into Mr. Eddy/Laurent, jerks and dies in the dust. The Mystery Man then leans close to Fred and whispers in ear. The camera moves in, past the Mystery Man to a CLOSE UP O FRED'S EYES as he listens. The camera cuts back wide to reveal Fred holding the gun. is standing alone - there is no Mystery Man.  Fred turns go back to the car.
177) 0) text: Fred drives up to his house in Mr. Eddy/Laurent's Mercede 600 Pullman and stops in front.  He gets out of the car, to the front door and RINGS THE DOORBELL.  There is a BEE
178) 0) text: As Fred finishes this sentence we see the cop car contain Ed and Al pull in to the curb just up the street from Fre and Renee's house.
179) 0) text: Fred turns and sees the cop car.  He jumps in his car, fi it up, and peels out.  The cops give chase.
180) 0) text: Fred is behind the wheel of his car.  Behind him are the  cops. CLOSE UP ON FRED'S FACE - through the front windshield. shot is wide enough to reveal the cop car in hot pursuit. Fred's face begins to change again, grotesquely contortin he races into the vortex.  His tormented SCREAM blends wi the howling SIREN of the police car gaining on him.