1) 0) text: in the blackness, a man, FRED, is sitting on a bed smokin cigarette. we see his back, but with each glow of the  cigarette ash, we see his face reflected in a mirror on t wall across from him.  In the darkness, there starts the  sound of a motor which draws curtains back across a large picture window just off screen.  As the curtain moves, ha light begins crawling across the room, and we see  everything clearly.  Fred is wearing a robe and pajamas, early morning. CLOSE UP ON FRED'S FACE IN THE MIRROR - Blank expression face somewhat obscured or distorted by smoke from the  cigarette. CLOSE UP 0N FRED'S ACTUAL FACE - Unshaven, haggard look, seem empty, glazed over.  Fred is 32 years old, with dark hair. THE DOORBELL RINGS.  Fred looks up, startled by the noise He looks at the digital clock: 5:30 a.m. FRED STANDS, goes to an INTERCOM on the wall next to the  mirror.  He pushes a button. A VOICE comes over the intercom.
2) 0) text: We can see Fred standing at the picture window, looking o
3) 0) text: Fred is dressed to go out: Black sport coat and slacks,  buttoned up white shirt.  He picks up a music case.  A wo comes into the room.  This is Fred's wife, RENEE, 30 year old, dark hair, dressed smartly, a drink in her hand.
3) 2) dialog: What are you going to do?
3) 4) dialog: Read?... Read what, Renee? Renee sits down on a couch and sips her drink.  Fred come over to her, kisses her on the neck, which makes her laug
3) 5) dialog: It's nice to know I can still make you laugh.
3) 7) dialog: That's why I married you.
5) 0) text: Fred is on the bandstand.  He takes a solo on his saxopho Fred plays hot, hard, neo-bop.  The BAND wails madly behi him.  The PATRONS explode onto the dance floor, making it wild scene.  Fred Is a lion now, roaring away on his teno driving everyone nuts.
6) 0) text: After the band quits to take a break, FEMALE FANS come on Fred, but he moves away, refusing their attentions.
7) 0) text: Fred dials a pay phone. 
9) 0) text: Fred's car pulls up in the driveway in front of his house Fred gets out, and goes into the house carrying his music case.
10) 0) text: Fred puts down his music case, goes to the bedroom, and s Renee sleeping soundly.
12) 0) text: Renee opens the manila envelope. She's noticeably nervous when she sees a videotape inside.  She stares at it. Fred enters, also wearing a bathrobe.  He sees Renee star at the videotape - before she hears him enter.  When she hear him, her eyes jerk away from the tape.
12) 1) dialog: What's that?
12) 3) dialog: Who's it from?
12) 5) dialog: Does it say anything on the tape?
12) 7) text: No, nothing. Fred walks over and picks up the tape.
12) 8) dialog: Well, let's see what's on it. Fred takes the tape to the VCR.  He inserts it into the machine, and turns it on.  Fred goes toward the couch.
12) 9) dialog: (to Renee)
12) 10) text: Come on. They sit on the couch in front of the television. The TV monitor: We begin on the TV, then the videotape fi the entire frame.  The videotape shows the front of THE  MADISON HOUSE, the camera panning slowly over it.  The  picture is accompanied by an eerie DRONING SOUND.  After camera pans back to the front door, the tape image turns Fred and Renee stare at the snow for a few moments.  Rene looks relieved.
12) 12) dialog: Maybe. We see a WIDE SHOT encompassing Fred, Renee, and the snow image on the TV.
13) 0) text: Renee is seated at the dining room table - coffee cup and grapefruit in front of her.  She is wearing glasses, read a book.  Fred enters, and sees Renee, who does not look u acknowledge him.  Fred goes into the kitchen, which is ju off the dining room.  He comes back into the dining room a cup of coffee, and sits down with it opposite Renee.  H lights up a cigarette, sips his coffee, and looks at her.
13) 1) dialog: Good book, huh?
13) 4) dialog: Same one you were reading the other night?
13) 6) dialog: When you didn't come to the club.
13) 8) dialog: I called, you know.
13) 10) dialog: From the club.  You didn't answer.
13) 12) dialog: You were asleep when I got home, yes. Renee goes back to her book.  Fred sips his coffee and  smokes.
13) 14) text: I told you you could wake me up if you wanted to. Renee looks up at him now, takes off her glasses, and sta at him. CLOSE UP OF FRED'S FACE - a disturbed expression. Renee seems about to say something more, but stops, puts glasses back on and resumes reading.
14) 0) text: Fred is in bed waiting for Renee.  He hears noises from t bathroom - bottles clinking, drawers opening and closing. Renee comes out wearing a robe, which she sheds just befo getting into bed.  Naked under the covers, she switches o her bedside lamp.  The only light in the room comes from outside, through the windows.  Fred moves closer to Renee puts his lips to her cheek, a hand on her breast.  She do not respond.  Fred pulls Renee to him, and kisses her  passionately.  Renee accedes to his demands, but does not participate willingly.  He makes love to her voraciously, her lack of passion disturbs him.  Fred can't stop, howev and when he comes she acts consolingly, stroking him  maternally while he calms down.  He climbs off of her and retreats to his side of the bed. CLOSE UP ON FRED'S EYES - which express his horror and  humiliation. They lie there in the dark silence for a while. Fred turns back toward Renee in the darkness.
14) 1) dialog: I had a dream about you last night...
14) 3) dialog: You were in the house... calling my name... but I couldn't find you.
15) 3) text: Fred?  Fred, where are you? The camera turns slowly back toward the hallway, and as i drifts it RISES UP following along the hall and turning  slowly into the bedroom.  Renee is lying below in the bed
15) 4) dialog: Then there you were... lying in bed...  but it wasn't you... It looked like  you... but it wasn't. The camera suddenly dives violently at Renee - into a TIG CLOSE UP.  Her face registers TOTAL FEAR.
16) 0) text: Fred is lying in bed with Renee, who is now backlit by he bedside lamp.  Fred looks at her shadowed face, but it's Renee's face.  It's a face Fred has never seen before.  F quickly turns and switches on his bedside lamp, and looks quickly back at Renee, whose face is now her own.
18) 0) text: Renee brings the videotape upstairs with the rest of the  mail.  She is a bit puzzled and unsettled.  She puts the down on a table.  She stares at it.  Fred comes in.
18) 1) dialog: You're up early.
18) 3) dialog: Who the hell owns that dog? Fred notices the tape and manila envelope on the table.
18) 4) dialog: What's that?  Another tape?
18) 7) dialog: Don't you want to watch it?
18) 9) dialog: Well, do you wanna watch it? Again, Renee seems to be nervous about what could be on t tape, but she hides this from Fred and walks toward the  couch.
18) 12) dialog: All right.
19) 0) text: Renee is on the telephone.  Fred is pacing, smoking, behi her.
19) 3) dialog: So?
20) 0) text: Two men in suits - the Detectives, ED and AL, are seated the couch, watching the last part of the second videotape The screen goes to snow and stays that way for several  moments, until Fred shuts it off.
20) 1) dialog: That's it.
22) 0) text: The Detectives enter the bedroom.  Fred and Renee follow.
22) 3) dialog: This is our bedroom.
22) 5) dialog: No... There is, I mean, I use it as a practice room... it's soundproofed.
22) 7) dialog: Yes, I thought my wife ...
22) 9) dialog: Tenor... Tenor saxophone.  Do you...
22) 15) dialog: I like to remember things my own way.
22) 17) dialog: How I remember them.  Not necessarily the way they happened.
22) 21) dialog: It kept going off for some reason.  False alarms.
23) 0) text: Fred's POV: He's watching Ed and Al with Renee who are  outside the house, walking around the property, checking  it out.
24) 5) dialog: Thanks, guys.
25) 0) text: Fred is on the bandstand, sweating, and honking his saxophone.  He handles the horn roughly, braying like a b as the CROWD gathered in front of the stage gyrates as on swept away in the madness of the moment.
27) 0) text: CLOSE UP OF        FRED as he plays, seemingly oblivious surroundings. His eyes open and shut as he clamps down on the horn.
29) 0) text: Fred is standing in the living room looking in the direct of the stairwell.  We HEAR someone's steps coming up the  stairs.  It's Renee, who eventually comes into view.  She holding another manila envelope.  She arrives at the top  step. She and Fred lock eyes. Fred takes the envelope, opens it, and pulls out a third  videotape. without saying anything, Fred takes the tape t the VCR.  He inserts it very carefully, slowly.  He hits  play, turns on the television and he and Renee sit down o the couch together and begin to watch with great  apprehension. Again we begin with a WIDE SHOT and then the TV monitor f the screen: We see the interior of the house at night.  T camera glides looking down from a high angle along the  hallway and into the bedroom, where Fred and Renee are  sleeping. Again, the DRONING SOUND plays throughout. in the bedroom where Fred and Renee are seen sleeping,  SUDDENLY, Fred, on the tape, slowly awakens as the camera holds on him.  He rises and turns unnaturally in the bed, if drawn up by his awareness of some strange presence in room.  He comes to a sitting position, his head straining upwards, looking in the direction of the camera.  At this point, the videotape image turns to snow.
30) 0) text: Fred and Renee are on the couch.  The TV remains on, show snow. Renee is very upset, crying.
30) 2) dialog: (equally horrified - frightened)
30) 3) text: I wish I knew. Fred reaches over and tentatively takes Renee's hand in h She trembles, allows him to touch her, but otherwise does respond.  Suddenly, she jumps with fright.
30) 5) dialog: What?
31) 0) text: The Detectives, with Fred and Renee are seated on chairs the couch.  The three videotapes in their manila envelope are stacked on a coffee table in the center.
31) 3) dialog: No, I don't remember anything. it looks like I... but... I don't remember.
31) 7) dialog: No, not to me. Al, Ed and Fred all look at Renee.
31) 12) dialog: Where would you feel safe?
31) 15) dialog: The first night ... Not the last two.
31) 17) dialog: (shrugs)
31) 20) dialog: I'll make sure the alarm is set from now on.
32) 0) text: A swinging party is in progress at Andy's house - the man whose face we saw at the Luna Lounge with Renee.  ANDY, 3 years old, a slick guy, is seen moving through the crowd, making small talk, kissing and being kissed.  The PEOPLE are wannabe players, the men mostly shady, gold-chain- wearing, slightly unsavory types; the women dressed  provocatively, big hair and skin-tight dresses.  Through  sliding glass doors we see nude and semi-nude people  cavorting in a swimming pool.  Everyone has a drink in hi her hand.  Renee finishes her drinkt and hands the empty glass to Fred who walks away with it.  Andy grabs Renee, dances with her.  They laugh and talk.  Renee appears to bit intoxicated. Fred, who appears less than thrilled with the carryings o makes his way to the open bar where he orders two drinks. When the drinks arrive he drains one of them completely, sets the empty glass down on the bar.  Then he swallows t other drink, too, and sets down the glass. A MYSTERY MAN, tall, well-dressed and groomed, older than Fred, approaches him.
32) 2) dialog: I don't think so.  Where was it that you think we've met?
32) 4) dialog: (surprised)
32) 7) dialog: (incredulous)
32) 10) dialog: That's absurd. The Mystery Man reaches into his coat pocket, takes out a cellular phone and holds it out to Fred.
32) 18) dialog: How did you do that? The Mystery Man points to the phone.
32) 20) text: Fred, mirthful at first, as if it is a party trick of som kind, suddenly turns serious - it's obvious he's thinking of the videotapes.  He speaks into the phone.
32) 21) dialog: (angrily)
32) 25) dialog: Who are you? The man laughs - identical laughs - both over the phone a
32) 30) dialog: Just a minute. He takes Renee by the arm and goes over to the host of th party, Andy.  He grabs Andy and points across the room to the Mystery Man, who is engaged in conversation with OTHE GUESTS.
32) 31) dialog: Andy, who is that guy?
32) 34) dialog: Dick Laurent?
32) 36) dialog: (remembering something)
32) 39) dialog: I don't.  I don't know him.
32) 43) dialog: Let's go home.
32) 45) dialog: Now!  We're leaving now! I didn't want to come here in the first place. Fred drags the reluctant Renee out of Andy's house.
33) 0) text: Fred is driving fast and recklessly.  Renee is drunk and smiling at him.
33) 1) dialog: How'd you meet that asshole, Andy, anyway? Renee stares out the front window - thinks back.
33) 3) dialog: What job?
33) 5) dialog: He's got some fucked up friends.
34) 0) text: Fred and Renee's car pulls up in front of their house.  F jumps out of the car.
34) 1) dialog: Stay in the car! Fred enters the house, careful to turn off the alarm firs
35) 0) text: There are only a couple of dim lights on, the house is mo dark.  Fred moves slowly and carefully through his house searching each room for a possible intruder. Fred's POV - moving creepily room by room through the dar house - past the telephone - down the hall to the bedroom There is NO ONE there. He goes back outside for Renee.
36) 1) dialog: I told you to stay in the car!
36) 3) dialog: I thought there might be somebody inside.
36) 5) dialog: No... of course not. They enter the house.
37) 0) text: Fred switches on more lights.
38) 0) text: Fred and Renee are preparing to go to bed. Renee goes the bathroom off the bedroom. Fred takes another look into the hallway.
39) 0) text: Fred walks down the hallway.
40) 0) text: Fred looks around the dark living room.  Then absentminde he begins to inspect objects.  He picks up an ashtray and studies it - lost in thought.
42) 0) text: Fred is staring at himself in a mirror.
43) 0) text: Renee comes in.  Fred is not there.  She goes to the door peeks down the hallway.
43) 2) text: Fred?  Fred, where are you?
45) 0) text: Renee's POV - down the hallway.  There is just darkness a the end of the hall.  It is EERIE.  After a moment, Fred  slowly walks out of the darkness toward Renee.  He walks of the shot and the camera remains on the rectangle of  darkness at the end of the hall.
46) 0) text: Footsteps can be heard on the stairs.  Fred's head appear the top of the stairway.  He comes up into the living roo carrying a manila envelope, like the ones previously  received.  His expression is strained.  He is alone.  Fre pulls a videotape out of the envelope and inserts it in t VCR, turns it on.  He sits on the couch and watches.  We from a WIDE SHOT to a FULL FRAME SHOT of the video. On the tape is the same nighttime interior of the house,  accompanied by the DRONING SOUND.  The camera moves eeril down the hall toward the bedroom, sliding at a high angle The camera turns slowly into the bedroom - looking down. BLOOD is splattered over the floor, bed, walls.  The came drifts.  THE DEAD BODY OF RENEE lies on the floor at the of the bed.  She is badly mutilated.  Fred is hovering ov her on the tape, ON HIS KNEES, A HORRIFIED, UNBELIEVING  EXPRESSION ON HIS FACE.  On the tape, Fred turns away fro Renee - his hands raised, dripping blood - her blood.  Hi movements are almost mechanical, constricted, as he strai strangely upwards seemingly against his will, as if feeli some enormous pressure.  He looks directly at the camera, face a ghastly grimace, contorted, just before the taped  image goes to snow.
47) 0) text: Fred, sitting in front of the TV, shudders as the tape en He sits trembling, attempts to speak, almost chokes, and  finally releases a tortured, warbly cry.
47) 1) dialog: Renee! Fred looks up as if seeing something, he starts to stand, -staggering, partially paralyzed.
47) 2) dialog: (Shouting)
48) 0) text: Fred's POV: A BIG FIST slams into Fred's face, knocking h back in a chair.  Ed and Al are standing in front of Fred
48) 2) dialog: I didn't kill her! Tell me I didn't kill her!
49) 0) text: Fred, his lips and eyes swollen, sits on a cot, dressed i jail clothes.  He studies his hands, which appear cripple He flexes the fingers, slowly, painfully.
52) 0) text: The camera is behind a female FOREMAN in the jury box.  T shot begins on her shoes and travels up her body as she stands.  Over her left shoulder we see Fred standing at t defense table. Over her right shoulder the JUDGE is seate
54) 0) text: Fred, in the custody of GUARDS, wearing handcuffs and leg irons, is being escorted to his cell.  He appears zombie- as the guards open the cell door, unlock and remove his  shackles, and lock him in.
57) 0) text: Fred sits on the edge of his bed, a tray of prison food s on the floor - uneaten.
58) 0) text: Fred lies awake on his cot   he stares at the ceiling.
60) 0) text: This is a small narrow yard, not the large exercise yard population.  This yard is for use by death row prisoners  only, to exercise in one hour each day, by himself.  Fred released into the area, which is more like a dog run.  Th Guards watch Fred as he walks slowly up and down the exer yard.
62) 0) text: Fred sits on the edge of his bed, listening as sound of  the prisoners builds.  He's shaking.
64) 0) text: Fred sits on his bed, listening fearfully.  The camera st on Fred as we HEAR:
66) 0) text: Fred sits frozen at the edge on his bed. A distant but LOUD ELECTRICAL HUM begins. Fred's head jerks upward to the light on his ceiling.  It dimmed to almost nothing. Fred sits in the humming darkness.
67) 0) text: The Guards release Fred into the yard for his exercise. first the sunlight is blinding, and Fred covers his eyes. moves along the wall, tentative, his fingers feeling the Fnally he slumps down on his haunches, back leaned  against the wall, eyes closed, letting the sun hit his fa soon, however, the sun passes behind a cloud and Fred is  bathed in shade.  Fred stands up, but is almost immediate hit by a searing pain in his head.  Fred holds his head w his hands, sinks down to his knees.  The Guard, who has b observing Fred from the doorway, comes over to him.
67) 2) dialog: My... My head.
67) 4) dialog: No, no.  I want to go in. The guard assists Fred back inside the building.
68) 0) text: Fred is on his cot, holding his head.  He is obviously in pain.  He gets up and staggers to the cell door.  Fred pu a CALL button next to the door to summon a guard.  The GU comes and speaks to Fred through a double mesh opening.
68) 2) dialog: The pain is getting worse.  I need more aspirin.
69) 0) text: Fred is brought in wearing handcuffs and leg irons, a GUA on either arm.  He is placed on a chair in the middle of room.  The guards stand one on each side of him.  A DOCTO enters.  He is in late-middle age, with serious eyebrows. Fred's head is hanging down, chin on chest.  The Doctor l Fred's head and we see dark circles under Fred's eyes; hi face is pale, teeth clenched, eyes tearing.  The Doctor t a light utensil from his pocket, and inspects each of Fre eyes.  He feels Fred's forehead.  After this, he allows  Fred's head to drop down again.  The Doctor takes Fred's  pulse.  He drops Fred's wrist.  He next takes Fred's bloo pressure.
69) 2) dialog: (strained whisper)
69) 3) text: I can't sleep. The Doctor goes over to a cabinet, unlocks a drawer, and  removes a large blue pill.  He fills a paper cup with wat from a dispenser, goes back to Fred and places the pill i Fred's mouth.  The Doctor tilts Fred's head up and pours water down his throat, some of it dribbling down the fron Fred's shirt.  The Doctor looks into Fred's mouth to make sure he swallowed the pill.
69) 5) text: Take him back to his cell. The guards lift Fred by his arms, and shuffle march him o of the infirmary.
70) 0) text: Fred awakens on his cot.  He turns and sits up in the  darkness.  A stream of light through the slot window  illumines Fred's head, the forehead of which is swollen a discolored.  He staggers up and shuffles over to the call button, which he leans on.  A few moments later, a GUARD  appears on the other side of the mesh.
70) 2) dialog: Aspirin... fly head.  I gotta have more aspirin.
70) 4) dialog: But my head... The guard looks at Fred through the window, and what he s disturbs him.  The guard makes a strange face.
71) 0) text: The guard walks away from Fred's door to the guard statio where another GUARD is sitting at a table, reading a  magazine.
72) 0) text: Fred is on the floor lying on back. The camera comes  slowly down at him from the ceiling, like a weight pressi on his head.  Fred's pain is demonstrably overwhelming hi now.  He moans and rolls from side to side in the dimness making grotesque, otherworldly sounds.  As the camera mov into a CLOSE UP, the last image of Fred's head shows the  discolored swelling has increased.  Fred looks up, sensin something.
75) 0) text: Fred is still curled on the floor, but spasms begin to ro his body.  He goes into convulsions, blood gushes from hi nostrils.  His head is badly swollen.  Fred vomits repeat and drags around in his mess.  Fred turns, straining upwa as we've seen him do before.  His face and head are hideo deformed. Fred brings his shaking, tortured hand to his forehead. pulls his hand down across his face squeezing it as it go As his hand passes over his face, Fred's features are rem leaving a blank, white mass with eye sockets. We move into the eye sockets and beyond.
77) 0) text: Fred's blank face begins to contort and take on the  appearance, feature by feature, of Pete Dayton. Fred Madison is becoming Pete Dayton.
79) 0) text: A GUARD is making his early morning rounds.  He stops at cell and looks in, making a mark with a pencil on a piece paper on a clipboard. when he comes to Fred's cell, he is about to make a check-mark, but looks in again and appear confused.  THE MAN INSIDE IS NOT FRED.
82) 0) text: The man from Fred's cell is just finishing being  fingerprinted. The doctor with serious eyebrows - DR. ROGOFF - is inspec the man's face.  The Warden enters with Captain Henderson GUARDS are standing by the door and at strategic spots in room.
84) 0) text: Johnny Mack walks down the row and enters Fred's cell.
116) 0) text: Pete is on a skate - working under a car.  The radio is o and a tune comes on that begins to drive Pete crazy - it  gives him a headache.  The tune is one of Fred Madison's bop saxophone pieces.  Pete gets out from under the car a goes to the radio.  He changes the station.  PHIL, anothe mechanic working nearby, looks at Pete.
162) 8) dialog: Hello. Fred turns toward the cabin and sees the Mystery Man now  standing in the doorway. Fred turns again to the car, but this time it's empty.  H looks back at the cabin and sees the Mystery Man still in doorway.
162) 10) dialog: Where's Alice?
163) 0) text: Fred pulls up onto the two-lane highway.  An old, rusted  roadsign is posted there.  It reads: "LOST HIGHWAY".
164) 0) text: Fred walks up to the registration desk, where a CLERK is  smiling at him in a half-baked way.
164) 2) dialog: I need a room.
165) 0) text: The hallway is strangely similar to Pete's vision upstair Andy's.  Fred comes to the door numbered 25, looks at his which says "25" and unlocks the door and enters.
166) 0) text: Fred takes the revolver out of his shirt and puts it unde the pillow on the bed. He sits on the edge of the bed.  He takes a cigarette fro pack in his shirt pocket and lights it with a match from book of "Lost Highway Hotel" matches. Fred smokes the cigarette, listening to the wind blow.   Lightning cracks outside the window. Fred crushes the cigarette out in the ashtray on the beds table.  As the last of the blue smoke drifts away, Fred f back on the bed. Fred closes his eyes.
171) 0) text: Fred, still fully dressed, is waking up, AS IF IN A TRANC the same attitude he had on the videotape.  He strains  upwards and looks eerily around the room.  He gets up and crosses slowly to a window.  He takes the edge of the win curtain and pulls it back. The view is of the gravel parking lot of the hotel. Fred's POV: He sees Renee, down below, walk over to a car get in and drive away. Fred walks back to his bed, picks up his revolver from un the pillow, crosses the room to the door and walks out.
172) 0) text: Fred crosses over to Room 26 and knocks softly on the doo
173) 3) dialog: (pointing the gun at him)
173) 4) text: You're coming with me. Fred puts the pistol up against Mr. Eddy/Laurent's head a marches him out of the room - past the camera's eye. The camera stays in the room and moves slowly toward the  window, through which we see Fred and Mr. Eddy/Laurent ap down below in the back lot. Still watching out the window, the camera sees Fred knock Eddy/Laurent over the head with the gun butt and put him the trunk of a car.  Fred slams the trunk lid and climbs the driver's side of what is obviously Mr. Eddy/Laurent's - the Mercedes 600 Pullman. As Fred drives away, a HAND appears in our window foregro The hand moves the window curtain further to one side.  T camera pulls back to reveal it as the hand of the Mystery Man.  The Mystery Man leans fully into the frame and watc Fred drive off down the Lost Highway as day breaks.
174) 0) text: Fred is driving along the road.  Suddenly he pulls the ca off the road and drives over the dirt and brush to a dese spot, stops and gets out. Fred opens the trunk. When he does ... Suddenly, Mr. Eddy/Laurent charges up and attacks Fred - knocking them both to the ground.  Mr. Eddy/Laurent tries strangle Fred, but Fred's anger is too great.  Fred tears loose and gets Mr. Eddy/Laurent in a hold bending his hea back.  Fred's hand reaches out behind him - feeling,  searching. A KNIFE appears. it comes into Fred's hand from another. Fred slices Mr. Eddy/Laurent's throat, and throws him dow Mr. Eddy/Laurent squirms on the ground - his hand grasped around his throat - trying to hold his neck together.  Bl is flowing rapidly through his fingers and over the front him as be turns and opens his mouth with a gurgling sound Fred stands, facing him, his pistol out now - pointing ri at Mr. Eddy/Laurent's forehead. CLOSE UP ON MR. EDDY/LAURENT - he lifts his head and star at Fred.  Blood is rushing out of him.
174) 2) text: What do you guys want? The camera pans around to Fred - we see that the Mystery is standing beside Fred, and it is the Mystery Man who is holding the gun, not Fred. The Mystery Man reaches into his pocket and pulls out a  little watchman TV.  He turns it on and hands it over to Eddy/Laurent, who manages to take it. Mr. Eddy/Laurent looks down at the small television scree Mr. Eddy/Laurent's POV: As he watches the TV screen, we m in until the screen fills the frame - as with the former  videotapes.  The full frame of the TV screen reveals -
176) 0) text: On the Watchman TV screen Mr. Eddy/Laurent sees an image Fred and the Mystery Man staring at him.  The Mystery Man image speaks.
176) 4) text: You and me, mister, we can really out- ugly the sumbitches, can't we? The mystery Man unloads the pistol into Mr. Eddy/Laurent, jerks and dies in the dust. The Mystery Man then leans close to Fred and whispers in ear. The camera moves in, past the Mystery Man to a CLOSE UP O FRED'S EYES as he listens. The camera cuts back wide to reveal Fred holding the gun. is standing alone - there is no Mystery Man.  Fred turns go back to the car.
177) 0) text: Fred drives up to his house in Mr. Eddy/Laurent's Mercede 600 Pullman and stops in front.  He gets out of the car, to the front door and RINGS THE DOORBELL.  There is a BEE
177) 1) dialog: (into intercom)
178) 0) text: As Fred finishes this sentence we see the cop car contain Ed and Al pull in to the curb just up the street from Fre and Renee's house.
179) 0) text: Fred turns and sees the cop car.  He jumps in his car, fi it up, and peels out.  The cops give chase.
180) 0) text: Fred is behind the wheel of his car.  Behind him are the  cops. CLOSE UP ON FRED'S FACE - through the front windshield. shot is wide enough to reveal the cop car in hot pursuit. Fred's face begins to change again, grotesquely contortin he races into the vortex.  His tormented SCREAM blends wi the howling SIREN of the police car gaining on him.