54) 0) text: Fred, in the custody of GUARDS, wearing handcuffs and leg irons, is being escorted to his cell.  He appears zombie- as the guards open the cell door, unlock and remove his  shackles, and lock him in.
54) 1) dialog: Make yourself to home, fella. The guards leave.  Fred stands near the cell door, begins look around at the four walls, the single cot, the wash  basin, and the toilet bowl without a seat.  He hears the  muffled, DISTORTED NOISES - VOICES from the surrounding  cells.  Lost voices - the voices of death row.  Fred  realizes where he is now.  He walks over to the cot and  slowly sinks down and sits on the edge.  Fred perched on cot in his cell resembles a man adrift on a tiny raft in middle of an ocean.
60) 0) text: This is a small narrow yard, not the large exercise yard population.  This yard is for use by death row prisoners  only, to exercise in one hour each day, by himself.  Fred released into the area, which is more like a dog run.  Th Guards watch Fred as he walks slowly up and down the exer yard.
63) 0) text: TWO GUARDS are standing at the guard station.
63) 2) text: Here he comes. Several of the men in suits, along with several GUARDS, a CLERGYMAN, a PRISONER in the middle of the group, enter t hallway.  They proceed past the guard station down the ha As the procession files by, DEATH ROW INMATES come to the doors and talk to the prisoner.
67) 0) text: The Guards release Fred into the yard for his exercise. first the sunlight is blinding, and Fred covers his eyes. moves along the wall, tentative, his fingers feeling the Fnally he slumps down on his haunches, back leaned  against the wall, eyes closed, letting the sun hit his fa soon, however, the sun passes behind a cloud and Fred is  bathed in shade.  Fred stands up, but is almost immediate hit by a searing pain in his head.  Fred holds his head w his hands, sinks down to his knees.  The Guard, who has b observing Fred from the doorway, comes over to him.
67) 1) dialog: Something wrong?
67) 3) dialog: Headache, huh?  Too much sun, I guess.   You want to come in?  Still got forty- five minutes outside if you want it.
68) 0) text: Fred is on his cot, holding his head.  He is obviously in pain.  He gets up and staggers to the cell door.  Fred pu a CALL button next to the door to summon a guard.  The GU comes and speaks to Fred through a double mesh opening.
68) 1) dialog: What's botbering you, Madison?
68) 3) dialog: I can't give you anymore.  I'll talk to the doctor. The guard leaves. Fred collapses to the floor of the cell writhing in pain.
69) 0) text: Fred is brought in wearing handcuffs and leg irons, a GUA on either arm.  He is placed on a chair in the middle of room.  The guards stand one on each side of him.  A DOCTO enters.  He is in late-middle age, with serious eyebrows. Fred's head is hanging down, chin on chest.  The Doctor l Fred's head and we see dark circles under Fred's eyes; hi face is pale, teeth clenched, eyes tearing.  The Doctor t a light utensil from his pocket, and inspects each of Fre eyes.  He feels Fred's forehead.  After this, he allows  Fred's head to drop down again.  The Doctor takes Fred's  pulse.  He drops Fred's wrist.  He next takes Fred's bloo pressure.
69) 5) text: Take him back to his cell. The guards lift Fred by his arms, and shuffle march him o of the infirmary.
70) 0) text: Fred awakens on his cot.  He turns and sits up in the  darkness.  A stream of light through the slot window  illumines Fred's head, the forehead of which is swollen a discolored.  He staggers up and shuffles over to the call button, which he leans on.  A few moments later, a GUARD  appears on the other side of the mesh.
70) 1) dialog: What is it?
70) 3) dialog: The doctor said not to give you anything. You can see him in the morning.
71) 0) text: The guard walks away from Fred's door to the guard statio where another GUARD is sitting at a table, reading a  magazine.
79) 0) text: A GUARD is making his early morning rounds.  He stops at cell and looks in, making a mark with a pencil on a piece paper on a clipboard. when he comes to Fred's cell, he is about to make a check-mark, but looks in again and appear confused.  THE MAN INSIDE IS NOT FRED.
79) 1) dialog: Who are you?  What are you doing in this cell? The MAN in the cell sits still on the cot, staring straig ahead.  The man is thin, younger than Fred.
80) 0) text: The guard hurries over to the guard station.  He picks up telephone and dials.  He begins to sweat.
80) 1) dialog: This is Johnny Mack at station 8. Yeah,  look, somethin' crazy's happened.  No, I  mean, Madison ain't in his cell.  No,  there's somebody in there, but it ain't  Madison! Right, right.  Okay... Captain  Henderson's comin''?... Right. Johnny Mack hangs up.  He sweats.  He walks back down the and looks in again at Fred's cell.
82) 0) text: The man from Fred's cell is just finishing being  fingerprinted. The doctor with serious eyebrows - DR. ROGOFF - is inspec the man's face.  The Warden enters with Captain Henderson GUARDS are standing by the door and at strategic spots in room.
87) 0) text: Pete's parents, BILL and CLAIRE DAYTON, escorted by a PRI GUARD, are approaching the Warden's office.  It is a long walk along the corridor and the camera examines them in  detail as they get closer and closer to the office.  The  Daytons are a middle-aged, San Fernando Valley couple.  B Dayton is wearing a sport shirt with the short-sleeves ro up. His skin is leathery, tanned and his thinning hair is slicked back in a duck-tail.  He's working-class, ex-bike Claire Dayton was obviously a good looking "chick" who's to seed from too much sun, cigarettes and booze.  She ret the remnants of a good figure, but it's going fast.  Clai is wearing sunglasses.
88) 0) text: The Daytons are ushered in by the guard.  The Warden is  standing behind his desk.  Dr. Rogoff is standing to one  side, and next to him is Captain Henderson.  The Daytons  stand just inside the room for a moment before the Warden extends his right hand.
148) 31) text: I went to this place... They made me wait  forever.  There was some guy guardin' the  door... I started gettin' nervous... In  another room I could see some guy liftin'
148) 33) text: weights... Both these guys gave me the creeps... They never said anything to me... So I just smoked cigarettes and waited. We move in on a nervous EXHALE OF SMOKE to a CLOSE UP of  Alice waiting. We see a CLOSE UP of the man guarding the door. We see a CLOSE SHOT of the man bench pressing a lot of  weight. Suddenly, there are two knocks on the other side of the  closed door.  The Slickster moves off the door and opens crack.  He talks quietly to someone Alice can't see, then turns, opens the door and gestures for Alice to go throug Alice puts out her cigarette - her hand is shaking. She walks over past the Slickster and enters a much large room.  There are about FIFTEEN MEN in the room - all lean comfortably at different points on the walls.  There is o one chair in the room - Mr. Eddy is sitting in it. No one says anything to her, but one man nods his head an from this nod, Alice feels she should walk to the center the room.  She does, and she instinctively turns to the m sitting in the chair. They all just stare at her silently.  She looks around  nervously - her eyes return to Mr. Eddy's. Suddenly, a man steps quickly up to her - draws a pistol cocks it against her head. Alice goes weak in the knees.  Her eyes fill with fear. The men continue to stare. Mr. Eddy gives Alice a small gesture as if to say "well?" Somehow she knows what they want, even though they haven' asked for it with words. Alice starts to undress - slowly - in as sexy a way as sh knows how. The men just stare without expression. When she is completely naked, Mr. Eddy gestures her over him.  Soon she is on her knees in front of him - making  herself available for whatever he wants. Mr. Eddy's POV - Alice looks in his eyes.  She reaches he hand up to stroke his cheek...