32) 0) text: A swinging party is in progress at Andy's house - the man whose face we saw at the Luna Lounge with Renee.  ANDY, 3 years old, a slick guy, is seen moving through the crowd, making small talk, kissing and being kissed.  The PEOPLE are wannabe players, the men mostly shady, gold-chain- wearing, slightly unsavory types; the women dressed  provocatively, big hair and skin-tight dresses.  Through  sliding glass doors we see nude and semi-nude people  cavorting in a swimming pool.  Everyone has a drink in hi her hand.  Renee finishes her drinkt and hands the empty glass to Fred who walks away with it.  Andy grabs Renee, dances with her.  They laugh and talk.  Renee appears to bit intoxicated. Fred, who appears less than thrilled with the carryings o makes his way to the open bar where he orders two drinks. When the drinks arrive he drains one of them completely, sets the empty glass down on the bar.  Then he swallows t other drink, too, and sets down the glass. A MYSTERY MAN, tall, well-dressed and groomed, older than Fred, approaches him.
32) 1) dialog: We've met before, haven't we?
32) 3) dialog: At your house.  Don't you remember?
32) 6) dialog: Of course.  In fact, I'm there right now.
32) 9) dialog: At your house.
32) 11) dialog: Call me. Fred snickers, like this is a bad joke.  The Mystery Man the phone into Fred's hand.
32) 12) dialog: 
32) 14) dialog: 
32) 17) dialog: I told you I was here. Fred, still holding the phone, stares at the man standing front of him.
32) 19) dialog: Ask me.
32) 24) dialog: You invited me.  It's not my habit to go where I'm not wanted. Fred looks at the man in front of him, but speaks again i the phone.
32) 27) dialog: Give me my phone back. The man in front of Fred reaches out his hand for the pho Fred hears the line go dead, and he slowly passes the pho back to the Mystery Man who takes it, folds it, and puts
32) 28) dialog: It's been a pleasure talking to you. The man walks away from Fred.  Renee appears and comes up
162) 9) dialog: Here I am. Fred is dizzy with fear and confusion. He pulls on his trousers and shoes and walks up the steps the cabin toward the Mystery Man, who goes inside.  Fred  stops in the doorway.  He looks around.
162) 11) dialog: Alice who? Fred looks around again but there is no one there except Mystery Man - standing in the center of the room.  Fred  stares at him.
162) 12) dialog: 
173) 4) text: You're coming with me. Fred puts the pistol up against Mr. Eddy/Laurent's head a marches him out of the room - past the camera's eye. The camera stays in the room and moves slowly toward the  window, through which we see Fred and Mr. Eddy/Laurent ap down below in the back lot. Still watching out the window, the camera sees Fred knock Eddy/Laurent over the head with the gun butt and put him the trunk of a car.  Fred slams the trunk lid and climbs the driver's side of what is obviously Mr. Eddy/Laurent's - the Mercedes 600 Pullman. As Fred drives away, a HAND appears in our window foregro The hand moves the window curtain further to one side.  T camera pulls back to reveal it as the hand of the Mystery Man.  The Mystery Man leans fully into the frame and watc Fred drive off down the Lost Highway as day breaks.
174) 2) text: What do you guys want? The camera pans around to Fred - we see that the Mystery is standing beside Fred, and it is the Mystery Man who is holding the gun, not Fred. The Mystery Man reaches into his pocket and pulls out a  little watchman TV.  He turns it on and hands it over to Eddy/Laurent, who manages to take it. Mr. Eddy/Laurent looks down at the small television scree Mr. Eddy/Laurent's POV: As he watches the TV screen, we m in until the screen fills the frame - as with the former  videotapes.  The full frame of the TV screen reveals -
176) 0) text: On the Watchman TV screen Mr. Eddy/Laurent sees an image Fred and the Mystery Man staring at him.  The Mystery Man image speaks.
176) 1) dialog: (on TV screen)
176) 2) text: Now you can hand it back to me. Mr. Eddy/Laurent sees the Mystery Man's image reach out a hand. Mr. Eddy/Laurent looks up.  The Mystery Man has his arm  outstretched just as it was on the video image.  Mr. Eddy Laurent hands the Watchman back, and locks eyes with the  Mystery Man.
176) 4) text: You and me, mister, we can really out- ugly the sumbitches, can't we? The mystery Man unloads the pistol into Mr. Eddy/Laurent, jerks and dies in the dust. The Mystery Man then leans close to Fred and whispers in ear. The camera moves in, past the Mystery Man to a CLOSE UP O FRED'S EYES as he listens. The camera cuts back wide to reveal Fred holding the gun. is standing alone - there is no Mystery Man.  Fred turns go back to the car.