53) 0) text: MARIAN and RAQUEL, two exquisite young women, are looking over the merchandise.
53) 2) dialog: How could I miss it?  The TV won't quit with that stuff.
53) 4) dialog: Andy's from Utah.  He says there you have  a choice... You can die by hanging or by  firing squad.
53) 6) dialog: Andy would go for this, don't you  think?... Firing squad, definitely.
53) 8) dialog: The heart, I guess.
53) 10) dialog: Oh, that's hot... So you'd rather be hung, huh? They both giggle at the obvious joke.
53) 12) dialog: You might be right, Raquel. Marian sticks a finger through the hole in the panties an wiggles it.  The girls giggle.  Raquel sees Andy walking the store.  He is sneaking up behind Marian, and motions a finger to his lips to Raquel not to say anything.  When Andy gets directly behind Marian, he puts his hands over eyes.
74) 0) text: Marian and Raquel are in the living room, attired in the  undergarments they purchased at the lingerie store.  HOT  MUSIC is BLARING from a stereo.  Marian and Raquel are  dancing, as sexy and wild as it is possible for them to b Andy is lying on his back on the rug, dressed only in  undershorts and socks, the girls stomping feet stepping  furiously around his head and body.  His eyes are closed first, but when he opens them, he sees their feet in a bl He tries to get up, but he is too strung out, and he  collapses again.  Marian and Raquel take him by his hands feet and begin pulling him around the room as they dance. Andy is blitzed, smiling moronically.  The girls' breasts tumble out of their teddies.  Raquel drops her end of And turns up the music even louder, and dances into a frenzy. Marian drops to her knees, Andy's feet on either side of shaking her shoulders and whipping her hair around.  Andy makes another attempt to sit up - he looks at Marian, rea for her but falls back, dead to the world.  Raquel and Ma don't quit.
175) 0) text: We see the movie screen on a wall in Andy's living room. Marian, Raquel and RENEE'S images are being projected on screen, simultaneously involved in pornographic acts with men. Watching this movie in Andy's living room are severa people in shadows behind the light of the projector.  Amo them we see RENEE and MR. EDDY/LAURENT standing next to A Mr. Eddy/Laurent and Renee are hot - kissing - his hand i under her skirt.  They are watching the porno film.  They watching murky images of sex turning to violence. In a CLOSE UP we see Renee and Mr. Eddy/Laurent in the  shadows looking out at the film, both half-smiling, stone aroused. The image on the Watchman changes now.