107) 0) text: The Mercedes pulls to a stop and MR. EDDY and TWO of his  ASSISTANTS climb out. Arnie waves to Mr. Eddy from the office.
107) 1) dialog: 
107) 3) dialog: What happened?  Somebody givin' you trouble?
107) 5) dialog: Because if anybody's givin' you trouble,  Pete, I can take care of the problem...  like that. (snaps his finger - loud)
107) 7) dialog: I mean it, Pete... Like THAT!! (snaps his finger - loud)
107) 9) dialog: I want you to ride with me.  Somethin' doesn't sound right.
107) 11) dialog: It's okay with Arnie... Come on, let's go.
109) 0) text: Mr. Eddy drives.  Pete is in the passenger seat up front, the two, stone-faced assistants ride in back.
109) 1) dialog: Now listen... It only happens when I'm  accelerating.  I think it's the  carburetors. Mr. Eddy pulls out after a light turns green and gives th car a stab forward.
109) 3) dialog: Best god damn ears in town. (to the guys in back)
109) 4) text: You guys are lookin' at him.  The man with the best god damn ears in town. When the car stops, Pete gets out, pops the hood and  disappears down by the engine. Mr. Eddy sits, smiling at Pete as he works. Pete pops up and gives Mr. Eddy the "thumbs up" and gets into the car.
109) 6) dialog: All right! Mr. Eddy carefully pulls out into traffic and accelerates when he gets the chance.
109) 7) dialog: Beautifull Smooth as shit from a duck's ass.  Let's take a ride.
110) 0) text: Mr. Eddy takes the big Pullman along the scenic Mulhollan Drive - cruising smoothly.  A silver-gray Infiniti is mov up fast behind the Mercedes.
111) 0) text: Mr. Eddy looks into his rearview mirror.
111) 1) dialog: Oh, shit... Is that what I think it is? Pete turns and looks back.  A car is TAILGATING them, the silver-gray Infiniti.  The two assistants in the backseat turn nonchalantly to take a look - then they return their look to Mr. Eddy. Mr. Eddy starts to take a slow burn - keeps looking at th Infiniti in the rearview mirror. The assistants look to one another take a deep breath. Mr. Eddy slows slightly and then keeps the Pullman steady 32 m.p.h. The Infiniti moves up ten feet behind the Pullm and blows its horn. Mr. Eddy rolls down his window. The assistants are paying close attention - they buckle t seatbelts. Pete notices a tension in the car.  He watches Mr. Eddy's face. Mr. Eddy pulls slightly to the right of the road, pastes polite, courteous smile on his face, puts his left arm ou the window and waves the Infiniti by. The Infiniti jets forward and swerves around the Pullman. When the cars are side by side, the irate DRIVER in the  Infiniti gives Mr. Eddy "the bird" and flies past. CLOSE ON MR. EDDY'S RIGHT FOOT as it slams down on the ga pedal. The Pullman catapults forward toward the Infiniti. Pete is thrown back - he grabs on to the door handle and seat for support. The Pullman gains on the Infiniti in a flash.  The Infini tries to go faster, but Mr. Eddy's Pullman has much more  power.
111) 2) dialog: (clenched teeth)
111) 3) text: This is where power and mechanical excellence pays off. Mr. Eddy jams the Pullman into the back of the Infiniti a pushes it faster and faster along Mulholland.  The Driver the Infiniti tries to brake and blue-gray smoke streams o from beneath the Infiniti with a scream of burning rubber At a turn, Mr. Eddy steers his massive Mercedes and the  Infiniti ahead on a gut-wrenching path off the road, up a mountain and into a little glade of trees.  Dust and brus fly everywhere. Mr. Eddy and his assistants leap from the Pullman and mak for the Driver's side of the Infiniti. Mr. Eddy throws open the Infiniti's door and pulls the  trembling and screaming Driver out like a rag doll. Mr. Eddy pulls out his .44 Ruger Blackhawk and pistol whi the Driver to the ground.  He smashes the butt of his gun across the man's face, tearing a gash which starts to gus with blood. Mr. Eddy's assistants each draw .45's and point them at t Driver. Mr. Eddy, red-faced with anger, leans close to the man.
111) 4) dialog: 
111) 6) dialog: 
111) 11) dialog: 
111) 14) dialog: 
111) 18) dialog: 
111) 33) dialog: (kicking the man)
112) 0) text: Mr. Eddy rotates his neck - shaking out some adrenaline  remnants.  Pete is visibly shaken by what he has seen.
112) 1) dialog: Sorry about that, Pete, but tailgating is one thing I can't tolerate.
112) 3) dialog: I'll bet you know how many car lengths it takes to stop at... say 45 m.p.h.
112) 5) dialog: At sixty?
112) 7) dialog: (to his companions in the  reariew)
112) 8) text: What'd I tell ya. Mr. Eddy smiles and they continue along their way.
113) 0) text: The Pullman pulls off the street into Arnie's.  Mr. Eddy his assistants stay in the car.  Pete opens his door.
113) 1) dialog: Wait a minute ... Mr. Eddy takes out a couple of one hundred dollar bills a puts them into Pete's hand.
113) 3) dialog: No... Thank you!... I'll be bringin' the "Caddy" by tomorrow. Mr. Eddy reaches into the glove compartment and takes out videotape.  He holds it out to Pete.
113) 4) dialog: You like pornos?
113) 6) dialog: Yeah.  Give ya a boner.
113) 8) dialog: Suit yourself, champ.
113) 10) dialog: You will.
116) 3) dialog: I'm leavin' the Caddy, like I told you.  Think you'll get a chance to give her a  once over today?
116) 5) text: Sure... Sure, Mr. Eddy.  You gonna pick it up later, or tomorrow?
116) 6) dialog: If you think you can finish it, I'll be back later today.
116) 8) dialog: You're my man, Pete. Mr Eddy pinches Pete's cheek - which Pete doesn't like, b aliows.  Mr. Eddy gives Pete a big smile then turns, goes back to his car, escorts the beautiful girl outside where Pullman is waiting. Pete watches her walk and move.  He watches her until Mr. Eddy drives her away.  She steals one last glance back at Pete before she disappears. When she is gone, Pete replays the scene of seeing this  beautiful girl over again in his mind.  The scene is  accompanied by Lou Reed's version of "This Magic Moment".
144) 0) text: Pete is working on a car.  The Mercedes Pullman pulls int the shop.  Mr. Eddy gets out with his two assistants.  Th stay by the car while Mr. Eddy walks over to Pete. Mr. Ed smiles.
144) 1) dialog: How ya doin', Pete?
144) 3) dialog: I'm sure you noticed that girl that was  with me the other day... Good lookin'  blonde?  She stayed in the car?... Pete just stares at Mr. Eddy.  His heart begins to race.
144) 4) dialog: Her name is Alice.  You know I love that  girl to death. If I ever found out  somebody was makin' out with her, I'd  take this ... (he opens his coat and pulls  out his .44 Ruger Blackhawk  and holds it up in front of  Pete's face)
144) 8) dialog: I'd pull the trigger and shoot him right between the eyes. Abruptly, Mr. Eddy becomes cool - he holsters his pistol smiles at Pete.
144) 9) dialog: So, Pete, you're lookin, better.  What have you been up to? CLOSE UP ON PETE'S FACE - staring at Mr. Eddy.
148) 33) text: weights... Both these guys gave me the creeps... They never said anything to me... So I just smoked cigarettes and waited. We move in on a nervous EXHALE OF SMOKE to a CLOSE UP of  Alice waiting. We see a CLOSE UP of the man guarding the door. We see a CLOSE SHOT of the man bench pressing a lot of  weight. Suddenly, there are two knocks on the other side of the  closed door.  The Slickster moves off the door and opens crack.  He talks quietly to someone Alice can't see, then turns, opens the door and gestures for Alice to go throug Alice puts out her cigarette - her hand is shaking. She walks over past the Slickster and enters a much large room.  There are about FIFTEEN MEN in the room - all lean comfortably at different points on the walls.  There is o one chair in the room - Mr. Eddy is sitting in it. No one says anything to her, but one man nods his head an from this nod, Alice feels she should walk to the center the room.  She does, and she instinctively turns to the m sitting in the chair. They all just stare at her silently.  She looks around  nervously - her eyes return to Mr. Eddy's. Suddenly, a man steps quickly up to her - draws a pistol cocks it against her head. Alice goes weak in the knees.  Her eyes fill with fear. The men continue to stare. Mr. Eddy gives Alice a small gesture as if to say "well?" Somehow she knows what they want, even though they haven' asked for it with words. Alice starts to undress - slowly - in as sexy a way as sh knows how. The men just stare without expression. When she is completely naked, Mr. Eddy gestures her over him.  Soon she is on her knees in front of him - making  herself available for whatever he wants. Mr. Eddy's POV - Alice looks in his eyes.  She reaches he hand up to stroke his cheek...
150) 35) dialog: (phone voice)
150) 38) dialog: You know who it is. Bill and Claire have stopped in the living room - watchin Pete.  Pete is going crazy with Mr. Eddy on one end, and parents staring at him on the other.  He waves his parent away, but they leave slowly and reluctantly.
150) 40) dialog: Yeah... How ya doin', Pete?
150) 42) dialog: You're doin, okay?  That's good, Pete.
150) 44) dialog: I'm really glad you're doin' okay, Pete. Pete doesn't know what to say.
150) 45) dialog: You sure you're doin' okay? Everything all right?
150) 47) dialog: That's good, Pete.  Hey... I want you to talk to a friend of mine. Pete can hear the phone being handed over to someone.  Th is a long silence.  Pete can hear breathing.
150) 57) dialog: Pete... I just wanted to jump on and tell you I'm really glad you're doin' okay. The phone goes dead and Pete sits - fearfully pondering h fate.  He hears a NOISE and turns. Down at the far end of the hall he sees his parents stari at him. CLOSE UP ON PARENTS staring in the direction of the livin room as if sensing something, but not seeing. PARENTS POV - The hall and living room beyond.  There is one there.
168) 0) text: Renee is in bed with Mr. Eddy/Laurent.  He and Renee are  feverishly making love as the storm rages outside.
170) 0) text: Renee is sitting half dressed on the edge of the bed, pul on her stockings.  Mr. Eddy/Laurent is asleep next to her Renee stands up, finishes dressing, then leans down and  kisses her lover while he sleeps.  Renee leaves the room, closing the door as quietly as possible behind her. As the door CLICKS, Mr. Eddy/Laurent wakes up.  He sits u and gets a pack of cigarettes from the bedside table, sha one out, lights it with a book of "Lost Highway Hotel"  matches, and smokes it while seated on the edge of the be
173) 0) text: Mr. Eddy/Laurent is standing - almost dressed, when he he the knock.
173) 1) dialog: Renee? He goes to the door and opens it a crack. As the door opens, Fred smashes the gun into Mr. Eddy/  Laurent's face and pushes his way inside the room. Fred hits Mr. Eddy/Laurent viciously again with the gun  barrel. Mr. Eddy/Laurent is bleeding profusely from gashes on his forehead and nose.
173) 2) dialog: What the fuck? What's going on?
173) 4) text: You're coming with me. Fred puts the pistol up against Mr. Eddy/Laurent's head a marches him out of the room - past the camera's eye. The camera stays in the room and moves slowly toward the  window, through which we see Fred and Mr. Eddy/Laurent ap down below in the back lot. Still watching out the window, the camera sees Fred knock Eddy/Laurent over the head with the gun butt and put him the trunk of a car.  Fred slams the trunk lid and climbs the driver's side of what is obviously Mr. Eddy/Laurent's - the Mercedes 600 Pullman. As Fred drives away, a HAND appears in our window foregro The hand moves the window curtain further to one side.  T camera pulls back to reveal it as the hand of the Mystery Man.  The Mystery Man leans fully into the frame and watc Fred drive off down the Lost Highway as day breaks.
174) 0) text: Fred is driving along the road.  Suddenly he pulls the ca off the road and drives over the dirt and brush to a dese spot, stops and gets out. Fred opens the trunk. When he does ... Suddenly, Mr. Eddy/Laurent charges up and attacks Fred - knocking them both to the ground.  Mr. Eddy/Laurent tries strangle Fred, but Fred's anger is too great.  Fred tears loose and gets Mr. Eddy/Laurent in a hold bending his hea back.  Fred's hand reaches out behind him - feeling,  searching. A KNIFE appears. it comes into Fred's hand from another. Fred slices Mr. Eddy/Laurent's throat, and throws him dow Mr. Eddy/Laurent squirms on the ground - his hand grasped around his throat - trying to hold his neck together.  Bl is flowing rapidly through his fingers and over the front him as be turns and opens his mouth with a gurgling sound Fred stands, facing him, his pistol out now - pointing ri at Mr. Eddy/Laurent's forehead. CLOSE UP ON MR. EDDY/LAURENT - he lifts his head and star at Fred.  Blood is rushing out of him.
174) 1) dialog: (wet and jagged)
174) 2) text: What do you guys want? The camera pans around to Fred - we see that the Mystery is standing beside Fred, and it is the Mystery Man who is holding the gun, not Fred. The Mystery Man reaches into his pocket and pulls out a  little watchman TV.  He turns it on and hands it over to Eddy/Laurent, who manages to take it. Mr. Eddy/Laurent looks down at the small television scree Mr. Eddy/Laurent's POV: As he watches the TV screen, we m in until the screen fills the frame - as with the former  videotapes.  The full frame of the TV screen reveals -
175) 0) text: We see the movie screen on a wall in Andy's living room. Marian, Raquel and RENEE'S images are being projected on screen, simultaneously involved in pornographic acts with men. Watching this movie in Andy's living room are severa people in shadows behind the light of the projector.  Amo them we see RENEE and MR. EDDY/LAURENT standing next to A Mr. Eddy/Laurent and Renee are hot - kissing - his hand i under her skirt.  They are watching the porno film.  They watching murky images of sex turning to violence. In a CLOSE UP we see Renee and Mr. Eddy/Laurent in the  shadows looking out at the film, both half-smiling, stone aroused. The image on the Watchman changes now.
176) 0) text: On the Watchman TV screen Mr. Eddy/Laurent sees an image Fred and the Mystery Man staring at him.  The Mystery Man image speaks.
176) 2) text: Now you can hand it back to me. Mr. Eddy/Laurent sees the Mystery Man's image reach out a hand. Mr. Eddy/Laurent looks up.  The Mystery Man has his arm  outstretched just as it was on the video image.  Mr. Eddy Laurent hands the Watchman back, and locks eyes with the  Mystery Man.
176) 3) dialog: (wet and jagged)
176) 4) text: You and me, mister, we can really out- ugly the sumbitches, can't we? The mystery Man unloads the pistol into Mr. Eddy/Laurent, jerks and dies in the dust. The Mystery Man then leans close to Fred and whispers in ear. The camera moves in, past the Mystery Man to a CLOSE UP O FRED'S EYES as he listens. The camera cuts back wide to reveal Fred holding the gun. is standing alone - there is no Mystery Man.  Fred turns go back to the car.
177) 0) text: Fred drives up to his house in Mr. Eddy/Laurent's Mercede 600 Pullman and stops in front.  He gets out of the car, to the front door and RINGS THE DOORBELL.  There is a BEE