76) 0) text: We see a clean moving POV illuminated by headlights.  We floating down an old two-lane highway through a desolate, desert landscape.  This gliding, eerie POV continues unti headlights illuminate a figure standing at the side of th road.  This figure is a man, PETE DAYTON.  Pete turns,  unsettled, as he looks directly at us as we move closer t him.  The ghost image of a house appears behind Pete.  Th is a girl, SHEILA, standing on the lawn in front of the  house.  She is afraid and is trying to communicate with P Pete doesn't seem to hear her and continues to stare dire at us.  Now Pete seems to move toward us as we move towar him.  His head fills the screen.
77) 0) text: Fred's blank face begins to contort and take on the  appearance, feature by feature, of Pete Dayton. Fred Madison is becoming Pete Dayton.
87) 0) text: Pete's parents, BILL and CLAIRE DAYTON, escorted by a PRI GUARD, are approaching the Warden's office.  It is a long walk along the corridor and the camera examines them in  detail as they get closer and closer to the office.  The  Daytons are a middle-aged, San Fernando Valley couple.  B Dayton is wearing a sport shirt with the short-sleeves ro up. His skin is leathery, tanned and his thinning hair is slicked back in a duck-tail.  He's working-class, ex-bike Claire Dayton was obviously a good looking "chick" who's to seed from too much sun, cigarettes and booze.  She ret the remnants of a good figure, but it's going fast.  Clai is wearing sunglasses.
88) 12) text: Same as always.  Pete takes care of himself. Bill and Claire look at each other once again.
88) 35) text: Mel, let's get Peter in here. Dr. Rogoff leaves the room.  While he's gone, nobody talk increasing the tension.  Dr. Rogoff returns with Pete Day dressed in his own clothes: jeans, boots, sport shirt.   Pete's forehead is lumpy and his eyes are red and swollen He can walk, but unsteadily. Pete looks around the room - sees his parents. Claire jumps up.
88) 37) text: Pete... She and Dr. Rogoff help get Pete settled in a chair.  Bil taken aback at the sight of his son, but says nothing.
88) 41) dialog: (afraid - quiet)
88) 44) dialog: My head hurts. Pete rubs his head like it's about to explode with pain.
88) 46) dialog: I... I don't know.
88) 48) dialog: (straining)
88) 49) text: No. There is a silence in the room, as Pete massages his  throbbing temples.
89) 0) text: Bill, Claire and Pete pull into the driveway of a bleache out, 60's ranch-style house on a street lined with many m of the same. Bill and Claire get out of the car first, then help Pete and up into the house.
90) 0) text: Bill and Claire take Pete to his room, which has a bed, d two chairs and a sea of disassembled motorcycle parts  belonging to a classic Indian motorbike which Pete is  rebuilding.  Each part is shiny and clean. Pete sits down on his bed and looks up at his parents - shaking his head with confusion and embarrassment.
90) 3) dialog: No... I don't feel so good.  I would  like some aspirin.
91) 0) text: Pete sleeps. In the living room, Bill is drinking a beer and watching  television. In the kitchen, Claire is finishing the dishes.  She goes into the living room and leans down and whispers somethin Bill's ear.  Bill nods and Claire walks quietly down the  hallway and opens Pete's door. She looks in on him sleeping.  
92) 0) text: An unmarked police car pulls up across the street from th Dayton house.  In the front seat are the Detectives, Ed a Al. Al, who is on the passenger side, is holding two  styrofoam cups filled with coffee.  Ed removes from his  inside jacket pocket a 5" x 7" photo of Pete Dayton, whic props up on the dashboard so that it is visible for both  himself and Al.  Al hands one of the cups to Ed.
93) 0) text: Pete Dayton is lying on a chaise lounge.  His forehead is still swollen, but his eyes are less red.  He stares up i the sky - a hot breeze blows over him.
95) 0) text: Pete slowly moves up to a sitting position, then stands. stretches and walks around the yard feeling the dry,  unwatered lawn on his bare feet. He walks over and leans over the neighbor's fence.  His e fall on a plastic toy boat floating in b child's plastic swimming pool.  He watches the boat as the warm breeze bl it lazily in a circle. A small plane drones overhead. In the distance, a WOMAN finishes hanging out some wash a goes in the back door of her house.  The slamming of her  screen door sounds a thousand miles away. Pete continues to observe these seemingly peaceful  surroundings - but something doesn't feel right to him.
96) 0) text: Pete is eating a sandwich - he is looking much better. Claire opens a bag of chips and sets them in front of Pet Bill comes in the front door.
96) 8) dialog: (unsure - brow furrowed)
96) 11) dialog: Okay.  Thanks.
96) 13) dialog: Yeah.
96) 15) dialog: What night is that?
96) 18) dialog: No... I don't.  Why? Bill and Claire just stare at him.  Pete shakes his head takes another bite of his sandwich - but inside the worri feeling returns.
97) 0) text: Pete is stretched out on his bed watching television.  He hears the front door bell ring - footsteps, and a moment two later the door to his bedroom opens and three of his  friends, CARL, LANIE and STEVE ("V") saunter in.
97) 2) dialog: Hey.
97) 5) dialog: Just haven't been feelin' well.
97) 7) dialog: I don't think so.
97) 9) dialog: Where to?  Hey, Lanie, I heard you were out of it for a while, too.
97) 16) dialog: Sheila'll be at "Tops".
97) 18) dialog: Okay. Pete hauls himself up off the bed and throws on a black leather jacket. The four of them go through the living room where Bill an Claire are drinking and watching TV.
97) 19) dialog: (to Bill and Claire)
98) 0) text: "V" drives a black, beat-up '66 Grand Prix.  Carl and Lan are in the back seat, and Pete rides shotgun.  The four o them., are cruising down Van Nuys Boulevard along with ma other MUSCLE CARS and LOW-RIDERS filled with KIDS looking action. "V's" car is making a hell of a noise.
98) 1) dialog: I hate ridin' in this fuckin' car.
98) 6) dialog: This rod is a fuckin, embarrassment, Carl.  Whatiya burn in this thing, "V"?
98) 8) dialog: Listen.
98) 13) dialog: No, I'm okay. "V" walks off with the others to the "take out" window. Sheila leans in closer to Pete.
98) 15) dialog: Yeah?...
98) 18) dialog: Nothin'.
98) 20) dialog: Guess we're goin' over to the "Ten Pin".
98) 22) dialog: Sure. "V", Carl and Lanie return with burgers and drinks.  "V's got a mouthful of burger.
98) 25) dialog: They're comin' with us.
98) 27) text: Pile in. Sheila and her girlfriends jump in the car with "V", Carl Lanie and Pete.  "V" fires up the rough-running engine an pulls out - leaving behind a cloud of smoke.
99) 0) text: The bowling alley is divided into a game room area, a bar restaurant area and a bowling area. Pete and the group stroll into the bar and take a large  booth.  MUSIC is playing LOUD. A WAITRESS takes orders for drinks. Bowling pins clatter loudly in the distance. "V" takes one of Sheila's friends and dances with her. Sheila takes Pete by the arm and pulls him up to dance. music is fast, but they dance slow.
99) 2) dialog: Sorry... I... Sheila looks around and moves closer to Pete.  She whispe urgently, worried.
99) 5) dialog: I don't know.
99) 8) dialog: What night?
99) 10) dialog: I don't remember... What happened that night?
99) 12) dialog: Whatiya mean?
99) 14) dialog: Who else could I be7 Sheila stares seriously at Pete, but then laughs too.
99) 17) dialog: Sure.  Sure I do. Sheila pushes her mouth on Pete's and they kiss., Pete br away - looks at Sheila - serious.
99) 18) dialog: What else about that night?... Did anything happen?
99) 20) dialog: No... I told you.
99) 22) dialog: Whatiya mean, Sheila?
99) 24) dialog: Sheila?!
101) 0) text: Pete fires up his souped up Camaro and listens happily to engine purring.  He eases the big Camaro out of the drive and blasts off down the street.
102) 0) text: Pete cruises into his parking place and cuts the engine. ARNIE comes rushing toward him, sporting a big smile.
102) 2) dialog: (climbing out of the Camaro)
103) 0) text: Other MECHANICS give Pete the "hi" sign and yell their  greetings over the din.  Arnie pulls Pete closer and shou
103) 2) dialog: Sure.
103) 4) dialog: Sure, Arnie.  Bring 'em on, I'm ready. Pete walks over to a Ford Station wagon and pops the hood happy MR. SMITH comes out of the office to join Pete at h car.
105) 0) text: Pete is leaning down into the engine well of a Chevy Capr working hard for Mrs. Trueworthy. Arnie's Garage is busy.
107) 2) dialog: Pete comes up out of the well and turns.  When he sees Mr Eddy, he heads across ihe garage to greet him.  Mr. Eddy  opens his arms wide and embraces Pete.  When he pulls awa he sees Pete's face.
107) 4) dialog: No, it's nothin'... I'm all right.
107) 6) dialog: No, no... It's okay, Mr. Eddy.
107) 8) dialog: Thanks, Mr. Eddy ... whatiya need?  Just the regular tune-up?
107) 10) dialog: Okay... Lemme clear it with...
108) 0) text: Ed and Al don't notice that Pete is in the big black  Mercedes, as it cruises past them.
109) 0) text: Mr. Eddy drives.  Pete is in the passenger seat up front, the two, stone-faced assistants ride in back.
109) 2) dialog: No, it's not the carburetors.  Pull over, but keep it runnin'. Mr. Eddy smiles as he pulls over.
109) 4) text: You guys are lookin' at him.  The man with the best god damn ears in town. When the car stops, Pete gets out, pops the hood and  disappears down by the engine. Mr. Eddy sits, smiling at Pete as he works. Pete pops up and gives Mr. Eddy the "thumbs up" and gets into the car.
109) 5) dialog: Give that a try.
109) 8) dialog: Whatever you say, Mr. Eddy. Mr. Eddy hangs a right turn and heads up into the hills.
112) 0) text: Mr. Eddy rotates his neck - shaking out some adrenaline  remnants.  Pete is visibly shaken by what he has seen.
112) 2) dialog: I can see that.
112) 4) dialog: Eight, nine car lengths.  A hundred and sixty-two feet.
112) 6) dialog: Fifteen car lengths.  About two hundred and seventy feet.
113) 0) text: The Pullman pulls off the street into Arnie's.  Mr. Eddy his assistants stay in the car.  Pete opens his door.
113) 2) dialog: Thanks, Mr. Eddy.
113) 5) dialog: Pornos?
113) 7) dialog: No thanks, Mr. Eddy. Mr. Eddy tosses the tape back in the glove compartment.
113) 9) dialog: Okay... Well, I'll see ya then.
114) 0) text: Ed and Al are staring at the Pullman.  They see Pete get They notice the man driving the Pullman.
115) 0) text: Pete walks out his front door with a lunch box and jumps the Camaro. He fires up the big engine and heads off for work. Ed and Al follow.
116) 0) text: Pete is on a skate - working under a car.  The radio is o and a tune comes on that begins to drive Pete crazy - it  gives him a headache.  The tune is one of Fred Madison's bop saxophone pieces.  Pete gets out from under the car a goes to the radio.  He changes the station.  PHIL, anothe mechanic working nearby, looks at Pete.
116) 2) dialog: Well, I didn't. Pete rubs his throbbing head and when he gets back under car, he lays on the skate - unable to work. A car horn honks and the sound reverberates inside the  garage. Pete looks up - from under the car he sees the wheels of Cadillac roll up just outside the open garage doors.  He a car door open and Mr. Eddy's feet appear and walk in hi direction. Pete winces and wheels himself out from under the car.  H stands as Mr. Eddy walks up to him, then freezes as he se back behind Mr. Eddy, sitting in the passenger seat of th car - a beautiful blonde-haired GIRL, who looks exactly l Renee. CLOSE UP BEAUTIFUL GIRL - she looks exactly like Renee ex she is about eight years younger.  The girl is staring ri into Pete's eyes. Mr. Eddy steps between Pete and the girl - blocking her f Pete.  Mr. Eddy smiles at Pete - not noticing or not lett on that he notices the serious eye contact going on betwe Pete and the girl.
116) 4) dialog: (regaining his composure)
116) 7) dialog: It'll be ready.
117) 0) text: Pete is sitting perched unsteadily on the very edge of hi bed.  He HEARS a succession of highly-amplified SOUNDS at intervals with eerie stretches of silence: CRICKETS in  fractured cadence a distant TELEVISION - a FLY buzzing  slowly in the room a MOTH'S wings beating against light  bulbs in the ceiling fixture - the washing of DISHES. Pete's reaction to these sounds is one of petrified  confusion.  Underlying these sounds is a kind of unearthl steady DRONE. Pete gets up off the bed, unsteadily.  He moves toward hi bedroom door.  As he moves the amplified SOUNDS shift. He can hear laughter.  The laughter seems to be LOUD, but the same time coming from people who are trying to contai the laughter - to hide it. Pete opens his door and peers out. Pete's POV down the hall toward the living room - his mot and father have stopped laughing and are turned with guil smiles in his direction.  They are smoking a joint, passi it back and forth.  They are not looking directly at him. They seem to be looking, but not seeing. Pete's parents POV down the hall toward Pete's room.  The is no one there - just an empty hallway. Pete's parents continue to stare, but then turn away towa each other - they start to laugh quietly again. Pete's Pov - the hallway and the living room - there is n one in the living room. It's empty.
118) 0) text: Pete turns from the hallway and comes back in his room -  unsettled and confused. He can hear laughter coming from the living room.
120) 0) text: Pete paces the room.  Finally he stops himself, throws on black leather jacket and opens his bedroom door.  He look down the hall.  No one is in the living room.  He walks o of the house.
121) 0) text: Ed and Al watch Pete get in his Camaro and drive off.  Th follow.
122) 0) text: Pete drives through the night - up Ventura Boulevard with "Cruisers".  He looks in the other cars and looks at the GIRLS on the street. He drives past "Tops", but doesn't see anyone he knows. He turns off the boulevard and drives through San Fernand valley neighborhood streets. He pulls up in front of Sheila's house and honks his horn He lights a cigarette while he waits. In a few minutes Sheila comes out and leans in the passen side window.
122) 2) dialog: Nothin'... You want to go for a drive?
122) 4) dialog: Come on... get in. Sheila hesitates for a moment, then gets in.
123) 0) text: Pete and Sheila drive along dark streets.
123) 1) dialog: Come here. Sheila slides across and sits close to Pete.  Pete puts h arm around her.  She takes a drag from his cigarette and her head on his shoulder. Pete pulls over into a dark shadow under a tree and stops car. He cuts the engine, turns to Sheila and kisses her.  She  breaks away.
123) 3) dialog: I do like you, Sheila. Sheila puts her lips up' close to his and whispers.
124) 0) text: Ed and Al are stopped a half a block behind Pete and Shei They're watching the couple as they make love in the fron seat of Pete's car.
125) 0) text: Pete and Sheila are naked in the front seat.  Sheila clin to Pete as they make love.  She's hopelessly in love with him.
126) 0) text: Pete and the other MECHANICS are working in the garage. clock on the wall reads: 4:45 p.m. Some of the guys are cleaning up - washing their hands -  putting tools away. Pete is ragging off some grease from his hands when he  notices a CAB pull up to the front of the garage.  The  beautiful blonde steps out of the cab and comes up to him Pete's heart races - she smiles at him.
126) 3) dialog: Pete Dayton.
126) 5) dialog: Yeah, I remember.
126) 7) dialog: (laughs uncomfortably)
126) 10) dialog: Look, I don't think it's a good idea. Alice looks hard at him, then smiles.
126) 12) dialog: (pointing)
126) 15) text: Can you give me the number for United Cab? She turns and looks at Pete while she's speaking, then  listening.
126) 19) text: Yes, I need a taxi at Arnie's Auto  Repair, the corner of Fifth and... Pete has walked over.  He takes the telephone out of her  hand.
126) 20) dialog: (into phone)
127) 0) text: Pete and Alice pull up to the cheap motel in Pete's Camar Pete gets out and leaves Alice in the car. She waits and watches him go into the office.
128) 0) text: Ed and Al are watching Pete and Alice.  They watch Pete c out of the office and take Alice into one of the motel ro
129) 0) text: Pete and Alice enter the room. There is a double bed, a  little desk, two bedside tables with lamps, a floor lamp, a bathroom.  They don't notice any of this. Just inside the room Alice takes Pete's hand and they tur each other.  Alice puts Pete's hand between her legs.  Sh moves up close to him and closes her eyes. They kiss tenderly at first - then hotter.
130) 0) text: Pete and Alice are naked on the double bed in just the gl of the motel's neon lights coming in between the window  curtains. They're up on their knees - right next to each other.  Th look in each other's eyes as their hands move and touch. Alice smiles with a wild, dreamy look in her eyes. Pete puts his hand between her legs and Alice kisses him a frenzy. They fall back on the bed.
131) 0) text: Pete and Alice make violent love on the bed.  Alice is  hungry.
132) 0) text: Alice and Pete are dressed.  Alice is still breathing har She moves up close to Pete by the motel room door.  Her h is shaking as she touches his cheek.
132) 3) dialog: Me, too.
132) 5) dialog: Yeah... Call me at home.  I'll give you the number.
133) 0) text: Ed and Al watch Pete and Alice leave the motel room, get the car and drive off. Ed starts his car and he and Al follow them.
134) 0) text: Pete and Alice are riding side by side - Alice's head is his shoulder. Alice looks up at Pete as he drives - she smiles. The light from headlights behind them catch Alice's attention.  Her eyes dart back to a car that could be  following them.
134) 2) text: Is that car following us? Pete glances in the rearview mirror - sees the headlights At the last moment he pulls a hard right and accelerates the street.  The car follows - they both see it.
134) 3) dialog: I'll lose 'em at the light. Alice steals a look back.
136) 1) dialog: (voiceover)
136) 2) text: I'll get it! Pete enters the kitchen where his mother goes for the  ringing phone and gets to it before she does.
136) 3) dialog: (into phone)
136) 7) dialog: Hi.
136) 9) dialog: (disappointed)
136) 12) dialog: Sure.
136) 15) dialog: Me, too.
136) 18) dialog: Nothin'.    
137) 0) text: Pete kick-starts his big Harley and roars angrily out of driveway.
138) 0) text: Pete rides his cycle fast through neighborhoods.
139) 0) text: Pete rides up the boulevard with the "Cruisers".  He spot "V's" car parked at "Tops". He pulls in beside "V's" car and shuts down the engine. usual crowd is at the drive-in, including Sheila. Pete goes up to "V" and Carl and says hello.  He lights a cigarette and leans up against a steel pole supporting th awning above.  "V" and Carl both notice that Pete is in a mood. Sheila is over with her girlfriends.  She hasn't seen Pet arrive. Suddenly Sheila looks over in Pete's direction.  She look like she's seeing something, yet not seeing anything.  Sh keeps looking - staring. Sheila's POV she sees "V", Carl and a lot of PEOPLE, but  Pete is not there. Pete looks at Sheila.  He's unsettled and confused by her staring, but not seeming to see him.  He watches her turn away and take one of her girlfriend's hands - leading her to dance to the LOUD music. Pete watches her dance.  Suddenly, he can't see her.  He  thinks maybe she may be dancing on the other side of the  building - out of view.  He moves to look and his head is struck by a violent pain.  He grabs his head with his han and leans forward.  "V" grabs his arm.
139) 2) dialog: What?
139) 5) dialog: Yeah. Pete stands back up against the post - turns to "V" - recognizing him.
139) 6) dialog: I'm, okay... You okay?
139) 9) dialog: I've been here.  You were lookin, right at me.
139) 11) dialog: Yeah. Sheila sinks into his arms.
139) 13) dialog: Come on. Pete takes her to the Harley and they blast off.
140) 0) text: Pete is making desperate love to Sheila in the same room the same bed, as with Alice.
140) 2) text: Pete... Pete... Pete keeps on - harder - obsessed. When he comes, he cras down on Sheila, who wraps her arms around him tight.  She doesn't know what is going on with him.  Her eyes are ope wide as she listens to his frantic breathing. She doesn't know what to say - or what questions to ask.
142) 0) text: Pete enters through the front door.  His parents are sitt as if they have been waiting for him.
142) 1) dialog: Hey.
142) 3) dialog: What's up?
142) 6) dialog: I gotta headache... What's goin' on?
142) 8) dialog: Yeah? what did they want?
142) 10) dialog: But I don't remember anything.  What did you tell 'em?
142) 12) text: We saw you that night, Pete.
142) 14) dialog: Sheila?
142) 16) dialog: What is this? Why didn't you tell me? What?... I don't remember any of this.
142) 18) dialog: Who was the man?
142) 20) dialog: Did you tell the police this?
142) 22) dialog: What happened to me? Bill and Claire just stare at Pete.
142) 23) dialog: Please tell me.
143) 0) text: The clock on the wall reads: 1:30 a.m. The house is  completely quiet, except for the refrigerator motor. Pete is on the phone in the kitchen talking quietly.
143) 1) dialog: Why didn't you tell me you brought me here that night? (he listens)
144) 0) text: Pete is working on a car.  The Mercedes Pullman pulls int the shop.  Mr. Eddy gets out with his two assistants.  Th stay by the car while Mr. Eddy walks over to Pete. Mr. Ed smiles.
144) 2) dialog: Okay.
144) 6) dialog: (very quietly)
145) 1) dialog: (voiceover)
145) 2) text: I'll get it. Pete moves into the kitchen and picks up the phone.
145) 3) dialog: Hello.
145) 5) dialog: (hesitates)
145) 6) text: Okay. Alice hangs up.  Pete stares at the phone for a moment, t hangs it up slowly.
146) 0) text: Pete pulls his Camaro into the parking lot.  When he gets of the car, he hears a voice and looks.up.
148) 0) text: Pete and Alice are sitting on the bed - dressed. A bedsid table lamp is on.
148) 2) dialog: Are you positive he knows?
148) 4) dialog: So what do we do?
148) 6) dialog: We should stop seeing each other.
148) 12) dialog: Have you partied with him?
148) 14) dialog: You like it?
148) 16) dialog: What deal?
148) 18) dialog: What's he do?
148) 20) dialog: Pornos.
148) 22) dialog: How'd you get in with these fuckin' people?
148) 24) dialog: How'd it happen, Alice?
148) 26) dialog: In pornos?
149) 0) text: Alice's hand reaches up and strokes Pete's cheek.
149) 1) dialog: Why didn't you just leave? Alice doesn't say anything.  She drops her hand - looks d
149) 2) dialog: You liked it.
149) 4) dialog: I don't want you to go away. Alice smiles a little - leans in and they kiss.
149) 6) text: I love you, Pete. They kiss some more.
149) 7) dialog: (desperate whisper)
149) 10) dialog: Andy?
149) 12) dialog: Yeah.  Call him. Alice gets serious.
149) 14) dialog: Okay...
149) 16) dialog: Okay. Still entwined with each other, Alice reaches for the pho and dials a number. It starts to ring and she smiles at P when she hears it being answered.
149) 20) dialog: Why are ya goin' so early?
149) 22) dialog: What if Andy tips off Mr. Eddy?
149) 24) dialog: What about tonight?... Whatiya gonna do about Mr. Eddy tonight?
149) 28) dialog: Oh, yeah?... What else? Alice reaches down between their legs.  Pete smiles.
149) 31) dialog: (getting hotter)
150) 0) text: Pete drives up and parks his Camaro in the driveway.  Whe gets out of the car, he sees Sheila standing by the front step.  She is looking in his direction, but doesn't seem see him.  She SUDDENLY turns and looks up the street - sh YELLS.
150) 3) dialog: (frightened)
150) 5) dialog: Sheila, what is it?... What are you doin' here?
150) 7) dialog: Sheila...
150) 9) dialog: Hey... Sheila.
150) 11) dialog: Look Sheila... I'm sorry...
150) 14) dialog: Go home, Sheila. Sheila starts beating him in the face and chest.
150) 20) dialog: Sheila... Stop...
150) 32) dialog: Who is it?
150) 34) dialog: Hello.
150) 36) text: Hey, Pete... How ya doin'?
150) 37) dialog: Who is this?
150) 39) dialog: Mr. Eddy?
150) 41) dialog: Okay.
150) 43) dialog: Look... It's late, Mr. Eddy... I ...
150) 46) dialog: Yeah.
150) 49) dialog: I don't think so.  Where was it that you think we've met?
150) 51) dialog: No. No, I don't.
150) 53) dialog: What? Pete can hear Mr. Eddy laugh in the background.
150) 55) dialog: What's goin' on?
151) 0) text: A City Bus pulls up to the stop.  The doors open and Pete climbs on.
152) 0) text: Pete rides along in the empty bus.  He stares at his  reflection in the dark window.
153) 0) text: The bus stops and Pete gets out.  He starts walking.
154) 0) text: Pete sneaks through the kitchen and comes into the living room.  Pete stops short and stares.  A movie projector is running in the living room.  A porno film is being projec on a huge screen at the far end.  Alice is in the porno f A man is fucking her from behind - with LOUD SLAPPING SOU of flesh banging flesh.  Her face is in the foreground. eyes look out directly at Pete.  She is loving every minu of it.  Inside Pete, jealousy starts to rage out of contr He looks around.  He sees clothes scattered about.  He pi up a girl's sweater and smells it.  He looks up the stair Feet appear at the top of the stairs.  They start down. Pete runs for the bar. Along the way, he grabs a heavy, bronze figurine of a wel stacked woman off a rectangular glass-topped coffee table and ducks behind the bar. He can hear Andy approaching.  He can hear Andy gather tw glasses.  He can hear Alice being fucked harder in the po film.  He clenches his teeth with rage. Suddenly, Andy moves right in front of him.  They see eac other.  Andy's eyes widen - Pete leaps up, and thwacks th bronze figurine down on the top of Andy's head.  Andy fal The breasts of the figurine have made two bloody holes in forehead. Pete turns. Alice is coming quickly down the stairway - naked, except a pair of panties.  Lipstick is smeared around her mouth. She is carrying a half-filled pillowcase.  Her porno film playing on the wall  behind her. These images jump and spin in Pete's mind.  He moves  unsteadily toward her.
154) 2) dialog: (still holding the figurine)
154) 3) text: Alice, I... Pete starts to tremble.  He drops the figurine.  He tries embrace her. There is a crashing noise behind him. Pete turns and sees Andy staggering, blood streaming from wound in his head, THEN CHARGING FULL SPEED AT PETE. Andy hits him hard, and Pete goes down.  When Pete hits t ground, he pushes Andy up and throws out his arms.  This, Andy's momentum, catapult Andy into the corner of the  rectangular glass-topped coffee table.  There is a sound hammer going through a bucket of eggs as the glass corner embeds about eight inches into Andy's forehead. CLOSE UP OF ANDY'S HEAD - impaled on the sharp corner of table, his chest area suspended, his legs and stomach  touching the floor.
154) 5) text: Wow! Pete pulls himself off the floor. Pete moves close to Alice, they drift to the glass coffee table, staring for a few moments at Andy's dead body. While Pete stares, unbelieving, at Andy - Alice hurriedly picks up her sweater and puts it on. On the sofa next to lay Andy's trousers.  She goes through the pockets, finds roll of cash bound by a rubber band.  Alice hands the rol Pete.
154) 8) dialog: We killed him.
154) 10) dialog: Alice? Alice slides up close to Pete.
154) 12) dialog: Alice...
154) 14) text: We gotta get the stuff and get out of here. Alice starts off across the living room with the pillowca Pete opens his eyes, he sees Alice move as a blur.  He lo around the room, which spins in and out of focus.  His ey land on, a PHOTOGRAPH in a frame on the wall.  This photo troubles him.  Pete squints, then points to the photograp
154) 15) dialog: Is that you?  Are both of them you? CLOSE UP OF THE PHOTOGRAPH - Four people appear in the fr Andy, Renee, Alice and Mr. Eddy. Alice stops and comes back.  She looks at the photo, walk closer to it, and points at herself.
154) 18) dialog: Where's the bathroom?
155) 0) text: Pete staggers toward the bathroom at the rear right of th hallway.  THE HALLWAY SUDDENLY BECOMES HAZY, DIFFERENT AN LONGER THAN IT APPEARED TO BE. Pete wanders down this "changed" hall.  On his left, he  identifies a door with the number 25 on it.  He pauses fo moment in front of it, then goes on until, on his right, comes to a door with the number 26 on it.  He enters thro this door. Inside is a WOMAN in front of a mirror with a MAN.  Her a are resting on a shelf under the mirror as the man takes from behind.  The man's face is blank, featureless, and i buried in the woman's back - we can't see it. Pete now sees that the woman is an extremely whorish vers of Alice - she's looking at Pete's reflection in the mirr He's looking at her reflection in the mirror.  Pete's hea pounding.
155) 2) text: Did you want to talk to me? Pete rubs his head - the pain is severe.
155) 5) text: Did you want to ask me "why"? Pete staggers out of the room. He closes the door.  The hallway has "changed" back to An hallway.  The doors no longer have numbers. Pete walks, unsteadily, back down the hall - faltering. starts down the stairs.
156) 0) text: Pete comes downstairs to the living room and sees Alice a the desk in the corner, filling the pillowcase with cash jewelry. She has a PISTOL in her hand. Alice turns when she hears Pete and they study each other face as Pete makes his way to her.  His head is still  throbbing with pain.  His focus goes from her face to the - which is pointing right at him - back to her.  Alice  smiles.
156) 6) dialog: Alice? Alice grabs Pete's arm and hurries him toward the door.
157) 0) text: Alice takes Pete to Andy's car and throws him the keys.
158) 0) text: Alice and Pete pull up into the driveway of a house at th end of a street at the edge of a desert.  Alice gets out a hot wind.  Pete stays in the car as she goes up to the  house. Pete's POV: He watches Alice ring the doorbell.  She wait in front of the door for a few moments, her hair blowing the wind. A HOUSEBOY opens the door.  Alice says something to him - Pete cannot bear anything that is said, even though his  driver's side window is down.  All he can hear is the hot wind blowing. The Houseboy moves out to where he can see Pete, waiting the car.  The Houseboy and Alice exchange information.  T Houseboy points out toward the desert.  Alice turns back the car. The Houseboy watches her.
161) 0) text: Pete and Alice pull off the two-lane highway onto a barel discernible dirt road that cuts through the dark desert.
162) 0) text: Pete and Alice drive up to a ONE ROOM CABIN built on stil next to a dry lakebed.  They both get out and go up the  stairs to a porch where Alice knocks on the door.  There no answer. Alice opens the door, but there is NOBODY INSIDE.
162) 2) dialog: Why me, Alice?  Why choose me? The radio sticks on a particular tune - a tune filled wit longing. Alice begins to dance.  She takes Pete's hand an pulls him close to her.
162) 5) dialog: I want you... I want you... With a burning smile, Alice rolls them out of the beams o light into the darkness.  The wind billows a black cloud dust around them. Alice pulls away from Pete and brings her dark mouth to h ear.
165) 0) text: The hallway is strangely similar to Pete's vision upstair Andy's.  Fred comes to the door numbered 25, looks at his which says "25" and unlocks the door and enters.