3) 0) text: Fred is dressed to go out: Black sport coat and slacks,  buttoned up white shirt.  He picks up a music case.  A wo comes into the room.  This is Fred's wife, RENEE, 30 year old, dark hair, dressed smartly, a drink in her hand.
3) 1) dialog: You don't mind that I'm not coming tonight?
3) 3) dialog: I thought I'd stay home and read. Fred looks her over, she's sexy without trying.
3) 6) dialog: I like to laugh, Fred.
3) 8) dialog: Wake me up when you get home. Fred brushes her cheek with his fingers, allowing them to linger for a moment on her face.
10) 0) text: Fred puts down his music case, goes to the bedroom, and s Renee sleeping soundly.
11) 0) text: Renee in a bathrobe, opens the front door to collect the  mail.  She sees a plain, clean, manila envelope lying on step.  She picks it up. CLOSE UP ON THE ENVELOPE - No stamp, no writing, blank. takes the mail from the box, and goes back into the house
12) 0) text: Renee opens the manila envelope. She's noticeably nervous when she sees a videotape inside.  She stares at it. Fred enters, also wearing a bathrobe.  He sees Renee star at the videotape - before she hears him enter.  When she hear him, her eyes jerk away from the tape.
12) 2) dialog: A videotape.
12) 4) dialog: I don't know... There's no return address  on the envelope... In fact, there's no  address on it.
12) 6) dialog: (looking it over)
12) 10) text: Come on. They sit on the couch in front of the television. The TV monitor: We begin on the TV, then the videotape fi the entire frame.  The videotape shows the front of THE  MADISON HOUSE, the camera panning slowly over it.  The  picture is accompanied by an eerie DRONING SOUND.  After camera pans back to the front door, the tape image turns Fred and Renee stare at the snow for a few moments.  Rene looks relieved.
12) 11) dialog: It must be from a real estate agent.
13) 0) text: Renee is seated at the dining room table - coffee cup and grapefruit in front of her.  She is wearing glasses, read a book.  Fred enters, and sees Renee, who does not look u acknowledge him.  Fred goes into the kitchen, which is ju off the dining room.  He comes back into the dining room a cup of coffee, and sits down with it opposite Renee.  H lights up a cigarette, sips his coffee, and looks at her.
13) 2) dialog: (she looks up)
13) 5) dialog: What night?
13) 7) dialog: Oh. Oh, yeah.  No. This is a different one.
13) 9) dialog: Called?  When?
13) 11) dialog: I must have fallen asleep.  I was asleep when you got home, wasn't I?
13) 13) dialog: (without looking up)
13) 14) text: I told you you could wake me up if you wanted to. Renee looks up at him now, takes off her glasses, and sta at him. CLOSE UP OF FRED'S FACE - a disturbed expression. Renee seems about to say something more, but stops, puts glasses back on and resumes reading.
14) 0) text: Fred is in bed waiting for Renee.  He hears noises from t bathroom - bottles clinking, drawers opening and closing. Renee comes out wearing a robe, which she sheds just befo getting into bed.  Naked under the covers, she switches o her bedside lamp.  The only light in the room comes from outside, through the windows.  Fred moves closer to Renee puts his lips to her cheek, a hand on her breast.  She do not respond.  Fred pulls Renee to him, and kisses her  passionately.  Renee accedes to his demands, but does not participate willingly.  He makes love to her voraciously, her lack of passion disturbs him.  Fred can't stop, howev and when he comes she acts consolingly, stroking him  maternally while he calms down.  He climbs off of her and retreats to his side of the bed. CLOSE UP ON FRED'S EYES - which express his horror and  humiliation. They lie there in the dark silence for a while. Fred turns back toward Renee in the darkness.
14) 2) dialog: Yeah?
15) 2) dialog: (tentatively - distant and off screen)
15) 3) text: Fred?  Fred, where are you? The camera turns slowly back toward the hallway, and as i drifts it RISES UP following along the hall and turning  slowly into the bedroom.  Renee is lying below in the bed
16) 0) text: Fred is lying in bed with Renee, who is now backlit by he bedside lamp.  Fred looks at her shadowed face, but it's Renee's face.  It's a face Fred has never seen before.  F quickly turns and switches on his bedside lamp, and looks quickly back at Renee, whose face is now her own.
16) 1) dialog: Fred, are you all right? Fred reaches out a hand and tenderly touches her face.  R covers his hand with her own, and closes her eyes.
17) 0) text: Renee finds another envelope on the doorstep.  She opens pulls out a videotape.  A large dog is BARKING incessantl somewhere in the neighborhood.  Renee looks around to see she can see the dog.
18) 0) text: Renee brings the videotape upstairs with the rest of the  mail.  She is a bit puzzled and unsettled.  She puts the down on a table.  She stares at it.  Fred comes in.
18) 2) dialog: That dog woke me.  I lay there for a while, then decided to get up.
18) 5) dialog: Yes, I just found it on the step. Fred picks it up.
18) 8) dialog: I guess so. Fred goes to the VCR and inserts the tape.  He turns the  television on.  He is about to start the tape - he looks for Renee.  She's hanging back.
18) 10) dialog: Yeah. Renee sits on the couch.  Fred starts the VCR and joins h As before, we first see it on the TV, then the videotape  fills the frame.  This tape shows the front of the house, before, then shows the INTERIOR of Fred and Renee's house AT NIGHT. The eerie DRONING SOUND goes throughout. The camera glides at a very high angle near the ceilings  looking down as it travels along a hallway and turns into their bedroom, where we see Fred and Renee sleeping.  The tape image then goes to snow. Fred and Renee stare at the snowy TV picture.  After a fe moments of silence, Renee gets up and switches off the se She is visibly shaken, trembling.  She stares fearfully a Fred who seems less disturbed.
18) 11) dialog: We've got to call the police.
19) 0) text: Renee is on the telephone.  Fred is pacing, smoking, behi her.
19) 1) dialog: ...yes, I've been on hold for ten minutes... I can't... All right, thanks. Renee looks around anxiously.  Fred gives her his cigaret which she puffs on.  He lights another and continues paci
19) 2) dialog: Hello, yes... Good... My name is Renee Madison... My husband is Fred Madison, the jazz musician... we        live at 442 Hollis Street... Right... 442 Hollis... near the observatory... Someone's been in the house... at night... while we were sleeping... I know because they sent,  dropped off a videotape... two  videotapes... to show us... That's  right... Yes... it... the second one...  shows us asleep... Someone broke in and  taped us while we slept!... Isn't that  enough?... Okay, sure... We will... 442  Hollis... Yes, we'll be here. Renee hangs up.
19) 4) dialog: Two detectives are coming out.
21) 2) dialog: What is?
22) 0) text: The Detectives enter the bedroom.  Fred and Renee follow.
22) 14) dialog: No. Fred hates them. The Detectives both look at Fred.
22) 19) dialog: Yes, actually we do... but we haven't been using it.
22) 24) dialog: No.
22) 26) dialog: No, one of us is always here to let the  maid in.  Nobody else has a key.
23) 0) text: Fred's POV: He's watching Ed and Al with Renee who are  outside the house, walking around the property, checking  it out.
24) 0) text: Ed and Al are standing by an unmarked police car with Fre and Renee.  The Detectives are about to depart.
24) 4) dialog: We will.
26) 0) text: At the back, near the side door, Renee can be seen with T MEN, only one of whose faces we see.  The trio are going the side door led by one of the men; we see only the back his head.  Renee glances briefly at the bandstand before exits with the two men.
29) 0) text: Fred is standing in the living room looking in the direct of the stairwell.  We HEAR someone's steps coming up the  stairs.  It's Renee, who eventually comes into view.  She holding another manila envelope.  She arrives at the top  step. She and Fred lock eyes. Fred takes the envelope, opens it, and pulls out a third  videotape. without saying anything, Fred takes the tape t the VCR.  He inserts it very carefully, slowly.  He hits  play, turns on the television and he and Renee sit down o the couch together and begin to watch with great  apprehension. Again we begin with a WIDE SHOT and then the TV monitor f the screen: We see the interior of the house at night.  T camera glides looking down from a high angle along the  hallway and into the bedroom, where Fred and Renee are  sleeping. Again, the DRONING SOUND plays throughout. in the bedroom where Fred and Renee are seen sleeping,  SUDDENLY, Fred, on the tape, slowly awakens as the camera holds on him.  He rises and turns unnaturally in the bed, if drawn up by his awareness of some strange presence in room.  He comes to a sitting position, his head straining upwards, looking in the direction of the camera.  At this point, the videotape image turns to snow.
30) 0) text: Fred and Renee are on the couch.  The TV remains on, show snow. Renee is very upset, crying.
30) 1) dialog: What the hell is going on?!
30) 3) text: I wish I knew. Fred reaches over and tentatively takes Renee's hand in h She trembles, allows him to touch her, but otherwise does respond.  Suddenly, she jumps with fright.
30) 4) dialog: What was that?!!!
30) 6) dialog: On the tape!  There was something else on the tape. Fred gets up and rewinds it, passing an image.
30) 7) dialog: There!  Play it! Fred runs the tape forward. We see snow - then a half-second long MEDIUM SHOT of Fred his knees near the bedroom wall on Renee's side of the be He is looking directly at the camera - his face a ghastly grimace, contorted.  His eyes are WIDE WITH HORROR. Fred runs it back again and FREEZES the tape there on his tormented image.  This image fills the screen.  He and Re stare at it.
31) 0) text: The Detectives, with Fred and Renee are seated on chairs the couch.  The three videotapes in their manila envelope are stacked on a coffee table in the center.
31) 4) dialog: Why would anyone do something like this?
31) 8) dialog: I...        no. No. No threats.
31) 11) dialog: I don't know if I want to stay here.  I don't feel safe.
31) 13) dialog: I don't know. maybe a hotel. Ed and Al are watching this exchange between Fred and Ren with keen interest. There is a strained silence between them.
31) 19) dialog: Acting paranoid?!!! Someone is in our  house while we're sleeping, filming us,  and you don't want to act paranoid?!!! I  thought you set the alarm! Fred gets up, lights a cigarette, paces.
31) 21) dialog: But that doesn't solve the problem.  Who is doing this?  And why? Ed and Al rise from their chairs.  Ed picks up the envelo
32) 0) text: A swinging party is in progress at Andy's house - the man whose face we saw at the Luna Lounge with Renee.  ANDY, 3 years old, a slick guy, is seen moving through the crowd, making small talk, kissing and being kissed.  The PEOPLE are wannabe players, the men mostly shady, gold-chain- wearing, slightly unsavory types; the women dressed  provocatively, big hair and skin-tight dresses.  Through  sliding glass doors we see nude and semi-nude people  cavorting in a swimming pool.  Everyone has a drink in hi her hand.  Renee finishes her drinkt and hands the empty glass to Fred who walks away with it.  Andy grabs Renee, dances with her.  They laugh and talk.  Renee appears to bit intoxicated. Fred, who appears less than thrilled with the carryings o makes his way to the open bar where he orders two drinks. When the drinks arrive he drains one of them completely, sets the empty glass down on the bar.  Then he swallows t other drink, too, and sets down the glass. A MYSTERY MAN, tall, well-dressed and groomed, older than Fred, approaches him.
32) 29) dialog: I thought you were getting me a drink?
32) 42) dialog: Honey, who?... Who's dead? Fred takes Renee by the arm away from Andy.
32) 44) dialog: But...
33) 0) text: Fred is driving fast and recklessly.  Renee is drunk and smiling at him.
33) 2) dialog: It was a long time ago... I met him at  this place called Moke's... We... became  friends... He told me about a job...
33) 4) dialog: I don't remember... Anyway, Andy's  okay...
34) 0) text: Fred and Renee's car pulls up in front of their house.  F jumps out of the car.
35) 0) text: There are only a couple of dim lights on, the house is mo dark.  Fred moves slowly and carefully through his house searching each room for a possible intruder. Fred's POV - moving creepily room by room through the dar house - past the telephone - down the hall to the bedroom There is NO ONE there. He goes back outside for Renee.
36) 0) text: Renee is standing next to the car, shivering.
36) 2) dialog: Why? what is it?  Why did you make me wait out here?
36) 4) dialog: Was there?
37) 1) dialog: It's so odd... Waiting out there, I had  the strangest feeling... Like this had  happened before.  I mean, your telling me  to stay outside while you went in like  that. Fred looks at Renee, then continues to look around the ho disturbed, seriously disquieted.  Renee, still tipsy, fol him, moving from room to room.
38) 0) text: Fred and Renee are preparing to go to bed. Renee goes the bathroom off the bedroom. Fred takes another look into the hallway.
41) 0) text: Renee is washing her face, standing at the sink in her sl
43) 0) text: Renee comes in.  Fred is not there.  She goes to the door peeks down the hallway.
43) 1) dialog: (tentatively)
45) 0) text: Renee's POV - down the hallway.  There is just darkness a the end of the hall.  It is EERIE.  After a moment, Fred  slowly walks out of the darkness toward Renee.  He walks of the shot and the camera remains on the rectangle of  darkness at the end of the hall.
46) 0) text: Footsteps can be heard on the stairs.  Fred's head appear the top of the stairway.  He comes up into the living roo carrying a manila envelope, like the ones previously  received.  His expression is strained.  He is alone.  Fre pulls a videotape out of the envelope and inserts it in t VCR, turns it on.  He sits on the couch and watches.  We from a WIDE SHOT to a FULL FRAME SHOT of the video. On the tape is the same nighttime interior of the house,  accompanied by the DRONING SOUND.  The camera moves eeril down the hall toward the bedroom, sliding at a high angle The camera turns slowly into the bedroom - looking down. BLOOD is splattered over the floor, bed, walls.  The came drifts.  THE DEAD BODY OF RENEE lies on the floor at the of the bed.  She is badly mutilated.  Fred is hovering ov her on the tape, ON HIS KNEES, A HORRIFIED, UNBELIEVING  EXPRESSION ON HIS FACE.  On the tape, Fred turns away fro Renee - his hands raised, dripping blood - her blood.  Hi movements are almost mechanical, constricted, as he strai strangely upwards seemingly against his will, as if feeli some enormous pressure.  He looks directly at the camera, face a ghastly grimace, contorted, just before the taped  image goes to snow.
47) 3) dialog: 
51) 0) text: Renee's CORPSE on a slab is rolled into an examining room an ATTENDANT.  The entrance of the body is shown reflecte a chrome-framed mirror that juts out from a tile wall.  T Attendant prepares for the impending autopsy, laying out rack of instruments, positioning the corpse.  As he is do these things, the MEDICAL EXAMINER enters, accompanied by GIRLFRIEND.  The M.E. is dressed formally, in a tuxedo. young woman is wearing a slinky dress with a fur wrap,  pearls, spike heels.  The couple are close; she has an ar through his, and she laughs, nervously.  He is smoking a  cigarette.
168) 0) text: Renee is in bed with Mr. Eddy/Laurent.  He and Renee are  feverishly making love as the storm rages outside.
170) 0) text: Renee is sitting half dressed on the edge of the bed, pul on her stockings.  Mr. Eddy/Laurent is asleep next to her Renee stands up, finishes dressing, then leans down and  kisses her lover while he sleeps.  Renee leaves the room, closing the door as quietly as possible behind her. As the door CLICKS, Mr. Eddy/Laurent wakes up.  He sits u and gets a pack of cigarettes from the bedside table, sha one out, lights it with a book of "Lost Highway Hotel"  matches, and smokes it while seated on the edge of the be
171) 0) text: Fred, still fully dressed, is waking up, AS IF IN A TRANC the same attitude he had on the videotape.  He strains  upwards and looks eerily around the room.  He gets up and crosses slowly to a window.  He takes the edge of the win curtain and pulls it back. The view is of the gravel parking lot of the hotel. Fred's POV: He sees Renee, down below, walk over to a car get in and drive away. Fred walks back to his bed, picks up his revolver from un the pillow, crosses the room to the door and walks out.
175) 0) text: We see the movie screen on a wall in Andy's living room. Marian, Raquel and RENEE'S images are being projected on screen, simultaneously involved in pornographic acts with men. Watching this movie in Andy's living room are severa people in shadows behind the light of the projector.  Amo them we see RENEE and MR. EDDY/LAURENT standing next to A Mr. Eddy/Laurent and Renee are hot - kissing - his hand i under her skirt.  They are watching the porno film.  They watching murky images of sex turning to violence. In a CLOSE UP we see Renee and Mr. Eddy/Laurent in the  shadows looking out at the film, both half-smiling, stone aroused. The image on the Watchman changes now.
178) 0) text: As Fred finishes this sentence we see the cop car contain Ed and Al pull in to the curb just up the street from Fre and Renee's house.