0) 9) dialog: Vide, Magister. There's something Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca wrong. Ulrich, startled from his trance, slaps the water out of basin and turns to confront his student. Galen is taken a by the old man's grim countenance.
0) 10) dialog: What's the matter? What's happened?
0) 12) dialog: To me?
0) 17) dialog: Hobbling slowly with the aid of a pair of canes, Ulrich g his pupil across a wooden bridge and along a stream into forest.
0) 19) dialog: Of course.
0) 21) dialog: Well, almost.
0) 23) dialog: (a shrug) The first two chapters.
0) 25) dialog: To tell the truth, | haven't dared try it. What's the point, anyway?
0) 29) dialog: | don't hear anything. Ulrich gauges the young man standing before him and makes decision. Reaching under his cloak he lifts off a fine si chain with an amulet dangling from it. He drapes it aroun Galen's neck.
0) 31) dialog: Voices, singing on the road. He hastens forward to a promontory, eager to have a look. Ulrich does not follow. Instead, doffing his cloak, he wh it before him, where it magically floats a few feet off t ground. Awkwardly, the old man clambers aboard.
0) 32) dialog: | don't see anything. He turns back, but the wizard is gone. A shadow falls ove him. He looks up. There, two hundred feet above the tree tops his master is soaring on the wind.
0) 34) dialog: He gawks skyward. Suddenly, the old man leans down and addresses him.
0) 40) dialog: Here are your sticks.
0) 67) dialog: Master, don't you think вЂ”
0) 75) dialog: Look at yourself. How far will you get like that? A league, two leagues?
0) 77) dialog: (sarcastic) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Why don't you wave your hands around and summon up a coach-and-four?
0) 79) dialog: You pilgrims: You're used to lotteries. Why not draw straws to see who'll be first to carry ironshanks here. This is too much for Hodge.
0) 81) dialog: Send me. You're always saying | need seasoning. | need a test. Let me go.
0) 83) dialog: I'm ready for anything.
0) 106) dialog: Not this one, was it?
0) 114) dialog: The erstwhile apprentice stands his ground, blinking back tears, his face weirdly illuminated by the fire.
0) 118) dialog: Hodge вЂ” what are you doing? Hodge quickly conceals the pouch.
0) 123) dialog: Stand back! He raises his hands toward the castle and calls out:
0) 124) dialog: Cragganmore! Domus noni am! Silva celet!
0) 126) dialog: On their hilltop the old retainer gives the youth a fearf look. Galen is too flushed with excitement over what he h done to notice. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
0) 130) dialog: I guess... The apprentice's mind is elsewhere: he's got a coin hover in mid-air above his palm, bobbing gently as he walks.
0) 132) dialog: Me too... He plucks a low-hanging leaf, waves a hand over it, and watches it turn into a spray of daffodils.
0) 134) dialog: What's the matter, Hodge, pack too heavy? Here. He gives the pack a slap. It flies out of its harness and floats alongside them. Hodge snatches it back and clutche it tightly.
0) 136) dialog: Too cold, is it? A great coat drapes itself over Hodge's shoulders.
0) 138) dialog: Too warm? The greatcoat disappears, as do the rest of his garments, leaving him in his smalls.
0) 140) dialog: I've got as much respect for the master as anyone, old man. But вЂ” then again, I'm master now.
0) 149) dialog: Easy now. We mean no harm. We've been looking for you.
0) 151) dialog: (brushing himself off) More the other way around, I'd say.
0) 153) dialog: A few words, that's all. You were looking for a conjurer.
0) 155) dialog: Right. Requiscat in pace. (he takes a deep breath) Ecce: magister novus!
0) 157) dialog: My lord Ulrich is no longer. All that you asked of him, you may now expect of me. The dangers he would face, | will now conquer. The task he would undertake | will now fulfill. lam Galen Bradwardyn, inheritor of Ulrich's craft and knowledge, and | am the Sorcerer you seek. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca There is a moment of depressed silence. Hodge rolls his Greil starts to chuckle, then to laugh. Soon the others a laughing too.
0) 166) dialog: (nods) What's the matter with him?
0) 190) dialog: What have you got there?
0) 192) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca A little gold, eh? What do you say | change it into lead?
0) 195) dialog: I'm no fraud.
0) 197) dialog: Hodge, nobody forced you to come along.
0) 199) dialog: Well, if he told you | needed wetnursing, why don't you just turn yourself around and go back home. Hodge snorts and fusses with his pack.
0) 201) dialog: He walks back along the trail, looking for Valerian. Pret soon the rest of the travelers are out of sight. He hears Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca the sound of a splash. He turns off the trail and pushes through some shrubbery.
0) 203) dialog: You're too far behind us. Come on out.
0) 205) dialog: Not a good idea to get separated. Let's go.
0) 210) text: Galen works his way through the murky green underwater wo Suddenly, he stops short and stares. He's only a few feet from Valerian's dangling legs. He gasps in surprise. Vale is no boy.
0) 212) dialog: By the gods! Valerian is pale and frightened.
0) 216) dialog: I'm not going to say anything.
0) 218) dialog: (feeble bluff) Take it easy. | knew the moment | saw you. I've known the whole time.
0) 220) dialog: Don't worry. No one's going to find out. Just tell me: why?
0) 222) dialog: The lottery! Daughters are chosen, but sons are not!
0) 224) dialog: What do you mean?
0) 227) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca (horrified) No!
0) 229) dialog: No! She glances back at him and grimly keeps on walking. Gale shoots past her and on into the forest.
0) 230) dialog: Hodge!
0) 233) dialog: | hear you.
0) 235) dialog: | know.
0) 239) dialog: (holding up the pouch) What are you doing with this, Hodge?
0) 241) dialog: Hodge, don't die. Listen to me. You're not going to die. Galen is frantic. He pulls out the amulet and wraps his h around it.
0) 242) dialog: Excede, mortem! Revoca, vitam! (he shakes the body) Excede, mortem! Revoca, vitam! But Hodge has passed on, and Galen's magic has no way to reach him. Suddenly the youth cries out in pain. He drops the amulet and looks at his palm. The device has burned h flesh. Now he becomes aware of troubled Urlanders looking over his shoulder, witness to his failure.
0) 250) dialog: The whole kingdom like this?
0) 252) dialog: Where?
0) 254) dialog: I see it. Let's have a look.
0) 259) dialog: Are there other entrances?
0) 262) dialog: (coolly) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca No smoke. How do you know it's in there?
0) 267) dialog: Now, great mountain, hear my command: Terrae lapsus consignet latibulum draconis! Evanescat latibulum draconis!
0) 289) dialog: You're talking about superstition, friend. None of that has anything to do with what I, Galen, have already achieved. He marches to the center of the gathering.
0) 292) dialog: People of Urland! Send a messenger to the king. Vermithrax is dead. Crushed by the power of the moon and the stars! Laid low by ancient wisdom. Dropped into the Abyss by mystical practice.
0) 294) dialog: Nihil plus mysterium! He gestures boldly and a fireball crackles at the monk's feet. The holy man scurries back. A hush falls upon the congregation.
0) 311) dialog: Looks like you've been up to a little sorcery yourself. Valerian doesn't know what to say.
0) 312) dialog: Or is it witchcraft? She still doesn't reply. It's all she can do to keep on dancing.
0) 313) dialog: What's the matter? A real woman never stops talking.
0) 329) dialog: (sobering up) What sort of gratitude? A knife in the belly? An arrow in the back? Tyrian's smile freezes on his face. He steps in front of Galen, towering over him.
0) 333) dialog: Don't worry. I'll be back.
0) 338) dialog: One of the best things about the water here in Urland is that there's so much of it вЂ” look at that! Water continues to pour into the goblet without overflowi Galen takes a sip.
0) 339) dialog: Mmm. Good. But not cold enough. Perhaps | could borrow a scarf from his Majesty. The King makes no sign. Galen approaches stiffly, takes a scarf and retreats.
0) 340) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca I cover the goblet, so... remove, so...and behold: winter in a mug! And he's done it: he turns the goblet over and a small ch of ice hits the floor. The royal reaction is equally fros Galen is bombing, and he knows it.
0) 341) dialog: All right. How many of you have ever seen a table fly? He mutters an incantation. In the audience, Tyrian notes that Galen has his hand wrapped around the amulet. There a loud clatter as the heavy oak table before the throne b to jitter and buck. As the wine spills and plates go flyi the King wearily raises a hand.
0) 343) dialog: Wait, it'll rise now.
0) 346) dialog: Yes.
0) 348) dialog: Please вЂ”no payment. | have always found magical practice to be its own reward. | seek only some yet greater Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca challenge. This handsome sentiment doesn't go over any better than h tricks.
0) 351) dialog: | was invited.
0) 353) dialog: What failure? What's the matter with you people? You want the dragon back?
0) 355) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Yes, of course. Dead.
0) 365) dialog: (authoritative) Cubiculum gravis aperat! There's a long moment when nothing happens. A very long moment. Finally, a thoroughly frustrated Galen leaps to t window and rattles the bars.
0) 366) dialog: Open up, dammit! Fenestra gravis aperat! Asser gravis aperat! Divinitus!
0) 369) dialog: How do you do.
0) 371) dialog: Isee.
0) 375) dialog: Depends on who does the dying.
0) 377) dialog: Virgin?
0) 379) dialog: If you say so.
0) 381) dialog: (sighs) Nothing.
0) 383) dialog: Maybe.
0) 387) dialog: Wait вЂ” how long do I have to stay in here?
0) 411) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca The shaking has stopped. Rock dust filters down from the ceiling. Galen picks himself up and stares: the door to h cell is off its hinges and is sagging open. He darts out.
0) 437) text: Half the buildings in the town are on fire. Desperate villagers dash here and there, herding children and anima to safety, trying to save their household goods. Galen wa woodenly into the confusion, leading his horse, taking in the scope of the disaster. He comes upon a line of men wh have formed a bucket brigade. He attempts to join up. As soon as he is recognized, he is shouldered roughly aside.
0) 441) dialog: Greil вЂ” help!
0) 444) dialog: It's me. Are you hurt?
0) 446) dialog: I can't.
0) 448) dialog: Ican't do it.
0) 450) dialog: Ijust can't.
0) 452) dialog: I'm no sorcerer. Whatever power | might have had, it's gone.
0) 454) dialog: | know: I'm an imposter. A fraud. A fake. I'm sorry... Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca For a moment, Valerian is too stunned to speak. Then her face colors.
0) 476) dialog: Smith вЂ”have you ever forged a weapon?
0) 478) dialog: These are your sharpest? Simon plucks up one of the swords, carries it to the cent of the room. He lays a horseshoe on the anvil. He brings sword down вЂ” whack! вЂ” and cuts the horseshoe in half.
0) 480) dialog: It's sharp вЂ” but it's not sharp enough. Valerian has been watching all this with growing concern.
0) 482) dialog: For what I'm going to do with it.
0) 491) dialog: Valerian, this isn't just for your sake. He walks back to shore. All three watch the sword to see Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca what will happen.
0) 496) dialog: I'l need the amulet.
0) 500) dialog: | know. We've met. Valerian gives Galen a sharp look. Horsrik unrolls a parchment.
0) 520) text: Galen enters the library, his enormous shadow dancing cra on the torchlit walls. Hurrying through, his attention is drawn to some open books on a table. Closer inspection re magical writings and symbols. Galen paws over everything, suddenly aware that he must be close to the amulet. But w is it?
0) 524) dialog: I'm unarmed. If you want a fight, at least give me a weapon.
0) 539) dialog: Don't bother. That's not the kind of fire we need. Valerian is staring at the sword, sitting on the anvil in its silk wrapping. Galen uncovers it, holds it high, and puts his hand on the amulet.
0) 540) dialog: Nunc, per Potestatem Hermeticum вЂ” ex flammis, ferrum sangrinarium! Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca The sword starts to hum and to heat up. From the hilt ou the blade glows brighter and brighter: red, orange, white It lights up the room, throwing long shadows into the cor Galen lays the white hot steel on the anvil. Simon takes his hammer and begins the reforging. Valerian sees their resolve. After watching for several moments she slips out the side door, looking sad.
0) 548) dialog: l understand. They look at each other for what could be the last time.
0) 553) dialog: Thank you.
0) 555) dialog: Hatchlings. They'll have to be killed too. Anything else? Valerian wants to be bold, but on this final point, can't muster the courage.
0) 557) dialog: (slowly nodding) Yes.
0) 559) dialog: Who is? What do you mean?
0) 561) dialog: And you'll be eligible because вЂ”
0) 563) dialog: lam in love. But not with the Princess. Their image is reflected in the waters. Through the rippl she is visible pulling briefly away to remove her clothes From afar, they are two tiny figures under the overarchin oaks and willows. They embrace and sink down into the dee grass beside the water. The leaves continue their unhurri course downstream.
0) 568) dialog: Be gone! That's enough for Horsrik and company: he and the soldier depart.
0) 571) dialog: I've got plenty of reasons to kill you that have nothing to do with Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca this sacrifice. Galen draws his own sword. As it emerges into the night a it seems imbued with a blue phosphorescence.
0) 576) dialog: Run! Get out of here! The Princess darts from the piling as Tyrian swoops down continue the attack. Galen dodges and the stake catches Tyrian's blow. The earth shakes again. Galen glances at t Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Princess.
0) 577) dialog: No! Stop! What are you doing? Elspeth is not running away down the mountain. Instead sh is walking, slowly and deliberately, right into the smoki cave. Swoosh! Tyrian's sword comes down again. The dismay sorcerer ducks back and Tyrian's blade again bites deep i the wood.
0) 580) dialog: Elspeth! The floor of the cave as it winds down into the mountain paved first with rock, then with dragon scales, then with bones. With each footfall, clusters of mysterious insects scuttle away. Galen pauses to mop his brow; it's getting hot. A sound echoes up from the depths, a grinding sound like the gnashing of teeth, followed by hissing and squea Galen grips his sword tighter and pushes on. Suddenly he stoops and picks up an embroidered slipper: Elspeth's. Th grinding sounds are louder. He hurries forward and rounds corner. He stops and gags. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
0) 581) text: Two disgusting little reptiles вЂ” like scaly raccoons вЂ perched on the corpse of Princess Elspeth Ulfilas, feedin contentiously on choice bits of the royal flesh. Galen gr he lashes out and his sword beheads one of the tiny monst The other one buzzes its half-formed winglets and hisses hot stream of air. Galen brings down the sword and slices in half. Eyes riveted on Elspeth's remains, he edges arou the carnage and backs away. Hissss! вЂ” there's a third o lurking in the shadows, munching on something; it might b hand. Galen shrieks and jumps away. The little creature c at him and clamps its jaws on his leg. Galen stabs at it repeatedly. Finally it lets go, and flails and flops acro the bloody floor, ululating its death agony. As the creat last mewlings echo down through the cavern, the ground quivers. Bits of stone fall from the ceiling.
0) 588) dialog: He's lying face down behind a boulder, his clothes charre patches of skin scorched. He looks dead. Valerian rolls h onto his back. She gasps: the eyes are open, regarding he
0) 589) dialog: Still alive.
0) 595) text: She's right. What kind of a life could you have here? It's too late for me, but you're young enough. (he shows them the sword) You know what | think? Magic is dying out, fading from the world. But that makes me happy. That means the dragon will be dying too. Galen looks at him; he has heard everything. He sits up a fondly regards Valerian.
0) 598) dialog: Nothing. | was just thinking вЂ” poor Hodge. He tucks the pouch away, throws some clothes on top and t the satchel shut.
0) 606) dialog: Hurts. That thing was small, but its teeth were sharp.
0) 608) dialog: But the big one's alive. Somewhere down in that burning lake.
0) 610) dialog: Galen has come to a halt in the middle of the path. He's staring into the middle distance with a sudden inspiratio bubbling in his brain. He flings off his sack, drops to h knees and tears through the contents. Valerian comes back Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca baffled. Galen's gear is strewn all over the trail.
0) 612) dialog: You old trickster! The burning water! The lake of fire!
0) 614) dialog: He had it planned. He knew this was going to happen.
0) 616) dialog: We've got to go back, | want to talk to him! He heads back down the trail, leaving his belongings on t road.
0) 625) dialog: He couldn't walk вЂ” he knew he couldn't make the journey. So he had us make the journey for him! Don't you see? He jumps up and runs to the mouth of the lair.
0) 628) dialog: (brought up short) What? Why? No you're not, this is my job. Absolutely not. But Valerian springs to her feet and starts into the lair
0) 631) dialog: Stay close. Down and down they go. Soon they reach Elspeth's body.
0) 633) dialog: Never mind. Come on. But she pulls the torch from his hand and goes over to se
0) 634) dialog: All right. Wait here. He darts off. In the flickering torchlight Valerian can s the PrincessвЂ™ remains all too clearly. She suppresses a scream.
0) 637) dialog: Ex favilla, vita nova! Gripping the amulet with his free hand, he scatters Ulric ashes ina wide arc over the burning water. Instantly, the is an ominous rumble and the earth gives a shrug. But no wizard appears. No dragon, either. There follows another stronger quake. Galen crouches to keep his balance. Still wizard.
0) 645) dialog: Ulrich! Magister! Over here! I can see you! Over here!
0) 648) dialog: Wonder of wonders вЂ” you're back! | thank the powers that made me!
0) 650) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Food?
0) 653) dialog: Ulrich raises Galen to his feet.
0) 655) dialog: Wait, |have something to tell you.
0) 657) dialog: No it can't. Listen: | thought | was a sorcerer вЂ” but | wasn't. | thought | had power вЂ” but I didn't. | thought | was you вЂ” but I'm not. He hangs his head. Ulrich regards him steadily.
0) 670) dialog: Anything! The voices seem to be coming from a huge distance. Starli gleams whiz by, and fleeting glimpses of half-recognizabl faces and forms. The wizard's eyes are like glittering crystals. Tiny motes and planetoids dance in the hairs of his beard. He seems wreathed in luminescence.
0) 672) dialog: No!
0) 674) dialog: I can't.
0) 685) dialog: Valerian crawls away and comes back with a hefty chunk of granite.
0) 687) dialog: Not if it means killing him.
0) 689) dialog: Valerian wrestles the amulet away from Galen. It falls to the ground. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
0) 690) text: You heard what he said. She lifts the chunk of stone. Galen grabs for it.
0) 691) dialog: No! You can't!
0) 713) dialog: Yes.
0) 715) dialog: That too.
0) 717) dialog: Yes?
0) 720) dialog: A horse.
0) 722) text: No. It must have been wandering loose. Or wild. Galen climbs aboard. He reaches out to help her up.
0) 724) dialog: You don't want to wish it gone, do you? She thinks for a moment, then lets him help her up. Galen touches the horse's flanks with his heels and they ride o