4) 0) text: Two hands spill a brown powder onto a small mirror. A razor blade cuts the powder into lines. A rolled-up dollar bill lowers. ‘The lines are snorted, The snorter lifts his heaq up. Heisa short, chunky, balding old man -~ a Roz Chast kind of grandfather, This is GRANDPA, 80 years old, INT. DWAYNE’S BEDROOM - Day DWAYNE is a handsome, skinny fifteen year old with a moha He lies on his back in his bedroom, bench-pressing a barb JUMP CUTS; Dwayne does vertical sit-ups on a wall-mounted brace, Dwayne does vertical push-ups leaning against the wall, Dwayne breathes heavily, having finished his work-out. He walks to a home-made calender on the wall made from a roll of computer paper, It is marked, “Enlistment,” On the roll is a long grid of maybe a thousand squares. About half the squares have been filled in with magic mar Dwayne uncaps a magic marker and fills in one more squar
8) 0) text: Dwayne is at the dinner table, reading. Sheryl walks by.
9) 0) text: Dwayne sits in his chair, folds his arms, and -- scowling for everyone else to arrive. Frank tentatively follows. S comes out and puts her salad on the table.
11) 0) text: Richard, Frank, and Dwayne try to listen, eating silently
17) 0) text: Sheryl pleads with Dwayne.
18) 0) text: Richard is driving. Sheryl rides shotgun. Frank and Olive sit in the second row. Dwayne and Grandpa sit in back. Dwayne is wearing a T-shirt that says, “Jesus Was Wrong”. Olive wears a large set of headphones that completely cov her ears. She does little half-dancing moves to the music No one says anything. They’ve been driving a while. Grandpa’s arms hang limply by his side.
21) 0) text: Richard and Sheryl talk to a MECHANIC. Behind them, Olive and Grandpa are playing that game wher you try to slap the other person’s wrists. When Grandpa g hit, he reacts with cries of pain -- much to Olive’s deli In the background, across the lot, Dwayne and Frank sit o cinderblock wall, waiting for the situation to resolve it
22) 0) text: Frank and Dwayne sit silently. Dwayne watches bitterly -- this is just one more fiasco he’s been dragged into. Frank looks on wistfully as Sheryl -- thirty yards away - glances worriedly between Richard and the Mechanic. Frank notices Dwayne’s stare. He speaks without looking at Dway
22) 2) text: FRANK (cont'd) Your Mom was the cool one. She turned me on to Proust. She could’ve done anything. Dwayne looks at Frank -~- he can’t quite believe this. He takes out his pad, half-smirking, and writes: “What happened?” Frank looks at the pad, then at Dwayne. FRANK (cont’d) She had you, Dwayne. He pats Dwayne on the leg, gets up, and walks back toward Richard and Sheryl. Dwayne is left alone, taking this in.
26) 0) text: Richard is ina phone booth at a gas station / mini-mart. Everyone hangs out by the bus -- parked on a slight incli except Dwayne, who is doing push-ups on the grass nearby.
32) 0) text: Olive stands next to the phone booth. In the distance, the VW bus appears. It drives up and swings around the road. Dwayne slides open the door. They barely slow down. Olive dives in. The van coasts downhill. Then Richard shifts into gear and GUNS the engine.
34) 0) text: Dwayne lies on his bed staring at the ceiling. Through th walls we can HEAR Sheryl and Richard arguing very loudly.
36) 0) text: The fight continues. Dwayne listens, scowling.
38) 0) text: Frank re-enters from the bathroom wearing monogrammed sil pajamas, a sleeping mask on his head. Dwayne is in bed reading THUS SPOKE ZARATHUSTRA. Frank climbs into bed. Dwayne sits up, looks at Frank, concerned.
52) 0) text: Everyone sits silently in a waiting room, waiting for new Olive, bored, goes through a rack of medical flyers. She takes one She takes and approaches Dwayne.
57) 0) text: Richard ducks back in. He tosses his car keys to Dwayne.
59) 0) text: Dwayne slides the door shut. They’re giddy and breathless from the escape. They quickly sober up.
61) 0) text: The dialogue below plays over the following shots. The family drives in silence, each looking out the window Richard drives -- stoic, determined. Sheryl is pensive. She sneaks glances at Richard. Frank, subdued, watches Sheryl. He rubs Olive on the hea Olive, headphones around her neck, stares out the window. Dwayne lies across the back seat, staring up. DWAYNE’S POV -- Passing power lines undulate against the From the back, we see the highway passing as each person lost in a reverie. Sheryl, in the front, looks at Richard, reaches over and Richard's neck. Richard glances at her, keeps driving.
70) 0) text: They are cruising. The horn HONKS in occasional spurts. Everyone ignores it. Olive plays with an eye chart she go at the hospital. She points at a diminishing set of “E”s Dwayne is in the back seat, holding a hand over one eye a pointing his finger up, down, or Sideways to correspond t the rotation of the “EB”, Dwayne makes it through the cha
70) 24) dialog: Fuck!!! (beat) Fuck!!! The others get out of the car and watch him.
70) 29) dialog: I’m not going. 74.
70) 31) dialog: I’m not! I don’t care! I’m not getting in that bus again!
70) 33) dialog: You’re not my family! I don’t want to be your family! I hate you fucking people! I hate you! (he points at them) Divorce! Bankrupt! Suicide! You're losers! You’re fucking losers! Everyone is stunned by this outburst. Dwayne puts his han over his eyes and sits down again. DWAYNE (cont'd) Just leave me, Mom. Please? Just leave me here. Sheryl gets up and walks back to the others.
70) 40) dialog: Okay, let’s go. He walks back to the others. His voice is automatic. DWAYNE (contd) I apologize for the things I said. I was upset. I didn’t really mean them.
71) 0) text: Richard is weaving through traffic -- the engine’s REVVIN VERY HIGH. Richard, Sheryl, Olive, and Frank are looking ahead intently. Dwayne is slouched in the back, staring a “nothing. The horn has tapered off to an occasional HONK. Frank checks his watch.
73) 0) text: A quiet, empty room. Frank and Dwayne enter, dropping the luggage on the floor Dwayne immediately walks to a bed in the corner of the ro and lies facing the wall. Frank surveys the room with a jaundiced eye. He walks over, peers out the window. Frank turns, looks at Dwayne lying on the bed. He walks over, settles into a chair, pulls out his NY Times.
77) 0) text: Sheryl and Olive enter. Dwayne is still on the bed facing the wall. Frank is slumped in a chair, staring at nothing
81) 2) dialog: Let’s get out of here.
84) 0) text: Richard finds his reserved seats -- four seats on the ais He sits in the fourth seat and lays his jacket across the other three, saving them for Sheryl, Dwayne, and Frank. The guy next to him is a grizzled BIKER sitting impassive with his arms folded. Richard tries to be friendly.
85) 0) text: A glorious, sunny day. The ocean stretches out to infinit Dwayne and Frank, in swim trunks, are ata surfboard renta shop on the beach. The ocean’s dead calm. Frank is handin money to a DUDE at the shop. Dwayne looks out at the wate
85) 1) dialog: There’s no waves, Frank.
87) 0) text: Frank and Dwayne paddle straight out into the ocean. It’s calm, but the shore is a long way away. Dwayne looks back
87) 1) dialog: How far are we?
87) 3) dialog: You wanna stop? Frank shrugs. They stop. Frank looks down into the water. 92.
87) 5) dialog: How far is it?
90) 2) dialog: Frank. ..? (Frank looks over) What‘d it feel like when you cut your wrists? Frank takes a breath.
90) 4) dialog: Sometimes I wish I could just go to sleep until I was eighteen. Just skip all this crap -- high school and everything. Just skip it... He shakes his head.
90) 7) dialog: He’s the guy you teach?
90) 9) dialog: You know what...? (Frank looks over) Fuck beauty contests. It’s like life is one fucking beauty contest after another these days. School, then college, then work. Fuck it. Fuck the Naval Academy. Fuck the MacArthur Foundation. If I want to fly, I‘1ll find a way to fly. You do what you love and fuck the rest. Frank stares at Dwayne, impressed. Dwayne glances at Fran who tries to play it cool. 95.
90) 11) dialog: You got me, Frank. Maybe we can stay out here forever. A beat. They look at each other. DWAYNE (cont’d) We should go. They begin paddling back to shore.
92) 0) text: Frank exits a T-shirt shop and throws a shirt Dwayne.
94) 0) text: Frank and Dwayne enter and stride towards the doors of th auditorium. A pant-suited GRANDMA is sneaking a smoke.
94) 3) dialog: I’m going backstage.
95) 0) text: Dwayne strides through the backstage, looking for Sheryl Olive. With his wet Mohawk and LOSER t-shirt, he stands o A PAGEANT OFFICER tries to stop him.
95) 2) dialog: No. He continues walking. Everywhere there are little blond g crying, whining, or lolling about. All the mothers are ov dressed, over-coiffed, and over-stressed. It’s depressing He stops, turns to a little PRINCESS slouched on a sofa. DWAYNE (cont’d) Hey. Where are the dressing rooms? 97.
95) 4) dialog: Just tell me where the dressing rooms are.
96) 18) dialog: Better. Where’s Olive?
96) 21) dialog: rr sotto) Io don’t want Olive doing this.
96) 24) dialog: Mom, look around! This Place is fucked! Tf don’t want these People judging Olive! Fuck them!
96) 27) dialog: It’s not too late! You're the Mom! You're Supposed to protect her! Sheryl stares at him. a clipboard-wielding, head-set wear ASSISTANT passes by and calls out.
96) 29) dialog: She’s not a beauty queen, Mom...
97) 0) text: Olive stands near the doorway, listening, Her face betray nothing. Dwayne’s VOICE is faint but clear.
97) 1) dialog: +. She’s just not. INT. BACKSTAGE -— NIGHT Sheryl and Dwayne stare at each other,
99) 0) text: Sheryl puts a hand on Dwayne’s shoulder.
100) 0) text: Frank re-enters. Dwayne and Sheryl are coming the other w
100) 2) dialog: She's going on. They enter the auditorium together.
101) 0) text: Yet another LITTLE BLOND GIRL is onstage, taking her bows polite APPLAUSE. Richard leads Sheryl, Dwayne, and Frank their seats. The MC comes on stage.
101) 20) dialog: Holy shit...!
102) 0) text: Richard, Sheryl, Olive, Frank, and Dwayne sit -- dazed -- office. They’re all handcuffed together, except Olive. Nothing’s happening. Flourescent lights HUM. Frank and Dwayne are still wearing their “LOSER” T-shirts Boxes of pageant materials -- trophies, sashes, tiaras -- stacked around them. Sheryl quietly eyes Richard, slouched next to her, and sm to herself. Her eyes drift to a nearby carton of tiaras. A door OPENS. They all look over. A COP appears, starts taking off their handcuffs.
103) 0) text: Richard, Sheryl, Olive, Frank, and Dwayne step into the lobby. It’s deserted. Decorations and banners litter the floor. They wander out, dazed, rubbing their wrists. Sheryl approaches Richard, takes a tiara from behind her back, places it on his head. Richard accepts it wryly.
103) 6) dialog: You were incredible.