3) 0) text: Ina wheelchair, Parked against a wall, is Sheryl’s brothe FRANK, also middle-ayed. His wrists are wrapped in bandag With empty eyes, he listens to the muted VOICE of the Doc coming from the hallway.
3) 6) dialog: Sheryl. Fighting tears, she goes and hugs him.
3) 8) dialog: Well. That’s one of us.
5) 0) text: Sheryl drives Frank home from the hospital. They say nothing. Sheryl sneaks glances at Frank. Hesitantly:
5) 2) dialog: No.
6) 0) text: An empty kitchen. A phone and answering machine sit in th FOREGROUND. The message light is BLINKING. In the background, through a doorway, the front door open Sheryl and Frank enter Carrying several bags and suitcase
7) 0) text: She leads Frank down a hallway. He follows Passively.
8) 24) dialog: Dinner? (Dwayne nods) What? You don’t talk anymore? (Dwayne shakes his head) Why not? Dwayne rolls his eyes and half-shrugs. FRANK (cont‘’d) You can talk. You just choose not to? Then he points to the bed-sheet painting of Dwayne nods. Frank turns and looks. Nietzsche hanging on his wall. iu. PRANK (cont'd) Is that Nietzsche? You don’t speak because of Friedrich Nietzsche? Dwayne nods, turns and leaves. Frank considers this. FRANK (cont’d) Far out.
9) 0) text: Dwayne sits in his chair, folds his arms, and -- scowling for everyone else to arrive. Frank tentatively follows. S comes out and puts her salad on the table.
9) 3) dialog: Got a girlfriend? Dwayne looks at Frank, then shakes his head. FRANK (cont’d) Boyfriend? Dwayne gives Frank a look. FRANK (cont’d) Kidding. Kidding. I know. (beat) So who do you hang out with? pled Dwayne shakes his head. FRANK (cont’d) No one? There must be someone. ..! (Dwayne shakes his head) You don’t hang out with anyone? Oh come on. You must have one friend! Dwayne reaches in his back pocket and pulls o pad of paper. He flips it ut a palm-sizeq open and scribbles a note. He shows it to Frank, It reads: ne hate everyone." FRANK (cont’d) What about your family? Dwayne scribbles again. Everyone? He shows it to Frank. Thate everyone!!! He’s underlined "everyone" It now reads: three times. Frank looks at him. FRANK (cont’d) You hate me? Dwayne considers this. He scribbles a new note. It reads: "Not yet.” FRANK (cont’d) Fair enoug! They go back to sitting in silence. Richard comes out.
9) 5) dialog: Richard... They shake, Richard sits down, Silence. Richard stands up.
9) 8) dialog: Thanks, Sheryl. She pours him a cup, sits down, and starts opening contai of cole slaw and mashed potatoes. Richard returns to the table, sits, and grabs a piece of chicken from the bucket. Dwayne follows suit, as does Fra The meal begins. Three seconds of silence. FRANK (cont'd) So, Sheryl... f couldn't help notice Dwayne has stopped speaking.
9) 10) dialog: You’ve taken a vow of silence?! Dwayne nods.
9) 12) dialog: (to Dwayne) You're kidding... 1 Dwayne stares at Frank. He’s not kidding. Olive enters th room, with Grandpa following.
9) 14) dialog: Olive. Boy, you’re gettin’ big! (to Sheryl) Is she big for her age? Sheryl nods, Olive, unprompted, walks over and gives hima kiss on the cheek. She sees the bandages on Frank’s wrist ae
9) 17) dialog: No, it’s okay. I had a little accident. I’m okay now.
9) 29) dialog: When did you start? With the vow? Dwayne shrugs. He doesn’t care to comment.
9) 37) dialog: How did what happen? 15.
9) 40) dialog: No, it's okay. Unless you object...
9) 42) dialog: Be my guest...
9) 48) dialog: I tried to kill myself because I was very unhappy.
9) 54) dialog: Well, there were a lot of reasons. Mainly, though, I fell in love with someone who didn’t love me back...
9) 56) dialog: One of my grad students. I was very much in love with him.
9) 58) dialog: Ves) i did. Very much. so. This is new to Olive. She thinks it over.
9) 60) dialog: You're right. It was very, very silly.
9) 66) dialog: Larry Sugarman is perhaps the second most highly regarded Proust scholar in the U.S.
9) 68) dialog: That would be me, Rich.
9) 70) dialog: Well, no. What happened was: I was a bit upset. I did some things I shouldn’t have done. Subsequently, I was fired, forced to leave my apartment and move into a motel.
9) 72) dialog: (hesitates) Well, no. Actually, all that was okay. What happened was: two days ago the MacArthur Foundation decided to award a “genius” grant to Larry Sugarman. (deep breath) And that’s when...
9) 74) dialog: Yes. And I failed at that as well.
9) 78) dialog: Is he always like this? (Dwayne nods) How can you stand it? Dwayne writes a note, shows it to Frank. It reads: “T can’t.” Frank nods. Richard addresses Olive.
9) 80) dialog: Olive. Why are you doing a dance routine?
9) 82) dialog: (arch) A-ha! Just as I suspected...!
9) 86) dialog: (to Olive) So what do you think your chances are? Olive takes the question like a pro.
9) 88) dialog: Well, good luck.
9) 95) dialog: When were you in Florida?
11) 0) text: Richard, Frank, and Dwayne try to listen, eating silently
16) 0) text: Sheryl enters. Richard and Grandpa follow. Frank and Dway are finishing up. Sheryl tosses the popsicles on the tabl ene
16) 7) dialog: None taken.
17) 3) dialog: ‘This...is...unfair...All...I... ask...is...that...you...leave... me...alone.” Dwayne stops writing, folds his arms. In the background, HEAR Olive packing. Sheryl turns to Dwayne.
17) 5) dialog: “But...I/m...not...going...to... have,..any...fun!!!" He puts his hand on Dwayne’s shoulder, FRANK (cont‘d) We're all with you on that one, Dwayne. Olive re-enters, lugging her suitcase -- she is breathles flushed with excitement.
18) 0) text: Richard is driving. Sheryl rides shotgun. Frank and Olive sit in the second row. Dwayne and Grandpa sit in back. Dwayne is wearing a T-shirt that says, “Jesus Was Wrong”. Olive wears a large set of headphones that completely cov her ears. She does little half-dancing moves to the music No one says anything. They’ve been driving a while. Grandpa’s arms hang limply by his side.
18) 15) dialog: What happened at Sunset Village?
18) 16) text: Frank, don’t encourage him.
18) 19) dialog: You started snorting heroin?!
18) 21) dialog: You know, that stuff'll kill you.
18) 23) dialog: What about you?
18) 27) dialog: So I take it you didn’t like it at Sunset Village?
18) 29) dialog: Aren’t there other places?
18) 32) dialog: You must’ve been pretty busy.
18) 61) dialog: Actually, Olive...? “A la mode” in French translates literally as “in the fashion”. A...la...mode. Mode is derived from the Latin “modus”, meaning due or proper measure. ‘There's kind of a funny story about...
18) 82) dialog: You mind if I have a little? Olive shakes her head. Frank and Dwayne dig in. Even Sher gets in on the act. Richard is not amused.
21) 0) text: Richard and Sheryl talk to a MECHANIC. Behind them, Olive and Grandpa are playing that game wher you try to slap the other person’s wrists. When Grandpa g hit, he reacts with cries of pain -- much to Olive’s deli In the background, across the lot, Dwayne and Frank sit o cinderblock wall, waiting for the situation to resolve it
22) 0) text: Frank and Dwayne sit silently. Dwayne watches bitterly -- this is just one more fiasco he’s been dragged into. Frank looks on wistfully as Sheryl -- thirty yards away - glances worriedly between Richard and the Mechanic. Frank notices Dwayne’s stare. He speaks without looking at Dway
22) 1) dialog: I don’t know if you know this, but growing up? (MORE)
22) 2) text: FRANK (cont'd) Your Mom was the cool one. She turned me on to Proust. She could’ve done anything. Dwayne looks at Frank -~- he can’t quite believe this. He takes out his pad, half-smirking, and writes: “What happened?” Frank looks at the pad, then at Dwayne. FRANK (cont’d) She had you, Dwayne. He pats Dwayne on the leg, gets up, and walks back toward Richard and Sheryl. Dwayne is left alone, taking this in.
23) 0) text: Frank wanders in as Richard presses the Mechanic. Grandpa and Olive stop their game and join the conversation.
24) 5) dialog: I just want everyone here to know I’m the pre-eminent Proust scholar in the United States,
24) 10) dialog: (to Dwayne) “No one gets left behind! No one gets left behind!” Outstanding, soldier! Outstanding! Frank salutes him. Dwayne smiles, embarrassed. INT./EXT, vw BUS, ON THE ROAD - Day -— DRIVING MONTAGE The VW drives down an on-ramp onto the Interstate. Boe The VW cruises down I-95. Signs pass. Scenery goes by. Inside the bus, everyone just stares out the windows. Later, Grandpa is doing magic tricks for Olive. He produc a quarter from behind her ear and gives it to her. Later, everyone is playing rock, paper, scissors. Still later, everyone is back to doing nothing.
25) 0) text: Richard is pitching his business to Frank, who is bored, not as bored as he would be doing nothing. He is slouched down, barely moving. Richard, however, is in full sell mo
25) 2) dialog: Wow.
25) 4) dialog: Interesting...!
25) 6) dialog: How about that...!
25) 8) dialog: What sarcasm?!
25) 10) dialog: You do? Good.
25) 12) dialog: It is?! Really?!
25) 14) dialog: Wow, Richard! You’ve really opened my eyes to what a loser I am! Say, how much do I owe you for those pearls of wisdom?
25) 17) dialog: (pointing) “He started it!” Even Sheryl has to laugh a little at this. Pretty soon, everyone in the back is giggling. Even Dwayne smiles.
25) 19) dialog: I know!
27) 5) dialog: I’m gonna get a drink. You guys want anything? Dwayne shakes his head, but Grandpa pulls out his wallet.
28) 0) text: Frank stands at the counter, pointing out behind-the-coun magazines to a middle-aged Indian-American PROPRIETOR.
28) 1) dialog: That one. That one. And let’s try that one. No, down... Yeah, that one. And a small grape Slushee. By the front window, a good-looking YOUNG MAN is perusing newsstand, cradling a grocery bag. He stops and stares.
28) 3) dialog: I’m...on a trip. What about...? I thought you were...
28) 6) dialog: hiner. fem fine:
28) 8) dialog: Yeah. No, I quit. I quit. Enough’s enough, you know? 43.
28) 10) dialog: Yah.
28) 12) dialog: I’m... Weighing my options. You know. Taking time off.
28) 16) dialog: Yeah. You too.
28) 18) dialog: You too. The Young Man turns and exits. Frank hands over a $20 bil He watches the Young Man walk off while the Proprietor pu the magazines in a brown wrapper and hands Frank his chan Frank takes a few steps and peers out the window. HIS POV -- The Young Man gets into a Jaguar convertible driven by a distinguished-looking BEARDED MAN. The Young Man says something and points back at the store The Bearded Man turns and cranes his neck. Frank, in the store, ducks out of view. ‘The Young Man an the Bearded Man exchange a few words, then shrug and laug
28) 19) text: Then they drive off. Frank watches, heartbroken. Behind him, the Proprietor picks up the Slushee and waves it.
30) 2) dialog: How's it going?
31) 0) text: Silence. Everyone avoids everyone else’s eyes. Finally, Frank glances around.
31) 1) dialog: Where’s Olive?
32) 15) dialog: We'll be fine. Dwayne nods. Sheryl kisses Dwayne and Olive.
34) 6) dialog: Hey. Don’t listen to that. Come on, let's watch the tube. He turns on the TV. Dwayne sits up and turns the TV off. lies down, stares at the ceiling again. Frank looks at hi
34) 7) dialog: I’m gonna brush my teeth. He turns and goes back to the bathroom.
38) 0) text: Frank re-enters from the bathroom wearing monogrammed sil pajamas, a sleeping mask on his head. Dwayne is in bed reading THUS SPOKE ZARATHUSTRA. Frank climbs into bed. Dwayne sits up, looks at Frank, concerned.
38) 1) dialog: What? Dwayne shows his pad of paper to Frank. It reads: “Please don’t kill yourself tonight” Frank shakes his head. FRANK (cont’d) Not on your watch. I wouldn’t do that to you. Dwayne nods, relieved. Frank pulls his sleeping mask over his eyes, lies back. Dwayne leans over, turns out the lig
58) 2) dialog: Not yet... Not yet... The Nurses pass out of sight. FRANK (cont’d) Okay -- go, go, go! Richard disappears for a second, then reappears with a bi bundle wrapped in a sheet. He hoists it into the window.
58) 4) dialog: Okay! Here we go! One, two... Frank, Dwayne, Sheryl and Olive lift the bundle together scuttle across the parking lot to the VW bus fifty feet a An ELDERLY COUPLE walking fifty yards away observes them. FRANK (cont’d) Be cool. Be cool. Almost there. They arrive at the bus. 63. Dwayne whips open the VW’s back door (a hatchback that hi your luggage) and they hoist the bundle in. Frank slams t door closed. Richard comes sprinting into the parking lot
58) 6) dialog: Any time, Rich! Richard starts up the bus, gets out and helps them push. They get the bus rolling. The lot is at a slight incline, which helps. Finally, Richard jumps behind the wheel.
58) 8) dialog: Did I mention I’m the pre-eminent Proust scholar in the US? Richard REVS the engine and puts it in third. The bus beg picking up speed. Dwayne and Frank sprint along side. This time, Dwayne is prepared to push Frank up along-side bus. Frank lunges in. Dwayne jumps in after him.
59) 4) dialog: And when does registration end?
59) 6) dialog: It's gonna be close.
61) 0) text: The dialogue below plays over the following shots. The family drives in silence, each looking out the window Richard drives -- stoic, determined. Sheryl is pensive. She sneaks glances at Richard. Frank, subdued, watches Sheryl. He rubs Olive on the hea Olive, headphones around her neck, stares out the window. Dwayne lies across the back seat, staring up. DWAYNE’S POV -- Passing power lines undulate against the From the back, we see the highway passing as each person lost in a reverie. Sheryl, in the front, looks at Richard, reaches over and Richard's neck. Richard glances at her, keeps driving.
61) 2) dialog: That’s an excellent question, Olive. Actually, the Hindus believe that you get as many lives as you want. Buddhists believe that you live many lives but at a certain point you reach Nirvana and cross the finish line. Christians believe you only get one life -- they don’t believe in do-overs.
61) 4) dialog: I dunno. I haven’t made my mind up. What about you?
61) 6) dialog: Even me?
61) 8) dialog: You promise?
61) 13) dialog: Five of two...! Sheryl looks worriedly at Richard. Richard steps on the g
61) 17) dialog: What happened?
61) 24) dialog: How many days ‘til you enlist? Dwayne pulls out his pad and writes. He shows it: 623” Frank contemplates this. . FRANK (cont ‘d) Maybe I can adopt you. Dwayne stares out the window. HONK! Silence. HOOONK!
63) 8) text: Sorry!!! Frank leans forward gleefully:
63) 9) dialog: Don’t apologize, Rich! It’s a sign of weakness! Richard ignores him.
70) 5) dialog: hes coor | Sheryl looks at Richard, who steps on the gas.
70) 8) dialog: You know where it is?
70) 12) dialog: You can’t see the “A”? It’s bright red. Can you see the difference between the green and the red? Dwayne shakes his head helplessly. Frank turns away. 72. FRANK (cont‘d) Oh, man. Dwayne looks at him. He pulls out his pad and writes: “What?” Frank doesn’t say anything. Dwayne points violently at th pad. Frank looks at him. Quietly: FRANK (cont'd) Dwayne. I think you’re colorblind. Dwayne doesn’t understand. He points at the pad again. FRANK (cont’d) You can’t fly jets in the Navy if you're colorblind. Dwayne does nothing. Then he seems to implode in on himse curling up in a ball. Frank shouts towards the front. FRANK (cont’d) Rich, pull over!
70) 14) dialog: We have an emergency back here!
70) 16) dialog: Just pull over!
70) 18) dialog: Sheryl, will you make him pull over?!
70) 26) dialog: He's colorblind. He can’t fly.
70) 36) dialog: I‘ll stay.
70) 41) dialog: (mock~tender) Dwayne... We know you did.
71) 0) text: Richard is weaving through traffic -- the engine’s REVVIN VERY HIGH. Richard, Sheryl, Olive, and Frank are looking ahead intently. Dwayne is slouched in the back, staring a “nothing. The horn has tapered off to an occasional HONK. Frank checks his watch.
71) 1) dialog: oe!
71) 4) dialog: 251
71) 7) text: The same. Frank checks his watch again.
71) 8) dialog: 
71) 15) dialog: 
71) 29) dialog: Three o’clock!
71) 39) dialog: We lost a tire, Rich!
72) 0) text: A big carpeted hotel lobby. The doors open and Frank comes in, breathless. He stops. The place is crawling with tiny blond girls and their stressed mothers. The girls are dressed, coiffed and made to within an inch of their life. Nearby, a CONTEST OFFICIAL is packing up her things behin table with a “Registration” banner. Frank sprints up to her. The others catch up and stand, looking on -- desperate, disshevelled, breathing hard.
72) 1) dialog: Hi, we’re here to register!
72) 3) dialog: But we have an entrant. Right here. We just need to check in.
72) 5) dialog: It's three now!
72) 18) dialog: Hello! Everyone?! We've just witnessed a great act of compassion and human kindness! Exhibit A: we’‘ve got Eva Braun here -- making the trains run on time, and B: Kirby! My man! Currently the greatest human being on the planet! Applause, please! He leads the others in applause. Everyone else in the lob ignores them, Kirby smiles, flips on the computer, They crowd around. 81.
72) 24) dialog: Hey. I’m getting a room. We’1l set up a base camp.
73) 0) text: A quiet, empty room. Frank and Dwayne enter, dropping the luggage on the floor Dwayne immediately walks to a bed in the corner of the ro and lies facing the wall. Frank surveys the room with a jaundiced eye. He walks over, peers out the window. Frank turns, looks at Dwayne lying on the bed. He walks over, settles into a chair, pulls out his NY Times.
73) 1) dialog: Hey, you know, facing the wall like that...? There’s no way you gonna stop me from killing myself. No way! I could be out the window before you even turn around. A beat. He opens up a Sunday New York Times. FRANK (cont’d) Sorry. He looks at Dwayne for a few beats, then shakes his head Opens up the Book Review section.
77) 0) text: Sheryl and Olive enter. Dwayne is still on the bed facing the wall. Frank is slumped in a chair, staring at nothing
77) 3) dialog: Hey, there’s an idea! The beach! Come on, we’ll walk over, go surfing, maybe meet some chicks... Whaddaya say?
78) 2) dialog: We’ll be there. Don’t worry. Qlive turns back frontal. She lets her stomach hang out. She’s not happy with what she sees -- also the first time
84) 0) text: Richard finds his reserved seats -- four seats on the ais He sits in the fourth seat and lays his jacket across the other three, saving them for Sheryl, Dwayne, and Frank. The guy next to him is a grizzled BIKER sitting impassive with his arms folded. Richard tries to be friendly.
85) 0) text: A glorious, sunny day. The ocean stretches out to infinit Dwayne and Frank, in swim trunks, are ata surfboard renta shop on the beach. The ocean’s dead calm. Frank is handin money to a DUDE at the shop. Dwayne looks out at the wate
85) 2) dialog: We don’t need waves. We'll just paddie out.
87) 0) text: Frank and Dwayne paddle straight out into the ocean. It’s calm, but the shore is a long way away. Dwayne looks back
87) 2) dialog: I dunno. Quarter mile?
87) 4) dialog: Hey. Think you can touch bottom?
87) 6) dialog: Must be ten, twelve feet. Come on! Y’ready? On your mark, get set... They dive down into the water.
88) 1) dialog: Victory! Yes! They rest on their surfboards, breathing hard. Then, without waiting, Dwayne dives down in the water aga
90) 1) dialog: Man, it’s beautiful out here. (beat) I don’t know if I believe in God, but the ocean -- it’s always here for you: infinitely bigger than you are, and completely indifferent. So... My version of God.
90) 3) dialog: You know, I wish I could tell you I felt bad. But I didn’t. I was... Outside the world, y’know? It was very peaceful. (beat) But, I’m feeling that way now, too, so... He shrugs. Dwayne nods. He looks out to sea.
90) 6) dialog: Y’ever hear of Marcel Proust?
90) 8) dialog: Yeah. French writer. Total loser. Never had a real job. Unrequited love affairs. Gay. Spent twenty years writing a book almost no one reads. But...he was also probably the greatest writer since Shakespeare. Anyway, he gets down to the end of his life, he looks back and he decides that all the years he suffered -- those were the best years of his life. Because they made him who he was. They forced him to think and grow, and to feel very deeply. And the years he was happy? Total waste. Didn't learn anything. Dwayne grins. FRANK (cont’d) So, if you sleep til you're eighteen... (scoffs) ...Think of the suffering you’d miss! High school’s your prime suffering years. You don’t get better suffering than that! Unless you go into academia, but that’s a different story. They share a smile. Dwayne gazes out to sea. A beat.
90) 10) dialog: I’m glad you‘re talking again, Dwayne. You’re not nearly as stupid as you look. Dwayne smiles. Frank looks around. FRANK (cont’d) So now what do we do?
92) 0) text: Frank exits a T-shirt shop and throws a shirt Dwayne.
92) 1) dialog: I can’t believe we found these. I hope they fit. As they stride up the boardwalk, he strips off his shirt puts on his new T-shirt. In big block letters, it says: “LOSER” Dwayne puts on his. It’s the same. Frank looks at him. FRANK (cont‘d) You're every mother’s dream, Dwayne. Come on. They head off.
94) 0) text: Frank and Dwayne enter and stride towards the doors of th auditorium. A pant-suited GRANDMA is sneaking a smoke.
94) 1) dialog: Is it over?
94) 4) dialog: Right. See ya. Dwayne heads off as Frank leans against a wall, recoverin
100) 0) text: Frank re-enters. Dwayne and Sheryl are coming the other w
100) 1) dialog: Is she going on?
101) 0) text: Yet another LITTLE BLOND GIRL is onstage, taking her bows polite APPLAUSE. Richard leads Sheryl, Dwayne, and Frank their seats. The MC comes on stage.
101) 8) dialog: Where are those fuckers?! I'll kill ‘em! 103. Then Olive finds what she’s looking for: Kirby, in the sound booth. He nods at her. She nods at him. Then Olive turns around, her back to the audience. Kirby turns a VOLUME knob up to “6”. He hits “play”. {The music clearly depends on the rights. For specificity we’ll use “Peach” by Prince.] A BLAST of hard rock 12 bar blues comes out of the speake Everyone is surprised. The music is hard-driving and nasty. It is completely different from the other pageant music we’ve heard so far For the first four measures, with Prince saying, “Here sh comes,” and “She got them gold hot-pants on again,” Olive barely moves, rocking her shoulders and hips to the beat. Dwayne, Frank, Sheryl, and Richard all glance at each oth This is not what they expected. No one knows what to make of Olive rocking, her back turn However, when the first verse begins, Olive turns and str up the stage -- hands on hips, shoulders swinging -- with absolute and spectacular physical self-confidence. She rocks out, busting crazy moves this stage has never s shakes, shimmies, twirls, dips, undulations ~- a melange rump-shakin’, Solid Gold Dancers re-runs, and out-of-left inventions of her own. Other moves are clearly drawn from Grandpa’s sixty-year career of strip-bar patronage. She dances with a total command -- an exuberant, even wit mastery of her body, the music, the moves, everything. Most of all, she’s doing it for herself -- for her own se of fun -- and the judges are instantly irrelevant. The audience is stunned. No one moves, Mouths hang open. Sheryl, Frank, and Dwayne gape. Richard is baffled.
101) 21) dialog: (to Sheryl) You married that guy? Sheryl shakes her head -- she can’t believe it either. Frank runs down the aisle, jumps on stage, and dances nex Richard -- a surprisingly competent set of butt-wagging, party-music moves. Dwayne follows Frank up on stage. Sheryl pauses a moment and watches her family. Richard waves to Sheryl to join them. A beat. Then Sheryl walks, then runs, and jumps up on sta Richard helps her up, and they dance together. Kirby cranks it to “10”. MUSIC is overpowering everything As the songs winds up, Sheryl lines up next to Olive for unified series of thrusts. As the final cymbal crashes, Olive pulls up her shirt to reveal “Peach” is written on her tummy with magic marker. Audience MEMBERS respond with a standing ovation. Frank and Dwayne strut around with their arms in the air, like victorious professional wrestlers. 107. Richard picks up Olive, swings her in the air. Sheryl wal over and hugs Richard and Olive.
102) 0) text: Richard, Sheryl, Olive, Frank, and Dwayne sit -- dazed -- office. They’re all handcuffed together, except Olive. Nothing’s happening. Flourescent lights HUM. Frank and Dwayne are still wearing their “LOSER” T-shirts Boxes of pageant materials -- trophies, sashes, tiaras -- stacked around them. Sheryl quietly eyes Richard, slouched next to her, and sm to herself. Her eyes drift to a nearby carton of tiaras. A door OPENS. They all look over. A COP appears, starts taking off their handcuffs.
102) 4) dialog: (hesitates) I think we can live with that.
103) 0) text: Richard, Sheryl, Olive, Frank, and Dwayne step into the lobby. It’s deserted. Decorations and banners litter the floor. They wander out, dazed, rubbing their wrists. Sheryl approaches Richard, takes a tiara from behind her back, places it on his head. Richard accepts it wryly.
103) 5) dialog: You were beyond great.
104) 2) text: Luy. RICHARD (cont'd) He’s crawling around in this garbage, cursing like a pirate -- looking for this ticket that I threw away -- and all of a sudden he goes, “Richard, don’t drop the light!” And I go, “Don’t what?” (mimes holding light) And he goes, “Drop the fucking light!!!" So I go... (mimes dropping light) Right in the water! He’s like... (mimes electric shock) Ahhhaahhhaahhhaahhhhhh! ! ! (appalled laughter) I run back, unplug the light, run to the dumpster ~- he’s lying there, rain is pouring down... And he’s got the ticket! This twelve hundred dollar trifecta ticket! And I’m like, “Dad! Dad, are you okay?” And he looks at me and all he says is: “Richard... Don’t ever have children.” Everyone bursts out laughing. RICHARD (cont’d) To me, he says that! To me! The mirth tapers off. They glance at each other. Frank holds up his bottle of Diet Sprite.
104) 3) dialog: Here’s to Grandpa.