4) 0) text: Two hands spill a brown powder onto a small mirror. A razor blade cuts the powder into lines. A rolled-up dollar bill lowers. ‘The lines are snorted, The snorter lifts his heaq up. Heisa short, chunky, balding old man -~ a Roz Chast kind of grandfather, This is GRANDPA, 80 years old, INT. DWAYNE’S BEDROOM - Day DWAYNE is a handsome, skinny fifteen year old with a moha He lies on his back in his bedroom, bench-pressing a barb JUMP CUTS; Dwayne does vertical sit-ups on a wall-mounted brace, Dwayne does vertical push-ups leaning against the wall, Dwayne breathes heavily, having finished his work-out. He walks to a home-made calender on the wall made from a roll of computer paper, It is marked, “Enlistment,” On the roll is a long grid of maybe a thousand squares. About half the squares have been filled in with magic mar Dwayne uncaps a magic marker and fills in one more squar
9) 22) dialog: A couple of days. It needs a polish. Olive sits. Grandpa walks to the table. . GRANDPA (cont’d) What is this?! Chicken?! Every day it’s the chicken! Holy God almighty! Is it possible, just one time, we could have something for dinner except the goddamn fucking chicken?! Sheryl ignores him. Richard tries to cut him off.
9) 24) dialog: I’m just saying...!
9) 26) dialog: Christ. Y'know, at Sunset Village...
9) 28) dialog: (waves dismissively) Abbhh...! He takes out a piece of chicken and starts eating. A tens silence. Frank tries to get things going again.
9) 61) dialog: There’s another word for it...
9) 73) dialog: ...You tried to check out early.
13) 4) dialog: What happened?
15) 0) text: Sheryl enters carrying the bucket of chicken, the half-fi containers of potato salad and slaw, and used Paper plate Richard follows Sheryl. Grandpa follows Richard,
15) 3) dialog: I’m going.
15) 16) dialog: What ?! I coached her! I gave her the steps! I have to be there!
16) 0) text: Sheryl enters. Richard and Grandpa follow. Frank and Dway are finishing up. Sheryl tosses the popsicles on the tabl ene
16) 3) dialog: No! I’1l take her on a plane! Everyone ignores Grandpa. Sheryl considers Richard’s idea
18) 0) text: Richard is driving. Sheryl rides shotgun. Frank and Olive sit in the second row. Dwayne and Grandpa sit in back. Dwayne is wearing a T-shirt that says, “Jesus Was Wrong”. Olive wears a large set of headphones that completely cov her ears. She does little half-dancing moves to the music No one says anything. They’ve been driving a while. Grandpa’s arms hang limply by his side.
18) 1) dialog: Jesus, I’m tired. I am so fucking tired. (to Dwayne) You know how tired I am? If some girl came up to me...begged me to fuck her...I couldn’t do it. That’s how tired I am.
18) 3) dialog: She’s listening to the music...! (loud) Hey, Olive! I’11 give youa million dollars if you turn around! Olive is oblivious.
18) 5) dialog: Ahhh, the rest of you... (to Dwayne) Can I give you some advice? (Dwayne shakes his head) (MORE)
18) 6) text: GRANDPA (cont'd) I’ll do it anyway. I don’t want you making the same mistakes I did when I was young.
18) 8) dialog: Dwayne? This is the voice of experience talking. Are you listening? (Dwayne nods) Kid: Fuck a lot of women. Not just one woman. A lot of women. You're young...
18) 10) dialog: (ignores him) You gettin’ any right now? Tell me, really. Dwayne shakes his head. Frank, amused, can’t help but tur around to watch this conversation take place. GRANDPA (cont’d) Jesus! You're, what? Fifteen? You should be gettin’ that young stuff. There’s nothing in the world better than the young stuff!
18) 12) dialog: Would you kindly not interrupt me, Richard? (to Dwayne) Look: right now, you’re jailbait, they’re jailbait. So it’s fine. The minute you turn eighteen -- Bam! You're lookin’ at three to five.
18) 14) dialog: So pull over! You're not gonna shut me up! Fuck you! I lived 80 years! You’re like those fuckers at Sunset Village...!
18) 17) dialog: I‘1l tell you what happened! I pay my money, they let me in. I should be able to do what the fuck I want!
18) 20) dialog: I’m eighty!
18) 22) dialog: What am I, an idiot? (to Dwayne) And don’t you get ideas. When you’re young, you’re crazy to do that shit.
18) 24) dialog: Me?! I’m old! You get to be my age -- you’re crazy not to do it. Frank looks at Sheryl -- You're letting this happen? waves her hands, exasperated.
18) 28) dialog: Are you kidding? Fucking paradise there! They cook for you. Clean for you. You got golf. A pool. Now I’m stuck with Mr. Happy here, sleeping on a sofa! Sheryl ee eK 29.
18) 31) dialog: Motherfuckers, (to Frank) Hey, listen: I know you’re a homo, but... You go to one of these places? There’s four women for every guy. What does that say to you?
18) 33) dialog: Oh, man. They were knockin’ on my door day and night! It was almost too much! If I didn’t have those little fuckin’ blue pills... Forget about it! Olive sees Frank grinning at Grandpa. She takes off her headphones and’ turns around.
18) 35) dialog: Politics.
18) 37) dialog: (to Dwayne) Fuck a lot of women, kid. I got no reason to lie to you. Not just one woman. A lot of women. INT. DINER - pay Everyone sits in a round booth, looking at menus.
18) 44) dialog: The Lumberjack. Coffee. Extra bacon.
18) 49) dialog: Thank you, Sheryl. She shrugs. Dwayne holds up his note pad.
18) 73) dialog: Olive, Richard’s an idiot. I like a woman with meat on her bones. Olive is confused.
18) 81) dialog: Yeah, I'll have a bite. You mind? Dwayne? Frank? Olive’s giving away her ice-cream here. Dwayne and Frank quickly snap to.
18) 83) dialog: (loudly) Boy, this is good ice-cream! I feel sorry for the people at this table who aren’t enjoying delicious ice-cream early in the morning. Olive, you're not givin’ away all your ice-cream? What about your waffles? You can’t eat waffles without the ice-cream! You'll have lonely waffles in your stomach! C'mon, have a bite.
21) 0) text: Richard and Sheryl talk to a MECHANIC. Behind them, Olive and Grandpa are playing that game wher you try to slap the other person’s wrists. When Grandpa g hit, he reacts with cries of pain -- much to Olive’s deli In the background, across the lot, Dwayne and Frank sit o cinderblock wall, waiting for the situation to resolve it
23) 0) text: Frank wanders in as Richard presses the Mechanic. Grandpa and Olive stop their game and join the conversation.
27) 6) dialog: Yeah. Get me some born. Something really nasty. None of that air- brushed shit, alright? Here, here’s a twenty. Get a little treat for yourself too, if they got any fag-rags in there. Frank stares at Grandpa. Then, stoic, he takes the twenty and heads off. Dwayne and Grandpa turn back towards Richa 42.
30) 0) text: Grandpa, standing by the bus, reads Richard’s body langua Richard, in the booth, talks with increasing desperation.
30) 1) dialog: He’s not getting it. Christ. He and Dwayne share a look. Grandpa turns away, troubled. Frank walks stiffly back to the bus with his Slushee and wrapper. Without looking, he hands the wrapper to Grandpa
30) 3) dialog: Not so good. Sheryl walks back to the VW as Richard hangs up the phone Richard stays in the booth for a second. Then he exits th and walks back to the VW, passing Sheryl.
32) 1) text: INT. vw Bus - ON THE ROAD — DAY Richard drives, Everyone is tense except Olive, who liste to her headphones. Finally, Grandpa gets up and walks up the front of the bus. He speaks quietly to Richard,
32) 2) dialog: Richard, .
32) 4) dialog: Listen, whatever happens ~~ at least you tried to do something on your own, which is more than most People ever do, and I include myself in that Category, rt takes guts, ang I’m proud Of you for taking the chance, okay?
32) 11) dialog: Okay. I got two beds. You could still use some rehearsing...
37) 0) text: Grandpa tucks Olive -- in pajamas -- into bed. It’s quiet can’t hear Sheryl and Richard fighting.
37) 1) dialog: There you go. Snug as a bug in a rug.
37) 3) dialog: Yeah? She hesitates.
37) 5) dialog: Olive, you're gonna blow ‘em out of the water. I guarantee it. They won't know what hit ‘em. She smiles. He’s about to leave her when...
37) 8) dialog: You’re not a loser, Olive! Why do you say that?!
37) 10) dialog: But you’re not a loser! And your Dad would never hate you, ever!
37) 12) dialog: Whoa, whoa, back up a second. You can’t lose. You know why? Because a real loser isn’t someone who doesn’t win. A real loser ig someone who’s so afraid of not winning they don’t even try. That’s not you! You're in the contest! You’re gonna dance! So even if you win, or you don’t win, you’ve already won! See? You see? You-see-you-see-you-see? He tickles her. She squeals. He stops, brushes her hair.
37) 13) dialog: I think we're gonna have fun tomorrow. You think? (she nods) Okay. I’m gonna get ready for bed. Goodnight. Sleep tight.
39) 0) text: Grandpa enters and locks the door. ile He opens his shaving kit and takes out a small mirror and tiny ziploc baggie filled with light brown powder.
57) 8) text: oz. RICHARD (cont'd) If there’s one thing Grandpa would've wanted, it’s to have Olive perform at the Little Miss Sunshine pageant. I believe we’d be doing a grave disservice to his memory if we gave up now. There’s two kinds of people in the world: winners and losers. And what’s the difference? Winners don’t give up. So what are we here? Are we winners? Or losers? CcuT TO:
82) 0) text: Richard -- holding the box of Grandpa’s stuff -- finds a bench and sits down. He seems shaken. Around him, the pre-pageant hubbub is at a fever pitch. He flips through Grandpa’s stuff -- keys, glasses, gum. 88. He looks up and surveys the frenetic activity -- mothers combing their daughters’ hair, little girls practicing ba moves, girls crying, girls laughing and chasing each othe Then, across the lobby, the elevator doors open and Shery and Olive step off carrying garment bags and travel cases Richard gets up and intercepts them. Sheryl sees him comi