21) 0) text: Richard and Sheryl talk to a MECHANIC. Behind them, Olive and Grandpa are playing that game wher you try to slap the other person’s wrists. When Grandpa g hit, he reacts with cries of pain -- much to Olive’s deli In the background, across the lot, Dwayne and Frank sit o cinderblock wall, waiting for the situation to resolve it
21) 1) dialog: Well, you got a problem. Your clutch is shot.
21) 3) dialog: Well, I tell you what: These old buses? We’d have to order it.
21) 5) dialog: Well, it’s the weekend, so... Maybe Thursday? Richard and Sheryl react.
22) 0) text: Frank and Dwayne sit silently. Dwayne watches bitterly -- this is just one more fiasco he’s been dragged into. Frank looks on wistfully as Sheryl -- thirty yards away - glances worriedly between Richard and the Mechanic. Frank notices Dwayne’s stare. He speaks without looking at Dway
23) 0) text: Frank wanders in as Richard presses the Mechanic. Grandpa and Olive stop their game and join the conversation.
23) 2) dialog: Well, you could call over to Clarksville, but they’re probably closed. Y’know, it’s the weekend.
23) 4) dialog: Well, I tell you what: these old buses? You don’t need a clutch to shift from third to fourth. You just ease up on the gas. You only really need the clutch for first and second. Richard doesn’t understand what he’s getting at. MECHANIC (cont’d) What I’m sayin’ is: as long as you keep parkin’ on a hill, you get yourself goin’ fifteen, twenty miles an hour, and you just start up in third. Then you shift between third and fourth.
23) 6) dialog: Oh, yeah. The problem's just getting up that speed up. As long as you keep parkin’ it on a hill, you're fine. My brother and I once drove from here to Canada...
23) 8) dialog: What?
23) 10) dialog: Well, I tell you what: You get enough people -- you just get behind there and push. Just push it up to ten, fifteen miles an hour, and you just go. Everybody jump inside, and you just go! They all stare at him.
24) 0) text: Richard's at the wheel of the bus. Everyone else, includi the Mechanic, is behind the bus. The sliding door is open
98) 0) text: Olive turns, walks mechanically back to her chair and sit