5) 2) text: So, is this Peter guy Alice is gonna marry rich? PAMELA
5) 4) text: So how come Alice's marrying him? PAMELA
5) 5) text: Because my parents want her to and Alice is afraid of my parents. It's practically an arranged marriage. They think Alice has peanut shells for brains or something, so they sort of suggested that maybe it was time to tie the old knot and they sort of suggested that Peter was the one to do it with. DOUG
5) 9) text: Look, Alice is the good daughter, Eleanor is the bad one, and I'm the one who sort of gets off the hook. That's just the way it works. Which one are you? DOUG
6) 1) text: Ladies and Gentlemen -- I'd like to propose a toast in honor of our cause for celebration tonight -- the engagement of our daughter, Alice, to Mister Peter Vanlaningham. He gestures to ALICE ABBOTT and her fiance PETER VANLANINGHAM. Alice is nineteen, the eldest and the prettiest and seemingly most conventional of the three sisters. Peter is the scion of a wealthy Pittsburgh family. He and his bride-to-be smile and acknowledge the applause and AD-LIBBED toasts. The band strikes up "I Got the World on a String" and Joan whispers something to Alice -- Alice goes over to Lloyd and (despite his mock-protest) pulls him out onto the dance floor.
16) 16) text: Alice is going to have a baby. She and Kilroy didn't waste any time. He's already talking about having another, and Alice is up- chucking every hour on the hour. She's got morning-noon-and-night sickness. I've got the feeling she'll be barefoot and puking for years to come. Wallpaper patterns -- that's all she talks about. She and my mother spend hours looking at wallpaper pattern books. That's another thing I never think about... wallpaper. (another beat)
35) 4) text: I don't believe you. You're crazy. I'm baby-sitting. My folks went out to dinner with Peter and Alice and I got tricked into watching the baby.
35) 15) text: Well... maybe some other time... Alice's BABY starts CRYING O.S. and Pamela grimaces. PAMELA
39) 2) dialog: Accidentally brushing your teeth with Brylcreme is a funny story.
39) 4) dialog: It comes in a red-and-white tube just like a tube of Pepsodent.
40) 7) text: It doesn't matter what you think, it's their business. Alice is a spoiled brat, but she's Peter's problem now. So just take one of your pills and go watch Jack Paar, see what he's crying about tonight.
41) 1) text: I'm warning you, Alice! Open the damn door! Alice?! Dammit!
61) 0) text: The party is well underway, it's a younger crowd tonight. The band plays "Fly Me To The Moon." Doug stands apart from the others. He's ill-at-ease. His conversation with Jacey resonates within him. As he looks over the gathering, he's pained to discover how easy it is to see things the way Jacey does: Lloyd holding court with a group of men in tuxedos... Joan Abbott propelling a reluctant Alice towards a group of guests Alice's age (Alice and Peter have separated)... and, finally, Pamela dancing with a handsome young man (TED). She is the belle of the ball, radiant and suddenly mature in her beautiful gown. She smiles as she sees Doug, excuses herself, and comes over to him. PAMELA
61) 30) text: I hear Alice and Peter are getting a divorce. PAMELA
67) 5) text: Pamela Louise Abbott... Pamela rises from her seat and takes her diploma. Lloyd and Joan Abbott applaud their daughter. Joan stands to take a snapshot. Alice is occupied with her restless and fussy eighteen-month-old daughter, Susan. Doug watches Pam return to her seat; she avoids his eyes. Helen is all smiles, this is a very special day for her. The chair next to her is empty. She glances behind her and sees Jacey standing in the back of the gym. Jacey idly surveys the gathering with irritable boredom. He is only there at his mother's insistence. His eyes settle on... Alice Abbott. Alice tries to quiet her CRYING eighteen-month-old daughter (SUSAN). Lloyd makes a reprimanding aside to Alice and she rises and carries Susan up the aisle. Jacey's eyes follow Alice -- she notices his stare as she passes by with Susan in her arms.
76) 0) text: Jacey sits at the counter at the rear of the busy diner sipping an iced tea. He sees Alice Abbott enter -- she pulls a dollar bill out of her purse as she approaches the cash register near the front door. She calls out to a waitress who is fetching an order from the grill. ALICE
76) 1) text: Excuse me -- could I get change for a dollar? The waitress is too distracted to take notice of Alice and Alice herself doesn't notice Jacey as he steps up behind her. JACEY
76) 2) text: Can I help you? ALICE
76) 8) dialog: (rattled)
76) 11) dialog: I couldn't. JACEY
76) 12) text: Bring Susan, kids love picnics. ALICE (re: the dollar bill)
76) 15) dialog: Oh, thanks. JACEY
76) 16) text: Do you have time for an ice tea? ALICE
76) 19) dialog: No. JACEY
76) 21) dialog: No.   Don't do that.
76) 23) dialog: You know why.
76) 26) text: Then I'll make you a deal. ALICE
76) 28) text: Come to the picnic on Sunday and I'll wait here and let you leave first, so your mother won't see me. ALICE
76) 31) dialog: No!    Wait. Jacey turns to her. ALICE
76) 32) text: I don't know if I can.     I'll try. It just depends. Alice goes out the door -- as she passes by Jacey he says:
78) 0) text: Jacey lounges on top of a blanket beside a cooler. ALICE (O.S.)
78) 1) text: Where is everyone? Jacey sits up and finds Alice standing behind him. She carries a picnic basket. Other than a few children skipping rock into the river they are alone. JACEY
78) 2) text: We are everyone. ALICE
78) 4) text: No, I didn't. I just said a picnic. I didn't say if anyone else was coming. Alice walks away.    Jacey jumps up and runs after her. JACEY
78) 5) text: Where are you going? ALICE
78) 10) dialog: I'm married. JACEY
78) 11) text: I thought you were getting a divorce? ALICE
79) 6) dialog: No.   Did you love her?
79) 10) text: We weren't in love, we were in heat. Alice blushes. JACEY
79) 12) dialog: No. JACEY
79) 14) dialog: Because...
80) 0) text: Jacey holds open the driver's door as Alice climbs in behind the wheel (of her mother's Town &amp; Country stat wagon). He closes the door. JACEY
80) 1) text: Which tooth was it? She points to a front tooth.      He leans over to look a it. ALICE
80) 5) text: I don't want to scare you. ALICE
80) 13) text: Better head home. Shouldn't be gone too long. Alice drives away.   Jacey smiles -- he's won.
81) 0) text: The Plymouth cruises back toward town. Jacey drinks a bottle of beer and happily contemplates the possibilities of a relationship with Alice. He approaches a billboard that reads: "MIDWEST STEEL DESK, INC. -- Welcomes You to Haley, Illinois." Jacey drains the last of the beer and hurls the empty bottle at the billboard as he drives past it.
85) 0) text: The movie has already begun. Alice enters the sparsely peopled theatre and pauses to allow her eyes to adjust to the darkness. A hand reaches out and takes her hand -- it is Jacey. He's seated beside the door. He rises and leads her across the row of empty seats to the exit.
86) 0) text: Jacey guides Alice to two seats deep in the shadows of the otherwise unoccupied balcony. They gaze at the screen for a few moments, then he moves his mouth to her ear and nibbles on her lobe. She turns her lips to his and they kiss passionately. Jacey slides his hand under her skirt. Alice presses herself against his hand and whispers:
86) 3) dialog: Don't tell... don't tell anyone what we're doing... don't tell anyone... no one can know, Jacey... no one...
87) 1) text: The station is closed and locked up for the night. Jacey and Alice are naked in the back seat of a car parked inside the dark service bay. It is a hot and humid night. They are slippery with sweat.
87) 3) dialog: Impossible...
91) 0) text: The Plymouth approaches -- Jacey turns off the headlights and KILLS the MOTOR and coasts to a stop in front of the house next door to the Abbotts'. Alice gets out of the car, Jacey hurries after her, following her into her front yard.
91) 5) dialog: Go away.
91) 7) dialog: No, no, it's all just... screwing.
91) 9) dialog: Don't.
91) 11) dialog: Don't follow me. He grabs her arm and stops her.
91) 13) dialog: I spend all day, every day, just waiting and waiting to be with you, waiting to forget everything, you make me forget... but then when I get dressed and I come home, you... just... leak out of me. Leak away. I go into the bathroom and I wash you off of me and I remember everything.
91) 17) dialog: Yes, Daddy...
97) 0) text: Jacey stands on the porch watching the taillights of Alice's car disappear into the night. Helen appears behind the screen door.
97) 27) text: You'll have to find somewhere else to take Alice -- I can't have you bringing her here again. I'm sorry. She steps away from the screen door.
98) 0) text: Alice comes in the front door and goes up the stairs.
109) 16) dialog: I told you... I can't... She walks OUT OF VIEW. Lloyd steps up behind Jacey and says softly but with piercing intensity:
135) 13) text: I ran into her a few weeks ago at a party. She was drinking and I... it was easy. She felt guilty about telling her father about Alice and me. Actually, I made her feel guilty, I made her feel like she had betrayed Alice.
139) 0) text: Alice comes out on the street laden with packages and shopping bags. She's startled by Doug when he falls in beside her and follows her down the sidewalk.
139) 2) dialog: I don't know.
139) 6) dialog: I don't know.
139) 8) dialog: I don't know.
139) 10) dialog: Maybe it's unlisted.
139) 12) dialog: No. I don't know her address, I don't know her phone number. You'd have to ask my father for it. All right? Alice turns and steps into another shop -- leaving Doug behind on the sidewalk.
153) 0) text: Doug drives home from the bus depot in the old Plymouth. He slows as he sees... the party tent in the Abbotts' front yard (with its canvas sides rolled up). Susan's third birthday party is underway, dozens of well- dressed children and their parents are in attendance. Alice (who is very pregnant) and Peter Vanlaningham and Lloyd and Joan Abbott watch Susan riding her new pony, a gift from her grandparents. A new generation of Abbott parties has begun.
155) 0) text: Despite it being a birthday party for a three-year-old, this is very much a grown-up affair. The band is playing, the adults are dancing, Joan Abbott is flitting from guest-to-guest, Alice is dutifully silent while Peter dominates the talk at their table, Lloyd is with his cronies. Doug enters the tent -- one-by-one the guests take notice of him as he works his way across the tent -- and all are very aware of his uninvited presence by the time he reaches Lloyd Abbott. Lloyd scrutinizes Doug, then: