0) 18) dialog: No it wasn't.
0) 22) dialog: Maybe you had the wrong number?
0) 24) dialog: No.   Are you mad at me?
0) 26) dialog: I did.
0) 28) dialog: We can talk tonight at the party.
0) 30) dialog: Yes, you were.
0) 32) dialog: Well, now you are. But if you're mad at me you don't have to come. She gives him a sultry smile, turns and glides into a classroom as the BELL RINGS. The corridor is quickly vacated by all but Jacey -- he savors the aftertaste of Eleanor's smile.
3) 20) dialog: I'm going out to the lake tomorrow. Sandy wants to show-off her dad's new boat. Why don't you come?
3) 22) dialog: Well, I guess you'll just have to write me a letter.
3) 24) dialog: You said you wanted to talk to me in private.
5) 9) text: Look, Alice is the good daughter, Eleanor is the bad one, and I'm the one who sort of gets off the hook. That's just the way it works. Which one are you? DOUG
8) 0) text: Eleanor necks with Steve (Jacey's rival) on the glider in the gazebo in the distant corner of the yard. The sounds of the PARTY can be heard in the b.g. (the band is playing "In Old Monterey"). Jacey stands in the shadows of the shrubbery spying on them with pure heartache.
13) 5) text: He wants to do it. Steve lines up the approach and pushes the throttle open. Jacey swings out on the end of the tow-rope and pops over the wake. Eleanor leans over to Steve. ELEANOR
15) 0) text: Lloyd Abbott's 1957 Cadillac pulls up to the pumps. Lloyd is behind the wheel, Joan sits next to him, Eleanor and Pamela are in the back seat. The DING-DING of the BELL HOSE summons...
16) 1) dialog: Hi. Jacey finds Eleanor standing in the garage doorway. ELEANOR
16) 7) text: My grandfather went there.   I had the grades, so... ELEANOR
16) 14) text: I just thought you and Steve... ELEANOR
16) 17) text: Well, I think this is called the silent treatment. I get enough of that from my father, I don't need it from you. Good luck at Penn. She starts to walk away, but Jacey pulls her back and kisses her fiercely -- Eleanor responds with equal heat. They don't see Pamela enter the garage. Pam studies them for an imperturbable beat, then: PAMELA
16) 18) text: Come on, Eleanor -- Dad's waiting.
18) 0) text: -- with Lloyd behind the wheel, Joan in the front passenger seat, and Eleanor and Pam in the back seat. Lloyd says to Eleanor:
18) 2) dialog: Who?
18) 4) dialog: Why?
23) 0) text: Doug enters with the bowl and ice cream scoop in hand. He lifts the lid of the freezer, reaches for a carton of ice cream and something startles him. He cocks his head to listen and slowly lowers the freezer lid. He peers into the silvery, dim light and sees Jacey and Eleanor naked on an old daybed near the coal bin in the back of the garage. She is on top of Jacey, riding him rhythmically. Eleanor is facing Doug. She reacts without alarm or shame when she notices Doug staring at her. She coolly returns his stare. Doug tries, but he's unable to avert his eyes.
23) 3) dialog: Hi, Doug. Jacey bolts upright, throwing her off of him, and shouts:
30) 0) text: Doug steals lustful looks at Eleanor from behind his book. She is seated across the table from him. The library is filled with students poring over their assignments. Eleanor is seemingly oblivious to Doug's probing eyes. Doug allows his pencil to roll off the edge of the table. He ducks under the table to retrieve his pencil and his ruse is revealed as he stares up Eleanor's skirt at the soft triangle that her white panties cover between her parted legs. Eleanor's hand lowers a piece of notebook paper beneath the table, on it she has written: "Hi Doug!" Doug starts with panic, rears back, cracks his head on the bottom of the table, and then, as his head rebounds from the blow, he accidentally impales himself in his chin with the sharp pencil. Doug scrambles up from under the table with the pencil dangling from his chin, knocking over his chair in the process. The tranquility of the library is destroyed by the flabbergasted reactions of the students. Eleanor is momentarily concerned about his welfare, but she cannot help but laugh, too.
35) 8) text: Good, 'cause Eleanor isn't here.
36) 11) text: You think I'm... different than Eleanor? DOUG
36) 16) text: Eleanor's smart. DOUG
36) 26) text: Why are we talking about Eleanor? PAMELA
44) 0) text: Doug makes his way along the crowded corridor showing a few of his wounds from his emergency landing in the rose bush. He slows as he nears Pamela at her locker. She's aware of him, but pretends that she isn't. Doug hesitates as if he might say something to her, but loses his nerve and continues to mope along the hallway. Pam's disappointment is plain to see. Doug doesn't notice Eleanor and a few of her girl friends approaching in the opposite direction. As they pass him Eleanor smiles brightly and says:
44) 1) dialog: Hi, Doug!
45) 0) text: Jacey collects his suitcase from the bus driver. He's become very much the Ivy League man. Doug waits for him beside the Plymouth across the street. As Jacey starts across the street a CAR full of young women, including Eleanor and Sandy, HONKS, and stops beside him. Jacey hops into the car and calls out to Doug:
47) 0) text: The marquee reads: TONY CURTIS -- JANET LEIGH -- "THE PERFECT FURLOUGH" -- CINEMASCOPE -- AIR-CONDITIONED. It's Friday night -- a long queue has formed at the box office window, mostly teenagers, but some adults, too. Jacey cruises past the theater in the Plymouth, looking for... Eleanor. She chats with a group of friends standing in line. She sees Jacey, skips over, and gets into the car.
48) 0) text: Lloyd Abbott opens a bottle of Coke that he just purchased from the vending machine. His (1958) Cadillac is being fueled at the gas pumps. As he returns to his car he sees Eleanor and Jacey drive by the station in the Plymouth.
49) 0) text: Jacey and Eleanor are copulating on a blanket beneath a canopy of tall trees near the river. Jacey is on top, Eleanor has her legs clenched around his hips. ELEANOR
50) 0) text: Jacey and Eleanor approach the parked Plymouth. Jacey has the blanket rolled up under his arm. Suddenly they are captured by a pair of headlights. Lloyd Abbott climbs out of his parked (1958) Cadillac.
50) 1) dialog: Hi, Daddy. LLOYD
50) 3) dialog: Fucking Jacey. Lloyd absorbs this information without surrendering his composure -- but Jacey cannot conceal his shock. LLOYD
50) 5) dialog: (to Jacey)
50) 6) text: 'Night. Jacey doesn't respond to the kiss Eleanor gives him, but when she places her hand on his crotch, he yanks her hand off. Eleanor walks over and gets into the car. Lloyd gazes at Jacey for a beat, then gets in the car and drives away. INVENTING THE ABBOTTS - Rev. 2/16/96                  34.
56) 8) text: Is there any sense, you think, in which Jacey has... oh, I don't know, it sounds ridiculous... corrupted Eleanor Abbott? Led her astray? Doug's mind works in several directions at once as he tries to figure out how much he should or could tell her.
56) 11) text: Well... jeez... I know that he's... that he's slept with her. But not because he's talked about it. I mean... Eleanor has lots of boyfriends. I think Jacey likes her more than she likes him.
57) 0) text: A drab, four-door Chevrolet sedan with Wisconsin license plates speeds away from town. Incongruously, the unassuming vehicle is chauffeured by an African-American DRIVER. There are two passengers in the back seat: a conservatively-dressed, middle-aged WOMAN and Eleanor Abbott. There is nothing telling about Eleanor's countenance, neither happiness nor sadness can be found on her face.
59) 13) text: What happened with you and Eleanor? JACEY
59) 17) text: Eleanor was just looking for a way out. A way out of the whole Abbott world. And it turns out that it takes a lot to get away. It's not enough that you sleep around with boys from your world, you have to fuck boys from the wrong side of the tracks.
61) 34) text: So, where's Eleanor tonight? PAMELA
61) 35) text: Eleanor's... just not here. DOUG
79) 4) text: So... what do you hear from Eleanor?
83) 2) text: One time Eleanor and I snuck out and walked around the yard naked.
146) 0) text: Doug sits in an almost empty terminal waiting to catch a red-eye flight to Chicago. A group of just arrived stewardesses pass by chatting with a captain and other flight officers. Eleanor Abbott does a take on Doug, steps away from her co-workers, and doubles back to him.
146) 1) dialog: Hi, Doug!
146) 3) dialog: How's your chin? (as he doesn't respond) Remember... the pencil?
146) 5) dialog: You going home? Back to Hole-in- the-Ground, Illinois.
146) 10) text: She had cancer. I just saw her Christmas. She was tired, but I thought she just had the flu or something. She didn't tell us. The hospital told Jacey when they called him. ELEANOR (slight beat)
146) 12) text: He had to stay to take his state board exams. He's coming back the day after tomorrow. ELEANOR
146) 14) text: If he passes his exams.   He will. ELEANOR
146) 16) text: You know, I tried to find your phone number a couple of months ago. ELEANOR
146) 18) text: I was wondering if you knew where Pam was? ELEANOR (slight beat)
146) 20) text: She left school. ELEANOR
146) 25) dialog: He was looking for her. I don't know where she is. I gotta run -- I'll miss my ride to the hotel.