3) 0) text: HELEN HOLT is seated at the dining table. She was grading a stack of spelling tests with a red pencil when Jacey and Doug came in to ask her to adjudicate the matter at hand. She is an attractive but unostentatious woman without interest in appearing to be anything other than what she is: a forty-one-year-old widow raising two teenage sons on a school teacher's salary. (She teaches second grade at Haley Elementary School.)
3) 5) dialog: Doug, you do understand that you may be the only person at this party with artificial sideburns?
3) 7) dialog: You do understand that your sideburns don't look real? Doug was hoping they didn't look that phony, but he conceals his disappointment and nods:
3) 11) dialog: That they look, really, as though you'd drawn them on?
3) 14) dialog: Well, darling, it seems he does understand. Why don't you just go on to the party and ignore Doug. Just have a good time and pretend you don't even... Jacey curses under his breath and storms out the front door before his mother can finish her sermon.
26) 0) text: Helen assists Jacey as he packs his bags in preparation for his departure to college the next day.
26) 1) dialog: Oh, we forgot an umbrella.
26) 3) dialog: And don't forget your sport coat.
26) 5) dialog: Take Doug with you.
26) 11) text: I gotta finish packing. HELEN
26) 13) text: Baloney. HELEN
26) 15) text: Not much. HELEN
29) 0) text: Helen stands on the curb waving good-bye as the Greyhound bus carrying Jacey away to Philadelphia departs. Doug hangs back, leaning against the Plymouth's fender.
33) 0) text: Doug sits on the ping pong table gazing at the daybed as he smokes a cigarette. His reverie is broken by Helen's voice calling him:
33) 1) dialog: Doug?   Dinner...!
34) 0) text: Helen and Doug are at the dinner table. HELEN
34) 3) dialog: There's lots of old stuff out there, I don't want anything to catch on fire. DOUG
34) 4) text: I don't smoke, Mom. HELEN
34) 11) dialog: Late where? He rises from the table and fidgets with his napkin. DOUG
34) 13) dialog: Yes, I know.   Well, have fun.
51) 0) text: Doug is at the table doing homework. The DOORBELL RINGS. Doug starts to get up as Helen comes out of the kitchen.
51) 1) dialog: I'll get it.
52) 2) dialog: Hello? The woman turns -- it is Joan Abbott. Helen is momentarily caught off balance by Joan's bristling presence.
52) 3) dialog: Joan.    How are you?
52) 5) dialog: Of course, come in.
53) 0) text: Doug spies on Joan and Helen and their curious exchange through a dining room window. Unable to hear their words he can only witness how their words are spoken.
54) 0) text: Helen steps off the porch and approaches Joan, who is doing most of the talking -- but Joan seems to require a certain distance from Helen and works her way to her Chrysler Town &amp; Country station wagon parked at the c Joan grows more and more agitated as she talks.
56) 0) text: Joan has the driver's door to her station wagon open now. Helen is on the sidewalk. Her demeanor is measured, purposefully matter-of-fact. HELEN
56) 2) text: Well, if I were you I would talk to him and tell him... HELEN (cutting her off)
56) 4) text: I just thought you would like to know what he's done. HELEN
56) 5) text: And why on earth should I believe anything you say, Joan? Joan is unable to find a quick retort, she gets into her station wagon and drives away. Helen notices a baseball lying in the gutter, she picks it up and cleans it off with her apron. As she turns to go back to the house, she finds Doug standing on the porch steps. Without warning, she expertly pitches the baseball across the yard to Doug -- it makes his hand sting when he catches it. Helen walks up to the porch. HELEN
56) 7) text: Okay. HELEN
56) 12) dialog: (long beat)
56) 14) text: Go finish your homework. Doug lobs the baseball back to her and goes inside. Helen sits on the porch steps and now the true toll that Joan's visit has taken on Helen becomes apparent -- a bone-weary sadness falls over her. Her "tranquility" is not borne of happiness, it is only a means of coping with the sadness that is at the core of her being.
64) 1) text: Helen looks over the merchandise. Doug absent-mindedly trails after his mother as he studies a large brochure about the University of Pennsylvania.
64) 3) dialog: In what context?
64) 5) dialog: Mmmm?
65) 2) dialog: Hello, Muriel... Doris. The women pass by Helen with obvious reserve. Helen is seemingly unruffled by their distant responses. She observes Doug as he watches Pam and her friends drive off. Helen and Doug walk up sidewalk (towards the movie theater -- the marquee reads: KIM NOVAK -- JEFF CHANDLER
65) 4) dialog: Why don't you drop me off at home and take the car and go out with your friends. Go have some fun.
65) 6) dialog: Why don't I what? Go hang out at the Dog'n'Suds?
65) 11) dialog: I read for fun.
65) 13) dialog: You sound like your brother.
66) 0) text: Doug and Helen share a bag of popcorn as they wait for the feature to begin.
66) 1) dialog: Came here on my very first date with Charlie. Saw Rosalie with Nelson Eddy and... not Jeanette MacDonald... oh... Eleanor Powell.
66) 3) dialog: (gives Doug a "look") No. (slight beat) I kissed him.
67) 5) text: Pamela Louise Abbott... Pamela rises from her seat and takes her diploma. Lloyd and Joan Abbott applaud their daughter. Joan stands to take a snapshot. Alice is occupied with her restless and fussy eighteen-month-old daughter, Susan. Doug watches Pam return to her seat; she avoids his eyes. Helen is all smiles, this is a very special day for her. The chair next to her is empty. She glances behind her and sees Jacey standing in the back of the gym. Jacey idly surveys the gathering with irritable boredom. He is only there at his mother's insistence. His eyes settle on... Alice Abbott. Alice tries to quiet her CRYING eighteen-month-old daughter (SUSAN). Lloyd makes a reprimanding aside to Alice and she rises and carries Susan up the aisle. Jacey's eyes follow Alice -- she notices his stare as she passes by with Susan in her arms.
68) 0) text: Commencement is over -- the parking lot is a sea of cars slowly negotiating through the mob of celebrating graduates, beaming parents, and rambunctious siblings. As Helen slips through the crowd she is pleasantly ambushed by three (second grade) students of hers. She has a brief exchange with the children and then moves on. Helen finds herself face-to-face with Lloyd Abbott as they both attempt to pass through a narrow space between two parked vehicles. They are both caught off-guard -- there is no graceful way for them to squeeze past each other. LLOYD
68) 1) text: Congratulations, Helen. HELEN
68) 6) text: Bryn Mawr. I should be able to remember that. It costs enough. HELEN
68) 8) text: And Doug -- he's going to...? HELEN
68) 11) dialog: (filling in blank)
68) 14) text: Thank you, Lloyd. They pass each other and head their separate ways.   Thei chance meeting has not gone unobserved: Joan Abbott has been watching them from the front seat of Lloyd's brand-new 1959 Cadillac. She pretends to repair her lipstick with her compact mirror as Lloyd slips behind the wheel. And Helen finds Jacey frowning at her. He opens the door so that she can get into the Plymouth (Doug is already in the back seat). Jacey glares at Lloyd as he walks around the car and gets in behind the wheel. Lloyd flips down his sun visor (to block Jacey's glare) and pulls out of his parking spot.
69) 0) text: A waitress walks across the busy diner to Helen, Jacey, and Doug at their table. Helen and Doug are eating their desserts -- Jacey is content to brood over his cup of coffee. The waitress puts their bill on the table and steps away.
69) 4) text: It's on the house. HELEN
69) 7) dialog: Yes, he would.     He'd be extremely proud. WEBB (to Jacey)
70) 0) text: The Holt family drives home from the restaurant -- Jacey driving, Helen in front, and Doug in the back seat. HELEN
70) 1) text: What a wonderful night. What a wonderful day. My two Ivy League boys. This is torture for Jacey. Doug looks out the window at the striped tent in the Abbott's front yard as they pass by. A party for the "Class of 1959" is underway (as a banner on the tent proclaims). The street is lined with parked cars and busy with late-coming guests. Doug checks the rearview mirror for Jacey's reaction, but his brother keeps his eyes on the road. HELEN
71) 0) text: Jacey and Doug sit on the porch steps eating bowls of ice cream. Helen rises from the porch swing and takes her empty bowl inside the house. HELEN
71) 13) dialog: (inside house)
71) 16) text: You gotta catch me first, asshole! Doug takes off with Jacey in hot pursuit. A few beats later, Helen steps out onto the front porch and discovers her sons and the porch swing missing.
71) 17) dialog: Jacey?   Doug?
72) 1) text: Come on, weasel dick! Come on out, you chicken shit! A collection of GARBAGE CANS EXPLODE in all directions as Doug pops up from behind them and bolts down the driveway. Jacey chases after him, following him across the street. They pay no heed to Helen (in the b.g.) standing in their front yard, calling out to them:
72) 2) dialog: Douglas Lee!     John Charles!
73) 0) text: Helen sits in a lawn chair in the back yard wearing a large straw hat and reading a book. Doug and Jacey are repairing and painting the fence. Helen looks up from her book: HELEN
75) 0) text: The Plymouth drives along the two-lane blacktop past the fields of tall, green corn. Doug is driving, Helen sits beside him. She reacts to something in the distance: HELEN
75) 2) dialog: It is Pam.    Pull over. Doug reluctantly pulls over beside Pam's car. She's no more pleased to see Doug than he is to see her.
75) 3) dialog: Hi, Pam.   Do you need some help? PAMELA
75) 4) text: Hi, Mrs. Holt. It's so darn hot the stupid jack just keeps sinking into the pavement. HELEN
75) 18) dialog: Of course.   Bye-bye. Helen slides over behind the wheel and drives away. Doug fumes silently while he reassembles the jack.
88) 0) text: Helen leans out a bus window and calls to Doug, who is perched on the front fender of the Plymouth, which is parked nearby with Jacey behind the wheel.
88) 1) dialog: Don't forget to water my tomatoes!
93) 0) text: Helen rinses off some just-picked vegetables. She turns off the faucet, then pauses in reaction to something.
94) 0) text: Helen approaches the foot of the stairs drying her hands with a dish towel. She listens for a beat, then steps out on the front porch. Doug is brushing a coat of green enamel on the repaired porch swing.
94) 1) dialog: Who's upstairs with Jacey?
94) 3) dialog: (long beat)
96) 0) text: Helen hears the SCREEN DOOR SLAM as she fetches a clean tablecloth from the buffet. She puts the tablecloth on the table, starts for the kitchen, then hesitates.
97) 0) text: Jacey stands on the porch watching the taillights of Alice's car disappear into the night. Helen appears behind the screen door.
97) 1) dialog: Do you want dinner?
97) 3) dialog: Don't sit on the swing -- Doug just painted it.
97) 6) dialog: I can appreciate that, Jacey, but...
97) 8) dialog: Do her parents know about this?
97) 10) dialog: Don't you think they should?
97) 12) dialog: Does Alice feel the same as you do?
97) 14) dialog: Has she agreed to marry you?
97) 19) dialog: How does hiding it from her family make it any easier?
97) 21) dialog: Alice is a grown woman, she's a mother with a child of her own; if she really loves you then she should...
97) 24) dialog: I can't be a party to that, Jacey.
97) 26) dialog: (slight beat)
99) 0) text: It is almost two o'clock in the morning. Helen has dozed off in her chair with a book on her lap. She is startled awake by a loud BANGING at the front door. Helen hurries to the door and opens it. Pamela is on the porch. She is out of breath and very distraught. Her CAR is parked in the middle of the street with its lights on and MOTOR RUNNING.
99) 1) dialog: Pamela, are you all right?
110) 0) text: Jacey haphazardly packs his suitcases. His emotions have been spent. Helen stands in the doorway.
110) 3) dialog: Why spend all night and half the day tomorrow waiting in Chicago for the Philadelphia bus? Why not just wait and take the morning bus to Chicago?
110) 5) dialog: (slight beat; stung) Suit yourself.
112) 0) text: Doug and Helen sit across from each other, neither one has much of an appetite. They eat in silence for a few moments, then:
112) 2) dialog: Who?
112) 4) dialog: If the Abbotts didn't exist, Jacey would've had to invent them, one way or another. There are no ends of Abbotts in the world, if that's what you need.
112) 8) dialog: And he just needs that somehow. Well, actually, I know how. She rises and picks up her plate.
113) 0) text: Helen carries her plate to the sink.   Doug follows her in.
113) 2) dialog: I was just a wreck when Charlie died.
113) 8) text: Why? HELEN
113) 14) dialog: I went to see Joan, I tried to talk to her, to put her mind at ease, but...
113) 16) dialog: I'm sure he did, but men always say that, darling. Besides, Lloyd was always having affairs. He's that type of man.
113) 18) dialog: Because she's Joan Abbott. If you cross Joan you don't get invited to her parties -- and the Abbotts have the best parties in town. The only parties.
113) 20) dialog: I'm sorry, Doug, I shouldn't have told you.
113) 22) dialog: People still talk about it?
113) 24) dialog: Then how did...?
113) 28) dialog: Oh, Lord... he knows too?
141) 0) text: Helen is peeling apples to make a pie.   Doug enters and studies her for a beat.
141) 2) dialog: I'm fine.
141) 4) dialog: Just a cold.
141) 8) dialog: I do wish Jacey had come home for Christmas. Maybe that's what's wrong with me.
141) 10) dialog: I don't think that's why he didn't come home. I wrote him a letter, you know. About Lloyd and me. Has he mentioned it to you?
141) 13) dialog: Oh... I bought those for you. I had them in the basement; I kept forgetting to bring them up. He does a bemused take on her.
141) 14) dialog: Good heavens, I know you drink beer. Doug takes out two bottles of beer and opens them.
141) 16) dialog: I bought those for you, honey.
141) 18) dialog: Don't be silly.
141) 24) dialog: Merry Christmas. (takes a sip)
141) 27) dialog: Charlie was always trying to get me to drink beer.
141) 29) dialog: That was his name.
141) 31) dialog: Sometimes I do, don't I? I don't know. When I think of him, I think of 'Charlie.'
141) 33) dialog: You mean another man?
141) 35) dialog: Well, everyone always thinks things are more possible than they are. I mean, single men don't stay in Haley if they have any starch. The only eligible man around was Drew Carter, but he smells like his dog.
141) 38) dialog: I wish I'd remembered the beers sooner. It's nice to see you smiling.
141) 40) dialog: Don't be.   Everyone has sad times. Doug dissolves into tears. He lowers his head and shields his eyes with his hand. Helen leans over and strokes his hair. After a few moments, he rises and wipes away his tears with a dish towel.
141) 41) dialog: I'll tell you a secret. I did have a friend. A man in Chicago. I used to see him when I went up to Chicago to visit Bea during summer vacations.
141) 43) dialog: No.
141) 45) dialog: He was a wonderful man. A little boring, but really, very wonderful.
141) 47) dialog: About eight years or so, it was when you boys were still at home.
141) 49) dialog: He proposed.   But, well, obviously, I said no.
141) 54) dialog: Because I'm in love with... your father. With my memory of him. He was the one for me. Oh, I don't know... there's different kinds of love, darling. Some people you love no matter what. Other people you love if the situation is right. To me the best kind of love is the 'no matter what' kind. (slight beat)
143) 1) text: The second-grade students are in the midst of an art project where they make a design by gluing various sorts of dried beans to colored paper -- but the beans are being thrown about the room and other beans have been spilled on the floor. Helen wearily attempts to rein in the unruly children:
143) 2) dialog: Too much noise, please. Let's finish up. Keep the glue on the paper. Sam, Lillian, Jack -- in your seats, please... Helen suddenly loses her energy and interest in policing the children. Their hijinks continue as she steps out of the classroom. INVENTING THE ABBOTTS - Rev. 3/20/96
148) 0) text: Helen's closed casket is surrounded by floral tributes. Doug and Jacey enter from a door near the casket -- they pause in reaction to the crowded parlor, it overflows with mourners. Jacey explodes under his breath, so that only Doug can hear: