0) 6) dialog: Go to hell.
0) 8) dialog: Who invited you?
0) 12) dialog: Oh, shut up.
0) 14) dialog: Shut up! Jacey swats Doug's school books out from under his arm -- Doug charges his brother to retaliate but they are rudely interrupted by a CAR HORN. They scurry out of the way as LLOYD ABBOTT pulls his 1957 Cadillac out of the driveway and cruises down the street. Lloyd is a well-dressed- and-fed man in his mid-forties. A Midwestern burgher, he exudes the status he enjoys as one of the preeminent pillars of this community. Doug is embarrassed by Lloyd's passing, but Jacey evidently experiences a deeper humiliation -- he gives Doug a glance of betrayal, turns and walks down the block.
0) 17) dialog: I tried to call you last night but the line was busy.
0) 21) dialog: It was busy all night.
0) 23) dialog: Are you mad at me?
0) 25) dialog: No.   Who said I was?
0) 27) dialog: I just wanted to talk to you last night.
0) 29) dialog: I wasn't invited.
0) 31) dialog: No, I wasn't.
2) 0) text: Doug stands in front of the bathroom mirror (wearing a coat and tie) still singing "Heartbreak Hotel" while he carefully draws sideburns on his face with a wide-nib pen and a bottle of India ink. Jacey's reflection appears in the mirror behind Doug -- he's wearing a coat and tie too Jacey does a pained take on Doug's handiwork:
2) 1) dialog: Oh, Christ!
3) 0) text: HELEN HOLT is seated at the dining table. She was grading a stack of spelling tests with a red pencil when Jacey and Doug came in to ask her to adjudicate the matter at hand. She is an attractive but unostentatious woman without interest in appearing to be anything other than what she is: a forty-one-year-old widow raising two teenage sons on a school teacher's salary. (She teaches second grade at Haley Elementary School.)
3) 1) dialog: He has to wash it off, Mother. You cannot let him go to the party unless he washes it off.
3) 3) dialog: He looks like such a clown and he doesn't even know it! He doesn't get how things work in this town. I thought you weren't even going to the party?
3) 13) text: Yeah. She looks hard at Doug for a beat, then turns to Jacey.
3) 21) dialog: I have to work.
3) 23) dialog: What do you mean?
3) 25) dialog: I meant... just... we never get a chance to be together, alone, you know? STEVE (one of the envious classmates) makes his move and cuts in on Jacey and dances away with Eleanor. Jacey handles it with aplomb but his true irritation at being separated from the object of his desire reveals itself as he observes Eleanor flirting with her new dance partner.
8) 0) text: Eleanor necks with Steve (Jacey's rival) on the glider in the gazebo in the distant corner of the yard. The sounds of the PARTY can be heard in the b.g. (the band is playing "In Old Monterey"). Jacey stands in the shadows of the shrubbery spying on them with pure heartache.
9) 0) text: Jacey walks home with his eyes brimming with bitter tears -- past the smoldering rubbish cans along the curb. 17       EXT. HOLT HOME - SIDEWALK &amp; GARAGE - NIGHT (MINUTES LATER)
9) 1) text: As Jacey turns up the driveway, a light snaps on in the garage. The garage doors are open, Doug sits on the edge of the ping-pong table smoking a cigarette with his hand still on the light fixture pull chain.
9) 3) dialog: Two out of three. You serve. Jacey and Doug pick up their paddles and begin a game of ping-pong. They are expert players and fierce competitors. INVENTING THE ABBOTTS - Rev. 2/16/96                   10
10) 0) text: Lloyd Abbott pulls his (1957) Cadillac up to the pumps. The DING-DING of the BELL HOSE summons Jacey. He wears a Texaco uniform complete with bow tie and cap.
10) 1) dialog: 'Morning.
10) 5) dialog: Yes, sir.   Eleanor invited me. LLOYD
10) 7) text: You going to be an engineer like your dad was? JACEY
10) 9) text: Hmmm... I guess some people care more about having ideas that they do about making money. JACEY
10) 12) dialog: Yes, sir.   I know.
10) 18) dialog: Sure.
13) 5) text: He wants to do it. Steve lines up the approach and pushes the throttle open. Jacey swings out on the end of the tow-rope and pops over the wake. Eleanor leans over to Steve. ELEANOR
13) 8) text: Yeah, I know. The boat zips by the ramp and Jacey's skis contact the slippery surface and his skis go out from under him. He takes a hard bounce, loses hold of the tow-rope, and goes tumbling over the apex of the ramp into the water.
14) 0) text: Jacey is soaking in the bathtub.   Doug enters without knocking.
14) 9) text: Yeah, okay, all right. Jacey walks out of the bathroom.
16) 3) dialog: For what? ELEANOR
16) 5) dialog: Oh.   Yeah.   Thanks. ELEANOR
16) 6) text: How'd you swing an Ivy League school like that? JACEY
16) 8) text: It stinks in here. JACEY
16) 13) text: Yeah, me. JACEY
16) 17) text: Well, I think this is called the silent treatment. I get enough of that from my father, I don't need it from you. Good luck at Penn. She starts to walk away, but Jacey pulls her back and kisses her fiercely -- Eleanor responds with equal heat. They don't see Pamela enter the garage. Pam studies them for an imperturbable beat, then: PAMELA
17) 0) text: The Abbotts drive away. Jacey stands in the garage in the b.g. He watches the Cadillac disappear into traffic. INVENTING THE ABBOTTS - Rev. 3/20/96                    1
23) 0) text: Doug enters with the bowl and ice cream scoop in hand. He lifts the lid of the freezer, reaches for a carton of ice cream and something startles him. He cocks his head to listen and slowly lowers the freezer lid. He peers into the silvery, dim light and sees Jacey and Eleanor naked on an old daybed near the coal bin in the back of the garage. She is on top of Jacey, riding him rhythmically. Eleanor is facing Doug. She reacts without alarm or shame when she notices Doug staring at her. She coolly returns his stare. Doug tries, but he's unable to avert his eyes.
23) 4) dialog: Get out!!! Doug drops the bowl and scoop and charges out of the garage.
26) 0) text: Helen assists Jacey as he packs his bags in preparation for his departure to college the next day.
26) 2) dialog: I'll buy a new one in Philadelphia.
26) 4) dialog: Yeah, I'll go pick it up.
26) 6) dialog: I'm just going to the cleaners.
26) 10) text: Take him along for the ride.   Go have a root beer at the Dog'n'Suds. JACEY
26) 12) text: I'll finish up. Doug's going to miss you. JACEY
26) 14) text: I think he will. JACEY
26) 16) text: Oh, dammit, Jacey, please -- take your brother with you. JACEY
27) 0) text: Jacey (behind the wheel) and Doug drive into town in the Plymouth coupe. After a long silence: JACEY
27) 2) text: Okay. JACEY
27) 4) text: She likes to read. JACEY
27) 8) text: Okay, I'll take her to the movies. JACEY (slight beat)
27) 11) dialog: No, a beer.
27) 13) dialog: Yeah. DOUG
27) 14) text: Where are we gonna get beer? JACEY
28) 0) text: The Plymouth is parked on a dirt lane separating two cornfields. Jacey sits on the fender of the car nursing on a bottle of beer. Doug urinates between two rows of corn. DOUG
28) 1) text: Remember that time I got my dick caught in my zipper? Jacey gives Doug a quizzical look. DOUG
28) 2) text: You know, when I was in first grade. At school? In the boys' room? Remember I wouldn't let Mrs. Horton help me, so she went and got Mom out of her classroom, but I wouldn't let Mom help me either. I told her to go get you. Remember? JACEY
28) 9) dialog: Midwest Steel Desk. Dad's file cabinet drawer. Lloyd Abbott screwed mom out of Dad's patent after he died. DOUG
28) 10) text: Says who? JACEY
28) 12) text: Mom's not stupid. JACEY
28) 14) text: He owns the company 'cause he married the boss's daughter. JACEY
28) 16) text: Well, maybe Mom sold it 'cause we needed the money. JACEY
28) 22) text: She just did, that's all that matters. And that's why we're driving this car and not that one. Jacey gestures to '57 Thunderbird convertible speeding past them. He finishes off his beer, then: JACEY
29) 0) text: Helen stands on the curb waving good-bye as the Greyhound bus carrying Jacey away to Philadelphia departs. Doug hangs back, leaning against the Plymouth's fender.
36) 1) text: You're not like Jacey.
36) 6) text: Oh. I don't think Jacey smokes a pipe. PAMELA
45) 0) text: Jacey collects his suitcase from the bus driver. He's become very much the Ivy League man. Doug waits for him beside the Plymouth across the street. As Jacey starts across the street a CAR full of young women, including Eleanor and Sandy, HONKS, and stops beside him. Jacey hops into the car and calls out to Doug:
45) 1) dialog: Hey, Doug!   Get my suitcase! The car pulls away and Doug irritably fetches Jacey's bag.
46) 0) text: The hood on the Plymouth is propped open.    Doug assists Jacey as he replaces the fuel filter. DOUG
46) 1) text: How do you know when a girl's... ready? JACEY
46) 12) text: What if you're not very dependable or exciting, you know? JACEY
46) 14) text: You mean, it's all just fake? JACEY
47) 0) text: The marquee reads: TONY CURTIS -- JANET LEIGH -- "THE PERFECT FURLOUGH" -- CINEMASCOPE -- AIR-CONDITIONED. It's Friday night -- a long queue has formed at the box office window, mostly teenagers, but some adults, too. Jacey cruises past the theater in the Plymouth, looking for... Eleanor. She chats with a group of friends standing in line. She sees Jacey, skips over, and gets into the car.
48) 0) text: Lloyd Abbott opens a bottle of Coke that he just purchased from the vending machine. His (1958) Cadillac is being fueled at the gas pumps. As he returns to his car he sees Eleanor and Jacey drive by the station in the Plymouth.
49) 0) text: Jacey and Eleanor are copulating on a blanket beneath a canopy of tall trees near the river. Jacey is on top, Eleanor has her legs clenched around his hips. ELEANOR
50) 0) text: Jacey and Eleanor approach the parked Plymouth. Jacey has the blanket rolled up under his arm. Suddenly they are captured by a pair of headlights. Lloyd Abbott climbs out of his parked (1958) Cadillac.
50) 6) text: 'Night. Jacey doesn't respond to the kiss Eleanor gives him, but when she places her hand on his crotch, he yanks her hand off. Eleanor walks over and gets into the car. Lloyd gazes at Jacey for a beat, then gets in the car and drives away. INVENTING THE ABBOTTS - Rev. 2/16/96                  34.
56) 8) text: Is there any sense, you think, in which Jacey has... oh, I don't know, it sounds ridiculous... corrupted Eleanor Abbott? Led her astray? Doug's mind works in several directions at once as he tries to figure out how much he should or could tell her.
56) 11) text: Well... jeez... I know that he's... that he's slept with her. But not because he's talked about it. I mean... Eleanor has lots of boyfriends. I think Jacey likes her more than she likes him.
59) 0) text: Doug pulls the Plymouth up to the pumps. He's neatly dressed in a jacket and tie. Jacey comes out of the office and leans in the car window.
59) 3) text: Oh -- mind if I borrow it? Jacey puts the nozzle in the car as Doug climbs out. JACEY
59) 9) text: Just doing someone a favor.    How come you're not going? JACEY
59) 11) text: What's that mean? JACEY
59) 13) text: What happened with you and Eleanor? JACEY
59) 15) text: How were you `useful' to her? JACEY
59) 16) text: Christ, use your imagination. Doug has no reply to that. JACEY
59) 19) dialog: No, I mean me.     She was fucking me.
59) 24) dialog: I wouldn't go to that party if I were you.
59) 26) dialog: You still don't know, do you?
60) 3) dialog: After Dad died... Mom... had an affair with Lloyd Abbott. That's how he got Dad's patent away from her.
60) 5) dialog: Believe it or not. I don't care.
60) 7) dialog: Then why don't you go ask Mom? Ask her what happened -- ask her why she doesn't have any friends -- ask her why she's never invited to the Abbott's -- ask her which side of the tracks we live on? Jacey shoves the cash register drawer shut. INVENTING THE ABBOTTS - Rev. 2/16/96                   40
61) 0) text: The party is well underway, it's a younger crowd tonight. The band plays "Fly Me To The Moon." Doug stands apart from the others. He's ill-at-ease. His conversation with Jacey resonates within him. As he looks over the gathering, he's pained to discover how easy it is to see things the way Jacey does: Lloyd holding court with a group of men in tuxedos... Joan Abbott propelling a reluctant Alice towards a group of guests Alice's age (Alice and Peter have separated)... and, finally, Pamela dancing with a handsome young man (TED). She is the belle of the ball, radiant and suddenly mature in her beautiful gown. She smiles as she sees Doug, excuses herself, and comes over to him. PAMELA
61) 23) text: Is Jacey home for the summer or is he just here for a visit? The mention of his brother's name at this exact moment sends a chill down Doug's spine.
61) 29) text: Hell -- you kidding? Even with Jacey working summers, my mom had to borrow against the house so he could go to Penn. I don't know where the money'll come from for me to go to college. Doug sees Joan Abbott prompting Ted to cut in on his dance with Pamela. Doug's bitterness swells. DOUG
62) 0) text: The hall light is on but the bedroom is dark. Doug lies on his bed (still dressed). Jacey appears in the doorway.
62) 1) dialog: You asleep?
63) 0) text: Doug and Jacey play another hard fought game of ping-pong in the garage. In the midst of a volley Doug says: DOUG
63) 1) text: I'm gonna go to Penn like you. Jacey snorts with incredulous laughter. JACEY
63) 7) dialog: Like hell you are.
63) 9) dialog: You're nuts. You'll never get accepted to Penn. Besides, Mom couldn't afford it anyway.
63) 11) dialog: I had a four-point-0 grade average and I couldn't get a scholarship -- so, I say you got your head up your ass. Jacey skillfully manipulates the volley and wins the game with a savage return that Doug is unable to counter. Jacey smiles, puts his paddle down, and walks out of the garage. Doug quickly picks up a ping-pong ball and hits it into the back of Jacey's head. Jacey turns and shoots a perturbed look at Doug -- Doug smiles:
67) 5) text: Pamela Louise Abbott... Pamela rises from her seat and takes her diploma. Lloyd and Joan Abbott applaud their daughter. Joan stands to take a snapshot. Alice is occupied with her restless and fussy eighteen-month-old daughter, Susan. Doug watches Pam return to her seat; she avoids his eyes. Helen is all smiles, this is a very special day for her. The chair next to her is empty. She glances behind her and sees Jacey standing in the back of the gym. Jacey idly surveys the gathering with irritable boredom. He is only there at his mother's insistence. His eyes settle on... Alice Abbott. Alice tries to quiet her CRYING eighteen-month-old daughter (SUSAN). Lloyd makes a reprimanding aside to Alice and she rises and carries Susan up the aisle. Jacey's eyes follow Alice -- she notices his stare as she passes by with Susan in her arms.
68) 12) text: Jacey.
68) 14) text: Thank you, Lloyd. They pass each other and head their separate ways.   Thei chance meeting has not gone unobserved: Joan Abbott has been watching them from the front seat of Lloyd's brand-new 1959 Cadillac. She pretends to repair her lipstick with her compact mirror as Lloyd slips behind the wheel. And Helen finds Jacey frowning at her. He opens the door so that she can get into the Plymouth (Doug is already in the back seat). Jacey glares at Lloyd as he walks around the car and gets in behind the wheel. Lloyd flips down his sun visor (to block Jacey's glare) and pulls out of his parking spot.
69) 0) text: A waitress walks across the busy diner to Helen, Jacey, and Doug at their table. Helen and Doug are eating their desserts -- Jacey is content to brood over his cup of coffee. The waitress puts their bill on the table and steps away.
69) 9) dialog: Yes, sir.
70) 0) text: The Holt family drives home from the restaurant -- Jacey driving, Helen in front, and Doug in the back seat. HELEN
70) 1) text: What a wonderful night. What a wonderful day. My two Ivy League boys. This is torture for Jacey. Doug looks out the window at the striped tent in the Abbott's front yard as they pass by. A party for the "Class of 1959" is underway (as a banner on the tent proclaims). The street is lined with parked cars and busy with late-coming guests. Doug checks the rearview mirror for Jacey's reaction, but his brother keeps his eyes on the road. HELEN
71) 0) text: Jacey and Doug sit on the porch steps eating bowls of ice cream. Helen rises from the porch swing and takes her empty bowl inside the house. HELEN
71) 2) text: Ping-pong? JACEY
71) 4) text: You want to go out to the lake and get a couple beers? JACEY
71) 6) text: Goddammit. Goddammit! Look, I don't want you in Philadelphia. I don't need you around to remind everybody that I come from Hicksville, U.S.A. So if you're going to go to Philadelphia, you're on your own, dip shit. I don't need you riding my coat tails. Christ -- why don't you get your own life? Stop being my fucking shadow. Doug digests Jacey's insult, then scoops a ball of ice cream out of his bowl with his spoon and flings the gooey ice cream into the side of Jacey's face. Doug rises and goes to the front door.
71) 11) text: You little prick! Jacey hurls his BOWL at Doug -- it misses and SHATTERS on the wall. DOUG
71) 12) text: Missed me, peckerhead. As Doug opens the screen door Jacey dives into him -- they fall into the porch swing with such force that its chains rip out of the porch ceiling and Doug, Jacey, and the swing go overboard off the end of the porch into the shrubs.
71) 14) text: Doug?    Jacey? What was that? Doug and Jacey scramble to their feet, their clothes are ripped and disheveled. JACEY
71) 16) text: You gotta catch me first, asshole! Doug takes off with Jacey in hot pursuit. A few beats later, Helen steps out onto the front porch and discovers her sons and the porch swing missing.
72) 0) text: Jacey races up a driveway -- Doug is nowhere to be seen. JACEY
72) 1) text: Come on, weasel dick! Come on out, you chicken shit! A collection of GARBAGE CANS EXPLODE in all directions as Doug pops up from behind them and bolts down the driveway. Jacey chases after him, following him across the street. They pay no heed to Helen (in the b.g.) standing in their front yard, calling out to them:
73) 0) text: Helen sits in a lawn chair in the back yard wearing a large straw hat and reading a book. Doug and Jacey are repairing and painting the fence. Helen looks up from her book: HELEN
73) 1) text: That board doesn't look straight, Jacey. Come on, Doug, you've been painting the same spot for the last five minutes.
74) 0) text: Doug and Jacey clean their hands with turpentine. Doug picks up a ping-pong paddle and bounces the ball on it, trying to see how long he can keep it bouncing. Jacey finishes cleaning up, picks up a paddle, and then, without a word, Doug serves the ball and they begin to volley.
76) 0) text: Jacey sits at the counter at the rear of the busy diner sipping an iced tea. He sees Alice Abbott enter -- she pulls a dollar bill out of her purse as she approaches the cash register near the front door. She calls out to a waitress who is fetching an order from the grill. ALICE
76) 1) text: Excuse me -- could I get change for a dollar? The waitress is too distracted to take notice of Alice and Alice herself doesn't notice Jacey as he steps up behind her. JACEY
76) 4) text: Oh... you don't work here, do you? JACEY
76) 9) text: What?   Why? JACEY
76) 14) dialog: Here. Jacey opens his palm and reveals the correct change. Alice nervously exchanges the dollar bill for the coins.
76) 17) text: My mother's waiting by the car so I won't get a ticket. JACEY
76) 22) dialog: Why not?
76) 27) text: I just came in to get some change. JACEY
76) 29) text: I don't care if my mother sees you. JACEY (heads for the door)
76) 32) text: I don't know if I can.     I'll try. It just depends. Alice goes out the door -- as she passes by Jacey he says:
76) 33) dialog: Sunday.     River Point.   Around noon. Jacey watches through the window as Alice returns to the Town &amp; Country station wagon and puts a few coins into the meter. Joan waits impatiently beside the car with Susan in hand. As the Abbott women walk down the sidewalk (away from the diner), Alice glances back and sees Jacey smiling at her from the diner window.
77) 5) text: Stop acting like Jacey. What makes you think you're so... cool? DOUG
78) 0) text: Jacey lounges on top of a blanket beside a cooler. ALICE (O.S.)
78) 1) text: Where is everyone? Jacey sits up and finds Alice standing behind him. She carries a picnic basket. Other than a few children skipping rock into the river they are alone. JACEY
78) 3) text: But you said... JACEY (overlapping)
78) 4) text: No, I didn't. I just said a picnic. I didn't say if anyone else was coming. Alice walks away.    Jacey jumps up and runs after her. JACEY
78) 12) text: I am, but it's not final yet. Besides, I'm two years older than you. JACEY
79) 3) dialog: Bastard. ALICE
79) 5) dialog: I don't.   Do you?
79) 10) text: We weren't in love, we were in heat. Alice blushes. JACEY
80) 0) text: Jacey holds open the driver's door as Alice climbs in behind the wheel (of her mother's Town &amp; Country stat wagon). He closes the door. JACEY
80) 3) dialog: No.    It's a beautiful mouth. ALICE
80) 4) text: Are you going to kiss me? JACEY
80) 6) text: I can't see you again, Jacey.
80) 7) dialog: Sure you can.    There are ways. ALICE
80) 12) dialog: Because there's no one else you can tell them to. Because I'm the only person you know who will admit to your face that your father's a bag of shit. The biggest bag of shit in this town. (slight beat)
80) 13) text: Better head home. Shouldn't be gone too long. Alice drives away.   Jacey smiles -- he's won.
81) 0) text: The Plymouth cruises back toward town. Jacey drinks a bottle of beer and happily contemplates the possibilities of a relationship with Alice. He approaches a billboard that reads: "MIDWEST STEEL DESK, INC. -- Welcomes You to Haley, Illinois." Jacey drains the last of the beer and hurls the empty bottle at the billboard as he drives past it.
82) 5) text: Like a photograph. I never knew him. He died like a month before I was even born. Jacey probably looks more like him than I do. Jacey's named after him. That's how he got to be called 'Jacey,' after his initials, John Charles, J.C.
83) 1) text: I think my dad was like Jacey is. Some guys are just dare-devils. I bet Jacey once that he couldn't do a back-flip off the garage roof into a big pile of leaves. And he did it. PAMELA (slight beat)
85) 0) text: The movie has already begun. Alice enters the sparsely peopled theatre and pauses to allow her eyes to adjust to the darkness. A hand reaches out and takes her hand -- it is Jacey. He's seated beside the door. He rises and leads her across the row of empty seats to the exit.
86) 0) text: Jacey guides Alice to two seats deep in the shadows of the otherwise unoccupied balcony. They gaze at the screen for a few moments, then he moves his mouth to her ear and nibbles on her lobe. She turns her lips to his and they kiss passionately. Jacey slides his hand under her skirt. Alice presses herself against his hand and whispers:
87) 1) text: The station is closed and locked up for the night. Jacey and Alice are naked in the back seat of a car parked inside the dark service bay. It is a hot and humid night. They are slippery with sweat.
87) 2) dialog: Marry me.
87) 4) dialog: Nothing's impossible...
88) 0) text: Helen leans out a bus window and calls to Doug, who is perched on the front fender of the Plymouth, which is parked nearby with Jacey behind the wheel.
88) 3) text: The bus pulls away. Doug waves as the bus goes down the street -- then he leaps with surprise as an impatient Jacey leans on the CAR HORN.
91) 0) text: The Plymouth approaches -- Jacey turns off the headlights and KILLS the MOTOR and coasts to a stop in front of the house next door to the Abbotts'. Alice gets out of the car, Jacey hurries after her, following her into her front yard.
91) 1) dialog: Alice... wait!
91) 6) dialog: It's the truth, you know it is.
91) 8) dialog: It's called making love.
91) 10) dialog: Don't what?
91) 12) dialog: What's wrong?
91) 14) dialog: Remember what?
97) 0) text: Jacey stands on the porch watching the taillights of Alice's car disappear into the night. Helen appears behind the screen door.
97) 2) dialog: No, thanks.
97) 4) dialog: I know. (slight beat)
97) 7) dialog: I love her, Mother. I'm going to marry her.
97) 9) dialog: Of course not.
97) 11) dialog: I don't give a damn about them.
97) 13) dialog: She loves me.
97) 20) dialog: We don't have any choice.
97) 22) dialog: (cutting her off)
97) 25) dialog: I don't need your help.   I'm not asking for it.
99) 3) dialog: What's wrong?
99) 5) dialog: Oh, Jesus, no...
99) 7) dialog: I'll get dressed...
99) 9) dialog: I have to see her.
99) 15) dialog: But I have to see her.
100) 2) dialog: Jesus... Helen closes the front door and turns to say something to Jacey, but he cuts her off:
100) 3) dialog: Leave me alone, just leave me alone. Helen climbs the stairs, collects Doug at the top landing, and leads him away. Jacey punches his fist through a glass pane of the sheer- curtained sidelight beside the front door.
102) 0) text: The DRONE of the LAWN MOWER accompanies Jacey's pacing. His face is haggard and unshaven. He glances out the window and sees something that sends him bolting out of his bedroom. INVENTING THE ABBOTTS - Rev. 3/20/96
103) 2) dialog: How is she?
103) 4) dialog: Can I see her?
103) 6) text: Jacey turns and dashes up the driveway. Doug watches Jacey jump into the Plymouth and speed down the driveway and then up the street. Doug SHUTS OFF the LAWN MOWER and walks over to Pam.
104) 0) text: The PLYMOUTH SKIDS to a stop behind the Abbott's Town &am Country station wagon. Jacey jumps out of his car and rushes into the boathouse.
105) 0) text: Jacey discovers Lloyd Abbott waiting for him.
105) 4) dialog: Where is she?      Where's Alice? Jacey turns and rushes out of the boathouse.
106) 0) text: Jacey hops into the PLYMOUTH and PEELS OUT as he speeds away. Lloyd Abbott steps out of the boathouse and approaches the station wagon.
107) 0) text: Jacey speeds recklessly back into town.
108) 0) text: Jacey skids into the driveway and leaps out of the car.
109) 0) text: Jacey bursts through the front door and cries out.
109) 1) dialog: Alice!   Alice! Joan Abbott rushes into the entry hall.
109) 3) dialog: Where is she?!      Alice!   Alice!
109) 5) dialog: Dammit, where is she?!
109) 9) dialog: Alice!
109) 11) dialog: Alice! Lloyd Abbott steps in the front door and drops his car keys into the silver bowl on the hall table.
109) 13) dialog: You son-of-a-bitch! Where is she?!
109) 15) dialog: Come with me. Please, Alice, just come with me now, right now.
110) 0) text: Jacey haphazardly packs his suitcases. His emotions have been spent. Helen stands in the doorway.
110) 4) dialog: Because... the sooner I get out of this fucking town the better.
113) 6) text: Jacey was almost two and I was eight months pregnant with you and... well, some mornings I'd be crying before I even woke up. Then you were born. And Jacey just got lost in there. I didn't have anything for him. Mother took him over. He'd cry or call for me, and then I'd hear Mother answer him, and I'd go back to sleep. (sighs bitterly)
116) 0) text: A vintage, third-floor, railroad flat -- sparsely furnished and neat as a pin. Jacey is hosting a party. A TONY BENNETT record ("When Somebody Breaks Your Heart") plays on the hi-fi. The apartment is elbow-to-elbow with Penn men and attractive coeds from Radcliffe, Mt. Hollyoke, and Byrn Mawr. Doug sits in the middle of the sofa wedged between two coeds having separate, but equally animated conversations with two of Jacey's classmates (who are perched on the arms of the sofa). Doug wears a jacket and tie but his knack at looking out of place is intact. Jacey is apart from the others wooing a gorgeous CO-ED in a tight cashmere sweater.
116) 1) dialog: Airplanes, bridges, skyscrapers, bras, all utilize the same fundamentals of structural design... With his finger he traces the back strap of her bra beneath her sweater...
116) 4) dialog: A stable foundation that resists compression... His finger trails the shoulder strap of her bra...
116) 5) dialog: Carefully calculated suspension... He draws his fingertip around the outside of her breast to the lower front of her bra...
116) 6) dialog: And cantilevered elements to provide support. The Co-ed is bothered but none-the-less bewitched.
116) 8) dialog: So am I.
116) 11) dialog: I'm engaged in conversation with you. Jacey smiles and then kisses her. Doug is spying on them from the safety of the crowd. Jacey winks at Doug. Doug shakes his head in wonder.
133) 0) text: Jacey sits in his favorite armchair reading the Sunday newspaper. Doug sits in the middle of the sofa. Jacey scrutinizes his brooding younger brother.
133) 1) dialog: What's wrong with you?
133) 3) text: A boiling water KETTLE starts to WHISTLE (O.S.) -- Jacey goes into the kitchen to tend to it. There is a soft KNOCK on the front door. Doug goes to answer it. He opens the door and finds Pamela standing there with her coat in her hand. He is pleasantly surprised; Pam is distant, slightly off-balance.
133) 9) dialog: You want another cup of... Jacey steps out of the kitchen and frowns when he sees Pam.
133) 10) dialog: I told you not to come by on Sundays.
133) 12) dialog: Dammit, why didn't you call first?
133) 14) dialog: Well, I didn't expect to see you again. You want to fuck? I mean, that's why you came over, right?
133) 17) dialog: Then take off your clothes. Pamela drops her coat on the floor. She pulls her sweater off over her head. Doug's anguish is as great as Pamela's humiliation. He cannot bear any more if this -- he walks out the door.
135) 4) dialog: Doug... Doug turns and finds Jacey at the foot of the stairs.
135) 6) dialog: I didn't know.
135) 8) dialog: How you felt about Pam.
135) 10) dialog: I'm sorry.
135) 12) dialog: I did. (slight beat)
135) 15) dialog: I know.    I mean, I do now.
135) 17) dialog: Nothing.
135) 22) dialog: Right. Doug spins and delivers a wild, roundhouse punch that lands brutally on the side of Jacey's face -- the impact knocks him down onto the steps. Jacey's eyebrow has split open, he is blinded by blood.
145) 3) dialog: Mom...
146) 10) text: She had cancer. I just saw her Christmas. She was tired, but I thought she just had the flu or something. She didn't tell us. The hospital told Jacey when they called him. ELEANOR (slight beat)
146) 11) text: How is Jacey? DOUG
147) 0) text: The distance between Jacey and Doug is telling, as is the difference in their behavior. Doug leans against a wall with his hands in his pockets, his eyes cast down on his shoes. Jacey roams the alley unable to stand still for grief. He lights a fresh cigarette off the butt of another.
147) 1) dialog: Why?   Why didn't she tell us? The FUNERAL DIRECTOR appears in the back door:
148) 0) text: Helen's closed casket is surrounded by floral tributes. Doug and Jacey enter from a door near the casket -- they pause in reaction to the crowded parlor, it overflows with mourners. Jacey explodes under his breath, so that only Doug can hear:
148) 1) dialog: Fucking hypocrites -- every one of 'em. Jacey turns and walks out through the door they came in. Doug walks over to his seat in the front row -- he hesitates when he sees Lloyd Abbott standing in the back of the parlor.
149) 0) text: Doug sits at the table wrapping dishes in newspaper. Jacey comes in with a framed photograph of their grandmother.
149) 1) dialog: Do you want this picture of Grandma?
149) 3) dialog: You sure?
150) 3) dialog: Sure.
151) 0) text: Jacey and Doug are seated in a window booth.      They ea silence, then:
151) 2) dialog: What about school?
151) 6) dialog: About what?
151) 8) dialog: You going to stay here?   In Haley?
151) 10) dialog: (long beat)
151) 14) dialog: Hmmm?
151) 16) dialog: My eyebrow -- yeah, ten stitches.
151) 19) dialog: What is it?
151) 24) dialog: (re:   document)
151) 27) dialog: Jesus Christ... he sold the patent for a used car?
151) 29) dialog: How did you get to be such an expert on World War Two?
151) 31) dialog: (reading aloud)
151) 34) dialog: He parked it at the bottom of the lake.
152) 0) text: Doug follows Jacey to the door of the bus. Neither one of them knows how to say good-bye, after an awkward beat:
152) 4) dialog: (fighting back tears)
156) 25) text: I know that's what Jacey thinks. I could always tell by the way he looked at me -- even when he was a little boy -- like I owed him something. But, goddammit, he's wrong. That bet was your father's idea and I never meant your mother any harm. I would've done anything for her -- anything. I loved her. But the only thing she ever wanted from me was just for me to leave her alone. He pours himself a fresh drink, then turns to Doug: