6) 0) text: The band improvises a FANFARE as Lloyd Abbott and his wife, JOAN ABBOTT, step up onto the bandstand. Joan has the practiced poise of a former beauty queen (as if her smile had been surgically sewn onto her face). She has a tendency to smoke and drink a bit too much and eat and sleep a bit too little. LLOYD
6) 1) text: Ladies and Gentlemen -- I'd like to propose a toast in honor of our cause for celebration tonight -- the engagement of our daughter, Alice, to Mister Peter Vanlaningham. He gestures to ALICE ABBOTT and her fiance PETER VANLANINGHAM. Alice is nineteen, the eldest and the prettiest and seemingly most conventional of the three sisters. Peter is the scion of a wealthy Pittsburgh family. He and his bride-to-be smile and acknowledge the applause and AD-LIBBED toasts. The band strikes up "I Got the World on a String" and Joan whispers something to Alice -- Alice goes over to Lloyd and (despite his mock-protest) pulls him out onto the dance floor.
15) 0) text: Lloyd Abbott's 1957 Cadillac pulls up to the pumps. Lloyd is behind the wheel, Joan sits next to him, Eleanor and Pamela are in the back seat. The DING-DING of the BELL HOSE summons...
18) 0) text: -- with Lloyd behind the wheel, Joan in the front passenger seat, and Eleanor and Pam in the back seat. Lloyd says to Eleanor:
40) 1) text: Doug sneaks down the back stairs and enters the kitchen as Lloyd and Joan enter from the garage pulling off their coats. Doug ducks back into the stair landing unseen.
40) 3) dialog: Alice meant no harm, I think...
52) 4) dialog: May I have a word with you, Helen?
52) 6) dialog: No... no, I don't have time... thank you.
53) 0) text: Doug spies on Joan and Helen and their curious exchange through a dining room window. Unable to hear their words he can only witness how their words are spoken.
54) 0) text: Helen steps off the porch and approaches Joan, who is doing most of the talking -- but Joan seems to require a certain distance from Helen and works her way to her Chrysler Town &amp; Country station wagon parked at the c Joan grows more and more agitated as she talks.
56) 0) text: Joan has the driver's door to her station wagon open now. Helen is on the sidewalk. Her demeanor is measured, purposefully matter-of-fact. HELEN
56) 1) text: I don't think that's necessary. JOAN
56) 3) text: No, I'm sorry, Joan, I will not do that. If you have something to say to my son, then you'll have to say it to him yourself. JOAN
56) 5) text: And why on earth should I believe anything you say, Joan? Joan is unable to find a quick retort, she gets into her station wagon and drives away. Helen notices a baseball lying in the gutter, she picks it up and cleans it off with her apron. As she turns to go back to the house, she finds Doug standing on the porch steps. Without warning, she expertly pitches the baseball across the yard to Doug -- it makes his hand sting when he catches it. Helen walks up to the porch. HELEN
56) 14) text: Go finish your homework. Doug lobs the baseball back to her and goes inside. Helen sits on the porch steps and now the true toll that Joan's visit has taken on Helen becomes apparent -- a bone-weary sadness falls over her. Her "tranquility" is not borne of happiness, it is only a means of coping with the sadness that is at the core of her being.
61) 0) text: The party is well underway, it's a younger crowd tonight. The band plays "Fly Me To The Moon." Doug stands apart from the others. He's ill-at-ease. His conversation with Jacey resonates within him. As he looks over the gathering, he's pained to discover how easy it is to see things the way Jacey does: Lloyd holding court with a group of men in tuxedos... Joan Abbott propelling a reluctant Alice towards a group of guests Alice's age (Alice and Peter have separated)... and, finally, Pamela dancing with a handsome young man (TED). She is the belle of the ball, radiant and suddenly mature in her beautiful gown. She smiles as she sees Doug, excuses herself, and comes over to him. PAMELA
61) 22) text: Hi. Pam is in love with Doug, she has been since they were children. Doug is mellowed by his tender feelings for her. For a golden minute they are in pleasurable bubble of true affinity. But their bubble begins to deflate as Doug sees Joan Abbott staring at them. Her disapproval is unmistakable. Doug steers Pam around the dance floor to avoid Joan's eyes, but then he sees Lloyd Abbott. Lloyd's stare is even more discomforting. Pamela senses the change in Doug's mood, but she is unaware of the cause. PAMELA
61) 29) text: Hell -- you kidding? Even with Jacey working summers, my mom had to borrow against the house so he could go to Penn. I don't know where the money'll come from for me to go to college. Doug sees Joan Abbott prompting Ted to cut in on his dance with Pamela. Doug's bitterness swells. DOUG
67) 5) text: Pamela Louise Abbott... Pamela rises from her seat and takes her diploma. Lloyd and Joan Abbott applaud their daughter. Joan stands to take a snapshot. Alice is occupied with her restless and fussy eighteen-month-old daughter, Susan. Doug watches Pam return to her seat; she avoids his eyes. Helen is all smiles, this is a very special day for her. The chair next to her is empty. She glances behind her and sees Jacey standing in the back of the gym. Jacey idly surveys the gathering with irritable boredom. He is only there at his mother's insistence. His eyes settle on... Alice Abbott. Alice tries to quiet her CRYING eighteen-month-old daughter (SUSAN). Lloyd makes a reprimanding aside to Alice and she rises and carries Susan up the aisle. Jacey's eyes follow Alice -- she notices his stare as she passes by with Susan in her arms.
68) 14) text: Thank you, Lloyd. They pass each other and head their separate ways.   Thei chance meeting has not gone unobserved: Joan Abbott has been watching them from the front seat of Lloyd's brand-new 1959 Cadillac. She pretends to repair her lipstick with her compact mirror as Lloyd slips behind the wheel. And Helen finds Jacey frowning at her. He opens the door so that she can get into the Plymouth (Doug is already in the back seat). Jacey glares at Lloyd as he walks around the car and gets in behind the wheel. Lloyd flips down his sun visor (to block Jacey's glare) and pulls out of his parking spot.
98) 1) dialog: Alice? Where have you been? Susie cut her finger on the piano pedal. They're as sharp as razor blades... Joan steps into the entry hall.
98) 4) dialog: Alice? Did you hear me? Susan cut her finger on the piano pedal. Alice disappears at the top of the stairs.
109) 2) dialog: Dear God!
109) 4) dialog: Who do you think you are?
109) 8) dialog: Get out!
109) 10) dialog: Get out of here!
113) 9) text: After Charlie died Lloyd Abbott started dropping by on his way home from work. He felt so bad about that bet Charlie made with him at the lake. That foolish, idiotic bet. Poor Lloyd -- I felt sorry for him. He'd have a cup of coffee with Mother and me. If a doorknob had come off he'd fix it. He'd carry the garbage cans to the curb. Someone dies, people try to be helpful. But he was by here so often that people started to talk. It was fairly obvious that he wanted something more from me than just a cup of coffee. I suggested that he didn't need to stop by here so often, but... then one afternoon I was at Woolworth's, having lunch at the counter. All of sudden Joan Abbott was standing there -- screaming and yelling at me to stop sleeping with her husband, with Lloyd. I was speechless. She was gone before I could find my tongue. DOUG (stunned; almost ill)
153) 0) text: Doug drives home from the bus depot in the old Plymouth. He slows as he sees... the party tent in the Abbotts' front yard (with its canvas sides rolled up). Susan's third birthday party is underway, dozens of well- dressed children and their parents are in attendance. Alice (who is very pregnant) and Peter Vanlaningham and Lloyd and Joan Abbott watch Susan riding her new pony, a gift from her grandparents. A new generation of Abbott parties has begun.
155) 0) text: Despite it being a birthday party for a three-year-old, this is very much a grown-up affair. The band is playing, the adults are dancing, Joan Abbott is flitting from guest-to-guest, Alice is dutifully silent while Peter dominates the talk at their table, Lloyd is with his cronies. Doug enters the tent -- one-by-one the guests take notice of him as he works his way across the tent -- and all are very aware of his uninvited presence by the time he reaches Lloyd Abbott. Lloyd scrutinizes Doug, then:
156) 15) dialog: Lloyd...?
156) 17) dialog: It's time for Susie's birthday cake.
156) 19) text: Goddammit, Joan, go way! Get the hell out of here! Leave me alone! He hurls his GLASS at her and it SHATTERS on the door jamb. Joan recoils in dumb-founded shock and backs out of the doorway. Lloyd fumes over and slams the door shut in her face. He leans against the door and catches his breath.