6) 0) text: The band improvises a FANFARE as Lloyd Abbott and his wife, JOAN ABBOTT, step up onto the bandstand. Joan has the practiced poise of a former beauty queen (as if her smile had been surgically sewn onto her face). She has a tendency to smoke and drink a bit too much and eat and sleep a bit too little. LLOYD
6) 1) text: Ladies and Gentlemen -- I'd like to propose a toast in honor of our cause for celebration tonight -- the engagement of our daughter, Alice, to Mister Peter Vanlaningham. He gestures to ALICE ABBOTT and her fiance PETER VANLANINGHAM. Alice is nineteen, the eldest and the prettiest and seemingly most conventional of the three sisters. Peter is the scion of a wealthy Pittsburgh family. He and his bride-to-be smile and acknowledge the applause and AD-LIBBED toasts. The band strikes up "I Got the World on a String" and Joan whispers something to Alice -- Alice goes over to Lloyd and (despite his mock-protest) pulls him out onto the dance floor.
10) 0) text: Lloyd Abbott pulls his (1957) Cadillac up to the pumps. The DING-DING of the BELL HOSE summons Jacey. He wears a Texaco uniform complete with bow tie and cap.
10) 2) dialog: Fill 'er up.   Hi-test. Jacey sets the pump nozzle on automatic and cleans the windshield. Lloyd slips the ashtray out of the dash, climbs out of the car, and empties the ashtray in the trash can. JACEY
10) 3) text: That was a nice party last night. LLOYD
10) 8) text: I want to be an architect. LLOYD
10) 10) text: I care about making money. Lloyd idly examines the mechanism on the ashtray that enables it to slide in-and-out of the dash. LLOYD
10) 16) dialog: An architect, huh? The GAS NOZZLE CLICKS OFF, Jacey hangs up the nozzle, and replaces the gas cap. Lloyd pulls out his wallet.
10) 17) dialog: You want some free advice?
10) 19) dialog: Don't waste your life making other people rich. Keep the change. He hands Jacey a five-spot and gets into his car. Lloyd drives away in his Cadillac. Jacey crumbles the five dollar bill into a ball. As he returns to the office he catches his reflection in the mirror of the cigarette machine. He frowns and pulls off his cap and bow tie.
15) 0) text: Lloyd Abbott's 1957 Cadillac pulls up to the pumps. Lloyd is behind the wheel, Joan sits next to him, Eleanor and Pamela are in the back seat. The DING-DING of the BELL HOSE summons...
18) 0) text: -- with Lloyd behind the wheel, Joan in the front passenger seat, and Eleanor and Pam in the back seat. Lloyd says to Eleanor:
18) 1) dialog: Stay away from him.
18) 3) dialog: Jacey.
18) 5) dialog: Because I said so.
28) 13) text: I didn't say she was stupid. Lloyd's pretty smooth. That's why he owns the company. DOUG
40) 1) text: Doug sneaks down the back stairs and enters the kitchen as Lloyd and Joan enter from the garage pulling off their coats. Doug ducks back into the stair landing unseen.
40) 2) dialog: Just stay out of it, Joan.
48) 0) text: Lloyd Abbott opens a bottle of Coke that he just purchased from the vending machine. His (1958) Cadillac is being fueled at the gas pumps. As he returns to his car he sees Eleanor and Jacey drive by the station in the Plymouth.
50) 0) text: Jacey and Eleanor approach the parked Plymouth. Jacey has the blanket rolled up under his arm. Suddenly they are captured by a pair of headlights. Lloyd Abbott climbs out of his parked (1958) Cadillac.
50) 6) text: 'Night. Jacey doesn't respond to the kiss Eleanor gives him, but when she places her hand on his crotch, he yanks her hand off. Eleanor walks over and gets into the car. Lloyd gazes at Jacey for a beat, then gets in the car and drives away. INVENTING THE ABBOTTS - Rev. 2/16/96                  34.
61) 0) text: The party is well underway, it's a younger crowd tonight. The band plays "Fly Me To The Moon." Doug stands apart from the others. He's ill-at-ease. His conversation with Jacey resonates within him. As he looks over the gathering, he's pained to discover how easy it is to see things the way Jacey does: Lloyd holding court with a group of men in tuxedos... Joan Abbott propelling a reluctant Alice towards a group of guests Alice's age (Alice and Peter have separated)... and, finally, Pamela dancing with a handsome young man (TED). She is the belle of the ball, radiant and suddenly mature in her beautiful gown. She smiles as she sees Doug, excuses herself, and comes over to him. PAMELA
61) 22) text: Hi. Pam is in love with Doug, she has been since they were children. Doug is mellowed by his tender feelings for her. For a golden minute they are in pleasurable bubble of true affinity. But their bubble begins to deflate as Doug sees Joan Abbott staring at them. Her disapproval is unmistakable. Doug steers Pam around the dance floor to avoid Joan's eyes, but then he sees Lloyd Abbott. Lloyd's stare is even more discomforting. Pamela senses the change in Doug's mood, but she is unaware of the cause. PAMELA
67) 5) text: Pamela Louise Abbott... Pamela rises from her seat and takes her diploma. Lloyd and Joan Abbott applaud their daughter. Joan stands to take a snapshot. Alice is occupied with her restless and fussy eighteen-month-old daughter, Susan. Doug watches Pam return to her seat; she avoids his eyes. Helen is all smiles, this is a very special day for her. The chair next to her is empty. She glances behind her and sees Jacey standing in the back of the gym. Jacey idly surveys the gathering with irritable boredom. He is only there at his mother's insistence. His eyes settle on... Alice Abbott. Alice tries to quiet her CRYING eighteen-month-old daughter (SUSAN). Lloyd makes a reprimanding aside to Alice and she rises and carries Susan up the aisle. Jacey's eyes follow Alice -- she notices his stare as she passes by with Susan in her arms.
68) 0) text: Commencement is over -- the parking lot is a sea of cars slowly negotiating through the mob of celebrating graduates, beaming parents, and rambunctious siblings. As Helen slips through the crowd she is pleasantly ambushed by three (second grade) students of hers. She has a brief exchange with the children and then moves on. Helen finds herself face-to-face with Lloyd Abbott as they both attempt to pass through a narrow space between two parked vehicles. They are both caught off-guard -- there is no graceful way for them to squeeze past each other. LLOYD
68) 2) text: Thank you. Congratulations to you, too. Where's Pam going to school? LLOYD
68) 7) text: She'll do well there -- a very bright girl. LLOYD
68) 9) text: He got a scholarship to the University of Pennsylvania -- scenic design -- theater. LLOYD
68) 13) dialog: Right.   Well.    Congratulations. HELEN
68) 14) text: Thank you, Lloyd. They pass each other and head their separate ways.   Thei chance meeting has not gone unobserved: Joan Abbott has been watching them from the front seat of Lloyd's brand-new 1959 Cadillac. She pretends to repair her lipstick with her compact mirror as Lloyd slips behind the wheel. And Helen finds Jacey frowning at her. He opens the door so that she can get into the Plymouth (Doug is already in the back seat). Jacey glares at Lloyd as he walks around the car and gets in behind the wheel. Lloyd flips down his sun visor (to block Jacey's glare) and pulls out of his parking spot.
70) 6) text: Lloyd's mother was a tough old bird. She sold eggs. They had a place way out on Ditch Road near County Line. That was ages ago. Poor Lloyd had to walk all that way in to school and then back everyday. Charlie used to call Lloyd 'Egg-head' and he didn't mean smart. (another beat)
91) 15) dialog: Alice?!    Is that you? Lloyd's voice paralyzes them.
91) 16) dialog: Alice? Alice steps out of the shadows and finds Lloyd standing at the front door.
91) 21) dialog: Who are you talking to?
91) 24) dialog: You can talk inside.     It's late. Pamela and Alice go inside the house. Jacey exhales, he is ashen.
105) 0) text: Jacey discovers Lloyd Abbott waiting for him.
105) 3) dialog: I have plans for my daughters, Mr. Holt, and they don't include you. I know you. I know you better than you know me. I know all there is to know about screwing your way into a wealthy family. I'll never let you screw your way into mine.
106) 0) text: Jacey hops into the PLYMOUTH and PEELS OUT as he speeds away. Lloyd Abbott steps out of the boathouse and approaches the station wagon.
109) 12) dialog: Call the police, Joan. Joan hurries away.
109) 14) dialog: Behind you, Mr. Holt... Jacey turns and sees Alice standing at the top of the stairs. She is pale and drawn and wearing a bathrobe.
109) 17) dialog: Now, get out of here, you runt stud. And keep your poor-boy dick out of my daughters. Jacey turns and stares at Lloyd -- then brushes past him on his way out the door.
113) 9) text: After Charlie died Lloyd Abbott started dropping by on his way home from work. He felt so bad about that bet Charlie made with him at the lake. That foolish, idiotic bet. Poor Lloyd -- I felt sorry for him. He'd have a cup of coffee with Mother and me. If a doorknob had come off he'd fix it. He'd carry the garbage cans to the curb. Someone dies, people try to be helpful. But he was by here so often that people started to talk. It was fairly obvious that he wanted something more from me than just a cup of coffee. I suggested that he didn't need to stop by here so often, but... then one afternoon I was at Woolworth's, having lunch at the counter. All of sudden Joan Abbott was standing there -- screaming and yelling at me to stop sleeping with her husband, with Lloyd. I was speechless. She was gone before I could find my tongue. DOUG (stunned; almost ill)
153) 0) text: Doug drives home from the bus depot in the old Plymouth. He slows as he sees... the party tent in the Abbotts' front yard (with its canvas sides rolled up). Susan's third birthday party is underway, dozens of well- dressed children and their parents are in attendance. Alice (who is very pregnant) and Peter Vanlaningham and Lloyd and Joan Abbott watch Susan riding her new pony, a gift from her grandparents. A new generation of Abbott parties has begun.
155) 0) text: Despite it being a birthday party for a three-year-old, this is very much a grown-up affair. The band is playing, the adults are dancing, Joan Abbott is flitting from guest-to-guest, Alice is dutifully silent while Peter dominates the talk at their table, Lloyd is with his cronies. Doug enters the tent -- one-by-one the guests take notice of him as he works his way across the tent -- and all are very aware of his uninvited presence by the time he reaches Lloyd Abbott. Lloyd scrutinizes Doug, then:
155) 1) dialog: What do you want?
156) 0) text: Doug follows Lloyd into the dark-paneled room.
156) 1) dialog: Shut the door. Doug closes the door.   Lloyd lights a cigarette.
156) 2) dialog: Smoke?
156) 4) dialog: Sit down.
156) 6) dialog: Then don't. (slight beat)
156) 9) dialog: You didn't know your mother at all if you think someone like me would've ever stood a chance with someone like her. That just goes to show you how stupid this town is -- that they'd believe she slept with me. That'd make Charlie laugh. Your old man was my best friend. He used to call me 'Egg-head' -- hell, everybody did. And back then everybody knew that Egg-head Abbott didn't stand a snowball's chance in hell with Helen Riley. Of course, that was all before I became Lloyd Abbott -- Mr. Abbott. That was back when I still had chicken shit on my shoes and twelve cents in my pocket. Charlie Holt was the only one good enough for Helen. I used to spy on 'em -- yup, I did. (fixes a drink)
156) 14) dialog: And talk. I never knew what to say to a girl. Never could just talk. Could dance, could listen to the radio. But I couldn't talk... except with your mother, except with Helen. I talked more to her after your dad died than I'd ever talked to any woman before then -- or since then. Jesus, I talked. Just like this. Just like right now. Just pouring out. Helen would listen and whatever I said, she'd never make me feel bad or ignorant or guilty. I mean... for Christ's sake, she never blamed me for what happened at the lake, for letting Charlie drive out on that ice. She never did anything but try to make me hurt less and I... Lloyd is startled by Joan as she opens the door.
156) 16) dialog: Get out of here!
156) 18) dialog: (exploding)
156) 19) text: Goddammit, Joan, go way! Get the hell out of here! Leave me alone! He hurls his GLASS at her and it SHATTERS on the door jamb. Joan recoils in dumb-founded shock and backs out of the doorway. Lloyd fumes over and slams the door shut in her face. He leans against the door and catches his breath.
156) 20) dialog: I wanted sons -- isn't that funny? I wanted sons and I got three daughters. I wanted a woman I could talk to and I got a woman whose ears are stuffed full of money and Percodan. But I got the chicken shit off my shoes.
156) 24) dialog: My shoes are clean. (slight beat)
156) 26) dialog: So, what do you want?