5) 2) text: So, is this Peter guy Alice is gonna marry rich? PAMELA
5) 5) text: Because my parents want her to and Alice is afraid of my parents. It's practically an arranged marriage. They think Alice has peanut shells for brains or something, so they sort of suggested that maybe it was time to tie the old knot and they sort of suggested that Peter was the one to do it with. DOUG
6) 1) text: Ladies and Gentlemen -- I'd like to propose a toast in honor of our cause for celebration tonight -- the engagement of our daughter, Alice, to Mister Peter Vanlaningham. He gestures to ALICE ABBOTT and her fiance PETER VANLANINGHAM. Alice is nineteen, the eldest and the prettiest and seemingly most conventional of the three sisters. Peter is the scion of a wealthy Pittsburgh family. He and his bride-to-be smile and acknowledge the applause and AD-LIBBED toasts. The band strikes up "I Got the World on a String" and Joan whispers something to Alice -- Alice goes over to Lloyd and (despite his mock-protest) pulls him out onto the dance floor.
35) 4) text: I don't believe you. You're crazy. I'm baby-sitting. My folks went out to dinner with Peter and Alice and I got tricked into watching the baby.
38) 7) dialog: Every time we go out you have to tell that same goddamn story!
39) 3) dialog: Will you shut up about the fucking Brylcreme!
39) 5) dialog: Do you hear me, Alice?!   Shut up!
40) 7) text: It doesn't matter what you think, it's their business. Alice is a spoiled brat, but she's Peter's problem now. So just take one of your pills and go watch Jack Paar, see what he's crying about tonight.
41) 0) text: Doug sticks his head out of the back stairwell and spots Peter pounding on a locked bedroom door. PETER
61) 0) text: The party is well underway, it's a younger crowd tonight. The band plays "Fly Me To The Moon." Doug stands apart from the others. He's ill-at-ease. His conversation with Jacey resonates within him. As he looks over the gathering, he's pained to discover how easy it is to see things the way Jacey does: Lloyd holding court with a group of men in tuxedos... Joan Abbott propelling a reluctant Alice towards a group of guests Alice's age (Alice and Peter have separated)... and, finally, Pamela dancing with a handsome young man (TED). She is the belle of the ball, radiant and suddenly mature in her beautiful gown. She smiles as she sees Doug, excuses herself, and comes over to him. PAMELA
61) 30) text: I hear Alice and Peter are getting a divorce. PAMELA
79) 2) text: I knew he would hit me. Peter's a real hot-head. I knew if he hit me hard enough, hurt me enough, that even my father wouldn't stand for it. Then one night I put too much soap in the washing machine and it overflowed. That did it. He punched me. Broke my front tooth.
79) 11) text: Did you love Peter?
153) 0) text: Doug drives home from the bus depot in the old Plymouth. He slows as he sees... the party tent in the Abbotts' front yard (with its canvas sides rolled up). Susan's third birthday party is underway, dozens of well- dressed children and their parents are in attendance. Alice (who is very pregnant) and Peter Vanlaningham and Lloyd and Joan Abbott watch Susan riding her new pony, a gift from her grandparents. A new generation of Abbott parties has begun.
155) 0) text: Despite it being a birthday party for a three-year-old, this is very much a grown-up affair. The band is playing, the adults are dancing, Joan Abbott is flitting from guest-to-guest, Alice is dutifully silent while Peter dominates the talk at their table, Lloyd is with his cronies. Doug enters the tent -- one-by-one the guests take notice of him as he works his way across the tent -- and all are very aware of his uninvited presence by the time he reaches Lloyd Abbott. Lloyd scrutinizes Doug, then: