0) 10) dialog: Shh. Max rubs his eyes and sits up in the pew. The applause di down and Max looks to the pulpit as the guest chapel spea HERMAN BLUME, steps up to the microphone. Mr. Blume is a tough-looking guy about fifty years old in black suit. He begins his chapel speech.
0) 27) dialog: Hello.
0) 29) text: (gfiakes Dirk's hand) Nile to meet you, Dirk. MAX . Thank you for coming today, sir. Max shakes Mr. Blume's hand. Mr. Blume smiles. But Max doesn't go. He just stands there. Searching for the words
0) 61) dialog: (pause) Maybe you ought to get a tutor.
0) 94) dialog: What math test?
0) 96) dialog: No. Did you turn in your paper on the Berlin Airlift?
0) 310) text: All of the following events occur during school hours. 32 Max strides across the quadrangle with a determined expression. He's got an armload of books on marine life. Max watches a Jaques Cousteau film on i6mm in an empty classroom. Dirk runs the projector. Max visits a marine research facility and talks with a SCIENTIST. Max holds up a fish at the edge of a pool. A killer whale jumps out of the water and takes it in its teeth. Max flies over Rushmore in a chopper with Mr. Blume. He shouts out details of the landscape and Mr. Blume nods enthusiastically. They are both eating sandwiches. They set down on the soccer field. Kids come running out meet them. Max waves to them as he jumps out of the chopp He looks back to Mr. Blume and gives him a thumbs-up. Mr. Blume smiles and waves as the chopper takes off. Max walks with a young ARCHITECT among the trees between gym and the baseball diamond. They look at some blueprint Max pulls up third base and slides it over a few feet. Max points to some beautiful fish in an aqaurium in a pet shop. The pet shop OWNER reaches in with a little net. Max pokes his head into Miss Cross' classroom. He holds u two plastic baggies full of water with tropical fish swim around inside them. Kids gather all around them as they put the new fish into aquariums. Max smiles mysteriously.
0) 437) dialog: She's not here.
0) 450) dialog: (a little wary) She had a substitute teacher today.
0) 452) dialog: She probably gst sick.
1) 49) text: her backhand. Mr. Blume watches her from across the net. Blume watches all of them from an upstairs window. The Grover Cleveland Science Fair. .Max sits proudly in f of his project. It is a paper maché tidal wave looming ov little coastal village with screaming peasants. Margaret Yang is across the aisle being photographed with trophy for Best of Show. Her project is called Light, Col Sound, and Magnetism. She is staring at Max, but he doesn notice her. Mrs. Whitney hands Max a geometry test. rt has a C+ on it Max looks quickly to Mrs. Whitney, surprised. She smiles shakes his hand. A huge banner for the Grover Cleveland Owls is stretched across the endzone of the football field. Max, dressed in shiny blue and grey jumpsuit, bursts through the banner a runs out onto the field doing cartwheels and flips. The football team scrambles out behind him. Max points to different parts of the crowd and yells foot cheers. Dirk is sitting in between Mr. Blume and Miss Cro in the stands. Mr. Blume stares at Miss Cross. Miss Cross looks back at Mr. Blume and smiles. Dirk says significant
1) 50) dialog: Where’s Mrs. Blume tonight, Mr. Blume? And your two sons Ronny and Donny.
1) 86) dialog: I know about you and the teacher. Silence. Mr. Blume looks very worried.
1) 88) dialog: No. And I don’t want him to know. Ever. I just want it to stop. Right now. They stare at each other.
1) 89) dialog: You're a married man, Blume. And you're supposed to be his friend.
1) 91) dialog: Yeah. And with friends like you, who needs friends? Dirk turns and walks off. Mr. Blume looks puzzled.
1) 96) dialog: (angry) . What are you talking about, Buchan?
1) 98) dialog: Who sold you that crock?
1) 100) dialog: Max would never say that.
1) 108) text: Written neatly in blue crayon on paper torn from a spiral notebook. Dirk reads in VOICEOVER dripping with sarcasm. Dear Max, I am sorry to say that I have secretly found out that Mr. Blume is having an affair with Miss Cross. My first suspicions came when I saw them Frenching at the miseum, and then I knew for sure when they went skinny dipping in Mr. Blume’s swimming pool, giving each other hand jobs while you were taking a nap on the front porch. Why am I telling you this now? Because you're such a goog friend. Take care, pal. Fondly, Dirk Calloway. EXT. MISS CROSS‘ HOUSE. NIGHT Mr. Blume puts on his jacket as he walks dewn the front p from Miss Cross’ house. He gets in his Bentley and starts engine. He looks in the rearview mirror and sees the glow red tip of a cigarette. He wheels around fast. Max is sitting in the backseat smoking a cigarette.
1) 181) dialog: You're trespassing! This is private property! More rocks sail past Max. A pinecone hits him in the head
1) 185) dialog: Did you say my mother gave you a hand job? 7 (shocked) What?
1) 186) dialog: (steely) Did you say it.
1) 246) text: Max walks down the street with his lunch in a brown paper bag. He goes into the barber shop. He neds hello to his father and puts on a white barber's jacket. He has a blan hollow expression on his face. Max gives an old man a haircut while the old man reads th paper. Max gives another old man a shave. Max combs anoth old man’s hair and holds up a mirror so he can see the ba Dirk rides past the barbershop on his little French three speed. He circles back and looks at Max taking the trash to the dumpster. Max doesn't see him. Dirk pedals away. Margaret knocks on the front door of the Fischer's house. Fischer opens the door. He and Margaret talk for a minute Mr. Fischer shakes his head sadly. Margaret nods. Mr. Fischer closes the door as Margaret walks out to the sidewalk. She looks back at the house. Max is sitting in window, staring off into Space. Margaret hesitates. She g across the yard to the window. She taps on the glass. Max looks out at her. She waves to him. Max closes the curtains. Margaret turns away sadly and walks off down the sidewalk Max and Mr. Fischer sit in front of the TV having Tv Thanksgiving dinners as they watch a football game. Mr. Fischer looks at Max. Max stares at the television set.
1) 255) dialog: Hi, Max.
1) 257) dialog: I thought I might get a haircut.
1) 259) dialog: Well. I just wanted to tell you I’m sorry I threw rocks at you that day. (getting up) But I guess I’1l go now. Dirk sets a little gift-wrapped present on the counter.
1) 260) dialog: Merry Christmas. Max steps sweeping and looks over at Dirk.
1) 264) dialog: Have you heard the news? 80
1) 266) dialog: Dr. Guggenheim had a stroke.
1) 268) dialog: Maybe you ought to go visit him. Max stops snipping. Pause. No, thanks. Max starts snipping again.
1) 371) dialog: That's not true.
1) 373) dialog: You should put your mittens on. (absently) Oh. They're already numb. I'm suprised you don't spit on me, Dirk.
1) 374) dialog: You're my friend, Max. Tears starts streaming down Max's face. Dirk looks worrie
1) 376) dialog: I know, Max. Listen. I'm sorry I didn't take your hand wnen Buchan kicked your ass.
1) 378) dialog: You should stand up.
1) 381) text: Please come to the frozen pond at 3:30 PM this afternoon. Thank you very much. Max looks to Dirk. Dirk is putting a new worm on his hook
1) 406) dialog: I already got you some. Dirk reaches into his backpack and takes out a pair of skates. He hands them to Max. Max looks at them for a min He nods slowly. Something begins to change in his face. H says with a quiet intensity:
1) 408) dialog: Sure. What?
1) 410) dialog: You sure you don't want to stay here and feel sorry for yourself?
1) 438) text: Christmas decorations are in evidence throughout the following scenes. Max and Mr. Blume watch a Jaques Cousteau film on lémm in Blume's office. Ernie runs the projector. Max and Mr. Blume visit a marine research facility. mr. B holds up a fish at the edge of a pool. A killer whale jum out of the water and takes it in its teeth. Max and Mr. Blume sprint down the street and through the in warm-up suits. They hurdle bushes and dodge traffic. T run inte an empty footbail stadium and race up the bleach baseball diamond. The architect slides over the diamond a inch and puts a model of a building labelled The Cousteau Blume Marine Observatory in its place. Max and Dirk skate around on the frozen pond doing complicated tricks and jumps.
1) 466) dialog: Where you going?
1) 494) text: iso you'll find a pair of safety sses and some ear plugs underneath your seats. Please feel free to use them. Thank you very much. Max exits the stage and the audience applauds. There is a moment of rustling and whispering in the dark theatre. Then the curtain opens on: vietnam. Napalm smolders in the sky above the jungle. Dirk runs onstage dressed in a green beret uniform and sunglasses. He has an M-16. He yells to Max as Max shimmi down cut of a palm tree:
1) 495) dialog: Let‘s reck, Esposito!
1) 543) dialog: That's Margaret Yang. She's actually Korean.