0) 477) dialog: Max?
0) 479) dialog: Hi. I'm Margaret Yang. I’m in Mrs. Whitney’s class. I just wanted to tell you I liked your speech. I don’t think I’ve ever heard of anyone ask- ing to give a speech in class before.
0) 481) dialog: The silver spoon remark might rub some people the wrong way. But I think I know how you mean it.
1) 49) text: her backhand. Mr. Blume watches her from across the net. Blume watches all of them from an upstairs window. The Grover Cleveland Science Fair. .Max sits proudly in f of his project. It is a paper maché tidal wave looming ov little coastal village with screaming peasants. Margaret Yang is across the aisle being photographed with trophy for Best of Show. Her project is called Light, Col Sound, and Magnetism. She is staring at Max, but he doesn notice her. Mrs. Whitney hands Max a geometry test. rt has a C+ on it Max looks quickly to Mrs. Whitney, surprised. She smiles shakes his hand. A huge banner for the Grover Cleveland Owls is stretched across the endzone of the football field. Max, dressed in shiny blue and grey jumpsuit, bursts through the banner a runs out onto the field doing cartwheels and flips. The football team scrambles out behind him. Max points to different parts of the crowd and yells foot cheers. Dirk is sitting in between Mr. Blume and Miss Cro in the stands. Mr. Blume stares at Miss Cross. Miss Cross looks back at Mr. Blume and smiles. Dirk says significant
1) 53) dialog: Hi, Max
1) 55) text: He stops. He turms back to Margaret Yang. He looks her up down. She is slightly uneasy. Max looks to Woody. woody shrugs. Max looks back to Margaret. MAX . What’s your name again?
1) 56) dialog: Margaret Yang.
1) 58) dialog: Well. I’m supposed to have guitar lessons.
1) 60) dialog: Rock.
1) 246) text: Max walks down the street with his lunch in a brown paper bag. He goes into the barber shop. He neds hello to his father and puts on a white barber's jacket. He has a blan hollow expression on his face. Max gives an old man a haircut while the old man reads th paper. Max gives another old man a shave. Max combs anoth old man’s hair and holds up a mirror so he can see the ba Dirk rides past the barbershop on his little French three speed. He circles back and looks at Max taking the trash to the dumpster. Max doesn't see him. Dirk pedals away. Margaret knocks on the front door of the Fischer's house. Fischer opens the door. He and Margaret talk for a minute Mr. Fischer shakes his head sadly. Margaret nods. Mr. Fischer closes the door as Margaret walks out to the sidewalk. She looks back at the house. Max is sitting in window, staring off into Space. Margaret hesitates. She g across the yard to the window. She taps on the glass. Max looks out at her. She waves to him. Max closes the curtains. Margaret turns away sadly and walks off down the sidewalk Max and Mr. Fischer sit in front of the TV having Tv Thanksgiving dinners as they watch a football game. Mr. Fischer looks at Max. Max stares at the television set.
1) 384) dialog: I don't think so.
1) 387) dialog: Not anymore.
1) 389) dialog: 92 Because it was a fake.
1) 391) dialog: (sighs) I faked all the results.
1) 393) dialog: Because it didn't work. I thought it would, but it didn't,
1) 395) dialog: Not all of it. Just the parts I didn't get right. Max stares at her. It is as if he is seeing her for the f time. He says quietly:
1) 397) dialog: Well. It's nothing to be proud of.
1) 399) dialog: You were a real jerk to me.
1) 401) dialog: Well. Anyway. Nice to see you.
1) 516) dialog: Hello, Esposito. Max drops his knife and it stabs into the floor. He puts his hand. Margaret takes it. He pulls her in and hugs her Miss Cross smiles sadly. 106 Max looks into Margaret Yang's eyes.
1) 518) dialog: (instantly) You bet I will. Wagner’s Flight of the Walkyries begins to play loudly fr behind the stage as Max kisses Margaret and the curtain d to wild applause. Mrs. Guggenheim looks on in amazement as Dr. Guggenheim stands up out of his wheelchair and leads the evation. Th rest of the audience quickly follows suit. The Indian groundskeeper is laughing hysterically.
1) 530) dialog: Hello, Miss Cross. The Indian groundskeeper is talking with Coach Beck and M Blume's foreman, Ernie.
1) 546) dialog: Thank you. I loved it when you grabbed onto the bottom of the chopper as it was taking off.
1) 549) dialog: Of course.
1) 557) dialog: Hello, Mr. Blume!
1) 560) dialog: Yes, I am. And find your own dance Partner, Mr. Blume. No offense, but I'm spoken for.