0) 0) text: Sun spikes through the jostling leaves of a maple tree. A strong wind bends them back, showing their light green bellies. This is a modest house in a row of modest houses. Propane tanks and farmland at their backs show this neighborhood be more rural than suburb. CURTIS LAFORCHE(35) stands in his driveway. His eyes, loc on the sky, narrow as he stares at... A STORM CELL stretching out on the horizon in front of hi It's a bruised sky filled with a vicious mixture of black gray clouds. They swirl in and out of one another sending wispy tentacles toward the ground. Curtis stands, awestruck. The clouds move fast overhead. He looks up as they overta his position. A light rain begins. The rain pats the ground. It makes soft indentions on his cotton shirt. He watches it hit the concrete, falling har now. He notices something strange. The rain makes dark spots on the sidewalk. He pulls his shirt out and sees dark spots forming there. He holds his palm out flat in front of him. The rain pools. He rubs the water through his thumb and fingers. It's an amber color, viscous, like fresh motor oil. Curtis looks to the sky, the rain pelting his face now. Jagged, angry clouds blanketing overhead. The wind bends back the trunk of the maple tree. Curtis stands alone at the base of the surging STORM CELL
1) 0) text: Curtis holds his head under the running shower nozzle. Co clean water rushes over his face.
2) 2) dialog: (takes a seat) No, no, no...Don't feed the dog darlin'. Hannah immediately picks the piece of toast back up and f it to the dog. Samantha brings the pan over and spoons eg out on everyone's plates.
2) 3) dialog: Thanks babe.
2) 5) dialog: Yeah. I need to go. What you got going today?
2) 7) dialog: 
2) 10) dialog: Tell Nat to take it easy on her. Curtis gets up and goes to Hannah.
2) 13) dialog: 
2) 15) dialog: Just write the check, babe. Okay.
3) 0) text: Curtis shoulders his way out the front screen door. Keys his mouth and sack lunch in his hand, he makes his way do the porch steps and onto the front walk. He pops open the chain-link gate and heads for the PICK-U parked on the street. Clear blue sky overhead.
4) 0) text: Small soybean plants slouch in the noonday sun. A slight breeze picks up, jostling the leaves, but the sound is drowned out by a loud, mechanical rumbling. A spiral drill churns up dark soil as it digs deeper into ground. Curtis, wearing work goggles, grabs hold of the drill's cabling system and yanks down.
4) 1) dialog: Yeah, let's keep going with that bit! It'll go another 10 feet! He yells to DEWART(36), a big guy sitting at the controls a diesel powered WELL-DRILLING RIG. The truck has a long rusted bed with metal scaffolding raised HIGH on its back
4) 3) dialog: Why not?! 4.
4) 6) dialog: Happy hour starts at five Dewart!
4) 9) dialog: Oh, yeah.
7) 4) dialog: Yeah. All right...All right! I'm callin' it! Shut it down! Dewart gladly eases back on the lever at his knee.
7) 18) dialog: I gotta get home.
7) 20) dialog: What's big?
7) 22) dialog: Shit man. The laughing subsides.
7) 23) dialog: I don't see me and Sam gettin' into somethin' like that.
7) 28) dialog: Well. It ain't always so easy.
7) 31) dialog: Good night. Nat, in a house robe and slippers, weaves her way through maze of junk on their front lawn. Dewart passes her without saying a word. Curtis watches a she follows him inside the house, still talking. He shift into drive and pulls away.
8) 0) text: The lights are out and the house is quiet. Curtis eases o the front door and steps inside. Standing on the door mat he slips off his mud-caked boots and gently sets them asi
8) 2) dialog: 
8) 4) dialog: She do all right today? 9.
8) 7) dialog: I'll get to it this weekend. It's quiet for a moment.
8) 8) dialog: I still take off my boots so I won't wake her up. She smiles up at her husband.
9) 0) text: Curtis loads pieces from the trash pile into a wheelbarro He keeps an eye on Hannah as she jumps on a small, plasti playscape in the middle of the backyard. The dog, Red, paces by the back door. He's agitated, but movement is limited by the length of rope tied from his collar to a nearby post. He barks. THUNDER STRIKES. Curtis flinches at the loud boom. He looks to the sky and sees dark clouds twisting overhead. Hannah plays, unaffec by the noise. To get a better view, Curtis moves from beneath a tree in corner of the yard and surveys the large swath of farmlan that runs up to his property. Chain-link fencing partitions the yard from a deep concre culvert that leads out to the open field. A giant STORM CELL gathers force on the horizon there. Red barks incessantly. He winces and strains against the rope tied to his collar. Curtis flinches again as A BOLT OF LIGHTNING streaks to t ground in the distance. Sparks shoot into the air leaving circle of scorched crops. Another CRACK of thunder. 10.
10) 0) text: Curtis bolts up in bed grabbing his forearm. He grinds hi teeth and doubles over in pain. It takes a moment for him find his bearings. His breathing slows. He gently rubs his hand over the ski on his arm. Sweat has collected around his collar and temples. From the bed, sheets in a twisted mess, he looks around t room unsure of what just happened to him.
11) 0) text: Eggs cool on a plate. Curtis sits at the kitchen table dressed for work. He sta vacantly at his breakfast. He looks up at Hannah. She sits on the floor surrounded b toy building blocks and plays with the dog. She rubs unde Red's chest and in turn he licks her face. She smiles and gently pushes him away. Samantha sits with her knees up drinking coffee. 11.
11) 3) dialog: What?
11) 6) dialog: Nothing. I just want her to eat her breakfast and stop playin' with the damn dog.
11) 8) dialog: Hannah. Come here. Hannah.
11) 10) dialog: What? He stops and checks his watch.
11) 11) dialog: I'm late.
11) 13) dialog: It's okay. Curtis is gone. Samantha looks at Hannah on the floor wit the dog. 12.
12) 3) dialog: Yesterday slowed us down. We couldn't get the second pilot hole drilled. Jim drops his head and the clipboard falls to his side. A melodramatic move.
12) 5) dialog: Yes sir.
13) 0) text: Curtis and Dewart walk to Curtis' truck.
13) 1) dialog: Hey, I gotta make a stop before we head out there.
13) 3) dialog: Yeah. There's time.
14) 0) text: Dewart stands by a flatbed cart with a prefab DOGHOUSE sitting on it. Curtis loads chain-link fencing materials onto the cart.
15) 0) text: The wheels of the well-drilling rig are half sunk into th muddy soil. Curtis stands over the hole being drilled. The turning me pole suddenly seizes up and stops. Smoke begins to seep u from the hole.
15) 1) dialog: Sonofabitch. Dewart jumps down from the control panel to take a look.
15) 3) dialog: Yeah. Well, bring it up. We gotta re-set it. Dewart walks back to his controls. Curtis heads to the ca of the drilling rig and checks his watch.
15) 4) dialog: Shit. Something catches his eye in the distance. Clearing past rig, he walks out into the adjacent field. He removes his goggles, eyes fixed on the acres of farmla that stretch for miles in front of him. In the sky overhead, 14.
15) 8) dialog: You ever see birds fly like that?!
15) 14) dialog: 
15) 18) dialog: Ah, Jesus. I could really use a shower. 15.
16) 0) text: Curtis' work boots are encased in dry mud. Chunks have broken off and pepper the thin blue industrial carpet. Hi mud-stained fingers tap on the top of a desk. Dirt caked under his nails.
17) 0) text: Curtis, Samantha, and Hannah sit on the floor in a circle atop the colored rug. Samantha turns over large flashcards with illustrated sce on them. They take turns making the corresponding sign. Curtis stares at Samantha, but she's still giving him the cold shoulder. Finally, while holding up a card, she look at him. He signs, "I'm sorry". A fist moving in a circula motion at his chest. 16.
17) 3) dialog: I am sorry. She looks to Hannah and signs, "swim".
17) 5) dialog: I think I smell good. She smiles, begrudgingly, and then signs to Hannah, "Dad" "stink". Curtis turns to some ladies behind him.
17) 6) dialog: Do I smell good? Samantha laughs and tries to cover his mouth with her han
17) 7) dialog: See. Maybe I should marry her instead. They continue to laugh.
18) 0) text: Curtis slams the door to his truck, sealing him off from torrential rainfall outside. He shakes water off, wipes his face. The windows are smea by thick, dark rain. It's hard to see out. He looks over to Hannah sitting in her car seat. It looks odd on the front bench of the truck. He signs to her.
18) 1) dialog: (signing and speaking) You okay? She nods. He cranks the truck and turns on the wipers. Th liquid on the windshield streaks into long smudges. Curti leans forward to get a better view of the street. He chec his blind spot and pulls away.
18) 5) dialog: 
18) 7) dialog: Are you okay? Hannah physically looks all right, but she continues cryi Curtis reaches out and places a hand on her head. He's dazed, mumbling.
18) 8) dialog: You're okay. The truck is angled up slightly like the front end has in up a pole. A cut on his forehead has begun to bleed. He sees movement. A PERSON passes by the hazy side window A SHAPE moves past the driver's window. The truck shifts as weight is added to the bed. The SOUND SOMEONE pulling things from the back of the truck. A mome WHACK! Curtis flinches as a 2X4 pounds the windshield. The truck jostles from the weight of someone jumping on t hood. Bump. Bump. The roof caves in with two FOOTSTEPS. Curtis looks around frantically. He reaches over to Hanna and begins to unstrap her from the car seat. 18.
18) 10) dialog: Hannah! Hannah! Hands claw at Curtis' face. Scratching. Blood streaks. Th Woman has disappeared into the storm with Hannah. Curtis screams. Fingers swoop into his open mouth, grabbi hold of his cheek. They pull the cheek back. TEARING. He yells in pain.
19) 7) dialog: I've felt better.
19) 9) dialog: Where you goin'?
19) 11) dialog: Oh. Yeah. Curtis walks to the table and takes a seat.
19) 13) dialog: I'm all right. It's just a cold or somethin'.
19) 15) dialog: No. Don't worry about it. Ya'll just go. I'll be fine.
19) 17) dialog: Yeah. (holds up the mug) Better already. Samantha walks to her purse on the counter and roots thro to find a set of keys. 20.
19) 21) dialog: I'll be all right.
19) 25) dialog: Honey, please.
20) 0) text: The reverse lights shine as Curtis' pick-up rumbles backw Curtis eyes the side mirror as he maneuvers the truck int his backyard. In the mirror, the trash pile comes into vi Just behind it, the STORM SHELTER doors appear. The truck shutters to a stop. Curtis studies the Shelter the side mirror for a moment. A grassy bulge with angled metal doors peeking over the trash heap. He climbs out. A blue tarp is pulled from the bed of the truck, floating down to the yard. Curtis slips on a pair of work gloves and continues to ey the Storm Shelter. He yanks a bale of chain-link from the bed of the truck and carries it to the back corner of the yard. He steals another glance back toward the Shelter. 21.
22) 0) text: -A mallet drives tall metal stakes into the ground. -The cord holding together the bale of chain-link is snip and a boot rolls the fencing out flat. -Chain-link is attached to the stakes with a number of me braids. -The prefab DOGHOUSE is set down in the back corner. Curtis stands in front of his newly created dog pen. It's waist high and about 7' X 10', tucked in the back left co of the yard so that half of the pen is made up by the existing fencing.
24) 0) text: Curtis unlatches a piece of the braided wire holding a separated section of fencing that acts like a gate.
24) 1) dialog: Red! Come on. 23.
24) 3) dialog: Get in. Red walks into the pen.
24) 4) dialog: Good boy. Curtis closes the gate, kneels and places his hands on th fence. Red approaches so that his nose is touching Curtis fingers. Curtis scratches him.
24) 5) dialog: I'm sorry about this buddy. We just gotta work it like this for awhile okay? Curtis stands, wiping his hands off on his jeans. He sees the Storm Shelter poking up from behind the trash pile. H looks down at Red. Curtis walks to the Shelter. Clearing past the trash pile the shelter appears, the mound fully visible. Curtis stops at the angled doors. He studies them. A rust padlock is snapped shut across the handles. He reaches ou and lifts up the padlock. He yanks on it, then lets it fa
25) 0) text: Coins splash across the kitchen counter. Curtis sets an empty coffee can back on the shelf in front of him and be sifting through the change. Odd screws, buttons, then he gets to what he's looking fo A small set of brass keys on a matching ring. He grabs th keys from the pile and exits.
26) 0) text: Curtis walks back out to the storm shelter, keys in hand, long flashlight in his back pocket. He pulls up the padlock that holds the two rusted doors together. Popping off the rubber cover, he tries a key. T lock pops up. He unhooks it from the doors and lets it fa to the ground. Curtis strains to pull the first door open. It's heavy an sticks from lack of use. Finally, with a creak, the door swings back. 24.
27) 0) text: It's pitch black inside. Curtis makes his way down the st and holds out the flashlight. An assortment of trash on t ground, empty cans and water bottles, some candy wrappers The whole shelter is only about 6' X 8'. His head fits fi but he still ducks like he might bump it. He shines the light on the back wall. A rotted, wooden be is bolted into the concrete there. Curtis walks to it and takes a seat. He's looking back toward the steps now. A shaft of light cuts a strict beam through the open doors, lighting only concrete entry. Curtis takes in the quiet of the concrete box. He leans h head back on the wall and closes his eyes. He shuts off his flashlight. Left in the dark, he takes a deep breath. Exhales slowly.
29) 7) dialog: I just wanted him to be outside for awhile.
29) 9) dialog: He's my dog, and that's why he's outside. Right now with Hannah and everything I just think it'd be better.
29) 11) dialog: Hold on. Curtis stares at the television program. Samantha's eyes narrow. Frustrated, she flips open her magazine.
29) 19) dialog: You hearin' this? Her nose still in the magazine.
29) 21) dialog: Eleven hours. No way out. Samantha shakes her head. Curtis watches the footage of Walter Jacobs. He watches his red rimmed eyes. The deep lines in his face.
30) 0) text: It's daytime, but the house feels dark from the storm blo outside. The SOUND of rain pelts the windows and roof. Curtis, dressed for work, walks from his bedroom down the hallway. He passes the den and stops at its entryway.
30) 3) dialog: Hannah. Hannah doesn't move. She continues staring out the window The SOUND of the storm outside intensifies. Windows begin rattle in their frames. Curtis walks over and reaches for Hannah but is startled the sight of a MAN'S FACE just outside the window. Hannah and the Man have been staring at one another. The Man, hollow eyed and pale, moves out of the window an out of sight.
30) 4) dialog: Hey! Thunder CRACKS overhead. Curtis scoops Hannah into his ar and heads out of the room. BANG. The front door rattles. Curtis stops and turns back BANG. BANG. The SOUND of someone kicking at the front doo The storm outside has grown to a deafening pitch. The power goes out. The entire house vibrates, like a freight train running across the roof. The BANGING at the front door continues, frame giving way, as the STORM reaches its apex. Curtis, holding Hannah, kneels and braces himself in the entryway to the den. He covers the back of Hannah's head with his hands and squeezes her tight into his shoulder. Then Silence. A stillness. The rain stops. No more banging at the front door. The SU moves brightly though the front windows. WOOSH. The furniture in the den lifts off the ground. A couch, Lazyboy, coffee table and lamp. It all hangs in the air, floating for a moment. Quietly. Curtis watches, eyes wide. A rumbling. Grows. The SUNLIGH vanishes. SMASH! The sound of the storm is sucked back into the roo the furniture crashes to the floor, breaking apart on imp 28.
31) 0) text: Curtis gasps for air. It doesn't come. Gasp. He's sucking for a breath. Hyperventilating. He rises up in bed, gasping. His face flushed and head soaked in sweat. His eyes dart around the room, frantical searching his surroundings. One more gasp, and air enters his lungs. He coughs. More air. Long, deep breaths. He's calming down. His breathing comes under control. His attention turns to something else. Something under the sheets. Curtis pulls back the bed sheets. The mattress is soaked YELLOW urine. This scares him. His hand trembles as he reaches out to touch his wet boxe The toilet FLUSHES. Footsteps in heels. Curtis quickly pulls the covers back up. Samantha enters bedroom. She pulls her hair into a tight ponytail and pic earrings off a nearby dresser, her back to Curtis.
31) 1) dialog: Babe?
31) 3) dialog: You got the number for Dr. Shannan? She turns.
31) 5) dialog: Yeah, but you got the number?
31) 8) dialog: Right. Yeah. I'll call tomorrow.
31) 10) dialog: No. Stop! She's taken aback.
31) 12) dialog: Shit...
31) 14) dialog: I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's just I got a sore throat. I'm sorry I'm taking it out on you.
31) 16) dialog: It's fine. I'll be fine.
31) 18) dialog: 
31) 21) dialog: Come on. Just go.
31) 23) dialog: I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Just go. 30.
32) 0) text: Curtis strips the sheets off the bed.
33) 0) text: The laundry room is a stackable set squeezed into a close off the hallway. Curtis loads the sheets into the washer and presses start Watching the clothes spin, a thought.
34) 0) text: Curtis pushes Hannah's shoe onto her foot. He stops with shoes to concentrate. He moves his index finger from one shoulder to the other and speaks.
34) 1) dialog: We're going out. Confused, she slices her finger down an open palm.
34) 2) dialog: (with open palms) We're going out. Okay? It's okay.
35) 0) text: Curtis leads Hannah up the front walk of the Grafton Publ Library. It's a one-story brick building with 1960's architecture. The parking lot is nearly empty behind them
36) 0) text: Curtis holds the glass front door open for Hannah. They s in the entryway and survey the LIBRARY. There are only a few people, one of which is the LIBRARIA sitting behind a central desk. It is an open room with cinder block walls painted in brightly colored shapes. 31.
36) 2) dialog: You stay put okay? Hannah begins looking through the book. Curtis stands, he sees a set of computers under a sign reading, "CATALOGUE"
37) 0) text: Curtis pushes a cart down the aisle. Hannah rides in the fold down metal seat. They stop at the bottled water section. Curtis loads seve plastic, gallon jugs of water into his cart. The cart is filled with an assortment of supplies: Batteries, canned food, first aid supplies, matches. 32.
38) 5) dialog: I know. I'm sorry. I had to run an errand.
38) 7) dialog: I know.
39) 0) text: Potatoes dalloped, chicken passed, the table is active wi the family serving and eating. Curtis watches it all, somehow separated from it. He's exhausted. 33.
39) 5) dialog: Was it a good service?
39) 7) dialog: I'm thinking about cleaning up that storm shelter out back. They look at him.
40) 0) text: Light from the open closet door cuts a shape in the relatively dark hallway. Curtis roots through the back of the closet.
41) 0) text: -Curtis sweeps the concrete floor of the storm shelter. A Coleman camping lantern sits on the wooden bench attached the back wall. It casts an odd light up into the room. -Curtis places cans of food onto metal shelves. -Curtis flips through keys on his key ring. He adds the t small padlock keys to the ring.
42) 0) text: Samantha sits on the bed in her pajamas applying lotion t her legs. She wipes the remainder on her knuckles and loo at the empty spot on Curtis' side of the bed. 34.
44) 0) text: The shelter has been cleaned up. The metal shelves hold canned food, water jugs and first aid supplies. Blankets pillows are stacked on the other side of the room. Curtis sits in the back corner of the shelter on the wood bench. He flips through one of the books from the library The cover reads, "DREAM ANALYSIS AND INTERPRETATION". The book on mental illness sits by his feet.
45) 0) text: The Doctor's Office is a converted one-story residential house. Curtis slouches in a faux leather chair grouped in the small reception area. He has nodded off. His head snaps up. He sucks air through his nose and sits in his chair. He sees a WOMAN(25) reading a children's bo aloud to her DAUGHTER(3) on a colorful rug in the corner. A door opens and a NURSE with a clipboard steps out.
46) 0) text: Curtis sits, fully clothed, on the edge of a paper covere bench in the exam room. DOCTOR SHANNAN, an older man with smoker's voice, enters smiling and gives a firm handshake
46) 2) dialog: Hey Doc.
46) 5) dialog: She's good.
46) 7) dialog: I don't have a cold. The Doctor pauses and turns to check a chart on the table
46) 9) dialog: No, I just told her that.
46) 11) dialog: I've been havin'...I've been having some trouble sleepin'. I was hopin' you could give me somethin' for it. Doctor Shannan takes a seat on a rolling stool and proces the request.
46) 13) dialog: `Bout four nights now.
46) 15) dialog: Well some, but real restless.
46) 18) dialog: Well, I think... Curtis isn't sure how much he wants to say.
46) 19) dialog: I think I may need to try some medication.
46) 21) dialog: 
46) 24) dialog: Yeah. Couple days before that I had a dream that my dog attacked me and it took all day for the pain in my arm to go away. Doctor Shannan leans his back against the table and think about this.
46) 26) dialog: It's been about a month. He tears two sheets off and holds the first out to Curtis
46) 29) dialog: Okay.
46) 31) dialog: All right.
47) 0) text: The construction site sits in the middle of open farmland is considerably more involved than Curtis' last job site. Dump trucks, backhoes and cement mixers roll and beep acr muddy ground. A 20 MAN CREW operates throughout.
47) 2) dialog: Hey Dewart!
47) 5) dialog: Not much. Curtis kneels at the ground beside the rig. Sifts dirt through his fingers.
47) 7) dialog: Yeah, we'll get it done. Weekend all right?
48) 0) text: It's lunchtime. The men sit around in different groups eating out of bagged lunches. Curtis eats a sandwich and watches the men. Some bitching Others laughing. 38.
51) 0) text: Curtis stands in line at the pharmacy located in the back corner of the grocery store. He approaches the counter an hands over his prescription to a female PHARMACIST. She disappears behind a divider as Curtis removes his wal He takes out an insurance card and runs his thumb over th bills. The Pharmacist returns with a stapled white bag. Curtis holds out the insurance card.
51) 2) dialog: What's the co-pay?
52) 0) text: Curtis enters the front door, closing it behind him. He turns and is met by Samantha, who wraps her arms around h
52) 1) dialog: Hey. She squeezes him. Then kisses him.
52) 3) dialog: I love you too.
53) 0) text: Curtis finishes off a dinner of roast and potatoes. Saman sets the piece of paper the Insurance Agent gave her in f of him and begins clearing the table. Hannah draws on a piece of construction paper at the othe end of the table. Samantha picks up a crayon and shows it Hannah.
53) 3) dialog: It's great. It's great.
53) 5) dialog: You excited? Huh? We're gonna get you some help. Curtis touches his finger to her chest then stops. He can think of the sign. He turns to Samantha.
53) 6) dialog: How do you say...sign excited?
53) 8) dialog: Excited. Yeah? Hannah nods. He kisses her on the forehead. He picks up a crayon and holds it up to her lips like lipstick.
53) 9) dialog: Now I got to do you. 41.
54) 0) text: Samantha lies under the covers looking at a real estate magazine. Curtis takes off his clothes by the dresser. He subtly removes a prescription bottle from his pants pocke and cups it in his palm.
54) 2) dialog: What's the rent?
54) 4) dialog: That sounds real nice. Samantha keeps flipping through the magazine as Curtis he to the bathroom.
55) 0) text: Curtis turns the water on in the sink and shakes two pill from the orange bottle. He stuffs them in his mouth and chases it with water from the faucet. Curtis looks at himself in the mirror for a moment before cutting out the light.
56) 0) text: A crack in the ceiling slowly comes into focus. Curtis sits up in bed, rubbing his eyes. He looks around room. He hears Samantha in the kitchen. He takes a deep breath, smelling the breakfast cooking. Curtis smiles.
57) 0) text: Curtis sits at the kitchen table as Samantha dishes up so eggs. 42.
57) 3) dialog: Yeah. I did.
58) 0) text: Curtis and Dewart attach a drill bit to the rig.
58) 1) dialog: You want me to come there and do it for you? Jesus. Curtis steadies the large metal piece as Dewart ratchets down.
58) 2) dialog: Hey, how much food do you think you'd need to live on for a week?
58) 4) dialog: I mean to stay alive. What do you think you'd need?
58) 6) dialog: You think?
58) 8) dialog: I've never heard of that.
58) 10) dialog: It's on there. It's on. Come on. 43.
58) 12) dialog: Dammit.
58) 14) dialog: It sounds like thunder.
59) 0) text: Curtis walks around his truck to get a better look at the depot. The dirt lot is piled high with containers. He studies the "FOR SALE" sign, then a smaller sign next it that lists available sizes. Curtis turns back to his truck and rubs his face, still shaking things off. He looks up at the sky. Clear and blu A thought comes to him. He checks his watch.
60) 0) text: Curtis' truck pulls into the parking lot of the Pleasant Grove Apartments. It's a well manicured, new construction facility. The words "AN ASSISTED LIVING COMMUNITY" are written under the apartment name on the sign out front.
61) 0) text: Curtis stands by the door for apartment 212 in an interio carpeted hallway. He knocks. 45.
61) 3) dialog: Hey Mom. Her eyes light up and she wraps her arms around Curtis.
61) 5) dialog: Sure. She leads him inside.
62) 1) dialog: I'm going to get some water. He fills his glass at the sink. Takes a sip.
62) 2) dialog: You want some?
63) 2) dialog: Mom? 46.
63) 5) dialog: I need to ask you somethin'. She looks at him. Totally open.
63) 6) dialog: Do you remember what year we brought you up here? To the first place. She has to think about it.
63) 7) dialog: It was `86.
63) 9) dialog: I was 10.
63) 11) dialog: Can you remember what happened before you got diagnosed?
63) 13) dialog: I mean...I just want to know how it all started. Before you had to leave. Sarah settles in her chair, understanding the question.
63) 15) dialog: Did you ever have any dreams? Like bad dreams.
63) 21) dialog: It's all right. It's all right. It's fine. Sarah looks up and smiles. Her focus shifts back to her s
63) 23) dialog: Yeah. Yeah. I'm fine. Sarah looks back down to Hannah's photo.
64) 0) text: The relatively new gas station sits just off the intersta Curtis stands at the pump filling up his truck. He watches the numbers next to the dollar sign roll highe He looks back at the busy freeway. Cars passing. The pump stops. The final amount reads, "$68.79". He hang the hose back onto the pump and pulls a cell phone from h pocket. He dials and waits.
64) 1) dialog: (into the phone) May I have the number for Doctor George Shannan?
64) 3) dialog: (into the phone) Hi, is Doctor Shannan there? May I speak with him? This is Curtis LaForche.
65) 0) text: Curtis steps quietly into the bedroom. The lights are on, but Samantha has fallen asleep on top of the made bed. He empties his pockets on the dresser and Samantha wakes
65) 2) dialog: Oh, hey. Sorry I woke you up.
65) 4) dialog: I went to see mom. Samantha sits up in the bed.
65) 6) dialog: Mmm hmm. I just wanted to check up on her.
65) 8) dialog: That's okay. Samantha lays back down, tucking herself under the covers
65) 10) dialog: I will in a bit. Curtis finishes emptying his pockets.
66) 0) text: Hannah sleeps soundly in her bed. Curtis stands at the do watching her. He walks over and takes a seat on the edge the bed. He listens to her breath.
67) 0) text: The backyard is almost pitch black. Curtis stands in fron of the storm shelter doors holding out the Coleman Lanter 49.
68) 0) text: The house is quiet and the den is lit by a single lamp. Curtis sits alone on the couch, hunched over the coffee table. He writes on a yellow legal pad. It's a list with the heading, "REMODEL". It reads: -Shipping Container, $1,800
69) 0) text: Curtis blows into a Styrofoam cup and stares through the blinds of an office window. Outside, a flag snaps at the of a pole next to the FIRST NATIONAL BANK sign. He looks down at a NEWSPAPER laid out on an end table nex him. He flips it over and studies the ads on the back. A big one in the corner catches his eye. It reads, "CUYAHOGA GUN AND KNIFE SHOW!" The ad lists ite for sell/trade: ...Tactical Gear, Gas Masks, Batons... Curtis focuses in on the words "Gas Masks" and tears the out. JOHN MYERS(34) enters with a set of papers in his ha Curtis quickly tucks the ad into his back pocket. Myers takes a seat in one of two chairs in front of his d and looks over the papers. He takes a pen out of his pock as Curtis sits down next to him.
69) 3) dialog: We've been good about that. Myers nods, but he carries a look of concern. He confides
69) 5) dialog: That's fine. Myers sits back, drawing the pen to his lips and tapping
69) 7) dialog: I need the money John. Myers nods, then leans forward and clicks the pen.
70) 0) text: Curtis opens the door to his truck which is parked in the bank's lot. He unbuttons his starched white shirt and pla it on the truck seat. He pulls out a dirty blue work shirt and begins buttoning
71) 0) text: Dewart sits at the controls of the drilling rig. He sees Curtis approaching through the construction site. Curtis waves two fingers at him. Dewart shuts down the drill.
71) 1) dialog: Hey.
71) 3) dialog: Sorry I left you yesterday. 51.
71) 6) dialog: Thanks.
71) 8) dialog: Sure.
72) 0) text: Curtis and Dewart sit on the drilling rig eating lunch.
72) 2) dialog: You need another burner?
72) 4) dialog: You think you could help me with somethin'?
72) 6) dialog: I'm gonna build out the tornado shelter in my backyard. I could use some help.
72) 8) dialog: Just needs to be done. Dewart eyes him, unsure.
72) 11) dialog: I figure I'll do it on Saturday, borrow some equipment from work.
72) 13) dialog: I just need a backhoe, a hauler. I'll rent the rest. Dewart stares off into the distance. He notices Curtis looking at him, waiting for an answer.
72) 15) dialog: Thanks.
72) 17) dialog: What do you mean?
72) 19) dialog: I'm not.
73) 0) text: Curtis stands and talks with a MAN in the middle of the Tractor Trailer Depot just off the highway. The Man point to a row of shipping containers and uses his hands to mim how one would be lowered. They shake hands and Curtis walks away.
75) 0) text: Curtis sits in the lobby filling out a clipboard full of forms and questionnaires. Light traffic flows in and out. He flips a page over. The section heading reads, "Family Medical History". Curtis begins to write. 53.
76) 0) text: Curtis references a slip of paper as he looks for a room number in a long, linoleum tiled hallway; a book and note tucked under his arm. He finds the correct door ajar and knocks.
77) 2) dialog: Hello. She half stands and offers a hand.
77) 4) dialog: Curtis. Curtis shakes and they sit. Kendra opens a manila folder.
77) 6) dialog: Okay. I already answered all the questions on the forms.
77) 8) dialog: Right. Well... Curtis slides the yellow legal pad out of the book he brought. It's the library book on Mental Illness.
77) 9) dialog: Out of the five possible symptoms needed to be diagnosed with
77) 14) dialog: (reads off the pad) delusions, hallucinations, disorganized speech, disorganized behavior, and the negative symptoms, I've had two. Delusions and hallucinations. But they say it has to continue for six months to be diagnosed schizophrenia and mine hasn't been goin' on anywhere near that long. So, I took this quiz in the back of the book and I scored a five out of a possible twenty. Schizophrenia starts at twelve. So, they say it might be a... (reads off the pad) brief psychotic disorder. Whatever it is, I need to know what to do or what to get on to get this thing under control. Kendra stares at him.
77) 18) dialog: Yeah, I don't know my mother's symptoms. I was just 10. My brother was 17. And, uh...I don't know. She just left me in the car in the parking lot at the grocery store one day. And she didn't come back. And then they found her a week later eatin' trash out of a dumpster in northern Kentucky.
77) 22) dialog: My dad had to put her in the state hospital in Columbus. And she's been in assisted living ever since. Yep. My dad raised me. He died last April. Kendra nods, a pleasant look on her face.
78) 10) dialog: 
79) 0) text: The giant rolling door curls up in the Delta Agri-Pro warehouse. Sunlight bounces off the finished concrete. Curtis pulls the chain for the door as Dewart slams the t latch down on the back of a DUMP TRUCK.
80) 2) dialog: Hey. It's all right. Calm down. Samantha takes Hannah into the house without saying a wor
80) 3) dialog: Samantha.
81) 3) dialog: I didn't want you worryin' about it.
81) 5) dialog: I got a home improvement loan from the bank. Samantha is stunned. She stands and gets in his face.
81) 7) dialog: I'm doin' it...I'm doin' it for us. I know you don't understand.
81) 10) dialog: There's nothin' to explain. Samantha stares at his face, searching for an answer. She on the verge of tears.
81) 11) dialog: I'm gonna go put Hannah to bed. Curtis walks out of the room. Samantha can't hold back, tears run down her face.
82) 0) text: Curtis stares at himself in the mirror. He opens the bott of prescription pills and shakes out two. Looks at them. Shakes out another three. He pops the pills in his mouth drinks from the faucet.
83) 0) text: It's dark and quiet in the house. Samantha sleeps on her side, her back to Curtis. Her head is jostled. More. The bed begins to vibrate. Her eyes open. She turns over to see Curtis. He's having a SEIZURE. Samantha reaches for him. Eyes closed, his body convulses violently. Samantha quickly turns on a bedside lamp.
83) 9) dialog: (into the phone) No. It's fine. It's fine. Don't send an ambulance. It's fine. Curtis clicks off the phone.
84) 0) text: The ambulance lights splash across the house. Curtis esco TWO EMTs down the front walk. He favors his left leg, walking with a slight limp.
84) 1) dialog: I'm sorry you fellows had to come all the way out.
84) 3) dialog: Yeah. That's all right.. I'll see somebody on Monday.
84) 5) dialog: Thanks. Curtis shakes their hands. He turns to walk back in the house and notices NEIGHBORS watching from their porches.
85) 0) text: Curtis turns up a bottle of peroxide and swishes it in hi mouth. It burns. He spits into the kitchen sink. Samantha sits at the table watching him. Concerned, scare She holds a balled up tissue in her hand. Curtis takes a seat across the table. She waits for him to say something
85) 1) dialog: I haven't been honest with you. I'm sorry.
85) 3) dialog: I've been havin' these dreams. I guess they're more like nightmares. It's why I've been actin' like this. Samantha listens with a furrowed brow.
85) 4) dialog: They always start with a kind of storm. Like a real powerful storm.
85) 8) dialog: And there's always this dark, thick rain. Like fresh motor oil. And then the things, people, it just makes `em crazy. They attack me. Sometimes they go after Hannah. First one I had Red nearly chewed through my arm.
85) 10) dialog: Yeah.
85) 12) dialog: It was Dewart. We were at the job site. The storm started and somethin' happened. His face. His eyes were different. He came after me with a pick ax. And we fought. And he ran it through my leg. Curtis zones out for a moment. Samantha says nothing.
85) 13) dialog: It's hard to explain, because it's not just a dream. It's a feeling. I'm afraid something might be comin'. Something that's...not right. I can not describe it. I just need you to believe me. Samantha's eyes are red. Her nose. She nods slightly and dabs the tissue at the corner of her eye.
85) 14) dialog: I've been to a counselor. I've seen her a few times. This makes Samantha look up.
85) 15) dialog: You know what I come from. And I promised myself...I promised myself I would never leave. And I am doin' everything that I can to make that true. The room is quiet. Samantha watches her husband. 63.
87) 0) text: Samantha has Hannah on her lap. She and Curtis listen intently to an ATTENDANT who sits next to them with a fil
87) 2) dialog: Six weeks?
88) 0) text: Curtis stands with Russell over the hood of a pick-up tru They look over a roll of ground water charts. Russell talks and points to the map, but Curtis' attentio focused elsewhere. He watches Dewart in the distance.
88) 3) dialog: Yeah. 64.
88) 6) dialog: Yeah. That sounds good. We'll get it done. Russell rolls up the charts. They walk toward the work si toward Dewart.
89) 3) dialog: I need a favor Jim.
89) 5) dialog: Can you take Dewart off my crew? Just reassign him someplace else. Jim sets his pen down and leans back.
89) 7) dialog: No, nothin' like that. He's a good worker. He's a good man. He's my friend. I think it'd be easier not being in charge of someone I'm so close to. Jim nods.
89) 10) dialog: Yes sir. I appreciate that but... well it would just be very helpful in this case.
89) 12) dialog: No. Whoever you think's right.
89) 14) dialog: Thank you. Curtis turns to leave the office.
89) 16) dialog: I know. My daughter's had a lot of doctor's visits. I haven't let anything get behind.
89) 18) dialog: Yessir. Curtis shows himself out.
90) 0) text: The sun has just set and a purple hue hangs over everythi Curtis stands in the very back of the yard and watches a guide a long, flatbed trailer up the driveway. An 18 foot metal SHIPPING CONTAINER rides on the back.
92) 0) text: Curtis meanders inside. He sees police tactical and survi gear behind the counter. Chief among them is a collection gas masks hanging on the rear partition.
92) 2) dialog: Yeah. Can I look at one of these gas masks?
92) 4) dialog: The newest one. The OWNER of the store removes a mask and hands it to him Curtis fiddles with the mask. 67.
92) 6) dialog: How much?
92) 8) dialog: Anything cheaper?
92) 10) dialog: You got any kids sizes?
92) 12) dialog: Yeah. Ring me up a couple of `em.
93) 0) text: Curtis stands at the driver's door of his pick-up. The bo sits on the seat in front of him. He opens it and removes one of the gas masks. He stares into its vacant plastic eyes. He drops the mask back into the box and shakes his head. Sighs, frustrated with it all. He checks over his shoulder, scans the parking lot.
94) 0) text: Curtis stands on top of the shipping container that rests the hole roughly a foot below the yard. Wearing tinted goggles, he cuts a circular hole in the top of the contai with a small blowtorch. The sparks stop and Curtis raises the goggles to inspect work. He kicks at the weld with the heel of his boot and metal falls into the container. 68.
94) 4) dialog: Just addin' on to the storm shelter.
94) 6) dialog: Just `cause. Kyle notices the PVC piping running in the trenches.
94) 8) dialog: Oh, yeah. From our well. Runnin' sewer out to the city line.
94) 10) dialog: It's not bad.
94) 13) dialog: Yeah. 69.
94) 16) dialog: I'm not. Kyle is staring him down. Curtis just looks at the shelte There's a long silence shared between them.
94) 18) dialog: I figured. Curtis climbs back onto the shipping container and contin installing the roof vent.
94) 19) dialog: Called you to come tell me to quit?
94) 22) dialog: So what?
94) 24) dialog: No. No more than anybody else.
94) 26) dialog: Uh, huh...Hey, look. You wanna come by and have dinner sometime, Kyle. That's fine. We'll have a beer and talk about the old days, but you got somethin' to say just say it.
94) 30) dialog: Well I appreciate it Kyle.
94) 32) dialog: Yeah. A few days ago.
94) 34) dialog: You should see her. Take your girls.
94) 37) dialog: No. I've got it. Kyle nods.
94) 39) dialog: I will. Kyle looks at him for a moment. He turns and walks toward the driveway.
94) 40) dialog: Hey Kyle? Kyle turns back. Curtis climbs onto the yard and walks ov to him.
94) 41) dialog: Actually you could do me a favor.
94) 44) dialog: You still looking for a dog?
95) 0) text: Curtis slaps down the tailgate to Kyle's truck, which is parked in the driveway. Red, tail wagging, hops up into t bed. Curtis closes the tailgate and sets a leash and two bowls into the back of the truck. Curtis rubs Red behind the ears.
95) 1) dialog: They got a good spot for you, okay bud. Kyle stands at the passenger door to the truck.
95) 3) dialog: Yeah.
95) 5) dialog: Hey Kyle?
95) 7) dialog: Take care of yourself.
96) 0) text: Hannah, fresh from the tub, stands to let Curtis rub her head with a towel. He finishes and stands.
96) 1) dialog: All right. Bedtime. Hannah looks up at him. Curtis signs his hand like a pill then touches his watch. They move out of the bathroom.
97) 0) text: Curtis sits on the edge of his bed staring at the window their room. He's already dressed for work. He watches as the thick, dark rain hits the window and streaks. He has a curious look on his face. MOVING, down the hall. MOVING, past the den. MOVING, into the kitchen. Curtis stops at the entry to the kitchen. Samantha, weari a robe, stands with her back to him. She's cooking someth at the stove. Curtis notices the back door standing open. HARD RAIN sla down outside. He looks down at the tile floor. WET FOOTPRINTS track inside. They lead to where Samantha is standing. She turns to him She's pale with a vacant look on her face. Her hair is soaking wet. Curtis looks at her, concerned. She stares back, emotionless. She slowly looks down at the counter next to her. A kitchen knife rests there. Curtis looks at the knife. They look at one another again 73.
98) 0) text: Curtis sits at the breakfast table across from Hannah. He looks over at Samantha. She cooks, her back to him. Hanna climbs out of her chair and goes to look out the back doo Samantha turns and dishes eggs onto Curtis' plate.
98) 3) dialog: Ah shit.
99) 0) text: Jim, Curtis' boss, stands with his hands on his hips look down at the planted shipping container. Curtis approaches
99) 1) dialog: Hey Jim.
99) 3) dialog: Yeah. It was just a hauler and a backhoe. It was Saturday. I had `em back in less than 8 hours.
99) 9) dialog: Well, I'm sorry Jim. I hadn't thought of that. Thank God nothin' like that happened. You know? I'll do whatever I can to make it right.
99) 11) dialog: Did you fire Dewart?
100) 0) text: Samantha clears the table. Hannah sits, watching her fath walk in. Curtis stops just inside the door, closes it.
100) 1) dialog: I've been fired. Samantha continues clearing the dishes to the sink. She doesn't look up.
100) 3) dialog: We get two more weeks. Samantha slams the plates into the sink. They break. She holds her head back and stares at the ceiling. She walks over to Curtis...
100) 4) dialog: I'm sorry... ...and SLAPS him across the face. Hannah begins to cry. 75.
101) 0) text: Curtis walks down the hallway to Kendra's office. The doo ajar, he knocks and enters.
102) 0) text: Curtis finds ANDY(42), a man in khakis and a button up, sitting behind the desk.
102) 1) dialog: Oh, `scuse me. Andy rises from his chair.
102) 3) dialog: Yeah.
102) 6) dialog: What happened to Kendra?
102) 8) dialog: Huh.
103) 0) text: Curtis' truck is parked in the driveway with the hood up the engine running. Curtis stands over the vibrating engine, studying it. He looks at the belts. He watches them move.
104) 0) text: Curtis hefts a porcelain toilet down the steps of the shelter. A dull light glows through the new entryway that been knocked out through the back left wall. Curtis goes through it.
107) 0) text: Samantha steps out of the house. She walks over to Curtis who is standing on a grassy section of the yard over an assortment of auto parts. They don't speak for a moment.
107) 2) dialog: That's the alternator from the truck.
107) 6) dialog: I was just trying to figure out a way to charge enough batteries to run lights down there. Ah, what the hell? Maybe I'll hook it up to your old exercycle. Samantha almost smiles. Curtis keeps his eyes on the part
107) 7) dialog: You gonna leave me? Samantha looks at his hands. They hang by his sides.
107) 9) dialog: I'm sorry.
107) 11) dialog: Yeah.
107) 13) dialog: Yeah.
107) 15) dialog: Doctor Shannan gave me the number of somebody. But, uh, I just don't think we can afford it. 79.
107) 18) dialog: I don't want to see any of those people.
107) 20) dialog: All right. Curtis nods. Samantha let's go of his hand and walks back the house. Curtis goes back to studying the auto parts.
108) 0) text: The inside of the club is a musty banquet hall with wood panelled walls and a drop tile ceiling. The place is pack Rows of folding tables fill the center of the room. A lon LINE has formed along the side wall that wraps to a servi station at the back. Heated metal bins filled with fried oysters and french fries. Curtis gets in line with his family.
108) 2) dialog: How many pieces does Hannah get?
109) 0) text: Lewis sits with Cammie and their baby. He laughs and talk with another man. From a different table, Russell leans o to eye Curtis. 80.
109) 3) dialog: Not here man. Dewart taps him on the shoulder again.
109) 7) dialog: I know.
109) 9) dialog: I know. I'm sorry. Dewart shoves him in the chest.
109) 11) dialog: Come on. Dewart punches Curtis in the face. It stings.
109) 12) dialog: God dammit. 81.
109) 16) dialog: 
109) 18) dialog: You think I'm crazy?! Huh! Is that what he told you! Curtis TURNS OVER A TABLE. He points to the gawking crowd
109) 19) dialog: Well, listen up! There is a storm comin' like nothing you have ever seen. And not a one of you is prepared for it.
109) 23) dialog: Sleep well in your beds. Cause if this thing comes true, there ain't gonna be any more. Curtis looks down at Dewart. He turns to see Hannah. She's tucked under her Mother's l crying. This hits him hard. He stops. Looking at Samantha his eyes fill with tears. 82.
110) 0) text: Hannah stands on a toolbox and rests her elbows on the si of Curtis' truck. The hood is open. She watches her fathe fiddle with re-installing the alternator. His fingers covered in grease. Hannah steps down from the toolbox and walks into the fro yard. Curtis pauses, hearing a high-pitched, warbling SOU in the distance. He notices Hannah is gone.
110) 1) dialog: Hannah? He pulls his head out from the hood and sees Hannah stand on the curb. She looks down the street. He runs down his driveway, wiping his hands on a rag and watching the hori
110) 2) dialog: Hannah! A FLOCK OF BIRDS, flying in intricate geometric patterns, swarm above the house at the end of the street. They twis and bend into speckled black shapes. Hannah, watching, walks into the street. Curtis catches h by the hand. He turns away from the birds to see a STORM CELL building on the opposite horizon. He scoops Hannah i his arms, stepping back from it. The SOUND of the birds grows louder. Curtis pivots to fin the mass of birds barreling down the street toward him. H turns away as the wall of birds crash past him. The force powerful it knocks him backward. He covers Hannah's head, dodging the onslaught of wind an wings. The Flock passes. Curtis stands, his face cut and scraped. Hannah cries, clinging to his chest.
111) 0) text: Curtis wakes to Samantha shaking him by the shoulders. Sh nearly on top of him in the bed.
112) 0) text: Curtis bursts into the room. Hannah is standing at the window looking out. Curtis scoops her up, scaring her. Sh begins to cry as they run from the room.
113) 0) text: Wind blows fiercely as pellets of hail bounce off the gro Rain cuts at a sharp angle. The Tornado Sirens continue. Curtis, Hannah in his arms and Samantha close behind, exi the back of the house and heads to the storm shelter. He passes Hannah to Samantha and fumbles with the padlock ke At the doors to the shelter, Samantha holds her robe up t shield Hannah from the hail. Curtis gets the lock and ope the door. They go inside.
114) 0) text: Curtis slams the doors behind them. It's pitch black unti he gets to the switch on the lantern. The room fills with the orange glow as Curtis snaps the padlock through the d handles. 84.
114) 2) dialog: Come on. It's okay. Curtis leads them through the entry to the larger section the shelter. Samantha takes Hannah and sits with her on o of the cots. She's signing to her, trying to calm her dow
114) 3) dialog: It's okay. All right. Come on. Sit down. Curtis goes to a trunk in the corner and begins rooting through it. He removes two gas masks and an oxygen mask connected to a small tank. He goes over and kneels in front of Hannah. He tries slipping the oxygen mask over her face. Samantha grabs hi wrist.
114) 5) dialog: It's okay. It's oxygen. Here. Put this on. Curtis hands Samantha a gas mask.
114) 7) dialog: Please just do it. Okay? He looks to Hannah and places an oxygen mask over her fac
114) 8) dialog: There we go. All right. Keep it out of your eyes. Okay? He signs to her.
114) 9) dialog: Hey. I love you. It's okay. Curtis eases on the knob at the top of the tank. He climbs onto the cot and puts his arm around them. He slips on his gas mask. Samantha is hesitant. She looks at her husband in the mas and leans back against the side of the container. Hannah looks up at her. She touches her mother's mask. Samantha slips on the gas mask. 85.
115) 0) text: A CRACK of thunder rattles the shelter. Curtis snaps awak still wearing his gas mask. Samantha has climbed on the other cot and is asleep. Hann sleeps under Curtis' arm. He gently lays her down on the and stands to stretch. He walks into the original section of the shelter and gra small flashlight off the metal shelving. He clicks it on moves over to the concrete steps. He takes a seat and listens. He places his hand onto the metal door. A BOOM of thunder. He can hear the rain and wind blowing outside.
116) 0) text: Samantha rubs Curtis' shoulder, gently waking him.
116) 2) dialog: Where's your mask?
116) 4) dialog: No. Curtis hesitates.
116) 8) dialog: 
116) 11) dialog: What if it's not over?
116) 13) dialog: It's still storming.
116) 15) dialog: I can hear it. Samantha stares at him. The room is silent.
116) 17) dialog: Put your hand on the door. You can feel it. He takes Samantha's wrist and guides her to the doors. He watches her face as she places a hand against the metal. looks at him, her eyes getting red, and shakes her head " Curtis kneels in front of Hannah and mimics the signs fro earlier.
116) 18) dialog: (signing and speaking) Thunder? Do you feel it? 87.
116) 20) dialog: (signing and speaking) You feel it? You feel it? Hannah walks to her mother. Samantha holds onto her. Curtis steps back from them. They watch him, their backs the doors. He flinches and covers his mouth.
116) 21) dialog: I'm sorry.
116) 23) dialog: I'm sorry. Samantha walks over to him.
116) 25) dialog: I'm sorry. I can't. Samantha looks at the keys, then at Curtis. Tears shake f his trembling face.
116) 27) dialog: Could you move Hannah back? 88.
117) 0) text: Curtis rises through the storm shelter's entryway. Out of the corner of his eye he catches, A MAN PASSING BY. Curtis is startled. He turns to see a CREW of MEN from th power company hoisting a ladder onto the pole at the corn of the house. A power line dangles overhead. He turns to see NEIGHBORS in their yards clearing debris. Leaves and branches clutter the ground. The aftermath of storm. Samantha steps out of the shelter holding Hannah. She surveys the damage.
117) 1) dialog: It's fine. She walks over to Curtis and hugs him. He kisses Samantha the head. Curtis looks up at the sky.
118) 0) text: Curtis sits with Samantha in the plush office of a PSYCHIATRIST(56). Curtis rubs his hand over the soft leat upholstery on the couch.
118) 2) dialog: I don't have a job right now.
118) 12) dialog: You mean I have to leave my family.
119) 0) text: Curtis scoops handfuls of sand out of a foot deep hole on beach. He slops the wet mixture into a castle shaped buck his back to the shoreline of gentle, breaking waves.
119) 1) dialog: (signing and speaking) Hey. Good, huh? Hannah sits on her knees in front of Curtis sprinkling dr sand over castle shaped mounds already formed.
121) 2) dialog: Good. We put a top on it. Curtis smooths out the sand in the castle shaped bucket a turns it over to top off their sand mound. He hands the bucket over for Hannah to refill. The SOUND of the waves behind them has STOPPED. They don' notice. Curtis takes two fingers and digs a small trench around t sand castle.
121) 4) dialog: What is it honey? Curtis misses it. He shakes his head, "no", and Hannah si again, slowly: "S-T-O-R-M".
121) 5) dialog: What? Curtis turns to the shoreline, getting to his feet. He looks down at Hannah, who watches, mesmerized. Scared, she looks to her father. He grabs her under the arms and rests her on his hip. She buries her head into his chest.
121) 15) dialog: Sam. Samantha looks down at her palm. She rubs the thick, visc rain in her fingers. She looks back up at the storm. On Samantha's face,