5) 0) text: Samantha sits at a table running a long piece of sheer fa through her sewing machine. She's making curtains. NAT(37) sips a screwdriver from a clear plastic cup desig not to sweat. She's a woman with rough edges. CAMMIE(24) cradles a brown-haired BABY on top of her pregnant, eight month belly. As Nat speaks, she looks out a sliding glass door at her kids, DJ(7) and SUE(5), playing with Hannah.
5) 1) dialog: They were just drinkin' and laughin' and oh, my god...it was like I was bein' in a museum and I saw the progress from apes to men. I saw it. I saw the future. Dewart, that was him...that was going to be him in 20 years.
5) 3) dialog: Let me tell you, you laugh. You laugh. But this little one in your arms is gonna be shufflin' in a bar just like `em. Yep...
7) 8) dialog: I'll call next week about the Lions Club supper.
69) 0) text: Curtis blows into a Styrofoam cup and stares through the blinds of an office window. Outside, a flag snaps at the of a pole next to the FIRST NATIONAL BANK sign. He looks down at a NEWSPAPER laid out on an end table nex him. He flips it over and studies the ads on the back. A big one in the corner catches his eye. It reads, "CUYAHOGA GUN AND KNIFE SHOW!" The ad lists ite for sell/trade: ...Tactical Gear, Gas Masks, Batons... Curtis focuses in on the words "Gas Masks" and tears the out. JOHN MYERS(34) enters with a set of papers in his ha Curtis quickly tucks the ad into his back pocket. Myers takes a seat in one of two chairs in front of his d and looks over the papers. He takes a pen out of his pock as Curtis sits down next to him.
91) 0) text: Nat and Samantha sit at the kitchen table going over a li of food in a note pad.
91) 3) dialog: What like slaw? Nat gets up to refill her drink. She looks out the back d and surveys the construction zone. A FORKLIFT lowers the Shipping Container into the giant hole in the backyard. N shakes her head.
91) 5) dialog: Dewart's been tellin' me how strange Curtis has been actin' lately. I am so sorry. Nat brings her drink back to the table and sits. Samantha doesn't look up from her pad.
91) 6) dialog: It's not like you don't have enough on your plate with Hannah. Nat puts her hand on Samantha's. Samantha moves it.
110) 0) text: Hannah stands on a toolbox and rests her elbows on the si of Curtis' truck. The hood is open. She watches her fathe fiddle with re-installing the alternator. His fingers covered in grease. Hannah steps down from the toolbox and walks into the fro yard. Curtis pauses, hearing a high-pitched, warbling SOU in the distance. He notices Hannah is gone.