2) 0) text: SAMANTHA(29) stands at the stovetop stirring eggs in a pa She's still dressed in her sleeping attire, an oversized shirt and pajama bottoms with cartoon frogs on them. HANNAH(5) sits at the kitchen table tearing up a piece of toast and feeding it to the dog. 2.
2) 4) dialog: You slept late.
2) 6) dialog: I've got to finish up some curtains for Saturday, and Nat and Cam are coming over.
2) 9) dialog: Yeah. Cammie said she just needed to get out of the house. Samantha takes her seat at the table.
2) 11) dialog: Cam can hold her own. We need to send in the deposit for the beach condo. He kneels beside his daughter's chair and waits for her t make eye contact. She looks over at him. He speaks using sign language. Three broad, slow gestures. 3.
2) 16) dialog: Okay. Bye. Samantha sips her coffee as Hannah feeds more toast to th dog.
2) 17) dialog: (as she signs) No more food. You, eat.
5) 0) text: Samantha sits at a table running a long piece of sheer fa through her sewing machine. She's making curtains. NAT(37) sips a screwdriver from a clear plastic cup desig not to sweat. She's a woman with rough edges. CAMMIE(24) cradles a brown-haired BABY on top of her pregnant, eight month belly. As Nat speaks, she looks out a sliding glass door at her kids, DJ(7) and SUE(5), playing with Hannah.
5) 2) dialog: Oh my god. Cammie laughs.
6) 0) text: Samantha walks briskly, talking to the other children.
6) 1) dialog: You guys okay?
6) 3) dialog: No. Don't touch. Hannah tilts her head, looking off to the side. Samantha touches her chin bringing her eyes back around.
6) 4) dialog: (signing and speaking) You understand? Hannah nods once, "yes".
6) 5) dialog: Oksy. Come here. Samantha stands and takes the board to a trash pile in th back corner of the yard. A STORM SHELTER is buried in the ground just behind the pile. It's a grass covered mound w two rusted metal doors angled toward the sky. She throws the board onto the heap and wipes her hands on pants. Staring at the pile, she lets out an irritated sig Thunder rumbles low in the distance. She looks up at the approaching clouds and calls to the children as she walks back inside.
6) 6) dialog: Hey, DJ. Bring the girls inside.
7) 7) dialog: Bye guys. Thanks for coming over.
7) 9) dialog: Okay. Love you.
7) 11) dialog: Bye Cam. Running for her car holding a jacket covered car seat. Samantha closes the door and listens to her quiet house. rain outside is the only noise. She heads to the kitchen.
7) 13) dialog: Can you sign s-t-o-r-m? 7.
7) 15) dialog: Storm. Hannah looks back out the window. They watch the storm together.
8) 6) dialog: She was fine. She's still not playin' with the others, though. She can't connect. Honey, you gotta clean up that trash pile in the back. She fished out a board that had nails on it.
8) 9) dialog: I still whisper. He pulls her tight. They stand together in the doorway. T house is silent.
11) 0) text: Eggs cool on a plate. Curtis sits at the kitchen table dressed for work. He sta vacantly at his breakfast. He looks up at Hannah. She sits on the floor surrounded b toy building blocks and plays with the dog. She rubs unde Red's chest and in turn he licks her face. She smiles and gently pushes him away. Samantha sits with her knees up drinking coffee. 11.
11) 2) dialog: Curtis?
11) 4) dialog: Did you hear me? You got to be home, showered, ready to walk out the door by six tonight. Curtis stands up and goes over to Hannah. He grabs her of the floor and she begins to protest with kicks and crying
11) 5) dialog: What's wrong?
11) 7) dialog: She's fine down there. She had toast already. Curtis, against flailing, manages to get Hannah in her ch Curtis backs off, frustrated. Hannah climbs down from her chair and goes back to the floor and the dog.
11) 9) dialog: Curtis?
11) 12) dialog: You didn't eat anything? Heading out.
15) 17) dialog: Come on we gotta go.
17) 0) text: Curtis, Samantha, and Hannah sit on the floor in a circle atop the colored rug. Samantha turns over large flashcards with illustrated sce on them. They take turns making the corresponding sign. Curtis stares at Samantha, but she's still giving him the cold shoulder. Finally, while holding up a card, she look at him. He signs, "I'm sorry". A fist moving in a circula motion at his chest. 16.
17) 2) dialog: You're not sorry.
17) 4) dialog: Well, you stink. You smell really bad. He smiles.
17) 8) dialog: Stop.
19) 0) text: Samantha walks down the hallway holding Hannah's shoes. Hannah trails behind her.
19) 1) dialog: Here honey. Put on your shoes
19) 3) dialog: Good, you're up. Curtis doesn't turn to greet her. He just stirs a spoon i the black coffee. Samantha walks up to him and puts a hand on his back. She notices that his shirt is soaked with sweat. 19.
19) 5) dialog: Honey, you're soaked. He turns, taking a sip from the mug. She feels his forehe
19) 6) dialog: Are you sick?
19) 8) dialog: I guess we could stay home if we need to.
19) 10) dialog: It's Saturday, I was going to take Hannah to my booth.
19) 12) dialog: You look really sick honey.
19) 14) dialog: Let me get you some Advil. She heads for the hallway.
19) 16) dialog: You sure?
19) 19) dialog: Okay. I got my phone if you need anything. Don't forget Sunday lunch is here tomorrow. This reminder makes Curtis rub his face with a grunt.
19) 20) dialog: If you're sick, we should cancel.
19) 22) dialog: Okay, we'll talk later. She heads for the door with Hannah.
19) 23) dialog: Come on. Let's go.
19) 26) dialog: Okay. Samantha scoops up her bag and takes Hannah by the hand. leave the room. Curtis notices the dog, Red, sitting on his haunches look at him. Curtis stares back, sipping his coffee.
21) 0) text: -A linen sheet floats down over a folding table. -The hanging bag is placed on a portable clothes rod. -Hands place an assortment of home sewn crafts like napki and embroidered pillows out onto the table. -A tackle box is opened revealing a tray of small bills a change. A calculator is removed. Hannah kneels in front of a folding chair behind their BO at an open-air flea market. She uses the seat of the chai as a table for a tiny porcelain tea set. Samantha stands over her display table smiling and noddin perusing CUSTOMERS.
23) 0) text: Samantha turns to see a large woman holding up an intrica embroidered pillow. You can tell by the look of her that she's a flea market a BARGAIN HUNTER(54).
23) 3) dialog: This pillow's fifteen dollars.
23) 5) dialog: This is all hand stitched. It takes a really long time. That's why I charge that.
23) 7) dialog: I can't go that low.
23) 9) dialog: How about 10? The woman doesn't look up.
23) 11) dialog: That's fine. The woman smiles and removes a Ziplock bag of assorted co from her purse. Hannah takes the bag.
23) 12) dialog: Lucky for you she likes to count change. Hannah opens the bag and begins to turn it over.
29) 0) text: Samantha takes a TIN down from the top of the fridge. It designs of starfish and other ocean creatures on it. 25.
29) 2) dialog: But that's what I don't understand. If he didn't do anything why did you put him out back? Samantha counts out the money earned at the flea market. sets a portion aside and closes the tackle box. Curtis sa something, but it's inaudible.
29) 3) dialog: What? She opens the tin and removes an envelope with the word "BEACH" written on it in black sharpie. Samantha adds the money to the envelope and puts up the jar. She opens the fridge and takes out the milk.
29) 6) dialog: You hear me? I said if he didn't do anything why did you have to put him outside? Curtis' attention is on the TV. Samantha sits on the couc
29) 8) dialog: He's your dog. He's always been an inside dog.
29) 10) dialog: Hannah loves Red.
29) 20) dialog: It's awful.
31) 0) text: Curtis gasps for air. It doesn't come. Gasp. He's sucking for a breath. Hyperventilating. He rises up in bed, gasping. His face flushed and head soaked in sweat. His eyes dart around the room, frantical searching his surroundings. One more gasp, and air enters his lungs. He coughs. More air. Long, deep breaths. He's calming down. His breathing comes under control. His attention turns to something else. Something under the sheets. Curtis pulls back the bed sheets. The mattress is soaked YELLOW urine. This scares him. His hand trembles as he reaches out to touch his wet boxe The toilet FLUSHES. Footsteps in heels. Curtis quickly pulls the covers back up. Samantha enters bedroom. She pulls her hair into a tight ponytail and pic earrings off a nearby dresser, her back to Curtis.
31) 2) dialog: Yeah?
31) 4) dialog: You're still not feeling good?
31) 6) dialog: Uh, yeah baby but he'll be closed today. She approaches the bed and he holds his hand out. 29.
31) 9) dialog: Honey if you're not feeling good we take you in somewhere. She walks closer to the bed.
31) 11) dialog: Okay. Do you want me to cancel lunch today...
31) 13) dialog: What is that?
31) 15) dialog: I was gonna leave Hannah with you so I could go to church, but I'm not going to with you like this.
31) 17) dialog: No. She needs breakfast.
31) 20) dialog: I'm sorry that you feel bad but you need to drop the attitude.
31) 22) dialog: What's wrong with you?
31) 25) dialog: Hannah's in the den. We have cereal for her. Samantha stomps out of the room. Curtis sighs. He halfway lifts the sheet then lets it fall again.
38) 0) text: Samantha sits in the dining room at a fully dressed table Steam rises off bowls of mashed potatoes and green beans. Fried chicken piled on a platter. MELVIN(58) taps his finger on the empty plate in front of and subtly checks his watch. JANINE(57) smooths out the embroidered table cloth. KATHRYN(37) and CHARLIE(39) tend to their child, REX(3). repeatedly jams a finger into the potatoes.
38) 1) dialog: Let's just start.
38) 4) dialog: Where the hell have you been?
38) 6) dialog: You're really late.
38) 8) dialog: You didn't even bring your cell phone. Samantha heads back to the dining room. Curtis sucks his teeth.
39) 3) dialog: Dad.
42) 0) text: Samantha sits on the bed in her pajamas applying lotion t her legs. She wipes the remainder on her knuckles and loo at the empty spot on Curtis' side of the bed. 34.
43) 0) text: Samantha walks into the kitchen and turns off the overhea light. She pauses, seeing something in the backyard. She stops at the back door and stares out at the storm shelter. The camp lantern's orange light glows through th open metal doors. She watches for a moment.
50) 0) text: An INSURANCE AGENT(62) sits behind her desk with the phon her ear. She's an older woman wearing a pant suit. Samantha sits by a fake plant and sips a Coke. She watche Hannah play with building blocks from a plastic tub provi by the office.
50) 5) dialog: Can I give you a hug? 39.
52) 0) text: Curtis enters the front door, closing it behind him. He turns and is met by Samantha, who wraps her arms around h
52) 2) dialog: I love you.
52) 4) dialog: I have good news. 40.
53) 0) text: Curtis finishes off a dinner of roast and potatoes. Saman sets the piece of paper the Insurance Agent gave her in f of him and begins clearing the table. Hannah draws on a piece of construction paper at the othe end of the table. Samantha picks up a crayon and shows it Hannah.
53) 1) dialog: Green? How `bout a red? She pretends to use the crayon as lipstick.
53) 2) dialog: It was like talking to a sane person for once. She made one phone call. That's it. I've been trying that 800 number for weeks.
53) 7) dialog: Like this. Samantha shows him the sign. Curtis mimics.
54) 0) text: Samantha lies under the covers looking at a real estate magazine. Curtis takes off his clothes by the dresser. He subtly removes a prescription bottle from his pants pocke and cups it in his palm.
54) 1) dialog: Oh, honey. Look at this one. It's a 2-1 and it sits directly on the beach. Wouldn't that be great? We wouldn't have to worry about Hannah crossing traffic. Curtis walks over and leans in to see the page. They are rental photos of beach condos.
54) 3) dialog: Eight ninety nine a week.
56) 0) text: A crack in the ceiling slowly comes into focus. Curtis sits up in bed, rubbing his eyes. He looks around room. He hears Samantha in the kitchen. He takes a deep breath, smelling the breakfast cooking. Curtis smiles.
57) 0) text: Curtis sits at the kitchen table as Samantha dishes up so eggs. 42.
57) 2) dialog: You sleep well?
57) 4) dialog: You look like you're feeling better. Curtis nods and eats his breakfast.
65) 0) text: Curtis steps quietly into the bedroom. The lights are on, but Samantha has fallen asleep on top of the made bed. He empties his pockets on the dresser and Samantha wakes
65) 1) dialog: Hey.
65) 3) dialog: It's okay. Where you been?
65) 5) dialog: Is she okay?
65) 7) dialog: You shoulda told me we would have gone with you.
65) 9) dialog: Come to bed.
78) 0) text: The class has finished. PARENTS and KIDS trickle out. Samantha stands off to the side speaking with the Teacher
78) 1) dialog: I don't know what our schedule will be, but...
78) 3) dialog: Absolutely.
78) 5) dialog: Good night. As Samantha talks to the Teacher, Curtis looks over flashcards with Hannah. He signs "SUNSHINE", a circle in sky with the hand then coming down, fingers spread.
80) 0) text: Samantha's car pulls up and parks on the opposite side of street from their house. She gets out, puzzled by the Backhoe and Trailer parked in front of her house. Huge light brown tracks of dirt stripe the concrete drive Leading Hannah by the hand, Samantha follows the tracks t the backyard.
80) 4) dialog: Are you out of your mind? She continues into the house. Curtis turns, frustrated. Dewart takes this in, then goes back to his nails. 58.
81) 2) dialog: Not a word. You didn't say one word about this to me. Don't you think you owe me that? Don't you think that you might respect me enough to at least consider what I had to say?
81) 4) dialog: Well I'm worried Curtis. How are you paying for all that?
81) 6) dialog: How could you do that without talking to me? You know the expenses we have comin' up. You want to waste money on a stupid tornado shelter?
81) 8) dialog: You're right. I don't understand. I don't understand half the stuff you've been doin' lately. I don't understand you puttin' Red out back. I don't understand you stayin' up all night in that stupid tornado shelter. You don't come to bed half the time. You leave and don't tell me where you're goin'. Explain that to me. Please. Tell me something that helps me understand why you're bein' like this. 59.
83) 0) text: It's dark and quiet in the house. Samantha sleeps on her side, her back to Curtis. Her head is jostled. More. The bed begins to vibrate. Her eyes open. She turns over to see Curtis. He's having a SEIZURE. Samantha reaches for him. Eyes closed, his body convulses violently. Samantha quickly turns on a bedside lamp.
83) 1) dialog: Curtis! She touches his arms. A small amount of BLOOD begins to trickle from both sides of his mouth.
83) 2) dialog: Baby. Oh, my God. Baby...Oh, my God. Baby. Samantha jumps off the bed and grabs a cordless phone on dresser. She dials, watching her husband continue to shak
83) 3) dialog: I need an ambulance! My husband's having a seizure. 41800 Tindale Road. Hurry up. He's bleeding! Samantha goes over to him. Holding her hands out, cautiou to touch him. 60.
83) 5) dialog: (into the phone) Okay. Okay. Samantha puts the phone receiver down on the nightstand. Operator's VOICE still coming through. She touches his ar Suddenly, the seizures stop. Curtis' body is still. Samantha freezes. His eyes open and he thrashes up in bed. Samantha jumps, tripping and stumbling backward. Curtis sucks short breaths into his lungs. His head darts back and forth, eyes wild. He sees Samantha staring up at him from the floor. He begins to calm down. Curtis touches his mouth. Sees the blood there.
83) 6) dialog: Honey? Samantha stands up and goes over to him. She sits on the edge of the bed and touches his arm. She's scared.
83) 7) dialog: Honey? Are you okay? Curtis slowly nods.
83) 8) dialog: You were having a seizure. I called an ambulance. Curtis sees the phone on the nightstand and grabs it.
83) 10) dialog: What are you doing? Curtis wraps his arms around her. He holds her tight. The SOUND of ambulance sirens approach from the distance. Samantha speaks, her voice trembling.
83) 11) dialog: Baby what's goin' on? 61.
85) 0) text: Curtis turns up a bottle of peroxide and swishes it in hi mouth. It burns. He spits into the kitchen sink. Samantha sits at the table watching him. Concerned, scare She holds a balled up tissue in her hand. Curtis takes a seat across the table. She waits for him to say something
85) 2) dialog: What's goin' on?
85) 9) dialog: That's why you put him out back?
85) 11) dialog: What was the dream? Tonight.
87) 0) text: Samantha has Hannah on her lap. She and Curtis listen intently to an ATTENDANT who sits next to them with a fil
87) 4) dialog: It's wonderful.
91) 0) text: Nat and Samantha sit at the kitchen table going over a li of food in a note pad.
91) 1) dialog: I know they just usually do oysters and fries but what if we did something healthier on the side? 66.
91) 4) dialog: I don't know. Maybe a vegetable or salad.
91) 7) dialog: Things are fine. We're fine. Nat smiles sympathetically.
97) 0) text: Curtis sits on the edge of his bed staring at the window their room. He's already dressed for work. He watches as the thick, dark rain hits the window and streaks. He has a curious look on his face. MOVING, down the hall. MOVING, past the den. MOVING, into the kitchen. Curtis stops at the entry to the kitchen. Samantha, weari a robe, stands with her back to him. She's cooking someth at the stove. Curtis notices the back door standing open. HARD RAIN sla down outside. He looks down at the tile floor. WET FOOTPRINTS track inside. They lead to where Samantha is standing. She turns to him She's pale with a vacant look on her face. Her hair is soaking wet. Curtis looks at her, concerned. She stares back, emotionless. She slowly looks down at the counter next to her. A kitchen knife rests there. Curtis looks at the knife. They look at one another again 73.
98) 0) text: Curtis sits at the breakfast table across from Hannah. He looks over at Samantha. She cooks, her back to him. Hanna climbs out of her chair and goes to look out the back doo Samantha turns and dishes eggs onto Curtis' plate.
98) 1) dialog: You okay? She touches his hand. Curtis FLINCHES. Their eyes meet. He wants to take it back, and she can se that. It begins to sink in for her. Hannah vocalizes something behind them. Samantha looks at her husband, shakes her head in disbeli Hannah makes another sound, pounds on the back door. Samantha turns and sees a MAN standing in their backyard. She flinches.
98) 2) dialog: Who's that? Curtis stands to see out the back door.
100) 0) text: Samantha clears the table. Hannah sits, watching her fath walk in. Curtis stops just inside the door, closes it.
100) 2) dialog: What about the health insurance?
105) 0) text: Samantha walks inside followed by Hannah and a WOMAN from flea market.
105) 1) dialog: I'm so sorry. I completely forgot.
105) 3) dialog: Here. I hope you like them. Samantha hands over the plastic bag.
105) 5) dialog: That's terrific. It's fine. 77.
105) 7) dialog: Call me if they don't work and I'm sorry again.
106) 0) text: Samantha tucks Hannah into bed. She kisses her on the hea and turns out the bedside lamp. Samantha leaves the room.
107) 0) text: Samantha steps out of the house. She walks over to Curtis who is standing on a grassy section of the yard over an assortment of auto parts. They don't speak for a moment.
107) 1) dialog: What's that?
107) 8) dialog: You flinched when I touched your hand this morning.
107) 10) dialog: I was in one of your dreams? Curtis nods.
107) 12) dialog: Can you deal with that? He holds open his hand to her. She takes it.
107) 14) dialog: Okay. Then I made a decision. We cancel the beach trip. We have enough to cover bills for the next two months with your last check. I'm going to get a job. You're gonna find another job. I'm going to call to see if we can move Hannah's surgery up. We'll need to see what it costs to extend your policy to the end of the year. I want you to see a psychiatrist. Not a counselor from the free clinic. Someone good.
107) 17) dialog: We'll find the money. Also, the Lions Club supper's this weekend. I want you to come with me.
107) 19) dialog: I want you to go. I need to do something normal.
108) 3) dialog: Just one. Curtis uses tongs to grab pieces of fried oyster. Looking up, he can see back through the kitchen to an open door outside. Dewart stands there over a butane fired frying p He wears an apron and stares at Curtis. Curtis moves down the line.
109) 5) dialog: Curtis.
109) 14) dialog: 
111) 0) text: Curtis wakes to Samantha shaking him by the shoulders. Sh nearly on top of him in the bed.
111) 1) dialog: Curtis! Wake up! Wake up! TORNADO SIRENS continue to scream throughout the neighborhood. Curtis looks to the window. Rain and hail are battering t house. He jumps to his feet and grabs Samantha by the arm They rush out of the room.
113) 0) text: Wind blows fiercely as pellets of hail bounce off the gro Rain cuts at a sharp angle. The Tornado Sirens continue. Curtis, Hannah in his arms and Samantha close behind, exi the back of the house and heads to the storm shelter. He passes Hannah to Samantha and fumbles with the padlock ke At the doors to the shelter, Samantha holds her robe up t shield Hannah from the hail. Curtis gets the lock and ope the door. They go inside.
114) 4) dialog: No. Don't do that.
114) 6) dialog: Are you kidding?
115) 0) text: A CRACK of thunder rattles the shelter. Curtis snaps awak still wearing his gas mask. Samantha has climbed on the other cot and is asleep. Hann sleeps under Curtis' arm. He gently lays her down on the and stands to stretch. He walks into the original section of the shelter and gra small flashlight off the metal shelving. He clicks it on moves over to the concrete steps. He takes a seat and listens. He places his hand onto the metal door. A BOOM of thunder. He can hear the rain and wind blowing outside.
116) 0) text: Samantha rubs Curtis' shoulder, gently waking him.
116) 1) dialog: Wake up babe. Curtis' head moves. He sees that Samantha and Hannah have removed their masks.
116) 3) dialog: We took them off. It's fine. Take it off.
116) 5) dialog: We're fine. Take it off. Curtis slips the mask off his face. Worried, he takes a breath.
116) 6) dialog: You need to open the door now. 86.
116) 10) dialog: What?
116) 12) dialog: It's over. Get the keys. Open the door. Curtis slowly gets to his feet. He sees the dark entryway the original section of the shelter. Taking the lantern, walks to it. Samantha and Hannah follow. Curtis stops just inside. He holds the lantern up, illuminating the padlocked metal doors. He looks back at his family, then climbs the steps. He places his hand on the door. He flinches.
116) 14) dialog: No. It's not.
116) 16) dialog: I don't hear anything.
116) 22) dialog: Baby, there's no storm outside.
116) 24) dialog: Curtis. I wouldn't lie to you. We love you very much. Please open the door. Curtis is on the verge of tears. He slowly reaches into his jeans pocket. He removes the keys. He holds them out to Samantha.
116) 26) dialog: I love you, but if I open the door, then nothin's gonna change. You'll see that everything's fine, but nothing will change. Please. This is what it means to stay with us. This is something you have to do. He looks at Hannah, then Samantha. Curtis steadies himsel trying to control his flinching. He wipes his face with t back of his hands and takes a deep breath. Curtis walks toward the doors. On the steps, he reaches u to the padlock. The keys shake in his fingers. He turns t Samantha.
117) 0) text: Curtis rises through the storm shelter's entryway. Out of the corner of his eye he catches, A MAN PASSING BY. Curtis is startled. He turns to see a CREW of MEN from th power company hoisting a ladder onto the pole at the corn of the house. A power line dangles overhead. He turns to see NEIGHBORS in their yards clearing debris. Leaves and branches clutter the ground. The aftermath of storm. Samantha steps out of the shelter holding Hannah. She surveys the damage.
118) 0) text: Curtis sits with Samantha in the plush office of a PSYCHIATRIST(56). Curtis rubs his hand over the soft leat upholstery on the couch.
118) 8) dialog: We usually go on a trip to Myrtle Beach every summer. We were gonns go this month.
118) 10) dialog: What does that mean?
120) 0) text: Samantha drops four hotdogs into a boiling pot of water a stirs a bubbling pot of canned chili. 90.
121) 16) dialog: Okay. THE END.