12) 44) dialog: You know, Mr. Carson, when one starts to perceive one's own reflection as a completely separate being, one is suddenly confronted with two entirely separate egos, two entirely separate worlds that can surface at any given moment-
12) 47) dialog: A feeling of self-hatred, generally triggered by a psychological shock can split the personality in two, hence creating two or more personalities with distinct memories or behavior patterns within the same individual. The patient then has a faulty perception of the existence of two distinct worlds, which are principally the "real" word, and the world "inside the mirror".                                              The two men pass a number of guards and security check-po they head down towards the hospital's film and video arch
12) 49) dialog: In my opinion, he was convinced that he was telling the truth when he claimed he didn't kill his family. I too am convinced that when it happened, Terrence was not himself, but rather his double, his mirror image, one might say. He enters the archives, followed by Ben-
12) 51) dialog: These recordings are from Terrence's trial. You will find that they speak for themselves. He pushes the tape into the deck. A grainy picture appear the screen- We discover TERRENCE BERRY, sitting behind a desk. His ha cuffed. Facing him, DR. MORRIS is leading the cross-exami
12) 58) dialog: Why did you set the department store on fire?
12) 60) dialog: What made you think you absolutely had to destroy those mirrors, Terrence?
12) 61) text: Terrence remains silent. Dr. Morris repeats his question-
12) 62) dialog: What made you want to destroy those mirrors, Terrence?
12) 64) dialog: For what reason? Why would mirrors want to kill your family?
12) 67) dialog: Didn't do what?
12) 70) dialog: Who are the others you're talking                        about?
12) 75) dialog: And what happened?
12) 79) dialog: Tell me about Esseker, Terrence. Terrence doesn't speak.
12) 80) dialog: Who is Esseker, Terrence? Suddenly, Terrence's behavior shifts to another extreme. stands up, and flying into a rage, he becomes brutal and hysterical-