4) 33) text: Ben comes a bit closer. His gaze freezes when he realizes that Gary is not standi front of the mirror with his face pressed against it, but
4) 45) text: Ben shuts the door and examines the UPS box. He's not use getting many deliveries. He flips it over to see who it i THE SENDER IS GARY LEWIS... Ben grabs a kitchen knife to open the parcel. He tears aw cardboard and empties out the contents onto the living ro table-
6) 9) text: From his pocket, Ben takes out Gary's driver's license. H it to her-
6) 27) text: He lifts the sheet, revealing Gary Lewis' upper body- Gary's eyes are rolled upwards and his throat is wide ope skin has become translucent, almost purple. His contorted is frozen in a deadly expression of profound suffering... flesh has started to decompose and putrefy. Ben stares at the body, in search of a hint, a clue, any information... Amy becomes impatient.
6) 40) dialog: 
7) 0) text: On the shelves, photographs of Michael and Daisy stand ne the medical records and legal-medicine textbooks. Sitting behind Amy's desk, Ben is studying Gary Lewis' fi flips back and forth through the different documents, photographs, and police reports. Amy observes him, perplexed. We sense that she is concern about Ben's strange behavior and over sensitivity.
8) 0) text: The sun sets behind the Harlem skyline. Ben's Oldsmobile pulls over in the street- He has decided pass by Gary Lewis' old house before his nightshift. He presses the doorbell next to Gary Lewis' name. An old answers-
9) 0) text: MRS. LEWIS is at least 80 years old, and almost blind beh thick glasses. She lives alone in the small apartment tha used to share with her grandson. We sense that she is distraught by Gary's death.
11) 0) text: Back in the Queens apartment, Ben still hasn't gotten any On the wall, he is assembling all the newspaper clippings articles and photographs that Gary sent him. Each and every mirror in Angela's apartment has been cove with sheets, blankets, old rags- anything he could find t neutralize the reflective surfaces. With the phone cradled between his ear and shoulder he is middle of a heated conversation-
11) 2) text: Ben hangs up the phone and remains in front of the wall c with clippings for a moment. Now he can have a clear over Gary's investigative research. All the articles date back approximately to the same peri are all related to the fire that ravaged Mayflower five y ago. But not a hint of Esseker. Ben studies the newspaper clippings, trying to piece the together- " Deadly Fire at Mayflower- 29 dead and 78 wounded " "   Brutal Massacre- Mother and her three daughters slaug " ...the children, drowned, in the bathtub... " " ...the throat slit open... " " Mayflower's security guard taken in for questioning...