4) 0) text: A suburban home outside Washington. A security gate at th a long drive, with walls surrounding the house and garden Inside, in the kitchen, RINA makes breakfast, while the T Through open glass doors, out in the garden, a man is lyi back, playing with his children. KATIE, aged seven, plays ball. PETER, aged five, bounces on his father’s stomach,
4) 5) dialog: Mailman. She cycles through six different screens. Each one shows security camera image of every side of the house, the gar back to the front gate - where she sees the mailman get o
4) 6) dialog: It's a mailwoman today. She's cute, you want to see?
4) 8) dialog: Every day. H smiles, and leans on the counter. RINA turns the TV bac
5) 21) text: RINA is ironing clothes in the kitchen. In the living roo reading to PETER and KATIE. So Mummy Bear and Daddy Bear and Baby Bear all fell fast asleep. You think it’s true?
9) 6) dialog: Freeze! You turn round and I shoot. IN THE NEXT ROOM, UNSWORTH creeps towards the hall, gun r
9) 7) dialog: Put your gun on the floor and slide it away.
9) 9) dialog: You shut up, slide the gun away and turn round. TUCKER complies.
9) 11) dialog: You take out your ID, throw it at my feet. TUCKER does so. RINA slowly bends down to pick it up. UNS now behind the open doorway. His cell phone rings. RINA l UNSWORTH comes round the corner.
9) 14) dialog: 
29) 0) text: RINA stands in the crowded lobby in her head-scarf and pl clothes, jooking out of place, a suitcase and black bag b her. An MP stands nearby. H goes to her.
29) 2) dialog: How do you do? 52. RINA holds out her hand. FIORINI is stunned. H looks at h FIORINI takes the hand.
30) 0) text: Outside the glass door, FIORINI and WINSTON watch H and R having a picnic under a tree. In their beautiful oasis of lies with his head on RINA’s la eating a sandwich. A suit open nearby, with his clothes, Eowels; washing kit, neatl stacked. WINSTON shakes his head in disbelief.
30) 2) dialog: I brought you the blue pajamas.
30) 4) dialog: The children play with them.
30) 6) dialog: One hour, if no traffic.
30) 9) dialog: With cream? 53.
30) 14) dialog: I wish it would. They look up. FIORINI too. White clouds, blue sky, beauti chink of metal makes her look down. H has opened the blac and takes out blades, pincers, clamps. FIORINI watches in
30) 15) dialog: It’s all there, I checked. CHARLIE calls out from the glass door.
30) 18) dialog: Of course.
30) 20) dialog: I lost my first family. In Bosnia. Three men came. They were neighbors, wet ‘normal’. I was raped in front of amily. Then they were killed in front of me. All the pieces that could be cut off, were cut off. My little boy was last to die. These were ‘normal’ men. I was arrested, given to H. He is a good man, I respect him.
30) 22) dialog: You do not “love” such a man. Love is easy. Respect, that is hard. Duty is har Courage is hard.
30) 24) dialog: Yes, it is very hard. He knows how far he will have to go. You Americans are so soft. But you will learn. Your time is coming. H approaches.
36) 1) text: FIORINI comes out of the glass door. TRUMAN is on guard t walks fast, straight to the tree. There, H and RINA sit t watching a DVD of KATIE and PETER. H holds a cell-phone, teddy bear, and a child’s painting.
36) 8) dialog: My husband needs you. I_am jealous, I wish I could help him. If he fails, it will be bad, yes? FIORINI turns her back and walks away.
67) 8) dialog: You killed him.
67) 10) dialog: Your friends did. You hated him.
67) 12) dialog: They were finished with H. You think they have finished with you? FIORINI doesn’t know the answer. She looks down at H’s co Beyond the ring of mourners, the QUIET MAN and CHARLIE wa