53) 3) dialog: Fine, I guess. My boss is getting to be a pain the ass. Dot disconnects and watches Doug follow Silvia up the Ave
56) 0) text: Doug yawns as he eats with AGENT MOHAMMAD SAID (28), a cr Arab-American. They share the New York Post. Both look li you'd expect from two guys wearing yesterday's clothes. D holds up a paper section.
56) 1) dialog: Sports?
56) 4) dialog: Newspapers. In five different languages. Back on the boys.
56) 6) dialog: And she made three cell calls and received one. It sounded like...
60) 1) dialog: “All the niggers in my hood, say, fuck everything, fuck everything.”
72) 0) text: Doug nods approval. The apartment across from Silvia’s is mid-renovation: exposed wiring, dry wall, concrete floor. A Sleepy Real Estate Baron rubs his face as Doug says...
72) 1) dialog: This will be fine. 48. INT. SILVIA’S LIVING ROOM Two NYPD Cops watch Forensic Technicians in Homeland Secu jackets pack up. A Locksmith changes the door lock. Moham is testing foodstuffs. Silvia sits at her dining table with a glass of water. Au sits with her. As does Audrey’s Date, a man with some sor Sauce spilled on shirt.
77) 0) text: Tobin reads a document. The “The Casual Dead” is on his d SHARI’S VOICE Doug on three. He picks up the phone.
78) 0) text: Qld. Worn. Dark. Doug stands on the landing talking into cell. A Hasidic Man (60) stands behind him.
78) 1) dialog: Janitor lives in a week-to-week in Crown Heights. No one’s home. But the landlord came up. He said he’d let me in. We could make a case for a protective sweep.
78) 2) text: INT. TOBIN’S OFFICE Tobin on the phone as before. He considers the legalities Doug’s query. Meanwhile... SHARI’S VOICE Rory Robb on seven.
79) 0) text: The door creaks opens for Doug and the Landlord. 55.
79) 2) dialog: (sotto) Fuck. Doug fishes for his phone and answers without taking his off the hallway.
79) 3) dialog: Yeah?
79) 5) dialog: What? INT. TOBIN’S OFFICE Tobin’s in front of his desk now.
79) 7) dialog: Why?
81) 0) text: A potent mix of different ethnicities: West Indians, Afri Americans, Lubavitchers. Every shop seems to have a sign too much text and merchandise spilling out onto the sidew Tobin blows into his hands as he waits in front a three s walk-up with a wig shop on the ground floor. Dot and Doug with him, as is the Landlord.
81) 2) dialog: (to the Landlord) We'll let you know if we need you. He shrugs and goes inte the wig shop. The shorter of the two FBI agents wears an FBI windbreake marked “Terrorism Task Force”, his name is LEMANN (42). H colleague is Agent ALAN (36)
82) 0) text: The door opens quickly. Tobin and Lemann lead. Dot and Al follow. Doug brings up the rear, closing the door behind 57.
83) 7) text: Doug steps over the light switch.
86) 0) text: Tobin, Dot, Doug and the FBI Agents fall back against the wall as two more rounds blast right beneath them. Dead silence.
124) 0) text: Doug watches the helicopter hover over the Secretariat a blocks away. Silvia sits at the table reading.
124) 1) dialog: Coffee? Water?
127) 0) text: Doug now has binoculars on the action a few blocks over a Silvia absentmindedly spins a globe in the corner.
127) 1) dialog: (into his sleeve mic Secure. CLOSE on the world spinning, Silvia’s suddenly hand stops She turns to Africa. She knits her brow. 94. She mutters to herself...
127) 3) dialog: Pardon?
133) 0) text: Protesters yell below. Helicopters hover above. The Sharp Shooter Team Leader watches through binoculars. row of his men scope the surrounding buildings. BINOCULAR POV: Doug escorts Silvia over First Avenue. He into his sleeve mic (we hear it via earpiece)...
133) 1) dialog: She says to meet us by the North Gate.
134) 0) text: A C-SPAN Journalist interviews an AMERICAN DIPLOMAT as Si and Doug pass in the background. 98.
135) 0) text: Against a backdrop of protesters out beyond the gate, Sil and Doug walk onto the empty patio. Tobin waits for them the Reutersward sculpture of a gun with a twisted barrel. Silvia clutches her purse as if she wants to hide behind
136) 0) text: Weirdly empty. The metal detectors are now gone, though t cables for them are still present everywhere (they’re bei used in the Delegate’s Lobby). Tobin, Silvia and Doug hurry pass Five UN Cops.
137) 0) text: Tense. The GA President, Chief Wu, Rory, Lemann, Doug and Four UN Cops (one posted at each exit door) are silent as Tobin takes the paperback from Wu and hands it to Silvia. She examines it for a few jittery seconds.
144) 0) text: A small room with two high-backed chairs facing forward. Zawanie and Lud sit in the chairs. Doug leans against a w by the door. Silvia stands in the far corner behind Zuwan She’s staring at him and starting to sweat. Her purse han low off her right shoulder. CLOSE on the purse as she reaches her left hand into it.
147) 0) text: Tobin leads Doug and Silvia through the tent, now free of Cops and metal detectors, closed for police use only. CLOSE on her Silvia’s purse; she clutches it tight.
148) 0) text: Tobin goes to the center of the room and turns to the Lou door. Doug starts to enter but Tobin shakes him off. He watches the door, waiting, waiting. INT. SECRETARY GENERAL’S LOUNGE (GA BUILDING) Lud looks from the second hand on the wall clock to Silvi 107. Her gun is still aimed inside her purse. She forces herse to step closer to Zuwanie. His head still rests against t chair. Her breathing accelerates. She’s fighting ambivale Finally, she raises the purse slightly. One second. Two. Three. Four. Lud doesn’t breathe. Five. Six. Seven. SHE CLOSES HER EYES. Seven. Eight. Nine. She opens her eyes. Silvia Broome is no killer.
156) 0) text: Tobin and Doug look down on the proceedings. The Interpre with them don’t work as the British Ambassador is speakin
156) 2) dialog: I say he’s going down.