48) 0) text: NILS LUD (52) passes the African sculpture. Lud looks lik rust-belt insurance salesman: practical coat, thick glass a very large briefcase. Unaccustomed to cold, he never ta off his gloves. The only thing that suggests a military m is his slight limp.
54) 0) text: Nils Lud sits in the driver's seat watching the Dot and D follow Silvia. He’s listening to a 70’s-era cassette play on the seat beside him; Roger Whittaker sings from its ti speaker. cur TO: INT. TOBIN’S LIVING ROOM (MIDTOWN) - NIGHT Small. Generic. New. Tobin has recently moved in but not yet committed to maki it livable. Half-tied neckties bunch on his dining table. pile of DVDs on the floor await a cabinet. Un-hung pictur frames lean against walls. There’s even a moving box stil one corner. A huge television plays a basketball game. INT. TOBIN’S HALLWAY The game plays in the next room. Tobin leans back against wall, holds a beer, and considers a closed door.
58) 11) dialog: Blood, diamonds and mosquitos are always the same. Nils Lud has a strong Afrikaner accent and a wry smile. T goes and sits behind his desk.
58) 12) dialog: We’re a public company now. I’ve have shares in my case if you are interested. 34.
58) 14) dialog: There is a small problem.
58) 16) dialog: What do you know about her?
58) 18) dialog: From 1996 to 1998, Miss Broome was sexually involved with a young man from Matobo. A graduate student in Canada. She and this man also lived together for one year in New York. Miscegenation is common with White Africans.
58) 20) dialog: The man was Edgar Sukru Kuman- Kuman. Tobin looks at Dot. She nods. He gets up and goes to the window. The Secretariat is visible beneath snow clouds. His fury grows.
58) 21) dialog: We are requesting you place her in protective custody during President Zawanie’s visit. And I wish to talk to her. Lud puts an official-looking letter on Tobin’s desk. A beat.
85) 0) text: TWO AFRICAN MEN breathe heavily, frozen on the stairs in flight. We recognize one of them as the Janitor. The seco man is painfully thin, terrified. Their faces are illumin from below. Nils Lud stands just inside the street door, holding a la gun pointed at the ground (he’s just entered as the men w about to exit). He looks at them with absolute neutrality Suddenly, footsteps can be heard running down the third f stairs. Lud holds up a wait finger to the Africans and po back up the stairs. He knows them. The footsteps run onto second-floor landing. The Africans exchange a look. Reluctantly, the Janitor takes a handgun out of his belt turns around. The Skinny African starts to protest but he Lud’s weapon click and turns to see it pointed at him. He draws a small handgun and assumes a position a few ste down. The agents footsteps now run the second-floor stair The attackers wait. As they footsteps hit the landing overhead, Lud aims at t back of the Janitor’s skull and fires.
86) 1) dialog: Agent Keller?
87) 1) dialog: I believe we are secure. 61. INT. TOBIN’S SPARE BEDROOM The door creaks. Tobin turns on the light. The room is carpeted and newly painted and completely emp except for a neat pile of packing boxes in the very cente Each box is labelled with black marker: JENN. Tobin runs his hand over the boxes, lost in thought.
90) 11) dialog: The bomb is simple, crude. It looks like AFP.
90) 13) dialog: The passport is certainly a fake. 66.
100) 22) dialog: Yes.
100) 24) dialog: Edmond Zuwanie va mourir dans cette Chambre meme. Tobin moves his hand so Lud can see the voice recorder’s light is illuminated.
100) 26) dialog: Edmond Zuwanie va mourir dans cette Chambre meme. Tobin hits stop.
100) 28) dialog: Your investigation continues?
100) 31) dialog: Caprivi. It.is.in.Western. Namibia.
100) 33) dialog: Why did you wish to see me, Agent Keller?
100) 36) dialog: Right, then.
112) 0) text: Nils Lud watches Tobin run past, humming to Roger Whittak
138) 0) text: Empty. Quiet. The doors BANG open. The Secret Service forms a cross around their Zuwanie. Th move him around the entry check point. Zuwanie’s Aides are herded by UN Police toward the metal detectors. Nils Lud tries to follow Zuwanie but...
147) 6) dialog: No.
148) 2) dialog: Get the others. Zuwanie stands. Lud turns and FIRES two shots at the President’s chest. T small room reverberates with the explosions. Silvia recoi into the wall. Lud brings her hand up beside the pistol a FIRES a shot into her temple. Her head jerks, kneels buck She goes limp. Lud still holds her wrist. Tobin throws the DOOR OPEN. Lud’s face tell us he’s realizing there’s NO BLOOD anywhe Dot, Wu, the other Agents, all appear in the door. Lud le Silvia’s wrist go and holds the gun out on a finger... 108.
148) 3) dialog: She shot him. Then herself. I couldn’t get to her in time. Tobin takes the gun and kneels to Silvia. She raises herself from the floor. She’s very much alive. puts her hand in her hair and looks at it. There’s blood her finger tips.
148) 5) dialog: She made an attempt none-the-less.