11) 2) text: A wide glass-enclosed hallway. The SECRETARIAT RISES outs UN Police Chief, LEE WU (54), leads a handful of uniforme Cops. Though he looks a bit like a Hong Kong watch salesm Wu’s accent and attitude are lower-middle-class Brooklyn. is briefed by Irish Assistant Chief, RORY ROBB (37).
11) 4) dialog: The Peruvian Prime Minister began addressing the GA ten minutes ago. The Security Council just ended an emergency session on Matobo.
11) 6) dialog: He came in with one Secret Service agent and one of his own men. We have four men on him, six uniforms in the Hall and six on the doors.
13) 0) text: Chief Wu and Rory wait in the center of the room. It has a large reception desk and two small anterooms, wh are lounges for the Secretary-General and GA President. There are four exit doors: two out to the GA rostrum, one the Foyer and another to stairs that lead up to the booth UN Cop is posted at each exit. The GA President enters from the Hall. His demeanor sugge this is a routine he’s been through too often before.
24) 2) dialog: Protectee is off territory. Satisfied, Chief Wu turns back into his building.
36) 0) text: Empty. Silvia gets off the elevator and hurries down the hallway toward the Secretariat. As she moves past the various Councils, her pace increase It’s not long before she starts to RUN. INT.....GENERAL..ASSEMBLY..HALL. The Hall is silent. We hold on the dark chamber until... RORY’S VOICE And you only heard the one man?
36) 4) dialog: He only spoke French?
36) 6) dialog: What makes you think they saw you? SILVIA’S VOICE He stopped talking when the light came on. Rory and his Assistant exchange a look.
37) 1) dialog: (via walkie-talkie) Sit back as far as possible from the mic. Speak in a normal voice. They lean back in their seats.
38) 0) text: Chief Wu looks up at the light fixture. Rory is with him.
38) 2) dialog: (into a walkie-talkie) Now. They watch the engineer’s headphones as an UN Investigato stilted voice comes out of them.
47) 0) text: Buzz of various languages. A massive SCULPTURE in the shape of Africa and covered wi hand-drawn tiles is being installed. Groups of UN Employe comment on it. The original Sputnik and a copy of Foucaul Pendulum hang from the ceiling. Dot and Tobin are led through the Lobby by Rory as he han them temporary ID badges on neck chains.
47) 1) dialog: Sorry. Everybody needs an ID these day. These are good for seven days. 19.
47) 3) dialog: (nodding) We’re getting thirty threats a day. The Security Council is debating whether to bring charges against him at the International Criminal Court. He’s coming to save himself. A lot of people would like to scare him off.
47) 10) dialog: And the DPA. And the DGAACS.
47) 12) dialog: But OSG will...
47) 16) dialog: Except in the Security Council.
47) 20) dialog: (still looking) There’s a lot of sensitivity here to host-country influence. (standing) Got it. Rory holds two file copies, hands one to Chief Wu.
47) 22) dialog: On the credenza. Chief Wu’s face tells us he’s never heard of a credenza. hands Tobin a folder marked “Silvia Broome”.
47) 25) dialog: The kind who assumes that no one bugs a room full of microphones.
47) 27) dialog: And has no security cameras.
47) 33) dialog: Three generations. But she has an American passport. Her father ran a rural hospital. He brought his wife to Beston for the daughter’s birth.
47) 35) dialog: Her parents were killed by a land mine in 1989. They were driving in the Mukawa Mountains, mountains Zauwanie had mined to limit rebel activity. Tobin and Dot exchange a look. He hands Dot the file.
66) 0) text: Almost everyone has gone home. An Asian Tour Guide (28) - they wear national dress ~- waits for Rory near the exit. He’s down at the other end of the office with Silvia. She signing a theft report; her hand shakes a bit.
66) 1) dialog: Don’t worry. Likely just a locker theft. We get shoulder surfers over there from time to time. She forces a smile.
66) 2) dialog: You want an officer to take you home?
66) 4) dialog: Alright. Don’t worry. Okay? She nods a thanks and moves for the exit. He watches her. holds up a just-a-second finder to his date and goes to n by cubicle. Rory picks up the phone.
67) 0) text: Everyone has gone. Everyone but Tobin, who carries a take bag and “The Casual Dead” book through the empty cube far Tobin sits at Shari’s desk. He’s stayed late to cross-che the UN names against phone records. As he opens his food, sees a red light flashing on the phone and hits auto-dial SHARI’S VOICE You have reached Tobin Kel... Tobin punches in a code. RORY’ S VOICE Tobin, it’s Rory Robb at the UN. I thought you’d want to know that Ms. Broome had her purse stolen out of her locker. Probably nothing. I’11 be in at nine tomorrow.
78) 2) text: INT. TOBIN’S OFFICE Tobin on the phone as before. He considers the legalities Doug’s query. Meanwhile... SHARI’S VOICE Rory Robb on seven.
78) 5) dialog: No prints on the locker. Looks like it was wiped.
78) 7) dialog: Negative. That locker area gets pretty busy. Anybody wearing gloves would likely attract suspicion. INT. TOBIN’S OFFICE Tobin stands.
90) 0) text: A world map on the wall. A globe. A window onto the USSS field office. A very long table. Like Tobin’s office, it faces East and the Secretariat is visible in the morning Lud has Chief Wu and Rory laughing Tobin leads Lemann, Do and Mohammad into the room. Mohammad hands out reports as Lemann and Dot take their seats. Tobin holds up a file with a photocopied passport photo o the Skinny African clipped to the outside. TOBIN (cont‘d) Kenneth Tebiki. He arrived on a tourist visa eighteen days ago carrying a Zambian passport. We think he’s our suicide bomber. He tosses the file on the table and holds up another with photocopied drivers license photo of the Janitor. TOBIN (cont’d) Your janitor’s real name is Adimba Nujoma. South African. A cell phone registered to him got a call froma Cape Town pay phone Thursday night. The print pattern suggests he’s the bomb-maker. The name and social he used to gain employment belonged to a deceased Gap employee in Oakland. Neither man is a known terrorist operative. Tobin sits. Everyone speaks quickly...
90) 5) dialog: We found a battery and wire. But he had two more shifts before tomorrow - one to walk the bomb through, one to. bring in the shrapnel.
92) 9) dialog: Personnel lists are due today.
93) 2) dialog: Gun! Dot is grabbed by Four Secret Service Agents and whisked the podium. They drag her to the Green Room using their h as guns. UN Cops provide cover. The Hall is empty. The Assembly is at lunch. Chief Wu tim the exercise from the floor with a stopwatch. Tobin and R stand beside him CHIEF WU (cont’d) Eighteen seconds! Mohammad enters from the Foyer and gestures for Tobin.
122) 0) text: Rory and Technicians test the metal detection equipment. few early Delegates wait outside in the cold.
126) 0) text: Rory scrutinizes Delegates now coming through the detecto as Tobin looks out the glass doors at a sea of Protestors their yelling is a muffled roar. Tobin turns back to the Lobby. BINOCULAR POV on Tobin as he says into his sleeve mic...
130) 0) text: Tobin, Rory and Mohammad look from the balcony down on th sculpture. Lemann has climbed up a ladder from the Lobby floor - it’ held by Two UN Cops - and lays on top of the sculpture so can look into the five-foot top hole with a flashlight. LEMANN’S POV: The sculpture is empty iron mold. His beam light shows a knapsack at the bottom. He turns and yells up to Tobin...
130) 3) dialog: We can always lower a camera! Tobin points to a huge clock on the wall. It’s 10:31.
132) 0) text: Rory, Lemann, Mohammad and Six UN Cops all look up. 96. Mohammad’s face is in a pre-explosion wince as the garbag bag tumbles down from above and drops on the floor right front of him. Tobin peers down from the top of the sculpt Lemann opens the bag and dumps its contents onto the floo An old sleeping bag, Two mostly empty juice jugs, A photocopied blueprint of building’s layout, Food..packaging, A small foreign-language paperback. Rory lifts a food wrapper with a pencil. Lemann scans the blueprint.
132) 2) dialog: He was living in here? Mohammad opens a jug and makes a face.
132) 4) dialog: He didn’t come in with the statue? Tobin comes down the ladder holding the cord and hook.
132) 9) dialog: Most. African languages use the Roman alphabet. The question leaves them in silence. Tobin looks to the w clock: 10:43.
132) 11) dialog: That’s up to the GA President. Tobin looks up at the clock. It goes to 10:44. Everyone waits. He hesitates, self-hating. The last thing he wants to do is to say into his sleeve..
137) 0) text: Tense. The GA President, Chief Wu, Rory, Lemann, Doug and Four UN Cops (one posted at each exit door) are silent as Tobin takes the paperback from Wu and hands it to Silvia. She examines it for a few jittery seconds.