9) 0) text: Enormous. Grand. Crowded. The Peruvian PM is at the podiu DELEGATES FROM AROUND THE WORLD - six for each nation - s at green tables with thin black microphones. Everyone wea white earpieces. Some read. Others whisper. We move up over a row of media booths, to a window onto t Chinese Interpreters’s booth. We move down the row of boo for Arabic, Russian, Spanish and French. (Chinese and Ara have two Interpreters working; Russian, Spanish and Frenc have only one. In all booths, an extra Interpreter waits the background.) We move onto the English Booth. SILVIA BROOME (30) works the mic as a Colleague reads a magazine behind her. Silvi bookish yet worldly, the sort of woman who has been fanta fodder in many a library cubicle.
12) 0) text: Through the glass onto the English booth: while Silvia wo at the mic, the Yuppie Advisor enters behind her. We move down to Prime Minister speaking on the dais. At t marble table above the podium, a UN Cop whispers to a BUR RUSSIAN (53) in the President’s chair. Irritated, he stan
13) 2) text: Silvia and the Yuppie Advisor come out of the English boo
13) 4) dialog: Interpreters aren’t allowed in the Greenroom during a security alert. Silvia has a light South African accent, though it’s not discernible while she’s interpreting. The Yuppie Advisor joins her. They walk past the doors op onto other booths; we hear various Interpreters working.
14) 0) text: Silvia and the Yuppie Advisor come out of a guarded openi at the back. They move toward the front along the left wa beneath booths for technicians and transcribers. The cross on an aisle that intersects the Hall. They walk quickly behind desks for Monaco, Mexico, Matobo, Mauritiu They move down the Hall’s right wall and behind a press b
15) 0) text: Silvia and the Yuppie Advisor come out of the GA Hall bet Two UN Guards. Two THAI WOMEN greet Silvia as they pass..
15) 2) text: Silvia and the Advisor move through a BUSTLE of Internati Types: a Samoan who wears a skirt with dress shoes and ti few Arabs, a RUMPLED AUSTRIAN hurrying past, tying his ti
15) 3) dialog: Faulpeltz.
15) 5) dialog: What exactly is going on?
15) 7) dialog: You seem nervous. (smiling at someone) What sort of unilateralist cabal am I walking into here? They pass UN Cops escorting a Korean Tour Group to the ex
16) 0) text: Along one wall are doors onto halls for the three council Trustee, Social & Economic, Security. The other wall is p glass with conversation alcoves and a VIEW OF MIDTOWN. Diplomats scuttle importantly around Silvia and the Advis They come to break in the crowd and he lowers his voice..
16) 2) dialog: Matobo is not a Rome signatory.
18) 2) dialog: Mombe doro chingwa bhat huku mazai bhat michero sadza.
18) 4) dialog: Then you’1l have to abstain.
18) 6) dialog: Piri tatu ina shanu. The Matobean grins like a man tolerating a child. He says perfect English...
22) 0) text: The Diplomats and Silvia cluster as before.
23) 0) text: The Diplomats and Silvia as before.
25) 0) text: Silvia is left alone and extremely puzzled.
26) 0) text: Silvia goes through South Gate.
27) 0) text: Empty. A few lights over the podium illuminate only half Hall. The abandoned desks stretch up into eerie darkness. We see the Sound Booth window from below. The door opens the access hallway. Silvia’s silhouette enters the booth.
28) 0) text: Silvia stands in the dark by a large control panel. Barel audible FRENCH comes from the engineer’s headphones. She considers them a moment, peers into the dark Hall below.
30) 0) text: Silvia flips the light switch and moves back to the board The light’s an old fluorescent tube that takes awhile. It flickers and hums. The voice on the headphones has a southern African accent (these are the only lines in the movie with subtitles)...
31) 0) text: Silvia comes out of her booth. Listens. A door can be hea opening down in the Greenroom.
32) 0) text: Dead. Dark. Empty. Not one single guard. Silvia quickly comes down the walkway from the GA balcony The exit doors are chained shut. Her footsteps echo as sh hurries across the floor toward the Conference Building.
33) 0) text: Breathing heavily, Silvia gets in. She’s on two. She punc the button for three. The elevator moves. DOWN. She hits three button a few times in fear. She rides and cringes as the doors open onto...
34) 0) text: The elevator doors ding open, spilling light into the dar hallway and forcing Silvia back into a corner. The doors hold open.
35) 0) text: Silvia waits, expecting any second for someone to turn th corner. No one does. Finally, the doors close. 13.
36) 0) text: Empty. Silvia gets off the elevator and hurries down the hallway toward the Secretariat. As she moves past the various Councils, her pace increase It’s not long before she starts to RUN. INT.....GENERAL..ASSEMBLY..HALL. The Hall is silent. We hold on the dark chamber until... RORY’S VOICE And you only heard the one man?
36) 2) dialog: Yes. Rory’s Swedish Assistant runs a video camera.
36) 3) dialog: Whoever he was talking to didn’t say anything.
36) 5) dialog: Diplomat French. The accent was African.
36) 7) dialog: Am I in danger? 14. The Irishman gives her a very unconvincing smile.
48) 5) text: TOUR GUIDE (cont'd) This piece was given by the Republic of Matobo to commemorate their President’s visit a week from today. Against a wall behind the kids, Tobin and Dot stand benea “Smoking Discouraged” sign. Tobin touches Dot, indicates. Descending the walkway down from the GA balcony, Silvia w and. talks with.AUDREY.(29)...A.French.Interpreter-with.. Parisian accent and an impish manner.
48) 6) dialog: Astiquer la baguette?
48) 8) dialog: There are people in France who actually refer to masturbation as “polishing the baguette”?
49) 0) text: Silvia walks out into the cold wind. Tobin and Dot are ri behind her.
50) 0) text: The garden is adjacent to the East River. The Queensboro Bridge sits majestically in front of it. The Secretariat rises stoically behind it. Tobin and Silvia sit on a bench. Dot stands out of earsho down the sidewalk, posted to insure privacy. The transcript of her previous interview blows in his han
50) 2) dialog: An African man speaking French. I can’t remember what he was saying.
50) 4) dialog: Yes.
50) 6) dialog: He was at one of the delegates’ tables, a mic was open nearby; the other person may have been farther from the mic. He watches her a few an uneasy moments.
50) 8) dialog: Diplomats learn French as protocol, their word choice can be unusual. A native speaker would’ve said hall, salle, not room, chambre.
50) 11) dialog: My instinct is to say Sub-Saharan African, yes, but that could be because it’s familiar.
50) 13) dialog: I thought about it. When the booth light came on, he stopped talking. I think he saw me. Tobin makes a face calculated to show concern.
50) 14) dialog: But I didn’t see him.
50) 17) dialog: Are you fishing to find out how T feel about him?
50) 20) dialog: I'd like to see him trapped beneath twisted metal for six hours, forced to watch his wife bleed to death.
50) 22) dialog: I’m not very good at being cynical.
50) 24) dialog: (re: the UN) It means look around. Why do you think I’m sitting here? Somewhere there’s a war. In a place you can’t pronounce. For reasons you can’t understand. Our job is to stop it. It’s hard work. Complex. Boring. Bureaucratic. You have to believe in it. You have to believe rules matter. You have to believe words are enough to change things.
50) 26) dialog: It's cold.
50) 28) dialog: You don’t believe much in politics, do you? 27.
50) 31) dialog: That’s not a question.
50) 33) dialog: No. Silvia holds his eyes for a moment - and then walks away. Tobin watches her go.
52) 0) text: Like ail institutional spaces after hours, the UN complex night is weirdly quiet. Silvia comes through the gate wit a Group of Six International Colleagues. POV FROM ACROSS THE STREET: Their laughter and voices fog the cold night air. Different languages. None quite coher The others seem to want Silvia to go with them. She decli Silvia walks up...
53) 0) text: Silvia’s a little nervous to be suddenly alone at night. A sudden rush of traffic, but the sidewalk is empty. As t traffic lulls, Silvia can hear her own footsteps. And the footsteps of someone behind her. 30. She looks back to see a YOUNG BLACK MAN IN A SUIT. He mov closer and closer. He comes in step twenty feet behind he And stays there. Their steps echo like heartbeats in sync He reaches into his suit. And pulls out a vibrating cell. checks the caller ID, answers in an American accent...
54) 0) text: Nils Lud sits in the driver's seat watching the Dot and D follow Silvia. He’s listening to a 70’s-era cassette play on the seat beside him; Roger Whittaker sings from its ti speaker. cur TO: INT. TOBIN’S LIVING ROOM (MIDTOWN) - NIGHT Small. Generic. New. Tobin has recently moved in but not yet committed to maki it livable. Half-tied neckties bunch on his dining table. pile of DVDs on the floor await a cabinet. Un-hung pictur frames lean against walls. There’s even a moving box stil one corner. A huge television plays a basketball game. INT. TOBIN’S HALLWAY The game plays in the next room. Tobin leans back against wall, holds a beer, and considers a closed door.
57) 0) text: Tobin comes out of the diner, careful not to be seen by Silvia. He checks his watch and hurries down the street. A GREEK TOURIST passes him talking into a cell phone...
59) 0) text: Silvia and her INDIAN DATE exit a resturant, laughing. Sh stops as she sees Tobin across the street. Snow flakes on shoulders suggest he’s been waiting a few minutes.
59) 1) dialog: I should talk to this guy.
59) 4) dialog: Thank you. She kisses him on the lips. Holding it just long enough s doesn’t seem perfunctory.
59) 5) dialog: It's okay. Call me. He nods and moves off, shooting a glance at his sudden ri Tobin makes Silvia come to him. She stands in the middle the street and starts where they left off...
59) 6) dialog: I bet you don’t vote, either.
59) 8) dialog: What do you want?
59) 11) dialog: Sometimes. I miss friends. I miss certain things.
59) 13) dialog: The rush of hot air when you get off the plane. Dogs everywhere. The way the night smells like smoke.
59) 15) dialog: Baboons, the meanest animals on the planet. Warm Cokes. Poverty. Ganja- smelling men with AK47s. It’s hard to miss bodies hanging on telephone poles. They walk a moment in silence.
59) 16) dialog: Sorry, I shouldn’t talk that way. Most people assume White Africans are racists.
59) 18) dialog: My grandparents were. But my dad’s preferred form of rebellion was white guilt. I had to hide Madonna albums in Bob Marley covers.
59) 20) dialog: What do you want from me, Agent Keller?
59) 22) dialog: I always tell the truth...
59) 24) dialog: Edgar’s a painful subject.
59) 26) dialog: Please.
59) 28) dialog: I heard you.
59) 30) dialog: He won’t talk to me! A beat. They wait while a couple passes.
59) 32) dialog: He left me.
59) 34) dialog: I’m white.
59) 36) dialog: Five years ago. 38.
59) 38) dialog: The unabridged version? (sarcastically) Dear Silvia. Good-bye. At your Side, I will never be more than a statement. At my. side,..you.will never be more than metaphor of colonialism. I'm going back to Africa. Sincerely, Edgar. A beat. Her tone softens...
59) 39) dialog: I wish he would ask for help. I’ve wasted years waiting for that call. She waits a moment. Then...
59) 40) dialog: Good-night.
62) 24) dialog: Hey.
62) 28) dialog: Does this mean you believe me?
63) 0) text: Fifties Deco. Black and white linoleum floors. Green marb walis. Silver elevator shafts. Old-fashioned mail chutes. Silvia clutches her purse as she moves through various UN Types. She looks behind her. INT. INTERPRETERS’ LOCKER ROOM A narrow room lined with square personal lockers, each on has a combination lock. Various Interpreters come and go. Locker Room is open onto the a Lounge and Computer Area. Silvia goes to her locker and dials in the combination. A she does so, Two Men near-by stop talking. She notices. S nods as she puts her purse away and closes the locker.
64) 0) text: A much smaller version of the Council. Fifteen countries crowd around a rectangular table. Two walls are lined wit booths. This is where the real business is done. The room tight; the atmosphere, tense. The French Ambassador speaks loudiy, impromptu. The Ameri Ambassador’s face doesn’t hide her disagreement. We hear Silvia’s voice, flat, efficient...
64) 2) dialog: Firmly behind an international criminal court. For that reason alone, this is an important vote. She hears quick footsteps behind her in the access hallwa
64) 3) dialog: However, it also allows this body to communicate a vision of itself. The footsteps get closer.
64) 4) dialog: We must prove our belief in global justice is free of bureaucratic... She can’t help but look back: a Chinese Interpreter hurri past, late for his shift.
64) 5) dialog: (correcting herself) ...free of bureaucracy and self- interest. Silvia’s Colleague makes a flicking motion with his finge she turns off the mic. 44.
64) 7) dialog: Fine. Silvia turns on the mic and resumes...
64) 8) dialog: We must put today’s human rights... (mic off) I didn’t sleep well. {mic on) +»..on a higher plain than our fears about tomorrow’s sovereignty.
65) 0) text: Silvia sips the last of a latte from a to-go cup. She set on the railing and looks down on the Lobby below. The las the tourists leave, a few mill around the African sculptu SILVIA’S POV: A Mysterious Man stands near exit. Silvia watches him. There’s a loud bang. SILVIA’S POV: A Young Woman has dropped a book. She picks up off the floor. Silvia looks back to the Mysterious Man. SILVIA’S POV: A Woman and Two Kids approach the Mysteriou Man - a tourist family - and they go to the exit. Silvia bumps the empty to-go cup. She watches as it tumbl from the balcony and bounces off the side of the sculptur which sends it flying somewhere beneath the balcony. Unsure what to do, Silvia makes a face and moves away fro the edge of the balcony. INT. INTERPRETERS’ LOCKER AREA Silvia smiles at herself - and her crazy fears - as she d her lock’s combination. She opens the locker door. SILVIA FREEZES. The locker is empty.
66) 0) text: Almost everyone has gone home. An Asian Tour Guide (28) - they wear national dress ~- waits for Rory near the exit. He’s down at the other end of the office with Silvia. She signing a theft report; her hand shakes a bit.
66) 3) dialog: No, thanks. T have to go pick up my extra set of keys.
68) 0) text: Silvia waits at a door. Audrey opens it, laughing and dre to kill. She says back into the apartment...
68) 2) dialog: Thanks,
70) 0) text: Silvia enters. The bathroom can be seen beneath it’s door She reacts puzzled, unsure, and goes toward it.
71) 0) text: Silvia slowly pushes the door open. As the door widens, s jumps back and SCREAMS a short shocked scream. Her stolen purse is sitting on top of the toilette lid. She doesn’t move. Doesn’t breathe. Her intercom buzzes out in the living room. She looks tha direction, as though she can’t quite comprehend it. It buzzes again. She waits. Four seconds. Six. A car speaker squawks in the street below...
72) 0) text: Doug nods approval. The apartment across from Silvia’s is mid-renovation: exposed wiring, dry wall, concrete floor. A Sleepy Real Estate Baron rubs his face as Doug says...
72) 3) dialog: (re: a room full of cops) Great. Across the. room, Tobin looks the WALL OF PHOTOS: Young S on a horse. Her parents wedding photo. Antelope plonking the bush. Silvia standing behind Gutteres and Kofi-Annan. Group of Interpreters in front of the UNO in Vienna. A LARGE FORENSIC GUY (32) comes by and tells him...
76) 0) text: Silvia and Audrey sit in a quiet corner reading documents UN Cop assigned to Silvia stands a few feet from their ta
76) 2) dialog: Who?
76) 4) dialog: No. Yes. Maybe. The feeling of being protected is interesting. It's weirdly primal and...sexy. Audrey smiles. Tne UN Cop is eavesdropping. He, too, smiles. And sucks i his gut ever so slightly.
87) 3) dialog: I bet you don’t recycle, either.
87) 5) dialog: Apology accepted.
87) 7) dialog: It was on the news. A awkward beat. She’s thrown by his reticence.
87) 8) dialog: Congratulations. She hugs him. It’s uncomfortable. The sort of hug of two people who have imagined touching. A beat. He can’t start.
87) 10) dialog: I’m sorry. His subject choice tells her something’s wrong. 62.
87) 11) dialog: What is it?
87) 13) dialog: What? Has something happened? What about him? His silence is telling, damning. He finally opens his mou but she quickly puts her fingers on his lips.
87) 14) dialog: Wait. After a moment, she jerks back her hand and holds it, fro a terrible fear. is finally being realized.
87) 16) dialog: Don’t. Whatever you think you know, don’t say a word. She’s starting to panic.
87) 17) dialog: You can’t tell me anything. Just because your wife died...
87) 19) dialog: Don’t! You protect me! You protect me! That’s your fucking job! Do it. Do your job. Do it. Do it. He starts to touch her. She won’t let him.
87) 20) dialog: Leave. I don’t want you here. Leave. Now! (a beat) Leave. Please. Leave. Tobin goes to the door and exits.
87) 22) text: INT. TOBIN’S CAR - NIGHT Tobin looks the picture of Kuman-Kuman’s body by the dome light. He’s still parked in front of Silvia’s building. His cell rings.
87) 25) dialog: If he’s dead, turn out the light. Silvia disconnects. Tobin looks up at her windows. He can see nothing. He rea up and turns out the dome light. Unsure what to do next, he sits in the cold dark. He wait He can hear occasional sounds of the City. A train. A car horn on the FDR. A distant garage truck’s reverse warning And then - low and barely audible - he hears the wails of woman in deep and horrible grief.
89) 0) text: Silvia wears sunglasses as she walks to platform’s edge. Commuters around her read tabloids, sip coffee, work PDA’ A train can be heard rumbling loudly down the tracks. 64.
91) 0) text: Tobin is hurrying toward the open door of the English boo INT. ENGLISH TRANSLATORS’ BOOTH {SECURITY COUNCIL) Silvia waits as Tobin enters. She looks like she hasn’t slept. She closes the door behind him.
91) 1) dialog: I keep getting calls. No matter where I am. This booth. The GA. It rings until someone picks up. She points to the phone. Like all phones in the building, has a clunky retro quality.
91) 3) dialog: Nothing. They hang up, wait five minutes and call again. But they never say anything. Its happened thirty-five, forty times.
91) 5) dialog: The light flashes. The door suddenly opens. It’s Audrey.
91) 7) dialog: Deciduer café du Commerce.
91) 10) dialog: I’m sorry. I wasn’t sure who...
91) 14) dialog: No. I didn’t want to be alone. He watches her a moment. The phone rings. Silvia jumps. T answers as the second ring starts.
91) 20) dialog: Me.
100) 0) text: A very small strip of grass behind Beekman Place. The sor hidden park used by drug dealers and leash-law violators. FDR is on the other side of a cyclone fence. Tobin, Dot and Silvia hug themselves in the cold. Over th roar of surging traffic, Tobin completes the sentence fro the previous scene...
100) 2) dialog: If he picked up French from his soldiers, he might mimic their pronunciation. It’s possible. But even if I heard him say the exact same phrase, I couldn’t be sure.
100) 6) dialog: Can I ask you something?
100) 8) dialog: If I were standing beside Zuwanie and you saw a man with a gun. If you could only grab one of us. If you had one second to decide. Who would you save?
100) 10) dialog: I'll help.
100) 12) dialog: With one proviso. I want a handgun. To keep at home Just for a few days. Until all this blows over. Tobin and Dot exchange a look. DOT. We can’t just give you a gun.
100) 13) dialog: You’ re asking me to risk my life.
100) 17) dialog: Can you? She looks at him for a hard moment.
101) 0) text: The Lobby is closed, dark and locked. Silvia stand with a knapsack at her feet. She’s locking u the sculpture of Africa below, lost in painful thought. The UN COP guarding her enters the frame behind her...
101) 2) dialog: Can you do a favor? Can you give a few minutes? If you’d wait out in the Hall, make sure no one comes?
103) 0) text: Tobin stands at a window. A hooded camping lantern is on near-by chair, as is Edgar’s book. Tobin speaks on his cell while looking into Silvia’s bedr
103) 2) dialog: No. A beat. She lays on her side and looks up at his darkened window. can’t see him, but she knows which window he’s in.
103) 3) dialog: I can’t see you. He turns up a camping lantern on a chair until he can see own reflection.
103) 4) dialog: Talk to me.
103) 6) dialog: Just my guard at the UN.
103) 8) dialog: I hate condolences. That extra sincere tone. The forced eye- contact. The two-handed handshake.
103) 10) dialog: “This will make you stronger.”
103) 12) dialog: “Remind yourself he’s better off.” She gets out of bed and paces in front of the window. A beat. 81.
103) 13) dialog: Tell me about your wife.
103) 15) dialog: What do you miss about her?
103) 17) dialog: That’s beautiful. And cruel.
103) 19) dialog: The sexiest thing a man can do is express love for another woman - it’s the one time you can really trust him,
103) 21) dialog: I miss who I was around him. I miss being naive. She wanders back to her bed and lies down.
103) 22) dialog: We were walking one night through Toronto. It was our second date. A homeless woman came up. She kept saying, swear to God. “I’m gonna buy food. Swear to God. Just food. Swear to God.” Edgar gave her twenty dollars. She left. Happy. I said, “You realize she’s not going to buy food.” He said, “I wasn’t giving her money, I was giving her trust.” (MORE)
103) 23) text: SILVIA (cont'd) (a beat) I took him home and fucked him, But these days... A long pause.
107) 0) text: Tobin reads “The» Casual. Dead”...Something..makes. him s he closes the book for a moment and takes up the binocula BINOCULAR POV: Silvia is in bed asleep. He scopes her Liv Room. The apartment door is closed. The window onto the f escape is closed.
109) 0) text: Tobin watches. INT. SILVIA’S BEDROOM Silvia sleeps.
110) 7) dialog: I wasn’t asleep. Tobin lowers the binoculars.
110) 9) dialog: I’1l be okay. Go ahead. She hangs up. She considers her empty apartment.
110) 11) text: EXT. SILVIA’S STREET - NIGHT Rain. Tobin exits the building that houses his surveillan apartment. He looks up and down the street. Quiet. The NY patrol car is still parked at the end. He runs to his car in the rain and retrieves a flashlight
114) 0) text: Tobin runs the rainy street. Dot follows fifty yards behi INT. SILVIA’S LIVING ROOM Lud pushes the door open with his gun. He grabs the towel but leaves his tools in the hallway. H enters, closes the door, wraps the towel around his gun. Silvia is nowhere to be seen. The bedroom door is closed. storm blows in from the fire escape window. He investigat the escape is empty. He moves toward the bedroom. The phone rings. It rings again. And again. On the third, Silvia’s machine answers. 88. SILVIA’S VOICE Sorry. I can’t come to the phone right now, but here’s the beep. And after the cue tone, Lud hears over the speaker...
114) 1) dialog: I can see you. And»she»hangs~ up. -Lud.Looks..from. the.phone..machine.. Surveillance apartment; it’s too dark to see her. INT. SILVIA’S BATHROOM The shower curtain is closed. We move over the top to rev Silvia huddled behind it; she holds her cell phone. INT. SILVIA’S LIVING ROOM Lud’s not yet convinced; he continues to the bedroom door INT. SILVIA’S BATHROOM Silvia winces as she hears the bedroom door open. INT. SILVIA’S BEDROOM Lud looks around. He moves toward the closed bathroom doo the intercom buzzes out in the living room. He freezes. EXT. SILVIA’S STREET Tobin pounds on the buzzer as he works a key.
114) 4) dialog: He broke in...
114) 6) dialog: I don’t know. He helps her out of the tub.
114) 10) dialog: I prefer to be alone. Dot and Tobin exchange a puzzled glance. Silvia takes her and gun to the kitchen without looking at them.
114) 11) dialog: {a kiss off) I'd feel safer that way.
114) 13) text: INT. SURVEILLANCE APARTMENT — NIGHT It’s still raining. Tobin watches Silvia’s apartment like hawk. Dot joins him at the window. He’s feeling guilty...
124) 0) text: Doug watches the helicopter hover over the Secretariat a blocks away. Silvia sits at the table reading.
124) 2) dialog: I’m fine.
127) 0) text: Doug now has binoculars on the action a few blocks over a Silvia absentmindedly spins a globe in the corner.
127) 2) dialog: It came from Matobo.
127) 4) dialog: The sculpture...Ask. Tobin if they checked in the African sculpture?
133) 0) text: Protesters yell below. Helicopters hover above. The Sharp Shooter Team Leader watches through binoculars. row of his men scope the surrounding buildings. BINOCULAR POV: Doug escorts Silvia over First Avenue. He into his sleeve mic (we hear it via earpiece)...
135) 0) text: Against a backdrop of protesters out beyond the gate, Sil and Doug walk onto the empty patio. Tobin waits for them the Reutersward sculpture of a gun with a twisted barrel. Silvia clutches her purse as if she wants to hide behind
136) 0) text: Weirdly empty. The metal detectors are now gone, though t cables for them are still present everywhere (they’re bei used in the Delegate’s Lobby). Tobin, Silvia and Doug hurry pass Five UN Cops.
137) 0) text: Tense. The GA President, Chief Wu, Rory, Lemann, Doug and Four UN Cops (one posted at each exit door) are silent as Tobin takes the paperback from Wu and hands it to Silvia. She examines it for a few jittery seconds.
137) 1) dialog: It’s in ku. She turns to the handwritten paragraph on the back. She r it flatly, as if it were another dry UN document.
137) 2) dialog: “You cannot understand if you have not feit a machete cut your flesh. You cannot understand if you have not watched soldiers throw dice for your wife. You cannot understand if you have not felt a child’s warm blood flow through your fingers.” She quickly hands the book back. The men all look from Si to the GA President. He’s struggling with the decision. Dot interrupts via a Cop’s radio...
141) 12) dialog: He looks so frail.
142) 0) text: The big day. The Delegates and Press are all in their pla Some wear national dress. Everyone talks. UN Cops in Suits are in the aisles checking badges of var African delegations. A wall of UN Cops stands in front of rostrum. Tobin comes to-where Mohammad.stands.on.the rostrum. He s the Assembly Hall... TOBIN’S POV: Normal activities seems somehow threatening. Zimbabwean laughs too quickly. A Saudi speaks urgently in his cell phone. A Costa Rican seems to hide behind a pape Photographer adjusts his tripod, it looks for a second li zip gun. Up in the booths, faces. Everywhere. He sees Aud and Silvia’s Colleagues. CLOSE on Tobin. His eyes dart; he’s starting to panic.
144) 0) text: A small room with two high-backed chairs facing forward. Zawanie and Lud sit in the chairs. Doug leans against a w by the door. Silvia stands in the far corner behind Zuwan She’s staring at him and starting to sweat. Her purse han low off her right shoulder. CLOSE on the purse as she reaches her left hand into it.
146) 0) text: Winded, Silvia balances her knapsack on the banister and looks down on dark and abandoned Lobby below. She simply tosses the cord and knapsack off the balcony a into the hole in the top of the sculpture.
147) 0) text: Tobin leads Doug and Silvia through the tent, now free of Cops and metal detectors, closed for police use only. CLOSE on her Silvia’s purse; she clutches it tight.
147) 8) text: TOBIN (cont'd) At dawn, the killer is brought in, given a chance to express remorse, put in a boat, taken out in the water and dropped. He’s bound so he can’t swim. The family of the dead then has to make a choice. They can let him drown or they can swim out and save him. Silvia listens as if to a voice from the past. Even knowi Tobin’ s game,.she.can’t.stop story’s impact.
148) 0) text: Tobin goes to the center of the room and turns to the Lou door. Doug starts to enter but Tobin shakes him off. He watches the door, waiting, waiting. INT. SECRETARY GENERAL’S LOUNGE (GA BUILDING) Lud looks from the second hand on the wall clock to Silvi 107. Her gun is still aimed inside her purse. She forces herse to step closer to Zuwanie. His head still rests against t chair. Her breathing accelerates. She’s fighting ambivale Finally, she raises the purse slightly. One second. Two. Three. Four. Lud doesn’t breathe. Five. Six. Seven. SHE CLOSES HER EYES. Seven. Eight. Nine. She opens her eyes. Silvia Broome is no killer.
148) 1) dialog: Excuse me. Silvia walks to the door behind the chairs. Lud stands as moves. As she passes beside him, he GRABS her wrist. She resists but he’s easily able to lift her gun hand out her purse. He takes the weapon away. Zuwanie watches in horror. Lud holds her wrist tight, forces her against the wall. H looks at her with absolute neutrality. He says to Zuwanie without turning...
149) 5) dialog: (a simple fact) He’1l stay in power. Tobin shrugs. She takes a moment, they go out onto...
150) 0) text: Tobin and Silvia and the UN Cops come out onto the paveme The Protestors assume (rightly) that she’s one of their o arrested for trying to disrupt the speech. First Avenue erupts in CHEERS. The UN Cops hand Silvia over to Four NYPD Cops. She lower her head and moves with them to a squad car. Tobin follow She stops before letting herself be put in the backseat. has to yell over the din...
150) 1) dialog: How did you know Edgar was dead?! He grimaces and shakes his head: he can’t tell her. She’s put in the car. As the NYPD Cop fixes her seat belt she calls out to him...
150) 2) dialog: Laqueur!
150) 4) dialog: The French Ambassador! His name is Laqueur! The door closes. The squad car pulls away. Tobin watches