39) 0) text: A large bull pen. Multi-ethnic agents. In contrast to the every thing here is high tech. The cube farm is surrounde glass offices. Agent TOBIN KELLER (33) comes out of one. Something in Tobin’s manner suggests he’s Midwesterner. H Assistant, SHARI (28), has the desk closest to his office He’s arguing with a FEMALE LAWYER (30).
39) 2) dialog: He wants attention. The question is hew far he’1l go to get it. He’s forgotten something. He turns back. Shari stands at desk holding his gun by two fingers. He takes it.
39) 4) dialog: During a talent show at a corporate retreat. He was trying to rap. Bush rhymes with ambush.
39) 6) dialog: I said “trying”. We can’t go after the guy for being a honky. They pass the desk of a Male Agent surrounded by huge cle plastic bags of cash.
40) 0) text: Tobin and the Lawyer ride with a handful of people. 16.
40) 1) dialog: Okay. Perfect world. This case landed on somebody else’s desk. You can in no way be held accountable for his future actions. Would you still like to see him prosecuted?
40) 3) dialog: Honky’s a good word. Too bad people don’t use it any more.
41) 0) text: Tobin and Lawyer come out into a cold winter wind. They a headed in opposite directions.
41) 2) dialog: You know something, it’s not my problem. Prosecute. I don’t care. (without malice) Just tell what my expert opinion is before I have to give it in court.
45) 0) text: Tobin and Dot move through a sea of UN Employees scurryin lunch. UN Cops in thick jackets are everywhere.
45) 2) dialog: About half. She smiles at him: it’s old joke, a ritual. They walk in toward the security tent.
46) 0) text: FIVE UN POLICE OFFICERS work the metal detector. Dot and Tobin go to the counter. Dot slides her gun over, holds u her badge and starts to step through.
46) 6) dialog: Dot. Dot steps back, steamed. Tobin leans to her...
46) 7) dialog: What do you say we turn up the estrogen?
47) 0) text: Buzz of various languages. A massive SCULPTURE in the shape of Africa and covered wi hand-drawn tiles is being installed. Groups of UN Employe comment on it. The original Sputnik and a copy of Foucaul Pendulum hang from the ceiling. Dot and Tobin are led through the Lobby by Rory as he han them temporary ID badges on neck chains.
47) 2) dialog: Zawanie?
47) 8) dialog: Why do you want us to look into this?
47) 14) dialog: Is there a chance the UN will cancel the address?
47) 18) dialog: You could ask State to rescind his entry visa.
47) 28) dialog: But why choose it for an actual assassination attempt? It’s the most secure room on the planet. Tobin is scanning SILVIA’S FILE PICTURE.
47) 29) dialog: You said you had veracity concerns?
47) 36) dialog: Okay. We’1l talk to her. Have you informed Matobo’s mission?
47) 38) dialog: The mercenary? Chief Wu nods.
48) 5) text: TOUR GUIDE (cont'd) This piece was given by the Republic of Matobo to commemorate their President’s visit a week from today. Against a wall behind the kids, Tobin and Dot stand benea “Smoking Discouraged” sign. Tobin touches Dot, indicates. Descending the walkway down from the GA balcony, Silvia w and. talks with.AUDREY.(29)...A.French.Interpreter-with.. Parisian accent and an impish manner.
48) 11) dialog: She’s attractive.
49) 0) text: Silvia walks out into the cold wind. Tobin and Dot are ri behind her.
50) 0) text: The garden is adjacent to the East River. The Queensboro Bridge sits majestically in front of it. The Secretariat rises stoically behind it. Tobin and Silvia sit on a bench. Dot stands out of earsho down the sidewalk, posted to insure privacy. The transcript of her previous interview blows in his han
50) 1) dialog: Tell me what you heard before the threat.
50) 3) dialog: Only one man?
50) 5) dialog: But someone else had to be talking. (off the transcript) “Don’t worry, Edmond Zuwanie will die in this room.” He’s responding to someone.
50) 7) dialog: What’s diplomat French? 25.
50) 9) dialog: But his accent was African? She nods.
50) 10) dialog: Matobean?
50) 12) dialog: You didn’t hesitate reporting him?
50) 15) dialog: He doesn’t know that. He lets her consider the implications for a few seconds a scans the transcript. Finally, he closes her folder. He smiles at her.
50) 16) dialog: Is Zuwanie as bad everyone makes him out to be?
50) 18) dialog: Pretty much.
50) 21) dialog: And you weren’t tempted to keep quiet, let him take his chances?
50) 23) dialog: What does that mean?
50) 25) dialog: Words do change things, they tell us where to point the guns. He may be kidding, but she doesn’t smile. He watches her. wants her to feel uncomfortable.
50) 27) dialog: That’s all for now. She stands.
50) 29) dialog: I’ve stood on too many podiums. If you ask me, somewhere on the road to power there’s a great big neon sign. It says, “If you made it this far, you don’t deserve to be here.” Again, she doesn’t smile. She starts to leave.
50) 30) dialog: One more question. (he makes her wait) Maybe you can’t remember a second voice because there was never any one down there to begin with.
50) 32) dialog: Are you lying?
51) 0) text: JON (28) hands Tobin a thick folder with a CIA seal.
51) 2) dialog: (re: the folder) Is this classified?
51) 7) dialog: Zuwanie? He nods and hands Tobin the book.
51) 9) dialog: Did you have anything on Silvia Broome?
51) 11) dialog: Who would have a reason for hitting Zuwanie inside the UN?
51) 14) dialog: Maybe it’s some anti-UN group?
51) 16) dialog: Where do they stand on Zuwanie?
54) 0) text: Nils Lud sits in the driver's seat watching the Dot and D follow Silvia. He’s listening to a 70’s-era cassette play on the seat beside him; Roger Whittaker sings from its ti speaker. cur TO: INT. TOBIN’S LIVING ROOM (MIDTOWN) - NIGHT Small. Generic. New. Tobin has recently moved in but not yet committed to maki it livable. Half-tied neckties bunch on his dining table. pile of DVDs on the floor await a cabinet. Un-hung pictur frames lean against walls. There’s even a moving box stil one corner. A huge television plays a basketball game. INT. TOBIN’S HALLWAY The game plays in the next room. Tobin leans back against wall, holds a beer, and considers a closed door.
56) 3) dialog: What’s she reading? POV THROUGH THE WINDOW: Silvia sits in a coffee house acr the street, reading while she eats breakfast. He can only her back and part of her face.
56) 8) dialog: Any idea what she said, Mohammed? 32.
56) 10) dialog: Okay. Follow her until she goes into the UN, then clock out. Tobin exits.
57) 0) text: Tobin comes out of the diner, careful not to be seen by Silvia. He checks his watch and hurries down the street. A GREEK TOURIST passes him talking into a cell phone...
58) 0) text: A Department of Homeland Security seal woven in the carpe Shari gossips with the Receptionist at the front desk as Tobin enters in a hurry.
58) 2) dialog: What if she heard one voice because he was on a cell phone?
58) 4) dialog: Contact the security liaisons for the phone companies. Ask for a list of cell calls made or received in Midtown Manhattan on Thursday night - all calls between ten and eleven. 33.
58) 6) dialog: Then get a list of all the African nationals and immigrants working at the United Nations, or UN missions, diplomats and staff.
58) 8) dialog: Rory Robb. Cross check the lists. I need a name and address for every male African at the UN who used a cell during that hour.
58) 10) dialog: Mr. Lud. (they shake hands) How’s the mercenary life?
58) 13) dialog: I bet you do. Tobin’s chuckle tells us he detests this man.
58) 17) dialog: Not enough.
58) 19) dialog: What’s your point, Nils? Lud holds up the jacket photo on the back of “The Casual Dead”.
58) 23) dialog: No, I’1l do it. Nils Lud gestures acquiescence with a false grin. Cur TO:
59) 0) text: Silvia and her INDIAN DATE exit a resturant, laughing. Sh stops as she sees Tobin across the street. Snow flakes on shoulders suggest he’s been waiting a few minutes.
59) 7) dialog: And risk jury duty?
59) 9) dialog: I thought I’d walk you home. 36. She pretends it’s offer she can refuse. Nods. She makes h way onto the sidewalk. They walk a few uncomfortable step Tobin looks up at flurries coming into the light...
59) 10) dialog: Do you miss Africa?
59) 12) dialog: Like?
59) 14) dialog: What don’t you miss?
59) 17) dialog: Are they?
59) 19) dialog: Bet he would have loved Edgar. She stops walking.
59) 23) dialog: Don’t sell me your nobility, I’ve heard..that..one. She walks on.
59) 25) dialog: What did he tell you to do?
59) 27) dialog: What did he tell you to do?!
59) 29) dialog: What?!
59) 31) dialog: Because you left him?
59) 33) dialog: Why?
59) 35) dialog: When did you hear from him last?
59) 37) dialog: What did he say?
62) 0) text: Shari has huge computer print-out stacks on her desk. She looking for UN African names (3,000) in cell phone record for a given hour in Midtown Manhattan (350,000). Tobin comes out of his office and puts a file on her desk
62) 1) dialog: (kidding) Could I get some coffee? She flips him off without looking up.
62) 4) dialog: Not particularly.
62) 7) dialog: And the purpose of this tour is... Pettigrew stops near reception.
62) 9) dialog: I’m not sure about her yet.
62) 11) dialog: I doubt it.
62) 13) dialog: Did the State Department call you?
62) 15) dialog: If she really heard a threat, she could be at risk. Pettigrew puts the cell away.
62) 17) dialog: Yeah, a genocidal maniac.
62) 19) dialog: I know the pope speech.
62) 23) dialog: Thanks, Peggy. She moves off down the sidewalk. Tobin waits a few seconds until Silvia opens the door. Sh not yet dressed for work.
62) 25) dialog: Hi. I just wanted to drop this off. i He hands her an NYPD business card.
62) 26) dialog: It’s the number for the PD precinct over on 55th. (MORE )
62) 27) text: TOBIN (cont'd) The desk sergeants all expect you to call if something suspicious happens. My cell number is on the back.
62) 29) dialog: No. Frankly, I think you’ re lying. An awkward beat. What if he’s wrong?
62) 30) dialog: Let’s say this guy is a diplomat. A Matobean. Someone gunning for his own President. Someone who can’t ask to be recalled without drawing attention. Maybe with family back in Matobo. Now, every time he goes into the UN he takes a risk. If I were him, I’d... He thinks better of it.
62) 31) dialog: If I’m wrong about you, you need to be very careful. He’s frightened her. She nods.
67) 0) text: Everyone has gone. Everyone but Tobin, who carries a take bag and “The Casual Dead” book through the empty cube far Tobin sits at Shari’s desk. He’s stayed late to cross-che the UN names against phone records. As he opens his food, sees a red light flashing on the phone and hits auto-dial SHARI’S VOICE You have reached Tobin Kel... Tobin punches in a code. RORY’ S VOICE Tobin, it’s Rory Robb at the UN. I thought you’d want to know that Ms. Broome had her purse stolen out of her locker. Probably nothing. I’11 be in at nine tomorrow.
67) 3) text: Tobin disconnects. He thinks about the theft a moment. Th goes back to the massive task at hand.
69) 0) text: Tobin hunches over the list. Suddenly, he looks up and sa to absolutely no one...
69) 1) dialog: He’s after her keys. INT. HALLWAY TO SILVIA’S APARTMENT Steeling her will, Silvia goes to the door. She opens it. INT. SILVIA’S LIVING ROOM Dark. The door opens. Silvia is silhouetted by the hallwa light. She reaches in and turns on the living room lights The apartment appears normal. Wary, she leaves the door open and comes into her living room. She checks around, then goes to her bedroom door. 47. SILVIA'S POV: The bedroom is dark. We hear a click as she turns on the overhead light. The room is undisturbed. Silvia returns to her front door and locks it shut.
72) 5) dialog: Thanks. The Forensic Guy moves away. Dot approaches. They keep th voices low...
72) 7) dialog: We'll keep an agent in the street. Tobin and Dot watch Silvia; she’s staring into the glass. DoT You realize we have no way of knowing if the purse was really stolen.
72) 8) dialog: Yeah. Tobin points to a photo on the wall.
72) 12) dialog: Look. CLOSE on a PHOTO. A panel sits at a long table beneath a banner for “Human Rights Watch”. Edgar Sukru Kuman-Kuman speaks at a podium marked “Holiday Inn/Johannesburg”. Tob finger points to a panelist. It's Jon (the CIA guy). DoT (0.S.) Well, I’ 11 be damned.
72) 13) dialog: Yeah. cut TO:
74) 0) text: Tobin walks the floor angry. As Jon comes out office, Tob pushes him back inside. INT. JON’S OFFICE (CIA) Jon hits his funny bone on a bookcase.
74) 3) dialog: A UN interpreter spends four years fucking Kuman-Kuman and the CIA has nothing on her? Jon doesn’t look up.
74) 4) dialog: What’s going on, Jon? i i i
74) 10) dialog: Will you present it to the Security Council? Jon's face tells us this is not an easy issue for him.
74) 12) dialog: Zuwanie’s a monster.
74) 14) dialog: I can find out. Tobin puts the photo in his jacket. Jon makes a token att to stop hin.
74) 20) dialog: I have to tell her. DoT No, actually, you don’t.
74) 21) dialog: Okay, I want to tell her.
74) 23) dialog: You’re right. (a beat) It’s not my probiem. Dot’s Assistant opens the door and sheepishly mouths... DOT’S ASSISTANT Your four o’ clock.
75) 0) text: As Tobin passes Shari, he sees her hands are folded over computer print-outs and she affects a big cartoon smile.
75) 1) dialog: What?
75) 5) dialog: Any diplomats? He goes. into... INT. TOBIN’S OFFICE -— CONTINUOUS Tobin takes off his coat and sits. Shari enters behind hi He pulls the list up on his computer screen.
75) 7) dialog: Are they all in the UN right now?
75) 9) dialog: Alright, call Doug and Mchammad in early. Have Doug go interview the janitor. We'll catch the others at home later. Tell Mo to get over to the UN. We need them to pull files on all twenty-two. Today. Then have him run the names past Nils Lud - maybe they're on a some watch list. He turns back to his computer. She waits.
75) 10) dialog: That’s it.
77) 0) text: Tobin reads a document. The “The Casual Dead” is on his d SHARI’S VOICE Doug on three. He picks up the phone.
77) 1) dialog: Yeah?
78) 2) text: INT. TOBIN’S OFFICE Tobin on the phone as before. He considers the legalities Doug’s query. Meanwhile... SHARI’S VOICE Rory Robb on seven.
78) 3) dialog: Alright, five minutes. Tobin punches over to Rory.
78) 4) dialog: Hey. INT. RORY’S OFFICE (CONFERENCE BUILDING) Rory talks on the phone while scanning a report on his de Through his open door, we see Mohammad and Nils Lud talki as the mercenary looks through the suspect list.
78) 6) dialog: Did you check for traces of leather oil or latex dust?
78) 8) dialog: Anybody wiping down a locker would also attract suspicion. He hesitates. Thinks. Says mostly to himself... TOBIN (cont’d) Unless he’s a janitor.
79) 4) dialog: Get out.
79) 6) dialog: Back out. Now.
79) 8) dialog: We’ re on our way. Tobin slams his phone down and grabs his coat.
80) 0) text: Tobin hurries out his office.
80) 1) dialog: Dot! {to Shari) I need a warrant for the janitor’s address. (running off) Dot !
81) 0) text: A potent mix of different ethnicities: West Indians, Afri Americans, Lubavitchers. Every shop seems to have a sign too much text and merchandise spilling out onto the sidew Tobin blows into his hands as he waits in front a three s walk-up with a wig shop on the ground floor. Dot and Doug with him, as is the Landlord.
81) 1) dialog: Here they are. TWO FBI AGENTS jog toward them. One’s short and confident the other a classic square-jaw.
82) 0) text: The door opens quickly. Tobin and Lemann lead. Dot and Al follow. Doug brings up the rear, closing the door behind 57.
83) 0) text: Dark. Sparsely furnished. Tobin and Lemann spin the corner; they exchange a look. The kitchen and part the living area have been converted a CRUDE BOMB FACTORY with pots, buckets, beakers, empty fertilizer bags, a car battery, two large camping lantern The agents gingerly approach. Dot and Alan go to check an adjacent bedroom and bathroom. A PIPE BOMB sits on the floor: two rows of PVC pipe bound together with electrical tape and attached to a weight- lifter’s belt with no buckle; the pipes aren’t capped.
83) 8) dialog: Wait! His hand freezes. Everyone stares at Tobin. TOBIN (corit’d) Why the lanterns if there’s light? All eyes go to the light fixture. It’s completely packed a dark paste wrapped in clear plastic.
83) 9) dialog: What is it?
84) 0) text: Tobin steps down the hallway, slowly, carefully. The door is only ten feet away.
86) 0) text: Tobin, Dot, Doug and the FBI Agents fall back against the wall as two more rounds blast right beneath them. Dead silence.
86) 2) dialog: Lud?!
87) 4) dialog: Hey.
87) 6) dialog: You heard?
87) 9) dialog: I was married. For six years. My wife died eighteen months ago. Of cancer.
87) 12) dialog: Edgar.
87) 15) dialog: A month is a long time.
87) 18) dialog: Silvia.
87) 22) text: INT. TOBIN’S CAR - NIGHT Tobin looks the picture of Kuman-Kuman’s body by the dome light. He’s still parked in front of Silvia’s building. His cell rings.
87) 23) dialog: Hello? (no response) Hello? He lowers his window, looks up at Silvia’s dark apartment
87) 24) dialog: Hello? Finally, a voice reaches him, raw, weak, flat...
90) 0) text: A world map on the wall. A globe. A window onto the USSS field office. A very long table. Like Tobin’s office, it faces East and the Secretariat is visible in the morning Lud has Chief Wu and Rory laughing Tobin leads Lemann, Do and Mohammad into the room. Mohammad hands out reports as Lemann and Dot take their seats. Tobin holds up a file with a photocopied passport photo o the Skinny African clipped to the outside. TOBIN (cont‘d) Kenneth Tebiki. He arrived on a tourist visa eighteen days ago carrying a Zambian passport. We think he’s our suicide bomber. He tosses the file on the table and holds up another with photocopied drivers license photo of the Janitor. TOBIN (cont’d) Your janitor’s real name is Adimba Nujoma. South African. A cell phone registered to him got a call froma Cape Town pay phone Thursday night. The print pattern suggests he’s the bomb-maker. The name and social he used to gain employment belonged to a deceased Gap employee in Oakland. Neither man is a known terrorist operative. Tobin sits. Everyone speaks quickly...
90) 2) dialog: He needed a return ticket to get a visa. He cashed it in and used the credit to book Nujoma on a Saturday flight to Paris.
90) 4) dialog: Did you check Nujoma’s UN locker?
90) 10) dialog: So who are they? The first pause. Nils Lud looks a Polaroid of the pipe bo
90) 12) dialog: The AFP doesn’t have a presence in Zambia. According to his passport, Tebiki made one trip in his entire life. He came to New York City.
90) 17) dialog: In advance. (to Mohammad) Have the corner check Mr. Tebiki’s T-cell count. (to Lemann) Was video equipment found on scene?
91) 0) text: Tobin is hurrying toward the open door of the English boo INT. ENGLISH TRANSLATORS’ BOOTH {SECURITY COUNCIL) Silvia waits as Tobin enters. She looks like she hasn’t slept. She closes the door behind him.
91) 2) dialog: What do they say? 67.
91) 4) dialog: What if your mic’s on.
91) 11) dialog: It’s okay. Tobin looks down onto the Council below. TOBIN’S POV: the British Ambassador has the floor.
91) 13) dialog: Are you sure this where you need to be today? 68.
91) 15) dialog: Hello? A distant click. Tobin puts.his fingers.on.the cradle.
91) 16) dialog: Is this an outside line? She nods. He hits *-6-9. And waits.
91) 17) dialog: It’s ringing. Ring two. He gestures for her come closer. They share the piece. Their cheeks almost touch. A distant ring. Tobin and Silvia listen to ring four. A machine answers..
91) 19) dialog: What?! Who is it?!
91) 21) dialog: From your machine at home?! She can only nod.
92) 0) text: Tobin and Dot join an Advance Team meeting. Twenty-three enforcement types stand in a circle. All holsters are emp Lemann indicates himself.
92) 4) dialog: Homeland. Tobin points to a Man in White Uniform, a Suit, and Dot.
92) 5) dialog: Coast Guard. NSA. Secret Service. Agent Woods is our detail leader. Dot stands in front of Four Men. Chief Wu stands flanked Rory and Six UN Investigators.
92) 12) dialog: And Zuwanie’s entourage?
94) 0) text: Just off the hallway between the GA and Conference Buildi A quiet area used by UN tour guides, so there’s a small m of the UN near the door. On one wall is an aerial photo o with the words “International Territory” written above. Diplomats move up and down the Hallway on the other side the glass. Mohammad leads Tobin down it. They enter, look for a quiet place to talk.
94) 2) dialog: He was a mercenary.
94) 4) dialog: Why make it look like a terrorist attack? Why do it in the UN? 72. Tobin looks to the UN model, then the aerial photo across room. He registers the words INTERNATIONAL TERRITORY. cuoT To:
96) 0) text: Tobin talks on his cell while pacing up and down in front the frozen pool.
96) 1) dialog: Would he sell Zuwanie out?!
98) 0) text: Tobin as before.
98) 1) dialog: It’s international territory. (he stops pacing) Anywhere else, Lud’s responsible. States let a visiting dignitary’s security force control their man. But the UN doesn’t. Wu’s not even allowing him the usual armed guard. 73. Tobin looks up at the towering Secretariat.
98) 2) dialog: This is the only place on the planet where a security consultant can’t be held responsible for his client’s safety.
99) 2) dialog: Yeah. Jon smiles.
99) 6) text: I know what he’ll say. He’1ll say, “Why the hell would Lud shoot his own men?” That’s what he’1ll say. Tobin reaches over and honks her horn.
99) 7) dialog: They were worthless the second they made our suspect list. -And Tebiki was probably too sick to run. Tobin honks her horn. She gives him an exasperated look, which he’s too pre-occupied to notice.
99) 8) dialog: It explains why there was no video. Terrorists always make a video, the handler needs it to make sure the bomber doesn’t back out. When Tobin reaches for the horn, she hits his hand
99) 10) dialog: No idea. Something Nujoma said that night must scare him. Unless... CUT To:
100) 0) text: A very small strip of grass behind Beekman Place. The sor hidden park used by drug dealers and leash-law violators. FDR is on the other side of a cyclone fence. Tobin, Dot and Silvia hug themselves in the cold. Over th roar of surging traffic, Tobin completes the sentence fro the previous scene...
100) 1) dialog: Could Lud be the man you heard?
100) 4) dialog: Lud is travelling on a dipiomatic passport. The evidentiary standard to-get-him-in. protective. custody is high. But if we make him think you can identify his voice, he may try to contact you. He may offer you money. He may threaten you again, directly. He may threaten people you know. Here. Or in Matobo. He may come after you. If we can catch him doing any of those things, we'd have evidence. Only the three of us would be involved. It would mean heightening your exposure. Silvia looks from Tobin to Dot. They don’t have to tell h the proposal is a flagrant violation of procedure.
100) 7) dialog: Of course.
100) 9) dialog: Zauwanie. And I wouldn’t need the second. Silvia stares at Tobin. Neither one looks away. Finally, smiles a slows smile.
100) 16) dialog: We can protect you, too.
100) 18) dialog: Yes. A beat. She nods a reluctant concession.
100) 20) dialog: Rave the linguistic tech check it. (he gestures Lud to sit) And tell Ms. Broome she can review the last of the tapes when she’s in the office during Zuwanie’s speech. Tobin lowers the voice recorder.
100) 21) dialog: You speak French don’t you?
100) 23) dialog: How would you say, “Edmond Zuwanie will die in this room?”
100) 25) dialog: Say it again. He holds the Dictaphone to Lud’s mouth. Lud stares at it a moment. He’s stuck. Then with false confidence...
100) 27) dialog: Chambre. Beautiful word.
100) 29) dialog: Somebody broke into Ms. Broome’s apartment this morning. Nils Lud looks like he’s getting information he can’t qui comprehend. Tobin sets the voice recorder on the table. 78.
100) 30) dialog: These interpreters are amazing. I had her reviewing tapes of various diplomats speaking French this morning. She’d hear three words and say, “Rotsi. He’s a Caprivian.” I’ve never even heard of Caprivia.
100) 32) dialog: That’s helpful. Lud puts on his best false smile.
100) 34) dialog: I just needed your French on tape. We’re checking everyone security cameras picked up leaving the UN Thursday after ten p.m. You left... (checking a document) ...at eleven-twenty-two. Pro forma. Tobin mimics the mercenaries smile. Lud looks at the voic recorder in the middle of the table, as if taunting him. The Waitress approaches. Tobin gestures for the check.
100) 35) dialog: You’re not worried, are you? Lud laughs. He stands.
100) 37) dialog: See you, tomorrow. Oh, one more thing. About the other night... (a beat) Thank you. The South African nods and limps for the door.
103) 0) text: Tobin stands at a window. A hooded camping lantern is on near-by chair, as is Edgar’s book. Tobin speaks on his cell while looking into Silvia’s bedr
103) 1) dialog: You okay? 80. INTERCUT between the BEDROOM and SURVEILLANCE APARTMENT:
103) 5) dialog: (re: Edgar) You haven’t told anyone, have you? She doesn’t respond. He can hear her breathing. When they speak, it’s in quiet tones and long pauses...
103) 7) dialog: Why not?
103) 9) dialog: I hated the advice. “You have to get out of bed every morning.”
103) 11) dialog: “Be thankful for the memories.”
103) 14) dialog: What do you want to know?
103) 16) dialog: Simple things. Sound of her key in the door. The weight of her leg on mine. The smell of her pillow. Jenn used to have this saying, usually for when I forgot to do something. She’d say, “Honey, love is a slow river of small details.”
103) 18) dialog: Cruel?
103) 20) dialog: What do you miss about Edgar?
103) 24) dialog: You okay? Click. She’s gone. He watches her. She’s lost in thought, as if she’s forgot him. She reaches up turns out the light. He does the same Tobin stands in the dark.
107) 0) text: Tobin reads “The» Casual. Dead”...Something..makes. him s he closes the book for a moment and takes up the binocula BINOCULAR POV: Silvia is in bed asleep. He scopes her Liv Room. The apartment door is closed. The window onto the f escape is closed.
109) 0) text: Tobin watches. INT. SILVIA’S BEDROOM Silvia sleeps.
110) 5) dialog: Alright, I’m on my way. Tobin disconnects and raises his binoculars. BINOCULAR POV: Silvia lies in bed. He picks up his cell phone and hits re-dial.
110) 6) dialog: Sorry to wake. you. BINOCULAR POV: Silvia holds the phone.
110) 8) dialog: I have to leave you alone for a few minutes. Fifteen at the most. (he checks the street) He may be up to something. INT. SILVIA’S BEDROOM Silvia sits up.
110) 11) text: EXT. SILVIA’S STREET - NIGHT Rain. Tobin exits the building that houses his surveillan apartment. He looks up and down the street. Quiet. The NY patrol car is still parked at the end. He runs to his car in the rain and retrieves a flashlight
111) 0) text: Tobin runs east. Above him, the Roosevelt Island Cable Ca rolls to the Queensboro Bridge, a bright blur in the mist
112) 0) text: Nils Lud watches Tobin run past, humming to Roger Whittak
113) 0) text: Tobin and Dot hurry through the narrow passage.
114) 0) text: Tobin runs the rainy street. Dot follows fifty yards behi INT. SILVIA’S LIVING ROOM Lud pushes the door open with his gun. He grabs the towel but leaves his tools in the hallway. H enters, closes the door, wraps the towel around his gun. Silvia is nowhere to be seen. The bedroom door is closed. storm blows in from the fire escape window. He investigat the escape is empty. He moves toward the bedroom. The phone rings. It rings again. And again. On the third, Silvia’s machine answers. 88. SILVIA’S VOICE Sorry. I can’t come to the phone right now, but here’s the beep. And after the cue tone, Lud hears over the speaker...
114) 3) dialog: Sorry. She collapses into him.
114) 5) dialog: Lud?
114) 8) dialog: Make sure we get it back. Silvia nods.
114) 9) dialog: One of us will go back across the street. The other will sleep here. Whoever you prefer. Silvia stands.
114) 13) text: INT. SURVEILLANCE APARTMENT — NIGHT It’s still raining. Tobin watches Silvia’s apartment like hawk. Dot joins him at the window. He’s feeling guilty...
114) 14) dialog: We almost killed her.
126) 0) text: Rory scrutinizes Delegates now coming through the detecto as Tobin looks out the glass doors at a sea of Protestors their yelling is a muffled roar. Tobin turns back to the Lobby. BINOCULAR POV on Tobin as he says into his sleeve mic...
126) 1) dialog: Doug, is Silvia secure?
128) 0) text: The Lobby is abandoned. The African sculpture sits eerily the quiet. The wall clock reads: 10:20. Tobin goes to the massive art work, touches it. Knocks. H A metallic din echoes through the abandoned Lobby.
130) 0) text: Tobin, Rory and Mohammad look from the balcony down on th sculpture. Lemann has climbed up a ladder from the Lobby floor - it’ held by Two UN Cops - and lays on top of the sculpture so can look into the five-foot top hole with a flashlight. LEMANN’S POV: The sculpture is empty iron mold. His beam light shows a knapsack at the bottom. He turns and yells up to Tobin...
130) 2) dialog: Tie it off. He jogs for a ramp that leads from the balcony down to th Lobby floor, removing his jacket as he goes. Rory calls after him...
130) 4) dialog: Not before he gets here! Tobin runs onto the Lobby floor and over to the sculpture the Lemann climbs down. Tobin takes his flashlight and cl the ladder. He reaches the top as the rope is dropped inside from abo
130) 6) dialog: Nope! Tobin crawl to the sculpture’s edge and sit inside the ri He puts the light in his belt, grabs the rope, disappears
131) 0) text: Tobin lowers himself down the rope. As he approaches the knapsack, he puts his feet against the side of the sculpt and hangs by one hand, using the other to hold the light. He sees what he couldn’t from above. A long length of thi dark CORD and black metal HOOK lie beneath it. The knapsa has no visible protrusions or wires. He puts the light as and warily touches it. Nothing. He gently unzips a flap.
132) 0) text: Rory, Lemann, Mohammad and Six UN Cops all look up. 96. Mohammad’s face is in a pre-explosion wince as the garbag bag tumbles down from above and drops on the floor right front of him. Tobin peers down from the top of the sculpt Lemann opens the bag and dumps its contents onto the floo An old sleeping bag, Two mostly empty juice jugs, A photocopied blueprint of building’s layout, Food..packaging, A small foreign-language paperback. Rory lifts a food wrapper with a pencil. Lemann scans the blueprint.
132) 5) dialog: Somebody probably lowered him from the balcony. He would need to hook this on the way down or he couldn’t get out alone. Tobin tosses the cord onto the sleeping bag.
132) 6) dialog: All he had to do is climb out when the lobby was empty after the sweep. He may have used the statue to smuggle a weapon inside. Look. Tobin picks up the paperback. There is no illustration on cover. The title and text are incomprehensible but the na of the author is recognizable: Douglas Sukru Kuman-Kuman. the back cover is a HANDWRITTEN PARAGRAPH in block letter
132) 7) dialog: He left us a message. 97. CLOSE on the paragraph: The message is indecipherable but salutation is in English: “To Police”
132) 8) dialog: This is Ku, right? Shrugs.
132) 10) dialog: (to Rory) Do we have enough to cancel the session?
132) 12) dialog: Doug, we need Silvia.
135) 0) text: Against a backdrop of protesters out beyond the gate, Sil and Doug walk onto the empty patio. Tobin waits for them the Reutersward sculpture of a gun with a twisted barrel. Silvia clutches her purse as if she wants to hide behind
136) 0) text: Weirdly empty. The metal detectors are now gone, though t cables for them are still present everywhere (they’re bei used in the Delegate’s Lobby). Tobin, Silvia and Doug hurry pass Five UN Cops.
137) 0) text: Tense. The GA President, Chief Wu, Rory, Lemann, Doug and Four UN Cops (one posted at each exit door) are silent as Tobin takes the paperback from Wu and hands it to Silvia. She examines it for a few jittery seconds.
137) 4) dialog: We can’t hold him. Not with ali the demonstrators out there. Either you cancel and we take him back to the plane or we bring him in. I need a decision. And I need it now. All eyes go the GA President. He says to Chief Wu...
137) 6) dialog: Now, sir. A taut beat.
139) 0) text: Cleared, Just Cops. Tobin waits on the landing. 100.
139) 1) dialog: Clear! Dot’s team brings Zuwanie up. They head left into the...
141) 0) text: The Five Secret Service Agents BURST INTO THE ROOM. Tobin enters last. The door slams behind him.
141) 7) dialog: (angry) We should have cleared the building and re-secured.,
141) 9) dialog: He’s out there. Believe me. 101.
141) 11) dialog: You okay?
141) 13) dialog: Keep your distance from Lud. Dot joins them.
142) 0) text: The big day. The Delegates and Press are all in their pla Some wear national dress. Everyone talks. UN Cops in Suits are in the aisles checking badges of var African delegations. A wall of UN Cops stands in front of rostrum. Tobin comes to-where Mohammad.stands.on.the rostrum. He s the Assembly Hall... TOBIN’S POV: Normal activities seems somehow threatening. Zimbabwean laughs too quickly. A Saudi speaks urgently in his cell phone. A Costa Rican seems to hide behind a pape Photographer adjusts his tripod, it looks for a second li zip gun. Up in the booths, faces. Everywhere. He sees Aud and Silvia’s Colleagues. CLOSE on Tobin. His eyes dart; he’s starting to panic.
143) 0) text: Tobin enters and paces in front of Dot. She tries to calm him...
143) 2) dialog: Yeah, well, what are they going to do when they realize it didn’t work? Anyone who went to the trouble of writing us in Ku... He’s interrupted by a troubling thought. A beat.
143) 3) dialog: Where’s Silvia?
143) 5) dialog: When she was getting calls, Lud was in our office, right? Yesterday? bor Yeah.
143) 6) dialog: Whoever he’s got out there would have. already been in the sculpture.
145) 0) text: CLOSE on Tobin. Pieces fall into place. He’s chasing the trail, wonders out loud...
145) 1) dialog: How could she call herself from her own apartment?
145) 7) dialog: I’1l check on her. Tobin starts walking to the Lounge. Thinks...
147) 0) text: Tobin leads Doug and Silvia through the tent, now free of Cops and metal detectors, closed for police use only. CLOSE on her Silvia’s purse; she clutches it tight.
147) 2) dialog: I got it. Doug exits. Silvia watches Tobin reach into his jacket. She’s breathi heavily now, moves closer to Zuwanie. Tobin steps into the center of the room. She raises the g out the purse. She wants him to see it. Tobin stops. He looks at the gun, the one he gave her. Seeing it almos seems a relief. The other two don’t notice the exchange. Tobin holds Silvia’s eyes a moment, then he does what for Secret Service Agent is unthinkable. Nothing. He simply a Zuwanie...
147) 3) dialog: How are you feeling? Zuwanie nods. Tobin moves back to the door and leans agai it. Silvia lowers the pointed gun back into her purse. A long, tense beat. Tobin's looking for a way out. He chooses words.
147) 4) dialog: (to Zuwanie) I’ve been reading a book by one of your writers. He writes about this Ku ritual. The Drowning Man Trial. Silvia cuts her eyes to him. Zuwanie nods indifferently. Edgar’s book is the last thing he wants to discuss.
147) 5) dialog: Ever hear of it, Lud?
147) 7) dialog: It’s interesting. When someone is murdered, a year of mourning ends with a Drowning Man Trial. There’s an all-night party beside a river. (MORE)
147) 8) text: TOBIN (cont'd) At dawn, the killer is brought in, given a chance to express remorse, put in a boat, taken out in the water and dropped. He’s bound so he can’t swim. The family of the dead then has to make a choice. They can let him drown or they can swim out and save him. Silvia listens as if to a voice from the past. Even knowi Tobin’ s game,.she.can’t.stop story’s impact.
147) 9) dialog: The Ku believe that if the family lets the killer drown they’1ll have justice, but they’1ll spend the rest of their lives in mourning. But, if they save him, that very act will take away their sorrow. Tobin’s eyes meet Silvia’s.
147) 10) dialog: The Ku have this saying, “Vengeance is a lazy form of grief”. He holds her eyes until she realizes Lud has noticed. She wipes her face with her left hand. A long beat. Tobin does another surprising thing: he opens the door.
147) 11) dialog: We go out in two minutes. He looks back at her a moment and he leaves the room. Silvia can’t believe it. She tries to focus on Zuwanie. T old man rests his head back and coughs. Lud watches her.
148) 0) text: Tobin goes to the center of the room and turns to the Lou door. Doug starts to enter but Tobin shakes him off. He watches the door, waiting, waiting. INT. SECRETARY GENERAL’S LOUNGE (GA BUILDING) Lud looks from the second hand on the wall clock to Silvi 107. Her gun is still aimed inside her purse. She forces herse to step closer to Zuwanie. His head still rests against t chair. Her breathing accelerates. She’s fighting ambivale Finally, she raises the purse slightly. One second. Two. Three. Four. Lud doesn’t breathe. Five. Six. Seven. SHE CLOSES HER EYES. Seven. Eight. Nine. She opens her eyes. Silvia Broome is no killer.
148) 4) dialog: From the paper plug in the blank. I gave you a training pistol. It takes her a second to comprehend.
149) 4) dialog: (sotto) Do you have a lawyer? She nods. Her mind is elsewhere. She stops at the glass doors and looks over the empty Lob and up the stairs. Zuwanie’s speech echoes through the ro he is indeed laying cut a program democratic reforms.
150) 0) text: Tobin and Silvia and the UN Cops come out onto the paveme The Protestors assume (rightly) that she’s one of their o arrested for trying to disrupt the speech. First Avenue erupts in CHEERS. The UN Cops hand Silvia over to Four NYPD Cops. She lower her head and moves with them to a squad car. Tobin follow She stops before letting herself be put in the backseat. has to yell over the din...
150) 3) dialog: What?! 110.
156) 0) text: Tobin and Doug look down on the proceedings. The Interpre with them don’t work as the British Ambassador is speakin
156) 3) dialog: Maybe. Maybe not. CLOSE on Tobin.
156) 4) dialog: Either way, it’s not my problem.