0) 0) text: In a heavy dust storm, two dirt roads meet at an abandone junction. Four old tires lay half-buried in the middle, t vague suggestion of a roundabout. Telephone wires dance angrily above. Corrugated tin roofs rattle in the distanc Reaching over the far road - not thirty feet away but bar visible in the storm - is an old wooden arch. Its long-fa slogan reads, “PRAISE AND WELCOME EDMOND ZUWANIE”. A Land Rover emerges from the dirt fog behind it.
43) 0) text: Wind. Four Freezing Black Protesters struggle with a bann DON’T LET ZUWANIE SPEAK! Reverse to reveal the Protesters are in front of...
61) 0) text: A still, bitter cold. The anti-Zuwanie protest has grown dozen. Protestors now hold pictures of murdered ku.
125) 0) text: A black BOEING 737 with the Matobean flag on its tail sit alone in a far corner of the airport. A caravan of six NY vehicles and three diplomatic limos waits. Dot waits a the bottom of the flight stairs with her Four Agents. She’s holding a pair of handcuffs. EDMOND ZUWANIE (68) comes down the stairs, followed by Si Aides. For a dictator, Zuwanie looks old and frail.
138) 0) text: Empty. Quiet. The doors BANG open. The Secret Service forms a cross around their Zuwanie. Th move him around the entry check point. Zuwanie’s Aides are herded by UN Police toward the metal detectors. Nils Lud tries to follow Zuwanie but...
140) 0) text: Cleared. Just a few UN Officers at the ends. The detail escorts Zuwanie past doors onto the GA and into the...
148) 0) text: Tobin goes to the center of the room and turns to the Lou door. Doug starts to enter but Tobin shakes him off. He watches the door, waiting, waiting. INT. SECRETARY GENERAL’S LOUNGE (GA BUILDING) Lud looks from the second hand on the wall clock to Silvi 107. Her gun is still aimed inside her purse. She forces herse to step closer to Zuwanie. His head still rests against t chair. Her breathing accelerates. She’s fighting ambivale Finally, she raises the purse slightly. One second. Two. Three. Four. Lud doesn’t breathe. Five. Six. Seven. SHE CLOSES HER EYES. Seven. Eight. Nine. She opens her eyes. Silvia Broome is no killer.
148) 6) dialog: He’s lying. Lud turns to see Zuwanie standing. It’s the first time we heard the old man speak. He’s shell-shocked and mad as he