0) 0) text: Bryan at 48, looking years younger, in good shape, wakes suddenly from where he had dozed off on his couch in his small non descript, generically furnished, anonymous two bedroom apartment. The instruction manual for a Karaoke machine he was reading falls to the floor. We realize that this was not a home movie, but a dream. Bryan takes a moment to clear his head, looks around at h anonymous surroundings, his eyes focus on a picture of a year old girl on a horse in full dressage, Kim, his daugh grown up. He breathes out heavily, his heart hollow. He picks up the manual from the floor, looks at it. All is not right in his world. It shows in his eyes.
111) 37) text: St. Clair leads Ali and his retinue through the front doo of a mansion, where other elegantly dressed guests can be seen gathering through the double story salon windows.
116) 0) text: Ali's bodyguard stands before a door. He turns to see Bry approaching with the bucket of champagne.
117) 0) text: Ali, the sophisticated Middle Easterner Bryan saw at the entrance to the mansion, sits ina comfortable club chair, in a tastefully appointed room, facing a floor to ceiling window that looks out on a stage where a naked girl of ab nineteen dances, gyrating listlessly, while a man behind watches.
117) 12) dialog: Hey! Bryan looks down, sees he has poured over the rim of the glass, soaked Ali's sleeve.
117) 14) dialog: Get out. He pays Ali no mind. Because his worst nightmare has come true. The robe is removed, the girl is turned. Standing there, with dulled drugged eyes, naked, for sale to the highest bidder, is Kim. The music comes on, Kim, prodded by the man behind her, s to dance listlessly.
118) 0) text: The door opens. Ali exits, Bryan right behind him. Becaus the walls are curved, Bryan has no field of vision. No so has Bryan stepped out, then two blackjacks from both side of the curved wall come crashing down on his head.
126) 0) text: Ali and his bodyguards bring Kim and two other drugged ou girls onto the boat. More bodyguards greet them on deck.
127) 0) text: Ali enters a stateroom where an older man in Traditional robes, SHEIKH RAHMAN, is reclining on a huge bed.
127) 1) dialog: (Arabic) They are being prepared sir.
129) 0) text: Ali, walking along a corridor hears the noise outside, pe out a window, sees the police cars rushing up the quai, t nothing of it, heads for a door at the end of the hall.
131) 0) text: Ali watches as two Arabic women are dressing Kim and the other spaced out girls in very chic, but very revealing g
131) 1) dialog: Show time! And then he hears a loud thump on the deck above.
133) 0) text: Ali moves through the corridor, the three dazed girls bei hustled along by two other men, when he sees, through the narrow window above him, a man hitting the deck, blood spurting from his mouth.
133) 1) dialog: You! He motions to one man.
133) 2) dialog: Come with me! Motions to the other.
133) 3) dialog: You deliver the girls! Ali and one of the men run off.
135) 0) text: Bryan lands in the interior corridor, just as two more me come around the corner, with automatic weapons. They fire. Bryan yanks open a door, which takes the barra of bullets. When the smoke clears, there is no movement from behind t door. The men rush the door, swing it open. There is no one there. | The men run forward, turn the corner, right into two grap hooks, that embed in their chests. Each hook held in one Bryan's hands. Bryan sees a door at the far end of the corridor, grabs o of the automatic weapons from the men he just dispatched, heads towards the door as fast as his bum ankle will carr him. Suddenly from outside on the deck, gunfire shatters the windows, rakes the corridor, tearing the wooden walls. Bryan runs, returns the fire through the windows as he go One man outside falls, another falls. Then Bryan takes a bullet in the arm, loses his weapon as he hits the floor. 100. Bryan struggles up, his arm bleeding, pulls himself up on the shredded wood of the wall, when Ali drops down the st pistol in hand.
135) 1) dialog: You! He raises his pistol to fire. Bryan's hand, clutching the wooden wall, yanks a board free, and just as Ali fires, h dives forward, somersaults, and comes up right in front o Ali, buries the board in his hand in Ali's forehead. The exposed nails pierce Ali's brain. Ali's eyes stare into Bryan's, go lifeless. Bryan pushes him aside, ignores his own wound, picks up Ali's pistol a limps for the door at the end of the hall. Just as he approaches the door, a shot rings out from ins pierces the door. Bryan falls. The door opens, and Sheikh Rahman appears, pistol in hand Behind him, Kim and the other girls are huddled on the be Rahman stands over Bryan, regards him for a moment, then turns back to the room. He hears a noise. Turns again to Bryan, standing, bloodied.