26) 0) text: Bryan, and Lenore are waving goodbye as their daughter an Amanda pick up their knap sacks on the other side of the ray machines. The girls wave goodbye, with their barely containable excitement sparkling in their eyes. Bryan stands off to the side, a forced smile on his face. Waves to Kim, hold his hand up to his ear like a phone. K smiles, nods, waves, mouths an "JT love you". Bryan snaps a picture of Kim and Amanda mugging with his disposable camera. And then they run off down the concourse. Free. The last thing Bryan sees as Kim disappears in the crowd, the back of her jacket and the word in glistening sequins DOLLFACE. 29.
28) 0) text: Bustling with arrivals off flights from all over the worl Amanda and Kim come rushing out of customs, laughing, delighted to be free and in Paris. They burst through the doors to...
29) 0) text: Kim and Amanda wait on line for a cab. Using her cell pho Kim is snapping a picture of Amanda pointing to a sign overhead that says TAXIS.
29) 3) dialog: Sure. Kim hands him the phone.
29) 7) dialog: California. 30.
29) 10) dialog: I'm Amanda. This is Kim.
29) 13) dialog: Yes.
31) 0) text: Peter helps Amanda and Kim carry their luggage to the fro door of the very fashionable apartment building.
31) 2) dialog: It's my cousin's. They're on vacation in Madrid. We have the place all to ourselves. How cool is that?
31) 4) dialog: No biggie. Amanda takes out a piece of paper, begins to punch the co on the keypad outside.
31) 6) dialog: It is, isn't it? The door buzzes open.
31) 11) dialog: Sure.
31) 13) dialog: What's to know? He's hot.
31) 15) dialog: 
31) 18) dialog: It's the whole fifth floor.
31) 20) dialog: 
32) 0) text: Kim and Amanda enter an amazing full floor apartment, a m of contemporary art and antique furnishings spreading out room after room,
32) 1) dialog: Is this sick or what?
32) 3) dialog: What's the difference?
32) 5) dialog: You told him you were going to museums too. Suddenly lying is not feeling so good to Kim.
32) 6) dialog: Oh come on! He's not going to know! (beat) I'm going to sleep with him.
32) 8) dialog: Peter.
32) 10) dialog: I hear French guys are amazing in bed. Maybe he has a friend...
32) 12) dialog: You've got to lose it sometime. Might as well be in Paris! How cool would that be? Losing it in Paris. To an artist! From the look on Kim's face, not cool at all. Amanda pops open an antique chest to a fully equipped sound system. Pops a disc into the CD player, cranks the sound way up. Music starts blasting, she starts dancing, gyrating sexil
32) 13) dialog: Party! Kim smiles weakly, clearly nervous.
34) 0) text: The music is blasting, Amanda is dancing all around the apartment, singing at the top of her lungs. Kim shouts.
34) 2) dialog: (shouting) What?
56) 0) text: Bryan lands in the bathroom. Looks around, exits. Bryan moves from room to room. In the room where Amanda was seized, he sees an overturne chair, an up ended corner of a rug. He kneels down, exami the room from that angle. 47].
58) 0) text: Bryan is looking at the screen of the machine. He sees: pictures of Amanda and Kim vamping and mugging in the LA airport, on the plane, in the Paris Airport. Each picture is of one or the other. Except the last one, where they are both mugging for the camera on the taxi li Bryan starts to manipulate the framing of the picture unt he catches a glimpse of a reflection in a security mirror the person taking the picture. Bryan keeps manipulating the frame, discovering more and more of the reflection, until a face appears, fuzzy, out focus. Bryan keeps pushing buttons, until the entire reflection the person taking the picture comes clear: Peter.