74) 20) dialog: Shhh... She quiets immediately.
74) 21) dialog: (to Bryan) Why are you bothering the girl?
74) 23) dialog: She is my business. He crowds Bryan, towering over him.
74) 24) dialog: And if you are not spending money, you are costing money.
74) 26) dialog: There is no negotiating. The price is the price. And now you also owe me for two that got away.
74) 30) dialog: Fifty euros or I kick your ass.
74) 34) dialog: And another fifty for being an asshole. He shoves Bryan hard.
74) 35) dialog: Now get the fuck out of here. I see you again, I kill you. Bryan stumbles away, hurrying off. Over his shoulder, Ant is making like he is going to slap the Hooker, who cringe
77) 1) text: Anton's SUV. Waits outside a very long trailer where thir workmen wait ina line to enter. A huge Albanian thug stan guard at the door, a card board box next to him. AS a man exits the trailer, buttoning up his work suit, h hands a plastic card with a number on it to the Albanian, who beckons the next man in the line to step forward. The man hands him money, the Albanian hands him the number, a a small towel from the cardboard box. The man steps into the trailer. A moment later Anton comes out, jokes with the Huge Alban takes a wad of money from him and walks off towards his c As he passes the line of workers, one man close to the fr of the line, turns away. As Anton enters his car, he turn back. It is Bryan. In worker's clothes. Two workers come out of the trailer.
79) 0) text: Anton and three other Albanian thugs are playing cards, w they hear the gunshot.
81) 0) text: Workers are running off into the night, half a dozen ston women are wandering about. Bryan hustles the girl out, and into the back seat of an SUV. He lays her down, straps her in with both sets of se belts, is about to hop in the front seat, when he sees a of gasoline by the side of a shed. Bryan tears the sleeve off his construction outfit, stuff it into the top of the can, lights the make shift fuse, t a running start and flings the can with all his might. Th can sails through the air, rag/fuse leaving a flaming tra behind. The can hits the trailer, explodes. The security men, the gathered construction workers, even some of the stoned girls, jump as the entire trailer goes in flames. A REAL ATTENTION GETTER THAT. Bryan is about to get into the SUV, when a shot shatters Side window. He looks up to four very banged up construct Site SUV's's, led by Anton's unblemished one, racing towa him. | 66. Anton hangs out the window, fires his gun at Bryan. Who jumps into the SUV, takes off.
82) 0) text: The banged up SUV's push past Anton's , training their headlights on Bryan's vehicle. Anton's SUV veers off, out of sight. Bryan races across the muddied rutted terrain, with the S racing after him like a pack of predatory jackals. One of the SUV's shoots past the others, comes right up on Bryan rear, Bryan looks in his rear view mirror, sees the man in the pulling a gun, Bryan turns the wheel sharply, heads down an impossibly s grade, spewing gravel and mud. The SUV jumps off the grade, follows. Bryan's car veers sideways as he struggles to control the wheel. The SUV gains on him. Bryan sees the grade bottomi out, spins the wheel so the car is straight. As he hits t bottom, he hits the brakes hard. Stops abruptly. The SUV so close, does not anticipate. Smashes right into the rea of Bryan's car. The driver flies right through his windshield, shattering both the window and his face. Bryan guns the SUV, takes off again because the other two SUV's have come around the side of the grade and are clos fast. Bryan looks ahead, sees up above on a plateau, four Massive earth movers pushing tons of dirt and rock down i a depression. Bryan races right towards the landslide about to happen. The SUV's race to catch him. Bryan keeps watching the movement up above. Slows down ju enough for the SUV's to come closer, maneuvers right unde the landslide of earth coming down. The dirt starts to hit his windshield, making visibility precarious. He slows even more. Checks the SUV's in the mirror, sees the men on them pulling their guns, not look up, just intent on their prey. And then, just as the SUV's have Bryan in range, a rumbli distracts them and they see a landslide of earth coming d Bryan guns his SUV, rockets just ahead of the massive sli driving blind in the cascading debris and dirt. The SUV's, caught in the middle of the slide, unprotected glass and steel, are doomed. 67. The first earth hits them, blinds them, and then buries t Bryan drives blind, but manages to come out the other sid of the slide. Only to see, right in front of him, bearing down, Anton i his SUV, leaning out his window, firing his gun. Bryan's windshield takes two hits; Anton's SUV shows no s of slowing. To avoid the head on collision, Bryan veers o to the left. Anton skids hard, follows. Bryan races into a series of cranes lifting large steel b Anton follows him. Spinning his wheel around the giant cranes and their swin loads, Bryan kicks up mud and gravel, splattering Anton's windshield, making it hard for him to see. Bryan sees a load of steel beams being lifted off the gro swinging left to right. He cuts hard around them. Tips them with his front fender. The beams spin around fast. Anton, barely able to see through the debris and mud splattering on his windshield, does not see the beam end that crashes through his windshield, until it is too late It crushes his chest. Bryan looks back, sees the beam jammed through Anton's windshield, looks over at the back seat at the unconsciou girl. Sirens are sounding in the distance. Bryan looks up and sees the flashing lights of police cars approaching. He drives off in the opposite direction.