0) 0) text: Bryan at 48, looking years younger, in good shape, wakes suddenly from where he had dozed off on his couch in his small non descript, generically furnished, anonymous two bedroom apartment. The instruction manual for a Karaoke machine he was reading falls to the floor. We realize that this was not a home movie, but a dream. Bryan takes a moment to clear his head, looks around at h anonymous surroundings, his eyes focus on a picture of a year old girl on a horse in full dressage, Kim, his daugh grown up. He breathes out heavily, his heart hollow. He picks up the manual from the floor, looks at it. All is not right in his world. It shows in his eyes.
1) 0) text: Bryan drives his innocuous three year old Nissan past the Hollywood sign, pulls into a modest strip mall. Parks in Front of a small appliance store. Exits the car with the Karaoke manual in hand. Enters the store.
2) 0) text: Bryan enters the cluttered store, which is jammed from fl to ceiling with every type of electronic gadget. He is greeted by the owner, SINGH, a turbaned Sikh.
2) 2) dialog: I'm fine. How are you, Mr. Singh? © INGH Very fine. I suppose you want to see it again?
2) 3) dialog: If you don't mind.
2) 6) dialog: I was looking over the manual and I noticed on page seventeen there is an auto record feature, but I didn't remember seeing it... Singh presses a button and a disc slot opens up.
2) 9) dialog: Really? (beat) Who's Beyonce? Singh looks at him.
2) 10) dialog: Only kidding. I'll take it.
3) 0) text: Bryan is studiously comparing a dozen different decorativ wrapping papers.
3) 2) text: Just want to make sure I'm picking the right one. Keeps examining the different papers. Detail oriented is description that fits Bryan toa T.
4) 0) text: Bryan is wrapping the Karaoke machine with a wrapping pap that reads young. Brightly colored, with balloons and confetti. He cuts the paper precisely, makes the corners match just so. As with everything else, he is meticulous. The way he folds it is unique, using no tape. His phone, on speaker, is ringing a number. The party on the other end answers.
4) 2) dialog: This is Bryan Mills. I'd like to speak to my daughter.
4) 4) dialog: Hi honey... That fades when he realizes it is... LENORE V.O. It's me Bryan. A bit of distance in her voice. Bryan stares at the pictu of Kim on his desk.
4) 5) dialog: Oh hi. How are you? LENORE V.O. Busy preparing.
4) 6) dialog: Is Kim there? LENORE V.O. Her stylist just arrived.
4) 8) dialog: I read it. I just thought maybe I could spend some one on one time with her, y'know, before things got busy. LENORE V.0O. Bryan, you missed so many of the events in her life, what difference does an hour make?
4) 9) dialog: (point of pride) I've never missed a birthday. LENORE V.O. I'll alert the media. (pause) Sorry. That wasn't necessary. I'm just in the middle of a lot here. The flowers came and they're the wrong pink. The DJ is stuck in traffic...
4) 10) dialog: I'll see you at three. Bryan hangs up, feels shut out. He looks at his watch.
5) 2) text: Bryan surrenders his car to a valet in the courtyard of t magnificent mansion, removes the wrapped karaoke machine from the back seat of his car, follows the rest of the ad toward the front door. Everyone else is dressed designer, Bryan is strictly off department store rack.
6) 0) text: Bryan enters to a scene out of Homes of the Rich and Famo complete with the adult cast of characters. Beyond, through the French doors, in the vast grounds tha stretch to the ocean, a no-expense-spared party is in ful swing. An endless buffet attended by a dozen wait staff i set up under an expansive tent. On a dance floor laid ove the lawn, teenagers hold sway, dancing, flirting, junior versions of their parents. Off to the side, people line up to leave their gifts, whi are neatly organized into a small mountain by a maid. Bryan ignores the line when he sees KIM in the back yard. Not the twelve year old in the picture on his desk, but a young woman of seventeen. Tall, beautiful, full of life. golden girl, who carries privilege easily, surrounded by Friends, amidst a swirl of waiters, and photographers, videographers.
7) 0) text: Bryan exits, is immediately intercepted by...
7) 2) dialog: I'm Kim's father.
7) 4) dialog: Her REAL father.
7) 8) dialog: Hello Lenore, The moment is awkward, at best.
7) 9) dialog: I just wanted to give Kim her present.
7) 11) dialog: I wanted it to be more personal.
7) 13) dialog: Oh come on Lennie...
7) 15) dialog: Excuse me. (pointed) Lenore.
7) 17) dialog: Hello darling. Happy birthday. He hands her the box.
7) 20) dialog: Open it.
7) 22) dialog: Here... He takes the bow off, pulls one end of the wrapping. The whole paper comes away neatly.
7) 24) dialog: No tape. I learned it in Japan.
7) 26) dialog: (apologetic) I figured she wants to he a singer,
7) 30) dialog: OK. One for the book...
7) 32) text: Big smile. Kim stands next to the machine, flashes a 24 karat smile. And just as Bryan snaps the picture, a commotion from the far side of the property draws her attention to... STUART JAMES, rich, polished, impeccably dressed and coif cantering a magnificent specimen of a horse through the g The crowd parts, and then, follows the horse and rider as they head right for an astonished Kim, a delighted Lenore chagrined Bryan. Stuart pulls on the reins and comes to an abrupt halt rig in front of Kim, Lenore and Bryan. He leaps off the horse hands the reins to Kim.
7) 39) dialog: Stuart. The two men shake hands; Stuart with all the confidence o man who knows he is ahead on points; Bryan with the feeli that he is losing ground rapidly. 9. Stuart looks over to Kim putting the horse through his pa on the far side of the vast expanse of lawn.
7) 41) dialog: I guess not.
7) 43) dialog: No. I just wanted to come by and wish her a happy birthday.
7) 47) dialog: You too. As Lenore and Stuart walk off, arm in arm, Bryan looks ov to where Kim is surrounded by her friends admiring her ho He looks down at his sorry little karaoke machine, feelin outflanked. Isolated. ,
8) 0) text: All neon and sale items. A clerk at the one hour developi booth hands Bryan a packet of photos.
10) 0) text: On the cramped cement patio, Bryan is tending steaks on a small barbecue. While Sam preps some potatoes, Casey open the wine, and Bernie tosses the salad.
10) 6) dialog: Go on, make fun. You know why I'm here.
10) 8) dialog: OK. We had her birthday today. Seventeen.
10) 10) dialog: She's not Lennie anymore. She's Lenore.
10) 13) dialog: The same. Perfect.
10) 18) dialog: Good. She's good.
10) 20) dialog: We're working on it. The men trade a knowing look.
10) 22) dialog: What life did I give up?
10) 29) dialog: What's the point here?
10) 31) dialog: Who likes theirs rare? He lifts a steak off the grill.
11) 0) text: Bryan is seeing his friends off. Sam stops at the door as the others walk to their car.
11) 2) dialog: A singer?
11) 4) dialog: (quick) OK. 13.
11) 6) dialog: Really.
11) 8) dialog: Better. No one gets killed.
14) 0) text: The two cars stop. The doors open and the DIVA, a golden tressed pop goddess, exits with her entourage, surrounded Bernie, Sam, Casey, and Bryan. The press corp, kept at a distance, pops their flashes. A handful fans scream her name. The Diva flashes her widest smile, waves to the fans.
15) 0) text: As the Diva is fussed over by her hair dresser and her ma up person, she warms up the pipes with Gio, running scale She sure can sing. She hits the last amazing high note, holds it forever. Bryan stands in the corner. As she finishes... 14.
15) 1) dialog: That was amazing. For the first time the Diva notices Bryan.
15) 3) dialog: Bryan. Bryan Mills.
15) 7) dialog: Excuse me... Everyone stops.
15) 8) dialog: (awkward) My daughter wants to be a singer... I was wondering...if you had any tips...
16) 4) dialog: Hello? (brightens) Oh hi honey. (to the guys) Kim... He folds his cards, stopping the game.
17) 0) text: The music is blaring in the BG as Bryan steps out of the room.
17) 1) dialog: The noise? At a concert. You recognize the song? Right. That's her. No, I'm not attending. Just helping out some friends with the security. Of course I met her. Who do you think's guarding her? No, she's not a bitch. Yes. She's very nice. I'm glad you're impressed. Hey, I'm happy you called. Lunch? Tomorrow? Bryan's heart leaps at the possibility. 16.
17) 2) dialog: Sure. I know the place. See you then. Love you too. Bryan hangs up, buoyed by the call.
18) 0) text: Bryan steps back in, a smile on his face.
18) 2) dialog: She wants to have lunch. (beat) Just the two of us.
18) 8) dialog: This way! Sam, Bernie and Casey cover the rear as Bryan leads the D towards the waiting cars. Suddenly the situation deteriorates. More fans press in past the barriers. 17.
18) 10) dialog: Casey! Casey pins the guy down.
18) 12) dialog: Go! Slams the door. The car zooms out.
19) 0) text: The car blasts out of the arena. The Diva, alone with Bryan in the back of the car, is sha like a leaf.
19) 1) dialog: Here, Drink this. Hands her a coke.
19) 2) dialog: The sugar will ward off the shock. She drinks, gulps. Stops to take a breath. And then break down, starts sobbing. She drops onto Bryan's chest, sobs and sobs. Bryan lets his arms wrap around her, awkward, b gentle.
19) 3) dialog: It's OK. You're safe... Doing his best to comfort what is now a hysterical, scare little girl. 18.
20) 3) dialog: Hey...c'mon...
20) 6) dialog: Right.
20) 8) dialog: That gives me a year to find her. the Diva's door opens, a somber Victor sticks his nods to Bryan.
21) 0) text: Bryan enters to a very subdued Diva.
21) 2) dialog: Since she's five.
21) 4) dialog: I'm sure it's not.
21) 6) dialog: Tt's what she wants. The Diva gives him a card.
21) 8) dialog: Thank you.
22) 0) text: Bryan sits, turning the card over in his hand, feeling ve pleased, excited at what he has to offer. He looks up to.
22) 3) dialog: Hi. His excitement subdues, he palms the card.
22) 5) dialog: I was just surprised. I thought it was just going to be...y'know... He points to the two of them.
22) 8) dialog: ‘Why do you want to go to Paris?
22) 10) dialog: I didn't know you were so into art.
22) 12) dialog: (tightening) And because you're under eighteen you need my permission to leave the country. 21.
22) 14) dialog: Just you and Amanda.
22) 18) dialog: I'm not comfortable with it.
22) 20) dialog: I know the world sweetie..
22) 22) dialog: It's seven thousand miles. It's another country.
22) 24) dialog: T'm sorry sweetie. I don't think a seventeen year old should be traveling alone.
22) 26) dialog: Two seventeen year olds.
22) 28) dialog: Well, how about this? How about I go along? Kim rolls her eyes.
22) 29) dialog: You won't even know I'm there. I'm very good at invisible.
22) 32) dialog: Let me think about it.
22) 34) dialog: Kim...there's something else... He brings up the card.
22) 37) dialog: I'd sacrifice anything for her.
22) 39) dialog: T am not comfortable putting my daughter at risk.
23) 1) dialog: Three conditions... Kim's suspicion begins to melt.
23) 2) dialog: I want the address and phone number where you are staying. Her smile begins to build.
23) 5) dialog: If you move, I want to know where and with whom you will be staying.
23) 8) dialog: You call me when you land. You call me every night before you go to sleep. He hands her a phone.
23) 9) dialog: It's international. My number is programmed in.
23) 13) dialog: And I want you to let me take you to the airport.
23) 20) dialog: Wouldn't it have been easier if you and I talked about it first? She has no answer to that, closes the door.
24) 0) text: Bryan and Kim on the way to the airport. Kim is wearing a jean jacket with a heart of red sequins embroidered on th Front.
24) 1) dialog: There are certain areas in Paris that you should avoid. I've written them down... He hands her a piece of paper.
24) 3) dialog: That's like telling water not to be wet.
24) 5) dialog: My job made me aware.
24) 7) dialog: Why?
24) 9) dialog: I worked for the government.
24) 11) dialog: I was a preventer.
24) 13) dialog: Bad things from happening.
24) 15) dialog: Yes it was.
24) 17) dialog: I missed you more. Kim leans over. Kisses him on the cheek, as the car enter LAX . 26.
25) 0) text: Bryan is lifting her suitcase out of the trunk, when Kim sees...
25) 2) dialog: Go ahead. I'll bring your bags. Kim goes running into the terminal. Bryan watches her go, sees the word DOLLFACE in sequined script across the back her jacket. It makes him smile. He goes to grab the smaller hand luggage out of the trunk sees a map in the side pocket. Knowing better, but not be able to resist, he takes the map out. Bryan's POV A map of Europe, with different cities circled in several countries, with dates next to each one. He does not like what he sees. He puts the map back, is about to lift the luggage, when chauffeured Rolls Royce pulls right in front of him. He gives a small grimace. And sure enough, the chauffeur opens the door and Lenore exits.
25) 5) dialog: I can manage. Bryan picks up both bags, slams the trunk with his elbow. Lenore heads for the door.
25) 6) dialog: Lenore. Can I talk to you a minute? She stops.
25) 7) dialog: Do you know about this? He takes out the map. 27.
25) 8) dialog: She's not just going to Paris.
25) 10) dialog: This is bullshit.
25) 14) dialog: What is it? Referring to the map.
25) 16) dialog: She's following a band around Europe?
25) 18) dialog: (pissed) Good hotels? You know, you live in your little bubble here, behind your wall, with your chauffeurs and maids and stylists... He catches himself as his contempt builds.
25) 19) dialog: You have no idea what the world is like Lenore.
25) 23) dialog: I did it to protect you.
26) 0) text: Bryan, and Lenore are waving goodbye as their daughter an Amanda pick up their knap sacks on the other side of the ray machines. The girls wave goodbye, with their barely containable excitement sparkling in their eyes. Bryan stands off to the side, a forced smile on his face. Waves to Kim, hold his hand up to his ear like a phone. K smiles, nods, waves, mouths an "JT love you". Bryan snaps a picture of Kim and Amanda mugging with his disposable camera. And then they run off down the concourse. Free. The last thing Bryan sees as Kim disappears in the crowd, the back of her jacket and the word in glistening sequins DOLLFACE. 29.
26) 1) dialog: I love you too. Said to her. Heard by no one.
30) 0) text: Bryan is looking at pictures the clerk just handed him of Kim at the airport, while he listens to his cell phone. A voice prompt comes on.
33) 0) text: Bryan is pacing, nervous. The clock reads two AM. He can' take another minute. He picks up the phone, dials.
35) 0) text: Bryan lets the phone ring and ring.
38) 1) dialog: It's Bryan. Did Kim call you?
40) 0) text: Bryan stares at his phone.
40) 1) dialog: Will you call, god damn it.
42) 4) dialog: You were supposed to call me when you landed.
42) 6) dialog: OK. I thought maybe something was wrong with the phone.
42) 8) dialog: That's alright. If I would have had the number where you were staying, I could have just called there. You have the number?
42) 10) dialog: Well, let me talk to the cousins, T'll get it from them.
42) 13) dialog: Is there anything else you want to tell me Kim?
44) 0) text: Bryan gets no response.
44) 1) dialog: Kim?
45) 3) dialog: Her cousins?
45) 6) dialog: Alright. Listen to me. His voice is very calm. He moves to a closet.
45) 8) dialog: We']l]1 deal with that later. 37. Bryan extracts a black case from the closet.
45) 10) dialog: I know you are sweetheart. I'm going to help you. But first I need you to help me. You have to stay focused. Did you meet anyone on the plane?
45) 12) dialog: In the airport?
45) 15) dialog: Peter who?
45) 17) dialog: American?
45) 19) dialog: Did he know where you were staying?
45) 22) dialog: Kim. You have to hold it together. How many people are there? Be precise. Kim does her best to pull herself together.
45) 24) dialog: Where are you?
45) 27) dialog: (calm) Climb under the bed. Tell me when you are there. Bryan does his best to contain his rising anxiety, to sta calm. Kim is now under the bed.
45) 29) dialog: Now, the next part is very important. They are going to take you..
45) 31) dialog: Kim. Stay focused baby. This is key. You will have five, maybe ten seconds. Very important seconds. Leave the phone on the floor. You must concentrate. Shout out everything you see about them. Hair color, eye color, tall, short, scars. Anything you see. You understand? 39. Just then footsteps enter the room.
45) 32) dialog: They're there. I can hear them. Remember. Concentrate. Bryan waits. Kim waits. Footsteps circle the room. Bryan can hear them, the waiti is excruciating.
45) 33) dialog: Put the phone closer so I can hear. Kim sees the shoes, sees them circle the bed. She holds h breath. Hears voices in a language completely unfamiliar. Bryan listens, not moving a muscle. Kim watches the feet move towards the door. Bryan hears the footsteps receding. Kim sees the feet leave the room. She breathes out in complete silence.
46) 0) text: Kim's scream reverberates through the room, shaking the w shocks Bryan. And even though it reaches into his very co he does not move. He calls on all his experience to stay focused on the task. He listens to his daughter struggle. And shout out... KIM V.O. Mustache. Six feet. (MORE)
46) 4) dialog: He hears the sound of breathing coming over the speakers, filling the room. After a moment...
46) 5) dialog: I don't know who you are. I don't know what you want. If you are looking for a ransom, I can tell you, I don't have money. But what I do have are a very particular set of skills acquired over a very long career in the shadows, skills that make me a nightmare for people like you. If you let my daughter go now, that will be the end of it. I will not look for you, I will not pursue you. But if you don't, I will look for you, I will find you. And I will kill you. There is a long silence. Just breathing coming over the line.
46) 7) dialog: Hearing the two words filling the room.
47) 0) text: Bryan drives at breakneck speed, phone to his ear.
47) 1) dialog: Sam, It's me. (MORE)
47) 3) dialog: I'm going to download something. I need it analyzed. Now. Bryan plugs the recording device into his phone. Hits a button.
48) 1) dialog: She's been taken. Bryan moves right past them. Man on a mission. Heads up the stairs.
48) 3) dialog: Any enemies overseas Stuart?
48) 5) dialog: Because you do business overseas through three shell corporations registered to dead drop addresses in Liechtenstein, Monaco and The Jersey Islands. Because you were involved in an oil deal with a bunch of Russians that went south five years ago.
48) 7) dialog: Because I was not going to let my daughter live with someone without knowing everything about them.
48) 9) dialog: Now's not the time for dick measuring Stuart. I'm going to ask you again. Do you have anyone who would be looking to hurt you?
48) 11) dialog: Which one?
48) 13) dialog: I got a call from her, she said there was someone in the apartment. Then she was taken.
48) 15) dialog: Every minute I stop to answer your questions is a minute I lose in getting her back. Which one Lenore?
49) 0) text: The room of a rich girl, filled with all the accouterment Bryan begins a thorough search. Bryan finds a picture of himself and five year old Kim bu in a drawer. Pauses for a moment.
49) 2) dialog: You have a lease agreement with NetJet through your Bahamian umbrella company . Stuart wonders: Is there anything Bryan does not know? 43.
49) 4) dialog: Get me a plane for Paris.
49) 6) dialog: An hour ago. Exchanges a look with Lenore.
49) 9) dialog: First I have to find her. Bryan's phone rings.
49) 10) dialog: Got it? He looks across the room to Kim's computer on her desk.
49) 11) dialog: Yes. I have access. Plugs the cell phone into the computer with a wire from h pocket. The computer boots up fast. Sam comes on screen.
49) 12) dialog: Go.
49) 15) dialog: Lenore's here.
49) 18) dialog: She needs to hear it Sam.
49) 20) dialog: Keep going.
49) 23) dialog: What else?
49) 25) dialog: To what? 45.
50) 0) text: Bryan is the only passenger, he sits with the recording device, listening to the recorded conversation with Kim. Hears...
50) 2) dialog: I don't know who you are. I don't know what you want... Fast forwards to...
52) 3) dialog: (French) The Morels please.
52) 5) dialog: Yes, I know. In Spain. (MORE)
52) 7) dialog: Their cousin and my daughter are staying in the apartment while they are away. You've seen them, yes? Two American girls? He holds up the picture he took at LAX of Kim and Amanda mugging for the camera.
53) 0) text: Bryan props the unconscious Concierge in his booth, heads into the building itself.
54) 0) text: Bryan is at the door to the Morel apartment. He tries to pick the locks, cannot. Looks around, sees a small window in the hall.
55) 0) text: Bryan squeezes his body out the window into the air shaft scales his way across the narrow shaft, using every avail foot hold and hand hold. Several times his hands slip, his feet lose their tractio but bit by bit, he makes his way across the shaft until h comes to a set of small windows. Bryan punches out one of the panes, opens the window, squ inside.
56) 0) text: Bryan lands in the bathroom. Looks around, exits. Bryan moves from room to room. In the room where Amanda was seized, he sees an overturne chair, an up ended corner of a rug. He kneels down, exami the room from that angle. 47].
57) 0) text: Bryan looks out the window across the open courtyard. He switches on his tape recorder. Begins to hear what he is seeing.
57) 2) text: Bryan, with the recorder playing.
57) 3) dialog: Go under the bed. Looks under the bed, then slips under the bed, puts himse in Kim's place, looks out. The recorder keeps playing.
58) 0) text: Bryan is looking at the screen of the machine. He sees: pictures of Amanda and Kim vamping and mugging in the LA airport, on the plane, in the Paris Airport. Each picture is of one or the other. Except the last one, where they are both mugging for the camera on the taxi li Bryan starts to manipulate the framing of the picture unt he catches a glimpse of a reflection in a security mirror the person taking the picture. Bryan keeps manipulating the frame, discovering more and more of the reflection, until a face appears, fuzzy, out focus. Bryan keeps pushing buttons, until the entire reflection the person taking the picture comes clear: Peter.
60) 8) dialog: Excuse me. Bryan hustles Peter past the astonished girl, pushes him into the cab, follows, slamming the door behind him.
61) 2) dialog: The two girl from yesterday.
61) 5) dialog: Drive. Peter tries to escape. Bryan drives his knuckle into Pete ribs again. The Taxi Driver flees the cab.
61) 6) dialog: The next rib I drive into your lungs. The Driver runs out of the car.
62) 0) text: Bryan hits the pavement hard. Before he can get up, the b Black Guy pounds on him. Smashing him over and over. Passengers run, screaming. The Guy grabs Bryan, yanks him up like a sack of potatoes Except this sack of potatoes is a lethal weapon. Before t guy knows what has happened, Bryan has grabbed his wrists ripped them down, bashed his forehead into the Guy's nose double punched him in his exposed throat. The Guy falls, face gushing blood, hands grasping his thr unable to breathe. Bryan turns back to the cab, only to find the other passe door open and Peter gone. Bryan sees Peter running up the road, holding his damaged ribs.
63) 0) text: Peter runs, desperate to escape, his ribs on fire with ev breath. He looks over his shoulder, sees the taxi gaining on him. He cuts off onto a one way ramp with traffic streaming down towards Bryan.
64) 0) text: Through the windshield, Bryan sees Peter running up a ram that has nothing but cars coming at him. 51. Unable to negotiate the narrow ramp packed with oncoming traffic, Bryan leaps out of the cab, blocking the road, snarling traffic to a stand still.
65) 0) text: Bryan takes off at a dead run up the ramp, running agains the traffic, zig zagging through the cacophony of blaring horns and irate drivers.
65) 1) text: Peter. At the very top of the overpass. His breath coming in jagged bursts, the pain in his side increasing with ea step. He looks back, sees Bryan gaining on him. Almost on him. He is running out of room, out of breath. He looks down to a roadway below, where the traffic is very sparse He looks back at Bryan, closing fast. Looks down at the roadway. Makes a choice. Jumps. Lands. Bryan reaches the top of the overpass, looks down. Peter looks up at him, victorious, safe. And then gets SLAMMED by a truck that comes out of nowher at forty miles an hour.
66) 0) text: JEAN-CLAUDE, the picture of a middle aged French bureaucr exits the building and crosses the street to a news stand He buys a paper, continues walking. He passes a cafe. A man is reading a newspaper. A moment later, the newspaper comes down. It is Bryan. He rises, atarts walking after Jean-Claude.
67) 0) text: Jean-Claude has stopped to look in a window. He walks on. A moment later, Bryan's reflection walks past the window.
68) 0) text: Jean-Claude waits for the light to change. Bryan comes up alongside him, neither man acknowledging the other. The light changes, they walk to the middle of the street, whe the second light is red. Both wait.
68) 2) dialog: Would you have it any other way?
68) 4) dialog: You mean looks boring.
68) 6) dialog: It wasn't. (beat) Until my daughter disappeared in Paris yesterday. Jean-Claude is caught unawares.
68) 7) dialog: She and a friend were marked by a spotter at the airport. Albanians took her.
68) 9) dialog: I'm retired. Not dead.
68) 11) dialog: I was told I have ninety six hours. That was sixteen hours ago. By the time I fill out the missing person reports...get interviewed by some clerk...
68) 13) dialog: I found him. Jean-Claude registers surprise.
68) 14) dialog: He's dead. 93.
68) 17) dialog: Jean-Claude, I will tear the fucking Biffel tower down if I have to.
68) 19) dialog: I thought I was talking to a friend.
68) 21) dialog: (reading) Deputy director. Internal Security. Very impressive desk. (beat) The Albanians.
68) 23) dialog: Where can I find them?
69) 0) text: Through the second story window: Bryan talking to a man b a desk, who takes notes.
70) 0) text: Bryan drives out of the lot into the Parisian night.
72) 1) dialog: Gregor Milocivic?
72) 3) dialog: I'm Mr. Smith. Get in. Bryan opens the door, Gregor enters the car, grateful to off the street.
73) 0) text: Gregor hands Bryan a sheet of paper.
73) 2) dialog: Yes. Albanian to English. You do speak Albanian?
73) 4) dialog: What's your rate?
73) 6) dialog: Here's for ten hours. Wait here. Bryan goes to exit.
73) 8) dialog: Right now the job is waiting here. Bryan exits the car, locks the doors. Gregor watches him walk toward the gathering of hookers down the street.
74) 0) text: Bryan approaches one of the hookers.
74) 1) dialog: Bon soir.
74) 3) dialog: I love your dress. What is that? Silk?
74) 5) dialog: Just the way it falls. It must be silk. You know the way it compliments the natural curves of your body... A car passes by, slows, looks at the hooker, then moves o to another girl.
74) 7) dialog: Twenty? For a hand job? Must be a hell of a hand doing the job for twenty euros. Ha, ha, get it? Hand, job...
74) 9) dialog: I didn't say I wasn't buying. MI just like to get comfortable before I purchase, Like this karaoke machine I just bought. I read the manual Erom front to back...
74) 11) dialog: Trouble? Really? With who?
74) 13) dialog: OK. Let's say I want two of the three, do I get a discount? Another car passes, the girl tries to wave the driver dow but Bryan stands in front of her.
74) 14) dialog: Or how about all three? Sort of a package deal. The car drives on.
74) 16) dialog: My name's Bryan... But she is not listening to him, because over his shoulde she sees a car approaching.
74) 18) dialog: I thought we were negotiating! The hooker steps back as a flashy SUV rolls up. A big, brutish Thug, ANTON THE ALBANIAN, steps out of the passen side, approaches Bryan.
74) 22) dialog: What's it your business?
74) 25) dialog: I was negotiating.
74) 28) dialog: I don't owe you... Anton grabs Bryan by the front of his jacket, slams him against the wall. Bryan grabs onto the lapels of Anton's jacket.
74) 29) text: Bryan's hand. Attaching a small, almost imperceptible, bu on the inside of the lapel.
74) 31) dialog: 
74) 33) dialog: Here's fifty. Anton grabs the bills, takes an additional few.
75) 0) text: Bryan re enters the car to a shaken Gregor.
75) 2) dialog: You were hired to translate. Bryan takes a device out of his bag.
75) 4) dialog: That. They both look out the windshield as Anton is speaking to the man driving the SUV. An astonished Gregor hesitates f a moment.
75) 5) dialog: Translate. Gregor begins to translate.
75) 7) dialog: What about me?
75) 9) dialog: Be specific.
75) 11) dialog: Just translate.
75) 13) dialog: Keep going.
75) 15) dialog: Every word.
75) 17) dialog: Yes.
75) 19) dialog: I know that. Now what are they saying?
75) 23) dialog: You're better off not knowing. Is it still football?
75) 26) dialog: You're not supposed to. Thank you. Bryan leans over, opens Gregor's door.
75) 27) dialog: Good bye. Gregor looks at him askance, is about to exit the car.
75) 28) dialog: I asked for a English Albanian dictionary. Did you bring it? Gregor hands him a book.
75) 29) dialog: Thank you. Gregor exits the car. He is barely out, when Bryan jams h foot on the accelerator and zooms off.
76) 0) text: Gregor watches as Bryan speeds away. POV someone else also watching both Bryan and Gregor.
77) 1) text: Anton's SUV. Waits outside a very long trailer where thir workmen wait ina line to enter. A huge Albanian thug stan guard at the door, a card board box next to him. AS a man exits the trailer, buttoning up his work suit, h hands a plastic card with a number on it to the Albanian, who beckons the next man in the line to step forward. The man hands him money, the Albanian hands him the number, a a small towel from the cardboard box. The man steps into the trailer. A moment later Anton comes out, jokes with the Huge Alban takes a wad of money from him and walks off towards his c As he passes the line of workers, one man close to the fr of the line, turns away. As Anton enters his car, he turn back. It is Bryan. In worker's clothes. Two workers come out of the trailer.
78) 0) text: Bryan enters the trailer, and what he sees is: a long ais with five cubicles on either side. Long wires with blanke hanging from them afford dubious privacy to each cubicle. Numbers are pinned to each blanket. 63. Bryan looks at his number. Finds the corresponding blanke goes behind it. What he finds is a young girl, laying ona cot with soiled sheets, drugged up, dulled, wearing nothi but an unbuttoned blouse. Half a dozen discarded small to fill a small cardboard box in the corner. Next to the bed Bryan's eyes go to a bucket, with a half dozen used condo in it. The girl looks up at Bryan, holds a condom up ina lazy, indifferent hand, and mechanically spreads her legs. Brya Fights back his revulsion, retreats. Back out in the corridor, Bryan collects himself, uses al his will power to keep from throwing up, remembers why he there, goes to the next blanket, pulls it aside, sees... Another girl laying on a cot, naked, with dull drugged ey and a man just unbuttoning his pants.
78) 3) text: Bryan lifts the jean jacket to the girl's unfocused eyes.
78) 4) dialog: Where did you get this? The girl looks at him, uncomprehending. Bryan sees a seri of fresh needle tracks on her arms. Her response is to ho up a condom, spread her legs. Bryan takes the soiled shee and covers her.
78) 5) dialog: Where did you get this? Trying to get her to focus.
78) 7) dialog: Who gave it to you? The girl lapses into her drugged state.
78) 8) dialog: Who gave this to you?
78) 11) dialog: Yes you are. Now come on. I'm going to take you someplace safe. Bryan gets the jacket around her. She can barely stand. He starts to head for the door, shepherding the girl thro the crowd of naked, stoned women, wobbling around, throug the men rushing for the exit. When three more Albanians come charging through the door. Seeing the chaos, they ke on Bryan and the girl under his arm. They attack. Bryan puts the girl aside and meets the first attack, dispatching the man with one chop to the throat, he spins into the second, with a palm hand to the nose. The third has drawn his gun, fires, hits a woman in front of Bryan. As her chest explodes, Bryan leaps, takes the man out wit Flying kick.
80) 0) text: Bryan runs back for the girl, who has now gone unconsciou He lifts her in his arms, heads for the exit.
81) 0) text: Workers are running off into the night, half a dozen ston women are wandering about. Bryan hustles the girl out, and into the back seat of an SUV. He lays her down, straps her in with both sets of se belts, is about to hop in the front seat, when he sees a of gasoline by the side of a shed. Bryan tears the sleeve off his construction outfit, stuff it into the top of the can, lights the make shift fuse, t a running start and flings the can with all his might. Th can sails through the air, rag/fuse leaving a flaming tra behind. The can hits the trailer, explodes. The security men, the gathered construction workers, even some of the stoned girls, jump as the entire trailer goes in flames. A REAL ATTENTION GETTER THAT. Bryan is about to get into the SUV, when a shot shatters Side window. He looks up to four very banged up construct Site SUV's's, led by Anton's unblemished one, racing towa him. | 66. Anton hangs out the window, fires his gun at Bryan. Who jumps into the SUV, takes off.
82) 0) text: The banged up SUV's push past Anton's , training their headlights on Bryan's vehicle. Anton's SUV veers off, out of sight. Bryan races across the muddied rutted terrain, with the S racing after him like a pack of predatory jackals. One of the SUV's shoots past the others, comes right up on Bryan rear, Bryan looks in his rear view mirror, sees the man in the pulling a gun, Bryan turns the wheel sharply, heads down an impossibly s grade, spewing gravel and mud. The SUV jumps off the grade, follows. Bryan's car veers sideways as he struggles to control the wheel. The SUV gains on him. Bryan sees the grade bottomi out, spins the wheel so the car is straight. As he hits t bottom, he hits the brakes hard. Stops abruptly. The SUV so close, does not anticipate. Smashes right into the rea of Bryan's car. The driver flies right through his windshield, shattering both the window and his face. Bryan guns the SUV, takes off again because the other two SUV's have come around the side of the grade and are clos fast. Bryan looks ahead, sees up above on a plateau, four Massive earth movers pushing tons of dirt and rock down i a depression. Bryan races right towards the landslide about to happen. The SUV's race to catch him. Bryan keeps watching the movement up above. Slows down ju enough for the SUV's to come closer, maneuvers right unde the landslide of earth coming down. The dirt starts to hit his windshield, making visibility precarious. He slows even more. Checks the SUV's in the mirror, sees the men on them pulling their guns, not look up, just intent on their prey. And then, just as the SUV's have Bryan in range, a rumbli distracts them and they see a landslide of earth coming d Bryan guns his SUV, rockets just ahead of the massive sli driving blind in the cascading debris and dirt. The SUV's, caught in the middle of the slide, unprotected glass and steel, are doomed. 67. The first earth hits them, blinds them, and then buries t Bryan drives blind, but manages to come out the other sid of the slide. Only to see, right in front of him, bearing down, Anton i his SUV, leaning out his window, firing his gun. Bryan's windshield takes two hits; Anton's SUV shows no s of slowing. To avoid the head on collision, Bryan veers o to the left. Anton skids hard, follows. Bryan races into a series of cranes lifting large steel b Anton follows him. Spinning his wheel around the giant cranes and their swin loads, Bryan kicks up mud and gravel, splattering Anton's windshield, making it hard for him to see. Bryan sees a load of steel beams being lifted off the gro swinging left to right. He cuts hard around them. Tips them with his front fender. The beams spin around fast. Anton, barely able to see through the debris and mud splattering on his windshield, does not see the beam end that crashes through his windshield, until it is too late It crushes his chest. Bryan looks back, sees the beam jammed through Anton's windshield, looks over at the back seat at the unconsciou girl. Sirens are sounding in the distance. Bryan looks up and sees the flashing lights of police cars approaching. He drives off in the opposite direction.
82) 1) text: A car parked in the shadows. The driver watching, puts hi car in gear, follows Bryan.
83) 0) text: Bryan roams the aisles, reading labels for ingredients, b various medicines, picks up an IV kit.
84) 0) text: Bryan exits, heads for the SUV, notices a car parked down the street, a man behind the wheel. Bryan enters his car, drives off. The car follows.
85) 0) text: Bryan looks over at the girl sleeping in the back seat. H eyes fix on the DOLLFACE jacket covering her. 68.
86) 0) text: On a quiet, deserted street, the SUV is parked next toa smaller car. Bryan is at the door of the smaller car, jimmies the lock Returns to the SUV, picks the girl up off the seat, depos her in the smaller car. Bryan hot wires the car, drives off, disappears at the en of the street.
87) 2) dialog: Hello Gilles. How is the wife?
87) 4) dialog: Yes. But here I am.
87) 6) dialog: Plus one.
88) 1) text: Bryan gerry rigs an intravenous unit up. Crushes the various meds he bought to powder. Concocts a solution. Inserts the IV needle into the girl's arm.
88) 2) text: As the intravenous drips into the unconscious girl's body Bryan takes Kim's jacket, brushes it off, removes some gr from it, hangs it up, smoothing it out. Lingers over the touch of the material in his hand.
89) 2) text: Bryan. Standing on a rooftop talking into a walkie talkie peering through a pair of binoculars.
89) 3) dialog: You can tell them to stop jogging now.
90) 2) dialog: You didn't really think I was going to come down there, did you?
90) 5) dialog: I didn't have time to worry about neatness.
90) 7) dialog: Had. Now I have fifty six.
92) 1) dialog: And what about my daughter?
92) 3) dialog: Sorry doesn't cut it.
93) 3) dialog: I'm not trying to beat the State. I'm trying to save my kid. (beat) And it was a trailer, not a building. Bryan sees the agents bursting onto a far roof top with h binoculars.
95) 0) text: Bryan steps out of an alley, tosses the walkie talkie int garbage can, and walks up a street, right past the empty cars of the agents. 72.
96) 0) text: The girl wakes slowly, groggy. She looks up at the intravenous. Looks at a very sleep deprived Bryan who is copying something onto a piece of paper from the dictiona he got from Gregor. He sticks the paper in his pocket. Th girl reaches up for the intravenous needle, weakly.
96) 1) dialog: It's fluids... Her still clouded eyes focus on Bryan, who has stopped he hand from removing the needle in her arm.
96) 2) dialog: And medication to counteract the drugs. She seems to relax.
96) 3) dialog: Where did you get this? He holds up Kim's jacket.
96) 5) dialog: Where did you get the jacket? Did you get it from this girl? He holds up a picture of Kim. The girl nods.
96) 8) dialog: Where did she give you the jacket?
96) 10) dialog: What house?
96) 22) dialog: What about her? Holds up Kim's picture. 74.
96) 23) dialog: What about this girl?
96) 25) dialog: Did they... He can't even bring himself to think about the possibilit
96) 26) dialog: What happened to her?
96) 28) dialog: Do you know where the house is?
97) 1) dialog: Good morning. Cleaned up, looking very official in a suit, enters the y
97) 3) dialog: I'm here to see your boss. 75.
97) 6) dialog: I push one button and thirty agents will be here before you can scratch your worthless balls. Now stop fucking around, before I shut you down for wasting my time.
97) 9) dialog: You're holding it. He alludes to the card.
98) 0) text: Bryan is led down a narrow hallway toward the kitchen. On the way, he passes a room where four men are playing card He passes a staircase, where a man is descending, buttoni his pants, another is ascending. Bryan looks past the man descending, to the top of the stairs. Then he locks eyes with the man.
99) 1) dialog: Black, one sugar, please. Alludes to the coffee pot. One of the men at the table no to the thug who brought Bryan in. He gets the coffee.
99) 3) dialog: I'm here to negotiate the rates.
99) 5) dialog: Mr. Macon has moved to another division. I am here for the re negotiation. The Men say nothing, look at each other, then back at Bry who takes a sip of the coffee.
99) 6) dialog: Very nice coffee. (beat) Unless you think I am being unreasonable, let me explain our position. We have you under satellite surveillance twenty four hours a day. The Men all look up to the ceiling, out the windows.
99) 7) dialog: We hear everything you say, we know everything you do. Do you have any idea what it cost just to change the angle of the lens on a satellite orbiting 200 miles above the Earth? And those costs have gone up. Our costs go up, your costs go up. It is only logical. (beat) By the way, which one of you is Marko? He speaks 77.
99) 9) dialog: I was told Marko is in charge.
99) 11) dialog: Marko from Skopje.
99) 13) dialog: If that is the game you want to play, the rate just went up ten percent.
99) 15) dialog: I am extorting you because you are breaking the law. Now which charge would you like to be arrested for? The drugs? The kidnapping? Or the prostitution? The men look from one to the other. Again the
99) 16) dialog: You come to our country, take advantage of our system, and think because we are tolerant, we are weak, and helpless. Your arrogance offends me. And for that, the rate just went up another ten percent. men trade a look.
99) 17) dialog: You want to get down to business? Or you want to keep playing? The atmosphere grows more tense by the moment. Bryan star at the Albanians, the Albanians stare back. The thug behi Bryan has his hand tucked into his coat. Then the tension is broken by...
99) 19) dialog: Better. Twenty percent. The Man blinks.
99) 20) dialog: And you have my word it will not go up (beat ) For a year. Bryan goes to scoop sugar in his coffee from a pot on the table. Addresses the third man.
99) 21) dialog: How do you say sugar in your language?
99) 24) dialog: It buys you the future. Again the men look at each other. Man 1 pulls out a wad o bills, counts some bills, puts them on the table.
99) 25) dialog: You've made a very good investment. He takes the money, pockets it, finishes his coffee...
99) 26) dialog: See you in a month. Gets up to go. Then, as if forgetting something, he takes piece of paper out of his pocket, the paper he copied wor on from the Albanian dictionary. He turns to the fourth man, who has said nothing.
99) 27) dialog: A friend gave this to me. It's Albanian. You mind translating it for me? The man stares at the paper, suspicious, looks at the oth The others shrug. He reads from the paper, translates...
99) 34) dialog: You don't remember me. Marko looks at him, uncomprehending.
99) 35) dialog: We spoke on the phone three days ago. Marko doesn't understand.
99) 36) dialog: I told you I would find you. Now Marko remembers. He reaches into his jacket. In the flash of an eye, before he can get his weapon out, Bryan lashes out, chops his throat. The other men go for their weapons. But Bryan is like lightning. He grabs the two knives from a plate where the were previously cutting sausage and cheese, flings them simultaneously. One knife catches one man in the heart, the other man thr the eye. The third man has his gun out. Bryan breaks his neck befo he can get a shot off. | Bryan takes the gun. Deliberately fires a shot into the ceiling.
102) 0) text: The men from the front room come rushing in to find bodie blood everywhere. But before they can understand that the is one more body than there were men in the room, one of bodies rises. Bryan shoots so fast, the men are dead before they know i Bryan heads out of the kitchen.
104) 0) text: The two men come running back the way they came, the foot still sounding on the stairs. As they turn the corner to head up the stairs, they come face to face with Bryan, stamping his feet on the stairs the cadence of someone walking. Their momentary surprise ail he needs to shoot them dead. Bryan turns and heads up the stairs.
105) 0) text: Cautiously, Bryan comes to a line of closed doors. His ne keening, he moves forward to the first door. He opens it slowly. Finds a half naked woman, out of it on drugs, handcuffed to a bed. He opens another door. Finds another girl in the same condition. His stomach knotting, he opens a third door. In the dim light, Bryan cannot make out the face. The woman bears a Similarity to Kim, Bryan hurries over to her, turns her head into the light. It is not Kim. Bryan rushes out.
105) 1) text: Bryan knocks down door after door, finding naked, drugged bound women in various states of ravaged. None of them is Kim. B81. Bryan kicks down one last door, and finds...
105) 2) dialog: Amanda ! Amanda, hands tied to a post behind the bed, her eyes ope staring into eternity. Foam drips out of the corner of he slack mouth. A syringe is still inserted in her arm. She is dead. A BLUR comes into focus.
106) 0) text: Light seeps in through the floor boards, creating a mix o light and shadow. Marko is trussed, spread eagled, naked on a rack that loo like some sort of S&M sex device. Two wires run from his groin to a light switch on the wall. Bryan's hand is on t switch.
106) 1) dialog: Where is she?
106) 3) dialog: (calm) You know we used to out source this sort of thing. But what we found was the countries we out sourced to had unreliable power grids. Very third world. Sometimes you'd turn the switch on, there'd be no power for hours. (MORE)
106) 5) dialog: And then tempers would get short, people would resort to things like pulling finger nails, acid drips on bare skin. The whole exercise would become...counter productive. But here the power is stable, there's a nice even flow. Here you can flip a switch and the power stays on all day. He takes the cloth out of Marko's mouth.
106) 6) dialog: Where is she?
106) 8) dialog: Now I don't have any more time to waste Marko from Skopje. You either give me what I need, or this switch will stay on until they turn the power off for lack of payment on the bill. Where is my daughter?
106) 10) dialog: You sold my daughter? Marko nods.
106) 11) dialog: To who?
106) 14) dialog: St. Clair. Is that a person? A place? 83.
106) 16) dialog: Where do I find this person Patrice St. Clair?
106) 19) dialog: I believe you. He gives Marko a pat on the back.
106) 20) dialog: But it's not going to save you. He does not bother to put the rag in Marko's mouth, just hits the switch. The light bulb keeps flickering. Bryan walks out of the room to the most horrendous scream ever to come from a human throat.
109) 3) dialog: Yes. I thought you would like it.
111) 2) dialog: Yes. Must be nice coming home and seeing your kids every night, knowing they're safe. Jean-Claude is growing increasingly uncomfortable. 85.
111) 6) dialog: Dark please. As she serves him...
111) 8) dialog: You know him?
111) 10) dialog: Thank you. : Takes a spoonful on his plate.
111) 11) dialog: I got to the bottom of it Jean. I know everything. I hope you're not involved in this shit.
111) 15) dialog: Are you involved?
111) 17) dialog: Because if you are... Jean-Claude pulls his gun, points it at Bryan.
111) 20) dialog: And what about my family Jean?
111) 22) dialog: Who is Patrice St. Clair?
111) 27) dialog: I'm not finished. Jean-Claude menaces with the gun.
111) 29) dialog: No I'm not. Jean-Claude pulls the trigger. Click click.
111) 30) dialog: That's what happens when you sit behind a desk. You stop paying attention to the details. You forget things. Like the weight in the hand of a gun that is loaded and one that is not. In the flash of an eye, Bryan takes out his own gun. Shoo Isabelle in the shoulder. She falls to the floor screamin Jean-Claude goes to move. Bryan takes him to the table wi an immobilizing arm lock, presses the gun to his head.
111) 32) dialog: It's a flesh wound. But if you don't get me what I need, the last thing you'll see before I make your children orphans is the bullet I put between her eyes. (beat) Patrice St. Clair.
111) 35) dialog: You could have made this much less painful for everyone involved if you had been more concerned about my daughter, and less concerned about your fucking desk. (beat) Please apologize to your wife for me. He shoots Jean-Claude in the thigh. 88.
111) 38) text: Bryan. Lowering the binoculars from his vantage point on one of the bridges across the Seine. In the distance, on the far shore of the river, is the St. Clair mansion.
111) 39) text: Jean-Claude's official ID. With Jean-Claude's name and position, but Bryan's picture.
112) 0) text: A formal party is in progress. Bryan is the only one not dressed for the affair. Waiters circulate with hors d'oeu and flutes of champagne. Bryan moves through the crowd, trying to get his bearings when he sees St. Clair, across the room, accompanied by t discreet security men, being admitted through a secured d into a small elevator.
113) 0) text: Bryan approaches the Security man at the door.
113) 2) dialog: Yes, I'm here to see Mr. St Clair.
113) 5) dialog: Please look again. As the man looks down, Bryan buries a lightning fast knuc punch to his temple, catching him before he falls. Proppi the man up, Bryan opens the elevator door, disappears ins
114) 0) text: Bryan exits the elevator to a garage and several luxury c He leaves the unconscious Security Man, heads through a d at the far end of the garage.
115) 0) text: Bryan emerges to a circular hallway, wrapping around a wa with intermittent doors. From behind the wall he hears lo voices, and then applause. Bryan hears footsteps coming, turns to a waiter with a champagne bucket and a bottle of champagne, and a single Flute. The waiter stops, looks at Bryan.
116) 1) dialog: Your champagne.
117) 0) text: Ali, the sophisticated Middle Easterner Bryan saw at the entrance to the mansion, sits ina comfortable club chair, in a tastefully appointed room, facing a floor to ceiling window that looks out on a stage where a naked girl of ab nineteen dances, gyrating listlessly, while a man behind watches.
117) 4) dialog: Your champagne sir. Krug Reserve 1985. He displays the bottle. Ali does not turn from the window Hits a button on the desk next to him.
117) 6) dialog: May I serve?
117) 13) dialog: Sorry.
117) 16) dialog: I heard what you said. Buy her. Ali hesitates.
117) 26) dialog: Let's go.
117) 28) dialog: If you want to live, you'll make sure I do. Move. He pushes Ali toward the door.
118) 0) text: The door opens. Ali exits, Bryan right behind him. Becaus the walls are curved, Bryan has no field of vision. No so has Bryan stepped out, then two blackjacks from both side of the curved wall come crashing down on his head.
119) 0) text: Bryan's vision clears. He finds himself in a tool shop, handcuffed to an overhead pipe, facing four Security men and...
119) 4) dialog: The last girl. I'm her father. This causes some disquiet among the men.
119) 6) dialog: Give her to me.
119) 8) dialog: T'll pay.
120) 6) dialog: Where is she?
120) 9) dialog: To you it was all business. To me it was all personal. He pumps the entire clip of bullets into St. Clair. Press the lift button. The doors close. The lift rises.
123) 0) text: Bryan veers off, avoiding hitting the people scurrying ar The Security draw guns, try to get a bead on him, but Bry jerks the car to the left, without taking his foot off th accelerator, sending the car crashing through a high hedg 96.
124) 0) text: Bryan races the car through the formal gardens of the man destroying a large fountain, tearing up the plantings, obliterating several benches and a glass gazebo, smashing through the wall surrounding the whole estate, before he careens onto the road.
125) 0) text: Bryan emerges onto the top of the Avenue, sees in the distance, on the river below, a grand boat, built in the Twenties, made all of wood and gleaming chrome, lit up, w several cars approaching. Bryan hits the accelerator, takes a road to the lower qua
128) 0) text: Bryan races down the road until he comes to a bridge ahea of the boat. He brakes hard, gets out, and starts running to the center of the bridge. He perches right at the rail, waiting for the boat to com closer. On the quai road, the sound of police sirens and the sigh of flashing lights heading right towards him draws Bryan' attention for a moment.
130) 0) text: Bryan watches the boat passing underneath the bridge some thirty fee below. He takes a breath, jumps.
132) 0) text: Bryan has hit the deck hard, injuring his ankle. Taking a moment to collect himself, he looks up to see three crewm running towards him, two have clubs, the third a shovel. Bryan manages to find his feet just as they attack. The first man swings his club. Bryan disarms him, crippli him with a blow to the throat. He raises the club just as the shovel comes crashing down, blocking the sharp edge o it and driving the club into the man's jaw in one swift m 98. The third man catches him with the club across the back. Bryan buckles a bit from the blow. The man is about to la another, when Bryan kicks out from the floor, shattering man's knee. The man goes down, screaming in pain. Bryan puts him out his misery with a reverse elbow strike to the face.
134) 0) text: Bryan makes his way along the deck, favoring his injured ankle, when suddenly a door opens behind him and two men rush out, one with an ax, the other with a machete. Bryan grabs the only weapon available: the oar from a lif boat. Bryan battles both men, skillfully using the oar to defle the blows from the ax and the machete, spinning, feinting blocking, striking, until the man with the machete snaps Oar in two with one downward cut. Just then the man with the ax swings at Bryan. Bryan bloc the blow with one end of the oar, jams the jagged other e into his chest. In one swift circular move, Bryan grabs t ax, Spins, and buries the blade into the chest of the mac wielder. Bryan hears a noise behind him, turns just as two more me emerge, firing guns. Bryan pulls the man he just axed in Front of him. The bullets riddle his body. Bryan spins with the corpse, grabbing the machete, swingi down at the shooter's hands. Chops one man's hand clean off. Severs the second shooter's throat. 99. Another man emerges from the cabin, spraying with an automatic. Bryan pushes the corpse into him, clambers up and over the cabin roof.
135) 0) text: Bryan lands in the interior corridor, just as two more me come around the corner, with automatic weapons. They fire. Bryan yanks open a door, which takes the barra of bullets. When the smoke clears, there is no movement from behind t door. The men rush the door, swing it open. There is no one there. | The men run forward, turn the corner, right into two grap hooks, that embed in their chests. Each hook held in one Bryan's hands. Bryan sees a door at the far end of the corridor, grabs o of the automatic weapons from the men he just dispatched, heads towards the door as fast as his bum ankle will carr him. Suddenly from outside on the deck, gunfire shatters the windows, rakes the corridor, tearing the wooden walls. Bryan runs, returns the fire through the windows as he go One man outside falls, another falls. Then Bryan takes a bullet in the arm, loses his weapon as he hits the floor. 100. Bryan struggles up, his arm bleeding, pulls himself up on the shredded wood of the wall, when Ali drops down the st pistol in hand.
135) 2) dialog: Party's over. Rahman raises his pistol. Not as fast as Bryan. Bryan dri one shot right through Rahman's forehead. Rahman falls to the floor, dead. Bryan steps into the room, sees Kim on the bed. She looks at him with glazed, drugged eyes. He goes to her.
135) 3) dialog: Kim. She looks up at him, uncomprehending at first, then...
135) 7) dialog: I told you I would. He holds her close.
136) 0) text: The doors to Customs open. Kim emerges, runs into the arms of Lenore. Stuart stands close. Bryan emerges from Customs a moment later, arm in sling, leaning on a cane, favoring his ankle, face bruise and cut, slow to heal.
136) 3) dialog: IT have what I need. Referring to Kim.
136) 9) dialog: Honey. It's OK. You don't have to.