0) 0) text: Bryan at 48, looking years younger, in good shape, wakes suddenly from where he had dozed off on his couch in his small non descript, generically furnished, anonymous two bedroom apartment. The instruction manual for a Karaoke machine he was reading falls to the floor. We realize that this was not a home movie, but a dream. Bryan takes a moment to clear his head, looks around at h anonymous surroundings, his eyes focus on a picture of a year old girl on a horse in full dressage, Kim, his daugh grown up. He breathes out heavily, his heart hollow. He picks up the manual from the floor, looks at it. All is not right in his world. It shows in his eyes.
6) 0) text: Bryan enters to a scene out of Homes of the Rich and Famo complete with the adult cast of characters. Beyond, through the French doors, in the vast grounds tha stretch to the ocean, a no-expense-spared party is in ful swing. An endless buffet attended by a dozen wait staff i set up under an expansive tent. On a dance floor laid ove the lawn, teenagers hold sway, dancing, flirting, junior versions of their parents. Off to the side, people line up to leave their gifts, whi are neatly organized into a small mountain by a maid. Bryan ignores the line when he sees KIM in the back yard. Not the twelve year old in the picture on his desk, but a young woman of seventeen. Tall, beautiful, full of life. golden girl, who carries privilege easily, surrounded by Friends, amidst a swirl of waiters, and photographers, videographers.
26) 0) text: Bryan, and Lenore are waving goodbye as their daughter an Amanda pick up their knap sacks on the other side of the ray machines. The girls wave goodbye, with their barely containable excitement sparkling in their eyes. Bryan stands off to the side, a forced smile on his face. Waves to Kim, hold his hand up to his ear like a phone. K smiles, nods, waves, mouths an "JT love you". Bryan snaps a picture of Kim and Amanda mugging with his disposable camera. And then they run off down the concourse. Free. The last thing Bryan sees as Kim disappears in the crowd, the back of her jacket and the word in glistening sequins DOLLFACE. 29.
49) 0) text: The room of a rich girl, filled with all the accouterment Bryan begins a thorough search. Bryan finds a picture of himself and five year old Kim bu in a drawer. Pauses for a moment.
59) 0) text: Peter stands by the magazine kiosk, just outside customs. He looks over to a big BLACK GUY standing near the Custom exit. The Black Guy nods to a cute blond girl in her late teens exiting from customs with a back pack and a Swiss flag on it, heading for the exit. 49.
60) 0) text: The blond girl is waiting on the taxi line when...
60) 2) dialog: Ingrid.
60) 7) dialog: sure. Peter holds the door of a taxi open for the girl, smiling flirting. The girl is about to get in, when...
78) 0) text: Bryan enters the trailer, and what he sees is: a long ais with five cubicles on either side. Long wires with blanke hanging from them afford dubious privacy to each cubicle. Numbers are pinned to each blanket. 63. Bryan looks at his number. Finds the corresponding blanke goes behind it. What he finds is a young girl, laying ona cot with soiled sheets, drugged up, dulled, wearing nothi but an unbuttoned blouse. Half a dozen discarded small to fill a small cardboard box in the corner. Next to the bed Bryan's eyes go to a bucket, with a half dozen used condo in it. The girl looks up at Bryan, holds a condom up ina lazy, indifferent hand, and mechanically spreads her legs. Brya Fights back his revulsion, retreats. Back out in the corridor, Bryan collects himself, uses al his will power to keep from throwing up, remembers why he there, goes to the next blanket, pulls it aside, sees... Another girl laying on a cot, naked, with dull drugged ey and a man just unbuttoning his pants.
78) 3) text: Bryan lifts the jean jacket to the girl's unfocused eyes.
78) 6) dialog: (garbled) I am good...
78) 9) dialog: I am good... Suddenly, the blanket is ripped aside, and the Huge Alban is standing there. Before he can say a word, Bryan has la out with a kick that sends him staggering back. The Albanian falls back, crashes into the blankets on the other side of the corridor, grasps onto the wire holding blankets, pulls down the whole row. The men behind the blankets start to yell. The naked girl begin to stir from their dazed states. Bryan gets the girl up, grabs her discarded clothes. The Albanian rises from the floor, draws a gun from his jacket, is about to fire, when Bryan takes the bed sheet whips it toward his hand. The gun flies from his hand. Men leap from the cubicles, pulling on their clothes, run for the exit. The girls rise and stagger about, lost, sto The Albanian charges Bryan. Bryan side steps and with thr lethal moves puts the man out for good. He then turns bac to the girl, lifts her from the bed |
78) 10) dialog: I am good... 65.
80) 0) text: Bryan runs back for the girl, who has now gone unconsciou He lifts her in his arms, heads for the exit.
81) 0) text: Workers are running off into the night, half a dozen ston women are wandering about. Bryan hustles the girl out, and into the back seat of an SUV. He lays her down, straps her in with both sets of se belts, is about to hop in the front seat, when he sees a of gasoline by the side of a shed. Bryan tears the sleeve off his construction outfit, stuff it into the top of the can, lights the make shift fuse, t a running start and flings the can with all his might. Th can sails through the air, rag/fuse leaving a flaming tra behind. The can hits the trailer, explodes. The security men, the gathered construction workers, even some of the stoned girls, jump as the entire trailer goes in flames. A REAL ATTENTION GETTER THAT. Bryan is about to get into the SUV, when a shot shatters Side window. He looks up to four very banged up construct Site SUV's's, led by Anton's unblemished one, racing towa him. | 66. Anton hangs out the window, fires his gun at Bryan. Who jumps into the SUV, takes off.
82) 0) text: The banged up SUV's push past Anton's , training their headlights on Bryan's vehicle. Anton's SUV veers off, out of sight. Bryan races across the muddied rutted terrain, with the S racing after him like a pack of predatory jackals. One of the SUV's shoots past the others, comes right up on Bryan rear, Bryan looks in his rear view mirror, sees the man in the pulling a gun, Bryan turns the wheel sharply, heads down an impossibly s grade, spewing gravel and mud. The SUV jumps off the grade, follows. Bryan's car veers sideways as he struggles to control the wheel. The SUV gains on him. Bryan sees the grade bottomi out, spins the wheel so the car is straight. As he hits t bottom, he hits the brakes hard. Stops abruptly. The SUV so close, does not anticipate. Smashes right into the rea of Bryan's car. The driver flies right through his windshield, shattering both the window and his face. Bryan guns the SUV, takes off again because the other two SUV's have come around the side of the grade and are clos fast. Bryan looks ahead, sees up above on a plateau, four Massive earth movers pushing tons of dirt and rock down i a depression. Bryan races right towards the landslide about to happen. The SUV's race to catch him. Bryan keeps watching the movement up above. Slows down ju enough for the SUV's to come closer, maneuvers right unde the landslide of earth coming down. The dirt starts to hit his windshield, making visibility precarious. He slows even more. Checks the SUV's in the mirror, sees the men on them pulling their guns, not look up, just intent on their prey. And then, just as the SUV's have Bryan in range, a rumbli distracts them and they see a landslide of earth coming d Bryan guns his SUV, rockets just ahead of the massive sli driving blind in the cascading debris and dirt. The SUV's, caught in the middle of the slide, unprotected glass and steel, are doomed. 67. The first earth hits them, blinds them, and then buries t Bryan drives blind, but manages to come out the other sid of the slide. Only to see, right in front of him, bearing down, Anton i his SUV, leaning out his window, firing his gun. Bryan's windshield takes two hits; Anton's SUV shows no s of slowing. To avoid the head on collision, Bryan veers o to the left. Anton skids hard, follows. Bryan races into a series of cranes lifting large steel b Anton follows him. Spinning his wheel around the giant cranes and their swin loads, Bryan kicks up mud and gravel, splattering Anton's windshield, making it hard for him to see. Bryan sees a load of steel beams being lifted off the gro swinging left to right. He cuts hard around them. Tips them with his front fender. The beams spin around fast. Anton, barely able to see through the debris and mud splattering on his windshield, does not see the beam end that crashes through his windshield, until it is too late It crushes his chest. Bryan looks back, sees the beam jammed through Anton's windshield, looks over at the back seat at the unconsciou girl. Sirens are sounding in the distance. Bryan looks up and sees the flashing lights of police cars approaching. He drives off in the opposite direction.
85) 0) text: Bryan looks over at the girl sleeping in the back seat. H eyes fix on the DOLLFACE jacket covering her. 68.
86) 0) text: On a quiet, deserted street, the SUV is parked next toa smaller car. Bryan is at the door of the smaller car, jimmies the lock Returns to the SUV, picks the girl up off the seat, depos her in the smaller car. Bryan hot wires the car, drives off, disappears at the en of the street.
88) 1) text: Bryan gerry rigs an intravenous unit up. Crushes the various meds he bought to powder. Concocts a solution. Inserts the IV needle into the girl's arm.
88) 2) text: As the intravenous drips into the unconscious girl's body Bryan takes Kim's jacket, brushes it off, removes some gr from it, hangs it up, smoothing it out. Lingers over the touch of the material in his hand.
96) 0) text: The girl wakes slowly, groggy. She looks up at the intravenous. Looks at a very sleep deprived Bryan who is copying something onto a piece of paper from the dictiona he got from Gregor. He sticks the paper in his pocket. Th girl reaches up for the intravenous needle, weakly.
96) 4) dialog: (accented, still drugged) The boy was very nice. Said come to a party.
96) 6) dialog: IT was cold. She give it to me. The girl starts to cry, quietly.
96) 7) dialog: I am good. I am good.
96) 9) dialog: The house.
96) 11) dialog: With the red door. 73.
96) 13) dialog: He said it was a party...
96) 15) dialog: I am good girl...
96) 18) dialog: First the shot, then the man.
96) 20) dialog: Over and over. She begins to cry.
96) 21) dialog: I am good girl... Bryan is shaken to his very core. He wipes the girl's tea
96) 29) dialog: Paradise...
105) 0) text: Cautiously, Bryan comes to a line of closed doors. His ne keening, he moves forward to the first door. He opens it slowly. Finds a half naked woman, out of it on drugs, handcuffed to a bed. He opens another door. Finds another girl in the same condition. His stomach knotting, he opens a third door. In the dim light, Bryan cannot make out the face. The woman bears a Similarity to Kim, Bryan hurries over to her, turns her head into the light. It is not Kim. Bryan rushes out.
117) 0) text: Ali, the sophisticated Middle Easterner Bryan saw at the entrance to the mansion, sits ina comfortable club chair, in a tastefully appointed room, facing a floor to ceiling window that looks out on a stage where a naked girl of ab nineteen dances, gyrating listlessly, while a man behind watches.
126) 0) text: Ali and his bodyguards bring Kim and two other drugged ou girls onto the boat. More bodyguards greet them on deck.
131) 0) text: Ali watches as two Arabic women are dressing Kim and the other spaced out girls in very chic, but very revealing g
133) 0) text: Ali moves through the corridor, the three dazed girls bei hustled along by two other men, when he sees, through the narrow window above him, a man hitting the deck, blood spurting from his mouth.