72) 0) text: Cars with men behind the wheels cruise the dimly lit stre as hookers ply their trade. The whole area has an edgy, dangerous feel to it. A man, GREGOR, in his mid forties, struggling to maintain whatever shards of dignity he has salvaged from a life interrupted, in a proper, if worn suit, carrying a briefc stands on a street corner, looking very ill at ease in th ominous surroundings. A car approaches, the window rolls down. :
72) 2) text: (relieved) Yes. Yes. I am Gregor.
73) 0) text: Gregor hands Bryan a sheet of paper.
73) 1) dialog: Here is my resume. The employment agency said we would be doing translation.
73) 3) dialog: Albanian, Serbian, Croatian. Macedonian, although it is very close to Albanian. I was a teacher of language in Pristina before the war began, so naturally...
73) 5) dialog: My rate? Usually it is twenty five an hour for the first three hours and then... Bryan hands him a handful of bills. 56.
73) 7) dialog: Uh, Mr. Smith. I do not understand. What is the job?
74) 27) text: Gregor in the car. Watching the little drama, not understanding what is going on.
75) 0) text: Bryan re enters the car to a shaken Gregor.
75) 1) dialog: Mr. Smith. I do not know what kind of job I am supposed to do for you but...
75) 3) dialog: Yes. But translate what? Bryan switches the device on. Voices start coming out.
75) 6) dialog: They are talking about you.
75) 8) dialog: They are saying not nice things. 60.
75) 10) dialog: They are saying, excuse me, what an asshole you are. (beat) Please if you can explain why we are doing...
75) 12) dialog: One of them says the sausage gave him heartburn... Bryan closes his eyes, no sleep in twenty four hours is starting to catch up with him.
75) 14) dialog: The other is suggesting something his grandmother used to give him for the same thing. (beat) Do you really want to hear all this?
75) 16) dialog: Now they are talking football. You are American?
75) 18) dialog: It is different from what we call football here. We play with the foot.
75) 20) dialog: Still about football. They are talking about the game between Lazio and Marseilles. They lost money on the betting. (MORE)
75) 22) dialog: Now they are talking about someone they know who made fifty thousand on one game and then lost it. Perhaps if I knew what the purpose was...
75) 24) dialog: One is on the phone. He has to go to a job at the Freeway. Something about the fresh merchandise giving problems. Bryan's eyes open, suddenly engaged.
75) 25) dialog: I don't understand any of this. Bryan sees Anton's SUV pulling out down the street.
76) 0) text: Gregor watches as Bryan speeds away. POV someone else also watching both Bryan and Gregor.
96) 0) text: The girl wakes slowly, groggy. She looks up at the intravenous. Looks at a very sleep deprived Bryan who is copying something onto a piece of paper from the dictiona he got from Gregor. He sticks the paper in his pocket. Th girl reaches up for the intravenous needle, weakly.