0) 0) text: Bryan at 48, looking years younger, in good shape, wakes suddenly from where he had dozed off on his couch in his small non descript, generically furnished, anonymous two bedroom apartment. The instruction manual for a Karaoke machine he was reading falls to the floor. We realize that this was not a home movie, but a dream. Bryan takes a moment to clear his head, looks around at h anonymous surroundings, his eyes focus on a picture of a year old girl on a horse in full dressage, Kim, his daugh grown up. He breathes out heavily, his heart hollow. He picks up the manual from the floor, looks at it. All is not right in his world. It shows in his eyes.
6) 0) text: Bryan enters to a scene out of Homes of the Rich and Famo complete with the adult cast of characters. Beyond, through the French doors, in the vast grounds tha stretch to the ocean, a no-expense-spared party is in ful swing. An endless buffet attended by a dozen wait staff i set up under an expansive tent. On a dance floor laid ove the lawn, teenagers hold sway, dancing, flirting, junior versions of their parents. Off to the side, people line up to leave their gifts, whi are neatly organized into a small mountain by a maid. Bryan ignores the line when he sees KIM in the back yard. Not the twelve year old in the picture on his desk, but a young woman of seventeen. Tall, beautiful, full of life. golden girl, who carries privilege easily, surrounded by Friends, amidst a swirl of waiters, and photographers, videographers.
7) 16) dialog: Hi... He turns to his daughter.
7) 18) dialog: Thanks! She hugs him.
7) 23) dialog: Cool.
7) 28) dialog: Thank you Daddy. She hugs him. And whispers in his ear.
7) 29) dialog: I still want to be a singer. Just don't tell Mom. A bit redeemed, Bryan takes out a disposable camera.
7) 32) text: Big smile. Kim stands next to the machine, flashes a 24 karat smile. And just as Bryan snaps the picture, a commotion from the far side of the property draws her attention to... STUART JAMES, rich, polished, impeccably dressed and coif cantering a magnificent specimen of a horse through the g The crowd parts, and then, follows the horse and rider as they head right for an astonished Kim, a delighted Lenore chagrined Bryan. Stuart pulls on the reins and comes to an abrupt halt rig in front of Kim, Lenore and Bryan. He leaps off the horse hands the reins to Kim.
7) 34) dialog: Oh my god! Oh my god! She throws her arms around his neck, peppers him with mad kisses.
7) 35) dialog: I love you! I love you! Bryan winces involuntarily, each word, each kiss a small nick on his heart.
9) 1) text: The picture of Kim with the karaoke machine. A photo albu cover marked HAPPY BIRTHDAY KIM.
22) 1) dialog: Hi! But his smile dies as he also sees... 20.
22) 6) dialog: I asked Mom to come. As they take their seats, Kim just bubbles with excitemen
22) 7) dialog: Guess what? You know my £riend Amanda? Her cousins invited us to stay with them over vacation. (beat) In Paris. How cool is that? Bryan is less than thrilled to hear this.
22) 9) dialog: Dad! Hello? The Louvre, the Impressionist museum. The Picasso Museum?
22) 11) dialog: Are you kidding? I've been to the MoMA, like, a hundred times. Amanda went last summer and she came home she could practically speak French! Now Bryan gets the reason for the lunch. He deflates a bi
22) 13) dialog: Please Daddy. I really want to do it! They have this, like, sick apartment overlooking the river.
22) 15) dialog: And her cousins!
22) 19) dialog: Daddy!
22) 21) dialog: It's not Iraq!
22) 23) dialog: Daddy please!
22) 25) dialog: I won't be alone!
22) 27) dialog: Amanda's eighteen! Bryan considers for a moment. a2.
22) 35) dialog: I don't want anything else! Kim runs off.
23) 0) text: The door is opened by a puffy eyed Kim. She looks at Brya suspicious, sees the paper in his hand.
23) 3) dialog: 
23) 6) dialog: 
23) 10) dialog: 
23) 14) dialog: 
23) 16) dialog: Thank you! Thank you! I'm gonna go call Amanda! She runs off. A second later she is back. Hugs Bryan agai
23) 17) dialog: I love you Daddy!!! Off she goes, passing Lenore, who has just come to the do
23) 18) dialog: He signed it! Waves the paper in front of Lenore, bolts off; Leaving Br and Lenore looking at each other.
24) 0) text: Bryan and Kim on the way to the airport. Kim is wearing a jean jacket with a heart of red sequins embroidered on th Front.
24) 2) dialog: Daddy, we're going to be spending, like, ninety percent of our time in museums. You don't have to worry. 25.
24) 4) dialog: Mom says your job made you paranoid.
24) 6) dialog: I always used to ask mom what your job was that you were away all the time. She would tell me to ask you. But when ever I saw you I was afraid to ask.
24) 8) dialog: I don't know, Maybe because I was afraid to find out. That it was something I wouldn't like.
24) 10) dialog: You were, like, a spy, right?
24) 12) dialog: What did you prevent?
24) 14) dialog: So that was a good job.
24) 16) dialog: Do you miss it?
25) 0) text: Bryan is lifting her suitcase out of the trunk, when Kim sees...
25) 1) dialog: There's Amanda! A pretty blonde girl waves to her from inside the termina
26) 0) text: Bryan, and Lenore are waving goodbye as their daughter an Amanda pick up their knap sacks on the other side of the ray machines. The girls wave goodbye, with their barely containable excitement sparkling in their eyes. Bryan stands off to the side, a forced smile on his face. Waves to Kim, hold his hand up to his ear like a phone. K smiles, nods, waves, mouths an "JT love you". Bryan snaps a picture of Kim and Amanda mugging with his disposable camera. And then they run off down the concourse. Free. The last thing Bryan sees as Kim disappears in the crowd, the back of her jacket and the word in glistening sequins DOLLFACE. 29.
28) 0) text: Bustling with arrivals off flights from all over the worl Amanda and Kim come rushing out of customs, laughing, delighted to be free and in Paris. They burst through the doors to...
29) 0) text: Kim and Amanda wait on line for a cab. Using her cell pho Kim is snapping a picture of Amanda pointing to a sign overhead that says TAXIS.
29) 4) dialog: Top button. She and Amanda mug under the sign. Peter clicks one.
29) 11) dialog: (a bit shy) Hi.
30) 0) text: Bryan is looking at pictures the clerk just handed him of Kim at the airport, while he listens to his cell phone. A voice prompt comes on.
31) 0) text: Peter helps Amanda and Kim carry their luggage to the fro door of the very fashionable apartment building.
31) 3) dialog: (nervous) I didn't know that.
31) 8) dialog: You too. Peter goes to walk away. Then turns.
31) 12) dialog: (whispered, nervous) Amanda. We don't even know him! 32.
32) 0) text: Kim and Amanda enter an amazing full floor apartment, a m of contemporary art and antique furnishings spreading out room after room,
32) 2) dialog: I wish you would have told me they weren't going to be here.
32) 4) dialog: I told my father they were here. 33.
32) 7) dialog: Who?
32) 9) dialog: You just met him!
32) 11) dialog: No thank you.
34) 0) text: The music is blasting, Amanda is dancing all around the apartment, singing at the top of her lungs. Kim shouts.
34) 1) dialog: Where's the bathroom? 34.
34) 3) dialog: I have to pee! Amanda points down the hall.
36) 1) text: On Kim's hand bag, sitting along with her luggage in the hall. Her cell rings and rings, cannot be heard over the blasting music.
41) 0) text: Kim finishes peeing, flushes. Exits. 35.
42) 0) text: Kim exits, hears her phone ringing. She knows who it is. Answers with a knot in her stomach.
42) 1) dialog: Hi Daddy.
42) 5) dialog: Sorry. Bryan takes a deep breath, pulls back.
42) 7) dialog: It was such a rush at the airport...
42) 9) dialog: I...1I don't have it.
42) 11) dialog: Daddy... It all comes tumbling out.
42) 12) dialog: They went to Spain. I didn't know, I swear... Bryan takes a deep breath, trying to be reasonable, hatin not being in control. Hating the sound of a situation tha to him, is going downhill fast. 36.
43) 0) text: Kim stands with the phone to her ear, fear etched on her face, in her eyes, as she stares through a window, across courtyard, into the other side of the apartment...
45) 0) text: When Kim does respond, it is in a choked, terrified whisp
45) 1) dialog: There's someone here! As she stares across the courtyard at three men crossing hallway heading for an oblivious Amanda dancing up a stor in the salon.
45) 4) dialog: (shocked) No! Oh my god! As she sees Amanda being grabbed by the men.
45) 5) dialog: They got Amanda! (terrified) Daddy!!! Bryan's worst nightmare quickly coming true.
45) 7) dialog: T'm sorry I lied to you Daddy!
45) 11) dialog: No. Bryan opens the case. It contains all manner of things: A gun, several electronic devices, cash, multiple passports
45) 13) dialog: No. Begins to lose it, begins to cry, stifles the tears. Recomposes.
45) 14) dialog: Yes. Peter.
45) 16) dialog: I don't know.
45) 18) dialog: No.
45) 20) dialog: Yes. He took a cab with us. Bryan grimaces, knows a set up when he hears it. He extra an electronic device from the case, attaches it to the ph Switches it on. It amplifies Kim's voice, and all the sou around her. Kim watches the window, as the men drag Amanda away.
45) 21) dialog: Daddy! They took her! They took her! 38. She starts to lose it, starts to cry. Bryan's apartment i now filled with the sounds from the apartment in Paris.
45) 23) dialog: Three. Four. I don't know.
45) 25) dialog: Bedroom. She begins to sob. The music is blasting. Kim sees three men cross one of the windows in the connecting hall, head towards her. Opening doors along the way, searching.
45) 26) dialog: They're coming!
45) 28) dialog: T'm here,
45) 30) dialog: Oh god... Kim stifles a terrified cry.
45) 34) dialog: (whispered) They're leaving... Bryan listens closely. Kim begins to relax.
45) 35) dialog: (whispered) I think they're... And then a set of hands grab her legs, violently. She screams.
45) 36) dialog: DADDYYYYYYY!! ir!
46) 0) text: Kim's scream reverberates through the room, shaking the w shocks Bryan. And even though it reaches into his very co he does not move. He calls on all his experience to stay focused on the task. He listens to his daughter struggle. And shout out... KIM V.O. Mustache. Six feet. (MORE)
46) 2) dialog: Tattoo on right hand. Moon and star...DADDDYYYY!!!! DADDDYYY!!!!! The sound of glass shattering. And then her voice is silenced. Bryan still does not move, sits very still, listening...
46) 3) text: A hand takes Kim's phone from under the bed.
49) 0) text: The room of a rich girl, filled with all the accouterment Bryan begins a thorough search. Bryan finds a picture of himself and five year old Kim bu in a drawer. Pauses for a moment.
50) 0) text: Bryan is the only passenger, he sits with the recording device, listening to the recorded conversation with Kim. Hears...
50) 1) dialog: Mustache...tattoo...moon and star... Hears her screams. Fast forwards. Hears himself...
58) 0) text: Bryan is looking at the screen of the machine. He sees: pictures of Amanda and Kim vamping and mugging in the LA airport, on the plane, in the Paris Airport. Each picture is of one or the other. Except the last one, where they are both mugging for the camera on the taxi li Bryan starts to manipulate the framing of the picture unt he catches a glimpse of a reflection in a security mirror the person taking the picture. Bryan keeps manipulating the frame, discovering more and more of the reflection, until a face appears, fuzzy, out focus. Bryan keeps pushing buttons, until the entire reflection the person taking the picture comes clear: Peter.
88) 2) text: As the intravenous drips into the unconscious girl's body Bryan takes Kim's jacket, brushes it off, removes some gr from it, hangs it up, smoothing it out. Lingers over the touch of the material in his hand.
105) 0) text: Cautiously, Bryan comes to a line of closed doors. His ne keening, he moves forward to the first door. He opens it slowly. Finds a half naked woman, out of it on drugs, handcuffed to a bed. He opens another door. Finds another girl in the same condition. His stomach knotting, he opens a third door. In the dim light, Bryan cannot make out the face. The woman bears a Similarity to Kim, Bryan hurries over to her, turns her head into the light. It is not Kim. Bryan rushes out.
105) 1) text: Bryan knocks down door after door, finding naked, drugged bound women in various states of ravaged. None of them is Kim. B81. Bryan kicks down one last door, and finds...
105) 3) text: Kim's picture.
126) 0) text: Ali and his bodyguards bring Kim and two other drugged ou girls onto the boat. More bodyguards greet them on deck.
131) 0) text: Ali watches as two Arabic women are dressing Kim and the other spaced out girls in very chic, but very revealing g
135) 4) dialog: Daddy... Her eyes light with recognition.
135) 5) dialog: You came for me. She starts to cry.
135) 6) dialog: You came for me. She wraps her arms around him, sobs. 101.
136) 0) text: The doors to Customs open. Kim emerges, runs into the arms of Lenore. Stuart stands close. Bryan emerges from Customs a moment later, arm in sling, leaning on a cane, favoring his ankle, face bruise and cut, slow to heal.
136) 7) dialog: Mom... Lenore stops.
136) 8) dialog: If it's OK with you, I think I'm going to spend the night at Dad's. Lenore is stunned. But not as stunned as... 102.
136) 10) dialog: I know I don't have to. (beat) I want to. A small smile breaks across Bryan's lips, nothing in comparison to the one that fills his heart. Kim puts her arm through his. They walk off, arm in arm. As Lenore and Stuart watch them exit into the bright California day. 3-28-06