4) 7) text: (disappointed) Oh. Listen, I know the invitation calls for two, but I was going to ask if I could come over at one. LENORE V.O. You know, for a person who is such a stickler for details, you would think you'd read the invitation a little more closely. Two for her friends. Three for the adults.
7) 6) dialog: It's alright Cyril. The Security backs off as LENORE, the woman in the home video/dream, older, but still beautiful, dressed rich/cas the mistress of the exquisitely appointed mansion, appear
7) 7) dialog: (cool) Hello Bryan.
7) 10) dialog: We're letting the kids have their Own space. You can put it with all the others. She points to the pile of presents inside.
7) 12) dialog: Still having trouble following the rules, I see.
7) 14) dialog: I've asked you not to call me that please.
7) 21) dialog: Sweetie, I think it's bad manners to open one and not...
7) 25) dialog: (bemused) A karaoke machine? The diminishing tone in her voice stings.
7) 27) dialog: When she was twelve Bryan. We've moved on. Bemusement mixes with a barely contained disdain.
7) 31) dialog: We have a professional photographer. Bryan ignores Lenore's roll of the eyes.
7) 32) text: Big smile. Kim stands next to the machine, flashes a 24 karat smile. And just as Bryan snaps the picture, a commotion from the far side of the property draws her attention to... STUART JAMES, rich, polished, impeccably dressed and coif cantering a magnificent specimen of a horse through the g The crowd parts, and then, follows the horse and rider as they head right for an astonished Kim, a delighted Lenore chagrined Bryan. Stuart pulls on the reins and comes to an abrupt halt rig in front of Kim, Lenore and Bryan. He leaps off the horse hands the reins to Kim.
7) 37) dialog: Stuart, you are impossible.
7) 45) dialog: Darling, now that you've made your grand entrance, come mingle.
22) 2) dialog: Hello Bryan.
22) 4) dialog: Don't look so excited.
22) 16) dialog: Don't make a big deal out of this Bryan. Just sign the paper. She puts the paper out for him, with a pen. He does not move.
22) 17) dialog: What?
22) 30) dialog: As you have so amply demonstrated for most of her life. The bite in her words makes him tighten even more.
22) 31) dialog: Just sign the god damn paper Bryan. Bryan looks from Lenore, to Kim, to the paper, and back t Kim again.
22) 33) dialog: That's a no. (to Kim) I knew this was a waste of time. (to Bryan) I told her. Kim bolts up.
22) 36) dialog: You know, I don't get you. You sacrificed our marriage in the service of the country. You made a mess of your life in the service of your country. Can't you sacrifice a little this one time for your own daughter?
22) 38) dialog: Then what is your problem. 23.
22) 40) dialog: Putting your daughter at risk? By going to Paris? You're pathetic. She follows Kim out. Bryan is left looking at the paper, and the Diva's card i his hand.
23) 19) dialog: Wouldn't it have been easier just to sign the first time around?
25) 4) dialog: Give Mr. Mills a hand.
25) 9) dialog: I know.
25) 11) dialog: No Bryan, what's bullshit is she can't be honest with you because of your bullshit.
25) 13) dialog: The rules and conditions...
25) 15) dialog: It's U2's European tour dates.
25) 17) dialog: All the kids do. Stuart got her the tickets, we've arranged for her to stay in good hotels.
25) 20) dialog: And neither will she unless she goes out and experiences it. And don't you tell me I do not know what the world is like. For five years I would wait for a phone call that didn't come for weeks at a time. (MORE)
25) 22) dialog: For a knock on the door telling me there would be no calls anymore. I became an expert on foreign affairs. I read the paper every day Bryan. Beirut, Teheran, Bogota. Damascus. Looking for a hint, a glimmer of light behind that curtain you pulled over what you did.
25) 24) dialog: From what? Worrying? You think not knowing made me worry less? You think being shut out of your life protected me? She catches herself, checks her anger, takes a breath.
25) 25) dialog: I know we have our issues. But I'm going to give you a piece of advice. You moved here to try and build some sort of relationship with your daughter. You're not going to do that by smothering her. Let her live or I promise you, you'll lose her. (beat) And for god's sake, don't ruin this For her. Lenore turns and enters the terminal, leaving Bryan to de with the bags and the information he cannot act on, leavi him frustrated, impotent.
26) 0) text: Bryan, and Lenore are waving goodbye as their daughter an Amanda pick up their knap sacks on the other side of the ray machines. The girls wave goodbye, with their barely containable excitement sparkling in their eyes. Bryan stands off to the side, a forced smile on his face. Waves to Kim, hold his hand up to his ear like a phone. K smiles, nods, waves, mouths an "JT love you". Bryan snaps a picture of Kim and Amanda mugging with his disposable camera. And then they run off down the concourse. Free. The last thing Bryan sees as Kim disappears in the crowd, the back of her jacket and the word in glistening sequins DOLLFACE. 29.
37) 0) text: The phone rings next to the bed. Lenore answers from a de sleep.
37) 1) dialog: Hello?
39) 1) dialog: Bryan, she's seventeen, she's in Paris. Give her some space. She'll call. Take a Xanax, have a drink. Good night. She hangs up.
48) 0) text: The door opens to Lenore and Stuart, both roused from sle Both very unnerved.
48) 2) dialog: Oh my god! Bryan keeps going. Lenore and Stuart follow.
48) 12) dialog: I want to know what happened!
48) 14) dialog: Oh my god! Bryan what are you going to...?
48) 16) dialog: That one. She points to a door. Bryan goes through to...
49) 8) dialog: I gave it to her. (beat) Just in case. (beat) She's still a virgin. Are you going to be able to save her?
49) 17) dialog: Hello Sam. Again a pause.
49) 22) dialog: Oh god!
136) 0) text: The doors to Customs open. Kim emerges, runs into the arms of Lenore. Stuart stands close. Bryan emerges from Customs a moment later, arm in sling, leaning on a cane, favoring his ankle, face bruise and cut, slow to heal.
136) 4) dialog: Bryan. She hugs him, awkward, but heartfelt.
136) 5) dialog: Thank you. The awkwardness persists. They separate.
136) 6) dialog: Come on darling. We're going to go home. lLuisa's preparing that chocolate souffle just the way you like it. We'll rent some films, cuddle up. Marc will come over tomorrow for your hair...