29) 1) dialog: Need some help? The girls turn to cute, shaggy haired, PETER, 22, knap sa slung over his shoulder, with the most charming Euro acce voice. He points to the cell phone.
29) 2) dialog: One with the two of you?
29) 5) dialog: One more. He clicks one more. Hands the phone back to Kim.
29) 6) dialog: Where are you from?
29) 8) dialog: (singing) I wish they all could be California girls... The girls giggle, instantly flirty and smitten.
29) 9) dialog: T'm Peter.
29) 12) dialog: Going into Paris?
29) 14) dialog: The taxis are so damn expensive here. Want to share?
31) 0) text: Peter helps Amanda and Kim carry their luggage to the fro door of the very fashionable apartment building.
31) 1) dialog: Nice address.
31) 5) dialog: You're living a dream. Nice life.
31) 7) dialog: Well, I have to be going. Nice to meet you.
31) 9) dialog: Hey... The girls are almost inside.
31) 10) dialog: There's a party tonight at school. Want to come?
31) 14) dialog: [I'll come pick you up around nine?
31) 17) dialog: What apartment?
31) 19) dialog: And the code? Amanda reads off the paper.
31) 22) dialog: 26432A. See you tonight.
31) 24) dialog: Twenty Rue de la Pompe. Fifth floor.
58) 0) text: Bryan is looking at the screen of the machine. He sees: pictures of Amanda and Kim vamping and mugging in the LA airport, on the plane, in the Paris Airport. Each picture is of one or the other. Except the last one, where they are both mugging for the camera on the taxi li Bryan starts to manipulate the framing of the picture unt he catches a glimpse of a reflection in a security mirror the person taking the picture. Bryan keeps manipulating the frame, discovering more and more of the reflection, until a face appears, fuzzy, out focus. Bryan keeps pushing buttons, until the entire reflection the person taking the picture comes clear: Peter.
58) 1) text: Peter, leafing through a magazine. A voice announces.
59) 0) text: Peter stands by the magazine kiosk, just outside customs. He looks over to a big BLACK GUY standing near the Custom exit. The Black Guy nods to a cute blond girl in her late teens exiting from customs with a back pack and a Swiss flag on it, heading for the exit. 49.
60) 1) dialog: Hi. I'm Peter.
60) 3) dialog: On holidays?
60) 5) dialog: Me too. As a cab pulls up.
60) 6) dialog: The cabs here are so damn expensive. Want to share?
61) 1) dialog: (struggling) Hey! What are you...? Bryan buries a sharp knuckle into his ribs, knocking the breath out of Peter, doubling him over. Bryan lifts his head.
61) 3) dialog: I don't...
61) 7) dialog: The two girls. Where are they? Suddenly, the door behind Bryan is yanked open and two la black hands drag him out by his legs.
62) 0) text: Bryan hits the pavement hard. Before he can get up, the b Black Guy pounds on him. Smashing him over and over. Passengers run, screaming. The Guy grabs Bryan, yanks him up like a sack of potatoes Except this sack of potatoes is a lethal weapon. Before t guy knows what has happened, Bryan has grabbed his wrists ripped them down, bashed his forehead into the Guy's nose double punched him in his exposed throat. The Guy falls, face gushing blood, hands grasping his thr unable to breathe. Bryan turns back to the cab, only to find the other passe door open and Peter gone. Bryan sees Peter running up the road, holding his damaged ribs.
63) 0) text: Peter runs, desperate to escape, his ribs on fire with ev breath. He looks over his shoulder, sees the taxi gaining on him. He cuts off onto a one way ramp with traffic streaming down towards Bryan.
64) 0) text: Through the windshield, Bryan sees Peter running up a ram that has nothing but cars coming at him. 51. Unable to negotiate the narrow ramp packed with oncoming traffic, Bryan leaps out of the cab, blocking the road, snarling traffic to a stand still.
65) 1) text: Peter. At the very top of the overpass. His breath coming in jagged bursts, the pain in his side increasing with ea step. He looks back, sees Bryan gaining on him. Almost on him. He is running out of room, out of breath. He looks down to a roadway below, where the traffic is very sparse He looks back at Bryan, closing fast. Looks down at the roadway. Makes a choice. Jumps. Lands. Bryan reaches the top of the overpass, looks down. Peter looks up at him, victorious, safe. And then gets SLAMMED by a truck that comes out of nowher at forty miles an hour.