9) 3) dialog: You forgot. Bryan stands there, chagrined. He did.
10) 0) text: On the cramped cement patio, Bryan is tending steaks on a small barbecue. While Sam preps some potatoes, Casey open the wine, and Bernie tosses the salad.
10) 1) dialog: It's not like I didn't call to remind you. LA? Third Saturday in May? Red meat, red wine? Sound familiar?
10) 4) dialog: So what does one do in retirement? Take naps? Play golf? Chase rich widows?
10) 11) dialog: She still has a hard on. 11.
10) 14) dialog: You dig deep enough, there's always shit.
10) 19) dialog: She spend the night yet?
10) 25) dialog: And we're scrambling to get the fuck outta Dodge before we get taken down. And where the fuck are you?
10) 27) dialog: That went down well at Langley when they found out you flew the coop to attend your kid's birthday...nine thousand miles away. Where did you say your next posting was? The Arctic circle spying on Penguins, I believe it was.
10) 30) dialog: We still got a space open, Bry. All you have to do is say the word, it's yours.
11) 0) text: Bryan is seeing his friends off. Sam stops at the door as the others walk to their car.
11) 1) dialog: Look, all kidding aside, we think it's a great thing what you're doing, trying to make up for lost time with your kid. But tomorrow's job? Right here. Twenty five hundred bucks for four hours work. Just for taking some pop diva to and from her concert. We're one short.
11) 3) dialog: I don't know if you could call her a singer exactly. More like a cash cow. Twenty million records. Gets as many death threats as marriage proposals.
11) 5) dialog: Really?
11) 7) dialog: Perfect. It'll be like old times.
14) 0) text: The two cars stop. The doors open and the DIVA, a golden tressed pop goddess, exits with her entourage, surrounded Bernie, Sam, Casey, and Bryan. The press corp, kept at a distance, pops their flashes. A handful fans scream her name. The Diva flashes her widest smile, waves to the fans.
14) 1) dialog: Ma'am if we can keep moving.
14) 3) dialog: Bernie, you and Casey are out here. I'll be up front. Bry, you're in the room. Bryan enters.
16) 0) text: With the muted sound of the concert beyond the door, Brya Sam, Casey and Bernie play cards.
18) 1) dialog: And...?
18) 5) dialog: Who left that door open? Just then the Diva appears. The mob sees her.
18) 7) dialog: OK. Let's get her out of here. Bry. Take the lead. More people come surging from the stage now.
20) 0) text: Sam is handing each man his cash. Hands the Waves the Just then head out,
20) 1) dialog: Casey...Bernie... cash to Bryan.
20) 2) dialog: Rambo...
20) 5) dialog: Next year she goes to college, right?
20) 7) dialog: You know you lose her.
49) 13) dialog: They're speaking Albanian. The accent comes from a district called Skopje. The man speaking, his name is Marko. The tattoo is a group ID. Sam pauses. 44.
49) 14) dialog: Are you by yourself?
49) 16) dialog: Hi Lennie.
49) 19) dialog: The specialty of the gangs coming out of there is trafficking in women. Lenore gasps.
49) 21) dialog: Their previous M.O. was to offer women from the emerging East European countries like Yugoslavia, Romania, Bulgaria jobs in the West. Maids, nannies. Once they smuggled them in, they'd addict them to drugs and turn them into prostitutes. Lately, they've found it is more economical to just kidnap young women traveling. Saves on transportation costs. Lenore lets out a strangled scream...
49) 24) dialog: Based on what they know about the way these groups operate, the analyst Said you probably have a ninety six hour window from the time she's grabbed...
49) 26) dialog: To never finding her. Hits Bryan like a thunderbolt.
105) 0) text: Cautiously, Bryan comes to a line of closed doors. His ne keening, he moves forward to the first door. He opens it slowly. Finds a half naked woman, out of it on drugs, handcuffed to a bed. He opens another door. Finds another girl in the same condition. His stomach knotting, he opens a third door. In the dim light, Bryan cannot make out the face. The woman bears a Similarity to Kim, Bryan hurries over to her, turns her head into the light. It is not Kim. Bryan rushes out.