4) 35) dialog: The autopsy found a tiny piece of plastic in the female victim's brain.
4) 40) dialog: (to the Technician) Sigy...
4) 47) dialog: I received a subpoena from your husband's lawyer for your work records, where you were, date and times for the past two years.
4) 49) dialog: Almost three quarters of your cases are current. I can't let that information go into open court. So until you settle your divorce, I'm going to have to put you on a desk.
4) 51) dialog: That's one of your big problems, Atwood, you don't know how to ask for help.
4) 53) dialog: You can't grow old as a woman without having at least one lousy man in your life.
4) 57) text: I was so stupid. While we were married, while I paid for him to live, the son of a bitch fucked every woman he could get his hands on. He fucked my friends, he even fucked a cousin of mine. Everyone knew but me, and they were laughing at me behind my back. He made me look like an idiot. I was a joke. CAPTAIN LISTER
4) 59) text: And what? CAPTAIN LISTER
4) 61) text: I made him an offer. I'm not going to give him one red cent more. CAPTAIN LISTER
4) 63) text: I couldn't live with myself if I did. CAPTAIN LISTER
4) 70) text: Yeah. CAPTAIN LISTER
4) 72) text: I can take care of myself. CAPTAIN LISTER
7) 4) dialog: We found the van in an underground lot about two miles from where they left you. It was stolen last night. Detective Snyder comes in and hands a packet of photograp to Atwood.
7) 9) dialog: Meeks and the Woman, none of the Attendants remember seeing them. As Detective Atwood begins to go through the pictures.
7) 11) dialog: His phone's been tapped since Meeks escaped. No contact that way so far and he's sure not going to talk to us.
7) 13) dialog: How's your divorce going?
7) 18) dialog: And your ego can handle that?
7) 20) dialog: Until Meeks is caught, Snyder is with you.
7) 24) text: Nothing personal, Snyder. (to Lister) He's not part of our team. CAPTAIN LISTER
7) 26) text: I didn't volunteer for this, Atwood. CAPTAIN LISTER
7) 28) text: I think I have all the pieces on the Thumbprint Killer, I'm just not looking at them the right way. CAPTAIN LISTER
7) 252) text: Captain Lister got us the search warrant for Meeks' Chiropractor. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
16) 66) dialog: Detective Atwood, meet FBI Agents Longnecker and Campbell, they're taking over your investigation.
16) 68) dialog: They won't allow me to keep that promise. Atwood glares at her then at the FBI Men.