3) 41) dialog: You looking for the lady Cop?
3) 43) dialog: She's here. She's been sitting in her car right over there for the last half hour.
4) 73) text: You're a good cop, Tracy, I don't want to lose you, but you have to help me if you want me to help you. INT. HALLWAY Ñ CRIME LAB Ñ AFTERNOON Atwood is waiting for an elevator. It arrives. The doors open. The car is empty. INT. ELEVATOR Ñ AFTERNOON Atwood gets in and presses the key for her destination, t slumps into a corner for the ride. The doors close. The elevator begins to move. All at once Atwood screams. Her pent-up anger and frustra rip the air and she goes nuts. She punches the wall of the elevator, kicks it, throws herself to the other side, bangs her head against that wa punches it, kicks it, all the while screaming. Then the tears come. The screams stop and she settles upr against the back wall, where she strikes her chest repeat with the flat of her closed hand. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
4) 116) text: (taking the card) I wish I could be of more help, but sorry. Watching him walk away amid the crinkle of his raincoat, Detective Atwood, maybe because of her woman's intuition maybe because she's a good cop, wonders what is in that manila envelope under his arm. The thought is gone almost as soon as it comes and she fa about to the next door. EXT. STREET Ñ NIGHT Hunched against the rain, Mr. Smith is acutely aware of t traffic. His eyes strain to see the Occupants of each pas car. He doesn't give a second thought to the older non- descript Toyota parked against the far curb. INT. TOYOTA Ñ NIGHT Mr. Brooks is in the driver's seat. Marshall is in the ba They're both tracking the progress of Mr. Smith. MR. BROOKS
5) 80) text: Why would a woman with her education and worth 60 plus million dollars and probably more to come, want to be a cop? MR. BROOKS
5) 87) text: That's exactly why Atwood scares the shit out of me. She's a cop who doesn't need the money and she's looking for us. That's one fucking dangerous human being. MR. BROOKS
7) 46) text: Remember that cop you like, Atwood, who's chasing us, she's the one who put him away. I think his name is Thorton Meeks. Mr. Brooks cocks his head at the vague outline of Meeks. MR. BROOKS
7) 149) text: Yeah. It'll take the Cops a week to ten days to put their case together and then they'll come back and arrest her. MARSHALL