3) 38) dialog: Where the fuck is Atwood?!
3) 39) dialog: I called ten minutes ago, they said she was on her way.
3) 40) dialog: She doesn't get here soon, these bodies won't even be dead anymore? A Uniformed Cop standing guard at the tape:
3) 42) dialog: Yeah.
3) 44) dialog: Oh, Christ. EXT. ATWOOD'S CAR Ñ AFTERNOON Special Detective TRACY ATWOOD, somewhere in her 30's, is behind the wheel. The door is open. By the expression on her face we might guess that Detecti Atwood has simply forgotten to get out of the car. On the seat next to her is a copy of the Chicago Tribune. headline of a middle article on the first page reads: THE HANGMAN ESCAPES. Move up to Atwood's face. The Older Detective followed by Younger Detective approaches.
3) 45) dialog: You thinking of joining us anytime soon, Atwood? Atwood doesn't look at the Detectives for a long beat and when she does her expression is not friendly.
3) 49) dialog: I really hated yesterday, Snyder, and then today came along. As she gets out of the car, the Men notice the bandages o her wrists and falling into step with her on the way to t house.
3) 51) dialog: I tried to commit suicide. The Young Detective laughs. Atwood whirls on him.
3) 52) dialog: What's so funny?
3) 53) dialog: Eh... I... I don't know, I heard it was because you were drunk and got into a fight with a fish tank. Atwood sticks her finger into the Young Detective's chest
3) 54) dialog: Who are you gonna believe? Me or the fucking fish?!
3) 55) dialog: Eh... you.
3) 56) dialog: Good. Atwood turns and leaves the Men.
3) 57) dialog: (under his breath) She's nuts!
3) 63) dialog: (straightens up) This guy hasn't been active for over two years... She enters the house. INT. MURDER HOUSE Ñ AFTERNOON From the way Atwood looks at her surroundings as she cros the Living Room we get the feel that this Woman misses nothing.
3) 64) dialog: ... we think he's either dead or in jail on some other charge. This is probably a copycat. Detective Snyder points her down the Hall toward the Bedr and follows.
3) 66) dialog: Bite yourself. Atwood arrives in the doorway of the BEDROOM where the murders took place and stops. The Bodies of the dance Couple are now on the floor. The is propped up against the bed in a sitting position. The Woman has her head in the Man's crotch. Almost like Mr. Brooks, Atwood's nostrils flare, but in Atwood's case it's not the scent of death that arouses he but it's like she's searching for the scent of her prey. In a glance she memorizes the Room, then steps inside.
3) 68) dialog: (indicating the Victims) He always rearranges the bodies, but this is out of character. He has never left them in such a crude position. Usually it's more romantic with their arms around each other, kissing, their mouths open, their tongues touching.
3) 70) dialog: Where are the thumbprints? Snyder points to a bare space of wall above the bed. Atwo leans in to look at two bloody 'thumbprints' placed side side.
3) 71) dialog: One his one hers?
3) 73) dialog: What's that? There are two holes gouged into the plaster of the wall.
3) 75) dialog: Were these open or closed when you got here?
3) 80) dialog: Hmm... She returns her attention to the murder scene.
3) 81) dialog: It has never been revealed to the public that the Thumbprint Killer retrieves the slugs.
3) 83) dialog: I don't fucking need this. She doubles back and cracks the curtains for another look the four story Apartment Building.
3) 84) dialog: Have you checked the tenants of that building?
3) 86) dialog: Leaving them like this, he must have been angry at them for some reason. She reaches down and runs a hand over the carpet.
3) 87) dialog: Where would they keep their vacuum cleaner. A puzzled Snyder follows her out of the room. INT. PANTRY Ñ AFTERNOON Atwood opens a service closet. There's the Vacuum Cleaner
3) 91) dialog: I'll bet you a hundred bucks, Snyder, there is no bag in that vacuum cleaner.
3) 93) dialog: He vacuumed the house and took the bag.
3) 95) dialog: Okay. He releases her. She hops down and directs her attention the four story Apartment Building.
3) 96) dialog: Our best hope is if someone in there saw something. A MAN comes out from behind the next door fence and strid purposefully toward them.
3) 98) dialog: Yes.
3) 104) dialog: You fucking asshole!! I'm in the middle of a fucking murder investigation!!
3) 106) dialog: Goddamit!!
3) 108) dialog: My soon to be ex-husband's scumbag lawyer is trying to show me how painful she can make my life if I don't give them what they want.
3) 110) dialog: The doctor was a couple years ago. This one is my stupid mistake. INT. CHURCH HALL Ñ DAY An AA Meeting is getting started. Mr. Brooks is one of th ASSEMBLED. The LEADER steps into the semicircle of Men an Women.
3) 240) dialog: What about the mental anguish I went through being in close proximity to him. Who's gonna pay me for that?
3) 242) dialog: Yes, we do. I was the one who paid for everything while we were married, and now I'm being asked to give him a bonus for spending time with me when I've already paid for it in the first place.
3) 245) dialog: Jesse... Darling?... you know the best thing that could happen to me right now? That you get hit by a truck and die.
3) 251) dialog: (standing up) Fuck it. It felt good. INT. APARTMENT Ñ NIGHT Moonlight seeps around the blinds to reveal Mr. Smith asl in bed. Beyond the open BEDROOM door down the hall is only darkne until the eruption of illumination from a penlight momentarily outlines the figure of a Man. Then we're looking at what the penlight sees. A keyring. Hands in surgical gloves isolate the - safety deposit key - and press it into a soft wax block where it leaves its impression. The light goes off. In the BEDROOM at the end of the hallway, Mr. Smith begin snore. The Figure coasts silently toward the sound. Mr. Smith's face is sideways on the pillow. The snores an little drool burbles out of the corner of his mouth. WHOOMP!! The impact of something landing on the bed bounc Mr. Smith upright and awake.
4) 37) dialog: (entering the room) That's a dead end, he bags the gun.
4) 39) dialog: He ziplocks a one gallon plastic freezer bag to his wrist over the gun. Bang. Bang. A little bit of plastic is carried by the first slug, the ejected shells go into the bag and it limits the powder residue. (to Captain Lister) I hear you were looking for me.
4) 45) dialog: So far they are Mr. and Miss Normal.
4) 48) dialog: That's blackmail.
4) 50) dialog: That's also blackmail.
4) 52) dialog: Do you know what he did to me?
4) 58) text: And?... DETECTIVE ATWOOD
4) 60) text: Get over it. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
4) 62) text: I hear what he's asking for, you could take out of pocket change. Do that and go on with your life. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
4) 64) text: I'll spread your work among the other guys and the FBI will be here on thursday... (motions to the pictures) ... they'll take over this case. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
4) 69) text: (opening the door to leave) You heard Meeks escaped? DETECTIVE ATWOOD
4) 71) text: Do you want a detail on you in case he comes after you? DETECTIVE ATWOOD
4) 73) text: You're a good cop, Tracy, I don't want to lose you, but you have to help me if you want me to help you. INT. HALLWAY Ñ CRIME LAB Ñ AFTERNOON Atwood is waiting for an elevator. It arrives. The doors open. The car is empty. INT. ELEVATOR Ñ AFTERNOON Atwood gets in and presses the key for her destination, t slumps into a corner for the ride. The doors close. The elevator begins to move. All at once Atwood screams. Her pent-up anger and frustra rip the air and she goes nuts. She punches the wall of the elevator, kicks it, throws herself to the other side, bangs her head against that wa punches it, kicks it, all the while screaming. Then the tears come. The screams stop and she settles upr against the back wall, where she strikes her chest repeat with the flat of her closed hand. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
4) 78) dialog: Did you choose them because of where they lived or how they looked or what jobs they had? Or did you just pick them because at the instant you saw them, you had decided to kill someone? The side door was perfect. No one could see you pick the lock. With a key she lets herself in. EXT. STREET Ñ NIGHT Parked against the curb opposite the driveway of the Murd House is an old green Pontiac Convertible with the top up The driver's window is down and from inside a WOMAN, late 20's, is watching the house. INT. MURDER HOUSE Ñ NIGHT Atwood stops in the PANTRY almost in the exact spot where Brooks stopped. The quiet is filled by the rain drumming on the roof. The wind rattles the windows.
4) 79) dialog: How did you know where they were in the house? She steps into the KITCHEN. On the way across she bumps i a chair.
4) 80) dialog: It's darker tonight than it was on your night. But still how did you manage not to bump into the furniture? Did you have a little light? That would be too dangerous. I'll bet you were in the house before.
4) 85) dialog: So I should ask the neighbors if they saw a meter reader around the house or a telephone repairman or someone from the gas company. These musings take her through the LIVING ROOM to the entrance of the HALLWAY where she pauses and looks both w
4) 86) dialog: Once again, how did you know where they were? Did you check the rooms before you found them? She had his semen in her vagina, they had just made love, did you hear them or was there a light on? She steps into the HALL.
4) 87) dialog: And when did you bag the gun? Because even though I'm sure you're an expert at it, there's still a chance of noise from the plastic. She continues down the HALL to the BEDROOM.
4) 88) dialog: Was the door open or did you have to open it? She opens the door and goes in.
4) 89) dialog: Were they asleep or awake? Was the light on, or did you turn it on? Because I know you, you wouldn't risk a shot in the dark. She turns on the overhead light.
4) 90) dialog: Too bright. What if it wasn't that light that was on, but this one? She turns on a bedside light and goes back to the door an turns off the overhead. If the dance Couple were on the bed and their blood was n on the wall, the room would look exactly the way it did w Mr. Brooks said 'hello'.
4) 94) text: That's better... What thrill do you get by killing people? Is it sexual, is it hate, is it power? Do you feel remorse? Probably that part of your brain doesn't exist. Do you have emotions of love or affection or joy? Or have you learned to fake them so you won't stand out in a crowd. She's at the window now, feeling the curtains. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
4) 95) text: What if these are stuck closed because you yanked them closed? Which means they were open when you came into the room. She separates the fabric and looks out the rain-streaked window at the four story building across the alley. There lights on in almost all the apartment windows. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
4) 96) text: If Mr. and Miss Normal made love with the curtains open and the lights on, someone in that building noticed them and may have seen you. She allows the fabric to drop back into place and turns t look at the bed. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
4) 97) text: Was that what you were angry about? INT. APARTMENT BUILDING Ñ NIGHT Moving slowly across a neutral colored wall. DETECTIVE ATWOOD (O.S.)
4) 103) dialog: I'm sorry... (bends down and picks up the envelope)
4) 104) text: ... I was about to knock. I'm Detective Atwood with the Chicago Police.
4) 106) dialog: Are you a photographer... (glances at her list) Mr. Baffert?
4) 108) dialog: I don't know if you're aware but there was a murder...
4) 110) dialog: Did you happen to see anything unusual or suspicious that night around that house? Anything at all? Mr. Smith puts on his thinking expression and pauses a li bit before:
4) 116) text: (taking the card) I wish I could be of more help, but sorry. Watching him walk away amid the crinkle of his raincoat, Detective Atwood, maybe because of her woman's intuition maybe because she's a good cop, wonders what is in that manila envelope under his arm. The thought is gone almost as soon as it comes and she fa about to the next door. EXT. STREET Ñ NIGHT Hunched against the rain, Mr. Smith is acutely aware of t traffic. His eyes strain to see the Occupants of each pas car. He doesn't give a second thought to the older non- descript Toyota parked against the far curb. INT. TOYOTA Ñ NIGHT Mr. Brooks is in the driver's seat. Marshall is in the ba They're both tracking the progress of Mr. Smith. MR. BROOKS
4) 150) text: I wasn't in town that night, my roommate was, maybe he saw something. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
4) 152) text: He's on his way to Tokyo now, he's also a Flight Attendant. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
4) 158) dialog: Here's my card, could you ask your roommate to call me when he gets back, the people at that number will find me any hour of the day or night.
5) 0) text: Detective Atwood is on her way out the Outer Door when th hair on the back of her neck stands on end.
5) 6) dialog: (puts the phone to her ear)
5) 27) text: You really don't want to know that much about me, Mr. Smith. INT. INDOOR POOL Ñ NIGHT The lane lines are in place. Detective Atwood is the only one in the water. Up and dow she goes with a long smooth stroke flipping the turns. Sh not swimming for pleasure, she's working out. The underwater lights cast rippling shadows on the walls ceiling and since they are the only illumination, the roo feels spooky. Atwood's fingers touch the wall. She raises her head to c her time, then takes off her goggles. Hanging onto the gutter she tries to catch her breath, lo herself under the surface, blows a lungful of bubbles, co up to face LARRY, a Man slightly younger than she is, in beautiful suit, perched on the edge of the deck looking d at her. He has a dress on a hangar over one shoulder and a pair o shoes dangling from the fingers of his other hand. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
5) 29) text: Hi. I brought a dress and a pair of shoes. I thought we could leave from here. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
5) 30) text: Great idea. She lifts herself to him and they kiss. INT. EXCLUSIVE SUPPER CLUB Ñ NIGHT Detective Atwood and Larry are at a balcony table overloo a well-populated dance floor. The Music is 40's and 50's performed by a live BAND. LARRY
5) 35) dialog: I did something like that except I was the one who took the test. It wasn't math, a friend of mine was a theology major and needed a second language to get into the Master's program...
5) 37) dialog: Isn't that what all theology is based on?
5) 39) dialog: Oh yeah...
5) 41) dialog: No, she realized very quickly there wasn't enough money in religion for her, the last I heard she'd written a diet book that was very successful.
5) 46) text: Thank you, this was wonderful. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
5) 48) text: I'll see you then? DETECTIVE ATWOOD
5) 54) dialog: I like you too, Larry. Send me a bill for the dress and the shoes.
5) 56) dialog: Good-night. EXT. MR. BROOKS' CERAMICS STUDIO Ñ NIGHT The rain is muffled by the trees. Move slowly toward the Building then up the side to peek through the narrow window that circles just below the roo line. In the center of the room, the kiln relieves the darkness with a yellow red glow whose rim touches a slash of white light coming from under a door tucked in a corner. INT. CERAMICS STUDIO Ñ NIGHT We creep through the white light across the floor that's littered with splashes of paint and smears of clay to the office door and peer under it. In front of us are chair casters and two bare feet and le
5) 88) text: The fact that you're not wrong doesn't make me admire her any less. INT. SUBURBAN STARBUCKS Ñ MORNING At a table the Asian Attorney is going over a brief. Ther are two foamy coffees in to-go cups in front of her. Detective Atwood arrives at the table. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
5) 90) text: Hi. I got you a Latte. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
5) 92) text: We got an injunction to quash the subpoena for your work records yesterday. They've already appealed. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
5) 98) dialog: My father does nothing for nothing.
5) 100) dialog: No desk.
5) 102) dialog: One five.
5) 104) dialog: How much more?
5) 106) dialog: Try and get a number out of them first. I want to know what ballpark I'm playing in and if it's a lump sum, is it less than something that's paid in installments.
5) 108) dialog: I'd like to get this done as soon as possible.
5) 113) dialog: Yeah. ASIAN ATTORNEY
5) 114) text: That one's creepy to me. The doors are locked, the alarms are armed and the people are dead. It makes you feel like you're not safe anywhere. Atwood nods and opens the front door then follows the Attorney out. EXT. SUBURBAN STARBUCKS Ñ MORNING DETECTIVE ATWOOD
5) 116) text: I'm right over there. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
5) 118) text: Oh, Tracy... I almost forgot, your husband says there's a picture of him holding some trophy that you still have. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
5) 121) dialog: I'll look.
6) 9) dialog: 
7) 10) dialog: That chiropractor, Alvin Griffin, who sold Meeks his steroids, he might know where he is.
7) 12) dialog: What about a warrant to search his house? Get me in the door and he'll talk to me.
7) 14) dialog: I took your advice and told my lawyer to settle. Stretching out her arm to return the photos:
7) 15) dialog: None of these is the woman in the van.
7) 17) dialog: Sorry.
7) 19) dialog: It doesn't like any of the other choices.
7) 27) text: The Parking Lot has a security camera. We're checking the tape. If Meeks and the Woman left in a car we'll have a license number. You have two days then I want a progress report on your divorce. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
7) 29) text: Okay, you have three days. She leaves. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
7) 92) dialog: I'm Detective Smolny with the Chicago Police and this is Detective Carfagno, from Palo Alto, California...
7) 174) text: We found traces of this in two places. The slide changes to an overhead schematic showing the interior of the house where the dance Couple was murdered Detective Atwood and Detective Snyder are standing with S watching the presentation. Atwood has a bandage covering stitches over her eye. SIGY
7) 176) text: We did an analysis and it's made up of feldspar, alumina and kaolin. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
7) 184) dialog: It could have been tracked in by a friend.
7) 186) dialog: Is the clay rare, is it difficult to get?
7) 189) dialog: And this is the only incongruity you were able to find in the whole house.
7) 191) dialog: No, Sigy, it doesn't. It does give me an excuse to ask someone some new questions. INT. MR. BROOKS' OFFICE Ñ BROOKS BOX FACTORY - DAY Mr. Brooks is standing behind his desk staring blankly at contents of his briefcase when Sunday, his Secretary, com in.
7) 224) dialog: You remember me? All Mr. Smith can do is nod.
7) 225) dialog: Would you step out of the car, please, I want to talk to you. EXT. CAR Ñ DAY Atwood steps back as Mr. Smith gets out. Behind her, Detective Snyder is standing next to the Driver's door of un-marked Police car which has blocked Mr. Smith in.
7) 226) dialog: So Mr. Baffert, what is that you have to tell me?
7) 228) dialog: Really? Because I was driving around and I got this sudden feeling that you had something to tell me about the murders.
7) 230) dialog: That's disappointing. Because when I left you the last time we talked, I felt I had missed a clue that was right in front of me that would solve this whole case.
7) 232) dialog: Didn't you tell me you were an amateur potter, that you made bowls and vases?
7) 237) dialog: Are you positive? Because we found potter's clay on the carpet of the murder house and I was sure you said to me that you worked with clay, that you made pots.
7) 239) dialog: Maybe that was it. The Stewardess upstairs said the victims kept their curtains open when they made love. Could I see some of the pictures you took of that Couple? Mr. Smith can only stare at Detective Atwood. His Adam's apple moves up and down though he makes no sound. Should or shouldn't he? Finally he throws his arms up in a shrug but in his half- of indecision he happens to spy the Newspaper he tossed a the passenger seat of his car. Part of it is draped over the console. The red circles ar the words on that page jump out at him.
7) 242) dialog: What is your job here? What do you do?
7) 246) text: I'm a mechanical engineer. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
7) 248) text: I guess. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
7) 249) text: Then be smart, Mr. Baffert. You lied to me right there at the end. I'll be watching you. And when you want to tell me the truth, you know how to get in touch with me. She gives him a dazzling smile. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
7) 250) text: See you later, alligator. Atwood walks back to her car and gets in. INT. UNMARKED POLICE CAR Ñ DAY DETECTIVE ATWOOD
7) 252) text: Captain Lister got us the search warrant for Meeks' Chiropractor. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
7) 254) text: You think he did it? DETECTIVE ATWOOD
8) 3) dialog: Lights don't work.
8) 7) dialog: (calls to the darkness in back of her)
8) 10) dialog: I thought you were behind me.
8) 16) text: I called it in. The smell of blood and the sight of the carnage is too mu for him. His gorge rises and he gags. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
8) 17) text: Do that outside. The Officer doesn't have to be told twice. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
8) 19) text: I thought Meeks hung people. Atwood retraces her steps in the Kitchen. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
8) 20) text: Meeks is a steroid freak. This Refrigerator was always full of steroids. Mona was Alvin Griffin's niece, receptionist, lover and keeper of the keys. She focuses her flashlight on an open padlock dangling fr steel band that runs around the Refrigerator. With the ba of the Glock she opens the door. The only edibles inside are a tomato, half a loaf of brea package of hotdogs and some part of a chicken in a KFC bo The rest of the space is vacant. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
8) 26) text: Meeks thinks Alvin turned him in. She shuts the Refrigerator. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
16) 0) text: Reflected in the glass of an open mirrored closet door is tastefully furnished DEN with floor-to-ceiling windows th look out at LAKE MICHIGAN from the 20th floor. An empty suitcase falls into this picture and bounces on carpet. Behind the mirrored door, Detective Atwood is ato stepstool rummaging through the suitcases on the highest shelf. Throughout the Condo there is an incessant ringing of the phones. Another suitcase goes down and Atwood finds what she's looking for - a framed color 8 x 10 photo of her husband, Jesse. He's in a business suit and holding some kind of trophy. The phones stop ringing. Atwood comes down the stepstool, folds it and is carrying back to where it lives when the phones start ringing agai She picks up a cordless in the Den.
16) 1) dialog: Yes? INT. LAW OFFICES Ñ MORNING The Asian Attorney interrupts her sip of coffee.
16) 3) dialog: Yeah, go ahead... He can't get that, can he?! INTERCUT with Nancy.
16) 8) dialog: Never. How long can you stall them?
16) 10) dialog: I need two days. Wait two days before getting back to them. If they call, tell them it's a big number, I'm thinking about it.
16) 12) dialog: And the picture he wanted... She slams the frame of Jesse's photo against the inside o metal trash can. Nancy winces and then smiles at the sound of shattering glass. Atwood plucks the photo out of the frame and tears it so the rip can be heard over the phone.
16) 13) dialog: ... tell him I couldn't find it. INT. MASTER BEDROOM - BROOKS HOUSE Ñ MORNING Mr. Brooks is still asleep. Emma, dressed for the day, arrives at his side of the bed. She rubs the back of Mr. Brooks' hand.
16) 37) dialog: 'Are we there yet?' , are we there yet?' , you sound like a child. We're playing a hunch.
16) 42) dialog: If it didn't, it wouldn't be called a hunch.
16) 44) dialog: Look where? Please tell me. Everyone knows who Meeks is and is looking for him. The chiropractor was the last link to his old life that I know of. The only way we'll find him, now, is if someone turns him in or we trip over him at a bus stop. On the other hand, Detective Snyder, no one knows who the Thumbprint Killer is or where he is. However, I have a fucking hunch this guy Baffert does. I have two days to play that hunch. If you feel like you're wasting your time with me, I'd be happy to do it alone. He looks at her and shakes his head.
16) 46) dialog: My husband wants five million dollars. EXT. SUBURBAN STREET Ñ AFTERNOON Mr. Smith's car enters the Parking Lot of a Rib Joint. Atwood's car stops across the street. INT. ATWOOD'S CAR Ñ AFTERNOON Atwood and Snyder watch Mr. Smith enter the Restaurant. T wait in silence. A muted 'tone' announces the arrival of Email on their computer. Snyder reads and frowns.
16) 47) dialog: Bad news?
16) 52) dialog: Why?!
16) 54) dialog: No. She would have said that. Snyder points across the street at Mr. Smith coming out o the Restaurant carrying a Take-Out bag.
16) 57) dialog: (smiles) Good thinking, Tonto. She starts the car. There's the muted 'tone' again. Atwoo looks at the computer screen.
16) 58) dialog: Shit! She just 86'ed you too. INT. POLICE STATION Ñ AFTERNOON Trailed by Snyder, Detective Atwood arrives at Captain Lister's SECRETARY.
16) 59) dialog: Is she in?
16) 61) dialog: Good.
16) 65) dialog: You promised if I settled my divorce I had three days on the Thumbprint Killer. I have the rest of today and tomorrow left.
16) 67) dialog: You promised you would keep them out of it for three days.
16) 69) dialog: This is my case, what you're doing is fucked. But since I can't stop you, and she won't, here's a tip. James Baffert, you should stake him out, he knows something.
16) 71) dialog: Then what's the problem? You do that and I'll tail Baffert.
16) 76) dialog: Good luck. (to Captain Lister) Later I suppose you'll fill me in on what I'm supposed to be doing around here. I'm confused. She leaves. Snyder closes the door behind her.
17) 24) dialog: Hello... Oh, yes, yes. (she sits up) Put him through... Hi, this is Detective Atwood speaking, thanks for calling...Yes, your roommate said you were in Tokyo... Anything, if you saw anything at all it might be helpful. INT. FOUR STORY APARTMENT BUILDING Ñ NIGHT A MAN in a Flight Attendant's uniform is standing at the window of the Apartment he shares with the Stewardess.
17) 29) dialog: Camera flashes?
17) 31) dialog: (almost to herself) That's why he poses them.
17) 33) dialog: Nothing.
17) 35) dialog: You've been very helpful. This answers a lot of questions for me. Thank you very much, Mr. Struber. She's about to hang up when Struber speaks again.
17) 41) text: eh, I can't remember his name, but he told me once that he'd taken some great pictures of that Couple making love, he's the one you should speak to. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
17) 43) text: Yeah, I think Jim or James... DETECTIVE ATWOOD
17) 44) text: Thank you very much. Atwood disconnects then quickly dials. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
17) 76) text: Don't do that. INT. MR. SMITH'S APARTMENT BUILDING Ñ NIGHT Detective Atwood hurries down the HALL and out of breath, stops in front of Mr. Smith's door. She raps sharply. Wai bare three seconds and raps again. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
17) 82) dialog: Do you have any idea when he'll be back?
17) 84) dialog: Thank you. As the Old Lady watches, Atwood tries the knob. It's unlocked. She pushes the door open. The HALLWAY and LIVING ROOM she can see are completely em Furniture, T.V., camera equipment, art, gone.
17) 90) dialog: (overlapping) Goddamit, Snyder. Knock.
17) 92) dialog: We may have gotten lucky. (holding up the paper) This is the Moving Company's work order and... (points)) ... it looks like this is the address where they're taking Baffert's stuff.
17) 94) dialog: At home in bed.
17) 96) dialog: I was home in bed, why should I have to prove that?
17) 103) text: It's on record you said you'd like him dead and who better to fake a Thumbprint killing than you. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
17) 105) text: If our jobs have taught us anything, Tracy, is that people do strange things. They just want to ask you some questions. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
17) 107) text: I have to take you in, Tracy. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
17) 109) text: Don't make me cuff you, Tracy, because I will if I have to. Atwood smiles winningly. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
17) 142) text: I understand. EXT. OLD DECO BUILDING Ñ NIGHT Come off the banner hanging across the front - ROOMS FOR RENT, to find Atwood walking away from her car. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
17) 160) dialog: Meeks?!! Dragging the Woman in the direction of the stairs, BANG! Meeks fires. Maybe it's his broken trigger finger that affects his aim. The shots miss. BANG! BANG! The Woman fi Atwood's next two shots miss. Meeks and the Woman arrive at the stairs and before round the corner, BANG! BANG! BANG!, fire at Atwood who is now moving deliberately at them. Atwood doesn't try and dodge the bullets or flinch away f them and her shots are unhurried. The next one catches the Woman in the side. The one after that nails Meeks in the left shoulder. He's spun into the Woman. INT. STAIRS - OLD DECO BUILDING Ñ NIGHT Leaning on each other Meeks and the Woman lurch down the marble steps. INT. HALLWAY Ñ OLD DECO BUILDING - NIGHT Atwood reaches the stairs and cheats a look around the corner. BANG! BANG! BANG! From the landing below, Meeks a the Woman fire. Atwood steps out from behind the wall and shoulders squar shoots. Another sidestep. This shot shatters Meeks' knee. bellows in pain.
17) 165) dialog: Yeah.
17) 194) text: Good work, Atwood. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
17) 196) text: You should ask the FBI to kiss your ass and buy you a Cadillac. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
17) 198) text: This is bogus. The company doesn't exist in the city, the state, the United States or Canada. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
17) 200) text: That's what it looks like. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
17) 202) text: That's what we get paid to find out. Atwood picks up the Newspaper. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
17) 207) dialog: Detective Atwood... EXT. ROOFTOP PARKING LOT Ñ MORNING Looking out at the city, Mr. Brooks speaks into the cel p he stole from the Woman.
17) 209) dialog: Who is this?
17) 211) dialog: You want something from me if you don't tell me who you are I'm going to hang up.
17) 213) dialog: Mr. Baffert?! Snyder perks up. She points for him to get on the other l
17) 215) dialog: You don't sound like you.
17) 217) dialog: Where are you?
17) 222) dialog: My father was very disappointed I was born a girl and he let me know that. I've spent my whole life trying to prove him wrong.
17) 224) dialog: Wait. You promised to tell me where you are.
17) 226) dialog: Why would he be interested in that? At the Parking structure, Mr. Brooks holds the phone over edge and drops it. We follow the phone down, down, down, until it hits the pavement and disintegrates. EXT. BROOKS HOUSE Ñ NIGHT Everything is as it was. INT. KITCHEN - BROOKS HOUSE Ñ NIGHT It's dark. In his robe and pajamas, Mr. Brooks is standin front of the open refrigerator gazing blankly at the cont with a glass of milk in one hand. There's nothing he want here. He closes the door. INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY Ñ BROOKS HOUSE - NIGHT Carrying the glass of milk, Mr. Brooks passes Jane's ROOM The door is ajar. He stops, backs up and looks. His Daughter's asleep.