1) 0) text: MEN in tuxedos and WOMEN in gowns. Mr. Brooks is seated at one of the front tables with his wife, EMMA, also 40's.
2) 1) dialog: Did you see Sis Wallace's dress? INT. LEXUS Ñ NIGHT Mr. Brooks is driving. Emma is in the passenger seat. The holding hands.
2) 2) dialog: You could see her nipples. At her age she should keep those things hidden. Mr. Brooks is only listening to his Wife with one ear and underneath what she is saying we can barely hear:
2) 4) dialog: The only thing that would have made this evening more perfect is if Jane had been here.
2) 6) dialog: She's dropping out, you know.
2) 8) dialog: Nothing she does is wrong to you, is it?... Mr. Brooks doesn't rise to the bait.
2) 9) dialog: Well she missed a good party... As she continues, we look at Mr. Brooks and Emma's voice fades to a murmur.
2) 18) dialog: What's the matter? Mr. Brooks pulls himself back into the moment.
2) 20) dialog: You were frowning.
2) 22) dialog: They laughed, they were touched, I don't think anyone felt left out.
2) 30) dialog: ... Labradors are supposed to be nice, or maybe a rescue mutt...
2) 32) dialog: There's an Irish Lab I read about, and I think the breeder is... Mr. Brooks turns his attention back to the Dancers and ag Emma's voice fades to a murmur. Both Mr. Brooks and Marshall who is seated on the other s of Emma are focused on one particular COUPLE. The Man and Woman are not great dancers nor are they especially attractive, but Mr. Brooks and Marshall are fascinated with them. Marshall leans forward and looking slyly around Emma at M Brooks:
3) 0) text: Through the door of the DRESSING AREA, Emma can be seen taking off her evening clothes. Hidden by the darkness on the other side of the bed, Mr. Brooks is hunched forward on a chair, his head in his han His bow tie is undone, but he's still wearing his Tuxedo. obvious torment, he is whispering to himself.
3) 3) dialog: Okay, I'm going to read. If I'm not awake, wake me when you come back. Mr. Brooks comes forward, puts his arms around Emma and h her, then easing back, kisses her.
4) 2) dialog: Ask your daughter what the real reason is she dropped out of school.
4) 7) dialog: You wanted to go to college, you had good grades in High School, your father helped you get into Stanford, we're paying a ton of money, if this is not the reason, then please dear God tell me the reason.
4) 13) dialog: Does he know?
4) 15) dialog: Oh, Honey, I'm so sorry.
4) 21) text: Daddy, you are not going to tell me what to do. It's my body and I will do what I want to do with it. Mr. Brooks's eyes find Emma's. Almost imperceptibly she shakes her head 'no'. MR. BROOKS
4) 22) text: (to his Daughter) You're right. I'm sorry. I said it wrong. I'm not trying to tell you what to do. I'm trying to say that a grandchild would be a wonderful gift for your mother and me. EMMA
5) 73) text: Ahhhh... now I remember. Her father, Gerald Atwood, never did business with him but Emma and I met him a couple times, big political fundraiser. He owns or owned one of the largest insurance groups in the country and a lot of other stuff. Tap, tap, tap. Jesse Vialo's Driver's license comes up. MR. BROOKS
7) 116) dialog: No.
7) 118) dialog: No.
7) 120) dialog: Oh, my Gosh! I'm sure if she was close to someone who was murdered, she would have said something.
7) 122) dialog: I'll get dressed. EXT. BROOKS HOUSE Ñ DAY There are now three cars plus the unmarked Police car in Turn-Around. INT. BROOKS HOUSE Ñ DAY Everyone is in the LIVING ROOM.
7) 136) dialog: Should you lie down?
7) 171) text: Emma and I would raise it. MARSHALL
13) 4) text: I don't think so. It's the whole thing, Marshall. If I could find a way to just disappear, where there was absolutely no trace of me; because eventually I will get caught doing this. And it'll be very embarrassing for me and Emma and Jane. So I've been thinking... is there a way that Mr. Smith could kill me and make me disappear. MARSHALL
15) 0) text: The Bathroom door opens. Mr. Brooks, in his pajamas, turn out the light and crosses to the bed. Emma looks up as he pulls back the covers and gets in.
15) 1) dialog: You worked all night.
16) 14) dialog: Earl... Earl... Mr. Brooks opens his eyes.
16) 19) dialog: Roger is on the phone. INT. KITCHEN Ñ BROOKS HOUSE - MORNING In his slippers and robe, Mr. Brooks is standing in the Doorway watching Jane who is leaning over the Counter wit open Newspaper next to a bowl of cereal. He has a chance to take a good long look before she feels presence and raises her head.
17) 228) text: Agghhh!!! Agghhh!!! He grabs at the handle of the scissors, but his blood mak them too slippery. He can't pull them out. EMMA (V.O.)
17) 229) text: Honey, Earl, Earl... INT. MASTER BEDROOM Ñ BROOKS HOUSE - NIGHT Mr. Brooks is tossing in his sleep next to Emma. She has hold of his arm. EMMA
17) 230) text: Wake up, wake up... On the pillow Mr. Brooks' eyes fly open. EMMA
17) 233) dialog: It's okay. She kisses him on the forehead. EMMA (CONT'D)