3) 243) dialog: (to Atwood) Tracy, this is not a lot of money for you, and you know how upset I was when Meeks said that he was going to escape and he would come back and kill you.
5) 73) text: Ahhhh... now I remember. Her father, Gerald Atwood, never did business with him but Emma and I met him a couple times, big political fundraiser. He owns or owned one of the largest insurance groups in the country and a lot of other stuff. Tap, tap, tap. Jesse Vialo's Driver's license comes up. MR. BROOKS
5) 74) text: Jesse Vialo... Good looking, a little younger than she is. MARSHALL
16) 0) text: Reflected in the glass of an open mirrored closet door is tastefully furnished DEN with floor-to-ceiling windows th look out at LAKE MICHIGAN from the 20th floor. An empty suitcase falls into this picture and bounces on carpet. Behind the mirrored door, Detective Atwood is ato stepstool rummaging through the suitcases on the highest shelf. Throughout the Condo there is an incessant ringing of the phones. Another suitcase goes down and Atwood finds what she's looking for - a framed color 8 x 10 photo of her husband, Jesse. He's in a business suit and holding some kind of trophy. The phones stop ringing. Atwood comes down the stepstool, folds it and is carrying back to where it lives when the phones start ringing agai She picks up a cordless in the Den.
17) 55) dialog: Realistically how much do you think we can get? Sheila gives him a quick kiss and moves on into the LIVIN ROOM where she drops her briefcase on the couch.
17) 59) text: If we go to court, best case, two, if she wants to settle, best case, three, but I would be happy with two seven. Backlit by the Fireplace, Jesse kisses her again. From the KITCHEN, Mr. Brooks and Mr. Smith watch Jesse un Sheila's slacks and dropping to his knees peel them off h legs. She steps out of them. He kisses the inside of her thighs her crotch, then standing up: JESSE
17) 60) text: I'll be right back. On his way out of the LIVING ROOM: JESSE
17) 62) text: Let's not be piggish, two five, two seven, would be a good deal. The T.V. goes silent. Jesse returns with a partially full glass of Champagne. He hands Sheila a glass from a side table, takes a bottle of an ice bucket and as he fills her glass: SHEILA
17) 63) text: (teasing) You've already had half a bottle. JESSE
17) 65) text: To us. JESSE
17) 70) text: (after a sip) We have to do this fast because remember, Marie is meeting us here. JESSE
17) 73) text: (undoing the front of her bra) I wasn't trying to be. She bops him playfully. He bends and slips a nipple into mouth. Sheila bites her lip and moans. In the KITCHEN, Mr. Smith shifts around for a better view The floor under him CRREEEKKS! In the LIVING ROOM, both Sheila and Jesse react to the so SHEILA
17) 75) dialog: Yeah. Mr. Brooks seems to appear magically out of the darkened Kitchen with his gun raised. He's followed by Mr. Smith. Sheila opens her mouth to scream. MR. BROOKS
17) 102) text: Why, I didn't want Jesse dead, I loved him, I hated what he was doing to me... SNYDER