0) 2) dialog: Why do you fight it so hard, Earl?
0) 4) dialog: Come on, you've been a good boy for a long time, you deserve a little fun. Our view moves back up to the Woman's breasts.
2) 13) dialog: Come on, Earl, give yourself a break, you know you want to do this.
2) 15) dialog: You're the fucking 'man of the year', you deserve it. It's not like it's not set up. You already know how to by-pass the alarm, you know how to pick the locks. Tonight's the perfect night.
2) 17) dialog: I heard you, Earl, but you don't mean 'no'. Emma feels Mr. Brooks's distance.
2) 26) dialog: (from the back seat) They have their dance class tonight. What if we go by and just look at them. There's no harm in just having a look.
2) 28) dialog: Please... pretty please.
2) 36) dialog: I bet your dick's getting hard, isn't it, just imagining what they would look like dead? Savoring the ice-cream, Mr. Brooks nods. EXT. BROOKS HOUSE Ñ NIGHT Two story modern. Not ostentatious, but the elegance of t line and the grounds say there's big money here.
3) 10) dialog: Oh Lordy, Earl my boy, I've missed this! We are going to have so much fun!
3) 15) dialog: Don't you dare quit on me, you piece of shit. I want to see what they're doing. Mr. Brooks's spine stiffens and he's going forward again. Entering a HALLWAY, he reaches into his jacket. When his reappears it's inside a Ziplock bag, his fingers around t butt of a silenced pistol. He brings the hand and bag to his mouth and tightens the Ziplock against his wrist. The two Men arrive at a door that's slightly ajar. Behind the sounds of the love-making are becoming more intense. Mr. Brooks nudges the door with his foot. It opens enough he and Marshall to see the Couple inside. The Man and Woman from the Arthur Murray dance class are naked on the bed. As much as Mr. Brooks hates himself for it he loves watch He can now hear his heart beating in his ears. He begins to breathe in unison with the Couple, but his expression is distant almost clinical. When the Couple climaxes, when they come, Mr. Brooks's fa goes blank. On the bed the Woman rolls off her Partner and the two of them lie there basking in the afterglow. Behind them Mr. Brooks pushes the door fully open and sli into the ROOM. They don't know he's there until he speaks
3) 23) dialog: (barks) Whoa, Earl, what the fuck is this?!! Mr. Brooks snaps a look. The curtains of the bedroom window are open; and over hal the Apartments in a four story Building on the other side an alley can see into this room. Most of their windows are dark. And there's no one lookin out of the windows that are lit.
3) 24) dialog: These pigs liked to fuck with the blinds open, you should have known that, Earl. This is a big mistake for you, Earl.
3) 26) dialog: Well, don't fucking do that. I don't think either of us would enjoy spending the rest of our lives in jail or a lethal injection.
3) 33) dialog: Don't even think about it. You know the rules. Reluctantly Mr. Brooks throws the Polaroids into the fire the kiln.
3) 34) dialog: Now go up and make love to your beautiful wife. He leaves. In the kiln, the Polaroids burst into flame. EXT. MURDER HOUSE Ñ AFTERNOON The sunlight exposes its charm. If it weren't for the Police tape, the UNIFORMED OFFICERS and the PLAINCLOTHES DETECTIVES, it looks like it would b cool place to live.
3) 117) dialog: You're such a fucking hypocrite. If you were honest you would step out there and say 'Hi, I'm Earl. I killed two people last night and I really got off on it, but I need your help to be cured.'
3) 119) dialog: Yeah but for the next 29 days you're going to have to step out there and say 'Hi, I'm Earl, I'm an addict.' And everybody will know you fell off the wagon. Don't you feel stupid doing that?
3) 144) dialog: She's not telling you everything, she's hiding something.
3) 185) dialog: Stop your fucking whining, Earl, you enjoyed doing that Couple just as much as I did, and look on the bright side, he came to us he didn't go to the Cops. If he tries to shake us down we kill him. Period. We make it fun but we kill him. End of story. INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - BROOKS BOX FACTORY Ñ DAY The Man from the Reception Area is nervously admiring a display of Mr. Brooks's ceramic pieces. He turns at the s of the door opening behind.
3) 199) dialog: And you were worried that this was going to be unpleasant. The answer is simple. Just tell him you've decided never to kill again and he'll go away.
3) 204) dialog: In a word, yes.
3) 206) dialog: He put them in a safety deposit box but I'll bet the box is at the bank where he has his checking account and the key is on his keychain. He really wants to do this, he's not going to go to the cops. Mr. Smith who has grown uneasy under Mr. Brooks's stare swallows:
3) 223) dialog: I can't think of anything else. Mr. Brooks stands up and opens the door.
4) 26) text: If it means that much to you, I'll think about it. INT. GARAGE - BROOKS HOUSE Ñ MORNING Walking to the Lexus, Mr. Brooks notices Marshall waiting him on the passenger side. MR. BROOKS
4) 27) text: (smiles) Well, we were right, she was hiding something. MARSHALL
4) 33) dialog: I know so, and so do you. INT. CRIME LAB Ñ AFTERNOON Large and small Color Photographs pinned to a corkboard create a Collage of the dance Couple murder scene. Standing in front of this is CAPTAIN LISTER, a tall slim faced Woman in her mid-fifties, and the lead Crime Scene Technician we saw earlier at the Murder House.
4) 116) text: (taking the card) I wish I could be of more help, but sorry. Watching him walk away amid the crinkle of his raincoat, Detective Atwood, maybe because of her woman's intuition maybe because she's a good cop, wonders what is in that manila envelope under his arm. The thought is gone almost as soon as it comes and she fa about to the next door. EXT. STREET Ñ NIGHT Hunched against the rain, Mr. Smith is acutely aware of t traffic. His eyes strain to see the Occupants of each pas car. He doesn't give a second thought to the older non- descript Toyota parked against the far curb. INT. TOYOTA Ñ NIGHT Mr. Brooks is in the driver's seat. Marshall is in the ba They're both tracking the progress of Mr. Smith. MR. BROOKS
4) 117) text: He looks clean. He looks like he's alone. MARSHALL
4) 119) text: I guess I should turn around and go pick him up. MARSHALL
4) 138) dialog: Wow! We've never known anyone who's looking for us before. Mr. Brooks pinches the rectangle of paper away from Mr. S for a closer view.
4) 139) dialog: We've got to find out everything there is to know about this woman.
4) 169) dialog: (leans forward) Maybe Mr. Smith would like to kill the driver of the pickup.
5) 57) dialog: I think that was right. Go back.
5) 59) dialog: With the taxes we pay, you'd think they could make it more difficult to hack into the Police personnel files. We tip toe under the door. INT. OFFICE - CERAMICS STUDIO Ñ NIGHT It's crammed with file cabinets. Sketches for pottery pie are taped to the walls along with photos of Mr. Brooks, J and Emma.
5) 64) dialog: Someone you did business with, someone we killed?
5) 66) dialog: Excellent fitness report though.
5) 68) dialog: Oooh... She's caught a lot of people... And look here, this isn't the first time she's been hunting for us.
5) 74) text: Jesse Vialo... Good looking, a little younger than she is. MARSHALL
5) 76) text: The old man being rich doesn't mean she's rich. Maybe he's one of those guys who would rather give it to the Opera than to his kids. MARSHALL
5) 79) text: The Opera didn't get much. MARSHALL
5) 86) text: No, I like her because she found something that's hers. It's not the family business. And she's good at it. I'd like Jane to find something that's hers and that she could be good at. MARSHALL
7) 30) text: (smiles sweetly at Snyder) Every babysitter I ever had loved me. EXT. DRUG STORE PARKING LOT Ñ NIGHT In the scattering of vehicles Mr. Brooks' Toyota is hidde plain sight in a row of cars. INT. TOYOTA Ñ NIGHT Behind the wheel, Mr. Brooks is again wearing his Pottery Throwing clothes. Mr. Smith is in the passenger seat and Marshall is leaning forward from the back. They're all focused to varying degrees on the Entrance to store. Mr. Smith raises his watch for a look at the time.
7) 39) dialog: You really should pay more attention to what you read, Earl.
7) 41) dialog: His picture was on the front page of the paper a couple days ago because he escaped from jail. He's the killer they call the Hangman.
7) 45) text: Ahh... MARSHALL
7) 47) text: Well, well, well... What would life be without surprises? Mr. Smith who, remember, cannot hear or see Marshall, straightens up. MR. SMITH
7) 51) text: What?! But you promised we would! Marshall smiles. MARSHALL
7) 61) text: (purses his lips into a tight line) I see. Mr. Brooks casts his eyes on the license plate of the car Meeks is in. MARSHALL
7) 63) text: I got it. EXT. DRUG STORE PARKING LOT Ñ NIGHT Mr. Brooks' Toyota leaves. INT. TOYOTA Ñ NIGHT Mr. Smith sits stiffly. His expression hasn't changed. MARSHALL
7) 86) dialog: Even if that guy was charming and funny I still wouldn't like him. EXT. RESIDENTIAL STREET Ñ NIGHT The Toyota U-turns, makes the corner and is lost from sig EXT. ALLEY - CERAMICS STUDIO Ñ NIGHT The garage door opens and Mr. Brooks swings the Toyota inside.
7) 110) dialog: We both knew she was hiding something bigger, I certainly didn't think it was this big.
7) 147) text: God help me. What do I do? Sitting on the island behind him Marshall waits for Mr. Brooks to gulp the glass dry. MARSHALL
7) 149) text: Yeah. It'll take the Cops a week to ten days to put their case together and then they'll come back and arrest her. MARSHALL
7) 151) text: I've been afraid of this since the day she was born. She has what I have. MARSHALL
7) 153) text: They were pretty graphic, weren't they? MARSHALL
7) 159) dialog: You've always cleaned up after her, whatever she did, all her life.
7) 161) dialog: Do you think she knows what kind of trouble she's in?
7) 163) dialog: And where would you be but at the exact same place you are now. It is not your fault, Earl. Part of your problem with her is that you always think it is.
7) 165) dialog: What are you going to do?
7) 167) dialog: And what about her child?
7) 171) text: Emma and I would raise it. MARSHALL
7) 196) dialog: (from the couch) Before you open your mouth, be very sure this is the right thing to do.
7) 198) dialog: You get pissed at me because I'm always the one arguing to go ahead and do murder. Not this time, Earl. This is your decision.
7) 200) dialog: Then don't do it. Go with Mr. Smith tonight and end that, then let the Police put Jane in jail. Hopefully that will save her and we can happily go on with our tortured lives.
7) 210) text: I'll try not to bother you. The door closes behind her. INT. CERAMICS STUDIO Ñ DAY With a hidden lever, Mr. Brooks lowers casters under the and rolls it aside to reveal a Combination Safe imbedded the concrete floor. He spins the dial, opens the Safe and extracts four quadr pocketed plastic sleeves which he lines up in front of himself. Each sleeve contains a Driver's License, two Credit cards cash. The pictures on the Driver's Licenses are of Mr. Brooks, you wouldn't immediately recognize him because of the disguises. As he's trying to decide which of the four Identities wou be best for what he has in mind, Marshall comes forward t look over his shoulder. MARSHALL
7) 259) text: (almost inaudible whisper) God grant me the Serenity to accept the things I cannot change, Courage to change the things I can, and Wisdom to know the difference... The earth that he is looking at below is a long way away. EXT. REDWOOD CITY Ñ LATE AFTERNOON Come off a sign which reads: STANFORD UNIVERSITY - 2 1/2 miles to an Alamo rental car traveling south on the El Ca Real. INT. ALAMO RENTAL CAR Ñ LATE AFTERNOON In his Pottery-Throwing clothes, Mr. Brooks is behind the wheel. There's an Ace Hardware Store bag sitting upright and ope the passenger seat. We peek over the edge of the bag. A brand new hatchet with a gleaming blade sits at the bot Mr. Brooks adjusts the rearview mirror. Marshall is on th passenger side of the back seat. MR. BROOKS
13) 0) text: From the back seat Marshall watches Mr. Brooks remove the pieces of his disguise - a wig, a mustache, glasses, and them in the Carry-On. MARSHALL
13) 2) text: Dirty. MARSHALL
13) 4) text: I don't think so. It's the whole thing, Marshall. If I could find a way to just disappear, where there was absolutely no trace of me; because eventually I will get caught doing this. And it'll be very embarrassing for me and Emma and Jane. So I've been thinking... is there a way that Mr. Smith could kill me and make me disappear. MARSHALL
13) 6) text: I know I will have to plan it for Mr. Smith, but I think that's what I want to do. MARSHALL
13) 12) dialog: Well fuck you then. EXT. CITY STREET Ñ DAWN Long ago this was a nice area. A banner hangs from an old Deco building - ROOMS FOR RENT. Mr. Brooks is walking through the Parking Lot beside the Building. There, as a first car in a double space is the old green Pontiac convertible. It's blocked in by another car. Mr. Brooks sidles between the cars to check the license p against the one in his memory. It's the car Thorton Meeks was in, outside the Drug Store Mr. Brooks walks away.
17) 2) dialog: It's time to go.
17) 4) dialog: Dear Emma and Jane, my loves, I have a terminal illness and instead of subjecting you to my deterioration, I have decided to disappear. Don't try to find me, I don't want to be found. Please believe that the time I spent with you brought me the greatest joy of my life. Love. Dad. Mr. Brooks picks up the letter and folds it.
17) 5) dialog: So you're going to go through with it. Mr. Brooks stuffs the letter in the envelope, seals it an picks up a pen.
17) 11) dialog: I smell gun oil, a gun oil that's different than yours.
17) 13) dialog: Ah... now I get it. You were counting on that, weren't you?
17) 15) dialog: But if your plan is to have him kill you, why do you have to kill someone else first?
17) 20) dialog: Not even you believe that, Earl. It makes it more exciting, doesn't it, to think he's going to kill you after you kill someone else. You're getting your rocks off big time, that's why you're doing it.
17) 117) text: You're welcome. In the back seat: MARSHALL
17) 189) text: Anyone who is good at what they do, wants recognition. But since I'm not going to do it anymore, I'll let Mr. Smith take the credit. MARSHALL