0) 1) dialog: (tortured) God grant me the Serenity to accept the things I cannot change... Our view travels sensuously down the Woman's naked torso find the Man's head buried between her legs.
0) 3) dialog: Courage to change the things I can...
0) 7) dialog: ... and Wisdom to know the difference. Picking up speed against the hunger in his head:
0) 8) dialog: Living one day at a time, Enjoying one moment at a time, Accepting hardship as a pathway to peace... From far away comes the sound of applause.
1) 0) text: MEN in tuxedos and WOMEN in gowns. Mr. Brooks is seated at one of the front tables with his wife, EMMA, also 40's.
1) 4) dialog: (even faster now) ... Taking, as He did, this sinful world as it is, not as I would have it. Trusting that He will make all things right if I surrender to His will. That I may be reasonably happy in this life, And supremely happy with Him forever in the next. Amen. The Man at the microphone raises his arms to quiet the Audience.
1) 7) dialog: Thank you all very much. The first thing I would like to say is... I don't even know how I cut my toe nails. Applause and laughter from the Audience.
1) 8) dialog: Twenty years ago when I started the Brooks Box Factory I never dreamed I would one day be standing here.
2) 3) dialog: God grant me the Serenity to accept...
2) 5) dialog: She called. She has mid terms coming up.
2) 7) dialog: We'll see.
2) 14) dialog: No.
2) 16) dialog: (over his shoulder) No, Marshall, I said 'no'!
2) 19) dialog: Nothing.
2) 21) dialog: I was thinking of what I didn't say in the speech.
2) 27) dialog: No means 'no', Marshall.
2) 29) dialog: (to Emma) The food tonight was very good, but I wasn't crazy about the dessert. Would you like to stop somewhere and get something sweet? INT. ICE CREAM PARLOR Ñ NIGHT In a booth, Mr. Brooks and Emma are sharing a Sundae. Mr. Brooks steals a look at the Arthur Murray dance class tha taking place behind the full-length windows fronting the second floor of the Building across the street.
2) 31) dialog: The Pound's a pretty sad place; if you want me to, I'll go with you.
3) 0) text: Through the door of the DRESSING AREA, Emma can be seen taking off her evening clothes. Hidden by the darkness on the other side of the bed, Mr. Brooks is hunched forward on a chair, his head in his han His bow tie is undone, but he's still wearing his Tuxedo. obvious torment, he is whispering to himself.
3) 1) dialog: ... I can't do this, I can't do this, I can't do this, please don't let me do this, God grant me the Serenity to accept the things I cannot change... In the DRESSING AREA Emma is putting on her sleep-wear. Mr. Brooks steps into doorway.
3) 2) dialog: I'm going to stay up a while, maybe go to the studio and play with some glazes.
3) 4) dialog: I thought you were wonderful tonight.
3) 6) dialog: (to himself) Don't do this, don't do this, please don't do this, don't do this, don't do, please don't do this... He passes through a screen of trees and arrives at a smal beautiful industrial-looking Building. No windows except for a narrow strip on three sides just under the edge of the roof. Mr. Brooks lets himself in with a key. INT. BUILDING Ñ NIGHT Exquisitely unique handmade handglazed bowls, vases, cups plates are scattered haphazardly on shelves and tables ar the room. This is Mr. Brooks's CERAMICS STUDIO. Mr. Brooks turns on the big industrial kiln and sets the temperature, then in a series of quick cuts changes out o his tuxedo into his work clothes which he selects from a dozen identical pairs of khaki shirts and pants hanging i closet. Below the pants and shirts are a dozen pairs of identical leather work shoes. The windbreaker he puts on is also fr dozen identical windbreakers. He takes a set of car keys off a hook next to a door whic opens into a garage. Under the light is an older model no descript Toyota. EXT. CERAMICS STUDIO Ñ NIGHT The Toyota backs into an alley and with the garage door closing behind it, pulls away. INT. TOYOTA Ñ NIGHT Marshall is up front with Mr. Brooks.
3) 11) dialog: This is the last time, Marshall. Understand me?! The very last time! EXT. RESIDENTIAL STREET Ñ NIGHT A mixture of modest houses and apartment buildings. Mr. Brooks's Toyota is parked in the semi-dark cast by a tree We rise over the car, over the trees, over the houses to other side of the block and come down to find Mr. Brooks working the lock on the side door of a small BUNGALOW. He has on surgical gloves. The pick is extracted, the handle turned. The door opens. There's a chain. Mr. Brooks removes a pair of bent rubber tipped forceps f a pocket, inserts it in the chain, pulls the door to, giv the tool a twist and gently pushes the door inward. The chain has been released. INT. BUNGALOW Ñ NIGHT Mr. Brooks quietly closes the door and holding his breath stands very still and listens. There's a faint indistinct sound coming from the recesses the house. Mr. Brooks's feet glide out of the PANTRY. Now coming slightly behind him is another pair of legs encased in da slacks. Move up; the person in the black slacks is Marshall. In the middle of the KITCHEN, the sound is now recognizab It's the moans of a Couple fucking. This disturbs Mr. Bro he hesitates. Marshall leans in and hisses fiercely in his ear.
3) 16) dialog: Hello. Both the Man and Woman jump with surprise and look. The W screams and scrabbles at the sheet to cover herself.
3) 22) dialog: (to the Woman) Be quiet and sit up. In an attempt to get away, the Woman pushes herself back against the wall. She can't take her eyes off Mr. Brooks she can't stop screaming. POP! A hole appears above her left eye. The impact of Mr. Brooks's High Velocity .22 slug bounces her head off the wall. The screaming stops. The Man opens his mouth and begins to shake. POP! The bul through his brain makes him instantly dead and he crumple onto the Girl. Mr. Brooks looks at what he's done. His nostrils flare at scent of death. Then he moves, he's got work to do. On hi way to the bed, the pistol goes into his pocket.
3) 25) dialog: (going to the window) Almost like I want to get caught, huh, Marshall?
3) 30) dialog: Yes, sir. He grabs a side of cloth in either hand and yanks the curtains closed.
3) 32) dialog: Please forgive me... Please forgive me... As we look closer at the Photographs we realize by a smea blood here and there and the distortion of the limbs that these tableaus were arranged after the Couple was killed. One by one, Mr. Brooks picks up his souvenirs. He lingers over the last image; and from where he's sitting on the e of a table:
3) 113) dialog: Hi, my name is Earl and I'm an addict. When he rejoins the circle, Marshall is there to greet hi
3) 118) dialog: I'm different Marshall, I won't argue that with you. This is the only place that has ever helped me be normal and I've been straight up until last night for the past two years. I'm not going to kill again and I'm not going to quit coming here because it upsets you.
3) 120) dialog: No. I feel good. EXT. INDUSTRIAL SECTION OF CHICAGO Ñ DAY A Cab arrives at the Front Entrance of the BROOKS BOX FACTORY, a long three story brick Building. A YOUNG WOMAN, 19, is dropped off along with an assortmen luggage and boxes. INT. BROOKS BOX FACTORY Ñ DAY It's loud. We follow a thin piece of cardboard as one mac deals it off the bottom of a stack into the maw of anothe machine. That machine prints one side of the cardboard blue. It is handed off to the third machine which cuts the flap The fourth machine folds and glues those flaps and spits piece of cardboard out onto a conveyor belt as a box. Wearing safety glasses and ear protectors along with his business suit, Mr. Brooks picks up the box and hands it t one of three similarly attired MEN, standing nearby.
3) 124) dialog: This is not the top of the line or the bottom, but for the money we're talking about this is the quality I can provide you. As Mr. Brooks talks the Men pass the box between them.
3) 125) dialog: Your packaging is the first impression your customers will have of your product...
3) 127) dialog: ... We'd love to work you with on the design. It's fun to challenge our machines. If you check around, you'll find we're not the cheapest, but we are the best. INT. RECEPTION AREA - BROOKS BOX FACTORY Ñ DAY On his way through to his office, Mr. Brooks smiles absen at a MAN waiting on the couch. The pleasant-looking Man i his early 30's, nods. Mr. Brooks stops at his SECRETARY's desk.
3) 128) dialog: Sunday, did Jane call and say she was coming?
3) 130) dialog: Hold my calls. INT. MR. BROOKS' OFFICE Ñ DAY
3) 131) dialog: (coming in) What are you doing here, Gorgeous?
3) 136) dialog: I can guess what you've done, but why don't you tell me and then I'll decide.
3) 138) dialog: Okay. Have you told your mother this?
3) 140) dialog: You'll have to tell her, I'm not going to do that for you, and then together the three of us will decide where to go from here.
3) 142) dialog: I don't know how you know that half way through your Freshman year, but...
3) 148) dialog: I know. (to Jane) I'm not hiring right now.
3) 150) dialog: That's sweet, but you're talking about emotion, not business. In fact your mother and I came very close to selling out last year.
3) 152) dialog: If we had been offered a little more money, and they may come back to us, we will sell.
3) 154) dialog: Yes? Sunday, the secretary, comes in and crossing to Mr. Brook
3) 160) dialog: What is he? A salesman?
3) 162) dialog: That's okay. She leaves. Slicing the flap of the envelope, Mr. Brooks picks up with Jane.
3) 163) dialog: Part of spending the four years in college is to... Mr. Brooks can now see the contents of the envelope. Two snapshot-size PHOTOS taken with a high speed digital camera. One shows the right side of Mr. Brooks's cheek. He is in no way identifiable, but that blur of flesh appe to be looking at the dead dance Couple. The second Photo is a clear shot of Mr. Brooks closing th curtains with the dead dance Couple behind him. Neither Mr. Brooks's voice or his face betray the enormit what he's looking at.
3) 164) dialog: ... eh... to give yourself the chance to find out who you are and what you want to do.
3) 166) dialog: Where would you live?
3) 171) dialog: Would you pay for your food, would you pay rent?
3) 173) dialog: Sunday, would you show the gentleman who gave you the envelope to the conference room, and tell him I'll meet him there and... (to Jane) What happened to the BMW?
3) 175) dialog: (to Sunday, through Intercom) And get Jane a cab. He picks up the phone and holds it out to Jane.
3) 176) dialog: Call your mother.
3) 178) dialog: If it were up to me, and I think your mother will agree with this, you should go back to school. INT. HALLWAY - BROOKS BOX FACTORY Ñ DAY Mr. Brooks comes around the corner. He's raving at Marsha who's walking beside him.
3) 179) dialog: You see all of this?! The factory, the houses, the cars, the money, the respect!!...
3) 183) dialog: ... I like them! I don't want to lose them! And then we're back to the original angle and Marshall is again in the picture.
3) 184) dialog: ... That's why I didn't want to do the dance Couple!
3) 186) dialog: What can I do for you, Mr...?
3) 188) dialog: Okay, Mr. Smith. Mr. Brooks motions him to a seat.
3) 193) dialog: (holding up the photos) Then these are the only copies of these photos and you have no others.
3) 195) dialog: How did you find me, Mr. Smith?
3) 197) dialog: Lucky me. What is it that I can help you with?
3) 200) dialog: You enjoy watching me suffer, don't you?
3) 205) dialog: Where do you think he has the other pictures?
3) 208) dialog: From the angle of these pictures... (taps the envelope) ... you live on the third floor of the apartment building across the alley from the Couple's house.
3) 210) dialog: Yes or no, Mr. Smith? Mr. Smith nods 'yes'.
3) 211) dialog: What time do you get home from work?
3) 213) dialog: You can never come here again, you can never call me. Do you understand that?
3) 218) dialog: Tomorrow night, not tonight, tomorrow night, at eight o'clock, leave your apartment and walk east. I'll pick you up.
3) 220) dialog: We're both aware of the rules, Mr. Smith, but I feel I must warn you. If it turns out that you enjoy killing, it can become very addictive. It could ruin your life.
3) 222) dialog: (looks at Marshall) Have I covered everything?
3) 224) dialog: I'll see you tomorrow night, Mr. Smith. On his way out, Mr. Smith nods. Mr. Brooks closes the doo His chin drops on his chest and he sighs.
3) 225) dialog: (under his breath) Please God, please help me find a way not to do this. EXT. DOWNTOWN CHICAGO Ñ DAY Detective Atwood comes out of the CROWD on the sidewalk a enters a Highrise. INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - LAW OFFICES Ñ DAY Atwood and her ATTORNEYS, a gray-haired Man in his 60's, an Asian Woman about the same age as Atwood are on one si of the table.
3) 253) dialog: Don't worry, if I were here to kill you, you would already be dead. The penlight leaves Mr. Smith and Mr. Brooks places it deliberately under his own chin casting long sinister sha up his face. He's sitting on the bed next to Mr. Smith.
3) 254) dialog: After you left today, I realized our friendship was a little one- sided.
3) 259) dialog: So when we meet tomorrow night would you be so kind as to bring all of the pictures and the memory card from your camera. That way we can like each other simply for who we are. If you don't show up, I will presume you've gone to the police and I will kill you. Even if I go to jail because of you, someone will find you wherever you are and kill you. The penlight goes off. There's total silence.
3) 264) dialog: (quietly) It's nice to have you home. He leaves.
4) 0) text: The early rays of the sun are moving down the tall buildi EXT. BROOKS HOUSE Ñ MORNING A garbage truck is picking up the trash. INT. BROOKS HOUSE Ñ MORNING Dressed for work and a smile on his face, Mr. Brooks come down the stairs. In the BREAKFAST ROOM, the mood is decidedly different. H Wife and Daughter are leaning against opposite walls star at the floor.
4) 1) dialog: What's wrong?
4) 8) dialog: (picking up an orange juice)
4) 11) dialog: Who's the father?
4) 17) dialog: There will be no abortion.
4) 21) text: Daddy, you are not going to tell me what to do. It's my body and I will do what I want to do with it. Mr. Brooks's eyes find Emma's. Almost imperceptibly she shakes her head 'no'. MR. BROOKS
4) 24) text: Would you really want to have a grandchild, even though I'm not married? MR. BROOKS
4) 26) text: If it means that much to you, I'll think about it. INT. GARAGE - BROOKS HOUSE Ñ MORNING Walking to the Lexus, Mr. Brooks notices Marshall waiting him on the passenger side. MR. BROOKS
4) 28) text: (flat) Pregnant's not all of it. She's hiding something bigger. Much bigger. MR. BROOKS
4) 116) text: (taking the card) I wish I could be of more help, but sorry. Watching him walk away amid the crinkle of his raincoat, Detective Atwood, maybe because of her woman's intuition maybe because she's a good cop, wonders what is in that manila envelope under his arm. The thought is gone almost as soon as it comes and she fa about to the next door. EXT. STREET Ñ NIGHT Hunched against the rain, Mr. Smith is acutely aware of t traffic. His eyes strain to see the Occupants of each pas car. He doesn't give a second thought to the older non- descript Toyota parked against the far curb. INT. TOYOTA Ñ NIGHT Mr. Brooks is in the driver's seat. Marshall is in the ba They're both tracking the progress of Mr. Smith. MR. BROOKS
4) 118) text: No, I'm telling you he wants to do this. MR. BROOKS
4) 125) dialog: They say it'll be sunny tomorrow. Mr. Smith fumbles with the buttons and zipper on his raincoat.
4) 128) dialog: The pictures and the memory card all here?
4) 130) dialog: You and I both know that not all the pictures are in here and you made a copy of the Memory Card, isn't that so?
4) 135) dialog: Yes, I do. But it's my hope that once you get to know me better you'll feel comfortable in giving me all that I've asked for.
4) 140) dialog: This is too close, Marshall, too damn close. Mr. Smith interrupts Mr. Brooks's focus on Detective Atwo card.
4) 142) dialog: We drive around until we see someone we think we might enjoy killing.
4) 148) text: Can it be someone I know? MR. BROOKS
4) 160) dialog: ... maybe I already know how to pick the locks on the house, if I don't... INT. TOYOTA Ñ NIGHT
4) 161) dialog: ... I buy one of those locks and I practice on it, same with the alarm... some I know how to bypass, some I have to study.
4) 163) dialog: No. This is your first time, you're interested. And you should be if you're... A neutral-colored PICKUP swerves out of the next lane int Mr. Brooks' lane.
4) 170) dialog: (to Mr. Smith) What about the driver of the pickup? What if we killed him?
4) 172) dialog: Do you want to kill the driver of the pickup or the owner, they may not be the same.
4) 174) dialog: Okay we'll follow until we get a look at him, or her; would it bother you to kill a woman?
4) 177) dialog: The asshole shouldn't know we've decided to follow him, or her.
5) 7) text: It's Tracy. Can you carve out some time for me tonight?... I'll be home in an hour and a half. I'll see you there. The phone is shut, the umbrella unfurled and the darkness swallows her up. EXT. MINI MART Ñ NIGHT The neutral-colored Pickup is parked in front. The DRIVER gets out. INT. TOYOTA Ñ NIGHT It has stopped at the curb just beyond the Entrance to th Mini-Mart parking lot. Mr. Brooks and Mr. Smith watch the DRIVER come around the front of another car before entering the store. The light reveals the Driver to be a tall middle-age prep guy with close cropped dark hair and dark-rimmed glasses.
5) 11) dialog: Would you recognize him if you saw his driver's license picture?
5) 13) dialog: I've memorized the license number, you write it down. When you get home go on the Internet and find out everything you can about this guy.
5) 15) dialog: No. We could, but then we wouldn't be in control. We could leave loose ends, and we both know the danger of that.
5) 18) dialog: Look at me. Mr. Smith does.
5) 19) dialog: Close your eyes. What's the number?
5) 21) dialog: Don't feel bad, I've been doing this a long time... (he points to a holder on the dash)
5) 58) dialog: We're in.
5) 63) dialog: .... Huh... her father's Gerald Atwood, why does that ring a bell?
5) 65) dialog: Not someone we killed... MBA... College of William and Mary... she's been a cop for eleven years... Married Doctor Carlson, divorced Dr. Carlson, married Jesse Vialo... restaurateur... separated from Jesse Vialo, sued for support by Jesse Vialo, seeing a shrink because of Jesse Vialo...
5) 67) dialog: She caught the Hangman, the guy that escaped the other day...
5) 69) dialog: I wonder what the deal was with her and Jesse Vialo? Mr. Brooks taps a key that minimizes Atwood's file then d it to the right hand corner. In the middle of a key strok hits him:
5) 73) text: Ahhhh... now I remember. Her father, Gerald Atwood, never did business with him but Emma and I met him a couple times, big political fundraiser. He owns or owned one of the largest insurance groups in the country and a lot of other stuff. Tap, tap, tap. Jesse Vialo's Driver's license comes up. MR. BROOKS
5) 75) text: Younger, restaurateur... (snorts) She married him on the rebound from the doctor and I'll bet he married her for her money and her connections. MR. BROOKS
5) 77) text: Wouldn't she have to declare any outside income and holdings to the Police? MR. BROOKS
5) 78) text: Hmmm... He restores Atwood's file. Tap, tap, tap, tap. Stop. The study the screen then look at each other. MR. BROOKS
5) 80) text: Why would a woman with her education and worth 60 plus million dollars and probably more to come, want to be a cop? MR. BROOKS
5) 85) text: You're such a fucking snob, Earl. You like her because she's rich. MR. BROOKS
5) 87) text: That's exactly why Atwood scares the shit out of me. She's a cop who doesn't need the money and she's looking for us. That's one fucking dangerous human being. MR. BROOKS
7) 30) text: (smiles sweetly at Snyder) Every babysitter I ever had loved me. EXT. DRUG STORE PARKING LOT Ñ NIGHT In the scattering of vehicles Mr. Brooks' Toyota is hidde plain sight in a row of cars. INT. TOYOTA Ñ NIGHT Behind the wheel, Mr. Brooks is again wearing his Pottery Throwing clothes. Mr. Smith is in the passenger seat and Marshall is leaning forward from the back. They're all focused to varying degrees on the Entrance to store. Mr. Smith raises his watch for a look at the time.
7) 35) dialog: Can you still see his pickup? Mr. Smith looks.
7) 37) dialog: This is not the kind of guy who leaves his pickup in an unguarded Lot overnight. The silence returns. All three Men idly observe an old green Pontiac convertib with a frayed top and paint peeling, come into the Lot an park two spaces away facing them. We saw this car last watching Atwood from outside the Murder House. The headlights go off. The Driver's door opens. The Woman who was with Meeks in Van steps out and hurries toward the Drug Store. She of course means nothing to Mr. Brooks but in the brie seconds the domelight is on, he catches sight of the Man the passenger seat. A memory tickles his brain. He turns to Marshall.
7) 38) dialog: Where do we know that guy from?
7) 40) dialog: That's what I have you for, Marshall.
7) 46) text: Remember that cop you like, Atwood, who's chasing us, she's the one who put him away. I think his name is Thorton Meeks. Mr. Brooks cocks his head at the vague outline of Meeks. MR. BROOKS
7) 49) text: You know what's weird? I'll bet he has all these plans of what he's going to do tonight and tomorrow and he doesn't know he will already be dead and won't be able to do any of them. Mr. Brooks nods absently. The Drug Store Manager arrives his truck. MR. BROOKS
7) 52) text: Oh, I love what you're thinking. MR. BROOKS
7) 57) text: Oh yes I do, and it's wonderfully twisted. MR. BROOKS
7) 58) text: (to Mr. Smith) I know I said we would, but I don't think it would be that much fun. Mr. Brooks starts the car and puts it in reverse. MR. SMITH
7) 59) text: So just like that, you're saying 'no', it's not going to happen. MR. BROOKS
7) 61) text: (purses his lips into a tight line) I see. Mr. Brooks casts his eyes on the license plate of the car Meeks is in. MARSHALL
7) 62) text: You get the number? MR. BROOKS
7) 63) text: I got it. EXT. DRUG STORE PARKING LOT Ñ NIGHT Mr. Brooks' Toyota leaves. INT. TOYOTA Ñ NIGHT Mr. Smith sits stiffly. His expression hasn't changed. MARSHALL
7) 64) text: Mr. Smith wants you to notice he's pouting. MR. BROOKS
7) 68) text: Yeah, I am upset. MR. BROOKS
7) 70) text: Okay, he did not make your heart beat faster. If not him, who? MR. BROOKS
7) 72) text: Do you need me to do any work on it? MR. BROOKS
7) 74) text: You see? That's my problem. That makes me feel like I'm being jerked around, Mr. Brooks. I thought it was happening last night, then it was happening tonight. And now it's "Let's see how it plays out". (MORE)
7) 79) dialog: I promise you, it will happen.
7) 81) dialog: Tomorrow night, same time. When you come out of your building, turn right, go to the first street you can go west on, I'll pick you up on that street.
7) 84) dialog: Don't you think I want to do this, Mr. Smith?
7) 91) dialog: Hi, what can I do for you? The shorter One holds up a badge.
7) 94) dialog: Jane is my daughter, what's this about?
7) 96) dialog: Is she a suspect?
7) 102) dialog: Yes... she is.
7) 104) dialog: I'm sure you would have no objection if she had an attorney present.
7) 106) dialog: If you gentlemen can wait, I will call my lawyer right now and see what we can work out.
7) 108) dialog: (opening the door wider) Would you like some coffee?
7) 111) dialog: She's not a suspect, Marshall. She may not have anything to do with it at all. Mr. Brooks opens a door. The room that is revealed is a v well equipped home GYM.
7) 115) dialog: Did Jane ever tell you that there was a murder at her school?
7) 117) dialog: Nothing? Not that a friend died or someone she knew died? Or someone in her dorm died?
7) 119) dialog: There are two Detectives downstairs, one is from Palo Alto, they want to ask her some questions about a murder that occurred shortly before she came home.
7) 121) dialog: I called Roger, he suggested a criminal attorney, they'll be here within the hour.
7) 126) dialog: Mr. Clifford, it was a pleasure. Thank you for coming on such short notice.
7) 128) dialog: Thanks again, Roger. It was a good idea to hear what they wanted to know sooner rather than later.
7) 130) dialog: Yup. He waves and re-enters the house. INT. BROOKS HOUSE Ñ DAY Mr. Brooks shuts the door and turning, finds himself face face with Emma and Jane. The Women are both worried. He and his Daughter look at each other. For a brief insta each one tries to find what they hope to find in the othe
7) 134) dialog: You did good, Kid. Your answers were clear, concise and honest. And when they tried to trip you up, it didn't work.
7) 138) dialog: Try and get some sleep. Jane bends her steps toward the stairs.
7) 139) dialog: (to Emma) I think Roger has a handle on this. He and Mr. Clifford will take care of it. Emma takes her Husband's hand and after squeezing it foll her Daughter. On the stairs Jane stops and looks back.
7) 141) dialog: I understand. Jane resumes her journey up the stairs.
7) 146) text: God grant me the Serenity to accept the things I cannot change, Courage to change the things I can, and Wisdom to know the difference... INT. KITCHEN Ñ BROOKS HOUSE - DAY With a shaky hand, Mr. Brooks raises the glass to his lip MR. BROOKS
7) 147) text: God help me. What do I do? Sitting on the island behind him Marshall waits for Mr. Brooks to gulp the glass dry. MARSHALL
7) 148) text: She did it, didn't she? MR. BROOKS
7) 150) text: What are you going to do? Mr. Brooks puts his hands over his eyes and sobs, then wi away the tears: MR. BROOKS
7) 152) text: Yes, she does. But you've always been smart about it. She was stupid. She did it because she got off on it, she did it for fun. Why didn't she think it through? A hatchet! And she left it there!! MR. BROOKS
7) 158) dialog: What does she think I think? Doesn't she remember what she told me? That the BMW was being driven across country by a friend and now right in front of me, she tells the Cops it was stolen.
7) 160) dialog: If the BMW has anything incriminating in it, I hope it was stolen or she dropped it at the bottom of a very deep lake.
7) 162) dialog: I think she thought she had gotten away with it until the Cops showed up. I should have listened to her, it was there. She was telling me. 'I didn't quit school because I was pregnant'. I should have dug deeper.
7) 164) dialog: She has what I have, Marshall. So on a very basic level, it is my fault.
7) 166) dialog: Maybe the best thing for her would be to let her go to jail.
7) 172) text: You might be right, Earl, you might be. Because you know if she's not stopped, she's going to do it again. And if she wants to take over the box business, the next victim could be you. MR. BROOKS
7) 197) dialog: I will never be sure. Remember; Sunday can neither see nor hear Marshall.
7) 199) dialog: I know it's wrong. In my heart I know it's wrong.
7) 201) dialog: That's exactly what I want to do. That's exactly what I should do. The thing is, she's my daughter and I love her. Mr. Brooks raises his head and looks at Sunday.
7) 202) dialog: I'm going home. Cancel everything for the rest of the day. I might be in tomorrow afternoon. I'll let you know about that.
7) 204) dialog: If you need me, need me, call my studio, that's where I'll be.
7) 210) text: I'll try not to bother you. The door closes behind her. INT. CERAMICS STUDIO Ñ DAY With a hidden lever, Mr. Brooks lowers casters under the and rolls it aside to reveal a Combination Safe imbedded the concrete floor. He spins the dial, opens the Safe and extracts four quadr pocketed plastic sleeves which he lines up in front of himself. Each sleeve contains a Driver's License, two Credit cards cash. The pictures on the Driver's Licenses are of Mr. Brooks, you wouldn't immediately recognize him because of the disguises. As he's trying to decide which of the four Identities wou be best for what he has in mind, Marshall comes forward t look over his shoulder. MARSHALL
7) 211) text: The thing that bothers me about this, besides the fact we're not prepared, and a multitude of other things, is what does Mr. Smith do when he's walking west tonight and you don't show up. That little freak could flip out. Mr. Brooks chooses the first sleeve and the third sleeve. other two go back into the Safe. MR. BROOKS
7) 216) dialog: Not - able - to - meet - Mr. Smith turns the page.
7) 217) dialog: - tonight - Do - it - same - Turns the page.
7) 218) dialog: - time - tomorrow - Turns the page.
7) 219) dialog: - night - Don't - be - stupid -. Mr. Smith refolds the Newspaper and throws it at the passenger seat.
7) 240) dialog: Don't - be - stupid -. Mr. Smith returns his attention to Detective Atwood.
7) 257) text: Here you are, Sir. Mr. Brooks who now looks like the Man in the picture on t third Driver's license, accepts the drink.
7) 258) dialog: Thank you. He takes a sip and resumes his gaze out the window. MR. BROOKS
7) 259) text: (almost inaudible whisper) God grant me the Serenity to accept the things I cannot change, Courage to change the things I can, and Wisdom to know the difference... The earth that he is looking at below is a long way away. EXT. REDWOOD CITY Ñ LATE AFTERNOON Come off a sign which reads: STANFORD UNIVERSITY - 2 1/2 miles to an Alamo rental car traveling south on the El Ca Real. INT. ALAMO RENTAL CAR Ñ LATE AFTERNOON In his Pottery-Throwing clothes, Mr. Brooks is behind the wheel. There's an Ace Hardware Store bag sitting upright and ope the passenger seat. We peek over the edge of the bag. A brand new hatchet with a gleaming blade sits at the bot Mr. Brooks adjusts the rearview mirror. Marshall is on th passenger side of the back seat. MR. BROOKS
8) 0) text: The Alamo Rental car carrying Mr. Brooks continues on. INT. HIGH CEILING BUNGALOW Ñ NIGHT It's dark. There's barely enough ambient light to see tha are close on the knob of the Front Door. From outside we hear the muffled sound of a Black &amp; D cordless drill and the knob begins to vibrate. Someone is drilling the lock. The sound stops. The knob turns. The door opens. A flashl is shone into our face.
9) 0) text: The gray of dawn is in the sky. EXT. O'HARE AIRPORT Ñ PRE DAWN Mr. Brooks, wearing a disguise that makes him look like t picture on the Driver's license in the first plastic slee gets into a Taxi.
10) 0) text: The Cab drops Mr. Brooks off in front of a house. Mr. Bro watches the Cab drive away and then with his Carry-On bag starts walking in the opposite direction. He turns a corn
11) 0) text: Still on foot, Mr. Brooks arrives at his non-descript Toy There are also neighborhood cars parked along the street. Brooks unlocks his car and throws his Carry-On onto the passenger seat.
12) 0) text: Mr. Brooks' Toyota speeds up an on-ramp and joins the lig traffic.
13) 0) text: From the back seat Marshall watches Mr. Brooks remove the pieces of his disguise - a wig, a mustache, glasses, and them in the Carry-On. MARSHALL
13) 1) text: How do you feel? MR. BROOKS
13) 3) text: That's understandable. You've never killed for this reason before. The feeling will go away. MR. BROOKS
13) 5) text: Number one, Mr. Smith is not smart enough to do that. Number two, there is no reason, if you're careful, to believe you will ever get caught. MR. BROOKS
13) 11) dialog: I have to end it, Marshall. One way or the other. And I think this is the best way.
14) 0) text: Mr. Brooks opens the kiln door and removes three pieces embellished with a beautiful yellow glaze. He sets them on a table then takes his Carry-On bag and places it in a ceramic trough which he puts into the kiln The door is shut. INT. KILN Ñ DAWN Flame erupts from the gas jets.
15) 0) text: The Bathroom door opens. Mr. Brooks, in his pajamas, turn out the light and crosses to the bed. Emma looks up as he pulls back the covers and gets in.
15) 2) dialog: I had ideas for pots that took too long and the clay kept winning... (he kisses her) I'll be fine.
15) 7) dialog: And there's a yellow Chinese glaze I'm trying to get right... He lays his head on the pillow and is almost instantly asleep.
16) 15) dialog: (sleepy, groggy) Huh?...
16) 21) dialog: Roger called. There was another murder last night near Stanford.
16) 23) dialog: Done the same way as the one they talked to you about. Right down to the hatchet being left at the scene. Jane can't quite conceal the tremor of surprise that ripp through her and Mr. Brooks sees it.
16) 24) dialog: They think they have a serial killer. Obviously you were here last night, so you're in the clear.
16) 26) dialog: Oh, yeah. How's the morning sickness? Do you want to ride in with me today?
16) 31) dialog: Do you love me, Jane?
16) 33) dialog: Have you decided whether or not to keep the baby?
16) 35) dialog: (nods) Okay. EXT. MR. SMITH'S CAR Ñ AFTERNOON Looking off the grill as it overtakes another car in the Fastlane. Eminem is on the stereo. The car ahead moves out of the w INT. MR. SMITH'S CAR Ñ AFTERNOON Mr. Smith is rapping along to "Cleanin' Out My Closet". H knows all the words. EXT. FREEWAY Ñ AFTERNOON With Eminem fading, we fall behind Mr. Smith. One car, tw cars. The third car is Detective Atwood's car. INT. DETECTIVE ATWOOD'S CAR Ñ AFTERNOON Atwood is driving. Snyder is in the passenger seat.
17) 0) text: It's deserted with only a small spill of light coming fro Mr. Brooks' Office.
17) 3) dialog: Yeah. He reaches into a bottom drawer and as he takes out an envelope, Marshall reads the tear-stained hand written le resting on the blotter.
17) 9) dialog: It's all planned to work out, Marshall. On the envelope he writes: For EMMA and JANE. EXT. STREET Ñ NIGHT On the sidewalk Mr. Smith is walking toward the on-coming traffic. The headlights make it difficult to tell one car from the other until they pass. That doesn't keep him fro looking for Mr. Brooks. The houses stop and he's passing a pocket park. In a dark space between the street lamps, a hand falls on Mr. Smith shoulder. He jumps and a scream squeaks out of his throat It's Mr. Brooks, in his Pottery-Throwing clothes.
17) 10) dialog: (smiles) Are you ready to rock and roll, Mr. Smith? Mr. Smith swallows hard and nods. Mr. Brooks propels him the park. INT. MR. BROOKS' CAR Ñ NIGHT Mr. Brooks is driving. Mr. Smith is in the passenger seat Both are lost in a wary silence. Abruptly from the back s
17) 12) dialog: He brought his gun. After he gets what he wants he plans to kill me.
17) 14) dialog: It has a certain logic.
17) 19) dialog: He'll need to see that to get up the courage to kill me. Marshall roars with laughter.
17) 21) dialog: Not true... and if it were, so what? (to Mr. Smith) You're goddamn great, you know. To have the balls to do this.
17) 23) dialog: Perfectly normal. INT. DETECTIVE ATWOOD'S CONDOMINIUM Ñ NIGHT Atwood is propped up in bed reading a Magazine. Her hair pulled back and her face glistens with Cold Cream. The phone rings. Should she answer it? It rings again, th again. Reluctantly she grabs the receiver.
17) 45) text: Snyder, meet me at Baffert's apartment with a Search Warrant... Listen to me, this is what you tell the judge. INT. APARTMENT BUILDING Ñ NIGHT Coming up the back STAIRS we arrive at a LANDING and make right. In front of us is Mr. Smith watching Mr. Brooks pi the deadbolt in the Service door.
17) 47) text: Put these on. INT. APARTMENT Ñ NIGHT In the middle of the large darkened KITCHEN, Mr. Brooks pauses to listen to the sounds of the Apartment. The gun with the silencer is already in his right hand. B are encased in a Ziplock bag. Beside him, Mr. Smith is wide eyed with fear and anticipation. His teeth are even chattering. MR. BROOKS
17) 53) dialog: This won't take long. Mr. Brooks and Mr. Smith come out of the Kitchen. The LIV ROOM is quite well appointed. There's a fire going in the Fireplace. The sound of a T.V. is coming from a ROOM off a HALL up ahead. That is where Mr. Brooks and Mr. Smith are headed. They're more than half way across the LIVING ROOM when DI DONG!, the doorbell rings. Mr. Smith gasps and looks beseechingly at Mr. Brooks. Wit an ounce of hurry, Mr. Brooks maneuvers him back into the shadows of the KITCHEN. The doorbell rings again. A wet spot appears in Mr. Smith's crotch and runs down hi pant leg. Pee drips onto the linoleum. A Man comes out of the Hallway. The Living Room light goe on. The Man is Jesse, Detective Atwood's estranged husband. He opens the Front Door. The Woman who comes in is Sheila, his divorce lawyer. They kiss, tongues. His hands brush over her breasts. He begins to unbutton her blouse. The kiss breaks. As he continues unbuttoning.
17) 59) text: If we go to court, best case, two, if she wants to settle, best case, three, but I would be happy with two seven. Backlit by the Fireplace, Jesse kisses her again. From the KITCHEN, Mr. Brooks and Mr. Smith watch Jesse un Sheila's slacks and dropping to his knees peel them off h legs. She steps out of them. He kisses the inside of her thighs her crotch, then standing up: JESSE
17) 115) text: (standing over him) It would be nice if you could come with me, but if you do and it goes bad, they'll burn your ass. So this never happened. EXT. FREEWAY Ñ NIGHT Mr. Brooks' car speeds under an overpass. INT. MR. BROOKS' CAR Ñ NIGHT MR. SMITH
17) 116) text: That was great! It was fantastic! It was everything I hoped it would be. Thank you. MR. BROOKS
17) 119) dialog: Yup. Mr. Smith slides a pistol from under his jacket and point at Mr. Brooks. MR. BROOKS
17) 121) text: You're smart enough to figure that out, Mr. Brooks. MR. BROOKS
17) 127) dialog: That wouldn't be very smart of me would it? He accelerates around a truck into the Fastlane. Mr. Smit can see the Exit coming up, it's quickly left behind.
17) 128) dialog: (matter of fact) Think about this. You pissed yourself back there, you left your DNA at the scene of a double homicide, and there's nothing to indicate that I was ever there. If the Cops do an analysis of that urine, and they will, you're the Thumbprint Killer.
17) 130) dialog: Yes. But what were you doing at the second murder? Mr. Smith doesn't have an answer for that.
17) 131) dialog: Let me help you with a thought. You say I forced you to come along and if I'm not here or more specifically my body is not here to say different, you might have a chance to beat the rap. Now you're probably asking yourself why I would help you. I'm tired, Mr. Smith, I'm tired of killing. But I'm an addict, I can't quit. I've tried. I can't do it on my own. So I'll let you kill me but I want you to do it smart, in a way that I disappear and my family never knows what I was.
17) 135) text: How do I do that? MR. BROOKS
17) 137) text: Why should I trust you? MR. BROOKS
17) 139) text: I don't know. You really want me to kill you? MR. BROOKS
17) 141) text: Okay... But any sudden moves and you're dead on the spot and I'll make sure your family knows what you are. MR. BROOKS
17) 148) dialog: It's locked. You don't want to climb over, do you?
17) 150) dialog: I own it.
17) 152) dialog: You always want to invest in things people can't do without. Water and cemeteries are pretty safe. He locks the gate and handing the key to Mr. Smith:
17) 156) dialog: You'll need this to get out. Now there should be an open grave around here somewhere. Let's see if we can find it. He produces a small flashlight from his pocket and off th go. INT. OLD DECO BUILDING Ñ NIGHT Repeating their arthritic performance the elevator doors open. Atwood steps out into a wide sporadically lit HALLW Peering at the numbers Atwood goes to her Left. In the middle of the Hall behind her a Couple exits a Roo and drifts to the other side of the Hall on their way to elevator. Atwood re-checks the number on the Moving Company's Work Order - 517, she's going the wrong way. She turns around. Now Atwood and the Couple are walking toward each other o opposite sides of the Hall. Atwood steps into an area of light. The reflection off her face catches the attention of the who is wearing a wide brimmed hat. He lifts his head. It's Thorton Meeks. The Woman with him was the Driver of Van. She's wearing a watchcap. Meeks gently takes his Companion's arm. They stop. Her ey go to where he's looking and then back to his. At some unspoken signal they both draw their guns. Intent on finding 517 and Baffert, the Couple hasn't registered on Atwood's radar. BANG! TWOCK! A chunk of plaster blows off the wall next t her head. Startled, Atwood winces away. BANG! The Woman fires. The slug explodes the plaster on the other side of Atwood's head. Now Atwood is turning toward them, gun in hand. Meeks fires. The bullet passes through Atwood's jacket.
17) 167) dialog: There we are. Now if I stand here... He positions himself at one end of the Grave.
17) 168) dialog: ... and you stand there, not too far away and you shoot me, I should fall straight back into the hole.
17) 173) dialog: I'm hoping you do. Mr. Brooks shuts off his light and straightens up.
17) 174) dialog: Okay, let's get this over with. Mr. Smith raises his gun and points it at Mr. Brooks's he He hesitates.
17) 175) dialog: I'll close my eyes. He does. Mr. Smith pulls the trigger. Click! Mr. Smith looks in horror at the malfunctioning gun. Mr. Brooks opens his eyes. Mr. Smith aims the gun again. Click!... Click!
17) 176) dialog: I'm sorry. As he talks he counters around until Mr. Smith is the one with his back to the open Grave.
17) 177) dialog: I really did want you to kill me. But in case at the last minute I changed my mind, I returned to your apartment and bent the firing pin on your gun. He wrenches the shovel out of a mound of waiting earth. M Smith tries to fire the gun at Mr. Brooks again.
17) 179) dialog: In fact I even brought another gun for you so you could finish me if I had decided to go through with it. He opens his jacket and shows Mr. Smith the gun.
17) 184) text: (dry mouth) If you do anything to me, if you touch one hair on my head, the Police will find the pictures of you killing that Couple. MR. BROOKS
17) 185) text: The contents of your safety deposit box, Mr. Smith, have vanished. Without warning, Mr. Brooks swings the shovel. The force the blow breaks Mr. Smith's left arm. He howls. The next blow comes almost immediately. It smashes into t left side of Mr. Smith's head. The screams stop and a misfiring set of neurons causes Mr Smith to stand up straight and wobbling, look directly at Brooks. The blood streaming down his face is black in the moonlig Mr. Brooks takes a step to the side, cocks his wrists and swings again. His full weight is behind this one. The blade of the shovel strikes Mr. Smith in the throat v nearly taking off his head. The flesh that was once Mr. S falls to the ground. MR. BROOKS
17) 188) text: It says here the Thumbprint Killer is a monster... annoys you a little bit that you can't take credit, doesn't it? MR. BROOKS
17) 190) text: Don't kid yourself, Earl, you're going to kill again. MR. BROOKS
17) 191) text: No, I'm not. I'll continue the AA meetings and I'll control it. On the other stool next to Mr. Brooks is a WOMAN. Her lar purse hangs open from the back of the stool; the cel phon clearly visible inside. Mr. Brooks looks at the phone. MR. BROOKS
17) 208) dialog: Why are you a cop? INTERCUT with Atwood.
17) 210) dialog: You're rich, you have a good education, you could have gone into your father's business, instead you went outside all of that and became successful on your own. Why?
17) 212) dialog: Did you think your husband's killing was random and I certainly didn't have to give you Meeks.
17) 214) dialog: What's the answer?
17) 216) dialog: I have a little cold. Are you going to give me the answer?
17) 221) dialog: I'll tell you if you can give me the true answer to my question. Detective Atwood weighs her options and decides to go for
17) 223) dialog: Thank you.
17) 225) dialog: Me? I'm on top of a building. Atwood and Snyder hear the click as Mr. Brooks hangs up.
17) 229) text: Honey, Earl, Earl... INT. MASTER BEDROOM Ñ BROOKS HOUSE - NIGHT Mr. Brooks is tossing in his sleep next to Emma. She has hold of his arm. EMMA
17) 230) text: Wake up, wake up... On the pillow Mr. Brooks' eyes fly open. EMMA
17) 231) text: You were having a nightmare. MR. BROOKS
17) 234) text: I'm here, go back to sleep, I'm here. Taking his hand, she lies back down. After a moment Mr. Brooks turns over on his side and looks directly at us. H lips begin to move but we can't hear what he's saying, so move in on his face. It's not until it fills our view tha can hear the words.
17) 238) dialog: ... that I may be reasonably happy in this life, And supremely happy with Him forever in the next. Amen. .... God grant me the Serenity to accept...