3) 189) dialog: (sitting) Before you get the wrong impression, Mr. Brooks, I'm not here to shake you down.
3) 194) dialog: No. I have other copies and other photos, and if something were to happen to me...
3) 196) dialog: You're 'Man of the Year', Mr. Brooks. Your picture was in the paper. If it hadn't been, I don't know what I would have done.
3) 198) dialog: I've been watching that Couple for months, they liked to make love with the blinds open. Sometimes I would take pictures, you know, visual aides for later. It was fun, it was a great way to get off; I thought, until I saw you kill them. I have to tell you I have never ever felt a rush like that ever. I know you're the Thumbprint killer, you've done this before. What I want is to go with you the next time you kill someone. And I would like that to be soon. From the end of the table, Marshall cackles a laugh.
3) 207) dialog: So do we have a deal?
3) 209) dialog: Well... eh.
3) 212) dialog: Six thirty, seven, depending on the traffic.
3) 214) dialog: Yes.
3) 219) dialog: If you're thinking of doing anything to me, Mr. Brooks...
3) 221) dialog: I want to do this.
3) 252) dialog: Ahhh!!! Ahhh!!! Ahhh!!! The beam from the penlight hits him in the face. He raise his hands to shield his eyes.
3) 260) dialog: (squeaks) Mr. Brooks?... He squints into the black.
3) 261) dialog: Mr. Brooks?... Finally he gathers the courage to extend a shaky hand. Th bedside lamp goes on. The room is empty. Cautiously Mr. S swings his legs out of bed and stands up. He forces himself to go to the door and from there curls arm around the jamb into the darkness. The HALL light is dazzling. A peek into the BATHROOM shows there is nobody there. He continues on into the LIVING ROOM. His camera equipment is on the table. The tripod is still up. There is no sign of Mr. Brooks. Mr. Smith eyes the front door. It's closed and the 'secur chain' is in place!! Another quick scan of the room. It sure seems that he's alone. He opens the front door the length of the chain and looks and down the hallway. It's empty. Slowly he closes the do Standing in the light of his LIVING ROOM, Mr. Smith is mo scared and strangely more excited than he's ever been in life.
3) 262) dialog: Wow!...
4) 98) text: Thank you for your time. A door is closed. We come to the corner and are looking d a HALLWAY at Atwood coming toward us. We move to her and arrive just as she raises her fist to knock. Before she can, the door opens and she and Mr. Smith who on his way out of his Apartment are surprised that the ot one is suddenly there. Each one takes a half step back. Phwap! The manila envelope that was wedged under Mr. Smit left arm hits the floor.
4) 102) dialog: Oh! You scared me.
4) 105) dialog: (accepting the envelope) Thank you. Through the open door, Atwood can see Mr. Smith's camera table and the collapsed tripod leaning against the wall.
4) 107) dialog: No... eh, it's kind of a hobby, I just started.
4) 109) dialog: Oh, yes in the house across the alley...
4) 111) dialog: No... I wondered that when I heard what happened, but... no. (looks at his watch) I'm sorry, I'm meeting someone and I don't want to be late. He moves into the Hallway closing the door behind him.
4) 115) text: Here's my card, if you hear anything or remember anything. MR. SMITH
4) 116) text: (taking the card) I wish I could be of more help, but sorry. Watching him walk away amid the crinkle of his raincoat, Detective Atwood, maybe because of her woman's intuition maybe because she's a good cop, wonders what is in that manila envelope under his arm. The thought is gone almost as soon as it comes and she fa about to the next door. EXT. STREET Ñ NIGHT Hunched against the rain, Mr. Smith is acutely aware of t traffic. His eyes strain to see the Occupants of each pas car. He doesn't give a second thought to the older non- descript Toyota parked against the far curb. INT. TOYOTA Ñ NIGHT Mr. Brooks is in the driver's seat. Marshall is in the ba They're both tracking the progress of Mr. Smith. MR. BROOKS
4) 120) text: Nah. Just honk. Maybe he'll get killed crossing the street and save us the mess of doing it. EXT. STREET Ñ NIGHT Honk!! Honk!! Mr. Smith looks around. He's not sure that sound was for him. But when the Toyota honks again and flashes it's lights, Mr. Smith waves and splashes to the center of the street.
4) 124) dialog: Woof! It's really coming down out there.
4) 126) dialog: I never trust those guys, when they say it's going to be clear it always rains and when they say it's going to rain, it's sunny. He comes up with the manila envelope.
4) 127) dialog: Here's what you asked for. Mr. Brooks takes it and hefts it.
4) 129) dialog: Yeah.
4) 131) dialog: But you understand my position. Mr. Brooks favors him with a wolfish smile.
4) 136) dialog: That sounds fair. Oh, I almost forgot. I thought you might be interested in this. His hand comes forward with a card.
4) 137) dialog: It's the policewoman who's looking for you. Marshall snaps forward from the back seat.
4) 141) dialog: So, what do we do now? What's the plan for the evening? Mr. Brooks slips the envelope under the seat and starts t car.
4) 143) dialog: Really? That's it? I thought you might already have someone in mind.
4) 147) text: I don't enjoy this, Mr. Smith. I do it because I'm addicted to it. And before you entered my life I had vowed I would never kill again. So this is your party, you can chose anyone you want and we'll do it together. MR. SMITH
4) 162) dialog: You don't mind me asking these questions?
4) 164) dialog: Jesus Christ!! Mr. Brooks is forced to slam on his brakes to avoid runni up the PICKUP'S tailpipe. HOONKK!!! Mr. Brooks angrily lays on the horn. The brake lights of the PICKUP flash in response causing Brooks to brake again.
4) 168) dialog: Fuck him!! It was his fault!! What an asshole!!
4) 171) dialog: Oh, fuck, yes!! I've always wanted to kill someone who fucked with me in traffic. The PICKUP makes a right onto a side street. Mr. Brooks follows.
4) 173) dialog: The driver.
4) 175) dialog: No. An asshole's an asshole. Mr. Brooks begins to slow down.
4) 176) dialog: What are you doing?
5) 7) text: It's Tracy. Can you carve out some time for me tonight?... I'll be home in an hour and a half. I'll see you there. The phone is shut, the umbrella unfurled and the darkness swallows her up. EXT. MINI MART Ñ NIGHT The neutral-colored Pickup is parked in front. The DRIVER gets out. INT. TOYOTA Ñ NIGHT It has stopped at the curb just beyond the Entrance to th Mini-Mart parking lot. Mr. Brooks and Mr. Smith watch the DRIVER come around the front of another car before entering the store. The light reveals the Driver to be a tall middle-age prep guy with close cropped dark hair and dark-rimmed glasses.
5) 12) dialog: Yeah.
5) 14) dialog: We aren't going to kill him tonight?
5) 16) dialog: (squints at the Pickup's license)
5) 20) dialog: VF... eh... Mr. Smith opens his eyes and grins sheepishly.
5) 23) dialog: (copying the number) What was your first time?
5) 27) text: You really don't want to know that much about me, Mr. Smith. INT. INDOOR POOL Ñ NIGHT The lane lines are in place. Detective Atwood is the only one in the water. Up and dow she goes with a long smooth stroke flipping the turns. Sh not swimming for pleasure, she's working out. The underwater lights cast rippling shadows on the walls ceiling and since they are the only illumination, the roo feels spooky. Atwood's fingers touch the wall. She raises her head to c her time, then takes off her goggles. Hanging onto the gutter she tries to catch her breath, lo herself under the surface, blows a lungful of bubbles, co up to face LARRY, a Man slightly younger than she is, in beautiful suit, perched on the edge of the deck looking d at her. He has a dress on a hangar over one shoulder and a pair o shoes dangling from the fingers of his other hand. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
7) 30) text: (smiles sweetly at Snyder) Every babysitter I ever had loved me. EXT. DRUG STORE PARKING LOT Ñ NIGHT In the scattering of vehicles Mr. Brooks' Toyota is hidde plain sight in a row of cars. INT. TOYOTA Ñ NIGHT Behind the wheel, Mr. Brooks is again wearing his Pottery Throwing clothes. Mr. Smith is in the passenger seat and Marshall is leaning forward from the back. They're all focused to varying degrees on the Entrance to store. Mr. Smith raises his watch for a look at the time.
7) 34) dialog: Maybe he went home with someone else.
7) 36) dialog: Uh huh.
7) 47) text: Well, well, well... What would life be without surprises? Mr. Smith who, remember, cannot hear or see Marshall, straightens up. MR. SMITH
7) 48) text: There he is! The Man they are waiting for is coming down the steps of store. On the way to his Pickup he takes off a Manager's smock. MR. SMITH
7) 50) text: I don't think I want to kill this guy. MR. SMITH
7) 58) text: (to Mr. Smith) I know I said we would, but I don't think it would be that much fun. Mr. Brooks starts the car and puts it in reverse. MR. SMITH
7) 60) text: Yes. MR. SMITH
7) 63) text: I got it. EXT. DRUG STORE PARKING LOT Ñ NIGHT Mr. Brooks' Toyota leaves. INT. TOYOTA Ñ NIGHT Mr. Smith sits stiffly. His expression hasn't changed. MARSHALL
7) 64) text: Mr. Smith wants you to notice he's pouting. MR. BROOKS
7) 67) text: I know you're upset, Mr. Smith, and I'm sorry. MR. SMITH
7) 69) text: Maybe I was a little abrupt back there, but let me explain. Finding someone you think would be fun to kill is a bit like falling in love. You meet a lot of candidates, and you like some of them and they're nice, but they're not right; and then that special one shows up and your heart beats faster and you know that's the one. The man in the pickup did not make my heart beat faster. MR. SMITH
7) 71) text: I don't know, I think I have someone in mind. MR. SMITH
7) 73) text: No, let's see how it plays out. MR. SMITH
7) 78) dialog: I feel like you're planning to back out on our deal and I don't like that feeling at all.
7) 80) dialog: When? That's what I want to know, Mr. Brooks. When?
7) 82) dialog: Okay. He gets out and with the door still open, turns back.
7) 83) dialog: I want to do this. But if it drags on too long, I could change my mind.
7) 85) dialog: Maybe you don't anymore. He shuts the door. Marshall and Mr. Brooks watch him walk away.
7) 211) text: The thing that bothers me about this, besides the fact we're not prepared, and a multitude of other things, is what does Mr. Smith do when he's walking west tonight and you don't show up. That little freak could flip out. Mr. Brooks chooses the first sleeve and the third sleeve. other two go back into the Safe. MR. BROOKS
7) 212) text: I'll take care of it on the way to the airport. EXT. FIVE STORY GLASS BUILDING Ñ DAY It's in an Industrial Park. Mr. Smith exits one of the doors and continues on into th Parking Lot to a moderately expensive foreign car sitting a space identified by a sign which reads:
7) 220) dialog: Fuck you! He inserts the key into the ignition. RAP-RAP!! There's a sudden sharp KNOCK!!, on the Driver's window.
7) 227) dialog: What do you mean? I don't have anything to tell you.
7) 229) dialog: No. Nothing.
7) 231) dialog: I don't know why you would feel that.
7) 236) dialog: No, I said I was an amateur photographer.
7) 238) dialog: No. I said my hobby was photography, not pottery.
7) 241) dialog: You are harassing me, Detective Atwood. You know very well I'm not a potter and I don't have any pictures! So my feeling is that your feeling is wrong and that you should move your car and let me go home.
7) 247) text: You have to be pretty smart for that, don't you? MR. SMITH
7) 253) text: Good. (shakes her head 'no', frustrated) Goddamit!, that guy knows something... (meaning Mr. Smith) He almost told me and then something happened. SNYDER
13) 4) text: I don't think so. It's the whole thing, Marshall. If I could find a way to just disappear, where there was absolutely no trace of me; because eventually I will get caught doing this. And it'll be very embarrassing for me and Emma and Jane. So I've been thinking... is there a way that Mr. Smith could kill me and make me disappear. MARSHALL
13) 5) text: Number one, Mr. Smith is not smart enough to do that. Number two, there is no reason, if you're careful, to believe you will ever get caught. MR. BROOKS
13) 6) text: I know I will have to plan it for Mr. Smith, but I think that's what I want to do. MARSHALL
17) 22) dialog: I'm pretty nervous but that's normal right?
17) 45) text: Snyder, meet me at Baffert's apartment with a Search Warrant... Listen to me, this is what you tell the judge. INT. APARTMENT BUILDING Ñ NIGHT Coming up the back STAIRS we arrive at a LANDING and make right. In front of us is Mr. Smith watching Mr. Brooks pi the deadbolt in the Service door.
17) 47) text: Put these on. INT. APARTMENT Ñ NIGHT In the middle of the large darkened KITCHEN, Mr. Brooks pauses to listen to the sounds of the Apartment. The gun with the silencer is already in his right hand. B are encased in a Ziplock bag. Beside him, Mr. Smith is wide eyed with fear and anticipation. His teeth are even chattering. MR. BROOKS
17) 52) dialog: I have to take a crap so bad.
17) 59) text: If we go to court, best case, two, if she wants to settle, best case, three, but I would be happy with two seven. Backlit by the Fireplace, Jesse kisses her again. From the KITCHEN, Mr. Brooks and Mr. Smith watch Jesse un Sheila's slacks and dropping to his knees peel them off h legs. She steps out of them. He kisses the inside of her thighs her crotch, then standing up: JESSE
17) 73) text: (undoing the front of her bra) I wasn't trying to be. She bops him playfully. He bends and slips a nipple into mouth. Sheila bites her lip and moans. In the KITCHEN, Mr. Smith shifts around for a better view The floor under him CRREEEKKS! In the LIVING ROOM, both Sheila and Jesse react to the so SHEILA
17) 76) text: Don't do that. INT. MR. SMITH'S APARTMENT BUILDING Ñ NIGHT Detective Atwood hurries down the HALL and out of breath, stops in front of Mr. Smith's door. She raps sharply. Wai bare three seconds and raps again. DETECTIVE ATWOOD
17) 115) text: (standing over him) It would be nice if you could come with me, but if you do and it goes bad, they'll burn your ass. So this never happened. EXT. FREEWAY Ñ NIGHT Mr. Brooks' car speeds under an overpass. INT. MR. BROOKS' CAR Ñ NIGHT MR. SMITH
17) 120) text: (feigns surprise) What are you doing?! MR. SMITH
17) 122) text: Well we're going sixty five miles an hour, Mr. Smith, if you shoot me now, there's a good chance we'll both die.
17) 126) dialog: Not now. Take the next off ramp.
17) 129) dialog: (smug) No. I still have pictures of you doing the first murder. Mr. Brooks smiles a knowing smile. Beyond him on the othe side of the Divider, cars are zipping by in the opposite direction.
17) 136) text: There's a cemetery I know about. We find an open grave, you shoot me, I fall in the grave, you shovel in just enough earth to cover me, tomorrow a casket is lowered onto me and I've disappeared. It's a good plan. What do you say?... MR. SMITH
17) 138) text: You don't have to trust me. You're the man holding the gun, you saw me put mine in the trunk. MR. SMITH
17) 140) text: Yes. MR. SMITH
17) 147) dialog: Uh uh, take your hand out real slow. Mr. Brooks does as he's told. A key dangles from his fing
17) 149) dialog: What are you doing with a key to a cemetery?
17) 151) dialog: Why do you own a cemetery? Mr. Brooks unlocks the gate and preceding Mr. Smith, goes inside.
17) 172) dialog: You don't think I have the guts to do this do you?
17) 183) text: Unfortunately for you, my daughter is pregnant and just before you pulled the trigger, I realized how much I want to see the end to that story. MR. SMITH
17) 185) text: The contents of your safety deposit box, Mr. Smith, have vanished. Without warning, Mr. Brooks swings the shovel. The force the blow breaks Mr. Smith's left arm. He howls. The next blow comes almost immediately. It smashes into t left side of Mr. Smith's head. The screams stop and a misfiring set of neurons causes Mr Smith to stand up straight and wobbling, look directly at Brooks. The blood streaming down his face is black in the moonlig Mr. Brooks takes a step to the side, cocks his wrists and swings again. His full weight is behind this one. The blade of the shovel strikes Mr. Smith in the throat v nearly taking off his head. The flesh that was once Mr. S falls to the ground. MR. BROOKS
17) 186) text: (looking down at the corpse) Before I was the Thumbprint Killer, Mr. Smith, I killed a lot of people in a lot of different ways. INT. GRAVE Ñ NIGHT Looking up. Mr. Smith's body is rolled over the edge. It falls on top of us.
17) 189) text: Anyone who is good at what they do, wants recognition. But since I'm not going to do it anymore, I'll let Mr. Smith take the credit. MARSHALL