3) 231) dialog: We told you at the beginning what we want and that hasn't changed.
3) 233) dialog: I don't know. Let's see. She holds up the front page of the Chicago Tribune. "THE HANGMAN ESCAPES" story is circled in red.
3) 234) dialog: This is the front page of yesterday's paper... (reads) 'Hangman Escapes'... eh... now, here it is... 'after torturing the young women, Thorton Meeks would hang them in public places - church steeples, balconies, Freeway overpasses'... Your client captured Mr. Meeks. This is just one example of the cases my client lived through when he was married to your client.
3) 239) dialog: But he had no idea of the mental anguish that being in close proximity to her work would cause him.
3) 244) dialog: We're quite willing to find out what a court would think that mental anguish is worth.
3) 246) dialog: (smiles) That's it! Mr. Vialo and I are leaving. (she and Jesse stand up) You've threatened my client, we're going to ask for a restraining order, and we'll see you in court.
17) 54) dialog: I called your wife's lawyer. They're thinking about the five million dollars. Jesse opens the blouse and looks at the breasts under the bra.
17) 59) text: If we go to court, best case, two, if she wants to settle, best case, three, but I would be happy with two seven. Backlit by the Fireplace, Jesse kisses her again. From the KITCHEN, Mr. Brooks and Mr. Smith watch Jesse un Sheila's slacks and dropping to his knees peel them off h legs. She steps out of them. He kisses the inside of her thighs her crotch, then standing up: JESSE
17) 61) text: I think we should hold firm for three. He shuts off the light. In the glow of the Fireplace, She removes her jacket. SHEILA
17) 62) text: Let's not be piggish, two five, two seven, would be a good deal. The T.V. goes silent. Jesse returns with a partially full glass of Champagne. He hands Sheila a glass from a side table, takes a bottle of an ice bucket and as he fills her glass: SHEILA
17) 64) text: You're late; if we want it, there's more. They clink glasses. SHEILA
17) 72) dialog: Not funny. JESSE
17) 73) text: (undoing the front of her bra) I wasn't trying to be. She bops him playfully. He bends and slips a nipple into mouth. Sheila bites her lip and moans. In the KITCHEN, Mr. Smith shifts around for a better view The floor under him CRREEEKKS! In the LIVING ROOM, both Sheila and Jesse react to the so SHEILA