10) 0) text: Behind a rope cordon with a few other people, RAY watches crew et al as they set up between takes, dry ice around. RAY'S POV: A little way off, the film’s DIRECTOR is coach JIMMY, a bored American dwarf actor, on how to creep alon tiptoe “like a 1’il mouse”. JIMMY, irritated, is forced t ape this, without enthusiasm. DIRECTOR goes off happy. JI quietly gives him the finger behind his back. END POV. RAY is THRILLED by all this dwarf/film stuff. KEN comes u
23) 0) text: RAY sitting waiting outside the tower, watching people pa Christmas stuff, his thoughts on darker things. Some way JIMMY THE DWARF passes, in normal clothes. RAY waves enthusiastically at him, smiling. JIMMY looks at him, the looks away without acknowledging. RAY loses his smile.
35) 4) dialog: It’s a jumped-up Euro-trash piece of rip-off fucking bullshit.
35) 7) dialog: She ain't my girlfriend. She’s a prostitute I just picked up.
35) 9) dialog: You just have to look in the right places. Brothels are good.
35) 11) dialog: Thank you! BARMAN serves the drinks.
35) 13) dialog: Yep. But don’t hold it against me.
35) 26) dialog: I was on a very strong horse- tranquiliser today. I wasn’t waving hello to anybody. Except, maybe, to a horse.
35) 28) dialog: Ah just horse-shit.
35) 30) dialog: Yep. But don’t hold that against me.
35) 38) dialog: Huh?
35) 40) dialog: Fuck, man, what kind of a question is that?
35) 46) dialog: There’s gonna be a war, man, I can see it. There’s gonna be a war between the blacks and between the whites. You ain't even gonna need a uniform no more. This ain't gonna be a war where you pick your side, man. Your side's already picked for ya.
35) 48) dialog: You don’t decide this shit, man. Your side’s already picked for ya.
35) 50) dialog: With the blacks, man. That’s obvious.
35) 52) dialog: The blacks.
35) 54) dialog: The blacks!
35) 56) dialog: Yeah.
35) 58) dialog: You don’t know how much shit I’ve had to take offa black midgets, man.
35) 61) dialog: Oh man. Did they get the guy who did it?
35) 65) dialog: (pause) I think you need to weigh up all your options and let your conscience decide, Ken. JIMMY goes off to do more coke. RAY comes over to KEN, observing the fleshy, debauched scene with sudden depress disdain.
35) 68) dialog: Hey! What‘’s...? SHOOTING SCRIPT - IN BRUGES - 29/12/2006 53. RAY pulls a Karate stance.
35) 70) dialog: Huh. You don’t know Karate... RAY Karate chops JIMMY’s neck. JIMMY falls to his knees i pain.
35) 71) dialog: OWWWe ee
35) 74) dialog: Hurts...
65) 0) text: RAY and CHLOE at table - staring at something in open-mou shock. RAY’S POV - it’s JIMMY the dwarf, standing staring at the dressed in the school uniform of a small boy, complete wi peaked cap, satchel and short trousers. His expression is deadpan, even as RAY and CHLOE burst out laughing. END PO SHOOTING SCRIPT - IN BRUGES ~ 29/12/2006 79. They try to stop laughing, but can’t. JIMMY stays staring them.
65) 2) dialog: Yeah, y’know, Ray, I'd find it easier to believe you and forgive you, somehow, if the two of you weren't laughing straight in my fucking face! They try to stop, but again can’t, til JIMMY eventually c only see the funny side too. He smiles, and joins them at their table.
65) 3) dialog: It’s for the goddam movie, man. Some distance away, EIRIK walks by, but as his blinded ey towards them, he doesn’t see them at all, and passes on.
67) 1) dialog: Yeah, it’s the final night’s shooting. The psycho dwarf turns out to be just a lovable little schoolboy and it was all some kinda Boschian nightmare. Yeah, kiss my ass!
67) 5) dialog: Aw shit, that’s just cocaine. That's just cocaine.
67) 9) dialog: Man, I‘m never gonna touch coke or Ketamine or Ecstasy or acid ever again. (to CHLOE) . What else have ya got, Chloe? I’m kinda... They laugh.
67) 10) dialog: Listen, we’re filming down by the Vismarkt tonight, this wild bloody endgame thing. It should actually be quite fucked up. You guys should come along.
67) 12) dialog: Obh, so that’s how it is! Well, in another life. Smiling, shaking hands, they make their goodbyes.
68) 0) text: Bell-tower in background, EIRIK remembers his keys or something and, pissed off, turns around and heads back th way he came. SHOOTING SCRIPT - IN BRUGES - 29/12/2006 83. We follow him all the way, until he gets to the bar RAY a CHLOE are at and JIMMY is walking away from. Suddenly see them, EIRIK stops dead in his tracks. CHLOE ushers him ov EIRIK edges away, then sprints for the bell-tower. RAY an CHLOE watch him go, bemused.
86) 0) text: Bleeding profusely and terribly faint, RAY walks up the s of the dock. The DRIVER tries to help him, but he says he okay, and gives him the last of his money. In the background, HARRY can be seen running along the ot side of the canal towards the nearest bridge. At the top of the steps, RAY sees distantly, through the and the snow, the arc-lights, the costumes, the cameras a the people of JIMMY’s film set. He staggers towards them.
88) 0) text: RAY slowly staggers into the middle of the misty set, whi seems to be waiting for the freezing fog to clear. All th EXTRAS are dressed in strange, nightmarish masked costume many frighteningly similar to the demons, and those terrorised by them, in Bosch’s ‘LAST JUDGEMENT’. Some hav identical bullet wound to RAY’s, who staggers through all these, dizzily, horrified. He tries to warn them of the danger from HARRY, but they don't seem to understand. A little way off, JIMMY THE DWA gets up to see what all the fuss is about, but can’t quit see through the throng of people, so tries to push his wa through them. RAY falls to his knees at one point, but gets up and stag on. HARRY finally arrives, a few feet behind him, and tak his gun back out. The EXTRAS don’t seem to be sure if thi isn’t all part of their film, somehow. RAY suddenly stops dead in his tracks, staring at somethi in front of him, horrified.
89) 0) text: CLOSE SHOT of a NEWSPAPER HEADLINE seemingly reading ’IN BRUGES’. We pull back to reveal the headline actually rea ‘THREE DIE IN BRUGES BLOODBATH’. We pull back further to reveal, beneath the headline, the photo’s of HARRY, JIMMY KEN. This whole piece of paper has been pinned to a wall. A telephone starts ringing. Sitting on his bed, his chest and stomach wrapped in bandages, is RAY, the newspaper article pinned to the wal the side of him. It’s three months since the shooting, he unshaven and sickly-looking. The phone is still ringing. He puts a couple of ice-cubes from the tray beside his be into his glass, pours some whisky in and drinks. The phon finally stops ringing. RAY gets up, still in pain, and moves across the room, passing another newspaper headline on the wall reading ‘S NO CLUES IN MURDER OF LITTLE TOBIAS’ along with a large h picture of the little boy from the church. Also pinned to wall is the LITTLE BOY’s confession note. As we see these, we hear RAY open a cupboard and take something metallic out. Phone starts ringing again. RAY sits back on the bed in t same position as before, takes another sip of whisky, and picks up the phone. He doesn't speak.