10) 16) dialog: Paul Stafford...our Lead Engineer, Mr. Webb. I think what he meant to say is that speculation, at least on our side of the equation, can be dangerous. Webb wags a finger at Stafford.
11) 1) dialog: (to Stafford) How did that feel in there, Paul? Do you think you enlightened the Administrator? Stafford has no response. AL HARRISON (CONT’D) He didn’t look enlightened to me. Harrison stops. He cleans his glasses. Addresses SAM. AL HARRISON (CONT’D) He look enlightened to you, Sam?
11) 3) dialog: And just so you know, he’s not wrong about what he said in there. You know that, right? Because now that they can get up there, a bomb will follow. That’s what happens to all our good ideas. Harrison stops again. Stands in front of a window staring something we can’t see. He’s quiet for the longest time. AL HARRISON (CONT’D) Where’s the machine?
11) 5) dialog: Any day now. What’s it called? The initials...the letters
11) 11) dialog: Space is business. I needa mathematician.
11) 13) dialog: Another request. Jesus Christ. We don’t have a single person, in this entire building, that can handle Analytic Geometry?
11) 15) dialog: Well, tell me something else, Ruth. Like we're going to find such a person, before the Russians plant a flag on the damn moon. He walks off again. Mumbling. The Team hustles after him. We stay at the window Harrison was staring into. It’s a stark white clean room. Bright...and empty.
18) 10) dialog: Stafford, why are we still losing shingles off our heat shield? Stafford damn near jumps.
18) 12) dialog: I get that. He turns to Zielinski. Dead serious. AL HARRISON (CONT’D) Well, do we need to turn our million dollar fan down, Karl?
18) 16) dialog: Of course not. That was a joke. Back to Stafford. AL HARRISON (CONT’D) Paul. If the heat shield comes off, what do you think happens to our astronaut? Stafford nods his head. AL HARRISON (CONT’D) So we’re going to come up with a solve, right?
18) 18) dialog: Ruth. What’s the status on my Computer?
18) 20) dialog: Does she know how to handle Analytic Geometry?
18) 23) dialog: Which one?
18) 25) dialog: Then give her the- (CONTINUED)
18) 29) dialog: Good. Then, I’m going to need it by the end of the day. And I’m also going to ask you to check Mr. Stafford’s math as well as others on this floor from time to time. Stafford rebuts.
18) 31) dialog: I’m sure you can, Paul. I’m sure all of you can. But if that were the case, shingles wouldn't be flying off the heat shield, now would they. Harrison walks into the center of the Task Group. AL HARRISON (CONT’D) Excuse me. I just want to be clear about something...in 14 days the Mercury 7 will be here for training and I have no doubt that they'll be asking questions about our work. Do I need to remind everyone...that we are putting a human on top of a missile and shooting him into space? It’s never been done before. And because it’s never been done...everything we do between now and then is going to matter: it’s going to matter to their wives, their kids, I believe it’s going to matter to the whole damn country. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
23) 1) dialog: Where’s that girl with those numbers?
23) 3) dialog: (to himself) We take breaks now. Harrison returns to his phone call. Katherine bursts through the main door. Ruth intercepts h
23) 7) dialog: I want those done first. Katherine startles. Harrison’s outside his office, still the phone. Then...he disappears again. Katherine inspects the stack. Shell shocked. (CONTINUED)
24) 6) dialog: And Stafford’s heat shield calcs?
24) 8) dialog: Do you know what we’re doing here?
24) 10) dialog: That's right. So you can throw that in the trash.
24) 12) dialog: I said you can throw it away. He gently takes it out of Katherine’s confused hands. AL HARRISON (CONT’D) Here. Harrison drops her report on top of a trash can overflowi with dozens of similar reports and worksheets. It’s a graveyard of obsolete work. AL HARRISON (CONT’D) It's not an insult to your work. Harrison goes back to the board. Obsessed with the number the logistics. AL HARRISON (CONT’D) It's just obsolete. That's how fast things are moving. If I said I was sorry, I'd be saying it all day. Katherine’s immobile. Floored. (CONTINUED)
24) 16) dialog: Good. Because I don’t need another smart girl with a calculator. Harrison stops abruptly, takes off his glasses. Cleans th Katherine is lost. Finally:
24) 18) dialog: Oh. Yes. Yes. Go home. He turns back to the board. Mumbles to himself.
28) 14) dialog: (lets her know it’s okay) Ruth- Too late, John Glenn’s already gone. Heading to the end o the line. The Mercury Team follows.
32) 1) dialog: No one thought to measure this thing.
32) 3) dialog: No. No, just keep going. Harrison writes a note in his pad. Dorothy walks by. Instinctively...she knows what this is. The next big thing. And the beginning of the end of human Computers.
34) 2) dialog: Whose work is that? Harrison stands outside his glass bubble. No one answers. AL HARRISON (CONT’D) I said, whose work is that?!
35) 5) dialog: And you figured that out with this? Half the data is redacted.
35) 7) dialog: You did the math.
35) 9) dialog: Then how did you know about the Atlas rocket? That’s not math. That data’s not here. Like he said, it’s classified. Harrison waves the report at her. Katherine pauses.
35) 13) dialog: Yep. There it is. He shakes his head in disbelief. AL HARRISON (CONT’D) What’s your name?
35) 15) dialog: Are you a spy, Katherine?
35) 17) dialog: Are you a Russian spy?
35) 20) dialog: All right then, we have nothing to lose here. Let’s get her everything she needs to work on Shepard’s trajectories. Without redaction. Are we clear on that? Nods and agreement. Stafford objects:
35) 22) dialog: What’s the issue, Paul? You heard her...she’s not a spy.
35) 24) dialog: You know what I think is a good idea? Harrison tosses the redacted documents in the trash. (CONTINUED)
35) 27) dialog: Darker ink. Ruth, think you could pass that along? He walks out. Ruth smiles at Katherine.
44) 1) dialog: I want to thank everyone for staying. I know it’s late and after what we just saw, I think everyone’s probably anxious to go home. But before we do, I just have to ask... how can it be that we’re in second place in a two man race? Anybody? Paul? Stafford doesn’t have the answer. Shakes his head. AL HARRISON (CONT’D) Then I think Glenn said it pretty well. They're just outworking us. And the reason I have to think that is because I refuse to believe that the Russians are smarter than us, or because they have more technology. Or that they care more. But I don’t know? Is that possible? Is it possible that it actually means more to them? Harrison walks to the middle of the room. AL HARRISON (CONT’D) We're in the fight of our lives, people. I just saw seven faces that don’t think we can get there. This isn’t some epic joyride that we’re all on together. So, as of right now, going forward, there’s only two things you need to know: one, staying late will be a fact of life. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
54) 1) dialog: Ruth, get the Cape on the line. Shepard's trajectories need to be updated. He looks over to Katherine’s desk. AL HARRISON (CONT’D) Where is she?! Ruth shrugs. Harrison, frustrated, walks off.
57) 1) dialog: Where the hell have you been? Everywhere I look you're not where I need you to be. And it's not my imagination. (CONTINUED)
57) 5) dialog: The bathroom! The damn bathroom!
57) 7) dialog: For 40 minutes a day!? What do you do in there!? We are T-minus zero here. I put a lot of faith in you. Katherine can barely speak. She whispers:
57) 9) dialog: There’s no bathroom? What do you mean there’s no bathroom for you here? Katherine can’t take it anymore. Her voice rises.
58) 0) text: BANG! BANG! BANG! The sound of hammering, tearing. A SECURITY GUARD runs down the hallway and arrives upon a scene: a crowd of TECHS and ENGINEERS block the corridor. pushes through the crowd to the front...where...Ruth hold her hand, stops him. There in front of the group: an inflamed Al Harrison, wielding a crow bar, is bashing the “Colored Restroom” sign on the wall.
58) 1) dialog: Damn thing! On the other side of the corridor...the entire West Compu Group, including Dorothy and Mary watch in wonder. Kather makes her way through, landing between them. Harrison flails away at the sign. Bang! Bang! AL HARRISON (CONT’D) For Christ’s sake! Harrison keeps at it. Rip. Bang. The sign’s holding on, with all it’s might. Imagine that. He takes a final successful WHACK! And the sign crashes to the floor. AL HARRISON (CONT’D) There you have it! No more colored restrooms. No more white restrooms. Just plain old toilets. Harrison looks over. He sees Katherine. AL HARRISON (CONT’D) Go wherever you damn well please. Preferably closer to your desk. Harrison snatches up the sign. AL HARRISON (CONT’D) At NASA we all...pee the same color! He stumbles off. Straight through the Crowd. Shock and pride and justice for all those watching. Katherine nods approval. Titles over: May 5, 1961
61) 6) dialog: Move to final countdown sequence. DOROTHY’S LIVING ROOM Dorothy, Katherine and Mary are locked on the screen. Eve the Children are quiet. Rapt.
63) 5) dialog: Yes, and I imagine he’d like us to have the math figured out beforehand. Good work, gentlemen. Go have dinner with your kids. Then let’s get back to work. Applause. The Group disperses. Harrison takes the paper from Stafford. Walks off.
68) 3) dialog: Ruth, send the tracking station coordinates to the briefing room. Ruth takes a note. Katherine hops up.
69) 5) dialog: Is there a problem?
69) 7) dialog: I’ve been wondering my whole life. Spit it out.
69) 9) dialog: This isn’t about plugging in numbers, this is about inventing the math. I think we talked about that. It doesn’t exist. (CONTINUED)
69) 16) dialog: How do Grissom’s numbers look good. Paul?
69) 18) dialog: Give Glenn's orbit a go. But you run it all through Stafford. You understand?
70) 11) dialog: So, he’s swimming. He’s floating. Goddamnit, I don’t really care. Do we have a visual? Okay. Then where’s the other chopper?! DOROTHY’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS The live TV broadcast: Splash! The helicopter drops the capsule. Too heavy, too much water. Gasps.
71) 0) text: Senate Hearing in progress. Harrison sits in front of a panel of SENATORS. SENATOR PATRICK grills Al Harrison.
71) 2) dialog: Well, let me say first that discovery is never for the sake of discovery but for the sake of human survival, gentlemen, and it will always come with risk. Whoever gets there first, will make the rules. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
71) 5) dialog: That’s been true of every civilization. And so I think the bigger question for this body to consider is: who do you want calling the shots in space? The Senators are silent. Harrison swings for the fences: AL HARRISON (CONT’D) We have to know what’s out there, Senator. If only to ensure our own survival. We have to touch the stars. And only a man can do that. We’ll get John Glenn home safely because we have to, because he has to tell us what he saw. He stops talking, the Senate Panel weighing his words.
78) 5) dialog: Paul. What’s happening here? Katherine let’s go of the report. Addresses the bigger issue:
78) 9) dialog: Why’s that?
78) 11) dialog: Why can’t she attend?
78) 16) dialog: You're not going to let this go. Are you?
78) 19) dialog: Okay, I get that part, Paul. But within these walls, who makes the rules? (CONTINUED)
78) 24) dialog: You keep quiet. Stafford, frustrated, pushes past them and into the room.
79) 1) dialog: This is Katherine Goble with our Trajectory and Launch Window Division. Her work is pertinent to today’s proceedings. No one questions Harrison. She takes a seat at the end of the table. A little mouse in this room. Harrison dives right in, dropping reports on the table. They’re passed o AL HARRISON (CONT’D) We have a confirmed launch window for Friendship 7. Let’s discuss a landing zone.
79) 8) dialog: Our capsule’s being altered daily. And we're orbiting the Earth at...what’s the speed now? Harrison looks at Stafford. Who starts frantically flippi through the report. Katherine saves him:
79) 15) dialog: We’1l be able to calculate a Go/No Go with that information.
79) 19) dialog: Katherine. Katherine is frozen. He’s serious. Harrison holds out a piece of chalk: AL HARRISON (CONT’D) Have a go at it? Katherine takes the chalk. Rises. Slowly walks to the board. All eyes on her. She stands with her back to the room. A mess they can’t see. She takes a deep breath. And puts her chalk to the board. And...the numbers churn out. She narrates:
79) 31) dialog: That’s the math we don’t have yet, gentlemen. We’re working on it. Harrison walks out. Katherine tags after him.
80) 1) dialog: What’s it gonna take to make this thing worth the price tag?
80) 3) dialog: Then get them, for crying out loud. You're the IBM man. Pull them out of the sky if you have to, but let’s get ahead of this thing. Or I’m not paying you either. Harrison walks out.
83) 2) dialog: Do you know what your job is, Paul? To find the genius among those geniuses. To pull us all up. We all get to the peak together, or we don’t get there at all. Stafford understands.
88) 0) text: Al Harrison sits at his desk, tortured. Studying. He turn to his board, the math. The camera pushes past him to the numbers.
89) 2) dialog: Maybe we're thinking about this all wrong.
89) 4) dialog: Maybe it’s not new math at all. Katherine lights up. An idea:
89) 9) dialog: For you it is. Harrison walks away. Katherine stands back and looks at t board. The digits come alive. They bounce off the drawing All she sees are the numbers now.
97) 2) dialog: Have a seat. This is serious. She obliges.
97) 4) dialog: No. There’s nothing wrong. In fact our IBM is churning out numbers in fractions of the time any human can. Present company included.
97) 6) dialog: Maybe. The thing is, the Cape is now insisting on doing all the backups down there. On site. Oh, boy.
97) 10) dialog: So, we won’t be running backups here. And truth be told, we can’t keep up with that IBM anyhow. Katherine can barely move. AL HARRISON (CONT’D) Long story short, we no longer need a computer in this department. Progress is a double edged sword. Harrison is struggling. Hard to look her in the eyes. AL HARRISON (CONT’D) Let’s have you report back to the West Group for now. We’1ll see if we can find another assignment.
97) 12) dialog: I’m sorry about this, Katherine. It’s out of my hands, if you can believe it.
99) 1) dialog: These landing coordinates don’t match yesterday's.
99) 3) dialog: Then the IBM was wrong yesterday. Or it’s wrong today.
100) 8) dialog: The IBM has been spot on up to this point, John, but we’1ll run it again, see what it comes up with.
100) 11) dialog: We’re on the same page. We’re staying on the ground until this works out our way. Stay tuned.
100) 13) dialog: The girl?
100) 15) dialog: All right. We’1ll get into it. Harrison hangs up, calls out to Sam: (CONTINUED)
106) 4) dialog: Katherine. She turns at the familiar voice. He holds up a lanyard: a special clearance badge. TRACKING CONTROL ROOM —- CONTINUOUS Harrison escorts Katherine into the room: the Engineers a control stations, the massive screens, the live feeds, tracking stations, tech details, etc. The energy. Katherine’s in awe. This is the culmination of her work.
106) 8) dialog: This is Langley. We have the coordinates confirmed.
106) 14) dialog: We can confirm the Go/No Go point for re-entry is 16.11984, -165.2356. The launch window is a go. The landing coordinates match. John Glenn answers himself.
106) 16) dialog: That's right, Colonel. Katherine did manage to calculate a few decimal points further than that hunk of metal.
106) 18) dialog: Copy that. Good luck, Friendship 7. We'll see you in the Bahamas.
107) 25) dialog: 10.5 hours to go. If we make 7 round trips. He sits down. A rare event. AL HARRISON (CONT’D) I need a coffee. Assistants scramble. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Hidden Figures - 5/9/2016 - Shooting Draft - 112 .
108) 9) dialog: What are we looking at, Stafford?
108) 18) dialog: Get Hawaii Capcom. EXT. GRAMMAR SCHOOL —- CONTINUOUS Mary’s outside her kids’ school, scanning the dozens of children for her little ones. Levi, Jr. and Carolyn Marie break through the crowd. Hug their Momma.
108) 27) dialog: Tell them not to jettison the retro- package. If the heat shield is loose, the retro-package straps might hold it in place.
108) 37) dialog: He knows. INT. DOROTHY’S CAR - CONTINUOUS Driving. Listening to the radio.
108) 46) dialog: Keep talking to him.
111) 3) dialog: Nice work, Katherine. He offers her his hand. They shake.
111) 7) dialog: You think we can get to the moon? Katherine nods, with all the certainty in the world: