5) 5) dialog: Try and turn it over! Outside, a pair of legs poke out from under the car. DOROTHY (0.S.) (CONT’D) Katherine?! DOROTHY VAUGHAN (40s) slides out from under the car. No- nonsense, brilliant, tough, mechanically gifted.
5) 6) dialog: Mary!? At the back of the car, sitting on the trunk, we find MAR JACKSON (30ish) putting on lipstick. Mary’s a spirited beauty, free-tongued, unbridled.
5) 11) dialog: That's the starter. It’s definitely the starter.
5) 13) dialog: You’re welcome to walk the 16 miles. (CONTINUED)
5) 19) dialog: No crime in a broken down car.
5) 32) dialog: We do a great deal of the calculating getting our rockets into space. He turns his attention back to Mary.
5) 36) dialog: There are quite a few women working in the Space Program, sir. She saves him the embarrassment. He looks toward the sky. Paranoid.
5) 45) dialog: That’s for certain.
5) 48) dialog: No, thank you, Officer. I think I got it, right here. Just have to bypass the starter... Dorothy ducks under the hood. Crosses the screwdriver acr the battery poles. SPARK! The engine starts. DOROTHY (CONT’D) That’a girl. We’re all set. (CONTINUED)
6) 0) text: The police car screams down the road at a million miles a hour. Dorothy’s car lunges right on its tail. INT. DOROTHY’S CAR - DAY - CONTINUOUS Mary’s driving like a mad-woman. Loving every minute of i Dorothy’s in the passenger seat, white knuckling the dashboard. And Katherine’s in the back, holding onto the ceiling. Praying.
6) 1) dialog: Slow down, Mary! You’re too close!
6) 3) dialog: Doesn’t mean you hit him in the ass!
7) 0) text: The sprawling campus of NASA: hangars, wind tunnels, rese buildings, surrounded by tall, barbed wire fences and SECURITY. The police car slows, pulls to the shoulder, as Dorothy’s speeds past. The White Cop waves them on. And our camera floats up to...
14) 0) text: The West Computing Room is a dumpy rectangle of long tabl and mismatched chairs below a “Colored Computers” sign. Dorothy stands in front of TWO DOZEN BLACK COMPUTERS, wom of all shapes and sizes, assigning the day’s work. Kather and Mary stand in back.
14) 1) dialog: Eleanor you’re with Bernie today in Data Reduction, Building 202. Ugh. (CONTINUED)
14) 5) dialog: You're welcome to join the charmers in Magnetoplasmadynamics. Eleanor hops up.
14) 7) dialog: Mary. Mary raises her hand like a school girl.
14) 9) dialog: The Mercury 7 prototype has arrived for testing. Mr. Zielinski’s requesting you...for permanent assignment. Mary can’t contain herself. This is big news.
14) 11) dialog: Get moving. Mary literally jumps to the front of the room. Takes her paperwork.
14) 13) dialog: (privately) Keep it inside, hon. The other girls... Mary tempers her boisterousness. Buttons it up.
14) 17) dialog: Mrs. Mitchell.
14) 19) dialog: Permanent or temp?
14) 21) dialog: Yes, ma’am. Katherine’s the gal for that. Vivian looks the room over. Katherine raises her hand, squirms: the Space Task Group is the ‘be all.’ DOROTHY (CONT’D) She can handle any numbers you put in front of her. Vivian sizes Katherine up.
14) 23) dialog: Mrs. Mitchell...if I could- Vivian stops. Turns back. DOROTHY (CONT’D) My application for supervisor, ma‘am. Was wondering if they’re still considering me for that position.
14) 25) dialog: I see. May I ask why?
14) 27) dialog: We need a Supervisor, ma’am. Haven't had one since Ms. Jansen got sick. Been almost a year.
14) 29) dialog: I do the work of a Supervisor. I’m in charge of the Group, like a Supervisor.
26) 0) text: Katherine pushes out a door, into the parking lot. She’s relieved to see: Dorothy and Mary leaning on the back of Dorothy’s car. Katherine smiles in relief.
26) 1) dialog: We've been waiting for hours. Next time you catch a bus. Dorothy steps into the car, starts it up. Mary holds a do open for Katherine.
26) 3) dialog: I haven't been late one day in ten years. Haven't been out sick. Haven't complained. My work’s on time. It’s done right. It’s done well.
26) 5) dialog: What’s not fair is having the responsibility of a Supervisor, but not the title or the money. Watching you all get moved on. Now don’t get me wrong, any upward movement is movement for us all. It just isn’t movement for me.
26) 7) dialog: Oh, please. You’re better with the numbers than anyone in there and you know it. Make that pencil move as fast as your mind does, you'll be fine. (CONTINUED)
26) 12) dialog: You don’t mess with, Mrs. Vaughan. Dorothy turns the music up. EXT. KATHERINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT - LATER Katherine’s tiny, single-family brick house is modest but well-appointed. She drags up the walkway, waves goodbye t Dorothy and Mary pulling off the curb. INT. KATHERINE’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS Katherine steps inside. The only light shines from the kitchen, where her mother, JOYLETTE, is doing dishes.
27) 19) dialog: I hear he’s planning on staying in the area.
27) 24) dialog: That he is. Tall. Strong. Commanding.
27) 28) dialog: I think he’s smiling over here.
27) 31) dialog: Yes, you are.
27) 34) dialog: He’s coming this way.
27) 36) dialog: Mary’s waving him over. Sure enough, Mary's waving him over.
27) 41) dialog: Hello, Colonel. I’m Dorothy Vaughan. This is Mary Jackson. I believe you met her husband, Levi. Jim nods hellos.
27) 43) dialog: And this is Katherine Goble. Jim and Katherine lock eyes. Mary blurts out:
27) 45) dialog: I’d love one. And with that, Mary and Dorothy leave Katherine alone wit Colonel Jim. He smiles at her.
28) 4) dialog: Alan Shepard. US Navy pilot. He could be the first man in space. Alan Shepard waves at the Crowd. DOROTHY (CONT’D) That’s Scott Carpenter and Walter Schirra. Also Navy pilots. Shots of the Mercury 7 intercut. DOROTHY (CONT’D) All under 5'11”, 180 lbs. IQs over 130.
28) 8) dialog: That’s John Glenn. The only Marine Corps pilot. A dashing John Glenn shakes a NASA ENGINEER’s hand. DOROTHY (CONT’D) And those three there are Airforce: Gus Grissom, Gordon Cooper and Deke Slayton. The Mercury Team lands in front of Vivian Mitchell and th East Computers. Handshakes. Ruth ends the procession.
28) 15) dialog: Sweet mother of mercy. They’re coming this way.
28) 19) dialog: The Russians certainly aren’t slowing down any. He smiles. Jokes:
31) 0) text: Dorothy’s walking down the hallway with an armload of worksheets. She turns a corner.
32) 0) text: Dorothy continues down a different, white-tiled hallway. It’s crowded with massive crates and MAINTENANCE MEN and TECHS unloading high-tech equipment. The IBM has arrived. And...it doesn’t fit in the door to white room. Lots of head scratching. A PAIR OF CARPENTERS are hacking away, sawing the door header. Harrison stands staring at the debacle. Next to him we me BILL CALHOUN, the young, overly officious IBM Supervisor.
33) 0) text: Dorothy moves toward a door: “East Computing Group.”
33) 5) dialog: It’s break time, ma’am. No trouble at all. Vivian points to a massive pile of worksheets within seve boxes.
33) 7) dialog: Sure thing, Mrs. Mitchell. Dorothy stands there, a beat too long.
33) 9) dialog: I was wondering if you knew what they’re building in the Tech Wing. Vivian considers whether to answer. Then:
33) 11) dialog: Guess that’s good for NASA. Vivian nods. Dorothy lingers. Vivian points off...
37) 0) text: Hardly an adequate dining space. Cold steel tables, wobbl wooden chairs and a small rectangular window, whereby bro bagged lunches are distributed to BLACK EMPLOYEES. Dorothy, Katherine and Mary are at the window, grabbing lunch. Mary’s admiring Katherine’s new lanyard credential
37) 4) dialog: It’s not going to matter soon. This IBM's going to put us all out of work. They walk to a table. Sit. Eat.
37) 6) dialog: Only one thing to do: learn all we can. Make ourselves valuable. Somewhere down the line a human being’s going to have to hit the buttons. Through the door, in steps Vivian Mitchell. File folder i hand.
37) 21) dialog: Sounds about right.
37) 23) dialog: I’m not going to sit here all day and listen to you complain about the way things are. Petition the court. Fight for what you want. She throws her cards down.
37) 24) dialog: But quit talking about it. Walks off. Katherine and Mary are silent. Then:
37) 29) dialog: Not one more peep about work. DOROTHY’S KITCHEN - LATER Music on the radio. The gals are tipsy. Mary’s dancing around the room. Laughing. Dorothy and Katherine are tryi to make a cake and icing. It’s a mess.
37) 30) dialog: Don’t give her any more.
37) 33) dialog: You’re as drunk as you’ve ever been. A song comes on the radio, “Twisting The Night Away” by S Cooke.
37) 37) dialog: Go on, Katherine. Go dance. Katherine obliges. Mary instructs. Dorothy joins.
38) 0) text: A Civil Rights protest in progress. DOZENS OF BLACK MEN A WOMEN holding desegregation signs march outside the Courthouse, chanting. A LINE OF WHITE POLICE OFFICERS blo the sidewalk. Levi Jackson’s smack in the middle of the fray. A POLICE rares up, knocking Levi to the ground. He bounces up, ful of fire. Turning the corner, Dorothy and her two youngest: Leonard and Kenneth (6), walk down the opposite sidewalk.
38) 2) dialog: Don’t pay attention to all that. We're not part of that trouble. Dorothy looks across the way, sees Levi in the thick of i She pulls her boys up the steps of:
40) 0) text: Dorothy’s in the middle of an aisle of reference books. Searching titles. The boys are at her feet, fussing.
40) 1) dialog: (taps Leonard on the head) I told you no fussing around. Dorothy hands them a book. DOROTHY (CONT’D) Read together. Be quiet. They do as told. Dorothy keeps searching the racks. She finds what she’s looking for, a book titled: Fortran, The Language of Computers. She pulls it off the shelf. A WHITE LIBRARIAN in the next aisle stares back at her.
40) 5) dialog: I’m not here for any trouble.
40) 7) dialog: A book.
40) 9) dialog: It doesn’t have what I’m looking for.
41) 0) text: A SECURITY GUARD escorts Dorothy and her boys, not so gen out of the library. The Guard grabs the kids’ shoulders, moving them along.
41) 1) dialog: Get your hands off my boys. Don’t touch them. She pulls her boys away from the Guard. Gathers her digni Turns back. Grits a smile. DOROTHY (CONT’D) You have a blessed day.
42) 0) text: We push past SEVERAL WHITE PASSENGERS to the back of the bus...where we find Dorothy between her boys.
42) 1) dialog: Separate and equal are two different things. Just cause it’s the way, doesn’t make it right. You understand?
42) 3) dialog: You act right, you are right. That’s for certain. Understand?
42) 8) dialog: Son, I pay taxes. And taxes pay for everything in that library. You can’t steal what you already paid for. She opens the book and starts reading to them: DOROTHY (CONT’D) Fortran is a new and exciting language used by programmers to communicate with computers... Titles over: April 12, 1961 INT. DOROTHY’S HOUSE - DAY A birthday party: Leonard Vaughan’s turning 9. The place packed with FAMILY, FRIENDS and CHILDREN. Little Leonard stands, eyes closed (making a wish) in fro of a sprinkled cake. He opens his eyes. Blows. Misses a few. Blows again, way too close.
42) 9) dialog: Cake’s already got sprinkles, baby. Doesn’t need a shower. Dorothy gives him a small hug. Everyone LAUGHS and CLAPS. Dorothy starts cutting cake. Katherine and Mary help serv At the entry: Howard opens the door for Colonel Jim Johns Holding a bouquet of flowers. Katherine’s been set up.
42) 12) dialog: Howard must have invited him.
47) 3) dialog: Let’s see what you’re made of.
50) 0) text: Dorothy’s standing at the blackboard in front of her Computing Group. Teaching Fortran, computer basics from h library book.
50) 1) dialog: The IBM 7090 Data Processing System has the ability to solve problems that cannot be solved in a lifetime of manual labor. When working at optimal capacity it is capable of over 24,000 multiplications per second. Bernie cuts in.
50) 6) dialog: It‘ll run eventually. We have to know how to program it once it does. Unless you'd rather be out of a job? “Nos” all around. The Girls re-focus.
51) 0) text: Dorothy opens the Power Control on the IBM. She inspects machine’s innards. Cross-referencing with schematics from the IBM Manual. Labeling parts out loud:
51) 1) dialog: Control console. Card reader. Card punch. Central Processor. Mother board...always a mother around somewhere.
61) 14) text: The Command Team watches the rocket shoot up into the sky DOROTHY’S LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS Katherine pushes the rocket with her words:
64) 0) text: Dorothy’s in a familiar position: deep within the IBM. Sh running a diagnostic. She moves to the control panel. JFK plays under:
64) 2) dialog: That’a girl. A VOICE catches Dorothy off guard:
64) 4) dialog: I'm with the West Computing Group. Dorothy Vaughan, sir. Bill steps up to her. Dorothy presents her NASA ID. A Tec rushes to the IBM. (CONTINUED)
64) 8) dialog: I’m sorry, sir. Just trying to be helpful. The Tech calls out:
70) 13) dialog: Get the man. Another chopper drops a cable. Grissom comes up for air. Grasps onto the line. A collective sigh of relief.
81) 0) text: Dorothy’s reading the assignment sheet. (CONTINUED)
81) 3) dialog: Me?
81) 5) dialog: What about the girls here?
81) 7) dialog: What about after “now?” Vivian shifts. Dorothy knows.
81) 9) dialog: I’m not accepting reassignment. Vivian tightens up. DOROTHY (CONT’D) Unless...I bring my ladies with me.
81) 11) dialog: We're going to need a lot of manpower to program that beast. I can’t do it alone. My gals are ready. They can do the work. Dorothy won’t budge. Vivian won’t budge.
82) 0) text: Dorothy enters the room, holding a NASA Memo.
82) 1) dialog: Ladies, we've been reassigned. (CONTINUED)
94) 0) text: Dorothy’s washing her hands, rinsing her face. It’s been long day. A toilet flushes behind her...and out walks Vivian. A fir for both of them. Sharing a bathroom. Vivian steps up to the sink beside her.
94) 1) dialog: Mrs. Mitchell.
94) 3) dialog: You're working late tonight.
94) 5) dialog: Yes. Seems to. Vivian needs a paper towel, none left on her side. Doroth hands her one. More silence. Then...
94) 7) dialog: Appears so. (CONTINUED)
94) 11) dialog: My father taught me a thing or two about mechanics.
94) 13) dialog: It is the future.
94) 15) dialog: That’s not my decision. That would be the supervisor's.
94) 17) dialog: Well. Good night, Mrs. Mitchell. Dorothy heads out. She stops,
94) 19) dialog: I know. I know you probably believe that. Dorothy smiles at her. And then she walks out. Leaving Vivian to absorb the truth of Dorothy’s words. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Hidden Figures - 5/9/2016 - Shooting Draft - 98 . EXT. KATHERINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT - LATER Katherine slugs up the walkway to her house. She waves goodbye to Dorothy and Mary pulling away. INT. KATHERINE’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM — CONTINUOUS Katherine steps in to find, Joylette (Mom,) Joylette (10, Kathy and Constance sitting at the dinner table wearing t best dresses. The table is set, the room bathed in candlelight.
97) 24) dialog: You look even more beautiful than you did back then.
97) 26) dialog: Just a little older.
99) 0) text: We pull out of the newscast on a TV to find: Dorothy, Katherine, Mary and the West Computing Gals huddled watch INT. NASA —- TRACKING CONTROL ROOM — CONTINUOUS Langley Command Central. ENGINEERS man every station. Stafford is chewing a pencil. Zielinski’s pacing. Sam brings Harrison the latest launch calculations. He sc them. Something’s off.
103) 1) dialog: Alright, give her space. Let her work. The Computers back off. Katherine takes a deep breath and digs in.
105) 0) text: Dorothy, Mary and the Computers are back in front of the Dorothy has one eye on Katherine.
107) 0) text: Dorothy, Mary and the West Group are glued to the TV.
108) 0) text: The Computers are packing up for the day. Heading home. Dorothy’s the last. She shuts off the TV. Vivian Mitchell enters. Envelope in hand, she holds it ou
108) 2) dialog: How big of a team?
108) 4) dialog: Thank you for the information, Mrs. Mitchell.
109) 0) text: Dorothy’s out of her car. Amongst the crowd. White, black united. She gets down on her knees. The Radio broadcast echoes from the dozens of cars. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Hidden Figures - 5/9/2016 - Shooting Draft - 118 .
110) 0) text: Mary’s in cap and gown, post graduation. She runs into th waiting arms of: Katherine and Dorothy. Happiest day of h life. The women celebrate, laugh. Karl Zielinski tips his hat to Mary. Smiles at her. Mary takes off her cap and throws it high into the sky. Titles over: “Mary Jackson went on to obtain her Master's degree in engineering from the University of Virginia. She became the first female engineer...of any color at NA INT. DOROTHY’S CAR - LATER Dorothy’s driving home. Titles over: “Dorothy Vaughan became the Head of Langley’ centralized Electronic Computing Group, as NASA’s first b Supervisor. In 1964 she joined the Scout Team, working to send unmanned explorers to Mars.”
111) 0) text: Dorothy’s standing in front of the mainframe, her sleeves rolled up. Vivian Mitchell walks in with a GROUP OF TRANS EMPLOYEES. Black and white. All women.
111) 2) dialog: Ladies...better roll those sleeves up. This here is manual labor. TRACKING CONTROL ROOM —- CONTINUOUS A celebration. Engineers hug each other. Cigars are lit. Somewhere champagne pops. Harrison walks over to Katherin