10) 0) text: A room packed with US MILITARY BRASS. JIM WEBB, NASA ADMINISTRATOR, a hard, powerful man, is front and center. All eyes are on the radar screen plotting the rocket’s trajectory.
10) 12) dialog: A goddamn dog! And a goddamn mannequin! Webb steps up out of his seat, the news reel plays across back. The screening room is packed with MILITARY BRASS an NASA ENGINEERS. Including: Al Harrison, Lead Engineer, PA STAFFORD, Associate Engineer, SAM TURNER, and Harrison's Secretary, RUTH.
10) 13) dialog: And then a 1.6 megaton RDS-37 thermonuclear warhead drops down in the middle of Des Moines. Harrison stands, holds up his hand. The news reel abruptl stops. Lights come up. It’s funeral wake quiet. Until, Paul Stafford speaks out of turn.
10) 15) dialog: Who the hell is he? Harrison defends his man.
10) 17) dialog: You know what’s dangerous...inaction. Inaction and indecision. The Russians have a spy satellite lapping the planet. Taking pictures of God knows what. The President is demanding an immediate response. No more delays. Alan Shepard, John Glenn, your uncle Bob. Doesn’t matter, just get us up there, Harrison. We can’t justify a space program that doesn't put anything in space. (CONTINUED)
79) 0) text: A tornado of high level testosterone: Jim Webb, MILITARY BRASS, John Glenn and the Mercury 7. Harrison, Stafford a Sam enter...Katherine in tow. A record scratch. Until:
79) 2) dialog: The Navy needs a singular landing zone. All eyes shift to the Navy Officer.
79) 12) dialog: So we have the capsule’s speed, launch window and for argument’s sake, let’s say the landing zone is The Bahamas...should be enough to figure the Go/No Go.
79) 14) dialog: We're flinging a man around the globe at 17,000 miles per hour...we need to be past theory at this point.
79) 16) dialog: When is that going to happen? Harrison considers his words. Then he looks over at Katherine. (CONTINUED)
79) 30) dialog: That’s assuming the capsule hits the re- entry point exactly. How do we insure that? Katherine doesn’t have the answer. Harrison steps in.