27) 6) dialog: Now you want to be an engineer? A female engineer. We’re Negro, baby. Ain’t no such thing. Understand it.
27) 8) dialog: The only real chance we’re gonna have is when we fight back. You can’t “apply” for freedom. Freedom is never granted to the oppressed. It’s got to be demanded. Taken.
27) 10) dialog: I tell you about interruptin’? Mary steps in, replaces the greens with mac and cheese.
27) 14) dialog: He’s gonna eat the greens too. Levi pushes the greens back on his son’s plate. LEVI JACKSON (CONT’D) Kid needs to eat vegetables. You would know that, if you were home. Mary has heard enough.
27) 16) dialog: All I’m saying, don’t play a fool. I don’t want to see you get hurt. NASA’s never given you gals your due, having another degree won’t change that. Civil rights ain't always civil. He walks off. Mary serves greens to her daughter, Carolyn Cuts her off before she can complain:
38) 0) text: A Civil Rights protest in progress. DOZENS OF BLACK MEN A WOMEN holding desegregation signs march outside the Courthouse, chanting. A LINE OF WHITE POLICE OFFICERS blo the sidewalk. Levi Jackson’s smack in the middle of the fray. A POLICE rares up, knocking Levi to the ground. He bounces up, ful of fire. Turning the corner, Dorothy and her two youngest: Leonard and Kenneth (6), walk down the opposite sidewalk.
64) 16) dialog: They need to see this. Everyone needs to see this. Mary pauses. The kids join her side. Watching in horror. Finally, Levi walks away. Grabs his coat. LEVI JACKSON (CONT’D) Sit-ins will only get you so far.
84) 3) dialog: Thought you might need these. Mary opens the box. A set of mechanical pencils. LEVI JACKSON (CONT’D) You can refill ‘em with any weight lead you want. Levi sits next to her. Demonstrates how they work. LEVI JACKSON (CONT’D) Just pull the eraser off, like this, drop the new lead down through here. Mary watches him, not the pencil. He takes her hand. LEVI JACKSON (CONT’D) You're going to make a fine engineer.
84) 7) dialog: Yes. Nobody dare stand in the way of Mary Jackson's dreams. Myself included.
84) 10) dialog: Yes, Ma’‘am. They kiss again.