70) 0) text: Ocean waves crest over the Liberty Bell 7 capsule, bobbin and down in the middle of the sea. A NEWSCASTER narrates: (CONTINUED)
70) 3) dialog: We're hearing that the Liberty Bell 7 has experienced some sort of malfunction and the capsule is now taking on water. There is no sign of Gus Grissom. A Navy recovery chopper hovers into frame. DOROTHY’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS Dorothy, Katherine and Mary are breathless in front of th TV, watching the report.
70) 6) dialog: Wait. That’s him...in the waves. Gus Grissom is out of the capsule and floating in the middle of the ocean. DOROTHY’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS A collective breath. The ladies talk to the TV.
70) 12) dialog: The helicopter cable has been cut. The Liberty Bell 7 capsule is lost. Grissom bobs up and down, reaching for help.
98) 1) dialog: ..--John Glenn, the first American to orbit the Earth. There are thousands of people here today... People scream. Wave at the camera.
105) 1) dialog: T-minus 60 minutes. All the final tests and checks are being conducted. John Glenn is ready to board the Friendship 7. Katherine scribbles furiously. She writes Azimuth Angle a a degree with multiple decimals. Then: ‘RE-ENTRY Go/No Go and numbers through the sixth decimal place.
107) 1) dialog: T-minus 10 seconds. 9. 8.
108) 22) dialog: We've just learned, the Friendship 7 is in danger of losing its heat shield. Mary and her kids, step up to the window. This is bad.
108) 26) dialog: NASA is confirming this is some sort of malfunction with the capsule’s heat shield and it may not stay in place. This doesn't look good for John Glenn, America’s hero...is in danger. TRACKING CONTROL ROOM —- CONTINUOUS Panic. Stafford’s on the phone. Harrison’s talking at him
108) 38) dialog: Without a heat shield, there’s no way for John Glenn to get back through the Earth’s atmosphere. Dorothy sees cars in the middle of the road, pulled over the shoulder, traffic stopped. Time stopped. PEOPLE are looking up to the sky. Some are on their knees: praying. Some crying. TRACKING CONTROL ROOM —- CONTINUOUS All eyes on the screens: