10) 14) dialog: Well, that’s a pretty big jump, sir. Bad move. Webb turns to Stafford.
11) 0) text: Footsteps echo off the marble floor, as Harrison walks wi Paul Stafford, Sam Turner, Ruth, and the rest of the TEAM
11) 8) dialog: International business machine. (CONTINUED)
35) 1) dialog: How did you know the Redstone couldn’t support orbital flight? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Hidden Figures - 5/9/2016 - Shooting Draft - 49 . INT. AL HARRISON’S OFFICE - DAY - LATER Stafford's pacing in front of a seated Katherine. Sam and Ruth are behind him, along with a UNIFORMED US MILITARY OFFICER.
35) 2) dialog: It’s classified information.
35) 21) dialog: Are we sure about this?
35) 23) dialog: I just don’t think it’s a good idea.
45) 0) text: Harrison picks up the phone, dials. Waits. He walks to hi window, looks out. Every single member of the Space Task Group is on the pho Quietly talking to their wives, husbands, children. Paul Stafford. Ruth. Sam Turner. And finally...Katherine Johnson. No one is leaving. MONTAGE — THE PUSH TO SHEPARD’S LAUNCH
63) 0) text: The entire Space Task Group is gathered in front of Harri and Paul Stafford. JFK's speech plays under:
63) 2) dialog: I imagine we should all thank President Kennedy for continued job security. Laughs. PAUL STAFFORD (CONT’D) Gus Grissom’s up next. Another suborbital flight with a Redstone. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
68) 0) text: Katherine’s at her desk, typing a report. INSERT TYPING: “Gus Grissom, Launch and Landing Projectio by: Paul Stafford.” She hesitates. Then adds: “and Katherine Goble.” She pull the cover page out of the typewriter and sets it on top o the full report. Harrison, Stafford, Sam and a few ENGINEERS come out of Harrison’s bubble. Passing Ruth: (CONTINUED)
69) 3) dialog: Do you have any idea what you're asking? Katherine won’t be deterred. She digs in.
69) 13) dialog: Do you know how exacting these calculations have to be?
69) 17) dialog: They appear spot on. Harrison nods his decision.
69) 20) dialog: Computers don’t author reports. Stafford rips the cover page off and hands it to Katherin Catches up to Harrison. Titles over: July 21, 1961 - Gus Grissom splashdown
70) 8) dialog: Don’t lose the damn capsule. (CONTINUED)
73) 0) text: Paul Stafford’s sitting on his desk. The Space Task Group stands all around him. He’s holding a miniature of the Mercury Capsule.
73) 1) dialog: The Redstone Rocket: went straight up. The capsule didn't have enough speed to go into orbit. It came back down. He waves the Capsule up, then back down. PAUL STAFFORD (CONT’D) Essentially it’s a triangle: Earth, suborbit, Earth. The math was known. It took Shepard, it took Grissom. It cannot take Glenn. Stafford demonstrates with the Capsule. Stopping it in mi air. PAUL STAFFORD (CONT’D) The Atlas Rocket can push us into orbit. It goes up. Delivers the capsule into an elliptical orbit. Earth's gravity keeps pulling it, but it’s going so fast that it keeps missing the Earth - that's how it stays in orbit. He arcs the model in an ellipse, around and around. (CONTINUED)
73) 5) dialog: Yes. Slowing it down at precisely the right time, by precisely the right amount is the task. She raises her hand again. Demonstrates with her pencil.
73) 7) dialog: Yes. That’s the Go/ No Go. He pulls the model closer. Tightens the orbit. PAUL STAFFORD (CONT’D) This point is a pin head. We bring him in too soon... Sam interjects:
73) 9) dialog: Too late...and he’s pushed out of Earth’s gravity. Katherine raises her hand...doesn’t wait.
73) 13) dialog: Yes. We have to be able to choose this re-entry point. The Go/No Go has to be exact. Stafford motions to Sam, who hands out data briefs. PAUL STAFFORD (CONT’D) These are the latest Redstone numbers and current capsule data. Obviously, we know the launch spot. Engineers scan the data. Harrison and Jim Webb step out of Harrison’s office PAUL STAFFORD (CONT’D) The Pentagon Briefing should illuminate where the Navy needs the recovery zone. We work backwards from there. The rest is on us. Stafford heads off in Harrison and Jim Webb’s direction. Katherine catches up to him.
75) 2) dialog: It’s all moot. We’re altering the window on the capsule.
75) 4) dialog: 6 minutes ago. The mass is changing. Start over. Katherine's irked, all her hard work...pointless.
75) 6) dialog: We've been through this, Katherine. It’s not possible. There’s no protocol for women attending.
75) 8) dialog: That’s just the way it is. He walks off. Katherine keeps her head high. Harrison clocks it all.
77) 0) text: Katherine’s at her desk typing a report. INSERT - The cover page. Typing: "Friendship 7 (John Glenn,) Launch Projections,” By Paul Stafford. Again, she adds: “and Katherine Goble.” She pulls the sheet out and slaps it on top of the rest o her report.
78) 2) dialog: I’ve told you this: Computers don’t author reports. Fix it. He shoves the report back at her. She won’t take it.
78) 4) dialog: That is not the way it works. Harrison turns back. He’s watched this long enough.
78) 12) dialog: She doesn’t have clearance, Al. Harrison nods.
78) 14) dialog: Pentagon Briefings are not for civilians. It requires the highest clearance.
78) 18) dialog: And she’s a woman. There’s no protocol for a woman attending.
79) 4) dialog: We'd like 3 possible recovery areas. (CONTINUED)
79) 13) dialog: In theory, sir.
83) 1) dialog: Today's heat shield test data, Al. Stafford walks off. Stops when:
83) 3) dialog: Yes. Well. Good night, sir. Stafford walks out. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Hidden Figures - 5/9/2016 - Shooting Draft - 92 .
89) 3) dialog: How’s that?
89) 11) dialog: That’s ancient.
92) 0) text: Once again, Katherine’s at the chalkboard. The entire surface is full of calculations. Katherine, one hand hold the textbook, the other her chalk, finishes the last bit math on the far right bottom of the board. Almost on her knees. She circles the Go/No Go. She transfers the number to a diagram of the re-entry point. She did it. Katherine puts the chalk down. Turns around. The entire Space Task Group is behind her. Staring up at the board. Paul Stafford walks up to Katherine at the board. Inspect the work. Then:
92) 1) dialog: Let’s type it up. (CONTINUED)
93) 0) text: Katherine finishes typing her report. INSERT: Friendship 7: Launch, Landing and Go/No Go Analys By: Paul Stafford. She pulls the cover page out, sets it on top of the rest her report. And walks the document over to Stafford’s des He nods a thank you. Stafford walks up to Harrison’s office. Hands him the rep and the two men talk. As Katherine puts on her coat, turn off her lamp. And walks out.
99) 2) dialog: The IBM just ran them.
108) 28) dialog: Hawaii. This is Langely... He waits. PAUL STAFFORD (CONT’D) (quietly) Oh, God. It’s got to work.
112) 0) text: The Space Task Group is all but empty. Katherine finishes typing a report: “Notes on Space Technology” by, Paul Stafford...and...Katherine Johnson. She pulls the cover p out of the typewriter, sets it on top of the rest of the manuscript. Stafford walks over, puts a cup of coffee on Katherine's desk. Picks up the report. He walks off. Katherine sips her coffee. Another day at work. FADE OUT. The end. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca