11) 0) text: Footsteps echo off the marble floor, as Harrison walks wi Paul Stafford, Sam Turner, Ruth, and the rest of the TEAM
11) 4) dialog: Any day now, Mr. Harrison.
11) 6) dialog: 
11) 12) dialog: I'll put in another request, sir.
11) 14) dialog: That’s what I’ve been told.
18) 6) dialog: (points, far off) Take the desk in the corner. I’11l get you work in a bit. She finally notices Katherine is...black. Pauses. Katheri smiles. Ruth considers her. Her strength. Her calm.
18) 7) dialog: Mr. Harrison won’t warm up to you, don’t expect it. Do your work, keep your head down.
18) 9) dialog: Go on. Get settled. Katherine walks to her station, way at the back of the ro against the wall. Puts her personals on the desk. Sits. She looks at the Engineer toiling aside her, it’s Paul Stafford. He looks at Katherine. Doesn’t smile. Just studies her. Harrison (with Zielinski) steps out of his office, eating sandwich. He barks:
18) 19) dialog: She's right in front of you, Mr. Harrison. Ruth motions to Katherine. Harrison gives her a once over Not what he expected either.
18) 21) dialog: Absolutely. And she speaks.
18) 43) dialog: Sorry, I have no idea where your bathroom is. Ruth returns to her conversation. Katherine walks away.
23) 2) dialog: On a...break.
23) 4) dialog: My God, where have you been? Are you finished yet?
23) 6) dialog: The end of the day around here was yesterday. Ruth thrusts a double stack of worksheets at Katherine. Thrice the size of the first. Harrison’s voice booms from above.
23) 10) dialog: He wants those done first. Get going. Katherine hustles back to her station. On her way, she se Harrison standing in his bubble, still on the phone, star right at her. She lands at her desk. Gathers herself. Opens the new worksheets: miles and miles of data. This will be the longest day of her life.
28) 9) dialog: Gentlemen, if we may...much to see around here. (CONTINUED)
28) 13) dialog: We have a fairly tight itinerary, Colonel.
35) 19) dialog: She’s not Russian, sir.
45) 0) text: Harrison picks up the phone, dials. Waits. He walks to hi window, looks out. Every single member of the Space Task Group is on the pho Quietly talking to their wives, husbands, children. Paul Stafford. Ruth. Sam Turner. And finally...Katherine Johnson. No one is leaving. MONTAGE — THE PUSH TO SHEPARD’S LAUNCH
57) 0) text: Katherine’s soaked like a wet rat. She walks back to her desk. Stafford’s staring at her. Ruth’s staring at her. The whole damn place seems to be staring at her.
58) 0) text: BANG! BANG! BANG! The sound of hammering, tearing. A SECURITY GUARD runs down the hallway and arrives upon a scene: a crowd of TECHS and ENGINEERS block the corridor. pushes through the crowd to the front...where...Ruth hold her hand, stops him. There in front of the group: an inflamed Al Harrison, wielding a crow bar, is bashing the “Colored Restroom” sign on the wall.
68) 0) text: Katherine’s at her desk, typing a report. INSERT TYPING: “Gus Grissom, Launch and Landing Projectio by: Paul Stafford.” She hesitates. Then adds: “and Katherine Goble.” She pull the cover page out of the typewriter and sets it on top o the full report. Harrison, Stafford, Sam and a few ENGINEERS come out of Harrison’s bubble. Passing Ruth: (CONTINUED)
97) 14) dialog: Katherine... She holds out the box.
97) 15) dialog: Heard you got engaged.
97) 20) dialog: Mr. Harrison's idea really. Beats the fake ones, that’s for certain. Katherine’s holding back a flood of tears. Ruth rambles:
97) 21) dialog: Although I suspect his wife did the picking out. I can’t imagine he has an eye for such things... As Ruth carries on, Katherine takes it all in: the Space Group bustles around her. Never stopping. Never slowing down. Stafford is at the board, conferring with Other Engineers.
97) 22) dialog: Now you have a great wedding. You did good work around here. Katherine looks up at Harrison’s bubble. He’s on the phon He makes eye contact with her. Nods a thank you. INT. MCCLEAN BAPTIST CHURCH —- ANOTHER DAY Katherine’s standing in front of a mirror, adjusting the pearl necklace. She studies it in the reflection. We pull out to reveal...she’s dressed in white. Immaculate. Her wedding day. Dorothy and Mary join her in the reflection.