11) 0) text: Footsteps echo off the marble floor, as Harrison walks wi Paul Stafford, Sam Turner, Ruth, and the rest of the TEAM
11) 2) dialog: Not particularly. Paul nods. Harrison walks away. The Team keeps up.
18) 0) text: Katherine steps into a cyclone of activity and stress. ENGINEERS chalk equations on blackboards, slug coffee. AI and SUPPORT STAFF scurry, answer phones. This is the Spac Task Group: the world’s most exclusive scientific club. At the back of the room, Harrison paces in his glass bubb talking with Karl Zielinski. For the briefest moment, everyone seems to be looking at black woman who just entered their world. But it’s just a passing moment, there’s far too much to do. Engineer Sam Turner hands Katherine a trash can.
18) 1) dialog: This wasn’t emptied last night.
35) 3) dialog: It’s top secret. Across from them is a distressed Katherine.
45) 0) text: Harrison picks up the phone, dials. Waits. He walks to hi window, looks out. Every single member of the Space Task Group is on the pho Quietly talking to their wives, husbands, children. Paul Stafford. Ruth. Sam Turner. And finally...Katherine Johnson. No one is leaving. MONTAGE — THE PUSH TO SHEPARD’S LAUNCH
68) 0) text: Katherine’s at her desk, typing a report. INSERT TYPING: “Gus Grissom, Launch and Landing Projectio by: Paul Stafford.” She hesitates. Then adds: “and Katherine Goble.” She pull the cover page out of the typewriter and sets it on top o the full report. Harrison, Stafford, Sam and a few ENGINEERS come out of Harrison’s bubble. Passing Ruth: (CONTINUED)
73) 8) dialog: He burns up on reentry. Stafford completes.
75) 0) text: Harrison, Stafford, Sam and Team are walking to the Penta briefing. Katherine catches up to them, report in hand:
78) 0) text: A familiar site: Harrison, Stafford, Sam and Team are wal to the daily briefing. Katherine intercepts:
79) 0) text: A tornado of high level testosterone: Jim Webb, MILITARY BRASS, John Glenn and the Mercury 7. Harrison, Stafford a Sam enter...Katherine in tow. A record scratch. Until:
89) 0) text: Katherine's back at the board in front of a chalked drawi of the capsule’s orbits. Stafford’s sitting on the desk behind her. Sam and other Team Members wrap around.
99) 0) text: We pull out of the newscast on a TV to find: Dorothy, Katherine, Mary and the West Computing Gals huddled watch INT. NASA —- TRACKING CONTROL ROOM — CONTINUOUS Langley Command Central. ENGINEERS man every station. Stafford is chewing a pencil. Zielinski’s pacing. Sam brings Harrison the latest launch calculations. He sc them. Something’s off.
100) 19) dialog: Yes, sir. The Assistant Engineer rushes off.
101) 0) text: Sam runs off toward the West Campus, lugging worksheets.
102) 0) text: Sam barrels into the room. All heads turn his way.
102) 1) dialog: I’m looking for Katherine Goble?! Katherine holds up her hand. Like a student.
102) 3) dialog: They need you to verify these. He holds out the data.
106) 0) text: Katherine and Sam run. Katherine turns sharply, she knows the inside track. Sam catches up.
106) 1) text: Katherine and Sam race toward the Tracking Control Room. NASA EMPLOYEES jump out of the way. Sam wraps on the door Bang! Bang! Bang!
106) 5) dialog: (calls out to Harrison) Sir, we've got Pad 14 at the Cape on the line. Harrison hits a button on the intercom. (CONTINUED)