14) 18) dialog: We’re on double time this mornin’, girls. I need these calculations before lunch. Vivian's Assistant dumps the workload on the table. Thud. Vivian hands Dorothy an assignment sheet. VIVIAN MITCHELL (CONT’D) The Space Task Group needs a computer ASAP. Someone with a handle on Analytic Geometry. Much to my chagrin, we can’t fill the position outta the East Group.
14) 20) dialog: Everything's temporary, Dorothy. You have someone? Dorothy doesn't hesitate:
14) 22) dialog: I’ll check her credentials. And with that, Vivian swoops off. Assistant behind her. VIVIAN MITCHELL (CONT’D) Didn't think of comin’ all the way down here. They exit. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Hidden Figures - 5/9/2016 - Shooting Draft - 17 . THE WEST HALLWAY —- MOMENTS LATER Vivian and her Assistant walk away from the Computing Roo Dorothy comes out, catches up.
14) 24) dialog: Yes. Well, the official word is: no. They're not assignin’ a permanent supervisor to the Colored Group. Dorothy is sunk.
14) 26) dialog: I don’t know “why.” I didn’t ask “why.”
14) 28) dialog: Things are workin’ just fine as is, Dorothy.
14) 30) dialog: That's NASA, for ya. Fast with rocket ships. Slow with advancement. (changes the subject) Get those trajectories calcs worked out. We need ‘em for the Redstone test. Vivian walks off. Dorothy simmers inside. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Hidden Figures - 5/9/2016 - Shooting Draft - 18 .
17) 0) text: Vivian Mitchell leads Katherine down an endless white hallway. Briefing her:
17) 1) dialog: Skirts must be worn past the knee. Sweaters are preferred to blouses. No jewelry. A simple pearl necklace is the exception. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
17) 4) dialog: Your supervisor is Mr. Al Harrison, Director of the Space Task Group. You’ll write research, proof calculations, so forth. Don’t talk to Mr. Harrison lest he talks to you. Not many Computers last more than a few days, he’s been through a dozen in as many months. (hands her a lanyard) Your clearance. Katherine takes the lanyard. She’s overwhelmed. They arri at steel doors labeled: Space Task Group. VIVIAN MITCHELL (CONT’D) They've never had a colored in here before, Katherine. Don’t embarrass me. Vivian walks off, leaving Katherine alone. She takes a de breath. Walks into her future.
33) 4) dialog: Our runner can pick up your work, Dorothy. You need to be workin’, not walkin’. Dorothy puts worksheets in a box next to Vivian's desk.
33) 6) dialog: Since you made the trip...you can take that batch over there.
33) 8) dialog: You need somethin’ else?
33) 10) dialog: It’s called an IBM. A mainframe machine. Apparently, it can do our calculations in a fraction-a the time. A knowing moment for both of them.
33) 12) dialog: Hurry on, now. Best if you do it in one trip. Vivian returns to her work. Dorothy heads to the boxes. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Hidden Figures - 5/9/2016 - Shooting Draft - 48 .
37) 11) dialog: NASA doesn’t commission females for the Engineer Trainin’ Program. Mary ruffles up.
37) 13) dialog: Right. ‘Cept you don’t have the educational requirements.
37) 15) dialog: We now require advanced extension courses through the University of Virginia. It’s in the Employee Handbook. An addendum. She slides a copy on the table. VIVIAN MITCHELL (CONT’D) ‘Case you haven’t read it. Mary can’t control her frustration.
37) 17) dialog: I just follow the rules around here. And I expect those who work for me to follow ‘em as well. There are no special circumstances for anyone. Ya’ll should be thankful you have jobs at all. Vivian walks off. Steamed. Mary pushes her lunch aside. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Hidden Figures - 5/9/2016 - Shooting Draft - 53 . INT. DOROTHY’S HOUSE - ANOTHER DAY The living room. Dorothy and Katherine are playing Bridge Mary’s on fire. Bouncing around the room. Reading the NAS Handbook Addendum.
81) 4) dialog: Temporarily. Yes. We need the IBM for Glenn's launch. The Lead Engineer says you're good with the cards, programming and such.
81) 6) dialog: Human computers can’t calculate an orbital flight in the time we have. They’1l stay put for now.
81) 8) dialog: After the Glenn launch, NASA’s dissolvin’ the Computing Groups. Dorothy thinks it over. She hands the assignment back, dr a line:
81) 10) dialog: Excuse me?
94) 2) dialog: Dorothy. Cold silence. Then...
94) 4) dialog: Seems to always happen that way.
94) 6) dialog: I hear the IBM is at full capacity.
94) 10) dialog: You certainly have a knack for it.
94) 12) dialog: You know, I have a few girls in the East Group who have an interest in knowin’ more about it.
94) 14) dialog: I may bring ‘em by, if it’s all the same to you.
94) 16) dialog: Yes. That’s true. Dorothy finishes up.
94) 18) dialog: You know, Dorothy... turns. VIVIAN MITCHELL (CONT’D) Despite what you may think...I have nothin’ against ya’ll. Dorothy takes this in. Then:
108) 0) text: The Computers are packing up for the day. Heading home. Dorothy’s the last. She shuts off the TV. Vivian Mitchell enters. Envelope in hand, she holds it ou
108) 1) dialog: New assignment came down the pike. Dorothy takes the envelope. Doesn't want to open it. VIVIAN MITCHELL (CONT’D) Always changin’ ‘round here. Hard to keep up. Dorothy opens the envelope. Reads. Poker-faced. She looks up to Vivian. VIVIAN MITCHELL (CONT’D) Seems like they’re gonna need a permanent team to feed that IBM.
108) 3) dialog: 30 to start. They stare at each other for the longest time. An understanding between them. Some growth. But mostly...respect.
108) 5) dialog: You're quite welcome...Mrs. Vaughan. Mrs. Vaughan? Yes. She called her Mrs. Vaughan. Vivian walks out. Dorothy opens the letter and re-reads: INSERT - Dorothy Vaughan, Transfer Assignment to: IBM Computing Lab. Position: Supervisor. She walks to the door. Turns back. Takes one last look at her old digs: the adding machines, the mismatched desks.. finally the “Colored Computers” sign. And...she shuts off the lights. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Hidden Figures - 5/9/2016 - Shooting Draft - 113 . TRACKING CONTROL ROOM —- CONTINUOUS Harrison's drinking coffee. Katherine’s sitting in a chai Stafford is talking to TECHS. Zielinski’s eating a sandwi Suddenly, a warning light blinks red.
111) 0) text: Dorothy’s standing in front of the mainframe, her sleeves rolled up. Vivian Mitchell walks in with a GROUP OF TRANS EMPLOYEES. Black and white. All women.
111) 1) dialog: Girls. This is Mrs. Vaughan. Your supervisor. She’1ll show you how things work. Dorothy looks over her new employees.