0) 32) dialog: Please, Master, don’t send me away. Petronius is visibly upset by her disobedience. Vinicius turns down the offer by shaking his head and turning his back to them as an Ethiopian slave presents a bowl of oils for Petronius to rinse his hands.
0) 35) text: the Plautiuses? What do you say we pay them a visit? After they exit, the slaves pick up all the baskets and bowls and leave. Eunice looks around and when she sees no one is looking s runs up to the statue of Petronius, stands on her toes an lightly kisses him on the lips.
0) 118) dialog: Master, I found the man that you’re looking for and who is looking for you. From behind Eunice appears a clumsy figure of an old man a torn coat, who bows and mutters. CHILON CHILONIDES. 19.
0) 253) dialog: Oh no! Please don’t do any such thing, Master. Eunice approaches him from behind as he continues to look her in the large brass mirror.
0) 255) dialog: You are my life, my Lord. 36.
0) 257) dialog: Love is not jealous or boastful, is not borne up by pride. Eunice looks into his eyes and then he sees what kind of innocent soul hides behind her beautiful face. He reaches out towards her with his hand but doesn’t touch her, as he were scared to touch such beauty. He motions to her to come closer.
0) 259) dialog: Love bears every kind of suffering, believes all things, sees hope everywhere, endures everything.
0) 261) dialog: Love never dies.
0) 424) dialog: Vinicius was waiting for you! He wanted to say goodbye. This very day, he departs with Lygia for Sicily. embraces her affectionately.
0) 426) dialog: Where you go, Master, there I go.
0) 428) dialog: Take me with you. Petronius strokes her golden hair and with his arm around her they both enter the house. From inside can be heard their voices, interrupted by Eunice’s laughter, as if they were children playing.
0) 430) dialog: Eunice belongs to you.
0) 565) dialog: Oh, yes. Surely. They were carried on the wings of love.
0) 567) dialog: Finally, Master, I’1l have you at my side, forever.
0) 569) dialog: Where we are going now, we won’t lack anything! The camera goes on, floating, leaving the bodies of the people below and flows over the Petronius Palace gardens. Suddenly, there is a white pigeon taking flight. The came follows him.