0) 40) text: It’s not Nero, but God who rules the world. Petronius turns towards Vinicius. Vinicius is standing as still as a statue, staring at the place where Lygia left room.
0) 85) dialog: Is this the beauty that Vinicius loves so much? Tigellinus leans over to Caesar and whispers in his ear.
0) 88) dialog: Yes, missed. Too narrow in the hips. Petronius releases a sigh of relief as Tigellinus sends h a deadly stare.
0) 92) dialog: This is a woman with five heads. I’1l get rid of at least four of them. Her hairdressers cost me too much. Poppea can’t hide the anger on her face but duly takes place next to her husband as thousands of red rose pedals fall from the ceiling. She mutters under her breath.
0) 105) dialog: Silence Fool! My mother was Agrippina, a cursed woman... A gloomy expression appears on Nero’s face.
0) 106) dialog: I had no choice; I had to sentence her to death, because she sent an assassin to murder me. If I hadn’t acted quicker than her, you would not have heard me singing today. Tigellinus, wanting to calm Caesar’s anger, yells out w excitement in his face as he raises a glass of wine.
0) 284) dialog: And so Troy burns, burns, burns... Nero, with a zither in his hands plays the last two chord pathetically picking at the strings as he leans against a rail under a blood red sunset. The groan of the zither endlessly prolongs the last notes Nero’s poem. He looks around at Petronius, Vinicius, Poppea and Tigellinus with an expression of boundless pride. Tigellinus claps his hands with an idiotic smile as he no his head, as if he was agreeing with what he had just hea
0) 285) dialog: What do you say? Did you see the fire that consumes Troy? Tigellinus, you first - what do you think of my description. Nero is surrounded by Petronius, Vinicius, Poppea and Tigellinus. Servants move around silently in the backgrou Nero has just finished reading a poem, now he proudly coc his head and looks at those present. Tigellinus claps his hands in appreciation and nods. 40.
0) 287) dialog: Amazing? Tigellinus! But was it true? Did you feel the fire burn your hands?! Tigellinus stutters like a pupil in front of the blackboa
0) 289) dialog: Clear the tables. Augusta is choking. Two servants instantly bring out trays and bowls. Meanwhile, Nero looks at Petronius intensely. Petronius withstands the long stare, and after a long pau pronounces his judgment.
0) 291) dialog: What do you find so wrong in my description of the fire, Petronius, that you would have the fire consume it?
0) 293) dialog: It burnt Tigellinus.
0) 295) dialog: It’s true. The gods gave me talent. That is why I am sharing it with you.
0) 297) dialog: Tigellinus has the mind of a mouse and skin thin as a woman’s. Come back tomorrow, Petronius, and you will die in the flames. Tigellinus’s face blackens with anger.
0) 298) dialog: As a sculptor seeks his model, so I need to see a real fire.
0) 300) dialog: What is Antium for Caesar!
0) 312) dialog: What are you saying, Petronius? Have the stanzas of my poem made such an impression on you?
0) 314) dialog: What have you to say about my fire - you’ve felt the fire of battle? Vinicius freezes, not knowing what to say in response to Nero. Tigellinus takes advantage.
0) 317) dialog: Then you shall die, Vinicius, if you don’t tell me whether you’d prefer to receive a poem or a horse from me? Petronius is bitterly silenced. 44.
0) 319) dialog: Bring me my horse! He turns to Petronius.
0) 320) dialog: They think me a monster ... they call me matricidal, they are jealous of my talent. The burden of Magnitude is hard to bear. You alone understand me - the Artist! He puts his hand on Petronius’s shoulder. Tigellinus as always looks on their relationship with jealousy. The servants bring along his horse beneath the terrace.
0) 321) dialog: And I do so like to make people happy. Vinicius - the steed is yours! Confused, Vinicius looks at Petronius. Petronius nods reassuringly, implying that you can’t refuse Nero. Footsteps on the terrace approach from behind. Nero turns around. Faon, the freedman falls to his knees in front of Nero.
0) 323) dialog: Ye Gods! At last I shall see a burning city and finish my poem! 45.
0) 325) dialog: Tigellinus. Will I be in time to see the fire? The face of Tigellinus shows great excitement as he savor Nero’s every word.
0) 340) dialog: Oh star of my ancestors, dear birthplace ... Oh star of my ancestors, dear birthplace... After these few words, he throws the zither into a gap in the aqueduct where it smashes among the crowd below. Nero wraps himself in his robe and stands in statuesque pose. A sinister howl comes from the crowd down below.
0) 342) dialog: This is how the people appreciate me and my poetry. Tigellinus comes up beside him.
0) 345) dialog: Would you have the divine Caesar speak to the rabble? Nero stares at Tigellinus.
0) 346) dialog: You go down to them! Tigellinus lowers his head in silence. 48.
0) 348) dialog: Yes, you my most faithful ... Go and lavish promises on them!
0) 352) dialog: ...And you scum...
0) 354) dialog: ...as soon as we’re done with the show...
0) 356) dialog: ...just don’t throw any garbage around or bring your goats...
0) 358) dialog: ...fill your bellies till you choke...
0) 360) dialog: and will never see again...
0) 362) dialog: ...Rome has burnt to the ground - long live Rome!
0) 392) dialog: They have enough grain and oil, what more do they want?
0) 394) dialog: And vengeance requires a victim, Tigellinus. You must go out to them and admit it was you who set fire to Rome. 53. Tigellinus looks petrified. After a moment he looks at Nero’s with defiance.
0) 406) dialog: It’s getting nasty. We had better make our escape to Hellas. Caesar walks over to Tigellinus.
0) 408) dialog: If I so desire, I can turn the people against you.
0) 410) dialog: You played your part in it.
0) 414) dialog: What did this poor city do to deserve such a crime ... at their hands? And what is Rome to do now, with these beasts? Poppea walks up to the emperor.
0) 417) dialog: What punishment and torment fits such a crime? Petronius comes out of the shadows, silently and intently watching the faces of Poppea and Tigellinus and then Nero He starts to talk with a growing power in his voice. 56.
0) 420) dialog: Though he has wounded my heart, I still love him like a brother.
0) 523) dialog: So we shall take a vacation on Hellas after all? Petronius stands before Caesar.
0) 525) dialog: What’s that supposed to mean?
0) 527) dialog: You’re getting married?
0) 531) dialog: One thing that worries me, Petronius, is that you take sides with the arsonists. Now Nero looks at Tigellinus.
0) 532) dialog: We will organise a wedding the likes of which Rome has never seen.
0) 545) dialog: I underestimated you, Tigellinus. You’re worse than me.
0) 547) dialog: I can do anything, but you’ve managed to amaze Petronius himself. Look! Petronius looks pale and exhausted. He slowly stands up. he can be seen standing tall above the others, staring at one point in the arena. He slowly turns his head and look straight at Nero. Very slowly and clearly he speaks over noise of the trumpets.