0) 236) dialog: God bless you, my child. Lygia stops and turns around to look at them. Peter taps his staff on the flagstones beneath his feet. Lygia lowers her head and approaches them.
0) 237) dialog: Sit down with us, young lady. Lygia sits down on the stones beside the bench and begins listen to their conversation.
0) 238) dialog: Do you remember how you attended the wedding at Canaa in Galilee? Peter nods his head with a smile, remembering the old tim
0) 240) dialog: You told me all about it yourself, remember?
0) 242) dialog: Yes, IвЂ™ve read the whole thing. You went to a wedding, and they ran out of wine.
0) 244) dialog: He blessed the love between the woman and the man. The apostles now look at Lygia sitting by their feet listening to the conversation. She begins to blush, but sits in silence with no need to speak, just to listen.
0) 246) dialog: Trust in your love. Christ has softened hearts even harder than the heart of one Roman. Peter nods his head.
0) 435) dialog: You do not want her to accompany you and you are setting her free. Note well GodвЂ™s goodness and severity: he was severe with cut branches, and for you he is good - if you persist in this goodness. At the sound of his voice, Petronius looks up, confused. 58.
0) 437) dialog: They told me I would find Vinicius here. I say to you, I, Paul, a servant of Christ Jesus, called to be an apostle to preach the good news from God. Petronius snorts and laughs bitterly.
0) 439) dialog: Do not mete out justice yourselves, but leave that to God. "I mete out punishment, and I will repay for everything" - says the Lord. DonвЂ™t be overcome by evil, but overcome evil with good. Stunned by the discussion, Petronius stands up and paces room.
0) 441) dialog: Wish well for those who persecute you. Live in harmony with one another. Do not pretend to love, but really love other people.
0) 443) dialog: If we believe that Jesus died and rose again, God will take those who have died in Jesus and lead them into eternity.
0) 511) dialog: I bring you salvation.
0) 571) dialog: If I speak in the tongues of men or of angels, but do not have love, I am only a resounding gong or a clanging cymbal. If I have the gift of prophecy and can fathom all mysteries and all knowledge, and if I have a faith that can move mountains, but do not have love, I am nothing. If I give all I possess to the poor and give over my body to hardship that I may boast,but do not have love, I gain nothing. Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It does not dishonor others, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres. Thus faith, hope and love - these three endure: but the greatest of these is love.