0) 1) dialog: Quo Vadis, Domine?
0) 183) dialog: I have come to greet you in the name of He who sent me. I have come to tell you to renounce luxuries and pleasures. To love poverty, moral purity and truth. To endure patiently all harm and persecution, to beware of treachery, and set an example for one another. In Vinicius’s eyes we see the reflection of the fires. the influence of Peter’s words his face begins to chang the fire reflecting off of his eyes the gentle face of Ly appears.
0) 184) dialog: I saw Him, and he was like light and the joy of our hearts, for we believed that He rose again and though the seas may dry up, and the mountains turn to dust, His glory shall not pass... Chilon tugs at Vinicius’s coat.
0) 239) dialog: But you wer’nt there! How do you know about that?
0) 241) dialog: My mind is weakened by old age, but John has written everything down. Have you read it? 34.
0) 243) dialog: And Jesus called a servant and said, "Fill the wine jars with water."
0) 245) dialog: While the eyes of the one you love remain closed to the light of truth, avoid him so that he does not lead you into sin. But pray for him and know that there’s no sin in your love. Paul glances at Peter.
0) 247) dialog: Thrice I denied our Lord, but he forgave me and commanded me to be a good shepherd to the people. Apostle Paul stands up, turning out to be a large man.
0) 370) dialog: Peace be with you! The crowd responds with a murmur of pained and fearful voices. 50.
0) 372) dialog: Woe to the world, and woe to the sinful. Fire has come to the city of crime, but the Lord has shown mercy to those of you washed by baptism! Peace be with you! Peter moves among the crowd, blessing them. Suddenly, he stands opposite Vinicius. Vinicius bows his head low. He looks around and sees a vat of water. Someon hands him a twig with a few leaves still swaying on it. Peter dips it into the water and sprays Vinicius with it, baptizing him.
0) 373) dialog: I baptize you in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit. Follow me.
0) 379) dialog: Love one another. There is no sin in this love of yours. Vinicius looks into the eyes of Lygia.
0) 383) dialog: This is a great evil In the distance we hear the growing roars of lions collec in an animal pit.
0) 386) dialog: Did He abandon His flock?
0) 484) dialog: Quo Vadis, Domine?
0) 486) dialog: Christ! Forgive me! Suddenly, there is Nazarius coming from the distance. He pulls the bridle of a gray Donkey. The Donkey denies to g with four hooves. Each step is difficult for them. Nazarius managed to pull up the Donkey. The confused face of Nazarius as he bends down over the o man. Then from above them a pained voice speaks out. The golden light fades as Nazarius grabs Peter and helps up off his knees. 65.
0) 489) dialog: To Rome! In the distance you can see the Circus.