0) 5) dialog: By Jupiter! My nephew Marcus Vinicius! A true god of war. Dear me, let me embrace you! Petronius makes a sudden movement towards Marcus Vinicius unknowingly almost knocking Eunice over. Petronius hugs Vinicius.
0) 6) dialog: Welcome back to Rome! You return from the war in Armenia? Vinicius takes a step back and turns sideways to Petroniu
0) 7) text: Yes and a sorry business it is, a totally unnecessary war! He retreats further into the chamber. Petronius follows h and puts a hand on his shoulder. Vinicius turns his head.
0) 8) dialog: A true soldier turns away from war only when love has him enslaved. Do I guess correctly? Vinicius remains silent.
0) 9) dialog: Has Cupid’s arrow pierced your heart? Vinicius face glows with radiance.
0) 11) dialog: To advise Nero, it’s sufficient to know the ways of monkeys. What am I saying! Even monkeys are not so stupid as to believe everything they’re told.
0) 13) dialog: War even allows one to believe that there’s a method to all this madness. But Rome will soon cure you of any such illusions. Unless, you’ve been enchanted by somemermaid. Speak up, boy! Vinicius grabs his arm and begins to speak rapidly.
0) 15) text: seemed to pass right through her body. Vinicius’ face beams. Petronius laughs.
0) 16) dialog: As transparent as a young sardine! So you truly have fallen in love with a mermaid!
0) 28) dialog: The maiden or the fish?
0) 30) dialog: Better fish than these you see here are not to be found in all of Rome. Eunice! An intimidated Eunice walks up to them.
0) 31) dialog: What do you think of Eunice? She smells of violets. Even I do not know how sweet her kisses taste. Take her. Eunice throws herself at Petronius’ feet, pleading.
0) 34) dialog: You mentioned hunger? Let’s go for breakfast. That will refresh the body, and then we’1ll do something for the soul. What do you think of (cD)
0) 35) text: the Plautiuses? What do you say we pay them a visit? After they exit, the slaves pick up all the baskets and bowls and leave. Eunice looks around and when she sees no one is looking s runs up to the statue of Petronius, stands on her toes an lightly kisses him on the lips.
0) 37) dialog: I thank you for the hospitality you gave my sister’s son.
0) 39) dialog: In my soul I think how different your world is from that over which our Nero reigns. Suddenly he turns his head at the sound of joyful laughte from a girl and child. Running up from the atrium is Lygia and little AULUS. The boy stumbles and falls at the feet of Petronius. Petronius and Lygia both lean down to pick up the child. Their eyes meet and lock momentarily. The little boy gets up on his own and runs out of the roo Lygia runs after him. Pomponia replies to Petronius with a wise, gentle smile.
0) 40) text: It’s not Nero, but God who rules the world. Petronius turns towards Vinicius. Vinicius is standing as still as a statue, staring at the place where Lygia left room.
0) 41) dialog: There are many gods, everyone has his own. Pomponia responds with conviction.
0) 46) dialog: And so you are writing poems? That’s quite the fashion these days. But you must be careful - Redbeard can’t abide competition. So you’d better be writing bad poems or none at all. Petronius smiles sadly. Vinicius’s expression does not change, then he suddenly explodes.
0) 48) dialog: I do believe you really are in love. Vinicius is uncomfortable in the litter. He bangs on the side and the runners come to a halt. Vinicius jumps out i the street among the crowd.
0) 51) dialog: Poems. The author: Redbeard. Required reading. "Nero Augustus Ceasar" is written on the parchment. Vinicius shakes his head and moves away disappearing into the crowd. Petronius taps with his cane for the runners t continue.
0) 52) dialog: To the Palatine Hill, Ceasar’s palace! The litter hastily moves away.
0) 75) dialog: Cease this silence and grim expression, or they will think that you are hiding a dagger somewhere in the folds of your robes!
0) 77) dialog: You know too little of the ways of this world, Marcus. The war has made a savage of you. This is Rome. The centre of the world. Here we handle matters discretely. 12.
0) 79) dialog: Only the emperor could have taken her away, to then give her to you. You will be able to spend this night in her arms. Vinicius is stopped in his tracks, surprised.
0) 87) dialog: Sire, you are more generous to Vinicius than if you were his own father. Even Tigellinus has noticed she is too narrow in the hips, but as usual he is trying to score. You have missed the boat, Tigellinus! Nero grabs his emerald monocle, puts it up to his eye and stares at Lygia. Both of them await Nero’s verdict. Ner busts out laughing.
0) 103) dialog: Cursed be the fate that has us live with such a poet. Were his verses any worst, perhaps I could find it in my heart to praise them. But I remain silent. Embarrassed. Destroyed by their beauty. Nero’s face lights up with delight and boundless vanity Nero grabs a chalice to take a drink of wine. Pitagoras throws himself to pour more wine for Nero as Tigellinus fumes in jealousy.
0) 108) dialog: Close your ears, Nero, lest the words of fools hurt them. Your world is like an emerald. Rare and fragile.
0) 117) dialog: It is as I feared. This war has made a savage of you. You have become one of us. A bastard of the court. Redbeard can be proud of you. I have forfeited the friendship of the Plautiuses just to decorate your empty head with a wreath of withered leaves. Vinicius drops his head in shame. Petronius is furious. Eunice silently slips into the room and turns towards Petronius.
0) 122) dialog: Are you a magician? The stranger pulls his clumsy hands from his worn coat. H smile contorts his face.
0) 127) dialog: Do you have a way to do this?
0) 129) dialog: So you are a philosopher for money, in other words a crook. Petronius seems cynical, as the newcomer once again fiddl with his old coat.
0) 140) dialog: Tell my servant to give you a new coat! From outside the door Chilo calls back.
0) 143) dialog: First we fumigate the house, and then ask Eunice to accompany us. Eunice runs up to Petronius. He caresses the flowers in h hair and asks haughtily.
0) 144) dialog: Could it be that love really exists? Happy is he who experiences it. 22.
0) 249) dialog: I will not all die, a greater part of me will rise again. As long as high priest climbes the Capitoline Hill... Petronius raises his eyes from the pages and continues to speak the verse in near silence. Petronius can see Eunice looking at him, unaware that she reflected in a huge mirror. He momentarily stops reciting and then suddenly ends the poem aloud, as if speaking to Eunice.
0) 250) dialog: ...May Melpomene, the muse of song take pride in what I have made of all talents she gave to me, and crown my head with laurel wreath. Without taking his eyes off Eunice, he puts down the book
0) 251) dialog: Have you ever thought about freedom, Eunice? Eunice retreats behind her corner, hiding.
0) 252) dialog: You could leave this place, if I were to free you. Eunice suddenly appears from around the corner again.
0) 254) dialog: Freed, you could go your own way, have a husband, children, a life of your own... Eunice falls to her knees.
0) 256) dialog: But admit that you envy the beautiful Romans, their fine apparel, jewellery, hairstyles, lovers...
0) 258) dialog: But what if I sent you to work in the fields? What if I married another woman? Or had you whipped?
0) 260) dialog: But sooner or later it ends, burns out and dies... Petronius slides out of his seat and reaches out towards Eunice without touching her, kneeling in front of her.
0) 263) dialog: And so you have gone quite mad. You free your slaves, distribute your fortune among the poor 37.
0) 265) dialog: If you want to repay evil with goodness ... then ... then what do you repay goodness with!? Vinicius raises his hand and interrupts Petronius. Petron begins to walk away.
0) 267) dialog: Do you intend to accept the teachings of this ... Christ?!
0) 269) dialog: Caesar orders us to go together to Antium. I advise you not to refuse such a request.
0) 271) dialog: If you do not wish to lose her for ever, better start packing before Redbeard notices your absence
0) 273) dialog: No one is free. Everyone has someone above him who decides whether he lives or dies. Keep that rule in mind. Chilon’s contorted face appears in the doorway.
0) 290) dialog: Throw your verse in the fire, Caesar; that would be the best thing for it. Caesar tries to control his anger and squints at him.
0) 292) dialog: It is too cold. 41.
0) 294) dialog: Don’t believe him, divine Caesar. Your talent could wipe Rome from the surface of the earth, let alone Troy! Hearing this, Nero calms down.
0) 296) dialog: The greatest poet of Rome does not look for acclaim from his soldiers, but is worthy of eternal glory in the pantheon of fame. Nero swells with pride and looks at Tigellinus with contempt, who shrinks in his armor.
0) 303) dialog: If you want Caesar to agree to your wedding with Lygia, he must be pleased with himself.
0) 305) dialog: Tigellinus does all he can to prejudice Caesar against me. Small waves lap the shore.
0) 307) dialog: It is also said: if you want peace - prepare for war.
0) 309) dialog: You yourself and I myself. The late evening horizon is illuminated by the sphere of Jupiter, lighting up the way for the two men walking acro the beach as tiny waves crash onto the shore.
0) 311) dialog: We need air, Caesar. We are suffocating and the fires of Troy will soon reach us.
0) 313) dialog: I am quite burning up and don’t know what will quench the fire. You have ruined my life, Sire. Vinicius, who remains stubbornly silent, could say the same, if he were not frozen with terror.
0) 316) dialog: Vinicius would rather die than face the might of your poems, Nero. Nero breaks out into laughter.
0) 344) dialog: Speak to your people, Sire and promise them something. Tigellinus glares at Petronius. Nero raises his head to t sky and with a heavy sigh sarcastically comments on the proposal.
0) 347) dialog: Caesar, I will go.
0) 351) dialog: Citizens! From afar, Nero listens to Petronius, adding his own comments to the speech.
0) 353) dialog: The city will be rebuilt.
0) 355) dialog: Caesars gardens will be opened to you.
0) 357) dialog: From tomorrow, grain, wine and oil will be handed out!
0) 359) dialog: Then Caesar will organise for you games such as Rome has never seen before. 49.
0) 361) dialog: Great feasts and generous gifts await you!
0) 389) dialog: Sire, you need to go to Hellas. It’s getting too dangerous in Rome. Tigellinus abruptly interrupts him.
0) 412) dialog: Do my ears deceive me, Nero; do you really intend to let this muscle-bound fool have the last word?! Tigellinus looks at Petronius as if he had been struck wi an arrow in the windpipe. All of a sudden he takes a more conciliatory tone.
0) 418) dialog: Beware, Sire, for they will say that Nero burned Rome, but threw the blame on the innocent. Nero - the coward. Tigellinus stands by Nero.
0) 421) dialog: If you treat your brother as you treated your mother, there will soon be nobody in the world to love you. walks out silently.
0) 425) dialog: And if it should happen that we had to part?
0) 427) dialog: Some voyages have to be taken alone. 57.
0) 429) dialog: I have no right to decide about the life of the beautiful Eunice.
0) 431) dialog: Then I am the happiest man in Rome. There are some things that cannot be taken from me.
0) 433) dialog: Forgive me. I do not ask you to accompany me. His face maintains a carefree expression, trying to hide depression. He kisses Eunice on the forehead, turns aroun and disappears into his library.
0) 436) dialog: Who are you? A thief?
0) 438) dialog: "Enemy of Rome!" "Arsonist"! Are you here seeking revenge?
0) 440) dialog: Good? What is that compared to wealth, fame and happiness, which the tyrant can destroy at a moment’s notice?
0) 442) dialog: Death cancels everything. Have you not heard the groans of victims?
0) 444) dialog: If God is on your side, what will become of those who are against you? 59. Petronius lifts his head to hear the reply, but Paul is n longer there.
0) 449) dialog: Have you hidden her?
0) 451) dialog: Let’s say that I underestimated Tigellinus. What about Lygia?
0) 453) dialog: Bring swords and mantles. Finally Petronius turns around, but his face is still hid in the shadows.
0) 454) dialog: You’1l1 have to bribe the guards to release her immediately. Otherwise it will be too late!
0) 456) dialog: Do you think a man who sentenced his own mother to death can love? Today, I’m the first he would deprive of a voice and the last person he’d like to hear.
0) 459) dialog: Hail, Kricsos! You have been ordered to guard the jail? Kricsos stands at attention. 61.
0) 461) dialog: My slave is in there. This is some mistake. I know her well and I know that she had nothing to do with them.
0) 463) dialog: Don’t you dare.... You can hear the clinking of weapons from the PRAETORIAN GUARDS.
0) 491) dialog: Have you found her? Vinicius shakes his head. Nero looks towards Petronius and Vinicius. He gets up. The crowd in the Circus roars and cheers.
0) 499) dialog: The gods created him a foul villain. He has become a veritable demon! But even a demon cannot endure this. Chilon wheezes, his eyes shut tight. He reaches breaking point.
0) 502) dialog: I can’t see anyone. Peter’s piercing eyes are looking straight at Petronius even though he denies his existence. Suddenly, a big whit pigeon is appearing, where Peter was supposed to stand. Some strange energy passes between them. The howling of t crowd in the Circus mixes with the roars of the maddened animals. Tigellinus leans into Nero’s ear.
0) 524) dialog: Before you sail Sire, and deprive us of your divine presence, do faithful Petronius one last favour.
0) 526) dialog: Bless the young couple. 71.
0) 528) dialog: Vinicius wants to marry the Lygian hostage.
0) 530) dialog: She found herself there through your stupidity, Tigellinus. Tigellinus’s face turns black with anger. Nero squints suspiciously.
0) 543) dialog: Pull yourself together, soldier. Or pray, if you know how.
0) 548) dialog: If their God really exists, what will become of those who are against Him? The gate on the right opens, revealing the dark abyss of tunnel. A moment later a huge athletic figure emerges. Ursus ente the arena. Struck almost blind by the rays of the sun, he squints and looks around. He is half naked and devoid of weapon. He kneels down and bows his head as if in prayer. freezes in that position. The crowd begins to murmur, the scream. 74.
0) 564) dialog: Do you think Vinicius and Lygia have reached Sicily by now?
0) 566) dialog: It’s time we also took a journey.
0) 568) dialog: It’s a pity you do not wish to stay. In my testament I left you all my property.