0) 86) dialog: A beauty she is indeed Sire, too beautiful for Vinicius. Petronius’s face contorts with anger.
0) 104) dialog: Thy verses, Caesar, were born like you among the gods. Their father is Zeus Apollo and their mother.... Nero turns red in anger.
0) 107) dialog: On behalf of the city and the world I thank you Caesar for destroying your mother and freeing us from her evil power. 17. With contempt Petronius stares at Tigellinus and reaches Nero’s emerald monocle, putting it up to his eye. Throu he sees the weird party and its already drunk guests, hugging, kissing, raising glasses and eating. In the background, shadowy slaves move around carrying massive trays of food and pitchers of wine. The image is drowned by another precipitation of multicolored rose petals. Petronius removes the sapphire from his eye and hands it to Nero, jolting him from his m distant stare.
0) 286) dialog: Amazing!
0) 288) dialog: Oh! Divine one! It burned and... blinded! Nero casts Petronius a contemptuous look. Moving across, he closely observes Poppea, who with a loo of indifference on her face, stuffs some grapes into her mouth. She has no understanding or interest in the poetry Caesar. With a look of disgust, Nero turns around and yells out t the servants with an impatient voice.
0) 299) dialog: At your command, Sire, I will order all of Antium to be set alight for you!
0) 315) dialog: Divine Caesar. Though I have been in a hundred battles... Nero, with a gesture signals him to be silent. He looks a Vinicius, expecting an answer. Petronius tries to help.
0) 326) dialog: Sire, the show is for you.
0) 343) dialog: Have the praetorian guards called out to attack them, Sire. Petronius comes up on Nero’s other side.
0) 390) dialog: That is not a good idea! Civil war could erupt before you get to Ostia, Sire! The Praetorians may betray us! Angry voices from a crowd approaches from a distance.
0) 393) dialog: Vengeance. Nero squints and collects his thoughts for a moment. Suddenly an idea comes to mind and he smiles evilly.
0) 395) dialog: I burned Rome on your orders! Nero and Tigellinus measure each other like wild beasts. The sudden voice of Faon standing in the doorway to the h interrupts the moment.
0) 397) dialog: So, you say that Vinicius...?
0) 399) dialog: And how about Petronius?
0) 403) dialog: You came here with with? You have nothing on Petronius?! Chilon rubs his fingers together insinuating money. Tigellinus rejects him with a kick.
0) 407) dialog: The people already know that it was Caesar who set fire to Rome!
0) 409) dialog: I haven’t killed my mother. They remember Agrippina and haven’t forgiven you that... crime.
0) 411) dialog: As in everything that goes on in the palace. Silence. 55. Petronius listens from the side of the room, looking out from a window at the hills covered by the figures of the growing crowd.
0) 413) dialog: The people need revenge and... someone to sacrifice. You have heard, Sire, of the followers of this prophet, Christ? As soon as we agreed to have him hung on the cross, they made a God of him.It was they who set fire to Rome! Nero’s face begins to assume an expression of anger, gr and indignation.
0) 419) dialog: One word from you, and Petronius will forever hold his peace. Nero looks at Petronius, cocking his head, feeling hurt. Petronius
0) 498) dialog: Look! Look! This is your doing! Petronius from behind Tigellinus reaches out towards Chil With his carved cane he taps lightly on his pulsating Ada apple.
0) 503) dialog: I have something even better arranged for tomorrow. 68.
0) 507) dialog: Set the fire. The ivy is immediately lit, lighting up the main avenue o the garden as the flames travel up the shafts of the crosses. Chilon’s white robe shines yellow and purple in the reflection of the fires. He hides his face in his hands a is shaken by spasms.
0) 522) dialog: The ship is waiting in Naples, Caesar.
0) 529) dialog: Nero, she’s one of them. She’s in the prison.
0) 546) dialog: I had lessons from the best master Nero.