0) 57) text: the girl belongs to Caesar. Therefore our divine emperor commands you to hand her over. Plautius turns around and looks at his wife, to whom Lygi is clinging. Next to the women stands the powerfully buil URSUS.
0) 60) dialog: Domina! Allow me to go with my lady to the house of Caesar. She wipes away her tears.
0) 197) dialog: And who would you be seeking?
0) 200) dialog: UNNH! [Grunts in reaction] The two giants fight.
0) 207) dialog: In my former life I killed a lot of people, but back then I did not know Christ.
0) 222) dialog: Lygia told me you should drink this, Master. Ursus comes closer to Vinicius and hands him a metal cup with some hot brew, the cup hidden in his massive hands.
0) 224) dialog: Where we come from, there are no slaves.
0) 226) dialog: Where the forest has no end, where there are castles made of wood, and a great abundance of honey and bread. Where "yes" means "yes" and "no" means "no" 32.
0) 228) dialog: When you Romans appeared in our forests, Lygia’s father, our king died from a Roman arrow. Soon after that her mother died. Your leader Plautius took the child under his wing. Rome became her home. And Christ her consolation. There is a transition to a stable from this chamber. You see a donkey, which is eating hay in a shadow and suddenl a face of Lygia, hidden there, listening, close to the donkey - appears.
0) 230) dialog: He who changes sorrow to joy. And death itself, which for you is the end of life, is for us the beginning. Lygia runs out of her hiding and faces Vinicius.
0) 551) dialog: (savage war cry) Ruuaaaaah! The bull rears its powerful head, its horns ripping Ursus left side. Blood pours from the wound.
0) 552) dialog: (a warriors’ shout of pain) Urraah! Ursus falls to the ground as the crowd roars and the bull runs around the arena.
0) 554) dialog: (warrior’s savage grunt and cry) Uuurrrrrrrah! The bull starts shaking its head. Ursus tightens his muscles around the bull’s neck. The animal pushes back. Ursus plants his feet in the ground, halting the beast’s advance and they remain momentarily frozen. A murmur of admiration rises from the crowd. Ursus begins to twist the bulls head. Straining his muscl to their limit, he throws the beast to the ground. The animal’s head, held in the giant’s vise-like grip, be tilt downward. The beast lets out a roar as it begins to foam at the mouth. 75. A moment later, Ursus twists the bull’s head into an unnatural position. Roaring, it falls to the sand, kickin with its hooves. Ursus kneels over the fallen beast, take hold of Lygia and lifts her up. The arena goes crazy.