27) 3) text: He flicks a switch. On the TV screen appears the INTERIOR OFFICE. We see DUVAL, a brain surgeon in the middle forti the manner of one totally dedicated to his work. At the m testing a ruby laser, narrowing the beam down to pencil-l Assisting him is CORA PETERSON. In the middle twenties, h attractiveness is matched by her efficiency, which is con They work together smoothly, the result of long associati evident neither know they are being observed during:
30) 0) text: Grant and Carter enter in the middle of what is evidently argument between COLONEL DONALD REID and Duval. Reid is i of the <CMDF>, with a cadaceus which indicates he is the Division. Also present is CAPTAIN BILL OWENS, in Naval un Michaels. Cora stands beside Duval, rather abashed, since cause of the vociferous disagreement.
30) 32) text: Grant looks at Cora. She is busy making notes from the pr Owens is showing no undue reaction, apparently having bee
33) 0) text: Bathed in eerie ultra-violet light. The five are passing corridor, in single file. All are dressed in khaki unifor moves ahead of Cora. As they reach a vestibule at the end swings open automatically. Grant starts to help Cora over threshold.
33) 1) dialog: Don't touch me. I'm sterile.
34) 9) text: Carefully holding the lead box, Owens starts up the ladde by Duval, then Michaels. Grant waves Cora to precede him. the monk's steps above the ladder, climb upward, then one disappear through the hatch. Grant is the last one in.
35) 16) text: He moves to the wireless, sees Cora smile as she goes thr door. Grant begins tapping out a message.
40) 0) text: Originally designed for marine research, it still shows s pre-adaptation structure: there is a series of glass-fron compartments, now labeled ANTIBIOTICS, ANTI-COAGULANTS, C MED OXY, etc. A wide counter runs the length of the compa side, suitable for working on specimens. A Ruby Laser sit counter at the end, its plastic cover removed and to the other is a piece of metal on a metal base. As Grant enter Cora working with a set of very small tools, making minut on the laser.
40) 2) dialog: (indicating oxy containers) We're pushing oxygen today.
40) 4) dialog: (surprised) You sound as if you're not looking forward to it.
40) 6) dialog: I think it's the most exciting -- (with awe) We're going to see things no one ever saw before. The actual physical process of Life itself -- not something under a microscope... Just think of it --
40) 8) dialog: You may learn to like it.
40) 10) dialog: Excuse me...
40) 14) dialog: (with smile) That'll teach you where to keep your hand.
40) 18) dialog: Not in the hands of a great surgeon like Dr. Duval. The beam of this laser can be regulated to one millionth of a millimeter.
40) 20) dialog: I've been with him since I got out of school. He brought me into the CMDF, over five years ago.
40) 22) dialog: Not working for someone like Dr. Duval --
41) 3) text: Grant and Duval begin putting on their safety harnesses, attached to their respective seats. Cora appears out of t compartment. Michaels moves toward it, a check-list in ha disappears within. In the meantime, Owens is busy tighten lock-screw in evidence.
41) 7) dialog: (with difficulty) Doctor...
41) 9) dialog: I -- I want to say...
41) 12) dialog: (the moment gone) I just wanted to thank you for taking me along.
53) 2) dialog: She responds enthralled.
63) 0) text: Grant reacts as huge steel fingers at the bottom of the a slide into view. He glances at Cora and the others. They know what to expect, but watch with the interest of scien mechanical fingers slowly disappear beneath the sub.
89) 0) text: The lights become brighter. Cora, Duval and Michaels reac relief. The ventilators come on, permitting all to breath
110) 0) text: Grant and Cora, strapped in their seats, look on enthrall sheer beauty of the dancing wonder-world visible through Duval appears equally moved. Michaels observes with more detachment.
112) 0) text: Grant, Cora and Duval quickly slip out of their harnesses bow for a maximum view of the scene. Michaels remains at checking their course on the Neck and Head chart.
114) 5) dialog: I never...never imagined it could be anything...like this.
114) 11) dialog: Dr. Duval -- what could those be?
114) 14) dialog: They're much smaller than bacteria...
124) 0) text: Grant and Cora exchange startled looks as the membranes o Arterial Wall suddenly become visible in the spill of lig headbeams: its connective strands arch Gothic-like, lost darkness of the vaulted enclosure. The vibrations have no so that all must hold onto stanchions for support.
126) 0) text: Smashing into the Wall directly ahead seems inevitable. N connective strands almost fill the windows. Cora closes h anticipation of the fatal impact. And just when a collisi inevitable, the sub veers, narrowly missing the cable-lik thick enough to support a bridge.
128) 2) text: He grabs Cora, and against the buffeting, moves quickly t toward her seat. Duval and Michaels instantly take their console, begin getting into their harnesses.
134) 0) text: The steeply angled dive causes greater strain on Grant as grip on Cora. Duval and Michaels are now thrust forward a were in a gondola of a shoot-the-shoots making its steepe
136) 0) text: From their prone positions on the floor, Grant and Cora r huge fissure looming through the windows. Duval and Micha looks, suddenly realizing what it signifies. Now the imme directly ahead.
139) 0) text: The sub is now level, moving much slower. Exhausted from Grant sees it is safe to let go of Cora. He helps her ris dazed at the bluish stream. Duval and Michaels, equally s to get out of their harnesses.
141) 0) text: Grant, Cora and Duval are grouped around Michaels at the distance, the endothelial walls of the Jugular Vein are v visible.
141) 4) dialog: But big enough for us...
145) 5) dialog: (emotionally) Doctor...you can't mean that! Not when we've come this far. And if we give up, there'll be no way of saving Mr. Benes --
148) 2) dialog: (into the silence) And if it should take more time to get through --
155) 1) dialog: (in awe) Listen...the Heart.
184) 0) text: All are out of their harnesses. Grant, Duval and Cora are windows, looking out. Michaels is at the console, plottin position on a detailed Map of the Lungs.
186) 2) dialog: (thrilled) Doctor -- is it possible? That we're seeing it happen before our eyes?
186) 9) text: Cora turns to look at him, feeling close in this shared m too, is moved by Duval's manner. Michaels glances up from Map.
191) 1) dialog: (with apprehension) Air bubbles!... Doctor --
193) 0) text: Cora and Duval, at the window, watch anxiously as Owens m Manual Control Panel. Michaels remains at the console, al concerned. Owens opens the Circuit Panel, revealing a maz and circuit breakers. Only someone with an intimate knowl sub could posslbly find the right one. Owens does quickly switch, shuts the panel. He turns, sees their anxious loo
199) 4) dialog: But I did. I'm positive!
199) 7) dialog: I have no idea.
199) 9) dialog: (distraught) I don't know yet, Doctor. And I won't know until I test it.
199) 12) dialog: (righting laser) I can't imagine how it possibly could have come loose. I distinctly recall fastening it with all four bolts --
202) 0) text: All have stepped out of their jumpers and are now reveale swim suits except Owens, who remains in the Bubble. The s form-fitting, antiseptic-looking, with a Breather Pack st back. Duval is tightening Cora's pack. Grant is checking pack. The latter looks in rear at the small hatch, visibl open door. The wireless starts tapping again.
202) 1) dialog: (of tapping wireless) Shouldn't you answer that?
208) 0) text: As Grant swims by with the end of the unreeling tube, Mic him. Then Duval and Cora, who are now coming out of the v All swim to the nearby Capillary Wall. (NOTE: During the their action is complicated by the big Corpuscles flowing steady stream, taking on oxygen and bumping into them.) T
210) 9) dialog: You can't --it's too dangerous --
219) 0) text: Michaels, Duval and Cora react as the line snakes past th the crevice.
219) 1) dialog: (horrified) He's gone!
221) 3) dialog: But we just can't leave him in there! What'll happen to him?
228) 0) text: Cora is putting the tiny transistor down. Then, with a tw takes out the last part: a hair-like strand of wire. To D beside her:
228) 1) dialog: And a broken trigger-wire...
229) 4) dialog: Not anything built into the chassis. (with guilt) If it hadn't come loose --
229) 6) dialog: We must!
229) 12) dialog: No, it requires such absolute precision --
229) 14) dialog: Oh yes, I'm sure Dr. Duval could. If we had the parts.
232) 2) text: As Cora turns to the workbench:
232) 4) text: She puts the transistor and wire down on the workbench an open a medical kit. Duval takes the wire and places it be small clamps on the workbench. Cora extracts a scalpel, g him. Duval swings a magnifying glass over the strand as C light on the wire. Duval bends over. Peering through the glass, he slowly begins to scrape the strand with the sca
233) 6) text: He glances back in the direction of Duval. Both drop thei that Duval and Cora can't hear:
243) 0) text: Scalpel poised over the wire, Duval reacts as the Proteus jars while it pulls loose. He exchanges looks with Cora, holding the lamp.
246) 2) text: He breaks off as he sees the Antibodies and Bacteria whip the windows. Cora appears behind him, gasps at the sight monsters locked in battle.
254) 0) text: Duval and Cora are back in the lab Section, working on th Grant is beside Michaels at the chart. Both look up as th touches bottom with a slight jar.
254) 6) text: As he moves to put on his Breather Pack, Cora appears in of the Lab Section. She looks anxiously out of the bow wi distance, several Anti-bodies can be seen.
254) 7) dialog: You're going out there? With those Antibodies --
254) 9) text: Grant nods, steps into the Escape Hatch, closing the door The light flashes red. Cora remains at the bow windows, l the drifting Anti-bodies, with apprehension.
257) 0) text: Cora turns from the bow windows. The Antibodies are still
257) 1) dialog: Wouldn't it be quicker if we all helped?
257) 3) text: He moves to the Escape Hatch with Cora, both strapping on Breather Packs. She glances at Duval, still in the Lab Se
257) 5) text: Michaels and Cora step into the Escape Hatch, adjust thei masks.
260) 0) text: Michaels and Cora swim up to Grant, join him in yanking o clinging tendrils. All work quickly as possible.
263) 0) text: Loose tendrils are flowing about the hull like drifting s the vents seem to hold an endless amount. Grant, Cora and working at an exhausting pace, keep pulling out more and of long fibers.
272) 3) dialog: Whipped away from all the others.
273) 1) dialog: She is horrified as she sees where she is heading for:
273) 5) dialog: (screaming) Help!
274) 4) dialog: Struggling head down, in terror, she hears:
274) 6) dialog: I don't know! I think I'm caught on some auditory fibers!
276) 0) text: Both look down. At first they don't see her. Then Grant s points for Michaels' benefit. They see: 493        CORA IN CHASM - THEIR P.O.V. Far below, still trying to struggle loose.
278) 0) text: He is racing to reach Cora before they do.
281) 1) dialog: (franticaliy) Hurry! Oh please, please!
283) 0) text: Grant and Cora appear, swim over the slippery edge of the cells. She is too exhausted to keep up the pace. Grant ho one arm as he keeps swimming toward:
285) 0) text: The two reach it, Grant still helping Cora. They are at t exhaustion. Grant reacts as he sees:
286) 0) text: Grant waits, hand at the wheel. Cora looks back toward th chasm for signs of the Antibodies.
286) 1) dialog: (gasping) Open it! Open it before they get here!
288) 0) text: Just as the door drops down, the vanguard of the Anti-bod Cora. Two coils whip transversely around her shoulders. T time to tear them off. Grant thrusts Cora through the doo follows, with the massed attackers streaming in after the
289) 0) text: Cora is clawing at the Antibodies which are coiling aroun every direction. For the moment, Grant can't help her as to close the door against:
290) 0) text: The water level starts falling, accompanied by the hissin pressure. Grant and Cora try to claw at the crystalline s But in the extremely narrow confines of the chamber, ther either can do. Suddenly Cora's expression changes to one pain.
290) 1) dialog: (gasping) They're tightening...
292) 0) text: The water is now down to their knees. Grant is still pull the many links around Cora, but without any effect.
292) 1) dialog: (barely audible) Please -- I -- can't -- can't breathe...
293) 0) text: Water pours out from the Escape hatch as Grant drags Cora falls on the floor. Duval and Michaels instantly start pu Antibodies. Cora is almost unconscious. Grant joins in th effort to free her. And then Owens, who comes bounding do Bubble. All four men pull at the structures with all thei And suddenly they begin to break off, shattering into cry fragments. With some coils broken, the others soon lose t adhesion. Finally Cora is free. As soon as she finds her begins to cry hysterically. Duval bends over, calming her
299) 0) text: Cora is lying on the cot. As Grant enters, she starts to
299) 2) dialog: I feel much better now...
299) 4) dialog: (quietly) The outside world... I thought I'd never see it again.
299) 6) dialog: (turning to Grant) Thank you for saving my life.
299) 8) dialog: A great deal more than that, I believe...
299) 11) dialog: Keeping an eye on Dr. Duval...
299) 14) dialog: That's why you're really here. I knew it from the start.
299) 16) dialog: You're not the first, but he's much too innocent, much too involved with his work, to realize what's going on around him.
299) 18) dialog: Oh, no. Plenty of cause. He won't follow the herd, or change his convictions -- even when they're not popular. And he believes in an absolutely free interchange of information between scientists of different countries -- and these days, there's nothing more suspicious than that.
299) 20) dialog: What do you mean?
300) 0) text: Grant and Cora silently witness:
305) 0) text: Grant has joined Cora and Duval at the bow. The three are impressed and moved by what they see. Michaels remains at As they look on:
305) 3) text: Cora looks at Grant in rather surprised awareness of this of him.
309) 2) text: As Duval and Cora move quickly into the Lab Section:
309) 6) text: He breaks off as Duval and Cora come out of the Lab Secti the laser and power unit. As they move to the Escape Hatc Grant opens:
309) 9) text: He steps into the Escape Hatch with Cora. Grant closes th
311) 0) text: Duval and Cora are swimming toward the dark spot with the the power unit. They reach:
313) 0) text: Grant drops out and starts toward Duval and Cora.
323) 0) text: More and more of the Central Nerve lights up as the inter darkness is dissolved by precise bursts of the laser beam the oncoming sub, Duval and Cora keep working. As Grant g wrist watch, electrical impulses begin racing in a contin through the Central Nerve, which is now incandescent alon height.
323) 4) dialog: (suddenly) Look! They follow the direction of her glance, are startled to see:
325) 2) text: Grant grabs the laser from Duval. With Cora trailing, hol power unit, Grant leads the way upward at an angle to int
327) 3) text: Cora turns a dial on the power unit. Grant takes careful beam shoots out from the laser, across the intervening di hits:
340) 0) text: Grant, Duval and Cora are swimming through the maze of ne the sub lying at a sharp keel.
340) 3) dialog: It's beginning to grow...
353) 0) text: Owens appears, swims off toward Duval and Cora. The two a the laser and power unit. Duval is hitting the White Corp dissolving them in an attempt to keep them off the sub, b avail. The monster cells are swarming in greater numbers.
355) 0) text: Duval and Cora swim up. Duval aims the laser, presses the beam shoots out with surgical precision, making a direct
356) 4) text: Duval drops the laser, turns and starts to swim off. Cora power unit. With Duval in the lead, they swim as fast as through:
365) 3) text: They swim on with renewed effort. They are now larger in what they pass. Cora starts to fall behind, unable to mai pace, for all her valiant effort. Grant puts one arm arou and thus manages to keep after Duval and Owens.
376) 0) text: Carter, looking down into the MINIATURIZATION ROOM, react dots below on the glass slide continue to grow and grow t where they can be discerned on the platform, and a bedrag it is. They look like survivors of a shipwreck: dripping exhausted, all the fight knocked out of them. Owens is se between his drawn-up knees; Cora is leaning against Grant Duval is fighting for breath.
380) 0) text: As Grant and Owens enter, they see Benes is propped up on with Carter, Duval, Cora and Reid grouped around him. Gra immediately to Benes.
380) 4) dialog: He certainly is. He should be up and about in no time.