13) 1) text: Without divulging the nature of the hospital, the unconsc Benes is seen undergoing a fast and thorough medical prob TECHNICIANS and SPECIALISTS, using the latest equipment. machines, Centrifuges whirling blood samples, EKGs, Encep and a variety of instruments used in cerebral examination featured. After the LAST CREDIT:
32) 2) text: They begin to remove the towel from Benes' head. Reid tur the window and crosses to the window overlooking the MAIN With him we see a huge room, bisected by a floor-to-ceili map of the entire ARTERIAL and VENOUS SYSTEM from rib-cag to simulate the body of Benes in a prone position. Grid l areas in relation to true North and South. TECHNICIANS ar about with charts and reports which are coming in through telephones, teletypes, batteries of Computers, Oscillogra Encircling the entire floor are glass-fronted booths whic SPECIALISTS' POSTS. Reid turns to a Technician at the Mas Section.
32) 4) text: The Technician flips on a switch. On a TV screen appears OF THE HEART POST, one of the glass-enclosed booths looki the MAIN OPS ROOM. Like all the Specialists Posts, it is with its particular area and nothing else: Blowups of the great detail, X-rays of Benes' heart, its beat being reco electronically on a huge EKG chart which fills one wall a constant operation via remote control. The HEART SPECIALI standing before the EKG chart, while a TECHNICIAN twirls panel. Reid can be seen in the closed TV circuit in the H (As in all subsequent TV communications.)
32) 8) text: The Technician flips on another switch. On a TV screen ap INTERIOR OF THE RESPIRATION POST. Here everything relates lungs. In addition to cut-away sections where each small the proportions of a detailed war map, there are banks of X-rays, lit up in panels, plus immense calibrated charts INHALATION and EXHALATION, on which the rate is being ele recorded.
32) 12) text: Another Technician flips switch in response to:
32) 14) text: On a TV screen appears the INTERIOR OF THE HYPOTHERMIA PO festooned with dials recording bodily temperature, before TECHNICIANS sit watching and making minute adjustments. T HYPOTHERMIA SPECIALIST moves along, keeping a sharp eye o zones labeled: CIRCULATORY, RESPIRATORY, CARDIAC, RENAL,
34) 0) text: A huge parquet area, composed of white octagonal modules. center is the Zero Module, in red. Standing over it is a craft. The angle and the distance renders its details ind WHITE-CLAD TECHNICIANS wearing rubber gloves are seen wor it. As the five come into the room:
34) 6) dialog: Here's the particle, sir.
34) 8) dialog: All squared away, sir.
36) 0) text: A WIRELESS TECHNICIAN is writing down the message heard c tears it off his pad, hands it to the Communications Aide it to Carter.
44) 0) text: The message is coming in. The Wireless Technician writes it off the pad and the Communications Aide reads:
44) 3) text: A TECHNICIAN at a panel marked <MIN> throws a switch.
46) 3) text: A Technician presses a button. There is the SOUND of a wa 110        MAIN OPS ROOM - P.O.V. The last minute scurry, as all take their respective plac OFFICER is seen moving up to the big center grid map of t System with something in hand which we can't distinguish
51) 0) text: A light flashes on the <MIN> panel. With Carter we see a Technician's Control Panel as it becomes activated. Two b co-ordinates marked <MIN DIMEN> and <MIN SECS> flash on. at the monitors, eyes on the charts which keep flashing o Benes' temperature, heartbeat, etc.
54) 0) text: Now with Carter we get the first <objective> view of the Proteus as they watch it shrink down, down, down in the c Zero Module, which we see is laced with intersecting line sub reaches the size of a capsule about the length of a c Carter looks down at the grid on the Technician's Control sees the blips on the co-ordinates approach closer and cl they finally merge into one. He looks back at:
60) 0) text: A panel slides open and a precision handling device is ro several WHITE-CLAD TECHNICIANS. A NURSE follows, in unifo machine is fourteen feet high, consists of pulleys on a t control a vertical arm angling down from a horizontal ext sets of mechanical fingers are on the vertical arm, about apart. Together they act as clamps. All adjustments are c various worm-gears. As the tall tripod rolls by, on the s base we see stamped: MIN PRECISION HANDLING, under the in <CMDF>.
62) 0) text: The tripod is eased to a stop so that its vertical arm is over the Proteus on the Module. A TECHNICIAN at the gear turning a worm-gear control, which lowers the vertical ar capsule-sub.
64) 0) text: The Technician maneuvers the mechanical fingers carefully slip under the cradle of the sub, in effect becoming its Once the steel fingers are in place, the Zero Module sink floor from view, while the tripod holding the Proteus is
65) 0) text: A Technician presses a switch.
67) 0) text: The Technician at the tripod moves it so that the claw ho Proteus is directly over the water in the ampule.
71) 0) text: The Technician now begins to maneuver the mechanical fing under the sub.
81) 2) text: The Technician presses a button on the <MINI> panel, acti <MIN> grid. The two blips flash on again, moving down the and <MIN SECS> co-ordinates.
86) 2) text: The Technician taps out the Proteus' call letters. All wa for a response, as the tapping stops. They react, relieve hear:
92) 0) text: As the Technicians at the tripod hear:
92) 2) text: The Technicians move the tripod so that the vertical arm directly over the ampule and lowered, until the two sets fingers clamp the cylinder firmly. Then the ampule is rai inches from its position on the module. The reduced cork encases the bottom. The Nurse and a Technician move to th holds a small instrument case.
103) 2) text: A Technician flips a switch.
103) 3) text: Four TECHNICIANS are seated before their radar screens, w flat electronic lines, except one. This is picking up a b
104) 0) text: A Technician at the Control Panel throws on a switch. Ano screen next to the Main Monitor goes on, revealing:
146) 7) text: The incoming message stops. The Communications Aide takes Wireless Technician.
146) 24) text: Technician presses monitor button. As Carter moves to the Communications Aide, the HEART POST flashes on the TV scr
147) 0) text: Reid's Voice is heard as the Heart Technicians rig Benes shock with a Cardio-Verter. They are removing the top thi Thermal Blanket. When his chest is exposed, they apply el it. Then the Technicians take their places at the various Instruments which are recording the pulse and configurati heartbeat. The last is visible on the big cathode tube of Cardioscope, a replica of which was seen in the Heart Pos
153) 0) text: Benes is now rigged for electric shock. The Tracking Devi concentrated on his chest. The Heart Specialist looks at Cardioscope Screen. The big screen registers the beat of with a cathode-tube effect, each pulsation causing an ele pattern. They are very slow, regular. The Heart Specialis of his Technicians who wears headphones. The latter press
171) 0) text: The Heart Specialist is watching the blip nearing the end Screen, with time running out. The Heart Technician stand the Cardio-Verter stands immobile, looking at the needle Zero Amperes.
176) 2) text: The Technician at the Cardio-Verter is set to press the r
182) 5) text: On the monitor next to Reid, a Technician flashes on the THE RESPIRATION POST. The calibrated charts marked INHALA EXHALATION indicate the return to breathing.
249) 0) text: The Surgical Team and the Technicians exchange looks as t
338) 2) text: One of the Surgical Technicians begins swabbing Benes' he alcohol.