65) 0) text: Muriel is back. She’s in her chair, on the terrace outsid her room. A young hotel worker, ANOKHI, brings out a tray of food t her. Muriel watches her, but Anokhi is deferential, won't meet Muriel’s eyes. She puts the tray down and leaves. Muriel just sits there, glaring balefully into the night, the untouched tray of food by her side.
70) 0) text: Evelyn stands outside her room, listening to the bells, sipping a cup of tea, pensive. She looks down into a dilapidated part of the building, where the staff are housed. Women in bright saris go about their business. INT/EXT. MURIEL’S ROOM/VERANDAH, MARIGOLD HOTEL ~ DAY 76 From her wheelchair, Muriel is re-making her bed. She tucks in a perfect hospital corner. 77 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 48. She looks up. Anokhi is on the verandah, replacing her untouched supper tray with breakfast. Anokhi is about to leave, but stops. Then she goes to fetch Muriel’s jar of pickle from the windowsill, and places it on the table. Muriel watches, then wheels herself outside, looks at the tray. From outside, Sonny’s voice can be heard.
86) 0) text: Ajit is now pushing Muriel through a poverty-stricken slu The people live on the streets, or in collapsing tin shacks. Everywhere there is struggle and deprivation. And yet the pervasive atmosphere is nowhere near as depressing as we would expect. The colours are bright, th smiles on the children's faces even brighter. Not that Muriel can recognise the joy, of course. She’s horrified by her surroundings. And acutely aware of the stares of the slum-dwellers. EXT. ANOKHI’S HUT - DAY 98A A primitive brick and cement hut, one of the few amongst dwellings made mostly from sticks and plastic bags. A bunch of young kids are fascinated by Muriel’s wheelchair, pushing it around and taking turns to sit on it. 99 100 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 68. INT. ANOKHI’S HUT - DAY 99 Muriel sits on the only chair. Opposite - squashed together as if posing for a photograp are all the generations of Anokhi’s family: Anokhi hersel her husband, mother, grandmother, and several children. They all smile at Muriel. A long pause. Then Muriel turns to Ajit.
87) 0) text: Jean walks down the path to the gate. She stops, looks fearfully at the chaotic sea of humanity outside. She's unable to move. Finally, she steps out. And is of course immediately assaulted by the assorted kids, beggars, street vendors, etc. As anxiety begins to engulf her, she quickens her pace, brushing through them as best she can, until she is almos running. 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 70. 102 INT. ANOKHI’S HUT - DAY 102 Muriel is still at the tea party. Anokhi speaks. Ajit translates.
87) 4) dialog: farkha dhal. Chapati.
94) 0) text: The back of the hotel, where Sonny envisages his Phase Tw development. Very dilapidated. Anokhi is cleaning pots. Young Wasim sits in the corner. Ajit has just wheeled Muriel into the courtyard.