1) 0) text: GILES, a judge in full wig and robes, moves quickly down corridor. He passes other judges, going the opposite way. He arrives at the office of GRAHAM DASHWOOD, goes in. GRAHAM is at his desk. His robes are on a hanger, his wig is on a stand beside him.
2) 0) text: Moments later. Graham and Giles walk down the corridor.
2) 1) dialog: Bloody retirement parties. Hard cheese, soft wine, and endless speeches. Why do people do that? No one ever said about any kind of party: it was a wonderful occasion, just a shame that the speeches were so short.
2) 3) dialog: One day very soon.
3) 2) dialog: This is the day. Everyone looks round at him. He’s almost as surprised as they are that he’s spoken out loud.
3) 4) dialog: This is the day. He turns and walks out.
11) 0) text: Graham, the judge, is in his office. It’s nearly empty; his entire life is being packed away. His friend Giles watches him put more things in boxes.
11) 2) dialog: D’you want these books?
11) 4) dialog: Mrs Megson! His cleaner, MRS MEGSON, comes in.
11) 7) dialog: Absolutely. There’s a slight crack on the bottom. But I think you might know something about that already. Mrs Megson goes. GRAHAM (cont‘’d) I used to live there. A long time ago.
17) 0) text: The passengers from Flight 1045 to Delhi are seated at th gate, waiting to board. Muriel is wheeled up by an attendant and parked at the en of the only remaining row of empty chairs. Douglas and Jean are already sitting there. Jean smiles politely as Graham sits down a couple of seat away. Norman arrives, carrying his battery radio, sees an empty place between Jean and Madge, who is sitting at the end. He smiles knowingly at Madge as he sits. Finally Evelyn takes the only available space, between Graham and Douglas. And there the seven passengers wait patiently, unaware of their common fate. The sound of a jet engine, quiet at first, finally engulf them.
19) 0) text: Evelyn, Douglas, Jean and Graham are descending on an escalator. Madge is a few steps up.
19) 3) dialog: (to Evelyn) And is this your first time in India?
20) 0) text: Hours later. The airport is deserted, except for the Marigold Hotel party, who sit slumped and exhausted on another row of seats, with Muriel’s wheelchair at the oth end. After a moment, Graham says ...
20) 1) dialog: Alright. Plan B.
22) 0) text: Moments later. Our heroes are in the middle of an extraordinary scene. Stifling heat, deafening noise; the chaos, the bustle, the grime, the crowds, the life. They’re surrounded by taxi drivers, baggage handlers,beggars etc. All clamouring for their attention. Evelyn looks a little shocked. Jean is traumatized, a handkerchief to her face. 28 29 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 19. Graham, at the ticket booth, triumphantly holds up a fistful of tickets.
22) 1) dialog: (shouting over the din) The bus will drop us in the centre of town. We can take tuk- tuks the rest of the way! They follow him through the hordes. And see their bus. It’s absolutely rammed. People are practically hanging ou of the windows.
22) 3) dialog: It’s time to prove the first and only rule of India: there's always room. He starts to fight his way to the door. Evelyn’s at the back. She stops, for a moment, looks around her.
26) 0) text: Everyone is asleep, or trying to sleep. Except Muriel. She reaches into her bag, and carefully removes a biscuit. She surreptitiously lifts it to her mouth, and starts to chew. Madge has fallen asleep on Evelyn’s shoulder. But Evelyn is still awake, as is Graham.
26) 2) dialog: Forty years.
26) 4) dialog: I’m sorry.
26) 6) dialog: God, don’t ask me. I’m more scared than you are. They both smile, sit in silence for a bit. GRAHAM (cont’d) Yes. I think it’s going to be extraordinary. 32 33 34
52) 0) text: Graham is in a rickshaw. The rickshaw driver, PRAVESH, is driving it through a neighborhood in transition. Skeletal structures of a new India rise above the houses.
53) 0) text: Some kids playing cricket. The rickshaw weaves its way through them and comes to a halt. Graham gets out, and stands in the street, dwarfed by a huge modern building, some months away from completion.
53) 1) dialog: This can’t be right, surely?
53) 3) dialog: But there were houses all along here ... these were homes.
53) 5) dialog: No. That’ll do for now. Thank you. He hands over some money, and Pravesh pedals away. Graham turns to look at the boys playing cricket. One of them, SANJAY, is batting. GRAHAM (cont'd) Excuse me. There used to be houses here ...
53) 7) dialog: And the people? The families? 62 63 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 36.
53) 9) dialog: Don't grip so tightly with your right hand. Sanjay looks puzzled. GRAHAM (cont'd) On the bat. The right is just a guide. Keep your left elbow high, play down the line of your arm, and then you'll hit through the ball .. Sanjay looks at him, squinting in the sun.
58) 0) text: Graham is playing cricket with the teenagers. He’s good, too. He whacks a ball off into the distance.
58) 1) dialog: (triumphant)
58) 4) dialog: Come on. Do your worst. They’re both enjoying the banter, as Sanjay heads back to the beginning of his run-up, then turns and sprints in to As Graham watches Sanjay running towards him, Sanjay seem to slow, his movements becoming sluggish, never seeming t reach the crease. He looks at the faces of the other boys frozen, waiting. The ball seems to take forever to leave Sanjay’s hand. Graham steps back, completely fails to play a stroke, and is bowled.
58) 6) dialog: Yes. Yes, I'm fine.
64) 0) text: Jean is sitting in a chair, reading. Graham comes up the path.
64) 2) dialog: Mrs Ainslie. I hope you had a good day. What did you get up to?
64) 4) dialog: Why would you not go out? There’s so much to see. Jean had hoped for some appreciation of her wit, and is floored by his question. She can hardly understand, let alone tell him, the depths of her discomfort. GRAHAM (cont‘d) Open your eyes, Mrs Ainslie. All life is here, I tell you. Jean stares at him. He goes on through the archway into the hotel. Then stops. GRAHAM (cont'd) I could talk to the chef, if you like. Perhaps get you some grilled chicken, plain rice.
66) 0) text: Evelyn comes into the dining area. Graham is there, at a table in the corner.
66) 1) dialog: Good evening.
66) 3) dialog: I‘d rather hear about yours.
66) 5) dialog: A role I'm sure you’ll perform with great distinction. He’s about to inquire further, when Evelyn sees Douglas a Jean emerge from their room.
66) 7) dialog: I’m flattered you shared it with me. He turns to greet the new arrivals. GRAHAM (cont’d) Good evening, the Ainslies. 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 45.
66) 13) dialog: Well, I’ve just finished telling Mrs Greenslade all about it. Evelyn registers the lie, but says nothing.
66) 15) dialog: I talked to the chef for you. He said it will be no problem.
67) 0) text: Graham and Evelyn emerge through the arch heading for the rooms. Graham starts down the stairs.
67) 2) dialog: Goodnight to you. He seems about to say something else. She waits for a moment, then walks on. GRAHAM (cont'd) Mrs Greenslade?
67) 4) dialog: Can I show you something?
68) 0) text: Moments later. Evelyn is sitting in front of Graham’'s collage.
68) 1) dialog: I grew up here. Just a short drive away. It was a big house, and we had servants, everyone did. We knew their wives, their children. One boy, Manoj, became my friend. We played a lot of cricket together, played anything we could. And that’s how it stayed for years. Until one night, he became something more. (beat) We had a few months, we had that. There was a weekend in Udaipur, we sat by a lake and watched the sun go down, and I remember thinking ... I will never be this happy again. And I was right. Because quite suddenly it was over. We'd fallen asleep, and they found us. (MORE)
68) 5) dialog: And now I think .. what if I am the last person on earth he wants to see? Evelyn says nothing. GRAHAM (cont'd) I don’t think I can go through with it.
68) 7) dialog: Yes. Yes. Oh yes.
72) 3) dialog: She won't speak English. She’s what used to be called an Untouchable. An outcast, born below society. To a good Hindu, even her shadow is polluted. He greets Anokhi in Hindi, and heads for the door.
72) 5) dialog: I don’t think so. I’m gay. Although nowadays more in theory than practice. Good day. He leaves. A moment later, Jean comes rushing out. Immediately she realises two things; first, that Graham h already gone. And second, that Muriel is watching her.
74) 0) text: Graham comes into the chaotic office. The bookish official, MR CHIDAMBRAM, is behind the desk.
74) 1) dialog: Good morning.
74) 3) dialog: Yes, you did say that. You did. 83 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11
74) 5) dialog: I‘ll try not to come in tomorrow.
77) 0) text: Graham comes through the courtyard, heads for his room. Muriel is on her verandah.
77) 1) dialog: Good evening. Muriel nods at him, and he goes on into his room. A moment later, Jean sits down next to Muriel.
89) 3) dialog: But I’ve filled out that form. I've given it to you. Many times.
89) 5) dialog: But it’s the same enquiry I make every day.
90) 0) text: Jean is hurrying down a corridor. Behind her, Graham emerges from a doorway, and calls to her
91) 0) text: Later. Jean and Graham are sitting in an elegant tea room Jean is still very shaken.
91) 2) dialog: Unutterable beauty. Everywhere. In the light, the colours, the smiles, the people who see life as a privilege not a right, and so teach me something every day. The waiter brings their tea.
91) 6) dialog: Yes. That’s progress. Where were you going? 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 73.
91) 8) dialog: Jean -
91) 10) dialog: I’m gay. She stares at him. Beat.
91) 12) dialog: I’m not embarrassed. Jean smiles wanly, grateful for his lie. 107 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11
96) 0) text: Graham and Evelyn are having drinks.
96) 2) dialog: I‘d love to take you. Perhaps - He breaks off. Douglas and Jean have come in. Jean looks rather desperate.
96) 4) dialog: Good evening, Mrs Ainslie. Please allow me. He pulls a chair out for her. She shoots him a look of passionate gratitude for his exquisite sensitivity.
98) 0) text: Douglas, Graham and Evelyn are looking at the menu. Sonny bursts in.
98) 2) dialog: What is it, Sonny?
98) 4) dialog: That is great news. What are working?
98) 6) dialog: Well, congratulations.
99) 0) text: Graham, Evelyn, and Douglas are walking quickly up a quie street.
99) 1) dialog: It's a false alarm. There’s no way they could find anything in that office. They probably just picked an address at random, just to keep me off their backs. I’m sure that’s what happened. It’s going to be nothing. Don’t you think it’s going to be nothing?
99) 3) dialog: Yes. Yes I should. (beat) Yes.
100) 0) text: Some men sit under a tree, playing cards. 120 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 84. Across the street, Graham approaches a house. At a polite distance, Evelyn and Douglas wait. Graham knocks at the open door. A woman, GAURIKA, appears. She stares at Graham.
100) 1) dialog: I’m sorry to disturb you so late. My name is Graham Dashwood. A long time ago I -
100) 3) dialog: I am afraid I don’t know you.
100) 5) dialog: (after a fraction of a beat) I’m very pleased to meet you. And if you could, if you would tell him that I called around, I‘d appreciate that very much, and - He breaks off. She’s walked past him, looking to the othe side of the road. He turns to look at the men playing cards. Gaurika calls Hindi. A beautiful-looking man looks up. MANOJ. He looks across at the house. Stands up slowly as Graham walks across the street towards him. Graham reaches him. The two men just stand there for a moment. Then they hug very tightly. From the steps of the house, Gaurika watches. Evelyn looks at her, fascinated. Across the street, Manoj and Graham are still holding eac other, unable to let go.
114) 0) text: The same street. The sun is just coming up, and traders a setting up their stalls, spreading their wares on rugs on the ground. One trader is unloading some fruit. A few guava roll off the edge of his wagon. Someone picks them up for him. It’s Graham, who smiles as he puts them back. The trader gives him a fresh one. Graham takes it, and walks on, munching the delicious fruit. A contented man.
115) 1) dialog: How did it go? Norman turns, to see Graham standing above him.
115) 3) dialog: I saw someone yesterday, a man I hadn't seen for many years. A man I’ve loved all my life. a bit startled by this.
115) 5) dialog: Yes.
115) 7) dialog: (smiling, unperturbed) I didn’t know how he’d been in the meantime, didn’t want to guess. I brought disgrace upon him and his family, and imagined he might hate me for it. (beat) But we talked all night. He’s been happy. He’s led a peaceful life, married to a woman who understood him and loved him nonetheless. But he’s never forgotten me. That’s what he said. (beat) I asked his forgiveness anyway. He said he had nothing to forgive me for. That instead I should forgive myself. (beat) All that time. All that time I believed I’d sentenced him to a life of shame. When I was the one in prison. (beat) But not any more. 135 136 137 138 139 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 91. Silence for a while.
115) 9) dialog: Yes. Norman smiles, then stands and goes on inside. Graham settles back into his chair, looks out at the worl GRAHAM (cont'd) Not any more.
118) 0) text: Graham is watching a stunningly beautiful bird. A snow crane; white and magnificent. It’s on the grass in front of him. Then it opens its huge wings, takes off. And flies up int the bright blue sky. It’s an extraordinary sight. As Graham watches the snow crane swoop and dip, it appear suddenly to slow and stall, until it seems to hang in the air, almost motionless.
120) 0) text: Graham is still sitting in the garden.
125) 0) text: A ruined garden, surrounded by the waters of the lake, crumbling pillared porticoes and arches. What must once have been a royal retreat is now long abandoned and overgrown. Graham's friends stand watching the pyre, transfixed by t flames. Manoj, dressed in white, stands with Gaurika. He recites a Hindi prayer.