0) 0) text: Rocky, PAULIE, DUKE (TONY) and ADRIAN are swept along by the adoring crowd. The entourage disappears around the corner. The mood is insanely festive and the multitude of Russian VOICES shouting uncensored praise REVERBERATES down the cement corridors... The Russians are CHANTING "Rocky, Rocky!"
0) 1) dialog: You come through like a champ.
0) 9) dialog: Everybody get back! The stunned crowd surges around the fallen fighter.
0) 15) dialog: Everybody get the hell back. The man needs air!
2) 5) dialog: The man took the worse beatin’ I ever seen, Paulie looks at him and lights another cigarette.
12) 0) text: Rocky walks out with Adrian and Dr. Kruskin. Paulie and Duke (Tony) approach.
12) 1) dialog: How ya feelin', champ?
14) 0) text: The CAMERA DOLLIES BACK among all the sleeping passen- - gers in first class. It ROLLS PAST Paulie and Duke (Tony) who are fast asleep. Paulie has five empty miniature Scotch bottles on the fold-out tray. The CAMERA ARRIVES at Rocky and Adrian. He is awake, so is she. They are both lost in deep thought. Rocky's head leans on Adrian's shoulder.
18) 0) text: Rocky, Adrian, Paulie (wearing an American flag around - his shoulders), and Duke (Tony) exit the plane. Rocky is wearing sunglasses to hide the bruising. Rocky is overwhelmed by the reception.
20) 6) text: bl 24a 11/6/89 12. CONTINUED: 24a Rocky and company look up as a limousine appears through the center of the band. Written on the side of the limo is "G.W. DUKE PROMOTIONS.“ A VOICE booms from a LOUDSPEAKER in the limo's grill.
20) 7) dialog: {booming) Rocky Balboa, stay where you are! This is George Washington Duke welcoming you home, champ! ROCKY JR. This is radical!
20) 8) dialog: People, please hold it where you are! A large black man in his fifties approaches. His name is GEORGE WASHINGTON DUKE, raconteur, playboy and ultra successful fight promoter. At his side is his assistant and yes man par excellence, MERLIN SHEETS. He is in his late thirties or early forties, he is of average or slightly below average height. Even though he has a perennial smile stretched across his face, his ~ eyes radiate a pit bull tenacity. Beside Merlin is a burly black heavyweight fighter named UNION CANE. With his close cropped or shaved head Cane radiates a power- ful presence, he is in his middle thirties, a civil man.
20) 9) dialog: You did such an extraordinary job, champ, you deserve a royal welcome home, and here it is! Congratulations for a wonderful performance, champ.
20) 13) dialog: Don't wanna hold up the procession, but I did wanna be the first to welcome back Philly's favorite son and his lovely wife. Please go on, we'll see you inside, champ! cUT TO: bl 2483 11/6/89 13.
21) 8) dialog: (steps forward) Champ, that was a beautiful answer! That's right, keep the doctors out of the ring! Now I would like to digress from the questions and present a little exciting proposition for the media. Now everyone in this city and certainly the world of sports knows my reputation of promoting some of the finest extravaganzas in this country...
21) 15) dialog: +e. Modesty's a virtue, Merlin, but hell yes, the world over! So now with the press present, I want to ask you to be the rambunctious, flamboyant sportsman we've come to know you to be and offer this man here, Union Cane, the opportunity to challenge you for the Heavyweight Championship of the World. Cane steps forward.
21) 19) dialog: Timing's the essence of life, gentlemen. And what I propose is not just an ordinary title fight, but an international superstar event.
21) 21) dialog: I'm layin' out the groundwork for a fantastic extravaganza. A super mighty fight to be held in Japan that will be called “Lettin' it go in Tokyo." I've been breakin alotta bread with my little Japanese brothers an' they have put their millions where their mouth is! So brother, what I have on paper is the largest guarantee ever offered to a champion on this earth! Man, they do love you over there -- Rocky Balboa, America's Dream Machine! (MORE) (CONTINUED)
21) 24) dialog: People, ain't it incredible that only in America could a black man and a white man both rise from oppression, rise from poverty to join hands in an unbelievable international event like "Lettin' it go in Tokyo." Yes, only in America! So, Rocky, all I need is your blessing and you and Union Cane will be part of the richest event to ever hit the Orient!
21) 26) dialog: Mrs. Balboa, you're not against your husband being an international ambassador of sports?
21) 28) dialog: Well, he looks prime-time to me.
21) 30) dialog: Ain't that the truth. That's what you are to folks, the “Dream Machine," a world class champ. And a world class champ's gotta be part of the planet, so can I say that in front of the press here -- Balboa vs. Cane in Japan for the title?
21) 32) dialog: (to Rocky) The people are waiting for you to step up, brother.
21) 39) dialog: (draws closer) A battle between you and Cane would be worth a fortune, it's prime time! We all live once, retire? Hell, when we die we're gonna retire for an eternity, don't rush it!
52) 14) dialog: Mr. Robert "Rocky" Balboa! Good to see you again, friend. {to Tommy) Boy, I have some business here, thank you, my man. Steps forward.
52) 16) dialog: Got my health, what more can a man ask for?
52) 21) dialog: Work? Where, here in this accident? (gestures toward the building) You truly have fallen on bad times, haven't you, champ?
54) 3) dialog: Bullshit to that notion, brother. Let me lay out some data an' facts. You do have marquee value, because you do put butts in the buckets, I'm talkin' asses in the seats! A businessman with any sort of brain don't expire an’ retire when he can put asses into seats unless he’s sittin' on his own brain! Only in America do we get these opportunities! Only here!
54) 6) dialog: Union Cane's gonna be champ soon, fact of life. When he is, challenge him an‘ damn if you won't be right back on your sweet feet with this one match-up. ‘Cause people love comebacks, they love longshots, they love fairy tales, an’ brother, there's nothin’ in boxing more ultra commercial than an ultra fairy tale comeback of a down-on-his- luck snow-white underdog! Hell, ya'll be too rich to bitch! Like Mark Twain once said, "Virtue has never been as respectable as money!" (CONTINUED)
54) 15) dialog: Hell no, don't do that, ya still got drawin' power an' boxin' ain't nothin’ but show business with * bruises, pure an’ simple! And * hell, Union Cane can fight five other contenders, but who cares about a string of nobodies, they're muscle, but ain't got no - mystique. Now Cane’s old, an' yeah, he's still the best around -- {to Merlin) -- but I think he could take him.
54) 18) dialog: This comeback's in the bag an’ worth millions. We'll all fill our pockets. An' if ya got people you wanna work with ya, bring them on. Crumbs from the table of plenty feed many. This deal is hot -- calliente!
54) 23) dialog: Where'd you come from? Mrs. Balboa just appeared! Did you see that, the woman's magic.
54) 26) dialog: What's everyone doing for dinner?
54) 28) dialog: (harder) I'm talkin' business now, an' brother, do you like being poor? Do you like reachin' in ya pocket an’ only feelin’ ya leg? You can have your wife do ya rappin', but I'm gonna tell you your blowin’ ya last golden opportunity to dump this loser image so you never have to work in a trash house like this. Man, get in bed with me an' I'll make ya so much money you and your wife'll be able to swim in it. (to Adrian) You can swim, right? {to Rocky) What do you say?
54) 31) dialog: Brother, ya gotta car license? Got somethin' like that?
54) 35) dialog: ‘Cause someday I might need a new limo driver. Duke looks hard at Rocky then brushes past Tommy and heads to the limo.
62) 0) text: Union Cane sweating profusely and standing beside his promoter, George Washington Duke.
85) 0) text: Better crowd, better competition. Tommy is being mauled by a short, muscular, black fighter. He is bulled against the ropes. Watching intently from the audience is George Washington Duke.
86) 0) text: Tommy slips off the ropes and sets the black fighter up with two jabs. Rocky, at ringside, is doing the same physical actions as Tommy. Rocky mimes an uppercut. In the ring, Tommy throws a lead right followed by a left hook and his opponent crumbles to the canvas. WHIP PAN: to Rocky leaping up in elation. WHIP PAN: to George Washington Duke eyeing the scene with mounting interest. He whispers to the well- groomed man seated at his right.
88) 0) text: George Washington Duke is walking up the arena aisle drinking in all of Tommy's adulation. (CONTINUED)
88) 6) dialog: (to Merlin) This man's getting too much heat!
93) 0) text: Tommy nearly punches a large heavyweight through the ropes. George Washington Duke looks on. Seated next to him is the black Heavyweight Champ, Union Cane.
99) 0) text: Tommy wins again. George Washington Duke is in the audience. He smiles. The audience is extra heavy with young women. Duke notices this.
100) 0) text: The door opens and a huge gift basket with champagne is brought in. The large banner across the basket reads: “Congratulations, from George Washington Duke." Tommy's elated. Jimmy and Paulie stare at Rocky, who manages a weak smile.
109) 0) text: Tommy has knocked out his most recent opponent as Rocky embraces him near the corner. George Washington Duke stands on the ring apron and grabs Tommy's hand and shakes it with great flourish while exhorting the crowd to cheer more. Rocky is speechless.
113) 0) text: Duke walks with Tommy in a first clads apartment decorated with modern furniture. Also Present is a beautiful blonde named KAREN. Tommy is impressed, to say the least. Merlin is present.
113) 1) dialog: This is something you could have, whatta ya think?
116) 0) text: With the press and many girls present, Tommy sits on the shoulder of Rocky's statue. Karen is present, Duke stands in the b.g. Photos are taken. cuT TO:
121) 0) text: Rocky is yelling instructions to Tommy as Jimmy admin- isters water and Paulie holds ice on his stomach. George Washington Duke sits ringside with Merlin and Karen. The bell RINGS and Tommy puts the finishing touches on a very tough opponent. Tommy's eyes are swollen, but full of fire. His opponent is knocked-out cold. Rocky and company leap into the ring. Tommy waves to Duke who waves back. Karen climbs onto the ring apron. With a keen eye for the camera, she kisses Tommy. The scene FREEZES and becomes a front Page PHOTO on the sports page with the caption: “KNOCKED OUT BY LOVE."
124) 0) text: Tommy sits in a corner with Duke, Merlin and Karen. There are twenty other chic guests milling around. A beautiful Christmas tree adorns the room.
124) 1) dialog: This is it, Tommy.
124) 3) dialog: What it's all about, having the best, like Karen here. Knowing the best, wearing the best, but to keep it up ya gotta be on top.
124) 9) dialog: My pleasure, but you gotta realize this is a business and money's the name of the game. Tommy, you're a hungry boy, am I right?
124) 12) dialog: Well, me too. I'm hungry to promote the best fighters in the world. If that's a character flaw, then hell, I'm flawed to the bone! (laughs) - Now, I checked with the Boxing Commission. There's no contract between you and Balboa.
124) 14) dialog: Let's go in there, I don't want anybody to know our business. Excuse me, darling. Duke, Tommy and Merlin move off toward the bedroom. cur TO:
125) 1) dialog: (closes the door) I don't have to tell you Rocky's caught a lotta shots in the last ten years. You understand what I'm sayin'.
125) 6) dialog: The man's soft an' this is a hard business, but I don't have to tell ya that, do I. Plus, it's gotta be damned difficult living in Rocky's shadow, peopie callin’ you his puppet.
125) 9) dialog: Hanging on to him is dead weight. He belongs to the past like a damn dinosaur. He's a pug, I'm a businessman, an‘ as long as he's your man, ya gonna watch the Parade go by. Man, you haven't made the big payday yet, an' ya - won't until ya fight the top contenders; and those contenders, Tommy, I do surely own. Make no mistake about it, a great white hope who can hold the title is worth, an' I know you won't believe it, well over a hundred million dollars. But hell, you've gotta make the move. Look at this place, my intentions are clear.
125) 13) dialog: Yes it is. Duke motions to Merlin who picks up a briefcase and opens it on the bed. (CONTINUED)
125) 19) dialog: (continuing) There's thirty thousand dollars, take it as an advance.
125) 21) dialog: Nothin's wrong with the present. Now ya gonna see what boxing is all about. It's time to put some hustle behind this muscle. cuT TO: 147
128) 0) text: Paulie opens the door and stands face-to-face with george Washington Duke, Merlin, Tommy and Karen, looking very sumptuous.
128) 1) dialog: Am I interrupting anything?
128) 3) dialog: Not really. Rocky around? Adrian steps out and she sees Tommy and Duke. (CONTINUED)
128) 8) dialog: I'm lookin' for the man, where's the man?
128) 13) dialog: Merry Christmas, my Lord.
128) 17) dialog: This, of course, is the little man? Good-lookin' boy. (CONTINUED)
128) 21) dialog: Listen, I don't want to take up too much time. I just wanted to come by and give some season's greetings. I got a few presents for everybody in the car. Tommy'll get ‘em after I leave, I get embarrassed. Duke comes over and robustly shakes Rocky's hand.
128) 22) dialog: (continuing; to Rocky) Did a helluva job with the man. I'd have to be blind, wouldn't I, -~ if I didn't say a title shot isn't in the cards. We're gonna work beautiful together. Duke pats Tommy on the shoulder.
128) 25) dialog: Tommy boy's got somethin' to discuss with you personal like, so T'll be goin'. Merry Christmas. Duke leaves. Paulie faces Tommy.
130) 0) text: Tommy is signing a contract with George Washington Duke. Rocky stands in the b.g., likewise Merlin. FLASHES abound. CLOSEUP of Duke standing with Rocky and Tommy.
130) 1) dialog: It is my honor to represent Tommy Gunn, the hottest fighter on the planet today! This splendorous young man has all the magnificent manifestations to be a future world champion.
131) 9) dialog: It means Rocky Balboa will, of course, remain Tommy's trainer.
131) 11) dialog: No, the manager of record now is Merlin Sheets.
140) 0) text: It is packed with hangers-on. The crowd, numbering twenty, play MUSIC and drink. Duke smiles and moves through the crowd. Cane's in an adjoining room getting his hands taped.
140) 2) dialog: Give us a good show, brother.
140) 4) dialog: You're a fighter, so fight it. Duke exits. 166 10/27/89 111.
143) 0) text: George Washington Duke sits with well-to-do types. He wawes at the crowd.
148) 2) dialog: Take no prisoners, my man,
155) 0) text: George Washington Duke glances back and forth between Tommy and Cane. He gives a subtle nod to Tommy. Rocky sees this.
169) 0) text: The Referee motions for the fight to resume. Tommy looks over at Duke who smiles. Cane makes a feeble attempt at a combination. Tommy takes it and proceeds to pound the champion around the ring. Three hooks and a right have the champion nearly out.
190) 0) text: Paulie looks at Rocky and throws down a towel. Rocky turns and looks at Tommy, who is now being congratulated by George Washington Duke. Rocky climbs into the ring.
192) 4) dialog: Never better! What could be better? Tommy's the king now.
192) 8) dialog: Before anymore is said, I believe a prediction is apropos. This great event has brought forth a champion of the people and for the people. See everybody at the party. cur TO:
203) 0) text: Tommy sits on a throne wearing a king's crown and robe. Duke is at his side. Camera FLASHES strobe all over the room. : cut TO: 238 239 240 241 10/27/89 129.
208) 0) text: He is still being interviewed.. DUKE . «+. nothing has the passion, the excitement, the...
210) 0) text: Duke steps up and tries to simmer the scene down.
210) 1) dialog: This is nothing, people, an in- house disagreement. (to Tommy) Get hurt, man, it'll cost you a fortune.
210) 4) dialog: You two have gone crazy!?!
225) 0) text: Duke and Merlin standing on the crowd's inner perimeter. (CONTINUED)
225) 6) dialog: Stay on him, man! cut TO:
234) 1) dialog: You got it! We got ratin's tonight! The crowd is pouring out.
236) 6) dialog: C'mon, man, you look like a damn fool.
240) 1) dialog: You blew a fortune. You a fool now, a fool to everybody, you son of a bitch! Tommy rises and glares at Duke.