55) 0) text: Rocky Jr. moves along the hallway as students flow in and out of classes. A group of four youths follow - behind him. The leader is named CHICKIE GRABOWSKY, a Slavic-looking, mean-spirited bastard. A girl named JEWEL is also a member of the group. Rocky Jr.'s leather coat stands out.
55) 1) dialog: Hey, ain't you Rocky's kid? ROCKY JR. Excuse me?
55) 2) dialog: I said, ain't you...
55) 14) dialog: Don't take his coat.
55) 19) dialog: (softly) Better let him have it. Rocky Jr. swallows his pride and removes the coat.
58) 46) dialog: (continuing) Ya cold? Ya look cold. ROCKY JR. Don't worry about it.
58) 47) dialog: Here, take my coat. I gotta sweater. ROCKY JR. No thanks. Where's ya boyfriend?
58) 48) dialog: Him? Forget it. He needs to get manners, class -- y'know. Hey, I'm Jewel, by the way. ROCKY JR. I'm gonna get my coat back someday.
58) 49) dialog: Good. So how was it being rich? They walk off.
105) 0) text: Chickie is spraying the wall with graffiti. Chickie stops Rocky Jr. and asks for his money. Rocky Jr. fakes like he is reaching into his pocket, then sudden- ly slams Chickie in the jaw, dropping the bigger boy. Jewel is present.
107) 0) text: Chickie is beat to a pulp and Finally falls senseless to the ground. Rocky Jr. takes money out of Chickie's pocket, counts out four dollars and throws the rest - down. Jewel follows Rocky Jr. as he strides away.
115) 0) text: Rocky, Adrian, Paulie and Rocky Jr. are looking rather subdued. Rocky Jr. looks quite different now, having taken a new hairstyle and manner of dress. He's become street-smart. Jewel stands next to him. Paulie watches TELEVISION as Rocky sits at the dining room table that has been decorated with balloons. Rocky stares at a birthday cake that reads "Happy Birthday, Tommy.” A pair of sugar boxing gloves also adorn the Cake. Rocky looks at Adrian who looks at her watch, then slips out of the room. Rocky shrugs and motions for Rocky Jr. to go ahead and cut the cake. Rocky Jr. takes Jewel and leaves.
123) 0) text: Christmas MUSIC is heard as Paulie, dressed as Santa Claus, sits by the tree. Rocky Jr. is looking tough with two other kids, Chickie and Jewel.
126) 0) text: Rocky, Adrian, Rocky Jr., Chickie, Jewel, Chickie's friend and Paulie, dressed as Santa, are present, Rocky Jr.
129) 57) text: , Rocky. Jr. and his friends are standing in a pool of -~ I ovided by a lackluster streetlamp. Chickie and @s are smoking. Rocky Jr. tries a drag and F@lightly. His friends laugh at Rocky Jr.'s fring. Jewel is standing next to Rocky Jr.
129) 64) dialog: I'1l call you tomorrow, okay? ROCKY JR. ee Okay.
129) 65) dialog: (passing Rocky) You ain't gonna hit him?
131) 0) text: Adrian is watching the press conference on TELEVISION. Rocky Jr. and Jewel are present. The scene will CUT AND FORTH between the actual press conference and television: