19) 5) dialog: Dad, Dad!
23) 3) dialog: Dad, come on down to my room, okay.
26) 2) dialog: {radio voice) Hello, everybody in radio land. Tonight I had a special interview with Rocky Balboa. Mr. Balboa, is it true you're really not going to fight anymore?
26) 4) dialog: Why?
26) 6) dialog: Mr. Balboa, don't get mad or anything, but you sound different since you've come home. (CONTINUED)
26) 10) dialog: Different -- y'know, a little different.
27) 1) dialog: as his father brushes his hair from his eyes. The room is dark except for a light on the bedside table. The light is in the shape of a boxing glove.
27) 9) dialog: Why's mom yelling?
29) 0) text: Rocky Jr., hidden half in the shadows, steps up to the balcony railing and listens.
33) 0) text: Adrian stands in the rear of the living room as an AUCTIONEER moves from one piece of furniture to the next. A group of forty people mill around and make bids. Paulie sits on the second floor landing as the Auctioneer's VOICE filters upstairs. Paulie sips from a flask. Rocky Jr. enters the room and looks at the crowd. ROCKY JR. Why don't you get out! Get out! (to his mother) It's our house! The boy runs out of the stunned room. Adrian follows. cur TO:
49) 0) text: The dilapidated house has a tiny concrete yard sur- rounded by a peeling, nondescript colored wooden fence. Adrian and Rocky Jr. are arguing in the back yard. Rocky Jr. is pacing with agitation. There is fear on his face. ROCKY JR. I don't want to! I can't, Mom, I don't know what to do! I can't, Mom. Please don't make me go there. Rocky stands at the door and listens to the animated conversation.
49) 6) dialog: Mom, since we're in a new neighborhood, can you call me Robert. I want to be called by ny real name, Junior's going to get me killed. Rocky walks out of the back door.
55) 0) text: Rocky Jr. moves along the hallway as students flow in and out of classes. A group of four youths follow - behind him. The leader is named CHICKIE GRABOWSKY, a Slavic-looking, mean-spirited bastard. A girl named JEWEL is also a member of the group. Rocky Jr.'s leather coat stands out.
55) 6) text: 71 10/27/89 CONTINUED; Rocky Jr. He smacks so. 71 ROCKY JR. What?
61) 0) text: Rocky, Tommy, Paulie, Adrian, and Rocky Jr. are sitting around the table. Rocky Jr. has a swollen eye.
61) 7) text: 85 CONTINUED: : as ROCKY JR. ‘Cause they were making fun of you, and I said something.
61) 17) text: 86 10/27/89 , 64. CONTINUED: (2) 8s ROCKY JR. Balloon? I don't get it.
68) 0) text: Across the gym Rocky Jr. is being instructed by Jimmy, The child awkwardly jabs into a pair of punch mitts.
70) 0) text: Rocky Jr. is entering the building. He is intercepted - by Chickie.
72) 0) text: Rocky Jr. stands on the side trying to imitate his father's moves. Jimmy helps out. INT. PAULIE'S ROW HOUSE - ROCKY JR.'S BEDROOM — 99
89) 0) text: Tommy pounds away at the speed bag. Rocky Jr. stands in the rear of the gym working out alone. He eyes Tommy with envy.
102) 0) text: Tommy, Rocky, Paulie, Rocky Jr. (who's looking tougher) and Adrian are all seated at the Thanksgiving table. Tommy and Rocky dominate the room with animated conver- sation about fighting, thus ignoring everyone present. cut TO:
105) 0) text: Chickie is spraying the wall with graffiti. Chickie stops Rocky Jr. and asks for his money. Rocky Jr. fakes like he is reaching into his pocket, then sudden- ly slams Chickie in the jaw, dropping the bigger boy. Jewel is present.
107) 0) text: Chickie is beat to a pulp and Finally falls senseless to the ground. Rocky Jr. takes money out of Chickie's pocket, counts out four dollars and throws the rest - down. Jewel follows Rocky Jr. as he strides away.
115) 0) text: Rocky, Adrian, Paulie and Rocky Jr. are looking rather subdued. Rocky Jr. looks quite different now, having taken a new hairstyle and manner of dress. He's become street-smart. Jewel stands next to him. Paulie watches TELEVISION as Rocky sits at the dining room table that has been decorated with balloons. Rocky stares at a birthday cake that reads "Happy Birthday, Tommy.” A pair of sugar boxing gloves also adorn the Cake. Rocky looks at Adrian who looks at her watch, then slips out of the room. Rocky shrugs and motions for Rocky Jr. to go ahead and cut the cake. Rocky Jr. takes Jewel and leaves.
123) 0) text: Christmas MUSIC is heard as Paulie, dressed as Santa Claus, sits by the tree. Rocky Jr. is looking tough with two other kids, Chickie and Jewel.
126) 0) text: Rocky, Adrian, Rocky Jr., Chickie, Jewel, Chickie's friend and Paulie, dressed as Santa, are present, Rocky Jr.
127) 0) text: Rocky follows his son and friends into the basement. Rocky Jr. is sitting on the makeshift bed once occupied by Tommy.
127) 12) dialog: It's true. Since he's been here, it's Tommy this, Tommy that. You don't have no time for nobody, so I got no time for you. These are my friends now, they hang out with me. You don't, do you? You have time for nobody but Tommy.
129) 57) text: , Rocky. Jr. and his friends are standing in a pool of -~ I ovided by a lackluster streetlamp. Chickie and @s are smoking. Rocky Jr. tries a drag and F@lightly. His friends laugh at Rocky Jr.'s fring. Jewel is standing next to Rocky Jr.
129) 73) text: ~ Yeah, I done a lotta bad things. ROCKY JR. eee 80?
129) 89) dialog: Se Yeah.
131) 0) text: Adrian is watching the press conference on TELEVISION. Rocky Jr. and Jewel are present. The scene will CUT AND FORTH between the actual press conference and television:
181) 0) text: Adrian and Rocky Jr. rise and leave.
232) 0) text: Taxi with Rocky Jr. and Adrian speeding. cur TO:
236) 0) text: A cab arrives at the scene and Adrian and Rocky Jr. rush out.
241) 0) text: Adrian and Rocky Jr. try to get to Rocky who is surrounded by the crowd.
241) 2) text: 280 © CONTINUED: 280 ROCKY JR. Dad, that was great! Adrian rushes up to Rocky followed by Rocky Jr.