11) 37) text: At the back of the room, ESTHER (25), a Semitic siren, pu her way to the front. A black skirt covers every inch of sexy figure.
11) 38) dialog: What about Mordechai Jefferson Carver? 
11) 44) dialog: Daddy, he's our only hope. And you know it.
11) 47) text: Esther lifts her skirt a few inches.
11) 48) dialog: Perhaps I can persuade him.
12) 4) text: The door opens to reveal a long denim skirt covering ever possible inch of flesh. We tilt up the length of the skir reveal Esther. She is breathtakingly sexy. The Hammer quickly removes his feet from the table. Esthe approaches his desk and sits.
12) 5) dialog: Mr. Jefferson Carver?
12) 8) dialog: Sorry I'm late. Traffic was a pisher, and I've been circling the block for the past half hour looking for parking. What are you listening to?
12) 12) dialog: My name is Esther. Chief Bloomenbergensteinenthal from the Jewish Defense League desperately needs to speak with you.  
12) 14) dialog: (Annoyed) Actually, his days of marital infidelity have long since past. Now he just shtoops my mother exclusively.
12) 17) dialog: Mordechai, Santa Claus has been rubbed out by his son Damian. The man's a demon. There's no telling what this new anti semitic psycho Santa is capable of.
12) 19) text: The Hammer stops himself and glances over Esther's should In the doorway stands a BLONDE BOMBSHELL in a mink coat.
12) 26) text: Esther looks down at his desk. We cut to a shot of the Hammer's In/Out Box. Both are completely empty, and thickly coated with spiderwebs.  The Hammer takes notice of her expression of skepticism.
12) 29) dialog: Why are you being so difficult? All my father wants is to just speak with...
12) 31) text: The Hammer grabs his overcoat from the coat rack. Esther up as well.
12) 32) dialog: I'm not leaving your side until I get you to agree to come speak with my father.
12) 36) dialog: (Solemnly) Before we leave, there's just one more thing. I noticed that the sign on your door says you're a certified circumcised dick. Would you mind if I asked to see your credentials?
13) 5) text: Mrs. Carver forcefully grabs Esther into an embrace resembling a bear hug, and begins to plaster her with slo kisses. Esther is visibly overwhelmed by it all as the kissing and embracing continue for a bit too long. Mrs. Carver places her tongue into Esther's ear canal as sign of affection, forcing Esther to break the embrace. M Carver and Esther look at one another strangely for an awkward few moments.
13) 7) dialog: It's Esther.
14) 0) text: The Hammer and Esther grasp their stomachs which protrude from underneath their slightly unbuttoned shirts. Plates half-eaten food are everywhere. On the table, on the dini room furniture behind them, etc.
14) 2) dialog: I don't think I could eat another latke if you paid me.
14) 5) text: Esther and the Hammer exchange looks.
14) 13) text: Esther coughs up some of her food. The Hammer interjects.
14) 15) dialog: But Hanukkah's in dan...
14) 18) text: He stands and leaves. Mrs. Carver stares lovingly at Esther.
14) 20) dialog: He's...he's very nice.          (Desperately) But Mrs. Carver, the fate of Hanukkah rests solely in his hands. Please, you have to help me.
14) 22) dialog: (Confused) What do you want me to do?
14) 24) text: Esther begins to choke again.
14) 29) text: Esther appears panicked.
14) 32) dialog: Deal.
14) 35) text: Esther begins to speak, but Mrs. Carver interrupts.
14) 37) text: Esther plays along.
14) 38) dialog: Thanks. That's...good to know.
14) 53) text: Mrs. Carver looks at Esther and winks.
35) 23) dialog: Any sign of Santa?
35) 29) text: The Sample Woman looks at him strangely as the Hammer and Esther walk on.
35) 30) dialog: You're good.
35) 37) text: Tony spits and grabs his crotch as he turns back around t take his place in front of the velvet ropes. Esther surveys their place in line. It's about fifteen de
35) 38) dialog: What are we going to do? We're at least an hour from the front.
35) 41) dialog: (To Hammer) Is that...? No, couldn't be.
35) 45) text: Esther adjusts her bust. She's incredibly sexy in her tig fitting denim jacket. She smiles flirtatiously at the Elv
35) 46) dialog: We're so sorry to have to cut, but our beautiful Gentile boy ran on ahead of us in line.
35) 48) dialog: It would mean so much to Paul and I if you'd let us through to see Santa.
35) 51) text: Tony unhinges the rope, and the two pass. The Hammer lean over to Esther.
35) 72) text: Esther is clearly jealous. The Hammer's enjoying the attention. He looks down at Bam breasts. We're talking HUGE, obviously augmented boobolas large crucifix chain hangs around her neck, nestled in between the mounds of silicone. We hear the requisite DIN it sparkles. The Hammer is released from the sexual spell of the Genti Seductress.
35) 74) text: The girls move away from the Hammer. Esther smiles at the Hammer's resolve.
35) 80) text: Esther pulls out her piece and points it at Tony.
35) 81) dialog: Back it up buddy!
35) 93) text: The Hammer and Esther look to one another. This riles the masses. Trouble.
35) 100) text: Hammer turns to Esther defeated.
35) 103) dialog: Shh. Shh, listen. Do you hear that?
36) 0) text: We appear to be in what looks like the loading dock for a 'It's A Small World After All' type water ride.  Harriet leads Esther and the Hammer into one of the waiti cars. The cars kind of have a baby Moses straw basket the going on. The 'Let My People Go' song, piped from unseen speakers, is now at full strength.
36) 3) text: She hands each of them a ticket and then lowers the lap restraints for Hammer and Esther, testing them to make su they're secure.
36) 10) text: The brakes on the water craft release, and the craft make way from the loading dock. Wide eyed, Esther and Hammer check out their surroundings Hasidic Animatronic puppets sing of thousands of years of Jewish oppression and persecution in an educational, yet oddly entertaining way.  The Hammer puts his arm around Esther and continues to ch out the attraction in wonderment.  Esther secretly glances at him affectionately. It's clear she's falling for him.  We cut to a wide shot as we watch the craft disappear dow the river. A funkdafied version of the "Let My People Go" song FADES UP and over the gospel version from the ride.
37) 3) dialog: Yeah, no kidding.
37) 9) text: The two walk past him. Esther turns to the Hammer.
37) 10) dialog: So, now what?
37) 14) dialog: Sure. Why not.
39) 0) text: We see a bar packed with ORTHODOX JEWS. A WALL separating men and women in the bar runs along the center of the roo stopping about ten feet from the stage. Signs clearly demarcate these 'MEN' and 'WOMEN' sections. Onstage, a KLEZMER band plays a rendition of a to be determined 70's funk classic. Esther and the Hammer enter the joint. Mid song, the BANDLEADER notices the two walk in...
39) 2) text: The Hammer raises his hand in acknowledgment. The entire cheers and applauds. Hammer escorts Esther to a table on the woman's side of t wall, and then walks around to the other side of the divi where he takes a seat opposite the wall from her. The band begins a rousing version of "Hava Nagila." A goo majority of the men in the bar rush to the dance floor an begin dancing zealously with one another. Esther shouts over the wall in an attempt to overcome the of the bar.
39) 3) dialog: So, do you come here often!?
39) 6) dialog: I said, do you come here often!?
39) 8) dialog: What!?
39) 10) dialog: Oh!
39) 32) text: The Hammer gets up quickly and leaves. We cut to Esther's side of the wall. The Hammer walks beh her while she checks out the band on stage.
39) 35) dialog: Hey.
39) 38) dialog: I would love to get out of here.
40) 0) text: A smooth, laid back Blaxploitation era song pumps from th speakers. We do a SLOW PAN from the stereo into a TIGHT S of Esther and the Hammer slow dancing. Sexy. Esther grunt and moans a bit.  We begin a SLOW ZOOM back from the two, eventually pullin back far enough to see what Esther's moaning about. The Hammer is a seriously terrible dancer, stepping on her to forcing her into awkward positions, etc.  We see a CU of the Hammer accidentally stepping on her to yet again.
40) 1) dialog: Ouch!
40) 2) text: Esther pulls herself away from the Hammer.
40) 4) dialog: (Sensually) Maybe we should try a different kind of dancing.
40) 6) text: We see a TIGHT MEDIUM SHOT of Esther. Her erect nipples a clearly outlined through her blouse. Now, the Hammer's re getting it.
40) 8) dialog: Mordechai?
40) 10) dialog: I want you to talk dirty to me.
40) 16) dialog: Keep going.
40) 19) dialog: Oh god, yes! Keep going! Don't stop!
40) 21) dialog: Kiss me you Semitic stud!
40) 23) dialog: (Playfully) Hmm. I feel something poking around down there. Maybe I should investigate. What do you think about that Mr. Certified Circumcised Dick?
40) 25) dialog: Shabat Shalom!
42) 0) text: We start close on the Hammer's hand as he screws a light into his electric Menorah until it glows orange. Esther caresses the Hammer's chest as the two enjoy a pos coital cigarette. 
42) 1) dialog: Wow, that was amazing.
42) 2) text: The Hammer gives her ass a smack, and then picks up a container filled with some kind of WHITE POWDER. He snorts a bit of it off of the Star Of David chain that hangs from his neck, and places the container of white po back in its place by the menorah. Esther is mortified.
42) 3) dialog: What did you just snort?
42) 8) dialog: Your mother was right. You do work too hard.
42) 10) dialog: Well, she also said that you need to find a nice girl to help take your mind off of your work. I'm just glad she thought I was good enough for you.
42) 13) dialog: Relax Morty, I think your mom is wonderful. She cares so much about you. Get this, while you were gone she said she'd help me get you to work with the JDL if I'd come eat by you once in awhile. Like I needed any incentive to be with you. She's so...
42) 16) dialog: No. Of course...
42) 20) dialog: No. It's not like that. You're being completely neurotic. I was just playing along...
42) 23) dialog: We do!
43) 0) text: The Star Of David vault-like doors open, and the Hammer a Esther hurriedly enter the room. The Chief waits for them
43) 12) text: A notepad and pen are handed to him from O.S. Santa makes some written calculations on the notepad. He's clearly ha trouble. The Hammer and Esther exchange looks.
43) 34) dialog: You're not my bitch Mordechai. Please, you have to believe me.
43) 37) text: He turns his attention to Esther.
43) 39) text: The Hammer exits. Esther is dejected.
48) 0) text: Tucked out of sight behind a billboard, Esther pulls off her side of the road and onto the highway in pursuit of t Hammer. And yes, the car is lowered, with white walled ti The camera makes it way up to reveal a large ROADSIDE BILLBOARD ARROW, resembling the ones you might see advertising casinos on the drive into Vegas announces "TH JEWISH ATOMIC CLOCK. 20 Kilometers." 
52) 6) text: Santa's Elf Thugs open a CHEST filled with LARGE SUB-MACH GUNS. The chest is labeled "HEAVY ARTILLERY." With great difficulty, they struggle to pull the heavy machinery out the box.  The Hammer, mildly amused, watches them. The Hammer blasts away, and the elves scramble for safety The sound of gunfire is deafening and constant. An Elf sneaks quietly towards Santa's gun. Esther walks in through the front door and spots somethin O.S. that gives her cause for concern. Unbeknownst to the Hammer, the SNEAKY ELF picks up Santa' gun.  He raises it at the Hammer, ready to fire.
52) 7) dialog: Mordechai! Behind you!
52) 8) text: The Hammer turns and nails the elf just in time. Esther, gun drawn, backs up into frame with the Hammer, a the two fire off rounds.
52) 10) dialog: Mordechai, I love you. I couldn't let you do this alone.
52) 12) dialog: I forgive you.
52) 19) text: We DOLLY BACK with the Hammer as he approaches the camera firing rounds at the table. We cut to the duct taped Hasidic Guards tied to their cha One of them frantically nudges the other and motions to t window. Fear fills both of their eyes. We see what they see. Through the window, the SUN is quic setting behind the mountains. We cut back to the Hammer. The speed with which he shoots begins to slow. Esther, checking the clock for damage calls to him. 
52) 20) dialog: What's the matter?
52) 26) text: Tiny Tim pokes his head over the table to see... The Hammer and Esther lie together slumped up against the wall. They look exhausted. Tiny Tim drops back below the table.
52) 48) text: Santa grabs Esther and attempts to pull her up. The Hamme holds on tightly to her other hand, but isn't strong enou to resist Santa's might. Esther's hand is pulled from his firm grip, and Santa takes her into his arms.
52) 50) dialog: Mordechai!
59) 12) text: We hear Esther screaming from inside the room.
59) 13) dialog: Mordechai! I'm in here! Help! 
59) 16) text: More screaming from Esther behind the door. 
59) 25) text: Esther continues to scream for help. This makes the Hamme even more determined.
60) 3) dialog: Mordechai!
60) 8) text: Esther looks at the Hammer curiously.
60) 9) dialog: You two know each other?
60) 17) text: The Hammer thinks about this for a second. He's drawing a blank. He looks to Esther, and she shrugs back at him. 
60) 19) text: Esther chimes in.
60) 20) dialog: ...and latkes.
60) 24) text: And Santa's gone. The Hammer turns to Esther, and gets down on one knee. He places a ring on her finger.
60) 27) dialog: Yes! Of course! I'd gladly give up my last name to be with you.
61) 2) text: We see Esther and the Hammer at the other end of the tabl They smile and hold hands. Domestic bliss.
61) 3) dialog: Shabat Shalom!
61) 8) text: Esther smiles.
61) 21) text: Mordechai looks to Esther. She shrugs her shoulders in encouragement.
61) 32) text: Mrs. Carver removes the diaper. Esther and Hammer gag fro the smell of it. Mun Chi, a forkful of food inches from his mouth, gets a whiff and then places the utensil down in angry frustrati
61) 38) dialog: Well, for starters, we're going to honeymoon in Boca for a week. And then, when we get back, Morty's been talking about taking a stable, good paying job as a consultant for the JDL.
61) 47) text: The full moon shines brightly in the BG of the night sky we slowly PAN past Rudolph and the rest of the reindeer, eventually reaching the cockpit. Jamal holds the reigns and waves down at Mordechai and company. From the window, Mordechai, Esther, Mrs. Carver, and Mun wave back. The Hammer Jewxploitation theme music begins t fade up.