22) 32) text: Jamal pulls his shades down slightly to get a better look
22) 33) dialog: 'Sup.
22) 35) dialog: A'ight, a'ight, cool. Yo, it's like this. That nigga Santy Claus be trippin'. First that motherfucker kills his own pops, then he start talkin' 'bout bustin a cap in Hanukkah's ass. Next, the racist motherfucker kick my ass out the workshop, sayin' that there ain't no room for no little colored elves like me. Can you believe that shit? Yo, if it wasn't for the arthritis in my joints, you best believe that I'd be...
22) 36) text: Jamal makes the sideways gun holding gesture, and mock pu the trigger.
22) 37) dialog: ...blam! blam! blam! Bustin' caps all up in his ass. You know what I'm sayin'?
22) 39) text: Jamal thinks for a second.
22) 40) dialog: Well, come to think of it, there is one thing. Before I left, I was packin' up my shit and I overheard the nigga talkin' to some business pahtnah or something. Sayin that he'd meet him today at some joint called Duke's. Round five o'clock if my memory serves. When he got off the phone and jetted, I scoped the room for some jewelry, cash, whatevers. You know, a severance package. Didn't find any duckets, but I did snatch this.
22) 41) text: Jamal pulls out a matchbbok from his pocket. The front co reads, "DUKE'S - WHERE SKIN IS IN." He hands it to the Hammer.
22) 43) dialog: Shit fool, ain't no thang. If it wasn't for my real brothers here at the K.L.F., I'd be shining shoes at the train station or getting my afro tossed up against a velcro wall in some redneck bar somewhere. I finally gots a place where I belong. Fuck Christmas. I'm all about smoking blunts and pimpin' bitches. I'm all about Kwanzaa nigga!
24) 5) text: We cut to the other side to reveal whom he's speaking to. Jamal, the same black 'elf' from the Kwanzaa Liberation F sits at the table across from Santa.
24) 6) dialog: Pfff. Shit nigga, ain't no thang. Hey, yo Santy Claus, so does this mean that you gonna make me an official elf now?
24) 12) dialog: That's some cold shit.
52) 55) text: It seems all is lost when... We hear the sounds of a whole lot of GUNS being COCKED. Tiny Tim turns around to see the ENTIRE KWANZAA LIBERATIO FRONT with their guns raised at him. Jamal, standing next Mohammed, flashes Tiny Tim a smile.
52) 56) dialog: Merry Kwanzaa nigga!
61) 47) text: The full moon shines brightly in the BG of the night sky we slowly PAN past Rudolph and the rest of the reindeer, eventually reaching the cockpit. Jamal holds the reigns and waves down at Mordechai and company. From the window, Mordechai, Esther, Mrs. Carver, and Mun wave back. The Hammer Jewxploitation theme music begins t fade up.
61) 49) dialog: Merry Christmas Niggas!
61) 50) text: We pull away from the outside window as the four continue wave. One by one, the reindeer whip straight past camera follow by Jamal. As he clears frame we...