13) 0) text: We start on the outside of the front door as we hear the of the doorbell. MRS. CARVER, the epitome of Jewish motherhood opens the door.  For all the Gentiles reading, I thought I might digress f just a moment. JEWISH MOTHER (adj.) A complicated and charismatic package of the following qualities rolled int human female form: intense, judgmental, overbearing, manipulative, lacking boundaries, yet fiercely involved, loving, and protective of her children. Got it?
13) 1) dialog: Mordechai! Shabat Shalom!
13) 4) dialog: I can see. And you also brought a nice girl to come eat by us.
13) 5) text: Mrs. Carver forcefully grabs Esther into an embrace resembling a bear hug, and begins to plaster her with slo kisses. Esther is visibly overwhelmed by it all as the kissing and embracing continue for a bit too long. Mrs. Carver places her tongue into Esther's ear canal as sign of affection, forcing Esther to break the embrace. M Carver and Esther look at one another strangely for an awkward few moments.
13) 6) dialog: So. Do you have a name?
13) 8) dialog: (She sighs ferclempt) From the story of Purim. (To Hammer) Well, now that we're all acquainted, let's sit down and start the Sabbath.
14) 3) text: Mrs. Carver enters the dining room through the kitchen do carrying an enormous platter loaded with serving dish aft serving dish of food.
14) 4) dialog: Everybody ready for the main course?
14) 7) text: Mrs. Carver places the food on a dresser opposite the kit table and then sits. 
14) 8) dialog: (Hysterically) Nonsense young man. You'll eat everything in front of you. After all, there are people starving in China. Isn't that right Mun Chi?
14) 9) text: We cut to a previously unseen end of the table. MUN CHI, skin and bones elderly Chinese man looks up in response t his name. The plate directly in front of him is still pristine. He mutters something in Chinese and then reache for a chicken wing on a platter in the middle of the tabl Mrs. Carver smacks his hands away with a wooden salad spo and then glares at him.
14) 10) dialog: Not until Mordechai finishes everything in front of him. 
14) 11) text: Mrs. Carver directs her piercing stare at the Hammer.
14) 12) dialog: Mordechai!? (Beat) So, Esther, how did you and Mordechai meet. You know they call him the Hebrew Hammer for a reason.
14) 18) text: He stands and leaves. Mrs. Carver stares lovingly at Esther.
14) 19) dialog: You like my Mordechai, yes?
14) 21) dialog: Hanukkah, Shmanukkah. It isn't even one of the high holidays. What concerns me more is that my boychick is almost thirty, and has yet to settle down with a nice Jewish girl.  (Beat) I'll make you a deal. I'll help you with your little Hanukkah problem if you help me with my Mordechai. 
14) 23) dialog: He works too much. God forbid he should have a nice Jewish girl come eat by him once in a while. Take his mind off his work. Maybe a blowjob here and there. 
14) 25) dialog: Is this something you could do for me?
14) 28) dialog: (Yells) It's under the sink by my tampons!
14) 30) dialog: So, do we have a deal?
14) 35) text: Esther begins to speak, but Mrs. Carver interrupts.
14) 36) dialog: I was just telling your nice friend Esther about how I used to have such a problem with the gas. (To Esther) So, once I started taking two charcoal pills before I ate, the gas cleared itself right up. 
14) 39) text: Mrs. Carver turns her attention towards her son.
14) 40) dialog: Mordechai. Do you love your mother?
14) 42) dialog: Then how come you won't stop this Certified Circumcised Dick nonsense and get yourself a real job. 
14) 44) dialog: When I play bridge with all the girls, everyone has what to talk about with their sons. They show pictures. Their sons are lawyers and doctors and Rabbis. Why can't I show a picture?  
14) 46) dialog: You know my friend Maureen? Her son, the investment banker? He paid for her entire retirement in Boca Raton. What a mench he is. Instead of schleping to save Hanukkah, god forbid you should go back to business school and get an MBA. Maybe then you could send me to Boca, too.
14) 49) text: Mrs. Carver throws her arms up in resignation.
14) 50) dialog: I don't want to argue with you. Let's just eat in peace.
14) 52) dialog: Do what you must. 
14) 53) text: Mrs. Carver looks at Esther and winks.
14) 54) dialog: (To Esther) Such a good boy he is.
14) 55) text: The Hammer shakes his head in frustration. Mrs. Carver becomes very animated.
14) 56) dialog: Mazel Tov!
14) 57) text: MAZEL TOV, a tabby with two paralyzed back legs wearing a diaper slides itself across the floor. With each writhing motion we hear a very distinct SWISHING NOISE.  Mrs. Carver picks the cat up and places it in her lap. Ma Tov makes a strange, UNHAPPY NOISE. 
14) 58) dialog: What's that Mazel Tov? Your diaper needs changing?
14) 59) text: Mrs. Carver pulls off Mazel Tov's diaper while it still s in her lap. She plays with undiapered cat's two good paws
14) 60) dialog: (To Mazel Tov) Let's let your tuchus breathe.
14) 62) dialog: (Extremely offended) Because it isn't god's way. When you spent the fourth grade in bed recovering from your bout with hypoglycemia, did I put you down? No. Mazel Tov will lead a full life just like the rest of us. Isn't that right Mazel Tov?
14) 64) dialog: Anybody hungry for desert?
61) 0) text: Mrs. Carver exits the kitchen, platters of food in hand.
61) 1) dialog: Shabat Shalom everybody!
61) 4) text: With a bit of difficulty, Mrs. Carver works her large beh into her chair.
61) 10) text: Mrs. Carver is as proud as can be...
61) 12) dialog: Well I'm just glad you're safe Bubba Shaina, and eating by your mother for Shabos.
61) 15) text: Mrs. Carver begins to cut her meat.
61) 16) dialog: But with all the attention the newspapers  and television have given you, you'd think that you were the pope or something.
61) 20) dialog: (Interrupting) ...So you saved Hanukkah Mr. Big Shot. I mean, let's be honest Mordechai, it isn't even one of the high holidays.
61) 22) dialog: Now, if you had saved Passover or Yom Kipur, then maybe you'd have what to brag about. Did I tell you that my friend Maureen's son, the Investment Banker, was responsible for a very big merger on...
61) 24) text: We get a shot of Mrs. Carver. She's a master of the art o pleasant non-listening.
61) 26) dialog: Mazel Tov!
61) 27) text: Mrs. Carver picks up the paralyzed Tabby and begins Eskim kissing it.
61) 28) dialog: Hello Mazel Tov! A boojee boojee boojee boo...
61) 30) text: Mun Chi, completely uninvolved in the conversation and obviously famished, scoops serving after serving onto his plate. Mrs. Carver ignores her son as she continues to pl with the cat. 
61) 31) dialog: ...A boojee boojee boojee boo.  What's that Mazel Tov? Your tuchus needs some more airing out?
61) 32) text: Mrs. Carver removes the diaper. Esther and Hammer gag fro the smell of it. Mun Chi, a forkful of food inches from his mouth, gets a whiff and then places the utensil down in angry frustrati
61) 34) dialog: What a good poop you made in your diaper Mazel Tov! That's right! Mommy loves you! Such a good boy you are!
61) 37) dialog: So, what are you two planning after the wedding?
61) 39) dialog: Well, I couldn't be happier for the both of you.
61) 43) dialog: I forgot to ask you, who'd they put in charge as the new Santa Claus?
61) 47) text: The full moon shines brightly in the BG of the night sky we slowly PAN past Rudolph and the rest of the reindeer, eventually reaching the cockpit. Jamal holds the reigns and waves down at Mordechai and company. From the window, Mordechai, Esther, Mrs. Carver, and Mun wave back. The Hammer Jewxploitation theme music begins t fade up.