8) 0) text: An establishing shot of Santa's Workshop. The lettering "NORTH POLE - SANTA'S WORKSHOP" is superimposed over the picture.
9) 1) dialog: I want to start by thanking all of you for pulling yourselves away from the workshop to make this emergency meeting. I know it's the busiest time of the year for all of you, so I'll try and be brief.
9) 2) text: As Santa speaks, we begin on a painting of a meek and frightened looking Santa Claus. His eyes look fearfully t his right.  Below the picture frame is a plaque reading " Nick the Nervous. 1871-1941", we continue a slow DOLLY to right on to the next picture. We see another Santa Claus, much more treacherous in his appearance. His eyes are fixed menacingly on the picture Santa to his left. The plaque below his picture read, "St Nick The Nasty 1941-1970." We continue our DOLLY to the right, finally ending on a painting of a jolly, portly Santa. Below his picture the plaque reads, "St. Nick The Nice. 1970-Christmas Present. We cut to a WIDE shot of a Conference Room. The same nice Santa Claus from the last picture addresses a handful of ELVES. Two reindeer flank Santa on either side. Their nameplates hang from their necks - "BLITZEN" and "RUDOLPH At the other end of the table from Santa sits his son DAM quite a nasty looking man. 
9) 3) dialog: My father, often referred to as St. Nick The Nasty, was a tyrannical man. He was obsessed with making Christmas the only holiday anyone could celebrate before the New Year. Since his death, I've prided myself on ensuring that the Christmas season is one of tolerance and understanding between all races and religions. It's always been my belief that Hanukkah and Kwanzaa deserve the same respect as Christmas. 
9) 5) dialog: Lights please.
9) 7) dialog: Over the course of my career as Santa Claus, I've made it my mission to ensure that Jews, Christians, and African Americans could all observe their respective holidays in harmony.
9) 8) text: We see a slide of THE HEBREW HAMMER, an African American (Mohammed), and Santa Claus arm in arm below a banner in mall reading "HAPPY HOLIDAYS!"
9) 9) dialog: I was responsible for pushing the Happy Holidays Ordinance, in which all Merry Christmas signage was replaced by the Trans-relgious and inoffensive phrase 'Happy Holidays.'
9) 11) dialog: It was nearly a decade ago, in conjunction with our friends in the Jewish and African American communities  that I supported a bill that mandated that 'Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel' and 'I'm dreaming of a bright Kwanzaa' be taught and sung in elementary schools along with the Christmas standards 'Frosty The Snowman', and 'Deck The Halls.'  Which is why upon examination of my annual naughty and nice list it shocked me to discover that my own son, Damian...
9) 12) text: Damian, preoccupied with the cigarette he's attempting to light, looks up in response to his name. A brown bagged bottle of booze now sits on the table in f of him. We can see Santa and the reindeer in silhouette o the slide projection screen behind him.
9) 13) dialog: The heir to the Red Suit could be so filled with hate. 
9) 14) text: Santa addresses Damian.
9) 15) dialog: Damian, when I learned of your ludicrous scheme to wipe out Hanukkah, my first reaction was one of disgust. Now, I'm only filled with sadness and disappointment. Disappointed that I failed to teach you the true meaning of Christmas. What do you have to say for yourself?
9) 18) text: On the slide projector screen behind Damian, we see the silhouetted images of Blitzen and Rudolph goring Santa through the chest with their antlers. Damian cringes. Blood trickles from Santa's mouth, and with his last brea he utters the words...
9) 19) dialog: Et tu, Blitzen?
9) 20) text: Santa falls out of frame with a thud. Standing behind him with bloodied antlers is Blitzen.  Damian walks over to the newly deceased Santa, takes his bloodstained Santa's hat, and put it on his own head. Fro this point on in the screenplay, Damian will now be refer to as SANTA. The elves in the room, in various stages of shock, stare their new master in horror.
9) 21) dialog: What are you fucking midgets looking at!? Get back to work! We have Hanukkah to destroy!
24) 0) text: Santa holds a walkie-talkie in hand and we the hear the v of the Salvation Navy Guy. Although behind him hangs a ba reading, "SANTA'S WORKSHOP," the interior is a run down sweatshop.
24) 2) dialog: Excellent. Everything is going as planned.
24) 3) text: Santa puts the walkie-talkie down, and addresses somebody O.S.
24) 4) dialog: With the Hebrew Hammer out of the picture, Hanukkah will be nothing more than a confusing and hard to pronounce word. I want to thank you very much Jamal for all of your help.
24) 5) text: We cut to the other side to reveal whom he's speaking to. Jamal, the same black 'elf' from the Kwanzaa Liberation F sits at the table across from Santa.
24) 7) dialog: Can you believe this guy Tiny Tim?
24) 8) text: Santa looks over to TINY TIM. Unshaven, not so tiny anymo and still on crutches, Tiny Tim's grown up since 'A Chris Carol.' A common street thug. C'mon, did you seriously th that Scrooge would give free handouts to the Cratchit fam forever? Tiny Tim shrugs his shoulders.
24) 9) dialog: Take a look around you Jamal. Do you see any colored midgets in my workshop?
24) 11) dialog: Your presence would be a disruption to the utopian model of efficiency I've created here.
24) 13) text: The ELVES appear to be struggling with the speed at which products move down the assembly line. The HEAD ELF steps from the assembly line and addresses Santa.
24) 17) text: The other elves shout out their approval. Santa takes it in stride.
24) 18) dialog: You know something, you're right.
24) 19) text: The Head Elf is taken aback by what seems to be a glimpse compassion on Santa's part.
24) 21) dialog: Yeah. This is a sweatshop. And since you elves aren't willing to do the work, I made arrangements to have some Taiwanese children shipped over. And I might add,  they're more than willing to work for peanuts.
24) 22) text: Santa performs the two fingered whistle.
24) 23) dialog: Come on in boys!
24) 24) text: A group of FIVE TAIWANESE BOYS file past Santa towards th assembly line. As each child passes Santa, he hands them each a bag of
24) 27) dialog: While I was in Taiwan negotiating the solution to our labor problems, I came across a factory that illegally manufactures the most addictive, Jewish pride weakening substance on the planet. I bought the entire plant. 
24) 28) text: Santa walks over to a FED-Y truck overflowing with large brown cardboard boxes marked 'PRODUCT.' 
24) 29) dialog: I want you and your men to target every young person in the Jewish neighborhoods of every major city of this country. I want you to flood their streets with this product.
24) 31) dialog: Oh, that's the beauty of it. These are free samples.
24) 34) dialog: Worse.
24) 35) text: Santa slits open one of the boxes with a large knife and pulls out a VIDEOCASSETTE generically labeled, "It's A Wonderful Life."
24) 36) dialog: Bootleg copies of the Frank Capra classic, 'It's A Wonderful Life.'
35) 31) text: The two take their place at the end of the line in to see Santa. Tony performs the two fingered whistle.
35) 55) dialog: And what do the Jewish people do during Hanukkah?
35) 57) dialog: That's right. Santa can tell that you've been a very good boy this year. Run along now Jimmy.
35) 58) text: Bambi and Tawni escort Jimmy out, and re-enter with Esthe and the Hammer. Santa's confused.
35) 59) dialog: Sorry folks, I don't do couples.
35) 61) dialog: Excuse me? Do I know you, friend? Take a look around you. Do you even know who I am?
35) 62) text: The Hammer rips off his baseball hat and T-shirt. Santa gasps.
35) 64) dialog: The Hebrew Hammer! You're alive.
35) 65) text: The Hammer takes out his gun and points it Santa.
35) 67) dialog: Whoa, whoa there. C'mon Mordechai, is this any way to treat an old family friend? Let's cut out all the unpleasantness. I admit, I went way overboard with the whole Hanukkah thing. Let me make it up to you. How about a peace offering? (To Bambi and Tawni) Girls.
35) 68) text: Santa snaps his fingers, and Bambi and Tawni drape themse on either side of the Hammer, rubbing his arms erotically
35) 69) dialog: Bambi. Tawni. I'd like for you to meet world renown Semitic super stud, Mordechai Jefferson Carver. 
35) 78) text: He sees the Hammer with his gun pointed at Santa's head.
35) 86) text: Santa stands up slowly with his hands raised.
35) 87) dialog: Well, it's a bit too late for that now, isn't it? Excuse me children, if I could have your attention for a moment.
35) 89) dialog: I'm just calming the kiddies.  (To children) There's no need to worry about Santa. He's just having a peaceful, adult conversation with his nice Jewish friend, The Hebrew Hammer.
35) 92) dialog: In fact, he's just informed me that he personally plans on cancelling Christmas this year. 
35) 94) dialog: Why don't we show him how that makes us feel.
43) 4) text: He clicks a button on a remote control, and static fills GIANT TELECOMMUNICATIONS SCREEN, eventually fading into t image of a larger then life SANTA. 
43) 5) dialog: And now my Hanukkah loving friends, I will reveal to you the true nature of my diabolical scheme.
43) 7) dialog: The Jewish Atomic clock, located in the outskirts of Jerusalem. Keeper of time for the Jewish Calendar. Powered by Judeum. An element so rare, it exists only inside the clock itself.
43) 8) text: We TILT down to reveal a BLUE GLOWING SUBSTANCE in its ba Santa comes back on screen.
43) 9) dialog: Once I extract the Judeum from the clock, the Jewish Calendar will cease to exist, forever eradicating Hanukkah. In less than twenty four hours, which by your Jewish Calendar is approximately...
43) 11) dialog: (To someone at North Pole) Can I borrow that pen and notepad?
43) 12) text: A notepad and pen are handed to him from O.S. Santa makes some written calculations on the notepad. He's clearly ha trouble. The Hammer and Esther exchange looks.
43) 13) dialog: (Uncertain) Four years and three quarters a lunar cycle? (Shifting back into psycho mode) Well, whatever! In less than twenty four Christian hours, Hanukkah will be nothing more than a fond memory. Tiny Tim.
43) 17) dialog: End transmission.
43) 18) text: The transmission, however, doesn't end. The two abruptly laughing. Santa begins to talk to TINY TIM. 
43) 19) dialog: So, how was I?
43) 21) dialog: Really? Good, good. 
43) 23) dialog: I wasn't too over the top?
43) 25) dialog: Thanks. Oh, did I tell you. I picked up that new KC and the Sunshine Band record that you recommended. You were right, it is good. 
43) 26) text: Santa looks towards the camera and begins to react strang
43) 27) dialog: (To O.S. Cameraman) Why is the red light on the camera still on? Are you still filming me!? 
43) 28) text: Santa approaches the camera.
43) 29) dialog: You fucking ass...
49) 9) text: The Thug Elves look up to the sky, and we do an OVERHEAD DOWN ON THEM as helicopter force winds blow their hats of The carriage of SANTA'S SLEIGH touches down on the ground Tiny Tim sits shotgun in the sleigh while Santa vomits violently over the other side. Santa finishes up, and wip his mouth with his hand.
49) 11) dialog: No. I'm airsick you asshole! Where the hell did these reindeer learn to fly?
49) 13) text: Santa takes this in.
49) 15) dialog: Who's the leader of this operation?
49) 16) text: More scared reindeer faces. Comet furtively motions towar Rudolph with his antlers. Santa sees this, marches quickl to Rudolph, and gets in his face.
49) 17) dialog: What's your major malfunction, dumbfuck!?
49) 19) dialog: Step forward son!
49) 22) text: You can feel the Robert Deniro-esque intensity boiling in of Santa.
49) 23) dialog: You gonna learn to guide this sled right? You gonna make sure your men follow suit? Because if I'm puking down chimneys come Christmas Eve, I'm gonna have your hide. We clear?
49) 24) text: Rudolph shakes his head. The bells on his harness tinkle. Santa continues to stare down the reindeer as he walks aw Rudolph is clearly broken, but continues staring back at Santa as he makes his way out of frame. The expression on Rudolph's face changes from fear to insolence as he angri follows the O.S. Santa. Suddenly, Santa charges right back into frame, and places drawn gun to Rudolph's temple.
49) 25) dialog: You eyeballin' me son!?
49) 26) text: Rudolph quickly looks away. Santa puts his gun back into belt, and then adjusts his suit and hat as if to regain h composure. Without warning, Santa throws a fake punch at Rudolph's f forcing the reindeer to flinch.
49) 27) dialog: I didn't think so.
50) 0) text: Santa and his gang bust through the front doors, taking t TWO GUARDS by surprise.  Santa's men quickly tie them up and duct tape their mouth shut as if out of 'Gulliver's travels.' The guards are dragged away out of frame. Santa steps towards camera and surveys the room.
50) 1) dialog: The Jewish Atomic Clock.
50) 2) text: It's the kind of place where a giant telescope at an observatory would be housed. The clock is breathtaking in size. On its face, in place of the standard numerals are names of Jewish holidays. For example, "Yom Kipur" is whe the twelve should be, followed by "Passover", etc. In the center of the face, an odometer-like gauge reveals the ye '5734.' At its base, the brilliant blue Judeum glows brightly.  Santa barks out orders.
50) 3) dialog: Get moving! We've got work to do!
50) 4) text: One of the thugs pushes play on a ghetto blaster and the 'Santa Claus Is Coming To Town' begins to play. A few of the thugs insert a bicycle pump into the Judeum clock base and begin pumping.
52) 0) text: Inside, Santa and his thugs hear the sound of the Chopper growing in strength. The ROAR of the engines is piercingl loud! And then nothing. A beat passes, and then the Hammer's motorcycle busts ope the front door.  An INSERT of the Hammer's bike skidding to a stop.  As Santa goes for his gun, the Hammer interrupts him...
52) 2) text: Santa is confused. Still on the bike, the Hammer uses his feet to backpeddle motorcycle to the doorway. Looks of bewilderment from San and his gang. The Hammer reaches the doorway and kisses his hand. A Joh Wooish SLO-MO shot as the Hammer touches his hand to the mezuzah nailed to the doorframe.  The Hammer jumps off the bike, and we get the requisite Q push in on him as he pulls out two Uzi's from under his jacket.
52) 4) text: Santa draws a pistol, and with a single shot from his Uzi the Hammer blows it out of his hand.  It lands on the other side of the room. Santa looks up fr his empty hand.
52) 5) dialog: Get him boys!
52) 6) text: Santa's Elf Thugs open a CHEST filled with LARGE SUB-MACH GUNS. The chest is labeled "HEAVY ARTILLERY." With great difficulty, they struggle to pull the heavy machinery out the box.  The Hammer, mildly amused, watches them. The Hammer blasts away, and the elves scramble for safety The sound of gunfire is deafening and constant. An Elf sneaks quietly towards Santa's gun. Esther walks in through the front door and spots somethin O.S. that gives her cause for concern. Unbeknownst to the Hammer, the SNEAKY ELF picks up Santa' gun.  He raises it at the Hammer, ready to fire.
52) 16) text: The Hammer begins firing. In SLOW-MOTION, Tiny Tim hobbles as fast as he can toward overturned table, gunfire trailing him. Like a pole vaulter with two poles, Tiny Tim plants his crutches firmly into the ground and launches himself over table. He lands directly on top of Santa, who cowers underneath table.
52) 17) dialog: Get off of me you cripple!
52) 22) text: We cut back to Santa and Tiny Tim underneath the table. W HEAR the shooting continue to slow, until finally it ceas altogether. Santa and Tiny Tim exchange looks.
52) 23) dialog: What's going on? Why'd he stop?
52) 25) dialog: Take a look.
52) 28) dialog: Resting?
52) 30) dialog: What day is it?
52) 32) dialog: What time is it?
52) 34) text: Santa makes the connection.
52) 35) dialog: Why didn't I think of this? It's the Sabbath.
52) 37) dialog: The day of rest. He can't fight on the Sabbath. C'mon, get up. We've got him beat.
52) 38) text: The Hammer's POV as Santa and his thugs approach him cautiously. 
52) 39) dialog: Well, well, well. It looks as if the Hebrew Hammer's got a weakness after all.
52) 40) text: Santa turns to his thugs.
52) 41) dialog: Finish extracting the Judeum from the clock. (To Tiny Tim) Tiny Tim, I want you to introduce the Hebrew Hammer to the Christmas spirit.
52) 44) dialog: No dipshit, I want you to kill him.
52) 47) dialog: Santa's gonna take the sled back to the North Pole and celebrate his victory with his new stocking stuffer. 
52) 48) text: Santa grabs Esther and attempts to pull her up. The Hamme holds on tightly to her other hand, but isn't strong enou to resist Santa's might. Esther's hand is pulled from his firm grip, and Santa takes her into his arms.
52) 51) text: Santa forces her out the front door, leaving Tiny Tim alo with the Hammer. O.S., we hear the sound of Santa's Sled taking off.
54) 0) text: The Hammer and Mo crawl onto the snow covered bluff overlooking Santa's Workshop. With his binoculars, the Ha scopes out the compound below. BINOCULAR POV - Instead of your standard two circles fill the screen, we see the world through a pair of Star Of Davids. The place resembles the exterior of an industrial warehouse, with two Elves on guard with guns.
55) 0) text: Santa sits at the head of his conference table. Tawni and Bambi sit on his lap. A cigarette dangles from his mouth, he holds a giant glass of eggnog in his hand. Rudolph sta in the corner of the room. 
55) 1) dialog: Rudolph, more egg nog!
55) 2) text: Rudolph, equipped with a tray around his neck holding a g of egg nog, walks over. Santa stares at him antagonistica as he takes the glass off of the tray and takes a sip. Santa puts his cigarette back into his mouth, takes a dra and blows smoke past camera.  A huge cloud of smoke blows over Rudolph's face. Santa smiles at his women as we hear Rudolph cough.
55) 3) dialog: Ho, ho, ho.
55) 7) dialog: Yes maam, loud and clear.
58) 22) text: Mo runs down the hallway after Tiny Tim. The Hammer turns towards the other direction to find... TWO ELVES on multi-colored MOPEDS comin' right for him. The Hammer stands motionless as the Elves gain ground. Right before they reach him, the Hammer quickly pulls his Talis off of his neck and holds it outstretched, clotheslining the two off of their mopeds.  The elves are out cold. The Hammer admires his work. Santa, running for his life, rounds the corner. He stops in his tracks as he spots the Hammer. The two look at one another for a brief moment, and then Santa points at something behind the Hammer.
58) 23) dialog: Hey, what's that over there? Is that a bowl of Matzah Ball soup?
58) 24) text: The Hammer looks behind him. Nothing. He turns back to fi Santa long gone.
58) 26) text: He takes off down the hall after Santa.
59) 0) text: Santa enters the room and begins to frantically barricade front door with anything he can find: a chair, a large crucifix, a CART OF TOMATOES. Feeling confident that the is secure, he turns around to find the Hammer standing in front of him. The Hammer grabs Santa by his shirt.
59) 2) dialog: I don't have to tell you anything Hammer! You're gonna have to kill me before I tell you!
59) 5) text: Santa thinks about this for a couple seconds.
59) 6) dialog: Good point.
59) 7) text: The Hammer looks up from his interrogation and spots a si taped to a door directly behind Santa. It reads, "THE ROO
59) 10) text: Hammer fires a single round past camera. RED SPLATTERS hi face. We cut to the other side. Santa cowers by the cart of TOMATOES.
59) 14) text: The Hammer turns towards the sound. Suddenly, Santa kicks the Hammer's gun out of his hand, a then draws a pistol from behind his belt and points it at him.
59) 15) dialog: Looks like the tables have turned once again Hammer.
59) 17) dialog: And you won't even be able to say goodbye to your Esther. So sad. So long Mordechai. Give my father my regards.
59) 18) text: Santa readies to fire.
59) 20) text: The Hammer closes his eyes and puts his hands together as in meditation. Santa looks around nervously.
59) 21) dialog: What are you doing?
59) 24) dialog: Hah! Jewish guilt. Well, it won't work on me Hammer. I'm too strong for it.
59) 27) text: It's beginning to work on Santa.
59) 28) dialog: No. Stop it!
59) 30) text: Santa's a wreck.
59) 31) dialog: Please, make it stop. I'll do anything. Here take my gun.
59) 33) dialog: Shoot me. Please, just one to the head. Put me out of misery.
60) 11) text: All three step back into Santa's Conference Room. Mo continues to hold Santa at gunpoint.
60) 13) text: Mo begins to take Santa away.  The Hammer turns around.
60) 15) text: Santa's a broken man. He gets on his knees and inquires earnestly...
60) 16) dialog: Please tell me. What is the true meaning of Hanukkah?
60) 22) text: Mo drags Santa out of the room.
60) 23) dialog: I'm sorry. I see the light now. I was wrong. I'm...
60) 24) text: And Santa's gone. The Hammer turns to Esther, and gets down on one knee. He places a ring on her finger.