24) 8) text: Santa looks over to TINY TIM. Unshaven, not so tiny anymo and still on crutches, Tiny Tim's grown up since 'A Chris Carol.' A common street thug. C'mon, did you seriously th that Scrooge would give free handouts to the Cratchit fam forever? Tiny Tim shrugs his shoulders.
24) 26) dialog: So, what's our first plan of attack Santa?
24) 30) dialog: What should I charge?
24) 32) text: Tiny Tim's curiosity is peaked.
24) 33) dialog: So what's in the boxes? Heroin? Cocaine?
24) 37) dialog: That's some cold shit.
27) 3) text: Curtis Mayfield's 'Pusherman' FADES UP, and we cut into a STILL PHOTO of Tiny Tim with his arms around two Hasidic in an a alley. The SCREEN DIVIDES INTO THIRDS as we see C of each character smiling. Stills are constantly replaced time with the music. We see a still of MONEY BEING EXCHAN then HANDS BEING SHAKEN. Then a still of a VIDEOCASSETTE BEING PLACED INTO A VCR, A HASIDIC KID WATCHING THE TV, e The music continues as we...
35) 0) text: 'Merry Christmas' decorations and signage dominate the landscape of the establishing shot of the Mall. Tiny Tim, walkie-talkie in hand, surveys this Christmas Wonderland with smug satisfaction. He spots a small, bare visible Hanukkah decoration poking out from beneath one o the other Christmas decorations.  He rips it from the wall and tosses it into a small trash bonfire. Tiny Tim speaks into his the walkie-talkie. 
35) 1) dialog: One partridge in a pear tree to two turtle doves. What's your status?
43) 14) text: Tiny Tim hobbles into frame on his crutches.
43) 15) dialog: Merry Christmas everybody, and god bless us, everyone.
43) 18) text: The transmission, however, doesn't end. The two abruptly laughing. Santa begins to talk to TINY TIM. 
43) 20) dialog: It was good. Very chilling, but you still got all the points across that we talked about.
43) 24) dialog: No, it was the perfect level.
49) 9) text: The Thug Elves look up to the sky, and we do an OVERHEAD DOWN ON THEM as helicopter force winds blow their hats of The carriage of SANTA'S SLEIGH touches down on the ground Tiny Tim sits shotgun in the sleigh while Santa vomits violently over the other side. Santa finishes up, and wip his mouth with his hand.
49) 10) dialog: You okay?
49) 12) dialog: I don't know. Why don't you ask them sir.
49) 21) dialog: Uh, he can't sir. The harnesses.
52) 14) text: We do another QUICK PUSH into the Hammer as he turns towa Tiny Tim. Tiny Tim, standing alone with his crutches tucked under h arms, looks like a deer caught in headlights. The Hammer grins mischievously.
52) 15) dialog: Uh oh.
52) 16) text: The Hammer begins firing. In SLOW-MOTION, Tiny Tim hobbles as fast as he can toward overturned table, gunfire trailing him. Like a pole vaulter with two poles, Tiny Tim plants his crutches firmly into the ground and launches himself over table. He lands directly on top of Santa, who cowers underneath table.
52) 18) dialog: What are we gonna do? He's got us on the ropes.
52) 22) text: We cut back to Santa and Tiny Tim underneath the table. W HEAR the shooting continue to slow, until finally it ceas altogether. Santa and Tiny Tim exchange looks.
52) 24) dialog: Maybe he ran out of ammo.
52) 26) text: Tiny Tim pokes his head over the table to see... The Hammer and Esther lie together slumped up against the wall. They look exhausted. Tiny Tim drops back below the table.
52) 27) dialog: Well, he's kinda just resting in the corner with his girlfriend.
52) 31) dialog: It's Friday.
52) 33) dialog: I don't know. About sundown I guess.
52) 36) text: A blank look from Tiny Tim.
52) 42) text: Another blank look from Tiny Tim.
52) 43) dialog: You want me to be nice to him for no apparent reason whatsoever, buy him clothing he'll never wear, and for just one day of the year pretend to forgive him for all the horrible things he did to me as a young boy when my mommy wasn't looking?
52) 46) dialog: Oh.
52) 51) text: Santa forces her out the front door, leaving Tiny Tim alo with the Hammer. O.S., we hear the sound of Santa's Sled taking off.
52) 52) dialog: Take a look Hammer. The clock's already beginning to power down.
52) 53) text: We see a shot of the elves pumping out the Judeum from th clock, and then tilt up to reveal its face. The dial slowly spins past 'Yom Kippur', 'Passover', 'Hanukkah,' 'Purim', and then finally the 'Macy's 50% Off Spring Sale.' Tiny Tim raises his gun point blank at the Hammer.
52) 54) dialog: Ah. What's the matter? No more snappy one liners.
52) 55) text: It seems all is lost when... We hear the sounds of a whole lot of GUNS being COCKED. Tiny Tim turns around to see the ENTIRE KWANZAA LIBERATIO FRONT with their guns raised at him. Jamal, standing next Mohammed, flashes Tiny Tim a smile.
55) 8) text: Tiny Tim enters the room. He has a black eye and his clot is torn.
55) 10) dialog: Santa, I got some really bad news.
58) 20) text: Tiny Tim spots them and begins to hobble furiously away i the other direction.
58) 22) text: Mo runs down the hallway after Tiny Tim. The Hammer turns towards the other direction to find... TWO ELVES on multi-colored MOPEDS comin' right for him. The Hammer stands motionless as the Elves gain ground. Right before they reach him, the Hammer quickly pulls his Talis off of his neck and holds it outstretched, clotheslining the two off of their mopeds.  The elves are out cold. The Hammer admires his work. Santa, running for his life, rounds the corner. He stops in his tracks as he spots the Hammer. The two look at one another for a brief moment, and then Santa points at something behind the Hammer.
58) 30) text: Tiny Tim closes his eyes in anticipation of the worst. Mo grabs both of his crutches from under his arm and runs off. Tiny Tim wobbles a few steps and then slumps down against the wall. We PULL AWAY from Tiny Tim as he calls Mo.
58) 31) dialog: My crutches. Noooo. Not my crutches.