17) 0) text: MAYOR ON THE DAIS, swearing in his Appointees handing the rolled appointment papers and shaking hands, watched by.. THREE REFORM ADVOCATES (Two men and a woman (GABBY HOROWITZ), among the seated guests. One nudges the others as THE MAYOR gets handed the rolled appointment forms for the next appointee. THE MAYOR looks up as THE MAN steps in front of him, face unseen to us. THE MAYOR hitches for a second, and then fixes a politic smile on his face. Pink Revisions 33.
39) 6) dialog: (rapidly, following rule) Gabby Horowitz-Committee on Racial Discrimination in Housing- 552 Clinton Ave, BROOKLYN. I thought this was a community hearing?
39) 8) dialog: You’re making the same promises to Ft Greene that you made in Tremont, where your so-called ‘relocation services’ vanished into thin air and left families like the Flemings utterly adrift. People have a right to know what they’re in for! Lionel watches LAURA, slipping Gabby notes.
39) 10) dialog: This isn’t Long Island you know... It’s not just a blank canvas you can paint on anywhere you like. There are people here, established communities. Randolph shoots an impatient look at the Mayor as he SITS...The Mayor snaps up obediently... Pink Revisions 67.
39) 12) dialog: A neighborhood is not a slum because poor people and minorities live there, Mr. Mayor. East Tremont wasn’t a slum, Third Avenue wasn’t a slum and Fort Greene is not a slum either, these are working class communities. (to Randolph) Your developers are making it a slum! This brings Randolph lunging forward.
39) 14) dialog: We have it on paper, we have twenty people here tonight and scores behind them who can testify to a scandalous fraud under way...which way would you like it first? Randolph slaps the table with his flat palm violently, rising out of his chair and overlapping her.
63) 0) text: Lionel is heading across the street to the steps when he sees...Gabby Horowitz...coming down them. He stops...
63) 2) dialog: I know Jake very well so I’m not sure who... Caught he switches it up mid-sentence...
63) 4) dialog: Really. I thought being the press office for the Borough Authority was more the business of the Times than exposing them. Seeing as your publisher is an investor in the bank that gets to float the Authority’s bonds at preferred rates. Lionel is flummoxed. Smiles big...
63) 6) dialog: Well, someone's going to win a Pulitzer off Title 1, so maybe ambition will beat greed.
63) 9) dialog: Yes, it’s a big ‘if’. Laura’s gone ahead to the protest, you can come with me if you want. She looks at him and as they walk to the curb we CUT TO: INT GABBY’S CAR/EXT. TRAFFIC JAM - DAY - DRIVING 98 Traffic snarl...they creep along with Gabby at the wheel. He’s trying not to tic too much but she’s eyeing him...
63) 10) dialog: A condition you say? What do they call it, if you don’t mind me asking?
63) 12) dialog: Was that you getting chucked out of the hearing with my friend Paul? She snaps Pink Revisions 95.
63) 14) dialog: (laughs despite herself) I guess you could call him that, yes. (sad) It wouldn’t be the worst he’s endured. Laura’s our resident expert on Hamilton but if you really want to understand the way things work in this town and you can get him to talk to you, take Paul for dinner.
63) 16) dialog: (surprised) And?
63) 18) dialog: Now that’s unkind. And incorrect.
63) 20) dialog: I have no idea how you came by that information but I’1l venture it wasn’t from Paul. It’s a knowledge I’ve never even shared with my own staff. (beat, deciding...) Paul Randolph understands the way a city works like very few do...the living machinery of it. He’s as brilliant and visionary as his brother. But still a true idealist.
63) 22) dialog: Lord no...No. He’s one of the most gifted engineers of his generation. But he’s had a very rough road for a while now...hanging around the fringes for years picking up scraps on jobs he should have led. Such a waste. But he has proposed a master plan for the redesign of the State’s electrical grid that is a work of genius and everybody knows it. They have to approve it and they’1l have to give him the appointment to lead it... it’ll make every agency that touches it look good and so even his brother won't be able to deny him.
63) 24) dialog: Because it was Moses Randolph who destroyed him.
63) 26) dialog: They came from a very well-to-do family...raised for civic duty, literally. They were like the twin princes of the reform movement. But they broke horribly. Who knows why. I’ve always assumed it was because Moses went inside and started working for the Governor.
63) 28) dialog: Oh, the political is personal in that family. Paul is very opinionated as you saw and if you disagree with Moses Randolph you become an enemy of the state. He takes more sadistic joy in hurting people than any man I’ve ever seen. He ruined Paul, purposefully and relentlessly. (MORE)
63) 30) dialog: Destroyed his career. And he’s more dangerous than ever now.
63) 32) dialog: Because the Board of Estimate votes on both his Arterial Highway and Slum Clearance plans this week! Verranzano, Long Island Expressway, Title 1 and everything else. (shakes her head) People have no idea what’s about to happen here. If he puts this through, the fate of the City’s written. Millions of people ground under or caught in this hell forever...or at least until cars can fly. All because one man is blind to the ways the world has changed and contemptuous of any vision but his own. He thinks this is the final stroke of his masterpiece so he’s bullying everyone into submission. Pulling out his files. (beat) It’s detestable, it sickens the soul...but I dream that someone will pull out a file on him. And we've been working on it, believe me but we’re almost out of time.
64) 0) text: ON THE CURB: GABBY’S CAR pulls up to where Laura and another staff member stand waiting. Gabby jumps out and Laura grabs her hand and, leaving Lionel behind, we rush with them across and through the center of the Arch, revealing REFORMER #2 speaking to the crowd of a large protest. Hundreds have gathered: placards, real citizens every stripe out in force, energized and angry.
64) 4) dialog: What is a City? Is it a place where people slave for the Lords of steel and concrete? A corral for the Druids of Finance to fleece mankind in? NO! the City is its people, it is its Communities! The City is built to serve US! Lionel’s gaze shifts past her to: THE BIG BLACK BA-1 CAR: sliding innocuously in to park on the curb beyond the trees. GABBY (cont'd) (CONT'D) Who's going to stand up for the City?! (crowd roars “We Are!") Who's going to remind the politicians and the power brokers and the profiteers that the City belongs to the PEOPLE who live in it?! The CROWD ROARS...and we CUT TO: INT. MOSES’S BLACK CAR/EXT. WASHINGTON SQ PARK - SAME 100 Lieberman and Moses Randolph sit in the back seat, watchi as they talk...