12) 29) dialog: Oh...Lionel.
12) 31) dialog: Don’t bother. The hospital already called. A strange little lie...
12) 33) dialog: Oh. I thought you were gonna break the news to me again. He enters and puts the clothes on the table. She goes to light a cigarette.
12) 35) dialog: Yeah, nice twist huh? Didn’t see that one coming, I gotta say.
12) 37) dialog: Look, I just wanna be alone, okay?
12) 39) dialog: Gimme the watch I guess. I don’t want all the rest of that stuff. He hands it to her...
12) 41) dialog: What for? Is there money in that wallet? Lionel takes the money out of the wallet to hand to her JULIA (cont'd) (CONT'D) Jesus, it has blood on it, for chrissakes! I don’t wanna see that. Ain’t you got any sense? Emotion is rising in her...Lionel scoops up the cash and gun with the loose stuff and pockets what he can. He paus on one item: Frank’s wedding ring. She takes it and turns it over and this actually gets her to tear up a little. S sits on the couch. JULIA (cont'd) (CONT'D) Ah jeez...Was somebody with him anyway? When he...?
12) 43) dialog: That’s good. He really liked you, you know?
12) 45) dialog: (bitter) Yeah, don’t bullshit me. Goddam it, I’m pissed at him!
12) 49) dialog: (snaps) Well I am! He lets out a yelp and she stares at him. She’s seen it plenty of times but it’s still weird to her. He picks up Frank’s hat and turns to go then pauses...
12) 51) dialog: He never told me what he was mixed up in. You got no idea who did it?
12) 53) dialog: Don’t promise me. It makes no difference to me one way or the other. EXT. FRANK & JULIA’S APARMENT / STREET - NIGHT A24 Lionel comes down their stoop and walks up the cold dark street. A sad figure. His twitching is becoming pronounce EXT. ESTABLISHING - LIONEL’S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT B INT. LIONEL’S BUILDING - STAIRWELL - NIGHT 24 Lionel mounts the stairs, tired, and turns on the landing He stops and sits down, almost out of sight behind the bannister but we can see him put his head down and weep.
19) 0) text: Lionel enters to find... THE OFFICE HAS BEEN TRASHED, turned upside down. The other guys are already there and Julia is sitting ina chair, crying a little, shaken. Tony’s comforting her.
19) 1) dialog: ..-asking all kinds a questions...I told em “Christ he’s dead, what are you gonna arrest him?”
19) 6) dialog: ..-assholes. Picking in my underwear drawer and grinning at me.
19) 8) dialog: I don’t even wanna know. Always with his cryptic shit, telling me he was into something big this time...gonna change our situation. Gets himself whacked and leaves me $4000 in a savings and loan, a drafty shack in Lookout Point and this...thriving operation. Ace moves, Frank...
19) 9) text: a little more...for Frank or for herself? Tony pats her back as Danny shoots Lionel a look. She gets herself together. JULIA (cont'd) (CONT'D) Look I know the car service was mostly for the books but he never talked about how he ran the snoop work and I ain’t interested. So I’m putting Tony in charge. He’ll handle the business of it and keep me in the loop. (pause) I know you all go way back with him, longer than me, but that’s just the way it is for now I guess.
19) 13) dialog: No thanks. I’m gonna go stay with my sister for a while...think about my future. But call me...you know.. with an update? to open the door. She shakes hands with Coney and Danny, who kisses her on the cheek. Lionel rises and goes to shake her hand but he has to tap her shoulder twice. S reacts, annoyed. Pink Revisions 38. JULIA (cont'd) (CONT'D) Can’t you ever cut that out?! For once!