33) 0) text: Laura heads down the steps...Lionel follows.
34) 0) text: Laura boards the train and moves toward an empty seat onl to have a WHITE GUY move his bag onto the seat and stare her as the train begins to move. She stares at the man with no expression and he back at her, daring her. She turns her back to him leans against a pole, facing direct at LIONEL, which makes him feel a tic coming that he comically struggles to suppress. She takes a book from he bag, some sort of textbook and begins to read, studying a with this he turns away to release a tic and shout. A WOM WITH A SMALL GIRL reacts to this and moves the child away from him. This makes Laura look up over her book for a moment, just as he turns back around and they meet each others gaze fo just a second. She is composed and lovely.
35) 0) text: PEOPLE GETTING OFF AND ON...More of them white now. Laura is seated but she sees an older white woman coming on wit a cane and gets up to give her the seat. The woman sits without acknowledging Laura. As if she hadn’t been there in the first place. 65 Pink Revisions 63. The boarding crowd pushes Lionel further in and he finds himself standing right next to her as the train starts up
36) 0) text: Laura walks down a block with Lionel tailing behind. The neighborhood is edgy, run down, with many boarded up row houses, uncollected trash and abandoned furnishings. LAURA goes up a stoop and rings a bell. A BLACK LADY answers, wary. Laura talks for a moment and removes some papers from her bag, handing them to the woman. The woman glances at them, nods and closes the door. ANOTHER DOOR. She buzzes. A FACE IN THE SECOND FLOOR WINDOW... a wave. ANOTHER BLACK LADY smiles and hands Laura a sheaf of the same forms and they talk. Lionel can see that the woman i indignant and that Laura is TAKING NOTES. ANOTHER DOOR...this building so bombed out it looks abandoned but AN OLD BLACK MAN WRAPPED IN A BLANKET OPENS and this time Laura goes inside. Lionel glimpses her in the window of the first floor. He pulls some small BINOCULARS out of his pocket, checks around then looks through them... BINOCULAR POV: through the window, LAURA talks with the OLD MAN. It’s obviously freezing in there. She takes out papers and sits with him, asking questions and writing hi answers into the forms. LIONEL turns around for a closer look at a rowhouse behin him, its front door and second story windows boarded up. looks up AT THE FRONT DOOR A SIGN: CONDEMNED: PROPERTY OF: BELMONT DEVELOPERS... A SOUND SURPRISES HIM and he jumps. To his surprise a WOMAN WITH TWO KIDS COME OUT from the garden level door under the stoop. He thought it was abandoned but clearly there are people squatting here. The WOMAN eyes him fearfully and hustles her kids away. 66 67 68 Pink Revisions 64.
37) 0) text: TIGHT ON: A PUDDLE OF WATER. Stark trees, fire escapes & sky reflected in it as LAURA steps across it, rippling th surface and we tilt up to find LIONEL tailing her. He watches as she heads for a nondescript storefront/office: Inwood Residential Services. She goes the door and tries it but it’s locked. She turns and face the street, clearly exasperated as a CAR pulls up and GAB gets out of the driver side. She and Laura confer and Laura moves to get in the car. LIONEL spots a cab and hails it but hustles over to the storefront for a quick look at the sign on the door: “INWOOD: Your Happy Home is Our Business!”. HOURS: 9-5 Lionel looks at his watch: 3:21 Should be open. But he hustles to his cab.
39) 0) text: FACES IN A BUZZING SEATED CROWD as we tilt up to see GABB & LAURA, hustling down the center aisle of a packed auditorium to where their staff members hold seats near a standing mic. A group of men at two long tables on stage with mics. Amo the men, THE MAYOR and LIEBERMAN. LIONEL enters in the back and takes in the scene. He note a guy in the back rows with ‘PRESS’ cards in his hat band and slides into a seat behind him. Lionel leans over his shoulder and takes out his notebook to play at being a fellow reporter
54) 1) dialog: How hard did you hit him?
54) 5) dialog: ‘If’ what? I/’11 tell you what ‘if’, you better explain who you are if you want to walk out of-- (pauses) Have I seen you before?
55) 1) dialog: First they put up a notice says the house will be condemned. It’s not true but that scares out about half and they sell for cheap. Then they come in and take the nice old family homes and chop em into 4 and rent em up. Folks who don’t leave they harrass...turn the heat off, come in to do repairs and steal copper pipe instead. They re-possessed all the refrigerators, even if people bought them themselves, then resold them out of shopfronts next neighborhood over. City sold em property worth $15 million for $500,000 to take the ‘risk’ of having to build the Federal projects. They haven’t even submitted plans...just milked it until it really is a slum.
55) 3) dialog: (bristling) Oh what, you another one that thinks we’re just ‘agitating’... making it up like some Negro propaganda conspiracy...
55) 5) dialog: Mostly just disappear. Fade away. Go into real slums or other neighborhoods. Some are renting a room in a house they used to own. 200,000 in 2 years just from this part of Brooklyn. Mostly Negro. Latino.
55) 7) dialog: Yeah they did it to a few Jews too but not systematic like this. You know how many parks have been built in this city since he’s been Commissioner? 255. How many of those in Harlem you think? 1. You build a new beach for the ‘people’, but the ones with no cars, the poor ones, the black and brown ones?...how are they going get to the parks and beaches? Public bus. Guess how high they just built the overpasses on the new parkway? One foot too low for a bus to clear. Look forget whether it’s discrimination...the Federal government and the City are being scammed. There’s supposed to be relocation services, company’s got a $2 million dollar contract to handle it but nobody even answers the phone. Call the city, they say these folks are on the list for the new public housing. But then it never gets built. Pink Revisions 83. They have come to Lionel’s car. He stops.
55) 9) dialog: (indignant) Secretary? Who told you that? I’ve got a law degree you know? I’11 pass the Bar first time I sit too. He’s staring at her now...she’s beautiful to him. She catches it and blushes...then sharpens her look, suspicious. LAURA (cont'd) (CONT'D) How are you gonna write about it all when you don’t even take a note?
55) 11) dialog: (softens) It’s okay. Just write about it, okay? What happens to poor people in this city wasn’t news yesterday and it won’t be tomorrow. But you’d think somebody’d care what happens to Brooklyn. It’s only the biggest city on Earth. She sighs and looks away.
55) 13) dialog: Harlem. 87 Pink Revisions 84.
55) 18) dialog: Don’t be sorry, it’s kinda funny.
55) 20) dialog: What is all that anyway?
55) 22) dialog: I guess we all got our daily battles, right? 88 89 Pink Revisions 85.
55) 25) dialog: It’s alright. Really it’s alright She changes the music to a cool ballad and they drive on, crossing the bridge into Manhattan and on up to Harlem as night falls.
56) 0) text: POV: Someone in a car is watching them park INT. LIONEL’S CAR/EXT. KING ROOSTER - CONTINUOUS 89 The exterior of the little club is hopping. People hustli inside, some folks having a smoke. A cool little kid in a full suit and hat on the sidewalk acting like a doorman waves at Laura through the window. Laura points to the building next to the club
56) 1) dialog: This is me.
56) 3) dialog: My father owns this place. I grew up falling asleep in the back of clubs.
56) 5) dialog: Yeah, hottest band in the world, all week. I gotta check on one or two things, but...look, are you really interested...in what I was telling you?
56) 7) dialog: If you want to come in I can give you a lot more. He looks at the club: it’s exactly the kind of scene that spells disaster for him usually. She smiles LAURA (cont'd) (CONT'D) You can’t exactly disturb the peace in a small club with a hot band. She indicates ‘C’mon’. He gives in and they get out into.
57) 0) text: This place is for real. No mid-town mainstream joint. A l of energy...buzz of anticipation over who’s playing...a f white Beat kids from Columbia trying to blend in... Almost immediately it starts to infect Lionel. His head jerks and he pops gum right away...Laura points him at a table against the wall and boots two young cats out of it with one look. She heads for the end of the bar and the cash register, bringing the BARTENDER to her with a look. She clearly has the run of the place... As Lionel sits he takes it all in...sees eyes on him. Coc Minna’s hat back and watches as a WHITE KID comes up nervously to the TRUMPET PLAYER having a drink before his band’s set with his FRENCH GIRLFRIEND and his Piano playe
58) 0) text: A SEQUENCE: Lionel is getting drunk and starting to get totally flipped out on the HARD JAZZ, ticcing and shoutin with abandon, self-consciousness gone because it seems to egg on the band... BILLY ROSE: in the door. A young dude leaning in to whisp to him but Billy’s eyes are LOCKED ON-- LIONEL and LAURA, leaning together drinking and laughing. BILLY whispering back to the guy and indicating... Suddenly the guy is at Laura’s elbow pulling on her and whispering. Lionel is too into the music to notice...he’s on his feet and jerking spasmodically...but LAURA is havi none of it. She knows this guy and is telling him to beat it. SONG ENDS to clapping and shouts. LIONEL hooting and whistling. THE TRUMPET PLAYER is picking up the vibe off Laura and intervenes on the mic....
64) 0) text: ON THE CURB: GABBY’S CAR pulls up to where Laura and another staff member stand waiting. Gabby jumps out and Laura grabs her hand and, leaving Lionel behind, we rush with them across and through the center of the Arch, revealing REFORMER #2 speaking to the crowd of a large protest. Hundreds have gathered: placards, real citizens every stripe out in force, energized and angry.
76) 13) dialog: Oh no...Oh NOOOOO! She pushes past him to Billy’s body, distraught. WIDE: the sad tableau of her bent over BILLY’S BODY with Lionel hanging behind...and music floats in as we CUT TO: INT. LAURA’S HALLWAY / APARTMENT DOOR - NIGHT 115 He escorts her up the stairs of the tenement apartment to her door. She inserts the key but stops with her hand on it. Her head falls and she starts weeping. He reaches dow gently and pulls her hand off the key, turns it himself a opens the door. She stands in the doorway with tears falling silently dow her face. Pink Revisions 113.
76) 14) dialog: I can’t think of the last time I saw him smile...But...why would he do that...to himself...? Her voice breaks...he lifts her face up...
76) 16) dialog: Man was angry as long as I can remember. But nobody hated him like that...nobody. He reflexively touches her shoulder three times in a row. She accepts it...too upset to care. LAURA (cont'd) (CONT'D) Who would do such a thing?
76) 18) dialog: You got no idea... She weeps. He kisses her forehead but pulls back, awkward LAURA (cont'd) (CONT'D) Could you...stay with me a while?
76) 21) dialog: It's okay...I appreciate you staying.
76) 23) dialog: Why you being so nice to me?
76) 25) dialog: You're sweet. She takes his hand, winds her fingers into his.
76) 27) dialog: (smiles) Anybody ever told you you talk in your sleep?
76) 29) dialog: You never slept with anybody?
76) 31) dialog: Who’s Frank? His expression changes...a little suspicious
76) 33) dialog: You said that name in your sleep. You seemed...upset. (realizes) Was he your friend who got...? Lionel nods...She looks at him, searching...
76) 35) dialog: We all need someone looking out for us. 115. Pink Revisions 116. She kisses him softly, lingering a second. She rolls off the bed and out of frame...He watches her go, affected by her. ANGLE ON: a PHOTO IN A FRAME on the shelf near the bed... BEAUTIFUL YOUNG BLACK WOMAN in a 20’s-style dress, smilin Her skin very dark, eyes white and shining...happy. Holdi a LITTLE BABY, wrapped up.
76) 37) dialog: She died a long time ago. I don’t remember her. I guess we both got nobody now. He studies her...
76) 39) dialog: What?
76) 41) dialog: No...I mean, somebody's getting rich but...no...
76) 43) dialog: What’s Billy got to do with it? She seems She nods, Pink Revisions 117.
76) 45) dialog: (totally perplexed) That’s not possible...he doesn’t even...he didn’t even know what I’m working on. I got an uncle knows Gabby that got me that job. (beat) You're not a reporter are you?
76) 47) dialog: Gabby’s expecting me. We’re preparing her testimony before the vote...it’s important but... (flustered) I need to make arrangements, a funeral...
79) 0) text: Lionel is hustling Laura out into the reception area, looking for a private place to talk...a few of the staff glance over as he pulls her urgently by the arm...his fac is grim and angry. She looks flustered...
79) 1) dialog: Where are we goin--- He pulls her into... INT. HOUSING COMMITTEE OFFICE - MEN’S BATHROOM 126 He pulls her in, locks the door and shoves the PHOTO in h face.
79) 3) dialog: Where did you--?
79) 5) dialog: (soft) Paul. Paul Morris.
79) 7) dialog: My father...
79) 9) dialog: No...
79) 11) dialog: No...that’s not my father with my uncle Paul... It’s my Uncle Billy with my father...Paul. at her in shock. LAURA (cont'd) (CONT'D) You remember that picture of my mother? Now look at Billy. Now look at me. (Re: her light skin) You see? Rest of the world might look past me without seeing, but I don’t. (MORE )
79) 12) text: 127 Pink Revisions 127. LAURA (cont'd) (CONT'D) They never said so, but it doesn’t take much to put it together. Why else he take such an interest in me? Take care of me when Billy was in the war? Pay for law school when he’s got nothing?
79) 14) dialog: I don’t think he’s got family. Lionel pulls the old newspaper clip....hands it to her.
79) 16) dialog: That’s not...
79) 18) dialog: That’s not possible...! INT. PAUL RANDOLPH’S APARTMENT - AFTERNOON 127 Paul is answering the door...his flophouse studio is a spare freezing single room, but neatly ordered. LIONEL BURSTS IN...He sticks the photo in Paul’s FACE. Pa grabs it and his color drains...
81) 0) text: The OLD PENN STATION...the now-destroyed masterpiece of vaulted iron...the grandest terminal ever built... LIONEL moves through the drifting crowd and beams of low yellow winter sunset, heading toward... A bank of LUGGAGE LOCKERS... He searches for a number, finds it and INSERTS THE KEY... THE DOOR OPENS. He reaches inside and pulls out...MINNA’S ENVELOPE. He sits on a bench and opens it TIGHT ON: The items spilling out...documents and a woman’ watch. LIONEL FLIPS THROUGH THEM, STUDYING... TIGHT ON DETAILS: numerous HOTEL REGISTRY CARDS with the name “Moses Randolph” on them and his signature; Employme records for the same hotel for a “Bella Rose”; a fine wat inscribed “To Bella”; and last... A BIRTH CERTIFICATE...of LAURA ROSE. 1927.
84) 0) text: LAURA boards the train. She is fighting back tears.
86) 0) text: Laura moves from one car to another and a MAN seems to be following her. THE CAB, racing uptown, beating a yellow light going red. IN THE TRAIN: an announcement that the train will go no further due to a breakdown. Laura groans and prepares to get out with other passengers LIONEL coming out of his skin in the back.
87) 0) text: Laura walking in the cold, farther from home than normal 139 140 141 142 Pink Revisions 138.
88) 0) text: Lionel looking out the window: The KING ROOSTER and LAURA BUILDING coming into view POV: Laura a few steps from her corner He cranks the window down and SCREAMS HER NAME, but as he does a LARGE TRUCK passes drowning him out. It clears and she’s rounding the corner, unaware. He’s not going to cat her...He hurls money at the cabbie and leaps out practically still rolling.
89) 0) text: He immediately looks up at: LAURA’S APT WINDOW. A light i the window SUDDENLY GOES OUT. SOMEONE IS WAITING IN HER APARTMENT and Lionel explodes across the street. HIGH-TEMPO MUSIC SNAPS IN...COMING FROM THE CLUB. He hits the sidewalk, past the ROOSTER. The TRUMPET PLAYE looks up from his cigarette at Lionel flying by. EXT. LAURA’S APARTMENT BUILDING / SIDE STREET - NIGHT 141 A car is parked in the shadows across the street. Over the shoulder of the driver we see LIONEL BURST AROUN THE CORNER...the DRIVER (CONEY) reacts in shock
89) 27) text: LIONEL’s ELBOWS are locked around posts of the railing, trying to resist...being pulled down...but it’s too much and HE’S SLIPPING...he DROPS TWO STEPS FAST, CLAWING TO G A NEW GRIP...but the KNIFE IS MOVING IN when... CRASH! Something HITS the Giant RIGHT IN THE FOREHEAD, OPENING A CUT LIKE A BOXER, AS LIONEL TWISTS AWAY... THE GIANT looks up at...LAURA ON THE PLATFORM ABOVE,
89) 36) dialog: 
89) 47) dialog: What don’t I know? He stops and looks at her.
92) 0) text: Lionel’s car pulls up on the edge of a sandswept road and he gets out and sees. LAURA sitting wrapped in blankets on the porch of a weathered little house. He stops at the bottom step and stands facing her.
92) 2) dialog: What is it that I don’t know? He sits next to her... there is a certain dread on her face... LAURA (cont'd) (CONT'D) (repeats) What is it? He looks her square in the face. She looks back at him, searching...or maybe shaking her head imperceptibly at th impossible truth that she already knows...
92) 4) dialog: What is this place?
92) 6) dialog: Still looking out for you after all. (beat) Funny how things turn out. He nods and stares outward at something...puzzling at a memory.
92) 8) dialog: What’s that?
92) 12) dialog: Maybe this is what he meant.