0) 2) dialog: Hey, boss. (muted) Boss, bosses, bossed, bossy...
0) 4) dialog: Yeah...it’s under control. I got my gum. I got ya covered.
0) 6) dialog: Two men get out of each and converge on the sidewalk in front of the building. One of them is A GIANT MAN IN A DA COAT...easily 7'0”.
0) 7) dialog: Hey. They’re on the way, Frank Pink Revisions 6. In the apartment A DOOR BUZZER SOUNDS. LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D) (reacting to the GIANT) Jesus...Everything cool, Boss?
0) 12) dialog: (into his sleeve) Cold wig on a rod }!
0) 68) dialog: 
0) 71) dialog: They hit him! It sounded like they hit him!
0) 73) dialog: No. He said “lemme use the can” We're supposed to follow him. CAN
0) 75) dialog: 
0) 77) dialog: Me neither, let’s go. They pile out of the car, Gil has to wait as the SECOND BLACK CAR goes by, losing a step on... LIONEL, moving up the sidewalk fast, now directly across the street as Frank gets pushed into the back seat of the
0) 80) dialog: 
0) 83) dialog: LEFT! LEFT! Lefty Louie Lick Me! Coney rips the wheel...
0) 85) dialog: Slow down...slow down. And suddenly they are easing directly alongside the other car LIONEL / CONEY POV: FRANK sitting between the men, GLANCE
0) 91) dialog: We lost him! Hidden beyond a TRUCK in the right lane up ahead, THE BLA CAR suddenly appears, making a HARD RIGHT and racing off UNDER the structure of a massive bridge... CONEY almost blasts past, but rips the turn from the middle lane, forcing another car to brake, horn blaring. And now they can see the car up ahead, whipping under the bridge towar a dark turn ahead...
0) 93) dialog: The ramp... he’s going to Queens. QueenieConeyQueenieConeyQueenie! They follow fast and rip down into the dark...
1) 0) text: Lionel and Coney’s car careens up the curve of an on-ramp
2) 0) text: .»..cars backed up in three open lanes and they roll to a stop. Lionel again rips open his door as they stop, standing up next to the car in time to see...two lanes over to the right, THE BLACK CAR BREAKS RIGHT OUT OF THE LANES and heads for an empty lane marked ‘AUTHORIZED VEHICLES ONLY’ as_a TOLL OFFICER STEPS INTO THAT BOOTH.
2) 2) dialog: Son of a bitch! He goes back inside but they’re boxed in and being channeled into a booth. LIONEL hits CONEY in the arm. LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D)
2) 5) dialog: We need a quarter! They scramble for the toll. Coney finds one and practical throws it at the guy, barreling through the booth. EXT. TRIBOROUGH BRIDGE / INT. LIONEL’S CAR - DAY 11 AERIAL VIEW: Their car blasts around slower moving cars o the bridge, revealing THE EAST RIVER AND THE NEW YORK SKYLINE with the late afternoon sun in our eyes. LIONEL’S EYES: Frantically searching, desperate... Lionel is tapping Coney’s shoulder manically.
2) 6) dialog: Don’t lose em! Jesus, Coney, come on!
2) 8) dialog: 
3) 0) text: Bridge looming above, the car barrels straight at us down side street LIONEL’S EYES FIND -- TIRE MARKS, turning LEFT.
3) 1) dialog: There, go left! LEFTY LOOSY
3) 2) dialog: THE CAR rips a left turn onto wider industrial avenue. Th streets are pretty desolate over here...a lot of warehous
3) 6) dialog: I'd say they’re somewhere, Gil, yes! Where? POV: Industrial warehouses, sidestreets WHIPPING BY ...-and as they cross one, all in a flash, LIONEL SEES --
4) 0) text: LIONEL POV: FRANK. RUNNING TOWARD THEM...hand outstretched... BEHIND HIM -- THE GIANT, out of the car, AIMING A GUN-- THEY WHIP PAST this view and hear: BANG! BANG! Gunshots
4) 1) dialog: 
4) 5) dialog: 
4) 9) text: LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D) Jesus, Frank.
4) 12) dialog: Help me. Coney piles out and opens the rear door. Lionel lifts Fra under the arms, Coney his legs but he drops one of his fe
5) 1) dialog: Head for the hospital. Hospitable
5) 7) dialog: We shoulda jumped in sooner, I thought you were signaling...
5) 11) dialog: Who? Who were they? Minna shakes his head. Pink Revisions 20.
5) 13) dialog: Huh? Okay. Guy walks into a bar...
5) 15) dialog: Guy walks into a bar with an octopus. Says to the bartender “I'll bet a hundred this octopus can play any instrument in the joint.”
5) 17) dialog: REACTOPUS! Bartender points to a piano. Guy puts the octopus up on the stool-- PIANOPUS! Octopus plays a few scales and then lays out a little etude...
5) 19) dialog: EAT ME BAILEY! Bartender pulls out a guitar. Octopus tunes the E string, closes its eyes and whips out a sweet little fandango--
5) 21) dialog: FANDAFAG!-- Guys says, “Pay up.” Bartender say, “Hang on.” Rummages around and finds an old set of bagpipes. Plops em on the bar. Guy brings the octopus over--
5) 24) dialog: Octopus looks em over. Squints at em, takes another look. Bartender says, “Pay up! He can’t play it!” And the Octopus says, “Play it? If I can figure out how to get its pajamas off I’m gonna fuck it!”
5) 30) dialog: Hang on, Boss. Tell us who did it.
5) 34) dialog: 
7) 0) text: Minna on a gurney, a Nurse and two orderlies racing it do a hall with LIONEL hanging by Frank’s side. He holds Minna’s hand and taps his shoulder compulsively as they enter the...
8) 3) dialog: Boss, who was in that room?
8) 5) dialog: Who, Frank? What went down in there?!
8) 7) dialog: Blood Bag, Bailey!
8) 10) dialog: I’m here, Frank.
8) 12) dialog: Okay. Who did it, Frank? Minna’s eyes are scared now. He’s trying to say something LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D) You were working for those guys? Minna shakes his head. Tries to whisper something. LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D) (leaning down) What? What Frank?
8) 14) dialog: Formosa? What is that?
9) 0) text: Doors open: the doctor comes into the hall. Lionel stands holding Frank’s hat and twitching violently.
9) 1) dialog: Guy walks into a bar...
9) 3) dialog: Guy walks into a bar...
9) 5) dialog: Oh no... A guy walks--
9) 7) dialog: --into a bar! SO SORRY, BAILEY! LIONEL pushes past the doctor like a drowning man. He’s out of control. He needs air. CONEY sees him coming and knows. He bows his head and tri to slow Lionel down but Lionel blows past... 19 20 21 Pink Revisions 25.
10) 0) text: Lionel explodes out of the building in despair. He looks at the sky, clutching Frank’s hat, ticc-ing and shouting. FROM ABOVE: Coney walks out and stands with his hand on Lionel’s shoulder...and we CUT TO:
12) 0) text: A low-rent office. A few desks in an open room; chairs on rollers; filing cabinets. One door with frosted glass leads to Minna’s office. Another to a darkroom. LIONEL sits slumped in a chair, his bloody coat, Frank’s hat and other stuff on the desk in front of him. Coney leans against the wall smoking a cigarette. TONY VERMONTE and DANNY FANTL sit on desks. TONY is slick A clothes horse, impatient to get to something better: th leader of these four. DANNY’s early 40’s, skinny and a little haunted...but solid, wise. A listener.
12) 2) dialog: He gave us the cue to follow. We made a move to get in...but he signaled me off...I think...
12) 4) dialog: I’m not sure. They mighta. Anyway he said “use the can” after that. Can the loose man.
12) 6) dialog: I told you he tried to give em the slip...I don’t know, it happened fast and we didn’t see it.
12) 8) dialog: (exploding) I told you three times, Tony... We lost him at the bridge, they had some fucking badge! The fuck were we supposed to do?!
12) 17) dialog: Timbuktuk-it. How'd she take it?
12) 19) dialog: Don’t say it again, I ain’t in the mood!
12) 22) dialog: I‘1l do it. He stands and reaches for his coat but realizes it’s covered in blood, his sweater too. Danny hops up, reaches into Minna’s office door and grabs Frank’s old NAVY PEA COAT. He hands it to Lionel, who balks but Danny pushes i on him
12) 24) dialog: I was with him. Maybe she’1ll want to know what happened at the end. He heads for the door.
12) 26) dialog: No.
12) 30) dialog: (awkward) Hi Julia...
12) 32) dialog: No...I brought you Frank’s things.
12) 34) dialog: Julia, I’m really...
12) 36) dialog: Twisty twinky. Sorry. Lionel is trying hard not to twitch around her but the effort almost makes it worse. Lionel clearly makes her a little uncomfortable.
12) 38) dialog: Sure. Pink Revisions 29. He flips Frank’s hat onto the side table and dumps out of it: a watch, a matchbook, some change, an address book, Frank’s wallet...
12) 40) dialog: I’m gonna keep his gun, if that’s okay with you. (she nods) You want his hat?
12) 42) dialog: I was.
12) 44) dialog: Yeah. (beat) He was talking about you...wanted me to tell you he...
12) 48) dialog: Don’t be.
12) 50) dialog: Julia...Frank say anything to you about what he was working on?
12) 52) dialog: (shakes his head) But if I figure it out, I’m gonna make ‘em regret it. I promise you that.
13) 0) text: Lionel enters takes off his coat and hat. He hangs Minna’ hat up next to his on the wall... His weeping has turned into twitches and small shouts that seem to be building.. 26 27 28 Pink Revisions 31. A MIRROR reflects his bed. In it we see him sit only part visible on the edge of the bed, get something out of a drawer (a small pipe) and then a match flares and we see him inhaling something. He sets it down and takes a photo off the side table PHOTO: Much younger and cooler looking Frank Minna with h arm around a young Lionel, skinny...both smiling. ON LIONEL: eyes glazing, he smiles a little and lets himself fall back onto the bed... INT. LIONEL’S DREAM/SWIMMING POOL 26 As he hits the sheets they ripple TURNING INTO AMBER COLORED WATER. Lionel sinks slowly, happily, eyes open We see him sinking fully clothed in a limitless pool of water with amber light dancing around him and as he sinks... ...a SHADOWY FIGURE swims past on the surface above him. CLOSE ON LIONEL’S EYES: disturbed LIONEL’S POV: from down below looking up through the water, dancing with amber light, A MAN SWIMS HARD ON THE SURFACE, PASSING OVER HIM.
18) 0) text: A bundle of World Telegram Suns slaps down and has the co cut off. “MEET THE NEW BOSS: Mayor’s Full Inaugural ” LIONEL walks past and down the block, nursing a coffee, past boys hawking papers... 34 Pink Revisions 36.
19) 0) text: Lionel enters to find... THE OFFICE HAS BEEN TRASHED, turned upside down. The other guys are already there and Julia is sitting ina chair, crying a little, shaken. Tony’s comforting her.
19) 3) dialog: What the hell happened?
19) 9) text: a little more...for Frank or for herself? Tony pats her back as Danny shoots Lionel a look. She gets herself together. JULIA (cont'd) (CONT'D) Look I know the car service was mostly for the books but he never talked about how he ran the snoop work and I ain’t interested. So I’m putting Tony in charge. He’ll handle the business of it and keep me in the loop. (pause) I know you all go way back with him, longer than me, but that’s just the way it is for now I guess.
19) 14) dialog: Sorry... Tony rolls his eyes and leads her out the door.
19) 16) dialog: (embarrassed) Touch it, Bailey! Danny and Lionel start picking up papers and files.
19) 20) dialog: He was nervous though.
19) 23) dialog: Were you on that line, dumbshit? I’m telling you he was nervous. Nervous Nellie! I could hear it. He was making some kind of a play. Pink Revisions 39.
19) 25) dialog: (automatic rapid-fire) Cold Wig Rod! Horo-whip Commie! Hammy-Ham on Swiss!
19) 27) dialog: A colored broad, someone named Horowitz, a committee, Hamilton something, something about a signature. They hired him to dig around this committee and he found something important and I think he was trying to squeeze ‘em for extra... I don’t know it was hard to hear it all. There’s something big going down a week from Thursday and whatever he found they weren’t happy about it.
19) 29) dialog: CRACK WACKER! I don’t think they meant to...I think they messed up and killed him and now they’re stuck looking for it.
19) 31) dialog: Nothing.
19) 35) dialog: (verbatim - fast) He said: ‘no,ah shit Brooklyn she’s in trouble, played outta my league shoulda... (quieter) Said: “hey Brooklyn you’re no freak okay...?” (beat) He was saying something else at the end... (almost says ‘Formosa’ ) ---I don’t know, I couldn’t hear him.
19) 39) dialog: Maybe...Frank did side-work for them since we were all at the Home. But he never got in deep. And he'd have never played it this way with made guys. This felt different. I don’t think he saw this coming. A silence. All at a loss.
19) 43) dialog: We owe him more’n that, T.
19) 45) dialog: I’m on that.
19) 47) dialog: Fraud fag!
20) 2) dialog: Frank Frankady Franko. Minnow Man. “HEAD INVESTIGATOR” LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D) Invest-ahead. RING! Phone. LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D) L&L. (beat) We have cars available, where would you... Chevy, ma’m. Yes ma’m, this year’s model, where would you... New leather interior, yes. No it smells nice. 247 DeKalb at 2:30. Thank you. Hangs up. He writes down words, mind turning NOTES: colored girl, committee, Horowitz, report, Hamilto signature, father club, one week.
20) 5) dialog: He’s out on a case, how can I help you?
20) 7) dialog: 
21) 1) dialog: Formosa. For-mo-sa-sa-sa-saaaah. He starts rubbing his temples and things SLOW DOWN...
21) 5) dialog: (popping up)
21) 8) dialog: Spinning. You back already?
21) 10) dialog: (tortured) I shouldn’ta let him get in that car.
21) 12) dialog: I knew it was going bad. I felt it. Felt the pelt! I blew it.
21) 14) dialog: Yeah. Thanks, Danny.
21) 16) dialog: What? Oh yeah...shit. What time is it? Gotta pickup at 2:30. CLOCK: 2:15 He jumps up and takes Minna’s coat and hat off, grabs the pea coat and heads to the door. LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D) IF! Hey. You ever hear Frank say anything about “Formosa”?
22) 0) text: His car slides up on a club marquee. “THE FORMOSA”. INT. FORMOSA LOUNGE - DAY 4l 50’s supper club. Classy. Lionel comes in and looks aroun It’s afternoon empty. Latin guys setting the floor tables There’s a HOSTESS cleaning up candles from tables BARTENDER comes over as Lionel eases onto a stool.
22) 2) dialog: Can I get an early one? Whiskey ginger. Pink Revisions 46. Bartender nods. Lionel pulls a bill and a matchbook out o his pocket, puts them on the bar. Takes Minna’s detective license out of his coat. LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D) Say pal, you in here regular?
22) 4) dialog: You know a guy named Minna? Frank. That’s him. The bartender looks a beat. Shakes his head
22) 7) dialog: Sorry... Fast now, lights a third, trying to keep it together. Compulsively blows it out.
22) 10) dialog: Nah, it’s...it has to sound right or I can’t stop doing it. 42 43 Pink Revisions 47. He lights two more matches and on the last one he’s good.
22) 12) dialog: Buddy, you don’t know the half of it. Starts to pocket the matches and change...
22) 14) dialog: I don’t know it.
23) 0) text: A RED NEON SIGN WITH THE CROWNED ROOSTER ON IT. Lionel pulls up. 44 Pink Revisions 48.
24) 0) text: A small dark Harlem joint. Bar, tables and a little space for the band in a paneled corner that’s hardly even a stage. Black bartender setting up. THREE BLACK GUYS at a back table talking low. One with his back to the bar. LIONEL enters and quick looks check him out. One guy, 50’ very dark black skin, looks at Lionel in the mirror long and hard, watchful.
24) 2) dialog: Can I get an early one? I’m freezing here. Whiskey neat. He slaps a bill up. The bartender’11l take that. LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D) (fishing) Say, you the manager?
24) 4) dialog: Who's playing tonight?
24) 10) dialog: Catch em! Coolie cat! He tries to make it seem like a sneeze. He’s getting excited and that winds up his tics. He’s got to get out. LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D) Catch him another time. If!
25) 0) text: It’s cold and clear. Lionel’s got a coffee. People are hustling for the subway. Lionel comes past a telephone pole close to camera, flick his eyes at the flyers on it and EXITS... PIECES OF PAPER posted to the pole rustle in the cold... ..-and Lionel comes back into frame, looking closer at on of the flyers, reading:
26) 0) text: Lionel enters Danny’s reading the paper. Tony’s on the phone, pissed...
26) 2) text: He hangs up. Sees Lionel looking at him. That was his case. TONY (cont'd) (CONT'D) I’m giving him the rest of the week.
26) 5) dialog: (to Danny) We got pickups?
26) 13) dialog: Hey, D... You up for something?
26) 15) dialog: Sit on a joint for me. Pink Revisions 52.
26) 17) dialog: Club up in Harlem. I think Frank was there that day or the day before...it was in his pants, almost full. Fullsie Pants!
26) 19) dialog: In the room he was talking about a girl, a colored chick. Something she knew had em pretty unhappy, wondering who else knew. Frank said her father is a busted up vet who runs a club...this joint is three blocks from that meet.
26) 21) dialog: (nods ) Manager is a guy named Billy with a bum arm. LIONEL POV: Tony pulls the number he wrote down and dials
26) 23) dialog: Get in there see if you can get her name out of him. Do your liquor board bit. You got that ID still? Lick Broader!
26) 25) dialog: Well if you got nothing better to do... sit on it a while, see if she shows.
26) 27) dialog: No, I'm working another angle. We'll pin her down. LIONEL’S POV: Tony on his way back.
26) 29) dialog: Cause he’d a done it for us.
26) 31) dialog: Take the Blue ride, heater’1l roast you like a brisket. Bet on the bris!
27) 0) text: Lionel crosses the street heading for a nondescript offic building. Checks the address and enters. 51 52 Pink Revisions 54.
28) 0) text: Lionel finds a door with just a number on it. Checks his info again, takes out a piece of gum, folds it exactly in half and pops it in his mouth and then enters into...
29) 0) text: An open space with desks pushed up against one another. L budget informality. A few private offices with doors at t far end and right in front by the door... Lionel enters and goes to close the door but has to re-op it and close it twice more to make it sound right. He’s good at stakeouts, not at this part. HIS EYES flick around... People busy at work on phones, typing, filling out forms, conferring with each other. A few middle-aged Jewish men and women, and, Lionel immediately notices, FOUR YOUNG BLACK WOMEN, working in different parts of the room: one typing, one walking papers back to one of the offices... One at a reception desk, looking up at Lionel.
29) 1) dialog: (pretends it’s a sneeze) If!
29) 3) dialog: Thank you.
29) 5) dialog: Yes, I’m here to see Mildred?
29) 7) dialog: I think it was Mildred...
29) 9) dialog: (under his breath) Myrna bird. (covers) No I believe she was a colored girl.
29) 11) dialog: No I’m sure it was Mildred. She spoke to me on the phone about my application. What’s your name?
29) 13) dialog: My vendor’s license. Blank stare LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D) Is this not the licensing office?
29) 15) dialog: Then you can’t very well help me sell hot dogs can you! (laughs too loud) I’m sorry to have bothered you. He tips his hat and starts to head out the door. Ona hunch turns back and takes a flyer... LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D) Is Mr. Horowitz in by any chance?
29) 17) dialog: Either one’1l do. 53 54-55 Pink Revisions 56.
29) 20) dialog: Horse-a-whip, Whore-a-witch, Horowitz. He watches her walk away the flicks back to the door A BUNCH OF PEOPLE FROM THE OFFICE, including Horowitz and THE OTHER THREE BLACK GIRLS. CLICK. CLICK. CLICK. He’s popping off shots of them all expertly, like a marksman. This he’s good at. They’re all separating and he has to make a decision and he follows Horowitz... She steps to the curb and hails a CAB. LIONEL starts his car.
31) 5) dialog: They say anything?
32) 3) dialog: Match me, Bailey! That’s it. She’s the one. Her name was Laura.
32) 6) dialog: (ignores him) You tailed her?
32) 8) dialog: I’m telling you this is the broad Frank was tailing.
32) 11) dialog: We only just started! They look at each other for a beat. Tony seems to be calculating something. His attitude has changed.
32) 13) dialog: I ain’t looking to make a deal with these fucks but yeah, okay.
32) 17) dialog: Sure, Danny. Right thing.
32) 21) dialog: For Julia? She can go twist.
32) 23) dialog: Nah, I’m going home. I’1l see ya later. Tony stares at him a beat then nods at him and leaves. Lionel stares at the photo of Laura and as we push in on her image we CUT TO: 60 61 62 63 64 Pink Revisions 62. EXT. LAURA’S BUILDING - MORNING 60 A passerby crosses the street in the cold passing through small PARK where we find: LIONEL, sipping coffee, twitchi a little and mumbling to himself. He seems happier when he’s alone, less anxious about his tics. Almost seems to enjoy turning words over...
32) 24) dialog: Laura Rose. Rose is a rose is a rose... Larosa! And then he sees...LAURA comes out of her building, and he’s out and moving to follow her... She walks along in the cold, LIONEL sliding into view behind her as she makes her way to...
33) 0) text: Laura heads down the steps...Lionel follows.
34) 0) text: Laura boards the train and moves toward an empty seat onl to have a WHITE GUY move his bag onto the seat and stare her as the train begins to move. She stares at the man with no expression and he back at her, daring her. She turns her back to him leans against a pole, facing direct at LIONEL, which makes him feel a tic coming that he comically struggles to suppress. She takes a book from he bag, some sort of textbook and begins to read, studying a with this he turns away to release a tic and shout. A WOM WITH A SMALL GIRL reacts to this and moves the child away from him. This makes Laura look up over her book for a moment, just as he turns back around and they meet each others gaze fo just a second. She is composed and lovely.
35) 0) text: PEOPLE GETTING OFF AND ON...More of them white now. Laura is seated but she sees an older white woman coming on wit a cane and gets up to give her the seat. The woman sits without acknowledging Laura. As if she hadn’t been there in the first place. 65 Pink Revisions 63. The boarding crowd pushes Lionel further in and he finds himself standing right next to her as the train starts up
36) 0) text: Laura walks down a block with Lionel tailing behind. The neighborhood is edgy, run down, with many boarded up row houses, uncollected trash and abandoned furnishings. LAURA goes up a stoop and rings a bell. A BLACK LADY answers, wary. Laura talks for a moment and removes some papers from her bag, handing them to the woman. The woman glances at them, nods and closes the door. ANOTHER DOOR. She buzzes. A FACE IN THE SECOND FLOOR WINDOW... a wave. ANOTHER BLACK LADY smiles and hands Laura a sheaf of the same forms and they talk. Lionel can see that the woman i indignant and that Laura is TAKING NOTES. ANOTHER DOOR...this building so bombed out it looks abandoned but AN OLD BLACK MAN WRAPPED IN A BLANKET OPENS and this time Laura goes inside. Lionel glimpses her in the window of the first floor. He pulls some small BINOCULARS out of his pocket, checks around then looks through them... BINOCULAR POV: through the window, LAURA talks with the OLD MAN. It’s obviously freezing in there. She takes out papers and sits with him, asking questions and writing hi answers into the forms. LIONEL turns around for a closer look at a rowhouse behin him, its front door and second story windows boarded up. looks up AT THE FRONT DOOR A SIGN: CONDEMNED: PROPERTY OF: BELMONT DEVELOPERS... A SOUND SURPRISES HIM and he jumps. To his surprise a WOMAN WITH TWO KIDS COME OUT from the garden level door under the stoop. He thought it was abandoned but clearly there are people squatting here. The WOMAN eyes him fearfully and hustles her kids away. 66 67 68 Pink Revisions 64.
37) 0) text: TIGHT ON: A PUDDLE OF WATER. Stark trees, fire escapes & sky reflected in it as LAURA steps across it, rippling th surface and we tilt up to find LIONEL tailing her. He watches as she heads for a nondescript storefront/office: Inwood Residential Services. She goes the door and tries it but it’s locked. She turns and face the street, clearly exasperated as a CAR pulls up and GAB gets out of the driver side. She and Laura confer and Laura moves to get in the car. LIONEL spots a cab and hails it but hustles over to the storefront for a quick look at the sign on the door: “INWOOD: Your Happy Home is Our Business!”. HOURS: 9-5 Lionel looks at his watch: 3:21 Should be open. But he hustles to his cab.
38) 0) text: The cab pulls over on the shoulder, a distance from the other car which is pulled up under an overpass, with haza lights on. Lionel’s POV: the women getting out.
38) 1) dialog: Get out and pop your hood and check the oil.
38) 3) dialog: Keep the meter going. He lifts his binoculars as the cabbie grudgingly complies Lionel’s POV: Gabby shading her eyes, looking up at... LAURA, who has climbed up the slope to the overpass above and is lowering a tape measure. We PAN DOWN with the tape measure to Gabby, who records t height of the overpass. ON LIONEL: no idea what they’re doing. SMASH CUT TO:
39) 0) text: FACES IN A BUZZING SEATED CROWD as we tilt up to see GABB & LAURA, hustling down the center aisle of a packed auditorium to where their staff members hold seats near a standing mic. A group of men at two long tables on stage with mics. Amo the men, THE MAYOR and LIEBERMAN. LIONEL enters in the back and takes in the scene. He note a guy in the back rows with ‘PRESS’ cards in his hat band and slides into a seat behind him. Lionel leans over his shoulder and takes out his notebook to play at being a fellow reporter
39) 1) dialog: This ain’t my beat. What’s the story?
39) 21) dialog: Every Chevy shelf! Randolph glares at the Mayor who is starting to sweat.
39) 27) dialog: Address him by name, Bailey! So they grab him too and hustle him out with the MAN (Pau LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D) Say it, Hammy Ham House Heads!!
40) 0) text: Lionel and the MAN shrug off the final SHOVES of the cops and stand looking at each other in the street. THE MAN is neatly dressed but his clothes are visibly wor and shabby. Gaunt and graying, he could be taken for a bu but his eyes are fierce and sharp, hawkish. We will come know him as Paul. He regards Lionel with curiosity...
40) 2) dialog: (still ticcing) IF! sorry... IF!
40) 4) dialog: Hey, hold on... tell me something. That guy Lieberman, he’s in charge of this Hamilton deal?
40) 6) dialog: You said “Formosa”...what’s that?
40) 8) dialog: You said “They’re all working Formosa.” What’s that mean?
40) 10) dialog: Mo Randolph? That guy who came in?
40) 12) dialog: Jacob Gleason, the Post. Let me buy you a cup of coffee.
41) 0) text: Paul digs in like a guy who eats too rarely. Lionel pops gum and nurses a tea... Paul talks like a firehose...disgorging so much information, even as he chews, that it’s hard to keep up with the thread. Huge pent up frustration venting in urge torrents with hardly a pause between thoughts...
41) 2) dialog: I thought he was Commissioner of Parks?
41) 4) dialog: But they called him Construction Commissioner.
41) 8) dialog: SMACKS AXE. He'll piss too many people off. He’1ll be the most hated man in NY.
41) 10) dialog: Why?
41) 12) dialog: So he’s getting rich. Paid off.
41) 16) dialog: But you said they just created the position...so how...?
41) 18) dialog: 
43) 0) text: Lionel walks through the grand marble lobby.
44) 0) text: Lionel walks into the huge room carrying a few huge bound volumes of newspapers and sits at a table c.U. - Articles on Moses Randolph. One after another announcing his accomplishments “West River Park Opens”, “Hudson Highway”, “A Grand New Beach for Gotham”, “Bronx Expressway to Liberate Manhattan from Traffic Snarl”. And effusions of Randolph: “Servant of the People”; “A Reformer becomes a Builder: ‘to build is to dream’ says Moses Randolph” PICTURES: the Triborough Bridge under construction. Moses smiling and shaking hands with one Mayor after another: LaGuardia; O’Dwyer; Impellitieri; the new Mayor... Lionel stops on one: “The Men of the B.A.” - a photo show Randolph seated and smiling broadly, surrounded by men in Suits. Their names captioned: William Lieberman, George Spaulding, Tom Brooks... LIONEL FOCUSES ON: William Lieberman. He was the man in the apartment with Minna. The one in charge...
44) 1) dialog: (whispered) Lieberman. Leering man. CLOSE ON: another article...”The Private Life of a Public Man...many of his closest colleagues were surprised to learn he has a brother.” PICTURE: a YOUNGER MOSES RANDOLPH and A MAN WHO LOOKS VER FAMILIAR...both in black tie attire and smiling...Randolp leans affectionately on his brother’s shoulder CAPTION: “Moses Randolph and Paul Randolph: 1927” LIONEL’s FACE: recognizing Paul Randolph as the man he bought dinner for. He takes out his pen-knife and quietly cuts out this phot and pockets it. 74 75 76 77 Pink Revisions 75.
45) 0) text: TIME CUT: Lionel is handing the box of papers back to a clerk when he sees the clerk’s paper lying open and a sma
47) 0) text: Black tie crowd. Working class, union bosses, wives...but dressed up and slicked for their one big night. Martini glasses and cigarettes. Union security at the doors to th Banquet with pins on their lapels. LIONEL steps out of elevators behind a few late arrivals who hustle in. Inside beyond the check in table the vast floor of banquet tables and stage can be seen. Not in a t and with no invite he clearly can’t go in the normal way. A BELL, signals the start of the program and people flow back in. Lionel moves across to another door...more to the side, a slides up to the UNION SECURITY APE. He pulls the edge of an envelope from inside his jacket...
47) 1) dialog: Gotta get this to Bill Lieberman. The pea-brain UNION APE knows that name well enough to ha to think... LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D) He’s gonna want to see this before Randolph sits back down with him... Too many big names to risk it. The guy waves him in and w begin to hear...
48) 0) text: SPEAKER (CONT’D) ..-A Brother to our Trade who would rightly be hailed this country’s Master Builder. Or...the ‘Great Dirt Mover’, as he likes to be called! LIONEL: slides into a back corner, waiters flowing in and out past him. He looks left and spots... JACOB GLEASON, the reporter from the public hearing, ina tux. He sees Lionel and thumbs his nose in solidarity. Lionel slides up next to him. Gleason nods, impressed Lionel got in without a tux. He whispers...
48) 2) dialog: You'd think Patton showed up.
49) 0) text: LIONEL follows Paul and then peeks around a corner to fin Paul pacing in the dark along a nice apartment building, near the edge of the light from the canopied doorway. He’ waiting, not hiding. THE BIG BLACK CAR pulls up...Paul straightens his hat and smooths his jacket as..... RANDOLPH GETS OUT. Paul steps out of the dark, blocking the path to the doorway. RANDOLPH stops and they stand facing each other a BEAM OF LIGHT FROM THE DOORWAY. Lionel leans around the corner to listen and we can see i playing out behind Lionel like a shadow play that we hear bits of. Paul holds THE FOLDER out. RANDOLPH stares at him then sa something and nods and takes the package. They exchange words and begin to argue but then Paul breaks off, relenting. He points at the package. Randolph nods and go inside. Paul stands, staring into the light after his brother, his thin coat blowing around him but his head up high. For a moment he seems straightened up by hope. Then he turns and walks into the dark.
50) 0) text: LIONEL hustling through the crowd in the cold.
51) 0) text: Lionel on the phone...muffling it a bit...
51) 1) dialog: Jacob Gleason for Laura Rose...hi yourself...nah, I gotta cold...Well where'd she go?...that in Fort Greene? Fart Cream!! (buries it like a sneeze) I‘1l do that...thanks. He’s off... 82 83 84 Pink Revisions 79. INT. LIONEL’S CAR #2/EXT. FORT GREENE STREET/BROWNSTONES Lionel drives down a street looking for an address. Even more desolate and run down than the first place he follow Laura, a once happy lower-middle class neighborhood of brownstones, now ravaged, boarded up windows everywhere. tense atmosphere... Suddenly he spots LAURA coming down a stoop with a young BLACK MAN. He is talking fast, ANGRY. Lionel parks and watches in the rear view mirror as they go up into anothe dilapidated brownstone. Lionel gets out and approaches the stoop. Spies that the ground floor door under the stoop is swinging open. Knock waits, looks around...and enters into...
53) 0) text: Lionel pokes into a bathroom and clicks the light on...it still works, dimly sputtering. Nice tiles broken to get a pipes, sink fixtures gone. He looks at himself in the mirror, watching impassively a his own head TWITCHES and SPASMS mildly.
53) 1) dialog: (to himself) Keep it together, freakshow. He reaches for the vanity mirror and opens it to see what inside only to find... POV: he’s looking clear into the next room. The wall behind the mirror has been opened and pipes stripped out. Then... A BLACK GUY STEPS INTO THE FRAME OUT OF NOWHERE, looking Lionel who jolts and with a yelp steps back into... The ANGRY GUY LAURA was with, now blocking the door. 85 Pink Revisions 80.
53) 3) dialog: Scared the hell...HELP, BAILEY! They look round for who he’s calling out to...
53) 5) dialog: Looking for a friend. Didn’t look like anyone lived down here...
53) 7) dialog: Yeah...course. Belmont. Who else, right? He looks back to the other guy...and the FIST IS ALREADY
54) 3) dialog: 
54) 6) dialog: (nods - seizing the angle) Hamilton hearing. I’m a reporter. She glares at the YOUNG MAN. He looks chagrined.
55) 0) text: Lionel has tissue up his nose as they walk.
55) 2) dialog: Slammer for Slum Lords, Bailey! Pink Revisions 82.
55) 4) dialog: (stopping her) No, no. Look I got a condition, I say funny things sometimes but I’m not trying to be funny, okay? I’m listening. Where’s everybody go?
55) 6) dialog: But Horowitz said they did it in Tremont too.
55) 8) dialog: You know more’n any secretary I ever met.
55) 10) dialog: “2 million for relocation; bridges a foot too low for buses; 1 out of 255 parks; $15 mil for $500k; 200,000 people in Ft Greene alone”. I never forget anything, believe me. Not a single word. She nods, impressed. He’s strange but he really looks at her and listens. He can’t help it and has to tap her twic on the shoulder. LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D) Sorry...I really can’t help it.
55) 12) dialog: Where do you live?
55) 14) dialog: I can give you a ride. Trains’1l be mobbed. That surprises her but she looks at him and then nods.
55) 17) dialog: Bebob, Bailey in the Metropolitan BOPera House! Shit. Sorry.
55) 19) dialog: Yeah. Hang around a little longer. She can see that it weighs on him. Notices the twitching now
55) 21) dialog: I don’t know. It’s like a piece of my head split off and got a life of its own but then decided to keep joyriding me for kicks. (!) It’s a fucking anarchist. But the flip side is its gotta have everything in its right place, sounding just right. Like I’m talking to you but that piece of my head? It’s worrying that the bills in my wallet aren’t all facing the same direction.
55) 23) dialog: Yeah, fair enough. Kiss her face all night, Bailey! He’s mortified by that one but she laughs hard...
55) 24) dialog: I really am sorry, I don’t mean nothing by it
56) 0) text: POV: Someone in a car is watching them park INT. LIONEL’S CAR/EXT. KING ROOSTER - CONTINUOUS 89 The exterior of the little club is hopping. People hustli inside, some folks having a smoke. A cool little kid in a full suit and hat on the sidewalk acting like a doorman waves at Laura through the window. Laura points to the building next to the club
56) 2) dialog: That keep you up nights?
56) 4) dialog: Pretty hopping on a Monday night.
56) 6) dialog: I came looking for you didn’t I? 90 Pink Revisions 86.
57) 0) text: This place is for real. No mid-town mainstream joint. A l of energy...buzz of anticipation over who’s playing...a f white Beat kids from Columbia trying to blend in... Almost immediately it starts to infect Lionel. His head jerks and he pops gum right away...Laura points him at a table against the wall and boots two young cats out of it with one look. She heads for the end of the bar and the cash register, bringing the BARTENDER to her with a look. She clearly has the run of the place... As Lionel sits he takes it all in...sees eyes on him. Coc Minna’s hat back and watches as a WHITE KID comes up nervously to the TRUMPET PLAYER having a drink before his band’s set with his FRENCH GIRLFRIEND and his Piano playe
57) 3) dialog: SO WHAT, Whitey White Suck Stick! 91 Pink Revisions 87. This makes the TRUMPET PLAYER turn in surprise laughing..
58) 0) text: A SEQUENCE: Lionel is getting drunk and starting to get totally flipped out on the HARD JAZZ, ticcing and shoutin with abandon, self-consciousness gone because it seems to egg on the band... BILLY ROSE: in the door. A young dude leaning in to whisp to him but Billy’s eyes are LOCKED ON-- LIONEL and LAURA, leaning together drinking and laughing. BILLY whispering back to the guy and indicating... Suddenly the guy is at Laura’s elbow pulling on her and whispering. Lionel is too into the music to notice...he’s on his feet and jerking spasmodically...but LAURA is havi none of it. She knows this guy and is telling him to beat it. SONG ENDS to clapping and shouts. LIONEL hooting and whistling. THE TRUMPET PLAYER is picking up the vibe off Laura and intervenes on the mic....
59) 0) text: LIONEL SPINS and gets SWEPT INTO THE MUSIC AGAIN
60) 0) text: ...where he gets THROWN DOWN HARD. THREE YOUNG GUYS looming over him. One gives him a good kick to the ribs. 94 Pink Revisions 89. LIONEL’S on the ground looking up, woozy and short of breath. BILLY'S THERE...looking down on him. Billy grabs him up b the collar, USING ONLY HIS LEFT ARM...THE RIGHT HANGING LIMP.
60) 2) dialog: You got it wrong--Scaredy Cat! Cracker Jack! Blackie Black! This pisses Billy off even more...He hauls Lionel up hard with his one powerful arm.
61) 0) text: SOUND OF FEET, shuffling. A match...someone snorts and spits. LIONEL’s POV: fading in...woozy....the TRUMPET PLAYER sitting over him, smoking...something in his hand. 95 Pink Revisions 90.
61) 1) dialog: Help...Hep! Hep!
62) 0) text: He’s coming out of the golden fog on the bridge, THE GEOMETRIC PATTERNS OF THE WIRES AND TOWERS ABOVE...he sees... A FIGURE, leaning on the rail...he turns...it’s MINNA. He’s wearing his same old hat, Lionel unconsciously reach for his head but he’s got nothing on it. Minna grins and looks out across the harbor....Lionel follows his gaze... DREAM POV: fog clears over the river and in beams of ligh the TOWERS AND SPANS OF A MASSIVE BRIDGE emerges...Impossibly big, spanning from Brooklyn to the t of Manhattan. Monstrous.
62) 1) dialog: ...the fuck is that...?
62) 3) dialog: What's going down, Frank?
62) 5) dialog: Jesus, this city has no end. They’re gonna cover the world with it.
62) 8) dialog: Sarge?
62) 12) dialog: You ever meet his wife?
62) 14) dialog: Laura’s mother...?
62) 16) dialog: You’re lucky. You got a horn to hide behind.
62) 18) dialog: I’m Lionel. You ever need a ride anywhere...give me a call. TRUMPET PLAYER takes it and smiles as Lionel exits. 97 Pink Revisions
63) 0) text: Lionel is heading across the street to the steps when he sees...Gabby Horowitz...coming down them. He stops...
63) 1) dialog: Mrs. Horowitz...? She looks up...he extends his hand. LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D) Jacob Gleason, reporter with the Post... She looks at him quizzically
63) 3) dialog: Sorry, Jake, brought me to the Hamilton Housing hearing. (extends a hand) Name’s Lionel Cook...Lies in a cook book!...I’m sorry, I’m not trying to be funny. I have a condition. She doesn’t know what to make of this but he’s twitching too and seems sincere... LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D) I’m a new writer for the Times and I’m very interested in this story. She shakes his hand...not totally convinced yet. LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D) I met your secr-- your aide, Laura Rose. Rose is a rose! She gave me a very illuminating tour of what’s going on in Ft. Greene. I wanted to follow up with her... This piques Gabby’s interest... 93. 97 Pink Revisions 94,
63) 5) dialog: I’m not saying I can get it A-1l but if I don’t do the legwork, I can’t try can I? This seems to impress her enough...
63) 7) dialog: 
63) 11) dialog: Never found anyone who could tell me.
63) 13) dialog: Paul’s a Hammy Hot Head! Sorry.
63) 15) dialog: I did.
63) 17) dialog: Seemed like a bit of a quack. (rapid fire) Quack-quack-quackeroni.
63) 19) dialog: He’s sure got a bug up his ass about Moses Randolph. Hard to believe they’re brothers. a look at him, shocked by this statement.
63) 21) dialog: So what...he’s an organizer? Against his own brother? Pink Revisions 96.
63) 23) dialog: Why would he deny him?
63) 25) dialog: What makes a person destroy their own brother?
63) 27) dialog: Not exactly an epic betrayal.
63) 31) dialog: Why now?
63) 33) text: Lionel absorbs all of this. HORNS and ANGRY VOICES RISE AROUND THEM as we CUT TO:
64) 0) text: ON THE CURB: GABBY’S CAR pulls up to where Laura and another staff member stand waiting. Gabby jumps out and Laura grabs her hand and, leaving Lionel behind, we rush with them across and through the center of the Arch, revealing REFORMER #2 speaking to the crowd of a large protest. Hundreds have gathered: placards, real citizens every stripe out in force, energized and angry.
65) 0) text: The protest is over and Paul is shambling away, pulling u his thin coat against the cold. Lionel hustles up from behind to catch up with him. Paul perceives him and, after a moment of fear, realizes who it is... (as before Paul’s speech is like a fire-hose a manic blitz of information)
65) 2) dialog: I’m still putting the pieces together.
65) 4) dialog: Why?
65) 6) dialog: Why?
65) 8) dialog: That’s just the City, how’s he get it around the Legislature?
65) 12) dialog: Where's it illegal? How does he make everyone line up? Bribes?
65) 15) dialog: If you've got the goods why don’t you take him down?
65) 17) dialog: Cause you’re his brother? This is the first thing that stops Paul’s torrent and mak him look stricken and vulnerable... Pink Revisions 102.
65) 19) dialog: What’s that?
66) 3) dialog: I’m not checking it out, I’m gonna look at it right here...
66) 5) dialog: That can’t be legal. Eagle! Beagle! Bagel!
66) 9) dialog: Ass-dog, Bailey!
67) 0) text: Lionel sits at the table with the documents, poring throu them. CLOSE ON: documents of incorporation for “Belmont Developers”, “Inwood Residential Services”...applications for City contracts... Details captured as Lionel writes in his notebook: the companies were incorporated in 1952; prior contracts with city - NONE; references of note - NONE; Then he sees: Officers: WILLIAM LIEBERMAN, GEORGE SPAULDING, TOM BROOKS. Both companies...SAME NAMES, SAME
67) 2) dialog: (getting worked up)
68) 2) dialog: Tony. Stick around tonight, will ya? I’m on my way back, I got something interesting I just gotta check out one thing on the way... what?...company called Inwood but it won’t mean nothing until I talk to you...just wait for me
69) 0) text: The early evening dark of winter. LIONEL hustles to the door.
70) 2) dialog: You have the applications for relocation?
70) 4) dialog: And we can return those here? It’ll be my wife most likely. She points again at an even bigger pile...two or three boxes of completed forms against a wall. She smiles and w
71) 0) text: Lionel watches as... THE SECRETARY opens the door, braces it open, hauls out a box, closes the door and locks it. She then hefts the box, walks over to a bunch of trash ca and lifts the metal lid and tips the box in. She dusts he hands and walks off for the night. LIONEL HUSTLES ACROSS THE STREET, straight to the cans. He opens the lid and the clang of it echoes in the dark. reaches in and pulls up...a handful of the forms. Pink Revisions 105. He seizes a few to hold up into the light and examine whe the SCRAPE OF A SHOE IN GRAVEL makes him turn into... The FLASH of movement of an ARM....THONK. LIONEL’s POV: the world spins upward as he goes down and we can hear him groan...backlit by the street lamp, figur in a hat leans down...LOU bending over him, the leather s still in his hand.
71) 2) dialog: Giant Faggot Munchkin Meat! The footsteps stop and start back... LIONEL (0.S.) (cont'd) (CONT'D) Goddam it... LOU leans in again...closer
72) 0) text: LIONEL is holding an ice bag against the back of his head and has a bruise starting to color under one eye. He’s going over it all with TONY...CONEY and DANNY listen and try to follow.
72) 1) dialog: ..-I’m telling you, they make Tammany look like AA ball...it’s the biggest gravy train of the century...and it’s pulling out in two days!
72) 3) dialog: Why’s that?
72) 5) dialog: Chinky, Chunky Chowder! Go to hell, Coney. Lunk-a-loaf, Beef Brain! Coney laughs and looks at Tony like “Am I right?” But Ton is not paying attention to Lionel’s tics for once...
72) 7) dialog: Not people...they’re making deals with themselves! They say it’s a slum or in the route of a road, sell it to themselves for nothing to redevelop it, give themselves the contract to handle the relocations, never do any of it and leave the City holding the bag! (MORE )
72) 9) dialog: It’s not kickbacks, it’s Grand Larceny... Land a Farce on me! Farce me, Bailey! He’s really wound up, twitching bad.
72) 11) dialog: Every one of the officers of the Borough Authority is gonna make millions. But none of it ties to him.
72) 13) dialog: To Randolph!
72) 15) dialog: It’s all about him. The girl has the line on the scam, she’s been digging into those companies for Horowitz. I think she found something that ties Randolph right to it. Frank was on her and figured it out. When he made his play to Randolph’s men he said he had a signature. I’m telling you, it’s Randolph. (MORE )
72) 17) dialog: We lost em on the Borough Bridge, for chrissake -- Tribe of Rough RIDERS. FUCK. ME. BAILEY! Dammit, they had a pass for the Borough Authority Bridge, T, they waved em through... Worked up and exhausted, he sucks hard on the joint. is listening very attentively to him...
72) 19) dialog: I got no idea...part makes no sense to me. But he knows something. Tony nods.
72) 21) dialog: Who you gonna call?
72) 24) dialog: Yeah... BILLY’S VOICE I know who you are. Lionel says nothing... BILLY'S VOICE (cont’d) (CONT'D) You’re one of Minna’s boys...
72) 25) dialog: Who’s Minna? Who is this? BILLY’S VOICE Don’t bullshit me, motherfucker. You gave your card to the man with the horn. You know who this is now?
72) 26) dialog: Yeah. Okay. So what? BILLY’S VOICE Where’s the envelope?
72) 27) dialog: I don’t know. (beat) What’s in it? BILLY’S VOICE Hold on... Sounds of Billy doing something.... BILLY'S VOICE (cont'd) (CONT'D) We can’t talk about it like this. It ain’t safe. Meet me up at the club. Park up the block and come in the back, I’1l1 let you in there. CLICK. Lionel looks at the phone a beat. Then he sits up and goes to a desk drawer and opens it and pulls out MINNA’s AUTOMATIC PISTOL. He drops the mag out and checks it and shoves it back in and on the SNAP we...CUT TO: 111 112 Pink Revisions 110.
73) 0) text: Lionel pauses at the opening of the alley, checks around him when...BANG!...a muffled report snaps his head around Was that a shot? Hard to tell where it came from.
73) 1) text: Lionel walks cautiously down the alley, past trash cans where Billy yelled at him, reaching the back door of the club. He prods the door open slowly with his foot.
73) 2) dialog: (calls quietly) Billy? SOUNDS OF VOICES CURSING SOFTLY, FEET MOVING. He cautious enters the back door...
74) 0) text: Over Lionel’s shoulder as he works his way into the club the back hall and emerges into the back of the stage revealing...
74) 2) dialog: Billy...? You hear that? LIONEL STOPS COLD...BILLY is holding a gun down by his si with SMOKE STILL CURLING FROM THE BARREL. He seems to be staring forward toward the front where the door is creaki open as though someone has left fast...but something is odd... And then as Lionel comes around him he can see... BILLY ROSE IS DEAD IN THE CHAIR...blood running down his white shirt from a gunshot wound through the chest and a belt tied around his chest to hold himself up. A suicide? LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D) Oh no...BillyBillyBeBopRose...oh shit... Then he stops cold, hairs on his neck rising...THE GUN IS HANGING IN BILLY'S USELESS RIGHT HAND. LIONEL RIPS HIS GUN OUT, SPINS TOWARD THE FRONT. SOUND OF A CAR STARTING ON THE STREET. He hustles to the front cubicle and bursts out onto... Pink Revisions 111.
75) 0) text: LIONEL BURSTS ONTO THE STREET in time to see...a BLACK CA turning the corner, smooth and quiet...spooky...and gone.
76) 0) text: Cop cars...patrolmen guarding the door. A DETECTIVE is interviewing Lionel...not your average 3rd Class Dick...this guy has rank...
76) 2) dialog: (exasperated) I already told you, I didn’t just find him...I heard it happen. He didn’t shoot himself...SHOOT MY SHIT!... Sorry...I‘m tired... Somebody shot him and set it up to look like he punched out. I heard ‘em leave.
76) 5) dialog: The gun’s in his right hand.
76) 7) dialog: He’s got a dead right arm, ace. War wound. He can’t lift a Zippo with it let alone a .38. You wanna show me how he shot himself in the heart with his left hand and then handed it off to his right before he said goodnight?
76) 9) dialog: Bullshit, there’s bruises coming up on his neck and little scratches from where he tried to claw someone off him.
76) 11) dialog: They usually put Division dicks on dawn patrol in Harlem?
76) 15) dialog: He didn’t. Someone wanted it to look that way. She shakes her head...
76) 17) dialog: Same people did it to a friend of mine. She looks up, confused...but too sad to try to understand LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D) You got somebody you can call? She shakes her head and weeps... LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D) You’re all alone?
76) 19) dialog: You want me to? She nods and we...FADE TO: 116 Pink Revisions 114. INT. LAURA’S APARTMENT - THE NEXT MORNING 116 WIDE ON THE ROOM: In the spill of morning light, Laura is asleep on her side on the bed, facing us, with Lionel’s coat draped over her. Lionel has fallen asleep in his clothes, beside her, awkwardly against the headboard. TWO SHOT ON THE BED: as Laura wakes with a sharp inhale a turns over staring at the ceiling, processing that it’s a real, numb. Realizing Lionel is still there, she sits up slightly next to him...Her movement brings him awake and immediately uncomfortable about having fallen asleep next her.
76) 20) dialog: IF! Ah, sorry... I don’t know what happened...didn’t mean to fall asleep. Sorry.
76) 22) dialog: Listen, I know how you're feeling, I really do. Pretty soon you’re gonna hear his voice in your head telling you to pull yourself together and get moving. And when you do, you’ll feel him smiling again. This triggers her and she weeps. He sits with it until sh recovers.
76) 24) dialog: Cause I think you’re a good person. You actually care about what happens to other people. And you try to make a difference. That's a good way to be.
76) 26) dialog: Well, that isn’t how most people describe me when they meet me, but I’m glad if you think so. IF! Pink Revisions
76) 28) dialog: I never slept with anybody.
76) 30) dialog: I been with girls...just, not the kind that stay to sleep. She’s touched by the loneliness in this
76) 32) dialog: What?
76) 34) dialog: I worked with him...I worked for him. I knew him since I was 12. I was at that Catholic Home for Boys on DeKalb. They threw me in there when I was 6, after my mother died. He kinda..took me under his wing. She absorbs this... LIONEL (CONT'D) (cont'd) He never called me by my name. He called me “Brooklyn”. He’d say ‘Look at you, Motherless Brooklyn. Got no one looking out for you.’
76) 36) dialog: That your mother? (off her nod) She was beautiful.
76) 38) dialog: Listen...I gotta ask you... Are you holding something out?
76) 40) dialog: On Hamilton...you and Horowitz. These BA goons are scared of something big. Something that ties all this fraud you been digging around right to the top man. Do you know what it is? She sits up...brain spinning
76) 42) dialog: If you’re holding some card and you’re waiting to play it to block that vote, you’re playing a dangerous game. They already killed Frank and your father for it...
76) 44) dialog: Billy knew something about it. He and my friend together...
76) 46) dialog: (shakes his head) No, and my name’s not Jake,it’s Lionel...look...Frank was an investigator. They hired him to keep tabs on your committee. He was following you. I started poking around it to figure out who did to him, now...I’ve just got glass in my brain. I don’t even know what I’m after. thrown. LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D) I’m sorry for lying to ya but believe me, you gotta take this seriously. Can you stay around here today?
76) 48) dialog: All that can wait cause if I’m right the Coroner’s office won’t release the body to you yet. Get one of the guys from the club to take you down there. Then stay around people you know until I come and get you, alright? fearful.
77) 0) text: LIONEL is escorted in.
77) 3) dialog: I been asking around about that but everybody seems to have a different answer. RANDOLPH laughs loud and sharp.
77) 5) dialog: What’s your take on it?
77) 7) dialog: I can see that... Randolph references Manhattan island...
77) 9) dialog: They’re nice bridges, I'll give you that. Randolph turns to him with a smile.
77) 11) dialog: What’s in it?
77) 13) dialog: Then you got nothing to worry about, the law’s on your side.
77) 15) dialog: You’re above the law?
77) 17) dialog: What’s the difference? Randolph looks at his vision of the City...
77) 19) dialog: Who you rebuilding it for? Pink Revisions 121.
77) 21) dialog: Sounds great unless you’re a person who’s in the way now. Randolph laughs and points at the City map...
77) 23) dialog: Screech-a-munk-nut-chip! 121 Pink Revisions 122. His arm SNAPS out twice with this exclamation... Lieberman pauses mid-smoke...his eyes widening... Randolph stares at Lionel, measuring this... He seems to grasp that this is an affliction...not an offense. He put a hand on Lionel’s shoulder with fatherly aspect, towerin over him...pulling him into this vision...
77) 27) dialog: I’m flattered. Flatten me, Bailey! Lieberman regards Lionel curiously...
77) 29) dialog: How’s that?
77) 31) dialog: Son of bitch... CRASH! Lionel jumps a foot at the sound to his right and scrambles to pull his gun... ..-but it’s just the CAT who has knocked a pot off the kitchen counter. The stress of it all is winding Lionel u LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D) Cat-attack-tack-a-cat! God-damn- it. He quickly pops the lid on a tin of food, tosses it down for the cat and splits, angry. As we CUT TO:
78) 0) text: Lionel storms in and DANNY looks up as he goes over to hi desk.
78) 2) dialog: No. Loosey Goose Thready Head Fucks!!
78) 4) dialog: There’s a loose thread, Danny. It’s making my brain hurt...I can’t... He picks up the photos of Laura and Billy, scanning them each again...there are only 4 or 5... He looks up suddenly...to DANNY... LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D) Where’s the rest?
78) 6) dialog: SHUTTER BUG SHIT! You said you took a whole roll...where’s the rest?
78) 8) dialog: 
78) 11) dialog: Where are the cars?!
79) 0) text: Lionel is hustling Laura out into the reception area, looking for a private place to talk...a few of the staff glance over as he pulls her urgently by the arm...his fac is grim and angry. She looks flustered...
79) 2) dialog: Who is that? With your father? Pink Revisions 126.
79) 4) dialog: Answer the question. Do you know who that is?
79) 6) dialog: Paul ‘Morris’? Is that the ‘uncle’ who got you this job? She shakes her head but clearly he’s hit the mark... LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D) Don’t shine me! You think I don’t know who that is? Her face registers shock...how could he know...she stammers.. They start overlapping, not hearing each other... He stares
79) 8) dialog: Your father and your ‘Uncle Paul’ are into this together...
79) 10) dialog: Yes, goddam it. Are you in it too...?
79) 13) dialog: He’s using you. He’s using you to get back at his brother.
79) 15) dialog: His name’s not Morris...it’s Randolph. Moses Randolph is his brother. He’s using you to blackmail him... She stares at the photo, blinking...
79) 17) dialog: Stay here until I come to find you. He’s heading out the door and has to push past Gabby and some others gathering in concern...
79) 19) dialog: You know what that tells me? You and Billy set this up with Minna to try to blackmail Moses...
79) 21) dialog: (a torrent of accusation) It’s you who found whatever they’re scared of. You’ve finally got something bad enough to sink your brother so you gave it to Minna to put it in play cause you thought if you hid behind Frank you could do the damage and still get your engineering plan picked. And you made it look like it came from Laura so you could hide behind her too! But people are getting killed if you didn’t notice! She’s your own daughter and her life’s at stake now because of--
79) 24) dialog: 
79) 27) dialog: Is that what it was about between you and him? You were with her mother and he hates colored--
80) 0) text: JAZZ on the radio...dischordant, harsh... Lionel sits in the back, head spinning...LOW WINTER SUN flaring in his eyes He tips FRANK’S HAT forward to shield them and leans back...
80) 2) dialog: Frank Frankady Franko! What's it about, Frank? SOUND goes MUFFLED an EERIE...sounds of music over horns FLASHBACK TO AN IMAGE: MINNA in the DREAM ON THE BRIDGE, TAPPING his forehead and mouthing words we can’t hear but might make out or remember ("kept it under my hat.”) And this throws Lionel’s mind to... ANOTHER IMAGE: Lionel’s POV from the car in the first scene, sound coming in now like a dream...MINNA LEANING I
80) 5) dialog: 
81) 0) text: The OLD PENN STATION...the now-destroyed masterpiece of vaulted iron...the grandest terminal ever built... LIONEL moves through the drifting crowd and beams of low yellow winter sunset, heading toward... A bank of LUGGAGE LOCKERS... He searches for a number, finds it and INSERTS THE KEY... THE DOOR OPENS. He reaches inside and pulls out...MINNA’S ENVELOPE. He sits on a bench and opens it TIGHT ON: The items spilling out...documents and a woman’ watch. LIONEL FLIPS THROUGH THEM, STUDYING... TIGHT ON DETAILS: numerous HOTEL REGISTRY CARDS with the name “Moses Randolph” on them and his signature; Employme records for the same hotel for a “Bella Rose”; a fine wat inscribed “To Bella”; and last... A BIRTH CERTIFICATE...of LAURA ROSE. 1927.
81) 1) text: The mother’s name is listed “Bella Rose” and signed. The witness is “Billy Rose”, signed. The father’s name: “Moses Randolph”...and it’s signed. Lionel flips to the hotel registries. The signature is th same... 130 131 Pink Revisions 131. LIONEL’s FACE: registering the impossible. CU: under all the ‘evidence’, a folded document with note written on it -- “For Lionel, if you find this... F” ON LIONEL: as he unfolds it and reads, puzzled at first, then he reacts, containing emotion
81) 2) dialog: (whispered) Ah Frank...Frank Frankady Franko. He folds that document and puts it in his coat pocket, pu all the rest back in the envelope, puts it back in the locker, locks it up, looks around and exits....and we hol on that door and it’s non-descript number...then turn to see Lionel blending into the crowd and we...
81) 5) dialog: (nods ) There’s only one way I can make sense of it. Paul waits for it... LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D) He didn’t sign her birth certificate. You did. He sits. Paul sighs...a secret held for so long...ready t confess. Pink Revisions 132.
81) 7) dialog: You confronted him about it.
81) 9) dialog: And everything he did to you was over her?
81) 13) dialog: Apicorpricot! Apple core it!
81) 15) dialog: Nobody else knows who she is?
81) 17) dialog: Why?
81) 19) dialog: It's in a Penn Station locker. If anything happens to me, mail it to Jacob Gleason at the Post.
81) 21) dialog: Yeah but the Times is in Randolph’s pocket too. I gotta go get her out of town until after that vote. Pink Revisions 134. 132 EXT. PAUL’S BUILDING/STREET - NIGHT 132 Lionel exits and turns the corner under the Elevated trac POV: SOMEONE CLOSING ON HIM FAST FROM BEHIND...hand reaching out to grab him. LIONEL spins fast...fist up to see: TONY
81) 23) dialog: What are you doing here, Tony?
82) 0) text: An old school bar. Lionel and Tony sit at a small table.
82) 1) dialog: How long you been following me?
82) 3) dialog: “They '?
82) 5) dialog: Not working for em. Were you following me when Billy said he’d mail it? You tell em that? They killed him and he didn’t even have it. But why try to figure any of it out? You’re just moving up, right? He’s agitated, twitching. A waitress comes up...
82) 7) dialog: Hot water. Tea bag on the side. Sugar and Milk on the side. Very hot. HOT SUGAR TITS MILKY TEA
82) 10) dialog: There’s nothing wrong with my head.
82) 12) dialog: How long you been fucking Julia? (no response) After all he did for you? You can’t find someone else to bang? Tony doesn’t flinch at that...
82) 18) dialog: I‘11 think about it after tomorrow. I got something I gotta go take care--
82) 20) dialog: (desperate) No. No, I found it. I’ve got what they want. Tony, call em off.
85) 0) text: Lionel leans forward to the cabbie...
85) 1) dialog: 149th and St Nicholas. Harlem. Floor it, I got money!
86) 0) text: Laura moves from one car to another and a MAN seems to be following her. THE CAB, racing uptown, beating a yellow light going red. IN THE TRAIN: an announcement that the train will go no further due to a breakdown. Laura groans and prepares to get out with other passengers LIONEL coming out of his skin in the back.
88) 0) text: Lionel looking out the window: The KING ROOSTER and LAURA BUILDING coming into view POV: Laura a few steps from her corner He cranks the window down and SCREAMS HER NAME, but as he does a LARGE TRUCK passes drowning him out. It clears and she’s rounding the corner, unaware. He’s not going to cat her...He hurls money at the cabbie and leaps out practically still rolling.
89) 0) text: He immediately looks up at: LAURA’S APT WINDOW. A light i the window SUDDENLY GOES OUT. SOMEONE IS WAITING IN HER APARTMENT and Lionel explodes across the street. HIGH-TEMPO MUSIC SNAPS IN...COMING FROM THE CLUB. He hits the sidewalk, past the ROOSTER. The TRUMPET PLAYE looks up from his cigarette at Lionel flying by. EXT. LAURA’S APARTMENT BUILDING / SIDE STREET - NIGHT 141 A car is parked in the shadows across the street. Over the shoulder of the driver we see LIONEL BURST AROUN THE CORNER...the DRIVER (CONEY) reacts in shock
89) 8) text: LIONEL TRIES TO RAISE FRANK’S .45 BUT THE GIANT’S HUGE HA TOMAHAWKS DOWN, HITTING LIONEL’S GUN HAND BOOM! THE .45 FIRES STRAIGHT DOWN INTO THE GIANT’S RIGHT
89) 27) text: LIONEL’s ELBOWS are locked around posts of the railing, trying to resist...being pulled down...but it’s too much and HE’S SLIPPING...he DROPS TWO STEPS FAST, CLAWING TO G A NEW GRIP...but the KNIFE IS MOVING IN when... CRASH! Something HITS the Giant RIGHT IN THE FOREHEAD, OPENING A CUT LIKE A BOXER, AS LIONEL TWISTS AWAY... THE GIANT looks up at...LAURA ON THE PLATFORM ABOVE,
89) 38) dialog: There’s another one downstairs. Come on... 145 Pink Revisions 141. And he starts up the final ladder to the roof... EXT. LAURA’S BUILDING - ROOF - CONTINUOUS 145 LIONEL bursts onto the roof and shouts into the dark...
89) 39) dialog: She doesn’t know! SHE DOESN’T
89) 44) dialog: I want to see him alone. Yeah, right now. (writes something down) Try anything funny and tomorrow will be the worst day you've had in a long time. He hangs up...looks at Laura. She looks shell-shocked. He looks at THE TRUMPETER who nods at him. Under control. LIONEL takes THE FOLDED DOCUMENT that MINNA LEFT HIM WITH THE FILE out of his coat pocket...shows the TRUMPETER something on it. LIONEL (cont'd) (CONT'D) You know where this is? Can you take her there?
89) 46) dialog: (to Laura) Go with them. You'll be safe at this place tonight.
89) 48) dialog: I’ll be there by morning. Okay? She nods. Then she hugs him hard. He strokes her face. Then Lionel looks at Minna’s hat, knife slash through it, puts it on and exits and we CUT TO:
90) 0) text: We've been here before...the HUGE PRIVATE POOL with its canopy of glass...but now more dimly lit inside and steam Pink Revisions 143. Lionel is admitted through a door He moves to a bench and sits to wait as A FIGURE SWIMS IN THE DARK, churning the water with powerful strokes. MOSES RANDOLPH: swimming powerfully from the far end towa him. He exits the pool, puts on a robe and stands over Lionel, IMPOSING and FIERCE. LIONEL is ticcing badly...no able to control his nerves. He YELPS TWICE...almost a BARK...then..
90) 1) dialog: Who’s the fucking Boss now, Bailey! RANDOLPH regards him cooly...interested.
90) 3) dialog: I got somethin wrong with my head. Didn’t your goons fill you in yet?
90) 5) dialog: I want to hear your version of it.
90) 7) dialog: Let’s just say an unfinished puzzle makes my head hurt, more’n most people. Randolph turns this over...assessing it.
90) 10) dialog: You raped her?
90) 14) dialog: See if you think that's true when I drop their story on Jacob Gleason at the Post.
90) 17) dialog: Blame it, Shame it, CLAIM it! (beat - calms) That blackmailing gumshoe was my friend and that girl is the only reason you’re still breathing. So do what you want to the city, it never treated me so good. But you leave her alone. Anything happens to her, it gets mailed. Randolph narrows his eyes...reading into this, countering...
90) 19) dialog: I guess we’ve got a deal.
92) 0) text: Lionel’s car pulls up on the edge of a sandswept road and he gets out and sees. LAURA sitting wrapped in blankets on the porch of a weathered little house. He stops at the bottom step and stands facing her.
92) 1) dialog: You crazy? It’s freezing.
92) 3) dialog: It doesn’t matter. I promise you it’s got nothing to do with you and me. IF! He touches her shoulder three times then kisses her lightly. Pink Revisions 149.
92) 5) dialog: It was Frank’s. (beat) Looks like it’s mine now. She reacts. He pulls out the document Frank left him, whi we realize now must be a will or a title deed. She looks it, then up at him tenderly
92) 7) dialog: “Brooklyn’s big, but there’s things even bigger.”
92) 9) dialog: I think it’s something Frank said to me but I can’t remember when. AND WE CUT BEHIND THEM and see the enormous COLD, BLUE
92) 13) dialog: 