17) 0) text: MAYOR ON THE DAIS, swearing in his Appointees handing the rolled appointment papers and shaking hands, watched by.. THREE REFORM ADVOCATES (Two men and a woman (GABBY HOROWITZ), among the seated guests. One nudges the others as THE MAYOR gets handed the rolled appointment forms for the next appointee. THE MAYOR looks up as THE MAN steps in front of him, face unseen to us. THE MAYOR hitches for a second, and then fixes a politic smile on his face. Pink Revisions 33.
17) 1) dialog: Ah, Mo...splendid! THE MAN raises his right hand. MAYOR (cont'd) (CONT'D) Do you solemnly swear to serve the people of New York and uphold the integrity of the office of Commissioner of the City’s Parks?
17) 3) dialog: Do you solemnly swear to serve the people of New York and uphold the integrity of the office of Commissioner of Building and Construction?
17) 5) dialog: Good to have you aboard, Mo. Keep up the good work. He puts out his hand but... THE MAN STORMS OFF. The Mayor beckons to the next appointee and cuts his eyes to THE TRIO IN THE SECOND ROW, watching the moment avidly One raises a small smile and gives an impressed nod to th Mayor
17) 11) dialog: (stammers ) Sorry, what’s all this now, Mo?
17) 13) dialog: (nervous, bluffing) Easy now, it’s nothing to get hot about. Probably just an oversight. They didn’t give me the blank. Give us a day to get settled in and I’1l see to it. But THE MAN has already turned and charged out. MAYOR'S POV: the powerful figure strides out through the open double doors to the clerk’s desk in the hall where, without hesitation he swipes a form from a terrified cler bends to write on it hastily... The MAYOR looks at his men. ‘What do I do?’ but THE MAN I
17) 20) dialog: Close that damn door and keep it closed! INT. LIONEL’S APARTMENT - MORNING A33 A RADIO PLAYS.
18) 0) text: A bundle of World Telegram Suns slaps down and has the co cut off. “MEET THE NEW BOSS: Mayor’s Full Inaugural ” LIONEL walks past and down the block, nursing a coffee, past boys hawking papers... 34 Pink Revisions 36.
39) 0) text: FACES IN A BUZZING SEATED CROWD as we tilt up to see GABB & LAURA, hustling down the center aisle of a packed auditorium to where their staff members hold seats near a standing mic. A group of men at two long tables on stage with mics. Amo the men, THE MAYOR and LIEBERMAN. LIONEL enters in the back and takes in the scene. He note a guy in the back rows with ‘PRESS’ cards in his hat band and slides into a seat behind him. Lionel leans over his shoulder and takes out his notebook to play at being a fellow reporter
39) 11) dialog: I hope you all know my name. I’m the Mayor, newly residing at Gracie Mansion, Manhattan. (a few laughs) Mrs Horowitz, thank you for work and your passion. Surely we can all agree that even in a City as great as ours we have slums. And that a slum is not something to romanticize or preserve. You tear it down and improve quality of--
39) 19) dialog: Now see here, we all know perfectly well who this is... Mo Randolph is one our greatest public servants. He’s a living legend.
39) 22) dialog: (trying to stay light) He’s led the Parks Department for over 30 years...he’s Commissioner of Construction, well, he’s got too many jobs to name! (knowing laughter) And he lives right across the street from me on East 88th, now let’s stick to-- Cat calls... a few yells...many people rising to their fe The MAN rises to his feet now, raging.. 70 Pink Revisions 69.
39) 24) dialog: See here now, if we can’t keep this civil we’ll have to ask you to...
44) 0) text: Lionel walks into the huge room carrying a few huge bound volumes of newspapers and sits at a table c.U. - Articles on Moses Randolph. One after another announcing his accomplishments “West River Park Opens”, “Hudson Highway”, “A Grand New Beach for Gotham”, “Bronx Expressway to Liberate Manhattan from Traffic Snarl”. And effusions of Randolph: “Servant of the People”; “A Reformer becomes a Builder: ‘to build is to dream’ says Moses Randolph” PICTURES: the Triborough Bridge under construction. Moses smiling and shaking hands with one Mayor after another: LaGuardia; O’Dwyer; Impellitieri; the new Mayor... Lionel stops on one: “The Men of the B.A.” - a photo show Randolph seated and smiling broadly, surrounded by men in Suits. Their names captioned: William Lieberman, George Spaulding, Tom Brooks... LIONEL FOCUSES ON: William Lieberman. He was the man in the apartment with Minna. The one in charge...