40) 0) text: Lionel and the MAN shrug off the final SHOVES of the cops and stand looking at each other in the street. THE MAN is neatly dressed but his clothes are visibly wor and shabby. Gaunt and graying, he could be taken for a bu but his eyes are fierce and sharp, hawkish. We will come know him as Paul. He regards Lionel with curiosity...
40) 1) dialog: ‘Hammy Ham House Head’, huh? That’s good. I’1l have to remember that one.
40) 3) dialog: Yeah, that’s the rub in life alright... ‘if’... ‘if only’... Pink Revisions 70. He shakes his head and starts to walk away muttering to himself unintelligibly. Lionel stuffs gum, getting under control, calls out
40) 5) dialog: In charge? No, he’s not in charge...More in charge than that guy calling himself Mayor but... (laughs, turns away) They all work formosa... CU: Lionel’s face as he barely hears that last word. He runs after Paul and grabs him by the arm... PAUL (cont'd) (CONT'D) Hey...!
40) 7) dialog: What? Let me go! You nuts?!
40) 9) dialog: What’s ‘formosa’? Let go of me. (realizing) “For Moses.” Jesus. I said they’re working for Moses. Moses Randolph. Lionel realizes: that’s what Frank said to him as he lay dying -- “For Moses”...
40) 11) dialog: Yeah...‘He who will not speak his name like one of the rabble’. What do you care? Lionel quickly pulls out the reporter’s card. 71 Pink Revisions 71.
40) 13) dialog: I’m hungry. You can buy me dinner.
41) 0) text: Paul digs in like a guy who eats too rarely. Lionel pops gum and nurses a tea... Paul talks like a firehose...disgorging so much information, even as he chews, that it’s hard to keep up with the thread. Huge pent up frustration venting in urge torrents with hardly a pause between thoughts...
41) 1) dialog: (appalled) The Mayor?! That clown is so green he doesn’t even know what he doesn’t know yet. He’ll be out the door before he even realizes that every person he turns to for advice is on Randolph’s payroll.
41) 3) dialog: He is.
41) 5) dialog: He’s that too now. They never even had that position until the Feds decided to get in the housing game. It had no defined powers so he defined ‘em and the Feds approved and now how much control of that money has the City got? Zero. He's got it all. You know what ‘eminent domain' means? If he says it's a slum, it goes. He used to have to fight to put his highways and parks where he wanted, now he can go anywhere, tear anything down. (MORE )
41) 7) dialog: He can condemn a whole section of the city, evict everyone who lives there and put up what he wants. And he'll go at it with an axe.
41) 9) dialog: No, they love him! That’s what makes me so... He flies above it. They revere him.
41) 11) dialog: Because he built the parks! As long as you're the guy who brings people parks, you walk with the angels, you can't lose. The day Rockaway Beach opened, Moses Randolph became a folk hero in this town. But people don't realize how much he hates them. “The Hero of the Public Who Hates People”. There's your headline. And you know who he hates especially? (mouths ‘Negroes’ ) He's going to seize every neighborhood in this city that's not white and turn it over to his hand-picked private Developers.
41) 13) dialog: Nah, he doesn't want money...he wants control and he brokers money to get it and guard it. Some men aren't satisfied unless they have filet mignon. Moses would be happy with a pastrami sandwich and power. (to a waitress) Can I get a piece of cheesecake? And warm it up. Yeah, I want it warm! (leans in) Half the city is getting a ride on one of his horses. (MORE )
41) 15) dialog: $3.5 billion since the war! He cuts people in on one piece of it or another but he's the broker of all of it. (almost to himself, muted) Bridge and Tunnel and now Title 1 ..--for chrissake, he controls every fuckin’ construction job in the city.
41) 17) dialog: Oh, christ...Construction-Parks- Slums...he’s got 14 appointments! That’s all just ink on a glass door, none of it matters, it’s all the BA.
41) 20) dialog: The Borough Authority, jeezus. Where do you come from, Iowa? Call yourself a reporter...on what, the Arts beat? You read Emerson? Lionel shakes his head, which makes him have to jerk it three times hard. Paul observes this...curious... PAUL (cont'd) (CONT'D) Emerson said “an institution is the lengthened shadow of one man”...
42) 1) dialog: This town is run by the Borough Authority and the Borough Authority is Moses Randolph.
44) 0) text: Lionel walks into the huge room carrying a few huge bound volumes of newspapers and sits at a table c.U. - Articles on Moses Randolph. One after another announcing his accomplishments “West River Park Opens”, “Hudson Highway”, “A Grand New Beach for Gotham”, “Bronx Expressway to Liberate Manhattan from Traffic Snarl”. And effusions of Randolph: “Servant of the People”; “A Reformer becomes a Builder: ‘to build is to dream’ says Moses Randolph” PICTURES: the Triborough Bridge under construction. Moses smiling and shaking hands with one Mayor after another: LaGuardia; O’Dwyer; Impellitieri; the new Mayor... Lionel stops on one: “The Men of the B.A.” - a photo show Randolph seated and smiling broadly, surrounded by men in Suits. Their names captioned: William Lieberman, George Spaulding, Tom Brooks... LIONEL FOCUSES ON: William Lieberman. He was the man in the apartment with Minna. The one in charge...
49) 0) text: LIONEL follows Paul and then peeks around a corner to fin Paul pacing in the dark along a nice apartment building, near the edge of the light from the canopied doorway. He’ waiting, not hiding. THE BIG BLACK CAR pulls up...Paul straightens his hat and smooths his jacket as..... RANDOLPH GETS OUT. Paul steps out of the dark, blocking the path to the doorway. RANDOLPH stops and they stand facing each other a BEAM OF LIGHT FROM THE DOORWAY. Lionel leans around the corner to listen and we can see i playing out behind Lionel like a shadow play that we hear bits of. Paul holds THE FOLDER out. RANDOLPH stares at him then sa something and nods and takes the package. They exchange words and begin to argue but then Paul breaks off, relenting. He points at the package. Randolph nods and go inside. Paul stands, staring into the light after his brother, his thin coat blowing around him but his head up high. For a moment he seems straightened up by hope. Then he turns and walks into the dark.
65) 0) text: The protest is over and Paul is shambling away, pulling u his thin coat against the cold. Lionel hustles up from behind to catch up with him. Paul perceives him and, after a moment of fear, realizes who it is... (as before Paul’s speech is like a fire-hose a manic blitz of information)
65) 1) dialog: The reporter who never reports... Pink Revisions 100.
65) 3) dialog: You need me to write it for you? Jeez you’re no Jacob Riis are you? Okay here’s your next headline: “New Expressway Will be the World's Biggest Parking Lot.”
65) 5) dialog: Because cars are a cancer and roads make them metastasize not shrink. We need trains but he’s killing the trains.
65) 7) dialog: Always with the ‘why?’ Because he doesn’t control the revenue from trains, he controls the tolls on bridges and roads. Borough Authority. You know what an Authority is? Neither did anybody else. He invented it. A 4th branch of govt ...a shadow branch...with independent revenue that is the only reliable financing for public works, all controlled by him meaning he controls everything and yet nobody ever voted for him and they can’t vote him out.
65) 9) dialog: (without a pause) Section 7-paragraphs 3 and 5- Clauses A to F: powers governing sale of bonds, toll rates, are part of the contract with holders of the bonds-That's the Authority- that's him. (MORE )
65) 11) dialog: He slipped that amendment into the state bill himself, wrote it HIMSELF, and he writes a piece of legislation or a contract like the goddam Swiss build a watch. He is a master. The people, the people's courts, the people's elected reps can't stop him. How could they? They don’t even understand how he’s done what he’s done. (stops and turns) He is the most powerful person in the history of this City. He isa autocratic Caesar. And nobody realizes it. They’re all walking around calm as Hindu cows, thinking they live in a Democracy so what could go wrong?. Now are you going to write it or what?!
65) 13) dialog: Bribes are for amateurs and fringe players. Patronage is the art of the powerful. Plus every government secretary is on his payroll and he gets carbons of the memos of anyone who opposes him. He puts his snoops on them, finds dirt or makes it up and then breaks out the files when he needs them. (turning on Lionel, angry) Now are you going to write it or
65) 16) dialog: (snapping) ‘Cause it can’t be me!
65) 18) dialog: ‘Cause I’ve still got dreams. That’s why. Dreams I’m this close to realizing. My contribution to society...my legacy! I won’t risk it. (whispering - paranoid) Okay here, look at Belmont Developers and Inwood Residential.
65) 20) dialog: (sharp-resentful) Christ, I’m giving you the goods! A map to the scoop of the decade...Do your own damn job! Do the job! I got enough problems... And with that he’s leaving...waving off Lionel and muttering to himself...and we CUT TO:
67) 0) text: Lionel sits at the table with the documents, poring throu them. CLOSE ON: documents of incorporation for “Belmont Developers”, “Inwood Residential Services”...applications for City contracts... Details captured as Lionel writes in his notebook: the companies were incorporated in 1952; prior contracts with city - NONE; references of note - NONE; Then he sees: Officers: WILLIAM LIEBERMAN, GEORGE SPAULDING, TOM BROOKS. Both companies...SAME NAMES, SAME
79) 20) dialog: Hang on-- Pink Revisions 128.
79) 23) dialog: You don’t know what the fuck you’re talking about!! You know how many times I could have sunk him?! He sunk me! HE SUNK ME!!
79) 26) dialog: ‘Hide behind her’? I gave up everything for her...everything I could have accomplished...my whole goddam life... down weeping with the frustration of years...
79) 28) dialog: I will NOT discuss such things with you! I knew you weren't a reporter. Load ‘a shit. You’re Minna’s guy. (beat) I’m sorry for you but it was NOT me. Frank put it all together...he and Billy thought they could get something out of it. (MORE )
79) 30) dialog: Foolish greed. I tried to stop them. I told them it would put her at risk. All of them...now look. Paul looks up, suddenly very concerned... PAUL (cont'd) (CONT'D) You're into something you don't understand. If you just stand up to him on principles, like I did, he'll ruin you for spite. But if something or someone threatens his work, he will destroy it. Destroy. End.
81) 4) dialog: You found it.
81) 6) dialog: Billy brought her to our family’s home. Our servants tried to send them away and Billy started yelling. We were at dinner with our mother, for godsake. I followed Mo to the door. He scorned them, refused to acknowledge, but I saw the truth in her face. And his. The way he looked at her. Even 6 months gone, she was beautiful. He sent them away with threats. But I followed them. I got them to take some money...later got a doctor.
81) 8) dialog: I begged him. I invoked every principle and value we had been raised to champion. I was...in anguish. You can’t understand...Our whole young life, he was my hero. We wrote our Creed. We were going to fix the world together... but to serve people, you have to love people. Mo tried but he was so brilliant that he resented lesser minds and he became hard. Obsessed with winning and addicted to power. Totally contemptuous of...ideals.
81) 10) dialog: (harder now) Oh no...no, that was just the first indication of his path to true corruption. Do you know why he’s not money corrupt? How he can afford not to be? Why I live...like this? Because on her deathbed, he put a pen in my mother’s hand and cut me out of our inheritance. He needed a fortune so that he’d never have to work for money. And so he stole it. (real hate) (MORE )
81) 12) dialog: This phony 'man of the people’... The Jews call a man who's not what he seems to be an ‘apicoris’. That's a dangerous thing, when people aren't seen for what they really are...a very dangerous thing. (to himself) .»..or a sad thing, right?
81) 14) dialog: Right.
81) 16) dialog: Not even Horowitz.
81) 18) dialog: She'd have used it. And used it to good effect. (beat) But it would devastate Laura. Totally. Satisfaction won’t unburden a tortured heart...so I can hold it...and so can you...please. Lionel pulls the key from his pocket and holds it up befo placing it in Paul’s hand.
81) 20) dialog: The Post is a rag...