3) 0) text: Ellen is dragging Brody over to where Len Peterson and La Vaughn, the mayor, are in conversation. They pass vignett Tina and Ed, Tom Andrews and Jane, Marge, other interesti Amity townspeople.
9) 24) text: Silent, green-blue depths. A diver, Crosby, working the  bottom, running a search pattern. Another diver, Tom Andr running close. They signal to each other, and make anothe pass. Follow Tom Andrews as he skims the bottom, near the wreck the Orca, half-buried in the silt. A diver's line runs up and
10) 0) text: Bobbing on the surface are three boats: the Amity Police  launch, the deserted Elizabeth T., from Newport, flying a diver's flag, and the ScubaVue, a local diveboat operated Tom Andrews and his partner, Crosby; it has "Amity Aqua  Sports" lettered on it somewhere. Hendricks and Red are o the deck of the police boat, peering at the cruiser.
10) 4) text: A sudden eruption in the water nearby startles them -- it Andrews, surfacing, holding up the underwater flash camer
10) 5) dialog: This is all there is.
50) 0) text: Andrews and his assistant instructor, Sparky, are address the class, when Mike and Andy's "Green Machine" sails by, close.
50) 1) dialog: Hey! Nicholas! You're supposed to be  in class!
50) 3) dialog: I'm going for lobster.
50) 6) text: Andrews dismisses them with a good-natured wave.
50) 7) dialog: So long, turkies.
50) 9) dialog: Sparky will take you down today. If  everyone's got a buddy, we'll drop.
50) 10) text: The class dutifully lines up and starts going in, while i the b.g. the Kids sailboats head out to sea. Andrews' two partners, Crosby and Sparky, get ready to follow the clas over.
50) 12) text: He goes over, Andrews following. Sparky is with the class signaling "Down;" they submerge like clumsy seals.
50) 14) text: The class, paired up, is drifting down; Sparky offering  encouragement as they descend. Andrews and Crosby are alr disappearing, swimming away with strong kicks.
50) 23) text: In his arms, Andrews writhes, pain knotting his limbs. Behind them, in the water, the fin surfaces, and casually turns towards... the ocean. The Shark is headed for the s And for the now distant Kids in their sailboats, dotting horizon in their familiar bright colors.