0) 6) text: The camera floats gently down and settles in the sand. A  dark red mist eddies by. A last weak flash.
2) 0) text: A blue-and-white police jeep is bouncing over the sand. A figure in civilian clothes driving alone on some urgent  mission. It's Martin Brody, Chief of Police on Amity. The jeep slows to a stop, and he takes a flight of stairs leading to a concrete patio two at a time. A classical tr solo is playing in the background. Brody charges through door, then abruptly slows and starts moving warily throug hotel interior: The Holidome, a three-story extravaganza a motel, where some sort of formal ceremony is already in progress. A banner announces: "Grand Opening Ball -- Amit Scholarship Fund Benefit." Brody crosses under a High Sch band, arranged dance-band style on a balcony; the trumpet player, Polo, is finishing his solo, the assembled crowd  applauds politely. Brody is taking his place with some  dignitaries on the dais, as the presiding authority, Amit Mayor Larry Vaughn, begins speaking.
2) 9) text: How'm I supposed to do  that? ELLEN
2) 10) text: Look bored. 
3) 0) text: Ellen is dragging Brody over to where Len Peterson and La Vaughn, the mayor, are in conversation. They pass vignett Tina and Ed, Tom Andrews and Jane, Marge, other interesti Amity townspeople.
4) 0) text: It's later; night has fallen, the band is playing its ver of "When I Fall in Love." Many teen-agers are dancing out the patio, some adults are dancing inside, the buffet is  ravaged, Timmy is watching Brooke, who's dancing with Pol Douglas Fetterman ("Doug") joins him, after asking Marge a dance and striking out.
4) 21) text: And sure enough, they are -- the band has turned to a Fif slow-dance standard: "I Wish You Love." Peterson approach
5) 13) text: Bigger feet go downstairs; Michael's up. The Brodys kiss, trying to ignore the sounds of spirited discussion betwee brothers over who's responsible for spilled milk. Then th sound of a car pulling into the driveway, and a horn beep
6) 0) text: Hendricks and an old codger, Red, are working on Amity's  newest bit of police equipment; a blue power launch for  patrolling local waters. The boat is Hendricks' personal  pride and joy.
6) 2) text: As Red complies, Hendricks spots his boss.
6) 20) text: While Red grumbles, Brody and Sean are walking up to the  street. Michael and some teen-agers are headed down to the dock.
7) 14) text: Before Sean can protest further, Mike spots his crew: And Nicholas, a round-faced, frizzy-haired pal, wearing a bat suit, and carrying some scuba gear from an early-morning  diving class. Marge and Denise, two other divers, are wit him, with their gear. They ad-lib "good-byes."
7) 26) text: One of the boats has a portable radio going. It's playing some medium-hot salsa. Jackie does a couple of dance step on her way down the dock.
8) 0) text: Later in the day, sailboats with bright colored sails and ornately painted hulls tack back and forth. Lots of chatt between boats, horseplay, splashing, and general good tim It's cruising, on water.
9) 11) text: It's immediately a race between the red boat -- "Sizzler, and Mike's "Green Machine." The Kids ad-lib -- "Faster,"  "Lookout," "Gybe, gybe."
9) 22) text: The sailboats cutting up, cruising the harbor, the local  teen-agers partying with each other: --  Patrick and Lucy's Sol Cat, flying its hull. --  Susie's Laser heeled 'way over' in a stiff breeze. --  Polo and a pretty girl in his sloop, "Sea Witch." --  Timmy Weldon and Doug Fetterman playing catch-up in t respective boats, the Doughdish and the Inflatable. --  Marge in her Lightening, sailing close to Ed and Tina Tina's Joy.
9) 24) text: Silent, green-blue depths. A diver, Crosby, working the  bottom, running a search pattern. Another diver, Tom Andr running close. They signal to each other, and make anothe pass. Follow Tom Andrews as he skims the bottom, near the wreck the Orca, half-buried in the silt. A diver's line runs up and
10) 0) text: Bobbing on the surface are three boats: the Amity Police  launch, the deserted Elizabeth T., from Newport, flying a diver's flag, and the ScubaVue, a local diveboat operated Tom Andrews and his partner, Crosby; it has "Amity Aqua  Sports" lettered on it somewhere. Hendricks and Red are o the deck of the police boat, peering at the cruiser.
11) 18) text: Hendricks has entered, carrying the camera brought up fro the bottom by the divers.
11) 29) text: Hendricks puts the camera in an informal "Lost &amp; Foun sitting in the office. Brody makes the mistake of opening the door, revealing the White-Haired Man.
12) 0) text: Off Amity Beach, a bilious green lap-straked boat is bobb in the water, the engine idling. Two girls are fooling ar the one in the water is Terry, the one driving the boat i Diane.
12) 11) dialog: Huh?
12) 14) dialog: Next week.
12) 16) text: Ed grunts non-comittally. Tina takes a beer from the cool and goes up on the dune to watch Terry and Diane. She wav to them, and to someone down the beach.
13) 0) text: An old lady, Grace Witherspoon, is rocking on her porch,  also enjoying the view of young people enjoying themselve She acknowledges Tina's distant wave, and turns her atten back to the skiers.
13) 4) text: She waves at Diane, who leans over the controls, to coax  more speed out of the old engine.
13) 21) text: Then the Shark appears, blood on its mouth, lunging up an butting the stern, jarring the engine loose. Fuel spills  from a ruptured line.
13) 29) text: A sheet of fire, she's in the middle, screaming, aflame, Shark forgotten. She falls into the water as the ruined b overturns and there's an oily explosion.
14) 0) text: Ed and Tina look up as they hear the distant "crump" of t boat blowing up.
15) 0) text: Mrs. Witherspoon looks up, startled by the sudden tragedy She gets up to go to the phone, indoors, and we:
16) 0) text: The launch is anchored at the site of the explosion, offs Red is fishing up bits of flotsam with a boathook. Hendri is on the radio, talking to the shore.
16) 9) text: Brody turns to Ed and Tina, and takes out his notebook.
17) 0) text: An ambulance, siren wailing and red light flashing, drive on its melancholy way through the picturesque town.
17) 9) text: Red moves to the winch, watching warily as it slows to a  near stall with the weight.
17) 19) text: He hits the release on the winch, and the cable whines as spins out and settles back on the bottom. Red jiggles the line, trying to free it up.
18) 0) text: The next morning, the Brody family is downstairs, each ge his own special breakfast. Mike gets cereal for himself a Sean, Ellen is cracking some soft-boiled eggs, Brody is  drinking coffee and smoking.
20) 0) text: Mike passes through on his way out, nodding to Mrs. Silve who acknowledges his passage.  Brody is close on his heel
21) 0) text: Sitting snug and ship-shape on Mike's Green Machine are M Andy, Brooke, and Jackie. They are heeled over in a brisk wind, making good headway; sailing nearby in the b.g. are Patrick and Lucy and Donny and Denise, in their boats.
21) 10) text: She opens her big floppy bag, revealing the top half of a jug of Mountain Red. Brooke slides over to her.
22) 0) text: spectacular view from the top of the old lighthouse, show ocean, sandy beach, some of the Kids' catamarans pulled u on the sand, other pleasure boats cruising in the b.g. Ed and Tina are running down the stairs, laughing.
22) 1) dialog: Come on back up here!
22) 3) dialog: Give me back my hat!
22) 16) text: ANGLE ON ED &amp; TINA running towards a dune and over it.
22) 31) text: The crowd edges back, giving way to Brody and Elkins.
22) 59) text: They hang around, waiting for him. Elkins has reclaimed  Brody's attention.
22) 105) dialog: Later, bye... (ad lib)
24) 0) text: Small, expensively furnished in antiques, with a few symb of Amity boosterism cluttering one wall: a photo of the b featuring a shark tower; an architect's rendering of the Holiday Inn, some charts and graphs showing upward progre a few stills of businessmen's luncheons, plaques, awards, etc.
24) 17) text: Brody's overstated his case, and he realizes it.
25) 0) text: Brody is alone in the jeep, headed for the safety of home and family. He drives past the town's billboard: it's cov with an architect's rendering of the Amity Holiday Inn. T sign reads: "WHEN IN AMITY, ENJOY THE HOLIDAY INN." Plastered across it is an added streamer: "NOW OPEN." Bar visible underneath are older notices: "UNDER CONSTRUCTION and "OPENING IN JUNE." As Brody passes the sign, he impulsively swings off the m road and heads down towards the beach.
26) 0) text: Brody is on restless patrol, checking the water's edge as continues on home. As he drives along, he sees: a clambak some teen-agers in a group, necking and dancing; and a fe solitary surfcasters and fishermen. The beach is deserted, the sun is setting, and Brody and jeep have the sand to themselves. It's then that he sees  something:
27) 25) text: And he runs for the door, the speed-loaders with the Cyan bullets safely in his pocket.
27) 28) text: Brody pats his pockets to make sure the speed-loaders are safe inside, then exits. As Hendricks watches him go,
29) 5) text: He starts upstairs, casually concealing the towel-wrapped package of gun and ammunition.
30) 0) text: Brody comes up the stairs and goes into the bedroom, wher he carefully puts the gun in the bed table. Ellen finds h
31) 33) text: The music lowers its volume. Brody turns to go into the  bedroom, to take his shoes off, to go to bed...
31) 41) text: Ellen gets up, and quietly closes the door. The upstairs  hallway is empty, the doors closed. The Brody household  compartmented and closed for the night.
32) 0) text: The familiar striped cabanas flank the white sands; there a crowd of midweek seasonal tourists and locals oblivious the tall steel tower that dominates the beach. A classy van outfitted for passengers pulls into the park area, followed by Vaughn's Cadillac; the parking attendan waves them into a preferential area, where they disembark Vaughn, Peterson, Ellen, and some more prospects, includi a woman named Bryant and her daughter, Renee.
32) 5) text: Ellen nods, preoccupied. Vaughn strolls away, headed in t direction of the cabanas. Mary Nichols, a local Selectwom emerges from behind the counter of one of the concessions
32) 10) text: Michael Brody, dressed in township workman's coveralls, i repainting some flaking woodwork. Sean is happily mixing  paint. Vaughn joins them.
32) 69) text: He fires. Again. Bullets ricochet off the water, howling  towards the horizon. Real panic now. Four more shots. Reloading, ejected rounds falling bright into the sand, B on his knees, fumbling with bullets.
32) 79) text: Curious crowd murmurs as they watch this lunacy. Brody  realizes he's fired his weapon, that spent shells litter sand at his feet.
32) 83) text: Brody drops to his knees, fumbling for the cyanide bullet in his gun, trying to put things in order, scrabbling in sand for the empty shells. The crowd is curious and embarrassed. Some turn away, oth drift back to their blankets, talking about what's just  happened, others stare rudely. Brody is coming apart.
33) 0) text: A hurriedly called meeting of the town's Selectmen is in  session: Vaughn, Peterson, and three others: Kaiser, an o man still in his grocery clerk's apron; Sansom; and Nicho the woman on the beach.
34) 0) text: Brody, alone, is sitting at his desk, morosely studying a little gold statuette of a pistol marksman. What's done i done, and Brody is trying to figure out how to live with The phone rings, is answered in the other room. The buzze sounds. Brody picks up his end.
35) 15) text: He gestures, Brody steps to one side of a table with some big enamel pans for washing and developing prints. Phil  switches to a red light, and takes some printing paper,  putting it under the enlarger.
35) 17) text: Quietly gaining contrast in a pan of developer, a print o what at first looks like seaweed, then is unmistakably th grinning jaws of the Great White.
35) 19) text: The close-up detail of this otherwise blurred and unreada photo is unmistakably a detail from a very close view of snapping jaws of a Great White; if you hadn't seen it as memory, it would make no sense at all. For Brody, the mea is all too clear; for anyone who's never seen the monster face-to-face, it's nothing.
37) 0) text: The Selectmen (Kaiser, Sansom, Nichols), Len Peterson, an Vaughn are seated informally around the big table.
37) 16) text: Seaweed?
39) 0) text: The police jeep pulls up and stops; although the engine's shut down, Brody still sits quietly inside the car. Then hand appears at the window, and he drops an empty beer ca onto the lawn. Clink. After a while, he drops another beer can, then another, u the "clinks" tell us he's polished off a six-pack on the home. Not too steady on his feet, Brody climbs out of the car and starts for the door to his house.
40) 7) text: He goes to join her, bumping into some furniture in the d lit room. Ellen has a beer and sandwich half-finished on desk; Brody takes a healthy swallow from the beer.
40) 31) text: He comes into the darkened den.
40) 37) text: She takes him by his sleepy hand and leads him out of the room, leaving Brody tucked in on the couch, dead to the w
41) 0) text: This is the Amity teen-ager's hangout -- a newsstand and  pinball arcade with a minimal refreshment counter where s drinks and submarine sandwiches are dispensed. A jukebox blaring some n.d. rock music. Present are Donnie, Doug, T Bob, Larry Vaughn Jr., Brooke, Marge, Denise, Jane, Andy, and Mike. The boys are passing around hot-rod van and cus boat magazines; the girls are looking at Silver Screen, T Beat, People, and Time. Andy and Mike are at the counter, splitting a sandwich.
41) 8) text: No one does. There's a bustle at the door, and some coupl enter from the movies: Patrick and Lucy, Ed and Tina, Pol and Jackie. There are a lot of ad-lib greetings;
41) 10) dialog: Yech.
42) 0) text: Ellen is asleep under the covers, Brody, still in his clo from the night before, is sprawled on top; obviously he's stumbled upstairs sometime during the night. There's a no down the hall, from Mike's room. Brody stirs, but doesn't wake up.
43) 0) text: Mike is holding a lamp that's almost fallen -- the noise just heard. He's almost dressed, but not quite satisfied  with his image in the mirror. He takes off his clean shir and checks a more comfortable, worn shirt. A brief sniff make sure it's okay for another day, and he puts it on; h tiptoes to the hall, where a noise stops him in his track
44) 0) text: Mike is frozen in his part-opened bedroom door. Sean's do opens, and little Sean, also fully dressed, comes sneakin out.
44) 11) text: Sean does, and happily tiptoes with exaggerated stealth t Mike; the two of them start downstairs.
46) 0) text: Brody emerges from the bathroom, dressed in sweatshirt, a cutoffs: no uniform today. He starts downstairs, stopping only to look into Mike's room. It's empty.
47) 0) text: Brody enters from upstairs. He heats coffee. Ellen enters dressed for work. He pours two cups.
48) 17) text: Marge and Sean go over to her Lightening. Brooke and Jack come down the dock, dressed for sailing.
48) 56) text: -- Sails being trimmed. --  Brooke and Timmy, staring into each other's eyes as h sets a course straight for the lighthouse. --  Larry, lifting a hull, almost losing Bob.
50) 6) text: Andrews dismisses them with a good-natured wave.
50) 14) text: The class, paired up, is drifting down; Sparky offering  encouragement as they descend. Andrews and Crosby are alr disappearing, swimming away with strong kicks.
50) 23) text: In his arms, Andrews writhes, pain knotting his limbs. Behind them, in the water, the fin surfaces, and casually turns towards... the ocean. The Shark is headed for the s And for the now distant Kids in their sailboats, dotting horizon in their familiar bright colors.
51) 0) text: They are alone. In the middle distance, the rest of the K sails can be seen, headed for the lighthouse in the dista The Sandpiper's sails are luffing, they're making no head
51) 2) dialog: (snuggling close) Just like this.
51) 4) dialog: The tide's running. It'll take us to  the light.
51) 6) text: Ed is lashing the rudder as they continue to drift with t current.
51) 7) dialog: First things first.
51) 10) dialog: They'll be there when we get there.  Might even have a fire started.
51) 12) dialog: I dunno. We'll think of something.
51) 14) dialog: But first, a little juice...
51) 16) dialog: (kissing her) Mmmmmm.
51) 18) dialog: Anything. Anything.
51) 20) dialog: You got it.
51) 21) text: And he fumbles for a blanket in a locker, thumping and ba gear around as he rummages for it. Tina sips wine content satisfied to wait.
51) 22) text: The Sandpiper's hull, alone above us, as the Shark rises  with dreadful certainty, attracted by the erratic sounds Ed's hasty search.
51) 24) dialog: as he breaks the surface, shaking the hair out of his eye trying to orient himself, finding the boat. He starts to  swim for it, Tina extending an arm to help him climb aboa
51) 27) text: Ed's hands on the rail, knuckles white, an iron grip. Wit awful finality, the force pulls down, and the wood shatte and splits away as Ed's hands are pulled down and under b the awful force.
52) 0) text: On the way to the lighthouse, but away from the harbor, t Kids are sailing in fairly close order: The sloops (Polo, Timmy, Marge) heeled well over in the stiff breeze, the f cats (Mike, Larry, Donny, etc.) skimming around, tacking  more often, faster and more maneuverable.
52) 33) text: Andy reveals a knowledgeable side to his character.
53) 0) text: Ellen and Brody are in the jeep; he's driving her to work There's a crowd at dockside, and the town ambulance's now familiar blinking red light. Brody, out of force of habit wheels the jeep towards the action, nudging through the c which gives way to the official blue-and-white vehicle.
53) 37) text: Brody starts the engines with a roar, and slams it into  reverse. The boat starts out of the slip, then lunges to halt, shuddering on its still-fastened bow mooring line.
54) 24) text: The twin hulls of a catamaran's hull, the muffled, eerie  sound of drumming, as the water carries the tempting "thu thud-thud" sound down to the deep.
54) 52) text: He waves acknowledgement, and puts about. The others take their cue from him, and set a rough course back, but with much success.
55) 3) text: Looking up at the scattered hulls of the sailboats, the  turbulence from the low-flying chopper making a vast circ pattern of irregular vibrations.
55) 13) text: Brody moves around on the deck of the Sandpiper, until he discovers Tina, cowering in shock; a sudden revealing of terrorized victim.
55) 26) text: He moves abruptly, stepping up onto the police launch,  snapping on the radio, leaving Hendricks, Ellen and Tina the sailboat moored alongside.
55) 53) text: He guns the engine as soon as he's clear. Hendricks gives his jacket to a suddenly chilled Ellen, and hails the cab cruiser, already changing course to pick them up, soundin its horn. Ellen stares after the receding boat.
56) 24) text: He sails to where Doug is being carried along by the curr The inflatable is a mess -- shredded rubber and dead engi the Shark didn't like it.
56) 36) text: There's nervous laughter from all around as they examine remains of Doug's inflatable. Some of those jagged rents  could be made by teeth...
56) 48) text: Polo has Mike and Timmy aboard his boat.  Timmy is lookin up from examining Mike's dazed body.
56) 52) text: He starts to make sail back towards the lighthouse, on a  severe, but manageable tack. Polo, Timmy, and the injured Mike sail towards safety, leaving the others behind. Tackle the job at hand, concentrating on survival. Jackie strangely quiet; things are out of control...
57) 9) text: Larry, Bob, Patrick, and Lucy (the practiced sailors) ad equal dissatisfaction.
58) 0) text: A one-man light spotter; the space next to the pilot clut with tools and floats, lashed in place. Below, seen throu the plastic bubble, the raft growing larger as the choppe sets down.
58) 12) text: The other Kids all chime in, adding their ad-lib shouts  describing what happened, calling for help, etc. It's all noisy jumble, the Pilot ignores it, trying to do his job.
58) 25) text: --  Rotor blade spinning wildly. --  Pilot's hands jerked on the delicate controls. --  Med. shot, copter shaking. --  Closeup engine and gas tanks, rotor head spinning. --  Med. closeup Pilot in buffeting cockpit.
58) 63) text: The familiar voice is tinged with annoyance. He's had a l shift, and nothing's going right.
58) 74) text: Brody revs up, and powers out, headed for Cable Junction.
59) 0) text: Sean is crying on his isolated perch, clinging to the upt keel. The other Kids are throwing a rope, trying to get h back. Patrick heaves, and misses.
59) 6) text: Sean is ignoring the efforts to rescue him, paralyzed by  fear, he shivers alone. Jackie is near catatonia herself, Brooke and Doug trying to soothe her.
59) 15) text: Sean nods. The other Kids are encouraged. The rope is thr it misses.
59) 25) text: --  Hands gripping rope. --  The knot, pulling apart. --  Anguished faces, concentrating, as Patrick, Lucy, Lar and Andy struggle to bring him in.
59) 33) text: She's not. Shaking, silent, eyes glazed.
60) 21) text: Brody jerks the mooring line holding them together, freei it. He starts for his controls, obsessed.
60) 26) text: He roars off, headed towards Cable Junction.
61) 0) text: approaching Cable Junction the rafted boats are drifting  towards the Cable Junction.  Larry, Patrick and Andy are  working on improvised tiller lines to a jury rudder made of wreckage. Lucy has another line out to a sea anchor, t to slow their drift.
61) 17) text: His hands illustrate the predicament.
61) 28) text: The inverted mast of one of the wrecked boats is snagged the rocks on the bottom.
61) 84) text: They do, but now the winch cable is snagged under the sur It comes taut, but doesn't budge. Brody watches, helpless for the moment.
61) 101) text: Andy is pulling himself towards the boat, scrambling up o the exposed wooden hull.
62) 0) text: A crowd of worried parents and adults, Ellen and Hendrick in the forefront, are staring towards the harbor mouth. I dawn and the sun is rising. They see something, a cheer g up.