3) 0) text: Ellen is dragging Brody over to where Len Peterson and La Vaughn, the mayor, are in conversation. They pass vignett Tina and Ed, Tom Andrews and Jane, Marge, other interesti Amity townspeople.
4) 0) text: It's later; night has fallen, the band is playing its ver of "When I Fall in Love." Many teen-agers are dancing out the patio, some adults are dancing inside, the buffet is  ravaged, Timmy is watching Brooke, who's dancing with Pol Douglas Fetterman ("Doug") joins him, after asking Marge a dance and striking out.
4) 37) text: Sean murmurs sleepily and hugs his dad. Mike, dancing wit Marge, waves good-bye. The Brodys start to leave, passing bucket with a bottle of champagne still in it. They excha a look, nod agreement, and Brody boosts the bottle, sneak it out of the building while Ellen giggles.
7) 14) text: Before Sean can protest further, Mike spots his crew: And Nicholas, a round-faced, frizzy-haired pal, wearing a bat suit, and carrying some scuba gear from an early-morning  diving class. Marge and Denise, two other divers, are wit him, with their gear. They ad-lib "good-byes."
9) 22) text: The sailboats cutting up, cruising the harbor, the local  teen-agers partying with each other: --  Patrick and Lucy's Sol Cat, flying its hull. --  Susie's Laser heeled 'way over' in a stiff breeze. --  Polo and a pretty girl in his sloop, "Sea Witch." --  Timmy Weldon and Doug Fetterman playing catch-up in t respective boats, the Doughdish and the Inflatable. --  Marge in her Lightening, sailing close to Ed and Tina Tina's Joy.
41) 0) text: This is the Amity teen-ager's hangout -- a newsstand and  pinball arcade with a minimal refreshment counter where s drinks and submarine sandwiches are dispensed. A jukebox blaring some n.d. rock music. Present are Donnie, Doug, T Bob, Larry Vaughn Jr., Brooke, Marge, Denise, Jane, Andy, and Mike. The boys are passing around hot-rod van and cus boat magazines; the girls are looking at Silver Screen, T Beat, People, and Time. Andy and Mike are at the counter, splitting a sandwich.
48) 8) text: Marge joins them, scooping Sean up.
48) 9) dialog: This guy giving you any trouble?
48) 12) dialog: (to Sean) You want to go out in my boat?
48) 15) dialog: Sure.
48) 17) text: Marge and Sean go over to her Lightening. Brooke and Jack come down the dock, dressed for sailing.
52) 0) text: On the way to the lighthouse, but away from the harbor, t Kids are sailing in fairly close order: The sloops (Polo, Timmy, Marge) heeled well over in the stiff breeze, the f cats (Mike, Larry, Donny, etc.) skimming around, tacking  more often, faster and more maneuverable.
52) 9) dialog: Coming up.
54) 60) dialog: Going to try. Lighthouse, everybody...
56) 12) dialog: How about a skyhook?
56) 28) dialog: You okay?
57) 8) dialog: Damn!
57) 36) dialog: Shhhh.
58) 38) text: He and Marge topple into the water.
58) 40) text: Sean is bobbing in his life-vest, Marge strokes to be nea him.
58) 42) dialog: Sean!
58) 46) text: Marge ducking under the bulk of the Shark, shoving off wi panicky reserves of strength, swimming away underwater, w the Shark takes a massive crunching bite out of a submerg hull. Follow Marge as she swims.
58) 48) dialog: As the Pilot overtakes her -- a moment of horror, as she  thinks the Shark has found her, then relief, as the Pilot motions to the bubble, and indicates "Air." She follows h