2) 0) text: A blue-and-white police jeep is bouncing over the sand. A figure in civilian clothes driving alone on some urgent  mission. It's Martin Brody, Chief of Police on Amity. The jeep slows to a stop, and he takes a flight of stairs leading to a concrete patio two at a time. A classical tr solo is playing in the background. Brody charges through door, then abruptly slows and starts moving warily throug hotel interior: The Holidome, a three-story extravaganza a motel, where some sort of formal ceremony is already in progress. A banner announces: "Grand Opening Ball -- Amit Scholarship Fund Benefit." Brody crosses under a High Sch band, arranged dance-band style on a balcony; the trumpet player, Polo, is finishing his solo, the assembled crowd  applauds politely. Brody is taking his place with some  dignitaries on the dais, as the presiding authority, Amit Mayor Larry Vaughn, begins speaking.
2) 18) dialog: When are we going out? You and me?
2) 20) dialog: You going with Patrick?
2) 21) text: Lucy nods, Polo shrugs, and turns to Jane, a girl nearby.
2) 22) dialog: Listen, Jane -- you want to dance as  soon as we get out of these monkey  suits?
7) 0) text: The Kids busy themselves with their boats while Sean hove around Mike, who's not happy at baby-sitting his kid brot POLO
9) 22) text: The sailboats cutting up, cruising the harbor, the local  teen-agers partying with each other: --  Patrick and Lucy's Sol Cat, flying its hull. --  Susie's Laser heeled 'way over' in a stiff breeze. --  Polo and a pretty girl in his sloop, "Sea Witch." --  Timmy Weldon and Doug Fetterman playing catch-up in t respective boats, the Doughdish and the Inflatable. --  Marge in her Lightening, sailing close to Ed and Tina Tina's Joy.
41) 14) dialog: Anyone want to go the lighthouse?
41) 16) dialog: Nah. Tomorrow. Early, spend the day.  My folks left two cases of beer in  the garage.
41) 18) dialog: Nope. Got it in my boat.
52) 0) text: On the way to the lighthouse, but away from the harbor, t Kids are sailing in fairly close order: The sloops (Polo, Timmy, Marge) heeled well over in the stiff breeze, the f cats (Mike, Larry, Donny, etc.) skimming around, tacking  more often, faster and more maneuverable.
52) 5) dialog: Reading the wind, trimming sail expertly, competent and a
52) 6) dialog: (to a near-by boat) Great day! I think the wind's going  to change...
54) 27) text: Brooke and Timmy sail by him, laughing; Polo with them.
54) 57) dialog: They're turning around.
56) 48) text: Polo has Mike and Timmy aboard his boat.  Timmy is lookin up from examining Mike's dazed body.
56) 51) dialog: (testing his rudder) Yeah! We'll take him in!
56) 52) text: He starts to make sail back towards the lighthouse, on a  severe, but manageable tack. Polo, Timmy, and the injured Mike sail towards safety, leaving the others behind. Tackle the job at hand, concentrating on survival. Jackie strangely quiet; things are out of control...
60) 0) text: Polo's sloop is beating back towards the harbor when the  police launch bears down, Brody leaning on the air horn. The Kids signal and wave.
60) 1) dialog: Over here! Yo!
60) 7) dialog: A shark hit us out there.
60) 18) dialog: The others are ratted together.  Drifting.