0) 6) text: The camera floats gently down and settles in the sand. A  dark red mist eddies by. A last weak flash.
2) 10) text: Look bored. 
6) 0) text: Hendricks and an old codger, Red, are working on Amity's  newest bit of police equipment; a blue power launch for  patrolling local waters. The boat is Hendricks' personal  pride and joy.
6) 2) text: As Red complies, Hendricks spots his boss.
6) 20) text: While Red grumbles, Brody and Sean are walking up to the  street. Michael and some teen-agers are headed down to the dock.
7) 14) text: Before Sean can protest further, Mike spots his crew: And Nicholas, a round-faced, frizzy-haired pal, wearing a bat suit, and carrying some scuba gear from an early-morning  diving class. Marge and Denise, two other divers, are wit him, with their gear. They ad-lib "good-byes."
8) 0) text: Later in the day, sailboats with bright colored sails and ornately painted hulls tack back and forth. Lots of chatt between boats, horseplay, splashing, and general good tim It's cruising, on water.
9) 11) text: It's immediately a race between the red boat -- "Sizzler, and Mike's "Green Machine." The Kids ad-lib -- "Faster,"  "Lookout," "Gybe, gybe."
10) 0) text: Bobbing on the surface are three boats: the Amity Police  launch, the deserted Elizabeth T., from Newport, flying a diver's flag, and the ScubaVue, a local diveboat operated Tom Andrews and his partner, Crosby; it has "Amity Aqua  Sports" lettered on it somewhere. Hendricks and Red are o the deck of the police boat, peering at the cruiser.
10) 2) dialog: Figure they split?
11) 18) text: Hendricks has entered, carrying the camera brought up fro the bottom by the divers.
11) 29) text: Hendricks puts the camera in an informal "Lost &amp; Foun sitting in the office. Brody makes the mistake of opening the door, revealing the White-Haired Man.
13) 21) text: Then the Shark appears, blood on its mouth, lunging up an butting the stern, jarring the engine loose. Fuel spills  from a ruptured line.
16) 0) text: The launch is anchored at the site of the explosion, offs Red is fishing up bits of flotsam with a boathook. Hendri is on the radio, talking to the shore.
17) 0) text: An ambulance, siren wailing and red light flashing, drive on its melancholy way through the picturesque town.
17) 3) dialog: How much longer?
17) 5) dialog: I don't care about the overtime, I'm  hungry. And cold. And most of all,  bored.
17) 9) text: Red moves to the winch, watching warily as it slows to a  near stall with the weight.
17) 10) dialog: About damn time.
17) 15) dialog: Oh shit. Drop it.
17) 17) dialog: Power line.
17) 19) text: He hits the release on the winch, and the cable whines as spins out and settles back on the bottom. Red jiggles the line, trying to free it up.
17) 20) dialog: It comes here from Cable Junction.
17) 22) dialog: (at the winch) Now you're talking. Let's get out of  here before we do find something.
21) 10) text: She opens her big floppy bag, revealing the top half of a jug of Mountain Red. Brooke slides over to her.
25) 0) text: Brody is alone in the jeep, headed for the safety of home and family. He drives past the town's billboard: it's cov with an architect's rendering of the Amity Holiday Inn. T sign reads: "WHEN IN AMITY, ENJOY THE HOLIDAY INN." Plastered across it is an added streamer: "NOW OPEN." Bar visible underneath are older notices: "UNDER CONSTRUCTION and "OPENING IN JUNE." As Brody passes the sign, he impulsively swings off the m road and heads down towards the beach.
32) 79) text: Curious crowd murmurs as they watch this lunacy. Brody  realizes he's fired his weapon, that spent shells litter sand at his feet.
34) 0) text: Brody, alone, is sitting at his desk, morosely studying a little gold statuette of a pistol marksman. What's done i done, and Brody is trying to figure out how to live with The phone rings, is answered in the other room. The buzze sounds. Brody picks up his end.
35) 15) text: He gestures, Brody steps to one side of a table with some big enamel pans for washing and developing prints. Phil  switches to a red light, and takes some printing paper,  putting it under the enlarger.
35) 19) text: The close-up detail of this otherwise blurred and unreada photo is unmistakably a detail from a very close view of snapping jaws of a Great White; if you hadn't seen it as memory, it would make no sense at all. For Brody, the mea is all too clear; for anyone who's never seen the monster face-to-face, it's nothing.
50) 6) text: Andrews dismisses them with a good-natured wave.
50) 14) text: The class, paired up, is drifting down; Sparky offering  encouragement as they descend. Andrews and Crosby are alr disappearing, swimming away with strong kicks.
53) 0) text: Ellen and Brody are in the jeep; he's driving her to work There's a crowd at dockside, and the town ambulance's now familiar blinking red light. Brody, out of force of habit wheels the jeep towards the action, nudging through the c which gives way to the official blue-and-white vehicle.
55) 3) text: Looking up at the scattered hulls of the sailboats, the  turbulence from the low-flying chopper making a vast circ pattern of irregular vibrations.
55) 26) text: He moves abruptly, stepping up onto the police launch,  snapping on the radio, leaving Hendricks, Ellen and Tina the sailboat moored alongside.
56) 24) text: He sails to where Doug is being carried along by the curr The inflatable is a mess -- shredded rubber and dead engi the Shark didn't like it.
56) 52) text: He starts to make sail back towards the lighthouse, on a  severe, but manageable tack. Polo, Timmy, and the injured Mike sail towards safety, leaving the others behind. Tackle the job at hand, concentrating on survival. Jackie strangely quiet; things are out of control...
61) 17) text: His hands illustrate the predicament.