28) 14) dialog: Edward, John here. Hope things went well wherever you were this time. And, please, do not, I repeat, do not tell me about it. Every time you tell me about your latest case, I get nightmares for a week. Anyway, give me a call when you get back. Linda wants to have you by for dinner. Lord knows why, but she seems to like you. And if you haven't scared Aline away yet, bring her along.
37) 0) text: 30 JOHN HOUGHTON (early 30s) lies asleep in his bed next to wife, LINDA HOUGHTON (early 30s).
37) 1) text: Suddenly, John opens his eyes.
37) 2) text: John quietly sits up and gets out of bed. Linda is woken but just barely. John walks out of the room.
38) 0) text: 1 John exits the house. He walks down the front path and ou into the night.
54) 20) text: Each report has a photo of a missing Orphan, both MALE an FEMALE. One of the photos is of John Houghton.
98) 19) text: A FIGURE stands behind him. It is John.
98) 20) text: John looks fierce, his face drawn, gaunt. His eyes are su into dark recesses, with nearly clear irises.
98) 23) text: John lunges at Carnby. Carnby is too surprised to defend himself. John SLAMS Carnby against the wall, knocking his revolver out of his hands.
98) 24) text: John picks Carnby up and hurls him across the Loft. Carnb CRASHES through furniture as he lands heavily.
98) 25) text: Out of the shadows behind Aline, two FIGURES emerge. They both missing ORPHANS, one MALE, one FEMALE. They have the same gaunt faces and clear irises as John.
98) 48) text: Suddenly, John lunges at him, his teeth bared.
98) 49) text: Carnby SMASHES John across the head with the shotgun. But John keeps coming, SLAMMING him against the wall. Carnby breaks John's hold and swivel-kicks him out of the way. J skitters off into the shadows.
98) 53) text: Aline struggles with the Female Orphan. Carnby turns to s John rising up behind her, about to strike.
98) 69) text: Aline comes up to Carnby. He stands over John's corpse.
100) 57) text: Miles runs a hand-held scanning device over John's corpse The scanner BEEPS, indicating the presence of a spinal-wo