1) 2) text: YOUNG EDWARD CARNBY (age 10), small, thin, and terrified, runs for his life. 2 The forest is pitch black. Young Edward ducks between tre under branches, not stopping for anything, GASPING for breath. He doesn't turn to look behind him. He just runs fast as he can.
1) 4) text: Tomething chases Young Edward through the dark forest. It P.O.V. is skewed, inhuman. It is gaining on him.
1) 5) text: As Young Edward runs, beams of light become visible throu the closely packed trees. Something is up ahead, somethin bright. Edward runs towards it.
1) 6) text: Young Edward bursts out into a clearing in the woods, run towards the bright light.
1) 9) text: The light stops whatever is chasing Young Edward at the e of the forest. What is making the light isn't visible, on Young Edward's silhouette running towards the blinding li
7) 18) text: But sitting on the ground behind the transformer is Young Edward. He clutches himself, shivering, frightened.
9) 0) text: 7 Deputy Adams approaches Young Edward. He takes off his ja and wraps it around Young Edward's shoulders.
9) 1) text: Young Edward pulls the jacket around him and smiles, stil scared, but happy to see the Deputy.
9) 5) dialog: I don't know... I don't remember...
9) 9) dialog: Edward... Edward Carnby.
28) 17) text: Several bookshelves, all crammed with books, line one wal old framed photograph sits on a bookshelf, a faded photo twenty CHILDREN sitting on the front steps of the Orphana Sister Clara stands with them. Young Edward sits to one s
49) 0) text: 50 Young Edward (age 10) walks through the Den. The lights a all out. The Den is musty, but clean.
49) 1) text: A sliver of light glows from underneath the doorway to Si Clara's bedroom. Young Edward KNOCKS softly on the door.
49) 6) dialog: Sister, something's happened.
49) 10) dialog: They're not gone anymore. The others are back.
94) 2) text: Something chases Young Edward as he runs for his life thr the misty, dark forest. He runs towards a light up ahead.
95) 0) text: Young Edward enters the Shed, closing the door behind him
95) 2) text: Something compels Young Edward to move closer towards the transformer and reach out a trembling hand. He places his hand against the transformer's front grill.
95) 3) text: With a sudden SNAP and FLASH, electricity courses through Young Edward. Jagged fingers of blue light jolt around hi