1) 0) text: It's a lazy Sunday afternoon, and a black family (MOTHER, FATHER, grandma, and eight children ranging from 24 to 7 years of age) are quietly absorbed in routine tasks. Two black men, Uncle Sonny and Cousin * Brownie play a rousing gospel type song and the family joins in; some of the others keep time and play harmonic: Navin, dressed and placed as one of the family, is noddin happily out of tempo. When the blues finishes, he is the only one to applaud. As he looks around sheep-~ ishly: |
2) 0) text: The familv is at dinner, Mother is serving.
2) 1) dialog: Here's cornbread, and greens, and some of those hog maws you like, and leave room for some sweet potato pie...
2) 3) dialog: Not at all -- listen, everybody, today is Navin's birthday and I cooked him up his favorite meal... The family reacts with joy and enthusiasm.
2) 5) dialog: (producing a tray) : Tunafish salad on white bread with mayonnaise, a Tab, and a couple of Twinkies... | The Twinkies have candles stuck through the cellophane. Everyone sings as Navin gets his birthday meal.
2) 25) dialog: I brought your Twinkie.
2) 27) dialog: You feelin' ‘different’ again?
2) 29) dialog: Son, it's your birthday, and it's time you knew. You ain't our naturel-born child.
2) 31) dialog: You was left on our doorstep, and we vaised you like you was one of us.
4) 0) text: The music has shifted to another danceable 4/4 FOX- TROT. Navin is box-stepping and dipping like crazy. The light goes on from his parents' bedroom, and his Mother, sleepy in curlers and nightdress, emerges. Others in the family wake up to see what's going on.
4) 5) dialog: But Navin...
5) 1) dialog: And remember -- the Lord loves a working man.
5) 9) dialog: I hope you find whatever it is you're lookin’ for, son.
6) 1) dialog: I sho' do miss Navin... (CONTINUED)
6) 7) dialog: (wearily) I wonder if he's doin’ all right? Elvira gets up from the table and goes to the window and shouts outside.
97) 0) text: ANGLE ON the party crowd. They are sturined. A couple of the partygoers remove their glasses to reveal crossed eyes. Navin smiles sickly. The partygoers drift off with excuses. "Boy, it's ten after seven," "Another phony..." "Nouveau Riche..." “He got what. he deserved," "He made my mother cock- eyed." This last man is being restrained and dragged off.
107) 31) dialog: Yeah, every one of them. More weeping and embracing as they get into the car and a the car drives off...