7) 0) text: Navin is still standing in the same spot.
15) 0) text: Navin and the dog stand as the motel empties out: hookers, Shriners, tourists, salesmen, etc. They assemble in the parking lot in front of the motel. Navin bends down to talk to the dog. (CONTINUED)
37) 0) text: A middle-aged entrepreneur named Stanley Fox, an en- thusiastic man wearing glasses extends his hand.
37) 3) dialog: Check away Navin R. Johnson?! Navin moves to the hood. The cross hairs FOLLOW erra- tically as Stan moves to Navin blocking the view again.
37) 5) dialog: Let's check the oil togethez!
37) 7) dialog: Damn these glasses! He slides them back up his nose.
37) 8) dialog: (continuing) Hurry, son, time's a wastin'.
37) 13) dialog: I'm going to the john. Don't forget to check those tires... He leans over and the glasses slide again.
37) 14) dialog: (continuing) Damn these glasses, son...
37) 18) dialog: You can? Well, here... ‘ Stan tosses the glasses in the air toward Navin. We do a SLOW MOTION SHOT ala the bone toss in "2001." The MUSIC SOARS. Navin's hand reaches out and grabs then.
38) 0) text: Navin enters and comes towards Stan. Navin is now wearing Stan's glasses which have a small crude handle attached to the center.
38) 2) dialog: Well, I'll be! {does it again) It works!... This your idea?
38) 4) dialog: You know, I make a pretty good living selling shit like this. Tell you what, if I can develop this gizmo, I'll split with you fifty-fifty.
38) 9) dialog: What a day. * He marches outside to his car. Navin follows, so do the cross nairs cf the gun sight.
39) 1) dialog: (gets into car) ® Well... I’ve got a trunk load of shit to sell!... (through window) * Here's a dix for the gas... (Navin leans into car) * Keep the change... By the way, how can I reach you, Johnson?
42) 0) text: QUICK SHOTS of Ferlinger's camival: the midway, freak shows, food stands, ferris wheel, various rides, and booths where games of chance still are played.
42) 16) text: On a platform elevated above the crowd, he sees 2 dramatic-looking GIRL standing on the seat of a motorcyele. She is wearing a scanty, and tacky, leather-and-chains Hell's Angels outfit. She is hit by spotlights on three sides. A banner above her announces, "Patty and Her Flaming Wall of Death.” She flashes a phony smile to the crowd and does a spectacular stunt that whisks her out of sight. CAMERA MOVES TO INCLUDE-Navin, in awe.
47) 1) text: We HEAR a TRAIN WHISTLE. Steam escapes from between the wheels. There is a loud CHUG from the engine. The CAMERA PULLS BACK AND REVEALS Navin perched on the cab of a miniature train ride. Navin is wearing an engineer's costume with a hat.that says "Engineer Fred. The train pulls up to the loading platform. All the kids disembark and run to their parents. Navin gets out, checks about the engine, oiling it, etc. He notices a lovely girl, MARIE, standing near the ticket booth. She is Tooking around frantically. Navin approaches her and leans over the fence. In an attempt to gain her attention, he doffs his cap and makes a train sound. (CONTINUED)
76) 0) text: A vaguely familiar man comes out from behind a desk, dressed very well, wearing glasses with a little handle in the center. He's differant from the last time we saw him, a better haircut and a very hearty laugh. He roars at Navin for a long time. It's STANLEY FOX, the entrepreneur, formerly of Fox Enterprises.
77) 0) text: Harry is reading a postcard while his wife LENORE stands by. He is wearing an Opti-Grab.
82) 0) text: CAMERA PANS OFF Navin and Marie to crossed human bones being held by black voodoo dancer. He dances back, re- vealing Navin and Marie, dressed in formal wedding outfits. They stand in the midst of a combination voodoo, Haitian ritual. There are firepots, graven images, native dancers rattling bones. Tom-toms thump and the voodoo dancer wearing a mask leaps in front of them and plunges a knife into a three-foot human doll. The music stops abruptly.
90) 17) text: He quickly slips his robe off, kicks off his slippers and jumps into a Bruce Lee karate stance with an appropriate shout. He is stripped to the waist, his body oiled like a muscleman. He proceeds to annihilate three Con Men with a series of SLOW MOTION, choreo- graphed karate blows. Navin kicks the last Man directly in the balls and then Navin falls to the ground, in pain, clutching his foot... the Man stands unperturbed, smiling.
102) 0) text: QUICK SHOTS of Navin walking through crowds in Century City, looking up at Stan Fox's office building.
104) 0) text: The office is stripped bare with only one empty file cabinet and a door on two saw-horses for a desk. Stan Fox is packing things in a box to go on the road. There is a meek looking young man sitting shyly in a corner.
104) 2) dialog: (elated) Yeah, yeah...Looks good, Looks good...Good luck with them...: I got a new boy -- Medford Baxter! Found him at a bus stop. Kid's a genius. He came up with a surefire money maker... Stan opens his coat to reveal a thick leather belt with pouches around his waist.
104) 3) dialog: (continuing) A bible belt! Carries all your bibles! Old Testament, New Testament, King James Version, New. Revised Version, The Gay Bible, it's got everything. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
104) 6) dialog: It's a church around your waist. Pow! “Sinner: Come on Medford. * {puts on Western Hat) There's a lot of twenty-four ninety- five out there, and it's got our name on it. Navin, one minute you're up, one minute you're down. Think of it this way...we killed two minutes!