36) 0) text: They run out and remove their masks. RAPHAEL RUIZ, 20's, tough, shaved head, neck covered with tattoos. HECTOR, La small, cubby, stops and stares at something with confusio
36) 1) dialog: Hey, Vato, where's your car?
36) 4) text: Hector has to grab Raphael who is too stunned to move and down the street.
40) 0) text: Raphael sits on the couch. He can barely contain his ange looks up slowly, his jaw clenched. Hector sits across fro with a few other GANG BANGERS.
40) 1) dialog: Maybe you should call the police.
40) 3) dialog: I just thought that--
40) 5) text: The other Gang Bangers laugh at Hector.
40) 7) text: Hector slinks out of the room.        Raphael's face hard
67) 0) text: Raphael enters with Hector and two GANG-BANGERS.   The ro with low rider cars.
67) 10) dialog: (overlapping; to Felix) -- you stole my cousin Enrique's car.
67) 12) dialog: He told Enrique he didn't know anything about his car.
67) 14) text: Hector is embarrassed as Raphael once again berates him i of the others. Raphael picks up a pair of pliers of the w He clamps them down on the tip of Felix's nose and squeez Felix's face fills with pain.
75) 3) text: Raphael stares at it as he thinks about his own car. ON HECTOR. We see the Impala pull up beside them.       R driving. Daniel, Sami and Zero are with him. Hector glances over and sees the Impala. Raymond smiles a and nods. Hector slowly nods back. He looks over at Rapha is still looking out the window. The light turns green. The Impala turns right.     Raphae over at a confused Hector.
75) 5) dialog: Hard to say.
141) 5) text: Raphael and Hector exit.    We move with them through the
142) 0) text: Raphael and Hector head for the front door. The elevator opens and Sami exits. They walk past each other as Sami h across the lobby and into the gift shop. As Raphael and H walk out the front door Agent Hadley steps in walks past goes over to a WOMAN CLERK at the front desk.
159) 0) text: A distraught Raphael sits across from Hector in a booth n window. Hector has almost finished eating. Raphael hasn't his food. He pushes his plate away.
159) 2) text: Raphael lowers his head sadly.      Hector looks out the HIS POV -- of the Impala driving by -- rear window missin about to fall off. Hector watches it go by, then turns back.     Raphael loo
159) 3) dialog: So, can I have your fries?