1) 2) dialog: I'm trying.    It doesn't work.
1) 5) dialog: Do they come with batteries?
1) 7) dialog: I thought they came with batteries.
1) 9) dialog: I bought everything you put on the list. Gloves. Pen knives. Flashlight. Batteries were not on the list.
3) 0) text: Dark. DANIEL FORAY lights his Zippo lighter. He is late 3 tall, handsome with eyes that seem to twinkle in the glow flame. Beside him is JULIEN LABESSE, 30's, hyper. Daniel the LIGHTER on a small table and moves over to a PAINTING wall. Daniel stops at one, removes a pen knife and starts the canvas from the frame. Daniel rolls up the canvas.
3) 5) text: Julien starts to pick up the ZIPPO.
3) 7) text: Too Late! Julien has already picked it up. It burns his h he flicks it away. It flies through the air and lands in of the room. The CURTAINS catch on fire.
3) 9) text: Julien panics! He grabs the canvas out of Daniel's hand a beating the flames with it. Daniel looks at him with disb Julien flails his arms wildly as he beats back the flames turns to Daniel pleased that his efforts have extinguishe fire, but unaware that the canvas has now caught on fire. Julien sees the flames and puts them out. Daniel just sta him. He opens the canvas. The painting is ruined.
5) 0) text: Daniel and Julien move through the darkness.
5) 2) text: Julien remove a lighter and presses it. The entire room f with light. Julien stares at the flame amazed.
5) 4) text: They turn to see an old man standing at the top of the st his bathrobe. He is frail, his face pasty white. He is ho very long, double-barrel shotgun. Julien looks to Daniel with a 'what now' expression. The slowly moves down the stairs. He loses his balance and fa the stairs, tumbling head over heals until he reaches the Daniel and Julien stare at the old man who is sprawled ou floor, motionless.
5) 10) dialog: He looked dead before he fell.
5) 11) text: The old man groans, then opens his eyes.    He grabs his Daniel and Julien run to the door.
6) 0) text: Daniel and Julien run towards the street.
6) 2) text: Raymond starts the engine.   Daniel and Julien rush acros and get in the back seat. Raymond tries to pull out but there are only a few inches the Mercedes in front and the car behind. Like a pinball between two bumpers the Peugeot jerks rapidly back and fo
7) 0) text: Daniel and Julien stare angrily ar Raymond.
7) 1) dialog: You didn't think to move the car before we came out!
8) 6) dialog: Fine. Raymond, we'd like to commend you on how well you fucked up tonight.
9) 0) text: A narrow street. Daniel carries the cardboard tube as he with Julien and Raymond. They enter a WAREHOUSE.
10) 0) text: Two large desks are lined up face to face. One is empty. other is occupied by LAURANT BASTALDI, 40's, all business the side is MARCEL BUROT, 40's. Daniel, Julien and Raymon As they approach the desk Daniel glances at Marcel who is at him.
10) 42) dialog: It seems like a long way to go for a necklace.
10) 52) dialog: We're going to need to find someone who knows the city.
14) 0) text: Daniel sits with Julien.    At the end of the bar Raymond pay phone.
14) 2) text: Sami enters and walks over to Daniel and Julien.
14) 4) dialog: What is it you do, Sami?
14) 9) dialog: I see.   A master criminal.
14) 14) text: Sami laughs at his little joke. The others cringe. One lo Zero's eyes tells Sami what everyone else already knows: not someone to fuck with. Julien puts his arm around Sami leads him away from the others.
14) 15) dialog: Let me give you some advice. You don't want to piss him off because he'll kill you for the fun of it. What you want to do is keep your mouth shut and do what we tell you.
18) 12) dialog: Dirty underwear.
18) 29) dialog: He is.
18) 31) text: Julien shrugs his shoulders.
21) 2) text: Julien looks up at her.
21) 3) dialog: Could we see a wine list please?
21) 6) dialog: Oh, then we will have the house wine.
21) 11) dialog: I did not order escargot.
21) 13) dialog: What kind of restaurant doesn't serve wine?
21) 15) dialog: Okay.    I will have a beer.
21) 17) dialog: (to the others) C'est quoi root beer?
23) 2) dialog: I can handle the exterior alarm, but the one in the bedroom is a problem.
23) 5) dialog: What about transportation?
25) 1) dialog: What the hell is that?
33) 0) text: Julien and Zero are playing cards at the back of the room sitting by himself sorting through a BLACK CANVAS BAG fil shoes. Sophie joins him. Sami pulls another pair of shoes the canvas bag.
37) 0) text: The crew gets ready. On the table a variety of gear is la Cells phones, electronic devices, all the tools of the tr Sami throws some items into the black canvas bag. A cell rings. Julien answers it.
42) 4) dialog: Yeah and if you turned it around it would say to go right.
46) 0) text: Julien attaches a device to the alarm panel. A series of flash by as the computer cracks the code. One by one, the stop until the entry code is displayed on the screen. He the numbers on the alarm and nods to the others.
46) 3) text: Julien and Zero move around to the side of the house as D Sami and Marcel wait in the shadows.
47) 0) text: Julien places a retractable ladder against the wall and c He pries open the window and climbs in. Zero follows.
48) 0) text: Dark. Julien makes his way to the door and repeats the pr with another alarm panel. Zero sits on the corner of the waits patiently. Julien turns off the hall alarm and nods Zero speed dials a number on his cell phone.
50) 0) text: Julien and Zero wait for them. We hear a toilet flush. Th to the bathroom opens and a man steps out. In an instant and Zero jump him. The others enter and quickly join in t the man.
52) 0) text: The lights are on. The room is an interior designers nigh Clashing colors, zebra skin bedspread. We move along Dani Marcel, Julien and Zero as they stare at something. THEIR POV -- Tied to a chair, his mouth taped shut, is a Frankie Zammito. He yells, his voice muffled by the tape, it's not hard to understand what he's saying.
52) 2) text: Julien goes to a bookcase and finds the safe.
52) 3) dialog: At least they got this right.
54) 0) text: BLACK SCREEN. From inside the safe we see Julien open the Daniel and Julien look inside. There are a several stacks envelopes and a small cardboard box. Julien starts removi everything and puts it into the bag canvas bag.
54) 1) dialog: Where are the jewels?   There aren't any jewels.
54) 4) dialog: I'm telling you I've pulled out everything in the safe. There aren't any jewels.
56) 34) dialog: What do we do?
56) 36) dialog: Go where?   The police are outside.
56) 39) text: Marcel and Zero nod.   Daniel looks to Julien who appears
56) 45) text: Julien nods.   Sami walks over and grabs the black canvas
61) 11) dialog: Bastaldi got the address from you, yes?
61) 13) dialog: And he gave it to us.    145 Ridgeway Road.
73) 1) dialog: Oh, man... this is bullshit!    You can't trust anyone these days.
73) 36) dialog: This wasn't the deal! The deal was to steal a necklace, not get in the middle of a Mafia war.
73) 39) dialog: I knew this was a mistake! I knew it last night when you asked me to go along with this. I could hear that little voice in my head saying, "don't do it! Don't you do it!" Jesus, why don't I ever listen to myself?
85) 0) text: Marcel, Julien and Wayne are waiting as the Impala drives Raymond hops out of the car.
89) 2) text: Daniel, Sami and Julien sit at a table. Marcel stares out window sadly. Zero is flipping through the television cha
89) 32) dialog: Well, I say the whole deal is off. In fact, if you ask me, there never was a deal because we were screwed from the start.
93) 3) dialog: (freaking out) This is bad. This is really fuckin' bad. Am I the only one who sees how bad this is?
93) 5) dialog: Don't tell me to be cool! We were supposed to be in and out. In and out! In the last twenty four hours we've managed to get the Mafia... the FBI... the Chicago Police Department and a group of Latin gang members after us. I haven't left out anyone, have I? (pretends to think about it) I don't think so, because we've already pissed off everyone in the fuckin' city!
93) 7) dialog: That's brilliant! Care to elaborate?
93) 8) text: Sami gets into Julien's face.
93) 11) dialog: Oh, Jesus.    We're dead.
93) 14) text: Julien walks away.    Daniel picks up the phone and dials
95) 9) dialog: Maybe I'm missing the obvious, but why aren't we leaving town? Any place has to be safer for us than Chicago.
95) 13) dialog: That's an excellent plan.     Very comforting.
106) 0) text: Raymond and Julien approach the counter.   Raymond is ner
106) 2) dialog: (in French) Relax. It will be fine.
106) 6) text: Raymond smiles, a big, friendly, completely over exaggera Julien looks at him and rolls his eyes. The Rental Agent down to the end of the counter and dials a number on the
110) 0) text: The Rental Agent walks back over to Raymond and Julien.
110) 2) dialog: Everything okay now?
112) 0) text: An EMPLOYEE drives up in a CADILLAC DE VILLE.   He gets o Julien grabs the keys from him.
112) 1) dialog: (in French) I'll drive.
112) 3) dialog: (in French) I've never driven a Cadillac before.
114) 1) dialog: (in French) This is a car. I think this is the best American car I've ever driven.
118) 0) text: Julien drives the Cadillac along the North River.   The L keeps pace with them several cars behind.
121) 0) text: Raymond looks over at Julien.
121) 1) dialog: (in French) We're being followed.
121) 2) text: Julien hits the gas.
124) 5) dialog: (in French) Stop talking. I'm trying to concentrate.
129) 2) text: His voice trails off as he sees Julien. A bullet has glan neck, not deep, but deep enough to sever an artery. Blood down his neck and covers his shirt. His face is pale. He at the wound in the rear view mirror.
130) 0) text: Julien steers the caddy onto another street.   The townca
131) 4) dialog: (in French) When we get to the next corner jump out.
131) 6) dialog: (in French) We both know I'm already dead.
131) 8) dialog: (in French) Go!
134) 0) text: Julien comes racing into the intersection full speed and into the Lincoln. The impact sends the Lincoln spinning a When it stops the driver's window is facing the front of The driver of the caddy takes aim and fires.   The bullet through the windshield and kills Julien. The driver looks over at the passenger just in time to se
135) 0) text: Raymond limps into the street oblivious to the oncoming t He stares sadly at Julien.