10) 0) text: Two large desks are lined up face to face. One is empty. other is occupied by LAURANT BASTALDI, 40's, all business the side is MARCEL BUROT, 40's. Daniel, Julien and Raymon As they approach the desk Daniel glances at Marcel who is at him.
10) 1) dialog: (amused) I heard you almost got your ass blown off last night. Some thief. A regular black panther.
10) 2) text: Marcel glances at Bastaldi to see if he appreciates his c
10) 4) dialog: Pink panther, black panther. Who gives a shit? And I don't remember asking you a God Damn thing, you little turd.
10) 6) dialog: What the hell is he talking about?
10) 11) dialog: How about getting on your knees and communicating with my dick?
10) 13) text: A beat. Raymond and Marcel stare at one another.     We H GROANING SOUND in the b.g.
10) 44) dialog: (overlapping) Mr. Bastaldi isn't asking you if you want to go. (More)
10) 47) text: MARCEL (Cont'd) He's telling you you're going! And if he's telling you you're going to be going then you are going to go!
10) 53) dialog: I know someone.
12) 0) text: Sami is at the bar. He sees Marcel enter and runs towards back. Standing in his way is one of Marcel's MEN. Sami tu around as Marcel approaches and forces a smile. NOTE:   All dialogue is now in English unless otherwise n
12) 1) dialog: Going somewhere?
12) 3) text: A long, awkward beat as Marcel just glares at him.
12) 5) text: Marcel opens the door to the bathroom and pushes Sami ins
13) 0) text: Marcel closes the door.   He is face to face with Sami.
13) 2) text: Marcel punches Sami in the stomach. He drops to his knees beat. The door to the bathroom opens and the LARGE MAN pe inside. He stares awkwardly at what he perceives as the b of a sexual act.
13) 4) text: Marcel slams the door then grabs Sami by the ear and yank his feet.
13) 5) dialog: Today's your lucky day, Sami.
13) 7) dialog: Normally I'd be breaking your fingers right now, but I'm going to give you a chance to make enough to pay me back and have some extra for yourself. We have a group going to Chicago to do a job. You're going with them.
13) 12) dialog: You lived there. You know the city.
13) 14) text: Marcel glares at him.
13) 16) text: Marcel stares at him with hard expression.
13) 17) dialog: If you try to leave town I'll know. If you manage to leave town I'll find you... and the next time we meet in a bathroom I'll be cutting you up into little pieces.
13) 19) dialog: Be at this address at nine o'clock tomorrow morning.
15) 0) text: Daniel and the others step out carrying their suitcases. to a limousine opens and Marcel gets out. The scene is in
16) 1) dialog: That's better.
16) 2) text: Zero doesn't like it. He pushes the button returning to t song and stares at Marcel. Marcel, not to be outdone retu Hallyday song. Like two children they click the buttons o radio, switching back and forth between Renaud and Hallyd Bastaldi has had enough.
16) 4) text: He turns off the radio. A long beat. Marcel, like a child has to have the last word starts singing to himself quiet loud enough for Zero to hear.
16) 5) dialog: (singing) ... que je t'aime... que je...
16) 6) text: Marcel sees Bastaldi glaring at him and stops.
18) 2) text: Marcel looks at a piece of paper he is holding.
18) 3) dialog: Yes.   We are sure.
19) 0) text: The crew stands at a door. Marcel knocks.     A peep-hole door is opened and an eye looks them over.
19) 1) dialog: We are looking for Sophie.    Laurant send us.
27) 0) text: The music continues to pound through the walls. A soggy R steps into the room. He walks over to a chair and sits do head hung down, embarrassed. Marcel is angered by this. H over to Daniel who subtly nods to him. Marcel leaves the
28) 0) text: Marcel walks purposefully along the side of the building. reaches into his jacket pocket and removes two black leat He slips them on as he approaches the door, then knocks. The Biker opens the door.
28) 2) text: Marcel head butts him, slamming his forehead into the bri his nose. The Biker clasps his hands over his bleeding no Marcel grabs him by the hair and rapidly punches him in f times -- each punch backing the Biker into the room.
29) 0) text: On the last punch the Biker falls backwards crashing thro large glass coffee table. BIKER #2 moves in behind Marcel and throws a hard punch a turns around. Marcel bends his head down, so that his att fists slams into the hard crown of his skull. BIKER #2 painfully grabs his broken knuckles. Marcel knee hard in the groin. BIKER #2 turns to his side and doubles Marcel kicks the man into the back of his knee spinning h and down on his knees.
29) 3) text: In a fluid movement he elbows the man in the back of head #2 falls face forwards and is out cold. Marcel turns to the third BIKER who is standing by the st is smaller than the others and has seen enough. He quickl off the power. DEAD QUIET.
30) 0) text: Marcel enters.   Wayne is on the couch with Raymond.
42) 3) dialog: The map said to go left.
46) 3) text: Julien and Zero move around to the side of the house as D Sami and Marcel wait in the shadows.
52) 0) text: The lights are on. The room is an interior designers nigh Clashing colors, zebra skin bedspread. We move along Dani Marcel, Julien and Zero as they stare at something. THEIR POV -- Tied to a chair, his mouth taped shut, is a Frankie Zammito. He yells, his voice muffled by the tape, it's not hard to understand what he's saying.
52) 11) dialog: (overlapping) -- I want to be Elvis.
52) 13) dialog: (whining) C'mon, I look more like Elvis than you do.
52) 15) text: Marcel smiles happily.
52) 17) text: Marcel sees an autographed baseball on the book shelf.
52) 18) dialog: Hey, Barry Bonds. The home run king.
52) 19) text: Marcel tosses the ball into the black canvas bag.     Dan at him.
52) 20) dialog: It's for my nephew.
54) 2) text: Marcel looks as surprised as they are.
54) 3) dialog: There has to be.
54) 5) dialog: There must be half a million dollars here though.
54) 9) dialog: Mr. Taylor?
54) 16) dialog: (confused) Why would they want us to rob the Mafia?
54) 18) text: A beat. The three of them turn and look at Zammito. The seriousness of the situation finally dawns on Marcel. He over to Zammito and rips the tape off his mouth.
54) 19) dialog: Mr. Zammito, there seems to have been a big mistake here. May I use your phone?
54) 21) text: Marcel picks up the cordless phone and dials.
55) 2) dialog: (in French) It's Elvis...
55) 4) dialog: (in French) It's me...
56) 0) text: Marcel continues his conversation.
56) 1) dialog: (in French) Yes. (More)
56) 4) text: MARCEL (Cont'd) We went to the address we were given and had to tie up the owner of the house who turns out to be some Mafia guy.
56) 6) dialog: Oui.
56) 8) dialog: No.
56) 10) dialog: Oui.
56) 12) dialog: (In French) Should I call you back?
56) 15) dialog: Oui.
56) 25) text: Marcel whispers into Daniel's ear.
56) 26) dialog: You think it's smart to tell him we're French?
56) 35) dialog: I was told to take what we have and go.
56) 39) text: Marcel and Zero nod.   Daniel looks to Julien who appears
61) 16) dialog: It was an honest mistake. Ridgeway... Ridgeroad... Ridgeway Road.
73) 37) dialog: The deal is whatever Mr. Bastaldi says it is.
73) 44) dialog: What are you guys so scared of? Zammito doesn't know who we are. We just get out of town and it's over.
85) 0) text: Marcel, Julien and Wayne are waiting as the Impala drives Raymond hops out of the car.
85) 3) text: Marcel grabs Raymond and leads him back to the car.    Da Lamar standing across the street.
89) 2) text: Daniel, Sami and Julien sit at a table. Marcel stares out window sadly. Zero is flipping through the television cha
89) 7) dialog: No.
89) 9) dialog: I think if he told me he was going to steal Van Gogh's "Sunflowers in a vase" I would remember it.
89) 11) dialog: Whatever! He never told me about the Van Gogh or any of the other paintings.
89) 15) dialog: Fuck you! You know I'd never go along with something like this.
89) 17) dialog: This ain't about that and you know it. This is about you never forgiving me for leaving the crew.
89) 19) dialog: Yeah and he can't stand it that I tried to do something to better myself.
89) 21) dialog: (in French) Better than spending my life crawling through windows in the middle of the night.
89) 27) dialog: (in French) I'm not a guy who is known for his patience and right now you're testing mine.
100) 0) text: Marcel waits as a SALESPERSON brings over several boxes o electronic equipment.
109) 0) text: Sami is recording something on a tape deck Marcel bough. Marcel outside on the balcony and removes a piece of pape his pocket, then picks up the phone and dials.
136) 0) text: Zero and Marcel are checking over the guns. Daniel writes notes on a pad of paper. Sami appears nervous as he sits the side. The door opens. Raymond limps into the room. His face is bruised, his pants torn, legs scraped. He stands there, s at them through empty eyes. Daniel looks at the door expectantly.   He knows the answ he asks the question.
136) 9) dialog: We all agreed to it. You had no way of knowing Bastaldi was setting us up.
136) 16) dialog: No.   How much?
136) 19) dialog: Maybe if we gave the tapes back --
140) 3) dialog: How about Canada?
146) 2) text: The manager runs away. Agent Hadley inserts the key and o door. His face fills with fear as he sees... AGENT HADLEY'S POV -- Daniel, Marcel, Raymond and Zero ar other side, their guns pointed at Hadley's head.
148) 0) text: Daniel, Raymond, Marcel and Zero step into the hall. The they do the elevator doors at the end of the hall open. T Wiseguys step out and see them. The door to the room next to theirs opens and a LITTLE GI dressed in a pink dress steps out.
148) 2) text: Everything seems to move in slow motion. --   The Wiseguys go for their guns. --   The crew goes for theirs. --   The little girl is caught between both groups. --   Marcel lunges forward, tackling the girl to ground. --   The Wiseguys begin to shoot. --   The hallway fills with gunfire. --   Marcel pulls the little girl into her room. --   Plaster explodes off the walls as bullets rip throug --   The Crew rushes back into their suite.
149) 0) text: Marcel hands the frightened girl to her mother, then move the door that joins with the crews. He shoots the lock an through the door.
150) 0) text: As Marcel steps through he sees the crew all aiming their him. Daniel gets an idea. As Zero holds off the Wiseguys the doorway, Daniel goes to the adjoining door on the oth of the suite. He shoots off the lock.
157) 3) text: Daniel and Marcel run towards Zero, firing their guns as they can pull the trigger. Marcel takes aim and fires. The Wiseguy's dive for cover as Marcel blazes away until is empty. We hear tires screeching as the Impala backs up. The Wiseguys shoot, blowing out the back window.     They Marcel and Zero. Daniel runs forward with two guns firing at the wiseguys. nears Marcel he throws the extra gun to him. SLOW MOTION :on the gun as it flies through the air. SLOW MOTION: One of the WISEGUYS has almost circle around SLOW MOTION: on the gun has it flies through the air. REAL TIME -- ON MARCEL: He looks to his left just as the arrives. It hits him on the forehead and knocks him down. Daniel fires a few SHOTS driving the Wiseguy back. He run and with Marcel's help they grab Zero and help him to the They dive into the back seat. The car screeches forward a out of the garage. Silence. The staircase door opens and an exhausted Joey " steps out, gasping for air.
161) 0) text: Small. Filled with cheap furniture. A small kitchenette i to the side of the room. Zero lays on the bed. Daniel use belt as tourniquet to slow the bleeding. Raymond sits at staring at the black canvas bag containing the cash and t Marcel is in the kitchenette.
161) 23) dialog: God, I want to go home.
161) 28) text: Zero nods. Daniel takes the bottle of Vodka and pours som the wound. Zero flinches. Daniel looks at Marcel, then re the belt. Blood flows from the wound. Marcel presses the poker against the wound. Zero grunts, but does not scream face contorts violently from the pain.
170) 0) text: Daniel enters to find Zero and Raymond still sleeping. He at the black canvas bag on the table. Marcel steps out of bathroom wrapped in a towel.
183) 0) text: Sami, Marcel and Raymond help Zero out of the taxi and to small plane. Off to the side Bonanno is standing with Hal Tony. Daniel walks over to him.
195) 0) text: Bastaldi steps outside into the crisp morning air.    He steps, then stops. BASTALDI POV -- across the street, standing side by side Sami, Raymond, Marcel and Zero. They look like a ragged b tired, dirty. We PAN across the faces of each one of them stare at Bastaldi. A BUS goes by blocking Bastaldi's view of the boys.   Whe the crew it gone! Bastaldi bites his lip nervously.    Bastaldi looks aroun is no sign of them.
195) 7) dialog: He's looking around for us.
200) 0) text: The rowboat hugs the shore, moving slowly down the river. is on the shore with Raymond. Raymond reaches out with a pole and pulls the boat to shore. Marcel opens the case. are several stacks of five hundred franc notes. Marcel lo Raymond with a grin and nods. Raymond opens his cell phon
207) 0) text: Daniel, Raymond, Sami, Raymond, Marcel and Zero watch the wreckage. Their blank faces show no emotion -- just a sen justice has been done.
207) 3) text: Raymond opens the suitcase and looks inside. As he peels the stacks of money we see that only the top bill of each real -- underneath them all is white paper, cut to the sa as the bills. Everyone turns to Marcel.
208) 1) dialog: I'm sorry! I was caught up in the excitement of the moment. I should have checked. I made a mistake. I suppose that none of you have ever made a mistake before?
208) 2) text: No one answers him. Sami reaches inside the black canvas removes the autographed baseball Marcel took from Zammito
208) 4) dialog: The baseball is mine.
208) 7) dialog: I'm the one who took it.   It's my baseball!
208) 9) dialog: Raymond, don't you think they're over reacting a little?
208) 12) dialog: Fine. All of you want to be angry? Be angry... but I'm the one who took the ball and that makes it mine.
208) 17) dialog: Give it to me, Sami.
208) 19) text: Marcel tries to take the ball out of the bag. Sami pulls Marcel grabs the bag. Both of them tug on it. Marcel pull and the bag rips down the seam. The baseball falls out an off the bridge into the river.
208) 21) text: Marcel stands there holding the inside liner of the bag. Sami throws the canvas bag to the ground in frustration. Something catches Daniel's attention. DANIEL'S POV -- of the black canvas. The lining has been away. A light breeze blows lifting the underside of the b canvas. There is a flash of color. Another gust of wind t the black canvas over. On the other side is Van Gogh's "V twelve sunflowers". Daniel's jaw drops.   The others notice his stunned expre follow his stare. THEIR POV -- of the priceless painting. They stand there, too shocked to move at first, then rush They have almost reached the painting when a truck passes The wind kicks up the painting, blowing it over the raili reach out to grab it, but it is too far away. They stand watching as it slowly floats down to the river below.