32) 35) dialog: He's over at St. James. They had to put two pins in his arm.
98) 3) dialog: Who is closer to the wall, Joey or me?
98) 5) dialog: Just tell me who's closer to the wall?
142) 11) text: Agent Hadley follows the manager as they walks towards th and pass... Sami who pretends to read a magazine, coverin face so Hadley will not see him. Sami walks quickly acros lobby and passes... Joey "Two Tons", Nicky "The Rake" and three other WISEGUY the hotel. Agent Hadley gets in an elevator with the Hote The doors close as the wiseguys approach. The moment the doors close Sami bolts into the lobby and the house phones. All of them are being used except one. is just about to lift the receiver when Sami pushes him a
154) 0) text: Empty. Nicky "The Rake" sees the open adjoining door and for them to follow him.
157) 0) text: The door flies open as the Crew runs across the lot.   Sa already started the Impala and is waiting for them. A moment later the stairwell door opens and the Wiseguys guns blazing. The Crew heads for the Impala, shooting behind them as th Nicky "The Rake"" shoots. Zero is hit in the leg. He falls to the ground, then roll side behind a parked car. He fights through the pain, pro up and begins to shoot back. Two Wiseguys step out to flank Zero. Zero takes aim and s one. He lines up on the other Wiseguy and pulls the trigg Click! His gun his empty.
162) 0) text: Zammito sits at a table in the back eating an assortment DEAN MARTIN "Innamaraia" plays on the stereo. EDDIE, 60's arthritic, finishes making an espresso. He starts carryin over to Zammito, moving incredibly slow, shuffling one fo front of the other. Zammito watches him with strained pat Joey "Two Tons" and Nicky "The Rake" enter. Their faces t story.
162) 2) dialog: They sort of got away.
188) 11) text: --   Raphael's eyes burn into Zammito's --   A Gang-Bangers eyes dart from side to side. --   A Wiseguy bites his lip. --   Nicky "The Rake" twitches his fingers nervously. --   Sweat glistens on the forehead of Joey "Two Tons".
188) 20) text: We move through the room, past the carnage. Smoke swirls, covers the floor. Raphael is dead. Along with Joey "Two T and Nicky "The Rake" On the floor, Zammito is against the He sits up, amazed that he is untouched. He gets to his f makes his way to the front door.