35) 1) dialog: Gimme the money!
35) 3) dialog: Open the safe!
35) 5) text: Raphael pistol whips him with his gun and drags him half the counter, then presses his gun to the old man's head.
35) 7) text: Raphael pushes him to the floor.    He runs out of the st the others.
36) 0) text: They run out and remove their masks. RAPHAEL RUIZ, 20's, tough, shaved head, neck covered with tattoos. HECTOR, La small, cubby, stops and stares at something with confusio
36) 2) text: Raphael stops as he sees the street is empty.
36) 4) text: Hector has to grab Raphael who is too stunned to move and down the street.
40) 0) text: Raphael sits on the couch. He can barely contain his ange looks up slowly, his jaw clenched. Hector sits across fro with a few other GANG BANGERS.
40) 2) dialog: Hey, idiot -- I've got stolen wheels and a stolen radio in the car.
40) 4) dialog: (overlapping) -- Don't think. Okay?        You're not good at it.
40) 6) dialog: Go do something -- get some beers for the guys.
40) 7) text: Hector slinks out of the room.        Raphael's face hard
40) 8) dialog: When I find out who did this I'm going to mount their head on my dashboard!
67) 0) text: Raphael enters with Hector and two GANG-BANGERS.   The ro with low rider cars.
67) 4) dialog: Someone stole my car tonight!
67) 6) dialog: You run a chop shop for low riders. Yes, I think you'd steal my car.
67) 7) text: Raphael lifts up the hood and slams it down on Felix agai
67) 9) dialog: And I should just believe--
67) 11) dialog: (to Hector) Hector, don't interrupt me.
67) 13) dialog: I don't give a shit about your cousin's car. We're here about my car. So, shut your mouth! You think you can do that? You think you can keep your big mouth shut?
67) 14) text: Hector is embarrassed as Raphael once again berates him i of the others. Raphael picks up a pair of pliers of the w He clamps them down on the tip of Felix's nose and squeez Felix's face fills with pain.
67) 15) dialog: If I find out you're lying. If I find out you know anything about this I'm going to come back and cut off your nose.
67) 17) dialog: (to the others) Vamos.
75) 3) text: Raphael stares at it as he thinks about his own car. ON HECTOR. We see the Impala pull up beside them.       R driving. Daniel, Sami and Zero are with him. Hector glances over and sees the Impala. Raymond smiles a and nods. Hector slowly nods back. He looks over at Rapha is still looking out the window. The light turns green. The Impala turns right.     Raphae over at a confused Hector.
75) 4) dialog: Tell me the truth Hector... do you think we'll find my car?
108) 2) dialog: I thought he was in prison.
141) 0) text: Because of the early hour the room is empty. Raphael and are with FREDDY O, 30's, hard-looking. He is wearing a bu uniform as he sets the tables.
141) 2) dialog: When I find them they won't have them for much longer.
141) 5) text: Raphael and Hector exit.    We move with them through the
142) 0) text: Raphael and Hector head for the front door. The elevator opens and Sami exits. They walk past each other as Sami h across the lobby and into the gift shop. As Raphael and H walk out the front door Agent Hadley steps in walks past goes over to a WOMAN CLERK at the front desk.
159) 0) text: A distraught Raphael sits across from Hector in a booth n window. Hector has almost finished eating. Raphael hasn't his food. He pushes his plate away.
159) 1) dialog: I can't eat.
159) 2) text: Raphael lowers his head sadly.      Hector looks out the HIS POV -- of the Impala driving by -- rear window missin about to fall off. Hector watches it go by, then turns back.     Raphael loo
185) 0) text: A gang hang out. Raphael is with several hard-looking gan Lamar arrives with two of his friends.
186) 0) text: Several Gang Bangers stand around their low rider cars. S "Oye Como Va" plays loudly on one of the radios. Raphael heatedly with several of the gang bangers.
188) 0) text: The air is thick with cigar smoke. Several GUMBAS hang ar bar. Zammito is at his table with Joey "Two Tons" and Nic Rake." DEAN MARTIN "Return To me" plays on the jukebox. Outside we hear the sound of cars pulling up and screechi stop. The door opens and Raphael and ten other very tough GANG MEMBERS step inside. The room falls silent, except f on the jukebox. Zammito stands up.
188) 1) dialog: Anybody know about that car outside?
188) 5) dialog: I'm telling you that's my car!   And someone's gonna pay for it!
188) 7) dialog: Fuck you, grease-ball!
188) 11) text: --   Raphael's eyes burn into Zammito's --   A Gang-Bangers eyes dart from side to side. --   A Wiseguy bites his lip. --   Nicky "The Rake" twitches his fingers nervously. --   Sweat glistens on the forehead of Joey "Two Tons".
188) 16) text: Raphael goes for his gun.   All hell breaks loose! People cover as shots rings out.   In the close quarters it's li fish in a barrel.
188) 20) text: We move through the room, past the carnage. Smoke swirls, covers the floor. Raphael is dead. Along with Joey "Two T and Nicky "The Rake" On the floor, Zammito is against the He sits up, amazed that he is untouched. He gets to his f makes his way to the front door.