2) 0) text: A wealthy neighborhood of Paris off the Champs Elysees. L homes line the secluded street. We see the silhouette of a Peugeot. We MOVE IN closer to see RAYMOND GAYET, 30's, nervously.
6) 2) text: Raymond starts the engine.   Daniel and Julien rush acros and get in the back seat. Raymond tries to pull out but there are only a few inches the Mercedes in front and the car behind. Like a pinball between two bumpers the Peugeot jerks rapidly back and fo
7) 0) text: Daniel and Julien stare angrily ar Raymond.
7) 2) text: Daniel looks out his window and sees... DANIEL'S POV -- the old man runs out of his house with hi and heads towards the car. Raymond is desperately trying to get the car free. They a down as the old man fires. The windows on the left side o car shatter.
7) 4) text: Raymond pops up and returns to getting the car out as the opens the breach of the shotgun to reload.. Raymond floors the Peugeot keeping his foot on the brake. engine revs. He turns the wheel to the left and releases The Peugeot juts forward smashing into the rear of the Me and pushing in out into the street. Before the old man ca aim the Peugeot is speeding down the street.
8) 5) dialog: You're always pointing out my negative qualities. My analyst says positive reinforcement is a much more productive way of relating with people.
9) 0) text: A narrow street. Daniel carries the cardboard tube as he with Julien and Raymond. They enter a WAREHOUSE.
10) 3) dialog: A Black Panther was a member of an African American militant group in the sixties, Marcel. I think you're referring to The Pink Panther.
10) 5) dialog: There's no reason to be abusive. You're projecting your anger on me as a defense mechanism.
10) 7) dialog: I'm talking about human beings communicating openly and honestly.
10) 13) text: A beat. Raymond and Marcel stare at one another.     We H GROANING SOUND in the b.g.
10) 24) dialog: Maybe he did misplace it.
14) 0) text: Daniel sits with Julien.    At the end of the bar Raymond pay phone.
14) 1) dialog: (in French) Yes, Mama. Yes, I have my vitamins. I have everything. Of course I'm coming back. I'm not leaving you. I'm only going to be gone a few days. I'll call you when I get there. Okay? I've got to go now. (listens) Mama, I've got to go. (listens) No, I'm not yelling.
14) 28) text: Sami leans over to Raymond.
14) 30) dialog: Feel free to correct him if you want.
18) 15) text: Raymond steps forward and places his hand on Lamar's arm.
18) 16) dialog: Lamar, violence is never an answer to settling disputes. I can see you have a lot of anger... but this is not the way to get it out.
20) 5) text: Raymond walks over to him.
20) 12) text: Raymond looks at the television and sees a cartoon show.
20) 13) dialog: Oh, Pepe Le Pew. He is very funny and quite well known in France.
20) 15) dialog: Although a cartoon I feel he shares a universal theme: We are all searching for love. No?
23) 8) dialog: No problem.
25) 6) dialog: I will talk to them.
25) 10) dialog: It's just a matter of communication.
25) 11) text: Raymond leaves.
26) 0) text: Raymond walks towards a door at the end of the building. grows louder. He KNOCKS on the door and waits. It is open very large man... a biker type, leather jacket, full bear long earrings hanging from his ear. He is holding a BEER Behind him are two other rough-looking men.
26) 4) dialog: (cheerfully; loudly over the music) Hello. My name is Raymond. I am visiting next door and I was wondering if you could make your music a little less loud.
26) 7) dialog: But the music is very--
26) 8) text: Before Raymond can finish his sentence the Biker pours hi over Raymond's head.
26) 10) text: He slams the door in Raymond's face.
30) 0) text: Marcel enters.   Wayne is on the couch with Raymond.
34) 0) text: A car drives up. We can only see the outline of an old Ch Impala. Two men get out of the car, leaving the engine ru they head for the liquor store. Across the street Raymond is checking out a Buick LaSabre stops when he sees the flashing alarm light on the dashbo looks across the street and sees the Impala.
38) 0) text: The crew steps out to find Raymond in the IMPALA. We can clearer now. It's a low rider car. Bright orange flames a painted on the side, wire wheels and chrome exhaust pipes
38) 3) text: Raymond pushes a button and the hydraulics make the car b and down. Sami rolls his eyes as the others get into the ACROSS THE STREET -- Lamar is standing in the shadows wit his friends, watching.
42) 1) dialog: I think we went the wrong way.
51) 0) text: Raymond waits in the Impala.    He can't resist using the raising the car up and down.
58) 0) text: The crew arrives to find Raymond still playing with the h of the Impala. They get in.
73) 5) dialog: She took everything!    Didn't even leave us cab fare.
73) 29) dialog: What?
73) 46) dialog: Yeah.   We just go home.
73) 48) dialog: I agree with Marcel. I say we go to the airport and get on a plane.
73) 52) dialog: How are we going to do that?
75) 3) text: Raphael stares at it as he thinks about his own car. ON HECTOR. We see the Impala pull up beside them.       R driving. Daniel, Sami and Zero are with him. Hector glances over and sees the Impala. Raymond smiles a and nods. Hector slowly nods back. He looks over at Rapha is still looking out the window. The light turns green. The Impala turns right.     Raphae over at a confused Hector.
76) 0) text: A motel like any other.   Sami stands outside the office Raymond and Zero.
76) 1) dialog: How do we know what room she's in?
79) 3) text: Sami feigns a smile. Zero checks the bathroom to make sur alone. He looks at Daniel and shake his head. Raymond fin black canvas bag on the dresser and checks the contents.
79) 4) dialog: The money isn't here.
80) 6) dialog: What is she doing with an agent du FBI?
82) 13) dialog: No one has mentioned the part of the plan about us getting caught and going to prison.
83) 0) text: Daniel, Sami, Raymond and Zero walk to the Impala.
83) 11) dialog: She probably hid it at her place.    The six of us could find it in --
85) 0) text: Marcel, Julien and Wayne are waiting as the Impala drives Raymond hops out of the car.
85) 1) dialog: I would like to thank you for your hospitality. (hands him a card) If you are ever in Paris here is my number.
85) 3) text: Marcel grabs Raymond and leads him back to the car.    Da Lamar standing across the street.
86) 22) text: Hadley sees the phone number Raymond gave Wayne on the co He puts it in his pocket and stares at Wayne, then just f hell of it gives him one last kick in the ribs.
89) 0) text: Raymond is on the phone.
89) 1) dialog: (in French) I know Mama, but I couldn't call you yesterday we were very busy. (listens) No, nothing's more important than you. (listens) I don't know. I think I'm going to have to stay a few more days.
89) 12) text: Raymond hangs up the phone and joins the others.
89) 31) dialog: It's simple. Bastaldi's moving up. He's closing down his operation and this is his way of saying thanks to all of us.
93) 10) dialog: Julien, what you're doing right now is a very normal psychological reaction to stress. You're projecting your anger onto us.
95) 4) dialog: Why not just steal another one?
99) 0) text: Sami moves through a crowd of PEOPLE. He looks around unt sees a man who looks remarkably similar to Raymond. Sami into him and lifts his wallet.
106) 0) text: Raymond and Julien approach the counter.   Raymond is ner
106) 1) dialog: (in French) I am not comfortable with this.   I'm not a good liar.
106) 5) dialog: Hello. I am Robert M. Carney from Dayton, Ohio and I would like to rent a car with my visa gold card.
106) 6) text: Raymond smiles, a big, friendly, completely over exaggera Julien looks at him and rolls his eyes. The Rental Agent down to the end of the counter and dials a number on the
110) 0) text: The Rental Agent walks back over to Raymond and Julien.
111) 0) text: A Lincoln pulls up. Zammito gets out and walks over to th WISEGUYS in another Town Car. One of the Wiseguys points window of the rental agency. Zammito looks at Raymond and
112) 2) dialog: (in French) I'm the driver.
112) 4) text: Raymond nods and gets in the passenger seat.
114) 2) dialog: (in French) This is the only American car you've ever driven.
121) 0) text: Raymond looks over at Julien.
124) 4) dialog: (in French) I knew I should have driven.
128) 0) text: The Cadillac turns the corner. The Lincoln follows. The t is heavier here. The cars have to slow down. The Lincoln beside them again. Raymond fires his last shot. His gun h empty. Several rounds of gun fire come from the Lincoln.
129) 1) dialog: (in French) What are we going to --
131) 5) dialog: (in French) I'm not going to leave you.
131) 7) text: Raymond knows he's right.   The car races into the next t
131) 9) text: Raymond opens the door. He jumps out.
133) 0) text: The Lincoln slams on it's brakes in the middle of an inte Raymond is dazed from his fall. He gets up slowly, his pa and sees..
135) 0) text: Raymond limps into the street oblivious to the oncoming t He stares sadly at Julien.
136) 0) text: Zero and Marcel are checking over the guns. Daniel writes notes on a pad of paper. Sami appears nervous as he sits the side. The door opens. Raymond limps into the room. His face is bruised, his pants torn, legs scraped. He stands there, s at them through empty eyes. Daniel looks at the door expectantly.   He knows the answ he asks the question.
136) 2) text: Raymond's face fills with sadness.   He shakes his.
136) 12) dialog: He's right. Do you have any idea what Van Gogh's "Vase with twelve Sunflowers" is worth?
137) 0) text: Agent Hadley sits on his couch, deep in thought. He glanc the paper with Raymond's phone number on the coffee table He gets an idea. He picks up his phone and dials.
140) 4) dialog: What are we going to do, take a taxi?
143) 2) dialog: Why do I always have to answer the phone?
143) 4) dialog: I'm not any closer than you are.
145) 2) dialog: I'm just setting my boundaries.
145) 3) text: Daniel looks at Raymond and sighs, then gets up and lifts receiver.
145) 8) dialog: Why do I have to pick up the tapes.
146) 2) text: The manager runs away. Agent Hadley inserts the key and o door. His face fills with fear as he sees... AGENT HADLEY'S POV -- Daniel, Marcel, Raymond and Zero ar other side, their guns pointed at Hadley's head.
148) 0) text: Daniel, Raymond, Marcel and Zero step into the hall. The they do the elevator doors at the end of the hall open. T Wiseguys step out and see them. The door to the room next to theirs opens and a LITTLE GI dressed in a pink dress steps out.
161) 0) text: Small. Filled with cheap furniture. A small kitchenette i to the side of the room. Zero lays on the bed. Daniel use belt as tourniquet to slow the bleeding. Raymond sits at staring at the black canvas bag containing the cash and t Marcel is in the kitchenette.
161) 11) text: Raymond cuts the pant leg away. Daniel walks over to Marc is standing over the gas range. Over the flame is a tire the metal tip glowing red hot. Sami opens the bag and rem some white bread.
161) 26) text: Daniel uses a towel to pick up the tire wrench and walks the bed. Sami and Raymond grimace as they think about wha to happen.
163) 0) text: Zero is passed out, a half empty Vodka bottle on the nigh The others have been up all night. Raymond is across the from Sami.
163) 1) dialog: The new Beaujolais' come out in France next week. You like wine?
163) 5) dialog: Glenmorangie is very good.
163) 6) text: Sami realizes that Raymond wants to talk about something. anything... that will get his mind of the events that hav them here.
163) 11) text: Raymond forces a weak smile. Daniel who has been watching grabs a few things off the table.
168) 0) text: Zero and Raymond are sleeping. We hear the shower running bathroom. Sami is at the table. The black canvas bag cont the tapes is on the table. Sami removes the identical can he bought at the store from under the bed and places it o table. He takes the original and leaves.
170) 0) text: Daniel enters to find Zero and Raymond still sleeping. He at the black canvas bag on the table. Marcel steps out of bathroom wrapped in a towel.
178) 0) text: Raymond knocks on the door.   Vinny answers it, his arm i
178) 1) dialog: Mr. Zammito?
178) 3) dialog: I represent a person who wishes to remain anonymous, but is aware of your current financial problems with your brother.
178) 5) dialog: I understand. The person who sent me wishes to help you.
178) 7) dialog: You see that car?
178) 10) dialog: It's yours. A gift. A gift you could give to your brother... or anyone you owe money to as partial payment.
178) 12) dialog: The papers for the car will arrive tomorrow.
183) 0) text: Sami, Marcel and Raymond help Zero out of the taxi and to small plane. Off to the side Bonanno is standing with Hal Tony. Daniel walks over to him.
195) 0) text: Bastaldi steps outside into the crisp morning air.    He steps, then stops. BASTALDI POV -- across the street, standing side by side Sami, Raymond, Marcel and Zero. They look like a ragged b tired, dirty. We PAN across the faces of each one of them stare at Bastaldi. A BUS goes by blocking Bastaldi's view of the boys.   Whe the crew it gone! Bastaldi bites his lip nervously.    Bastaldi looks aroun is no sign of them.
195) 3) dialog: What's he doing?
200) 0) text: The rowboat hugs the shore, moving slowly down the river. is on the shore with Raymond. Raymond reaches out with a pole and pulls the boat to shore. Marcel opens the case. are several stacks of five hundred franc notes. Marcel lo Raymond with a grin and nods. Raymond opens his cell phon
201) 1) dialog: We're in business.
207) 0) text: Daniel, Raymond, Sami, Raymond, Marcel and Zero watch the wreckage. Their blank faces show no emotion -- just a sen justice has been done.
207) 3) text: Raymond opens the suitcase and looks inside. As he peels the stacks of money we see that only the top bill of each real -- underneath them all is white paper, cut to the sa as the bills. Everyone turns to Marcel.
208) 10) dialog: No. I think they have a right to express their anger with you in light of the fact that you're... (something in him snaps) A FUCKIN' MORON! HOW COULD YOU NOT CHECK THE MONEY, YOU GOD DAMN STUPID SHIT-HEAD!
208) 11) text: Raymond's anger takes everyone by surprise.     Even Raym surprised by his outburst.