14) 11) text: The door opens. ZERO enters. No one knows his last name. 40's, blonde hair, leather jacket, black pants. Looks mor rock-star than a criminal. His eyes are flat and there is intensity about him that is unnerving. Zero casually nods Daniel. Zero stares at Sami as Daniel leads him over.
14) 14) text: Sami laughs at his little joke. The others cringe. One lo Zero's eyes tells Sami what everyone else already knows: not someone to fuck with. Julien puts his arm around Sami leads him away from the others.
14) 16) dialog: (in French) So, we are going to America?
14) 18) dialog: Where are you from?
14) 20) dialog: And you don't speak French?
14) 25) dialog: (overlapping) -- Zero isn't interested in your life story. (to Daniel) Who gets killed?
14) 27) dialog: (confused) No one? Then why is Zero here?
14) 32) dialog: And if there is, then Zero can kill someone?
16) 2) text: Zero doesn't like it. He pushes the button returning to t song and stares at Marcel. Marcel, not to be outdone retu Hallyday song. Like two children they click the buttons o radio, switching back and forth between Renaud and Hallyd Bastaldi has had enough.
16) 4) text: He turns off the radio. A long beat. Marcel, like a child has to have the last word starts singing to himself quiet loud enough for Zero to hear.
18) 4) text: The taxi speeds off, leaving them standing on the sidewal bags in a pile. Suddenly, from out of nowhere three BLACK appear and walk over. Daniel looks behind him and sees an two approaching from the rear. Zero calmly sits down on o the suitcases.
18) 23) text: Zero is still sitting on one of the suitcases.
18) 24) dialog: Va te faire foutre!
18) 27) dialog: We are tired and bored with your bullshit. So, put that stupid little knife away before Zero shoves it up your ass.
18) 33) dialog: If you insist.
18) 34) text: Zero stands up and raises his hand.   He is holding a .9m He aims it at Lamar's head. Lamar's brave exterior quickly fades now that he is looki the barrel of the gun. The rest of his gang turns and run Zero aims the gun at his groin.
18) 35) dialog: Leave now before Zero shoots off those little raisins you call balls.
18) 36) text: Lamar runs away. Daniel and the others smile at Zero as t up their bags and walk towards a building.
18) 39) text: Zero is left with Sami who stares at him with disbelief.
18) 41) dialog: Zero did not put it in his bag.    He put it in yours.
18) 42) text: Zero grins and walks away.
21) 20) dialog: Idiot.
21) 21) text: Zero grins as he puts a cigarette in his mouth.     The w it out of his mouth.
21) 23) dialog: (in French) No smoking? No drinking?       What kind of country is this?
25) 4) dialog: How are we supposed to sleep with this noise?
33) 0) text: Julien and Zero are playing cards at the back of the room sitting by himself sorting through a BLACK CANVAS BAG fil shoes. Sophie joins him. Sami pulls another pair of shoes the canvas bag.
46) 3) text: Julien and Zero move around to the side of the house as D Sami and Marcel wait in the shadows.
47) 0) text: Julien places a retractable ladder against the wall and c He pries open the window and climbs in. Zero follows.
48) 0) text: Dark. Julien makes his way to the door and repeats the pr with another alarm panel. Zero sits on the corner of the waits patiently. Julien turns off the hall alarm and nods Zero speed dials a number on his cell phone.
48) 1) dialog: We're in.
50) 0) text: Julien and Zero wait for them. We hear a toilet flush. Th to the bathroom opens and a man steps out. In an instant and Zero jump him. The others enter and quickly join in t the man.
52) 0) text: The lights are on. The room is an interior designers nigh Clashing colors, zebra skin bedspread. We move along Dani Marcel, Julien and Zero as they stare at something. THEIR POV -- Tied to a chair, his mouth taped shut, is a Frankie Zammito. He yells, his voice muffled by the tape, it's not hard to understand what he's saying.
56) 28) text: Zero who has been standing quietly by the window sees som across the street. A flash. Light reflecting off glass. H a pair of night vision binoculars out of one of the bags out the window. ZERO'S POV -- of Agent Hadley and the other FBI Agent wat him.
56) 29) dialog: We are being watched.
56) 39) text: Marcel and Zero nod.   Daniel looks to Julien who appears
56) 47) text: Zero grins then tapes his mouth closed again.
73) 45) dialog: Oh, you think it's that easy?
75) 3) text: Raphael stares at it as he thinks about his own car. ON HECTOR. We see the Impala pull up beside them.       R driving. Daniel, Sami and Zero are with him. Hector glances over and sees the Impala. Raymond smiles a and nods. Hector slowly nods back. He looks over at Rapha is still looking out the window. The light turns green. The Impala turns right.     Raphae over at a confused Hector.
76) 0) text: A motel like any other.   Sami stands outside the office Raymond and Zero.
77) 5) text: Sami nods and walks outside. Through the window we see hi with the others. A beat. Sami steps back inside with Zero
77) 7) text: Before he can finish the sentence Zero has his gun out an under the clerks jaw.
79) 3) text: Sami feigns a smile. Zero checks the bathroom to make sur alone. He looks at Daniel and shake his head. Raymond fin black canvas bag on the dresser and checks the contents.
80) 0) text: A knock on the door. Sami clamps his hand over Sophie's m just in case she gets any stupid ideas. Daniel opens the Agent Hadley steps in, stares at Daniel, then feels the b Zero's gun pressed against his head.
80) 3) text: Hadley steps into the room. Daniel closes the door. Zero him. Finds a gun which he gives to Daniel, then a wallet. opens it and sees his FBI identification.
80) 5) text: Zero knowingly bends down and removes Hadley's backup gun strapped to his ankle. He gives the gun to Sami.
80) 13) dialog: What does arresting us get them?
80) 16) text: Daniel motions to Zero.
80) 18) text: Zero stares at Hadley, just waiting for Daniel to give hi ahead.
80) 22) text: Daniel nods.   Zero aims his gun at Hadley's knee cap.
83) 0) text: Daniel, Sami, Raymond and Zero walk to the Impala.
83) 2) dialog: You want Zero to kill him?
83) 7) dialog: What about the money?
83) 9) dialog: We don't know that for sure.
89) 2) text: Daniel, Sami and Julien sit at a table. Marcel stares out window sadly. Zero is flipping through the television cha
89) 33) text: Zero turns to another channel. A news broadcast.     We s shot photo of SAMI on the screen.
89) 34) dialog: Hey Sami, you're on TV.
89) 35) text: Zero turns up the volume.
95) 11) dialog: And how do we do that?
103) 14) text: The black guy steps aside.   Daniel and Zero enter.
104) 13) text: The black guy get on his hands and knees and starts looki the gun under the bed. As he does Daniel glances over at with a look. Ellwood aims his gun at Zero.
104) 15) text: Zero opens his coat and reveals his .9mm.
104) 26) text: Ellwood is confused. Daniel bolts to his left. Ellwood's leave Lamar for a moment -- it's a moment too long. In a movement Zero has his gun out and fires one shot into Ell forehead. Ellwood slumps down on the bed, dead. The black guy who h nothing continues searching under the bed. Zero casually the suitcase filled with guns and hands it to Daniel. The out of the room. Lamar stands there, stunned, then quickl after them. A beat. The black guy pops up with Daniel's gun oblivious has transpired in the room.
105) 0) text: Daniel pushes Lamar out the door. Zero steps out behind h stares at Lamar for a long moment, then hands him the env
136) 0) text: Zero and Marcel are checking over the guns. Daniel writes notes on a pad of paper. Sami appears nervous as he sits the side. The door opens. Raymond limps into the room. His face is bruised, his pants torn, legs scraped. He stands there, s at them through empty eyes. Daniel looks at the door expectantly.   He knows the answ he asks the question.
136) 20) dialog: (strongly) No.
136) 21) text: Everyone looks to Zero.
136) 22) dialog: They killed our friend. It's personal now. Besides, if we do that, then Julien died for nothing. The tapes are the key.
146) 2) text: The manager runs away. Agent Hadley inserts the key and o door. His face fills with fear as he sees... AGENT HADLEY'S POV -- Daniel, Marcel, Raymond and Zero ar other side, their guns pointed at Hadley's head.
148) 0) text: Daniel, Raymond, Marcel and Zero step into the hall. The they do the elevator doors at the end of the hall open. T Wiseguys step out and see them. The door to the room next to theirs opens and a LITTLE GI dressed in a pink dress steps out.
150) 0) text: As Marcel steps through he sees the crew all aiming their him. Daniel gets an idea. As Zero holds off the Wiseguys the doorway, Daniel goes to the adjoining door on the oth of the suite. He shoots off the lock.
157) 0) text: The door flies open as the Crew runs across the lot.   Sa already started the Impala and is waiting for them. A moment later the stairwell door opens and the Wiseguys guns blazing. The Crew heads for the Impala, shooting behind them as th Nicky "The Rake"" shoots. Zero is hit in the leg. He falls to the ground, then roll side behind a parked car. He fights through the pain, pro up and begins to shoot back. Two Wiseguys step out to flank Zero. Zero takes aim and s one. He lines up on the other Wiseguy and pulls the trigg Click! His gun his empty.
157) 3) text: Daniel and Marcel run towards Zero, firing their guns as they can pull the trigger. Marcel takes aim and fires. The Wiseguy's dive for cover as Marcel blazes away until is empty. We hear tires screeching as the Impala backs up. The Wiseguys shoot, blowing out the back window.     They Marcel and Zero. Daniel runs forward with two guns firing at the wiseguys. nears Marcel he throws the extra gun to him. SLOW MOTION :on the gun as it flies through the air. SLOW MOTION: One of the WISEGUYS has almost circle around SLOW MOTION: on the gun has it flies through the air. REAL TIME -- ON MARCEL: He looks to his left just as the arrives. It hits him on the forehead and knocks him down. Daniel fires a few SHOTS driving the Wiseguy back. He run and with Marcel's help they grab Zero and help him to the They dive into the back seat. The car screeches forward a out of the garage. Silence. The staircase door opens and an exhausted Joey " steps out, gasping for air.
158) 2) text: Daniel stares at him.   A beat.     Zero grins, saying th
161) 0) text: Small. Filled with cheap furniture. A small kitchenette i to the side of the room. Zero lays on the bed. Daniel use belt as tourniquet to slow the bleeding. Raymond sits at staring at the black canvas bag containing the cash and t Marcel is in the kitchenette.
161) 2) text: Zero smiles. Sami enters carrying a shopping bag.      He on the counter.
161) 4) dialog: And the Vodka.
161) 5) text: Sami removes the items from the bag. He opens the bottle it to Zero who quickly gulps down a few mouthfuls.
161) 7) dialog: And be careful when you get near the top. Zero has a very long one.
161) 28) text: Zero nods. Daniel takes the bottle of Vodka and pours som the wound. Zero flinches. Daniel looks at Marcel, then re the belt. Blood flows from the wound. Marcel presses the poker against the wound. Zero grunts, but does not scream face contorts violently from the pain.
163) 0) text: Zero is passed out, a half empty Vodka bottle on the nigh The others have been up all night. Raymond is across the from Sami.
168) 0) text: Zero and Raymond are sleeping. We hear the shower running bathroom. Sami is at the table. The black canvas bag cont the tapes is on the table. Sami removes the identical can he bought at the store from under the bed and places it o table. He takes the original and leaves.
170) 0) text: Daniel enters to find Zero and Raymond still sleeping. He at the black canvas bag on the table. Marcel steps out of bathroom wrapped in a towel.
183) 0) text: Sami, Marcel and Raymond help Zero out of the taxi and to small plane. Off to the side Bonanno is standing with Hal Tony. Daniel walks over to him.
195) 0) text: Bastaldi steps outside into the crisp morning air.    He steps, then stops. BASTALDI POV -- across the street, standing side by side Sami, Raymond, Marcel and Zero. They look like a ragged b tired, dirty. We PAN across the faces of each one of them stare at Bastaldi. A BUS goes by blocking Bastaldi's view of the boys.   Whe the crew it gone! Bastaldi bites his lip nervously.    Bastaldi looks aroun is no sign of them.
195) 8) dialog: Zero can't stay like this much longer. His leg is hurting.
199) 0) text: Daniel, Sami and Zero watch the houseboat.   Daniel conti conversation on the cell phone.
201) 0) text: Daniel, Sami and Zero continue to watch the houseboat. cell phone rings. He answers it and listens.
207) 0) text: Daniel, Raymond, Sami, Raymond, Marcel and Zero watch the wreckage. Their blank faces show no emotion -- just a sen justice has been done.
208) 8) dialog: If you say baseball one more time Zero will shoot you.