18) 1) dialog: Jackie?! Where's Jackie? She rises -- as ATTORNEY GENERAL ROBERT KENNEDY, his face streaked with tears -- comes rushing down the aisle
18) 4) text: (to AF Officer) Mrs. Kennedy and I will ride with the casket. In the ambulance. 21. O'Brien pulls Bobby aside, but still in earshot of Jackie
18) 6) dialog: The exit?
18) 8) dialog: (to O'Brien) He can exit however he wants. We're leaving now.
19) 0) text: Jackie and Bobby sit on either side of the CASKET. of calm after the frenzy at Andrews. Suddenly, it occurs to her --
19) 2) dialog: We can sort that all out later.
19) 4) dialog: I'm not sure it can be. For a Head of State... Bobby's exhausted.
19) 6) dialog: Jackie...
19) 8) dialog: (to Driver, upset) Hey! Slow down. They sit in silence, staring straight ahead.
20) 2) text: Jackie walks down the hospital hall, drawn toward the aut room. But Bobby retrieves her...
20) 3) dialog: Jackie, Jackie... 23.
20) 18) dialog: I know. Hey let’s turn this off. Bobby turns off the television. And now -- he whispers to Jackie, his own rage boiling over...
20) 19) dialog: They want a show of grief. They’re already asking about funeral arrangements! Jackie storms towards the operating room. At the last moment, right as the door opens and she sees body of her husband, she CRIES out -- and Bobby pulls her back. He holds her, consoling her. Later -- everyone sits the waiting room, once again watch the news.
21) 0) text: The ambulance carrying the PRESIDENT'S CASKET now winds through the darkened streets of our nation's Capital. Next to Jackie in the back of the ambulance, Bobby is in daze.
21) 1) dialog: Lyndon's people are claiming I told him to take the oath in Dallas. Asshole couldn't wait and now they’re blaming me for it. Jackie looks out at the glowing MONUMENTS, passing rows o AMERICAN FLAGS outside government offices, all flying at mast. Suddenly Jackie lowers the glass barrier separating them the DRIVER.
28) 0) text: The room has been transformed into a hall of mourning. Walton has added some additional touches since the night before -- looping BLACK CREPE along the molding, a catafa where the Shakespeare stage would have stood. Jackie is seated with Caroline, John Jr, and Bobby. (Present are once again Jackie's parents, Janet and Hugh Auchincloss, and her half-brother JAMES AUCHINCLOSS. But KENNEDY CLAN is now also here in full. Bobby and Ethel, TEDDY and JOAN, PAT and her husband PETER, and their moth ROSE. Behind the family are close aides O'Brien, O'Donnel and Powers, along with their wives.) John Jr, a restless boy, gets up and walks through the ro with a mischievous smile. Bobby follows, scoops him up and returns him to their sea Jackie holds John Jr’s hand and pulls Caroline closer. A beat -- as Jackie clocks the anguish and pity on the fa around her. She lowers her eyes unable to bear it.
29) 0) text: The immediate family has retired to the White House Residence. Jackie stands with Bobby and Rose, the matriarch of the Kennedy clan. Caroline and John Jr. play with Maude nearb
29) 1) dialog: That was a beautiful mass. Jackie is drained and exhausted. The adrenaline of the previous day and night has long since worn off. And now Bobby notices -- across the room, President Johns aide, Jack Valenti, waits in the doorway. BOBBY (CONT’D) Excuse me, mother. Jackie. 33. As Bobby crosses the room and confers with Valenti, Jacki remains in her reverie. Rose turns to her...
29) 6) dialog: (impatient, dismissive) I'll talk to her, but she makes the call.
29) 8) dialog: What do you want me to do first -- plan the funeral or pack the furniture?
29) 13) dialog: Your President?
29) 15) dialog: Well, regardless of what happens, my brother is going to be carried in a box.
29) 17) dialog: Fuck off, Jack.
32) 0) text: Bobby sits behind press coverage... Here he Bobby looks up to Bobby? Here he again.
33) 1) text: A motorcade of BLACK LINCOLNS winds through the rows of graves, finally pulling to a stop. Jackie strides forth under a canopy of umbrellas, accompa by Bobby and Walton. She's greeted by the cemetery's SUPERINTENDENT JOHN METZL soaked to the bone.
34) 2) dialog: What do you think Ken?
34) 5) dialog: Jackie?! But she ignores him. Bobby grabs an umbrella, struggling follow and keep her under cover. BOBBY (CONT’D) Where are we going?
34) 7) dialog: Watch your step. She stumbles. BOBBY (CONT’D) Are you alright?
34) 53) text: Max Casella, Beth Grant, Peter Sarsgaard, Natalie Portman 40. Jackie walks with Bobby through the cemetery.
34) 54) dialog: I think maybe you should talk to a Priest.
34) 56) dialog: No. You let Dave handle that.
36) 0) text: Jackie and Bobby talk outside in the cold.
36) 1) dialog: We've found beds for almost all the family. Truman is at Blair House. There was a brief crisis about him not having a driver, but Ike offered his. (beat) We're running a bed and breakfast. They share the faintest hint of a smile.
36) 2) dialog: Lyndon just wants to move into the Oval. He wants to address Congress. I'll hold him off as long as I can. But it has to happen sooner or later. Jackie doesn't answer, digesting the inevitable. Treading lightly --
36) 3) dialog: Jackie... They're worried about an outdoor procession. They think it's a security risk. Everyone's spooked. Apparently even State's discouraging foreign dignitaries from attending. Jackie doesn’t respond. Trying to reason with her
36) 6) dialog: It's eight city blocks to Saint Matthews. That's a long way to be strolling through crowds. (beat) All those rooftops. All those windows... Bobby trails off. Jackie holds his gaze.
46) 0) text: President Johnson, Lady Bird, Bobby, Ethel, and the rest the Kennedy family wait for Jackie and the children. Like the rest of the country, they watch the news...
48) 5) dialog: Turn the television off! (he does) You're not to speak a word of this. Understood? I'll tell Jackie when the time is right. The group remains frozen in horror. BOBBY (CONT’D) (to Johnson) sit down.
48) 7) dialog: sit down.
54) 0) text: The caisson comes to a stop at the base of the SENATE STE the trail of LIMOUSINES just behind. An HONOR GUARD and a NAVY BAND wait to receive them. The doors of the limousines open, and Jackie steps out, a with Caroline, John Jr and Bobby. President Johnson and Lady Bird emerge from the next car, take up position beside them. Jackie turns to the new PRESIDENT...
56) 0) text: Jackie and Caroline follow the casket to the catafalque. Bobby helps John Jr to a seat in the first row. The HONOR GUARD steps aside and the room silently watches Jackie kneels, and Caroline kneels beside her. Jackie presses her lips gently against the flag. Caroline follows.
56) 3) dialog: Jackie-- She charges toward him. He hangs up the phone --
56) 5) dialog: We don't know--
56) 7) dialog: We didn't know any of the details. And the ceremony at the Capitol... We had to keep moving--
56) 9) dialog: Are you-- 59.
56) 13) dialog: That's not fair...
56) 15) dialog: I would never put you at risk--
56) 18) dialog: We would never put you and your children in--
56) 20) dialog: --Listen to me.
56) 22) dialog: I would never put you and the children in danger.
60) 0) text: Jackie sits at the edge of Lincoln's arched mahogany bed, staring up at the portrait of Mary Todd that hangs above Outside, the sun is setting. Bobby enters the doorway.
60) 1) dialog: I spoke to Johnson. (beat) Tomorrow...it's being handled.
60) 2) text: Everyone will ride. No procession. Jackie nods. Bobby slowly sits beside her, utterly defeat
60) 5) dialog: What?
60) 8) dialog: Peaceful? (beat) Every time I walk by this room I'm reminded that on January 1, 1863, an ordinary man signed a document that freed four million people from slavery. (beat) So I don’t think of it so much as ‘peaceful’, but as a place of profound legacy. (beat) And it’s too bad that ours is totally fucking wasted. He turns to leave.
60) 11) dialog: What did we accomplish?! We're just the beautiful people? Is that what we are?!
60) 13) dialog: What did we truly accomplish? Maybe Jack will be remembered for the way he handled the missile crisis. Or maybe he’1l be remembered for creating the crisis in the first place... He sits next to her. BOBBY (CONT’D) We could have done so much. Civil Rights, the space program. vietnam... (beat) We teed up Vietnam. Now Johnson gets to knock it down. (beat, one more regret) I shouldn’t have pushed him so hard on Castro.
60) 15) dialog: What's wrong with you? He stands.
60) 17) dialog: History is harsh. We're ridiculous. Look at you... As he walks away...
60) 18) dialog: I'm sorry.
63) 0) text: Jackie throws a heap of her dresses into a box. She tapes the box closed - but the tape catches on her wedding ring. Angry, shaking, she struggles to take the ring off. Jackie swallows a pill. She catches a glimpse of herself in the mirror. Lingers.. INT. BOBBY’S OFFICE - WHITE HOUSE Johnson's top aide, Jack Valenti unpacks his belongings i Bobby’s old office. He's interrupted by --
65) 0) text: The caisson comes to a stop in front of the White House. ANGLE UP to Jackie, peering out at the assembled crowd. JACKIE'S POV -- looking down on Bobby and Ethel. Ted and Joan, Janet and Hugh Auchincloss. Sargent and Eunice Shriver. O’Brien, O'Donnell, and Powers. President and Lady Bird Johnson. Behind them is a pantheon of foreign leaders. De Gaulle, EMPEROR HAILE SELASSIE of Ethiopia, PRINCE PHILLIP, DUKE
69) 0) text: Jackie continues to lead the march. Bobby flanking her. Mourners watching from the windows. Hats over their heart
96) 0) text: Jackie is seated between President Kennedy and Bobby. Pablo Casals finishes his performance of Felix Mendelssoh Piano Trio No. 1 in D minor, Op. 49. A standing ovation. Jackie gives Casals her gloved hand to kiss.