0) 1) text: JACKIE KENNEDY. Jet-black bouffant, regal bearing, perfec symmetrical features. But the light behind her eyes has gone out. She walks alone, shuddering against a frigid wind. FADE TO BLACK. SUPER: Hyannis Port, Massachusetts 1963
1) 0) text: Jackie -- black trim slacks, beige pullover sweater -- pa at the window. Finally, a cab pulls into the driveway.
2) 8) dialog: Have you read what they've been writing? Krock and Merriman and all the rest?
2) 12) dialog: You understand that I will be editing this conversation? (beat) Just in case I don’t say exactly what I mean.
2) 15) dialog: Exactly. Come in.
3) 0) text: Jackie and the Journalist sit across from each other at a table. She smokes a cigarette, lost in the horrible memor
3) 1) dialog: I thought it was another backfire. (beat) I very nearly didn’t go. What if I'd been here, or out riding in Virginia somewhere? (beat) Thank God I was with him... She trails off.
3) 3) dialog: Do you know what I think of history?
3) 5) dialog: I've read a great deal. More than people realize. The more I read, the more I wonder: When something is written down, does that make it true?
3) 7) dialog: Had. We have television now. Now people can see with their own eyes.
3) 9) dialog: I didn’t do that program for me. I did it for the American people.
3) 11) dialog: Thank you. An afterthought...
3) 15) dialog: What did you say?
3) 17) dialog: Are you giving me professional advice? He shakes his head, embarrassed...
3) 19) dialog: I can assure you -- not television. She takes another drag of her cigarette.
4) 0) text: Jackie is a year younger -- at the height of her legendar beauty -- wearing a floor-length, scarlet gown.
4) 1) dialog: Welcome to the White House. Behind her are LIGHTS and BOOM MIC’s -- a full-blown TELEVISION PRODUCTION. She stands face to face with NANCY TUCKERMAN, her social secretary. Life-long friends, Nancy is Jackie's less stylish, less successful sister. Displeased with the sound of her voice, Jackie lifts her shoulders, her posture more erect. She tries again.
4) 4) dialog: Welcome to the people's house. We're so proud to call it home. (beat) Better? Nancy nods.
4) 5) dialog: When will Jack join us?
4) 7) dialog: They think I’m a fool -- one year in office, wasting their money.
4) 10) dialog: Stay close.
4) 16) dialog: (playful) Yes, it's attic and the cellar all in one. Since our work started we received hundreds of letters every day. This is where we evaluate all of the finds and see if we want to keep them if they'll fit into our budget.
4) 18) text: Before we look at some of the changes you've made...What's your basic plan? A beat, as Jackie considers her motivation. And then, fro the heart -
4) 19) dialog: Well, I really don't have one. Because I think this house will always grow and should. It just seemed to me such a shame when we came here, to find hardly anything of the past in the house. Hardly anything before 19-2. off-camera Nancy looks at her notes, nodding along to Jackie's words.
4) 21) dialog: Well if they don’t want it...in the past, you see, they could sell it or throw it out.
5) 0) text: Jackie continues the interview with the Journalist.
5) 2) dialog: I raised every dime privately that we spent on that restoration. I loved that house and wanted to share it with the American people. To impart a sense of America’s greatness. (beat) (MORE )
5) 5) dialog: Imagine a little boy surrounded by all this. Having his older brother die in battle and then going off to that same war and coming home a hero. People see that little boy, born to wealth, privilege, willing to sacrifice everything for his ideals and service to his nation.
5) 7) dialog: Well for royalty you need tradition. And for tradition you need time.
6) 0) text: Jackie and Collingswood now stand in the sprawling East R
6) 4) dialog: That's right this piano was designed by Franklin Roosevelt with the Eagle’s Support. (beat) And this is the end of the room where Pablo Casals played for us, where we had a portable stage built for us, when we had the Shakespeare Players.
6) 7) dialog: That's so complicated. I-I don't know. (beat) I just think that everything in the White House should be the best.
7) 0) text: The East Room at its most glamorous. 10. Jackie is seated in the first row of an audience listenin Pablo Casals play Felix Mendelssohn's Piano Trio No. 1 in minor, Op. 49. Jackie is transfixed. Happy.
8) 0) text: Nancy watches Jackie speak to Collingswood.
8) 1) dialog: And if it's an American company that you can help, I like to do that. If it’s not...Just as long as it's the best.
9) 0) text: PUSH IN on Jackie, basking in Casal’s performance. captivated. The final note. The music ends.
10) 2) dialog: I'd prefer to discuss my faith with a priest. You're not a man of the cloth, are you?
10) 4) dialog: The truth? Well I’ve grown accustomed to a great divide between what people believe and what I know to be real. ll.
10) 6) dialog: That's more like it. You know I used to be a reporter myself once. I know what you're looking for.
10) 8) dialog: A moment-by-moment account. That’s what you came her for, isn’t it? (beat) You want me to describe the sound the bullet made when it collided with my husband's skull.
11) 1) text: Jackie applies makeup in the mirror while practicing a sp in Spanish. Her delivery is practiced, careful.
11) 2) dialog: I’m very happy to be in the great state of Texas, to be with you and experience the noble Spanish tradition that has achieved so much in Dallas. This tradition started 100 years ago before the colonization of Massachusetts, my husband’s State. It is a tradition that remains alive and strong. She puts on her famous pink, pillbox hat and closes the mirror.
12) 0) text: Jackie walks through the plane. She can hear the loud cro outside.
12) 1) dialog: (hopeful) Is that the sound of birds? Playing along with his wife -- 12.
12) 3) dialog: (ironic) Of course. I love crowds. The door opens. Jackie walks off AIR FORCE ONE onto the tarmac at LOVE FIELD. It is NOVEMBER 22, 1963. She is wearing that pink wool Chanel suit with navy lapel an outfit that will soon be notorious but right now, in t morning light, is cheery and elegant, another fashion pronouncement by the most stylish woman in America. Beside her is her husband, PRESIDENT JOHN F. KENNEDY. Jackie absorbs the roar of the crowd like a physical assa Then sees GOVERNOR JOHN CONNALLY and his wife NELLIE wait at the bottom of the short staircase, flanked by a saluti honor guard. The crowds are chanting "JACK-EE! JACK-EE!"
12) 6) dialog: My! What a welcome! The Governor places a conspiratorial arm around the Presi and holds him for a whispered conference. Amidst the chaos, Jackie turns around to face the CROWD, which erupts in even louder cheers. She blushes, almost embarrassed, and responds with a demure smile. 13. Then she notices -- the President is on the move again. S hurries to catch up as he marches toward the waiting limo Jackie holds a grin in place and methodically makes eye contact with every voter on the rope line --
12) 7) dialog: Thank you. Thank you so much for coming...
13) 1) dialog: There’d been the biggest motorcade from the airport. Hot, wild like in Mexico or Vienna. The sun was strong in our faces but I couldn't wear my sunglasses. Jack has his hand out and I see a piece of his skull come off. It wasn’t flesh colored, it wasn’t white. He slumps in my lap. His blood, his brains in my lap. And I’m saying Jack, Jack can you hear me, Jack, I love you Jack! (through tears) And his head was so beautiful, and his mouth was beautiful and his eyes were open. I was trying to keep the top of his head down. Keep it all in. He had the most wonderful expression on his face, you know? Just before they'd ask him a question, just before he’d answer. He looked puzzled. (beat) I knew he was dead. She lights a cigarette. The Journalist looks up from his notes.
13) 3) dialog: Don’t think for one second I’m going to let you publish that. (MORE)
13) 5) dialog: (beat) You understand?
14) 0) text: BANG! -- two motorcycles speed up to the President's Limousine as it races to the hospital. Jackie sits in back. Her husband’s head is in her hands.
15) 0) text: A TIGHT CLOSE-UP of Jackie. Her wide-set, deep brown eyes are blank, exhausted. Her mascara is streaked, her cheeks scarred with red-brow smudges. The dried blood of her dead husband. She stares herself in the mirror. The pillbox hat is gone -- cast on the floor -- and her usually perfect hair is tousled. Frantically, she scrubs at the blood, some of it still we with Kleenex. She wipes at her reflection in the mirror. Finally, she pats her face dry with a hanging towel. Then noticing her hair, she attempts to restore its shape with hands. Her hands quiver. Frustrated, she lets out a wrenching SOB. And then -~ KNO
15) 3) dialog: I'll be ready in a moment. LARRY O'BRIEN, the President's Congressional Liaison and family friend, speaks to her from the doorway.
15) 5) dialog: Are they waiting? Jackie stares at herself in the mirror -- a macabre distortion of the picture from Love Field that morning.
16) 0) text: JACKIE'S POV -- PRESIDENT LYNDON JOHNSON, his wife LADY B his aide JACK VALENTI. CONGRESSMEN ALBERT THOMAS and JACK BROOKS, stand by JUDGE SARAH HUGHES, who holds up a small bible.
16) 1) text: President Johnson hesitates -- but there's no choice. He places his hand on the bible. Jackie pulls back her shoulders, holding herself erect.
17) 1) text: Air Force One is airborne. Jackie sits, staring straight ahead. Suddenly she rises and approaches CLINT HILL, the head of Secret Service detail.
17) 2) dialog: Agent Hill? Can you tell me...what. size was the bullet? A beat of silence, everyone unsettled.
17) 3) dialog: I don’t think it was a thirty eight, was it? What do you call it? The caliber? It seemed bigger. It seemed like something soldiers would use or maybe it was the kind they use for deer hunting....
17) 5) dialog: We need to have the Irish Cadets.
17) 7) dialog: Yes. The Irish Cadets -- for the funeral. Jack loved them. He saw them perform in Dublin last summer.
17) 9) dialog: And those bagpipers from Scotland. What were they called, Kenny? 18.
17) 11) dialog: That's right. The Black Watch Pipers. Hill approaches --
17) 13) dialog: --Why the rear?
17) 15) dialog: I'm supposed to hide away. Now?
17) 18) dialog: --I'm sure those people would love that. What do they call themselves? The Birch Society? No, I will not sneak out the back door. (beat, final) I'll go out the usual way. We all will. Hill is about to argue, but Jackie stares back at him -- defiant -- and he realizes it's a lost cause.
17) 21) dialog: (aghast) The autopsy? (beat) Is that necessary?
17) 23) dialog: By who?
17) 25) dialog: And what exactly will they do? Burkley hesitates -- looks to the others for help -- but one knows what she means.
17) 27) dialog: --What does an ‘autopsy’ entail? I want you to explain to me. I want all of the details. I’m his wife - or whatever I am now. (beat) I want all the details. Will they slice him open?
17) 28) text: LADY BIRD JOHNSON approaches. Nearly 20 years Jackie's senior, she is a warm, maternal presence. Lady Bird moves toward Jackie as if she might give her a - but stops short, repulsed by the gore that still clings Jackie's dress.
17) 32) dialog: There were wanted posters. Everywhere. For Jack. With Jack's face on them.....
17) 33) dialog: Let them see what they've done.
18) 0) text: Jackie remains seated as the plane comes to a halt She watches as a FORKLIFT passes by, headed to the rear o the plane where it will unload her husband's casket. Suddenly, from the front of the plane, she hears --
18) 2) dialog: Bobby! She collapses into his arms and buries herself into his shoulder. Amidst the noisy chaos of the now-crowded cabin they are quiet. And then -- the rear door swings open, letting in a gust cold November air. The FORKLIFT is positioned directly outside, and several MEN now step onto the plane and take hold of the CASKET. An AIR FORCE OFFICER, in charge of the Crew, informs Bobb
18) 4) text: (to AF Officer) Mrs. Kennedy and I will ride with the casket. In the ambulance. 21. O'Brien pulls Bobby aside, but still in earshot of Jackie
19) 0) text: Jackie and Bobby sit on either side of the CASKET. of calm after the frenzy at Andrews. Suddenly, it occurs to her --
19) 1) dialog: The casket will be closed won't it? At the funeral?
19) 3) dialog: I want it closed so badly, Bobby.
19) 5) dialog: There was blood everywhere. There were so many pieces. Still rattled himself, Bobby tries to comfort her... A moment 22.
19) 7) dialog: I tried to hold his head together. The Ambulance hits a pot-hole, and the Casket slides -- slamming into Bobby.
20) 0) text: Jackie looks in anguish at the door that leads to the operating room. She is surrounded by family and friends but nobody dares speak. Next to her is Nancy. Also BENJAMIN and TONI BRADL close friends. JANET LEE and HUGH AUCHINCLOSS, JACKIE'S mother and step-father. PAM TURNURE, JACKIE'S press secretary and MARY GALLAGHER, her private secretary. DOCT JOHN WALSH, her personal doctor. O'Brien and O'Donnell ar also present, along with DEFENSE SECRETARY ROBERT MACNAMA Everyone looks at the door. As it opens and closes we see the hospital personnel carrying supplies and equipment fo the autopsy. What follows unfolds in a splintered haze of grief... A TV set blasts the news.
20) 2) text: Jackie walks down the hospital hall, drawn toward the aut room. But Bobby retrieves her...
20) 4) dialog: Make sure they make him look like himself. All around her, the room divides into smaller groups. Dr. Walsh, Ben Bradlee, O'Brien, and Macnamara break off. Bob confers with O'Brien and O'Donnell. Jackie finds herself surrounded by Pam, Nancy, Mary, Toni her mother.
20) 5) dialog: (anxious) Where are the children?
20) 7) dialog: I'd rather them at home. Their routine shouldn't be disrupted.
20) 10) dialog: What do they know? No one answers. Dr. Walsh approaches and greets her.
20) 13) dialog: It had to be some silly little Communist... (beat) (MORE )
20) 15) dialog: If he'd been killed for civil rights... At least then it would have meant something. You know? Wistful, weighed down with regret --
20) 16) dialog: Jack warned me. Said we were going to ‘nut country.’ But I thought it was all going so well. Fort Worth. In Houston. All the problems Adlai had -- Jack was winning them over. Bobby tries to calm her down.
20) 17) dialog: They kept handing me yellow roses. Yellow roses. At every stop. Yellow roses. Then in Dallas... Jackie trails off...
21) 0) text: The ambulance carrying the PRESIDENT'S CASKET now winds through the darkened streets of our nation's Capital. Next to Jackie in the back of the ambulance, Bobby is in daze.
21) 2) dialog: (to Driver) Excuse me. Do you know who James Garfield was? A beat of hesitation, confused.
21) 4) dialog: Do you know who William McKinley was? Or what he did? No answer. The Driver glances back to Bobby, looking for help, but none is coming.
21) 5) dialog: They were both US Presidents killed while they were in office. (beat) (MORE)
21) 7) dialog: And what about Abraham Lincoln? Do you know what he did?
21) 9) dialog: That's right. Thank you. Jackie raises the glass barrier. She turns to Bobby --
21) 10) dialog: Bobby, please tell them I want the books on Lincoln. About his funeral. Once again, they sit in silence.
22) 0) text: The Motorcade comes to a stop outside the White House whe MARINE HONOR GUARD has taken up position. INT. HALLWAY - KID’S ROOM - WHITE HOUSE Jackie arrives at John Jr's room. Carefully opens the doo and peeks in. He’s sleeping.
23) 0) text: Jackie, alone, surveys her bedroom. Her WEDDING PHOTO sit on one night-stand, PHOTOS OF JOHN JR and CAROLINE on the other. Finally, one button at-at-time, she undresses and the Cha Suit falls to the ground in a bloody heap. She cries as she takes off her stained stockings. She scrubs furiously at the blood under her nails. She steps into the shower and the frosted glass door shut behind her. She turns on the water. Blood races from her hair down he back. CLOSE ON Jackie as water pounds her face... 27. She walks back through her room in a nightdress. She lights a cigarette and lies down in bed with it.
24) 0) text: Jackie smokes as the Journalist finishes scribbling. A be of silence, and then --
24) 2) dialog: And if I don’t they’ll interpret my silence however they want? (beat) Her brow furrows. Her lips are drawn. She holds back her tears...but she can’t hide her anger.
24) 5) dialog: Do you want to be famous?
24) 7) dialog: You should prepare yourself, this article will bring you a great deal of attention.
24) 9) dialog: Yes. (beat) Don't marry the President. The journalist looks down, nervous and uncomfortable.
24) 10) dialog: Are you afraid I’m about to cry? 28.
24) 12) dialog: Scream what?
25) 0) text: CLOSE ON an etching of LINCOLN’S FUNERAL PROCESSION. BILL WALTON -- Jackie's dear friend and cultural advisor traces the route as he speaks.
25) 3) dialog: I can feel Jack getting angry with us. ‘There you go, spending all that money on those silly little knick-nacks... (beat) The man would spend whatever it took for votes, but balked at buying a beautiful painting. (beat) I guess we don't have to worry about that anymore. Walton has no idea what to say.
25) 4) dialog: We must get this right, Bill. we must get this right. It has to be beautiful. (beat) Did you tell them we'll need a horse-drawn carriage? We have to march with Jack. Everyone. A big beautiful procession that people will remember.
25) 6) dialog: Do what?
25) 9) dialog: Are the children awake?
25) 11) dialog: How do I do this? Nancy takes Jackie's arm to comfort her.
26) 0) text: Jackie walks with Nancy toward her daughter's bedroom -- fierce determination in her eyes. She is the executioner, about to kill her own children's innocence. She stops at the threshold of her daughter's bedroom, abo to barge in -- and stops cold. INSIDE -- CAROLINE (5) and JOHN JR. (nearly 3) are drawin with MAUD SHAW, their longtime nanny. Jackie gives them one more moment, and then --
27) 0) text: --steps inside. The children both turn and rush toward he with delighted squeals. While Jackie embraces them, in hushed tones...
27) 4) dialog: Something very sad has happened. And this is how we dress when something sad happens. JOHN JR. Mommy, where's Daddy?
27) 5) dialog: Daddy won't be coming home.
27) 7) dialog: Daddy had to go see your baby brother Patrick. In heaven.
27) 9) dialog: Because I'm here with you. And we don't want Patrick to get lonely, do we?
27) 11) dialog: Caroline, I need you to be a big girl. You can be brave, right? You can be a soldier? (beat) A very bad man hurt Daddy. Daddy would come home if he could. But he can't. He has to go to heaven. Some understanding is beginning to build.
27) 13) dialog: Yes, of course you can, my love. 32.
28) 0) text: The room has been transformed into a hall of mourning. Walton has added some additional touches since the night before -- looping BLACK CREPE along the molding, a catafa where the Shakespeare stage would have stood. Jackie is seated with Caroline, John Jr, and Bobby. (Present are once again Jackie's parents, Janet and Hugh Auchincloss, and her half-brother JAMES AUCHINCLOSS. But KENNEDY CLAN is now also here in full. Bobby and Ethel, TEDDY and JOAN, PAT and her husband PETER, and their moth ROSE. Behind the family are close aides O'Brien, O'Donnel and Powers, along with their wives.) John Jr, a restless boy, gets up and walks through the ro with a mischievous smile. Bobby follows, scoops him up and returns him to their sea Jackie holds John Jr’s hand and pulls Caroline closer. A beat -- as Jackie clocks the anguish and pity on the fa around her. She lowers her eyes unable to bear it.
29) 0) text: The immediate family has retired to the White House Residence. Jackie stands with Bobby and Rose, the matriarch of the Kennedy clan. Caroline and John Jr. play with Maude nearb
29) 3) dialog: The what?
29) 10) dialog: Brookline?
29) 23) dialog: Lincoln's widow died destitute. The others quiet, all turning to her. 35.
29) 24) dialog: She moved back to Illinois. Had to sell all her furniture. And the Van Buren's and the Tyler's too. (beat) She auctioned it off, piece-by- piece, just to keep a roof over her head.
29) 26) dialog: The collectors we bought it from... Remember? Bill and I had to haggle for every sofa and every chair. (beat) If I sell some of it back now, maybe I can put Caroline and John through school?
30) 0) text: Jackie and Collingswood stands at the bottom of the stair to the second-floor Residence.
30) 2) dialog: That's right. A beat, as she stares at the wall, lined with portraits tracking the slow deterioration of ABRAHAM LINCOLN--
30) 3) dialog: Here is what the White House did to President Lincoln. Here is how he changed. (beat) 1861. The strong man with the arched eyebrow. (MORE)
30) 5) dialog: (beat) 1865. One week before his assassination.
31) 0) text: Jackie leads Collingswood into the Lincoln Bedroom.
31) 2) dialog: It was where we lived when we first came here, when our rooms at the other end of the hall were being painted...
31) 4) dialog: No it was Lincoln's cabinet room.
31) 6) dialog: Yes, they are. The most famous one, of course, is the Lincoln bed. It was bought by Mrs. Lincoln. Along with the dressing bureaus, and chair, and this table. She bought a lot of furniture for this house which made her husband rather cross because he thought she spent too much money. Jackie turns to a small desk in the corner. A new reveren in her voice --
31) 7) dialog: And on the table is the Gettysburg Address. CLOSE ON -- those hallowed words.
31) 8) dialog: This is probably the greatest treasure in this room. (beat) (MORE )
31) 10) dialog: And this sofa, and these two chairs. Lincoln They were sold in that sale I was telling you about. And they went to England and through man who all the descendants of the brought them there.
32) 3) dialog: 
32) 6) dialog: mean to upset your mother. But Brookline is no place to bury a President. Bobby looks at her. He’s tired. Quiet. The TV interrupts them. A REPORTER shouting a question to Oswald... Did you
33) 1) text: A motorcade of BLACK LINCOLNS winds through the rows of graves, finally pulling to a stop. Jackie strides forth under a canopy of umbrellas, accompa by Bobby and Walton. She's greeted by the cemetery's SUPERINTENDENT JOHN METZL soaked to the bone.
33) 3) dialog: Thank you.
34) 0) text: Jackie leads a long procession of AIDES and SECRET SERVIC trudging through the mud and endless graves.
34) 6) dialog: He can’t just be buried anywhere. He deserves more. They keep walking.
34) 8) dialog: My shoes are sticking in the mud. She keeps walking. Finally, she's at the front of LEE MANSION staring down. JACKIE'S POV -- endless graves and mist below. Jackie makes eye contact with Walton. He simply nods. Walton turns to Metzler, who's holding a wooden STAKE. Metzler hands him the stake, and Walton walks directly to spot in the center of the hill, driving it into the groun But Jackie isn’t satisfied. She pulls out the stake, walk few feet to the right, and drives it back into the ground It’s settled.
34) 53) text: Max Casella, Beth Grant, Peter Sarsgaard, Natalie Portman 40. Jackie walks with Bobby through the cemetery.
34) 55) dialog: Maybe. (beat) Bobby, I want to talk to the press.
35) 0) text: The Journalist scribbles while Jackie talks...
35) 1) dialog: You know... that first night, Bob McNamara, he said he'd buy back our old house for us in Georgetown. (beat) I don’t really have things. I don't even have a home.
35) 3) dialog: This? It’s awfully cold.
35) 5) dialog: Are you suggesting I throw a party?
35) 7) dialog: That house wasn’t mine. Neither is this one. (beat) Nothing is ever mine. Not to keep, anyway.
35) 9) dialog: A First Lady must always be ready to pack her suitcases. It’s inevitable.
36) 0) text: Jackie and Bobby talk outside in the cold.
36) 7) dialog: (firm) Bobby it’s our last chance. We have to march with him.
37) 0) text: Jackie sits alone, wearing a bathrobe, drinking VODKA in darkened room. Outside, night has fallen and all is quiet -- but she can sleep. Restless, she rises.
38) 0) text: Jackie steps inside another dark, still room. Pausing in the threshold, she listens for sound in the ha She's visibly tense, clearly a stranger to this space. Only when she’s confident that she’s alone does she take breath and look around -- at her husband’s private bedroo At the room’s center -- a four-poster bed, stained wood, masculine. Jackie walks to the edge of the empty bed. She’s dressed for her husband -- but he’s not there. She turns to the Victrola on the night stand and turns it As Camelot begins to play... Jackie moves to the BEDSIDE TABLE -- stacked high with BO and bottles of PAIN KILLERS. 43. One-by-one, she picks them up, reading the book’s spines medicine labels. She turns to the credenza -- a line of PHOTOS. President Kennedy with FAMILY, POLITICAL DIGNITARIES and MOVIE STAR
39) 0) text: Jackie surveys her famous wardrobe. She takes a swig from her glass and sets it on the shelf. Then she drops her robe. Jackie pulls a Chanel gown off the rack and steps into it A beat, as she considers herself in the mirror. She's as gorgeous as ever, but she doesn’t like what she sees. Jackie steps out of the gown, leaving it on the floor. Another swig from that bottle and she pulls another dress from a hangar. And now, QUICK CUTS -- Jackie DRESSING and UNDRESSING, compulsively cycling thro her wardrobe of designer OUTFITS while she drinks. Also-- EARRINGS and NECKLACES, one-after-the-other, in a FRENZY. Finally, the bottle is EMPTY -- and a pile of discarded clothes lies at her feet. Now, Jackie stumbles to her DRESSING TABLE and takes out MAKE-UP. With an unsteady hand, she goes to work with her eyeliner lipstick and mascara. She rises and exits.
40) 0) text: She slowly enters and approaches the President’s desk. She sits still in his seat, tears running down her face. Jackie stares into the distance -- as Camelot ends.
41) 0) text: Jackie sits facing the Journalist.
41) 1) dialog: How would you write that?
41) 3) dialog: (playing along) --Perfect people can’t change. Jack was always getting better... stronger. (beat) Sometimes he would walk into the desert, alone, just to let himself be tempted by the devil. But he always came back to us, his beloved family. A beat -- as Jackie exhales her cigarette.
41) 4) dialog: And I don’t smoke.
42) 0) text: Jackie sits in the backseat of a limousine. Where - or wh -- we are isn't clear. Another ‘interview’ -- this one wi a PRIEST, who sits across from her.
42) 1) dialog: I shouldn't say these things..
42) 3) dialog: Is this a confession? 45.
42) 5) dialog: Everyone knows my story.
42) 7) dialog: I came here looking for sympathy, Father.
42) 9) dialog: Father, are you listening?
43) 0) text: Jackie and the Priest walk down a long path.
43) 1) dialog: I think God is cruel.
43) 3) dialog: Was he in the bullet that killed Jack? All the Priest's answers are defiant and firm --
43) 5) dialog: Is he inside me right now?
43) 7) dialog: (weary) Well that’s a funny game he plays -- hiding all the time.
43) 9) dialog: If there's a heaven, there's your God -- with all his empty promises. (angry) What kind of God takes a father from his two little children?!
43) 11) dialog: --And my two babies. (beat) Arabella in the womb. And Patrick. Thirty-nine hours on this earth. Just long enough to fall in love with him. the Priest in the eyes, rage brimming over --
43) 12) dialog: What did I do to deserve that? A long beat, as he waits for her rage to subside -- and t summon an answer.
43) 14) dialog: Jack and I hardly ever spent the night together. Not even that last night in Forth Worth. 47. The Priest treads lightly --
43) 16) dialog: (bitter) I seem to remember there being more to our vows. The Priest looks at her with pity in his eyes. And it’s t one thing she can’t stand. She snaps --
43) 17) dialog: Don't look at me like that. (beat) I was First Lady of the United States. Women have been doing far worse for far less. A beat as it hangs there -- the Priest, taken aback by he candor.
43) 18) dialog: There are two kinds of women. Those who want power in the world. And those who want power in bed. And then, lamenting the marital bargain she made --
43) 19) dialog: Of course, now what am I left with? When men see me now, what do you think they feel?
43) 21) dialog: I used to make them smile. (beat) No one understands the pain he was in and how loyal he was. Some of his friends were so crude. Jack wasn’t of course. But he could get caught up in it. Still...he was a great father. (beat) (MORE)
43) 23) dialog: I picture him in that rocking chair in his office. Caroline and John at his feet...How could I hate him?
43) 25) dialog: I can’t. They're mixed up with all the others.
44) 0) text: Jackie is draped in black cloth -- in this case a silk sl Barely recovered from the night before, she chain smokes, while Nancy arranges her outfit on the bed. Jackie puts out one cigarette, and goes to light another. She catches Nancy's look of disapproval.
44) 1) dialog: Do you have the latest list from the State Department? Off Nancy's confusion --
44) 2) dialog: Of the dignitaries planning to attend the funeral.
44) 5) dialog: More than we were expecting?
44) 7) dialog: Good. Will you read them to me? 49.
45) 0) text: Jackie now sits at her dressing table, Nancy trying to pl a veil on her hair.
45) 2) dialog: (grateful) We've been together a long time, Haven't we, Nancy? (beat) I used to worry that you might be jealous of me.
45) 4) dialog: You never did anything to make me feel that way. But I worried. After I married Jack. And after he won the election. (beat) Now that seems ridiculous. Anyone being jealous of me. I've buried two children and now I’m burying my husband. Nancy isn’t sure how to respond. But she is no longer an employee -- just an old friend..
45) 7) dialog: That's a terrible thing to say. They both smile.
45) 9) dialog: That's a terrible, terrible thing to say... Nancy comforts her. Holds her.
45) 11) dialog: What will you do now?
45) 13) dialog: You won’t go anywhere?
45) 16) dialog: (between sobs) No, they’re not lucky at all. They're not lucky. I’m scared, Nancy, I’m scared, I’m scared...
46) 0) text: President Johnson, Lady Bird, Bobby, Ethel, and the rest the Kennedy family wait for Jackie and the children. Like the rest of the country, they watch the news...
47) 0) text: Jackie helps John Jr with his tie.
47) 1) dialog: Are you ready to go? 52. JOHN JR. Yes.
47) 2) dialog: Will you look at me? JOHN JR. Mommy, is it my birthday?
47) 3) dialog: Not yet, dear. She kisses his forehead and holds his face. From the doorway, announcing himself --
47) 5) dialog: Oh Clint... We're nearly done here. Jackie rises to greet him. But as she locks eyes with him she seems to falter on her feet. She stares at him, trying to recapture some lost memory.
47) 6) dialog: It’s the strangest thing. I hardly remember anything after. (beat) But I've read about what you did in the papers. And I just wanted to thank you.
49) 1) text: Jackie continues speaking to Hill.
49) 2) dialog: What do you remember? Will you tell me everything. I need to hear. He sees the desperation in her eyes. Has no choice...
49) 5) dialog: Keep going. 54.
49) 7) dialog: Who was it? Was it that Oswald?
49) 9) dialog: I need to talk to him. (beat) I need to talk to him.
49) 12) dialog: I'd like them to come with me.
49) 14) dialog: Their father is leaving this house for the last time. They should be there to say goodbye to him.
49) 16) dialog: Those pictures should record the truth. Two heartbroken, fatherless children are a part of that. (beat) (MORE)
49) 18) dialog: You can tell them I’m ready to leave -- with Caroline and John. Nancy is taken aback by her intensity.
49) 20) dialog: Nancy?
49) 22) dialog: I’m not the First Lady anymore. (beat) You can call me Jackie.
49) 24) dialog: Caroline, are you ready sweetheart? She goes to pick up her daughter.
49) 25) dialog: My brave girl. And now John begins to sob. She reaches for her son.
49) 26) dialog: Oh, John, John, John -- Off his cries...
50) 0) text: Jackie sits with the Journalist at the table.
50) 1) dialog: I value my privacy. I always have. 56.
50) 3) dialog: In what way?
50) 5) dialog: What are you insinuating? That I exploited them?
51) 0) text: Jackie leads Caroline and John Jr out onto the PORTICO, squinting in the mid-day sun. She takes in the extraordinary scene. The horse-drawn CAISSON carrying the President's flag-dra CASKET is parked just before them, followed by a RIDERLES HORSE, and then a train of LIMOUSINES to carry the mourne In the lead is a DRUM CORPS. The WHITE HOUSE DRIVE is lined by parallel rows of SOLDIE carrying the flags of the 50 states. The WHITE HOUSE LAWN is crowded with CAMERA CREWS, REPORT and STAFF. All are reverent, silent. FLASHBULBS erupt, capturing the indelible image... The wi in black. The two innocent children in powder blue. They are still, and now frozen in time.
52) 0) text: Jackie looks out at the crowd of mourners lining the stre Their reflection scrolls by her face in the window.
53) 2) dialog: We aren’t ‘most people’. (beat) Most people don’t have to make those kinds of decisions, hours after watching their husband get murdered next to them.
54) 0) text: The caisson comes to a stop at the base of the SENATE STE the trail of LIMOUSINES just behind. An HONOR GUARD and a NAVY BAND wait to receive them. The doors of the limousines open, and Jackie steps out, a with Caroline, John Jr and Bobby. President Johnson and Lady Bird emerge from the next car, take up position beside them. Jackie turns to the new PRESIDENT...
54) 1) dialog: Oh, Lyndon. What an awful way to begin your presidency. Before he can reply, she walks ahead.
55) 2) dialog: No, of course not.
56) 0) text: Jackie and Caroline follow the casket to the catafalque. Bobby helps John Jr to a seat in the first row. The HONOR GUARD steps aside and the room silently watches Jackie kneels, and Caroline kneels beside her. Jackie presses her lips gently against the flag. Caroline follows.
56) 2) dialog: How dare you?!
56) 4) dialog: They murdered him!! Inside the jail! These people can get to anyone!
56) 6) dialog: --How dare you keep that from me?!
56) 8) dialog: You had no right! The children! I took them out the front door! She physically shudders at the thought of it...
56) 10) dialog: --This is all insanity!
56) 12) dialog: You and your brother. All these years, all your goddamn secrets!
56) 14) dialog: Caroline and John are all I have left. And I put them in danger because of you--
56) 16) dialog: --You can't know that! You think you all control everything. That you have the world on puppet strings. You’re ridiculous! And I let myself believe it. (beat) And this parade? Who is it really for? For Jack? One more campaign stop along the way to the grave?! (beat) Lyndon's people are right. It's not worth it! It's not worth risking people's lives! Bobby doesn't know what to say.
56) 17) dialog: You tell them we're calling it off. (beat) We'll motorcade to the Cathedral. The back way. We'll bury him. And we'll put an end to all this. I don't give a damn anymore.
56) 19) dialog: I know you think I’m some silly little debutante-- 60.
56) 21) dialog: You don’t protect me, anymore!
56) 23) dialog: You don’t know anything. She turns and leaves him standing there.
57) 0) text: Jackie walks with the Priest.
57) 1) dialog: I lie awake at night and all I can think is...I wish I’d been a shop girl, or a stenographer. I should have married an ordinary, lazy, ugly man. The Priest studies her -- considers the depth of her suffering. He tries one more time to get through --
58) 0) text: The morning sun peaks through the edges of the drawn curtains, but the Oval Office is dim and vacant. Jackie is on her knees, in a new black dress, freshly showered, but still groggy. She is surrounded by the RESOLUTE DESK, which John Jr was famously photographed playing beneath. The COCONUT the PRESIDENT used to scrawl a rescue message when his boat was sunk in the South Pacific. The MODEL of the naval vessel, The Danmark, he meticulous constructed. And finally -- the ROCKING CHAIR where he used to sit, th children playing at his feet. She runs her hand across the NEW CARPET, pleased.
58) 1) dialog: It's perfect.
58) 3) dialog: It changes everything. She stands, admiring her handiwork.
58) 4) dialog: And the Treaty Room? 62.
58) 6) dialog: I wish Jack... She trails off. And then--
58) 7) dialog: Who knows if he would have cared. She laughs, bitterly.
58) 8) dialog: I lost track, somewhere. What was real. What was performance.
58) 10) dialog: You were right earlier. (beat) I've told them I'm not going to march tomorrow. I won't put people in danger on account of my vanity.
58) 12) dialog: You know, that's what Jack called all this. When he saw what we were spending. He said your little ‘vanity project' is going to bankrupt the federal government. This is Walton's life's work, his purpose for being --
58) 16) dialog: That's kind of you, Bill. But even I'm starting to lose him. (beat, she stands) Pretty soon, he'll just be another oil portrait lining these hallways.
59) 0) text: Jackie holds a cake as a Secret Service member lights the third and final candle. She enters the room to join Nancy, Maud, and Caroline celebrating John Jr’s 3rd birthday. She sings...
59) 1) dialog: Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday Dear John, Happy Birthday to YOu... John blows out the candles.
60) 0) text: Jackie sits at the edge of Lincoln's arched mahogany bed, staring up at the portrait of Mary Todd that hangs above Outside, the sun is setting. Bobby enters the doorway.
60) 2) text: Everyone will ride. No procession. Jackie nods. Bobby slowly sits beside her, utterly defeat
60) 3) dialog: I’m sorry, Bobby. A moment of silence, and then, gesturing to the portrait. 64.
60) 4) dialog: Do you think Lincoln's widow knew?
60) 6) dialog: That we'd build a monument to her husband? Bobby doesn’t answer.
60) 7) dialog: Why is this room so peaceful? A long pause.
60) 9) dialog: Bobby! He slams the door shut and turns back to her.
60) 10) dialog: Bobby, watch your mouth--
60) 12) dialog: Bobby! 65.
60) 14) dialog: You can’t do that, Bobby. He looks at her.
60) 16) dialog: What's wrong with me?
61) 0) text: Jackie enters to find workers packing up her husband's belongings. His books. His rocking chair. INT. JACKIE’S BEDROOM - WHITE HOUSE More workers pack as she clings to an antique turquoise v reluctant to let go. 66.
62) 0) text: Starting to give in, Jackie tosses a doll into a box.
63) 0) text: Jackie throws a heap of her dresses into a box. She tapes the box closed - but the tape catches on her wedding ring. Angry, shaking, she struggles to take the ring off. Jackie swallows a pill. She catches a glimpse of herself in the mirror. Lingers.. INT. BOBBY’S OFFICE - WHITE HOUSE Johnson's top aide, Jack Valenti unpacks his belongings i Bobby’s old office. He's interrupted by --
63) 1) dialog: How do you like your new office? Jackie stands in his doorway.
63) 3) dialog: (sincere) Of course you are. I remember when we won the election, how overwhelming it was.
63) 5) dialog: That's very kind of you. (beat) I've come to discuss tomorrow. Valenti is He catches 67.
63) 7) dialog: I've changed my mind.
63) 9) dialog: I said I've changed my mind. we will have the procession. And I will walk to the Cathedral. With the casket. stunned.
63) 11) dialog: And President Johnson?
63) 14) dialog: Then, who is it up to, Mr. Valenti?
63) 16) dialog: One hundred three. 68.
63) 19) dialog: Based on what? Trying to intimidate her --
63) 22) dialog: (sympathetic) I understand. Valenti thinks he’s won.
63) 24) dialog: Don’t be. You and the Johnson's have already done so much.
63) 27) dialog: Mr. Valenti. Would you mind getting a message to all the funeral guests when they land? Not sure where this is going --
63) 29) dialog: Inform them that I will walk with Jack tomorrow. (beat) Alone if necessary. (beat) And tell General De Gaulle -- if he wishes to ride in an armored car -- or in a tank for that matter -- I won't blame him. (beat) And I’m sure the tens of millions of people watching won't either. She turns to leave.
63) 31) dialog: Oh, I’m just doing my job. With that, Jackie exits.
64) 0) text: Jackie and the Journalist sit across from each other.
64) 1) dialog: Would you like to write this down?
64) 3) dialog: I... I do.
64) 5) dialog: We all live on far after our deaths. Presidents will come and go and every one of them will look up to Jack for guidance, for inspiration. He finishes writing the paragraph.
64) 7) dialog: It was a funeral for the President of the United States.
64) 9) dialog: Yes and there should have been more of them. There should have been more horses, more soldiers, more crying, more cameras!
64) 11) dialog: No, because I never said that. (beat) Perhaps Jack didn’t have time to defeat Communism--
65) 0) text: The caisson comes to a stop in front of the White House. ANGLE UP to Jackie, peering out at the assembled crowd. JACKIE'S POV -- looking down on Bobby and Ethel. Ted and Joan, Janet and Hugh Auchincloss. Sargent and Eunice Shriver. O’Brien, O'Donnell, and Powers. President and Lady Bird Johnson. Behind them is a pantheon of foreign leaders. De Gaulle, EMPEROR HAILE SELASSIE of Ethiopia, PRINCE PHILLIP, DUKE
65) 2) dialog: Nancy said they wanted to share my grief.
66) 1) dialog: So I let them. She continues to speak with the Priest. 72.
66) 2) dialog: But after, I realized...all the pageantry, all the demands I made to honor him. It wasn't for Jack. Or his legacy. (beat) It_was for me.
67) 0) text: Jackie pauses and we ANGLE ON... Hill, tensing up beside He scans the crowd for threats as POLICE OFFICERS on the line snap to attention. ANGLE WIDE, REVEALING -- the long, empty street ahead. Quick CLOSE-UPS: A MAN IN A FEDORA. A BLACK MAN. A WOMAN and CHILD. Threats? Or grieving citizens? In the back of a black car, John Jr and Caroline ride in procession, looking out at the crowd through the rear win Jackie takes a step and continues bravely marching forwar
67) 1) dialog: I wrote him a letter. That night, before we moved the casket to the Capitol. Do you know what I wrote?
68) 1) dialog: That I wanted to die.
68) 3) dialog: (skeptical) Do you?
68) 5) dialog: No, only crass, self-indulgent people kill themselves. (beat) I was just hoping... (MORE)
68) 7) dialog: if I walked down the street next to Jack's body maybe someone would be kind enough to do it for me.
68) 9) dialog: I never wanted fame. I just became a Kennedy.
69) 0) text: Jackie continues to lead the march. Bobby flanking her. Mourners watching from the windows. Hats over their heart
70) 1) dialog: I've told everyone that I can't remember. (beat) But that's not true. I can remember. I can remember everything. And now, finally, we see the ASSASSINATION -
71) 0) text: Jackie is back in that limousine in Dallas. She waves to cheering crowd.
72) 1) dialog: The first bullet. (beat) Boom.
73) 0) text: And this time -- the sequence continues: CLOSE ON Jackie -- everything that now follows tracking h experience. 74. BANG! -- Jackie startles, confused. (In her mind, this wa the missed opportunity to act.)
73) 1) dialog: Then boom. BANG! -- Jackie turns -- eyes widening in horror as the President grips his throat. She's about to reach for him— And BANG! -- she is showered in BLOOD and GRAY MATTER as head explodes all over her.
74) 1) dialog: I could have saved him.
75) 0) text: Jackie panics -- climbing out of her seat, onto the back the still-moving car.
76) 1) dialog: I should have known it was a gunshot. I should have shielded him.
77) 1) dialog: I tried to stop the bleeding. But by the time we got to the hospital it was... She stands, watching through her black veil.
78) 0) text: CLOSE ON Jackie -- back in the car, where her husband’s b is slumped over, BLOOD pooling everywhere. 15. Jackie resists, but Hill shoves her down into the carnage shielding her body with his. Jackie lies prone, sandwiched between Hill and her dying husband -- trapped in an unspeakable, visceral horror. Jackie reaches out for Jack's head -- and tries to hold together his shattered skull. We stay with her -- as the car now accelerates toward the hospital.
79) 1) dialog: That night, and every night since... I’ve prayed to die.
80) 1) dialog: Won't God let me be with my husband? Marines fold the flag and hand it to her. She stands staring at the casket. Remembering the horror the limo as it sped with his head in her hands. The casket is lowered.
81) 0) text: Jackie sits with the Journalist.
81) 1) dialog: Can I look? She slides Field’s notes to her side of the table.
81) 3) dialog: You don’t write very legibly, do
82) 0) text: The Journalist paces as Jackie rewrites furiously.
83) 0) text: Collingswood and Jackie have reached the end of the tour the Monroe Room on the second floor.
83) 1) dialog: It will serve a definite purpose. (beat) My husband has so many meetings up here, in this part of the house. All the men who wait to see him, now sit in the hall, with baby carriages going by them. So they can sit in here and have a conference around this table, waiting for him.
84) 0) text: Nancy leads Jackie down the stairs, out of the White Hous for the last time...
86) 0) text: The Journalist watches Jackie from across the room.
86) 1) dialog: There’s one last thing -- more important than all the rest... (beat) You know every night before bed, we had this old Victrola. We'd listen to a couple records. And his favorite was Camelot.
86) 3) dialog: Oh, I'm so ashamed of myself. Every quote out of Jack’s mouth was either Greek or Roman. And that last song, that last side of Camelot is all that keeps running through my mind. (beat) "Don't let it be forgot, that for one brief shining moment there was a Camelot."
87) 0) text: A boisterous, glamorous party is in full swing. Jackie la in a red regal dress with elbow-length white gloves. President Kennedy grabs her hand and they dance.
87) 1) dialog: Jack loved history. It’s what made him what he was. Imagine him... this little boy, with scarlet fever in bed, reading history. (beat) (MORE)
87) 3) dialog: King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table. That’s what Camelot is about. Ordinary men banding together to fight for a better world. Don't misunderstand me... (beat) Jack wasn't naive. But, he had ideals. Ideals he could rally others to believe in.
88) 2) dialog: I’m sure they will. Of course there will be other great Presidents. The Johnson's have been so generous to me. (beat) But there won't be another Camelot. Not another Camelot.
89) 0) text: The Priest and Jackie sit at an impasse, their talk comin an end with no resolution. Slowly and deliberately, the Priest’s face darkens -- his tone sharpening.
89) 2) dialog: I--I needed to talk.
89) 7) dialog: You wonder? The Priest nods --
90) 4) text: Jackie playfully runs after Caroline and John Jr.
90) 6) dialog: Why do we bother? She catches up to John Jr and picks him up. Twirls him.
92) 0) text: Jackie relates to the Priest, with some satisfaction --
92) 1) dialog: He wrote down every word.
92) 3) text: Jackie thinks. Not exactly an answer:
92) 4) dialog: It's been reprinted all over the world. (MORE)
92) 6) dialog: Maybe that’s what they'll all believe now. (beat) Camelot. (beat) People like to believe in fairy tales.
92) 8) dialog: I believe the characters we read about on the page end up being more real than the men who stand beside us. (beat) I should have guessed it was too much to ask that we grow old together. See our children grow up. The Priest studies her -- hoping she’s slowly making her toward some semblance of solace. But it’s clear -- she’s not yet there.
94) 0) text: Walton mounts a plaque outside Jackie’s bedroom. It reads "In this room lived John Fitzgerald Kennedy and his wife, Jacqueline, during the two years, ten months, and two day was President of the United States: January 20, 1961 - November 22, 1963."
94) 3) text: A MAN is carrying a MANNEQUIN over his Porcelain skin. Jet-black bouffant. Perfectly symmetrical features. Jackie stares at a perfect plastic reproduction of hersel A surreal, disorienting moment. And then ANOTHER MAN, carrying another, identical, MANNEQ Jackie tracks them back to a nearby TRUCK -- where WORKER unload DOZENS more of them. The workers carry the dolls into a MACY’S DEPARTMENT STOR In the store windows -- STYLISTS dress the mannequins in reproductions of the outfits Jackie has been wearing for past five days. Jackie stares in disbelief at her own image frozen in tim the widow, forever in mourning. 84.
95) 0) text: Jackie and Collingswood continue their tour in front of t cameras. (Camelot continues to play...)
95) 1) dialog: I'm just so happy that he could be proud. Because then I was having a baby and I couldn’t campaign and then we got in the White House and all the things I’d always done, suddenly they became wonderful. And I was just so happy for Jack that he could be proud of me. (beat) Those were our happiest years.
96) 0) text: Jackie is seated between President Kennedy and Bobby. Pablo Casals finishes his performance of Felix Mendelssoh Piano Trio No. 1 in D minor, Op. 49. A standing ovation. Jackie gives Casals her gloved hand to kiss.
97) 1) text: Jackie dances in her red dress with President Kennedy. She rests her head on his shoulder as Camelot finally crescendoes. She smiles.