4) 3) dialog: Why don’t you try ‘the people's house’? Make it more personal. Jackie considers the suggestion. And now -- with that notorious, breathy diction...
4) 6) dialog: They want to hear from you. Jackie is skeptical
4) 8) dialog: That's why you need to show them what you've done. Nancy can tell Jackie is still uneasy.
4) 9) dialog: The President will join you in the Monroe Room. At the end of the tour. You'll be great. Jackie smiles, grateful and takes a deep breath.
4) 11) dialog: Of course. You look beautiful. Jackie walks onto set and the TV LIGHTS turn ON.
8) 0) text: Nancy watches Jackie speak to Collingswood.
20) 0) text: Jackie looks in anguish at the door that leads to the operating room. She is surrounded by family and friends but nobody dares speak. Next to her is Nancy. Also BENJAMIN and TONI BRADL close friends. JANET LEE and HUGH AUCHINCLOSS, JACKIE'S mother and step-father. PAM TURNURE, JACKIE'S press secretary and MARY GALLAGHER, her private secretary. DOCT JOHN WALSH, her personal doctor. O'Brien and O'Donnell ar also present, along with DEFENSE SECRETARY ROBERT MACNAMA Everyone looks at the door. As it opens and closes we see the hospital personnel carrying supplies and equipment fo the autopsy. What follows unfolds in a splintered haze of grief... A TV set blasts the news.
25) 8) dialog: Mrs. Kennedy? Jackie turns to her old friend. 30.
25) 10) dialog: They're playing in Caroline's room. Jackie considers this -- knows she can't avoid the inevit any longer.
25) 12) dialog: Oh dear. It doesn't matter what you say. Just hug them and tell them it will be okay.
26) 0) text: Jackie walks with Nancy toward her daughter's bedroom -- fierce determination in her eyes. She is the executioner, about to kill her own children's innocence. She stops at the threshold of her daughter's bedroom, abo to barge in -- and stops cold. INSIDE -- CAROLINE (5) and JOHN JR. (nearly 3) are drawin with MAUD SHAW, their longtime nanny. Jackie gives them one more moment, and then --
27) 1) dialog: What do they know?
29) 19) text: Nancy, Mary, and her
29) 21) dialog: I'll ask Sarge to look into it. I'm sure we have time. They can't expect us to move immediately, can they?
29) 25) dialog: That will never happen to you. But Jackie's not listening...
44) 0) text: Jackie is draped in black cloth -- in this case a silk sl Barely recovered from the night before, she chain smokes, while Nancy arranges her outfit on the bed. Jackie puts out one cigarette, and goes to light another. She catches Nancy's look of disapproval.
44) 3) dialog: Oh, yes. I have it right here. Nancy rummages through some nearby files and finds the li She scans it --
44) 4) dialog: General De Gaulle. Prince Phillip. Even the Soviet Foreign Minister.
44) 6) dialog: Oh, yes. There are dozens of names. Jackie can’t help feel some pleasure.
44) 8) dialog: Yes. From the United Nations, there’s Paul Hoffmann. The King of Belgium. From Denmark, the crown prince George... Nancy reads the list as Jackie continues to smoke. The na go on and on...
45) 0) text: Jackie now sits at her dressing table, Nancy trying to pl a veil on her hair.
45) 1) dialog: I don’t know. I think you should just try it without it. Nancy strokes Jackie’s hair with her hand. Jackie rests h head on her shoulder.
45) 3) dialog: Oh stop it.
45) 5) dialog: You know I was jealous. Of that dress you wore in Vienna. Jackie smiles, grateful for the release. 50.
45) 6) dialog: I know it is hard to see it right now, but you have your whole life ahead of you. Rejecting the trite consolation --
45) 8) dialog: But you do!
45) 10) dialog: But you do. I’m sorry. I’m sorry.
45) 12) dialog: Oh, I’1l stay with you.
45) 14) dialog: No, I'm not going anywhere. I don’t have anywhere to go. They share a welcome laugh.
45) 15) dialog: Those kids are so lucky to have you.
45) 17) dialog: I know. I know.
49) 11) dialog: The children are ready. Shall I take them downstairs to ride with Maud?
49) 13) dialog: The press is out front. I thought you'd prefer --
49) 15) dialog: But the cameras? Those pictures are being broadcast to every corner of the world. Jackie has found some burst of strength in her encounter Hill.
49) 19) dialog: Yes, Mrs. Kennedy. As Nancy turns to leave --
49) 21) dialog: Yes?
49) 23) dialog: I will. Jackie turns back to the children.
59) 0) text: Jackie holds a cake as a Secret Service member lights the third and final candle. She enters the room to join Nancy, Maud, and Caroline celebrating John Jr’s 3rd birthday. She sings...
84) 0) text: Nancy leads Jackie down the stairs, out of the White Hous for the last time...
85) 1) dialog: Everything will be held in storage until you decide where to settle. The two women embrace. Jackie finally enters the car. 78. She looks back through the window to the home she devoted much of her life. Echoing the first scene of the White House tour -~ Nancy encourages her to smile.