1) 45) dialog: Thank you...I, uhhh, I’m not Tony Stark, but if I were Tony, I'd tell you how honored I am and...what a joy it is to receive this award. (then) The best thing about Tony is also the worst thing -- he’s always working.
7) 0) text: The Generals board their Humvees and depart to the East. Tony and Rhodey walk to their convoy of waiting Humvees, pointing West. Tony gets Obadiah Stane on his video-phone
7) 2) dialog: Sleeping. How did it go?
7) 4) dialog: Sounds good.
7) 6) dialog: I don’t do monograms. I’m hanging up now, bye-bye. Stane hangs up.
18) 18) dialog: Sorry, did I startle you?
18) 22) dialog: This was a bad idea, I should never have let him go over there... He starts to break down. She touches his shoulder.
22) 0) text: From down the hallway, Pepper watches Obadiah and Rhodey close, heavy conversation. Obadiah, grave, looks over and catches Pepper’s eye, then he walks off, shaking his head Rhodey on his way out. Pepper steps into his path.
36) 0) text: Tony’s limo pulls up, Hogan lets Tony out. He finishes a cheeseburger and Hogan takes the wrappers. Obadiah is waiting there with a group of gathered employe They all start applauding. Obadiah with arms outstretched
36) 1) dialog: See this. Huh. Huh. He hugs Tony warmly, speaks close.
36) 2) dialog: Tony, thought we were meeting at the hospital. You know there’s a lot of reporters in there. What's going on?
37) 12) text: As Tony enters, struggling his way to the podium, followe Obadiah. Tony gazes out over the reporters. Suddenly he seems vulnerable, scattered. The silence grows awkward. Obadiah is mercifully going to save him when --
37) 28) dialog: Okay, I think we’re going to be selling a lot of newspapers here. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
39) 1) dialog: Well that went well. You just painted targets on our heads. Our stock is going to take a 40 point dive tomorrow. Tony says nothing.
39) 2) dialog: (considers a new tact) Tony, we are a weapons manufacturer. Turning this company around to make baby bottles is like trying to get a bear to walk on its hind legs.
39) 4) dialog: Like what?
39) 6) dialog: This? This was a publicity stunt. It’s not even cost effective. We knew that before we built it. Repulsor technology is a dead end. Tony rips open his shirt, revealing the glowing RT.
39) 8) dialog: (touching the RT) Oh my God. It is a miracle you are alive. What must have happened to you over there? (MORE )
40) 149) dialog: That's great. Get me the design as soon as you can. We've gota hungry production line that knock out a prototype in days. Tony looks at Obadiah, getting emotional.
40) 151) dialog: Listen, I have something to talk to you about. I really wish you'd attended the last board meeting like I asked you to.
40) 153) dialog: The board's filed an injunction against you.
40) 155) dialog: They claim you’re unfit to run the company and want to lock you out.
40) 159) dialog: They're going to try. We’1ll fight them, of course.
40) 161) dialog: I don’t know. Somehow they pulled enough votes together. Listen, the world doesn’t share your vision, Tony. The more people have to lose, the more frightened they are of new ideas. He pours two drinks. Tony declines.
40) 162) dialog: Now listen, I don’t want you to get all in knots. You know how many times I protected your father from the wolves? Tony nods, still troubled.
40) 163) dialog: Get back to your lab and work some magic. You let me handle the board. Oh and Tony, no more press conferences. © 2007 MARVEL STUDIOS, INC. NO DUPLICATION WITHOUT MARVEL’S WRITTEN CONSENT. 84 85 86
44) 0) text: A fire-truck is parked outside. Obadiah poses for photos the red carpet. The crowd is a mix of kingmakers, pols an Generals -- along with celebs and stars. Suddenly, all the cameras swing over to -- Tony, decked out, exiting his Audi R8. He sees a white- haired man in a red smoking jacket, drowning between thre hot Women. Tony slaps him on the back.
44) 5) dialog: What are you doing here? I thought you were going to lay low.
44) 7) dialog: Let’s just take it slow, okay. I got the board right where we want them.
48) 2) dialog: Is this like a tick for you? Whenever you have a feeling, you start going to all the people who don’t trust you, who don’t protect you. They're going to put a spin on everything you say.
48) 4) dialog: Are you out of your mind. You're messing with the “guys in the rooms”, we're talking about billion dollar interests, the world order --
48) 6) dialog: -- you should be. You’ll disappear. I can’t protect you against people like that --? The Paparazzi has snuck up on them, snapping photos. (CONTINUED)
48) 9) dialog: 
48) 11) dialog: Tony don’t be so naive --
48) 13) dialog: -- Tony, you’re a child --!
48) 15) dialog: -- you’ve got about as much control over things as a child riding in the backseat of your father’s car with a red plastic steering wheel in your hand.
48) 17) dialog: You’re not even allowed in the car. (then) I’m the one who’s filing the injunction against you. Tony is shell-shocked. Then, he goes after Obadiah. They jostle and Obadiah backs off as Tony goes ballistic. The paparazzi snap photos.
48) 18) dialog: It’s the only way I could protect you. Aki (from earlier) and several Obadiah’s Men, smiling, bu steely-eyed, step in to prevent Tony from following Obadi to his waiting car. (CONTINUED)
54) 0) text: A few yurts. Raza’s bivouacked men lick their battle woun A devastated band. They grab their guns and stand-to as - A train of black Suburbans arrive. Private Security Guard exit and take up positions. Then -- The scarred Raza saunters out of a yurt and goes to the l Suburban. Its door opens and out steps -- Obadiah Stane gazes about, unfazed, then --
54) 5) dialog: If you’d killed him when you were supposed to, you’d still have a face.
54) 7) dialog: I think it’s best we don’t get him involved in this. (then) I’ve come a long way to see this weapon. Show me.
54) 10) dialog: (as it dawns on him) -..So this is how he did it.
54) 12) dialog: What’s this?
54) 19) dialog: (in perfect Urdu) This...is the only gift you shall receive. Raza is strangely confused. Paralyzed. Blood begins runni from his ear. And now, in Obadiah’s hand, we realize he’s holding a dev A sonic taser. Obadiah removes a pair of filtering ear-plugs as Raza crumples to the dirt.
54) 20) dialog: Technology -- (holds up the taser) it’s always been your Achilles Heel. Don’t worry, it'll wear off in fifteen minutes -- but that’s the least of your problems. Obadiah removes Raza’s ring, studies it. Then he turns an exits-- EXT. RAZA’S YURT - CONTINUOUS - NIGHT 121 As he steps out of the tent, Obadiah sees -- By the Suburbans, Raza’s men kneel, guns to their heads.
54) 21) dialog: (to head guard) Crate up that armor and the rest of it. We TRACK WITH Obadiah as he passes Raza’s kneeling men.
54) 22) dialog: Send them to their virgins. The SOUND of MACHINE GUN FIRE. Obadiah does not flinch. © 2007 MARVEL STUDIOS, INC. NO DUPLICATION WITHOUT MARVEL’S WRITTEN CONSENT. SALMON #2 XX/XX/07 82. 124 INT. PHIL COULSON’S OFFICE - DAY 124 Phil Coulson at his desk. He picks up the phone and dials
55) 5) dialog: Civilization, gentlemen, has been preserved by the right people having the right idea at the right time. You are shaping in your hands, this very moment, the future of this company, and this nation. But it is imperative this project remain data-masked, that it’s existence never leave these walls. Make no mistake -- this is a ‘tool’, that in wrong hands, could jeopardize civilization as we know it. Obadiah faces the Head Engineer.
55) 7) dialog: The Sampson’s yours. We go 24-7.
57) 0) text: Obadiah, next to his Head Engineer. Behind them are the hulking steel legs of the Dynamo, extending out of frame. The sparks from a welding gun shower down.
57) 2) dialog: I told you, miniaturize the ARK reactor.
57) 4) dialog: Tony Stark was able to do it ina cave -- with a box of scraps.
58) 0) text: After hours, few people around. Pepper hurries down the dimmed main hallway of Stark Industries. Casting nervous glances back behind her. INT. TONY’S OFFICE - MINUTES LATER - DAY 126 Pepper at Tony’s computer. She plugs in the hacking devic (the size of a jump-drive) Tony gave her. MONITOR: the screen as the device starts hacking through Obadiah’s passwords, firewalls, security nets. She's in. She watches items scroll up from Obadiah’s hard drive. MONITOR: Jericho Missile orders. Shipping manifests.
58) 7) dialog: What a nice surprise.
58) 9) dialog: How's Tony? (CONTINUED)
58) 13) dialog: You and everyone else. He circles her, picking up a photo on the desk of Tony. Pepper stiffens, flicks a glance at -- The hacking jump-drive protruding. The WHIRR and GRIND of the hard drive as it copies Stane’s files.
58) 15) dialog: (matter-of-fact) Tony’s imploding -- it’s unfortunate. (then) You should consider whether you want to take that ride with him.
58) 17) dialog: You know I love Tony -- but this is business. We can’t save him, but we can save his legacy. She flashes to the download screen, “87%” completed.
58) 18) dialog: It’s tragic, but...Tony never really came home, did he? He circles behind her again, looking closely at the scree again depicting Google ads.
58) 19) dialog: This company has a bright future, I'd like you to be a part of it. He smiles and touches her cheek. She shuts off the comput
58) 20) dialog: Tony doesn’t understand your value. He never did. (CONTINUED)
58) 24) dialog: Think about it. (then) Come on, I’1l walk you out. He takes her box of personal effects, waits for her. As s passes the computer, she snatches the jump drive out, pal it. A tense moment: did he see her? © 2007 MARVEL STUDIOS, INC. NO DUPLICATION WITHOUT MARVEL’S WRITTEN CONSENT. SALMON #2 XX/XX/07 87-88.
59) 0) text: Pepper descends the stairs as Obadiah hovers above on the balcony railing -- watching her. PEPPER'S POV: by the Security Desk, a savior: Agent Couls gestures and argues with the Security Guard. Pepper rushes over, startles Coulson by linking arms with and dragging him towards the door.
59) 9) dialog: It’s UNOS. Four cheese. I just had it flown in from Chicago. Tony remains stoic. Obadiah puts the pizza down, crosses Tony and hands him a letter.
59) 10) dialog: I'd like you to proof-read something for me.
59) 12) dialog: Can you turn him off? All the way?
59) 15) dialog: You were right. It’s not my company -- not my name on the building. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
59) 18) text: “INCOMING. PEPPER POTTS” appears. Tony looks to Obadiah.
59) 20) dialog: Tony. Please. I’11 be out of here in a minute. Tony finally nods, pushes a button, sending the call to v mail. Obadiah meets Tony’s eyes, fatherly. Puts a hand on Tony’ shoulder.
59) 21) dialog: We have too much history to part on bad terms. I'd like your blessing. Tony’s eyes, suddenly registering a paralyzing pain. (CONTINUED)
59) 24) dialog: Easy, now. Try to breathe... He kneels beside Tony. Unbuttons Tony’s shirt.
59) 25) dialog: You can’t mess with progress, Tony. It’s an insult to the Gods. You created your greatest weapon ever -- but you think that means it belongs to you. It belongs to the world. CLOSE ON - TONY’S EYES: wide with pain, unable to move. A he can do is gasp and gurgle as -- Stane begins removing the chest-piece from its socket.
59) 26) dialog: Your “heart” will be the seed of the next generation of weapons. They’1l help us steer the world back in the right direction -- put the balance of power back in our hands. The right hands. CLOSE ON - OBADIAH: he removes Tony’s “heart”, the RT glo reflecting on his face.
59) 27) dialog: By the time you die, my prototype will be operational. (smiles) It’s not as conservative as yours. He wraps the heart in cloth. Then stands, clicking off th sonic taser and pocketing it. Tony rolls from the chair, onto his back, staring at the ceiling. Already slipping away. Then--
59) 28) dialog: The sad thing is...we’re both the good guys. Obadiah kills the lights and leaves © 2007 MARVEL STUDIOS, INC. NO DUPLICATION WITHOUT MARVEL’S WRITTEN CONSENT. SALMON #2 XX/XX/07 93A. 139 INT. RHODEY’S OFFICE - NIGHT 139 Rhodey is on the phone with Pepper.
61) 0) text: Obadiah inserts the glowing “heart” he stole from Tony’s chest into the Dynamo’s chest. We can only see slivers of the full suit on its scaffolding. The heart locks in place and we go -- CLOSE ON - DYNAMO’S EYES: coming alive. © 2007 MARVEL STUDIOS, INC. NO DUPLICATION WITHOUT MARVEL’S WRITTEN CONSENT. SALMON #2 XX/XX/07 94a.
62) 0) text: Obadiah looks up at the -- SECURITY MONITORS: bad news. Pepper and the Agents infiltrating and moving towards the pipe room stairway. Obadiah’s face sets. He begins climbing up the scaffoldin to the Dynamo. INT. TONY’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT B145 We HEAR A DOOR SPLINTERING. Rhodey rushes in and finds -- Traces of blood on the floor. The collapsed shelving unit Tony staggering to stay on his feet.
67) 1) dialog: It’s miraculous, Tony, it’s your Ninth Symphony. Trying to rid the world of weapons, you gave it its best one ever.
67) 3) dialog: How can you be so selfish? Do you understand what you’ve created? (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
67) 7) dialog: Your father helped give us the bomb. What kind of world would it be if he’d failed us? (CONTINUED)
68) 8) dialog: People are always going to die, Tony -- part of the chess game.
68) 49) dialog: It didn’t have to end like this, Tony. You were down -- you should've stayed down. And they're about to collide again when -- A Shit Kicking Biker on a Harley weaves from around a tru He realizes his mistake and jams the throttle, but -- Dynamo grabs the front wheel of the motorbike, (sending t Biker flying), and in one swoop belts Iron Man with it. Tony tumbles away and struggles to get up. Falls, tries again, but Dynamo is all over him, smacking him with the bike. INT. TONY’S AUDI R8 - DRIVING - SAME TIME - NIGHT 163 Rhodey, in the breakdown lane, weaving around waves of fleeing people, toppled cars and debris till he sees -- (CONTINUED)
76) 7) dialog: So this is the answer, Tony? This is how you’re going to save the world? It’s not in you. Your father told me before he died, my boy doesn’t have a warrior’s heart. I should have listened.
76) 9) dialog: But I do. Now we see what Stane is attempting: to manually winch hi forearm rocket bay open so he can blast Tony. But his movements unsettle the Dynamo suit and suddenly h begins to slide.
76) 10) dialog: Goodbye, my boy...