19) 13) dialog: Relax. They lower their hands. Silence as Raza meanders, picking and putting things down. He almost steps on Tony’s secret cylinder, but then sees the washing machine. He shoots Ab cold look and turns to the workbench and -- Peruses Tony’s onion-paper schematics of the missile.
19) 14) dialog: The bow and arrow was once the pinnacle of weapons technology. It allowed the great Genghis Khan to rule from the Pacific to the Ukraine. He pushes the schematics around trying to make sense of t (CONTINUED)
19) 17) dialog: Today...whoever has the latest Stark weapons rules these lands. Soon it will be my turn... A beat as Raza looks back and forth between Yinsen and To
19) 18) dialog: (to Yinsen in Urdu) What’s really going on here?
19) 20) dialog: (in Urdu) It’s been a long time. Where’s the weapon?
19) 22) dialog: (to Abu, in Urdu) Get him on his knees. Yinsen is forced to his knees by Abu and Ahmed. Using ton Raza lifts a hot coal from the furnace and approaches Yin
19) 23) dialog: (in Urdu) Tell me what is going on?
19) 25) dialog: (in Urdu)
19) 27) dialog: (in Urdu)
24) 0) text: Tony puts the finishing touches on a strange box housing laser-pointer, fan and tinsel. He tapes the box shut, pee through a tiny hole in its side. TONY’S POV - INTO BOX: it looks like the furnace flames i the dark. INT. RAZA’S CONTROL ROOM - NIGHT B39 Guards, bored and tired mill about. CLOSE ON - SURVEILLANCE MONITOR: which shows the furnace glowing in the dark lab. There is a brief shift in the image, and we --
26) 16) dialog: You have till tomorrow to assemble my missile. He walks out. His henchmen grab Abu’s legs and drag him o The silence hangs there, then -- OMITTED 4l
26) 18) dialog: (in Urdu) Khalid. Where is Stark? He taps the monitor. © 2007 MARVEL STUDIOS, INC. NO DUPLICATION WITHOUT MARVEL’S WRITTEN CONSENT. 43 44 45 SALMON #2 XX/XX/07 31c.
30) 3) dialog: heading down a tunnel with an RPG. A wounded Guard grabs onto him, jabbering. Raza shoves him aside.
31) 0) text: Raza’s men fleeing as a deluge of flame shoots from the tunnel. Then -- Tony emerges, the gray armor scarred and sizzling. Insurgents keep firing, trying to draw him from -- The massive ammo dump under the camouflage. But Tony is relentless, keeps moving towards it. Tony turns his flame throwers on the crates. They begin t burn -- the STARK logos eaten by flames. And now -- A withering barrage of gunfire knocks Tony to his knees. hose to his flame thrower is pierced, setting his arm on fire. Another bullet catches a seam and enters his should But Tony struggles back to his feet. The suit GRINDS. He pushes further into the maze, torching everything. More gunfire pings and ricochets off him, pieces of the g armor begins to come loose. Now -- Tony opens a metal flap on his arm, flips a red switch. A now something incredible happens -- A WHINE builds to a ROAR. Tony tucks, angles forward as - Heel-boosters glow white hot, kicking up desert plumes -- then he blasts off like a missile, rising hundreds of fee One Insurgent watches dumbstruck, as Tony arcs across the towards a mountain pass. And then -- The first ammo dump ignites. Then another and another, fi roses joining in a hellish conflagration. And barely outpacing the fireball --
40) 0) text: Metal fingers protrude from the sand. A filthy human hand reaches into frame, freeing a metal gauntlet from the des floor. Then, we reveal -- Horses and old pickups, scattered as men scavenge among t dunes. A Toyota pickup flies the banner of the Ten Rings. burly man, his back to us, leans on the bed-mounted machi gun. As we TRACK around him we can see it’s -- Raza, his terrible scars still raw from Iron Man’s flame- thrower. He swats flies from his wounds. In one hand -- Raza holds Tony’s battered helmet, staring into its eyele (CONTINUED)
40) 5) dialog: (subtitled) Keep looking. I want all of it.
41) 0) text: Raza, his face healed now, watching the armor coming together, mesmerized. INT. TONY’S WORKSHOP - A WEEK LATER - NIGHT 91 A humanoid form walks out, shrouded in shadow. Then, ceil lights CLUNK on, one-by-one, revealing --
53) 8) dialog: (subtitled) Put me through to the boss.
54) 0) text: A few yurts. Raza’s bivouacked men lick their battle woun A devastated band. They grab their guns and stand-to as - A train of black Suburbans arrive. Private Security Guard exit and take up positions. Then -- The scarred Raza saunters out of a yurt and goes to the l Suburban. Its door opens and out steps -- Obadiah Stane gazes about, unfazed, then --
54) 1) dialog: Welcome. Obadiah assesses the scars on Raza’s face.
54) 2) dialog: Compliments of Tony Stark. (CONTINUED)
54) 6) dialog: You paid us trinkets to kill a prince. An insult, to me and the man whose ring I wear. CLOSE ON - RAZA‘'S RING: the familiar ten interlocked rin
54) 8) dialog: Come. Leave your guards outside. © 2007 MARVEL STUDIOS, INC. NO DUPLICATION WITHOUT MARVEL’S WRITTEN CONSENT. SALMON #2 XX/XX/07 80-81. INT. RAZA’S YURT - NIGHT 120 Obadiah enters and stares down, transfixed. STANE’S POV: THE REASSEMBLED GRAY ARMOR suspended on wire
54) 9) dialog: His escape bore unexpected fruit.
54) 11) dialog: This is only a crude first effort. But he’s perfected his design-- Raza hands grainy surveillance photos to Stane. CLOSE ON - VARIOUS PHOTOS: Iron Man wreaking havoc in Gulmira. Stane has seen the future. Then he looks down at -- Tony’s crusty laptop. The onion-skin schematics.
54) 13) dialog: The inside of Tony Stark’s mind. Raza arranges the schematics on a light board, and the sketches laid together become...Iron Man.
54) 14) dialog: Everything you will need to build this weapon. Obadiah is circling the armor now, taking it all in. Raza sits and pours tea.
54) 15) dialog: Stark has made a masterpiece of death. A man with a dozen of these could rule from the Pacific to the Ukraine. And you dream of Stark’s throne -- we have a common enemy. Now Stane pokes at the vacant hole in the chest plate. (CONTINUED)
54) 18) dialog: If we are back in business, I give you these designs as my gift. In turn, I hope you will repay me with a gift of iron soldiers. Obadiah smiles, places his hands on Raza’s shoulders, as going to hug him in brotherhood.