8) 0) text: Nightmarish. GARBLED VOICES. Stabbing lights. Tony thrashes against a restraining belt. Impressionistic glimpses: a red scalpel. Blood-spattered hands. Tony’s heaving chest. A boilerplate. TONY'S POV: YINSEN (60s), looks down on us, performing th “operation”. He yells to someone in Arabic, and -- Tony is held down, a chloroform rag is pressed to his fac © 2007 MARVEL STUDIOS, INC. NO DUPLICATION WITHOUT MARVEL’S WRITTEN CONSENT. 22 SALMON #2 XX/XX/07 19.
9) 0) text: Tony flickers awake, disoriented. A tube protrudes from h nose. He sees -- Yinsen, humming a tune as he shaves by a broken mirror. B more importantly right now -- There is a jug of water on the table. Tony tries to speak, can’t. It’s the damn nasal tube. He pulls at it, gagging as two of feet of tubing slithers fr his nose.
9) 2) dialog: I wouldn't do that if I were you. Tony follows the wire with his eyes and finds, to his hor that it’s hooked up to a car battery. He starts clawing at his chest bandages. Yinsen turns. Tony sees his ugly chest wound. It’s too much. He swoons. © 2007 MARVEL STUDIOS, INC. NO DUPLICATION WITHOUT MARVEL’S WRITTEN CONSENT.
10) 0) text: Yinsen stirs a bubbling pot on the furnace. He flicks glances at Tony, waking up on the cot. Tony eyes the bulky chest-piece protruding from his fresh bandages.
10) 2) dialog: What did I do? I removed what I could, but there’s a lot left headed for you atrial septum. Do you want a souvenir? He tosses Tony a jar with scores of bloody Christmas tree like barbs. Tony regards the ‘shrapnel’ he owns the paten to, and lets the jar drop.
10) 3) dialog: I’ve seen many wounds like this in my village. The walking dead we called them, because it took a week for the barbs to reach vital organs. I anchored a magnetic suspension system to the plate. It’s holding the shrapnel in place...at least for now. Tony struggles up, sits on the cot and notices something TONY’S POV: a surveillance camera on the cave wall.
10) 4) dialog: That's right, smile. (then) We met once -- at a technical conference in Bern.
10) 6) dialog: You wouldn’t. If I’d been that drunk, I wouldn’t have been able to stand, much less give a talk on integrated circuits.
10) 12) dialog: Stand up! Do as I do. Now! Tony gets to his feet, can’t gets his hands up. Yinsen he him.
10) 13) dialog: Listen to me, whatever they ask you, refuse. You understand? You must refuse. The door opens and ABU BAKAR enters with two armed Henchm (Ahmed and Omar). On Ahmed’s wrist, Tony notices -- Jimmy's bright orange METS watch (from the convoy earlier
10) 15) dialog: (translating for Abu) He says welcome Tony Stark, the greatest mass murderer in the history of America. He is very honored. Abu looks Tony up and down like a prize horse, then --
10) 17) dialog: (translation) You will build for him Jericho missile you were demonstrating.
10) 24) dialog: You refuse? You will do everything he says. This is the great Abu Bakar. You're alive only because of his generosity. You are nothing. NOTHING. He offers you his hospitality, and you answer only with insolence He will not be refused. You will die in a pool of your own blood. Abu, spooning down Yinsen’s food, throws a look of smug satisfaction. He heads out. The door slams shut.
10) 25) dialog: Perfect. You did very well, Stark. Tony is utterly perplexed.
10) 26) dialog: Good, I think they’re starting to trust me. Yinsen returns to cooking.
10) 27) dialog: Well, that’s the end of my plan.
13) 0) text: CLOSE ON - TONY: the hood is yanked off his head. He squi into the stinging daylight, his expression turning to sho In a bowl of tall mountains, camouflaged tarps are furled revealing skids upon skids of Stark Industries weapons da back to 80s Afghanistan. VARIOUS SHOTS - OF CRATES: the STARK INTERNATIONAL MUNITI logos. Some faded, some new. Tony, stunned, staggers along the crates. Yinsen follows. (CONTINUED)
13) 5) dialog: Quite a collection, isn’t it?
13) 7) dialog: (in Arabic) (translation) As you see, we have As you can see, they have everything you need to build everything you need to build the Jericho. You will make a the Jericho. He says make a list of materials and start list of materials. You will work right away. When we are start work right away and done we will set you free. when you are done he will set you free. Tony sees a heavily armed and imposing man surrounded by several men, who act as pilot fish around him. This is Warlord RAZA, a man you don’t mess with.
13) 9) dialog: +-.no he won’t.
15) 0) text: Dark. Tony sits in a wheelbarrow by the furnace, wrapped an Army surplus blanket. Yinsen looms over him. Silence.
15) 2) dialog: I’m sure they’re looking for you, Stark, but they will never find you here. (then) That car battery is running out...and they won’t turn on the generator till you start to work.
15) 3) dialog: You don’t like what you saw out there, did you? I didn’t like it either when those weapons destroyed my village. (beat) What you just saw, that’s your legacy -- your life’s work in the hands of these murderers. Is that how you want to go out? Is this the last act of defiance of the great Tony Stark? Or are you going to try to do something about it?
15) 5) dialog: Then this is a very important week for you. 25 © 2007 MARVEL STUDIOS, INC. NO DUPLICATION WITHOUT MARVEL’S WRITTEN CONSENT. SALMON #2 XX/XX/07 22.
16) 4) dialog: (in Arabic) S-Category missiles. Lot 7043. The S-30 explosive tritonal. And a dozen of the S-76. Mortars: M-Category #1, 4, 8, 20, and 60. M- 229's, he needs eleven of these. Mines: the pre-90s AP 5s and AP l6s.
16) 5) dialog: (in Arabic) ...this area free of clutter, with good light. He wants it at 12 o'clock to the door to avoid logjams. He needs welding gear -- acetylene or propane, helmets, a soldering set-up with goggles, and smelting cups. Two full sets of precision tools. Abu getting exasperated by the never-ending list. (CONTINUED)
16) 13) dialog: Finally, I want: three pairs Finally, he needs: three of tube socks, white, a pairs of tube socks, white, a toothbrush, protein powder, toothbrush, protein powder, spices, sugar, five pounds of spices, sugar, five pounds tea, cards. (thinks, then) tea, and some playing cards. And a washing machine. Top (pauses) And a washing load. machine. Top load. Abu’s eye bulge. He gets in Tony’s face.
16) 20) dialog: You do know they’ve removed all the explosives before they brought this to us.
16) 28) dialog: Eleven?
17) 5) dialog: (at furnace) How will I know when it reaches that temperature?
17) 10) dialog: Relax. I always had steady hands. It's why you’re still alive.
17) 12) dialog: My name is Yinsen.
17) 14) dialog: Nice to meet you too. © 2007 MARVEL STUDIOS, INC. NO DUPLICATION WITHOUT MARVEL’S WRITTEN CONSENT. (CONTINUED)
17) 22) dialog: What are you building?
18) 2) dialog: (taking his time shaving) Look like an animal, and soon you'll start behaving like one. Tony throws a generator switch. The lights go up and down INSERT SHOT OF: the finished RT device, wired to the generator cable, beginning to glow on the workbench. Yinsen wipes his face, and trails Tony to the workbench. undoes the wires, holding up the glowing RT device.
18) 3) dialog: That doesn’t look like a Jericho missile.
18) 5) dialog: What an original invention. (CONTINUED)
18) 12) dialog: It’s pretty small, what can it generate?
18) 14) dialog: That could run your heart for fifty lifetimes.
19) 0) text: CLOSE ON - TONY’S OLD CAR BATTERY: we follow the wires an end on the bloody chest plate, no longer in Tony’s chest. INSERT - TRACKING SHOT: of new set dressing, revealing th time has passed and ‘missile’ components have progressed see jig). We find Tony, bearded and filthy now, cutting metal flat- stock with a torch. His shirt is cracked open, revealing glowing RT device in his chest. He snuffs the torch, look over his shoulder at -- Yinsen concentrating on building a backgammon board. Tony secretly begins filling a cylinder with gas from the torch.
19) 1) dialog: (flicks a glance at Tony) Stark, tell me what you’re doing, and I‘’11 tell you what I’m doing.
19) 3) dialog: Crappy? This is Lebanese cedar.
19) 7) dialog: I'm impressed you even know what this is. (then) How about we play, and if I win, you tell me what you're really making.
19) 9) dialog: Interesting, I was the champion at Cambridge.
19) 11) dialog: It’s a university. You probably haven’t heard about it since Americans can’t get in.
19) 19) dialog: (in Urdu) Nothing. We're working.
19) 21) dialog: (in Urdu) He’s working very hard. It’s very complex. Yinsen flicks a glance at Tony, who watches apprehensive.
19) 24) dialog: (in Urdu) Nothing! NOTHING is going on.
19) 31) dialog: (in Urdu) He’s building your bomb. The glowing coal nearly at Yinsen’s mouth now....then -- Raza drops the coal on the floor in front of Yinsen and leaves. Raza’s men follow and slam the door shut. Yinsen gathers himself, then --
19) 32) dialog: That’s twice I saved your life. Now are you going to tell me what the hell you’re really building? Their eyes hold, then --
19) 41) dialog: Finally, an idea of your own.
21) 0) text: Abu shuts the door slat. Tony wipes his face, pulls on a pair of gloves as he goes the furnace. He takes a white-hot piece of metal from the forge and starts pounding on it. Yinsen, soldering a complex circuit, looks up. He is stru by the image of Tony, strong and resolute, hammering away SLOWLY PUSH IN ON - TONY: hammering away.
21) 1) dialog: My people have a tale, about a Prince -- much hated by his King -- who was banished to the underworld and jailed there... (CONTINUED)
21) 4) dialog: The evil King gave him the most difficult labor -- working the iron pits. Tony’s muscles ripple, sweat flying.
21) 5) dialog: Year after year the Prince mined the heavy ore, becoming so strong he could crush pieces of it together with his bare hands. Too late, the King realized his mistake... Dazzling sparks fly around Tony.
21) 6) dialog: When he struck at the Prince with his finest sword -- it broke in half. The Prince himself had become strong as iron... Tony, sweating, holds up the metal he’s been working on - A crude iron mask stares back. He tosses the mask down. It lies there smoking and pulsin with heat. (CONTINUED)
25) 1) text: A work-light is on, revealing Tony and Yinsen by the workbench. A sensor on Tony’s leg is coupled to a contraption. Yinsen watches intently as -- Tony plugs a wire into his RT ‘heart’, a moment as -- Data races up on the crusty laptop...then -- As Tony moves his leg, the contraption on the table sprin to life, responding to his actions. Tony’s chest-device, which dims with the power loss. The two men’s eyes drift up and hold. Triumph.
25) 3) dialog: Then perhaps it’s time we settle another matter... © 2007 MARVEL STUDIOS, INC. NO DUPLICATION WITHOUT MARVEL’S WRITTEN CONSENT. SALMON #2 XX/XX/07 31a.
26) 0) text: Tony and Yinsen eat and play backgammon.
26) 1) dialog: Ah, anchoring with 13-7. You know, I have never met anyone who understands the nuances of this game like you.
26) 4) dialog: I come from a small village not far from here. It was a good place... before these men ravaged it.
26) 6) dialog: When I get out of here, I am going to see them again. (then) Do you have family, Stark?
26) 8) dialog: You’re a man who has everything and nothing. Abu shouts from the door slat and enters.
26) 9) dialog: (in Arabic) Your laundry’s over there. Abu goes to a basket where his laundry is neatly folded. smells it, ‘ah, clean clothes.’ He heads for the door, shaking his head as he sees them play backgammon.
27) 0) text: Khalid arrives, pulls the slat aside and peeks in. He glimpses a disembodied Yinsen working behind the jig.
28) 2) dialog: No, they’re moving. Very slow. We glimpse a bulky chest piece being lowered over Tony. T STACCATO WHINE of PNEUMATIC TOOL as Yinsen seals Tony in. INT. RAZA’S CONTROL ROOM - MINUTES LATER - DAY 48 Raza, at his monitors, orchestrating his men over the rad
28) 13) dialog: 
30) 9) dialog: 
30) 12) dialog: I am going to see them again. They're waiting for me. And now Tony understands -- Yinsen’s family is dead. Yins grins, then sags into himself, dead. Rage overtakes Tony. He steams towards the exit, roaring. © 2007 MARVEL STUDIOS, INC. NO DUPLICATION WITHOUT MARVEL’S WRITTEN CONSENT. 60 61 SALMON #2 XX/XX/07 37.
56) 0) text: Yinsen, framed by the mountains in the b.g., stares at us
56) 1) dialog: Are you on the right path? I don’t know...what does your heart tell you, Stark? HOLD on Yinsen, then --