11) 0) text: BILL HYNES paces before the assembled NEW RECRUITS. He's his 50s, distinguished and seemingly in charge...
11) 1) dialog: You have been hired by Dyncorp Aerospace International to represent the US as monitors for the United Nations, which means you are the only national contingent coming from a private military. So you people chose to come here. And for the next few weeks, we will teach you how to protect the rule of law in a war zone, how to rebuild a civil society brick by brick... MOVING OVER more RECRUITS... On their laps, "DYNCORP" ORIENTATION FOLDERS. MEN, listening, determined...
12) 1) dialog: ...to ensure the dignity, equality, and inalienable human rights of every single person in this devastated place. The refugees turn their haunted eyes to the fresh faces o the NEW RECRUITS. Kathy extends a parcel to an OLD MAN. H hesitates. Then she sees... He has no arms. She's unsure to do. A young boy takes the package, leading his grandfa away. Kathy stands: WHERE AM I? ASSEMBLY HALL: Bill Hynes stands before a map of the Balk
12) 3) dialog: The Dayton Peace Accords of 1995 ended this war, dictating that an International Police Task Force - YOU - would smooth the transition from war to peace.
13) 2) dialog: But you will learn that peace is harder won than war.. Kathy watches the boy run back up the road. The recruits down STEEP STEPS into...
16) 2) dialog: You will learn that every morning's hope... Carmen bounces her butt up and down to test her mattress.
17) 2) dialog: ...is haunted by yesterday's nightmare... UN BLUE HELMETS supervise the dig of a mass grave. Bodies revealed. A child's shoe is uncovered. A BURLY PEACEKEEPE turns, sickened.
18) 1) dialog: But today is a new day. As Head of the United Nations Mission here I trust that we stake our highest values, even our lives, on the belief that we can rebuild, we must renew, we will witness the rebirth of this country. The recruits are hyped, the rhetoric is working. MOVING O THEM, MAN by MAN, we REVEAL in the back: Kathy. In her crisp navy blue IPTF flack jacket. Her blon hair makes her stand out. She is one of the only women in room. Her eyes ablaze. She is completely fired up.
134) 7) text: She gestures toward the room. A haze of cigar smoke hover over the gaggle of men. Kathy's eyes zero in on Bill Hynes Surrounded by a group of JAPANESE DIPLOMATS. Bill notices and Madeleine. He waves, familiar. Madeleine nods, humori AMBASSADOR JOHN WELLS, 40s, slides his hand on Janet's ba
194) 2) dialog: Our resources are tight. I have to prioritize--
194) 4) dialog: If I could give you a piece of advice it would be to think of the future.
194) 6) dialog: Are Collateral Damage. Whores of War. It's nothing new. Every conflict produces them.
194) 11) dialog: This is your first mission. You're eager. But we work in a very grey area and that can get messy. Everybody wants the UN to take the gloves off but they don't want us to get our hands dirty. It's a fucking Catch-22. So what do we do? We prioritize. We do our best and we always look at the bigger picture. You're a mother. Fine. I see what you're doing with these girls. Maybe that's why you're thinking with your heart not your head. But you have a chance at a career in the international sector. Ride this out. Get a promotion. Human Rights in Liberia, Afghanistan... I don't give a shit. And then, when you're running the show, you can implement whatever changes you see fit. But right now be smart and shut this bullshit down! The veil is lifted. Kathy stands frozen. The blunt workin of the machine are laid bare.
219) 0) text: Blakely, Rick and JOHN MORGAN, 50s, State Department, sta behind a FUMING Bill Hynes. He throws down Kathy's email.
219) 1) dialog: What is this?
219) 3) dialog: The actions I am taking are for your own benefit. We are seeking your repatriation back to the United States.
219) 5) dialog: I'm doing this for your own good.
219) 7) dialog: Right now, we are still willing to pay your way home. You need to sign this, to start your check-out procedure. You will be out of this mission by Sunday.
221) 1) dialog: I'm starting to get a fucking headache. All your people do is gender...
221) 4) dialog: The email? It seriously concerned me. The level of recklessness she used speaks volumes toward her mental state. This is for her own good.
221) 6) dialog: She's burned out Madeleine!
221) 9) dialog: You hired her. You keep her under control. You've always wanted to run this your way. But I'm not going to let anyone interfere with the way I run my mission!
221) 12) dialog: Madeleine. Drop this. It's coming from above my head.
221) 15) dialog: Yes. They want her out.
241) 0) text: BBC CHIMES. Bill Hynes talks to TIM SEBASTIAN.
241) 1) dialog: I can categorically state that not one United Nations Officer has been involved in the trafficking of a single woman.
241) 3) dialog: I don't want to make accusations about those girls. But I will assert over and over again, I run a ZERO TOLERANCE program for that type of activity...
242) 0) text: Kathy watches footage of Bill Hynes on BBC. She stares in disbelief. Then picks up... THE GYM BAG FULL OF FILES.
246) 2) dialog: We've had a UN inspection by senior investigators from New York. We've had inspectors from the State Department.