56) 14) dialog: Hey. Fred Murray. He shakes her hand. Tanjo BANGS on the window, inside the police car, apoplep with rage. Kathy glances over her shoulder.
56) 16) dialog: No, no... that's fine. We're pretty much done here anyway.
56) 19) dialog: Yeah. Local police have been watching the place for a while. This whole thing happened pretty fast. I guess those girls must've run for it. Kathy looks over as the girls are put into a van.
56) 21) dialog: You can see where they're taking them, but I can't intervene. You know the drill. He shrugs and smiles. Kathy hears the POLICE VAN's engine start. Turning to it...
64) 0) text: FIVE local MEN in fatigues scan the field slowly with han held minesweepers. One MAN holds up his hand as his devic BEEPS. At the edge of the field, Fred Murray blows a whis Everybody else STOPS. The man bends down, as all wait... Kathy approaches from the road, behind a fence. Fred smil
64) 1) dialog: We meet again! Kathy looks out, suddenly aware of the dangerous situatio
64) 3) dialog: Sure, sure. You're fine here on the gravel. What's going on?
64) 5) dialog: Yeah, the whole thing was a bit of a mess. Turned out it was a local police mistake. Mix-up with the tip off or something. Thought they had a prostitution bust, but the bar is legit and those girls were just waitresses.
64) 8) dialog: Shit. Can we go over this later? I got to get in there. Before she can answer, Fred is moving down the field. She watches him go.
86) 0) text: Kathy stares out across the central courtyard. Into the adjoining building. Through the glass, she watches... Fred Murray leading NEW RECRUITS through the halls. He jo around, as the OFFICERS eye him with respect. The PHONE RINGS. Kathy turns.
128) 0) text: Kathy stands by her SUV, watching MONITORS set off for th day. Then she sees... Fred Murray emerge with COLLEAGUES, laughing. He stops wh He sees Kathy, gazing over, serious.
129) 2) dialog: I don't know what you're talking about.
129) 4) dialog: Hey. I'm gonna say this one more time. And you can put this down in your investigation on me. I don't know what you're talking about. He leaves. Kathy stands, a black speck in the patchwork o white UN SUVs spread across the lot.