42) 0) text: Kathy sits alone in the office. Degrees, plaques, and awa cover the walls. Pictures of Madeleine Rees with Kofi Ann Bill Clinton, Nelson Mandela... Kathy is intimidated. MADELEINE REES, 50s, tall, commanding, short blonde hair, British. She sashays in with a DOBERMAN on a leash.
42) 1) dialog: Don't mind Helen, she's a total sap. Kathy eyes the malevolent hound.
42) 3) dialog: Madeleine. You've been stirring things up.
42) 5) dialog: You have done in two months, what we've been trying to do for years. Madeleine sits. Kathy straightens.
42) 7) dialog: All due respect to Viko Mezovic, but you just facilitated the first conviction for domestic abuse in Bosnian history. I'm bloody impressed. So is the Dutch Duty Officer who recommended you. Kathy takes it in. Madeleine looks out the window at TWO GLASS TOWERS that punctuate Sarajevo's skyline.
42) 8) dialog: The IPTF has a Gender Affairs Office at Mission Headquarters. Dervla Hughes, the current head, is leaving and I think you're the right person to take over. Kathy is taken aback.
42) 9) dialog: You'd be overseeing 12 regional offices. Any gender reports come through you. This involves anything from equality training to domestic and child abuse cases, fallout from war crimes against women, prostitution. Women in Bosnia are treated like second class citizens. You could have a real impact on their lives. What do you think? Are you interested? This is everything Kathy came to do...
94) 0) text: A crumbling edifice, once home to the world's finest, now reminder of humanity's worst. INSIDE... Kathy walks with Madeleine, who unleashes Helen the hound
94) 1) dialog: Helen loves it here. I think she has Olympic ambitions. Kathy hands Madeleine the files. She flips through.
94) 4) dialog: The immunity problem.
94) 6) dialog: It could work. If you make certain that in their testimony they mention every sordid detail of IPTF involvement--
94) 8) dialog: They're gonna answer for this.
131) 1) dialog: It's not your fault. Kathy is downcast. She nods, not totally convinced.
131) 4) dialog: Maybe it's time for a little diplomacy... Do you have a nice frock?
133) 0) text: A WHITE VOLKSWAGON RABBIT speeds though the Sarajevo hill Madeleine is elegant in a suit. Kathy looks at her black dress, self-conscious.
133) 2) dialog: I call him Bill.
134) 1) dialog: (familiar) Mrs. Ambassador! How do we do?
134) 4) dialog: I hope you don't mind, I've brought along a friend. This is Kathy Bolkovac.
134) 7) text: She gestures toward the room. A haze of cigar smoke hover over the gaggle of men. Kathy's eyes zero in on Bill Hynes Surrounded by a group of JAPANESE DIPLOMATS. Bill notices and Madeleine. He waves, familiar. Madeleine nods, humori AMBASSADOR JOHN WELLS, 40s, slides his hand on Janet's ba
135) 5) dialog: Actually, I had a different one in mind. Madeleine and Janet come through the door. Peter stubs ou his cigarette, and moves back inside.
135) 7) dialog: (arm around Janet) Behind every good man...
135) 11) dialog: We want to repatriate Irka to the United States and find her a foster family. I was hoping you could use your influence-- Janet holds up her hand, nodding emphatically.
135) 14) dialog: Your help with Irka's case can really raise awareness in the Mission around the issue of trafficking. Madeleine gives her a reassuring glance. Kathy sees the difference between a cop and a diplomat.
140) 0) text: Madeleine stands before a small group of REPORTERS.
140) 1) dialog: The young woman, who shall remain anonymous, arrived in Bosnia as a victim of sex trafficking and has survived horrific abuse.
140) 4) dialog: Ordinarily she would be repatriated to her country of origin. But because she is an orphan, she finds herself without a home. I'm pleased to announce that we have found a foster family in the United States. I want to thank Janet Wells for her assistance in making this happen. I believe this can stand as a signal that the International community in Bosnia and beyond is finally ready to recognize the growing epidemic of sex trafficking, a human rights abuse as abhorrent as the war crimes that drew the International Community to intervene in Bosnia in the first place. Thank you.
141) 0) text: Kathy and Madeleine emerge, buzzing with their success.
141) 1) dialog: Nothing on Raya? Kathy shakes her head, saddened.
178) 2) dialog: What's this I hear about you leaving? Kathy turns to Madeleine in the doorway.
178) 4) dialog: The Dutch Officer rang before he left. C'mon, I want to show you something. Kathy follows, downbeat.
180) 0) text: Madeleine's UN Volkswagon pulls up. Milena waits, smiling
180) 1) dialog: After we got Irka repatriated, I had some calls from other private parties that were interested in helping. We've gathered $40,000 so far. I've applied for matching funds, so that... we can completely rebuild this shelter.
180) 3) dialog: Things are changing Kathy. Kathy is moved, seeing a light at the end of this. The th women stand, united... Then... A SHELTER VOLUNTEER comes
206) 0) text: Madeleine watches the same footage. CLOSE ON SCREEN: Laur
206) 3) dialog: (shaking her head) The State Department money monster. Ironic, isn't it? That the very people whose money we need to fund a shelter to protect these girls, are the exact people they need protecting from. She turns up the TV, onto... HALYNA'S INTERVIEW...
220) 0) text: THROUGH THE WINDOW: Kathy paces, nervous, telling all... Madeleine stands, resolved. Says something. Kathy nods, skeptical. Madeleine picks up the PHONE.
221) 2) dialog: Right. It is a core function of the Gender Office. He looks over, unimpressed.
221) 3) dialog: About the memo--
221) 5) dialog: Bullshit. You can't just fire her without cause. You need a reason that would stand up in court!
221) 7) dialog: She is not burned out, she's being burned!
221) 10) dialog: Then start running it with some integrity! It's your people perpetrating crimes against humanity!
221) 14) dialog: This is coming from Washington?
221) 16) text: Madeleine leaves. Focused. Something up her sleeve.
225) 6) dialog: It's bollocks. Absolute and total. You have signed a contract with Dyncorp Aerospace Operations U.K... And there is no provision under English law for summary dismissal without due process or an investigation. Madeleine stops... seeing Kathy is overwhelmed.
225) 7) dialog: But there was something else Bill said... If this is coming from above... Kathy,you need to prove that they are dismissing you because you were uncovering wide- spread corruption within this mission. If you can prove that this is indeed coming from Washington, that the State Department is instructing Dyncorp to fire you. Then we're talking about a conspiracy.
225) 9) dialog: We can fight this.
225) 11) dialog: That's exactly what you are.
225) 13) dialog: I don't know what to say to that. Think about this. Let me know what you want to do. I'll support you either way.
230) 0) text: Kathy comes in. Madeleine looks up from a phone call.
230) 3) dialog: Hand in an appeal. Keep reporting to work. Watch how they respond. Build your case... And catch them in their lies.
245) 0) text: Madeleine speaks to REPORTERS.
245) 2) dialog: Try me... These raids are for show and completely amateurish. This is the biggest cover-up I have ever seen!