60) 0) text: The shelter is a converted gymnasium. Peeling wallpaper. forgotten notices from before the war, postcards. Patchy linoleum curls at the edges. A soft hum. Voices in rooms Kathy can't see. She walks down the hall with MILENA, 40s Bosnian, down-to-earth, forthright.
60) 1) dialog: These girls are told they have been bought and must repay the debt. They are told an outrageous sum, thinking they'll be let go when they earn back that money. But they never are. Kathy stares at her, taken aback.
60) 2) dialog: Sex trafficking is one of the worst things to happen after this war. Milena hands over a medical report.
60) 3) dialog: Raya has a severe internal infection. The doctor found (reading) "intentionally placed foreign objects causing a disruption of the vaginal wall".
60) 5) dialog: Coins. She's not the first. Men can feel deficient paying for sex, so they find other ways to feel powerful. Milena pushes through a door. To a DARK HALLWAY... Hanging bulbs flicker intermittently. They walk. Avoiding dripping leaks in the roof.
60) 6) dialog: We gave her Penicillin, but the doctor is worried there could be something more serious.
60) 9) dialog: Unfortunately that's all we can do for her. We're just a volunteer organization. Kathy stares at the girls, the sheer number of them...
60) 11) dialog: We lost our funding because of those. ...She points at a basket of CONDOMS near the coffee.
60) 12) dialog: It's the U.S. Department of State. They have their rules. I'll do anything to give these girls some protection. But the Department of State thinks "Condoms encourage prostitution." NGOs caught giving them out, no longer receive US funding.
60) 14) dialog: They don't realize the cycle they start. If there are no condoms in the bars... They pass a ROOM DIVIDER. Seeing... MORE GIRLS. IN THEIR TEENS. All broken. And desperate.
60) 15) dialog: ...the guys want to find ways of avoiding STDs. AIDS. Their solution? Pay more for virgins... Kathy sees A GIRL sit in a corner. She couldn't be more t TEN YEARS OLD. She sits alone.
60) 16) dialog: So the traffickers bring more in. Younger and younger. Now it's a global industry. Simple economics. If there is demand, you supply. Milena opens a DOOR, revealing... INSIDE THE ROOM: A VOLUNTEER NURSE sits by Raya's bed. She lies asleep. IN ANOTHER BED: Irka sleeps. Kathy watches. Hushed...
60) 19) dialog: Try the Global Displacement Agency. They have good medical care, lots of funding. They might take them. Whether they'll keep them or not... I don't know.
60) 22) dialog: Those girls never arrived.
65) 0) text: Kathy and Milena lead Raya and Irka out to her SUV.
89) 0) text: Milena leads Kathy through the halls.
89) 2) dialog: At least thirty five.
142) 0) text: Milena looks through a glass window into...
180) 0) text: Madeleine's UN Volkswagon pulls up. Milena waits, smiling
180) 2) dialog: Separate from the GDA. We run it our way. The victims come first.
180) 5) dialog: Excuse me.
206) 2) dialog: And our matching funds go to the GDA.