30) 6) dialog: I will take it. The cops turn. Clarkson unclicks his pen. Viko sees Kathy hungry for support. But Danik scoffs.
30) 9) dialog: She is Muslim. He said she deserved it.
35) 0) text: Viko comes in, scanning over IPTF MONITORS. Spotting Kath
36) 0) text: Viko lays down a pile of files. Zlata's picture on top.
36) 1) dialog: Zlata Sehik has been to the hospital eight time because of her husband. Every time she try to file a complaint, my bosses send her back. They always laugh at the woman... They laughed at my mother. They do not make prosecutions of domestic violence. I want to get enough evidence to do this. Kathy isn't sure. She looks around, almost guiltily...
36) 2) dialog: This is why you are here, no? Kathy looks at him, struck by the truth of this. She take the files, flipping through them. Thinking...
37) 0) text: A HOSPITAL ADMINISTRATOR, who hands Viko a stack of files
38) 0) text: Kathy sits in a UN SUV. Viko watches as she goes through Zlata's hospital files. She's encouraged.
39) 0) text: Viko and Kathy sit behind a pile of Legal Books. Viko sho Kathy a page, a questioning look on his face.
40) 0) text: Viko sits behind Zlata and COUNSEL while a JUDGE rules.
99) 0) text: Kathy and Viko walk out, energized with a sense of purpos
99) 1) dialog: It's no problem. The Van is just sitting here. Let's go. They arrive at a POLICE VAN. Kathy eyes it.
99) 2) dialog: It's not exactly armored, but it will do the trick. You follow me, yes? He jumps in, and starts it up. Kathy follows in her UN SU Across the street, a LOCAL MAN watches from INSIDE A CAR.
100) 0) text: Kathy SWERVES up. Viko has the Van parked right up agains the door. Kathy jumps out.
101) 4) text: I'll take her. Meet us when you're done. As Viko and Raya leave, Kathy stops her... KATHY
103) 0) text: Viko steers the Van around a corner. Raya sits in the bac
106) 0) text: Viko stops at a traffic light. Raya peers out a crack in van. Seeing... Young WOMEN in the streets. Laughing.
108) 0) text: Viko turns down a narrow street. He glances in his rear v mirror. An old TRABBANT follows him. He veers down an all
110) 0) text: Viko eyes the mirror. All clear. Turning onto a DESERTED STREET.
112) 0) text: Viko drives up the deserted street. SUDDENLY two BATTERED MERCEDES fly out from SIDE ROADS and block the way. Viko BRAKES hard. Raya is thrown to the side of the Van.
114) 0) text: Viko REVERSES and TURNS -- but a Mercedes ROARS -- 'round other side -- BASHING the side of the Van.
116) 0) text: Two MEN jump out of the cars. With RIFLES. Viko SPEEDS forward. But.. GUNFIRE. Raya SCREAMS. A TIRE BLOWN OUT. The Van SKIDS to a HALT. Viko SMASHES against the window. Raya tries the doors, but they won't open. She wails, SLAMMING herself against the door. Desperate.
120) 0) text: Kathy and Viko sit silent. Barry hangs up the phone.
121) 3) dialog: You think he'd be that stupid?
122) 0) text: Kathy and Viko pull up. It's in full swing.
124) 1) dialog: They moved them already.
184) 5) text: Kathy eyes Viko. As the girls talk at her, Kathy knows sh was never going home. THIS is where she needs to be.
185) 0) text: Kathy brings Julia and Tanya in. An Intern leads them dow the hall. Viko comes in...
185) 1) dialog: Should I call for a raid?
189) 0) text: Viko follows Kathy out.
189) 1) dialog: If there are records showing those girls came through the border with IPTF--
189) 3) dialog: The main border station keeps the logs. Kathy heads to her SUV. Viko shakes his head -- points at old TRABBANT (a life-size matchbox car).
190) 0) text: The ride is bumpy. Viko shouts over the engine...
190) 1) dialog: Best if it looks like a local matter. Get more info. You be my UN monitor, okay? Kathy smiles, cramped, but appreciative of his help.
191) 0) text: Viko talks to a BORDER COP sitting at an ancient Mac Computer. Kathy notices a calendar of Pamela Anderson frolicking in foamy surf.
191) 1) dialog: So when a vehicle is stopped, you'll keep all this on file here?
191) 4) dialog: And other stations up the border send all their files to you?
192) 0) text: Kathy and Viko hurry to the car.
196) 0) text: A RAID TEAM suits up: FIVE LOCAL COPS and THREE IPTF OFFICERS. Viko turns and hands Kathy a helmet.
199) 0) text: Viko pulls up to the bar. The UN SUV skids into the shado Viko and Danik go inside. Kathy glances back at her IPTF officers as they -- Pull their visors down, and WAIT -- Q -- Wind in the trees -- MUSIC ECHOING from inside as... Viko and Danik emerge, chatting with Ivan. Suddenly... Ivan jolts back -- COPS grab him -- He's YELLING -- HANDCUFFED -- Kicking. Punching -- They PUSH him into the -- Viko SLAMS the door, turns to the UN van and nods...
201) 1) dialog: We have a warrant to search this premises. The owner of this bar Ivan Bladzic has been arrested and taken into custody for human trafficking. The girls look at one another. Is this for real? The BARM steps forward... He looks like he's had a few drinks.
201) 5) text: These girls work here. They have all documents, passports! You can fuck off. Two local cops GRAB him. Danik CUFFS him. The girls are astounded. Viko holds up passports. VIKO
201) 8) text: (To Viko) Get those blankets out of the vans. Let's get these girls out. But the girls still don't move... Raya. Fractured with despair... After all she has been through, all the punishment, all the pain... Raya holds Luba's gaze - Maybe even she could be convince And Raya starts to step to Kathy... When... Behind Kathy, an IPTF officer removes his helmet. Mike Se He stares at Raya. Petrifying her. Kathy sees it in her -- WHIPS around. Mike Sears avoids h gaze. Kathy turns back to Raya. Moving closer, quietly, o of earshot of the others...
201) 17) text: They're supposed to TRUST US! Viko and Danik pull them apart. VIKO
201) 21) dialog: If they won't come, we can't force them. Nothing will hold up in court. They'll be returned and punished... Do you want blood on your hands? The girls all return to their positions behind the bar, cleaning, sitting around the edges... Not one will catch. Kathy's eye. She glares at Mike Sears. Kathy watches across the room, devastated... As Raya turns, giving up her last chance to leave, and ex to a back room.
202) 0) text: Kathy paces frantically in the darkness. Eyes wild. Viko comes out the door, as it hits her like a blunt kick the face: sheer helplessness... She TURNS - Fuck diplomacy, Fuck bureaucracy, Fuck protoc and RUSHES back towards the bar. Viko stops her, grabs he Kathy's eyes filling with tears she cannot cry -- Her hea breaking. Viko holds her tight, and pulls her away.
229) 0) text: POLICE cordon off a RIVER BANK. Through an opening we see Viko. Keeping local cops at bay. Behind him is... Kathy. civilian clothes. Standing over a... DEAD BODY. Raya. Kathy stares, expressionless. Viko clear the cops out. Kathy turns, and retches. She pulls air int lungs, then straightens. She looks up to the trees, the a of this leafy cathedral, as if invoking some higher power