0) 0) text: Standing in the back, Tommy and Greg witness: ANGLE ON THE AUDIENCE, everyone is still laughing, in fact it’s louder now. People going crazy.
0) 3) dialog: Never.
0) 8) dialog: As the audience starts shouting “do it! Do it!” Greg looks at Tommy. He sees a small smile cross his face. And he knows - he’s gotten through to him. They can both enjoy this now.
0) 11) dialog: A beat between them. Neither one sure how the audience will react now. And then RAPTUROUS APPLAUSE. Tommy looks at Greg. Takes off his sunglasses. A big smile on his face now. All around him, everyone is standing, cheering, applauding his movie. People seem legitimately enthusiastic about “The Room.” His dream come true - if not exactly as he intended. He nods to Greg. Greg nods back. Friends again. And then, in an instant, he starts jogging up to the front, his arms raised over his head in triumph. The adulation only grows as he’s handed a microphone, heads up to the stage.
0) 12) dialog: So I’m glad you liked my... comedic movie! Everyone applauds. Greg laughs to himself at that.
0) 13) dialog: As everybody know, I make this movie completely by myself. People say “Tommy you crazy” but I say “yeah so what? My vision, my money, you must believe in yourself.
0) 14) text: A beat. And Tommy grows somber.
0) 15) dialog: I must be honest. There were times when maybe I didn’t believe. But I have friend - I have best friend. And he believe in me. Tommy looks at Greg. A nice moment .
0) 16) dialog: This movie never happen without my best friend Greg. Come on up, Babyface! Greg smiles, a little embarrassed but also appreciative. He walks up on stage. Gives Tommy a hug. Tommy steps aside. Lets Greg bask in the spotlight, the audience cheering him loudly. After a beat, Tommy joins him. Leans into the mic:
0) 17) dialog: Now who’s ready for after party?! And on the cheers of the crowd, FADE UP MUSIC and over this image, WE SEE: SUPER: “The Room was released in 1 theatre on June 27, 2003.”
0) 18) text: “Tommy paid to keep it there for two weeks - in an effort to qualify for the Academy Awards.”