59) 0) text: Aunt Edna is sitting in the middle. On her left is Rusty. her right is Audrey. They have their arms drawn in close their bodies to avoid touching Aunt Edna. She is breathin loudly in and out of her nose.
61) 1) dialog: Clark? May I inquire as to why you were so rude to the Johnsons? , I'm just curious. Did they do something to you?
61) 3) dialog: You should have had the knockwurst. It was splendid! She robustly breaks wind without realizing it. Audrey explodes with giggles.
61) 4) dialog: (continuing) And the kraut was out of this world.
61) 7) dialog: Not in the slightest. Beet RR me 5
65) 0) text: The family trudges up the hill to their tents. Aunt Edna grumbling about the accommodations.
78) 1) dialog: I was afraid you'd get pulled over. You've been exceeding the speed limit for thousands of miles.
78) 7) dialog: (with a noticable lack of care) That's one, Clark.
80) 1) dialog: This your idea of a good restaurant, dog killer? _
82) 0) text: It is quiet once again. Ellen is asleep in the front seat. Aunt Edna is asleep in back, snoring and gurgling. Audrey is reading a book: and eating shoestring licorice which she has threaded up through her shirt collar, behind her ear and into her mouth so that Rusty won't see. Clark is driving, it's boring and his mind is wandering. The erotic moan of the Ferrari engine in the distance perks him up. Then as if out of nowhere, the Ferrari appears in his mirror. he glances over quickly to see that Ellen's asleep. Then he whips out his comb and adjus his hairstyle, combing it forward. He wipes his mouth and adjusts his shirt. He puts his arm up and flexes his bisc (CONTINUED)
86) 0) text: Ellen is looking at the map. Aunt Edna is clipping her nails. Rusty is listening to the walk-man. Audrey is hit in the eye by a flying nail. Clark is shaving with a portable electric razor plugged into the cigarette lighter.
87) 5) dialog: Watch your language, Clark. Where were you brought up? In the jungle?
89) 1) dialog: You're lost! . !
90) 6) dialog: (toothless yammer) My bones! My bones!
91) 7) dialog: Ellen, help me out of here, will you.
91) 9) dialog: Don't you tell me what to do! I'll do what I want! I should never have come on this trip. I should have taken an airplane. (continuing; crazy toothless yammer) You shouldn't even have a license to operate an automobile! You Le should be behind bars! Aunt Edna pulls herself up off the seat. Ellen puts a hand on her head and shoves her back in.
97) 0) text: Sitting from left to right with blank, exhausted expressi are Ellen, Audrey, who's holding her stomach, Aunt Edna w her broken dentures upside down in her mouth, and Rusty playing a pinball machine in the back. Clark is fooling with a salted nut dispenser. We hear MEN LAUGHING and TOOLS CLANGING on the floor in the repair bay.
99) 0) text: * The car is quiet except for the annoying RATTLE. Aunt Edna is snoring. (CONTINUED)
99) 21) text: Look! ;' Rusty carefully extracts the purse from under Aunt Edna's He opens it and pulls out wads of Kleenex, glasses, pill a dinner roll, photos, dog biscuits and at the very botto coin purse. RUSTY . She's got eleven cents, Dad. Clark pounds the steering wheel.
117) 0) text: (oY SUPER: LAKE HAVASU CITY Rain pours down in sheets as the station wagon creeps alo a subdivision street. Lightning flashes, silhouetting the draped figure of Aunt Edna on the roof. She looks like a ghost riding on the luggage rack. Clark hangs out his bro window, trying to read house numbers. There it is! The station wagon pulls in the drive of a small adobe tra house. Clark gets out and runs up to the porch. Ellen fol holding the map over her head to protect t's left of her hairdo. Clark RINGS the doorbell.
121) 1) dialog: (she struggles against the clothesline) That's two, Clark.