0) 2) dialog: Car trouble huh?
0) 4) dialog: Well mam, let me see what I can do. Chase moves to the front of the car, looks it over as Sar watches over his shoulder.
0) 6) dialog: Could be worse. Busted water heater hose. Chase faces the woman, his eyes penetrating hers.
0) 9) dialog: Well, at this time of night, it might be extra costly.
0) 11) dialog: Well, it's possible...I might be able to accept payment... in other ways. She seems to be giving in.
0) 13) dialog: Well, let's just call it a barter.
0) 16) dialog: (rubs his sore chest) Honey, I told you about that hose a week ago.
0) 18) dialog: What about all that women's 1ib?
0) 20) text: woeRin wrong RAtGPngr ‘RW traditions in this life...Like the man fixing things. (beat) Who is watching Raquel? Chase moves back to his truck
0) 21) dialog: You know for an twelve year old, she can almost run the shop herself. She's fine honey, she can get us on the CB if she needs to. Chase fishes through his TOOL BOX for a clamp and hose. And then we hear that _sound..... The HAUNTING CACKLE OF RADIO from his truck. It cuts through the rustic silence like a knife.
0) 24) dialog: This is Chase Jackson. Who is that? Over. Nothing. He waits a moment, maybe hoping there will be no answer.
0) 25) dialog: Come on back. Over. A beat. Then...
0) 28) dialog: Highway twenty four, just east of Lonesome Trail. Another beat, maybe longer. Feels like it.
0) 30) dialog: Hello? What's headed my way? Come back friend. Wham! A FLASH OF LIGHT hits Chase like a club. Sara stand near by with an OLD TIME VIDEO CAMERA, filming her husban playfully.
0) 31) dialog: Geez honey...you can blind a guy with that thing. She smiles, shifts it around the area.
0) 35) dialog: Grumpy, huh? Why not? I support my family driving a tow truck. I live in a town that isn't even on some maps. My accomplishments I could count on one hand. Yeah, me grumpy...? Sara is still transfixed on what she saw in the dark, mov towards it. The air is almost completely SILENT. WHAM! A CAR smashes into her from out of nowhere! Chase spins...
0) 36) dialog: Sara!!! Too late. Her body is thrown into the air. Chase runs to his wife in a panic, dropping to his knees her crumpled body. He cradles her easily in his lap, know damn well what is about to happen.
0) 37) dialog: No sweetheart....no. Please don't go. Beside her is the camera. Battered and torn. The car weaves onward, it's drunken driver has no intenti of stopping. Chase watches his wife slip from him as he rocks her slow Her eyes reaching out to him.
35) 5) dialog: Smells good. As always.
35) 7) dialog: Was up on the mountain. Raquel stops, looks to his father and then to the dark sh laying on the porch.
35) 9) dialog: Just checkin for traps. Poachers still wandering around there. (CONTINUED)
35) 13) dialog: Deer.
35) 15) dialog: No. Found it out there. It's neck broke. Raquel moves back to the table.
35) 17) dialog: Because....something gutted it tore out the insides. Just wanted to look him over, that's all. Raquel sighs.
35) 19) dialog: Look...something killed the deer. I just want to make sure it ain't some bunch of kids, that's all. She smiles, touches his hand.
36) 0) text: Chase moves through the living room, stopping by a window Next to him is a bookshelf, a CB RADIO CACKLES on the she Chase looks over his shoulder and realizing he's alone he reaches behind a ROW OF BOOKS and pulls out a small book, begins flipping through it. Then the radio grabs his attention....
36) 3) dialog: It's okay. You can startle your crazy old man anytime.
36) 5) dialog: Don't matter what anybody thinks. Your all that matters to me. And I promise I won't drag you into anything like that again. She smiles, nods.
36) 9) dialog: Night sweetheart. She steps back into the hallway and Chase looks out the window, his mind racing. He drops the book on the window sill and quickly moves off. We finally get a good look at the book and see SASQUATCH: FICTION OR FACT. The ominous image on the front grabbing attention.
45) 0) text: Luke hangs upside down from the tree branches. Blood stre down his face, his eyes shut. The CRACKLING OF TWIGS brin him slowly back to his painful life. His eyes look around blurry as the MUZZLE OF A SHOTGUN pokes him in the face. Chase leans his head in.
45) 1) dialog: Well, you are still alive. (CONTINUED)
45) 5) dialog: Sure. Chase grabs his shirt and yanks him down...hard.
46) 0) text: Luke looks across at Chase who sits on a rock, his shotgu across his lap, the barrel still pointed at Luke. The blo runs down Luke's hand.
46) 2) dialog: Not too many gigolos out here. (beat) What are you doing hanging around in that tree? Luke becomes more alert as it all starts to come back to
46) 4) dialog: Thing?
46) 6) dialog: (looking for some reaffirming) Weird gorilla?
46) 8) dialog: You sure it wasn't a bear? (CONTINUED)
46) 12) dialog: That's a werewolf. (beat, excited) Where was it? How big? Luke stands, trying to get his bearings, points.
46) 14) dialog: Let's go. Luke moves forward, staggering.
46) 15) dialog: Hurry up.
46) 17) dialog: Your lucky I don't take you out right now! You killed a police officer and I'd have every right to gun your miserable self down. Had himself a family. Luke looks as if this may effect him...just a bit.
46) 19) dialog: Stop here. (CONTINUED)
46) 22) dialog: (sotto) I knew it. I always knew it. (beat) But what are you doing?
46) 24) dialog: You stumble on to this thing feeding or something? Threaten it?
46) 26) dialog: Tell me where your friends are headed.
47) 27) dialog: Drop the guns. (CONTINUED)
47) 31) dialog: Drop ‘em.
47) 34) dialog: I'm the only chance you have of getting out of here alive.
47) 36) dialog: Because... I think I know.. what's out there.
47) 41) dialog: What you have out there right now is something very powerful, very smart and for some reason he seems to want you all dead.
47) 43) dialog: Because he's been following you a good four miles and it looks to be a bit more than curiosity. Travis fidgets with this, finding for once they must be u against a wall.
47) 45) dialog: I just said I'm the only chance you got.
47) 47) dialog: And you can't shoot if you don't have arms. WHAM! A LOUD METALLIC BANG OUTSIDE.
49) 23) dialog: You okay there little darling? Erin is shaking. Rage, nerves...but shaking.
52) 2) text: Chase sees it first, his face in a momentary state of sho and awe. Then, he is back on reflex.
52) 3) dialog: Move it!! He shoulders his rifle and fires, tearing up the bushes a roars in anger. Travis and Harris quickly stumble back to the door as the thing charges!
55) 12) dialog: Freeze dried jerky.
55) 18) dialog: He knows when something is going to hurt, just like the rest of us. He knows what to do to stop it too. Just like the rest of you. (beat) Priscilla back at the cafe covered for your sorry butt boy. I know that girl. She did that cause you made her feel important, didn't you hot shot? Said something to make her feel like you were going come back and make her a princess. But you don't give a damn, do you? And you did it anyway. Luke looks to Erin, feeling naked.
55) 21) dialog: No...you don't owe anyone anything, do you? But at least right now...you ain't fooling no one either. Luke looks once more to Erin, his shield down. 74.
56) 0) text: Chase takes a seat at the kitchen table, trying to peak o into the night. Harris joins him at the table. There may some estrangement here.
56) 1) dialog: I'm sorry about your officer. He seemed like a good kid.
56) 4) dialog: You don't have to apologize for no one sheriff.
56) 6) dialog: No hard feelings Harris. What are you going to do. I have to pull over some guy speeding through town, he looks up at me and says with a snicker: "Hey officer, ain't you the guy that filmed Bigfoot? I seen you on TV." (beat, has heard it before) You can't have someone wearing that badge that made a name for himself talking about a big ape. (beat) (MORE) (CONTINUED)
57) 0) text: As Chase rounds the corner, he notes the TV on, the haunt image of himself and his wife on the screen and the group the living room watching closely, riveted. The tape in th VCR.
57) 5) dialog: Bigfoot. Sasquatch. The Mountain Devil. Got itself a lot of names. But kid, outside of that, everything I thought I knew...was wrong. The captive audience doesn't move an inch.
60) 0) text: The others in the living room align themselves to see dow the hall. Chase moves closer. Wade stands near the front door.
60) 1) dialog: What is it?
63) 5) dialog: Hold it. Hold it. The gun fire stops, the SOUND OF FOOTSTEPS TEARING THROUG THE HOUSE. A GLASS BREAKS. Instinctively all look around the side of the house.
71) 3) dialog: This clearing up ahead, it's another half mile and we're at the edge of town. They continue to look behind them, nervously. Erin looks back to see Luke writing something on AN ENVEL and sticking it into his pocket. She frowns, knowing ther is cash inside of it from the bag. She moves over to him.
71) 15) dialog: Forget it! You two cut back through the trees. Keep running and don't stop. Luke pauses a moment as Chase pulls Harris with him throu the trees, back into the forest. He fires off a shot at t beast as it begins to pummel both Ken and Travis. The bea turns to Chase as Luke and Erin slip away in another direction. IT TURNS TO THEM, FANGS GLISTENING. Boom! Chase fires another shot and Sasquatch turns back t the older men, moving towards them. (CONTINUED)
72) 1) dialog: Hah! Come on!! Bam! Then it's quiet. CRICKETS. The wind. WHOOMP! A TRUCK DRIVES by them! It's huge carcass of meta passing by at seventy miles per hour. The two jump. They look to the ground and see the cement. They are on a road! They turn to the truck, yelling. But continues down the road, the light slowly dissolving into dark and then it's gone.
72) 12) dialog: Erin! She turns, surprised to see Chase and Harris limp their w from the trees. Chase's gun now trained on the simian. Th move to her as it closes in on them agonizingly slow. Chase's rifle remains focused on him.
72) 13) dialog: Well, come on then! (CONTINUED)
72) 20) text: It's small newborn arms wrapped around her neck, grasping fur tightly. It's matted hair, still wet from it's recent birth. Chase lowers his rifle, Harris lowers his head and Erin h back what may be a tear as they all come to realize who h been the real invaders here. With one final breath, mother and child step back with th fallen father and disappear into the darkness of the timb Luke's eyes return to Erin.
73) 0) text: Stanley's truck and Chase's tow truck sit off the side of road. Harris, Erin and Stanley carefully place Luke's coa covered body into the back. Off to the side, Chase with his arm wrapped over Raquel's shoulder, stares out into the forest.
73) 4) dialog: I got a lot of making up to do with you. He pulls her across the street as they move towards the others. Stanley turns (CONTINUED)
73) 10) dialog: Join the club Sheriff. Chase and his daughter move off towards their truck. Harris turns back to see Erin who stands at the far end o the street. Erin looks down to see the envelope in her hand. A smile touches her lips as she reaches down and pulls the ring f her finger.