1) 6) dialog: Have I seen him? Uh no sir I haven't. I have seen the occasional prankster in a monkey suit. But all this attention does put smiles on most people's faces here. Not to mention a few helpful tourist dollars. Next we see KEN ROBINSON. Deputy, 30s, dark features, fixated, his eyes scanning the area. The kind of guy that takes charge. He smiles, humoring the TV crew.
5) 0) text: Harris is locking up the PHARMACY, hangs the sign up BACK 30 MINUTES.
5) 3) dialog: Well, got a call from Ms. Starr and she said she got herself a car blocking her drive way. Going to see if I can figure out whose it is.
5) 7) dialog: I know those insurance companies don't like me putting in more than a couple hours under my badge, but I'm still the sheriff. Turning seventy ain't a death warrant.
5) 9) dialog: You can help by backing me up as Ms. Starr can get pretty ornery sometimes. Ken smiles and the two set off down the street to Harris' TRUCK.
14) 33) dialog: Stan, keep your head. Ken, you see anything? Ken is tucked behind his car.
14) 38) dialog: This is Sheriff Harris Zeff. Throw out your weapons and release the hostage. Let's keep from shedding any more blood. Behind the over turned S.U.V., The crew wait huddled for orders from Travis. Their attention drawn to the new thre Dustin spots a WAD OF CASH and grabs it. He then takes a beat and moves quietly to the mountain edge....and disappears.
14) 47) dialog: Seize fire! Ken watches, or more appropriately listens, carefully. Harris gets back on his bullhorn, clears his throat.
14) 48) dialog: Listen up. We don't want any more getting killed. What do you say we talk? No response.
14) 52) dialog: Cover me.
14) 56) dialog: They're in the timber! The men move over to him quickly, looking over the small perimeter. Craig is pumped.
14) 59) dialog: Tell him we need everyone. Make sure that Eli closes up the Hardware store and brings all his rifles out here. Stanley moves off. The others look to the vast forest ahead of them.
14) 61) dialog: Your right about that.
17) 0) text: A BEAT UP TRUCK pulls up to the other officers. Jumping f the creaky door is ELI, 50s and as rusty as his truck. He carries a HIGH POWERED RIFLE in one hand and a LONG SPORT BAG WITH RIFLES in the other. He heads to Harris, hands h the bag as the two move towards the clearing.
17) 1) dialog: Eli, you got here quick.
17) 3) dialog: Yeah.
17) 5) dialog: (notes something) Where the dogs? (CONTINUED)
17) 8) dialog: We got to move on this now, they got themselves a hostage.
17) 13) dialog: Hey, watch where your mouths boys.
17) 15) dialog: Chase is a good man. He lost himself a lot. Just looking for his way...like the rest of us. (CONTINUED)
17) 19) dialog: They're dangerous Eli. Just lead the way. Eli starts down the hill, not waiting.
17) 22) dialog: Here ya go Ken. Your the best shot.
17) 24) dialog: Stanley, you stay and wait here until back up arrives. Ken turns to Harris.
17) 26) dialog: We're going into Dark Territory. Cell phones and radios will last about a mile. Let's get some flare guns. Craig smiles, ready for a change. (CONTINUED)
19) 1) dialog: Eli, we got your markers. Where you at? Over.
19) 3) dialog: Just keep your distance. Over and out.
19) 5) dialog: Radio Stanley, find out where the back up is. Ken gets on the walky.
23) 0) text: Harris and his posse hear the same sounds, their guns at ready.
23) 5) dialog: Eli come in..... Eli.... The others look to him.
26) 0) text: Harris, Ken and Craig show up at the area where the bridg was. Harris leans against the tree, taking in some much needed breather. Craig holds up the walky.
26) 10) dialog: Just catching my breath. (beat) Let's head down river, we'll find a crossing. The trio move quickly down river.
30) 8) dialog: What in the world...? The others look to his feet and see what he is looking at GOOEY, WET WEB mixed with what can only be...blood.
30) 13) dialog: Bear?
30) 20) dialog: Sorry old boy. (beat) Looks like he was beaten to death. No bullet holes. Harris looks up.
30) 22) dialog: Can't figure. Beat him pretty good. Ken moves back in.
30) 27) dialog: Easy. Don't focus on him. Focus on what we need to do. We'll have to leave him here. We head back out and find these people before they can do this again. The three men look to each other, knowing they are in the fight of their lives. 42.
32) 0) text: Harris, Ken and Craig all stop. The SOUND OF GUNFIRE dyin in the distance.
32) 3) dialog: Let's hurry.
37) 11) dialog: Sshhhhhh.....
37) 13) dialog: Go ahead...answer him.
37) 18) dialog: Hey.... Harris is on his feet now, shooting. Kayla yanks Erin further back into the forest Travis grabs the bag of cash. Wade pulls back as the area is torn up around him. Luke goes for his gun over by the tree....Just_ as Ken's comes down on it! Luke sighs and relaxes...then explodes upward, taking Ken against a tree! The gun falls from Ken hand and the two men engage in a vicious "street" brawl throwing each other around in a frenzy. At one point, Ken as Luke pinned against a tree and a noi almost sounds like a GROWL, grabs both their attention. They pause a beat, but Luke is the first to recover, figh back once again.
38) 0) text: Harris moves through the woods, his breathing heavy. He charges ahead, focused.
42) 4) dialog: Drop the weapons! Travis and the others turn, Harris stand off to the side, rifle trained on the robbers. The older officer is breath heavy.
42) 5) dialog: Enough is enough. Let's just put those down and we'll all walk out of here. Travis clutches the money tightly, not about to run yet. Ken pops up with his gun. (CONTINUED)
42) 16) text: Shrouded in the dark, the eight foot tall creature is sti an ominous sight. And then it charges.... As the beast closes in on them, Travis finally aims and f as the three of them move out into the field. Ken grabs Erin and turns to Harris.
44) 6) dialog: Don't do this. Put ‘em down. (CONTINUED)
44) 11) dialog: Easy now son, just stay cool.
44) 13) dialog: That's the right attitude.
44) 23) dialog: Hold it! Hold it! The shooting stops. Everyone remains quiet, waiting for w is to follow.
47) 0) text: WE MOVE with Ken ACROSS the quiet living room until we se Erin and Harris seated on the couch, gun-less. He joins them. Travis is seated at the fireplace, the warm glow lighting room. Kayla watches the windows.
47) 7) dialog: Seems nothing stands between you all and your money. Some people have strange loyalties. Travis notes this key word.
47) 9) dialog: Just what it is son. Life is all about loyalty. Question will always be, where do you place yours? Travis smiles at the older man.
47) 11) dialog: Ain't no more in here than in yours partner. I've just been making the right choices. Travis is locked into this guy now, something between the
47) 13) dialog: Is that your criteria for the right choice? Travis stands, uncomfortable.
47) 18) dialog: You lookin for Canada, huh? well, I would say you were a hell of a lot closer to it this morning. But somewhere a long the way, you started walkin back to our fine little village.
50) 0) text: The rear door to the cabin opens slowly....Harris sticks head out, looks around, SMALL FLASHLIGHT in his hand.
50) 1) dialog: Can't see nothing. (CONTINUED)
50) 5) dialog: Son, at my age I'm comforted knowing I am still standing here talking to somebody.
50) 7) dialog: Age before beauty. Travis smirks and moves out, Harris follows behind. Chase presses himself up against the door, rifle ready. Harris and Travis move over to the SMALL GENERATOR along of the wall. A CABLE has been broken off, the dents and scratches on the generator very apparent. They rotate the flashlight to the side where a LARGE ROCK sits.
50) 9) dialog: Looks pretty clean. I think I can reattach it. He fumbles around with the cable as both Chase and Harris scan the area closely, nervously. Everything seems to mov The trees. The bushes. The night itself.
56) 0) text: Chase takes a seat at the kitchen table, trying to peak o into the night. Harris joins him at the table. There may some estrangement here.
56) 2) dialog: He was. Harris fidgets a bit, but remaining focused.
56) 3) dialog: I just....well, I want to say, considering these circumstances..... All these years...people In town not understanding... Not...
56) 5) dialog: Well, okay. I'll apologize for myself then. I always figured whatever it was out there that night you lost Sara...it wasn't...I also know I had a lot to say about you not being a part of my department. It's just...just I Chase stands. It's uncomfortable, but he can also understand.
56) 9) dialog: I hate to say it but I wish I could say you were crazy at this point. (beat, looks outside) But your not. Then, to both of their surprise, the VOICE OF SARA laughi begins to drift from out of the living room...
60) 8) dialog: Wait'll he drops him!
62) 0) text: Harris tries to get a shot and then...
62) 1) dialog: Damn it to hell... He shoots the creature in the leg. It roars and spins Wad smack into Travis who flies across the room. It's eyes on fire it moves towards Travis. Harris sees this and rushes to Travis, grabbing him, drag him out the front door
62) 2) dialog: Everyone out now! Luke spots the cash on the counter and moves for it. Erin pops in the room seeing him grab it. He turns to her, a beat, then.
63) 0) text: The group is outside, turning back to the nightmare insid the house. Ken looks to Harris. (CONTINUED)
63) 4) dialog: Stay there. As Harris moves to the door, gun raised, the SOUND OF SCREAMING AND DESTRUCTION suddenly halt. The silence is deafening. All look towards the dark house staring back a them. Ken reaches over and grabs the cash bag from Luke's hand. Footsteps in the trees! They all swing to look and see Ka moving as fast as she can through the dark. WHAM! The creature charges the front door! All the guns open fire! Tearing the front of the cabin up the beast roars back inside.
63) 7) dialog: Let's go. The group starts at a run, the same direction Kayla vanis in. 80.
64) 0) text: The anxious group plows through the darkness, the moonlig their only guide. Their hearts carrying their legs faster and further than they're used to. Harris' breathes deeply, his gasps painful.
70) 0) text: The group are now suddenly aware of the quiet. The scream and growls no more. Harris, his face in immediate pain, clutches his chest as collapses to the ground. Ken turns to him.
71) 7) dialog: Thank you.
71) 14) dialog: Ken! Luke goes for a log and then...
72) 20) text: It's small newborn arms wrapped around her neck, grasping fur tightly. It's matted hair, still wet from it's recent birth. Chase lowers his rifle, Harris lowers his head and Erin h back what may be a tear as they all come to realize who h been the real invaders here. With one final breath, mother and child step back with th fallen father and disappear into the darkness of the timb Luke's eyes return to Erin.
72) 27) dialog: Stanley? You there? Over. A beat...and then a very excited Stanley pops on the walk
72) 29) dialog: Yeah, it's me.
72) 31) dialog: Not sure son, but it's a heck of a lot better than where I was before.
73) 0) text: Stanley's truck and Chase's tow truck sit off the side of road. Harris, Erin and Stanley carefully place Luke's coa covered body into the back. Off to the side, Chase with his arm wrapped over Raquel's shoulder, stares out into the forest.
73) 2) dialog: No. That's one of the good guys. Raquel looks to her father.
73) 8) dialog: Yeah...a bear or something.