2) 10) dialog: What's with you guys anyway? Aren't you supposed to be identical twins to have all the ESP?
2) 17) dialog: Where's lover boy? 10.
6) 9) dialog: Let's go. I need some excitement after hanging around you guys. The crew take one last look around the empty street and s towards the bank...their masks going on as they near the doors.
9) 17) dialog: He saw your face.
13) 0) text: Erin's eyes flutter open. Blood drips down from her forehead. She looks through her cracked windshield and se Another car up on a rock. Wade stumbles around aimlessly. The window is kicked open as Travis moves out with Kayla. Flames erupt around Erin's cab. She reaches for her seat belt, releases it, drops to the ground and looks to A BACKPACK at her feet. She tosses it to the ground outside As she scrambles to get out, she notices a hand grabbing backpack. As she moves towards the window, the same hand suddenly reaches in and yanks her out.
14) 11) dialog: Just fine. How are you? Wade turns to Erin, fire in his eyes as he pulls his gun!
14) 31) dialog: Just your friendly neighborhood bank robbers. Ken's car and the truck pull up to a skidding halt. They jump from their vehicles, weapons drawn. They are joined CRAIG STONE, young and probably never really sure why he this job. His uniform unbuttoned, sloppy. STANLEY VAUGHN the new one of the bunch, ready for the next step. And he about to get it.
14) 39) dialog: There's only four of them.
16) 0) text: Travis, Erin and the others (minus Luke) move through the trees. It is obvious that none of this is indigenous to a of them. They are in new territory. Kayla maintains close contact with Erin, then turns to wade.
16) 1) dialog: I always thought Dustin was a loser.
16) 8) dialog: Where's boy toy? The others turn to look, Luke is no where in sight.
16) 15) dialog: You look nervous there sweetheart Erin makes a noise that could be a laugh.
24) 1) dialog: You don't think that screaming was Dustin do you?
24) 3) dialog: We're walking right towards it.
31) 3) dialog: He's right about that Travis. Dead weight. What do we need her for?
31) 8) dialog: What is that smell? (CONTINUED)
33) 2) dialog: What was that? You hear that noise?
33) 8) dialog: Human?
37) 0) text: The group pushes through the trees. Erin and Kayla walk s by side. Kayla smirks.
37) 1) dialog: You know, some of us don't have the luck of being born or married into money. So we look for the only other way to get it.
37) 3) dialog: (laughs) Honey, we all think somebody owes us. I can look at you in two minutes and tell you think somebosy owes you something. It may not be cash...but it's something. Erin breaks away from her and pushes up to Travis.
40) 0) text: Travis, Kayla, Wade and Erin move quickly through the woo Erin suddenly makes a break...running through the woods. Kayla moves after her.
40) 2) dialog: Hell no.
42) 0) text: Kayla moves on Erin and dives for her at a run. The two g down. Erin does her best to take Kayla out, but the robbe is an over match. Kayla rains a couple punches down on he and puts her into a choke, slowly closing down on her win pipe.
42) 1) dialog: I always hated those well to do snobs that think life is going to always be there just for them. Well, guess what? No one owes you nothing! Erin throws her head back, knocking Kayla from her neck Erin rubs her throat, stares at the dazed Kayla, her eyes burning.
42) 14) dialog: Oh my..... The others turn and the darkness comes to life.
44) 4) dialog: I don't see anything. A moment of pause and then their current situation comes into play. Travis spins his weapon at the cops.
44) 14) dialog: We ain't putting our guns down Travis. Not now, no way.
44) 17) dialog: (feeling the strain) What the hell was that?
44) 24) dialog: What is out there!!?? Wade looks to Ken.
47) 0) text: WE MOVE with Ken ACROSS the quiet living room until we se Erin and Harris seated on the couch, gun-less. He joins them. Travis is seated at the fireplace, the warm glow lighting room. Kayla watches the windows.
47) 6) dialog: We're going to have to sometime. No pissed off bear is going to stand between me and my money.
47) 19) dialog: What? A circle?
49) 3) dialog: What? It can't be that thing, can it? I mean, it doesn't have a brain. (turns to Chase) Does it?
49) 15) dialog: Who is that old man! Chase appears to be at a loss as everyone else. Erin looks to the corner of the room, her back pack sitti unguarded. She moves to it quickly, flips it open and pul out from a small zipper inside....A GUN! She charges up to Travis in the commotion and sticks the in his ear.
51) 0) text: Kayla and Luke look around the room as the lights come ba on.
55) 1) text: with the videotape in her hands. An OLD TV near by. Luke stands over Erin, stands near her. Kayla rolls h eyes at him. He catches this, turns to Erin.
55) 10) dialog: Shot down.... Luke reaches for a PACK OF SOMETHING on the table. Pulls a food substance and starts to chew it, reacts and looks Chase in the corner.
57) 6) dialog: Well, I don't know about the rest of you killjoys, but I got a bladder that's been yelling at me for an hour now. (to Erin) Come on GI Jane, let's go powder ourselves. Erin stands, a bit unsure but follows her down the hall. Luke stands, moves to the window.
58) 0) text: Erin leans against the bathroom door. Kayla is pulling up pants, the scars running up and down her beautiful legs. Kayla notes Erin is staring.
58) 1) dialog: Admiring my beautiful legs? See, I don't keep photos of my ex boyfriend all folded up in my purse. These are all the reminders I get. She buttons them up and moves to the sink to wash her han looking at Erin's reflection in the mirror.
58) 2) dialog: That's right. We all got our scars. Some of us just wear them on the inside. Cover them up better with a nice car, an interesting life or a pair of big tits. Kayla moves close to Erin, looks at her a beat. (CONTINUED)
58) 5) dialog: Some of us can't hide them. Some of us have to carry them around for the whole world to see. Kayla moves out the door.
59) 0) text: Kayla and Erin move down the narrow hallway. As they pass door....
60) 2) dialog: Don't know old timer...probably nothing. As Chase moves closer, those in the living room stand sta still. Wade stands by the front door, smells the air.
61) 0) text: AS Erin bolts for the living room, Kayla takes her chance flies through the room and out the window.
65) 0) text: Kayla moves quickly through the trees, not sure where she going and not caring. Instincts on auto drive. As she pounds through the mud and earth, the sound of crashing t grabs her attention. She stops, waiting, listening. THE SOUND AGAIN. Her breathing speeds up, the sound too close. Kayla turns to a tree and frantically begins to climb. He arms grasping for any branch. We grit our own teeth watch her climb. Then beneath her, Sasquatch appears!
66) 0) text: The group stops, KAYLA'S SCREAMING off in the distance.
67) 0) text: Kayla struggles up the tree. The Sasquatch begins to ram it's massive body against the tree! Kayla aims her gun un steadily at the monster and fires off several shots to no avail. And then the gun finally clicks!
69) 0) text: The Sasquatch turns for a moment, the shots grabbing his attention. Kayla makes some distance...but not enough. Sh has hit the top of the tree! She turns back to see the Sasquatch now once again focused on her. Kayla's face grow's defiant as she spits at the beast. (CONTINUED)
69) 3) dialog: You don't get the pleasure you ass! And Kayla dives from the tree!