3) 0) text: The kind of place you'd expect to find in the middle of nowhere. Quiet, Uneventful. SIROM,30s, our local law man sits at the bar with his coffee moving at the speed of sy The kitchen door opens. Our BUXOM WAITRESS moves slightly disheveled over to Sirom's table. She fumbles for her not pad from her badly buttoned shirt, the name tag reads “PRISCILLA”.
3) 1) dialog: Sorry about the wait, Sirom. You want some more coffee?
3) 3) dialog: Well, have a good day Sirom. Say hi to Louise. Priscilla shrugs, licks her lipstick smeared lips, and mo down the diner.
4) 0) text: Priscilla moves through the hall, into the darker kitchen PAIR OF TATTOOED ARMS WRAP AROUND HER, COVER HER MOUTH.
4) 3) dialog: You don't get tired do you?
4) 7) dialog: I got customers out there.
4) 9) dialog: A second? Guess you really don't wait for tomorrow, do you? (beat) Hey Luke, you really going to come back to take me out of here? Luke smiles, sort of sweetly.
4) 11) dialog: I guess not in the whole four days I known you.
7) 0) text: Priscilla is fixing her shirt while Luke sits on the stov lighting a cigarette off the flames. He now sports a hat says "I Lie To Girls".
7) 1) dialog: I never been to New York before.
7) 3) dialog: Will we get a house with a big yard and a dog? Luke blows a cloud of smoke.
7) 5) dialog: Ah...one o'clock. I got to sweep the floor. Luke jumps up.
7) 9) dialog: Well...you'll come back soon, won't you?
7) 11) dialog: Here's my number. Sometimes my momma answers but she'll get me for ya. (kisses him) Call me soon. I'll be dreaming of that day we drive out of here for good. Luke touches her face sweetly.
8) 0) text: Luke moves from the store and over to the waiting VAN. He checks the surroundings and hops in. Starts the engine takes a look at Priscilla's number, kisses the paper and throws it into the wind. The van speeds off and Sirom steps out to watch it go....
74) 0) text: The sun bathes the mountain side with fresh new warmth. In front of the diner from the opening scene is Priscilla sweeping the porch, the routine she has done most of her life. A RENTAL CAR pulls up into the lot, stopping shy of the front. WE FOLLOW THE FEMALE LEGS as they move towards the hard working waitress. Priscilla turns to see Erin approa
74) 4) dialog: Hi there.
74) 6) dialog: That's me. Erin reaches into her purse and pulls out the envelope.
74) 8) dialog: For me? What is it? Erin hands it to her.