0) 20) text: woeRin wrong RAtGPngr ‘RW traditions in this life...Like the man fixing things. (beat) Who is watching Raquel? Chase moves back to his truck
10) 4) dialog: That's a special tape. Erin turns to see RAQUEL JACKSON, 20s, country pretty. Blonde hair and blue eyes that make you want to smile. In her coveralls, she moves over to Erin.
10) 6) dialog: Raquel.
10) 8) dialog: My daddy loves Raquel Welsh. I mean, he loved my momma too, but you know men.
10) 11) dialog: This tape is kind of infamous, or even famous depending on who you talk to. They call it the Jackson Footage. For better or for worse, kind of put this little town on the map. You might have even caught a piece of it on TV at one time or another. (CONTINUED)
10) 14) dialog: It's the last thing my mother ever saw before she was killed. Erin reacts to this, her attention now locked.
10) 15) dialog: And in some ways, it's now the first thing my father ever seems to remember. (beat) It only lasts a couple seconds, and kind of hard to see as is usually the case, but there is something there. Maybe a bear, someone in a suit...but it's there. (Raquel tries to remain strong) It's grabs your attention, like it did my mother that night. Erin, lost in the moment, wanting to hear more, begins to speak when Raquel snaps back into today, pulling out of t past, laughs.
10) 16) dialog: You want me to fill her up?
11) 0) text: Erin climbs into the car as Raquel finishes pumping the g and moves to the window. Erin pays her.
11) 2) dialog: Thanks. So where you running to? Erin almost looks caught in the headlights.
11) 6) dialog: Not that I'm being nosey...well, maybe a bit. I watch a lot of those detective shows. I saw all them boxes taped up like you were in arush. But everything else in your car looks so neat. Made me think you aren't sloppy so you must have been in a real hurry. Erin laughs, knowing she has been pegged.
11) 8) dialog: You take this. I really don't know what I could have sold this for It would have either been too much or not enough. I think if anyone should take this out of my life it's someone who knows how to move on. (re: The Indian Totem) I'll even toss this in for free. For luck.
11) 10) dialog: Believe me, my pleasure. Erin begins to drive off. She stops a moment at the road when she notices something. She tilts her rear view mirro to see the side of the gas station. Standing there, watching her leave, is a man, 50s. Partia obscured by the screen door. His piercing gaze hits her e from there. This is CHASE JACKSON, twenty years older sin we last saw him. (CONTINUED)
35) 0) text: Raquel moves back and forth between the dining room and t kitchen. Some great dinner made by hand. (CONTINUED)
35) 3) dialog: Dad...what are you doing out there? Supper's ready. The figure opens the door and a shaft of light catches Chase's face. On closer look, we see a strong face, handsome. His lips smile but something in his eyes is not happy. Raquel pours some wine.
35) 4) dialog: Make sure and close that screen door, the mosquitos are terrible right now. Chase nears the table, smiles.
35) 6) dialog: Well, I learned a few things right from Mom and this is one of them. Where you been anyway? Chase takes a seat, grabs a fork.
35) 8) dialog: Why were you out there again daddy? She moves slowly towards the screen door, staring at the large object.
35) 12) dialog: Daddy....what is that? She gets to the door and notes the BODY OF A LARGE BUCK laying outside.
35) 14) dialog: You shoot it...?
35) 16) dialog: Why'd you bring it back here?
35) 18) dialog: Look him over? (shakes her head) Just taking a scientific curiosity? Chase gets a bit worked up.
35) 20) dialog: Dad, there are a lot of mysterious to life. Some you can explain some you can't. Mom's death you are just going to have to explain, because the longer you keep it a mystery to yourself, you'll never stop looking. (CONTINUED)
36) 2) dialog: Sorry daddy.
36) 4) dialog: I don't think your crazy daddy. I never did. I just didn't like leaving the door open in our lives for other people to think that way. Whatever you saw that day, whatever was on that tape, doesn't matter to me. You put us on the map. You're a good man and it's not right having everyone we pass in the street lookin at you like you anything but.
36) 6) dialog: Okay, well night daddy. (CONTINUED)
73) 0) text: Stanley's truck and Chase's tow truck sit off the side of road. Harris, Erin and Stanley carefully place Luke's coa covered body into the back. Off to the side, Chase with his arm wrapped over Raquel's shoulder, stares out into the forest.
73) 3) dialog: What happened out there? Chase takes a beat, thinks. He hugs her tighter