0) 3) dialog: Nothing better at this time of night.
0) 5) dialog: Is it bad?
0) 7) dialog: Expensive, huh? He looks her up and down. (CONTINUED)
0) 10) dialog: (taken a bit by surprise) Oh really? You mean, you'll charge me more for a night call? It is obvious where Chase is going with this flirting.
0) 12) dialog: Well....this doesn't sound ethical. He moves in...very close.
0) 14) dialog: I see... Then the two engage in a long kiss. Sara pulls back and punches Chase in the chest
0) 15) dialog: Chase...How could you let me go to work with a busted water hose?
0) 17) dialog: Telling me and fixing it are two different things.
0) 19) dialog: I'm still happy being a woman thank you very much. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
0) 32) dialog: Grumpy husband...that's what you are. Grumpy, stubborn, wants to do things his way, full of pride. But you know what...you also believe in the best in life like no one I have ever known. No matter how bad times get, no matter how hard you want to resist..you always find a way to come shining through. He smiles and gets back to work. Her light crosses the forest, illuminating the thick trees in an eerie light.
0) 33) dialog: This video camera was worth every penny... Suddenly SOMETHING HUGE MOVES THROUGH FRAME, in the thick Sara jumps, startled. Her eyes now riveted on the tree-li and what it holds. She moves, hypnotized towards where th disturbance was, across the highway, her camera still tra on the trees. Chase continues to fidget with his gear, not noticing. (CONTINUED)
0) 38) dialog: Did you... see it?....Did you? Wasn't it...amazing...? And she is gone. Then..... something appears just ahead of him. Something the darkness, quiet but yet very overpowering. The huge figure appears to be standing upright, watching Chase fro the depths of the trees. It's breathing low, from the bow of the earth. Whatever it is....it is enough to draw Chase's attention it, his teary eyes straining in the night to see what his wive's eyes had. (CONTINUED)
1) 4) text: Disposable cameras click away, capturing the town's big event. WE SEE THROUGH THE UNSEEN NEWS CREW'S CAMERA as they grab sound bites from THE MANY RESIDENTS who either shun or de heavily into the idea of Bigfoot roaming their land. All these home spun interviews are penetrated by QUICK BU of OLD BIGFOOT STYLE PHOTOS, Men holding giant feet casts sketches of what might be. There is also clips of SARA'S VIDEO FOOTAGE. That _night...in the dark. Something giant moving through the trees.
56) 10) dialog: Grumpy husband...that's what you are. Grumpy, stubborn, wants to do things his way, full of pride. Chase moves from the table as if in a dream, towards the living room.
57) 1) dialog: But you know what...you also believe in the best in life like no one I have ever known. No matter how bad times get, no matter how hard you want to resist..you always find a way to come shining through. Chase stops, her words returning to him once again for th first time in who knows how many years. And then the large image crosses the screen and pulls everyone at_a_new attention. Chase grabs a REMOTE on the table and hits the pause. The creature's misshapen form frozen on the screen. He places the remote back down, looks to the others.