2) 14) dialog: Wish you guys were half as quiet as you were psychic.... (beat, holds up hand) Charlie, what ya got? Okay, buy a thousand shares at seven fifty. I don't care how high the PE is, buy it. I'ma buy and holder, you know that. Wouldn't sell unless my life depended on it. Check with you ina bit.
2) 16) dialog: Won't much matter in... (looks to watch) Fifteen minutes. He opens the car trunk, begins PULLING OUT A CACHE OF WEAPONS, hands them to his crew.
6) 0) text: The band of would-be robbers step from the shadows of the local store just outside the bank. Travis sizes up the qu establishment.
6) 1) dialog: Looks good. Every one on their game?
6) 3) dialog: He'll be here. Better we don't have a damn car sitting in front of the bank too long.
6) 8) dialog: And it's all supposed to go out tomorrow morning. But we didn't come all the way out to Jerkwater for nothing. Easy enter, easy exit.
9) 15) dialog: What are you doing Luke?!
13) 0) text: Erin's eyes flutter open. Blood drips down from her forehead. She looks through her cracked windshield and se Another car up on a rock. Wade stumbles around aimlessly. The window is kicked open as Travis moves out with Kayla. Flames erupt around Erin's cab. She reaches for her seat belt, releases it, drops to the ground and looks to A BACKPACK at her feet. She tosses it to the ground outside As she scrambles to get out, she notices a hand grabbing backpack. As she moves towards the window, the same hand suddenly reaches in and yanks her out.
14) 6) dialog: Grab the money Wade! But Wade is to focused on his bloody brother.
14) 14) dialog: Wade. Stay cool.
14) 18) dialog: Don't question me. He's dead. I'm sorry. We got to move. Wade is frothing at the mouth as he turns to Luke.
14) 20) dialog: Something funny to you Dustin?
14) 24) dialog: I take it the crash got you thinking funny. Whatever redeeming qualities we pissed away in our lives, there is one that has to remain. Loyalty. Because without that... were just some kind of animal. (beat, moves closer) Right now, I am grasping for every bit of it like a desperate man. Dustin, brushes off the dirt and stands. (CONTINUED)
14) 29) dialog: Everyone load up. (re: Erin) Grab her. Luke moves to the others as Kayla yanks up Erin.
14) 41) dialog: Guess we could use the ride. (beat, touches ear phone) Hey Charlie...How much is it? Okay, buy two thousand shares then. Listen, got to go. (looks at the cops) Okay, let's try not to hit anything but the cops. And then they begin to unload! Bullets bounce off of the hood of the car and truck as th local law hits the ground.
16) 0) text: Travis, Erin and the others (minus Luke) move through the trees. It is obvious that none of this is indigenous to a of them. They are in new territory. Kayla maintains close contact with Erin, then turns to wade.
16) 2) dialog: Well, it's too late now.
16) 4) dialog: Straight. The border can't be more than a few miles from here. Better than getting trapped on that road until more of their boys show up.
16) 7) dialog: You may be if they come after us. Kayla looks around.
16) 10) dialog: Luke! A beat and then...WHAM! A body drops in front of them...o his feet. Luke has just jumped from a tree to the side of them. (CONTINUED)
18) 1) dialog: Damn.
18) 3) dialog: Wade..... You just take the steps I take, swing your stick the way I do and as always you'll have some pocket change to blow on your cars and whores. Wade moves off, pissed, leans against a tree.
24) 0) text: A small man made bridge crosses the water to the other si The group of robbers stops. Travis looks back up the rive shakes his head.
24) 2) dialog: Can't tell.
24) 4) dialog: Yeah. Erin turns to look at Luke who is crouched on a rock, kee an eye on the forest, the backpack still on his shoulder.
24) 14) dialog: What? Wade takes a breath, noting no one seems to have heard wh he did.
24) 16) dialog: Wade, cover this.
29) 0) text: The group of bank thieves move through the visibly more confusing area of trees. Hard to get a lead on which way are going. Branches cross their faces like crooked claws. They reach a small clearing, Travis rests his rifle again tree, he is hitting his ear phone.
29) 1) dialog: Damn cell reception. Need to get this stop loss in before the market opens. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
29) 2) text: CONTINUED: (beat ) TRAVIS(CONT'D) Let's take a breath here. Luke, why don't you pass our little friend's water around. Luke reaches into the pack and begins to pull out the wat He scrounges through it.
31) 4) dialog: Look, we need all the bargaining chips we can. Wade moves towards Erin.
31) 7) dialog: Break it up. They don't listen. Travis starts to move in on them when. CRASH! A tree, or something, crashes into another tree. T branches above shaking. Suddenly all is forgotten as ever one goes for their guns. The group goes silent, listening
33) 0) text: Travis moves to Wade.
33) 1) dialog: Hold it! Stop firing! (beat) How many damn bullets you shoot there Wade?! Wade stops, his face registering the same as everyone els
33) 4) dialog: There, on the tree. The others look and see dripping from the tree like red sap...BLOOD. It drips to the ground where we see a trail it leading into the forest. (CONTINUED)
33) 9) dialog: (relaxing) Wade...you hit yourself your first bear, I think? Wade laughs.
37) 5) dialog: Well, I know where I could be sending you so maybe just keep the tough girl attitude down to a whisper.
37) 9) dialog: Alright, let's take a minute. Luke moves off. Erin watches him go as he turns back to h and winks. Then, something grabs her attention. A PEBBLE lands near her arm. She looks around, trying to figure out where it came from. Then, it happens again. Th time she turns her head behind the trees and sees.... Ken! His finger pressed to his lips. He beckons her to mo away. She takes a beat and slowly, casually starts to move from camp. Luke stands over the bushes, looks down and stops in his tracks. Below him, gun aimed straight up, is Harris.
37) 12) dialog: Hurry it up Luke, we need to get a move on.
37) 15) dialog: Grab the girl. Kayla moves quickly towards Erin. Erin sees this and move towards her backpack, grabbing it just as Kayla nears her That's when the first shots ring out at Kayla's feet She suddenly dives for Erin, both of them hitting the gro Craig rises up shooting towards Wade as the crook dives f his gun. Travis opens fire. (CONTINUED)
40) 0) text: Travis, Kayla, Wade and Erin move quickly through the woo Erin suddenly makes a break...running through the woods. Kayla moves after her.
40) 1) dialog: Let her go.
42) 3) dialog: Okay, okay. Enough of this hostility. They turn to see Travis and Wade, guns in their hands, no standing behind Kayla. Before Erin can stand, she is suddenly swept off her feet something..... Ken! The cop tackles her into the bushes!! Before the three can register what is going on...
42) 9) dialog: You boys are out of your league.
42) 13) dialog: Are you kidding me? Then the LOUD BREATHING....it grabs the attention of Kayl who turns slowly, her eyes finally resting on what stands behind them.
42) 16) text: Shrouded in the dark, the eight foot tall creature is sti an ominous sight. And then it charges.... As the beast closes in on them, Travis finally aims and f as the three of them move out into the field. Ken grabs Erin and turns to Harris.
44) 3) dialog: Anything?
44) 5) dialog: Okay, drop em! Harris and Ken are quick with their own draw. The Mexican stand off.
44) 9) dialog: No cowboy...I asked first.
44) 12) dialog: Calm down Wade. (to Harris) Now look, this is going to get us nowhere.
44) 16) dialog: (agitated, scared) Not happening! I just saw the biggest, freakiest animal I have ever seen and whatever it is, it's really pissed off.
44) 26) dialog: Okay folks, time to settle this right now. I don't shoot the nice lady and we can all make it out of here okay. Wade and Kayla do the same, all three weapons trained on single target. Harris and Ken look to each other.
47) 0) text: WE MOVE with Ken ACROSS the quiet living room until we se Erin and Harris seated on the couch, gun-less. He joins them. Travis is seated at the fireplace, the warm glow lighting room. Kayla watches the windows.
47) 1) dialog: So....Can one of you two fine gentleman tell me what the hell is out there? Everyone in the room is quiet. Maybe unsure...maybe too afraid to speculate.
47) 2) dialog: Some help you all are. Well, it's nothing that can't be cured with enough bullets. (CONTINUED)
47) 8) dialog: Meaning?
47) 10) dialog: You are a pretty smart ol' guy, aren't you? A lot going on upstairs in that head of yours.
47) 12) dialog: Whose the one staring down the barrel of the gun?
47) 14) dialog: We are going to need you two to get us safe and sound to the Canadian border. (CONTINUED)
47) 20) dialog: How much?
47) 23) dialog: Shhh. Something moves down the stairs....approaching cautiously Everyone's eyes trained on it when...LUKE STEPS OUT!
47) 25) dialog: Damn boy. As they lower there guns slightly....Chase appears, pushe Luke into the center of the room, his gun popping back an forth between the crooks.
47) 32) dialog: We just went through this partner and I'm not about to again. You want to get out of here alive, be smart. Luke looks to Erin, winks.
47) 35) dialog: How you figure that farmer Fred? This realization is almost hard for Chase to say after al these years.
47) 37) dialog: Oh yeah? What's your guess? Yeti?
47) 42) dialog: How do you figure?
47) 44) dialog: So you trying to tell me you can get us safely out of here? Chase laughs at the absurdity.
49) 1) dialog: What's going on out there? Glares at him.
49) 5) dialog: You want to check that out?
49) 12) dialog: Stop! Travis slams the door, backs up. Luke pulls out from unde the body and charges on Wade.
49) 19) dialog: Okay! He drops his. Kayla stares at her a moment and then final drops hers. Luke snatches Wades from his hands as well. Erin looks at Luke.
49) 22) dialog: Well, looks like our damsel in distress has a dark side.
49) 25) dialog: Easy darlin'.... Erin looks at Ken and Harris.
50) 4) dialog: "Can't see nothing"? Does that comfort you?
50) 6) dialog: So, “at your age" can you still fix that generator? Harris shoots him a glance, offers out his hand.
50) 8) dialog: How did it know? Harris looks back to Chase who has the same worried look his face. The sheriff bends down for a closer look at the damage.
50) 10) dialog: Hurry up pops, it's starting to feel funny out here. Harris finally reattaches the cable, reaches around to a switch and it hits it. WHOOMP! The generator hums to life 70.
52) 0) text: Travis smiles.
52) 1) dialog: Nice work. And as he light from the cabin slowly illuminates the tre behind Travis we see the blurry but distinct image of the giant watching them!
60) 6) dialog: Shoot it!
70) 3) dialog: Breathing ain't going to help him. Ken snaps.
70) 6) dialog: Cool your heels Gomer. Let me in. (beat, firmer) Come on! (CONTINUED)
70) 9) dialog: I was thirteen years old and my old man could drink an Irish Man blind. Drag me to more beer buddy drinkin contests than I can remember. But one night, he pushed his limit. I new that bastard had let his ego get the best of him. We were walkin down the docks, Chesapeake Bay, I saw him take this big gulp of air, thinkin maybe he was trying to get some fresh sea salt in his lungs. Then he fell flat on his face. I turned his big bloated belly over and began beating on his chest like a drum...over and over...screamin and cryin. Trying to get that rusted heart of his going. I said "come on you old heart. Beat you son of a bitch!" Then, Harris' eyes open! His breath snapping back into hi lungs as he sits up. Travis falls back, exhausted from th effort as Ken moves to Harris.
70) 11) dialog: ..But, that old boy's heart never did start beating again. (beat) Dumb bastard. Travis moves over to get his gun back from Chase, who han it back gladly.
71) 8) dialog: Sure. (beat, smiles) Just don't tell any of my friends. That's when it happens: SASQUATCH vaults from the trees a blasts into Travis, his gun flying from his hand. Chase i knocked to the ground. Luke and Ken charge up firing their weapons into the monster's back. It flinches, but is so far gone in it's primal rage, they don't slow him down at all. (CONTINUED)
71) 11) dialog: Hello? Charlie? The Sasquatch moves to Travis, whose face now registers t inevitable, smiles.
71) 12) dialog: Ah what the hell Charlie. Sell it all.... Then the giant grabs Travis and slings him into a tree! Ken's gun empty, grabs for his knife, and in a sudden impulsive moment, charges the beast, jumping on it's back