14) 1) dialog: It's never that easy. You go through the door and they're never just sitting there waiting for you, a welcoming smile on their face.
15) 0) text: JOEL CAMPBELL (late 30s, weary, scraggy, full beard, baggy chords, a baseball cap) sits across from his psychiatrist POLLY BEILMAN (37, attractive, poised).
15) 3) dialog: No, I blame the asshole who did them. Polly almost cracks a smile.
15) 4) dialog: No. I don't blame myself for not catching him, if that's what you mean. This isn't a guy whose been in and out of an institution his whole life...
16) 1) dialog: ...whose brain finally pops and he slaughters five people then drives around in the family station wagon till a cop sees him run a red light. The DRIVER raises his hands. Blood covers his face and arms.
17) 2) text: CAMPBELL (CONT’D) He understands police procedure. He prepares methodically so as not to leave any evidence at the scene.
18) 1) dialog: He brings a kit with tools and props. Duct tape, hand cuffs, a weapon. Everything he'll need for control, pleasure and murder. Anonymous POV of Sharon picking through a stack of onions.
18) 2) dialog: He may watch her for weeks.
19) 1) dialog: Learn her routine. When she comes home, when she goes to sleep. A car drives slowly down the street past her and pulls into a space. The lights go off.
21) 2) dialog: Even though the sun's still down, nobody perceives it as night. Women that are very careful at one a.m., will walk around half naked four hours later. Polly makes a quick note on her notepad. Her expression suggests that it's a note to herself to take care in the mornings.
21) 3) dialog: Finally, he’d pick a day.
22) 1) dialog: He'd let himself into her apartment. The lock clicks open and he pushes the door open.
23) 1) dialog: That night she'd get home, go about her business, unaware that he was in the house. She gets a few steps away and suddenly stops in her tracks. She found the keys. She turns and lets herself in.
25) 1) dialog: She might spend her last moments alive in this world taking a piss or feeding her cat.
27) 1) dialog: The torture would last hours. Unimaginable terror. Campbell notices that Polly looks uncomfortable.
27) 2) dialog: I'm sorry. I didn't mean to disturb you, I just-
28) 0) text: Campbell lets himself into his apartment, a dark unfriendly place. Books and magazines fill every conceivable corner, making the place seem even smaller than it is. He tosses a hand-full of mail into a basket of similarly unopened mail. The camera lingers on an unopened FEDERAL EXPRESS envelope. He tosses his jacket carelessly on the couch and crosses the room to the bathroom.
29) 0) text: Campbell enters and washes his face, pulling his shirt tail out. He opens a drawer and pulls out several bottles of prescription medication, opens each one and shakes out a couple pills. He tosses them all into his mouth and takes a drink from the faucet, swallowing them.
30) 0) text: Campbell walks into the kitchen looking for food. All he can find as a browning apple which he grabs and heads back into:
31) 0) text: He picks up his keys (which have a Swiss army knife on them) and a Victoria's Secret catalogue that came in the mail and sits on the couch. He opens the knife and begins peeling the apple and opens the catalogue, obviously only half-interested in its contents. The apple skin comes off in one long, spiral piece. He sets it on the table and takes a bite of the apple. He loses interest in the catalogue all together and tosses it on the coffee table. He leans back and stares toward the window, lost in thought. TIME LAPSE - The light behind the window shade gradually fades. Campbell still stares at the window until long after dark.
33) 0) text: Deep black smoke pours from several broken windows. The orange flicker of fire light can be seen behind several other windows. Campbell (younger) gun in hand, sprints down a dark deserted alley toward the house. Though he runs as hard as he can, in dreamlike fashion he doesn't seem to making very much progress.
34) 0) text: A WOMAN'S hideous SCREAMS of agony and fear. Campbell pushes further down the crumbling hallway, dodging burning debris that falls around him. His progress is impeded by thick smoke that blurs what's happening. He can just make out the image of a woman sitting in a chair in a room at the end of the hallway. She SCREAMS again, a long piercing howl. The camera focuses in on a wall of flames until it fills the entire frame. Images of horrible prime scenes begin to appear superimposed over the flames: horribly mutilated bodies, pools of blood, bloody clothes, murder weapons. The scream continues throughout until-
36) 0) text: He finally gets it together enough to make it to the bathroom, frantically dumping out drawers and throwing open cabinets. Campbell slumps into the floor. HIS DISTORTED POV: as he paws at a pile of drugs and toiletries that lay sprawled across the floor. His hand finds a pharmaceutical carton and he tears it open with his teeth. He pulls the rubber protective tip from a small syringe and plunges into his thigh (which is badly marked and scarred from many similar occasions). He pulls out a second syringe and repeats the process. He drags himself the rest of the way into the bathroom and throws up violently into the toilet.
37) 0) text: Again, it's night time. Campbell stirs awake. He's been on the floor the whole day. He stands up and washes his mouth out.
38) 0) text: Campbell enters the kitchen and opens the refrigerator. Nothing. He slams it closed and checks the cupboard but the cupboard's dry. He closes it as well.
39) 0) text: Campbell walks out his front door and down the street toward a Chinese Restaurant across the street. He looks haggard. We follow from an ANONYMOUS POV.
40) 0) text: Campbell sits in the middle of the mostly empty restaurant near the front window, eating his dinner with chopsticks. He does not notice several police cruisers that pass the front of the restaurant with their lights on. Again someone watches from across the street. Campbell seems miserable and very much alone.
41) 0) text: Campbell steps out of the restaurant and is surprised by the sight of an active crime scene in front of his building. Campbell walks up and stands with a CROWD of onlookers. COPS and PARAMEDICS pass this way and that. After a moment, Campbell ducks the police tape and slips unnoticed into the front door of the building.
42) 0) text: Campbell ducks another line of tape and into the hallway. LIEUTENANT HOLLIS MACKIE (33, Southern twang and a bad haircut) stands in the hallway talking to some COPS. He sees Campbell.
42) 2) dialog: (pointing at the stairwell) I just live here.
42) 4) dialog: (weary) Can I just go upstairs? I don't feel like arguing with you. Hollis looks at the ID for a moment then shouts down the hallway.
42) 8) dialog: Never seen her. What happened? She dead?
42) 10) dialog: Oh, I'm just real insightful. You got half the block taped off and there's a dozen cops in my lobby. What conclusion should I jump to, that someone stole her stereo? Campbell heads toward the stairs.
42) 12) text: Campbell sits on the bed watching the Home Shopping Network holding a half-glass of Jack Daniels. He looks miserable. CU on a man's hand holding a faux diamond necklace.
45) 0) text: Campbell eats cereal and rifles through an enormous pile of unopened mail. Bills, junk mail, nothing interesting. He gets to a Fed Ex envelope and tears it open and shakes out the contents. A single 8'x 10' black and white photo. CU a photograph of Sharon, last night's victim, sitting alone in a what appears to be a small restaurant - still alive. Campbell stands and quickly rummages through an enormous pile of unopened mail and unread newspapers and magazines near the front door, finally pushing the dumping a small table onto the floor. He finds what he's looking for: Another unopened Fed Ex envelope. He rips it open and another black and white photo slips out. It's a picture of a different woman driving alone in a her car. It's taken from a car moving alongside her.
45) 3) dialog: (loudly over the noise) This is Joel Campbell. We met last night.
45) 5) dialog: (truly perplexed) What are you doing?
45) 9) dialog: (still very loud) When'd she die?
45) 11) dialog: Cause I know who did it.
45) 13) dialog: Because he mailed me a picture of her still alive. Got it three days ago. Monday morning.
46) 0) text: Hollis looks at a picture of Sharon (which is now ina plastic evidence bag). Campbell sits across the desk.
46) 2) dialog: No, sometimes it takes up to two weeks.
46) 4) dialog: Glad your having fun with this.
46) 6) dialog: (moving on) Strangled with piano wire? Victim was partially unclothed but the swabs all came back negative?
46) 8) dialog: His last known alias is David Allen Griffin. We attribute at least 11 homicides to him. I worked him for three and half years. In L.A. All I ever got was a cast on a pair of nine and half Nikes.
46) 10) dialog: Killing people, looks like.
46) 12) dialog: No, he's never sent pictures or contacted me directly before.
46) 14) dialog: Are you seri-? He sent mea picture and then killed her in my own fucking building. (snapping in his face) Try to keep the pace, man, this is serious.
46) 16) dialog: Safe assumption. Campbell stands up.
46) 18) text: I just got off the phone with your ex-boss in L.A. He sends his best. Campbell doesn't respond.
46) 20) dialog: It's not my job anymore.
46) 22) dialog: (stopping in his tracks) The field office in L.A. has the relevant files. I can't tell you anything that's not in them. Have a nice day. Campbell turns to walk away just as AGENT MITCH CASPER (young, almost boyish-looking) exits his office.
46) 24) dialog: You can run ‘em but you're going to get the delivery boy, the receptionist, three guys from the warehouse, Santa Clause, everyone but him. You're going to have to do much better than that. Ibby and Mitch look at Campbell, vaguely annoyed at his comment. Campbell turns and walks out.
50) 0) text: Campbell, looking more and more haggard and distraught each time we see him, sits across from Polly in her posh office.
50) 1) text: You're a young man, do you plan to live on disability your whole life? Campbell holds out his arms and surveys himself, implicitly inviting her to do the same.
50) 2) dialog: I take 150 milligrams of seconal so I can sleep two and half hours a night. You want lives in my hands? Acebutolol and benazepril for blood pressure, I self inject migrainol and imitrex for migrain -
50) 4) dialog: I go places and forget why I'm there. I miss exits on the freeway. You want lives in my hands? I'm lucky to find my way home from the grocery store.
50) 6) dialog: (almost shouting) Absolutely! I'm avoiding that situation. No, I don't trust myself. Would you?
51) 0) text: Campbell sits watching footage of the crime scene on the late news. A reporter stands outside Ellie's house.
52) 0) text: Campbell (younger, clean-shaven) walks up to the front porch of the house, careful not to be seen or heard. He peers under the blinds into a window. Through the thick leaded glass his POV is distorted. A figure moves in the living room. Several candles provide the only light in the room. Campbell pulls away and looks through another window, trying to get a better idea of what's happening. From the second window he can see a woman bound and gagged. His breath quickens. He stands and kicks the front door in and-
53) 0) text: Campbell walks down the sidewalk. P OV from someone following him a few feet behind. Campbell heads toward the front door of Polly's building.
54) 0) text: Campbell crosses the polished granite floor of the expansive lobby and heads toward a bank of elevators. He chooses an elevator and enters.
55) 0) text: Campbell punches his floor and leans against the wall. The door starts to close but at the last second opens again. Griffin steps in. Griffin punches the same floor as Campbell and the two ride in silence, not looking at each other. Campbell yawns. He looks rather haggard froma night of little sleep.
56) 0) text: Campbell steps into the hallway and Griffin steps out behind him. Campbell walks down the hallway, Griffin right behind him. He comes to a fork in the hallway and takes the left corridor. Campbell follows. Griffin grins.
56) 2) dialog: I could ask you the same question. They share a small laugh and keep heading down the hallway soon arriving at Polly's door. Campbell slows and for instant it seems as if Griffin is going to stop too but he doesn't. He walks down the hall and Campbell ducks inside.
57) 0) text: Campbell sits fidgeting in a chair across from Polly.
57) 1) dialog: I don't have time to be here but I appreciate what you said last week and didn't want you to think that I was walking away for the wrong reason.
57) 3) dialog: About the same.
57) 5) dialog: Some.
57) 7) dialog: It's great. I'm getting so popular, I've got murders requesting me by name.
57) 9) dialog: (after a moment) I don't think vengeance has anything to do with it. There's a story, a ritual, in this, that he follows. Over the years, I became part of the story. It didn't make sense without me.
57) 11) dialog: Odd isn't it?
57) 13) dialog: What do you mean?
57) 15) dialog: Excuse me. (into the phone) Campbell.
57) 17) dialog: I'll be right there.
57) 18) text: Campbell, Ibby, and Mitch sit in Campbell's office. Campbell reads from a file folder. Mitch looks wrecked. He's been here all night.
57) 19) dialog: Norton Inglert. Vagrancy 1987. Vagrancy 1991. I.Q. estimated at below eight zero which makes him officially... not Griffin.
57) 21) dialog: Yeah, a by-the-hour-motel where he stayed eight years ago. Mitch get some sleep. Diana, you wanna ride?
58) 0) text: Campbell drives; Diana sits in the passenger seat.
58) 2) dialog: It won't. He’d have been more careful than that. If he touched anything he’d have wiped it clean. Anyone see anything?
58) 7) dialog: (showing a photo) Surprise me. Tell me, that Norton Inglert still stays here.
58) 11) text: I couldn't agree more with Don. A hundred years ago, she would have been living in a single structure with her parents, brothers and sisters, cousins... Back to the TV. Campbell and Diana split.
59) 0) text: Campbell drives with Diana. His phone rings.
59) 1) dialog: Campbell.
59) 3) dialog: Where?
60) 0) text: Campbell and Hollis stand on the dock with JACK FRAY (35, long hair, leather jacket).
60) 2) dialog: So?
60) 4) dialog: You got an address?
60) 7) dialog: (reading) Stanislaw Mikahailovich. Possession. On Probation. Current address 859 West Washington.
60) 9) text: Campbell and Hollis step quietly from Campbell's car. The guys gaze across and up the street at a dark house with six-foot weeds in the yard and plywood over the windows.
61) 0) text: Campbell and Hollis stalk quietly up to the front door. Campbell kneels to the left of the door, Hollis to the right. Campbell nods. Hollis bangs loudly on the front door. Hollis bangs again and leans back down away from the door.
63) 0) text: Hollis bursts out the back door just in time to see Stanislaw fly end-over-end as Campbell clunks him in the shin with a two-by-four. Hollis laughs heartily.
64) 0) text: Campbell and Hollis interrogate Stanislaw who sits cuffed to a dinette chair in the middle of his living room. He sits in his boxer shorts. Hollis holds a fat copy of the Chicago white pages.
64) 6) dialog: "From each according to his ability, to each according to his needs.' You understand that? Isn't that Kremlin rhetoric? Now you see, we need some information and you have the ability to give it to us.
64) 8) dialog: Where?
64) 13) dialog: (showing badge) Special Agent Campbell, F.B.I. This is Lieutenant Mackie, Chicago Police.
64) 16) dialog: Do you have an address?
64) 18) dialog: The address? Now. The owner turns to walk inside.
64) 19) text: Hollis stands talking on his car radio. Campbell stands within earshot. Hollis reads from a small note pad.
66) 0) text: Campbell arrives and jumps out. The place is surrounded with COPS and Norton is already in custody, sitting handcuffed and very frightened in the back seat of a cruiser. The car is about to pull away. Campbell runs toward it, flagging it down.
66) 1) dialog: Hey! Hey! What the fu- The DETECTIVE IN CHARGE jumps in the way.
66) 5) dialog: Bullshit. The only decision you made was whether or not to be a hero in the biggest case this city's seen in decades and we know which way you came out on that, you fucking prick.
66) 7) text: (laughing, cocky) There's not much left to talk about. Franklin found a shirt with blood on the sleeves and the fucking loony couldn't confess fast enough. You should of seen it, Hollis, he's blabbing away and I'm in his face trying to read his Mirandas fast enough to use the Goddamn confession. Campbell and Hollis turn and walk away.
67) 6) text: Campbell sits across from Norton, who is quite scared.
67) 7) dialog: Norton, I know that you're afraid, but I'm trying to help you.
67) 9) dialog: Why don't you tell me what you're sorry for? Did you hurt her?
67) 11) dialog: Norton, did she see you look at her?
67) 13) dialog: How'd the blood get on your sleeves, Norton? Did you touch her?
68) 2) dialog: Did you hurt her when you touched her?
68) 4) dialog: Did she scream or tell you to stop touching her?
68) 6) dialog: (to the mirror) Impressive work, guys. Norton, listen to me. You're not going to be in trouble anymore. Norton doesn't respond.
68) 7) dialog: Norton, did you see someone else hurt her? Did you see someone else at the apartment? After a long moment, Norton nods his head 'yes'. Campbell sits up excitedly.
68) 8) dialog: Okay, Norton, I want to play a little game with you now, okay? We're going to try to drawa picture of the man you saw. Just then JACKSON (the D.A.) and MENDEL (a defense attorney) burst into the interrogation room with Hollis and two UNIFORMS at their heels.
68) 10) dialog: Who the hell are you?
68) 12) dialog: It wasn't an interrogation to begin with. Hollis, we gotta get a sketch artist in here. He saw the guy.
68) 14) dialog: no, no. He may have seen the guy kill her. He'sa peeping Tom, that's all. He must of touched her body. For Godsakes, I'm trying to help him here. Oh,
69) 0) text: Campbell and Hollis stand outside the district office.
69) 2) dialog: Get me a fucking sketch of this guy and we can nail him! Do not let this disappear. Campbell turns and walks away, disgusted.
71) 0) text: A form moves across the moonlit window. A moment later a flashlight pops on. POV, lit by the flashlight, as a file cabinet drawer slides open. As a hand rifles through the files. He gets to 'Joel Campbell' and pulls the file. He opens another drawer and pulls Campbell's tapes, carefully replacing the plastic covers so that from a casual glimpse that don't appear to be missing.
73) 0) text: Campbell sits behind his desk looking through the crime scene photos and other evidence. After a few seconds, one of the overhead florescent lights begins to flicker. Immediately, Campbell covers both eyes and cowers from the light.
73) 1) dialog: (calling out) Somebody give me a hand! Can somebody turn out the light in here for a minute!? No answer. Campbell stands up, his eyes still closed.
73) 2) dialog: (losing patience) Can someone grab this light for me!? After another couple seconds, Campbell loses it. He jerks the keyboard of his commuter free from the desk and hurls it overhead into the bank of fluorescents, sending glass and the keyboard crashing back down with a great clatter. Hearing the commotion, Diana runs into his office.
74) 0) text: Campbell, Ibby, Mitch, and Diana stand in front of another gallery of posters - extreme closeups of every inch of the frame. Almost everything is out of focus except for her face.
74) 2) dialog: This is shot with a long lens to get the shallow depth of field which is going to make it hard. He's trying to give us as little context as possible.
74) 6) dialog: Mitch, put a picture in every tattoo parlor in Chicago.
78) 0) text: A TECH sits in front of a twenty-inch computer screen on which one section of the photo has been blown up. As Campbell and company watch, the photo slowly comes into clearer focus. RACHEL (from city planning) looks over his shoulder. She points to the base of a street lamp.
78) 2) dialog: Which puts her where? She turns and pushes open a grid-map of the city and takes a magic-marker and draws a fairly large rectangle.
82) 0) text: Campbell peruses the photo one last time with the magnifying glass. He stops and holds his view for a beat on a black mesh trash receptor of the same black and chrome design as the chair Jessica sits in. Ibby rushes into the office. Everyone looks up.
83) 0) text: Three F.B.I. vehicles (including Campbell's car) race out of the gates and onto the street.
84) 0) text: The vehicles race toward Wanda's two-story Victorian home. The house is surrounded by local police cars. Campbell, Mitch, and Diana run toward the front door. Wanda's hysterical screaming can be heard.
85) 0) text: Campbell takes in the scene: three COPS, several NEIGHBORS, and WANDA'S SISTER surround Wanda, who sobs hysterically, and mumbles a PRAYER.
85) 1) dialog: (taking over the scene) Mrs. Stendhal, I'm Agent Joel Campbell with the F.B.I. Wanda continues to sob. WANDA’S SISTER She doesn't know anything! Can't you see what kinda shape she's in-
85) 2) dialog: I can see that but if we don't find her daughter she's- WANDA’S SISTER (almost screaming) She doesn't know anything!
85) 3) dialog: What do you mean she doesn’t know anything? WANDA’S SISTER Jessica ran away almost two years ago. We don't know where she is.
85) 4) dialog: (takes a breath) Who are you? WANDA’S SISTER I’m the girl's aunt. Wanda's sister.
85) 5) dialog: (to the cops) Hey! Clear everyone else out of the house. Let's get some quiet in here right now. (to the sister) Help me with her for a few minutes and then we'll leave her alone. Deal? Sit with her. Campbell turns to Mitch. CAMPBELL (CONT’D) Start with outreach programs for runaways. Get them her picture. Where do teen runaways hang out?
85) 7) dialog: Get everyone you can down there with her picture. Start with CD shops, convenience stores, video arcades, fast food joints, anywhere else kids would go and then fan out from there. He turns back to Wanda, who still sobs. He her. CAMPBELL (CONT’D) Mrs. Stendhal? I know that no one wants us to find Jessica more than you do, but in order for that to happen, you're going to have to help us out. kneels with She just continues to sob. He sighs. CAMPBELL (CONT’D) (to the sister) Okay, listen, spend a few minutes with her. Calm her down. Can I take a look at Jessica's room?
86) 2) dialog: Make a couple calls for me. Get a picture to every skateboard shop and park and the guitar shops close to Belmont and Broadway. I'm going to look for her letters and-
86) 4) dialog: Did she say where she was calling from?
86) 6) dialog: Can you remember anything at all about those calls? Anything might help.
86) 11) dialog: Look at the trash can next to her Hollis looks at the wire mesh trash can. CAMPBELL (CONT’D) See what's in it? White paper cups. She's sitting ata fucking Starbucks.
90) 2) dialog: Meet you there.
93) 0) text: Campbell and Hollis question the clerk. Mitch stands nearby.
94) 0) text: Campbell walks out into the night air, unsure what his next move should be. He watches a couple uniformed COPS passing out fliers with Jessica's picture on them. Several PEOPLE don't even look at the fliers, simply shaking their heads as they pass. A BUSINESSMAN brushes off one of the COPS with a shrug. Campbell loses it, running wildly up to the cop and grabbing his fliers and chasing down the businessman, and spinning him around roughly.
94) 1) dialog: 
94) 5) dialog: You! Look at this girl's face! Do you know her? Have you seen her?
94) 7) dialog: Look at her before you answer!
97) 0) text: Next to the building, the skater ducks a chain link fence and steps into the alley. He turns on the sidewalk and heads toward Campbell who, fifty feet away, continues to flag down passing PEDESTRIANS. The kid almost skates right by Campbell who talks to a YOUNG WOMAN, but Campbell hears the sound of wheels against the concrete and spins around. His gaze lands on the kid's board.
97) 1) dialog: (holding up his hand) Stop, wait! The skater clocks Campbell for a cop.
97) 3) dialog: I didn't say you did. (he holds up picture) Do you know this girl? She's about your- The surprise on his face is evident.
97) 5) dialog: Bullshit. Listen to me- The kid suddenly makes a break for it, darting across traffic and almost getting squashed. BRAKES squeal and horns BLARE. Hollis looks up and catches a glimpse of Campbell chasing the kid right toward where he is standing. The kid sees Hollis and veers into an alley. Hollis drops his fliers and runs after them.
98) 3) dialog: If you don't help me, right now, a man is going to wrap piano wire around her neck so viciously it will almost sever her head.
100) 0) text: The skater now leads Hollis and Campbell on a full-run back to the abandoned building. As they cross the main street near the Starbucks, Hollis radios for back up.
103) 0) text: The skater, Campbell, and Hollis sprint through traffic.
105) 0) text: Downstairs, the skater leads Campbell and Hollis under the chain-link fence and into the building.
105) 1) text: Campbell, Hollis, and the kid run up the stairs.
106) 0) text: Campbell, Hollis and the kid burst through the stairwell and onto the seventh floor (where we last saw Jessica). A shadow passes the light ahead. Campbell stops short and puts a hand on the kid's chest. Hollis immediately pulls the boy back into the stairwell. Campbell moves quickly, gun drawn, down the main corridor toward the direction he saw the shadow. He fires FIVE SHOTS instinctively as Griffin leaps from the darkness and into the stairwell.
107) 0) text: In the stairwell, Griffin slams his weight into a steel door (leading down to the next floor) but the door won't budge. After a couple tries he turns and heads up the stairs. Griffin runs up the stairs. Campbell pounds the metal stairs below him.
108) 0) text: Griffin reaches the top floor and crosses as fast as he can toward another stairwell. Campbell kicks the door open and takes FOUR MORE SHOTS at his figure. Again, Griffin goes untouched. He makes it to the other stairwell and heads toward the roof.
109) 1) text: Griffin runs onto the roof. Shortly thereafter, the police helicopters have him in their spotlights. Campbell bursts onto the roof and runs full-sprint toward Griffin, shooting insanely without breaking stride. Griffin spots a smaller office building below; he sprints and leaps from the roof over an alley way, tumbling as he lands two stories below. Campbell follows him dangerously across the alley. At the other end of the building, Griffin jumps again, this time to an even lower building.
110) 0) text: A wide shot of storefronts as Griffin hurdles from one rooftop to the next as he finally eludes the searchlights and disappears between buildings, Campbell right on his heels
111) 0) text: We pick up Griffin mid-air a second before he lands feet first on the exploding windshield of a truck. He tumbles off and steals down the alley. Campbell jumps across the alleyway to a nearby fire escape and quickly jumps from level to level, until he reaches bottom level. He jumps into the alley and chases Griffin.
111) 4) text: The Lincoln eases onto a nearby street, but within seconds several cops cars are on his ass. Campbell runs out of the alley, still chasing him on foot and almost gets hit by a police cruiser. He slams his fist on the hood and signals the startled COP to get out of his car. Campbell holds up his badge.
111) 5) dialog: Special Agent Campbell. I head the FBI/Chicago PD task force which means I rank you which means I'm taking your car. Griffin punches the accelerator, rounds a corner and comes face to face with a road block which he simply BLASTS through, sending wooden saw-horses and COPS flying. A moment later, Campbell races through the same intersection. Griffin speeds another block before coming up on stopped traffic at a red light, Campbell closing in behind him. Griffin jumps a median and passes the stopped cars in the oncoming lanes. He races across the busy intersection and almost makes it through but gets clipped by a pick-up truck and loses control, jumping the sidewalk and SMASHING through a glass and plastic bus-stop before side-swiping a row of three gas pumps.
112) 0) text: Three mushrooms of gas spray out of the ground showering Griffin's Lincoln and drenching the parking lot. Griffin sits, calmly waiting as cop cars converge from every direction. Campbell gets out of his car and draws his weapon. Several Cops do the same. He waits. More and more cops pull up. He calmly shifts the car in gear and tosses a Zippo lighter out the window. The entire area explodes. A block away, Griffin races down the side street and disappears.
114) 0) text: A DOZEN or so COPS and FEDS work the crime scene. Campbell crouches next to Jessica's bloody body, her face etched with death. He looks into her eyes for a long moment then lowers his head in a gesture that suggests a very deep surrender.
115) 0) text: Campbell's apartment looks worse than usual. It's dark dusty and it looks as if it has been ransacked. He is nowhere to be seen, but Ibby's voice can be heard through the door.
116) 0) text: Ibby and Mitch stand in the hallway outside Campbell's apartment. Ibby bangs on the door loudly. He gives up and turns to Mitch.
117) 0) text: Ibby and Mitch enter the dank apartment, concerned by its appearance. Ibby opens the bedroom door and sees Campbell's legs hanging out of the bathroom floor. He and Mitch rush over.
118) 0) text: Ibby leans over Campbell and tries to rouse him. He is pale white and the bathroom is a mess. Ibby checks his pulse.
118) 2) dialog: (wheezing) Ibby, a paramedic shows up at this apartment I swear to you I will shoot them. He shakes Ibby's arm loose from his clothes and sits up against the bathroom counter. Campbell tries to stand but immediately slumps back to one knee, gasping for breath. His eyes go wide with confusion and pain.
119) 0) text: Campbell lies in bed, semi-conscious. Ibby and a DOCTOR hover over him. The doctor holds a small rubber toy in the shape of a martian.
119) 2) dialog: (to Mitch) It’s out of the question. I'll have to put it off.
122) 0) text: Campbell watches a special report on the local news broadcast from outside the station.
122) 2) dialog: (pleased to see her) You didn't have to come here.
122) 4) dialog: (pointing at the TV) D'you see they shot my witness? It's like someone's making up new ways to be ridiculous.
122) 6) dialog: How else am I going to know what's going on? Ibby's got everyone on a vow of silence.
122) 8) dialog: Probably not but let's order something anyway.
123) 0) text: Mitch, Diana, and SEVERAL FORENSIC TECHS, stand under a dirty LATE MODEL SEDAN that has been lifted on a mechanic's lift. All of the doors are wide open. The back window has been shot out, and the front fender and grill are damaged. The car appears to be the one Hollis and Campbell chased a few nights ago.
123) 4) text: Excuse me, Agent Casper? This came for Agent Campbell and I thought you-
125) 0) text: Campbell sits in bed, looking totally wrecked. He watches Hollis finish his address on TV.
127) 0) text: Hollis screeches to a halt outside of Campbell's apartment, leaving his car double-parked. He runs up to the front door.
127) 1) text: Hollis bangs loudly on Campbell's door.
128) 0) text: Hollis enters Campbell's stuffy, messy apartment.
128) 4) text: Hollis steps inside the room, curiously. He opens a box and pulls out some file-folders - crime scene photos, reports, etc. Griffin's name is everywhere. These are obviously Campbell's personal files on Griffin. Hollis notices several burned down candles. He turns around and sees a thin white sheet covering one wall of the closet. He lifts the sheet and tries to peer under. A look of confusion washes over his face. He yanks the sheet from the wall, sending tacks flying. The sheet drops down to reveal the enormous photographic collage we saw in the opening credits. Its true scope and detail are revealed for the first time. It spans the entire wall and looks as if it were methodically, obsessively pasted together.
129) 2) text: Campbell drives through light traffic. He rounds a corner and we see the CEMETERY from the photograph through the windshield. Campbell pulls into the deserted parking lot and steps out.
131) 0) text: Campbell walks through the graveyard, unhurried but deliberate. He rounds a corner and stops short. Griffin sits on the grave we saw Campbell leaning against earlier. Campbell draws his gun and walks slowly over. Griffin notices him.
131) 4) dialog: (lowering the gun) Why don't we talk about what we're doing here. Is this it? You here to give yourself up?
131) 6) dialog: (losing patience) We don't seem to be communicating. Let me be clear with you, I have no problem with shooting you dead where you sit.
131) 9) text: You know something about attractive women burning alive, don't you? Tell me, what was it like? Could you smell her flesh burning? Campbell flicks Polly's business card toward Griffin, it flutters away and lands in the grass.
131) 10) dialog: You've already killed her.
131) 12) dialog: Take me to see her then.
131) 14) dialog: We'll talk once I see her. I have to know if there's anything to talk about. Griffin looks at him for a long beat. Campbell lowers his gun, takes a breath and hands it to Griffin who is surprised by the gesture.
131) 15) dialog: C'mon, take it. I trust you. I just need to see that she's all right and then we'll talk. Griffin shrugs and takes the gun.
133) 0) text: Campbell drives, seething with anger; Griffin sets Campbell's gun on the seat next to him.
133) 3) dialog: Listen to me, Griffin. What do you want? I want you to think about what you need. I can try to get you that and we can make an exchange. Anything that you need for Ms. Beilman's safety.
135) 1) text: Hollis stands over Lisa Alexander's grave. Griffin's picnic beer bottles are still strewn about. He struggles to make sense of the scene. His first clear clue comes when he comes across a cartridge from Campbell's gun. He searches the area some more and finds Polly's bloody business card. He still has no real idea of what went on.
138) 0) text: Campbell drives.
138) 2) dialog: (taken aback by his tone) I'm not much in a position to be a judge right now, but, I think words like evil are just words people use to keep from having to think. You are who you are. You do what your driven to do. That's the way it makes sense to me. Griffin takes Campbell's hand with both of his and squeezes it.
138) 4) dialog: Did you have any real brothers or si-
138) 6) dialog: (turns away) You brought it up. I think it was a perfectly valid-
138) 9) dialog: I'm listening. What? What do you have to say? I'm listening. Go ahead! They stay, eyes locked, as the car travels forty miles per hour down the road. After a long moment, Griffin cracks a smile.
139) 5) text: I knew if I just came here and talked to you, in person, you'd understand me better, Campbell.
141) 4) text: Campbell drives Griffin's car down a small street that runs along the waterfront.
142) 0) text: Campbell and Griffin step into an old steel-grated freight elevator. Griffin holds his gun casually trained on Campbell. He pushes a button labeled 'Five' and the elevator begins to ascend.
144) 0) text: Campbell walks reluctantly alongside Griffin down a corridor in the warehouse. They reach a door and Griffin unlocks it and kneels down, carefully slipping his hand inside the door.
144) 1) text: Griffin's fingers slide up the inside of the door and unhook a string that runs through two pulleys before attaching to the trigger of a small "riot" shotgun which was set to go off if the door were opened. Griffin pushes Campbell inside. The warehouse/loft is about the size of a small basketball court with polished concrete floors, high ceilings, and floor to ceiling windows overlooking the river. Polly sits gagged and bound to a chair in the center of the room. The wooden chair sits in a two-inch deep pool of kerosene. The only light in the room comes from the windows and several foot-tall dinner candles which stand in the Kerosene pool. Campbell has just long enough to take in the scene before Griffin WHACKS him over the head with a heavy metal rod.
148) 0) text: Campbell (younger, clean-shaven) walks up to the front porch of the house, careful not to be seen or heard. He peers under the blinds into a window. Through the thick leaded glass his POV is distorted. He sees a figure move in the living room. Campbell pulls away and looks through another window, trying to get a better idea of what's happening. From the second window he can see a woman bound and gagged. His breath quickens. He stands and kicks the front door.
149) 0) text: Campbell bursts into the front room. He hears a loud commotion in the next-room and rounds the corner just in time to see a man duck into a back hallway, dumping a card table over in his haste. Campbell gets a shot off but it thumps harmlessly into the wall. Campbell turns his attention to LISA ALEXANDER who sits bound and gagged in a chair - and we realize that she is the same woman in the fire and this is the room that was on fire. He runs quickly to her and rips the tape off her mouth.
149) 1) dialog: Are you hurt? Paralyzed with fear, she only manages to shake her head. The back door slams loudly, capturing Campbell's attention.
149) 2) dialog: You're going to be all right. Everything's going to be fine. Campbell turns to run after the man, failing to notice that two burning candles (which had been on the card table) have rolled across the room and ignited a small fire.
150) 0) text: Campbell bursts through the back door and flies down the stairs and into the alley. His POV: far ahead a figure races through the shadows. He runs down the alley, leaving the house further and further behind. After another few seconds, he hears a sharp CLAPPING sound. He wheels around to see the smoke rising up from inside the house he was just in. He sprints back toward the house and up the staircase. He kicks in the back door, ducking away from the rush of flames and heat.
151) 0) text: The woman SCREAMS. Campbell pushes further into the crumbling hallway, dodging burning debris that falls around him. She SCREAMS again, a long piercing howl and-
151) 10) text: Did you or did you not reach the conclusion that Campbell and I need each other in order to have meaning in our lives.
155) 0) text: Campbell still squints against the light. White splotches cloud his vision. He watches as Griffin lightly caresses Polly's cheek and then neck.... He stands and takes several steps toward Griffin.
155) 1) dialog: Take your fucking hands off her.
155) 4) dialog: You can talk all you want. I'll listen but I'm not going to let you touch. Put the gun. We both know you're not going to do it.
155) 6) dialog: Because you only get to kill her once and that way won't be any fun. BLAM! Griffin shoots Campbell in the shin, sending him end-over-end from the force of the impact.
157) 0) text: Griffin stands over Campbell who writhes in agony on the floor. An enormous pool of blood is forming under him. Both of his hands grip his shin. Griffin picks him up and sets him in the chair.
157) 4) dialog: I don't know what the voices tell you, Griffin, but I'm not same as you. You don't define me. I'm not your thing. You're a job to me. You're paperwork. Griffin pushes his head back and steps away. He walks over to nearby table and picks up a length of piano wire attached to two small wooden blocks.
157) 7) dialog: Thank you. Griffin stops and cocks his head.
157) 9) dialog: I said thank you. I mean it. You made your point. Griffin walks over to him and leans an ear toward him sarcastically, again affecting the big brother.
157) 11) dialog: (whispers) I said thank you. Griffin leans in closer and Campbell suddenly jabs the blade of his pocketknife under Griffin's chin, just missing the jugular. Griffin gasps and staggers backward, stumbling and falling into the kerosene. His gun clatters across the cement floor. Campbell stands awkwardly and pounces onto Griffin, jamming his thumbs viciously toward his bloody throat. Kerosene splashes dangerously close to the burning candles.
159) 0) text: Griffin's about to fall unconscious as Campbell bares down on his throat. Rings of kerosene lap against the base of the candles, causing them to teeter back and forth. Griffin suddenly lands a solid blow to Campbell's temple, knocking him aside. Again, kerosene splashes dangerously around as they vie for position, exchanging what punches they can.
160) 0) text: Campbell and Griffin are locked together, limbs entangled. Campbell loses his footing and Griffin slams him down face first into the concrete. Their bodies smack down six inches from one of the candles. Griffin pushes Campbell's face into the kerosene. Campbell sputters and coughs as he fights to breathe.
164) 0) text: Griffin still has Campbell's face half-submerged. Campbell's POV: The shotgun sits fifteen feet away. Campbell surges upward, rolling Griffin off of his back. Campbell scurries across the floor and snatches up the shotgun. He spins around and takes a bead on Griffin -- who stands calmly in the middle of the kerosene pool, holding his bloody neck with one hand and one of the burning candles in the other. If Campbell shoots him, he'll drop the candle into the Kerosene.
169) 0) text: Campbell, gun still trained on Griffin, slowly paces the perimeter of the kerosene pool. Griffin makes his way toward his own gun which lies in the pool a few feet away.
172) 0) text: Cops and agents wheel around when they hear glass shatter and watch as Campbell and Polly soar through the air and SPLASH into the river, flames roaring out behind them. UNDERWATER CAMERA - picks up Campbell and Polly as they thump into the freezing river. Blood from Campbell's leg plums in the water. He immediately swims toward Polly who sinks like a brick. He grabs her and heads to the surface.
174) 0) text: Campbell and Polly both come up gasping for air.
174) 1) dialog: Are you okay?
174) 3) dialog: Like I said, it's never that easy. The best we can do is hope he fucks up and do what we can to be there when he does. Campbell turns and swims toward the bank.
174) 4) dialog: It's been six months, you know?
174) 5) text: Polly and Campbell step out of the elevator. She carries her briefcase. He carries a bag of groceries.
174) 7) dialog: I'm just saying you still seem a little paranoid. Maybe you should see someone about this. She opens the door and they step inside.
175) 0) text: They step inside and are greeted by an enormous Rottweiler. Campbell pats its big head roughly.
175) 2) dialog: No definitely not. Campbell walks through the rest of the apartment, turning on all the lights and checking all the rooms.
175) 4) dialog: (calling from down the hall) Definitely. He walks back into the living room.
175) 7) dialog: It's the least I can do, don't you think?
176) 0) text: Polly closes the door behind Campbell and he grins as she bolts about fifteen different locks and chains. He walks to the elevator and pushes the down button and waits. After a moment he hears the bolts and chains again. The door opens and Polly steps into the hallway.
176) 2) dialog: What's that? The elevator door pings open.
176) 4) dialog: Me too. He starts to walk toward her. They go back inside and the bolts and chains start banging and clicking again.