2) 0) text: Spirited CUBAN MUSIC fills this expensively decorated and trendy loft. Windows compromise one whole wall of the room offering a stunning view over the lake. DAVID ALLEN GRIFFIN (35, handsome; despite his apparent good mood, he has an eerie presence) suddenly dances into frame. He whirls and steps unselfconsciously to the feisty rhythms, holding a heavy black automatic pistol in one hand. Mid-twirl he turns and addresses someone off camera.
2) 1) dialog: Ooh. This song is faboo. Do you feel that? The rhythm? It's alive. He dances, humming along with the song and occasionally turning to look playfully at his image in a large three- pane mirror as if he were flirting with an unseen partner.
4) 0) text: Griffin continues to dance for a moment before winding his motion down gracefully as the song fades. In the absence of music we hear for the first time the sound of a WOMAN in the room quietly crying and whimpering nearby. The next SONG suddenly jumps to life on the CD player and Griffin launches into another dance number, again humming along.
7) 0) text: AS a song ends, Griffin addresses someone off camera.
7) 1) dialog: I don't know how you can just sit there with music like this. Such a waste.
26) 0) text: Sharon pushes open her bedroom door and flips on the light and heads towards the closet, pulling her shirt off as she walks. Griffin stands behind the bedroom door, calmly. She doesn't see him. She opens the closet door and begins to rummage through her clothes. Griffin pushes the bedroom door closed with a just audible CLICK. Sharon slowly turns and sees Griffin standing inside the closed bedroom door. She yelps, covers herself with her hands and tries to run but there's nowhere to go. She runs headlong into her tiny closet, pulling down a bunch of her clothes, literally trying to climb the walls.
26) 1) text: Sharon sits whimpering loudly on the sofa. She has duct tape across her mouth and her feet are bound together with her own stockings. Griffin stands nearby at a CD rack browsing through her CDs. He takes out a CD and puts it in.
26) 2) dialog: Oh. Here we go. Shall we dance? Ballroom dance music suddenly pours out of the stereo. He holds out his hand. Sharon sits, still totally immobilized with fear. She begins to whimper a little louder.
26) 3) dialog: Oh, don't play hard to get. This'1ll be fun! Shhhhhhh. Shhhhhhh. He dances over to her and tries to pick her up but she wails and her body goes limp, slipping out of his arms.
26) 4) dialog: Shhhhhhh.  Shhhhhhh. (suddenly enraged) I said SHUT UP! She does.
32) 0) text: Griffin stands in front of the mirror covered in blood and sweat, exhausted from the ordeal of murder. As he methodically cleans himself up, he addresses himself in the mirror, though he seems to be talking to someone else, the way one might speak to a deceased loved one.
32) 1) dialog: Where did you go? I wonder what happened to you that night? Why was it so different from the other times? I don't know why you were there, how you got so close to me that night. He bends over and washes his face.
32) 2) dialog: But I remember clearly what I felt when I heard your footsteps falling behind me... Pride. For me it was our finest hour. I thought it would keep us together forever. I can still see the flames...
48) 0) text: Dozens of shoppers cross this way and that, no one paying attention to the others. After a moment, we see Griffin, making his way toward Snap.
49) 0) text: Griffin walks in and catches Ellie making faces. She smiles apologetically.
49) 2) dialog: That's quite alright. You looked adorable. Ellie blushes. Griffin walks up to a display and pulls a roll of Kodak film off the rack.
49) 3) dialog: This new Kodak film stock, it says it's for exterior sunshine, but how's it handle Fluorescents? Ellie shrugs and throws up her hands.
49) 4) text: (laughing at herself) I'm sorry, I have no idea what you're talking about. (shrugs again) I just work here. Griffin smiles at her and looks up at the ceiling: Fluorescent lighting.
49) 5) dialog: Do you guys process here, as well?
49) 7) dialog: May I?
49) 9) dialog: I'm going to test it out. He clicks a picture of her. She laughs.
49) 10) dialog: I'll shoot a few pictures and you can process them for me. He clicks another picture of her. She laughs again, this time making a face at his camera. He clicks another. She's clearly enjoying the attention. He clicks several more.
55) 0) text: Campbell punches his floor and leans against the wall. The door starts to close but at the last second opens again. Griffin steps in. Griffin punches the same floor as Campbell and the two ride in silence, not looking at each other. Campbell yawns. He looks rather haggard froma night of little sleep.
55) 1) dialog: Long night? Campbell nods. They ride up the rest of the way in silence.
56) 0) text: Campbell steps into the hallway and Griffin steps out behind him. Campbell walks down the hallway, Griffin right behind him. He comes to a fork in the hallway and takes the left corridor. Campbell follows. Griffin grins.
56) 1) dialog: Are you following me?
65) 3) dialog: Is that something that you do with all of your patients?
65) 5) dialog: No. I'd rather you not.
67) 0) text: Griffin continues his session with Polly.
67) 2) dialog: I'm not sure. What kind of help do you provide?
67) 4) dialog: I don't like when you say "issues'. It just bothers me. Don't do that. (she's taken aback by this) Do you think some of your patients might pay to come see you because you're very pretty?
70) 5) dialog: (disarmingly direct) What are you doing out here?
70) 7) dialog: Don't you have a job or anything?
70) 9) dialog: Well, I very much doubt that. But I do admire your ideals. Somehow when you get older they all seem to just go away.
70) 11) dialog: Only if you dance with me.
70) 13) dialog: I'm serious. He holds his hand out to her. She smiles and blushes, a very young girl again.
70) 15) dialog: I'll hum for us. He begins humming out the rhythm. She takes his arms and he leads her through a few steps.
70) 17) dialog: I will. She stops suddenly, laughing too hard to continue.
70) 19) dialog: (laughing with her) You can. C'mon. He starts humming again. She takes his hands with a laugh and they dance again.
80) 0) text: Griffin sits in a plastic lawn chair wearing a bathing suit, headphones, and sunglasses.
99) 0) text: Jessica sits by the fire. Her face tightens as she senses someone behind her but she doesn't turn around. The figure approaches the firelight revealing that it is in fact Griffin. Though she is clearly nervous, she tries not to let it show.
99) 2) dialog: Hi. What are you listening to?
99) 4) dialog: (singing) Bela Logosi's dead. Bela Logosi's dead.
100) 1) text: Griffin now runs through the darkness in the direction Jessica had gone. She makes it across the top floor and to the stairwell.
102) 0) text: Unlike the top floor, however, the kids haven't kicked down all the interior walls of this floor. Griffin closes in right behind her. She knows she can't out run him so she makes the dangerous decision to duck into one of the old offices, initiating a deadly game of hide and seek.
104) 0) text: Jessica has managed to crawl from office space to office space, apparently unseen by Griffin. Several times she has to make the horrifying leap from behind one wall to another exposing herself briefly in the moonlight as she inches her way toward the other stairwell.
106) 0) text: Campbell, Hollis and the kid burst through the stairwell and onto the seventh floor (where we last saw Jessica). A shadow passes the light ahead. Campbell stops short and puts a hand on the kid's chest. Hollis immediately pulls the boy back into the stairwell. Campbell moves quickly, gun drawn, down the main corridor toward the direction he saw the shadow. He fires FIVE SHOTS instinctively as Griffin leaps from the darkness and into the stairwell.
107) 0) text: In the stairwell, Griffin slams his weight into a steel door (leading down to the next floor) but the door won't budge. After a couple tries he turns and heads up the stairs. Griffin runs up the stairs. Campbell pounds the metal stairs below him.
108) 0) text: Griffin reaches the top floor and crosses as fast as he can toward another stairwell. Campbell kicks the door open and takes FOUR MORE SHOTS at his figure. Again, Griffin goes untouched. He makes it to the other stairwell and heads toward the roof.
109) 1) text: Griffin runs onto the roof. Shortly thereafter, the police helicopters have him in their spotlights. Campbell bursts onto the roof and runs full-sprint toward Griffin, shooting insanely without breaking stride. Griffin spots a smaller office building below; he sprints and leaps from the roof over an alley way, tumbling as he lands two stories below. Campbell follows him dangerously across the alley. At the other end of the building, Griffin jumps again, this time to an even lower building.
110) 0) text: A wide shot of storefronts as Griffin hurdles from one rooftop to the next as he finally eludes the searchlights and disappears between buildings, Campbell right on his heels
111) 0) text: We pick up Griffin mid-air a second before he lands feet first on the exploding windshield of a truck. He tumbles off and steals down the alley. Campbell jumps across the alleyway to a nearby fire escape and quickly jumps from level to level, until he reaches bottom level. He jumps into the alley and chases Griffin.
112) 0) text: Three mushrooms of gas spray out of the ground showering Griffin's Lincoln and drenching the parking lot. Griffin sits, calmly waiting as cop cars converge from every direction. Campbell gets out of his car and draws his weapon. Several Cops do the same. He waits. More and more cops pull up. He calmly shifts the car in gear and tosses a Zippo lighter out the window. The entire area explodes. A block away, Griffin races down the side street and disappears.
128) 4) text: Hollis steps inside the room, curiously. He opens a box and pulls out some file-folders - crime scene photos, reports, etc. Griffin's name is everywhere. These are obviously Campbell's personal files on Griffin. Hollis notices several burned down candles. He turns around and sees a thin white sheet covering one wall of the closet. He lifts the sheet and tries to peer under. A look of confusion washes over his face. He yanks the sheet from the wall, sending tacks flying. The sheet drops down to reveal the enormous photographic collage we saw in the opening credits. Its true scope and detail are revealed for the first time. It spans the entire wall and looks as if it were methodically, obsessively pasted together.
131) 0) text: Campbell walks through the graveyard, unhurried but deliberate. He rounds a corner and stops short. Griffin sits on the grave we saw Campbell leaning against earlier. Campbell draws his gun and walks slowly over. Griffin notices him.
131) 1) dialog: Hey Campbell! How's your heart, pal? Here have a beer, it'll make it feel better. Here. Griffin tosses him a beer but Campbell side-steps it, letting drop to the ground. He loads a shell into the chamber of his 9mm, still trying to make sense of the situation.
131) 2) dialog: Tell me something, Campbell. Did you move two thousand miles to live near this woman's grave? Griffin takes a drink out of his beer. Campbell tightens his grip on the pistol. He takes dead aim at Griffin's forehead.
131) 5) dialog: Why didn't you ever tell anyone you laying pipe with her? Just cause she was married?
131) 7) dialog: Well you do have one problem. Griffin tosses his beer and fishes a business card out of his pocket. Campbell quickly raises his gun. Griffin doesn't even flinch. Careful to keep his gun trained on Griffin, Campbell reaches and takes the card. It reads: Polly Beilman, Ph.D. It is badly stained with blood. Campbell winces.
131) 8) dialog: If I'm dead, your friend Polly plans to meet a rather gruesome fate involving candlelight and quite a large pool of kerosene. Campbell looks at him for a long moment, weighing his options.
131) 9) text: You know something about attractive women burning alive, don't you? Tell me, what was it like? Could you smell her flesh burning? Campbell flicks Polly's business card toward Griffin, it flutters away and lands in the grass.
131) 11) dialog: C'mon. You know me better than that. That's not even her blood.
131) 13) dialog: Oh, I don't know about that. Let's just sit here and talk for a little while.
131) 16) dialog: Fine. Let's go. They turn and take a few steps. Blam! Griffin shoots the ground, startling Campbell.
131) 17) dialog: Wow. It's loaded. Campbell relaxes and they take a few more steps. BLAM! Griffin laughs. BLAM!
133) 0) text: Campbell drives, seething with anger; Griffin sets Campbell's gun on the seat next to him.
133) 1) dialog: You look older since you were in LA. You look more and more like your father. Campbell turns to look at him.
133) 2) dialog: Relax, I never hurt him. I just used to go visit him in the home. Towards the end, he couldn't tell the difference between us so I just told him I was you. It made him happy, that you were there.
133) 4) dialog: You're all I need, Campbell.
134) 0) text: Griffin's car cruises along on the freeway.
135) 1) text: Hollis stands over Lisa Alexander's grave. Griffin's picnic beer bottles are still strewn about. He struggles to make sense of the scene. His first clear clue comes when he comes across a cartridge from Campbell's gun. He searches the area some more and finds Polly's bloody business card. He still has no real idea of what went on.
137) 0) text: Griffin's car eases off the freeway and into traffic.
138) 1) dialog: (sincere) You're not angry with me, are you, Campbell? You don't think I'm an evil person, do you?
138) 3) dialog: Thanks, Campbell. You're a good friend. You're like a brother to me. Did you know that?
138) 5) dialog: Oh, Campbell, what the fuck?! I'm trying to have a real conversation and you're psycho analyzing me! Are you Polly now?
138) 7) dialog: Look at me when I talk to you! (Campbell does) You're trying to control this situation! Can't you leave your job out of this?! Just this once! I'm telling you Campbell, you've been seeing that bitch Polly too- Campbell takes a quick glimpse at the road to orient the car.
138) 8) dialog: I said look at me when I'm talking! Campbell turns back, totally ignoring the road even though they're in traffic and the road is winding.
138) 10) dialog: I forgot what I was going to say. Campbell turns and looks back at the road but it's too late, the car has faded into the curb. Campbell wrenches the wheel as the car crunches up onto the curb. Griffin and Campbell both bounce around the front seat until Campbell gets the vehicle back under control.
138) 11) dialog: (looking over his shoulder ) That was fun. Campbell uses the distraction to slip his cell phone out of his pants pocket and push 'redial.'
141) 3) dialog: (on Hollis' phone) Communication is important to us. I realized after you left L.A. that you were the only thing I had...
141) 4) text: Campbell drives Griffin's car down a small street that runs along the waterfront.
141) 5) dialog: You were the only one who thought about me. You were my audience. And for a long time, I was the only one you had. And then you met Lisa, which... (he points toa parking lot) Pull in here. Campbell pulls in. The parking lot is in front of a five story brick and glass building that sits on the river front. Water laps against the bricks on one side of the building. The area is completely deserted. As Campbell steps out of the car, he lets the cell phone fall into the floorboard. Griffin doesn't notice it.
142) 0) text: Campbell and Griffin step into an old steel-grated freight elevator. Griffin holds his gun casually trained on Campbell. He pushes a button labeled 'Five' and the elevator begins to ascend.
144) 0) text: Campbell walks reluctantly alongside Griffin down a corridor in the warehouse. They reach a door and Griffin unlocks it and kneels down, carefully slipping his hand inside the door.
144) 1) text: Griffin's fingers slide up the inside of the door and unhook a string that runs through two pulleys before attaching to the trigger of a small "riot" shotgun which was set to go off if the door were opened. Griffin pushes Campbell inside. The warehouse/loft is about the size of a small basketball court with polished concrete floors, high ceilings, and floor to ceiling windows overlooking the river. Polly sits gagged and bound to a chair in the center of the room. The wooden chair sits in a two-inch deep pool of kerosene. The only light in the room comes from the windows and several foot-tall dinner candles which stand in the Kerosene pool. Campbell has just long enough to take in the scene before Griffin WHACKS him over the head with a heavy metal rod.
151) 2) dialog: (to Polly) I don't know how you can just sit there with music like this. Such a waste. Campbell puts one hand to his head, shielding his eyes, and with the other, grasps at his inside pocket, looking for his syringes. Griffin has removed the tape from Polly's mouth.
151) 3) dialog: Who-hoo? Campbell looks up and sees Griffin holding Campbell's leather medicine pouch in one hand and his gun in the other. Griffin walks over and picks him up by his jacket and sits him in a wooden chair (outside the perimeter of the kerosene pool). Campbell is too disoriented to resist. On a nearby table, Griffin clicks on a bright Halogen desk lamp and pushes right into Campbell's face. He flinches from the light. Griffin flips the light away from Campbell and then back, away and then back, repeatedly.
151) 4) dialog: That hurts, doesn't it? They say flashing lights and migraines just don't go together at all. Griffin's bullying has a older-brotherish quality to it.
151) 5) dialog: (still flashing the light) Quick! Name three candy bars and I'll stop. Quick! Three candy bars! Quick! Griffin loses interest and tosses the lamp back onto the table. He quickly draws his gun and points it Campbell's head.
151) 7) dialog: No, no, no, no, Campbell. I'm not going to kill you. We need each other. We define each other. We are yin and yang. Black and white. Isn't that right Polly? Polly grows more anxious, unsure whether to answer. Campbell's head throbs insanely and his vision is still distorted and hazy.
151) 8) dialog: (louder ) I said, isn't that right, Polly!?
155) 0) text: Campbell still squints against the light. White splotches cloud his vision. He watches as Griffin lightly caresses Polly's cheek and then neck.... He stands and takes several steps toward Griffin.
155) 2) dialog: Sit down. Campbell takes a few more steps toward him. Griffin puts the gun to Polly's head. She cringes.
155) 3) dialog: Sit down!
155) 5) dialog: Why do we know that?
155) 7) dialog: You're right.
157) 0) text: Griffin stands over Campbell who writhes in agony on the floor. An enormous pool of blood is forming under him. Both of his hands grip his shin. Griffin picks him up and sets him in the chair.
157) 1) dialog: Get up. Get up! How's this for Deja Vu, Campbell? We got the fire. We got the pretty girl that you've put in our way. Only last time the plan backfired. Instead of bringing us closer, it pulled us apart.
157) 2) text: What do you want me to say? That I made a rookie mistake and let my obsession with you affect - Griffin grabs his hair and looks him right in the eye, the other hand cocked back with the gun pointing at his head.
157) 3) dialog: NO! NO! NO! That's not what I want you to say! THE OBSESSION IS ALL YOU HAVE! The HATRED is all you have! Love is fleeting. Hate lasts forever. The mistake was turning back in the alley. What I want you to say is thank you! Thank you for coming here and saving your life!
157) 6) dialog: I have to do this. He's not going to understand anything else. You heard him. Paperwork. Campbell tries to watch what's happening but can barely see from the blinding headache. He sees Griffin nearing Polly, unfurling the wire in front of him. He drapes the wire in front of her and slides it up her chest. She whimpers.
157) 10) dialog: What was that?
159) 0) text: Griffin's about to fall unconscious as Campbell bares down on his throat. Rings of kerosene lap against the base of the candles, causing them to teeter back and forth. Griffin suddenly lands a solid blow to Campbell's temple, knocking him aside. Again, kerosene splashes dangerously around as they vie for position, exchanging what punches they can.
160) 0) text: Campbell and Griffin are locked together, limbs entangled. Campbell loses his footing and Griffin slams him down face first into the concrete. Their bodies smack down six inches from one of the candles. Griffin pushes Campbell's face into the kerosene. Campbell sputters and coughs as he fights to breathe.
164) 0) text: Griffin still has Campbell's face half-submerged. Campbell's POV: The shotgun sits fifteen feet away. Campbell surges upward, rolling Griffin off of his back. Campbell scurries across the floor and snatches up the shotgun. He spins around and takes a bead on Griffin -- who stands calmly in the middle of the kerosene pool, holding his bloody neck with one hand and one of the burning candles in the other. If Campbell shoots him, he'll drop the candle into the Kerosene.
164) 1) dialog: (panting, smiling) Oh boy, what are we going to do now?
169) 0) text: Campbell, gun still trained on Griffin, slowly paces the perimeter of the kerosene pool. Griffin makes his way toward his own gun which lies in the pool a few feet away.
169) 1) dialog: Why don't you go ahead and set that gun down?
169) 3) dialog: Put the gun down. The gun wobbles in Campbell's hand. His breath races.
171) 1) dialog: He can't do it. He'd be killing you and held never be able to live with that. Griffin kneels and picks up his pistol. He holds it in one hand and the candle in the other. He aims the pistol at Campbell.
171) 2) dialog: Put it down.