42) 0) text: Campbell ducks another line of tape and into the hallway. LIEUTENANT HOLLIS MACKIE (33, Southern twang and a bad haircut) stands in the hallway talking to some COPS. He sees Campbell.
42) 1) dialog: Hi. Welcome to my crime scene. Can help you or are you just looking?
42) 3) dialog: (stepping in his path) Did you not see the bright yellow tape that said 'Do Not Cross' on it? Campbell holds up his wallet, showing Hollis his ID.
42) 5) text: Emelda! Hollis calls her over with a quick nod.
42) 6) dialog: Got a picture? EMELDA (a young Hispanic cop) hands it over. Hollis hands the picture of Sharon to Campbell. The photo (probably found in Sharon's apartment) is taken at her high school graduation.
42) 7) dialog: Do you know this woman?
42) 9) dialog: (suddenly very suspicious) We didn't say anything about a homicide... Mister... (looking at the ID) Campbell. Now why would you jump to that conclusion?
42) 11) dialog: Wait. Call me if you think of anything? Campbell turns back around. Hollis walks over and hands him a card. Campbell turns around and heads up the stairs.
45) 1) text: ON THE CUT: a cell phone RINGS just as Hollis swerves violently through traffic nearly killing himself and twenty others. He's in pursuit of a Honda Accord that just made a quick left. His police radio SQUABBLES almost as loud as the TIRES of his car. After he fishtails around the corner and down shifts, quickly gaining his lost ground on the Honda, he answers the phone.
45) 2) dialog: (surprisingly calm) Lieutenant Mackie. INTERCUT WITH CAMPBELL'S APARTMENT; Campbell jerks his head away from the receiver, startled by the SCREAMING tires, engine ROAR, and blaring SIRENS.
45) 4) dialog: (driving insanely) Campbell. Sure, sure. Our ex- F.B.I. friend from apartment 805. (answering the unasked question) We did some checking after you left last night. What can I do for you? Hollis almost runs down four PEDESTRIANS, locking up all four tires just long enough to miss them, then punching the gas again. He doesn't even flinch. Several police cruisers have joined the chase.
45) 6) dialog: (still totally calm) Some asshole just jacked a Honda two blocks from me.
45) 8) dialog: (wrenching the wheel) No, I'm fine. You got something for me?
45) 10) dialog: (still driving insanely) Monday night. Three days ago. Why?
45) 12) dialog: And how might you know that?
45) 14) dialog: (blown away, almost happy) No shit!? Several patrol cars suddenly cut off the Honda and it skids to a halt. Two Asian YOUTHS jump out and flee on foot.
45) 15) dialog: Campbell, hold on a sec. Team Honda here's on the run. Hollis jumps out of his car and chases one of the kids, still holding his cell phone. After a short sprint, Hollis has closed the gap. He tackles the kid, dropping his cell phone, and the two of them skid along the dirty pavement. The phone slides ten feet away. A UNIFORM jumps on the kid and cuffs him. Hollis walks over and picks up the cell phone
46) 0) text: Hollis looks at a picture of Sharon (which is now ina plastic evidence bag). Campbell sits across the desk.
46) 1) dialog: You always open your mail four days after you get it? Campbell tosses Hollis the second picture (also in plastic).
46) 3) dialog: I guess that answers any question we might of had whether the two cases were related. Oh, boy, my first serial.
46) 5) dialog: (laughing) Are you kidding? He's sending us pictures, Campbell! Call Bob Barker! It's a fucking game show.
46) 7) dialog: Exactly. No touchy, no feely. What's going on?
46) 9) dialog: In L.A.? What the hell's he doing in Chicago?
46) 11) dialog: (holding up the picture) He ever come after you before?
46) 13) dialog: So it's not necessarily the same guy?
46) 15) dialog: (whistles) Three and half and a pair of Nikes, huh? (Campbell stands) Bureau's involved now, I assume?
59) 2) dialog: What up 'C'? I found your retard.
59) 4) dialog: I'll meet you. Off the record, though. Just me and you. My guy's still undercover.
60) 0) text: Campbell and Hollis stand on the dock with JACK FRAY (35, long hair, leather jacket).
60) 9) text: Campbell and Hollis step quietly from Campbell's car. The guys gaze across and up the street at a dark house with six-foot weeds in the yard and plywood over the windows.
61) 0) text: Campbell and Hollis stalk quietly up to the front door. Campbell kneels to the left of the door, Hollis to the right. Campbell nods. Hollis bangs loudly on the front door. Hollis bangs again and leans back down away from the door.
61) 2) dialog: Police! Open the door. (then as an aside to Campbell) Oh, sorry, Campbell. (shouting again) The F.B.I. is here too!
61) 4) dialog: We're selling tickets to the Policeman's ball, douche bag. BLAM! BLAM! Campbell hits the porch when the door partially disintegrates as Stanislaw blasts two rounds through it. Hollis shrugs, stands up, and kicks the rest of the door in. Campbell makes a circle with his index finger, and slinks off the porch.
62) 0) text: It's pitch black. Hollis walks inside. BLAM! BLAM! The house lights up as someone unloads from down the hallway. Hollis doesn't even bother to duck.
62) 1) text: Okay, asshole. Stop shooting. You can't even see me. How you're going shoot me? BLAM! The house flashes brightly again. Hollis walks down the hall, right towards the gunman.
62) 3) dialog: (shouting) Cut that shit out or I'm gonna shoot your ass. BLAM! Click. The sound of the hammer against loud footsteps can be heard rustling around the back of the house as the guy makes a run for it. Hollis runs through the rest of the house.
63) 0) text: Hollis bursts out the back door just in time to see Stanislaw fly end-over-end as Campbell clunks him in the shin with a two-by-four. Hollis laughs heartily.
64) 0) text: Campbell and Hollis interrogate Stanislaw who sits cuffed to a dinette chair in the middle of his living room. He sits in his boxer shorts. Hollis holds a fat copy of the Chicago white pages.
64) 1) dialog: (casually) 500 North Carmine Avenue? Is that it?
64) 5) dialog: (again looking at the book) 413 Broadway? Stanislaw hesitates. Thump. Thump. Thump. Campbell laughs, then suddenly picks Stanislaw up and shoves him against the wall.
64) 14) dialog: (showing a picture) Does Norton Inglert still work here?
64) 19) text: Hollis stands talking on his car radio. Campbell stands within earshot. Hollis reads from a small note pad.
64) 20) dialog: 4240 Crossbend Avenue. Surveil only! Do not go inside! Surveil only! Nobody inside until I get there.
66) 3) dialog: Hey! Hey! Back the fuck up! We're on TV here people. He points to a camera crew and reporter that have just arrived, camera rolling.
66) 6) dialog: (still holding them apart) Campbell, let's go to the district office, you can talk to him there.
66) 7) text: (laughing, cocky) There's not much left to talk about. Franklin found a shirt with blood on the sleeves and the fucking loony couldn't confess fast enough. You should of seen it, Hollis, he's blabbing away and I'm in his face trying to read his Mirandas fast enough to use the Goddamn confession. Campbell and Hollis turn and walk away.
68) 0) text: Hollis and several OTHERS are watching from behind the glass.
69) 0) text: Campbell and Hollis stand outside the district office.
69) 1) dialog: Let me talk to his lawyer. I know a guy who knows a guy that can put some pressure.
75) 0) text: Again, Hollis addresses the PRESS. This time, however, there are more than a hundred REPORTERS and PHOTOGRAPHERS.
75) 2) dialog: (on edge) -the arrest was based on very strong evidence and our department stands by it. If it turns out that the killer is still at large then we obviously will release the suspect as quickly as is feasible. Several reporters blurt questions.
86) 8) dialog: Bad news. She does not work nor has she ever worked for Starbucks.
86) 9) text: Goddamnit! That can't be right. Look at the picture, Hollis. She's sitting at a coffee shop.
86) 10) dialog: (looking at the photo) I don't know. Just looks like a chair to me. Could be anywhere.
86) 12) dialog: (standing) I'll see what I can do. Hollis opens the map of the city.
90) 0) text: MATCH CUT to Hollis lifting his phone to his mouth.
90) 1) dialog: Positive ID. The Starbucks on Lincoln and Wisconsin.
93) 0) text: Campbell and Hollis question the clerk. Mitch stands nearby.
100) 0) text: The skater now leads Hollis and Campbell on a full-run back to the abandoned building. As they cross the main street near the Starbucks, Hollis radios for back up.
103) 0) text: The skater, Campbell, and Hollis sprint through traffic.
105) 0) text: Downstairs, the skater leads Campbell and Hollis under the chain-link fence and into the building.
105) 1) text: Campbell, Hollis, and the kid run up the stairs.
106) 0) text: Campbell, Hollis and the kid burst through the stairwell and onto the seventh floor (where we last saw Jessica). A shadow passes the light ahead. Campbell stops short and puts a hand on the kid's chest. Hollis immediately pulls the boy back into the stairwell. Campbell moves quickly, gun drawn, down the main corridor toward the direction he saw the shadow. He fires FIVE SHOTS instinctively as Griffin leaps from the darkness and into the stairwell.
120) 0) text: Outside the police district office, a crowd of BYSTANDERS, REPORTERS, and PHOTOGRAPHERS makeshift police barricade between the door van. A moment later four COPS exit the building, Norton who wears an orange prison jumpsuit. of hundreds crowd a and a police escorting COPS work the barricade trying to hold everyone back as they all surge forward to get a look or ask a question. Hollis takes in the scene with disgust. POP! POP! POP! Suddenly everyone hits the ground and scatters as three shots are fired from close range. Norton slumps to the ground bleeding from two bullet wounds. One cop has also been hit. The rest of the cops draw their weapons on an OLDER MAN in light blue Sansa-belt slacks and a golf shirt who stands holding a small-caliber revolver. The COPS wrestle him to the ground.
121) 0) text: Norton lays on a stretcher next to an ambulance. The area is chaotic. One PARAMEDIC pumps his chest; another PARAMEDIC has an oxygen mask over his mouth. Hollis hovers next to the paramedics, cringing at his terrible state. After a few seconds, Norton stirs and cries out in pain.
121) 2) dialog: Me? Shit I don't know what to say!
121) 4) dialog: (frazzled) Hey! Norton! Hang in there, man. We're going to the hospital right now! You're looking good.
121) 8) dialog: Oh. Sorry. (back to Norton, as if to a child) What else, what else? Let's see... I had a retarded cousin once. Bet you didn't know that, did you? He died though. The paramedics work faster to try to save him but Hollis senses that it's over and stops talking.
123) 0) text: Mitch, Diana, and SEVERAL FORENSIC TECHS, stand under a dirty LATE MODEL SEDAN that has been lifted on a mechanic's lift. All of the doors are wide open. The back window has been shot out, and the front fender and grill are damaged. The car appears to be the one Hollis and Campbell chased a few nights ago.
124) 0) text: Again, Hollis addresses a battery of reporters.
124) 1) dialog: Good morning and thanks for your attention. My comments today will be brief. As most of you know, we have received another photograph. The bank of REPORTERS all BLURT questions at once.
125) 0) text: Campbell sits in bed, looking totally wrecked. He watches Hollis finish his address on TV.
125) 1) dialog: (calming the reporters) No, no, no. I'm not answering questions today. I'm only here to pass on the photograph and request that you continue to help us in this investigation. That is all. Campbell sits with no noticeable expression of emotion o his face. He seems truly defeated.
126) 0) text: Hollis races along talking to Mitch on the cell phone.
126) 2) dialog: It's Mackie. I'm looking for Campbell. He's not at the hospital.
126) 4) dialog: Maybe he's at home? I'1l drop by there.
127) 0) text: Hollis screeches to a halt outside of Campbell's apartment, leaving his car double-parked. He runs up to the front door.
127) 1) text: Hollis bangs loudly on Campbell's door.
127) 2) dialog: Hey! Open the Goddamn door! Hey! Campbell? You okay?! He sighs, steps away from the door and kicks it open.
128) 0) text: Hollis enters Campbell's stuffy, messy apartment.
128) 1) dialog: Jesus, man. You gotta get a maid. Campbell?! Hollis quickly searches the kitchen (small and visible from the living room) and the bedroom (he opens the door and can tell it's empty). Hollis tries one last door. It's locked. He knocks loudly.
128) 2) dialog: Campbell? He tries the door again, jiggling the knob very hard. It doesn't budge.
128) 3) dialog: (to himself) This is becoming a habit. WHACK! He kicks the door in. The room appears to be a walk-in closet. Inside, cardboard boxes are stacked from floor to ceiling.
128) 4) text: Hollis steps inside the room, curiously. He opens a box and pulls out some file-folders - crime scene photos, reports, etc. Griffin's name is everywhere. These are obviously Campbell's personal files on Griffin. Hollis notices several burned down candles. He turns around and sees a thin white sheet covering one wall of the closet. He lifts the sheet and tries to peer under. A look of confusion washes over his face. He yanks the sheet from the wall, sending tacks flying. The sheet drops down to reveal the enormous photographic collage we saw in the opening credits. Its true scope and detail are revealed for the first time. It spans the entire wall and looks as if it were methodically, obsessively pasted together.
128) 5) dialog: (awe-struck) What the fuck? He reaches into his jacket pocket and pulls out a folded white piece of paper. He unfolds the paper and looks at it: It is a flier with a photo of the next victim. He holds it close to the collage to reveal that it is THE WOMAN IN THE COLLAGE.
128) 6) dialog: Jesus, Campbell, what is this? His eyes dart around the collage. He reads the newspaper clippings: INQUIRY CLEARS AGENT OF NEGLIGENCE. He sees Campbell's name in all of the articles. Griffin's name is in several as well. The name 'Lisa Alexander' is also everywhere. The birthday card reads "Love, Lisa". He scans quickly trying to make sense of what he's seeing.
129) 0) text: Hollis steps out of the closet and toward the front door. On the TV there is a picture of Lisa Alexander.
130) 0) text: Hollis runs down the front stairs. He hops in his car.
132) 0) text: Hollis races dangerously through traffic.
135) 0) text: Hollis' car is parked in the deserted lot. He stands nearby searching a directory of the cemetery plots.
135) 1) text: Hollis stands over Lisa Alexander's grave. Griffin's picnic beer bottles are still strewn about. He struggles to make sense of the scene. His first clear clue comes when he comes across a cartridge from Campbell's gun. He searches the area some more and finds Polly's bloody business card. He still has no real idea of what went on.
136) 0) text: Again, even though his driving puts him right on the edge of death, Hollis talks calmly on the radio.
136) 1) dialog: See what you can find out about Polly Beilman. She's a shrink. Her office is at 2414 Eastern Avenue. Send a car by to check it out. I'm there in ten.
139) 0) text: Hollis screeches to a stop outside of Polly's office building. Two other cruisers are already parked out front, lights flashing. He jumps out of his car and approaches Mitch.
139) 2) dialog: Fuck. What about her house?
139) 4) dialog: Hello? For a moment it sounds as if the line is dead but then Griffin's voice is heard.
139) 6) dialog: (covering up the phone) Fuck. He's got Campbell. Let's get a trace on it, now! Mitch flips open his own cell phone.
141) 0) text: Mitch and Hollis stand outside both on the phone.
145) 0) text: Aerial shot of Hollis' car swerving through traffic.
147) 0) text: Three helicopters sit, blades already angrily chopping the air. Dozens of other AGENTS and PILOTS run here and there. After a moment, Ibby's F.B.I. van arrives and screeches to a halt. Ibby jumps out and runs toward one of the helicopters. Before he's even belted in, Hollis’ sedan roars around a corner and races toward them.
163) 0) text: Ibby, Hollis, and Mitch (now dressed in riot gear) approach the building.
168) 0) text: Ibby, Mitch, and Hollis enter the building.
173) 0) text: Hollis, Ibby, and Mitch rush towards the room. They push their way past the other cops and look in. The room is ablaze and filled with smoke.