10) 0) text: The agent in charge, MIKE IBBY (44, African American) and several other AGENTS approach the building.
46) 19) dialog: He told me you were a good agent. Great instincts. Told me you know this animal better than anyone else.
46) 21) dialog: He and I both think maybe it should be. We're setting up a task force with Chicago P.D. I'd like you to lead it from our end. We can reactivate-
57) 18) text: Campbell, Ibby, and Mitch sit in Campbell's office. Campbell reads from a file folder. Mitch looks wrecked. He's been here all night.
57) 20) dialog: Let's pick him up. You got a last known address?
74) 0) text: Campbell, Ibby, Mitch, and Diana stand in front of another gallery of posters - extreme closeups of every inch of the frame. Almost everything is out of focus except for her face.
82) 0) text: Campbell peruses the photo one last time with the magnifying glass. He stops and holds his view for a beat on a black mesh trash receptor of the same black and chrome design as the chair Jessica sits in. Ibby rushes into the office. Everyone looks up.
115) 0) text: Campbell's apartment looks worse than usual. It's dark dusty and it looks as if it has been ransacked. He is nowhere to be seen, but Ibby's voice can be heard through the door.
115) 1) dialog: Campbell!? You okay? Open the door.
116) 0) text: Ibby and Mitch stand in the hallway outside Campbell's apartment. Ibby bangs on the door loudly. He gives up and turns to Mitch.
116) 1) dialog: Open it. Mitch pulls a small electronic device from his pocket and kneels in front of the door. The device looks something like a handheld screwdriver with a modified tip. Mitch inserts the tip into the keyhole and WHIRS the machine to life. There's a short RATTLE before the knob turns and Ibby pushes the door open.
117) 0) text: Ibby and Mitch enter the dank apartment, concerned by its appearance. Ibby opens the bedroom door and sees Campbell's legs hanging out of the bathroom floor. He and Mitch rush over.
118) 0) text: Ibby leans over Campbell and tries to rouse him. He is pale white and the bathroom is a mess. Ibby checks his pulse.
118) 1) dialog: (to Mitch) Jesus, he's freezing cold. Call a paramedic! But just then Campbell rouses awake. Campbell presses his hand to his head.
118) 3) dialog: (to Mitch) Call them!
119) 0) text: Campbell lies in bed, semi-conscious. Ibby and a DOCTOR hover over him. The doctor holds a small rubber toy in the shape of a martian.
119) 3) dialog: Bullshit.
146) 0) text: Ibby's in an F.B.I. van that screams through the streets.
147) 0) text: Three helicopters sit, blades already angrily chopping the air. Dozens of other AGENTS and PILOTS run here and there. After a moment, Ibby's F.B.I. van arrives and screeches to a halt. Ibby jumps out and runs toward one of the helicopters. Before he's even belted in, Hollis’ sedan roars around a corner and races toward them.
153) 0) text: Moving low and fast over a desolate expanse of highway... the faint glow of city lights in the distance. Behind the COMMAND PILOT we see Ibby and the OTHERS gazing soberly toward their destination.
163) 0) text: Ibby, Hollis, and Mitch (now dressed in riot gear) approach the building.
168) 0) text: Ibby, Mitch, and Hollis enter the building.
173) 0) text: Hollis, Ibby, and Mitch rush towards the room. They push their way past the other cops and look in. The room is ablaze and filled with smoke.