70) 3) dialog: Sir, spare some change? Cutting to her POV reveals that Griffin is the passerby. He doesn't answer but he stops.
70) 4) dialog: Spare some change, mister?
70) 6) dialog: (very girlish) Spanging. Spare changing.
70) 8) dialog: Yeah, right. And I can buy the fuckin station wagons full of screaming kids? Fuck that very much. The revolution's coming. You wait.
70) 10) dialog: Yeah, whatever. So can you spare 'some change or what?
70) 14) dialog: There's no music.
70) 16) dialog: (giggling) You better give me some money.
70) 18) dialog: I can't. I can't. Just give me some money.
76) 1) text: The daytime ANCHORWOMAN addresses the camera. Jessica's picture is on the screen above her shoulder.
77) 0) text: Jessica sits in the doorway of a condemned building chatting with a young KID with a skateboard about her age.
79) 0) text: Close on a stack of newspapers next to a sidewalk newsstand. Jessica's face is on the cover. Pull back and track down the street a few dozen feet and reveal Jessica panhandling in her usual spot. No one even looks at her.
79) 1) dialog: Dad! It's me, don't you recognize me? I had the plastic surg- (the guy keeps walking) -Hey, man, can I bum a smoke? (a second guy shakes his head) Then how bout a few bucks for a pack? (he keeps walking) Hi! Spare some change, I'm-
82) 0) text: Campbell peruses the photo one last time with the magnifying glass. He stops and holds his view for a beat on a black mesh trash receptor of the same black and chrome design as the chair Jessica sits in. Ibby rushes into the office. Everyone looks up.
86) 0) text: Jessica's face is plastered across 40 television screens at Circuit City. The nighttime ANCHORMAN'S VOICE booms through the store.
87) 0) text: A YOUNG COP shows the STAFF behind the counter a picture of Jessica.
88) 0) text: Another COP shows a picture of Jessica.
91) 0) text: It's now quite dark as dozens of uniformed POLICEMEN roam the area, passing out hundreds of black and white fliers with Jessica's picture on them. Most people don't even want to take the fliers.
92) 0) text: Most of the interior walls have been torn down on the top floor of this abandoned, turn-of-the century office tower leaving a wide-open space that makes for a great moonlit playground for Jessica and her skater friend. He stands on his skateboard holding her hands as she runs, pulling him in and out of the support beams slalom style.
94) 0) text: Campbell walks out into the night air, unsure what his next move should be. He watches a couple uniformed COPS passing out fliers with Jessica's picture on them. Several PEOPLE don't even look at the fliers, simply shaking their heads as they pass. A BUSINESSMAN brushes off one of the COPS with a shrug. Campbell loses it, running wildly up to the cop and grabbing his fliers and chasing down the businessman, and spinning him around roughly.
96) 0) text: Jessica and the skater sit huddled together around a fire that they've built from scraps of cardboard and sheet rock. A small cheap jambox plays a BAUHAUS song.
96) 2) dialog: Can I go with you? Can I sneak in your room?
98) 0) text: Jessica lies quietly, alone in front of the dying fire, huddled in a dirty sleeping bag to ward off the cold. Reverse to what would be Jessica's POV if she turned around and we see a figure silhouetted against the Chicago skyline.
99) 0) text: Jessica sits by the fire. Her face tightens as she senses someone behind her but she doesn't turn around. The figure approaches the firelight revealing that it is in fact Griffin. Though she is clearly nervous, she tries not to let it show.
99) 1) dialog: Hi.
99) 3) dialog: Bauhaus.
99) 5) dialog: No way. You know it? Here, let me turn it up. She sits up and adjusts the volume, casually picking up the jambox in the process and then SMACKING it into Griffin's face. She stands up and sprints through the darkness.
100) 1) text: Griffin now runs through the darkness in the direction Jessica had gone. She makes it across the top floor and to the stairwell.
104) 0) text: Jessica has managed to crawl from office space to office space, apparently unseen by Griffin. Several times she has to make the horrifying leap from behind one wall to another exposing herself briefly in the moonlight as she inches her way toward the other stairwell.
106) 0) text: Campbell, Hollis and the kid burst through the stairwell and onto the seventh floor (where we last saw Jessica). A shadow passes the light ahead. Campbell stops short and puts a hand on the kid's chest. Hollis immediately pulls the boy back into the stairwell. Campbell moves quickly, gun drawn, down the main corridor toward the direction he saw the shadow. He fires FIVE SHOTS instinctively as Griffin leaps from the darkness and into the stairwell.
114) 0) text: A DOZEN or so COPS and FEDS work the crime scene. Campbell crouches next to Jessica's bloody body, her face etched with death. He looks into her eyes for a long moment then lowers his head in a gesture that suggests a very deep surrender.