15) 0) text: JOEL CAMPBELL (late 30s, weary, scraggy, full beard, baggy chords, a baseball cap) sits across from his psychiatrist POLLY BEILMAN (37, attractive, poised).
15) 2) dialog: Do you blame yourself for the killings?
21) 1) dialog: Why the morning?
27) 3) dialog: (snapping out of it) No, no. Don't be sorry. This is important for you, it's just difficult sometimes.
27) 5) dialog: (still composing herself) Yeah. I guess so. Okay, so I'll see you next week.
50) 0) text: Campbell, looking more and more haggard and distraught each time we see him, sits across from Polly in her posh office.
50) 3) dialog: You're simply afraid-
50) 5) dialog: You're simply afraid that you'll make another bad judgment that you won't forgive yourself for and you're avoid-
50) 7) dialog: Then why do you come here? What's the point of these sessions? Are you trying to get well so you can get out on the golf course next spring?
50) 9) dialog: (thinks for a beat) Yes. Yes I would. He stands up, unwilling to listen, and heads for the door.
50) 10) dialog: Don't walk out now. This is exactly what you want. You have to admit that. Right now is the time. He slams the door in her face. She throws her note down in exasperation.
53) 0) text: Campbell walks down the sidewalk. P OV from someone following him a few feet behind. Campbell heads toward the front door of Polly's building.
57) 0) text: Campbell sits fidgeting in a chair across from Polly.
57) 2) dialog: (she smiles) How have the headaches been?
57) 4) dialog: Are you sleeping?
57) 6) dialog: How's work?
57) 10) dialog: In other words, he missed you.
57) 12) dialog: I don't know. Did you miss him?
57) 14) dialog: Well the description you just gave could apply to you, don't you think? Campbell is taken aback, unsure if he's ready to concede her this point. After a moment, his phone rings.
65) 0) text: Polly sits at her desk talking to a patient.
65) 1) dialog: Usually, Mr. Abraham, I do an introductory session where we explore what you hope to get out of therapy. If we both feel like I'm the person to provide that for you then we'll decide on a schedule together. Cut back to reveal that it is Griffin that she's talking to. She sets the tape recorder between them. Griffin takes note of the recorder.
65) 2) dialog: I like to record my sessions. But if you prefer for me not to-
65) 4) dialog: With most. Do you prefer that I don't?
65) 6) dialog: Okay.... that's fine. She puts the recorder away.
67) 0) text: Griffin continues his session with Polly.
67) 1) dialog: You said you felt like you might need help. In what area?
67) 3) dialog: Ahhhhhhh. Well, I work with patients on many different issues-
67) 5) dialog: (trying to regain control) Mr. Abraham let's try to keep focused on you rather than me... It is clear that she does not like her newest patient.
80) 1) dialog: (from the walkman) In other words, he missed you. Just like you missed him.
80) 3) dialog: Well the description you just gave could apply to you, don't you think? Griffin smiles and pushes rewind then play again. POLLY (0.S.) (CONT’D) -description you just gave could apply to you, don't you think?
122) 3) dialog: Something tells me you wouldn't have come to me.
122) 7) dialog: When's the last time you ate? Are you allowed to eat anything besides the shit they serve here?
122) 9) dialog: How's Thai? My favorite joint is just around the corner.
131) 9) text: You know something about attractive women burning alive, don't you? Tell me, what was it like? Could you smell her flesh burning? Campbell flicks Polly's business card toward Griffin, it flutters away and lands in the grass.
135) 1) text: Hollis stands over Lisa Alexander's grave. Griffin's picnic beer bottles are still strewn about. He struggles to make sense of the scene. His first clear clue comes when he comes across a cartridge from Campbell's gun. He searches the area some more and finds Polly's bloody business card. He still has no real idea of what went on.
139) 0) text: Hollis screeches to a stop outside of Polly's office building. Two other cruisers are already parked out front, lights flashing. He jumps out of his car and approaches Mitch.
144) 1) text: Griffin's fingers slide up the inside of the door and unhook a string that runs through two pulleys before attaching to the trigger of a small "riot" shotgun which was set to go off if the door were opened. Griffin pushes Campbell inside. The warehouse/loft is about the size of a small basketball court with polished concrete floors, high ceilings, and floor to ceiling windows overlooking the river. Polly sits gagged and bound to a chair in the center of the room. The wooden chair sits in a two-inch deep pool of kerosene. The only light in the room comes from the windows and several foot-tall dinner candles which stand in the Kerosene pool. Campbell has just long enough to take in the scene before Griffin WHACKS him over the head with a heavy metal rod.
151) 6) dialog: Noooooo!
151) 9) dialog: (very tentative) I'm sorry, I don't understand the question.
151) 11) dialog: Yes. I did, though, you have... I think so. Yes.
155) 0) text: Campbell still squints against the light. White splotches cloud his vision. He watches as Griffin lightly caresses Polly's cheek and then neck.... He stands and takes several steps toward Griffin.
157) 5) dialog: Please don't do this to me.
171) 3) dialog: Shoot him! He'll kill me anyway! Campbell starts to lower the shotgun.
171) 4) dialog: 
172) 0) text: Cops and agents wheel around when they hear glass shatter and watch as Campbell and Polly soar through the air and SPLASH into the river, flames roaring out behind them. UNDERWATER CAMERA - picks up Campbell and Polly as they thump into the freezing river. Blood from Campbell's leg plums in the water. He immediately swims toward Polly who sinks like a brick. He grabs her and heads to the surface.
174) 0) text: Campbell and Polly both come up gasping for air.
174) 2) dialog: (spitting water) Yeah Yeah. I'm okay. AGGHHHH! - Polly and Campbell look up and cower as Griffin, completely ablaze, leaps from the window and plunges into the water right beside them. UNDERWATER CAMERA - as Griffin breaks the surface and the flames are immediately snuffed out. Back on the surface, Campbell and Polly desperately scan the water around them, waiting for him to resurface. On the bank, several COPS have pulled their weapons, also waiting for him to resurface. For a long moment, there is no sign of him. Campbell tries to swim toward the bank. TWO COPS dive in and help. They take Polly from him just as Campbell sees Griffin's body bob to the surface nearby, motionless. The cops fish Polly out of the water, but Campbell can't help but make sure Griffin is really dead. He swims a few feet toward the body, which is still face down. Campbell reaches tentatively for Griffin's shoulder and rolls him over revealing that his face has been horribly burned beyond recognition and that he is in fact, dead. Campbell's voice is heard.
174) 5) text: Polly and Campbell step out of the elevator. She carries her briefcase. He carries a bag of groceries.
174) 6) dialog: What's your point? They reach her door and she unlocks three dead-bolts.
175) 1) dialog: (playfully annoyed) I am not paranoid. She says as she disarms the security system.
175) 3) dialog: Okay, so I have a few issues with personal security. But I think that's pretty understandable, given the circumstances, don't you?
175) 6) dialog: Thanks, Campbell.
175) 8) dialog: Good night.
176) 0) text: Polly closes the door behind Campbell and he grins as she bolts about fifteen different locks and chains. He walks to the elevator and pushes the down button and waits. After a moment he hears the bolts and chains again. The door opens and Polly steps into the hallway.
176) 1) dialog: Actually, I thought of something else you can do for me.
176) 3) dialog: Have dinner with me. I hate eating alone.