77) 1) dialog: Watch, watch check it out. The skater tries a trick on his skateboard, busting his ass with great flare. Jessica laughs hysterically.
77) 2) dialog: (sweetly) What are you laughing at? That's the trick. You know how long it took me to learn that for you? Jessica laughs again.
92) 0) text: Most of the interior walls have been torn down on the top floor of this abandoned, turn-of-the century office tower leaving a wide-open space that makes for a great moonlit playground for Jessica and her skater friend. He stands on his skateboard holding her hands as she runs, pulling him in and out of the support beams slalom style.
96) 0) text: Jessica and the skater sit huddled together around a fire that they've built from scraps of cardboard and sheet rock. A small cheap jambox plays a BAUHAUS song.
96) 1) dialog: I have to go. I'm sorry. I'm so late.
96) 3) dialog: We can't, Jess, last time we got caught my dad went ballistic. Don't be sad, Jessie. I gotta split. He stands up to leave.
97) 0) text: Next to the building, the skater ducks a chain link fence and steps into the alley. He turns on the sidewalk and heads toward Campbell who, fifty feet away, continues to flag down passing PEDESTRIANS. The kid almost skates right by Campbell who talks to a YOUNG WOMAN, but Campbell hears the sound of wheels against the concrete and spins around. His gaze lands on the kid's board.
97) 4) dialog: Fuck you, cop. I don't know shit.
98) 2) dialog: Fucking cop! Fuck you! I didn't do shit! Fuck you! Let go. Campbell catches up, looks around to make sure no one's looking, and then open-hand slaps the shit out of the kid.
100) 0) text: The skater now leads Hollis and Campbell on a full-run back to the abandoned building. As they cross the main street near the Starbucks, Hollis radios for back up.
103) 0) text: The skater, Campbell, and Hollis sprint through traffic.
105) 0) text: Downstairs, the skater leads Campbell and Hollis under the chain-link fence and into the building.
105) 2) dialog: (breathing hard) She sleeps on the top floor.