0) 0) text: Barbara alone on a bench. She is high above the city, the view is magnificent. She watches the couples, kids playing, families.
0) 1) dialog: People have always trusted me with their secrets.
1) 0) text: Barbara writing her diary in her one bedroom, basement fl
1) 1) dialog: But who do I trust with mine? A whole shelf of hardback notebooks, her collection of diaries dating back to the 1950’s.
1) 2) dialog: You. Only you.
2) 0) text: The roar of traffic. The urban ravine of the Archway Road The red, black and gold cast-iron ‘suicide bridge’ which straddles it. Barbara driving to work in her old W Polo. EXT. ST GEORGE’S SCHOOL/CAR PARK —- MORNING The school is a bleak, Victorian building with various mo add-ons. Barbara locks her car and heads for the main entrance. INT. CLASSROOM —- MINUTES LATER Barbara takes out her lesson planner, text books, registr She organizes them neatly on her desk. Barbara stares at the rows of empty desks and chairs.
2) 1) text: The first day of a new term. Sound of PUPILS arriving outside. Barbara observes them f her high window.
3) 1) dialog: Here come the local pubescent proles. They play football, gossip, fight and skirmish. A diverse ethnic mix, about fifty percent white.
3) 2) dialog: The future shop assistants and plumbers. And doubtless the odd terrorist too. A teacher (BRIAN) oversees the general activity. SHEBA HART comes in through the main gates pushing her ta old bicycle. She looks a little lost. Brian directs her to the bike racks.
3) 4) dialog: In the old days we confiscated cigarettes and ‘wank mags’. Now it’s knives and crack cocaine. And they call it progress. The school bell rings and Sheba is whisked away in anothe direction.
4) 0) text: Barbara writes ‘Wittenberg’ on the board. Other stray phr already there: ‘Diet of worms’ ‘Martin Luther’. She’s teaching ‘The Reformation’ to a class of bored 16 y olds. The bell rings. The kids immediately snatch up their hook leave. Barbara makes a gesture - they sit back down.
4) 1) text: (under his breath) Fuckin’ poison granny. Barbara surveys her class. Another gesture: ‘you may go’.
5) 0) text: A committee meeting of around TWENTY TEACHERS chaired by Headmaster, SANDY PABBLEM. His secretary (GITA) takes notes. The staff sit in chairs a circle, Barbara amongst them. In passing we see teacher ELAINE CLIFFORD and SUE HODGE.
5) 11) dialog: You’ll find it’s quite thorough, Headmaster. The teachers look tense but one or two are secretly amuse this is vintage Barbara. Gita looks appalled. Pabblem stares at the report; it’s one paragraph long.
5) 13) text: It took me most of the summer to write it. He stares at her in impotent fury. Barbara sneaks a look at Sheba.
5) 14) dialog: Hard to read the wispy novice. Is she a sphinx or simply stupid?
6) 0) text: Sheba on playground duty, wrapped in a coat, she’s patrol amongst the children. Barbara lurks nearby.
6) 1) dialog: Artfully dishevelled today. The tweedy tramp coat is an abhorrence. It seems to say, ‘I’m just like you’. But clearly she is not. Sheba intervenes between two kids sparring for a fight.
6) 2) dialog: A fey person, I suspect. Fey. suddenly - a roar from some BOYS playing football. The go scorer, a BOY of fifteen, celebrates by whipping his shir off and waving it in jubilation - naked from the waist up
6) 3) dialog: Put your shirt on!
6) 5) dialog: Glory be. Shirt. Barbara glances at Sheba. She seems to be looking straigh her. Barbara wonders if Sheba disapproves her ticking off boy. As he runs away:
6) 6) dialog: Good goal!
7) 0) text: Barbara with her tray cating lunch.
7) 2) dialog: Even limp, little Brian had a go. Oh, the ‘ horror. Other TEACHERS, almost queuing for Sheba’s attention. :
7) 4) dialog: And Fatty Hodge has pounced on her. Barbara at a grubby canteen table - watching with a seemi benign smile. Sheba and SUE HODGE are on a bench outside, bathed in sunlight as they eat their sandwiches.
7) 5) dialog: A dubious double-act; the blonde and the pig in knickers. Sue chews like a rabbit as Sheba chortles.
8) 0) text: Barbara on a break. A few other TEACHERS dotted around. B comes in looking a little sheepish.
8) 11) dialog: Milk, no sugar.
8) 13) dialog: Evidently.
8) 19) dialog: I think you’ll find that Mrs Hart’s father was Professor Ronald Taylor. He didn’t ‘invent inflation’, he devised a theory about the relationship between inflation and consumer expectation. A silence. Brian and Elaine share a look at Barbara’s expense.
9) 0) text: The school day over. Barbara walks through the lobby. she hears loud noises from the library and goes to look. A photocopied sign on the door: HOMEWORK CLUB. Through the window she sees TWO BOYS fighting and Sheba desperately trying to separate them. OTHER KIDS encourage fighters. It’s mayhem.
9) 2) dialog: 
9) 4) text: (To the boys) Outside. Now! The two boys file out. Barbara surveys the rest of the cl A BOY has a baseball cap on. Barbara points to her head, boy removes the cap from his own.
9) 5) dialog: (To other kids) Get on with your work! Which they do, at once. And then Barbara marches out. Sheba is unsure whether she’s supposed to follow. Barbara gestures for her to come with. INT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE LIBRARY — MOMENTS LATER The boys are looking at the floor, hands in pockets.
9) 6) dialog: Why were they fighting, Mrs Hart?
9) 8) dialog: (To first boy) Davis I know - you’re a little thug, aren’t you? (To second boy) And who might you be? The second boy is STEVEN CONNOLLY (15).
9) 11) dialog: What?
9) 13) dialog: Year?
9) 17) dialog: You don’t know. One minute you’re an inert lump, the next you’re attempting to castrate a fellow pupil. Nothing cccurred between these two states?
9) 19) dialog: (cod Irish accent) Don’t be a hero, Connolly, it’s hardly da place. (pause) Yes? Brain - mouth - and speak.
9) 21) dialog: (To Davis) What did you say?
9) 23) dialog: (correcting him) ‘I didn’t say anything’. (To Connolly) What did he say? Oh, come on!
9) 27) dialog: Deputy Head in the morning. Now back in, both of you. The boys shuffle in to the library. Sheba shakes her head
9) 28) dialog: Little towers of testosterone, you'll get used to them.
9) 31) dialog: Barbara Covett. History. Barbara watches Sheba go back in. And smiles for the firs time.
9) 32) dialog: Quite a nice voice, plummy and deep. As if her mouth was pure, as if she’d never had a filling.
10) 0) text: Barbara and Sheba on playground duty. They smile at each other.
10) 1) dialog: The complexion of a white peach. One can almost see her veins. INT. SCHOOL CANTEEN — ANOTHER DAY
10) 2) dialog: Her trendy politics are similarly transparent . Barbara, Sheba and Sue in the busy lunch queue.
10) 3) dialog: We serve them best if we teach them to read, write and add. They don’t need to know about the basket weavers of Chile.
10) 6) dialog: Yes of course but one soon learns that teaching is crowd control - we’re a branch of the social services. Barbara spots a boy stealing a Kit Kat.
10) 7) dialog: (To boy) Put it back! Sheba looks mournful, Sue tries to rally her.
10) 9) dialog: The rest is just cattle prod and pray. They carry their trays to a vacant table. Barbara watches Sheba intently, she seems so defeated by it all. But her sadness is beautiful to behold... [a
10) 11) dialog: I can see why others are beguiled by her.
11) 0) text: Barbara waiting outside.
11) 1) dialog: But I wonder if she possesses the requisite heft? Sheba emerges pulling on her coat, surprised to see Barba there.
11) 2) dialog: Fancy a coffee?
11) 5) dialog: You’re leaving St George’s?
11) 7) dialog: (flatly) oh, you’re pregnant. Sue registers a moment of anti-climactic sadness.
11) 11) dialog: So you'll be taking maternity leave?
11) 13) dialog: Rest is so important.
12) 0) text: Barbara and Sheba waiting outside. Sue inside buying a ho water bottle.
12) 2) dialog: Where?
12) 4) dialog: Won't you be with your family?
12) 7) text: Barbara is almost blushing.
13) 1) dialog: Bliss! Women's wear. A SHOP ASSISTANT nods as Barbara discusses virtues of a skirt she’s interested in.
13) 2) dialog: A merry flag on the Arctic wilderness of my calendar. Shoe Department. Five different pairs for consideration. To ANOTHER SHOP ASSISTANT’s relief Barbara finally plumps a pair of black, low heelers with a strap.
14) 0) text: Barbara seemingly asleep while the GIRL washes her hair.
14) 1) dialog: One must make an effort when one receives an invitation. She half opens one eye and sees the girl making faces. Th gixl at the next sink mocks her own customer similarly. INT. BARBARA’S FLAT - EVENING Barbara walks into the bedroom in her new heels. She twir in front of the mirror, ‘catching herself’.
14) 2) dialog: The art of it is seeming not to. Barbara carefully spray starches her white blouse. INT/EXT. BARBARA’S CAR/STREET - SUNDAY Barbara cruising down the street looking for a space. Her Polo incongrucus amongst the smart cars already parked.
14) 4) dialog: T’1l ask for a small portion. She lights a cigarette. Determined to stay calm. EXT. SHEBA’S HOUSE ~- TEN MINUTES LATER Barbara walks up the front steps of a large Victorian hou She observes the front garden; a cherry tree, a rusty bik mildewed cricket bat handle impaled in the unkempt grass. She stands there, pristine in her grey skirt, white blous new black heels. She holds a bunch of flowers. She composes herself and presses the bell. No sound. She tries again. Waits. Nothing. She tries the knocker. The door is opened by a tall, slightly shaggy MAN in his fifties.
14) 5) dialog: I think I’ve come to the wrong house.
15) 1) dialog: I’m so sorry, I thought—
15) 6) dialog: Oh, what a splendid room.
15) 8) dialog: Could I have a dry sherry, please?
15) 10) dialog: Or a dry white wine?
15) 12) dialog: You must be Polly.
15) 14) dialog: I’m Barbara.
15) 15) text: Hi, Barbara. Polly’s contempt is instantaneous but she makes a vague s at concealing it. She flops into a sofa, sips her bottle of Evian.
15) 17) dialog: Excuse me?
15) 19) dialog: Oh...I have an appointment. Later. In town. (beat) Have you always lived here?
15) 30) dialog: Are you interested in wine?
15) 32) dialog: Well, I spent a portion of the summer on the Amalfi coast and I became- She's interrupted by loud thumps as someone thunders down wooden stairs.
15) 35) dialog: I'd anticipated a suave, young lawyer and two perfect poppets. Not so. She's married some crumbling patriarch - he’s nearly as old as me!
16) 0) text: Everyone sat at the big table, eating their slightly burn lasagne and salad- Barbara has a tiny portion, almost untouched. She conceal with a large lettuce leaf.
16) 1) dialog: And then there’s the daughter; a pocket princess. Polly picks at her food, uninterested.
16) 4) dialog: Oh? ...Is that when you‘re a growh up...?
16) 7) dialog: A rogue image swam through me, hubby’s pruney old mouth pursed at Sheba’s breast.
17) 1) dialog: After lunch a rather mortifying family tradition... Sheba’s quite drunk and having a ball. Richard moves to h own slower rhythm amusing the delighted Ben.
17) 2) dialog: They do things differently in bourgeois bohemia. Polly and Barbara, sour bedfellows on the sofa, both mort embarrassed. Polly offers Barbara a fag which she accepts gratefully. 0 As the music continues Barbara's expression changes: her admiration for Sheba’s enthusiasm, her love for her son, natural warmth, her beauty... As Sheba dances Barbara is almost overcome by her. Richard grooves up and encourages Polly to join in. She b him away and draws on her Marlboro Light. Now he tries to haul Barbara to her feet, she protests but he's relentles Polly - the traitor - ‘helps’ her up. Barbara stands in the centre of the room. An awkward mome as she half raises her arms for a formal dance but Richar not there to reciprocate. Ben grabs Barbara’s hand and they dance. A mobile phone rings - unheard by all except Polly. She passes it to her mother. Sheba goes out into the hallway to speak. Her conversatio seems intense, possibly furtive...
18) 0) text: Richard and Ben are playing French Cricket. The garden is large, rambling and overgrown. Barbara and Sheba head to a partially concealed SUMMER HO at the back. Sheba carries coffee and biscuits on a tray.
18) 2) dialog: Wot at ali, he’s charming. (beat) Has it been difficult?
18) 4) dialog: Surely not!
18) 8) dialog: Mmm. But I never found the time. They reach the large, bashed up Summer house.
18) 9) dialog: How wonderful.
18) 12) dialog: A room of one’s own. There’s a big stack of vinyl LP’s and 7” singles by the stereo. A large photo pinned to the wall amongst a collag other images. Sheba as a teemager with a gang of friends, exotically dressed in post punk splendour - heavy eye mak etc. Threatening, confident, sexy.
18) 13) dialog: Is this you?
18) 15) dialog: I like these. Such vibrant colours. ae 3
18) 17) dialog: Oh, I couldn’t possibly. Sheba takes a few down and hands them to her.
18) 19) dialog: I’ll treasure them. Too intense, too much - Barbara knows it. Sheba starts wrapping the plates in old newspaper. Barbar carefully sits on a rickety chair.
18) 20) dialog: It must be exhausting, running a family and teaching as well?
18) 22) dialog: You’‘re going to be a terrific teacher.
18) 24) dialog: Children are feral, don’t let them sense your anxiety.
18) 28) dialog: She spoke of her ‘vile’ mother, her grief over the death of her father, the glory days when Richard scooped her up and then jettisoned his wife and children for what she called a ‘non stop fuckfest.’ It's a peculiar trait of the privileged: immediate, incautious intimacy. But Sheba went well beyond the tendencies of her class. She was utterly candid; a novice confessing to the mother superior. It’s getting dark outside. Richard and Ben have gone in. The atmosphere in the Summer House is intimate now, siste Sheba concludes her long speech:
18) 31) dialog: I know exactly what you mean.
19) 0) text: CLOSE: A gold star on a page of Barbara’s diary-
19) 2) dialog: A gold star day! She sticks the star down with her thumb.
19) 3) dialog: I aiways knew we’d be friends. Out mutual reserve inhibited us but now it is manifest; a spiritual recognition! As she continues to write we see the strangely anodyne possessions of her life: the trinkets, the cat toys, etc.
20) 1) dialog: ‘S’ and I share the ability to see through the quotidian awfulness of things. In a different (better) age we would be ladies of leisure; lunching together, visiting galleries, travelling, putting the world to rights. Barbara sits behind Sheba who is casually twirling the ha at the back of her neck. A strand falls into Barbara’s la
20) 2) dialog: We would be companions. The strand of hair taut between her fingers.
21) 0) text: The school carol concert. The last day of term. A school band on stage doing a ‘rap’ version of ‘Hark The Herald Angels Sing’. Toasting each other, the hoods, the attitude. Sue Hodge is conducting them, gleefully. Pabblem beams. This is what his school is all about. Brian is into the groove. He wears a Tottenham Hotspur baseball cap and stuffs a mince pie in his gob. Gita fakes enjoyment — in common with many other staff_ The kids are allowed to ‘dress down’. Some are in festiv fancy dress. Some clap along. Others throw food around. Barbara sits at the end of a row. An empty seat beside he Bill tries to sit in it but Barbara says it’s reserved. She looks around for Sheba. Not here. she slips out of th room. INT. BARBARA’S CLASSROOM. Barbara goes over to the window and looks out. It’s dark outside. There’s a dim light on in the Art Studio. INT. SCHOOL CORRIDOR. Barbara heads for the exit. Christmas decorations and children’s art fill the walls. The rap music echoes down the empty corridor. EXT. PLAYGROUND. The playground in darkness. Barbara heads towards the Art Studio. The light still on. But then it goes out. Barbara waits for Sheba to emerge. But she doesn’t. Now Barbara approaches, perplexed... She hears a noise - a chair scraping back - male laughter ‘shhh’ - silence. Barbara sneaks up to a window. Standing on tip toes she c just see inside. Darkness. Footsteps. A murmur... And then...a match...a tiny flare of light. And then an orange glow - a cigarette. Still she can’t see properly, her eyes beginning to adjus She can make out Sheba’s desk now... and Sheba sitting on her chair at the desk... er shirt undone to the waist... Barbara holds her breath. alo ot Sheba’s mouth - she’s saying something... And now the orange glow comes back into view. She sees a white shirt. A man holding a cigarette. Sheba gesturing - something to do with the cigarette... The man stands in front of Sheba. A playful exchange of words. He puts the cigarette out. Sheba nods and then undoes his zip. Pulls him towards her Barbara watching as Sheba gives head. The man comes quickly. Sheba’s hand on his mouth, silenci him. Barbara’s hand on her own mouth. Distant applause and stamping. The carol concert’s finish The lovers hear the applause. They kiss passionately. Sheba buttons her shirt. He goes to the door and slips ou Barbara edges round the building to see him...it’s that b fifteen year old - STEVEN CONNOLLY. Barbara grips the wall for support. Steven heads towards the school gates pulling his coat on lugging his school bag over his shoulder. The Art Studio lights flash on. Barbara turns back, sees Sheba picking something from the floor - a fag butt. She wraps it in paper and pockets it. CHILDREN and STAFF start streaming out the school doors. Barbara alone for a moment before she’s engulfed.
22) 0) text: Barbara sat in her armchair, still in shock. Thinking.
22) 2) dialog: It’s Barbara. I need to talk to you about Steven Connolly. Sheba freezes. The best she can do:
23) 0) text: A thin smile from Barbara.
23) 1) dialog: Let’s not, shall we? I’m afraid I’ve learnt of your ‘activities’. Sheba - horrified - before she can respond:
23) 2) dialog: Doubtless you're aware you could go to jail. I’m driving to Eastbourne tonight, I’m spending Christmas with my sister. I’1l be with you at five. Barbara puts the phone down. Silence. Then, a strange CROAK. Her cat, Portia, has vomited at he feet. EXT. SHEBA’S HOUSE - EARLY EVENING Before Barbara can knock Sheba comes out in her coat.
23) 4) dialog: I brought you this, for all of you. a Barbara hands her a bottle of sherry. Sheba looks at. it it’s a bomb, then deposits it inside the door.
24) 0) text: They walk in silence. Sheba sick with fear. Barbara has t double her pace to keep up. They arrive at the pub. It’s festooned with festive cheer couple of drunks barge past them singing carols. Barbara gestures to a wooden table with benches, chained the wall outside - quieter.
25) 0) text: Sheba and Barbara sat with their drinks - a dry sherry an hefty scotch. Barbara lights a cigarette. Sheba is shakin with fear (and cold). ‘SHEBA So...when...when will you tell them? Barbara is inscrutable, relishing her power.
25) 1) dialog: I need to know the circumstances. You must inform me of everything. Sheba takes a slug of her drink, her only option to compl
25) 4) dialog: No, I gave him a slight ticking off. Sheba gives Steven a little smile-
25) 5) text: Be dedicated his goal to me. It was just a sweet thing, it amused me. Steven runs off past Barbara who tells him to put his shi back on. But Sheba continues to gaze at the boy - his smooth skin, hips, his muscles moving as he pulls the shirt over his h
28) 0) text: Sheba and Barbara at their table. Barbara looks steely-
28) 1) dialog: You’d found your ‘gem’ as Sue would say? SHEBA . I said I’d teach him after school, but only if he felt like it. It’s our job, isn’t it?
28) 2) dialog: Within specified hours and a specified curriculum.
28) 4) dialog: But you must’ve suspected his motives?
29) 13) dialog: That’s when you should've stopped it.
31) 20) dialog: The boy is fifteen!
31) 22) dialog: ‘But’ is not a helpful word here! He’s a minor and you’ve broken the law. Sheba nods, chastened, Pupil to teacher.
32) 7) dialog: Why Sue? Sheba gulps her scotch, feeling the cold.
33) 0) text: Barbara stubs another cigarette out, she’s realized something.
33) 1) dialog: The day we met, it had already begun? INT. SCHOOL CORRIDOR —- (FLASHBACK) The ‘Homework Club’ day. Steven and Davis getting a dress down from Barbara as Sheba watches.
33) 3) dialog: you had further relations that day?
34) 2) dialog: Well, I’m glad I was such an aphrodisiac. I was trying to help you.
34) 4) dialog: (quietly) Not reciprocated it seems. Sheba suddenly sees that Barbara’s anger is personal ~— a potentially explosive. She proceeds carefully...
34) 7) dialog: And then I realized my fury had blinded me...
34) 10) dialog: There was a magnificent opportunity here... INT. PUB -— MOMENTS LATER Sheba at the bax, Barbara at a table. Yo 43
34) 11) dialog: With stealth I might secure the prize, long texm, forever in my debt... Sheba heads back to Barbara carrying the new drinks.
34) 12) dialog: I could gain everything. By doing... nothing. Sheba sits, fraught with anxiety. Barbara lights a cigare
34) 14) dialog: I think you’ve misunderstood me. (beat) I'm your friend. We’re friends.
34) 16) dialog: Oh, you poor thing, have you got yourself ina terrible state? I’m not going to report you. I only want to help you, to support you through this. She gives Sheba a tender squeeze on the hand.
34) 19) dialog: Who would it benefit? Not you nor the boy and certainly not the school. No. It’s a private matter and we must keep it so0-
34) 21) text: No, no, no! That might alert suspicion. You must stay at the school but the affair has to end. (Sheba nods) Immediately. Your solemn promise. I can’t help you unless you promise. Sheba realizes that Barbara means it literally.
34) 23) dialog: Will it be difficult? Sheba stares into her glass.
34) 25) dialog: You’re not in love? Sheba looks up, an innocent. She gives a slight nod. Barb tries not to react but is clearly shocked.
34) 28) dialog: I wouldn’t though. They manage to share a grim smile. BARBARA . But isn’t it..-just a physical thing, mainly?
34) 31) dialog: I think you just have.
34) 34) dialog: Well, I’ve read quite a bit of D.H.Lawrence.
35) 0) text: Barbara and Sheba walking.
35) 1) dialog: I played the maiden aunt but I’m well aware of the proclivities of the fifteen year old male. Even I have been the subject of their graffitied yearnings in the school toilets. By law they are children, but their grim, pungent urges are entirely adult... They arrive at Barbara’s car.
35) 2) dialog: So you'll tell him straight after Christmas? Sheba nods, determinedly.
35) 3) dialog: All for the best.
35) 5) dialog: And you’ll tell me when it’s done?
35) 8) dialog: Standard issue for spinsters. (frowns ) She’s been off her food recently, I’m a bit worried about her...
35) 9) text: There’s a terrific vet up the read, he was great with Ben’s rabbit. Barbara lingers, relishing this time with Sheba.
35) 10) dialog: Have you got many people coming tomorrow?
35) 12) dialog: And your mother?
35) 14) dialog: Well, Happy Christmas.
35) 16) dialog: Courage mon brave! Barbara gets in her car.
35) 17) dialog: And bon voyage to her little leprechaun. Barbara drives off as Sheba heads back to her house.
35) 18) dialog: Sheba and I share a deep understanding now. INT. SHEBA’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Sheba composes herself in the hall and then goes into the sitting room.
35) 19) dialog: No one can violate our magnificent complicity. Richard is wrapping a present. He turns with the ineptly wrapped package, taunts her with it. Ylo
36) 0) text: A huge ornate room packed with the elderly, the infirm an their families. A smali band playing on a raised area. Barbara surveys the room: an old man spilling his soup, a old woman tottering in on her crutches, an elderly couple struggling to pull their cracker. She's mid~lunch with her family: her sister, MARJORIE, wi husband, DAVE, also their daughter LORRAINE and her husba MARTIN. They all wear paper hats, Barbara is deep in thought, ruminating on Sheba...
36) 1) dialog: Her fetish for the boy was simply her snobbery manifested; ‘he’s working class and he likes Art’. Bs if he were a monkey who’d just strolled out of the rain forest and asked for a gin and tonic. eee a She straightens her paper crown, oblivious to everything.
36) 4) dialog: (confused) Who?
36) 6) dialog: Oh...yes. She left the school, she’s teaching at a Primary in Stoke. There’s a chap apparently. I heard they’re engaged. Lorraine and Martin stifle a giggle but Barbara’s seen it She bides her time...
36) 7) dialog: How's your eczema, Martin? He shakes his head, a sad look in his eyes.
36) 10) dialog: It must be so distressing - for both of you. Marjorie squeezes her son in law’s crusty hand.
36) 12) dialog: Fingers crossed for a Christmas miracle.
38) 2) dialog: I long to phone ’S’ but it’s late. INT. SPARE ROOM, MARJORIE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Barbara at a little dressing table writing her journal.
38) 3) dialog: Poor girl, all alone with her awful family. Above her a framed silkscreen print of ‘The Last Supper’. Portia lies on the bed, whimpering a little.
38) 4) dialog: Our lives are acutely similar in so many respects. A knock at the door. Barbara annoyed at the interruption.
38) 8) dialog: It’s just...I’m rather busy at the moment.
38) 11) dialog: I don’t know what you mean.
38) 14) dialog: To you too. Marjorie goes. Barbara reflects, a stab of regret.
39) 0) text: Sheba and Steven, half dressed, fucking like horny rabbit ot sate nim se They lie in each others arms. Steven toys with the 'S’ necklace, happy she’s wearing it. INT. PIZZA EXPRESS — DAY Barbara and Sheba with menus. Barbara glances over hers, catches Sheba’s eye.
39) 1) dialog: Are we ladies who lunch?
39) 4) dialog: Thank you! Shall I open it?
39) 6) dialog: Oh my word, Asprey. She takes out a sterling silver photo frame engraved with name ‘Portia’. Barbara can barely speak, just nods in gratitude.
39) 8) dialog: You‘re the most wonderful friend.
40) 24) dialog: Oh, yes. She has. Thank you. She strokes Portia as the vet continues to talk. INT. SHEBA’S KITCHEN — LATER Barbara sat at the table, tears in her eyes. Sheba plies with scotch.
40) 26) dialog: Where’s Richard? I don’t want to disturb your weekend.
40) 29) dialog: He says it’s a matter of weeks... She’s recovering now, embarrassed by her tears.
40) 30) dialog: Oh, she’s only a pet.
40) 32) dialog: One does get so attached. Barbara dries her eyes with a tissue.
40) 33) dialog: I should leave you in peace... Not what Barbara wants but Sheba stands to facilitate it.
40) 35) dialog: I like that top. It suits you.
40) 37) dialog: When I was at school, if one of some bad news or was feeling a b used to stroke each other. One o lingers. She as had had it down...we f us would do one arm and someone else the other. --it’s the most wonderful sensation. Did y your school? Sheba shakes her head.
40) 38) dialog: It’s incredibly relaxing. For thi the receiver... Barbara approaches. Sheba’s arms are crossed. un-crosses them, holds her hands...
40) 39) dialog: Close your eyes. (Sheba frowns) Please. It docen’t work if you d do that at le giver and Barbara gently jon.’ t - Sheba closes her eyes, knowing this is ‘the deal’.
40) 40) text: Barbara holds Sheba’s hands in hers and then stretches o her arms, palms upwards.
40) 41) dialog: Good. Barbara begins to gently run her fingertips along Sheba’s bare forearms. Up and down. Sheba is in a silent rictus of embarrassment. Barbara continues. All the while gazing at Sheba’s face, breasts beneath the tight t-shirt, her arms...
40) 42) dialog: There's a good girl. Sheba opens her eyes, tries to remain polite...
40) 44) dialog: Close your eyes.
40) 46) dialog: There's someone in your garden! She points through the French windows. Sheba turns. At th foot of the garden a FIGURE jumps down from the back wall slips into the Summer House.
40) 47) dialog: A thief - he came over the wall!
41) 0) text: Barbara’s heading for her car, Sheba catches up.
41) 2) dialog: I risked everything for you and in return you humiliate me.
41) 5) dialog: (witheringly) You’re ‘in love’?
41) 8) dialog: And the child? Do you imagine he reciprocates your soppy ‘feelings’? Oh I dare say he’s fascinated by the neurotic compulsions of a middle class lady with marital problems!
41) 10) dialog: There’s nothing crueller than the adolescent boy, I know them! Once he’s had his fill he’ll discard you like an old rag -
41) 12) dialog: - and revert to rutting with schoolgirls. YOU
41) 14) dialog: End it now.
41) 16) dialog: Don’t think - DO! Do! DO! bo! (beat) Or shall I sit here polishing my nails until your husband returns?
41) 18) dialog: So what are you waiting for? 6 Barbara gets in her car and drives off.
42) 29) dialog: As Ma would’ve said, ‘the boy done her like a kipper’ .
43) 0) text: Barbara in her dressing gown, writing her journal.
43) 1) dialog: She has nowhere to turn but trusty old Ba. The silver Asprey frame has pride of place on her mantelpiece. A photo of Portia inside it.
44) 1) dialog: She mopes and mourns for her pubescent paramour - often at punishing length. INT. SCHOOL — DAY First day of the new term. Barbara watching as Sheba come the main entrance.
44) 2) dialog: But she knows my interventions have saved her life and she is sweetly grateful.
45) 1) dialog: Her betrayal hurt me more than I dare show. Barbara sat in her chair, Sheba comes in. They smile at e other.
46) 1) dialog: She’s worth it, thie one. She's the one I’ve waited for...
47) 0) text: Barbara patrols the desks.
47) 1) dialog: At last she’s beginning to understand that her dalliance with Master Connolly was a consequence of her dead marriage. She arrives at Steven’s desk. He keeps writing.
48) 0) text: An outing. Barbara walking with Sheba.
48) 1) dialog: It‘s a sham - fuelled only by the memory of former glories. Richard and Ben are behind them looking at the aeroplanes
49) 0) text: Sheba and Barbara sitting with their trays, talking.
49) 1) dialog: Whereas we are going through the fire, forging our friendship with a stronger bond each day.
50) 0) text: Barbara at her high window, watching Sheba lock up her bicycle far below. 68
51) 0) text: Barbara approaches and sees Sheba inside.
51) 1) dialog: We are silently and stealthily negotiating the terms...of a life lived together. Sheba sees Barbara and nods amiably. INT. SHEBA’S KITCHEN — DAY Sunday lunch. Barbara at the head of the table, making th family laugh with some anecdote.
51) 2) dialog: Now more than ever we are bound by the secrets we share. Ben snorts as Barbara makes a funny face.
51) 3) dialog: I’m invited to drop in on them this summer. At their house in the Dordogne. I might just do that... INT. BARBARA’S BEDROOM — NIGHT Barbara sat up in bed, writing.
51) 4) dialog: Though no rush. We’ll have plenty of time a deux once she's left her family...
52) 0) text: Barbara and Sheba on the bench seen at the beginning. The share sandwiches.
52) 1) dialog: Do try the prawn, it's delicious. Raxrbara munches contentedly-
52) 5) dialog: Oh, just a friend. Jennifer. This was our haunt. Sheba conceals her discomfort.
52) 6) dialog: We were quite chummy for a while. But...the poor thing suffered from this terrible depression. I tried to help but she rather unravelled. She became alarmingly. ..deluded.
52) 8) dialog: No, she got a job in Stoke. Sheba thinks, putting it all together...
52) 10) dialog: Last summer. I did what I could but she was too far gone. Even so I feel I should’ve done more...
52) 12) dialog: One conceals it of course. She turns to Sheba, vulnerable.
52) 13) dialog: People languish for years with partners who are clearly from another planet.
52) 16) dialog: We so want to believe we’ve found our ‘other’. One needs courage to recognize the real as opposed to the convenient.
52) 18) dialog: When I was young I had such a vision of myself. I dreamt I’d be someone to be reckoned with. You know, in...in the world. (beat) But one learns one’s scale. Sheba squeezes Barbara’s hand. Barbara responds gratefull
52) 19) dialog: I’ve such a...dread...of ending my days alone.
52) 21) dialog: Though recently, I've allowed myself to imagine I might not be...am I wrong?
53) 0) text: Barbara comes out of the vets. A zombie on the busy stree Then she remembers - Sheba lives nearby. She starts to hu almost pushing people out of the way as she rushes to her friend. EXT. SHEBA’S STREET - MINUTES LATER Barbara panting for breath, a broken woman desperately needing comfort. She hurries towards Sheba’s house. Suddenly ~ the Hart’s car comes out their driveway nearly knocking her over. Richard is at the wheel, he parks up, car skewed on the road, engine running... Ben and Polly are in the back. Barbara sees Polly groanin comically, mockingly - and Ben (who holds his wizard hat) laughing at his sister’s antics. Sheba is shushing them. Sheba sees Barbara is in great distress, says something t Richard and gets out the car. Barbara falls into her arms, sobbing.
53) 2) dialog: I have to go back to the vets...after it’s done...will you come with me? I just can’t on my own...
53) 4) dialog: A play?? Tp
53) 6) dialog: Someone has died!
53) 8) dialog: You owe me this. Richard revs the engine, Sheba turns, impossibly pulled i both directions. Richard’s face - ‘We have to go’. Ben looks anxiously from the car. Meanwhile, Barbara’s on turn, Sheba pleads:
53) 10) dialog: That's your choice is it? SHEBA. Look -— why - why don’t you come? You’re very welcome... Barbara doesn’t hear it.
53) 11) dialog: I thought you understood what friendship means .
53) 14) dialog: Don’t play the good mother with me. Barbara cyes the car — a threat. But now Richard leaps ou and shouts across the bonnet.
53) 16) dialog: (coolly) Oh, I can explain perfectly. Would you like me to?
53) 19) dialog: (fixes him) I don’t like your tone.
53) 25) dialog: Oh - oh ~ so I’m to be handled am I? Like toxic waste. So you see me on sufferance? I’m an imposition, to be tolerated! Emergency! Sheba hugs Barbara. +f
53) 27) dialog: Then stay with me.
53) 29) dialog: Think very carefully, madam. Be aware of the consequences. The car starts pulling away from the kerb, slowly making way up the road.
53) 31) dialog: I need you to stay. I don’t know what 1/11 do... A herculean honk of the horn - and now Sheba runs for it.
53) 33) dialog: They always let you down in the end... EXT. BARBARA'S GARDEN — LATER Barbara digging a hole in the ground with a small trowel. She’s exhausted from the effort, has been sobbing for the last hour. Her hands and arms are covered in soil.
53) 34) dialog: Jennifer said I was ‘too intense’. Meaning what exactly? Barbara buries Portia’s body tightly wrapped in a blanket
53) 36) dialog: That I will go to the ends of the earth for someone I admire? She treads the earth down. INT. BEN’S SCHOOL - SAME TIME Ben’s little ‘play’. Audience of parents and relatives watching their kids. Richard videos it. Ben comes on in his wizard hat, waving a wand. Applause a laughter. Sheba is powerfully moved. Polly holds her hand
54) 0) text: It’s getting dark outside. Barbara sat in her chair. She’s still wearing her ‘gardening’ clothes. Dried mud on face and arms. She’s immobile, a statue in grief. The door bell rings. She goes down the corridor - hoping Sheba come to apologize. She opens the door.
54) 3) dialog: Ah... She looks at him, feels sure he knows something...
54) 5) dialog: Tea? ee a ~
54) 9) dialog: Would you like me to take your hat? He removes his Tottenham Hotspur hat and scarf.
54) 11) dialog: Were you victorious?
54) 13) dialog: My father supported Charlton Athletic. it mever seemed to give him any pleasure. Barbara prepares the tea.
54) 15) dialog: She's dead. Brian eyes the mud on her face and arms.
54) 18) dialog: Mrs Hart.
54) 20) dialog: Anything you tell me will be in strictest confidence. He nods, gratefully.
54) 23) dialog: Let me think... She puts her fingers to her temples, a little theatricall
54) 24) dialog: No. Never. (beat) Actually - yes! She mentioned you’d invested in a new shirt. I think it was last term.
54) 26) dialog: Brian, are you in love?
54) 28) dialog: You’ve been utterly clandestine. He senses she’s mocking him but can’t be sure. 48
54) 30) dialog: You do know she’s married?
54) 32) dialog: Indeed you don’t.
54) 34) dialog: It’s a minefield.
54) 36) dialog: You’d like me to ask Mrs Hart if she’s inclined to commit adultery with you? He looks at her - could not be more exposed. But she’s ha her fun and is tired of toying with him. To business:
54) 37) dialog: I don’t want you te suffer more than is necessary. No one should. I couldn’t possibly speak for Mrs Hart but instinct tells me you Might not be her type. Brian nods, crestfallen. Then thinks...
54) 39) dialog: It’s no reflection on your attractiveness. But I get the impression her preference is for...the younger man. Surprisingly young. (pause) Boys, I’m told. Brian absorbs the information.
54) 42) dialog: I think the kettle’s boiled. INT. BEN’S BEDROOM —- THAT NIGHT Sheba tucking Ben in. His wizard’s hat sits on a bed post She brushes his hair from his face.
54) 43) dialog: You say the words and it’s done. Easy. Sheba kisses Ben good-night and turns out the light. INT. BARBARA’S FLAT - SAME TIME Barbara picking at her dinner in front of the TV, vaguely watching the lottery show.
54) 44) dialog: Judas had the grace to hang himself. She goes to the kitchen, scrapes her scraps into the bin.
54) 45) dialog: But only according to Matthew - the most sentimental of the apostles. 90 INT. POLLY’S ROOM ~ LATER THAT NIGHT Sheba tidying. She finds a pair of boxer shorts belonging Polly’s boyfriend.
54) 46) dialog: Is this the last night of her old life? Polly stands in the doorway having had a bath. Sheba hold the shorts, quizzically. Polly smiles. INT. RICHARD’S STUDY - LATER Richard hard at work. Sheba removes a finished mug of cof and sets down a new one. He strokes her hand.
54) 47) dialog: I wonder how long my messenger will take?
55) 0) text: Barbara in the bath.
55) 1) dialog: People like Sheba think they know what it is to be lonely. But of the drip drip of long- haul, no-end-in-sight solitude they know nothing. She draws on her cigarette.
55) 2) dialog: What it’s like to construct an entire weekend around a visit to the launderette. Or to be so chronically untouched that the accidental brush of a bus conductor’s hand sends a jolt of longing straight to your groin.
55) 4) dialog: Of this, Sheba and her like have no clue. INT. BARBARA’S BEDROOM/SITTING ROOM - SAME TIME Barbara in bed. The phone is ringing but she doesn’t move The ansafone beeps and Sheba leaves her message.
55) 10) dialog: No, thank you. The woman has now established that the bell makes no soun She starts to bang on the door. Richard looks at Sheba — ‘who's that?’ Sheba shrugs ‘dunno’. sx en et te Richard opens the door. A big Irish voice, full volume:
56) 0) text: Barbara sat on the stairs with a partial view of the sitt room - where Richard and Sheba are in meltdown.
56) 1) dialog: By the time I took my seat in the Gods, the opera was well into its final act...
57) 0) text: Between lessons, Barbara passes Brian as they head in opposite directions. EXT. SHEBA’S HOUSE - DAY Two POLICE OFFICERS waik Sheba to their waiting car. Rich stands in the background. INT. BARBARA’S BEDROOM ~ NIGHT Barbara lies in bed, in the dark.
57) 1) dialog: My guilt is tempered with relief. She assumes the boy cracked and told his mother all. Who am I to disabuse her?
58) 0) text: Barbara spots Brian coming in. As he strides away down th corridor.
58) 1) dialog: Brian, do stop a moment, please...
58) 5) dialog: I’ve told you, had I known anything I’d have informed you immediately. My only loyalty is to the school! Pabblem at his desk, doesn’t believe a word of it. He stares at
58) 7) dialog: Brian ‘thinks‘?!
58) 9) dialog: Will you be running through the entire staff room?
58) 11) dialog: I didn’t so I haven’t. Your point? her, has wanted to do this for years.
58) 14) dialog: I’ve got an idea; your school, your disaster - why don’t you resign?
58) 17) dialog: I think you’ll find that a friendship between consenting adults is perfectly legal - even under your regime. My record here is beyond reproach, the majority of the staff regard me as their moral guardian. Pabblem quails at the outrageousness of the woman. Barbar tries to open the door but he stops it, eyeballs her.
58) 19) text: Barbara reacts. He gently closes the door, stares at her, penetrating.
58) 21) dialog: Jennifer became unwell, that’s why she left the school.
58) 23) dialog: She’s an hysteric.
58) 25) dialog: Nonsense! He dashes to his desk and brandishes a piece of paper.
59) 0) text: Barbara vomiting. Above her head, amongst the graffiti: Mad Babs Covett = n old lezza Someone else has scrawled: i wanna lick her mangy twat!!!
60) 0) text: fea break. Staff buzz around, agog with the ’Covett sacki rumour’. Barbara comes in. A pause as people see her. Sue Hodge - big as a barn - stares at her defiantly from Barbara’s own chair. Elaine Clifford serves her tea while other teachers fuss around her. Barbara hurries out the room. EXT/INT. BARBARA’S STREET/FLAT —- LATE AFTER-NOON Barbara gets out her car and approaches home. Shattered. There’s a FIGURE on the other side of the road. He emerge from behind a car - sees her. They lock eyes. It’s STEVEN looks ravaged with exhaustion and the stress of it all. He comes up to her, close. Barbara bustles past him and h follows, impassive, it scares her. She rushes down the stairs to her door, fumbling for the He follows after. Just as he comes tearing down the stair she manages to get in and slam the door. He bangs at the window in fury. Inside - Barbara clutches herself in fear and shame. Junk mail littered at her feet. She listens...relieved to hear the sound of his footsteps her stone stairs.
61) 0) text: Barbara in her armchair, curtains drawn. Still and silent
61) 1) dialog: Is that why she’s not returned my calls?
62) 0) text: Barbara removing her make up. Slow, meticulous, distant. stares at herself, consumed with self-loathing. She opens her mirrored cabinet. Tucked in the corner ther a bottle of paracetemol. She focuses on it.
62) 1) dialog: Is this the shape of it? ‘Ex~teacher takes life in basement flat’. And then the phone rings... EXT. SHEBA’S HOUSE - DAY PRESS have assembled on the pavement with TV cameras and PHOTOGRAPHERS - some on step ladders. TWO POLICE OFFICERS prevent them from storming the front garden. The POLICE hold them back as Barbara hurries up the path the front door where Richard lets her in.
63) 1) dialog: Barbarians! Richard nods. They stand facing each other. A weird echo their first meeting four months ago. Wp eae
63) 3) dialog: You see, the headmaster thought I knew! He’s on to her in a flash:
63) 5) dialog: No! They stare at each other. Where is she?
63) 13) dialog: Watch your tongue, young lady.
63) 15) dialog: Here you are. Barbara sits Sheba down.
64) 0) text: Richard paces in the sitting room as Barbara hovers in th hall.
64) 1) dialog: Ts Ben at school?
64) 3) dialog: Does he...know what’s happening?
65) 1) dialog: This last month has been the most delicious time of my life. Sheba asleep on the sofa bed. A bare leg exposed. Barbara an armchair, watching over her.
65) 3) dialog: But oh, what marvellous intensity it is! She carefully covers Sheba’s leg with a blanket.
66) 2) dialog: Admittedly, circumstances are not always ideal... INT. BATHROOM. Sheba on the loo, urinating. Utterly desolate. 44
66) 3) text: The swinish press, the stringent bail terms, meetings with lawyers and so on. The clutter of Sheba’s toiletries and make-up mingled wit Barbara’s.
66) 4) dialog: But all things considered we're coping admirably. In fact, gold stars abundant! Sheba steps on a tiny gold star - incongruously bright an shining - on the grubby floor.
67) 0) text: Sheba comes out the bathroom and wanders down the corrido into Barbara’s bedroom. She hitches up her t~shirt in front of the mirror, broodi posing like an adolescent.
67) 1) dialog: The cuckold permits her to see their children once a week. Under strict supervision of course. Sheba sits at the dressing table. She examines her foot. picks the gold star off. Odd...
67) 2) dialog: There are usually tears - such big, salty tears she cries - and fits of teenage tantrums too. Sheba puts on some make up, dark eye liner, red lips. She bored out of her brain.
67) 3) dialog: In time she’ll recognize she’s just not the mothering kind... Sheba stops, spots another gold star on the carpet. She p it up and flicks it into the bin.
67) 4) dialog: And then Barbara will be there to comfort her; nurse, beloved friend and wise counsel. The bin is full of fag butts, evidence of a long night’s work. Sheba sees another gold star amongst the detritus.
67) 6) dialog: At last, I am me. Sheba takes the scrap of paper from the bin. Sees Barbara handwriting on it. Sheba reads... CLOSE: the page from Barbara’s journal. Sheba reading in horror.
68) 0) text: Barbara queues at the checkout, chatting with her fellow shoppers. No longer one of the lonely - a woman of purpos INT. BARBARA’S BEDROOM Sheba searches drawers, under the bed, in cupboards, turn out the laundry basket - until finally...in the bottom of little drawer beneath the mirror she finds the journal. She flicks through: Barbara’s black ink handwriting - mai neat but now and then with violent crossings out and furi mad, margin scrawlings. The gold stars charting the various ups and downs... Ibo A photo: Barbara and JENNIFER DODD in Paris, smiling at camera. Jennifer is around the same age as Sheba, a simil look. Beneath the photo Barbara has written, ‘Paris 2003 - befo the worm turned’. On another page Sheba finds a Pizza Express receipt marke ‘Ladies who lunch! !!’. And there are numerous clippings from recent newspaper reports on the scandal. On an earlier page a strand of hair is taped in. Barbara‘ handwriting: ‘A strand of her hair’. Sheba reads on with mounting horror... EXT. STREET/BARBARA’S FLAT - LATER Barbara wheeling her full shopping trolley down the stree The Press still camped outside her flat.
68) 2) dialog: Sheba. ..? The flat has been completely trashed. Furniture and cushi ripped with a carving knife, crockery smashed, books and ornaments torn from shelves. Sheba is sat on the edge of an armchair. Fully dressed no wearing her coat, her suitcase by her side. She's savage with rage - clutching the journal. Her make disturbing, eyes black with mascara, lips a violent red.
68) 4) text: Why did you do it? Because I didn’t help you collect your CAT! Sheba slaps her hard across the face. Barbara flinches bu doesn’t budge, accepting her punishment. Sheba slaps her again. Barbara stands firm, taking it, despite the pain. .
68) 5) dialog: Let it all out...
68) 7) dialog: Oh, take some responsibility! They’d have found out in the end! I’ve given you exactly what you wanted - without me you’d still be stuck in that marriage!
68) 9) dialog: You can’t accept it yet but-
68) 11) dialog: Maybe you didn’t want it to - to happen quite like this but we both know you need me, I’m your friend!
68) 14) dialog: They'll fly by! 1’11 visit every week. We have so much life to live - together!
68) 18) dialog: Don’t you know it’s rude to read a person’s diary, it’s PRIVATE! Barbara lunges for the diary but Sheba pulls it away.
68) 20) dialog: (urgently) No! I - I have only tender feelings for you - only love!
68) 22) dialog: Please don’t diminish our-
68) 24) dialog: Give it back! They tug and pull - struggling - locked together.
68) 25) dialog: I know you - born selfish and vain - think you’ve a divine right - you BIG BABY! You don’t belong in the world, YOU BELONG HERE! Sheba lets out a roar of fury right in Barbara’s face.
69) 6) dialog: Let me through you OAF - GET OUT MY WAY ~ give us some room here! She manages to hustle an almost grateful Sheba back into flat. She slams the door. INT. HALLWAY — CONTINUOUS Barbara and Sheba getting their breath. Two fighters all punched out. INT. BARBARA’S FLAT —- LATER THAT NIGHT Barbara with a big, black bin liner tidying the mess. She scoops some broken glass into the bag. Sheba at the kitchen table, still holding the journal.
69) 8) dialog: I’m sorry but you specifically said if I happened to be in France then I must drop-—
69) 10) dialog: Well...fine. (an afterthought) I won’t come then. Sheba shakes her head, ‘bonkers’. She puts on her coat.
69) 12) dialog: (softly) I need more than a friend. They look at each other. No anger, just stalemate. Sheba hands Barbara the journal and leaves. Barbara in her trashed flat. Desolate. She places the journal on an empty shelf.
70) 0) text: Bustle of people. Barbara amongst then. INT. STATIONERS. Barbara selects a new journal from the shelf. She goes to the checkout - ignoring the section where the sell the gold stars. EXT. BARBARA'S STREET. Barbara walking, her new journal in its plastic bag. She heads down the concrete stairs to her front door. INT. BARBARA’S FLAT, SITTING ROOM - DAY Barbara at. her kitchen table. The flat looks bare and bl stripped of all life. She takes out her new diary and smooths down the spine on first page. She uncaps her pen, poised to write. ‘ She thinks. Nothing to say. She sits in silence. ‘
70) 2) dialog: I knew her... [So The woman turns, Barbara is standing behind her.
70) 4) dialog: We taught at the same school.
70) 6) dialog: (thinks) ---A bit chilly. And perhaps a touch...furtive. A sort of absent person. But I didn’t know her well. (beat) May I? She sits next to the woman.
70) 8) dialog: No, no, retired. Thank goodness. The woman sips her coffee producing a little dab of froth her nose. Barbara points to it, amused. The woman shrugs, charmingly, and searches for a tissue. In an instant Barb produces one and hands it to her.
70) 10) dialog: I do love it here.
70) 12) dialog: It’s spectacular at dusk. Barbara turns to her lovely new prey.
70) 13) dialog: I’m Barbara.