0) 0) text: Barbara alone on a bench. She is high above the city, the view is magnificent. She watches the couples, kids playing, families.
16) 2) text: And finally, a somewhat tiresome court jester. Ben wolfs his food down, makin hi s i habitually. 1 g a mess which Sheba wipes up
16) 3) dialog: I’m going to be a wizard.
17) 0) text: Sheba and Ben are dancing to ‘Funky Kingston’ by Toots an the Maytals up loud on the Bang & Olufsen.
18) 0) text: Richard and Ben are playing French Cricket. The garden is large, rambling and overgrown. Barbara and Sheba head to a partially concealed SUMMER HO at the back. Sheba carries coffee and biscuits on a tray.
22) 1) text: Sheba and Ben loading the car with their shopping. Sheba humps a box of mineral water into the boot. Her mobile rings, she answers.
24) 0) text: They walk in silence. Sheba sick with fear. Barbara has t double her pace to keep up. They arrive at the pub. It’s festooned with festive cheer couple of drunks barge past them singing carols. Barbara gestures to a wooden table with benches, chained the wall outside - quieter.
35) 9) text: There’s a terrific vet up the read, he was great with Ben’s rabbit. Barbara lingers, relishing this time with Sheba.
36) 13) text: (raises his glass) And so say all of us! INT. KITCHEN, SHEBA’S HOUSE - SAME TIME In contrast: noise, hubbub and mayhem. Booze, food, mess. Round the big table: Richard, Polly, Ben. Richard's first wife MARCIA and their daughters SASKIA and CLAIRE. Sheba‘ older brother EDDIE with his WIFE and their infant BoYs. Sat next to Ben, Sheba‘s MOTHER (MRS TAYLOR) ~ a formidab woman in her sixties. Sheba gets up, gives Polly a little squeeze then fetches cream from the fridge. Her mobile beeps, a text message. She reads: ‘happyxmas m wish i woz fucking u blind rite now’ Sheba looks around - her mother is watching her. She dele the message and turns off the phone.
46) 0) text: Sheba carefully sticking a silver crescent onto Ben’s wiz at.
52) 0) text: Barbara and Sheba on the bench seen at the beginning. The share sandwiches.
53) 0) text: Barbara comes out of the vets. A zombie on the busy stree Then she remembers - Sheba lives nearby. She starts to hu almost pushing people out of the way as she rushes to her friend. EXT. SHEBA’S STREET - MINUTES LATER Barbara panting for breath, a broken woman desperately needing comfort. She hurries towards Sheba’s house. Suddenly ~ the Hart’s car comes out their driveway nearly knocking her over. Richard is at the wheel, he parks up, car skewed on the road, engine running... Ben and Polly are in the back. Barbara sees Polly groanin comically, mockingly - and Ben (who holds his wizard hat) laughing at his sister’s antics. Sheba is shushing them. Sheba sees Barbara is in great distress, says something t Richard and gets out the car. Barbara falls into her arms, sobbing.
68) 0) text: Barbara queues at the checkout, chatting with her fellow shoppers. No longer one of the lonely - a woman of purpos INT. BARBARA’S BEDROOM Sheba searches drawers, under the bed, in cupboards, turn out the laundry basket - until finally...in the bottom of little drawer beneath the mirror she finds the journal. She flicks through: Barbara’s black ink handwriting - mai neat but now and then with violent crossings out and furi mad, margin scrawlings. The gold stars charting the various ups and downs... Ibo A photo: Barbara and JENNIFER DODD in Paris, smiling at camera. Jennifer is around the same age as Sheba, a simil look. Beneath the photo Barbara has written, ‘Paris 2003 - befo the worm turned’. On another page Sheba finds a Pizza Express receipt marke ‘Ladies who lunch! !!’. And there are numerous clippings from recent newspaper reports on the scandal. On an earlier page a strand of hair is taped in. Barbara‘ handwriting: ‘A strand of her hair’. Sheba reads on with mounting horror... EXT. STREET/BARBARA’S FLAT - LATER Barbara wheeling her full shopping trolley down the stree The Press still camped outside her flat.