7) 1) text: She has certainly rippled the waters of our stagnant pond. They flock to her. She watches Brian approaching Sheba.
8) 1) dialog: I just went past the Art Studio... Barbara glances up- BRIAN . It’s bloody Lord of the Flies in there.
8) 3) dialog: (nods) Torn her posters down, full on paint fight, they're chanting, ‘get your tits out for the lads’. Girls too. It’s carnage. Barbara looks concerned, shares a shake of the head with Elaine. Bill looks up from the coffee station.
8) 5) dialog: Totally lost it. (imitates Sheba) ‘Stop it! Stop it you little fucking bastards.’
8) 18) dialog: (lying) Oh yeah, yeah, I know who you mean.
21) 0) text: The school carol concert. The last day of term. A school band on stage doing a ‘rap’ version of ‘Hark The Herald Angels Sing’. Toasting each other, the hoods, the attitude. Sue Hodge is conducting them, gleefully. Pabblem beams. This is what his school is all about. Brian is into the groove. He wears a Tottenham Hotspur baseball cap and stuffs a mince pie in his gob. Gita fakes enjoyment — in common with many other staff_ The kids are allowed to ‘dress down’. Some are in festiv fancy dress. Some clap along. Others throw food around. Barbara sits at the end of a row. An empty seat beside he Bill tries to sit in it but Barbara says it’s reserved. She looks around for Sheba. Not here. she slips out of th room. INT. BARBARA’S CLASSROOM. Barbara goes over to the window and looks out. It’s dark outside. There’s a dim light on in the Art Studio. INT. SCHOOL CORRIDOR. Barbara heads for the exit. Christmas decorations and children’s art fill the walls. The rap music echoes down the empty corridor. EXT. PLAYGROUND. The playground in darkness. Barbara heads towards the Art Studio. The light still on. But then it goes out. Barbara waits for Sheba to emerge. But she doesn’t. Now Barbara approaches, perplexed... She hears a noise - a chair scraping back - male laughter ‘shhh’ - silence. Barbara sneaks up to a window. Standing on tip toes she c just see inside. Darkness. Footsteps. A murmur... And then...a match...a tiny flare of light. And then an orange glow - a cigarette. Still she can’t see properly, her eyes beginning to adjus She can make out Sheba’s desk now... and Sheba sitting on her chair at the desk... er shirt undone to the waist... Barbara holds her breath. alo ot Sheba’s mouth - she’s saying something... And now the orange glow comes back into view. She sees a white shirt. A man holding a cigarette. Sheba gesturing - something to do with the cigarette... The man stands in front of Sheba. A playful exchange of words. He puts the cigarette out. Sheba nods and then undoes his zip. Pulls him towards her Barbara watching as Sheba gives head. The man comes quickly. Sheba’s hand on his mouth, silenci him. Barbara’s hand on her own mouth. Distant applause and stamping. The carol concert’s finish The lovers hear the applause. They kiss passionately. Sheba buttons her shirt. He goes to the door and slips ou Barbara edges round the building to see him...it’s that b fifteen year old - STEVEN CONNOLLY. Barbara grips the wall for support. Steven heads towards the school gates pulling his coat on lugging his school bag over his shoulder. The Art Studio lights flash on. Barbara turns back, sees Sheba picking something from the floor - a fag butt. She wraps it in paper and pockets it. CHILDREN and STAFF start streaming out the school doors. Barbara alone for a moment before she’s engulfed.
54) 1) dialog: Not disturbing you, am I? She shakes her head, still dazed by the day’s events.
54) 2) dialog: It’s just...I need to talk to you about Mrs Hart. Sheba.
54) 4) dialog: It’s a bit delicate. can I come in? Barbara leads him into the kitchen.
54) 6) dialog: Lovely, thanks. She fetches milk and sugar. Brian hovers.
54) 7) dialog: You haven’t got a biscuit? Barbara produces a tin and hands it to him.
54) 8) dialog: Cheers. As he munches he notices the muddy trowel on a side table
54) 10) dialog: Been up the lane. White Hart Lane. Home of the mighty Spurs.
54) 12) dialog: Three nil! Jermaine Defoe - get in there! He mock heads a ball.
54) 14) dialog: Where’s the moggy?
54) 16) dialog: Oh, dear. My condolences. Ahhh. Is this not a good time? Barbara thinks. Then, a dark glint in her eye-
54) 19) dialog: Yeah. Well...it’s just...erm...
54) 21) dialog: The thing is...I was wondering if she’s...ever mentioned me? Barbara’s eyes widen-
54) 22) dialog: Does she ever...mention me?
54) 25) dialog: Yeah, T lashed out at Nicole Farhi. The thing is...over the last few months, ever since I met her really, I’ve...
54) 27) dialog: I’ve been a bit bloody obvious, haven’t I?
54) 31) dialog: Yeah but she’s quite flirty. You never know with people, do you?
54) 33) dialog: But I wouldn’t want to make a move if I’m gonna get knocked back. What with staff politics and the Head being such a stickler -— you have to be really careful these days.
54) 35) dialog: So...would...do you think you could have a word with her? suss the lie of the land?
54) 38) dialog: She’s got a type then?
54) 41) dialog: Year Ten? She nods, distantly. Brian stares at her, slow cogs whirr his moral outrage increasing with his jealousy. Barbara turns to him now - as if none of this had been sa
57) 0) text: Between lessons, Barbara passes Brian as they head in opposite directions. EXT. SHEBA’S HOUSE - DAY Two POLICE OFFICERS waik Sheba to their waiting car. Rich stands in the background. INT. BARBARA’S BEDROOM ~ NIGHT Barbara lies in bed, in the dark.
58) 0) text: Barbara spots Brian coming in. As he strides away down th corridor.
58) 2) dialog: I don’t want to hear it. INT. BARBARA'S FLAT ~— NIGHT Barbara watching the news on TV. A report on the ‘London teacher sex scandal’.