15) 13) dialog: (shrugs) Must be. Hi.
15) 15) text: Hi, Barbara. Polly’s contempt is instantaneous but she makes a vague s at concealing it. She flops into a sofa, sips her bottle of Evian.
15) 16) dialog: Are you going somewhere?
15) 18) dialog: You’re all poshed up.
15) 20) dialog: Mum inherited it. It’s her little joke -
15) 25) dialog: He’s not really into lunch.
35) 30) dialog: Bid Daddy tell you? Sheba nods.
35) 31) dialog: Re’s gonna bin me, I know it.
35) 33) dialog: i’m fat as fuck, mum.
35) 35) dialog: ZI can’t live without him. Sheba holds her. The girl resists a little but then succu grateful for the contact. EXT. GRAND HOTEL, EASTBOURNE — CHRISTMAS DAY Establishing Shot. The sea. The promenade. The white stuccoed Regency hotel. Sounds of festive music from a jazz combo.
36) 13) text: (raises his glass) And so say all of us! INT. KITCHEN, SHEBA’S HOUSE - SAME TIME In contrast: noise, hubbub and mayhem. Booze, food, mess. Round the big table: Richard, Polly, Ben. Richard's first wife MARCIA and their daughters SASKIA and CLAIRE. Sheba‘ older brother EDDIE with his WIFE and their infant BoYs. Sat next to Ben, Sheba‘s MOTHER (MRS TAYLOR) ~ a formidab woman in her sixties. Sheba gets up, gives Polly a little squeeze then fetches cream from the fridge. Her mobile beeps, a text message. She reads: ‘happyxmas m wish i woz fucking u blind rite now’ Sheba looks around - her mother is watching her. She dele the message and turns off the phone.
38) 0) text: Sheba comes in and nearly bumps into Polly who’s heading upstairs - she’s on her mobile.
53) 0) text: Barbara comes out of the vets. A zombie on the busy stree Then she remembers - Sheba lives nearby. She starts to hu almost pushing people out of the way as she rushes to her friend. EXT. SHEBA’S STREET - MINUTES LATER Barbara panting for breath, a broken woman desperately needing comfort. She hurries towards Sheba’s house. Suddenly ~ the Hart’s car comes out their driveway nearly knocking her over. Richard is at the wheel, he parks up, car skewed on the road, engine running... Ben and Polly are in the back. Barbara sees Polly groanin comically, mockingly - and Ben (who holds his wizard hat) laughing at his sister’s antics. Sheba is shushing them. Sheba sees Barbara is in great distress, says something t Richard and gets out the car. Barbara falls into her arms, sobbing.
53) 21) dialog: Ben’s getting really stressed! I think he’s gonna blow!
55) 20) dialog: What’s happening. .? Barbara looks at Sheba who gives her a weak nod. Barbara climbs the stairs to deal with the children.
63) 7) dialog: Your boyfriend is younger than mine!
63) 9) dialog: Don’t kid yourself we’ll ever forgive you.
63) 11) dialog: The fuck is that?! What’s that?! You slept with a child! Polly storms off, then spots Barbara.
63) 14) dialog: Frigging freak! Barbara knocks on the open door. Sheba turns, relieved to her. Barbara opens her ams and they hug warmly. There, there. Barbara fishes in her bag and gives Sheba a tissue.