15) 2) dialog: That I’‘d be twenty years younger and twice as handsome. He helps her out of her coat.
15) 3) dialog: Sorry, were you out there long? The bell’s knackered. /lo He dumps her coat over the bannister. The hall is clutte with junk, boots, bicycles etc.
15) 4) dialog: Bash! A flustered Sheba pokes her head out the kitchen.
15) 7) dialog: What can I get you? We’re semi-pro drinkers here; absinthe, hooch, pick your poison.
15) 9) dialog: Erm...I might have some apricot brandy knocking around...
15) 11) dialog: Done. Have a seat. Barbara takes in the room; the look is ‘battered bourgeoi the big sofas, the bare boards, paintings, overflowing bookshelves, Sunday papers. She sits in an armchair and finds herself semi-recumbent is its hidden depth. A GIRL of 15 drifts in. She quietly observes as Barbara struggles to sit up.
15) 21) dialog: (coming in) - I only married her for the property. He carries an opened bottle of wine and glasses.
15) 22) dialog: (To Polly) Morning. He hands drinks round.
15) 23) dialog: Did Pete go? Polly nods.
15) 24) dialog: He was welcome to stay.
15) 26) dialog: (To Barbara) cheers.
15) 29) dialog: A witless Chardonnay.
15) 31) dialog: Only the drinking part. You?
15) 33) dialog: Here’s trouble... BEN runs in and leaps head first onto the sofa.
15) 34) dialog: Easy, Rocky! Easy! Ben is twelve. He has Down’s Syndrome. Barbara didn’t kno She watches Richard and his son playfully fighting with e other.
16) 6) dialog: (critic’s voice) Amongst next year’s cultural highlights I greatly look forward to Benjamin Hart in the key role of ‘The Wizard’. Indeed I find myself to be beside myself with anticipation for this doubtless auspicious stage debut. As Richard continues...
18) 0) text: Richard and Ben are playing French Cricket. The garden is large, rambling and overgrown. Barbara and Sheba head to a partially concealed SUMMER HO at the back. Sheba carries coffee and biscuits on a tray.
32) 5) dialog: Sure. I‘1l put bugalugs to bed. He tickles Ben as Sheba goes out into the Hall. a0 4 She checks herself in the mirror. Polly emerges from the kitchen talking intensely on her mobile. Sheba flinches, somehow feeling ‘caught’.
32) 44) dialog: Oh, you TART! You feckless bitch! Sheba freezes - then realizes he’s shouting at the TV. She goes into the sitting room. Richard is slobbed out on sofa, remote control perched on his belly. He raises an a in greeting.
32) 46) dialog: I’m dying! These people are killing me! I’m having a coronary right here on this sofa.
32) 48) dialog: Love one. Add a vat of scotch will you? (At TV) ANSWER THE QUESTION! It’s ‘yes’ or ‘no’ you dozy, old bastard!
32) 50) dialog: I keep flipping back. I'm in an orgy of masochism. Sheba starts making coffee. The fridge with its collage of family photos and school schedules. The clutter of family life...
35) 21) dialog: Don’t snatch! Wait ‘til tomorrow! He chucks the present under the Christmas tree.
35) 22) dialog: You’ve been gone ages.
35) 25) dialog: Still awake, madly excited, I said he could wait up for you.
35) 27) dialog: (points upstairs) ‘Depressed’. Pete phoned. They had a barney, he’s not coming tomorrow. They share a moment of parental sadness-
35) 29) dialog: Well, these older men can be very dodgy. She smiles, suddenly kisses him, passionately. Richard is slightly surprised but responds in kind. INT. POLLY’‘S BEDROOM - LATER. Polly is lying on her bed, i-Pod on, smoking. She's been crying. Sheba sits with her.
36) 13) text: (raises his glass) And so say all of us! INT. KITCHEN, SHEBA’S HOUSE - SAME TIME In contrast: noise, hubbub and mayhem. Booze, food, mess. Round the big table: Richard, Polly, Ben. Richard's first wife MARCIA and their daughters SASKIA and CLAIRE. Sheba‘ older brother EDDIE with his WIFE and their infant BoYs. Sat next to Ben, Sheba‘s MOTHER (MRS TAYLOR) ~ a formidab woman in her sixties. Sheba gets up, gives Polly a little squeeze then fetches cream from the fridge. Her mobile beeps, a text message. She reads: ‘happyxmas m wish i woz fucking u blind rite now’ Sheba looks around - her mother is watching her. She dele the message and turns off the phone.
37) 13) dialog: Bash?! They freeze. Richard’s legs appear above them at the top the outside stairs. Then a bag of rubbish.
37) 14) dialog: Bash? (To someone inside) She’s not here! Richard dumps the bag on the doorstep, groaning a bit wit drunk exhaustion.
37) 15) dialog: Oh, sod it. He goes inside closing the front door behind him.
53) 0) text: Barbara comes out of the vets. A zombie on the busy stree Then she remembers - Sheba lives nearby. She starts to hu almost pushing people out of the way as she rushes to her friend. EXT. SHEBA’S STREET - MINUTES LATER Barbara panting for breath, a broken woman desperately needing comfort. She hurries towards Sheba’s house. Suddenly ~ the Hart’s car comes out their driveway nearly knocking her over. Richard is at the wheel, he parks up, car skewed on the road, engine running... Ben and Polly are in the back. Barbara sees Polly groanin comically, mockingly - and Ben (who holds his wizard hat) laughing at his sister’s antics. Sheba is shushing them. Sheba sees Barbara is in great distress, says something t Richard and gets out the car. Barbara falls into her arms, sobbing.
53) 18) dialog: (To Barbara) My condolences. Poor, poor pussy! Now can I have my wife back please?
53) 20) dialog: (fo Sheba) Why is she always here? What fucking spell has she cast on you?! Polly pokes hex head out the car window.
53) 22) dialog: (fo Sheba) God‘s sake, woman, will you get in the bloody car!
55) 6) dialog: Actually, I write quite quickly, it’s the thinking that takes an eternity. (sighs) You're never satisfied; when I’m lecturing I long for time to write and when I’ve got it I yearn to be back with the students. From her seat Barbara has a view of the front path. She s a WOMAN in her mid-thirties jump out of a car and come storming up to the front door. Barbara watches Sheba, her last moments before the calamity...
55) 8) dialog: I’1ll have a slug, please.
55) 12) dialog: What? Whose?
55) 14) dialog: Hey, hey, excuse me! He tries to grab hold of her but she lashes out catching across the face. He exclaims in pain. Sheba comes out into the hall and Mrs Connolly lunges at kicking, punching, scratching, screaming.
55) 16) dialog: What the hell is going on! Will you just stop and calm down for one second, please! PLEASE!
56) 0) text: Barbara sat on the stairs with a partial view of the sitt room - where Richard and Sheba are in meltdown.
56) 3) dialog: Things don’t just - people make them happen. You think you’re the only one who’s ever wanted someone young? Everyone - sometimes — everyone thinks about it. But they don’t act on it, they deal with it!
56) 5) dialog: You were an adult it’s not the same! You're his teacher!
56) 7) dialog: Oh, you're so full of shit! It’s totally different, you were TWENTY!
56) 9) dialog: Of course he’s innocent - he’s FUCKING FIFTEEN! Are you INSANE?! Barbara lights another cigarette ~ a casual spectator.
56) 10) dialog: If you meant to destroy us why not do it with an adult? That’s the convention, it’s worked for centuries.
56) 12) dialog: This boy—
56) 14) dialog: why?
56) 16) dialog: Why?
56) 18) dialog: WELL FIND out! EXT. SCHOOL — DAY A Police car waits outside the gates. INT. SCHOOL CORRIDOR — DAY Gita with TWO POLICE OFFICERS, they head for Pabblem’s office, School kids pass by, curious.
63) 0) text: Richard looks bedraggled, up all night misery. She gestur outside.
63) 4) dialog: Did you?
63) 6) dialog: In her lair. He gestures outside. EXT. GARDEN - MOMENTS LATER. Barbara hurries to the summerhouse. Polly and Sheba are m xow. Barbara hides behind a bush.
64) 0) text: Richard paces in the sitting room as Barbara hovers in th hall.
64) 2) text: 1 Richard nods.
64) 4) dialog: (furiously) It’s really none of your business! Sheba comes down the stairs carrying a suitcase. Richard gives Barbara a look, ‘go’. Barbara takes the suitcase and goes out the front door. Instantly the cameras flash - and then the groans as the press see it’s not who they want. Richard faces Sheba, his back to the front door.
64) 5) dialog: I knew who you were when we met. You were young. I knew it might get tough. But I was prepared. He hoids her shoulders:
64) 6) dialog: You’re a good mother. But at times you’ve been a fucking lousy wife. Why didn’t you come to me? You could’ve told me how lonely you were. You never trusted me to help you. I’m not saying I’m so fucking fabulous but I was here. Sheba accepts it. They look at each other. Then he opens front door and stands behind it as she goes out. A HUGE FLASH OF WHITE LIGHT as she faces the CAMERAS.
69) 14) text: After a while Richard opens it. They look at each other. And then he motions her in and closes the door.