9) 10) dialog: (mumbling) Steven Connolly, Miss.
9) 12) dialog: Steven Connolly, Miss.
9) 14) dialog: Year Ten, Miss.
9) 16) dialog: Dunno, Miss.
9) 18) dialog: No, Miss.
9) 20) dialog: (reluctantly) He was saying stuff about Miss. (nods at Sheba) He was bang out of order. This is news to Sheba.
21) 0) text: The school carol concert. The last day of term. A school band on stage doing a ‘rap’ version of ‘Hark The Herald Angels Sing’. Toasting each other, the hoods, the attitude. Sue Hodge is conducting them, gleefully. Pabblem beams. This is what his school is all about. Brian is into the groove. He wears a Tottenham Hotspur baseball cap and stuffs a mince pie in his gob. Gita fakes enjoyment — in common with many other staff_ The kids are allowed to ‘dress down’. Some are in festiv fancy dress. Some clap along. Others throw food around. Barbara sits at the end of a row. An empty seat beside he Bill tries to sit in it but Barbara says it’s reserved. She looks around for Sheba. Not here. she slips out of th room. INT. BARBARA’S CLASSROOM. Barbara goes over to the window and looks out. It’s dark outside. There’s a dim light on in the Art Studio. INT. SCHOOL CORRIDOR. Barbara heads for the exit. Christmas decorations and children’s art fill the walls. The rap music echoes down the empty corridor. EXT. PLAYGROUND. The playground in darkness. Barbara heads towards the Art Studio. The light still on. But then it goes out. Barbara waits for Sheba to emerge. But she doesn’t. Now Barbara approaches, perplexed... She hears a noise - a chair scraping back - male laughter ‘shhh’ - silence. Barbara sneaks up to a window. Standing on tip toes she c just see inside. Darkness. Footsteps. A murmur... And then...a match...a tiny flare of light. And then an orange glow - a cigarette. Still she can’t see properly, her eyes beginning to adjus She can make out Sheba’s desk now... and Sheba sitting on her chair at the desk... er shirt undone to the waist... Barbara holds her breath. alo ot Sheba’s mouth - she’s saying something... And now the orange glow comes back into view. She sees a white shirt. A man holding a cigarette. Sheba gesturing - something to do with the cigarette... The man stands in front of Sheba. A playful exchange of words. He puts the cigarette out. Sheba nods and then undoes his zip. Pulls him towards her Barbara watching as Sheba gives head. The man comes quickly. Sheba’s hand on his mouth, silenci him. Barbara’s hand on her own mouth. Distant applause and stamping. The carol concert’s finish The lovers hear the applause. They kiss passionately. Sheba buttons her shirt. He goes to the door and slips ou Barbara edges round the building to see him...it’s that b fifteen year old - STEVEN CONNOLLY. Barbara grips the wall for support. Steven heads towards the school gates pulling his coat on lugging his school bag over his shoulder. The Art Studio lights flash on. Barbara turns back, sees Sheba picking something from the floor - a fag butt. She wraps it in paper and pockets it. CHILDREN and STAFF start streaming out the school doors. Barbara alone for a moment before she’s engulfed.
25) 5) text: Be dedicated his goal to me. It was just a sweet thing, it amused me. Steven runs off past Barbara who tells him to put his shi back on. But Sheba continues to gaze at the boy - his smooth skin, hips, his muscles moving as he pulls the shirt over his h
26) 2) dialog: Miss, would you look at my drawings, please?
26) 4) dialog: I’m not allowed... (embarrassed) I'm special needs. I gotta do extra reading instead.
26) 8) dialog: Yeah, they’re a right bastard.
26) 11) dialog: Can I keep it, Miss? She hands it to him - unsure if she’s already crossed a l
29) 0) text: Sheba showing Steven a book of Da Vinci’s drawings-
29) 2) dialog: So he invented a sort of helicopter five hundred years ago? Does your brain in. Sheba smiles, charmed by him. ANOTHER DAY: Steven’s new drawing of his hands. A slight improvement.
29) 4) dialog: (grins ) Nailed it. She’s pleased for him and ruffles his hair. Mistake. She knows it instantly.
29) 5) dialog: Do that again, Miss.
29) 7) dialog: What you having for tea, Miss?
29) 11) dialog: You suck? Pause. She narrows her eyes.
30) 2) dialog: Miss! Sheba catches it and sternly hands it back to him.
31) 0) text: Sheba cycling home. She passes Steven in the street. He g at her.
31) 2) text: Sheba comes out with a bag of shopping. Steven is polishi her saddle with his sleeve. He finishes with a flourish a stands back gesturing for her to alight. She dumps her bag in the bike basket.
31) 4) dialog: I live here. He gestures to the tower blocks of a grim looking estate.
31) 5) dialog: ‘S’‘alright, apart from the crack’eads and that. Some bloke got stabbed last week- Sheba looks concerned. He steadies the bike as she fiddle with the chunky lock.
31) 7) dialog: D’you wanna come for a walk?
31) 9) dialog: My Dad’s got the hump. He got sacked, been taking it out on me. He gestures with his arm, Sheba looks shocked.
31) 13) dialog: (shakes head) She's got this kidney problem, been waiting months for an operation. I don’t wanna give her more grief.
31) 15) dialog: (shrugs) I’11 be alright.
31) 17) dialog: Thanks, Miss. him, full of sympathy. He leans in and holds her
31) 18) dialog: You're beautiful, Miss. You don’t know how beautiful you are. Before she can respond he’s on his way. EXT. PUB. Barbara looks at Sheba reproachfully.
32) 11) dialog: Evening, Miss. She looks him in the eye.
32) 13) dialog: Not with someone like you, I mean...a proper woman . She touches his cheek, tenderly. They walk together.
32) 14) text: Sheba follows Steven down an ‘alley’ between a disused tr and a siding. Steven stops. A clearing. He puts his coat down.
32) 15) dialog: Make yourself comfortable. He looks at Sheba, barely believing his luck.
32) 17) dialog: No.
32) 19) dialog: Miss, I’m no genius but I aint no dickhead. I wont tell anyone. You can trust me.
32) 22) dialog: Miss?
32) 25) dialog: Can I come inside you?
32) 27) dialog: Can I smoke, Miss?
32) 29) dialog: Were you a model once? Sheba shakes her head.
32) 30) dialog: You shoulda been. You’re well fit.
32) 32) dialog: You're into ‘The Streets’?!
32) 34) dialog: She the same age as me?
32) 38) dialog: You reckon? My sister says I look like a bollock with measles.
32) 40) dialog: You wanna do it again? Sheba smiles. Men can’t do this.
32) 41) dialog: What? What? She laughs then sees he’s getting upset.
37) 4) dialog: Happy Christmas. Steven is lurking near the car. He hands her a little package. Sheba glances at the house ~ the front door is o
37) 6) dialog: Aren’t you gonna open it? She quickly opens the package,
37) 7) dialog: It’s made of real fake gold. It’s a cheap, gold necklace with an ‘S’ on it. It glints her hand. She’s touched by the gesture.
37) 9) dialog: What’s up? I haven’t heard from you... She motions him back to the side of the house where it’s hidden from the front door.
37) 12) dialog: Why?
37) 16) dialog: (innocently) Was that your Dad? Sheba is stunned.
37) 18) dialog: D’you wanna end it?
37) 20) dialog: Have you gone off me?
39) 0) text: Sheba and Steven, half dressed, fucking like horny rabbit ot sate nim se They lie in each others arms. Steven toys with the 'S’ necklace, happy she’s wearing it. INT. PIZZA EXPRESS — DAY Barbara and Sheba with menus. Barbara glances over hers, catches Sheba’s eye.
40) 0) text: Sheba and steven lying, post-coital on the sofa.
40) 2) dialog: Bit close to home, isn’t it?
40) 4) dialog: Yeah...but d’you wanna get caught?
40) 6) dialog: Course you do. Trash it all.
40) 8) dialog: So you can be with me. She digs him in the ribs.
40) 10) dialog: You love it. He gently disengages from her arms, gets up, looks around exploring her territory. He turns back, she’s deep in thought, considering what he suggested...
40) 11) dialog: I was only making conversation. It’s polite to talk after sex, so’s I don’t feel like a slut. He wanders over to her record collection. Sheba pulls on sweater and comes over to him. He’a looking at ‘Kaleidosc by Siouxsie and the Banshees. awe St
40) 12) dialog: Any good?
40) 16) dialog: What’s it for?
40) 18) dialog: Yeah but why?
40) 20) dialog: But he’s twelve, isn‘t he?
40) 22) dialog: You never said. Sorry. He takes the hat off, puts it back on the table. Sheba turns away not wanting to burden him with her sadne He looks at her, suddenly knows he’s way out of his depth INT. KITCHEN — SATURDAY MORNING Barbara saunters in carrying her shopping. She stops shor horrified. Portia is lying on the floor in a pool of urine and vomit INT. VET’S SURGERY - LATER The vet has just told Barbara the news.
40) 51) dialog: Where are you? I want your hot, sweet cunt right now! Barbara listens, sickness rising in her. She hands the ph to Sheba.
42) 0) text: Sheba on her bike, speeding towards Steven’s home. EXT. COUNCIL ESTATE. Sheba gets off her bike, starts pushing it. To her surprise it’s a clean street, well kept blocks and houses. Not the sink estate she’d imagined - or been told Kids riding around on bikes. She asks them if they know Steven Connolly. They point her in the right direction. She finds his home - not the tower block but an ordinary Maisonette. She rings the bell. MR CONNOLLY opens the door. He’s a slight man without an ounce of aggression in him. She’d expected tattoos and brutality.
42) 6) dialog: Call you back, OK? Laters. They look at each other. Sheba takes in the adolescent room, shocked at its ‘childishness’: the music posters, football paraphernalia the kid’s duvet and strewn clothes. EXT. COUNCIL ESTATE —- MINUTES LATER Sheba pushing her bike. Steven smoking, edgy-
42) 8) dialog: (shrugs) You wanted a sob story, I gave it you. Made you feel like Bob Geldof.
42) 10) dialog: Oooh, sorry, Miss. D’you prefer it if T lived in a shit’ole?
42) 12) text: (sniffs) I think she’s gonna pull through. What d‘you want, what you doing here? And now she has to tell him. EXT. PLAYAREA/COUNCIL ESTATE — LATER Steven sits on a swing, flicking at his fag in fury.
42) 13) dialog: They’re gonna expel me now!
42) 15) dialog: As if she won't?
42) 17) dialog: Likes you how? Like ‘that’? You giving her one ‘n’ all?
42) 19) dialog: I really like you. You’re a nice person and you’ve been cool. And it's been great, OK? But it was s'posed to be fun. Now it’s like this serious thing. Whatever shit you’re working out, you know; your husband, your kid, you - I dunno...I can’t help you. Sheba manages a smile. Determined not to show him her pai
42) 22) dialog: I never asked you to!
42) 24) dialog: Why are you so upset? She can’t answer. He suddenly gets that she loves him. He glances around.
42) 25) dialog: I’d give you a hug but there’s people who know me... (pause) I can't deal with this. I’m not old enough. She’s overcome with guilt, tries to be practical.
42) 27) dialog: You never. They look at each other, tenderly. Then Sheba walks away.
54) 40) text: Naturally she’s never discussed any of this with me. But I’ve been hearing some rather disturbing rumours that there’s one in particular. Playground gossip, staff room whispers and so on... She’s alone now, turned away from him, as if he were invisible. Or she in confession. I think you might know the boy in question ..+.Steven Connolly.
60) 0) text: fea break. Staff buzz around, agog with the ’Covett sacki rumour’. Barbara comes in. A pause as people see her. Sue Hodge - big as a barn - stares at her defiantly from Barbara’s own chair. Elaine Clifford serves her tea while other teachers fuss around her. Barbara hurries out the room. EXT/INT. BARBARA’S STREET/FLAT —- LATE AFTER-NOON Barbara gets out her car and approaches home. Shattered. There’s a FIGURE on the other side of the road. He emerge from behind a car - sees her. They lock eyes. It’s STEVEN looks ravaged with exhaustion and the stress of it all. He comes up to her, close. Barbara bustles past him and h follows, impassive, it scares her. She rushes down the stairs to her door, fumbling for the He follows after. Just as he comes tearing down the stair she manages to get in and slam the door. He bangs at the window in fury. Inside - Barbara clutches herself in fear and shame. Junk mail littered at her feet. She listens...relieved to hear the sound of his footsteps her stone stairs.