5) 0) text: A committee meeting of around TWENTY TEACHERS chaired by Headmaster, SANDY PABBLEM. His secretary (GITA) takes notes. The staff sit in chairs a circle, Barbara amongst them. In passing we see teacher ELAINE CLIFFORD and SUE HODGE.
10) 4) dialog: Barbara’s very keen on the basics. Sheba helps herself to some sad looking coleslaw.
10) 8) dialog: Console yourself with the gems. Every now and then you find one with an agile mind and a will to learn. That’s when it’s satisfying, when you can really make a difference. Sheba seems to really ‘hear’ this.
11) 4) dialog: Ahem. I’ve got a bit of an announcement:
11) 6) dialog: No!
11) 12) dialog: Mmm, can’t wait! Barbara nods, encouragingly.
11) 15) dialog: Rog reckons it’s a boy but I'm certain it’s a girl. Aren’t they supposed to be iow slung? I can’t believe nobody noticed, I’m 14 weeks! Didn’t you see how chunky I’m getting?! Barbara notices a dab of froth on Sheba’s nose. She hands a serviette. Sheba thanks her with a smile.
12) 0) text: Barbara and Sheba waiting outside. Sue inside buying a ho water bottle.
21) 0) text: The school carol concert. The last day of term. A school band on stage doing a ‘rap’ version of ‘Hark The Herald Angels Sing’. Toasting each other, the hoods, the attitude. Sue Hodge is conducting them, gleefully. Pabblem beams. This is what his school is all about. Brian is into the groove. He wears a Tottenham Hotspur baseball cap and stuffs a mince pie in his gob. Gita fakes enjoyment — in common with many other staff_ The kids are allowed to ‘dress down’. Some are in festiv fancy dress. Some clap along. Others throw food around. Barbara sits at the end of a row. An empty seat beside he Bill tries to sit in it but Barbara says it’s reserved. She looks around for Sheba. Not here. she slips out of th room. INT. BARBARA’S CLASSROOM. Barbara goes over to the window and looks out. It’s dark outside. There’s a dim light on in the Art Studio. INT. SCHOOL CORRIDOR. Barbara heads for the exit. Christmas decorations and children’s art fill the walls. The rap music echoes down the empty corridor. EXT. PLAYGROUND. The playground in darkness. Barbara heads towards the Art Studio. The light still on. But then it goes out. Barbara waits for Sheba to emerge. But she doesn’t. Now Barbara approaches, perplexed... She hears a noise - a chair scraping back - male laughter ‘shhh’ - silence. Barbara sneaks up to a window. Standing on tip toes she c just see inside. Darkness. Footsteps. A murmur... And then...a match...a tiny flare of light. And then an orange glow - a cigarette. Still she can’t see properly, her eyes beginning to adjus She can make out Sheba’s desk now... and Sheba sitting on her chair at the desk... er shirt undone to the waist... Barbara holds her breath. alo ot Sheba’s mouth - she’s saying something... And now the orange glow comes back into view. She sees a white shirt. A man holding a cigarette. Sheba gesturing - something to do with the cigarette... The man stands in front of Sheba. A playful exchange of words. He puts the cigarette out. Sheba nods and then undoes his zip. Pulls him towards her Barbara watching as Sheba gives head. The man comes quickly. Sheba’s hand on his mouth, silenci him. Barbara’s hand on her own mouth. Distant applause and stamping. The carol concert’s finish The lovers hear the applause. They kiss passionately. Sheba buttons her shirt. He goes to the door and slips ou Barbara edges round the building to see him...it’s that b fifteen year old - STEVEN CONNOLLY. Barbara grips the wall for support. Steven heads towards the school gates pulling his coat on lugging his school bag over his shoulder. The Art Studio lights flash on. Barbara turns back, sees Sheba picking something from the floor - a fag butt. She wraps it in paper and pockets it. CHILDREN and STAFF start streaming out the school doors. Barbara alone for a moment before she’s engulfed.
60) 0) text: fea break. Staff buzz around, agog with the ’Covett sacki rumour’. Barbara comes in. A pause as people see her. Sue Hodge - big as a barn - stares at her defiantly from Barbara’s own chair. Elaine Clifford serves her tea while other teachers fuss around her. Barbara hurries out the room. EXT/INT. BARBARA’S STREET/FLAT —- LATE AFTER-NOON Barbara gets out her car and approaches home. Shattered. There’s a FIGURE on the other side of the road. He emerge from behind a car - sees her. They lock eyes. It’s STEVEN looks ravaged with exhaustion and the stress of it all. He comes up to her, close. Barbara bustles past him and h follows, impassive, it scares her. She rushes down the stairs to her door, fumbling for the He follows after. Just as he comes tearing down the stair she manages to get in and slam the door. He bangs at the window in fury. Inside - Barbara clutches herself in fear and shame. Junk mail littered at her feet. She listens...relieved to hear the sound of his footsteps her stone stairs.