35) 9) text: There’s a terrific vet up the read, he was great with Ben’s rabbit. Barbara lingers, relishing this time with Sheba.
40) 23) dialog: I’m sure she’s had a very happy life.
52) 23) dialog: Do you want to stay? Barbara shakes her head.
53) 0) text: Barbara comes out of the vets. A zombie on the busy stree Then she remembers - Sheba lives nearby. She starts to hu almost pushing people out of the way as she rushes to her friend. EXT. SHEBA’S STREET - MINUTES LATER Barbara panting for breath, a broken woman desperately needing comfort. She hurries towards Sheba’s house. Suddenly ~ the Hart’s car comes out their driveway nearly knocking her over. Richard is at the wheel, he parks up, car skewed on the road, engine running... Ben and Polly are in the back. Barbara sees Polly groanin comically, mockingly - and Ben (who holds his wizard hat) laughing at his sister’s antics. Sheba is shushing them. Sheba sees Barbara is in great distress, says something t Richard and gets out the car. Barbara falls into her arms, sobbing.
59) 0) text: Barbara vomiting. Above her head, amongst the graffiti: Mad Babs Covett = n old lezza Someone else has scrawled: i wanna lick her mangy twat!!!
60) 0) text: fea break. Staff buzz around, agog with the ’Covett sacki rumour’. Barbara comes in. A pause as people see her. Sue Hodge - big as a barn - stares at her defiantly from Barbara’s own chair. Elaine Clifford serves her tea while other teachers fuss around her. Barbara hurries out the room. EXT/INT. BARBARA’S STREET/FLAT —- LATE AFTER-NOON Barbara gets out her car and approaches home. Shattered. There’s a FIGURE on the other side of the road. He emerge from behind a car - sees her. They lock eyes. It’s STEVEN looks ravaged with exhaustion and the stress of it all. He comes up to her, close. Barbara bustles past him and h follows, impassive, it scares her. She rushes down the stairs to her door, fumbling for the He follows after. Just as he comes tearing down the stair she manages to get in and slam the door. He bangs at the window in fury. Inside - Barbara clutches herself in fear and shame. Junk mail littered at her feet. She listens...relieved to hear the sound of his footsteps her stone stairs.