0) 16) dialog: But we know nothing about canoeing, Lewis. They spill out of the door. ©
0) 29) dialog: Why not? ED watches all this, the dead faces ef the crowd, the moa of the traffics LEWIS susking them ail into hig scheme. He is evidently oppressed by it but does nothing about it too lethargic perhaps, His eye mcves to the black glass tower, the city reflected and gramented in its facets.
0) 33) dialog: ‘ (0.8.) \ Yeah, Lewis, some of us have to work for a living. Te INT. ED'S OFFICE DAY It 4s modern, tasteful, There are some very good action portraits of his wife and son on the wall with one or two framed art director awards. His desk is strewn with rough drawings, samples of lettering, haif-finished comps, and prominently, layouts for an ad for Kitt 'n Britches, It is a drawing of a girl in nothing but panties holding a kitten and looking back over her shoulder. ED looks at none of this but stands motionless, lethargic at the enormous window that makes up the cuter wall. He is staring at the same round, black tower which is much closer now, just across the street. It throws back its broken, kaleidcscopic view of the city. The ‘phone rings. Without moving his eyes from the tower, he answers it.
0) 61) text: eo - 13 (Cont. ) : C 7 BOBBY emerges from it with ED. They climb into the ca . LEWIS spurts away as thougn they have robbed a bank. BO is bleary-eyed, his hair unkempt. He slumps into the back LEWIS frowns at him through the rear-view mirror,
0) 62) dialog: Sorry, friends. Wow. What a night that was. This demure little hcouse- wife wants to buy insuranse on her husband's lifs - whils he's away - always a promising situation - but this time! Oh boy! It had to bs on his bed, and the whcle time ske just cursed and cussed him, I couldn't shake off the feeling she was using me. They all laugh, BOBBY's story restores their gocdspirits.
0) 63) dialog: (locking arcund vaguely) Hey, where's Drew? .
0) 71) dialog: (\/4 (reading) An artificially flavoured, saccharine sweetened, aerated drink with approved coloring. ‘he looks up) It’ should be calisd ‘sweet fuck-all! because that's what it is,
0) 74) dialog: Nobody, making millicns of betties of ncthing. LEWIS straightsns up and moves a pase or two into the complex of revclving mashinery and criss-cross lines of juddering tottles, His physical presence is like a challe to the machine. .
1) 56) dialog: (whispers ) How is it these people up here are always missing something.... a finger, an eye, an arm or, ‘in the head!, I oe a never saw a farmer yet who didn't have & something wrong with him, You'd think it would be a healthy life. As if to prove his point THREE or FOUR WEIRD LOOKING HILLBILLIES have materialised out of the weeds to stand at the edge of the concrete apron, aware of an approachin event. This ILL-ASSORTED GROUP clusters around thes: TWO MUSICIA ina dusty, fergotten or never-discovered filling station, way off up in the mountains of Appalachia,
2) 0) text: The whole place is almost drowning in the trees and weeds around it, LEWIS leaps out of the car and knocks impatien on the door of the house which is half-open. ED climbs ou and dutifully joins him, but BOBBY and DREW remain in the car laughing soundlessly behind their windshield. Through the open door a sliver of the house is visible, a picture of Jesus, a few beercans on the floor and in the deep shadows of the room an old woman is just visible in silouette, A strange trick of light illuminates one of he eyes, The eye and its pouch of aged skin seems to hang in dependently in space, unconnected to a body,
2) 47) dialog: We heard this cussing and shouting.
2) 90) dialog: I'll bet they can't get the cars back up that hill. DREW and ED are strapping on their life-~jackets.
2) 92) dialog: What the hell are we going to do if we come off this river and there's no cars down at what's-its- name?
2) 93) text: — They'll be there. Don't worry about a thing. LEWIS drives the canoe out with long sweeps while BOBBY holds his paddle uncertainly.
2) 135) dialog: Wow! It's better than Disneyland.
2) 148) dialog: (a little drunk) It's true Lewis, what you said. There's something in the woods and the water Cc that we lost in the city.
2) 154) dialog: . But at least technology produced the air mattress - or as it's better known in camp circles - the instant broad,
2) 156) dialog: (shaking his head exasperated) This guy is unbelievable, All day he's been an Indian Brave and now he has to play Tarzan.
2) 159) dialog: So we have to endure these melodramatic games, on They look about them nervously. They feel vulnerable a ce abandoned, , a (CONTINUED)
2) 162) dialog: And armfulls of warm women, They are Like mutinous schoolboys. They start to giggle. Suddenly LEWIS materialises at their side. ZOBBY starts w surprise, : :
2) 163) dialog: Jesus, Lewis. You scared the shit out of me.
2) 167) dialog: So what, I'm going to sleep, Fuck it,
2) 170) dialog: Had my first wet dream in a sleeping bag. I surely did.
2) 177) dialog: Great. There's no repeating it. There is a long sigh, and then no sound.
2) 184) dialog: (without humor or trony) Yeah, LEWIS is making a fire with twigs. He turns and sees ED a gives a sharp look at the two empty slots in the bow quiv
2) 197) dialog: I hope to God we can get off this fucking river today,
2) 199) dialog: It's not? Listen: mosquitoes ate me up last night. My bites have got bites. I'm catching a fucking cold from sleep- ing on the fucking ground, and I'm hungry eas hell for something that tastes good, And I don't mean sorghum, BOBBY starts to paddle wildly, (CONTINUED )
2) 207) dialog: Fuck it. Let's get onwith it. I'm tired of this woods scene, I'm tired of shitting in a hole in the ground. This is for the Indians, They go along for a while, not speaking, and they make so what better progress,
2) 209) dialog: (speaking back over his shoulder) Let's for God's sake not turn over here!
2) 213) dialog: (half-turning again) Let's put in for a little while. This is getting to me,
2) 230) dialog: {with something of his smart-aleck city manner) Sure. This river just runs one way, ecap'n, Haven't you heard?
2) 278) dialog: (afraid to comprehend ) Drope.eo?
2) 280) dialog: (weakly) I mean, what‘’s this all....?
2) 283) text: » BEARDED MAN (indicating Bobby's undershorts ) Them panties too, BOBBY takes off his shorts like a boy undressing for the first time in a gym.
2) 300) text: (from the ground, and still half in the bushes ) Lord God. Lord God. ED looks down at the BEARDED MAN. The silver of the alumi nium arrow-shaft and the fancy blue-and-silver marking of the white-feathered arrow stick out of his back. ED peers into the woods, swinging the half-lowered gun ba and forth, and nothing else happens. Then there is a faint stirring in the bushes. ED swings towards it. LEWIS comes cautiously forward, another arrow on the string, his ‘bow at the ready. He comes slowly int the clearing. DREW is behind him, holding a canoe paddle like a baseball bat. LEWIS walks out between ED and BOBBY, and looks down at t BEARDED MAN. He puts his bow-tip on a leaf and gazes at i about to say something.
2) 323) text: BOBBY, comes up, fiery-faced and violated and with that vindictiveness that only the violated have. He shakes his head, his eyes murderously narrow.
2) 367) dialog: (in a thick, strangled voice) ' I say get rid of the son of a bitch. ' Do you think I want this to get around?
2) 374) text: There is silence. LEWIS waits, confidently, DREW is grim and adamant, BOBBY is full of hatred, and ED is coming to the all-important decision.
2) 398) dialog: Lewis. Let's get the fuck out of - here. : \
2) 400) text: (soothingly) Plan? Why we just paddle on down to Aintree, pick up those cars and go home. What else? The river is transformed for them, omincus and threatenin every dark opening in the trees a possible menace, every turn in the river a dangerous event. They jerk their from side to side; wild, hunted animal looks, ED and are together acain in the aluminium canoe while LEWIS BOBBY are in the heavy wooden one. ED and DREW get a ahead. ED brings his bow up close to him, ready. While all this is going on they have baen moving into gorge. The rosk-face rises and narrows in, ths sound river changes, reverberating, intensifying. heads
2) 404) text: (screaming at the top of his lungs) Let's go right down the middle. Give me some speed, baby} Something happens to DREW; it is impossible to tell what. shakes his head violently (but this might just be the can bumping on a rock) and his paddle is whirled out of his h by the river. He pitches over, or is thrown over or something. Whatever is, the canoe goes out of control. ED lets go of his padd and grabs for the bow at his feet as his last act before canoe overturns in the boiling, angry, murderous water. EXT. HE GREAT RAPIDS : Day ED is part of the river, turning over and over, banging o stones, sometimes out of the water and sometimes under it rushing along with unbelievable force. Momentarily he surfaces facing back up river as LEWIS and BOBBY founder helplessly on the first canoe. LEWIS and BOBBY spill out on opposite sides, and the two canoes roil over and over each other like iogs, until the wooden canoe bursts open on a rock. ED struggies desperately with the water, trying to get hi feet forward of him. After several attemps, he succeeds, body elongates in the river. He has the bow, and he begin to slither over moss-covered rocks on his back. He hits t back of his head on one big rock, but then seems to get t hang of it. There is a curious look of pained pleasure on his face as he slides along, still alive. (CONTINUED)
2) 408) text: A deeper turmoil of water sucks him under, despite the li jacket. : Then the last of the ravids are ahead, and ED goes over t over a last big rock and down into calm water. EXT. POOL AT BASE OF GORGE ‘ DAY ED floats, cradling the bow, in the slow water below the falls: he is a tiny figure, idly turning in the aftermath of the furious white water, down between the enormous win of the gorge~sides. He lies back in his life-jacket as though on a bed. He is groggily trying to assess his situation. He grimaces with pain, and lifts his left hand out of the water. He has ho of the arrows in the bow-quiver by the arrowheads themsel He lets go, and his palm is washed with blood. ED clumsily tries to rearrange himself in the water: tryi to get into position to look upstream at the last of the rapids he has just come down, trying to look for the othe He keeps looking at the last rocks of the rapids, but can see no sign of life. A man flops over the rocks of the white water, completely out of control, and he recognizes after a bit, that it is BOBBY. BOBBY starts to splash his way to the side. Through no fault of his own, unhurt. Soon LEWIS is spewed out of the rapids, one hand holding his paddle and the other over hi face. LEWIS writhes and twists in the water. ED moves towards him. LEWIS i (against the river- sound) My leg's broke. It feels like it broke off.
2) 416) text: He gets up from LEWIS's side and turns uneasily to BOBBY.
2) 418) dialog: Shot?
2) 424) dialog: (calling out) Drew! It is not DREW but his guitar. “The neck has snapped but still connected to the box by the strings.
2) 429) dialog: .What...?
2) 432) dialog: In other words, it's lucky we spilled.
2) 434) dialog: What are we going to do? (CONTINUED )
2) 439) dialog: (looking upward apprehensively) You think he's up there? Do you really? :
2) 441) dialog: But then what?
2) 443) dialog: (awed and terribly frightened) Jesus Christ Almighty. ED turns to LEWIS again whose face is now turned into the earth, biting the dirt.
2) 447) dialog: He's delirious. What the fuck do we do? ED ponders for a moment,
2) 449) dialog: (hushed) If he's up there and he wants to kill us, he can kill us.
2) 451) dialog: We have?
2) 453) dialog: How?
2) 455) dialog: Cc ) . We? No. One of us.
2) 460) dialog: (making a gesture of pure helplessness) I can't even shoot a bow.
2) 462) dialog: (reaching out a hand and catching Ed's arm, compulsively) Ed, level with me. Do you really think you can get up there in the dark? ED makes no answer, He is utterly absorbed in the problem now, totally concentrated. They stand together in silence, ED with his hands on his looks up the gorge-side, LEWIS writhes on the ground unde them, and a muffled groan escapes him.
2) 463) dialog: What are you going to do? I mean, how will you find him? Ce = If I get up there, I'm going to do just exactly what I would do if I was him. There are some rapids right below here, and he won't want to shoot at us when we're jumping and bobbing up and down, If-he's coming, he'll come right here where it's calm and he can take his time about drawing a bead and setting up his shots, There's got to be one spot up there he'd go for. I'm going to find it and wait for him,
2) 464) dialog: I won't do it. You're setting me up as a decoy.
2) 466) dialog: € Couldn't we just..... on) .
2) 523) text: He gets his feet over the edge and starts down on the rop letting himself down hand over hand, straining and hurtin but going down well enough. He scrambles against the clif face with his feet, finding footholds, BOBBY, hearing something, wades out into the river to loo up at ED and THE CORPSE swinging on the rope. It is evident that ED is almost completely exhausted. He goes d toward where the CORPSE dangles below. He is almost there ED stops to rest on a little ledge. THE CORPSE is about t C or fifteen feet under him, swinging moodily in the bree from the river, spinning idly, knocking against the cliff face, :
2) 526) text: 75.6 56 (Cont.1) Oo. ED sits, holding the rope. He is still about fifty fe ( from the river, and he is evidently figuringwhat to dc. st where he sits he can see even LEWIS lying in the botto the canoe, LEWIS's position is terribly twisted looking a unnatural, He has his hand over his face, BOBBY stands watching. On the ledge, ED looks at his free hand, flexing the fing He slides off the ledge and starts down again. ED is almost on top of THE CORPSE. He hangs there for a moment, looking down, trying to figure what to do. Suddenly it is as though the film had broken, but what ha really happened is that the rope has broken. There is an instant of pure blackness, then the sky and the river and gorge turn haphazardly and idly about each other, There i a muffled yell, The yell is suddenly cut off, and ED is i another world, It is green and quiet, underwater, ED finds himself inter twined with the CORPSE whose limbs move under the water w uncanny animation. It is as though the man were trying to embrace ED or drown him, He fights free, Cocked to one si of the pervading green is a suffused yellow area, and QO gradually ED approaches this. As he gets closer to it, ; sees that it is something like a submerged sun, waverin Ceo expanding. In fact, it is the sun, and it explodes in face as ED's head comes clear of the water,
2) 528) dialog: Q I don't believe it. This is not happening to us. 1 ‘\ Cs BOBBY looks searchingly at ED, but ED just shakes his (CONTINUED )
2) 536) dialog: And you killed him? You killed him? Again ED says nothing but goes over to look at LEWIS, The is'no sign of life. He bends down to listen for his breathing,
2) 537) dialog: Lewis has been having @ bad time. Once I thought he'd died, He's awful bad hurt, He gets up and they walk over to where the DEAD MAN lies the rocks, face down, with the rope piled on and off him.
2) 538) dialog: (looking up with incredulity) Is this.....?
2) 540) dialog: But it might have been Just -& guy outece.
2) 542) dialog: (with genuine concern) But he shot you, didn't he? : ED shakes his head.
2) 551) dialog: (turning, in unbelief and horror) Ed}
2) 553) dialog: (sobbing) Yes. Yes.
2) 559) dialog: Ed, you know I wouldn't know. But it sure doesn't look like it to me.
2) 562) text: 59 (Cont.1) Oo : BOBBY _ Or whether it was made by a rock after he went in.
2) 564) text: I'd like to know, I think we ought to know, . BOBBY . How can we know?
2) 576) dialog: Maybe.
2) 580) dialog: What are we going to do with Drew?
2) 582) dialog: 0 God. 0 God Almighty. ( CONTINUED )
2) 589) dialog: If he was.
2) 591) dialog: {looking down into the river) There's no end to it. (shaking his head) No end. ED bends and fumbles in his leg pocket for the extra bowstring he's brought along, and brings it out. It contains a built-in peep sight such as the one on the string he used to kill the man with, except this sight is blue rather than orange. ED ties the string around a big rock and the other end around DREW's belt. 4e puts the rock in the canoe, and BOBBY gets back in, ED begins to float DREW's body downriver in its kapok life jacket, going along beside the body in his own life jacket, swimming slowly. DREW floats face-up, his hands spread wide in the water. ED is very close to him, and he looks at one of DREW's hands. It has a college class ring on it, and guitar calluses on the tips of the fingers, now puckered with the water. ED feels these with is own hand, ED seems to cry or choke on the river water.
2) 611) text: Right here is where it all happened. BOBBY turns around - as much as he can = and stares as though a ssvage or a madman had spoken. He has no notion of what ED means. (CONTINUED)
2) 617) dialog: (mumbling) O.K. Ed bends forward towards LEWIS.
2) 624) dialog: Ed§ Look here! ED looks up from LEWIS at the river bank where BOBBY is pointing. It is a cow: a plain bleck and white Friesian cow. Peacefully it crops the grass at the river's edge. BOBBY is grinning; ED's mouth falls open. It is salvation @ deliverance indeed.
2) 629) text: e, 62 (Cont.1) Au BOBBY turns and smiles as he hasn't done before, and h QO 63.
2) 634) dialog: You mean you did it.
2) 657) dialog: We've had a bad accident. One of our party drowned.
2) 659) dialog: Yes.
2) 665) text: I got to get these men to the hospital, officer. He closes the door on ED and LEWIS and BOBBY's answer to THE OFFICER is cut off. ED watches through the window as BOBBY soundlessly exnlains to the PATROLMAN. The ambulanc pulls away as BOBBY leads the OFFICER over to inspect the canoe.
2) 686) dialog: Here. Hope they frit.
2) 690) dialog: A little old guy who's some kind of local lew man. He asked me about the other canoe, where was it, when did we lose it.
2) 694) dialog: What we agreed to tell him: that we lost it in that last bad plsce. But listen Ed they must have found part of it up river. They must have.
2) 696) dialog: Can we patch up our story?
2) 698) dialog: (warming to it) Right. It's better because the ~ doctors can probably tell when Lewis' leg was really broken.
2) 701) dialog: (urgently) But what am I gonne say to that little rat-faced bastard when he faces me up to what I told him yesterday?-
2) 707) dialog: (a fierce whisper) Lewis! We've got to get the change of story to him. Before they talk to him.
2) 709) dialog: Pléase God, let us be in time.
3) 0) text: BOBBY and ED sit nervously on the edge of the seat, in their new anonymous clothes, as the grimy cab hauls them through Aintry. The DRIVER throws off the odd bit of information of local interest, figuring them as tourists. BOBBY, sitting right behind the DRIVER clenches his fists like a jockey urging .on a horse and mimes 'Come on.!
3) 13) dialog: Terrific, just terrific. They are past him now, and turn into the ward.
3) 94) dialog: Right.
3) 96) dialog: Wasn't there another guy in the pick-up Ed?