0) 28) dialog: (the stifling crowd deciding him) Hell, let's take it then.
0) 30) dialog: 
0) 67) dialog: The computer indicated a demandedrop ever the next 48 heurs. I just have to set the new work rates, They're like babies, these computers, incredibly demanding. BOBBY picks up a bottle and reads the smail print arcund the base, om — ae (CONTINUED)
0) 76) dialog: Not this ons, I kepe. Not this weekend anyway.
1) 44) text: Lonnie; Come on out ‘chere, DREW crosses to the OLD MAN and then follows his look bac into the dark depths of the Texaco station, The others, having nothing stronger to focus their attention, turn to look ‘as a shy ALBINO BOY sidles out of the gloomy interi eradling a battered five-string banjo. THE MEN suffer the acute discomfort of suburban dwellers when confronted with tne unseemly, The BOY’s white skin looks luminous in the shadows, The OLD MAN laughs softly with pride and affection for THE BOY tut also because he feels that the advantages has shifted away from the CITY LONNIE squints against the light, He is probabiy a half-w likely from a family inbred tea the point of imbecility a Albinism, He smiies sweetly, expectantly through his squi The OLD MAN looks up at DREW whe is right by him and spea softly in his ear.
1) 48) text: ( Come on, Mister,. Play us a little something. DREW looks over to the others for guidance, especially to LEWIS, but they avoid his eyes, thoroughly confused. LEWIS turns abruptly and felds his-map noisily. DREW winds down the back windcw and takes out the guitar. LONNIE follows DREW ciozeiy, holding the banjo in whateve position DREW assumes with his guitar. His cross eyes are evident and rather endearing. He is innocent and ready. DREW smiles at him, starts to tunes his guitar, setting h finger picks, LONNIE follows him, dragging a homemade capo up the neck of his banjo.
1) 64) dialog: God damn! DREW stands upright, overwhelmed, totally happy. The othe are on the point of applause, and it erupts not in slappi but in laughter,
1) 65) dialog: God damm{ I could piay all day OQ with that guy. The OLD MAN is laughing hard, with a strange stiff bendin iN movement, from the waist, and a look of ‘I told you’ o face, DREW, the big-faced decent city man goes forward to shake hands with the demented country boy, but the door has closed, There is no way in except through the music, wags the BOY’s limp hand, The OLD MAN slaps DREW’s back, like a man who has just told a joke racked with mirth,
2) 0) text: The whole place is almost drowning in the trees and weeds around it, LEWIS leaps out of the car and knocks impatien on the door of the house which is half-open. ED climbs ou and dutifully joins him, but BOBBY and DREW remain in the car laughing soundlessly behind their windshield. Through the open door a sliver of the house is visible, a picture of Jesus, a few beercans on the floor and in the deep shadows of the room an old woman is just visible in silouette, A strange trick of light illuminates one of he eyes, The eye and its pouch of aged skin seems to hang in dependently in space, unconnected to a body,
2) 85) dialog: (imitating the country talk in an exaggerated way) I'm a goin! with you, and not with Mr. Lewis Medlock. I done seen how he drove these roads he don't know nothin! about. The gear is loaded now, the tents, the beer, the food, th bedrolis, the bows and arrows. LEWIS and BOBBY climb into the other canoe wearing their life jackets, BOBBY is incredibly awkward, WIS easy and competent. (CONTINUED)
2) 91) dialog: That's a nice thought. BOBBY picks up his paddle gingerly and throws a somewhat desperaté look over his shoulder as LEWIS pushes away fro the bank.
2) 95) dialog: This.... how you hold this thing? ED struggling himself, alternately paddling and pushing a the mud,
2) 103) dialog: Hey, hey! How about this!
2) 105) dialog: Well, for god's sake! What's wrong up there, Tarzan? Way ahead, the other canoe is swung broadside to the curr The action of LEWIS and BOBBY in the other canoe is con- fused and even a little desperate. The canoe is turning a the way around, and begins to travel downstream backward. DREW turns around, again only so much as he is able to in his position, and he is laughing sincerely and sympatheti ly. (CONTINUED)
2) 111) dialog: Spooky kid. They move through the part of the river lying directly un the town of Oree. It is evidently used as a kind of junk heap where the townspeople throw away anything they don't want. The river bed is littered with old tires, engines, wheels old refrigerators, cookers, and so on. There are also sev startlingly bright broken things of plastic: pitchers, wa containers, and the like. ED looks down at an electric bl plastic jar that catches the late afternoon sun and shoot up a jarring artificial light. ED looks around: something is making him uneasy without his knowing what it is. He vrings his paddle out of the water, and there is a fea stuck to the end of it. (CONTINUED)
2) 116) dialog: Poultry processing plant.
2) 118) dialog: (paddling easily along, not worried about a thing) Man, you got to get used to these things! You're a big boy now!
2) 121) dialog: (turning around es well as he can, in @ manner which is that of joking, but not entirely) What's the matter? Don't you like fried chicken?
2) 125) dialog: Well for the Lord's sake, would you look at that! What do we do now? They are delighted but apprehensive too,
2) 127) dialog: Ay, ay! Let's go there! DREW digs in enthusiastically, the canoe picks up speed a starts through the first of the rapids, They are sucked in to battle with the river, trying to ke the canoe straight in the channel, trying to avoid runnin over rocks, During all this, ED is silent, working hard, but now end DREW gives an exultant whoop, like a cowboy breaking a ho There is just the right mixture of exhilaration and dange DREW and ED are equal to coping with this stretch of the . Yiver, but only just barely. There is a time when they about capsize, They ship some water, and DREW calls out U oh! But somehow they rigt the canoe and continue, At the place on this stretch, they go right over a big boulder a come down on the river with a tremendous WHUMP. The rapids give way to calmer water. DREW and ED adjust t selves in their seats, and re-arrange the equipment which been shaken loose and out of place,
2) 128) dialog: ‘Old Lewis, by damn} He knows something}
2) 130) dialog: You better believe it was some ride} You 0.K.?
2) 136) dialog: Wow's right.
2) 143) dialog: I've always wanted to do this, only I didn't know it. He picks part of a very country-sounding blue-grass piece then breaks off,
2) 144) dialog: It's woods music, Don't you think so?
2) 158) dialog: He's learnt them, He doesn't feel them, That's Lewis! problem. He wants to be 'one! with nature and he's not.
2) 168) dialog: Maybe it was just the Gods, Lewis, out walking in the forest,
2) 183) dialog: Hey, Bobby. Look what came out of the forest.
2) 300) text: (from the ground, and still half in the bushes ) Lord God. Lord God. ED looks down at the BEARDED MAN. The silver of the alumi nium arrow-shaft and the fancy blue-and-silver marking of the white-feathered arrow stick out of his back. ED peers into the woods, swinging the half-lowered gun ba and forth, and nothing else happens. Then there is a faint stirring in the bushes. ED swings towards it. LEWIS comes cautiously forward, another arrow on the string, his ‘bow at the ready. He comes slowly int the clearing. DREW is behind him, holding a canoe paddle like a baseball bat. LEWIS walks out between ED and BOBBY, and looks down at t BEARDED MAN. He puts his bow-tip on a leaf and gazes at i about to say something.
2) 308) text: DREW comes up washing his hands with dirt and beating the against the sides of his legs.
2) 309) dialog: (decisively) There's not but one thing to do. Put the body in one of the canoes and take it down to Aintry and turn it over to the highway patrol. Tell them what happened. ED glances at DREW uncertainly, and then looks back at LE
2) 311) dialog: . (becoming just a Q little more passionate) . Just what happened! This is justi- / & fiable homicide if anything is! They — were sexually assaulting two members of our party at gunpoint. Like you said, there was nothing else we could do.
2) 313) dialog: (not sure what is going on in Lewis' mind, and afraid of what might be) It was your doing, Lewis.
2) 315) dialog: (hotly) It doesn’t make any difference what I would have done.... He breaks off as they react to a kind of terrible sigh, a something like the sound the BEARDED MAN gave out when ) finished with BOBBY. For a moment the city men look aro and then LEWIS stoops swiftly down tc the BEARDED MAN. Th BEARDED MAN sighs again, a long, sobbing sound, and then slumps completely. (CONTINUED )
2) 321) dialog: I've been on jury duty exactly once.
2) 325) dialog: (convinced of his innocence) Well, so what?
2) 331) dialog: (stalwartly) All right. Consider it. We're listening. LEWIS relaxes for a moment and scratches his head. The others wait for him to speak.
2) 339) dialog: (pointing deliberately down at the corpse) I don't know what you have in mind, Lewis. But if you conceal this body QO you're setting yourself up for a & murder charge. That much law I do ‘ know. LEWIS looks at DREW with a genuinely interested expressio on his face. “ LEWIS (with his crazy, infectious enthusiastic look) Suppose there's no body? No body, no crime. Isn't that right?
2) 340) dialog: (even more desperately, with utter conviction) What on God's earth are you thinking about, Lewis? This is not one of your fucking games. You killed somebody, There he is. (CONTINUED )
2) 343) text: 7 41 (Cont.13) ‘ aO- DREW points down again, and this time the three of th ‘ down where he points, at the corpse.
2) 352) text: 536 41 (Cont.14) : But DREW pulls back into himself and holds LEWIS's eye.
2) 353) dialog: How do you know the other guy hasn't gone for the police?
2) 355) dialog: Well, what if he's watching uz, right now. You look around Lewis, he could be anywhere.
2) 356) text: This registers powerfuily on ED. He tries not to look rou but can't heip himself. He cuts his eyea this way and tha almost superhumanly apprehensive and aiert. Then his eyes come back to LEWIS, and they see LEWIS standing, relaxed, leaning on his bow, apparently not worried at ali, in com plete charge of the situation. On seeing him this way, ED - looks deeply relieved. You would foilow LEWIS anywhere, now they realise that they are going to have to do just t © DREW (& We wouldn't be so hard to follow, NA dragging a corpse.
2) 359) dialog: Cc I'm teliing you, I don’t want any pars of it. :
2) 362) text: She oO 4l (Cont.15) . 7 LEWIS rises and facés DREW very deliberately. This is t showdown between them, and all four men know it.
2) 365) dialog: (statunchly) It's a matter of the law. LEWIS stands there relaxed. He gestures with his hand to indicate the wilderness they're in.
2) 370) dialog: (with ali the urgency he has) Think what you're doing, Ed, for God's sake. You're not implicated in this unless you go along with what Lewis wants to do. Ed, don't. I'm begging Q you. Dontt. had (CONTINUED)
2) 374) text: There is silence. LEWIS waits, confidently, DREW is grim and adamant, BOBBY is full of hatred, and ED is coming to the all-important decision.
2) 388) text: {conclusively} . OiKs The FOUR MEN shovel and scramble the dirt back into the g The body slowly being made to disappear under the four-pa volley of dirt and leaves, At last he is totally covered, and LEWIS smooths the leaf-mold over him. They are all lu crously kneeling before the grave. DREW looks intently at ED, as though his gaze were willin ED to do something before it gets to be too late.
2) 390) dialog: There's still time, Lewis. You better be sure you know what you're doing. LEWIS gets to his feet, rubbing the dirt and leaf mold of his hands: (CONTINUED)
2) 400) text: (soothingly) Plan? Why we just paddle on down to Aintree, pick up those cars and go home. What else? The river is transformed for them, omincus and threatenin every dark opening in the trees a possible menace, every turn in the river a dangerous event. They jerk their from side to side; wild, hunted animal looks, ED and are together acain in the aluminium canoe while LEWIS BOBBY are in the heavy wooden one. ED and DREW get a ahead. ED brings his bow up close to him, ready. While all this is going on they have baen moving into gorge. The rosk-face rises and narrows in, ths sound river changes, reverberating, intensifying. heads
2) 401) dialog: and littie a of the ED tries to speak to DREW but cannot get through to him. sound of the river as it comes back off the cliff-walis i mow such that the human voice can hardly be heard at all, even when it shouts its loudest. ie —~, 46. AT.
2) 404) text: (screaming at the top of his lungs) Let's go right down the middle. Give me some speed, baby} Something happens to DREW; it is impossible to tell what. shakes his head violently (but this might just be the can bumping on a rock) and his paddle is whirled out of his h by the river. He pitches over, or is thrown over or something. Whatever is, the canoe goes out of control. ED lets go of his padd and grabs for the bow at his feet as his last act before canoe overturns in the boiling, angry, murderous water. EXT. HE GREAT RAPIDS : Day ED is part of the river, turning over and over, banging o stones, sometimes out of the water and sometimes under it rushing along with unbelievable force. Momentarily he surfaces facing back up river as LEWIS and BOBBY founder helplessly on the first canoe. LEWIS and BOBBY spill out on opposite sides, and the two canoes roil over and over each other like iogs, until the wooden canoe bursts open on a rock. ED struggies desperately with the water, trying to get hi feet forward of him. After several attemps, he succeeds, body elongates in the river. He has the bow, and he begin to slither over moss-covered rocks on his back. He hits t back of his head on one big rock, but then seems to get t hang of it. There is a curious look of pained pleasure on his face as he slides along, still alive. (CONTINUED)
2) 568) text: LEWIS raises his head and opens his eyes. ED holds DREW's head in a gentle grasp, turning it slight and with the other hand pointing to the place he wants LEWIS to look at, ED. Lewis, was he shot? Did a bullet make this?
2) 573) text: 59 (Cont.2) Slowly LEWIS brings his eyes from DREW's head to ED's eyes, and stares into them. They stare at each other.
2) 615) text: ‘ED Look. Somebody is going to ask us things. We'd better get our story straight. When you get asked, tell ‘em that right here is where Drew fell out and Lewis broke his leg. This is where we lostthe other canoe.