0) 5) dialog: Why does that happen, Lewis?
0) 31) text: I've got to go. (CONTINUED )
0) 36) dialog: You're all ready back there? I'll be down in a second. He puts down the 'phone, takes a deep breath, exhales it sharply, and goes out of his door, carrying the Kitt tn Britches layouts.
0) 42) text: 9 (Cont.) 6. The model stands on ths chalk marks and a girl assistant takes her robe. The model is revealed, wearing. only the Kitt 'n Britches ED's mouth opens and tmy God? look in his shapely but muscular, he sucks in breath. There is a face. She is brown and freckled, but above ail fresh, a country girl. Her arms are folded across her tare treasts. The woman hands her the kitten. She takes it in one hand, and to protect herself, simply holds her left breast in her hand in a beautiful gesture. At the same time she turns and catches ED‘s look, recognising the homage it pays her. She smiles at him, not a simpering or coquettish lock, bu in a simple act of private giving. ED stretches out an arm and touches her shoulder with his finger tips.
0) 46) dialog: 
0) 48) dialog: Just one thing. Her eyes open. What time i Lewis won't have time.
0) 52) dialog: be by tillsix. Ws (CONTINUED)
0) 53) text: To 10 (Cont.) 11. 12. 13. Still neither has moved or touched. \
0) 55) dialog: Why don't you turn over this time. She is on her side, facing him. She looks at him, trying to read him, but he shuts her out. She pulis a pillow down to her pelvis then turns slowly on to it, burying her face.in the bed. ED crawls to her, and over her, looking down at her back. FLASH CUT. The MODEL GIRL turns, smiling, taking her breast in her hand,
0) 61) text: eo - 13 (Cont. ) : C 7 BOBBY emerges from it with ED. They climb into the ca . LEWIS spurts away as thougn they have robbed a bank. BO is bleary-eyed, his hair unkempt. He slumps into the back LEWIS frowns at him through the rear-view mirror,
0) 65) dialog: Maybe the city doesn't want to lose us.
0) 73) dialog: The machines reaily runs America, doesn't it? Alii the whils Drew's out there on the river, this placs'11l be working its ass off. Not a soul here.
1) 0) text: LEWIS is driving. He holds the wheel at the top with his hands crossed and his arms at full stretch, tensing | him against the seat,
1) 2) text: Go ahead. Crucify yourself lifting weights. I'm committed a to the machine. And America. (© Outside on the highway the billboards, the electric pylons, stride across the countryside proclaiming their dominance,
1) 4) dialog: Listen, Lewis, it will last as long as we believe it will last, When enough guys like you stop believing in it, then it will collapse, It's a matter of faith.
1) 11) dialog: Reality? Come on now, Lewis. What's reality except pain and cold and fear? And convulsive things like killing and screwing.
1) 16) dialog: And what bugs you, Lewis? LEWIS pauses, looking steadily at the road,
1) 27) dialog: The Wilderness !
1) 30) text: That's it. ED turns back to the river to conceal his disappointment
1) 44) text: Lonnie; Come on out ‘chere, DREW crosses to the OLD MAN and then follows his look bac into the dark depths of the Texaco station, The others, having nothing stronger to focus their attention, turn to look ‘as a shy ALBINO BOY sidles out of the gloomy interi eradling a battered five-string banjo. THE MEN suffer the acute discomfort of suburban dwellers when confronted with tne unseemly, The BOY’s white skin looks luminous in the shadows, The OLD MAN laughs softly with pride and affection for THE BOY tut also because he feels that the advantages has shifted away from the CITY LONNIE squints against the light, He is probabiy a half-w likely from a family inbred tea the point of imbecility a Albinism, He smiies sweetly, expectantly through his squi The OLD MAN looks up at DREW whe is right by him and spea softly in his ear.
1) 48) text: ( Come on, Mister,. Play us a little something. DREW looks over to the others for guidance, especially to LEWIS, but they avoid his eyes, thoroughly confused. LEWIS turns abruptly and felds his-map noisily. DREW winds down the back windcw and takes out the guitar. LONNIE follows DREW ciozeiy, holding the banjo in whateve position DREW assumes with his guitar. His cross eyes are evident and rather endearing. He is innocent and ready. DREW smiles at him, starts to tunes his guitar, setting h finger picks, LONNIE follows him, dragging a homemade capo up the neck of his banjo.
1) 57) dialog: Why icok at Drew - a suburban hedge- clipper, up here, doing this! DREW has finished the sequence cf chords that comprise th piece, and starts at the beginning again. is time the sound is different, For every phrase he plays there is an echo. He does not look up from the guitar key board, but his face and attitude change, first te gratifi unbelief, and then to full conviction. The banjo comes on stronger, perfectly answering each of his chords, The mus begins to sound good: tc sound driving and confiden*t and gutsy? to catch the cniookers in its sweep and suck them
1) 70) text: Oree hes patered out into an occasional streggiy building LEWIS spets a dilapidated garage ahead on the road, There is a rough wooden house attached +c it and a sign readin, GRINER BROTHERS GARAGE, The two cars pull in, There 213 n one about.
2) 0) text: The whole place is almost drowning in the trees and weeds around it, LEWIS leaps out of the car and knocks impatien on the door of the house which is half-open. ED climbs ou and dutifully joins him, but BOBBY and DREW remain in the car laughing soundlessly behind their windshield. Through the open door a sliver of the house is visible, a picture of Jesus, a few beercans on the floor and in the deep shadows of the room an old woman is just visible in silouette, A strange trick of light illuminates one of he eyes, The eye and its pouch of aged skin seems to hang in dependently in space, unconnected to a body,
2) 2) dialog: . Jesus! LEWIS shrugs it off, There is the sound of mffled hammer- ing from the garage at the side of the house.
2) 27) dialog: Listen, Lewis. To hell with it. Let's go back to town and play golf. LEWIS pays no attention to ED, but grinds GRINER with his eyes.
2) 28) text: (CONTINUED )
2) 36) dialog: Lewis, Lewis. For God's sake, Don't play games,
2) 40) dialog: {lowers his voice) You reckon we'll ever see these cars again?’ This is a rough son-of-a-bitch, As they come round to the front of the garage, DREW and BOBBY appear noving tentatively towards them. (CONTINUED )
2) 51) dialog: Better let them show us.
2) 58) dialog: Why not just let them show us where the river is?
2) 71) text: Plenty. Watch where you put your OQ feet. & ED catches a glimpse of himself in the rear window of t \ station wagon, where the dark equipment inside makes th window more like a mirror. He buckles on his Army web belt with the big knife on it and the coil of green nylon rope. He pulls a wry face at himself which is meant to self- mocking, as though he were putting himself on by acting t way, wearing these clothes, being here in the woods, ED looks around for LEWIS, and doesn't find him. He looks in this direction, then that. Finally he sees LEWIS momen tarily further down the slope. ED scrambles after him - squeamishly, as though afraid of getting his tennis shoes dirty, he crowhops, dodging the pools of water, over to where LEWIS is peering at somethi through a drapery of bushes and willows.
2) 80) dialog: Pretty. Pretty indeed. The willows swish back into place, closing off the view o the stream.
2) 82) dialog: It's got me.
2) 96) dialog: You hold it.... like you hold it. The water is fairly placid and slow here, but moving just the same. They feel the river take hold of the canoes, ta . . them over, Just the sound of the water, Trees hang ov 1 2 river, holding back the sun, turning the water inky.
2) 97) text: (CONTINUED)
2) 102) dialog: Try a stronger pull. I think we're getting the hang of it. A broader expanse of the river opens in front of them. Th other canoe is still well ahead. The river is not particu larly rough here, but the part before them is a little rougher than at the place where they put in. ED and DREW manoeuvre through some lively, interesting bu not dangerous water, none of it white, but urgent and vigorous. Then they run one little stretch that is very slightly dangerous, where the water begins to foam up, and they ma it nicely. DREW turns backward to ED as much as he is able to do.
2) 104) dialog: (pleased) This is some kind of all right, huh? They go along, in calmer water now. ED ploughs easily alo enjoying things.
2) 117) dialog: Geu-u-gh!
2) 119) dialog: You get used to ‘em! A little further down, to make things worse, an effluent issues into the river'and soon they are riding on a river blood: chicken blood.
2) 120) dialog: (not able to contain his disgust) Je-sus!
2) 122) dialog: (resignedly) I used to.
2) 126) dialog: Lewis says head right for the fastest water, Try to keep us going right down the middle, through the channel and be- tween the rocks, That's all I know to do,
2) 129) dialog: That was some ride, eh?
2) 131) dialog: Pretty good. Yes, sir! Sure ami ‘ They back paddle and swing around to get a view of LEWIS BOBBY careering through the rapids, They do pretty well, (CONTINUED)
2) 137) dialog: (to Lewis) Don't you think we ought to make camp pretty soon?
2) 145) dialog: Sure do, He plays on, switching around, fragments of blues and blu grass, then a few chords of "Duelling Banjoes." He leaves gaps for the banjo to answer, looking out into the woods, none comes, During the music BOBBY pours himself another drink and ED one. He offers the bottie to DREW, but DREW shakes his head,being happy with his music, and wanting nothing else, nothing to interfere with it. LEWIS brings over dishes of the food he has cooked, and t Cay three of them eat with great relish while DREW contin play. . tN DREW stops, and they all sit silently.
2) 147) dialog: Oh, I guess not. But I can tell you. I’m glad we came. I'm damned glad. This is a great place to.be, right now..The greatest. They are relaxed, euphoric, except for LEWIS, He still ha an ear cocked for the voices of the night, the sounds of forest. He is watching out, he is ready. But this just makes the others more secure and easy.
2) 149) text: We didn't lose it, we sold it. (CONTINUED)
2) 155) dialog: (moving to the tent with a yawn) To say nothing of that nylon/kapok miracle - the sleeping bag. LEWIS has been standing a little apart from the others. N he raises his arm in a gesture which says keep still and quiet. They freeze in their stretching or stooping or cro ing postures and listen. The noises of the night amplify they strain to hear'- the creaks and cries, the sighing t all indecipherable to a blunt city ear. LEWIS is absolutely motionless, yet coiled up, ready to spring. The ease and well-being drains out of them as the forest comes threatening, full of menace, ‘ QO Suddenly LEWIS slips into the black woods, He makes no & and he is gone as though he never existed. | :
2) 157) dialog: (still apprehensive) i He knows the woods, though. He really does.
2) 161) text: my 35 (Cont.2) er ) ED (wryly) . Do you realize if it wasn't for this madman we'd all be home in bed with doors locked against the night.
2) 164) dialog: What was it, Lewis? LEWIS surveys the camp site, the firelight licking the lo tree shadows, He is very calm,
2) 169) dialog: Well, to the sleeping bags, men, LEWIS looks out over the river as though with some secret kmowledge.
2) 171) dialog: (with interest, but € \ . not a whole iot) md How was it? (CONTINUED )
2) 180) text: eo age a nterenain 35. eo, 37 (Cont. ) : : Cs, ED releases, But there is a quick but unmistakable kn that he has botched the shot, after all that preparation. His left hand, bow-hand, has jerked just as the shot went
2) 181) dialog: God damn it, He snatches loose another arrow from the bow-quiver, He draws again, The deer, which has evidently jumped a littl farther away, watches him, but the peep sight is swinging erratically, and doesn't frame the deer, but once or twic almost does, The bow twangs as ED releases, and the deer jumps and soundlessly vanishes. ED very deliberately throws the bow into a bush, just as golfer would toss a club,
2) 182) dialog: Well, that's that! He retrieves the bow, and starts down, noisily, awkwardly not looking out for deer any more, and then he is back at the tents. This mist is thinning out; it is by now almost gone, tw. 38, EXT. CAMP SITE DAY DREW is folding his bedroll. He laughs at the sight of ED and he calls into one of the tents for BOBBY,who is irrit dressing.
2) 186) dialog: Cc (digustedly) . I got a shot, (CONTINUED)
2) 193) dialog: I did, A spectacular miss at fifteen yards, I boosted my bow hand, like a god-damned idiot. I just exploded, I psyched out. Something said raise your hand, and I did,
2) 196) dialog: We're gonna sail on out. We'll take it-slow. LEWIS ts still packing gear into their canoe, while DREW douses the campfire. When they get out into midstream it becomes evident as to just how inept BOBBY is. He's in terrible shape physicall as he is unco-ordinated, he is unwilling, he is disagreea
2) 198) dialog: Ah, now. It's not all that bad!
2) 210) dialog: No, buddy. We won't. They are now getting awfully hot and tired, They finish t last two beers of the six-pack, BOBBY throws his can care lessly into the river, and ED carefully holds his underwa until it fills, and then lets it go down, ED keeps shifting around uncomfortably, trying to ease hi back, his right hip. He keeps running his tongue around i (CONTINUED)
2) 214) dialog: (looking backward for the other cance and not sesing it) I'm for that, Ws can wait for the others to catch up, Maybs they've got somé more beer, 4i. EXT, RESTING PLACE DAY They’ pull in and tis up to the bank, then climb out and down, reiieved to bs in the shade, BOBBY unties a hanker~ chief frem around his neck and leans down and sops it in river, He sits beside ED, and they both peer upriver,
2) 216) dialog: Probably ths same thing we are, Thsy'll bs along in a Little whils. BOBBY rubs at his face and neck with the handkerchief, ED gets up, ans tends dewn and tzuches his tces a couple of times to get the kinks cut, He peers ‘upriver once again, dcesn't se2 anything, then turns tack to say something to ‘ BOBBY,
2) 218) text: Befors his gaze coms: to rest on EOBBY, it stops on TWO M at the edge of the wocas, shadowy and very silent. One of them may have a gun; but this is not clear yet,
2) 225) text: If there were ever any degenerate red-necks, they are the two, One of them is about fifty-five, in overalls and a filthy work shirt. He has a mangy whitish beard. The othe one, the man with the gun, is younger, and his toothlessn should be the most obvious thing about him. He is not wea ing overalls, but just a ragged, dirty shirt and pants, T keep coming. The OLDER MAN comes up to ED, and gets himself ridiculous close, The faces are no more than four or five inches apa There is silence, while the man looks fiercely and ED tri -to think of something to say.
2) 227) dialog: (as matter-of-factly : as he can, Going down river. We've been going since yesterday, BEARDED MAN looks at TALL MAN, and something significant seems to pass between them,
2) 228) dialog: (trying desperately to tell his story) We hope we can get to Aintry some time late today or early tomorrow,
2) 232) dialog: (really startled and frightened now, but : : trying to bluff it out) é Why not?
2) 233) text: (CONTINUED)
2) 238) dialog: Where does it go?
2) 242) dialog: (resignedly) Well, we're going where the river's going. We'll come out somewhere, I reckon. a With a very slight move, the TALL MAN gets himself nearer to BOBBY.
2) 243) dialog: (trying to be as convincing and harmless and as full of good will toward strangers as he can) Hell, we sure don't want any trouble. If you've got a still near here, that's fine with us. We could never tell any- body where it is, because you know something? You're right. We don't kmow where we ares
2) 253) dialog: (as though the inter- view were over) We'd better get on with it. We've got a long ways to go.
2) 262) dialog: (indicating a tree with his raised hands) This one? ®
2) 266) text: Very deliberately the TALL MAN takes hold of the zipper t ED's coveralls, and, with a quick movement, like tearing ED apart, he zips it down to the belt with which ED is ti to the tree. .
2) 269) dialog: Cc (obviously terrified but \ : : trying to hold onto some- AD thing of himself, his pride) Not lately. What good would they do you?
2) 283) text: » BEARDED MAN (indicating Bobby's undershorts ) Them panties too, BOBBY takes off his shorts like a boy undressing for the first time in a gym.
2) 287) text: OC. 41 (Cont.6) . After they reorganise themselves for a moment, the TALL M and the BEARDED MAN, without. saying a word, turn from BO and advance with dreadful purpose toward the tree where E is tied. ED watches them come, step by step, the TALL MAN still with the gun. The BEARDED MAN goes around behind the tree. ED and the tree jerk violently, and ED suddenly falls free. He almos stumbles, but brings up quickly, for’ the gun-muzzle is j under his nose.
2) 289) dialog: (gasping, resigned to anything but having his head blown off) Some dogs, I suppose.
2) 298) dialog: (shaking his head in utter disbelief) Well. (CONTINUED )
2) 300) text: (from the ground, and still half in the bushes ) Lord God. Lord God. ED looks down at the BEARDED MAN. The silver of the alumi nium arrow-shaft and the fancy blue-and-silver marking of the white-feathered arrow stick out of his back. ED peers into the woods, swinging the half-lowered gun ba and forth, and nothing else happens. Then there is a faint stirring in the bushes. ED swings towards it. LEWIS comes cautiously forward, another arrow on the string, his ‘bow at the ready. He comes slowly int the clearing. DREW is behind him, holding a canoe paddle like a baseball bat. LEWIS walks out between ED and BOBBY, and looks down at t BEARDED MAN. He puts his bow-tip on a leaf and gazes at i about to say something.
2) 303) dialog: (not sure as all that) I suppose it was. I thought we'd had it. I tell you I did. I thought sure they'd kill us.
2) 318) dialog: (timorously ) Is he dead? LEWIS nods without looking up.
2) 322) dialog: (resignedly) That's once more than I have.
2) 323) text: BOBBY, comes up, fiery-faced and violated and with that vindictiveness that only the violated have. He shakes his head, his eyes murderously narrow.
2) 326) text: (patiently) All right, now. We've killed a man. Shot him in the back. And we not only killed a man, we killed a cracker, a mountain man. Let's consider what might happen.
2) 335) text: (CONTINUED )
2) 338) dialog: (making a tremendous effort to come to a de- eision, and not being able to God, I don't know. I really don't. DREW has now got his argument together. He is frightened, put he is sure of the position he wants to take, and spea with the decisiveness of a man who has to be right.
2) 347) dialog: (excited with hops but still doubtful) How? Where? LEWIS slowly and almost majestically raises his right han and extends his arm fully, then sweeps it in an all-embra gesture, over all the woods, all the trees, the whole wil ness,
2) 356) text: This registers powerfuily on ED. He tries not to look rou but can't heip himself. He cuts his eyea this way and tha almost superhumanly apprehensive and aiert. Then his eyes come back to LEWIS, and they see LEWIS standing, relaxed, leaning on his bow, apparently not worried at ali, in com plete charge of the situation. On seeing him this way, ED - looks deeply relieved. You would foilow LEWIS anywhere, now they realise that they are going to have to do just t © DREW (& We wouldn't be so hard to follow, NA dragging a corpse.
2) 368) text: LEWIS turns to ED as though piaying his trump card, which indeed he is.
2) 374) text: There is silence. LEWIS waits, confidently, DREW is grim and adamant, BOBBY is full of hatred, and ED is coming to the all-important decision.
2) 375) dialog: (leaning out so as to speak to Lewis around Drew) I'm with you. The spell of debate and decision-making is over. LEWIS gets down by the corpse again, all business this ti
2) 388) text: {conclusively} . OiKs The FOUR MEN shovel and scramble the dirt back into the g The body slowly being made to disappear under the four-pa volley of dirt and leaves, At last he is totally covered, and LEWIS smooths the leaf-mold over him. They are all lu crously kneeling before the grave. DREW looks intently at ED, as though his gaze were willin ED to do something before it gets to be too late.
2) 399) dialog: What's the plan, Lewis?
2) 400) text: (soothingly) Plan? Why we just paddle on down to Aintree, pick up those cars and go home. What else? The river is transformed for them, omincus and threatenin every dark opening in the trees a possible menace, every turn in the river a dangerous event. They jerk their from side to side; wild, hunted animal looks, ED and are together acain in the aluminium canoe while LEWIS BOBBY are in the heavy wooden one. ED and DREW get a ahead. ED brings his bow up close to him, ready. While all this is going on they have baen moving into gorge. The rosk-face rises and narrows in, ths sound river changes, reverberating, intensifying. heads
2) 404) text: (screaming at the top of his lungs) Let's go right down the middle. Give me some speed, baby} Something happens to DREW; it is impossible to tell what. shakes his head violently (but this might just be the can bumping on a rock) and his paddle is whirled out of his h by the river. He pitches over, or is thrown over or something. Whatever is, the canoe goes out of control. ED lets go of his padd and grabs for the bow at his feet as his last act before canoe overturns in the boiling, angry, murderous water. EXT. HE GREAT RAPIDS : Day ED is part of the river, turning over and over, banging o stones, sometimes out of the water and sometimes under it rushing along with unbelievable force. Momentarily he surfaces facing back up river as LEWIS and BOBBY founder helplessly on the first canoe. LEWIS and BOBBY spill out on opposite sides, and the two canoes roil over and over each other like iogs, until the wooden canoe bursts open on a rock. ED struggies desperately with the water, trying to get hi feet forward of him. After several attemps, he succeeds, body elongates in the river. He has the bow, and he begin to slither over moss-covered rocks on his back. He hits t back of his head on one big rock, but then seems to get t hang of it. There is a curious look of pained pleasure on his face as he slides along, still alive. (CONTINUED)
2) 408) text: A deeper turmoil of water sucks him under, despite the li jacket. : Then the last of the ravids are ahead, and ED goes over t over a last big rock and down into calm water. EXT. POOL AT BASE OF GORGE ‘ DAY ED floats, cradling the bow, in the slow water below the falls: he is a tiny figure, idly turning in the aftermath of the furious white water, down between the enormous win of the gorge~sides. He lies back in his life-jacket as though on a bed. He is groggily trying to assess his situation. He grimaces with pain, and lifts his left hand out of the water. He has ho of the arrows in the bow-quiver by the arrowheads themsel He lets go, and his palm is washed with blood. ED clumsily tries to rearrange himself in the water: tryi to get into position to look upstream at the last of the rapids he has just come down, trying to look for the othe He keeps looking at the last rocks of the rapids, but can see no sign of life. A man flops over the rocks of the white water, completely out of control, and he recognizes after a bit, that it is BOBBY. BOBBY starts to splash his way to the side. Through no fault of his own, unhurt. Soon LEWIS is spewed out of the rapids, one hand holding his paddle and the other over hi face. LEWIS writhes and twists in the water. ED moves towards him. LEWIS i (against the river- sound) My leg's broke. It feels like it broke off.
2) 409) dialog: Hold on to me. (CONTINUED)
2) 415) dialog: Was that it? Something happened. But T don't know. Shit, Lewis, what a mess you got us in to.
2) 417) dialog: Let's try -and find Drew. He wades back into the water with that special revulsion that it takes to get back into cold water once you have l it. BOBBY follows him.
2) 419) dialog: He says. They. swim about somewhat aimlessly for a moment or two, something comes tumbling down the rapids. They both see i 7 and it awakes hope in them. ¢ , . (CONTINUED)
2) 427) dialog: Drew! Drew! The SOUND echoes against the walls of the gorge. The aluminium canoe, half-buried in water is slowly circl in an eddy. They push it into shore and ED finds a broken paddle too, They continue their conversation in an atmosp of strange unreality as they swim and then climb out of t water,
2) 428) dialog: I think he means to pick the rest of us off tomorrow,
2) 430) dialog: That's what I'd do. Wouldn't you? They stand now, dripping wet, looking out at the water.
2) 431) dialog: If Lewis is right, and I think he is, that toothless bastard drew down on us while we were lining up to go through the rapids, He killed the first man in the first boat. Next would have been me. Then you.
2) 433) dialog: Right, Lucky. Very lucky. They stand together without saying anything for a moment.
2) 437) dialog: (points up) What is he going to do? ED turns and leans down towards LEWIS with sudden angry vehemence.
2) 438) dialog: Well, Lewis, what will he do, huh? LEWIS makes no sign of having heard. He is locked in his But on his contorted face could be an almost sphinxlike s ED turns back to BOBBY, recovering his control as quickly he lost it,
2) 440) dialog: I'm thinking we better believe he's up there.
2) 442) dialog: We're caught in this gorge. He can't come down here, but the only way out of this place for us is down the river, We can't run out of here at night, and when we move in the morning he'll be up there waiting.
2) 444) dialog: (shouting) Lewis! You got us into this. What do we do now? You're the guy with the answers, LEWIS arches his back in some private spasm in the inpene world of his pain, (CONTINUED)
2) 445) text: errr mere ra er 6h. CO 49 (Cont.1) ep You're ruined, useless...broken. You fucking fraud. The invective brings LEWIS back to the surface of his ago He turns his head up and focusses his mad eyes on ED.
2) 448) dialog: (with a kind of secret certainty) If he knows where we are, then we know sure as hell where he'll be. Right up there! He stretches his arm upwards, but does not follow it with CF y) eyes. Very much the sort of gesture LEWIS would hav
2) 450) dialog: Except we've ‘got one big card.
2) 452) dialog: He thinks we can't get at him, And if we can, we can kill him.
2) 454) dialog: With a knife or a bow. Or with our bare hands, if we have to,
2) 456) dialog: (CONTINUED )
2) 461) dialog: Then that makes it simple, doesn't it?
2) 465) dialog: Listen, you son-of-a-bitch. You go up there and kill him, BOBBY is shaking, comsumed with fear.
2) 467) dialog: eee just what? (CONTINUED )
2) 469) text: iC) (leoks down, Se shakes his head) It's just that I don't.want to die, I really don't. ED walks over and gets the bow, and strings it. He takes one of the two arrows, tests it for straightness, then do same with the other,
2) 470) dialog: I've got one good arrow and another one that's crooked as a pretzel. But I won't get but one shot anyway. BOBBY stands without saying anything, and ED crouches dow beside LEWIS, who is grinding the back of his head into t sand, in pain.
2) 477) dialog: (rising) Pure survival.
2) 479) dialog: (getting ready to set out) Yes. You told me,
2) 488) dialog: (mumbling profoundly) ‘What a view. What a view, (CONTINUED)
2) 489) text: 50 (Cont.) - 51. 68. He lies watching the river intently. ED has leaned out to see the view better and almost falls bow slithers over the side and he just manages to save it jerks back, Slowly he feels the crevice above his head, a around the top of it, to see what's there. Painfully he b to get himself together once more: to climb, He gets a hold....a fairly good hold....on something and himself upward out of the crevice. He climbs in a kind of trance, his fingers like independent beings crawl over th surface hauling the body after them. He is so high over the river that the scene is both aweso and ridiculous. He is still inching up, and up, and up. The cliff is not as steep as it was: things are going bet ED begins to crawl on his knees, He slithers and wriggles upward, and the sound of his breath is like that of a man sees that he might after all be able to do what he's tryi do: might be able to do it, and probably will. There is 6 kind of rage of incredible belief and joy in ED's breathi it is almost bestial, : He looks up, and the enormously intense moon is right in face, coming down through a crack in the rock, He makes f the crack, gets into it, rises from his knees, stumbles f among rocks and bushes, sobbing with relief, He looks down at his feet, amazed to discover he can walk
2) 501) text: Sk (Cont. ) The verticsl rectangle of the peep sight on.the string wa back... just as it did when ED hunted the deer. He holds full draw, fighting to control the trembling that racks h whole body.
2) 502) text: He adjusts the peep sight up and down, right and left, un little by little, in the wavering peep sight, the MAN is Then with a shock, ED notices what THE MAN is doing: he i getting the gun ready, and his eyes are following ED's tr straight to the tree. They reach the tree, and slowly beg to rise from the ground. In a moment he is going to be lo up through the tunnel into ED's face, With a kind of strangled cry ED releases, The peep~sight away. Then all hell breaks loose. Thé whole tree shakes violently, as though a giant ax nad struck it and at the same time there is a tremendous expl as the gun goes off in what had been utter silent concent Then ED is falling through the tree, branches slapping at turning, whirling about him. He cries out then crashes to ground with tremendous impact. He is on the ground without his bow, not knowing quite wh happened, shaken, terrified. He tries to move, Ee cri out in pain, startingly, and as though he is discovering that has broken a leg, a rib, or something else. He raises his head, cautiously.
2) 504) text: He sees THE MAN with the gun staggering towards him, THE fires the gun at the tree, up into the branches, Then he stops, swaying a little and looks right into ED's face, H raises the gun to shoot again but fires into the ound jus in front of his feet, At the same moment, ED dus: down, terrified, He crawls a few feet and after a moment carefu raises his heed again,
2) 506) text: THE MAN is on his knees. He is turned sideways revealing the first time the arrow, almost its whole length, coming the back of his throat. It waggles horribly behind him, H is retching and the violence of his retching shakes the a loose, and it falls from him, ED watches with horrified fascination,
2) 507) text: Die} My Godi Die, die! ED puts his head back down and is still, apparently uncon Then he slowly raises himself to do something, but this t Q is not to look at the dying man, but at himself. \ He looks down at his side and it has an arrow sticking 2 it. Still attached to the arrow by the lower part of th quiver, is the broken bow, (CONTINUED }
2) 514) text: ED follows the blood, rock by rock: following the blood spoor like a dog would. He moves on, stone by stone, leaf by leaf, irregularly stopping sometimes to search, then finding the blood agai and going on. His head low down, he is startled to suddenly come upon t rifle. It is long and flat and old. Oddly, it is a repeating rif rather than a shuck-action. ED touches it. He goes on, past the gun, and into a canopy of leaves, Here, it is harder to find the blood. He looks at bushes, at the leaves on bushes individually, at pinestraw, at sm pebbles, Back and forth, Finally he finds one drop, and this. one drop draws him further on, deeper in.
2) 516) dialog: Oh no} Oh NO! (CONTINUED )
2) 517) text: co 73. 55 (Cont.) 56. The MAN's mouth if full of yellow teeth, Shaken and fascinated, ED ‘gets down on one knee with the knife in his hand, Shuddering, he holds the MAN's head an pries at his upper gum with the knife, and an upper plate begins to slide from it. As soon as this is established, turns the knife and drives the false teeth back into the mouth, ED takes the knife into his hand again. A low growl comes from him. This is a moment balanced between infinite possibilities: ED could do anything at this point, He has the face of a primitive man. His features are transformed by extreme effort and lack of sleep. He looks savage. ED's breath again, harsh and loud, Into the breath comes some kind of crazy melody, maybe something of the Beatles something identifiable, There is also some suggestion of an advertising jingle: one of these inescapable tunes fro our daily life,
2) 518) dialog: King Size Coke has more for you... King Size Coke has more for you... ED's eyes are truly maniacal as he continues te sing and crazily. Shaken by his own incipient violence, ED fumbles the knif back into the case, He takes hold of THE MAN and tries to get him up on his shoulders in the old fireman's carry fr Boy Scout days, Finally he gets up with THE MAN: ard svar back. through the cathedral woods, with the wind blowing lightly through the trees and the sunspots dancing on the ground, The weather is pleasant and bright: eariy morning spring. ED staggers through the bushes with THE MAN on his back, is barely making it, but he is making it. They tear throu small boughs of rhododendrons, Finally they break through the last screen of the woods and move slowly back into th clearing, Ed puts the MAN down at almost the exact spot where he shot him, collapsing with him, They both lie per fectly still side by side, indistinguishable, one creatur
2) 520) text: The 56 (Cont. ) . . face: This is the thing that saved all their lives, but mainly his own life.
2) 521) text: Then the spell breaks, and ED-steps deliberately to the cliff top and pitches the bow over the side. It falls awa ED steps back beside the dead MAN and takes stock. He begins to uncoil the rope, and it is evident that he has quite a lot of it. ED ties the rope under the arms of the dead MAN and walks over and ties the other end to a tree growing at almost t very edge of the cliff. He goes back to THE BODY and hauls it to the edge of the eliff, takes up the slack in the rope with his hands, and kicks and shoves the body over the cliff with his feet. ED races back and strains to let THE BODY down, arm dover arm, : It goes hard, ED sweats and strains, tries to take a turn of rope around his body, finds he can't do it, lets the BODY down foot by foot, He backs up and braces himself against the tree, working harder than he's ever worked in his life, The coil of rope wears siowly... very slowly away at ED's feet.
2) 522) text: Finally, at long last, all the rope is gone, and ED steps away from the tree, trying to get his hands unclenched, H wrings his hands up and down like someone who's touched a hot stove, trying to get the circulation back into them. He goes to the edge and looks down, then gets down on his knees at the cliffside and takes hold of the rope with bo hands,
2) 523) text: He gets his feet over the edge and starts down on the rop letting himself down hand over hand, straining and hurtin but going down well enough. He scrambles against the clif face with his feet, finding footholds, BOBBY, hearing something, wades out into the river to loo up at ED and THE CORPSE swinging on the rope. It is evident that ED is almost completely exhausted. He goes d toward where the CORPSE dangles below. He is almost there ED stops to rest on a little ledge. THE CORPSE is about t C or fifteen feet under him, swinging moodily in the bree from the river, spinning idly, knocking against the cliff face, :
2) 526) text: 75.6 56 (Cont.1) Oo. ED sits, holding the rope. He is still about fifty fe ( from the river, and he is evidently figuringwhat to dc. st where he sits he can see even LEWIS lying in the botto the canoe, LEWIS's position is terribly twisted looking a unnatural, He has his hand over his face, BOBBY stands watching. On the ledge, ED looks at his free hand, flexing the fing He slides off the ledge and starts down again. ED is almost on top of THE CORPSE. He hangs there for a moment, looking down, trying to figure what to do. Suddenly it is as though the film had broken, but what ha really happened is that the rope has broken. There is an instant of pure blackness, then the sky and the river and gorge turn haphazardly and idly about each other, There i a muffled yell, The yell is suddenly cut off, and ED is i another world, It is green and quiet, underwater, ED finds himself inter twined with the CORPSE whose limbs move under the water w uncanny animation. It is as though the man were trying to embrace ED or drown him, He fights free, Cocked to one si of the pervading green is a suffused yellow area, and QO gradually ED approaches this. As he gets closer to it, ; sees that it is something like a submerged sun, waverin Ceo expanding. In fact, it is the sun, and it explodes in face as ED's head comes clear of the water,
2) 539) dialog: (not absolutely sure, but fairly sure) Yes, I think so. It's got to be. He had a gun.
2) 541) dialog: He was in the right place at the right time, No; it's got to be him. BOBBY suddenly catches a glimpse of ED's injury.
2) 543) dialog: (resignedly) I fell out of the tree onto my other arrow, .
2) 552) dialog: (quietly) Is it Drew?
2) 554) dialog: Let's go to him,
2) 558) dialog: (beckoning to Bobby without looking in his direction) Bobby, come here, There's something we've got to decide about. BOBBY reaches ED, and ED points down at something concern THE CORPSE. They hang on the rock, panting and gasping. ED . Is this a gunshot wound?
2) 560) dialog: (evidently touching some- thing on the corpse) What about this place, though? Something hit him in the head. But whether this place ‘killed him or not I don't know. ( CONTINUED )
2) 565) dialog: Lewis would know, Let's give him a look. They drag DREW's body to the gunwale of the canoe. They put DREW's head up over the gunwale so that LEWIS can hav a close look at the back and side of it. ED sinks down until his head is exactly on the same level as DREW's,
2) 566) dialog: (softly) Lewis, LEWIS is either dead or sleeping or passed out,
2) 567) dialog: (softly but urgently) Lewis, give us just a second, It's important. It's very important.
2) 568) text: LEWIS raises his head and opens his eyes. ED holds DREW's head in a gentle grasp, turning it slight and with the other hand pointing to the place he wants LEWIS to look at, ED. Lewis, was he shot? Did a bullet make this?
2) 570) dialog: (more urgently) Well, was he shot? Was he, Lewis? ( CONTINUED )
2) 573) text: 59 (Cont.2) Slowly LEWIS brings his eyes from DREW's head to ED's eyes, and stares into them. They stare at each other.
2) 581) dialog: We're going to sink him in this river. Forever.
2) 588) dialog: Listen, we can't explain somebody killed with a rifle.
2) 590) dialog: That's right: if he was.
2) 592) dialog: You were the best of us, Drew, ED undoes DREW's life jacket, and throws it into the cano He nods to BOBBY. . (CONTINUED )
2) 602) dialog: (Afraid to believe what he's hearing) Bobby, I think I hear rapids. I know I do.
2) 604) dialog: God. God, do something for us. They go into the turn, and the weter is getting vicious. ED and BOBBY work with the stream, doing whet they can. The sound is now tremendous, Spray is flying around the canoe. Coming off the turn, there sre rapids as far as the eye c see, seething, raging, tumultous with the very power of t universe itself. BOBBY simply flings his half-paddle eway and gets ready t die, his hands over his face,
2) 605) dialog: (to Bobby) Get down! Get down! BOBBY drops back off his seat, holding onto the gunwales with both hands, riding right into the teeth of the white water. (CONTINUED )
2) 609) dialog: (shouts) : Hold on, boys! We're going home! It becomes evident that this whole set of rapids culminat ina fall-off of about six feet. In other words, if they can get through this, they're out of danger, at least fro this particuler set of rapids. They ride up to the fall-off, looking at it with horrifie fascination. They go up, and the canoe is flying ~ it has leapt out of the river. It comes down with terrific impact. It almost capsizes, but doesn't. And there it is.
2) 611) text: Right here is where it all happened. BOBBY turns around - as much as he can = and stares as though a ssvage or a madman had spoken. He has no notion of what ED means. (CONTINUED)
2) 615) text: ‘ED Look. Somebody is going to ask us things. We'd better get our story straight. When you get asked, tell ‘em that right here is where Drew fell out and Lewis broke his leg. This is where we lostthe other canoe.
2) 618) dialog: Lewis. Lewis. Do you hear ne, buddy? LEWIS makes no movement, but lies as still as ever. His face is badly sunburned, his lips cracked. It is somethin of a shock when he speaks.
2) 620) text: ED is distrubed by LEWIS's stillness. Jt is as though he has passed across some threshold to the calm edge of deat
2) 621) dialog: Can you hold out a little longer?
2) 623) dialog: There can't be too far to go now.
2) 625) dialog: ut D It's a farm! We're here! We made itd ( CONTINUED )
2) 633) dialog: We did it.
2) 635) dialog: (proudly, but with conviction) No. (pause) We did it. There is that special bond between them that comes from having been through hell together. The land is domesticated, pastoral, pleasant.
2) 637) dialog: I'm going to get help, Lewis. You'll be out of there in no time. ED turns and painfully limps up the slope to the road.
2) 648) dialog: (looking up) Now... Yes «oo Not exacly. THE BOY stands there hopelessly confused.
2) 649) dialog: Is there a phone here?
2) 651) dialog: A telephone,
2) 653) text: Ln re emer 87. AS 66 (Cont.) wa - DRIVER 67. i (end in his. voice is the quiet marvellous reassurance that Ed needs more than he needs anything else in the world) Wnat in the world happened to you, man? What in this world? He helps ED to his feet. Through the window is the ambula drawn up by the pumps. ED shakes his head.
2) 654) dialog: Not me. There's another guy. He's hurt bad.
2) 665) text: I got to get these men to the hospital, officer. He closes the door on ED and LEWIS and BOBBY's answer to THE OFFICER is cut off. ED watches through the window as BOBBY soundlessly exnlains to the PATROLMAN. The ambulanc pulls away as BOBBY leads the OFFICER over to inspect the canoe.
2) 667) dialog: It's beautiful. Beautiful. A DOCTOR has been scrubbing his hands in s basin. He turn now, wiping them dry.
2) 669) dialog: Oh, chromium, paper tissues, a tap full of hot water, everything. Using something from a bottle, THE DOCTOR gets off ED's bandage.
2) 671) dialog: Did it myself with an arrow.
2) 676) dialog: Iwill, I will. A brisk, aproned WOMAN of 60 opens the screen door on the sagging porch before he gets up the steps,
2) 685) dialog: Come in. BOBBY comes through the door dressed in a set of new clot jeans, a workshirt, brogans. He has another similar set over his arm. ED sits up,wincing, as BOBBY puts the outfit on the bed.
2) 687) dialog: Are the stores open? What time ’ QO is it? as BOBBY
2) 688) text: Aften ten. Listen, Ed. (lowers his voice) A guy's been here asking sbout the ~ canoes.
2) 689) dialog: (quickening) What guy? What about the canoes? ED sits up straight on the bed.
2) 691) dialog: What did you tell him? Wd : (CONTINUED)
2) 695) dialog: Christ, what do we do now?
2) 697) dialog: (with desperate reasonableness) I think so, We have to try. How this? We spilled twice. The first time we lostthe canoe and Lewis broke his leg. And at CQ this last falls we tipped over , again and lost Drew.
2) 699) dialog: Good, Good. |
2) 702) dialog: Tell him... that he misread you: - that you never said it. I'll back Oo you up. . é) (CONTINUED)
2) 708) dialog: (also whispering now) Hell, you're right. Let's go to him. ED desperately pulls on the rest of his new clothes. They ere both ceught in a sudden uncontrollable penic. BOBBY kneels down and ties ED's boot laces. It is a good posture for 4 prayer,
3) 0) text: BOBBY and ED sit nervously on the edge of the seat, in their new anonymous clothes, as the grimy cab hauls them through Aintry. The DRIVER throws off the odd bit of information of local interest, figuring them as tourists. BOBBY, sitting right behind the DRIVER clenches his fists like a jockey urging .on a horse and mimes 'Come on.!
3) 11) dialog: Just fine, Doc, thanks to you. We're anxious to see how our friend is getting along. ED starts to shuffle past him, BOBBY at his heels..
3) 15) dialog: Have you been talking to him?
3) 17) text: Ihe i) 75 (Cont.) (> Before anyone can say anything ED walks down to the be Nd He smiles at the OTHER PATROLMAN.
3) 18) dialog: (softly) Lewis. Are you awake? LEWIS opens his eyes and looks at ED with just the suggestion of a wink. He has obviously been shamming sleep.
3) 19) dialog: How you feeling?
3) 22) dialog: it killed Drew, Lewis. a
3) 24) dialog: (quickly cutting in) eeoeHOw couid you, lying in the canoe with your leg broken? LEWIS's eye flickers with the old gamesmanship, catching Q on.
3) 31) dialog: Four in one canoe? In those rapids{ That gorge was bad enough where you got hit. But these mothers} THE PATROLMAN has been listening closely. Now he senses something going on.
3) 35) dialog: . Sure. Sit down.
3) 37) dialog: We started Friday, at about four o'clock in the afternoon. (CONTINUED)
3) 41) dialog: Right.
3) 43) dialog: No, a long ways upstream. When we came through here, we were all in one canoe, They sit watching the searchers: the men, some of them waistdeep in the river, working with their grapples. One of the MEN in the river calls to another, as though he ha found something. He shows an object.
3) 48) dialog: Ask him again, or the one in the hospital.
3) 50) dialog: (with real indignation) What the hell are you driving at?
3) 57) dialog: (since he's ready for this) So what? I told you we lost the other one farther up. Back up in a gorge. I.can take you and show you where it was.
3) 59) dialog: That's your problem. Look: what in God's name is this all about, anyway? . (pause) Are you the Sheriff here?
3) 61) dialog: Where's the Sheriff?
3) 63) dialog: Can you tell me what this man of ‘ yours is getting at? He seems to think we threw one of our party in the river, or something.
3) 65) dialog: For Christ's sake, for what reason?
3) 70) dialog: What do you mean, what about it? This man's just confused. Maybe he doesn't like city people. God knows what his game is.
3) 73) dialog: You better believe I'm sure.
3) 76) dialog: (turning with equal | violence on Queen) Listen, you little bastard. Maybe your brother-in-law killed somebody. Why are you bringing in all this talk abcut kiliing?
3) 86) dialog: Just let us know if you find anything.
3) 89) text: Got the keys here. At that moment, SHERIFF BULLARD cruises slowly up and stops. They are just getting into the cars, and they are obliged to get out again, rather awkwardly.
3) 92) text: OQ 77 (Cont.) / ED () Thought we would, yes. The SHERIFF ciimps out of his car, comes over and looks at them with his own special look; very penetrating, but amused and detached.
3) 97) dialog: O I think there was, yes. = The SHERIFF nods with a look that could mean everything a nothing. They are not sure if they can go. They start t move to the cars again,
3) 99) dialog: (over his shoulder) Ask away,
3) 101) dialog: We had an extra one.
3) 102) text: 7 ; You had an extra one? i) (CONTINUED)
3) 106) dialog: (very sure, and look- ing him in the eye) Yes, we did. - The SHERIFF probes them hard with his eyes, but the amusement is still there.
3) 108) dialog: What was it you wanted to tell me?
3) 110) dialog: (with a half-smile) You don't have to worry about that. (pauses) You act like you're telling a hired gun to get out of town. But we're all bow and arrow men. The SHERIFF smiles lazily, dangerously, a cat pawing two a caught mice, .
3) 113) dialog: , So long. And I hope Deputy Queen finds his brother-in-law.
4) 0) text: The light rain is mottling the river. He gets out of the car and looks at the canoe which has been pulled well up on the bank and turned over; Some muddy CHILDREN are Playing near it. : ED runs his hands up and down the battered hull. It has taken « terrific beating, there are gouged out dents in the metal and only streaky remnants of paint. ED's attenticn is attracted by some kind of activity across the river, Behind the trees and bushes he makes out a cemetery. ED speaks to a little girl. i
4) 1) dialog: What is it? A funeral?