0) 6) dialog: It happens. LEWIS takes ED's place, knocking an arrow. ED shakes his head disgusted.
0) 7) dialog: Draw hysteria, You eithsr conquer it and make it work for you, or it destroys you as-an archer. LEWIS draws, holding the bow high and bringing it down on (« to the target, revealing a glimpse of an awesome bicep 7, He is confident, calm, mystical. ED's look is amused, affectionate, but definitely impressed. LEWIS shoots an arrow beautifully, rhythmically, with a perfect tranquil follow-through. He finishes and the TWO MEN walk towards the target re- vealing themselves fully for the first time, also the ran Field archery is ‘something like golf, a series of target at different distances set amongst trees and brush. This one has been artifically developed on wasteland in the eity itself. It is a little patch of wild woods hemmed in on one side by an elevated freeway, on the others, by railway sidings and indeterminate industrial buiidings. The targets are pinned to bales of straw and this one is in the shape of a paper deer, They examine their shots and pull out the arrows, The paper deer and the city looming over them makes the archery seem very tame, a fai echo of what it once meant to hunters and warriors. LEWIS straightens up as though suddenly aware of this, looking round at the range with some contempt, his power~ ful chest framed against the freeway.
0) 12) dialog: (intoning it) The Cahulawassee River! Wait till you see it, Ed. I tell you, it's wild and beautiful. He speaks softly, his voice hypnotic, He looks off into the distance as though he can see the river and ED follow his eyeline towards the city that is lighting up for the night.
0) 13) dialog: When you get that white water under you, things change, and all of this is washed away. Then breaking off, moving away, he says mockingly over hi shoulder.
0) 14) dialog: And they've got deer up there, Ed, and they're made of meat instead of paper. ED follows him, laughing.
0) 17) dialog: (plausible and persuasive) There's nothing to it. We leave Friday morning at first light and we'll be back on Sunday in time to catch the last half of the TV pro game.
0) 24) dialog: Sure, It’s the second best sen- sation in. the world. They start up a spiral of steps, up to street level, The impression is of rivers of peopie flowing above them, below them, around them.
0) 25) text: (poking fun at Lewis) The Vanishing Wilderness, huh?
0) 26) dialog: (relentless) This is, When the dam at Aintry is finished, the water'1ll back up and the river's going to disappear for ever, It!s our last chance to see it,
0) 57) dialog: (softly) The sun’s coming up. Up north the water’s running.
0) 61) text: eo - 13 (Cont. ) : C 7 BOBBY emerges from it with ED. They climb into the ca . LEWIS spurts away as thougn they have robbed a bank. BO is bleary-eyed, his hair unkempt. He slumps into the back LEWIS frowns at him through the rear-view mirror,
0) 64) dialog: He had to fix something at his bottling plant at the last minute. I never hr , thought getting four guys out of this NW city could be so tough.
0) 66) dialog: eooe the old wheres. 1h. INT, SOFT-DRINK BOTTLING PLANT DAY A low modern factory, no windows, Thousands of bottles je along conveyor belts, being washed, filled, capped and pa LEWIS, “ED and BOBBY lounge around watching while DREW fi with diais on an electronics control panei, The pliant is totally automated,
0) 75) dialog: Ey Well, I think the machine is going {\ . to fail, :
0) 77) dialog: The machines are going to fail and the pciiticai systems are going to fail, And if they don't peopie are going to smash them down, “ED And what then - LEWis Then itis gcing so come dewn to who can survive and whe can't, when the lights gc out and the tabs are dry. Survival, And there they stand, four men in the middie of a convuls forest of botties.
1) 0) text: LEWIS is driving. He holds the wheel at the top with his hands crossed and his arms at full stretch, tensing | him against the seat,
1) 1) dialog: ees. the human body. That's the one thing you can't fake. No way.
1) 3) dialog: We took the wrong road. It's a blind alley, believe me. It can't last. It can't support its own weight,
1) 5) dialog: Everything's so fucked up, so complicated... I wouldn't mind if it all fell apart and we started over.... And you know where I'd go? Ce Right where we're going now. It's : basic. It's real, (CONTINUED)
1) 12) dialog: And apart from ssrewing, they're bad news, right? But what happens when the city insulates you from these things? ED has had enough. He sinks back in his seat.
1) 14) dialog: I know what it does to you, Ed. ED looks at him sharply.
1) 15) dialog: City life is killing you. (he pauses for effect). It's boring you to death. You're rotting. . ‘ ED is shaken, penetrated. He glares at LEWIS,
1) 17) dialog: Insanity. I'm scared of going Crazy.
1) 20) dialog: Ed, deer! : (CONTINUED )
1) 31) dialog: 
1) 34) dialog: Look. Ist me ask you something.
1) 38) dialog: Television?
1) 40) dialog: No, Can you find us somebody to drive these two cars down to Aintry?
1) 42) dialog: (giving up and turning to Ed) Oh, shit, (then to the old man) Fill ‘em up, will you? _The OLD MAN takes the hose and with some clattering push it into DREW's car, They get out and stretch their limbs and sniff the alien air, LEWIS spreads out his map on the hood and bends over it. The OLD MAN finds himself staring through the car's back window at DREW's guitar. He jerks his head back over his shoulder,
1) 48) text: ( Come on, Mister,. Play us a little something. DREW looks over to the others for guidance, especially to LEWIS, but they avoid his eyes, thoroughly confused. LEWIS turns abruptly and felds his-map noisily. DREW winds down the back windcw and takes out the guitar. LONNIE follows DREW ciozeiy, holding the banjo in whateve position DREW assumes with his guitar. His cross eyes are evident and rather endearing. He is innocent and ready. DREW smiles at him, starts to tunes his guitar, setting h finger picks, LONNIE follows him, dragging a homemade capo up the neck of his banjo.
1) 49) text: {gentiy, softiy) Whet are we going to play, Lonnis? Ths OLD MAN is moving across.to LEWIS's car, juddering th hose into the tank with his trembiing-hands.
1) 68) dialog: We've got tc get water under us.
1) 70) text: Oree hes patered out into an occasional streggiy building LEWIS spets a dilapidated garage ahead on the road, There is a rough wooden house attached +c it and a sign readin, GRINER BROTHERS GARAGE, The two cars pull in, There 213 n one about.
2) 0) text: The whole place is almost drowning in the trees and weeds around it, LEWIS leaps out of the car and knocks impatien on the door of the house which is half-open. ED climbs ou and dutifully joins him, but BOBBY and DREW remain in the car laughing soundlessly behind their windshield. Through the open door a sliver of the house is visible, a picture of Jesus, a few beercans on the floor and in the deep shadows of the room an old woman is just visible in silouette, A strange trick of light illuminates one of he eyes, The eye and its pouch of aged skin seems to hang in dependently in space, unconnected to a body,
2) 3) dialog: (pointing towards the garage) Sounds like he's in there. They move to the front door of the garage, but it is padlocked, LEWIS quickly threads a way to the rear of the garage thr a depressing wasteland of rusted farm implements, twisted cars, abandoned pistonless engines. At the back of the garage they find a door sagging open. The sound of metal is much louder as it comes through the opening. Without any hesitation at all, LEWIS plunges into the dar ness of the garage, He is gone before ED makes up his min to follow him, but he does, and goes in toc, Fora moment, there is nothing but the junky back of the garage, and th sound of metal being pounded. renee ern
2) 10) dialog: Can we do anything?
2) 17) dialog: 
2) 21) dialog: We want to take a canoe trip down the Cahulawassee, and we'd like for our cars to be at Aintry when we get there. day after tomorrow.
2) 23) dialog: That's right. A canoe trip.
2) 25) dialog: (firmly) Because it's there, This is for ED, and LEWIS throws him a look.
2) 33) dialog: (to Griner) . Well, can you do it? Wetll give you thirty dollars,
2) 35) dialog: (calmly and deliberately, and very distinctly) Fifty, my ass. LEWIS moves directly up to GRINER in what is quite obviou a challenge to GRINER to do something physical, if he's o a mind to, ED pulls at LEWIS's arm.
2) 38) dialog: (turning finally to Ed) Are you good for ten? ED hands a note to LEWIS who passes it on to GRINER with some others. .
2) 46) dialog: It's all fixed. The others follow LEWIS and hang about him uncertainly by his car. .
2) 48) dialog: It's 0.K, BOBBY is about to go on, but looks up and stops. The othe also become circumspect and in the foreground the huge ar and chests ‘of the GRINER BROTHERS cross towards their ru down pick-up truck followed by the eyes of the city men. The pick-up truck pulls out and in the cab, besides the BROTHERS, there is quite definitely a THIRD MAN. His features are in shadow, there is just a suggestion of a figure in a baseball cap - and nothing more,
2) 52) dialog: (scornfully) Hell, we know ‘bout where it is. Just ahead LEWTS sees a suggestion of a dirt road going o to the left. He slews She car round on to it. The car jaws end bumps badiy. ED tries not to look apprehensive without quite succeeding. LEWIS bumps and bangs down into a kind of hollow where th road gives out. Nothing 1s there but the rock-chimney of a burned down ho (CONTINUED)
2) 57) dialog: Well, we screwed up, sure enough,
2) 59) dialog: You're missing the whole point, Ed. He hurls the car around on full lock and claws back to th road where the truck and the other car wait. As LEWIS comes alongside the pick-up, GRINER leans out of his cab.
2) 61) dialog: We'll get there.
2) 63) dialog: Land's been sawmilled. Map shows an old logging road.
2) 68) dialog: Listen! They keep perfectly still for a moment, swallowed in the dark green belly of the forest. Unmistakably, the sound of running water. LEWIS grins and his grin widens as the sound seems to gro LEWIS is himself again.
2) 69) dialog: | You have to get lost before you can find it, ! They clamber out, LEWIS leaping, ED rather apprehensively
2) 71) text: Plenty. Watch where you put your OQ feet. & ED catches a glimpse of himself in the rear window of t \ station wagon, where the dark equipment inside makes th window more like a mirror. He buckles on his Army web belt with the big knife on it and the coil of green nylon rope. He pulls a wry face at himself which is meant to self- mocking, as though he were putting himself on by acting t way, wearing these clothes, being here in the woods, ED looks around for LEWIS, and doesn't find him. He looks in this direction, then that. Finally he sees LEWIS momen tarily further down the slope. ED scrambles after him - squeamishly, as though afraid of getting his tennis shoes dirty, he crowhops, dodging the pools of water, over to where LEWIS is peering at somethi through a drapery of bushes and willows.
2) 79) dialog: There it is. The real thing.
2) 83) dialog: What's got you. -
2) 93) text: — They'll be there. Don't worry about a thing. LEWIS drives the canoe out with long sweeps while BOBBY holds his paddle uncertainly.
2) 109) dialog: (to Bobby, and a little impatiently) Let me do it! Take your paddle out of the’ water and I'll bring it around. -He doesn't though, Just as the bow is beginning to swing downstrream, they drift on to a couple of big rocks and h there. LEWIS hunches in his seat, trying to get the canoe off the rocks that way, doesn't succeed, then steps out i the water, which comes up to his thigh. He rights the can by brute force just as ED and DREW come alongside. They move into the lead and LEWIS clambers back in and sets of again.
2) 138) dialog: Yeah, I do. I'm afraid if we go any farther the banks might begin to get . ' _, 600 high for us to get out on, & »
2) 146) dialog: (in what is for him a soft voice) You know, we donit have too many more years for:this kind of thing.
2) 165) dialog: Humans, They were watching us. Cay DREW Did you catch up with them?
2) 166) dialog: No.
2) 185) dialog: (nodding at bow) What about it, buddy?
2) 192) dialog: (straightening) You did? -
2) 194) dialog: Well; that's too bad. We could'a had meat. :
2) 300) text: (from the ground, and still half in the bushes ) Lord God. Lord God. ED looks down at the BEARDED MAN. The silver of the alumi nium arrow-shaft and the fancy blue-and-silver marking of the white-feathered arrow stick out of his back. ED peers into the woods, swinging the half-lowered gun ba and forth, and nothing else happens. Then there is a faint stirring in the bushes. ED swings towards it. LEWIS comes cautiously forward, another arrow on the string, his ‘bow at the ready. He comes slowly int the clearing. DREW is behind him, holding a canoe paddle like a baseball bat. LEWIS walks out between ED and BOBBY, and looks down at t BEARDED MAN. He puts his bow-tip on a leaf and gazes at i about to say something.
2) 301) dialog: (meditatively) Well, now, how about this? I mean, just.... how about this? DREW moves to BOBBY and crouches down beside him. He puts his hand on BOBBY’s shoulder, very sympathetic and gentle BOBBY glances at himwith a look of gratitude. Finally ’ BOBBY gets painfully up; and DREW helps him. Dazed, fur and incongruous, BOBBY picks up his pants and shorts, fum bling takes a handkerchief from a pocket, and goes back b hind the bushes. Meanwhile, LEWIS leans on his bow and gazes out over the river. When he speaks, it is decisively, but distant.
2) 302) dialog: I figured it was the only thing to do.
2) 304) dialog: Probably they would have. The penalty for sodomy in this state is death, any- way. And at the point of a gun.... No, they wouldnit have let you go. 2 Why should they? (CONTINUED)
2) 310) dialog: (gazing out over the river) Tell them what, exactly?
2) 312) dialog: Nothing but shoot him in the back with an: arrow.
2) 314) dialog: (still looking out onto the river) . What would you have done?
2) 319) dialog: He is now. He's mighty dead. We eouldn't have saved him, though. He's centre-shot. LEWIS rises, and the city men. stand still for a moment, looking this way and that, all but LEWIS. LEWIS is gazing out over the river again.
2) 320) dialog: Let's just figure for a minute. Does anybody know anything about the law?
2) 324) dialog: You don't have to know much law to kmow that-if we take this guy down out of these mountains and turn him over to the sheriff, we'd go on trial. I don't know what the charge would be, technically, but we'd be up against a jury, sure as hell.
2) 332) dialog: I'm goddamned if I want to come backup here for shooting this guy in the back, with a jury made uo of his cousins and brothers and maybe his father and mother, too, . for all I know. No éne says anything in answer. There are various gesture of helplessness and indecision. DREW stands very still, with his hands on his hips, getting his refutation togeth
2) 333) dialog: (suddenly to Bobby } What do you think, Bobby? \ BOBBY's face is red, narrow-eyed, hate-filled. He does not reply or even seem to hear, but goes quite deliberate ly over to the corpse and stands looking down at it. Sud- denly, without any warning at all, he kicks it as hard as he can in the face, and, before LEWIS can stop him, does it again. LEWIS pulls BOBBY back from the corpse gently but firmly, and BOBBY walks away from the group and the corpse.
2) 334) dialog: (turning to his buddy, and part-time pro- tege, Ed) How about you, Ed?
2) 344) dialog: I did kill him. But you're wrong when you say this is nothing like a game. It may be the most serious kind of game there is. but if you don't see it as a game, you're missing an important point...
2) 345) text: (having heard things like this from Lewis . go many times before) Come on, Lewis. For once let's not carry on this way.
2) 346) dialog: (turning suddeniy on Ed like an animal) - Ed, you listen. And listen good. We can get out of this, I think. Get out without any question asked, but if we connect up with the law, Ca : we'll be connected to this man, this Xo body, for the rest of our lives. We've got to get rid of him,
2) 348) dialog: (quietly and very impressively) Everywhere The three. faces watch him transfixed; DREW's very set; BOBBY's full of hate, weakness, and killing rage; ED's fa under the old speil.
2) 349) dialog: c Anywhere} Nowhere} ‘ \ : Despite themselves, they follow his eyeline into th ad tangled wood. (CONTINUED)
2) 352) text: 536 41 (Cont.14) : But DREW pulls back into himself and holds LEWIS's eye.
2) 354) dialog: (shakes his head) You think he's going to tell the police what want on here?
2) 356) text: This registers powerfuily on ED. He tries not to look rou but can't heip himself. He cuts his eyea this way and tha almost superhumanly apprehensive and aiert. Then his eyes come back to LEWIS, and they see LEWIS standing, relaxed, leaning on his bow, apparently not worried at ali, in com plete charge of the situation. On seeing him this way, ED - looks deeply relieved. You would foilow LEWIS anywhere, now they realise that they are going to have to do just t © DREW (& We wouldn't be so hard to follow, NA dragging a corpse.
2) 357) dialog: {as you might placate a child) You leave that to me, Drew. I‘il make sure no one tracks us. LEWIS looks off into the far distance, a look of tranquil on his face.
2) 358) dialog: In about a month or six weeks this valley'il be flocded....hundreds of feet under water... Did you ever look out over a iake. Somevhing buried under it....undéer it...ethat's as buried as it can gete DREW feels himself sinking into the lake of LEWIS's imagi tion. He shakes his head vigorously.
2) 362) text: She oO 4l (Cont.15) . 7 LEWIS rises and facés DREW very deliberately. This is t showdown between them, and all four men know it.
2) 363) dialog: (with all his enormous male vitality and physical power) What do you mean, Drew? You are part of it.
2) 366) dialog: You see any law around here? We'rs the law. So let's vote on it. Ifii go along with the vote. And so will you, Drew. You've got no choice. LEWIS turns to BOBBY, his hideously weak and hate-ridden, QO violated face.
2) 368) text: LEWIS turns to ED as though piaying his trump card, which indeed he is.
2) 369) dialog: Ed? DREW suddenly steps over the corpse and confronts ED, put the flat of his hand in front of ED's face and shaking it with violent emphasis. He has got to get ED to agree with him and split the vote.
2) 374) text: There is silence. LEWIS waits, confidently, DREW is grim and adamant, BOBBY is full of hatred, and ED is coming to the all-important decision.
2) 376) dialog: All right then. LEWIS drags the arrow-shaft out of the body slowly and laboriously, broadhead first. He wipes off the worst of t blood then, clips it into his bow-quiver, where it looks just like the others, except that it is red. ED takes his knife out of the sapling, puts it in the sca bard and buckles on the belt with the knife and the rope. LEWIS, with silent signals, positions each of the MEN to carry the CORPSE. They are very awkward about it, with ED . and DREW carrying the shoulders and LEWIS and BOBBY the They begin to carry the BODY feet-foremost into the woods away from the river.
2) 382) dialog: He's not following. But we'll make sure there's no tracks. This way. LEWIS leads them to the left where a creek is revealed. T scramble into the muddy water and wade up it laboriously. The forest here has a funereal, swampy look. The MEN toii along with the BODY. They are now absolutely covered and drenched with sweat, from the stifling, breathless qualit of this part of the woods. They climb out of the creek an twist and turn among the trees, until there is a feeling utter lostness.
2) 388) text: {conclusively} . OiKs The FOUR MEN shovel and scramble the dirt back into the g The body slowly being made to disappear under the four-pa volley of dirt and leaves, At last he is totally covered, and LEWIS smooths the leaf-mold over him. They are all lu crously kneeling before the grave. DREW looks intently at ED, as though his gaze were willin ED to do something before it gets to be too late.
2) 389) dialog: (with conviction) ‘Fern'sll be growing here in a few days. Nobody'd ever come on him in a million years. I doubt if even we could find this piace again.
2) 395) dialog: (with all his old conviction) I'm sure. Believe me. But ED cannot resist searching the trees anxiously.
2) 397) dialog: It never happened. Think of it as a dream.
2) 400) text: (soothingly) Plan? Why we just paddle on down to Aintree, pick up those cars and go home. What else? The river is transformed for them, omincus and threatenin every dark opening in the trees a possible menace, every turn in the river a dangerous event. They jerk their from side to side; wild, hunted animal looks, ED and are together acain in the aluminium canoe while LEWIS BOBBY are in the heavy wooden one. ED and DREW get a ahead. ED brings his bow up close to him, ready. While all this is going on they have baen moving into gorge. The rosk-face rises and narrows in, ths sound river changes, reverberating, intensifying. heads
2) 404) text: (screaming at the top of his lungs) Let's go right down the middle. Give me some speed, baby} Something happens to DREW; it is impossible to tell what. shakes his head violently (but this might just be the can bumping on a rock) and his paddle is whirled out of his h by the river. He pitches over, or is thrown over or something. Whatever is, the canoe goes out of control. ED lets go of his padd and grabs for the bow at his feet as his last act before canoe overturns in the boiling, angry, murderous water. EXT. HE GREAT RAPIDS : Day ED is part of the river, turning over and over, banging o stones, sometimes out of the water and sometimes under it rushing along with unbelievable force. Momentarily he surfaces facing back up river as LEWIS and BOBBY founder helplessly on the first canoe. LEWIS and BOBBY spill out on opposite sides, and the two canoes roil over and over each other like iogs, until the wooden canoe bursts open on a rock. ED struggies desperately with the water, trying to get hi feet forward of him. After several attemps, he succeeds, body elongates in the river. He has the bow, and he begin to slither over moss-covered rocks on his back. He hits t back of his head on one big rock, but then seems to get t hang of it. There is a curious look of pained pleasure on his face as he slides along, still alive. (CONTINUED)
2) 408) text: A deeper turmoil of water sucks him under, despite the li jacket. : Then the last of the ravids are ahead, and ED goes over t over a last big rock and down into calm water. EXT. POOL AT BASE OF GORGE ‘ DAY ED floats, cradling the bow, in the slow water below the falls: he is a tiny figure, idly turning in the aftermath of the furious white water, down between the enormous win of the gorge~sides. He lies back in his life-jacket as though on a bed. He is groggily trying to assess his situation. He grimaces with pain, and lifts his left hand out of the water. He has ho of the arrows in the bow-quiver by the arrowheads themsel He lets go, and his palm is washed with blood. ED clumsily tries to rearrange himself in the water: tryi to get into position to look upstream at the last of the rapids he has just come down, trying to look for the othe He keeps looking at the last rocks of the rapids, but can see no sign of life. A man flops over the rocks of the white water, completely out of control, and he recognizes after a bit, that it is BOBBY. BOBBY starts to splash his way to the side. Through no fault of his own, unhurt. Soon LEWIS is spewed out of the rapids, one hand holding his paddle and the other over hi face. LEWIS writhes and twists in the water. ED moves towards him. LEWIS i (against the river- sound) My leg's broke. It feels like it broke off.
2) 414) dialog: (against the ever- present river sound) Drew was shot. I saw ite He's dead, : ED is stunned. Even in this condition, LEWIS has the powe to shake his equilibrium. The roar of the rapids is deaf- ening. They have to shout to be heard above it.
2) 416) text: He gets up from LEWIS's side and turns uneasily to BOBBY.
2) 445) text: errr mere ra er 6h. CO 49 (Cont.1) ep You're ruined, useless...broken. You fucking fraud. The invective brings LEWIS back to the surface of his ago He turns his head up and focusses his mad eyes on ED.
2) 446) dialog: It's with you, Ed baby. This is where you get to play the game.
2) 471) dialog: (looking straight into Ed's face) Do you know what the fuck you're doing?
2) 474) dialog: (with terrifying intensity) Kill him,
2) 476) dialog: (lying back once more) Well, here we are, at the heart of the Lewis Medlock country,
2) 478) dialog: This is what it comes to. I told you.
2) 526) text: 75.6 56 (Cont.1) Oo. ED sits, holding the rope. He is still about fifty fe ( from the river, and he is evidently figuringwhat to dc. st where he sits he can see even LEWIS lying in the botto the canoe, LEWIS's position is terribly twisted looking a unnatural, He has his hand over his face, BOBBY stands watching. On the ledge, ED looks at his free hand, flexing the fing He slides off the ledge and starts down again. ED is almost on top of THE CORPSE. He hangs there for a moment, looking down, trying to figure what to do. Suddenly it is as though the film had broken, but what ha really happened is that the rope has broken. There is an instant of pure blackness, then the sky and the river and gorge turn haphazardly and idly about each other, There i a muffled yell, The yell is suddenly cut off, and ED is i another world, It is green and quiet, underwater, ED finds himself inter twined with the CORPSE whose limbs move under the water w uncanny animation. It is as though the man were trying to embrace ED or drown him, He fights free, Cocked to one si of the pervading green is a suffused yellow area, and QO gradually ED approaches this. As he gets closer to it, ; sees that it is something like a submerged sun, waverin Ceo expanding. In fact, it is the sun, and it explodes in face as ED's head comes clear of the water,
2) 568) text: LEWIS raises his head and opens his eyes. ED holds DREW's head in a gentle grasp, turning it slight and with the other hand pointing to the place he wants LEWIS to look at, ED. Lewis, was he shot? Did a bullet make this?
2) 569) text: A flicker of the .old enthusiasm crosses LEWIS's eyes and face, He looks maniacal and wise. He knows something the others don't. Or does he?
2) 573) text: 59 (Cont.2) Slowly LEWIS brings his eyes from DREW's head to ED's eyes, and stares into them. They stare at each other.
2) 574) text: Slowly and almost imperceptibly LEWIS nods his head.
2) 575) dialog: (softly, but with utter conviction) Grazed. LEWIS sinks back into the bottom of the canoe,
2) 615) text: ‘ED Look. Somebody is going to ask us things. We'd better get our story straight. When you get asked, tell ‘em that right here is where Drew fell out and Lewis broke his leg. This is where we lostthe other canoe.
2) 619) dialog: (calmly and clearly) I hear you. You've got it figured. We can get out of this. You're doing it exactly right; better than I could do.
2) 620) text: ED is distrubed by LEWIS's stillness. Jt is as though he has passed across some threshold to the calm edge of deat
2) 622) dialog: Sure.
2) 665) text: I got to get these men to the hospital, officer. He closes the door on ED and LEWIS and BOBBY's answer to THE OFFICER is cut off. ED watches through the window as BOBBY soundlessly exnlains to the PATROLMAN. The ambulanc pulls away as BOBBY leads the OFFICER over to inspect the canoe.
3) 20) dialog: (in the cracked dry voice of the recently anethesised) Never better. ED cannot think how to disguise his purpose from the , PATROLMAN whilst revealing it to LEWIS. He manages to communicate his anxiety to LEWIS who studies his ) face closely. ED glances at the PATROLMAN then clenches Q . his mouth; trying to show LEWIS he cannot talk in fro of the police. Up the ward BOBBY is engaging THE OTHER MAN, creating a noisy distraction.
3) 21) dialog: (inspired) What happened on that last stretch of rapids, buddy? , . I can't remember a thing.
3) 23) dialog: (sad and not acting) ' I should have saved him instead } Of coe
3) 25) dialog: ( ) We were overloaded, I guess. (CONTINUED)