3) 62) dialog: Right here. The SHERIFF had been standing right behind ‘hem, listenin leaning on the patrol car.
3) 69) dialog: Easy, Mr. Queen. (to Ed) What about this?
3) 72) dialog: You're sure about this other canoe, now?
3) 82) dialog: We got nothin' to hold him for, Arthel. Not right now. let's see what comes out of the river.
3) 84) dialog: Now, you don't know that, Arthel. What you mean is, they was the only eity fellows. ED shakes his head, in both real and feigned unbelief at such goings-on.
3) 85) dialog: You'li have to sign a statement tonight. You can go home in the morning. Just leave me your addresses.
3) 87) dialog: Don't worry. You'll be the fuste.
3) 89) text: Got the keys here. At that moment, SHERIFF BULLARD cruises slowly up and stops. They are just getting into the cars, and they are obliged to get out again, rather awkwardly.
3) 90) dialog: Morning’ Y'all gettin' an early start? (CONTINUED )
3) 92) text: OQ 77 (Cont.) / ED () Thought we would, yes. The SHERIFF ciimps out of his car, comes over and looks at them with his own special look; very penetrating, but amused and detached.
3) 93) dialog: The Griner brothers drove these down from Ores, right?
3) 95) dialog: You happen to see another man with them up there? BOBBY and ED glance at each other.
3) 98) dialog: 'Fore you go, buddy, let me ask . you something and tell you some- thing.
3) 100) dialog: Hew come y'all anded up with four life jackets? The tongue of panic licks across BOBBY'’s fase, and it would hardly escape BULLARD.
3) 109) dialog: Don't ever do anything like this again. Don't come back up here.
3) 114) dialog: He was a mean bastard anyway. The SHERIFF's smile broadens just a little, but is still enigmatic, dangerous. He turns to his car. ED and BOBBY “exchange a quick smile of relief. BOBBY pantomimes a ' tyippee' gesture to the SHERIFF's bask. ED starts the sar and BOBBY swings into the other, They pull out on to the road, BOBBY accelerates fiercely and passes ED, tooting his horn. They head towards the bridge and the river, It is starting to rain.