1) 345) dialog: I didn’t want you to come all the way down here-
1) 347) dialog: (after a beat) Look, Jerry Rix served some papers this morning. To my complete surprise. Why don’t you sit down?
1) 349) dialog: Harge has sought an injunction which denies you any access to Rindy until the custody hearing. And I'm afraid Harge has changed his mind about joint custody. He wants sole custody of Rindy.
1) 352) dialog: They'll be filing papers on the twenty-ninth in District Family Court for the, uh, permanent custody petition.
1) 354) dialog: I don’t know if it’s right, but it’s legal.
1) 356) dialog: (stalling) Listen. Let’s - deal with this after Christmas. You'll have a chance to-
1) 358) dialog: They're petitioning the judge to consider a morality clause.
1) 360) dialog: (after a moment) Okay. I won’t mince words with you. Abby Gerhard.
1) 362) dialog: I’m sorry. But they seem serious. CAROL looks up to FRED, nods. A silence. 56
1) 364) dialog: It’s hard to say. With the holidays and a backlog of cases...
1) 366) dialog: Not before the middle of March. Could be April.
1) 368) dialog: (not unkindly) Not - let me put it this way - It would not be advisable under the-
1) 370) dialog: The issue is not-
1) 372) dialog: Carol, these are serious allegations. Forcing contact before the hearing you simply invite further scrutiny concerning your conduct.
1) 374) dialog: Do you.
2) 0) text: Through passing cars and car windows we suddenly see THER dressed for work in a smart dark suit, hurrying through t morning commuter CROWD towards the New York Times buildin Her style of hair and dress has taken on a sophistication maturity we can’t help but associate with CAROL. INT. TAXI. TIMES SQUARE. MORNING. CAROL, in the cab on her way to FRED HAYMES’S office, is looking distantly out the window when she suddenly spots The light changes and the taxi starts to move - THERESE flickers from view. CAROL looks back over her shoulder through reflections. INT. ELEVATOR/JERRY RIX LAW OFFICES. DAY. CAROL, turned away, inside the elevator. The doors open. turns to look a moment before heading out the door and do the hall. Gathered inside, HARGE, RIX, FRED HAYMES and a STENOGRAPH all turn and note her arrival.
2) 3) dialog: Not so fast, Jerry. My client’s psychotherapist is perfectly satisfied with her recovery from... the events of the winter, asserting she’s more than capable of caring for her child. She’s had no further contact with Therese Belivet. (MORE )
2) 5) dialog: And we have sworn depositions from two Saddlebrook Institute psychiatrists clearly stating that, in their opinions, a series of events, precipitated by my client’s husband, drove her to suffer an emotional break, which resulted in this - described behavior.
2) 8) dialog: Furthermore, given the manner in which these tapes were obtained and recorded, we’re confident in their inadmissability-
2) 12) dialog: (signals to the
2) 20) dialog: Let’s take a break, folks and Fred - no, I think your resume when I’ve had a moment client has made it perfectl to confer with my- clear given her statement-