1) 0) text: THERESE stares out the window, still wrapped up in though Up front, JACK is pointing out the West Village apartment building ("Here-here-here!”) and the taxi screeches to a halt. Everyone tumbles out as JACK pays the driver. Befor she knows it, THERESE is climbing the stairs to PHIL McELROY’S building. A window is thrown open above them an PHIL McELROY, with typically unkempt hair, leans out.
1) 1) dialog: It’s about time, Belivet. Say hello at least - It hasn’t been that long!
1) 8) dialog: Move over. Nobody else can see the screen.
1) 13) dialog: My kid brother, the movie jerk. DANNIE, embarrassed, moves slightly away from the glass. he still watches, still jots notes. THERESE watches him. INT. GREENWICH VILLAGE BAR. NIGHT. RICHARD and PHIL have been drinking quite a bit. A row of empty beer bottles is lined up on the table in front of t DANNIE sips at a glass of Coca-Cola. THERESE nurses a gla of wine.
1) 16) dialog: Is there any other way to feel naughty?
1) 18) dialog: That’s your problem, Semco. You really ought to drink because you remember you have a job. Employment’s a curse.
1) 20) dialog: You call that a job? I call it an illusion.
1) 22) dialog: My kid brother, the jerk philosopher.
1) 26) dialog: Yeah, ‘cept printers don’t win Pulitzer Prizes.
1) 28) dialog: (rolling his eyes) Everybody's a writer.... DANNIE tries to blend into the woodwork. He catches THERE eye. She smiles at him. He appreciates it.
1) 29) dialog: Say, Therese - before I get too drunk to remember.... PHIL digs into a large messenger bag, pulls out a camera, old Kodak, and hands it to THERESE.
1) 31) dialog: He said it was a cinch. No sweat.
1) 36) dialog: Women! 16
1) 38) dialog: What you oughta do is hit Spain... whatsitcalled - Pamplona. Catch a bullfight! Up ahead a couple is approaching who everyone knows: JACK TAFT and his girlfriend, DOROTHY. The men all speak to ea other as DOROTHY speaks to THERESE.
1) 39) dialog: Holy smoke, look who's I don’t believe it! Does the coming. Watch out, baby, it’s House Un-American Activitie a pack of commies! know you're back on the streets?