1) 566) dialog: (shaking hands) Pleased to meet you.
1) 569) dialog: (brief silence) Don’t really know what notions are, exactly. But they do instruct us to use the word. Says it appeals to women. So... (beat) I did sell a shoe-horn yesterday to a feller in Wheeling.
1) 571) dialog: No. But I have a sewing kit. (beat) You don’t need a sewing kit. I can tell. CAROL smiles politely, but returns her attention to the m
1) 573) dialog: That’s where I’m headed. There’s a short cut across the interstates, knocks two hours off the drive.
1) 576) dialog: (reaching for his case) I got Field and Stream... National Geographic?
1) 578) dialog: (a beat as he smiles) Nope. Course not. I am doomed to remain without a sale. THERESE throws a little smile to CAROL, as TOMMY shakes h head. MUSIC picks up, carrying over the following scenes.
1) 607) dialog: What do you know? I thought that might be the two of you. TOMMY hops out of his car and approaches the women. He inspects the tire.
1) 608) dialog: Yep, that’s a flat alright. Just hope you didn’t dent that rim.
1) 610) dialog: Right. Well. Can I jack her up for you?
1) 612) dialog: No jack?
1) 616) dialog: Gotcha. Well... I got a jack. I can jack her up for you. We just use my spare.
1) 618) dialog: Me I’m heading home from here - I got plenty of spares back home. (inspecting the flat) Don’t think there’s rim damage. Shouldn’t take too long I don’t expect.
1) 620) dialog: What’s that, ma’am? INT/EXT. TOMMY’S CAR. LAKE SHORE DRIVE. LATER. DAY. In the front seat, THERESE offers CAROL some coffee from thermos. Radio softly plays. Up ahead, TOMMY leans over t hood, his hands black from a lengthy operation.
1) 628) dialog: Well... It’ll get you to your next stop, but you best get it checked at a garage. New hose. They’1l tell ya the same.
1) 631) dialog: Oh, please - nothing at all, ma’am.
1) 633) dialog: No need. Like I said, I’ve got a collection. Occupational hazard.
1) 635) dialog: You are surely welcome, ma’am. CAROL starts off to the car, leaving an uncertain beat between TOMMY and THERESE. TOMMY TUCKER (CONT’D) And Happy New Year.
1) 637) dialog: Yep, well, I’m counting on a big night for sales. Stocking up on hats and sparklers. I’m hopeful. THERESE smiles as he back-steps, tips his hat and gets in his car. She glances at CAROL, climbing into the car - an feels a sudden surge of longing. EXT. WATERLOO, IOWA. EARLY EVENING. On the road leading into Waterloo, CAROL’S car speeds by billboard sign with a cartoon of Napoleon being strangled Nelson. In fancy script below the cartoon is written: WATERLOO BECKONS. POP. 12,070. The sky is a deep red. INT. CABIN. JOSEPHINE MOTOR LODGE. NIGHT. Twin beds, quilted headboards, the usual. Radio tuned int Guy Lombardo’s New Year’s Eve broadcast from the Waldorf Astoria. It’s almost midnight. A couple of chipped plasti trays carrying the remnants of some ham and cheese sandwi are set on one of the beds. CAROL sits sipping beer from Champagne flute, her hair wrapped in a towel. Each dresse robes, CAROL watches THERESE brush out her hair at a dres table. The countdown to the New Year begins on the radio. Five. Four. Three. Two. One: HAPPY NEW YEAR! And the fami Lombardo signature “Auld Lang Syne” begins, but neither w takes notice. Instead CAROL gets up from the bed, takes t brush from THERESE and begins to brush THERESE’S hair, slowly, carefully. When she’s done, she puts the brush do and turns THERESE around to face her.
1) 670) dialog: I wish I could oblige you, ma‘am. But the tape is already on its way to your husband.
1) 672) dialog: (shrugs) My reputation rests on my efficiency, Mrs. Aird. A tense pause. CAROL moves towards TOMMY. He remains quit calm, still. But he keeps his eye on her all the while. C advances closer, aiming the pistol at his head.
1) 674) dialog: (a beat) You don’t, ma’am. 91 CAROL tenses up, putting her index finger on the trigger. at once she whirls around to the recording equipment, poi the gun to it, and pulls the trigger - but the gun just clicks. She tries again, but the trigger jams. In utter frustration she hurls the gun at the recording equipment. THERESE, who’s been hovering by the door, moves towards CAROL.
1) 676) dialog: I am a professional, Miss Belivet. It’s nothing personal. A silence. CAROL smokes, THERESE shakes her head at TOMMY disgusted, not wanting to believe this is happening. TOMM tips his hat to THERESE.