51) 1) dialog: There are several kinds of wood here. Pine. Birch. Fir. And if you look closely, you will see that each has its own internal markings, rings and knots, and its own external markings, as in here, from the machinery that milled the raw timber. And these, that mark the tools used to build the ladder.
51) 3) dialog: Yes. Number 16. It was a rail. And look at these four nail holes. They were NOT used in the construction of the ladder.
51) 5) dialog: Yes. And it’s low grade sapwood with NO signs of weathering, so it was inside, not out. And the pine shows no signs of previous use. That tells us this ladder was built for THIS job. Nothing else.
51) 7) dialog: I need more money, sir.
51) 9) dialog: Postage. I need to write to every mill on the East coast to see if their blades match these marks. Edgar considers. Is this guy for real, or really nuts? He looks at the wood again, and ALL THE CONNECTIONS LIGHT UP
55) 0) text: Arthur Koehler (wood expert) walks through the front gate the Millwork Company -- in the Bronx.
56) 1) dialog: When did you get this shipment?
56) 3) dialog: Are you sure of that?
56) 5) dialog: Three months before the kidnapping. The camera drifts outside and down the block to -- THE
57) 2) dialog: It tells us where he was shopping before anyone was looking for him. 81.
83) 5) dialog: It doesn’t appear structural. 98. JUMP TO: AGENTS carefully pull the board off the joists, waiting to see if anything gives structurally. It doesn’t Behind it they finds TWO NEWSPAPER PACKETS. Edgar opens o carefully. Inside are ONE HUNDRED TEN-DOLLAR GOLD NOTES.
84) 0) text: The same space the handwriting expert appeared in earlier now Arthur Koehler is explaining his own findings.
84) 1) dialog: You see, no two saws make the same markings. This saw from Bruno Hauptmann’s tool chest makes markings identical to those found on the ladder used in the crime. I searched 1900-- (holds up a piece of wood) --factories across the country to see which blade made the other cuts on the ladder. I narrowed it down to one. Centralia lumber yard. Four blocks from Mr. Hauptman’s home. CLOSE ON: Edgar listens from a bench, seemingly alone, gi with this man’s scientific exactitude. INT. BRUNO HAUPTMAN’S ATTIC - NIGHT Edgar is with Agent Sisk and Arthur Koehler as they appro an attic corner and see -- an eight foot board is missing Koehler unwraps a long bag labeled -- “Rail 16.” It’s the original rail he pointed out to Edgar in the lab so long
84) 2) dialog: Rail 16. It didn’t match the rest. And those extra holes. Why were they there? 99. He lays the wood next to the empty spot in the floor. It’ perfect match. The four extra holes match perfectly with nail holes in the floor joists.
85) 1) dialog: The science is conclusive. Mr. Hauptmann built the ladder. INT. HOOVER’S OUTER OFFICE - DAY - 1964 The young, mixed race FBI Agent stops typing.