25) 2) dialog: Who did? Reveal CHARLES LINDBERGH, dressed well, but bearing the s of no sleep. He seems interested in what Edgar has to say
27) 1) dialog: Mr. Condon? You say the kidnappers responded to your ads?
27) 3) dialog: No. On the window sill. Condon looks at the pins securing the blankets in the cri
27) 5) dialog: My wife uses them to hold the covers in place. Our son had a cold when he was taken.
27) 7) dialog: (not sure of this man) Why are you doing this?
27) 9) dialog: How do we know these letters of yours are from the kidnapper? 49.
27) 11) dialog: In a moment of thoughtlessness, I showed the symbol to some other men who had offered to help. I’m not sure they were trustworthy. I’m not sure anyone is trustworthy anymore, Mr. Condon. You should know that I have decided to have your letters analyzed to see if they are truly from the same author.
29) 21) dialog: I thought gold notes were going out of circulation, Mr. Irey.
29) 23) dialog: I have no need to pursue the money, Mr. Hoover. I only want my son.
29) 25) dialog: If they find out you’re involved, I may never see my son again.
31) 2) dialog: I'd prefer him happy than save the Money, Mr. Condon. I don’t want to upset him.
31) 4) dialog: The baby? Where is the baby?
31) 6) dialog: Get in. Condon gets in. They drive away in silence. Charles resis opening the envelope, but he can’t. He tears it open.
31) 7) dialog: You gave your word. I did not. (reads the note) “The boy is on Boad Nelly. It is a small boad 28 feet long. Two person are on the boad. The are innosent. You will find the Boad between Horseneck Beach and Gay Head near Elizabeth Island.” EXT. THE SKIES ABOVE MARTHA’S VINYARD - MONTAGE - DAY Lindbergh flies his plane low, looking at every boat -- b the shore -- along the docks -- out to sea.
87) 2) dialog: Yes. Very clearly. A voice coming from the cemetary, to the best of my belief, calling Dr. Condon. In a foreign accent, “Hey, Doctor.”
87) 4) dialog: Yes, I have.
87) 6) dialog: That was Hauptman’s voice. 101. Hauptmann locks eyes with Lindbergh. They hold their gaze for a moment. The air goes out of the room. Lindbergh loo back to Wilentz and A GASP RUNS THROUGH THE ROOM.