1) 0) text: Not a single window on the block survived the blast. Tree limbs are down. Cars are on their sides. The block is lit with flood lights. Detectives and reporters swarm. Police push neighbors back, roping off the neighborhood. A LONG POV: Mitchell Palmer’s giant shoe steps through th wreckage, almost crushing a severed finger lying in the street. He is flanked by young Roosevelt and another up a coming neighbor, young DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER.
11) 4) dialog: Yeah? Who are you, mister?
18) 0) text: Snow covers the ground. Edgar is dressed warmly, walking a congressman, dignitaries and reporters. Hundreds of prisoners are being marched through the snow, single file to a gangplank and onto a tugboat. Edgar watc a tired, filthy Emma Goldman struggle up the gangplank to tugboat and disappear. The camera reveals a massive, rotting 5000 ton ship, THE BUFORD. This won’t be a pleasant journey for the prisoner Above them all looms the mighty Statue of Liberty. 23.
45) 0) text: Clyde has pulled the disinterested reporter aside for a private chat with Edgar.
45) 1) dialog: How many more pieces can I run on Lindbergh’s employees and relatives? I need something fresh.
45) 3) dialog: The country? (reading Clyde) A story on the FBI? (reading Edgar) On its young director? 63.
45) 5) dialog: (considers, then: ) With the inescapable demise of the American Outlaw, the new American hero is the FBI.
45) 7) dialog: I can’t promise a cover. But I have a pal in the radio business if you’re willing to share true life stories. Maybe even a comic book.
50) 4) dialog: And you arrested Harry Campbell in Toledo and Burnett in Manhattan as well, Mr. Hoover?
86) 0) text: The two story, neo-colonial building stands strong with f columns out front. Snow has turned the streets white. Hundreds of telegraph and teletype wires run out an upper window onto an overwhelmed utility pole. From there, the wires fan out, carrying their messages to the entire worl The streets are filled with CARS, REPORTERS, and EAGER CITIZENS. A MAN sells miniature replicas of the kidnapper ladder on green ribbon necklaces. ANOTHER MAN hocks packe of curly blonde hair (that looks a lot like his own) for bucks a pop claiming it’s “Baby Lindy’s.” In a makeshift radio studio in the back of a truck, an announcer reports:
87) 0) text: REVEAL: this is the space the EXPERT AGENTS have been TESTIFYING from. As in the earlier sequences, Edgar is th listening intently from his bench, dressed to the nines. NOW WE REVEAL: he’s not alone. The courtroom is packed wi REPORTERS and ONLOOKERS. From their dress and entourage, clear many are rich and/or famous. The prosecutor, WILENTZ, calls his next witness: