25) 0) text: There are two vans and four cars on the pier along with several members of the "new mafia". All under thirty, a b anxious about each other and the situation. Equipped with the latest communication and surveillance gear, they are trying to be professional. Bill fiddles with a hand held radio.
25) 1) dialog: I can't get this friggan thing to work. Tim takes it out of his hand and pushes the power button. He hands it back condescending.
25) 3) dialog: Fuck you!
26) 0) text: By the pier entrance, a young hood is reading the Wall Street Journal. Bill's voice comes over his walkie-talkie The hood puts the paper down.
30) 7) dialog: Fifteen minutes late, Jesus Christ. Fucking faggot Frenchmen. The lights flash a short distance away as the French traw comes into view.
32) 0) text: Bill steps up to the trawler, flanked by two other men.
32) 1) dialog: You're fifteen minutes late you poof. What's the big... A knife hits him in the back, he spins around, stares bug-eyed and falls at the startled feet of his companions who pull their guns and turn to the three black figures. Before they can fire, they are subdued. The tall black figure neatly slices one man's head open with a sickle 38. attached to a long chain. The stout black figure throws two, three-pronged sai which catch another Mafioso high a low simultaneously. The third is dispatched by the smalle figure, who with a flick of the wrist sends a stiletto-th blade through the man's throat. The Japanese on the boat jump off and begin to unload crates of heroin into the va ANGLE ON Castle. Watching. Perplexed. He hears the faintest noise from behind and rolls to his right, swingi his shotgun around as a spray of silencer bullets fired f an uzi hits where his head had been. He lets go a blast, wasting the Japanese assassin who had snuck up behind him ANGLE ON the Japanese loading on the pier. Looking up as the blast sounds. An arrow whistles through the night and pierces one of the Japanese with such force, it pins his body to the side of the van. A nylon cord extends from th arrow to the opposite warehouse. A figure comes sliding down the cord. It's Castle. He scatters the Japanese, as he rushes towards them, with a deadly spray of uzi fire. Castle hits the ground right in front of the pierced Japanese. He yanks the body off the van.