28) 0) text: Another man sits sighting the area below him with an infrared~scoped rifle.
34) 0) text: A van is pulled out of the water and onto the pier where other van already salvaged, its heroin unloaded, is surrounded by dozens of cops. Berkowitz stands on the doc The van is lowered in front of him. Sam comes up with a pad.
49) 6) dialog: I don't know, I can't get a word out of them. Sam looks at them.
72) 0) text: Castle barrels the bus down the narrow back alleys. Slamming anything that gets in his way; garbage cans, debris. His P.O.V. between buildings on the street runnin parallel to the alley. The gray vans in hot pursuit. Castle sees the end of the alley. A gray van suddenly ski in front, blocking his way. Yakuza jump out and start firing their automatic weapons. Castle hits the accelerator. His windshield shatters. The Yakuza jump out of the way. One goes through the open windshield as Castl blows into the van and turns left onto the street proper. The kids scream as the Yakuza runs toward Castle, a gun i his hand. Castle turns a corner sharply as the man reache him leveling his weapon. He opens the door and with one foot kicks the man out. He turns back to the road. His P.O.V. through the rear view mirror. Two vans in hot pursuit. The rear windows are shattered by gunfire. Castl turns onto another street. It is larger with oncoming traffic. Cars fly onto the curb hitting posts, running in buildings. One of the vans pulls up alongside the bus. 72. Through the side mirror, Castle's P.O.V. A Yakuza has jumped from the van grabbing the side of the bus. Castle swerves trying to knock him off but the man hangs on, try to climb up through a window. Two girls jump up and sink their teeth into his hands. The Yakuza falls off screamin The van pulls abreast of Castle. A Yakuza, in the driver' side, points his weapon. Castle hits his brake. The van shoots past, the shots missed. Now the van is in front of the bus. Castle hits the accelerator and bangs into the van. ANGLE ON the van's driver growing nervous as he loses control of the wheel. Gunmen inside try to open the rear door but the bus has them blocked closed. Castile pushes van hard off the street, and into a building. The van explodes. Castle spots the third van, coming at him from. the right He turns the wheel sharply onto an even wider boulevard. The gray van tries to pull alongside. Sato appears with a automatic weapon at the open door. Castle turns the bus just as the gun fires. Police sirens start to sound in th background. The gray van comes alongside again. Sato sets to jump through the open bus doors. Castle looks at Sato he is about to jump then Sato looks forward. He sees something which makes him change his mind. The van turns off sharply onto a side street. Castle turns his head forward. His P.O.V. Two dozen polic ears, their lights flashing, block the street. Cops are a around, guns pointed. Castle hits the brakes.
98) 0) text: In the smokey rubble-filled lobby the cops wait anxiously a repair man takes his time trying to get the elevators t work. Berkowitz is exploding with impatience.
100) 0) text: The elevator comes. Berkowitz and a dozen cops in riot ge pile in. cUuT TO:
102) 0) text: The elevator door opens. Berkowitz and the other cops pil out. The carnage stops them for a moment, then Berkowitz starts running.
103) 6) dialog: Come on! The cops run out. Berkowitz is about to follow them when sees a trail of blood leading to the open window. He look at Tommy once more, suspiciously, and heads for the windo 96. He looks outside left, then right outside. There is nothi but the night. His frustration builds. He bellows into th night.