17) 0) text: The news teams, loitering across the street, jump with th shots. They spring into action, grabbing their cameras, running for the house. They barely make the other side of the street when the house explodes from within. The reporters hit the deck. As the front door opens, they loo up. Their P.O.V. Smoke pours out the door. A moment lapses and Moretti, his clothing in tatters, singed, his eyes glazed with a far away stare walks out of the smokin house. His gun hangs limply at his side.
17) 4) dialog: The Punisher! It's the Punisher!
17) 5) dialog: Look! P.O.V. all. Through the smoke and flames a spectral figur an apparition, stands staring out through the inferno.
17) 6) dialog: It's him! Get the goddamn cameras going! The flames leap higher. The figure disappears. A moment later, the whole house blows up.
18) 1) dialog: Lieutenant, is it true you're being pressured to step down as head of the Punisher Task Force?
18) 3) dialog: Lieutenant, do you have any leads?
18) 5) dialog: Lieutenant, do you still stick to your theory that the late Frank Castle and the Punisher are the same person? Berkowitz turns.
18) 7) dialog: Despite the fact that the official police department's statement is that Castle died with his family.
20) 0) text: Reporters are gathered around a terminal exit. At the cur a black limo waits, the door held open by JIM TARRONE, 28 the mafia gone Yuppie via Versace. Tarrone scowls at the reporters. The terminal doors swing open and three burly bodyguards, carrying luggage, exit, followed by Franco as self-assured and strongly handsome as ever; and Tommy, nearly twelve, beside him. The same self-assurance in his eye.
20) 1) dialog: Mr. Franco, how does it feel to be back home?
20) 3) dialog: Have you come back to take over? Tarrone intercedes.
20) 5) dialog: Aren't you afraid of the Punisher? Franco stops, turns and smiles.
20) 7) dialog: Then what's been killing your associates for the last five years?
75) 2) dialog: In a few moments, Frank Castle, the ex-police officer who has waged a one-man war against (MORE)
75) 4) dialog: organized crime for the past five years, will be escorted to court to face an unprecedented one hundred twenty-five first degree murder charges. The door from the jail opens. The guards shift to high alert. Castle emerges, heavily manacled and walks the twenty steps to the van. Before entering, he stops to loo around. Not finding who he's looking for, Castle enters t van. The doors are slammed shut and locked. The garage door opens. The van, with an escort of two police cars, pulls out.
75) 5) dialog: And so begins the leng road to justice for the man who has redefined the term. The T.V. is shut off. ANGLE ON Franco sitting in his son's room. His face drawn from lack of sleep. The T.V. remote in his hand.