18) 16) dialog: I'm detective Sam Leary. She holds out her hand. Berkowitz ignores it.
18) 18) dialog: Samantha. Berkowitz rolis his eyes. Berkowitz goes for his car. 24.
18) 20) dialog: I'd like a shot at being your partner.
18) 22) dialog: I know, but you used to.
18) 24) dialog: Look, I'm not after a free ride. I can pull my share of the load.
18) 26) dialog: No you're not. You're not even listening to me.
18) 28) dialog: Why?
18) 30) dialog: No, but I'm the most qualified.
18) 32) dialog: I graduated first in my class at the academy. I scored in the top one percent of all officers on the target. I made detective first time up, second youngest member of the force ever to... Berkowitz cuts her off by getting in the car.
18) 34) dialog: I believe Frank Castle is the Punisher. Berkowitz stops cold. He stares at Sam's unwavering eyes.
20) 0) text: Reporters are gathered around a terminal exit. At the cur a black limo waits, the door held open by JIM TARRONE, 28 the mafia gone Yuppie via Versace. Tarrone scowls at the reporters. The terminal doors swing open and three burly bodyguards, carrying luggage, exit, followed by Franco as self-assured and strongly handsome as ever; and Tommy, nearly twelve, beside him. The same self-assurance in his eye.
34) 0) text: A van is pulled out of the water and onto the pier where other van already salvaged, its heroin unloaded, is surrounded by dozens of cops. Berkowitz stands on the doc The van is lowered in front of him. Sam comes up with a pad.
34) 1) dialog: Six hundred kilos of dope. Seven dead wise guys, all from different families. Looks like a drug deal gone bad. Berkowitz opens the van door. Water and the dead Japanese driver spill out. 40.
34) 3) dialog: (startled) I don't get it. Something catches Berkowitz's eye in the van. He pulls ou the skull-topped dagger.
49) 7) dialog: Take your shirt off. The man looks at her surprised. 55.
49) 8) dialog: I said, take your shirt off.
49) 10) dialog: They're Japanese Yakuza.
49) 12) dialog: I'll get it. Sam hustles for the door. CoP Lieutenant? Berkowitz walks over. The cop points to the floor. His P.O.V. in a puddle of water and his own blood, the third bouncer. With Castle's skull knife sticking out of his chest. Sam comes running over.
49) 13) dialog: You're not going to believe this. His eyes lead hers to the corpse and the knife.
49) 15) dialog: The kids of all the new family heads have been snatched. They've named the Punisher as the prime suspect in the case. Berkowitz starts to walk away.
49) 17) dialog: It makes sense.
49) 19) dialog: You got a reason for saying that?
76) 0) text: Castle, chained to the bench, stares at Sam sitting oppos him.
76) 2) dialog: Hurting. What happened between you when he came to see you?
76) 4) dialog: I care. (beat) I'm his partner. Castle registers surprise.
76) 5) dialog: You surprised he had a partner? Or he had me?
76) 7) dialog: I was in the academy when the two of you were making headlines. Everyone needs a star to set their course by. I chose you. I studied every case you ever made. Every bust and used what I learned to make myself as good as you. (beat) He's been carrying the burden for a long time by himself. He needed help. You weren't there. I was the next best thing. (beat) Now I'm the only thing. He resigned from the force after he saw you. Castle turns his face away.
76) 8) dialog: You know you're killing him. He lived for the day he found you so he could help you. That's all he had and now you're taking that away. (beat) I can understand punishing those you hate, but not those you love. Castle's jaw tightens uncharacteristically. He avoids Sam gaze.
79) 0) text: Sam is thrown against the wall and knocked unconscious. Castle rattled around but chained down looks around confused. The van doors are blown off. Three masked men with guns appear. Sam gets up feebly going for her gun. One man wacks her with his pistol. She goes out again. A fourth man steps forward and points a pistol straight at Castle's heart.
92) 0) text: Castle stalking down a red, lit hallway past displays fil with antique weapons and suits of Japanese armor. As he passes two suits of armor, they suddenly come alive. Cast turns as two sickles flash out stripping him of his uzi a slicing into his Kevlar. The helmets come off revealing Tomio and Sato. Sato attacks with his sai. Castle grabs a antique sword from another set of armor and blocks the sa without an inch to spare. He counters, slashing at Sato's armor. The breastplate falls away. Sato spins and throws his third sai from his belt stripping Castle of his sword Castle kicks Sato sending him off balance and crashing through a glass display. The glass slashes through his entire exposed body. 87. Tomio attacks, a whirlwind with sickles. Castle back peddles, throwing a kimono rack in Tomio's path. Tomio slices right through it and keeps coming. He slashes as Castle twists away. The sickles cut the straps of the Kevlar suit and the beeper belt. With another quick move, the sickle points catch the Kevlar and rip it from Castle body. Tomio flings the armor away and charges Castle. Castle grabs a staff and tries to defend himself swinging Tomio's feet. Tomio jumps up and comes down splitting the staff with his sickles and cutting Castle neatly across t face. Castle swings a large metal weapon which knocks Tomio's sickles away. Tomio spins at the same time and kicks Castle with a back kick. Castle doubles over. Tomio knees him in the face. Castle falls back. Tomio spins again kicking his head left, then right. He punches Castl hard. Castle falls into a wall filled with weapons and sinks to the floor. Castle's P.O.V. His beeper within reach. Tomio grabs a Samurai sword from the wall, cocks his entire body back a charges Castle. Castle hits his beeper. cuT To: