37) 0) text: PAN from the top of the sheer glass, black skyscraper to ground floor where a long black limo waits. The doors to the building open. Sato and Tomio, the tall and stout bla clad figures, unmasked now, clad in the height of Japanes New Wave fashion with haircuts to match, exit and secure 41. short distance from door to car. A moment later, LADY TANAKA, a striking looking Japanese woman in her late forties dressed in a conservative white business suit exi accompanied by a slightly built American woman in her ear twenties, dressed in hot, tight black leather. The two women get into the rear of the limo, the two men into the front. The car drives off. cur To:
46) 0) text: Sato and Tomio enter the building carrying a suitcase. curt To:
47) 0) text: Sato and Tomio, carrying a suitcase, and several other passengers watch the elevator go up. 38, 39, 40. The last floor. Everyone gets out except for Sato and Tomie. The doors close. Sato takes out a key and inserts it into a slot. The elevator starts up again to an unnumbered floor The elevator stops and the doors slide open to a large, traditional Japanese Martial Arts School, where dozens of Yakuza soldiers are training. They all stop on cue as Sat and Tomio exit and bow in unison. Sato and Tomio bow back and then stride through the hall and out. The Yakuza retu to their practice. cut To:
47) 1) dialog: Striding through a museum room of antique Japanese weapon and suits of armor and down a shogi screened hallway. Fro the door at the end of the hall comes the strains of a fu orchestra playing Beethoven, the piano solo begins played perfection. Sato and Tomio enter the room to Tanaka seate at a concert piano. The orchestra is a tape played throug gigantic speakers. Tanaka's daughter turns the page of th score. Tanaka finishes with a grand flourish. Tomion puts the suitcase on the piano. Off to the side a stock ticker tape hums away.
47) 7) dialog: They have agreed to meet with us. You were right. They let sentiment get in the way of business. Tanaka closes the suitcase and pats it.
51) 0) text: Castle stalks through the lumber yard, cautious in the ee Silence. His senses keen and alert. A slight noise from behind spins him, shotgun at the ready. There is nothing. All of a sudden a brace of lumber from above him comes sliding off a second story shelf. Castle dives up a small aisle. The boards hit the aisle supports, breaking them. More lumber starts to fall. Castle rolls and runs, losing his shotgun, staying only a few inches ahead of the avalanche of wood. Bullets begin Spatter all around him and hell breaks loose. Castle turn the corner. Two Yakuza jump out with automatic guns. Castle hits a board sticking out of the pile, it swings b into the Yakuza knocking them over. Castle pulls a pistol out of his belt and pops up another aisle. Shots drive hi back. He spins and fires up. A body falls from above. Castle runs. A Yakuza jumps him from behind. He flips the man over and smashes his chest with an elbow crushing his sternum. As Castle is about to head for the exit another blazing gun blocks his way. He sprints up another aisle. 58. As he turns the corner, a hand grabs his arm. He is flung into a sheaf of boards. Tomio kiais loudly and attacks wi a large punch. Castle ducks. The punch smashes through th beam behind him, cracking it with awesome force. Tomio charges again. Castle blocks his punch and is cracked wit a backhand so strong it sends him spinning. Tomio jumps u and goes to stop Castle. Castle rolls out of the way at t last moment, grabs a 2x4 and rises to face Tomio. His P.0O.V. To the left a board holding back a stock of 2x4's. Tomio charges. Castle swings knocking the board away. The 2x4's fall on Tomio, burying him. Castle runs for the exit and almost makes it, but Sato jumps out and fires an uzi across his path. Castle takes off running through the stacks of lumber, drawing fire from all sides He swings onto a hoist and takes off sailing over the fen landing outside the yard. He slams the door as the Yakuza charge, firing, and bolts it with a thick board. He runs for his motorcycle across the street. Shake is nowhere to be found. The Yakuza across the way pound on t door. Castle mounts his chopper and takes off. CLOSE UP a hand swings a chain with a grappling hook. The hook flies through the air and lands in Castle's spokes. The bike upends. Castle flies off into a bunch of empty wooden crates. When he rises, the smallest black clad figure is walking towards him, masked but for the eyes. Castle's hand imperceptively grabs a wooden dowel. Waitin feigning incapacity until the black clad figure is almost upon him. He springs, swinging with the dowel. The Yakuza grabs his arm and flips him over effortlessly. Castle rol out. The Yakuza attacks. Castle barely gets out of the way. He grabs the Yakuza by the shoulder and goes to flip him around but a wheel kick spins before he can, catching him in the jaw. Stunned, another wheel kick drives him to his knees. Castle attempts to get up. He is kicked again and again. The other Yakuza come bursting out of the warehouse. Castle's vision blurs as the Yakuza come runni up. His assailant spins again, kicking him in the head. He falls to his knees. His P.0O.V. before he fades to blackness. The Yakuza removes the mask. It is Tanaka's daughter. A final wheel kick sends Castle spinning into darkness. FADE OUT.
57) 0) text: A dingy, deserted row of crumbling tenements. Half the street lamps are out along the block. A black car with black windows pulls up to one building. Sato exits and enters a tenement. cUuT TO:
58) 6) dialog: Put down gun.
58) 8) dialog: I give you three. One, two. Tommy drops the gun. Sato drops the child and backhands Tommy across the room. Sato barks orders in Japanese. The children are all gathered and herded back upstairs. Sato 68. grabs Tommy and drags him upstairs. The kids are put back in the room. Tommy is thrown into a small closet. The doo is locked. cuT TO:
61) 0) text: Sato looks up and down the street. A caravan of headlight appears at the far end. cur To:
64) 0) text: The gray vans pull up. Their drivers, rough looking Middl Eastern types, exit and shake hands with Sato. The sides the vans open to reveal manacles riveted to the walls and 69. floor below the blank benches. Sato talks into a walkie-talkie. cuUT TO:
65) 0) text: One of the Yakuza gets Sato's call on his hand set.
68) 0) text: Sato, growing impatient, calls into his hand set. He gets no answer. He heads into the building. cuT TO:
70) 0) text: Sato comes bursting in. He orders two of the Yakuza to follow him up the stairs. cut To:
70) 2) dialog: Hearing the noise, he sprints ahead of his escort taking stairs three at a time and sees Castle and Tommy run into the room. Sato jumps inte the room. Castle with Tommy hal 71. out the window, throws his knife. Sato ducks. The knife slams the door shut revealing one of the little children behind it, scared, sucking her thumb. Sato's eyes go to t child. He leaps. Castle leaps at Sato catching him broad side. They fight furiously. Tommy grabs the little girl and passes her down just as Castle is about to be stabbed Sato. Tommy turns, makes a decision and jumps hitting Sato's arm deflecting the knife. Castle rolls out but before he can save Tommy, the other Yakuza burst in and f their weapons, driving Castle out the window. He jumps do the fire escape hitting the bus roof and swinging inside just as fire starts raking the roof.
71) 0) text: Sato comes running out shouting orders to the drivers of three gray vans. A dozen Yakuza pile in the vans and take off. cuT TO:
72) 0) text: Castle barrels the bus down the narrow back alleys. Slamming anything that gets in his way; garbage cans, debris. His P.O.V. between buildings on the street runnin parallel to the alley. The gray vans in hot pursuit. Castle sees the end of the alley. A gray van suddenly ski in front, blocking his way. Yakuza jump out and start firing their automatic weapons. Castle hits the accelerator. His windshield shatters. The Yakuza jump out of the way. One goes through the open windshield as Castl blows into the van and turns left onto the street proper. The kids scream as the Yakuza runs toward Castle, a gun i his hand. Castle turns a corner sharply as the man reache him leveling his weapon. He opens the door and with one foot kicks the man out. He turns back to the road. His P.O.V. through the rear view mirror. Two vans in hot pursuit. The rear windows are shattered by gunfire. Castl turns onto another street. It is larger with oncoming traffic. Cars fly onto the curb hitting posts, running in buildings. One of the vans pulls up alongside the bus. 72. Through the side mirror, Castle's P.O.V. A Yakuza has jumped from the van grabbing the side of the bus. Castle swerves trying to knock him off but the man hangs on, try to climb up through a window. Two girls jump up and sink their teeth into his hands. The Yakuza falls off screamin The van pulls abreast of Castle. A Yakuza, in the driver' side, points his weapon. Castle hits his brake. The van shoots past, the shots missed. Now the van is in front of the bus. Castle hits the accelerator and bangs into the van. ANGLE ON the van's driver growing nervous as he loses control of the wheel. Gunmen inside try to open the rear door but the bus has them blocked closed. Castile pushes van hard off the street, and into a building. The van explodes. Castle spots the third van, coming at him from. the right He turns the wheel sharply onto an even wider boulevard. The gray van tries to pull alongside. Sato appears with a automatic weapon at the open door. Castle turns the bus just as the gun fires. Police sirens start to sound in th background. The gray van comes alongside again. Sato sets to jump through the open bus doors. Castle looks at Sato he is about to jump then Sato looks forward. He sees something which makes him change his mind. The van turns off sharply onto a side street. Castle turns his head forward. His P.O.V. Two dozen polic ears, their lights flashing, block the street. Cops are a around, guns pointed. Castle hits the brakes.
81) 0) text: Tanaka and her daughter dressed in traditional Japanese kimono are doing Ikebana, the art of traditional flower arranging. The shogi screen slides open and Tommy is brought in by Sato and Tomio. Tanaka smiles warmly.
92) 0) text: Castle stalking down a red, lit hallway past displays fil with antique weapons and suits of Japanese armor. As he passes two suits of armor, they suddenly come alive. Cast turns as two sickles flash out stripping him of his uzi a slicing into his Kevlar. The helmets come off revealing Tomio and Sato. Sato attacks with his sai. Castle grabs a antique sword from another set of armor and blocks the sa without an inch to spare. He counters, slashing at Sato's armor. The breastplate falls away. Sato spins and throws his third sai from his belt stripping Castle of his sword Castle kicks Sato sending him off balance and crashing through a glass display. The glass slashes through his entire exposed body. 87. Tomio attacks, a whirlwind with sickles. Castle back peddles, throwing a kimono rack in Tomio's path. Tomio slices right through it and keeps coming. He slashes as Castle twists away. The sickles cut the straps of the Kevlar suit and the beeper belt. With another quick move, the sickle points catch the Kevlar and rip it from Castle body. Tomio flings the armor away and charges Castle. Castle grabs a staff and tries to defend himself swinging Tomio's feet. Tomio jumps up and comes down splitting the staff with his sickles and cutting Castle neatly across t face. Castle swings a large metal weapon which knocks Tomio's sickles away. Tomio spins at the same time and kicks Castle with a back kick. Castle doubles over. Tomio knees him in the face. Castle falls back. Tomio spins again kicking his head left, then right. He punches Castl hard. Castle falls into a wall filled with weapons and sinks to the floor. Castle's P.O.V. His beeper within reach. Tomio grabs a Samurai sword from the wall, cocks his entire body back a charges Castle. Castle hits his beeper. cuT To: