1) 0) text: Heavy machinery stands like dinosaurs in the shadows. Ina small lit area in the middle of the room seven men stand around a table on which the open suitcase sits, filled wi Clear plastic bags of white powder. The two men who broug the bag, visibly anxious, watch as the CHEMIST checks the powder for purity with a test kit. Their eyes flick from the test to the four men across from them. Three thugs, B LOU, TOUGH TONY and FRANKIE THE FIST, flanking their boss an extremely stylishly dressed, impeccably coiffed hood, DAPPER DINO MORETTI. The Chemist looks at Moretti and shakes his head.
22) 0) text: A room full of hustlers. Tough guys in sharp clothes, drinking and carousing. SHAKESPEARE, a down and outer, whose shabby clothes and five day stubble border on dereliction, is trying to cadge a drink. He approaches a flashy thug and speaks in rhyme with a florid theatricall English accent.
22) 1) dialog: Excuse me, Kind sir, but I can't help but see in you a man far luckier than me.
22) 3) dialog: What ever you can spare would be sufficient I think, to Stand this thespian a very stiff drink.
22) 5) dialog: (dignified) An actor, sir. Realizing this is a performance the man laughs.
22) 9) dialog: You can't treat me like this, it's a lousy, bad plan. I demand some respect. I'm not trash. I'm a man! On that note, the bouncer flings Shake out the dear.
23) 0) text: Shake propelled out the bar door sprawls across the sidew of a dark deserted street.
23) 1) dialog: Maybe I should have tried some Eugene O'Neill. Shake sits up, he looks at the dollar bill ripped in half His spirits sink. He hears a sound. He turns right. His P.O.V. A bottle of scotch atop a small remote control toy dump truck, turns from the alley and heads toward him. Th bottle comes right up to him. The truck flashes its littl lights twice, turns and heads back towards the alley. Sha can't believe his eyes. He follows on his hands and knees The truck turns the corner, Shake follows getting closer closer until the truck goes between two legs and stops. Shake's P.O.V. A stylized brass skull sheathed in a black boot. Shake looks up and gulps. He stands, smiling weakly at Castle who looks at Shake menacingly. The truck's remo control unit in his hand. Shake stands, obsequious.
23) 2) dialog: Hi there. Nice weather we're having for this time of year.
23) 4) dialog: (self-pitying) I know, I know all about it. Been hearing it all my life. Shirks responsibility, can't keep an appointment, a friend, a job; disappoints everyone. Castle steps within a hair's breath of Shake. 32.
23) 6) dialog: Right, just what I was about to say. There are a select few...
23) 8) dialog: The dope, the dope. Oh that. Pier Thirty. Castle fixes Shake with a hard stare, hands him the bottl of scotch from the dump truck, and turns around to mount chopper.
23) 9) dialog: But the location's not the big story. Castle turns.
23) 10) dialog: Who'll be there is.
23) 12) dialog: Everyone. They're all working together now. One big happy family. Under the fatherly wing of your old friend Gianni Franco. Castle starts his chopper.
23) 13) dialog: Mr. P. He toasts Castle with the bottle of scotch.
23) 14) dialog: Happy hunting. Castle kicks the chopper into gear, zooming off as Shake takes a long pull off the bottle. curt TO: 33.
45) 0) text: Shake descends into the sewer. He reaches the bottom and lights a match.
45) 1) dialog: Hello. Hello. Come out, come out wherever you are. The match goes out. Shake lights another. A rat scurries across his foot. He yelps, dropping the match plunging himself into darkness.
45) 2) dialog: Bubble, bubble, toil and trouble, I'd better get out of here on the double. He lights another match, jumping back. Castle stands in front of him, his mouth drawn in a tight line. Shake screams, startled. Castle hits a switch on the wall. Dim maintenance lights come one.
45) 3) dialog: You know with your flair for entrances you should consider a career in theater.
45) 5) dialog: What would I be doing tramping around the sewers of this great metropolis?
45) 7) dialog: Very funny. I bring you news, you give me grief. You know they all think you're dead. 49.
45) 9) dialog: But, there's more.
45) 11) dialog: And what will you do while the carnage ensues? Castle mounts his bike.
45) 13) dialog: Yes, I hear the sewers of Paris are lovely this time of year. Castle hits the starter on his bike.
45) 14) dialog: And what about the children? Castle stops abruptly at the mention of the word.
45) 16) dialog: The children of the new bosses, snatched out of thin air by the Japanese. If their fathers don't make a deal, the world will not see their like again.
45) 18) dialog: Because you punish the guilty, not the innocent. Castle reaches into his saddle bag and pulls out a bottle liquor and hands it to Shake. Shake refuses. 50.
45) 19) dialog: This one's on the house. Castle recognizes Shake's altruism and drives off. cut To:
50) 0) text: Castle and Shake pull up across the street on Castle's chopper. Castle has his auto shotgun slung over his back and a .09mm pistol stuck in his waistband.
50) 2) dialog: I'd stake my reputation on it. If I had one. Castle dismounts and checks his shotgun and the pistol.
50) 3) dialog: Got a spare? 57.
50) 5) dialog: The critics said the same thing about my Hamlet.
51) 0) text: Castle stalks through the lumber yard, cautious in the ee Silence. His senses keen and alert. A slight noise from behind spins him, shotgun at the ready. There is nothing. All of a sudden a brace of lumber from above him comes sliding off a second story shelf. Castle dives up a small aisle. The boards hit the aisle supports, breaking them. More lumber starts to fall. Castle rolls and runs, losing his shotgun, staying only a few inches ahead of the avalanche of wood. Bullets begin Spatter all around him and hell breaks loose. Castle turn the corner. Two Yakuza jump out with automatic guns. Castle hits a board sticking out of the pile, it swings b into the Yakuza knocking them over. Castle pulls a pistol out of his belt and pops up another aisle. Shots drive hi back. He spins and fires up. A body falls from above. Castle runs. A Yakuza jumps him from behind. He flips the man over and smashes his chest with an elbow crushing his sternum. As Castle is about to head for the exit another blazing gun blocks his way. He sprints up another aisle. 58. As he turns the corner, a hand grabs his arm. He is flung into a sheaf of boards. Tomio kiais loudly and attacks wi a large punch. Castle ducks. The punch smashes through th beam behind him, cracking it with awesome force. Tomio charges again. Castle blocks his punch and is cracked wit a backhand so strong it sends him spinning. Tomio jumps u and goes to stop Castle. Castle rolls out of the way at t last moment, grabs a 2x4 and rises to face Tomio. His P.0O.V. To the left a board holding back a stock of 2x4's. Tomio charges. Castle swings knocking the board away. The 2x4's fall on Tomio, burying him. Castle runs for the exit and almost makes it, but Sato jumps out and fires an uzi across his path. Castle takes off running through the stacks of lumber, drawing fire from all sides He swings onto a hoist and takes off sailing over the fen landing outside the yard. He slams the door as the Yakuza charge, firing, and bolts it with a thick board. He runs for his motorcycle across the street. Shake is nowhere to be found. The Yakuza across the way pound on t door. Castle mounts his chopper and takes off. CLOSE UP a hand swings a chain with a grappling hook. The hook flies through the air and lands in Castle's spokes. The bike upends. Castle flies off into a bunch of empty wooden crates. When he rises, the smallest black clad figure is walking towards him, masked but for the eyes. Castle's hand imperceptively grabs a wooden dowel. Waitin feigning incapacity until the black clad figure is almost upon him. He springs, swinging with the dowel. The Yakuza grabs his arm and flips him over effortlessly. Castle rol out. The Yakuza attacks. Castle barely gets out of the way. He grabs the Yakuza by the shoulder and goes to flip him around but a wheel kick spins before he can, catching him in the jaw. Stunned, another wheel kick drives him to his knees. Castle attempts to get up. He is kicked again and again. The other Yakuza come bursting out of the warehouse. Castle's vision blurs as the Yakuza come runni up. His assailant spins again, kicking him in the head. He falls to his knees. His P.0O.V. before he fades to blackness. The Yakuza removes the mask. It is Tanaka's daughter. A final wheel kick sends Castle spinning into darkness. FADE OUT.
51) 24) dialog: Go. Take care of the children. 62.
53) 0) text: Castle gently tucks Shake into his bed after having banda him. He grabs a small sawed-off shotgun and a pistol and exits. cuUT TO:
64) 0) text: The gray vans pull up. Their drivers, rough looking Middl Eastern types, exit and shake hands with Sato. The sides the vans open to reveal manacles riveted to the walls and 69. floor below the blank benches. Sato talks into a walkie-talkie. cuUT TO:
75) 0) text: Castle jerks up from his cot, his body soaked with sweat. His chest rises and falls like a marathon runner's. He is shaken to his very soul. cuT To:
82) 0) text: Franco, Castile and Shake huddle over blueprints. Shake moves in too close to Franco who looks at him askance wit distance. Shake smiles at him mischievously and moves a step closer. Franco and Castle are armed to the teeth wit uzis and pistols.
82) 7) dialog: sir? He holds out his hand. Castle regards him for a moment an takes his hand and shakes it.
82) 8) dialog: Just in case. It's been an honer to know you.
84) 0) text: Shake reading his paper locks down at his beeper. His P.O.V. a large rat is making its way towards the beeper. Shake goes to swat it with his newspaper. The rat scurrie away. The beeper tips and falls through a narrow space in the floor. Shake groans and tries to reach the beeper straining his fingers. It is just a bit out of reach. cuT TO: 84.
86) 0) text: Shake strains to reach the remote control when a huge rat attacks his hand. He screams in pain withdrawing his bloodied fingers. curt To:
87) 0) text: Shake sees the first light go on. He forces his hand back in. The rat attacks again. curt To: 85.
89) 0) text: The rat takes another bit of Shake's hand as he tries vai to reach the box. Finally, Shake pulls his hand out, grab the revolver Castle left him and drills the rat with four quick shots. Shake tries to jam the gun barrel down and touch the button. It will not fit through the grating. He grabs the dagger and with the point pushes the first swit the electric box some ten yards off explodes throwing Sha to the ground. cut TO: 86.
93) 0) text: Shake sees the second light go on and hits the switch wit his knife. cur TO:
96) 0) text: Half a dozen police cars, lights swirling, surround the entrance. Berkowitz's car comes to a screeching halt as a manhole cover in the street opens and Shake comes hobblin out. Berkowitz exits his car and runs right into Shake, knocking him down.
96) 2) dialog: Don't worry about this poor old slob. Get on the case, do your job. Berkowitz looks. at this rhyming bum askance.
96) 4) dialog: I operate under my own power. Thank you. As he pulls away, something falls out of his coat and clatters to the sidewalk. Berkowitz turns at the sound. His P.O.V. The skull dagger. He strides over and picks it up.