25) 2) dialog: Very difficult.
25) 4) dialog: Fuck you! Tim pushes Bill. Bill pulls a gun. Tarrone jumps in.
30) 8) dialog: Here they come.
92) 0) text: Castle stalking down a red, lit hallway past displays fil with antique weapons and suits of Japanese armor. As he passes two suits of armor, they suddenly come alive. Cast turns as two sickles flash out stripping him of his uzi a slicing into his Kevlar. The helmets come off revealing Tomio and Sato. Sato attacks with his sai. Castle grabs a antique sword from another set of armor and blocks the sa without an inch to spare. He counters, slashing at Sato's armor. The breastplate falls away. Sato spins and throws his third sai from his belt stripping Castle of his sword Castle kicks Sato sending him off balance and crashing through a glass display. The glass slashes through his entire exposed body. 87. Tomio attacks, a whirlwind with sickles. Castle back peddles, throwing a kimono rack in Tomio's path. Tomio slices right through it and keeps coming. He slashes as Castle twists away. The sickles cut the straps of the Kevlar suit and the beeper belt. With another quick move, the sickle points catch the Kevlar and rip it from Castle body. Tomio flings the armor away and charges Castle. Castle grabs a staff and tries to defend himself swinging Tomio's feet. Tomio jumps up and comes down splitting the staff with his sickles and cutting Castle neatly across t face. Castle swings a large metal weapon which knocks Tomio's sickles away. Tomio spins at the same time and kicks Castle with a back kick. Castle doubles over. Tomio knees him in the face. Castle falls back. Tomio spins again kicking his head left, then right. He punches Castl hard. Castle falls into a wall filled with weapons and sinks to the floor. Castle's P.O.V. His beeper within reach. Tomio grabs a Samurai sword from the wall, cocks his entire body back a charges Castle. Castle hits his beeper. cuT To:
98) 0) text: In the smokey rubble-filled lobby the cops wait anxiously a repair man takes his time trying to get the elevators t work. Berkowitz is exploding with impatience.