37) 0) text: PAN from the top of the sheer glass, black skyscraper to ground floor where a long black limo waits. The doors to the building open. Sato and Tomio, the tall and stout bla clad figures, unmasked now, clad in the height of Japanes New Wave fashion with haircuts to match, exit and secure 41. short distance from door to car. A moment later, LADY TANAKA, a striking looking Japanese woman in her late forties dressed in a conservative white business suit exi accompanied by a slightly built American woman in her ear twenties, dressed in hot, tight black leather. The two women get into the rear of the limo, the two men into the front. The car drives off. cur To:
46) 0) text: Sato and Tomio enter the building carrying a suitcase. curt To:
47) 0) text: Sato and Tomio, carrying a suitcase, and several other passengers watch the elevator go up. 38, 39, 40. The last floor. Everyone gets out except for Sato and Tomie. The doors close. Sato takes out a key and inserts it into a slot. The elevator starts up again to an unnumbered floor The elevator stops and the doors slide open to a large, traditional Japanese Martial Arts School, where dozens of Yakuza soldiers are training. They all stop on cue as Sat and Tomio exit and bow in unison. Sato and Tomio bow back and then stride through the hall and out. The Yakuza retu to their practice. cut To:
47) 1) dialog: Striding through a museum room of antique Japanese weapon and suits of armor and down a shogi screened hallway. Fro the door at the end of the hall comes the strains of a fu orchestra playing Beethoven, the piano solo begins played perfection. Sato and Tomio enter the room to Tanaka seate at a concert piano. The orchestra is a tape played throug gigantic speakers. Tanaka's daughter turns the page of th score. Tanaka finishes with a grand flourish. Tomion puts the suitcase on the piano. Off to the side a stock ticker tape hums away.
47) 3) dialog: The money for the children. Hasan agreed on your price. (MORE )
47) 5) dialog: Two hundred fifty thousand dollars per child and an additional bonus of one hundred thousand for each girl over twelve. We will net 2.25 million dollars from the sale.
51) 0) text: Castle stalks through the lumber yard, cautious in the ee Silence. His senses keen and alert. A slight noise from behind spins him, shotgun at the ready. There is nothing. All of a sudden a brace of lumber from above him comes sliding off a second story shelf. Castle dives up a small aisle. The boards hit the aisle supports, breaking them. More lumber starts to fall. Castle rolls and runs, losing his shotgun, staying only a few inches ahead of the avalanche of wood. Bullets begin Spatter all around him and hell breaks loose. Castle turn the corner. Two Yakuza jump out with automatic guns. Castle hits a board sticking out of the pile, it swings b into the Yakuza knocking them over. Castle pulls a pistol out of his belt and pops up another aisle. Shots drive hi back. He spins and fires up. A body falls from above. Castle runs. A Yakuza jumps him from behind. He flips the man over and smashes his chest with an elbow crushing his sternum. As Castle is about to head for the exit another blazing gun blocks his way. He sprints up another aisle. 58. As he turns the corner, a hand grabs his arm. He is flung into a sheaf of boards. Tomio kiais loudly and attacks wi a large punch. Castle ducks. The punch smashes through th beam behind him, cracking it with awesome force. Tomio charges again. Castle blocks his punch and is cracked wit a backhand so strong it sends him spinning. Tomio jumps u and goes to stop Castle. Castle rolls out of the way at t last moment, grabs a 2x4 and rises to face Tomio. His P.0O.V. To the left a board holding back a stock of 2x4's. Tomio charges. Castle swings knocking the board away. The 2x4's fall on Tomio, burying him. Castle runs for the exit and almost makes it, but Sato jumps out and fires an uzi across his path. Castle takes off running through the stacks of lumber, drawing fire from all sides He swings onto a hoist and takes off sailing over the fen landing outside the yard. He slams the door as the Yakuza charge, firing, and bolts it with a thick board. He runs for his motorcycle across the street. Shake is nowhere to be found. The Yakuza across the way pound on t door. Castle mounts his chopper and takes off. CLOSE UP a hand swings a chain with a grappling hook. The hook flies through the air and lands in Castle's spokes. The bike upends. Castle flies off into a bunch of empty wooden crates. When he rises, the smallest black clad figure is walking towards him, masked but for the eyes. Castle's hand imperceptively grabs a wooden dowel. Waitin feigning incapacity until the black clad figure is almost upon him. He springs, swinging with the dowel. The Yakuza grabs his arm and flips him over effortlessly. Castle rol out. The Yakuza attacks. Castle barely gets out of the way. He grabs the Yakuza by the shoulder and goes to flip him around but a wheel kick spins before he can, catching him in the jaw. Stunned, another wheel kick drives him to his knees. Castle attempts to get up. He is kicked again and again. The other Yakuza come bursting out of the warehouse. Castle's vision blurs as the Yakuza come runni up. His assailant spins again, kicking him in the head. He falls to his knees. His P.0O.V. before he fades to blackness. The Yakuza removes the mask. It is Tanaka's daughter. A final wheel kick sends Castle spinning into darkness. FADE OUT.
81) 0) text: Tanaka and her daughter dressed in traditional Japanese kimono are doing Ikebana, the art of traditional flower arranging. The shogi screen slides open and Tommy is brought in by Sato and Tomio. Tanaka smiles warmly.
92) 0) text: Castle stalking down a red, lit hallway past displays fil with antique weapons and suits of Japanese armor. As he passes two suits of armor, they suddenly come alive. Cast turns as two sickles flash out stripping him of his uzi a slicing into his Kevlar. The helmets come off revealing Tomio and Sato. Sato attacks with his sai. Castle grabs a antique sword from another set of armor and blocks the sa without an inch to spare. He counters, slashing at Sato's armor. The breastplate falls away. Sato spins and throws his third sai from his belt stripping Castle of his sword Castle kicks Sato sending him off balance and crashing through a glass display. The glass slashes through his entire exposed body. 87. Tomio attacks, a whirlwind with sickles. Castle back peddles, throwing a kimono rack in Tomio's path. Tomio slices right through it and keeps coming. He slashes as Castle twists away. The sickles cut the straps of the Kevlar suit and the beeper belt. With another quick move, the sickle points catch the Kevlar and rip it from Castle body. Tomio flings the armor away and charges Castle. Castle grabs a staff and tries to defend himself swinging Tomio's feet. Tomio jumps up and comes down splitting the staff with his sickles and cutting Castle neatly across t face. Castle swings a large metal weapon which knocks Tomio's sickles away. Tomio spins at the same time and kicks Castle with a back kick. Castle doubles over. Tomio knees him in the face. Castle falls back. Tomio spins again kicking his head left, then right. He punches Castl hard. Castle falls into a wall filled with weapons and sinks to the floor. Castle's P.O.V. His beeper within reach. Tomio grabs a Samurai sword from the wall, cocks his entire body back a charges Castle. Castle hits his beeper. cuT To:
95) 0) text: The force of the explosion rocks the building. Tomio lose his balance as he is about to slash at Castle and falis backward. Castle grabs a spear off of the wall and flings it for all he is worth. The spear pierces through Tomio's antique armor with such force it comes out the other side pinning the man to the wall behind him.