4) 0) text: Two limos pull up to the entrance. Moretti and a half a dozen henchmen exit from one, and form a protective squad around the other. Moretti opens the door and an ENGLISH GOVERNESS steps out followed by five year old TOMMY, exci to be at the airport.
4) 1) dialog: Come on, Dad! A moment passes, and then GIANNI FRANCO emerges; impeccab tailoring, perfectly cut hair. A man exuding confidence. Power. Control.
4) 3) dialog: (impatient) Dad! The planes! 12. Franco smiles, takes his son's hand and allows himself to pulled into the terminal. The bodyguards follow him closely. cuUuT TO:
6) 3) dialog: Hey Dad, look. Franco stops and joins his son at a window. Their P.Oo.V. A 747 lifting off. 13.
6) 4) dialog: Do you know how they make planes fly dad?
6) 7) dialog: You know everything, don't you, Dad?
6) 11) dialog: You mean when you throwed up on him? Franco smiles. The entourage hurries on. cuT TO:
10) 5) dialog: Are you a real policeman? Castle looks down at Tommy eyeing the shield on his jacke
10) 7) dialog: Well where's your gun?
10) 10) dialog: (serious) Oh. (beat) That's a good idea.
10) 12) dialog: Uh-huh!
10) 14) dialog: Okay. Tommy scampers over to the governess.
20) 0) text: Reporters are gathered around a terminal exit. At the cur a black limo waits, the door held open by JIM TARRONE, 28 the mafia gone Yuppie via Versace. Tarrone scowls at the reporters. The terminal doors swing open and three burly bodyguards, carrying luggage, exit, followed by Franco as self-assured and strongly handsome as ever; and Tommy, nearly twelve, beside him. The same self-assurance in his eye.
21) 2) dialog: Hey dad, I didn't know you were so famous.
21) 5) dialog: Oh yeah, hi. 28.
21) 7) dialog: All right.
42) 0) text: Tommy Franco comes out of the building, his books under h arm. Ahead of him in front of the school a black limousin is waiting. He walks up to it and looks in. Tommy knocks on the front window. 46.
42) 1) dialog: Hey Roger? There is no response so Tommy opens the back door himself The driver's side opens. Two hands reach out and pull him inside the car. The chauffeur, his throat slit, is dumped out. The limo takes off.
43) 0) text: Tommy blindfolded, his mouth taped, is hustled down a lon hallway by two Yakuza to a metal door guarded by another Japanese. The door is opened. The tape is ripped from his mouth, the blindfold from his eyes. Tommy is thrown into dimly lit room. His eyes adjust to the new light. His P.O.V. Fifteen children of all ages from thirteen on down some weeping, all scared. curt TO:
48) 0) text: The mafia kids are huddled in the dim light, scared. Tomm tries to break the wooden boards covering the windows. He succeeds only to find metal shutters behind them. A littl girl begins to cry. Tommy comforts her.
48) 1) dialog: Hey, don't cry. We're going to be okay. He gives her a candy from his pocket.
48) 3) dialog: That's not true. 52.
48) 5) dialog: I don't know.
48) 7) dialog: Then why am I here? My father's not a gangster.
48) 9) dialog: Bull shit!
48) 12) dialog: Let go! Get off!
48) 17) dialog: When? Tanaka caresses the child’s face. She walks over to Tommy and stares at him.
48) 22) dialog: You believe her? The other boys watch Tommy for a moment and then start foraging for weapon material. cuT TO:
58) 0) text: Tommy listens at the door. When he hears footsteps, he draws back and picks up his homemade weapon. He has organized the other kids. All the older ones have make-shift weapons as well. The younger cones hug the bac wall. 67.
58) 1) dialog: Remember the plan. The door starts to open.
58) 2) dialog: Now! As the two men enter, Tommy lunges at one with his spear, pinning the man through the chest. The children overwhelm the second guard with their weapons. All the kids charge out of the room, Tommy leading. He now has a gun. A Yakuz in the hall stands to confront them. Tommy blows them awa
58) 3) dialog: This way! Watch the little ones. The kids run down the stairs. Sato, at the bottom, looks up. Tommy fires three shots at him. Sato ducks back.
58) 4) dialog: Come on, let's go! The kids run down the stairs, Tommy covering them with th gun. They are three quarters of the way down when Sato jumps at Tommy, a bullet grazing his arm. He grabs Tommy and flings him against the wall. The other guards spring into action, jumping on all the kids. Tommy sees a spare gun lying by a chair. In the confusion he grabs it and fires it in the air. Everyone stops and turns. He points the automatic weapon at the Yakuza.
58) 5) dialog: Okay, let them go! I said, let them go! In an instant, Sato whips out a knife and grabs a little girl. The knife goes to her throat.
58) 7) dialog: Let her go!
81) 0) text: Tanaka and her daughter dressed in traditional Japanese kimono are doing Ikebana, the art of traditional flower arranging. The shogi screen slides open and Tommy is brought in by Sato and Tomio. Tanaka smiles warmly.
81) 2) dialog: (excited) I'm going home?
97) 2) dialog: Dad! Tanaka stops then hurries through the door. Her daughter fires a .09mm at Franco. He dives for cover. She makes he escape. Franco recovers and goes after them. CcuT TO:
101) 0) text: Franco runs down a corridor towards the two doors to Tanaka's private quarters. He bursts through the doors an stops cold in the doorway. Tanaka stands in the middle of the room with a knife to Tommy's throat.
101) 13) dialog: Okay Dad. Tommy walks towards the door. Franco approaches Castle. Castle's P.O.V. Franco's hard vengeful eyes, the gun in h hand. There is no doubt as to his intent. Castle sits bleeding, battered, seemingly exhausted. He does not move A man awaiting his fate.
101) 15) dialog: Dad! Not Franco keeps his eyes on Castle. His gun leveled.
101) 17) dialog: He saved you. He saved me.
101) 19) dialog: I do understand. You are what they said. Franco turns angry.
101) 21) dialog: I'm going to kill you! Castle stops in the doorway and turns slowly.
101) 22) dialog: I don't care how long it takes. When I'm old enough I'm going to learn how to use a gun and I'm going to find you and I'm going to kill you. Castle takes Franco's gun walks towards Tommy. The His chest heaves with it. takes the gun, raises it, out of his waistband and slowly hate in Tommy's eyes is unabating. He doesn't back down. Castile points it at Tommy.
103) 0) text: Castle hears Berkowitz. He steps away from Tommy ready to leave.
103) 4) dialog: Tommy Franco.