0) 5) text: JESSE'S scars and wounds:
1) 0) text: JESSE, sleepless, at the kitchen table:
2) 19) dialog: How'd you know?
2) 23) dialog: Of course it is.
2) 25) dialog: You've never been with the gang before, have you?
2) 27) dialog: Yes?
2) 30) dialog: Well, Buck does the figuring. Do you know what this stew needs, Bob? BOB is perplexed:
2) 34) dialog: You've got canals in your head you never dreamed of. BOB is dumbfounded.
2) 36) dialog: I don’t care who comes with me. Never have. I’m what they call gregarious. FRANK JAMES is drinking coffee and scowling as he sits on of the fire. JESSE raises his voice:
2) 37) dialog: I hear you and young Stovepipe here had a real nice visit. FRANK looks askance at BOB and flings the dregs of his co ground.
2) 39) dialog: You can stick with me but don’t heel. I don’t want to bust into you every time I have the notion to change direction.
2) 40) text: I‘m not a moron, for Heaven's sake. JESSE curtains his coat halves over his revolvers.
2) 41) dialog: They’re supposed to have a hundred thousand dollars in that express car; at least that’s what the gossip is.
2) 46) dialog: About two years ago we robbed the same . railroad, only it was right in Glendale we boarded her.
2) 48) dialog: Do you know what happened five years ago to the day? To the day? What happened on September seventh in eighteen seventy-six?
2) 50) dialog: That’s right.
2) 52) dialog: Bill Chadwell, Clell Miller, Charlie Pitts - they were killed outright. The Youngers have been in prison ever since. It’s painful to recall.
2) 54) dialog: So you can see how this date would have an aroma for me. Then JESSE pricks up likes an animal might. EXT. BLUE CUT RAILBED - NIGHT. He hops down the bank in three plunging steps, shakes out cuffs, and keels to put his ear to the rails. The hum of locomotive is like insects in a jar.
2) 55) dialog: She's right on schedule, Buck!
3) 3) dialog: You two best come down from your machine and bring a coal pick along.
3) 5) dialog: Gentlemen, I’m Jesse James; the man you’ve read so much about. EXT. BAGGAGE/EXPRESS CAR - NIGHT. The BAGGAGEMASTER and EXPRESS MESSENGER have their heads door at radically different heights. t
3) 11) dialog: Why don’t you smash it in. The ENGINEER grunts the coal pick up and swings it into t the latch. The wood splinters loudly. He has to tug hard the embedded spike.
3) 12) dialog: (to BOB) The locked doors and the smashing them down, that’s a little skit we run through each time — sort of like grace before dinner. The ENGINEER swings again: INT. BAGGAGE/EXPRESS CAR - SAMETIME. The wood screams and folds inward from the blow. The MESS that they'll get in anyway and goes for the bolts:
3) 14) dialog: That’s a woman’s satchel; all fancy bead work and paper flowers. 13
3) 16) dialog: I want you to open that safe. The MESSENGER looks to the BAGGAGEMASTER for council - bu head is down. He looks back at JESSE with his nervous smi FORD steps forward and strikes him over the skull with hi man drops to his knees, blood shoelacing his face. The BA backs to wall in horror.
3) 18) dialog: Yes, he did. They need the convincing. They got their company rules and I got my mean streak and that’s how we get things done. CHARLEY grins with accomplishment and JESSE clears some r the only safe he can see.
3) 19) dialog: Come over here and attend to this now. We hear a wild and scrambled off-screen fusillade and DIC outside to see what’s going on: - NIGHT.
4) 3) dialog: Isn’t no hundred thousand dollars in here, Dick. DICK looks into the grain sack:
4) 5) dialog: Get down on your knees.
4) 7) dialog: You oughta pray; I’m going to kill you.
4) 9) dialog: Get down!
4) 11) dialog: All right. JESSE socks the man with his pistol and he drops like emp JESSE looks at him for a moment, then cocks his pistol an against the unconscious man’s head. ED MILLER reacts with
4) 13) dialog: Don’t you tell me what I can and can’t do. EXT. BLUE CUT RAILBED - NIGHT. BOB FORD, standing over the ENGINEER and the STOKER, watc jumps down from the EXPRESS CAR. JESSE encourages the MES BAGGAGEMASTER outside with his gun. The MESSENGER stagger BOB, bleeding profusely, and crashes down into the weeds. the wound in panic.
4) 14) dialog: We’re going to go through the cars. If any of them so much as twitch, give their coconuts a sockdolager: that’s a language they understand. 15 INT. PASSENGER CAR - NIGHT. WOOD HITE’S boot slams the door aside, and he enters, an flour sack over his head, his twelve-gauge thrust forward
4) 23) dialog: How much did you lose?
4) 25) dialog: Here‘s the principal and interest on your money. . The sound of wood splintering is heard and JESSE turns to and ED MILLER attacking the bedding and boxes in the slee The whole affair degenerating into a carousal. JESSE shou
4) 26) dialog: Okay! Enough! Let’s vamoose! EXT. SOUTHERN RIDGE - NIGHT. The gang scrabble up the bank to the woods. We follow BOB CHARLEY waits with the gathered horses. BOB removes his m cut out eyes.
4) 32) dialog: This here is a proclamation by the governor of Missouri. (beat, he glares for effect) It mentions Glendale and how certain parties confederated to steal what was on that train. It goes on about the Winston shebang last summer and then it says that the governor, one Thomas T. Crittenden, is offering a reward of five thousand dollars for the arrest and delivery of Frank James or Jesse James to the sheriff of Daviess County. It goes on to offer a further reward of five thousand dollars for our conviction of either of these crimes. The governor has a regular toothache over the James gang. My guess is hhe‘ll agree to just about anything thing if it‘ll make the pain go away. (beat) But you won’t none of you get away with bargaining or making exchanges. I’ve got a wife and two children I‘ve got to look out for.
4) 34) dialog: I know I can, Ed. EXT. KANSAS CITY, OUTSKIRTS - NIGHT. The JAMES the FORD BROTHERS and WOOD HITE ride into KANSA cold rain that knuckles their hats and sinks their horses mire. INT. WOODLAND AVE. COTTAGE - NIGHT. ZEE JAMES is asleep on the sofa. JESSE creaks open the ki surprises her awake with a kiss. INT. WOODLAND AVE. KITCHEN - NIGHT. ZEE boils water. 18
4) 35) dialog: I was at a cattle auction in Independence. Had a good day too. She doesn’t look up from the saucepan.
4) 37) dialog: Come out of it real satisfactory. He jumps up from his chair and ganders out at the red bar sit still.
4) 38) dialog: Guess who I ran into? She gives JESSE a wifely look and removes a jar from the
4) 39) dialog: Buck, for one. Then Wood Hite and two coves of his. They’re with the animals right now.
4) 41) dialog: (grins) About the most they ask is that they come out of a swap meet with all their fingers and toes. He adjusts a dry hat on his head, and then, without justi exit, heads out to the stables. INT. BARN. WOODLAND AVE - NIGHT. Coal-oil lanterns gladden the interior of the barn, but F gloomy and glaring at the younger men’s slipshod manageme horses. He sees JESSE appear at the Dutch door and grumpi himself on a long bench, his legs wide, his fingers joine yellow cigarette. The JAMES brothers do not speak. EXT. BARN. WOODLAND AVE - NIGHT. JESSE stands just inside the sloshing eave peering at his with melancholy. It’s a moment before he perceives that B standing to his right.
4) 42) dialog: You must’ve creeped up on cat’s paws.
4) 44) dialog: How old are you, kid? 19
4) 46) dialog: You feel older than that though, don’t you?
4) 48) dialog: You enjoy yourself this evening?
4) 50) dialog: Do you like tea? INT. BARN. WOODLAND AVE. - LATER. FRANK gathers two horse blankets and makes his way to an
4) 60) dialog: It‘s a wonderful world.
4) 62) dialog: I see.
4) 65) dialog: Can’t say so.
4) 67) dialog: They're all lies, you know. 21°
4) 69) dialog: You don’t have to keep smoking that if it’s making you bungey. BOB is relieved. He reaches over the banister and drops t puddle. JESSE smiles: JESSE . You know what Charley once told me about you? He said you had a shoebox practically filled with James boys mementoes. BOB submerges his resentment.
4) 71) dialog: Or maybe it was Bunny who did that.
4) 73) dialog: (calling out) Evening, Chas!
4) 76) dialog: They’ve got you working late again!
4) 78) dialog: You don‘t mean it! (calling after him) If they put a posse together get me into it, will ya? The man crosses the street to his yard.
4) 80) dialog: I’m a no good, Bob. I ain’t Jesus. 22 JESSE gets up, goes back inside the bungalow, and closes FADE OUT.
7) 0) text: JESSE sits in a rocker that is submerged to its seat in g weeds. Beat.
7) 1) dialog: My brother and me, we’re scarcely on speaking terms these days.
7) 3) dialog: You scared?
7) 5) dialog: They aren't as succulent as I like and they’re the devil to clean but if a man skins them and fries them in garlic and oil - mercy, it’s good eating.
7) 7) dialog: I give them names.
7) 9) dialog: Such as enemies. I give them the names of enemies. 23 ~~ He lays the snakes on the arm of his chair and careful heads with his knife. The bodies curl and thrash. He flic into the grass.
7) 10) dialog: Go tell Wood and Charley to get their gatherings together.
7) 12) dialog: You can stay. INT. BARN, WOODLAND AVE. - DAY. The dismissal hits WOOD hard: wooD I’m his cousin! My momma was his daddy’s--?
8) 0) text: When they exit JESSE is at the compost crib, drooling the onto the mulch.
8) 1) dialog: Wood? You tell your daddy I’'1l be in Kentucky in October and maybe we can hunt some birds together. wooD But how come it’s Bob who gets to stay?
8) 2) dialog: Bob’s going to move my gear to a house down. the street. CHARLEY winks at his brother.
8) 6) dialog: I’ll keep it in mind. wooD You know where I’'1l be. JESSE limps over to the bungalow.
8) 7) dialog: It’s been pleasant. At the porch door he gives BOB an exacting look which imp already beginning to suspect his own judgment.
8) 8) dialog: You've got some packing to do, kid.
11) 0) text: Action as per voice-over: 25 NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) He curried the horse next to the horse that Jesse curried.
13) 0) text: Action as per voice-over: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) -and made trips to the Topeka Exchange saloon, where Jesse could spend nearly sixty minutes sipping one glass of beer and still complain about feeling tipsy.
14) 0) text: JESSE chats with a man in the street. Move in on BOB. NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) if Jesse palavered with another person, Bob secretaried their dialogue, getting each inflection, reading every gesture and tick, as if he wanted to compose a biography of the outlaw, or as if he were preparing an impersonation.
15) 0) text: JESSE wades in the shallows with his trousers rolled. BOB nannies TIM on the steep bank. A fire burns next to t JESSE sloshes up the cliff and looks down at the fishing
15) 1) dialog: Any nibbles?
15) 3) dialog: (cautions: ) Little rabbits have big ears, Bob. 26
15) 5) dialog: You want to go play? TIM slides down the weeds without saying, going down to t father had walked in. JESSE unlids a mason jar and hands swallows, spilling beer on his chin.
15) 6) dialog: Good?
15) 8) dialog: Your people God-fearing, Bob?
15) 10) dialog: Rich or poor? BOB thinks about it.
15) 12) dialog: A man of principles. '
15) 14) dialog: Don’t get yourself all soaked now you little honyock. JESSE starts putting on his socks and boots.
15) 15) dialog: You ever hear any gossip about my father and Frank’s being two different men? 27
15) 17) dialog: They say that was the reason my papa went West in the Gold Rush: he couldn’t support the shame of it. What do you think of a story like that?
15) 19) dialog: (angry) I think it’s a goddamned lie.
15) 22) dialog: You‘re not giving me enough clues.
15) 25) dialog: I would have stopped you by now.
15) 30) dialog: Well, hell, how could I if it isn’t true?
15) 32) dialog: You‘’re gonna have to explain why I oughta laugh then.
15) 34) dialog: I've got a story for you that’s true as a razor. This’1l give you an example of putting aman in his place, and it don’t depend upon any prevaricating. Once me and Frank were riding in the countryside and got hungry, so we went up to this farmhouse and asked would this widow lady make us some supper.
15) 36) dialog: You've heard it?
15) 40) dialog: ‘I‘1l gladly pay you,’ I say, and she said that was all right, we looked like genuine Christians and she’d do us the good turn. Kid, I want to tell you, that was one scrumptious supper. She went all out. But Frank saw she was crying and when he asked why, she said the mortgage was coming due and that the loan manager was going to be there any minute to repossess the Place. And her a poor Widow! Can you imagine? Well now, Frank and me, we insist on paying her something; and you know what we gave her?
15) 42) dialog: You have heard this one.
15) 44) dialog: So we gave her what she needed and we go, and on the highway who‘s coming our way but the loan manager. He greets us but doesn’t give Frank and me a second thought, he’s that greedy to get hold of that farm. Much to his surprise, of course, she paid him off and in no time he was plodding along the road with his wallet bulging his coat out and his grin on a little tighter. And that’s when Frank and me come out of the woods with masks on and steal all our money back! JESSE laughs uproariously, slapping his thigh like a Plow
15) 46) dialog: Is!
15) 48) dialog: (testy) You calling me a liar? TIM crawls back up from the river and plops down in his f He throws a rock and the river glunks.
15) 49) dialog: Don't do that, son. You’1ll scare all the fishes away. 30
15) 51) dialog: (laughs) You mean, you're bored.
15) 53) dialog: Maybe a fish will come and get you all excited. Tm I don’t like fishing.
15) 54) dialog: Sure you do. I do. You must. The boy sinks into his father’s jacket. The river is the
15) 55) dialog: You know what we are, Tim? We’re nighthawks. We're the ones who go out at night and guard everything so people can sleep in peace. We’ve got our eyes peeled; no one’s going to slip anything past us.
15) 57) dialog: You sure?
15) 59) dialog: Don‘t horse it, kid. Bring it up easy. BOB steps on the bamboo pole and hauls the weight up with The catch is heaved onto the river bank: It's a gruesome prehistoric thing that seems overdue for extinction. Roun with feelers that move like thumbs on its skull. TIM back father’s leg.
15) 60) dialog: God damn it, but that’s an ugly thing. Its teeth mesh and unmesh with a click. Its gill wings un is disgusted.
15) 62) dialog: Kill him, kid. BOB takes a burning stick from the fire and stabs it into and over again.
15) 63) dialog: That's enough! JESSE glares at BOB, as though he’s been given a sign and accordingly.
23) 40) dialog: You going to let me in or do I have to talk through the screen? INT. ED MILLER’S CABIN - CONTINUOUS JESSE enters. The room is a mess: Mold crusted dishes sta kitchen table; newspapers shucked like .corn against the a cat on the kitchen cutting board licking something from tipped over; the sink.
23) 41) dialog: You aren’t much of a housekeeper, are you?
23) 43) dialog: Why not? ! JESSE looks at the gun and MILLER puts it on the kitchen JESSE sits himself down on the ringed rug. He nods toward couch:
23) 44) dialog: Go ahead and take a load off your feet. MILLER does as instructed. His clothes are wrinkled as cr his fingernails are outlined with filth, a corner of his stained with tobacco juice.
23) 45) dialog: You ought to get yourself a wife. 43
23) 47) dialog: Your crops in?
23) 49) dialog: How you feeling now? A fleeting glance at JESSE:
23) 51) dialog: You‘re acting queer.
23) 53) dialog: Talk?
23) 55) dialog: Give me an example.
23) 58) dialog: Why would I do that? MILLER shoots a glance at JESSE’S gun hand and then reest gaze on the yard.
23) 60) dialog: To shut ‘em up? 44
23) 62) dialog: Cummins say anything else?
23) 64) dialog: It don‘t explain why you're scared. MILLER looks at him with watery eyes and spit on his mout glinting off the oils on his skin.
23) 66) dialog: I just happened by, Ed.
23) 68) dialog: Haven't heard a lick of gossip lately. JESSE looks out at the road and at the sky which is pink The road he looks down seems never-ending.
23) 69) dialog: I’m glad I happened by.
23) 71) dialog: I want to put your mind at rest.
23) 73) dialog: It’s the principle of the thing too. MILLER pulls himself to his feet and sweeps his hand over shoo away flies. 45
23) 74) dialog: How about if we go for a ride? I could buy you something to eat in town and then be on my way. EXT. ED MILLER’S CABIN - NIGHT MILLER saddles his mare as JESSE sits on a gelding with t falling all around him.
24) 1) dialog: You ever count the stars? MILLER looks overhead at the pinpricks of light.
24) 2) dialog: I can’t ever get the same number; they keep changing on me.
24) 4) dialog: Your body knows; it’s your mind that forgot. MILLER can’t get himself to say anything. JESSE pretends his cinch, slows his horse.
24) 5) dialog: You go on ahead, partner. I'll catch up. MILLER slumps in his saddle, tears forming in his eyes. J his gun from the leather holster and then jogs his horse stops on the road but can’t persuade himself to drop a ha pistol or even to turn around.
24) 6) dialog: {rounding him) You ought to get better at lying. JESSE trips the hammer and a cartridge ball pounds into M snaps his head to the side and propels his body off the m wallops onto the road. JESSE gets off his horse and tugs legs, towing the body towards a cluster of Elm trees.
25) 2) dialog: You want to go for a ride? EXT. ROAD, OUTSIDE KANSAS CITY - DAWN. They head their horses through the cold. DICK is suspicio unnerved.
25) 4) dialog: You seen Ed Miller lately?
25) 6) dialog: Must’ve gone off to California. DICK looks at him with perplexity.
25) 7) dialog: I got word about you and Wood. You ought to patch things up.
25) 9) dialog: If you were going to see Jim Cummins, wouldn’t you follow this road?
25) 11) dialog: Goddamn it, Dick; use your head. EXT. BILL FORD’S FARM (ESTABLISHING) - DAY JESSE and DICK approach the farmhouse. INT. BILL FORD’S FARMHOUSE - DAY A 12-year-old boy (ALBERT FORD) stands at the sitting roo watches the two men climb down from their saddles. EXT. PORCH, BILL FORD'S FARMHOUSE ~ DAY. The boy creaks open the door and comes outside:
25) 14) dialog: We're friends of Jim Cummins.
25) 18) dialog: Dick Turpin. 48
25) 21) dialog: He knows where his uncle Jim is and that’s gonna make him old pretty soon. ALBERT brawls and kicks at JESSE.
25) 23) dialog: He knows. JESSE falls to his knees on the boy’s biceps. ALBERT crie clamps the boy’s mouth shut.
25) 24) dialog: You need to ask and ask sometimes. Sometimes a child won't remember much at first and then it‘1l all come back. Just tell me about your Uncle Jim is. Where’d he sneak off to; where's he hidin’ out? He twists the boy’s ear like a clock wind-up and ALBERT’S wildly, his boots thud the earth. JESSE leans over to exa injury.
25) 25) dialog: My gosh, I believe it’s about to tear, sweetie. Just a little more to get her started, then I can rip your ear off like a page from a book.
25) 27) dialog: He’s lying.
25) 29) dialog: Where's Jim? (beat) Where’s Jim? Where's Jim? Where's Jim?
26) 0) text: DICK walks around the barn to the road, his face splotche fury. He climbs onto his mount. When JESSE comes forward, DICK looks away; squints down t order to talk.
26) 4) dialog: I must be going crazy. And he rides off without another word.
28) 30) dialog: Why, it’s the kid!
28) 32) dialog: I never take off my gunbelt.
28) 34) dialog: Hurt your leg?
28) 36) dialog: The roof? Whatever possessed you to climb the roof in December? : CHARLEY loses his smile and sees the criticism in BOB’S e
28) 38) dialog: I thought maybe your clubfoot was gaining on ya. 58 WILBUR and CHARLEY guffaw as if this is funny. MARTHA car ham hocks to the table.
28) 42) dialog: Fascinating.
28) 54) dialog: ‘Course you do.
28) 56) dialog: Give me some other conversations, Bob.
28) 58) dialog: It‘d be cheery to hear what you fancied about me. It might make me laugh and forget my cares and woes.
28) 63) dialog: Why don’t you tell it, Bob; if you remember.
28) 65) dialog: Did I ever mention that scalawag George Shepherd to y’all? He reaches over and grips BOB’S forearm in apology while JESSE (CONT’D) George was one of Quantrill’s lieutenants and he gave me a story like Bob’s, is why I thought of him, giving me everything we had in common and so on, just so he could join the gang. How could I know he had a grudge against me and was lying to get on my good side? I said ‘Come aboard, George. Glad to have ya,’ George thought he was pretty smart. ‘Cept he wasn’t. He rode into camp one morning and about twenty guns opened up on him. But he only had one eye - and you need two eyes to get Jesse. BOB and WILBUR laugh for a suitable period of time, and J until tears come out of his eyes.
28) 67) dialog: You just brought him to mind.
28) 69) dialog: Good eating, Martha.
28) 72) dialog: Hmm?
28) 74) dialog: Oh. George asked me to protect this nephew of his during the war and it so happens the kid had five thousand dollars on him. The kid winds up killed, and all the money swiped from him, and when George was in prison someone whispers to him it was Jesse James slit the boy's throat.
28) 76) dialog: Bob’s the expert; put it to him. BOB rises from the table like a stamping boy in a snit.
28) 77) dialog: I’ve make him cranky. WILBUR snickers.
28) 80) dialog: I don’t want you to skip off to your room and pout without knowing why I dropped by for this visit.
28) 82) text: I come to ask one of you two Fords to ride with me on a journey or two. I guess we've agreed it ought to be Charley; you've been acting sort of testy. BOB stands pale and silent. Then he steps around JESSE’S calmly climbs the stairs to the upper room. INT. 2 FLOOR BEDROOM, HARBISON HOMESTEAD - NIGHT. BOB enters and carefully shuts the door. DICK shoves open door with his toe and looks out at ROB.
28) 87) dialog: And you say you haven’t seen Wood?
28) 89) dialog: You finished with your sleeping? CHARLEY sits up from his bedroll:
28) 91) dialog: I’ve been holding a discussion with myself over if I ought to tell you this or no. My good side won out and, well, I’d like to make a clean breast of things.
28) 93) dialog: Can you hear me when I whisper this low? Just barely.
28) 94) dialog: You knew I went to Kentucky?
28) 96) dialog: I come back through Saline County and thought to myself, ‘why not Stop by and see Ed Miller?’ So I do and things aren’t to my satisfaction at all. Ed’s got himself worked up over something and I can tell he’s lying like a rug and I say to myself, ‘Enough’s enough!’ and I say to Ed, ‘Come on, Ed; let’s go for a ride.’ Do you understand what I’m saying?
28) 98) dialog: Exactly. Ed and Jesse, they argued on the road and when push came to shove, Jesse shot and killed him.
28) 100) dialog: You’ve got it.
28) 102) dialog: So you see? Your cousin got off easy. I was only playing with Albert.
28) 104) dialog: You want to swap a tale with me now?
28) 106) dialog: If you’ve got something to confess in exchange, it seems to me it’d only be right for you to spit it out now. (beat) About Wood Hite, for example.
28) 108) dialog: Why was your brother so agitated?
28) 110) dialog: Bob.
28) 112) dialog: You can go back to sleep now.
28) 114) dialog: Just ain’t no peace with Jesse around. You ought to pity my poor wife. 65
28) 116) dialog: You ought to pity me too.
32) 1) dialog: You ever consider suicide? CHARLEY and JESSE appear through the grey air:
32) 3) dialog: I’1l tell you one thing that’s certain; you won’t fight dying once you've peeked over to the other side; you’ll no more want to go back to your body than you’d want to spoon up your own puke. JESSE vanishes again; leaving CHARLEY’S motor to work in
32) 7) dialog: You‘re forgetting that I’ve already met the kid.
32) 9) dialog: All America thinks highly of me.
32) 11) dialog: You're going to try and wear me down on this, aren‘t you.
32) 22) dialog: You’ve been chosen. BOB swivels and nearly slips. The color has leached from
32) 24) dialog: Your brother said that you wanted to join us. But maybe you like this grocery store more than you said you did. BOB looks for a clue from CHARLEY but his brother is fixe store’s entrance, smoking a cigarette. BOB counterfeits b
32) 26) dialog: So you missed me?
32) 28) dialog: Good morning. EXT. ELIAS’ GROCERY STORE, RICHMOND - DAY BOB comes outside with carrots for the horses. CHARLEY is the saddle:
33) 0) text: JESSE throws his greatcoat on a pew and lights an altar c carries into the sanctuary. BOB kicks his bedroll flat on the floor and says to CHARL
33) 3) dialog: Go to the good book when you’re sore distressed and your soul will be comforted. BOB studies JESSE. Beat.
33) 5) dialog: I don’t get your meaning.
33) 7) dialog: I’ve been forgiven for all that.
33) 9) dialog: I’ve already been forgiven. He blows out the candle.
35) 0) text: They enter the church and discover a furious JESSE.
35) 1) dialog: From now on you two won’t go anywhere without me! From now on you'll ask for permission; you‘ll ask to be excused!
36) 2) dialog: I could mow down a thousand scalawags with no more than a thousand cartridges. I'l] never be surprised by anything again. 79
37) 0) text: JESSE climbs off his saddle and accepts his son in his ar
38) 0) text: BOB and JESSE enter. ZEE JAMES backs from the stove, sees winces.
39) 0) text: JESSE, on the sofa, weds his fingers ovér his stomach and eyes.
39) 1) dialog: How it will be is we'll leave here next Monday afternoon and ride down to Platte City.
39) 3) dialog: Platte City’s thirty miles south. You and me and Charley will sleep in the woods overnight and strike the Wells Bank sometime before the court recesses.
39) 5) dialog: You don’t need to know that. BOB scrawls on the floorboards with his finger and JESSE sit. 80
39) 6) dialog: You know I feel comfortable with your brother. Hell, he’s ugly as sin and he smells like a skunk and he's so ignorant he couldn’t drive nails in the snow, but he’s sort of easy to be around. I can’t say the same for you, Bob.
39) 8) dialog: You_know how it is when you're with your girlfriend and the moon is out and you know she wants to be kissed even though she never said so?
39) 10) dialog: You’re giving me signs that grieve my soul and make me wonder if your mind’s been changed about me.
39) 13) dialog: I was getting ready to be angry. JESSE smiles and reaches out to coddle BOB’S neck.
39) 15) dialog: You'll stay with the animals, Charley, and The Kid and I will walk into the bank just before noon. Bob will move the cashier over away from the shotgun under the counter and he’ll tell the man to open the vault. They’11 finagle about time locks and so on and I’ll creep up behind that cashier and cock his chin back like so.. 81 JESSE snaps BOB’S skull back and slashes a skinning knife throat. BOB is incapacitated by panic. JESSE is terrifyin
39) 16) dialog: I’ll say, ‘How come an off-scouring of creation like you is still sucking air when so many of mine are in coffins?’ BOB‘S eye lolls to the blade.
39) 17) dialog: I’ll say, ‘How'd you reach your twentieth birthday without leaking out all over your clothes?’ And if I don’t like his attitude, I’ll slit that phildoodle so deep he‘ll flop on the floor like a fish, Then JESSE retracts the blade and shoves BOB rudely forwa temper abruptly alters and he slaps both knees gleefully,
39) 19) dialog: I could hear your gears grinding rrr, rrr, rrr, and your little motor wondering, ‘My Gosh, what’s next, what's happening to me?’ You were precious to behold, Bob. You were white as spit in a cotton field. BOB examines his neck with his hand.
39) 21) dialog: And Charley looked striken!
39) 23) dialog: ‘This is plumb unexpected!’ old Charley was thinking, ‘This is done ruint my day!’ JESSE laughs and laughs, and when at last the two laugh w adopts a scolding look and slams out of the room. INT. CHILDREN’S ROOM, HOUSE ON THE HILL - NIGHT JESSE sleeps on the twin bed. BOB on his bedroll.
39) 25) text: 82 Tt was if some spell had rendered him meek, infirm, confounded. He could contrive many ways of snaring Jesse; he could invent a thousand deaths; but Bob feared it would always come to this, he would see a chance and then he’d speculate on it’s consequences, he would ponder each option and particular and soon the opportunity would pass away.
40) 0) text: BOB, with baited breath, watches through the doorway: JESSE stands naked in a laundry boiler wringing a washclo skull. He’s wracked by a coughing fit. He seems old, prem decrepit, the scars on his body stand out red as slaughte BOB’S hand moves to the granddaddy Colt that’s strapped t But that’s all, he can’t bring himself to unsnug the weap After a long beat, JESSE says:
40) 1) dialog: Go away.
40) 3) dialog: You sure of that? Maybe I was fooling you. Maybe we’re playing cat and mouse.
40) 6) dialog: And now you think you know otherwise, maybe that’s just what I wanted.
40) 8) dialog: I can’t figure it out: do you want to be like me, or do you want to be me?
40) 10) text: JESSE around the house, images scored to the Narrator’s v music:
41) 0) text: ZEE sets down a soup tureen and JESSE winks at BOB:
41) 1) dialog: Is this fit to eat or will it just do? As ZEE retreats into the kitchen JESSE inches the soup bo CHARLEY’S elbow and says to BOB:
41) 2) dialog: That woman’s cooking has always been a scandal. Cut her meat and the whole table moves. JESSE laughs as CHARLEY stains his sleeve.
42) 0) text: JESSE hooks CHARLEY’S spurs together while he snores in t room and then screams the man off the couch, so that CHAR sprawls.
43) 0) text: JESSE horses with TIM: NARRATOR(V/O CONT’D) or tickled his boy in the ribs, Jesse would look over at Bob with melancholy eyes, as if the two were meshed in an intimate communication that had little to do with anyone else. On BOB working at keeping his expression neutral. 84 NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) Bob was certain that the man had unriddled him, had seen through his reasons for coming along, that Jesse could forecast each of Bob‘s possible moves and inclinations and was only acting the innocent in order to lull Bob into stupid tranquility and miscalculation.
44) 0) text: JESSE sleeps with BOB in the sitting room, a revolver, cl left hand. BOB listens to each insuck of air so he can te JESSE'S gone off. Then, he cautiously rolls to a sit and feet on the boards. The revolver is cocked with three cli
44) 2) dialog: You think you do but you don‘t. BOB obediently returns to bed. INT. DINING ROOM, HOUSE ON THE HILL - DAY. ZEE is cleaning up. BOB is so skittish, his leg jitters a his chair. He gets up and rakes his fingers through his h a circle in the room and reseats himself again. He bites fingernail. Again his leg begins to jitter.
46) 0) text: 85 WIDE on BOB, looking isolated and anxious: NARRATOR(V/O CONT’D) He stood at a desk in the American Telegraph office and scribbled out twenty messages that he might send to Governor Crittenden or Police Commissioner Craig. BOB confronts another blank page: NARRATOR(V/O CONT'D) . He could be a glib and even grandiloquent speaker, but writing was agony for him: the right words seemed to disappear whenever he grasped a pencil, plus he was hampered by the grim recognition that he really had nothing to say. For Jesse was canny, he was intuitive, he anticipated everything.
47) 0) text: JESSE, CHARLEY and BOB drink. BOB observes JESSE’S consta the world around him:
54) 3) dialog: You're gonna break a lot of hearts. BOB rolls to a sitting position.
54) 5) dialog: It‘s a present. BOB hefts it. '
54) 7) dialog: You going to look inside? BOB crams a coin into the interstices and twists until th releases.
54) 9) dialog: It isn’t a joke. Inside the box, nestled in red velvet, is a pearl-handle revolver. BOB beams at JESSE.
54) 11) dialog: Doesn’t that nickel shine though!
54) 13) dialog: I figured that granddaddy Colt of yours might blow into fragments the next time you squeeze the trigger.
54) 16) dialog: Pretty soon, sweetheart.
54) 18) dialog: You know what John Newman Edwards once wrote about me? He said I didn’t trust two men in ten thousand and was even cautious around them. The government’s sort of run me ragged, you see. I‘m going the long way around the barn to say I’ve been feeling cornered and just plain ornery of late and I‘d be pleased if you'd accept the gun as my way of apologizing.
54) 20) dialog: No. I haven‘t been acting correctly. I can’t hardly recognize myself sometimes when I’m greased. I go on journeys out of my body and look at my red hands and my mean face and I wonder about that man who’s gone so wrong: Why all that killing and evil behavior? I've been becoming a problem to myself. I figure if I can get you right I’1l be just that much closer to me. BOB looks at the man in bewilderment and can’t find the w answer, so he says:
54) 22) dialog: Go ahead. INT. KITCHEN, HOUSE ON THE HILL - pay
55) 0) text: JESSE, ZEE, CHARLEY, TIM and MARY, seen from a distance, Confusion Hill.
56) 0) text: He covers himself with a tattersall quilt from the clothe settles himself on a plain bench. A mangled spoon is in t straw doll is in a tin bucket. He hears the screen door c shut, and JESSE lowers onto the bench like someone who we hundred pounds.
56) 1) dialog: So you and me are the nighthawks. BOB makes no reply.
56) 2) dialog: Mrs. Saltzman cut out a garden patch here. The Turners say it was a marvel: rabbit wire, noontime shade, clematis on the bean poles, I’ve been lazy about my seedlings.
56) 4) dialog: Maybe I‘1l nail together a martin box. He rapidly pounds his knees with his fists.
56) 5) dialog: I've got pains in every inch of my body. My ears ring; my eyes are itchy. I’m going to lose my gift of second sight. BOB . Do you see future things like they were long gone, or do you just get inklings about what’s to come? JESSE shows no inclination to answer.
56) 6) dialog: You know Frank and I looked for my father’s grave over in Marysville, California? 92
56) 8) dialog: I could picture the grave and the wooden cross but I couldn't get the geography right. They say it was cholera that killed him, They might as well’ve said the bubonic plague. You can always tell when it’s Satan’s work.
56) 10) dialog: Trickery. Empty promises. JESSE scratches at his jawbeard.
56) 11) dialog: You missed the Palm Sunday service.
56) 13) dialog: ‘For it was not an enemy that reproached me; then I could have borne it: neither was it he that hated me that did magnify himself against me; then I would have hid myself from him. But it was thou, a man mine equal, my guide, and mine acquaintance. We took sweet council together, and walked unto the house of God in company.‘ (beat) A good preacher will match that up with Matthew twenty-six. meanly and spits.
56) 14) dialog: Sometimes I get so forlorn and melancholy. Do you ever get that way? BOB shrugs.
56) 15) dialog: Do you know what it is you’re most afraid of?
56) 17) dialog: What? 93
56) 19) dialog: It isn’t always up to you, Bob. It may not be in the cards for ya. JESSE looks over to Kansas and leans on his kmees for a m
56) 20) dialog: Do you ever get surprised when you see yourself in a mirror? Do you ever find yourself saying, ‘why do they call him by my name?’ It seems to BOB that JESSE expects no response.
56) 21) dialog: You’re wrapped in a ragged coat for your three score and ten and nobody gets to see who's inside it.
56) 23) dialog: His voice is like a waterfall.
56) 25) dialog: Ii I could stand in it for a second or two, all my sins would be washed away.
56) 27) dialog: Do you know who I'm jealous of? You. If I could change lives with you right now, I would.
56) 29) dialog: You can go away right now if you want. You can say, ‘Jesse, I‘m sorry to disappoint you, but the Good Lord didn’t put me here to rob the Platte City Bank,’ You can go inside and get your gatherings and begin a lifetime of grocery work. I’m roped in already; but you've still got the vote. That’s a gift I’d give plenty for. BOB grips the tattersall quilt around his neck.
56) 31) dialog: You can’t always make things happen, Bob.
56) 33) dialog: You Fords show your teeth like apes. The man’s gloom seems to BOB to be turning dangerous.
56) 35) dialog: Why don’t you stay with me a little longer?
56) 37) dialog: Go ahead then. BOB pauses at the screen door and turns back to him, perp
56) 39) dialog: Don‘t make anything out of it. I was only passing the time. 95
58) 4) dialog: How come you're looking so interested?
59) 2) dialog: (to CHARLEY) What do you think goes on in that noggin of his?
59) 4) dialog: (laughs) Iwas referring to his mind, not yours. JESSE stands from his chair and fetches the newspapers fr BOB watches as he almost misses and then retrieves the Ka times from under the shawl. JESSE sits again and stirs a cup.
59) 5) dialog: Hello now! The surrender of Dick Liddil.
59) 7) dialog: It’s very strange. 97 BOB sees the crease in his brow, the fret in his reading nicotine stain on his finger moving down the page.
59) 8) dialog: It says here Dick surrendered three weeks ago, He glances at BOB with misgivings.
59) 9) dialog: You must’ve been right there in the neighborhood.
59) 11) dialog: It looks sort of fishy to me.
60) 3) dialog: You two ready? BOB jumps up from the rocker and it rears and rows, ¢lubb until he can still it with his hand.
60) 5) dialog: It’s an awfully hot day. JESSE removes his Prince Albert coat and six button black CHARLEY shambles over to the screen door to scan Lafayett JESSE proclaims in a sentence that seems composed just fo
60) 6) dialog: I guess I'll take off my pistols for fear the neighbors will spy them if I walk out into the yard. CHARLEY turns from the screen door with vexation on his f thumb twitches as he lowers his hand to his gun. JESSE unbuckles his holsters and lays them on the bed as exhibit. JESSE focuses on the picture of Skyrocket:
60) 7) dialog: That picture’s awful dusty. He withdraws a furniture duster and climbs a rush-bottome BOB slinks from the wall and stands between JESSE and his revolvers. He shakes his fingers like a gunfighter and instructs his scared eyes. CHARLEY steps further into the room and the two FORDS sli guns. BOB extends his .44 and cocks it with three soft clicks. JESSE swivels slightly, authentically surprised, reaching that isn’t there. Then BOB FORD‘S .44 ignites and a red stamp seems to past behind the outlaw’s right ear. His face socks into the wa glass. Gunpowder and gun noise fills the room. JESSE drop knees and smacks onto the floor like a great animal, shak with his fall. ZEE rushes into a room that is still blue with smoke and BOB slowly retreats and straddles the windowsill.
73) 0) text: REPORTERS follow the PHOTOGRAPHER as he carries the photo plate back to the studio. INSERT: JESSE'S REQUIEM PHOTOGRAPH DEVELOPING.
76) 0) text: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) or were venerating the iced remains in Seidenfaden‘s cooling room. ZEE JAMES sits catatonically in a chair, unmindful of the visitors, merely staring at the slain man. Move in on JESSE. NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) The man who offered thirty thousand dollars for the body of Charles Guiteau sent a telegram to City Marshal Enos Craig offering fifty thousand for the body of Jesse Woodson James so that he could go around the country with it, or at least sell it to P. T. Barnum for his ‘Greatest Show on Earth.’ 105
95) 0) text: 114 BOB stands silhouetted on stage while a great crowd hisse and pelts him with garbage. When he uneasily raises his g CHARLEY/JESSE they riot: Surging over the footlights, swa destroying the set.
96) 2) dialog: Died April 3, 1882 Murdered By a Traitor and Coward Whose Name Is Not Worthy To Appear Here. Hold on BOB. 115
98) 4) dialog: Actual stills of JESSE JNR at various times in his life a the movies described:
106) 0) text: BOB and DOROTHY stroll the snowy streets of Creede. BOB i extraordinary in his dress; a dandy in his gentleman’s cl cane. SHOPKEEPERS and CITIZENS greet him, defer to him. H king in this town. NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) He told her that he had no real memory of the shooting and its aftermath: He could remember lifting the gun that Jesse had given him and then it was Good Friday and he was reading about the funeral proceedings as if they'd happened a long time ago.
108) 0) text: DOROTHY brings him a beer. NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) That he truly regretted killing Jesse, that he missed the man as much as anybody and wished his murder hadn’t been necessary.