0) 1) dialog: He was growing into middle age and was living then in a bungalow on Woodland Avenue. Green weeds split the porch steps, a wasp nest clings to gable, a rope swing loops down from a dying elm tree and below it is scuffed soft as flour.
0) 2) dialog: He installed himself in a rocking chair and smoked a cigar down in the evening as his wife wiped her pink hands on an apron and reported happily on their two children. INT. WOODLAND AVE. COTTAGE - DAY. Action as per voice over:
0) 3) dialog: Whenever he walked about the house, he carried several newspapers — the Sedalia Daily democrat, the St. Joseph Gazette, and the Kansas City Times ~ each with a foot-long .44 caliber pistol tucked into a fold. EXT. STREET, KANSAS CITY - DAY. JESSE, from a distance, a dandy in his gentleman’s clothe Everyone seems to know him.
0) 4) dialog: He went everywhere unrecognized and lunched with Kansas City shopkeepers and merchants, calling himself a cattleman or commodities investor, someone rich and leisured who had the common touch.
0) 6) dialog: He had two incompletely healed bullet. holes in his chest and another in his thigh. He was missing the nub of his left middle finger and was cautious lest that mutilation be seen. EXT. WOODLAND AVE. BACKYARD - DUSK. JESSE looks out beyond the prairie wheat, to the dying s
0) 7) dialog: He also had a condition that was referred to as granulated eyelids and it caused him to blink more than usual, as if he found creation slightly more than he could accept. EXT. GARDEN PATCH - DAY. He scours for nightcrawlers and flips them into manure pa them into writhing sections and sprinkles them over his g
0) 8) dialog: He could neither multiply nor divide without error and much of his science was superstition. He could list the many begotten of Abraham and the sixty-six books of the king James Bible; he could recite psalms and poems in a stentorian voice with suitable histrionics; he could sing religious hymns so convincingly that he once worked as a choirmaster; he was marvelously informed about current events. MONTAGE: JESSE'S beliefs.
0) 9) dialog: And yet he thought incense was made from the bones of saints, Bones are ground.
0) 10) dialog: -that leather continued to grow if not dyed, Leather grows.
0) 11) dialog: -that if he concentrated hard enough his body’s electrical currents could stun lake frogs as he bathed. A frogs keels over. JESSE watches:
0) 12) dialog: He could be reckless or serene, rational or lunatic, from one minute to the next. INT. DRYGOODS STORE, KANSAS CITY - DAY. Action as per voiceover:
0) 13) dialog: If he made an entrance, heads turned in his direction; if he strode down an aisle storeclerks backed away; EXT. STREET, KANSAS CITY - DAY. A dog shies, its hackles raised.
0) 14) dialog: iff he neared animals they retreated. INT. TOPEKA EXCHANGE SALOON, KANSAS CITY. DAY. CUSTOMERS become disturbed, affected without knowing why. NARRATOR (V/O) . Rooms seemed hotter when he was in them, RAINFALL, as seen through a window:
0) 15) dialog: rains fell straighter,
0) 17) dialog: clocks slowed, CUTLERY clatters:
0) 18) dialog: sounds were amplified: ON JESSE as he slowly lifts a flaming hand:
0) 19) dialog: His enemies would not have been much surprised if he produced horned owls from beer bottles or made candles out of his fingers. EXT. WOODLAND AVE. BACKYARD - DAY. He wades barefoot through the backyard grass with his six hunched on his shoulders and his trousers rolled up to hi
0) 20) dialog: He considered himself a Southern loyalist and guerrilla in a Civil War that never ended. He regretted neither his robberies nor the seventeen murders that he laid claim to,
1) 1) dialog: -but he would brood about his slanders and slights, his callow need for attention, his overweening vaingloriousness, and he was excessively genteel and polite in order to disguise what he thought was vulgar, primitive, and depraved in his origins. EXT. PRAIRIE. DUSK. JESSE in the prairie wheat at dusk.
1) 2) dialog: Sicknesses made him smell blood each morning, he visited rooms at night, he sometimes heard children in the fruit cellar, he waded into prairie wheat and stared at the horizon. CLOSE on JESSE, his eyes impossibly blue:
1) 3) dialog: He had seen another summer under in Kansas City, Missouri, and on September 5%, in the year 1881, he was thirty-four years old.
9) 1) dialog: They moved to 1017 Troost Avenue at night so that the neighborhood couldn't get a good look at them or their belongings. BOB is does all the lifting, JESSE provides direction. NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) And then Bob thought Jesse would give him eight hours sleep and a daydreaming goodbye;
10) 1) dialog: ~but with a second day in the J.T. Jackson house, Bob thought he might never go but might be brought in as a good-natured cousin to the boy and a gentleman helper to Zee.
11) 0) text: Action as per voice-over: 25 NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) He curried the horse next to the horse that Jesse curried.
12) 1) dialog: He smoked a cigar that matched the cigar that Jesse smoked. They rocked in chairs on the front porch-
13) 0) text: Action as per voice-over: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) -and made trips to the Topeka Exchange saloon, where Jesse could spend nearly sixty minutes sipping one glass of beer and still complain about feeling tipsy.
13) 2) dialog: Bob would rarely vouchsafe his opinions as they talked. If spoken to, he would fidget and grin;
14) 0) text: JESSE chats with a man in the street. Move in on BOB. NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) if Jesse palavered with another person, Bob secretaried their dialogue, getting each inflection, reading every gesture and tick, as if he wanted to compose a biography of the outlaw, or as if he were preparing an impersonation.
15) 64) dialog: Bob was sent away the next day as he knew he would be. EXT. STORE, LIBERTY - DAY. NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) And it was already noon by the time he attained Liberty. BOB waters his horse at a trough. He sinks a dipper into And, as he raises it, he catches sight of his reflection: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) Here, he viewed himself in a store window and was discouraged by the reflection: A scroungy boy in a ridiculous stovepipe hat. He thought himself goofy and juvenile. INT. STORE, LIBERTY ~ DAY. BOB cruises the aisles: Prince Albert suits; greatcoats w shoulders; knee length frock coats. Bowlers; derbies; fed hats. BOB selects a fine white shirt, white underwear and a hea suit. He crowns his head with a black bowler hat that is black silk. The STORE OWNER totals the prices on a newspaper.
25) 1) dialog: The sitting room conversations were all about Blue Cut that week: the Kansas City newspapers carried front-page articles about the arrests of Jobn Bugler, John Land, and Creed Chapman in shacks near Glendale. Creed Chapman would lose forty-two pounds while imprisoned and John Land was rumored to be so apprehensive about reprisal by Jesse James that he refused to even mention the man’s name. INT. DICK’S BEDROOM, KANSAS CITY - NIGHT. DICK doesn’t know what wakes him. He looks from his sleep (MATTIE) to the light spilling through the bedroom doorwa transfixed by it. A sound begins to build. Hairs stand up of bis neck. He retrieves his Navy Colt from under his pi slides quietly out of bed. INT. DICK'S KITCHEN, KANSAS CITY - NIGHT. DICK enters and almost screams: JESSE JAMES sits like an apparition at his kitchen table.
32) 13) dialog: A note was mailed to Bob Ford with the news that Jesse and Charley would come to Ray County within the next few weeks. Henry Craig enjoined him to return to Richmond and await the arrival of the two. INT. ELIAS’ GROCERY STORE, RICHMOND - DAY BOB is busy with CUSTOMERS. SHERIFF TIMBERLAKE enters, pr once, and then slips into the storeroom. INT. STOREROOM, ELIAS’ GROCERY STORE, RICHMOND - DAY TIMBERLAKE smokes. BOB enters.
39) 24) dialog: Jesse slept with Bob in the children’s room that night and Bob remained awake. He could see that there was a gun on the nightstand, he could imagine it’s cold nickel inside his grip, it’s two pound weight reached out and aimed, but he couldn't even maneuver toward it, it was like a name he couldn’t remember.
40) 9) dialog: So it went: 83
40) 10) text: JESSE around the house, images scored to the Narrator’s v music:
40) 11) dialog: Jesse was increasingly cavalier, merry, moody, fey, unpredictable. He was sick with rheums and aches and lung congestions, he tilted against chairs and counters and walls, in cold weather he limped with a cane. His clever mind was often in conflict, insomnia stained his eye sockets like soot. He counteracted the smell of neglected teeth with licorice and candies, he browned his graying hair with dye, he camouflaged his depressions and derangements with masquerades of extreme cordiality, courtesy, and goodwill toward others:
42) 1) dialog: But even as he jested,
43) 0) text: JESSE horses with TIM: NARRATOR(V/O CONT’D) or tickled his boy in the ribs, Jesse would look over at Bob with melancholy eyes, as if the two were meshed in an intimate communication that had little to do with anyone else. On BOB working at keeping his expression neutral. 84 NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) Bob was certain that the man had unriddled him, had seen through his reasons for coming along, that Jesse could forecast each of Bob‘s possible moves and inclinations and was only acting the innocent in order to lull Bob into stupid tranquility and miscalculation.
45) 1) dialog: Zee took pity on Bob and sent him to town on an errand.
46) 0) text: 85 WIDE on BOB, looking isolated and anxious: NARRATOR(V/O CONT’D) He stood at a desk in the American Telegraph office and scribbled out twenty messages that he might send to Governor Crittenden or Police Commissioner Craig. BOB confronts another blank page: NARRATOR(V/O CONT'D) . He could be a glib and even grandiloquent speaker, but writing was agony for him: the right words seemed to disappear whenever he grasped a pencil, plus he was hampered by the grim recognition that he really had nothing to say. For Jesse was canny, he was intuitive, he anticipated everything.
47) 1) dialog: He continually looked over his shoulders, he looked into the background with mirrors, he could pick out a whisper on the wind, he could probably read the faltering perfidy in Bob’s face.
48) 1) dialog: He once numbered the spades on a playing card that skittered across the street a city block away;
49) 1) dialog: - he wrestled with his son and the two Fords at once one afternoon and rarely even tilted ~ it was like grappling with a tree.
50) 1) dialog: Some of Bob's telegrams were apologies, some were clarifications, still more were prognostications of when the criminal would be ‘removed’ until finally Bob settled on a coded note to Sheriff Timberlake, providing him with clues about their living situation in St. Joseph and the contemplated robbery in Platte City on the 4". BOB watches the TELEGRAPH OPERATOR at work. NARRATOR (V/O CONT’ D) It took five minutes to code and transmit the note and two hours for Timberlake to receive it but thereafter the sheriff reacted with great speed,
51) 0) text: TIMBERLAKE moves down a line of ARMED MEN, counting sound NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) arranging a company of fifty deputies who would ride their horses into two freight cars and surround the Platte City Bank while the James gang was inside.
52) 0) text: TIMBERLAKE stands with RAILWAY OFFICIALS watching a great smoke. NARRATOR (V/O CONT’ D) Timberlake even went so far as to order a Hannibal and St. Joseph locomotive’s engine ignited and kept fully steamed in the Kansas City roundhouse so that it could race to Platte City or st. Joseph without delay.
53) 0) text: 87 TIMBERLAKE nods his thanks, shakes hands with an OFFICIAL NARRATOR(V/O CONT’D) Having satisfied himself that the appropriate steps had been taken,
54) 0) text: TIMBERLAKE and CRAIG raise their glasses: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) the sheriff dined with Conmissioner Craig on the night of the 30" and they toasted a victory that they seemed only days away from achieving.
55) 1) dialog: April second was Palm Sunday and Mr. and mrs. Thomas Howard, their two children, and their cousin Charles Johnson strolled to the Second Presbyterian Church to attend the ten O'clock service.
73) 1) dialog: The resulting prints sold for two dollars a piece INSERT: MAGAZINE COVERS come off a PRINTING PRESS NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) and were the models for the lithographed covers on a number of magazines.
74) 0) text: A sign is hung announcing departure times to St. Joseph. NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) Railway companies had by then rather gleefully scheduled special coaches that would carry the inquisitive to the city at greatly reduced rates;
75) 0) text: CROWDS make the journey up Confusion Hill. NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) Soon a thousand strangers were making spellbound pilgrimages to the cottage
76) 0) text: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) or were venerating the iced remains in Seidenfaden‘s cooling room. ZEE JAMES sits catatonically in a chair, unmindful of the visitors, merely staring at the slain man. Move in on JESSE. NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) The man who offered thirty thousand dollars for the body of Charles Guiteau sent a telegram to City Marshal Enos Craig offering fifty thousand for the body of Jesse Woodson James so that he could go around the country with it, or at least sell it to P. T. Barnum for his ‘Greatest Show on Earth.’ 105
77) 0) text: (Action as per voice-over: ) NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) Reporters roamed the city, gathering anecdotes and apocrypha, garnering interviews with the principals. Studies showed that real Estate values in Missouri would increase by thirty-three percent with the removal of the outlaw, and one reporter noted that a man who was selling his farm had already raised the price by five hundred dollars.
78) 1) dialog: Jacob Spencer, the man who owned the St. Joseph News, went to his library late that afternoon and began seven nights work on what would become The Life and Career of Frank and Jesse James, INT. BOOKSTORE, COMMERCIAL DISTRICT, ST. JOSEPH - pay (Action as per voice-over: ) NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) a two hundred-page book that sold out as soon as it reached the stores on April 12". Five hundred thousand copies would have been needed to meet the demand.
79) 0) text: (Action as per voice-over:) A NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) A man crept into the cottage that night and cut out a swatch of the bloodstained carpet.
80) 1) dialog: The next afternoon he was in Chicago selling square inches of the material for five dollars.
82) 4) dialog: Another photograph was taken of the renowned American bandit constricted in his small walnut coffin. INSERT: this new image of JESSE, followed by the HISTORIC to which he’s compared: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D)) and it was this shot that was most available in sundries stores and apothecaries, to be viewed in a stereoscope along with the Sphinx, the Taj Mahal, the Catacombs of Rome.
85) 3) dialog: Zerelda Samuels insisted that the casket be reopened to make certain that her son’s arms and legs had not been sawn off and replaced with limbs of wax. SHERIFF TIMBERLAKE goes dutifully for a screwdriver. NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) But Reverend Martin soothed the woman with practiced words about a calculus in heaven that adjusts for our privations and compensates for our losses.
85) 13) dialog: He could still smell the gunpowder on his fingers, could still feel the jolt of the gun going off. But that was all. He'd seen no Phantoms. Listened to no incorporeal voices. Was subjected to no nightmares. He was asked if he was afraid of reprisals by Frank James but revenge was not a worry really; it was if no person could harm him once Jesse was underground.
86) 3) dialog: It was widely felt that Bob possessed some acting talent and Charley not a jot: CHARLEY takes off his revolvers and flings them onto the voice yells for the balcony:
86) 5) dialog: Charley was only expected not to slouch or mutter and to transport his sicknesses to the alley before letting them go. CHARLEY’S fetches a feather duster and flags it towards a painting of the death of Julius Caesar:
88) 0) text: A GROUP of PEOPLE approach BOB in a hotel lobby, wanting hand. Over these images we hear the narrator:
88) 1) dialog: By October of 1883, Bob Ford could be identified correctly by more citizens than could the president of the United States. He Was as renowned at twenty as Jesse was after fourteen years of Grand Larceny. In an age where the average wage was twelve cents an hour, Bob was making fifty dollars a Performance, so he could easily think himself rich. INT. CHARLEY’S HOTEL ROOM, MANHATTAN - NIGHT CHARLEY, looking harried and hollow eyed and lonely. Surr occult paraphernalia.
88) 2) dialog: Charley was increasingly superstitious, increasingly subject to the advice of gypsies who promised to cure his miseries with green teas, pipe smoke, Poultices, even jolts of electricity cranked into his wrists with a magnet generator. 111
89) 2) dialog: He compared all females unfavorably to Mrs. Zee James, whom he spoke of as certain priests might the Madonna, INT. CHARLEY’S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT CHARLEY writes:
89) 3) dialog: and composed long, soul describing letters to her, begging her forgiveness, none of which he mailed.
90) 1) dialog: Something began to change in Charley's stage portrayal of Jesse: his limp seemed more practiced, his high voice was spookily ~ similar to the man’s, his newly suggested dialogue was analogous to a script Jesse might have originated. BOB'S performance is enhanced too; by very real alarm at
90) 2) dialog: Too many gunshots on the stage and too many resignations to Bob's betrayal were separating the Ford Brothers as Charley accepted the obligation of personifying Jesse James. CLOSE on CHARLEY/JESSE looking antagonistically at BOB.
90) 3) dialog: He began to look at his younger brother with spite, as if he suspected that in some future performance he might present himself to a live cartridge in Robert Ford’s gun. A disturbed and shaken BOB shoots CHARLEY/JESSE yet again
95) 1) dialog: By his own approximation, Bob assassinated Jesse James over eight hundred times; he suspected no one in history had ever so often or so publicly recapitulated an act of betrayal, and he imagined that no degree of grief or penitence could change the country’s ill regard for him. He thought about committing suicide, but decided even that would be judged just one more act of cowardice. EXT. TRAIN STATION, KANSAS CITY - pay BOB steps off the train. He is going on 22. He's dapper, Physically strong, comparatively rich, and psychologicall
96) 1) dialog: He thought, at his angriest, about visiting the kin of Jesse’s slaughtered victims: Mrs. William Westfall in Plattsburg, the Wymore family in Clay County, perhaps even Mrs. Joseph Heywood in Northfield, Minnesota. He would go to their homes and give his name as Robert Ford, ‘The man who killed Jesse James.‘ He imagined they would be grateful to him. EXT. SAMUEL’S FARM — NIGHT BOB sneaks up on the SAMUEL'S HOMESTEAD. NARRATOR (V/O CONT‘D) But in actuality Bob made only one irregular journey and that one was to Kearney, Missouri. BOB stands before the nine foot monument under the coffee runs his fingers over the inscription: In Loving Remembrance
96) 4) dialog: Charley Ford became all that his countrymen wanted an assassin of Jesse James to be.
97) 1) dialog: Except for Bob, the rest of the Fords completed their lifetimes peacefully and disappeared from history.
97) 3) dialog: Zerelda Samiels remained on the Kearney farm. Her greatest source of income was the twenty- five cent tours of the grounds and rooms, during which she gave gasconades about her slaughtered sons. She would cozen many of her guests, make them feel especially privileged, and at last agree to sell them a stone from the grave or, at much greater expense, a worn shoe from one of the James boy's steeds. (These we see he her buying from a BLACKSMITH by the whee The stones are shoveled from Clear Creek and spread on th
97) 5) dialog: She outlived three husbands and four of the eight children she bore and she showed no signs of sickness when she retired to a pullman sleeper in 1911 and there died of a stroke at the age of eighty-seven.
98) 1) dialog: Zee returned to Kansas City in 1882 and worked there as a cleaning woman and seamstress in a manner that many construed as penitent. 116 INT. ZEE’S ROOM - DAY, ZEE, alone.
98) 2) dialog: She retired from the public eye, shunning reporters, seeking retreat. She felt crippled, forsaken, marooned. Jesse was her vitality, her vigor, her crucial ingredient and she gratefully accepted death in 1900 at the age of fifty-five. INT. MARY JAME'S HOME - DAY. MARY JAMES, now an adult, at dinner with her family.
98) 3) dialog: Her daughter, Mary, married an affluent farmer and gave birth to three boys ona Property across the road from her father’s birthplace. She called no Particular attention to her heritage and many who knew her when she passed away in 1935 were surprised by her maiden name.
98) 5) dialog: Her brother took great advantage of the name Jesse Edwards James. He played semi- professional baseball, ran a cigar stand, and became an attorney-at-law in Kansas and Los Angeles. When Jesse was twenty-four he wrote the memoir Jesse James My Father; in 1921 he financed and acted in the movie Under the Black Flag, and some years later he was a highly paid technical adviser to Paramount Pictures when they produced their counterfeit Jesse James, starring Tyrone Power. Jesse Edwards James died in California in 1951.
99) 1) dialog: Alexander Franklin James was in Baltimore when he read about the assassination of Jesse James. FRANK walks past a newspaper stand and sees the headline Jehova.’ ‘Its Jesse, by 117
99) 2) dialog: He had spurned his younger brother for being peculiar and temperamental, but once he perceived he’d never see Jesse again, Frank was wrought up, perplexed, despondent. EXT. CENTRAL PARK, NEW YORK - DAY. FRANK, grief-stricken and isolated.
99) 3) dialog: The East seemed a foreign country to him, and whichever city he visited seemed an uninhabited island without Jesse alive.
100) 1) dialog: Frank surrender his arms to governor Crittenden on October 5%, 1882.
100) 4) dialog: The government accorded privileges to Prank James; he was given parties, gentile receptions, magnificent presents and accommodations, an opulent coach carried him to his trials in Jackson County; to some it seemed that the State of Missouri had surrendered to Frank James rather than the other way round. INT. COURTROOM - DAY. FRANK in the witness box. We cant hear what he’s saying b is cool and collected. 118
100) 5) dialog: He evinced dignity, intelligence, rectitude and sobriety. He represented every quality that gentlemen then were eager to possess. He could speak passable German and French; he could recite one thousand lines of Shakespeare; he was not suspiciously attractive; he had fought on the right side in the Civil war.
101) 1) dialog: So it was that in spite of more than circumstantial evidence linking Frank James to a great many crimes, the man never served a day in the penitentiary.
101) 3) dialog: He acted as a race starter, a shoe salesman, he accepted tickets at the Standard Theatre in St. Louis, refusing all invitations to see the saucy burlesque show inside.
102) 1) dialog: He was a survivor and it made him feel guilty. It seemed to Frank that grace came upon him without merit, that he’d been pardoned without justification or purpose. FRANK squatted at an ill-kept grave. He straightens and r earth from his hands: ‘FRANK ‘Then two shall be in the field; the one shall be taken, and the other left.’
102) 3) dialog: After his mother’s death he settled once again on the Kearney farm. Here he lived out his days, walking from room to room with tourists, who now paid fifty cents to see the Bible that Jesse read, and one of the guns he shot. Alexander Franklin James died on February 18™ 1915. FADE OUT.
105) 1) dialog: It was only with Dorothy Evans that Bob spoke revealingly or plainly, and it was with her that he spoke of things he didn’t know he knew.
106) 0) text: BOB and DOROTHY stroll the snowy streets of Creede. BOB i extraordinary in his dress; a dandy in his gentleman’s cl cane. SHOPKEEPERS and CITIZENS greet him, defer to him. H king in this town. NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) He told her that he had no real memory of the shooting and its aftermath: He could remember lifting the gun that Jesse had given him and then it was Good Friday and he was reading about the funeral proceedings as if they'd happened a long time ago.
107) 1) dialog: He explained that he'd kept the newspaper clippings from April 1882 and repeatedly Poured over them, each time feeling aped, cruelly maligned by the Robert Ford that the correspondents chose to put into print. On BOB, happy. NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) He was ashamed of his persiflage, his boasting, his pretensions of courage and ruthlessness; he was sorry about his cold- bloodedness, his dispassion, his i: ility to express what he now believed was the case:
108) 0) text: DOROTHY brings him a beer. NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) That he truly regretted killing Jesse, that he missed the man as much as anybody and wished his murder hadn’t been necessary.
111) 1) dialog: Even as he circulated his saloon he knew that the smiles disappeared when he passed by.
112) 0) text: (Action as per voice-over:) 126 NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) He received so many menacing letters in the mail that he could read them without any reaction except curiosity. INT. BOB & DOROTHY’S APARTMENT - DAY {Action as per voice-over:) NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D) He kept to his apartment all day, flipping over playing cards, looking at his destiny in every King and Jack.
115) 1) dialog: Bob called his fifth saloon the Omaha Club and the grand opening was such a success that. Nellie Russell sought Mr. Ford out, saying that she’d accept any job with him, even one as a prostitute:
117) 4) dialog: Dorothy Evans would be married in 1900 toa Mr. James Feeney of Durango, Colorado. She would adopt two daughters, and, according to gossip, she would mistreat them. Her legal marriage would be joyless and one Sunday morning she would get into her green wedding dress, telling her daughters she was going to take a nap. She would then pour chloroform into a cloth and press it to her nose until she perished.
119) 1) dialog: Edward 0. Kelly came down from Bachelor at 1 p.m. on the 8". He had no grand scheme, no strategy, no agreement with higher authorities, nothing beyond a vague longing for glory and a generalized wish for revenge against Robert Ford. KELLY is joined by JOE DUVAL, who carries a twin-barrel, shotgun. They repair themselves to a machinist’s shop. . INT, MACHINIST’S SHOP - DAY Here they collect metal shavings and, using a paper funne first the right shotgun barrel and then the left.
119) 2) dialog: Edward O. Kelly would be ordered to serve a life sentence in the Colorado penitentiary for second degree murder. Over seven thousand signatures would eventually be gathered on a petition asking for Kelly‘s release, and in 1902 Governor James B. Orman would pardon the man. He would write gruesome letters to Bob Ford's widow, but otherwise do nothing except get arrested on charges of vagrancy and ramble from one insignificant town to the next, before his death in 1904.
120) 4) dialog: There would be no eulogies for Bob, no photographs of his body would be sold in sundries stores, no people would crowd the streets in the rain to see his funeral cortege, no biographies would be written about him, no children named after him, no one would ever pay twenty-five cents to stand in the rooms he grew up in. O KELLY enters with his shotgun raised and catches the ma Jesse James laughing with ELLA MAE WATERSON and giving hi street.
120) 6) dialog: The shotgun would ignite, and Ella May would scream, but Robert Ford would only lay on the floor and look at the ceiling, the light going out of his eyes before he could find the right words.