167) 2) dialog: Mr. Creasy.     What do you want? Work in Progress 2/10/03
167) 4) dialog: How much do you want?
167) 6) dialog: Two million U.S.... Three million U.S.?
167) 14) dialog: The most important thing in life is family. And there you are. You have my family. What do you want?
167) 16) dialog: This is not possible. But in that house I have money. If I tell you where -- Work in Progress 2/10/03
167) 24) dialog: Listen!    I will give you a life for a life.
167) 26) dialog: Her life for your life. Creasy's confused.
167) 28) dialog: The girl's.    Pinta's.
167) 30) dialog: I'm a businessman. A dead girl is worth nothing. She is alive. A long beat.
168) 1) dialog: Creasy.   She calls the bear 'Creasy Bear.' Time stands still for Creasy.        Words evaporate. film in Creasy's eyes. CLOSE UP of Creasy's shocked face. He pulls down his shirt collar. Bubbles of blood form and reform over his chest wound as the maroon spreads across his chest and stomach.
169) 0) text: Creasy driving. Great AC without the front windshield. Keeps him awake. Daniel Sanchez V.O. detailing the drop. Creasy trying desperately to drive and write down the address.
174) 0) text: Dark, suburban Cuernavaca street. Creasy's car rounds the corner. Security outside the compound motions to open the garage doors. The driver of the car is faceless. Street light reflections across the windshield. The car enters the gates. A collection of armed bodies appear in the courtyard curious to see this national hero. "Hombre en Fuego." The car stops. Nothing. This beat seems interminable. A hand opens the rear door: His forehead explodes. The driver door opens barely two shots, two more bodies drop. Panic and confusion. Everybody runs for cover. An overhead helicopter illuminates the mayhem in the courtyard. An armored vehicle rams through the gates. Manzano explodes out of the driver's door in slow motion. He is clearly on a mission. He strides through the mayhem, Creasy's Sig Sauer in one hand, and a .45 auto in the other. Manzano's guide to his destination is the 'The Dreamer's' little Jack Russell running back to his master on instinct. Manzano moves purposefully. His surrounding environment is Chaplinesque in its chaos. He enters a long walkway to a patio, following the dog. Daniel Sanchez appears at the end of the hall. We ramp him into slow motion. The Mexican version of Gotti. He raises his arms, prepared for the inevitable. The outcome is a given. Work in Progress 2/10/03 Manzano unloads a magazine into him and we -