130) 0) text: As the butt of the shotgun makes contact with Guardian Two's mouth. Blood spouts as his front teeth are smashed in. As he raises his hands to his face, the pistol he holds discharges into the ceiling. Guardian One watches as Creasy clubs him again in the head. Frightened footsteps running on the other side of a plywood wall. A female voice yelling from the other room. Creasy gauges their whereabouts. BOOM!    Creasy fires into the wall.    Wall explodes. Guardian Three freezes mid stride.      It's a tough look woman in her 40's.
132) 0) text: The white tiled room we saw Pinta held in.    The door opens and Guardian Three leads Creasy in.
132) 1) dialog: He was screaming about the money and his dead nephew. He threw the little girl against the wall. The Female Guardian points. Creasy steps over.       Ther a smear of BLOOD against the wall.
132) 2) dialog: She fell. She wasn't moving. They threw her body in the trunk of the car and drove away. FLASHBACK: Guardian's POV through window. We glimpse through a dirty window, Pinta's body being put into a car trunk.
132) 4) dialog: The boss's brother, I recognize his voice. It's high pitched. We call him Woody Woodpecker. Work in Progress 2/10/03
132) 6) dialog: Please.    I don't know. And Creasy stands there a moment. Realizes she is telling the truth. Lost. And the sound that snaps him out of it... A GIRL CRYING. And Creasy is suddenly moving down...
133) 0) text: A window to the left explodes as the room is enveloped in flames. The front door opens, a weird sight. Creasy exits holding both the 12-year-old's hand and the Female Guardian who's bound and blindfolded in her underwear. They walk straight at camera as flames shoot out of the roof. Creasy has set the place on fire. Creasy is on fire. And as they continue to walk towards us...
135) 0) text: Creasy on the cellphone, the small Russian Taurus in the background. He stands outside the building still holding the little girl's hand. She has the same lost look he does. Female Guardian in the back of car.