9) 0) text: Samuel Valencia Ramos and his lawyer Jordan Kalfus in the privacy of an alcove table. Jordan is well heeled, well connected and well oiled. In that order. Samuel, at 40, already has the patrician look that has served the male members of his family for generations. They discuss the kidnapping, a headline on the paper Jordan tosses aside.
9) 1) dialog: The family paid the ransom and he was returned two days later. (laughs; chews)
9) 4) dialog: If she pisses you off, you get another one.
11) 0) text: Jordan smiles at his client, enjoys seeing him squirm.
11) 2) dialog: Yeah?   And if she was ugly? Samuel rolls his eyes. Jordan laughs.       Beheading two cigars, he passes one to Samuel. Work in Progress 2/10/03                                5
11) 3) dialog: All my clients have kidnap and ransom insurance.
11) 5) dialog: I know you need to please Lisa. An ass like that is hard to find. Good bodyguards are even harder.
11) 7) text: I know! I just had to let one go because I couldn't afford him! Jordan lights his cigar.
11) 8) dialog: You need a bodyguard of some description. It's a dangerous world we live in. But you will get what you pay for. He doesn't need to be Superman, does he? Can you go fifteen grand?
11) 10) dialog: For a few months. Hire someone cheap. You have to have a bodyguard to keep the insurance. Then fire him for incompetence. The important thing is Lisa's daughter will return to school. Samuel finally follows the logic.
11) 12) dialog: Her beauty fucks with your mind.
11) 14) dialog: She understands men. As Samuel puffs his cigar in satisfaction...
48) 0) text: Creasy waits in the street, stands by the Mercedes. He checks his watch, looks around. The minutes do not pass quickly. He looks over as the restaurant door opens and Lisa exits with Jordan Kalfus and his Latin wife EVELYN.
48) 3) text: Meet Jordan and Evelyn. Creasy nods.    They study him with interest.
48) 4) dialog: So you're the bodyguard? (Creasy nods again)
48) 5) text: You used to be, what did they used to call it, a soldier of fortune? Work in Progress 2/10/03 Jordan doesn't quite hide his disdain. Creasy nods a final time, lets his eyes drift to a 1000 yard stare.
48) 9) dialog: You see any danger out there? (laughs)
48) 11) dialog: I always wanted to ask a bodyguard, would you take a bullet for your employer, for Samuel? A condescending smile as Jordan awaits his answer.
48) 13) dialog: For Pinta then?
48) 16) dialog: What kind of an answer is that?
86) 0) text: A bedraggled-looking Samuel sits with Jordan by the phone. An INSURANCE COMPANY LAWYER is here as well. Maria cries softly in a doorway. MONTAGE - of chaos and panic. Judicial police are trying to set up shop. Tape recorders. Listening devices. Video cameras.
86) 4) dialog: We do not need or want police involvement. I am the negotiator. We feel a better guarantee of getting Pinta back without your involvement.
86) 6) text: This is the Attorney General Navarro Bernal Diaz. Jordan accepts reality.    They're taking control. Work in Progress 2/10/03
92) 0) text: Technicians, police, Tazinari, Jordan, and Samuel all listen intently to the call.
92) 2) dialog: Yes.
92) 4) dialog: The money, 10 million U.S. will be divided into two 15 gallon black canvas bags each containing five million which will be checked at the bank by the K&amp;R agent. Then driven to the house in an armored car where it will be transferred to the delivery car.
93) 0) text: The call between The Voice and Jordan continues.
93) 1) dialog: I need a driver to drive Samuel, the father.
93) 3) dialog: He has a heart condition.     Angina.   He responds badly to stress.
95) 1) dialog: We need proof of life. PAUSE.
150) 0) text: Flambouyant, beautiful 16-year-old boy with a black eye and bloody nose. Jordan's boyfriend. Terrified and in tears runs down the hallway. Creasy following.
151) 0) text: A huge maroon cloud covers the center of the pool. In the middle of the cloud is Jordan face down floating on the surface dressed in his beige linen suit.
151) 1) text: CLOSE UP of Jordan face down. We glimpse what we don't want to see. Black holes where his eyes and mouth were. His ears missing. Creasy not terribly impressed.   Just pissed that he's late. Creasy on a cell phone talking to Rosanna
153) 10) text: Jordan was supposed to take care of it. Through all of the above, Creasy removes the special bullet held in the seam of his wallet. The misfire.     H empties the other cartridges from his gun. Lisa suddenly attacks Samuel in a violent, emotional outburst of tears, screaming, and rage. Drawing blood from his nose and upper lip. Samuel smothers Lisa's arms beneath his. He appears strong and decisive for the first time. Creasy very carefully takes the bullet, puts it into the magazine and chambers the round. He looks into Samuel's eyes.