10) 0) text: Samuel sits at his baby    grand piano playing a gentle rendering of 'Delibes'.     His American wife LISA stands away from him. Just the     sight of her back reveals a pitch perfect petulance.    She tells him: Work in Progress 2/10/03
10) 1) dialog: A man's worth can be judged by what he has or what he owes. Only the amount matters.
10) 3) dialog: I'm only asking for one thing. And it's not an extravagance. It's not even for me; it's for our daughter.
10) 5) dialog: Our child's safety is at stake.
10) 8) dialog: Samuel, it is not something we should skimp on. A bodyguard's presence in the car or outside the school was at least some form of deterrent. Now he's gone, I feel totally exposed. She just stares at him.    He melts.
17) 2) dialog: You should be sleeping, baby. Work in Progress 2/10/03
17) 4) dialog: Good news.     You're going back to school.
17) 7) dialog: Samuel is going to hire a new bodyguard. It may take a few days, but you're going back. Pinta lets it sink in.   Lisa kisses her goodnight.
21) 0) text: Where Lisa is flipping through TV channels; Sky News, CNN, etc... Each one showing some terrorist act - West Bank protest, Madrid car bombing. Samuel and Creasy, meanwhile, enter behind her.      She clicks it off, looks back at them.
21) 1) dialog: The world of our children.   How dare they? Work in Progress 2/10/03
21) 4) dialog: You're American.
21) 8) dialog: Lisa Martin Ramos, Mr. Creasy. Lisa steps over, shakes Creasy's hand.    Gives him a qui once over.
21) 9) dialog: Would you like a drink? Creasy doesn't hesitate, doesn't look at Samuel and has no irony in his answer.
21) 12) dialog: You've done much of this work before?
21) 15) dialog: Do you have any family, Mr. Creasy? Creasy hesitates for an imperceptible beat.
21) 20) dialog: Pinta! A few moments and Pinta arrives.       'Cool Hand Pinta'.
21) 22) dialog: This is Mr. Creasy. Pinta walks over and very formally holds out her hand. Creasy shakes it. An odd beat.
21) 23) dialog: Pinta, show him to his room. Samuel reacts.    Creasy got the job.
21) 25) dialog: I think it's nice he's American.
21) 27) dialog: You realize that you've brought a killer into the house. Samuel is stopped short by that one.    She steps over an kisses her husband on the cheek.
21) 28) dialog: Thank you.     I feel better now.
23) 0) text: A battered TEDDY BEAR watches as Lisa sits on the foot of the bed, tucks Pinta in.
23) 1) dialog: School tomorrow, baby. Pinta smiles, happy at the thought.
23) 3) dialog: You do?
23) 5) text: 'Creasy bear'... Lisa smiles, kisses her goodnight.    As she starts out..
23) 8) dialog: Well, think about going to sleep.   Good night, baby. Lisa exits.   Pinta looks over at the battered teddy bear
23) 13) dialog: She likes him.
23) 15) dialog: Creasy.   Pinta likes him.
35) 2) dialog: Mr. Creasy, I wanted to make sure you have everything you need.
35) 4) dialog: Is the food alright?    Maria tells me that you didn't eat.
35) 6) dialog: (smiles)
35) 7) text: It insults Maria. Slip it to the dog if you have to... Do you mind if I talk to you for a moment? He shakes his head. Lisa glides into the room like a dancer, sits down at the foot of the bed.
35) 8) dialog: How are you getting along with Pinta?
35) 10) dialog: (smiles)
35) 13) dialog: You should know they're tenacious when they want something. And Pinta wants to be friends.
35) 16) dialog: No, you're right. You were hired to protect her, that's enough. I'm confident you'll do that. Lisa stands, is about to start out when she sees his gun and holster hanging from the corner of the bed. It gives her pause. Something sexy about it and Creasy's proximity.
35) 17) dialog: I didn't realize you had a gun.    I know that's silly to say. Creasy doesn't answer, just watches her.
35) 18) dialog: It makes it all seem so serious.
35) 20) dialog: Please, it's Lisa... I'll be coming with you tomorrow. I have lunch with friends. Finally, Lisa just shrugs and disappears out the door. Creasy slugs down a gulp of scotch.
44) 0) text: Silent Creasy driving. Lisa and Pinta in the back. Creasy steals a look in the mirror. Pinta stares straight ahead. But when Creasy looks away, Pinta steals a look at him.
46) 5) dialog: The traffic takes some getting used to. As Creasy cranes for a view, another WHITE Corolla comes by headed the opposite way. They're everywhere. This relaxes Creasy's paranoia. As he laughs to himself. Work in Progress 2/10/03
47) 2) dialog: Don't forget your towel. Pinta gets out with book bag and her      towel. As she starts to walk past Creasy without a      word, he holds her pencil. She holds up, shows him       a SECOND PENCIL continues on her way. Doesn't need       him.
47) 4) dialog: She has swimming practice today.    You'll need to pick her up at the pool. Creasy just nods. He doesn't want anything to do with Lisa either. Thoughtful, Lisa looks out the window.
47) 5) dialog: I talked to her. She understands.     She won't bother you anymore. As Creasy just drives.
48) 0) text: Creasy waits in the street, stands by the Mercedes. He checks his watch, looks around. The minutes do not pass quickly. He looks over as the restaurant door opens and Lisa exits with Jordan Kalfus and his Latin wife EVELYN.
48) 1) dialog: (sees him)
48) 7) text: Does he talk? As Lisa gives her a dirty look, Evelyn whispers...
48) 14) dialog: Jordan!
48) 18) dialog: Jordan, thank you for the lovely lunch. I promise not to let Evelyn spend too much. Evelyn doesn't see it, but Creasy does. Jordan just lets his fingers trace the top of Lisa's ass. As she and Evelyn head for the car, Creasy is there to open the door.
52) 0) text: A DRIVER gets Samuel's and Lisa's luggage into a car. They're on their way, kissing Pinta goodbye.
52) 1) dialog: I'll call you from Detroit, baby.
59) 0) text: Lisa on the phone. Fantastic in a black evening dress. The Ford car industry dinner awaits her entrance.
59) 1) dialog: You're sure she's alright? Samuel enters from the bathroom, concern on his face.
59) 2) dialog: Okay, good,   you're sure. (to   Samuel)
59) 4) dialog: Thank you, Creasy.      Give her my love.
65) 0) text: Lisa walking toward Creasy's room. As she moves to knock, she sees the door is ajar, hears voices. She peeks in. Work in Progress 2/10/03 Creasy and Pinta sit on the floor, pencils, papers and a book spread out before them. Doing her history homework.
65) 6) dialog: Creasy, tomorrow, after you drop off Pinta, could you come back to take me to get my hair done? Creasy nods. They both continue to look at her.      She gets the feeling she's interrupting.
65) 7) dialog: Alright, I'll leave you two to your history. As she goes...
66) 0) text: Mexico City traffic is heavy. Cars and people. Creasy stands by the car across the street. Cooling his heels. He can just catch a glimpse of Lisa in the shop. Suddenly the traffic seems to finish, expending itself. The street goes ominously quiet. Creasy's antennae go up. A police car comes prowling down the empty street. Creasy makes eye contact with the guys up front. Then, Creasy spots a BUSINESSMAN coming out of a doorway with a BODYGUARD attached. The bodyguard is speaking into a two-way radio. Work in Progress 2/10/03 Creasy's sixth sense tweaks as a Mercedes 500 pulls up to collect the businessman. And the cop car disappears around the corner even as TWO MEN start toward the businessman. Lisa exits the hairdresser's.    Looks stunning. Creasy starts across the street toward her. A second car squeals around the corner behind the Mercedes and everything goes to Hell. GUNFIRE erupts. And then Creasy is there. His arm around Lisa's waist, sweeping her off her feet. The next thing she knows she flattened on the ground in a shop doorway, Creasy on top of her. Shielding her. The bodyguard beside the businessman is killed. The body guard in the Mercedes trades a full magazine before he's shot. A PEDESTRIAN is killed. Liza screams as the glass above and behind them shatters. The businessman is hustled into the back of the second car. Lisa sees the gun in Creasy's hands. She hears the slamming of the car door, the screeching of tires. A parked VAN also hauling ass out of there. But then she's aware of something else. Creasy on top of her.   She feels his weight, his heat...
67) 0) text: Lisa sits in the backseat. Through the window we can see Creasy wrap up his statement to a member of the JUDICIAL POLICE. Finally he gets in the car, starts to drive. Work in Progress 2/10/03
67) 1) dialog: Murdering people in the street... You had your gun, why didn't you shoot them? The shoulders in front of her just shrug.
68) 0) text: The Mercedes parked. Creasy and Lisa up against it. Fucking. No cultured way to put it. Like animals. A primal release for both of them.
72) 0) text: First light is just tracing outlines against the window. Lisa alone in bed, staring at the ceiling. Frightened at what she's feeling.
75) 0) text: Where the song drifts down. Pinta smiles, closes her eyes. Now she can go to sleep. INT.   LISA &amp; SAMUEL'S ROOM - NIGHT Samuel makes love to his wife. But Lisa looks past him, through the walls and floors to where that song plays.
80) 0) text: Samuel and Lisa on the moving escalator. Home from Los Angeles. They look down through the glass, see Creasy waiting for them below. And finally, Lisa frowns. Work in Progress 2/10/03
80) 1) dialog: He has to go, Samuel.
80) 3) dialog: Creasy.
80) 5) dialog: Pinta likes him too much. (a beat)
80) 8) dialog: It's not. Samuel thinks about it, is almost apologetic.
80) 10) dialog: He has to go. Samuel looks at her, wonders at her adamancy.
80) 14) dialog: She's young.     She'll get over it. Work in Progress 2/10/03
85) 2) dialog: Sitting catatonic. In the dark. Halfway to mourning already. A HUBBUB drifts up from the rooms below.
100) 0) text: CU of Pinta looking up at Creasy. The camera ramps into Pinta's smile. A small, but a sinificant moment in terms of their connection. INT. LISA &amp; SAMUEL'S BEDROOM - DAY The curtains are drawn tight. Slivers of light illuminate the darkened room. Lisa sits on the end of the bed humming a nursery rhyme. She rocks gently.
108) 2) dialog: (softly)
108) 4) dialog: Why are you here?     Why didn't you die?
108) 6) text: I was already dead. Eyes brimming, Lisa has no more words.       But Creasy c bearing cold comfort.
108) 8) text: I'm going   to kill them. Anyone who opens their eyes   at me. Lisa doesn't answer, but the connection between them is suddenly monumental. Finally, Creasy looks away. He picks up Pinta's battered, old TEDDY BEAR.
108) 9) dialog: Creasy... He turns, but she doesn't look back at him.
108) 10) dialog: Kill them, Creasy. Creasy nods.    He will.    As he continues away...
108) 11) dialog: Kill them all.
153) 0) text: Samuel eats dinner silently. Lisa just stares into space, nursing a vodka. Even great marriages cannot survive the trauma of kidnapping and subsequent death. The door opens and they expect to see Maria with the deserts. Creasy enters and sits at the table like a dinner guest.
153) 2) text: I'm going to talk to your wife. If you move or say one word, I'll kill you. He takes a Colt Officer model .45 semi-automatic pistol out of his waistband and lays it on the table in preparation for something, we don't know what. He turns to Lisa.
153) 6) dialog: Planned what? Work in Progress 2/10/03
153) 10) text: Jordan was supposed to take care of it. Through all of the above, Creasy removes the special bullet held in the seam of his wallet. The misfire.     H empties the other cartridges from his gun. Lisa suddenly attacks Samuel in a violent, emotional outburst of tears, screaming, and rage. Drawing blood from his nose and upper lip. Samuel smothers Lisa's arms beneath his. He appears strong and decisive for the first time. Creasy very carefully takes the bullet, puts it into the magazine and chambers the round. He looks into Samuel's eyes.
154) 0) text: Lisa just sits.    Where will she find air to breathe?
170) 1) dialog: (silence)
170) 4) dialog: You're lying.     I don't believe you.
171) 0) text: Darkness has fallen. Few people are on the street as Creasy pulls to the south end of the bridge. He parks... looks around... it's deserted. She's not coming. Checks his watch, turns and walks toward the bridge. The Ramos Mercedes drives up the bridge. Headlights off. Lisa is driving. She exits the car. She runs to catch Creasy.
171) 1) dialog: Creasy... Wait.