34) 0) text: Creasy sits at the table   with the old gardener GOMEZ (we've seen him trimming   hedges and such in earlier exteriors). Gomez's just    cleaned his plate and is goin after any remnants with a   crust of bread. Creasy hasn't touched his. MARIA, the cook, enters.    As she clocks Creasy's plate.
35) 7) text: It insults Maria. Slip it to the dog if you have to... Do you mind if I talk to you for a moment? He shakes his head. Lisa glides into the room like a dancer, sits down at the foot of the bed.
54) 2) dialog: My pleasure, Creasy. Pinta enters  in a RED SATIN DEVIL'S OUTFIT. She looks a bit forlorn  as she sits at opposite ends of the table from Creasy.   As she stares at her plate, Creasy starts to laugh at  what an odd sight she is. All dressed up and no place to  go. Wrong move. Pinta stands, marches out of the room. Maria and Creasy exchange a look...
63) 0) text: Gomez, Maria and Creasy again joined by Pinta.    As Crea places a fork of meat into his mouth...
63) 10) text: Yeah. Can you imagine my mother multiplied by a thousand? Maria and Gomez burst out laughing. So funny that Creasy smiles. Pinta lights up at the sight. A huge victory.
79) 0) text: A MARIACHI BAND roams. We see Creasy but not who he's with. A date? As we come around it's Pinta. Sitting with them, Rayburn and his wife. And a sleeping four- year-old. NOTE: Rethink following dialogue with reference to Creasy / Rayburn background.
86) 0) text: A bedraggled-looking Samuel sits with Jordan by the phone. An INSURANCE COMPANY LAWYER is here as well. Maria cries softly in a doorway. MONTAGE - of chaos and panic. Judicial police are trying to set up shop. Tape recorders. Listening devices. Video cameras.
153) 0) text: Samuel eats dinner silently. Lisa just stares into space, nursing a vodka. Even great marriages cannot survive the trauma of kidnapping and subsequent death. The door opens and they expect to see Maria with the deserts. Creasy enters and sits at the table like a dinner guest.