9) 0) text: Samuel Valencia Ramos and his lawyer Jordan Kalfus in the privacy of an alcove table. Jordan is well heeled, well connected and well oiled. In that order. Samuel, at 40, already has the patrician look that has served the male members of his family for generations. They discuss the kidnapping, a headline on the paper Jordan tosses aside.
9) 3) dialog: And now every mother with money in Mexico City wants bigger and better bodyguards. My own wife included.
9) 5) dialog: (laughs grimly)
10) 0) text: Samuel sits at his baby    grand piano playing a gentle rendering of 'Delibes'.     His American wife LISA stands away from him. Just the     sight of her back reveals a pitch perfect petulance.    She tells him: Work in Progress 2/10/03
10) 2) dialog: And bankruptcy. Where will that put me in the social strata?
10) 4) dialog: Our daughter. She turns at that: a woman so beautiful it nearly hurts to look at her. She stares, plays him like Chinese Checkers.
10) 6) dialog: (stops playing)
11) 1) dialog: Of course I care about Pinta. She'll be as beautiful as her mother one day.
11) 4) dialog: I have a policy, AIG. It covers me and my family and when it runs out in sixty days, without a bodyguard, I will not be able to renew it.
11) 6) dialog: (interrupts)
11) 9) dialog: For a year?
11) 11) dialog: And Lisa will be able to save face.    We won't be the only family without a bodyguard.
11) 13) dialog: For an American she understands this country very well. Work in Progress 2/10/03
17) 0) text: Nine-year-old PINTA MARTIN RAMOS stares out at the garden, a bit like Creasy, but only a ten yard stare. Pinta's eyes brim with life. She folds her hands, closes her eyes, prays. 'Chopin' drifts up from downstairs. Samuel on the baby grand.
20) 0) text: Creasy at the wheel.    Samuel sits in the back.   Studyi
20) 1) dialog: You drive easily. Smoothly. Creasy doesn't answer, just drives.
20) 2) dialog: Were you provided with a gun?
20) 4) dialog: Show me, please. Creasy takes his right hand off the wheel, reaches under his jacket and passes back a beat-to-shit looking PISTOL.
20) 5) dialog: What is it?
20) 7) dialog: Have you used this type before? Creasy just nods.   Doesn't like the show and tell.
20) 8) dialog: Is it loaded?
20) 10) dialog: You will meet my wife first. She would like it if you are presentable, polite and respectful. You'll be the fifth candidate she's seen this week. Samuel flips through a manila folder.
20) 11) dialog: Your resume is impressive. Nine years in the Army. Extensive counter terrorism work. I shouldn't be able to afford you in my current state. What's the catch?
20) 14) dialog: How does it affect you?
20) 16) dialog: And what if amateurs try it?
20) 18) dialog: No. And no one is to know of your drinking problem. That includes my wife. As they pull up to the Ramos' impressive hacienda.
21) 0) text: Where Lisa is flipping through TV channels; Sky News, CNN, etc... Each one showing some terrorist act - West Bank protest, Madrid car bombing. Samuel and Creasy, meanwhile, enter behind her.      She clicks it off, looks back at them.
21) 6) dialog: (introducing)
21) 14) dialog: He has experience in related work.     A great deal of it.
21) 26) dialog: I think it's fantastic. Work in Progress 2/10/03
23) 14) dialog: Hmm?
23) 16) dialog: Pinta loves school. She'd like Count Dracula is he took her back there. Work in Progress 2/10/03 Lisa just smiles, knows her daughter better.
35) 0) text: 'Chopin' drifts across the courtyard. Samuel is a very accomplished player. Creasy sits in a chair in the twilight by the window, a glass of scotch in his hand. A knock at the door.
52) 0) text: A DRIVER gets Samuel's and Lisa's luggage into a car. They're on their way, kissing Pinta goodbye.
52) 3) dialog: You enjoy it for us, Pinta. Lisa gives her a look. Don't make this harder than it has to be. Finally, Pinta nods. Creasy waits quite a discreet distance away by the Mercedes. She steps over, stops to wave goodbye one last time, then gets in back. As Creasy shuts the door.
59) 3) text: He took her   for an X-ray, but it's just a bruise and   a sprain. She turns her back so Samuel can zip her dress up.
73) 0) text: As the Mercedes pulls in, another car is ahead of it. Samuel is home, a DRIVER pulls his LUGGAGE from the trunk. Pinta gets out of the Mercedes.
73) 2) dialog: I want to thank you, Creasy.   For what you did for my wife. Creasy wants to choke, but he just nods, looks past Samuel to Pinta who looks bemused. He doesn't even want to know exactly what she knows. The Car Wash Guy, - Pedro, ingratiates himself with Samuel.
75) 0) text: Where the song drifts down. Pinta smiles, closes her eyes. Now she can go to sleep. INT.   LISA &amp; SAMUEL'S ROOM - NIGHT Samuel makes love to his wife. But Lisa looks past him, through the walls and floors to where that song plays.
80) 0) text: Samuel and Lisa on the moving escalator. Home from Los Angeles. They look down through the glass, see Creasy waiting for them below. And finally, Lisa frowns. Work in Progress 2/10/03
80) 2) dialog: What?   Who?
80) 4) dialog: Why?    You were so pleased with him.
80) 7) dialog: That's ridiculous.
80) 9) dialog: I've just been so busy, Lisa.
80) 11) dialog: The three month trial ends in a week. I just won't confirm the position. That possibility was understood when I hired him. Lisa gives him a look. She wants it done today.     But f once, Samuel is stronger than his wife.
80) 12) dialog: I won't create bad feelings. And another week won't make a difference. Off the escalator, they turn toward Creasy waiting unaware.
80) 13) dialog: It will be a hard break.
80) 15) dialog: I wasn't thinking of Pinta. As Lisa looks over at Samuel, he's reaching out his hand, smiling big.
80) 16) dialog: Creasy, how are you? As they shake hands...
81) 2) dialog: No discussion, Pinta. Mr. Lozzi is a famous teacher. If he accepts you, you will play. As Pinta marches out of the room...
86) 0) text: A bedraggled-looking Samuel sits with Jordan by the phone. An INSURANCE COMPANY LAWYER is here as well. Maria cries softly in a doorway. MONTAGE - of chaos and panic. Judicial police are trying to set up shop. Tape recorders. Listening devices. Video cameras.
86) 9) dialog: It's impossible. I cannot afford thirty million. I will need to borrow the money. Samuel proposes five million.   Kidnapper gets angry. Demands 20 million.
86) 11) dialog: The realities are I do not have access to this type of money. They settle at ten million.   The kidnapper gives a list of instructions.
86) 15) dialog: Yes, I will give you interest.
92) 0) text: Technicians, police, Tazinari, Jordan, and Samuel all listen intently to the call.
95) 3) dialog: Hello. Work in Progress 2/10/03
97) 0) text: Samuel driving.   Tazinari dialing his cellphone.
97) 1) dialog: He said no phones!
98) 0) text: Samuel's car is parked on the  south side of the bridge. A shirtless Samuel carries two  large duffle bags containing ten million dollars  across the bridge. We see Tazinari again dialing up his  cell phone.
100) 0) text: CU of Pinta looking up at Creasy. The camera ramps into Pinta's smile. A small, but a sinificant moment in terms of their connection. INT. LISA &amp; SAMUEL'S BEDROOM - DAY The curtains are drawn tight. Slivers of light illuminate the darkened room. Lisa sits on the end of the bed humming a nursery rhyme. She rocks gently.
153) 0) text: Samuel eats dinner silently. Lisa just stares into space, nursing a vodka. Even great marriages cannot survive the trauma of kidnapping and subsequent death. The door opens and they expect to see Maria with the deserts. Creasy enters and sits at the table like a dinner guest.
153) 9) dialog: Our lifestyle was in jeopardy. My pain and weakness only fueled your anger and determination. I wasn't sure about whether to go through with it or not. Then I woke up one day and it was done. (beat)
153) 10) text: Jordan was supposed to take care of it. Through all of the above, Creasy removes the special bullet held in the seam of his wallet. The misfire.     H empties the other cartridges from his gun. Lisa suddenly attacks Samuel in a violent, emotional outburst of tears, screaming, and rage. Drawing blood from his nose and upper lip. Samuel smothers Lisa's arms beneath his. He appears strong and decisive for the first time. Creasy very carefully takes the bullet, puts it into the magazine and chambers the round. He looks into Samuel's eyes.