2) 1) dialog: Oh, that’s great ... look at this, Katya ... EXT. GREENWICH VILLAGE - DAY 14. They move along the sidewalk, Josh, Bonnie, Katya. * (CONTINUED)
2) 4) dialog: What do you think, you in the mood for a slice of pizza?
2) 6) dialog: You’re not? (he shrugs) Are you feeling all right?
2) 8) dialog: You’re fine, but you don’t want pizza.
2) 10) dialog: What men in the park? EXT. WASHINGTON SQUARE - DAY 15. The usual suspects hunched over the marble tables in the southwest corner of the park - hustlers and junkies and e masters like Israel Zilber, a mad bearded Russian - playi chess, backgammon and cards. The preferred hustle here is blitz - chess with a time li of a few minutes at the outside - a fast and furious prog punctuated by piece-slamming and clock-banging. Money changes hands under a sign that reads, "No Gambling The residents of one bank of tables, drug dealers, consid the lady with the stroller and the little boy.
2) 11) dialog: come on, Josh, let’s go. Uncomfortable here even if she weren't with her children, tries to pull Josh away. But it’s no good; he’s fascinate the look of the game, the action and the shape of the pie hardly noticing the players themselves. (CONTINUED)
2) 21) dialog: Come on, Josh, let’s go.
2) 27) dialog: Josh, come on. .
2) 30) text: Al6. 17. 18. Paved 08/29/92» PR, iL CONTINUED: 16. plastic figures in Medieval garb - kings and queens and a = and the wooden knight. From elsewhere in the house - BONNIE 0.5. You washed up, Josh? From the castle’s tower, a lone prisoner behind barred wi watches as Josh moves the wooden knight out from behind a smaller figures ... EXT. PS 41 - DAY Al6. The last kids out of the building walk off with their mot leaving Bonnie and Katya virtually alone on the sidewalk. EXT. PLAYGROUND - PS 41 - DAY 17. Bonnie and Katya step inte the yard. Kids are jumping rop swatting tether balis, climbing jungle gyms, playing bask Scanning the yard for Josh, Bonnie spots him at the far e beyond children in motion, on the ground with a checkers covered with small plastic chess men. EXT. GREENWICH VILLAGE - LATER - DAY 18. Washington Square looms in the distance up ahead. Bonnie acutely aware of it, and, reaching a corner, turns it wit daughter. .
2) 32) dialog: Home. She shrugs, Where else? Josh looks at her like she’s craz points the other way.
2) 34) dialog: I know... I... thought maybe we’d sort of go around ... down to 4th for a change.
2) 41) dialog: (defeated) The park.
2) 43) dialog: Excuse me, sir. Glancing down, Zilber finds standing before him a nervous clutching the hands of a little girl and boy.
2) 44) dialog: I noticed your sign. Scrawled on cardboard and resting on the table, it reads, OR PHOTOGRAF OF THE MAN WHO BEET TAL, 1953 ~ ONE DOLLAR. strikes a pose ... then frowns. ZILBER . Where's your camera?
2) 45) dialog: No. My son would like to play a game of chess with you. 4 Bonnie fishes a dollar from her wallet and cautiously hol out to the drunken Russian madman. Zilber considers the b long and critically before snapping the bill out of his m hand like a trout striking a shiny lure. Josh sits. His face doesn’t reach much beyond the rim of table. He peers through the chess pieces as if through th trees of an impenetrable forest. Zilber moves a pawn. Josh moves a pawn. Vinnie, at the ne table thumbing through a newspaper, glances over. 2Zilber brings out a knight. Josh brings out a knight. Am (CONTINUED)
2) 46) text: Revco 08/01 2 13 CONTINUED: 19. more than intrigued by the image of the young boy and the Russian, others wander over to watch. Zilber topples Josh’s pawn with a bishop. Josh forays thr the "forest" with his queen. Bonnie, amazed that Josh kno to correctly move the pieces, stares at her son like he m belong to somebody else. Zilber captures a knight. Josh gangs up on a rook with hi queen and a bishop. Zilber slips away, but not before eye briefly and suspiciously, this small boy sitting across f him. At the next table, Vinnie smiles to himself. Josh tries to protect his king as Zilber advances with hi queen. He takes a “poisoned” pawn and the Russian goes in the kill with an army of men.
2) 53) dialog: (whispers) Let’s go Josh, don’t tell him your last --
2) 67) dialog: I took Josh to the park today. He played chess. Fred nods absently, types a few words and gestures to a g a cart full of drinks.
2) 70) dialog: Yes, he does, Don’t ask me how but he does. A hard hit line drive finds the hole in the right side an crowd goes wild. To anyone -
2) 75) dialog: A horrible old man reeking of alcohol and urine. And this other ... horrible man said he used two pieces together to attack. Coffee in a cup is handed down and across the tiers to Fr
2) 77) dialog: He plays chess, Fred.
2) 98) dialog: Josh, your Dad wants to see you play like with the ... men in the park.
2) 111) dialog: He wasn’t trying to win. ( rep pause Oh, no? She shakes her head, keeps working. *
2) 114) dialog: You don’t get it. (he doesn’t) * He doesn’t want to beat his daddy. * Fred has to laugh, but the look on her face says it’s tru sighs and takes off his coat. 30. Fata 08 725 82 20 INT. LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER ~ DAY 30. Josh bounds down the stairs, ready to go out. His father’ lining up the chessmen again.
2) 118) dialog: (appearing) No, I don’t.
2) 122) dialog: It’s just a game, Josh, it’s okay to beat him, you won’t hurt his feelings. Fred rolls his eyes. Josh signs and approaches the table, reverses the king and queen his father set up wrong.
4) 2) dialog: Katya, your dad’s trying to think. why? KATYA y?
4) 3) dialog: (with a laugh) I don’t know. Fred glances over at her long-sufferingly before timidly advancing a pawn. .
4) 93) dialog: (pause) To be honest with you I have no idea where he lives.
4) 95) dialog: You have a good heart. And that’s the most important thing in the world. She leans in, kisses his forehead, closes up the fort and switches off the flashlight.
4) 96) dialog: Good night.
5) 53) dialog: You left them up there?
5) 59) dialog: Used to? Katya puts a plate of toast and bacon in front of hin.
5) 61) text: Professor Plum, in the conservatory, with a rope. Josh checks the solution and somberly shakes his head, ‘n Pandolfini groans. Neither notices Fred passing by the do and glancing in briefly on his way down the hall. INT. MASTER BEDROOM - LATER - DAY 58. Fred stares blankly at the half-written sports column on computer screen, types a few words. From elsewhere in the house comes Pandolfini’s voice - PANDOLFINI 0.S. uestron? ou_have stron? TI lov that. Fred sighs and tries to write. INT. LIVING ROOM - LATER - DAY 59. The chess set, untouched. Nearby, pacing slowly, Fred gla from the ceiling to his watch and up again. He hears foot coming down the stairs, but it turns out to be Katya. INT. JOSH’S ROOM ~ LATER - DAY 60. Josh moves comfortably through the debris of his room, explaining to Pandolfini how certain things work, where h them, how he never throws anything out. He shows him a Ne ‘crossbow, slips its three arrows on his fingers like lon fingernails. 61. 62. 63. Parveed 00/20/02 PINK. 39 INT. KITCHEN - SAME TIME ~ DAY 61. Fred back at the kitchen table, sipping coffee and glanci through the Sports page. Bonnie buttons their daughter's they’re going out.
5) 62) dialog: Are you paying him by the hour? Fred nods glumly without looking up. INT. JOSH’S ROOM ~- LATER - DAY 62. Down on the floor again with a Simon toy, Josh repeats it increasingly complex sequence of tones. Down on the floor with him, Pandolfini watches. He’s starting to get the pi INT. LIVING ROOM - LATE AFTERNOON 63. Not far from the chessboard -- still untouched -~ Pandolf slips into his jacket and wraps the scarf around his neck
5) 79) dialog: (prompting) Fred.
5) 81) text: That’s great. (to Bonnie) So long. As Pandolfini heads for the door, stairs. Calling out loudly - Josh climbs back up the
5) 82) text: So what do you think, Josh, some Pac Man next week? Pac Man and pizza? JOSH O.S. Great. Pandolfini lets himself out. Giving Fred a look that says all, Bonnie turns and leaves to go upstairs. Alone in the room, staring at the untouched checkered board and facele chessmen, Fred shakes his head in
6) 26) dialog: You're overdressed, Bruce. Josh tags one and the crowd of parents and siblings goes Josh rounds third and dives for home well under the throw sails over the backstop and into the parking lot. (CONTINUED)
6) 36) dialog: No. The men glance over at Bonnie as if only now realizing sh sitting there with then.
6) 37) dialog: It'd kill him not to play in the park. He loves it.
6) 39) dialog: Then your job’s harder. Fred stares at his wife, taken aback by her tone. Her loo tells him and Pandolfini, That’s final. The teacher yield a nod, knewing more than he knew before today: she’s the he’s going to have to contend with on these matters.
6) 40) text: Fine. I would though like to start seeing him twice a week. INT. KATYA’S/JOSH’S BEDROOMS ~ THAT NIGHT A70. Bonnie pulls back up the blanket her sleeping daughter ha kicked off, does the same thing for Josh, comes down the INT. MASTER BEDROOM ~ CONTINUOUS B70. - inte the room where Fred sits exhausted and goes into t bathroom to wash up for bed. As much to himself - (CONTINUED)
6) 44) dialog: Let him decide.
6) 46) dialog: No, he wouldn’t. Fred sits in the quiet that’s broken only by the splash o water in the sink, too tired to get washed up himself.
6) 48) dialog: Make sure his laces are tied if there’s escalators - A phone rings. She emerges from the bathroom with Josh’s toiletries.
6) 49) dialog: And that there’s seat belts in the cabs ~ Fred answers the phone and keeps packing. Bonnie’s out th bedroom door.
6) 51) dialog: It’s only overnight, Josh. He contemplates the heap of stuff in the suitcase and eve removes the frisbee. Bonnie has to smile. Kneels down.
6) 52) dialog: Come here.
6) 54) dialog: I’m going to miss you.
6) 68) text: , Josh, hey, how you doing? You excited? Listen, I’m not going to be able to make it, I’ve got some things I have to take care of. 76. 77. 78. 79. 80. Revived 07/06/02 - YELLOW 4g INT. MASTER BEDROOM - INTERCUT 76. Fred leaves the room with his suitcase past Bonnie. Josh to nod like he imagines an adult might if dealt such a bl almost manages to keep the hurt out of his voice.
13) 0) text: Bonnie and Katya put Fred and Josh into a cab outside the pbuilding. As it pulls away, Bonnie watches after it. *
15) 0) text: Approaching the playing room with his shouldered laptop, takes a deep breath to prepare himself against the possib of defeat, and enters - & Scanning the room from the doorway, Fred tries to ignore handful of kids who are crying. He eventually finds Josh’ face in the crowd but it reveals little. Fred’s, on the o hand, is tortured, desperate for the news. Josh nods slightly and it’s all Fred can do to keep from shouting out loud with glee. OMITTED 110. OMITTED 112. Rowead 07/08/92 YELLOW 63 All1. EXT. WASHINGTON SQUARE - DAY Alll. vinnie admires Josh’s latest trophy, wraps an arm around glances over to Bonnie and back to Josh.
23) 24) dialog: Fred. Fred sighs. Bonnie’s glance finds a couple of other paren looking over at them, and Josh, with a group of kids, aro one computer in the room. She lowers her voice:
23) 25) dialog: Is Josh falling behind in his schoolwork?
23) 27) dialog: There’s a problem there?
23) 41) dialog: Fred.
23) 43) dialog: She’s trying to make a point, maybe you should listen. Vinnie thinks he’s spending too much time at it, too. (CONTINUED)
24) 0) text: Fred comes into the kitchen and stares into the fridge. Bonnie’s at the table, depressed, even more uncertain tha husband that this isn’t a huge misstep.
24) 3) dialog: It’s a mistake. Silence. Fred doesn’t care for it. He takes his cold dinn with him to eat upstairs.
25) 0) text: While Bonnie attends to Katya on a swing, Josh and Vinnie hamburgers and fries from McDonald’s Kids’ Meals she’s bo then.
28) 19) dialog: If you never played another game, your father’d think no less of you. He was just surprised. As were you. He didn’t think it could happen. He wasn’t ready for it. (pause) . ‘ He loves you more than anything in the world. She waits for him to nod that he understands, but he only staring at the wall. INT. LIVING ROOM = CONTINUED Al4o. Fred stares, too, calculating, perhaps, his next move. EXT. BASEBALL DIAMOND - DAY 141. The Bears, without Josh, throw a baseball around the infi Fred, in street clothes, hoists a canvas bag full of catc gear and bats from the trunk of a yellow cab and hauls it to the father who’s replacing him as coach. (CONTINUED)
28) 64) text: One, two, three, four, five, six, seven - One, two, three, four, five, six, seven ~ One, two, three, four, five, six, seven ~- Josh stares at the board as if for the first time, as if never played the game before, as if he knows nothing abou game. From behind comes a tinkling of musical notes; his little sister has just wandered in through the swinging k door with a push toy. She’s gathered up from behind by Fr shrugs an apology before whisking her out of the room ~ 149. INT. KITCHEN ~ CONTINUOUS ~ EARLY MORNING 149. ~ and into the kitchen. He deposits her at the table and places a toy in front of her, But it makes music, too. He substitutes it with a stuffed animal and steps away to sh off a whistling kettle on the stove. Bonnie hands back to daughter the musical toy. 150. OMITTED 150. 151. EXT/INT. HOLIDAY INN - DAY idl. From high above, kids splash around in the hotel pool. Pu back, a balcony is revealed, then the inside of a hotel r Josh at the desk studying an endgame position on a pocket set. Fred moves past and shuts the sliding glass door, silencing the distracting laughter of the children below. There’s no "fort" in this roon.
31) 0) text: Coming past the park ~ not through it - Bonnie watches Jo watching - and w shing he could join - the hustlers acros street in the chess circle. He looks up at her; she reall wants to say yes. But doesn’t. Keeps walking, holding Kat hand. (Now Sc. 155)
34) 17) dialog: Get out of my house.
34) 20) dialog: Get out of my house. He crosses to the front door just as Fred comes back in. Pandolfini says nothing as he lets himself out. Fred star after him, then to Bonnie. *
34) 24) dialog: It’s over. *
35) 2) dialog: This is like baseball to you.
35) 4) dialog: (interrupting) He’s not afraid of ‘losing, he’s afraid of losing your love. Silence.
35) 5) dialog: How many ballplayers grow up afraid of losing their father’s love every time they come up to the plate?
35) 8) dialog: He knows you disapprove of him. He knows you think he’s weak. But he’s not weak. He’s decent. And if you, or Bruce, or anyone tries to beat that out of him... I’1] take him away. 167. INT. JOSH’S ROOM ~ CONTINUED - NIGHT 167. Moving in on Josh, asleep, a door slamming somewhere in t house, probably in Fred’s face. Silence then. And -
38) 2) dialog: Yeah, he’s in his room.
38) 4) dialog: (pause) Go see your son. tee Oe ee + ee eee ee ee 179. Revised 08/29/82: PINK 99 INT. JOSH’S ROOM ~ LATE AFTERNOON 179.% Fred pushes the door open. Nothing obstructs it; there’s junk on the floor. Things have been put away. It’s clean, Fred approaches the fort ~
38) 19) dialog: I take it you didn’t find hin. It seems so long ago Fred set out to find Fischer, but it only yesterday.
38) 21) dialog: You're kidding. What was he like? What did he say?
41) 0) text: The Chicago skyline juts up into a haze of smog. INT. HOTEL BANQUET ROOM - DAY 192. Descending from a great height, two hundred identical che boards in a deserted room are eventually obscured by the of a single king. 193. 194. 195. Rerrped 08,0102 109 EXT. HOTEL, CHICAGO = DAY 193. A large banner draped across the entrance of a hotel ripp in the breeze - NATIONAL SCHOLASTIC CHESS CHAMPIONSHIP. A pulls up and delivers Fred, Bonnie, Josh, Katya and, stra out last, Vinnie. INT. HOTEL LOBBY - DAY 194. A clerk calls out room numbers to a bellboy as she hands and Vinnie keys and an uneasy smile.
41) 43) dialog: Are you hungry?
46) 7) dialog: It’s over, isn’t it.