0) 10) text: li. Fated 08/22/92 «PREC 5 CONTINUED: 10. Wind howls through the trees, but Josh hardly notices. He intrigued by the figurines on the chess board, plainer th one in his hand, but still discernible as horses and cast kings. Lightning flashes across the checkered battlefield as the overcast sky opens up above, unleashing torrents of rain cheap plastic chessmen. Hands rake them from the boards a into paper bags. Elsewhere, people scatter. Josh's mother groans at the sound of crashing thunder and hurriedly re-covers the cake. He hears her calling him, h father, too, and turns ... to find himself in the shadow imposing black man in a torn sweater, muddy pants. There's a weathered baseball in the man’s leathery hand. holds it out in offering, but when Josh reaches for it, h it back. He wants the chess piece clutched in the boy’s h exchange. His eyes say, It’s a fair trade ... INT. JOSH’S BEDROOM ~ THAT NIGHT ll. Rain snaking down a window. Dinosaur night lamp on the le Closer, here, drops of glistening liquid from a red and w can of 3-in-1 oil, upside down, fall through space and in pocket of a brand new baseball mitt. Almost a whisper ~ (CONTINUED)
0) 11) text: il. Fevieed 00/20/02 - PR 6 CONTINUED: 11. FRED 0.S. You have to be careful not to use too much of this stuff. Just enough. Not too much, how’s that look? JOSH O.S. Good. Small hands pass bigger ones a washcloth. It rubs at the the glove, saturating the leather. FRED 0.S. You want to really get it in there. Look at it drink it up: What a great smell that is, isn’t it? Now - They’re revealed finally, inside a bunk bed draped with s like a fort, Josh with pajamas printed with cowboys and Indians, his father, Fred, wearing a look of bewilderment
5) 42) text: You’re his father, it’s your decision. Fred’s glance shifts to a young woman in shorts tiptoe-in across the soggy putrid rug. She ineffectually lays newsp over the mess.
7) 11) dialog: Yeah, you?
7) 13) dialog: What's your kid’s rating?
9) 0) text: The kids glance among themselves, stunned that their pare have been forcibly removed from the room. It’s so qu et n So peaceful. They burst into applause. INT. LOCKER ROOM ~ LATER ~ DAY 86. Their mothers and fathers move listlessly around the room fish in an aquarium. Some are buried in chess books. Fred wanders over to the rating and pairing sheets someon tacked to the wall and considers them. Josh’s name is dow the bottom alongside some other unrated ‘nobodies.’ (CONTINUED)
11) 10) dialog: If your son wins his game and mine wins his, they’11 be playing each other in the final round.
11) 12) dialog: Hey, it’s just a game. Fred nods, but knows otherwise already.
11) 13) dialog: I’m gonna get a tuna fish sandwich, you want one?
11) 20) dialog: Ill bring one back for you. Before Fred can answer, the guy heads off across the room table where parents can buy sandwiches, M&Ms, Doritos and Noticing a beefy man he thinks he recognizes sitting alon in thought, Fred approaches.
11) 30) dialog: Don’t believe him, your boy’1l pull it out. Using the same reverse psychology tactic, Fred opines --
11) 38) dialog: I’m trying to be nice. I bring hima sandwich and he pretends to be distracted and doesn’t pay me. Can you believe this guy? Fred realizes the man is talking about him, and hurries o pulling out his wallet.
11) 40) dialog: - Oh, now you want to pay me.
12) 3) text: EXT. HOTEL ~ DAY AlQ7.* Josh and Morgan racing radio-controlled cars around a par lot while their fathers, holding trophies, watch. * INT. HOTEL - DAY (INSERT) B107. Moving up the rating sheet to Josh’s name, which has rise
22) 0) text: Tournament officials break up a fight between two distrau fathers < 64 All17.* ’ to le. up +e ee Bl17.* +e Oe
23) 75) text: If you say it’s great, then it has to be. The unwavering trust Josh places in his father unsettles he’s not at all sure this is the right thing to do... *
40) 27) text: Don’t let him go down there to lose, that’s what you can do for him. You’re his father, forbid it. Fred thinks about it, has thought about it, thinks of not (CONTINUED)