0) 11) text: il. Fevieed 00/20/02 - PR 6 CONTINUED: 11. FRED 0.S. You have to be careful not to use too much of this stuff. Just enough. Not too much, how’s that look? JOSH O.S. Good. Small hands pass bigger ones a washcloth. It rubs at the the glove, saturating the leather. FRED 0.S. You want to really get it in there. Look at it drink it up: What a great smell that is, isn’t it? Now - They’re revealed finally, inside a bunk bed draped with s like a fort, Josh with pajamas printed with cowboys and Indians, his father, Fred, wearing a look of bewilderment
0) 13) dialog: I forgot to buy a ball - I can’t believe it. You got to put a ball in the pocket. A hardball. I ~
0) 15) dialog: Yeah, that’1ll work. He buries the little globe in the pocket and sticks the g under the mattress.
0) 16) dialog: Now you’re set. We'll get a ball tomorrow. Josh crawls under the covers. Fred leans in across scatte baseball cards and kisses his son on the forehead.
0) 17) dialog: Sorry about the rain. (CONTINUED)
0) 20) dialog: Hey, you know what, can you believe * this? I can’t believe this .. You’re seven. Josh smiles almost as proudly as his father.
0) 21) dialog: Happy Birthday. Fred lets the flap of the fort close down and navigates p toys and games and books and the wrapping paper they came As the overhead light goes out, a nightlight in a socket automatically switches on. Silence. Then, inside the fort, a flashlight snaps on, illuminating the knight on horseback in Josh’s hand. Fasc with it, he can just hear the pounding of horses’ hoofs a the clang of iron swords which
2) 68) dialog: I’m sorry, what? She lets it sink in rather than repeat it.
2) 69) dialog: Josh doesn’t know how to play chess.
2) 71) dialog: What field was that? (CONTINUED)
2) 74) dialog: He played chess in the park ... -against who?
2) 76) dialog: He moved the pieces around with a drunk at the park, is that what you’re saying?
2) 78) dialog: He doesn’t even tie his shoes. She doesn’t claim to understand it, she’s just reporting facts. Her husband smiles to himself and glances back dow his work while Josh, shoe laces dangling, notes the hit o scoresheet.
2) 86) dialog: Oh, you scared me. She laughs with delight and hides again. Fred sifts throu box and eventually pulls out an old chess set. Katya lung from behind the clothes again and Fred again clutches his
2) 87) dialog: Oh, you scared me. INT. KITCHEN - MORNING 26. Josh at the table with a variety~-pack box of cereal and toys. His sister runs in with a rusted top. *
2) 89) text: Look what I found. Fred sets the chess box on the table. The lettering-desig from the 1950's, The corners are slit. He lifts the top * revealing a clutter of very plain chessmen and a checkere board.
2) 90) dialog: Want to play a game?
2) 92) dialog: For fun. Josh condescends a glance into the box and fingers the pi like an antique dealer sifting through worthiess junk at thrift store.
2) 97) dialog: (hopelessly) Bonnie --
2) 100) dialog: Go easy on me, it’s been a while since I played. Josh smiles politely and advances a pawn. Fred brings out knight. Josh slides a bishop to the far edge of the board glances out the window. After studying the position for s Moments, Fred realizes he can take the bishop with his ot knight and does so throwing a look across the room to his Josh hardly seems to notice the loss of his man and makes successive move with a cavalier disregard for strategy. H father’s moves come after more deliberation, often result a capture.
2) 101) dialog: Checkmate. *
2) 107) dialog: This is checkmate again. I got you here. He points out to his son how, no matter where it might tr hide, his king can’t escape. Oh, yeah. (Fred shrugs, Sorry) Can we go to the dealership now?
2) 109) dialog: Yeah, sure, pee and get your coat. INT. KITCHEN - MOMENTS LATER ~ DAY 29. Putting on his own coat, Fred watches Bonnie washing the breakfast dishes, all but ignoring him. *
2) 110) dialog: Yeah, I know, I should’ve let him win one. I gave him every opportunity.
2) 112) dialog: Come on, Bonnie. BONNIE ‘ What, it doesn’t matter.
2) 113) dialog: No, say what you mean.
2) 115) dialog: One more, Josh.
2) 117) dialog: Your Mom wants us (to).
2) 119) dialog: She thinks you're throwing the game. Do you know what that means, throwing the game? (Josh doesn’t) Really try this time.
2) 121) dialog: I know. one more, just for fun. Josh checks with his mom with a glance.
4) 0) text: Josh's chair is empty. There are now eight captured black pieces to the one white pawn. Fred puzzles over his next move While his daughter clomps around. *
4) 1) dialog: Katya, do you mind? She stops making noise, but somehow it’s just as distract From the couch, where she sits reading the paper and enjo Fred’s discomfort - >»
4) 4) dialog: Your move, Josh. JOSH O0.S. I’‘m_in the bathtub.
4) 5) dialog: I/1l wait. (to Bonnie) Jesus, what the hell time is it? Late afternoon light streams in. * ? JOSH 0.S.
4) 6) dialog: Yeah? A35. INT. UPSTAIRS HALL - SAME TIME A35. Down the hall, beyond the door at the end of it, Josh’s h just above the rim of the tub, can be glimpsed.
4) 8) text: aaty Raviendd 06,725 702 a A35. CONTINUED: A35. A FRED 0.S. I moved a pawn, yeah.
4) 10) dialog: Your knight? JOSH O.S. Yeah.
4) 11) dialog: Okay. JOSH O.S. Di ou it?
4) 12) dialog: Yeah. JOSH O.S. Can_ we go out now?
4) 13) dialog: The _game’s not over, Josh. (CONTINUED)
4) 36) dialog: Excuse us. The woman considers the man and the boy with the bag of G Bears a long moment before stepping aside, allowing them passage. INT. MANHATTAN CHESS CLUB ~ CONTINUOUS ~ DAY 43. Yellowing photographs of unsmiling men look down from cro dusty picture frames. Cigarette smoke cloaks the deeper recesses of the club. Worn Victorian furniture sits on unpolished wooden floors. Fred surveys the shadowy room and its denizens hunched ov and-mahogany chess tables. Josh notices a Coke machine.
4) 58) dialog: (apologetic whisper) I’m looking for Bruce Pandolfini. Pandolfini gestures, Wait.
4) 60) text: Yeah, okay, I’11 be there ... I’m a to the thirty dollars .. yeah, I have it ... yeah, bye. He finished scribbling the address, hangs up and stares a phone, then blankly at Fred, still thinking about the cal Eventually his look says, What.
4) 61) dialog: I work for a newspaper. I was -
4) 63) text: Fieve 00 729 72 » PINK 27 CONTINUED: 43. The haggard chess club manager/janitor steps past Fred wh stares after him puzzled by the non-sequitur. He watches man moves around the room dumping ashtrays, then approach again.
4) 64) dialog: I was talking to the guy at my paper who writes the chess column. He told me I could find Bruce Pandolfini here. Are you him? Pandolfini neither confirms nor denies it, which Fred tak affirmation.
4) 65) dialog: I’m looking for a teacher for my son.
4) 67) dialog: He was sure you did.
4) 68) text: I don’t. Pandolfini dismisses Fred unceremoniously by carrying on his chores. Distracted, though, by incessant clock~bangin across the club, he glances over: Across the room, a few of the requlars have wandered over watch the game of blitz played furiously by the boy whose shoes don’t even reach the floor. As Fred comes past ~
4) 70) dialog: I don’t. He does. He taught himself.
4) 72) dialog: In Washington Square.
4) 73) text: Is that right. And you let him do that. Fred has had enough. Almost. As Pandolfini comes past wit the wastebasket of cigarette butts - (CONTINUED)
4) 77) dialog: He enjoys it. Pandolfini nods to himself, Yeah, sure, and heads for his "office." Across the club, Fred appears at the table Josh plays at.
4) 78) dialog: Come on, Josh, let’s go.
4) 80) dialog: He’s resigning the game to you. Let’s go. Josh gets up from the table and starts to leave, but then steps back and holds out the last of the Gummi Bears. The stares at them and the boy, struck by his kindness, and gratefully accepts them.
5) 0) text: Scores of players under a layer of smoke sit at cafeteria tables sighing, saying "shhh," moving a piece, pushing a clock, writing on a score sheet, but mainly just sitting plastic chairs staring and thinking. Fluorescent tubes, some of them out, dangle from the ceil The rugs on the floor are torn, the paint on the walls pe Broken windows let in the din of buses and trucks and ghe blasters cruising up Sixth Avenue but little air. PANDOLFINI 0.S. Glad you could make it. Coming around from behind Fred, he claps a hand on his sh startling him. He’s cheerful beyond explanation, a change
5) 1) text: How's it going? FRED . All right.
5) 2) text: Great. That’s great. So what do you think? Ever been to a tournament a before? * He gestures grandly to the dilapidated room and the table frowning men. Fred doesn’t know what to think; he feels l just having made it up here alive.
5) 3) dialog: No.
5) 4) text: Ah, well, you’re in luck then, this is one of the most prestigious. The talent gathered here’s the strongest in the country. Everybody’s here. :Fred nods uncertainly. (CONTINUED)
5) 12) text: Asa Hoffmann ... Close on a thin man about Fred’s age with black hair.
5) 17) text: Asa - Hoffmann responds, comes over beside Pandolfini, yet his remain fixed on his opponent at the table. He doesn’t eve notice Fred.
5) 24) text: (for Fred’s benefit) You used to play Fischer.
5) 32) dialog: Clearly you had me come here so I could see all this. But if you really wanted me to say no to letting my son play, you wouldn’t have bothered. You want me to think you want me to say no, but you actually want me to say yes.
5) 34) dialog: What do you want?
5) 35) text: What js chess, do you think? People who play for fun, or not at all, dismiss it asa game. The ones who devote their lives to it - for the most part - insist it’s a science. Fred doesn’t bother offering his opinion: he knows Pandol not really asking.
5) 37) dialog: (pause) you can tell that by watching him play some drunks in the -
5) 38) text: Yes. Fred's skepticism is challenged by Pandolfini’s resolute Silence. Then - (CONTINUED)
5) 40) text: You want to know what I want, I/ll tell you what I want. I want back what Bobby Fischer took with him when he disappeared. Fred glances around the dilapidated room, his eyes eventu g ated Y settling on the only other men in it -- two guys still hu over a chess board in the corner.
5) 41) text: Yeah, look at that, they’ve been at it two days straight, eating pizza and candy bars and they can’t stop even though it’s over. Don’t they have any place to go? I happen to know they both have families at home. Fred watches the mens’ eyes darting and blinking, looking new combinations and possibilities, even though there’s n longer anything tangible left at stake.
5) 42) text: You’re his father, it’s your decision. Fred’s glance shifts to a young woman in shorts tiptoe-in across the soggy putrid rug. She ineffectually lays newsp over the mess.
5) 45) dialog: This is Bruce. (CONTINUED)
5) 50) dialog: Yeah, okay, I guess I’11 just ... let you two ... I/11 be downstairs ... He shrugs and leaves. As Pandolfini moves around the boy’ bedroom taking an inventory of the kinds of things in it, considers him with a measure of suspicion. All over the f are old toys and other things he’s taken apart.
5) 51) text: (off-handedly) I love water basketball. INT, LIVING ROOM - MORNING 55. Fred comes past a beautiful Staunton chess set purchased expressly for the occasion of this first lesson, no doubt set up neatly in advance for the teacher. He notices a ki and a queen on the wrong squares, corrects the mistake, a crosses toward the - INT. KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS ~ MORNING 56. - where Katya "cooks" breakfast on a little stove. To Bon cooking on the real stove, as he comes in -
5) 52) dialog: They’re fine.
5) 54) dialog: They’re fine. Fast friends.
5) 56) dialog: Sure, honey. As she "cooks" it for him in a bright yellow skillet. Fre toys distractedly with a musical robot on the table. (CONTINUED)
5) 58) dialog: Supposedly he used to really be ... someone. Some kind of ... master level something or other.
5) 60) dialog: Thanks honey. He doesn’t play anymore. On the circuit or whatever you call it. The robot won’t stop. Fred knocks at it to shut it off. INT. JOSH’S ROOM ~ LATER - DAY 57. Tight on Josh and Pandolfini concentrating on an unseen b between them. Finally -
5) 61) text: Professor Plum, in the conservatory, with a rope. Josh checks the solution and somberly shakes his head, ‘n Pandolfini groans. Neither notices Fred passing by the do and glancing in briefly on his way down the hall. INT. MASTER BEDROOM - LATER - DAY 58. Fred stares blankly at the half-written sports column on computer screen, types a few words. From elsewhere in the house comes Pandolfini’s voice - PANDOLFINI 0.S. uestron? ou_have stron? TI lov that. Fred sighs and tries to write. INT. LIVING ROOM - LATER - DAY 59. The chess set, untouched. Nearby, pacing slowly, Fred gla from the ceiling to his watch and up again. He hears foot coming down the stairs, but it turns out to be Katya. INT. JOSH’S ROOM ~ LATER - DAY 60. Josh moves comfortably through the debris of his room, explaining to Pandolfini how certain things work, where h them, how he never throws anything out. He shows him a Ne ‘crossbow, slips its three arrows on his fingers like lon fingernails. 61. 62. 63. Parveed 00/20/02 PINK. 39 INT. KITCHEN - SAME TIME ~ DAY 61. Fred back at the kitchen table, sipping coffee and glanci through the Sports page. Bonnie buttons their daughter's they’re going out.
5) 70) dialog: (pause) Were you guys talking about chess up there? (CONTINUED)
5) 77) text: (trying to recall) No, it didn’t come up. Pandolfini shrugs; Fred stares at peeks into the room from the hall. him dumbly. Behind them, J
5) 78) text: So I’ll see you next Saturday. 40 63. osh Fred isn’t so sure. He can’t bring himself to nod in agre but does offer his hand. Pandolfini shakes it but doesn’t he stands there like a room service waiter waiting for a
5) 80) dialog: (to Pandolfini) Oh, yeah, sorry. He takes out his wallet, checks his watch and almost groa hands over two hundred and forty dollars.
5) 82) text: So what do you think, Josh, some Pac Man next week? Pac Man and pizza? JOSH O.S. Great. Pandolfini lets himself out. Giving Fred a look that says all, Bonnie turns and leaves to go upstairs. Alone in the room, staring at the untouched checkered board and facele chessmen, Fred shakes his head in
5) 83) dialog: (to himself) dismay. The chess hustling business is bad?
6) 18) dialog: Listen to this - Fred and Bonnie propped up on pillows in bed, neither pay attention to the game on the muted television. She’s read magazine. He’s reading from a library book called, "Bobby Fischer vs. the Rest of the World." (-c- Brad Darrach)
6) 19) dialog: (reading) "Bobby wears a buSiness suit about as naturally as a python wears a necktie. He stands six one, weighs close to * 190, and a padded jacket makes his shoulders seem so wide his head looks Like a pea sitting on a ruler, someone said. on the Tv, ten huge men in shorts with heads like peas si on rulers silently sprint downcourt.
6) 20) dialog: "He functions like Frankenstein’s creature, a man made of fragments connected by wires and animated by a monstrous Will. When the will collapses or the wires cross, Bobby cannot execute the simplest acts. Once, when I asked him a question while he was eating, his circuits got so befuddled that he jabbed his fork into his cheek." ‘Fred glances over to Bonnie amused, then back down at th ‘(but never to the TV). (CONTINUED)
6) 25) dialog: “But when he sits at the board, a big dangerous cat slips into his skin..." Moving slowly away, past the TV and the Knicks traipsing the court at the Garden, past the dresser and the laundry and retreating out the bedroom door ... FRED O.S. "His chest swells. His geeen eyes glow. All the life in his bedy flows and he looks wild and beautiful ... " Moving slowly down the darkened hallway and into Josh’s 6 room, past the nightlight and cars on the floor, pushing through the hanging sheet and into the "fort," closer and closer toward Josh, tucked in under his covers, asleep. FRED 0O.S. "Sprawled with lazy power, eyes half closed, he listens to the imaginary rustle of moving pieces as a tiger lies and listens to the murmur of moving reeds ... A muted rustle of leaves outside Josh’s window is eclipse roar of a crowd - EXT. BASEBALL DIAMOND ~ DAY 68. Josh, helmeted, warms up with a bat in the on-deck circle At the plate, one of his teammates smacks a grounder thro legs of a three and half foot third baseman and makes it way to second before the ball is relayed back to the infi The coach, Fred, hollers enthusiastic praise from the sid As Josh comes up to bat, Pandolfini steps across the rise the bleachers. In his jacket and scarf, carrying his brie he looks terribly out of place. Josh spots hin and waves. chess teacher waves back and takes a seat next to Bonnie Katya.
6) 31) dialog: You should try getting him to brush his teeth sometime.
6) 34) dialog: He’s learning some new words.
6) 35) text: I was wondering if you could keep him from playing there so much. Fred nods and is about to say, sure, when -
6) 40) text: Fine. I would though like to start seeing him twice a week. INT. KATYA’S/JOSH’S BEDROOMS ~ THAT NIGHT A70. Bonnie pulls back up the blanket her sleeping daughter ha kicked off, does the same thing for Josh, comes down the INT. MASTER BEDROOM ~ CONTINUOUS B70. - inte the room where Fred sits exhausted and goes into t bathroom to wash up for bed. As much to himself - (CONTINUED)
6) 43) dialog: Something’s got to give ... Between the baseball and the music and the chess and everything else ... something’s got to give.
6) 45) dialog: He’s seven. He’d say school.
6) 47) dialog: (more to himself) Well, something’s got to give. INT. JOSH’S ROOM - DAY c70. Small hands slam the lid of a case over a violin and snap latches shut - INT. CLOSET - DAY D70. The hands cram the violin case and a stack of sheet music onto a cluttered shelf. . INT. MASTER BEDROOM - DAY E70. As Fred throws a few items into a suitcase -
6) 50) dialog: : Hello? Bruce, where are you? + ee ad 71. 72. 73. Flavised 08/20/92 - POR 47 INT. JOSH'S ROOM ~ DAY 71. A suitcase. A few items of clothing in it and lots of toy Josh adds his mitt and ball, a frisbee, Legos and stuffed animals. His mother comes in with his toothbrush and Sesa Street toothpaste.
6) 56) dialog: What’re you talking about, we’re already packed, we’re like out the oor - PANDOLFINI V.0O. So unpack, what’s the big deal?
6) 57) dialog: It is a big deal. (catching himself) To him. INT. PANDOLFINI‘S APARTMENT - SAME TIME - DAY 73. A claustrophobic three-room apartment decorated mainly wi newspapers and dirty clothes. The man on the phone in the over his clothes is clearly a bachelor.
6) 58) text: I don’t know why I said okay in the first place. FRED V.0O. You didn’t. He wants to do this. (CONTINUED)
6) 62) text: I should’ve dissuaded him then. FRED V.O. Bruce -
6) 63) text: t/ve played in tournaments. I grew up playing in them, They have nothing to do with what’s important - INT. MASTER BEDROOM - INTERCUT 74. Phone to his ear, Fred checks his watch. PANDOLFINI V.O. - Winning and losing, that’s all they’re about.
6) 64) dialog: What’s wrong with that? PANDOLFINI V.0. It’s not chess, that’s what’s -
6) 65) dialog: Chess is art. . PANDOLFINI V.0. That’s right.
6) 66) dialog: No, chess is you appreciating the . beauty of Josh’s game at sixty bucks an hour -- Will you be ready to go in thirty minutes or not, that’s what I need to know. He shrugs to Bonnie who has appeared back from Josh’s roo PANDOLFINI V.0O. Let me talk to hin.
6) 67) dialog: Josh! INT. PANDOLFINI‘S APARTMENT - CONTINUED 75. There are trophies and chess mementos among the clutter i room, but they’re eld and neglected, no longer as signifi their owner aS they may have once been. Into the phone -
6) 68) text: , Josh, hey, how you doing? You excited? Listen, I’m not going to be able to make it, I’ve got some things I have to take care of. 76. 77. 78. 79. 80. Revived 07/06/02 - YELLOW 4g INT. MASTER BEDROOM - INTERCUT 76. Fred leaves the room with his suitcase past Bonnie. Josh to nod like he imagines an adult might if dealt such a bl almost manages to keep the hurt out of his voice.
7) 0) text: Unseen motors draw basketball hoops up and out of the way locking them flat against the rafters. A man on a ladder back gym rings. Others lug cafeteria tables across the hardwood floor and set them in place and take chessmen an clocks out of boxes. A woman lines up trophies of varying sizes on a platform. EXT/INT. SHERATON HOTEL - DAY 80. A cab deposits Fred and his son _in front of a hotel. The come in through the doors. As Fred approaches the registr desk, Josh gazes at the lobby like it’s the Taj Mahal.
7) 4) dialog: Hey, what do you know. EXT. HOTE! WIMMING POOL - DAY Bl. * Josh can’t get into the pool fast enough. He foists his t and thongs on his father and leaps into the water already teeming with exhilarated kids. Fred slowly circles the decking looking for an empty loun chair and friendly face. Passing other parents at patio t he overhears patches of their conversations blending into another. All are cool and all are lying:
7) 10) dialog: You here for the --
7) 12) dialog: Yeah.
7) 14) dialog: (thrown) I don’t know that he has one. This is our first tournament. The guy doesn’t waste any time walking away. He can’t be bothered with further conversation; Fred and his son are nobodies. In the pool, Josh swims over to a boy sitting timidly on steps. Fred notices one more empty chair, takes it but re the temptation to chat with the nervous~looking father on one next to it. Eventually, though --
7) 16) dialog: Over there by the steps. Fred points out his son in the pool talking to the other boy, and Kalev looks chagrined.
7) 19) dialog: Fifteen. Kalev stares at him. Long pause. Fifteen hundred? (CONTINUED)
7) 25) dialog: Yeah.
7) 29) dialog: A half .. two thirds.
9) 0) text: The kids glance among themselves, stunned that their pare have been forcibly removed from the room. It’s so qu et n So peaceful. They burst into applause. INT. LOCKER ROOM ~ LATER ~ DAY 86. Their mothers and fathers move listlessly around the room fish in an aquarium. Some are buried in chess books. Fred wanders over to the rating and pairing sheets someon tacked to the wall and considers them. Josh’s name is dow the bottom alongside some other unrated ‘nobodies.’ (CONTINUED)
9) 5) dialog: you're lucky you don’t get nervous at these things. Kalev forces a smile before returning to his vigil. Indee about the only parent who doesn’t seem nervous 15 Fred. The locker room gate slides open and every face turns to it expectantly.
10) 2) dialog: How'd it go?
11) 5) dialog: Yeah ... yeah, he said he played a strong game. He said it was a real tough win.
11) 7) dialog: Yeah.
11) 9) dialog: Sure. The guy wanders off. Fred watches after him, then glances Kalev with a shrug. INT. GYMNASIUM ~ LATER - DAY 88. The kids back at it, hunched over the chess boards while tournament officials (but not their parents) stroll aroun gym. INT. LOCKER ROOM - SAME TIME - DAY 99. The woman who feels like the mother of Jesus doesn’t righ she’s praying in a corner of the showers. The air around thick with tension. Fred glances at the pairing sheets on wall. Another guy steps up beside him.
11) 11) dialog: I can hardly wait.
11) 14) dialog: No, that’s all (right) - (CONTINUED)
11) 21) dialog: Excuse me, aren’t you Billy White? You used to play fullback for Notre -
11) 23) dialog: Josh, maybe we should go over some openings while we have the chance.
11) 31) dialog: No, he’s down too much material, he’s gonna lose. They pace some more. Morgan reappears at the gate with * another news flash -~ *
11) 33) dialog: He probably sacrificed it for position. He’s probably still got the advantage. The Tuna Fish Father agrees with an unconvincing nod and buries a satisfied smile. They pace around some more unti Morgan appears again. *
11) 39) dialog: I’m sorry, I didn’t realize you bought it, I thought they were (free) -
11) 41) dialog: Yeah -
11) 43) dialog: No, come on, it was my mistake. Watching after them, Fred is unaware that Josh is going u receive the first place trophy. (Appendix dialog). Also failing to realize they hate him too - because his son be theirs - Fred appeals to other parents standing around -
11) 44) dialog: I honestly didn’t know. I thought they were free -
12) 0) text: Countryside spreads out in front of a racing train. INT. TOURNAMENT ROOM ~ DAY (INSERT) 103. Moving across and down a long list of names on ratings sh arranged according to playing strength, and arriving even near the bottom, on "Josh Waitzkin" - INT. TOURNAMENT ROOM - DAY 104. Moving over a long line of chess boards, like the grid of before coming down close on a bishop as it’s moved by a h up to the horrified look on Josh’s opponent’s face - INT. WAITZKIN LIVING ROOM ~ NIGHT (CONTINUED) 105. The lone Syracuse trophy on the mantle now has a mate. Mo closer toward them - INT. MANHATTAN CHESS CLUB ~ DAY A105. Josh builds a tower with chessmen while Pandolfini sets u chess problem on the next board. 106. 107. A107. B107. c107. 108. 109. 110. 11li. Reviewed 07/08/02 YELLOW 62 INT. PRESS BOX - YANKEE STADIUM - DAY 106. Deep in right, a Yankees outfielder snatches a ball out o sky ending the game. Up here in the press box, Fred grabs coat, shoulders his laptop and hurries out the door - INT. PENN STATION - DAY 107. With Josh in one hand and suitcases in the other, Fred jo along a crowded platform and onto a train just before the shut -
13) 0) text: Bonnie and Katya put Fred and Josh into a cab outside the pbuilding. As it pulls away, Bonnie watches after it. *
14) 0) text: Alone in the room, Fred works at his laptop, checks his w gathers his things and gets up -
15) 0) text: Approaching the playing room with his shouldered laptop, takes a deep breath to prepare himself against the possib of defeat, and enters - & Scanning the room from the doorway, Fred tries to ignore handful of kids who are crying. He eventually finds Josh’ face in the crowd but it reveals little. Fred’s, on the o hand, is tortured, desperate for the news. Josh nods slightly and it’s all Fred can do to keep from shouting out loud with glee. OMITTED 110. OMITTED 112. Rowead 07/08/92 YELLOW 63 All1. EXT. WASHINGTON SQUARE - DAY Alll. vinnie admires Josh’s latest trophy, wraps an arm around glances over to Bonnie and back to Josh.
23) 0) text: Still moving toward mantle, four more trophies on it now. INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT F121. Fred and Kalev, asleep in chairs. Josh and Morgan, awake, silhouetted behind sheets of a bed-fort, trading baseball INT HOTEL LOBBY - DAY Gi2l. The pairing sheet goes up showing Josh's name on top.
23) 7) text: Revo 08/08 /82 66 123. INT. PS 41 CLASSROOM - NIGHT 123. Open House Night. Parents, looking like giants, moving pa undersized tables and chairs, appreciating their kids’ pa and projects and mobiles dangling from the ceiling. Fred into an incubator at newborn chicks.
23) 9) dialog: Oh, hi, how are you doing?
23) 11) dialog: Me, too. (the room) This is really great.
23) 14) dialog: Yeah, it was great.
23) 16) dialog: (with a laugh) Yeah, well, he was pretty impressed with it. Bonnie appears with cups of punch, hands one to Fred and exchanges hellos with the teacher. To Fred ~
23) 20) dialog: I think it’s good. I think it’s important for a kid to travel, it's a great education. They realize there’s more to the world than Washington Square.
23) 23) dialog: And you’re wondering why that is. (pause) It’s because I’m a rotten father, you’re right. I drag him all over the country for my own selfish reasons.
23) 30) dialog: Well, is there or isn’t there? Bonnie tells Fred to knock it off with a look.
23) 32) dialog: Chess "thing?"
23) 34) dialog: Chess "thing?"
23) 36) dialog: chess thing.
23) 38) dialog: Pinochle.
23) 40) dialog: Pinochle.
23) 42) dialog: Bonnie, she’s comparing chess to pinochle - what am I supposed to say to that?
23) 47) dialog: Vinnie? Vinnie? Vinnie’s a drug addict, I’m supposed to listen to his opinion now? Several parents and kids, including Josh, are watching no
23) 48) dialog: (to the teacher) I’m sorry, but that analogy is a very bad one, If you want to compare it to something, compare it to something that makes sense. Compare it to math, or music, or art, because otherwise you belittle it, and hin, and me.
23) 50) dialog: But you are. You are. Even in the way you’re looking at me -
23) 52) dialog: You want to know how good he is? I’ll tell you how good he is. He’s better at this than I’ve ever been at anything in my life. He’s better at this than you’1] ever be at anything. Kids are watching in amazement; they never imagined anyon speak to a teacher like this. FRED ‘ My son has a gift. He has a gift. Once you acknowledge that, then -- maybe -- we'll have something to talk about. He gestures to Josh across the room to come, they’re leav He escorts him toward the door but then turns back for on remark to the teacher ~
23) 53) dialog: Chess is what it’s called. Not "chess thing." Chess. And he and his boy are gone ~ leaving Bonnie in the middl the room with everyone looking at her. She tries to get o with a shred of dignity intact. OMITTED 124.
23) 60) dialog: It doesn’t have a number, it’s a private school. Only the public schools have numbers. It’s called Dalton. Fred tries to read his son’s initial reaction to the idea changing schools mid-term. It’s hard to tell; he just kee unscrewing things, taking batteries out.
23) 61) dialog: You can still see your friends whenever you want. After school and on weekends ... when there’s not a tournament. Josh nods mechanically, keeps working. Fred searches for elusive positive inducements and finally comes up with on
23) 62) dialog: Your friend Morgan goes there.
23) 64) dialog: He wouldn’t ge there if it wasn’t great, right? It’s the best. They’ve even got a chess class.
23) 66) dialog: (thrown) The yard?
23) 74) dialog: (pause) I’m sure it does, I haven’t seen it. I’m sure it’s great. (pause) So what do you think?
24) 0) text: Fred comes into the kitchen and stares into the fridge. Bonnie’s at the table, depressed, even more uncertain tha husband that this isn’t a huge misstep.
24) 1) dialog: She’1l take out her disgust with me on him, we can’t send him back there. He finds something to eat in a plastic container and pick with a fork while standing up. He shrugs.
24) 2) dialog: It’s a great school.
27) 0) text: Fred reads aloud from Mary Shelley’s Frankenstein -
27) 1) dialog: ... and when he knew that the cottage was entirely destroyed, the monster screamed once more in agony and hatred and retreated backward te seek refuge in the woods ..." (pause) Then it gets really scary, because (CONTINUED)
27) 3) text: ob ee Oe 129. Reevewed 00/20/62 + PINK, 76 CONTINUED: 129. FRED (cont.) they chase him and ~ there’s torches and - but we’ll do that tomorrow night. Okay? He leans into Josh’s fort and kisses him on the forehead.
27) 4) dialog: Night, Tiger.
27) 7) dialog: Yeah?
27) 9) dialog: All right, everybody out. You heard me, get out of there. Yeah, you, too. Don’t look at me like that. And take your friend with you. {he closes the closet door) All right, they’re gone. And heads out again.
27) 12) dialog: What are you talking about, of course we're going. That’s what we’ve been working so hard for. (CONTINUED)
27) 18) dialog: You won’t lose, Josh.
27) 20) dialog: You won’t.
27) 22) dialog: No. * Fred crosses back to the bed, sits on the edge of it. *
27) 23) dialog: They're afraid. They’re terrified * of you. * Silence. Josh isn’t so convinced of that anymore. He watc the spinning dinosaurs in the lamp. *
27) 24) dialog: Get some sleep. He tries to leave again, but Josh’s words, more to himsel stop him - :
27) 33) text: Fedeed 08/10/82» BUFF 78 132. CONTINUED: 132. JOSH’S VOICE People say they’ve received letters from him over the years, but never show them. They say he’s in Mexico talking to promoters. Or in Buenos Aires playing secret speed games against Spassky. 133. THE SOUNDS OF THE CROWD carry over a photograph of t store under the apartment building where his sister bough his first chess board. JOSH’S VOICE Some people say he lost his nerve and will never play again. Some people say he’s dead. 134. Tight on the original photograph of Bobby Fischer br over the pieces, his head supported by his large hand. JOSH’S VOICE I think he’s laying low and getting stronger, waiting for just the right moment to come back and reclaim his crown. 135. INT. HOTEL BANQUET ROOM - DAY 135. Bright lights of a minicam shine in Fred’s eyes. He’s the with a local reporter holding a microphone. Behind them h banner touting this as the NEW YORK STATE ELEMENTARY FINA
27) 35) dialog: Well, in my case, the hardest part is keeping track of my son’s toy cars. That and making sure he eats something other than French fries on occasion. Two hundred kids roam the large banquet room hunting for spots at the playing tables. Josh finds his at the Number board, elevated slightly above the others on risers. His opponent is already there, chewing his nails.
27) 40) dialog: He’s the number-one seeded player in his division, yes.
27) 43) dialog: I should try that. No, the competition is always fierce no matter how good you are. One lapse of concentration and it’s over. And when you lose a game here, you lose the championship.
27) 45) dialog: Honestly? No, I don’t. Josh is in great shape. he isn’t. He's just noticed his nemesis stepping into the room under the tutelage of his mentor, both wearing b expressions of disdain. They cross to the sign~u) the man scribbles down the boy’s name (he’s prob table where ly unable to Taking his more lowly seat there, the boy stares right at Josh up on the platform. Josh looks away. 136. 137. Flevesess 08/10/92 » BURP 80
28) 0) text: At the courtesy table, Fred and Kalev watch some other pa across the room blithely exchanging summer vacation plans they wait for the opening of the banquet room doors.
28) 2) dialog: That was quick. The boy’s parents spot their son and go to comfort him. H seems in shock.
28) 4) dialog: No ... it’s impossible. His attention shifts back fast to the doors as Josh emerg The expression on his face confirms his father’s worst fe He’s lost the first round, and therefore the championship -- to a patzer. EXT. HOTEL GROUNDS - DAY 137. Fred and Josh alone in a courtyard in drizzling rain. ® Everything about the boy -- his posture, the look on his face -- declares that some of his life has just been take him. And everything about Fred -- his head trying to shak away disbelief, the uncharacteristic distance he keeps fr son as he paces -- confirms that a piece of his life has taken as well.
28) 5) dialog: Seven moves ... seven moves ... how is it possible to lose in seven moves ...
28) 9) dialog: You know that’s not true. That’s not why this happened. I don’t understand why this happened. Why did this happen? Josh manages a weak shrug.
28) 10) dialog: Well, think. Take your time. Take more time than you took losing to that patzer and figure it out. 81 137. Josh doesn’t have an answer for him no matter how much ti takes.
28) 11) dialog: Did you fall for a trap? Did you bring your queen out early even though Bruce has warned you time and again about that?
28) 13) dialog: Don’t tell me that kid’s better than you because he isn’t. Josh shakes his head in despair. He doesn’t know what hap he lost, he didn’t win. And he feels like what he is, a l and fears his father doesn’t love him as much as he used
28) 15) dialog: I’m not. He is and he knows it, but seems powerless to do anything it. He stares at the small pathetic figure standing stoop shouldered before him and finally gestures him closer. leans his head against the rough fabric of his father’s s coat.
28) 17) dialog: It’s okay ... it’s all right ... it’s okay ... . Maybe if he keeps saying it, it’ll make it so. 138. 139. 140. A140. 141. Revised 08/10/02 - BUFF 82 INT. BANQUET ROOM ~ NEXT DAY 138. The tournament's director hands Josh a second place troph jeads the gathered adults in desultory applause. Returnin it to his designated place on the platform beside the vic the State Finals, Josh hazards a glance his way only to r back a derisive smirk.
28) 20) text: Fevesed 08 (20/02 » PINK 83 141. CONTINUED: 141. They speak but can’t be heard from up by the car. The guy watches after Fred as he heads back to the cab, then haul bag onto the field. Fred glances back, reconsidering perh then climbs back into the cab and is driven away. PANDOLFINI V.O. For all his natural abilities, Bobby * Fischer studied harder than any player * who ever lived. * Al41. OMITTED (NOW SC. Al42) Al141.¥* 142. INT. MANHATTAN CHESS CLUB ~ DAY 142. The club appears empty. But then, in a corner, two figure can be discerned. *
28) 64) text: One, two, three, four, five, six, seven - One, two, three, four, five, six, seven ~ One, two, three, four, five, six, seven ~- Josh stares at the board as if for the first time, as if never played the game before, as if he knows nothing abou game. From behind comes a tinkling of musical notes; his little sister has just wandered in through the swinging k door with a push toy. She’s gathered up from behind by Fr shrugs an apology before whisking her out of the room ~ 149. INT. KITCHEN ~ CONTINUOUS ~ EARLY MORNING 149. ~ and into the kitchen. He deposits her at the table and places a toy in front of her, But it makes music, too. He substitutes it with a stuffed animal and steps away to sh off a whistling kettle on the stove. Bonnie hands back to daughter the musical toy. 150. OMITTED 150. 151. EXT/INT. HOLIDAY INN - DAY idl. From high above, kids splash around in the hotel pool. Pu back, a balcony is revealed, then the inside of a hotel r Josh at the desk studying an endgame position on a pocket set. Fred moves past and shuts the sliding glass door, silencing the distracting laughter of the children below. There’s no "fort" in this roon.
29) 0) text: The director leads the applause for the winner of the tournament: the Black Knight from California, Jonathan Po Before it dies down, Josh and Fred, trophy-less, are alre the door. Al52. INT. LIVING ROOM - MORNING A152. A chess problem on the board involving eight pieces.
29) 31) text: Queen g6, queen takes queen, knight e7 check, King h8 - will somebody shut that guy up - knight takes queen check, king back - Fred appears in the kitchen doorway, phone to his ear.
29) 32) dialog: I’m calling him now.
32) 0) text: The bass of the music wafts up from downstairs. As Fred traipses down the stairs, Josh and Pandolfini are reveale separated by two armies, black and white, facing one anot across the checkered field.
33) 0) text: Fred pounds harder. No one answers. He screams at the doo
33) 1) dialog: Shut_up_in there! 160.
34) 22) dialog: What’s happening here? She leads Josh away upstairs, leaving Fred alone in the * dining room staring blankly at the chessmen. EXT. FORTY-FIRST AND SEVENTH - NIGHT 162. Under the neon glare of XxX-rated movie marquees, failed masters on folding chairs hustle patzers for nickels and Pandolfini is among them, angrily slamming the pieces dow FRED V.O. I know you don’t want to admit it, but he’s right ~ INT. WAITZKIN MASTER BEDROOM ~ NIGHT 163. Fred paces back and forth past his wife -
34) 23) dialog: You wouldn’t sign your kid up for * little league and then not get him a glove. You equip him -
34) 25) dialog: Bonnie ~ Peeve 06/20/82 - PANK 93a 164. INT. JOSH’S ROOM - SAME TIME - NIGHT 164, His parents’ voices filter in from the other room, but Jo can’t hear them. He tosses in his sleep. His stiff, seldo used baseball mitt sits on a night stand.
34) 26) dialog: He’s just in a slump. This is a slump, it happens.
35) 0) text: Tight on the pieces as Pandolfini slams them down, humili an opponent, taking his money, and angrily setting the pi back up again. FRED V.0O. You get into a slump, you get out of it eventually - 166. INT. MASTER BEDROOM ~ CONTINUED - NIGHT 166.
35) 1) dialog: What you don’t do is give up.
35) 3) dialog: It’s like anything. When you/re afraid to lose, you lose. When you lose, you get more afraid, he’s afraid.
35) 6) dialog: (right back) em. Him anyway. She can’t believe he admitted it. He can’t believe it. But he did. She stares at him, apoplectic. Th (CONTINUED)
36) 6) dialog: I don’t want anything from hin. (pause) I just want him to call my son. Lina stares blankly. Countless promoters and reporters an have sought her out to get te Bobby over the years, but t hasn’t heard before and it catches her off-guard.
36) 10) dialog: I don’t know. He really doesn’t know. He's not at all sure why he flew three thousand miles in the first place. He's in crisis; all he knows.
36) 11) dialog: He’s an inspiration to the most talented young players in the world. They study while their friends are out playing because they want to be like him. He's God to them. Nothing from her ... until a slow nod.
36) 13) dialog: I can’t. She considers him not without sympathy; it’s mixed though the belief that he’s better off not knowing.
36) 14) dialog: If you have any idea where he is, please tell me. Long silence. EXT. DOWNTOWN L.A. - DAY 171. Skid Row. Fred moving uneasily past porno shops and board windows. _LINA V.0. For the last fifteen years, Bobby’s wandered the streets of downtown L.A. hiding out under assumed names. Moving past drunks and junkies huddled in doorways, Fred searches their faces. LINA V.0O. Sometimes he has a red beard. Sometimes he’s clean-shaven. His hair’s receded and he favors one side of his mouth. 172. 173. 174. Prevtoacd 06/01/02 96 INT. SKID ROW HOTEL - DAY 172. Fred approaches the registration desk, which is more like cage, and shows the clerk the picture of Fischer with his in his hands. LINA V.0O. He had the fillings in his teeth removed because he heard about a in World War II with a metal plate in his head who was always picking up vibrations. EXT. MCARTHUR PARK - DAY 173. Against a backdrop of Mexican bars and restaurants and cl with big signs promising the end to your physical woes, F stands amidst a group of local chess hustlers.
36) 22) dialog: What happened to him?
36) 24) dialog: I mean, what happened to him? LINA . Nothing. This is what he likes to do. He’s not interested in anything else and never has been.
37) 0) text: A clerk leafing through registration cards. Fred waiting, expecting nothing. The clerk steps away from his desk. As he comes over, Fred turns to leave - ee
37) 1) dialog: Thanks. e
38) 0) text: Fred moves past doors lining either side of a long grim h looking for Room 29, passing lower numbers, glimpsing res beyond the few doors that are ajar. LINA V.O. He grew up studying chess alone in his room, and still is. So what if there’s roaches in the sink, or the window, if there is one, looks out on an alley? What’s that got to do with genius? Or happiness? He reaches an intersecting hallway that seems to lead onl an exit, turns back, finds himself lost in the maze of ha The numbers don’t seem to correspond to any logic. He com down.a darker hall leading to another. At the end of that stands a black door. He approaches it slowly. Room 29. LINA V.0O. At a press conference once, Spassky said, "Chess is like life," and turned to Bobby expecting him to agree. But Bobby disagreed. "Chess isn’t like life," he said. "Chess is life." He can hear sounds from within Room 29. In fact, it’s all can hear. He stares at the door, at the number. He glance to another sound, from another room, hears all the sounds residents, the TV's, the radios, the yelling, and wonders the hell he’s doing here. He turns and leaves. INT. WAITZKIN APARTMENT - LATE AFTERNOON 178. The lock turns on the door to the apartment. Fred steps i with his bag, exhausted and depressed from his trip to California. His daughter comes to him for a hug. His wife oesn .
38) 1) dialog: Where’s Josh, in his room? I need to talk to him.
38) 3) dialog: What’s the matter? (she doesn’t answer) What.
38) 5) dialog: Josh? JOSH O.S. Shhh. Fred parts the sheet hanging from the bunk. Josh is insid with an empty chessboard, studying the squares, noting mo on a score sheet, staring back down again.
38) 6) dialog: How you doing?
38) 8) dialog: Look at me, Josh. Josh glances up, but his eyes reveal little expression. T seem dead.
38) 9) dialog: You don’t have to do this anymore. You can give it up and it’s all right with me. In fact, I want you to give it up.
38) 11) dialog: What do you mean, you just do it.
38) 13) dialog: No, that’s what I’m saying, you don’t.
38) 15) dialog: I’m telling you now you don’t. (CONTINUED)
38) 20) dialog: I did.
38) 22) dialog: He’s got nothing to say to Josh or anyone else. He stares out at the Arch de Triumph of Washington Square small in the distance, lit up against the night. 181. Previa 08/29/02 PNR 101 INT. WAITZKIN APARTMENT - MORNING 181. Josh wakes to a muffled sound outside his room, a kind of clinking of metal. He crawls out of bed and pads down the stairs to find his father in the living room putting the trophies lining the mantle into a cardboard box.
38) 23) dialog: Good morning. Josh watches his father finish loading the box, carry it him up the stairs. Sleepy but curious, he follows, comes his doorway and looks in at his dad clearing a place ona book shelf and lining the trophies up. Once they’re all there, Fred glances over.
38) 24) dialog: These belong to you, Revraed 06 01.82 102 182. (NOW SC. A184) 182. 183. EXT. WASHINGTON SQUARE - DAY 183. Fred leads his son into the park through the portal of th de Triumph. The regulars at the chess tables see him comi suspend their games. Josh glances down the lines of tables for some sign of Vi but he isn’t at his usual place. VINNIE 0O.S. Hey, fish. Josh turns and sees Vinnie emmerging from the trees, havi urinated there. He looks like hell but there’s a faint sm on his face.
39) 0) text: Fred has handed over the reins of Josh’s chess education hustlers in the park. Gathered around a table, they and F watch him play blitz against Vinnie.
39) 16) dialog: In a minute - we’re just looking around first.
39) 21) text: Josh moves and hits the clock, anticipates Vinnie’s next and moves again before Vinnie’s piece is down. 188. 189. Frere 08:01 /82 105 EXT. EMPTY SCHOOLYARD - DAY 188. Training wheels and a wrench on the asphalt. Fred running alongside Josh’s bike, hand on the back of the seat, stea it as Josh pedals and steers.
39) 23) dialog: Keep pedaling.
39) 25) dialog: Did I? The two-wheeler_pulls away from Fred’s grasp.
39) 27) dialog: Don’t look back.
40) 9) dialog: Hello, Bruce.
40) 11) dialog: All right. Fred gestures to a chair, but Pandolfini remains standing
40) 13) dialog: He’s good.
40) 15) dialog: Yeah. They nod at each other. Pandolfini shifts around a little uncomfortably. (CONTINUED)
40) 18) dialog: Yeah, we've been hanging out there a lot.
40) 20) dialog: Yeah, I do. He‘’s playing better than ever.
40) 21) text: How would you know that? Of course, Fred can’t know it. There’s no way he can foll intricacies of Josh’s game.
40) 22) dialog: You/’re right, I don’t know. What I know is that he likes playing again for the first time in a long time. Pandolfini’s shrug wholly discounts the importance of the remark. Eventually -
40) 23) text: I know you think what you're doing is the best thing for hin. But I got to tell you I think you're setting him u for the biggest disappointment” of his life. Silence. Fred shrugs to say, Well, that may be, but there nothing else I can do.
40) 25) dialog: I’m doing the only thing I know how to do for Josh. TI don’t know what else to do.
40) 27) text: Don’t let him go down there to lose, that’s what you can do for him. You’re his father, forbid it. Fred thinks about it, has thought about it, thinks of not (CONTINUED)
40) 31) dialog: I can’t do that.
40) 32) text: Fred, he’s going to get killed and there’s not going to be much left of hin.
40) 33) dialog: There wasn’t before.
40) 34) text: No. No, this is different. You have no idea what a fall like this can do to you. Fred considers the disheveled chess teacher standing befo for a long moment.
40) 35) dialog: I think I do. Long silence.
40) 36) dialog: You know what? You should come down with us. I know it’d mean a lot to him to have you there. Pandolfini glances away, then back finally, and offers th shake of the head.
40) 37) text: That I can’t do. Fred’s shrug says, Well, then that’s that. Pandolfini wai around a moment more for a sign that Fred might reconside he’s said, but when it doesn’t come, he turns and leaves. Fred watches him disappear.
41) 0) text: The Chicago skyline juts up into a haze of smog. INT. HOTEL BANQUET ROOM - DAY 192. Descending from a great height, two hundred identical che boards in a deserted room are eventually obscured by the of a single king. 193. 194. 195. Rerrped 08,0102 109 EXT. HOTEL, CHICAGO = DAY 193. A large banner draped across the entrance of a hotel ripp in the breeze - NATIONAL SCHOLASTIC CHESS CHAMPIONSHIP. A pulls up and delivers Fred, Bonnie, Josh, Katya and, stra out last, Vinnie. INT. HOTEL LOBBY - DAY 194. A clerk calls out room numbers to a bellboy as she hands and Vinnie keys and an uneasy smile.
41) 8) text: Fevieed 09/01/22 - WHITE 110 195. CONTINUED: 195. out. Fred tips the guy and glances over to Vinnie, wonder perhaps if he’s thinking about stealing something.
41) 16) dialog: This girl you’re playing is ranked 82nd. Get through it quick so you * can rest before the next round. 1/11 see you in a little while. *
41) 18) dialog: Josh ... Good luck. * Fred watches with dread as his son disappears into the pl room, then joins Bonnie, Katya and Vinnie on a bench.
41) 19) dialog: He’s all alone. INT. BANQUET ROOM - DAY 198. Josh takes a seat opposite a girl his age and waits for t tournament director’s signal to begin. As the room quiets he waves to Morgan at a nearby table, then glances up to platform and the number-one board and Poe. Silence ...
41) 22) dialog: Thank you.
41) 24) dialog: Is that right? 82nd? I’m sure she’s very good anyway. (CONTINUED)
41) 27) dialog: I guess that’s true. He excuses himself to escape from the woman - or himself. 200. INT. BANQUET ROOM ~- DAY 200. Half the games, including Poe’s, have ended, the players from the room. Josh is still here, though, across from th girl with the nice mother and the lousy rating, concentra hard on each move. Not one of their pieces has yet been exchanged. 201. INT. LOBBY ~ DAY 201. Several of the kids who’ve finished hang out with their p in the lobby and coffee shop. Pacing nervously, checking watch, Fred grows more anxious by the second. Kalev and M come through.
41) 35) dialog: What are you looking at? INT. BANQUET ROOM - DAY 206. Weary and battle-scarred, Josh finally corners his oppone king. Like little adults, they exchange score cards, sign shake hands and get up from the table. INT. LOBBY ~ DAY 207. They emerge from the playing room, Josh and the girl, as other kids file in for the next round. His family meets h the hall and Josh almest collapses on a chair. *
41) 36) dialog: You okay? *
41) 45) dialog: It’s my fault.
46) 4) dialog: What.
47) 1) dialog: What was a mistake? Who made a mistake?
53) 2) dialog: He's got it? How do you know he’s got it?
54) 10) dialog: I know. And he’s proud of him for it. Josh's glance finds Pandolf standing off to the side; he knows too and is just as pro Josh sees something else and steps down - It’s Morgan, holding back tears at having lest his own la game, and his father trying to get him to replay the fina of the tournament. Josh puts his arm around the smaller b shoulder and guides him across the crowded hall to the do EXT. HOTEL GROUNDS - DAY 259. From the windows, Fred watches as Josh guides his distrau friend across the deserted courtyard. Bonnie comes over b her husband and watches the two small figures moving unde trees. Close on the boys: