7) 15) dialog: Which one’s yours?
7) 17) dialog: That one’s mine. Looks like they’re friends already. Which means he has to deal with Fred now; which is unfort
7) 18) dialog: (eventually) What's his rating? Fred considers telling him the truth, that he doesn’t kno then decides to make something up -
7) 26) dialog: How old is he?
7) 28) dialog: Seven. (pause) And what?
7) 30) dialog: Seven and two-thirds ... Fifteen hundred ... (Fred nods) Well, I doubt. they’1l be playing each other, Morgan’s not even rated a thousand. (pause) Fifteen hundred ... And on the other side of the pool, a woman at a patio table is trying to explain something to another parent:
23) 0) text: Still moving toward mantle, four more trophies on it now. INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT F121. Fred and Kalev, asleep in chairs. Josh and Morgan, awake, silhouetted behind sheets of a bed-fort, trading baseball INT HOTEL LOBBY - DAY Gi2l. The pairing sheet goes up showing Josh's name on top.
28) 0) text: At the courtesy table, Fred and Kalev watch some other pa across the room blithely exchanging summer vacation plans they wait for the opening of the banquet room doors.
28) 1) dialog: They can afford to laugh easily, their kids don’t have a chance and they know t. Kalev lights the wrong end of a cigarette and the flame c halfway up the filter before he can extinguish it into hi drink. Down the long hall, the doors open and out comes J first opponent blank-faced. :
28) 3) dialog: I hate this part. They watch as the boy’s parents offer him sympathetic hug as his head angles toward Fred and Kalev, they see the bi delayed-reaction smile of victory on his face. His mother shrieks with glee and Fred stares at her bewildered.
41) 7) dialog: Fishing? Fred shrugs, not at all sure it was a wise move taking Jo fishing before the biggest tournament of his life. INT. HOTEL ROOM - DAY 195. The bellboy opens connecting doors to adjeining rooms. Ka as excited as Josh used to be, running around checking th (CONTINUED)
41) 28) dialog: Josh isn’t still in there? (Fred nods gravely; long pause) Fishing. Fred shakes his head in dismay, afraid Pandolfini was rig that he’s set his son up for the fall of his life. 202. INT. BANQUET ROOM ~ DAY 202. Officials locking as somber and ceremonial as palace guar move slowly past the handful of games still in progress. Josh’s hand slides a bishop timidly across the board, hesitates, withdraws it. Desperation shows in his eyes. 203. INT. LOBBY ~ DAY 203. Monitors display the empty chairs at the number-one board Outside, kids play in the sun. (CONTINUED)