27) 33) text: Fedeed 08/10/82» BUFF 78 132. CONTINUED: 132. JOSH’S VOICE People say they’ve received letters from him over the years, but never show them. They say he’s in Mexico talking to promoters. Or in Buenos Aires playing secret speed games against Spassky. 133. THE SOUNDS OF THE CROWD carry over a photograph of t store under the apartment building where his sister bough his first chess board. JOSH’S VOICE Some people say he lost his nerve and will never play again. Some people say he’s dead. 134. Tight on the original photograph of Bobby Fischer br over the pieces, his head supported by his large hand. JOSH’S VOICE I think he’s laying low and getting stronger, waiting for just the right moment to come back and reclaim his crown. 135. INT. HOTEL BANQUET ROOM - DAY 135. Bright lights of a minicam shine in Fred’s eyes. He’s the with a local reporter holding a microphone. Behind them h banner touting this as the NEW YORK STATE ELEMENTARY FINA
27) 34) dialog: I’m standing here with Fred Waitzkin. I hope I pronounced that right. Tell me, Fred, what’s it like being a chess parent?
27) 39) dialog: Your son’s the odds-on favorite, I understand.
27) 41) dialog: So every other parent in this room hates you. Fred laughs, but he could laugh harder if the comment wer true. He glimpses the Tuna Fish Father staring daggers at nearby. Josh doesn’t appear at all sanguine, scanning the large r from his elevated perch, waiting with a sense of dread fo appearance of the ringer from California. Actually, do it himself) and are motioned to a board.
27) 42) dialog: So while the other Moms and Dads are pacing around wringing their hands, I imagine you'll be off somewhere with a cup of coffee and the Sunday Times.
27) 44) dialog: You don’t really think that’s going to happen, though.
41) 10) dialog: The 400 young players finding their seats behind me represent some of the strongest chess minds of any age in the country. Traveling from as far away as Alaska and Hawaii, they’ve come here to compete against each other over the course of the next two long grueling days. To become the National Champion, one must win all seven games, I understand.
41) 12) dialog: This is Donovan Clennan, director of the National Scholastic Championship. Tell me, is the next Bobby Fischer somewhere in this room? The director tries to laugh good-naturedly at this, the l and most often asked question. 197. INT. LOBBY ~ SAME TIME ~- DAY 197. Closed-circuit moniters feature the number-one board and empty chairs. * Here in the lobby, parents banished from the playing room around waiting with equal dread for the beginning of the round. (CONTINUED)