2) 13) dialog: Go sit on a bench, man, I got a fish. The junkie doesn’t move - until Vinnie kicks at him under table. He gets up and stumbles away finally, and the youn approaches. Clearly out of his element, whatever that mig he offers the black man in a soft voice --
2) 15) dialog: Yeah, sure, why not. As the young man takes a seat, Vinnie sets the hands of h beat-up chess clock and places it back on the marble top.
2) 16) dialog: Two minutes. The young man nods. The game begins. The chessmen flow in lines of attack, paced by the nerve-racking snap of the c and Vinnie plays to the crowd that’s moving closer to wat
2) 17) dialog: You should get out more, you look like a vampire. Is that what you are, a vampire? You look like a vampire. The cerebral game of chess, aS Vinnie plays it, more rese pinball. His pieces challenge the other man’s, joust, amb plunge off the rim of the table to the ground.
2) 18) dialog: You know how to kill a vampire? You got to put a stake in his heart. You qt to put a stake in his heart, drive t in, bam. You gotta drive it in, you gotta kill him before he kills you, bam. You gotta make sure he’s dead, you gotta kil] him, bam. Someone in the crowd whispers the name Shirazi, "that’s K Shirazi" and Vinnie glances over to Zilber while he plays bearded man neds almost imperceptibly, and Vinnie sneers pale young man across from hin. (CONTINUED)
2) 20) dialog: Is that right, you’re Shirazi? You come to hustle me, huh, Grandmaster? You come to hustle a hustler? You come to hustle me?
2) 22) dialog: I'm talking to you.
2) 24) dialog: You’re nothing but a fish, Grandmaster. You’re nothing, you’re a dog. You’re the dog of the world. You’re a patzer, Shirazi.
2) 26) dialog: You got nothing. Oh, you want to trade queens? Fine, bam, done. *
2) 28) dialog: What do you think? You think you're gonna come into my office and take my money, is that what you think? Huh? ‘ Look at me when I talk to you, is that what you think? Is that what you think? Huh? Look at me. Is that what you think? Huh? *
2) 29) text: Shirazi fights not to look at him even as the flag on his falls. Vinnie smiles; the young man has lost the game on 16. INT. JOSH’S ROOM - NIGHT 16. Down on the floor, Josh peers through the arched doorway Playmobil castle. In the "courtyard" stands a tableau of (CONTINUED)
2) 46) text: Revco 08/01 2 13 CONTINUED: 19. more than intrigued by the image of the young boy and the Russian, others wander over to watch. Zilber topples Josh’s pawn with a bishop. Josh forays thr the "forest" with his queen. Bonnie, amazed that Josh kno to correctly move the pieces, stares at her son like he m belong to somebody else. Zilber captures a knight. Josh gangs up on a rook with hi queen and a bishop. Zilber slips away, but not before eye briefly and suspiciously, this small boy sitting across f him. At the next table, Vinnie smiles to himself. Josh tries to protect his king as Zilber advances with hi queen. He takes a “poisoned” pawn and the Russian goes in the kill with an army of men.
2) 50) dialog: What's his name? Bonnie notices the fearsome black drug addict at the next and doesn’t answer.
2) 52) dialog: Josh what?
2) 59) dialog: Josh Waitzkin. Vinnie jots the name down in the margin of his newspaper. Bonnie almost groans out loud.
2) 60) dialog: ‘I’m gonna watch for you, Josh Waitzkin. Someday I’m gonna tell these patzers I saw you play here in the park like Bobby Fischer used to, and show them this. He stabs a finger at the newspaper. To Bonnie:
2) 61) dialog: Your boy used pieces in combination to attack. She has no idea why that’s significant, of course, but no e anyway, and leads r kids out of the park before Josh can these derelicts his address. OMITTED 20. INT. YANKEE STADIUM CORRIDOR - NIGHT 21. Bonnie, Katya and Josh (with a backpack) hurry along a co The roar of the unseen stadium crowd reverberates off the INT. PRESS BOX - NIGHT +22. Print journalists work, and eat, along the long arcing pr desk that looks out over the field. Fred turns away from laptop computer in front of him to hug his son and daughter who’ve just come in with their mother. (CONTINUED)
4) 82) dialog: Ooh, don’t split your pawns like that ~« people’ll think you’re a patzer splitting pawns. (CONTINUED)
4) 87) dialog: That’s a passive move, Josh, and you're going to pay for it. Right now - boom = (he takes a pawn) Don’t let me catch you doing that again. Never play defensive. Always attack. Even when you retreat, attack. Josh mounts a brave attack behind enemy lines. Vinnie par Josh keeps coming at him and the pieces fly.
4) 88) dialog: That’s good, that’s better, I’m in trouble. Fred notices the chess club manager and smiles to himself guy couldn’t stay away, he had to see it with his own eye Tight on Pandolfini watching. INT. JOSH’S ROOM - NIGHT 45. Josh and his little sister inside the "fort," a flashligh her hand illuminating a chess board. Josh is explaining, whisper, how the game works.
15) 0) text: Approaching the playing room with his shouldered laptop, takes a deep breath to prepare himself against the possib of defeat, and enters - & Scanning the room from the doorway, Fred tries to ignore handful of kids who are crying. He eventually finds Josh’ face in the crowd but it reveals little. Fred’s, on the o hand, is tortured, desperate for the news. Josh nods slightly and it’s all Fred can do to keep from shouting out loud with glee. OMITTED 110. OMITTED 112. Rowead 07/08/92 YELLOW 63 All1. EXT. WASHINGTON SQUARE - DAY Alll. vinnie admires Josh’s latest trophy, wraps an arm around glances over to Bonnie and back to Josh.
15) 1) dialog: I can still take you, set them up. He hands over his plastic bag of chessmen. Josh takes it table, begins setting the pieces up. Vinnie follows, hand Bonnie the trophy like an object of no value, and the pri aside -
15) 2) dialog: Too much pressure for a kid. Her smile fades as she watches him perch opposite Josh, p pawn and hit the clock. Bll1l. EXT. TRAIN - DAY Blll. A passenger train rattles past an outcropping of grain si Cl11 . INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT cill. Fred and Josh sharing a bed, late night food and televise sports, Fred’s eating from a room service tray; Josh from pizza box. 112. INT. VETERANS HALL WAITING AREA ~ DAY 112. Adults crowd around the pairing sheets, obscuring their k view of them. They have to jump up and down to try to rea they’re playing in the next round. (INSERT) Moving up past the names to Josh’s, which has ri considerably.
25) 0) text: While Bonnie attends to Katya on a swing, Josh and Vinnie hamburgers and fries from McDonald’s Kids’ Meals she’s bo then.
25) 1) dialog: What was wrong with the old school?
25) 3) dialog: This one’s better, huh?
25) 6) dialog: They have a chess class. That’s why you're going there?
25) 8) dialog: Are you okay? Josh manages a brave nod. Glancing away, Vinnie notices a larger than normal crowd gathered over at the chess corne
25) 9) dialog: What the hell’s going on there? It's hard to tell from this distance. The crowd is around table in particular and growing. The mystery is very soon much for either of them to ignore. It’s very unusual. The exchange a glance, both thinking the same thing.
38) 25) dialog: That‘s right, I’m talking to you. Vinnie sits down at his table. There’s no one opposite hi Josh glances to his dad, who nods, Yeah, go ahead, and he approaches the table -
39) 0) text: Fred has handed over the reins of Josh’s chess education hustlers in the park. Gathered around a table, they and F watch him play blitz against Vinnie.
39) 1) dialog: What's that?
39) 3) dialog: Wilkes-Barre Attack, where’d you learn that, from a book?
39) 5) dialog: Well, forget it, and play like you used to, from the gut. Get your pawns rolling on the queenside and come after me. A184. Bls4. arrenncs 08 09/82 103 INT. DALTON SCHOOL CLASSROOM = DAY A184. Dalton’s chess instructor, Svetozar Jovanovic, lectures h oung student using a demonstration board. On the chalkboa it hangs from is written - Wo- J.R. Capablanca vs. B - Mattison - Carlsbad, 1923 (Nimzo-Indian Defense) Josh comes in late, interrupting the lecture, and hands t teacher a note. He takes a look at it, then at the boy.
39) 11) dialog: I see now he didn’t teach you to win, he taught you how not to lose. You're playing not to lose, that’s nothing to @ proud of. You have to risk losing. You have to risk everything. You have to go to the edge of defeat. That’s where you want to be. On the edge.
39) 14) dialog: But what - move. Josh slams another piece down and hits the clock. Vinnie counters and Josh counters him, slam. INT. CAR DEALERSHIP ~ DAY 185. Fred and Josh wander through the showroom pretending they interested in buying a car.
39) 18) dialog: Never play the board, always the man. Play the man playing the board, play me, I’m your opponent, you have to beat me, not the board, beat me.
39) 20) dialog: (interrupting) I don’t care, you’re playing me now. Now move.
39) 21) text: Josh moves and hits the clock, anticipates Vinnie’s next and moves again before Vinnie’s piece is down. 188. 189. Frere 08:01 /82 105 EXT. EMPTY SCHOOLYARD - DAY 188. Training wheels and a wrench on the asphalt. Fred running alongside Josh’s bike, hand on the back of the seat, stea it as Josh pedals and steers.
40) 1) dialog: Better. Move. (slam) Good. Don’t think. Move. Another hustler notices another smoking a joint.
40) 6) dialog: (slam) Better. (slam) Better. (slam) Good. . (slam) Move. (slam) Good.
40) 8) dialog: Yeah! INT. NEWSPAPER OFFICE - NIGHT 190. Silence except for the tapping of keys. Virtually alone i the place, working late at his computer, Fred notices a f appear in the reflection in the screen. Turning in his ch he considers Pandolfini for several moments.
41) 0) text: The Chicago skyline juts up into a haze of smog. INT. HOTEL BANQUET ROOM - DAY 192. Descending from a great height, two hundred identical che boards in a deserted room are eventually obscured by the of a single king. 193. 194. 195. Rerrped 08,0102 109 EXT. HOTEL, CHICAGO = DAY 193. A large banner draped across the entrance of a hotel ripp in the breeze - NATIONAL SCHOLASTIC CHESS CHAMPIONSHIP. A pulls up and delivers Fred, Bonnie, Josh, Katya and, stra out last, Vinnie. INT. HOTEL LOBBY - DAY 194. A clerk calls out room numbers to a bellboy as she hands and Vinnie keys and an uneasy smile.
41) 8) text: Fevieed 09/01/22 - WHITE 110 195. CONTINUED: 195. out. Fred tips the guy and glances over to Vinnie, wonder perhaps if he’s thinking about stealing something.
41) 9) dialog: Very nice. 196. INT. BANQUET ROOM - LATER ~ DAY 196. Kids stream into the room with great decorum and search o their places at the tables, Against a backdrop of trophie tournament’s director squints into the lights of a minica
41) 38) dialog: The next round starts - now. * (CONTINUED)
41) 46) dialog: He’ll be all right. Dimitri comes past with young Poe, looking refreshed and confident. *
41) 47) dialog: Josh? You got to get up, man. INT. BANQUET ROOM - DAY 208. Jonathan Poe gets up from the number~one table having sou dispatched his weeping opponent. Below, Josh, looking lik might fall asleep any minute, watches him leave the room glancing back wearily to his own board. INT. LOBBY ~ DAY 209. The Waitzkin camp waits for the outcome of the second gam their heads in their hands, The door to the playing room open and some kids, including Josh, emerge. The adults on couch wait for the verdict, which finally comes in a slig weary nod. INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 210. As Bonnie readies a rollaway bed for Vinnie, he sits with Josh on a couch. *
41) 48) dialog: i've been watching him. He’s good. He’s as good as I am but you’re better * fhan me. Which means you can take hin. Josh nods but it’s unlikely he believes it. (CONTINUED)
41) 54) dialog: That’s the way it works. *
41) 56) dialog: Tomorrow. Josh wishes tomorrow were already behind him. *
42) 0) text: As Poe works on endgame tactics with Dimitri between roun Vinnie wanders over and watches. Dimitri glances up with that demands, Do you mind? The Washington Square hustler shiles.
42) 1) dialog: You know what’s going to happen today. * You’re gonna have to face my man Josh. *
42) 3) dialog: Yeah? vinnie leaves without another word. The sneer on Poe’s fa pales slightly. INT. BANQUET ROOM - DAY 212. Josh has moved a little closer to the number-one board. P glances up - (CONTINUED)
45) 2) dialog: Go after him. (CONTINUED)
45) 7) dialog: Bring her out, scare the peasant. INT. BANQUET ROOM ~ SAME TIME ~ DAY 223. Josh’s hand reaches for his queen - Peevinect 08 701/82 - WHETE: 119
46) 2) dialog: Bring her out.
46) 5) dialog: All right, Josh. 227. INT. BANQUET ROOM - CONTINUOUS ~ DAY 227. Poe zeroes in quickly on Josh’s brazen queen with several
46) 8) dialog: Over? Josh is setting him up. 1 taught him that. Pandolfini glances over at Vinnie with a hopeless shake o ead. Reviews 00/01/02» WHITE, 120 229. INT. BANQUET ROOM - DAY 229. If Poe were confident before, he now feels invincible, ch Josh's queenless retreating army. So consumed is he with marauding, though, he leaves his queen momentarily unprot and Josh topples her. 230. INT. LOBBY - CONTINUOUS ~ DAY 230. vinnie, the only one in Josh’s group to witness the captu leaps to his feet.
46) 9) dialog: There it is! Fred and Pandolfini, some distance away, whirl around to the monitors. Dimitri, too, gazes up at one apoplectic. 231. INT. BANQUET ROOM - CONTINUOUS ~ DAY 231. Poe stares at his fallen queen in disbelief. Finally, he glances up at Josh.
53) 7) dialog: What’s that supposed to mean? Cg 256. INT. BANQUET ROOM ~ DAY 256. Josh keeps holding his hand out waiting for Poe to shake
53) 12) dialog: A draw? Why? Pandolfini glances across to Fred, then to Dimitri.
54) 8) text: +e ee 258. 259. Flevit 09/01/02» WHITE 128 CONTINUED: 258. Poe glances up from the board destroyed. He tries to make the doors and out but finds himself tangled in the mob ru in. As Josh watches his opponent’s desperate attempt to flee, feels none of the elation he thought he would beating him something else he didn’t, something deeper. The kids and his parents and sister surround Josh, huggin congratulating him. Vinnie waves the long-saved scrap of newspaper with "Josh Waitzkin" scribbled on the masthead, telling everyone he used to play him in the park.