82) 1) dialog: (deep southern accent) Welcome, Mr. Shirley! Graham Kindell, I’m the general manager. So nice to meet y'all!
82) 3) dialog: Pleasure, Tony. Right this way.
83) 1) dialog: If you need anything--anything t’all--you let me know.
84) 1) dialog: Here you are. We have about an hour before show time. Any questions?
84) 3) dialog: Continue down the hall, Tony, to the right, across the lobby. (CONTINUED)
85) 15) dialog: Everything all right? (CONTINUED)
85) 19) dialog: (to Shirley) I apologize, but these are... long- standing traditions. I’m sure you understand.
85) 22) dialog: I’m afraid not. Lip looks to the stoic Shirley, then back to Kindell, searching for a compromise.
85) 24) dialog: Of course. We’ll be happy to send him anything he would like. (to Maitre D’) John, show him a menu.
85) 28) dialog: Okay... if you’d prefer, there’s a very popular establishment right down the road--the Orange Bird-- they'll be happy to feed you. Lip turns to Shirley.
85) 32) dialog: (to Lip) May I have a word with you? Lip follows Kindell through a door, into a side parlor.
86) 1) dialog: Mr. Villanueva, you have to talk sense to Mr. Shirley. Please explain that we’re not insulting him personally, this is just the way things are done down here.
86) 5) dialog: Just ask him to be reasonable. I have 400 guests out there who expect to be entertained tonight.
86) 7) dialog: Lemme tell you a story. You ever hear of the Boston Celtics basketball club? Those boys came through here a couple years ago on a barnstorming tour. Now, seeing as they were World Champions of the league and all, we was tickled to have ‘em eat here and we rolled out the welcome wagon. So you know what table their big coon ate at that night?
86) 9) dialog: I don’t either. But it wasn’t one of ours. Kindell drops the genteel demeanor.
86) 10) dialog: Now let’s cut the bullshit. Tell me what it’s gonn’ take. Kindell takes out his wallet.
86) 11) dialog: Say one hundred dollars and you get your boy to play? The veins on Lip’s neck rise.
86) 13) dialog: All do respect, sir, but you wouldn't be doing a job like this if you couldn’t be bought. (CONTINUED)
87) 0) text: Lip escorts Shirley through the crowded ballroom toward t exit with Graham Kindell on their heels in a panic.
87) 1) dialog: Don, don’t do this! Shirley and Lip keep moving at a brisk pace through the surprised and bewildered crowd.
87) 2) dialog: We have a contract, and I know you're the kind of man that honors a contract! ANGLE ON the BLACK SERVERS watching their boss grovel. Th maintain deadpan expressions, but we can see the APPROVAL THEIR EYES.
87) 3) dialog: You got a show to do, mister! Scattered BOOS and CATCALLS from the diners as the FURIOU Graham Kindell follows them out the front door...