13) 0) text: Lip parks Shirley's rented Cadillac in front of an identi Cadillac, gets out, opens the trunk. Smoking next to the other Cadillac is OLEG MALAKHOV, 30s, Russian, wears glas and GEORGE DYER, 30s. Lip takes out a cigarette, is about to light it, then not Oleg smoking. He puts the cigarette back in the pack, the walks over to Oleg and George.
13) 3) dialog: (Russian accent) Oleg. Cello.
15) 0) text: Dr. Shirley’s Cadillac drives west on Route 80, followed Oleg and George.
18) 0) text: Oleg’s car speeds up, pulls next to Shirley’s Cadillac. O rolls down his window, motions to Shirley, who rolls down window. (CONTINUED)
18) 3) dialog: (in Russian) Everything okay?
18) 5) dialog: (in Russian) Good. We’ll meet you at the hotel in Pittsburgh.
29) 0) text: Lip and Shirley's car, followed by Oleg and George’s car, pull into the gas station and parks. Lip gets out, Shirle waits in the car, window open. Oleg and George also get o of their car, stretch, smoke. Lip walks to the novelty shop, which has an outside porch area with multiple displays, knick-knacks, etc. One of th boxes is filled with an assortment of POLISHED STONES of various shapes, sizes, and colors. Lip goes to the box of stones, picks up a few, checks the out, puts them back. Oleg WATCHES AS Lip spot a large JADE-COLORED STONE on th ground. He picks it up, looks it over... Puts it in his pocket... ON DR. SHIRLEY’S CAR - MOMENTS LATER Oleg speaks to Shirley through the back window. Lip exits store, lights a smoke, heads toward Shirley's Cadillac. O goes back to his car. Lip gets in, starts the car. (CONTINUED)
30) 0) text: The place is empty except for Oleg and George setting up their instruments on stage. As Lip ENTERS, OLEG starts to PLAY A SONG on the Cello. Lip goes to a BROKEN DOWN PIANO on the stage. He looks it over. This can’t be right. He opens the top, inside... GARBAGE... CRUMBLED PAPERS, A COKE BOTTLE, DIRTY NAPKINS. Lip sees the STAGE MANAGER off to the side of the stage.
52) 3) dialog: We have many concert dates left. (CONTINUED)
52) 7) dialog: You realize we are contractually obliged to play them?
52) 9) dialog: Ugly circumstances are going to happen again... so control yourself. Lip kicks his cigarette out in the dirt.
52) 11) dialog: Dr. Shirley could've stayed up north getting rear-end kissed at Park Avenue parties for three times money, but he asked for this.
85) 0) text: A cavernous DINING ROOM/HALL. Ornately decorated in red a green ribbons and wreaths. A twenty-foot Christmas Tree towers behind the Trio’s instruments onstage. Filling in with well-dressed WHITE CUSTOMERS. Lip ENTERS, sits at a table. HIS POV - Across the room, Oleg and George eat dinner, dr wine. George CALLS OUT:
85) 4) dialog: Three shots vodka. Tony looks at Oleg.
85) 5) dialog: Last show. Cold war over. Time for truce. Lip nods, smiles. The Waiter leaves to get the drinks.
85) 9) dialog: Six years ago, 1956, Nat King Cole was invited to perform at Municipal Auditorium right here in Birmingham. Mr. Cole was very first negro asked to play at a white establishment in this city. Lip butters a roll, takes a bite.
85) 10) dialog: Soon as Mr. Cole started playing, a group of men attacked him for playing white people’s music. Pulled him off stage and beat him badly. Lip stops chewing.
85) 11) dialog: You asked once why Dr. Shirley does this? I tell you. Because there is no genius without courage. 97. The Waiter returns with the drinks. They CLINK glasses, d the shots. Lip NOTICES Shirley (now in his tux) and the MAITRE D’ ha a conversation at the entrance. Lip walks over.