48) 0) text: HAROLD is sitting on a bed, next to CINDY KIM (very cute, prim and proper, Korean girl). Sitting on the floor are A DOZEN ASIAN STUDENTS-- pure stereotypes (glasses, nerdy clothes, etc). Harold is kind of creeped out by them.
48) 1) dialog: I'm so glad you showed up, Harold!
48) 3) dialog: Did you like the Hibiscus petals I glued to the envelope I sent you?
48) 5) text: Suddenly, one of the nerdy Asian students (KENNETH) raise his hand. HAROLD looks at him strangely, and then over to Cindy. "Does this guy think I'm a teacher or something?" Harold sits there and stares at Kenneth for a while...
48) 18) dialog: Actually Harold, we should be getting to the party. We can discuss all this stuff there. It's just down the hall. All the Asian students get up...
48) 24) dialog: You'll see him when we're done. Trust me, you're gonna love this. Kenny's mom dropped off a big jar of kimchi jigae.
48) 27) text: CINDY grabs HAROLD's hand and drags him away.
51) 2) text: KUMAR notices that CINDY is appalled by his choice of wor
51) 8) dialog: Sorry.    Harold's coming with us.
51) 10) text: CINDY gives HAROLD an evil eye-- he's intimidated by her.
51) 13) text: KUMAR notices an open dorm room nearby. He enters the roo and returns a few moments later dragging an ASIAN FRESHMA his pajamas. He pushes the Asian Freshman over to Cindy..
51) 15) text: KUMAR grabs HAROLD by the arm and drags him away. CINDY looks pissed as she watches HAROLD being taken away from
54) 0) text: Meanwhile, CINDY has left the other students and is roami the hallways, looking for Harold. She sees Hippie Asshole walking by, counting Kumar's money...
54) 1) dialog: Have you seen a Korean guy around here?
54) 3) text: Cindy can't help but feel a little stupid.
57) 0) text: Harold and Kumar stop in their tracks when they see the E ASIAN STUDENTS ASSOCIATION party in full blast. All the "nerdy" asian kids from Cindy's room are grinding with ea other as KENNETH RAPS A FILTHY RAP. Harold and Kumar look at each other in shock. Some of the dancing Asian chicks look pretty hot. Kenneth jumps off t couch he was standing on, holding a big bag of POT BROWNI
57) 16) text: Further down the hall, they pass the party. The partygoer watch as the guys run by, except for Kenneth, who makes a quick grab at one of the topless girl's boobs. When she notices, Kenneth quickly looks away, as if he did nothing Cindy Kim notices Harold...
57) 17) dialog: Harold!