10) 4) text: The driver, COLE (20's, asshole, high energy, intense, lo mouth), puts down his window... COLE is joined in the jeep with his EXTREME SPORTS PUNK FRIENDS, who all laugh at Harold.
10) 5) dialog: (mock Asian accent) This is America, dude! Learn how to drive!
29) 0) text: Harold and Kumar walk down the steps, where they see COLE the EXTREME SPORTS PUNKS doing lame skateboard tricks on sidewalk near their jeep. They're about to get back in th jeep, when Cole sees Harold and Kumar walking near them.
29) 1) dialog: Hey look, it's the Brother's McFag! (to Harold and Kumar) Let me guess, the yellow one's the catcher!
29) 5) text: COLE AND THE PUNKS LAUGH HYSTERICALLY. Harold is uncomfortable. Kumar just ignores them.
29) 6) dialog: (to the Punks) Come on, guys! Let's get ourselves some fucking Mountain Dew!
84) 5) text: Suddenly, Cole's Yellow Jeep drives right by them. They h to jump out of the way. Cole parks the jeep and exits wit TWO OF THE EXTREME SPORTS PUNKS.
84) 6) dialog: Late night math league meeting, homos?
84) 9) text: Cole and the Two Punks push past Harold and Kumar and wal into the store. Harold and Kumar enter after them...
85) 0) text: HAROLD and KUMAR walk into the store, where they see Cole the Punks are nonchalantly knocking over random items fro the shelves. They then begin playing HACKEYSACK with a HOSTESS-like PIE. The CASHIER (an OLD INDIAN MAN IN HIS SIXTIES) throws out a couple indecipherable protests...
85) 5) text: Please...the pies...do not... Cole and the Punks ignore him.    Harold and Kumar then approach the Indian Cashier...
85) 13) dialog: 
85) 20) text: The kayak lands on the floor.     COLE gets out and celeb with his friends.
85) 21) dialog: That was so fucking extreme, man!
85) 25) text: He tears open the bag and starts pouring them into his mo getting the chips all over the place. The INDIAN CASHIER is still yelling.      Cole picks up t Cashier...
85) 26) dialog: Extreme Cashier!!!
85) 27) text: Harold and Kumar watch on as Cole spins the INDIAN CASHIE around and around.
85) 31) text: Pissed, Cole stops in his tracks and drops the Cashier on floor. He's pissed. It's clear to Harold that they may ge their asses kicked.
85) 37) text: Cole slowly walks over to Kumar. The two stand face to fa Cole looks pissed, but Kumar keeps his confident exterior It's a tense moment. Suddenly, Cole makes a quick motion as if he was going to Kumar, trying to get him to flinch. Kumar stands his grou without flinching, still looking Cole in the eye. The Pun don't know what to think as their leader is shown up. Seemingly impressed by Kumar, Cole begins to turn around if he's going to walk away, but he quickly doubles back, doing the same fake punch he did before. Caught off guard this time Kumar flinches like a nervous weakling...
85) 39) text: Cole and the Punks burst out laughing.
85) 40) dialog: Yeah, that's right, bitch! Try fucking with me one more time. Just try it!
85) 41) text: Cole jumps up and town gloating and pounding on his chest
85) 44) dialog: (like Apu) Thank you, come again!
103) 8) dialog: Wow, you guys are really extreme...
103) 9) text: HAROLD turns and sees COLE KAYAKING DOWN A NEARBY STREAM.
103) 10) dialog: ...extremely gay that is.
108) 2) text: COLE and the EXTREME SPORTS PUNKS are hacky-sacking in th parking lot. Their skateboards are sitting nearby.
108) 3) dialog: (to Kumar) Hey Apu!
108) 4) text: COLE laughs.   Kumar tries to ignore him...
108) 5) dialog: Who's running the Quik-E-Mart while you're gone?
108) 6) text: COLE pounds fists with his friends.
108) 27) dialog: Oh yeah? What are you gonna do about it, Mr. Miagi? Cole gets in the CRANE POSITION a la THE KARATE KID... Harold is quiet for a moment as he looks at Cole's little racist routine. He then lets out a little laugh...
108) 33) text: Harold turns around and starts walking towards the Krispe Kreme entrance. Kumar follows. In the background Cole and Punks are laughing about what a "pussy" Harold is.
108) 43) text: Cole turns to see Harold in his car. Kumar is about to ge in the passenger's side. Cole and the Punks start running towards the car! Kumar sees this and quickly gets inside. HAROLD puts the car in reverse, nearly hitting the punks.
109) 8) text: Harold drives the car out of the parking lot.   Cole and Punks give chase on their skateboards.
110) 0) text: Harold drives COLE'S JEEP down at a speed just slow enoug for COLE and the PUNKS to think that they have a chance..
111) 2) text: Harold guns it-- leaving Cole and the Punks in the dust.
112) 0) text: We see Cole and the Punks watching in disbelief as Harold Kumar drive off with their car.
112) 2) dialog: I know Extreme Sports Punk #1, I know.
112) 3) text: The Extreme Sports Punks walk away, leaving Cole by himse
113) 14) text: A tape is resting in the tape deck.   KUMAR pushes it in. HAROLD and KUMAR look at each other amazed that COLE has lame chick song on his tape.
114) 0) text: We see COLE'S YELLOW JEEP speeding along the highway. We signs indicating they're getting closer to Cherry Hill...