78) 0) text: HAROLD and KUMAR walk inside and see THE HOTTEST CHICK OF TIME (LIANE) walk out of the kitchen. She is dressed Dais Dukes and a tight, skimpy shirt, that accentuates her che
78) 1) dialog: Hi. I'm Freak Show's wife, Liane.    Would you boys like some pink lemonade?
78) 3) dialog: Let me go bring in a pitcher.
78) 4) text: LIANE   leaves to go into the kitchen. Along the way, she turns   on a record player, which starts playing a CREEPY ABOUT   JESUS CHRIST. HAROLD and KUMAR look around the ho There   are crosses and Bible Verses on the walls, along Freak   Show and Liane's wedding picture...
78) 12) text: So, tell me Liane-- how are things between you and Freak Show presently?
78) 13) dialog: Oh, never been better.    We love each other very much. KUMAR looks disappointed.    HAROLD, however, is intrigue
78) 15) dialog: Well, I met him at choir practice `bout four years ago. Freak Show was very shy back then-- you know, because of all the hideous boils on his face and neck. But he had the most amazing voice -- like a baby canary. Harold and Kumar look at each other in disbelief -- "are talking about the same Freakshow?"
78) 16) dialog: Well, one day after Easter service, I told him how much I enjoyed his solo, and he just mustered up some courage and asked me out. The rest is history. And we've been in love ever since. HAROLD ponders this for a moment.    He and KUMAR begin drinking their lemonade.
78) 17) dialog: So you boys gonna fuck me or what? HAROLD and KUMAR spit the lemonade out simultaneously. Th look at each other in complete shock. Kumar turns to Haro
78) 23) dialog: (a little offended)
78) 28) dialog: Sorry-- if you boys want me, you gotta do me at the same time.
78) 30) dialog: Come on.   Give me the double stuff. HAROLD and KUMAR look at each other confused.
78) 32) dialog: I want you both inside me simultaneously. HAROLD and KUMAR look at each other again, more confused kind of disturbed. Kumar turns to LIANE...
78) 34) dialog: However you want to do it.
78) 44) dialog: Well...okay. (to Harold)
78) 45) text: Can you help me with this...? Liane walks over to Harold, seductively. Harold is nervou and doesn't know what he should do. She takes his hand an puts it on the knot in her shirt. Harold looks over to Ku who gives him a reassuring nod. Harold then pulls on the cloth, causing the knot to come loose, thereby releasing shirt. The shirt is now hanging and just barely covering breasts.
78) 46) dialog: (to Harold, re: breasts)
78) 47) text: Do you want to play with them? Harold looks over to Kumar, then back at Liane...