25) 3) text: Sitting on the couch is ROSENBERG (a seemingly "nice Jewi boy," wearing khakis and a sweater) and GOLDSTEIN (a more depraved Jewish boy, wearing a t-shirt with a picture of OLSEN TWINS-- underneath the picture we see the words, "FINALLY LEGAL ON JUNE 13, 2004"). Both of them are takin bong hits (out of a shofar bong) while watching TV as Har and Kumar enter...
25) 5) dialog: Wait-- we're watching The Gift on HBO.
25) 8) text: ...Put that down! We're not eating `til we get to White Castle. Harold acts like he's going to put the jerky back, but as soon, as Kumar turns his attention back to Rosenberg and Goldstein, he slips it his pocket.
25) 13) dialog: We're talking about Katie Holmes here. You would never think a sweet, innocent girl like her would ever take her top off. Which is precisely why we have to watch her do it.
25) 23) dialog: (to Goldstein) That's a very vulgar statement.
25) 25) dialog: TouchГ©. (to Harold and Kumar) Anyway, if you guys want to wait till the movie's over...
65) 30) text: Rosenberg gets out of the car and walks over.     HAROLD KUMAR get out of their car.
66) 2) dialog: We got the munchies, so we're out trying to find a Hot Dog Heaven.
66) 3) dialog: What about you guys? How was White Castle?
66) 10) dialog: Apologize to Hashem.
66) 12) dialog: Just apologize!
66) 14) dialog: (to Goldstein)                                          You really need to meet a girl.
66) 30) dialog: Oh no! No more detours! Let's just stick with the plan and get to Krispee Kreme. (to Harold and Kumar) You guys wouldn't believe some of the weird shit we've been through the last couple hours.
108) 10) text: Through the window, we see ROSENBERG and GOLDSTEIN inside sitting at a booth. They both have a dozen donuts and fiv cartons of milk. It looks like they just sat down... Goldstein savors his first bite of his POWDERED BLUEBERRY FILLED DONUT and Rosenberg licks his fingers after his fi bite of his CHOCOLATE CREAM FILLED DONUT. HAROLD and KUMAR watch through the window longingly...