8) 0) text: Todd is standing in front of the bank with his gun drawn, other hand holding all six of the soldiers’ horses by the reins. He warily looks up and down the street. The dog st next to Todd, indifferent People are watching Todd, and the bank, but nobody is doi anything. Most people have run into buildings to hide, bu the rest are watching Todd, unnaturally. He returns their gaze, looking from face to face. William, Annabelle, Clyde, Joseph and Sam come running ou the bank. Todd turns to them, lifting the dog up into a saddlebag on one of the horses.
8) 2) dialog: Oh, hell. Clyde, William and Todd begin shooting at the soldiers as they ride past. One of the soldiers is hit, falling back Behind him, a woman screams. Next to her, a very small bo lying on the ground, blood all over his face and neck. Everything grows still for a moment as William sees this. William flinches and looks away from the boy as the six thunder past the grocery store. Then they are down the st and gone, as the two remaining soldiers run around the st corner, after their horses. The woman kneels over the sma boy in the street, weeping.
10) 0) text: The six carefully work their way through a dim, wooded ar carefully guiding their horses through trees. Sam’s shirt sleeve is red with blood, but the bleeding seems to have stopped and Sam is greedily eating an apple. Annabelle and William ride near the front, conversing quietly. Annabelle is holding a compass, watching the nee sway. Todd moves his horse up next to them.
10) 3) text: Annabelle
10) 8) dialog: The bile in his guts spread.
10) 10) dialog: (almost to herself) His name was Jeffy. Jeffy Hollister. He was a good kid. He used to call me ‘Belle.
11) 0) text: The sun is setting as the six make their way down a narro dirt road, corn fields on either side of them. The rows o corn cast the field in shadow, so that the road ahead is dark. At the front of the group, William and Annabelle speak quietly. (CONTINUED)
11) 1) text: Annabelle 11.
11) 3) dialog: Yeah, I thought I saw him fall. You sure that was you? Could’ve been anyone.
11) 5) dialog: Why?
11) 7) dialog: We almost there? William nods. Up ahead, ANNABELLE (CONT’D) We’re not lost, are we? I haven’t seen a house for awhile.
11) 9) dialog: It’s getting dark soon. Too many clouds for the moon to do us any good.
11) 17) dialog: Yeah. The group has grown silent, watching the bobbing light mo closer.
11) 21) dialog: It looks like a lantern.
12) 0) text: The road is getting narrower and increasingly covered wit tall grass, bent down in some areas but seemingly untouch in others. Annabelle and William can barely ride alongsid each other. Sam is riding in front of them, slowly, with running alongside Sam’s horse, visible in the lantern’s circle of light.
12) 1) dialog: I don’t like the looks of this.
12) 3) dialog: We don’t even know where we are.
13) 5) dialog: 
13) 9) dialog: Someone. Like they was watching us. William looks at the house, as Clyde, Todd and Joseph rid behind them.
14) 0) text: The six work their way through the dark cornfield, pushin unruly stalks to the side. Sam, Joseph and Todd each hold lanterns, which do little good in the dense cornfield exc to create alarming shadows. The horses make nervous sound every now and then, but continue forward. Suddenly Annabelle, up ahead, gives a sharp cry. Joseph, and Clyde rush forward towards the sound of her voice. Annabelle is standing, one hand on her chest, in front of scarecrow. The scarecrow’s limbs are tied to a wooden cro with barbed wire. A canvas sack, filled with peculiar lum and shadows, forms the scarecrow’s head. Joseph looks up it.
14) 4) dialog: That thing scared the life out of me. I thought it was a man.
14) 8) dialog: No! Don’t touch it! I mean, there’s no point. Let’s not bother. It just gave me a start, that’s all.
14) 33) dialog: What?
14) 35) dialog: Huh.
14) 39) dialog: Yeah. Come on. I want to get that bullet out of you before an infection can start spreading.
16) 10) dialog: I want to get to work on Sam’s shoulder right away.
16) 19) dialog: (to William) Be careful.
16) 27) dialog: Leave it on, we’ll just move it aside. Annabelle pushes Sam’s shirt open, over his shoulders, exposing his torso. The bullet wound in Sam’s shoulder is very dark, almost black, and moist with purple blood. A large, bluish welt surrounds the wound. Annabelle winces she sees the wound. ANNABELLE (CONT’D) Jesus. Annabelle gently presses on the swollen area of flesh tha surrounds the bullet hole. Dark blood, almost black, well out of the scabby wound and crawls down Sam’s chest. Sam, curious, peers down, trying to see his own shoulder
21) 0) text: Annabelle pulls a small lump of metal out from Sam’s shoulder, using a pair of thin pliers. Sam grits his teet his eyes clenched shut.
21) 1) dialog: There. We’re done. Sam opens his eyes, relaxing slightly. Red blood flows fr his wound. He reaches forward, grabs a bottle of whiskey the table and drinks deeply from it. Sam stops drinking to gasp:
21) 5) dialog: Hopefully that’11 help matters.
21) 7) dialog: Just a second. Annabelle takes the bottle of whiskey from him and takes quick drink. She then bends forward and pours whiskey ont his wound. Sam jerks away.
21) 9) dialog: That’11 do. Annabelle pulls out some cotton bandages and begins lacin them over Sam’s shoulder.
21) 11) dialog: Quit whining. Sam tenderly touches his shoulder, still wincing. His fac flushed and covered with sweat. Annabelle suddenly turns towards a window, which faces outside. ANNABELLE (CONT’D) Did you see that? Sam turns, following her gaze. The window is completely d
21) 13) dialog: I thought I saw someone standing on the porch. (pause) It might have just been my reflection. Sam tightens his grip on his pistol, watching the window. (CONTINUED)
21) 20) dialog: Yeah. It’s weird... It wasn’t that deep.
23) 0) text: Joseph and Clyde walk into the room from the kitchen at t same time as Sam, dimming their lanterns as they enter. C has something slung over his arm. Annabelle and William t to regard them.
23) 25) dialog: You alright?
25) 12) dialog: I will.
26) 0) text: Joseph, Clyde, William and Annabelle step out of the back door of the house, facing the large barn. A stone well an outhouse are positioned near the side of the house. Betwe the house and the barn, two empty clotheslines hang betwe oak trees, swaying in the wind. (CONTINUED)
26) 3) dialog: I’1l be just a second. Annabelle walks towards the outhouse. William, Clyde and Joseph walk over to the barn. The large, double doors to the barn stand open; it is dar within. Clyde walks inside the barn, holding his lantern high. William and Joseph follow.
27) 13) dialog: What?
27) 16) dialog: We should put the horses in here. Before the storm really spooks them.
27) 20) dialog: What happened?
27) 28) dialog: Let me see that. (CONTINUED)
28) 0) text: As William, Clyde, and Annabelle walk back into the house Joseph moves over to the well and ties the bucket back to rope, which hangs over a bar above the well.
29) 0) text: Todd and Sam are both drinking from the bottle of whiskey counting gold pieces at the table. Clyde nods at them as William, Annabelle and Joseph walk into the room from the porch. Annabelle sets the book down on the table, next to gold.
30) 0) text: Annabelle and William stand in the hallway, close to each other. Behind them, Todd, Sam, Clyde and Joseph are playi cards at the table, two half-empty bottles in front of th (CONTINUED)
30) 3) dialog: They said there were some beds upstairs.
30) 5) dialog: Or something. They kiss, lightly, then Annabelle pulls away from Willia He leans towards her and they kiss again, longer.
31) 0) text: Annabelle and William are entangled on a large bed, makin love by the light of a candle mounted on a thick, wooden dresser. Annabelle is on top of William. The flickering candle flame casts strange shadows over her face.
38) 0) text: William and Annabelle lie in bed together, naked under th covers. Annabelle is asleep in William’s arms. A slight creaking sound comes from outside the bedroom, followed by a soft knock on the door. William opens one e The soft knocking comes again, followed by a whisper:
40) 2) dialog: Mmm?
40) 4) dialog: Joseph’s gone? (CONTINUED)
40) 8) dialog: Okay. (she yawns) Maybe he went off looking for Dog.
40) 10) dialog: What’s that?
40) 12) dialog: I’ve got my gun. William leans down and kisses her.
40) 14) dialog: Uh. Okay. Annabelle stretches.
45) 0) text: Annabelle lies in bed, breathing softly. In the bedroom, closet door slowly creaks open. Annabelle opens her eyes; the room is silent. Annabelle frowns, then blinks and shuts her eyes again. The sound o quick footsteps moving across the room is heard. (CONTINUED)
45) 3) dialog: (to herself) You’re dreaming, honey. Annabelle stretches, then looks around the room again. Sighing, she climbs out of bed and cautiously crosses ove the closet. Annabelle gingerly pushes some clothes out of way and looks inside; the closet contains only clothes.
47) 0) text: Annabelle shuts the closet door, then turns around and surveys the room. She looks at the bed. After a moment, Annabelle crosses over to the bed, kneels down on the flo and peers under the bed. Under the bed, in the opposite corner, something large is just visible in the shadows. Annabelle cannot make out it features; it could be crouching animal, or a pile of clothing. Very slowly, Annabelle reaches for the lantern to the bed and holds the lantern out at floor level. Illuminated under the opposite corner of the bed is a sma boy, crouched in a fetal position, silently rocking back forth. Annabelle frowns, peering closer. Just then, the b lifts his head up and looks straight at her, his face dar Moving with unnatural speed under the bed, the boy crawls towards Annabelle, scuttling like a crab. He is immediate face to face with her. The boy grins at Annabelle in the light of the lantern; h toothless and his eyes are completely black, with no iris Annabelle screams and falls back away from the boy, knock over the lantern. It goes out, plunging the room into complete darkness.
48) 0) text: Annabelle’s scream is audible from upstairs. William, Sam Todd react, then run out of the room for the stairs, Will in the lead.
49) 0) text: Annabelle is standing in the corner of the room, facing t open bedroom door. William runs into the doorway, Todd an Sam coming up behind him.
49) 2) dialog: There was a boy in here!
49) 6) dialog: He ran out. Annabelle points towards them, in the doorway. William lo at Sam and Todd, who look at each other and head for the opposite rooms. William crosses over to Annabelle. He puts an arm around
49) 8) dialog: Yeah... I’m fine. He just scared me... The lighting or something.
49) 10) dialog: I don’t know. He couldn’t be too old. He was small. His face...
49) 19) dialog: You okay, Sam?
49) 21) dialog: You should lie down and get some rest. I know I’m not going to be sleeping for awhile.
50) 0) text: William, Annabelle and Todd walk out onto the front porch The wind tears at the branches of a tree in front of them
50) 8) dialog: I’1l go with you.
50) 11) dialog: Oh, god.
51) 0) text: It is raining harder as William and Annabelle walk back towards the barn. The rain splatters off William’s hat an has soaked Annabelle’s hair and dress.
51) 1) dialog: William? (CONTINUED)
51) 5) dialog: He didn’t just go for a walk, William! William looks somewhat taken aback by the panic in Annabelle’s voice. He reaches out hesitantly and touches arm.
51) 7) dialog: I’m... I’m sorry. But, I mean... You feel it, don’t you?
51) 9) dialog: Nothing. I don’t know.
53) 0) text: Sam lies in bed, sweating, looking up at the ceiling. He looks down at the foot of his bed. As Sam watches, the older boy child, the same one that Annabelle saw, slowly rises up from the foot of the bed a looks at Sam, putting his hands on the mattress. The boy’ eyes and mouth are dark holes. Sam stares at the boy, frozen with fear. The older boy addresses Sam calmly:
54) 0) text: William, Clyde and Annabelle walk through the rain, up to front porch.
54) 3) dialog: You can count me out. (CONTINUED)
55) 0) text: William, Annabelle and Clyde step into the front room, looking around. The gold is still piled on the table. Tod steps out from the kitchen, holding his lantern.
55) 6) dialog: Roll me one.
58) 0) text: William and Annabelle are still asleep, in the same positions. At the table, Todd’s head is resting on one ha his arm propped up on the table. The lantern next to him been turned down low. Todd blinks, very slowly. His eyelids close, then he open his eyes wide, looking around quickly. Nothing in the roo different. Todd’s eyes slowly start to shut again. He blinks twice, his eyelids close.
58) 1) text: A thumping noise comes from beyond the kitchen. Todd’s ey fly open and he sits up straight, looking towards the kitchen. Todd swiftly surveys the room, then slumps back in his ch rubbing at his face. The noise comes again, from somewhere on the other side o the house, and Todd jumps to his feet, his eyes narrowed. Todd looks down at William and Annabelle, who are still asleep. He then walks past them, into the kitchen. 63.
61) 0) text: William and Annabelle are still asleep on the floor. The sound of footsteps running down the stairs comes from beh them. William opens his eyes and looks around the room, just as Clyde runs through the front room. Clyde grabs the front doorknob, opens it, and runs outside, into the storm.
61) 2) dialog: What’s going on?
61) 4) dialog: Okay. You do that. Annabelle immediately puts her head back down and closes eyes. William looks troubled.
61) 6) dialog: (mumbling) Don’t worry about it. I’1l be fine.
63) 0) text: Sam sits at the table. He has the book in his hands and f through the pages, pausing occasionally. After a moment, slowly looks down at Annabelle, sleeping on the floor
63) 4) dialog: Sam? What are you doing? Sam does not respond for a moment, turning his attention to the book. ANNABELLE (CONT’D) What is it? What’s going on?
63) 6) dialog: You’re reading that book?
63) 8) dialog: What does it say?
63) 10) dialog: who? Sam's face darkens.
63) 15) dialog: Sam. What are you talking about? You’re not making any sense. Are you okay? Sam straightens up, his face blank, and sets down the boo the table.
63) 17) dialog: Well, you’d better let me take a look at it. Hang on. Annabelle unsteadily rises to her feet. She steps forward takes a seat at the table opposite from Sam. ANNABELLE (CONT’D) Can you unbutton your shirt? Sam reaches up and begins slowly unbuttoning his shirt. O he is finished, he pushes his shirt open and tears off th bandage. The area around Sam’s wound, expanding to cover most of h chest, is a black, swollen bruise. Thin tendrils of purpl infection crawl up Sam’s neck and down his stomach. The w itself is oozing a thick, viscous fluid. Annabelle shrinks away, holding her hand to her mouth.
63) 19) dialog: My god... How long has it been like this? Sam shrugs slightly.
63) 23) dialog: Sam, we’ve- We’ve got to get you toa hospital. You’ve got some sort of infection. I don’t have anything here that can take care of it. Annabelle opens her bag and begins rooting through it. ANNABELLE (CONT’D) I might be able to give you something for the pain...
63) 25) dialog: What? What did you just say? Sam reaches forwards, towards Annabelle.
63) 27) dialog: What is it? Sam holds out his hand to Annabelle.
63) 29) dialog: Sam, I think you’re delirious. Hang on just a second, and I’1ll give you a shot that will make you feel a little better.
63) 33) dialog: You got shot, Sam. I was there, remember?
63) 35) dialog: What are you talking about, Sam? Sam leans forward suddenly and grips Annabelle’s arm. His eyes are pale.
65) 0) text: Annabelle jerks in her chair, staring around the room wil Across from her, Sam is slumped back in his chair, his ey shut. His arms hang limply at his sides. Annabelle scoots her chair away from the table and vomits onto the floor.
67) 0) text: Annabelle jumps out of her chair as the front door opens William steps in. She then throws herself against him, sobbing.
67) 2) dialog: I saw- I saw- I saw everything.
67) 5) dialog: I- I don’t know... William reaches forward and shakes Sam’s arm, then shakes again, harder. Sam does not stir. William leans forward a pushes Sam’s shoulder. Sam slumps over onto the table. William slowly steps forward and puts his hand to Sam’s f He holds his hand against Sam’s unmoving face for several seconds, then William bows his head slightly.
67) 6) dialog: What?
67) 9) dialog: I don’t know. (CONTINUED)
67) 13) dialog: It’s this place! This place did something to him! William gives her an incredulous look.
67) 15) dialog: Jeffy Hollister was in love with me, you know. William frowns, barely paying attention to her, as he lea forward and feels for a pulse in Sam’s neck.
67) 17) dialog: Jeffy was in love with me. He used to say it all the time, before you got there. He hated you because of it. I could see it, William. He did. William looks at her.
67) 26) dialog: Why? What did you see? Todd grins, his eyes serious.
67) 28) dialog: Sam’s dead, Todd. Todd looks over at Sam’s slumped form. He reaches out and touches Sam’s shoulder, puzzled.
67) 37) dialog: William? Todd kicks out at a chair, knocking the back of the chair into William’s waist. As William stumbles back, pulling o his pistol, Todd lunges across the table and grabs Sam’s from the holster on the side of Sam’s pants. Partly lying across Sam and the table, Todd has Sam’s pis cocked and aimed at William before William regain his balance. William freezes, looking at Todd. Todd is still slumped o Sam. He holds the gun aimed at William, regarding William with dead eyes. William’s gun is aimed uselessly at the floor.
67) 39) dialog: Two against one, Todd. What are you thinking about? Todd blinks, slowly.
67) 41) dialog: Maybe. He won’t be lonely long if you do. William remains still, holding Todd’s gaze. Todd sighs, t speaks with venom. (CONTINUED)
67) 47) dialog: We don’t know where the gold is, Todd. we didn’t take it. You can check. (pause) Why don’t you put the gun down? Annabelle turns the scalpel slightly in Todd’s neck, lett a little more blood flow down into his collar. Todd shows visible reaction to this, though he is sweating.
67) 51) dialog: We know you didn’t take it, Todd. An unaccompanied Negro with four bags of gold stands very little chance of getting through Texas. We know you wouldn’t try that. William blinks and does not look entirely convinced, but cautiously sticks his pistol back into his waistband, sti holding Todd’s gaze.
67) 58) dialog: I’m with you there. Todd frowns.
67) 62) dialog: What?
68) 0) text: Todd rapidly walks through the side yard, almost running through the rain. William and Annabelle hurry after him.
69) 0) text: Todd, in the lead, comes to an abrupt stop in the entranc the barn. William and Annabelle almost collide with him.
69) 2) dialog: Oh my god... Todd steps forward and picks up the severed leg of one of horses. The bloody end of it is ragged, with cracked bone sticking out of the flesh. Todd looks at the horse’s leg begins laughing quietly. William and Annabelle exchange a look. Todd glances at th then looks back at the mangled horses.
69) 11) dialog: What could do this to the horses, William? It would... It would have to be the size of a bear...
69) 18) dialog: It’s just the storm, Todd. Todd shakes his head. The voice continues speaking to him
70) 0) text: William, Annabelle and Todd stand by the well. William lo up into the rain. Todd reaches for the rope to the well’s bucket. He pulls it, trying to pull the rope up, but cannot. The bucket appears to be stuck on something. Frustrated, Todd throws down the rope, lifts his head to the sky and opens his mo drinking the rain.
70) 2) dialog: The sooner we get out of here, the better.
70) 4) dialog: He’s dead, William. William is silenced for a moment (CONTINUED)
70) 9) dialog: Come on, William. William stares at Todd and Annabelle.
70) 12) dialog: We’ve got our guns. We can get more. William looks at her; she holds his gaze. Todd looks arou then walks past them, towards the front of the house. Aft Moment, Annabelle and William follow him.
71) 0) text: Todd, Annabelle and William reach the front yard. William stops, looking into the house.
72) 0) text: Sam’s chair is empty. William, Todd and Annabelle look ar the deserted room.
72) 4) dialog: What?
72) 6) dialog: You checked for a pulse yourself, William.
72) 15) dialog: He was dead, William. The infection from the bullet wound spread to his heart. Whoever took his body took it to keep us here. William looks at the floor, then looks outside.
73) 0) text: Todd, Annabelle and William move over towards the cornfie When they reach the rows, William suddenly reaches down a picks an object up off the ground.
73) 3) dialog: We’ve got to head this way anyway.
74) 0) text: William stumbles through the cornfield, Annabelle and Tod close behind him. Abruptly he stops, reaching another tra going through the cornfield.
75) 0) text: William and Annabelle stumble against the rain. Visibilit poor in front of them. They stagger into the clearing with the wooden cross. The form of the scarecrow is tied to the cross. William looks at the scarecrow, wiping rain from his eyes. Annabelle backs away, clearly terrified to be near the scarecrow.
75) 1) dialog: Come on, William. (CONTINUED)
75) 8) dialog: (almost crying) Let’s go!
75) 20) dialog: Oh my god. William and Todd stare at Clyde with horror. After a mome William leans forward with his knife, as if to cut the stitches on Clyde’s face. He hesitates near the yarn on Clyde’s mouth as Clyde writhes in pain.
75) 22) dialog: Yeah, sure. Annabelle begins fumbling through her satchel.
75) 28) dialog: What... What did they do to him? William’s looks up at her, his face crumpling.
75) 32) dialog: Come on, William. Get up. We need to go. Todd, still not looking at William or Annabelle, looks ar the cornfield.
75) 34) dialog: Yes, we are, Todd. We’re going right now. Come on.
75) 36) dialog: Come on, then. (CONTINUED)
75) 40) dialog: Hear what? (pause) I just hear the wind. Todd looks around.
75) 42) dialog: No, you’re not, Todd. No one is. We’re getting out of here. William shakes his head and rises to his feet.
75) 49) dialog: Come on! William mutely follows her further into the cornfield. Annabelle begins to run; William follows.
76) 0) text: Annabelle and William rush through the cornfield, occasionally slipping in the mud, with Annabelle in the l Annabelle is running intently through the corn. William staggers after her, trying to keep up.
76) 2) dialog: Come on! Annabelle continues rushing forward, through the cornstal The wind and rain whips into her face, and the cornstalks being blown back towards her. Behind her, William slips and falls, flat on his face, in mud. He struggles to his feet, slips and falls back down again. Grabbing onto the cornstalks, William hauls himsel upright and stumbles forward again. He can no longer see Annabelle; she is too far ahead. Wil runs forward, in her general direction.
77) 0) text: Annabelle continues racing forward, still lighter on her than William. She runs through the dark cornfield, shouti out: (CONTINUED)
77) 3) dialog: We’ve got to be near the road by now! There is no response from behind her. Still running, Annabelle looks over her left shoulder. There is nothing behind her but cornstalks. She comes to a stop, looking b
79) 0) text: Annabelle puts her hands to her mouth and shouts, trying be heard over the rain.
79) 1) dialog: William! There is no response from the cornfield. Annabelle takes step forward, moving deeper into the cornfield, then stop looking behind her, in the general direction of the trail ANNABELLE (CONT’D) Come on, William... Where are you? Annabelle shifts her feet nervously, her eyes wide with f unwilling to move in either direction.
81) 0) text: Annabelle looks around again, then clenches her jaw and begins moving forward, deeper into the cornfield.
81) 1) dialog: William!
83) 0) text: The sun’s first rays shine over the cornfield. The rain h ceased, though the cornstalks are still damp in appearanc The morning light is faint, but illuminates the entire cornfield. William is still sitting in the mud. Annabelle’s body lie front of him. Her eyes are shut. The blood on her forehea has congealed and is almost black around the bullet wound where William shot her. William stares straight ahead, his face blank. His hair i pasted to his head. He looks aimlessly into the cornfield
84) 0) text: The cornfield is now bright with the morning sun. William still sitting next to Annabelle, staring straight ahead. then turns his head and looks at Annabelle. Reaching out, William puts his hand to the side of Annabelle’s face. His jaw trembles, then he takes his han away, looks away from Annabelle’s corpse and rises to his feet. William’s gun lies several feet away from him, half-burie the mud. William moves towards the rows of corn, then fre as a sudden growling sound comes from directly in front o him. William looks down slowly, his body still. Dog is standin front of William, between two haphazard rows of corn. (CONTINUED)