4) 0) text: The two other Confederate soldiers are standing outside t bank, looking around, while one of them feeds the horses. other soldier, blonde and covered with dust, standing a f feet away, looks down the dirt street. A few hundred feet away, four more Confederate soldiers a riding horses towards them, moving slowly. A black man le one of their horses, walking on foot. A medium-sized dog trots alongside him. The blonde soldier, seeing this, turns to his companion.
4) 1) dialog: Hey, look at that. The other soldier looks up from his task, squinting, revealing bad teeth. (CONTINUED)
4) 4) dialog: I don’t know. The blonde soldier turns and faces the oncoming gray soldiers, waving.
6) 0) text: The four soldiers on horseback approach the two soldiers outside the bank. The man in front, with his horse being by the black man, has dark hair and eyes and is chewing tobacco. This is WILLIAM. The black man, TODD, is slender, and watches the two soldiers, unblinking. The blonde soldier addresses Willia somewhat hesitantly. (CONTINUED)
6) 2) dialog: Where you men in from? William slides off his horse, landing on his feet, and ti the horse’s reins to a wooden post in front of the bank. three men on horseback behind him do the same. One of these men is SAM, who looks like a younger version William and is also chewing tobacco. The other two are JOSEPH, a large, wide-shouldered man, and CLYDE, a smalle wiry, rugged man. The four move towards the two soldiers friendly.
6) 9) dialog: Well, you’re gonna have to wait a few minutes. William squints up at the sun.
6) 12) dialog: (steps forward, nervous) No, I mean, you really gotta. We can’t let anyone in there right now. It’ll just be a few minutes, though. The four men do not pause, continuing towards the door to bank. The blonde soldier and the bucktooth soldier exchan quick glances, then the blonde soldier draws his rifle, cocking the hammer and leveling it at the William.
6) 13) dialog: Now, stop right- He is cut off as the blade of a thick knife enters his ne Todd spins, tugging the knife out of the blonde soldier’s throat, releasing a spout of blood, and stabs the bucktoo soldier in the chest before the bucktooth soldier can rea Todd looks up at William, stooping over the body of the bucktooth soldier. William nods, and Todd leans over and picks up the blonde soldier’s rifle, then begins untying horses. William opens the doors to the bank.