7) 2) text: The soldier who was moving the bags with MacCready is twitching on the ground, gasping, still alive. William an Clyde both notice this. Clyde begins pouring gun powder f a paper packet into the barrel of his pistol, but William sighs, steps forward, and takes out a hunting knife. He w over to the soldier and stabs him in the chest William stands up, surveying the room. His eyes meet the girl’s and he smiles.
7) 6) dialog: Him, sort of. William begins loading one of his pistols.
7) 9) dialog: Just in case. Joseph and Sam are holding the four bags. (CONTINUED)
8) 0) text: Todd is standing in front of the bank with his gun drawn, other hand holding all six of the soldiers’ horses by the reins. He warily looks up and down the street. The dog st next to Todd, indifferent People are watching Todd, and the bank, but nobody is doi anything. Most people have run into buildings to hide, bu the rest are watching Todd, unnaturally. He returns their gaze, looking from face to face. William, Annabelle, Clyde, Joseph and Sam come running ou the bank. Todd turns to them, lifting the dog up into a saddlebag on one of the horses.
10) 18) dialog: Whoa, Joseph, stay on your horse there, big guy. Just a crow or something.
11) 11) dialog: (speaking softly to Todd) What’s that?
11) 18) dialog: Will-o’-wisps.
11) 20) dialog: Ain’t unheard of.
11) 29) dialog: Shit! The horse continues walking passively towards them. As it moves closer, the carriage that the horse is pulling beco visible. A lantern and several pots, pans and other unidentifiable objects hang from the roof of the carriage old man sits at the front, behind the horse, silent. William clears his throat and addresses the old man:
12) 8) dialog: (tense) What is it?
13) 21) dialog: Kinda looks like a porcupine. Or a pig.
13) 26) dialog: Yeah, maybe.
14) 0) text: The six work their way through the dark cornfield, pushin unruly stalks to the side. Sam, Joseph and Todd each hold lanterns, which do little good in the dense cornfield exc to create alarming shadows. The horses make nervous sound every now and then, but continue forward. Suddenly Annabelle, up ahead, gives a sharp cry. Joseph, and Clyde rush forward towards the sound of her voice. Annabelle is standing, one hand on her chest, in front of scarecrow. The scarecrow’s limbs are tied to a wooden cro with barbed wire. A canvas sack, filled with peculiar lum and shadows, forms the scarecrow’s head. Joseph looks up it.
14) 21) dialog: Well, hell. The others stumble up behind Clyde.
14) 23) dialog: Yeah. William looks around. Nobody is moving.
16) 0) text: William’s lantern illuminates the front room of the house wooden table sits over in a corner of the room, surrounde several chairs. A thick layer of dust covers nearly everything. Joseph begins to step forward into the room, but William a hand across Joseph’s chest, stopping him. Joseph looks William, questioningly. William points the lantern down at the floor. Two pairs o footprints are imprinted in the dust on the wooden floor, large boot prints. The boot prints lead off into the dark of the house. Clyde and Todd have moved in behind William and Joseph.
16) 1) dialog: What’s going on? Clyde sees the footprints on the floor and is quiet.
18) 0) text: Clyde and Joseph cautiously make their way up the stairs Joseph in the lead.
18) 1) dialog: This is a pretty nice place. Real fancy. Guy who built it must have been rich. (CONTINUED)
18) 5) dialog: Maybe. Don’t worry, they’1l take one look at you and wet themselves, big guy.
18) 7) dialog: I know it. Here, you go check that room down there, and I’1l check this one.
18) 12) dialog: Shit!
18) 14) dialog: Yeah, this place makes me a little jumpy, too... Nothing in there?
18) 16) dialog: Just some weird clothes and stuff. Looks like it was a guest room or something that no one ever used, the bed’s still made. (pause) Let’s check the third room together.
23) 0) text: Joseph and Clyde walk into the room from the kitchen at t same time as Sam, dimming their lanterns as they enter. C has something slung over his arm. Annabelle and William t to regard them.
23) 1) dialog: Look what we found in a bedroom upstairs. He holds out the object. It is a gray Confederate army jacket. Everyone regards this silently. Sam sits back dow across Annabelle, a pensive expression on his face.
23) 4) dialog: Nothing important. This was hung over a bedpost.
23) 6) dialog: They might have just moved on.
23) 8) dialog: Probably ‘cause they found a better one. There’s plenty of clothes upstairs. If you’re a deserter, sometimes the best idea isn’t to go around in your army uniform. William nods.
23) 12) dialog: I agree. Clyde pulls out a pistol and cocks it. He grins over at T CLYDE (CONT’D) You want to go hunting? Todd shrugs.
23) 20) dialog: Do you see anything over there? (CONTINUED)
24) 0) text: The yard is completely dark. The lantern barely illuminat the cornstalks that surround the house. Clyde moves down porch steps, calling out:
24) 1) dialog: Dog! Hey, dog! Come here! Clyde claps his hands and whistles. The horses, nearby in front yard, stomp their feet anxiously, making noises. In cornfield, something rustles and moves the stalks. Willia and Clyde turn towards this sound.
24) 3) dialog: Dog! Come on, boy! The rustling sound does not come again. A light breeze ge stirs the corn stalks around them. (CONTINUED)
24) 7) dialog: Yeah. William kicks at the ground.
24) 9) dialog: Yeah. Clyde and William head back towards the house. Todd and Joseph are in the doorway, watching.
24) 13) dialog: That was damn weird, wasn’t it?
25) 13) dialog: Sure.
26) 0) text: Joseph, Clyde, William and Annabelle step out of the back door of the house, facing the large barn. A stone well an outhouse are positioned near the side of the house. Betwe the house and the barn, two empty clotheslines hang betwe oak trees, swaying in the wind. (CONTINUED)
27) 2) dialog: Slave quarters. Clyde looks up at the roof of the barn. CLYDE (CONT’D) The roof looks tight. I wouldn’t want to sleep in the hay up there, though. who knows what’s up there.
27) 4) dialog: Careful up there.
27) 8) dialog: Shit. Clyde begins attempting to kick dirt onto the flaming poo oil, to no avail.
27) 11) dialog: You alright?
27) 14) dialog: Hell. This place is turning me into a little girl.
27) 21) dialog: William broke the ladder. Over in the corner, Joseph is kicking at a pile of straw. bends down and extracts an object from the straw.
28) 0) text: As William, Clyde, and Annabelle walk back into the house Joseph moves over to the well and ties the bucket back to rope, which hangs over a bar above the well.
29) 0) text: Todd and Sam are both drinking from the bottle of whiskey counting gold pieces at the table. Clyde nods at them as William, Annabelle and Joseph walk into the room from the porch. Annabelle sets the book down on the table, next to gold.
29) 1) dialog: (to Todd) That’s not all the whiskey we have, is it?
29) 3) dialog: Pass that here. Sam passes Clyde the bottle. Clyde drinks and passes it t William, who drinks.
30) 0) text: Annabelle and William stand in the hallway, close to each other. Behind them, Todd, Sam, Clyde and Joseph are playi cards at the table, two half-empty bottles in front of th (CONTINUED)
32) 0) text: Joseph throws down his cards and stretches. Sam, Clyde an Todd continue covertly staring at their cards. Sam is sweating and pale.
32) 3) dialog: You'd be better at bluffing, Todd, if you’d play it down a little. I’1l see you, and I’1ll raise you five more. Todd whistles slowly, shaking his head. Sam frowns. Outsi lightning flashes, illuminating the horses. One of the ho rears up with a snort.
32) 7) dialog: You need any help?
32) 9) dialog: ‘Kay. Clyde returns his attention to the cards. Joseph steps outside.
36) 0) text: Clyde reacts to the lightning, looking around. Sam and To are still playing cards.
36) 1) dialog: I wonder what’s taking Joseph? Todd shrugs, then looks at Sam curiously.
37) 0) text: Todd, Sam and Clyde walk out into the backyard, holding g looking around.
37) 1) dialog: Hey, Joseph! You out here? The wind tosses the branches of a nearby oak tree. Sam sc up at this.
43) 0) text: William, Todd and Clyde are standing near the well, looki dejected, as Sam quickly walks up to them, still covered a thin sheen of sweat.
43) 3) dialog: Joseph! There is no response. After a moment, William shrugs and four men walk back towards the house.
43) 11) dialog: I gotta take care of something, I’1l be around in a minute. Clyde walks towards the outhouse.
46) 0) text: Clyde sits in the outhouse, looking straight ahead, passively. He is chewing on a piece of hay. Just outside of the outhouse, a rustling sound is audible like something moving through the tall grass. Clyde straightens, reaching down for his shotgun. The rustling sound comes closer to the outhouse. Then a sniffing noise, like that of an animal, comes near the bo of the outhouse door. Clyde relaxes slightly, though he i still tense. He lowers the shotgun.
46) 1) dialog: Hey. Dog? The sniffing at the bottom of the door stops. There is silence for a moment, then the sound of claws raking agai the bottom of the door. Clyde jerks back. The clawing sound continues, with a quiet, animalistic grunting noise. Clyde stands, hitching up his pants, and points the shotgun at the door. CLYDE (CONT’D) (whispering) Fucking hell? Clyde moves to the door as the clawing continues and, ina swift movement, throws the door open and lowers the shotg There is nothing outside of the door. Clyde steps quickly of the outhouse and looks around; no creature is in sight CLYDE (CONT’D) Dog? (CONTINUED)
51) 15) dialog: Yeah. Did you guys see Joseph come by here?
51) 17) dialog: I could’ve sworn I saw him moving around in there. Annabelle and William look at each other.
51) 19) dialog: Yeah, I saw a head and shoulders moving around in the rows, but then...
51) 21) dialog: Well, then I didn’t see him anymore. (pause) It was either him, or something else real big. There is a short silence while they consider this.
51) 23) dialog: Yeah. I might have had a run-in with Dog earlier, too. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
54) 0) text: William, Clyde and Annabelle walk through the rain, up to front porch.
54) 1) dialog: Well, what now?
54) 7) dialog: I guess I could use it. They walk into the house.
55) 0) text: William, Annabelle and Clyde step into the front room, looking around. The gold is still piled on the table. Tod steps out from the kitchen, holding his lantern.
55) 4) dialog: Or at least it was some kind of animal.
56) 0) text: Clyde throws down five cards, disgusted. (CONTINUED)
56) 3) dialog: I swear you’re cheating. Todd lifts a finger to his lips, tilting his head over towards William and Annabelle, who are fast asleep on the floor. Annabelle is curled up next to William, who is sti sitting against the wall, his mouth slightly open, breath deeply.
56) 5) dialog: Aw, ain’t they sweet? Clyde yawns and arches his back. CLYDE (CONT’D) I’m getting a little weary myself.
56) 7) dialog: Ah, you’re just scared to stand watch alone.
56) 9) dialog: You gonna let me get some sleep, then?
56) 11) dialog: They got beds there, don’t they?
59) 7) dialog: What- Who’s there? Clyde rapidly turns the lantern up all the way, illuminat most of the bedroom. His hand is unsteady and the lantern light sways as he sets the lantern back on the floor. The boy is nowhere to be seen. In the corner of the bedro a small girl is crouched, her arms around her knees, faci the corner. The girl is wearing only a pair of underwear. back, which is facing Clyde, trembles with her sobs. Clyde rubs his eyes, looks around again, then looks at th girl.
59) 8) dialog: Hey, how’d you get in here? Where’d that other kid go? The girl does not respond, continuing to face the corner cry. Clyde rises to his feet, standing next to the bed. CLYDE (CONT’D) Look here, are you okay? What’s the matter? The girl does not respond. Clyde moves closer to her, wal over to the corner. CLYDE (CONT’D) It’s okay, don’t cry. Tell me what’s wrong. Did that kid do something bad to you? You just tell me who did it, and I’ll take care of him, okay? Did something happen? The girl suddenly stands and whirls to face Clyde, who is only a couple of feet away from her. The girl’s ears are slightly pointed and her nose is unnaturally flat; (CONTINUED)
59) 12) dialog: What the... fucking hell... A shout comes from outside of the house.
59) 14) dialog: (shouting) Joseph? Lightning flashes again. Joseph is visible in the cornfie about ten feet from where the field meets the yard, makin his way deeper into the cornfield, still hunched over unnaturally. Joseph is leaving a path of broken and smash cornstalks behind him. CLYDE (CONT’D) Joseph? Joseph does not look back. Clyde pauses, then turns and r out of the bedroom. 67.
61) 0) text: William and Annabelle are still asleep on the floor. The sound of footsteps running down the stairs comes from beh them. William opens his eyes and looks around the room, just as Clyde runs through the front room. Clyde grabs the front doorknob, opens it, and runs outside, into the storm.
62) 0) text: William runs out into the rain, holding his lantern aloft Clyde is nowhere to be seen, but there is a spot in the r of corn, near the yard, where several stalks have been pu aside or trampled. William runs across the yard and into the cornfield. The broken stalks form a haphazard trail through the tall cor though William can still only see a couple feet in front himself, and cannot see over the corn. William continues staggering through the corn, along the trail, holding his lantern in front of him. William calls out:
66) 0) text: William continues walking quickly through the cornstalks following the path of broken and bent stalks. Rain splatt off William’s hat. Suddenly, William is faced with tall, upright stalks in f of him. The only bent stalks are behind William. The trai has come to an abrupt end in the middle of the field. William looks around. There is nothing but cornstalks aro him, and no indication of Clyde or where he may have gone (CONTINUED)