53) 5) dialog: I had to do it. If I hadn’t done it, it would have been so much worse for them. I put them where they’1l never be found, by anyone. You understand, don’t you? The man steps forwards slightly. The object in his hand i small, bloody scythe. The man’s head is lowered. FATHER (CONT’D) Tell me you understand. Sam, trembling with fright, tries to speak
53) 7) dialog: Who are you? Where is she? Sam shuts his eyes again and begins muttering inarticulat to himself. The room is silent. Sam slowly opens his eyes The man is standing above Sam, leaning over the bed. The raises his scythe above his head.
53) 8) dialog: I asked you a question! Sam screams.
64) 0) text: From the Father’s POV, the cornfield is upside-down and swaying from side to side, unevenly. A thick trail of blo runs from the Father’s nose into one of his eyes, filling eye with blood. The Father blinks rapidly. He is being dragged by his feet through the field. A group of men are dragging him through the neat cornfiel The Father, now fully visible, is the same man that Sam s up in the main bedroom. The Father tries to twist away fr the men, who drag him into a small clearing. The men release the Father’s legs; he curls up on the gro breathing heavily. A large fly settles on a bloody spot o the side of his face. He swats at the fly. Another group of men stand in the clearing, many of whom holding rifles. They stare at the Father, their faces twi with anger and disgust. In front of the men stands a PREACHER, wearing the formal attire of the cloth. Behind the men is a tall wooden cross, with a scarecrow attached to it, in a position to survey the cornfield. Th preacher addresses the Father. (CONTINUED)
64) 4) dialog: Where they belong. The preacher leans closer to the Father, staring into his eyes.
64) 6) dialog: They had no mother. Not that you’d know. A look of confusion passes over the preacher’s face. Then looks up and nods to one of the men. The man leans down with a burlap sack, pulling it over th Father’s head. The Father struggles.
64) 7) dialog: No! Goddamn you! What are you doing? One of the men, holding a rifle, quickly steps forward, aiming his rifle at the father.
64) 17) dialog: I’m not going to die, if that’s what you’re hoping. The preacher looks up at him, then exchanges glances with several of the men.