7) 0) text: MacCready and one of the other soldiers are carrying the bags behind the counter when William and his men burst in the bank, drawing guns. Joseph grabs the security guard as the man reaches for hi revolver. They struggle for a moment, then Joseph breaks guard’s neck, dropping him to the floor, and pulls out a William aims his pistols at the men with the bags.
8) 0) text: Todd is standing in front of the bank with his gun drawn, other hand holding all six of the soldiers’ horses by the reins. He warily looks up and down the street. The dog st next to Todd, indifferent People are watching Todd, and the bank, but nobody is doi anything. Most people have run into buildings to hide, bu the rest are watching Todd, unnaturally. He returns their gaze, looking from face to face. William, Annabelle, Clyde, Joseph and Sam come running ou the bank. Todd turns to them, lifting the dog up into a saddlebag on one of the horses.
10) 19) dialog: (embarrassed) You better shut up. Clyde smiles, but is silent.
13) 25) dialog: Maybe a porcupine and a muskrat had a kid. Clyde looks at Joseph quickly, to see if he is kidding.
14) 0) text: The six work their way through the dark cornfield, pushin unruly stalks to the side. Sam, Joseph and Todd each hold lanterns, which do little good in the dense cornfield exc to create alarming shadows. The horses make nervous sound every now and then, but continue forward. Suddenly Annabelle, up ahead, gives a sharp cry. Joseph, and Clyde rush forward towards the sound of her voice. Annabelle is standing, one hand on her chest, in front of scarecrow. The scarecrow’s limbs are tied to a wooden cro with barbed wire. A canvas sack, filled with peculiar lum and shadows, forms the scarecrow’s head. Joseph looks up it.
14) 6) dialog: What smells funny?
14) 12) dialog: Not over this corn. Want me to climb up on my horse?
14) 31) dialog: I’1l1 do it, I don’t mind. The rest of the group tie their horses to the tree. Willi moves over, towards the house; the others follow. Sam tak step forward, then quickly steps back, looking at the gro
15) 0) text: William steps up onto the wooden porch. As Joseph steps u next to him, the boards beneath them creak ominously. Jos and William look at each other, then William takes Joseph lantern and steps into the house. Todd looks back at the horses, tied to the oak tree. The horses are silent. Todd moves up onto the porch.
16) 0) text: William’s lantern illuminates the front room of the house wooden table sits over in a corner of the room, surrounde several chairs. A thick layer of dust covers nearly everything. Joseph begins to step forward into the room, but William a hand across Joseph’s chest, stopping him. Joseph looks William, questioningly. William points the lantern down at the floor. Two pairs o footprints are imprinted in the dust on the wooden floor, large boot prints. The boot prints lead off into the dark of the house. Clyde and Todd have moved in behind William and Joseph.
18) 0) text: Clyde and Joseph cautiously make their way up the stairs Joseph in the lead.
18) 4) dialog: Think those guys are up here?
18) 6) dialog: I could crush them.
18) 8) dialog: Okay. INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - EVENING Joseph moves down the hallway, away from Clyde. Joseph op the door at the end of the hall and walks slowly into the room. Joseph looks around the sparse bedroom. Two small beds re against one wall. There is a dresser in the room, and a closet. Joseph carefully walks into the room, checking behind the beds. Nothing is there. He moves over to the closet door, somewhat nervous. Joseph turns the doorknob slowly and opens the closet doo shining his lantern in. The closet has a few sets of children’s clothes, including a small dress. The hanging clothes cast dark shadows inside the closet. Joseph pushes the clothes apart, to determine that nothin behind them. He breathes a slight sigh of relief when he nothing but wall and walks back through the bedroom. Just as Joseph reaches the doorway to the bedroom, a slig scratching sound comes from within the room. Joseph stops turns around, holding the lantern out. He appears to be a in the bedroom.
18) 9) dialog: Is anyone there? (CONTINUED)
18) 13) dialog: Oh, man... You scared me. Clyde pauses as they both catch their breath.
18) 15) dialog: Nah, nothing. Anything in yours?
18) 17) dialog: Okay. Clyde and Joseph walk down the hallway.
23) 0) text: Joseph and Clyde walk into the room from the kitchen at t same time as Sam, dimming their lanterns as they enter. C has something slung over his arm. Annabelle and William t to regard them.
26) 0) text: Joseph, Clyde, William and Annabelle step out of the back door of the house, facing the large barn. A stone well an outhouse are positioned near the side of the house. Betwe the house and the barn, two empty clotheslines hang betwe oak trees, swaying in the wind. (CONTINUED)
27) 0) text: The barn is large, with a loft. The lanterns William, Cly and Joseph hold illuminate the tall walls. Beneath the lo are three rooms, divided by wooden walls. These rooms eac contain thin mattresses on the floor.
27) 1) dialog: What’s that?
27) 9) dialog: Hold on! Joseph runs away, as William sits up, coughing. A moment later, Joseph runs into the barn again, carrying a bucket water. He throws the water onto the fire, dousing it. William rises to his feet, brushing himself off.
27) 22) dialog: Hey! William looks over at Joseph, who holds the object out. I a worn, damaged book, which appears to be bound in dark leather.
27) 23) dialog: I thought I saw something in there. It looks like a bible. Joseph flips through the book, then shuts it. Joseph hand the book to William, then examines one of his fingers and begins sucking on it. JOSEPH (CONT’D) Damn.
27) 25) dialog: Paper cut. (indicates the book) What’s it say? William flips through the pages of the book. There are no images, just page after page of indecipherable writing in dark ink. The writing appears to be Arabic.
28) 0) text: As William, Clyde, and Annabelle walk back into the house Joseph moves over to the well and ties the bucket back to rope, which hangs over a bar above the well.
29) 0) text: Todd and Sam are both drinking from the bottle of whiskey counting gold pieces at the table. Clyde nods at them as William, Annabelle and Joseph walk into the room from the porch. Annabelle sets the book down on the table, next to gold.
30) 0) text: Annabelle and William stand in the hallway, close to each other. Behind them, Todd, Sam, Clyde and Joseph are playi cards at the table, two half-empty bottles in front of th (CONTINUED)
32) 0) text: Joseph throws down his cards and stretches. Sam, Clyde an Todd continue covertly staring at their cards. Sam is sweating and pale.
32) 1) dialog: That’s it. I’m out.
32) 4) dialog: Aw, hell, I should get those horses into the barn before this storm gets any closer. (CONTINUED)
32) 8) dialog: I’m fine.
33) 0) text: Joseph leads three horses through the backyard, into the barn.
34) 0) text: Joseph ties the three horses next to the other three hors The horses seem somewhat calmer in the barn. One of them leans down to chew on some hay.
34) 1) dialog: There you go. I’1l go and get you some water, how’s that? Joseph pats one of the horses and exits the barn.
35) 0) text: Joseph walks up to the well, holding onto the bucket and with one hand. At the bottom of the well, a slight splash sound is audible, followed immediately by a small voice, of a child’s.
35) 2) dialog: Hello? The voice comes again, as if from the bottom of the well.
35) 6) dialog: (confused) Are you in the water down there?
35) 8) dialog: Are you okay?
35) 10) dialog: (to himself) My god. Joseph looks around, as if looking for help, then calls d into the well.
35) 11) dialog: Hang on just a second, kid. I’m lowering a bucket down, okay? No sound comes from the bottom of the well. JOSEPH (CONT’D) Okay?
35) 13) dialog: Okay. Don’t worry, I’11 pull you up out of there in just a moment (to himself, angry) Then we’1l talk about what the hell’s going on here. The rope goes slack in Joseph’s hands.
35) 14) dialog: Can you see the bucket? It’s down there. (pause) Have you got it? The rope is pulled taut again. Joseph grips it with one h
35) 18) dialog: Okay. Now just hold on to that bucket, alright? Joseph begins pulling the bucket up, dragging up the rope hand over hand. The child clearly weighs more than Joseph expected, and he grits his teeth as he pulls. JOSEPH (CONT’D) (to himself) Jesus. Joseph begins dragging the bucket back up, straining agai the rope.
35) 19) dialog: (calling out) How are you doing? There is no response from the well. Joseph continues pull the bucket up. JOSEPH (CONT’D) Almost there... Joseph reaches forward into the darkness of the well, to hold of the rope, and a child’s small hand reaches out fr the darkness, grabbing onto Joseph’s wrist. Joseph’s eyes widen in surprise. Quickly, Joseph is yanked off his feet, down into the wel The bucket moves with him, the rope twisting after it. Th is a large splashing sound, then silence from within the well. The wind tosses the grass around the well. Lightning flas
59) 13) dialog: Hey, Clyde! Clyde looks up at the sound of Joseph’s voice. He rises t his feet and rapidly crosses over to the window. Lightnin flashes. Outside, just next to the cornfield, Joseph is standing, looking up at Clyde’s window. He is crouched over, hunche like an animal. Joseph looks up at Clyde over his shoulde out of the corners of his eyes. The lightning subsides an the yard goes dark again. Clyde lifts up the window sash, looking outside.