3) 2) text: The soldiers wait, looking around the bank, as the teller hurries away behind the window. Aside from themselves and woman at the other window, there are no other customers i the bank. A rough-looking man stands next to the door, a large four-chamber revolver stuck prominently into his be obviously representing security. A door in the wall rattles and a middle-aged man steps ou wearing spectacles. He moves towards the soldiers solicitously, the old teller following him. The tall sold looks at the man levelly. TALL SOLDIER (CONT’D) You MacCready?
3) 3) dialog: Yes, I am. Fred MacCready’s my name. How may I help you gentlemen?
3) 5) dialog: (hesitates) Did the corporal give you any message for me? The tall soldier takes a folded piece of paper from his pocket and hands it to MacCready. MacCready unfolds the p and nervously looks at it.
5) 0) text: MacCready faces the four soldiers inside the bank, cheerf pocketing the note.
5) 1) dialog: Well, it looks like everything’s in order, then. You understand my having to check. Security these days. The tall soldier looks at him, unsmiling.
5) 3) dialog: The best in the state... But first, I’1l need you to sign for this.
5) 5) dialog: (faltering) Well... I mean, you will want a receipt for it, won’t you?
7) 0) text: MacCready and one of the other soldiers are carrying the bags behind the counter when William and his men burst in the bank, drawing guns. Joseph grabs the security guard as the man reaches for hi revolver. They struggle for a moment, then Joseph breaks guard’s neck, dropping him to the floor, and pulls out a William aims his pistols at the men with the bags.
7) 2) text: The soldier who was moving the bags with MacCready is twitching on the ground, gasping, still alive. William an Clyde both notice this. Clyde begins pouring gun powder f a paper packet into the barrel of his pistol, but William sighs, steps forward, and takes out a hunting knife. He w over to the soldier and stabs him in the chest William stands up, surveying the room. His eyes meet the girl’s and he smiles.