7) 4) dialog: Quick work, Annabelle. You cut him? I didn’t even see it.
8) 0) text: Todd is standing in front of the bank with his gun drawn, other hand holding all six of the soldiers’ horses by the reins. He warily looks up and down the street. The dog st next to Todd, indifferent People are watching Todd, and the bank, but nobody is doi anything. Most people have run into buildings to hide, bu the rest are watching Todd, unnaturally. He returns their gaze, looking from face to face. William, Annabelle, Clyde, Joseph and Sam come running ou the bank. Todd turns to them, lifting the dog up into a saddlebag on one of the horses.
9) 0) text: The six ride their horses quickly, Sam next to William. T dog is riding in Sam’s saddlebag, and Sam feeds it a piec dried beef. (CONTINUED)
9) 2) dialog: Good boy, Dog. (to William) How many do you think’1l be after us?
9) 5) dialog: Just in the shoulder. I don’t think it’s real bad, I can move it around okay, it ain’t near the bone or nothing. We’1ll get it out later. William looks like he wants to say more, but turns away a urges his horse on faster.
10) 0) text: The six carefully work their way through a dim, wooded ar carefully guiding their horses through trees. Sam’s shirt sleeve is red with blood, but the bleeding seems to have stopped and Sam is greedily eating an apple. Annabelle and William ride near the front, conversing quietly. Annabelle is holding a compass, watching the nee sway. Todd moves his horse up next to them.
11) 23) dialog: Yeah?
11) 25) dialog: You sure?
12) 0) text: The road is getting narrower and increasingly covered wit tall grass, bent down in some areas but seemingly untouch in others. Annabelle and William can barely ride alongsid each other. Sam is riding in front of them, slowly, with running alongside Sam’s horse, visible in the lantern’s circle of light.
12) 7) dialog: Hey!
12) 9) dialog: Well, look at this. Sam lifts up his lantern in front of him as the others cr around him, taking their horses into the field, which is suddenly thin and rocky. A creek, about fifteen feet wide bubbles in front of them, its waters black by the lantern light.
12) 11) dialog: (to Dog) C’mere, girl. Sam lifts Dog up into his saddlebag, then rides out into creek. The water, though moving at a good speed, is only about a foot and a half deep. William nudges his horse forward, into the water, looking down.
13) 3) dialog: Well. Looks like a nice place. Sam climbs off his horse, holding its reins. The horse sh away, and Sam pets it, hushing it. Annabelle and William climb off their horses. Annabelle watches the house carefully. In one of the wind of the house, a previously indistinguishable shape sudden shifts and disappears from the window. Annabelle, seeing this, involuntarily takes a step back.
13) 7) dialog: I’m sure there was something in one of the windows. That whole place has got to be filled with all kinds of critters. Probably saw a bird or something.
13) 15) dialog: It looks like some kind of giant rat.
13) 17) dialog: How do you think I knew where to shoot at? Annabelle softly walks over to the creature and kicks its side, barely. The creature is still. SAM (CONT’D) (to William) You all right? William stiffens slightly, regaining his composure.
13) 28) dialog: Yeah?
14) 0) text: The six work their way through the dark cornfield, pushin unruly stalks to the side. Sam, Joseph and Todd each hold lanterns, which do little good in the dense cornfield exc to create alarming shadows. The horses make nervous sound every now and then, but continue forward. Suddenly Annabelle, up ahead, gives a sharp cry. Joseph, and Clyde rush forward towards the sound of her voice. Annabelle is standing, one hand on her chest, in front of scarecrow. The scarecrow’s limbs are tied to a wooden cro with barbed wire. A canvas sack, filled with peculiar lum and shadows, forms the scarecrow’s head. Joseph looks up it.
14) 5) dialog: It’s creepy, alright. Todd and Clyde stare up at the scarecrow skeptically. Dog stands next to him. Joseph sniffs the air.
14) 11) dialog: What direction is the house in? Hey, Joseph, can you see the house?
14) 13) dialog: William, you know what direction we’re headed in? William looks back at him, then points ahead, to the left (CONTINUED)
14) 17) dialog: You sure? I would’ve thought we’d be there by now.
14) 19) dialog: I guess that’s about right. They work their way through the field. One of the horses whinnies. SAM (CONT’D) Damn, it’s quiet.
14) 32) dialog: Hell...
14) 34) dialog: I just stepped on a bird. A dead, slightly decayed bird rests on the ground. Sam examines the sole of his boot. SAM (CONT’D) That’s a first. Sam looks around. Another dead bird rests on the ground, few feet away. Dog sniffs at it. SAM (CONT’D) Look, there’s another one! Annabelle is clearly not very interested in this.
14) 36) dialog: There must be, like, cats around here or something. (CONTINUED)
14) 40) dialog: Sure thing. (to Dog) Come on, Dog! Sam follows Annabelle up towards the house. Dog, after a moment, trots after him.
16) 12) dialog: It’s fine. It can wait.
16) 21) dialog: Don’t worry about that.
16) 23) dialog: Maybe we scared them off.
16) 28) dialog: Yeah, that doesn’t look too good, does it?
21) 0) text: Annabelle pulls a small lump of metal out from Sam’s shoulder, using a pair of thin pliers. Sam grits his teet his eyes clenched shut.
21) 2) dialog: Christ. (CONTINUED)
21) 6) dialog: You got anything to bandage it up with?
21) 8) dialog: Shit! Ow! Annabelle takes another drink of whiskey, then passes the bottle back over to Sam, who stares at her resentfully.
21) 10) dialog: You could’ve told me you were going to do that.
21) 12) dialog: What?
21) 16) dialog: Yeah? Both Annabelle and Sam look over at the front door, which slightly open. A breeze moves the front door open a few inches. Behind them, William and Todd walk into the room. William nods over to Sam.
21) 18) dialog: Just splendid.
22) 0) text: Sam steps out onto the porch and looks around. There is nothing on the porch. It is almost completely dark outsid and he can see very little. He squints into the darkness then turns and walks back into the front room.
23) 0) text: Joseph and Clyde walk into the room from the kitchen at t same time as Sam, dimming their lanterns as they enter. C has something slung over his arm. Annabelle and William t to regard them.
23) 2) dialog: Deserters?
23) 9) dialog: Still, we should check out that barn now, just to be sure. (CONTINUED)
23) 15) dialog: I’ll take the first shift. I’m not tired.
23) 24) dialog: (to Dog) What the hell’s wrong with you? Dog does not acknowledge Sam. Suddenly Dog leaps back wit yelp, turns and runs out of the house. Sam rises to his f moving after Dog. SAM (CONT’D) Hey! Dog! Get back here! Sam steps forward, but clutches his shoulder, wincing. SAM (CONT’D) Damn... Annabelle moves over to Sam.
23) 26) dialog: Yeah, I’m fine... I just got a little dizzy there. Let me sit down. Sam sits back in his chair. Clyde and William move outsid William turning up his lantern.
25) 0) text: William looks at Sam, who is still seated. Sam is playing with the gold coins.
25) 4) dialog: Yeah, I’m fine, I just got a little queasy. I must have lost more blood than I thought.
25) 6) dialog: Yeah. I might pass out, but I won’t be falling asleep. (pause) Just kidding. In the distance, thunder rumbles. They look up at the sou
25) 9) dialog: But if the ground gets muddy, we could leave tracks that’1l last for days. William smiles at Sam.
29) 0) text: Todd and Sam are both drinking from the bottle of whiskey counting gold pieces at the table. Clyde nods at them as William, Annabelle and Joseph walk into the room from the porch. Annabelle sets the book down on the table, next to gold.
30) 0) text: Annabelle and William stand in the hallway, close to each other. Behind them, Todd, Sam, Clyde and Joseph are playi cards at the table, two half-empty bottles in front of th (CONTINUED)
32) 0) text: Joseph throws down his cards and stretches. Sam, Clyde an Todd continue covertly staring at their cards. Sam is sweating and pale.
36) 0) text: Clyde reacts to the lightning, looking around. Sam and To are still playing cards.
36) 5) dialog: I don’t know. This wound’s kind of itching.
36) 7) dialog: Yeah. (pause) What the hell is taking Joseph? Todd looks up. The three exchange glances.
37) 0) text: Todd, Sam and Clyde walk out into the backyard, holding g looking around.
38) 1) dialog: Hey, William! William grimaces, then carefully extricates himself from Annabelle’s arms. Annabelle moans in her sleep and rolls over. William quickly slips his pants on and walks to the bedroom door.
39) 0) text: William steps out of the bedroom. Sam is standing there, looking anxious. Sam’s face is pale.
39) 4) dialog: Joseph disappeared.
39) 6) dialog: He’s gone. He went out to take the horses to the barn and he never came back. We all just went around looking for him.
39) 8) dialog: Nothing.
39) 10) dialog: None that I could see. William frowns for a moment.
42) 0) text: William and Sam walk off the porch, into the front yard. gestures to the rear of the house.
42) 1) dialog: Clyde and Todd are back there. William walks off quickly, towards the rear of the house. stands in the front yard for a moment. He rubs softly at shoulder, wincing. The fabric of Sam’s shirt is dark and in a small circle just over his bandage. (CONTINUED)
43) 0) text: William, Todd and Clyde are standing near the well, looki dejected, as Sam quickly walks up to them, still covered a thin sheen of sweat.
43) 5) dialog: I’m way ahead of you there. (CONTINUED)
43) 9) dialog: I think... Nevermind. (shakes head) I heard Dog in the cornfield and I went after him. I guess I got a little lost turned out I wasn’t headed in the direction I thought I was. Got turned around.
44) 0) text: William, Sam and Todd sit in the living room. William thr a knife at the wall; the knife plunges into the wood. Wil rises to his feet, crosses over to the knife and takes it of the wall. He then walks back to his chair and throws h knife at the wall again.
44) 1) dialog: You should get some sleep.
48) 0) text: Annabelle’s scream is audible from upstairs. William, Sam Todd react, then run out of the room for the stairs, Will in the lead.
49) 0) text: Annabelle is standing in the corner of the room, facing t open bedroom door. William runs into the doorway, Todd an Sam coming up behind him.
49) 14) dialog: He couldn’t have gone downstairs, we would’ve passed him.
49) 20) dialog: Yeah. I’m just feeling a little tired.
53) 0) text: Sam lies in bed, sweating, looking up at the ceiling. He looks down at the foot of his bed. As Sam watches, the older boy child, the same one that Annabelle saw, slowly rises up from the foot of the bed a looks at Sam, putting his hands on the mattress. The boy’ eyes and mouth are dark holes. Sam stares at the boy, frozen with fear. The older boy addresses Sam calmly:
53) 2) dialog: Our father who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name... Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I shall fear no evil, for thou art with me. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done. Amen. When Sam opens his eyes, a large man is standing in the corner of the room, barely visible in the darkness. (CONTINUED)
53) 6) dialog: Sure... Sure, I understand. The man stops. Then he slowly turns and looks at Sam.
58) 0) text: William and Annabelle are still asleep, in the same positions. At the table, Todd’s head is resting on one ha his arm propped up on the table. The lantern next to him been turned down low. Todd blinks, very slowly. His eyelids close, then he open his eyes wide, looking around quickly. Nothing in the roo different. Todd’s eyes slowly start to shut again. He blinks twice, his eyelids close.
59) 1) text: Todd moves his face closer to the glass, but cannot see anything in the darkness outside; all he can see is his reflection in the window. Todd stares at his reflection brushing slightly at his hair. Just then, lightning flashes, illuminating the outside wo Sam is facing the other side of the window, looking in at Todd from the outside. Todd jumps back with a yell as the sound of thunder cracks against the house. On the outside of the house, Sam’s face is directly in fr of Todd’s, looking straight into Todd’s eyes, twisted int mask of hate. They are separated only by the pane of glas Sam’s hair is matted and his clothes are drenched by the rain. Sam runs to the side, then the outside world goes dark ag as the lightning ends. Todd fumbles with his lantern, tur it up higher, and holds it to the window. He can see noth outside. Todd pants, catching his breath. He moves over to another window, calling out:
63) 0) text: Sam sits at the table. He has the book in his hands and f through the pages, pausing occasionally. After a moment, slowly looks down at Annabelle, sleeping on the floor
63) 1) dialog: Annabelle... (CONTINUED)
63) 5) dialog: I’m reading. Annabelle smiles at Sam, then, when he continues to look the pages of the book, frowns, puzzled.
63) 7) dialog: Yes. Annabelle straightens her back, tilting her head to see S better.
63) 9) dialog: It’s about how to contact the Old Ones.
63) 11) dialog: The Old Ones, I said. Most think of them as spirits. They can walk between worlds and time is different for them. When they appear in our world, they mostly show themselves as animals, unless they are given greater power. Because they walk between worlds, their physical power is limited in each one. They should not be given mortal power, the power to change us, unless they can be controlled. (CONTINUED)
63) 14) dialog: I just got to that part. Annabelle rubs her eyes and speaks slowly.
63) 16) dialog: The hole in my shoulder hurts. I think something might be wrong. Annabelle sits up on the floor, stretching.
63) 18) dialog: It doesn’t smell so good, huh?
63) 20) dialog: I don’t know. (CONTINUED)
63) 24) dialog: (smiles) It doesn’t hurt anymore, ‘Belle. Annabelle looks up at him.
63) 26) dialog: Here, I want to show you something.
63) 28) dialog: Here.
63) 30) dialog: Okay. Sam lowers his head, looking down at the floor. He then l up at Annabelle. Sam’s green eyes are dark and his voice thick. SAM (CONT’D) Don’t you want to know what they did to me? Annabelle takes a glass vial from her bag, and begins dra fluid from the vial into a syringe. (CONTINUED)
63) 34) dialog: The preacher said shooting’s too good for me. (Sam shows his teeth) They just left me up there to rot for what I did. Them and the Old Ones. They left me here. Forever. Annabelle taps the syringe.
63) 36) dialog: (hissing) Stop calling me that. Annabelle gasps, then blinks. Her eyes roll up into her h and her body goes rigid.
64) 0) text: From the Father’s POV, the cornfield is upside-down and swaying from side to side, unevenly. A thick trail of blo runs from the Father’s nose into one of his eyes, filling eye with blood. The Father blinks rapidly. He is being dragged by his feet through the field. A group of men are dragging him through the neat cornfiel The Father, now fully visible, is the same man that Sam s up in the main bedroom. The Father tries to twist away fr the men, who drag him into a small clearing. The men release the Father’s legs; he curls up on the gro breathing heavily. A large fly settles on a bloody spot o the side of his face. He swats at the fly. Another group of men stand in the clearing, many of whom holding rifles. They stare at the Father, their faces twi with anger and disgust. In front of the men stands a PREACHER, wearing the formal attire of the cloth. Behind the men is a tall wooden cross, with a scarecrow attached to it, in a position to survey the cornfield. Th preacher addresses the Father. (CONTINUED)
65) 0) text: Annabelle jerks in her chair, staring around the room wil Across from her, Sam is slumped back in his chair, his ey shut. His arms hang limply at his sides. Annabelle scoots her chair away from the table and vomits onto the floor.
72) 0) text: Sam’s chair is empty. William, Todd and Annabelle look ar the deserted room.