6) 0) text: The four soldiers on horseback approach the two soldiers outside the bank. The man in front, with his horse being by the black man, has dark hair and eyes and is chewing tobacco. This is WILLIAM. The black man, TODD, is slender, and watches the two soldiers, unblinking. The blonde soldier addresses Willia somewhat hesitantly. (CONTINUED)
8) 0) text: Todd is standing in front of the bank with his gun drawn, other hand holding all six of the soldiers’ horses by the reins. He warily looks up and down the street. The dog st next to Todd, indifferent People are watching Todd, and the bank, but nobody is doi anything. Most people have run into buildings to hide, bu the rest are watching Todd, unnaturally. He returns their gaze, looking from face to face. William, Annabelle, Clyde, Joseph and Sam come running ou the bank. Todd turns to them, lifting the dog up into a saddlebag on one of the horses.
8) 1) dialog: About fucking time. They each leap up onto a horse, grabbing the reins and ta their horses off down the street at a gallop. Ahead of th three men in Confederate uniforms run out of a grocery st aiming rifles.
10) 0) text: The six carefully work their way through a dim, wooded ar carefully guiding their horses through trees. Sam’s shirt sleeve is red with blood, but the bleeding seems to have stopped and Sam is greedily eating an apple. Annabelle and William ride near the front, conversing quietly. Annabelle is holding a compass, watching the nee sway. Todd moves his horse up next to them.
10) 1) dialog: We lost?
10) 4) dialog: Who runs this place we’re staying at tonight?
10) 6) dialog: No one?
10) 14) dialog: What if some folks moved in there?
10) 16) dialog: How’s your brother doing? William glances over at Sam.
11) 12) dialog: I don’t know. You got a lantern? eyes are narrowed and cold. (CONTINUED)
11) 19) dialog: We ain’t near no swamp.
12) 10) dialog: Well, what the hell.
13) 14) dialog: What the hell is that? The creature has soft white fur on its stomach, but has a like snout, long claws, and a bald, pink tail. The hair o its back is thick and bristled. The creature shakes for a moment, bleeding from its back, its legs pivoting, then i still. Dog quiets down.
13) 16) dialog: Yeah, right. Did you see its eyes?
13) 19) dialog: It ain’t breathing.
13) 22) dialog: Built almost like a baby bear, a little. (CONTINUED)
14) 0) text: The six work their way through the dark cornfield, pushin unruly stalks to the side. Sam, Joseph and Todd each hold lanterns, which do little good in the dense cornfield exc to create alarming shadows. The horses make nervous sound every now and then, but continue forward. Suddenly Annabelle, up ahead, gives a sharp cry. Joseph, and Clyde rush forward towards the sound of her voice. Annabelle is standing, one hand on her chest, in front of scarecrow. The scarecrow’s limbs are tied to a wooden cro with barbed wire. A canvas sack, filled with peculiar lum and shadows, forms the scarecrow’s head. Joseph looks up it.
14) 7) dialog: (to Annabelle) You want us to take it down?
14) 9) dialog: All right. William coughs and spits.
14) 20) dialog: I know. Clyde is in the lead, gruffly shoving his way through the cornstalks. He suddenly stumbles out of the cornfield and finds himself facing the house. The house is worn, its boards bleached by exposure to the elements. The windows are dark. The front door leans open
14) 28) dialog: The horses are acting weird.
14) 30) dialog: Huh. Well, someone should rub them down later, if they’re gonna be any good tomorrow.
15) 0) text: William steps up onto the wooden porch. As Joseph steps u next to him, the boards beneath them creak ominously. Jos and William look at each other, then William takes Joseph lantern and steps into the house. Todd looks back at the horses, tied to the oak tree. The horses are silent. Todd moves up onto the porch.
16) 0) text: William’s lantern illuminates the front room of the house wooden table sits over in a corner of the room, surrounde several chairs. A thick layer of dust covers nearly everything. Joseph begins to step forward into the room, but William a hand across Joseph’s chest, stopping him. Joseph looks William, questioningly. William points the lantern down at the floor. Two pairs o footprints are imprinted in the dust on the wooden floor, large boot prints. The boot prints lead off into the dark of the house. Clyde and Todd have moved in behind William and Joseph.
16) 2) dialog: It’s probably just some tramps. I’d settle here, if I was them. Let’s look around and find ‘em. William looks at Todd. (CONTINUED)
16) 8) dialog: They might be out in that old barn. That looked big enough.
17) 0) text: William and Todd look around the kitchen. Todd opens the stove and sifts the ashes inside.
17) 1) dialog: This hasn’t been used anytime soon.
17) 3) dialog: Let’s keep moving.
19) 5) dialog: Yeah? William reacts to Todd’s voice with visible relief.
19) 7) dialog: There’s a door here, I’m trying to get it open. William moves forward, towards Todd’s voice.
20) 0) text: William moves into a hallway, where Todd has his shoulder braced against a thick wooden door.
20) 1) dialog: This looks like it might go down toa fruit cellar or something, it’s in the right place for it.
20) 3) dialog: Nah, it’s like there’s something up against it. William places his lantern on the floor and moves to the door, next to Todd. (CONTINUED)
20) 7) dialog: It doesn’t feel like it’s locked or anything, though; the door gives near the handle.
20) 9) dialog: Yeah. Todd puts his head against the door, listening, then taps it with his hand.
20) 11) dialog: Sure.
21) 21) dialog: We should start lighting these lanterns around here. Todd indicates two lanterns, mounted on the wall.
21) 23) dialog: They’ve still got oil in them.
23) 13) dialog: It’s nothing to me.
23) 17) dialog: This place isn’t exactly turning out to be the safe haven we hoped for.
23) 19) dialog: What the hell? Dog continues growling and edging away from whatever has attention in the corner. William and Clyde move over to s at the corner of the room from Dog’s angle.
24) 10) dialog: He’s not out there?
24) 12) dialog: Never like the hounds of hell were after him.
25) 7) dialog: That’s just great.
27) 32) dialog: I wonder who left it here.
29) 0) text: Todd and Sam are both drinking from the bottle of whiskey counting gold pieces at the table. Clyde nods at them as William, Annabelle and Joseph walk into the room from the porch. Annabelle sets the book down on the table, next to gold.
29) 2) dialog: I got two more bottles.
30) 0) text: Annabelle and William stand in the hallway, close to each other. Behind them, Todd, Sam, Clyde and Joseph are playi cards at the table, two half-empty bottles in front of th (CONTINUED)
32) 0) text: Joseph throws down his cards and stretches. Sam, Clyde an Todd continue covertly staring at their cards. Sam is sweating and pale.
32) 2) dialog: Wise decision. Wiser than our friends here, who are going to lose their share before they even get to count it. Clyde chuckles.
36) 2) dialog: Hey, Sam, you okay there? Sam is rubbing at his collarbone. (CONTINUED)
36) 6) dialog: That means it’s healing.
37) 0) text: Todd, Sam and Clyde walk out into the backyard, holding g looking around.
37) 2) dialog: I’1l check the barn.
43) 0) text: William, Todd and Clyde are standing near the well, looki dejected, as Sam quickly walks up to them, still covered a thin sheen of sweat.
43) 2) dialog: I sure hope so. I’d hate to think of anything that could take Joseph without making enough noise for us to hear. Clyde cups his hands and shouts into the wind:
44) 0) text: William, Sam and Todd sit in the living room. William thr a knife at the wall; the knife plunges into the wood. Wil rises to his feet, crosses over to the knife and takes it of the wall. He then walks back to his chair and throws h knife at the wall again.
48) 0) text: Annabelle’s scream is audible from upstairs. William, Sam Todd react, then run out of the room for the stairs, Will in the lead.
49) 0) text: Annabelle is standing in the corner of the room, facing t open bedroom door. William runs into the doorway, Todd an Sam coming up behind him.
49) 12) dialog: We’re the only ones on this floor. He’s not here. William stares at him.
49) 15) dialog: I don’t know. A lot of these big houses have passageways. William and Annabelle both look around the walls, nervous (CONTINUED)
50) 0) text: William, Annabelle and Todd walk out onto the front porch The wind tears at the branches of a tree in front of them
50) 1) dialog: This is turning out to be a hell of a night.
50) 9) dialog: Yeah, I might look around myself.
50) 12) dialog: He was going to the outhouse.
52) 0) text: Todd sits at the table, in front of several stacks of gol coins. Todd drinks from a bottle of whiskey. A sudden noise comes from the hallway nearby. Todd starts then looks into the hallway, seeing nothing.
55) 2) dialog: Thought I heard a noise back here, near the basement door. Guess I was wrong. Anything happening?
55) 5) dialog: You should’ve shot it. Then at least we'd have something fresh to eat. William sits down on the floor, heavily, and begins rolli cigarette. Annabelle sits down next to William. She reach for the book, flips through it, then sets it back down on table. She then lightly rests her head on William’s shoul
56) 4) dialog: Shhh. You’11 wake the dead with your pernicious lies. Clyde grins at William and Annabelle.
56) 6) dialog: Sure you are. Or maybe you don’t want to lose any more gold?
56) 8) dialog: Nonsense.
56) 10) dialog: Sure. I think you could use it. You’re getting grouchy. Clyde looks at Todd askance, then rises from the table an begins moving towards the stairs. TODD (CONT’D) You’re sleeping upstairs?
56) 12) dialog: I guess. (CONTINUED)
57) 0) text: Todd flips a gold coin languidly across the fingers of on hand, looking slowly around the room. He yawns, then pull out his gun and begins cleaning it.
58) 0) text: William and Annabelle are still asleep, in the same positions. At the table, Todd’s head is resting on one ha his arm propped up on the table. The lantern next to him been turned down low. Todd blinks, very slowly. His eyelids close, then he open his eyes wide, looking around quickly. Nothing in the roo different. Todd’s eyes slowly start to shut again. He blinks twice, his eyelids close.
58) 1) text: A thumping noise comes from beyond the kitchen. Todd’s ey fly open and he sits up straight, looking towards the kitchen. Todd swiftly surveys the room, then slumps back in his ch rubbing at his face. The noise comes again, from somewhere on the other side o the house, and Todd jumps to his feet, his eyes narrowed. Todd looks down at William and Annabelle, who are still asleep. He then walks past them, into the kitchen. 63.
59) 0) text: Todd walks through the dark kitchen, holding his lantern one hand, his gun in the other. He walks into the corrido stopping near the door to the basement. Todd looks around. The windows facing outside are dark though the sound of the rainstorm can still be heard. The wind whistles and rain splatters against the glass windowpanes. Todd turns around and faces the door to the basement. He the handle to his lantern between his teeth, reaches down grips the doorknob. Slowly, Todd turns the doorknob. Todd pushes on the door. It does not budge. He leans agai the door, still holding onto the doorknob, but the door w not move. Todd sighs and releases the doorknob. He steps across the corridor, to one of the windows. Todd raises his lantern, only illuminates the water against the glass.
59) 1) text: Todd moves his face closer to the glass, but cannot see anything in the darkness outside; all he can see is his reflection in the window. Todd stares at his reflection brushing slightly at his hair. Just then, lightning flashes, illuminating the outside wo Sam is facing the other side of the window, looking in at Todd from the outside. Todd jumps back with a yell as the sound of thunder cracks against the house. On the outside of the house, Sam’s face is directly in fr of Todd’s, looking straight into Todd’s eyes, twisted int mask of hate. They are separated only by the pane of glas Sam’s hair is matted and his clothes are drenched by the rain. Sam runs to the side, then the outside world goes dark ag as the lightning ends. Todd fumbles with his lantern, tur it up higher, and holds it to the window. He can see noth outside. Todd pants, catching his breath. He moves over to another window, calling out:
59) 2) dialog: Sam! There is no response. (CONTINUED)
60) 0) text: Todd reaches the bottom of the basement stairs, sweating. murmurs to himself, softly:
60) 1) dialog: I know you’re in here. The floor of the cellar is earth; the walls of the cellar comprised of damp stone. Todd holds both the lantern and out in front of his body, turning around, surveying the basement, which is too dark to see across. Todd begins to move past the staircase, keeping his back to the wall. In the center of the room, on the cracked, earthen floor, precise pentagram, approximately five feet in diameter, h been drawn in yellow paint or chalk. Inexplicable symbols surround the pentagram. Four posts have been driven into the floor along the circumference of the pentagram, forming a square. Above t pentagram, lines of rope have been hung from floorboards, if for drying food. Todd glances at this, then slowly moves to the other side the stairwell, still carefully keeping his back to the wa On the other side of the basement, the space is equally b Todd moves closer, looking around. Against the stone wall, a set of iron shackles, with cuff has been nailed into the stone. Todd frowns at this, then turns away. The only other object in the room is a short, squat woode chair. Todd moves closer to the chair, shining his lanter it. The chair has thick leather straps bound to its arms the two front chair legs. Next to the chair, on the floor, is a piece of hide, roll into a tube. Todd kicks lightly at the hide, unrolling it The hide contains several metal tools, all in various sta of decay and rust. Many of the tools are sharp and pointe Some are recognizable, such as a pair of pliers and a bal peen hammer, while others are not. Next to the chair, on the ground, lies a small, white obj Todd glances back at the chair, then kneels down and pick the object. It appears to be a broken piece of bone or to Todd drops it, disgusted. Todd quickly backs away from the chair, still peering aro the room, heading back towards the stairwell. A sharp voi suddenly comes from the other side of the cellar. (CONTINUED)
60) 5) dialog: Who did this to you? How the hell did you get there?
60) 7) dialog: What’s going on here?
60) 9) dialog: Shit... You’re bound with dried rawhide. The woman’s hands are indeed swollen and purple. The rawh is cutting into the flesh of her wrists.
60) 13) dialog: (grim) I know it. (he stares at her) How long have you been down here?
60) 15) dialog: Okay. I’m going to go to the other side of the stairwell and get something to try to cut this with... Todd trails off, as the woman has focused her eyes on something across the room from them. Her face is frozen i terror, her mouth open.
60) 17) dialog: I don’t see anything. The woman ignores him. She is breathing quickly, her eyes still riveted on a spot about a yard in front of her legs There is still nothing visible there.
67) 19) dialog: Didn’t you... Didn’t you hear the screaming?
67) 23) dialog: The screaming. Didn’t you hear it?
67) 25) dialog: I think I’m going insane.
67) 27) dialog: I don’t ever want to talk about that. Ever. Todd takes another drink. TODD (CONT’D) What’s the deal with Sam?
67) 29) dialog: How the hell did that happen? William steps forward, towards Todd.
67) 31) dialog: I don’t know what you’re talking about.
67) 35) dialog: Where’s the gold, William?
67) 38) dialog: Where’s the gold, William? The very tip of a scalpel blade gently enters the side of Todd’s neck, just under his earlobe. Todd goes stiff.
67) 40) dialog: I’11 kill him, Annabelle.
67) 44) dialog: You lousy, filthy, double-crossing bastards.
67) 46) dialog: That doesn’t make it yours.
67) 48) dialog: If you didn’t take the gold, who did?
67) 50) dialog: I didn’t fucking take it. Where would I put it? Annabelle looks at William.
67) 55) dialog: Well, I guess if you were planning to kill me and take the money, you would have just done it.
67) 57) dialog: I know we’ve got bigger problems than that money. We need to get the hell out of here.
67) 59) dialog: Where’s Clyde?
67) 61) dialog: (softly) Can you hear that?
67) 63) dialog: That voice. Can you hear it? William and Annabelle look at each other, then at Todd. TODD (CONT’D) You can’t hear it? Out there in the storm. It’s speaking right now. Listen. Todd cocks his head to the side, listens, then shakes his head. (CONTINUED)
67) 67) dialog: (sighs) Okay, let’s forget Clyde then, he’s gone. Let’s get on our horses and get the fuck out of here. Right now.
67) 69) dialog: Yes, without the gold.
67) 71) dialog: I don’t care what you decide. I’m getting out of here. Todd grabs Sam’s pistol and the half-empty bottle of whis He looks at William. TODD (CONT’D) I’ll take these, if you don’t mind. Without another word, Todd storms out of the front room, through the front door. William and Annabelle look at eac other, then quickly head out after him.
68) 0) text: Todd rapidly walks through the side yard, almost running through the rain. William and Annabelle hurry after him.
69) 0) text: Todd, in the lead, comes to an abrupt stop in the entranc the barn. William and Annabelle almost collide with him.
69) 3) dialog: Looks like I’m walking. Todd glares at a horse’s severed head. The horse’s eyes a open, and its tongue sticks out of its mouth. TODD (CONT’D) What are you looking at? Todd throws the leg at the horse’s head, but misses. TODD (CONT’D) Ugly son of a bitch.
69) 5) dialog: No. I’m not. Todd turns away from William. (CONTINUED)
69) 8) dialog: If you’d seen what I saw, you’d know what’s going on here.
69) 10) dialog: You’d fucking know something, that’s for sure. William looks over at Annabelle.
69) 12) dialog: (screaming) What the hell could do this to the horses, William? Todd points at William and Annabelle, his arm rigid. TODD (CONT’D) There are things that exist alongside us things that were once like us but just kept going, who live not in the places we know but in the spaces between them. Do you think it matters how big they are? There is a silence. Thunder rumbles. Todd pauses, lowerin his arm. TODD (CONT’D) Listen! Todd crouches down slightly. From no visible source, a VO begins speaking to Todd. The voice speaks softly, slurrin its words together.
69) 16) dialog: Please... Please, William, Annabelle... Can you hear it? William looks at Annabelle, who shakes her head at Todd. looks around the barn, listening to the voice, shaking.
69) 19) dialog: (to Annabelle) It’s up in the loft...
69) 21) dialog: Stop talking! The voice is silent. Todd stares around the barn. William Annabelle are watching him. Todd looks back up at the lof Nothing is there. (CONTINUED)
69) 25) dialog: I can’t trust my own eyes anymore, I think. Todd gestures at the horses. TODD (CONT’D) Did this... Did this really happen?
69) 27) dialog: There’s worse things than dying, you know.
70) 0) text: William, Annabelle and Todd stand by the well. William lo up into the rain. Todd reaches for the rope to the well’s bucket. He pulls it, trying to pull the rope up, but cannot. The bucket appears to be stuck on something. Frustrated, Todd throws down the rope, lifts his head to the sky and opens his mo drinking the rain.
70) 8) dialog: I don’t think you want that at all.
70) 11) dialog: (shivering) Are you fucking kidding me? You want to look for the gold, William, that’s fine. I’m sure it’s somewhere around here. Good luck with that. I just want to get out of here and forget everything about this place. Then I’1l be happy forever. (pause) Shit. Annabelle puts her hand on William’s chest.
71) 0) text: Todd, Annabelle and William reach the front yard. William stops, looking into the house.
71) 2) dialog: Hurry. (CONTINUED)
72) 0) text: Sam’s chair is empty. William, Todd and Annabelle look ar the deserted room.
72) 1) dialog: They took his body. Let’s go.
72) 3) dialog: Lots of reasons. How should I know? Annabelle looks sharply at William.
72) 8) dialog: He looked pretty dead, man.
72) 10) dialog: He didn’t look like he was about to start walking anywhere.
72) 14) dialog: I agree with you there, William. And I think we should go. William looks at Annabelle, who slowly nods.
72) 17) dialog: That might not be such a good idea.
73) 0) text: Todd, Annabelle and William move over towards the cornfie When they reach the rows, William suddenly reaches down a picks an object up off the ground.
74) 1) dialog: What’s this?
74) 4) dialog: Let’s just get out of here.
75) 5) dialog: What?
75) 7) dialog: Wait a minute. Todd is looking up at the scarecrow intently. TODD (CONT’D) Something’s wrong. William squints up at the scarecrow, barely able to see through the rain. Just then, the scarecrow on the cross suddenly twists and emits a moaning sound. Todd, Annabelle and William all take a quick step away fr the cross. The scarecrow arches its back and twists again the ropes that are binding it to the cross.
75) 9) dialog: No, wait... Todd moves closer to the scarecrow. TODD (CONT’D) Clyde? The scarecrow’s body twists again, sharply. William steps forward.
75) 11) dialog: Is it him? William looks at Todd. (CONTINUED)
75) 24) dialog: Uh... Todd presses down on Clyde’s chest, hesitates, then pushe Clyde’s shirt. Clyde’s torso has been torn open and filled up with blood hay. Broken ribs poke up through the sides of Clyde’s tor as if his sternum was cracked away from his rib cage. Wad dried hay have been plunged into Clyde’s stomach and lung
75) 30) dialog: What the hell! Todd shoves at Clyde’s head. Clyde’s head immediately rol away from his body, into the rows of corn, out of sight. Clyde’s neck is a bloody stump, from which a few stalks o dried hay protrude. Clyde’s body lies still on the ground, hay sticking out o his clothes. Todd rises to his feet, shaking uncontrollably. William i still squatting, looking at Clyde’s body, in shock.
75) 33) dialog: We’re never going to leave here.
75) 35) dialog: No, we’re not. Todd’s mouth twists, as if he is about to cry. TODD (CONT’D) I don’t want to die here. I don’t want to have to stay here.
75) 39) dialog: Tell me you hear it now, Annabelle.
75) 41) dialog: They say I’m next.
75) 44) dialog: (softly) No, it isn’t. Todd steps forward, towards the cornfield, almost stumbli over Clyde’s body. Todd looks down at Clyde’s body, his f stiffening. Todd then looks up, clear-eyed, and addresses cornfield:
75) 45) dialog: You may not let me leave here, but I won’t let you take me. With that, Todd places the barrel of his pistol in his mo cocking the hammer.