6) 0) text: The four soldiers on horseback approach the two soldiers outside the bank. The man in front, with his horse being by the black man, has dark hair and eyes and is chewing tobacco. This is WILLIAM. The black man, TODD, is slender, and watches the two soldiers, unblinking. The blonde soldier addresses Willia somewhat hesitantly. (CONTINUED)
6) 3) dialog: Camp just over that way, about two miles east, near the swamps.
6) 5) dialog: Ain’t got no lieutenant right now. Cap’ain Louison’s around, though. The two soldiers relax slightly at this response. William taps Todd on the shoulder, roughly.
6) 6) dialog: Go help the men with their horses, boy. Todd shoots him a quick look, then walks over to the two soldiers’ horses, head bowed. The bucktooth soldier hands the feed bag.
6) 8) dialog: (gestures) Got some business at the bank.
6) 10) dialog: Nope. Can’t wait. William begins moving towards the bank. Sam, Joseph and C follow. (CONTINUED)
7) 0) text: MacCready and one of the other soldiers are carrying the bags behind the counter when William and his men burst in the bank, drawing guns. Joseph grabs the security guard as the man reaches for hi revolver. They struggle for a moment, then Joseph breaks guard’s neck, dropping him to the floor, and pulls out a William aims his pistols at the men with the bags.
7) 1) dialog: Hold it there. MacCready and the soldiers freeze. The tall soldier pulls rifle from a holster at his bag, swinging it towards Will Sam leans over, aiming his pistol, and shoots the tall soldier in the head. William empties his guns, hitting both MacCready and the other soldier, as Clyde and Joseph shoot the other two soldiers. The elderly teller, the young teller and the girl are sti standing, staring. Slowly, the younger teller reaches und the counter. The girl, standing across from him, sees thi She flips a straight razor out of her sleeve, leans forwa and cuts the teller’s throat. The young teller falls back spraying the girl with blood. (CONTINUED)
7) 2) text: The soldier who was moving the bags with MacCready is twitching on the ground, gasping, still alive. William an Clyde both notice this. Clyde begins pouring gun powder f a paper packet into the barrel of his pistol, but William sighs, steps forward, and takes out a hunting knife. He w over to the soldier and stabs him in the chest William stands up, surveying the room. His eyes meet the girl’s and he smiles.
7) 3) dialog: Hey, there. William moves over to the girl, ANNABELLE, and they kiss. wipes her razor clean on her dress, then tucks it back in her sleeve. The young teller lies still on the opposite s of the counter.
7) 5) dialog: Alright, anyone else still alive in here? Clyde gestures at the elderly teller, who is backed away them in a corner, trembling and pale.
7) 7) dialog: Well, kill him. Clyde aims his pistol at the elderly teller.
7) 11) dialog: Those heavy, Joseph? Joseph nods, excited.
7) 12) dialog: Well then, let’s get the hell out of here.
8) 0) text: Todd is standing in front of the bank with his gun drawn, other hand holding all six of the soldiers’ horses by the reins. He warily looks up and down the street. The dog st next to Todd, indifferent People are watching Todd, and the bank, but nobody is doi anything. Most people have run into buildings to hide, bu the rest are watching Todd, unnaturally. He returns their gaze, looking from face to face. William, Annabelle, Clyde, Joseph and Sam come running ou the bank. Todd turns to them, lifting the dog up into a saddlebag on one of the horses.
9) 0) text: The six ride their horses quickly, Sam next to William. T dog is riding in Sam’s saddlebag, and Sam feeds it a piec dried beef. (CONTINUED)
9) 3) dialog: Not many, right away, and those’d be the only that could catch up in time to find us. William looks over at Sam, who has a dark circle of blood growing on his shoulder, over a hole in the shirt.
9) 4) dialog: You’re hit. Sam looks where William is looking, down at his own shoul
10) 0) text: The six carefully work their way through a dim, wooded ar carefully guiding their horses through trees. Sam’s shirt sleeve is red with blood, but the bleeding seems to have stopped and Sam is greedily eating an apple. Annabelle and William ride near the front, conversing quietly. Annabelle is holding a compass, watching the nee sway. Todd moves his horse up next to them.
10) 2) dialog: No. We got a couple more miles of this though, then we’ll reach a small stream, should be easy to cross. Then we stay on a road through a few fields and we should be at the place we’re staying by nightfall. After that, day and a half’s ride to Mexico. Todd is silent for a moment. (CONTINUED)
10) 5) dialog: No one.
10) 7) dialog: When I was staying at the Union hospital up near Chatsville, getting some metal bits pulled out of my arm by the most beautiful nurse in the world... (he looks at Annabelle, who ignores him) ...I was put next to this soldier, just a kid, really, had a gut wound somebody put there with a bayonet. We talked all the day, got to know each other pretty good, he was a right enough sort. Around the end, when he was starting to get pretty sick all the time... looks up at them.
10) 9) dialog: Yeah. That it did. Kid told me about this place he inherited down south, big ‘ol house, couple hundred acres, he got it from some great-uncle he never knew. He gave me pretty good directions to the place, he didn’t have no family or a girl or nothing, and said he wanted me to join up with him if he ever made it down there. Kid planned to get rich off farming. He wasn’t too bright. (shrugs) He died a couple of days after that.
10) 11) dialog: Yeah, I remember that. (pause) (MORE) (CONTINUED)
10) 15) dialog: It’s in the middle of nowhere... I figure if we drop the name Jeffy Hollister whoever’s living there might show some hospitality. If they don’t, well, we’1l have to take care of them either way. It’s a place to stay. They ride in silence for a moment. The forest, overcast w trees, is growing darker.
10) 17) dialog: He’s fine for now. We’1ll get the bullet out when we reach the house, Annabelle can take care of that. After that, he should be good. The group is silent as they continue through the trees. Something moves in a thick bush as they move past, and Jo jumps, startled. A bird’s harsh, unidentifiable cry comes from the bush. Clyde laughs at Joseph.
11) 0) text: The sun is setting as the six make their way down a narro dirt road, corn fields on either side of them. The rows o corn cast the field in shadow, so that the road ahead is dark. At the front of the group, William and Annabelle speak quietly. (CONTINUED)
11) 2) dialog: I think I killed a kid. Back in the town. Did you see it?
11) 4) dialog: I think it was me.
11) 6) dialog: I don’t know. (pause) Don’t tell the others. If they didn’t notice, they shouldn’t know. is silent for a moment, thinking.
11) 8) dialog: They’re back there. It’s along this road, we just gotta go until we find it.
11) 10) dialog: I know it. a clanking sound comes. The six immediately slow their horses, moving quietly. William’s
11) 15) dialog: Don’t. Hold up a bit. The six ride forward in the dark, very slowly, reaching t top of a small hill. The noises from ahead are now more regular, and the sound of a horse’s footfall can be distinguished from a regular creaking sound. Further along the path, in the darkness ahead, a dim ligh becomes visible. The light sways back and forth slightly, moving towards them. The dog, Dog, looks up and growls slightly. Sam puts a hand on Dog to silence him.
11) 16) dialog: (whispering) You see that? Annabelle draws out her pistol.
11) 22) dialog: Sam?
11) 24) dialog: Give us some light here.
11) 26) dialog: Come on. (CONTINUED)
11) 30) dialog: Excuse me. The man does not respond. Joseph stirs on his horse, uneasily. William speaks louder. WILLIAM (CONT’D) Excuse me! The old man draws back on the horse’s reins. The horse gr softly and comes to a stop. The old man turns to face William, his eyes looking beyond him. The old man has no pupils; his eyes are pale blue, washed clean by glaucoma.
11) 32) dialog: I, uh... Say, we’re looking for the Hollister place. Is it far from here?
11) 34) dialog: (surprised) Are you sure? It’s a large farm, should be just up the road. Right after a creek.
11) 38) dialog: Well, come on, then. Annabelle and Sam immediately follow him. Todd, Joseph an Clyde exchange glances, then head after William, one by o
12) 0) text: The road is getting narrower and increasingly covered wit tall grass, bent down in some areas but seemingly untouch in others. Annabelle and William can barely ride alongsid each other. Sam is riding in front of them, slowly, with running alongside Sam’s horse, visible in the lantern’s circle of light.
12) 2) dialog: We’ve slept on grass before.
12) 4) dialog: We’ve got our compasses. (he nods over to his left) Mexico’s that way. Up ahead, Sam’s horse suddenly comes to a dead stop. Will and Annabelle tug on their horses’ reins quickly to avoid running into him, causing their horses to rear up slightl (CONTINUED)
12) 12) dialog: Shit. Crazy old man. William begins riding forward, across the creek.
12) 13) dialog: Come on! It shouldn’t be far from here. The rest of the group follow him forward, along the trail
13) 4) dialog: What is it?
13) 8) dialog: (to Annabelle) Something, or someone?
13) 10) dialog: We'll be careful. William steps out into the cornfield, pushing the stalks apart with one hand, holding his horse’s reins with the other. Suddenly, a creature with glowing eyes leaps out at Willi from the field, squealing. The creature is about the size a large raccoon. William shouts and spins to the side as creature runs past him. (CONTINUED)
13) 13) dialog: Jesus Christ...
13) 18) dialog: Yeah. I’m fine. That thing gave me a start, that’s all.
13) 20) dialog: Well, that’s good news. What is it?
13) 27) dialog: Well, let’s get going. William steps back towards the cornfield. Everyone looks him, hesitantly. Williams moves towards the cornfield, th when no one follows, turns back sardonically towards the group. WILLIAM (CONT’D) Hey, Sam?
13) 29) dialog: Keep your eyes out for more of those things, alright? William turns and walks into the cornfield. Sam follows, Todd, then Annabelle and the rest, leading their horses.
14) 1) dialog: (annoyed) Oh, what the hell... (CONTINUED)
14) 10) dialog: (sarcastic) Yes, it’s a very frightening scarecrow. If I were a crow, I’d go elsewhere. Since I’m not, anyone else want to get a move on? Annabelle looks down, embarrassed. William rolls his eyes her and the group moves past the scarecrow. Dog and Josep give it a wide berth and the horses make nervous noises a they pass.
14) 16) dialog: The house is that way.
14) 18) dialog: Cornfields always look smaller before you’re fighting your way through them.
14) 22) dialog: Well, there it is.
14) 24) dialog: Come on, then. William walks over to a twisted oak tree, leaning several feet in front of the house, and ties his horse to a hangi branch. William’s horse shuffles slightly, rolling its ey William consoles it. (CONTINUED)
14) 27) dialog: Shhh, girl. We’1l get you some water ina bit.
14) 29) dialog: Of course they are. They’re horses. They’re stupid and crazy.
15) 0) text: William steps up onto the wooden porch. As Joseph steps u next to him, the boards beneath them creak ominously. Jos and William look at each other, then William takes Joseph lantern and steps into the house. Todd looks back at the horses, tied to the oak tree. The horses are silent. Todd moves up onto the porch.
16) 0) text: William’s lantern illuminates the front room of the house wooden table sits over in a corner of the room, surrounde several chairs. A thick layer of dust covers nearly everything. Joseph begins to step forward into the room, but William a hand across Joseph’s chest, stopping him. Joseph looks William, questioningly. William points the lantern down at the floor. Two pairs o footprints are imprinted in the dust on the wooden floor, large boot prints. The boot prints lead off into the dark of the house. Clyde and Todd have moved in behind William and Joseph.
16) 5) dialog: (nods) Alright. But everyone be careful. They move into the house, followed by Sam and Annabelle. trots in with them, looking around. Dog’s ears are up. Joseph immediately crosses over to the wooden table and d the four bags. The table creaks. One of the bags comes op slightly, and a few gold coins spill out onto the table. Joseph looks at the gold, then picks a coin up and bites He examines his tooth marks in the gold.
16) 6) dialog: Don’t chew on the gold, Joseph. Joseph quickly puts the coin back down on the table. Will addresses the group:
16) 7) dialog: Let’s split up into pairs, search this floor and the upstairs. And the cellar, if this place has one.
16) 9) dialog: We’1l check that after we finish with the house. William steps further into the house, shining his lantern around. A kitchen area, with a coal stove, is barely visi through a doorway; the corners of the kitchen are dark.
16) 11) dialog: Yeah. That’s a good idea.
16) 13) dialog: Oh yeah, little brother? Bullets just bounce off you now, huh? (CONTINUED)
16) 16) dialog: Clyde and Joseph, you guys take the upstairs. Todd and I will check this floor. Clyde and Joseph nod and walk off. William looks over at who is staring around the room.
16) 17) dialog: Hey, you want to come with us? Sniff something out? Dog looks at William, then slinks under a chair and curls
16) 18) dialog: That’s thing’s goddamn useless, Sam. Alright, then. William and Todd begin moving away.
16) 20) dialog: You too. Sam, keep a hand on your gun. I don’t want anybody sneaking up on us tramps or no.
16) 22) dialog: I’m sure they’ve seen our lanterns by now, so they might come looking for us.
16) 24) dialog: If they’ve been staying here? Not likely. William and Todd walk into the kitchen. Annabelle sets he lantern down on the table, turning it up, so that the roo grows brighter. She beckons Sam over to a chair; he sits. Annabelle begins fiddling through a satchel, pulling out tools, as Sam unbuttons and peels off his shirt. He wince his shoulder stretches. (CONTINUED)
17) 0) text: William and Todd look around the kitchen. Todd opens the stove and sifts the ashes inside.
17) 2) dialog: Huh. William is looking at the counter, where a dirty, cloth d lies, its limbs askew. One of the doll’s button eyes is missing.
17) 4) dialog: Yeah.
19) 0) text: William stands in a room, shining his lantern around. The room features a large, black piano, covered with dust. A plush chairs are lined against one wall. Stacks of sheet music are piled on a small table. Moving forward, William sees that a dirty picture frame i propped up against the side of the piano, its back facing outward. William reaches out and turns the picture frame over, directing his lantern light onto it. The picture on the front of the frame is of a man seated chair, with what appears to be two small boys and a very young girl standing around him, facing forward. The four figures are all clad in formal attire. (CONTINUED)
19) 3) dialog: Hey, Todd, get a look at this. There is no response. A creaking sound comes from the darkness just outside the doorway, then silence.
19) 4) dialog: Todd?
19) 6) dialog: What are you doing?
20) 0) text: William moves into a hallway, where Todd has his shoulder braced against a thick wooden door.
20) 2) dialog: You can’t get it open?
20) 6) dialog: Hell. They stop trying. Todd stretches his back.
20) 8) dialog: Yeah. We’1ll get Joseph back here, see if he can force it. Failing that, we’1ll chop it down. Wouldn’t want anyone to have barricaded themselves in there especially if we’re going to get any sleep tonight.
20) 10) dialog: Come on, let’s get back and see how Sam’s doing.
21) 17) dialog: How you doing? Sam glances over at William, surprised.
21) 19) dialog: (to Annabelle) Were you able to get it out?
21) 22) dialog: Yeah, good idea. Todd moves over and lights the two lanterns, which flare immediately to life.
21) 24) dialog: Good. The front door creaks open further. Everyone in the room looks at this nervously, and the lanterns flicker slightl
21) 25) dialog: Fucking wind. Sam rises to his feet and crosses over to the door, holdi one hand over his bandage. 32.
23) 0) text: Joseph and Clyde walk into the room from the kitchen at t same time as Sam, dimming their lanterns as they enter. C has something slung over his arm. Annabelle and William t to regard them.
23) 3) dialog: Maybe. Did you find anything else?
23) 5) dialog: That changes matters.
23) 7) dialog: Maybe. why would they leave their jacket?
23) 14) dialog: Regardless of whether we find anything, we’1l sleep in shifts tonight. I know I’1ll sleep better knowing someone’s on watch. We’ll keep the lanterns on in this room so someone can stay up.
23) 16) dialog: Okay. Dog, underneath the chair, begins edging forward, its hac rising. Dog is looking at an empty corner of the room. No notices Dog.
23) 18) dialog: I know it. We’1l move on at first light tomorrow. Dog begins growling at the empty corner of the room. Dog quickly looks over at the open front door of the house, t looks back at the corner, slowly backing away.
23) 23) dialog: Nope.
24) 2) dialog: There he is.
24) 6) dialog: Setting out jerky will probably just get us possums.
24) 8) dialog: We’ll do it anyway. Just in case.
24) 11) dialog: He took off. He’1l be back. He’s run off like this before.
24) 14) dialog: He’s a dog. Dogs are weird. They walk inside.
25) 0) text: William looks at Sam, who is still seated. Sam is playing with the gold coins.
25) 1) dialog: You doing alright? (CONTINUED)
25) 5) dialog: You still want first watch?
25) 8) dialog: Hey, it ain’t bad. A good storm could get rid of any tracks we might have left.
25) 10) dialog: Hey, Sam? Cheer up. Thunder rumbles again.
25) 11) dialog: Yeah. Anyway, who’s going out to the barn?
26) 0) text: Joseph, Clyde, William and Annabelle step out of the back door of the house, facing the large barn. A stone well an outhouse are positioned near the side of the house. Betwe the house and the barn, two empty clotheslines hang betwe oak trees, swaying in the wind. (CONTINUED)
27) 0) text: The barn is large, with a loft. The lanterns William, Cly and Joseph hold illuminate the tall walls. Beneath the lo are three rooms, divided by wooden walls. These rooms eac contain thin mattresses on the floor.
27) 3) dialog: Let’s find out. William walks over to a tall ladder that leads up to the loft. Holding his lantern with one hand, he begins scalin the ladder.
27) 5) dialog: Yeah. About halfway to the loft, the rung under William’s feet breaks with a dry snap. William grabs onto another rung w his free hand, but it is also rotten, and comes off in hi hand. William falls to the ground, about six feet, landing on h back. His lantern hits the ground next to him, shattering spilling flaming oil onto the ground. William rolls away. (CONTINUED)
27) 10) dialog: Damn.
27) 12) dialog: Yeah. Well, forget that. Whatever’s up there isn’t getting down, anyway. Goddamnit. William kicks the ladder, breaking another rung. Behind h Joseph wanders off, towards a corner of the barn. Lightning flashes, filling the barn with pale light, abru casting strange shadows across the barn. The large shadow a figure looms over the shadows of William and Clyde. They jump and whirl around, to face Annabelle. Clyde grab his chest.
27) 15) dialog: Let’s go back inside.
27) 17) dialog: Yeah. (CONTINUED)
27) 24) dialog: What?
27) 26) dialog: I don’t know. Joseph looks at William suspiciously. William holds the b up, pages out.
27) 27) dialog: It’s not in English, Joseph.
27) 31) dialog: How should I know?
27) 33) dialog: Come on, let’s get out of here before that storm comes any closer. You can play with the book inside. Joseph picks up the bucket and they exit the barn.
28) 0) text: As William, Clyde, and Annabelle walk back into the house Joseph moves over to the well and ties the bucket back to rope, which hangs over a bar above the well.
29) 0) text: Todd and Sam are both drinking from the bottle of whiskey counting gold pieces at the table. Clyde nods at them as William, Annabelle and Joseph walk into the room from the porch. Annabelle sets the book down on the table, next to gold.
30) 0) text: Annabelle and William stand in the hallway, close to each other. Behind them, Todd, Sam, Clyde and Joseph are playi cards at the table, two half-empty bottles in front of th (CONTINUED)
30) 4) dialog: You want to lie down for a little while?
30) 6) dialog: Sounds good. William and Annabelle surreptitiously exit the hallway.
31) 0) text: Annabelle and William are entangled on a large bed, makin love by the light of a candle mounted on a thick, wooden dresser. Annabelle is on top of William. The flickering candle flame casts strange shadows over her face.
38) 0) text: William and Annabelle lie in bed together, naked under th covers. Annabelle is asleep in William’s arms. A slight creaking sound comes from outside the bedroom, followed by a soft knock on the door. William opens one e The soft knocking comes again, followed by a whisper:
39) 0) text: William steps out of the bedroom. Sam is standing there, looking anxious. Sam’s face is pale.
39) 1) dialog: What is it? (CONTINUED)
39) 5) dialog: What do you mean?
39) 7) dialog: Nothing?
39) 9) dialog: Any tracks?
39) 11) dialog: Okay. Let me get my clothes on, then I'll be right out. Sam nods. William goes back into the bedroom.
40) 0) text: William quickly buttons his shirt next to the bed, his bo already on. He then leans down and gently shakes Annabell arm.
40) 1) dialog: Hey. Hey, honey. Annabelle opens her eyes, looking tired.
40) 3) dialog: Joseph wandered off somewhere. I’m gonna go look for him.
40) 7) dialog: Yeah, the boys can’t find him. I’11 go see what’s up, you stay here.
40) 9) dialog: Could be. You wanna get up and do me a favor, though? Annabelle smiles up at him.
40) 11) dialog: Lock the door to this room after I step out. Just in case.
40) 13) dialog: I know, but I want you to get some sleep.
41) 0) text: William exits the bedroom, shutting the door behind him. Immediately the sound of a latch turning and locking is heard. William heads off down the hallway.
42) 0) text: William and Sam walk off the porch, into the front yard. gestures to the rear of the house.
43) 0) text: William, Todd and Clyde are standing near the well, looki dejected, as Sam quickly walks up to them, still covered a thin sheen of sweat.
43) 1) dialog: Well, could he have just wandered off for a little while? Maybe he’s pulling a joke or something.
43) 4) dialog: I think we’d better each hold onto our guns from now on, though, particularly if we go out alone.
43) 8) dialog: Where’ve you been?
43) 10) dialog: You’re lucky you made it out of there. You can’t see where you’re going in that field in the daytime, much less at night with a storm coming. Whoever tended that field’s long gone. Clyde falls back a little from the group as they walk thr the yard.
44) 0) text: William, Sam and Todd sit in the living room. William thr a knife at the wall; the knife plunges into the wood. Wil rises to his feet, crosses over to the knife and takes it of the wall. He then walks back to his chair and throws h knife at the wall again.
44) 2) dialog: Not likely. Todd picks up a handful of gold coins and begins stacking them.
48) 0) text: Annabelle’s scream is audible from upstairs. William, Sam Todd react, then run out of the room for the stairs, Will in the lead.
49) 0) text: Annabelle is standing in the corner of the room, facing t open bedroom door. William runs into the doorway, Todd an Sam coming up behind him.
49) 1) dialog: What? What is it?
49) 3) dialog: Where is he? (CONTINUED)
49) 7) dialog: You alright, honey?
49) 9) dialog: This a young kid?
49) 11) dialog: Well, they’1l find him in a second. Todd and Sam appear in the doorway again. Todd shakes his head. WILLIAM (CONT’D) What?
49) 13) dialog: Well, could he have gone out of a window? Todd shrugs. Sam walks into the bedroom, looking sick, an sits down heavily on the bed.
49) 18) dialog: I sure hate the thought of that. We should start checking around, see if any of these walls are hollow. Annabelle is watching Sam.
49) 22) dialog: Yeah, well, we’ll see about that. One way or another, we’re moving on at first light tomorrow, and we all need to get some sleep before then. Sam, you go ahead, we’1ll wake you if anything comes up. Sam nods and stiffly lies back on the bed.
49) 23) dialog: (to others) Let’s go. They exit the room, Todd in the lead. Sam, lying on the b unbuttons his shirt and pushes it open. He pulls back the bandage to look at his wound. The area around where the bullet entered is red and swollen, and the skin around it purple and glossy. Sam touches his chest, near the wound, and flinches. He l back in the bed and closes his eyes, sweating.
50) 0) text: William, Annabelle and Todd walk out onto the front porch The wind tears at the branches of a tree in front of them
50) 2) dialog: No kidding. (CONTINUED)
50) 5) dialog: Christ. A drop of rain falls and hits William’s forehead. He look at the sky as more raindrops plunk onto the ground around him.
50) 6) dialog: That’s great. William turns back to look at Annabelle and Todd, who are still on the porch, protected from the rain.
50) 7) dialog: I’m gonna look around a little.
50) 10) dialog: No, somebody should stay up in the front room, in case anyone comes back or tries to get into the house. (pause) Speaking of which... where’s Clyde?
50) 13) dialog: You’d think he’d be done by now. Stay here. William and Annabelle walk around to the side of the hous as Todd steps back into the front room.
51) 0) text: It is raining harder as William and Annabelle walk back towards the barn. The rain splatters off William’s hat an has soaked Annabelle’s hair and dress.
51) 4) dialog: Not much chance of that now. Besides, we can’t just leave Joseph here. He could have just gone for a walk.
51) 6) dialog: You okay?
51) 8) dialog: Uh, I can’t say that I do. Not really. I mean, weird stuff’s been going on, and Maybe someone’s messing with us, but... He trails off as Annabelle shakes her head. WILLIAM (CONT’D) What? Annabelle shakes her head again.
51) 10) dialog: Come here. Annabelle moves closer to him and he embraces her. They h each other in the pouring rain, then William moves away f Annabelle, smiling at her.
51) 11) dialog: Now, look... (CONTINUED)
51) 14) dialog: Clyde! Good god, man. We were worried you’d fallen in.
51) 16) dialog: Well, no, we didn’t. Clyde squints into the nearby cornfield.
51) 18) dialog: Are you sure it was him? I mean, I can barely see the stalks.
51) 20) dialog: Then what?
51) 22) dialog: Well, I don’t think they have bears down here, so it was probably Joseph. I bet he’s playing some sort of game.
51) 26) dialog: That’s good news. I was worried Dog might’ve spooked off for good. William looks at Annabelle, smiling optimistically. Annab returns a faint smile.
54) 0) text: William, Clyde and Annabelle walk through the rain, up to front porch.
54) 2) dialog: I wouldn’t mind getting some rest. Anyone else for that? Annabelle laughs drily.
54) 6) dialog: Well, sit up with Todd then. I’1l sit with you guys for a second, then I’m going to get some shut-eye.
55) 0) text: William, Annabelle and Clyde step into the front room, looking around. The gold is still piled on the table. Tod steps out from the kitchen, holding his lantern.
55) 1) dialog: What’re you up to?
55) 3) dialog: Not that I can see. Clyde here says he saw Joseph and Dog.
55) 7) dialog: Sure thing. Clyde sits down at the table with Todd, who shifts the de of cards over towards him. Clyde begins shuffling.
58) 0) text: William and Annabelle are still asleep, in the same positions. At the table, Todd’s head is resting on one ha his arm propped up on the table. The lantern next to him been turned down low. Todd blinks, very slowly. His eyelids close, then he open his eyes wide, looking around quickly. Nothing in the roo different. Todd’s eyes slowly start to shut again. He blinks twice, his eyelids close.
58) 1) text: A thumping noise comes from beyond the kitchen. Todd’s ey fly open and he sits up straight, looking towards the kitchen. Todd swiftly surveys the room, then slumps back in his ch rubbing at his face. The noise comes again, from somewhere on the other side o the house, and Todd jumps to his feet, his eyes narrowed. Todd looks down at William and Annabelle, who are still asleep. He then walks past them, into the kitchen. 63.
61) 0) text: William and Annabelle are still asleep on the floor. The sound of footsteps running down the stairs comes from beh them. William opens his eyes and looks around the room, just as Clyde runs through the front room. Clyde grabs the front doorknob, opens it, and runs outside, into the storm.
61) 1) dialog: What the hell... William rises up, rousing Annabelle, who looks up at him blearily.
61) 3) dialog: Clyde just ran through here. I don’t know what he’s after. I’m gonna go check
61) 5) dialog: Well, I don’t really want to leave you alone in here.
61) 7) dialog: Well... William looks up suddenly. Sam is standing in the darknes the hallway, barely visible, his eyes glowing with the lantern light. His clothing is drenched. Sam stares at William without speaking.
61) 8) dialog: Sam! Good thing you’re up. Clyde just ran through here faster than lightning. William rises to his feet, rubbing the arm that he slept He looks around the room. (CONTINUED)
61) 11) dialog: Holy shit. The gold. William looks around the room again, quickly. The gold is nowhere to be seen. William looks back at Sam, his teeth bared.
61) 12) dialog: Hang in here just a second, watch over Annabelle. I’m going after Clyde. I’1l be right back. William turns away from Sam, who has not changed expressi and runs out the front door, shutting it behind him. Sam slowly steps out of the darkness of the hallway. He l down at Annabelle, his nostrils flaring slightly, then wa over to the table and lowers himself into a chair. Sam si staring straight ahead.
62) 0) text: William runs out into the rain, holding his lantern aloft Clyde is nowhere to be seen, but there is a spot in the r of corn, near the yard, where several stalks have been pu aside or trampled. William runs across the yard and into the cornfield. The broken stalks form a haphazard trail through the tall cor though William can still only see a couple feet in front himself, and cannot see over the corn. William continues staggering through the corn, along the trail, holding his lantern in front of him. William calls out:
62) 1) dialog: Clyde! Hey, Clyde! The sound of the rain splattering off the cornstalks drow out William’s voice.
66) 0) text: William continues walking quickly through the cornstalks following the path of broken and bent stalks. Rain splatt off William’s hat. Suddenly, William is faced with tall, upright stalks in f of him. The only bent stalks are behind William. The trai has come to an abrupt end in the middle of the field. William looks around. There is nothing but cornstalks aro him, and no indication of Clyde or where he may have gone (CONTINUED)
66) 3) dialog: Clyde! where the fuck are you? William’s words are swallowed by the cornfield.
67) 0) text: Annabelle jumps out of her chair as the front door opens William steps in. She then throws herself against him, sobbing.
67) 1) dialog: Jesus, honey. What is it?
67) 3) dialog: What did you see? Here, sit down. Annabelle sits back down in her chair, William’s hands on shoulders. William then notices Sam.
67) 4) dialog: What’s wrong with Sam?
67) 7) dialog: He’s... He’s dead. Annabelle quickly puts her fingers to the side of Sam’s n Sam is not breathing.
67) 8) dialog: What the hell happened?
67) 12) dialog: What... Was it his wound?
67) 14) dialog: What do you mean, this place? Annabelle puts her hand to her face, breathing deeply. Sh then lowers her hand and returns William’s gaze, her eyes hard. She speaks calmly.
67) 16) dialog: What are you talking about?
67) 18) dialog: So what? Annabelle opens her mouth to answer William, then looks u the kitchen doorway. Todd is leaning against the door, ba able to support himself. William and Annabelle both stare at Todd, who stares back them.
67) 20) dialog: Todd, what are you talking about? (CONTINUED)
67) 24) dialog: We didn’t hear any screaming, Todd. Todd buries his face in his hands.
67) 30) dialog: I was wondering if you might know something about that. Todd looks at William, confused, then looks around the ro Realization dawns in Todd’s eyes.
67) 32) dialog: Don’t you? (CONTINUED)
67) 36) dialog: I don’t know, Todd. We left you watching it. Todd looks into William’s eyes. They stare at each other a moment. William’s gaze is locked on Todd, but William’s right han moving up towards his waistband, where his pistol is stuc
67) 45) dialog: You watch yourself, Todd. You’ve ridden with me for three years now. I’ve saved your life more times than I can count.
67) 49) dialog: We left you watching it, Todd. Remember?
67) 52) dialog: Yeah. Todd exhales slightly, then pushes the hammer on Sam’s pi back into place and places the pistol on the table. After moment, Annabelle tucks the scalpel back into her sleeve steps away. (CONTINUED)
67) 56) dialog: You really don’t know what’s going on?
67) 60) dialog: He ran off into the cornfield a little while ago. I went looking, but I couldn’t find him. Todd slowly grows very still, looking around the room. He looks out the window, then looks back at William and Annabelle.
67) 66) dialog: Todd-
67) 68) dialog: Without the gold? Todd looks into William’s eyes.
67) 70) dialog: No way. Todd stands up, knocking his chair back.
68) 0) text: Todd rapidly walks through the side yard, almost running through the rain. William and Annabelle hurry after him.
68) 1) dialog: Todd! wait up! Todd does not slow his pace. William and Annabelle contin after him, towards the barn. Lightning flashes. 88.
69) 0) text: Todd, in the lead, comes to an abrupt stop in the entranc the barn. William and Annabelle almost collide with him.
69) 1) dialog: What? Todd is silent. He stands in the entrance to the barn, hi shoulders heaving slightly. After a moment, William moves forward, standing next to Todd and looking into the barn. The horses have been shredded, their bodies ripped into s pieces that have been strewn all over the inside of the b The stacks of hay are splattered red with blood. Blood dr from several spots on the barn’s ceiling. One of the hors appears to have been bisected across its middle, and lies two halves directly in front of Todd. Annabelle involuntarily steps back from the sight.
69) 4) dialog: Todd. You alright?
69) 9) dialog: What did you see? Todd does not answer William, just walks further into the barn, gesturing angrily.
69) 24) dialog: Todd... Do you want to leave now? Todd slowly lifts his hands up to his face. His eyes are
69) 26) dialog: Come on. We’re going to get out of here. We’re going to leave this place.
69) 28) dialog: I know. Come on. Todd follows William and Annabelle outside of the barn.
70) 0) text: William, Annabelle and Todd stand by the well. William lo up into the rain. Todd reaches for the rope to the well’s bucket. He pulls it, trying to pull the rope up, but cannot. The bucket appears to be stuck on something. Frustrated, Todd throws down the rope, lifts his head to the sky and opens his mo drinking the rain.
70) 1) dialog: God damn this storm.
70) 3) dialog: What do we do about Sam?
70) 7) dialog: I’d like to know who’s doing this to us, that’s all. If they’d just show themselves... Todd shakes his head, wiping the rain across his face.
70) 10) dialog: You two seriously want to just leave here. Without our gold?
71) 0) text: Todd, Annabelle and William reach the front yard. William stops, looking into the house.
71) 1) dialog: Just let me... I need to go in and say goodbye to Sam. Annabelle nods. Todd looks around, quickly wiping rain of his face.
71) 5) dialog: He’s not here! Annabelle and Todd look at each other, quickly, then move towards the house.
72) 0) text: Sam’s chair is empty. William, Todd and Annabelle look ar the deserted room.
72) 2) dialog: What? Who did? Why would they do that?
72) 5) dialog: Maybe... Maybe he’s not dead.
72) 7) dialog: Maybe I was wrong. Maybe I missed it.
72) 9) dialog: I could’ve been wrong. Maybe he just walked out of here.
72) 11) dialog: Well, he’s not here right now! (CONTINUED)
72) 16) dialog: The first thing I’m gonna do when we get to Mexico is hire some guys and send them up here to burn this place to the fucking ground.
72) 18) dialog: I don’t care. William walks out into the rain.
73) 0) text: Todd, Annabelle and William move over towards the cornfie When they reach the rows, William suddenly reaches down a picks an object up off the ground.
73) 1) dialog: It’s Sam’s shoe. William holds the leather boot out, for Annabelle and Tod see.
73) 2) dialog: He’s got to be somewhere in the cornfield! Todd and Annabelle look at each other
73) 4) dialog: Come on! (CONTINUED)
74) 0) text: William stumbles through the cornfield, Annabelle and Tod close behind him. Abruptly he stops, reaching another tra going through the cornfield.
74) 2) dialog: Another trail. William looks closely at the stump of a broken cornstalk. feels at it with his thumb.
74) 3) dialog: Someone came through here recently.
74) 5) dialog: Come on. We have to head in this direction. William begins heading down the trail he has just discove his feet sinking slightly in the mud of the trail as he walks. Annabelle follows him. Todd looks around the cornfield, squinting against the ra After a moment, he follows Annabelle and William.
75) 0) text: William and Annabelle stumble against the rain. Visibilit poor in front of them. They stagger into the clearing with the wooden cross. The form of the scarecrow is tied to the cross. William looks at the scarecrow, wiping rain from his eyes. Annabelle backs away, clearly terrified to be near the scarecrow.
75) 4) dialog: I could’ve sworn this is where we were before... Todd steps into the clearing.
75) 6) dialog: Well, at least we’re headed in the right direction.
75) 10) dialog: My god. Those are Clyde’s clothes.
75) 14) dialog: Let’s find out. William hands his lantern to Annabelle. WILLIAM (CONT’D) Here. William carefully approaches the wooden cross, removing a knife from his boot. With the knife between his teeth, William climbs up the b of the cross, carefully avoiding contact with the scarecr which is no longer moving. Todd and Annabelle watch Willi anxiously. Todd has a hand on the butt of his gun. Using the knife, William begins cutting at the ropes wrap around the scarecrow’s body.
75) 15) dialog: He’s tied up with hemp. Hold on a second. Todd moves closer to the scarecrow. The scarecrow writhes moans again. The moan is muffled by the burlap sack over head. Todd looks nervous.
75) 16) dialog: Hang on, Clyde. Don’t move so much, we’re cutting you loose. The scarecrow continues writhing. In a moment, William ha cut through the rope around the scarecrow’s right arm and torso. The scarecrow sways forward, then slips out of the remain ropes and falls forward off the cross. Todd reaches out t catch the scarecrow. The scarecrow hits Todd and they bot fall to the ground. William jumps off the cross and moves over to Todd, who r away from the scarecrow. Todd rises to his feet. The scarecrow twists miserably on the ground, as if barel able to move its body. Annabelle, William and Todd look d at it, hesitating.
75) 17) dialog: Here, hold on. William bends down and reaches for the burlap sack over t scarecrow’s head. Annabelle edges away. Todd surreptitiou reaches into his holster and removes his pistol, cocking (CONTINUED)
75) 21) dialog: Uh... Annabelle, do you have a scalpel or something in your bag?
75) 23) dialog: We'd better use that. Todd leans forward to pluck some of the hay out of Clyde’ shirt, which is bloody in spots. Todd pauses, then feels lightly at Clyde’s chest.
75) 25) dialog: Oh. William staggers back a step, looking faint. Todd, as if unable to stop himself, pulls at Clyde’s sleeves. Clyde’s wrists have been slit, and hay has been shoved into the c Clyde continues to twist and moan on the ground as Todd checks his body. (CONTINUED)
75) 29) dialog: What is going on... Clyde suddenly stops moving, then his head slowly lolls t the side, to face Todd. With his stitched-shut lips and e Clyde smiles widely up at Todd. Todd recoils in fear.
75) 31) dialog: What is going on here?
75) 43) dialog: Come on, Todd. You’re hearing things. It’s just the storm. Todd shakes his head slightly. The voices grow louder ove the wind, becoming urgent and angry.
75) 46) dialog: Todd! No! (CONTINUED)
76) 0) text: Annabelle and William rush through the cornfield, occasionally slipping in the mud, with Annabelle in the l Annabelle is running intently through the corn. William staggers after her, trying to keep up.
76) 1) dialog: Slow down!
76) 3) dialog: Annabelle! William’s words are drowned out by a sudden clap of thund He plunges forward, through the cornstalks.
77) 0) text: Annabelle continues racing forward, still lighter on her than William. She runs through the dark cornfield, shouti out: (CONTINUED)
78) 0) text: William continues running, looking around. Inside the cornfield, it is impossible to determine what direction h headed in. Winded, William slows to a stop, looking around. He is surrounded on all sides by thick cornstalks.
78) 1) dialog: (screaming) Annabelle! There is no response. William gasps for air, looking arou
78) 2) dialog: Christ.
80) 0) text: Deeper in the cornfield, William catches his breath.
80) 1) dialog: Annabelle! (CONTINUED)
80) 4) dialog: Annabelle? William moves in the direction of the figure, peering for anxiously. Suddenly, a child’s giggle comes from directly behind William. William stops moving and stands very still. He slowly mov his right hand onto the butt of his pistol, staring strai ahead into the cornfield. In a sudden motion, William spins around, drawing his pis out in front of him. No one is there. William takes a ste back, brandishing his pistol.
80) 5) dialog: Who’s there? In the cornstalks directly in front of William, in a spac between two haphazard rows, the figure briefly appears ag passing between the rows. The figure’s body is lumpy and large and the figure is wearing a hat; it is clearly not Annabelle, but it is too dark to see any further details before the figure moves behind another row of corn. William cocks the hammer on his pistol, nervously moving forward, looking around as he does so. He whispers, almos himself:
80) 7) dialog: Annabelle?
82) 0) text: William looks around, shielding his eyes from the rain. Lightning flashes, followed immediately by thunder. (CONTINUED)
82) 3) dialog: Who’s out there? There is no response, and the sobbing noise gradually fad away. William looks around. Lightning flashes, and, ten feet away from William in the cornfield, the figure of a scarecrow is visible. The scarecrow pushes its way through the cornstalks, angrily making its way through the field, towards the house. As William stares at the scarecrow, the scarecrow suddenl stops moving and turns its head towards William. The scarecrow has no eyes or face, just a burlap sack. The scarecrow and William face each other, frozen, then the scarecrow cocks its head slightly. The lightning ends and the field is immediately dark agai the scarecrow is no longer visible. William quickly raise his gun and fires towards the direction of the scarecrow. gunshot echoes through the field. There is no response from the section of the cornfield William just aimed at. William pauses for a moment, stari ahead, then quickly breaks his pistol and begins urgently reloading it, looking in front of himself while doing so. William’s hands are shaking so badly that he can barely l his pistol, but he finally manages to do so, instantly cocking his pistol again and holding it out in front of h He looks around the field, backing up. In front of William, the cornstalks move to the side; the dark figure of the scarecrow is briefly visible passing through the stalks, towards William. William points his g at the figure, but does not fire as the figure immediatel disappears from view. William’s lower jaw is trembling, and he breathes in shor gasps. WILLIAM (CONT’D) Shit... (CONTINUED)
83) 0) text: The sun’s first rays shine over the cornfield. The rain h ceased, though the cornstalks are still damp in appearanc The morning light is faint, but illuminates the entire cornfield. William is still sitting in the mud. Annabelle’s body lie front of him. Her eyes are shut. The blood on her forehea has congealed and is almost black around the bullet wound where William shot her. William stares straight ahead, his face blank. His hair i pasted to his head. He looks aimlessly into the cornfield
84) 0) text: The cornfield is now bright with the morning sun. William still sitting next to Annabelle, staring straight ahead. then turns his head and looks at Annabelle. Reaching out, William puts his hand to the side of Annabelle’s face. His jaw trembles, then he takes his han away, looks away from Annabelle’s corpse and rises to his feet. William’s gun lies several feet away from him, half-burie the mud. William moves towards the rows of corn, then fre as a sudden growling sound comes from directly in front o him. William looks down slowly, his body still. Dog is standin front of William, between two haphazard rows of corn. (CONTINUED)
84) 3) dialog: (softly) Dog? Dog growls again, eyes fixed on William’s. All the hairs Dog’s back are sticking up straight. William slowly reaches into his coat, for his gun. His gu not there. William realizes this, then slowly looks for h gun. William’s gun is about a yard in front of him. The g is between William and Dog. William carefully begins edging forward, toward the gun. growls again, crouching down. William comes to a stop, th when Dog does not move, begins moving towards the gun aga Dog lunges forward at William, snarling. William raises h arm to block Dog and Dog’s teeth clamp down on William’s forearm. William yells. The weight of Dog knocks William to the ground. William flails against Dog, trying to pull his bloody arm out of Dog’s mouth. The dog thrashes its head wildly, mangling William’s arm. William screams. William rolls over onto Dog, yanking his arm out of Dog’s teeth. A chunk of William’s arm is left in Dog’s jaw. Dog immediately twists away from William’s grasp and bites on William’s upper leg, tearing at William’s flesh. William yells again, then lifts his other leg up and kick Dog in the head. The blow knocks Dog back, away from Will towards William’s gun. The dog scrambles, regaining its balance. William immediately rises to his feet. He sees that Dog i nearer to the gun than him, then turns and runs. Limping badly, William stumbles forward through the cornfield, in general direction of the trail. Dog is immediately after William, running quickly through cornfield. The fur on the front of Dog’s body is slick wi William’s blood. William runs as fast as he can, plowing through the cornstalks. He looks behind himself and can see Dog rushi up just behind him, growling. William plunges forward. Wounded, William cannot possibly outrun Dog, and Dog is gaining fast. Dog is within ten feet of William’s heels a William stumbles forward. (CONTINUED)