2) 0) text: Down two flights of crowded stairs, there's a bar, dance floor, low couches, minimal lighting, wasted PEOPLE. Wealthy young IRANIANS sit at a table littered with ice- buckets and bottles of Absolut and Johnnie Walker. And with them is BOB BAER, 40's, professionally nondescript, he could be anything, a salesman, a high- school teacher. His face is ever-changing and his eyes miss nothing. Bob is the only American in the place and still you almost wouldn't notice him. ARASH AMIRI, 20's, a confident young Iranian, yells over the music. Beside him is his BROTHER.
2) 2) dialog: Liquid MDMA? No, I never tried it. The music is louder. Arash proudly shouts over it --
2) 9) text: Bob doesn't respond. Arash shouts again --
2) 11) text: Great. He's great. Arash just stares. Bob sips his drink. BOB (CONT'D)
3) 0) text: DISTANT POV down to the street as TWO CARS pull up. Bob gets out of one, walks to the rear, opens the trunk --
4) 0) text: The trunk SLAMS. Bob carries a worn ATTACHE CASE. The Amiris get out of their car, oblivious Shiite party boys. Bob walks, happy. Dour MEN at cafe tables miss nothing.
5) 0) text: Corrugated metal shutters CLOSE, sealing out the light. Arash ushers Bob through the gloom toward TWO MILITARY CASES. Bob expertly flips one over and opens it. Inside: A STINGER MISSILE, neatly disassembled. He finds the serial number: 3j16w4921. A SMILEY FACE is scratched into the metal of the Stinger. Bob tries to activate the Stinger. It's dead. Arash and his brother perspire. Bob is perspiring. Bob thinks he hears faint MOUTH BREATHING from behind the curtain closing off the rear of the shop. Bob opens HIS ATTACHE CASE. He removes a pouch. The pouch holds a battery. The battery has a serial number. Bob finds: 3j16w4921. A perfect match. He removes the dead battery and replaces it with the live battery. He activates the missile. It works. Everyone is relieved. (CONTINUED)     3 5 CONTINUED: 5
5) 1) text: Bob moves to THE NEXT MILITARY CASE. He replaces the next battery and activates the second missile. Arash and his brother share a celebratory glance. Arash suddenly takes ONE CASE and drags it through the curtain. Bob hears LOW VOICES. He turns questioningly to Arash's brother who just stares and smiles like an idiot. Then Arash reappears, passing by Bob. BOB
5) 2) text: You said they were both for you. Arash tosses an envelope at Bob -- ARASH AMIRI
5) 3) text: What do you care? Bob glances in the envelope. Behind him, the Amiris are picking up the other case. Bob moves toward the curtain. IN THE BACK OF THE SHOP Bob's eyes adjust. Several robed shapes, ghosts in grey light, carry the case out a door. The BARREL OF A GUN touches the side of Bob's head. The SOUND of a SHELL CHAMBERED and a MOUTH BREATHER. Bob raises his hands. The barrel slides around to his forehead and Bob is staring into the blue eyes of MOHAMMED SHEIK AGIZA, 40's, bearded, and calm. BOB (FARSI)
7) 0) text: As the Amiris carry the case toward their car, Bob appears in the doorway and heads up the street toward us. Behind Bob, in the distance, the Amiris get into the car. Bob glances up at the roof and NODS ONCE, continuing to walk toward camera as -- The car EXPLODES. Bob walks on as if nothing happened.
8) 0) text: Tight on the game of Asteroids. The version from the 70's. Black and white triangle "spaceship" spinning, shooting white dots at drifting "rocks," breaking them up, only to create more rocks. A hand rapidly hits the firing button. ROBBY BAER, 16, concentrates, hits hyper space, smiles, remembers he has a retainer, hides his smile. He glances over at a cafe table where Bob and MARGARET BAER, 40's, frank and guarded in a way that is compelling, are having morning coffee. We realize that all around them are IRANIANS, that a crowd is massing in the street outside, and that Bob clearly doesn't want to have this conversation. MARGARET
8) 1) text: If you go back you get promoted. Which could open doors later. For consulting. BOB
8) 3) text: Have you thought about college? Has that made it onto the radar screen? BOB
8) 6) text: Bob's expression, not unkind, but familiar to her, says he knows exactly why she took Pakistan. MARGARET (CONT'D)
8) 7) text: I believe in what I'm doing, too. They look at each other. BOB
8) 9) text: Here we are. In the street it's turning into a full-blown protest. BOB
8) 11) text: What's he saying? BOB
24) 0) text: A line of commuter traffic from inside a car. Bob's eyes appear in the rearview. He sits in traffic.
25) 2) text: Okay, here's something. Put him up for a promotion. Bob's a good guy. He saved our ass in Beirut in '85. FRANKS (BEAT)
26) 2) text: Bob exits into downtown D.C, the traffic lightening. He goes through a tunnel. CUT TO:
27) 0) text: The idea of promoting Bob gains traction -- FRANKS
27) 1) text: Bob's a hero. They'll give him something good. He is an Iran expert. DIVISION CHIEF
27) 2) text: Fred, Bob's never had a desk job, never done nine-to-five. Can he show up to work everyday? Can he stay on message? (CONTINUED)     20 28 CONTINUED: 28 FRANKS
28) 0) text: Bob waits in a hard back chair. It's a spare, functional, highly polished place. Marines like statues stand guard. VOICES come from a partially open door across the hall.
29) 1) text: I need data supporting known facts. Because what I know is that in the entire region when we even whisper our support, those people are delegitimized. TERRY GEORGE, 40's, Deputy CIA Chief, quite a good guy to those in power, speaks to a DISTINGUISHED GENTLEMAN, 60's. Through the partially open door, one third of Bob is visible. DISTINGUISHED GENTLEMAN
30) 0) text: Terry George appears, crooks a finger. As Bob passes -- TERRY GEORGE
30) 1) text: Don't chomp down on any bait. He looms over Bob, pointedly taps Bob's files --
31) 0) text: Bob sweats slightly as he plows on, reading from notes. (CONTINUED)     22 32 CONTINUED: 32 BOB
31) 1) text: And our analysis seems to be on the mark... And we're getting good satellite coverage. Bob is clearly working from a script. Terry George is pleased and gives Bob the slightest of approving nods. BOB (CONT'D)
31) 3) text: Thank you for coming over, Mr. Baer. Welcome back and forgive me if I wade right in, but forgetting for a second your bureaucratic checklist, I'm trying to get undigested information, so if you could give me a reading of the temperature over there? Bob glances at Terry. Exasperated, Marilyn continues. MARILYN (CONT'D)
31) 4) text: India is now our ally. Russia is our ally. Even China will be an ally. Everybody between Morocco and Pakistan is the problem. Failed states and failed economies, but Iran is a natural cultural ally of the U.S. The Persians do not want to roll back the clock to the 8th century. I see students marching in the streets. I hear Khatami making the right sounds. And what I'd like to know is if we keep embargoing them on energy, then someday soon are we going to get a nice, secular, pro-Western, pro-business government? The steno guys type away. A long beat on Bob. BOB
31) 6) text: Of course it is, Mr. Baer. Thank you for your time. Bob looks to Terry who nods. Bob starts to leave. (CONTINUED)     23 32 CONTINUED: ( 2) 32 MARILYN (CONT'D)
31) 7) text: (sotto, to the room) Intelligence is the misnomer of the century. Bob stops. He can't help himself -- BOB
31) 10) text: These gentlemen are with the CLI. Bob has no idea what this is or whether he should answer. DISTINGUISHED GENTLEMAN
31) 11) text: The Committee for the Liberation of Iran, Mr. Baer. BOB
31) 12) text: We've had Iran in embargo for almost thirty years, we backed their neighbor, a neighbor we invaded twice, in a ten year war against them, we're hanging on by a thread with a massive occupation force, so I got news for you... Thomas Jefferson just ain't that popular over there right now. Silence except for the steno guys clicking away, then complete silence. Terry George stares at Bob a long beat. TERRY GEORGE
38) 3) text: Don't. Let him work this out. It's important for his autonomy. Max finds his courage, jumps, and disappears beneath the surface, then bobs up happily. Julie smiles. BRYAN
53) 1) text: I learned the value of diversity in my time at the Model U.N. And, across the rich leather and wood anteroom of a Princeton admissions office, Bob and Robby also wait. ROBBY
53) 2) text: Maybe you'll get made Ambassador to somewhere cool, like France or Italy or Ghana. What's your dad do? He's Ambassador to Ghana. That's so cool. I know. Bob looks over at his son like he doesn't really know who this person is, which he doesn't. BOB
53) 5) text: Do you know what mom's job is? BOB
53) 7) text: What did she do when you met her? BOB
54) 0) text: A college dive restaurant. The workers are all Lebanese immigrants. Bob and Robby eat at a small table. ROBBY
54) 1) text: I know it's a year away but I'll have to have a car. A decent car. Nothing fancy, but it has to run. So I can get into Boston and New York. They have a great crew. That's what they told me. I said, crew of what? Ha, ha. They said, rowing. So...if I want to row... Bob quickly finishes a glass of cheap, white wine. BOB
54) 3) text: Lebanese is like Vanilla. You want hot, try Pakistan. The men can't believe this kid speaks Arabic. Robby turns back to Bob and says what's really on his mind. ROBBY (CONT'D)
54) 4) text: I just want a normal senior year. I want to live in a normal house. I want Cinemax and prom. You know what prom is like in Pakistan? Prom sucks in Pakistan. Bob looks at his kid with love, the real thing. (CONTINUED)     37 56 CONTINUED: 56 BOB
54) 6) text: How? BOB
54) 8) text: What does Mom do again that we have to live in Islamabad? BOB
54) 10) text: Both of my parents are professional liars. Bob and Robby are the only occidentals in the place. CUT TO:
61) 0) text: Bob and Fred Franks walk down an institutional white corridor. FRANKS
61) 1) text: Nothing like the straight poop to wake 'em up on the 7th floor. And the Amiri brothers. Darn nice work. Darn nice. How're you finding everything? Must be a little slow-paced, a little dull? BOB
61) 3) text: What do you think intelligence work is, Bob? They turn a corner which gives way to another institutional white corridor. BOB
61) 5) text: No, Bob. It's assessing the information gathered from that favor and balancing it against all the other information gathered from all the other favors. Franks smiles. Opens a door to a white, windowless room.
62) 0) text: It's so white it's hard to see the lines of anything. PEOPLE around a conference table. DIVISION CHIEF, a woman in her 40's, patrician and smooth, at the head. Easels with pictures: Prince Nasir, MSA - the Egyptian With Blue Eyes. The EGYPT CHIEF is talking. Bob sits. DIVISION CHIEF
62) 1) text: Welcome, Bob. Good news. We have something for you, something we think you'll like, that makes use of your specific skill set.
62) 3) text: You know this guy? The Division Chief points to Prince Nasir on a street. BOB
62) 5) text: His money's in a lot of dark corners, paying for weapons that could be used against the USA. Franks slides Bob a thick file on Prince Nasir Al-Subaai. FRANKS (CONT'D)
62) 7) text: He's traveling to Beirut. You have some experience in Beirut, don't you, Bob? BOB
62) 10) text: I gotta get going a little early, my daughter's soccer tournament. The Division chief passes behind Bob's chair -- BOB
62) 12) text: Bob, you just don't get it. Nobody wants to hear about a missing missile, not right now. Besides, the ragheads'll never be able to figure out how it works. She leans down, taps the Nasir file, whispers.
63) 0) text: Happy hour at a mall pub. Bob and STANLEY "STAN" GOFF, 50's, moustache, glasses, windbreaker, ex-number three in CIA, smarter than he looks, drink beer and watch TV. STAN
63) 1) text: How's Margaret? Divorced yet? BOB
63) 3) text: I'm telling you, Bobby my boy, number three is the charm. BOB
63) 5) text: Patriotic men donating their time, whose only goals are the full employment-and personal safety of every American. Bob glances sideways at him. STAN (CONT'D)
63) 6) text: In that order. BOB
63) 8) text: There's nowhere left in the world to own a real bar, Bobby my boy, but I'll tell you one thing, you could quit right now, I'll get you hired back tomorrow as a. private consultant. You'll be doing the exact same job, sitting in the exact same office, only at double the salary. BOB
63) 9) text: I'm not doing anything sitting in that office. That's the problem. (to the Bartender) Bourbon rocks -- Bob glances up at the TV. ON TV: financial news, BRYAN WOODMAN in front of the trading floor at his company.
65) 0) text: Bob and Stan drunkenly exit T.J. O'Toole's into the standard suburban mall parking lot. There is a bright multiplex sign. FAMILIES and TEENAGERS stroll. STAN
65) 1) text: I like consulting. No, I love it. Love it. And I'll say this for it, private business is efficient. There I said it. Fucking cliche. And the CIA is like what, a thirty billion a year business. so anybody wants to sell anything, a pencil, a computer, they gotta interface through a security clearance -- don't give me shit -- I got two kids in college and we're doing our kitchen. BOB
65) 3) text: You talking about with your wife or the wackos? Bob doesn't say anything. He looks away. STAN (CONT'D)
65) 4) text: Clear it with Hezbollah... shit, I'm late to pick up Sue. Stan hits his remote lock and leaves Bob standing there. Wide shot of Bob alone in the mall lot gently sloping to IKEA cobalt blue in the distance. CUT TO:
69) 0) text: Bob rides in a taxi through the streets of Beirut, a city that was once the Paris of the Middle-East: dust, noise, construction cranes, and knock-off designer clothes.
69) 2) text: Southern Suburbs. Bob happily waves him on. Streets narrow. People stare. BOB
69) 4) text: If you feel like Shee-iteing your pants you know. The driver glances at Bob in the rearview. OUTSIDE a MAN has a gun stuck in his waistband. Another MAN on a roof has a rifle. A paranoid, guarded place. They turn and suddenly a metal gate is across the road. MEN pour out around the car. Flannel shirts, olive drab army shirts, beards, no beards, guns in waistbands. Bob's door is opened and he is yanked from the cab. BOB (CONT'D)
69) 5) text: I'm here to see Said Hashimi. They roughly frisk Bob. BOB (CONT'D)
69) 6) text: Hashimi. Said Hashimi. They take his pen, remove his belt, check his passport: it's Canadian. Bob's picture. The name is SEYMOUR RISEN. They check his license: the name is SEYMOUR RISEN. (CONTINUED)     53 73 CONTINUED: 73
69) 7) text: Bob is pushed into another vehicle. Someone pulls bills from Bob's wallet and flips them to the cabbie. The gate rises. The car pulls away. The gate drops. The cabbie is left standing there holding the bills.
70) 0) text: 1970's Arab architecture. Large room. Wide doorway. Wide hallway. Wide stairs. No direct sunlight or sight-lines. LOCAL FARMERS, WORKERS wait. Flannel crosses to Olive Drab. Both have guns in their waistbands. They talk quietly, then laugh. Bob sits on a low couch. Opaque glass separates two rooms and shadows move behind it. SOMEONE offers Bob hot tea. A door opens and a man signals for Bob, who gets up, holding his pants.
71) 0) text: Dim light. An air-conditioner hums in the wall. SAID HOSSEIN HASHIMI, 80's, Tolstoyan grey beard, turban, rheumy eyes, the spiritual leader of the Hezbollah, sits in a high-back chair in a corner. Bob sits in a high-back chair near Hashimi. The young men revere Hashimi and guard him carefully. SAID HASHIMI
71) 1) text: I have a good feeling about American people, Bob. A good people. A welcoming people. There are ten million Muslims in the U.S. I have over 300,000 followers in Detroit alone. BOB
71) 5) text: The power CUTS OUT. The air-conditioner SLOWLY DIES OUT. It's near dark in the room. The guards move nervously toward Bob and Said Hashimi. BOB
71) 6) text: I thought it would also be prudent to say, I have no interest in Hezbollah. This is business and it doesn't concern Hezbollah. In the distance a dog barks and chickens cluck. After a beat, Hashimi turns his rheumy eyes on Bob. HASHIMI
72) 0) text: An ancient grotto where the early Christians used to hide, be discovered, and executed. A tourist attraction, it's a cool, vast, dimly lit, subterranean space. Bob reads a description of a stalactite formation. He is alone, waiting for someone. The grotto ECHOES. In the distance, TWO ARAB SCHOOL CHILDREN, playing with the echoes, do a little dance step and rap out, in broken English, a well-known American SONG. MUSSAWI
72) 1) text: I gotta ask you one question. Amin Shehab... car accident? Bob turns to look at MUSSAWI, 30's, closely-shaved bullet head, seemingly good-natured, a businessman, he speaks English with a New Jersey accent. BOB
72) 3) text: The papers said heart attack. Bob nods pleasantly. (CONTINUED)     55 76 CONTINUED: 76 BOB
72) 5) text: Rumors of Bob, but never Bob. It is Bob, right? What is it you tell people you do these days, Bob? BOB
72) 6) text: I'm between State Department and Defense. Bob surreptitiously looks around to see if Mussawi is alone. It's clear Bob makes him nervous as well. MUSSAWI
72) 7) text: Just me, buddy, as requested. Bob reaches inside his jacket. Mussawi reaches in his. BOB
72) 9) text: My name is Mussawi. Bob hands a picture to Mussawi. BOB
72) 10) text: Okay, Jimmy. Mussawi glances down at the picture. It surprises him. ANGLE on the picture of PRINCE NASIR crossing a street. Bob has a small pad on which he scribbles a dollar figure. Mussawi glances at the number. He's impressed. MUSSAWI
72) 11) text: He's traveling to Beirut. It's dangerous to travel. He'll disappear. BOB
72) 13) text: It's good to have you back in town, Bob. (CONTINUED)     56 76 CONTINUED: ( 2) 76
87) 0) text: The elevator TONES at another floor. The elevator stops, the door opens and BOB stands there. PRINCE NASIR
87) 1) text: American? BOB
87) 2) text: Canadian. Nasir motions for them to squeeze together for Bob. The gate closes. The lift creaks and begins to rise. (CONTINUED)     66 92 CONTINUED: 92
87) 3) text: Nasir is looking at Bob. PRINCE NASIR
87) 4) text: Don't see many Occidentals these days. Bob doesn't say anything.
88) 0) text: Prince Nasir, Bryan, and bodyguards sit with a larger party across the rooftop garden. Bob sits by himself eating a sandwich. From below there is the distant THUMPING of a car stereo. A little bird dances along the railing watching for crumbs. All of Beirut is spread out below. PUSH past the bird over the railing where seven floors below a Toyota Land Cruiser pulls around the hotel.
90) 0) text: Bob puts down bills for his check. The waiter is nowhere to be seen. There's no one behind the bar. No one at the waiter's station. Bob glances over at Prince Nasir who is laughing at something in the Wall Street Journal.
92) 0) text: Bob outside his hotel room door. The hallway is empty.
93) 0) text: Bob enters his room, chaining the door. He turns and THREE MEN with guns are standing there. He's slammed against the door. Duct tape around his mouth, his arms taped back, his legs wrapped. A black duffel bag goes over him, swallowing the light.
98) 1) text: On a wooden table is a generator, a homemade shocking device the size of masonry brick with a long wire to the generator, and a thick pair of rubber gloves. Bob is duct-taped tightly to a chair. His face is battered. His mouth is cracked. He's severely dehydrated. His hands and feet are dark purple and swollen. A door opens. FOOTSTEPS. Mussawi's VOICE --
98) 3) text: Number two method? Number two: twisting arm, putting face in feces. Not interested in two. Number three? Number three they call pulling nails from fingers. What do you think, Bob? Does Number three sound good to you? He lets go of the generator and picks up an evil-looking pair of pliers the size of bolt-cutters. Bob's POV over his own hands as Mussawi approaches. MUSSAWI (CONT'D)
98) 4) text: The purpose is to get them to recant their beliefs. Mussawi circles behind Bob who tries to speak but his throat is too dry. Other MEN hold the chair steady. MUSSAWI (CONT'D)
98) 5) text: What if I had to get you to' recant? That would be difficult, right? Because if you have no beliefs to recant, then what? Bob wiggles his hands as if they could escape. SOMEONE mashes Bob's right hand flat, splaying the fingers. MUSSAWI (CONT'D)
98) 7) text: Bob, you're gonna give me the name of every person who has taken money from you. Bob stares at him. Says nothing. Slowly Mussawi pulls with the pliers. Bob's eyes half- close. Mussawi jerks away. There's a fingernail in the pliers. Mussawi retches. MUSSAWI (CONT'D)
98) 8) text: Ugh. That's disgusting. Bob is dazed. They throw water in his face. MUSSAWI (CONT'D)
98) 9) text: Come on, Bob. Help me out here. As water drips down Bob's face he holds his tongue out and drinks. His voice returns. BOB (RE: MSA)
98) 11) text: The name is Mussawi. TIGHT ON the pliers and nail as, ever so slowly, it is ripped from Bob's hand.
98) 13) text: You fucking fuck, fucking fuck stupid fuck, what the fuck. This is war you fuck. You're a P.O.fuckingW. Give me the fucking names. From Bob's POV Mussawi loses his shit. He starts battering Bob, blood flying in ropes, the chair sliding across the floor. The men watch without expression. (CONTINUED)     70 104 CONTINUED: 104
98) 14) text: The force of a blow knocks the chair over and Bob's POV is tilted against the floor. He hears his HEART and ragged BREATH. From this angle, he sees Mussawi cross to the table where he picks up a handsaw.
105) 1) text: We just received a dispatch from Damascus, eight minutes old. Mussawi's shopping a story that we sent Bob to Beirut to assassinate Prince Nasir. The Division Chief drops her cigarette in a coffee can.
106) 6) text: He's got Bob's name? DIVISION CHIEF
106) 7) text: Not his real name. But he's shopping photos of them doing the deal, long lens. Photos of Bob being held. He's lucky he's alive. FRANKS
106) 9) text: Put some air between us and Bob. Bob has a long history of entrepreneurial operations. We haven't really had a handle on Bob for years. After nine one one, some people got too much leeway, let their emotions get the best of them. These are complex times. There's already an active investigation into Bob's actions in, help me out here -- They begin to spin the line together. FRANKS
106) 11) text: .We're trying to find out who, might have hired Bob for the Amiri brothers job. Could the same people be behind the Nasir job? A lot of people seem to want this Prince Nasir dead and Bob knows a lot of people. (DONE)
107) 0) text: At the end of a depressing hallway, Bob sits in a chair, his bandaged hands in front of him.
107) 4) text: Yes. Bob is framed by two, not-bright CIA SECURITY OFFICERS.
107) 7) text: Were you aware they were involved in the illegal arms trade? BOB
108) 0) text: Bob in his bed. He stares out the window at a red brick wall, a fragment of sky. He sees MARGARET in the doorway. MARGARET
108) 2) text: They wouldn't give me any information. I didn't know how to find you, what I'd find... He pulls her close, careful of his bandaged hands. BOB
108) 5) text: Where were you, Bob? He looks at her; he can't tell her the truth. MARGARET (CONT'D)
108) 7) text: Bob, please tell me where you were and tell me what happened. Please. Bob motions for her to come closer. (CONTINUED)     80 119 CONTINUED: 119 BOB
112) 0) text: A vending machine HISSES filling a cup. Bob presses the extra dark button, bandages on the tips of his fingers. Bob looks over and sees people staring. They look away.     82
113) 0) text: Bob stands in front of an ASSISTANT'S desk. ASSISTANT
113) 1) text: she's in a meeting. BOB
114) 0) text: Bob behind his desk. He turns to his computer. ON THE SCREEN: CIA proprietary software. He brings up a search for PRINCE NASIR AL-SUBAAI. He hesitates. Finally, he hits return. ON THE SCREEN: PRINCE NASIR AL-SUBAAI - BLACKTAPE FILE. ACCESS DENIED. Bob carefully types with his damaged fingers.
116) 0) text: Bob pulls up on the quiet street. He checks the rear-view where a car with two MEN are following him. Bob pops a book on tape in and waits. It's Anna Karenina in Farsi. Fred Franks pulls into his driveway and gets out of the car. His WIFE appears at the front door and his kids gambol around -- exactly the tableau Bob has never had. Fred doesn't see Bob until Bob is right on him. BOB
116) 1) text: Fred. Fred turns and sees Bob, looks around uncomfortably. BOB (CONT'D)
116) 3) text: (to his wife) Honey, take the kids inside, would you? I'll be in in a sec. Bob and Fred watch the family go up the walk.
116) 6) text: You gotta understand. This wrecks careers. I shouldn't even be talking to you. BOB
116) 8) text: I'm advising you to drop it. (CONTINUED)     84 127 CONTINUED: 127 BOB
116) 10) text: Goodbye, Bob. Lifting up to see Bob isolated in the grid of identical, treeless houses. CUT TO:
125) 0) text: DEATH FIST III! BROSNAN IS BOND! Bob walks past posters in an air-conditioned theater lobby. A bored concession stand WORKER ignores him.
126) 0) text: An empty matinee. Bob sits next to Stan Goff. STAN
126) 2) text: They're worried you may want to talk about it. But if you're already under investigation? BOB
126) 4) text: Mussawi's a soldier. He's just like you. Bob stares at Stan who continues. STAN (CONT'D)
126) 5) text: Maybe he found God. Maybe he was having a bad day. Maybe Americans shouldn't travel these days. BOB
126) 7) text: Tell people what they want to hear and they have a better chance of believing you. People were paid to lie, coached on their polygraphs. Single sources spread through different intelligence agencies that don't communicate with each other. You know how it's done. BOB
135) 0) text: It's early morning. A couple of drunks at the counter. Bob is at a booth with a mug of coffee. Dean Whiting appears outside the window, enters the restaurant, sits. BOB
135) 3) text: I got a peek at your file. You're a good man, one whose experience is narrow and deep. Your entire career you've been used and probably never even known what for. BOB
135) 4) text: I didn't used to need to know. A Grand Slam Breakfast is set in front of Bob. WHITING
135) 5) text: In this town, you're innocent until you're investigated. Bob looks up and squints at the waitress' name-tag. BOB
135) 6) text: Bacon looks perfect, Deborah. Bob puts syrup on the pancakes. Eats a piece of bacon. BOB (CONT'D)
135) 7) text: Innocent until investigated. That's nice. It has a nice ring to it. I bet you've worn some miles on little sayings like that. Very wise, gives the listener the sense of law being written as it's spoken. (BEAT) (MORE) (CONTINUED)     100 147 CONTINUED: 147 BOB (CONT'D)
135) 10) text: Beirut rules, Mr. Baer? Whiting loves the game. Bob looks tired, maybe a little sad. BOB
135) 12) text: You still do, Mr. Baer. You still do. Bob stares at him. BOB
144) 0) text: Bob rides up an escalator, changing planes in the early morning. He sees his wife watching him.
145) 0) text: Bob and Margaret sit in uncomfortable, connected chairs. BOB
145) 4) text: And maybe for you to want the same for me. After a beat, she reaches over and takes his hand. A wide shot of Bob and Margaret holding hands in the lounge, the plane lifting off behind them -- CUT TO:
148) 1) text: I wanted to be on a bobsled in the Olympics. I wanted to drive. That was my dream. The men have no idea what he's talking about. He sees Wasim walking toward him. SALEEM (CONT'D)
148) 2) text: Wasim! Bobsled! (to the men) Wasim knows what a bobsled is. WASIM
148) 4) text: Wasim, tell them about the bobsled. WASIM
149) 0) text: On the edge of the city, Bob sits in a traffic jam in the glaring sun, heat waves flickering. His POV of a white bus full of migrant workers in blue jumpsuits. CUT TO:
161) 0) text: Bob is driving fast now. The modern city is behind him. Lift up to see the Mitsubishi heading into the desert, an eight lane highway heading to nowhere. CUT TO:
170) 0) text: Bob speeds toward the sheep who are again blocking the road. He pulls up to them and honks. Nothing happens. SHEPHERDS on camels stare. He inches the car forward. Bob's SUV is steadily engulfed by sheep. Then he can't go any further. He forces the door open and gets out.
171) 0) text: Cacophonous sheep BELLS and sheep SOUNDS, hooves in sand. The sun is brutal. Bob climbs onto the hood. HIS POV ahead in the desert, beyond the sheep, of Prince Nasir's convoy is rapidly disappearing. And THE HIGHWAY CURVING to the right.
172) 0) text: Bob slams the car into reverse and begins backing out of the sheep. It's slow going. Sheep getting bumped, BAAING loudly, as Bob reverses. CUT TO:
174) 0) text: Bob gets free of the sheep. He turns off the highway and drives out into the desert, going around the giant flock, so that he can cut the convoy off at an angle. A wizened SHEPHERD on a camel watches the SUV go. The watering trucks continue SWISH, SWISH, SWISHING. CUT TO:
179) 0) text: Bob races across the white desert. Ahead, through the windshield, the convoy angles along the highway. CUT TO:     123
181) 0) text: Bob is closing on the front of the convoy, maybe a hundred yards off. He can see Prince Nasir. He pulls a WHITE SHIRT from the backseat and starts waving it out the window. CUT TO:
185) 0) text: The SCREAMING baby takes the bottle and quiets. Prince Nasir makes eye contact with his wife and smiles. A bodyguard in the front hears something over the radio and points out to the desert -- Nasir turns and looks at Bob's car fast approaching -- CUT TO:
186) 0) text: Bob angles the car in tighter, waving the white flag. Nasir's bodyguards point their weapons. CUT TO:
187) 0) text: Prince Nasir sees him. They make eye contact -- A bodyguard begins shouting into a walkie-talkie. Other vehicles race forward and surround Bob's car, forcing it to stop.
188) 0) text: Soldiers with their weapons on Bob. He steps from his car holding the white shirt in front of him. (CONTINUED)     125 200 CONTINUED: 200 BOB
188) 1) text: It's okay. It's okay. Bob slowly. approaches Prince Nasir's vehicle. They stare at one another. Nasir lowers his window. PRINCE NASIR
188) 2) text: I remember you. You're the Canadian. Tight on Bob. He starts to speak --
191) 0) text: The Prince Nasir convoy is scattered like toys. People broken with shock and awe. Debris is still falling. Find Bryan moving forward through smoke and overturned vehicles, the only sound the BUZZING/RINGING in his ears. Bryan's POV of a burning crater in the road. Nasir's car and family are completely incinerated. And nearby Bob's car is a massive ball of flame. CUT TO:
198) 0) text: A MAN cleans out Bob's office, putting files into boxes. Another MAN puts photos into a box.