6) 2) dialog: My name's Dangerous Dillard Fightin! Flippo Bam-Bam Barch cutta Broward county, Texas-- FREEZE him in mid sentence. SCRAP V.O. Danger showed up a coupl'a years back.
7) 0) text: Danger steps outta the passenger seat of a beat up old Do pickup, looks around. SCRAP V.O. He'd come visitin' L.A. with Ervel, his momma's new boyfriend. The Dodge disappears in a cloud of exhaust.
7) 2) text: Danger walks off down the sidewalk. (CONTINUED)
8) 0) text: Danger stands across the counter from EDDIE SCRAP IRON DU a long- retired fighter who cleans up around the gym in exchange for living in the back room. In his day, Scrap w a hell of a fighter, and he still keeps himsel= fit. He lost the sight in one eye years ago.
8) 1) dialog: I gots nothin' against niggers.
8) 3) dialog: Lotsa people where I comes from does, but my mamma taught me not to cause hurt to no man, niggers or not.
8) 5) dialog: I'd likes to become the Welterweight Champion of the world. iL INT. HIT PIT - BACK TO THE PRESENT - DAY 1 As Danger unfreezes and picks up where he left off.
8) 6) dialog: -- and I challenge the Motor City Cobra Thomas Hit Man Hearns to fight me for the WBA Welterweight Championship of the whole world! (CONTINUED)
8) 9) dialog: I'll fight any man, anytime! The gym rats laugh.
8) 12) dialog: Will do, Mist Scrap! Danger goes back to throwing his best pitty-pat punches i the air. Shawrelle and his buddies laugh and mimic him. SCRAP V.0. Shawrelle Berry had a left hook that eould move'a tank. But he had a heart the size of a split pea. Frankie steps out of his back office, throwing a look tow Danger as he heads to the front desk.
13) 8) text: Danger is by the ice chest, holding a bottle of frozen wa looking at the top and the bottom, as if it's one of the seven wonders of the world. (CONTINUED)
20) 4) dialog: I don't fights women. Shawrelle circles, looking Maggie up and down as she poun away.
20) 14) dialog: Canvas had titties.
20) 16) dialog: Look at me! I'm Shawrelle! And Danger falls flat on the floor, mouthing the mat. Shawrelle simmers as everyone else busts a gut.
23) 0) text: It's slow time, late morning. Scrap wears the punch mitts for Danger, who has his hands in the air announcing:
23) 1) dialog: ~-and I challenge the Motor City Cobra Thomas Hit Man Hearns to fight me for the WBA Welterweight Championship of the whole world! SCRAP V.O. No one had the heart to tell Danger that Hearns retired years ago.
23) 5) dialog: Workin! on my footwork, Mist Scrap. Frankie enters, passing.
23) 9) dialog: Thinking how I'm gonna hit it hard, Mist Scrap!
86) 2) text: He hangs up, looks out at the gym. Sees DANGER hunched ov the ice chest, closely inspecting a bottle of frozen wate Serap appears in the doorway with a bucket and mop. (CONTINUED)
86) 23) dialog: Mist Scrap? I got a question, but I feel stupid askin' it.
86) 25) dialog: How'd you get the ice in here through this little tiny hole? I been thinkin! on it, can't figure it out.
86) 29) dialog: You can do that? You can show me?
86) 31) dialog: And I was thinkin’ I might be ready for a fight.
86) 33) dialog: You don't?
88) 0) text: Danger works himself into a sweat. SCRAP V.O. Maybe you'd still just end up in the wrong place at the wrong time. Sorap passes Shawrelle coming out of the dressing room.
88) 10) dialog: in the ring at the far side of the gym, Shawrelle giving Danger a terrible beating.
88) 15) dialog: How'd I do, Mist Scrap?
88) 21) dialog: No, I won't, Mist Scrap. TI shoulda knowed. Scrap can't look in his eyes. He reaches for Danger's glo
88) 23) dialog: I can do her, just untie the knots. Serap does and Danger manages to tug them off.
89) 0) text: Scrap steps out onto the sidewalk, looks up and down the empty street. Danger is gone.
122) 2) dialog: Got to thinking what you said, Mist Scrap.
122) 4) dialog: Anybody can lose one fight.
122) 6) dialog: Sure will, Mist. Scrap.