59) 14) dialog: Margaret Fitzgerald? Frankie steers Maggie over to the nurse, who walks her of
95) 0) text: Maggie opens her eyes to find a nurse and a resident inse a tube in her throat. SCRAP V.O. Maggie couldn't eat right, so they fed her through a stomach tube. Then she got pneumonia, her lungs filled with fluid and had to be pumped out. Maggie closes her eyes. They start the pump.
97) 0) text: Frankie watches from the hall as another nurse and reside voll Maggie on her side. SCRAP V.O. There were biood clots in her legs and problems with hemoglobin. To induce a daily bowel movement, she was placed on her side and pressure was applied to her lower abdomen. We can't see what the resident is doing, but we can assum he's inserting tube in her rectum. Maggie catches Frankie eye. He gives her a little smile.
104) 0) text: Frankie watches from the nearest chair as the nurses and resident go through the painstaking procedure of getting Maggie into her special wheelchair. SCRAP V.0. Evergreen was a nice place. They took good care of Maggie. She wouldn't have complained if they hadntt. (MORE)
111) 13) dialog: Down here. Frankie thinks about stopping them. Knows he can't. J.D. bumps Frankie's shoulder in passing. Frankie waits there as they disappear into her room. He walks to the window, knowing whatever's going on in that room isn't going to be good. He goes to the soda machine, deposits some change. Nothing comes out. He kicks it.
116) 0) text: Frankie hustles down the corridor, met by an intern, who talks as he tries to keep up. SCRAP V.O. In the middle of the night, Maggie'd found her own solution. She bit off her tongue. Frankie fires into the room, shoving aside a male nurse t see Maggie, trying to fight away the doctor by banging he head back and forth. Frankie grabs her head, holds it, lo into her wild eyes as the doctor administers another shot
119) 1) dialog: Wetre keeping her sedated so she won't try that again. Frankie nods, watches the nurse leave. Looks at Maggie's eyes fluttering, trying to find him. Lost. He stands, kis her head.
121) 0) text: He walks down the corridor. The night nurse is on rounds, the desk lies empty. He steps into...