0) 5) dialog: Manita! It’s almost one...! Startled, Cleo exclaims -
0) 28) dialog: (In Mixtec) Hurry up, manita! Fermin is on the phone! Cleo hurries and goes inside the house to answer.
0) 32) dialog: (In Mixtec) So, what did he say?
0) 34) dialog: Sure... Now you’ve stolen my boyfriend, right?
0) 36) dialog: Ay, manita! Look at you! I’m just messing with you. I only went out twice with him and didn’t even let him kiss me. We hear the street door opening and with it a commotion o kids.
1) 0) text: The frosted glass panels light up and we hear - A horn honking - Ta-ta ta-ta ta-ta ta-taaaaaaa! Behind the door, the powerful and tantalizing hum of a V8 From inside the car, booms XELA radio station playing “Un bal” from Symphonie Fantastique. BORRAS immediately starts barking at the door. Cleo and Adela rush to the patio-
1) 1) dialog: Well, he’s in early. Cleo grabs Borras and drags him to the back of the patio. 16.
1) 23) dialog: Orale!
1) 26) dialog: Just don’t take too long... She grabs a pot and pours water from a carboy on the floo
1) 37) dialog: You took forever! Cleo takes off her dress, rushing.
1) 40) dialog: Ready?
1) 42) dialog: (groaning) One... And they work on their abs, one after the other - ADELA (CONT’D) (groaning) Two... Between grunts and groans. Sunday, September 20th, 1970
1) 46) dialog: (breathless) ...No...we’re...tied... Cleo simply shakes her head no.
1) 49) dialog: No silly! Boom, boom, sending me letter after letter... Every time she speaks, Cleo puts her hand over her mouth
1) 51) dialog: Well, that he couldn’t stop thinking about me... about how much he missed me... wanted to see me...
1) 53) dialog: That he felt so alone without me...
1) 55) dialog: That he couldn’t take not seeing me no more...
1) 57) dialog: And so my cousin, he comes over from the village to run some errands and brings me another letter from Moisés...
1) 59) dialog: And so he pulls out the letter and gives it to me... But the letter was there with a bunch of other letters, and as he’s pulling it out, they all spill onto the floor. And so I see one with Moisés’s handwriting, and so I just take it and I open it...! Following the story, Cleo has stopped chewing - ADELA (CONT’D) And sure enough, it was Moisés’s. I can’t stop thinking about you... I want to see you.... I feel so alone without you... I miss you so...
1) 61) dialog: Sure. Except the letter was for another girl!
1) 64) dialog: That bastard sends the same letter to all the girls! The both explode in laughter, covering their mouths with their hands. Other diners turn around and they both hide their faces, trying to repress their laughter. AT THE ENTRANCE -— Two men walk into the torta stand and look around. They s Cleo and Adela sitting at the bar and walk towards them. RAMON, 27, affable, a little overweight and with sideburn wearing a purple shirt with four buttons open down the fr FERMIN, 26, is shy and a little sullen, with the sculpted body of an athlete over which he sports a t-shirt and a leather jacket.
1) 66) dialog: Ramén! The two hug and kiss luxuriantly. Fermin walks over with a shy smile. Cleo gets up and they awkwardly kiss hello.
1) 67) dialog: You want a torta? Timidly, Fermin points to his stomach -
1) 74) dialog: What movie are we watching?
1) 83) dialog: So, manita, no movies for you?
1) 85) dialog: (interrupts) Uuuuuuuuuuuuyyyyyy! Right... well, you'll tell me all about it later, Manita. I prefer the darkness. And she walks off with Ramdén who is waiting to go inside theater. Fermin walks back to Cleo and they leave. The street vendors continue their chorus. The organ playe quiet.
1) 156) dialog: Why didn’t you wake me?
1) 225) dialog: Good morning, sir...
1) 227) dialog: Thirty. The old man takes his hat off to cool his straight white damp with sweat. His Indigenous face is furrowed by deep wrinkles. He bends over, puts his hands in the sack and p out -
1) 232) dialog: C’mon manita, you take it. Cleo takes the platter and walks towards the living room. Adela walks with her but stops at the door.
17) 2) text: The old man gets up and Adela pays him with a crumpled 20 peso bill. Further back, Cleo holds on to Borras, who tries to lunge the old man with each bark. The old man slowly carries the immense sack of oranges an puts it on his back. He starts walking towards -
21) 0) text: The house is quiet again. Cleo washes dishes. Adela puts them away on the shelves.
21) 1) dialog: You head up, manita, I'll finish up here... The Galaxie 500 honks its horn - Ta-ta Ta-ta Ta-ta Ta-taaaaaaaa! ADELA (CONT’D) I’ll go. Adela goes out the small patio and to the patio. Cleo wal to the breakfast room.
23) 0) text: Ta-ta! Ta-ta! Ta-taaaaaaaa! Adela walks to the street door, lit from the outside by t car's headlights. Ta-ta! Ta-ta! Ta-taaaaaaaa! Adela opens the door, revealing - The mighty Galaxie 500 headlights lighting the patio. The car pulls in slowly but - Kkkkkkkjj355355k! Its left side scratches against the door frame. 98.
34) 2) dialog: Move it!
35) 1) dialog: It’s the sharpener! Move it! Cleo! But Cleo remains motionless. The fateful whistle fades away slowly and disappears. Borras and the parakeets calm down. Everything is in silence. The afternoon light abates. Cleo doesn’t move.
36) 0) text: Cleo watches Adela open the street door while she grabs Borras by the collar. She discovers - A PALE YELLOW RENAULT 21 parked in front of the door. It and pulls in, easily crossing the doorframe and continuin its way up to the hallway door. Paco and Pepe peek out from the hall and see their mother the wheel of the Renault. Paco cries out -
44) 0) text: The house rests patiently, resigned to enjoy the last ray sun. The Jr. high marching band turns the corner and heads int the street with its martial drums and trumpets. The Galaxie 500 pulls into the street and follows the ban read guard until it parks in front of the house. Tofio immediately opens the door and stretches out on the stree Pepe comes out after him, running to the door, holding hi privates and ringing the doorbell. Borras answers by bark Sefiora Sofia comes out of the car and opens the trunk, S comes out after her. Cleo comes out last and heads to the trunk as well. Adela opens the door holding Borras by the collar. Pepe r through the door and rushes in.
45) 16) dialog: I’m going to the store, there’s no ham. How was it then?