5) 22) dialog: You sure you can carry that? 61.
5) 25) dialog: As if!
5) 27) dialog: Where you going? Cleo stops. Benita is standing next to a door -
5) 28) dialog: You've gone too far. What? Since you're pregnant you forget everything? Cleo smiles and walks back. INT. - CHILDREN’S ROOM - HACIENDA - DAY A hall full of bunk beds, rudimentary but functional. The are several bags next to the beds and there are toys on t of some already. Lined up along all the walls there are stuffed dog heads. Cleo leaves the luggage next to a bunk bed and looks at t heads.
5) 29) dialog: Sefior José had the room redecorated. They’re the Hacienda dogs. Look... They were all in storage. They look at a German Shepherd’s head with glass eyes. 62.
5) 31) dialog: Look, that there is Pirata. He lived here in 1911. A small plaque confirms this. It also indicates his name Pirata. Cleo looks on, impressed.
5) 33) dialog: And do you remember Canela?
5) 35) dialog: Look at her. Cleo looks at an Irish Setter’s head.
5) 37) dialog: She died during the summer. Cleo looks at Canela, horrified.
5) 68) dialog: Come her for a sec. 68.
5) 70) dialog: Just come over for a sec. Cleo looks around -
5) 72) dialog: What? Is a kid going to cry because he lost at marbles or his brother stepped on him? Cleo looks at her, amused, and follows her. They cross th room to the entrance.
6) 0) text: Benita guides Cleo, who follows amused and curious down t corridor lit with candles. The leave the MAMBO behind and down -
7) 0) text: The stone staircase leads down to an internal patio that doubles as storage. A couple of men chat, lit by the light from a kitchen win Inside there’s a racket around an accordion exhaling a ranchera-style polka. Three dogs meander about the patio, waiting for a New Yea gift. Benita and Cleo walk into -
8) 3) dialog: What’1l you have?
8) 5) dialog: What? You’re not going to toast the New Year with us? What, you only speak English now?
8) 7) dialog: A drink on New Year’s will do it good. Celebrate while you can. See that guy with the hat? Cleo sees a man with a hat talking somberly with two othe men -
8) 8) dialog: They killed his son in August. The villagers did. Because of a land dispute. Cleo looks at him, moved.
8) 9) dialog: You got life?
8) 11) dialog: I mean liquor. 70.
8) 14) dialog: That's the spirit! She pours pulque into a jar and hands it to Cleo. The two toast.
8) 15) dialog: Here’s to a beautiful 1971 and to your baby’s health!
8) 16) dialog: Cheers! Benita takes the jar to her lips and Cleo draws her pulqu close to hers when Gloria trips dancing her quebradita an bumps into Cleo. Before even touching her lips, the pulque jar falls to th ground and shatters into a million pieces.
8) 18) dialog: No sweat. You dance, we got plenty more where that came from! She pours pulque into a new jar. Gloria keeps dancing. Cl holds the other pulque but looks worriedly down at the shattered jar on the floor. INT. —- INTERNAL PATIO - STAIRS - HACIENDA - NIGHT Cleo exits the kitchen. She’s a little tipsy. The patio i empty except for the dogs who follow her until she reache the stairs that lead up to - EXT. — CORRIDOR - HACIENDA - NIGHT Cleo walks down the candle-lit corridor and back into the living room where “Mummy Blues” is playing on the stereo. sees a silhouette resting on the balustrade: it’s Sefiora Sofia. 71.
10) 0) text: The Iztaccihuatl sleeps, immense, behind the hills and du crops. The afternoon light filters through rain-leaden clouds. A group of children run and explore. Tofio, Pepe de la Barcena, Ricky, Paco, Rodri, Alex and Eduardo lead the front throwing each other football passe Paco, Rodri, and Alex chase after chameleons in the furro Lola and Clau walk next to them. Vero, Sofi, Gerardo, And and July are further back. Pepe and Andy walk with Yola. Cleo walks with Benita. The dogs run everywhere. Alex cha after a chameleon, Rodri and Paco follow.
10) 1) dialog: Don’t run too far. We’ll just reach to the outskirts and come back! Paco stops-—
10) 3) dialog: The hillside. Paco laughs.
10) 5) dialog: The outskirts... well, the slopes then!