0) 0) text: Yellow triangles inside red squares. Water spreading over tiles. Grimy foam. The tile floor of a long and narrow patio stretching thro the entire house: On one end, a black metal door gives on the street. The door has frosted glass windows, two of wh are broken, courtesy of some dejected goalee. CLEO, Cleotilde/Cleodegaria Gutiérrez, a Mixtec indigenou woman, about 26 years old, walks across the patio, nudgin water over the wet floor with a squeegee. As she reaches the other end, the foam has amassed in a corner, timidly showing off its shiny little white bubble but - A GUSH OF WATER surprises and drags the stubborn little bubbles to the corner where they finally vanish, whirling into the sewer. Cleo picks up the brooms and buckets and carries them to
0) 6) dialog: Ay, chict...! She exits the bedroom carrying dirty laundry. In the hallway, she gathers the pile of clothing and carr it, hurrying down the stairs.
0) 13) dialog: What’s wrong?
0) 15) dialog: Well, let’s go then so we can get home. As soon as we get there you can go straight to bed!
0) 18) dialog: Of course you can! Come on! Let’s go!
0) 20) dialog: If I went to bed every time I thought “I can’t”, I would live in bed!
0) 22) dialog: Come on, there’s pasta soup... Pepe gets up —
0) 26) dialog: C'mon little soldier, 1, 2, 3, 4... march! The two march hand in hand.
0) 30) dialog: Hello?
0) 33) dialog: Nothing! He just called to say hi! Cleo picks up dishes and glasses, carries them out. Adela stirs the soup. Cleo comes in again and opens the silverware drawer.
0) 37) dialog: They’re here... Cleo exits to -
0) 45) dialog: Jesus! And what happened to him?
0) 47) dialog: Horrible! TA enters through the hallway door, carrying a nd a bunch of papers from the dining room table -
0) 54) text: Cleo, please don’t let the kids touch those papers-they’re exams I have to grade.
0) 56) dialog: No, love. Strawberries and cream.
0) 58) dialog: What about you, Tofno?
0) 74) dialog: You know you can’t come up here.
0) 77) dialog: Your mom is going to be angry. But Paco has started his game, pulling Pepe along with hi
0) 79) dialog: Just don’t play next to the edge.
0) 87) dialog: What happened to you? Without opening his eyes, Pepe answers from the ground.
0) 89) dialog: Well, let’s go down then.
0) 91) dialog: Then come back to life, we have to go down!
0) 93) dialog: Now what am I going to do without my Pepe!? Cleo sits on the ground next to Pepe, who remains motionl
0) 94) dialog: I can’t live without my Pepe! Cleo lies down next to Pepe, arms also extended, and clos her eyes - 12.
0) 96) dialog: I’m also dead. And so she remains still, Pepe next to her. A DC 8 flies overhead. Pepe opens an eye to see Cleo. She’s not moving and seems to be breathing at all. Pepe reaches his hand and takes Cleo’s.
0) 99) dialog: I’m dead.
0) 101) dialog: Didn't you say that was impossible?
0) 106) dialog: I’m playing your game. Let’s see... shall we play a little longer? Pepe lies down next to her, arms outstretched. 13.
0) 108) dialog: Close your eyes. They both close their eyes.
0) 109) dialog: I like being dead. Pepe holds her hand. The two of them lie dead on the roof - The afternoon quiet hours have begun. Church bells ring i the distance. All around them, a landscape of roofs mushrooming in all directions. In many of them, other women wash or hang laundry. The wi carries the hum of different radios and dogs barking. The whistle of a sweet potato cart. The quiet universe.
0) 112) dialog: And why would I die?
0) 114) dialog: You're killing me all the time... Pepe is getting annoyed.
0) 115) text: Well, it’s a game! Tell me already... heaven or hell? Cleo fills a small bucket with water and tells
0) 116) dialog: Let’s see, close your eyes... As she pours water to rinse her hair.
0) 117) dialog: I'd fly straight up to heaven with my little wings.
0) 119) dialog: Sli-ding...? Sofi laughs -
0) 122) dialog: (uninterested) Hell?
0) 124) dialog: Photos?
0) 126) dialog: Ay chica! horrible! Stop talking about that...! 14. Sofi - 15.
0) 129) dialog: What do you mean it doesn’t matter? What about all the fire? Pepe laughs -
0) 131) dialog: What? But didn’t you say they burn people there?
1) 0) text: The frosted glass panels light up and we hear - A horn honking - Ta-ta ta-ta ta-ta ta-taaaaaaa! Behind the door, the powerful and tantalizing hum of a V8 From inside the car, booms XELA radio station playing “Un bal” from Symphonie Fantastique. BORRAS immediately starts barking at the door. Cleo and Adela rush to the patio-
1) 3) dialog: Don’t you know he’s leaving tomorrow? Adela begins to open the door. Pepe and Sofi peek out from the hall. Holding Borras, Cle orders them to -
1) 4) dialog: Wait there! The V8 impatiently purrs behind the door and finally - Adela opens the door to reveal - The front of a 1970 2-DOOR BLACK GALAXIE 500. Its powerfu headlights flood the patio all the way to the back, light Cleo who holds Borras. The Galaxie 500 slowly pulls in but it’s too large for th space, leaving only about an inch on each side of the doo The front of the car is in, then it breaks - The left side is about to touch the door frame. The tires turn right accompanied by the SCREECH of rubber against tile. The Galaxie 500 moves further in but then breaks again - The right side is about to touch. The black power steering wheel turns and - The wheels veer left, SCREECHING. It echoes through the patio, syncopated with the waltz emanating from the radio. Sefiora Sofia comes to the hall door next to Sofi and Pep
1) 18) dialog: Yes, ma'am?
1) 20) dialog: Yes, ma'am. She picks up the plates from the floor and heads downstai
1) 22) dialog: Move over! She bumps Adela with her hip.
1) 24) dialog: Make some chamomile tea for the senora and get going. 20.
1) 30) dialog: Angelito de la Guarda, mi dulce compania, no me desampares ni de noche ni de dia. No me dejes sola que me perderia... (My guardian angel, sweet company, don’t leave me alone day or night. Don’t leave alone because I’d be lost...) She strokes her face -
1) 31) dialog: Night-night, beautiful Sofi... And she gives her a kiss. 21.
1) 38) dialog: Turn the light off already! Sefiora Teresa gets angry if she sees the light on! Adela shuts the light and the room is dark although the window is big and lets the moonlight in. Cleo lights a ca and puts it on the floor. 22.
1) 41) dialog: Go... The two of them push the upper parts of their bodies toge and try to touch their toes -
1) 45) dialog: (breathless) «-.I won...
1) 48) dialog: (laughing) Boom, boom...boom?
1) 50) dialog: (curious ) What all was he writing about?
1) 52) dialog: Aaaaaaayyyyyyy---! 24. (CONT'D)
1) 54) dialog: Poor guy!
1) 56) dialog: Aaaaaaay...
1) 58) dialog: And?
1) 60) dialog: Pobrecito! Such a nice guy!
1) 62) dialog: Noooooo! She's floored, mouth wide open, a half-chewed piece of to still in her mouth. 25.
1) 77) dialog: Sure. I like movies, don’t you? 27.
1) 80) dialog: Yep, sure is clear. She looks at him -
1) 81) dialog: You want to go to the Alameda? Fermin smiles at her.
1) 84) dialog: Well... it’s so nice out, no?
1) 88) dialog: So, do you train every day?
1) 93) dialog: Oh! Sorry...! Fermin pulls her in again and kisses her intensely and wi his mouth locked on Cleo’s he lies down slowly on top of They make love. Wednesday, November 11th, 1970. INT- MAID’S QUARTERS - TEPEJI 21 - DAWN The alarm bell rings. Cleo wakes up and turns it off. She sits up on her bed. The early morning light comes in the window and the house quiet. Adela sleeps placidly in her bed. Cleo gets up in a rush, takes her clothes from the chair, puts on her shoes and hurries out the door.
1) 97) dialog: My little girl... my beautiful little one... She tickles her midriff -
1) 98) dialog: Rise and shine... wake up, wake up... it’s a new dawn, it’s a new day... The tickling inches up Sofi’s torso like an army of ants. Sofi smiles but pretends to sleep.
1) 99) dialog: Up, up, up little by little... Sofi finally breaks into laughter and drowsily moves her arms.
1) 100) dialog: Good morning, my little princess... Sofi hugs her neck. 31.
1) 101) dialog: Andali! Get up... Sofi gets up -
1) 103) dialog: Get going already! Sofi leaves the room and crosses the hall sleepily while places a clean school uniform on the bed. Sefiora Teresa walks out of her bedroom and sees Sofi abo enter the bathroom -
1) 106) dialog: Tofio, Tofio my love, it’s time to wake up... Without even turning around, Tofio slaps her hand off -
1) 108) dialog: Oh, so he’s already awake! Oh, so no one should touch him!... Tofo gets up, grouchy, and leaves the room. 32.
1) 110) dialog: Sofi’s in the bathroom... In the hall, he knocks on the bathroom door -
1) 117) dialog: Come on, finish getting dressed. Paco takes off his pajama pants and Cleo walks out to the hall and in to help Sofi.
1) 129) dialog: Your juice, Tofio. Tofo sits down -
1) 141) text: .--Por quién votas campeén? Por los Beatles... Un voto mas para el cuarteto de Liverpool que van atras por 18 votos del Cuarteto del Bajou. Por quién votas? Creedence... (Who do you vote for, champ? For the Beatles... One more vote for the Liverpool quartet, trailing 18 votes behind the Bajou quartet. Who do you vote for? Creedence...) Ignacio steps on the clutch letting Paco, who is sitting to him, put the hand gear next to the steering wheel in first. 36. The Valiant drives off and down the street. Cleo sees it the corner and she walks back into the house pulling the inside. She closes the door.
1) 144) dialog: Oh goody! So you’re already dressed!
1) 146) dialog: C’mon! Get up, let’s get you dressed! Pepe gets up and Cleo dresses him while he talks -
1) 148) dialog: No, what did you remember?
1) 150) dialog: When you were older?
1) 155) dialog: Good night!
1) 157) dialog: Well, God forbid you get tired later. Adela looks at her with a crooked smile. Cleo spreads marmalade on a piece of bread and places it on another. They hear Sefiora Sofia walk into the Breakfast Room -
1) 160) dialog: The Doctor is leaving. Tie Borras up so he can go. Cleo takes the sandwich and a glass of orange juice and h to the breakfast room. Adela goes out to the patio.
1) 162) dialog: Your juice... (CONT'D)
1) 165) dialog: Yes ma’m. At the back of the hall, Sefior Antonio has come down the stairs, carrying two bags. Cleo rushes to help him.
1) 166) dialog: Leave them there, please, sir...! Sefior Antonio leaves the bags on the floor.
1) 184) text: The theater is almost full, but emptier towards the back. the last row, Cleo and Fermin sit next to each other, mak out intensely, their hands rubbing each other’s genitals while they kiss.
1) 186) dialog: It’s just that... I haven’t gotten my period this month... But she succumbs, trying to repress a groan of pleasure. kisses and caresses Fermin with greater intensity as he explores her more deeply with his hand.
1) 188) dialog: I’m telling you. I haven’t had my period all month. But Fermin quiets her with a kiss on the mouth. When he g to her neck, Cleo tries to talk between convulsions of pleasure -
1) 189) dialog: I think I’m with child. Fermin pauses briefly, then keeps kissing her -
1) 191) dialog: That’s OK?
1) 200) dialog: Shhhh... It’s almost over.
1) 213) dialog: Who is it? 45.
1) 215) dialog: Coming...! Borras, shut up! The old man picks up the sack while the door opens just enough for Cleo to peek out while grabbing the dog’s coll The old man finishes putting his sack back up on his back
1) 217) dialog: Yes.
1) 219) dialog: I got him. Come on in. The door opens and Borras immediately lunges for the old but Cleo holds tugs at collar with all her strength. The barks, aggressive, standing on its hind legs. The old man comes into -
1) 222) dialog: Come in, come in... The old man walks cautiously next to Cleo, who is still holding Borras. She closes the door and follows in after keeping her distance. At the far end of the patio, the ol man goes into the -
1) 236) dialog: Pardon me, Sefiora Sofi? Sefiora Sofia adds two sugars to her coffee.
1) 238) dialog: It’s just that... when you have a minute, would you mind if we talk for a little bit?
1) 275) dialog: No, well, yes. It’s just that... But her words fail her. In the back, next to the kitchen door, Adela pretends to clean while she tries to listen -
1) 278) dialog: It’s just that... Sefiora Sofi... 51.
1) 280) dialog: It’s just that... I think I’m expecting. Sefiora Sofia wasn’t expecting this at all -
1) 282) dialog: It’s just that I haven’t gotten my period.
1) 284) dialog: I don’t know... She starts sobbing. Sefiora Sofia sits next to her and hu her.
1) 286) dialog: Fermin. Adela’s boyfriend's cousin.
1) 288) dialog: He’s disappeared.
1) 290) dialog: You're going to fire me, aren't you?
2) 0) text: Sefiora Sofia and Cleo walk in front of a building displa beautiful murals with Prehispanic motifs and cross the entrance indicating Obstestrics and Gynecology.
3) 0) text: Wall to wall picture windows run all along the hallway an the exam rooms. Sefiora Sofia waits with Cleo, who looks out the window o the city stretching out to the west. DOCTOR VELEZ walks in with all the conviction that comes experience. She is 40 years old and wears glasses.
3) 5) dialog: Fine, thank you, doctor.
3) 13) dialog: It’s just that.... That...
3) 15) dialog: It’s that I haven’t gotten my period.
3) 17) dialog: About two months maybe? 56.
3) 20) dialog: Oh no! Never!
3) 24) dialog: Probably three or four years ago when I came to see you.
3) 26) dialog: Yes, doctor.
4) 0) text: Cleo walks down the hallway with Doctor Vélez. At the far of the lobby, they can see Sefiora Sofia talking with Doc Zavala, 45 years old. 57.
4) 11) dialog: Yes, doctor. Thank you. Doctora Vélez walks off down the hallway. Sefiora Sofia t to see Cleo -
5) 0) text: Dozens of cribs in a row, each one with its own new-born rolled up in a blanket. Cleo watches them through the window. Some sleep and others cry anxiously. Four cribs project strong lights on babies with masks, an one side - In an INCUBATOR - A premature baby, tiny and fragile is plugged into tubes barely bind him to life. Cleo watches, fascinated. Suddenly - A great block of plaster falls off the ceiling and lands the incubator, covering it completely. Thursday, December 31st, 1970. INT/EXT - ‘64 VALIANT - PUEBLA FREEWAY EXIT - CERRO LA CALDERA -— DAY Sefiora Sofia drives, her index finger in its eternal argument. Cleo rides next to her, and between them, Pepe. Tofio, Paco and Sofi are in the back seat. The radio play Radio Exitos. Pepe looks through the rearview mirror off into the dista
5) 12) dialog: Well, yeah. His wife Dofia Ester is always dressed in huipiles and Oaxacan clothing. He likes us Indians.
5) 14) dialog: Noooooo!
5) 24) dialog: Yes, I’m with child, not sick. What? You tired already? Cleo hurries forward. Benita does the same, following her
5) 26) dialog: I haven't seen you for six months and you got old on me. The two women race hurriedly, buried under bags like ants carrying several times their own weight. Benita catches up with Cleo, who hurries on and overtakes her. But Benita stops -
5) 32) dialog: Pirata...
5) 34) dialog: Yeah, where’s she at?
5) 36) dialog: Yikes!
5) 38) dialog: They say she must have eaten a poisoned rat. But I think it was the villagers who are bothering Don José again about the land... Canela looks at them with her glass eyes. EXT —- SMALL CLEARING IN THE WOODS - HACIENDA - DAY The winter light filters through the trees and reflects o the great puddle stretching between the clearing and the woods. Children run between the trees throwing firecrackers, two dogs follow them, jumping in the puddle. Adults are practicing shooting bottles lined up on tree stumps with caliber pistols at the other end of the clearing. 63. With the exception of nannies and servants looking after younger children, everyone is white and, except for Sefio Sofia and her children, they’re dressed in imported cloth The sound of shots fuses with the firecrackers. Tofio plays “tochito” flag-football with PEPE DE LA BARCE 13, EDUARDO LARSSON, a 12 year-old redhead, and RICKY EDWARDS, 11. Cleo looks after Pepe and keeps LUPE, 30, company as well YOLA, 22, who look after JORGE DE LA BARCENA, 7, who suff from intellectual disability, and partial paralysis in a and arm, and his brother MEMO, 5, who has autism spectre disorder. They’re sitting on a tablecloth, playing with Matchbox cars. A little further back, GLORIA, 34, who works as a nanny w the Edwards’, sits on another tablecloth with a toy china set, probably more expensive than a real one, and looks a Sofi who is playing with JULY EDWARDS, 7, VERO MATOS, 8, ANDREA, a girl whose blond hair is almost white, also 8. GERARDO LARSSON, 10, a flamboyant chubby redhead plays wi them too. Paco, along with RODRI DE LA BARCENA, 10, ALEX MATOS, 10 ANDY EDWARDS, 8, appear from behind the trees and throw firecrackers at the girls. They scream. Some even cry.
5) 39) dialog: I saw you, Paco! Get out of here! The boys run off, laughing and splashing across the puddl
5) 47) dialog: Wait, Pepe. Where are you going? Pepe just points and keeps walking. Cleo follows him and reach the - SHOOTING PARTY -— Where Dr. Alejandro Matos has fired his eight rounds and to Celso to recharge his gun. He calls to the women on th folding chairs -
5) 71) dialog: But... what if?
6) 0) text: Benita guides Cleo, who follows amused and curious down t corridor lit with candles. The leave the MAMBO behind and down -
7) 0) text: The stone staircase leads down to an internal patio that doubles as storage. A couple of men chat, lit by the light from a kitchen win Inside there’s a racket around an accordion exhaling a ranchera-style polka. Three dogs meander about the patio, waiting for a New Yea gift. Benita and Cleo walk into -
8) 4) dialog: Nothing, thank you.
8) 6) dialog: It’s just that... the baby...
8) 10) dialog: Sure...
8) 13) dialog: I'd rather just have a little pulque.
8) 16) dialog: Cheers! Benita takes the jar to her lips and Cleo draws her pulqu close to hers when Gloria trips dancing her quebradita an bumps into Cleo. Before even touching her lips, the pulque jar falls to th ground and shatters into a million pieces.
10) 0) text: The Iztaccihuatl sleeps, immense, behind the hills and du crops. The afternoon light filters through rain-leaden clouds. A group of children run and explore. Tofio, Pepe de la Barcena, Ricky, Paco, Rodri, Alex and Eduardo lead the front throwing each other football passe Paco, Rodri, and Alex chase after chameleons in the furro Lola and Clau walk next to them. Vero, Sofi, Gerardo, And and July are further back. Pepe and Andy walk with Yola. Cleo walks with Benita. The dogs run everywhere. Alex cha after a chameleon, Rodri and Paco follow.
10) 16) dialog: It’s like my village. Without the mountain, of course, but it looks just like this... She enjoys the moment while she rubs her belly. She close her eyes -
10) 17) dialog: This is how it sounds... The church bells ringing and the bleating of goats get lo in the distance.
10) 18) dialog: Just like this... She breathes. Breathes deep. She smiles - 76.
10) 20) dialog: This is how it smells... Cleo is somewhere else. Friday, January 29, 1971.
12) 0) text: The group reaches the street entrance and Sefiora Teresa the door. Borras takes advantage of the situation to run despite Cleo and Paco’s attempts to stop him. Paco runs out.
14) 0) text: Tofo and Beto are at the front. Cleo and Sefiora Teresa l after Sofi and Pepe who is talking to Paco about planes.
15) 0) text: Cleo walks on. Misery is palpable, there are children and stray dogs everywhere and a stream of raw sewage running the street. Different music booms out of each house. Three dogs block her way and bark. Cleo crouches, pretend to get a rock and the dogs run off. She reaches a house and double-checks the address on her paper. She comes to the door and knocks. Impertinent dogs answer her knocking next to the entrance Cleo knocks again as the door opens. It’s Ramén. INT/EXT — DATSUN - OCEANIA AVE - DAY Cleo rides alone in the back seat. In front, Ramén is in driver's seat, and his friend CANCHAS, is in the passenge seat, smoking pot. He gives the joint to Ramén, who takes drag and passes it to Cleo, who refuses.
16) 5) dialog: (in disbelief) No...! Zovek?
16) 7) dialog: Is that really professor Zovek?
16) 9) dialog: What? Does he always come here?
16) 20) dialog: Fermin! Perhaps a little too loud. Fermin turns and when he sees he stops. Others in his group stop with him
16) 23) dialog: Can you talk for a minute? The group surrounding Fermin make fun of him -
16) 27) dialog: Hi, Fermin... They meet and kiss hello.
16) 29) dialog: Well, I have left you so many messages and I’ve been looking for you but I can never find you so... Fermin starts heading toward the parking lot -
16) 31) dialog: Is it for the Olympics? 88.
16) 34) dialog: It’s just that a neighbor's brother in law trains with you so...
16) 36) dialog: No, no, no! Fermin stops -—
16) 39) dialog: It’s just that... I’m with child... Fermin stops mid-punch. He keeps walking to the parking l
16) 41) dialog: Well, the little one’s yours. Fermin walks faster.
16) 43) dialog: But it is, Fermin! 89.
17) 0) text: Borras barks like crazy. Cleo holds his collar but is los her own sadness. Her almost-eight-month belly is very lar The old man with the oranges puts three more oranges in t crate on the floor. It’s almost full.
17) 2) text: The old man gets up and Adela pays him with a crumpled 20 peso bill. Further back, Cleo holds on to Borras, who tries to lunge the old man with each bark. The old man slowly carries the immense sack of oranges an puts it on his back. He starts walking towards -
18) 0) text: Where Cleo is holding Borras who pushes up on his hind le to attack the old man who walks past them on his way to t street. 90.
18) 2) dialog: Borras! Borras lunges at the old man and sinks his teeth into the enormous sack. Dozens of oranges fall out rolling all over the patio. The old man lets go of the sack and runs to the door whil Borras is trying to finish off the sack. Cleo runs up to Borras on the orange-covered floor. The o man is almost at the door when the dog realizes this and after him. The old man reaches the door and opens. Borras is about t sink in his teeth when the old man exits and shuts the do Borras can’t stop and smashes against the door. Cleo is standing in the middle of the patio, surrounded b ocean of oranges.
19) 0) text: The midday light bounces off the patio walls and slides i through the great windows, softly caressing the modern mahogany table. Cleo polishes the surface with a rag. She rubs the rag ov and over the same spot, as if she wanted to wipe her own reflection. The house is quiet. Only the rumor of a conversation is heard. The phone cable extending all the way into the bathroom under the stairs disappears inside the door. Sefiora Sofia is inside, talking. Her voice echoes in the small space and filters though the doors. Only a few word can be clearly heard. Paco comes down the stairs slowly. Stopping in the middle leans over the railway, trying to hear better. Cleo keeps polishing the same area of the table and final realizes Paco is coming down the stairs. 91.
19) 4) dialog: (articulating) G-e-t o-u-t- o-f h-e-r-e Paco is about to shake his head no but a cry punctures th echoes and the walls - a deep desperate wail. Paco and Cleo freeze, scared, when suddenly - The bathroom door opens and Sefiora Sofia comes out, carr the phone. She sees Paco running away and grabs him -
19) 11) dialog: Maybe it’s a dolphin, I think?
19) 17) dialog: No?
19) 19) dialog: So it’s not a dolphin? What do you think it is? Sofi and Pepe answer in a chorus -
19) 21) dialog: What you looking at?
19) 23) dialog: Next month.
19) 27) dialog: I don’t know...
19) 29) dialog: I don’t know.
19) 31) dialog: (Absently) Maybe... Pepe gets up and looks at her, serious.
19) 34) dialog: I don’t know. Would you like her to live here?
19) 36) dialog: Let’s see! Put your pajamas on! Saturday, May 15th, 1971. INT. - SENORA SOFIA’S ROOM - TEPEJI 21- DAY The room glows softly in the light that filters in throug the curtains. Cleo folds freshly washed clothes in the closet drawers. she opens one she looks down at Sefior Antonio’s underwea She can hear the children fighting downstairs. 95.
20) 0) text: With her 8-month belly, Cleo slowly goes down the stairs Sofi. When they come down they see -
20) 4) dialog: Boys! IN THE HALL -— Paco spits in Tofio’s face, leaving him space to give him good slap.
20) 8) dialog: Boys! I’m going to tell your mom when she comes back! IN THE HALL -— The boys don’t pay any attention to her at all. Paco take trinket from the table, a stone egg, and -
21) 0) text: The house is quiet again. Cleo washes dishes. Adela puts them away on the shelves.
22) 0) text: Cleo walks across the breakfast room and the dining room goes out to the hall. She peeks out the door that opens t the patio.
24) 0) text: Cleo is next to the patio door. Outside - The Galaxie door opens and Sefiora Sofia comes out. She stumbles as she walks and comes into the house without closing the car door. She is obviously drunk. Cleo moves aside to let her through. Sefiora Sofia looks her, amused -
24) 7) dialog: It’s so beautiful. Sefiora Teresa sees the price tag and calls a YOUNG SALES over. She comes immediately -
25) 3) dialog: Aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhggggg! In the back seat, Cleo suffers contractions. Next to her, Seflora Teresa holds her hand.
26) 0) text: The building and ramp lights are on against the purple sk wanting to become night. Ignacio helps Cleo walk. Sefiora Teresa, slower, follows behind. On the esplanade, pregnant woman walk around, some accompanied, waiting for their imminent deliveries. Ignacio and Cleo walk into the building.
27) 5) dialog: Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhaa! Ignacio yells out to make himself heard on top of the rac of questions, orders, complaints and cries -
28) 2) dialog: Doctor...! Sefior Antonio tries to encourage her -
28) 6) dialog: Aaaahhhhggg! Sefior Antonio holds her hand and leans down to bring his closer to Cleo’s -
29) 0) text: The elevator opens its doors and Cleo’s chair is wheeled by the nurses. The sixth floor has no windows. They pass the nurse station and reach the door that leads the Birthing room. Sefior Antonio leans in to Cleo -
30) 0) text: A cubicle, separated from other cubicles by a curtain and screens, the gynecological bed is in the middle. The nurs help Cleo to get up and out of the wheelchair - 107.
30) 4) dialog: September?
30) 6) dialog: June 21st...
30) 9) dialog: About an hour and a half ago. We couldn’t get out of where we were and...
30) 11) dialog: Huh?
30) 13) dialog: No. A little thick. Like soup. Cleo is about to close her gown when she suffers a very painful contraction. Doctor Vélez orders - 108.
31) 0) text: Fluorescent lights in a hallway with half-open frosted do The cries of a woman giving brith filter out from one of labor rooms. A nurse comes out of one of the rooms and goes into anoth At the end of the hallway we also hear a door opening, an soon after, Doctor Vélez and her team of nurses and resid appear pushing Cleo on her gurney. When they reach the end of the hallway, they turn and ent
32) 0) text: Nurses and residents work around Cleo who moans in pain. put her on the birthing bed while Doctor Vélez washes her hands.
32) 2) dialog: Aaaaaaaahhhhhh!
32) 6) dialog: Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhbhhhhhhhh! It's a deep cry. A primeval scream from time immemorial.
32) 7) dialog: Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh! The baby is expelled between Cleo’s legs and onto the han of Doctor Vélez, who receives it. The baby doesn’t cry or breathe. It is flaccid and hangs like a rag. It’s complet smeared in green liquid. Doctor Vélez cuts the umbilical chord and passes the baby over to the pediatrician who places it softly on his pediatric table and checks on it with a Pinard stethoscop Cleo follows all the action, the pediatric table only a y away from her face.
32) 13) dialog: (whispering) Sefiora Sofia... Sefiora Sofia...
35) 0) text: Cleo is sitting next to the window, wrapped up in her own pain.
36) 0) text: Cleo watches Adela open the street door while she grabs Borras by the collar. She discovers - A PALE YELLOW RENAULT 21 parked in front of the door. It and pulls in, easily crossing the doorframe and continuin its way up to the hallway door. Paco and Pepe peek out from the hall and see their mother the wheel of the Renault. Paco cries out -
38) 0) text: The Galaxie pulls up next to the sands of a long grey overcast beach, empty except for the stunted skeleton of brick building. The family comes out of the car. Tofio and Paco immediately run to the shore taking off th shirts and pants and throwing them on the sand. Sofi and follow behind. Sefiora Sofia takes off her shoes and follows her childre picking up the clothes strewn about on the sand. Cleo walks to the shore where the children splash around. is absent. A gust of wind drags the breeze over to caress her face. breathes in the sea and closes her eyes. She breathes in, if wanting to cleanse something very deep.
39) 0) text: The fading light of day strokes the garden with soft coolness. An orchard surrounds the bungalows built in the 1940s their paint now nibbled on by time and saltpeter. A RECEPTIONIST, carrying keys, guides Sefiora Sofia, Cleo the children through the garden. They all carry bags. The receptionist opens the door. 119. INT. —- ROOM - BUNGALOW - TUXPAN - DUSK The sky’s last light attempts to paint the windows but is defeated by the lightbulb inside a wicker lamp, which lig the small room with two beds. Cleo, sits on one of the beds and putting Pepe’s T-shirt as he stands in front of her with his arms up in the air. When his head pokes out the collar, Pepe looks at her, surprised -—
41) 0) text: The sun bears down on the afternoon, beaming down on the waves and the burning sand on the empty beach. The waves follow one after another, incessantly, dragging their foa till they caress the sand without ever breaking. A palapa shelters the family under its shade and its cool sand. Paco and Pepe bury Sofi in the sand, sculpting long legs which they add tennis shoes instead of feet. Sefiora Sofia reads a book sitting on a folding cloth cha and Tofio reads a Flash comic lying down on a hammock, sw in the wind. 123. At the edge of the shade, Cleo is sitting on a chair, hypnotized by the rhythm of the waves and the foam meltin it touches the sand. Time trickles by slowly.
41) 15) dialog: Just right by the shore. Paco and Sofi run to the edge, splashing around with thei feet, getting Pepe wet.
41) 17) dialog: Paco! Just in the shallow water! Sofi! Sofi obeys, Paco comes back to the shore too. Cleo takes Pepe’s hand and they walk back to the palapa together. As they step on warmer sand, Pepe stops, holds arms up.
41) 20) dialog: No way. You can do it alone. It’s not hot anymore. She looks to the shore -
41) 21) dialog: Paco! I see you! Back to the shore!
41) 23) dialog: Come closer! You heard your mother, if you don’t come in, you have to get out! She waits and when she’s satisfied, she keeps walking. Arms still up in the air, Pepe watches her go and throws himself on the sand. Cleo barely looks -
41) 24) dialog: Suit yourself. You’re just getting more sand on you and I was going to clean you up in the palapa. She keeps walking. Pepe gets up, crusty with sand, and hurries to catch up. They reach the palapa and Pepe sits on a chair. Cleo star dusting him off with a clean towel. She looks to the sea
41) 25) dialog: Hey! I’m watching you guys! Cleo waits for the children to come back to shallow water keeps cleaning Pepe.
41) 27) dialog: Mmmhmmm. . .
41) 30) dialog: Mmmhmmm. . . She gets up and looks out to sea -
41) 31) dialog: Paco and Sofi! Closer! Cleo keeps watching -
41) 33) dialog: Get back! She walks to the edge of the palapa and stops to wait nex a post -
41) 34) dialog: Closer!
41) 36) dialog: Stay there Pepe. The sun has vanished behind the mountain and the purple s is laden with black clouds. The wind picks up the sand an makes new waves that crash arrogantly into the old ones. Cleo stops -
41) 37) dialog: Help your sister! Behind her, Pepe comes closer. Cleo sees him -
41) 38) dialog: Pepe! I told you to stay there! Chided, Pepe goes back to the palapa. Scared now, Cleo looks at the sea and looks around but th beach is deserted. Only a man on a horse far away and som people walking in the distance. She hurries to the shore. 127. As she reaches the edge, she walks fearfully in the water that moves back and forth and crashes around her legs, soaking her polyester dress. She looks impotently at the waves, which Paco and Sofi wrestle, insignificant in a fierce and indifferent ocean drags them further in. Cleo tries to move closer to the children, fighting to ke her balance in the choppy waters reaching her waist. The wind plays with the crests of the dark waves and the dense clouds are charged with tension in an ever darkenin sky. Cleo looks out to the beach but the man on the horse and people are still very far away and she resigns herself to going deeper. A wave crashes over the children’s heads. When it passes, Sofi reemerges but she can barely take a breath when anot waves comes crashing over her. Other waves cross and crash up to the sky. Cleo fights desperately to stay on her feet in the midst the cross-current chaos enveloping her without failing to look straight in front of her- Where the waves crash, rising up, and yet others take the place, the little heads don’t emerge. Another wave powers up and a little head bobs up in front her, it’s Sofi taking up air, and Paco resurfaces too. He turns to look and sizes up the wave, grabs his sister swims with the break to the beach, but the wave catches u with them, pulling them down. Cleo comes close but is pushed back by the waves. In fron her, the little heads reemerge. Paco tries to repeat the and pushes Sofi to the front, but the water envelops them It also envelops Cleo, but doesn’t drag her out. She push towards Sofi, who tries to swim to her. Cleo reaches her out to get her and as she pulls her in, her feet lose con with the bottom and the two go under. Another wave galloping with foam. And behind it, Cleo eme carrying Sofi. Paco swims behind them. At the beach, a group of people gathers, and with them th man on the horse. 128.
41) 43) dialog: I didn’t want her... I didn’t want her... Sefiora Sofia tries to calm her - 129.
41) 46) dialog: I didn’t want her... I didn’t want her to be born... She breaks down completely -
41) 47) dialog: Poor little girl! ... I didn’t want her to be born! ... I didn’t want her to be born!...
44) 0) text: The house rests patiently, resigned to enjoy the last ray sun. The Jr. high marching band turns the corner and heads int the street with its martial drums and trumpets. The Galaxie 500 pulls into the street and follows the ban read guard until it parks in front of the house. Tofio immediately opens the door and stretches out on the stree Pepe comes out after him, running to the door, holding hi privates and ringing the doorbell. Borras answers by bark Sefiora Sofia comes out of the car and opens the trunk, S comes out after her. Cleo comes out last and heads to the trunk as well. Adela opens the door holding Borras by the collar. Pepe r through the door and rushes in.
45) 1) dialog: Tie the dog...
45) 17) dialog: Real pretty. Go. I’1ll tell you about it later. Adela continues on her way out. Cleo comes into the hall. Crosses and goes up the stairs carrying the luggage. From upstairs Pepe exclaims -
46) 0) text: Cleo makes it up to the hall and leaves the luggage on th floor. The family has begun to take over the spaces - Pepe sits next to Paco who is already in front of the television.
46) 13) dialog: Hello? Yes, thank you ma’am... Yes just a moment... She lowers the phone and calls out -
46) 14) dialog: Sefiora Sofi? It’s sefiora Molly calling. Sefiora Sofia gets up, calming the children -
46) 19) dialog: Sure. Just lemme take these clothes up to wash. Do you want something, Paco?
46) 21) dialog: I’m not sure, but if not, I'll go get some later. Cleo starts to go down the stairs. Sefiora Sofia continue phone conversation -
47) 0) text: The patio, in shadows now, floats in the afternoon quiet. Borras sleeps and the parakeets are quiet. Only the hum o the city in the distance. Cleo comes out of the kitchen carrying her load of dirty laundry and crosses the tiny patio to go up the metal staircase that leads to the roof. Her steps reverberate throughout the bony structure in a metallic moan that echoes through the tiny patio, waking caged birds. Cleo reaches the step in front of her room and keeps walk upwards. A sweet potato vendor lets out his sad howl in t distance. Step by step, Cleo ascends. Yet further up, beyond the roof, the sky is pure. Pietrasanta, September 23, 2016.