0) 0) text: Yellow triangles inside red squares. Water spreading over tiles. Grimy foam. The tile floor of a long and narrow patio stretching thro the entire house: On one end, a black metal door gives on the street. The door has frosted glass windows, two of wh are broken, courtesy of some dejected goalee. CLEO, Cleotilde/Cleodegaria Gutiérrez, a Mixtec indigenou woman, about 26 years old, walks across the patio, nudgin water over the wet floor with a squeegee. As she reaches the other end, the foam has amassed in a corner, timidly showing off its shiny little white bubble but - A GUSH OF WATER surprises and drags the stubborn little bubbles to the corner where they finally vanish, whirling into the sewer. Cleo picks up the brooms and buckets and carries them to
0) 3) text: The other living room, with its light sofas and cocktail and siphon attempts to look more modern. There’s a giant painting in red and purple hues of a woma leaning on a clay pitcher. In the other living room, there’s another painting, also large but more somber: In a dark stone cell, a monk bring solace to a shackled prisoner who covers his face with hi hands in desperation.
5) 0) text: Dozens of cribs in a row, each one with its own new-born rolled up in a blanket. Cleo watches them through the window. Some sleep and others cry anxiously. Four cribs project strong lights on babies with masks, an one side - In an INCUBATOR - A premature baby, tiny and fragile is plugged into tubes barely bind him to life. Cleo watches, fascinated. Suddenly - A great block of plaster falls off the ceiling and lands the incubator, covering it completely. Thursday, December 31st, 1970. INT/EXT - ‘64 VALIANT - PUEBLA FREEWAY EXIT - CERRO LA CALDERA -— DAY Sefiora Sofia drives, her index finger in its eternal argument. Cleo rides next to her, and between them, Pepe. Tofio, Paco and Sofi are in the back seat. The radio play Radio Exitos. Pepe looks through the rearview mirror off into the dista
8) 0) text: A hall with a vaulted ceiling lit by bare light bulbs hos an enormous ancient kitchen with wood burning stoves, a g table, a Mabe stove and two 1961 refrigerators. 69.
8) 27) dialog: (In English) 23...22...21...20...19...18...17... The monster takes off his mask, revealing a sweaty and dr Ove -
8) 28) dialog: 
8) 30) dialog: eT Gee See dbe ee Sec e2ecelece
8) 32) dialog: Happy New year! Ove starts singing in Norwegian. It’s an emotional Nyttar song.
8) 33) dialog: Pkfmsll apdkfn alosnnm... The children go to the puddle and fill up their little containers. The dogs follow them, splashing. The reflecti is disarticulated in waves that bump into each other.
8) 34) dialog: Pkfmsll apdkfn alosnnm... Ove sings with conviction. His eyes fill with tears. Friday, January lst, 1971.
11) 0) text: Everyone’s ready to go to the movies. Sefiora Teresa is g too, because she worries and because she loves going to t movies. She calls up to the children -
16) 17) text: PROFESSOR ZOVEK (CONT’D) You don’t have to lift your leg to a forty-five degree angle like me or put your arms up. Just close your eyes and lift a foot. IN THE ROWS -— The young men close their eyes and try lifting one foot. quickly lose their balance. The instructors also try it without succeeding.
19) 0) text: The midday light bounces off the patio walls and slides i through the great windows, softly caressing the modern mahogany table. Cleo polishes the surface with a rag. She rubs the rag ov and over the same spot, as if she wanted to wipe her own reflection. The house is quiet. Only the rumor of a conversation is heard. The phone cable extending all the way into the bathroom under the stairs disappears inside the door. Sefiora Sofia is inside, talking. Her voice echoes in the small space and filters though the doors. Only a few word can be clearly heard. Paco comes down the stairs slowly. Stopping in the middle leans over the railway, trying to hear better. Cleo keeps polishing the same area of the table and final realizes Paco is coming down the stairs. 91.
24) 0) text: Cleo is next to the patio door. Outside - The Galaxie door opens and Sefiora Sofia comes out. She stumbles as she walks and comes into the house without closing the car door. She is obviously drunk. Cleo moves aside to let her through. Sefiora Sofia looks her, amused -
36) 0) text: Cleo watches Adela open the street door while she grabs Borras by the collar. She discovers - A PALE YELLOW RENAULT 21 parked in front of the door. It and pulls in, easily crossing the doorframe and continuin its way up to the hallway door. Paco and Pepe peek out from the hall and see their mother the wheel of the Renault. Paco cries out -
38) 0) text: The Galaxie pulls up next to the sands of a long grey overcast beach, empty except for the stunted skeleton of brick building. The family comes out of the car. Tofio and Paco immediately run to the shore taking off th shirts and pants and throwing them on the sand. Sofi and follow behind. Sefiora Sofia takes off her shoes and follows her childre picking up the clothes strewn about on the sand. Cleo walks to the shore where the children splash around. is absent. A gust of wind drags the breeze over to caress her face. breathes in the sea and closes her eyes. She breathes in, if wanting to cleanse something very deep.
46) 0) text: Cleo makes it up to the hall and leaves the luggage on th floor. The family has begun to take over the spaces - Pepe sits next to Paco who is already in front of the television.