0) 40) dialog: A friend told me that a kid in his cousin’s school was killed by a soldier because he threw a water balloon at him.
0) 44) dialog: Says Flores. If you don’t believe me, ask him. He says he was in Chapultepec, near the new one, and that he was with his brother, throwing water balloons down at the passing cars and so an army Jeep passed and they threw one and the soldier got off and shot him.
0) 46) dialog: What do you mean, what happened? He got shot in the head, he’s dead.
0) 57) dialog: I want some! Cleo gets up, taking some dirty dishes with her-
0) 68) dialog: How come you don’t know, silly?
0) 71) dialog: Is he flying Eastern?
0) 75) dialog: I looked after him the whole way up. 10.
0) 78) dialog: I’m going to come out of here and you come over here, and when I get to here you’1l shoot me, but I’11 shoot you first and you’ll fall dead... Like this... with your arms wide open... Paco takes bullets like Sonny Corleone against the wall o the neighboring house.
0) 80) dialog: C'mon... Paco moves away on the roof while Pepe hides behind the w tank. Paco comes back, but now hiding like an enemy spy all the to the water tank. He tries to go around it, with his gun held high, but - Pepe comes at him from behind, with murderous intent. Paco reacts and turns around, tries to point with his gun Pepe sprays him with sure shots and hides behind the wate tank leaving Paco confused at first, then furious-—
0) 81) dialog: You were supposed to die! From behind the water tank, Pepe defies him -
0) 83) dialog: Cause it’s my game.
0) 86) dialog: Well, then I don’t want you to play, sissy. He walks off, angry. He goes down the staircase, each ste resonating with metallic moans. Pepe walks over to see him go and stops in the middle of roof, clearly disappointed. He stays there for a long time, until suddenly - A spray of invisible bullets shoots through him and Pepe falls dead, his arms spread open, like Paco said. And he stays there, lying down motionless on the ground. Cleo dries her hands and walks over to him. She stops and watches him -
1) 121) dialog: They're mine.
1) 123) dialog: But I put them in the freezer.
1) 126) dialog: It’s seven seventeen! The Haste Hour recites -
1) 127) text: XEQK proporciona la hora del observatorio, misma de Haste. Haste, la Hora de México. Siete de la manana diecisiete minutos. Siete diecisiete... (a beat)... BIIIP (XEQK gives you the time at the observatory, same as Haste’s. Haste, Mexico’s time. Seven in the morning and seventeen minutes. Seven seventeen...) Paco triumphantly exits the kitchen. Sefiora Teresa pulls her tongue at him and walks off to the door. Paco throws her Gansito.
1) 128) dialog: For you to get fatter... Tofio walks in.
1) 131) dialog: No, why? Sefiora Teresa is already calling them from the door -
1) 136) dialog: Shotgun! Tofio downs his juice and follows them.
1) 141) text: .--Por quién votas campeén? Por los Beatles... Un voto mas para el cuarteto de Liverpool que van atras por 18 votos del Cuarteto del Bajou. Por quién votas? Creedence... (Who do you vote for, champ? For the Beatles... One more vote for the Liverpool quartet, trailing 18 votes behind the Bajou quartet. Who do you vote for? Creedence...) Ignacio steps on the clutch letting Paco, who is sitting to him, put the hand gear next to the steering wheel in first. 36. The Valiant drives off and down the street. Cleo sees it the corner and she walks back into the house pulling the inside. She closes the door.
1) 241) dialog: What?
1) 245) dialog: Are we going to Disneyland?
1) 247) dialog: It’s so boring there!
1) 250) dialog: Will the Richards be there?
1) 261) dialog: Sure... Toho gets up -
1) 266) dialog: I’m going up too. Sefiora Sofia gives the rest of the paper to Sofi.
5) 0) text: Dozens of cribs in a row, each one with its own new-born rolled up in a blanket. Cleo watches them through the window. Some sleep and others cry anxiously. Four cribs project strong lights on babies with masks, an one side - In an INCUBATOR - A premature baby, tiny and fragile is plugged into tubes barely bind him to life. Cleo watches, fascinated. Suddenly - A great block of plaster falls off the ceiling and lands the incubator, covering it completely. Thursday, December 31st, 1970. INT/EXT - ‘64 VALIANT - PUEBLA FREEWAY EXIT - CERRO LA CALDERA -— DAY Sefiora Sofia drives, her index finger in its eternal argument. Cleo rides next to her, and between them, Pepe. Tofio, Paco and Sofi are in the back seat. The radio play Radio Exitos. Pepe looks through the rearview mirror off into the dista
5) 11) dialog: Cleo really likes Echeverria. Yuck!
10) 0) text: The Iztaccihuatl sleeps, immense, behind the hills and du crops. The afternoon light filters through rain-leaden clouds. A group of children run and explore. Tofio, Pepe de la Barcena, Ricky, Paco, Rodri, Alex and Eduardo lead the front throwing each other football passe Paco, Rodri, and Alex chase after chameleons in the furro Lola and Clau walk next to them. Vero, Sofi, Gerardo, And and July are further back. Pepe and Andy walk with Yola. Cleo walks with Benita. The dogs run everywhere. Alex cha after a chameleon, Rodri and Paco follow.
10) 2) dialog: What skirts?
10) 4) dialog: You mean the hill has skirts?
10) 6) dialog: Alex, the hill has a skirt! Alex stops.
10) 7) dialog: If we lean over we’ll be able to see its panties. Paco pretends to lean and Alex does the same. Lola and Cl catch up to them -
10) 10) dialog: Looking up the hill’s skirts to see its panties.
10) 12) dialog: And neither do you! Lola screams and pats down her skirt -—
10) 14) dialog: Ooooooh! Alex lifts up Clau’s dress. She screams.
10) 22) dialog: Look, they fixed it all up. Just like new, right? Beto barely looks at it. He keeps going and goes into the house after Tofo.
10) 29) dialog: Who cares about cheerleaders? Sefiora Sofia comes into the breakfast room. Her face is drawn. Sefiora Teresa looks at her, worried.
10) 33) dialog: I want to go too!
10) 35) dialog: How come?
10) 42) dialog: I want to go to Las Americas!
11) 2) dialog: Let them stay. Let’s go...
12) 0) text: The group reaches the street entrance and Sefiora Teresa the door. Borras takes advantage of the situation to run despite Cleo and Paco’s attempts to stop him. Paco runs out.
13) 0) text: He chases the dog down and drags him back into the house where the group is waiting outside the door. Paco leaves the dog inside and is about to close the door when Toho and Beto come out.
14) 0) text: Tofo and Beto are at the front. Cleo and Sefiora Teresa l after Sofi and Pepe who is talking to Paco about planes.
14) 1) dialog: ..-Braniff planes may be different colors but they’re all 727s... They're on Tepic street, near Insurgentes when Tofio and take off in a well planned strategy.
19) 0) text: The midday light bounces off the patio walls and slides i through the great windows, softly caressing the modern mahogany table. Cleo polishes the surface with a rag. She rubs the rag ov and over the same spot, as if she wanted to wipe her own reflection. The house is quiet. Only the rumor of a conversation is heard. The phone cable extending all the way into the bathroom under the stairs disappears inside the door. Sefiora Sofia is inside, talking. Her voice echoes in the small space and filters though the doors. Only a few word can be clearly heard. Paco comes down the stairs slowly. Stopping in the middle leans over the railway, trying to hear better. Cleo keeps polishing the same area of the table and final realizes Paco is coming down the stairs. 91.
20) 12) dialog: He hit me first!
36) 0) text: Cleo watches Adela open the street door while she grabs Borras by the collar. She discovers - A PALE YELLOW RENAULT 21 parked in front of the door. It and pulls in, easily crossing the doorframe and continuin its way up to the hallway door. Paco and Pepe peek out from the hall and see their mother the wheel of the Renault. Paco cries out -
36) 1) dialog: Tofio! Sofi! Come!
36) 4) dialog: How fast can it go? Sefiora Sofia opens the door and comes out -
36) 7) dialog: It only goes to 145! The Galaxie goes up to 200!
36) 11) dialog: What about the Galaxie?
36) 18) dialog: Where’s Tuxpan?
36) 22) dialog: It’s the beach?
37) 3) dialog: I heard it for a little bit. 118.
37) 5) dialog: Stop, stop, stop! Ma!
37) 8) dialog: Let’s go! Just for a little while.
38) 0) text: The Galaxie pulls up next to the sands of a long grey overcast beach, empty except for the stunted skeleton of brick building. The family comes out of the car. Tofio and Paco immediately run to the shore taking off th shirts and pants and throwing them on the sand. Sofi and follow behind. Sefiora Sofia takes off her shoes and follows her childre picking up the clothes strewn about on the sand. Cleo walks to the shore where the children splash around. is absent. A gust of wind drags the breeze over to caress her face. breathes in the sea and closes her eyes. She breathes in, if wanting to cleanse something very deep.
39) 3) dialog: Ay! Ay ! Ay...!
39) 5) dialog: But it was cloudy!
39) 17) dialog: What things?
39) 19) dialog: Are you getting a divorce?
41) 0) text: The sun bears down on the afternoon, beaming down on the waves and the burning sand on the empty beach. The waves follow one after another, incessantly, dragging their foa till they caress the sand without ever breaking. A palapa shelters the family under its shade and its cool sand. Paco and Pepe bury Sofi in the sand, sculpting long legs which they add tennis shoes instead of feet. Sefiora Sofia reads a book sitting on a folding cloth cha and Tofio reads a Flash comic lying down on a hammock, sw in the wind. 123. At the edge of the shade, Cleo is sitting on a chair, hypnotized by the rhythm of the waves and the foam meltin it touches the sand. Time trickles by slowly.
41) 2) dialog: Are you going to come in?
41) 4) dialog: No. It’s our last day at the beach.
41) 7) dialog: But it’s so mellow.
41) 9) dialog: Not even by the edge?
41) 11) dialog: Yes... 124.
41) 22) dialog: But we’re at the shore!
45) 5) dialog: I like it better this way... Tofio runs up the stairs...
46) 0) text: Cleo makes it up to the hall and leaves the luggage on th floor. The family has begun to take over the spaces - Pepe sits next to Paco who is already in front of the television.
46) 2) dialog: We'll go to Dinseyland? 133.
46) 7) dialog: No, silly. That’s what you call towns that are abandoned. And what’s over there? Cleo comes out of Tofio’s room carrying a load of laundry drops it next to the stairs. Sefiora Sofia comes out of her room followed by Paco. The phone rings.
46) 10) dialog: I was there.
46) 20) dialog: Any Gansitos?