0) 14) dialog: I'm tired.
0) 16) dialog: I can’t. Cleo pretends to keep walking.
0) 17) dialog: Mom! Cleo stops and turns around -
0) 19) dialog: I said I can’t!
0) 21) dialog: I’m not in bed. Cleo takes his hand -
0) 23) dialog: Oocooooocoh!
0) 25) dialog: Mooooocco000o00o0m!
0) 49) dialog: Mom! ia kisses each one hello. Pepe shows her his “work
0) 50) dialog: Look, mommy...
0) 52) dialog: Yes, and look: there’s pasta soup!
0) 65) dialog: Is dad going on a trip?
0) 82) dialog: Why aren’t you the one who dies?
0) 84) dialog: Then I don’t wanna play anymore. 11.
0) 88) dialog: I’m dead.
0) 90) dialog: I can’t. I’m dead.
0) 92) dialog: If you die, you can’t live again.
0) 97) dialog: Cleo...? But Cleo’s not moving. Pepe sits up -—
0) 98) dialog: Cleo...?
0) 100) dialog: No! C’mon, get up!
0) 102) dialog: Cleo, stop it! But Cleo doesn’t answer.
0) 103) dialog: Cleo! She remains still.
0) 104) dialog: Cleeoo! Pepe’s starting to get scared -
0) 105) dialog: Cleeeeeeeeooooooo! Cleo opens her eyes and smiles at him.
0) 111) dialog: Cleo, if you died right now, would you go to heaven or hell?
0) 113) dialog: I’m just saying... Heaven or hell?
0) 118) dialog: Paco told me that in his religion class the had a sli-ding show...
0) 121) dialog: That thing. About hell. Cleo pours another bucketful on Sofi.
0) 123) dialog: Yep, paintings and photos....
0) 125) dialog: Yeah. He said there was fire on all sides... and that while they burn you, there’s some real ugly devils poking you, like this, with irons... and others that bite you or eat your arms....
0) 128) dialog: Yeah but it doesn’t matter...!
0) 130) dialog: He says it doesn’t matter cause that’s where he wants to go!
0) 132) dialog: Yes, but Paco says everyone there is naked! His laugh is now roaring -—
0) 133) dialog: And that you can see all the girls... naked! Pepe is laughing hard, Sofi spits out water and laughs wi him.
1) 143) dialog: I was already up!
1) 145) dialog: Not yet.
1) 147) dialog: You know what I remembered in my dream?
1) 149) dialog: I remembered when I was older.
1) 151) dialog: Yes, you were also there, but you were different. Do you remember? Cleo pulls his shorts up.
1) 158) dialog: Mom!
1) 169) dialog: Daddy! Sefior Antonio gulps down the whole glass of orange juice Cleo heads over to the luggage: she carries the bags and exits -
1) 260) dialog: I know how to write too.
1) 272) dialog: But I’1l write it, OK? Sefiora Sofia watches the kids trail off into the dining She turns to Cleo.
1) 293) dialog: Look, ma. I drew a plane.
1) 296) dialog: Why is Cleo crying?
1) 298) dialog: Sana, sana colita de rana. Si no sanas hoy, sanards manana... (Nursery rhyme to heal boo-boos) Cleo laughs and hugs Pepe, hiding her tears. Thursday, December 10, 1970.
5) 0) text: Dozens of cribs in a row, each one with its own new-born rolled up in a blanket. Cleo watches them through the window. Some sleep and others cry anxiously. Four cribs project strong lights on babies with masks, an one side - In an INCUBATOR - A premature baby, tiny and fragile is plugged into tubes barely bind him to life. Cleo watches, fascinated. Suddenly - A great block of plaster falls off the ceiling and lands the incubator, covering it completely. Thursday, December 31st, 1970. INT/EXT - ‘64 VALIANT - PUEBLA FREEWAY EXIT - CERRO LA CALDERA -— DAY Sefiora Sofia drives, her index finger in its eternal argument. Cleo rides next to her, and between them, Pepe. Tofio, Paco and Sofi are in the back seat. The radio play Radio Exitos. Pepe looks through the rearview mirror off into the dista
5) 1) dialog: Why does the mountain spell LEA? (READ)
5) 19) dialog: Well I don’t like him. Why does he write on the mountain? It’s not his! 60. EXT. —- PUEBLA FREEWAY - CERRO LA CALDERA - DAY The Valiant plows on eastward. In the background the Cerr Caldera, longing to be a mountain, delineates the boundar the city as it melts into the slums. The west slope of the hill has been desecrated by three immense white letters extending almost all along and acro its dry surface - LEA. Like a curse. EXT. - ZAVALETA HACIENDA —- DAY A great adobe wall surrounds an immense property in the middle of fields. The Valiant crosses an enormous gate in EXT. —- ENTRANCE - ZAVALETA HACIENDA - DAY A road crosses the enormous walled esplanade. In the background, the beautiful wall of the hacienda, a monumen Profirian estates. The Valiant reaches the Big House. A dozen cars are parke a row to one side of the road. All large luxury cars of t year: LTDs, Impalas and Country Squires. The ‘64 Valiant parks between an LTD and a Country Squire making its mileage and its peeling paint very obvious. Th get out of the car. Sefiora Sofia opens the trunk and Cleo starts to pull out luggage, her belly barely noticeable. A group of people comes out of the Big House to greet the three adults, some kids and several servants. CLAUDIA DE BARCENA, 38, SAMANTHA LARSSON, also 38, a high-class Mexi with died blond hair and MOLLY EDWARDS, an affable blond Welsh woman, 37, all throw their arms up in the air -
10) 0) text: The Iztaccihuatl sleeps, immense, behind the hills and du crops. The afternoon light filters through rain-leaden clouds. A group of children run and explore. Tofio, Pepe de la Barcena, Ricky, Paco, Rodri, Alex and Eduardo lead the front throwing each other football passe Paco, Rodri, and Alex chase after chameleons in the furro Lola and Clau walk next to them. Vero, Sofi, Gerardo, And and July are further back. Pepe and Andy walk with Yola. Cleo walks with Benita. The dogs run everywhere. Alex cha after a chameleon, Rodri and Paco follow.
10) 47) dialog: Is it a cartoon? Sefiora Sofia answers -
14) 0) text: Tofo and Beto are at the front. Cleo and Sefiora Teresa l after Sofi and Pepe who is talking to Paco about planes.
19) 14) dialog: It’s a seal! In the fourth letter my dad sent Paco, he said he can see the ocean from his hotel room and that there are a lot of seals. Sofi considers the drawing -
19) 16) dialog: You had said dolphin. It looks nothing like a dolphin!
19) 20) dialog: A seal! And they also laugh in chorus. Distracted by her own sadn Cleo turns to Pepe and does a surprise tickle attack, prolonging the laughter. When they’ve calmed down, Pepe is lying on the bed and fi his eyes on Cleo.
19) 22) dialog: When’s your baby coming out? Sadness washes over Cleo again -
19) 32) dialog: And will she live here?
19) 35) dialog: No way! Yuck! Cleo smiles, trying to hide her pain. She changes the top
36) 0) text: Cleo watches Adela open the street door while she grabs Borras by the collar. She discovers - A PALE YELLOW RENAULT 21 parked in front of the door. It and pulls in, easily crossing the doorframe and continuin its way up to the hallway door. Paco and Pepe peek out from the hall and see their mother the wheel of the Renault. Paco cries out -
36) 2) dialog: Mom bought a new car! Paco comes out to examine the car’s body. Pepe joins his brother. Cleo comes closer while Adela closes the door th leads to the street. Sefiora Sofia pokes her head out of the car window -
39) 0) text: The fading light of day strokes the garden with soft coolness. An orchard surrounds the bungalows built in the 1940s their paint now nibbled on by time and saltpeter. A RECEPTIONIST, carrying keys, guides Sefiora Sofia, Cleo the children through the garden. They all carry bags. The receptionist opens the door. 119. INT. —- ROOM - BUNGALOW - TUXPAN - DUSK The sky’s last light attempts to paint the windows but is defeated by the lightbulb inside a wicker lamp, which lig the small room with two beds. Cleo, sits on one of the beds and putting Pepe’s T-shirt as he stands in front of her with his arms up in the air. When his head pokes out the collar, Pepe looks at her, surprised -—
39) 1) dialog: Cat got your tongue? Cleo shakes her head no.
39) 2) dialog: Then why don’t you talk. Cleo smiles, with a smile that holds back tears, and walk him out of the room to a - INT. — LIVING ROOM - BUNGALOW - TUXPAN - DUSK Another wicker lamp hangs in the middle of the little din room and two lamps on each side of the sofa, one without shade, light the room. Tofio is tying knots with a string while Sefiora Sofia is applying vinegar on Paco’s back with a cotton ball.
39) 8) dialog: Yes, but the cat got Cleo’s tongue. 120.
41) 0) text: The sun bears down on the afternoon, beaming down on the waves and the burning sand on the empty beach. The waves follow one after another, incessantly, dragging their foa till they caress the sand without ever breaking. A palapa shelters the family under its shade and its cool sand. Paco and Pepe bury Sofi in the sand, sculpting long legs which they add tennis shoes instead of feet. Sefiora Sofia reads a book sitting on a folding cloth cha and Tofio reads a Flash comic lying down on a hammock, sw in the wind. 123. At the edge of the shade, Cleo is sitting on a chair, hypnotized by the rhythm of the waves and the foam meltin it touches the sand. Time trickles by slowly.
41) 13) dialog: Me too?
41) 16) dialog: Aaaah! Paco and Sofi kick more water around to get Pepe wet, he away but falls on dry sand. Cleo runs to him and picks hi up, he’s crying. She tries to brush off the thousands of grains of sand sticking to his damp skin. Paco takes advantage of the distraction and goes in deepe Sofi begins to follow in after him when Cleo sees them -
41) 18) dialog: Carry me. 125.
41) 26) dialog: Did you know when I was grown up I was a sailor?
41) 28) dialog: Yes, and I drowned in a storm. 126.
41) 32) dialog: But the waves were so big....
41) 35) dialog: And it was night and there was so much lightning... and I didn’t know how to swim... Without taking her eyes from the waves, Cleo starts walki towards the shore.
44) 0) text: The house rests patiently, resigned to enjoy the last ray sun. The Jr. high marching band turns the corner and heads int the street with its martial drums and trumpets. The Galaxie 500 pulls into the street and follows the ban read guard until it parks in front of the house. Tofio immediately opens the door and stretches out on the stree Pepe comes out after him, running to the door, holding hi privates and ringing the doorbell. Borras answers by bark Sefiora Sofia comes out of the car and opens the trunk, S comes out after her. Cleo comes out last and heads to the trunk as well. Adela opens the door holding Borras by the collar. Pepe r through the door and rushes in.
45) 13) dialog: Wow! It looks bigger!
45) 18) dialog: The desk is gone too!
46) 0) text: Cleo makes it up to the hall and leaves the luggage on th floor. The family has begun to take over the spaces - Pepe sits next to Paco who is already in front of the television.
46) 6) dialog: And there’s ghosts? Paco gets up, following his mother into her room —
46) 17) dialog: Cleo? Can you bring me a banana milkshake?