0) 67) dialog: Where’s that?
0) 69) dialog: I don’t. So what?
0) 120) dialog: Slide show.
1) 5) dialog: Dad’s home early! The car moves forward a couple of inches and stops. The gear shifts to R - The Galaxie 500 backs up a few inches, breaks. 17.
1) 33) dialog: Good night, Cleo. She closes her eyes. Cleo gets up and turns off the light She exits to -
1) 102) dialog: Bathroom...
1) 105) dialog: Good morning, grandma... She closes the door. Sefiora Teresa walks down the stairs Cleo goes to Pepe’s bed and gives him a quick kiss, makin sure not to wake him, then leaves the room. She turns the light on in the hall and goes to Tofio and Paco’s room. They’re deep asleep. She crouches down next to Tofio, caressing his head and whispering -
1) 111) dialog: Busy! Tono knocks louder.
1) 113) dialog: Coming! Cleo sits at the foot of Paco’s bed and pulls one of his out of the covers and puts his socks on without waking hi She sits him up, leans him against her, and takes off the of his pajamas. In the hall, Tofio keeps knocking on the bathroom door -
1) 115) dialog: You can go in now! Tofio walks in straight away and as he closes the door -
1) 120) dialog: I want a Gansito too!
1) 139) dialog: I’m moving! When Sefiora Teresa has managed to get in the car, Ignaci closes the door behind her, waiting for everyone else to close their doors before getting in.
1) 248) dialog: Not true! My cousins are there!
1) 268) dialog: C'mon Pepe. 50.
1) 271) dialog: Sure. Let’s go Pepe. Sofi and Pepe go off with their papers to the dining room table.
1) 295) dialog: He won’t let me help him!
2) 0) text: Sefiora Sofia and Cleo walk in front of a building displa beautiful murals with Prehispanic motifs and cross the entrance indicating Obstestrics and Gynecology.
3) 0) text: Wall to wall picture windows run all along the hallway an the exam rooms. Sefiora Sofia waits with Cleo, who looks out the window o the city stretching out to the west. DOCTOR VELEZ walks in with all the conviction that comes experience. She is 40 years old and wears glasses.
4) 0) text: Cleo walks down the hallway with Doctor Vélez. At the far of the lobby, they can see Sefiora Sofia talking with Doc Zavala, 45 years old. 57.
5) 0) text: Dozens of cribs in a row, each one with its own new-born rolled up in a blanket. Cleo watches them through the window. Some sleep and others cry anxiously. Four cribs project strong lights on babies with masks, an one side - In an INCUBATOR - A premature baby, tiny and fragile is plugged into tubes barely bind him to life. Cleo watches, fascinated. Suddenly - A great block of plaster falls off the ceiling and lands the incubator, covering it completely. Thursday, December 31st, 1970. INT/EXT - ‘64 VALIANT - PUEBLA FREEWAY EXIT - CERRO LA CALDERA -— DAY Sefiora Sofia drives, her index finger in its eternal argument. Cleo rides next to her, and between them, Pepe. Tofio, Paco and Sofi are in the back seat. The radio play Radio Exitos. Pepe looks through the rearview mirror off into the dista
5) 8) dialog: Isn't it Gustavo Diaz Ordaz?
5) 10) dialog: Oooooh...
5) 16) dialog: Why did he kill the students?
10) 0) text: The Iztaccihuatl sleeps, immense, behind the hills and du crops. The afternoon light filters through rain-leaden clouds. A group of children run and explore. Tofio, Pepe de la Barcena, Ricky, Paco, Rodri, Alex and Eduardo lead the front throwing each other football passe Paco, Rodri, and Alex chase after chameleons in the furro Lola and Clau walk next to them. Vero, Sofi, Gerardo, And and July are further back. Pepe and Andy walk with Yola. Cleo walks with Benita. The dogs run everywhere. Alex cha after a chameleon, Rodri and Paco follow.
10) 28) dialog: I like the Cowboy’s cheerleaders. In my school...
10) 37) dialog: I want to go to the movies too!
14) 0) text: Tofo and Beto are at the front. Cleo and Sefiora Teresa l after Sofi and Pepe who is talking to Paco about planes.
19) 0) text: The midday light bounces off the patio walls and slides i through the great windows, softly caressing the modern mahogany table. Cleo polishes the surface with a rag. She rubs the rag ov and over the same spot, as if she wanted to wipe her own reflection. The house is quiet. Only the rumor of a conversation is heard. The phone cable extending all the way into the bathroom under the stairs disappears inside the door. Sefiora Sofia is inside, talking. Her voice echoes in the small space and filters though the doors. Only a few word can be clearly heard. Paco comes down the stairs slowly. Stopping in the middle leans over the railway, trying to hear better. Cleo keeps polishing the same area of the table and final realizes Paco is coming down the stairs. 91.
19) 9) dialog: It has so many drawings. Look, I think this little girl is me and I think this is my daddy... The letter is done exclusively in blue ink drawings with color or highlights.
19) 10) dialog: And this is a heart, look, with an S for Sofi and a P for Papa... and this here is a dog... or is ita fish? Pepe comes in and sits down next to them, leaning over to the letter.
19) 12) dialog: A dolphin? No. It’s like a doggie... 93.
19) 15) dialog: Yes. It’s a seal! Like the ones in his hotel!
19) 18) dialog: No!
19) 24) dialog: It is a girl?
19) 28) dialog: Oh, please let it be a girl! Pleeeease! What’s her name?
19) 30) dialog: If it’s a girl can her name be Tabitha like Bewitched?
19) 33) dialog: If she’s a girl yes!
19) 39) dialog: Cleo! Tofio and Paco are fighting! Cleo comes out to -
20) 0) text: With her 8-month belly, Cleo slowly goes down the stairs Sofi. When they come down they see -
24) 0) text: Cleo is next to the patio door. Outside - The Galaxie door opens and Sefiora Sofia comes out. She stumbles as she walks and comes into the house without closing the car door. She is obviously drunk. Cleo moves aside to let her through. Sefiora Sofia looks her, amused -
36) 10) dialog: I like the new car, mommy.
36) 13) dialog: Does dad know?
36) 16) dialog: Where to?
38) 0) text: The Galaxie pulls up next to the sands of a long grey overcast beach, empty except for the stunted skeleton of brick building. The family comes out of the car. Tofio and Paco immediately run to the shore taking off th shirts and pants and throwing them on the sand. Sofi and follow behind. Sefiora Sofia takes off her shoes and follows her childre picking up the clothes strewn about on the sand. Cleo walks to the shore where the children splash around. is absent. A gust of wind drags the breeze over to caress her face. breathes in the sea and closes her eyes. She breathes in, if wanting to cleanse something very deep.
39) 0) text: The fading light of day strokes the garden with soft coolness. An orchard surrounds the bungalows built in the 1940s their paint now nibbled on by time and saltpeter. A RECEPTIONIST, carrying keys, guides Sefiora Sofia, Cleo the children through the garden. They all carry bags. The receptionist opens the door. 119. INT. —- ROOM - BUNGALOW - TUXPAN - DUSK The sky’s last light attempts to paint the windows but is defeated by the lightbulb inside a wicker lamp, which lig the small room with two beds. Cleo, sits on one of the beds and putting Pepe’s T-shirt as he stands in front of her with his arms up in the air. When his head pokes out the collar, Pepe looks at her, surprised -—
39) 13) dialog: Is he back?!
39) 21) dialog: He doesn’t love us anymore?
41) 0) text: The sun bears down on the afternoon, beaming down on the waves and the burning sand on the empty beach. The waves follow one after another, incessantly, dragging their foa till they caress the sand without ever breaking. A palapa shelters the family under its shade and its cool sand. Paco and Pepe bury Sofi in the sand, sculpting long legs which they add tennis shoes instead of feet. Sefiora Sofia reads a book sitting on a folding cloth cha and Tofio reads a Flash comic lying down on a hammock, sw in the wind. 123. At the edge of the shade, Cleo is sitting on a chair, hypnotized by the rhythm of the waves and the foam meltin it touches the sand. Time trickles by slowly.
41) 5) dialog: I’m staying too.
41) 41) dialog: Cleo saved us... The recent emotion pushes more tears. Sefiora Sofi looks Cleo who is crying inconsolably. It’s a deep and painful a cry that washes it all away. Sefiora Sofia hugs her mightily -
44) 0) text: The house rests patiently, resigned to enjoy the last ray sun. The Jr. high marching band turns the corner and heads int the street with its martial drums and trumpets. The Galaxie 500 pulls into the street and follows the ban read guard until it parks in front of the house. Tofio immediately opens the door and stretches out on the stree Pepe comes out after him, running to the door, holding hi privates and ringing the doorbell. Borras answers by bark Sefiora Sofia comes out of the car and opens the trunk, S comes out after her. Cleo comes out last and heads to the trunk as well. Adela opens the door holding Borras by the collar. Pepe r through the door and rushes in.
45) 7) dialog: What’s so horrible mommy?
45) 9) dialog: What bookshelves?
45) 12) dialog: Oh! You’re right!
45) 15) dialog: I liked it a lot. Sefiora Sofia and the children disappear upstairs, where television is already on. Outside, on the patio, Cleo walks, carrying three bags an runs into Adela who is back without the dog.
46) 9) dialog: Oaxaca, Yes! And we could visit Cleo’s village. Sefiora Sofia comes back to the hall and sits in the couc next to Pepe and Sofi who takes up the other spot.
46) 11) dialog: Finders keepers... Cleo picks up... 134.
46) 18) dialog: Me too? Cleo picks up the pile of clothes -