30) 4) dialog: They had the package and you didn’t get it. Explain that circumstance.
30) 10) dialog: (stern) Boys. If I wanted to sit here with two children, I'd spend time with my own children. And I don’t want to spend time with my own children. Now what do we know about these idiots? PATEL leans over and types a few keys. ON THE SCREENS -- PHOTOS of AUDREY and MORGAN.
30) 13) dialog: In what?
64) 7) dialog: Henshaw? My office. Patel, stay here. Sebastian glances back at the girls, then follows Wendy o In their wake, PATEL is alone with the girls. Awkwardly:
65) 0) text: Wendy coldly sits across from Sebastian.
65) 1) dialog: Henshaw, you read English at university. Did you ever learn the word “hierarchy”?
65) 3) dialog: How about the word “treason”? That’s a good one. Love when it comes up in the crossword.
65) 5) dialog: Overstepped? Overstepping is wearing a tank top on Casual Friday. Overstepping is stealing my Activia from the office fridge even though I brought it from home.
65) 7) dialog: Goddammit. We work for an international intelligence organization and I can't figure out who’s been eating my yogurt. My point is you did a lot more than overstep. You violated my direct orders, handcuffed your superior and went into a building swarming with terrorists without backup.
65) 9) dialog: Which one of them is it?
65) 11) dialog: The only reason I can fathom why you'd put the entire mission on the line to save two girls’ lives is you're in love with one of them. So which one is it? (MORE )
65) 13) dialog: The one with the tooth or the one who invited me to see her in Pippin at the Santa Monica Playhouse?
66) 6) dialog: How long did the doctor say it would take your arm to heal?
66) 8) dialog: Great. Take a five month leave.
66) 10) dialog: I know what I said.
72) 0) text: In the SITUATION ROOM, Wendy stares at the screens. Silen Then a CIA TECHNICIAN notices something on his computer. 72.
72) 2) dialog: Shit. She turns to PATEL. WENDY (CONT’D) Either those dum-dums took their selfie sticks to the Eiffel Tower or they lied about not having the drive and they’re on the run. Which agent took them to the airport? Patel freezes. He fucked up.
72) 4) dialog: You sent the agent I just suspended for insubordination?
72) 6) dialog: You’d better. Give me an excuse to leave couples therapy early. I’m sick of watching my husband cry.
122) 0) text: Wendy sits at her desk, on the phone.
122) 1) dialog: Nice job, Henshaw. We found the correspondence between Thayer, Patel and Highland... I’m sorry I questioned your loyalty. Behind her, Wendy’s ADORABLE SON (6) hands her a cute dra WENDY (CONT’D) What’s this supposed to be? A dog? A cat? It looks like a piece of shit. (then, into phone) Destroy that drive. Then come in.