1) 15) dialog: Revolting place.
1) 19) dialog: The rules are for gentleman.
1) 21) dialog: And that young man wasn’t one.
1) 23) dialog: Is that what’s troubling you, Galahad? Or the fact that your little experiment failed?
1) 25) dialog: With respect? Jack opens the car door and climbs out.
13) 0) text: Arthur, now late 60s, sits alone at a large table. He wea GLASSES. Before him: am exquisite DECANTER, a BRANDY SNIF and a leather bound FILE. There are twelve empty chairs.
13) 2) dialog: Galahad. Finally. The others were concerned that we may be making a double toast. There's another brandy at one seat. Jack sits down here a retrieves a pair of GLASSES like Arthur’s. He puts them o JACK'S POV: The previously empty seats are now occupied - TEN GENTLEMEN, wearing wonderful suits and identical glas Jack exchanges nods of greeting with them. Then his eyes alight on the single EMPTY SEAT. His face registers disma
13) 4) dialog: I'm sorry. Now we're all present... Gentlemen, I'm thankful to say that it’s been seventeen years since we last had occasion to use this decanter. And, as ever, the circumstances make even a 1815 Napoleonic brandy taste bitter. Lancelot was an outstanding agent and a true Huntsman, and he will be sorely missed. (vaising his glass) To Lancelot. 23 14. JACK'S POV: the other agents have brandy snifters too. Th raise them solemnly, then down the brandy in one.
13) 5) dialog: To matters practical, before we disperse, One: Galahad will take over Lancelot:‘s current mission. Two: I intend to begin the selection process for Lancelot's replacement tomorrow. I expect each of you to propose a candidate and have them report to UK HQ no later than nine PM GMT. Thank you. JACK'S POV: The other agents acknowledge the order before removing their glasses. As they do, they disappear from v
15) 0) text: Arthur passes Jack the file. Jack opens it. Behind Arthur beautiful, ornate antique MIRROR transforms into: A SCREE
15) 1) dialog: Lancelot was investigating a group of mercenaries experimenting with biological weaponry. ON THE SCREEN: a horrific image of NAKED, BLOODIED AFRICA MEN. They appear to be trying to eat one another.
15) 2) dialog: Uganda, 2012. Synthetic cathinones.
15) 4) dialog: They put it in the water supply at a guerilla army base... Rage... Cannibalism. Multiple fatalities. ON THE SCREEN: a room filled with bullet-riddled CORPSES.
15) 7) dialog: All their attacks were unconnected. And none could be linked to any one political interest. 16.
15) 9) dialog: I’m afraid this is where the story becomes a little... odd. On the screen: A photo of the high-security MOUNTAIN CHAL
15) 10) dialog: He tracked them to this property, in Argentina. And while he had them under surveillance, he became aware that they'd effected a kidnapping. He tried to execute a solo rescue mission. Failed. This was his last transmission... On the screen: words appear. “KIDNAP VICTIM IS PROFESSOR SWANSON.”
15) 12) dialog: Some climate change doom-sayer. Expounds something called Gaia Theory. Overpopulation as a virus, earth trying to heal itself or some such. What’s curious is that he’s not actually missing. This is him. In London this morning. On the screen: a CCTV IMAGE OF THE PROFESSOR appears.
15) 13) dialog: Well, it’s all yours. And don’t forget your membership proposal. Arthur slides the file to Jack, who stands to leave.
15) 15) dialog: Try picking a more suitable candidate this time.
27) 0) text: The same layout as the London dining room, only everythin Zaha Hadid-style modern. Jack and Arthur sit half-watchin SCREEN with a live feed of the rec room, the sound low.
27) 1) dialog: Felt sorry for the boy, did you?
27) 3) dialog: Well you should now. He’ll find this humiliating. Still, at least you didn't propose a woman. I mean, what is going on? Jack indicates the screen, Charlie is holding court. 33.
27) 5) dialog: I believe we're here to discuss new intelligence on the mercenaries?
27) 7) dialog: Then that’s as good as a dead end.
27) 10) dialog: I'll ask you one more time: do any of the organizations on the list hold an account with you?
27) 12) dialog: This is your last chance. He readies the trigger. CLICK. The man doesn’t flinch.
27) 14) dialog: Excellent. I'd like to open an account, please. 44a 45 46
27) 16) dialog: And that is why we bank with them, Not to mention that their fire-wall makes the KGB's look flimsy. You're looking at a physical break-in, and even that’s ambitious.
32) 0) text: The Russian Bank Manager from Arthur’s flashback is at hi desk, sweating. On his computer, two windows are open -- data, the other live video of his kids and Jack-the-clown
34) 0) text: Jack and Arthur are at the table.
34) 2) dialog: No surprise there. What else?
34) 6) dialog: How bizarre.
34) 8) dialog: You mean fromm Professor Swanson. Ransom money.
41) 8) dialog: How are we? Shaken and stirred?
41) 11) dialog: Still significantly healthier than poor old Professor Swanson. Who perished in a tragic gas leak, by the way. There was talk of an autopsy, but I dealt with it. So, what do we have? (looking at the screen) Good grief. On the screen, Swanson’s head slowly explodes again.
46) 10) dialog: What‘s he do:ing here? Get him out.
46) 16) dialog: This fellow is extremely well- connected. Well placed to pursue his own agenda, whatever it may be.
46) 23) dialog: Two more, Stephen Hawking this weekend. And Lady G’Gar today.
53) 2) dialog: We can’t make the same mistake we did with Bin Laden pre 9-11. Look how long it took the agencies to act on our information, and he was a known terrorist, for gods sake. We need something conerete first.
53) 4) dialog: Excellent. Only a few days until he’s on our home turf, then. We can keep tabs on him, gather some more intel. Oh, and in case you hadn’t heard, some football type has gone missing now. 66.
56) 4) dialog: Let’s try to avoid having his head explode this time, shall we?
56) 6) dialog: That technology requires an earpiece. We’ve no reason to suspect this scheme is connected.
70) 0) text: on the screen: footage of Valentine on the shop floor, as recorded live now by Jack. Arthur puts on his own glasses
70) 1) dialog: I know, I know. Don’t spook him. I spoke with him, and you’re right -- he’s onto us. We can’t go to Ascot, but MI5 can. I’m contacting them now. You win, Galahad. INT. HUNTSMAN SHOP —- DAY. 115 dack continues his polite talk with Valentine.
88) 0) text: Merlin and Arthur wait outside, both on the call to Jack.
88) 3) dialog: Agreed. (removing his glasses) A-ha. Here she is. Roxy walks triumphantly towards them. 88.
88) 5) dialog: Indeed. Heartiest congratulations, and welcome to Huntsman. Our tailors aren't accustomed to making ladies’ suits, but I’m sure they’ll rise to occasion. Arthur holds out his hand. Roxy shakes it uncertainly.
88) 7) dialog: We've not had any word. What’s the matter? You should be celebrating. A JET appears on the horizon. Merlin’s watch flashes. He his glasses to take a call.
88) 14) dialog: So. The tests continue.
88) 16) dialog: Let them shower and change first. 136 INT. ARTHUR'S SECRET BASE OFFICE — DAY. gg. 136 Eggsy enters. Arthur is playing with Eggsy’s dog.
88) 17) dialog: He’s very sweet. What's his name?
88) 20) dialog: As in James Bond?
88) 22) dialog: Jolly good. It pains me to admit it, Eggsy, but you’ve done better than I could ever have imagined. He draws a GUN and points it at Eggsy, who doesn’t flinch ARTHUR (CONT’D) Take it. (Eggsy does) Now shoot JB. Eggsy tries to hide his horror. He raises the gun and aim at his dog. The dog walks up to the barrel and licks it. Eggsy lowers the gun in despair. No way he can do this. From another room, we hear: A GUNSHOT. ARTHUR (CONT’D) At least the girl has some balls. Eggsy grabs the dog and runs from the room. watches him go. Then he picks up the phone. Arthur just 137 138 139 140 90. ARTHUR (CONT’D) Merlin, bring Roxy in, please. And contact the agents. We’ll hold her swearing-in ceremony in an hour.
102) 0) text: Arthur stands at the fireplace. The decanter is on the ta
102) 2) dialog: Galahad. Galahad is dead. Hence we have all just toasted him.
102) 4) dialog: Indeed. And thanks to Galahad’s recording, we have Valentine's confession. The intelligence has been turned over to the relevant authorities. Our work is complete. And a most distinguished legacy for our fallen friend it is, too. 99.
102) 6) dialog: Sit down, boy. See this? It’s an 1815 Napoleonic brandy. It is only drunk when we lose a Huntsman. (filling two snifters) Galahad was fond of you and on this occasion, I feel it acceptable to bend the rules. Join me in a toast. Eggsy takes the snifter. They both sit, then raise their glasses. Arthur downs the brandy in one. Eggsy does the s
102) 8) dialog: You really are jolly good, Eggsy. Perhaps I’1l1 make you my proposal for the Galahad position. If we can see eye to eye on certain... political matters. He places a PEN on the desk.
102) 9) dialog: Can you guess what this might be?
102) 11) dialog: Oh, bravo!
102) 13) dialog: I know Jack too well. He's accused me of being closed minded, but he’s an intractable bugger himself. And a sentimental one. I elected not to even try. His dissent would have put us all at risk. Eggsy eyes Arthur’s hand on the pen. 158 100.
102) 15) dialog: They're all on board. Grateful to Valentine for solving the issues that they promised they could fix but deep down knew they could not. Once he explained, I understood.
103) 0) text: Valentine is pitching his ethos to Arthur. He comes over fiercely intelligent, reasonable, charismatic.
103) 2) dialog: Either way, the virus dies.
103) 9) dialog: So be it. Arthur clicks the pen. Nothing happens.
104) 0) text: Eggsy has his hands up. Roxy has a gun on him while Merli examines Arthur’s phone and ear-piece.
122) 0) text: Various PRISON GUARDS lie unconscious in Eggsy‘s wake. Hearing Arthur’s phone VIBRATE, Eggsy gets it out. The phone screen reads: 00:04:49 The seconds ticking down