26) 9) text: Hanging up is: A BODY BAG. One man puts up his hand quickly. Aristocratic good looks well-groomed, supremely confident. This is CHARLIE, 23.
26) 10) dialog: A body bag, sir.
26) 12) dialog: Yes, sir.
26) 22) dialog: Where did they dig you up?
26) 26) dialog: Harvard? The others grin. These four are really bonding now.
26) 29) dialog: Definitely Harvard. Henri, Rufus and Ajit explode into sycophantic laughter a head for the table with their bags.
27) 20) dialog: Oooh. All the girls together. Planning a little action?
27) 25) dialog: The Siren jumpsuit. Winston Churchill designed it for himself. (MORE)
27) 27) dialog: Not that I’d expect you foreigners to know.
27) 29) dialog: I wasn’t even talking to you. I think it goes without saying that you wouldn't. Eggsy’s discomfort increases as everyone starts changing bed. Not only is he without a case, but everyone seems entirely relaxed about undressing in front of one another Especially Roxy. She removes everything but her briefs, a starts casually rummaging in her case. She looks to Eggsy
30) 1) dialog: It’s a test! Look for a way out! Henri, closest to the door, lunges for the handle, strugg
30) 3) dialog: No, it’s the pressure, pull harder. Rufus and Ajit join Henri in pulling the door, while Amel Omar, Anton and Saba move to the walls, pounding them.
30) 7) dialog: In the loo! It's the only way.
30) 9) dialog: Toilet. Lavvy. Shitter. Whatever you chavs call it.
30) 11) dialog: Stick this in it, go past the U- bend: limitless air supply. Simple physics. Spread the word. Charlie smugly dives under water. Eggsy yells to the grou
33) 9) dialog: No! Bad. Stay. Roxy, Kenji, Ulrich, Saba, Omar and Anton show more patie coaxing their dogs gently. But it’s anarchy. Suddenly, th all turn to stare at something... Eggsy is approaching in a classic slow movie power walk o heroic determination. The Right Stuff. Armageddon. Reserv Dogs. Only slightly undercut by the little pug head pokin out of the collar of Eqgsy’s shirt. Eggsy leaps onto the first obstacle. Hand’s free, it’s ea He continues, passing all the other recruits. Forges ahea Charlie, Henri, Rufus and Ajit try fruitlessly to copy hi Henri tries to stuff his wriggling Doberman into his shir Charlie has his shirt off and is trying to tie his Alsati to his back in a papoose. It scrabbles unhappily. CHARLIE (CONT’D) Christ! I swear, if this bastard scratches me again... Eggsy continues around the course, perfectly focussed. Th pug looks about as happy as a pug ever can. Across the field, Ajit chases after his escaping Labrador At the last obstacle, Merlin waits with a clipboard.
35) 0) text: Everyone is asleep. Their dogs sleep too, in training cra at the end of each bed. One crate is empty, and the bed behind it - Ajit’s bed - is empty as well, and stripped b The crate at the end of Eggsy’s bed is also empty, But Eggsy’s dog is asleep, curled up on the bed. Suddenly: WATER rains down on Eggsy! He sits up, terrifie not again!! Charlie is running away with an empty BUCKET. Henri, Rufu Ulrich, Omar and Kenji practically wet themselves laughin Eggsy leaps up and runs at Charlie, livid. In a flash, Ro is out of bed. She pulls Eggsy away.
44) 3) dialog: Waiting for Godot!
45) 0) text: Eggsy, Roxy, Charlie, Henri, Omar, Rufus and Kenji sit anxiously in SPECIAL CHAIRS with HANDLES on the arm rests They grab their handles and exchange uneasy looks. Merlin moves over to a PULL SWITCH on the wall.
45) 4) dialog: He cheated! Look!
45) 6) dialog: This better not get him out of the general knowledge test tomorrow.
49) 2) dialog: You're a fucking cheat. When I find out how you did it, you’re screwed. 81 82 83 57.
49) 4) dialog: Oh no, I’m sure you're highly educated. What have you got? A vocational diploma in carjacking? A B-Tec in impregnating ugly girls round the back of a bus sheiter? Eggsy sits up, hackles rising. Fist clenching. Roxy shoot him a look. He swallows his fury and looks away. Not toda EXT. VALENTINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT. 81 A palatial estate. Establishing. INT. VALENTINE’S HOUSE - ENTRANCE HALL - NIGHT. 82 Jack, in a green smoking jacket, follows A BUTLER. The Bu is wearing an EAR-PIECE like the one Professor Swanson wo As they near the dining room, TWO ATTRACTIVE YOUNG ASSIST pass. They wear EAR-PIECES. One holds a pile of PAPERWORK INT. VALENTINE’S DINING ROOM - NIGHT. 83 A magnificent dining room, the large table formally set f two. Valentine sits here, dressed extremely casually. The Butler opens the door and announces Jack.
50) 0) text: Eggsy, Roxy, Charlie, Henri, Omar and Kenji are here, wea HALO parachuting suits. Roxy has her eyes closed.
51) 1) dialog: Cheer up, Eggsy! I’ll get the kettle on when I land, have a nice cup of tea waiting for you.
51) 12) dialog: Fuck off, Eggsy! We'll all die! 63.
51) 15) dialog: Me first. Charlie doesn’t wait for a response. He pulls his cord. H chute opens and he shoots upwards. Henri goes next. His chute opens too.
54) 0) text: Eggsy, Roxy and Charlie sleep. All other beds are empty n
57) 14) dialog: We'll see about that, won’t we, Charlie shows Eggsy hig photo: It’s the same girl.
58) 0) text: The queue outside. More well-dressed YOUNG PEOPLE wait to in. Even the BOUNCERS look elegant. Charlie and Roxy are the back of the line, both impeccably dressed. Presently, Eggsy arrives. He stares at the queue in disma He's wearing DESIGNER SPORTSWEAR. Charlie laughs loudly.
58) 2) dialog: Yeah, ignore me, you look great. If you're going to a gypsy wedding.
58) 8) dialog: Aw, you ruined my plan! I was going to let you talk to Lady Sophie first and then swoop in to rescue her once she was sufficiently disgusted. And with that, Charlie swans inside. And Eggsy walks away 97 98 70.
110) 7) dialog: There's no way anyone would want a low life you to be part of the new world. So I assume you cheated your way to becoming a Huntsman.
110) 9) dialog: My family were invited. Obviously. (seeing Eggsy reach for his pocket) Not so fast! Charlie reaches into Eggsy’s pocket and pulls out: a bott of aftershave. He smirks, relieved and amused.
110) 10) dialog: Hoping to mask your stench, were you? You'll need this even more when you’re rotting in jail. Eggsy wriggles away, squeezes his cuff-links and... BOOM! The bottle EXPLODES in Charlie’s hand. GUESTS run, GUARDS run over. The time for blending in has passed. Eggsy slips the laptop behind the couch and runs In the chaos, he manages to lose his pursuers. At the edg the room, he slips through a SERVICE DOOR. INT. SERVICE TUNNEL -— DAY. 173 Eggsy runs down the tunnel, Merlin in his ear.