94) 0) text: The rally has begun. The CHURCH LEADER, 60s, is bellowing
94) 1) dialog: Watch the news! AIDS, floods, the blood of the innocent spilled... And yet there are those who doubt that this is the wrath of God?? The CONGREGATION jeer in agreement. Jack is here trying h best to blend in. He puts on his glasses and scans the ro 147 148
94) 3) dialog: Our filthy Goverment condones sodomy, divorce and abortion... And yet some still doubt that this is the work of The Antichrist? INT. JACK’S HOUSE ~ NIGHT. 146 Eggsy is using Jack’s computer to check his Facebook. Pos saying “where da fuck r u???” etc. Suddenly, a WINDOW pop up: a LIVE VIDEO showing what Jack is seeing. Audio, too.
94) 4) dialog: To those I say: you may not be a fag, a Jew, a nigger, or a whore who has congress out of wedlock... Jack's is looking around the room, now focussing on HIDDE CAMERAS. There are many. Then he looks back to the pulpit
94) 5) dialog: You may not yourself be a dirty foreigner, a perverted Catholic or a murdering soldier...
95) 0) text: The Church Leader is getting louder.
95) 1) dialog: But if you enable those who are: GOD. HATES. YOU. And he will SMITE your sons and daughters and he will rejoice in your tears! The crowd CHEERS. Jack looks around again. No Valentine. gets up to leave. A BLONDE WOMAN beside him gives him a l
97) 0) text: Jack is edging down a side-aisle towards the exit as the Church Leader continues.
97) 1) dialog: And to those who would threaten our first amendment rights, I say —- He stops. There’s a strange high-pitched WHINE coming fro multiple directions. He gets his PHONE out, perplexed. In the congregation, eyeryone is having a similar reactio The whine continues. A few people checking their PHONES, In the aisle Jack staggers, feeling peculiar. The Church Leader tears| the CROSS from the wall behind h Then he locks eyes with a HEAVY-SET MAN in the front row. And charges at him, IMPALING him with the cross. A second later, all hell breaks loose and the congregatio begin to VICIOUSLY ATTACK one another. Several have GUNS. A TALL MAN charges at Jack. Jack draws his own gun and pi whips the man, knocking him to the ground... But then he keeps hitting him. Can't stop. Whatever these urges are, Jack is affected too. He ranges into the melee INT. JACK’S HOUSE - DAY. 150 Eggsy watches the mayhem onscreen, dumbstruck. It's wholesale slaughter, but Jack's trained killer statu distinctly apparent: he’s cutting his way across the room taking people down, leaving a trail of bodies behind him. Eggsy clicks something that looks like a communication ic 151 152 96.
99) 0) text: Jack is choking the Church Leader to death. Behind him, a woman repeatedly slams another woman's head into a pew, until she is suddenly shot in the head. Jack drops the dead Church Leader and turns to see that h and an ARMED MAN are the last two standing. Jack draws hi gun and shoots, but he’s out of ammo. The man fires, misses. Now he’s out of ammo too... and Ja is upon him with a SILVER CANDLESTICK. WHAM. He goes down It’s quiet now except for the WHINE. Suddenly, it STOPS. Coming back to his senses now, Jack surveys the scene. An he’s horrified. He hears Eggsy’s voice.