4) 0) text: Eggsy enters. The room is now dirty, dilapidated. Michell looks worn down, slovenly. She’s slumped on the couch, smoking, flanked by two shady men: DEAN, 42 and KENZIE, 2 A TODDLER in a sagging diaper wanders around aimlessly.
4) 3) dialog: Go and get us some, then.
4) 7) dialog: Get your mum the Rizlas and some beers and I'l tell you what: while you're gone we’ll show her three can be good company. Eggsy struggles to control his impulse to deck Dean.
20) 6) dialog: Shut your mouth! I’ve had it with him. He needs to learn some respect. Winding up my business associates, nicking their car! (to Eggsy, punching him) And now your mate‘s gone and put four of ‘em in hospital. Who is he? Who was you with in the pub?
20) 8) dialog: You're gonna fucking tell me or I’ll rip your head off, I swear. As Dean punches Eggsy again, we track past Dean’s fist... land on a tiny DOT on Eggsy‘s shoulder. Right where Jack patted him. We track in until darkness fills the screen..
21) 0) text: ...And track out again to reveal that we are now in Jack’ study. He’s hanging up a FRAMED NEWSPAPER HEADLINE beside others. “BIKINI READY! KIM KARDASHIAN LOSES 15LBS”. The s of Dean's assault is clearly audible in here.
21) 3) dialog: I could kill you, and the world wouldn’t even notice. Jack clicks on the microphone icon and leans in closer.
21) 6) dialog: What the fuck is going on? Taking advantage of Dean's confused state, Eggsy heaves himself to his feet and bolts for the front door.
91) 0) text: Dean and his Gang Boys are sitting outside, drinking. The Bristol pulls up. To their disbelief, Eggsy opens the win
91) 2) dialog: Only if you get out that poncy car first. And only if the word is “ow, you broke my nose.” 142 143 91.
91) 4) dialog: Come on then, you little prick. Eggsy smiles calmly and reaches for the door handle. THUN The lock clicks shut. Eggsy tries to pull it. It won’t bu Dean looks at him, incredulous. Eggsy reacts in total dismay and puzzlement as -- ROAR! ~ the engine starts. And the car pulls away! The Gang Boys LAUGH loudly. Dean yells after him.
91) 5) dialog: Chicken shit! Come back when you've grown a pair!
155) 0) text: Dean, the Gang Boys, Ryan and Jamal are in deadly combat. INT. EGGSY’S MUM'S FLAT! ~ DAY. 224 Eggsy’s mum looks crazed as she tries to break down a doo Behind it, we can hear Eggsy’s little sister, SCREAMING.
174) 12) dialog: Aaah! You broke my nose!