1) 0) text: The four operatives, tying A TERRORIST to a chair. The fi operative performs a swift body check, then removes his g mask. This is JACK LINCOLN, 32, handsome, calm and assure Another man removes his mask. Late 20s, black, good-looki His code name is MERLIN. He nods respectfully to Jack. A second follows suit. Early 20s, white, well-groomed, oo aristocratic confidence. He’ll come to be known as LANCEL It takes a nudge from Merlin to prompt the third to remov his mask. This is LEE, 22 - rugged face, army haircut and strong London accent. He looks to Jack, apologetic.
1) 1) dialog: Sorry, sir. Jack draws a GUN and addresses his captive in perfect Ara
1) 7) dialog: Grenade! It DETONATES. Lee and the Terrorist are killed instantly. Jack, Lancelot and Merlin are blown back by the force, bu thanks to Lee, they’re alive. They pick themselves up.
2) 0) text: The front room of a small but neatly-kept flat. On the wa is a large framed shopping-mall portrait: Lee in army uni with his wife, MICHELLH, 20s, and their little son, BGGSY
25) 0) text: A sleek chamber, like a mini subway platform. Eggsy boggl
30) 0) text: Eggsy is asleep. Suddenly: a GRINDING NOISE. His eyes ope Above him, the ceiling of the dorm room is scrolling open like a car sun-roof. It moves a couple of feet, then stop A split second later: a tidal wave of WATER explodes thro the gap and CRASHES into the room! Everyone scrambles out of bed. The water is already knee on the floor and still sluicing down from above.
35) 0) text: Everyone is asleep. Their dogs sleep too, in training cra at the end of each bed. One crate is empty, and the bed behind it - Ajit’s bed - is empty as well, and stripped b The crate at the end of Eggsy’s bed is also empty, But Eggsy’s dog is asleep, curled up on the bed. Suddenly: WATER rains down on Eggsy! He sits up, terrifie not again!! Charlie is running away with an empty BUCKET. Henri, Rufu Ulrich, Omar and Kenji practically wet themselves laughin Eggsy leaps up and runs at Charlie, livid. In a flash, Ro is out of bed. She pulls Eggsy away.
46) 0) text: Eggsy wakes up in the sick bay. He looks around to see hi dog asleep on the end of his bed... And Jack in the next
46) 32) text: 76 INT. SICK BAY ~ NIGHT. 55. 76 Jack is asleep. It’s dark, beside the glow from the Ipad Eggsy's hand. He’s chanting softly under his breath.
54) 0) text: Eggsy, Roxy and Charlie sleep. All other beds are empty n
86) 0) text: A GORGEOUS WOMAN is asleep here. Eggsy creeps towards her Holding his breath, he slips his hand under the mattress. It's unbearably tense. The woman stirs... And wakes up! Face to face with Eggsy. Panicking, he grab the mattress and yanks it up, tipping her to the ground.
157) 0) text: Gazelle is running up the tunnel. INT. VALENTINE’S HO LOBBY - DAY. 227 The Texan lies asleep, oblivious. The rest of the Elite a watching the MONITORS here and celebrating. 229 230 232 233 234 120.