1) 0) text: The four operatives, tying A TERRORIST to a chair. The fi operative performs a swift body check, then removes his g mask. This is JACK LINCOLN, 32, handsome, calm and assure Another man removes his mask. Late 20s, black, good-looki His code name is MERLIN. He nods respectfully to Jack. A second follows suit. Early 20s, white, well-groomed, oo aristocratic confidence. He’ll come to be known as LANCEL It takes a nudge from Merlin to prompt the third to remov his mask. This is LEE, 22 - rugged face, army haircut and strong London accent. He looks to Jack, apologetic.
1) 9) dialog: Time was of the essence, sir. Could have happened to any one of us.
1) 12) dialog: Lee was the stronger candidate, sir. As I believe he just made evident. But Hugo’s test performances have been flawless. Merlin indicates Lancelot. Jack extends his hand to him.
26) 6) dialog: Galahad. Late again.
26) 8) dialog: Attention! Everyone leaps to attention. Eggsy is beside a small, mou American girl: ROXY, 22. She doesn’t take her eyes off Merlin, but discreetly pats Eggsy on the back, reassuring MERLIN (CONT’D) Ladies and Gentlemen, now we're all here: welcome. My name is Merlin. And you are about to embark upon what is arguably the most dangerous job interview in the world. Failure in any of the tests you’1l undergo over the coming weeks will mean you lose your chance at this job. But I need you to be aware that you could lose a great deal more. (gesturing to the wall) Can somebody tell me what this is?
26) 11) dialog: Correct. Charlie, isn’t it?
26) 13) dialog: Excellent. On the table, you will find a marker pen. Use it to write your name on the bag, plus contact details for your next of kin. And in a moment, the rest of you will collect your body bags from that closet over there, and you will do the same. (MORE)
26) 15) dialog: By doing so, you acknowledge the risks you face. You also acknowledge that you will never discuss your time here, even with your families. You break this rule, you put them at risk. {to Charlie) Well, what are you waiting for? Charlie breaks from the group and heads for the body bag.
26) 16) dialog: Why is this process so dangerous? Because the job you are competing for is a hundred times more so. If you're not up to it, we’d prefer to know now, and not later, when the lives of others may depend on it. Does anybody want out? The candidates’ eyes dart around the room. Anybody moving Eggsy's eyes meet Roxy’s. They both look away quickly.
26) 17) dialog: When you’re done with your bags, bed. The dorm is down the hall. Long day ahead tomorrow. Fall out! Merlin leaves the room and everyone hurries to the closet A tall attractive Danish blonde, AMELIA, 23, gets there f and starts passing out the bags to the first four in line ULRICH (macho, German), KENJI (slim, Japanese), ANTON (Burotrashy, Italian) and SABA (tough-looking, Ethiopian) At the back of the line, Roxy shakes Eggsy’s hand.
28) 0) text: The beautifully panelled and upholstered interior of the Jack sits alone, sipping a drink. His watch FLASHES. He s on his glasses and looks over to an empty seat. JACK'S POV: Merlin is now sitting in the seat.
28) 1) dialog: Arthur instructed me to brief you on infiltrating the GBK mainframe. 49 36.
28) 4) dialog: The bank opens at eight AM. The ladies’ is on the sixth floor. -- The woman enters a beautifully—appointed elevator. -- In a TOILET CUBICLE, she looks up at: an AIR VENT.
28) 5) dialog: The vent is above the last cubicle. The shaft will take you as far as the East fire escape. -- She removes her coat to reveal a fitted black sweater ski pants... and a rather manly body. Then she tears off we now realize is A WIG, and A LATEX MASK. This is JACK. -- He climbs into up the ventilation shaft, crawls along. -- He drops silently from a ceiling vent and races upstai
28) 6) dialog: The vault is two floors up... On the north side of the building. -- On a landing, Jack applies a thick layer of PURPLE RES to his palms. Then opens the window here and climbs out. -~ He inches toward the corner of the building, the myste resin somehow making his palms adhere to the masonry.
28) 7) dialog: The security corridor is unmanned until eight fifteen AM... But the laser field will be active. Your access point will be three point two metres firom the end. -- Jack slips in through a window. LASER BEAMS crisscross corridor, a-la Oceans 12/Entrapment. He expertly negotiat his way down it, leaping, ducking, slithering. Impressive stops in the middle and gets a GADGET out of his bag. -- In a stark SERVER ROOM, a HOLE is cut into the ceiling A CLAMP bites the hole. A CABLE is looped through the cla 50
28) 10) dialog: You'll have five minutes. Get in, get the info, get out. Jack drops down, now improbably wearing a harness. He sto neatly above a computer and begins to tap at the keyboard
29) 1) text: Jack looks to the holographic Merlin, aghast.
29) 3) dialog: Do you have a better plan?
30) 15) dialog: Congratulations to all of you on completing your first test. And in particular, to Charlie... And Eggsy. Who it seems has some experience with two-way mirrors. (off Charlie’s proud grin) I'd wipe that smirk off your face if I were you, and show some respect. Not everybody passed. Eggsy follows his gaze, and reacts in dismay. Amelia is still in the dorm, lying in a corner. Motionles
30) 16) dialog: Training begins tomorrow, which I will have nothing to do with. Watching people train is boring. When you see me, it means there's a test. Your real dormitory is across the hall. Get some sleep. They leave in somber silence. Eggsy last, glancing back a Amelia in disbelief. And TWO MEN enter, carrying her body 53 54 55 40.
33) 2) dialog: As some of you learned last night, team work is paramount at Huntsman. But I need you all to learn that. Before we do the assault course, you're each going to pick a puppy. He gestures to them to approach the pens. We follow Eggsy down the row of eager puppy faces. A tiny PUG cocks its h
33) 3) dialog: From here on in, wherever you go, your dog goes. You will care for it. You will train it. Your dog is your responsibility at all times. Choose your puppy. A CLATTER of cage doors, BARKING. Charlie, Henri, Rufus a Ajit bag the service breeds: LABRADOR, COLLIE, ALSATIAN. Panicking, Eggsy grabs the pug. Roxy grabs a STANDARD POO
33) 7) dialog: Attention! Everyone stands to attention, dogs running around their f
33) 8) dialog: The last candidate to complete the course goes home. GO! 57 42. Everyone rushes for the assault course. Eggsy looks down. then back to the kennels: his dog is still there. Lying d Charlie, Henri, Rufus and Ajit leap onto the first obstac YELLING instructions. Their dogs race off in every direct Charlie catches his, smacks it on the muzzle.
39) 0) text: A TABLE here bears PISTOLS and WEBBING. Also, incongruous colorful HELIUM ANIMAL BALLOONS. Merlin picks up a PISTOL
39) 1) dialog: This is our standard issue pistol, made for us by Purdey and Sons of London. As you see, it also fires a shotgun cartridge for messy short- range situations. Please note that today you won’t use that function. Take a gun, webbing, and two balloons. And leave your dogs here.
40) 0) text: A MAZE -- like a laser-tag scenario, but much more elabor The candidates follow Merlin in, wearing the webbing. Eac has two balloons tied to them, floating above their heads
40) 1) dialog: Shoot other people’s balloons. First to lose both is out. As is anyone who hits a person. And by “out”, I mean going home.
40) 3) dialog: Well spotted, Saba. Now, on the first signal, scatter. On the second, the hunt is on. A KLAXON sounds and the candidates race for the labyrinth Balloons bob above the walls. Eggsy ducks as low as he ca 67 Al. Charlie and Henri creep together, in some kind of truce. Ulrich climbs up into a small TOWER structure. A SECOND KLAXON sounds. Then there is silence. POP! One of Eggsy's balloons bursts. POP! Roxy loses one Up in the tower, Ulrich is taking pot shots at everyone.. But now he’s the prime target. From their various locatio every candidate now has his or her sights trained on Ulri Everyone fires. POP! POP! Both of Ulrich’s balloons go... Then he is HIT in the chest. He FALLS from the tower. ANOTHER KLAXON sounds. It’s over. Everyone runs over to w Ulrich is lying, groaning. Merlin approaches, too.
40) 5) dialog: No we don’t. Unlike Churchill’s jumpsuits, ours have Kevlar woven into them. The fall probably hurt more than the shot. Just as well you were the first to lose both balloons, Ulxich. You can recuperate at home instead of our sick bay. And Anton? That was your bullet, so pack your bags.
41) 0) text: dgack is in a sick bay bed. Merlin is here, and they’re watching a screen playing footage of Professor Swanson’s exploding, in super-slow motion, on a loop.
41) 1) dialog: You felt heat?
41) 3) dialog: Are you familiar with pyroclastic density currents?
41) 5) dialog: Exactly. Superheated gas and matter. Stand downwind in the wrong conditions and your brain can cook fast enough to shatter the skull. 48.
41) 7) dialog: I’m told even academics contain fluid and soft tissue. Question is, how did it get superheated? Arthur enters.
41) 10) dialog: Four broken ribs, multiple lacerations and concussion. Needs to stay at least forty eight hours.
41) 13) dialog: Swanson's phone earpiece. Rigged to deliver intense heat directly into the ear canal. Triggered by a text.
44) 7) dialog: Remember: relax to release, tense to hold. The resin responds to your neurotransmitter chemicals. Saba's hands peel away from the building and she falls... Lands heavily on the ground. The dogs run over and sniff MERLIN (CONT‘D) That'll do for today. Saba -- pack your bags. Everyone else, wash your hands, then straight to room nine. Everyone gets down, hurries off. Eggsy stops to help Saba She’s clutching her back, in some pain from her fall.
45) 0) text: Eggsy, Roxy, Charlie, Henri, Omar, Rufus and Kenji sit anxiously in SPECIAL CHAIRS with HANDLES on the arm rests They grab their handles and exchange uneasy looks. Merlin moves over to a PULL SWITCH on the wall.
45) 1) dialog: First to let go goes home. Merlin throws the switch. Everyone reacts in AGONY. Teeth gritted, spines arching. Rufus lets go of the handles and leaps up out of his seat While the others continue to endure their suffering, Merl points to the door and Rufus leaves, ashamed. Sl. Roxy and Eggsy are side by side, Roxy slumped, hair damp.
45) 5) dialog: He won. Take him to the sick bay.
46) 12) dialog: Ta da. Richmond Valentine. Philanthropist and tech billionaire. 53.
46) 15) dialog: It came from a number registered to a charitable foundation he runs. Climate change research. Billions of dollars went through it over the last decade, then for the last two years, nothing. And not a single current registered employee. Either he lost interest in saving the earth or we're looking at a major tax dodge that's never been investigated.
46) 18) dialog: We’re up to twenty three at the last count. Scientists, doctors, academics. No obvious link with Swanson or Valentine, but it’s too much of a coincidence to discount.
50) 4) dialog: Listen up! Your target is a red “H” -- that’s H for Huntsman. Your mission is to land in it without the radar detecting you. If I read you on radar or you do not land in the H, you will not be joining the H. Understood? Everybody murmurs their assent. Merlin grabs a loop and p on a HELMET. The candidates follow suit. The back of the plane opens.
50) 5) dialog: Dropzone coming up. Twenty seconds. A BEEP begins, counting down. Everybody charges to the ha Merlin strolls past them, jumps out first. Then one by one, the rest pile out. Eggsy goes second to last, Roxy behind him. She clings to the door frame. Eggs pats her on the back before he jumps. Roxy closes her eyes arid, reluctantly, follows.
51) 0) text: The six candidates plummet through the sky. Insanely high Merlin is already out of sight. Eggsy surveys his HEADS UP DISPLAY. He locates the H, and begins to enjoy the flying sequence, everyone jockeying f first position, trash-talking through the comms.
51) 8) dialog: I told you: aim for the H, come in under the radar. And I hope not to be scraping one of you up. But if I do, and it’s from inside the H, please know I'll be very impressed.
51) 14) dialog: Good plan, Eggsy. You have thirty seconds. Hurry.
51) 18) dialog: Congratulations. You two managed to set a record. Opening at three hundred feet was pretty ballsy. Omar lands in the H. Followed by Henri and Charlie.
51) 19) dialog: I should fail the rest of you. You opened too early, people. You were all over that radar. But given the circumstances I’ll let you all off. {Kenji lands behind him) Except Kenji. Pack your bags. Kenji walks away from the group, ashamed.
51) 21) dialog: Don’t bellow, Eggsy. If you have a complaint, whisper it in my ear. Come on. Don"t be shy. Eggsy approaches him, nervous now. He gets close. He’s ab to whisper to Merlin... when Merlin whispers to him inste MERLIN (CONT‘D) You really need to take that chip off your shoulder. He pulls Eggsy’s cord. The chute opens, sending him flyin
57) 8) dialog: Thought we were done for the day, did you? We‘’re not. Go and put on your best clothes.
57) 10) dialog: I‘ll authorize the bursar to give you some funds. You can buy yourself something on the way.
57) 12) dialog: London. Lulu’s nightclub, to be precise. You're going to use your NLP training to win over a selected target whose photo is now on your bed. And when I say “win over”, I mean it in the biblical sense. 94 INT. DORM ~ NIGHT. o4 Eggsy, Roxy and Charlie run to their beds and grab the PHOTOGRAPHS waiting there. Eggsy shows Roxy his: a VERY PRETTY POSH GIRL. Text reads: “LADY SOPHIE MONTAGUE-HERRI
83) 8) dialog: Nice work. Last agent who used one of those swallowed the damn thing before he could plant it. The tracker’s working.
83) 12) dialog: We've started coating the trackers with a constipating formula. Buys us at least thirty six hours.
83) 14) dialog: Nothing on either of them yet. What happened to MI5? No sign of anyone?
88) 0) text: Merlin and Arthur wait outside, both on the call to Jack.
88) 1) dialog: It's possible. Arthur's updated MI5. Should be the boot up the arse they need. I’1l keep you posted.
88) 4) dialog: And two minutes to spare! Very well done, Roxy.
88) 8) dialog: Yes, Control? Yes, I see it. (To Arthur} We have an unidentified plane approaching, looks like it’s intending to land. Get clear. The three of them begin to run as the Jet bears down on t A BLACK GULF STREAM, unbelievably loud. Running in the ot direction, ARMED HUNTSMEN SECURITY rush out towards it. The jet lands and comes to a stop right next to them.
88) 13) dialog: You're within the time, Eggsy.
88) 15) dialog: Tonight?
93) 1) dialog: From everything I can find online, the Church of the Saviour is some kind of hate group. You inside now?
104) 1) dialog: Okay Lancelot, put it down. It’s verified. Roxy lowers the gun. Eggsy lowers his hands.
104) 2) dialog: Arthur's phone is receiving update texts about getting to safety. There’s not a lot of time.
104) 4) dialog: God knows who's in Valentine's pocket and who‘’s not. We have no choice but to deal with this curselves.
104) 6) dialog: Load that into the plane.
104) 8) dialog: Valentine’s base. He's sent the ccordinates in a group text, inviting his chosen people to join him there if they don’t have a safe retreat of their own. EXT. VALENTINE’S MOUNTAIN BASE - NIGHT, 161 We follow a PRIVATE JET flying towards a huge MOUNTAIN. Inside, the pilot looks nervous -- it looks as if he is a to crash inte the rock-face... +..But it’s a PROJECTION. The jet flies straight through. 162 163 103. INT. VALENTINE’S BASE -. NIGHT. 162 The Jet lands. Smartly-dressed GREETERS, wearing ear-piec walk over to welcome the newcomers. INT. CONTROL ROOM - NIGHT. Banks of TECHNICAL EQUIPMENT in here. On a MONITOR, a liv feed of a landing strip. The pilot, PASSENGERS and Greete Valentine is in here with Gazelle,
105) 0) text: Merlin is in scientific mode, dissecting the inner workin of the PHONE and HEADSET as Roxy and Eggsy watch.
105) 1) dialog: It seems the earpiece can emit some kind of counter-signal to ensure the wearer is unaffected by the waves from the sim cards.
105) 3) dialog: Quite. Presumably it’s just a precaution. And as I suspected, it can also super-heat the wearer’s soft tissue, in the event that they blab to the wrong people.
105) 5) dialog: It doesn't. m just tinkering
105) 8) dialog: We'll only have time to take out one. (MORE)
105) 10) dialog: But that’1l break the chain and stop the signal. And you‘ll have dealt with Valentine before he can do anything about it.
105) 12) dialog: Got it. Brace yourself for landing. Through the plane window, all Eggsy can see is a DESERTED ROAD in the middle of mowhere. They’re landing on it.
106) 1) dialog: Lancelot, put this on.
106) 3) dialog: It was developed as part of Reagan's Star Wars project, but ultimately rejected. It’s quite basic, but it should still work. Roxy reluctantly gets in. Merlin operates some VALVES. A of gasses, and huge METALLIC BALLOONS start to inflate.
106) 4) dialog: When you reach the edge of the atmosphere, the ballcons will implode. So you’1l need to deploy your missile just before that.
106) 6) dialog: After you've deployed, you'll need to release for your descent. Fast. Roxy starts rising, balloons near full. Eggsy grabs her h
106) 8) dialog: Stop gaping, Eggsy. Time is not our friend. Go and get ready.
107) 0) text: Merlin throws Eggsy a SUIT-BAG. Eggsy looks inside, is mo
107) 2) dialog: You're getting in on Arthur’s invitation. You need to blend in.
107) 4) dialog: No we. Once you're inside, I need you to connect me to the mainframe.
108) 3) dialog: You're doing great. Not much further to go. You’re up next, Eggsy. Valentine’s base is in that mountain. (off Eggsy’s alarm) (MORE)
108) 5) dialog: Don't worry, that’s just a cloaking device over the entrance. Smoke and mirrors. Shadows fill the plane as they swoop inside the mountain.
109) 7) dialog: Stop fucking about.
110) 11) dialog: I’m in. Give me a second.
113) 2) dialog: Good luck, Lancelot. Fire in three... two... one! Go! Roxy FIRES HER MISSILE.
113) 3) dialog: And release, now! Roxy pulls the release bar... And begins to plummet.
119) 0) text: Merlin, his computer before him, punches the air.
119) 1) dialog: Yes!
120) 4) dialog: I'm working on that door, wait. Once you're through, you‘ll pass through some kind of cell block. The door behind him is starting to come off its hinges. J in time, the door in front of him CLICKS open.
121) 0) text: Merlin looks at his screen.
121) 1) dialog: Oh shit. Wrong satellite.
123) 1) dialog: I can’t shut down the server remotely in this little time. You'll have to do it manually.
124) 1) dialog: The prison cells are in front of you. I'm opening them.
125) 1) dialog: I don’t know, but you've got to get them to help you.
126) 3) dialog: Get back into that tunnel.
129) 0) text: Merlin pounds a key, then smacks his forehead in frustrat
129) 1) dialog: Damn. I can't open any more. You got enough people?
132) 0) text: Merlin looks anxiously at his computer.
132) 1) dialog: Valentine’s shut his security door. We've got to figure out a way in. We've got two minutes.
135) 0) text: Merlin studies the map on his monitor.
135) 1) dialog: There's a fuse box in the tunnel. You can disable the security door. 203 INT. SECURITY LOCK — DAY. 203 Eggsy and the others stand at the door. We can hear the Security Guards on the other side, trying to get in.
135) 5) dialog: Roger that. Can you hear me Usain?
137) 1) dialog: Take the right!
141) 1) dialog: Keep going! Door on your left! Usain puts on a spurt cf speed and finally reaches the fu box room. He runs in and slams the door in Gazelle’s face Gazelle rattles the handle, furious. It's now locked. 212 117.
143) 0) text: Merlin has the same countdown in a window on his screen,
143) 1) dialog: Usain? Do you see it?
144) 2) dialog: Then turn them all off!
147) 1) dialog: Nine seconds! Usain, you did it!
156) 3) dialog: He’s right, I can't override it.
162) 0) text: On Merlin’s screen, text reads: “SELECT ALL?”. He clicks. INT. EGGSY’S MUM'S FLAT - DAY. 234 Eggsy's sister stands in her cot, screaming. Suddenly, th door SPLINTERS. And, The Shining style, heeeere’s Michell 239 240 241 242 121.
170) 2) dialog: Uh... Eggsy? I think it’s too late. INT. VALENTINE’S HO LOBBY - DAY. 244 The Elite Guests are gathered around the monitors, confus From one a BLOODIED TV REPORTER is reporting breathlessly
174) 0) text: Roxy climbs onboard. Eggsy and Merlin are waiting for her
174) 1) dialog: Welcome back, Lancelot.
174) 3) dialog: Actually... It’s Arthur now. I’m honoured to report that our fellow Huntsmen voted for me to take over. 251 252 124.
174) 5) dialog: In other good news, it would appear that none of their heads blew up. The organization is clean. (a beat) And now Lancelot is with us, I shall conduct my first order of official business. Eggsy... I'd like you to be our new Galahad. He holds out his hand. Eggsy shakes it, overjoyed. MERLIN (CONT’D) Welcome to Huntsman! Roxy throws her arms around Eggsy, hugs him.