3) 13) text: My kind of welcome. Then, taking in the carnage, and Swanson’s haunted face, moves to a nearby counter where he pours two glasses. VALENTINE (CONT’D) Looks like Professor Swanson could use a drop, too. Gazelle slices the terrified Swanson’s ropes, freeing him Valentine heads over with the whiskey. He hands a glass t Swanson, apologetic, and then downs his own in one.
3) 14) dialog: I‘ll never get used to bloodshed. Makes me very nervous. (awkward pause) Looks like we have that in common! (pausing for a laugh that doesn‘t come) Truly, I mean you no harm. I've read all your papers, watched all your interviews. Like, I adore you, and wanna help you and I am so sorry you had to witness all this violence due to our unwanted guest. I promise you, by the time I’ve found out who he works for, you and I will be best of friends. INT. EGGSY’S ROOM - NIGHT 7 The photograph we saw before of Lee and his family stands propped up against a wall. We can hear GUNFIRE. Eggsy, now 21 and looking like someone who’d mug you for phone, lounges on his bed, playing Call of Duty. From 0.s over the gunfire, we hear:
20) 0) text: Close on Valentine, holding up a photograph of Lancelot. he sighs, puts it down. We can’t see who he’s talking to. 31 23.
20) 1) dialog: Great. You don‘t know, the CIA don’t know, no one knows who this guy is. Fine. Seriously, it’s fine. Well, it’s not actually fine. But it’s not why I’m here. He puts the photograph away in a briefcase, then leans in
20) 2) dialog: Look, you know me. Money has never been my issue. All I ever heard at Princeton was how lucky I was to inherit an oil fortune. So I went to MIT instead, and then my tech company is worth more than my oil company, knock myself off the Forbes top spot, yada yada. Point is, you know where the profit went. (a beat) Tried to save the planet. Climate change research, lobbying. Years of work. Billions of dollars. And you know why I quit? Because last time I checked, the planet was still screwed. So here’s my epiphany: money can’t solve this. The idiots who call themselves politicians have buried their heads in the sand, stood for nothing but re- election. The last two years, I've looked for a real solution. And I found it. And if you really want to make the world a better place, listen the hell up, very carefully, because I’m gonna tell it to you. We pull back to reveal that Valentine is in The Oval Offi talking to THE PRESIDENT.
38) 2) dialog: Sounded like an explosion. Did our guys have explosives? (off his head shake) Great. Fuck! Fuck that guy. Whoever he is, I’m gonna... He made me kill Professor Swanson! I goddamn loved Professor Swanson.
38) 4) dialog: Know what’s not good? “my colleague died”. You heard the guy. This is an organization, and they’re all over us. Whoever you spoke to --
38) 6) dialog: Beijing. It’s so freaky how there’s no recognizable name for the Chinese secret service. Now, that’s what you call secret, right?! (MORE)
38) 8) dialog: (mercurial, he darkens) Keep looking. I’m sitting here waiting to push the button on phase two. It's way late to be doubting who we can trust. (a beat) Not happy, Gazelle. Not even a bit happy- Know what? Fuck it. We’re gonna need to speed things up. Bring the product release forward.
38) 10) dialog: Like I care! Just get it done!
46) 26) dialog: Sir Elton? I have your dinner! Had it flown in directly from London. SPLAT. Something brown hits Valentine in the face. It loc worryingly like shit. And now Sir Elton John storms towards the bars, incandesc
46) 28) dialog: It’s... From your favorite Indian restaurant.
46) 30) dialog: I told you. You can go home any time. If you agree to the conditions.
49) 6) dialog: Hey, man. Sorry I didn’t feel the need to dress up.
49) 8) dialog: I don’t know how it is in England, but over here it's considered a little bit bourgeois.
49) 11) dialog: Well, I gotta admit: I was intrigued to meet you. There aren’t many billionaires I don't know.
49) 13) dialog: So, I had my people look into your accounts. Obviously. That’s some pretty old money you’re from. How'd your family make it?
49) 15) dialog: Listen, you ask me, all money is dirty. I'm just into finding out what caliber of person you are. I’m sure you get that.
49) 17) dialog: Good call. But for me, you can’t beat two cheese burgers, with secret sauce. Goes great with a ‘55 Haut Brion. Jack takes a sip of his wine.
49) 19) dialog: Great idea. So, let’s talk. You wanna donate to my foundation... You are aware that I've wound things down in that area? 59.
49) 21) dialog: A billion is a lot to offer any organization. Especially one that’s been inactive for two years.
49) 23) dialog: I shut it down because I didn’t get anywhere. Every bit of research pointed to the same thing.
49) 25) dialog: You know your shit.
49) 27) dialog: Professor Swanson, man. I was bummed about that. Loved that guy.
49) 29) dialog: Yeah. It’s funny, not a lot of people have heard of him. (then, pointed) You a fan of spy movies, Mr DeVere?
49) 31) dialog: Right! The old Bond movies. Man. When I was a kid, that was, like, my dream job. Gentleman spy.
49) 33) dialog: Well. Isn‘t it a pity we both had to grow up. (finishing his burger) Let's have dessert in the drawing room. 84 INT. VALENTINE’S HOUSE - ENTRANCE HALL - NIGHT. 84 Valentine is seeing Jack out at the front door.
49) 34) dialog: Gimme a little time to think on your proposal, okay? My people will be in touch. Jack leaves and Valentine shuts the door. Then he pulls o his phone and makes a video-call to Gazelle.
49) 36) dialog: Definitely.
49) 38) dialog: No need. Nano-tracker gel in the Haut Brion. We'll know his every move. At least until he has a shit.
55) 0) text: Valentine talks to a large gathering of INTERNATIONAL PRE
55) 1) dialog: In the past, I’ve gone on record saying that I want to make a difference. It’s a phrase you hear a lot. And what tends to follow it are actions that have very little net effect on our daily lives. (a beat) Well... I’m here to put my money where my mouth is. And right into the pockets of the man and woman on the street. Every year, each of us spends on average nearly two thousand dollars on cell phone and internet usage. It is my privilege to announce: those days are over. A curtain behind Valentine swishes open to reveal: a huge SCREEN. On it, an image of A SATELLITE in SPACE. VALENTINE (CONT’D) From tomorrow, every man, woman and child who so desires can claim a free sim card and usb stick, compatible with any phone, any computer, in order to utilise my communications network. For free. (There is wild APPLAUSE) And now I'd like to introduce you to the spokesman for this venture -— aman who we were all very happy to learn was simply a victim of bad reporting: David Beckham! David Beckham walks out to WILD CHEERING.
69) 3) dialog: Mr. DeVere! What a coincidence! You are totally why I’m here! There I was, admiring your smoking jacket, and I suddenly realized it was the same cut as my father’s. He always had his suits made here. And apparently you gotta have one of these crazy penguin costumes for Ascot. So here I am! What are you doing here? (he looks at Eggsy) This your son?
69) 5) dialog: Another coincidence! Me too. He indicates Gazelle, now emerging from the changing room Jack maintains his composed smile and slips on his glasse
70) 0) text: on the screen: footage of Valentine on the shop floor, as recorded live now by Jack. Arthur puts on his own glasses
70) 3) dialog: You'll be hearing from us ver soon. I guarantee it. He takes off the morning jacket -- chalked for alteration hands it to the tailor and heads for the door. As Valentine leaves, he is discretely followed by UNDERCO SECURITY MEN we had previously taken to be casual custome As soon as they’ve all left, the tailor ushers Eggsy into dressing room, and Jack urgently resumes his conversation
83) 1) dialog: Noah had a chance to make the world a better place but he blew it. I mean, mosquitos? Ticks? Really? Now we see that he is flirting with a BEAUTIFUL WOMAN. Sh laughs appreciatively, then gives him a teasing smile.
83) 3) dialog: People to see, you know. But it’s always nice to mix business with pleasure.
83) 5) dialog: I think my reputation precedes me.
96) 0) text: A trailer full of EQUIPMENT. MONITORS show live feed from cameras in the church. Valentine is here with Gazelle. 149 150 95.
96) 1) dialog: Start the test! Quick, before he leaves. Wait! Put your earpiece in!
96) 3) dialog: Listen, if I’m wrong about the range, I'm the one who's screwed. So I’m not taking any chances. (Gazelle puts his on) Okay. Go. (Gazelle taps some keys) Now let‘s just hope enough of these freaks have our sim cards.
98) 0) text: Valentine and Gazelle watch, pleased.
98) 1) dialog: Bingo! Nailed it! Response rate: one hundred percent.
98) 3) dialog: But they liked each other just fine. It works, damn it.
98) 5) dialog: The fuss that woulda caused is the last thing we need this close to V day. Everyone thinks these guys are nuts already. It’s perfect. And we even got to wipe out the Huntsman.
100) 0) text: Jack bursts out into the open, only to see: Gazelle sprin towards him, gun aimed. Valentine walks behind, leisurely
100) 2) dialog: Judging by the fact that he used a candlestick for his last kill, I’m thinking he’s outta tricks. Am I right or am I right?
100) 4) dialog: Clever, isn't it? In simple terms, it’s a neurological wave that triggers the centre of aggression and switches off inhibitors.
100) 6) dialog: You know what this is getting like? It’s getting like those old movies we both love. Like, I’m gonna tell you my whole plan and then I set up an absurdly convoluted way of killing you that you find an equally convoluted way of escaping.
100) 8) dialog: Like I said. It’s a shame that we both had to grow up. He nods to Gazelle and Gazelle shoots Jack dead, 98.
101) 2) dialog: Meh. I liked that guy. Feel like I coulda talked him round.
101) 4) dialog: Yeah. So, Let’s head for home. Send out the countdown clock. Party starts tomorrow.
103) 0) text: Valentine is pitching his ethos to Arthur. He comes over fiercely intelligent, reasonable, charismatic.
103) 1) dialog: Earth is a self-regulating system, but anthropogenic forcing has interfered by changing the external boundary conditions. Man’s agriculture and industry has altered and depleted forty percent of the planet's surface. The human body is another self-regulating system. When a virus interferes with its functions, either the virus is destroyed, or the host is destroyed.
103) 3) dialog: Mankind is that virus. Population growth is out of control. Even if you take climate change from the equation, the point of no return passed a long time ago. Fact is, we're only sixty years away from running out of space to grow enough food to sustain this horde of ours. Fifty years from having depleted the seas of all edible seafood. Whether we starve ourselves to extinction, or our carbon emissions raise temperature to uninhabitable levels first, the outcome is the same. The virus dies. 101. 159 INT. HUNTSMAN DINING ROOM - PRESENT —- DAY. 159 Arthur has just finished recounting this to Eggsy.
104) 9) dialog: How many more are we expecting?
105) 6) text: while I wait for the phone to reverse-locate the most accessible satellites in Valentine’s chain.
120) 6) dialog: Well, just hold whoever the fuck it is there. It"s not like he can do anything from the prison sector. Did you see this, by the way? On one screen, BITS OF DESTROYED SATELLITE float peaceful
120) 7) dialog: Bunch of amateurs just took out Google Earth,
120) 9) dialog: No. But I’m not taking the risk. Bring the countdown forward to... Let’s see. Know what? Fuck it. If people aren't someplace safe by now they must like living dangerously. Signal is go in five minutes. Gazelle nods and takes a seat at another console.
128) 0) text: Valentine screams at Gazelle.
128) 1) dialog: Shit! Freeze the cell override!
131) 2) dialog: I guess we should have had more security. As Gazelle leaves, Valentine flicks a switch and an insan REINFORCED DOOR slams clown. No one is getting through th
138) 0) text: Valentine surveys the security camera output. Usain runni
138) 1) dialog: Gazelle? He’s in service tunnel D. He’s going for the fuse box. Run!
149) 0) text: Valentine watches calmly as the heavy security door rises COMPUTERISED VOICE is now doing a countdown.
149) 2) dialog: Hey, valet boy. Just in time to witness the birth of a new world.
156) 0) text: Eggsy rushes Valentine and begins punching him.
156) 2) dialog: You don’t. Override is voice activated. My voice. And it can detect if I’m under duress. Eggsy drops Valentine and runs to the desk, desperate.
157) 0) text: Gazelle is running up the tunnel. INT. VALENTINE’S HO LOBBY - DAY. 227 The Texan lies asleep, oblivious. The rest of the Elite a watching the MONITORS here and celebrating. 229 230 232 233 234 120.
161) 2) dialog: Not He rushes to the computer.
163) 1) dialog: Okay! Valentine rushes over, smacks his palm on a BIOMETRIC REA VALENTINE (CONT’D) Richmond Valentine. Override code three two ninety nine.
163) 3) dialog: Yes! INT. NEWS ROOM — DAY. 236 The homicidal Weather Girl drops the News Anchor.
170) 0) text: Valentine looks urgently to Eggsy.
170) 1) dialog: I’ve turned off mine, you turn off yours!
171) 0) text: On the security camera monitors, Valentine can see what’s happening in the lobby, and he is livid.
171) 1) dialog: Fuck you! He places his hand back on the biometric reader. Eggsy sh him away and they struggle, Valentine trying to reach it.
173) 1) dialog: Richmond Valentine. Code: ten ten. Cancel override. Re-start sims. Eggsy and Gazelle’'s fight grows ever more intense.
173) 4) dialog: Ye-— The blade comes sailing through the air and IMPALES Valentine. He lets out a gurgling death rattle.