1) 3) dialog: What's going on? Are you ovulating?
1) 7) dialog: (hyper-concerned) What, what? Her hair has become caught in his watchband. They both gi
1) 8) dialog: Jesus, I'm sorry... He delicately maneuvers his wrist, unclips his watch, disentangles her hair. He throws his watch on the bed. She sits up, straddling his waist, her fingers interlaced his. He smiles. She smiles back at him. Then - A chain on the bedside lamp quivers, tinkling against the light fixture. Tori climbs off the bed. She's curious. Alert. As if the is suddenly charged. She ventures toward the hallway.
1) 9) dialog: Babe? You okay? She looks down the dark hallway. Peering into the stillne She turns to Kyle.
1) 20) dialog: You all right? She nods, shaken.
1) 22) dialog: I don't know, an earthquake? She gives him a withering glance. THAT was not an earthqu She notices something outside. She drifts toward the bedr window and looks out, disturbed. Kyle joins her. They see, far off, a FLICKERING LIGHT in the woods. A thi wisp of smoke rising into the night sky.
2) 0) text: Headlights cut through a dirt road - deeper and deeper in woods thick with trees. Kyle at the wheel, Tori looking out the window. She wears red wool cardigan over her nightgown. Eerie old-time musi plays on a tinny dashboard radio. As they drive, the headlights cast ominous shadows. The surroundings become more atmospheric and foreboding. Kyle senses Tori's anxiety.
2) 1) dialog: You know, we don't have to do this. Tori shrugs him off. She doesn't want to do this, but she has to. A SCREECH OF BIRDS flee from the forest. Kyle and Tori look up as an endless FLOCK OF CROWS surges overhead. Kyle watches them pass: why are they all leaving? The song on the radio starts to garble and short out. Kyl fiddles with the radio knobs, the dashboard lights flicke
2) 5) dialog: Goddamnit. Kyle and Tori climb out of the car. As he examines the da buckled hood, broken windshield - Tori stands cold and frightened. She can hear, faintly, far off - RASPY BREATHING - labore like a handsaw's back-and-forth.
2) 7) dialog: Hear what? He shines a flashlight on the jacked-up front hood. He's happy.
2) 8) dialog: Oh, that's beautiful. My truck just got wrecked by a fucking crow. There's no response. He looks around and notices Tori wandering deeper into the woods - as if called.
2) 9) dialog: Tori? She disappears into the brush.
2) 10) dialog: What are you doing? He heads after her, raking his flashlight across the wood He notices trees snapped, shorn off, the edges of their branches ON FIRE. Tiny embers wafting through the air. Th BREATHING getting louder. Kyle - disoriented - spots a glimpse of Tori's nightgown fluttering past some trees. He scrambles to catch up.
2) 11) dialog: Tori... He sees her, briefly, just before she goes through some bushes, deeper into the woods. Kyle hurries to reach her. He shines the flashlight onto the ground and realizes he' a SMOLDERING TRENCH. A SHADOWY FIGURE APPROACHES behind him. He turns - shines flashlight - IT's TORI! Kyle is rattled. Tori is overcome with emotion. Almost beaming. She takes Kyle's hand, pulling at him, beckoning him deep into the forest. The RASPY BREATHING grows louder. A loom sense of dread. She leads him to a JUMBLE OF WRECKAGE SURROUNDED BY FLAME
2) 16) dialog: Jesus! What the fuck! Tori cradles the wheezing baby. He's no more than three pounds. Fragile in her hands. Helpless.
2) 17) dialog: What is that?
2) 19) dialog: Where'd it come from?
2) 21) dialog: We gotta call someone. The sheriff, child services, I don't know. Tori is lost in the newborn child. She strokes his scalp. breathing slows, steadies. Kyle steps toward Tori and the baby, mystified.
2) 22) dialog: What should we do with him?
2) 24) dialog: Tori... Tori - welling with emotion - looks up at her husband.
2) 26) dialog: I know, I know...
3) 6) dialog: What are you guys doing in here?
3) 8) dialog: C'mon, you know the barn is off limits. Kyle double-checks the padlock on a hinged trap door buil into the floor of the grain pit area.
3) 9) dialog: All these loose boards and nails and shit, I just don't want you to break your neck.
3) 11) dialog: Sorry if I gotta be the big bad Dad now and again... Benjamin rolls his eyes. The family heads out of the barn the vast farmland and the morning light. PUSH IN on the trap door in the barn, giving off a FAINT, THROBBING HUM. INSISTENT. FOREBODING. Blue (11/30/17) 9.
6) 1) dialog: She jumps, startled.
6) 2) dialog: Everything okay? She fidgets.
6) 4) dialog: (suspicious) Where? Tori catches herself, decides to protect Kyle -
8) 2) dialog: Wow. I think they use that to break prisoners at Guantanamo. Benjamin half-smiles.
8) 12) dialog: No. No way. Tori, we discussed this.
8) 14) dialog: (to Benjamin) You're not ready. Kyle takes the rifle from him. Benjamin flares with anger
8) 16) dialog: Exactly. You're still a child. Benjamin is irate. He stares down Kyle. Arcade games malfunction in the b.g.
8) 18) dialog: (taken aback) What'd you say to me?
8) 21) dialog: (furious) Okay. You're done. No ice cream. Kyle knocks the sundae aside - the glass bowl clattering across the table. Other customers steal glances at them.
8) 22) dialog: We're leaving. Kyle stands to go, grabbing Benjamin by the elbow - Benjamin doesn't budge. An immovable force. Kyle is about to lose it -
8) 23) dialog: Get _up. Benjamin boils. It's a standoff. Tori tenderly touches Benjamin's arm.
9) 1) dialog: Turns twelve years old, suddenly gets a mouth on him.
9) 4) dialog: I worry about him. Getting older. Changing. Maybe it's all normal, I don't know. Kyle sits next to Tori. Takes a swig from his beer.
9) 6) dialog: Fucking around on that puke-green couch down there. Every time the floor would creak upstairs I'd zip my damn pants up... They laugh as he nuzzles up to her, puts his hand on her thigh. She returns his affection.
9) 7) dialog: We were such idiots. But we pulled through, didn't we?
9) 10) dialog: How 'bout we all go camping up in Drywood this weekend? The three of us. Blue (11/30/17) 18.
9) 12) dialog: Know what else we haven't done in forever? She smiles as they start kissing.
10) 3) dialog: Fuck you, wolf! I outrank you on the food chain! You come round again, I'll kill your ass! No reply. Kyle is alone amid a vast sea of corn stalks.
11) 0) text: Benjamin heads toward the truck, where Kyle packs camping supplies. He wears a t-shirt, a backpack over his shoulde He seems more inward, more distant, than he did earlier. Tori calls out from a wraparound porch -
11) 7) dialog: Hon? You about ready? Tori is lost in the pages. Concerned. Kyle joins her in the room.
11) 8) dialog: You find it?
11) 10) dialog: Is this his idea of porn? He sees a Memorial Day Sale mailer with women in bras. He amused -
11) 11) dialog: Mailers from Target - for the truly hardcore. He leafs through and finds PAGES FROM AN ANATOMY TEXTBOOK Medical diagrams of the FEMALE REPRODUCTIVE SYSTEM. An illustration of a NAKED FEMALE and her endocrine system. SECTIONS OF THE VAGINA, THE CERVIX, THE UTERUS.
11) 13) dialog: What the hell?
11) 15) dialog: Not any guy I know. Not this. Blue (11/30/17) 22.
11) 17) dialog: Fine. I'll give him the same talk my dad gave me: ‘It's the second hole from the back of the neck.'
12) 0) text: A crisp afternoon, sun dead over the horizon. A cheap dom tent set up at a campsite. Tori takes a couple of gnarled steaks from a package and salts them. Up the hillside, Kyle and Benjamin crinkle through brown leaves, gathering firewood. Kyle tries to be casual -
12) 1) dialog: So, uh, Ben... I know you just had your birthday.
12) 3) dialog: Which means you're a young man, your body's starting to change.
12) 5) dialog: So you might find yourself more and more interested in women. And women's bodies. Benjamin looks up at Kyle - cold, upset -
12) 7) dialog: What? No.
12) 9) dialog: Look, I respect that. I was the same way at your age - I thought about girls all the time, and no one ever told me it was okay to touch it or play with it.
12) 11) dialog: You know. The, uh - my penis.
12) 13) dialog: But here's the thing: sex isn't about organs and body parts. I mean, it is. But it's really about finding the right person, falling in love.
12) 15) dialog: Eventually. Even then, that's not the only purpose of sex. Your mother and I, we still - you know, partake. And she can't have babies. Benjamin is taken aback.
12) 17) dialog: That's why we went to an adoption agency.
12) 19) dialog: What's this about? Were you wanting a baby brother or sister? Because we're happy with you. With the three of us.
12) 21) dialog: Look, maybe my words came out stupid. Just know that you're a guy, and you're gonna be feeling certain urges about girls you see in movies, girls in your class, whatever. It's okay to give into them now and again. Benjamin looks up at Kyle. He nods, placated.
14) 0) text: Tori STARTLES AWAKE. She's in a sleeping bag next to Kyle in their tent. She f at an empty sleeping bag - Benjamin is gone. The tent door is unzipped, flaps blowing in the breeze. J crickets and katydids outside.
14) 2) dialog: What's wrong?
14) 4) dialog: Ben! In a panic she grabs a flashlight. Kyle starts to split f Tori -
14) 5) dialog: You check that way, I'll take over here. Blue (11/30/17) 28. Tori nods nervously and goes into the forest. She shines the flashlight everywhere. Acres of trees rece into total darkness. She's alone. She hears a FLUTTER somewhere in the trees, crow SQUAWKING. She looks behind her. No sign of Kyle. The embers of the campfire receding into the night. She's scared.
16) 0) text: Kyle sits at an old desk in the study. Just a desk lamp o has his iPad and checkbook open, bills spread out before He picks up a certified letter from the local bank. Not g He tears it open. Scans the letter. We catch scraps of the letter -
17) 0) text: Later in the evening, Kyle is in a fog - drooly, nearly p out. He hears a DIGITAL CHIME. Kyle perks up a bit. Orients himself. He looks down at the iPad on his desk. An ALERT from the security cam. Something moving outside. Kyle opens his home security app - He sees the EERIE BLACK-AND-WHITE NIGHT-VISION ON THE CHI COOP. All seems still. Then, suddenly, CLOSE UP OF WINGS FLAPPING, a fury of feathers. Chickens are dying. Kyle, creeped out, sees WHITE WISPS amid the chicken coop footage is jagged - freezing and skipping. He REWINDS the footage and freezes the frame. He sees what looks like a BLUR. Kyle is confused. He un-pauses the image. The footage plays. Kyle peers closer - Blue (11/30/17) 32.
18) 0) text: Kyle, holding the iPad, leads Tori down rickety wooden st
18) 2) dialog: It was a person.
18) 4) dialog: I saw something in the chicken coop. Wasn't a wolf. Wasn't an animal. It was a person.
18) 6) dialog: (apologetic, emotional) Babe, I think it may've been Benjamin. She looks at him askance -
18) 8) dialog: This is from the camera I put up. Blue (11/30/17) 33. She hears the audio - fluttering and tearing - but THE VI IS PIXILLATED, CORRUPTED.
18) 10) dialog: I don't know what's going on. There was someone. A hand. Tori slumps as he prattles on -
18) 11) dialog: This was our fear. All along. Abnormal shit. Truly out-there shit. Tori stares at him pitifully.
18) 12) dialog: You see what I'm saying, don't you?
18) 14) dialog: Doing what?
18) 16) dialog: That's... No. That's ridiculous.
18) 18) dialog: No, I haven't - (catching himself) Tori, that's not what this is about. She gives him a withering stare. Blue (11/30/17) 34.
18) 20) dialog: Shit.
20) 0) text: Hand-held. We're moving - quickly. Kyle, drenched by rain rushes down the hall, toward an administrative office - Past students glancing at him, gossiping in hushed tones. Past a young female sheriff's deputy, walkie squawking. He approaches the sound of PEOPLE YELLING. He rounds a corner and enters a - 37.
20) 7) dialog: Can someone take a breath and tell me where things stand?
21) 0) text: Raining outside - thunder GROANING. Tori changes out of h clothes. Kyle angrily removes his jacket -
21) 1) dialog: If I pulled shit like that, breaking a girl's hand? Goddamn. My daddy woulda beat my ass. Blue (11/30/17) 39.
21) 3) dialog: We're probably on the hook now for all her fucking medical bills -
21) 5) dialog: I care about my family!
21) 7) dialog: This is how I show it. By holding him accountable. Not by slathering him with love and telling him how damn exceptional he is.
21) 9) dialog: (derisively) Yeah, his behavior has been so miraculous lately.
21) 11) dialog: Tori, he may look like us, but he's not us. He's never bled, not once in his whole life. Never had a cut. Or a broken bone. Or a bruise. And now he's hurting people. Erica was right - there is something fucked up about him. Tori simmers. Upset. Then -
21) 14) dialog: Where?
21) 16) dialog: Why the fuck didn't you tell me?!
21) 18) dialog: You_don't get to make decisions like that for me! He grabs his jacket, starts to leave.
21) 20) dialog: Out. Don't wait up. He hobbles out of the room and down the stairs.
26) 0) text: Kyle plops a serving of mac 'n' cheese onto his plate. He uneasy, doesn't want to be here. Tori sits to one side of him at the dining room table. Benjamin on the other, hands folded, staring calmly. Everyone has food on their plates.
26) 1) dialog: (mutters ) Let's say grace. He reaches out to either side of him - Tori takes Kyle's but Benjamin keeps his hands folded.
26) 3) dialog: Sure.
26) 6) dialog: Thank you Lord for this bounty before us...
30) 0) text: Fun rock music plays. Kyle and Noah play pool with a coup friends, blue-collar dudes. They're mid-conversation -
30) 3) dialog: Not funny right now.
30) 5) dialog: He was suspended for a couple days. And I'm sure I'll hear from some lawyer soon, painting my son as a monster. Which - I don't even know anymore - maybe he is. The guys laugh good-naturedly.
35) 3) dialog: Sure you're okay?
39) 0) text: Tori and Kyle, keyed up, pace their kitchen. She's on her phone -
39) 2) dialog: (to Tori) Did he say anything to her at school?
39) 5) dialog: (too innocent) I didn't say anything.
39) 10) dialog: Is that where you been all this time?
39) 12) dialog: (not buying it) Royce asked you to play soccer?
39) 20) dialog: You believe that story?
39) 22) dialog: Which he knows you know, which is why he came up with that bullshit.
39) 24) dialog: I don't know what he was doing, I don't know who he is. That's the whole goddamn point. Kyle sinks into a chair, puts his head in his hands. He f like he's drowning, and Tori can't help him.
40) 0) text: Middle of the night. Tori asleep. Kyle lying next to her. can't sleep. He pops an OxyContin tablet and leans his head back, swallowing it. He hears a SLIGHT CREAK from the hallway floorboards. 68. Then the sound of MUFFLED ALIEN GIBBERISH.
40) 1) dialog: (whispers) Tori? You hear that? She rests peacefully. He gets out of bed. He saunters toward the bedroom door. Opens it. The hallway is dark. Empty. Kyle has trouble getting his bearings. He looks up. He sees BENJAMIN BENT OVER, CONTORTED, CRAWLING ON THE CEILING, HIS EYES ROLLED BACK IN HIS HEAD.
40) 2) dialog: Benjamin? BENJAMIN STARTS TO CRY. HE'S IN PAIN. Kyle reaches up to him -
40) 3) dialog: Come here. It's okay. Benjamin reaches down to his dad - AND GRIPS HIS FACE WITH HIS FINGERTIPS —
41) 0) text: MERILEE SOBS INTO TORI'S SHOULDER as they hold each other tight. Kyle puts a consoling hand on Tori and Merilee's backs. They're in a dim hallway. Linoleum floor. Gloomy lighting Tori - her face red from tears - whispers tenderly -
41) 5) dialog: He had, like, two beers. Maybe three, I wasn't counting.
41) 7) dialog: No one's even on those roads at night. Tori glares at him. Merilee sniffles.
41) 9) dialog: We haven't told him yet. Just said we had something urgent. Blue (11/30/17) 70.
42) 0) text: Milky first light of morning. Benjamin sits with Kyle and Tori. The two of them have been up all night. They're sol measured.
42) 2) dialog: He died last night.
42) 4) dialog: A car accident. Benjamin takes a deep breath. As if absorbing the news. K studies his reactions.
42) 10) dialog: So all that playing-soccer stuff was a lie.
42) 12) dialog: I gotta ask, Benjamin - what other things have you been lying about?
42) 15) dialog: Were you outside Caitlyn's bedroom before you broke her hand?
42) 17) dialog: Where were you on Wednesday night? The night Caitlyn's mom went missing?
42) 19) dialog: (to Benjamin) What happened to her?
42) 21) dialog: He's lying to our fucking faces!
42) 23) dialog: No - we're getting it all on the table! Right now!
42) 25) dialog: (to Benjamin) Did you hurt Noah? Did you hurt him? Kyle is starting to unravel. Benjamin stares at him. Kyle pins Benjamin against the wall. The lights in the ro start to FLICKER.
42) 27) dialog: (to Benjamin) What did you do? He was my friend! And you just fucking - Benjamin's voice comes out harsh - evil -
42) 36) dialog: Just... uh... I wanted to apologize. Blue (11/30/17) 15. Benjamin studies him.
42) 37) dialog: We've both had a lot going on lately. And I shouldn't have said the things I said. Benjamin nods slowly.
42) 39) dialog: Thank you. For understanding. Kyle tries to play casual, but he's nervous as hell. He m past Benjamin out of the room.
43) 0) text: Kyle has the blood- and paint-streaked shirt splayed out before Tori. The two of them talk low, hushed, but Kyle i disturbed, animated -—
43) 1) dialog: It's right there. Tori is at a loss.
43) 2) dialog: That's the shirt he was hiding from us last night! That's Noah's blood!
43) 4) dialog: I don't know. I don't know what I think.
43) 6) dialog: Babe... if we don't do something, more people will get hurt. (MORE )
43) 8) dialog: More people will die. You've got to be with me on this -
43) 10) dialog: (pointedly) He is not our son. He's some thing we found in the woods. Tori is full of spite for Kyle.
43) 12) dialog: For twelve fucking years I've understood him! (pointing to the bloody shirt) This is Benjamin! Right here! A monster! Tori starts to cry -
43) 14) dialog: (desperate) You know I tried and tried to love him.
43) 16) dialog: Please please - he's killing us - He reaches out to Tori, but she shuns him. She turns and walks out of the room. Kyle is desperate. Fraying. He collapses into his desk chair. Blue (11/30/17) 77. He opens the bottom desk drawer. Reaches behind some hanging files, deep in back. He pulls the bundled sock, removes the bottle of OxyContin, then s short. He notices, in the same desk drawer - A PILE OF ART PROJECTS made by Benjamin over the years. H sets down the OxyContin and lingers over them: A Father's Day card with crayon hearts and a school photo Benjamin, age 8. A ceramic dish with Benjamin's handprint, age 5. A popsicle-stick picture frame with a photo of the whole family and MOM, DAD, and BENJAMIN written in Magic Marker the sides. He's wracked with emotion. He fights back tears.
44) 0) text: Tori lies on her side, curled up in bed. She's lost ina stupor. Kyle climbs in bed next to her. He spoons her. She doesn' move.
44) 1) dialog: You okay? Tori shrugs. Gives him nothing.
44) 2) dialog: So I've been thinking... I was wrong. She takes this in.
44) 3) dialog: I shouldn't have accused Ben of any of that stuff. I know he has problems, yes, but I'm starting to think maybe I'm the biggest one. Tori nods. She starts to cry.
44) 4) dialog: I'm going to take him with me to the woods. (MORE )
44) 6) dialog: Let him use that rifle, teach him how to hunt, like my dad did with me. I want to work things out with him. Let him know I love him. Tori turns her body toward Kyle. She takes his hand in he
46) 0) text: Kyle wears an insulated jacket, packs up his truck. He lo pair of hunting rifles next to duffel bags and camping ge Benjamin hands him the tent -
46) 1) dialog: Thanks, man. He smiles, slides the tent into the back, slams the hatch Tori meets up with the guys. She zips up Benjamin's jacke
46) 10) dialog: It's a good hour and a half each way, so don't expect us before supper. Tori smiles warmly at Kyle.
49) 0) text: Kyle and Benjamin sit on a log by the parked pickup, eati sandwiches, their rifles in nylon sleeves nearby. Sunlight glitters through incandescent yellow and orange cottonwoods. TENSION MUSIC creeps in as the two guys - father and son side by side, eating, not looking or talking to each othe Kyle offers Benjamin a snack-size can of Pringles. He shakes his head no thanks. Kyle eats a Pringle instead. The two guys eat their lunches, staring off in the distan A feeling of dread hovering over them. 81.
52) 0) text: Kyle and Benjamin LURCH THROUGH THE WOODS holding their rifles. A low tangerine sun. Dead leaves CRACKLING under shoes. The guys venture deeper into the woods. Kyle's eyes darti exploring options, a coiled spring. As they get deeper into the forest, a CROW starts to squa 83. First one. Then another. Kyle looks up and sees more and more of them - dark splot in the trees -
52) 1) dialog: Something must've spooked those crows. Benjamin notices something. He scurries ahead. He crouches down before a slather of mud -
52) 3) dialog: 
54) 9) text: The crows go quiet. Benjamin - staggered but still on his feet - feels the ba his head. No wound. No blood. HE TURNS TOWARD KYLE. Kyle stands there. Frozen. Panic rising. He frantically ejects the shell from the rifle then digs his pocket.
54) 11) dialog: Oh God I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Kyle drops the rifle - turns - and RUNS AWAY AS FAST AS H LEG WILL ALLOW -— Through cottonwood trees. Willing himself forward. Faster Trying to put space between him and Benjamin. He's desperate. Prey. He feels a GUST - a kind of MOAN - blow past him. He chan direction, looks around, still running. 86. Trees whizzing by. He thinks he sees SOMETHING TO THE OTH SIDE OF HIM - a BLUR. He changes direction again. Huffing. Stumbling. Lungs bur Benjamin seems to be HERE - THERE - AHEAD OF HIM - BEHIND EVERYWHERE AND NOWHERE. Then BENJAMIN TACKLES KYLE TO THE GROUND. HARD. LIKE A SE HIT HIM.
56) 0) text: Benjamin is on top of a weak and wearied Kyle. Benjamin d the phone. He clutches his father's head with both hands. RAGE BUILD Veins and capillaries around Benjamin's temples swell. Hi eyes GLOW RED - SMOLDERING WITH IMPOSSIBLE HEAT.
56) 1) dialog: No - no!