8) 6) dialog: Top one-tenth of one percent. Everyone on the faculty has been talking about him.
8) 10) dialog: Go ‘head. Benjamin tears off the wrapping to reveal a REMINGTON BOL ACTION RIFLE.
15) 0) text: The school day is over. Benjamin is at the end of the wal in front of the school, apart from other kids, as he sits hunched over his notebook, wearing headphones and doodlin A ways back from him, Tori wears a Hy-Vee employee polo, with her sister Merilee, deep in conversation -
15) 2) dialog: For what? Talking back to his dad and keeping weird jerk-off material under his mattress?
15) 4) dialog: Uh - yeah, it's called puberty. Merilee laughs, but Tori is pensive. She wants to say mor
15) 5) dialog: Look, Benjamin is highly gifted. Kids like him are often anxious, depressed, they may have problems integrating socially. What appears troubling to you is actually normal for his age. He'll grow out of it.
15) 7) dialog: Sorry, I'm late for my 3 o'clock.
29) 0) text: A smallish office space - inspirational posters, painted cinderblock walls. Benjamin's aunt Merilee sits in a chai notepad on her lap. Benjamin sits across from her on a small couch.
29) 1) dialog: So Benjamin - this is your first day back since the incident... As she talks he takes in knick-knacks and photos on her d a frame photo of Noah; Merilee with her arm around Tori; Merilee with Noah in some tropical location holding cockt She's in a bikini top and a sarong.
29) 2) dialog: I wanted to talk to you about how you're adjusting. How you're feeling, how your classes are going. Benjamin stares at the photo of Merilee on vacation, tann and nubile.
29) 3) dialog: Benjamin? Benjamin turns to Merilee. He looks at her an uncomfortab long time. Then -
29) 5) dialog: For what?
29) 7) dialog: Benjamin... I enjoy being with you. Benjamin forward. Benjamin Benjamin 53.
29) 9) dialog: No - I really do! looks down. Merilee sets her notepad aside. She leans
29) 10) dialog: Look - Benjamin - I know you haven't had the easiest time making friends. But I think you're worth getting to know. scrunches his face.
29) 11) dialog: Remember that time we went to Worlds of Fun, and everyone else was too chicken to ride the Mamba, so you and I went on it over and over? enjoys the memory.
29) 12) dialog: You were a blast! She leans in closer to him - conspiratorial -
29) 13) dialog: And you know what I say to the people who don't want to be around you? She squeezes his hand and whispers - Benjamin
29) 14) dialog: Eff ‘em. smiles. Merilee reaches for her notebook.
29) 15) dialog: Okay, back to business. How are your classes going?
29) 17) dialog: If you find yourself falling behind in any of your schoolwork, please know my door is always open... As she speaks, Benjamin stares at her. STUDYING HER. TRAC HER WITH HIS EYES.
31) 0) text: A simple Midwestern home. Spotify plays oldies music. Merilee, wearing only an oversized t-shirt that goes down her mid-thigh, has a laundry basket tucked under her arm. FOLLOW HER IN A HAND-HELD ONER as -— She enters a bathroom, gathers some bath towels and throw them in the laundry basket. She walks with the basket down a hallway. The music reced bit. She enters her dark bedroom - Past a window. Outside we see THE FAINT OUTLINE OF A FACE A PAIR OF GLOWING EYES - LUMINESCENT RED - WATCHING HER. Merilee walks right past the window, turns on a lamp on t night table. Now all we can see is her reflection in the glass. She gathers more clothes from the laundry hamper. Then re under her t-shirt, removes her bra, and throws it in the laundry. She turns off the lamp and passes the window. The figure outside is gone. Merilee exits the room and heads downstairs. The music plays. Merilee stops by a side table, picks up glass of red wine, and drinks. Then, above her - 56. A SLIGHT CREAK. Merilee stops drinking. She hears more CREAKS. Across the length of the roof abov living room. Are those... footsteps? Merilee is suddenly alert. Uneasy. She sets down the wineglass. She goes to the front door - opens - and steps outside -
32) 0) text: The house is off a lonely rural road. Crickets rattling. Merilee slowly backs her way down her front driveway to g better angle on the roof. She stands on her tiptoes, trying to see if anyone is up there. She backs up further -
32) 2) dialog: Benjamin! What are you doing here?
32) 5) dialog: How'd you get here?
32) 7) dialog: Five miles?
32) 9) dialog: No, I'll call your mom, have her pick you up.
32) 11) dialog: Okay, well. Noah's out and I'm in no shape to drive, so... Why don't you just come on in? Merilee heads back toward her front door. Benjamin follow her.
34) 0) text: Benjamin stands in an open kitchen - out of Merilee's eyesight - pouring himself a glass of water. A mellow ste guitar country song plays in the other room.
34) 1) dialog: Ice cubes are in the bottom freezer! Benjamin fills up her glass with red wine. He then takes Ziploc bag that contains FOUR PINK PILLS - Kyle's OxyCont 58. He squeezes the bag, powdering the pills between his fing then DUMPS THEM INTO THE GLASS OF WINE.
36) 0) text: Benjamin carries both the glass of water and wine into th other room. Merilee sits on a cushy sofa.
36) 1) dialog: Benjamin.
36) 3) dialog: I didn't ask for another glass of wine.
36) 5) dialog: Don't. It's fine. She takes a drink. Benjamin sits across from her. 59.
36) 8) dialog: Benjamin!
36) 10) dialog: Of course it is.
36) 12) dialog: I'm ready for kids. Noah, not so much. I stopped taking the pill a few months ago, just to see. (catching herself) Oh my God, listen to me. You're twelve! Merilee really feeling woozy now. Benjamin stares at her. grows introspective. A little sad.
36) 13) dialog: Noah says things are going so good now - why risk messing that up with a child?
36) 15) dialog: Get back to me in ten years, see if you still feel that way. Merilee leans her head back. She looks up at the ceiling. The music becomes MUFFLED, DREAMY, DROPS OUT... She mutters something unintelligible then drifts off. 60. Benjamin sits across from her, staring at her as she lies there passed out. Several moments pass. He reaches down to his backpack, unzips it. He pulls out red mask with the mouth and eye holes. He puts it over his head. He stares at Merilee.
37) 6) text: Eyes closed, Merilee mumbles distantly. He's concerned. He stands, turns, and SEES BENJAMIN BEHIND HIM. He FLINCH
41) 0) text: MERILEE SOBS INTO TORI'S SHOULDER as they hold each other tight. Kyle puts a consoling hand on Tori and Merilee's backs. They're in a dim hallway. Linoleum floor. Gloomy lighting Tori - her face red from tears - whispers tenderly -
41) 2) dialog: They won't even let me see him. They said he's all - She flutters her hands, indicating Noah is a mess.
41) 4) dialog: He was on Route 18. They think he hit a deer or a cow or something. They're gonna do a toxicology whatever to see if he was, you know, impaired. Tori looks to Kyle, almost accusingly.
41) 8) dialog: How's Benjamin?
41) 10) dialog: So he got home okay? Tori nods yes.
41) 11) dialog: I'm sorry, it's a blur. I don't remember when he left exactly. Tori is confused.
41) 13) dialog: He came over. He wanted help with his homework. A FEELING OF DREAD wells up in Tori and Kyle.
58) 2) dialog: Here. I was able to get you this. She hands him the water. He drinks it.
58) 3) dialog: And I talked to one of the officials. They said you can go if you'd like. Benjamin looks up at her. His face passive. She gazes down at him with sympathy. She has trouble keep it together.
58) 4) dialog: Oh Benjamin, I'm so sorry. She starts to weep.
58) 5) dialog: All those people... your parents... dead. It's too much. He nods.
58) 6) dialog: I'm just grateful you're okay.
58) 8) dialog: Come on — She helps him to his feet.
58) 9) dialog: You'll stay with me until we figure things out. The two of them walk away from the EMT vehicle. Benjamin reaches out and takes Merilee's hand. She clutches it. Merilee looks ahead. She doesn't see the faint SMILE cree across Benjamin's face. 101. They walk past the wreckage, leaving the tragic scene. The camera stays on the crash. It DOLLIES IN on the ruptured side of the airplane. There, seared into the wreckage is the STRANGE 'B' INSIGN BLACK.