8) 4) dialog: Was it punishment for something? Bad grades?
8) 9) dialog: Well, a boy that special deserves a special gift. This is from me and your Aunt Merilee. He hands Benjamin a long wrapped gift. Merilee
8) 11) dialog: Shot my first buck with that very same model.
30) 0) text: Fun rock music plays. Kyle and Noah play pool with a coup friends, blue-collar dudes. They're mid-conversation -
30) 1) dialog: Yeah, my buddy told me the whole joint was just wrecked, and Erica was gone. It's been over twenty- four hours. MALIK - a forty-something buddy - jokes -
30) 10) dialog: This guy needs another beer! But Kyle isn't placated. He's lost in thought.
35) 2) dialog: (tipsy) Naw man - I don't get home soon Merilee's gonna kill me. Kyle intercepts Noah as he puts on his jacket.
35) 4) dialog: (shrugging him off) It's just a few miles down the road. Kyle nods. Noah zips up his jacket.
37) 0) text: Noah walks from his truck - a flatbed with a fiberglass t cap - toward his front door. He inserts his key, opens the door, and enters -
37) 2) dialog: Mare? No answer. Noah turns off the music. The place now DEAD QUIET. Noah makes his way upstairs. He heads down the hallway. The bedroom door is shut. He turns the door knob. The door squeaks open. 61.
37) 4) dialog: Honey Bear? She's not responsive. He turns on a bedside lamp.
37) 7) dialog: Jesus! (shaken, pissed) What the fuck? Noah rips off the mask. Benjamin calmly looks back at him
37) 8) dialog: What are you doing here?
37) 10) dialog: No - here. In my house. With that stupid goddamn mask.
37) 12) dialog: Let's go. Noah drags him out of the room. Down the stairs. Into - 62.
37) 14) dialog: I'm very disappointed, Benjamin. Very disappointed.
38) 2) dialog: You're lucky if that's all I do. Noah opens up the passenger door for Benjamin to get in. door ajar CHIMES. Noah strides toward the driver's side - He notices a light over the garage door FLICKER and BUZZ, shrugs it off, starts to climb behind the wheel. He sees Benjamin is still outside. He storms back over toward the passenger side -
38) 3) dialog: Goddamn it, Benjamin! Benjamin stands next to the truck, holding the mask in hi hands.
38) 5) dialog: Get in the truck! He throws his weight into Benjamin. Benjamin makes a move
38) 9) text: Noah falls in a heap. He gathers himself to his knees. Wheezing. Coughing up blood onto the asphalt. He looks back at Benjamin, who stands there, unmoved. The car door continues to chime.
38) 12) dialog: No. No no no. Noah quivers with fear. Through the flickering headlights sees Benjamin -
38) 14) text: HIS MASKED FACE ALMOST ON HIM -— NOAH SCREAMS AS -—
38) 19) dialog: What... are you? Benjamin says nothing. Just stares at Noah, scrutinizing Noah chokes out a plea - barely audible -
38) 20) dialog: Help me. Benjamin watches, impassive. He reaches out with his fing and INSERTS IT INTO THE OPEN GASH IN NOAH'S NECK. Noah tries to say something but can't. He stops breathing. His eyes glass over. He's dead. Benjamin studies the pearly crimson splotch on his finger almost fascinated.
45) 0) text: Deever sits at his desk with a cup of coffee, binders and files open on his desk. He studies the crash report for Noah. He sifts past EDR data, tire mark analyses, GRISLY CRASH PHOTOS, NOAH'S TRAUMATIC WOUNDS, HIS DEAD BODY. He finds a long shot of the crushed car. He sees a small blurry detail in the photo. We can't make it out, but he's taken aback. Holy shit.
47) 0) text: Deever strides onto the stretch of highway where Noah die his squad car parked on the shoulder. There are still bits of debris in the road. Nearby, a sad roadside memorial - unlit votive candles, handwritten not flowers in cellophane. Deever comes to the middle of the road. 80. He looks down. There, scrawled on the asphalt, is the SAME DISTINCTIVE ' INSIGNIA he saw back at the fast food place. THIS TIME IN BLOOD.