25) 0) text: LAVELLE enters, followed by STANTON. A young man buckling up his jeans descends the stairs. This is LEO MACARTHUR.
25) 1) dialog: (talking like Leo Gorcey from The Dead End Kids) Hey, Fada! Whaddaya hear, whaddaya say!
25) 4) dialog: You checking out my ass, Fada?
25) 11) dialog: Your life is an open book, Gerry. Like your ass. Flanagan & Allen’s “Run, Rabbit, Run” begins to play. LEO dances as if he were a little rabbit. STANTON laughs.
25) 15) dialog: You look worried, Fada. My advice? Take it on the lamaster. You don’t wanna drop in for the phonus-bolonus and wind up with a sock in the kisser. Get me? LAVELLE looks blankly at LEO.
25) 17) dialog: Maybe I can cheer up the old sour- puss. I’1l show ya a good time, Fada. Good Time Leo, that’s me! Although it'll be extra if I let ya wear the cassock. I know what, you holy-rollers are like when ya get goin’! Hell’s bells! LAVELLE looks blankly at LEO. LEO and STANTON look at eac other and laugh. LEO grabs his leather jacket.
25) 18) dialog: I’m oudda heah! He tap-dances out the door.
59) 0) text: CLOSE on a rack of pool balls being split. LEO MACARTHUR, practising on his own, chalks his cue as h considers his next shot. Looks up -- LAVELLE is leaning against a wall, whiskey in hand.
59) 1) dialog: Hey Fada! Whaddaya hear, whaddaya say!
59) 3) dialog: I got a lotta clients in this town, Fada. From the hoi polloi to the masses of society. I gotta keep my ass lubricated at all times.
59) 5) dialog: That may be so, Fada. I didn’t get no education, see. I was getting fucked in the ass and fucked in the face all the live-long day. There wasn’t no time for any 0’ dat dere book-learnin’. I was sucking the prick of a bishop in his bishopric on a regular basis, ya get me? How d’ya like that play on words, smartass? (CONTINUED)
59) 9) dialog: You're starting to sound a little screwy, now, Fada. Maybe ya need to see a headshrinker yerself--
59) 11) dialog: There’s nothing wrong with me, my friend, I’m feelin’ fine. He smacks in a ball. INT. LYNCH’S BAR - NIGHT 83 LAVELLE at a table, brooding over a Guinness with a whiskey chaser. HARTE mooches over.
83) 0) text: LEO sitting naked at the edge of a bed. Thinking. A crucifix on a chain around his neck. A MAN’s form glimpse under the bedclothes.