37) 0) text: LAURENT ROBERT lies dying, his face and body bandaged, tubes sticking out of him. TERESA, his wife, holding his hand, her mascara wet around her eyes. LAVELLE looks at them both. DISSOLVE through CLOSE-UPS of LAVELLE, TERESA, LAURENT.
37) 2) dialog: amen. DISSOLVE through CLOSE-UPS of LAVELLE’s fingers, the oil, and LAURENT’s hands, as the anointing of the hands takes place.
37) 4) dialog: amen.
38) 0) text: CLOSE on the face of Christ. A stained-glass window. The faces of LAVELLE and TERESA.
38) 1) dialog: Have you performed the Last Rites many times?
38) 4) dialog: It is easier?
38) 6) dialog: Unfair.
38) 8) dialog: They lose their faith? It must not have been much of a faith to begin with, if it is so easy for them to lose it.
38) 10) dialog: (after a pause) When we are children we are told to say our prayers. Our parents tell us, our teachers. Then we grow up and we think people who say their prayers are stupid. They’re ridiculous. Unless we want money, of course, or a good job, or we have a child who is sick, or a lover who is dying Then we are allowed to pray again. Then it is okay.
38) 12) dialog: Yes, the prayer must be answered. And if the prayer is not answered then there is no God and it is all a lie. If God does not pay attention to us, because we are so important, then God does not exist.
38) 17) dialog: Yes, he was a good man. We had a very good life together. We loved each other very much. And now he has gone. That is not unfair, that is just what happened. But many people do not live good lives, and they do not feel love. That is what is unfair. I feel sorry for them.
38) 19) dialog: Yes.
65) 1) dialog: Father. LAVELLE turns to find TERESA ROBERT standing next to him. She glances at his clothes, his cut lip.
65) 3) dialog: You are going to Dublin?
65) 5) dialog: I heard about your church. A terrible thing. (CONTINUED)
65) 9) dialog: You must be very upset.
65) 11) dialog: I am bringing him home to his family in Italy. Dublin and then Rome.
65) 13) dialog: People here have been very kind.
65) 15) dialog: Some times I think I cannot go on. (turning to look at him) But I will go on.
66) 0) text: PASSENGERS climb the steps of the airplane, LAVELLE and TERESA among them. LAVELLE pauses at the top, waiting his turn to enter the plane. He looks down -- LAVELLE’s POV -- the coffin has not yet been loaded. The TWO BAGGAGE HANDLERS are leaning against it. They laugh.
86) 0) text: TERESA ROBERT in business-class, looking out a window. Vodka-and-tonic in front of her. She blesses herself.