1) 94) dialog: The tail fin is concave, not convex. The proton reactor is where the influx thermistors should be and.. my god... is this Testor’s blue green number six on the hull? (drops the model roughly) I... I... This is a complete abortion. With curious glances to this similarly uniformed group, t PECULIAR FANS move past, then come to a halt as they spot JASON, up on a raised platform at the front of the hall s autographs for a long line of fans. The peculiar fans stare at Jason as iff they were in the of God. They exchange astonished smiles and one of them e grows misty. Then they start toward him...
1) 108) dialog: Mr. Kwan? In episode nineteen, when the reactor fused, you used an element from Leopold Six to fix the thrusters. What was that called?
1) 110) dialog: The blue sheath it was encased in- ?
1) 131) dialog: Captain, please settle a dispute that my crew and I are having. In “The Quasar Dilemma”, the Sentient had taken control of the ship’s guidance systems, however- Jason stands, his attention still on Gwen.
1) 133) dialog: I hadn’t even gotten to the relevant conundrum...
1) 158) dialog: Captain, as I was saying... In “The Quasar Dilemma”, the Sentient had taken control of your ship’s systems, and you used the auxiliary of deck b to gain control. But the CD ROMS of the ship guidance systems indicate that the auxiliary of deck b is not tied to the main power grid, so we were wondering then where the error lies.
1) 160) dialog: Excuse me?
1) 162) dialog: Yes but, we were wondering- 16.
9) 0) text: Gwen, Alexander, Tommy, Dusty and Guy are in their GALAXY uniforms, performing a lame routine for the computer stor opening. A small crowd is gathered, including Brandon and gang, inspecting a mock up of the PROTECTOR.
9) 38) dialog: (at attention) Captain!... My apologies. Brandon is nudged by his friend KYLE.
9) 39) dialog: Captain... Evidently we had some miscommunication regarding yesterday’s scheduled voyage, and-
9) 42) dialog: (hiding his disappointment) He probably... Has some very important business to attend to... The others want to believe that too.
58) 0) text: The room of our #1 GALAXY QUEST fan, BRANDON. The fourtee old sits at his computer, in uniform, gluing a tiny piece plastic to his model of the Protector. A knock on the doo his mother enters. BRANDON’S MOM Brandon?
58) 1) dialog: Mother, I’m quite busy as you can see. The “C” rings on my booster unit came broken _in the mail. BRANDON’S MOM I’m sorry. I made rice crispy squares.
58) 2) dialog: Mother, I'm very busy. Well, maybe one. Thank you. She exits. Brandon looks at his model with a sigh. Sudden hears a familiar TONE. He cocks his head and turns to... THE INTERSTELLAR VOX sitting on his table. He starts to t away, but it BEEPS again. Slowly he reaches out, takes it hand and flips the switch. We hear Jason's voice.
58) 4) dialog: «+ -Hello?
59) 2) dialog: .--Yes?
59) 4) dialog: Oh... Oh, I see. Oh.
59) 6) dialog: Brandon.
59) 8) dialog: Yes, I know, and I want you to know I thought about what you said... I know you meant it constructively but...
59) 10) dialog: ++-But I want you to know that I am not a complete braincase, okay? I understand completely that it’s just a TV show. There is no ship, there is no Carbonite Sphere, no molecular conveyor... I mean, obviously it’s all just a-
59) 12) dialog: (no hesitation) I knew it!... I KNEW it!...
59) 14) dialog: Yes sir. How can I be of service, sir?
63) 0) text: Gwen and Jason enter the dark room full of old esoteric m in storage. Jason speaks to Brandon on his Vox.
63) 2) dialog: Okay, there’s a hatch on the port wall. It leads to a system of utility corridors through the bowels of the ship.
64) 4) dialog: Okay, you can go on in... I'm going to get Kyle. He knows the utility tunnel system better than anybody alive. INT. BRANDON’S BEDROOM - CONCURRENT Brandon punches some keys and Kyle pops up in a little CU window on the computer.
64) 6) dialog: No time for pleasantries, Kyle. We have a level five emergency. The Captain needs us to get him to the core and shut it down before it overloads.
64) 8) dialog: You've got the utility systems walkthrough, right?
64) 10) dialog: We'd better get everybody online. And Kyle, Stop downloading porn. Your frame rate is unacceptable. KYLE’S ROOM - CONCURRENT An obviously faked nude picture of Gwen as Tawny Madison slowly onto his screen.
66) 1) dialog: Okay, now left at the next turn... You should see the crystalline oxygen units. Make a right there. Then go through the antimatter vent...
66) 3) dialog: Now make a right, you’1ll see a doorway that opens on the central manufacturing facility. The bowels of the ship. Gwen and Jason turn right and their eyes widen.
67) 1) dialog: Captain, do you have a camera? I'd die to see this in person... All they showed on TV was a machine here, and a wall here... I don’t know why they didn’t show the whole thing.
67) 3) dialog: Okay, so do you see a door marked “CORE UNIT?” Should be down at the far end to your left. On the other side of the room, down a circuitous path thr dangerous gauntlet of machinery and lava Jason spots such
67) 5) dialog: Okay, that's where you want to be. Gwen and Jason look at each other, then... Giggle nervous just so impossible. 89.
70) 4) dialog: High five, Katelyn. He and the others hi-five, slapping their computer screen
71) 2) dialog: Yes Captain?
71) 4) dialog: Well, that’s the big the question, isn’t it?
71) 6) dialog: It’s been the subject of an extremely heated debate on the internet for years. Many believe that is a matter collapser, a bomb capable of destroying all mattér in the universe in a chain reaction lasting 13 seconds.
71) 8) dialog: No, I am of the firm belief that in reality it is not a matter killer, but a matter REARRANGER, converting all molecules to the exact state they existed thirteen seconds previous to activation thus effecting a thirteen second time jump to the past.
71) 10) dialog: My cousin's boyfriend’s sister went out with the screenwriter. His favorite movie is The Omegaman. He’s seen it 13 times... 92.
71) 14) dialog: Thank you, Katelyn. Excellent.
71) 17) dialog: 
71) 18) dialog: Yes Captain... All right, you’re almost there. Just go through the chompers and over the pit.
71) 22) dialog: Hollister, do you have the sequence yet? 93. INT. HOLLISTER’S ROOM Another one of Brandon's pals, HOLLISTER, watches a tape show, fast viewing one sequence backwards and forwards ov over; ON THE TV, we see the cheap painted cardboard version of crushers. A cheap looking fish headed ALIEN MONSTER chase through the crusher but is toppled by one of crushers and into the fake looking lava pit. Hollister times the pattern of the crushers with a stopwa
71) 24) dialog: You're sure they repeat like that? It’s sort of extremely important. Cut from the cardboard props to the REAL THING.
71) 31) dialog: Captain, you and Lt. Madison will have to go through the crushers one at a time in three second intervals. Tell me when the first crusher hits the bottom...
71) 33) dialog: Wait two seconds then go. Another BLAST from Sarris’ men weakens the catwalk behind 94.
71) 35) dialog: Lt. Madison, GO.
71) 37) dialog: GO Captain. Jason and Gwen run through the CHOMPERS. It is a series o ESCAPES, timed just a FRACTION late, so at one point Gwen all her strength to pull a SLEEVE caught in the works bef second hammer comes down where her body was a moment befo DIVES through a quickly diminishing hole, his DISRUPTER P falling behind him, quickly SMASHED to oblivion by a clos
71) 38) dialog: Stop. Jason stops, catching Gwen’s leg just as... A HAMMER SMAS in front of her, barely missing her head.
71) 39) dialog: Go. They’re off again.
71) 40) dialog: Up.
71) 42) dialog: Berithium lava coming through. Use the handholds above you. Here comes the lava down a chute ahead of them. Jason pul up just as the lava comes through, sizzling the tips of h hanging hair.
71) 46) dialog: I don’t know. This part of the ship is completely undocumented.
76) 2) dialog: Oh, good, you should be at the blast tunnel. Use the computer to open the blast sections in sequence.
77) 4) dialog: Okay, raise the glass and push the blue button. 99.
77) 6) dialog: Yeah. What's wrong?
88) 48) dialog: Bye! Back soon!
88) 50) dialog: (fast, in one breath) The Protector got super accelerated coming out of the black hole and they’re trying to slow it down but it just hit the atmosphere at Mark 15 which is pretty unstable of course so we're going to ze down to 3rd street and help Laredo guide it in with roman candles...