1) 27) dialog: Well, there you are! You are the first people to see the lost GALAXY QUEST episode 53 two parter since it was originally aired in ‘82! (the fans cheer) As most of you know, no concluding episode was filmed when the series was cancelled, so the episode was never included in the syndication run. Let’s hear it for Travis Latke, who actually rescued the footage from the studio garbage. They were going to throw it out! Can you believe that? (Latke stands, fans cheer) Now for the moment you’ve all been waiting for... The intrepid crew of the USEA PROTECTOR! The audience cheers, but a STAGEHAND in the wings signals to “stretch.”
1) 28) dialog: But first... What is a “hero”? Let’s take a look at a few more clips... The audience groans, impatient.
1) 33) text: You guys hear he scheduled a fan appearance without us?
1) 57) dialog: ..-Sure, the rocks looked like paper mache, and the sets moved when anyone bumped into them... But we didn’t care... FILM CLIPS are projected behind him: On an alien planet CAPTAIN carries the LIMP BODY OF HIS ADVISOR, LAZARUS, ra erupting around him... On the command deck the crew fight battle with crack precision TEAMWORK....
1) 58) dialog: ..-For those four seasons from ‘79 to ‘82 we the viewers developed the same affection for the crew of the USEA PROTECTOR that the crew had for each other... These weren't just adventurers exploring space, these were friends...
1) 69) dialog: Ship's Tech Sergeant Chen... Dusty Kwan! Dusty strolls out with a casual wave.
1) 76) dialog: The beautiful shipmate Tawny Madison... GWEN
1) 87) dialog: And finally, my fellow Questarians, the brave Captain of the USEA PROTECTOR... Peter Quincy Taggart ... JASON NESMITH. Jason appears and a SPOTLIGHT follows him on.
1) 100) dialog: Hi everybody.
1) 102) dialog: Guy... You probably don’t remember me, do you? (they stare at him blankly) I was on the show in ‘79. Episode 12? Got killed by the lava monster before the first commercial? “Crewman #6?” The actors pretend that they remember him. “oh, right! Gu
1) 103) dialog: Listen, I was wondering, would you guys mind if I sit in today? See if anybody’s interested in an autograph? I mean, who knows...
1) 116) dialog: Episode 12. (gets no reaction) Killed by the lava monster?..
1) 153) dialog: You're right. What a FREAK SHOW. This is fricking HILARIOUS.
1) 154) dialog: Yeah, what a bunch of losers. And those poor actors. They’ve done, like, WHAT for twenty years? I think Dusty Kwan did a dog food commercial... Sad.
1) 155) dialog: Did you hear Nesmith up there? That’s the saddest. I think he actually gets off on these nerds thinking he’s space captain. It’s pathetic. And his friends...
1) 156) dialog: ...they HATE him. I know, did you hear them ragging on him? “Loyalty...to center stage.”
1) 157) dialog: He has no idea that he’s a laughingstock... Even to his buddies. They exit, their laughter ringing in Jason’s ears. CONVENTION FLOOR - JASON’S TABLE Jason is back at his table signing autographs in a foul m scribbles his name irritably, avoiding contact with the f BRANDON and his group of nerds approach hin.
9) 0) text: Gwen, Alexander, Tommy, Dusty and Guy are in their GALAXY uniforms, performing a lame routine for the computer stor opening. A small crowd is gathered, including Brandon and gang, inspecting a mock up of the PROTECTOR.
10) 0) text: TOMMY and GUY walk up to the front door calling for Alex.
10) 3) dialog: What the hell is THAT thing? The POD GENERATOR glows on the patio... INT. DUSTY’S APARTMENT Pan up from BARE LEGS dripping WATER on the carpet to Dus in a bathrobe straight from the shower. He gazes curiousl GLOWING DISK sitting in the middle of his living room.... then looks up to see layers of perfectly round holes burn through five levels of his apartment building through to sky... He scratches his chin, thoughtfully, in his calm unflappable way.
12) 0) text: Jason leads Gwen, Alexander, Tommy, Guy and Dusty down th They shuffle forward like recent hospital releasees, look around silent and dumbfounded at their surroundings (ever Dusty, who takes everything in stride.) They shake their little as they walk.
12) 13) dialog: It’s... incredible.
13) 0) text: A CLEAR TRANSPORT tube runs from the docking structure to ship. Inside everyone can get a good look at the space pa as they approach the ship. The view is breathtaking. Guy So you people don’t actually... Look the way you look... Right?
17) 0) text: Jason and Gwen turn a corner and join up with Tommy, Alex Guy. They keep walking toward the command deck.
17) 3) dialog: That should be something to see...
20) 0) text: Everyone watches the forward monitor. Tommy turns the NAV DIAL slowly. Guy whispers to him...
20) 1) dialog: More to the left... Stay parallel...
26) 11) dialog: The Omega 13... Why does that sound so familiar?...
27) 4) dialog: Listen, I’m not even supposed to BE here. I’m just Crewman #6. I’m expendable. I’m the guy in the episode who dies to prove that the situation is serious! I’m leaving NOW.
28) 19) dialog: Okay.
28) 27) dialog: Guys... Red thingy moving toward the green thingy. Red thingy moving toward the green thingy!
28) 29) dialog: I think we’re the green thingy.
33) 6) dialog: fe didn’t have one on the show, so they don’t ere.
35) 0) text: Jason, Gwen, Tommy and Guy enter the small surface pod. Q Alexander's protege, steps forward, hands Alex a device.
36) 0) text: Tommy pilots the craft. Out the window the pod approaches planet. It’s an amazing sight, a blue sky with red clouds suns hang in the horizon. Guy looks out the window nervou
36) 1) dialog: I changed my mind. I want to go back.
36) 4) dialog: Oh, I'm not? I’m not? Then what’s my last name? 53.
36) 7) dialog: No. Nobody does. Do you know WHY? Because my character isn’t IMPORTANT enough for a last name. Because I’m going to DIE five minutes in, why bother to come up with a last name for me?
36) 9) dialog: De I? DOI? For all you know I’m just “CREWMAN
39) 2) dialog: You had it upside-down, didn’t you?
41) 0) text: They move up a moderate grade as the rain abates. Soft ea squishes under their boots. Guy locks down to see tiny BU beginning to peek up through the dirt, growing like time photography. He bends over and reaches out to touch one b opens its petals revealing... rows tiny little TEETH. And it THRUSTS forward and CHOMPS down on Guy’s finger. Guy Y trying to withdraw his finger, but it’s got a good grip.
41) 1) dialog: 
44) 4) dialog: You never watched the show at all, did you? Suddenly they hear a sound from the darkness, a strange s half human, half animal.
44) 5) dialog: That’s it. That's what’s going to kill me.
44) 11) dialog: C'mon, let's go...
44) 13) dialog: Of course they’re cufe now. But in a second they’re going get ugly and mean somehow and then when we turn around there’s going to be a million more of them... Gwen and Tommy make baby talk sounds to them. They make b sounds back..
44) 14) dialog: Jesus, didn’t ANY of you guys watch the show?! Gwen smiles. The aliens smile back, imitating her... But hideous sight: Their lips curl three times wider across t faces than normal and their mouths reveal HUGE SHARP teet then notice that one of them is holding a RAGGED SEVERED has blood in his teeth. The actors hear more SKITTERING b them and turn slowly to see DOZENS of ALIEN DEMON CHILDRE appearing on the ridge.
44) 15) dialog: I am so sick of being right! The demon children begin coming down the hillside in WAVE
49) 0) text: Gwen, Alexander, Dusty, Tommy, Guy and the technician Teb the hallway. Buffing, Alexander turns to Gwen.
52) 9) dialog: Go for the eyes. Like in episode 22 with the Var-Dragon... Or episode 46 with the-
52) 11) dialog: The throat, the mouth... Its vulnerable spots.
69) 0) text: Dusty and Guy continue to watch Sarris’ men, still surrou main valve.
69) 2) dialog: Listen, I’1l go in, create a distraction. I have this... (holds up the gun) I may be able to hold them back long enough for the aliens to escape.
69) 4) dialog: I’m just a glorified extra, Dusty. I’m a dead man anyway. If I’m going to die, I’d rather go out a hero than a coward.
72) 0) text: Dusty and Guy are now in the Molecular Conveyor room. Ver compared to the mayhem in the bowels of the ship... Guy l at the panel with great anticipation, then up at Dusty wi nervous smile. Dusty gingerly takes hold of the molecular controls.
72) 1) dialog: This should be interesting... ON THE MOLECULAR CONVEYOR DISPLAY: We see crosshairs targ object... The vague outline is that of a man, but blocky misshapen... We recognize it as THE ROCK MONSTER... Dusty
74) 0) text: The room is now emptied of Sarris’ men. Guy and Dusty ent move to the large valve, straining to turn it. Slowly, th pressure normalizes.
77) 37) dialog: I think he found out. Alexander signals the door up ahead to open and they run
77) 42) dialog: Plasma armor engaged. Just in time. The ship is rocked, but not destroyed.
80) 4) text: “(he smiles, realizes what Jason has in mind) Yes sir. I can try. 7 Gwen turns to Guy.
81) 3) dialog: Yes sir. INT. SARRIS’ SHIP - THE FALCON 1 Sarris sees the Protector swing on its axis, now flying b and AIMING STRAIGHT TOWARD HIM. A horrifying sight. Sarri widen.
88) 28) dialog: We're alive!
89) 2) text: The beautiful Tawny Madison... GWEN DEMARCO with Ship’s Tech Sergeant Chen, Dusty Kwan! The fans applaud cheer and shout... Then Guy stumbles out on his head, looking disoriented. He looks out at the che fans... The announcer isn’t sure who he is..
89) 4) dialog: I‘m alive... I'm-... I’m the plucky comic relief! I’m the plucky comic relief! His maniacal laughter is drowned out by the applause. The everyone's attention turns to... A FLICKERING CREATURE coming down the ramp with Alexander him. It is BETZALAR, his “appearance generator” on the bl his entire body alternating ‘tween his human and alien fo