16) 0) text: Alex's young escort, QUELLEK, leads him down the hall.
16) 1) dialog: Dr. Lazarus... I hope that I’m not breaching protocol but.. I am so very humbled to stand in your presence... I have studied your missions extensively... Though I am Thermian, I have lived my life by your philosophy, by the code of the Mak’tar.
16) 3) dialog: (emotional) By Grabthar’s Hammer, Dr. Lazarus, I-
16) 5) dialog: (bewildered) - I‘m sorry, sir, I was only-
16) 7) dialog: +-..Yes sir. (they come to a stop) Your quarters sir. INT. ALEX’S QUARTERS Quellek opens the door and they enter. The room is a grey completely barren.
16) 9) dialog: Yes sir. Marvelous, isn’t it? Completely distractionless.
16) 11) dialog: Just as on your home planet, sir. If I may say, it took me three years to master the spikes, but now I sleep with a peace I never thought possible... Alexander points to a door.
16) 13) dialog: Yes sir... (Alex moves to the door) The use of your waste facilities were strangely absent from the historical records, so we had to extrapolate purely on the basis of your anatomy. INT. ALEX’S BATHROOM They enter. Alex looks down at a thing that looks more li torture device than a toilet, with elaborate tubes and st and plugs going everywhere.
16) 14) dialog: You're quite complicated, sir. Alex stares at the thing, despairingly. INT. TOMMY’S QUARTERS Tommy’s escort SED hands over various weapons to grinning
35) 1) dialog: Dr. Lazarus, here is your surface mapper. I have programed it to the coordinates of a Carbonite Sphere of sufficient density.
35) 3) dialog: (emotional) Good luck on your mission, Sir. By Grabthar’s Hammer, by the Suns of Warvan I wish you-
35) 5) dialog: Right... Sorry, sir.
62) 0) text: Alexander makes his way down the hall stealthily, avoidin guards. He stops as he hears a NOISE from a utility compa his side. Steeling his nerve, he reaches out to turn the preparing for whatever is inside... He opens the door suddenly and a FIGURE jumps out. Both o assume defensive stances, then Alexander recognizes him a QUELLEK, his young protégé. Quellek beams.
62) 1) dialog: Sir, it’s you! Thank Ipthar! 86.
62) 3) dialog: I avoided capture using the Mak’tar stealth haze. Where is everyone?
68) 0) text: Alexander and Quellek arrive at the “prison area” hatch a through the window... In their cells, many of the aliens already unconscious. Others valiantly attempt to open the with crudely constructed levers and battering rams, to no
68) 1) dialog: They’re dying! Alexander inserts his hand into the ID pad.
75) 0) text: Working together, Alexander and Quellek are now using a m BATTERING RAM on the door as an adjacent readout begins t
75) 1) dialog: Sir! The pressure. It’s normalizing.
75) 8) dialog: I’m... I’m shot. He falls, CRUMPLED to the ground. We see one of Sarris’ G down the hall. He shoots again. Alexander grabs Quellek’s body and pulls him to out of the line of fire.
75) 11) dialog: I... I don’t think I’m going to make it Sir...
75) 13) dialog: -.-It has been my greatest honor to serve with you. Living by your example these years, my life has had meaning. I have been blessed. Sir, I... I... He cringes in pain. Alexander looks at him, full of emoti
75) 15) dialog: You’1ll forgive my impertinence, sir, but even though we had never before met, I always considered you as a father to me. Blood appears in the corner of Quellek’s mouth, his life away. Alexander strokes his head, devastated. He looks hi in the eyes, his eyes welling with tears. Then with inten absolute sincerity...