7) 6) dialog: He’s ugly and green hued. Black sharp teeth. A metal hand hisses... There is a beat as the aliens take in the sight to well their courage.
7) 7) dialog: I see fear. That is expected. The whole room resonates with his voice.
7) 8) dialog: Ah, they bring a new Captain... Such a cowardly race. Not even your own kind... No matter. Here are my demands, and I would suggest, Captain, that you think well before speaking a word, because these negotiations are... tender... and if I do not like what I hear... There will be blood and pain as you cannot imagine... Jason takes a sip of coke and checks his watch. 21.
7) 9) dialog: First, I require the Omega 13... Second-
26) 31) dialog: Is that all? You have no more to confess to me? No? After three days of this you still require incentive? Sarris moves switches on the panel. The device pulls at t alien’s limbs, twisting them horribly. Bones crackle. a7.
26) 33) dialog: I do believe you.
26) 35) dialog: Oh I shall, I shall... When I grow weary of the noises you make, my little plaything, he assured, you shall die... Sarris toys with his control panel. Mercifully the screen up with static and we can only HEAR the bone chilling SCR We PAN around the table, past GWEN, ALEXANDER, TOMMY, GUY mouths open in horror as they watch the screen. Camera st JASON. He stares, the blood draining from his face.
28) 7) dialog: We meet again Captain. The crew stares at Sarris. He’s a frightening thing to be 49.
28) 9) dialog: Better than my Lieutenant. He failed to activate ships’s neutron armor as quickly as I‘d hoped on our last encounter. He brings into view a stake with the impaled head of his Lieutenant.
28) 11) dialog: Deliver the device now or I will destroy your ship.
28) 13) dialog: You have ten seconds.
28) 22) dialog: Perhaps I am not as stupid as I am ugly, Captain. Jason turns to Gwen horrified.
28) 26) dialog: Of course not...
28) 30) dialog: A present for you, Captain.
52) 43) text: . JASON (cont'd). , Come in Betzalar? Teb? Queelek? Generator room?!.. What’s going on? Where is everybody? Gwen pushes a button on the monitors to see... EIGHT GIAN JUST LIKE SARRIS’ SURROUNDING THE PROTECTOR. The crew REA Gwen punches another button and a dozen video panels ligh showing... SARRIS’ MEN ALL OVER THE SHIP. IN THE GENERATO THE HALLWAYS, THE COMMAND DECK... An INFESTATION.
53) 0) text: The row of barracks down the long hallway have been conve prison cells. From inside these the hundreds of captured watch in despair as JASON, BLOODY AND BEATEN, is led down corridor, his hands and feet shackled. Sarris, his guards other crewmembers follow behind. Weak and semi-conscious from the beating, Jason stumbles falls. Sarris produces a device that looks-like a cattle applies it to Jason’s neck. Jason cries out, his entire b lights up with electricity. The aliens push against the c to come to his aid, but the guards beat them back mercile through the bars.
53) 1) dialog: If you cannot walk, Captain, then I suggest you crawl. Jason hesitates. Sarris SHOCKS him again. Jason finally r slowly begins to CRAWL forward. Everyone is silent. Numb.
54) 0) text: The area has been converted to an interrogation chamber. led in with the others. Sarris’ men are in the middle of interrogation on a man strapped to a table. They move asi reveal BETZALAR, parely alive. But as he sees Jason, a ra hope lights up behind his eyes. He smiles.
54) 1) text: Captain. Thank God you're here. Jason, despite his own pain, attempts an encouraging nod. BETZALAR (cont’d) Now you will face justice, Sarris. Sarris laughs long and hard.
54) 2) dialog: Brilliant. Absolutely brilliant. At every turn you demonstrate the necessity for your extermination. The qualities of your race... Ridiculous optimism, like that of little children. Loyalty without regard to purpose or effect. Building, always building. But what you spend years to build, I take from you in days. What you create in decades, I destroy in moments... But you are stubborn, Betzalar, I'll grant you that. Annoyingly stubborn. (to Jason) Do you want to save this man's life, Captain? And the life of your crew?
54) 4) dialog: Then tell me one thing... What does it do, the device? The Omega 13.
54) 6) dialog: Is it a bomb? Is it a~booby trap? Tell me!
54) 8) dialog: Guards! Prepare a tear harness for the female...
54) 10) dialog: Do you think I’m a fool? That the Captain does not know every bolt, every weld of his ship? Gwen fights the guards valiantly as they drag her to a ta
54) 14) dialog: Wait. What did you say?
54) 16) dialog: Explain.
54) 19) dialog: Oh, this is wonderful. Wonderful. I treated you as a foe, but no... You have done much greater damage to these poor fools than I ever have..> Than I ever could.... Bravo!... Bravo! He puts his arm around Jason and leads him to face Betzal
54) 20) dialog: Tell him. This is a moment I will treasure. Explain to him who you really are. Jason looks up at Betzalar. A long pause.
54) 22) dialog: Our dim witted friends don’t understand the concept of acting. They have no theater, no imagination these scientists...
54) 25) dialog: Simpler.
54) 27) dialog: Yes... You understand THAT, don’t you, Betzalar?... Betzalar looks up at Jason, bewildered.
54) 36) dialog: (to Betzalar) Now you know. This entire world you've concected. Your miserable lives, all based on nothing. Your beliefs... your hopes... All a dream. A wisp of smoke. Now there is only pain. Sarris moves to his Lieutenant, RAK LATHE. 80.
54) 37) dialog: Lieutenant Lathe, I confess that I am beginning to feel a bit foolish myself. Chasing across the universe to obtain what is, I am now certain, a bauble of fiction. But just in case... Tell me how best to obliterate this vessel? I would like nothing to remain.
54) 40) dialog: Yes, you're right. Much too easy a death for the trouble you have caused me. Lieutenant, open a vent on level “C” and let the outside in a bit for our friends downstairs. A beat. Enraged, Jason LUNGES for Sarris, but his men qui him down brutally.
54) 41) dialog: I guess an actor is not the same as a Captain after all. He turns to his guard, motioning to Jason and the others.
54) 42) dialog: Release them, Sergeant... Into space. The Guard nods and escorts them out. Sarris turns to Betz raises the torture control with a sick smile.
55) 0) text: A number of Sarris’ men jettison cargo through a hydrauli airlock. The crates floats into space, collected by a fre ship outside. They look up as the computer makes an annou
56) 0) text: The six of them run down the hallway. Jason stops them an duck into an alcove as a unit of Sarris’ men jog past.
57) 0) text: Gwen and Jason hurry down the hallway, keeping a look out Sarris’ guards.
60) 0) text: Sarris’ first lieutenant LATHE enters.
60) 2) dialog: One moment... Sarris moves to turn on a viewscreen. Behind him, Betzala the table, unconscious.
60) 3) dialog: Something to amuse him if he wakes. As Sarris exits we see that the VIEWSCREEN IMAGE shows th in their cells, pulling at the bars. Some are already unc from the lack of oxygen.
69) 0) text: Dusty and Guy continue to watch Sarris’ men, still surrou main valve.
69) 8) dialog: Good... Good... All is in its place.
69) 10) dialog: What? Suddenly a LIFELESS BODY CRASHES against the windshield l bug. It’s Sarris’ Guard, jettisoned earlier. Sarris’ eyes
69) 11) dialog: Find them.
69) 13) dialog: Find then.
74) 0) text: The room is now emptied of Sarris’ men. Guy and Dusty ent move to the large valve, straining to turn it. Slowly, th pressure normalizes.
77) 26) dialog: Impossible... Impossible! (to munitions officer) Lieutenant, lock a full complement of implosion missiles onto the Protector. Tear her apart.
77) 31) text: Alexander has to be practically dragged away from fightin Sarris’ men...
77) 51) dialog: Well isn’t this adorable. The actors have decided to play war with me...
77) 54) dialog: This is embarrassing, really. I shan’t tell this story when I return home.
78) 1) dialog: I will remind you, sonny. I am a General. I have seen war and death as you cannot imagine. If you are counting on me to blink, you are making a very deadly mistake.
78) 6) dialog: Turn! Turn full to Port! The viewscreen FILLS with Sarris’ ship as it turns, and m collision by INCHES. Gwen, Alexander and the others excha relieved looks.
79) 0) text: Sarris’ ship follows the Protector into the mine field. I FIRING MISSILES.
80) 0) text: Tommy avoids the mines, flying side to side, gracefully. explosions from Sarris’ missiles ROCK the ship, again and
81) 4) dialog: Forward armor up!
81) 6) dialog: No. It can’t be..7 No.
84) 0) text: Sarris sees the Gannet projectiles coming toward them.
84) 1) dialog: 
84) 5) dialog: 
84) 8) dialog: No. NO! Sarris RISES, TERROR ON HIS FACE as the GLOWING PROJECTIL the viewscreen. He DIVES for a raised platform at the sid command deck and FUMBLES with controls as...