1) 37) text: OMURA 40, is a handsome and intelligent man. He watches A as Algren pours a glass or whiskey from a decanter.
2) 0) text: In the main cabin, Algren sits with Gant and Omura. Algre
3) 13) text: Omura comes up next to them.
3) 21) text: Omura is perplexed by Algren's remark, then realizes he i laughs heartily. Algren laughs with him. A connection is
6) 9) text: Omura separates himself from his entourage and approaches
9) 0) text: Algren and Gant are surprised to discover the living god twenties. The divine EMPEROR MEIJI is an intelligent and yet there is a tentativeness about him. His throne is surrounded by ADVISORS, principal among the Nearby, the American AMBASSADOR SWANBECK a cagey diplomat The throne room itself is sweeping, beautiful, and extrem tasteful displays of the traditional flower of the monarc The vibrant yellow bl ossoms haunt the chamber. As the Emperor considers his guests, Omura whispers into
17) 0) text: A STEAM ENGINE lends plumes of smoke into the air as it w Bagley, and General Yoshitaka ride along the railroad lin The Imperial Army follows, with Sergeant Gant, on foot. A traditional Japanese village is being torn aside to mak line. Houses are being leveled and black smoke drifts up. villagers gather belongings. Omura guards herd them about
84) 21) text: Omura appreciates Katsumoto's droll response. He assumes his part in the assassination attempt.
84) 26) text: Omura bows his head quickly and goes. Silence. The Emperor gazes at Katsumoto. Then:
87) 4) text: Spider's web of telegraph cables spread from a tall new b It is like a New York office building stabbing into the h Japan. The familiar Omura character is emblazoned on the side.
88) 0) text: Omura stands like an industrial titan before large pictur The only decoration in the room is an enormous Caravaggio
88) 2) text: Omura removes a gold cigarette case and lights up. Cigare Sweeping Japan.
88) 7) text: Omura gazes at him. Slowl y takes I puff from his cigaret
88) 32) text: Omura lights his cigarette. A moment as he takes Algren's
88) 39) dialog: And your sympathies?
88) 43) text: Omura smiles.
88) 52) text: Algren considers the implications of what Omura is saying
96) 0) text: The Council of State meets in an august chamber. Many of members wear Western clothes. Cigarette smoke billows. The young Emperor sits on a dais off to the side, as befi ceremonial role in the proceedings. Omura is speaking ... be stops ... looking at something . Katsumoto strides into the chamber, his swords proudly di
96) 12) text: Omura speaks with quiet conviction and honesty.
96) 26) text: Omura looks to his associates, and a silent decision is m
96) 30) text: Omura nods to the guards. The guards lead Katsumoto out.
99) 0) text: Omura lives in a huge medieval castle on a promontory dir Ba y. A testament to Japan's martial past.
105) 0) text: Omura waits in elegant evening clothes. A woman plays a h of Omura's castle is heavy, oppressive. Old Masters paint Leather-bound boob. Chippendale furniture.
105) 4) text: They move to chairs by the roaring fireplace as Omura tur noticing the cut on his face, but saying nothing.
105) 8) dialog: Champagne? And cigars, of course.
105) 14) text: Omura summons a servant. The servant escorts Algren out.
112) 0) text: Omura glances up from the documents.
117) 0) text: They stride through a tight, dark stone corridor. Suddenly, a cadre of Omura guards emerge from the shadows Without hesitation, they launch into battle. Algren and K their swords. Yoritomo and Ujio fire arrows. Nakao fights with his hands, dramatic martial arts from t
125) 0) text: Omura stands, very calm, smoking a cigarette, listening t Colonel Bagley tries to apologize.
129) 0) text: Colonel Bagley, Omura, several German advisors and Japane at the head of the Imperial Army. Bagley sees something, raises a hand. The troops halt. Algren and Katsumoto ride up to them. Stop.
129) 4) text: Omura meets Katsumoto's look, nods. Bagley turns to Algre
136) 0) text: Colonel Bagley, Omura, several German advisers and Japane watch through binoculars. Stunned. As the First Wave is r
141) 0) text: A Japanese Officer shouts out an order -- the Gatling Gun Omura screams at him to continue firing! The Japanese officer barks out response. Refusing. Omura sees all the samurai are dead or dying. But he also sees Algren kneeling by Katsumoto, dragging h screams at the Japanese officer to resume fire! The Japanese officer refuses. He just looks over the plain of dying samurai for a momen the most remarkable thing. He slowl y kneels and touches his head to the dirt.
143) 0) text: Ambassador Swanbeck, Omura, and a retinue of advisors are treaty documents for the Emperor's signature. The Emperor on his throne.
143) 4) text: The Emperor ignores Omura, and gestures that the doors to Algren enters with Graham. Algren carries something wrapp He approaches the Emperor. Kneels and sets the bundle at Algren remains kneeling with his head bowed. He unwraps t
143) 23) text: Omura is confused.
143) 27) text: Omura looks at him, stunned.
143) 35) text: Omura looks at him for a moment. Then bows tersely and go The Emperor looks at Algren, still kneeling before him.