2) 20) dialog: 
3) 2) text: As Christine finishes her silent prayer, crosses herself then raises her face which now registers exaltation--she begins to sing and act the part of Marguerite before the mirror.
4) 0) text: Christine is singing exultantly before the mirror. She comes to the end of her song and listens in the direction of the mirror with a faraway look in her eyes, then holding out her hands toward the mirror, she says pleading:
6) 19) dialog: 
6) 43) dialog: 
13) 20) dialog: As she suddenly sees Raoul off scene and her eyes dilate in amazement. C.V. OF RAOUL. He staring in surprise - then starts forward with a happy smile.
13) 26) dialog: 
18) 6) text: Beautiful gowns are torn from the women in the mad rush to get out. Women faint and are carried along with the jam. BACK STAGE. There is another panic going on. Stage hands, principals and ballet corps are in a mad rush to get out, knocking over scenery and props. Sud- denly Raoul appears...fighting his way and looking extremely anxiously for Christine. His clothing is nearly torn from his body. He fights his way to the dressing room corridor. INT. DRESSING ROOM CORRIDOR . AMBER. Attendants, stage hands, ballet girls are running about and are collected in groups, excitedly discussing the tragedy. One group is gathering about Christine who has fainted. Raoul enters from stage, disheveled as a result of his battle to get there. As he comes forward, he sees Christine, and with a cry, he pushes thru the group and stooping, lifts her into his arms. Then demanding the location of her dressing room, he follows, carrying her after the frightened group.
19) 0) text: As the door opens and Raoul enters carrying Christine. He deposits her tenderly on her couch. Then turns upon the curious group that followed and who would enter, he says:
19) 5) text: As Raoul kneels beside Christine, stroking her hands and calling upon her to speak to him. He is greatly worried over her condition. C.V. OF CHRISTINE. As she slowly opens her eyes ... then starts in amazement as she sees: C.V. OF RAOUL. As he looks down at Christine with a tender yearning expression. CLOSE UP AT COUCH. Raoul seeing Christine is conscious, carries her hand to his lip. She is thrilled by the contact. He pleads earnestly: "CHRISTINE, MY DARLING ....
19) 13) text: Christine in her terror, tries to push Raoul away as she pleads:
21) 0) text: The corridor is now empty except for Raoul. He is pacing the corridor in agony of mind. Something terrible has happened to Christine. He hears a movement and disappears around the corner of the corridor just as the physician enters from Christine's dressing room and exits. Raoul immediately re-appears and hurries to the dressing room with the intention of waiting for Christine and getting an explanation of her strange attitude toward him. SEMI C.V. OUTSIDE DRESSING ROOM DOOR. As Raoul approaches the door, intending to go in and demand an explanation. However, as his hand is about to close about the latch, something halts him. He just stands there in an attitude of hopelessness and despair. INT. CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM. SEMI C.V. OF CHRISTINE. relaxing on couch before large mirror. She, too, is sad and upset. There are tears in her eyes. INT. PASSAGEWAY BEHIND MIRROR. Suddenly a shaft of light appears. It grows wider, revealing a sliding door. Then a figure in evening dress, wearing a black mask, enters carrying a candelabra and a violin. He comes to the foreground where he manipulates some machinery on the wall and presses close to the wall with his masked face. SEMI C.V. CHRISTINE ON COUCH. Suddenly part of the mirror behind her becomes transparent, revealing the upper portion of the masked face. INT. PASSAGEWAY BEHIND MIRROR. The masked man is looking thru the reverse of mirror. He then operates the machinery and the transparent space thru which can be seen Christine on her couch, becomes opaque. The figure lifts his violin and starts to play. SEMI C.V. CHRISTINE ON COUCH. She hears the music and listens enchanted. Then she smiles thru her tears.
22) 6) dialog: Her whole being is warmed and elated by the praise. She says:
23) 0) text: As the Persian enters scene from rear behind some obstacles and comes toward camera, looking behind curiously and furtively. DRESSING ROOM CORRIDOR. At the cross corridor in foreground waits Raoul in a jealous rage as he watches up corridor toward Christine's dressing room. Then he is rewarded for Christine, wrapped in her fur cloak and her face covered with a veil, comes out of her dressing room and hurries toward camera. Raoul ducks back and watches as Christine passes his place of hiding without seeing him. She passes corner and he watches after her. Then filled with a jealous rage, he darts out and dashes toward her dressing room. SEMI C.V. OUTSIDE DRESSING ROOM DOOR. As Raoul dashes up. There is murder in his heart. He draws his sword (for he has been in full military dress) and bursts upon the door.
24) 0) text: As Raoul runs into the scene from Christine's dressing room, a solemn procession enters from the stairs leading to the first cellar. Two men are carrying the body of Joseph Buquet upon a stretcher. Buquet's face is covered with a handker- chief which has been dampened and will cling closely to his face. There are five other stage hands and the procession including Simon and Florine. Simon leans heavily on two companions-stage hands and sobs silently. All have their heads down. As procession comes from the cellar, moves toward the stage, interrupts Raoul's hasty exit and delays him. He slows up his pace and bows his head in the presence of death. ....FADE OUT.
26) 14) text: Florine is in the act of making an extravagant gesture but when he hears that last line he stops, his gesture half completed. All look towards Simon, Florine holding his gesture. CLOSE UP FLORINE. BLUE. A silent shiver runs thru him. A sickly look comes over his face. QUICK FADE OUT. QUICK FADE IN. INTERIOR CHRISTINE'S BEDROOM. She is seated near the window, in the depths of despair and melancholia. As she breaks into sobs, Mme. Valerius enters the door and stands looking with sympathy and pity at her.
28) 0) text: Mme. Valerius is just in the act of opening the door and M. Lavelle enters with a cheery smile. SEMI C.V. NEAR DOOR. As Mme. Valerius greets Lavelle. The latter produces Raoul's letter and hands it to the woman. As he starts to explain about it, Mme. Valerius places her finger to her lips quickly to caution him. Then shaking her head in the negative with a warning expression that Christine must not know, she quickly hides the letter in her bodice. INT. CHRISTINE'S BEDROOM. Christine has heard voices and curious, she arises and exits. MED. SHOT IN LIVING ROOM. Mme. Valerius and Lavelle hear Christine coming. The woman again registers a look of warning. Then Christine enters. She greets Lavelle who is very nervous and uncomfortable and anxious to get away. Her wistful look is suddenly illuminated by a hopeful smile. She presses her hands together and
28) 5) dialog: 
29) 1) text: to answer Raoul's letter. CLOSE UP OF CHRISTINE AT DESK. As she starts to write the letter.
30) 0) text: The location is a quaint little garden in Brittany. In the b.g. looking over a low garden wall is the ocean. Upon the left is a little Inn. The Inn of the Setting Sun. On the right there is a little arbor. Christine is discovered, occupied with thoughts of long ago. Christine's dress is so conceived that it will lend to the spiritual quality of her character. She is sad and passive and looks a frail little figure. MED. CLOSE UP CHRISTINE. Her spirituality and the mystery surrounding her are brought out. She sees someone approaching and is enveloped in a complexity of emotions. She loves Raoul and her eyes twinkle. She fears the meeting and her heart aches, yet she yearns for it and she runs toward the wall. A LONGER SHOT. With glad anticipation - Christine runs to the low wall. Raoul runs in and jumps over the wall and starts panting before her. MED. CLOSE UP RAOUL AND CHRISTINE. Eagerly he devours her with his eyes and is about to take her into his arms. It is plain to be seen that she is his for the taking. However, he is suddenly choked by an onrush of jealousy and his arms drop to his side. He speaks to her impetuously:
30) 13) text: At these words from Raoul, a deathly pallor spreads over Christine's face...she almost faints. Raoul becomes conscious of his odious behavior and seeks to apologize. Then suddenly her eyes moisten and two great tears roll down her cheeks. Raoul tries to take her in his arms, but she escapes and flees in great disorder. Raoul calls after her, then angry at himself...turns and gazes, gloomily out over the sea. ANOTHER SECTION OF THE LITTLE GARDEN. As Christine flees into scene from behind camera. Then she steps and turns around revealing that she is sorry she ran away. She makes up her mind to explain everything to him...exits back behind camera.
30) 24) text: Raoul is startled and looks at her stupidly, then incredulously - then suspiciously. Christine does not observe the reaction in him. She continues more lightly than before.
30) 28) dialog: 
31) 0) text: This is a country graveyard beside a little church in Brittany and it must be so conceived that it will seem reasonable to appear it joins the garden. Skeletons and skulls by the hundreds are heaped against the wall of the church. The full moon throws its light upon the scene. Christine enters like a sleeping walker and picks her way amongst the graves. Raoul enters a short distance behind and follows her at a distance. Christine finally stops before a grave with a moss covered headstone and kneels.
31) 19) dialog: 
31) 24) text: The house is dark. The footlights are lit and the orchestra is playing while the audience waits in suspense. The Curtain rises, disclosing Christine as Marguerite kneeling before the Shrine in the Church. SEMI C.V. IN RAOUL'S BOX. He is all alone. Raoul is leaning forward, watching her as if hypnotized and filled with strange emotions. There is no doubt but that he loves her intensely and though thrilled by her singing, he suffers from the memory of their parting at Perros.
32) 1) dialog: It is evident that Christine has finished her aria. The audience is a tumult of applause. INT. DRESSING ROOM. CORRIDOR TOWARD STAGE. As Raoul enters in a blind, jealous anger. At that moment the Persian comes by ext of the cellar. The two almost collide, then stop and look at each other. MED CLOSE UP RAOUL & PERSIAN AMBER. The two men stop and look at each other, just for an instant, one look, but in that look the Persian expresses a friendly compassion for Raoul. The Persian then passes on toward the stage; Raoul looks after him. It strikes Raoul with sudden force that perhaps this Persian is Christine's Angel of Music. Raoul shows his suspicions and again turns toward Christine's dressing room. INT. DRESSING ROOM CORRIDOR...AMBER. Raoul raps at Christine's door. As there is no response, he tries the knob. The door is unlocked and he exits...into the dressing room.
34) 0) text: This is a very long shot. The curtains at the corner are drawn back for a curtain call. Christine Daae appears alone, a diminutive little figure upon which thousands of eyes are focused. The audience is giving her a great ovation.
35) 0) text: Raoul becoming angrier every moment. Then he arises. He will go. As he moves to the door, he stops as he hears: DRESSING ROOM CORRIDOR. As Christine comes happily down the corridor, her arms laden with flowers and accompanied by a group of admiring ballet girls who shower her with praise. INT. CHRISTINE'S DRESSING ROOM. Raoul looks about in a panic. Then he decides he will hide. He conceals himself in her closet just in time, for the door opens and Christine enters. She waves good-bye to the ballet girls and closing the door, crosses quietly to her mirror, where she hugs the flowers happily. MED. CLOSE UP AT CLOSET DOOR. AMBER. Raoul is looking at her from the closet. He takes a step forward to go to her, then sees a change in her which causes him to pause.
35) 1) text: A strangeness has come over Christine. She raises her head in an attitude of listening. Her eyes seem to be fixed upon space. PASSAGE WAY BACK OF MIRROR. As the masked Phantom plays his violin. CLOSE SHOT IN CLOSET. Raoul is suspicious yet puzzled. He feels that he is about to witness the proof of her perfidy. He watches intently. CLOSE UP OF CHRISTINE BEFORE MIRROR. She stretches out her arms toward the mirror and with an exalted look, says:
36) 0) text: Christine finds herself in a gloomy passage lighted by a single ray of light which comes from some unseen source. Christine clutches the drapes - bewildered and terrified - but she does not cry out. She looks ahead of her in the direction of the improvised runway, but she does not look directly downward. Then she turns to the mysterious door thru which she has just entered. Near her from below a long arm is extended into the scene. The fingers of the hand are held close together, stiff and straight. The hand itself is not made up for a skeleton's hand, but merely to suggest one slightly. Then, without a step, the figure of Erick moves upward into scene, without motion on his part as if he were being lifted upon an elevator. Erick wears a black mask covering his eyes and nose. The eyes seem to be two black holes. The part of the face that is visible, the chin and the mouth, is hideous. There is practically no hair on the head. He is dressed all in black, his own peculiar fashion of evening clothes. The whole is covered by a long black cloak. Erick extends his hand and grasps Christine by the wrist. She stands motionless, burned to stone, but does not turn her eyes upon him yet.
36) 3) text: This shot shows an improvised runway with the exit in the left f.g. In the b.g. can be seen the machinery of the mirror, the two counter- pieces, etc. One of Erick's feet is still resting upon one of the counterpieces to explain how he came to be elevated into the picture. He rode up upon the moving counterpiece. Christine is fighting him hysterically. He takes her bodily in his arms. The drape is partially folded about her.
36) 4) text: As Christine struggles and screams, Erick's skeleton hand closes over her mouth. When her horrified eyes catch sight of Erick's face close to hers, she partially swoons but does not entirely lose consciousness. (This screaming is employed to key the scene down so that it can again be keyed up when Christine enters Erick's abode.) There must be this transition here, because if Christine continues to oppose Erick, she would not sit willingly upon the white stallion nor row quietly in his arms in the boat. A LONGER SHOT. FAINT GREEN. Christine in his arms, Erick sweeps over the improvised runway with her and exits to the left. The long drape is floating after them. INT. BRIDGE IN CELLAR. FAINT GREEN. Erick swoops in on the bridge from the right, carrying Christine, the drape floating behind them. Christine is pliable in his arms, half in a swoon. Christine is reluctant. Erick exits with her to the left. The scene changes by employ- ing a traveling iris. As one picture irises out of one corner, the next simultaneously irises in another. Thus there is not an instant of blank screen. These irises should always travel in the direction of the action. (It is suggested that in each of these lapses, the fade-outs be taken three ways, by lap dissolving, fading and the moving iris.) INT. CELLAR BLANK CORRIDOR. FAINT GREEN.
36) 5) text: Caesar, the great white stallion is tethered here and beside him upon the floor is a lantern. With a gliding motion, Erick, Christine in his arms, moves to the horse. As he lifts her upon the horse's back, Christine mildly resists, but fixes herself upon the horse, and remains there. Erick takes up the lantern and leads the horse out, the long drape making a picture.
36) 8) text: A distorted shadow of Christine upon the horse and Erick leading it. While the horse and Erick are walking the shadow does not move off the screen. The shadow stays in one spot.
37) 0) text: This first shot is looking from the distance over the still waters to the approach in the b.g. Behind the boat and the landing place, there is quite a deep view into the cellar approach. This is for the end drama with the mob. A boat, moored in front of this approach, has a fantastic shape, say a Venetian line, and is painted black. Erick enters leading horse. This is all in b.g. He places the light in the boat, takes Christine in his arms and as he does so, the horse exits as if by habit. Erick steps into the boat with Christine and the drape. With his free hand, he takes a long pole and gives the boat one shove. He glides toward the camera into the darkness, the drape floating upon the water in its wake.
37) 1) text: This is the big lake shot. This shoots from the light into the darkness. The boat glides in from the darkness, the figure in it motionless. The boat glides up to two or three stone steps before a deep stone casemented door in the masonry on the left. The boat comes to a stop before the steps. Erick pulls a ring attached to a heavy chain, hanging from a hole in the masonry. The heavy door swings open and Erick and Christine is lying in his arms as a flood of dazzling light shows she is in his arms limply and without any movement of resistance. She is like one in a dream or stupor. Erick carries her from the boat through the door.
38) 0) text: Following are the elements in this room for the action: 1- Opening from it thru a bread vaulted opening is a music room in which is an organ, violin, musician's composing stand. 2- The door to the lake landing. 3- The door to Erick's bedroom. 4- A short flight of steps leading up to a screened opening leading to the torture chamber. 5 - A Spanish chest which contains: the Cricket and the Grasshopper. 6 - A trap door on the floor opening upon steps leading into the cellar. 7 - The hidden opening to Erick's secret passage and stairs by which Erick leaves the house by a route other than by the lake. 8 - A sounding device upon the wall. This room is artistically arranged. This suite of rooms is in the very foundation of the opera house. Thousands of tons of masonry is above and are being upheld by the arches and walls of the room. There is nothing of fantasy in the actual lines and construction of the suite. The fantastic is applied by Erick's hand in the lighting, furnishings and draperies. Artistically arranged with many variations of freshly cut flowers. Each of the furnishings is old-fashioned, the idea being that it belonged to Erick's mother. The couch is very light, much higher than an ordinary couch. Erick enters carrying Christine. He crosses the room to the high couch and gently places her upon it. He then returns to the door and closes it. Christine's stupor is giving way to astonishment and bewilderment. She begins to look at the strange room when Erick returns to her. She still is not sufficiently recovered from her stupor to be startled and shocked by Erick's approach. He observes her for an instant with folded arms in an attitude of humility.
38) 1) text: Slowly Erick sinks to his knees upon a footstool. He is most abject and humble. He touches the fold of her dress. He presses it to his breast and then to his lips. Christine is watching him as one hypnotized. Then she screams a sudden and terrified scream. She springs from the couch.
38) 2) text: In the center of the room Christine hesitates, then wildly runs out through the door leading to Erick's bed chamber. Without haste and in humility, he moves after her.
39) 0) text: The walls and the low ceiling are hung in black. In the middle of the room there is a canopy from which hangs curtains of red brocaded stuff. Under this canopy there is an open coffin, an elaborate affair lined with wuffed silk. It is fantastic but must look like a coffin - the lid is open. When Christine enters the coffin is not seen. She enters and stands frozen to the spot. Her wildness gives way to a dumb terror. The camera pans revealing the coffin and the canopy, but keeping Christine in the scene. Erick enters to her side in a quiet humble way. Indicating the coffin, he tells her in a matter-of-fact way:
39) 4) text: The shot cuts out the coffin. Christine's terrified eyes are now fastened intently upon Erick's face. The thought that has forced itself upon her, is a revelation to her. She cries at him with loathing: "YOU ARE NOT THE ANGEL OF MUSIC....
40) 0) text: Erick seems to fully understand her attitude. He tells her humbly: "CHRISTINE, YOU MUST KNOW THE TRUTH.
41) 0) text: Christine sinks back with a hopeless sigh and offers no resistance, when he tenderly picks her up in his arms. A LOWER SHOT...AMBER. Erik takes Christine in his arms and carries her into her bedroom.
42) 2) dialog: 
42) 13) dialog: 
43) 0) text: Christine is calm, hypnotized by the powerful music she is hearing. She is marveling at the genius of this man and is touched by his music.
44) 11) dialog: BACK: Erick moves closer to Christine as if he is going to take her in his arms--she throws up her hands to warn him off. This brings Christine to herself. Somethings has been revealed and it sha- dows the tone of the scene. Up to this moment Chris- tine had been hypnotized by his music. The spell of the music now dispelled and she begins to look at the man with curiosity and increasing antagonism-- then as his horrid face comes closer and closer, she suddenly seizes the mask and tears it from his face-- then repelled against the wall with a scream of terror and revulsion. Facing Christine is a death's head that is alive with four black holes for its eyes, nose and mouth, a skin pallid and yellow--Erick utters a terrible cry of grief, despair and rage, then towers over her, hissing words and curses upon her.
44) 13) text: Christine shrinks from him and falls, upon her knees. Erick follows her, towers over her and cries:
44) 39) dialog: BACK: Raoul turns to his brother and indicates in triumph that Christine has been found. Philippe gasps in dismay.
44) 53) text: He is looking for anyone who might be Christine. Christine, masked, enters from the staircase behind him and touches him upon the arm. Her motions are hurried and nervous. He turns upon her and she raises a warn- ing finger to her lips. He understands and follows her up the left staircase.
46) 14) text: They are at the rail in the center opening in the second gallery. Christine sees that the Red Death has seen her and Raoul. Her action shows that there is fear and excitement. She clutches him by the sleeve and half drags him through the door in the rear which reveals a stairway going upward.
46) 24) text: So this is the sum of Christine's fears. This is an object for Raoul's anger. He moves towards the stair with a purpose of provoking this phantom and laying hands upon him. Christine is thrown into near hysterics. She clutches at Raoul's arm. He now has one foot upon the stairs. He is drawing away from her and in so doing he pulls her to her knees. Pleading she cries at him.
46) 37) text: Directly above Raoul and Christine is the Red Death clung to Apollo's Lyre, like an enormous bat, black birds fly by.
46) 38) text: Death head is looking down. SEMI CLOSE UP OF RAOUL AND CHRISTINE. Christine gains the courage to continue. She says brokenly with great terror in her eyes:
46) 42) dialog: 
46) 46) text: Raoul is aghast. Christine's tears have dried up. With horror she brings her narration to a close with the words:
46) 64) text: Raoul releases Christine from his passionate embrace then they exit in the direction from which they came. ERICK is out of sight but the moment they are out of scene, he crawls into view and like a monkey swiftly climbs from the statue and exits in pursuit of the lovers.
46) 78) text: Raoul holding Christine close to him and telling her of his love. Then the door bursts open and the soldiers enter. Raoul releases Christine who gasps in dismay.
46) 80) text: He says the end of line as Raoul realizes what it means and his shoulders droop in hopelessness. Christine clings to him in terror and begs to know what it means. He comforts her and tells her:
47) 0) text: The rough sergeant who has no sentiment taps Raoul on the shoulder and indicates for him to come. Raoul frowns darkly then releasing Christine and kissing her on the forehead gently disengaging her and moves into the center of the military police.
47) 4) text: He looks towards Christine with a happy smile and throws her a kiss.
47) 17) dialog: 
48) 0) text: Christine is nearly dressed for the part of Mar- guerite, a maid is assisting her--she is listless and sad because Raoul been taken from her. PASSAGE WAY BACK OF MIRROR. The Phantom is looking into Christine's dressing room thru the trick mirror. Christine can be seen with her maid dressing her-- the Phantom grins with Suddenly Christine and the maid start and look toward the door, then the maid exits from the scene.
49) 0) text: The maid has the door open and receives from the usher Raoul's note- she closes the door and carries the message to Christine.
49) 2) dialog: 
50) 0) text: As Christine gives her face a final powdering and exits with her maid.
53) 11) text: This is the longest shot that has been taken without showing the chandelier. The action on the stage is followed for an instant and then the house is plunged into darkness. This is held for 20 feet so that the proper period of darkness can be timed in the cutting. The house is again illuminated and Christine has disappeared from the stage. All upon the stage are bewildered, confused.
53) 19) dialog: 
54) 65) text: BACK: Christine shrinks from him, shrinks away from the idea, then she runs down the steps.
54) 66) text: Christine runs to a position before the center pillar and sobbing, hides her face against the pillar. Erick goes to her dejectedly and appeals to her.
55) 3) dialog: Christine looks up terribly startled at a resounding clang. Erick too is startled into a dramatic tension.
55) 5) text: Erick, realizes that opposition is now at hand and a satanic smile overspreads his horrible face, mockingly he tells Christine:
55) 8) text: The arm is rhythmically falling upon the chime. Erick moves to a beautiful throw hanging over the back of a chair, sweeps it off. Swiftly he begins to bind Christine to the center pillar.
55) 9) text: She offers no resistance. The throw passes around Christine's waist and is tied on the side of the pillar opposite Christine. Erick tells her hurriedly:
55) 17) text: Christine hears Raoul's agonized cry, answers it and gives away to fear for Raoul. INT TORTURE CHAMBER...FAINT GREEN. Raoul is crying out - wild inarticulate things to Christine - The Persian grasps him by the wrist and sternly indicates for him to keep quiet. The Persian addresses himself toward the overhead window: "WE ARE IN THE TORTURE CHAMBER.
56) 1) text: Christine flies across the room and runs up the few steps to the door to the torture chamber.
56) 2) text: Christine parts the drapes and tries to look through the heavy mesh, but evidently can see nothing. She shakes the door and registers that it is locked. She cries out in distress to the men in the torture chamber that the door is locked.
57) 0) text: The Persian is listening to Christine intently. At the same time he is forcing Raoul to be quiet. The Persian tells Christine:
57) 4) text: It continues to strike twice and stops. A LONGER SHOT AMBER. Christine is looking at the sounding device. With dread anticipation she senses that Erick is returning. She flies back to the center pillar and slips under the throw. She is now apparently in the position that Erick left her. From this moment Christine begins to act a double role. She is now matching her wits against Erick's...Above all things she must keep Raoul's presence in the torture chamber from Erick. The entrance door opens and Erick enters dripping wet. He closes the door goes to Christine and tells her sardonically: Christine's
57) 7) text: Christine is looking at the sounding device with dread anticipation - it is still. Her fear is just as apparent as her pretense. She does not fail to notice his wet clothes and the mystery behind his absence. Erick now drops his sardonic mood which caused the last title. As he releases her he tells her: "COME I WILL PLAY YOU OUR WEDDING MASS.
57) 10) text: Christine discovers the chamois bag partly concealed behind a drape, up in a little recess. She is at a high tension, she gives Erick a frightened look, then snatches the little bag from its hiding place. Instantly she looks back at Erick in terror.
57) 11) text: Erick has stopped playing and is looking at Christine in an attitude of alarm. He rises and swiftly strides to her. In an hysterical way she tries to conceal the bag.
57) 18) text: Erick is listening. He has heard Raoul's cry of rage. He now understands why Christine wanted the keys. He also knows that only for Raoul would Christine do as she has. From this moment Erick becomes cruel and Christine combats him on the verge of hysterics. He asks her in a quiet but very dangerous manner:
57) 27) text: Christine comes down the steps, trying to affect an air of being nonchalant. Erick steps up to her and takes her by the wrist, asking her:
58) 13) text: Christine pleads with him, "Don't talk like that." Then she runs her hand across her brow and tells him evasively:
59) 0) text: Christine is frantic. She is listening to Raoul's agonized cries. She is beside herself. She moans and clutches at his cloak, crying, "What are you doing to him! What are you doing to him!" With a sweeping motion Erick points to the screened opening indicating, "Go and see!" Christine runs up the steps - draws aside the drapes and looks through the screen.
60) 0) text: Christine is looking through the screen. She turns upon Erick, maddened. She runs down the steps to him. She first reviles him - then hysterically appeals to him. He grasps her by the wrist with such unconscious force that it brings her to her knees. He cries at her:
61) 31) text: Erick is becoming rapidly carried away by his own weird madness. Still without waiting for a reply from Christine he pantomimes something being blown up and continues:
61) 37) text: From his chamois bag he takes a key and unlocks the chest. He opens the chest revealing the following contrivance: Upon a piece of plate glass are two objects - a grass hopper and a scorpion, both made of Japanese bronze. From each of these objects a rod runs downward out of sight. Coming up thru the glass is a liquid, watery light effect. Coming up thru the glass is light. Christine feels an unaccountable dread at the sight of the little bronze objects. Erick tells her:
61) 41) text: Erick turns and walks wildly and rapidly toward the music room. Upon the steps leading to this room, he turns upon Christine and in a demoniacal manner tells her: "BE CAREFUL OF THE GRASSHOPPER.
61) 51) text: Erick is playing wildly upon the organ. But this is held only for a few feet. Erick senses the change of atmosphere, stops playing, turns toward Christine and rises. This places him at the top of the two steps between the two rooms. Christine walks toward him, quietly and with deliberation and pauses at the bot- tom of the steps.
61) 52) text: Christine gazes up at him earnestly and the picture is held for an instant. Erick realizes that the final moment is at hand and there is a sense of terror in his manner. She asks him in a trembling voice:
61) 57) text: Erick walks toward her - a man crushed. Christine in this instant has become his master. Christine turns calmly to meet him.
62) 0) text: Erick is discovered as he was left, cringing before Christine, afraid. She lays a hand upon his shoulder and reminds him of those whose cries for help both can hear. Like a dog, Erick obeys her. He throws back a rug, revealing a trap door. This he throws open. Raoul and the Persian are discovered, half drowned in the water which has risen to within a few inches of the floor. The two men are so far gone that they are in do condition to engage Erick in battle. Erick, aided by Christine, drags both of the men out of the water. The trap is left open.
62) 1) text: Raoul is still alive and conscious. He is saved. Christine is calm and very sad. Erick steps back and tells the two men:
63) 15) text: This shouting awakens the coachman. Erick is in the act of helping Christine into the barouche. The mob is chasing them. The coachman begins to remonstrate with Erick. Christine inside. Erick slams the door. The mob is almost on them. Erick jerks the coachman from the seat to the pavement, then springs into the coachman's seat.
63) 22) text: As Christine still dazed, climbs out of the wreck - she looks off scene in horror as she sees: