6) 33) text: This is a character study of an opposite type to Simon--a slow, lymphatic temperament - the type to be pitied- he finishes mending the torn canvas and straightens up, wincing at his cramped back and making agonized faces. SEMI C.V. JOSEPH BUQUET. As Simon enters scene and affectionately rubs his back for him - Buquet accepts his brother's aid in a manner that shows he is accustomed to being petted by Simon and he likes it. Simon puts his arm about his brother's shoulder and says:
8) 15) dialog: 
9) 2) text: The girls want him to lead them to Joseph Buquet. He is proud of their confidence and he beams. The girls surround him and each takes hold of his arm or his belt and the group moves through the arch and exits to the right.
16) 0) text: The group from above are seen coming down the circular staircase. The shadow of a hanging man is no longer there. There is something in the f.g. so placed and lighted that the audience cannot discern what it is. The party of men enter from the staircase and look around in a hushed way. Florine looks for the shadow - then he looks for the body. Both are gone. His mind seems to be helpless to grasp the situation. By one second all eyes center upon the object in the f.g., ina hushed, awed manner they move to the object. Simon looks down upon it with big, wondering eyes. All are fascinated by it. Simon kneels down beside the object. SEMI C.V. SIMON AND BODY OF JOSEPH BUQUET. Simon who is kneeling turns the body over and gasping recoils in horror for it is his brother. Then in a quick agony he listens at the breast and lifting a face of terrible agony he cries:
19) 30) dialog: 
24) 0) text: As Raoul runs into the scene from Christine's dressing room, a solemn procession enters from the stairs leading to the first cellar. Two men are carrying the body of Joseph Buquet upon a stretcher. Buquet's face is covered with a handker- chief which has been dampened and will cling closely to his face. There are five other stage hands and the procession including Simon and Florine. Simon leans heavily on two companions-stage hands and sobs silently. All have their heads down. As procession comes from the cellar, moves toward the stage, interrupts Raoul's hasty exit and delays him. He slows up his pace and bows his head in the presence of death. ....FADE OUT.