11) 0) text: This is a conventional dressing room, such as would be furnished to a star, or to La Sorelli, who is the head of the ballet. She is also the friend of the younger dancers. The scene is one of languor, a little of what people expect of Parisian naughtiness. A beautifully formed, languorous creature is reclining upon a couch and is being entertained by two or three smartly dressed young Parisians. La Sorelli is before the mirror with an admirer and her maid. The admirer playfully takes the place of the maid and is allowed to fasten the top button in the back of her dress. Their playful pastimes are interrupted by a violent knocking at the door. INT. DRESSING ROOM CORRIDOR. .AMBER. This is a close up of the other side of La Sorelli's door. Twelve little hands are pounding upon it.
12) 0) text: The maid opens the door and the six ballet girls burst in. One of them closes and locks the door. They all cluster around La Sorelli and cry out together:
12) 12) dialog: La Sorelli is still trying to conceal her terror, but cannot repress shivering - the dandies are laughing - the girls terrified. Suddenly La Sorelli starts and listens - all see her attitude and listen: MED. SHOT IN DRESSING ROOM CORRIDOR. A strange shadow moves along the wall. MED. SHOT IN DRESSING ROOM . . AMBER. FLASH of everyone listening tensely.
12) 14) dialog: The girls cling to her in terror - then with a courage born of fear, she produces a dagger and throwing off the detaining hands, moves toward the door -- the girls gasp as they watch after her. SEMI C.V. INSIDE DRESSING ROOM DOOR. As La Sorelli enters scene and moves close to door with dagger ready but trembling body. She screams:
12) 17) dialog: 
13) 18) dialog: Raoul is kidding her along and it is noticeable that she is fascinated by his personality. Several of the dandies we saw previously in her dressing room come up and seek to draw her attention but she pays them no heed and they are greatly ex- asperated. BACK STAGE. . FULL SET. As workmen finish setting scene for the ballet - in b.g. Christine appears in entrance to dressing room corridor. SEMI C.V. OF CHRISTINE. As she looks on with that same wistful expression. SEMI C.V. OF SORELLI AND RAOUL. Raoul suddenly looks at his watch - is startled - indicates he must get back to his box - he leans close and whispers something in her ear with a devilish smile on his face. Her eyes light up with delight - she nods her head in the affirmative - he exits laughing, she waving after him.