6) 31) dialog: 
6) 32) text: This is a character study of a radical type who issues orders in a sharp, domineering manner. SIMON'S BROTHER, JOSEPH.
6) 33) text: This is a character study of an opposite type to Simon--a slow, lymphatic temperament - the type to be pitied- he finishes mending the torn canvas and straightens up, wincing at his cramped back and making agonized faces. SEMI C.V. JOSEPH BUQUET. As Simon enters scene and affectionately rubs his back for him - Buquet accepts his brother's aid in a manner that shows he is accustomed to being petted by Simon and he likes it. Simon puts his arm about his brother's shoulder and says:
10) 0) text: This shot is back of the scene. Simon is peeping through the scenery and talking to a stage hand. A couple of feet from him a trap falls open and Florine shoots up into the air about four feet, lights on his feet, nonchalantly tries to appear that he is doing his regular work, picks up a prop and walks off. Simon looks after him with suspicious exasperation.
14) 0) text: Discovered a variety of cellar hands, a fireman, a groom and a couple a scene-shifters. They are sitting upon the floor gossiping. Simon enters from the right, looking for somebody when Florine runs in from the cellar below. Any attempt at comedy is avoided. Florine becomes a whimpering, pathetic figure. He tries to explain to Simon in pantomime what he has seen. ANOTHER PART OF CELLAR #5 or #6 IF WE HAVE THE SET. MED. SHOT NEAR THE BIG OPERA HOUSE FORGE. A groom currying a great white stallion while a Hercules of a smithy is preparing to put new shoes on the stallion. We plant the stallion fastened to a ring bolt in the stone wall by a strap and is parallel with the wall. The blacksmith is holding up the hoof of the great white stallion to measure a shoe, then he moves over to the forge and with his back to the horse pumps the bellows and sings to himself -- then a strange thing happens, a section of the wall and floor upon which the white stallion stands suddenly turns as if upon an axle and the white stallion vanishes leaving apparently the same wall floor and ring bolt - the smithy lifts the red hot shoe from the forge and prepares to hammer it. He casually looks around toward the place where the horse was, gasps and drops the hammer. Then thinking perhaps one of the stablemen played a joke, he calls to them - they join him and he asks them about the horse.
15) 0) text: Florine is shaking and stammering his story. Two other scene shifters are attracted and drift in. Simon thinks that maybe Florine is out of his head but all are impressed. They begin to move down the steps leading to the "Roi de Lahore" set. Florine will not go. He can't stand it. Simon tells him with force to "Go." Whimpering Florine precedes Simon down the stairs.
16) 0) text: The group from above are seen coming down the circular staircase. The shadow of a hanging man is no longer there. There is something in the f.g. so placed and lighted that the audience cannot discern what it is. The party of men enter from the staircase and look around in a hushed way. Florine looks for the shadow - then he looks for the body. Both are gone. His mind seems to be helpless to grasp the situation. By one second all eyes center upon the object in the f.g., ina hushed, awed manner they move to the object. Simon looks down upon it with big, wondering eyes. All are fascinated by it. Simon kneels down beside the object. SEMI C.V. SIMON AND BODY OF JOSEPH BUQUET. Simon who is kneeling turns the body over and gasping recoils in horror for it is his brother. Then in a quick agony he listens at the breast and lifting a face of terrible agony he cries:
16) 2) text: Simon bursts into heavy sobs that rack his frame the others recoil in horror. Simon throws himself across his brother's body in his grief.
16) 8) text: Simon is lamenting with the others looking on in horror and pity as the Blacksmith and stablemen come up -- they stare aghast as some about explain about the tragedy. SEMI CLOSE SHOT SIMON AND BROTHER'S BODY. Simon raises up and in doing so discovers something beside his brother's body - he picks it up - it is a strangler's lasso - as he looks at it, his eyes glare with sudden understanding and fury - he half snarls and sobs:
24) 0) text: As Raoul runs into the scene from Christine's dressing room, a solemn procession enters from the stairs leading to the first cellar. Two men are carrying the body of Joseph Buquet upon a stretcher. Buquet's face is covered with a handker- chief which has been dampened and will cling closely to his face. There are five other stage hands and the procession including Simon and Florine. Simon leans heavily on two companions-stage hands and sobs silently. All have their heads down. As procession comes from the cellar, moves toward the stage, interrupts Raoul's hasty exit and delays him. He slows up his pace and bows his head in the presence of death. ....FADE OUT.
26) 0) text: This is the night life section of the Quarter. It is a public corner in front of an old workingman's cafe. Aside from the night life on the street, parties of men and women (principally men) are entering and leaving cafe. Beggars and thieves and characters. There is a group of about fourteen working men upon the corner. Simon and Florine are in the center of group. The group is listening to Simon who is haranguing them and the smaller section listening to Florine who is describing the discovery of the body.
26) 1) text: The working men, interesting characters, are listening intently to Simon. They are his friends. The speaker is excited and emphatic. As he speaks others join the group. Simon is saying emphatically:
26) 8) text: Simon is trying to get over to the others the importance of their own danger. He tells them:
26) 14) text: Florine is in the act of making an extravagant gesture but when he hears that last line he stops, his gesture half completed. All look towards Simon, Florine holding his gesture. CLOSE UP FLORINE. BLUE. A silent shiver runs thru him. A sickly look comes over his face. QUICK FADE OUT. QUICK FADE IN. INTERIOR CHRISTINE'S BEDROOM. She is seated near the window, in the depths of despair and melancholia. As she breaks into sobs, Mme. Valerius enters the door and stands looking with sympathy and pity at her.
47) 26) text: Atmosphere shot of stage at work under Simon Buquet's orders.
58) 3) text: A fanatical fire shines from Simon's eyes, as he directs the distribution of the mysterious packages The packages are passed out of the doorway. Florine's attention is concentrated upon a deaf man. He is shouting in the man's ear, trying to make him under- stand something.
58) 7) text: Simon and the others, except Florine, who is yelling at the deaf man, get the signal.
61) 0) text: (The pavement and sidewalk are still glistening wet - for effect) This is at the stage entrance. The action here is rapid and an atmosphere of silence prevails. Simon cautions everyone to be quiet and not to talk. The traveling barouche is the only vehicle in evidence. The mob has finished gathering here, now five hund- dred strong. They are still in groups, still con- cealing the mysterious packages under their coats. MED CLOSE GROUP AROUND STAGE DOORвЂ™ BLUE Simon, at a high pitch of excitement, is ringing the night bell. Florine is standing nearby with the cealed packages sticking up under the back of his coat It is evident that all in the picture are concealing something. The door is opened from the inside by a night watchman carrying a lantern. He is startled by the crowd before him, startled by their mysterious menacing faces. Simon gives the word and although the night watchman tries to close the door, the mob sweeps past him carrying him along with them.
63) 4) dialog: BACK: The audience first sees what is happening. There is a gust of wind from the corridor stairs. It blows the drape which is lying obliquely over the coffin in such a manner that it looks like a man's head moving behind it. Florine now sees this. But he is tired of being afraid. He picks up a club which one of the mob left. He sneaks up to the imaginary head, takes aim and gives it a terrible whollop. The blow reveals the coffin and knocks it over. It reels over twice and comes to rest face up. Florine drops the club and tears out of the room.