5) 0) text: Buck and Libby have stopped in the doorway, but Arlo can’ stop, tumbles past them, rolling out onto the farm. He lo up, sees the THREE GIGANTIC MOUNTAIN PEAKS behind the cab Poppa joins Arlo. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 5.
7) 0) text: Arlo carries the bucket of feed toward the chicken pen. He swallows. It’s ominous. He’s nervous, doesn’t want to in there. He steps in cautiously, begins tossing the corn on the ground. RUSTLE OF BUSHES. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 7.
8) 0) text: Poppa at the silo, working. Momma, Buck, and Libby nearby Arlo runs past Poppa heading straight toward the river! P stretches out his tail, grabs Arlo, curling him up close.
12) 0) text: ON LIBBY: Making her mark. Momma and Poppa, next to Libby proud. Arlo watches from afar, still with the bucket of corn fee BAWK. Arlo turns, sees the flock of chickens staring at h Arlo screams, running by Momma, Poppa, and Libby -- chase the chickens. He bumps into Buck, who is stacking trees. Buck’s whole pile gets knocked down.
13) 0) text: ON ARLO: Looking longingly at the family’s marks on the s The rock next to Poppa’s, waiting for his mark. Arlo’s determined.
14) 0) text: Arlo marches into frame, the bucket of feed around his ne He’s in “Barney Fife” mode, full of false bravado. Arlo marches across the field, opens the chicken pen gate The chickens stick their heads up out of the bushes, cluc and scratching.
14) 1) dialog: Alright you cluckers, you're about to get fed! He stalks toward the flock.
14) 4) dialog: Buck! What happened?!
14) 6) dialog: You’re gonna be okay.
14) 8) dialog: I-I’1ll go get help! ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 12. A shadow slowly rises behind Arlo. Arlo turns and sees a
14) 12) dialog: I should've known! Arlo, furious, whacks the disguise away. He starts poundi Buck in the chest, but Buck is unaffected by the hits.
14) 13) dialog: You always gotta mess me up! Buck has had enough.
14) 18) dialog: I ain’t a coward! And I’m gonna make my mark, just like you and Libby and everyone! ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 13.
14) 20) dialog: Forget it. I didn’t even want that dumb mark anyway. Arlo stalks off. Momma looks to Poppa: “We gotta do something.”
17) 0) text: It’s scary out here, NIGHTTIME SOUNDS, dark shadows. Arlo stays close to Poppa. A HOWL goes up! Arlo shudders, looks back, and sees how far they are from cabin. The wilderness beyond the fence surrounding them. can just make out the big Clawtooth Mountain peaks rising the dark.
17) 1) dialog: Where’re we goin’? ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 14.
17) 4) dialog: By myself?
17) 6) dialog: Poppa. Poppa. Poppa comes over. Arlo is frozen.
17) 9) dialog: Wow! Poppa smiles, runs, whooping through the grass, fireflies lifting off all around him, like shimmering stars. Arlo l it, follows. Arlo and Poppa running through the field together, chasin fireflies, making the night dance. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 15. Poppa jumps, BOOM! His big feet landing -- creating a cir of fireflies rippling out into the tall grass and up into starry sky. Poppa’s tail comes around Arlo. And Arlo leans into his Poppa, content, safe. Poppa looks down at Arlo.
19) 0) text: Angry, Poppa kicks the corn on the ground. Arlo stands next to him at the silo, sees the rocks from silo on the ground, the scattered half eaten corn cobs.
19) 6) dialog: I'll take care of the critter, Poppa. It won't stand a chance.
20) 0) text: Arlo marches in front of the silo, guarding it. He carrie the giant stick Poppa left. A BEETLE flies by and Arlo darts for it.
20) 1) dialog: What’re you doing, you bug?! Get outta here... Arlo chases it off. A leaf falls nearby.
20) 2) dialog: Move along leaf! Move along! The leaf floats off. Arlo is pleased with himself but the ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 17. THE RATTLE OF THE TRAP SOUNDS. ON ARLO: He freezes, turns slowly toward the trap. Scary THRASHING SOUNDS come from the trap. Arlo prepares himself with his big stick, goes to investigate. The horrible thrashing sounds grow louder with each step takes... getting closer... closer... He lifts his head over the tall grass and finds an animal struggling in the trap. The critter is pissed off, scream and fighting the trap. Suddenly, the critter turns toward Arlo! Arlo ducks back down, hiding in the brush. Beat. The critter bites at the trap, pushing toward Arlo. Scare Arlo moves back toward the silo. But then Arlo swallows, gets determined. This is his job! He raises the stick over his head preparing for the kill.
20) 3) dialog: Y-Y-You’re dead critter. Arlo notices the ropes are biting into the critter, hurti it. It is choking and close to death. The critter looks up -- its gaze is penetrating -- connec with Arlo. Arlo can’t do it, he lowers the branch. Arlo moves to the side -- still well away from the critte and springs the trap. The ropes fall from the critter, an now see it’s a HUMAN BOY. The boy, shocked, looks at the loosened ropes around his feet. THUNDER in the distance, a storm is approaching.
20) 4) dialog: Okay... you’re free. The boy/critter sniffs toward Arlo.
20) 5) dialog: W-W-What are you doing? Jus-just leave! Flee! ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 18. But the boy/critter keeps coming. Arlo backs away.
20) 6) dialog: Stay back. Go! BAM. Arlo trips over a rock. The boy/critter is almost on him! It’s too much, Arlo is terrified. He screams! Arlo’s yell startles the boy/critter, it takes off into t high grass, running on all fours.
20) 8) dialog: Poppa rushes up, sees the critter take off into the wilderness. Poppa can’t believe it!
20) 10) dialog: It was was bitin’, and comin' at me and screechin’... and I --
21) 0) text: They get to the fence, Arlo hesitates looking out at the scary wilderness. It’s starting to rain.
21) 1) dialog: Out there? Poppa turns.
22) 0) text: Arlo looks back at the farm as it vanishes in the distanc The wind is getting strong. Arlo looks up. Storm clouds s above. He stays very close to Poppa, trying to be tough.
22) 1) dialog: But Poppa, what if we get lost? Poppa stays intent on his tracking, still frustrated with Arlo.
22) 4) dialog: Uh, uh t-t-tracks?
22) 8) dialog: Poppa, wait! Poppa keeps pushing forward.
22) 11) dialog: But I’m not like you.
22) 17) dialog: Poppa! Poppa struggles to climb up the ledge. The flood water tumbling toward him.
22) 18) dialog: Poppa! Poppa! POPPA! Poppa looks to Arlo just as the WALL OF WATER HITS. CUT TO BLACK.
23) 0) text: ON POPPA GRAVE MARKER: Fresh flowers. Pan over to the farm. Crops once lush are going fallow. Poppa’s death has brought very hard times for the family. They are all out working hard, harvesting. Buck and Libby work a few rows away from Arlo and Momma. Momma has a huge load of corn on her back. Clearly tired, starts to walk, stumbles to the ground. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 22.
23) 1) dialog: Momma ! Arlo runs to her.
23) 4) dialog: Don’t worry Momma. I won’t let us starve.
24) 0) text: Arlo sees the footprints on the silo. He looks at Poppa’s mark, the blank stone next to it. Beat as he feels the loss of his father. But he has to do job for Momma... Arlo uses his mouth to pull a rock loose from the silo, s it on the ground. He takes a corn stalk from his back and strips it against the rock. He throws the cob into the si Arlo reaches for another stalk... A corn cob flies out of the silo -- HALF EATEN. A second eaten corn cob flies out. Arlo is shocked.
25) 0) text: Arlo looks into the dark silo and sees the human boy eati corn! The boy throws a corn cob over his back. It hits Ar in the face.
25) 1) dialog: You! The boy turns, sees Arlo, spits out another corn cob. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 23.
25) 2) dialog: You've got some nerve comin’ here... The boy stalks toward Arlo. But Arlo is angry, lunges at critter. The boy dodges him.
26) 0) text: The boy is fast, jumps out of the way, down onto Arlo’s b The boy grabs a stalk of corn, leaps to the ground and ru
26) 1) dialog: It’s all your fault! The boy moves swiftly on all fours. Arlo chases him, biti at him, trying to grab hold of the stalk.
26) 2) dialog: My poppa would still be alive if it weren't for you! Arlo gets ahold of the stalk of corn, but the boy doesn’t go. Instead the boy climbs on top of Arlo’s face, freakin Arlo out! Trying to get the critter off, Arlo twirls in circles, suddenly falling backward -- SPLASH: INTO THE RIVER!
27) 0) text: Arlo tumbles in the water, gasping for air! He sees the farm receding.
27) 1) dialog: Help -- Arlo gets pulled under, he leaps for air.
27) 2) dialog: 
28) 0) text: Arlo slowly comes to, his body beached on a small sandbar struggles to stand, in shock, dazed, his body aching. He stumbles to the rocky beach. His feet and legs are scratched and bleeding. He feels a bruise on his head. Grimaces in pain. He looks up, around the sandbar, trying to get his bearin He’s surrounded by cliff walls.
28) 1) dialog: Momma? No reply.
28) 2) dialog: Momma! Nothing. Scared, Arlo tries to climb up the cliff wall, but his fe stops him, the loose dirt crumbling under his feet. He sl and falls all the way back down to the rocky beach. He la on the ground a moment, bruised and battered, catching hi breath. A HOWL goes up. Startled, Arlo looks up and sees a figure at the top of t cliff. It’s the same critter/boy from the farm! The boy l down at Arlo, in what seems like curiosity. Arlo isn’t curious -- he’s pissed!
28) 3) dialog: You! Furious, Arlo propels himself up the cliff to get at the
28) 4) dialog: I -- I should have killed you... the first time. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 25. The boy just sits at the edge of the cliff, watching, as ineptly gets up the cliff. Arlo lifts his head up over the ledge. He uses his neck t inch forward toward the boy.
28) 5) dialog: This is all your fault! He bites at the boy, trying to get ahold of him. The boy quietly watches Arlo’s struggle.
28) 6) dialog: Get over here! Get over here! Suddenly, the boy tries to climb on Arlo’s face again!
28) 7) dialog: Ah! Get away! Get AWAY! GET AWAY!
28) 9) dialog: That's right, you better run! PSSHHHH. The SOUND OF A GEYSER echoes through the wildern Arlo sees the geysers lining a far ridge. The highest poi Arlo can see, which means the best place to see his surroundings.
29) 0) text: Arlo climbs to the top of the ridge, the WIND WHISTLING around him and he sees... vast miles of unpopulated wilderness.
29) 1) dialog: Where am I? Arlo turns in circles, his panic growing. On all sides, j more wilderness.
29) 2) dialog: Where’s home? ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 26. He spots the river in the valley below him, going on for miles and miles... and Arlo realizes...
29) 3) dialog: As long as you can find the river, you can find your way home. Arlo starts his journey upriver.
30) 0) text: Arlo, tired, hungry, following the river through the wood He seems very small in this big world. He looks for food, finds nothing. SQUISH. Arlo steps on berries scattered on the ground. He tastes the squashed fruit off his foot... it’s pretty goo His stomach GROWLS. Arlo looks up the hillside, a BERRY T
31) 0) text: Arlo balances on a boulder, trying to reach the berries hanging high in a tree. The boulder tilts down the small incline... Arlo almost l his balance, but catches himself. His hunger is making hi more daring. He stretches his neck forward, blowing on th berries to get them to swing closer to him. He tries to g them with his teeth. Almost got them -- CRACK. The boulder gives way, tumbling down the slope. Ar crashes to the ground! BAM... BAM. Arlo lays there stunned, frustrated. He picks himself up BUT HIS FOOT IS CAUGHT. He pulls, but it’s stuck fast bet boulders. Arlo panics, pulling harder, but his foot won’t budge.
32) 0) text: It’s dark now... and Arlo is still stuck. We see Arlo’s panicked track marks all around the boulder evidence of his day-long struggle to pull himself free. He curls up, cold, scared, alone. A scary animal ROARS fr the deep woods... it’s something big! What is out there? ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 27. It CRIES OUT again. Arlo is not safe out here. He curls u tighter, just the moon for company.
33) 0) text: Arlo wakes up, not sure for a moment where he is. Then he remembers... looks at his foot... but it’s free now, the earth dug out from under his foot. Arlo is stunned. He sees human tracks in the dirt. The same tracks he saw around the silo and leading into the mountain pass...
34) 0) text: Arlo walking along the river through the wilderness. He limps, still bruised from his fall. It starts to drizzle, SOFT THUNDER. Arlo keeps going -- b quickly he is cold and shivering. WILDERNESS CRITTERS scurry across the ground. The drizzle turns into rain. Arlo’s footprints become puddles. THUNDERCLAP. Arlo collects sticks to build a makeshift shelter. But af only propping up three sticks, they tumble to the ground. Nearby creatures are nestled in their dwellings, dry, saf Arlo notices one FURRY CRITTER, sitting under an overhung rock, has taken particular interest in watching Arlo’s efforts. Arlo tries positioning larger branches, and has more succ He sits inside his shelter, proud, smiling at the critter under the rock. The critter keeps staring. Arlo sticks hi tongue out at it. DRIP. DRIP. SPLASH. A puddle pours down onto Arlo’s face. The critter squeaks, as if laughing at Arlo. It goes away comes back with TWO OTHER CRITTERS (implying “let’s watch this”). They all squeak, staring at Arlo. Arlo groans, frustrated.
34) 2) dialog: You again?! The boy lays the lizard in front of Arlo.
34) 3) dialog: Get outta here! The boy steps back a few paces, looks at Arlo. Arlo looks the stunned lizard in front of him. What am I supposed to with that? The boy looks at Arlo. Waits. The lizard comes awake, runs off. The boy growls at Arlo and leaves, rushing back into the brush.
34) 6) dialog: I told you to STAY... AWAY... from... me... He devours them. The boy keeps an eye on Arlo as he climb a nearby boulder, his face showing no emotion. It’s just fact, you have to eat. The rain has stopped.
34) 7) dialog: I... am still... going to squeeze the life out of you. The berries are gone, just the empty stick left. Arlo tur to the boy.
34) 8) dialog: But before I do... can you find me some more? The boy just stares at him.
34) 9) dialog: Uh... here. More of these. Arlo picks up the stick with his mouth. The boy still sta
34) 10) dialog: You know... um... nom nom nom. Arlo pretends to chew the stick. The boy grabs the other end of the stick, starts pulling He’s playing tug of war.
34) 11) dialog: No... no... Stop! What are you doing? Arlo lets go, the boy gnaws on the branch. Suddenly, the boy takes off.
34) 12) dialog: H-Hey, wait! Arlo gets up, sees the boy dashing away on all fours.
34) 13) dialog: Are you taking me to the berries? Arlo checks to make sure the river is in sight, follows t boy. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 30.
35) 0) text: There’s a cliff wall ahead. The boy jumps onto a nearby leaning tree, running across it like a squirrel. He jumps down to a ledge, scampers up the cliff. Arlo follows.
35) 1) dialog: Where are you going? The ground beneath Arlo narrows, each step becoming more precarious as they make their way up the cliff. Arlo pres his body tightly against the wall. Rocks crumble beneath tumbling to the ground far below. The boy stops. The ledge ends, with a huge gap to the oth side. The boy thinks a moment.
35) 2) dialog: I-I knew it! I’m gonna die out here because of you! The boy turns to Arlo, starts pushing Arlo’s feet out fro underneath him. Arlo stumbles, trying to keep his balance
35) 3) dialog: Hey -- hey -- hey -- hey -- hey, what are you doing? N-N-No, s-stop! The boy gets behind Arlo and starts pushing him toward th gap!
35) 4) dialog: Hey... hey! NO! STOP! The boy bites Arlo’s leg! Arlo yelps, losing his balance crashing forward... He barely catches himself with his te clinging to the opposing cliff edge. He’s stretched out across the gap, the tip of his tail holding the other sid The boy scampers across him -- he’s made Arlo into a brid The boy climbs over Arlo’s face, stepping on his eyes.
35) 5) dialog: Ow! OW!! Why you little... come back here! The boy sniffs ahead. His body shivers, his foot taps. He found something! The boy looks back at Arlo, happily pant Now Arlo sees them too...
35) 6) dialog: Berries! ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 31. Arlo is suddenly full of energy. He drops his tail and propels himself up the opposing ledge. He runs toward the berry bush. The boy starts to growl. Arlo walks past him, but the boy jumps between Arlo and the berries, growling fiercely.
35) 7) dialog: What’s with you? Th-they’re right here. The boy just gets louder and louder. Arlo pushes him away with his foot.
35) 8) dialog: Crazy critter. Arlo breaks off a branch with berries... and a SERPENT-LI CREATURE falls onto his face! Arlo yelps in surprise and falls off the ledge!
36) 0) text: Arlo’s fall is broken by a patch of aspen trees below. As stands up, the snake rises up in front of him. Suddenly the boy jumps between Arlo and the snake. The sn lunges at the boy, but the boy attacks it! The two have a vicious fight, but the boy is tough, break free from the snake’s coil and head-butts the beast... it squirms away into the nearby brush. Arlo runs next to the boy for safety. The boy shifts from attack mode to happy canine, looking up at Arlo. Arlo smi back but then...
36) 2) dialog: Hello?
36) 7) dialog: I-I don’t know -- I’m going home. Do you know how far Clawtooth Mountain is? The bird tweets again.
36) 9) dialog: W-Why?
36) 17) dialog: A name? I don’t know.
36) 23) dialog: Uh... Grubby! The boy continues digging, looking for food.
36) 25) dialog: Uh... Cooty!
36) 27) dialog: Uh... Squirt!
36) 29) dialog: Stinky!
36) 31) dialog: F-Funky!
36) 33) dialog: Spike!
36) 35) dialog: Spot! The boy turns and looks up at Arlo. Arlo smiles.
36) 36) dialog: Spot! C-C-Come here, Spot! Come here! The boy runs over to him.
37) 0) text: Arlo and Spot continue their journey upriver.
38) 1) dialog: W-Where you going? I-I need to get home. Spot leads Arlo to a GOPHER-LIKE CRITTER hidden in a bush chases after it, tries to jump on the gopher. It disappea down into a hole in the ground. Spot takes a deep breath and blows into the hole. THOOP. A gopher pops out of a different hole, Spot laughs. It’s game! ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 36. Arlo smiles, gives it a go. He takes a deep breath, and b into a hole. THOO... A gopher comes up only halfway out of a hole, fal back down. The boy blows into a different hole. THOOP. THOOP. Two gophers fly into the air. He turns to A smiles. Arlo tries again. THOO... Three gophers, stacked on top of each other, push halfway out of a hole, fall back down. The boy blows again. THOOP. THOOP. THOOP. Three gophers fly out! Arlo’s jealous, takes a huge breath, blows as hard as he THOOP. THOOP. THOOP. THOOP. THOOP. THOOOP. THOOOP. THOOP. DOZENS OF GOPHERS fly into the air! They rain down on Arl and the boy, who is utterly delighted. The gophers all turn and look at Arlo, angry. They come a him en mass, crawling up his legs! Arlo runs screaming -- stepping on the creatures as he goes. Arlo looks back. The beasts sink back into their holes. Whew! That was close. THOOP. A gopher appears in front of Arlo, bites him! Arlo stumbles backward, slipping into a small lake!
39) 0) text: Panicked in the water, he flails his body around, gasping air. Spot jumps in, joins him, doggy paddling in circles. Arlo tries to imitate Spot, kicking his legs to get forwa momentum. He’s doing it! He’s swimming! Spot leads him to edge, jumps out of the water, shakes off. Arlo steps out of the water, proud of himself... but is covered in LEECHES! He screams and runs off. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 37.
40) 0) text: Fruit lies on the ground. Arlo eats as much as he can, offers some to Spot. Spot looks up to the fruit in the tree, then at the fruit the ground. BUGS swarm around the half rotted berries. Spot starts laughing, his eyes becoming slits. Arlo laugh too. Spot's face starts to grow... what’s happening? Arlo now FIVE EYES. Their vision warps! What is in this fruit? The can’t stop laughing! They leap into the air in a shared, happy hallucination. FADE TO WHITE.
41) 0) text: Arlo and Spot recover from their fruit hangover. Spot’s h hurts. Arlo’s gotten his head wedged in a tree trunk.
42) 0) text: PREHISTORIC CRITTERS get comfortable together, nestling d in their nests for the night. Arlo and Spot walk along the river through a meadow. A light flickers in front of Arlo, it’s a FIREFLY!
42) 1) dialog: Spot, watch this! Arlo brushes his tail through the tall grass. HUNDREDS OF FIREFLIES fly up into the night sky. Spot’s eyes go wide. He chases after the fireflies, jumpi in the air trying to catch them in flight. Arlo joins him running through the meadow. They come to a rock overhang at the river's edge. Spot catches a firefly with his hands, studies it. Arlo gently blows on it, the firefly glows bright. Spot l it go and they watch it fly up into the night sky. Arlo smiles. But then... his smile fades.
42) 2) dialog: I miss -- I miss my family. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 38. Spot looks at him, doesn't understand.
42) 3) dialog: Family. Spot doesn’t get it. Arlo uses sticks as effigies, placing one in the ground a his feet.
42) 4) dialog: That’s me. Arlo puts three more effigies down.
42) 5) dialog: There’s Libby, and Buck, and Momma Arlo stops. Considers, emotional. Then places the last effigy.
42) 6) dialog: And -- and Poppa. He draws a circle around them in the sand.
42) 7) dialog: Family. Spot approaches, sniffing, studying the group, curious bu confused.
42) 8) dialog: You don’t understand... Arlo looks down.
42) 9) dialog: That’s okay. Arlo rests his head on the sand. Spot rushes off, rustlin a nearby bush. He comes back... breaks twigs. He sets down three crude, human effigies, two large and, between them, a smaller on Spot draws a circle around them.
42) 10) dialog: Yes. That’s your family. Spot looks at the effigies of his family, then lays down two larger effigies -- his parents. Covers them with sand ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 39. He looks at Arlo. Beat. Arlo realizes they have died. He looks at his Poppa’s eff considering. Then Arlo lays it down, covers it in sand. H rests his head against the small mound.
42) 11) dialog: I miss him. He feels something -- looks over. Spot is there, nestled against Arlo, patting his leg in comfort. Spot returns to his own effigies, puts his hand on his parents’ mounds and howls. Arlo watches Spot mourn the loss of his parents. Arlo loo down at Poppa’s mound, rests his paw on it, joins Spot’s howls. They howl into the night.
43) 0) text: ON ARLO: Sleeping under the overhang. Arlo wakes up and finds Spot curled in the nook of his ar snoring. Spot starts running in his sleep, pouncing onto Arlo’s nose, waking himself up. Arlo smiles. Spot stretches, letting out a big yawn. He walks off, scratching the ground, sniffing. Arlo stands up, greets the beautiful morning. He hears something, looks over at the boy. Spot is behind a rock, back toward us -- a DRIZZLING NOISE coming from his direction. It stops. The boy turns and looks at Arlo. Arlo realizes he’s watching Spot relieve himself, and, embarrassed, turns away. The drizzling noise starts again. Arlo sneaks a look back around, where did Spot go? He’s further away, up the hill The WIND picks up. Arlo sees dark clouds moving in. EXT. RIVER’S EDGE - DAY Arlo and Spot walk along the river. The wind stirs up the dirt, making it hard to see. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 40. Arlo follows Spot, but as debris begins to fly at them on strong wind, Arlo gets nervous, slows down. Spot is tenacious, keeps pushing forward.
43) 1) dialog: We should stop! Spot doesn’t hear, pushes on. BOOM. THUNDER crashes, Arlo flinches. Menacing storm clou form overhead, lightning flashes!
43) 2) dialog: Stop! BOOM! The thunder grows louder. CRASH! Lightning flashes close by.
44) 0) text: Arlo running through the woods, scared, distracted, slapp by branches, the storm raging over him. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 41. Arlo dodges in different directions -- scared, gets turne around. BOOM. THUNDER. Arlo trips over debris on the ground, sees a fallen tree, huge ROOT BALL exposed. He crawls under the roots, presse himself into the earth, trying to feel safe again. CUT TO BLACK.
45) 0) text: The storm has passed. It's devastation -- trees knocked o everywhere. Spot appears, sniffs Arlo. He moves a fallen fir branch a finds Arlo curled up under the root ball. Arlo sees Spot, comes out of his shelter. He looks around his panic growing as he realizes...
45) 1) dialog: W-Where's the river? I-I've lost the river?! He runs forward, looking, turning, looking.
45) 2) dialog: I'M NEVER GETTING HOME! I’m never getting home. He crumbles. Suddenly a shadow passes over. Arlo looks up -- sees FIVE PTERODACTYLS flying in formation, like military search an rescue.
45) 3) dialog: Help! Spot looks up and sees the Pterodactyls. Arlo runs after them.
45) 4) dialog: Help! HELP! FROM PTERODACTYLS’ POV ABOVE: Arlo is just a small green in a world of devastation. WITH ARLO: The Pterodactyls bank and come back. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 42. One lands on a hardened geyser pool in front of Arlo, THUNDERCLAP. He's tall, confident, on a mission. COLDFRON and DOWNPOUR land behind him. The others continue flying above, looking for something.
45) 6) dialog: No, I'm not hurt. Thunderclap scans the grounds.
45) 8) dialog: Wait, I need to get home, Clawtooth Mountain.
45) 10) dialog: Yes!
45) 12) dialog: My name's Arlo. Thunderclap laughs, catching himself.
45) 14) dialog: The storm? ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 43.
45) 16) dialog: You mean a revelation?
45) 18) dialog: Wow.
45) 22) dialog: Thunderclap. C-Can you help me get home?
45) 30) dialog: It's a critter.
45) 36) dialog: I-I'm -- I need to get home.
45) 41) dialog: H-He’s hiding. Over there, b-by that big rock. Arlo points opposite where Spot is. Downpour scrabbles ov the debris. Coldfront follows. Thunderclap stays behind. doesn’t buy it. He stares at Arlo, fierce, intimidating. Beat. Arlo, worried, quickly glances over at Spot. Thunderclap follows his gaze and sees Spot. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 46.
45) 43) dialog: No! Spot runs -- slipping away from Thunderclap’s violent gra
45) 44) dialog: Spot! Arlo runs to Spot, picks him up, and flees!
46) 0) text: Arlo runs, Pterodactyls following, cackling in the chase.
46) 3) dialog: Oh... help!
47) 0) text: Arlo runs toward the long neck, the Pterodactyls getting closer.
47) 1) dialog: 
47) 6) dialog: Y-Y-Yes.
47) 9) dialog: Hm, he likes you. Nash leans in close to her.
47) 15) dialog: Yes sir, I don’t. I’m tryin’ to get home, but I lost the river. Please, my Momma needs me!
47) 17) dialog: Do you know where the river is?
47) 19) dialog: B-By Clawtooth Mountain? I-It has three points?
47) 26) dialog: Wait -- but -- what if we can help
47) 28) dialog: Spot can sniff out anything! I seen him do it! Butch turns.
47) 29) dialog: He can find your longhorns. Ramsey snatches the FUR PELT out of Nash’s hands.
47) 31) dialog: Come on, Spot. Sniff it out boy. Spot quickly moves off into the canyon ahead.
47) 32) dialog: Good boy, Spot! The trio follows after Arlo and Spot. Butch doesn’t like ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 50.
48) 0) text: The search party makes their way through the open range, giant T. rexes following tiny Spot. Suddenly Spot shivers, his leg taps the ground. Arlo know what that means...
48) 1) dialog: He’s got something! Spot lunges to the ground, grabbing a BUG. Eats it.
48) 6) dialog: Wait. Do longhorns have feathers? Butch leans over, sees the feather.
48) 8) dialog: Rustlers? Butch spots a DEAD LONGHORN in the tumbleweed.
49) 0) text: The tracks have disappeared over a rise. The T. rexes sto get on their bellies. Arlo joins them belly crawling to t edge of the rise. There below them, out in Big Sky Country, is the HERD OF LONGHORNS. No sign of any other dinosaurs.
49) 1) dialog: I don’t see any rustlers.
49) 3) dialog: So... how far did you say that watering hole was?
49) 5) dialog: I’m not really good at jobs -- Butch gestures to the right flank of the herd.
49) 7) dialog: What?
49) 9) dialog: Uh... but, who’s out there?
49) 11) dialog: Don’t move? What if they have claws and big teeth?
49) 16) dialog: N-N-N-Nothin’.
49) 18) dialog: Uh... A-Ar-Arl-Arlo.
50) 0) text: Arlo and Spot herd the longhorns onward with Butch, Ramse and Nash.
51) 0) text: Over wide shot of the campfire, we hear... A HARMONICA PLAYING... We see it’s Nash playing a BUG HARMONICA. He, Butch, Rams Arlo, and Spot are gathered around the fire, sitting on g logs. Ramsey uses a stick to play with Spot. Spot pulls on the stick, growling. Ramsey loves it.
51) 4) dialog: Thanks, but Spot ain’t for tradin’. Come here, Spot. Come here. Spot lets go of Ramsey’s stick, runs over to Arlo.
51) 9) dialog: What happened?
51) 11) dialog: Woah. Nash puts his foot in the fire, feels nothing.
51) 21) dialog: Butch, how’d you get your scar?
51) 23) dialog: I can take it.
51) 27) dialog: Woah.
51) 36) dialog: You guys would’ve liked my Poppa. He wasn’t scared of anything. Arlo thinking of his father -- Butch clocks this moment, waits.
51) 37) dialog: I’m done being scared.
51) 39) dialog: But you took on a croc.
51) 42) dialog: The first snow.
51) 44) dialog: And I gotta get home to Momma.
52) 5) dialog: There it is... Clawtooth Mountain, there’s home!
52) 9) dialog: Thanks. I sure appreciate you lookin’ out for me. Arlo and Spot take off for the mountain pass.
53) 0) text: Arlo and Spot, back on the river, Clawtooth Mountain in t distance! They’re headed home... Spot jumps onto Arlo’s back, climbs up to the top of his head, enjoying the ride. They run into a MUSTERING OF WADING BIRDS. Without hesitation, Arlo runs straight toward the flock. He and S roar! Birds flying on either side of them, Spot howls. Arlo how back. Spot loves it.
54) 0) text: Arlo leaps up the rocky terrain. He tosses Spot up into t clouds. Spot flies so high, he goes above the cloud cover and see glimpses of the sun, then falls back to Arlo. Spot signals upward, asks Arlo to do it again. Arlo throw him up, catches him again. Spot signals for them to climb the peak, he wants to show Arlo. Arlo peeks his head through the clouds. They watch the su beginning to set behind the peaks of Clawtooth Mountain. wondrous sight to share. They look to each other, smile. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 63.
54) 1) dialog: Wow.
55) 0) text: Spot and Arlo running -- the wind kicks up. Far away, a RUMBLE OF THUNDER... They come up over a hill line and see the base of Clawtoo Mountain, home’s just on the other side!
55) 1) dialog: It’s so close... we’re almost there, Spot. Arlo howls in excitement! Spot gets caught up in the ener howls too! ANOTHER HOWL RESPONDS. Arlo slows down, Spot goes on alert -- looking all around Spot howls again. Now he and Arlo see... a FIGURE on a ridge ahead. The fig returns their calls. Spot jumps from Arlo’s back and cautiously makes his way forward. ON A RIDGE: The silhouette of a HUMAN. Arlo is riveted, watching as Spot moves away, toward the human. The human figure moves forward. Spot sniffs forward, movi further away from Arlo... ON ARLO: Concerned, seeing that Spot might leave him. The human moves down the ridge... Spot walks closer. Worried, Arlo scoops Spot up onto his back.
55) 2) dialog: We need to get home. Arlo leaves the tree line, heading upriver. Spot looks back to the human one last time, then turns ba toward Arlo. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 64. Arlo looks back, the human is out of sight. BOOM... BOOM.
56) 0) text: Arlo and Spot hurrying along toward Clawtooth Mountain.
56) 1) dialog: You're gonna love it, Spot. You’1l have a warm place to sleep, right next to me. And all the corn you can eat. There’s lots of space to run around... It’ll be your farm too. WIND picks up...
56) 2) dialog: We'll all look after it together... It’s starting to rain. Arlo sees storm clouds cover the mountain pass. The groun wet. It is very similar to the day he and his father walk into the pass. Lightning flashes, Arlo flinches.
56) 3) dialog: I can't. Nervous, he backs away. But then he sees something that m him stop... What looks like a shark fin, cutting through the clouds a him. First one, then another... there are five of them, circling! CRACK. Lightning flash. We see the silhouettes of Pterodactyls above the clouds. ON ARLO: Oh no... Cackles echo across the pass. It all happens very fast. The Pterodactyls dive down out the clouds, straight at Arlo. They scratch his side, driv him up the ridge to a MASSIVE CLIFF! Arlo is trapped -- f below a giant BRIAR BUSH. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 65. Like a shark attack, the Pterodactyls dive and beat at Ar talons and wings in his face. They are hurting him, drawi blood. Arlo spins, frightened, unable to fight. WHOOSH! Thunderclap swoops down, grabs ahold of Spot! Arlo quickly grabs onto Spot’s arm, tugging the other way
56) 4) dialog: No! Spot reaches for Arlo, fights, but can’t get himself free
56) 5) dialog: 
56) 7) dialog: S-Spot!! The other Pterodactyls snap at Arlo. He stumbles, sliding the ridge and falling down into the brambles below.
57) 0) text: The brambles wrap tightly around Arlo as he tumbles to th ground. The Pterodactyls can’t get to him... he’s deep in the vin They leave, chasing after Thunderclap, who is carrying Sp into the mountain pass. Arlo struggles in the brambles, trying to keep sight of S
57) 1) dialog: 
57) 3) dialog: No! SpoTt!! ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 66. Arlo gives one last pull against the brambles. A piece of rock is pulled loose, hits Arlo in the head. Arlo’s vision blurs, his hearing RINGING. BOOM. BOOM. Something is moving toward him. And it’s very large. CRACK. CRACK. Brambles are broken away... And there is Poppa. Arlo is shocked.
57) 4) dialog: Poppa? Poppa’s energy is fatherly, protective, as we saw him las
57) 5) dialog: Poppa? Arlo still processing, this can’t be real. Poppa helps hi stand.
57) 6) dialog: You're alive?! I-I can’t -- I can’t believe it, it’s you! Poppa puts his tail around Arlo, hurries him along, away the storm. Arlo leans into his Poppa, content, safe. BOOM. BOOM. CRACK. Arlo looks up at the storm, realizes..
57) 7) dialog: But my friend, Spot -- Poppa keeps walking.
57) 8) dialog: H-He helped me and now he’s in trouble. We have to go back! Poppa keeps walking, his tail around Arlo.
57) 9) dialog: Poppa, stop. Poppa doesn’t stop. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 67.
57) 10) dialog: Stop! He doesn’t respond. Arlo slows down, Poppa’s tail slides around him... Arlo stops.
57) 11) dialog: Poppa? Beat. Arlo realizes that Poppa isn’t leaving footprints.
57) 12) dialog: You're not here. Poppa stops.
57) 13) dialog: I’m scared... but Spot needs me. I blamed him for what happened to you, but -- it wasn’t his fault. Poppa turns to Arlo.
57) 14) dialog: So I gotta go help him. Because... I love him. Poppa goes to Arlo.
58) 0) text: The storm is raging, the sky dark. A storm cell circles around the mountain peaks. Arlo runs up the mountain, howling as loud as he can. Lightning strikes the ground around him. A bolt hits a tr ahead, Arlo dodges it just in time. Arlo climbs a massive boulder, looks around searching for Spot. He howls again. Waits... Spot returns his call! Arlo runs toward him.
59) 0) text: Arlo finds the Pterodactyls at the river, around a DEAD T TRUNK. Spot is inside the tree, clearly hurt, trying to protect himself but vulnerable.
59) 4) dialog: Spot! Thunderclap dives for Spot in the trunk, determined. He W have this meal.
59) 5) dialog: Spot! Thunderclap snaps at Spot with his beak. The RIVER IS RISING around the tree, fast! Arlo fights against the grips of Downpour and Coldfront, reaches for Spot. Thunderclap claws at Spot, forcing him deeper into the tr but water is gushing into the trunk! Arlo strains against the Pterodactyls’ grips, they’ve pul him midair. Arlo turns and sees they’ve flown near a fir tree. He spins around in the Pterodactyls’ grips, uses hi tail to whack into the trunk. CRACK! The tree snaps in ha Downpour and Coldfront lose their grip, dropping Arlo. Th are smashed by the tree, falling into the river’s rushing waters! They are swept away. Spot cries out. Arlo looks to Spot. The tree trunk is nearly submerged -- Spot is defenseless, forced to the top of the tree by the water. THUNDERCLAP IS ABOUT TO REACH SPOT!
59) 9) dialog: Spot! Arlo runs, trying to outpace the flood.
59) 10) dialog: 
59) 12) dialog: BAM! The flood water hits Arlo midair, he’s knocked into water by the debris.
60) 0) text: Arlo struggles to swim in the current. Debris cuts into h skin. He resurfaces, searches for Spot.
60) 1) dialog: Spot! The current pulls him back under, he resurfaces, gasping air and sees... SPOT! Unconscious, floating in the tree. Arlo hears the ROAR OF A WATERFALL, trees crashing over t edge. Arlo swims toward Spot! Spot’s eyes start to open... Arlo fights the current. A massive tree is headed toward its limbs sticking out like spikes. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 71. Arlo dives down, swims beneath it, the branches cutting i him. He doesn’t flinch, determined to reach Spot. He resurfaces... Arlo is almost to Spot... but they are quickly approachin the waterfall! Spot’s tree submerges. He jumps -- swims toward Arlo. Arlo stretches his neck out, trying to reach Spot. The falls approach -- they are almost to one another... A they go over the falls, Arlo makes one last push and is a to get Spot cradled in an embrace. And they are gone. Beat. Arlo resurfaces carrying an unconscious Spot. Arlo paddle shore. He crumbles to the ground, gently laying Spot on his leg. Arlo nudges Spot, trying to wake him. Spot doesn’t move. Beat. Arlo gently blows on Spot. Spot coughs, opens his eyes. They look to each other, smile. “We’re okay.” Arlo lays h head down, closes his eyes in exhaustion.
61) 0) text: No more rain. Spot on Arlo’s back -- they climb the incline toward home Arlo strong, confident. They crest the ridge -- there below them is Arlo’s farm. feel how relieved and happy Arlo is, they smile at each other.
61) 1) dialog: We're home, Spot. A HOWL GOES UP. Arlo and Spot turn and see the same human figure in the distance. Then, more figures surround him -- a MOTHER, an TWO CHILDREN. It’s a HUMAN FAMILY. Arlo looks down at Spot -- sees he’s captivated. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 72. The father comes forward. Spot jumps off Arlo, goes to investigate. The father comes closer to Spot, sniffing. Spot backs up. ON ARLO: Watching this. Spot sniffs the father. The family gathers around Spot. The mother steps forward. leans down, looks into Spot’s eyes. She reaches her hand to his cheek. He smiles, falling into her palm. Their foreheads meet. The mother looks to her children, gestures them forward. run to Spot, press their foreheads against his. ON ARLO: Smiling, so much affection. The father lifts Spot, gently presses his forehead agains Spot's. Excited, Spot jumps, rubbing his head into the father’s. Watching this, Arlo knows what he has to do. He stands. Spot looks at Arlo, runs to him, climbs up onto Arlo’s ba He smiles up at Arlo. Arlo lowers down, gently slides Spot off. Spot doesn't understand. Arlo pushes Spot over to the family. Spot turns to the family, then back to Arlo. Beat. Spot runs to Arlo. Arlo pushes him again to the family. He draws a circle ar them. Spot looks back to the family, to the circle, then to Arl He understands... Spot hugs Arlo good-bye, both have tears in their eyes. Spot scampers back toward the family. He looks at the circle’s edge and steps inside. The father sticks out his hand, Spot grabs it, and stands on TWO FEET. The mother c to take Spot’s other hand and Arlo watches as this new fa walks off into the distance. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 73. Spot looks back at his friend one last time. He howls. Ar returns his call. A tear runs down Arlo’s cheek. He watches as they walk aw
62) 0) text: Arlo walks the last part of his journey alone. His giant shadow sweeps across the landscape. Arlo steps over the fence onto the farm.
63) 4) dialog: She grabs him. Libby and Buck run in from the fields. The family finds each other.
64) 0) text: The family gathers around the silo. Momma, Buck, and Libb stand proudly behind Arlo. Momma gestures him forward. Arlo stomps his foot in the mud, places his mark on the s ON ARLO: Proud, looking at the family’s footprints. ON THE SILO: Arlo’s mark, right next to Poppa’s. He's home. FADE TO BLACK. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL