47) 13) dialog: Nash! Get out of your sister’s bubble. Ramsey and Nash immediately stop wrestling -- though Nash gives her one last push. Arlo, nervous, looks up at Butch, notes the giant T. rex an UGLY SCAR ACROSS HIS FACE -- this is one mean-looking Butch looks down at Arlo.
47) 14) dialog: You got no business bein’ out here.
47) 18) dialog: What river? There’s tons of rivers around these parts.
47) 22) dialog: We ain’t got time for babysittin’. We got longhorns to round up! Butch and Nash go back to their search. Ramsey leans down whisper to Arlo.
47) 25) dialog: And we still gotta find ‘em. We can’t help ya kid. Butch starts to move off.
48) 3) dialog: Hey kid. If you're pullin’ my leg, I'm gonna eat yours. Suddenly Spot races around excitedly, barking. The group moves to where Spot is -- and see DOZENS OF LONGHORN TRAC going through the reeds.
48) 7) dialog: Rustlers. Arlo doesn’t like the sound of that...
48) 9) dialog: We gotta move. Hya!
49) 2) dialog: They’re out there. The T. rexes move forward down the rise. Arlo follows.
49) 4) dialog: I got a job for you.
49) 6) dialog: I need you to keep on the dodge and sidle up the lob lolly past them hornheads, just hootin’ and hollerin’ to score off them rustlers. We'll cut dirt and get the bulge on ‘em.
49) 10) dialog: They’1l come right at you. You hold your ground. Don’t move.
49) 12) dialog: Don’t over think it. He pushes Arlo out into the field! Arlo, with Spot on his back, goes a few steps, but does n want to do this. He glances back at the T. rexes. Butch n ~ "Gol" Arlo steels himself (does a “get over my fear” face), and moves toward the herd. He creeps through the grass, looki back again. The T. rexes are now gone! Arlo continues. Arlo and Spot make it to the rock. Arlo does his “get ove fear" face again, and climbs on top. He opens his mouth to roar... NOTHING COMES OUT! Just a strangled whisper. Spot watches Arlo try again -- still nothing! Spot BITES Arlo, HE SCREAMS! Suddenly Arlo sees something in the tall grass moving tow him... first one... then another... RUSTLERS COMING RIGHT
50) 0) text: Arlo and Spot herd the longhorns onward with Butch, Ramse and Nash.
51) 0) text: Over wide shot of the campfire, we hear... A HARMONICA PLAYING... We see it’s Nash playing a BUG HARMONICA. He, Butch, Rams Arlo, and Spot are gathered around the fire, sitting on g logs. Ramsey uses a stick to play with Spot. Spot pulls on the stick, growling. Ramsey loves it.
51) 2) dialog: You and that critter showed real grit today. Arlo smiles. Nash stops playing.
51) 22) dialog: I don't know if you are ready for that story.
51) 26) dialog: It was a hundred degrees in the shade. I walked for five days with no water. Then I saw it. A pretty pond. I bent down to take a drink, when these crocs launched outta the water. One croc bit me on the face. Ain’t no way I wasn’t its supper, except for one thing. I watn’t ready for dyin’ that day. I bit one croc in half, tail whipped the other and the last one, well... I drowned that croc in my own blood.
51) 35) dialog: No. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 60.
51) 38) dialog: Who said I’m not scared? That surprises Arlo.
51) 40) dialog: And I was scared doin’ it -- if you ain't scared of a croc bitin’ ya on the face, you ain’t alive. Arlo considers that...
51) 41) dialog: Listen kid, you can’t get rid of fear. It’s like Mother Nature. You can't beat her or outrun her. But you can get through it. You can find out what you’re made of. That hits Arlo. Something drifts down in front of Arlo in the firelight. looks -- sees more SMALL FLAKES drifting down.
51) 46) dialog: A deal’s a deal. At first light, we ride. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 61.
52) 3) dialog: Hey kid, head ‘em off before those longhorns split! Arlo looks back to Spot: “We can do this.” Arlo and Spot run alongside the longhorns breaking away. ahead is a ROCKY RIDGE that’1l cut the loose longhorns fr the herd! Arlo roars at them, but the longhorns don’t shift course, keep heading away. Arlo turns into them, WHACK -- HE WHIPS HIS TAIL! It star the loose longhorns. They curve back into the main herd j in time, missing the ridge! Arlo keeps roaring and whippi the herd onward. Arlo smiles back to Spot, they did it! They pass Butch, h impressed.
52) 4) dialog: Hya! The group comes up over a slope. Through the distant ridg Arlo sees...
52) 10) dialog: You'll be alright. You're one tough kid. Arlo smiles. This is a lot coming from Butch. The T. rexes drive the herd. Arlo and Spot continue towar the pass.