4) 7) dialog: You little sneak. Hello Libby.
4) 15) dialog: Look at you. Arlo steps forward, but the weight of his oversized head him over onto his nose. Buck appears out of nowhere, starts beating Arlo with his stick.
5) 3) dialog: And we're all gonna take care of it together.
6) 6) dialog: Good job Libby. Buck, get back to your chores! Buck fumes.
6) 10) dialog: You're all set. She gives him a loving nuzzle.
6) 12) dialog: Get goin’.
8) 0) text: Poppa at the silo, working. Momma, Buck, and Libby nearby Arlo runs past Poppa heading straight toward the river! P stretches out his tail, grabs Arlo, curling him up close.
8) 8) dialog: Put your mark on there, Henry. You earned it.
8) 12) dialog: Did you just put your mark higher than mine? ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 9.
8) 14) dialog: The angle, huh? Momma nudges Poppa playfully.
10) 0) text: Buck, Momma, and Poppa at the silo.
10) 2) dialog: Good job son. Behind them, Arlo looks at the mark, the bucket of corn f around his neck. He sees how proud Momma and Poppa are.
11) 0) text: Libby, 10, plows in the rain as Momma and Poppa cheer her
11) 1) dialog: You got it, Libby! Just a little bit more! Libby finishes, beaming.
11) 3) dialog: You earned your mark sweetheart.
12) 0) text: ON LIBBY: Making her mark. Momma and Poppa, next to Libby proud. Arlo watches from afar, still with the bucket of corn fee BAWK. Arlo turns, sees the flock of chickens staring at h Arlo screams, running by Momma, Poppa, and Libby -- chase the chickens. He bumps into Buck, who is stacking trees. Buck’s whole pile gets knocked down.
14) 19) dialog: You will, darlin’. You just need a little more time. That hurts. Arlo stares at the ground.
23) 0) text: ON POPPA GRAVE MARKER: Fresh flowers. Pan over to the farm. Crops once lush are going fallow. Poppa’s death has brought very hard times for the family. They are all out working hard, harvesting. Buck and Libby work a few rows away from Arlo and Momma. Momma has a huge load of corn on her back. Clearly tired, starts to walk, stumbles to the ground. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 22.
23) 2) dialog: If we don’t get this harvest in before the first snow, we won't have enough food for winter. That sinks in.
23) 3) dialog: I know it’s hard without Poppa. But I need you to do more Arlo. He picks up some corn she dropped.
23) 5) dialog: You’re a good son.
24) 0) text: Arlo sees the footprints on the silo. He looks at Poppa’s mark, the blank stone next to it. Beat as he feels the loss of his father. But he has to do job for Momma... Arlo uses his mouth to pull a rock loose from the silo, s it on the ground. He takes a corn stalk from his back and strips it against the rock. He throws the cob into the si Arlo reaches for another stalk... A corn cob flies out of the silo -- HALF EATEN. A second eaten corn cob flies out. Arlo is shocked.
27) 3) dialog: But he's already too far away, the current pulling him do the river. Arlo struggles to keep afloat. The rapids pull him under, spins in circles, resurfaces. There’s a giant boulder ahead. Arlo gets pulled under by current. BAM. He hits his head, almost knocked out. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 24. Arlo resurfaces, his vision fading. The last thing he see are the looming jagged peaks of Clawtooth Mountain. Arlo passes out. FADE TO BLACK.
63) 0) text: The farm is struggling, fields still dying, piled-up harv not yet stored. WITH MOMMA: She’s harvesting in the fields. She looks up her work -- sees a strong, confident dinosaur in the shad near the cabin. For one moment...
63) 1) dialog: Henry? But then the dinosaur steps into the light...
63) 2) dialog: Arlo? She runs to him.
63) 3) dialog: 
64) 0) text: The family gathers around the silo. Momma, Buck, and Libb stand proudly behind Arlo. Momma gestures him forward. Arlo stomps his foot in the mud, places his mark on the s ON ARLO: Proud, looking at the family’s footprints. ON THE SILO: Arlo’s mark, right next to Poppa’s. He's home. FADE TO BLACK. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL