4) 8) dialog: Libby. The next small egg moves in the nest. Momma and Poppa wait excitedly. BAM. A leg punches out of the top, stretches around. BAM. BAM. BAM. Three more punch out. The egg darts toward Poppa, crashing into a log post. It crumbles away and another big, healthy Apatosaurus, BUCK, shakes his head.
4) 9) dialog: Hello, Buck. Buck picks up a nearby stick and starts happily bashing a at Poppa’s leg.
4) 10) dialog: (to Momma) He’s got your eyes. The final, giant egg begins to move. Momma and Poppa wait excitement. And wait. Nothing. Buck appears out of nowhere, starts hitting the egg with stick.
4) 11) dialog: Get out of there, you little prickle bush! ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 4. Poppa chases Buck off the nest. ON THE LARGE EGG: A crack grows around the top...
4) 12) dialog: Alright, this is gonna be a big one! ON THE EGG: The top falls off... but no one is inside! Worried, Poppa and Momma lean forward to look into the eg tiny Apatosaurus head rises up and peeks, fearful, over t edge of the egg shell.
4) 13) dialog: Hello Arlo. Arlo looks up at his Poppa and Momma, then goes back down inside the shell. Poppa smiles, tips the egg to see tiny Arlo, clinging in to the bottom of the shell.
4) 14) dialog: Come on out. Arlo hesitantly steps out of the shell, like a cat steppi in water. He looks up at his parents: his head is too big his body, his legs so wobbly.
4) 16) dialog: Buck! Buck runs off, Libby chases after him. Excited by his siblings, Arlo runs to join them, zigzaggi back and forth, trying to get his balance.
5) 0) text: Buck and Libby have stopped in the doorway, but Arlo can’ stop, tumbles past them, rolling out onto the farm. He lo up, sees the THREE GIGANTIC MOUNTAIN PEAKS behind the cab Poppa joins Arlo. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 5.
5) 1) dialog: That’s Clawtooth Mountain. Poppa gestures to the fields.
5) 2) dialog: And this is our farm. Libby, Buck, and Momma gather round, looking at the big w outside.
8) 0) text: Poppa at the silo, working. Momma, Buck, and Libby nearby Arlo runs past Poppa heading straight toward the river! P stretches out his tail, grabs Arlo, curling him up close.
8) 1) dialog: Whoa! The river is not somethin’ to mess around with there, Arlo. Be careful. What’s the problem? ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 8.
8) 3) dialog: Yesterday you said Footless Fran was the worst.
8) 5) dialog: You don’t have to like ‘em, Arlo. You just have to feed ‘em. Poppa fills the silo with corn through a small opening. H seals up the hole with a boulder.
8) 6) dialog: That should do it. He turns to the family.
8) 7) dialog: Now this will keep them rotten critters from stealin’ our food, because I made this silo one hundred percent critter proof.
8) 11) dialog: Only if your momma does it first. If anyone’s earned a mark ‘round here, it’s her. Momma smiles. She puts her foot into the mud, and marks o of the rocks. Poppa follows, putting his mark up too. The stand back, looking at the marks, smiling.
8) 13) dialog: What? No! It’s just the angle you're looking at it.
8) 17) dialog: Now hold on, it’s not that easy. He stops them.
8) 18) dialog: You've gotta earn your mark. By doin’ somethin’ big, for somethin’ bigger than yourself. They consider it.
8) 19) dialog: Someday you’1ll all make your mark, and I can’t wait to see it. ON ARLO: Smiling with determination, looking at Momma and Poppa’s marks.
9) 0) text: Buck, 10, cracks his neck, getting himself ready. He lean down and pulls up a massive tree! He throws it on a stack huge logs. He has cleared a whole new field. Poppa and Mo stand proudly watching.
9) 1) dialog: That is how you clear a field. Attaboy Buck. Arlo, 10, runs by screaming, chased by CHICKENS. Poppa chuckles. Momma looks at Poppa concerned. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 10.
9) 2) dialog: He'll figure it out. Be just fine.
10) 0) text: Buck, Momma, and Poppa at the silo.
10) 1) dialog: Go on Buck, you earned it. Buck puts his mark up.
11) 0) text: Libby, 10, plows in the rain as Momma and Poppa cheer her
11) 2) dialog: Beautiful.
12) 0) text: ON LIBBY: Making her mark. Momma and Poppa, next to Libby proud. Arlo watches from afar, still with the bucket of corn fee BAWK. Arlo turns, sees the flock of chickens staring at h Arlo screams, running by Momma, Poppa, and Libby -- chase the chickens. He bumps into Buck, who is stacking trees. Buck’s whole pile gets knocked down.
12) 2) dialog: He’1ll get there.
13) 0) text: ON ARLO: Looking longingly at the family’s marks on the s The rock next to Poppa’s, waiting for his mark. Arlo’s determined.
14) 17) dialog: Buck! Momma, Poppa, and Libby come up to the gate.
14) 21) dialog: I got an idea.
16) 1) dialog: Arlo. Arlo. Wake up. Arlo opens his eyes, unsure in the dark. He sees Poppa standing over him.
16) 2) dialog: Come with me. Poppa heads to the door.
17) 0) text: It’s scary out here, NIGHTTIME SOUNDS, dark shadows. Arlo stays close to Poppa. A HOWL goes up! Arlo shudders, looks back, and sees how far they are from cabin. The wilderness beyond the fence surrounding them. can just make out the big Clawtooth Mountain peaks rising the dark.
17) 2) dialog: You'll see. They come to a field of high grass, pocketed with fog.
17) 3) dialog: Okay, now take a walk out there.
17) 5) dialog: Go on. Arlo, scared but wanting to impress his father, cautiousl moves out into the grass. An UGLY BUG flies up out of the grass and lands on Arlo’s nose. Arlo looks at it, frightened.
17) 7) dialog: Calm down. Breathe. Poppa gently blows on the bug... It glows! Arlo’s eyes go wide in awe... The firefly lifts off Arlo’s nose, flies a into the night. Poppa walks further out into the field. He looks to Arlo.
17) 8) dialog: Sometimes you gotta get through your fear to see the beauty on the other side. Poppa swishes his tail in the grass and HUNDREDS OF FIREF fly up into the air!
17) 10) dialog: I got a new job for you tomorrow. That is, if you still wanna make your mark. Arlo smiles up at his father: he sure does!
18) 0) text: Poppa peers through a hole in the silo, corn at the top l HALF EATEN.
18) 1) dialog: A dang wilderness critter’s comin’ over the fence, eatin’ our food, and I’ve had it up to my snout.
19) 0) text: Angry, Poppa kicks the corn on the ground. Arlo stands next to him at the silo, sees the rocks from silo on the ground, the scattered half eaten corn cobs.
19) 1) dialog: If this keeps up, we won’t have enough food to survive the winter. Arlo understands the seriousness of this.
19) 2) dialog: That’s why YOU are gonna catch that critter. ON ARLO: Me?! Excited! We now watch as Arlo and Poppa build a trap near the silo Arlo pulls a piece of rope around a tree stump. Poppa pulls one end of rope, Arlo pulls the other. They t rocks to the middle, creating a NET. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 16. Arlo sets the trap, pulling the net high into the tree as Poppa sets bait under the net -- a pile of corn. Poppa pl the trap’s trigger, a stick, in the bait.
19) 3) dialog: Then, along comes a critter... Poppa rolls a pumpkin onto the pile of corn, hitting the trigger. The rope snaps, the net falls down to the ground BUNDLE OF BRANCHES rattles loudly signifying the trap is Poppa picks up a HUGE STICK.
19) 4) dialog: And this is how you’re gonna finish the job. He brings the stick down fast, smashing the pumpkin. ON ARLO: Gulp! Poppa sets the stick next to the silo.
19) 5) dialog: When that critter’s takin’ care of, you'll put your mark on the silo, right next to mine. Arlo looks up, his eyes light up.
20) 0) text: Arlo marches in front of the silo, guarding it. He carrie the giant stick Poppa left. A BEETLE flies by and Arlo darts for it.
20) 7) dialog: 
20) 9) dialog: Why’d you let it go?!
20) 11) dialog: You had a job to do! ON ARLO: He knows he failed. Poppa is angry! We’ve never seen him like this, he’s inte intimidating.
20) 12) dialog: You gotta get over your fear, Arlo, or you won't survive out here! Poppa makes a decision.
20) 13) dialog: Come on. Poppa marches Arlo across the farm, following the CRITTER TRACKS. He uses his tail to push Arlo forward.
20) 14) dialog: We’re gonna finish your job right now. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 19.
21) 2) dialog: Get over. Poppa uses his tail to help Arlo over the fence. The rain picks up in earnest. Poppa and Arlo move out into the wilderness, toward the mountain pass.
22) 0) text: Arlo looks back at the farm as it vanishes in the distanc The wind is getting strong. Arlo looks up. Storm clouds s above. He stays very close to Poppa, trying to be tough.
22) 2) dialog: As long as you can find the river, you can find your way home. Poppa pushes Arlo further along.
22) 3) dialog: What do you see? Arlo is confused, afraid...
22) 5) dialog: And they’re washin’ out, we gotta move. Poppa is rushing, Arlo tries to keep up. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 20.
22) 6) dialog: We're losin’ it! Poppa pushes harder, running to keep the tracks in sight. Arlo tries to keep up, but is falling behind.
22) 7) dialog: Arlo, keep movin’! BOOM. CRASH. A storm cell circles above them. CRASH. Lightning flashes. Arlo flinches and trips over a boulder. He tumbles to the ground, hurting his leg.
22) 9) dialog: Arlo what did I say about keep -- Poppa turns back, sees Arlo struggling, limping. Poppa realizes he’s gone too far. He stops. Goes to Arlo.
22) 10) dialog: It’s -- it’s okay. It’s okay Arlo. I'm s -- I’m sorry. I just wanted you to... get through your fear. I know you have it in you.
22) 12) dialog: You’re me and more. Arlo looks up to Poppa. CRACK. BOOM. THUNDER rolls over their heads, so close. Ar flinches. Poppa looks up at the storm, turns to Arlo.
22) 13) dialog: I think we went far enough today. He lifts Arlo out of the mud.
22) 14) dialog: Storm’s gettin’ worse, let’s get you home. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 21. They start to head back, Arlo still limping. The GROUND STARTS TO SHAKE. Poppa looks up, alarmed. The RIVER IS RISING. Now Poppa is all urgency.
22) 15) dialog: Arlo, MOVE. He pushes Arlo up the hill, away from the river. Arlo’s f slip on the wet rocks as Poppa pushes him. CRASH. Poppa looks upriver. Something huge is barreling toward them, trees are falling!
22) 16) dialog: Run Arlo! There is a ROAR. Arlo looks ahead through the trees and sees, like a horri monster, FLOOD WATER BANKING DOWN THE NARROW CANYON, ROAR TOWARD THEM. Arlo freezes, too terrified to move. Poppa grabs Arlo, th him up the bank. Arlo lands hard, looks back to his fathe
23) 0) text: ON POPPA GRAVE MARKER: Fresh flowers. Pan over to the farm. Crops once lush are going fallow. Poppa’s death has brought very hard times for the family. They are all out working hard, harvesting. Buck and Libby work a few rows away from Arlo and Momma. Momma has a huge load of corn on her back. Clearly tired, starts to walk, stumbles to the ground. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 22.
24) 0) text: Arlo sees the footprints on the silo. He looks at Poppa’s mark, the blank stone next to it. Beat as he feels the loss of his father. But he has to do job for Momma... Arlo uses his mouth to pull a rock loose from the silo, s it on the ground. He takes a corn stalk from his back and strips it against the rock. He throws the cob into the si Arlo reaches for another stalk... A corn cob flies out of the silo -- HALF EATEN. A second eaten corn cob flies out. Arlo is shocked.
43) 4) dialog: Arlo, MOVE. The flood water banks the corner.
43) 5) dialog: 
57) 15) dialog: I knew you had it in you. You’re me and more. Arlo smiles.
57) 16) dialog: Now go take care of that critter. Poppa smiles, fades into the rain.
64) 0) text: The family gathers around the silo. Momma, Buck, and Libb stand proudly behind Arlo. Momma gestures him forward. Arlo stomps his foot in the mud, places his mark on the s ON ARLO: Proud, looking at the family’s footprints. ON THE SILO: Arlo’s mark, right next to Poppa’s. He's home. FADE TO BLACK. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL