37) 0) text: Arlo and Spot continue their journey upriver.
38) 0) text: Spot smells something, follows the scent through the brus He stops, shivers, his leg taps the ground. He’s found something! He runs ahead.
39) 0) text: Panicked in the water, he flails his body around, gasping air. Spot jumps in, joins him, doggy paddling in circles. Arlo tries to imitate Spot, kicking his legs to get forwa momentum. He’s doing it! He’s swimming! Spot leads him to edge, jumps out of the water, shakes off. Arlo steps out of the water, proud of himself... but is covered in LEECHES! He screams and runs off. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 37.
40) 0) text: Fruit lies on the ground. Arlo eats as much as he can, offers some to Spot. Spot looks up to the fruit in the tree, then at the fruit the ground. BUGS swarm around the half rotted berries. Spot starts laughing, his eyes becoming slits. Arlo laugh too. Spot's face starts to grow... what’s happening? Arlo now FIVE EYES. Their vision warps! What is in this fruit? The can’t stop laughing! They leap into the air in a shared, happy hallucination. FADE TO WHITE.
41) 0) text: Arlo and Spot recover from their fruit hangover. Spot’s h hurts. Arlo’s gotten his head wedged in a tree trunk.
42) 0) text: PREHISTORIC CRITTERS get comfortable together, nestling d in their nests for the night. Arlo and Spot walk along the river through a meadow. A light flickers in front of Arlo, it’s a FIREFLY!
43) 0) text: ON ARLO: Sleeping under the overhang. Arlo wakes up and finds Spot curled in the nook of his ar snoring. Spot starts running in his sleep, pouncing onto Arlo’s nose, waking himself up. Arlo smiles. Spot stretches, letting out a big yawn. He walks off, scratching the ground, sniffing. Arlo stands up, greets the beautiful morning. He hears something, looks over at the boy. Spot is behind a rock, back toward us -- a DRIZZLING NOISE coming from his direction. It stops. The boy turns and looks at Arlo. Arlo realizes he’s watching Spot relieve himself, and, embarrassed, turns away. The drizzling noise starts again. Arlo sneaks a look back around, where did Spot go? He’s further away, up the hill The WIND picks up. Arlo sees dark clouds moving in. EXT. RIVER’S EDGE - DAY Arlo and Spot walk along the river. The wind stirs up the dirt, making it hard to see. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 40. Arlo follows Spot, but as debris begins to fly at them on strong wind, Arlo gets nervous, slows down. Spot is tenacious, keeps pushing forward.
45) 0) text: The storm has passed. It's devastation -- trees knocked o everywhere. Spot appears, sniffs Arlo. He moves a fallen fir branch a finds Arlo curled up under the root ball. Arlo sees Spot, comes out of his shelter. He looks around his panic growing as he realizes...
48) 0) text: The search party makes their way through the open range, giant T. rexes following tiny Spot. Suddenly Spot shivers, his leg taps the ground. Arlo know what that means...
50) 0) text: Arlo and Spot herd the longhorns onward with Butch, Ramse and Nash.
51) 0) text: Over wide shot of the campfire, we hear... A HARMONICA PLAYING... We see it’s Nash playing a BUG HARMONICA. He, Butch, Rams Arlo, and Spot are gathered around the fire, sitting on g logs. Ramsey uses a stick to play with Spot. Spot pulls on the stick, growling. Ramsey loves it.
53) 0) text: Arlo and Spot, back on the river, Clawtooth Mountain in t distance! They’re headed home... Spot jumps onto Arlo’s back, climbs up to the top of his head, enjoying the ride. They run into a MUSTERING OF WADING BIRDS. Without hesitation, Arlo runs straight toward the flock. He and S roar! Birds flying on either side of them, Spot howls. Arlo how back. Spot loves it.
54) 0) text: Arlo leaps up the rocky terrain. He tosses Spot up into t clouds. Spot flies so high, he goes above the cloud cover and see glimpses of the sun, then falls back to Arlo. Spot signals upward, asks Arlo to do it again. Arlo throw him up, catches him again. Spot signals for them to climb the peak, he wants to show Arlo. Arlo peeks his head through the clouds. They watch the su beginning to set behind the peaks of Clawtooth Mountain. wondrous sight to share. They look to each other, smile. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 63.
55) 0) text: Spot and Arlo running -- the wind kicks up. Far away, a RUMBLE OF THUNDER... They come up over a hill line and see the base of Clawtoo Mountain, home’s just on the other side!
56) 0) text: Arlo and Spot hurrying along toward Clawtooth Mountain.
56) 6) dialog: Thunderclap growls into Arlo’s face, spooking him. Arlo l his grip, and Spot is gone!
57) 2) dialog: But the brambles tangle his feet, hold him fast. Arlo’s struggle lessens, the brambles overtaking him. A l bramble around his neck tightens. Spot howls for Arlo, his cry echoes across the pass! Arlo sees the Pterodactyls taking Spot into Clawtooth Mountain. They disappear into the clouds. Spot is gone.
58) 0) text: The storm is raging, the sky dark. A storm cell circles around the mountain peaks. Arlo runs up the mountain, howling as loud as he can. Lightning strikes the ground around him. A bolt hits a tr ahead, Arlo dodges it just in time. Arlo climbs a massive boulder, looks around searching for Spot. He howls again. Waits... Spot returns his call! Arlo runs toward him.
59) 0) text: Arlo finds the Pterodactyls at the river, around a DEAD T TRUNK. Spot is inside the tree, clearly hurt, trying to protect himself but vulnerable.
59) 11) dialog: ON SPOT: The debris is barreling toward him, he lowers do into the tree trunk for protection.
60) 0) text: Arlo struggles to swim in the current. Debris cuts into h skin. He resurfaces, searches for Spot.
61) 0) text: No more rain. Spot on Arlo’s back -- they climb the incline toward home Arlo strong, confident. They crest the ridge -- there below them is Arlo’s farm. feel how relieved and happy Arlo is, they smile at each other.