34) 0) text: Arlo walking along the river through the wilderness. He limps, still bruised from his fall. It starts to drizzle, SOFT THUNDER. Arlo keeps going -- b quickly he is cold and shivering. WILDERNESS CRITTERS scurry across the ground. The drizzle turns into rain. Arlo’s footprints become puddles. THUNDERCLAP. Arlo collects sticks to build a makeshift shelter. But af only propping up three sticks, they tumble to the ground. Nearby creatures are nestled in their dwellings, dry, saf Arlo notices one FURRY CRITTER, sitting under an overhung rock, has taken particular interest in watching Arlo’s efforts. Arlo tries positioning larger branches, and has more succ He sits inside his shelter, proud, smiling at the critter under the rock. The critter keeps staring. Arlo sticks hi tongue out at it. DRIP. DRIP. SPLASH. A puddle pours down onto Arlo’s face. The critter squeaks, as if laughing at Arlo. It goes away comes back with TWO OTHER CRITTERS (implying “let’s watch this”). They all squeak, staring at Arlo. Arlo groans, frustrated.
45) 5) dialog: Aw -- say friend, are you wounded?
45) 7) dialog: Oh good, thank goodness for that. Uh, Coldfront, Downpour, keep looking for wounded folk. Coldfront and Downpour push into the rubble, searching.
45) 9) dialog: Uh, Clawtooth Mountain?... Oh, you mean the mountain range with uh, the three points?
45) 11) dialog: Yeah, oh yeah I’ve been there. Uh, butcha know kid... you're not even close. Still, I know the way. Arlo smiles, relieved.
45) 13) dialog: I'm sorry. I just -- I use to have a name like that once. But that was before I started following the storm.
45) 15) dialog: The storm swept me up... I was afraid for my life. But the storm gave me a relevation, and I wasn’t scared anymore.
45) 17) dialog: NO. A re-LE-VA-tion! OKAY? I was at a real low point, you know, and the storm swept me up to a real high point and then left me at a higher RELEVATION.
45) 19) dialog: Yeah wow. That's when the storm gave me my new name. Because, what do we say? Downpour lands nearby.
45) 21) dialog: The storm provides. You can call me Thunderclap.
45) 23) dialog: Um yeah... well, uh maybe. Thunderclap looks around the area.
45) 24) dialog: Oh, but first we just need to check the area. There's plenty of folks in a very bad way after a storm like this, dontcha know.
45) 26) dialog: You know, we could use your help friend. Arlo smiles nervously.
45) 29) dialog: Whoa... that is great! Thunderclap reaches into the rubble, picks out a LITTLE F CREATURE.
45) 31) dialog: Ah -- a freed critter, thanks to you. Thunderclap lifts it up high, looks as if he'll put it on ground. But instead throws back his head and eats it. ON ARLO: Horrified. Arlo looks around -- sees Spot hiding under some debris, shaking. He's terrified of these folks.
45) 32) dialog: You know, I just want to take a moment and thank the storm for this meal. Downpour snaps at the fox-like tail hanging out of Thunderclap's mouth. Thunderclap whirls at Downpour -- and suddenly the three fighting like starving animals. It's violent, unnerving. Thunderclap gets an advantage on the other two, whirling around. He hisses! ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 45.
45) 33) dialog: You think you can mess with me? I've seen the eye of the storm, and I forgot what fear is... I’m not afraid of anything. Downpour and Coldfront back down.
45) 35) dialog: Hey, where you goin', friend? Downpour and Coldfront land behind Arlo, he's trapped.
45) 37) dialog: And I said we would get you home. Thunderclap leans into Arlo, sniffs him.
45) 38) dialog: Friend, you have a critter of your own.
45) 42) dialog: The storm provides. Thunderclap flies after Spot.
45) 45) dialog: Get him! The Pterodactyls chase them into the woods...
46) 1) dialog: Hey, slow down! There’s no place to hide, yellow-belly! Spot on top of Arlo’s back, holding on for dear life.
57) 0) text: The brambles wrap tightly around Arlo as he tumbles to th ground. The Pterodactyls can’t get to him... he’s deep in the vin They leave, chasing after Thunderclap, who is carrying Sp into the mountain pass. Arlo struggles in the brambles, trying to keep sight of S
59) 2) dialog: Well, look who got relevated. Downpour flies at Arlo. Arlo charges right at her, full speed, but just as they are about to collide, Downpour fl to the side. Arlo skids in the mud. Spot cries out. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 69.
59) 3) dialog: (to Downpour and Coldfront) Go get him! Coldfront and Downpour fly at Arlo -- using their beaks a wings to beat at him. They lift him in the air, dragging away from Spot! But Arlo is not giving up...
59) 6) dialog: The storm provides. Arlo ROARS, his voice deep and demanding! Thunderclap is caught off guard by Arlo’s roar. Spot seiz the moment, bites him in the wing, ripping out a chunk! Thunderclap looks at his wing, sees the giant hole Spot ripped out -- he screams! Thunderclap flies off, furiousl defeated. Arlo picks up a broken tree branch, chucks it at Thunderc knocking him into the water. ©2015 DISNEY*PIXAR - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL THE GOOD DINOSAUR - Academy Screenplay - 10/26/2015 70. The ground begins to shake, Arlo turns upriver: A MASSIVE