1) 0) text: ALBERT, a middle-aged man, feeds MELVIN, a two-year-old.
1) 3) dialog: Here's what I'm going to do, son. I'll give it to you straight. I'm not going to fill your head with stories about fictitious characters like Santa Claus or the Easter Bunny or God. There's only one thing you need to worry about in this life and that's women. And I'm going to teach you everything I know about the art of meeting, courting and seducing 'em. Don't worry about anything else, there's nothing more important. Reading, writing, toilet training you can learn later in life.
2) 0) text: Mike, wearing cute denim overalls with a teddy bear embroidered on the front, stands on a footstool in front of Melvin and a TAILOR.
2) 1) dialog: Clothes maketh or unmaketh the man. What were you thinking when you put that on this morning? That you were going to spend the day in the sandpit? Mike responds with a look of innocence and confusion.
2) 2) dialog: (to tailor)
2) 4) text: The finer the threads, the more inclined the ladies will be to tear them off. I know, don't try to make sense of their logic. They have none. EXT.   CAFE   -   DAY. Melvin at a table with Mike, who is now dressed in smart casual attire and looks more like his father. MELVIN
2) 5) text: Of course, it's not all about clothes. It's the way you carry yourself too. You've gotta make a conscious effort to be relaxed but in control in all situations. And a little playful. Go for an expression where you're suppressing mild amusement. But don't overdo it. You want to look dignified at all times. Melvin glances over to Mike, who is picking his nose. MELVIN
2) 6) text: Damnit, son! Are you not listening to a word I say? Mike freezes, unsure what to do, his finger still planted in his nostril. Melvin yanks it out.
3) 0) text: Melvin and Mike approach the entrance. MELVIN
3) 1) text: Now meeting the right person is really all about spending enough time in the right places. So we're going to a new preschool today. One in a higher socioeconomic suburb. EXT.   PLAYGROUND       -    DAY. Melvin and Mike sit on a bench and watch children at play
3) 2) dialog: Well? Mike looks around then points. MELVIN
3) 3) text: You like the girl over there? Mike nods. She's MOLLY, three. A shy, bespectacled girl, she sits on her own and reads a book. MELVIN
3) 4) text: Uh ... yeah. I think there's enough geek genes in our family. It's time to diversify. Elsewhere, BRITTANY, four, is taunting another child. MELVIN
3) 5) text: And avoid that bitchy girl. She may be pretty but believe me, it's not worth the trouble. You definitely don't want to get involved with someone like your mother. Melvin keeps looking. He points out AMELIE, three, well-dressed and eating a baguette. MELVIN
3) 8) text: It might be great for a bit of slap and tickle after midnight when the only meat your buddies are getting is at a kebab shop. But there's no word in French for "fidelity" and what we're looking for is a serious relationship. I mean, what you're looking for. (awkwardly unconvincing) I'm fine. SARAH, three, blonde and dressed in pink, sits at a table nearby. She talks excitedly with a group of girls. MELVIN
3) 9) text: She's popular, good-looking. She seems friendly enough. I think Barbie there might be worth a try. Mike doesn't look so sure. MELVIN
3) 10) text: Go and talk to her. Intimidated, Mike shakes his head, his eyes pleading. MELVIN
3) 11) text: C'mon! It's better to get shot down than wonder "What if?" Melvin gives him a push in Sarah's direction. MELVIN
3) 12) text: Just show an interest in the things that interest her and you'll have plenty to talk about. Mike, looking completely out of place in his flashy clothes, apprehensively approaches the girls. They stop talking and watch him. He picks up Sarah's handbag and admires it, putting it over his shoulder. Then he tries on her sun hat and slips into her discarded pink shoes. The girls laugh at him and run away. Melvin covers his face in disbelief.
3) 15) text: Would you like to go to the toyshop later on? You can pick out a nice fairy costume. What are you doing to me, boy?! Mike shrugs defensively. MELVIN
3) 16) text: We need to toughen up your image now. Most girls are attracted to bad boys. See if you can start some sort of altercation with her. Understand? Mike thinks, then nods his head. A MOMENT LATER. Mike grabs a handful of sand from the sandpit, marches up to Sarah and throws it forcefully into her face. Sarah starts to cry, drawing the attention of everyone in the playground. Mike smiles and looks to his father for approval. Melvin is horrified. INT.   FLORIST    -   DAY. Mike struggles with a large arrangement of flowers. Melvin pays the FLORIST. MELVIN
4) 0) text: Melvin watches from the other side of the high fence. Mike carries the flowers across the playground. He sees Sarah being comforted by her friends.         The sees Molly, who is still reading her book. Melvin gestures for Mike to give the flowers to Sarah. Mike thinks, then gives them to Molly instead. Melvin groans and throws his hands up in frustration. EXT.   CARPARK   -   DAY. Melvin points his finger in Mike's face. MELVIN
4) 2) text: Molly loves her flowers.      Thank you. Melvin's attitude changes immediately. MELVIN
4) 6) dialog: Absolutely.      We'll see you there. Mary and Molly leave.       Melvin turns back to Mike.
4) 8) text: Great work my friend! Looks like we're in for a double date. He claps a high five with his son. MELVIN
4) 9) text: And the perfect chance for you to learn from a master at work. INT.   CAFE ON THE CORNER      -   DAY. Melvin, Mike, Mary and Molly sit around a table. Before eating, Mary and Molly bow their heads in prayer. Mike watches them and does the same. Unseen by the others, Melvin decides to give thanks too. And not for the food in front of him. EXT.   PARK   -   DAY. Melvin and Mary sit and watch their children laugh as they chase each other about. MARY
4) 10) text: They seem to like each other. MELVIN
4) 13) dialog: Absolutely. MARY
4) 14) text: I'm thinking about a sleepover? Or is it too soon? She smiles at him.       Melvin raises an eyebrow seducti MELVIN
4) 17) text: What are you doing?! MELVIN
4) 20) dialog: Oh. Unimpressed, she walks over to Molly, lifts her into her arms and they leave. Mike stares coldly at his father, his hands on his hips. EXT.   BUS STOP   -   DAY. Mike picks flowers from a nearby garden. Melvin sits alone, dejected. Mike approaches and whispers in his ear. MELVIN
4) 21) text: It's better to get shot down than wonder "What if?"? Mike whispers more. MELVIN
4) 22) text: I now have the opportunity to apologise and endear myself to her? Mike presents his father with a small arrangement of hand-picked flowers. Melvin thinks. MELVIN