22) 13) dialog: Well, look who it is... GEORGE FOWLER (40) steps forward, holding a beer in his h Frank's eyes slant to stab wounds. Sue tenses, on edge.
22) 14) dialog: How are ya, Frank?
22) 16) dialog: Pretty good. Frank clenches his fist and glances at Sue. She stares at him, begging with her eyes: Not here. Not now.
22) 18) dialog: Yeah, he deserved better. Hell, I suppose we all did. (Glances up at the sky) Wonder how much longer the weather’s gonna hold...
22) 20) dialog: C’mon...let’s go over and say ‘hi’ to the Ludlows. (As they leave) See ya around, Frank. Frank watches George and Sue head back into the crowd, th he slowly turns...and sees Tom Donovan standing nearby--
27) 0) text: Frank gallops through the pouring rain, weaving between trapped cars and foggy headlight beams-- He knocks on windows and waits for them to crack. Then he peers inside, hoping to find Sue Fowler... Finally, Frank reaches the right car. He knocks loudly an waits. The window opens...George Fowler peers out--
27) 1) dialog: Frank? What the hell...? Frank rides around to the other side of the car. He knock the window...it immediately rolls down--
27) 6) dialog: Sue! What the hell are you doing?! Frank pulls her up onto his horse and they gallop away...
39) 3) dialog: That’s all you have to say to me? Do you have any idea how worried I was last night? I didn’t even know what had happened until one of Tom's deputies knocked on our door organizing a search party.
41) 1) text: Sue resumes her place at the girl’s bedside. George comes the doorway and watches quietly... 36.
41) 2) dialog: So this is the mystery girl, huh? Where’d she come from?
41) 4) dialog: Is she going to live?
41) 6) dialog: Yeah, well...you should be used to that by now. Sue shudders quietly, but doesn’t respond. George suddenl notices an empty WHISKEY BOTTLE sitting on the table--
41) 7) dialog: Any more of that in the house?
44) 0) text: George sits at Frank’s desk, opening drawers. He searches vigorously, but doesn’t find what he’s looking for. Instead, he discovers a file of NEWSPAPER CLIPPINGS-- The article Frank saved earlier is at the top of the pile .--along with a hand written LETTER, worn and well read-- “Dear Mr. & Mrs. Sullivan, I deeply regret to inform you your son, Private William Sullivan, died this afternoon.. George skims the letter, then flips through the articles, each one detailing the horrors of the past year... George closes the file and puts it away. He goes to shut drawer, but stops when he sees something-- An old PHOTOGRAPH buried beneath a stack of papers... It shows TWENTY YOUNG SOLDIERS standing at the top of a D HILL with an AMERICAN FLAG billowing overhead. A LEGENDARY FIGURE stands in the center-- His thick moustache and coke-bottle glasses identify him clearly as a caption would: President Theodore Roosevelt And then George sees two familiar faces in the back row: FRANK SULLIVAN and TOM DONOVAN; each twenty years old...
44) 3) dialog: If you had a picture of yourself with the President, would you hide it away in a goddamn desk drawer? Sue stares at the picture, suddenly overwhelmed.
44) 4) dialog: He left you for that war. Least he could do is put it on display. (MORE )
44) 6) dialog: (Beat) I wonder what else he’s hiding... George stands up and leaves the room as Sue quietly wince from the pain of old wounds...
51) 1) text: George Fowler sits at the table, nervously rubbing his ha It’s been awhile since he’s had a drink... .--and the shakes are starting to set in.
51) 3) dialog: If my wife’s staying, I’m staying. Frank stares at George. His fist clenches again...
52) 6) dialog: Jesus, where did she come from? (a moment, then) Been awhile since I heard screaming like that...almost forgot what it sounded like. Frank looks down at his empty hand as Sue goes to the win She suddenly steps back, her face frozen in fear--
60) 0) text: George Fowler watches Frank from the window. He nervously rubs his hands, which have started to tremble...
61) 1) text: George walks to the girl’s bedroom and peers inside. Sue swapping out her bandages. George clears his throat--
61) 2) dialog: ‘Think I’m gonna head into town... You need anything? Sue glances at his trembling hands and shakes her head. George turns and leaves without saying another word.
65) 0) text: PATRONS stand at the window, watching the celebration... George Fowler suddenly bursts into the saloon. Everyone watches as the BARTENDER (50s) pours his usual drink-- 50.
65) 1) dialog: Thanks, Sam. Leave the bottle. Sam nods and steps aside. Charlie Foster and Ben Sanderfo (the two ‘regulars’) stand up and approach--
65) 3) dialog: It’s nothing. No big deal...
65) 6) dialog: No, she ain’t sick. Just shot to hell. Sue’s taking care of her... George throws back his drink and pours himself another--
65) 7) dialog: You know Frank’s got a picture of himself with the president?
91) 0) text: George Fowler opens his eyes and slowly gets up. He glanc around the saloon, shocked to find it completely empty... Confused, George goes to the window...and peers outside--
103) 0) text: Sue, Leonard, and Nathan stare out the window -- watching the entire town shuffles into the church... Sue sees her sister in the crowd, then Rosaleigh and Edwa Donovan. And, finally, Eli Peterson, not far behind... And then Sue’s eyes suddenly narrow-- George is stumbling down the street. He glances up at Sue briefly, then disappears inside the church...
105) 0) text: George charges across the street, each footstep angrier t the last; his hatred gathering momentum...
106) 1) text: Sue, Leonard, and Nathan look up as the door bursts open. George Fowler comes inside, his eyes dark and angry...
106) 2) dialog: I'd like to speak to my wife. Nathan and Leonard look at Sue. She nods, it’s okay. Geor waits for them to leave, then charges towards her...
106) 3) dialog: What the hell are you doing?
106) 5) dialog: Don’t play dumb with me. You know exactly what I mean.
106) 7) dialog: Your job?! She is not your patient. The folks out there are. And you’re about to get them all killed!
107) 0) text: Leonard and Nathan stand in the lobby, listening to the m sounds of George and Sue arguing upstairs...
108) 1) text: George leans closer, getting right in Sue’s face--
108) 2) dialog: Why are you doing this? Tell me!
108) 4) dialog: Tell me why! Why are you putting this town at risk? For him?
110) 1) text: George hits Sue again, this time with a closed fist--
110) 2) dialog: You want to help Frank save this whore so that you can be his!? That's it, isn’t it? It’s been your reason all along... George throws her to the ground, about to stomp her... Leonard bursts into the room and grabs George from behind George stumbles back, then drives an elbow into Leonard's solar plexus and hurls him across the room...
112) 1) text: George tears through the room, knocking everything to the ground. Sue gets to her feet and charges towards him--
112) 3) dialog: Did you let his family die? So you and he could be together just like you wanted? To hell with this town! To hell with these people! Just as long Sue gets what she wanted! He hits her again and again...each punch a sickening thud against her skull; brutal and awful-- His knuckles split and start to bleed. George grimaces as steps away, letting his wife’s limp body fall to the floo He shakes his hand for a moment and catches his breath. T he steps forward...and approaches the young girl-- She continues to sleep, calm and peaceful; completely una of the battle raging around her. George stares at her with murder in his eyes... And then, as if suddenly realizing the barbarity of what done, George Fowler backs away. And quietly leaves the ro
115) 0) text: Sue and Leonard move quietly through the dark room, picki up the pieces after George’s terrible rampage... The door softly opens and Frank Sullivan comes inside. SHATTERED GLASS crunches beneath his feet... Frank turns on the light-- The room is torn asunder; books and equipment scattered o the floor, two wounded people standing in the shadows... Frank crosses the room and grabs Sue gently by the arm. S resists for a moment, then finally turns around-- Her face is bruised and bloody. Swollen eyes, split lip. Frank has to bite his hand just to keep from screaming--
119) 0) text: The bartender turns on the lights and discovers George Fo sitting at the counter, nervously rubbing his hands... The bartender hesitates, then sets down a bottle of WHISK George pulls the cork and pours himself a drink...
134) 18) text: STRANGER (CONT’D) We'll wipe this town off the face of the earth. You’ll see. We're just getting warmed up. The stranger looks around the room as his words take hold STRANGER (CONT’D) Now why don’t you do the sensible thing and mind your own business? This girl has no friends. No family. When she’s gone, there will be no newspaper headlines mourning her death. She won’t have a funeral or even an obituary. Because no one will remember her long enough to forget her. It’ll be as though she never existed. All you have to do is order another drink and try not to worry about things that are beyond your control. Alright? Frank hesitates -- deep in thought. And then-- George Fowler comes out of the back room and takes a seat the bar, totally oblivious to what’s going on...
142) 0) text: Charlie Foster and Ben Sanderford hover around George Fow crunching glass beneath their cautious footsteps...
159) 1) dialog: Who's there...? Sue takes a deep breath and kneels beside him--
159) 2) dialog: You come to finish me off? Sue stares at George for a long, terrible moment. And the she opens her bag...and begins to treat his wounds.
161) 0) text: George stares at Sue as she bandages his arm--
161) 1) dialog: Can’t you just give me something for the pain? 115. Sue hesitates, then sticks him with a shot morphine. Geor closes his eyes with relief... Sue slips off her wedding ring and sets it beside him.
161) 2) dialog: (Confused) What’s that for?
164) 0) text: The stranger steps through the shadows and kneels beside George Fowler. The wounded man looks up--