3) 3) dialog: Heya, Frank...
3) 5) dialog: Nah, belongs to the city. Being mayor has its perks. You should come into town more often. They outnumber horses, now.
3) 7) dialog: Oh, yeah...guess you wouldn’t have heard. I took over for Bill Stevens after he passed.
3) 9) dialog: Just until they find a replacement.
3) 11) dialog: It probably isn’t. over and lifts out a large BIRTHDAY PRESENT--
3) 13) dialog: Think I’d forget?
3) 15) dialog: You know, a simple ‘thank you’ would do. This isn’t the easiest place to get to. Frank nods and reluctantly takes the package-- Tom shuts
3) 17) dialog: Yeah, it’s a nice gift, Frank. the trunk and turns to face his friend. BEAT.
3) 19) dialog: Seemed like a good time to stop by, see how you’re doing...
3) 23) dialog: (a moment, then) Sure, that’d be great.
4) 1) text: Frank sets the birthday present down on the kitchen count and starts to brew another pot of COFFEE... Tom stands nearby, his eyes quietly roaming-- He sees the GOLD STAR BANNER hanging in the window. And t black SILK CREPES draped across the front door... And then Tom notices a MILITARY SWORD mounted in a glass case; sheathed and locked away...from an era long ago--
4) 2) dialog: ‘Get that in Cuba? Frank looks up as he pours some coffee. Finally, he nods-
4) 3) dialog: ‘Thought so. You ever hear from any of the old guys? Frank shakes his head as he walks across the room...
4) 4) dialog: Me, neither. Too bad. I hear Roosevelt’s not doing well. (Takes the coffee) Thanks... Tom takes a sip and nearly spits it out--
4) 5) dialog: God, that’s awful...
4) 8) dialog: You seen these things? Everyone's got ‘em. Here, let me show you... Tom places a RECORD on the wheel and lowers the needle... Softly, suddenly-- MUSIC FILLS THE HOUSE It floats down empty hallways and creeps into vacant room hanging gently in the air beside pictures and portraits o people who have left, never to return. Frank’s eyes well with emotion--
4) 10) dialog: I know. Thought you’d like it. Got ya some others, too... Tom hands over a collection of RECORDS. Frank shuffles through the titles, stopping at one in particular-- AFTER YOU'VE GONE by Marion Harris Frank stares at the record, suddenly overwhelmed. He look at his friend and finally says--
4) 13) dialog: You mean besides the horseless carriage? A lot, actually. Most of the construction that was going on before the flu hit started up again. Think the car’s impressive? You should see some of these buildings that are going up. The world’s changing before our very eyes. I still can’t believe it...
4) 15) dialog: Yeah, couple months ago. Stores are back in business. Church is in session. Even re-opened the school. (Off Frank’s look) Rosaleigh’s teaching class until they find a replacement.
4) 17) dialog: Nobody's forgotten Emily, Frank. The kids tell Rosaleigh everyday how much they miss her. Frank slowly nods, then finds the courage to ask--
4) 19) dialog: (Hesitates) They're fine. Everyone's fine. I was about scared to death when Rosaleigh got sick, but...she pulled through. ‘Seems to be getting stronger everyday. And Edward's due in on Sunday...
4) 21) dialog: Eh, we got lucky. I’m just glad the troubles are over.
4) 23) dialog: Yeah... Tom glances at the GOLD STAR BANNER hanging in the window And the SILK CREPES draped across the front door...
4) 24) dialog: ..-it’s just too bad it couldn't have happened a little sooner.
4) 25) text: Frank walks Tom back to his Model-T Ford. A cold wind blo through the valley. Tom winces, Frank does not.
4) 26) dialog: You know...we’re having a little celebration tonight. Dancing. Fireworks. Should be a good time. No flu masks allowed... (Beat) You should come. Frank glances up at the cloud-riddled sky--
4) 28) dialog: Yeah, well...rain or shine, folks would still love to see ya. (Off Frank’s look) C'mon, no one should be alone on their birthday.
4) 30) dialog: (Disappointed) Alright. It’s an open invitation, in case you change your mind. Frank watches his friend climb back into his car...
4) 32) dialog: Tell her yourself. She'll be there tonight. Just think about it, okay? Frank hesitates, then finally nods. Tom starts the engine puts his car in gear...and slowly drives away.
8) 0) text: A world transformed by asphalt and steel. Buildings are reaching skyward, automobiles outnumber horses... Frank takes it all in as he makes his way into town. His horse sidesteps awkwardly, weaving between cars...
10) 1) text: ROSALEIGH DONOVAN (40s, Tom’s wife) stands before THIRTY STUDENTS, writing a lesson on the CHALKBOARD... From the corner of her eye, Rosaliegh sees Frank’s reflec in the window. The chalk in her hands suddenly breaks...
11) 5) dialog: What the hell’s going on out here? Patrick and Nathan both turn to face Tom Donovan. BEAT.
11) 7) dialog: Hell, Nathan, I don’t know. You ask me that every day. Just call me Boss, alright? (Confused) What’s everyone looking at? (Then, seeing Frank) Well, shit. That didn’t take long. INT. LEONARD DUSCHENE’S APARTMENT -- SAME TIME LEONARD DUSCHENE (28) stands in the gloomy shadows of his tiny bedroom, a haunted man living in exile-- He watches Frank stop just outside the SUNDRY STORE...
16) 0) text: Reverend Farley comes outside and walks down the street. sees Tom Donovan up ahead and goes over to meet him--
16) 2) dialog: Frank Sullivan. (Off Farley’s look) ‘Saw him ride in.
16) 4) dialog: Eh, fair enough. I just hope things stay quiet.
18) 0) text: Frank climbs back on his horse just as the LARGE BANNER i unfurled above the town’s entrance-- It's a triumphant declaration heralding the end of war, a well as the heroic return of the town's soldier sons. Frank stares at it for a moment. And then, suddenly, he realizes everyone is watching him... Frank takes a final look at the singing veterans. Then El Peterson. And then, finally, his friend Tom Donovan. 19. Frank kicks his horse swiftly and gallops away, passing beneath the banner as he rides out of town...
22) 22) dialog: Yeah, two of ‘em. ‘Only men left in this town under the age of forty. 23.
22) 24) dialog: Last I checked, that’s not against the law. Not yet, anyway. His brother died. Cut him a break.
22) 26) dialog: Who told you that?
22) 28) dialog: Shit. I was worried about that. There have been rumors...
22) 30) dialog: What am I supposed to do?
22) 32) dialog: Hey, take it easy. I’11 look into it, alright? Frank stares at Tom as THUNDER erupts overhead...
22) 33) dialog: Don’t look at me like that. I told you I hate this goddamn job... Tom suddenly turns and disappears back into the crowd. Fr watches him go, then heads the other way... As he walks, Frank overhears PARENTS asking each other wh their children are coming home from the war... 24. Frank looks away, saddened. He glances across the meadow. and sees Leonard Duschene standing all by himself-- The two men stare at each other for a moment...and then t sound of MICROPHONE FEEDBACK causes everyone to look up. Tom Donovan and Reverend Farley are standing at the PODIU
22) 34) dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen...could I have everyone’s attention, please? The music and dancing stop. All eyes turn to Tom--
22) 35) dialog: As most of you probably know by now, I’m no good at making speeches. But I wanted to welcome you all out tonight...and just say thank you for coming. (Applause, then) This is a time for celebration. But we would be remiss if we did not pause to remember those we’ve lost this past year. So, on that note, I'd like to turn it over to Reverend Farley. Morgan? Reverend Farley steps forward. The mood turns grim--
32) 0) text: Sue Fowler stands in the quiet room, staring respectfully clothes that once belonged to Emily Sullivan. She goes through the dresses, one at a time...finally selecting one that seems safe and appropriate. 31. INT. DOCTOR’S OFFICE -- SAME TIME Frank fills a BLACK MEDICAL BAG with supplies... He hears a pair of boots come thunking up the stairs, followed by Tom Donovan’s voice at the door--
32) 1) dialog: Saw your horse outside. You know, for a guy who supposedly doesn’t like coming into town, you sure are doing it a lot, lately. Frank glances at Tom, then continues filling the bag...
32) 2) dialog: You aimin’ to rob the place?
32) 4) dialog: Where is she?
32) 6) dialog: Oh, good. That oughta make for some nice Sunday gossip.
32) 8) dialog: What? Where?
32) 10) dialog: You're serious?
32) 12) dialog: Is she from around here?
32) 14) dialog: But she’s alive?
32) 16) dialog: Alright, let me get my horse.
33) 1) text: Patrick and Nathan come outside and watch Tom climb onto horse. He rides over to meet them--
33) 3) dialog: I need you boys to start gathering a search party...
33) 5) dialog: You get twelve able-bodied men as fast as you can and head out to the Sullivan Ranch. You hear? Nathan looks dumbfounded. Patrick slowly nods--
35) 0) text: Sue steps outside just as Frank and Tom appear over the ridge. They bring their horses to a sudden stop--
36) 1) text: Tom stares at the blood stained floor as Sue inflates a B PRESSURE CUFF around the girl’s arm and checks the redial
36) 3) dialog: What does that mean?
36) 5) dialog: There are different kinds? (Off her look) What does it even matter?
36) 7) dialog: I’1l ask around town, but who would even know such a thing?
36) 9) dialog: Transfuse blood? We never did anything like that in Cuba.
36) 11) dialog: (Grimly ) Yeah, I bet. (Then, stepping closer) I can’t hardly believe it... somebody shot her?
36) 13) dialog: All on the same side, too. (To Frank) What does that tell you?
36) 15) dialog: Wasn’t facing ‘em either. Tom suddenly notices the mangled slug sitting on the tabl
36) 16) dialog: (To Frank) That look like any bullet you've ever seen? Frank hesitates, then slowly shakes his head. Tom turns a crosses the room, staring at the broken window--
36) 17) dialog: How'd she get all the way out here?
37) 0) text: The search party charges through the woods; TWELVE MEN on HORSEBACK armed with GUNS and SCENT-SNIFFING DOGS. Frank and Tom lead the group. The others are all MEN we m recognize -- Patrick & Nathan, the Civil War Vets, etc. They keep pace with the dogs, hot on the girl’s trail...
42) 0) text: Frank and Tom emerge from the woods and find themselves a MAJESTIC LAKE, stretching for miles in every direction... Tom watches their dog sniff along the shoreline--
42) 1) dialog: Goddamnit...it’s as if she just fell out of the sky. Frank stares at the TALL CLIFFS towering above the lake..
42) 2) dialog: C’mon, let’s go... Tom turns to leave, but Frank doesn’t budge--
42) 3) dialog: (Confused) Frank? She didn’t walk on water...
43) 0) text: Frank and his horse reach the top and level out onto flat terrain. Frank dismounts and takes in his surroundings-- He hears the sound of a HORSE struggling to climb. And th Tom appears; his face ashen from the harrowing ascent.
43) 1) dialog: Let’s not do that again. Frank nods up ahead, where the road suddenly bends--
43) 3) dialog: There. Frank takes position in the grass. He stares at the road shifts his weight...something crunches beneath his feet-- Frank picks up a_handful of empty bullet shells.
43) 4) dialog: Jesus Christ. Frank walks over to the cliff’s edge. He stares at the ground, looking for something...and then he finds it-- Faint TIRE TRACKS, like a decaying fossil; nearly washed by the rain, leading right over the edge of the cliff... Frank leans over and peers at the water below; the sun da across the surface like a fortune of golden coins. Beneath the water, oscillating between glimmers of sunlig is a refracted image of a LARGE, BLACK OBJECT...
43) 5) dialog: That what I think it is? Frank hesitates, then slowly nods--
44) 0) text: George sits at Frank’s desk, opening drawers. He searches vigorously, but doesn’t find what he’s looking for. Instead, he discovers a file of NEWSPAPER CLIPPINGS-- The article Frank saved earlier is at the top of the pile .--along with a hand written LETTER, worn and well read-- “Dear Mr. & Mrs. Sullivan, I deeply regret to inform you your son, Private William Sullivan, died this afternoon.. George skims the letter, then flips through the articles, each one detailing the horrors of the past year... George closes the file and puts it away. He goes to shut drawer, but stops when he sees something-- An old PHOTOGRAPH buried beneath a stack of papers... It shows TWENTY YOUNG SOLDIERS standing at the top of a D HILL with an AMERICAN FLAG billowing overhead. A LEGENDARY FIGURE stands in the center-- His thick moustache and coke-bottle glasses identify him clearly as a caption would: President Theodore Roosevelt And then George sees two familiar faces in the back row: FRANK SULLIVAN and TOM DONOVAN; each twenty years old...
45) 0) text: WORK HORSES lurch forward, pulling tightly against long CHAINS running beneath the surface of the lake... Frank, Tom, Nathan, Patrick, and the other SEARCHERS watc the horses move forward, one laborous step at a time... Nathan seems excited, the others concerned. Whatever thes horses are pulling, it appears to be quite heavy... And then, suddenly-- A bullet-ridden MODEL-T FORD breaks through the surface.. The men slowly gather around as the car comes to shore. T peer through the shattered windows, recoiling in horror-- Two DEAD MEN are slumped in the front seat; their bodies destroyed by gunfire, their faces unrecognizable...
45) 1) dialog: Nathan, hand me their wallets. Nathan glances at Tom, the excitement gone from his face. I really have to? Tom’s dark eyes give him the answer... Nathan takes a deep breath and reaches inside the car. Hi hand reappears, clutching two leather WALLETS... Tom steps forward and flips them both open. Each wallet carries a BADGE. The dead men were federal agents.
45) 2) dialog: shit.
50) 0) text: Frank and Tom sit beneath a jeweled sky, their horses kic and snorting in the cold evening air... Frank stares at the wallets of the two dead men--
50) 2) dialog: Too many young people dying these days. That’s for sure. Frank nods sadly and gives the wallets back to Tom. BEAT.
50) 3) dialog: I’1l1 come back tomorrow and help you move the girl into town. (Off Frank’s look) She can’t stay here. This place is the perfect spot for an ambush. Frank looks around for a moment, then slowly nods.
50) 4) dialog: Edward will be with me, so we can get his help, as well.
50) 6) dialog: Sure. And I’1ll have Farley make an announcement. Maybe someone in town knows. Worth a shot. (Beat) I could have my deputies stay here tonight. Incase whoever did this decides to come back. Frank stares at the dark forest, considering the offer--
50) 8) dialog: Alright... Tom sees Sue Fowler standing in Frank’s window. He nods--
50) 9) dialog: You should've seen her during the crisis. It reminded me of you, quiet honestly. Charging with Roosevelt up San Juan Hill... (Beat) People were dying all around her. One after another. But she just kept going. Fearless. Frank looks up at Sue. Tom stares at his friend-- 42.
50) 10) dialog: You ever regret going to the Philippines...after Cuba?
50) 12) dialog: If you had come home, she might not have married George...
50) 14) dialog: No one’s saying you do. But you deserve to be happy. So does she... (Glances at Sue, then) Nobody’d hold it against you. Nobody who matters, anyway. Tom kicks his horse and gallops away. Frank watches his friend disappear in the darkness...
62) 0) text: Tom and Rosaleigh come outside and overhear Reverend Farl talking to a FARMER and his WIFE (Both 50s)--
62) 4) dialog: They're just scared...
62) 6) dialog: Yeah. I know. A distant TRAIN WHISTLE suddenly shrieks and Rosaleigh pu Tom away. Farley watches them race towards the station... INT. LEONARD DUSCHENE’S ROOM -- THAT MOMENT Leonard watches Tom and Rosaleigh charge down the street another TRAIN WHISTLE blows, already getting closer...
63) 0) text: Rosaleigh glances up at Leonard's window as the train whi fades. Her face darkens. She turns to Tom--
63) 3) dialog: You think I’ve forgotten that?
63) 5) dialog: What is it? We get a response?
63) 7) dialog: I’m sure we’ll hear something soon. Keep me posted, okay? Eli reluctantly nods as Tom and Rosaleigh walk away...
64) 0) text: A TRAIN pulls into the station and TWO DOUGHBOYS step ont the platform. A gathering CROWD bursts into APPLAUSE-- EDWARD DONOVAN (Tom’s son, 20) is one of the soldiers. He walks with a faint limp, searching for his parents...
64) 1) dialog: Edward! Edward! Tom and Rosaleigh are standing up ahead. They throw their arms around their son and hold on for dear life.
64) 2) dialog: It’s so good to see you...
64) 4) dialog: My word...welcome home.
67) 0) text: Frank stands with Tom, Rosaleigh, Edward, and Sue; a heav silence weighing between them... Edward stares at PICTURES hanging on the wall, focusing o Kathryn, beautiful in black & white--
67) 10) dialog: Yeah, but nobody’s coming forward. And the next batch of soldiers aren’t due in until next week... 54.
67) 12) dialog: We should probably get going. Frank glances at Sue, then reluctantly nods.
71) 0) text: Frank Sullivan rides into town beside a HORSE-DRAWN WAGON Tom and Edward Donovan are upfront, holding the reins. Su and Rosaleigh are in back, caring for the girl... TOWNSPEOPLE come outside as the wagon passes by. They tur and glance at each other. Suspicious. Afraid.
74) 0) text: Patrick and Nathan cross the street to help Frank, Tom, a Edward lift the girl out of the wagon. 56. Together, they carry her toward Sue’s clinic... TOWNSPEOPLE crowd the other side of the street, watching a distance, refusing to come any closer...
75) 0) text: Frank, Tom, Edward, Rosaleigh, Sue, Patrick, and Nathan c the girl into the clinic and set her down by the window.. Sue checks the girl’s pulse and gives her a shot of MORPH Frank and the others stand nearby, quietly watching... They suddenly hear FOOTSTEPS coming down the hall. The do slowly opens...and Eli enters the room. He looks at everyone, then hands Tom a slip of paper--
75) 6) dialog: ‘Feds are sending some agents out on the morning train.
75) 8) dialog: You can ask ‘em when they get here. I’m sure everyone’s got questions. (MORE )
75) 10) dialog: (To Sue) Gonna have Patrick and Nathan stay here tonight. Just to be safe. Sue nods as the deputies take position at the window...
75) 11) dialog: If you need anything else...I’1l be in my office.
75) 13) dialog: The one with guns in it. Tom tips his hat and leaves with his family. Frank waits the door to shut, then goes to the window-- He watches the Donovan family climb back into their wagon Tom and Rosaleigh both have their arms around Edward... Frank takes a deep breath, then looks down at the young g Her eyes remain closed. She doesn’t even know he’s here.
76) 2) dialog: We all do. AT SUE’S CLINIC Frank stares at the saloon as he un-tethers his horse. He slowly turns...and sees Eli Peterson standing nearby.
83) 4) text: Tom smiles at Rosaleigh as she heads to school. Then he slowly turns and stares out at the horizon-- Tiny puffs of smoke suddenly appear, signaling the immine arrival of FEDERAL AGENTS from Kansas City...
84) 0) text: Frank is scrubbing the table where Sue operated on the gi desperately trying to get the blood off the wood... Edward's newspaper is still lying on the counter. Frank w his hands and picks it up-- THE KANSAS CITY GAZETTE The top fold displays bold HEADLINES announcing the end o war. Frank turns the newspaper over-- His eyes suddenly narrow. Buried in the bottom right hand corner, a small HEADLINE ominously reads-- “MOBSTER TRIAL CONTINUES; WITNESS MISSING, FEARED MURDERE Frank sets the newspaper down...and quickly leaves the ro
85) 0) text: Tom steps onto the platform as a TRAIN pulls into the station, releasing a thick cloud of piping hot steam.. Two FEDERAL AGENTS (Both 30s), dressed in dark suits, ste off the train and take in their surroundings...
85) 1) dialog: You boys from Kansas City? The two agents nod and quickly approach--
85) 3) dialog: Sure am. Tom Donovan. I’m uh... sheriff of this town.
86) 0) text: Kay Anderson, busy stocking shelves, glances out the wind and sees Tom approaching with the two agents... She looks at her husband’s crepe, trembling. Afraid.
88) 0) text: Reverend Farley watches quietly as Tom leads the two agen down the street...and into Sue’s clinic-- INT. DOCTOR’S OFFICE -- MAIN FLOOR -- SAME TIME
88) 1) text: Tom and the agents climb the stairs, in mid-conversation.
88) 2) dialog: «.+.a local rancher found her. We couldn't figure out where she came from...maybe you boys could shed some light on that? The agents glance at each other as Tom reaches for the do INT. DOCTOR’S OFFICE -- CONTINUOUS Sue, Nathan, and Patrick look up as Tom enters with Reyno and Parker. Everyone stands quietly for a moment, then--
88) 3) dialog: Sue, these men are from Kansas City. They’re here for the girl... 64. Sue hesitates, then stands aside. The two agents walk acr the room and stare down at the young girl--
88) 5) dialog: Standing right next to you. Reynolds hesitates, then turns to face Sue--
88) 11) dialog: Gentlemen, do you mind telling us what’s going on?
88) 20) dialog: Down the street...I could take you over there, if you like?
89) 1) text: Eli Peterson looks up as the doorbell chimes. Tom enters Reynolds and Parker--
89) 2) dialog: Eli, these men need to send a wire to Kansas City. 66. Eli slowly nods...and slides a FORM across the desk. INT. DOCTOR’S OFFICE -- SAME TIME Sue peers out the window as she packs for the girl’s trip Tom and the two agents are walking down the street... Sue watches them approach. Suddenly, she hears something in the distance-- GALLOPING HORSE HOOVES...approaching fa
90) 0) text: Frank Sullivan comes riding into town. Tom and the two ag stagger back as he dismounts and approaches--
90) 1) dialog: Gentlemen, this is Frank Sullivan, the rancher I was telling ya about. (Beat) Frank, these men are from Kansas City. They’re here for the girl...
90) 29) dialog: My God. What have you done? Frank stares at his friend as TOWNSPEOPLE come outside, staring at the carnage in the middle of their street-- Then he glances at the school, where Rosaleigh Donovan is struggling to keep her students away from the window... A slight tremor of movement suddenly catches Frank's eye- “Agent Reynolds” is still alive. He slithers along the gr and reaches for his gun... But Frank’s boot comes down hard, snapping his wrist-- Reynolds screams in agonizing pain. Frank kicks the gun a and pulls the dying man up by his collar...
93) 1) text: Frank and Tom stare out the window. Tom suddenly pulls do the blinds. The room goes dark...
93) 2) dialog: Alright, you tell me...what now? Before Frank can respond, there’s a knock at the door--
93) 4) dialog: Earl, I’m a little busy at the moment! I’1l be out in a minute! Tom takes a deep breath and looks back at Frank--
93) 5) dialog: We're in a lot of trouble. INT. DOCTOR’S OFFICE -- SAME TIME Patrick and Nathan stare at the madness in the street--
94) 0) text: Frank and Tom come outside and walk quickly down the stre Everyone watches them, some even shout--
95) 1) text: Eli looks up as Tom enters with Frank-- 71.
95) 2) dialog: Eli, you got the wire those men sent out? I’d like to see it...
95) 4) dialog: (To Eli) We need to wire all nearby towns and ask for help. You ready?
96) 0) text: The doorbell chimes as Tom steps outside. Through the win we can see Eli furiously sending out wires... Tom glances down the street and sees Rosaleigh standing w Kay. She gives him a look: What are you going to do? Tom hesitates, then shrugs: I don't know. 72. Eli suddenly taps on the glass. Tom glances back, the urg in Eli’s eyes draws him to the window--
96) 2) dialog: From which town? Dawson? Sparks?
96) 9) dialog: Tom Donovan, open up. Sue opens the door. Tom bursts into the room-- 73.
96) 10) dialog: ‘Got another wire from Kansas City. Tom hands the message to Frank, who reads it out loud--
96) 12) dialog: Didn't take ‘em long to figure out something was wrong.
96) 15) dialog: Jesus Christ... Tom lets the paper fall to the floor. He goes to the wind as Patrick and Nathan rush forward to pick it up--
96) 18) dialog: Just because we sent a wire doesn’t mean they got it... (Nodding at the newspaper) People this powerful have informants everywhere. Someone got our message and tipped ‘em off... (Then, realizing) ...the feds don’t know what’s happening here. Patrick looks down, Nathan’s eyes flood with panic. 74.
96) 20) dialog: Nothing yet...
96) 22) dialog: Would you? Patrick hesitates, then shakes his head. BEAT.
96) 23) dialog: Those men were just the beginning. They know she’s here. They know we're protecting her. Right now, they’re summoning every resource at their disposal...and heading straight for us.
96) 25) dialog: (Dramatic Beat) ‘Goddamn right.
97) 1) text: Frank and Tom come inside and find Eli standing over the telegraph. His face appears ashen. Something is very wron
97) 3) dialog: What? How?
97) 6) dialog: Or maybe they’re taking the necessary precautions... Tom opens the door and disappears outside. Frank goes to window and stands beside Eli... They stare out at the surrounding forest, wondering if villains are lurking just beyond their view.
98) 0) text: Tom charges down the street, stopping beneath Sue’s windo
98) 1) dialog: (Calling) Patrick! Patrick pokes his head outside--
98) 3) dialog: Get your horse saddled and meet me outside. You’re riding oughta town.
98) 5) dialog: Kansas City. As fast as you can.
100) 0) text: Patrick kicks his HORSE and gallops out of town. Everyone watches him disappear over the ridge... .--and then they hear a distant TRAIN WHISTLE. Frank and Tom walk towards the station, passing scores of TOWNSPEOPLE frozen where they stand...
101) 1) text: Frank and Tom step onto the platform as a distant TRAIN c towards them through blue-grey twilight... Tom slowly exhales. His hands are trembling...
101) 3) dialog: It isn’t fair... (Off Frank’s look) I've done everything I was supposed to do. I didn’t ask to be sheriff and I never went looking for trouble. When you stepped forward and volunteered for the Philippines, I stood aside. My hands are clean... Frank hesitates, then steps closer--
101) 5) dialog: How do you know that?
101) 7) dialog: Let’s just hope the conductor’s willing to help us... The train’s whistle shrieks as it nears the station. Fran and Tom step forward. But then something terrible happens 77. The train doesn't stop. It soars past them with devastati speed, each car a bullet in the air... Frank and Tom watch the train grow small in the distance. this is worse than they could’ve possibly imagined.
103) 5) dialog: What’s going on at the church?
103) 7) dialog: My family over there? 78.
113) 23) dialog: It’s not. Edward stares at his father. Rosaleigh trembles in her se
118) 2) dialog: We should probably stay in the office tonight... (Off their looks) The walls are reinforced by steel. Rosaleigh stares at her husband, then nods...terrified.
126) 1) text: Tom, Rosaleigh, and Edward exchange nervous glances...
133) 1) text: Tom stares quietly out the window, watching his friend ch through the night towards the unknown...
134) 23) dialog: Frank! Frank! That’s enough! You’re killing him! 99. Frank slams George's face into the counter, shards of gla splinter his skin. George drops to the ground-- Frank bends over, about to lift him to his feet... ..+.-when he suddenly hears the click of a gun--
134) 24) dialog: Goddamnit, Frank, I said enough! Frank looks up and sees Tom pointing a SHOTGUN at him fro across the room. His eyes fill with betrayal...and rage.
134) 25) dialog: Back away. Now. Frank slowly approaches his friend--
136) 0) text: Everyone stares at at Frank Sullivan-- He doesn’t ask for any help or offer any explanations. He just puts one foot in front of the other... .--and charges right out the front door. BEAT. Tom watches the door shut, then walks across the room and picks up his deputy’s TIN STAR. He wipes it with his thum 101. .-.the blood smears across the metal, leaving Tom Donovan stare at his own reflection in the brass-colored tin.
141) 0) text: Tom comes inside, shaken and undone. He stares at his wif for a moment, then hears a soft clicking sound... Edward is standing across the room, loading a RIFLE--
141) 1) dialog: What are you doing?
141) 3) dialog: (Hesitates) I hadn’t noticed...
141) 5) dialog: Edward, I asked you a question... why are you loading that rifle? Edward slides a final round into the chamber and slams it home. He turns to face his father--
141) 7) dialog: You never mentioned it in your letters.
141) 9) dialog: Where are you going?
141) 11) dialog: No, damnit, you’re staying here! Your mother and I didn’t wait through that blasted war just to lose you in some street brawl!
141) 13) dialog: You're my child! Edward looks at his father, suddenly calm--
143) 0) text: The stranger’s footsteps echo as he walks quietly along t train. He stops at the engine and slowly turns around... Then, suddenly-- The stranger stops whistling. On that signal, every single car door suddenly opens... FIFTY GANGSTERS step out into the night, dressed in BLACK COATS, dangling TOMMY GUNS like samurai swords...
144) 0) text: Frank grips his gun tightly as he waits in the darkness. hears a faint rustling...and glances across the street-- Leonard Duschene is crouched in an alley, holding his rif Frank nods quietly. Leonard nods back. And then-- Movement from above suddenly catches Frank's eye... TOWNSPEOPLE are taking position to help in the fight-- ..-Charlie Foster throws a rifle up to Ben Sanderson, the climbs a fire escape to the top of the saloon... ..+.-BAR PATRONS take cover in the alleys... ..-Eli Peterson and the Civil War vets crouch along the rooftops, drawing their service revolvers one at a time.. ...-Tom and Edward Donovan stand side by side, each point rifle towards the darkness up ahead...
145) 0) text: The town sits quietly beneath a brilliant FULL MOON, enjo its last few moments of peace and tranquility... Suddenly, the barrel of a TOMMY GUN dips into FRAME, foll by BLACK BOOTS and an army of dark TRENCH COATS...
147) 1) text: Sue looks up at the crack of Frank’s rifle. Outside, GUNF erupts. The terrifying rapid fire of TOMMY GUNS--
148) 0) text: The WWI BANNER falls to the ground as MACHINE GUNS explod Frank and the TOWNSPEOPLE dive for cover as bullets slam buildings, splintering wood and shattering windows... The guns expel thousands of rounds, each with the power t cut a man’s body apart. But then the magazines empty... And the townspeople seize their moment-- They step out of hiding as the gangsters reload. Frank fi again, followed by Leonard, Tom, Eli, Charlie, and Ben-- Five gangsters fall as the rest dive for cover. They relo their TOMMY GUNS...and the bombardment continues--
150) 0) text: The stranger blasts away with his tommy gun as he walks d the street. Calm. Unafraid. Shielded by shadows. He shoots a CIVIL WAR VET. Then a BAR PATRON. Then a RANC on a ROOF. The stranger watches his body slump forward, falling four stories to the ground.
150) 14) dialog: ‘The hell are those things?!
150) 16) dialog: What?!
150) 23) dialog: Are you hurt? Where are you hit?!
150) 29) dialog: It’s his leg... Sue gives Edward a shot of MORPHINE and shoves a piece of wood between his teeth...
154) 3) dialog: God, no...
156) 1) text: Tom takes a bullet in the arm and falls to the ground. Ed tries to help, but GUNFIRE drives him away...
156) 2) dialog: Stay back! Stay back! GANGSTERS cross the street, about to finish them off...
158) 1) text: Tom and Edward both hear a hollow click as their guns run of bullets. GANGSTERS surround them...
160) 0) text: The stranger stands in the shadows, watching from a dista as Frank urges Rosaleigh to jump off the roof... AT THE SHERIFF’S OFFICE Tom and Edward struggle to get to their feet. They shout encouragement as Frank steps closer--
163) 1) text: Sue comes over and kneels beside the Donovans... Frank crouches nearby, loading a RIFLE and two REVOLVERS. gives the handguns to Edward and Tom, then stands to leav
163) 2) dialog: Where you going? Frank nods at Sue’s distant clinic--
168) 2) text: The life in Frank’s eyes is fading fast. And the stranger boots have stopped just outside the door. With his last ounce of strength, Frank puts the loaded gu into the girl’s hands...and pulls back the hammer. 118. Frank stares at the girl for a dramatic moment, then fall into her lap as the door softly opens... The girl slowly looks up, horrified-- The stranger enters the room, each footstep slow and omin He holds up his lantern and looks right at her... The girl’s breathing quickens. She clearly recognizes him The stranger smiles and takes another step forward. And t he shifts his glance to Frank Sullivan lying on the floor The girl’s eyes narrow with steely resolve. No longer afr Sensing an opportunity. She raises Frank’s revolver... .--and pulls the trigger. The lantern shatters as the bullet explodes the stranger’ skull. A mesh of brains, blood, and teeth splatter the wa The stranger drops to his knees... And then his body falls forward like a giant tree, hittin the wooden floor with a dull, sickening thud. The girl’s breathing grows calm. She slowly lowers the smoking gun...and looks down at Frank Sullivan-- His eyes appear vacant and his chest rises and falls with shallowest of breaths. We are watching him die... ..-but then the young girl’s hand dips into frame, caress his neck. She leans down and wraps her arms around him... And Frank seems to draw strength from her embrace... More HANDS suddenly appear. The surviving TOWNSPEOPLE hoi Frank into the air and carry him over to the table... Sue Fowler immediately goes to work... Tom and Edward help the girl walk across the room and sit down in a chair. She turns and looks out the window-- Bodies litter the street. The girl's eyes go wide... She glances back at Frank Sullivan, lying on the table, surrounded by friends fighting to save his life. Frank Sullivan, a man she’s never met, but who risked everything to save her. For reasons she may never know.