24) 0) text: Red dirt street. Shacks. Joe and James walk around to the back of "AUNT HONEY'S" house. The donkey has been tied to Aunt Honey's fence.
24) 3) dialog: What the hell am I supposed to do with that donkey, Joe?
24) 5) dialog: I don't sell donkey, Joe. And Jumpin' in the Army ain't gone make this boy go away. Joe looks away from Honey.
24) 7) text: Look after yourself Junior. Aunt Honey and James watch Joe cross the street and disappear.
24) 8) dialog: Everybody gotta be somewhere. What's your name, sugar?
24) 10) dialog: Guess you Little Junior now. Honey turns to a small two story building in the rear of yard.
24) 11) dialog: Big Junior! A huge 15 year old boy comes out of the building and begi walking down the stairs. This is the younger version of B Junior who we met outside the jail.
24) 12) dialog: You show me you can bring it in you an me ain't got no problem. (as Junior approaches)
24) 13) text: Junior'll show y'how to do. 59 EXT. THE TERRY. STREET. DAY. Big Junior leads James away from Aunt Honey's. Big Junior turns to James.
25) 0) text: Soldiers disembark from a troop Bus. Big Junior and James stand on the platform playing and dancing in bare feet. T soldiers ignore James. We again begin to hear "James' Theme" in James' head. He dances faster, sharper. The soldiers stop and take notice his ever sharping skill. 61 INT. AUNT HONEY'S PARLOR. LATER THAT NIGHT. The Brothel is in full swing. Girls. Soldiers. Drunks. Hustlers. Music. Ten soldiers scramble over only five prostitutes. James hands over money to Aunt Honey. She bundles him up kisses him. He holds onto her tightly. She sets him down.
25) 1) dialog: You done good Little Junior. You the sweetest little boy in the world. Hear me? James nods as two soldiers begin fighting over one of the prostitutes. Each pulling her in a different direction. Honey rises.
25) 2) dialog: (to James)
25) 3) text: Go on in the kitchen. Find you a scrap to eat. Aunt Honey pulls out a knife that has been nuzzled inside bra. James watches as she fixes the situation. 62
27) 0) text: James lies awake in a bed with four or five other sleepin bodies. He looks out of the window. Dawn is breaking thro a cracked pane. Way off in the distance he hears music and singing. He ge out of bed. He passes a room, TWO SOLDIERS wait their turn with one o Aunt Honey's PROSTITUTES. James reaches the front of the house. He looks to Honey, cold in a chair. A needle protrudes from her harm. He walks out of the house passing several people asleep i the yard. 68
43) 0) text: Aunt Honey and James lie in bed together.   James has bee crying.
43) 1) dialog: Don't cry, Little Junior. Don't cry. Now, child, I want you to listen to me. You gone be okay. You hear me? Little Junior, you were born dead. Did you know that? James shakes his head.
43) 2) dialog: When your great Aunt pulled you into this world you were dead. You had gone cold. She slapped your ass hard too but you never drew a breath. Your momma and daddy had to say goodbye to you. But then your Great Aunt breathed in you one last time. And then you turned warm and then you screamed. So loud we heard it all the way here in Augusta. You're special, boy. Cause you got the spirit in you. And that spirit told me you gone be a rich man, Little Junior. And Everybody gone know your name. Ain't nothin' can touch you. You hear me? Nothin'. James nods.