12) 0) text: BEN BART, 50's, running along the corridor backstage. He reaches the door with JAMES BROWN written on it. Outside an enormous, middle aged black woman, knitting.
12) 1) dialog: I need to speak to James.
12) 3) dialog: Gertrude, it's important.
12) 8) text: I said I didn't want to be disturbed. (holds out his hand) That'll be twenty dollars. Gertrude walks over and hands James the same twenty spot gave her. Ben winks at Gertrude as she exits. BEN BART
12) 10) text: Huh? BEN BART
12) 14) text: We here to play, James. BEN BART
12) 15) text: You're here because they want you here, James. You're James Brown! I want you here. Because this isn't the chitlin' circuit man. We're done with that shit. This is an audience full of white faces and you're gonna make them love you. You're just not closing the show. His eyes focus. BEN BART (CONT'D)
12) 21) text: They ain't even ever played in America. Have they? James passes a dressing room where a group is rehearsing. BEN BART
12) 23) text: And it's my business to hear what they got to say about this. He passes another dressing room with a group of guys harmonizing. James stops, glances at the VERY WHITE CALIFORNIA GROUP a then to Ben. BEN BART
12) 32) text: I'll be on stage in five. They better be ready. And the white people. BEN BART
12) 36) text: You know you out of sight- IN THE WINGS - The Stones and Ben Bart watch a television being fed the show in real time. A big smile crosses Ben's face.
40) 0) text: A receptionist shows the rest of the band in. The Flames Ralph, Syd Nathan, Ben Bart, and James.
40) 1) dialog: Come in Boys. Come in. There's no chairs. They stand. BEN BART (CONT'D)
40) 5) text: Sir, this ain't right. BEN BART
41) 4) dialog: James, Recording live is five, six times as expensive as the studio. And that's for some violin concerto at the Met. No one jumps up and shouts "Blow it fucker!" in the middle of The Magic Flute.
41) 16) dialog: I'm not going to let you do that, Jimmy. JAMES
41) 17) text: Book it out next week for the whole week, go in, we drill it, we drill it, we drill it, then we drop it. BEN BART
41) 20) text: I don't understand cos I'm just the "show"? Is that all I am to you, Pop? The show? The money? BEN BART
41) 22) text: Sure it is. That's all me and my black brothers are to the "White Devil". We the show and you the money. And that's how the White Devil keeps it all. BEN BART
41) 28) dialog: I'll call Nola Sound. They got these new three track stereo recorders from Ampex.
41) 30) dialog: We'll need the band in New York immediately.
41) 32) dialog: Sapphire Blue. Underwear too. How does that sound? Pop smiles as does James. 87 INT./EXT. CAR/ APOLLO THEATER. 1962. NIGHT. Ben Bart drives a sedan. James rides in the front seat.
42) 8) dialog: I think its too late for that. You ain't got a breeze, Syd. You got a hurricane. James looks at Bobby. Bobby nods. James nods back. The ba vamp.
45) 0) text: James and Ben Bart walk up a street. They turn a corner t see a gleaming new Cadillac parked next to the Fish House We see a DRIVER inside. The driver exits.
46) 5) text: -sure we planning, see I ask myself, what if we don't got fluctuating sales. What if you knocking the tar out of every show. Ben Bart watches James with a new outlook on his partner friend. BART
46) 12) dialog: Better than Lenny Franks?
48) 12) dialog: (to James)
50) 0) text: Ben Bart counts bundles of cash. He shuts a case full of money. Hands it to 300lb MINDER. An ASSISTANT tries to handcuff it to his wrist. It won't close.
55) 10) text: So what's your favorite food? James catches Dede's eye. She and James share a knowing l with Bobby. Bobby takes the mic as James walks away to a side room where Ben Bart is waiting.
67) 0) text: A casket lays at the bottom of a grave that has been dug. TEN MALE FUNERAL ATTENDEES IN SUITS AND YAMMAKAS take tur shoveling dirt onto Ben Bart's casket. Dede and James stand to the side. Completely distraught. James starts to panic and lowers to the ground. Dede catc him under the arm. One of the men approach James with the shovel.      James bring himself to put dirt on the casket. 131 INT. RECORDING STUDIO. LOS ANGELES. NIGHT. BAND MEMBERS FITTED WITH THEIR AFRICAN DASHIKIS are rolli funky vamp together into a groove. Clyde hits a fat `pop beat. Sweet Charles locks the bass line in to the beat. Country finds a chunky B-flat-9 rhythm on the guitar and groove takes shape. The door opens. James and Teddy walk in. James and Teddy' hair is cut into a short natural. Everyone looks at each other. JAMES