6) 0) text: Marva Whitney, Clyde Stubblefield, Jimmy Nolen, MACEO PAR Waymond Reed and BOBBY BYRD sit in a line opposite a line soldiers. The soldiers hold rifles. The band hold instruments.
6) 2) dialog: What was that? They glance at each other nervously. PING! PING! PING! OUTSIDE - A rocket propelled grenade streaks up out of th canopy and explodes near the plane, rocking it violently. BELOW - The world explodes, as Napalm sears across a foot pitch size of jungle, a hundred feet below.
6) 3) dialog: They're shooting at us.
6) 19) dialog: Sounds good, Mr. Brown. Bobby smiles at James. The plane lurches again, Bobby screams.
8) 9) dialog: No sir, Mr. Brown. As they approach the hanger filled with troops, a chant begins inside.
8) 17) dialog: (under his breath)
12) 12) text: The Rolling Stones, huh? James to Bobby. JAMES (CONT'D)
12) 13) text: Then why we here, Bobby? BOBBY
12) 16) text: James. Now don't start. Let it go. BOBBY
12) 35) text: You got your high-heel sneakers on- The teens in the audience lose it. Bobby Byrd and the Fla in immaculate tuxedos snap and step in time. JAMES (CONT'D)
18) 8) text: Thank you, Mr. Avalon.   And please call me, Mr. Brown As Frankie nods and walks away, James catches eyes with B BYRD, 30. Bobby stares quizzically at James as he remains the floor in his split.
18) 9) dialog: Get up, James.
18) 11) dialog: A thousand, maybe five thousand.
18) 13) dialog: In white boy sweater.
18) 16) dialog: You got it boss.
21) 1) dialog: We the Gospel Starlighters, from right here in Toccoa. Three Four.. The vocal group rip into a juiced up "Mary Don't You Weep And its good. James watches intently. The music plays ove James begins to sing along and dance. Two rows back, a hu badass looking kid is staring. James turns and stares straight back. The big kid walks up to James.
21) 6) dialog: Someone threw something. JAMES
21) 8) text: Walk in the jungle sometimes you get bit by a snake. BOBBY
21) 10) text: Say. What's that song you done? BOBBY
21) 12) text: I ain't heard nothing since my radio got busted. That's a cool song bro'. You sung it great. That sounded real sweet. BOBBY BYRD
21) 14) text: Only thing keeps me sane in here. BOBBY
21) 16) text: Five to thirteen years. Bobby moves his chair an inch or two away. BOBBY
21) 18) text: Robbed a suit. A nurse leads Bobby inside the exam room. BOBBY
21) 19) text: They give you five to thirteen for... (Shakes his head) That's time man. James turns to the doorway and continues talking to Bobby the nurse tends to his nose. JAMES
21) 20) text: Tell me about it. BOBBY
21) 22) text: Board say I need a permanent family address and a job. But see I don't know no folks here. BOBBY
21) 24) text: My Daddy's in the army. And my momma... well, she left. BOBBY
21) 25) text: Sorry to hear that. They sit there. BOBBY (CONT'D)
21) 26) text: Seriously. You think I sung it good? James looks at Bobby. He moves his seat a bit closer to t door. JAMES
21) 28) text: See without that feel, song just sit there. Don't move. You gotta fill it with something. You know what I'm sayin'? Suddenly James breathes in deep, and sings "Mary Don't Yo Weep". It's sweet, hard, deep, raw all at the same time. James holds the chair and begins to dance. The nurse shuts the door.   Bobby and James stay on each through glass. James' talent hits Bobby like a ten pound hammer between eyes. A warden forces James to his chair. We hear one unforgettable line of the song before we... 50 ESTABLISHING. TOCCOA STREET. THE BYRD HOUSE. 1952. DAY.
21) 29) dialog: He can do Roy Brown and The Dominoes and Louis Jordan and and... 51
21) 31) dialog: -you should hear'm holler momma! You ain't heard nothing LIKE IT. He sings every day in chapel. He's a very, very religious boy Momma. He could sing in St. Stephens!
21) 34) dialog: He sings every day in chapel. He's a very, very religious boy Momma. He could sing in St. Stephens! Since Old Henry passed you been shy a baritone...he a showstopper. Momma? This is it. It's like a miracle. This is what Jesus wants! He knows he's over-done it.
21) 36) dialog: Momma, he could be in there another ten year just `cause he got no folks. He got no-one.
21) 38) dialog: What's that thing you always told me, since I was real small. About Mercy. What's that saying momma? That thing you always say? She glares at her son. 52
22) 0) text: Dinner at the Byrds. Mom, Pop, and Grandpa, sister SARAH, year old brother DARYL, BOBBY.... and James. He's clearly uncomfortable. James' eyes dart around the well-appointed dining room wi its beautiful wallpaper and curtains hanging from a windo James traces the lines of the curtain noticing its lace a perfect pleats.
22) 5) dialog: Grandpa-
22) 7) text: You know how would have felt you bringing this boy over here? BOBBY
22) 8) text: Big momma married you and you were in the pokey before. Bobby gets a look from his mom. MRS. BYRD
22) 9) text: Bobby Byrd! GRANDPA BYRD
22) 10) text: (to Bobby) If I'm going to be forced to have a jailbird in my house I at least like to know what I'm dealing with. BOBBY
22) 11) text: Grandpa- James looks to Bobby. JAMES
22) 12) text: No. He got a right to ask. I am a jailbird. I've done wrong and I gotta own up to that. James turns to Bobby's grandfather. JAMES (CONT'D)
22) 23) text: This out to fit ya. Grandpa Byrd throws the suit on top of James and exits. James smiles at his new suit. 53 INT. BYRD HOUSE. NEXT MORNING. Bobby comes in with NAFLOYD and BABY ROY who are all dres for church
22) 24) dialog: There's coffee in the kitchen, Nafloyd. Make yourselves at home. (Calls)
22) 25) text: James! Bobby vaults upstairs.
22) 26) dialog: James. Come meet the band. Opens a door. INSIDE James has Sarah pressed up against t wall. They are having vigorous sex. James' pants are arou his ankles. Sarah's church dress is pushed up her body. Sarah has her hand over James' mouth trying to keep him quiet. Bobby throws it into reverse, shutting the door. Did he j see that? A full gamut of emotions cross his face. Mrs. Byrd starts up the stairs.
22) 28) dialog: She's coming, Momma. She's coming.
22) 30) dialog: Go fix Nafloyd and the boys some coffee. We got guests, Momma. Mrs Byrd nods and heads down the stairs.
26) 0) text: The band has just gotten their hair-cut like Louis Jordan (and James Brown). Bobby Byrd looks at his hair in the mirror.
26) 1) dialog: I don't know, James.   This don't look too gospel.
26) 6) text: We just playin' around with "Caldonia" when we practicing. That don't make us R &amp; B. We still Gospel. 63 INT. BIG BILL'S RENDEZVOUS. TOCCOA, 1954. NIGHT. The place is packed. On stage the 22 year old Little Rich is all over the piano, singing the hell out of Tutti Frut AT THE BACK -- Bobby and the band stand in shock and awe.
26) 9) dialog: (Frustrated)
26) 12) dialog: What? James turns to Bobby.
26) 16) text: Why not? Like you said, Nafloyd, "We just playin' around with "Caldonia". So let's go play around. Bobby nods, and James strides towards the stage and gets The others look at each other: HOLY SHIT! and scramble af him. James gestures to them to pick up instruments. JAMES BROWN (CONT'D)
26) 19) text: We're the Famous Flames. Nafloyd looks at Bobby. NAFLOYDS
26) 22) text: What is that? IN THE WINGS - the club manager watches on unsure what to ON STAGE - James and Bobby, hollering into the same mic a ripping the place up. IN THE WINGS - Little Richard appears at his side, fuming
32) 4) text: That chick I met after the Stone Mountain Show. Velma. A silence falls. BOBBY
32) 6) text: Oh, I'll still harmonize with Sarah from time to time. BOBBY
32) 8) text: Do all what? BOBBY
32) 10) text: I ain't startin' nothin', Bobby. Except what we doin'. James reaches under the bed and pulls out the acetate the just recorded. JAMES (CONT'D)
32) 11) text: That us. We in there Bobby. James holds the record close and studies it with Bobby. BOBBY
35) 1) text: James continues to sing. Only now he's humming as if work out a new way into "Lost Someone". We widen to see The Flames, Baby Roy, Nafloyd, Bobby and James pushing an old crappy Chevy station wagon down the road. Nafloyd has the easy job of keeping the steering wh straight. Nafloyd is clearly annoyed by James' humming.
35) 8) text: You know how it be done. You got it all worked out. Don't you? BOBBY BYRD
35) 10) text: Let's all take a break for a minute. Everyone stops pushing. Bobby turns to Nafloyd. Fuming. BOBBY BYRD
35) 12) text: I know what you said. BOBBY BYRD
35) 16) text: I know you he said fill her up, Baby Roy! Problem is we don't got the dough to fill it. (to Bobby) We don't got the dough because Bobby here let James spend all our money on some fake record which is right now sittin' in trash cans outside King, outside RCA, outside Chess. (to James) You took all our money, James. Where my money at? They are about to throw down.
35) 20) text: Right now. This lands hard on Bobby's ears.    He smiles
35) 21) dialog: So, push the Wagon, Nafloyd. Nafloyd resumes pushing the wagon. 79   INT. PEACHES DINER. 1955. EARLY MORNING. James stands in the rear of an African American diner tal on a pay phone. He's a sweaty mess having walked through night. His face drops.   It registers sudden concern.
35) 24) dialog: The Tuxedo Room already cancelled tonight's show. Said if we couldn't show up last night then why we gonna show up tonight. James shrugs.
35) 25) dialog: Now we got twenty four hours to get to Prestonville. Hundred and forty miles West. We got no gas. No bread. No show. I miss anything? JAMES
35) 26) text: Velma's pregnant again. Bobby looks at him. Deadpan. BOBBY
35) 27) text: Congratulations. James nods. BOBBY (CONT'D)
35) 28) text: So now, we gotta make us a business decision. He reaches in his pocket. Puts a few coins on the table. BOBBY (CONT'D)
35) 30) text: Knock yourself out. A black waitress comes over. Bobby acts as if he's a high roller. Living the life. Perusing the menu. BOBBY
35) 31) text: Hey honey. Can I get me a coffee... Looks at James. Now for the ultimate luxury. BOBBY (CONT'D)
35) 37) text: Y'all's broke ass is splittin' that donut, ain't you? Bobby starts to laugh. WAITRESS (CONT'D)
35) 38) text: I'll bring it with a knife. James winks before the waitress walks away. BOBBY
35) 40) text: Oh no. BOBBY
35) 43) text: (whispering) I ain't supposed to leave Bibb County without telling my parole officer. BOBBY
35) 44) text: Shit James! What we do? Bobby looks around and James has disappeared under the ta Bobby drops like a stone under the table as well. Bobby peers around the booth for a peek. BOBBY (CONT'D)
35) 46) text: I can't go back to prison Bobby. The waitress sits the man down at a nearby table. WHITE GUY
35) 49) text: Everything right. Bobby and James look at each other. JAMES BROWN
35) 50) text: (pole-axed) King records? Bobby crawls out from under the table suddenly all busine BOBBY
35) 51) text: Evening, Sir. I'm Bobby Byrd this is my associate James Brown. James crawls out and stands before RALPH BASS. JAMES
35) 52) text: Hi. BOBBY
35) 53) text: I understand you're looking for the Famous Flames. LATER AT THE DINER - Bobby and James sit with Ralph Bass. breakfast crowd has cleared out. RALPH BASS
35) 54) text: I'm Ralph Bass from Federal records in Cincinnati. An imprint of King Records. I heard your acetate. I want you to come to Cincinnati. I want you to make a record for King. Bobby looks back at him. Nods.
35) 55) dialog: King records. As in King Records. The King records. The waitress arrives with a donut and a plate of steak an eggs. She places the steak and eggs in front of James and winks.
35) 57) dialog: Uh.. That's not me. That's uh. That's James.
37) 4) text: What we stop for? That was cookin'. Everyone looks pissed at James who seems agitated. Byrd's nervous they're wasting time. BOBBY
37) 6) text: It ain't right. It's too slow.     We gotta pick up the pace fellas. James begins to pace.   Bobby grows concerned. BOBBY
37) 10) text: I know it's a ballad, Mr. Bass. But a ballad is supposed to get her in the mood, not put her to sleep. The Flames all look at Bobby who looks at the impatient f waiting on the other side of the glass. BOBBY
40) 2) text: Boys, I have something to show you. He hands them each a record sleeve. They look down. BOBBY
40) 7) text: (Stunned) James? James stares straight ahead. Nafloyd throws the record at wall. Bobby stands there, stunned. Slowly, James looks at Bobby and then crosses to him. JAMES
40) 8) text: Bobby. It's just a name. Ain't nothing different between us. This for all us not just me. It's gone be good. Bobby stares back. Nafloyd steps up to James. NAFLOYD
40) 9) text: James Brown. I never liked you. Come on. Let's get outta here.. He turns and walks away with the band.    Bobby rises and follows out the door.
42) 4) dialog: (Ice cool)
42) 12) text: I feel aaaaaaaallllriiiiiiight. Les Buie whacks the guitar strings and the world ceases t spin. A rising 6/8 blues riff pulses up like adrenaline. As he sings the song, a shock wave blasts out from the st of the theatre on 125th street and into the Universe. Bobby might as well be sitting on the moon.    He never m a beat.
42) 17) dialog: Gertrude. Get everybody out.
42) 21) dialog: Mr. Brown. Excuse me. Mr. Brown. (Then)
42) 22) text: ...James. James stops. Turns to face Bobby's grave expression. whispers in James' ear.
42) 23) dialog: There's a woman here, Mr. Brown. She says she's your mother. James stops dead. COMPLETELY STILL. We push in. He doesn' blink. 91
44) 0) text: The band on the bus. Bobby Bennet frowns and turns to Bob Byrd. A new girl, YVONNE FAIR, gets on. DOWN THE BUS -- The others watch.
44) 2) dialog: (quietly)
54) 6) dialog: They're closed, Dede.
54) 8) text: You ready. You ready? OK. Open `em. (Bobby does. )
54) 9) text: Check it Bobby. Is that something? Bobby opens his eyes and sees a Lear Jet stands on a runw "James Brown" on the side.
54) 11) dialog: Yeah brother. That's something. Velma pulls up in another car. It's full of James kids. T plus four more. He picks them all up and hugs them. As he does, Bobby sheepishly greets Velma.
54) 12) dialog: Hey Velma.
55) 0) text: James is giving a press conference to a group of journali Bobby, Teddy and Dede stand next to James. INTERVIEWER
55) 10) text: So what's your favorite food? James catches Dede's eye. She and James share a knowing l with Bobby. Bobby takes the mic as James walks away to a side room where Ben Bart is waiting.
56) 0) text: BART, James study at a map. BOBBY sits across the aisle.
56) 6) dialog: Well see, James started out in Augusta. Then his family moved to Toccoa. That's where we met.
56) 9) text: And they left... BOBBY BYRD
56) 11) text: (interrupting) Bobby? What's the name of the theater in Spartanburg... BOBBY
56) 17) text: Wow. He's got an amazing memory. Bobby nods to himself. BOBBY
59) 7) text: Suddenly he pulls her to him. They NEARLY share a kiss. B laugh instead. Bobby turns his head to a hotel balcony. Vicki grabs Bobb face and turns it back toward her.
59) 9) text: She sexily rises and goes and sits on a lounger. Bobby watches her all the way. She catches his eye. Looks him, raises an eyebrow like "what you looking at?" He fei innocence, turns, and smiles.
60) 3) dialog: Means less sharp. Bring it down. Fred nods.
60) 14) dialog: When?
61) 8) text: (Innocently) Something wrong, Maceo? (SILENCE. Directly) Is something wrong, Maceo? BOBBY BYRD
61) 9) text: James- James rounds on Bobby. JAMES
61) 13) text: You late, you off or you hold us up, it's no good, Mr. Byrd. Its gonna cost you 50 dollars. Bobby's jaw tightens. Everyone holds their breath. JAMES (CONT'D)
61) 14) text: Now are you ready Mr. Byrd. Are you ready Mr. Byrd? Pause. BOBBY BYRD
61) 16) text: Good. I ain't fattening frogs for snakes. From the top. One Two... COLD SWEAT resumes. Bobby sings his backing part. James stands in the middle of the floor. Its good but- JAMES BROWN
62) 0) text: The recording session is over. James has long since gone. Maceo and Bobby relax at the bar.
62) 2) dialog: I hang in there cause I remember the day that I knew. Knew I was never gonna be in front. He looks at Maceo with a calm, measured sense of reality.
62) 3) dialog: You work so hard at this one thing and then one day you realize it ain't supposed to be you. You can get mad. Try to fight it but if it's God's truth. It's God's truth. James is supposed to be in front. I saw it happen. And the man in front has to BE the man in front. It ain't always pretty but that's the man's responsibility if he wanna stay there. And you and me can't know what that is. We ain't supposed to. So, don't lie to yourself Maceo. Every man in this band walks taller because he with James Brown. Every man in this band believe in himself a little more because he's with James Brown.
62) 5) dialog: No. But my ears a' open. Open your ears, Maceo. He's a genius. And he's takin' us with him.
63) 10) dialog: It's King. They shot Dr. King.
72) 8) text: I don't think you understand. James looks to Bobby. MACEO
72) 12) text: I'll tell ya what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna think about it. That's all. They look at each other and file out. Waymon, Pee Wee, Ma Kush and Jimmy Nolen file out. Leaving Bobby and James al SILENCE. He looks at the empty room. Smiling. Unable to show any p JAMES
72) 13) text: (He shakes his head.) It's like I always say Bobby. You gotta know who you are. You got to know where you are in this world. Five minutes ago, those boys were the best band on the planet. Now they nothing. Now they a bunch of sidemen with their hearts beatin' fast. Maceo comin' in here talking about my taxes. All I've done for this country and they comin' after James Brown? How you gone keep everybody happy? Huh? And stay on top? You along for the ride while everything is groovy and now they gone kick me when I'm down? People either on the bus or they off it. James crosses to the door and opens it for Bobby to exit JAMES BROWN
72) 14) text: (He turns to Bobby.) Well go on. Get out of here. Y'might catch `em they gone need a singer. Bobby rises and walks past James into the foyer. He turns BOBBY
72) 15) text: Negro, what makes you think I'm leaving? I been here all the time, Mr. Brown. I'm still here. James looks at Bobby. JAMES
72) 16) text: See that's the thing about the funk. The funk don't quit. BOBBY
72) 18) text: Cause if the funk gone up'n'quit that's it. BOBBY
72) 20) text: Are we done here Mr. Byrd? BOBBY
72) 22) text: Are we done? BOBBY
72) 24) text: That's right. Two Musketeers. Bobby looks at James. Remembers. Beams. James beams back. Then, James is all business. JAMES (CONT'D)
72) 25) text: What's those kids from Cincinnati. The New Dapps...Blackenizers? Who that kid play bass? BOBBY
74) 19) text: He spins around and runs up to the microphone.   He repla himself and begins to sing. SCREAMS. HORNS VAMPING. James performs out of his skin. A medley of three songs, "Soul Power," into "Sex Machine," "Super Bad". Backup dancers and singers are tearing it up! On James' signal the rag tag band of kids behind the godfather of soul take off like a rocket ship into one of above songs. It sounds nothing like the old version. Its urgent, stripped down. The Bootsy's bass rumbles like tro brewing and Catfish's over driven guitar slicing clean through the hook. Before them a standing room crown dance and sing from the stage to all the way back to entrance James and Bobby look at each other. Holy shit. James drops into the splits, flips up again. The crowd is seeing something for the first time on Europ soil. They erupt with joy and begin dancing in their seat
74) 22) dialog: You know what I think? After we put out my next solo album, I bet I could play Paris or the Apollo. James TUNES IN
74) 24) dialog: I was just saying when me and you put out my new record, I bet I could fill this place all myself. No problem. James stiffens at this comment.
74) 26) dialog: No I don't think you slippin'.   You James Brown. You ain't never slippin'. I was just...
74) 28) dialog: No.
74) 30) dialog: No, James! I haven't told nobody but you. We were just talking.
74) 33) text: Bobby, how you gone stand on your own feet? You just spent twenty years gettin' fat on a man's dollar. I produce a record for you and now it's gone to your head. You go talking big behind my back. You go sneaking round, raising heat off another man's name. We here, we doing something and you making plans sucker? Bobby gets more upset. He's using a tone with James we've never heard before. BOBBY
74) 35) text: I'm ashamed of you, Bobby. And you should be ashamed of you. Now you tryin' to run around with Vicki. Don't jive yourself bro'. Now, Vicki, she could fill this place. BOBBY
74) 37) text: But she's been my business before. Bobby walks up close to James and stares him in the eye. balls his fist. BOBBY
74) 40) dialog: I said I can't do this no more. James looks absolutely poleaxed. THEN. He laughs. And loo at Bobby, almost affectionately.
74) 42) dialog: I ain't leaving you on your own, Mr. Brown. You already on your own. Always were. He shakes his head and walks across the stage.   He turns
74) 43) dialog: Is that God too? Bobby turns and leaves James ALONE. 140
75) 0) text: Bobby walks across the big empty stage and for a split se looks right at us. He continues past us and away.
75) 2) text: Bobby? Get everybody out of here and wait outside. Bobby ushers the guests outside. James sits opposite his mother. She is very, very uncomfortable but trying to appear relaxed. SUSIE
76) 0) text: We return to the day that Susie left. We stay on her face she leaves her family behind. Tears stream down her cheek James tries to chase after his mother but Joe restrains h Joe pulls a pistol from his belt. He fires. Bark explodes from a tree a few feet from where Susie is walking. Susie flinches but never turns. 144 INT. CORRIDOR. Bobby waits. The door opens, and Susie comes out, tears i her eyes. She looks wildly into Bobby's face who has clea heard everything. She runs off down the corridor. Bobby looks through the open door. Devastated, James sits staring at the floor. He looks up at Bobby.
79) 0) text: A pool cleaning truck pulls up outside a suburban home. A thirty something white guy gets out with a satchel. He rings on the door. Bobby Byrd, aged sixty, comes out of his house in a robe and slippers.
79) 2) dialog: Got a real algae problem.
79) 4) dialog: Sure. You need anything, I be inside. As the Pool Cleaner walks around to the back yard, Bobby walks towards the pool cleaning truck parked on the street. 153A   EXT. STREET. BEHIND TRUCK. MOMENTS LATER. Bobby pulls out a pack of cigarettes from his pocket as he walks behind the truck. He pulls out a smoke and lights up. Bobby soon notices a Limo parked on the other side of the street. He stares at it for a while. The door opens. James Browns gets out of the Limo and waves. Bobby watches as James approaches. He's clean and sober in a suit looking sharp. James' appearance and presence throws Bobby.
79) 5) dialog: Mr. Brown. They shake hands.
79) 9) text: Well I was just passing. Playing a show tonight at the Omni. BOBBY
79) 11) text: Say. Maybe you and Vicki could come along. We got a great new horn section. Tight. We getting there. BOBBY
79) 13) text: Well you think about it. See what Vicki say. Bobby laughs. Rumbled. BOBBY
79) 14) text: Yeah. She still in charge. They both chuckle at this. A nod of understanding. But th BOBBY (CONT'D)
79) 16) text: Teddy's funeral. Bobby pauses, grows uncomfortable. Bobby throws his cigar to the ground and stomps it out. BOBBY
79) 18) text: You know, Bobby, they still don't know what happened to Teddy and that boy. Those boys weren't drinkin' or doin' drugs. BOBBY
79) 20) text: No sir. Nothin' like that. He was a good boy. The car just hit that bridge head on. We ain't ever gone know how or why. They say he didn't feel a thing. Bobby nods. BOBBY
79) 22) text: But we brought him back to Augusta didn't we? Got him home then sent him on to the Lord. BOBBY
79) 24) text: OK. Mr. Byrd. I fixed your problem. I'll be back in the Spring to open her up. BOBBY
79) 26) text: No no. We'll send the bill on. Well that's that. Good day Gentlemen. He gets in his truck and pulls away leaving Bobby and Jam standing in an awkward silence. JAMES
79) 27) text: Look at that. We got white folk cleaning our pool. Come a long way huh, Mr. Byrd? BOBBY
79) 28) text: Yeah. We come a long way. Suddenly this is awkward. For both of them. Bobby defuses JAMES
79) 29) text: You still makin' the steps, Mr. Byrd? BOBBY
79) 31) text: You hurtin' a little in the hips? BOBBY
79) 33) text: Not me. I just get stronger ever day. Gettin' better every day. James pulls out two concert tickets from his jacket and h them to Bobby. JAMES (CONT'D)
79) 35) text: (Sings) Oh, Mary Don't You Weep... Bobby listens. And remembers. JAMES (CONT'D)
79) 36) text: (Sings) Tell Martha Not to Moan. He stops and turns to Bobby. JAMES (CONT'D)
79) 37) text: What's the next line? Bobby looks at James. BOBBY
79) 38) text: I can't seem to recall. Was a long time ago. James nods.   After a moment Bobby nods.
79) 39) dialog: See you around Mr. Brown. Bobby turns.   James watches as he walks back to his hous
80) 7) dialog: (To himself)