2) 1) dialog: (To himself)
2) 4) dialog: Mavis. Where's everybody at? I got a meetin' this mornin'.
2) 6) dialog: No, it's Tuesday, Mavis. James is caught flat-footed. SOMEWHERE OFF a toilet flush He rounds the corner. No-one. Opens the bathroom door. Lo inside. Sniffs. Slams it and storms off down the corridor passing a sign outside his office that reads: GET ON UP. 8 INT./EXT. ADJACENT OFFICE/ PARKING LOT. DAY. As the INSURANCE SEMINAR presenter continues, the woman w was on the toilet takes her seat.
2) 9) text: You can't possibly sell the same monthly premium to just anyone who strolls through your door. If you learn one lesson this weekend, let it be this: We must accommodate the specific condition of the client. Bottom line! Their needs are- The adjoining door flies opens as James enters, pissed. JAMES
2) 13) text: Sorry. We're actually renting this part of the building today, and we're in the middle of a seminar. JAMES
2) 15) text: It is. It's fuckin' him. BACK AT THE FRONT someone sniggers. James spins round. SILENCE. Someone sniggers behind him. James spins back round and approaches the salesman. JAMES
2) 19) text: I wasn't laughing. It wasn't me. James stares at the man. Turns on his heel. He storms out of the building and across the lot to his pickup truck THE PAYBACK starts: insanely tight, deep funk. INSURANCE SALESMAN (CONT'D)
2) 20) text: I'm telling you that was James Brown. Outside a window behind the seminar presenter, James can seen rifling through the back of his pickup truck. The woman who used his bathroom watches James' every move SEMINAR PRESENTER
2) 21) text: Look, I suggest we just continue... OK. So. How does the program work? Initially, participating dentists undergo an extensive credentialing process which, if approved, allows customers to pay the minimum deductible allowed and the remainder is insured. But with non- participating dentists the cost per visit is much higher and comes completely out of pocket. So some people may want a high deductible because they have more to cover, but most common folks simply want the lowest possible plan... and remember our key takeaway!? Entire seminar in UNISON. We must accommodate the specific condition of- The office door flies open. James comes back in with a SHOTGUN. JAMES
2) 22) text: OK listen up people. The room goes still and completely silent. JAMES (CONT'D)
2) 23) text: Being it's Sunday and all I'm gone ask each of you to imagine you're sittin' in church right now. While today's sermon may be good they's something else on your mind. You realize you gotta take a shit. (MORE) JAMES (CONT'D)
2) 24) text: Real bad. And you don't want to shit at the church house, naw sir. So you just sit there and think about getting home to your own toilet in your own master bath on Beech Island, South Carolina. I gotta a bidet in my master bath. Love my bidet. And a big pretty oval tub too. James spins around to man. JAMES (CONT'D)
2) 25) text: You got a bidet, Sir? He shakes his head.    James looks to a woman.
2) 26) dialog: You? She shakes her head. JAMES (CONT'D)
2) 27) text: Well you gotta get you one. You all gotta get you a bidet. Are y'all sure its really Sunday today? A woman nods. JAMES (CONT'D)
2) 28) text: What was just saying... Oh, that's right. Yes! You gotta take shit. So, after church, you speed back home and you run like hell to the house scared you ain't gonna make it. But you do. Now imagine unhitching your pants as your open your bathroom door. And then you see me. James Brown. Sittin' on your master toilet taking a break. What would you do? More sniggers from all over the room. James raises his gu and KABLOOM!!! James accidentally blasts an enormous hole in the ceiling SCREAMS AS EVERYONE HITS THE DECK.      James looks up th hole in the ceiling. JAMES (CONT'D)
2) 29) text: (sotto) Good God. Tear up the devil. I'm gone have to get that fixed. James looks to the gun unsure of how it went off. JAMES (CONT'D)
2) 30) text: Now I'm a busy man, and I'm guessin' you cats are too. But someone has abused a personal convenience. Now I ask you nicely. I'm gone ask you again. Which one of you gentlefolk hung a number two in my commode? James approaches the salesman. JAMES (CONT'D)
2) 32) text: Don't shoot. JAMES
2) 33) text: I ain't gone shoot nobody, son. Then, as if told by God, James spins around and locks eye with the woman who used his bathroom. He approaches her. JAMES (CONT'D)
2) 35) text: Yes sir, Mister Brown. JAMES
2) 36) text: Yes you did. Now, don't cry. It's gone be okay. James lowers the gun to the floor.   As he tries to conso the woman. JAMES (CONT'D)
2) 37) text: You had to use the toilet. You saw an opportunity and you took it. Yeah, I got mad but, Lady, you did right by yourself. I've spent my whole life doing right by myself. I'm James Brown and I made a difference.
2) 39) dialog: You cats may not own my records but you can bet every record you have got a piece of me in `em. Ain't nobody singing today that ain't been touched by James Brown. James turns back to the woman.
2) 40) dialog: So, Lady, you did right by yourself. And there ain't no other way to live. You understand me? The woman nods. James turns back to us.
2) 41) dialog: You understand me? Police sirens are heard in the distance.    James turns t truck outside the window. 9 EXT. COUNTRY ROAD. DAY. SUDDENLY - a pickup truck passes at a hundred MPH. FOLLOW MOMENT LATER by two city cop cars. 10 INT. PICKUP TRUCK. DAY. James rocks in his seat. Odd guttural sounds. In the rearview. The two cop cars close upon him. Hits the gas, hard. 11
3) 0) text: A police car pulls up next to him, the officer aiming a weapon and flagging the car down. James sees him and flinches.
3) 1) dialog: Don't hurt me. Don't stop me. Don't stop me. He rams the cop car. It retreats. 12
3) 4) dialog: Don't stop me. Don't stop me. He smashes through road block. The windscreen is blown ou with gunfire showering James with glass. He glances in the mirror as wind whips around the truck: Up ahead another police car sits in the middle of the roa policeman steps out from the car firing his pistol at the pickup truck. James makes a hard right down a dirt road. 14
3) 6) dialog: C'mon. C'mon. 15
3) 8) dialog: "I Don't Feel Noways Tired". 17
4) 2) text: Ladies and gentlemen..The Battle... Royale! Music. HALF A DOZEN BLACK BOYS enter the ring. Hyped. A g is pulled onto one hand. The other tied behind their back They are blind-folded. A WHITE MAN with a BUCKET OF WHITE PAINT daubs a number o each boy's chest. DING! DING! The boys stagger out, blindly swinging. The c roars, bangs the tables as they stumble, lurch, in the ba din. The smallest of the boys stands stiff. He struggles to th much less land a punch. The number "One" is painted on hi chest. A much bigger boy, "Number Six" punches "One" in the gut. "One" goes down but then slowly rises. The dixieland band watches the exploitation with both hor and intrigue as they can't help but wonder who will be le standing. The band's sound begins to change. It becomes as energize as the match before them. They sink into the rhythm, and effect is one of heightened energy. The drummer begins to pull the beat and the bass player instantly follows suit finding the new pocket. The drumme and bass player share a glance. This inspired pocket soars across the lawn and into the e of boy "Number One". We are now transported into the mind of "Number One". Complete silence except for the sound of the band. Then o by one all other instruments fade away leaving only the d and bass. James turns to the band and lowers his blindfold from ove one eye. He catches eyes with the drummer and bass player The drummer nods at James and smiles. James nods back and closes his eye. The sound morphs agai "Number One" begins to arrange the music in his head to h own liking. James opens his one eye and sees only the drummer and bas player on the stage. They are now playing what we and Jam are hearing in his head. James covers his eye again with the blindfold and forms a slight smile. His stance becomes more relaxed. His body begins to swing and morph like rubber. He throws a punch. IT LANDS. ALL AT ONCE "Number One" dances forward, dips, swings and sweetly CONNECTS to "Number Four". As the vanquished head hits the canvas, the victor, "Number One", bloodied, pant in the waves of laughter and summer heat, stands alone. As the boys hit the deck and are deemed "out" they are pu off the mat and carried to the bed of a parked truck. "Three" goes down. Then "Two" and "Five". A ringside punt THUMPS the canvas with a fistful of dollars, berating him People screaming with laughter. Only "One" and "Six" rema Panicky, jerky, they stalk one another. Listening. "Number One" connects with lighting speed. "Six" removes blindfold, jumps off the ring and runs across the lawn disappearing into the nearby woods. "Number One" stands victorious. The crowd goes wild. "Num One" absorbs the admiration as he slowly pushes up the blindfold and looks toward the bandstand. All the band members have returned to the stand as in rea they always were. They clap wildly as the beat and rhythm this budding continues in his head. THE EIGHT YEAR OLD JAMES BROWN LOOKS RIGHT AT US. A level gaze. That million dollar smile, teeth coated with blood. THE BEAT CONTINUES OVER... 18
4) 3) text: The June 1968 cover of Look Magazine: A silhouette portra of James: "IS THIS THE MOST IMPORTANT BLACK MAN IN AMERIC 19
6) 7) text: See Captain Jenkins, the James Orchestra is a 22 piece, but the Gov'ment or the Army, powers't be say I can only bring six fellas. Right now I got 16 pieces sittin' in a Bangkok hotel. If I'm paying my own money to be here, and I am, I oughtta bring as many cats as I want. Breaks my heart, son. `cause I know they all wish they was here right now. PILOT
6) 8) text: Mr. Brown, it's probably best if you go back now. JAMES
6) 10) text: We're under attack Mr. Brown. JAMES
6) 11) text: Settle down, Captain. James Brown was born dead but then I breathed. God didn't want me then and he sure ain't gonna call me back now. The soldier from the back rushes in. SOLDIER
6) 13) text: How far to Tan Son? IN THE BELLY - Everyone is frozen. Saying prayers. Moanin James appears.
6) 14) dialog: Marva, fellas, Listen up. We under attack.
6) 16) dialog: Watch that mouth, Maceo. That's twenty dollars right there. The plane suddenly lurches forty five degree and lets out awful groan. Everyone screams. Except James who is still standing like rubber even though he wasn't holding onto anything. Bobby sees this.
6) 17) dialog: Mr. Byrd, I've decided to open tonight's show with "I Got The Feeling". James demeanor somehow gives comfort to Bobby. James nods Bobby and smiles.
6) 18) dialog: How's that sound?
8) 4) dialog: You in charge when Bob Hope was over Corporal?
8) 7) dialog: (to Bobby)
8) 13) dialog: Plane trouble? They tried to kill James Brown today. You wanna go down in history as the man who killed the funk? James and crew near the rear stage entrance of the hanger
8) 15) dialog: (Interrupting)
8) 19) dialog: Corporal, let me tell you the first thing about James Brown. The first thing is James Brown don't tell no man his business. He won't tell you how to take Pnom Ridge or how you screwed up the Tet offensive. I don't tell you how to fight your war Corporal. So don't tell me when, where or for how long I can be funky. 25   INT. HANGAR. CONTINUOUS. HUNDREDS OF HOT, STEAMING TROOPS ROAR, like a thousand sp rockets taking off at once. It's awesome, shaking the sta
8) 21) dialog: Sorry we're late.    Are you cats ready? The troops roar even louder. James turns straight to camera, flashes his smile and tal directly to us.
8) 22) dialog: (quietly)
9) 0) text: A cold fog hangs in the fading sunlit trees. Eight year old James stands alone in a forest clearing. H looks all around him.
9) 1) dialog: Momma? He scans the trees. He's alone. SUDDENLY in the trees he glimpses someone. A woman. 30. R dress. She giggles as she scampers from behind one tree t another. She peeps round. He beams.
9) 2) dialog: Momma! He chases her. She's laughing.
9) 4) dialog: (Scared)
10) 0) text: Susie and James walk hand in hand.
10) 1) dialog: Momma, I'm hungry.
10) 7) dialog: (through laughter)
11) 0) text: Cold. James sits on the porch with a stick. He continuall beats the stick on the porch post forming a beat. He suddenly stops as a man in a thick worn work coat and heavy boots, is approaching singing the blues to himself. The man puts his pack down, ruffles the kid's hair, says nothing and walks inside.
12) 0) text: BEN BART, 50's, running along the corridor backstage. He reaches the door with JAMES BROWN written on it. Outside an enormous, middle aged black woman, knitting.
12) 6) dialog: Gertrude! Gertrude walks in.
12) 8) text: I said I didn't want to be disturbed. (holds out his hand) That'll be twenty dollars. Gertrude walks over and hands James the same twenty spot gave her. Ben winks at Gertrude as she exits. BEN BART
12) 9) text: James, I just spoke to the producers. They've requested the Rolling Stones close the show. James looks confused. JAMES
12) 11) text: Rolling Stones, James. You'll go on right before them. It'll be you, then the Rolling Stones top of the bill. JAMES
12) 12) text: The Rolling Stones, huh? James to Bobby. JAMES (CONT'D)
12) 14) text: We here to play, James. BEN BART
12) 15) text: You're here because they want you here, James. You're James Brown! I want you here. Because this isn't the chitlin' circuit man. We're done with that shit. This is an audience full of white faces and you're gonna make them love you. You're just not closing the show. His eyes focus. BEN BART (CONT'D)
12) 16) text: James. Now don't start. Let it go. BOBBY
12) 17) text: This don't matter, James.
12) 20) text: The Rolling Stones ain't even had a hit record here. They pass several dressing rooms along the way. JAMES (CONT'D)
12) 21) text: They ain't even ever played in America. Have they? James passes a dressing room where a group is rehearsing. BEN BART
12) 22) text: They're just kids. In a year from now we won't even know who they are. It's business, James. JAMES
12) 23) text: And it's my business to hear what they got to say about this. He passes another dressing room with a group of guys harmonizing. James stops, glances at the VERY WHITE CALIFORNIA GROUP a then to Ben. BEN BART
12) 24) text: James, don't... James is off again. He rounds the corner walks straight u the Stones dressing room. On the door it says THE ROLLING STONES. A guy on the door stands but knows he can't stop James Br who walks straight in. Ben stops at the door and watches. JAMES BROWN
12) 26) text: Uh..That's what they're saying. Yeah. They just told us. Mick looks over to Keith and the rest of the Rolling Ston JAMES BROWN
12) 27) text: Uh-hmm. Well, I was told I'm closing the show. That's why I flew out here. Mick leads James to a couch. They sit. MICK JAGGER
12) 28) text: Listen man. We're filming a movie here today. This isn't live. JAMES
12) 30) text: What I mean is, the order in which we play makes no difference. They're going to edit and arrange the show any way they want later. James raises and shakes Mick's hands. James shakes a coup of the other guys hands. JAMES BROWN
12) 31) text: Y'all have a great show, fellas. We march out with James. He turns to Ben. JAMES
12) 33) text: Yes Sir, Mr. Brown. JAMES struts to the side of the stage. On a television backstage we see a live feed of:
12) 35) text: You got your high-heel sneakers on- The teens in the audience lose it. Bobby Byrd and the Fla in immaculate tuxedos snap and step in time. JAMES (CONT'D)
12) 40) text: Say I...I...I...I love you so! ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE: Teenagers shake their heads completely the thrall of the minutely controlled and manipulated frustration and reward. BACK STAGE - James stalks off past the Stones and Ben. Keith Richards is slack jawed. Ben swallows a laugh. Jame continues on. We go with him. JAMES (CONT'D)
12) 41) text: Welcome to America. James looks right at us. Sweating. Focused. Wide awake.
12) 45) dialog: The British Invasion make a man strong. Make him stand up. You ain't never been down how ya gonna get on up? James turns to us with an even deeper intensity.
12) 46) dialog: I can't never quit cause it get hard. You quit, you going backwards. You going backwards, you dead. So, I take it. But I take it and flip it. I go forward. And I live. 31
13) 0) text: Fall day. Under the eves, James climbs round the side of house. He reaches the corner to see HIS MOTHER STANDING O THE PORCH of the cabin, a suitcase packed. Her eye is swollen.
15) 0) text: Morning. James tries to fetch water from a stream. He pul bucket via a rope. The bucket tips over and spills the water.
16) 0) text: James approaches a woman who's selling produce. Annoyed, picks up a over-ripened tomato and throws it to James' fe James picks up the tomato and walks away.
18) 0) text: CLOSE ON: An argyle sweater.   The intro to I GOT YOU (I GOOD) ramps up. We widen to see James Brown singing.
18) 1) dialog: I feel good! And I knew that I would now... Even wider to reveal BOBBY BYRD and the rest of the flame dancing in sound stage dressed to resemble a Ski Lodge. FRANKIE AVALON and THIRTY VERY WHITE EXTRAS dance around James and the flames. Everyone is in argyle and bright colors. To the side, FILM CREW MEMBERS AND A DIRECTOR do their be to keep up with the rhythm. James is killing it. His legendary moves in full force.
18) 2) dialog: I feel nice. Like sugar and spice.
18) 4) text: Take it and flip it. END SLOW MOTION. END TOM NEWMAN THEME. James removes his sweater and begins dancing and singing again but now to a faster version of "I GOT YOU". He smil at us, looks into our eyes. We push in tight. We pull back to reveal James now singing this song in the future at The Olympia show. He's sporting a "natural". Beautiful girls dancing behind him. Flash- We are back to "Ski Party". Now the boring extras up on their feet. They dance with precision the way Mr. B would prefer. Just for us, James has transformed the "Ski Party" into something way cooler. James' feet slide and move him back toward the door of th ski lodge set. JAMES (CONT'D)
18) 5) text: I feel good and I knew that I would now. So good. So good. Cause I got you. James moves outside the door and does a split in the pile fake snow. We are now back to reality. James is again wearing the sweater. The extras are now seated and clapping in a corn fashion. The stage bell rings. Over a loudspeaker- VOICE
18) 6) text: That was great James. Frankie Avalon runs up to James.   James remains in his s FRANKIE
18) 7) text: Wow, James. You've got some groovy moves my friend. JAMES
18) 8) text: Thank you, Mr. Avalon.   And please call me, Mr. Brown As Frankie nods and walks away, James catches eyes with B BYRD, 30. Bobby stares quizzically at James as he remains the floor in his split.
18) 10) dialog: How many times have I done this split Bobby?
18) 12) dialog: Exactly, and now the first and only time I rip my pants has to be in front of all those white people. Bobby cracks up.
18) 14) dialog: My trumpet, bass, and drums are spread out all over this cold floor. James begins to laugh.
18) 15) dialog: Go get my towel!
19) 0) text: A man's three piece suit hangs in the rear of a sedan. SMASH. An elbow shatters the back door glass.   A hand co inside and pulls the suit out of the car. 44AA   EXT. RURAL ROAD. MOMENTS LATER. A picturesque country road flanked by high, earthen embankments lined with trees. James sudden bolts out of the trees with the stolen suit runs down the embankment. Just then a police car speeds down the road towards him. James drops the suit and runs to the opposite embankment. As James tries to climb the embankment, the police car st two officers get out. James can't get a footing on the steep embankment.   We n see that James is wearing the lynched man's shoes.
19) 3) dialog: I'm seventeen... 45
20) 0) text: CLOSE ON: James speaking through bars.
20) 1) dialog: Know what that means,   Big Junior? Means they can try me   in Superior Court. Means they can   send my juvenile ass down for   a man's term. 3 maybe 4 years. Reveal a young man, BIG JUNIOR, 25, standing on the lawn the jail house holding a lantern. He looking up to James the second floor speaking out of the window.
20) 3) dialog: You reach my daddy?
20) 5) dialog: I know he's in the Army. So you gotta go find him. Big Junior looks to the ground and nods.
20) 6) dialog: What'd Aunt Honey say?
20) 8) dialog: Go find my daddy, Big. Please! Okay? Big Junior sighs, really uncomfortable.
20) 10) dialog: So, he knows I'm here? Big looks all around, everywhere except at James.
20) 13) dialog: Don't cry Junior. Don't cry now. James begins expertly tapping his sliding his feet on the floor. A more developed version of the tune he arranged i his head during the boxing match is heard. James stares a in the mirror. He smiles.
20) 17) dialog: Oh no Sir. Truth is I ain't really into all that so much. Not no more. Five white adults sit behind a long table, studying him.
20) 19) dialog: It's just a old nickname is all. I'm looking for something stable. Steady. I want to be a Mechanic.
20) 21) dialog: Yes Sir. There's a fella I know back in Augusta, he owns a garage, he said he could find me a job if-
21) 5) dialog: What happened to you?
21) 7) text: Gee, that's too bad. They sit there. James shrugs. JAMES (CONT'D)
21) 9) text: (Deadpan) I'll try an' remember that. They sit there. JAMES
21) 11) text: We only done half of it. "Mary Don't You Weep" is an old gospel, man. You ain't heard that before? Everybody be doin' it. JAMES BROWN
21) 13) text: Crowd sure went crazy. (James smiles. Then:) You like music? JAMES
21) 15) text: How long you in for? JAMES
21) 17) text: What did you do? JAMES
21) 19) text: They give you five to thirteen for... (Shakes his head) That's time man. James turns to the doorway and continues talking to Bobby the nurse tends to his nose. JAMES
21) 21) text: You get parole? JAMES
21) 23) text: Where yo' folks at? JAMES
21) 26) text: Seriously. You think I sung it good? James looks at Bobby. He moves his seat a bit closer to t door. JAMES
21) 27) text: You got that swing feel. Hittin' it late. Buh, dum, Bop. That's what a song need. James rises up, pulling the chair with him. JAMES (CONT'D)
21) 28) text: See without that feel, song just sit there. Don't move. You gotta fill it with something. You know what I'm sayin'? Suddenly James breathes in deep, and sings "Mary Don't Yo Weep". It's sweet, hard, deep, raw all at the same time. James holds the chair and begins to dance. The nurse shuts the door.   Bobby and James stay on each through glass. James' talent hits Bobby like a ten pound hammer between eyes. A warden forces James to his chair. We hear one unforgettable line of the song before we... 50 ESTABLISHING. TOCCOA STREET. THE BYRD HOUSE. 1952. DAY.
22) 0) text: Dinner at the Byrds. Mom, Pop, and Grandpa, sister SARAH, year old brother DARYL, BOBBY.... and James. He's clearly uncomfortable. James' eyes dart around the well-appointed dining room wi its beautiful wallpaper and curtains hanging from a windo James traces the lines of the curtain noticing its lace a perfect pleats.
22) 3) dialog: Thank you, Mrs Byrd. Grandpa stares hard and James for a moment.   Then...
22) 11) text: Grandpa- James looks to Bobby. JAMES
22) 12) text: No. He got a right to ask. I am a jailbird. I've done wrong and I gotta own up to that. James turns to Bobby's grandfather. JAMES (CONT'D)
22) 13) text: I stole a man's three piece suit. You want to know me? I tell ya. My daddy is in the army. My momma left when I was five. I'm skinny but I'm strong. I can read a little bit and I like to sing. That's who's sittin' here. James becomes emotional and sincere. JAMES (CONT'D)
22) 14) text: And I think God knew that when I took that suit that I might end up with you. I ain't never sat at a table with such a fine group of people in my life. Sarah looks admiringly at James.
22) 15) dialog: I used to wish I could put that suit back, but now I'm here with y'all. Fried chicken. Green beans. Corn bread. Those nice curtains. Grandpa Byrd turns to the curtains.
22) 16) dialog: A house smells good. I'm happy I stole that suit. And I thank you for having me here.
22) 19) text: James is going to sing with us in church this Sunday Sarah.
22) 23) text: This out to fit ya. Grandpa Byrd throws the suit on top of James and exits. James smiles at his new suit. 53 INT. BYRD HOUSE. NEXT MORNING. Bobby comes in with NAFLOYD and BABY ROY who are all dres for church
22) 25) text: James! Bobby vaults upstairs.
23) 0) text: James is asleep in his bed. Alone. It's been a year after momma left. Suddenly, Joe approaches and throws a burlap sack at Jame
24) 0) text: Red dirt street. Shacks. Joe and James walk around to the back of "AUNT HONEY'S" house. The donkey has been tied to Aunt Honey's fence.
24) 7) text: Look after yourself Junior. Aunt Honey and James watch Joe cross the street and disappear.
24) 9) dialog: Junior.
24) 13) text: Junior'll show y'how to do. 59 EXT. THE TERRY. STREET. DAY. Big Junior leads James away from Aunt Honey's. Big Junior turns to James.
24) 16) dialog: Pretty girls.
24) 18) dialog: Pretty girls.
25) 0) text: Soldiers disembark from a troop Bus. Big Junior and James stand on the platform playing and dancing in bare feet. T soldiers ignore James. We again begin to hear "James' Theme" in James' head. He dances faster, sharper. The soldiers stop and take notice his ever sharping skill. 61 INT. AUNT HONEY'S PARLOR. LATER THAT NIGHT. The Brothel is in full swing. Girls. Soldiers. Drunks. Hustlers. Music. Ten soldiers scramble over only five prostitutes. James hands over money to Aunt Honey. She bundles him up kisses him. He holds onto her tightly. She sets him down.
25) 3) text: Go on in the kitchen. Find you a scrap to eat. Aunt Honey pulls out a knife that has been nuzzled inside bra. James watches as she fixes the situation. 62
26) 0) text: The band has just gotten their hair-cut like Louis Jordan (and James Brown). Bobby Byrd looks at his hair in the mirror.
26) 2) dialog: What you talkin' about? Your hair is rising up to the Lord right? Like a flame. Nayfloyd looks deep into the mirror in front of him.
26) 4) dialog: What you think "Caldonia" is, Nafloyd.
26) 10) text: Look at these people James. Man! I'm ready. You know'm saying? When it gone be us up there? James hasn't moved. He's still staring at the stage.
26) 11) dialog: Now.
26) 13) dialog: There's a piano. And a stage. And right now. (Looks at it)
26) 15) text: What you talking about? We can't go up there. JAMES BROWN
26) 16) text: Why not? Like you said, Nafloyd, "We just playin' around with "Caldonia". So let's go play around. Bobby nods, and James strides towards the stage and gets The others look at each other: HOLY SHIT! and scramble af him. James gestures to them to pick up instruments. JAMES BROWN (CONT'D)
26) 18) text: We're the Star- James quickly interrupts. JAMES
26) 21) text: Famous? James hollers. The Flames hit their queue, bang on, and t TEAR INTO Caldonia. James loosens with every bar. Unhooks mic. Throws a move. As he hits the hook again the audienc drawn to his energy like a magnet. BACKSTAGE DOOR - Leaning against a wall backstage, Little Richard looks up from his pocket mirror. Frowns. LITTLE RICHARD
26) 22) text: What is that? IN THE WINGS - the club manager watches on unsure what to ON STAGE - James and Bobby, hollering into the same mic a ripping the place up. IN THE WINGS - Little Richard appears at his side, fuming
26) 25) dialog: (Deadpan)
26) 28) dialog: The Famous Flames. James looks back levelly.
26) 33) text: Cause WIBB antenna reach 60 mile. 60 mile. This country is 5000 miles top to toe and 7000 coast to coast. You catch the wind, get a hit, a real hit, every inch of that is yours. JAMES BROWN
26) 36) text: You got a hundred bucks? JAMES BROWN
26) 38) text: Rob a liquor store. You take a hundred bucks to WIBB in Macon. Ask for Big Sauk. Say Richard sent you. You make an acetate. Ten copies. You send them to these people. He writes them down. James watches. JAMES BROWN
26) 40) text: I already did. Baby, this is the last time you're gone see my beautiful ass 'cep on TV. Six months the whole world gone know me. I gone be bigger than Cleopatra. It's written in the stars James. Yes Sir. I'm gone have the world on a string. (Then) And that's when the trouble start. JAMES BROWN
26) 41) text: And why that. He fixes James. The air turns cold.
26) 44) dialog: You tell me Richard. You tell me what you see. James stares at Richard, who stares the same stare back.
27) 0) text: James lies awake in a bed with four or five other sleepin bodies. He looks out of the window. Dawn is breaking thro a cracked pane. Way off in the distance he hears music and singing. He ge out of bed. He passes a room, TWO SOLDIERS wait their turn with one o Aunt Honey's PROSTITUTES. James reaches the front of the house. He looks to Honey, cold in a chair. A needle protrudes from her harm. He walks out of the house passing several people asleep i the yard. 68
28) 0) text: James stands silhouetted against the high beams of the approaching troop Bus. James begins to dance to the theme his head. He's dancing differently now. Mimicking the mov of Sweet Daddy Grace. James does a spilt in the beams of light. 71
32) 2) dialog: Bobby. I can't make practice Thursday. I gotta get married. BOBBY
32) 3) text: (Whispers) What are you talkin' about? Who you marryin'? JAMES
32) 5) text: What about my sister? James flashes a devilish smile. JAMES
32) 7) text: I ain't playin', James. How you gone do all this? JAMES
32) 9) text: Practice. The road. Makin' records. Startin' a family. JAMES
32) 10) text: I ain't startin' nothin', Bobby. Except what we doin'. James reaches under the bed and pulls out the acetate the just recorded. JAMES (CONT'D)
32) 11) text: That us. We in there Bobby. James holds the record close and studies it with Bobby. BOBBY
32) 12) text: That's all the money we got. And some we don't. JAMES
32) 14) dialog: Now, men gone lay with women. That's nature. But a woman ain't never gone stop a real man from what he's supposed to do. That's God. Husband? Daddy? That gives a man purpose. Man gotta have purpose. But purpose don't stop me neither, Bobby. Ain't nothin' gone stop us. Nothin'. And that's God too.
33) 0) text: James Brown stares back at his infant son with the same w look.
33) 1) dialog: You gone smile for me, Teddy Brown? He bounces him on his knee once.
33) 2) dialog: Come on, boy. Twice. The kid smiles. James suddenly becomes moved. He leans over and kisses his son.
33) 4) dialog: No baby. A car horn outside. He looks out the window.
33) 5) dialog: Baby. I gotta go.
34) 0) text: James bounds off the porch towards the station wagon. Velma steps onto the porch with the baby. She suddenly lo very young. James turns to his family and pats his hand over his hear
34) 1) dialog: (shouts out)
34) 2) text: I got you right in here, Teddy Brown. Velma raises Teddy's hand and waves it at James. James begins to serenade "Lost Someone" to his family... 78
35) 1) text: James continues to sing. Only now he's humming as if work out a new way into "Lost Someone". We widen to see The Flames, Baby Roy, Nafloyd, Bobby and James pushing an old crappy Chevy station wagon down the road. Nafloyd has the easy job of keeping the steering wh straight. Nafloyd is clearly annoyed by James' humming.
35) 2) dialog: Nafloyd, you know in "Let's Make It" when it goes (he hums). If you go up there and hold it, like. (hums). It's gone be sweet. Make it like you got a harmonica stuck in your throat. Nafloyd looks back at Bobby Byrd.
35) 4) dialog: What? I can't sing it. It's your song man.
35) 7) text: I ain't got a harmonica in my throat. But you do. We all know you do. James continues with his humming. Nafloyd stops pushing a walks alongside with a finger on the wheel. NAFLOYD SCOTT (CONT'D)
35) 9) text: James ain't saying that `floyd. He's just hearing something. Get back to pushing the car. NAYFLOYD
35) 16) text: I know you he said fill her up, Baby Roy! Problem is we don't got the dough to fill it. (to Bobby) We don't got the dough because Bobby here let James spend all our money on some fake record which is right now sittin' in trash cans outside King, outside RCA, outside Chess. (to James) You took all our money, James. Where my money at? They are about to throw down.
35) 19) dialog: I'm taking you to the money, Nafloyd. (James tap his head)
35) 22) dialog: Are you sure, Baby?
35) 27) text: Congratulations. James nods. BOBBY (CONT'D)
35) 29) text: Thirty cents. The question is, do I call the Two Spot, find out we got any messages. Or do I get me a coffee. Or do I skip the coffee, and get me a donut. James considers this. Reaches in his pocket. Puts some co on the table. JAMES
35) 31) text: Hey honey. Can I get me a coffee... Looks at James. Now for the ultimate luxury. BOBBY (CONT'D)
35) 33) text: You boys from outta town? JAMES
35) 35) text: Flames? (noting their disheveled look) More like a flicker. James reaches over and grabs the waitress' hand. JAMES
35) 38) text: I'll bring it with a knife. James winks before the waitress walks away. BOBBY
35) 39) text: I gone call the Two Spot. James expression instantly changes. JAMES
35) 42) text: Excuse me ma'am, I just came from a place called the Tuxedo Room. I'm looking for the boys who were supposed to be playing there tonight? JAMES
35) 44) text: Shit James! What we do? Bobby looks around and James has disappeared under the ta Bobby drops like a stone under the table as well. Bobby peers around the booth for a peek. BOBBY (CONT'D)
35) 45) text: He's coming this way. Oh shit. JAMES
35) 49) text: Everything right. Bobby and James look at each other. JAMES BROWN
35) 51) text: Evening, Sir. I'm Bobby Byrd this is my associate James Brown. James crawls out and stands before RALPH BASS. JAMES
35) 53) text: I understand you're looking for the Famous Flames. LATER AT THE DINER - Bobby and James sit with Ralph Bass. breakfast crowd has cleared out. RALPH BASS
35) 59) dialog: Yeah. That's me. 81
36) 0) text: James stands alone looking up at the towering building.
37) 1) dialog: Please, Please, Please....! They put everything they've got into "Please, Please, Please". James leans into a chrome studio mic and sings: Please... please...please... He leans out and the Flames lean in to same mic. "Please please don't go"..
37) 4) text: What we stop for? That was cookin'. Everyone looks pissed at James who seems agitated. Byrd's nervous they're wasting time. BOBBY
37) 5) text: It's OK sir we OK. We can just start right at the top. JAMES
37) 6) text: It ain't right. It's too slow.     We gotta pick up the pace fellas. James begins to pace.   Bobby grows concerned. BOBBY
37) 7) text: What are you doing, James? These men been doing this for a long time. We need to listen to them. JAMES
37) 8) text: I need to come in early..push it. Drive it. Early. Before the beat. Then speed it up, man. Ralph Bass speaks to James from the booth. RALPH
37) 9) text: James, this is a ballad. The pace we've set is perfect. JAMES
37) 11) text: Let's just get it done OK? JAMES
38) 0) text: THE FAMOUS FLAMES are back on stage at Big Bills only now THEY OWN THE ROOM. A packed standing room only house is going wild for James and the flames. Side doors to the club have been opened.    People pour o and dance. James sings PLEASE! at a much faster pace than at King. A Honey and her girls bump and grind to the music.
38) 1) dialog: Please!   Please!   Please. James lowers to the floor and belts his heart out as the concludes. James walks off stage and just outside Big Bills. A bath towel is put over James' back and head to absorb his swea James is breathing hard, completely exhausted. The crowd not wanting the show to end. The band is vamps amid cheer
38) 3) dialog: Please!   Please!   Please! James jumps onto the floor singing as if for his life. He soon disappears into a sea of women pulling at his clothe 83
39) 0) text: James Brown sits on a couch next to Ralph Bass.
39) 4) dialog: Well thank you Sir, we worked real hard to-
39) 7) dialog: I know what Mr. Bart is saying. I heard him. Loud and clear. He looks at them both.
39) 8) dialog: I see where we goin'. Saw it this morning when your secretary called ask me to come here an hour early. Alone. I knew it six months ago. Hell, I knew it the day I was born. James looks back. He doesn't blink. He looks to us.
39) 9) dialog: There's some things I'm gonna want.
40) 0) text: A receptionist shows the rest of the band in. The Flames Ralph, Syd Nathan, Ben Bart, and James.
40) 4) text: (Reads) His Famous Flames? The sleeve has clearly printed on it "James Brown and his Famous Flames." BABY ROY
40) 6) text: We agree. See I believe it should say simply James Brown. The fact is Gentlemen, James Brown doesn't need the Famous Flames. King records and Universal don't need the Famous Flames. But James has requested that the name remain in some form. Now if you want to stay, stay, but from now on you work for James Brown, on James Brown's records. Should you find this disagreeable in part or whole, you can go home. NAFLOYD
40) 7) text: (Stunned) James? James stares straight ahead. Nafloyd throws the record at wall. Bobby stands there, stunned. Slowly, James looks at Bobby and then crosses to him. JAMES
40) 8) text: Bobby. It's just a name. Ain't nothing different between us. This for all us not just me. It's gone be good. Bobby stares back. Nafloyd steps up to James. NAFLOYD
40) 9) text: James Brown. I never liked you. Come on. Let's get outta here.. He turns and walks away with the band.    Bobby rises and follows out the door.
40) 12) dialog: (Incredulous)
41) 2) dialog: I think a live album-
41) 5) dialog: But, Pop, you know my show. James turns to Syd.
41) 6) dialog: Mr. Nathan, you ain't ever even seen the show. My show.
41) 8) dialog: Mr. Nathan-
41) 9) dialog: What are you doing?
41) 11) dialog: That ain't the "Mashed Potato".
41) 15) dialog: Book the Apollo. I'm gonna spend my own money on this. Syd Nathan's wrong.
41) 18) text: Forget it, Jimmy. It's too big of a risk. Let's order something to eat. Ben signals for a waitress to come over.   James grows intense. JAMES
41) 19) text: I don't understand risk? James stiffens. JAMES (CONT'D)
41) 21) text: Of course not, Jimmy. JAMES
41) 23) text: I'm not the "White Devil". I'm trying to protect you. I'm doing my job. James becomes intense. A waitress walks over. JAMES
41) 24) text: Pop, look me in the eye. Ben stays on his menu. JAMES (CONT'D)
41) 25) text: Pop. Ben looks up.    The waitress scurries away. JAMES (CONT'D)
41) 27) dialog: And after we kill The Apollo, I'll kick over a few bucks to the white devil. Whatever I think he deserves. And If I'm payin' you, Pop, you gone show me how to do it. Ben takes this in.
41) 29) dialog: And I want the best engineer in town. I don't care what it takes. I don't care what it cost. I want everyone in uniform, the ushers, front of house, the peanut peddlers.
41) 31) dialog: And I want `em in Sapphire blue suits. Pop. Sapphire.
41) 33) dialog: It's cold. It's cold. It's too cold man. It's too cold. Cold. Cold. They round the corner.
41) 34) dialog: C'mon. C'mon. C'mon. C'mon. C'mon. SUDDENLY and for the first time, we hear the classic Jame grunt, guttural. A THUMPING RHYTHM BEGINS. James, stock still, no longer looking out of the window. Head completely still. Out of the window: a line of people. On and on. We round corner. More people. Another corner. More. The doors of the theatre open as we pass. People rush for as THE CAR PULLS UP. James gets out outside by the stage entrance. Ben follows.
41) 36) dialog: Gertrude. See if you can get some coffee for the folks in line. James walks into the stage door entrance of the Apollo. B follows with a big smile. It's happening. 88
42) 3) dialog: You ready Mr. Byrd? Bobby Byrd turns from the curtains. THE ONLY SURVIVING ME THE STARLIGHTERS. His profile lighted by a powerful spot.
42) 5) text: Ready Mr. Brown. Gertrude rushes to James with his jacket. He smooths his
42) 9) dialog: Watch me. The curtain opens. BANG! James Brown &amp; the New Revue perfect timing looking impeccable in their new sapphire b suits. The crowd goes wild with excitement. Mr. Dynamite steps on stage-- and floats and dances acros planks like they were polished ice. He reaches the mike.
42) 10) dialog: You know I feel alright. (Yeah!)
42) 15) dialog: Think...Think...Think...About your bad self... James drops to his knees. The crowd goes wild. A few rows behind Syd, we find Susie Brown sitting in the audience. James' mother has come to the show. 90 INT. APOLLO DRESSING ROOM. NIGHT. After. The cheers still ringing out. People packed into h dressing room. Champagne corks pop. Congratulations from
42) 16) dialog: Thank you. That's very kind of you. Bobby, at the door. Can't get to him. Turns to Gertrude.
42) 20) dialog: We gone celebrate tonight. And then tomorrow we gone Wilmington and do it to it all over again.
42) 22) text: ...James. James stops. Turns to face Bobby's grave expression. whispers in James' ear.
42) 25) dialog: Momma? SUSIE and the soldier walk into a side yard where a party in full swing. James approaches her from behind.
42) 26) dialog: Momma it's me. It's me. She turns. Focuses blearily.
42) 29) dialog: But Momma! The soldier picks up a rock a throws it.
43) 0) text: Aunt Honey and James lie in bed together.   James has bee crying.
44) 3) text: James gone wear that seat out.
45) 0) text: James and Ben Bart walk up a street. They turn a corner t see a gleaming new Cadillac parked next to the Fish House We see a DRIVER inside. The driver exits.
45) 2) dialog: This for me? Looky this! We got us a chauffeur.
45) 3) dialog: (to the chauffeur)
45) 4) text: Gimme the keys. What they payin' you? James takes the keys and then pulls out a roll of bills a counts out six hundreds. He hands them to chauffeur.
45) 5) dialog: This here's a month's pay, help you get yourself another job. I gone drive myself. The chauffeur smiles, hands Bart his hat and walks off do the street.
45) 6) dialog: Don't mention it. (turns to Ben Bart)
46) 0) text: James and Pop sit at a small dining table outside the Fis House. JAMES
46) 2) text: What's that Jimmy. JAMES
46) 4) text: Just standard Jimmy. Guarantee against fluctuating ticket sales. Lets plan a- JAMES
46) 5) text: -sure we planning, see I ask myself, what if we don't got fluctuating sales. What if you knocking the tar out of every show. Ben Bart watches James with a new outlook on his partner friend. BART
46) 7) text: Lenny J Frank. Lenny's the number one promoter in Chicago has been for twenty years. JAMES
46) 9) text: Now when Lenny pays us a flat rate, we can account. You know, number one, you're getting top rate and number two- JAMES
46) 10) text: What if we took the gate? (Bart stops JAMES looks over) What if we took it ourself. (MORE)
46) 11) dialog: And still got the show promoted, but better.
46) 13) dialog: Lenny Franks a James Brown fan? How old he, sixty? Why's he gone try harder for James Brown than for Sam Cooke? Or Ray Charles. Or Tom Jones. See Pop. We go to the radio stations.
46) 15) dialog: You see my point right? OK. Listen up. We go to the radio station. We go to the young cats. The hungry cats. The late night cat. 95 INT. RADIO STATION. James talks to us as he stands next to a DEEJAY, ALAN LEE The deejay doesn't hear James talking to us.
46) 16) dialog: The twenty year old white deejay in Richmond Virginia who's getting paid nothing and is only doin' it because he loves music. We go to him we ask him if he want to be the sole James Brown promoter for the Richmond show. For a percentage. He gone say: The deejay suddenly looks up to James.
46) 18) dialog: Between nothing and fifty bucks a week. But he love my music. He digs James Brown. And he got a microphone and a turn-table and four hours airtime to kill.
46) 20) dialog: And at the end he gone say..
47) 3) dialog: Now because he's twenty he's got strong legs. And he knows everyone. 97 EXT. THE STREETS. 1965. THE VARIOUS DEEJAYs -- riding around town on bikes, on skates, diving out of cars, pasting up posters everywhere
47) 4) dialog: He know the guy in the barber shop knows the guy at the pool hall, the guy at the garage. 98   INSIDE JAMES PAYS FOR A LARGE PLATE OF FISH.
47) 5) dialog: (to us)
48) 0) text: James exits the fish house and sits down at a rickety car table with Bart.
48) 1) dialog: (to Bart)
48) 5) dialog: Why not?
48) 7) dialog: It's not a little. If the show sells, and it's sellin', we talking thousands of dollars a night. Difference per year between 2 and 3 million dollars.
48) 9) dialog: And there's my next point Pop. Why not? (Bart stops)
48) 11) dialog: I can do something for you, and you can do something for me, and it ain't buy me no Cadillac. Did you buy Wilson Pickett a Cadillac? Did you buy Jackie Wilson a Cadillac? You know which way this thing is going Pop. I got people around me who don't see it. Bart looks at him for some time as a black 1965 limousine pulls up to the fish house. James looks straight back to us. Smiles. Ben Bart rises a grabs a piece of fish.
49) 0) text: The whole band on stage looking sharp. Knocking the shit of MAN'S WORLD. James falls to his knees James turns to backup singer, YVONNE and winks.    She wi back. James scans the front row and sees a very beautiful black woman, DEDE, dancing in the audience. James and Dede lock eyes.     The attraction immediate. Man's World continues over the next three scenes.
51) 0) text: James is concluding his show with Please, Please, Please. is at the tail end of his cape routine. The cape is brilliant blue with rhinestones. He glances at Dede one last time from under the cape. 104
52) 0) text: James walks down the corridor backstage. Stops. Sniffs. O an equipment room door. NEW BAND MEMBER is inside smoking reefer.
52) 1) dialog: Who you play Sax with son?
52) 3) dialog: What's the rule?
52) 5) dialog: Not on the bus. Not backstage. You a talented horn player, son. You gotta keep your game tight. Now you wanna smoke a little groove on your own time, that's yo' business. But we out here to work hard and we gone do just that you dig? Fifty. Puts out his hand. NEW BAND MEMBER counts off bills and w down the corridor. James turns around to find a beautiful black woman starin back at him. She holds a notebook and pen.
52) 6) dialog: Hello pretty thing. You want an autograph?
52) 7) text: She nods. James approaches and tries to grab the notebook.   She pu it back from his grasp with a smile
52) 8) dialog: You want to come with me? So I can sign it somewhere private?
52) 9) text: James flashes that million dollar smile.   They walk away together.
53) 0) text: James walks into the bedroom of his home. Dede is sitting the end of their bed looking beautiful in a sexy negligee
53) 1) dialog: I called you yesterday, you ain't home.
53) 3) dialog: You were home all day. So why you didn't pick up the phone?
53) 5) dialog: I call you at one and quarter past one, then I call you at two. And I call again at three.
53) 7) dialog: Where were you?
53) 9) dialog: For two hours?
54) 0) text: James walks in with the phone. James throws the phone at bathroom mirror. It shatters.
54) 2) dialog: I ain't gone fine you, baby.   You fine enough already. Dede smiles.
54) 4) dialog: Got you a phone in the bathroom now. James and Dede begin making love. MUSIC. MONEY WON'T CHANGE YOU. Over. 107 EXT. CADILLAC. 1965. DAY. James, Dede and Bobby are standing outside James' Cadilla Dede has her hands over Bobby's eyes. Dede has a huge dia ring on her finger.
54) 7) dialog: You peekin' brother? OK. OK. (James stops the car.)
54) 9) text: Check it Bobby. Is that something? Bobby opens his eyes and sees a Lear Jet stands on a runw "James Brown" on the side.
54) 10) dialog: That something Bobby? Is that something?
54) 15) dialog: Impetigo?
54) 21) dialog: Listen up. Which one of you cats want to fly to Reno on daddy's airplane? The kids all say "me!... me!" The kids, Bobby and Dede wa up the steps onto the plane as Velma gets in her car. James lingers.
54) 22) dialog: (to Velma)
55) 0) text: James is giving a press conference to a group of journali Bobby, Teddy and Dede stand next to James. INTERVIEWER
55) 1) text: Welcome to Reno, Mr. Brown. What exactly do you call your style of music? JAMES BROWN
55) 2) text: I call it James Brown music. What I mean is, it's so far ahead of it's time that they ain't got a name for it yet. Take another record, any record from your stack at home. I don't care if it's from Motown or Stax or whatever...and put it on your box. None of them are gonna sound like mine. Not even my own old records. Just like the title says, it's a "new bag". See the funk is in the bass. The bass never changes. It's a groove, lady. Soon as you hear that groove, I know I got you. INTERVIEWER
55) 3) text: And what exactly is the groove? JAMES BROWN
55) 5) text: But how exactly do you define it? JAMES BROWN
55) 6) text: I just did. (Then) See Miss. See there's some things, they're just too big to fit in a magazine. But we all feel it. Even little Teddy here know it when he feel it. James groans "Um booga chooca. Um". Teddy is lit up; thrilled. He sings. TEDDY
55) 8) dialog: See. Right there. We all feel it together. And that's the groove. Understand?
55) 10) text: So what's your favorite food? James catches Dede's eye. She and James share a knowing l with Bobby. Bobby takes the mic as James walks away to a side room where Ben Bart is waiting.
56) 0) text: BART, James study at a map. BOBBY sits across the aisle.
56) 2) dialog: Day off?
56) 4) dialog: We ain't payin' the horses to rest `em. Besides, we got a day off in two weeks in New Orleans. The boys can get their wives, girlfriends along, kick back. What's between Raleigh and Columbia? Spartanburg?
56) 10) text: Yeah. They left. James walks into the interview area. JAMES
56) 13) dialog: The Regal! BOBBY
56) 14) text: Yeah. That's it. The Regal. JAMES
56) 15) text: (to Bart) On Howard Street and main. Hold about 750 people. Guy named Bennett used to own it. Yeah, Spartanburg. Yeah, we'll play there and I can bring in my masseuse from Anderson. James disappears again. JAMES (O.C.) (CONT'D)
56) 18) text: Yeah. James remembers everything.
57) 0) text: On the lawn of James' and Dede's new home a Christmas spectacular is staged. The Brown's Colonial is smack dab the middle of Augusta's most elite, white neighborhood. Fake snow is being sprayed on the lawn by Teddy.   Kids o races play in the white stuff. We widen to see a huge line of people waiting to meet Jam who is dressed as Santa Clause. Dede is dressed as a sexy Mrs. Clause. Dede wears sexy fi net hose which rise up her legs, disappearing into a shor red skirt. Dede holds an infant girl. One by one, kids and their parents approach James.   He h each Kid a five dollar bill. A little white boy approaches.
57) 1) dialog: Hey little man, you been good this year.
57) 3) dialog: Merry Christmas, Little Man. James then notices the boy's father checking out Dede. The little boy moves on to Dede.   She leans over and pic an apple from a tray. The boy's father takes full notice of Dede's ass. James t full notice of the entire thing.
57) 8) dialog: You stand up in James Brown's yard dressed like that? So every man can see you? Then suddenly, A SMACK is heard. Dede's Body falls back i frame and collapses on the kitchen floor. A towel flies into frame and lands next to Dede.
57) 9) dialog: Cover yourself up.
58) 0) text: We are now with James in the room off the kitchen. Behind James we see Dede starting to get up off the floor. The camera is on James' face. We get the sense that James wants to look at us and talk directly to us but he won't. Out of Shame, James leaves the room and goes to Dede's ai
60) 0) text: James discreetly watches from behind a blind on his balco high above. 117   EXT. HOTEL POOL. CONTINUOUS. Pee Wee, in jams, walks with a new band member, FRED WESL who is still wearing a suit.
61) 0) text: The band, all in their suits, with their instruments. All glaring. One more pissed off than the next. Vicki stands the corner. James is in the middle of an extended anecdote.
61) 1) dialog: See My great grandmother on my momma's side, she Asian. She got Asian blood. See Asians are a flexible race. You get with an Asian chick? That a whole other story. No spank but they got it baby they got it. Anyway what was I talkin `bout?
61) 3) dialog: That's right. That it. I got these Chinese knees.
61) 5) text: That's how come I can dance the way I do. Anyway. One. Two. Three. Four. Hit it. The band starts up. During the introduction to COLD SWEAT MACEO comes in late on the Sax. Everything stops. JAMES (CONT'D)
61) 7) text: (Flatly) No Sir. I ain't lost no feeling. SILENCE. James tunes into the vibe for the first time. SOMETHING's wrong. JAMES
61) 9) text: James- James rounds on Bobby. JAMES
61) 10) text: You got something to say Mr. Byrd? (Silence. Smiling) Because a man got something to say he should say it. You got something to say? SILENCE. Vicki looks away. All at once James loses it. JAMES (CONT'D)
61) 11) text: (Shouting) Well then you just HOLDING UP THE REHEARSAL Mr. Byrd. JAMES (CONT'D)
61) 12) text: I can't have people HOLDING UP THE REHEARSAL. If I can't do it right I ain't gone do it at all. We got to GET ON. GET AHEAD. Now you know the rule. (MORE) JAMES (CONT'D)
61) 13) text: You late, you off or you hold us up, it's no good, Mr. Byrd. Its gonna cost you 50 dollars. Bobby's jaw tightens. Everyone holds their breath. JAMES (CONT'D)
61) 15) text: Yes, Mr. Brown. James glances to Vicki and winks. JAMES
61) 16) text: Good. I ain't fattening frogs for snakes. From the top. One Two... COLD SWEAT resumes. Bobby sings his backing part. James stands in the middle of the floor. Its good but- JAMES BROWN
61) 19) text: (To Maceo) He means the down beat. JAMES
61) 21) text: But Mr. Brown. Maceo pauses and waits to be acknowledged by James. James turns and glares at Maceo. MACEO (CONT'D)
61) 22) text: We rehearsed it like you told us. We got it like you like it. Jimmy can't do that with the part he's playing. We can change the part if you want. JAMES BROWN
61) 23) text: (Suddenly angry) Did I say change the part? Don't change the part. How many records you got? James sarcastically responds to Maceo's silence. JAMES
61) 24) text: Thank you! I like the part he playin' now. I just want it in a different place. Blank stares from the band. James walks over to Clyde's s and points. JAMES (CONT'D)
61) 26) text: It's a snare, Mr. Brown. JAMES
61) 28) text: Drum. JAMES
61) 29) text: Correct. James moves over to Jimmy. Points to his guitar. JAMES (CONT'D)
61) 31) text: Guitar, Mr. Brown. JAMES
61) 32) text: No it's not. James goes back to Clyde and points to Maceo's sax JAMES (CONT'D)
61) 35) dialog: Now you're getting it. James crosses to Pinckney and points to Odum's guitar
61) 36) dialog: What's that he's holding.
61) 38) dialog: You Fellas. What are those shiny things you holding.
61) 40) dialog: Now we all got our drums. Now when you're playing the drum it don't matter what key you're in, what bar your in or what planet you on. Dig?
61) 43) dialog: But does it sound good? The band nods.
61) 44) dialog: Does it feel good? More nods.
61) 45) dialog: Then it's musical. So play it like I say. From the top. The groove of COLD SWEAT comes to life. The beat heavier, almost irregular but actually in the pocket, the horns an Bass clipped, drum-like, the off rhythm of Jimmy's guitar bringing the whole room together. 119A   EXT. POOL AREA BAR. SAME TIME. Our racist couple has now bellied up to an outside bar. Sweat leaks out into the bar area. Unable to help themselves, the couple rises and begins to dance.
61) 47) dialog: Mmmn! Huh! Now that a groove. By God it is. James starts singing the cut. 120
62) 0) text: The recording session is over. James has long since gone. Maceo and Bobby relax at the bar.
63) 0) text: Boiling studio. James drenched in sweat howls at the microphone.
63) 1) dialog: Mother, she got to have. Say, you got to have a mother for me. Yeah, popcorn! The band sit right into the groove of MOTHER POPCORN and sweet thunder rolls onto another master tape. Everyone's are glued to James standing in the centre: directing them with body movements and gestures, playing the whole band a single instrument.
63) 2) dialog: Quit it. (They stop.)
63) 5) dialog: Pee Wee, get over here by the microphone. And bring that horn box. That's where you keep the wig, right? They all stop. Oh. Shit.
63) 8) dialog: What is it? Why we stop Henry? The engineers hands go to their faces. Shaking heads.
63) 9) dialog: What? What is it? Bobby enters the room.
63) 14) dialog: Tell the Mayor, I sold 30 million records and ninety five percent of them are to the black community. They listen to me. They won't riot
63) 16) dialog: Get the Mayor on the phone.
63) 18) dialog: Mr. Mayor, the way I see it, you already lost your next election. You lost it at 7:05 PM Memphis time.
64) 1) dialog: Now tomorrow night, you either got 10,000 angry folks in the Boston Garden, or you got 10,000 angry folks on your front lawn. Take your pick son. Which one you want? 125
65) 1) text: All of us are here to night to listen to a great talent. James Brown. But we're also here to pay tribute to one of the greatest Americans, Dr. Martin Luther King. So, let us look at each other and pledge that whatever else any other community might do we in Boston will honour Dr. King in peace. James steps forward. JAMES
65) 2) text: Brother before I get to this next thing I wanna say. He's a young man you dig. He's a young man so he's thinking together. The man is together. Give him another round of applause. James watches the restless, shouting, crowd. He looks at cameramen. The tension is unbearable. He lets it build.
65) 3) dialog: Hit it. A fast, rhythmic drum solo. Building. Faces in the crowd. police. Tense promoters and politicians to the beating rhythms. The band whipcrack into I GOT THE FEELING. James pulsates Spins. Pushes the stand away. Zip! It's back. A kid at the front gets onto the stage and sprints for Ja only to be tackled by James' security. Another clambers u but is kicked back by a police officer. The audience reac badly. Another kid gets on stage and cops harshly push him to th floor and throw him back into the audience. Police come o onto the right side of the stage and shine torches down i the audience. They shove people back down. A kid in a white jacket leaps on stage right in front of James. For a moment everyone stops. A white cop appears f nowhere and viciously bodychecks the kid back into the fr row in full view of the cameras. The mayor stands in the wings flanked by policemen.   Ded stands behind them watching nervously.
65) 5) text: Wait a minute. Step off. Move off. I'll be a'ight here. I be fine. James waves the police off the stage on either side to ch and whistles from the audience. Suddenly a ten year old kid appears next to James from ou the audience. He seems amazed to find himself there. JAMES (CONT'D)
65) 6) text: Do you wanna dance son? You dance. No longer held back by police more kids invade the stage. James respects them all, shaking hands and looking at the eye to eye. Kids throng around him on stage. He's losing control. JAMES (CONT'D)
65) 7) text: C'mon. C'mon now. Y'all go down. Go back down. Don't nobody else come up. Wait a minute. Wait. Ladies and gentleman. This is no way. This is. We are black. We are black. (Cheers.) Wait a minute go back. Can't y'all go back down and lets do the show together. We're black don't make us all look bad. Let me finish the show. Step down there. Be a gentleman. Lets represent our own selves. Lets represent our own selves. One by one they step back down into the crowd. JAMES (CONT'D)
65) 8) text: Now I ask the police to step back because I figure I could get some respect from my own people. Now we together ain't we. (Cheers! Screams!) Hit that thing man. The band strike back up and James kicks back into "I Can' Stand Myself" The stage clear. The crowd calmed. The pani over. MAYOR
65) 11) text: Of course he did. Dede smiles proudly. I Don't Want Nobody To Give Me Nothing kicks in over inte Archival footage of Newscasters discussing the last minut decision for the concert to go ahead. 126 INT. ARCHIVAL NEWS REPORT. HEADLINE, under a picture of James: RACIAL PEACE RESTORED CAPITOL AFTER RIOTING.
65) 15) dialog: In America today you've either got to be an entertainer or a ball player or what? If you poor, young and black, what is there? And you ask me why they on the street? It ain't politics we watchin'. It's economics. 127 INT. JAMES BROWN PRODUCTIONS LEAR JET. NIGHT. James is on the plane with Ben Bart.
65) 16) dialog: You got kids out there that can't eat, robbing and stealing and doing what they have to do to make it. And if you don't do something about it we gonna lose the country. I go to Harlem, talk to Rap Brown, talk to the Nation they call me a separatist. Here we're on our way to the White House, Pop, and they already calling me an Uncle Tom. So what I supposed to do?
65) 18) dialog: Write a check for Rap so he buy rifles, machine guns, rally on 125th and take it south? What it say to you, a street kid from Augusta, Georgia in the White House?
65) 20) dialog: You asking me to turn this plane around and stand up the President?
65) 22) dialog: So here I am. Just a sorry soul brother whining inside his private jet, huh? They both laugh. But James is troubled. Bart tone changes
66) 2) dialog: I want to go to Vietnam. I want to show unity for the boys out there. The beleaguered, the tired and in the dark.
66) 4) dialog: And we need to bring awareness, and Mr. President, we need to bring the super heavy funk.
66) 5) text: We widen to see 5'7" James looking up to the 6'4" Lyndon Johnson. President Johnson shakes James' hand. 128A   INT. HANGER. VIETNAM. We are now back in Vietnam at the hanger concert.     Jam looks right at us.
66) 6) dialog: Take it and flip it.
67) 0) text: A casket lays at the bottom of a grave that has been dug. TEN MALE FUNERAL ATTENDEES IN SUITS AND YAMMAKAS take tur shoveling dirt onto Ben Bart's casket. Dede and James stand to the side. Completely distraught. James starts to panic and lowers to the ground. Dede catc him under the arm. One of the men approach James with the shovel.      James bring himself to put dirt on the casket. 131 INT. RECORDING STUDIO. LOS ANGELES. NIGHT. BAND MEMBERS FITTED WITH THEIR AFRICAN DASHIKIS are rolli funky vamp together into a groove. Clyde hits a fat `pop beat. Sweet Charles locks the bass line in to the beat. Country finds a chunky B-flat-9 rhythm on the guitar and groove takes shape. The door opens. James and Teddy walk in. James and Teddy' hair is cut into a short natural. Everyone looks at each other. JAMES
67) 1) text: Hit it. The band starts. James makes a few adjustments. Jimmy Nol strikes up a womp-womp sound on a single string. The horn the James trademark ladidadidat. JAMES (CONT'D)
67) 2) text: Quit it. (he pushes the intercom to the booth) Bring `em in. The door opens. 32 children enter the room. Most kids are black, except for a few Mexican children. Dede and Teddy there, along with some of James' other kids. JAMES (CONT'D)
67) 3) text: How we all doin'. Hope this ain't too late for you folks. James and Teddy stand before the group.   James puts his around Teddy as he addresses the kids. JAMES (CONT'D)
67) 4) text: I brought you all here today so I could tell you something very important. I want you all to know that you can do or be anything you want in this world. Don't let anybody tell you anything different. You understand? When I was a boy I used to shine shoes in front of radio station. Now I own that radio station. You got to build it. And then you gotta learn it... and that's when you earn it. James gets all the kids around one mic.   He puts Dede an Teddy to the side of the kids.
67) 7) dialog: We ready fellas? The groove starts again. James flies into I'm Black and I Proud.
67) 9) dialog: I think about a lot of things. About problems. About solutions. You know one way of solving a lot of problems that we've got in this country...is letting a person feel that they important. Feel that they somebody. It's it. Man can't get hisself together... ...until he know who he is and be proud of what and who he is and where he come from! WHERE WE ALL
67) 11) dialog: Say it loud! They scream into the mic.
67) 13) dialog: 
68) 0) text: James and Teddy pull up in front of a small shotgun house the Terry. They exit and walk up to the house.
70) 0) text: James is standing in his office bathroom smoking a joint. lights it and has four or five epic pulls as he scans the walls admiring his framed accolades and gold records.
71) 0) text: James Brown enters his recording booth to find Teddy at t controls. Gertie sits in a chair behind Teddy.
71) 1) dialog: You the man, Teddy Brown?
71) 3) text: James notices the band sitting idle on the other side of glass.
71) 4) dialog: Gertie. The band ready?
71) 6) dialog: Don't look like it.
71) 7) text: James grabs Teddy.
71) 8) dialog: Come watch how Poppa don't take no mess.
72) 0) text: The band is there. JAMES BROWN
72) 1) text: Y'all act like y'all don't know what time it is. What you doin'? Nothing happens. James looks Maceo in the eye. Maceo approaches. MACEO
72) 2) text: I've been elected spokesman to speak on behalf of the band. JAMES
72) 4) text: We asked to get paid on time. We haven't been paid in weeks. We asked for scheduled days off. Every day off we get you make us rehearse.. We asked to get paid for recording but you included it in our salary. James turns to Teddy.   The two stare at each other. JAMES BROWN
72) 6) text: Yes, Sir. Teddy exits. JAMES
72) 8) text: I don't think you understand. James looks to Bobby. MACEO
72) 10) text: It's a mess, Mr. Brown and if you want us to be a part of it, we gonna need our cash too. Right now. James looks at them all for a very long time hiding his shame. MACEO (CONT'D)
72) 11) text: And most of all none of us ever want to be fined for anything ever again. James nods.   Studying them. JAMES BROWN
72) 12) text: I'll tell ya what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna think about it. That's all. They look at each other and file out. Waymon, Pee Wee, Ma Kush and Jimmy Nolen file out. Leaving Bobby and James al SILENCE. He looks at the empty room. Smiling. Unable to show any p JAMES
72) 13) text: (He shakes his head.) It's like I always say Bobby. You gotta know who you are. You got to know where you are in this world. Five minutes ago, those boys were the best band on the planet. Now they nothing. Now they a bunch of sidemen with their hearts beatin' fast. Maceo comin' in here talking about my taxes. All I've done for this country and they comin' after James Brown? How you gone keep everybody happy? Huh? And stay on top? You along for the ride while everything is groovy and now they gone kick me when I'm down? People either on the bus or they off it. James crosses to the door and opens it for Bobby to exit JAMES BROWN
72) 14) text: (He turns to Bobby.) Well go on. Get out of here. Y'might catch `em they gone need a singer. Bobby rises and walks past James into the foyer. He turns BOBBY
72) 15) text: Negro, what makes you think I'm leaving? I been here all the time, Mr. Brown. I'm still here. James looks at Bobby. JAMES
72) 17) text: Last time I checked. JAMES
72) 19) text: That's why the funk don't quit. JAMES
72) 21) text: I'm afraid we ain't Mr. Brown. JAMES
72) 23) text: I think we got more funk in the trunk. James laughs. JAMES
72) 24) text: That's right. Two Musketeers. Bobby looks at James. Remembers. Beams. James beams back. Then, James is all business. JAMES (CONT'D)
73) 5) text: Check.                             Gotcha. James Brown walks in from the wings. They all stand straighter. He looks at them.
73) 8) dialog: Do that button up son. (Chicken does) You know Kansas City? (Blank faces) You know Cold Sweat? Do you know Please Please?
73) 10) dialog: They say they ready Mr. Byrd. What you think?
73) 12) dialog: How old are you son?
73) 15) dialog: Cats know Super Bad? Bootsy lays down a mammoth bass line on his plugged in ba
74) 0) text: The backup singer, Yvonne, nude, carries two glasses of champagne from a wet bar to a very sweaty James who is ly in bed.
74) 2) dialog: Baby, I gotta get to my show. I can't be playin' around right now
74) 4) dialog: You know I don't drink. Yvonne pours a little champagne onto James' stomach.   Sh then begins licking it with her tongue.
74) 6) dialog: Happy now? She kisses him.
74) 10) dialog: Now it's true, we work hard. A man gotta work hard if he wanna break ground. And we breaking new ground everyday... James enter the theatre front door. 135E   INT. OLYMPIA THEATRE. LOBBY. CONTINUOUS. James begins walking toward us.
74) 11) dialog: My record Live at the Apollo is the first R&amp;B album in the history of the world to go top ten. Stayed up in there for 66 weeks.. James walks into the rear of the packed house.
74) 15) dialog: That record come across. I mean it hit hard!!! Uhn! 135F   INT. OLYMPIA THEATRE. STAGE. CONTINUOUS. James walks among his performing band members. He watches himself on stage at the microphone driving the crowd craz
74) 16) dialog: And slowly, the whole World knew who we were.
74) 17) text: James walks to each band member and places a twenty dolla bill in each of their pockets. They don't see the James w is talking directly to us. He straightens a band members tie. James turns to stage l and sees his son, Teddy Brown, dancing. He then gives Yvo a wink who's also standing in the wings looking HOT.
74) 18) dialog: See in showbusiness, you got two parts. You got the show and you got the business. And brother. (Deadly serious) You better believe. You looking at both.
74) 19) text: He spins around and runs up to the microphone.   He repla himself and begins to sing. SCREAMS. HORNS VAMPING. James performs out of his skin. A medley of three songs, "Soul Power," into "Sex Machine," "Super Bad". Backup dancers and singers are tearing it up! On James' signal the rag tag band of kids behind the godfather of soul take off like a rocket ship into one of above songs. It sounds nothing like the old version. Its urgent, stripped down. The Bootsy's bass rumbles like tro brewing and Catfish's over driven guitar slicing clean through the hook. Before them a standing room crown dance and sing from the stage to all the way back to entrance James and Bobby look at each other. Holy shit. James drops into the splits, flips up again. The crowd is seeing something for the first time on Europ soil. They erupt with joy and begin dancing in their seat
74) 23) dialog: How's that?
74) 25) dialog: What the hell you talking about? "Fill this place all myself"? "No problem?" You sayin' I'm slippin'?
74) 27) dialog: People copy me, Mr. Byrd. People gonna copy my moves till the earth goes dark. You understand? You think people are gonna buy that record like they buy my record? That what you sayin'?
74) 29) dialog: Who you been tellin' this too? You been telling that to the Apollo? Bobby gets mad.
74) 32) text: I thought you be cool with that. You always been talking about... About... About... standin' on my own feet. JAMES BROWN
74) 33) text: Bobby, how you gone stand on your own feet? You just spent twenty years gettin' fat on a man's dollar. I produce a record for you and now it's gone to your head. You go talking big behind my back. You go sneaking round, raising heat off another man's name. We here, we doing something and you making plans sucker? Bobby gets more upset. He's using a tone with James we've never heard before. BOBBY
74) 34) text: (Shouting) I ain't told nobody or made any plans. We just talkin' about it. Now. That's it. JAMES
74) 36) text: Well, Vicki ain't yours. So, Vicki and me ain't none of your damn business. James smiles. JAMES
74) 37) text: But she's been my business before. Bobby walks up close to James and stares him in the eye. balls his fist. BOBBY
74) 38) text: I can't do this no more, James. JAMES BROWN
74) 41) dialog: See, the funny part. You say that like it's a big thing. Like "oh my God, Bobby Byrd gone leave James Brown on his own." Bobby fights to control himself. To find anything left to give.
75) 2) text: Bobby? Get everybody out of here and wait outside. Bobby ushers the guests outside. James sits opposite his mother. She is very, very uncomfortable but trying to appear relaxed. SUSIE
75) 3) text: I was on the Subway last week, and the two kids next to me was arguing who was the best, James Brown or Little Willy John. And this one boy, he was saying "James Brown the best" "There ain't no one better than James Brown", he got so mad I thought he was gonna whup this other boy. And then- James holds up his hand. She falls silent. JAMES
75) 5) text: Well. Sugar, I live over in Brooklyn... and you my baby and you here playin' the Apollo. JAMES
75) 8) text: I left because I loved you. I ain't had nothing to make no other choice. I was shamed. I was. He holds up his hand. JAMES
75) 9) text: See I thought about this. I know it weren't personal and that's why this ain't neither. It turned out fine. I didn't need you. I looked after James Brown. Made sure he was OK. No-one else. No-one help me. She starts to cry. SUSIE
75) 10) text: I never wanted to be a momma. But I carried you, boy. I didn't know nothin' about being a wife or being a momma. But I carried you and I loved you when you were in me. I chose you. I chose you. JAMES
75) 11) text: Don't cry. Don't cry. Don't cry. He stiffly offers her a handkerchief. JAMES (CONT'D)
75) 12) text: Clean yourself up. That's it. James softens. JAMES (CONT'D)
75) 13) text: I'm James Brown. And James Brown don't need nothing. Don't need no- body. Susie looks back a James. She doesn't move. JAMES (CONT'D)
75) 14) text: Why are you really here? What do you want? She shakes her head, searching his face. James looks back unmoved. James reaches in is pocket and pulls out some mo He hands it to her. JAMES (CONT'D)
75) 15) text: Here. That's a hundred dollars. I'm sorry but I'm gonna ask you to leave now. He sits perfectly still as she gets up. She walks to the and turns to James.
76) 0) text: We return to the day that Susie left. We stay on her face she leaves her family behind. Tears stream down her cheek James tries to chase after his mother but Joe restrains h Joe pulls a pistol from his belt. He fires. Bark explodes from a tree a few feet from where Susie is walking. Susie flinches but never turns. 144 INT. CORRIDOR. Bobby waits. The door opens, and Susie comes out, tears i her eyes. She looks wildly into Bobby's face who has clea heard everything. She runs off down the corridor. Bobby looks through the open door. Devastated, James sits staring at the floor. He looks up at Bobby.
76) 1) dialog: Tell Pop to make sure she's taken care of. Whatever she needs. As Bobby nods, James gets up, walks over to the door, and slowly closes it. 145   INT. JAMES BROWN'S HOME. 1988. 18 YEARS LATER.
77) 0) text: A peaceful road. SUDDENLY - a pickup truck passes at a hundred MPH. FOLLOWED.. A MOMENT LATER - by nine cop cars A cop car pulls up next to James' truck.   James looks to car.
77) 2) dialog: I'm OK. I'm OK. I'm OK.
77) 7) dialog: "I Don't Feel Noways Tired" 149
78) 0) text: A warden walks a dishevelled James along the corridor. Th stop. The cell door buzzes open. They put him in the cell 150 INT. CELL. DAY. The doors slide close. CLANK. James leans on the tiny sin He looks up into the mirror and faces what's he's become. His face is bloated, his eyes wild, hair unkempt. We feel James wanting to turn to us but shame won't allow it. 151
78) 3) dialog: James Brown, James Brown.   James Brown, James brown.
79) 6) dialog: What you doing out here in your robe, Mr. Byrd? BOBBY
79) 7) text: What? Oh. See, I snuck out for a smoke. I s'posed to quit. Vicki don't know. He laughs. They both do. JAMES
79) 8) text: Well I ain't gone tell. They laugh a little. When they stop, there's a long lull. JAMES (CONT'D)
79) 10) text: Right. JAMES
79) 12) text: We got plans tonight. Vicki got family coming over. JAMES
79) 15) text: You look well.. Man. I ain't seen you since- JAMES
79) 17) text: Right. Teddy's funeral. Damn. You look well. You shoulda called- JAMES
79) 19) text: I know, James. JAMES
79) 21) text: That's good, James. JAMES
79) 23) text: We did, Mr. Brown.    We did. James stands there, fixedly. The Pool cleaner comes from around the truck, breaks the tension. POOL CLEANER
79) 26) text: No no. We'll send the bill on. Well that's that. Good day Gentlemen. He gets in his truck and pulls away leaving Bobby and Jam standing in an awkward silence. JAMES
79) 28) text: Yeah. We come a long way. Suddenly this is awkward. For both of them. Bobby defuses JAMES
79) 30) text: Here and there. JAMES
79) 32) text: A little. You? JAMES
79) 33) text: Not me. I just get stronger ever day. Gettin' better every day. James pulls out two concert tickets from his jacket and h them to Bobby. JAMES (CONT'D)
79) 34) text: Maybe you and Vicki got some friends who could come tonight. Good seats, too. James turns sharply and walks back to the Limo. He sings himself. JAMES (CONT'D)
79) 35) text: (Sings) Oh, Mary Don't You Weep... Bobby listens. And remembers. JAMES (CONT'D)
79) 36) text: (Sings) Tell Martha Not to Moan. He stops and turns to Bobby. JAMES (CONT'D)
79) 37) text: What's the next line? Bobby looks at James. BOBBY
79) 38) text: I can't seem to recall. Was a long time ago. James nods.   After a moment Bobby nods.
79) 40) dialog: See you around Mr. Byrd. James walks towards his Limo. SFX: Audience noise, cheering, whistles, clapping. Louder Louder. 154 INT. DRESSING ROOM. 1993. NIGHT. Show time. James sits in front of the mirror, putting on greasepaint with the assistance of a make-up artists. A much older Gertrude comes in.
79) 41) dialog: How we doin, Gertrude?
79) 43) dialog: That's good. You two gimme a minute here. Gertrude and the make-up artist look at each other. They leave him. Alone, he looks around the dressing room. At the walls. T ceiling fan. Finally at his reflection. He holds his own gaze. We push in, as he fights it. And fights it. Slowly, inevitably the sound from the auditorium grows. Thousands of people shouting his name: "JAMES BROWN JAMES BROWN, JAMES BROWN, JAMES BROWN.". 155 FLASHBACK - INT. JAIL CELL. 1949. DAY. JAMES AGED SIXTEEN, SITS ALONE, staring at the wall. Incanting his name, quietly. Intently.
79) 44) dialog: (Quietly)
79) 50) dialog: 
80) 4) dialog: (quietly)
80) 8) text: James Brown. James Brown...
80) 12) dialog: (quietly)
80) 15) dialog: James Brown. James Brown. James Brown. 163   INT. BACKSTAGE CORRIDOR. James marches out of the room into the corridor..
80) 23) dialog: 
80) 26) dialog: I paid the cost to be the boss. James leans back, widens his arms and looks to the sky. 166 INT. THE STAGE. James steps forward and strides across the stage to the m stand.
80) 30) dialog: Try me. Try me. Darlin tell me. I need you. Try me. Try me. And your love will always be true The crowd goes silent.   All we hear is Mr. Brown's soulf voice.
80) 31) dialog: Oh I need you (I need you) Hold me. Hold me. I want you right here by my side. Hold me. Hold me. And your love we won't hide Slowly Bobby smiles. Tears in his eyes. THE END.