11) 2) dialog: Working turpentine, baby. Chippin' trees. James peers around the opened door and watches.
11) 4) dialog: No.
11) 6) dialog: I ain't lyin'!
11) 9) dialog: Susie. Shut your sweet mouth get those panties off baby. Joe grabs Susie and carries her into the cabin. 28A   INT. CABIN. CONTINUOUS. Joe and Susie kiss and begin tearing at each others cloth Joe's been gone A LONG TIME. As they lower to the bed, we see James watching through t opened door. James soon turns his head and walks off into the woods.
13) 1) dialog: You leavin' you take your child, girl. You his momma. I don't need no hungry child. Confused, James approaches. Looks up at his mother.
13) 3) text: Bye, baby. You be good. She leaves. Joe calls after her.
13) 4) dialog: That's right. Why don't you go try to sell your ass on Twigg Street. That's right. Buy yourself a dress. Maybe I pay you a visit. Alone with his son, Joe stares at him. The boy stares bac
13) 7) dialog: Be back in a week or so. Mind you don't makes no mess. James runs over to the glassless window to watch his fath lead a mule, barrels on its back, away into the woods.
16) 6) dialog: (Chuckling)
16) 9) dialog: Quit that. Driving me crazy.
16) 12) dialog: I said stop! Joe gets up. Takes the stick and snaps it in two. James stares hard at his father's face.
16) 13) dialog: You gawkin' at me? James stays on Joe.   Joe quickly rises and yanks James o his chair.
17) 1) dialog: Stop crying. I said stop crying. Suddenly the shack door opens, and James runs out. He sprints full pelt through the woods. He comes to a clearing. He slows, approaches us and suddenly stops, breathing heavily, he stops and looks straight at us. Levelly. BLACKOUT. A THUMPING RHYTHM BEGINS. Beneath his tears a smile emerges...
23) 0) text: James is asleep in his bed. Alone. It's been a year after momma left. Suddenly, Joe approaches and throws a burlap sack at Jame
23) 1) dialog: Pack up. We leaving. James wakes and sits up in bed. Joe is clean shaven and wears his nicest shirt and neck tie.
23) 2) dialog: Hurry up. James waits a beat to make sure his father is gone. James gets out of bed and crawls deep underneath. He back out holding the dead man's pair of shoes and places them the burlap sack. 57   EXT. AUNT HONEY'S HOUSE. LATER THAT DAY. Joe and James walk down Twigg street.      Joe pulls his along with them.
23) 3) dialog: You miss your momma, boy? James nods.
23) 4) dialog: We gone fix that. James flashes a hopeful smile. 58
24) 0) text: Red dirt street. Shacks. Joe and James walk around to the back of "AUNT HONEY'S" house. The donkey has been tied to Aunt Honey's fence.
24) 2) dialog: ..S'much appreciated Honey. Sure is mighty kind..
24) 4) dialog: Thought you could sell it.
24) 6) dialog: (to James)
24) 7) text: Look after yourself Junior. Aunt Honey and James watch Joe cross the street and disappear.
76) 0) text: We return to the day that Susie left. We stay on her face she leaves her family behind. Tears stream down her cheek James tries to chase after his mother but Joe restrains h Joe pulls a pistol from his belt. He fires. Bark explodes from a tree a few feet from where Susie is walking. Susie flinches but never turns. 144 INT. CORRIDOR. Bobby waits. The door opens, and Susie comes out, tears i her eyes. She looks wildly into Bobby's face who has clea heard everything. She runs off down the corridor. Bobby looks through the open door. Devastated, James sits staring at the floor. He looks up at Bobby.