26) 8) dialog: We'll be back in ten to flip you again! Whoooo! Yeah! Bobby scans the crowd.
26) 21) text: Famous? James hollers. The Flames hit their queue, bang on, and t TEAR INTO Caldonia. James loosens with every bar. Unhooks mic. Throws a move. As he hits the hook again the audienc drawn to his energy like a magnet. BACKSTAGE DOOR - Leaning against a wall backstage, Little Richard looks up from his pocket mirror. Frowns. LITTLE RICHARD
26) 22) text: What is that? IN THE WINGS - the club manager watches on unsure what to ON STAGE - James and Bobby, hollering into the same mic a ripping the place up. IN THE WINGS - Little Richard appears at his side, fuming
26) 23) dialog: Get those bitches off my stage! Power to the stage is cut off. The performance is over bu the crowd go batshit. NAFLOYD, BABY ROY are shaking.
26) 27) dialog: Hey. What's your name?
26) 29) dialog: No. What's your name? They look at each other. Neither blinks. 64 EXT. MALT SHOP. NIGHT. 2AM. James sits alone at a table off to the side of the o window. Little Richard dressed as a chef comes out of the kitchen drops two burgers in front of them. James and Richard, cigarette in a long holder, holds forth.
26) 30) dialog: I play a show in Lafayette last week twenty thirty girls pass clean out. Need oxygen. I'm killing `em James. They should lock me away. I cut loose it's like a spaceship land. Did I say I got a record out? They drop it five times a day on WIBB. Five times a day. (He looks at James)
26) 34) text: So how we catch the wind? Richard smiles. Stops the waitress. All charm. LITTLE RICHARD
26) 35) text: Sugar, may I borrow your pencil? He takes a napkin. Starts writing on it. All business. LITTLE RICHARD (CONT'D)
26) 37) text: No. LITTLE RICHARD
26) 39) text: It's that easy why don' you do it? LITTLE RICHARD
26) 42) dialog: That when the Devil come. And he ain't gonna be red with no fiery tail. He gone be white. In a fancy suit. And he gone look you in the eye and he gonna ask what you want. And you best not shake, nor tremble. You best not blink one eye. Swats a fly on the table. James doesn't blink.
26) 43) dialog: You gone be ready for him James? You got it inside?
26) 45) dialog: What happen to you? He looks real hard.
26) 46) dialog: I know what happened to me. What happen to you? James looks away.