6) 0) text: Marva Whitney, Clyde Stubblefield, Jimmy Nolen, MACEO PAR Waymond Reed and BOBBY BYRD sit in a line opposite a line soldiers. The soldiers hold rifles. The band hold instruments.
6) 5) text: (Shaking) Oh. My. God. Drummond taps the soldier opposite. Points out the window soldier looks out, turns white.
6) 6) dialog: Holy shit. IN THE COCKPIT - The pilots wrestle to keep the craft upright. Between them, a completely unruffled James Brown holding court. JAMES
6) 11) text: Settle down, Captain. James Brown was born dead but then I breathed. God didn't want me then and he sure ain't gonna call me back now. The soldier from the back rushes in. SOLDIER
7) 0) text: A very white female news journalist talks into a camera, scores of rowdy troops rush toward a make shift stage. Ne to her, a group of BLACK SOLDIERS wait to be interviewed.
25) 0) text: Soldiers disembark from a troop Bus. Big Junior and James stand on the platform playing and dancing in bare feet. T soldiers ignore James. We again begin to hear "James' Theme" in James' head. He dances faster, sharper. The soldiers stop and take notice his ever sharping skill. 61 INT. AUNT HONEY'S PARLOR. LATER THAT NIGHT. The Brothel is in full swing. Girls. Soldiers. Drunks. Hustlers. Music. Ten soldiers scramble over only five prostitutes. James hands over money to Aunt Honey. She bundles him up kisses him. He holds onto her tightly. She sets him down.
27) 0) text: James lies awake in a bed with four or five other sleepin bodies. He looks out of the window. Dawn is breaking thro a cracked pane. Way off in the distance he hears music and singing. He ge out of bed. He passes a room, TWO SOLDIERS wait their turn with one o Aunt Honey's PROSTITUTES. James reaches the front of the house. He looks to Honey, cold in a chair. A needle protrudes from her harm. He walks out of the house passing several people asleep i the yard. 68
42) 27) dialog: You know this little nigger? For a moment it looks as if there is a flicker of recognition. Then swivels her head to look at the soldier She shakes her head.
42) 28) dialog: Beat it.
42) 30) dialog: Get the fuck out of here.