34) 2) text: I got you right in here, Teddy Brown. Velma raises Teddy's hand and waves it at James. James begins to serenade "Lost Someone" to his family... 78
55) 0) text: James is giving a press conference to a group of journali Bobby, Teddy and Dede stand next to James. INTERVIEWER
55) 6) text: I just did. (Then) See Miss. See there's some things, they're just too big to fit in a magazine. But we all feel it. Even little Teddy here know it when he feel it. James groans "Um booga chooca. Um". Teddy is lit up; thrilled. He sings. TEDDY
57) 0) text: On the lawn of James' and Dede's new home a Christmas spectacular is staged. The Brown's Colonial is smack dab the middle of Augusta's most elite, white neighborhood. Fake snow is being sprayed on the lawn by Teddy.   Kids o races play in the white stuff. We widen to see a huge line of people waiting to meet Jam who is dressed as Santa Clause. Dede is dressed as a sexy Mrs. Clause. Dede wears sexy fi net hose which rise up her legs, disappearing into a shor red skirt. Dede holds an infant girl. One by one, kids and their parents approach James.   He h each Kid a five dollar bill. A little white boy approaches.
67) 0) text: A casket lays at the bottom of a grave that has been dug. TEN MALE FUNERAL ATTENDEES IN SUITS AND YAMMAKAS take tur shoveling dirt onto Ben Bart's casket. Dede and James stand to the side. Completely distraught. James starts to panic and lowers to the ground. Dede catc him under the arm. One of the men approach James with the shovel.      James bring himself to put dirt on the casket. 131 INT. RECORDING STUDIO. LOS ANGELES. NIGHT. BAND MEMBERS FITTED WITH THEIR AFRICAN DASHIKIS are rolli funky vamp together into a groove. Clyde hits a fat `pop beat. Sweet Charles locks the bass line in to the beat. Country finds a chunky B-flat-9 rhythm on the guitar and groove takes shape. The door opens. James and Teddy walk in. James and Teddy' hair is cut into a short natural. Everyone looks at each other. JAMES
67) 2) text: Quit it. (he pushes the intercom to the booth) Bring `em in. The door opens. 32 children enter the room. Most kids are black, except for a few Mexican children. Dede and Teddy there, along with some of James' other kids. JAMES (CONT'D)
67) 3) text: How we all doin'. Hope this ain't too late for you folks. James and Teddy stand before the group.   James puts his around Teddy as he addresses the kids. JAMES (CONT'D)
67) 4) text: I brought you all here today so I could tell you something very important. I want you all to know that you can do or be anything you want in this world. Don't let anybody tell you anything different. You understand? When I was a boy I used to shine shoes in front of radio station. Now I own that radio station. You got to build it. And then you gotta learn it... and that's when you earn it. James gets all the kids around one mic.   He puts Dede an Teddy to the side of the kids.
68) 0) text: James and Teddy pull up in front of a small shotgun house the Terry. They exit and walk up to the house.
71) 0) text: James Brown enters his recording booth to find Teddy at t controls. Gertie sits in a chair behind Teddy.
71) 2) dialog: I'm the man, Mr. Brown.
71) 7) text: James grabs Teddy.
71) 9) text: He and Teddy walk straight into the-
72) 4) text: We asked to get paid on time. We haven't been paid in weeks. We asked for scheduled days off. Every day off we get you make us rehearse.. We asked to get paid for recording but you included it in our salary. James turns to Teddy.   The two stare at each other. JAMES BROWN
72) 5) text: Teddy, go on and wait outside. TEDDY
72) 6) text: Yes, Sir. Teddy exits. JAMES
74) 17) text: James walks to each band member and places a twenty dolla bill in each of their pockets. They don't see the James w is talking directly to us. He straightens a band members tie. James turns to stage l and sees his son, Teddy Brown, dancing. He then gives Yvo a wink who's also standing in the wings looking HOT.
79) 16) text: Teddy's funeral. Bobby pauses, grows uncomfortable. Bobby throws his cigar to the ground and stomps it out. BOBBY
79) 17) text: Right. Teddy's funeral. Damn. You look well. You shoulda called- JAMES
79) 18) text: You know, Bobby, they still don't know what happened to Teddy and that boy. Those boys weren't drinkin' or doin' drugs. BOBBY