24) 1) dialog: So Pat's a cricket fan, eh? Fergus turns. We see Tristram Deveroux, a young Sloane ty in a three-piece suit, whose house it is. Beside him is Franknum, the cockney foreman.
24) 3) dialog: Jim, Pat, Mick, what the fuck. Long as you remember you're not at Lords. Fergus resumes work. INT. METRO - NIGHT. It is now crowded with people, black, white, punky and st chic, a lot of leather All the women are heavily made-up. Someone is singing from the tiny stage and rows of cheap colored bulbs are flashing around it.
30) 0) text: Fergus, fitting a new window into the finished wall. On t pitch we see the cricketers, distorted through the moving glass of the window. Across the pitch Dil walks, with a l basket in her hand, dressed in a very short skirt with hi heels. As she approaches the site a chorus of whistles br out. Fergus, hearing the whistling, stares out. He sees Dil mo toward the site. He drops the window and the glass shatte As the whistles continue, we see Dil in the site's lift, which rises up. We see Deveroux and Franknum climbing up ladder toward Fergus .
30) 1) dialog: How much did that frame cost, Mr. Franknum?
30) 3) dialog: Your Pat just cost me two hundred quid.
30) 6) dialog: Sorry won't bring the bloody thing back, will it, Mr. Franknum?
30) 8) dialog: Off his wages.
30) 10) dialog: He wants to know do I mean that.
30) 12) dialog: Bloody right I do... Through this conversation Fergus can hear the chorus of w whistles increasing. He looks out the gap where the windo should be and sees Dil in the lift. The laborers whistle her, looking up her skirt, etc. She passes by a gap in the wall and blows a kiss at him.
30) 13) dialog: Is that his tart? Does Pat have a tart?
30) 15) dialog: No, of course not, she's a lady.
30) 40) dialog: Do it on your own time, Paddy.
30) 42) dialog: Whatever it is she does for you. Fergus looks from Dil to Deveroux.
30) 44) dialog: Consider it how you like. Just get that bloody tart out of here. Fergus stands up suddenly. He speaks quietly.
30) 48) text: It's a simple question. Deveroux says nothing. Fergus looks down to Dil. FERGUS
30) 51) text: Sorry about that, Mr. Deveroux. Dil and Fergus descend from the site in the lift. DIL