7) 25) dialog: Getting a divorce with a kid can be one of the hardest things you'll ever do. It’s like a death without a body. 77. INT. BERT SPITZ’S LAW OFFICE. DAY A man, late 60's, in slacks and a tweed jacket, takes a pill from a container and swallows it with a glass of water. This is Bert Spitz. A grizzled cat wheezes in a corner on a stained pillow.
7) 26) dialog: I know, personally I’ve been there four different times.
7) 28) dialog: I’ve been married four times. Three divorces. This last one will stick God willing. Charlie nods as Bert sits across from him.
7) 29) dialog: That’s why I graduated into family law. To help people survive this painful time. (leans forward) Here’s how I see it: If we get bogged down in who did this and that and “I don’t want to pay the two dollars” it’1ll just cost you more money and time and emotional stress, and you'll probably end up with the same result anyway.
7) 30) dialog: Right. I mean, I agree with And I always go with the that philosophy. She does truth wherever that takes too, I’m sure. us. Most people in this business make up the truth to get to where they need to go.
7) 31) dialog: You’re just transactions to them. I like to think of you as people.
7) 33) dialog: And not just you, her too. Yes. 78.
7) 34) dialog: It can be an ugly process. But I believe it also doesn’t have to be terrible.
7) 36) dialog: Of course you do. I charge 450 an hour and I’1l1 need a ten thousand dollar retainer to start.
7) 38) dialog: This is the budget version.
7) 40) dialog: And keep in mind, you'll have to pay for her lawyer.
7) 42) dialog: Or at least part of her. It doesn’t make sense, does it? The reason you’re doing this is because you love your kid and in doing so you’re draining money from your kid’s education.
7) 44) dialog: Oh, it is. Bert shuffles through the papers in front of him. 79.
7) 45) dialog: We'll have to respond right away. (re: the papers) Your son is in school out here?
7) 47) dialog: Be a better husband in divorce.
7) 49) dialog: (putting on his glasses) With your kid in school here, the court may see it otherwise.
7) 51) dialog: No no no, we don’t want to go to court, the California courts are a disaster -- it’s just how we have to think about it. (looks back at the papers) I’m not sure these are my glasses. (removes them, stands) Where are you living when you're out here?
7) 52) dialog: I’m in a hotel right now-- Hotel doesn’t look good.
7) 54) dialog: The court.
7) 56) dialog: Of course, of course. We prepare to go to court hoping that we don’t go to court.
7) 59) dialog: You should get a place in LA. And get a place NEAR her. That will look better for custody reasons.
7) 61) dialog: Don’t rent it, you need to continue to prove New York residence--
7) 62) dialog: (not sure what he’s And of course getting a going to do) place in LA, doesn’t make it K. look like you all live in New York, does it?
7) 64) dialog: I recommend you try to spend as much time with your child as possible. Many people fight to get the time and then they don’t even use it. They just want to win. Bert leaves his office and disappears down a hallway. Charlie follows.
7) 66) dialog: I hope so, yes. I see no reason-- you both love your son, you respect each other--why this shouldn’t be relatively pain-free?
7) 68) dialog: (handing Nell his glasses) I think you have my glasses-- She takes off hers and they swap. She nods.
7) 75) dialog: I wouldn’t expect too much from that cat. Charlie follows Bert back to the kitchen.
7) 76) dialog: I want you to know that eventually this will all be over and whatever we win or lose, it’ll be the two of you having to figure this out together.
7) 78) dialog: You remind me of myself, on my second marriage.
9) 76) dialog: Nora, you seem to be ignoring the fact that they lived in New York for ten years--
9) 78) dialog: I don’t need to see the photos-- Although I’m sure they both look beautiful-- Bert grins at Charlie who seems to be sweating through hi wool blazer. They sit across the wide table. Bert’s associate Nell behind them in a chair by the window.
9) 79) dialog: It’s my client’s expectation that after this TV show is completed, the parties will move back to New York where they currently keep an apartment--
9) 81) dialog: He wanted to maintain consistency for his family and his child.
9) 84) dialog: He flies out here every (looking at Charlie) chance he gets at great I don’t see any reason you expense-- can’t be out here full-time. Amir acknowledges the anxious assistant and interrupts.
9) 87) dialog: I love Manny’s. (to Charlie) Have you had Manny’s? Charlie is taken aback, unsure how to process this question. He shakes his head.
9) 94) dialog: (can’t help but smile) He’s a genius. Thank you. He tussles Charlie’s hair. Everyone laughs awkwardly. Charlie blushes. Nicole smiles sweetly, sensing his discomfort. Nora raises a mug, offering Charlie.
9) 99) dialog: (to Charlie) I was sorry to hear it closed on Broadway.
9) 101) dialog: It’s very competitive, I imagine. Charlie nods. Nora places the coffee in front of Charlie.
9) 105) dialog: I love it too, but all of our personal feelings about the two cities aside, we don’t share your assertion that the couple is an LA based family. It was very clearly their deal that they would go back to New York after Nicole finished her show.
9) 111) dialog: Sidebar! (putting his hand on Charlie’s arm) (MORE )
9) 113) dialog: Nora, is there a spare office, where Charlie and I could sidebar?
10) 1) dialog: (a bit overwhelmed) Nora’s a very good lawyer.
10) 2) dialog: Uh huh. (impressed) Tough, right?
10) 4) dialog: And you're in a bind because you’ve shown that you’re willing to fly out here and rent an apartment to see your son--
10) 6) dialog: I know that. And I'm doing that because I want to see my kid. Not to set a precedent.
10) 7) dialog: Yes, but unfortunately you are setting a precedent. And a judge may look at it that way.
10) 9) dialog: No, because then it will look to the court like you don’t care about seeing your son.
10) 11) dialog: Well, the way this is going, we might have to go to court. 100.
10) 13) dialog: I am. And I know it seems unfair. But imagine if you were a poor mother abandoned by her husband who refuses to pay anything. That’s what the system is trying to protect people from. Charlie nods.
10) 14) dialog: Listen, if I were representing you--
10) 16) dialog: Right, no, of course. I don’t see a judge moving this child from LA-- I think we try to settle today--
10) 18) dialog: She gets LA, but--
10) 20) dialog: Remember, the win is what’s best for Henry. And if you guys go to court, he’1ll get pulled into it.
10) 22) dialog: It'll be different.
10) 24) dialog: Maybe you move here. You heard what Amir said about the space.
10) 26) dialog: I’1l do whatever you want me to do, but this is my advice. I’ve seen these things go on and on and the burden of these battles is immeasurable. I had a client get colon cancer and die before he and his wife came to agreement.
10) 28) dialog: It’s too late and even if you did, I don’t think it would matter. They’re being reasonable financially. You’re lucky they’re not asking for half of your grant money--
10) 30) dialog: If this continues, she might.
10) 32) dialog: Whether they do or not, it’1ll cost you half your grant money anyway to go to court and prove it. Charlie deflates.
10) 34) dialog: But you didn’t commit any crime. 102.
10) 36) dialog: If we give on LA right now and try to make the best deal possible, I think we can get her to give on some other fronts.
10) 38) dialog: He’1l know. (dismayed) I don’t-- I should never have let her come out here with Henry.
10) 39) dialog: If it wasn’t LA and New York it would be something else. You'd be fighting over a house or school district or... It’s like the joke about the woman at the hairdresser who's going to Rome--
10) 40) dialog: A woman is at her hairdresser’s and she says, “Oh, I’m going to Rome on holiday” and the hairdresser says-- Charlie stares at the clock on the wall.
10) 41) dialog: “What airline are you taking?” And she says, “Al Italia.” And he says, “Oh that’s the worst airline I’ve--" He continues the joke as Charlie observes the second hand moving around the circle. Finally:
10) 43) dialog: No matter what happens here, it’s temporary. He’s growing up, he’s going to have opinions on the subject. Time is on your side, Charlie. Maybe he’1ll do college on the East Coast. CUT TO: Henry’s face. He’s talking animatedly about how much money he has in his piggybank.