1) 136) dialog: I’m sorry I look so schleppy. INT. NORA FANSHAW’S OFFICE. DAY Nora Fanshaw, 40's, looks amazing and elegant. Today she is in tight designer jeans, a YSL blazer, red pumps and full make-up. 29. Nicole, in old jeans and a button-down, sits on a comfortable, stylish couch, a Moroccan rug on the floor-- an office that looks like a suite at a W Hotel. A sheepskin throw, fresh flowers on the coffee table.
1) 137) dialog: I had an event at my kid’s school. Nicole grows suddenly self-conscious about what she’s wearing.
1) 138) dialog: Let me get this out of the way, I think you’re a wonderful actress.
1) 140) dialog: I loved All Over The Girl but the theater stuff too.
1) 141) dialog: (can’t help but be I saw Electra. pleased) You’ve seen the theater stuff?
1) 142) dialog: I was in New York last year for my book -- which, remind me to give you a copy -- and my publisher took me.
1) 143) dialog: Oh...great. Thank you. Fantastic. You’re awesome.
1) 145) dialog: I know. He’s very talented.
1) 147) dialog: He was lucky to have you. While I’m making a show about a plant invasion. 30.
1) 148) dialog: (really asking the question) How are you doing? Having been asked that question at that moment in that wa does something to her. Tears run down Nicole’s cheeks.
1) 149) dialog: Oh, honey. Nora kicks off her shoes and tucks them under her feet. She rises, grabs a box of tissues and curls up next to Nicole on the couch. Nicole takes a tissue and she and Nora meet eyes. It feel intimate and safe.
1) 150) dialog: You take some breaths. And while you do, I’m going to tell you about myself. She texts something to someone and then very deliberately puts her phone down on the table. Nora puts her hand on Nicole’s leg. She talks to her like a good girlfriend.
1) 151) dialog: If you should choose to hire me, I will work tirelessly for you and am always available by phone or text, EXCEPT when I’m with my kids. I insist on doing drop-off and pick-up at school every day.
1) 153) dialog: I’ve been through this myself so I know how it feels.
1) 154) dialog: (hopeful) Yes. I have a kid from my You do? ex who was a narcissistic artist and verbally abusive. I’m now with a great boyfriend, who lives in Malibu. 31.
1) 156) dialog: No, of course not, but they ravish you with attention in the beginning and then once we have babies, we become the mom and they get sick of us. Nicole nods.
1) 157) dialog: Where do you want live now, doll?
1) 159) dialog: You want to stay here. Nicole likes hearing this affirmation, but then hesitates
1) 161) dialog: We're interested in what YOU want to do. Sounds to me like you did your time in New York. He can do some time here, no?
1) 163) dialog: How old is your son?
1) 165) dialog: It sounds like a wonderful childhood to me: the first half New York and the second half in LA.
1) 167) dialog: I want you to listen to me, what you’re doing is an act of HOPE. Do you understand that?
1) 168) dialog: (suddenly meaning it) You're saying, I want Yes. something better for myself.
1) 169) dialog: I do. And this, right now, is the worst time. It will only get better. Wasn’t it Tom Petty who said the waiting is the hardest part?
1) 170) dialog: I don’t know. I represented his wife in their divorce, I got her half of that song.
1) 172) dialog: Of course you do. But we can do both.
1) 174) dialog: Don’t worry, we’ll do it as gently as possible. (beat) Now, can you tell me a little bit more about what’s going on? Because part of what we’re going to do together is tell your STORY. Nicole wipes her eyes for the millionth time. She stands and grabs a tissue from the table. She takes a deep breath.
1) 176) dialog: I understand. Why don’t you start at the beginning, wherever that is for you. And Nicole begins. As she talks she finds her voice and gains momentum and she starts to feel better, the tears start to dry up and she becomes more powerful, more herself.
1) 178) dialog: Isn’t it? It’s the Manuka honey.
1) 182) dialog: I‘’1l give you some to take home.
1) 190) dialog: (fierce) That fucking asshole. INT. SANDRA’S HOUSE, LOS ANGELES. EVENING Cassie husband, Sam and their kids, Jules and Molly, play Monopoly with Henry in the den. Henry has trouble reading the Chance card. Sam helps him with it.
3) 1) dialog: Is this Charlie Barber?
3) 3) dialog: Hi, this is Nora Fanshaw, I represent your wife, Nicole Barber.
3) 5) dialog: Do you have an attorney yet?
3) 7) dialog: OK, then it’s OK for me to talk to you directly. OK?
3) 10) dialog: I’m calling because we haven't received a response to our filing. The set designer, Agnes, opens the door to the stairwell and holds up two photos of stools. Charlie points at one of them. The designer nods. 63.
3) 13) dialog: You’re going to need to file your response. Now she holds up two images of phones. An old style one from the 30’s and a rotary from the 70's.
3) 15) dialog: It’s been more than thirty days since you were served. By law you’re meant to respond within thirty days.
3) 16) dialog: I didn’t like the first It says that very clearly on lawyer I met. the document you were given. Did you read it?
3) 20) dialog: And we've let you take your time...
3) 24) dialog: If you don’t file your (to Frank) response we’re going to file You can’t just tuck it in a request for default tighter or get Donna to judgement against you. safety pin it?
3) 26) dialog: It’s a hold-over from Charlie? childhood. Insecurities about my figure.
3) 29) dialog: We'll be able to lay claim to whatever we want.
3) 31) dialog: Your apartment, your things--well, everything you own.
3) 33) dialog: And it means, we’1ll set the number for child support at its highest level and claim full custody of your child...
3) 36) dialog: This is what the law says.
3) 38) dialog: No, Charlie, I represent Nicole and she’s aware of everything I’m saying to you.
3) 40) dialog: Well, I spoke to her five minutes before I got on this call.
3) 42) dialog: You need to get a lawyer and respond immediately. Nicole wants to do this amicably but you’re leaving us no other option, Charlie.
3) 44) dialog: I don’t know where “here” is. 66.
3) 46) dialog: That’s what all that honking is! No, you'll have to come to LA and meet people in LA.
3) 47) dialog: I’m rehearsing a-- If you don’t respond in Los Angeles by Friday, you'll leave us no choice.
9) 71) dialog: Nicole and Charlie’s son, Henry, was born here in Los Angeles and currently attends Laurel Elementary in Laurel Canyon--
9) 74) dialog: --and Nicole works in Hollywood on her show while also maintaining a full schedule as a mother with classes of swim, art, gym and music as well as play groups. And then CUT TO Charlie, in a dark wool suit, who sweats.
9) 75) dialog: Nicole is Henry's primary custodial parent and to the extent that Charlie would like to exercise his custodial time, he should be making efforts to visit Henry here in California. And now INTERCUT between their two faces as if they’re having a conversation, though neither of them opens their mouth. They both listen to their representatives, sometimes with emotion, other times anger, disbelief, and self-consciousness. They occasionally look at their hands or jot down a note.
9) 77) dialog: My client worked in New York, for several years--that’s true. But Nicole was born and bred right here in LA. She and Charlie would come here most holidays and summers to spend time with her family who all live here. She and Charlie were married here, would you like to see the photos? We CUT WIDE. The room has big windows with views of other surrounding glass offices. 95. Nicole sits next to Nora who looks amazing in an expensiv fitted power suit and heels. Behind them sits, Amir, Nora’s associate.
9) 80) dialog: And it’s my understanding that Charlie PROMISED Nicole that they would spend more time in LA during the marriage but because of Charlie’s insistence that his work keep them in New York, Nicole ended up staying much longer than she ever anticipated. In fact, a few years ago, Charlie was offered a residency at the Geffen Playhouse that would have taken his work and family to LA for a year and he turned it down knowing full well that this was Nicole’s desire.
9) 82) dialog: Was this the same consistency he wanted to maintain when they went to Copenhagen for six months so he could direct a play? An assistant has her head in the door trying to get Amir’ attention. 96.
9) 83) dialog: So, while I understand that CHARLIE lives in New York and when it’s convenient for his work schedule, flies out here to see his son--
9) 84) dialog: He flies out here every (looking at Charlie) chance he gets at great I don’t see any reason you expense-- can’t be out here full-time. Amir acknowledges the anxious assistant and interrupts.
9) 87) dialog: I love Manny’s. (to Charlie) Have you had Manny’s? Charlie is taken aback, unsure how to process this question. He shakes his head.
9) 88) dialog: You’1l love it, just really yummy salads and sandwiches.
9) 93) dialog: Congratulations, Charlie, on your grant, Nicole told me.
9) 96) dialog: I told Nicole, I LOVED your play. You are one smart cookie. I'd love to get inside your brain!
9) 98) dialog: There was that one moment when you smell the toast. (to Amir) Smell! It was literally my favorite thing I saw that year. Truly genius.
9) 103) dialog: (launching back in) Now, whenever Charlie is in LA, Nicole, of course, agrees that it will best for Henry to see each parent equally-- (to Charlie) It’s nice out here, Charlie. You should give it a chance.
9) 106) dialog: I’m not aware of any deal.
9) 108) dialog: Charlie, is this like the deal you made that you and Nicole would spend more time in LA during the marriage?
9) 110) dialog: So, it’s a deal when it’s something you want, but it’s a discussion when Nicole wants it?
10) 73) dialog: I think we’re mostly finished. Bert and I hammered out ninety- percent of the details, there’s a couple minor things hanging that should be easy and then the judge will make your divorce official.
10) 75) dialog: I hear the tracking for your show is off the chain--
10) 77) dialog: I made sure the date of separation came AFTER the pilot pick-up to protect that money-- (suddenly) Fuck me.
10) 81) dialog: Charlie shouldn’t have done this.
10) 83) dialog: It means everything we’ve agreed upon is now off the table. Jay and Charlie take a bench a ways away. Jay says Hi to some other lawyers.
10) 85) dialog: Not with Jay Marotta representing him. This is a street fight now. And I'm going to have to ask for things we wouldn’t normally ask for. We’ll need as much leverage as possible to negotiate with. Nora rises with a pinched smile--
10) 86) dialog: This system rewards bad behavior. --and greets Jay. Nicole looks over at Charlie who doesn’t meet her eye.
10) 92) dialog: My client will not be slut- shamed for an artistic choice. Nora takes a moment.
10) 93) dialog: Charlie has just received the enormous sum of six hundred and fifty thousand dollars in the form of a MacArthur grant for the theater work he has conducted during the marriage.
10) 94) dialog: 
10) 98) dialog: She lent her name to the Marquee and was the principle reason people came to the theater. 109.
10) 99) dialog: That may have been true ten She, in turn, helped years ago-- establish Charlie's reputation. Charlie looks over at Nicole. She looks down.
10) 100) dialog: Over the next ten years she was subsequently offered parts in movies, TV shows, most of which she turned down at Charlie’s bequest to be a mother and to act in his plays. Now, while we’re willing to be flexible on support we contend that half of Charlie’s grant money should be split between the parties. Charlie looks at Jay. oh,
10) 102) dialog: He became a genius during the course of the marriage.
10) 105) dialog: No, he was implying what was true: his genius was an intangible asset built during the marriage. Charlie and Nicole both stare at the floor. 110.
10) 107) dialog: Why not? And whether you think it’s fair or not, Jay, the first monetary installment from the MacArthur grant was then put in a joint marital account and thus became community property so this and any further installments should be split between the parties. Jay whispers to Charlie. Jay turns
10) 111) dialog: Withholding, Jay? Really? Alienating. Those are fighting words and it is simply false and does nothing to further our settlement. Your recap of this situation is outrageous. (MORE )
10) 113) dialog: And although California is, without doubt, a no-fault state, it does bear mentioning in the accurate recap of this situation that Charlie had had extramarital affairs--
10) 115) dialog: Do you really want me to go there?
10) 120) dialog: Charlie, can I ask you: How can you expect to have more time with Henry when you don’t exercise the time you have AND exercise it responsibly. (MORE )
10) 122) dialog: On a recent visit to Los Angeles, after failing to text, call or communicate in any way, shape or form, Charlie finally arrived two hours late to pick up Henry at Nicole’s mother’s house. At that point the car seat which he assured Nicole had been professionally installed was clearly not even belted in, just sitting on the back seat. Jay turns to Charlie.
10) 302) dialog: I’m going to stop you there. Nora stands up from behind the female associate who is doing the practice interview with Nicole. We’re in Nora’s office.
10) 303) dialog: Don’t ever say that. People don’t accept a mother who drinks too much wine and yells at her child and calls him an asshole. I get it. I do it too. While she talks she also texts and addresses emails on he phone. 129.
10) 304) dialog: We can accept an imperfect Dad. Let’s face it, the idea of a good father was only invented like 30 years ago. Before that fathers were expected to be silent and absent and unreliable and selfish and we can all say that we want them to be different but on some basic level we ACCEPT them, we LOVE them for their fallibilities. But people absolutely DON’T accept those same failings in mothers. (building up steam) We don't accept it structurally and we don't accept it spiritually because the basis of our Judeo- Christian Whatever is Mary Mother of Jesus and she’s PERFECT. She’s a virgin who gives birth, unwaveringly supports her child, and holds his dead body when he’s gone. But the Dad isn’t there. He didn’t even do the fucking because God’s in heaven. God is the father and God didn't show up so you have to be perfect and Charlie can be a fuck up and it doesn't matter. You’1ll always be held to a different, higher standard and it’s FUCKED up, but that’s the way it is.
10) 445) dialog: I want your mom!
10) 447) dialog: So, because Charlie dropped his claim to New York, we’re mostly done. Jay’s lost interest and Ted, his associate, is doing the paper work.
10) 449) dialog: We withdrew the claim for the MacArthur, which I think we could have gotten by the way, and they’re not asking for any of the show.
10) 451) dialog: You’re welcome, doll. (pause) And when Charlie’s in LA, I got the custody breakdown to be 55/45, so you'll have Henry one extra day every two weeks...
10) 453) dialog: I tweaked it at the last minute. I just didn’t want him to be able to say he got 50/50.
10) 454) dialog: But I don’t-- Bragging to his friends.
10) 456) dialog: Take it! You won.