3) 13) text: A Shaolin warrior lets nothing intrude. Continue, never mind. He continues to kick, and Kwan continues to look at the d Finally, the student stops kicking, half-heartedly bows t master, and then moves to the side of the workout room. K know he's gone. Kwan turns around, forgetting for a momen doing, and comes face to face with the mother of a studen RODRIGUEZ, and she is holding a uniform of some sort. She widely at him and holds up the uniform. It is beautiful, hand made, and on the back is embroidered: "Kwan's Shaoli underneath that is "Drew Carson". Kwan takes in the entir while the rest of the class is gathering around to have a are all very impressed. KWAN (CONT'D)
3) 14) text: Never in my days at the Shaolin Temple have I seen uniform as beautiful as this. Thank you, Mrs. Rodriguez. I wish Drew were here to thank you himself. Ta ma de! This last he says looking at the empty door. MOTHER
5) 3) dialog: As he continues to move around the workout area, his arms moving as he tries to match the movements on the TV. Suddenly, Kwan jumps out of the shadows, attacking. Drew instantly, evading the attack, the wax sloshing around in but not spilling (INSERT SHOT HERE). Kwan continues the a Drew evades, their movements matching the movements on th move for move. It is a beautiful ballet, and Drew ends it Kwan down to the ground. When Kwan hits the ground, hard, lit by the TV screen.
5) 4) dialog: Who, for the first time, sees that it is Kwan. DREW
5) 8) dialog: Is taking the glued-on cups of wax off his shoulders, whi the already hard wax off his chest. DREW
5) 9) text: Practicing. I saw it in this movie... Kwan shakes his head and walks over to Drew, standing in him. KWAN
5) 10) text: Why didn't you come to class? Why waste time with this... Should study tapes of opponent. DREW
5) 12) text: Not quite В­ our drills at the temple had meaning. If we had tapes, we would have watched them. Drew starts to protest, but Kwan doesn't even let him sta KWAN (CONT'D)
5) 13) text: "The    warrior who knows himself and his opponent will w 100    times in 100 battles." Study the tapes I gave you. All    these years of one on one training В­ you're the b I've    ever taught. DREW
5) 16) text: Face reality, before it breaks your jaw! Drew holds out his hand for the tape, and Kwan slaps it i hand. Drew smiles a defeated smile and turns toward the V Drew's stepfather, BOB, walks in. He is a big, overweight is very angry. BOB (shouting)
5) 17) text: Are you screwing around with this stuff again? DREW
5) 19) text: It's your attitude that bothers me, son. DREW
5) 23) text: You're here because I told your Mom I'd see you were taken care of... after. At least respect my wishes, and make something of yourself... Stop wasting your time! DREW
5) 25) text: You mean when you're in jail... DREW
9) 9) dialog: As he wins.
9) 13) text: Fighting for the Grand Championship: Trevor Gottitall and Drew Carson. 3 rounds, max point. Gentlemen, bow to the ref, to each other... The referee gives them a signal and the fight begins. Dre his own, but Trevor is scoring. After several flashy move is over. Score: 6 - 1. We see Trevor's cheerleaders cheering.
9) 22) dialog: As he packs up his stuff.
11) 3) text: Next time we get that guy... DREW
11) 8) text: The crowd whispered "Shaolin", and he bowed to us, touched my cheek and smiled, then just walked on. I watched him until he disappeared in the distance. He was larger than life, a hero to a little boy of 5. I vowed then and there to become like him, fight for right like the Shaolin. He pauses again, looking at Drew. Drew meets his gaze, wo he is telling him this story. KWAN (CONT'D)
11) 9) text: I never did, though. My family left China and ended up here in New York, a young boy's dream left behind in China. DREW
11) 11) text: Made up. I never trained at the Shaolin Temple. When I realized my dream couldn't come true, I convinced myself that it had anyway. It was a small step to convince other people. DREW
11) 13) text: I've given you all I can, and it's not enough. It was never enough. You're like a son to me, Drew, and you have all the potential in the world, but I can't take you where you want to go. Kwan takes the needle out of Drew's arm, and then rubs th it was with a cotton ball. KWAN (CONT'D)
11) 14) text: There, that should control the swelling. He watches Drew, who is pondering what Kwan has said. DREW
11) 16) text: No. DREW
11) 18) text: No. Drew nods, an idea forming in his head. A slight smile fo face. Kwan was expecting him to be angry, he never expect KWAN (CONT'D)
11) 19) text: What? DREW
11) 21) text: What are you talking about? DREW
11) 22) text: I'm going to the Shaolin Temple В­ they can train me so I will never lose like that again. Kwan feels Drew's forehead. A long beat here as Kwan stud eyes. KWAN
11) 23) text: He hit you so hard, you're delirious. I'll get a cold cloth. He starts to get up, but Drew grabs his arm and forces hi DREW
11) 24) text: (eyes intent) Don't you    see? You said    yourself I needed the right training В­    where better    than the Shaolin Temple? W holding me    here? I have    the chance to do what you couldn't.    I will go to    the Shaolin Temple. Kwan looks at him, realizes he's serious. He nods his hea the idea serious consideration. He smiles along with Drew KWAN
11) 25) text: I must pay for your ticket... DREW
11) 27) text: I grew up on the stories of the Shaolin, and you can be those stories. You can live my dream for me В­ at least let me help you. Let an old man make up for the trouble he's caused. Kwan touches Drew's bruised cheek, fatherly love in his e nods his head, then bows in the traditional Chinese manne DREW
11) 32) dialog: As he packs for China.
14) 0) text: There are no seats. Drew takes his pack off and sits on i Next to him is an old man, his teeth red and rotted from juice. The man smiles at Drew.
15) 2) text: Drew watches the countryside go by. Temples, farms and ri slide by, with an occasionally glimpse of the Great Wall.
19) 3) dialog: Walking aimlessly. He comes to an intersection and sees a says "Shaolin Temple" with an arrow. He goes in the direc the arrow points.
20) 2) text: Hello, ladies! Can you tell me how to get to the Shaolin Temple? They titter with laughter, covering their mouths with the Drew is not really amused, however, he is frustrated and DREW (CONT'D)
20) 5) text: I do. But wouldn't it make more sense for you to speak Chinese than to expect us to speak English? DREW (flustered)
20) 7) text: Why do you want to find the temple? DREW
20) 8) text: (not without pride) I am going to join the temple as a monk. Ashema translates this for her friends, and they titter a gesture to Drew's longish hair and laugh, and then make s at martial arts movements. ASHEMA (CONT'D)
20) 9) text: I'm going that way В­ I can take you. DREW
20) 12) text: Hop on. Drew does, and they take off, the girls from the school t they drive off.
23) 2) text: Whoa! Ashema climbs off the back and takes the bike from Drew, his awe-struck face. ASHEMA
23) 3) text: I have to help my grandfather with our stand. If you get a chance, come by later. DREW (distracted)
23) 5) text: Good luck. DREW
23) 7) text: Hey, thanks a lot for the ride. I hope I see you again. They wave at each other, and Ashema pushes her bike off. Drew turns back to stare at the front of the temple. He i all sink in. After a moment, he picks up his backpack and heads for th door. He pulls it open and disappears inside.
25) 2) text: Excuse me, Master. No answer. DREW (CONT'D)
25) 3) text: Hello? Busy, huh? Still no answer. The man is just slamming his hand into t over and over. Drew sighs and walks on. He goes down a path, and floweri are on either side of him. He can see the "pagoda forest" distance. At the end of the path, a monk, SAN DE, is swee path. Drew walks up to the monk and bows. DREW (CONT'D)
25) 4) text: Master, may I ask you a question? No answer nor response. Drew's kind of tired of this trea DREW (CONT'D)
26) 0) text: The monks are still chanting. Drew stands there, listenin moving with the beat, until they stop chanting. Drew, thinking it was some kind of performance, claps his DREW
26) 2) text: No tourists! Temple closed! DREW
26) 3) text: So you can see me?!? Several monks rush up and start herding Drew towards the MONK 1
26) 4) text: (very agitated) No tourists! No tourists! Drew stops their progress and makes sure he has the monk' DREW (CONT'D)
26) 6) text: That's not possible. DREW
26) 8) text: The training is too difficult. Besides, Shaolin policy is no foreigners. DREW
26) 10) text: What people want and what they can have are often not the same. DREW
26) 12) text: Oh, yes, especially in this case. DREW
26) 13) text: I'm not leaving. Drew starts to sit down, intent on staying, almost like a going to hold his breath until he turns blue. MONK
26) 15) text: Remove him. He continues in a stream of Chinese, and the other monks and physically force him to stand up and start moving him door. DREW
26) 16) text: I just want to be a monk! Drew is forced through the courtyard to the front door. They pass the monk who was sweeping up in the back of the watches with interest as they open the door and force Dre it, out of the temple. He smiles.
27) 3) text: Hey! What about my... The temple door opens again, and out comes Drew's backpac It lands next to him, but spews out a couple of pairs of and some socks. The people standing around laugh. Drew gathers up the clothing and stuffs it back into his sits there for a moment, then gets up and heads for the s and stands ringing the courtyard. He walks past a couple of the stalls, looking at the peop them. He doesn't see Ashema. He passes a tea stall, where is sitting down sipping his tea. The old man looks at Drew and smiles, and Drew is about t when Ashema stands up from where she was squatting behind ASHEMA
27) 4) text: Drew? DREW
27) 5) text: Hi. Drew sits down heavily, putting his pack down next to him Ashema places a cup of tea down in front of him, the stea from it. DREW (CONT'D)
27) 7) text: What happened? DREW
28) 3) text: You've had enough. Drew's shoulders slump even more. ASHEMA (CONT'D)
28) 4) text: Maybe it's for the best, Drew. You belong in America. New York. DREW
28) 5) text: I have to do this. I can't go home, not until I'm a monk. I'd be even more of a disgrace... The old man talks to Ashema for the first time. He chatte Chinese, motioning towards Drew. ASHEMA
28) 6) text: Not now, Bau Bau. DREW
28) 9) text: He is telling a story about a monk who was refused admission into the temple. It broke his heart not to be allowed to be a monk. DREW
28) 11) text: He decided not to leave. He stayed in the courtyard until they let him in. DREW
28) 13) text: A long time В­ through the worst weather. He just sat there, unmoving, through rain, sleet, snow. DREW
28) 16) text: Of course they did В­ what kind of story do you think my Bau Bau would tell? He stayed in front of the temple until they could no longer say no. He went on to become one of the most famous monks in the history of the temple. Drew sits there, thinking, letting it all soak in. He the and smiles. DREW
28) 18) text: What are you going to do? Are you going home? Drew shakes his head. DREW
28) 19) text: I'm camping out. He starts away from the stand. DREW (CONT'D)
29) 2) text: Go home! You cannot stay here! No response from Drew. He just sits there, staring straig ADMISSIONS MONK (CONT'D)
29) 3) text: Do you hear me? Go away! Drew doesn't move. San De, the sweeping monk, walks out of the open door, a him carrying a suitcase. He walks past Drew, noticing him there. He walks on. The Admissions Monk slams the door, angry.
30) 10) text: Give this up, Drew! Please? No response from Drew. Just a small smile.
30) 17) text: My Bau Bau says, keep it up! He is proud of you... Drew nods.
31) 2) dialog: Same as the first shot, all alone in the temple.
32) 2) text: My head is shiny enough already, don't you think? Drew, in shock at his ability to speak English, sputters DREW
32) 4) text: What are you trying to do? DREW
32) 6) text: Why are you sitting here? DREW
32) 8) text: Has it been hard? DREW
32) 10) text: (nodding) Much of the training at the temple is in that direction В self sacrifice. Tell me more. DREW
32) 11) text: At first I was really bored, and very lonely. But then, things changed. Maybe it's like hitting the wall in running В­ it was like I became part of the courtyard, an I felt powerful. Even the spider became my friend... Drew opens up his hand to reveal a spider sitting in his DREW (CONT'D)
32) 12) text: It was an incredible experience В­ I said I'd do it, and did it. San De, watching Drew intently, smiles at this last. He s bows to Drew. Drew bows back, from his seated position. SAN DE
32) 13) text: I wish you all the best. DREW
32) 14) text: Same to you. San De turns and goes into the temple, leaving Drew still the courtyard, the setting sun in the b.g.
33) 2) text: They are disciples. This is the last class for fighting monks at Shaolin. Drew, very concerned, watches as the monks-to-be file thr temple doors. The mothers and fathers of the boys watch proudly as the through. The temple doors close.
33) 3) dialog: Who is crushed. His chance is gone. ASHEMA (CONT'D)
33) 4) text: I'm sorry, Drew. It was a good effort. Drew is sitting there, trying to understand what is happe the door to the temple opens again. The Drill Sergeant ap doorway and impatiently motions for Drew to come in. The crowd has stopped and is watching the drama unfold. Drew gets up warily, expecting some trick. The Drill Sergeant motions again, wanting Drew to hurry u Drew looks at Ashema and her Bau Bau and smiles. He picks backpack and starts towards the temple, limping from sitt long. The crowd goes crazy, clapping and yelling. Drew runs into the temple. The door closes behind him.
34) 5) dialog: MONK
34) 6) text: Do you renounce the earthly world? DREW
34) 8) text: Will you abide by the rules of the temple, even if it means death? DREW
34) 9) text: I do. The Drill Sergeant comes up behind Drew and WHACKS him in with his elbow. DRILL SERGEANT (whispering)
34) 10) text: Answer "Yes, without pause." DREW (rubbing his side)
34) 15) dialog: MONK
34) 16) text: Do you accept the shr fu at the Shaolin Temple as your spiritual leaders? DREW
34) 18) text: Will a fighting monk ever use his skills for personal gain? Drew pauses, looking at the Drill Sergeant. The D.S. nods on. DREW
34) 19) text: Yes, without pause. The D.S. puts his hands over his eyes. DREW (CONT'D)
34) 20) text: I mean, no, of course not. Then, another gong sounds, and the quizzing is concluded. A figure moves down a corridor in beautiful robes. Everyo down, their eyes on the floor, to the figure, who is movi the raised platform in the center. Drew, also bowed down, sneaks a peak at the figure. It is San De! San De catches his eye and smiles slightly. He winks at D clears his throat. Everyone stands up again. SAN DE
34) 23) dialog: Who now knows that the monk he called a "Janitor" is the DREW
34) 25) text: Shut up! DREW
34) 34) text: Your training begins tomorrow. For now, your shr fu will introduce you to our temple. Welcome to Shaolin. San De walks away, and the disciples are split into sever "platoons". Drew is matched up with the Drill Sergeant, a also in his group. DREW
35) 0) text: Drew walks behind the other disciples, who are lining up robes. As he takes his place in line, a monk comes up to backpack. Drew resists, and a tug of war ensues. DREW
35) 2) text: You must surrender this. DREW
35) 4) text: It is unseemly to argue like this. Take the backpack into the sleeping quarters. (to Drew) Do not cling to material things В­ it is not good for you soul. He walks away, and Drew reluctantly gives up his backpack Drew lines back up, and is about to get his robes, when G over and takes them from him. Drew immediately shoves him to grab the robes back. Gao smiles and moves away, holdin up and away from Drew. Drew is pissed and ready to go after Gao. Before he can, another disciple, grabs another set of robes from the tab it to Drew, pulling him away from the confrontation. DREW (CONT'D)
35) 6) text: Watch out for Gao. He's trouble. DREW
35) 8) text: Who knows? Maybe for the challenge? DREW
36) 3) text: This will symbolize your final break from the outside world. DREW (CONT'D)
36) 4) text: Can't I just wear a patch? The D.S. shakes his head, and Drew sits down, unhappy. The barber starts on Drew's head, big clumps of hair fall the floor.
37) 3) text: What outside world? I don't want to be seen by anybody... He rubs his hand over his head, and then sees the others. Li is smiling. DREW (CONT'D)
38) 7) text: Well, this monk smells! Drew unconsciously smells himself. He shakes his head. Li goes up to the D.S. and points to the bed he was assig LI
38) 9) text: Go to sleep. No talking! We have an early day of training tomorrow. Gao collects his stuff and starts off to the new bed, hit with his shoulder. Drew trips him as he walks away, all d secretively since the D.S. is watching. DREW
38) 10) text: Jerk! Li comes over to the new bed, and in silence they get cli their respective beds. D.S. switches off the lights, then Drew stares up at the ceiling. DREW (CONT'D)
38) 12) text: Where are you from? DREW
38) 14) text: Beijing. What is New York like? DREW
38) 16) text: Shut UP! DREW
38) 17) text: Blow me! Drew waits for a moment, fearful that the D.S. will be co in. He doesn't. DREW (CONT'D)
38) 23) dialog: As he climbs back into bed, bone-weary. He lies back down
40) 4) text: You don't like it, don't eat it. He takes the bowl away. DREW (CONT'D)
40) 5) text: I didn't say I wasn't going to eat it... Geez! He turns to the rest of the disciples. DREW (CONT'D)
42) 4) dialog: Who is more excited than all the others. ANGLE ON THE D.S. As he walks to the front of the group. In his hand he is shovel. D.S. Bodhidharma, the patriarch of the Shaolin Temple tau to train the mind, we first have to train the body.
42) 7) text: Each one of you take a shovel. DREW
42) 10) text: You will be digging today, digging our new latrines. DREW
42) 12) text: A Shaolin fighting monk-in training does not ask questions. He just obeys. The D.S. leads the way to the latrine building, and the d follow, each of them carrying a shovel. Drew is trudging believing what they are doing. DREW (CONT'D)
42) 18) dialog: As he lifts up two heavy buckets of dirt on a pole, then pole on his shoulders, the muscles in his arms, shoulders straining. He walks off to the side of the area to dump i As he dumps the dirt, a pole appears and CRACKS across hi drops the buckets and falls to the ground. He gets up as he can, but there is no one to be seen.
42) 25) text: Any problems? Drew shakes his head and starts to eat, quickly.
42) 26) dialog: As he loads up a two baskets of dirt onto his pole. He ge onto his shoulders, in pain, and starts to walk. Immediat D.S. is there in front of him. He examines the baskets. They are not full. He moves quickly and dumps both baskets of dirt. DREW
42) 30) text: Sorry, all gone. Get some more. Drew stares at all the water spilled onto the ground, the at the D.S., then forces a smile. He takes the proferred water (made of wood, with pointed bottoms and large handl D.S. indicates that they are to be held straight out to t work on the shoulder muscles. Drew turns and walks away, himself. DREW (CONT'D)
42) 31) text: I'm gonna get you, man. Oh, yeah... Gao is laughing as he watches Drew go.
44) 2) dialog: As his eyes go closed, finally.
45) 4) text: Back up and let me pass. DREW
45) 5) text: No chance, Gao. You back up. Gao smiles and shakes   his head. Gao starts forward, and in the leg with a leg   sweep. Drew tries to keep his bal fights a valient, but   losing battle. He falls over the in his buckets flying   everywhere. Gao wipes his hands o continues walking.
46) 3) text: Breath in through your nose, out through your mouth. Imagine yourself sitting on the bank of a river watching your thoughts flow by. Clear your mind... Think of nothing. Drew sits, trying to think of nothing. He is not succeedi
47) 2) text: Come out, goddamn it! Show yourself! No answer, as we HOLD on Drew looking around.
48) 3) text: Human waste. DREW
48) 4) text: Oh, man! You guys actually use this as fertilizer? That's disgusting! They turn to go back, and there is Gao, balancing a huge night soil over his head, peasant-style. He is on the sam they are going to walk on. DREW (CONT'D)
48) 6) text: (a little worried) Let me pass. He reaches down and plucks a stick out of the earth at hi then closes on Gao a little bit. DREW (CONT'D)
48) 7) text: There's something on the bottom of your basket. Drew pokes at the basket for a moment, right over Gao's h he JAMS the stick in, and holds it there. DREW (CONT'D)
48) 8) text: Oops! I think I found the problem. (beat) A hole. Drew pulls the stick out and watches as the night soil ca onto Gao's head. They back away as Gao goes running towar where the night soil is deposited. DREW (CONT'D)
49) 2) text: This is ridiculous. Suddenly, a bamboo pole CRACKS Drew on the shoulder. He t ready for a fight, only to see the D.S. standing there, t raised for another strike. D.S.
49) 3) text: Back to work. Drew is about to say something, but doesn't. He returns t
53) 3) dialog: It is him, he is asleep! Suddenly, a bamboo shinai is SLAMMED across Drew's back, up. MEDITATION MONK
54) 3) dialog: Working hard.
55) 1) dialog: Who is holding court. DREW
55) 3) text: But we swore to obey them... DREW
55) 5) text: Huh? DREW
55) 7) text: They haven't changed for centuries, why should we listen to you? DREW
55) 9) text: I'm with you! The others are with him too, except for Gao. They are rea explode, and Drew has the match. DREW
55) 10) text: I'm for going to the Headmaster right now! They are all ready. They head for the door, but Gao doesn Drew stops at the door and turns to Gao. DREW (CONT'D)
57) 3) text: Who else? DREW
57) 5) text: This is an interesting coincidence, as I was just on my way to your sleeping quarters to talk with you all. DREW
57) 7) text: I think I'd better... DREW
57) 13) dialog: Who is sputtering now. DREW
58) 2) text: Gentlemen, this calls for a party! He runs to his backpack and pulls out a boom box with spe puts on some good old American Rock 'N' Roll. Everyone, but Gao, is moving in time with the music. Drew accomplished dancer, but the others are pretty bad. The entire effect of the bald-headed monks rocking out is Drew starts showing Li and Wu a couple of dance routines the swim, the twist, etc.). Everyone is having a great ti
58) 4) text: You're trying to get us all kicked out! DREW
58) 5) text: I'm just trying to have a party. Chill out! They push and shove into the middle of the room, a couple and punches thrown, then they face off, ready to duke it The party is raging, while Gao and Drew are the only ones to do battle. Just then, the door starts to open. Everyone freezes and the door, including Gao. Drew, meanwhile, has the presenc jump onto the boom box, shutting it off and hiding it wit
58) 7) dialog: Who waves to the D.S. ANGLE ON THE D.S. Who knows that something is going on. D.S.
58) 8) text: Go to sleep. Lights out. He hits the lights and then closes the door. In the semi- room relaxes in a collective sigh. Drew stands up and pac stereo. Gao walks over past Drew. GAO
59) 5) text: The spirit of Bodhidharma remains. Training is like meditation. Be aware of everything, but aware of nothing in particular. Think not thinking. DREW
59) 8) dialog: Confused.
59) 12) text: At the Shaolin temple, we forge our bodies in the fire of our wills. We adhere to a vow of non-violence, unless someone else is in danger... Follow my movements... He starts moving through a series of techniques, and the disciples try to mimic his actions. He is moving around t they are trying to do what he is doing. Some are getting it, some aren't. Drew, used to a more individualized type of training, isn it.
60) 1) text: A hand COMES INTO FRAME, grabs the wedge and pulls it bac ground. PULL BACK TO REVEAL Drew, along with the other disciples, and throwing these sharp wedges into the ground and pulli out. Their muscles are bulging with the effort.
60) 5) dialog: Trying the poles. He starts out well, but he soon misses almost impaling himself on a pole. DREW
61) 2) text: Block the way I showed you. DREW
61) 4) text: Do it this way. You won't get hit. Drew bows and turns to continue working with Li. By this however, the ranks have shifted, and Gao is opposite Drew Drew attacks first in the series, and Gao uses the block deflect Drew's kick. GAO
61) 5) text: (menacingly) My turn. He attacks, and Drew gets to the final technique. He bloc he did before, and he gets slammed brutally by Gao. Gao stands over him, smiling.
62) 2) text: A monk is alternately falling down and kipping up, fallin kipping up. Drew's group is working on several very athletic maneuver which Drew is especially good at. Gao, of course, is havi trouble. Drew tries a flying move and falls into a heap on the gro very angry, and he hits the ground with his fist. MONK
62) 3) text: Emotions cloud the spirit В­ eliminate them. DREW
62) 5) text: This is Shaolin Wu Shu. Continue. Drew sits in the dirt, watching everyone around him sail air and flip over the ground. He is not a happy camper.
63) 2) text: I want to go over some takedowns before we end for the day. I'll need a partner... He scans the group, and then points to Drew. Drew smiles walks to the front and bows to D.S. D.S.
63) 3) text: Watch carefully as I take him down, using techniques from shwai jyau, Chinese wrestling. DREW (looking at ground)
63) 5) text: Do they always use mats in America? The group laughs a little at that, and Drew's manhood is challenged. D.S. (CONT'D)
63) 9) text: Attack me straight on... Drew attacks, and is taken down brutally, smashed into th concrete floor. No attempt is made to cushion or soften t Drew gets up right away, and attacks again. Again he is d ground. This continues from all angles and all methods of
63) 12) text: Any questions? Good, that's all for today. Before anyone can move, however, Drew raises his hand as can, obviously in pain. DREW (CONT'D)
63) 13) text: I'm not sure I got that last throw clear in my mind. The group gasps, knowing how much Drew must be hurting, a for his guts. Even Gao is impressed. D.S.
63) 14) text: I said that's enough. DREW (CONT'D)
63) 16) text: Attack! Drew attacks, and the D.S. executes the manuever perfectl Drew down almost on his head. Luckily, Drew is able to tw last moment and take the impact on his already bruised sh moans and groans and lies there. DREW (CONT'D)
63) 17) text: I think I've got it now. Xie Xie! The group disburses, shaking their heads in wonder. Li co Drew, who is still lying on the ground. LI
63) 18) text: Are you trying to kill yourself? DREW
64) 3) text: If you go to San De, he can send you to a doctor... Drew pulls away and stands up. He backs up to the wall of dormitory, right underneath a window. DREW
64) 6) dialog: As the dirty water hits him, drenching him.
65) 7) dialog: It's his turn. He walks to the waterfall and goes in. He umbrella he stashed behind the waterfall (imprinted with GIANTS NFL" logo on it В­ unmistakably American). He walks into the waterfall, and the umbrella works for a Drew is holding it with both hands, and he gets into a de stance. He turns to smile at the D.S., and then waves at the othe as he takes a hand off the handle of the umbrella, the wa him and off he goes into the pool. He lands with a huge splash, doing a painful bellow flop. to the surface, still clutching the now- destroyed umbrel smiles at the other disciples, who are still swimming, sh DREW
66) 2) text: In this exercise, you try to touch your partner's chest lightly, and your partner tries to block. The group gets started doing the drill, and Gao is almost Drew's chest in with his blows. He is so close to Drew th doesn't have a chance to block it. On the last strike, Dr back to the ground. The D.S. is there immediately. D.S.
66) 3) text: Something wrong? Drew shakes his head and gets back up. D.S.
66) 4) text: Switch! Now it's Drew's turn to strike, and he tries to hit Gao w amount of force as he did, but Gao avoids his attack, thr off balance. He throws another punch out, and Gao grabs i Drew falls to the floor again. A monk who was watching wa MONK
66) 5) text: The goal of this drill is not to hurt your partner. Just try to tap his chest. DREW
67) 5) text: Sweep the main chamber, Drew. DREW (CONT'D)
68) 2) dialog: Who begins to sweep. His broom is going over the depressions where the monks t soon he loses his desire to sweep. He takes the broom in a weapon and starts to spin it, going through a martial a his feet moving naturally into the depressions in the flo He finishes with a flourish, having moved into a shadowy corner, and then bows to an imaginary crowd, using the br microphone. DREW (imitating an announcer)
68) 3) text: Presenting, the greatest fighter in the history of the Shaolin temple... Drew Carson! Drew holds his broom over his head, nodding his head to t crowd.
68) 4) dialog: The crowd is going wild. Just then, out of the shadows comes an attacking staff, S Drew's unprotected stomach! Drew, ready to double over in pain, hears the staff hit t and stands up straight, adjusting the frisbee that saved Before he can react, the staff SMACKS him in the back of sends him pitching to the floor.
68) 5) dialog: As he lands face down in the pile of dust and dirt he alr up.
69) 4) dialog: Yeah, what's up with him?
70) 2) text: Legend states that Bodhidharma gave us tea. Once, while meditating, Bodhidharma fell asleep, a natural reaction we all have to fight against. San De looks pointedly at Drew, who doesn't meet his eyes
70) 5) text: Nothing is impossible if your spirit is pure, and your will is strong. The tea is ready, and San De begins to pour for Drew. SAN DE (CONT'D)
70) 6) text: I understand you've been questioning some of the teachings of the temple... DREW
70) 7) text: It's just not the way I was taught... San De keeps pouring into Drew's cup. It is getting to th De is not stopping. DREW (CONT'D)
70) 10) text: The rules and disciplines of the temple exist to free you, not restrict you. They keep your mind from harmful thoughts. (beat) Drink your tea. Drew nods and sips at his tea.
71) 4) text: If my hand was always like this, what would you call it? DREW
71) 6) text: And if it was always like this? DREW (CONT'D)
71) 7) text: Again, deformed. The D.S. nods and walks off, leaving Drew to stare questi Li.
73) 3) text: Drew! We're not supposed to... DREW
73) 4) text: Chill out, guys! It's our day off! He bows to Bau Bau and then they walk off. They walk through the small town, checking it out. They walk through the countryside, enjoying their freedom Drew has brought a frisbee with him, and they are tossing
74) 4) dialog: As he walks by the carvings. The detail and the artistry
75) 5) text: Girls! DREW
75) 7) text: We are not allowed to have contact with females. It is the most serious rule of the temple. DREW
75) 8) text: It's a stupid rule, Li. But... He is about to turn away, then spots Ashema as she runs d to the group of girls. He stands up immediately and start her. He is jogging, at the same time trying to straighten and his hat. Li starts running after Drew. The others follow. DREW (CONT'D)
75) 11) text: ASHEMA! Here! She looks at Drew again, and this time recognizes him. Dr and impulsively he gives her a hug, genuinely very happy Li arrives and pulls them apart. DREW (CONT'D)
75) 13) text: You can get kicked out of the temple for this... DREW
75) 14) text: Who's going to tell, Li? You? He turns to Ashema, who has now backed off a little bit a looking at Drew, a smile on her face, but is pretending t embarrassed. The other girls are gathered around, gigglin DREW
75) 16) text: (hiding a laugh) You look... funny. DREW (CONT'D)
75) 18) text: How do you like the temple? DREW
75) 19) text: Shhh... nobody's supposed to know. Li tugs at Drew's shirt. LI
75) 20) text: We really shouldn't be doing this... DREW
75) 22) text: My school is having a party this Tuesday night. Can you and your friends come? Li and the guys immediately hem and haw their negative re Drew smiles and takes Ashema's hand. The girls start to g He brings her hand up to his lips, and kisses it gently. DREW
76) 3) text: Are you nuts? We can't go to a party, with GIRLS! DREW
76) 5) text: 'R &amp; R'? DREW
76) 7) text: What do you do at a 'party' with girls? Drew smiles, knowing that he has them. DREW
76) 10) text: And we don't know how to talk to girls... DREW
76) 11) text: (trying to sound like an expert) That's easy. You just talk to them like you would to the guys В­ you just don't tell them as much, and... not in the same way... Drew is in over his head. GAO
76) 12) text: Like you know? DREW
76) 13) text: Look, dancing's easy. I'll show you. We'll start with slow dancing. An OOOH escapes from the guys. DREW (CONT'D)
76) 14) text: Dirty dancing! Giggles now. Drew pulls his boom box out of his backpack, searching for a suitable tape. DREW (CONT'D)
76) 15) text: You guys grab a pillow for a partner, while I find some slow music. The disciples have grabbed their pillows. Drew pops the c his boom box and turns it on, low and sultry. DREW (CONT'D)
76) 23) dialog: Who sits back on his bed, his hands clasped behind his he DREW
78) 3) text: Fight, you coward! Drew stares at Gao, then looks around for the D.S. He is other side of the training area. DREW
78) 4) text: You got it. Before he can move, however, Gao attacks, slamming him fu the face. Drew almost falls to the ground, then attacks h battle is joined. The fighting is fast and furious, and soon the others see happening, and gather around. One of the monks comes over to break it up, but they continue fighting, wrestling, ki punching. The D.S. finally gets over to them, and without moving a barks В­ D.S.
78) 5) text: Stop! Drew and Gao immediately break apart, breathing heavy and daggers at each other. D.S. (to others)
78) 6) text: Back to work. He turns and walks off, motioning for Drew and Gao to fol Drew follows immediately, with Gao behind him. Gao shoves
79) 4) text: Tell me what happened. Drew looks at Gao, and Gao looks at Drew. There is a paus is very uncomfortable. Finally, Drew speaks. DREW
79) 7) text: Disciple Gao was better than me. Drew pauses, and Gao is even more surprised at the revela DREW (CONT'D)
79) 10) text: Is this true, Disciple Gao? Gao looks at Drew, wondering what he should say. Drew loo nodding for him to say yes. GAO
79) 14) text: Shake hands and let your emotions go. Gao looks at Drew, knowing that the anger is already long away in the shock of Drew taking the blame. They shake hands. Both Drew and Gao notice the Golden Sash hanging on the w occupying a place of honor. SAN DE (CONT'D)
79) 15) text: That is the Golden Sash, the highest honor of the temple. It is awarded to the monk who has attained the pinnacle of understanding. DREW
79) 19) text: Return to your training. Drew and Gao get up, bow to San De and head for the door. They get to the door at the same time, however, and for a jockey for position, trying to be the first one through t Finally, Drew tires of the game and opens the door for Ga DREW
80) 2) dialog: Now, we're ready! He leads them towards the window of their dorm, but stops gets there. He turns to where Gao is standing, all alone.
80) 3) dialog: Gao, you coming or what? There is a moment of indecision, then Gao frowns, shakes comes jogging towards them.
84) 3) text: Great party... Ashema smiles a sheepish smile. Drew decides that if they to have a good time, he's going to have a hand in it. He cassette tape, gives it to Ashema DREW (CONT'D)
84) 4) text: Play this when I signal, OK? She nods and walks off. Drew motions for Gao and the guys over. They do, and when they do, Drew turns to the giggle DREW (CONT'D)
84) 5) text: Ladies, allow me to introduce my best friends in all of China... He drags Gao over to one of the prettier girls. DREW (CONT'D)
84) 6) text: This is Gao. And this wild man is Li... Drew does the same for Li, Wu, Su, Sou and all the others them to stand with the girls for a moment. When everyone off, he motions to Ashema. DREW (CONT'D)
84) 11) text: Not now, Li... The hand comes in again, punching Drew in the shoulder ha Drew opens his eyes, and sees that he is surrounded by fi guys, dressed in dark clothes and with sunglasses on. DREW (CONT'D)
84) 14) dialog: DREW
84) 15) text: No, thanks. He turns back to Ashema, but she is pulled back by the gi away from danger. The tough spins Drew around and pushes him HARD. One of t has already gotten behind him, on his knees, and Drew goe over the tough, landing hard on the ground, the wind knoc him. Drew gets up, wincing, not really ready to fight. DREW (CONT'D)
84) 16) text: Can't we talk this over? The tough pulls his fist back to strike Drew, who has bee two other toughs, his arms pinned behind his back. Suddenly, a figure FLIES in and SLAMS the tough to the gr It is Gao, and he immediately sets on the other toughs. T ERUPTS in a melee as the disciples go at it with the vill The girls are SCREAMING as the boys kick and punch. The disciples are winning, having a great time, until the room SLAMS open and the HEADMISTRESS comes storming in, s the top of her lungs for them to stop.
88) 5) text: We broke every major rule the temple has, how could we get away with it? DREW
88) 8) text: I've lost my appetite. DREW
90) 3) text: Drew! Come with me to San De's chamber... He turns to go, but the others are on their feet, ready t Drew. D.S.
90) 4) text: Just Drew. Drew looks at them and shrugs, then follows the D.S.
91) 3) text: Drew, I think you know Headmistress Low. Correct? Drew can only nod. SAN DE (CONT'D)
91) 4) text: The police have also come. A morals violation is what brought them... Drew's head snaps up at the words "morals charge" POLICE LIEUTENANT
91) 6) text: He's a disgrace, to the temple and to this country. He must leave. They all agree that Drew should leave, and for a moment t the three of them agreeing fills the room (ad libs).
91) 7) dialog: Who is staring down into the abyss. SAN DE
91) 11) dialog: Who is surprised that the d.s. is sticking up for him. D.S.
91) 13) text: He does not belong here! DREW
91) 14) text: (whisper) Chill out, honey! Drew catches a hard look from the D.S. D.S.
91) 18) text: You will not have to. The Headmistress starts to say something, but San De hold hand, stopping her. He leads them out, then closes the do back to face Drew. DREW
91) 20) text: Neither will we. You must leave the temple in the morning. DREW
91) 22) text: You do not deserve to leave the country as a criminal, but you cannot stay. Drew sits for a moment, looking back and forth between Sa D.S. His eyes are filling with tears, and he wipes at the DREW (CONT'D)
91) 24) text: As am I. Drew gets up and walks out of the chamber.
93) 2) text: Why only you? Drew shrugs and goes over to his bed, lying down with a s LI
93) 4) text: It's not fair. DREW
95) 1) dialog: Walking through the courtyard, for the last time. Only a are around, and they don't meet Drew's eyes. The sounds of training can be heard O.S. Drew stops to li those sounds for a moment, then heads for the door.
96) 1) dialog: As he leaves the temple. He pauses for a moment with the then shuts it sadly. He looks out over the courtyard, whi completely deserted. Drew sighs, hitches his backpack ont and starts out. As he comes out of the doorway and into the courtyard pro sees...
96) 3) text: You're either with us or against us, remember? DREW
96) 4) text: (smiling) I'm with you! A cheer goes up from the entire group as Drew, Li and Gao the b.g. can be seen the D.S., who is observing all this.
97) 3) text: Quite a show of solidarity, yes? Drew nods, trying to hide a smile. He is trying his best humble. SAN DE (CONT'D)
97) 4) text: Why did you come to the Shaolin Temple? DREW
97) 6) text: Yet you rebel at every rule, and blame the training for your inability to learn and progress? No response from Drew, who is just looking down at the gr SAN DE (CONT'D)
97) 7) text: You are like someone swimming in fresh water crying "I thirst!". What you seek is all around you. Don't fight with the ways of the temple, the battle is within yourself. DREW
97) 9) text: You must accept the responsibility for your life. If we force you out of the temple, you can always blame the temple for your failure В­ it never has to be your fault. (beat) Life without committment is no life at all. DREW
97) 11) text: Live for the moment, Drew. The future will take care of itself. If you go through your days here, squeezing every last bit of life out of every minute, you need not fear failure. DREW
97) 13) text: Yes. Your fellow disciples stood up for you. It's your turn. DREW
98) 2) text: Are you staying? Drew waits for a moment, studying their hopeful faces. DREW
98) 3) text: Yeah, I'm staying. If only to keep you guys out of trouble! They walk off, and just as they round a corner, a BANG is one of the monks drops the heavy wooden lid of a storage Drew jumps, spinning around in the direction of the sound LI
98) 4) text: Drew! Are you allright? DREW
98) 5) text: Yeah, I'm just a little on edge, that's all. Ever since I got to the temple, some nut has been attacking me with a stick В­ at night, in the toilet... anywhere! It's drivin me crazy... Gao and Li look at each other, nodding. DREW (CONT'D)
98) 7) text: Every class of disciples, the one with the most potential is singled out for special training. We were wondering who it was... now, we know. DREW
98) 8) text: Special training? You mean...? Gao and Li nod, and Drew walks with them, shaking his hea
99) 3) text: Ashema, beautiful Ashema, I can't see you anymore. I will... miss you and remember you... always. Ashema closes her eyes against the tears there, and burie against Drew's shoulder. ASHEMA
99) 4) text: Are they making you do this? She wants to hear that they are, even if it's not true. S hear it. Drew pulls her head away from his shoulder, looking into would be so easy not to take the blame for hurting her li DREW
103) 3) dialog: As he goes through a thicket of bamboo. as he gets to the is attacked! The staff comes out, but Drew manages to blo one of the buckets. The staff strikes again, and Drew blo third time, and Drew raises both buckets over his head to and drenches himself with the water. Then, the staff hits stomach. His attacker has vanished, leaving Drew alternately moani pain, and chuckling at himself in the bamboo.
106) 5) text: Grab his arms and try to pull him out of his stance. Drew and Gao shrug at each other and take an arm. They pu straining and groaning, but there is no movement from the It is like he is a heavy stone. They give up, and the D.S. bows to the old monk. D.S. (CONT'D)
107) 2) text: Drew is on the ground, trying to do a kip. He is coming u is crashing back down onto his spine. The D.S. comes up t points at his chest. D.S.
107) 3) text: Try to hit me here with your feet. DREW
107) 4) text: With pleasure. Drew tries another kip, pushing his feet towards the D.S. lands on his feet easily, surprised.
110) 2) text: Allright! I did it! As soon as he finishes saying that, the staff comes out a in the stomach, sending Drew to his knees in pain.
117) 2) dialog: Who goes long for a pass, which Gao lets fly. It is immediately obvious that it is way too long.
117) 4) dialog: Who stops running and sees san de. the ball is going towa
117) 8) dialog: Expecting the worst.
117) 10) text: Go long. Drew pauses for a moment, not sure    what San De said, u motions with his left hand, like a    NFL quarterback, fo out. He takes off sprinting, with    Gao covering him lik San De throws the ball to him in a    perfect spiral, to Gao has no play on the throw, and    Drew catches it in s San De immediately returns to his meditation, while Drew others stand around dumbstruck.
118) 4) text: Are you crazy? You almost got kicked out once over that kind of thing... Drew smiles slightly. DREW
118) 5) text: I left that girl at the stream. Are you two still carrying her? He turns and walks away, leaving Li and Gao to puzzle tha As he walks away, San De comes out from behind a pillar w been sweeping, smiling and nodding his head at Drew's ans
119) 8) dialog: Who stands up, mad. DREW
119) 9) text: That's it! You're dead meat! He comes at Gao, and they start fighting again, throwing acrobatic kicks and techniques. A gong sounds, O.S., and Gao and Drew stop, bow to each o then embrace, smiling. DREW (CONT'D)
119) 11) text: I had you... Drew moves off to the side to get a drink of water, and t As he rubs his neck, D.S. comes up to him. D.S.
119) 12) text: San De wants to see you, in his chambers. Drew raises his eyebrows, then looks over at Gao and Li. his towel and snaps Gao with it as he walks by. DREW
120) 2) text: You are to deliver this scroll to the Arhat living on the Jade Mountain. This is your quest. The scroll that is in this box is more precious than life. Guard it well. DREW
120) 5) text: This map will lead you to the Jade Mountain. Let nothing deter from safeguarding the sacred scroll. You leave first thing tomorrow morning. (beat) You must return within three day... or don't bother to return at all. San De stands and bows to Drew. Drew returns the bow, tak and the box, then leaves the chamber.
122) 1) dialog: Walking strong. the sun is high in the sky, and the scene incredibly beautiful (Guilin?).
123) 3) text: OK, boys, just let me get my glass and... Drew, not looking for trouble, bends down to pick up the the leader kicks him in the rear end, sending him pitchin ground. Drew rolls to a standing position, and the five m him. A crowd is now starting to form, eager to watch how the m this situation. The thugs come after Drew, and the leader throws a roundh hitting Drew square in the jaw. They continue to attack, tries to avoid getting hit. Drew catches a haymaker, and drops, and the thugs laugh, kick him a couple of times, a dust and dirt onto him. Drew doesn't get up. They soon tire of the sport and move on, the crowd starin pity. DREW (CONT'D) (to himself)
125) 1) dialog: As he climbs the side of a mountain.
127) 3) text: Why not? DREW
127) 5) text: No one will know... DREW
127) 6) text: I'll know! Throw me my clothes, please. Pouting, the woman takes Drew's pants and tosses them to they land (purposely) about 5 feet away from the lake edg DREW (CONT'D)
127) 8) dialog: Who realizes he is going to have to get out of the water cover. He gets up and hurries to where his pants are. He put them on, and the woman is all over him, trying to sed He takes her hands in his and forces her to look him in t DREW (CONT'D)
127) 9) text: Despite the fact that this is every teenage boy's dream come true, I can't! He lowers her hands, and her head drops, pouting. DREW (CONT'D)
128) 5) text: You have 10 minutes to be back on the bus. The wave of tourists passes Drew, and he stands there loo them. Then, as a group, they realize that they just passe and turn back to Drew. TOURIST 1
128) 6) text: A real live monk! Somebody, take my picture! The tourist runs up to where Drew is and stands next to h cameras click and whirr, and Drew is thoroughly embarrass first pictures are over, and someone else wants to stand he raises his hands up to his face and bows. DREW
128) 8) text: Monks don't like to be bothered, they are from a different world. DREW
129) 2) dialog: As he enters the waterfall. The water hits his back, almo him into the abyss. Drew concentrates and moves forward, surely. He emerges on the other side, only to be confronted by a Jutting out of the swamp are rocks and tree stumps. Drew examines the distance between the objects, realizing jump from place to place and make it across. DREW
129) 3) text: Just like at the temple... He starts out, jumping onto the first stone, then moving others. He almost falls a couple of times, but regains hi He gets a rythm going, and is soon almost halfway across. He gets to one particular rock, only to find out that it' of an alligator! Its mouth opens to bite him! Drew jumps off it quickly, onto a tree stump. When he lan stump, he examines it carefully to make sure it isn't som He continues across, more careful this time.
130) 2) dialog: As he comes up onto a rope bridge over a deep gorge, the arhat. Drew smiles, stashes the map and starts across the bridge, hand over hand. He looks down once, at the DROP, himself to look straight ahead. He just starts across when the rope bends and jumps. Drew around to see a man RIGHT BEHIND HIM. DREW
130) 3) text: Is this rope strong enough for both of us? No answer from the man, who is now pushing Drew to go fas inching up closer to him, and occassionally kicking him t quicker. DREW (CONT'D)
130) 6) dialog: Who sees that and is hurrying. The rope is fraying more, and when Drew is almost there, snaps and they both go swinging into the side of the moun
130) 7) dialog: Who slams into the wall hard. when he hits, the scroll PO his pocket and goes up in the air. Drew, groggy from the impact, manages to lash out and PIN to the cliff wall with the BACK of his hand.
130) 9) dialog: Who doesn't know what to do. If he tries to save the scro might fall. If he goes for the man, the box will certainl
130) 11) text: Hold on... Drew hears the headmaster's voice. SAN DE (O.S.)
130) 12) text: The scroll that is in this box is more precious than life. Guard it well. He looks down at the man, who is about to lose it. DREW
130) 13) text: What the heck... Drew reaches down for the man's hand, letting the box fal Their hands meet, and Drew pulls him up.
135) 3) text: Master! I apologize, I did not see you. The Arhat says nothing, but just puts out his hand for th Drew bows again, and gets down on his knees. DREW (CONT'D)
135) 4) text: I failed, Master. A person was in danger... The Arhat holds up his hand, and Drew stops talking. DREW (CONT'D)
135) 5) text: Of course, you're right. No excuses... Drew bows once more and is ready to leave. The Arhat reac robes and pulls out the embroidered box that Drew was giv temple. DREW (CONT'D)
135) 6) text: You have it? How? The Arhat holds up the box in front of Drew for a moment, it in two with his hands, scattering the pieces to the wi DREW (CONT'D)
135) 7) text: So, I didn't fail, huh? (beat) I can ask my question, then? The Arhat sits without moving or speaking. Drew takes tha DREW (CONT'D)
135) 9) text: What is life? What is reality? The head of a dead cat. He walks off, leaving Drew sitting there, dumbstruck by t DREW
135) 11) text: For forty years, Shaolin disciples have made their quest to deliver a scroll to me. You are not Chinese. DREW
135) 13) text: I notice the littlest details. DREW
135) 15) text: A handful. You chose correctly. Nothing is more precious than human life. DREW
135) 17) text: (smiling slightly) At the beginning of your training, you were to obey without question. Now, as you become a Shaolin, you must learn to question everything, and obey yourself. Drew and the monk bow to each other, the sunset over the the b.g.
136) 4) text: The bus. Drew laughs at the crazy reply and starts for the mountai brought him to the hut. The Arhat runs after him, grabs h and pulls him over to a place behind his hut.
136) 6) text: Bus stops every 20 min., will take you straight to the temple. Drew smiles and shakes his head, then bows to the Arhat. The Arhat returns the bow. DREW
136) 8) text: They should give you a bus schedule with that map... He walks off to the hut, while Drew makes his way down to stop.
137) 2) dialog: Smiling as he realizes that it was all a test В­ every mo
138) 3) dialog: Manipulating the spear like a master.
138) 4) dialog: Up on the poles again. Only this time, squared off agains They move from pole to pole, throwing kicks and punches a other.
139) 6) text: Different shots of the monks tearing the building apart w and punches. Shots of Drew, Gao and Li kicking through wa doors, through windows, etc. Some the three of them destr others are seperate. Several shots of disciples as they c on particularly difficult things, using their chi, smashi bricks and wood apart. They are destroying the building, having a GREAT TIME! (NOTE: Great place for HOT song over this scene)
142) 6) text: Disciple Drew Carson, as you will return to America, and never intended to live as a monk in the temple, you need not enter the chamber.
142) 7) dialog: Who rises to the challenge. DREW
142) 8) text: Master San De, I am part of the disciple class, am I not? San De nods. DREW (CONT'D)
142) 11) dialog: In front of the entrance to the Wooden Man Chamber. San D are flanking Drew as he pauses in front of the door. Drew look at San De, and the D.S. smacks Drew in the back of t DREW (CONT'D)
142) 13) text: My last chance В­ when you come out the other side, we will be equals. Drew smiles at the D.S.'s attempt to lighten him up. He t at the others from his disciple class, then opens the doo through.
143) 6) dialog: Who gathers himself, straightens up and takes a deep brea it out in a breathing exercise. DREW (CONT'D)
143) 7) text: I am a Shaolin monk. He enters the chamber again, and the attacks start again. Drew, however, is prepared (both mentally and physically) He blocks, avoids, rolls, jumps and redirects the attacks making his way across. He is about halfway across when an especially fierce and comes crashing towards him. Drew, caught a little off gua adjusts and manages to jump and spin out of the way. Suddenly, as he turns and tries to get his breath, two hu spears are streaking towards him. Drew blocks the SPEARS arms, misdirecting them into the wall behind him. They THWOCK into the wall, sticking there. As he rounds a particularly difficult series of statues, ARROWS comes HURTLING towards him. Drew blocks some, avoi and catches one in each hand. He throws them down and con He goes past the few remaining statues, and is out of the Chamber. All that is left is to walk down a little hallwa the door. Drew looks behind him, then starts to walk. He goes cauti expecting a trap or a trick. Nothing happens. He gets to the door and looks for a handle on the door. H handhold near the top of the door, and pulls it with his Immediately, his hands is locked in and a panel in the ce right onto his arm, forcing it down. Drew fights back wit muscles, the veins popping out in his arms and neck. Behind him, a statue has started coming towards him, spin dervish. Its fists and legs are extended, and they are de The panel drops lower and lower.
143) 9) dialog: As he relaxes his face, and forcibly relaxes his arm and letting his inner energy take over.
143) 11) dialog: Holding up the heavy stone panel with his arm, his face a completely relaxed. The panel goes back up into the ceiling, and the door ope The whirling statue slows, and then stops altogether. Dre with a hook kick and taps it in the face. DREW (CONT'D)
143) 12) text: Not this time. Drew quickly walks through the door.
146) 8) dialog: Who sees him leave. He excuses himself from his group.
147) 2) text: Congratulations. DREW
147) 5) text: Do you remember the story you heard about the monk who would not leave? DREW
147) 8) dialog: Who digests this. He smiles a little. SAN DE (CONT'D)
147) 9) text: I would like to ask a favor. DREW
147) 11) text: Before you leave for American, can you help at an international tournament in Beijing? The Shaolin temple has an entry, and he will be fighting men from all over the world В­ I'd like you to be there. DREW
147) 13) text: Now, a friend would like to see you. (beat) ... alone. From out of the bamboo grove comes Ashema, her hands in f and her head down. She is not sure Drew wants to see her. Drew looks at her, then back to San De, but he is already are alone. Drew walks to her, takes her chin in his hand and tilts i at her face. Her eyes are full of love and tenderness, an fear. Drew kisses that fear away.
149) 5) text: The fight has not yet started. DREW
149) 7) text: Who could know? He fights the winner of the Western countries, which is why I wanted you here. DREW
149) 10) dialog: Who is stunned.
149) 13) text: Carson! Drew Carson! I can't believe it! I come half way around the world, and run into you! I heard you left the city, but I didn't know losing to me drove you into being a monk! Drew is dumbstruck, and Trevor takes advantage of it. TREVOR (CONT'D) (to San De)
149) 14) text: He take a vow of silence too? Nice hair, Drew. (he looks at Ashema)
149) 16) text: Wish me luck, huh? He walks off, and Drew, who still hasn't said a word, sta him. All of the monks are looking at Drew with questionin everyone that is except for San De.
149) 21) text: I want HIM! He points right at Drew. TREVOR (CONT'D)
149) 22) text: I want to face the American who is now a Shaolin monk! I want to learn at the hands of a master! The crowd, who has seen Drew and heard about him for quit warms to the prospect. They start cheering for the Americ to face Trevor. TREVOR (CONT'D)
149) 24) dialog: Who doesn't know what to do. San De appears and puts a co hand on his shoulder.
149) 26) dialog: Who climbs the ropes and goes into the ring. The crowd is crazy, eager to see the match. Drew, oblivious to the cro over to Trevor. DREW
149) 28) text: So, let's see what you've learned. DREW (shaking his head)
149) 30) text: Bull! You're just chicken! DREW
149) 34) text: COME BACK HERE! You can't just walk away! Drew steps out of the ring and walks over to where San De standing. They bow, and the pride is shining in San De's SAN DE
149) 38) dialog: His face calm. DREW
149) 46) text: How about you, baldy? Or you? He is pointing at Li and Gao and the others, who are itch into the ring. Gao goes over to San De, and shoots a ques at Drew. GAO
149) 47) text: Master, the American is insulting the Temple, and the fighting monks. SAN DE (looking at drew)
149) 49) text: Someone should face him in combat. For the tradition of the temple. San De looks at Drew long and hard. SAN DE
149) 51) dialog: Who understands the implication of what he is saying. He smile slowly. SAN DE (CONT'D)
149) 52) text: It's your call. Drew nods, then turns to face the ring, where Trevor is s standing, trying to get someone to fight him. Drew walks with Gao back to the side of the ring. He turn Li and together they high-five. DREW
149) 53) text: For the temple... Drew climbs into the ring. The crowd is going crazy. Trevor has a predator's grin on he sits down in his corner to get ready to start the matc Immediately, his contingent of people start to work on hi drinks, etc.
149) 54) dialog: Who sits alone in the other corner.
149) 58) text: Remember last time, punk? DREW
149) 59) text: Nothing exists but the moment, and... (beat) ... I'm going to enjoy it. They back up, and the fight begins. Trevor attacks hard, but Drew avoids easily, using all so He continues to attack, throwing flashy technique after f technique, but he can't touch Drew. TREVOR
149) 60) text: Stay still, dammit! Stand and fight! And he dances out of the way. Trevor is getting more and Soon, Drew tires of this game and decides to end this goes after Trevor, and it is immediately obvious that completely outclassed. Drew scores on Trevor at will, Trevor totally confused and helpless with a mixture of takedowns, flips and punches. Trevor drops to one knee, his hands down at his side, not bothering to defend himself. Drew grabs Trevor by the front of his uniform and pulls b right hand in a fist. He is going to put him out with a g fashioned roundhouse punch.