34) 24) text: (under his breath) I'll be damned! The DISCIPLE next to him, GAO, pokes him sharply in the r GAO
34) 31) text: You got a problem, man? GAO
34) 35) text: Great, just great. They are motioned to follow Gao out of the courtyard and temple proper.
35) 4) text: It is unseemly to argue like this. Take the backpack into the sleeping quarters. (to Drew) Do not cling to material things В­ it is not good for you soul. He walks away, and Drew reluctantly gives up his backpack Drew lines back up, and is about to get his robes, when G over and takes them from him. Drew immediately shoves him to grab the robes back. Gao smiles and moves away, holdin up and away from Drew. Drew is pissed and ready to go after Gao. Before he can, another disciple, grabs another set of robes from the tab it to Drew, pulling him away from the confrontation. DREW (CONT'D)
35) 6) text: Watch out for Gao. He's trouble. DREW
38) 4) text: Why? GAO (CONT'D)
38) 6) text: We are no longer Chinese or Americans, Han or Mongol. We are Shaolin. Everyone is a monk. GAO (CONT'D)
38) 8) text: I will switch with Disciple Gao. D.S. nods, and then starts for the door. D.S.
38) 9) text: Go to sleep. No talking! We have an early day of training tomorrow. Gao collects his stuff and starts off to the new bed, hit with his shoulder. Drew trips him as he walks away, all d secretively since the D.S. is watching. DREW
38) 15) text: Amazing. I'll tell you about... GAO
38) 22) dialog: Who seems to be sleeping peacefully.
42) 23) text: "16 tons" The monks are singing along with him. All except for Gao.
42) 31) text: I'm gonna get you, man. Oh, yeah... Gao is laughing as he watches Drew go.
45) 3) dialog: Who is working at the other end. He starts across the sam They come to the middle: a stand off. GAO
45) 5) text: No chance, Gao. You back up. Gao smiles and shakes   his head. Gao starts forward, and in the leg with a leg   sweep. Drew tries to keep his bal fights a valient, but   losing battle. He falls over the in his buckets flying   everywhere. Gao wipes his hands o continues walking.
45) 13) text: Poor guy. GAO
48) 4) text: Oh, man! You guys actually use this as fertilizer? That's disgusting! They turn to go back, and there is Gao, balancing a huge night soil over his head, peasant-style. He is on the sam they are going to walk on. DREW (CONT'D)
48) 5) text: Hi, Gao. How you doing? GAO
48) 6) text: (a little worried) Let me pass. He reaches down and plucks a stick out of the earth at hi then closes on Gao a little bit. DREW (CONT'D)
48) 7) text: There's something on the bottom of your basket. Drew pokes at the basket for a moment, right over Gao's h he JAMS the stick in, and holds it there. DREW (CONT'D)
48) 8) text: Oops! I think I found the problem. (beat) A hole. Drew pulls the stick out and watches as the night soil ca onto Gao's head. They back away as Gao goes running towar where the night soil is deposited. DREW (CONT'D)
52) 3) dialog: The smug smile gone now.
55) 6) text: We have to stand up for our rights! If they don't even know we're dissatisfied, things will never change. GAO
55) 9) text: I'm with you! The others are with him too, except for Gao. They are rea explode, and Drew has the match. DREW
55) 10) text: I'm for going to the Headmaster right now! They are all ready. They head for the door, but Gao doesn Drew stops at the door and turns to Gao. DREW (CONT'D)
55) 11) text: You're either with us, Gao, or you're against us. No answer from Gao. They exit the room.
58) 2) text: Gentlemen, this calls for a party! He runs to his backpack and pulls out a boom box with spe puts on some good old American Rock 'N' Roll. Everyone, but Gao, is moving in time with the music. Drew accomplished dancer, but the others are pretty bad. The entire effect of the bald-headed monks rocking out is Drew starts showing Li and Wu a couple of dance routines the swim, the twist, etc.). Everyone is having a great ti
58) 3) dialog: Glowering, as he moves toward the boom box. He reaches for the "Stop" button. Drew blocks the arm, and a pushing and shoving match star GAO
58) 5) text: I'm just trying to have a party. Chill out! They push and shove into the middle of the room, a couple and punches thrown, then they face off, ready to duke it The party is raging, while Gao and Drew are the only ones to do battle. Just then, the door starts to open. Everyone freezes and the door, including Gao. Drew, meanwhile, has the presenc jump onto the boom box, shutting it off and hiding it wit
58) 8) text: Go to sleep. Lights out. He hits the lights and then closes the door. In the semi- room relaxes in a collective sigh. Drew stands up and pac stereo. Gao walks over past Drew. GAO
61) 4) text: Do it this way. You won't get hit. Drew bows and turns to continue working with Li. By this however, the ranks have shifted, and Gao is opposite Drew Drew attacks first in the series, and Gao uses the block deflect Drew's kick. GAO
61) 5) text: (menacingly) My turn. He attacks, and Drew gets to the final technique. He bloc he did before, and he gets slammed brutally by Gao. Gao stands over him, smiling.
62) 2) text: A monk is alternately falling down and kipping up, fallin kipping up. Drew's group is working on several very athletic maneuver which Drew is especially good at. Gao, of course, is havi trouble. Drew tries a flying move and falls into a heap on the gro very angry, and he hits the ground with his fist. MONK
63) 6) text: If you are scared, I'll get someone else. Perhaps Gao would assist me...
63) 7) dialog: Who is already getting up, ready and willing. This changes Drew's mind right away. ANGLE ON DREW AND D.S. DREW
63) 13) text: I'm not sure I got that last throw clear in my mind. The group gasps, knowing how much Drew must be hurting, a for his guts. Even Gao is impressed. D.S.
64) 4) text: I appreciate your concern, Li, but it's not that serious. I'm all right. Just as he is talking, Gao comes to the window with a pan water (from washing the floor of the dorm).
65) 6) text: Next... Each of them try it in turn. Everyone fails. Gao goes in, and he manages to stand under the impact of for a moment, before he too succumbs and goes down into t
66) 2) text: In this exercise, you try to touch your partner's chest lightly, and your partner tries to block. The group gets started doing the drill, and Gao is almost Drew's chest in with his blows. He is so close to Drew th doesn't have a chance to block it. On the last strike, Dr back to the ground. The D.S. is there immediately. D.S.
66) 4) text: Switch! Now it's Drew's turn to strike, and he tries to hit Gao w amount of force as he did, but Gao avoids his attack, thr off balance. He throws another punch out, and Gao grabs i Drew falls to the floor again. A monk who was watching wa MONK
76) 11) text: (trying to sound like an expert) That's easy. You just talk to them like you would to the guys В­ you just don't tell them as much, and... not in the same way... Drew is in over his head. GAO
78) 2) text: I thought this was light contact! GAO
78) 3) text: Fight, you coward! Drew stares at Gao, then looks around for the D.S. He is other side of the training area. DREW
78) 4) text: You got it. Before he can move, however, Gao attacks, slamming him fu the face. Drew almost falls to the ground, then attacks h battle is joined. The fighting is fast and furious, and soon the others see happening, and gather around. One of the monks comes over to break it up, but they continue fighting, wrestling, ki punching. The D.S. finally gets over to them, and without moving a barks В­ D.S.
78) 5) text: Stop! Drew and Gao immediately break apart, breathing heavy and daggers at each other. D.S. (to others)
78) 6) text: Back to work. He turns and walks off, motioning for Drew and Gao to fol Drew follows immediately, with Gao behind him. Gao shoves
79) 4) text: Tell me what happened. Drew looks at Gao, and Gao looks at Drew. There is a paus is very uncomfortable. Finally, Drew speaks. DREW
79) 6) dialog: Surprised at Drew's confession. DREW (CONT'D)
79) 7) text: Disciple Gao was better than me. Drew pauses, and Gao is even more surprised at the revela DREW (CONT'D)
79) 10) text: Is this true, Disciple Gao? Gao looks at Drew, wondering what he should say. Drew loo nodding for him to say yes. GAO
79) 14) text: Shake hands and let your emotions go. Gao looks at Drew, knowing that the anger is already long away in the shock of Drew taking the blame. They shake hands. Both Drew and Gao notice the Golden Sash hanging on the w occupying a place of honor. SAN DE (CONT'D)
79) 17) text: Among other things. Fighting is only a small part of being a Shaolin monk. GAO
79) 19) text: Return to your training. Drew and Gao get up, bow to San De and head for the door. They get to the door at the same time, however, and for a jockey for position, trying to be the first one through t Finally, Drew tires of the game and opens the door for Ga DREW
79) 20) text: Ten more seconds and I would have kicked your ass... Gao smiles and walks through the door. Just as he passes punches him in the stomach.
79) 21) dialog: In your dreams...
80) 4) dialog: I'm coming, just to keep you out of trouble!
81) 3) dialog: (whisper) Drunken Kung Fu... Drew nods and leads them out of the temple.
84) 4) text: Play this when I signal, OK? She nods and walks off. Drew motions for Gao and the guys over. They do, and when they do, Drew turns to the giggle DREW (CONT'D)
84) 5) text: Ladies, allow me to introduce my best friends in all of China... He drags Gao over to one of the prettier girls. DREW (CONT'D)
84) 6) text: This is Gao. And this wild man is Li... Drew does the same for Li, Wu, Su, Sou and all the others them to stand with the girls for a moment. When everyone off, he motions to Ashema. DREW (CONT'D)
84) 16) text: Can't we talk this over? The tough pulls his fist back to strike Drew, who has bee two other toughs, his arms pinned behind his back. Suddenly, a figure FLIES in and SLAMS the tough to the gr It is Gao, and he immediately sets on the other toughs. T ERUPTS in a melee as the disciples go at it with the vill The girls are SCREAMING as the boys kick and punch. The disciples are winning, having a great time, until the room SLAMS open and the HEADMISTRESS comes storming in, s the top of her lungs for them to stop.
96) 4) text: (smiling) I'm with you! A cheer goes up from the entire group as Drew, Li and Gao the b.g. can be seen the D.S., who is observing all this.
98) 5) text: Yeah, I'm just a little on edge, that's all. Ever since I got to the temple, some nut has been attacking me with a stick В­ at night, in the toilet... anywhere! It's drivin me crazy... Gao and Li look at each other, nodding. DREW (CONT'D)
98) 6) text: What? Honest, it's happening! I... GAO
98) 8) text: Special training? You mean...? Gao and Li nod, and Drew walks with them, shaking his hea
106) 2) text: Using your muscles, bend my arm. Gao pulls down, while the D.S. tries to fight back with h but finally, after great strain, his arm bends. A cheer g the group. D.S. smiles and motions for an old monk standing near him place. the old man puts his arm up on Gao's shoulder, and deep breath. He does not tense up his arm and shoulder. Gao looks questioning at the D.S. GAO
106) 4) text: You will not. Gao starts to pull down, gently at first, but when he see old monk's arm is not bending, stronger, until finally he all his strength into it. The old monk's arm has not move expression of relaxation and piece has not changed. Gao quits, not able to bend the arm. D.S. motions for Dre the other side of the monk. D.S.
106) 5) text: Grab his arms and try to pull him out of his stance. Drew and Gao shrug at each other and take an arm. They pu straining and groaning, but there is no movement from the It is like he is a heavy stone. They give up, and the D.S. bows to the old monk. D.S. (CONT'D)
117) 10) text: Go long. Drew pauses for a moment, not sure    what San De said, u motions with his left hand, like a    NFL quarterback, fo out. He takes off sprinting, with    Gao covering him lik San De throws the ball to him in a    perfect spiral, to Gao has no play on the throw, and    Drew catches it in s San De immediately returns to his meditation, while Drew others stand around dumbstruck.
118) 5) text: I left that girl at the stream. Are you two still carrying her? He turns and walks away, leaving Li and Gao to puzzle tha As he walks away, San De comes out from behind a pillar w been sweeping, smiling and nodding his head at Drew's ans
119) 6) dialog: Who gives him a mean look. GAO
119) 9) text: That's it! You're dead meat! He comes at Gao, and they start fighting again, throwing acrobatic kicks and techniques. A gong sounds, O.S., and Gao and Drew stop, bow to each o then embrace, smiling. DREW (CONT'D)
119) 10) text: Saved by the bell... GAO
119) 12) text: San De wants to see you, in his chambers. Drew raises his eyebrows, then looks over at Gao and Li. his towel and snaps Gao with it as he walks by. DREW
139) 6) text: Different shots of the monks tearing the building apart w and punches. Shots of Drew, Gao and Li kicking through wa doors, through windows, etc. Some the three of them destr others are seperate. Several shots of disciples as they c on particularly difficult things, using their chi, smashi bricks and wood apart. They are destroying the building, having a GREAT TIME! (NOTE: Great place for HOT song over this scene)
149) 46) text: How about you, baldy? Or you? He is pointing at Li and Gao and the others, who are itch into the ring. Gao goes over to San De, and shoots a ques at Drew. GAO
149) 48) text: What should be done? GAO (CONT'D)
149) 52) text: It's your call. Drew nods, then turns to face the ring, where Trevor is s standing, trying to get someone to fight him. Drew walks with Gao back to the side of the ring. He turn Li and together they high-five. DREW
149) 56) dialog: Who pulls a drink from one of the men in the crowd, and r give it to Drew.