25) 3) text: Hello? Busy, huh? Still no answer. The man is just slamming his hand into t over and over. Drew sighs and walks on. He goes down a path, and floweri are on either side of him. He can see the "pagoda forest" distance. At the end of the path, a monk, SAN DE, is swee path. Drew walks up to the monk and bows. DREW (CONT'D)
29) 3) text: Do you hear me? Go away! Drew doesn't move. San De, the sweeping monk, walks out of the open door, a him carrying a suitcase. He walks past Drew, noticing him there. He walks on. The Admissions Monk slams the door, angry.
32) 3) text: You... You speak English? I'm sorry, I was just goofing... I apologize, master. I didn't mean to make fun of you... San De shrugs it off. Apology accepted. SAN DE
32) 5) text: I want to become a monk В­ they won't let me in... Hey, you're just a grunt, a janitor sweeping up and all, don't sweat it. It's not your problem... SAN DE
32) 7) text: I got the idea from a story about a monk who wouldn't leave. I thought... San De nods. SAN DE
32) 9) text: It was at first. I was uncomfortable, in pain, actually, but as time went on, I got... into it, I guess. The sacrifice made me feel... in control, you know what I mean? SAN DE
32) 12) text: It was an incredible experience В­ I said I'd do it, and did it. San De, watching Drew intently, smiles at this last. He s bows to Drew. Drew bows back, from his seated position. SAN DE
32) 14) text: Same to you. San De turns and goes into the temple, leaving Drew still the courtyard, the setting sun in the b.g.
34) 20) text: I mean, no, of course not. Then, another gong sounds, and the quizzing is concluded. A figure moves down a corridor in beautiful robes. Everyo down, their eyes on the floor, to the figure, who is movi the raised platform in the center. Drew, also bowed down, sneaks a peak at the figure. It is San De! San De catches his eye and smiles slightly. He winks at D clears his throat. Everyone stands up again. SAN DE
34) 22) text: Yes, without pause, Master San De.
34) 26) text: (holding his side) Oh, unbelievable, in the same place... SAN DE
34) 28) text: They are. SAN DE
34) 33) dialog: When the noise subsides. SAN DE
34) 34) text: Your training begins tomorrow. For now, your shr fu will introduce you to our temple. Welcome to Shaolin. San De walks away, and the disciples are split into sever "platoons". Drew is matched up with the Drill Sergeant, a also in his group. DREW
57) 2) text: Master San De! SAN DE
57) 4) text: We have something to say... SAN DE
57) 6) text: I request permission to go first. SAN DE
57) 8) text: No, really, I want to... San De holds up his hand. He is the final authority. SAN DE
57) 11) text: You've all performed    admirably, and have learned an important lesson В­ to    obey your shr fu without questi Because of this, I've    decided to begin your martial training sooner than    what is prescribed. Tomorrow morning. The disciples can hardly believe their luck. SAN DE (CONT'D)
64) 3) text: If you go to San De, he can send you to a doctor... Drew pulls away and stands up. He backs up to the wall of dormitory, right underneath a window. DREW
69) 3) dialog: He was an amazing monk...
69) 5) dialog: Come with me... San De walks away, and Drew follows him.
70) 2) text: Legend states that Bodhidharma gave us tea. Once, while meditating, Bodhidharma fell asleep, a natural reaction we all have to fight against. San De looks pointedly at Drew, who doesn't meet his eyes
70) 4) text: Impossible. SAN DE
70) 5) text: Nothing is impossible if your spirit is pure, and your will is strong. The tea is ready, and San De begins to pour for Drew. SAN DE (CONT'D)
70) 7) text: It's just not the way I was taught... San De keeps pouring into Drew's cup. It is getting to th De is not stopping. DREW (CONT'D)
70) 8) text: Master! Stop! No more will go in! San De continues pouring until the tea runs all over the SAN DE
70) 9) text: Exactly! You are like this cup, full of what you have learned. How can we show you Shaolin unless you first empty your cup? He picks up the cup and tosses the tea through an open wi pours into the empty cup. SAN DE (CONT'D)
79) 9) dialog: Who nods his head and looks at Drew. SAN DE
79) 11) text: Yes. But, I am not completely blameless... SAN DE
79) 14) text: Shake hands and let your emotions go. Gao looks at Drew, knowing that the anger is already long away in the shock of Drew taking the blame. They shake hands. Both Drew and Gao notice the Golden Sash hanging on the w occupying a place of honor. SAN DE (CONT'D)
79) 16) text: The best fighter? SAN DE
79) 18) text: Yours? San De nods. SAN DE
79) 19) text: Return to your training. Drew and Gao get up, bow to San De and head for the door. They get to the door at the same time, however, and for a jockey for position, trying to be the first one through t Finally, Drew tires of the game and opens the door for Ga DREW
90) 3) text: Drew! Come with me to San De's chamber... He turns to go, but the others are on their feet, ready t Drew. D.S.
91) 2) text: He's the one! SAN DE
91) 3) text: Drew, I think you know Headmistress Low. Correct? Drew can only nod. SAN DE (CONT'D)
91) 9) text: This involves more than just the temple. I am authorized to escort him from your temple to the jail now, tonight, where he will be held until he leaves the country. San De pauses, letting this sink in. The D.S. steps forwa D.S.
91) 10) text: Master, may I? (San De nods) We accepted a challenge when this disciple came into our ranks. If we force him to leave China, we admit failure. Can we do that? The police don't have an easy answer to that.
91) 15) text: Would you be so hard hearted as to turn him away from that which he so desperately needs? She is about to speak, but thinks better of it. San De stands up, signalling that the meeting is over. SAN DE
91) 17) text: I do not wish to visit you again with this kind of news. SAN DE
91) 18) text: You will not have to. The Headmistress starts to say something, but San De hold hand, stopping her. He leads them out, then closes the do back to face Drew. DREW
91) 19) text: Master, I can't tell you how sorry I am. I appreciate you both going to bat like that for me. I won't let it happen again. SAN DE
91) 23) text: I'm sorry, Master. SAN DE
97) 3) text: Quite a show of solidarity, yes? Drew nods, trying to hide a smile. He is trying his best humble. SAN DE (CONT'D)
97) 5) text: (caught off guard) To train, Master. SAN DE (CONT'D)
97) 6) text: Yet you rebel at every rule, and blame the training for your inability to learn and progress? No response from Drew, who is just looking down at the gr SAN DE (CONT'D)
97) 8) text: Within myself? SAN DE
97) 10) text: What if I can't handle it? What if I fail? SAN DE
97) 12) text: (after a beat) Then, it's up to me. SAN DE (CONT'D)
97) 14) text: I don't want to let them down. SAN DE
97) 15) text: Don't let yourself down. He bows to San De and then leaves the chamber.
117) 3) dialog: Who is walking along through the stupa, meditating as he
117) 5) dialog: The ball is heading right for his HEAD!
117) 7) dialog: Who at the last moment turns and catches the ball like a receiver. He holds the ball and looks right at Drew, a ve look on his face.
117) 9) dialog: His stern face now taking on a mischevious look. He hefts and puts his fingers on the laces. SAN DE
117) 10) text: Go long. Drew pauses for a moment, not sure    what San De said, u motions with his left hand, like a    NFL quarterback, fo out. He takes off sprinting, with    Gao covering him lik San De throws the ball to him in a    perfect spiral, to Gao has no play on the throw, and    Drew catches it in s San De immediately returns to his meditation, while Drew others stand around dumbstruck.
118) 5) text: I left that girl at the stream. Are you two still carrying her? He turns and walks away, leaving Li and Gao to puzzle tha As he walks away, San De comes out from behind a pillar w been sweeping, smiling and nodding his head at Drew's ans
119) 12) text: San De wants to see you, in his chambers. Drew raises his eyebrows, then looks over at Gao and Li. his towel and snaps Gao with it as he walks by. DREW
120) 3) text: I will, Master. SAN DE
120) 4) text: If you deliver this, you may ask this master, the most advanced monk of the Shaolin tradition, any question you wish, and he must answer it. San De takes out a map of the area. SAN DE (CONT'D)
120) 5) text: This map will lead you to the Jade Mountain. Let nothing deter from safeguarding the sacred scroll. You leave first thing tomorrow morning. (beat) You must return within three day... or don't bother to return at all. San De stands and bows to Drew. Drew returns the bow, tak and the box, then leaves the chamber.
130) 11) text: Hold on... Drew hears the headmaster's voice. SAN DE (O.S.)
142) 5) text: I warn you all, any monk who fails must leave the temple forever, and will NEVER be called Shaolin. San De pauses, letting this remark sink in. SAN DE (CONT'D)
142) 8) text: Master San De, I am part of the disciple class, am I not? San De nods. DREW (CONT'D)
142) 9) text: Then I must pass this final test. Furthermore, I request that I be the first one through. SAN DE
147) 1) dialog: Who is walking in the bamboo grove, his hands behind him. up to him and they bow. SAN DE
147) 4) text: You once asked why I came here, why did you let me in? SAN DE
147) 6) text: Yes. SAN DE
147) 10) text: Anything. SAN DE
147) 12) text: No problem. (he smiles) Without pause. SAN DE
147) 13) text: Now, a friend would like to see you. (beat) ... alone. From out of the bamboo grove comes Ashema, her hands in f and her head down. She is not sure Drew wants to see her. Drew looks at her, then back to San De, but he is already are alone. Drew walks to her, takes her chin in his hand and tilts i at her face. Her eyes are full of love and tenderness, an fear. Drew kisses that fear away.
149) 4) text: Are we late? SAN DE
149) 6) text: Did you think he would get into the finals? SAN DE
149) 11) dialog: Could he have known?
149) 13) text: Carson! Drew Carson! I can't believe it! I come half way around the world, and run into you! I heard you left the city, but I didn't know losing to me drove you into being a monk! Drew is dumbstruck, and Trevor takes advantage of it. TREVOR (CONT'D) (to San De)
149) 16) text: Wish me luck, huh? He walks off, and Drew, who still hasn't said a word, sta him. All of the monks are looking at Drew with questionin everyone that is except for San De.
149) 34) text: COME BACK HERE! You can't just walk away! Drew steps out of the ring and walks over to where San De standing. They bow, and the pride is shining in San De's SAN DE
149) 39) text: No, master. I will not fight for personal glory, or for my ego. SAN DE
149) 43) dialog: Who indicates trevor with a inclination of his head. SAN DE
149) 46) text: How about you, baldy? Or you? He is pointing at Li and Gao and the others, who are itch into the ring. Gao goes over to San De, and shoots a ques at Drew. GAO
149) 47) text: Master, the American is insulting the Temple, and the fighting monks. SAN DE (looking at drew)
149) 49) text: Someone should face him in combat. For the tradition of the temple. San De looks at Drew long and hard. SAN DE
150) 3) dialog: Who is not used to shows of affection. He is lost for a m his face softens and he returns Drew's embrace. They break and bow again, and San De moves off. Drew stan holding the Golden Sash, the rising sun of the first day of his life shining in the b.g.