6) 3) dialog: As he knocks out an opponent.
6) 5) dialog: Taunting a different opponent. Trevor executes a beautifu and puts the guy down and out.
6) 7) dialog: As he plays with the next fighter.
6) 8) dialog: They said you were good... ha! He knocks the guy out with a picture perfect kick. There denying that he's a superior fighter.
6) 9) dialog: Can't you get me any quality sparring partners? The next guy comes up, but before they can start, the psy DR. PFEELGUT, calls for "Time" and motions Trevor over.
7) 2) text: Ah, Master Kim. (to physiologist) I'll look at these stats later. Trevor indicates a seat near him, much lower than the one sitting in. The Korean master prefers to remain standing. TREVOR (CONT'D)
7) 4) text: (thick accent) You velly good fighter... TREVOR (CONT'D)
7) 6) text: A mountain lion doesn't ponder his weakness, and is therefore vulnerable. TREVOR
7) 8) text: Very good, sir. TREVOR
7) 9) text: Don't come here any more, you hear? Over a little more to the left, Sam. The masseur nods and adjusts his technique accordingly. TREVOR (CONT'D)
9) 4) dialog: Making his entrance. He is in a perfectly laundered and p and his assistant is carrying another suit pressed and re COMPETITOR
9) 5) text: Hey, Trevor! What's the 2nd uniform for? TREVOR
9) 8) dialog: As he wins a fight.
9) 10) dialog: Drew watching, as he wins again.
9) 13) text: Fighting for the Grand Championship: Trevor Gottitall and Drew Carson. 3 rounds, max point. Gentlemen, bow to the ref, to each other... The referee gives them a signal and the fight begins. Dre his own, but Trevor is scoring. After several flashy move is over. Score: 6 - 1. We see Trevor's cheerleaders cheering.
9) 20) dialog: As he is being interviewed by tv reporters. TREVOR
9) 21) text: I was never worried. He's no match for me. I just hope the 2nd place trophy is a belt! Crowd laughs, Trevor's entourage laughs the hardest.
149) 12) dialog: Who spots drew standing near the ring. He walks past him, place his face. Then, he comes back and walks right up to slaps him on the back. TREVOR
149) 13) text: Carson! Drew Carson! I can't believe it! I come half way around the world, and run into you! I heard you left the city, but I didn't know losing to me drove you into being a monk! Drew is dumbstruck, and Trevor takes advantage of it. TREVOR (CONT'D) (to San De)
149) 15) text: If he took a vow of chastity too, honey, you see me after this fight, 'Kay? He puts his arm around Ashema and lets his hand slide dow rear end. TREVOR (CONT'D)
149) 19) dialog: Who finishes the shaolin fighter off with a devestating t and then immediately plays to the crowd, RIGHT IN FRONT O THE OTHERS. The referee comes over to Trevor, and raises his fist up Trevor tears his arm away and SCREAMS TO THE CROWD: TREVOR (CONT'D)
149) 21) text: I want HIM! He points right at Drew. TREVOR (CONT'D)
149) 22) text: I want to face the American who is now a Shaolin monk! I want to learn at the hands of a master! The crowd, who has seen Drew and heard about him for quit warms to the prospect. They start cheering for the Americ to face Trevor. TREVOR (CONT'D)
149) 25) dialog: Pointing and yelling for Drew.
149) 27) text: I came to the Shaolin Temple because of you, Trevor. You humiliated me, and I wanted to make sure it could never happen again. TREVOR
149) 29) text: I've learned that... there's nothing to prove. Beating you is no longer important. It was my ego that had to be defeated, not you. TREVOR (CONT'D)
149) 31) text: The arts should never be about who is best В­ they are to important for that. He bows to Trevor and starts out of the ring.
149) 36) dialog: Who is seething. TREVOR
149) 41) dialog: TREVOR
149) 45) dialog: TREVOR
149) 52) text: It's your call. Drew nods, then turns to face the ring, where Trevor is s standing, trying to get someone to fight him. Drew walks with Gao back to the side of the ring. He turn Li and together they high-five. DREW
149) 53) text: For the temple... Drew climbs into the ring. The crowd is going crazy. Trevor has a predator's grin on he sits down in his corner to get ready to start the matc Immediately, his contingent of people start to work on hi drinks, etc.
149) 59) text: Nothing exists but the moment, and... (beat) ... I'm going to enjoy it. They back up, and the fight begins. Trevor attacks hard, but Drew avoids easily, using all so He continues to attack, throwing flashy technique after f technique, but he can't touch Drew. TREVOR
149) 60) text: Stay still, dammit! Stand and fight! And he dances out of the way. Trevor is getting more and Soon, Drew tires of this game and decides to end this goes after Trevor, and it is immediately obvious that completely outclassed. Drew scores on Trevor at will, Trevor totally confused and helpless with a mixture of takedowns, flips and punches. Trevor drops to one knee, his hands down at his side, not bothering to defend himself. Drew grabs Trevor by the front of his uniform and pulls b right hand in a fist. He is going to put him out with a g fashioned roundhouse punch.