16) 0) text: RACHEL BLOCH, 60s, frail, with a cane is standing in fron 40 casually dressed students - all backgrounds. DEBORAH i the side, mesmerized.
16) 1) dialog: I was fifteen years old when I arrived at Auschwitz. That’s why I was spared. I was young and strong. There was soot in the air. You could smell it. It smelled like nothing on earth. For a moment, she can’t go on. DEBORAH watches her. An im flashes suddenly into her head.
17) 0) text: DEBORAH gently touches Rachel’s arm and smiles encouragem Rachel gathers herself and continues.
17) 1) dialog: There were maybe 2000 people in the train from Theresienstadt. Only 30 of us were put to work, everyone else was killed. I had a job in the kitchens, so I spoke to fellow prisoners who saw what happened. Everyone was taken to a dressing room and ordered to undress. (MORE )
17) 3) dialog: There was a sign in the wall “Put shoes in cubbyholes and tie them together so you will not lose them. After your shower you will receive hot coffee.” Then they were gassed. It takes about three minutes to gas four hundred people. RACHEL stares out, picking out individual GIRLS.
17) 4) dialog: I was a young girl. Just as you are. And you. And you. The students are electrified. DEBORAH watches, intent.
18) 0) text: Later. The students have gone. The Mutt is asleep. Only DEBORAH and RACHEL are left. RACHEL sits in a chair.
18) 1) dialog: I don’t know. Sometimes I wonder if this is worth doing.
18) 3) dialog: Talking about it all.
18) 5) dialog: They listen, but they don’t see. Not really. They don’t see it. DEBORAH leans over her gets up and gives her a hug, kissi her gently on the top of her head. They hold on a moment.
18) 7) dialog: And when we’re gone?
52) 0) text: In her mind's eye, a great mass of women's feet staggerin down the steps that led to the undressing room. Glimpsed between the legs, a small girl’s terrified face - like a young RACHEL BLOCH. No longer than a second or two. Then 69 70 71 Full Blue Script // December 4th 2015 46.