3) 2) text: --I can get you the shoulder-fired SA-7 surface-to-air missiles.  The older Chinese model.  Not so effective against modern military aircraft but deadly if used against a commercial airliner.  I'm giving them away at eight-fifty. Yuri notices that his vendor's attention has wandered to older gentleman, SIMEON ZAHAROFF, surrounded by eager VEN nationalities.  The Asian man joins the enthusiastic thro
3) 8) dialog: May I help you?
3) 10) dialog: You're in the wrong place my young friend. This is no place for amateurs. Simeon walks away without another word.  Vitaly shrugs. fumes.
3) 12) text: Yob tvayu mat.  (Subtitled - Motherfucker.) Yuri watches Simeon go, surrounded by flunkies.
5) 84) dialog: Do you know who the fuck I am?
5) 87) dialog: I demand to see your commanding officer.
5) 89) dialog: Just give me back my papers.
5) 91) text: What papers? The Officer turns on his heel and returns to his guard st the passport, starts watching TV.  The Bodyguards make to the Soldiers close ranks, barring their path. Simeon fumes.
5) 93) text: I invited you for a drink once before. Perhaps now you will accept my invitation. INT.  ODESSA HOTEL BAR.  NIGHT. YURI and SIMEON sit at a table near the back of the bar. the BARMAID delivering drinks and a shellfish appetizer.
5) 98) dialog: I am here, aren't I?
5) 100) text: You've gotten so rich selling for the CIA, you can't get that ideology completely out of your head.  The empire was evil for too long. Simeon shrugs.
5) 101) dialog: I can't deny, it takes some getting used to. Last week we were trying to beat their brains in and now we're going into business together.
5) 103) text: Of course, you're not a true internationalist until you've supplied weapons to kill your own countrymen. Simeon regards the young man with a mixture of fear and a himself another drink.
5) 104) dialog: I understand you have Ukraine in your pocket but there are the other satellite states. Bulgaria, Hungary, Poland, Belarus.  Instead of cutting each other's throats, it may be more profitable to work together.  What do you think? Yuri smiles - the proposal is the victory he has been see
5) 106) text: I am the same man who was not good enough for you before.  I am not good enough for you now. Simeon blanches.  Yuri gets up. Simeon holds his rival's arm.
5) 107) dialog: The problem with gunrunners going to war is there's no shortage of ammunition. Yuri departs. INT.  HOTEL ROOM - ODESSA HOTEL.  NIGHT. YURI and the BARMAID never make it to the bed.  Still clo each other against the door of his hotel room.
5) 176) text: What an asshole. Yuri looks to the boy, askance - a Yuri in the making. EXT.  ODESSA HARBOR.  DAY. YURI supervises the loading of the cargo onto a freighter the empty trucks, he is just in time to see SIMEON and hi climb into their car, parked beside his own car, some dis As he drives off, Simeon and Yuri make brief eye-contact. Yuri looks for DMITRI, exiting a nearby restroom - carryi flask as usual, the worse for drink.
6) 227) text: We're pulling out.  It's too dangerous. It's a shame.  We were really doing some good things. Yuri nods in understanding. INT.  HOTEL AFRICA - YURI'S HOTEL ROOM.  NIGHT. A weary YURI enters his room.  Sitting on the green sofa gagged, face reduced to pulp, silver hair matted with blo SIMEON.
6) 244) text: Say, "stop". Yuri opens his mouth but no word comes.  Andre presses Yu onto the trigger. The gun goes off.  A splash of blood across the sofa's gr upholstery. The gunshot echoes around the room.  Simeon is very dead.
6) 287) text: Simeon!! Yuri pokes his head through the hole but Simeon has vanis turns back to find himself trapped by TWO MEN in flip-flo Gap T-shirts and AK-47's. Through Yuri's eyes the two men look like four.  The two/ through Yuri's pockets, take his watch, shoes. Yuri is oddly compliant - clumsily helping one of the thi the watch. One of the men, tired of Yuri's antics, aims his gun at Y His colleague stops him.