1) 6) text: Shortages?  What shortages? Irina shakes her head in amazement. INT.  APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM.  DAY. While a parade of weapons in Red Square plays silently on controlled TV, father ANATOLY and Military Cadet older br VITALY, shoulder bandaged, sit at a tiny table, drinking and listening intently to an illegal shortwave radio - co for antenna.
1) 13) dialog: (reaching for a banana)
1) 19) dialog: (scoffing)
2) 4) text: Who are you?  You're not my son.  My son doesn't own such a suit. Yuri flashes his killer smile in response. Out of their sight, he slips a hundred dollar bill into t register and breezes into the kitchen. INT.  "THE CRIMEAN" RESTAURANT - KITCHEN.  DAY. VITALY, now chef in the family business, prepares a Russi in a kitchen unlikely to pass a health inspection. YURI tastes the food, pretends to gag, spits it out in th Vitaly affectionately cuffs his older brother - the joke obviously a familiar ritual. Yuri takes his brother to the kitchen's rear door. EXT.  "THE CRIMEAN" RESTAURANT.  DAY. At the back of the restaurant, YURI and VITALY sit on the amongst the garbage cans.
2) 6) text: Arms dealers - because everybody else is too busy killing each other. YURI plonks a glossy arms brochure in front of Vitaly.  H the contents.
2) 7) dialog: (regarding his brother)
2) 10) dialog: And you want to help with that?
2) 12) text: It's a basic human need - we eat, sleep, sleep with each other and what else?  Fight. The oldest human skeletons have spearheads in their rib cages. Vitaly is still skeptical.
2) 13) dialog: What do you know about guns?
2) 17) dialog: (hesitant)
2) 20) text: Vitaly, I've tasted your borscht, you're no fucking chef.  I can eat here for free and I still don't eat here.  You're doing nothing with your life.
2) 21) dialog: Maybe doing nothing's better than doing this. (referring to an image of a gun)
2) 24) text: Brothers in arms. Vitaly smiles, looks sold. EXT.  ISRAEL CENTRAL TEMPLE - BRIGHTON BEACH.  DAY. ANATOLY makes his way to the synagogue.  YURI, hastily ad yarmulke, falls into step.
3) 0) text: A platoon of attractive YOUNG WOMEN in camouflage mini-dr the latest sniper rifles and grenade launchers. An ASIAN BUSINESSMAN pitches hardware to YURI.  VITALY is interested in the girls.
3) 6) dialog: (stepping between the bodyguard and Yuri)
4) 2) dialog: Boh...Boh.  Oh, Boh! (Subtitle:  God...God. Oh, God!) Yuri smiles at Vitaly's cries.  Something catches Yuri's
4) 13) dialog: What do we do, go more legitimate?
4) 15) dialog: What I'd give right now for a plate of red cabbage and potatoes. The wall explodes with gunfire. Yuri and Vitaly drop to the ground, money flying. The machine gun fire subsides, a shower of dust, fragment and hundred dollar bills still floating to the ground. Vitaly, first to recover, draws his own handgun, sneaks a through a shell hole. On the other side of the wall, a firing squad of MILITIAM executed one group of MEN, lying contorted, slumped again wall.  Their bound hands and feet give the bodies a macab awkwardness. Yuri is scrabbling in the dust for the cash. The Militiamen prepare to execute another six men.  Men? on one HANDSOME YOUNG LEBANESE BOY, barely in his teens. Vitaly, gun poised, goes to intervene.  A HAND, stuffed w stops him.  Yuri. The brothers' eyes meet.
4) 17) text: It's not our fight. Vitaly's eyes well with tears. After one look back to the teenage boy, Vitaly reluctantl - running with Yuri, heads down, away from the scene. As they run, the wall explodes again with gunfire.
4) 25) text: Make sure you thaw out the guns before you fight. Yuri nods, takes another hit of oxygen. EXT.  BORDER TOWN - CONGO.  DAY. The town is deserted.  YURI and VITALY are confused as th to unload an arms consignment from a truck.
4) 39) dialog: (referring to the truck)
4) 42) text: At least when they say they're going to have a war, they keep their word. EXT.  NORTHERN AFGHANISTAN.  DAY. YURI and VITALY stand at a checkpoint in the rugged mount ammunition are strapped to donkeys tended by MUJAHIDEEN F AFGHANI OFFICIAL inspects the cargo.
4) 56) text: Forget it. VITALY and the CAPTAIN, also spying the Customs Boat, joi the railing.
4) 58) dialog: We have to get out of here.
4) 67) text: What are we flying?...Dutch?  Later. (hanging up, to Vitaly)
4) 72) dialog: (panicked)
4) 73) text: Yuri! Vitaly is frantically rummaging through a trunk containin national flags. VITALY (cant' d)
4) 76) dialog: I've got Belgium.
4) 78) text: He's painting a name registered in the fucking Netherlands! Vitaly winces. YURI (cont'd) (mind racing)
4) 80) dialog: (confused, finding the tricolor)
4) 90) text: Sir, sighting of the Kristol due north. Valentine hesitates, returns to the ladder. As the agents go, they fail to see the pile of grain shif container exposing a crate of assault rifles hidden there EXT.  RAILING - FREIGHTER.  DAY. Yuri and Vitaly watch the Interpol boat leap away. On the FREIGHTER, we focus on the terrified PAINTER stand a pool of urine appears from the trouser leg. Yuri pretends not to notice, slaps the Painter on the bac
4) 96) dialog: Hey, fuck you!
4) 100) text: No, you don't fuck him-- The Narc Leader turns and shoots Yuri in the side. Yuri shudders with the impact.  The enraged Vitaly lunges the Leader but Yuri, despite his wound, holds him back. YURI (cont'd)
4) 102) text: Help yourselves.  Free sample. Vitaly nurses Yuri to the ground. The GUERRILLAS ignore them, frantically re-load just in t immediately start shooting at the approaching government The government vehicle throws a vicious 180, almost toppl The Guerillas, now back in business, take off after the g troops. Yuri lies on the dock, genuinely surprised by the sight o blood.
4) 121) text: I've got standards. The Narc Leader ignores him, climbs in his Jeep and drive truck, loaded with munitions, also exits. Yuri and Vitaly are left alone in their warehouse.
4) 122) dialog: (staring at their "remuneration")
4) 123) text: Now what? Yuri shrugs, slices open one of the packs of cocaine.  He bill from his pocket, rolls it into a tube. He goes to hand Vitaly the tube but his brother has alrea his own. Vitaly dips his tube into the coke - snorts, keeps snorti longer inhale than should be possible for a human being. INT.  HOTEL ROOM - BARRANQUILLA, COLOMBIA.  NIGHT. Six kilo-sized coffee cans.  YURI, still bandaged, is pou coffee down the toilet and replacing it with the bags of mumbling Ukrainian profanities as he works. The last bag is missing.
4) 128) dialog: (happy - way too happy)
4) 132) dialog: Ukraine. (indicating the direction he is going to snort)
4) 136) dialog: You fuck! Vitaly freaks out, slams the window so hard it shatters. Hookers still don't rouse.) VITALY (cant'd)
4) 137) text: You fucking fuck! Vitaly desperately tries to snort the cocaine out of the carpet - the straw constantly clogging with carpet fibers Blood oozes from Vitaly's nostril.  Yuri gazes down at hi brother. EXT.  ST. JOSEPH'S DRUG REHAB CLINIC.  DAY. An exclusive rehab center.  A title appears: YURI's car pulls up outside, Vitaly in the passenger seat
4) 140) dialog: (desperate eyes)
4) 143) dialog: Please. Yuri relents, pours a gram onto the dashboard.  Vitaly sn the dash.
4) 144) dialog: (as he wipes his nose)
4) 145) text: You're a good brother. Vitaly kisses Yuri. Two ORDERLIES open the car door, escort Vitaly away. Yuri watches his brother in the rearview mirror - shepher path.
4) 219) dialog: (meekly echoing the remark -joke badly misfired)
4) 221) text: One more time, Vitaly. Vitaly lets go another burst. YURI (cont'd) (reassuring word as he whisks Ava into the car)
5) 36) dialog: Merry fucking Christmas! Angel laughs.  The family gazes at Vitaly and his friend,
5) 38) text: Vitaly, who is this?
5) 40) dialog: Her name really is Angel.  She's a fairy. (hoisting Angel)
5) 41) text: Let's stick her on top of the Christmas tree. Vitaly and Angel laugh.  No one else does. Vitaly collapses on the floor.  Nicolai cries. VITALY (cont' d) (at a loss for anything better)
5) 42) text: I love you all. Yuri firmly escorts Angel to the door and pays her off. EXT.  ST. JOSEPH'S DRUG REHAB CLINIC - UPSTATE NEW YORK. YURI drops VITALY back at the exclusive rehab center. By now Yuri knows the routine.  He pours a gram onto the
5) 44) dialog: (maudlin)
5) 48) text: ...inside. Two ORDERLIES open the car door, escort Vitaly away.  Yur after Vitaly. INT.  UPPER EASTSIDE APARTMENT.  DAY. AVA and NICKI kiss YURI goodbye. EXT./INT.  PUBLIC STORAGE FACILITY - MANHATTAN.  MORNING. YURI enters a public storage facility, opens a locker wit combination lock.
6) 96) dialog: (opening champagne)
6) 103) dialog: (shrug)
6) 106) dialog: She knows, right?
6) 109) dialog: Shit, you're good.  You almost had me convinced. (to his girlfriend, knocking back his drink)
6) 131) text: Vitaly...it's Ava. INT.  COCKPIT - ILYUSHIN-76 CARGO PLANE.  DAY. The cargo hold of an Ilyushin-76 cargo plane.  It's so ov with weapons, many are strapped into the passenger seats.
6) 435) text: Not that.  Not that, Yuri. Ava opens the storage room door - at first struck by the of her paintings inside the locker.  Shaking the image fr head, she turns her attention to the briefcases and other She shuffles through the passports in horror - different Yuri, different names: "George Eagleman", "Georges D'Aigl is her husband?  Is he any of them? INT.  "THE CRIMEAN" RESTAURANT - DAY. VITALY is back at work in the kitchen of the family resta YURI approaches - Vitaly senses something amiss.
6) 436) dialog: Come to see how the other half lives?
6) 438) dialog: You too.  They said you went legitimate - hard to believe.
6) 441) dialog: I can't.  I'm thinking of opening my own place.
6) 443) dialog: (looking to his parents)
6) 446) dialog: Why do you need me all of a sudden?
6) 448) text: More than usual.  I can't trust anybody.  I need someone to watch my back. The notion touches Vitaly.  Yuri closes the deal. YURI (cant'd)
6) 449) text: "Brothers in arms". Vitaly looks to his PARENTS.  They stare at him until he eyes. Vitaly can't refuse his brother. EXT.  HIGHWAY - SIERRA LEONE.  DAY. A fork in the road.  Two large trucks slog through the bu take the left fork. YURI, VITALY and ANDRE JNR. are in the cab of the truck, DRIVER. Andre is admiring his new M60 machine gun with attachable launcher - the gun of Rambo.
6) 454) dialog: Jesus. Vitaly comes to a horrific realization. He hurries to Yuri, still negotiating with the Rebel Lead
6) 455) dialog: Yuri, I need to talk to you.
6) 457) dialog: (insistent)
6) 460) text: Excuse me. Vitaly draws Yuri out of earshot.
6) 463) dialog: (anxious whisper)
6) 467) dialog: (referring to the camp)
6) 471) dialog: (protesting)
6) 475) text: There is no hold up.  I'll be right there. Yuri draws Vitaly further away. YURI (cont'd)
6) 476) text: Vitaly, it's what we always know - we can't control what they do.
6) 477) dialog: Today we can.  They're right there - close enough to touch.
6) 480) dialog: And if we go ahead - they'll kill them. The Rebel Leader approaches again - this time he's not le
6) 483) dialog: (resigned)
6) 485) text: Did I hear you say 300 IPG's, 500 assault rifles and 800 grenades?  I thought it was 1,200 grenades.  I'd better check. Yuri pats his brother on the back, returns to the negotia Vitaly heads for the trucks. For once we follow Vitaly.  Andre Jnr. regards Vitaly war INT.  TRUCK.  DAY. The prongs of a hammer on a box of grenades.  VITALY is p the lid. Andre Jnr. appears behind him - M60 poised ominously on h
6) 487) dialog: Something for Yuri.
6) 490) text: No!! A second hail of gunfire - all REBELS firing.  Vitaly's l him.  He collapses to the ground in a pile of blood and d We focus on Vitaly's still FACE - he has taken enough bul kill him three times over.  But he is not quite dead. Agonizingly slow, he raises the grenade hand to his mouth the pin with his teeth. CLOSE on Vitaly's HAND, trying to summon the strength to grenade. A hand appears, grasps Vitaly's hand - gently but firmly the grenade. YURI. The Rebels keep their guns trained on Yuri, unsure where loyalties lie.  Yuri holds the fate of the camp in his ha could still toss the grenade, destroy the second truck, s his life. Yuri stares to his brother and then to the grenade in his reaches down and delicately takes the pin from between Vi lips. The eyes of the brothers meet for the last time.  Yuri in pin into the grenade, disarming it - the life goes from V eyes forever. Yuri removes any last doubt by tossing the disarmed grena Rebel Leader. Yuri walks away from Vitaly's dead body and returns to th negotiating table - Yuri now the living dead.  The Rebel looks to the two trucks - one burning, one not.  He remov the diamonds from the table. EXT.  TRUCK.  DAY. YURI sits in the cab, staring out of the window as the tr away.