3) 38) dialog: Wonderful. Sit down, I talk better standing. He steps up to her and embraces her ardently, She pulls out of his embrace, calmly, and without alarm,
3) 39) dialog: Please, (she straightens her hair) I think Dr. Carrington is waiting
3) 41) dialog: (evading him) No, you're not,
3) 43) dialog: Now, don't act surprised. We've been all through this before. I don't like promiscuous love making. It's meaningless.
3) 45) dialog: Pat, last time you were here, I spent three days wrestling with a typical air corps wolf, It was like playing puss-in- the~corner with Bluebeard or somebody. You even invaded my bedroom, claiming you were looking for a lost pocketknife. Now, I'm fond of you, Pat, but this time, if you don't keep your hands to yourself, we're throughs to HENRY You're fond of me, eh? Well, I'm fond. of you, too, What are we waiting for? Ne
3) 50) dialog: We're waiting until we get to know each other,
3) 52) dialog: (pushing him away ) Not that way.
3) 54) dialog: (desperately) Didn't you ever hear the word "conversation"? Didn't you ever read a book, or see a movie ~ or ~ or think about anything?
3) 56) dialog: No, I don't. If that's all you can think!
3) 58) dialog: It would be an entrancing diversion to hear one.
3) 60) dialog: That's not a thought. It's a cliche, And a stupid cliche,
3) 62) dialog: (dangerously ) ' Ave you saying I want you to ask me to marry you?
3) 66) dialog: Yes, and tell a fellow your garter belt is your own business, and he'll think of every mean, stinking thing in the world to say back to youl
3) 68) dialog: Woll, I hate war}
3) 70) dialog: I'm tired.of you. Now, come on. Doctor Carrington's eager to sec you.
4) 5) dialog: (quietly) Captain Henry is here, doctor. i . CARRINGTON (without looking up, his voice amiable) Yea, /I. nowe / (his eyes stay. on the indicator / ' dials and he continues softly) Would you take theso notes, please, i(he dictates to Nikki quietly. , She writes as he speaks) Novenber second, 2 pam, Deflection on sereen nineteen continues = | twelve point three. No lessening or wavering of disturbing clement.
4) 22) dialog: (opening the note book in it hand and reading from November 1, 11:15 p.m. Sound detectors registered explosion due east. 11:18 p.m. magnetic dial revealed twolve point three deflection, Such deflection possible only if a disturbing force equivalent to 20,000 tons of steel or iron ore had become part of the carth within fifty mile radius. ;
5) 0) text: Captain Henry and Lieutenant Dykes are at the controls. The rest of the crew are in their accustomed places, A dog sled and a dog~team occupy the rear of the passenger cabin. Flight Engineer Barnes is scanning the snowscape below, So are Photographer Stone and the scientists Olson, Chapman, Vorrhees, Laurenz and Redding. Skeely is also peering avidly out of the window. There is an air of tension to the silence. Only Dr. Carrington seems relaxed. He shares a seat with Nikki. From time to time Captain Henry turns around to scowl at Nikki and Carringtone
5) 1) dialog: (eagerly to her’ companion) I'm terribly excited, Arthur! I'm jumping up and down insidel
5) 3) dialog: (laughing) If the world were coming to an end, I dontt think youtd change your expression, Arthur, Yould keep smiling - and dictating gates ~ and, expect me to take them down : ccurately. ‘CARRINGTON (nodding) And you would. | Japtain Henry has risen and left . Dykes at the controls. He has ‘walked back to Carrington and stood , there waiting grimly for their talk “to ends He.speaks up-now with -. dppitation. ft HENRY Wotrdg fifty miles outy Dootor, and not a sign jof anything. Those gadgets,of yours must jbe screwys i \ : i
6) 13) dialog: Oh, I hope we don't lose ite
6) 17) text: It is, though, TI noticed in the plane. See? _ He holds up the counter. It clicks steadily. All set, folks. / (to Nakiet) _ You ride on the sled, Nikki gets on the sled. It Starts off, the rest of the party trotting along in its tracks.
6) 59) dialog: (excitedly) I don't see any door or windows in ite
6) 90) dialog: I'm so excited, I'm almost sick to my stomache
7) 164) dialog: Hellos May I come in?
7) 166) dialog: (smiling at him) Dreadfully unsocial atmosphere around, even for the North Pole. yf ‘ fi} HENRY i It’ sorry to have contributed to your gloom, Miss Nicholsons \ oe! NTKRT lites Nicolson!’ fs that what | vhappenb under martial law « ; , everybody loses their nicknames? it bowen (60
7) 171) dialog: No. I was having a drink - all by myself in my room...and playing the Phonograph. And f suddenly felt I was being very selfish, All that lovely music, only for me.
7) 173) dialog: That's what rtm hinting at, Mistah Henry.
8) 0) text: Nikki and Captain Henry approach it, They walk in Silence, Nikki opens the door, INT. NIKKI'S Room AND OFFICE
8) 2) dialog: Yes, I think I can,
8) 5) dialog: (giggling) Oe
8) 7) dialog: I want a favor.
8) 9) dialog: (producing a bathrobe cord) I want to tie your hands behind your back.
8) 11) dialog: Please, Pat. I said it was a Pavoree.
8) 13) dialog: I promise, (indicating chair) Here. Sit here. And put your hands around the back,
8) 15) dialog: (as she ties) It's all very simple. First there's a boogyman in a cake of ice down in the cellar, I've got a small case of jumps, and I want company. ‘ HENRY Is thig the way you usually entertain / your company? ne NIKKI : : (she “has finished tying his hands) How about’ a drink.
8) 21) dialog: (picking up a glass and holding it for Henry while he drinks) Second, I want you to know that out on the ice today, I noticed the way you jumped in between me and the explosion...»
8) 23) dialog: Because I want to tell you how much I admire you without getting fingerprints all over my clavicle.
8) 25) dialog: Another drink?
8) 27) dialog: Itm going to have a straight one. But don't get your hopes up. Liquor doesn't make me athorous.
8) 29) dialog: (eyeing him steadily) I liked the way you handled yourself today, Pate And I liked the way you stood up to all the big wigs, and refused to let them play around with the + with the thing. fe HENRY : You like everything about me, but me, is that 16? : : t : NIKKI i No. I like you, too.. In, fact, I'm going... . ‘to kiss, you. 4
8) 35) dialog: That was very nice.
8) 37) dialog: Very. (she pours herself another drink) See what a good time we can have when you're forced to behave yourself,
8) 39) dialog: I'll learn. When I'm good and readys (giggling) They say it comes naturally.
8) 41) dialog: Not on your life, (she kisses him again) Admit it, Pat. This was a great idea. Look at you ~ sitting talking to me like a civilized man instead of grabbing around like a ithrowback. Why, if you weren't tied up, I wouldn't have dared tell you how much I’ liked yous. !
13) 0) text: It is crowded with nearly all the members of the expedition. The scientists are ranged around Carrington's table, The others stand behind him. Carrington is bent over the table. Captain Henry, MacAuliff and Eddie are immediately around hin. A bright beam of light is focused on the tablo center, hidden from our eyes as we come on the SCENGs The crowd around the table is silent and tense, as at some overwhelming dramatic performance, Nikki stands beside the doctor, She is dressed in pajamas and-a woollen robe. All the others in the laboratory are also hastily dressed, some in bath robes and slippers, some in swoaters and work pants, Skeoly's large. bulk is crowded behind Captain Henry, peering over his shculder. (CONTINUED) (CONTINUED )
13) 45) dialog: (who has been writing “in her pad) Yes, doctore
13) 142) dialog: (faintly) Yes, doctor ~
14) 180) dialog: (reading from her note book) At 9 p.m, I placed the fifteen seeds taken from the severed hand of X in four inches of earth, I saturated the earth with two units of plasma taken from our blood bank, Nikki pauses, her face tense,
14) 182) dialog: (continuing to read) The condition of the dog found in the greenhouse indicated that blood wag a primal factor in the cultivation of the seeds, At 2 a.m. the first sprouts appeared through the soil, I used another two units of plasma, At 4 asm. the sprouts began to take on definite forms + and ~
14) 221) dialog: ‘May I talk to you, Arthur?
14) 228) dialog: I insist that you get some sleep, Arthur.
14) 230) dialog: (insistent) You can't use your mind - if you're exhausted.
14) 232) dialog: It isn't, (he frowns at her) You're not thinking of what's happening in the greenhouse, You saw what one of them can dol Well, just imagine if there are a thousand, or a hundred thousand!
14) 234) dialog: And you won't do anything?
14) 236) dialog: (tensely) I know} And thatts quite wonderful. But what 1f that ship came here not just to visit the earth, but to conquer it! To start growing somes kind of a horrible army. And turn the human race into - into food for 1t2 And kill the whole world.
14) 243) dialog: Youtre not gfraid?
14) 245) dialog: (nervously) Itve admired you tremendously, Arthur -
14) 247) dialog: You have it. (she smiles nervously) It so terrified I can barely walk, Itll + I'll totter off to my room and type your notes,
14) 261) dialog: I'm bus hed. (she smiles a That feels good. t him) . Please don't tire yourself.
14) 274) dialog: Why nothing. It's here,
14) 276) dialog: (moving her neck and shoulders away) Thanks forrthe massage. You're really very good at it.
14) 278) dialog: Ask him.
14) 280) dialog: (wearily) I'm really exhausted. She closes her eyes, sighs and “floats.” Henry makes a quiet sudden move toward the pile of copy she hag hidden under the two books, The gesture catches Nikkt by surprise. She stares for an instant unable to believe his per ‘idy and then leaps to her feet, full of outrage. : ‘ NIKKI : Give that back! It's private, Youtre not allowed to - ! Give that back or Iti +2 Oh, you're horrible, a cheap, underhanded army spys ‘ (CONTINUED)
14) 284) dialog: You hit mel
15) 63) text: A snore comes’ from Eddie and Captain Henry stops talking. He sits down on a cot to remove his shoes, There is a knock on the door, Henry goes to it and opens it. Nikki comes in. She is in a night robe and slippers, She carries a small toilet kit and a blanket.
15) 68) dialog: (brightly) Have you got room?
15) 70) dialog: Thought I'd join you - if you don't mind.
15) 72) dialog: I-brought my own blanket ~- if you have an extra cot,
15) 74) dialog: (sitting down on a cot) This one's empty.
15) 76) dialog: (nervously) You don't mind sleeping with one of the men.
15) 78) dialog: _ Claughing a little loudly) Mine either,
15) 82) text: 112 NIKKI. (solemly) Sorry. (he puts his arm around her as she peers at the sleepers) I'll try not to disturb them.
15) 84) dialog: I can't.
15) 86) dialog: I'm scared to death, The minute I lie down, I jump up.
15) 88) dialog: Please ~ no massages.
15) 90) dialog: (she looks at him nervously) * Pleasé make love to me.
15) 95) dialog: Thenk you. (she stares at him and adds softly) Please go on.
15) 97) dialog: Yes it is. Honestly it is, You said I was prfect.
15) 99) dialog: T won't.
15) 101) dialog: You -- you can't make love to me if I'm lying down.
15) 103) dialog: Pat -- do you really love me? Or are xy just talking because I asked you to? (Henry has turned his head toward a clicking noise coming from the direction of MacAuliff's bed, Nikki frowns at “him) Now whose mind isn't on it? “
15) 105) dialog: (smiling nervously at him) I understand perfectly. t HENRY What?
15) 109) dialog: A room full of kibitzers and a monster floating around -- it's a little difficult kissing a girl under such conditions.
15) 111) dialog: (after the kiss) That's very -~ relaxing. I feel much better. I'll ++ I'll lie down, if you don't mind. She lies down on the cot. As she does, Henry stands up. She looks at him with some surprise.
15) 122) dialog: Why should it be clicking now?
15) 124) dialog: \ Oh, no -- no} MacAuliff lifts the counter out of his duffle bag and stares at it. It continues to click, its rhythm accelerating slightly. Henry darts to the intercomminication panel at his desk,
15) 135) dialog: My heart's pounding like a horse running away.
15) 160) text: A bullet hits the light. Only the dim light of the kerosene lamp remains. The Creature whips its knifed hand at Henry's face. Henry partially blocks the blow with his pillow which shreds in the air, Henry staggers back against the wall. He elmost knocks over the hurricane lamp. He picks it up and dashes it at the Creature, Flaming kerosene spatters over it. As it stands burning torch- like in the middle of the room Barnes moves forward and strikes a mighty blow with his axe. The blow misses. Instantly the Creature wheels and seizes Barnes by the throat, Barnes scresms orice. Hi's scream gurgles away. Dykes, holding his entire cot in front of him as a shield, rushes forward followed by Henry. They smash at the monster which, still holding Barnes with one tentacle, retreats to a corner of the room. It is the corner in which Nikki has been crouching. She screams, The Créature whips its free talon at her and secures her by the arm. Still afire, it starts dragging its two victims toward the window, Nikki's “screams fill the room. Once more Henry charges forward with his ice axe and sinks its pointed end into the Creature's head. The Creature stops, drops Nikki and lashes at Henry. This time its ar@ed knife-fingers slash Henry's wrist. Henry drops the axe and fells back. Dykes, still shielded by his cot, has. at tho same time grabbed Nikkits ankle and pulled her away. MacAuliff has picked up the oan containing the remainder of the kerosene. He throws it on the Creaturo. The blaze surges uDe
15) 164) text: Come in. 120 Parts of the room have caught fire, The Creature picks up Barnes and springs out the window into the storm. For a moment its motion through the night is etched in fire. Then the wind and snow extinguish the flames. ‘The Creature disappears, Dykes moves quickly from Nikki to bend over Henry who is kneeling in silent agony, clutching his lacerated forearm, Dykes snaps on a flashlight. (panting) mS panting You all right, Pat?
15) 191) dialog: Yes. Where's the intercom?
15) 204) dialog: (into intercom) All right, Eddie? Overe
15) 206) dialog: (into intercom) All right, Mac? Over. MACAULIFF!tS VOICE All q iet hore. At twenty second intervals, Nikki, Eddie and MacAuliff repeat the same ritual.
15) 243) dialog: Tako ovor for mo, ploaso, Mre Hendrix, » Hendrix sits at-tho intercom and starts chocking with tho sontinels as Nikki goos to Honrye She pulls at his slocvo. Pat, don't you fool it? It's gotting / Golde
15) 282) text: Coming, She replaces Hendrix at the intercom panel. Hendrix starts taking down the telegraph message. f HENRY ‘(to Chapman) Leave mo one for Nikki. Tako the others in the genarating room and tell the folks to take turns wearing ‘em. Tan minute shifts. Chapman moves to obey, . ' pe oe we ro SKEELY Our friend's quite « boy, Figures all the angles, (CONTINUED)
15) 301) dialog: (relaying the warning) Pat! It's coming! (to Nikkt) Call Mac in! (to the wire workers) Almost finished?
15) 527) dialog: Dr. Carrington - what happened to him, (quietly) He's dead,
16) 22) dialog: You bet I will, Tomorrow, Henry sticks his nose into her neck and falls happily asleep. During this Skeely is broadcasting.