8) 0) text: Nicely-dressed people sit around folding tables in a base Sunday School room. A sign taped to a wall: “CONGRATULATI JEFF AND KRISTY! MAY JESUS BLESS YOUR HOLY MATRIMONY!” Jeff's at a table between Kristy’s father, Mr. Jorgens an Kristy’s brothers. They have that foppish swoop of hair hanging down over their brows like young Southern men you want to punch in the head.
8) 12) dialog: Tucker! Shut up! My mom has hearing like a vampire bat.
11) 0) text: A wedding bomb has gone off. Kristy is flipping through " Wedding Binder." She's in sweats and her hair's a ratty m Jeff kisses her and nuzzles his head against her neck.
11) 1) dialog: Guess who just called. My mom.
11) 3) dialog: She's coming into town early to help out. Isn’t that nice of her? Kristy strains a smile.
11) 5) dialog: Tomorrow.
11) 10) dialog: No she’s not. Quit being dramatic.
11) 12) dialog: She’s pious and conservative, Jeff, not Pennsylvania Dutch!
11) 14) dialog: My parents are paying for the wedding. My mom’s entitled to have some input. What did you want me to say to her? Don’t come?
11) 16) dialog: Calm down, Groomzilla!
12) 1) dialog: What are you doing? 23.
12) 3) dialog: For what?
12) 5) dialog: I thought you were staying in town.
12) 7) dialog: Good for Tucker, I hope he has a great time.
12) 9) dialog: Who’s got your back? Aaron?
12) 11) dialog: Tucker says he’s got your back. Except you’re always the one bailing him out. I wish you took care of me as well as you take care of Tucker.
12) 13) dialog: Really? When have I taken precedence? When have you chosen me over Tucker? Give me an example. Just one.
12) 16) dialog: Honey, you know I’m cool with you going to a strip club. If we didn’t have so much to do, I’d go with you. But we have all the final appointments this weekend. You need to be there.
12) 18) dialog: That’s not true. Your input is important.
12) 20) dialog: So instead you’re going to pout and play babysitter to Tucker? Again.
14) 2) dialog: No one said you had to give in on that stuff. Be a man and take a stand if it’s important to you!
14) 5) dialog: So what's this I hear about you taking Jeff for the weekend?
14) 7) dialog: How thoughtful of you.
14) 9) dialog: It’s just we have all the final wedding appointments tomorrow and--
14) 13) dialog: Sure, that sounds like fun actually. Tucker grabs Jeff's duffel from him and gives it to Krist
14) 16) dialog: (in light-hearted jest) You are completely full of shit. Take care of my Jeff.
34) 0) text: Kristy is lying on a big bouncy castle, testing it out. H mother is looking on disapprovingly.
34) 1) dialog: Have you finally calmed down?
34) 3) dialog: Gee, thanks. Are you having fun? How is Tucker handling the "No Touch" rule?
36) 0) text: Kristy sits up.
36) 1) dialog: Jeff, where are you?
36) 3) dialog: No, where are you? Geographically.
36) 5) dialog: I can’t believe this. KRISTY’S MOTHER (to the salesman) We’re not going to be needing this anymore.
37) 1) dialog: Put Aaron on the phone.
37) 3) dialog: Jeff, we both know that's ridiculous. Put Aaron on the phone. Jeff flags down Aaron before he gets too far and waves th phone. He covers the receiver as he hands it to Aaron.
37) 7) dialog: Aaron, where are you guys?
38) 0) text: Kristy and her mom are navigating their way toward the ex
38) 1) dialog: Jeff, why did you go to Charlotte?
38) 3) dialog: Again, Jeff? Again with Tucker. Are you his keeper? Is that your role? Is that what you do? Hang out, swoop in and save him, and take the hit? I don’t get it.
38) 5) dialog: What I really don't understand is why you had to lie to me. We promised we'd always be honest with each other.
38) 7) dialog: Stop saying “we”. I don’t care why Tucker did what he did. I only care about what you did. 50 60. A beat.
38) 9) dialog: I don't know what I am. Hurt, I guess. Really disappointed. I don’t know what to think. I've got to go. Kristy hangs up as they reach the exit.
51) 0) text: Kristy is asleep in their bed. Her cell phone rings. groggily picks up.
51) 1) dialog: Hello?
51) 6) dialog: Jeff?
52) 2) dialog: What happened? Where are you?
52) 4) dialog: No, Jeff. Tucker said he has your back, so let him have it. Kristy hangs up and the line clicks over.
58) 0) text: Kristy and her mother are finalizing the seating chart an writing out the place cards. KRISTY’S MOTHER I‘’1l tell you one thing. No good Baptist would be caught dead drinking to excess or gettin’ arrested for causin’ a ruckus. It’s unseemly.
58) 1) dialog: Of course not Mom. The good Baptists never get caught. A fiddling keys sound comes from the front door. KRISTY’S MOTHER Look, all I’m tryin’ to say is that this kind of wanton drunkenness and lack of self control is typical of a religion with all of the spirituality and none of the guilt. It’s not right. Jeff straggles through the door into the living room. KRISTY’S MOTHER (CONT'D) (biting and sarcastic) Well look who the Lord has chosen to deliver unto this happy home.
58) 6) dialog: (to Jeff) We need to talk. You missed everything.
58) 8) dialog: Honey! What happened to you?!
58) 10) dialog: Enough, mom. KRISTY’S MOTHER We have to postpone! I can’t display your wedding photos in my house, what will people think?!
58) 11) dialog: I said enough! This isn’t about you. I don’t care what you do with the stupid pictures! A beat, as Kristy’s mother regroups and Jeff looks on sul and hilariously disfigured.
58) 12) dialog: Are you okay? You have to stop letting Tucker get you into these messes. Jeff shrugs, frowning and droopy.
58) 13) dialog: (through stifled laughter) Oh my little Quasimoto. You look so pathetic. 80 81. She hugs him tenderly, as much like a mother as a wife.
58) 14) dialog: Let’s get you cleaned up so I can stop laughing at you.
61) 2) dialog: It’s Tucker. Do you want to talk to him? Jeff shrugs with ambivalence. She opens the door.
61) 9) dialog: Apologize sincerely.
61) 11) dialog: Tucker, what fantasy world do you live in? One word and the Guy Head Nod isn’t a sincere apology.
61) 13) dialog: Do you understand the magnitude of this situation? He lied to me for you. He landed in jail because you failed as a friend in every way possible.
61) 15) dialog: He lied because he was your friend, Tucker. To protect you. 84.
61) 17) dialog: From his future wife thinking his best friend is a selfish lying son of a bitch! Except it’s worse than that because I always knew you were selfish. Now I worry that you’re this uncontrollable destructive force that I can’t trust to have the best interests of the man I love at heart. Kristy’s exhortation freezes Tucker.
61) 18) dialog: That’s what you don’t seem to understand. Part of friendship is supporting each other and knowing each others boundaries. Do you even know where Jeff’s are?
61) 20) dialog: So you just ignored them then? Pushed right past them. He sacrificed his line in the sand to protect you and you couldn’t even sacrifice a midget vagina for him. Is it any surprise you aren’t welcome at our wedding?
61) 22) dialog: No, Tucker, you aren't. Tucker stands there stunned.
61) 24) dialog: You don’t get it. I don’t care if you're at the wedding. It’s Jeff who doesn’t want you there. Kristy looks sadly and reluctantly into Tucker's face as processes her words.
72) 0) text: Jeff and Kristy have their backs to us. The last groomsma not dressed the same as the rest, because he took Tucker' place at the 11th hour. They finish the ceremony and turn down the aisle. Jeff's black eyes and swollen brows are smeared in DermaBlend. Sweating from nerves, Jeff's face looks like someone pissed on a chalk painting.
75) 11) text: (into the mic) Some of you may not know me, my name is Tucker Max. Jeff is my best friend. Or at least was, until last week when I took advantage of his kindness and loyalty. I forced him into lying to Kristy, dragged him two hours away, got him abusively drunk, and then ditched him to sleep with a midget stripper. I am the reason that, on the most important day of his life, Jeff's face looks like a melted Barbie doll's. Kristy’s mother is nearly apoplectic. Jeff, holding back building fury, scoots his chair out to get up, but Kristy puts her hand on his leg to stop him and keep him seated.
77) 3) text: 102 100. ANGLE on Jeff and Kristy, who look at each other.
79) 0) text: Jeff, Kristy, Aaron, and Tucker are standing at the bar a the end of the night, ties undone, just the four of them. They look content.
79) 1) dialog: Tucker, I have to say, when you got up there, I almost died. I had no idea what you were going to do. But that was a great speech.
79) 4) dialog: I have to go check on the guests. Kristy walks off.