2) 3) dialog: I have money in my wallet, just take it!!
2) 5) dialog: WHAT!? Why are you hand-cuffing me?
2) 7) dialog: What is going on?!? Why are you arresting me?!?
2) 9) dialog: 
2) 18) dialog: Now that we have that cleared up, you two think you could leave?
3) 0) text: TUCKER, 24, handsome and self-possessed, pulls his car in the parking lot, and gives the Guy Head Nod to a familiar passer-by as he strides coolly into the law school.
3) 1) dialog: Ever fuck a deaf chick? Of course you haven't.
4) 8) dialog: Raise your hand if you've ever fucked a deaf girl. A beat. Jeff whips around as Tucker smiles deviously and slowly raises his hand. The group bursts into hysterics.
4) 11) dialog: You're deaf too now? Tucker starts mock-signing. + eH
5) 0) text: Jeff and Tucker are next to each other in an auditorium s class. Everyone has laptops open in front of them.
5) 1) dialog: I almost shit myself when those cops busted in. I thought she set me up or something.
5) 4) dialog: I’m sorry, what issue is that?
5) 6) dialog: I wasn't, I apologize, I was busy talking about having sex with a deaf girl. The class laughs.
5) 11) dialog: What are we protecting them from, eagles and poachers and stuff? Like an endangered species? The class erupts again.
5) 13) dialog: It could happen. You know if Kanye showed up to a club in a midget stoll, they’d be extinct in a week.
5) 15) dialog: No, I don't think midgets should be considered a protected class for the purposes of employment discrimination law. I think their physical limitations put them squarely within the business necessity and reasonable accommodation defenses of the Americans with Disabilities Act.
5) 17) dialog: I’m not sure. I figure it’s like riding a roller coaster. You must be this high to get ADA protection. Tucker puts his hand at chest level and the class laughs.
5) 19) dialog: You represented a midget stripper?
5) 21) dialog: Was she fired?
5) 23) dialog: What club was it?
5) 25) dialog: Touche! I will shut up now. Aside to Jeff, as Professor drones on about the case.
5) 26) dialog: So, you ready for your bachelor party tonight?
5) 28) dialog: I’m gonna go get Aaron, meet us at the campus bar after class. Tucker closes his laptop as we go to black. INT. AARON’S APT. - MINUTES LATER 7 The apartment is dark and spartan. Aaron is slouched down the room’s only chair, in front of a meticulously organiz media center, playing a Grand Theft Auto-style game. Aaron is 24, tall and lanky with angular features. He’s almost finicky about his appearance, but underneath, he’s maladjusted, beaten down Star Trek nerd. He’s got a heads on that is connected to his controller.
5) 30) dialog: Yo, Aaron. It’s Tucker. Aaron flips out and hits the video game controller furiou
5) 32) dialog: I’m coming to get you, we’re going drinking. Aaron's character dies on the screen.
5) 34) dialog: What?
5) 36) dialog: This is a great idea! I need a drink and you need some daylight.
5) 41) dialog: (reading, but to himself) Take whatever you want, her box is apparently open to all. Tucker sifts through the box: Han Solo and Princess Leia figurines with their kung-fu grip hands melted together, women’s clothes, pictures of a blissful Aaron and a strik but disinterested, brunette. The box is peppered with unu tampons that have been snapped in half. 13 10. INT. AARON’S APT. — CONTINUOUS 13 Tucker barges in without knocking and opens all the drape flooding the dark, depressive sanctuary of pain with ligh
5) 42) dialog: Look at this place. It’s a shrine to cuckoldry and rage. Aaron plops down in his chair. The back has “HIS” stencil into it, matching the “HERS” outside.
5) 43) dialog: You ready?
5) 45) dialog: We're going to the bar. I just told you on the phone.
5) 47) dialog: Did Sarah call yet? Tucker goes into the kitchen to get himself a chair and g two beers from the fridge.
5) 49) dialog: This cartoon is disturbingly hot. Can you imagine a threesome with Jem and Jerrica?
5) 51) dialog: Jerrica runs a foster home. She wouldn’t cheat.
5) 55) dialog: Sarah kept the ring?
5) 57) dialog: You act like you're the first person in the world to get cheated on. It happens to everyone, dude, even me.
6) 5) dialog: Hey, who knew blowjobs were good for sore throats, right?
6) 7) dialog: It’s not that bad, dude. You always get stuck in these cycles. When you get depressed like this, you need to ask yourself What would Tucker do?, and then go do that.
6) 9) dialog: You know HIV is basically curable now. It doesn’t even show up in Magic Johnson's blood anymore. 16 13.
7) 0) text: Campus Bar is part sports bar, part dingy hook-up dungeon Tucker is flirting aggressively with Leslie, a gorgeous c waitress. Aaron, disgusted, is staring off at the TV.
7) 2) dialog: Are you kidding, I love kids too. I can’t wait to have more.
7) 4) dialog: No, I’m just playing.
7) 6) dialog: (boyishly charming) If you do stem cell research, you could work with them. She tries not to laugh, but can’t help herself. Jeff bree in and sidles up. Tucker swats Leslie on the ass.
7) 7) dialog: Run along baby, man talk. I have your number, I’11l call you. Leslie walks away, clearly smitten. Aaron shakes his head
7) 12) dialog: Excuse me?
7) 14) dialog: Oh, I heard you, Hero. You don’t want me flirting with your server. I didn’t know she belonged to you. I thought she was an individual with free will?
7) 16) dialog: Well, BRO, here’s another figure of speech for you: Mind your own fucking business. I’m sorry I’ve accomplished more in 30 minutes with Leslie than you have in two years, but she looked pretty happy talking to me. Or maybe she rubs her crotch against all the customers.
7) 18) dialog: Or maybe it’s just time for you to get me another drink. Tucker waves his empty glass. 15.
7) 20) dialog: Hey sweetie, just put this on my tab, okay. Tucker disarms her with charm and she gives it up easily. bartender sees this transpire and seethes.
7) 23) dialog: Listen, I know everything is set for tonight, but I think we should discuss a potential change in venue for your bachelor party.
7) 25) dialog: The strip club we’re supposed to go to sucks. It’s dirty and decrepit and the girls that don’t have stretch marks have personalities like the worst parts of the Bible.
7) 27) dialog: Some of us actually enjoy the company of women, Aaron. a *
7) 31) dialog: It wouldn’t be so bad if Durham hadn't passed that ridiculous ‘no touch’ ordinance. All we can do is sit at a table and look at them.
7) 33) dialog: What do you want to do Jeff, play checkers? This is a fucking BACHELOR PARTY.
7) 35) dialog: A short two hour drive away is a strip club called Baby Dolls. I’m sorry. Let me back up. This isn’t just some strip club. This is the Super Bowl of carnal pleasure.
7) 37) dialog: Not like this one, dude. The first time I got a lap dance there, the stripper grabbed my hands and put them on her tits. The second dance, she turned around and basically dry humped me the entire time. She was gorgeous and wasn't even close to being the best one there.
7) 40) dialog: They encourage it.
7) 42) dialog: And the very best part: $5 cover, $10 dances, $2 drinks. All. Night.
7) 45) dialog: Seating chart?!
7) 48) dialog: Yes it is. It’s an LSAT logic game. A table seats 8 people. Tucker must sit next to a single woman with large breasts. Aaron must not sit next to anyone with a vagina. No one else matters. Boom, done.
7) 50) dialog: We'll be back tomorrow afternoon. Look dude, if we stay in Durham, we can’t have the experience we need to make up for that abomination of an engagement party you had with Kristy’s family.
8) 7) dialog: Having a great time back here. This is definitely better than getting drunk with strippers. ANGLE ON Mrs. Jorgens.
8) 11) dialog: Hey Jeff, does Daddy know his little girl likes anal?
8) 14) dialog: Fuck it. I think I’m just going to order some strippers.
9) 2) dialog: Jeff, you know you’re my boy, but I have to be honest. If you keep acting like a bitch, someone's gonna fuck that pussy in your face. Jesus Christ dude, this is IT! This is our last gasp together as single men!
9) 4) dialog: And what about Aaron!?
9) 6) dialog: He hasn’t been out of the house since his girl tore out his heart and stomped it with bling shoes! Aaron needs this!
9) 9) dialog: You need this! WE ALL NEED THIS!! IT’S OUR DESTINY AS MEN!!
9) 11) dialog: Oh by the way, BRO, make sure to tell Leslie that I’m an asshole and that she should stay away. It’1ll only help me.
10) 0) text: At the curb in front of Jeff’s apartment complex, Jeff in driver’s seat, Tucker and Aaron in the back.
10) 1) dialog: You are an integral part of this trip, dude, and you’ve earned it. So put your fucking game face on!
13) 0) text: Tucker and Aaron are still parked at the curb.
13) 1) dialog: What’s taking him long?
13) 3) dialog: Should I go help?
13) 5) dialog: I’m going in. Tucker bursts from the car and jogs toward Jeff's place.
14) 4) dialog: What’s up guys? 26. Kristy tries to put on her “Everything is fine” face.
14) 6) dialog: Well, Durham passed this stupid no- touch rule. I figure since the ladies can’t seem to keep their hands off me, it’d be irresponsible for me to go to clubs around here.
14) 8) dialog: You don’t mind do you? I’m not stepping on any toes, am I? Kristy gives him that “well...actually” look.
14) 10) dialog: Oh no. Jeff didn’t say anything about that. Why didn’t you tell me, dude? That’s not cool. It’s your wedding, man. Jeff is wide-eyed at Tucker in frustration and anger. A beat.
14) 11) dialog: We'll just go out in town. We can do Charlotte after your honeymoon.
14) 12) dialog: Kristy, that way you can come too.
14) 14) dialog: (to Kristy) He doesn’t need this anymore. (to Jeff) You ready, dude? 27. Jeff nods.
14) 15) dialog: I’1l have him back by the morning. And Kristy, you look hot as always. Tucker gives Kristy a hug. She shakes her head, smiling.
14) 17) dialog: Always. 24 EXT. JEFF’S APARTMENT BUILDING - MOMENTS LATER 24 Tucker and Jeff walk toward the car parked at the curb.
14) 18) dialog: Charlotte, here we come.
14) 20) dialog: Come on dude, do you really think it’s possible to keep me from something I want? They reach the car and open their doors to get it.
14) 21) dialog: The more important question is, ARE
14) 28) dialog: Oh please. When I walked in you had so much surrender in your eyes I thought your apartment was Vichy France. They pass a sign for, among other things, McDonalds.
14) 30) dialog: I don’t know how you eat McGriddles. They look disgusting.
21) 1) dialog: So you like them?
22) 0) text: Aaron is dressed like a ninja, with a McGriddle in one ha He sneaks up on Tucker and, in one fluid motion, whips th wrapper off the McGriddle, crams it in Tucker’s mouth, pl the wrapper around his penis and humps Tucker from behind before punching him violently at the base of his skull.
23) 1) dialog: You are so fucking weird. Tucker veers onto a freeway off ramp with a tall McDonald sign looming up ahead. 35 36 31.
25) 0) text: Heads on a swivel, Tucker rolls up the windows and child locks them. McDonalds wrappers line the floor boards. A beat.
25) 2) dialog: I don’t sm--
25) 4) dialog: Hey, McDonalds was your idea.
25) 8) dialog: That’s some fermented ass juice you're smelling right there.
25) 10) dialog: You guys have such weak constitutions. (MORE )
25) 12) dialog: I bet those girls over there wouldn’t complain as much as you two.
25) 14) dialog: Not every woman on the street is a whore, dude. Watch, I'll prove it. Tucker leans out the window.
25) 15) dialog: Excuse me, Miss! How much for sex? She is repulsed.
25) 16) dialog: See, she only fucks for free.
25) 18) dialog: Dude, it’s not even seven. The club * doesn’t open til ten. Let’s get * some drinks first. Pregame. *
26) 1) dialog: This place is sweet. Last time I was here it was wall to wall hot girls.
27) 4) dialog: Yeah right.
28) 3) dialog: Alright fellas, we have a little over two hours until Baby Dolls opens. Let's see if we can't get some girls to go with us.
28) 5) dialog: If things go well. They walk up the bar and angle to get the bartender’s attention. Aaron nudges a fratty guy who’s talking to a g +e HH OH
28) 12) dialog: He called you an idiot.
28) 14) dialog: Are you on a date with this guy?
28) 15) dialog: Has he bragged about the kind of car he drives? Let me guess: a 3- series. I bet he’s hinted at least twice at how much money he makes. Right? She doesn’t say anything, which says everything.
28) 16) dialog: Awesome! How many times has he mentioned that he works out? Did he tell you about his gym and offer you personal training? Don’t you love $30,000 Millionaires?
28) 18) dialog: It’s a lot harder to pick up women when you have to offer something besides frat letters and GHB, isn’t it? I bet you even have one of those stupid frat rat names, like Chance or Reed.
28) 20) dialog: Should've moved when you had the chance, huh tough guy? Fratty gets visibly angry and two-hand pushes Tucker in t chest. In a flash, Jeff has Fratty in a rear naked choke puts him out. Bouncers, who saw the whole thing transpire come over and drag an unconscious Fratty away.
28) 21) dialog: (to the girl) There goes your ride. In the background the bartender sets up five pint glasses half full with light beer in pyramid. He fills six shot glasses with Amaretto and a Bacardi 151 float, and sets t on the lips of the glasses. The bartender takes a huge sw of Bacardi 151, puts a lighter up to his face, and blows massive fireball over the shot glasses. He hits one of th shot glasses into the beer, starting a domino effect that puts out the flames and fizzes up the beer in each glass. five bachelorette girls, Melissa, Christina, Amy, Ashley Mary, grab a glass and chug.
28) 22) dialog: What is that?
28) 24) dialog: Do it again! The bartender sets up three for the guys and they chug th
28) 25) dialog: Holy shit! It tastes like Dr. Pepper.
28) 29) dialog: Do it again! Seven of them!
28) 31) dialog: OK, if this is a real bachelorette party, who is the designated slut? All the girls laugh except Mary.
28) 33) dialog: That’s funny, normally the designated cock-blocker is the fat one. The bartender sets up the shots for everyone.
28) 34) dialog: I think a toast is in order for my buddy Jeff, who is also getting married, and to the bride to be and all her beautiful friends. Even the bitchy prude. He raises his glass.
28) 35) dialog: Here's to the people we've met, and to the people we've fucked, And to those amongst us who've had no such luck. Here's to beer in the glass, and vodka in the cup, Here's to pokin' her in the ass, so she won't get knocked up. Here's to all of you, and here's to me, Together as friends we'll always be, But if we should ever disagree, Then FUCK ALL OF YOU, HERE'S TO ME! Everyone drinks and cheers. 37.
28) 36) dialog: Alright, but for real, which is the naughty one? ANGLE ON Aaron, next to Amy, a bubbly girl. She has a mar and a “Hello, my porn name is” sticker. Her porn name is “Bubbles State Route 17.”
28) 47) dialog: Oh look, another girl who ran away from you. Come on man, this night is about you and Jeff. (MORE )
28) 50) dialog: Remember what we talked about in your apartment? Instead of being a cockblocking curmudgeon, stop and ask yourself What Would Tucker Do?, and then do that instead.
28) 53) dialog: 
28) 57) dialog: Who are you talking to? Because you can't be talking to me like that. You couldn't tie my drinking shoes.
28) 61) dialog: Fine. Bachelor and hottest guy--me-- versus bachelorette and your hottest friend. Tucker scans the bachelorette party and points to a girl big fake tits and a naughty come hither look, Christina. smiles and comes over.
28) 63) dialog: Yeah? Go talk to him for five minutes. Now let’s get down to business. Line'em up. And no girly shit either. If it has sugar in it, it's not a real shot.
28) 65) dialog: Thank you, Mr. Wizard. ANGLE on Aaron standing at the bar next to an older lady has a dog in her lap.
28) 84) dialog: So what's up with the bitchy one, Mary?
28) 86) dialog: Yeah, it must suck to be that ugly.
28) 88) dialog: Women are the worst at judging their friends. Have you looked at her face? Bums wouldn’t fuck her. ANGLE ON Ashley and Aaron. A Grillionaire song comes on. video plays on the TV screens behind the bar.
28) 99) dialog: I'm not doing tequila. That stuff is Special Olympics in a glass. Aaron leans in and sniffs him.
28) 104) dialog: This is for all you bitches, ho's and tricks, I wouldn't talk to any of you, if I didn't have a dick. Tucker Max. Jeff and Tucker cheers and do their shots.
28) 109) dialog: Six shots? That’s it?! SIX SHOTS!? You may be able to vote and drive, but you’ll never be equal!!
28) 111) dialog: No it isn’t. If I said that women belong chained to the stove with just enough slack to reach the bedroom, that would be misogynist.
28) 113) dialog: What I said was sexist. And a fucking joke. Not that your spoiled pageant girl ass would know the difference.
28) 116) dialog: (nearly exasperated) I don't hate women. I love women! Why else would I put up with all their shit?!
28) 118) dialog: I just don't like you as a person, because you’re a fucking bitch. And that has nothing to do with whether or not you have tits. Pindrop silence. A beat. Aaron faux leans into Tucker.
28) 127) dialog: What? I’m pretty sure it’s what Jesus would have said. ANGLE ON Jeff near the door. He’s managed to pull the gir aside.
29) 0) text: Little Tucker is parked in front of a TV watching a soap opera with his mother. She’s got a cigarette in one hand a giant goblet of chablis in the other. She’s hammered.
30) 7) dialog: (to Christina) I know you'll be there.
31) 1) dialog: Jeff, call Information, find out where this club is.
31) 3) dialog: No, why would I know that?
31) 5) dialog: I said that?
31) 9) dialog: Oh. Well, I can’t be held accountable for the things that come out of my mouth. A homeless STREET MUSICIAN near them starts playing "Frie in Low Places" as Jeff gets on the phone. Tucker puts his around him and joins in. TUCKER (CONT’D)
31) 28) dialog: He’s a homeless street musician! He already lost.
33) 19) dialog: You have a friend for him?
33) 25) dialog: Three down, only ninety-seven to go. Good job dumbass. Liz, the waitress, arrives to drop off drinks and a round shots. They do the shots and gag.
33) 26) dialog: Holy Christ, what is that?
33) 35) dialog: Did she just make a fetal alcohol joke? Tucker hands her a twenty dollar bill.
33) 36) dialog: When you are done changing or whatever, come back over and keep talking shit to him. Bring a friend for the bachelor, too. Lara smiles and makes for the back of the house. Tucker turns + eH
33) 39) dialog: If we go back to my hotel room, we can do anything we want too. 51.
33) 41) dialog: I'll give you twenty dollars.
33) 43) dialog: Twenty five.
33) 45) dialog: No, just twenty five.
33) 47) dialog: My attention span won’t last an hour. Thirty dollars.
33) 49) dialog: That’s OK, I’m already drunk. ANGLE ON Lara coming over and sitting down next to Aaron another girl sitting next to Jeff, who he summarily ignor
33) 55) dialog: For Grillionaire of all people!
33) 61) dialog: No, no, no you can’t go. 53.
33) 64) dialog: You need to keep talking shit to him.
33) 67) dialog: He’s different. There is a beautiful flower inside that onion, I promise. You just have to peel the layers and fight back the tears. I'll pay your normal dance rate, just stay and talk to him. The trio returns to the table.
33) 73) dialog: Hold on, if I’m cute and funny, then why are you charging me? That’s no way to start a relationship.
33) 75) dialog: Shit baby, I don't want that kind of relationship. I just want to fuck you. I’m a great fuck buddy.
33) 77) dialog: How big is your mouth? They flirtatiously stare each other down as we ANGLE ON L and Aaron.
33) 87) dialog: This is your dream girl. If you don’t make this happen you will be a disgrace to the entire GTA playing community. Lara hears the mention of the GTA video game.
33) 92) dialog: I bet you a hundred dollars that she will beat you at GTA.
33) 98) dialog: Two hundred dollars.
33) 109) dialog: (in a bar whisper) Dude, What Would Tucker Do? You're going. Tucker gives Lara two hundred dollar bills.
33) 110) dialog: If you beat him, this is yours. If not, I expect it back. And not in sweaty crumpled $1 bills.
35) 0) text: Jade is on Tucker's lap and rubbing his inner thigh and crotch.
37) 5) dialog: Tell her we're in Durham.
37) 11) dialog: I’m just hoping he doesn’t kill her. Liz comes by with bottle service. A bottle of champagne a bottle of vodka, with the accoutrements.
39) 1) dialog: Whatever, she'll get over it. Just tell her it’s my fault.
39) 4) dialog: Eh, six of one. Don’t sweat it, what happens in Charlotte, stays in Charlotte.
39) 6) dialog: Solution to life’s problems, remember? Jeff takes it and gives Tucker a ‘fuck you' look as Rainb Brite’s song ends and the DJ chimes in again.
39) 8) dialog: Dude, you're going on stage! You psyched?! Something catches Tucker's attention on the periphery.
39) 9) dialog: I'll be right back. I'm gonna go get Rainbow Brite.
39) 11) dialog: He'll be fine. He’s a big boy. Tucker bolts for the back of the house. Jeff ignores him, finishes his pint of vodka and pours another. EXT./INT LARA’S CAR - LARA’S DRIVEWAY - MOMENTS LATER 51 Aaron and Lara are parked in Lara’s driveway.
45) 0) text: Tucker is having vigorous sex with a woman you can't quit see in the darkness except for her multi-colored socks. I Rainbow Brite. Tucker’s absolutely thrilled with himself. INT. LARA’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 60 Lara and Aaron are sitting on the sofa playing GTA. It’s the part where Aaron got killed a couple days before.
47) 0) text: Tucker's still asleep. He pays no attention to his vibrat cell phone, scooting along the bedroom floor.
52) 9) dialog: (slightly unsettled) So how’d it go? Everything good?
52) 11) dialog: What do I hope happened? I hope you hooked up. What do I think happened? INT. LARA’S HOUSE - NIGHT - DREAM SEQUENCE 70 Aaron strangles Lara with the controller cord, as Jack ye in terror. Lara stops squirming as Jack comes over to hel his mommy and Aaron kicks him in his little nuts, sending ass first through the front window. Aaron uses a candle t light the drapes on fire, grabs an arm full of toys, and. EXT. LARA’S HOUSE - NIGHT - DREAM SEQUENCE ..+.runs out the front door down the street, toys spillin everywhere. ANGLE ON the house, with Jack, dead, dangling from a large shard of window glass that’s pierced the col of his Optimus Prime pajama top. EXT. LARA’S HOUSE - FRONT DOOR - CURRENT SCENE 71 *
52) 26) dialog: Did you just give your Duke keychain to a whore baby?
53) 0) text: Tucker walks up to the clerk’s window.
53) 1) dialog: I got a weird computer voicemail from you guys. I think you've got my friend Jeff Smith back there.
53) 3) dialog: Jesus Christ, Jeff! What happened!?
53) 5) dialog: Dude, you are not going to believe what happened to me.
54) 0) text: Tucker, Jeff and Aaron are sitting around waiting for the food to come out. Jeff has a deep, vacant stare.
54) 1) dialog: You know the feeling you get when you're looking for that special someone and you’re trying so hard you think you might never find her? Like Sisyphus pushing the boulder up the mountain? (MORE )
54) 3) dialog: But then, just as you’re about to give up, the clouds part, the path widens, and there she is? Well gentlemen, last night I reached the mountain top.
55) 0) text: It's right after Tucker poured the drink for Jeff.
55) 1) dialog: Aaron you had just left, when I saw her. ANGLE on the door to the stripper dressing room. There’s nothing there. TUCKER (V.O.) (CONT’D) My midget princess. Everything seems to slow down, Tucker’s mesmerized, like trance. The camera pans down...to a midget dressed as RAI BRITE.
55) 2) dialog: Her blonde hair and sparkling blue eyes reminded me of Gwenyth Paltrow. Her compressed cervical vertebrae and bowed legs told me what Gwenyth Paltrow would look like if she was placed in a vise and squished to one quarter size. Rainbow Brite waddles confidently across the room.
55) 3) dialog: As her pigeon-toed feet carried her past our table, I slid down in my chair, hoping to catch her eye. Rainbow Brite passes Tucker, mouth open in order to breat
55) 4) dialog: She looked at me, her mashed-up teeth sparkling in the oily light of the novelty condom machine. Tucker gives his best seductive smile. TUCKER (V.O.) (CONT’D) I gave her my unmistakable "I want to fuck you" eyes. Rainbow Brite smiles at Tucker, exposing mashed-up teeth. 76. TUCKER (V.O.) (CONT’D) She shot back a "My spine hurts" face, and I was smitten. Tucker gets up from the table, leaving Jeff chugging vodk to follow his midget princess to the bar.
55) 5) dialog: She went to the bar and I took the stool next to hers. The beer bottle looked massive in her tiny little hands. She grabs a beer bottle off the bar counter. TUCKER (V.O.) (CONT’D) All I could think about was how big those hands would make my penis look. I started running tiny little game at her. Tucker turns to her.
55) 6) dialog: Hi, I’m Gulliver. How are you doing?
55) 8) dialog: Hey, don’t get short with me, Sleepy.
55) 10) dialog: Is that what Doc told you, Grumpy?
55) 12) dialog: Hi ho, hi ho, start dancing or off you go. Midget Princess breaks a smile at Tucker’s deviousness. 77 77. TUCKER (V.O.) (CONT’D) She ate it up. She laughed her tiny little laugh at my tiny little jokes and then threw me a fastball down the middle.
55) 14) dialog: It was the tiny little opening I needed. Tucker smiles deviously. A beat.
55) 15) dialog: This place sucks. You want to go back to my hotel and do something more fun?
55) 17) dialog: (seductively serious) I wanna make a mess in your mouth.
55) 19) dialog: OK, but just to be safe, leave your pick axe here. I don’t want you tunneling under the bed, looking for diamonds or something. It’1l freak me out. Rainbow Brite swings down from her stool, grabs Tucker’s and they leave. TUCKER (V.O.) (CONT’D) Without a tiny little second thought, she swung down from the stool, took my pinky in her tiny little sausage fingers and guided me out the door.
56) 2) dialog: Dude, it was Destiny! You remember; the midget stripper the professor was talking about in class yesterday! I went on Westlaw and found out where she worked before I picked up Aaron. Jeff and Aaron stare angrily and incredulously at Tucker. It clicks. A beat.
56) 3) dialog: What, you don't think that's funny?
56) 6) dialog: Jeff, how many people do you know who've fucked a midget? You don't think that's awesome?
56) 10) dialog: Dude, let me finish my story. It's not always about you. Jeff flips his shit and tries to hit Tucker across the ta crashing it to the ground. Aaron holds him back. Jeff sto out, cursing a blue streak. Tucker tries to interject.
59) 2) dialog: Dude, I just tried to take a shit. Nothing would come out. That never happens to me. I feel like Elvis just before his heart exploded.
59) 4) dialog: Whatever. You wanna play some ball?
59) 6) dialog: That place is dumb. Aaron doesn’t react and silence hangs for a beat.
59) 7) dialog: Hey, let me ask you something: is Jeff really pissed?
59) 9) dialog: What?
59) 11) dialog: I tried calling, but he doesn’t pick up. What’s his problem? 81 82.
59) 13) dialog: Fine, I’1l check into the hotel in Wilmington tomorrow, and just go up there and apologize to him and we can be done with this bullshit. Aaron gets up and hastily pulls his things together.
61) 3) dialog: Is Jeff here? He peers around Kristy and spots Jeff on the couch flippi channels, ignoring him.
61) 4) dialog: Can we talk? +e * HF 83. Jeff doesn’t respond. Tucker, looking a little lost for t first time, peeks expectantly at Kristy.
61) 5) dialog: (to Kristy) Can I come in? Kristy opens the door wider and Tucker walks in.
61) 6) dialog: Dude, Jeff, sorry. Jeff searches Tucker’s face for an extended beat.
61) 8) dialog: What should I do?
61) 10) dialog: I just did.
61) 12) dialog: What else am I supposed to say? I’m not a mind reader.
61) 14) dialog: I didn’t make him lie to you.
61) 16) dialog: That’s stupid. Protect me from what?
61) 19) dialog: Yeah, of course.
61) 21) dialog: I’m not invited?
61) 23) dialog: No way. What does Jeff say?
62) 0) text: Tucker emerges from the bridal suite. He looks like he’s mulling over his options. He pulls out his phone and dial INT. HOTEL ROOM —- SIMULTANEOUS 83 Candles lit. There’s a fruit tray and champagne. Aaron's setting up a PS2 for a GTA rematch. His tuxedo is hanging from the bathroom door. Lara is changing into comfortable clothes. His phone rings.
62) 2) dialog: What are you doing?
62) 4) dialog: Cool, let’s hang out, get some drinks. We can take the stripper dancing!
62) 6) dialog: Dude, just because you’re getting pussy doesn’t mean you should be a pussy. Let’s go out.
62) 8) dialog: What are you talking about?
63) 1) dialog: Well fuck ‘em if they can’t take a joke. I’m all the party I need.
64) 0) text: Tucker is flirting with a pair of girls at the
64) 2) dialog: Why would you own cats? Do you enjoy having big boxes of shit in your house?
64) 4) dialog: Does it not bother you how haughty they are? They could give a fuck about you.
64) 6) dialog: Right on cue. EVERY cat person says that. You know what's not like a regular cat? A fucking dog. 86. 84 85 bar. No one but Tucker laughs. He finishes his beer, and leave
64) 7) dialog: No need to thank me, your silent, awed adoration is it’s own reward. He’s pleased with himself until he realizes he 's the only one there alone. He looks around for an escape from the awkwardness and finds it in a girl with her face up to a near the front of the bar filled with cute little turtles
64) 8) dialog: What are you doing?
64) 12) dialog: Usually it's my misanthropic friend Aaron, then I pick the girl up on the rebound. But he's not here.
64) 14) dialog: I'm way past the beginning stages. I already hide liquor around the house and drink alone in the dark.
64) 16) dialog: No way. Drinking is highly underrated. Think about it: What are the detriments to being drunk?
64) 18) dialog: It hurts relationships with family and friends? I don't like my family and my friends drink as much as me. It causes long term health problems? I drive way too fast to worry about anything long term. It costs money? I'm going to spend it recklessly anyway, better on alcohol than drugs or pornography. Causes rude and aberrant behavior? I'm an asshole when I'm sober; being drunk actually calms me down. The girls look at each other in disgust.
64) 20) dialog: (gesticulating like Hacksaw Jim Duggan) Mongo angry! Mongo smash!
64) 25) dialog: That was going to be my question too! WHAT HOT GIRLS?! God bless your overworked heart.
64) 27) dialog: The only way I could cut you deep is with a battle axe and a running start. Tucker is completely taken with his quick wit. He turns t group of dudes behind him to share the joy.
64) 33) dialog: (motioning to the girls) This beer has been brought to you by the number 10. Standing side by side, he bursts into laughter again.
64) 35) dialog: Fuck you, Fatty!! Tucker walks off in a huff taking another pull from his b
64) 37) dialog: Slider, you stink.
64) 39) dialog: I don’t know what you’re worried about. This one should be in the bag. Only easy sluts make Top Gun references in public.
64) 43) text: Tucker puts his beer down and addresses only the girl. *
64) 44) dialog: This your boyfriend? He looks like * the type of guy who eats with one arm guarding his plate. He pushes Tucker to the ground and the bartenders separat them. Tucker grabs his beer and careens into the line for bathroom. He finds himself behind CONNIE, a fake-titted blonde MILF with a ring on her finger.
64) 45) dialog: So, are you actually married? Or do you just wear that to keep the douchebags away?
64) 47) dialog: How good is your marriage?
64) 49) dialog: Then what are you doing here?
64) 51) dialog: C'mon, isn’t that just code for “Let’s Get Drunk And Suck Off Hot Guys In the Bathroom”?
64) 53) dialog: Are you calling my mom a slut?
64) 55) dialog: Does your husband know you flirt * with men you meet in bars? * 86 Connie playfully pulls the beer from Tucker and takes a g sized drink. He grabs it back and pounds the rest. The bathroom door opens and Connie starts to go in.
64) 56) dialog: You're not going to invite me in?
64) 58) dialog: There’s a sink, isn’t there? Connie pulls him in and shuts the door. INT. BAR BATHROOM —- CONTINUOUS Connie is in the near stall. Tucker is pissing in the sin
64) 60) dialog: Only hot ones I want to sleep with.
64) 62) dialog: Baby, you're so hot, if I were dating you, I'd never leave the house. I'd never even leave your vaginal area, unless I was cumming on your face. Tucker finishes and zips up as Connie emerges from the st
64) 64) dialog: Please, I am going to hit it so hard, whoever pulls me out of you will become King of England. Tucker grabs her, pulls her into him, and swallows her fa gl. 86 87 88 92.
65) 0) text: Elevator doors open. Tucker and Connie are in the exact s position as the bathroom; eating each other’s faces. They stumbled out of the elevator and down the hall.
65) 1) dialog: Your tits are so hot. A loud gurgling sound emanates from Tucker’s abdomen and grimaces with discomfort.
66) 0) text: The room is dark. Tucker and Connie barge through the doo peeling clothes off, and turn on the light. A stronger wa of abdominal discomfort overtakes Tucker as one hits Conn
66) 1) dialog: Wait. I have to shit.
66) 3) dialog: What are you doing in there? CONNIE (0.s.) Nothing. Sounds of prodigious shitting fill the room, only adding Tucker's crescendoing pain.
66) 4) dialog: It doesn’t sound like nothing. Hurry up! CONNIE (0.s.) I'll be out in a second.
66) 5) dialog: Turn on the fan. Connie emerges from the bathroom and Tucker shoots up.
66) 8) dialog: What?! Connie moves past Tucker to collect her stuff.
66) 10) dialog: You clogged the toilet? You clogged a motherfucking hotel toilet! What kind of constipated meth-head bowel movement does it take to clog a
66) 12) dialog: Those things are designed to suck down third trimester shit babies, and you clogged it?! Is this what married life does to people!? .-+-and out the door unnoticed. He grips his abdomen and
66) 13) dialog: Oh no. Where’s another bathroom? Tucker dashes out.
67) 0) text: Tucker bursts out of the elevator, looks around frantical and sprints to the empty front desk. It’s 4 am. He hits t bell furiously for an obnoxiously long time until the sleeping clerk comes out.
67) 1) dialog: Is there a bathroom down here? 91 94.
67) 3) dialog: Which corner?! He spots a white door at one end of the lobby, quickly waddles to it holding his butt cheeks together, and burst through the door.
67) 6) dialog: Where is the bathroom! ?
67) 8) dialog: WHAT?! Uh...uh...DONDE ESTA EL
68) 0) text: Tucker bursts in. He’s completely shit himself. He steps of his pink boxers, shit puddle in the seat, and flings t blindly as he breaks into the first stall. 92 93 94 95 96 95.
69) 0) text: Tucker plops down on the seat and immediately slides off. ass is covered in slimy, runny feces still spouting black viscous human waste. He flushes, it overflows, and he fum out of the stall, sliding on his shit-covered socks. INT. NEXT BATHROOM STALL —- CONTINUOUS 93 Tucker collapses onto the seat until he finishes--exhaust dehydrated, and tearing up from the exertion. There's no toilet paper. Tucker takes off his shirt but discovers it covered in little specks of shit. INT. BATHROOM SINK AREA — CONTINUOUS 94 The large vanity mirror has a thick black streak from the ceiling to the countertop where his boxers are crumpled i ball. He peels off his shit-heavy socks and flings them i the direction of the boxers. One sticks to the mirror.
70) 0) text: Naked and covered in speckles of his own poop, Tucker sli out into the lobby.
70) 1) dialog: Who else on this earth could be having a worse night than me? Laid out before him is a trail of his own feces. It start wide at his feet and gets smaller until it apexes at the clunky white shoes of the small Mexican janitor.
70) 2) dialog: Sorry. I mean, uh, lo siento. Tucker walks defeated toward the elevators. The Lady Jani is sobbing hysterically.
71) 0) text: Waiting for the elevator, Tucker stares at himself in the reflective doors, looking into his own eyes and face...disappointed. He exhales deeply as the elevator arrives with a ding and the doors open. Through the glass of the elevator as it ascends, Tucker s why the janitor was crying hysterically. 97 98 99 96. There’s shit everywhere: on the couches, the walls, the plants, everywhere.
71) 1) dialog: God, I hope they serve beer in hell.
72) 0) text: Jeff and Kristy have their backs to us. The last groomsma not dressed the same as the rest, because he took Tucker' place at the 11th hour. They finish the ceremony and turn down the aisle. Jeff's black eyes and swollen brows are smeared in DermaBlend. Sweating from nerves, Jeff's face looks like someone pissed on a chalk painting.
73) 0) text: Tucker looks a little bleary-eyed but he’s freshly shower and hastily yanking on his tuxedo. The room service menu open on the bed and he’s on the room phone. *
73) 1) dialog: Yeah. Yeah. I know. I don’t care. * The biggest one you got. ASAP. Now! * Tucker hangs up as he zips his fly, done getting dressed.
75) 0) text: The maid of honor is finishing her speech. Tucker slides quietly and settles against the bar. He whispers somethin the bartender, who nods, and sneaks him some money.
75) 3) dialog: What?!
75) 6) dialog: Who has a cash bar at a wedding? Tucker reluctantly pays as we ANGLE BACK on the best man.
75) 10) dialog: (to Jeff's brother) Gimme that mic, Sling Blade.
75) 11) text: (into the mic) Some of you may not know me, my name is Tucker Max. Jeff is my best friend. Or at least was, until last week when I took advantage of his kindness and loyalty. I forced him into lying to Kristy, dragged him two hours away, got him abusively drunk, and then ditched him to sleep with a midget stripper. I am the reason that, on the most important day of his life, Jeff's face looks like a melted Barbie doll's. Kristy’s mother is nearly apoplectic. Jeff, holding back building fury, scoots his chair out to get up, but Kristy puts her hand on his leg to stop him and keep him seated.
75) 12) dialog: The worst part is that I didn't know I was doing anything wrong. I was just doing what I’ve always done; which is pretty much whatever the hell I want. And to be honest, it's worked out pretty well for me up to about 24 hours ago. When my selfishness finally caught up with me and cost me Jeff’s friendship, and my invitation to his wedding. Aaron and Lara look at each other.
75) 13) dialog: Still, I shrugged it off and went out anyway. I won't bore you with the particulars but the long and short of it is, I got drunk and ended the night sprinting across the hotel lobby, uncontrollably shitting my pants. Gasps across the audience.
75) 14) dialog: No really, I crapped all over the lobby. And following my selfish pattern, I left the mess and went back to my room like nothing happened. More gasps. + eH + eH 99.
75) 15) dialog: The only thing that prevented me from passing out in a pile of my own puke was all the knocking at my door.
76) 0) text: Tucker opens his hotel room door, to see the maid, eyes s red with tears.
76) 1) dialog: It was the hotel maid. A mop and bucket in her hands that she thrusts at Tucker. TUCKER (V.O.) (CONT’D) Staring into her angry, overworked face, I had a moment of clarity: Someone else always cleans up my mess, and for the past few years, it's been Jeff.
77) 1) dialog: At three in the morning, on my knees, literally cleaning up my shit for the first time in my adult life, I finally understood what an amazing person Jeff is, and how lucky I am...was...to call him my friend. Tucker turns to look at Jeff and Kristy with real sinceri choking up a little.
77) 2) dialog: Jeff, Kristy, I hope you can accept my sincere apology. When I came to your hotel room last night to say sorry, I honestly didn't understand what I was apologizing for. But over the past 24 hours, it's hit me like, well, like ten pounds of slippery shit. I've been a horrible friend. And even though I probably don't deserve to have either of you in my life, I had to come here to tell you that and to ask you for your forgiveness.
77) 4) dialog: I know this will probably scare the crap out of most of you, but I hope to have kids someday. I am sure I will only have daughters, and they will all be vicious sluts who sleep with assholes just like me and then throw it in my face. But such is karma. If one is a boy, though, I will consider myself a huge success as a father if he grows up to be half the man that Jeff Smith is right now. ANGLE ON the room. Expressions have softened, the room is quiet, some still unsure what to think. ANGLE ON Aaron an Lara.
77) 6) dialog: Jeff, I have never thanked you, never acknowledged you, never really even thought about it. I just took from you, dude. I’m really sorry. And for once, I want to give you something back. Tucker motions to the bartender, who flips a set of switc that pull back the drapes on the bay windows behind the h table, revealing a huge bouncy castle on the lawn. KRISTY’S MOTHER Oh no.
78) 1) text: 103 101. Tucker dances with the grandma, flirts with girls, tells hilarious story as the center of attention. Aaron refuses dance despite Lara’s seductive stripper moves.
79) 0) text: Jeff, Kristy, Aaron, and Tucker are standing at the bar a the end of the night, ties undone, just the four of them. They look content.
79) 2) dialog: Thank you. You deserve it. I owe you and Jeff.
79) 6) dialog: Oh yeah.
79) 8) dialog: I tried, but her vagina was too shallow. Physics were all wrong.
79) 10) dialog: Oh yeah.
79) 12) dialog: Well, the maid did show up at my room with a mop and a bucket. But you guys have known me for many years. What do you think Tucker would do?
80) 0) text: Tucker opens the door. The maid, eyes still red with tear thrusts a mop at him. He refuses it. She thrusts it at hi again. He pulls out a $20 bill. She refuses. He pulls out another $20. She accepts them and Tucker closes the door.
81) 3) dialog: It’s not all bullshit. I don’t need to actually clean up the mess to learn the lesson.
81) 5) dialog: I'll be right back. Tucker breaks for the cute blind girl as we...