0) 8) text: Ee pulls the covers back over his head, Dim. VESTISULE - (DAW!) Holly, waiting for the answering buzzer that will Telease the lock, is dealing with Mr, Azbuck who is more o> less nuzzling her neck,
2) 1) text: Holly locks the door and turms inso the room. A large red cat comes up and rubs against her legs. She bends down to stroke him. ‘
2) 2) dialog: Belle, Cat, Thanks for waiting up. She goes acréss the room into =
3) 8) dialog: That's okay. Go ahead. I've had mine. Really... The cat begins to lan up the milk, Holly yawns, and starts for the bedroom, unzipping the zipper that runs most cf the way down the back of her cress as she does so. The dress dross to she floor anc the camera pans with it. She leaves the dress where it falls.
5) 0) text: Begin on close shot of the cat esleep in Holly's falian evening areas. The buzzer sounds. The cat's nead peps up. Pan to open bedroom door anc move into - . cuT, HOLLY'!S DARZENED SEDROOM The blinds hears been drewn against the eaylight. The bedroom (or whet we can sse oF 43) is unfurnishec in the seme manner as tha living room except for an elaborate double bed. The duzzer sounds ea second time and Holly's heaé eriszses from the sea of tillows. She has om a sie*p mask anc sar plugs. Ste mumbles an unintellisitle srotast and sinks tack, The buzzer eS Raluctamsiy she sits up anc She sighs amc a bare a= der the ted. The
6) 0) text: Holly struggles into the dress shirt, havis herselz- out of bad and makes her way into -
6) 3) dialog: Quite all right...Could haspen to amyone...very frequently does eseWall, goodricht...
6) 7) text: (Cont'd) PAUL (Cont'd) favor..eif I could just use your phonGee. Holly, now wide awake, sighs.
6) 20) dialog: I mean, be 12 faust have to wait tL e belomes to somebody. We don't belong vo each other. We just tock up ty she river one day. He's an inderendent and sc am i... (Indicating room) I don't evenwant to own anything until I've found a place where me and things go together. I'm not sure where that is. Sut I ikmow what it's like. It's like Tiffarcy's... Path (Amused) You mean the jewelsy store?
6) 25) dialog: Well, when I ges it, the only thing shat does amy gooé is to jump ina cad and go to Tiffany's. Tb calms me down wight away, The quietness ang the proud look of it. Nothing very bad could happen to you thers. Not with those Icind men in their nice suits, and that lovely smell of silver and alligator wallets... She suddenly becomes aware that she bas been rambling HOLLY (Cont'd) I'm sorry. You wanted something. - what was it? Oh, yes. The phone... She hands {t to bim, He takes it ang, starts to cial. PAUL . It's just that someone was supposed . So meet me here,..this is ten o'clock a. ¢ Thursday morning, isn't it? I just fell off a plane frem Rome anc...
7) 0) text: SE CAMERA IS SEOOTING OVER Holly's bare shoulders, into the mirror as she frantically brushes her teeth.
7) 6) text: + (Continued) mw 35. Ge22-60 ‘EREARTAST AT TIFFINY'S 15. (Cont'd) Paul, down on his hands and lmees, reacts rathe> violently to the words: Sing Sins. PauL Sing Sing? Holly dashes out cf the bathroom, fetchingly attired in a halfeslip which is pulled up to the arm-pits.
7) 18) dialog: I don't knew if I should even discuss it... but...well they never told me not to tell anyone...only you've got to cross your heart and kiss your elbow...
7) 30) text: BREAKFAST AT TIFFANT'S 1g. (Cont'd) HOLLY (Cont'd) at Elmer's or somewhere and had admired me a la distance so wouldn't? it be a good Geed i: 1 went to visit him once a week. Well, I couldn't say no. it was too romantic...
7) 34) dialog: - You were a darling to help. I could never have done it without you... ~ Pau It was @ pleasuve, really. Call on me any time. I'm right upstairs. Or I will be as goon as I get moved in. By this time they have moved through the living room and out into -
7) 36) dialog: Well, Ur. O'Shaughnessy ¢coes. As soon as I meet bim and give him the weather report.
8) 11) dialog: (Her eyebrows going up ever so slightly) Bow do you does. Zz Eow do you ds... (Then, to Paul) Darling, let me look at you.. Wes the flish+ absolutely gha:
9) 20) text: Prem delow comes the sound of a cresn. Buc the susic stops, ir. UY. triumphantly closes bis decor. Pea BREAZFAST AT TIFFANT'S . 2s, 435. EXT. FOLLY'S FIRE ESCAPE -° (NIGHT) Te camera is shooting through the window inte Holly's bathroom. There is the sound of another crash. The bathroom door opens and Eolly enters, wearing an evening dress. She quickly locks the door behind her. Tere is still another crash, She shrugs, sighs a little - she is, however, more amused than alarmed, then opens the window and climbs out onto the fire escape, closing the window behind her. The camera follows her as she climbs the fire escape, mounting te -
12) 2) dialog: It's all right. It's only me...
12) 6) dialog: Pretty soon he'll get tired anc go to sleep. He certainly should anyway. Eight martinis before dinner and enough wine to wash an elephant... look,*you can throw me out if you want so...5ut you éi2 look so cosy in here weeand your decorater friend bad gone home...2! it was beginning to get cold ous there cn the balcon... (Continued)
12) 30) dialog: Too dirty?
12) 36) dialog: Lately since 1956?
12) 40) dialog: Do you write every day?
12) 49) dialog: OF course...
12) 51) dialog: ‘I'm trying to save. But I'm not very good at it. You go look a lot like my brother Fred... She comes over and sits down on the edge of the bed.
12) 58) dialog: a be fourethirty! It just The first Light is beginning to filter into she room. Holly, suddenly looks terribly young anc terribly tired...like a transparent child.
12) 60) dialog: (Sleepiiy) It's all right...really it is. We're friends, that's all. If you were older and richer and not as nice, then maybe it'd be different.. we ere friends, aren't we?
12) 62) dialog: Okay..emnow let's don't say another word... slet's just go-to sleepece He leoks down at her...in a moment she is almost asleep. Moving gently he reaches over to turn out the lamp, Morning begins to fi11 she room. in her sleep mow, Eolly stizs and holés ois amma.
12) 75) text: » (Comt'd) Ee bangs up the phone. With a vaguely resolute air he sits down at the desk, lights a cigarette and pulls the typewriter to him. He jams in a piece of paper and then suddenly realizes there is no ribbon. Se gets up again and, then, suddenly sees Eolir's present, He slowly and carefully unwraps it. I+ contains an Olivetti typewriter ribbon. He arins, goes back to the desk and attempts to sut it into fhe machine, He is totally unsuccessful. Maybe he's just out of practice. With a sigh of resig- nation he gives up. From the window come the in- vitiag SOUNDS of Solly's cocktail party. Ee strugsles briefly with himself, loses, gets up, wipes nis hands, straightens his tie and heads for the door. He stops, goes back, takes a copy of his book from the shelf - takes out a pen, auto- graphs it to Holly and goes out.
12) 83) dialog: Okey. But just remember, i'm bis agent, He's already got a deconator = put I'm his agent. . Od. Well, okay, Fradebaby...
13) 0) text: The party has now spreac into the bedroom. Through the door we can see two enthusiastic gentlemen tipping Holly into her dress. Once safely zipped Holly moves (AND TEE CAMERA FOLLGWS HER) out inte the gathering bedlam. There follow several SECIS of the party fron various angles, Holly turning the phonegraph up even louder. Paul picking his way across the room to the bar. O.J. shaking bis head and taking a pill. Mere guests arriving. Faul, having finally got a drink, picking bis way back to his corner. He arrives there at the Same time as Holly whe has come from the opposite direction.
13) 5) dialog: Well really, derling. Eow else is a sirl going te get to meet new people? From she docrmway comes a high-pitched, female voice. A Dighecitchec southern lemals veice with a rather Setenhing stutver. (Sentinued) 62. 63. bi. BREAKFAST AT TIFTANY'S ui. (Cont'd)
13) 8) text: INT. DOORWAY ~ PAUL & HOLLY'S Pov = (LaTE arTSanocy) Mag Wildwood, the owner of ths voice, is a fashion model, well over six feet tall in her spiked heels. With her are two gentlemen: Jose Ybarra-Jaegar, a wildly hendsome Latin with the lock of a shy bull fighter; and Rusty Trawler, a middle-aged child who has never quite shed his baby fat. There is not a suspicion of a bone in his body. Mag is shouting greetings to one and all. : INT. PAUL & HOLLY - (LATE aPI=Rwoow) “ HOLLT Mag Wildwood. She's a model, believe it or not.. And a thumping bere. But just look what she's brought with her!
14) 1) dialog: (Sotto) I don't mean bin! I mean the othe> one. :
15) 1) dialog: Don't you Imow who he is? You must have seen his picture at least! He's Rusty Trawler... Paul looks blank,
15) 2) dialog: Busty Trawler: He happens to be “the minta richest man under fifty- five in dmerica...
15) 4) dialog: . Darling, I keep Srack of these things! Wow, you juss stand wall back anc watch... Holly squares her shoulders and moves repidly to the doorway to greet her mew guests. » HOLLY : Mag, darling! I'm so glac you Gropped in...
15) 9) dialog: Ode, Will you get Miss Wildwood a az eee 0.7, obliges, leading her off. Holly looks after her, sighs sadly and says to Jose and Rusty:
15) 10) dialog: Itts really very sad. And so mysterious, Youtd think it would” show more. But heaven knows, she looks healthy... With which, she takes Rusty's arm:
15) 11) dialog: Come on, Mr. Trawler, let's ses what we can get for you... Rusty giggles foolishly as she leads him off, Paul locks helplessly around, considers trying to get himsel? ance ther drink, decides against it and instead, unobtrusively leaves the room. : . . .
17) 0) text: Holly and Paul seated next to each other in the cay coach. Zolly thumps a fashion magazine. Paul is engrossed in her note book. After & moment Holly locks up. :
17) 5) dialog: Fred..e
17) 7) dialog: If you and I ever get married, promise me that Sally will be there to give the bride away... PauL I thought he was in there twenty- years-torlite...
17) 8) dialog: Well, I don't. dmagine we'll be getting married mich before then amywayes.do you? .
17) 10) dialog: That's right...We'tre both,..reaching for the sky, I guass...but it's nice that we can go along part of the way at least...vogetberess The reythn of the train has begun to inéuce a certain relaxed elmost dreamlike quality, Paul fails in with ite PacvL Two parallel lines...that never TET ewes
17) 21) text: Be smiles tack. FPantomimes the suitar strumming and mouths the words: "Very nice..." =xt, HOLLY ON FIRE ESCAPE - (LATE AFTERNOON) Holly smiles, raises her eyebrows questioningly and menths: "What about you?”
25) 0) text: Paul bursts into the apartment. A single light burns. ‘She fire escape window is open and the curtains are | blowing. Holly, her hair disheveled and wearing a raincoat is pouring herself a drink.
25) 5) dialog: Iwant you to come to the bus station with us..oc and me. Path What? ee : BREAZFAST AT TIFFANT'S él. Lol. (Cont!d)
25) 6) dialog: I lmow it's late and everything... She pours herself another drink. HOLLY (Cent 14) He still thinks I'm going back ~ with him...I need support. I den's think I can play the scene alone...
25) 8) dialog: Please, Fred. I'll tell him you're coming down to see us off... Be starts to pretest further, but she stops him. HOLLY : . Don't say anything. Just meet us out front...in about five minutes... please! . With which she kisses him quickly on the cheek, finishes ot . the rest of her drink in a nervous gulp and goes qui ly out the window and dewn she fire escape. Paul watches her go, pours himself a fast drink which he belts down, shakes his head and.begins to put om his jacket.
25) 13) dialog: Let's just walk together quietly... and I'll try to help you wderstand... Come on, Fred. Eelp me talk to him.
25) 20) dialog: Fred? In February? That's only... : : . (Ske counts rapidly on her fingers) oo 000.6 tWO... Shree. Four months...Oh, Doc... . Doc So you see, you got to come back, Lulamae. Your place is with your husband and your churren and your brother.
25) 21) dialog: Doe, you got to understanc...2 can't come back. bec And you got to understand what I'm trying to tell you. he final call for the tus echoes over the scene. boc (Continuing) If you don't come Sack with me... fim going to write to Fred anc tell Sim less he wants to look cus for bimsel’ ne better sign up for another Riveh. gp BREARFAST AT TOFFAanz's 6h. 102. (Cont'd)
25) 23) dialog: Please, Doc, stop calling me that! I'm not Lulamae anymore... Doc All right, Lulemae...I guess you know what you're doing... / (fo Paul) ~ Eeep an eye on her, will you, son? At least see that she sats something ones in @ while...she's so skinny... He turns end quickly boards the bus. In a moment his’ face appears at a window. |.
25) 26) text: i 102. 103. Lok. b=22+50 BREARPAST AT TIFFANZ'S $5. Cont'd) HOLLY (Cont'd) thing is a drink. Yes, I very, very mich need a drink. Come on, Pred, will you buy me one...
25) 31) dialog: iverce him? Of course I never divorced him! i was only fourteen for Pete's sake! It couldn’t pos- sibly have been lecal! Darling, could we have two more of these ' glorieus things?
25) 38) text: BREARPAST aT TIFFANY'S 66. (Cont'd) HOLLy Dec mist be in the Blue Mountains by now.
25) 44) dialog: Dear Doc...aiways remember, it better to look at she sky then live shere, Such an empty piace... the sky...dust a country where thunder goes anc shines disappear... A DRUM ROLL (of she sort that generally eccompanies bumps anc grind nds) attracts her wanderin ton to the stage. Ske renoves her scx glasses for a better pook. They doth ssucy tbe yous “Laey fom a moment or wwe.
26) 7) dialog: Old Sally Tomato, That's my candy store, And I'm always going to keep Sally so that's wry I'd be richer than she is.
26) 11) dialog: 'Twenty-One!' .,,world famous rendez- vous of the great,..mesting place of the famous.,,hammt of movie stars... account executives and... (Considers for a moment ) : eeeinternational polo players... Shall we pop in for a quick one... dust to see who's there... PAUL . . I think better not. Personally, not. being an international pelo player...are you surs polo players?
26) 19) dialog: wo so my dariitng rrec, I have this might mace a very sexious Gecision...no longer will I piay "™he Field",.."The Fielded" stinks... both economically ancé socially... and lam giving it up... TEE CAMERA moves with them as they meuns the steps and enter the « . BREARPAST aT TIFFANT'S 70.
26) 26) dialog: As Miss Golightly was saying before she was so rudely interrupted.,.Mias Golightly further announces her tention to devote her not-inconsi- derable talents to the inmediate capture, for the purposes of matrimony, of M. Rutherford Rusty" to his friends, of whom I am sure-he has many) Trawler...”
26) 62) text: Ee ia quite clearly apologizing for walking her and in general making very eloquent "Let's bury the hatehet" moises, However, as in their first meeting, because she still has her ear pings in, his lips move in Silence, Holly struggles dimly to make out what he is saying, toys briefly with the idea that she has gone deaf overnight then, remembers and removes her ear plugs. Pani comes in LOUD and CIZAR and in mide sentence.
26) 76) text: They doth look at the photograph a moment nore. , ” HOLLY Wouléa's you know a girl who looks idke thet would be a steamship heiress, whatever that is? Woulda't it de woncéerful sthoush, if she's really broke too. if they were (Sonsinued) st ERSAKFAST AT TIF
26) 83) dialog: ALl right..,I think there's some champagne in the ice box...wLy don's you open it while I get dressec? Be goes tc the icetdex end takes out the champagne. $-22-60 (Continued) ov 123. i124. 125. 6-22-60 .
27) 0) text: It 4s a clear, sunny fall morning, brisk and beautiful. The kind of day thet inspires such cliches as: "God, how I love New York in the fall." Holly amd Paul are walking band in hand down the Averue.
27) 1) dialog: I've never been for a welk in the morning before. At least not since Itve been in New York. I've walked up Fifth Avenue et six but as far as I'm concerned that's still night. So do you think it counts?
28) 0) text: Holly stops anc leads him to the store wincow.
28) 3) dialog: Tiffany's. I do. And it's not that I give a hoot about jewelry. Except diamonds of course. (She points at a dtemond necklace in the window) Like thet.
28) 13) dialog: All right...but Tiffany's is pretsy expensive...
28) 33) dialog: Well, ub...as toothpicks go... it certainly is handsome tut... You do understanc? SALESMAN. Ido. Personally, spesking only for myself of course, I must say I find the very concept of a solid gold toothpick scomewhat...repelient. Path What else could you show us?
28) 45) dialog: To Paul) Didn's I tell you this was a icvely ’ place, 3 Impulsively she isanms across the counter end kisses the salesman on the cheek, He is rather more pleased by this than shocked,
28) 49) dialog: Waere are we going?
28) 57) dialog: That's two for me! Come on, Letts foes. They mount gaily up the steps.
29) 1) dialog: Leek! Isn't it marvelous! There you are right in the Public Library: "Varjak, Paul. NIZE STORIES." And shen a lot of mumbers, You think they really have the book itself? Live? Paul grins, pulls out the card and starts towards the cage.
29) 5) dialog: This is exciting. They go up to the cage,
29) 6) dialog: (To librarian) Number twenty-seven please, STORTES by Varjak, Paul, The librarian wordlessly hands her the book.
29) 7) dialog: (Very chatty) Did yee ever read it? It’s absolutely marvelous...
29) 14) dialog: (To Paul) Go ahead. Don't be so stuck up! Autograph it for then, . Pacl, suddenly amusec, gets over his embarrassment and falls inte the spirit of the game, “PAUL All right. What do you think I> should say? . .
29) 23) dialog: tused to, I mean I bad to. IF I wanted anything, But I still do it every now and then. Sort of to keep my hand in.
29) 25) dialog: Come om. Don‘? be chicken. Anyway you've never cone it, and it's your turn. Paul allows himself to be lead into < is 131. 132. 5-22-60 BREAZPAST AT TIFFANY’S gi.
30) 0) text: Ags it is October, Halloween masks end veer purpkins are featured, This sequence, played entirely without dialogue, should be acted and photographed exactly as if i¢ were the climax of RITIFI. It starts as a game but gradually builds its own, very genuine tension. Paults fear of public é¢isgrace if they are detected is enough to give the whole thing a very real edge. Eolly is cleerly the leader, Eer eyes zo ereftily from side to side, casing the store. Sweat begins to break out on Paul's forehead. Holly indicates with her eyes that they will try for a bowl of goldfish, Paul, terrified, pantomimes that this is really soo ambitious, Holly stalks the goldfish, indicating in pantomime that Paul will conceal them, powl of water and all, under his jacket. She edges closer and closer to the goldfish. As she is about to strike she feels tne steely eye of a floorewalke> upon her. Paul and Holly (overeacting violently) pantomime extreme innocence and move on. They head toward 4 counter where the attention of the salesgirl is held by a group of nuns trying on Zalloween mesks, Moving with great daring and purity of line, Holly selects & mask and puts it on, She selects another and puts it om Paul. Sy this time Paul is ready to mum for it. Bis eyes, throush the mask, show panic. Holly studies him for a’moment. She is clearly dissatisfied with the selection, She removes his mask and replaces it with a different one. Satisfied now, she takes his hand and they walk casually toward the door. The tension mounts, but they make their getaway. A moment later they-are safely on -.-
31) 0) text: Paul closes the door gently behind them. For a moment they stand loolctng at each other through their maska. Their laughter gradually subsides. There is a sudden moment of what is almost awkwardness. They are standing very clese together now. The silence 8 finally broken by Holly. Her voice is very small deed. HOLLY . I just thought of something that neither of us has ever done. At least not together... *Still wearing the masks, they move easily and sénderly into each others arms.
41) 0) text: Paul quickens his pace, breaks into a trot anc catches up with her. As he comes abreast of her both he and THE CAMERA see that it is mot Holly. Disappointed, he continues to walk down Fifth Avenue. DISSOLVE To:
41) 7) text: Ee moves quietly around the table and drops into an empty seat directly across from her. Ee watches her for a moment before he speaks. ~ PAUL’ * (Walspering) EL..., . Holly looks up startled. She stares uncomprehendingly at him. Then an expression of panic Zlickers across her face. A moment later she is back in control.
41) 8) dialog: (Whispering) . _ What do you want?
41) 29) dialog: Jose Ybarra-Jaeser. Mag Wildwood's friend. You met him. The one who came to the perty with Rusty. It turns out he's not only handsome wut rich too. Ané since Fred...
42) 19) dialog: I tried everything...called people, asked arcund, then suddenly I thought of looking in the phone book. Anyway, I'm glad you could come. He moves into the room. They are a little shy and uneasy with each cther, almost like strangers.
42) 23) dialog: I know. I've read three of your stories...two in TSE NEW YORAEA vand one in that Sunny Livtle magazine. I liked the ones in TSE NEW YORKER...the other one... THE GIRL FROM THE CITY or whatever it was called.
42) 27) text: PauL : Look, Holly, what's this about? Why did you want to see me? .
42) 30) dialog: Itm leaving for Rio tomorrow. . I have the plane ticket right here. (Pause ) : I've already said goodbye to old Saliy. I-thought he'd be upset, but he wasn't. He seid it was just as well...there - migst be trouble...
42) 40) dialog: Well, yes.. On different planes, of course, He doesn't think it would lock right for us-to be travelling together, His famtiy is very important in Rio. So he has to worry about things Like that. . : > Paul has followed he> into the kitchenette and is watching her feverish activity with interest.
42) 42) dialog: I thought I'd cook dinner for us. Don't look so nervous. Jose says I'm.better than the Colony. It's really amazing...three months ago I couldn't scramble egss...0f course, Iostdiil can't. I just can't seem to get the hang of really simzle dishes...steak...salad...cnings like that absolutely baffle me...3ut... Paul removes a pot from Holly's hand. Then he takes her by the shoulders and surms he> soward Rim. They stand very clese together in the steamy kitchenstte.
42) 47) dialog: Look, I kmow what you think. And I don't blame you, Itve always thrown out such a jazzy line. But really...except for Doc...and you..-dose is my first non-rat Pomence, Oh, not that he's my ideal of the absolute finito. He tells little lies and worries about. what people think and he wants to be the President of Brazil...I mean it's such a useless thing for a grown man to want to be...and he takes about fifty baths a day...2 think a man should smell...at least a little bit. No, he's too prim and cautious +o be my absolute ideal. If I were free to choose from anybody . alive...just snan my fingers and say - ‘Come hers, youl"...2 wouldn't pick Jose. Nehru masbe...or Adlai Steven- son or Sidney Poitier or Leonard Bernstein,..but I do love Jose, Tf honestly think I'd give up smoking if he asked me tol During this her mood has somehow changec. She turas off the oven anc dries her bands.
42) 48) dialog: Suddeniy, I dom't feel so much like cooking. Could we go out somewhere? PatL Sure. I'll buy you a farewell dinner. ” ROLLY That would be fun. As long as it's someplace I can go like this. Paul eyes the Diue jeans and sweat shirt, 6-22-66
42) 55) dialog: Present for you... Path Wheat is it? . HOLLY . A box 62 Joss Sticks. . . | Pamn % are Joss Sticks?
42) 56) dialog: Weo kmows? That's what it says. Look, "Joss...Sticks."
42) 60) text: BRSAZFAST AT TIFFANZ'S tlk. (Cont'd) HOLLY . This was a nice idea, New York's mot a town you can just up and leave... without saying a proper goodby to...
42) 62) dialog: Years from now, yeers and yaars, one of those ships will bring me back...ms and my mine Brazilian brats,..they'll be dark liks Jose, of course...but with bright green beautiful eyes...I'll bring them back all right...because they ost see this...these lights...ths river 02208 IT love New York! -
42) 64) dialog: Come om, it's late,. I'm leaving. tomorrow anid I haven't even begun to pack. She takes his arm and they start moving back toward the Manhattan side,
42) 65) dialog: I dontt feel like walking anymore. Let's see if we can gst a cab,
42) 69) dialog: {Stepping bim) No, wait a minute..,i've trans= ferred my business. She points te Paul's old card slot, ‘TE CAMERA PANS so that we can see the new card which reads: ™r, Quaintance Smith.”
42) 84) dialog: (Brushing her arm away) Lady, you touch me again and T‘ll break your am... - Por an answer the lady cop slaps her hard across the face, From outside now we can EEAR an approaching police SIREN. Paul and Holly are being tustled Soward the door. As she. passes Mr, Yunieshi, Eolly catches him by the lapel.
43) 0) text: The newspapers have epparently been tipped off and a mumber of reporters are om Band. The police car pulls wp and Holly and Paul are hustled out, still protesting. A second police car pulls up behind them and Mr. O'Shaughnessy, Saliy Tomato's three hundred pound lawyer, is bundled out, Amid the popping flashbulos, Holly spots him.
43) 1) dialog: Mr. O'Shauchnessy! What are you ing-nere? - — O'SEAUGEnESSY Oh shut up! - . FEPORTER . {To Holly) . Is it .true you.carried messages from Tomato in code?
43) 4) dialog: Simply do not ask me what this is all about... parce-cue, je ne . sais pas, mes cheres. .
43) 7) dialog: Mr, Tomato never mentioned narcotics to me! It makes me furious the way these wretched people keep persecuving Bim. He's a deeply sensitive person... A darling old man...
53) 0) text: It Ls reining quite bard, Bucking the wind and rain Paul makes his way down to - 198. EXT. HOLLY'S WeNpow - (DAY) The pane of glass is still broken. He reaches through, vanmlocks the window and enters - :
56) 4) dialog: What? For an answer Paul grabs her arm and together they run through the rain and get into - 20h. T. CAR = (DAT)
56) 9) dialog: Goode (fo Driver) Idlewild airport, driver.
56) 25) dialog: All right, so he's ‘net really e guper-ras...co7 even a regular Tat... he's just a scared little mouse... . bus oh, gee, golly, dam... She jams her fist into her mouth and begins to cry.
56) 29) dialog: Et pourcuoi pas? I'm not hotefooting 4t after Jose, if thet's what you think, No, as far as I'm concerned hets the future President of Nowhere. It's only, why should I waste a perfectly good plane ticket? Besides, I've never been to Brazil... Holly reaches for her suitcase, opens it and takes out a dress.
56) 30) dialog: ‘ Please, darling, don't sit there - As she head, looking et me like that. I'm going and that's all there is to it, Really you know, I haven’s much choice...and what do I-have to lose...except for the nickels put up for bail...bless O.J.'s heart..,anyway, omce on the coast I helped him win more than ten thousand in-one poker hand. So I figure we're square... . : talks she is pulling her sweatshirt over her FOLLY (Cont'd) New all they want from me are ny services es a state's witness against Sally. Nobody has any dntention of prosecuting me...to begin with they haven't a ghost of a@ chance...Sut even so... She pulls the dress on over her head, then removes the blue jeans under it. Then she finds a pair of shoes and the dressing operation is mow complete.
56) 34) dialog: (Te the Chaufferr) Stop here!
57) 5) dialog: You coming? ‘PATE I don's think so. No...
57) 6) dialog: All right then...you can take off too! She starts to close the door. Paul catches i¢ and holds it open.
57) 8) text: She opens the box and sits staring at the ring. The car sterts anc pulls away. 207, Ext sTRE=T - (Dar) / Paul stands watehing the departing car. The rain has stopped now and patches of blue are beginning to show between the clouds. At the corner the limousine stops for a lishs. faddenly she door opens and Holly jumps out. She is running back toward his across the wet sidewalk. In 2 moment they are in each other's arms. Then she pulls away. 6-22-60 ( Continued) 207. BREAZPAST AT TIFPANy's 132. (Cont'd)
57) 11) dialog: (To Panl, after a moment) Qh, darling... (But there are no words for it)