2) 1) dialog: (0.S.)
2) 2) text: What'd you stop it for? Sitting in the middle of the theater is DANNY. He’s a fif year old kid, 5/4", sandy brown hair, a little bit scruff
2) 3) dialog: Hey, Les... The theater is almost empty. A few homeless people sleep seats near the back. SUDDENLY, the back doors to the theater fling open and th lights blaze on. Through the doors at the end of the long aisle strides LESTER, THE PROJECTIONIST. °@ “@ "3 y handsome face, hidden behind A pin cn his shirt bears the insignia of the . "THE ASMODEUN".
2) 6) dialog: Les, why’d you stop it? The Projectionist taps Danny on the shoulder.
2) 9) dialog: What... He grips Danny by the shoulders and leads him, back and f staring at the screen.
2) 11) dialog: What is that? The Projectionist reaches out. His hand seens to disappea into the screen. 8
2) 13) dialog: Shit. What about EXTREMELY VIOLENT thig weekend?
2) 15) dialog: Excellent, I’ll be here. Lester watches on as Danny walks up the long aisle, heads through the lobby and out into... ar Ee
3) 0) text: ...The world of NEW YORK’S TIMES SQUARE. It’s one of those hot summer nights in the city when the feels like subway backdraft flying up in your face. On these blocks the action never stops. Everyone is selli something: Smokes, chicks, chains, incense, and I.D.‘s, a every gambler, creep, and junkie in the city wants a part it. Danny makes his way through the threatening gauntlet of c fiend solicitors. He’s not exactly at ease with the situation, but at least somewhat used to it. He finally reaches the UPTOWN subway entrance, and descen the stairs into the dark station below. - ar B
4) 0) text: Danny lives in a white brick apartment building, modern b Post-War standards, just ugly and grimy by today’s. ar E INT. DANNY’S BUILDING ~= He steps off the elevator and heads down the long hallway apartments to his own. As quietly as possible, he slips i his keys and gently pushes open the door. ° Ne Te
4) 2) text: Danny’s face, annoyed. Kitchen spills out into the hallway. awake, and she’s not alone.
4) 7) text: You’ve got to tell me how it goes. and heads directly down the hall towards his room. Danny’s He slams the decor shut with a BANG, As he passes the kitchen a voice calls out behind him. It his MOTHER, a tired woman in her mid-forties.
4) 9) dialog: (not even turning around) What? : :
4) 11) dialog: Iwas at the movies.
4) 13) dialog: I don’t know. Looks like you were having a good time. He walks toward his room.
4) 15) dialog: Figure it cut, Mom. Danny walks into his room and shuts the door, leaving his Mother standing alone in the hallway. af Es
5) 0) text: The next morning. It’s hot as hell again. ‘It’s just afte Mine, but it’s already 85 degrees. DANNY meanders down 96 street towards
6) 0) text: Danny walks down a long, sterile, hallway. He comes to a door, pushes it open...
6) 21) dialog: . (startled) I’m awake, I’m awake...
6) 23) dialog: what?
6) 26) dialog: Uh, yeah. I’m real sorry. (shuffling nervously) I gotta get to my next class. Danny hustles out the door. ar &
7) 5) dialog: No...I don’t have one. is ‘@
7) 10) text: Danny waits impatiently for the traffic light to change. Then, from behind, the KID taps him on the shoulder.
7) 13) dialog: I don’t have any money. Danny crosses the street quickly, cutting his way through 16 ‘@
7) 14) text: Danny togs East on 42nd street, his book bag flapping hea against his back. He passes the old New York Movie Houses The Selwyn, Cine Harris, Cine 42, and glances back nervou over his shoulder. All’s clear as he slows down right out the front entrance to the decrepit old, Asmedeun.
7) 16) dialog: (struggling) Get off...Get off of me. Danny can‘t break free. The Kid shoves him into the alley behind The Asmodeun and slams him up against the wall.
7) 19) dialog: (through angry tears) Goddamnit! The kid is almost out of the alley when the side door to theater opens and THE PROJECTIONIST, leaning on a@ walkin cane, appears before him. The kid quickens his pace and i about to slip by when,
7) 27) text: THE PROJECTIONIST picks up the loose money and heads towa Danny.
7) 28) dialog: Lester...How did...
7) 30) dialog: No, no...I’m fine.
7) 32) dialog: Thanks. As Danny brushes himself off, the Projectionist watches h intently, as though trying to make uf his mind about something.
8) 0) text: Danny pads down the long, red carpeted hallways to the ba of the theater. He reaches the end, and climbs up a spira staircase, hesitantly, his eyes fixed overhead on the doo marked “PROJECTION BOOTH". He knocks, and the door swings open.
9) 7) text: long, “beny fingers as it snakes and winds its way throug projector. He is concentrating intensely and doesn’t even icok up when Danny enters.
9) 8) dialog: It’s hot as hell in here. tartled, The Projectionist loses his concentration, and t film unspools out onto the floor.
9) 10) dialog: Look, I‘m sorry...
9) 13) dialog: No, not really...
9) 16) dialog: (smiling) Death Wish, right? - The Projectionist does not smile.
9) 18) dialog: (getting a little uncomfortable) Look, I just got mugged...
9) 20) dialog: What are you talking about? The Projectionist disappears into the back of the room. I so dark, Danny can’t even see him, but can hear that he’s pushing things around. Finally, the Projectionist emerges carrying an old SHOE BOX. He slowly pries the lid off, then reaches in...
9) 22) dialog: A gun? Is that a gun. This is no ordinary weapon. It looks like a revolver, but it’s got a huge muzzle, like you could stuff an artillery shell in the barrel. 20 ‘é a iY cy
9) 28) dialog: And now you want to give it to me?
9) 30) dialog: I’m only fifteen years old, I don’t have a license...
9) 32) dialog: Look at that thing. I doubt if I can even lift it...
9) 36) dialog: (turning it over in his hand} 2i AS soon fear to ‘@ e
9) 39) dialog: What do you get out of it? The Projectionist smiles.
9) 42) dialog: Yeah, that’d be awesome.
10) 0) text: Danny's MOTHER is busy on the phone when he returns home. slips into the KITCHEN and goes straight for the fridge.
10) 2) text: Danny, use a plate, okay?
10) 5) dialog: What? Then he remembers and averts his eyes.
10) 7) dialog: (annoyed) It’s nothing.
10) 9) dialog: No. (sarcastically) I got hit by a bus. : > Danny’s Mother stares at him. She doesn’t even know what say. She puts the plate down on the counter.
10) 11) dialog: So, Bye. She turns to go, but can’t leave it at that.
10) 13) dialog: 23 e wa a
10) 16) dialog: Yeah, and the answer is still ne-
10) 18) dialog: What’s the point? Stand around the graveyard and stare at his tombstone? What the hell is that gonna do? Pause.
11) 0) text: Of all the theaters on the block, THE ASMODEUN is the big and most run down. In,crooked red letters plastered up on the marquee, is the title "EXTREMELY VIOLENT". It’s just after Midnight and pouring rain when Danny arri at the once grand front entrance to the theater. He yanks hard on the heavy doors, somewhat surprised when they swi right open. .
12) 0) text: Danny shakes the rain off his sopping knapsack. It’s pitc black inside, and he can’t find the lights. Blindly, he stumbles forward, following the glowing neon lights of th concession stand. Edging his way along the walls, Danny reaches the theater doors and pulls them open.
13) 3) dialog: " Hey, Les!
13) 4) text: Right on time, Danny. I’m impressed. Danny spins around. The Projectionist is standing right behind hin.
13) 6) dialog: Yeah, great. : Danny heads down the aisle followed by The Projectionist cuts into a middle row. .
13) 7) text: a (indignant) é &Q There, Danny? ‘ DANNY Yeah, sure. These are the best seats. |
13) 8) text: PROJECTIONIST ° But you’re so far away. Why don’t you try up close...Then you can really get into the action. i DANNY . Okay, clese is cool. DISSCLVE TO -~ Five Minutes Later Danny is sitting in a seat near the front, and from his f we can see that he is totally engrossed. The Projectionis stands right next to him, in the aisle, also watching i intently. ARNO’S VOICE (6.8.)
13) 19) dialog: e See that guy, Arro’s cousin, he’s 26 ‘e
13) 22) dialog: Yeah, then just watch, this whole thing’s going get really violent. ONSCREEN -- A FEW MINUTES LATER «= A CAR WASH -- FRANK rides up on to the moving track, and shifts his car neutral. He rolls up his windows, smiling and whistling t himself as his car disappears into the DARK CAR WASH. THEN, @ pair of IDENTICAL TWINS, JULES and JIM, in matchi white linen suits, slip into the other end of the car was
13) 45) text: Don’t forget our bargain, Danny... Danny turns and stares back at The Projectionist, who. is standing out on the balcony, smiling a terrible smile. SUDDENLY, Danny feels his arm being yanked and....
14) 0) text: The inside of the car wash is a whirring, mechanical-mess brushes and hoses. Arno leads Danny along the wall.
14) 4) dialog: Come on, Danny, wake up, wake up NOW...
15) 0) text: DANNY is lying on the floor of the pitch dark truck. Big, wet, soapy cloths flap against the window every few secon
15) 1) text: Danny’s face: Sweaty, red...he’s flipping out. It starts getting lighter and lighter in the truck, and D realizes that he’s about to be sent out on to the lot.
15) 7) text: You missed. The shooting starts all over again, although this time th screams of dying Mercs echo through the Car Wash. BACK ON DANNY’S FACE -- He takes his hands off his ears, and comes out from behin KNAPSACK. Silence. The. broken truck door slowly swings cpen. Danny peers outside.
16) 0) text: what Danny sees is a testimony to the extreme violence th just occurred. The asphalt is pockmarked, filled with bullet holes; the ground is littered with severed Merc limbs, bullet cases, discarded firearms.
16) 1) dialog: pulls himself out of the truck. He looks back up onto the flatbed and sees
16) 8) dialog: Um, Arno? Arno'’s searching the guy’s pockets.
16) 9) dialog: (tapping him on the shoulder) Uhh, Arno. I. think we’ve got trouble.. He’s right, cause coming up on them fast is... THE TWINS’ BLACK PEUGEOT -- The identical brothers sitting in the front seat, Jules driving, Jim loading the guns.
16) 10) dialog: Arno! Finally, Arno looks up. The Black Peugeot is about to sma right into them.
16) 22) dialog: The way I see it, this must be some kind of. bologna~induced nightmare, so I might as well try to enjoy it...
16) 24) dialog: I mean, I’n standing in a moyie > theater watching you, then the next : thing I know I’m getting shot at, it’s gotta be a dream...
16) 29) dialog: 35 Wait, wait a second! Arno lets him go.
16) 30) dialog: Look, Arno, you can‘t leave me here, I have nowhere to go!
16) 32) dialog: fhe Twins, Arno! You can’t leave me here... Arno turns to face hin.
16) 33) dialog: Remember, they threatened to kill me?
16) 35) dialog: You know they’1l do it, Arno. They killed Frank, they’ll kill me too if you just leave me here...
17) 1) text: Big. burly cops in aviator sunglasses hustle scuzzy crimi off to their holding pens. ‘Angry citizens complain about crimes to the DESK SERGEANT. Hard boiled cops who’ve seen all twice munch donuts and drink coffee at their desks. Into this chaos strides ARNO SLATER. DANNY, trying to stop and savor the hyped up film-world, having to run to catch up with Arno’s huge strides.
17) 2) dialog: So I guess Captain Decker’s gonna give you a hard time now, huh?
17) 4) dialog: Well, no, I thought he was always giving you shit...
17) 18) dialog: And they tried to kill us, and, if I can just add, sir, Officer Slater’s handling of the situation included 38 (@ some of th. e violent acti seen. most kick-ass, extremely ion hervics I’ve ever Decker stares at Danny like ET just waddled into his offi
17) 30) dialog: That’s so classic. Of course they’d assign you to protect me. It’s totally buddy-filn. Arno dees not look thrilled.
17) 31) dialog: I should have guessed it. Arno swings the front doors open and they leave. ar Ex
18) 2) dialog: Do you always drive this fast? Arno, still aggravated by his stinky assignment, ignores
18) 3) dialog: Look, I’ know you’re pissed about this assignment, but really, you don’t have to worry about me. Do whatever you got to.do. I mean if you want to go chase down Frank's killers, I”11 just come with you.
18) 6) dialog: (a little surprised) Ch, okay, great! The car zig zags crazily down the Sunset Strip. Flashing by the car windows is an even More extreme versi of Sunset’s actual PORNO PALACES: . They pass ‘Strip Joint’, ‘Topless Bar’, ‘Naked Women’, ‘L Nudes’, then ‘’Nude Nudes’, and finally...
18) 8) dialog: The one what?
18) 11) dialog: What’ll it be, big guy?
18) 13) dialog: Aw, come on, Arno...
18) 16) dialog: Barkeep, you want to get me a beer? All the while, in the background, ARNO can be heard busti heads, breaking fingers, and turning over tables.
18) 18) dialog: You know him? >
18) 25) dialog: Hey Arno, ease up... ARNG “ Talk asshole!
18) 26) dialog: (interrupting) : Their names are Julies and dim Lumiere. They’re hired guns... Arno lets go of the guy, but gives him a warning.
18) 28) dialog: They work out of a health club, in Malibu.
18) 30) dialog: It was nothing, next time just ask the bartender. ar Be
20) 0) text: Arne barrels through the front door and heads straight fo kitchen. Danny follows him in, checking the place out. Danny walks into the living room, as Arno reemerges from kitchen, carrying a lighter, a screwdriver, some gauze an bedpan. . Danny walks over to the bookcases lining the walls. 43 The books, as Danny checks them out. Arno has no novels his library, no collections of essays, no coffee table ar pooks. What he does have, however is THE TIME LIFE GUIDE TO KILL PEOPLE, WHO’S WHO IN AMERICAN DRUG DEALING. and BULLETS O WORLD. ARNO has been heating up the screwdriver with the Zippo. It’s red hot now. He lays it down in the bed pan, then whips his shirt off.
20) 1) dialog: Oh man...When did that happen? Arno’s got a big, ugly buliet wound right in his abdomen. ARNO ‘ Car wash. (beat) You know, Danny, a lot of people complain about my methods. They say I’m too violent... Arno takes the screwdriver and thrusts it into his bullet wound. : . SFX -- SEARING FLESH a
20) 3) dialog: You mean kill then... He catches on something with the screwdriver. Danny is thoroughly revolted.
20) 5) dialog: What about the whole arresting people 44 part, Arno? You know, cuffing the suspects and booking them... then a "CLANG" as Arno finally dislodges the bullet then lets it plop in the bed pan.
20) 6) dialog: Jesus.
20) 8) dialog: Yeah, I’m sure you de. I was just wondering if you ever bring in any of the people you bust. I mean, can you think of even one criminal you busted who ever made it to jail alive? Arno pauses for a moment, thinking hard.
20) 13) text: There is a punishment. Danny spins around to see... °- JESSICA, Arno’s WIFE, an attractive blonde woman wearing 45 ‘e
20) 17) dialog: You‘’re the woman in the trailer! Arno and Jessica stare at Danny strangely.
20) 19) dialog: That’s so weird, I never would’ve guessed you were married. Jessica is checking Arno’s wound.
20) 32) dialog: So, what‘’s this? Storage area? Arno smiles.
21) 0) text: Danny and Arno step inside, coming face to face with an awesome display of firepower that would put the Pentagon shame.
21) 1) dialog: Whoa... Arno has neatly arranged the room by handguns, rifles, ro launchers, and explosives. Danny walks over to a large, futuristic. gun and tries to pull it off the wall. It’s t heavy for him to lift, however, and just as it’s about to
21) 5) dialog: I was just looking... Arno hefts the enormous gun up into ready position.
21) 6) dialog: What is that thing, anyway?
21) 12) dialog: So your wife, she’s pretty understanding about all this.
21) 14) dialog: Well, you know, all the guns in the house, you’ coming home bleeding. That’s -pretty messed up. Don’t you think it’s a little strange that she puts up with it? Arno turns to Danny, angered by his questioning. . . ARNO ° : . Strange? Is it strange to fight - crime, to stop criminals from harming innocent people with their evil ways?
21) 15) dialog: No, I...
21) 17) dialog: Alright, I’m sorry I asked. (trying ag
21) 20) dialog: No, I know... I mean, obviously the Twins are involved. Iomean, who do you think they’re working for?
21) 22) dialog: : (getting frustrated) Obviously, they were selling drugs. But the point is, there’s always something more... a conspiracy. Arno hefts up an assault rifle.
21) 23) dialog: i You know, like they’re really working for a huge corporation, or they’re using drug deals as a decoy for 4 . political assassination. (beat) Do ' you know any corporate criminals or corrupt Senators who might have ’ wanted Frank dead? ‘ Arno fires off a few more rounds, these blowing the rig off the mannequin.
21) 25) dialog: (giving up), : a Okay, forget it. What‘s our first © eo — - ‘é
21) 27) dialog: What’re those? He smiles and touches them together, setting off sparks.
22) 0) text: The Club is an exclusive, high-tech, very private organiz si icuated right on the beach. Danny and Arno pull in through the tall wrought iron gate and view the imposing long biack awning, shading the entr
22) 2) dialog: Ah, Arno...Tell me if I’m way off here, but aren’t we going to have some trouble getting in?
22) 4) dialog: Right, we could do it that way...But then The Twins will be on their guard. -
22) 6) dialog: (explaining) We pose as customers who are thinking of joining the club, and ask for a tour...
22) 22) dialog: Wait, Arno... Arno reaches cver the desk. picks up the yellow bellied D Clerk by his tie and head butts him into a coma. They walk past the desk and into a door marked ‘Locker Ro ar T:
22) 31) dialog: has been checking this out, and satisfied that Arno is mo than holding his own, decides to do a little investigatin He sneaks up a spiral lucite staircase to the second floo
22) 48) dialog: Arno...There’s some sort of huge arns deal going down in the back roon.
22) 50) dialog: And I think whoever was behind Frank’s death is upstairs running the show, .
22) 68) text: & Iocan/t wait. We’ll do lunch. He and Danny head out with the cops.
23) 0) text: Arno ore Arno and Danny get out of the car, Arno slamming his door Hard. .
23) 1) dialog: Look, Arno. You'd better cool off, I’m warning you...
23) 3) dialog: Really? So maybe this is some sort of far reaching CIA conspiracy, three decades of, I don’t know, rogue spies © or something plotting an overthrow. or 59
23) 4) text: “6 Danny and Arno step in their tracks. Decker is standing at the end of the precinct, front of his office.
23) 7) dialog: Ouch... ARNO . Since then, he’s been selling twice as many drugs, making twice as much money. I’ve stopped *hundreds.of his men, but I’ve never gotten Id himself. We’ve never been able to find his hideout. (beat) I owe him big, Danny. And I always pay my debts. He blasts tHrough the Precinct doors.
24) 1) dialog: - $0, look, just take it éasy with Decker... - .
24) 3) dialog: From Nam. I remember.
24) 8) dialog: You'd better give me the Hey, Arno? laser gun.
24) 10) dialog: I’m not gomna do anything with it. But you’1ll thank me later, just trust me, Arno reluctantly unstraps his Beretta and-hands it over.
24) 11) dialog: Pll oo put it’. right safekeeping, . . He drops it in his bookbag. ‘Arné reluctantly trudges for towards Decker’s office. as Arno walks away, Danny gldnces back over’.to TEE SERGEANT’S DESK .
24) 32) dialog: Didn’t go too well, huh? They storm out through the front door. ar E
25) 0) text: Arno’s car winds slowly up the twisting hill roads. Arno gioomy and peeved over his suspension, as Danny sits besi him holding the Beretta.
25) 1) dialog: Arno, aren’‘t you over-reacting a little here?
25) 3) dialog: Look, why don’t we pull over a minute? You gotta relax, Arno slows down and pulis to the side ef the road. They g 63
25) 7) dialog: Arno, you destroyed an entire gyn, what did you think Decker would say? ARNO . I’m a cop, Danny. That’s artl I know how to do. A cop without his badge, it’s like...
25) 8) dialog: Like something that’s never stopped you before? Io mean, when was the last time they gave you the hoot?
25) 11) dialog: And before that?
25) 13) dialog: Arno, don’t you see how absurd this is? You get suspended every month, and you get just as pissed every time. as he thinks about this.
25) 14) dialog: It’s all so ridiculous, they never let you do it your way, and you just keep trying...
25) 16) dialog: 64 “e Now, you really want to get Id back xy Frank, you gotta stop busting heads and start using yours instead... .
25) 20) dialog: That‘’s real poetic, Arno. And that’s smog by the way.
25) 23) dialog: It sucks. You’d hate it.
25) 25) dialog: Because, shitty things happen all the time, and nobody does anything about it. There’s no justice there, Arno, no payback, life sucks, ‘and that’s it.
25) 27) dialog: Hey, what’s that?
25) 31) dialog: Ah, Arno...
25) 33) dialog: Hit the dirt! The Helicopter flies by overhead and Arno gets a good loo it. :
25) 37) dialog: 66 ‘é e What are you going te do, beat it up? ARNO . come on. I’ve got a surprise for them. - They run over to Arno’s car as the Copter takes its tur heads back towards them. THE HELICOPTER - “7 In the cockpit, in an orange pilot’s jumper is JIM LUMIER guiding the copter wheel with his unbandaged hand. Leaning out of the side deor, alse in orance, is JULES ai his long range assault rifle, his, trigger hand bandaged. BACK ON THE GROUND ~ a Arno pops open the trunk and takes out a big cardboard bo
25) 39) dialog: Ballsy! , The copter’s speeding towards them. Jules is training his sight on Arno’s head. Danny can just make them out.
25) 40) dialog: Arno, it’s the Twins!
25) 45) dialog: Fire already! What are you doing? The copter fire erupts all around them, narrowly missing.
25) 49) dialog: Oh, great... In a second, the copter will be directly overhead. Arno takes a long hard look at his new Russian Launcher.
25) 56) dialog: Mr.Id sent those guys, Arno. He wants you dead. ARNO” Let him come! He can send a thousand men, I will kill them all!
25) 57) dialog: (frustrated) Jesus Christ. Arno, that’s just the attitude that got you into all this trouble in the first place. This time, we've got to get out ahead of the game...Anticipate them.
25) 61) dialog: No, think about it. If he had something that meant a lot to you, and held it hostage...
25) 63) dialog: Exactly. If we go after them, they Kidnap Jessica, use her as blackmail
25) 65) dialog: So what do we do? We save Jessica before they kidnap her, taking away their trump card, so you can kill with impunity.
25) 67) dialog: It means you can shoot whoever you want.
25) 69) dialog: « (smiling) Then let’s go. They jump into the car and tear out. ar Be
26) 0) text: Arno and Danny come screeching up the circular PARKING ra and into the gargantuan LOT. CARS all over the place; parked, circling, coming and goi but no spaces.
26) 2) dialog: What an asshole. ° 70 ‘é
27) 0) text: Arno and Danny quickly weave their way through the onrush shoppers.
27) 1) dialog: Okay, where does your wife work?
27) 3) dialog: No, the elevator, it’s much faster. cuT To:
28) 0) text: Rushing upward, Danny and Arno peer cut the glass elevato walls into the swarming mall. Arno spots THEM first. A unified battalion of Hard~Ass ME led by Jules and Jim, files into the atrium below.
28) 3) dialog: Shit, we gotta move.
29) 0) text: The elevator reaches the top, Arno bolts out. Danny hesitates a second, then presses every button in th elevator, looks three floors down at the MERCS, and grins Arno’s up ahead waving him on, Running past the DOWN ESCALATOR, Danny plows into a kid in a baby stroller.
29) 2) dialog: Lady, you really gotta start watching out for your kid. The concerned mother bends over and hugs her child, as Da and Arno take off down the hallway. ar
30) 7) dialog: Yeah, that’s the point.
30) 12) dialog: 73
31) 0) text: Danny and Arno are back in the Mall Traffic when they spo THREE MERCS from the opening trailer converging at the Elevator Banks below.
31) 1) dialog: Quick, the elevators! The Three Mercs look deadly and determined, waiting calml the lift. They check their watches, and load up their gun Then, DING, it arrives, the doors swoosh open, and look w there, it’s Arno pointing his Beretta right ‘in their fac
32) 0) text: Arno and Danny book through the mall towards the elevator but stop short when they see JULES and JIM leading a troo MERCS out of Bullocks.
32) 2) dialog: (realizing it) The lingerie store! 74
32) 3) text: € f Not now, Danny! The gang has spotted them from the other side of the mall
32) 4) dialog: Come on! ARNO and DANNY tear by the huge NEWS KIOSK, when Danny suddenly remembers...
32) 5) dialog: Oh, shit! I ate the gum!
32) 7) dialog: Arno, trust me, we need some gum. i NEWS KIOSK +- Danny and Arno run up, grab a pack of gum off the shelf a hand it to the COUNTER GUY.
32) 9) text: Arno and Danny search their pockets...NOTHING.
32) 11) dialog: Big Mistake. ‘The Counter Guy is just able to hand over the gum .befor fainting. _ The GUNMEN are closing in fast. Arno follows Danny’s lead, sprinting down the hallway. ar INT. VICTORIA‘S SECRET -~ It’s the Lingerie store from the trailer; Beautiful Women flowing to and fro in silky apparel. eo 1s ‘6
33) 0) text: IN ARNO’S CAR ~ Jessica waits impatiently in the driver’s seat, tapping h fingers on the wheel, when... SUDDENLY -- The air is pierced by the cacophonous fury of thousand horns and car alarms blasting out at once. Jessica covers her ears in agony as Arno and Danny come running down the ramp like bats out of hell, pulling the out of their ears. 7 They jump into the car, Jessica steps on it, and they pee out. ar TE
34) 2) dialog: I know, just lemme think for a second. Danny is staring intently out the window, as they drive through Santa Monica along the beach.
34) 4) dialog: Jessica, pull over! Jessica quickly swerves to the side of the road. ar E 76
34) 7) text: yno, Danny and Jessica are walking quickly down the sidew in beachfront Santa Monica. Danny is staring intently at something up ahead.
34) 9) dialog: . We can’t go home, Jessica. That’s the first place they’d look, there’s probably guys waiting for us right now.
34) 10) text: Well I’ve got work to do, and I’m not in the mood for cops and robbers. Where are we going? Danny points straight ahead.
34) 11) dialog: There... They lock up to see, in the distance... “EXT. THE SANTA MONICA PIER ~- . ARNO, JESSICA and DANNY stride across a walkway towards t SANTA MONICA PIER, a somewhat run down amusement center r on’ the water. The Pier is a swirling mixture of bad seafood restaurants cheap ice cream shops and cheesy carnival games that are impossible to win. Arno is fascinated by the good-natured activity on the Pi He’s never been to an amusement park before. Jessica is n as pleased.
34) 15) dialog: That’s the point. They’d never think to look for you here, that’s why we cane.
34) 17) dialog: Look. The villains will eventually catch up with us, they always do. But instead of going to them, we let them find us. In the meantime, we phone the police, call in for back Up. es
34) 20) dialog: I know, that’s your problem. You wanna go take these guys on singlehandedly. Well instead, we get about 200 cops down here, the villains show up looking for us, they get wasted. (Danny smiles) We hang out an@ play air hockey.
34) 23) dialog: Look, Jessica, you’re not gonna get kidnapped again. So just relax and enjoy yourself.
35) 1) text: Danny and Jessica walk through a gauntlet of video games. Jessica doesn’t seem to like any of them. She points towa the larger, carnival games.
35) 5) dialog: This is really lame. You gotta try Double Dragon, now that’s a good game... Danny tosses a skee ball, just as Arno walks over to them He’s carrying a Soft-Serv ice cream cone.
35) 8) dialog: What’s eating her?
35) 10) dialog: Hey, Listen, let’s go check out the air hockey... ar Ee
35) 15) dialog: You’ve never had ice cream before?
35) 18) dialog: Iocan imagine...
35) 20) dialog: You lose again, Slater. Arno laughs and puts down his paddle.
35) 22) dialog: Yeah, well you’re a busy guy, Arno. 3
35) 24) dialog: Bo ‘é No, TI just thought...
35) 28) dialog: Yeah, I guess...
35) 30) dialog: Nothing. It’s just that this all reminds me a lot of Coney Isiand, in- New York...
35) 32) dialog: Yeah, well this might be a different Coney Island, the one where I’m from. My Dad and I used to go out there, ride the Cyclone, get a hot dog at Nathan’s... 8l ‘é
35) 34) dialog: Nah, it’s not that. (beat) My father died, Arno. He‘s dead...
35) 36) dialog: No, no he died of -cancer. They didn’t know what it was fer a long time. The doctor’s jerked him around, the hospitals kept switching the treatments. My mom was a wreck, she just withdrew from it all...
35) 38) dialog: (heatedly) Yeah, but the whole thing was so lame, he just sat there dying and I didn’t do shit to help him...
35) 40) dialog: Look at you, Arno! Someone kills your cousin Frank, you go get payback for it! You find the guys who killed him and wipe them off the face of the earth! That must make you feel better, at least you’re doing something... Arno takes a long, hard look at Danny, listening to the a and bitterness in his voice. He wonders, perhaps for the first time, just how much better vengeance makes him feel
35) 45) dialog: Look! They look down to the end of the Pier and realize -~ some is shooting at them.
35) 47) dialog: Jesus Christ, how they'd find us so . quickly?
35) 51) dialog: It should be, this doesn’t make any sense. Another cloud of bullets shatters a wall of Video Machine above their heads.
35) 52) dialog: 83 ~ eer coma
35) 55) text: ARNO hands his gun to DANNY. ARNO. Danny, listen, when I count to three, you stand up and start firing, okay? DANNY looks ready, then something occurs to hin.
35) 56) dialog: Arno... Just one question... (beat) Aren’t we out of bullets? Arno checks the chamber on his Beretta. Sure enough, it’s empty. - :
35) 57) dialog: Remember? You ran out in the mall...
36) 0) text: 84 An angry gunman is backing Danny along the wooden pier w ‘le stuck under his chin. He pushes Danny up against gq and leans over him, sticking the gun in his face. 3g Meanwhile, The TWINS stand at the exit to the ARCADE TENT waiting for Arno to emerge. JULES . (to Danny) Call your friend! Cali to heem! Danny is petrified, he strains against his captor...
36) 4) dialog: Bye, asshole! What> "explodes through the end of Danny’s bookbag would described as firing a cruise missile through a pea-shoote The force is incredible, it tears the bookbag to shreds a the gunman is literally blown to dust. No blood, no guts, just a fine cloud of bad guy residue.
36) 5) dialog: Holy shit... Danny looks down at his hand in wonder. He’s holding the The Projectionist gave him. It glows a bright metallic bl smoke pours from the barrel. Two other BAD GUYS run towards Danny... 85 ‘$ ee and another incredible 3 BAD GUY #1 is blown nbling backwards down the pier.
36) 7) text: 4 BAD GUY #2 runs up and grabs Danny’s hand. Danny looks do at where he’s been grabbed. His skin is somehow GLOWING. It’s like he’s in technicolo and the rest of the world’s in sepia tone. Danny closes his eyes as BAD GUY #2 rears back and PUNCHE in the face. Danny opens his eyes. The guy is staring at him. His face feels fine. He lunges forward, and the result astonishes him... BAD GUY #2 is sent hurtling end over end down the Pier, a least 100 ft, racking up in a ring toss booth.
36) 8) dialog: . Jesus...
36) 16) dialog: No, Arno. You get behind me. Arno watches in amazement as Danny brandishes his porcela GUN.
36) 17) dialog: So long, suckers!
36) 20) dialog: Let’s move! They start running down the pier when suddenly, Arno stop ARNO ys Wait a second Danny, i was just thinking. There’s four cars filled with armed men, and only two of us. Maybe we should wait for the back-up.
37) 0) text: Arno and Danny are engaged in a high speed, nail biting c through the streets of L.A. The VILLAINS have about a thr block lead on Arno’s brandless American tin box.
37) 4) dialog: Jealous, Arno? Let me see your old clunker. Arno hands Danny his Beretta and catches sight of his ski He’s even brighter than before.
37) 6) dialog: Jesus...1I don’t know...I feel fantastic...Like I’m ten times as strong... The Villains are gaining distance up ahead. They turn off down a bumpy stretch of road. .
37) 8) dialog: God, this is awful, I think I’m gonna heave...
37) 14) dialog: No, Keep going. It’s too late now. Danny hangs his head out the window, obviously very uncomfortable. Then he spots something up ahead... ON A SIDESTREET, DANNY‘’S P.O.V, == Two WORKMEN carry an enormous PANE OF GLASS down the bloc
37) 17) dialog: Pull over, Arno! Now!
38) 0) text: The two WORKMEN with the pane of glass are walking down a alley now. ARNO and DANNY are following then. ARNO . Danny, if you’re not going to be sick, I really think we should. get back in the car...
38) 1) dialog: Trust me, Arno. I think this is gonna work. The WORKMEN turn the corner on to a bright, noisy street ahead. Arno and Danny follow close behind. :
38) 4) dialog: This is it. As Danny and Arno stand at the end of the block, they loo back over the street. It is a domino line of every CAR CH OBSTACLE you’ve ever seen, all packed together on one blo
38) 5) dialog: Arno, if we wait here a few minutes, I guarantee the villains will come right to us... DISSOLVE To:
39) 0) text: Danny and Arno are standing next to the EIGHTEEN WHEELER the far end of the street. .
39) 2) dialog: Any minute now... THEN, sure enough, from the other end of the block, the Villains’ Cars come barreling on to Chase Street. The LEAD CAR races down the road, crashes through the PLA OF GLASS, topples the FRUIT CART, to the angry yells of t HUCKSTER, and then plows into a FIRE HYDRANT. The gushing water spray causes the second Villain Car to off into the rows of HANGING BEEF, and the third to rack on the GARBAGE CANS. 30 sre ail still plowing ahead to the panic stricken horror of tne STUDENT DRIVER, whom they rear end into @ C The Villains have practically made it through Chase Stree when the mammoth EIGHTEEN WHEELER starts backing up inte road. The Villains are sizing up the situation. It looks Like there’ll just be enough room to squeeze through. The just cut around the back. But there's DANNY, his gun pointed at the truck.
39) 3) dialog: Back up faster!
39) 5) dialog: Faster! The DRIVER steps on it, and the huge truck picks up speed uh-oh, closes the little remaining gap. The Peugeot veers off into the wall, as the three” Lexuse rack up in a heap under the truck. The fifteen indefatigable MERCS spring from their cars an take up positions guarding JESSICA in the center.
39) 7) dialog: You go around the front, I‘ll take the back. We blast them from both ends, and meet in the middle.
39) 10) dialog: Leads Jessica to safety and turns around just in time to The Twins pulling out in their PEUGEOT with ARNO captive back. -
39) 12) dialog: 
39) 14) text: A biack boot. Hands yank the laces taut and knot them. Th 92 aw ey ee eee ec aA tnudding as the boots clod heavily down on to the fico It’s DANNY. He’s glowing like a roman candle, literally plastered hea foot with guns.
39) 18) dialog: Let’s move out.
39) 22) dialog: Oh, yes there is. Arno’s in big trouble and I’m not going to turn my back, and neither are you. JESSICA . What do you need me for? He tosses her the car keys. Jessica stares at them. 93
39) 29) dialog: Forget it, Decker. I know you set us up. You never sent the backup, you 94 gust called Id’s men and told them C 6 where we were...
39) 32) dialog: You’re the old Vietnam Buddy, Decker. The Old Vietnam Buddy always betrays YOu... Le
39) 34) dialog: Explain later, jerkoff. Right now, ) you take me to Id’s hideout or you’re ' gonna have a serious Excedrin headache, Danny pushes Decker over to Arno’s Car. Jessica is waitin impatiently in the driver’s seat. She looks pretty annoye ’ by the whole thing.
39) 40) text: Shut up, Decker. ’ bo Danny puts the gun up to Decker’s head and cocks it.
39) 41) dialog: Take us to Id‘s hideout while you can Still talk. Decker stares at Danny nervously. oe | oy ‘6 e
39) 43) dialog: (screaming) I don’t GIVE A SHIT!! Take us to Arno, NOW!! DECKER a Head for Hollywood, Jessica... They pull cut.
40) 29) dialog: 93
40) 31) text: Id‘s men aim their rifles at Danny.
40) 32) dialog: Slowly, deliberately, pulls a long arrow from its quiver, lays it across the bow. Down the shaft, at its point, a s golden triangle...An explosive head.
40) 36) dialog: steps through the smoke once again.
40) 37) dialog: Who’s next? He tosses the bow and arrow on the ground, - ARNO . fobscured by the smoke) DANNY! Watch out!
40) 41) dialog: smiles, relishes the moment, then reaches over his should for the gun taped to his back... _- But wait, something’s wrong, he can’t reach it, he’s tape too Low.
40) 44) dialog: smiling, swings the laser sight pistol out of a holster.
40) 53) dialog: (not listening) Id and the Twins ‘got away.
40) 57) dialog: He’s a bureaucrat Arno, think about it. Here, you’ll want this. Danny pulls arno’s gmm Beretta Combat Pistol out, it over to him. ARNO stares at hands. d wrists, and hands the gun, quietly. He turns it over in his 102 e
40) 59) dialog: Get ready to kill a lot more. Danny and Arno move out through the back door into a long corridor.
41) 0) text: A long, narrow, hallway filled with costumes and old backdrops. The winding corrider doglegs at its middle. Danny and Arno creep cautiously ahead.
41) 2) dialog: That’s the Twins.
41) 5) dialog: Wait, Arno. He tears a grenade off his vest. How’s your curve ball?
41) 12) dialog: come barreling down the hallway, right behind the explosi guns drawn. They lock down and see the MERCS’ dead bodies put no sign of The Twins. They duck through the door and see another long haliway, splits into a fork. Running up the middle of the hall, si by side, are Jules and Jin.
41) 14) dialog: We've got to split them up! Arno takes hold of the high tech archer’s bow, kneels and zings an arrow down the long hallway. As they reach the fork in the hall, The Twins look back.. arrow’s coming right between their shoulders. Jules dives left, Jim to the right, and the arrow explodes into the w between them. Arno and Danny charge down the hall after. them. Danny sl a rifle over his shoulder and cocks it. Arno takes hold o the massive Rocket Launcher. They reach the fork, and Arn _pulls Danny aside.
41) 16) dialog: (smiling) They can‘t touch this. 104
41) 19) dialog: You okay, Arno?
41) 27) text: Danny stands in the middle of the street now. He has a bi smile on his face. He pulls the Porcelain gun off his bac
41) 28) dialog: Eenie, meenie, miney...
41) 30) dialog: Nowhere left to run, Jules. Say your prayers... . . Danny fires, and Jules is buried under a mountain ef wo
41) 35) text: Thought I’d left, didn’t you?: Standing behind Jules is Danny, who hasn’t left at all, b is in fact pointing his guh right in Jules’ back.
41) 36) dialog: Sorry Jules, I’m not that stupid. You're the second most evil bad guy. And the second most evil bad guy always comes back to kill you at the end... Jules reaches nervously for his gun...
41) 37) dialog: Not this time... Danny fires, blowing Jules into dust.
42) 60) dialog: Hey Arno, Mr. Arch Villain just made a break for it.
42) 62) dialog: Well, that’s too bad, but we don’t have time to cry over back-stabbing bureaucrats right now...We’ve got to finish off Id. eo Arno rises to his feet.
42) 64) dialog: Hey, Arno, news flash! Mr. Id, ‘ . biggest drug dealer on the West Coast and all around scum bag just high tailed it out of here... ARNO . You don’t understand, Danny. He was just selling drugs to buy guns to kill me...
42) 65) dialog: What the hell are you talking about?
42) 69) dialog: What about justice, Arno? He was your cousin.
42) 71) dialog: We're wasting time.
42) 73) dialog: If you’re not going to kill Id then I will. : Arno grabs Danny by the arms. : * ARNO : ° No, Danny, I won’t let you do that.
42) 74) dialog: Try and stop me! Danny slaps Arno’s arms away, breaking free from his grip and sending the big man a few steps backwards. Arno stand frozen, shocked by how viclent Danny has become. dUST THEN, Jim, the remaining Twin, Stumbles out from beh a Stalagmite. Before Danny and Arno can react, he fires o a shot...
42) 76) dialog: You sonofabitch! Jim tries to scurry away, but Danny FIRES repeatedly, bla him back te Brussels, air mail express. Danny runs over to the PIT and looks down. Way down. Arno body lies still at the bottom. Danny gets to his feet. °
42) 77) dialog: (Screaming) Id! ‘You bastard! You'll pay for *this! . - His voice echoes through'the studio. He cocks his gun, an goes racing out the side door. . ar
44) 0) text: Danny keeps running, still following the trail of unravel gauze. Suddenly, it ends. He looks up and realizes he’s way at the end of the strip He’s standing in front of an enormous, decrepit movie the The lights aze all off, the windows are boarded up. The Marquee is missing all its letters but one; an "A" that h off to one side. : The front door looks like it’s been pried open. An old rotting slat swings back and forth on a rusty nail. Id went through here. Danny smirks, raises his gun and...
44) 3) dialog: I’M COMING FOR YOU, ID! © a Danny hears footsteps,* and sees Id run from behind the concessicen stand... : .
44) 7) dialog: What the hell? This is not the Asmodeun that Danny knows, however. All b a few scattered rows of seats have been ripped out. The balcony is crumbling and sags in the middle. The walls ar chipped, peeling, scarred by flames... Danny walks to the center of the theater and screams at t top of his lungs...
44) 8) dialog: I’M GOING TO MAKE YOU PAY, ID! His voice echoes off the walls. Danny moves up to the sta to the lip in front of the movie screen. He stands there, smoking gun in hand. : : suddenly, a light comes on from the projection booth, shi out through the portholes. It blinds Danny and he puts hi hands up to shield his eyes.
44) 16) dialog: 
44) 19) dialog: You’re alive...
44) 25) text: Danny is torn, he wants desperately te pull the trigger..
44) 29) dialog: Arno, come on...
44) 31) dialog: ifm not leaving you here! Danny helps Arno to his feet...
45) 0) text: Light all but disappears as the car roars into a tunnel, reappears as it comes out again, overground. Danny stares out the window, trying to find his destinati in the small family homes and industrial parks that make the borough of Queens.
46) 0) text: Danny is running again, his chest heaving as he races tow his destination... A large, sprawling graveyard. The intended tranquility is drowned out by the zooming of traffic on the super-highwa ringing the lawns. ‘EXT. THE GRAVEYARD -- Danny wanders through the sea of white gravestones until finds the one he’s looking for. HIS FATHER’S GRAVE -- He stands in front of the grave, staring at it.
46) 2) dialog: Mom... She kneels on the ground, taking him into her arms.