113) 2) dialog: (bored) Yes, yes, Mrs. Farmer --
113) 4) text: DR. DOYLE, a psychiatrist, and the others are seated with Judge Hillier around a table.
120) 0) text: A NURSE ushers Frances and two ATTENDANTS into a sparse t room with dilapidated plumbing and fungus growing between the tiles. In the center are three steel baths with hammo suspended above them. The Attendants strap Frances into a bath as Dr. Doyle enters.
140) 7) dialog: One merely inserts the leucotome  beneath the eyelid and presses up  into the prefrontal lobe, manipulating  it so as to sever the nervous  connections between the thalamofrontal  radiation and the body of the brain.
140) 9) dialog: Because of the speed and simplicity  of the operation, I am able, as you  are seeing, to perform the procedure  on ten patients in less than a half  hour.
140) 11) dialog: The operation is completely painless  and can be performed without any  sedative whatsoever.
140) 12) text: We now see vaguely that DR. HARLINGTON has moved to the  patient on the adjacent gurney.
140) 13) dialog: We have always known that this form  of radical treatment was effective,  but until now it couldn't be applied  on a large scale. The old procedure  required a full day's work by a  surgical team to perform a single  operation. In the same time, working  alone, I can treat fifty.
140) 15) dialog: This procedure works best on patients  with extreme over-reactions to  emotional stimuli. It can also be  used as a last resort on those who  seem impervious to other forms of  treatment.
140) 17) dialog: In plain language, my technique severs  the nerves which give emotional energy  to ideas. Along with the cure comes  a loss of affect... a kind of  emotional flattening...
140) 19) dialog: ...with diminished creativity and  imagination. Patients become like  good solid cake with no icing. But,  after all, it is their emotions and  imaginations that are disturbed.
140) 21) dialog: These patients will soon be leaving  the hospital.
140) 23) dialog: Lobotomy gets 'em home.