4) 6) text: A stately man sitting next to her, her husband JUDGE BENJ HILLIER, puts a restraining hand on her arm. The woman  continues to glare at Frances. Frances stares back, dumbfounded.
5) 11) text: City Hall steps. Judge Hillier and other BIGWIGS speaking heatedly to reporters.
7) 0) text: CLOSE ON Judge Hillier in his robes, identified by a name on the bench.
40) 4) text: Judge Hillier's Wife, whom we recognize as the Woman who  shouted at Frances in the auditorium, steps forward in a  garish gown. She's holding a large key.
40) 5) dialog: Miss Farmer, I can't tell you how  proud I am to meet you.
40) 6) text: She embraces and kisses Frances, who's more than a little put off. After the kiss, she takes firm hold of Frances'  hand and won't let go. Judge Hillier steps to his wife's  side. Lillian also approaches.
40) 7) dialog: On behalf of the Seattle Ladies Club,  as a token of our vast admiration --
40) 9) dialog: (startled) Yes...?
40) 11) dialog: I don't believe so.
40) 13) dialog: No, my dear. You must be mistaken.
40) 15) dialog: I beg your pardon?
40) 17) text: A hideous silence. Judge Hillier is fuming. His wife is  aghast, the key to the city extended awkwardly in front o her. She shoves it into Frances' arms. Frances moves to leave, but her arm is taken by the Studi Executive, who escorts her into the theatre. The crowd  follows. Lillian is utterly mortified.
88) 0) text: Frances, looking disheveled, dazed, and over-tired from a sleepless night in jail, stands alone before the JUDGE. N to the PROSECUTOR sits Tora, her jaw heavily bandaged, gl at Frances. The spectator's section is packed.
88) 1) dialog: ...Is that not true?
88) 3) dialog: Answer the question! Have you driven  a car since you were placed on  probation?
88) 5) dialog: Have you reported to your Probation  Officer as directed?
88) 7) dialog: Did you expect him to look you up?
88) 10) dialog: You're on your way to a contempt  citation, young lady.
88) 12) dialog: Miss Farmer, is it true you fought  with the policeman who arrested you  last night?
88) 14) dialog: Miss Farmer, you were advised at the  last hearing that if you took one  drink of liquor or failed to be a  law-abiding citizen --
88) 18) dialog: That's enough!
88) 19) text: Frances laughs triumphantly and spears the air with her  finger, pointing at the Judge.
88) 21) text: The laughter grows. The Judge bangs his gavel.
88) 22) dialog: Miss Farmer! In light of your flagrant  disregard for the conditions of your  probation, coupled with the  unwarranted assault on the Plaintiff  here... I am forced to order you to  begin serving a sentence of 180 days  in the County Jail.
88) 24) dialog: (rising) You are a deeply troubled young  lady... I only hope you change your  course before it's too late.
88) 25) text: The Judge pounds his gavel. Frances is about to say somet when suddenly the realization of what's happening hits he The Judge is leaving the bench. A REPORTER runs out of th room.
88) 27) text: The Judge ignores this.
88) 29) text: The Judge closes his chambers door behind him. Frances tu slowly. The Matrons are coming toward her.
91) 0) text: Frances is sitting in a wooden chair. The venetian blinds over the tall windows are almost completely closed. The r is dim and terribly quiet. A WOMAN is murmuring something a kindly-looking JUDGE. Another MAN is standing beside he Frances can't quite make out the words.
91) 2) dialog: ...a difficult decision, but, I'm  sure, the proper one.
108) 0) text: Judge Hillier walking... out of the chamber and down a  corridor. His stride is long, his demeanor purposeful. Th corridor leads into a courtroom. Harry standing at attent We hear Hillier climb onto the bench and be introduced by the court official. Harry stares up at the judge.
113) 4) text: DR. DOYLE, a psychiatrist, and the others are seated with Judge Hillier around a table.