95) 0) text: Frances is walking with a NURSE. They pass a variety of o patients, some of whom look old or beaten but few of whom seem overtly crazy.
95) 2) text: The Nurse smiles confidentially at her.
95) 3) dialog: Honey... take my word for it. This  is a resort.
96) 2) text: CAMERA PULLS BACK TO REVEAL Frances strapped down on a wh cot. The Nurse is holding the syringe while a THIN NURSE an ATTENDANT stand by.
96) 4) dialog: It's insulin. It throws your body  into shock.
96) 5) text: Frances looks at her suspiciously, uncertain whether to  believe this, and turns toward the Nurse with the hypoder
96) 6) dialog: (reassuringly) It's just vitamins.
96) 8) dialog: A, C, B-Complex, certain minerals... (inserting hypo) Just stay relaxed... Good, now open  your mouth a sec.
96) 9) text: Frances does. The Attendant jams a rubber bar between her teeth. Frances squirms, fights. The Attendant holds the b in place. And the Nurse pushes the plunger on the hypo.  Frances goes rigid. Her eyes widen, her back arches. With loud hoarse cry she starts to convulse. The SCREEN BEGINS FADE into bright white light. She is unconscious. The SCR IS NOW BLANK.
120) 0) text: A NURSE ushers Frances and two ATTENDANTS into a sparse t room with dilapidated plumbing and fungus growing between the tiles. In the center are three steel baths with hammo suspended above them. The Attendants strap Frances into a bath as Dr. Doyle enters.
121) 2) text: The whole hall joins in. The Nurses make no effort to sto it. Others at Frances' table smile at her, try to push he to her feet. When they succeed, the hall breaks into appl and a new chaotic chant:
139) 0) text: TWO NURSES discuss Frances' condition as we SEE, backgrou that she is getting electroshock treatments from a pair o doctors.
139) 1) dialog: I don't know why they even bother.  She's had enough of this to knock  sense into a bull elephant.
139) 2) dialog: Yeah?
139) 3) dialog: (nods) I checked the files. This one holds  the record for shock treatments.  Four hundred seventeen and no end in  sight.
139) 4) dialog: (wincing) You're kidding.
139) 5) dialog: (indicating the doctors) Yeah, well, you know doctors. They  sure hate to use that word.
139) 6) dialog: What?
139) 7) dialog: 'Incurable.'