3) 0) text: The man walks past the steam filled shower room. There are loud voices of men echoing off the tiles. The man enters a toilet stall. He closes the door. The worker walks through the same area. He enters the adjoining toilet stall...and closes the door. In just a few seconds...the man opens the door to his stall, and leaves. Fives seconds later...the worker leaves. cur TO: INT. HOSPITAL DAY 20. It is more like the sickbay of a military ship. Every- thing is cluttered. It serves the entire mine as the dispensary, infirmary, emergency room, and diagnostic center. There are eight in staff...consisting of four nurses, three paramedics, and Doctor Marian L. Lazarus. Lazarus is an alert looking woman with the features of amature adult, forming the perpetual expression of a twelve year old. Her grey eyes emit a wry fatigue. She is a rumpled, rather sloppy woman, who just doesn't get too excited about things any more. 20 25. Continued. 20. Lazarus is at an area towards the back. Even though the hospital is an impressive array of built-in eguipment, Lazarus’ area is an island of clutter in this sea of efficiency. O'Niel walks in the hospital...past the admitting nurse. He strides towards Lazarus, who is hunched over a stack of paperwork and a computer read out screen,
3) 2) dialog: You did, Doctor.
3) 4) dialog: You said one thou....
9) 0) text: Two paramedics burst into the emergency entrance... pushing a gurney. The young prostitute is lying on it...umconscious. A plasma tube is attached to her wrist. One of the orderlies is holding the clear bottle. The deputies are leading the way for the paramedics. O'Niel is two steps behind. This crowd is met at the emergency entrance by Dr, Lazarus who starts examining the girl as she is being wheeled into an operationg theater. There is a general commotion...with Lazarus barking orders to everybody...the nurse trying to get everything 46. 47. Continued. : : 46. in order...and everyone else getting in their way. cur TO: