2) 0) text: McCall on his break. A DOZEN EMPLOYEES scattered around t room on plastic chairs in front of Formica tables. McCall makes his way to the back table where RALPHIE, a heavyset kid in his 20's sits alone. Takes a seat. Ralphie empties the contents of his bag for McCall to see McCall looks suspicious.
2) 1) dialog: It’s Tuna.
2) 3) dialog: Whole grain. Gluten-free.
2) 5) dialog: Sprouts. Avocado. Veganese Mayo. McCall smiles. Digs into his ground turkey and veggie mi Ralphie bites into his sandwich...
2) 7) dialog: What? Potatoes are a vegetable. Prison yard stare from McCall.
2) 8) dialog: I like crunchy things.
5) 19) text: McCall rolls another Dolly past the Young Dudes slacking INT. HOME DEPOT —- HARDWARE AISLE —- MORNING Ralphie stocking packages of extension cords. Looks aroun to make sure no one is looking... Pushes aside some boxes and reaches his arm to the back o the shelf. Pulls out... A bag of sunflower seeds?
9) 0) text: McCall sitting with Ralphie going over his food plan when SEVERAL EMPLOYEES singing “Happy Birthday” enter the room SUPERVISOR GEORGIE holds a donut sporting a lit candle. McCall reacts with confusion as Georgie puts the donut in front of him. Georgie laughs at McCall’s blank look.
15) 0) text: Several LUNCH TRUCKS parked out front. Orange Vests sprinkled out, eating under trees or on the grass. Not McCall or Ralphie. 18. They're at the far edge of the lot, McCall putting Ralphi through an exercise routine. Urging him to do one more pu up, one more push up.
15) 2) dialog: I am, SIR!
23) 0) text: McCall at his table. Eating his mixture when Ralphie plop down across from him. Removes his lunch. Including a can Pringles. McCall staring at them.
23) 2) dialog: They’re for you. (off McCall’s look) Open it. McCall does. Nothing inside except a piece of paper with number “210” written on it. McCall looks up.
23) 3) dialog: What I weighed this morning. Down 9 pounds. I made the weight. 28. McCall grins.
23) 4) dialog: Gonna ace that test tomorrow, Mr. McCall. Thanks to you. They knock knuckles. Ralphie notices the broken skin on McCall’s knuckles.
23) 5) dialog: What happened?
28) 0) text: A few mismatched tables and a take-out counter. A wall in the dining area is blackened and charred from f A couple booths ruined by water damage. Two YOUNG MEN and OLDER WOMAN are working to clean up the mess. Ralphie walks out of the back room and sees McCall standi in the doorway. Face lighting up.
28) 1) dialog: Mr. McCall!
28) 3) dialog: My mom had a little accident here. Gonna have to help around here now. Turns to the older woman and tenderly motions her over.
28) 4) dialog: Mama...esto es mi amigo, del trabajo, el Sr. McCall. El que me ha estado ayudando. (beat) This is my mother Marta. Those are my brothers Rico and Manny. 31. McCall looks around. SEES the love and hard work put into the place. Notices holes punched in the ceiling.
28) 6) dialog: No. Happened after hours.
29) 0) text: McCall walks with Ralphie to the dumpster where he tosses some ruined floorboards.
29) 1) dialog: Probably a faulty wire or something.
29) 4) dialog: Lot of the people in this neighborhood are new to this country. They don’t have much except their businesses. We're easy targets. So men come in and say, for so much money every month, they’11l look out for us. Make sure nothing happens. So you pay. When business gets better, it goes up. When business is slow you still pay. You don’t... Ralphie is quiet a moment, the vestiges of defeat, loss a resignation passing over this gentle man’s face. 32.
29) 5) dialog: They gave my Mama a week to make it up. We’re gonna open for breakfast. See if we can make enough extra. Me and my brothers are gonna do the morning shift so my mother can rest. An odd mixture of compassion and steeliness on McCall’s f Nods his understanding that life sometimes sucks. Ralphie starts back inside.
29) 7) dialog: They are the police.
31) 0) text: Plastic bags cover the holes in the ceiling. A thin coat paint barely masks the burnt wall. SEVERAL FAMILIES dinin But the room is subdued. 35. Then we see why: NYPD DETECTIVES, HARRIS and GILLY occupy only booth. Large, red-faced men with predatory intent. Meals finished they slide out of the booth and stroll to register where Ralphie’s mother waits. Gilly takes a tooth pick. Ralphie’s dispirited mother removes an envelope from her apron and slides it across h counter. Harris takes it.
37) 0) text: Ralphie’s mother taking the brown paper bag and looking i it.
38) 0) text: McCall stocking a pallet of Garden Hoses. Looks up as Ralphie walks by, Orange Vest and work gloves on, huge sm on his face...
39) 2) dialog: Standing near the Home Depot bench. Resplendent in his bl SECURITY GUARD UNIFORM...
43) 0) text: EMPLOYEES leaving for the night. McCall one of them. Bumping knuckles with Ralphie in his powder blue uniform. We’re WATCHING THIS FROM...
49) 0) text: POLICE finishing up. McCall signs his statement. Gives Jenny a pat and walks over to a despondent Ralphie.
76) 0) text: Ralphie standing by the front door with his keys. Young Dudes looking spiffy heading home for the weekend.
76) 3) dialog: Tips?
76) 5) dialog: Fuck you... Good natured LAUGHS as the Dudes head off. Ralphie about to the lock the door when a man steps insid
76) 6) dialog: We're closed... Ralphie looks up into the face of Masters who shows him the Beretta jammed into his belt.
77) 0) text: Masters walking Ralphie to the back of the store. Meeting with Buddy and Pederson who have Jenny, Manny and SEVERAL OTHERS. At the SAME TIME...
81) 0) text: Employees on the floor. Hands tie-wrapped behind their backs. Just the SOUND of breathing... Masters rolls the gate shut. Locks it with a padlock. Tak out his phone and starts to dial when... Kool and the Gang begins playing over the store's PA Syst All three snapping into tense mode. Guns coming out... Masters unlocks the cage. Points his weapon at Ralphie.
81) 6) dialog: No one. I swear... Pederson grabs Masters arm. Points him to the SECURITY MONITORS. Masters follows his look to CAMERA 16. Middle of the stor A LONE FIGURE moves like a Ghost down a center aisle.
84) 0) text: The SOUNDS coming from inside the store waft over Ralphie the other hostages. The SCREAMS frighten them into puddles... Buddy backs away from the gate.
84) 53) dialog: At the FRONT ENTRANCE. Bicycle Chain the only thing betwe Masters and freedom.
94) 3) dialog: You didn’t hear? Some guys broke in and took a bunch of us hostage. Was a big showdown and a bunch of guys got killed. No one’s telling us much else. Classified or something.
94) 5) dialog: Mr. McCall? McCall turns. Ralphie holds up the PAIR OF PLIERS with th price tag on it.
94) 6) dialog: Mind putting these back for me? The look that passes between them is understood instantly both. This is our secret. And will remain so. McCall smiles. Takes the pliers and heads down the aisle. Back to work...