11) 6) dialog: (Russian accent) You call number... they send you another one. Just as good. Tell them Slavi said. Gets back in the Van and drives off. McCall turns the car over in his hand. An escort service.
19) 10) dialog: No talking. Talking is not problem. Listening is problem. Presses harder. Opens a small cut in her throat. Teri GROANS. Uses the knife to push Teri to her knees in. Other hand unzips his pants and forces himself into her mouth. Slavi uses the knife to control Teri’s head. Boris moves behind Teri. Rips her pants open and violentl enters her from behind. The rest stare glassy-eyed as Sla and Boris rape Teri.
22) 0) text: THREE prison-hard THUGS sprawled on the couch watching th TV. Boris waddles in and plops down in front of Slavi who sit behind a large desk. Tosses an envelope onto the desk. Slavi drops the envelope on an antique scale - sees it’s correct - and slides it into the top drawer. Pours a shot for Boris... When the DOOR OPENS and Robert McCall steps inside...
22) 2) dialog: You lost, dedushka? McCall hesitates. Makes his way to the desk. Places the card Slavi gave him in front of him.
22) 4) dialog: I give out lots of cards. You want pussy, dedushka? You still get it up? Chuckles from everybody. McCall waits for it to stop.
22) 7) dialog: I think you have the wrong address, dedushka. 22.
22) 11) dialog: You want to give me four thousand dollars. For what?
22) 13) dialog: This whore. What’s her name again?
22) 15) dialog: (pretending to think) Doesn't ring a bell. Whoever she is she must really know how to suck cock. The muscle LAUGH.
22) 16) dialog: Believe this guy? Gonna give me four thousand for one pussy. Must be Ferrari pussy... (to McCall) How many fucks you got left, man? Enough you pay four thousand I guess. Slavi turns cancer serious. 23.
22) 17) dialog: The fuck you think you are? Come in here and offer money for my girl. Four thousand. Why not forty thousand? Four hundred thousand? You fucking Americans think you can come into my place of business and buy whatever you want!? You think you set the price? Fucking beautiful Russian girl... You fucking insult me. All eyes boring in on McCall. An eternity of SILENCE. The Slavi bursts out laughing.
22) 18) dialog: Look... he almost wet his pants! I'm fucking with you, man. You got big balls coming here. I like that. Okay. Be Mr. White Knight. The fuck do I care. Slavi holds out his hand...
22) 19) dialog: Four thousand eight hundred for the pussy.... McCall takes it.
22) 20) dialog: A month. McCall goes to pull away but Slavi tightens his grip.
22) 21) dialog: You think one-time payment? For pussy like that? Lets go of McCall’s hand.
22) 22) dialog: Go home and jerk off four thousand eight hundred times. Then come back. She be used up then and I sell her to you. McCall realizes that’s it. Turns towards the door. 24. Slavi nods to one of the Muscle who grabs a six-inch blad from a table and shoves it up his sleeve. Moves behind McCall as McCall reaches for the door knob. Only McCall does something unexpected... HE LOCKS IT.
22) 30) dialog: Gasping for breath. Hyperventilating. Handless arm aspirating blood into the carpet. Good hand fumbling with his Cell Phone... McCall crouches beside him. Takes Slavi’s Cell from his hand. Voice quiet and devoid of smugness.