62) 0) text: McCall, Plummer and his wife SUSAN sit at an old plank ta Lace table cloth, aged flatware and china, garden picked flowers. The three eat in comfortable silence. No one feeling the need to ruin the meal.
63) 0) text: McCall washing. Plummer drying. Susan brings in the empty serving trays. Exchanges looks with her husband then walk out for the rest.
64) 0) text: Well-worn early Native American. Pendleton blankets and throws. Fire going. McCall settled into a chair next to i Plummer cracks walnuts on the couch. Susan comes in with a tray of drinks. Sets it down on the slab of redwood that stands in for a coffee table. Hands McCall a cup of hot water and the exact tea bag we've see him use at the diner. After a beat of silence Plummer stands.
64) 2) dialog: If you’ve come for my help I can’t give you any. I have no influence these days. I fly to DC three days a week. Sit in a office reserved for people with secrets too scary to let completely out of sight. I think they're afraid I’m going to write a book or something. Apparently that’s what retired spooks do out here. If McCall hears her he doesn’t let on. Finally takes his eyes from the fireplace. Looks at Susan...
64) 4) dialog: Nothing. The CIA doesn’t care about pimps. Russian or otherwise. So start with the fact they weren’t pimps. Selling girls was a hobby. Susan waits for McCall to process this. 65.
64) 5) dialog: Think Amazon. Big. All encompassing. Sells everything. Place an order it’s delivered to your doorstep. Items are shipped to you from various warehouses across the country. (beat) Amazon employs teams to run those hubs. (beat) The Russians - specifically, Vladamir Pushkin - are the black market Amazon. Gasoline, weapons, drugs, bonds, executions, extortion, secrets, you name it they provide it. Pushkin considers the US the biggest shopping mall in the world. (beat) You took out Pushkin’s East Coast team. Shut down a hub. Your CIA friends were paid to protect that from happening. Now they’re looking for blood. (beat) More tea?
65) 0) text: Rolling hills likes waves on a black sea. A long rail fence that disappears into the horizon. McCal and Susan leaning against it. Silhouetted by the cobalt night sky and lit by an old Coleman lantern. A long moment.
65) 1) dialog: When they told me you were dead, I didn’t believe it. Not from something as trivial as an IED. It just wasn’t you, Robert. (beat) That you're alive is a relief. But not a surprise. Jason and I talked a great deal about you over the years. If anyone could have figured a way out. (MORE )
65) 3) dialog: A way to walk away for good, start fresh... it would have been you. (beat) Either way I figured I'd never see you again. Preferred it that way. I imagined you wandering the earth searching for some peace, some understanding of yourself. Wondering if you’d find it in time. Lantern FLAME flickers in McCall’s eyes.
65) 4) dialog: In all my years as a handler there was no one ever like you. Your skills were undefinable. A mind that saw things no one else did. In ways no one else could. (beat) What you did for your country cannot be measured. You saved lives too many to count. Yet it didn’t feel good to you. Even though what we did mattered, it didn’t feel right to you.
65) 6) dialog: The meaning. I know... Flame starting to die out.
65) 7) dialog: The greatest violins cannot hear music. The most beautiful paintings cannot see the joy they bring. It’s simply the way it is. (beat) We can't all be heroes, Robert. Someone has to sit on the curb and clap as they go by. A LONG silence.
65) 9) dialog: Yes you did. McCall looks at Susan.
65) 10) dialog: It was clear. It was just. It mattered. A NIGHTHAWK swoops across the Valley. Gliding low in sear of prey...
65) 11) dialog: We must be the thing we are. Your gift wasn’t right for our gray, murky world. Your soul needed black and white. A clear reason. (beat) You’re an instrument of justice, Robert. You can’t run from that. Flame so low we can only see their eyes.
65) 12) dialog: But you knew this before you came here. Susan turns to look at McCall for the first time.
65) 13) dialog: You didn’t come here for help. You came here for permission. McCall doesn’t move. Knows it’s true.
65) 14) dialog: There were rumors about rogue CIA teams for years. Basically doing contract work for interests abroad. (beat) What you’re talking about is different. High level Field Agents on US soil. An arrangement with a Pushkin would make them extremely dangerous. Anyone perceived as a threat would be terminated. (sighs) Were I talking to anyone else my advice would be this: Minneapolis is wonderful this time of year. (MORE )
65) 16) dialog: (beat) But I’m not. I’m talking to a force of nature. Susan lifts the Coleman and turns it off. For a brief mom we are immersed in the absence of the light. When our eye adjust, here, away from cities and the things of man, all seems right. The two stand framed against this wonder. We can’t see th anymore. We just HEAR...
65) 17) dialog: All I can say is heaven help them.
92) 0) text: Susan Plummer sits in the back. Miller and Ward silently front. The two exchange looks. Ward puts the car in gear and dri off. EXT. MCCALL’S APARTMENT BUILDING Car pulling up out front.
93) 0) text: Susan glances up at McCall’s apartment building.
93) 1) dialog: I expected more. 101.
93) 4) dialog: Life is a fight. But not everyone’s a fighter. That’s where you come in, Robert. (beat) You're an equalizer. McCall lets it sink in. Gets out without another word and the car drives away.