39) 5) dialog: Mr. McCall. Voice soft and face with a charming, almost ever-constant smile. This is TEDDY COLEMAN. Forties, with ceramic black eyes. Body language like a walking credential. His whole being vibrates... wrong.
39) 6) dialog: Sorry to bother you. I’m investigating a homicide that occurred in Brighton Beach ‘bout 10 days ago. McCall's face gives nothing away.
39) 7) dialog: Five guys dead. Russian joint.
39) 9) dialog: You were? McCall smiles.
39) 11) dialog: Got me there. (beat) Just checking to see if any of the patrons remembered anything suspicious.
39) 13) dialog: You did?
39) 15) dialog: Your waiter?
39) 17) dialog: That accounts for the poor Zagat rating. (beat) So nothing unusual.
39) 19) dialog: Okay then. About to go. Stops...
39) 22) dialog: Pirozhki. That’s the little pie with the onions, meat stuffed inside. Sounds good right about now. Haven’t had dinner yet. (good natured smile. Then...) I ask because there’s 7 authentic Russian restaurants within walking distance of your apartment. I assume they all serve Pirozhkis? 42. A jolt of electricity hits the air. You couldn’t tell it McCall’s face. Remains neutral.
39) 24) dialog: Guess I should talk to...
39) 26) dialog: Well. Thank you for your time then.
39) 28) dialog: Must’ve given them all out. not making 43. Teddy starts for the stairs...
39) 30) dialog: Excuse me?
39) 32) dialog: That’s what we do, Mr. McCall. Find people we need to find. McCall smiles.
39) 34) dialog: I always do.
40) 0) text: Idling curb side. Exhaust swirling into the air obliterat outside commotion. Teddy slides into the back seat. MASTERS turns. Teddy Jr. with matching haircut and morals but none of Teddy’s stre smarts.
42) 8) dialog: Downloads McCall’s HOME DEPOT FILE and hits PRINT. Paper spitting into the tray...
43) 3) dialog: Bring it in.
46) 0) text: A PRIVATE 747 sits wheels down and motionless at the end Runway 13L. Far from the terminal buildings. TSA VEHICLE crossing the TARMAC and pulling up next to th jumbo jet. Teddy Coleman is let out. Climbs the steps to the plane.
47) 0) text: Teddy and his THREE GUYS sitting in the glow of a DOZEN plasma screens. Frustrated looks all around.
47) 1) dialog: Three, four guys walk into a room, I don’t care you know ‘em or not, you prepare. These were hard core killers. (MORE )
47) 3) dialog: Not one of them gets their pieces out. No defensive wounds either. Teddy reads over the Police Report for the umpteenth time
47) 6) dialog: Bunch of clowns. Company Intel had that group back in Moscow before her body hit the incinerator. Guy with the Buddy Holly glasses swivels his chair around
47) 9) dialog: We're looking at this wrong. We keep figuring a group. Looking at the patrons downstairs as some sort of look-out for the killing team. (beat) What if one of them WAS the killer. All eyes move to Teddy.
47) 10) dialog: What if it was one guy.
54) 2) dialog: I’m waiting for the fucking confirmation!
57) 0) text: Teddy and his Men in the middle of what’s left of the pla The SOUND of shoes on glass as they walk...
57) 2) dialog: When I was at Coronado there were stories about a disavowed team operating out of Bahrain. Reeked havoc on networks and cells in the area. Six guys with skills so off the charts it seemed like a joke. Until I met them. Then I got it. These were guys with particular expertise. (beat) They mentioned there used to be a seventh. I think we just met him. The gravity sinking in as POLICE SIRENS grow LOUDER and coming from ALL DIRECTIONS...
57) 4) dialog: Bunch of Russians shooting each other over weapons, drugs... Classified investigation, need to know, blah, blah... 1I’11 handle it. Fires FOUR SHOTS into Con Ed Guy.
57) 5) dialog: Make sure they’re all like him.
57) 10) dialog: Guy was prepared for this. He’1ll have his next 10 moves worked out. That means we’re nine behind him. EXT. MCCALL’S APARTMENT BUILDING Teddy and his Men exit the walk-up and slip into their do parked Suburban.
57) 11) dialog: Call DHS. Fill ‘emin. Call McCall a person of interest. Detain only status. Suburban pulling into traffic. WATCHING this from...
58) 4) dialog: You've reached my cell. Leave a message or call my office at 212- 246-7614. McCall jots the number down. Dials it. After THREE RINGS.
66) 0) text: An upscale LOFT in SOHO. Teddy on a treadmill running hard. Has been for some time Massive chest heaving as he pushes himself to the limit.
67) 0) text: A large shower already running. Teddy’s head under the steaming water. Letting the stream run over his face. Looks down and realizes the water is pooling at his feet. The drain is plugged. Bends down to open it... When lights go out.
67) 1) dialog: What the... Teddy slides opens the glass door and SEES...
67) 3) dialog: Who are you? McCall stays quiet. Teddy tries to move again. McCall snaps out the cord - shocking him again. Teddy jumps back. Room filling with steam now... McCall’s image is getting faint. Ghost-like. Begins touching the two ends of the cord together. Lighti his face through the mist in brief hypnotic flashes. Teddy stays frozen in the shower.
67) 4) dialog: You don’t know who you're fucking with.
67) 6) dialog: If you did, this would be the last place you'd... McCall throws the cord again. Hits the water... this time leaves it a bit... SPARKS FLASH as Teddy trembles. The massive jolt surging through his body. McCall snaps the cord back. Teddy breathes heavy and braces himself against the walls the shower. McCall sparking the ends of the wire again. Steam getting thicker. McCall’s image fainter.
67) 10) dialog: You going to kill me, do it.
67) 12) dialog: What do you want, McCall? McCall stares at Teddy through the dense steam... Almost disappearing. Tosses the cord out again and leaves it. Teddy trembles a the VOLTAGE COURSES THROUGH HIS BODY. Eyes bulge, hands g the sides of the shower... When it’s almost too much to bear... The cord snaps back. Teddy falls in the shower GASPING for breath. Room now filled with steam. Can’t see more than a few inches. Out the steam the cord ends spark like an orange beacon. TEDDY (CONT’D)
67) 16) dialog: You think so...
67) 21) dialog: Clears the house. Room to room. Nothing. Gets to the FOYE and SEES he FRONT DOOR wide open...
67) 23) dialog: He was here!
67) 25) dialog: McCall!
67) 27) dialog: 
67) 30) dialog: Get a hold of everybody. I want a meet in 30.
69) 1) dialog: Pederson takes the whore’s apartment... Stabs a plastic fork in his SALAD and takes a bite. Cheap Radio Shack Sound Amplifier under the table. $49.00 and g up to 100 feet. Pointed at...
69) 4) dialog: He wants our heads. That’s all we need to know.
74) 0) text: Humming with SECURITY PERSONNEL. Everybody emptying pockets and checked by GUARDS before stepping through SOPHISTICATED BODY SCANNERS. Including Teddy and Buddy. Walking to the SECURE ELEVATOR where they wait in SILENCE. Teddy playing the game with McCall in his head. After a moment...
74) 1) dialog: Everybody cares about something...
75) 0) text: Typical Field Agent’s space. File Boxes piled everywhere. Six year old computer tied to a secure line. Teddy at the window pondering the next move when his CELL RINGS. Recognizes the number and picks up.
75) 1) dialog: Better be what I want to hear. 76.
75) 4) dialog: Gotta tell you I consider myself a smart guy. Still can’t figure this. Why you...
76) 11) dialog: I was hoping you'd call.
76) 13) dialog: Figured you would. You can’t get to it. Or prove it’s mine...
76) 15) dialog: Walking through the PARKING GARAGE underneath Oddly calm. His eyes saying... this was fun lasted.
76) 16) dialog: Know the difference between me and you?
76) 18) dialog: I don’t give a shit. About anything. But you do. And that puts a big bulls-eye on your back. Took me a while to figure it out. (beat) I'll be laser straight with you. Thirty minutes. Boat Basin. Just me and you.
76) 20) dialog: Ralph Marquez, Jennifer Gould, Manny Ramirez and the six other Orange vests won’t be going home tonight.
76) 22) dialog: Violence without a message is a waste of movement. Don’t you think? HOLD on McCall’s face. Audio collapse washing over him. Suddenly the city, its noise, its commotion doesn’t exist Eyes flat and hard. Whatever forms this man’s soul begins spread through his entire body. When his answer comes it’s soft and measured.
78) 0) text: Teddy leaning against his car. Staring down at his PDA. O THE SCREEN is a GPS screen. McCall’s CELL NUMBER highligh and moving South... Teddy smiles. DIALS...
79) 2) dialog: Thought you might go ICBM on me. You're making the right decision. For better or worse it was always going to end this way.. McCall keeps moving.
84) 9) dialog: Second thoughts?
85) 0) text: A glass and steel modern structure with spiraled columns designed to support nothing except public awe and reveren Teddy coming out of the Bank pocketing AN ENVELOPE. Hits remote. About to climb in when HE SEES... TWO suit-clad MEN on the near corner. Eyes directly on Teddy. Now SEES another TWO MEN on the far corner. Looks across the street... FOUR MORE MEN in SUITS. ALL looking at Teddy.
86) 0) text: Miller behind the wheel. Ward shotgun. Teddy behind the chicken wire screen in the back. 97. Hands cuffed behind his back.
88) 0) text: Teddy looking around. SEES the CITY being swallowed up by the overgrown TREES...
88) 1) dialog: Where the fuck we going?
90) 3) dialog: I understand enough.
90) 6) dialog: What the fuck are you talking about? It was bad guys killing worse guys. You don’t think that exists every fucking place in the world?
90) 8) dialog: Wake up you self-righteous prick. The whole cake’s been divided down to the last crumb. You take what you can get when you can get it. (beat) I didn’t design the system. I simply learned how to play it and win it. (beat) I got seven million dollars in my pocket. It’s yours. Take it. Dole it out to your ecosystem McCall cracks the front windows. Stares out at the water a few moments.
90) 13) dialog: Lot of money. Don’t be so smug. In my ecosystem I’1l do four years in some country club prison, get out, move to Dubai. Sell my knowledge and services to some Sheik who likes the idea of having an ex-CIA Agent on his staff. In two years, I'll be a millionaire all over again. McCall takes the check and sticks it on the rearview mirr
90) 15) dialog: Hey!
91) 1) dialog: 
91) 3) text: McCall watches as the car lists down the embankment towar the water. Watches Teddy panic in the back seat, face twisted in impotent fury. Front end of the car hitting the WATER... Teddy pressing face to the small opening on the window.
91) 4) dialog: What’s this make you? McCall doesn’t bother to answer. The car sinking, hood already submerged. Water rushing through the open windows... Teddy staring through the bac window. Into McCall’s eyes. McCall doesn’t look away. Resignation washing over Teddy. Both men now calm, dispassionate... Water rising above Teddy’s chest, chin, then his face... Finally the car disappearing under water.