1) 0) text: We are still moving through light planes, but now we are  inside the hangar. Some of the planes have their engine c open, parts strewn around. Others are partially covered w tarps or have sections missing. There is even a sleek  executive jet parked in one corner. As we float past the planes we notice a woman leaning aga the wing of a Piper Cub, her chest against the wing's tra edge, her arms spread out to each side, as though flying  herself. As we get closer we see that her jacket is pulle open to expose one of her breasts, which rests on the met of the wing. CU breast on metal. CU hard nipple and rivets. CU woman -- Catherine. Early thirties, dark, short hair,  stylish executive clothes. Her eyes are wide open but  unfocussed. A hand grips her shoulder from behind. We fol the hand down behind Catherine and discover a man crouche behind her, kissing her back. Catherine is standing on a low mechanic's platform and he skirt has been raised and hooked over the wing's flap. Sh wears garters and stockings but no panties. The man, handsome, cruel-looking, rises up behind her, en her, kisses her neck. Catherine half closes her eyes. She rotates her pelvis gently against the thrusting.
5) 0) text: Catherine stands at the railing of the balcony of the Bal apartment, which overlooks a busy expressway near the air Her arms are spread wide as they were in the airplane han only now it is James, her husband, who is standing behind her. They are both half naked, and he is inside her. Their sex-making is disconnected, passionless, as though would disappear if they noticed it. An urgent, uninterrup flow of cars streams below them.
5) 2) dialog: In the private aircraft hangar.  Anybody could have walked in.
5) 4) dialog: No. What about your camera girl? Did  she come?
5) 6) text: Catherine turns toward James and pulls open her blouse,  exposing her left breast. She pulls James's face down and presses her nipple against his cheek.
5) 7) dialog: Poor darling. (pause) What can I do about Karen? How can I  arrange to have her seduce me? She  desperately needs a conquest.
6) 0) text: James lingers among racks of nightdresses outside a chang cubicle. Monitored by a bored, seen-it-all middle-aged  saleswoman, James glances now and then through the curtai to watch Karen help Catherine try on underwear. Karen, Catherine's secretary, a moody, unsmiling girl, is methodically involved in the soft technology of Catherine breasts and the brassiГЁres designed to show them off. Karen touches Catherine with peculiar caresses, tapping h lightly with the tips of her fingers, first upon the  shoulders, along the pink grooves left by her underwear,  then across her back, where the metal clasps of her brass have left a medallion of impressed skin, and finally on t elastic-patterned grooves beneath Catherine's breasts  themselves. Catherine stands through this in a trance-like state, gab to herself in a low voice, as the tip of Karen's right  forefinger surreptitiously touches her nipple.
7) 0) text: James sits in the car beside his wife. She watches as his fingers move across the control panel, switching on the  ignition, the direction indicator, selecting the drive le fastening his seat-belt. As the car moves off, James puts his free hand between  Catherine's thighs.
16) 0) text: We are close on a face having makeup applied to it. It is very pale, blotchy face, and the makeup is smoothing it,  making it appear healthy and even slightly tanned. There also some crude black stitches in this face, and we reali that it is James's face, and that a very serious Catherin is applying the makeup. James's legs are up in a sling, drainage tubes coming fro both knees. Wounds on his chest: broken skin around the l edge of the sternum, where the horn boss had been driven  upwards by the collapsing engine compartment; a semicircu bruise, a marbled rainbow, running from one nipple to the other. Stitches in the laceration across the scalp, a sec hairline an inch below the original. Unshaven face and  fretting hands. Catherine is dressed more for a smart lunch with an airli executive than to visit her husband in hospital.
16) 1) dialog: There, that's better.
16) 3) text: James examines himself in her hand-mirror, staring at his pale, mannequin-like face, trying to read its lines. Catherine looks around her as she puts her makeup away. T are twenty-three other beds in the briskly efficient-look new ward, all of them empty.
16) 4) dialog: Not a lot of action here.
16) 6) dialog: If I groundloop during my flying  lesson on Saturday you might wake up  and find me next to you.
16) 8) text: Catherine crosses her legs and tries to light a cigarette with a heavy, mechanically complex lighter with which she obviously unfamiliar.
16) 10) dialog: Yes. From Wendel. To celebrate the  licence approval for our air-charter  firm. I forgot to tell you.
16) 11) text: Catherine finally succeeds in lighting the cigarette. She takes a deep drag. James props himself up on his elbow,  breathing with transparent pain.
16) 13) dialog: Well, yes. (pause) You're getting out of bed tomorrow.  They want you to walk.
16) 14) text: James gestures for the cigarette. Catherine puts the warm tip, stained with pink lipstick, into his mouth.
16) 15) dialog: The other man, the dead man, his  wife is a doctor -- Dr Helen  Remington. She's here, somewhere. As  a patient, of course. Maybe you'll  find her in the hallways tomorrow on  your walk.
16) 17) dialog: He was a chemical engineer with a  food company.
16) 20) text: As Catherine retrieves the cigarette from James and stubs out in a glass, the nurse examines Catherine's glamorous  figure, her expensive suit, her jewelry.
16) 22) dialog: Yes.
16) 24) text: The nurse pulls the bedclothes back and digs the urine bo from between James's legs. She checks the level and,  satisfied, drops it back, flips over the sheets again. Both Catherine and James watch her closely, her sly thigh under her gingham, the movement of her breasts as she ben to check the chart at the foot of the bed, the pulse in h throat. The nurse catches them watching her, smiles  enigmatically back at them, and leaves. Catherine pulls out a manila folder from her bag and slip set of storyboards for a commercial out of it.
16) 25) dialog: Aida telephoned to say how sorry she  was, but could you look at the  storyboards again, she's made a number  of changes.
16) 26) text: James waves the folder away. Catherine examines his body, aloofly curious.
16) 28) dialog: Outside in the visitors' car-park.
16) 30) dialog: My car, not yours. Yours is a complete  wreck. The police dragged it to the  pound behind the station.
16) 32) dialog: The sergeant asked me to identify  it. He didn't believe you'd gotten  out alive.
16) 34) dialog: It is?
18) 0) text: Catherine washes James's body as he lies in his hospital  bed, gently exploring his bruises and his wounds.
18) 1) dialog: Both front wheels and the engine  were driven back into the driver's  section, bowing the floor. Blood  still marked the hood, streamers of  black lace running toward the  windshield-wiper gutters.
18) 2) text: Catherine resoaps her right hand from the bar in the wet  saucer on the bed tray, a cigarette in her left. James st her stockinged thigh as she continues her monologue.
18) 3) dialog: Minute flecks were spattered across  the seat and steering wheel. The  instrument panel was buckled inwards,  cracking the clock and the speedometer  dials. The cabin was deformed, and  there was dust and glass and plastic  flakes everywhere inside. The  carpeting was damp and stank of blood  and other body and machine fluids.
18) 5) dialog: I wish I had. They bury the dead so  quickly -- they should leave them  lying around for months.
18) 7) dialog: No, I couldn't. I feel too close to  her.
19) 0) text: Catherine and James travel home in the back seat of a tax Learning against the rear window of the taxi, James finds himself flinching with excitement toward the approaching  traffic streams, which now seem threatening and super-rea Catherine watches him, aware that he is over-exhilarated, very excited herself by his new sensitivity to the traffi
20) 0) text: James sits in a reclining chair on the balcony of his  apartment, looking down through the anodized balcony rail at the neighborhood ten stories below. Cars fill the suburban streets, choking the parking-lots the supermarkets, ramped on to the pavements. Two minor  accidents have caused a massive tail-back along the flyov which crosses the entrance tunnel to the airport. In one them, a white laundry-van has bumped into the back of a s filled with wedding guests. James gazes raptly down at this immense motion sculpture, this incomprehensible pinball machine. Catherine comes on to the balcony, kneels down beside him begins to toy lovingly with the scars on his knees.
20) 1) dialog: Renata tells me you're going to rent  a car.
20) 3) dialog: How can you drive? James... your  legs. You can barely walk.
20) 5) dialog: I've never really noticed. Is Renata  going with you?
20) 7) dialog: I'm amazed that she'll let you drive  her.
20) 9) dialog: Maybe I am a little. (rising) James, I've got to leave for the  office. Are you going to be all right?
27) 0) text: James proudly shows off his new car to Catherine and Kare at their offices at the airport. The car is identical to one he crashed. James sits sideways in the driver's seat, door open, weir jaunty.
27) 1) dialog: I can't believe you've done this.
27) 3) dialog: Yes, it is. (to James) Are you planning to have another car  crash?
27) 5) text: James is telling the truth. What he is thinking about is way that Karen's hip casually brushes against Catherine's hip, without either woman seeming to be conscious of it.
34) 0) text: James and Catherine make love in the same position as in preceding scene. James's thoughts keep flashing back to himself and Helen his car, the images mixing confusingly with his present  lovemaking to Catherine.
47) 5) text: As Vaughan hunts around the central table, turning the pa of a leather-bound album, James looks down at the discard prints below his feet. Most of them are crude frontal pic of motor-cars and heavy vehicles involved in highway  collisions, surrounded by spectators and police, and clos ups of impacted radiator grills and windshields. Vaughan opens the album at random and hands it to James. leans back against the door and watches as James adjusts desk lamp. The first thirty pages record the crash, hospitalization, and post-recuperative romance of the young woman Gabriell a social worker, the photos suggest -- who is currently  getting very stoned in the next room. By coincidence, her small sports car had collided with an airline bus at the entry to the airport not far from the  site of James's own accident. Vaughan had obviously been  there, shooting film, moments after the crash. The incred detailed photos end with her affair with her physical the instructor. The remainder of the album describes the course of James' own accident and recovery, and includes his sexual encoun with Renata, Helen Remington, and his own wife, Catherine Vaughan stands at James's shoulder, like an instructor re to help a promising pupil. James closes the book.
48) 0) text: James watches Renata and Catherine talking animatedly at other end of his office. He can't hear what they are sayi but Renata is showing Catherine layouts of ads involving  images of private planes flying in formation. They touch  each other from time to time without seeming to notice it but James notices it.
49) 0) text: James and Catherine set off for home in their own separat cars. At times, they are within sight of each other and J watches her microscopically, as though he didn't know her as though, perhaps, she isn't human. At one point he sees her with her hands resting on the  steering wheel, her right index finger picking at an old  adhesive label on the windshield. And then, abruptly, James is aware of the dented fender o Vaughan's Lincoln only a few feet behind Catherine's spor car. Vaughan now surges past James, crowding along the roadway if waiting for Catherine to make a mistake. Startled,  Catherine takes refuge in front of an airline bus in the  nearside lane. Vaughan drives alongside the bus, using hi horn and lights to force the driver back, and again cuts behind Catherine. James moves ahead along the center lane, shouting to Vaug as he passes him, but Vaughan is signalling to Catherine, pumping his headlights at her rear fender. Without thinking, Catherine pulls into the courtyard of a filling station, forcing Vaughan into a heavy U-turn. Tir screaming, he swings around the ornamental flower-bed wit its glazed pottery plants, but James blocks his way with own car. Heart racing, Catherine sits still in her car among the f pumps, her eyes flashing at Vaughan. James steps from his car and walks across to Vaughan, who watches James approach as if he had never seen him before scarred mouth working on a piece of gum as he gazes at th aircrafts taking off from the airport.
50) 0) text: James and Catherine lie naked in bed, she with her back t him, buttocks pressed into his groin. He is inside her.
50) 1) dialog: He must have fucked a lot of women  in that huge car of his. It's like a  bed on wheels. It must smell of  semen...
50) 3) dialog: Do you find him attractive?
50) 5) dialog: Would you like to fuck him, though?  In that car?
50) 7) dialog: Have you seen his penis?
50) 9) dialog: Is he circumcised? Can you imagine  what his anus is like? Describe it  to me. Would you like to sodomize  him? Would you like to put your penis  right into his anus, thrust it up  his anus? Tell me, describe it to  me. Tell me what you would do. How  would you kiss him in that car?  Describe how you'd reach over and  unzip his greasy jeans, then take  out his penis. Would you kiss it or  suck it right away? Which hand would  you hold it in? Have you ever sucked  a penis? Do you know what semen tastes  like? Have you ever tasted semen?  Some semen is saltier than others.  Vaughan's semen must be very salty...
60) 0) text: James walks out into the nearly deserted parking-lot to f two cars parked in front of Vaughan's Lincoln: a police p car and Catherine's white sports car. One policeman is inspecting the Lincoln, peering through dusty windows, with Vaughan fidgeting beside him. The oth stands beside Catherine's car, questioning her. James slows guiltily as both policemen begin to talk to  Vaughan. Catherine spots James and walks crisply over to  him.
60) 1) dialog: They're questioning Vaughan about an  accident near the airport. Some  pedestrian... they think he was run  over intentionally.
60) 4) dialog: You'd better drive him. He's a bit  shaky. I'll follow in my car. Where  is yours?
60) 6) dialog: I'd better come with you, then. Are  you sure you can drive?
60) 7) text: As Catherine and James walk toward Vaughan, he reaches in the rear seat of his car and pulls out a white sweatshirt As he takes off his denim jacket, the falling light picks out the scars on his naked abdomen and chest, a constella of white chips that circle his body from the left armpit  down to his crotch.
62) 0) text: Catherine has half hidden herself behind the passenger se Her steady eyes follow the skid marks and loops of  bloodstained oil that cross the familiar macadam like a b diagram. Vaughan, by contrast, leans out the window, both arms rea as if about to seize one of the bodies. In some recess in the back seat he has found a camera, which now swings fro his neck. Siren whining, a third ambulance drives down the oncoming lane. A police motorcyclist cuts in front of James and sl to a halt, signalling him to wait and allow the ambulance pass. James stops the car. Ten yards from them is the crushed limousine, the body of the young chauffeur still lying on the ground beside it.  Three engineers work with surreal hand-tools and hydrauli cutting and prying equipment at the rear doors of the  limousine. They sever the jammed door mechanism and pull  back the door to expose the passengers trapped inside the compartment. The two passengers, a pink-faced man in his fifties weari a black overcoat, and a younger woman with a pale, anemic skin, still sit upright, staring blankly, in the rear sea A policeman pulls away the traveling rug that covers thei legs and waists. The woman's legs are bare, the older man feet splayed, apparently broken at the ankles. The woman' skirt has ridden up around her waist, and her left hand h the window strap. As the older man turns to the woman, one hand searching f her, he slips sideways off the seat, his ankles kicking a the clutter of leather valises and broken glass. The traffic stream moves on. James eases the car forwards Vaughan raises the camera to his eye, lowering it from si when an ambulance attendant tries to knock it from his ha The pedestrian bridge passes overhead. Half out of the ca Vaughan peers at the scores of legs pressed against the m railings, then opens the door and dives out.
63) 0) text: As James pulls the Lincoln on to the verge, Vaughan runs  back to the pedestrian bridge, darting in and out of the  cars. James and Catherine get out of the car. As James closes the door, he notices that the blood of on of the accident victims has somehow been splashed on to t door handle, and that some of it is now on his hand. He finds a section of newspaper at the side of the road a wipes the blood off his hand. When he looks up, he realiz that Catherine has followed Vaughan back to the accident  site.
64) 0) text: James walks back alone, eventually spotting them among th throng of spectators, Catherine watching Vaughan's scarre face intently, provocatively, as he photographs every asp of the accident. There is a calmly festive and pervasive sexuality in the among the onlookers, and even a congregational feeling as one group of engineers works on the crushed sports sedan, prying at the metal roof which has been flattened on to t heads of the occupants. And now Vaughan poses an only slightly reluctant Catherin against the backdrop of the stricken taxi as though she w one of the shaken survivors of the accident. When the roof of the sports sedan is levered up, the hair the driver, its only passenger, comes off with it as thou scalped, stuck to the roofliner with drying blood. But it soon apparent that it's not hair, but rather a cheap, tan platinum blond wig. Vaughan makes his way over to the sedan, intrigued by the dangling 'scalp', which is almost phosphorescent in the r rescue work lights. Catherine trails obediently behind hi like a harshly disciplined puppy. When the body of the driver is exposed to the lights, the effect is doubly grotesque, for not only is the driver de and partially crushed, but he is also a cross-dresser:  Seagrave, in Jayne Mansfield drag. His long, greasy hair tied up in a knot on his head, he is unshaven, his huge,  fake bosom is bloody and askew; his bloated, muscular bod strains against the pink 60s skirt and jacket, the blue s boots with high heels. There is also a dead Chihuahua bitch inside the car with  Seagrave, which Vaughan manages to move with his foot unt a cop, outraged, shoos him away. The dog is stiff with ri mortis, obviously dead long before the crash. An excited Vaughan has spotted James and now approaches h breathless.
65) 0) text: Some time later, as the crowd disperses and the traffic b to flow normally, James kneels beside the Lincoln and sho Vaughan the blood on his door. Catherine sits in the back seat.
65) 4) text: Vaughan rises and holds the door open for James, who sits behind the wheel, expecting Vaughan to walk around the ca and sit beside him. Instead, Vaughan pulls open the rear  door and climbs in beside Catherine. As they set off, Vaughan's camera lands on the front seat
66) 0) text: As they drive, James watches Catherine in the rear-view  mirror. She sits in the center of the back seat, elbows  forward on her knees, looking over his shoulder at the  speeding lights of the expressway. At the first traffic l she smiles at James reassuringly. Vaughan sits like a bored gangster beside her, his left k leaning against her thigh. One hand rubs his groin absent mindedly. He stares at the nape of her neck, running his  eyes along the profiles of her cheek and shoulder.
68) 0) text: The car ahead advances a few yards, its brake-lights  illuminating the interior of the Lincoln, covering the tr with a pink sheen. Through the rear-view mirror James see that Catherine is leaning against the back seat, her shou pressed tightly into Vaughan's. Her eyes are fixed on  Vaughan's chest, on the scars around his injured nipples, shining like points of light. James edges the Lincoln forward a few feet. When he turns around, he sees that Vaughan is holding in his cupped rig hand his wife's bare breast. James fumbles for change as Vaughan caresses Catherine's  nipple in the back seat. Catherine looks down at this bre with rapt eyes, as if seeing it for the first time, fasci by its unique geometry.
70) 0) text: Within their blue grotto, Vaughan lies diagonally across back seat. Catherine kneels across him, skirt rolled arou her waist. The light refracted through the soap solution  jetting across the windows covers their bodies with a  luminescent glow, like two semi-metallic human beings of future making love in a chromium bower. The gantry engine begins to drum. The rollers pound acros the hood of the Lincoln and roar forward to the windshiel driving the soap solution into a whirlwind of froth. Cath settles over Vaughan, and as the rollers drum against the roof and doors, Vaughan drives his pelvis upwards, almost lifting his buttocks off the seat. In the mounting roar of the rollers, she and Vaughan rock together, Vaughan holding her breasts together with his p as if trying to force them into a single globe. When his  hands move away to her buttocks, James can see that her  breasts have been bruised by Vaughan's fingers, the marks forming a pattern like crash injuries. At just this moment, Catherine looks into James's eyes in instant of complete lucidity. Her expression shows both i and affection, an acceptance of a sexual logic they both  recognize and have prepared themselves for. James sits quietly in the front seat as the white soap sl across the roof and doors like liquid lace. Catherine cri out, a gasp of pain cut off by Vaughan's strong hand acro her mouth. He sits back with her legs across his hips,  slapping her with his free hand. His sweaty face is clamp in an expression of anger and distress. The blows raise  blunted weals on Catherine's arm and hips.
72) 0) text: The street-lamps illuminate Vaughan's sleeping face in th rear of the car, scarred mouth lying open like a child's  against the sweat-soaked seat. Catherine sits forward, freeing herself from Vaughan. She touches James's shoulder in a gesture of domestic affecti In the mirror, James can see the weals on her cheek and n the bruised mouth that deforms her nervous smile.
73) 0) text: The Lincoln pulls up at the Ballards' apartment building. James and Catherine get out and stand in the darkness bes the now-immaculate black car. Vaughan is still asleep in back. James takes Catherine's arm to steady her, holding bag in his hand. As they walk toward the entrance, Vaughan gets up and cli unsteadily behind the steering wheel. Without looking bac at James and Catherine, he starts the engine and quietly  drives off.
74) 0) text: In the elevator, James holds Catherine closely, lovingly.
75) 0) text: That night, James kneels over Catherine as she lies diago across the bed, her small feet resting on his pillow, one hand over her right breast. She watches him with a calm and affectionate gaze as he  explores her body and bruises, feeling them gently with h fingers, lips and cheeks, tracing and interpreting the ra symbols that Vaughan's hands and mouth have left across h skin.
87) 0) text: James sits on the balcony of his apartment, watching the  sky. A single-engined airplane floats above the motorway, glass dragonfly carried by the sun. It seems to hang  motionless, the propeller rotating slowly like a toy  aircraft's. The light pours from its wings in a ceaseless fountain. Below it, the traffic moves sluggishly along the crowded  concrete lanes, the roofs of the vehicles forming a conti carapace of polished cellulose. Suddenly, Catherine is behind him. She puts her hands on shoulders and he turns to her as though in a dream, gestu toward the airplane.
87) 2) dialog: My last lesson's next week. (pause) James... my car...
87) 3) text: James can see now that Catherine is frightened. He takes hand.
88) 0) text: Catherine's car sits in the driveway. The paintwork along the left-hand side has been marked in some minor collisio Catherine and James stand examining the mark soberly,  archeologists faced with a problematic hieroglyph.
88) 1) dialog: I wasn't driving. I'd left the car  in the parking-lot at the airport.  Could it have been deliberate?
88) 3) dialog: One of my suitors.
88) 4) text: He kneels down to examine the assault on her car. He feels the abrasions on the left-hand door and body pan explores with his hand the deep trench that runs the full length of the car from the crushed tail-light to the fron headlamp. The imprint of the other car's heavy front bump is clearly marked on the rear wheel guard. James rises and takes Catherine's arm. He opens the passe door for her.
89) 0) text: Catherine's car hurtles along a deserted six-lane highway
90) 0) text: James is driving. He looks across at Catherine. She sits  very still, pale, one hand on the window-sill.
90) 2) dialog: I'd like to go back. James...
92) 2) text: At first she fails to recognize him. Her firm eyes cut ac him to Catherine's elegant figure, as if suspicious of he cross-legged posture. James gets out of the car and approaches Vera. He points the suitcases in the rear seat of Vera's car.
92) 8) text: Before James can stop her, she accelerates toward the exi and turns into the fast evening traffic. James gets back into Catherine's car.
92) 10) dialog: James...
93) 0) text: Vaughan is waiting for them at the airport flyover. He ma no attempt to hide himself, pushing his heavy car into th passing traffic stream. Apparently uninterested in them, Vaughan lies against his door sill, almost asleep at the wheel as he surges forwar when the lights change. His left hand drums across the ri of the steering wheel as he swerves the Lincoln to and fr across the road surface. His face is fixed in a rigid mask as he cuts in and out o the traffic lanes, surging ahead in the fast lane until h is abreast of them and then sliding back behind them, all other cars to cut between them and then taking up a watch position in the slow lane. James can see that Vaughan's car has become even more bat than it was before, scarred with many impact points, a re window broken, cracked headlamps, a body panel detached f the off-side rear wheel housing, the front bumper hanging from the chassis pinion, its rusting lower curvature touc the ground as Vaughan corners. When they slow down for a line of tankers, Vaughan makes move. He pulls up beside them and then cuts viciously acr three lanes of traffic to hit them broadside. The nose of the Lincoln just nicks the tail of the light sports car,  which spins down the road. The Lincoln keeps on going, its vast momentum taking it i the guard rails of the exit ramp, and then over them. Catherine and James slam spinning into the tail of a tank which has all but stopped. The traffic behind them has al been slowing and thus easily avoids hitting the sports ca when it comes bouncing to a halt across two traffic lanes Catherine lies back, sprawled in her seat, eyes wide and  staring with fright, body rigid, bleeding from a small cu on her cheekbone. James jumps out of the car, then immedi slows with a limp. He continues, working his way doggedly through the motionless cars to the edge of the ramp. When he looks over the edge, James sees that Vaughan's Li has plunged into the top of an airline coach which was ru on the roadway below. With the Lincoln now inside it, the coach then slewed sideways and crashed into several other vehicles. Wreckage, flames and blood are everywhere. James's eyes are wide: not with horror, but with exciteme
94) 0) text: Catherine and James stand at the gatehouse of the police  pound, collecting the gate key from the mustachioed, shar eyed young officer there. They then walk down the lines of seized and abandoned  vehicles. The pound is in darkness, lit only by the stree lights reflected in the dented chromium. They soon find Vaughan's crashed Lincoln, massive and  charismatic even here, even in death. James manages to wr open the passenger-side rear door enough to allow them bo to get inside.
95) 0) text: Sitting in the rear seat of the Lincoln, Catherine and Ja make brief, ritual love, her buttocks held tightly in his hands as she sits across his waist.
96) 0) text: Afterwards, they walk among the cars. The beams of small  headlamps cut across their knees. An open car has stopped beside the gatehouse. Two women sit behind the windshield peering into the darkness. A pause, and then the car moves forward, its driver turni the wheel until the headlamps illuminate the remains of t dismembered vehicle in which Vaughan died. The woman in the passenger seat steps out and pauses brie by the gates. It is Helen Remington. When she helps the d out of the car, James and Catherine see that it is the  crippled Gabrielle, her leg shackles clacking as she and  Helen begin to walk toward Vaughan's car. They stroll haltingly, arms around each other, like stran lovers in a cemetery visiting a favorite mausoleum. At on point, Helen kisses Gabrielle's hand, and it is obvious t they have become lovers. James and Catherine circle away from the couple and make  their way back to the gatehouse. In the depths of the pound, Helen helps Gabrielle into th Lincoln. In the darkness of the back seat, they embrace.
97) 0) text: James stands talking to the officer at the gatehouse wind holding Catherine's arm around his waist, pressing her fi against the muscles of his stomach.
100) 0) text: Through the Lincoln's insect- and oil-smeared windshield can see the unmistakable shape of Catherine's white sport car, itself winding its way aggressively through the brai of vehicles. The Lincoln lurches out on to the narrow emergency lane a takes off after Catherine's car, scraping the low concret wall as it wallows from side to side, clipping the corner a truck that has made the lane too narrow.
101) 0) text: In her mirrors, Catherine spots the Lincoln charging towa her along the emergency lane. Her demeanor is just as  predatory as James's, and she does not hesitate to react. Catherine cranks the steering wheel to the right and dive across two lanes of startled vehicles to fishtail down a  little-used utility access road. Behind her, and closing rapidly, the lumbering Lincoln fo suit.
102) 0) text: Around the decreasing-radius curve of the utility road, t more nimble sports car stretches out the distance between and the Lincoln, but once the road uncurls, the booming V allows the American car to gobble up the ground until it nose to tail with Catherine's car. James begins to bump the tail of the sports car, breaking off the accelerator for a beat to let the white car -- wh looks especially fragile and delicate by comparison -- ge away a bit, then charging back until it makes contact. Now the road ahead curves again, and just as Catherine en the curve, James gives her a seriously violent jolt. The  rear of her car slews off on to the grass verge, almost c back, then loses traction completely. Catherine's car spins backwards off the road, then rolls  unceremoniously, almost gently, down a small grade, shedd bits and pieces, until it finally flops to a halt on its  side in front of a cement culvert.
103) 0) text: Momentum has carried James past the point where Catherine has left the road. James stands on the brakes until the  Lincoln shudders to a halt. He jams the shift lever into  reverse and backs up, tires squealing and smoking in prot to where he saw her go over the edge.
104) 0) text: James jumps out of the car and stands for a beat at the e of the road on the wet grass, savoring the tableau below  him. Catherine lies sprawled, half out of the car, her tight b dress hiked up over her hips, one arm across her face as  though shielding her eyes from the sight of her ruined,  lightly smoking sports car. James eagerly makes his way down the wet grass of the hil toward Catherine. As he approaches her, she begins to mov stretching her arms behind her head, as though awakening  from a deep sleep. He can now see that her dress is wet,  soaked by the dirty water trickling out of the culvert an now dammed up by her torso. James kneels close to Catherine.
104) 2) text: Catherine's eyes flutter open. Her mascara is smeared, as though she has been crying, and there is wetness at the  corners of her eyes. Her upper lip is bruised and beginni to purple, and there is blood on her forehead and at the  corner of her mouth.
104) 3) dialog: James, I... I don't know... I think  I'm all right...