46) 0) text: The Seagrave apartment is dirty and depressing, featuring cheap, cigarette-scarred leatherette furniture. James watches Helen and Vaughan steer Seagrave into the l room, where two people sit on a couch watching television with the sound turned off: Gabrielle, a sharp-faced young woman who is rolling a hash joint; and Seagrave's wife, V a handsome, restless woman of about thirty. Vera stands as they come in and rushes over to the shaky  Seagrave.
46) 2) text: Vera and Helen lay the confused Seagrave down on the thre seat sofa, while Vaughan sits next to Gabrielle and helps her prepare another hash joint. James, awkwardly left  standing, notices long scars on Vera's thighs and legs.
46) 5) text: James watches Gabrielle and Vaughan. As she rolls a small piece of resin in a twist of silver foil, Vaughan brings brass lighter out of his hip pocket. Gabrielle cooks the  resin, and shakes the powder into the open cigarette wait in the roller machine on her lap. On Gabrielle's legs are traces of what seem to be gas bac scars, faint circular depressions on the kneecaps. She no James staring at her scars, but makes no effort to close legs. On the sofa beside her is a chromium metal cane and, as s shifts her weight, James sees that the instep of each leg held in the steel clamp of a surgical support. It now bec obvious from the over-rigid posture of her waist that she also wearing a back-brace of some kind. Gabrielle rolls another cigarette out of the machine, but does not offer it to James. Instead, Vaughan gets up and  takes it over to Seagrave, who has managed to sit up.
47) 7) text: At that moment, there is a knock at the door, and then  Gabrielle enters and takes a few stiff steps into the roo on her shackled legs. She holds out a couple of joints to Vaughan.
47) 8) dialog: Thought you might be missing these. (to James) So here you are at the nerve centre.  Vaughan makes everything look like a  crime, doesn't he?
76) 0) text: James and the crippled Gabrielle visit the annual auto sh which occupies the immense halls of the airport conventio center. He watches appreciatively as she swings herself o her shackled legs among the hundreds of cars displayed on their stands. Gabrielle approaches the imposing Mercedes stand and, piv about on her heels, seems to take immense pleasure from t immaculate vehicles, placing her scarred hands on their  paintwork, rolling her injured hips against them like an  unpleasant cat. She soon draws the attention of a young salesman, who tri hard not to notice her scars and braces.
76) 2) dialog: The white sports model. Could you  help me into it, please? I'd like to  see if I can fit into a car designed  for a normal body.
76) 3) text: Both James and Gabrielle enjoy the salesman's discomfort he helps her into the Mercedes sports car. She does her best to make it difficult, deliberately snag her leg brace clips on the soft leather of the driver's s armrest, forcing him to unhook her and to touch her defor thighs and knees while manipulating her legs into the  footwell.
77) 0) text: James makes love to Gabrielle in the front seat of her sm invalid car, deliberately involving the complex hand cont in the mechanics of their sex. As he slips his hand around her right breast, he collides with the strange geometry of the car's interior. Unexpected controls jut from beneath the steering wheel. cluster of chromium treadles is fastened to a steel pivot clamped to the steering column. An extension on the floor mounted gear lever rises laterally, giving way to a verti wing of chromium metal moulded into the reverse of a driv palm. Amid this small forest of machinery, James explores  Gabrielle's new and strange body, feeling his way among t braces and straps of her underwear, the unfamiliar planes her hips and legs, the unique culs-de-sac, odd declension of skin and musculature. Gabrielle lies back. She lifts her left foot so that the brace rests against his knee. In the inner surface of her thigh the straps form marked depressions, troughs of redd skin hollowed out in the forms of buckles and clasps. Jam unshackles the left leg brace and runs his fingers along hot, corrugated skin of the deep buckle groove. The exposed portions of her body are joined together by t loosened braces and straps. Through the fading afternoon  light the airplanes move across their heads along the eas west runways of the airport. Gabrielle's hand moves acros his chest, opening his shirt, her fingers finding the sma scars below his collarbone, the imprint of the instrument binnacle of his own crashed car. She runs the tip of her  tongue into each of the wound-scars on his chest and abdo James exposes her breasts, feeling for the wound areas wh surround them. As he tries to enter her, she puts her han over his mouth.
77) 1) dialog: Don't. Not there.
77) 3) dialog: Do it there. And then after that, do  it here.
77) 4) text: Gabrielle rotates over him so that he can see the wounds her right hip. James turns her back, pulls her thigh in  between his own thighs and enters her scar. With his mout fastened on the scar beneath her left breast, his tongue  exploring its sickle-shaped trough, he comes almost  immediately.
96) 0) text: Afterwards, they walk among the cars. The beams of small  headlamps cut across their knees. An open car has stopped beside the gatehouse. Two women sit behind the windshield peering into the darkness. A pause, and then the car moves forward, its driver turni the wheel until the headlamps illuminate the remains of t dismembered vehicle in which Vaughan died. The woman in the passenger seat steps out and pauses brie by the gates. It is Helen Remington. When she helps the d out of the car, James and Catherine see that it is the  crippled Gabrielle, her leg shackles clacking as she and  Helen begin to walk toward Vaughan's car. They stroll haltingly, arms around each other, like stran lovers in a cemetery visiting a favorite mausoleum. At on point, Helen kisses Gabrielle's hand, and it is obvious t they have become lovers. James and Catherine circle away from the couple and make  their way back to the gatehouse. In the depths of the pound, Helen helps Gabrielle into th Lincoln. In the darkness of the back seat, they embrace.