1) 0) text: We are still moving through light planes, but now we are  inside the hangar. Some of the planes have their engine c open, parts strewn around. Others are partially covered w tarps or have sections missing. There is even a sleek  executive jet parked in one corner. As we float past the planes we notice a woman leaning aga the wing of a Piper Cub, her chest against the wing's tra edge, her arms spread out to each side, as though flying  herself. As we get closer we see that her jacket is pulle open to expose one of her breasts, which rests on the met of the wing. CU breast on metal. CU hard nipple and rivets. CU woman -- Catherine. Early thirties, dark, short hair,  stylish executive clothes. Her eyes are wide open but  unfocussed. A hand grips her shoulder from behind. We fol the hand down behind Catherine and discover a man crouche behind her, kissing her back. Catherine is standing on a low mechanic's platform and he skirt has been raised and hooked over the wing's flap. Sh wears garters and stockings but no panties. The man, handsome, cruel-looking, rises up behind her, en her, kisses her neck. Catherine half closes her eyes. She rotates her pelvis gently against the thrusting.
3) 2) text: A dolly grip with very close-cropped hair looks up from a section of dolly track which he is adjusting with small w wedges.
3) 3) dialog: I think I saw him in the camera  department.
17) 9) text: The woman looks up at James as she continues her approach She does not falter, but changes her grip on the cane, as preparing to thrash him across the face with it. She move her head in a peculiar gesture of the neck, deliberately  forcing her injury on him. She pauses when she reaches the doorway, waiting for him step out of her way. James looks down at the scar tissue her face, a seam left by an invisible zip three inches lo running from the corner of her right eye to the apex of h mouth. James is acutely aware of her strong body beneath her mau bathrobe, her ribcage partly shielded by a sheath of whit plaster that runs from one shoulder to the opposite armpi like a classic Hollywood ball-gown. James steps aside. Deciding to ignore him, Helen Remingto walks stiffly along the communication corridor, parading anger and her wound.
22) 0) text: A steering wheel, an instrument panel, a windshield. Rena hips gripped by the fabric of the passenger seat, her leg stowed out of sight beneath her red plastic raincoat. Jam drives Renata in a rented car, his first drive since the  accident.
46) 9) text: James turns to go, leaving Helen to her conversation with Vera, but Vaughan follows him through the door, holding h arm in a powerful grip.
54) 0) text: We are witnessing a spectacular road accident re-created  under laboratory conditions in the immense confines of th Road Research Lab. A motorcycle is in the process of having a head-on collis with a sedan bearing a family of four -- an extremely vio and disturbing crash, despite the use of cradles, dummies rails, cables and extensive metering and recording techno Among the many witnesses to the crash, including numerous engineers, technicians and Transport Ministry officials, James, Helen and Vaughan. Vaughan is energetically masturbating through his jeans,  shielded by a sheaf of publicity folders which he holds i his other hand. There is a terrific metallic explosion as the motorcycle  strikes the front of the sedan. The two vehicles veer sid towards the line of startled spectators. The motorcyclist and his bike sail over the hood of the c and strike the windshield, then careen across the roof in black mass of fragments. The car plunges ten feet back on its hawsers and comes to rest astride its rails. The hood, windshield and roof hav been crushed by the impact. Inside the cabin, the lopside family lurch across each other, the decapitated torso of front-seat woman passenger embedded in the fractured  windshield. The engineers wave to the crowd reassuringly and move tow the motorcycle, which lies on its side fifty yards behind the car. But it is Vaughan -- a black-jacketed figure str on long, uneven legs -- who arrives first at the bike. For a moment it seems that he might try to lift it up him but he then backs away to where technicians are picking u pieces of the motorcyclist's body, and then turns away  completely and rejoins Helen and James. Vaughan holds up the bundle of technical hand-outs in his grip.