17) 7) text: He flashes James an enigmatic smile, and walks off down t hallway. As James turns to continue, a young woman comes out of th same room that Vaughan appeared from and moves toward him using a dark wooden walking stick. She presses her face i her raised shoulder, possibly to hide the bruise marking right cheekbone. The woman is Dr. Helen Remington, whose husband died in h car crash with James. James stops as she approaches. He speaks without thinking
17) 9) text: The woman looks up at James as she continues her approach She does not falter, but changes her grip on the cane, as preparing to thrash him across the face with it. She move her head in a peculiar gesture of the neck, deliberately  forcing her injury on him. She pauses when she reaches the doorway, waiting for him step out of her way. James looks down at the scar tissue her face, a seam left by an invisible zip three inches lo running from the corner of her right eye to the apex of h mouth. James is acutely aware of her strong body beneath her mau bathrobe, her ribcage partly shielded by a sheath of whit plaster that runs from one shoulder to the opposite armpi like a classic Hollywood ball-gown. James steps aside. Deciding to ignore him, Helen Remingto walks stiffly along the communication corridor, parading anger and her wound.
29) 0) text: Some twenty or so crashed vehicles are parked in the sunl against the rear wall of an abandoned cinema. At the far of the asphalt yard is a truck whose entire driving cabin has been crushed, as if the dimensions of space had abrup contracted around the body of the driver. Unnerved by these deformations, James moves from one car the next until he comes to his own. The remains of towing tackle are attached to the front bumper, and the body pan are splashed with oil and dirt. He peers through the wind into the cabin, runs his hand over the mud-stained glass. Without thinking, he kneels in front of the car and stare at the crushed fenders and radiator grill. Two policemen cross the yard with a black Alsatian dog. T watch James hovering around his car as if they vaguely re his touching it. When they are gone, he unlatches the dri door and, with an effort, pulls it open. James eases himself on to the dusty vinyl seat, tipped ba by the bowing of the floor. He nervously lifts his legs i the car and places his feet on the rubber cleats of the  pedals, which have been forced out of the engine compartm so that his knees are pressed against his chest. The two policemen are exercising their dog across the yar James opens the glove compartment, forcing the shelf  downwards. Inside, covered with dirt and flaked plastic, a set of route maps, a mildly pornographic novel, a polar of Renata sitting in the car near a water reservoir with breasts exposed. James pulls open the ashtray, which promptly jumps on to lap, releasing a dozen lipstick-smeared butts. Someone passes in front of the car. A policeman's voice c from the gatehouse. Through the windshield, James sees a  woman in a white raincoat walking along the line of wreck cars. The woman -- Helen Remington -- approaches the car  next to his, a crushed convertible involved in a massive  rear-end collision. James sits quietly behind the steering wheel. Helen turns from the convertible. She glances at the hood of James's  car, clearly not recognizing the vehicle that killed her  husband. As she raises her head she sees James through th glassless windshield frame, sitting behind the deformed  steering wheel among the dried bloodstains of her husband Helen's strong eyes barely change their focus, but one ha rises involuntarily to her cheek. She takes in the damage the car, then takes in James. Without giving away anythin she turns and moves toward a damaged truck, then turns an comes back as James gets out of his car. She gestures toward the damaged vehicles, then speaks to  James as though continuing a conversation already in prog
29) 1) dialog: After this sort of thing, how do  people manage to look at a car, let  alone drive one? (pause) I'm trying to find Charles's car.
29) 3) dialog: They said it was here. They told me  this morning.
29) 5) dialog: This is your car?
29) 10) dialog: Were you badly hurt? I think we saw  each other at the hospital. (pause) I don't want the car. In fact, I was  appalled to find that I have to pay  a small fee to have it scrapped.
30) 0) text: James is driving Helen Remington away from the police pou
30) 2) dialog: Haven't I? To the airport, if you  could.
30) 5) dialog: Not yet -- though not soon enough  for some people, I've already found.  A death in the doctor's family makes  the patients doubly uneasy.
30) 7) dialog: I'll wear a bloody kimono if I want  to.
30) 9) dialog: I work in the immigration department  there.
30) 10) text: James is very aware that, as they speak, Helen is intentl watching his hands and feet operating the controls of the car, perceiving these motions in a way that she never wou have before her crash with him. He, in turn, has trouble taking his eyes off her facial s which she now makes no attempt to hide. She pulls a cigarette packet from the pocket of her rainc She searches the instrument panel for the lighter, her ri hand hovering above his knees like a nervous bird. Having found the lighter, her strong hands tear away the  cellophane from the cigarette pack.
30) 11) dialog: Do you want a cigarette? I started  to smoke at the hospital. It's rather  stupid of me.
30) 13) dialog: It's much worse now. You noticed  that, did you? The day I left the  hospital I had the extraordinary  feeling that all these cars were  gathering for some special reason I  didn't understand. There seemed to  be ten times as much traffic.
30) 15) text: Helen waves her cigarette in a gesture that takes in the  whole interior of the car.
30) 16) dialog: You've bought yourself exactly the  same car again. It's the same shape  and colour.
32) 0) text: The car swerves from the fast lane and veers toward an ai coach coming out of the exit ramp. Helen quickly shifts t the left of her seat and, pressing her shoulder against  James's, closes her hand over James's hand on the wheel. With Helen's help, James just manages to pull the car beh the coach. They watch the cars swerving past on both sides of them,  horns sounding.
32) 1) dialog: Turn up here into the car-park. It  won't be busy this time of day.
33) 1) dialog: I've found that I enjoy burying myself  in heavy traffic. I like to look at  it. Yesterday I hired a taxi-driver  to drive me around for an hour.  'Anywhere,' I said. We sat in a  massive traffic jam under an off- ramp. I don't think we moved more  than fifty yards. (pause) I'm thinking of taking up a new job  with the Road Research Laboratory.  They need a medical officer. The  salary is larger -- something I've  got to think about now. There's a  certain moral virtue in being  materialistic, I'm beginning to feel.  Well, it's a new approach for me, in  any case.
33) 3) dialog: Yes.
33) 5) dialog: That's the point. Besides, I know I  can give something now that I wasn't  remotely aware of before. It's not a  matter of duty so much as of  commitment.
33) 6) text: They have now reached the top level of the multi-story ca park, and James pulls into a parking spot overlooking a m runway. An immense jumbo jet is maneuvering into its take off position. James turns off the car and puts his arms around Helen. S offers no resistance, as though the whole scenario were w understood and agreed upon. James kisses her mouth, her  eyelids, unzips her dress. With the jet engines screaming for accompaniment, Helen l her right breast from her brassiГЁre, pressing James's fi against the hot nipple. Helen now straddles him and, awkw meshing with the technology around them, they make love i the driver's seat of the car.
34) 0) text: James and Catherine make love in the same position as in preceding scene. James's thoughts keep flashing back to himself and Helen his car, the images mixing confusingly with his present  lovemaking to Catherine.
37) 0) text: Helen and James sit in a half-empty stand, looking down a the road from amid the trees. Helen has her arm around Ja waist, her face touching his shoulder.
37) 2) text: Helen is consulting a yellow program sheet.
37) 3) dialog: The real thing is available free of  charge. Besides, it's not quite legal.  They can't advertise.
37) 6) dialog: That's Vaughan. He talked to you at  the hospital.
37) 8) dialog: When I first met Vaughan, he was a  specialist in international  computerized traffic systems. I don't  know what he is now.
38) 4) text: At this point Vaughan, who is dressed in light-blue cotto 1950s mechanics' overalls, sees James and Helen in the th crowd and waves to them, as though they were long-standin aficionados of crash spectacles. He doesn't wait to see i they react, but immediately steps into the passenger side the Porsche, microphone still in hand.
38) 6) text: Vaughan hands the microphone to a stills cameraman who al functions as an assistant, and then sinks down into the s car. Seagrave starts the Porsche, which settles quickly into a husky idle. A few blips of the throttle, and then the Por is reversed down to the edge of the lighted strip of road When the Porsche stops, the excited crowd goes quiet. An  assistant with a walkie-talkie kneels beside the silver c on the driver's side, co-ordinating the start with his  opposite number standing next to the Ford over the hill. There is a calculated pause before anything happens, and  then the Porsche spins its wheels and accelerates up the  hill. From their vantage point in the stand, James and Helen ca clearly see that the Ford has also started and that the t cars are headed toward each other, each in its respective lane. The Porsche accelerates hard, the Ford lumbers along at a moderate pace, swaying clumsily on its soft springs. As the cars approach each other, James notices a fresh  clearing at the side of the road at just about the point  where they seem likely to pass. Sure enough, when the car are about thirty yards apart, the Ford wanders over the c line. As the Porsche approaches it, it seems to move back into its own lane, but then suddenly swerves again as tho making a left turn. The Porsche, in its turn, swerves to avoid the big Americ car but they collide, the immense chrome grill punching i the side of the fragile race car, crumpling it like a wad tin foil and shunting it unceremoniously off the road int the clearing that has been prepared for it. As the Porsche hobbles to a stop, Vaughan seems to stand on his seat and then throw himself out of the car, rollin over what's left of the front hood on to the ground. Seag remains slumped in the driver's seat. Vaughan lies still  where he lands, a few feet ahead of the crumpled nose of race car. The door of the Ford opens and Trask stumbles out. He beg to walk around in a dazed and agitated manner, and the cr which has been buzzing, goes silent again. Trask walks aw from the crash site and disappears into the shadows at th edge of the road.
39) 0) text: There is no movement from either Seagrave or Vaughan. Jam is not sure how to react, but Helen seems genuinely worri
39) 2) dialog: I don't know. You can never be sure  with Vaughan. This is his show.
41) 0) text: Helen stands up as the crowd buzzes.
41) 1) dialog: I know that man, Seagrave, the stunt  driver. I think he's genuinely hurt.
41) 2) text: Helen makes her way down the rickety grandstand steps tow the road, and James follows her.
42) 0) text: Just as James and Helen step on the road, six police cars lights flashing and sirens wailing, converge on the lit  stretch of road, three from each end. They screech to a h and dozens of cops pour out of the cars. The crowd panics and streams down from the grandstand on the road. A loudspeaker mounted on one of the police cars begins to blare.
42) 2) text: Because James and Helen are just in advance of the first  wave of spectators, they manage to link up with Vaughan a he helps haul a still-groggy Seagrave off the road and in the woods. Helen takes Seagrave's free arm.
42) 3) dialog: (to Vaughan) What's the matter with Seagrave?
43) 0) text: James and Helen help Vaughan hustle Seagrave through the  woods. The din of the roadway fades away behind them.
44) 0) text: Vaughan drives the Lincoln through a scarred, bleak lands In the front seat with him are Helen and James. Seagrave lying down in the back seat with his eyes closed.
44) 2) text: Vaughan puts his hand between Helen's thighs. She seems n to notice, but her eyes close dreamily every once in a wh James watches microscopically. Sometimes, when the flow of traffic allows, Vaughan stare intently at James while his hand works away between Helen thighs, and James looks away, flushed, like a schoolgirl.
46) 0) text: The Seagrave apartment is dirty and depressing, featuring cheap, cigarette-scarred leatherette furniture. James watches Helen and Vaughan steer Seagrave into the l room, where two people sit on a couch watching television with the sound turned off: Gabrielle, a sharp-faced young woman who is rolling a hash joint; and Seagrave's wife, V a handsome, restless woman of about thirty. Vera stands as they come in and rushes over to the shaky  Seagrave.
46) 2) text: Vera and Helen lay the confused Seagrave down on the thre seat sofa, while Vaughan sits next to Gabrielle and helps her prepare another hash joint. James, awkwardly left  standing, notices long scars on Vera's thighs and legs.
46) 3) dialog: They did the James Dean crash. It  seemed to go perfectly. But he started  to feel nauseous on the way back.  I'm sure it's concussion.
46) 9) text: James turns to go, leaving Helen to her conversation with Vera, but Vaughan follows him through the door, holding h arm in a powerful grip.
47) 5) text: As Vaughan hunts around the central table, turning the pa of a leather-bound album, James looks down at the discard prints below his feet. Most of them are crude frontal pic of motor-cars and heavy vehicles involved in highway  collisions, surrounded by spectators and police, and clos ups of impacted radiator grills and windshields. Vaughan opens the album at random and hands it to James. leans back against the door and watches as James adjusts desk lamp. The first thirty pages record the crash, hospitalization, and post-recuperative romance of the young woman Gabriell a social worker, the photos suggest -- who is currently  getting very stoned in the next room. By coincidence, her small sports car had collided with an airline bus at the entry to the airport not far from the  site of James's own accident. Vaughan had obviously been  there, shooting film, moments after the crash. The incred detailed photos end with her affair with her physical the instructor. The remainder of the album describes the course of James' own accident and recovery, and includes his sexual encoun with Renata, Helen Remington, and his own wife, Catherine Vaughan stands at James's shoulder, like an instructor re to help a promising pupil. James closes the book.
51) 0) text: We are close on the distracted, solicitous face of Helen  Remington.
51) 1) dialog: Have you come?
51) 2) text: Helen Remington and James are having sex in the back seat Helen's car, Helen sitting on James's lap with her back t him. She dismounts him and touches his shoulder with an  uncertain hand, as though he were a patient she had worke hard to revive.
52) 0) text: Helen's car is parked on the upper level of the airport c park, which is currently quite busy. Streams of traffic,  both pedestrian and vehicular, flow past the car.
53) 0) text: James lies against the rear seat of the car while Helen  dresses with abrupt movements, straightening her shirt ar her hips like a department-store window-dresser jerking a garment on to a mannequin.
53) 2) dialog: The junior pathologist at Ashford  Hospital. Then the husband of a  colleague of mine, then a trainee  radiologist, then the service manager  at my garage.
53) 4) dialog: Yes. I didn't plan it that way.
53) 6) dialog: Yes. (laughs) They felt like traffic accidents.
54) 0) text: We are witnessing a spectacular road accident re-created  under laboratory conditions in the immense confines of th Road Research Lab. A motorcycle is in the process of having a head-on collis with a sedan bearing a family of four -- an extremely vio and disturbing crash, despite the use of cradles, dummies rails, cables and extensive metering and recording techno Among the many witnesses to the crash, including numerous engineers, technicians and Transport Ministry officials, James, Helen and Vaughan. Vaughan is energetically masturbating through his jeans,  shielded by a sheaf of publicity folders which he holds i his other hand. There is a terrific metallic explosion as the motorcycle  strikes the front of the sedan. The two vehicles veer sid towards the line of startled spectators. The motorcyclist and his bike sail over the hood of the c and strike the windshield, then careen across the roof in black mass of fragments. The car plunges ten feet back on its hawsers and comes to rest astride its rails. The hood, windshield and roof hav been crushed by the impact. Inside the cabin, the lopside family lurch across each other, the decapitated torso of front-seat woman passenger embedded in the fractured  windshield. The engineers wave to the crowd reassuringly and move tow the motorcycle, which lies on its side fifty yards behind the car. But it is Vaughan -- a black-jacketed figure str on long, uneven legs -- who arrives first at the bike. For a moment it seems that he might try to lift it up him but he then backs away to where technicians are picking u pieces of the motorcyclist's body, and then turns away  completely and rejoins Helen and James. Vaughan holds up the bundle of technical hand-outs in his grip.
54) 2) text: Helen takes James's arm, smiling at him, nodding  encouragingly, as if urging a child across some mental hu
54) 3) dialog: We can have a look at it again on  the monitors. They're showing it in  slow motion.
96) 0) text: Afterwards, they walk among the cars. The beams of small  headlamps cut across their knees. An open car has stopped beside the gatehouse. Two women sit behind the windshield peering into the darkness. A pause, and then the car moves forward, its driver turni the wheel until the headlamps illuminate the remains of t dismembered vehicle in which Vaughan died. The woman in the passenger seat steps out and pauses brie by the gates. It is Helen Remington. When she helps the d out of the car, James and Catherine see that it is the  crippled Gabrielle, her leg shackles clacking as she and  Helen begin to walk toward Vaughan's car. They stroll haltingly, arms around each other, like stran lovers in a cemetery visiting a favorite mausoleum. At on point, Helen kisses Gabrielle's hand, and it is obvious t they have become lovers. James and Catherine circle away from the couple and make  their way back to the gatehouse. In the depths of the pound, Helen helps Gabrielle into th Lincoln. In the darkness of the back seat, they embrace.