4) 2) text: The man, James, looks up from the woman's thighs.
4) 3) dialog: Of course. Be there in a minute.
4) 4) text: The camera girl twists around on to her back and throws h legs over James's shoulders.
5) 0) text: Catherine stands at the railing of the balcony of the Bal apartment, which overlooks a busy expressway near the air Her arms are spread wide as they were in the airplane han only now it is James, her husband, who is standing behind her. They are both half naked, and he is inside her. Their sex-making is disconnected, passionless, as though would disappear if they noticed it. An urgent, uninterrup flow of cars streams below them.
5) 1) dialog: Where were you?
5) 3) dialog: Did you come?
5) 5) dialog: We were interrupted. I had to go  back to the set...
5) 6) text: Catherine turns toward James and pulls open her blouse,  exposing her left breast. She pulls James's face down and presses her nipple against his cheek.
5) 8) dialog: I've been thinking about that, about  you and Karen.
6) 0) text: James lingers among racks of nightdresses outside a chang cubicle. Monitored by a bored, seen-it-all middle-aged  saleswoman, James glances now and then through the curtai to watch Karen help Catherine try on underwear. Karen, Catherine's secretary, a moody, unsmiling girl, is methodically involved in the soft technology of Catherine breasts and the brassiГЁres designed to show them off. Karen touches Catherine with peculiar caresses, tapping h lightly with the tips of her fingers, first upon the  shoulders, along the pink grooves left by her underwear,  then across her back, where the metal clasps of her brass have left a medallion of impressed skin, and finally on t elastic-patterned grooves beneath Catherine's breasts  themselves. Catherine stands through this in a trance-like state, gab to herself in a low voice, as the tip of Karen's right  forefinger surreptitiously touches her nipple.
7) 0) text: James sits in the car beside his wife. She watches as his fingers move across the control panel, switching on the  ignition, the direction indicator, selecting the drive le fastening his seat-belt. As the car moves off, James puts his free hand between  Catherine's thighs.
8) 0) text: James studies storyboards for an automotive battery  commercial, which are spread out over a broad architect's table. He makes notes on each panel of the boards with a  sharp pencil. As we move around him, we reveal his secretary, Renata,  sitting and watching him intently from the vantage point her corner chair, her hand poised to write down anything might say in a small, leather-bound notebook. From her point of view, we watch James from behind as he  works. Every movement he makes -- bending over to correct panel, manipulating the pencil, touching the sharp point the pencil to his lip, straightening up again -- provokes different tiny response from Renata, so attuned to him is she. But he says nothing to her, and she remains poised and  vigilant.
9) 0) text: James settles into his car -- a boring American four-door sedan -- running through his control-panel routine like a pilot before driving off. This time his routine ends with the switching on of the windshield wipers because it has  begun to rain heavily.
10) 0) text: Driving home from the studio, James hits a deep puddle at miles an hour and suddenly finds himself heading into the oncoming lane. The car hits the central reservation with thump and the offside tire explodes and spins off its rim
11) 0) text: In the car, James fights desperately for control.
12) 0) text: The car hurtles across the reservation and, bouncing and  slamming down on its suspension, heads up the high-speed  exit ramp. Three sedans are barreling down the ramp towar James.
13) 0) text: James pumps the brakes and saws away inexpertly at the wh He manages to avoid the first two cars, but the third he  strikes head-on. At the moment of impact, the man in the passenger seat of the other car is propelled like a mattress from the barre of a circus cannon through his own windshield and then  partially through the windshield of James's car. The propelled man's blood spatters James's face and chest his body coming to rest half inside James's car, its head dangling down into the dark recess of the passenger footw James's chest hits the steering wheel, his knees crush in the instrument panel, his forehead hits the upper windshi frame. As this happens, James is vaguely conscious of the same thing happening to the woman driving the other car, though she is a bizarre mirror image. Slammed back into their seats after the initial impact, J and the woman look at each other through the shattered  windshields, neither able to move. The woman, handsome an intelligent-looking, supported by her seat-belt, stares a James in a curiously formal way, as if unsure what has br them together. Out of the corner of his eye, James can see the hand of t dead passenger, now his passenger, caught on the dashboar and lying palm upwards only a few inches away from him. J squints as he tries to focus on a huge blood-blister, pum up by the man's dying circulation, which has a distinct t shape. James shifts his focus to the hood ornament of his car,  twisted up into the cold mercury-vapor glare of the roadw lights but still intact. It is the same triton imprinted the palm of the dead passenger, the car manufacturer's lo
15) 0) text: Numbly watching James as she fumbles to undo her seat-bel the woman in the other crashed car inadvertently jerks op her blouse and exposes her breast to James, its inner cur marked by a dark, strap-like bruise made by her seat-belt In the strange, desperate privacy of this moment, the bre erect nipple seems somehow, impossibly, a deliberate  provocation.
16) 0) text: We are close on a face having makeup applied to it. It is very pale, blotchy face, and the makeup is smoothing it,  making it appear healthy and even slightly tanned. There also some crude black stitches in this face, and we reali that it is James's face, and that a very serious Catherin is applying the makeup. James's legs are up in a sling, drainage tubes coming fro both knees. Wounds on his chest: broken skin around the l edge of the sternum, where the horn boss had been driven  upwards by the collapsing engine compartment; a semicircu bruise, a marbled rainbow, running from one nipple to the other. Stitches in the laceration across the scalp, a sec hairline an inch below the original. Unshaven face and  fretting hands. Catherine is dressed more for a smart lunch with an airli executive than to visit her husband in hospital.
16) 2) dialog: Thank you.
16) 3) text: James examines himself in her hand-mirror, staring at his pale, mannequin-like face, trying to read its lines. Catherine looks around her as she puts her makeup away. T are twenty-three other beds in the briskly efficient-look new ward, all of them empty.
16) 5) dialog: They consider this to be the airport  hospital. This ward is reserved for  air-crash victims. The beds are kept  waiting.
16) 7) dialog: I'll listen for you buzzing over.
16) 9) dialog: (referring to the  lighter) Is that a gift from Wendel? It has  an aeronautical feel to it.
16) 11) text: Catherine finally succeeds in lighting the cigarette. She takes a deep drag. James props himself up on his elbow,  breathing with transparent pain.
16) 12) dialog: That's going well, then.
16) 14) text: James gestures for the cigarette. Catherine puts the warm tip, stained with pink lipstick, into his mouth.
16) 16) dialog: And her husband? What was he?
16) 18) text: A dark-haired student female nurse comes into the ward. S wags a finger at James.
16) 20) text: As Catherine retrieves the cigarette from James and stubs out in a glass, the nurse examines Catherine's glamorous  figure, her expensive suit, her jewelry.
16) 24) text: The nurse pulls the bedclothes back and digs the urine bo from between James's legs. She checks the level and,  satisfied, drops it back, flips over the sheets again. Both Catherine and James watch her closely, her sly thigh under her gingham, the movement of her breasts as she ben to check the chart at the foot of the bed, the pulse in h throat. The nurse catches them watching her, smiles  enigmatically back at them, and leaves. Catherine pulls out a manila folder from her bag and slip set of storyboards for a commercial out of it.
16) 26) text: James waves the folder away. Catherine examines his body, aloofly curious.
16) 27) dialog: Where's the car?
16) 29) dialog: What!? They brought the car here?
16) 31) dialog: Have you seen it?
16) 33) dialog: It's about time.
16) 35) dialog: After being bombarded endlessly by  road-safety propaganda, it's almost  a relief to have found myself in an  actual accident.
17) 0) text: James is taking his walk through the hallways, trundling IV stand along with him like an awkward pet. A white-coated doctor -- Vaughan -- steps into the ward f a room at the end of the hall. He is bare-chested under h white coat. His strong hands carry a briefcase filled wit photographs, which he pauses to shuffle through, as thoug checking a map. As James approaches this new visitor, Vaughan's pockmarke jaws chomp on a piece of gum, creating the impression tha he might be hawking obscene pictures around the wards,  pornographic X-ray plates and blacklisted urinalyses. He  sports copious scar tissue around his forehead and mouth, rumpled and puckered as though residues from some terrify act of violence. Vaughan looks James up and down, taking in every detail o his injuries with evident interest.
17) 2) dialog: Yes?
17) 4) dialog: Yes.
17) 5) text: Vaughan shuffles his photos again. James manages to make the shapes of a few crushed and distorted vehicles caught lurid, flash-lit news style. Vaughan flips through them  distractedly, then with an unexpected, almost flirtatious flourish slides them back into his briefcase and tucks it under his arm.
17) 7) text: He flashes James an enigmatic smile, and walks off down t hallway. As James turns to continue, a young woman comes out of th same room that Vaughan appeared from and moves toward him using a dark wooden walking stick. She presses her face i her raised shoulder, possibly to hide the bruise marking right cheekbone. The woman is Dr. Helen Remington, whose husband died in h car crash with James. James stops as she approaches. He speaks without thinking
17) 8) dialog: Dr. Remington...?
17) 9) text: The woman looks up at James as she continues her approach She does not falter, but changes her grip on the cane, as preparing to thrash him across the face with it. She move her head in a peculiar gesture of the neck, deliberately  forcing her injury on him. She pauses when she reaches the doorway, waiting for him step out of her way. James looks down at the scar tissue her face, a seam left by an invisible zip three inches lo running from the corner of her right eye to the apex of h mouth. James is acutely aware of her strong body beneath her mau bathrobe, her ribcage partly shielded by a sheath of whit plaster that runs from one shoulder to the opposite armpi like a classic Hollywood ball-gown. James steps aside. Deciding to ignore him, Helen Remingto walks stiffly along the communication corridor, parading anger and her wound.
18) 0) text: Catherine washes James's body as he lies in his hospital  bed, gently exploring his bruises and his wounds.
18) 2) text: Catherine resoaps her right hand from the bar in the wet  saucer on the bed tray, a cigarette in her left. James st her stockinged thigh as she continues her monologue.
18) 4) dialog: You should have gone to the funeral.
18) 6) dialog: What about his wife? The woman doctor?  Have you visited her yet?
19) 0) text: Catherine and James travel home in the back seat of a tax Learning against the rear window of the taxi, James finds himself flinching with excitement toward the approaching  traffic streams, which now seem threatening and super-rea Catherine watches him, aware that he is over-exhilarated, very excited herself by his new sensitivity to the traffi
20) 0) text: James sits in a reclining chair on the balcony of his  apartment, looking down through the anodized balcony rail at the neighborhood ten stories below. Cars fill the suburban streets, choking the parking-lots the supermarkets, ramped on to the pavements. Two minor  accidents have caused a massive tail-back along the flyov which crosses the entrance tunnel to the airport. In one them, a white laundry-van has bumped into the back of a s filled with wedding guests. James gazes raptly down at this immense motion sculpture, this incomprehensible pinball machine. Catherine comes on to the balcony, kneels down beside him begins to toy lovingly with the scars on his knees.
20) 2) dialog: I can't sit on this balcony forever.  I'm beginning to feel like a potted  plant.
20) 4) dialog: Is the traffic heavier now? There  seem to be three times as many cars  as there were before the accident.
20) 6) dialog: I thought she might come along.  Handling a car again might be more  tiring than I imagine.
20) 8) dialog: You're not envious?
21) 0) text: James stands at the entrance to his apartment building's  underground garage. Only about a dozen cars are there; mo of them have been driven to work. James walks among those that remain, absorbing the details of the personal things left in them -- a silk scarf lies on a rear window-sill, pair of sunglasses hooked over a carpeted transmission hu James stops in front of the empty bay marked 'Balladr'. H stares at the familiar pattern of oil-stains marking the  cement.
23) 0) text: The rented car slows and stops on the concrete verge a fe yards from the spot where James's crash took place.
24) 2) dialog: No.
24) 4) text: James unbuttons Renata's raincoat and places his hand on thigh. She lets him kiss her throat, holding his shoulder reassuringly, like an affectionate governess.
24) 5) dialog: There's still a patch of blood there  on the road. Did you see it?
24) 7) dialog: You were the last one I saw just  before the accident. Do you remember?  We made love.
25) 0) text: James steps from the car, his right knee giving way after the effort of driving. At his feet lies a litter of dead  leaves, cigarette cartons and small drifts of safety-glas crystals. A hundred yards behind them, a dusty old Lincoln is also  parked on the verge. The leather-jacketed driver watches  James through his mudspattered windshield, broad shoulder hunched against the door pillar. As James crosses the roa the man picks up a camera fitted with a zoom lens and pee at James through the eye-piece. Spotting the man, Renata opens the car door for James.
25) 2) text: James gets back into the car.
26) 2) dialog: I can drive.
26) 3) text: James shifts the car into gear and cruises slowly toward man with the camera. As they approach him, he gets out of his own car, ignoring them, and kneels down to study the  hieroglyphics of the skid marks on the road surface. As James and Renata drive past the kneeling man, the sunl highlights the ridges of scars on his forehead and around his mouth. The man looks up at James and he recognizes Vaughan, the  young doctor he last saw in the hallway at the airport  hospital.
27) 0) text: James proudly shows off his new car to Catherine and Kare at their offices at the airport. The car is identical to one he crashed. James sits sideways in the driver's seat, door open, weir jaunty.
27) 4) dialog: I'm not thinking about the crash at  all.
27) 5) text: James is telling the truth. What he is thinking about is way that Karen's hip casually brushes against Catherine's hip, without either woman seeming to be conscious of it.
28) 0) text: James enters the gate of the police pound on foot, and sh his pass to the guard at the gate. His pass now stamped, hesitates for a beat before he enters.
29) 0) text: Some twenty or so crashed vehicles are parked in the sunl against the rear wall of an abandoned cinema. At the far of the asphalt yard is a truck whose entire driving cabin has been crushed, as if the dimensions of space had abrup contracted around the body of the driver. Unnerved by these deformations, James moves from one car the next until he comes to his own. The remains of towing tackle are attached to the front bumper, and the body pan are splashed with oil and dirt. He peers through the wind into the cabin, runs his hand over the mud-stained glass. Without thinking, he kneels in front of the car and stare at the crushed fenders and radiator grill. Two policemen cross the yard with a black Alsatian dog. T watch James hovering around his car as if they vaguely re his touching it. When they are gone, he unlatches the dri door and, with an effort, pulls it open. James eases himself on to the dusty vinyl seat, tipped ba by the bowing of the floor. He nervously lifts his legs i the car and places his feet on the rubber cleats of the  pedals, which have been forced out of the engine compartm so that his knees are pressed against his chest. The two policemen are exercising their dog across the yar James opens the glove compartment, forcing the shelf  downwards. Inside, covered with dirt and flaked plastic, a set of route maps, a mildly pornographic novel, a polar of Renata sitting in the car near a water reservoir with breasts exposed. James pulls open the ashtray, which promptly jumps on to lap, releasing a dozen lipstick-smeared butts. Someone passes in front of the car. A policeman's voice c from the gatehouse. Through the windshield, James sees a  woman in a white raincoat walking along the line of wreck cars. The woman -- Helen Remington -- approaches the car  next to his, a crushed convertible involved in a massive  rear-end collision. James sits quietly behind the steering wheel. Helen turns from the convertible. She glances at the hood of James's  car, clearly not recognizing the vehicle that killed her  husband. As she raises her head she sees James through th glassless windshield frame, sitting behind the deformed  steering wheel among the dried bloodstains of her husband Helen's strong eyes barely change their focus, but one ha rises involuntarily to her cheek. She takes in the damage the car, then takes in James. Without giving away anythin she turns and moves toward a damaged truck, then turns an comes back as James gets out of his car. She gestures toward the damaged vehicles, then speaks to  James as though continuing a conversation already in prog
29) 2) dialog: It's not here. Maybe the police are  still holding it. Their forensic  people...
29) 4) text: She peers critically at James's car, as if puzzled by its distorted geometry.
29) 7) dialog: You'll tear your gloves.
29) 8) text: James gently takes her hand and moves it away from the gr
29) 9) dialog: I don't think we should have come  here. I'm surprised the police don't  make it more difficult.
29) 11) dialog: Can I give you a lift? (almost apologetically) I somehow find myself driving again.
30) 0) text: James is driving Helen Remington away from the police pou
30) 1) dialog: You haven't told me where we're going.
30) 3) text: At these words, James is stricken by an odd feeling of lo
30) 4) dialog: The airport? Why? Are you leaving?
30) 6) dialog: I take it you're not wearing white  to reassure them.
30) 8) dialog: So -- why the airport?
30) 10) text: James is very aware that, as they speak, Helen is intentl watching his hands and feet operating the controls of the car, perceiving these motions in a way that she never wou have before her crash with him. He, in turn, has trouble taking his eyes off her facial s which she now makes no attempt to hide. She pulls a cigarette packet from the pocket of her rainc She searches the instrument panel for the lighter, her ri hand hovering above his knees like a nervous bird. Having found the lighter, her strong hands tear away the  cellophane from the cigarette pack.
30) 12) dialog: (suddenly very agitated) Look at all this traffic. I'm not  sure I can deal with it.
30) 14) dialog: Are we imagining it?
31) 0) text: They are now passing the spot where their crash took plac Intimidated by the aggressive traffic around him, James a the front wheel of the car to strike the curb of the cent reservation, throwing a tornado of dust and cigarette pac on to the windshield.
32) 0) text: The car swerves from the fast lane and veers toward an ai coach coming out of the exit ramp. Helen quickly shifts t the left of her seat and, pressing her shoulder against  James's, closes her hand over James's hand on the wheel. With Helen's help, James just manages to pull the car beh the coach. They watch the cars swerving past on both sides of them,  horns sounding.
33) 0) text: The car winds its way slowly up the rampways leading to h and higher parking levels. James finds the rhythm soothin and begins to calm down.
33) 2) dialog: The Road Research Laboratory? Where  they simulate car crashes?
33) 4) dialog: Isn't that rather too close...?
33) 6) text: They have now reached the top level of the multi-story ca park, and James pulls into a parking spot overlooking a m runway. An immense jumbo jet is maneuvering into its take off position. James turns off the car and puts his arms around Helen. S offers no resistance, as though the whole scenario were w understood and agreed upon. James kisses her mouth, her  eyelids, unzips her dress. With the jet engines screaming for accompaniment, Helen l her right breast from her brassiГЁre, pressing James's fi against the hot nipple. Helen now straddles him and, awkw meshing with the technology around them, they make love i the driver's seat of the car.
34) 0) text: James and Catherine make love in the same position as in preceding scene. James's thoughts keep flashing back to himself and Helen his car, the images mixing confusingly with his present  lovemaking to Catherine.
35) 0) text: James is back in his office, but it is obvious that he is only nibbling at the work that has piled up in his absenc Renata comes in.
35) 2) text: Renata hands James a brown manila envelope with no markin on it.
35) 3) dialog: What is it?
35) 5) dialog: Really? What kind of exhibition is  it?
35) 7) dialog: You're kidding.
35) 9) dialog: You're not jealous, are you? You  have to understand... Helen and I  had this strange, intense...  experience together.
35) 10) text: Renata kisses him hard, then bites his lip. James pulls a in surprise.
35) 12) text: Renata turns on her heel and floats out the door, leaving James to contemplate the contents of the envelope.
37) 0) text: Helen and James sit in a half-empty stand, looking down a the road from amid the trees. Helen has her arm around Ja waist, her face touching his shoulder.
37) 1) dialog: It's strange -- I thought all this  would be far more popular.
37) 5) dialog: Who is that? The announcer. Do I  know him?
37) 7) dialog: Oh, yes. I thought he was a medical  photographer, doing some sort of  accident research. He wanted every  conceivable detail about our crash.
38) 0) text: Seagrave, a coarse and burly man, wriggles his way behind the wheel of the delicate little race car without  acknowledging the cheers of the crowd. He wears James Dea clothes -- a red windbreaker, a white T-shirt, jeans, loa prescription glasses with clip-on sunshades. As he talks, Vaughan tours the phalanx of tripod-mounted  cameras to check their placement, and chats off-mike with the pair of cameramen with hand-held cameras. He seems to more the director of the event, possibly the ringmaster,  than an actor in it.
38) 4) text: At this point Vaughan, who is dressed in light-blue cotto 1950s mechanics' overalls, sees James and Helen in the th crowd and waves to them, as though they were long-standin aficionados of crash spectacles. He doesn't wait to see i they react, but immediately steps into the passenger side the Porsche, microphone still in hand.
38) 6) text: Vaughan hands the microphone to a stills cameraman who al functions as an assistant, and then sinks down into the s car. Seagrave starts the Porsche, which settles quickly into a husky idle. A few blips of the throttle, and then the Por is reversed down to the edge of the lighted strip of road When the Porsche stops, the excited crowd goes quiet. An  assistant with a walkie-talkie kneels beside the silver c on the driver's side, co-ordinating the start with his  opposite number standing next to the Ford over the hill. There is a calculated pause before anything happens, and  then the Porsche spins its wheels and accelerates up the  hill. From their vantage point in the stand, James and Helen ca clearly see that the Ford has also started and that the t cars are headed toward each other, each in its respective lane. The Porsche accelerates hard, the Ford lumbers along at a moderate pace, swaying clumsily on its soft springs. As the cars approach each other, James notices a fresh  clearing at the side of the road at just about the point  where they seem likely to pass. Sure enough, when the car are about thirty yards apart, the Ford wanders over the c line. As the Porsche approaches it, it seems to move back into its own lane, but then suddenly swerves again as tho making a left turn. The Porsche, in its turn, swerves to avoid the big Americ car but they collide, the immense chrome grill punching i the side of the fragile race car, crumpling it like a wad tin foil and shunting it unceremoniously off the road int the clearing that has been prepared for it. As the Porsche hobbles to a stop, Vaughan seems to stand on his seat and then throw himself out of the car, rollin over what's left of the front hood on to the ground. Seag remains slumped in the driver's seat. Vaughan lies still  where he lands, a few feet ahead of the crumpled nose of race car. The door of the Ford opens and Trask stumbles out. He beg to walk around in a dazed and agitated manner, and the cr which has been buzzing, goes silent again. Trask walks aw from the crash site and disappears into the shadows at th edge of the road.
39) 1) dialog: Is that part of the act or are they  really hurt?
41) 2) text: Helen makes her way down the rickety grandstand steps tow the road, and James follows her.
42) 0) text: Just as James and Helen step on the road, six police cars lights flashing and sirens wailing, converge on the lit  stretch of road, three from each end. They screech to a h and dozens of cops pour out of the cars. The crowd panics and streams down from the grandstand on the road. A loudspeaker mounted on one of the police cars begins to blare.
42) 2) text: Because James and Helen are just in advance of the first  wave of spectators, they manage to link up with Vaughan a he helps haul a still-groggy Seagrave off the road and in the woods. Helen takes Seagrave's free arm.
43) 0) text: James and Helen help Vaughan hustle Seagrave through the  woods. The din of the roadway fades away behind them.
43) 1) dialog: Why are the police taking this all  so seriously?
43) 3) text: In the gathering darkness of the woods, it is apparent th James doesn't really know who they are either.
44) 0) text: Vaughan drives the Lincoln through a scarred, bleak lands In the front seat with him are Helen and James. Seagrave lying down in the back seat with his eyes closed.
44) 2) text: Vaughan puts his hand between Helen's thighs. She seems n to notice, but her eyes close dreamily every once in a wh James watches microscopically. Sometimes, when the flow of traffic allows, Vaughan stare intently at James while his hand works away between Helen thighs, and James looks away, flushed, like a schoolgirl.
46) 0) text: The Seagrave apartment is dirty and depressing, featuring cheap, cigarette-scarred leatherette furniture. James watches Helen and Vaughan steer Seagrave into the l room, where two people sit on a couch watching television with the sound turned off: Gabrielle, a sharp-faced young woman who is rolling a hash joint; and Seagrave's wife, V a handsome, restless woman of about thirty. Vera stands as they come in and rushes over to the shaky  Seagrave.
46) 2) text: Vera and Helen lay the confused Seagrave down on the thre seat sofa, while Vaughan sits next to Gabrielle and helps her prepare another hash joint. James, awkwardly left  standing, notices long scars on Vera's thighs and legs.
46) 5) text: James watches Gabrielle and Vaughan. As she rolls a small piece of resin in a twist of silver foil, Vaughan brings brass lighter out of his hip pocket. Gabrielle cooks the  resin, and shakes the powder into the open cigarette wait in the roller machine on her lap. On Gabrielle's legs are traces of what seem to be gas bac scars, faint circular depressions on the kneecaps. She no James staring at her scars, but makes no effort to close legs. On the sofa beside her is a chromium metal cane and, as s shifts her weight, James sees that the instep of each leg held in the steel clamp of a surgical support. It now bec obvious from the over-rigid posture of her waist that she also wearing a back-brace of some kind. Gabrielle rolls another cigarette out of the machine, but does not offer it to James. Instead, Vaughan gets up and  takes it over to Seagrave, who has managed to sit up.
46) 9) text: James turns to go, leaving Helen to her conversation with Vera, but Vaughan follows him through the door, holding h arm in a powerful grip.
47) 0) text: James follows Vaughan down a cramped corridor to a  photographic workshop formed out of a warren of small roo Vaughan eases James into the first room and then carefull closes the door behind them.
47) 1) dialog: Do you live here? With Seagrave?
47) 5) text: As Vaughan hunts around the central table, turning the pa of a leather-bound album, James looks down at the discard prints below his feet. Most of them are crude frontal pic of motor-cars and heavy vehicles involved in highway  collisions, surrounded by spectators and police, and clos ups of impacted radiator grills and windshields. Vaughan opens the album at random and hands it to James. leans back against the door and watches as James adjusts desk lamp. The first thirty pages record the crash, hospitalization, and post-recuperative romance of the young woman Gabriell a social worker, the photos suggest -- who is currently  getting very stoned in the next room. By coincidence, her small sports car had collided with an airline bus at the entry to the airport not far from the  site of James's own accident. Vaughan had obviously been  there, shooting film, moments after the crash. The incred detailed photos end with her affair with her physical the instructor. The remainder of the album describes the course of James' own accident and recovery, and includes his sexual encoun with Renata, Helen Remington, and his own wife, Catherine Vaughan stands at James's shoulder, like an instructor re to help a promising pupil. James closes the book.
47) 6) dialog: What kind of help can I possibly be  to you? You seem to be everywhere at  once as it is.
47) 9) text: Vaughan takes the joints and lights them both. He hands o to James, who takes it gratefully.
47) 10) dialog: What exactly is your project, Vaughan?  A book of crashes? A medical study?  A sensational documentary? Global  traffic?
48) 0) text: James watches Renata and Catherine talking animatedly at other end of his office. He can't hear what they are sayi but Renata is showing Catherine layouts of ads involving  images of private planes flying in formation. They touch  each other from time to time without seeming to notice it but James notices it.
49) 0) text: James and Catherine set off for home in their own separat cars. At times, they are within sight of each other and J watches her microscopically, as though he didn't know her as though, perhaps, she isn't human. At one point he sees her with her hands resting on the  steering wheel, her right index finger picking at an old  adhesive label on the windshield. And then, abruptly, James is aware of the dented fender o Vaughan's Lincoln only a few feet behind Catherine's spor car. Vaughan now surges past James, crowding along the roadway if waiting for Catherine to make a mistake. Startled,  Catherine takes refuge in front of an airline bus in the  nearside lane. Vaughan drives alongside the bus, using hi horn and lights to force the driver back, and again cuts behind Catherine. James moves ahead along the center lane, shouting to Vaug as he passes him, but Vaughan is signalling to Catherine, pumping his headlights at her rear fender. Without thinking, Catherine pulls into the courtyard of a filling station, forcing Vaughan into a heavy U-turn. Tir screaming, he swings around the ornamental flower-bed wit its glazed pottery plants, but James blocks his way with own car. Heart racing, Catherine sits still in her car among the f pumps, her eyes flashing at Vaughan. James steps from his car and walks across to Vaughan, who watches James approach as if he had never seen him before scarred mouth working on a piece of gum as he gazes at th aircrafts taking off from the airport.
49) 1) dialog: Vaughan, what the hell are you doing?  Are you trying to create your own  Famous Crash?
50) 0) text: James and Catherine lie naked in bed, she with her back t him, buttocks pressed into his groin. He is inside her.
50) 2) dialog: It does.
50) 4) dialog: He's very pale. Covered with scars.
50) 6) dialog: No. But when he's in that car...
50) 8) dialog: I think it's badly scarred too. From  a motorcycle accident.
51) 2) text: Helen Remington and James are having sex in the back seat Helen's car, Helen sitting on James's lap with her back t him. She dismounts him and touches his shoulder with an  uncertain hand, as though he were a patient she had worke hard to revive.
53) 0) text: James lies against the rear seat of the car while Helen  dresses with abrupt movements, straightening her shirt ar her hips like a department-store window-dresser jerking a garment on to a mannequin.
53) 1) dialog: Please finish your story.
53) 3) dialog: And you had sex with all of these  men in cars? Only in cars?
53) 5) dialog: And did you fantasize that Vaughan  was photographing all these sex acts?  As though they were traffic accidents?
54) 0) text: We are witnessing a spectacular road accident re-created  under laboratory conditions in the immense confines of th Road Research Lab. A motorcycle is in the process of having a head-on collis with a sedan bearing a family of four -- an extremely vio and disturbing crash, despite the use of cradles, dummies rails, cables and extensive metering and recording techno Among the many witnesses to the crash, including numerous engineers, technicians and Transport Ministry officials, James, Helen and Vaughan. Vaughan is energetically masturbating through his jeans,  shielded by a sheaf of publicity folders which he holds i his other hand. There is a terrific metallic explosion as the motorcycle  strikes the front of the sedan. The two vehicles veer sid towards the line of startled spectators. The motorcyclist and his bike sail over the hood of the c and strike the windshield, then careen across the roof in black mass of fragments. The car plunges ten feet back on its hawsers and comes to rest astride its rails. The hood, windshield and roof hav been crushed by the impact. Inside the cabin, the lopside family lurch across each other, the decapitated torso of front-seat woman passenger embedded in the fractured  windshield. The engineers wave to the crowd reassuringly and move tow the motorcycle, which lies on its side fifty yards behind the car. But it is Vaughan -- a black-jacketed figure str on long, uneven legs -- who arrives first at the bike. For a moment it seems that he might try to lift it up him but he then backs away to where technicians are picking u pieces of the motorcyclist's body, and then turns away  completely and rejoins Helen and James. Vaughan holds up the bundle of technical hand-outs in his grip.
54) 2) text: Helen takes James's arm, smiling at him, nodding  encouragingly, as if urging a child across some mental hu
54) 4) text: An audience of thirty or so gathers at the trestle tables watch a slowmotion replay on a huge television monitor. A the hypnotic, grotesque ballet unfolds, the crowd's own  ghostly images stand silently in the background, hands an faces unmoving while the collision is re-enacted. The dre like reversal of roles makes them seem less real than the mannequins in the car. James looks down at the silk-suited wife of a Ministry  official standing beside him. Her eyes watch the film wit rapt gaze, as if she were seeing herself and her daughter dismembered in the crash.
55) 0) text: James rides in Vaughan's car. Vaughan drives aggressively rolling the heavy car along the access roads, holding the battered bumpers a few feet behind any smaller vehicle un it moves out of the way.
55) 2) dialog: You could get your wish at any moment.
55) 4) dialog: Is that why you drive this car? I  take it that you see Kennedy's  assassination as a special kind of  car crash?
55) 8) text: James opens the briefcase and slides out a thick packet o glossy photographs, all of them marked up with coloured i pens. The photos are culled from a variety of sources -- newspa magazines, video stills, film frames -- blown up to unifo 8' x 10' size. Each one depicts a famous crash victim in prime of life, and each one has the wounds to come marked very explicitly -- lines circling their necks and pubic a breasts and cheekbones shaded in, section lines across th mouths and abdomens. Handwritten notes complement the cir and arrows. A second packet of photographs shows the cars in which th famous people died. Each photo is marked to show which pa of the cars destroyed or fused with which famous body par for example, a close-up of the dashboard and windshield f the Camus car -- Michel Gallimard's Facel Vega -- is mark 'nasal bridge', 'soft palate', 'left zygomatic arch'.
55) 9) dialog: It's very... satisfying. I'm not  sure I understand why.
55) 11) dialog: What about the reshaping of the human  body by modern technology? I thought  that was your project.
56) 0) text: The Lincoln spirals its way up toward the upper levels of the airport carpark. James just spots a sharp-faced young woman in a very short skirt, an airport whore, provocativ bent over a railing ostensibly to watch airplanes land an take off, when Vaughan slams on the brakes and jumps out the car.
56) 2) text: The startled James numbly obeys, sliding over into the  driver's seat as Vaughan approaches the whore and begins negotiate with her. James gingerly maneuvers the boat-lik car to one side to allow traffic to pass as Vaughan retur with the gum-chewing whore in tow. As the girl, with short black hair and a boy's narrow-hip body, opens the passenger door, Vaughan hands her a joint and lights it for her. Then, lifting her chin, he puts hi fingers in her mouth and plucks out the knot of gum, flic it away into the darkness.
57) 0) text: James drives the Lincoln along the bizarrely lighted road that ring the airport. Vaughan and the whore are in the b seat.
58) 0) text: James adjusts the rear-view mirror so that he can see int the rear seat. Vaughan is having strange, disconnected se with the whore. James realizes that he can almost control the sexual act behind him by the way in which he drives t car. It is, in that sense, a sexual threesome -- or, more prop a foursome, because the sex between Vaughan and the whore takes place in the hooded grottoes of the luminescent dia surging needles and blinking lights of the black, broodin Lincoln.
59) 0) text: James and Renata sort through some storyboards together a the architect's table. Renata takes a few cast-offs and w past the window toward the filing cabinet. She takes a qu peek out the window on her way.
59) 2) text: James leaves the table and looks out the window. Vaughan sitting in his car in the center of the parking-lot. Most the staff are leaving for home, taking their cars one by from the slots around Vaughan's dusty limousine.
59) 4) dialog: Hard to say.
59) 6) dialog: No, thanks. I'll go with Vaughan.
60) 0) text: James walks out into the nearly deserted parking-lot to f two cars parked in front of Vaughan's Lincoln: a police p car and Catherine's white sports car. One policeman is inspecting the Lincoln, peering through dusty windows, with Vaughan fidgeting beside him. The oth stands beside Catherine's car, questioning her. James slows guiltily as both policemen begin to talk to  Vaughan. Catherine spots James and walks crisply over to  him.
60) 2) dialog: Vaughan isn't interested in  pedestrians.
60) 5) dialog: At home. I couldn't face all this  traffic.
60) 7) text: As Catherine and James walk toward Vaughan, he reaches in the rear seat of his car and pulls out a white sweatshirt As he takes off his denim jacket, the falling light picks out the scars on his naked abdomen and chest, a constella of white chips that circle his body from the left armpit  down to his crotch.
62) 0) text: Catherine has half hidden herself behind the passenger se Her steady eyes follow the skid marks and loops of  bloodstained oil that cross the familiar macadam like a b diagram. Vaughan, by contrast, leans out the window, both arms rea as if about to seize one of the bodies. In some recess in the back seat he has found a camera, which now swings fro his neck. Siren whining, a third ambulance drives down the oncoming lane. A police motorcyclist cuts in front of James and sl to a halt, signalling him to wait and allow the ambulance pass. James stops the car. Ten yards from them is the crushed limousine, the body of the young chauffeur still lying on the ground beside it.  Three engineers work with surreal hand-tools and hydrauli cutting and prying equipment at the rear doors of the  limousine. They sever the jammed door mechanism and pull  back the door to expose the passengers trapped inside the compartment. The two passengers, a pink-faced man in his fifties weari a black overcoat, and a younger woman with a pale, anemic skin, still sit upright, staring blankly, in the rear sea A policeman pulls away the traveling rug that covers thei legs and waists. The woman's legs are bare, the older man feet splayed, apparently broken at the ankles. The woman' skirt has ridden up around her waist, and her left hand h the window strap. As the older man turns to the woman, one hand searching f her, he slips sideways off the seat, his ankles kicking a the clutter of leather valises and broken glass. The traffic stream moves on. James eases the car forwards Vaughan raises the camera to his eye, lowering it from si when an ambulance attendant tries to knock it from his ha The pedestrian bridge passes overhead. Half out of the ca Vaughan peers at the scores of legs pressed against the m railings, then opens the door and dives out.
63) 0) text: As James pulls the Lincoln on to the verge, Vaughan runs  back to the pedestrian bridge, darting in and out of the  cars. James and Catherine get out of the car. As James closes the door, he notices that the blood of on of the accident victims has somehow been splashed on to t door handle, and that some of it is now on his hand. He finds a section of newspaper at the side of the road a wipes the blood off his hand. When he looks up, he realiz that Catherine has followed Vaughan back to the accident  site.
64) 0) text: James walks back alone, eventually spotting them among th throng of spectators, Catherine watching Vaughan's scarre face intently, provocatively, as he photographs every asp of the accident. There is a calmly festive and pervasive sexuality in the among the onlookers, and even a congregational feeling as one group of engineers works on the crushed sports sedan, prying at the metal roof which has been flattened on to t heads of the occupants. And now Vaughan poses an only slightly reluctant Catherin against the backdrop of the stricken taxi as though she w one of the shaken survivors of the accident. When the roof of the sports sedan is levered up, the hair the driver, its only passenger, comes off with it as thou scalped, stuck to the roofliner with drying blood. But it soon apparent that it's not hair, but rather a cheap, tan platinum blond wig. Vaughan makes his way over to the sedan, intrigued by the dangling 'scalp', which is almost phosphorescent in the r rescue work lights. Catherine trails obediently behind hi like a harshly disciplined puppy. When the body of the driver is exposed to the lights, the effect is doubly grotesque, for not only is the driver de and partially crushed, but he is also a cross-dresser:  Seagrave, in Jayne Mansfield drag. His long, greasy hair tied up in a knot on his head, he is unshaven, his huge,  fake bosom is bloody and askew; his bloated, muscular bod strains against the pink 60s skirt and jacket, the blue s boots with high heels. There is also a dead Chihuahua bitch inside the car with  Seagrave, which Vaughan manages to move with his foot unt a cop, outraged, shoos him away. The dog is stiff with ri mortis, obviously dead long before the crash. An excited Vaughan has spotted James and now approaches h breathless.
64) 4) text: Now Vaughan turns to James, his face flushed, incandescen with joy.
64) 6) text: Vaughan lopes off toward the Seagrave wreck. But James hangs back, watching, as the passengers from th taxi are carried on stretchers to an ambulance. The dead  chauffeur of the limousine lies with a blanket over his f while a doctor and two ambulance men climb into the rear  compartment. Beyond them, Vaughan begins to snap away at every possibl aspect of Seagrave's wreck, beginning with the dead Chihu
65) 0) text: Some time later, as the crowd disperses and the traffic b to flow normally, James kneels beside the Lincoln and sho Vaughan the blood on his door. Catherine sits in the back seat.
65) 1) dialog: We must have driven through a pool  of blood. If the police stop you  again, they may impound the car while  they have the blood analyzed.
65) 4) text: Vaughan rises and holds the door open for James, who sits behind the wheel, expecting Vaughan to walk around the ca and sit beside him. Instead, Vaughan pulls open the rear  door and climbs in beside Catherine. As they set off, Vaughan's camera lands on the front seat
66) 0) text: As they drive, James watches Catherine in the rear-view  mirror. She sits in the center of the back seat, elbows  forward on her knees, looking over his shoulder at the  speeding lights of the expressway. At the first traffic l she smiles at James reassuringly. Vaughan sits like a bored gangster beside her, his left k leaning against her thigh. One hand rubs his groin absent mindedly. He stares at the nape of her neck, running his  eyes along the profiles of her cheek and shoulder.
68) 0) text: The car ahead advances a few yards, its brake-lights  illuminating the interior of the Lincoln, covering the tr with a pink sheen. Through the rear-view mirror James see that Catherine is leaning against the back seat, her shou pressed tightly into Vaughan's. Her eyes are fixed on  Vaughan's chest, on the scars around his injured nipples, shining like points of light. James edges the Lincoln forward a few feet. When he turns around, he sees that Vaughan is holding in his cupped rig hand his wife's bare breast. James fumbles for change as Vaughan caresses Catherine's  nipple in the back seat. Catherine looks down at this bre with rapt eyes, as if seeing it for the first time, fasci by its unique geometry.
69) 0) text: Their car is alone in the washing bay. A voice rings out. Cigarette in hand, one of the attendants stands in the we darkness, beckoning to James, who inserts his coins in th pay slot and closes the window. Water jets on to the car, clouding the windows and shutti the trio into the interior.
70) 0) text: Within their blue grotto, Vaughan lies diagonally across back seat. Catherine kneels across him, skirt rolled arou her waist. The light refracted through the soap solution  jetting across the windows covers their bodies with a  luminescent glow, like two semi-metallic human beings of future making love in a chromium bower. The gantry engine begins to drum. The rollers pound acros the hood of the Lincoln and roar forward to the windshiel driving the soap solution into a whirlwind of froth. Cath settles over Vaughan, and as the rollers drum against the roof and doors, Vaughan drives his pelvis upwards, almost lifting his buttocks off the seat. In the mounting roar of the rollers, she and Vaughan rock together, Vaughan holding her breasts together with his p as if trying to force them into a single globe. When his  hands move away to her buttocks, James can see that her  breasts have been bruised by Vaughan's fingers, the marks forming a pattern like crash injuries. At just this moment, Catherine looks into James's eyes in instant of complete lucidity. Her expression shows both i and affection, an acceptance of a sexual logic they both  recognize and have prepared themselves for. James sits quietly in the front seat as the white soap sl across the roof and doors like liquid lace. Catherine cri out, a gasp of pain cut off by Vaughan's strong hand acro her mouth. He sits back with her legs across his hips,  slapping her with his free hand. His sweaty face is clamp in an expression of anger and distress. The blows raise  blunted weals on Catherine's arm and hips.
71) 0) text: James drives the Lincoln home along a deserted motorway.
72) 0) text: The street-lamps illuminate Vaughan's sleeping face in th rear of the car, scarred mouth lying open like a child's  against the sweat-soaked seat. Catherine sits forward, freeing herself from Vaughan. She touches James's shoulder in a gesture of domestic affecti In the mirror, James can see the weals on her cheek and n the bruised mouth that deforms her nervous smile.
73) 0) text: The Lincoln pulls up at the Ballards' apartment building. James and Catherine get out and stand in the darkness bes the now-immaculate black car. Vaughan is still asleep in back. James takes Catherine's arm to steady her, holding bag in his hand. As they walk toward the entrance, Vaughan gets up and cli unsteadily behind the steering wheel. Without looking bac at James and Catherine, he starts the engine and quietly  drives off.
74) 0) text: In the elevator, James holds Catherine closely, lovingly.
75) 0) text: That night, James kneels over Catherine as she lies diago across the bed, her small feet resting on his pillow, one hand over her right breast. She watches him with a calm and affectionate gaze as he  explores her body and bruises, feeling them gently with h fingers, lips and cheeks, tracing and interpreting the ra symbols that Vaughan's hands and mouth have left across h skin.
76) 0) text: James and the crippled Gabrielle visit the annual auto sh which occupies the immense halls of the airport conventio center. He watches appreciatively as she swings herself o her shackled legs among the hundreds of cars displayed on their stands. Gabrielle approaches the imposing Mercedes stand and, piv about on her heels, seems to take immense pleasure from t immaculate vehicles, placing her scarred hands on their  paintwork, rolling her injured hips against them like an  unpleasant cat. She soon draws the attention of a young salesman, who tri hard not to notice her scars and braces.
76) 3) text: Both James and Gabrielle enjoy the salesman's discomfort he helps her into the Mercedes sports car. She does her best to make it difficult, deliberately snag her leg brace clips on the soft leather of the driver's s armrest, forcing him to unhook her and to touch her defor thighs and knees while manipulating her legs into the  footwell.
77) 0) text: James makes love to Gabrielle in the front seat of her sm invalid car, deliberately involving the complex hand cont in the mechanics of their sex. As he slips his hand around her right breast, he collides with the strange geometry of the car's interior. Unexpected controls jut from beneath the steering wheel. cluster of chromium treadles is fastened to a steel pivot clamped to the steering column. An extension on the floor mounted gear lever rises laterally, giving way to a verti wing of chromium metal moulded into the reverse of a driv palm. Amid this small forest of machinery, James explores  Gabrielle's new and strange body, feeling his way among t braces and straps of her underwear, the unfamiliar planes her hips and legs, the unique culs-de-sac, odd declension of skin and musculature. Gabrielle lies back. She lifts her left foot so that the brace rests against his knee. In the inner surface of her thigh the straps form marked depressions, troughs of redd skin hollowed out in the forms of buckles and clasps. Jam unshackles the left leg brace and runs his fingers along hot, corrugated skin of the deep buckle groove. The exposed portions of her body are joined together by t loosened braces and straps. Through the fading afternoon  light the airplanes move across their heads along the eas west runways of the airport. Gabrielle's hand moves acros his chest, opening his shirt, her fingers finding the sma scars below his collarbone, the imprint of the instrument binnacle of his own crashed car. She runs the tip of her  tongue into each of the wound-scars on his chest and abdo James exposes her breasts, feeling for the wound areas wh surround them. As he tries to enter her, she puts her han over his mouth.
77) 4) text: Gabrielle rotates over him so that he can see the wounds her right hip. James turns her back, pulls her thigh in  between his own thighs and enters her scar. With his mout fastened on the scar beneath her left breast, his tongue  exploring its sickle-shaped trough, he comes almost  immediately.
78) 0) text: We float through the studio past a one-story-high automob battery. Its six cells are transparent and each one conta something submerged in the bubbly water that represents  battery acid: a two-man submarine, a scuba diver, a small shark... James stands pacing as the dolly shot is reset, lighting adjusted. An AD brings him a cellular phone.
78) 2) text: James nods. The AD presses the TALK button and hands the  phone to James.
78) 3) dialog: Hello? Ballard.
79) 2) dialog: (phone) Where are you?
80) 0) text: James drives up to the tattoo parlor, which is located in small mall. It is next to a small, private medical clinic and has the same antiseptic, untextured look of the ear,  nose and throat suite next door.
81) 0) text: James enters to discover Vaughan getting a wound tattoo o his abdomen, one that looks as though it could have been  made by the fluted lower edge of a plastic steering wheel The woman giving Vaughan the tattoo is sexless and  professional. She could be a nurse or a hospital dieticia James sits next to them, barely acknowledged by the woman Vaughan has messy papers spread out in front of him that  include stylized sketches of famous crash wounds, photos Andy Warhol's scars, automotive styling-detail drawings f a 50s Detroit design studio.
81) 7) dialog: Where do you think that one should  go?
82) 0) text: We are close on the fresh tattoo on James's inner thigh. looks more like a cartoon version of a wound than a real  wound. We can see it because James's trousers are down ar his knees. Vaughan's face comes into frame. He gently kisses the tat James lifts Vaughan's face to his own and kisses his mout touches his tongue to each of the scars around Vaughan's  mouth.
84) 0) text: James and Vaughan show their wounds to each other, exposi the scars on their chests and hands to the beckoning inju sites on the interior of the car, to the pointed sills of the chromium ashtrays, to the curtain of wheel covers han on a web of twisted wire just outside the car window. They touch, embrace, kiss.
85) 0) text: James steps unsteadily from the Lincoln into the roadway, followed for an instant by Vaughan's uncertain arm reachi for him. He moves away from the car, along the palisade to the  overgrown entrance of the wrecker's yard. Above him, the  cars on the motorway move like motorized wrecks.
86) 0) text: Just outside the fence of the auto-wrecker's yard, a wrec its engine and wheels removed, sits on its axles. James o the door on its rusting hinges. A confetti of fragmented  glass covers the front passenger seat. James gets in and sits there for a moment, crouched over mudstreaked instrument panel, his knees tightened against his chest wall. A moment or two of this strangely comfort foetal security, and then James unfolds and begins to get back out of the car. An engine starts with a roar. As James steps back into th roadway he is briefly aware of a heavy black vehicle  accelerating toward him from the shadow of the overpass w he and Vaughan embraced together. Its white-walled tires  tear through the broken beer bottles and cigarette packs the gutter, mount the narrow curb and hurtle on toward hi Knowing that Vaughan will not stop, will kill him, James  presses himself against the concrete wall. The Lincoln sw after him, its right-hand fender striking the rear wheel  housing of the car James has just left. It swings away,  ripping the open passenger door from its hinges. A column of exploding dust and torn newspaper rises into air as it slides sideways across the access road. The Lin remounts the curb on the far side of the road, crushing a ten-yard section of the wooden palisade. James can see Vaughan flicking a look back, his hard eyes calculating whether or not he can make a second pass at h The rear wheels regain their traction on the road surface and the car swings away on to the motorway above. James leans against the roof of the abandoned car. The  passenger door has been crushed into the front fender, th deformed metal welded together by the impact. James retches suddenly and emptily. Shreds of torn paper eddy through the air around him, pas themselves at various points against the crushed door pan and radiator hood.
87) 0) text: James sits on the balcony of his apartment, watching the  sky. A single-engined airplane floats above the motorway, glass dragonfly carried by the sun. It seems to hang  motionless, the propeller rotating slowly like a toy  aircraft's. The light pours from its wings in a ceaseless fountain. Below it, the traffic moves sluggishly along the crowded  concrete lanes, the roofs of the vehicles forming a conti carapace of polished cellulose. Suddenly, Catherine is behind him. She puts her hands on shoulders and he turns to her as though in a dream, gestu toward the airplane.
87) 1) dialog: I thought that was you, up there.
87) 3) text: James can see now that Catherine is frightened. He takes hand.
87) 4) dialog: What? Tell me.
88) 0) text: Catherine's car sits in the driveway. The paintwork along the left-hand side has been marked in some minor collisio Catherine and James stand examining the mark soberly,  archeologists faced with a problematic hieroglyph.
88) 2) dialog: One of your suitors?
88) 4) text: He kneels down to examine the assault on her car. He feels the abrasions on the left-hand door and body pan explores with his hand the deep trench that runs the full length of the car from the crushed tail-light to the fron headlamp. The imprint of the other car's heavy front bump is clearly marked on the rear wheel guard. James rises and takes Catherine's arm. He opens the passe door for her.
88) 5) dialog: It's Vaughan. He's courting you.  Let's go find him.
90) 0) text: James is driving. He looks across at Catherine. She sits  very still, pale, one hand on the window-sill.
90) 1) dialog: The traffic... where is everyone?  They've all gone away.
90) 3) dialog: Not yet. It's only beginning.
92) 0) text: One of the filling stations is near the airport. As they  cruise by it, they spot Vera Seagrave talking to a girl  attendant at the pumps. James turns into the forecourt. Vera is dressed in a heav insulated leather jacket, as though she were about to lea on an Antarctic expedition. James calls to her from the car.
92) 1) dialog: Vera! Vera Seagrave!
92) 2) text: At first she fails to recognize him. Her firm eyes cut ac him to Catherine's elegant figure, as if suspicious of he cross-legged posture. James gets out of the car and approaches Vera. He points the suitcases in the rear seat of Vera's car.
92) 3) dialog: Are you leaving, Vera? Listen, I'm  trying to find Vaughan.
92) 6) text: James puts his hand on the windshield, but she switches o the windshield wipers, almost cutting the knuckle of his  wrist.
92) 8) text: Before James can stop her, she accelerates toward the exi and turns into the fast evening traffic. James gets back into Catherine's car.
92) 9) dialog: I think he'll be waiting for us at  the airport.
92) 11) text: James turns the car into the traffic.
93) 0) text: Vaughan is waiting for them at the airport flyover. He ma no attempt to hide himself, pushing his heavy car into th passing traffic stream. Apparently uninterested in them, Vaughan lies against his door sill, almost asleep at the wheel as he surges forwar when the lights change. His left hand drums across the ri of the steering wheel as he swerves the Lincoln to and fr across the road surface. His face is fixed in a rigid mask as he cuts in and out o the traffic lanes, surging ahead in the fast lane until h is abreast of them and then sliding back behind them, all other cars to cut between them and then taking up a watch position in the slow lane. James can see that Vaughan's car has become even more bat than it was before, scarred with many impact points, a re window broken, cracked headlamps, a body panel detached f the off-side rear wheel housing, the front bumper hanging from the chassis pinion, its rusting lower curvature touc the ground as Vaughan corners. When they slow down for a line of tankers, Vaughan makes move. He pulls up beside them and then cuts viciously acr three lanes of traffic to hit them broadside. The nose of the Lincoln just nicks the tail of the light sports car,  which spins down the road. The Lincoln keeps on going, its vast momentum taking it i the guard rails of the exit ramp, and then over them. Catherine and James slam spinning into the tail of a tank which has all but stopped. The traffic behind them has al been slowing and thus easily avoids hitting the sports ca when it comes bouncing to a halt across two traffic lanes Catherine lies back, sprawled in her seat, eyes wide and  staring with fright, body rigid, bleeding from a small cu on her cheekbone. James jumps out of the car, then immedi slows with a limp. He continues, working his way doggedly through the motionless cars to the edge of the ramp. When he looks over the edge, James sees that Vaughan's Li has plunged into the top of an airline coach which was ru on the roadway below. With the Lincoln now inside it, the coach then slewed sideways and crashed into several other vehicles. Wreckage, flames and blood are everywhere. James's eyes are wide: not with horror, but with exciteme
94) 0) text: Catherine and James stand at the gatehouse of the police  pound, collecting the gate key from the mustachioed, shar eyed young officer there. They then walk down the lines of seized and abandoned  vehicles. The pound is in darkness, lit only by the stree lights reflected in the dented chromium. They soon find Vaughan's crashed Lincoln, massive and  charismatic even here, even in death. James manages to wr open the passenger-side rear door enough to allow them bo to get inside.
96) 0) text: Afterwards, they walk among the cars. The beams of small  headlamps cut across their knees. An open car has stopped beside the gatehouse. Two women sit behind the windshield peering into the darkness. A pause, and then the car moves forward, its driver turni the wheel until the headlamps illuminate the remains of t dismembered vehicle in which Vaughan died. The woman in the passenger seat steps out and pauses brie by the gates. It is Helen Remington. When she helps the d out of the car, James and Catherine see that it is the  crippled Gabrielle, her leg shackles clacking as she and  Helen begin to walk toward Vaughan's car. They stroll haltingly, arms around each other, like stran lovers in a cemetery visiting a favorite mausoleum. At on point, Helen kisses Gabrielle's hand, and it is obvious t they have become lovers. James and Catherine circle away from the couple and make  their way back to the gatehouse. In the depths of the pound, Helen helps Gabrielle into th Lincoln. In the darkness of the back seat, they embrace.
97) 0) text: James stands talking to the officer at the gatehouse wind holding Catherine's arm around his waist, pressing her fi against the muscles of his stomach.
97) 1) dialog: I'd like to register a claim for the  black 1963 Lincoln, the one that  came in a couple of days ago. Is  there a form I can fill out?
97) 3) dialog: A close friend owned it.
99) 0) text: We pull back to see James alone in the car. The road is  crowded and manic; James is intense, hard, exhilarated, a a hunter. The car is full of junk, pop cans, styrofoam  containers, all suggesting that he has basically been liv in the car for some time. James is searching for something among the lanes of traff threading the immense car in and out of the shifting hole that appear and disappear, driving with a fluid recklessn that is recognizably Vaughan's style. Suddenly, James becomes tense, focused: he has spotted wh he has been looking for.
101) 0) text: In her mirrors, Catherine spots the Lincoln charging towa her along the emergency lane. Her demeanor is just as  predatory as James's, and she does not hesitate to react. Catherine cranks the steering wheel to the right and dive across two lanes of startled vehicles to fishtail down a  little-used utility access road. Behind her, and closing rapidly, the lumbering Lincoln fo suit.
102) 0) text: Around the decreasing-radius curve of the utility road, t more nimble sports car stretches out the distance between and the Lincoln, but once the road uncurls, the booming V allows the American car to gobble up the ground until it nose to tail with Catherine's car. James begins to bump the tail of the sports car, breaking off the accelerator for a beat to let the white car -- wh looks especially fragile and delicate by comparison -- ge away a bit, then charging back until it makes contact. Now the road ahead curves again, and just as Catherine en the curve, James gives her a seriously violent jolt. The  rear of her car slews off on to the grass verge, almost c back, then loses traction completely. Catherine's car spins backwards off the road, then rolls  unceremoniously, almost gently, down a small grade, shedd bits and pieces, until it finally flops to a halt on its  side in front of a cement culvert.
103) 0) text: Momentum has carried James past the point where Catherine has left the road. James stands on the brakes until the  Lincoln shudders to a halt. He jams the shift lever into  reverse and backs up, tires squealing and smoking in prot to where he saw her go over the edge.
104) 0) text: James jumps out of the car and stands for a beat at the e of the road on the wet grass, savoring the tableau below  him. Catherine lies sprawled, half out of the car, her tight b dress hiked up over her hips, one arm across her face as  though shielding her eyes from the sight of her ruined,  lightly smoking sports car. James eagerly makes his way down the wet grass of the hil toward Catherine. As he approaches her, she begins to mov stretching her arms behind her head, as though awakening  from a deep sleep. He can now see that her dress is wet,  soaked by the dirty water trickling out of the culvert an now dammed up by her torso. James kneels close to Catherine.
104) 1) dialog: Catherine. Are you all right? Are  you hurt?
104) 4) text: James slips her panties down her legs, leaving them aroun her left ankle when they snag on the one high-heeled shoe she still has on. He gently rotates her on to her right h undoes his fly, then lies down on the concrete with her,  ignoring the light, muddy stream which now begins to soak the thigh of his trousers. Kissing the back of her neck, enters her from behind.
104) 5) dialog: Maybe the next one, darling... Maybe  the next one...