17) 0) text: James is taking his walk through the hallways, trundling IV stand along with him like an awkward pet. A white-coated doctor -- Vaughan -- steps into the ward f a room at the end of the hall. He is bare-chested under h white coat. His strong hands carry a briefcase filled wit photographs, which he pauses to shuffle through, as thoug checking a map. As James approaches this new visitor, Vaughan's pockmarke jaws chomp on a piece of gum, creating the impression tha he might be hawking obscene pictures around the wards,  pornographic X-ray plates and blacklisted urinalyses. He  sports copious scar tissue around his forehead and mouth, rumpled and puckered as though residues from some terrify act of violence. Vaughan looks James up and down, taking in every detail o his injuries with evident interest.
17) 1) dialog: James Ballard?
17) 3) dialog: Crash victim?
17) 5) text: Vaughan shuffles his photos again. James manages to make the shapes of a few crushed and distorted vehicles caught lurid, flash-lit news style. Vaughan flips through them  distractedly, then with an unexpected, almost flirtatious flourish slides them back into his briefcase and tucks it under his arm.
17) 6) dialog: We'll deal with these later.
17) 7) text: He flashes James an enigmatic smile, and walks off down t hallway. As James turns to continue, a young woman comes out of th same room that Vaughan appeared from and moves toward him using a dark wooden walking stick. She presses her face i her raised shoulder, possibly to hide the bruise marking right cheekbone. The woman is Dr. Helen Remington, whose husband died in h car crash with James. James stops as she approaches. He speaks without thinking
26) 3) text: James shifts the car into gear and cruises slowly toward man with the camera. As they approach him, he gets out of his own car, ignoring them, and kneels down to study the  hieroglyphics of the skid marks on the road surface. As James and Renata drive past the kneeling man, the sunl highlights the ridges of scars on his forehead and around his mouth. The man looks up at James and he recognizes Vaughan, the  young doctor he last saw in the hallway at the airport  hospital.
36) 0) text: We are looking at the words 'Little Bastard' written in b script on silver metal, enamel on unpainted aluminum. We  pull back to reveal the entire metal object, which is a 1 Porsche 550 Spyder race car. It is small and curvaceous, is being fussed over by several men in overalls. The numb '130' is painted on its hood and doors. The Porsche sits on a country road, two-lane blacktop, he wooded, lit by a series of movie lights. On the hills lin the road a few rough wooden stands have been erected. A blond man -- Vaughan -- stands near the rear of the Por a microphone in his hand. His voice floats eerily out of woods from speakers mounted on a series of pine trees.
36) 1) dialog: (over speakers) 'Don't worry, that guy's gotta see  us!' These were the confident last  words of the brilliant young Hollywood  star James Dean as he piloted his  Porsche 550 Spyder race car toward a  date with death on a lonely stretch  of California two-lane blacktop,  Route 466. 'Don't worry, that guy's  gotta see us.' The year, 1955; the  day, September thirtieth; the time:  now.
37) 4) dialog: (over speakers) The first star of our show is 'Little  Bastard', James Dean's racing Porsche.  He named it after himself, and had  his racing number, 130, painted on  it.
37) 9) dialog: (over speakers) The second star is stuntman and former  race driver -- Colin Seagrave, who  will drive our replica of James Dean's  car.
38) 0) text: Seagrave, a coarse and burly man, wriggles his way behind the wheel of the delicate little race car without  acknowledging the cheers of the crowd. He wears James Dea clothes -- a red windbreaker, a white T-shirt, jeans, loa prescription glasses with clip-on sunshades. As he talks, Vaughan tours the phalanx of tripod-mounted  cameras to check their placement, and chats off-mike with the pair of cameramen with hand-held cameras. He seems to more the director of the event, possibly the ringmaster,  than an actor in it.
38) 1) dialog: (over speakers) I myself shall play the role of James  Dean's racing mechanic, Rolf  WГјtherich, sent over from the Porsche  factory in Zuffenhausen, Germany.  This mechanic was himself fated to  die in a car crash in Germany twenty- six years later. And the third and  in some ways most important party,  the college student Donald Turnupseed,  played by movie stuntman Brett Trask.
38) 3) dialog: (over speakers) Turnupseed was on his way back to  his home in Fresno for the weekend.  James Dean was on his way to an  automobile race in Salinas, a dusty  town in northern California. The two  would only meet for one moment, but  it was a moment that would create a  Hollywood legend.
38) 4) text: At this point Vaughan, who is dressed in light-blue cotto 1950s mechanics' overalls, sees James and Helen in the th crowd and waves to them, as though they were long-standin aficionados of crash spectacles. He doesn't wait to see i they react, but immediately steps into the passenger side the Porsche, microphone still in hand.
38) 5) dialog: (over speakers) You'll notice that we are not wearing  helmets or safety padding of any  kind, and our cars are not equipped  with roll cages or seat-belts. We  depend solely on the skill of our  drivers for our safety, so that we  can bring you the ultimate in  authenticity. All right, here we go.  The fatal crash of James Dean!
38) 6) text: Vaughan hands the microphone to a stills cameraman who al functions as an assistant, and then sinks down into the s car. Seagrave starts the Porsche, which settles quickly into a husky idle. A few blips of the throttle, and then the Por is reversed down to the edge of the lighted strip of road When the Porsche stops, the excited crowd goes quiet. An  assistant with a walkie-talkie kneels beside the silver c on the driver's side, co-ordinating the start with his  opposite number standing next to the Ford over the hill. There is a calculated pause before anything happens, and  then the Porsche spins its wheels and accelerates up the  hill. From their vantage point in the stand, James and Helen ca clearly see that the Ford has also started and that the t cars are headed toward each other, each in its respective lane. The Porsche accelerates hard, the Ford lumbers along at a moderate pace, swaying clumsily on its soft springs. As the cars approach each other, James notices a fresh  clearing at the side of the road at just about the point  where they seem likely to pass. Sure enough, when the car are about thirty yards apart, the Ford wanders over the c line. As the Porsche approaches it, it seems to move back into its own lane, but then suddenly swerves again as tho making a left turn. The Porsche, in its turn, swerves to avoid the big Americ car but they collide, the immense chrome grill punching i the side of the fragile race car, crumpling it like a wad tin foil and shunting it unceremoniously off the road int the clearing that has been prepared for it. As the Porsche hobbles to a stop, Vaughan seems to stand on his seat and then throw himself out of the car, rollin over what's left of the front hood on to the ground. Seag remains slumped in the driver's seat. Vaughan lies still  where he lands, a few feet ahead of the crumpled nose of race car. The door of the Ford opens and Trask stumbles out. He beg to walk around in a dazed and agitated manner, and the cr which has been buzzing, goes silent again. Trask walks aw from the crash site and disappears into the shadows at th edge of the road.
39) 0) text: There is no movement from either Seagrave or Vaughan. Jam is not sure how to react, but Helen seems genuinely worri
39) 3) text: A stills cameraman runs out of nowhere and kneels beside apparently stricken Vaughan in the weeds at the side of t road. It is not clear whether he is taking his picture or ministering to him. It soon becomes clear that he has han him a radio microphone because Vaughan's low, melodramati growl now ripples out of the woods from the tree speakers
39) 4) dialog: (over speakers) Rolf WГјtherich was thrown from the  Porsche and spent a year in the  hospital recovering from his injuries.  Donald Turnupseed was found wandering  around in a daze, basically unhurt.  James Dean died of a broken neck and  became immortal.
40) 0) text: Vaughan now leaps to his feet, hands raised in triumph.  Seagrave stirs behind the wheel, then raises his hands. T emerges from the woods, waving to the now-supercharged cr Seagrave tries to get out of the collapsed Porsche but is jammed behind the wheel. Without missing a beat, Vaughan  dances over to the car and begins to haul Seagrave out of his seat.
42) 2) text: Because James and Helen are just in advance of the first  wave of spectators, they manage to link up with Vaughan a he helps haul a still-groggy Seagrave off the road and in the woods. Helen takes Seagrave's free arm.
42) 4) dialog: Hit his head, I think. His balance  is off.
43) 0) text: James and Helen help Vaughan hustle Seagrave through the  woods. The din of the roadway fades away behind them.
43) 2) dialog: It's not the police. It's the  Department of Transport. Internal  politics. It's a joke. They have no  idea who we really are.
44) 0) text: Vaughan drives the Lincoln through a scarred, bleak lands In the front seat with him are Helen and James. Seagrave lying down in the back seat with his eyes closed.
44) 1) dialog: That was glib, wasn't it? 'James  Dean died of a broken neck and became  immortal.' But I couldn't resist.
44) 2) text: Vaughan puts his hand between Helen's thighs. She seems n to notice, but her eyes close dreamily every once in a wh James watches microscopically. Sometimes, when the flow of traffic allows, Vaughan stare intently at James while his hand works away between Helen thighs, and James looks away, flushed, like a schoolgirl.
46) 0) text: The Seagrave apartment is dirty and depressing, featuring cheap, cigarette-scarred leatherette furniture. James watches Helen and Vaughan steer Seagrave into the l room, where two people sit on a couch watching television with the sound turned off: Gabrielle, a sharp-faced young woman who is rolling a hash joint; and Seagrave's wife, V a handsome, restless woman of about thirty. Vera stands as they come in and rushes over to the shaky  Seagrave.
46) 2) text: Vera and Helen lay the confused Seagrave down on the thre seat sofa, while Vaughan sits next to Gabrielle and helps her prepare another hash joint. James, awkwardly left  standing, notices long scars on Vera's thighs and legs.
46) 5) text: James watches Gabrielle and Vaughan. As she rolls a small piece of resin in a twist of silver foil, Vaughan brings brass lighter out of his hip pocket. Gabrielle cooks the  resin, and shakes the powder into the open cigarette wait in the roller machine on her lap. On Gabrielle's legs are traces of what seem to be gas bac scars, faint circular depressions on the kneecaps. She no James staring at her scars, but makes no effort to close legs. On the sofa beside her is a chromium metal cane and, as s shifts her weight, James sees that the instep of each leg held in the steel clamp of a surgical support. It now bec obvious from the over-rigid posture of her waist that she also wearing a back-brace of some kind. Gabrielle rolls another cigarette out of the machine, but does not offer it to James. Instead, Vaughan gets up and  takes it over to Seagrave, who has managed to sit up.
46) 6) dialog: I'd really like to work out the  details of the Jayne Mansfield crash  with you. We could do the decapitation --  her head embedded in the windshield --  and the little dead dog thing as  well. You know, the Chihuahuas in  the back seat. I've got it figured  out.
46) 9) text: James turns to go, leaving Helen to her conversation with Vera, but Vaughan follows him through the door, holding h arm in a powerful grip.
46) 10) dialog: Don't leave yet, Ballard. I want you  to help me.
47) 0) text: James follows Vaughan down a cramped corridor to a  photographic workshop formed out of a warren of small roo Vaughan eases James into the first room and then carefull closes the door behind them.
47) 2) dialog: (laughs) I live in my car. This is my workshop.
47) 3) text: Pinned to the walls and lying on the benches among the en pails are hundreds of photographs. The floor around the  enlarger is littered with half-plate prints, developed an cast aside once they have yielded their images. Vaughan m a sweeping gesture that takes in all the photographs.
47) 4) dialog: And this is the new project, Ballard.
47) 5) text: As Vaughan hunts around the central table, turning the pa of a leather-bound album, James looks down at the discard prints below his feet. Most of them are crude frontal pic of motor-cars and heavy vehicles involved in highway  collisions, surrounded by spectators and police, and clos ups of impacted radiator grills and windshields. Vaughan opens the album at random and hands it to James. leans back against the door and watches as James adjusts desk lamp. The first thirty pages record the crash, hospitalization, and post-recuperative romance of the young woman Gabriell a social worker, the photos suggest -- who is currently  getting very stoned in the next room. By coincidence, her small sports car had collided with an airline bus at the entry to the airport not far from the  site of James's own accident. Vaughan had obviously been  there, shooting film, moments after the crash. The incred detailed photos end with her affair with her physical the instructor. The remainder of the album describes the course of James' own accident and recovery, and includes his sexual encoun with Renata, Helen Remington, and his own wife, Catherine Vaughan stands at James's shoulder, like an instructor re to help a promising pupil. James closes the book.
47) 7) text: At that moment, there is a knock at the door, and then  Gabrielle enters and takes a few stiff steps into the roo on her shackled legs. She holds out a couple of joints to Vaughan.
47) 9) text: Vaughan takes the joints and lights them both. He hands o to James, who takes it gratefully.
47) 11) dialog: It's something we're all intimately  involved in: the reshaping of the  human body by modern technology.
49) 0) text: James and Catherine set off for home in their own separat cars. At times, they are within sight of each other and J watches her microscopically, as though he didn't know her as though, perhaps, she isn't human. At one point he sees her with her hands resting on the  steering wheel, her right index finger picking at an old  adhesive label on the windshield. And then, abruptly, James is aware of the dented fender o Vaughan's Lincoln only a few feet behind Catherine's spor car. Vaughan now surges past James, crowding along the roadway if waiting for Catherine to make a mistake. Startled,  Catherine takes refuge in front of an airline bus in the  nearside lane. Vaughan drives alongside the bus, using hi horn and lights to force the driver back, and again cuts behind Catherine. James moves ahead along the center lane, shouting to Vaug as he passes him, but Vaughan is signalling to Catherine, pumping his headlights at her rear fender. Without thinking, Catherine pulls into the courtyard of a filling station, forcing Vaughan into a heavy U-turn. Tir screaming, he swings around the ornamental flower-bed wit its glazed pottery plants, but James blocks his way with own car. Heart racing, Catherine sits still in her car among the f pumps, her eyes flashing at Vaughan. James steps from his car and walks across to Vaughan, who watches James approach as if he had never seen him before scarred mouth working on a piece of gum as he gazes at th aircrafts taking off from the airport.
49) 2) text: Vaughan hooks his gear lever into reverse.
49) 3) dialog: It excited her, Ballard. Your wife,  Catherine. She enjoyed it. Ask her.
49) 4) text: Vaughan reverses his car in a wide circle, almost running down a passing pump attendant, and sets off across the ea afternoon traffic.
54) 0) text: We are witnessing a spectacular road accident re-created  under laboratory conditions in the immense confines of th Road Research Lab. A motorcycle is in the process of having a head-on collis with a sedan bearing a family of four -- an extremely vio and disturbing crash, despite the use of cradles, dummies rails, cables and extensive metering and recording techno Among the many witnesses to the crash, including numerous engineers, technicians and Transport Ministry officials, James, Helen and Vaughan. Vaughan is energetically masturbating through his jeans,  shielded by a sheaf of publicity folders which he holds i his other hand. There is a terrific metallic explosion as the motorcycle  strikes the front of the sedan. The two vehicles veer sid towards the line of startled spectators. The motorcyclist and his bike sail over the hood of the c and strike the windshield, then careen across the roof in black mass of fragments. The car plunges ten feet back on its hawsers and comes to rest astride its rails. The hood, windshield and roof hav been crushed by the impact. Inside the cabin, the lopside family lurch across each other, the decapitated torso of front-seat woman passenger embedded in the fractured  windshield. The engineers wave to the crowd reassuringly and move tow the motorcycle, which lies on its side fifty yards behind the car. But it is Vaughan -- a black-jacketed figure str on long, uneven legs -- who arrives first at the bike. For a moment it seems that he might try to lift it up him but he then backs away to where technicians are picking u pieces of the motorcyclist's body, and then turns away  completely and rejoins Helen and James. Vaughan holds up the bundle of technical hand-outs in his grip.
54) 1) dialog: Get all the paper you can, Ballard.  Some of the stuff they're giving  away is terrific: 'Mechanisms of  Occupant Ejection', 'Tolerances of  the Human Face in Crash Impacts'...
55) 0) text: James rides in Vaughan's car. Vaughan drives aggressively rolling the heavy car along the access roads, holding the battered bumpers a few feet behind any smaller vehicle un it moves out of the way.
55) 1) dialog: I've always wanted to drive a crashed  car.
55) 3) dialog: No, I mean a crash with a history.  Camus's Facel Vega, or Nathaniel  West's station wagon, Grace Kelly's  Rover 3500. Fix it just enough to  get it rolling. Don't clean it, don't  touch anything else.
55) 5) dialog: The case could be made.
55) 6) text: They approach a major intersection. For almost the first  time on this drive, Vaughan applies the brakes. The heavy car sways and goes into a long right-hand slide which carries it across the path of a taxi. Flooring the  accelerator, Vaughan swerves in front of it, tires scream over the blaring horn of the taxi. As they settle down, Vaughan reaches behind him and lifts briefcase off the back seat.
55) 7) dialog: Take a look at this and tell me what  you think.
55) 10) dialog: It's the future, Ballard, and you're  already part of it. For the first  time, a benevolent psychopathology  beckons towards us. For example, the  car crash is a fertilizing rather  than a destructive event -- a  liberation of sexual energy that  mediates the sexuality of those who  have died with an intensity impossible  in any other form. To fully understand  that, and to live that... that is my  project.
55) 12) dialog: A crude sci-fi concept that floats  on the surface and doesn't threaten  anybody. I use it to test the  resilience of my potential partners  in psychopathology.
55) 13) text: The traffic has jammed up to a walking pace. Using his ho Vaughan forces the drivers in the slower lanes to back up and let him across on to the hard shoulder. Once free, he accelerates past the lines of traffic, occasionally scrap the right flank of the Lincoln against the cement divider In the distance the airport car-park looms.
56) 0) text: The Lincoln spirals its way up toward the upper levels of the airport carpark. James just spots a sharp-faced young woman in a very short skirt, an airport whore, provocativ bent over a railing ostensibly to watch airplanes land an take off, when Vaughan slams on the brakes and jumps out the car.
56) 1) dialog: You drive.
56) 2) text: The startled James numbly obeys, sliding over into the  driver's seat as Vaughan approaches the whore and begins negotiate with her. James gingerly maneuvers the boat-lik car to one side to allow traffic to pass as Vaughan retur with the gum-chewing whore in tow. As the girl, with short black hair and a boy's narrow-hip body, opens the passenger door, Vaughan hands her a joint and lights it for her. Then, lifting her chin, he puts hi fingers in her mouth and plucks out the knot of gum, flic it away into the darkness.
56) 3) dialog: Let's get rid of that. I don't want  you blowing it up my urethra.
57) 0) text: James drives the Lincoln along the bizarrely lighted road that ring the airport. Vaughan and the whore are in the b seat.
58) 0) text: James adjusts the rear-view mirror so that he can see int the rear seat. Vaughan is having strange, disconnected se with the whore. James realizes that he can almost control the sexual act behind him by the way in which he drives t car. It is, in that sense, a sexual threesome -- or, more prop a foursome, because the sex between Vaughan and the whore takes place in the hooded grottoes of the luminescent dia surging needles and blinking lights of the black, broodin Lincoln.
59) 2) text: James leaves the table and looks out the window. Vaughan sitting in his car in the center of the parking-lot. Most the staff are leaving for home, taking their cars one by from the slots around Vaughan's dusty limousine.
60) 0) text: James walks out into the nearly deserted parking-lot to f two cars parked in front of Vaughan's Lincoln: a police p car and Catherine's white sports car. One policeman is inspecting the Lincoln, peering through dusty windows, with Vaughan fidgeting beside him. The oth stands beside Catherine's car, questioning her. James slows guiltily as both policemen begin to talk to  Vaughan. Catherine spots James and walks crisply over to  him.
60) 3) text: As if taking their cue from this, the policemen walk back their car. Vaughan watches them go, head raised like a  periscope.
60) 7) text: As Catherine and James walk toward Vaughan, he reaches in the rear seat of his car and pulls out a white sweatshirt As he takes off his denim jacket, the falling light picks out the scars on his naked abdomen and chest, a constella of white chips that circle his body from the left armpit  down to his crotch.
61) 0) text: The Lincoln has entered an immense traffic jam, and brake lights flare in the evening air. Vaughan sits with one ar out the passenger window. He slaps the door impatiently,  pounding the panel with his fist. A police car speeds down the descent lane of a flyover,  headlights and roof-lamps flashing. Ahead, two policemen  steer the traffic from the nearside curb. Warning tripods set up on the pavement flash a rhythmic 'Slow... Slow...  Accident... Accident...' Eventually, they begin to edge past the accident site, wh is lit by a circle of police spotlights. Three vehicles - taxi, a limousine and a small sports sedan -- have collid where an on-ramp joins the main roadway. A crowd has gath on the sidewalks and on the pedestrian bridge that spans road. Beside the taxi, its three passengers lie in a group, bla swathing their chests and legs. First-aid men work on the driver, an elderly man who sits upright against the fende of his car, face and clothes speckled with drops of blood The limousine's passengers still sit in the deep cabin of their car, their identities sealed behind the starred int window.
62) 0) text: Catherine has half hidden herself behind the passenger se Her steady eyes follow the skid marks and loops of  bloodstained oil that cross the familiar macadam like a b diagram. Vaughan, by contrast, leans out the window, both arms rea as if about to seize one of the bodies. In some recess in the back seat he has found a camera, which now swings fro his neck. Siren whining, a third ambulance drives down the oncoming lane. A police motorcyclist cuts in front of James and sl to a halt, signalling him to wait and allow the ambulance pass. James stops the car. Ten yards from them is the crushed limousine, the body of the young chauffeur still lying on the ground beside it.  Three engineers work with surreal hand-tools and hydrauli cutting and prying equipment at the rear doors of the  limousine. They sever the jammed door mechanism and pull  back the door to expose the passengers trapped inside the compartment. The two passengers, a pink-faced man in his fifties weari a black overcoat, and a younger woman with a pale, anemic skin, still sit upright, staring blankly, in the rear sea A policeman pulls away the traveling rug that covers thei legs and waists. The woman's legs are bare, the older man feet splayed, apparently broken at the ankles. The woman' skirt has ridden up around her waist, and her left hand h the window strap. As the older man turns to the woman, one hand searching f her, he slips sideways off the seat, his ankles kicking a the clutter of leather valises and broken glass. The traffic stream moves on. James eases the car forwards Vaughan raises the camera to his eye, lowering it from si when an ambulance attendant tries to knock it from his ha The pedestrian bridge passes overhead. Half out of the ca Vaughan peers at the scores of legs pressed against the m railings, then opens the door and dives out.
63) 0) text: As James pulls the Lincoln on to the verge, Vaughan runs  back to the pedestrian bridge, darting in and out of the  cars. James and Catherine get out of the car. As James closes the door, he notices that the blood of on of the accident victims has somehow been splashed on to t door handle, and that some of it is now on his hand. He finds a section of newspaper at the side of the road a wipes the blood off his hand. When he looks up, he realiz that Catherine has followed Vaughan back to the accident  site.
64) 0) text: James walks back alone, eventually spotting them among th throng of spectators, Catherine watching Vaughan's scarre face intently, provocatively, as he photographs every asp of the accident. There is a calmly festive and pervasive sexuality in the among the onlookers, and even a congregational feeling as one group of engineers works on the crushed sports sedan, prying at the metal roof which has been flattened on to t heads of the occupants. And now Vaughan poses an only slightly reluctant Catherin against the backdrop of the stricken taxi as though she w one of the shaken survivors of the accident. When the roof of the sports sedan is levered up, the hair the driver, its only passenger, comes off with it as thou scalped, stuck to the roofliner with drying blood. But it soon apparent that it's not hair, but rather a cheap, tan platinum blond wig. Vaughan makes his way over to the sedan, intrigued by the dangling 'scalp', which is almost phosphorescent in the r rescue work lights. Catherine trails obediently behind hi like a harshly disciplined puppy. When the body of the driver is exposed to the lights, the effect is doubly grotesque, for not only is the driver de and partially crushed, but he is also a cross-dresser:  Seagrave, in Jayne Mansfield drag. His long, greasy hair tied up in a knot on his head, he is unshaven, his huge,  fake bosom is bloody and askew; his bloated, muscular bod strains against the pink 60s skirt and jacket, the blue s boots with high heels. There is also a dead Chihuahua bitch inside the car with  Seagrave, which Vaughan manages to move with his foot unt a cop, outraged, shoos him away. The dog is stiff with ri mortis, obviously dead long before the crash. An excited Vaughan has spotted James and now approaches h breathless.
64) 1) dialog: It's Seagrave. He was worried that  we would never do Jayne Mansfield's  crash, now that the police were  cracking down. So he did it himself.
64) 2) text: Vaughan turns back to look at the wreck again, almost  reverent. This is Seagrave's own solitary work of art.
64) 3) dialog: (shakes his head) The dog -- God, the dog is brilliant,  perfect. I wonder where he got it?
64) 4) text: Now Vaughan turns to James, his face flushed, incandescen with joy.
64) 5) dialog: Come with me, James. I have to  document it.
64) 6) text: Vaughan lopes off toward the Seagrave wreck. But James hangs back, watching, as the passengers from th taxi are carried on stretchers to an ambulance. The dead  chauffeur of the limousine lies with a blanket over his f while a doctor and two ambulance men climb into the rear  compartment. Beyond them, Vaughan begins to snap away at every possibl aspect of Seagrave's wreck, beginning with the dead Chihu
65) 0) text: Some time later, as the crowd disperses and the traffic b to flow normally, James kneels beside the Lincoln and sho Vaughan the blood on his door. Catherine sits in the back seat.
65) 2) text: Vaughan kneels beside him and inspects the smears of bloo
65) 3) dialog: You're right, Ballard. There's an  all-night car-wash in the airport  service area.
65) 4) text: Vaughan rises and holds the door open for James, who sits behind the wheel, expecting Vaughan to walk around the ca and sit beside him. Instead, Vaughan pulls open the rear  door and climbs in beside Catherine. As they set off, Vaughan's camera lands on the front seat
66) 0) text: As they drive, James watches Catherine in the rear-view  mirror. She sits in the center of the back seat, elbows  forward on her knees, looking over his shoulder at the  speeding lights of the expressway. At the first traffic l she smiles at James reassuringly. Vaughan sits like a bored gangster beside her, his left k leaning against her thigh. One hand rubs his groin absent mindedly. He stares at the nape of her neck, running his  eyes along the profiles of her cheek and shoulder.
68) 0) text: The car ahead advances a few yards, its brake-lights  illuminating the interior of the Lincoln, covering the tr with a pink sheen. Through the rear-view mirror James see that Catherine is leaning against the back seat, her shou pressed tightly into Vaughan's. Her eyes are fixed on  Vaughan's chest, on the scars around his injured nipples, shining like points of light. James edges the Lincoln forward a few feet. When he turns around, he sees that Vaughan is holding in his cupped rig hand his wife's bare breast. James fumbles for change as Vaughan caresses Catherine's  nipple in the back seat. Catherine looks down at this bre with rapt eyes, as if seeing it for the first time, fasci by its unique geometry.
70) 0) text: Within their blue grotto, Vaughan lies diagonally across back seat. Catherine kneels across him, skirt rolled arou her waist. The light refracted through the soap solution  jetting across the windows covers their bodies with a  luminescent glow, like two semi-metallic human beings of future making love in a chromium bower. The gantry engine begins to drum. The rollers pound acros the hood of the Lincoln and roar forward to the windshiel driving the soap solution into a whirlwind of froth. Cath settles over Vaughan, and as the rollers drum against the roof and doors, Vaughan drives his pelvis upwards, almost lifting his buttocks off the seat. In the mounting roar of the rollers, she and Vaughan rock together, Vaughan holding her breasts together with his p as if trying to force them into a single globe. When his  hands move away to her buttocks, James can see that her  breasts have been bruised by Vaughan's fingers, the marks forming a pattern like crash injuries. At just this moment, Catherine looks into James's eyes in instant of complete lucidity. Her expression shows both i and affection, an acceptance of a sexual logic they both  recognize and have prepared themselves for. James sits quietly in the front seat as the white soap sl across the roof and doors like liquid lace. Catherine cri out, a gasp of pain cut off by Vaughan's strong hand acro her mouth. He sits back with her legs across his hips,  slapping her with his free hand. His sweaty face is clamp in an expression of anger and distress. The blows raise  blunted weals on Catherine's arm and hips.
72) 0) text: The street-lamps illuminate Vaughan's sleeping face in th rear of the car, scarred mouth lying open like a child's  against the sweat-soaked seat. Catherine sits forward, freeing herself from Vaughan. She touches James's shoulder in a gesture of domestic affecti In the mirror, James can see the weals on her cheek and n the bruised mouth that deforms her nervous smile.
73) 0) text: The Lincoln pulls up at the Ballards' apartment building. James and Catherine get out and stand in the darkness bes the now-immaculate black car. Vaughan is still asleep in back. James takes Catherine's arm to steady her, holding bag in his hand. As they walk toward the entrance, Vaughan gets up and cli unsteadily behind the steering wheel. Without looking bac at James and Catherine, he starts the engine and quietly  drives off.
75) 0) text: That night, James kneels over Catherine as she lies diago across the bed, her small feet resting on his pillow, one hand over her right breast. She watches him with a calm and affectionate gaze as he  explores her body and bruises, feeling them gently with h fingers, lips and cheeks, tracing and interpreting the ra symbols that Vaughan's hands and mouth have left across h skin.
79) 0) text: We are close on Vaughan's scarred mouth.
79) 1) dialog: I need to see you, Ballard. I need  to talk to you about the project.
81) 0) text: James enters to discover Vaughan getting a wound tattoo o his abdomen, one that looks as though it could have been  made by the fluted lower edge of a plastic steering wheel The woman giving Vaughan the tattoo is sexless and  professional. She could be a nurse or a hospital dieticia James sits next to them, barely acknowledged by the woman Vaughan has messy papers spread out in front of him that  include stylized sketches of famous crash wounds, photos Andy Warhol's scars, automotive styling-detail drawings f a 50s Detroit design studio.
81) 1) dialog: (to tattooist) You're making it too clean.
81) 3) dialog: This isn't a medical tattoo. This is  a prophetic tattoo. Prophesy is dirty  and ragged. Make it dirty and ragged.
81) 5) dialog: There's no difference. James -- I  want you to let her give you this  one.
81) 6) text: Vaughan spreads out a stained scrap of paper as though it were a sacred piece of parchment. On it is a fiercely ske wound that looks as though it were made by the Lincoln's  hood ornament.
81) 8) text: Vaughan spreads his legs in a mechanical, unsexual way an grabs the right inner thigh of his greasy jeans.
81) 9) dialog: It should go here.
82) 0) text: We are close on the fresh tattoo on James's inner thigh. looks more like a cartoon version of a wound than a real  wound. We can see it because James's trousers are down ar his knees. Vaughan's face comes into frame. He gently kisses the tat James lifts Vaughan's face to his own and kisses his mout touches his tongue to each of the scars around Vaughan's  mouth.
84) 0) text: James and Vaughan show their wounds to each other, exposi the scars on their chests and hands to the beckoning inju sites on the interior of the car, to the pointed sills of the chromium ashtrays, to the curtain of wheel covers han on a web of twisted wire just outside the car window. They touch, embrace, kiss.
85) 0) text: James steps unsteadily from the Lincoln into the roadway, followed for an instant by Vaughan's uncertain arm reachi for him. He moves away from the car, along the palisade to the  overgrown entrance of the wrecker's yard. Above him, the  cars on the motorway move like motorized wrecks.
86) 0) text: Just outside the fence of the auto-wrecker's yard, a wrec its engine and wheels removed, sits on its axles. James o the door on its rusting hinges. A confetti of fragmented  glass covers the front passenger seat. James gets in and sits there for a moment, crouched over mudstreaked instrument panel, his knees tightened against his chest wall. A moment or two of this strangely comfort foetal security, and then James unfolds and begins to get back out of the car. An engine starts with a roar. As James steps back into th roadway he is briefly aware of a heavy black vehicle  accelerating toward him from the shadow of the overpass w he and Vaughan embraced together. Its white-walled tires  tear through the broken beer bottles and cigarette packs the gutter, mount the narrow curb and hurtle on toward hi Knowing that Vaughan will not stop, will kill him, James  presses himself against the concrete wall. The Lincoln sw after him, its right-hand fender striking the rear wheel  housing of the car James has just left. It swings away,  ripping the open passenger door from its hinges. A column of exploding dust and torn newspaper rises into air as it slides sideways across the access road. The Lin remounts the curb on the far side of the road, crushing a ten-yard section of the wooden palisade. James can see Vaughan flicking a look back, his hard eyes calculating whether or not he can make a second pass at h The rear wheels regain their traction on the road surface and the car swings away on to the motorway above. James leans against the roof of the abandoned car. The  passenger door has been crushed into the front fender, th deformed metal welded together by the impact. James retches suddenly and emptily. Shreds of torn paper eddy through the air around him, pas themselves at various points against the crushed door pan and radiator hood.
93) 0) text: Vaughan is waiting for them at the airport flyover. He ma no attempt to hide himself, pushing his heavy car into th passing traffic stream. Apparently uninterested in them, Vaughan lies against his door sill, almost asleep at the wheel as he surges forwar when the lights change. His left hand drums across the ri of the steering wheel as he swerves the Lincoln to and fr across the road surface. His face is fixed in a rigid mask as he cuts in and out o the traffic lanes, surging ahead in the fast lane until h is abreast of them and then sliding back behind them, all other cars to cut between them and then taking up a watch position in the slow lane. James can see that Vaughan's car has become even more bat than it was before, scarred with many impact points, a re window broken, cracked headlamps, a body panel detached f the off-side rear wheel housing, the front bumper hanging from the chassis pinion, its rusting lower curvature touc the ground as Vaughan corners. When they slow down for a line of tankers, Vaughan makes move. He pulls up beside them and then cuts viciously acr three lanes of traffic to hit them broadside. The nose of the Lincoln just nicks the tail of the light sports car,  which spins down the road. The Lincoln keeps on going, its vast momentum taking it i the guard rails of the exit ramp, and then over them. Catherine and James slam spinning into the tail of a tank which has all but stopped. The traffic behind them has al been slowing and thus easily avoids hitting the sports ca when it comes bouncing to a halt across two traffic lanes Catherine lies back, sprawled in her seat, eyes wide and  staring with fright, body rigid, bleeding from a small cu on her cheekbone. James jumps out of the car, then immedi slows with a limp. He continues, working his way doggedly through the motionless cars to the edge of the ramp. When he looks over the edge, James sees that Vaughan's Li has plunged into the top of an airline coach which was ru on the roadway below. With the Lincoln now inside it, the coach then slewed sideways and crashed into several other vehicles. Wreckage, flames and blood are everywhere. James's eyes are wide: not with horror, but with exciteme
94) 0) text: Catherine and James stand at the gatehouse of the police  pound, collecting the gate key from the mustachioed, shar eyed young officer there. They then walk down the lines of seized and abandoned  vehicles. The pound is in darkness, lit only by the stree lights reflected in the dented chromium. They soon find Vaughan's crashed Lincoln, massive and  charismatic even here, even in death. James manages to wr open the passenger-side rear door enough to allow them bo to get inside.
96) 0) text: Afterwards, they walk among the cars. The beams of small  headlamps cut across their knees. An open car has stopped beside the gatehouse. Two women sit behind the windshield peering into the darkness. A pause, and then the car moves forward, its driver turni the wheel until the headlamps illuminate the remains of t dismembered vehicle in which Vaughan died. The woman in the passenger seat steps out and pauses brie by the gates. It is Helen Remington. When she helps the d out of the car, James and Catherine see that it is the  crippled Gabrielle, her leg shackles clacking as she and  Helen begin to walk toward Vaughan's car. They stroll haltingly, arms around each other, like stran lovers in a cemetery visiting a favorite mausoleum. At on point, Helen kisses Gabrielle's hand, and it is obvious t they have become lovers. James and Catherine circle away from the couple and make  their way back to the gatehouse. In the depths of the pound, Helen helps Gabrielle into th Lincoln. In the darkness of the back seat, they embrace.
98) 0) text: We are close on the huge, battle-scarred grill of Vaughan Lincoln, now brought back to swaying, bellowing life. The restoration of the Lincoln is as Vaughan would have w it: just enough to get it running and nothing more, with  ugly brown primer slapped on to the replaced panels, and  whatever was cracked, scraped and crumpled still cracked, scraped and crumpled -- a mobile accident rolling on badl misaligned wheels.
99) 0) text: We pull back to see James alone in the car. The road is  crowded and manic; James is intense, hard, exhilarated, a a hunter. The car is full of junk, pop cans, styrofoam  containers, all suggesting that he has basically been liv in the car for some time. James is searching for something among the lanes of traff threading the immense car in and out of the shifting hole that appear and disappear, driving with a fluid recklessn that is recognizably Vaughan's style. Suddenly, James becomes tense, focused: he has spotted wh he has been looking for.