36) 0) text: We are looking at the words 'Little Bastard' written in b script on silver metal, enamel on unpainted aluminum. We  pull back to reveal the entire metal object, which is a 1 Porsche 550 Spyder race car. It is small and curvaceous, is being fussed over by several men in overalls. The numb '130' is painted on its hood and doors. The Porsche sits on a country road, two-lane blacktop, he wooded, lit by a series of movie lights. On the hills lin the road a few rough wooden stands have been erected. A blond man -- Vaughan -- stands near the rear of the Por a microphone in his hand. His voice floats eerily out of woods from speakers mounted on a series of pine trees.
38) 4) text: At this point Vaughan, who is dressed in light-blue cotto 1950s mechanics' overalls, sees James and Helen in the th crowd and waves to them, as though they were long-standin aficionados of crash spectacles. He doesn't wait to see i they react, but immediately steps into the passenger side the Porsche, microphone still in hand.
46) 0) text: The Seagrave apartment is dirty and depressing, featuring cheap, cigarette-scarred leatherette furniture. James watches Helen and Vaughan steer Seagrave into the l room, where two people sit on a couch watching television with the sound turned off: Gabrielle, a sharp-faced young woman who is rolling a hash joint; and Seagrave's wife, V a handsome, restless woman of about thirty. Vera stands as they come in and rushes over to the shaky  Seagrave.
46) 1) dialog: Oh, God. What happened? Here, lie  down.
46) 2) text: Vera and Helen lay the confused Seagrave down on the thre seat sofa, while Vaughan sits next to Gabrielle and helps her prepare another hash joint. James, awkwardly left  standing, notices long scars on Vera's thighs and legs.
46) 4) dialog: Ah, well... We're familiar enough  with that, then, aren't we?
46) 9) text: James turns to go, leaving Helen to her conversation with Vera, but Vaughan follows him through the door, holding h arm in a powerful grip.
91) 0) text: They drive past stretches of road we have seen before: th underpass near the wrecker's yard, several accident sites and filling stations, etc.
92) 0) text: One of the filling stations is near the airport. As they  cruise by it, they spot Vera Seagrave talking to a girl  attendant at the pumps. James turns into the forecourt. Vera is dressed in a heav insulated leather jacket, as though she were about to lea on an Antarctic expedition. James calls to her from the car.
92) 2) text: At first she fails to recognize him. Her firm eyes cut ac him to Catherine's elegant figure, as if suspicious of he cross-legged posture. James gets out of the car and approaches Vera. He points the suitcases in the rear seat of Vera's car.
92) 4) text: Vera finishes with the girl and, still staring at Catheri steps into her car.
92) 5) dialog: The police are after him. An American  serviceman was killed on the Northolt  overpass.
92) 7) dialog: I was with him in the car at the  time.
93) 0) text: Vaughan is waiting for them at the airport flyover. He ma no attempt to hide himself, pushing his heavy car into th passing traffic stream. Apparently uninterested in them, Vaughan lies against his door sill, almost asleep at the wheel as he surges forwar when the lights change. His left hand drums across the ri of the steering wheel as he swerves the Lincoln to and fr across the road surface. His face is fixed in a rigid mask as he cuts in and out o the traffic lanes, surging ahead in the fast lane until h is abreast of them and then sliding back behind them, all other cars to cut between them and then taking up a watch position in the slow lane. James can see that Vaughan's car has become even more bat than it was before, scarred with many impact points, a re window broken, cracked headlamps, a body panel detached f the off-side rear wheel housing, the front bumper hanging from the chassis pinion, its rusting lower curvature touc the ground as Vaughan corners. When they slow down for a line of tankers, Vaughan makes move. He pulls up beside them and then cuts viciously acr three lanes of traffic to hit them broadside. The nose of the Lincoln just nicks the tail of the light sports car,  which spins down the road. The Lincoln keeps on going, its vast momentum taking it i the guard rails of the exit ramp, and then over them. Catherine and James slam spinning into the tail of a tank which has all but stopped. The traffic behind them has al been slowing and thus easily avoids hitting the sports ca when it comes bouncing to a halt across two traffic lanes Catherine lies back, sprawled in her seat, eyes wide and  staring with fright, body rigid, bleeding from a small cu on her cheekbone. James jumps out of the car, then immedi slows with a limp. He continues, working his way doggedly through the motionless cars to the edge of the ramp. When he looks over the edge, James sees that Vaughan's Li has plunged into the top of an airline coach which was ru on the roadway below. With the Lincoln now inside it, the coach then slewed sideways and crashed into several other vehicles. Wreckage, flames and blood are everywhere. James's eyes are wide: not with horror, but with exciteme