0) 410) text: McCloy, Jon Chaddick, CEO Biocyte Pharmaceuticals..D.O.B.  September 30, 1952, Manchester, England.
0) 416) text: Ethan, have a look at this. On Ethan's screen appears the Biocyte website; where amon various icons one offer McCloy's proud detailing of Biocy philanthropic efforts:
0) 516) text: and from his point of view it can be seen that Ambrose is with John McCloy, the head Biocyte.  Ambrose takes an env out of his inner left jacket pocket and from it pulls out plastic container marked 'S.G.' (Identical to the object seen in Nekhorvich's satchel at airport security.)  He op and removes a small shiny object about the size of a quar turns to the window and gestures.  Stamp enters the bar.
0) 650) text: Bellerophon attacking Chimera.. On an adjacent screen is a frozen frame of McCloy looking the digital camera at the racetrack.
0) 661) dialog: George.  George.  George. The drover doesn't turn around.  McCloy can't believe it. bangs on chauffeur window.  The driver turns on the air conditioning in the rear of the limo.  McCloy clutches hi and passes out.
0) 663) dialog: Bloody room..just..shut your eyes, shut your eyes. He can't resist.  Opens them to look up thru the plastic
0) 667) dialog: What's happening here?  You're dead!
0) 669) dialog: (confused)
0) 688) dialog: How could I possibly be infected? Nekhorvich shrugs.
0) 691) dialog: You have Bellerophon.
0) 694) dialog: You took it!  All of it!  And what if I need it?
0) 697) dialog: Oh, please!  How was I to know they had to be treated with Bellerophon within twenty hours?
0) 699) dialog: You still don't get it, do you?  You want to make an omelet, you break a few eggs - I needed to know just how bad the disease was - in the real world, not the lab.  And you never know til you try.  You thought you were genetically splicing together strains of influenza to create a  cure for all influenzas.  But I saw you creating a disease so terrible in Chimera that the cure would be priceless.
0) 701) dialog: Well, the thought had occurred to me.  I needed Chimera in order to peddle Bellerophon.  For hero to be appreciated, you need a monster. Now that's not so difficult to understand, is it?  Look, time was a shot of penicillin could knock off every bloody bug in the zoo!  Not anymore!..have you any idea the R&D money it takes to float one little pissy boutique antibiotic that's barely effective against one strain of one bacterium?  If I couldn't makes  money killing the microscopic little shits that are out there, you'd help me put one out there I can make on!..there it is.  I've confessed.  I, John C. McCloy, am in business to make money.  Lilly's making billions feeding Prozac to depressed dogs.  Pfizer doesn't even know where to put the money they're making on Viagra, and let me tell you that shit didn't do a thing for me even at twice the recommended dose, Jesus, who do I have to screw to get a a break!..now get me out of here, get me treated and let's go back to work!..
0) 713) text: So Ambrose has Bellerophon and McCloy's got Chimera.
0) 723) dialog: wakes with a start.  The window's lowered -- Billy's in l
0) 725) dialog: - where's George.  My regular driver. Where is he?
0) 999) dialog: Well, then.  You've got both the virus and the anti-virus, Chimera and Bellerophen. Which means I've thirty million for you Ambrose doesn't respond. MCCLOY (cont'd)
0) 1005) dialog: Then what do you want? Ambrose picks up a mobile phone and dials.
0) 1007) text: - cut her loose..right in the center of town..the more crowded the better.. (punching off, to McCloy)
0) 1021) dialog: Bellerophen?  No time at all once I've got it.
0) 1023) dialog: (alarmed)
0) 1026) dialog: Where?
0) 1028) text: You create the supply, Mr. McCloy, we've just created the demand.  Three million                 people in Sydney and 17 million people in Australia are going to need Bellerophen within a matter of days..not to mention the rest of the world..
0) 1037) dialog: Outrageous.  I won't let you take control of my company.
0) 1047) dialog: Yes, start the transfer. The accountant begins working on his laptop.
0) 1067) dialog: (apprehensive)
0) 1079) dialog: (anxiety mounting)
0) 1080) text: What do you intend to do? Ambrose favors McCloy with a glance of genial exacerbatio
0) 1087) text: No?  Well, then.  This is what's known as getting your gun off. With that Ambrose empties thirty four rounds from the two Berettas into Ethan whose body jerks crazily on the floor McCloy nearly faints, and Ambrose laughs at his squeamish until something on Ethan's body catches his eye: the top little finger on the right hand is bleeding.  Ambrose gra Ethan's face, and rips off a latex mask: revealing Stamp, wide open and thoroughly lifeless.  His jaw, under the ma been taped carefully close with the same heavy tape Ethan used to mount the drain-pipe shotgun on the tunnel wall. AMBROSE (cont'd)