3) 10) dialog: Jack! That’s enough of that! BERTHA, Desmond’s mother, stands behind them. She’s a sma woman but fierce in her own way. Tom looks at her with defiance but he lets Desmond go, and the boy falls to the ground like a sack of potatoes.
3) 12) dialog: Beating on him doesn’t teach him any different. Tom waves his hand in half-hearted acquiescence.
4) 2) dialog: Murder is the worst sin of all. We’re all brothers and to take another man’s life is the most grievous thing there is in the Lord's sight. Nothing hurts His heart so much.
5) 0) text: Bertha kneels on an old worn sofa with Desmond and Mark standing beside her. They are both looking at a framed illustration of the Ten Commandments hanging on the wall. Bertha turns and pulls Desmond down into her lap but his rimmed eyes never leave the print.
5) 2) dialog: Oh, he was mad, I suppose. Or he wanted what his brother had. It doesn’t matter why - it’s always wrong. Mark is silent, but Desmond is transfixed, unable to stop staring at that gruesome primal scene of the first murder
8) 2) dialog: Commandments. Are you sorry?
8) 4) dialog: Tell Desmond.
8) 7) dialog: Okay, you can go. Bertha stands for a moment wondering why she hasn’t heard response from Desmond. BERTHA (cont'd) Desmond? (beat) Des? She moves into the living room, and finds her youngest so now standing, staring straight at the picture. 3.4.13 7. BERTHA (cont'd) Desmond?... FROM THE POV OF THE PICTURE, we see Desmond’s stare, his entire soul fixed on it. He’s staring at CAIN, A LOOK OF HORROR ON HIS FACE at wha he’s done. There are tears in Desmond’s eyes. And BERTHA realizes with a certainty what she has always suspected: Desmond feels things in a unique way.
11) 4) dialog: You hungry, Tom? Tom just glares at her and makes his way slowly toward th stairs.
12) 0) text: Desmond and Bertha sit, eating a cold supper. She hasn’t touched hers. Desmond silently reaches over and holds her hand. Desmond’s brother Mark strolls in the back door. He kisse his mother and nudges Desmond's shoulder, sitting at the table. BERTHA (cont'd) I was wondering if you were gonna make it to dinner.
12) 2) dialog: Your daddy won’t like that.
12) 5) dialog: Goodness. Does she know?
24) 0) text: Bertha sits crying, alone in the living room. She’s holdi something in her hands: pictures of her sons, Mark and Desmond. Her tears fall on the glass of the frames. Through the front windows she sees the back of her husban he sits on the porch, sullen, drinking. She’s all alone.
88) 0) text: Bertha sits on the front step, SOBBING, one hand to her bloodied face. Eight year old Desmond huddles beside her, protectively, one arm around her shoulder. In the yard, Tom argues violently with Bertha’s brother, UNCLE ARTHUR. Both men are drunk and angry. 3.4.13 78.
88) 5) dialog: TOM! DON’T! With no thought for her own safety, Bertha throws herself between the two men. Desmond watches from the porch, an eight-year-old boy, fr with fear.
88) 7) dialog: Give me that gun, Tom. Please. Give it here, before somebody gets hurt. Tom hesitates. In the distance, there is the SOUND of an approaching Police Siren. BERTHA (cont'd) You kill him, and they’1l hang you for sure. You know they will. Tom’s courage deserts him and he hands the gun over to Bertha. 3.4.13 79. BERTHA (cont'd) Desmond! You take this and get rid of it somewhere. Throw it in the river! Desmond runs over and takes the gun from Bertha. BERTHA (cont'd) Go on, now! Hurry before the police get here! Desmond takes off running.
90) 0) text: Desmond returns back to the house just as the POLICE load handcuffed father into a police car in front of gawking neighbors. Bertha is weeping, hugging Tom, but he ignores her. Over shoulder, Tom can see Desmond, watching his father’s publ shame - and he glares maliciously at his son.
91) 0) text: Bertha stands outside the bathroom door. From inside, the are the SOUNDS of sharp blows. 3.4.13 80.
91) 1) dialog: Tom! Please. Stop it!
92) 1) dialog: Tom, you’re gonna kill the boy!
94) 0) text: Desmond enters his house and moves up the stairs. He stop on the landing. From his parents’ room he can hear their voices. Desmond pushes open the door to... INT. DOSS HOUSE - PARENTS’ BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS His mother sits at her vanity table, brushing her hair. T paces back and forth behind Bertha, berating her.