0) 0) dialog: 
36) 0) text: Colonel Stelzer is now seated behind his desk. Captain Glover stands at attention.
51) 0) text: Desmond’s lawyer, CAPTAIN DANIELS, is a nervous young man with a mustache so meagre it seems painted on.
51) 1) dialog: Private, outbursts like last night don’t help. 3.4.13 42. Desmond shrugs, sunk in misery. CAPTAIN DANIELS (cont’d) There is some good news. They’ve indicated if you plead guilty, the Army will give you a dishonorable discharge, and you can go home. How’s that sound?
51) 3) dialog: Look, Doss, Military Justice is a whole different animal. We’re at war! The needs of a Conscientious Objector are hardly a priority. Take the deal and be grateful. INT. DESMOND’S CELL - DAY Desmond sits on his cot, reading Dorothy’s Bible. The doo opens and to Desmond’s surprise, Captain Glover enters. Desmond stands and salutes. Glover ignores his salute.
51) 13) text: A GUARD unlocks the door. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) Your hearing is tomorrow morning. If I can’t change your mind, maybe she can. Glover leaves. Desmond rises, afraid to hope, but it’s tr Dorothy enters the cell. Desmond and Dorothy eye each oth unsure of how the other will react. Dorothy moves into hi arms.
55) 0) text: A conference room has been hastily transformed into a courtroom. The JUDGE, a JAG Officer, sits at the far end behind a table on a raised dais. Desmond sits at a table with his lawyer, Captain Daniels. The Prosecutor sits at nearby table next to Colonel Cunningham and Captain Glove Cunningham looks very pleased. Glover, on the other hand, oddly subdued. MP’s flank the doors. There are a handful chairs in the back - empty. Desmond looks around in vain Dorothy, but she is not there. Nobody is there for him.
55) 2) dialog: May it please the court, Private Doss is prepared to enter a Guilty plea.
55) 6) dialog: Doss, what the hell are you--
55) 16) dialog: Your Honor! I have a letter here! From Washington! The Judge beckons and Daniels hands him the letter. The Judge reads it. He glances up at Desmond.
65) 0) text: Captain Glover has set up his Command Post with the plato critical communication gear in a hole between two huge ro on the lower side of the hill. In front, charred logs hav been piled up and covered with dirt for extra protection. Twenty yards behind the CP and dug in behind another pile rocks is the MEDICAL RECEIVING STATION, the first stop in chain of medical care for evacuated casualties.
66) 0) text: Captain Glover has the NCOs, Squad Leaders, and Medics gathered around while he goes over the plan of battle.
66) 2) text: CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont'd) The two companies will then link up on top and establish a new defensive perimeter which we will hold at all costs. Glover hesitates. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) We need Okinawa as a staging area for the invasion of Japan but the entire movement of the Army has been held up, right here. Our Navy is stuck off the coast getting hit by Kamikaze attacks and losing a ship and a half a day. Hacksaw Ridge is the key to their defences. We take Hacksaw, we get Okinawa. We get Okinawa, we take Japan. So the sooner we get this done, the sooner we can all go home. Questions? The men are silent. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) OK. See you on top. Everyone start to leave. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) Doss. Desmond returns. Glover waits until they are alone. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) That damn ridge has cost us so many Americans we don’t even have an accurate count yet. When we attack, the only hope any man has of surviving is to kill every Jap he sees without hesitation. Whatever nonsense you believe, you keep it to yourself--and do your job. You understand me?
67) 0) text: The men wait nervously in their positions, checking their weapons and ammunitions. Some men have short six foot LADDERS and heavy CLIMBING ROPES with GRAPPLING HOOKS. 3.4.13 61. Over their heads, U.S. mortars and artillery shells arc i and explode on top of the Ridge. As medics, Desmond and Schecter wait the standard 10-15 f behind the men. They will follow the attack from this position so they can better see when someone goes down. Schecter goes over his supplies obsessively. Desmond closes his eyes and says a silent prayer. Several the other men notice. Desmond whispers “Amen” and takes h New Testament from his pocket, running his fingers over i cover. Suddenly, the artillery barrage stops. Desmond opens his eyes and nervously tucks his Bible away in his breast poc Captain Glover looks at his watch. It’s time. He hand signals the “go ahead” to his squad leaders.
70) 0) text: The edge here is maybe fifteen feet wide and two to six f deep. Dotted with boulders and stumps of shattered trees, rises up towards the plateau in a small BERM. This tiny protected area is all the shelter the plateau offers. Captain Glover and the rest of the men are huddled behind berm, peering cautiously over the edge. Desmond reaches them just as Glover gives the signal to m forward across the berm and onto...
80) 0) text: Careful to stay below the berm, they crawl on their hands knees and spread out along the edge of the cliff in good order. Desmond watches as Captain Glover quietly signals over th radio to the mortar teams below. Almost immediately, the Mortar barrage stops. That’s the signal for Company B to attack. As one, the me throw grenades over the berm and then rise up and begin a concentrated FIRE across the plateau. Smitty focuses his BAR on the MAIN BUNKER while... The DEMO MAN crawls out onto the plateau, beneath the bul of his own men, carrying a twenty pound satchel charge of dynamite. When he is within ten feet of the Main Bunker, pulls the fuse and throws his satchel on top of the bunke There is a tremendous EXPLOSION, blowing a hole in the Bu roof. As the men are waiting for the dust to clear-- A SNIPER SHOT hits Schecter in the leg. He yells once and falls. Immediately, Desmond kneels beside him.
83) 0) text: Captain Glover is on the radio with his superior officer, Lt. Colonel Cooney, at First Battalion HQ.
86) 0) text: Captain Glover’s primitive map diagram reflects the day’s success and tomorrow’s objective.
98) 0) text: The entire area is engulfed in flame and weapons fire. Al over the killing field, individual fights and deaths are playing out as the sun begins to peek over the horizon, casting a dull red glow over ground running with blood. Among it all, we find Captain Glover and his RADIO OPERAT Glover tries to assert command and save what’s left of hi rapidly collapsing company.
105) 3) text: The two men hurriedly unhook the wounded soldier and the disappears back up the cliff. Two additional Stretcher Bearers come running up with a litter. Behind them is Captain Glover.
123) 0) text: Glover, Hollywood, Chief, Tex and dozens of soldiers from other companies watch silently as Desmond lowers one last down from Hacksaw Ridge...but this one is already dead... We see this last man’s face...it’s Smitty. As the body slowly descends, we realize Desmond’s last act was to retrieve Smitty’s body. And with that, Desmond finally leaves Hacksaw Ridge. Slow painfully, he climbs down the rope alone. When Desmond reaches the bottom, he fights not to collaps into the arms of the men waiting at the base of the cliff His uniform is completely soaked with blood and mud, and flies swarm around him but he’s too tired to bat them awa with his torn and bleeding hands. The men stare at him li he’s a ghost as Desmond glances down at his uniform, straining to move his head to look up again. Captain Glover is one of them.
126) 0) text: Desmond sits behind the shelter of a stone Okinawan tomb, reading his Bible when to his surprise Captain Glover appears. Glover squats down beside Desmond; looks out ove the countryside as the first sliver of sunlight illuminat the landscape.
131) 0) text: Captain Glover sees Desmond coming, rejoining the line.
132) 0) text: Above them, the bombardment suddenly stops. The SILENCE i deafening. Every man left in Company B - including Desmon is ready. On their faces, each and every one, is a fierce look of quiet determination. Captain Glover looks to Desmond. Desmond nods.
138) 1) text: A MAN in unbelievably filthy fatigues is standing beside bed, looking at him. Desmond manages to get his eyes to FOCUS and the man gradually swims into view - Captain Glo 3.4.13 103.