0) 0) dialog: 
30) 3) dialog: What exactly is the problem? Desmond responds respectfully, but we can sense he’s repeating himself.
30) 7) dialog: What you’re saying’s not possible, Private. Do you know why that is not possible?
30) 9) dialog: Because the United States Army does not make mistakes. Therefore, if there is a problem here, you must be that problem and I don’t want any damn problems in my Company.
30) 12) dialog: You're a “Conscientious Objector?”
30) 14) dialog: Are you screwing with me, Doss?
30) 16) dialog: You don’t kill, is all. Any other requirements? Anything else we can do to ensure that you have a comfortable stay here in the Army? 3.4.13
30) 18) dialog: Well, just so we’re clear, Doss, let me tell you my requirements. They're not as complicated as yours, in fact, they’re really very simple. As long as you’re part of this Company, you will obey my orders. Period. If you won’t do it here, I can’t trust you’1l do it in battle. I’m putting you in for a Section Eight, Psychiatric Discharge. Dismissed!
36) 0) text: Colonel Stelzer is now seated behind his desk. Captain Glover stands at attention.
36) 2) dialog: And if I choose to appeal your decision, sir?
37) 1) dialog: We're stuck with Doss...unless he requests a transfer. From now on he’s restricted to Barracks and KP. No leave.
46) 9) dialog: I can hardly leave you in the barracks; you might have another attack of falling sickness.
46) 11) dialog: The men don’t want you, Doss, they hate your guts! 37. 3.4.13 38.
46) 13) dialog: If you’re accusing your Drill Instructor of... Desmond considers them coolly.
46) 16) dialog: He passed his Section 8; I’ve brought every pressure to bear that I can and he just won't quit.
46) 18) dialog: For what? Doss is a pain in the ass but he always toes the line.
46) 20) dialog: He told one of the guys he’s getting married this weekend, when he’s on furlough. Cunningham sees where this is going--and likes it. 3.4.13 39. INT. COLONEL CUNNINGHAM’S OFFICE - DAY - ONE WEEK LATER Cunningham sits at his desk, Sgt. Howell standing beside A line of men stretches through the office as each member Company B applies for, and gets, his long awaited “Two We Furlough.” Bored, Cunningham glances at each man’s papers and routinely stamps them. Until Desmond reaches the desk
51) 0) text: Desmond’s lawyer, CAPTAIN DANIELS, is a nervous young man with a mustache so meagre it seems painted on.
51) 4) dialog: Sit down. Desmond sits, uncertain. Glover looks out the window at t parade ground, at the men training outside. He sees Desmond's Bible; picks it up. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) This your Bible?
51) 6) dialog: You probably think I’m a real son of a bitch who cares more about regulations then he does about his men.
51) 8) dialog: Did I give you permission to speak? (beat) The U.S. Army didn’t always arm its medics. Did you know that? The Geneva Convention expressly allows Medics to be armed and to use their weapons in defense but some nice fellow at the Pentagon decided, like you, that he knew better. But after we invaded Attu last year, a thousand Japs armed with rifles and home-made spears launched a banzai attack in the middle of the night directly on the hospital tents where the medics and their wounded lay sleeping. Our boys fought back as best they could with whatever they could find but hundreds died. Captain Glover looks at Doss. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) I don’t give a rat’s ass about your principals because the Japs don’t. One of them comes at you and some wounded soldier what are you gonna fight him with, Doss? Your New Testament?
51) 10) dialog: You don’t win wars, Doss, by giving up your life! You win wars by taking them. (beat) Plead guilty and I will see that you receive an Honorable Discharge. There’s no shame in that. Go home and pray, and let the soldiers go over there and fight.
51) 12) dialog: Guard! 43.
51) 13) text: A GUARD unlocks the door. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) Your hearing is tomorrow morning. If I can’t change your mind, maybe she can. Glover leaves. Desmond rises, afraid to hope, but it’s tr Dorothy enters the cell. Desmond and Dorothy eye each oth unsure of how the other will react. Dorothy moves into hi arms.
55) 0) text: A conference room has been hastily transformed into a courtroom. The JUDGE, a JAG Officer, sits at the far end behind a table on a raised dais. Desmond sits at a table with his lawyer, Captain Daniels. The Prosecutor sits at nearby table next to Colonel Cunningham and Captain Glove Cunningham looks very pleased. Glover, on the other hand, oddly subdued. MP’s flank the doors. There are a handful chairs in the back - empty. Desmond looks around in vain Dorothy, but she is not there. Nobody is there for him.
57) 6) dialog: Give’em room! Make way! Company B huddles miserably off the road as a convoy of A TRUCKS rumbles past them in the opposite direction. The first trucks are loaded with AMERICAN SOLDIERS, gaunt and haunted-looking. Their clothes are tattered and filth but much worse is the vacant look of misery in their eyes
57) 8) dialog: The 96th; what’s left of them. The guys we're replacing. The trucks keep coming by, one after another, full of sil men with ghostly pallor and dazed faces. 3.4.13 53.
57) 12) dialog: (very subdued) Let's go.
59) 1) dialog: Hold your fire! 3.4.13 54. Several of the US soldiers look back to Glover in confusi A few wave their arms at the Japanese to halt. As the Japanese get within fifteen yards they abruptly stop and abandon the bicycle. All of them pull out GRENADES and th them at the Americans! The grenades explode and simultaneously the Americans open up. In the brief fire- fight, five American soldiers are wounded and all three Japanese go down. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) Cease Fire! Medic! It was all so fast; Desmond can hardly believe it. CAPTAIN GLOVER (0.C.) (cont'd)
60) 2) dialog: Sons of bitches came in under a white flag. (to everyone) No more prisoners! Ever. You get a clean shot on one of them, you take it! (to Desmond) Leave him alone. 3.4.13 56.
60) 4) dialog: Not these wounded. BOOM! Smitty shoots the wounded Japanese soldier at such close range that flecks of blood spatter Desmond. Glover has already begun to walk off. Smitty looks at Desmond.
63) 2) dialog: Let's go! The Company reluctantly begins to move forward. They come upon the first of several unburied JAPANESE COR -bloated, decomposing bodies drawing clouds of flies. The faces are stretched tight, jaws open, as if the dead are still screaming. A cloud-like dread begins to descend on the men. Desmond notices the FOOTPRINTS of Rennelli in front of hi The stream trickling down the middle of the road is chang color, getting redder. Blood red. And then it dawns on Desmond that the ground is so SATURA WITH BLOOD that they are literally walking through a stre of it. As every man comes to the same shocking realization.
65) 0) text: Captain Glover has set up his Command Post with the plato critical communication gear in a hole between two huge ro on the lower side of the hill. In front, charred logs hav been piled up and covered with dirt for extra protection. Twenty yards behind the CP and dug in behind another pile rocks is the MEDICAL RECEIVING STATION, the first stop in chain of medical care for evacuated casualties.
66) 0) text: Captain Glover has the NCOs, Squad Leaders, and Medics gathered around while he goes over the plan of battle.
66) 1) dialog: The enemy will be softened up by a mortar and artillery barrage. At 1700 hours, when those shadows give us some cover on the face, Companies B and A will assault the ridge. A will take the pinnacles on our left, while we seize the section of the ridge directly in front of us. (MORE )
66) 2) text: CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont'd) The two companies will then link up on top and establish a new defensive perimeter which we will hold at all costs. Glover hesitates. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) We need Okinawa as a staging area for the invasion of Japan but the entire movement of the Army has been held up, right here. Our Navy is stuck off the coast getting hit by Kamikaze attacks and losing a ship and a half a day. Hacksaw Ridge is the key to their defences. We take Hacksaw, we get Okinawa. We get Okinawa, we take Japan. So the sooner we get this done, the sooner we can all go home. Questions? The men are silent. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) OK. See you on top. Everyone start to leave. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) Doss. Desmond returns. Glover waits until they are alone. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) That damn ridge has cost us so many Americans we don’t even have an accurate count yet. When we attack, the only hope any man has of surviving is to kill every Jap he sees without hesitation. Whatever nonsense you believe, you keep it to yourself--and do your job. You understand me?
67) 0) text: The men wait nervously in their positions, checking their weapons and ammunitions. Some men have short six foot LADDERS and heavy CLIMBING ROPES with GRAPPLING HOOKS. 3.4.13 61. Over their heads, U.S. mortars and artillery shells arc i and explode on top of the Ridge. As medics, Desmond and Schecter wait the standard 10-15 f behind the men. They will follow the attack from this position so they can better see when someone goes down. Schecter goes over his supplies obsessively. Desmond closes his eyes and says a silent prayer. Several the other men notice. Desmond whispers “Amen” and takes h New Testament from his pocket, running his fingers over i cover. Suddenly, the artillery barrage stops. Desmond opens his eyes and nervously tucks his Bible away in his breast poc Captain Glover looks at his watch. It’s time. He hand signals the “go ahead” to his squad leaders.
70) 0) text: The edge here is maybe fifteen feet wide and two to six f deep. Dotted with boulders and stumps of shattered trees, rises up towards the plateau in a small BERM. This tiny protected area is all the shelter the plateau offers. Captain Glover and the rest of the men are huddled behind berm, peering cautiously over the edge. Desmond reaches them just as Glover gives the signal to m forward across the berm and onto...
75) 1) dialog: OK, I know we got our asses handed to us but at least we’ve got a better sense of what’s on top. The Japs have built a three Bunker system in a triangle formation towards the southeast corner. We neutralize those bunkers and we should be able to roll over the ridge.
75) 3) dialog: Yeah. I asked the Navy for some heavy cargo nets. I figure we can attach them to those tree stumps up on the lip and move our men up a heck of a lot faster. Gonna need volunteers to tie those nets up. There is silence. The men avoid looking at one another. Finally, Desmond raises his hand.
76) 1) dialog: (incredulously) What do you want?
76) 3) dialog: Smile pretty for the camera, fellas. Desmond, Smitty and Jones force themselves to smile for t photographer. Glover signals and his men prop three makeshift ladders u against the cliff face. Desmond and the two others begin climb as fast as they can while the ropes attached to the are carefully played out. The other soldiers in the unit watch in surprise and even admiration as Desmond scoots up the ladder, all the while mumbling a prayer. He leaves Smitty and Jones struggling slowly behind. Near the top, Desmond throws his grappling hook up and secures a hold, then hoists himself, hand by hand, up ove the...
77) 1) dialog: Tie it off! Desmond wraps the line around the tree trunk one last tur for extra measure and then secures it with a knot. He mov to the edge of the cliff and looks down. He is fearless. Below him the Photographer is clicking away. Smitty joins Desmond, grinning and posing for the camera.
77) 3) dialog: Alright, ladies, get down offa there before you get your movie star asses shot to pieces.
78) 1) dialog: Company A will start the assault on the pinnacles to draw their focus and then we head up under covering mortar fire to keep the Japs pinned down. Soon as we’re in position, we pour in small arms fire while the Demo Squad gets close enough to toss in a satchel charge on the main bunker. Bunker blows, we move in fast on the other two, just like we trained it. Questions? All right, lets-- Tex raises his hand.
78) 3) dialog: “Pray for us?” 3.4.13 70.
78) 5) dialog: You gotta problem with that, Doss?
78) 7) dialog: Well - I guess it can’t hurt.
79) 2) dialog: OK. Let's go. The men of Company B begin rapidly climbing up the cargo and scale the cliff. Reaching... 3.4.13 71.
80) 0) text: Careful to stay below the berm, they crawl on their hands knees and spread out along the edge of the cliff in good order. Desmond watches as Captain Glover quietly signals over th radio to the mortar teams below. Almost immediately, the Mortar barrage stops. That’s the signal for Company B to attack. As one, the me throw grenades over the berm and then rise up and begin a concentrated FIRE across the plateau. Smitty focuses his BAR on the MAIN BUNKER while... The DEMO MAN crawls out onto the plateau, beneath the bul of his own men, carrying a twenty pound satchel charge of dynamite. When he is within ten feet of the Main Bunker, pulls the fuse and throws his satchel on top of the bunke There is a tremendous EXPLOSION, blowing a hole in the Bu roof. As the men are waiting for the dust to clear-- A SNIPER SHOT hits Schecter in the leg. He yells once and falls. Immediately, Desmond kneels beside him.
83) 0) text: Captain Glover is on the radio with his superior officer, Lt. Colonel Cooney, at First Battalion HQ.
83) 1) dialog: Company B accomplished its objective today and we have secured a foothold on the plateau.
83) 4) dialog: Just one, sir.
83) 6) dialog: We had one casualty, sir.
83) 8) dialog: Yes, sir.
86) 0) text: Captain Glover’s primitive map diagram reflects the day’s success and tomorrow’s objective.
86) 1) dialog: Every man should take pride in what we did today. Company B achieved something that no other unit in the 381st or the 307th has managed in the last four weeks. There are murmurs of satisfaction among the men. Some whistle quietly, or nudge each other in approval. Only Desmond is quiet. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) It looks like we broke the back of Hacksaw’s defensive line. However, Chief noticed a cave opening hidden behind those three pillboxes. There’s some speculation that this may lead to the heart of the Japanese fortifications.
86) 3) dialog: Exactly. So I’ve got Engineering building us a metal trough we can carry up in sections and assemble on top. I figure we poke the end of the trough into that cave and pour a dozen Jerry cans of gasoline and diesel fuel down their throats-- and then throw in a phosphorus grenade or two.
86) 5) dialog: Any luck, we'll be done with Hacksaw Ridge by tomorrow afternoon and headed to the coast. EXT. THE PLATEAU - DESMOND & SMITTY’S FOXHOLE - NIGHT Both men are crouched in their foxhole, waiting for first light. Desmond whispers...
98) 0) text: The entire area is engulfed in flame and weapons fire. Al over the killing field, individual fights and deaths are playing out as the sun begins to peek over the horizon, casting a dull red glow over ground running with blood. Among it all, we find Captain Glover and his RADIO OPERAT Glover tries to assert command and save what’s left of hi rapidly collapsing company.
98) 1) dialog: 
103) 1) dialog: How many we got down?!?
105) 3) text: The two men hurriedly unhook the wounded soldier and the disappears back up the cliff. Two additional Stretcher Bearers come running up with a litter. Behind them is Captain Glover.
105) 4) dialog: What the hell is going on!?!?
105) 7) dialog: Doss?! What are you doing?! Get your ass down from there! Desmond ignores him and disappears back over the edge. Glover looks around, trying to figure out how to play thi He gestures to a Second Radio Operator. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d)
123) 0) text: Glover, Hollywood, Chief, Tex and dozens of soldiers from other companies watch silently as Desmond lowers one last down from Hacksaw Ridge...but this one is already dead... We see this last man’s face...it’s Smitty. As the body slowly descends, we realize Desmond’s last act was to retrieve Smitty’s body. And with that, Desmond finally leaves Hacksaw Ridge. Slow painfully, he climbs down the rope alone. When Desmond reaches the bottom, he fights not to collaps into the arms of the men waiting at the base of the cliff His uniform is completely soaked with blood and mud, and flies swarm around him but he’s too tired to bat them awa with his torn and bleeding hands. The men stare at him li he’s a ghost as Desmond glances down at his uniform, straining to move his head to look up again. Captain Glover is one of them.
123) 1) dialog: Is he wounded?
123) 5) dialog: For what?
123) 7) dialog: They’re all down, Desmond. You got’em all. (to the others) Go him to the aid station.
125) 1) dialog: (barely audible) Okay. (louder) Okay. Word is...word from HQ is, we gotta go back up on Hacksaw tomorrow. And we gotta take it, this time. The men are silent, close to mutiny. In the rear, someone groans. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) I know, I know. Look, they know what we're up against and they’ve promised us a full company of reinforcements, and a massive bombardment preceding the assault, including naval guns and aircraft. The heart of their defensive line is that cave towards the rear of the escarpment. We get to that, take out that cave, and Hacksaw is ours. The men look at one another, reaching some unspoken agreement, and then stare back to Sergeant Jones.
125) 3) dialog: (confused) Any reason to think he won't? 3.4.13 96.
126) 0) text: Desmond sits behind the shelter of a stone Okinawan tomb, reading his Bible when to his surprise Captain Glover appears. Glover squats down beside Desmond; looks out ove the countryside as the first sliver of sunlight illuminat the landscape.
126) 1) dialog: Sometimes, if I squint a little bit, this countryside reminds me a little bit of South Carolina. A South Carolina that’s been bombed and blown to a jillion little muddy pieces but still... Desmond nods.
126) 3) dialog: We’re gonna have to go back up on Hacksaw tomorrow. And tomorrow is your Sabbath. (beat) Most of the men don’t believe in the same way you do. But they believe so much... in how much you believe... that they won’t go up that Ridge unless you’re with them, completely. Desmond looks back at the Captain, not sure he understand what Glover is asking. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) It’s not their Sabbath, it’s yours. And they figure that for this assault to be square with God, it’s gotta be square with you. Desmond puts down his Bible and studies Glover.
129) 3) dialog: We're waiting, sir.
129) 5) dialog: We're waiting for Private Doss to finish praying. 3.4.13 98.
131) 0) text: Captain Glover sees Desmond coming, rejoining the line.
131) 1) dialog: (into field telephone) Company B is ready to go, sir.
132) 0) text: Above them, the bombardment suddenly stops. The SILENCE i deafening. Every man left in Company B - including Desmon is ready. On their faces, each and every one, is a fierce look of quiet determination. Captain Glover looks to Desmond. Desmond nods.
135) 5) dialog: Keep pressure on!
135) 7) dialog: The hell he is! WE GOTTA GET HIM
137) 1) dialog: (quietly) You're going home, Desmond. See that pretty bride of yours. Desmond tries to talk. Can’t. Chokes. Shakily he pats his shirt pocket. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) What?
137) 3) dialog: You can get another copy when you get home. Hear it’s a popular book. Desmond tries to speak and coughs again, a violent shudde cough, and a bright clot of blood appears in the corner o his mouth. Glover glances over at one of the Medics... 3.4.13 102. ...the Medic shakes his head; this guy is not going to ma it. Glover clutches Desmond’s hand one more time. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) Hang in there, Desmond. Glover steps away as the ambulance drives off. Exhausted, Glover squats on the ground to steady himself. Around him, Tex, Chief, Hollywood, and the others collaps into the mud. Glover shakes his head; wipes the sweat and the mud out o his eyes; some decision slowly working its way out. He ri stiffly but with great determination, and begins re-armin himself from the stack of supplies and ammunition at the of the cliff. As it dawns on the men what Glover intends to do, Tex, Ch and Hollywood also rise and begin to arm themselves as we Glover glances at them. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) (quietly) You don’t have to... Every Jap still up there will die before he surrenders. The men nod. They all turn and look back up at the cliff. The plateau above is lit up again by artillery and mortar fire. Then, unbelievably, they begin to climb back up Hacksaw Ridge.
138) 1) text: A MAN in unbelievably filthy fatigues is standing beside bed, looking at him. Desmond manages to get his eyes to FOCUS and the man gradually swims into view - Captain Glo 3.4.13 103.
138) 2) dialog: Doctors say you had enough shrapnel in you to build your own short wave radio. But you’re gonna be alright. Desmond manages a smile. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) Just so you know, I put you up for a sack of medals for what you did up on Hacksaw, so if some General with a chest-full of fruit salad comes through and pins one on you, you can blame me. Glover pauses and a smile creeps onto his face. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) Also, I have something of yours. Glover reaches into his jacket and retrieves Desmond’s be up, water stained POCKET BIBLE. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) When the men heard you were missing this, they all volunteered to go look for it. Kind of beat up but - they wanted you to know, they were thinking of you. Desmond takes the Bible and runs his hands over it. As Glover turns and walks away, Desmond notices a soldier (t soldier Desmond saved) sitting up in bed smiling with two stumps where his legs used to be. Desmond smiles back as the soldier lifts his water glass salutes Desmond.