33) 23) dialog: Do you hear voices, Desmond? 3.4.13 32.
34) 0) text: COLONEL STELZER is a pinched face Psychiatrist with a receding hairline and a piercing gaze. Desmond sits in fr of him: nervous, angry, and defiant.
34) 2) dialog: But I understand that God talks to you. Is that right?
34) 4) dialog: Is that how you think most people regard you? “A drooling idiot”?
34) 6) dialog: Sounds lonely. Desmond says nothing. COLONEL STELZER (cont’d) So you don’t hear voices.
34) 8) dialog: So, God didn’t tell you not to touch a gun?
34) 10) dialog: I’m quite familiar with the scriptures, Private. And most people take that commandment to mean, “Don’t commit murder.” War, of course, is a completely different set of circumstances... 3.4.13 33.
34) 12) dialog: ..-King David was a “Warrior King,” and much loved by God.
34) 14) dialog: Jesus didn’t say anything about not carrying a weapon! Did he?
34) 16) dialog: Then why won’t you? Desmond hesitates - then sets his jaw.
36) 0) text: Colonel Stelzer is now seated behind his desk. Captain Glover stands at attention.
36) 1) dialog: It is my opinion that Private Doss is not insane or a malingerer. His religious views are certainly... unique, but they do not constitute grounds for a Section Eight Discharge. He is a legitimate Conscientious Objector and he must be allowed to work as a Combat Medic provided he qualifies in all other areas of his training. Glover is dumbfounded - and furious. 3.4.13 34.
36) 3) dialog: (with an edge) That would be unwise, Captain.
46) 15) dialog: He’s an embarrassment! We’1ll be the laughingstock of the Regiment.
46) 17) dialog: You should court-martial him.
46) 19) dialog: Then find a way to move the line. Glover throws down his drink--and a thought hits him.
46) 21) dialog: Private Doss. I can’t authorize your pass.
46) 23) dialog: ...-I’m not interested in your sob story. You’re not rifle qualified. Cunningham smiles, enjoying this.
46) 25) dialog: Colonel Stelzer’s determination was... (reading from report) “Doss must be allowed to work as a Combat Medic provided he qualifies in all other areas of his training.” (closes file) You have not qualified on the rifle range, Private. Silence. Everybody in line - Smitty and the rest of Compa B - knows that Cunningham has put Desmond in a box. COLONEL CUNNINGHAM (cont’d) Show me you know how to handle a rifle and I’1l sign your furlough. Sergeant? Hand Private Doss your firearm. Sgt. Howell offers Doss his rifle.
46) 27) dialog: I am not asking you, Private. That is a Direct Order. And there it is. Desmond doesn’t move. COLONEL CUNNINGHAM (cont’d) Pick up the rifle. (Doss remains still) I want you to think very carefully here, Doss. Pick up the gun; get your furlough and have a happy honeymoon. Refuse to pick up the gun and I will court martial you, and you will spend the next five years in the stockade. Desmond is tempted but...
46) 29) dialog: Sergeant, you will note that Private Desmond Doss has disobeyed a direct order from his superior officer. Arrest him! Sgt. Howell leads Desmond out, past the other men of Comp B. Desmond neither seeks their pity nor their help. Smitty watches Desmond as he is led out. Disbelief. Anger Confusion. What the hell is it about this guy?
55) 0) text: A conference room has been hastily transformed into a courtroom. The JUDGE, a JAG Officer, sits at the far end behind a table on a raised dais. Desmond sits at a table with his lawyer, Captain Daniels. The Prosecutor sits at nearby table next to Colonel Cunningham and Captain Glove Cunningham looks very pleased. Glover, on the other hand, oddly subdued. MP’s flank the doors. There are a handful chairs in the back - empty. Desmond looks around in vain Dorothy, but she is not there. Nobody is there for him.
55) 18) dialog: I withdraw the charges, sir.