2) 0) text: Norman Rockwell come to life. Small wooden houses on the rolling hills of the Virginia Piedmont, more country than city. Two boys are rolling a coaster wagon through their yard. DESMOND, the younger, 8 years old, pushes; his brot MARK, 10, holds the wagon tongue and steers. The wagon contains a collection of rusty junk metal. The wagon is heavy and the boys small, but they’re tough and determined. They’re like Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn. (NOTE: The real Desmond Doss, throughout his life, spoke with the distinct accent of the Virginia’s Blue Ridge Mountains, a lilting and beautiful usage that persists in some places to this day. We make no attempt to render tha accent in these pages, but the presence of it in his spee brought even more distinction and majesty to his real character.) Sitting on the front porch of their house is their father TOM DOSS. Tom is a big man, sullen man, broken in his sou
2) 2) dialog: We're making money! 3.4.13 3.
2) 4) dialog: We got lotsa junk in the back yard!
3) 0) text: The boys are digging through a trove of cast off parts fr old farm equipment. Then young Desmond spots a coin, and lifts it, spitting on it to clean it. It’s a dime.
3) 1) dialog: Look! I found a dime!
3) 3) dialog: It ain’t yours. 3.4.13 4.
5) 0) text: Bertha kneels on an old worn sofa with Desmond and Mark standing beside her. They are both looking at a framed illustration of the Ten Commandments hanging on the wall. Bertha turns and pulls Desmond down into her lap but his rimmed eyes never leave the print.
5) 1) dialog: Why did Cain kill Abel?
7) 0) text: Mark hops off the chair, leaving Desmond still in the position where their mother left them. Mark heads into th kitchen...
9) 0) text: Title: Fourteen years later. Lynchburg has always been a railroad town; tracks cut thr the gorges and span ridges. Twenty-five year old Desmond now walks alongside the trac He’s grown into a thin but wiry man with a pleasant but crooked smile. His senses are keen; he hears the chirp of a bird and his blue eyes catch sight of a bright red Cardinal high in a hickory tree. He’s a true country boy, at one with nature
10) 0) text: Desmond waits his turn. Fascinated by all things medical, can’t help but poke around in the shelves and cabinets. T door behind him opens and Desmond whirls around, embarras to be caught snooping. He’s even more embarrassed as sees his attendant is an attractive nurse, DOROTHY SHUTTE, early 20's.
10) 2) dialog: No, ma‘am. I’m just kind of interested in medicine. He stammers slightly, with nerves. DESMOND (cont'd) I used dream about being a doctor. But I didn’t get much school. 3.4.13 8.
10) 4) dialog: Doss. But my friends call me Desmond. No, ma’am, this would be my first time. When they made the announcement in church about a big car wreck and folks needing blood SO...
10) 6) dialog: No, ma’am, I walked from home. Dorothy watches the RED BLOOD, FILLING THE COLLECTION BAG
10) 8) dialog: Fort Hill.
10) 10) dialog: Just five or six miles. But I cut through the woods. It’s seven that way! 3.4.13 9. He laughs. She laughs too.
10) 12) dialog: I always feel lost everywhere else. But there I can find my way. Dorothy takes this in; Desmond seems so simple, so boyish even backward. But something about him is deep, and poeti And unique. It brings out the sweetness in her.
10) 14) dialog: Thank you, ‘mam.
10) 16) dialog: Dorothy. Yes ‘Mam! She smiles; is he flirting? She gets up.
10) 18) dialog: Giving blood’s got all sorts of benefits.
11) 0) text: Desmond enters, more exhilarated than tired despite his l walk and the loss of blood but his face falls when he see his father sitting, slumped, in his rocker. He’s been drinking and has fallen asleep clutching a pint of whiske Not an unfamiliar sight. Desmond considers him a moment a then gently tries to extract the bottle from his grasp. T eyes blink open.
11) 2) dialog: You need some help getting upstairs, sir? Tom pushes Desmond away and rises unsteadily, still clutc his bottle.
12) 0) text: Desmond and Bertha sit, eating a cold supper. She hasn’t touched hers. Desmond silently reaches over and holds her hand. Desmond’s brother Mark strolls in the back door. He kisse his mother and nudges Desmond's shoulder, sitting at the table. BERTHA (cont'd) I was wondering if you were gonna make it to dinner.
12) 4) dialog: Met somebody today, a nurse over at the hospital. Her name’s Dorothy Shutte and I’m gonna marry her. Bertha blinks in surprise.
12) 6) dialog: I haven't gotten around to telling her just yet. Mark grins, and punches Desmond again. Desmond smiles...t punches him back. The brothers laugh.
13) 0) text: Dorothy is working at her station when she looks up to se Desmond standing there.
13) 2) dialog: Hi, Dorothy. How'd the blood drive go.
13) 4) dialog: Well, that’s good. Cause I need my blood back.
13) 6) dialog: My blood. I need it back.
13) 8) dialog: Well you got to, because ever since you stuck me with that needle, my heart’s been beating fast, and every time I think about you, it beats faster still.
13) 10) dialog: Is it working?
14) 0) text: A movie plays on the screen as Desmond and Dorothy make t way to their seats, obviously late. As they sit, Dorothy starts to watch the movie. Desmond can’t help but admire beauty. He sits awkwardly, trying to find a way to connec with her. He tries to stretch and put his arm around her, but when looks at him he fumbles a bit to try and recover. She sim smiles and takes a sip of her cola. Desmond sits in silen again and then tries to have his hand brush up against he As he does this, Dorothy preempts him and holds his hand. For that moment, neither of them are watching the movie. Instead they are both looking into each other's eyes. Desmond slowly leans in and they share their first kiss. Our music rises into a MONTAGE of Desmond and Dorothy’s growing love:
15) 0) text: Desmond and Dorothy hike through the park and look out ac the landscape.
16) 0) text: Desmond gets onto an old rope swing just after Dorothy ge off. As Dorothy begins swinging him; she sees Desmond not a pretty girl walking past. Frustrated, she tugs the rope sideways and Desmond swings into the tree... Dorothy stalks away after Desmond’s crash, but he gets up catches her and explains something we don't hear but understand. Dorothy softens and smiles... 3.4.13 13.
17) 0) text: Desmond and Dorothy chat furiously across the table, bare having time to take bites of their food. Something Desmon says cracks Dorothy up.
18) 0) text: Dorothy opens her locker to find an orange and a note fro Desmond. Her look of confusion on finding the orange turn to a smile as she reads the note.
19) 0) text: The leaves are falling from the tress as Desmond and Doro walk through the woods, talking. The MONTAGE ENDS as Doro puts her head on Desmond’s shoulder.
20) 0) text: A glorious late Fall day with just a bit of color lingeri on the trees. Desmond and Dorothy are walking with other tourists, gazing up at Natural Bridge.
20) 1) dialog: They say George Washington threw a silver dollar over it.
20) 3) dialog: I doubt anybody's throwing money at it these days! (more seriously) The plant foreman told me the other day that I’m doing such a good job, they might raise me up a notch. Salary too. Hope that doesn’t sound too much like bragging.
20) 5) dialog: I’m a man who means to be one. She looks at him, realizing he’s planning a future, one that’s built around her. Slowly, happily, they kiss. 3.4.13 14. EXT./INT. COUNTRY ROAD / DESMOND’S CAR - AFTERNOON Desmond and Dorothy drive back to town - they are both ag with their love. As they pull into town, Dorothy notices several cars pull over to the side of the road and people crowded around th doorway to a coffee shop.
21) 0) text: Desmond and Dorothy join the crowd that has gathered at t coffee shop, just within earshot of the door. Everyone lo nervously at the radio inside, listening to President Roosevelt.
23) 0) text: The cemetery is in the very heart of the town, on a hill surrounded by brick walls. And Desmond Doss’s father, Tom is standing among the grave stones. It’s an old and seemingly haunted place where few people visit; for awhile he seems all alone, until he hears--
23) 1) dialog: Daddy?... Tom turns around and stands silently as Desmond approache DESMOND (cont'd) Mama told me you wanted to see me. Here?
23) 3) dialog: Confederates.
23) 5) dialog: Mark’s already joined up. The Marine Corps--
23) 8) dialog: Daddy...
23) 10) dialog: Daddy. I already signed up.
23) 12) dialog: I talked to them at the draft board today. Desmond watches his father. He approaches him tenderly. 3.4.13 17. DESMOND (cont'd) Daddy, I--
23) 14) dialog: Everybody else is--
24) 0) text: Bertha sits crying, alone in the living room. She’s holdi something in her hands: pictures of her sons, Mark and Desmond. Her tears fall on the glass of the frames. Through the front windows she sees the back of her husban he sits on the porch, sullen, drinking. She’s all alone.
25) 2) dialog: I’m just sure I can’t sit back and do nothing.
25) 4) dialog: I am sure of something, though. I don’t really have the right to be asking you, and we haven’t known each other for very long, but I can’t imagine...
25) 6) dialog: You don’t know what I’m about to ask.
25) 8) dialog: When?
25) 10) dialog: I love you! 3.4.13 19. The train is picking up speed. Dorothy has to let go.
25) 11) text: Desmond sits with the other young men as the train moves slowly along the rails, past the hickory and oak trees th line the tracks. They rumble over a trestle, and Desmond realizes--
25) 12) dialog: (to himself) We're going by my house! A thought strikes him; he looks around at the other young guys. DESMOND (cont'd) Anybody got some paper? Anything? Anything I could write on?
25) 14) dialog: Can you loan me a sheet, I’1l pay you back! The guy gives Desmond a cheap tablet; Desmond tears off a sheet and hurriedly pulls a pencil from his pocket to wri He’s rushing--but he takes the time to write, with feelin
25) 15) text: “DADDY...I LOVE YOU. DESMOND”
25) 16) text: Desmond opens the door, braces his foot on the step, and reaches down to the track bed; he deftly scoops up a larg rock, and wraps the paper around it.
26) 0) text: The train chugs slowly over the trestle; Desmond, leaning from the train car, sees his house far below. With all hi might he throws the rock. It arcs through the air...
26) 1) dialog: 
27) 0) text: A sign boasts: Proud Home of the “Statue of Liberty” Brigade! Groups of sweaty soldiers run past, harassed by their perpetually dissatisfied Drill Instructors. Desmond’s bus stops and the recruits file out. Immediately, SGT. HOWELL no-nonsense NCO from Alabama, is screaming at them.
28) 0) text: Desmond and the new recruits are pushed and herded quickl through a series of stations where they are thrown unifor duffel bags, boots, kits. Throughout, Howell is continuou yelling and berating the recruits. Desmond is both excited and anxious - he’s never been awa from home before and never been around such a group.
29) 0) text: Desmond enters his new housing. The barracks are stifling even with all the windows open. There are a dozen other RECRUITS here, all men older then you might expect - the average age is close to 32. Most of Desmond's platoon hav been here for days already and the men glance at their ne comrade with casual interest. 3.4.13 21. SMITTY, a burly dockworker, is playing a knife game - “stretch” - against “GREASE” NOLAN, another Brooklyn nati and auto mechanic. Smitty balances the knife with an ease suggesting intimate familiarity and expertly throws it in the floor, 30 inches from Grease’s right foot. Grease groans. He has to spread his legs even wider to try and reach the knife. Try as he might, Grease just can’t make it.
29) 2) dialog: Virginia. Desmond, Desmond Doss.
29) 8) dialog: No, thanks.
29) 18) dialog: No Sir! But he still grins.
30) 2) dialog: (quietly) No, Sergeant. I can’t...won’t touch a gun. Everybody gets very quiet. Howell stares at Desmond in complete and utter disbelief. INT. CAPTAIN JACK GLOVER’S OFFICE - DAY Glover, a tough, no-nonsense former Detroit policeman, is Company B’s Commanding Officer, tasked with the almost impossible mission of creating an entirely new unit from scratch. His desk is piled high with reports, manuals, an documents and the office walls are patchwork of overdue w orders and tasks. At the moment, all of that is forgotten he tries to figure out the enigma that is Private Doss.
30) 4) dialog: The Army’s made a mistake. I told them when I signed up that...
30) 6) dialog: (to Glover) Yes Sir. Sorry, Sir. 3.4.13 25.
30) 8) dialog: No, Sir.
30) 10) dialog: Sir, I was supposed to be sent to a medical unit, not a rifle company, so I could--
30) 13) dialog: No, sir, I am a conscientious cooperator. I volunteered for active duty and signed on to be a medic.
30) 15) dialog: No, sir. I don’t have a problem wearing a uniform or saluting the flag or doing my duty; only with the taking of human life. Glover can't believe what he’s hearing.
30) 17) dialog: I’m a Seventh Day Adventist so Saturdays are my Sabbath. And like I was trying to explain to the Sergeant here, I won’t touch a gun. Sir. Glover and Howell exchange looks.
31) 3) dialog: There is no plan. I just want to serve my country. Howell studies Desmond skeptically, completely unconvince
32) 0) text: A cavernous, drab, pinewood room with long tables seating fourteen men. Smitty sits at the head; Desmond is at the foot. Platters Pork Chops, peas, mashed potatoes and corn are passed dow By the time it reaches Desmond, there are only a handful peas and corn left. Uncomplainingly, Desmond fills his pl with what’s left. Waving one pork chop on his fork over the two other chops his plate, Smitty yells down the table at Desmond.
32) 2) dialog: That's alright, Smitty. I don’t eat meat.
32) 7) dialog: I like vegetables, though, plenty fine. Thanks. Smitty burns, feeling somehow that he’s been had.
33) 0) text: In the precious half-hour to themselves before Lights Out the men play cards, read, chew the fat, or write letters. Desmond reaches into his shirt pocket and retrieves his N Testament. He runs his hands lightly over its cheap leath cover; he’s in sore need of comfort. A HAND reaches in and snatches the Bible away. Desmond ju up to see... Smitty standing there, grinning, holding his Bible.
33) 2) dialog: That’s my Bible.
33) 4) dialog: It's just the New Testament.
33) 8) dialog: No.
33) 10) dialog: The Bible says to turn the other cheek.
33) 14) dialog: That’s mine. Give it here!
33) 17) dialog: Give it back. Desmond has grown quiet...still...dangerous.
33) 19) dialog: Please.
33) 21) dialog: Please give it back, Smitty. Smitty smiles slowly.
34) 0) text: COLONEL STELZER is a pinched face Psychiatrist with a receding hairline and a piercing gaze. Desmond sits in fr of him: nervous, angry, and defiant.
34) 1) dialog: No, sir.
34) 3) dialog: Look, sir, I’m not some drooling backwoods idiot.
34) 5) dialog: I'm different. I know that. I don’t pretend to be something I’m not. I am what I am.
34) 7) dialog: I pray to God and I like to think He hears me but - it’s not a conversation, like we’re having.
34) 9) dialog: God says not to kill. That’s the Sixth Commandment.
34) 11) dialog: I don’t see it that way...
34) 13) dialog: And that’s the Old Testament! Jesus said, “A new commandment I give unto you, that you love one another and--"
34) 15) dialog: No, sir.
34) 17) dialog: Because I won’t. Sir.
35) 0) text: Desmond returns to his cot and finds his pillow soaking w He can feel the men looking at him. Desmond wrings out th pillow as best he can.
38) 0) text: Desmond is on his hands and knees, scrubbing the filthy toilets with a toothbrush.
39) 0) text: Desmond stands in the crowded, smoky kitchen, washing an endless stack of dirty dishes. His hands are raw from the hot water and bleach. Through the window, he can see Smitty, Grease, Chief, and laughing and rough-housing with one another as they head of camp on a 24 hour pass. Smitty and Grease glance back at Doss, silhouetted in the mess hall window.
44) 0) text: Desmond is showering, as he does all things now, alone. Smitty, Grease, and Chief enter. Just as Desmond turns to face them, Smitty punches Desmond in the face, knocking h to the floor. The other men close in around him and begin kicking and punching. Desmond curls up and tries to prote himself but he doesn’t fight back.
45) 0) text: All the other members of the company sit on their bunks, looking at one another. The only SOUND is that of Desmond beating in the next room. Tex curls up in bed and slowly pulls his pillow over his ears to block out the noise.
46) 0) text: The entire company stands at attention. The door opens an Sgt. Howell leads Desmond in. Desmond's face looks like chopped steak: bruised and swollen, his eyes bloodshot. H ribs obviously ache but he struggles to ignore his pain.
46) 4) dialog: (quietly) No, sir.
46) 6) dialog: No, sir. Everybody is staring at Desmond. DESMOND (cont'd) I never said I was assaulted. Howell is stunned; he doesn’t know how to play this one.
46) 8) dialog: I just - fell, is all. INT. GLOVER’S OFFICE - DAY
46) 10) dialog: I'm willing to take that chance, sir.
46) 12) dialog: Sir, they see me as responsible for their loss of leave, their extra duties, and what happened to Teach. They’re angry about that - as they were intended to be. Glover and Howell exchange looks.
46) 14) dialog: I’m not...sir. INT. FORT JACKSON OFFICER’S CLUB - EVENING Captain Glover shares a drink with his immediate superior COLONEL CUNNINGHAM.
46) 22) dialog: Respectfully, sir, I’m long overdue. And I'm getting married this afternoon...
46) 24) dialog: I’m not required to carry a gun, sir. Colonel Stelzer...
46) 26) dialog: Sir. I will not touch a gun, sir. 3.4.13 40.
46) 28) dialog: No, sir.
47) 0) text: As the GUARD leads Desmond in, Desmond pleads--
47) 1) dialog: I’ve got to make a phone call. Please.
48) 0) text: A bare cell - a cot, a sink, a toilet. Desmond sits on th cot, reading the Bible Dorothy gave him. Desmond looks at his wrist watch: five minutes past six.
49) 0) text: Dorothy stands at the altar in her wedding gown, her pare beside her. Next to them are Desmond’s parents. A tableau embarrassment and concern.
50) 0) text: Desmond paces in his cell, his knuckles clenched white wi barely contained fury. Suddenly, the dam bursts with a SC - a wrenching roar of frustration and pent-up anger. He grabs his cot and smashes it against the floor. He rips t sink off the wall. He smashes his hands against his steel door until his knuckles are bloody. Exhausted, he slumps down to the floor.
51) 0) text: Desmond’s lawyer, CAPTAIN DANIELS, is a nervous young man with a mustache so meagre it seems painted on.
51) 2) dialog: If that’s the good news, I sure don’t want to hear the bad.
51) 5) dialog: New Testament. My fiance gave it to me when I joined up. Glover shakes his head and puts the Bible back down on th bunk.
51) 7) dialog: No, sir. 3.4.13
51) 9) dialog: With everything I have, sir. I'm prepared to give my life for my men.
51) 11) dialog: I can’t do that, sir. The two men stare at one another.
51) 13) text: A GUARD unlocks the door. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) Your hearing is tomorrow morning. If I can’t change your mind, maybe she can. Glover leaves. Desmond rises, afraid to hope, but it’s tr Dorothy enters the cell. Desmond and Dorothy eye each oth unsure of how the other will react. Dorothy moves into hi arms.
51) 14) dialog: I...you know I would’ve been there if there'd been any way...
51) 16) dialog: I went a couple of rounds with the wall and lost. Pretty much the story of me and the army.
51) 18) dialog: I don’t think that’1l happen.
51) 20) dialog: I've come too far. I won’t quit.
51) 22) dialog: I believe in my heart that being a medic is what I’m supposed to do! 3.4.13 45. Desmond realizes he’s raised his voice more than he meant Dorothy is starting to seethe.
51) 24) dialog: (reserved) I could say the same thing to you. Silence. Both are miserable. DESMOND (cont'd) I want to do right in God’s eyes and - yeah, I may be - like you say - prideful. If I am, it’s because I want so badly to be the kind of man you could be proud of. And I’m scared of failing. Dorothy looks at him - a mixture of love and pity. And th she puts her arms around him and holds him close.
52) 0) text: Desmond sits on the floor of his cell, alone, lost in thought. He makes a decision, one that leaves him feeling defeated. He rises and bangs on the door.
52) 1) dialog: Guard! I want to see my lawyer.
53) 0) text: Sgt. Howell leads Desmond to the courtroom.
53) 2) dialog: Where’d you put your money? 3.4.13 46.
55) 0) text: A conference room has been hastily transformed into a courtroom. The JUDGE, a JAG Officer, sits at the far end behind a table on a raised dais. Desmond sits at a table with his lawyer, Captain Daniels. The Prosecutor sits at nearby table next to Colonel Cunningham and Captain Glove Cunningham looks very pleased. Glover, on the other hand, oddly subdued. MP’s flank the doors. There are a handful chairs in the back - empty. Desmond looks around in vain Dorothy, but she is not there. Nobody is there for him.
55) 4) dialog: No, sir. I’ve changed my mind. There is an unpleasant stir in the courtroom.
55) 7) dialog: (ignoring Daniels; to the Judge) If you say so.
55) 9) dialog: Yes, sir.
55) 11) dialog: No, sir.
55) 13) text: Desmond takes a breath and wipes his sweaty hands on his pants. He’s working this out on his feet; trying to give form to his feelings.
55) 14) dialog: When the Japs attacked Pearl Harbor, I took it personally. Everyone I knew was on fire to join up. Two men in my home town who were declared 4-F killed themselves because they couldn’t serve. I had a job in a defense plant and could've taken a deferment but it didn’t seem right. It didn’t seem right to me that other folks should fight and die for my rights, including my right to believe what I believe. Being a medic seems perfect. I'’11 be right in the middle with the other guys, no less danger, but instead of taking life, I’1l be saving it. With the world so set on tearing itself apart, it doesn’t seem such a bad thing to me to want to put a little bit of it back together. The men in the court can’t embrace Desmond’s position, bu they can’t deny his sincerity. DESMOND (cont'd) All I’ve ever wanted was a chance to serve my country and to protect my fellow soldiers. The Judge frowns.
55) 20) dialog: How did you do this?! Over her shoulder, Desmond catches a glance from Glover - there is no look of forgiveness on his face, nor any sign forgetting this defeat.
56) 0) text: Desmond lies in bed, absently toying with the WEDDING RIN that now graces his left hand. 3.4.13 51. Dorothy turns off the light in the bathroom and climbs in bed, wearing a nightgown and her own ring. They hold each other a moment and savor the look in each other’s eyes.
56) 2) dialog: What?
57) 0) text: Titles: OKINAWA. APRIL, 1945 The Liberty Division has finally made it into combat, but their war shows little excitement and even less glory. A cold, heavy rain dampens spirits and turns the primitive into a morass of mud. Company B slogs through the mire as they try to get up to the front line. Desmond walks in the rear - alone - the Red Cross insigni his arm and his helmet evidence that he is now, finally, Medic. He carries a full field backpack plus three plasma sets, a surgical kit, and two canteens, one full of water one full of rubbing alcohol. Desmond’s training hasn’t brought him any closer to the m who still noticeably shun him. And he remains the only ma among them, indeed the only man in the entire US army, wh unarmed. Bruno shifts the heavy Flamethrower equipment on his back BRUNO “B” MAZILLI Thought the Pacific was supposed to be warm. 3.4.13 52.
59) 3) dialog: 
59) 5) dialog: Don’t speak. Save your breath. Desmond starts to cut away Bruno’s clothes to get at his wound. Bruno is badly rattled, shaking with pain and terr the look on Desmond’s face isn’t comforting. BRUNO “B” MAZILLI (whispering) It wasn’t - like - they said it - would be. Desmond stops, confused, for only a moment as Bruno’s eye roll back in his head.
59) 6) dialog: He’s going into shock! 3.4.13 55. Desmond quickly injects Bruno with morphine and then wrap tourniquet around his upper arm. He pulls out a plasma un a box with two bottles and a two way needle - and connect the bottles with the needle. While the liquid is filling dried plasma, Desmond pulls out a sterile IV kit and sets up. He inserts one end into the now liquid plasma and the other into Bruno’s arm. Desmond releases the tourniquet a the plasma begins to flow into the patient. Desmond waits an anxious moment and then, as the color returns to Bruno’s face, he breathes a sigh of relief. DESMOND (cont'd)
60) 0) text: As the last of the American wounded are evacuated, Desmon moves to the Japanese bodies. To his surprise, one of the is still alive. It is Desmond's first glimpse of the enemy and despite th treachery of their assault, this soldier does not appear formidable. The Japanese Soldier looks young, barely out his teens, and so malnourished he’s more skin and bones t anything else. Blood bubbles at the corners of his mouth. He looks at Desmond with absolute terror in his eyes. Desmond doesn’t hesitate, he squats down beside the wound soldier and starts to treat his wounds.
60) 3) dialog: (quietly) It’s my job, sir; take care of the wounded.
62) 0) text: Those men not on duty - including Smitty - sit together a eat dinner or smoke. Desmond sits by himself, ignored by the rest of the compa eating cold K rations. The door opens and another soldier, Schecter, enters. Schecter is clearly a veteran; he looks ragged and beat b he has a warm, engaging manner. He carries the equipment a medic but wears none of the identifying insignia. Irv glances around until he spots Desmond and then comes over him, hand extended.
62) 4) dialog: Are these bandages OK? Irv turns back to Desmond.
62) 6) dialog: How come?
63) 0) text: It's a very different Company on the march today. Several men have been killed or wounded and the true nature of th abyss which yawns before them has been glimpsed. Desmond glances up at the terrain around them. They are crossing an open valley, half a mile wide. A ser of gradual slopes lead to their ultimate objective up ahe a long, high rocky escarpment:
66) 2) text: CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont'd) The two companies will then link up on top and establish a new defensive perimeter which we will hold at all costs. Glover hesitates. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) We need Okinawa as a staging area for the invasion of Japan but the entire movement of the Army has been held up, right here. Our Navy is stuck off the coast getting hit by Kamikaze attacks and losing a ship and a half a day. Hacksaw Ridge is the key to their defences. We take Hacksaw, we get Okinawa. We get Okinawa, we take Japan. So the sooner we get this done, the sooner we can all go home. Questions? The men are silent. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) OK. See you on top. Everyone start to leave. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) Doss. Desmond returns. Glover waits until they are alone. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) That damn ridge has cost us so many Americans we don’t even have an accurate count yet. When we attack, the only hope any man has of surviving is to kill every Jap he sees without hesitation. Whatever nonsense you believe, you keep it to yourself--and do your job. You understand me?
66) 3) dialog: Yes, sir.
67) 0) text: The men wait nervously in their positions, checking their weapons and ammunitions. Some men have short six foot LADDERS and heavy CLIMBING ROPES with GRAPPLING HOOKS. 3.4.13 61. Over their heads, U.S. mortars and artillery shells arc i and explode on top of the Ridge. As medics, Desmond and Schecter wait the standard 10-15 f behind the men. They will follow the attack from this position so they can better see when someone goes down. Schecter goes over his supplies obsessively. Desmond closes his eyes and says a silent prayer. Several the other men notice. Desmond whispers “Amen” and takes h New Testament from his pocket, running his fingers over i cover. Suddenly, the artillery barrage stops. Desmond opens his eyes and nervously tucks his Bible away in his breast poc Captain Glover looks at his watch. It’s time. He hand signals the “go ahead” to his squad leaders.
68) 0) text: With the SCOUTS, including Chief, leading the way, the me move as fast and as silently as they can, scrambling over rubble at the base of the Ridge, hand over hand. This is the Charge of the Light Brigade. Every man is utterly terrified and is forcing himself to move forward by a she act of will. TWO TEAMS set up ladders against the cliff face. Immediately, two men with ropes climb to the top of the ladders and toss their grappling hooks onto the lip of th Ridge, trying to grab a secure hold. Surprisingly there is little enemy resistance--only some sniping and a few knee mortar rounds. One soldier goes do Desmond hurries towards the wounded soldier when a mortar round lands nearby on the rocks. A handful of razor-sharp shards of limestone smack Desmond in the right side, spin him around, and knocking him down to the ground! Desmond’s hand and face are bleeding. He looks in wonder his own blood - half terrified at how close the shell was half delighted at the modest nature of his injury. Desmond wipes the blood off on his own shirt, and plunges back towards the line. The soldiers swarm up the cliff face and finally onto the of the Ridge which is revealed to be a small plateau. 3.4.13 62.
69) 0) text: Desmond hauls himself up the last few feet of rope and onto...
70) 0) text: The edge here is maybe fifteen feet wide and two to six f deep. Dotted with boulders and stumps of shattered trees, rises up towards the plateau in a small BERM. This tiny protected area is all the shelter the plateau offers. Captain Glover and the rest of the men are huddled behind berm, peering cautiously over the edge. Desmond reaches them just as Glover gives the signal to m forward across the berm and onto...
71) 0) text: The plateau, seemingly open, is actually crisscrossed by numerous cunningly hidden small RAVINES and GULLIES, and still smoking from the pre-assault bombardment. There are Japanese forces or defensive structures visible. That doesn’t mean they aren’t there. As Glover and his men mov out into the open, all hell breaks loose. HEAVY MACHINE GUN FIRE from three cleverly camouflaged positions rakes the top of the plateau. Simultaneously, there is a shower of HAND GRENADES from individual Japanese Soldiers hidden in natural folds and made trenches in the ground, or popping out of camouflage “Spider Holes.” Japanese KNEE MORTARS, 81 MM MORTARS, and even 47 MM guns launched from positions hidden in the rear of the Ridge - “Reverse Slope” - fall among the Americans with devastati results. The Company responds with their own grenades, carbines, a BAR but the enemy is so well hidden it’s hard to find a target. Immediately, the Company starts taking casualties In front of Desmond, a SOLDIER takes the full blast from Japanese mortar shell and is tossed up into the air and backwards, slamming into the ground. Desmond launches himself over the berm and runs to the do man, ignoring the firing and explosions all around him. T man has lost both his legs from the knees down. 3.4.13 63. Schecter runs past Desmond and glances down at the wounde soldier. He shakes his head.
71) 3) dialog: I’m not going anywhere! What’s your name? Desmond quickly injects the soldier with morphine and tie tourniquet around the stumps of his legs.
71) 5) dialog: Where you from, Private Stevens?
71) 7) dialog: That's near Niagara Falls, right? Always wanted to see that. OK, I’ve got to get you off of here. Arms around my neck; hold on now! Desmond picks up the Wounded Soldier and carries him to t cliff edge. Desmond looks down. It’s seventy feet straight down. It didn’t seem so far climbing up but it looks like the bottom of the Grand Can from here. Desmond wraps a bandage around his right hand and grabs o of the climbing ropes, while he simultaneously tries to secure the soldier with his left hand. Suddenly, there is an ear-splitting ROAR, like a freight train approaching, moving down towards him. Desmond looks to see... 3.4.13 64. A huge JAPANESE SPIGOT MORTAR SHELL, the size of a garbag can, stuffed with twenty pounds of high explosives, arcin down directly towards him. Desmond looks around in terror. To jump from the cliff wo kill both him and his patient. Desmond pushes the Wounded Soldier down and covers him with his own body... The shell passes within six inches of Desmond and lands a the base of the cliff - and fails to go off! Desmond shudders with relief. Shakily, Desmond secures the wounded Soldier, grabs the r with his one free hand, and using his feet to slow his descent, jumps off the cliff and slides down the rope. Desmond can’t control their motion very well and the rope begins to swing, throwing them into the cliff face. Desmo tries to put himself between the rock and the wounded Soldier.
72) 0) text: Bruised and battered, Desmond reaches the bottom; terra f never felt so good. The Spigot Mortar Shell that missed t is sticking out of the mud - somehow it had landed on its back and thus failed to explode. Desmond has to steady himself at the thought of how close he came to dying but has a job to do: DESMOND (cont'd)
74) 0) text: As Japanese mortars sporadically lay down harassment fire Desmond crouches in his foxhole looking through his K Rat packages for his dinner options: “Ham and Egg”, “Beef”, “ and Cheese.” All meat. Resigned to going hungry, he pulls the single hardtack cracker out of his kit and munches on slowly, washing it down with water from his canteen. Smitty comes sprinting over and jumps into Desmond’s foxh Desmond is surprised, but pleased at his company. For his part, Smitty is trying to put on a good face but clearly, he’s unnerved by their first combat experience.
74) 1) dialog: Hey.
74) 3) dialog: Camouflage, I guess.
74) 5) dialog: Praying.
74) 7) dialog: Don’t need church to pray. Don’t need anything. It’s just...you talking to God.
74) 9) dialog: Not like this. More just a feeling of being heard. Safe.
74) 11) dialog: smitty...
75) 4) dialog: I’1l go. A moment, as the men take this in. Then Smitty raises his hand, followed by Sgt. Jones. 3.4.13 68.
76) 0) text: Desmond, Smitty, and Jones wait in the relative security the foot of the cliff. Each man ties a rope to his waist, the end of which is secured to one end of two cargo nets lashed together. Finished, the men pick up their climbing ropes with the grappling hooks. They’re ready. Glover notices a COMBAT PRESS team approaching.
77) 0) text: Being sure to keep his head down beneath the height of th berm, Desmond quickly removes the rope from his waist and loops it around a thick tree stump. Lying back on the ground, feet braced against the stump, Desmond pulls with all his might to hoist the cargo net u the cliff face. By this time, both Smitty and Jones are o either side of him, pulling up their loads. From below, Desmond can hear Glover call: 3.4.13 69.
78) 6) dialog: (uncomfortable) No, sir.
79) 0) text: Beneath the overhang, every man in Company B has assemble for the assault. Above them, Army mortars are continuousl blasting the top of the ridge. Titles: Second Assault on Hacksaw Ridge. Glover gestures unenthusiastically to Desmond who removes helmet and kneels, as do Tex and some of the other men. Smitty hangs back but he watches everything closely. Desmond himself is nervous; this is not something he want do, or is comfortable with.
79) 1) dialog: Lord. We pray - that you give our officers here, especially Captain Glover, wisdom in knowing how to give his orders because our lives are in his charge. Give us wisdom and the...the help we need in taking all the precautions we can, and if it be Your Will, we all come back alive. Amen. Desmond looks around. To his surprise, all the men seem focused in their prayers. Several of them echo his “Amen” with unusual conviction. Glover looks around at his Compa and nods. For better or worse - it’s time.
80) 0) text: Careful to stay below the berm, they crawl on their hands knees and spread out along the edge of the cliff in good order. Desmond watches as Captain Glover quietly signals over th radio to the mortar teams below. Almost immediately, the Mortar barrage stops. That’s the signal for Company B to attack. As one, the me throw grenades over the berm and then rise up and begin a concentrated FIRE across the plateau. Smitty focuses his BAR on the MAIN BUNKER while... The DEMO MAN crawls out onto the plateau, beneath the bul of his own men, carrying a twenty pound satchel charge of dynamite. When he is within ten feet of the Main Bunker, pulls the fuse and throws his satchel on top of the bunke There is a tremendous EXPLOSION, blowing a hole in the Bu roof. As the men are waiting for the dust to clear-- A SNIPER SHOT hits Schecter in the leg. He yells once and falls. Immediately, Desmond kneels beside him.
80) 2) dialog: Million dollar wound, Irv. You're going home. Desmond starts to give Schecter a morphine injection.
81) 0) text: Desmond climbs down the cargo net to find a group of his fellow soldiers waiting for him. The men smile at him and pat and touch his shoulder affectionately.
82) 0) text: The usual chaos as overworked doctors and nurses tend to newly wounded. Desmond glances around and grabs a passing surgeon.
82) 1) dialog: What happened to Schecter--medic in company B? He came in just as we started the assault. The Surgeon looks at Desmond and shakes his head. DESMOND (cont'd) (stunned) He wasn’t hurt that bad! 3.4.13 73.
82) 3) dialog: He didn’t want any. The surgeon moves on, hurried. Desmond is devastated, gui ridden for letting his friend die in pain.
84) 3) dialog: It wasn’t me; I didn’t do anything.
84) 5) dialog: He’s not a-- a faucet you turn off and on. He doesn’t come running when I whistle, it doesn’t work that way.
84) 7) dialog: (very quietly) Irv died.
84) 9) dialog: I screwed up. 3.4.13 75.
86) 6) dialog: You hear something? Smitty shakes his head but he lifts his gun. Both men lea forward but the darkness is impenetrable.
87) 0) text: Desmond wakes up in a cold sweat; his heart pounding. He back in his foxhole on top of the Ridge at night. Smitty sits across from him, smoking a cigarette and carefully cupping the burning ember so as not to give away their position. Desmond breathes deeply. Shudders.
87) 2) dialog: Yes, it will. Desmond takes a breath. DESMOND (cont'd) My dad was a drunk. He fought it for years but it got ahold of him hard. Made him mean. Desmond pauses. And Smitty knows he’s hearing a raw story
87) 4) dialog: He use to beat me and my brother just because the sun rose and about as often. I could take that. But when he laid his hand on my momma...
88) 0) text: Bertha sits on the front step, SOBBING, one hand to her bloodied face. Eight year old Desmond huddles beside her, protectively, one arm around her shoulder. In the yard, Tom argues violently with Bertha’s brother, UNCLE ARTHUR. Both men are drunk and angry. 3.4.13 78.
88) 6) dialog: Momma ! Tom’s hand is shaking but he continues to hold the gun ou front of him - now pointed directly at Bertha. She moves towards Tom, her eyes never leaving his face.
89) 2) dialog: That’s what I told my momma.
89) 4) dialog: Hid it. In the woods.
90) 0) text: Desmond returns back to the house just as the POLICE load handcuffed father into a police car in front of gawking neighbors. Bertha is weeping, hugging Tom, but he ignores her. Over shoulder, Tom can see Desmond, watching his father’s publ shame - and he glares maliciously at his son.
90) 1) dialog: Because I was going to need it to kill my daddy.
92) 0) text: Inside the bathroom, Tom brutally whips Desmond with his razor strop.
93) 0) text: Finally released, Desmond runs through the woods, the tea drying on his fierce face, his eyes blazing. He reaches an old gnarled Oak Tree and falls to his knees He digs inside a hollow in the roots and extracts a weath cigar box and reaches inside to pull out - his father’s g Desmond examines the gun in the fading light. The weight it feels good in his hands. The intricacies of the mechan itself are appealing. And in its power to distribute Justice, in its God-like power of life and death - it is beautiful thing.
94) 0) text: Desmond enters his house and moves up the stairs. He stop on the landing. From his parents’ room he can hear their voices. Desmond pushes open the door to... INT. DOSS HOUSE - PARENTS’ BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS His mother sits at her vanity table, brushing her hair. T paces back and forth behind Bertha, berating her.
95) 2) dialog: I could’ve. God knows I wanted to. I wanted to kill him for everything he ever did my momma, and my brother, and to me! Then, although it takes everything Desmond has, he turns around and walks away.
96) 0) text: Desmond stares at the dark waters rolling past. He throws the gun into the river as far as he can.
96) 1) dialog: But I didn’t. And that’s when I made a promise to God I’d never touch a gun again.
97) 1) dialog: It isn’t because I’m more holy than the next guy. It isn’t because I I’m any better. Just the opposite. 3.4.13 82.
99) 0) text: Despite the horror and chaos, those American Soldiers who make it back to the cliff try to set up a perimeter behin the berm and return fire so that the rest of their comrad can get off of Hacksaw. 3.4.13 84. As Desmond approaches the cliff edge, Grease frantically waves him to drop down.
100) 0) text: Desmond finds a Soldier with a sucking chest wound. Desmo peels away the man’s bloody uniform blouse and applies a battle dressing but the strength of the panicked soldier' desperate gasps for air threaten to pull the dressing fur into the wound. 3.4.13 85. Thinking quickly, Desmond pulls out his poncho and rips o square of plastic from the tail. Desmond puts the plastic patch over the wound to seal it, and then finishes it off with the bandage. It holds. Desmond grabs the Soldier by the collar of his shirt and drags him back to...
101) 0) text: What remains of Company B’s makeshift Rear Guard is throw grenades as fast as they can out of open crates hand-carr to the top. Two STRETCHER BEARERS grab Desmond’s wounded soldier and start down the cargo net with him. To their surprise, Desmond doesn’t follow.
101) 3) dialog: 
102) 0) text: The sun is at a low angle now, throwing long shadows acro the top of the plateau which is clouded with smoke and du creating a surreal world of shadows in which it is imposs to determine friend from foe until you are almost on them Desmond manages to creep from spot to spot, relatively unseen. Japanese Mortar Fire still falls erratically, along with individual sniping. Desmond finds another Soldier moaning the ground, his right arm mangled. Desmond applies a tourniquet and starts to drag the man back. As he passes another Wounded Soldier, the man cries out and tries to clutch his sleeve.
102) 2) dialog: I’m comin’ back.
104) 0) text: Desmond drags the wounded Soldier back to the lip. He loo over the edge. If he climbs down with each casualty it wi take twice as long, he’ll exhaust himself quickly, and ot men will die who might have been saved. Making a quick decision, Desmond grabs one of the ropes hanging over the cliff edge and pulls it up. He doubles t rope and ties a bowline in it - just like he did that day basic training--a secure knot with TWO LOOPS. Desmond secures the wounded man’s legs, one into each loo wraps the remaining rope around the man’s chest twice and then, bracing himself against a rock, slowly lowers the m down to...
106) 0) text: Desmond spots THREE WOUNDED AMERICAN SOLDIERS lying in th lee of a small group of rocks which are barely keeping th alive, covered as they are by overlapping lines of fire f multiple Japanese positions. Desmond crawls towards the soldiers, trying to use a shal depression in the terrain to get close, but a BURST of fi from a Japanese machine gun pins him down. Desmond tries to catch his breath, wipe the sweat out of eyes, and regain his courage. He moves again towards the soldiers, and again a burst of machine gun explodes around him, even closer now, shatter the tip of the stones which barely cover him, and cutting with razor-sharp shards of shattered limestone. 3.4.13 88. Desmond is momentarily paralyzed with fear. He knows if h waits any longer, he will lose what little courage he has left. He carefully reaches behind and yanks out his tatte poncho. Desmond rolls over on his back and waves his poncho over top of the rocks, drawing a characteristic 6-8 round burs fire from the Jap machine gun. Then he hears it stop-- THE JAPANESE MACHINE GUNNERS must stop firing and reload. As they reload, Desmond jumps to his feet and sprints aro the side of the rocks, grabs one of the wounded soldiers, drags him quickly towards the cliff’s edge.
108) 0) text: Desmond crawls on his hands and knees to a new position behind a small limestone outcropping. Sprawled on the gro beside him are the bodies of four dead Japanese soldiers, killed by a mortar blast. Desmond is only fifteen yards away from the remaining two wounded American soldiers but they are still closely cove by two Japanese machine guns. 3.4.13 89.
109) 0) text: A member of one of the machine gun units spots Desmond an excitedly waves to his partner who rachets back the retur his weapon and sprays Desmond's position with a quick bur Desmond hugs the ground with everything he has. The bulle whistle over his head, inches away.
110) 0) text: Simultaneously, from inside one of the Japanese undergrou firing positions hand carved out of the limestone, a JAPA SNIPER also glimpses Desmond. He carefully slides into position, his rifle poking out of a six inch wide gun por The magnified cross-hairs of his sniper scope slide over rocks until they settle on Desmond's head. Desmond ducks down. The sniper takes a breath. Only a matter of time before Desmond raises his head again.
111) 0) text: Desmond, still focused on the machine gun position (and oblivious to the sniper now stalking him) racks his brain trying to think of a way to get to the two wounded men. He glances at one of the dead Japanese soldiers beside hi and an idea forms. Desmond takes off his helmet and rips the tape hiding the Red Cross symbol. He straps his helme on the dead Japanese Soldier and then very carefully push the dead man forward so that his head and trunk appear ab the rock outcropping. A single shot rings out - the sniper strikes Desmond’s he dead center. Desmond hadn’t expected that - the sniper - he has the presence of mind to fling the dead soldier out from behind the rocks, to the side away from his American wounded. Both Jap machine gun emplacements rake the corps Simultaneously, Desmond rolls out the other side, rises t his feet and sprints like crazy while the machine gun tea reload. Desmond swoops down, grabs the second American soldier by the collar, and drags him off. 3.4.13 90.
112) 0) text: The SNIPER realizes he’s been tricked but by the time he put another round into the chamber and get his sights on Desmond, the American has disappeared. The Sniper curses blue streak in Japanese, and then moves to find a better vantage point. The Sniper half runs, half crawls, through a SERIES OF TUNNELS until he reaches...
114) 0) text: Desmond moves as fast as he can, darting from rock to roc dragging his wounded soldier behind him. He’s only ten ya away from the edge of the cliff.
115) 0) text: The Sniper smiles as Desmond comes right into his sights. slowly squeezes the trigger and - the gun jams! Furious, works the rifle bolt to eject the offending shell but whe peeks again through the hole...Desmond is gone again.
117) 0) text: Desmond has returned to get the third soldier. He's deliberately approached him from yet another direction bu even from here, the wounded man is still well covered by two Japanese machine gun emplacements. Desmond inches his way through a field of American and Japanese corpses when one of the Japanese dead moans. Desmond stops and glances over at the Japanese soldier. T man has been shot in the shoulder but he’s not bleeding badly. Left alone, he will surely die but if bandaged, he might survive. Desmond hesitates - then begins to crawl a towards his intended goal, the wounded American. The Japanese soldier moans again. Desmond stops. He can’t let him die. Desmond moves back alongside the Japanese soldier and begins to dress his shoulder wound.
118) 0) text: The Japanese Sniper moves from one shooting port to the n searching for Desmond. He stops. Smiles. He puts his gun up to the port and wipes the sweat off his face and then screws his eye to the sniper scope.
118) 1) text: The cross-hairs move across the landscape...and find Desm The cross-hairs start up toward Desmond’s forehead, but something he glimpsed confuses the sniper; he moves the crosshairs down to the wounded soldier Desmond is tending and his Japanese insignia comes into clear focus. The sniper recoils in astonishment. For a moment, he is bewildered. He puts his eye back to the scope.
119) 0) text: Desmond wipes the Japanese soldier’s bullet wound with alcohol and sprinkles sulfa powder over it; he knows he’s exposed here and he’s working as quickly as he can. Every second could be his last. 3.4.13 92.
121) 0) text: Desmond is oblivious to the fate of the sniper as mortar shells are now falling thick and fast all over the platea Knowing that any Japanese in the area are as much at risk from these random rounds as he is, Desmond makes a calcul decision to go for it. He rises to his feet and sprints t the third wounded American. Desmond reaches him and pulls him up to his feet, drapes man’s left arm around his own neck, and begins to stagger towards the ridge. 3.4.13 93.
122) 0) text: Desmond has roped up the third man and just lowered him d to safety. Desmond crouches there on his hands and knees, shaking with exhaustion. Behind him, in the distance, he hears another American vo calling for help. Desmond closes his eyes.
122) 1) dialog: (quietly) Just one more. Please.
122) 2) text: A SERIES OF SHOTS as the sun moves overhead across the sk and Desmond moves across the plateau, saving one life at time, dragging/carrying each soldier to the edge of the cliff, roping him up and lowering him down to safety.
122) 3) dialog: Let me get one more...
123) 0) text: Glover, Hollywood, Chief, Tex and dozens of soldiers from other companies watch silently as Desmond lowers one last down from Hacksaw Ridge...but this one is already dead... We see this last man’s face...it’s Smitty. As the body slowly descends, we realize Desmond’s last act was to retrieve Smitty’s body. And with that, Desmond finally leaves Hacksaw Ridge. Slow painfully, he climbs down the rope alone. When Desmond reaches the bottom, he fights not to collaps into the arms of the men waiting at the base of the cliff His uniform is completely soaked with blood and mud, and flies swarm around him but he’s too tired to bat them awa with his torn and bleeding hands. The men stare at him li he’s a ghost as Desmond glances down at his uniform, straining to move his head to look up again. Captain Glover is one of them.
123) 4) dialog: (barely audible) Sorry.
123) 6) dialog: I think...
124) 0) text: Everyone has heard about Desmond’s heroics. The surgeons, stretcher teams, and nurses all watch silently as Desmond changes his bloody uniform for a replacement uniform - a washed and bleached uniform of a dead soldier. Carefully, he removes his pocket Bible, taking a moment t try and wipe off the blood that stains its front cover. Something on the blouse he’s about to put on catches his The lettering is faded but it looks like..."Schecter."” For just a moment, everything swims in front of his eyes. EXT. DESMOND’S FOXHOLE, BELOW THE RIDGE - NIGHT Raining. Along with the usual sporadic Japanese mortar fi Desmond sits - alone - in the dugout he once shared with Smitty. Tex scurries up out of the dark. He puts a can of rations down in front of Desmond.
124) 1) dialog: What’s this? JOSH “TEX” ROYAL (quietly) Peaches. Never liked’em all that much. Tex leaves. A moment later, Hollywood comes over and sets down another rare can of non-meat K rations. 3.4.13 95.
126) 0) text: Desmond sits behind the shelter of a stone Okinawan tomb, reading his Bible when to his surprise Captain Glover appears. Glover squats down beside Desmond; looks out ove the countryside as the first sliver of sunlight illuminat the landscape.
126) 2) dialog: You catch a whiff of pine sometimes, almost makes me homesick.
126) 4) dialog: Sir, if you could give me...just a few minutes. 3.4.13 97.
130) 0) text: On his knees, Dorothy’s Bible in his hands. The strain an horror of the last ten days is etched in his face. Haltingly, Desmond tries to work this out with his God.
130) 1) dialog: (quietly) I’ve done my best to...to be faithful to you, and the promises I made. I gotta...break one of those promises now and I’m asking your forgiveness. It may be a wrong thing but I can’t let my men go up there alone. And if that is a sin then I take it on my heart, alone. Amen. Chief nudges Hollywood and points to where Desmond Doss i walking towards them.
131) 0) text: Captain Glover sees Desmond coming, rejoining the line.
132) 0) text: Above them, the bombardment suddenly stops. The SILENCE i deafening. Every man left in Company B - including Desmon is ready. On their faces, each and every one, is a fierce look of quiet determination. Captain Glover looks to Desmond. Desmond nods.
132) 1) dialog: (quietly) Let's go. Glover leads his men climbing up the cargo nets. Desmond follows behind.
135) 0) text: Desmond follows Tex, Chief, and Hollywood as they continu secure the southern flank of the Ridge. Suddenly, to their left, a JAPANESE SOLDIER rises from hi spider hole, pistol in one hand and grenade in the other. empties his pistol wildly but all three men get rounds of reply, dropping the Japanese Soldier to his knees with sh to the chest and head but... ...-As he collapses, he throws the HAND GRENADE. The hand grenade comes arcing towards the Americans. Desmond PUSHES his fellow soldiers out of the way but the no escape for himself. The grenade lands directly in front of Desmond. He throws himself backwards and simultaneously tries to kick the grenade away... The grenade EXPLODES with a shower of dirt, rocks, and bl Desmond SCREAMS with pain. He looks down at his leg - it’ ragged and covered with blood. Desmond rolls over onto hi back.
136) 0) text: The men don’t hesitate. Carrying their wounded friend, th scramble down the nets and jury-rigged ladders, their constant attention only on Desmond...
137) 0) text: Glover directs the men to carry Desmond to a waiting fiel ambulance. The TWO MEDICS there hastily load Desmond into the truck and begin prepping him for an IV. Glover leans over Desmond; Tex, Chief and Hollywood press close, anxiously. Desmond looks like hell. The color is completely drained of his face and he’s beginning to shake. Glover holds his hand. One of the Medics injects Desmond with morphine.
137) 2) dialog: (almost inaudible) .-+-my bible.
138) 0) text: Desmond wakes. He tries to sit up but discovers his right arm and left leg are in a cast and the entire right side his body is covered with bandages. The pain and medicatio leave him feeling woozy and disoriented. He looks around.
138) 1) text: A MAN in unbelievably filthy fatigues is standing beside bed, looking at him. Desmond manages to get his eyes to FOCUS and the man gradually swims into view - Captain Glo 3.4.13 103.
139) 0) text: Desmond, in his dress uniform, rides along a two-lane roa lost in thought.
140) 0) text: Tom Doss stands out in the yard, clutching a liquor bottl conflicted. He brings the bottle up but instead of drinki from it, he tosses it as hard as he can. 3.4.13 104. Tom starts to turn away but then reconsiders. He walks toward where he threw the bottle, and as he reaches down pick it up, he notices the rock with Desmond’s note. He picks up the bottle and then the rock. As he stands readi the note, his eyes tear up. He turns the bottle upside do and pours it out. EXT. DOROTHY’S HOUSE - NIGHT A DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CAR pulls up to Dorothy’s house, brakes squealing as it does. Fear freezes Dorothy immediately-- but it’s Desmond she sees limping out of th car. She runs to him and throws her arms around him. We s them both slowly kiss as the screen fades to black.