10) 0) text: Desmond waits his turn. Fascinated by all things medical, can’t help but poke around in the shelves and cabinets. T door behind him opens and Desmond whirls around, embarras to be caught snooping. He’s even more embarrassed as sees his attendant is an attractive nurse, DOROTHY SHUTTE, early 20's.
10) 1) dialog: Anything in particular you're looking for?
10) 3) dialog: You ever given blood before, Mr...? Dorothy consults her clipboard.
10) 5) dialog: Just lie back here. Desmond has no idea what to do--it’s his first time on a hospital table. Dorothy is patient and kind, sensing his country boy innocence. Desmond watches EVERY DETAIL as she rolls back his sleeve dips a cotton ball in alcohol and wipes the crook of his elbow with it. For Desmond, it’s almost romantic. Then she wraps and elastic tourniquet around his bicep, a slips an IV needle into his vein. She notices that it makes him a little pale and queasy; s smiles gently. DOROTHY (cont'd) You might be a little dizzy when we're done. Is somebody picking you up?
10) 7) dialog: Where do you live?
10) 9) dialog: That’s a ways.
10) 11) dialog: You must like the woods.
10) 13) dialog: Well I have to tell you, Mr. Doss. For somebody to walk ten or twelve miles, to give blood to strangers... I wish everybody was like you.
10) 15) dialog: You don’t have to call me ‘mam. It’s Dorothy.
10) 17) dialog: You’1l be done in a minute. We have cookies and Kool-Aid. Help restore your blood sugar.
13) 0) text: Dorothy is working at her station when she looks up to se Desmond standing there.
13) 1) dialog: Desmond?
13) 3) dialog: The church announcements worked really well! We got more than enough.
13) 5) dialog: You what?
13) 7) dialog: But...we can’t just give it back to you. 3.4.13 12.
13) 9) dialog: Is that a pick up line?
14) 0) text: A movie plays on the screen as Desmond and Dorothy make t way to their seats, obviously late. As they sit, Dorothy starts to watch the movie. Desmond can’t help but admire beauty. He sits awkwardly, trying to find a way to connec with her. He tries to stretch and put his arm around her, but when looks at him he fumbles a bit to try and recover. She sim smiles and takes a sip of her cola. Desmond sits in silen again and then tries to have his hand brush up against he As he does this, Dorothy preempts him and holds his hand. For that moment, neither of them are watching the movie. Instead they are both looking into each other's eyes. Desmond slowly leans in and they share their first kiss. Our music rises into a MONTAGE of Desmond and Dorothy’s growing love:
15) 0) text: Desmond and Dorothy hike through the park and look out ac the landscape.
16) 0) text: Desmond gets onto an old rope swing just after Dorothy ge off. As Dorothy begins swinging him; she sees Desmond not a pretty girl walking past. Frustrated, she tugs the rope sideways and Desmond swings into the tree... Dorothy stalks away after Desmond’s crash, but he gets up catches her and explains something we don't hear but understand. Dorothy softens and smiles... 3.4.13 13.
17) 0) text: Desmond and Dorothy chat furiously across the table, bare having time to take bites of their food. Something Desmon says cracks Dorothy up.
18) 0) text: Dorothy opens her locker to find an orange and a note fro Desmond. Her look of confusion on finding the orange turn to a smile as she reads the note.
20) 0) text: A glorious late Fall day with just a bit of color lingeri on the trees. Desmond and Dorothy are walking with other tourists, gazing up at Natural Bridge.
20) 2) dialog: Seems like a waste of a dollar to me.
20) 4) dialog: So, you’re gonna be a man of means, Mr. Doss?
20) 6) dialog: Desmond... She doesn’t even need to finish her thought; Desmond has already started to pull over.
21) 0) text: Desmond and Dorothy join the crowd that has gathered at t coffee shop, just within earshot of the door. Everyone lo nervously at the radio inside, listening to President Roosevelt.
25) 0) text: The platform is crowded with young men - recruits - being sent off by family, friends, wives, and girlfriends. Desm and Dorothy are embracing. The waiting train sounds a shr whistle - time to get aboard. 3.4.13 18.
25) 1) dialog: Are you sure...this is right? It’s what you’re really meant to do?
25) 3) dialog: (trying not to cry) I know.
25) 5) dialog: Yes.
25) 7) dialog: Yes, I do, and the answer is, yes. I do. They kiss. Dot pulls out a small pocket NEW TESTAMENT and hands it to Desmond. DOROTHY (cont'd) You keep this with you, all the time. Promise? Desmond nods and tucks it away carefully in his shirt poc The train blows a second, final whistle and starts to slo pull out.
25) 9) dialog: Soon as you get leave. Let me know. Desmond jumps onto the steps of the moving train. Dorothy walks alongside, reluctant to let go of his hand.
48) 0) text: A bare cell - a cot, a sink, a toilet. Desmond sits on th cot, reading the Bible Dorothy gave him. Desmond looks at his wrist watch: five minutes past six.
49) 0) text: Dorothy stands at the altar in her wedding gown, her pare beside her. Next to them are Desmond’s parents. A tableau embarrassment and concern.
49) 2) dialog: I think this is long enough. The Minister whispers to Dorothy.
49) 4) dialog: I’m sure there’s a reason he’s not here. We’ll call you on Monday to reschedule.
51) 13) text: A GUARD unlocks the door. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) Your hearing is tomorrow morning. If I can’t change your mind, maybe she can. Glover leaves. Desmond rises, afraid to hope, but it’s tr Dorothy enters the cell. Desmond and Dorothy eye each oth unsure of how the other will react. Dorothy moves into hi arms.
51) 15) dialog: What’d they do to you? Dorothy sits on the cot; Desmond sits close beside her, taking his swollen hands in hers.
51) 17) dialog: They say you could go to prison, Desmond. Leavenworth. For a long, long time. Desmond is nervous but tries not to show it.
51) 19) dialog: But you don’t know it, do you?
51) 21) dialog: You tried, Desmond; nobody can say you didn’t. Just say whatever they want you to say and come home! There’s plenty of things you can do for the war effort at home.
51) 23) dialog: This is just pride, Desmond! Pride and stubbornness! Don’t confuse your will with the Lord’s!
54) 1) dialog: Did you get it?! Tom hands her an envelope.
54) 3) dialog: You're coming aren’t you? A flash of pain crosses Tom’s eyes.
54) 5) dialog: But it wasn’t.
54) 7) dialog: Mr. Doss... When Desmond and I Marry, you’ll be my father too. And I'm telling you: he’d want to know this...from you. A flash of pain shoots across Tom's face.
55) 0) text: A conference room has been hastily transformed into a courtroom. The JUDGE, a JAG Officer, sits at the far end behind a table on a raised dais. Desmond sits at a table with his lawyer, Captain Daniels. The Prosecutor sits at nearby table next to Colonel Cunningham and Captain Glove Cunningham looks very pleased. Glover, on the other hand, oddly subdued. MP’s flank the doors. There are a handful chairs in the back - empty. Desmond looks around in vain Dorothy, but she is not there. Nobody is there for him.
56) 0) text: Desmond lies in bed, absently toying with the WEDDING RIN that now graces his left hand. 3.4.13 51. Dorothy turns off the light in the bathroom and climbs in bed, wearing a nightgown and her own ring. They hold each other a moment and savor the look in each other’s eyes.
56) 1) dialog: Now, I haven't changed my mind about what you’re doing and I don’t want you to go. But I love you and if you really think this is what you’re meant to do, then that’s the way it is. Only...
56) 3) dialog: You don’t come home to me and I’11 make you sorry you were ever born. Dorothy tries to smile but her tears betray her and then Desmond’s mouth is kissing her and they are lost in each other.
130) 0) text: On his knees, Dorothy’s Bible in his hands. The strain an horror of the last ten days is etched in his face. Haltingly, Desmond tries to work this out with his God.
140) 0) text: Tom Doss stands out in the yard, clutching a liquor bottl conflicted. He brings the bottle up but instead of drinki from it, he tosses it as hard as he can. 3.4.13 104. Tom starts to turn away but then reconsiders. He walks toward where he threw the bottle, and as he reaches down pick it up, he notices the rock with Desmond’s note. He picks up the bottle and then the rock. As he stands readi the note, his eyes tear up. He turns the bottle upside do and pours it out. EXT. DOROTHY’S HOUSE - NIGHT A DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CAR pulls up to Dorothy’s house, brakes squealing as it does. Fear freezes Dorothy immediately-- but it’s Desmond she sees limping out of th car. She runs to him and throws her arms around him. We s them both slowly kiss as the screen fades to black.