29) 0) text: Desmond enters his new housing. The barracks are stifling even with all the windows open. There are a dozen other RECRUITS here, all men older then you might expect - the average age is close to 32. Most of Desmond's platoon hav been here for days already and the men glance at their ne comrade with casual interest. 3.4.13 21. SMITTY, a burly dockworker, is playing a knife game - “stretch” - against “GREASE” NOLAN, another Brooklyn nati and auto mechanic. Smitty balances the knife with an ease suggesting intimate familiarity and expertly throws it in the floor, 30 inches from Grease’s right foot. Grease groans. He has to spread his legs even wider to try and reach the knife. Try as he might, Grease just can’t make it.
29) 1) dialog: Shoot! You’re up, Kirzinski. Grease moves over and another man, KIRZINKSI, takes his place. Grease sidles up to Desmond and extends his hand. GREASE (cont'd) Grease Nolan outta Red Hook. Where you from?
29) 3) dialog: Hillbilly, huh? That’s Smitty there, whipping Kirzinski’s ass.
29) 6) dialog: Think we got an empty bunk back here. Grease pauses near the corner where a group of men are intently playing craps. MILT “HOLLYWOOD” ZANE, a professional gambler from Los Angeles, rolls the dice - sevens - and scoops up the pot. 3.4.13 22.
29) 9) dialog: Not as dumb as you look! That’s Hollywood Zane. Scott Drucker there’s a genuine Mohawk from upstate New York. Say something in Indian, Chief. “CHIEF” Drucker looks at Grease with undisguised contempt
29) 11) dialog: That’s Tex over there and Vito Rinnelli. Here, I don’t think anybody's using this bunk. The barracks’ door opens and Sgt. Howell bursts in. Smitt leaps to attention and yells out.
33) 12) dialog: Look out, Smitty! He’s getting hot!
39) 0) text: Desmond stands in the crowded, smoky kitchen, washing an endless stack of dirty dishes. His hands are raw from the hot water and bleach. Through the window, he can see Smitty, Grease, Chief, and laughing and rough-housing with one another as they head of camp on a 24 hour pass. Smitty and Grease glance back at Doss, silhouetted in the mess hall window.
39) 1) dialog: What a weirdo, huh? Complete fruitcake!
44) 0) text: Desmond is showering, as he does all things now, alone. Smitty, Grease, and Chief enter. Just as Desmond turns to face them, Smitty punches Desmond in the face, knocking h to the floor. The other men close in around him and begin kicking and punching. Desmond curls up and tries to prote himself but he doesn’t fight back.
46) 2) dialog: No, sir.
57) 9) dialog: How long were they on the line?
99) 0) text: Despite the horror and chaos, those American Soldiers who make it back to the cliff try to set up a perimeter behin the berm and return fire so that the rest of their comrad can get off of Hacksaw. 3.4.13 84. As Desmond approaches the cliff edge, Grease frantically waves him to drop down.
99) 1) dialog: Get down! DOWN! Desmond glances over his shoulder to see THREE JAPANESE SOLDIERS, bayonets fixed on their rifles, racing towards Desmond sprawls on the ground and Grease fires, killing t of the Japanese and wounding the Third Soldier - who stag past Desmond and STABS Grease in the gut. Grease drops his rifle and SCREAMS. He wraps his arms aro his assailant and frantic, staggers backwards and falls.. .»..over the edge of the cliff, screaming horribly all th down. Desmond drags Smitty’s body to the edge of the cliff wher insane scramble of men are trying to get down the cargo n ropes, and ladders. Soldiers drop or throw their weapons away. Some, desperate to the point of madness, JUMP OFF t cliff. A burst of MACHINE GUN fire kills Rennelli, not five feet from Desmond. Desmond is swept up in the confusion and terror; men are falling so fast he doesn’t know where to turn. He looks D THE CARGO NET--offerring him escape... Desmond glances back toward the retreating Americans. Any man who can still move on his own is running or crawling to the cliff. Behind them, everywhere, there are dead, dying, and wounded American soldiers littering the platea Desmond is covered in sweat, mud, and blood. Shaking with fear and adrenalin. Escape is just a few feet away but - this is what he is here for. He takes a deep, shuddering breath and... .+..Desmond heads back, onto the killing field, passing Captain Glover and the last of the rear guard as he does