29) 7) dialog: Seven is heaven! Come to daddy! (glancing at Desmond) Fresh blood! Care to sit in?
32) 6) dialog: Not a meat eater! From one man to the next, the word gets passed until it reaches Smitty. Smitty looks at Desmond, at a complete lo for words. Desmond smiles.
57) 7) dialog: Who’s that?
63) 3) dialog: Is that...? It’s not a stream, it’s blood! 3.4.13 59.
116) 0) text: What’s left of Company B has fallen back to a position of relative safety behind the Command Post. The men are ina state of shock. Some, like Tex and Hollywood, just sit an stare into space, lit cigarettes dangling uselessly from their trembling fingers. Others weep shamelessly. Chief r up and crouches down beside Tex and Hollywood.
116) 3) dialog: Wait. On Hacksaw? 3.4.13 91. Chief nods. The three men look at one another. They rise stiffly to their feet and head back towards Hacksaw Ridge
123) 0) text: Glover, Hollywood, Chief, Tex and dozens of soldiers from other companies watch silently as Desmond lowers one last down from Hacksaw Ridge...but this one is already dead... We see this last man’s face...it’s Smitty. As the body slowly descends, we realize Desmond’s last act was to retrieve Smitty’s body. And with that, Desmond finally leaves Hacksaw Ridge. Slow painfully, he climbs down the rope alone. When Desmond reaches the bottom, he fights not to collaps into the arms of the men waiting at the base of the cliff His uniform is completely soaked with blood and mud, and flies swarm around him but he’s too tired to bat them awa with his torn and bleeding hands. The men stare at him li he’s a ghost as Desmond glances down at his uniform, straining to move his head to look up again. Captain Glover is one of them.
124) 2) dialog: Here. I’m full. From all over, Company B survivors come up to Desmond, on one, and silently lay cans of non-meat food in front of h and then disappear into the dark. Desmond stares at the p of food.
135) 0) text: Desmond follows Tex, Chief, and Hollywood as they continu secure the southern flank of the Ridge. Suddenly, to their left, a JAPANESE SOLDIER rises from hi spider hole, pistol in one hand and grenade in the other. empties his pistol wildly but all three men get rounds of reply, dropping the Japanese Soldier to his knees with sh to the chest and head but... ...-As he collapses, he throws the HAND GRENADE. The hand grenade comes arcing towards the Americans. Desmond PUSHES his fellow soldiers out of the way but the no escape for himself. The grenade lands directly in front of Desmond. He throws himself backwards and simultaneously tries to kick the grenade away... The grenade EXPLODES with a shower of dirt, rocks, and bl Desmond SCREAMS with pain. He looks down at his leg - it’ ragged and covered with blood. Desmond rolls over onto hi back.
135) 1) dialog: 
137) 0) text: Glover directs the men to carry Desmond to a waiting fiel ambulance. The TWO MEDICS there hastily load Desmond into the truck and begin prepping him for an IV. Glover leans over Desmond; Tex, Chief and Hollywood press close, anxiously. Desmond looks like hell. The color is completely drained of his face and he’s beginning to shake. Glover holds his hand. One of the Medics injects Desmond with morphine.