55) 0) text: A conference room has been hastily transformed into a courtroom. The JUDGE, a JAG Officer, sits at the far end behind a table on a raised dais. Desmond sits at a table with his lawyer, Captain Daniels. The Prosecutor sits at nearby table next to Colonel Cunningham and Captain Glove Cunningham looks very pleased. Glover, on the other hand, oddly subdued. MP’s flank the doors. There are a handful chairs in the back - empty. Desmond looks around in vain Dorothy, but she is not there. Nobody is there for him.
55) 1) dialog: This is a hearing into the matter of Private Desmond Doss. The charge is Disobeying a Direct Order from his Commanding Officer. How says the Defendant? 3.4.13 Captain Daniels rises.
55) 3) dialog: Is that so, Private? A moment. Desmond rises slowly.
55) 5) dialog: You wish to proceed with a Court Martial? Desmond’s lawyer, Captain Daniels, whispers to him--
55) 8) dialog: This is not a game, Private. Your lawyer has acquainted you with all of the possible consequences?
55) 10) dialog: Very well. Do you deny disobeying Colonel Cunningham’s order?
55) 12) dialog: It would seem you leave the court with very limited options. (a moment) Why is it so important to you, given your refusal to even touch a gun, to serve in a combat unit? 48.
55) 15) dialog: While the sentiments expressed are laudable, the facts of the case seem incontestable. I have no choice but to recommend we go forward... The door opens and Dorothy enters. She spots Desmond and rushes past the startled guards to him and his lawyer. Sh hands the envelope to Captain Daniels. JUDGE (cont'd) How did this woman get in here? Guards! 3.4.13 50. The MPs close in. Daniels rises, Dorothy's open envelope his hand.
55) 17) dialog: (reading aloud) “The defendant’s rights as a Conscientious Objector are protected by an Act of Congress and he cannot be compelled to waive those rights. That includes his refusal to bear arms of any kind.” Signed by the War Services Commander, Washington, D.C. A stake through the heart of the charges against Desmopnd The Judge looks over at Cunningham and Glover. JUDGE (cont'd) We could proceed, of course, should the Colonel insist...? Colonel Cunningham rises stiffly.
55) 19) dialog: Then this case is dismissed. Private Doss, you may resume your duties and begin training as a combat medic. As the courtroom clears, Desmond hugs Dorothy.