29) 0) text: Desmond enters his new housing. The barracks are stifling even with all the windows open. There are a dozen other RECRUITS here, all men older then you might expect - the average age is close to 32. Most of Desmond's platoon hav been here for days already and the men glance at their ne comrade with casual interest. 3.4.13 21. SMITTY, a burly dockworker, is playing a knife game - “stretch” - against “GREASE” NOLAN, another Brooklyn nati and auto mechanic. Smitty balances the knife with an ease suggesting intimate familiarity and expertly throws it in the floor, 30 inches from Grease’s right foot. Grease groans. He has to spread his legs even wider to try and reach the knife. Try as he might, Grease just can’t make it.
29) 12) dialog: ‘TENTION! Everyone immediately drops what they are doing and stands
32) 0) text: A cavernous, drab, pinewood room with long tables seating fourteen men. Smitty sits at the head; Desmond is at the foot. Platters Pork Chops, peas, mashed potatoes and corn are passed dow By the time it reaches Desmond, there are only a handful peas and corn left. Uncomplainingly, Desmond fills his pl with what’s left. Waving one pork chop on his fork over the two other chops his plate, Smitty yells down the table at Desmond.
32) 1) dialog: Hey, Doss! Sorry we ran out! Desmond smiles back politely.
32) 3) dialog: What? Smitty pretends he can’t hear Doss. Yells out to Teach, sitting next to Doss at the end. SMITTY (cont'd) What’d the C.0O. say?
33) 0) text: In the precious half-hour to themselves before Lights Out the men play cards, read, chew the fat, or write letters. Desmond reaches into his shirt pocket and retrieves his N Testament. He runs his hands lightly over its cheap leath cover; he’s in sore need of comfort. A HAND reaches in and snatches the Bible away. Desmond ju up to see... Smitty standing there, grinning, holding his Bible.
33) 1) dialog: What’cha got there, Dessie?
33) 3) dialog: Seems kinda small.
33) 5) dialog: Half a Bible for half a man?
33) 7) dialog: Shut up, Teach. (back to Desmond) So how come you don’t fight? You think you're better than us? 3.4.13 30.
33) 9) dialog: What if you were attacked? Smitty suddenly BACKHANDS Desmond across the face, stagge him, and nearly knocking him down. Desmond touches his fa his lip is bleeding. The Barracks grows very quiet. Everybody stops what they' doing and watches. A few more men gather behind Smitty.
33) 11) dialog: Like this? Smitty SLAPS him again, this time in the other direction. More men gather. There is the smell of blood in the water SMITTY (cont'd) See, I don’t think this is a question of religion, fellas, I think this is just cowardice, plain and simple. Is that right, Doss? Are you chicken-shit, is that it? Desmond’s hands clench. It takes everything Desmond has n to leap at Smitty and tear his throat out.
33) 13) dialog: Are you getting mad, Doss? Well, go on, take a poke! Tell you what, I'll give you a free shot. Go on. No? Smitty waves the Bible; Dorothy’s picture falls out. Desm reaches for it but Smitty is faster. SMITTY (cont'd) Hold on here! What's this?
33) 15) dialog: Finder's keepers. (examining picture) (MORE )
33) 16) text: SMITTY (cont'd) Hey now, this is a fine looking woman. Kind of woman who deserves a real man! The men whistle and catcall.
33) 18) dialog: Please. Desmond’s eyes are hard as mountain granite.
33) 20) dialog: “Please give it back, Smitty.”
33) 22) dialog: Nah, I‘1ll just keep it. Smitty tucks the picture into his pocket. Desmond's eyes dart up, full of fire-- And he sees Smitty smiling, waiting for him to strike bac and abandon everything that makes him who he is. Desmond lowers his arms. Smitty smirks, tosses Desmond’s Bible to Desmond and leav taking the crowd with him. Desmond, left alone, shunned as a coward, picks up his Bi and straightens the crooked pages out. A drop of blood fr his lip falls on the cover. Desmond wipes it off with his sleeve.
39) 0) text: Desmond stands in the crowded, smoky kitchen, washing an endless stack of dirty dishes. His hands are raw from the hot water and bleach. Through the window, he can see Smitty, Grease, Chief, and laughing and rough-housing with one another as they head of camp on a 24 hour pass. Smitty and Grease glance back at Doss, silhouetted in the mess hall window.
39) 2) dialog: Shut up, Grease.
40) 2) dialog: No, sergeant.
44) 0) text: Desmond is showering, as he does all things now, alone. Smitty, Grease, and Chief enter. Just as Desmond turns to face them, Smitty punches Desmond in the face, knocking h to the floor. The other men close in around him and begin kicking and punching. Desmond curls up and tries to prote himself but he doesn’t fight back.
57) 2) dialog: Doesn’t look a whole lot different than South Carolina. Chief points at an elaborate womb-shaped rock structure o one hill.
57) 10) dialog: Two weeks.
60) 1) dialog: Leave him be. Desmond looks up in surprise at Smitty standing over him, service revolver drawn, glowering at the wounded Japanese soldier. Glover strides over.
60) 5) dialog: He’s all yours now.
62) 0) text: Those men not on duty - including Smitty - sit together a eat dinner or smoke. Desmond sits by himself, ignored by the rest of the compa eating cold K rations. The door opens and another soldier, Schecter, enters. Schecter is clearly a veteran; he looks ragged and beat b he has a warm, engaging manner. He carries the equipment a medic but wears none of the identifying insignia. Irv glances around until he spots Desmond and then comes over him, hand extended.
62) 2) dialog: The 96th? You just come off the line? Schecter barely nods, ignoring Smitty, and hands Desmond medical supply package which Desmond starts to open. 3.4.13 57. SMITTY (cont'd) What’s it like up there? Schecter finally turns to face Smitty. He considers hima minute, something flinty in his gaze that makes even Smit uncomfortable.
74) 0) text: As Japanese mortars sporadically lay down harassment fire Desmond crouches in his foxhole looking through his K Rat packages for his dinner options: “Ham and Egg”, “Beef”, “ and Cheese.” All meat. Resigned to going hungry, he pulls the single hardtack cracker out of his kit and munches on slowly, washing it down with water from his canteen. Smitty comes sprinting over and jumps into Desmond’s foxh Desmond is surprised, but pleased at his company. For his part, Smitty is trying to put on a good face but clearly, he’s unnerved by their first combat experience.
74) 2) dialog: Not here to be sociable. Captain wants all the medics to have a rifleman with them at night, in case one of those Jap infiltration teams gets through. I drew the short straw. As Smitty talks, he nervously lays out his weapons: he ja his K-bar knife into the ground for quick access alongsid his pistol, his carbine, an extra magazine, and two grena SMITTY (cont'd) I couldn't see them up there! It was like they were invisible or something. You knew they were there because they were tearing us up, but you couldn’t see them.
74) 4) dialog: Like ghosts. You gonna eat that? 3.4.13 66. Desmond shakes his head and Smitty snatches the Beef pack rips it open, and stuffs it in his mouth. SMITTY (cont'd) Mortars are the worst. I hate the way they sound coming in on you but Jones told me that it’s the one you don’t hear that kills you. I think Grease wet himself. He wasn’t the only one. (slight hesitation) Noticed you were talking to yourself plenty, going up.
74) 6) dialog: Never been too big on church and stuff like that.
74) 8) dialog: Uh-huh. He ever talk back?
74) 10) dialog: Safe? Smitty looks around at the desolate landscape. SMITTY (cont'd) That'd be a good trick. Smitty clearly seems to be struggling with something. Aft a moment of hesitation he reaches into his pocket and han something to Desmond. SMITTY (cont'd) Here. Desmond looks down to find the photo of Dorothy that Smit had stolen from him earlier in his hands. It’s torn in so places and dirty in others, but the sight of Dorothy brin an almost forgotten comfort to Desmond in that dark place 3.4.13 67. SMITTY (cont'd) I never felt good about taking it. And never could throw it away.
74) 12) dialog: Don’t think this means we’re square or nothing. You’re still weird to me. But... you did good today.
76) 0) text: Desmond, Smitty, and Jones wait in the relative security the foot of the cliff. Each man ties a rope to his waist, the end of which is secured to one end of two cargo nets lashed together. Finished, the men pick up their climbing ropes with the grappling hooks. They’re ready. Glover notices a COMBAT PRESS team approaching.
77) 0) text: Being sure to keep his head down beneath the height of th berm, Desmond quickly removes the rope from his waist and loops it around a thick tree stump. Lying back on the ground, feet braced against the stump, Desmond pulls with all his might to hoist the cargo net u the cliff face. By this time, both Smitty and Jones are o either side of him, pulling up their loads. From below, Desmond can hear Glover call: 3.4.13 69.
77) 2) dialog: Like frickin’ Iwo Jima!
79) 0) text: Beneath the overhang, every man in Company B has assemble for the assault. Above them, Army mortars are continuousl blasting the top of the ridge. Titles: Second Assault on Hacksaw Ridge. Glover gestures unenthusiastically to Desmond who removes helmet and kneels, as do Tex and some of the other men. Smitty hangs back but he watches everything closely. Desmond himself is nervous; this is not something he want do, or is comfortable with.
80) 0) text: Careful to stay below the berm, they crawl on their hands knees and spread out along the edge of the cliff in good order. Desmond watches as Captain Glover quietly signals over th radio to the mortar teams below. Almost immediately, the Mortar barrage stops. That’s the signal for Company B to attack. As one, the me throw grenades over the berm and then rise up and begin a concentrated FIRE across the plateau. Smitty focuses his BAR on the MAIN BUNKER while... The DEMO MAN crawls out onto the plateau, beneath the bul of his own men, carrying a twenty pound satchel charge of dynamite. When he is within ten feet of the Main Bunker, pulls the fuse and throws his satchel on top of the bunke There is a tremendous EXPLOSION, blowing a hole in the Bu roof. As the men are waiting for the dust to clear-- A SNIPER SHOT hits Schecter in the leg. He yells once and falls. Immediately, Desmond kneels beside him.
84) 2) dialog: So what’s next? I’ve got a canteen of water here you could turn to wine if you want.
84) 4) dialog: Yeah. It was God or whatever, but you prayed him down.
84) 6) dialog: You know what? You’re a real pain in the ass! You’re all Holy Joe when we're stomping you but then when we’re on your side that doesn’t make you feel good either!
84) 8) dialog: Schecter? What happened?
86) 7) dialog: May be just a rat. There is another SOUND now, clear to both men, off to the left. Smitty slides a round into the chamber of his rifle Suddenly, they are swarmed by JAPANESE SOLDIERS! Smitty shoots one but the second soldier bayonets him in the gut Desmond ducks a savage thrust from a third soldier and clobbers him in the side of the head with his metal helme Desmond tries to get to Smitty but another soldier steps between them and fires his gun so close that the heat of blast scorches the side of Desmond's face. Desmond grabs barrel and pulls the Jap soldier forward, swinging his el wildly into the man’s face and shattering his nose. Desmond gets hit in the back and knocked to the ground. H fingers search blindly for any kind of weapon and he find broken rifle in the mud. He staggers to his feet, swingin the rifle like a bat but a JAPANESE OFFICER steps forward pistol extended, pointed at Desmond’s heart. Without thinking, Desmond raises his rifle but a FLARE go off overhead, bathing the battlefield in a eerie green li and in that split-second Desmond realizes that the Japane Officer looks weirdly familiar... He looks like - no, he is - Desmond’s Father! Tom Doss sm at Desmond as he pulls the trigger and the bullet tears i Desmond’s chest and...
87) 0) text: Desmond wakes up in a cold sweat; his heart pounding. He back in his foxhole on top of the Ridge at night. Smitty sits across from him, smoking a cigarette and carefully cupping the burning ember so as not to give away their position. Desmond breathes deeply. Shudders.
87) 1) dialog: Hell of a dream. Desmond nods. Drinks some water from his canteen. Rubs hi stiff neck. Smitty’s rifle is propped up within easy reac and Desmond finds he can’t take his eyes off it. Smitty notices; picks the rifle up. SMITTY (cont'd) It won’t bite, you know.
87) 3) dialog: How mean?
89) 1) dialog: You throw it away? This is very hard for Desmond; he’s never told anybody th before. Ever.
89) 3) dialog: What’d you really do?
89) 5) dialog: How come?
95) 0) text: Smitty leans forward in disbelief.
95) 1) dialog: You killed him? INT. DOSS HOUSE - PARENTS’ BEDROOM - EVENING - THE PAST Desmond stands there pointing the gun at his father while mother looks on in horror.
97) 2) dialog: (quietly) You think--looking at all the killing everywhere around us--you really think there’s a God that gives a damn about us? Desmond looks at him. Smitty is serious. Desmond nods. SMITTY (cont'd) That'd really be something if it was true. Wouldn’t it? A Japanese mortar round lands ten yards away, scattering debris and shrapnel over both men. As other mortar shells begin to fall, a JAPANESE HAND GRENADE lands close to the Smitty pushes Desmond down, grabs his B.A.R. and begins spraying the field in front of them. Simultaneously, JAPA SOLDIERS appear out of hidden spider holes and trenches n only in front of, but within the American lines. It’s as they materialized out of the mud by magic. A chaotic fire-fight breaks out all around Desmond and Sm as the terrified American soldiers of Company B discover the enemy is all around them. Cross fire from both sides kills indiscriminately. A Japanese Soldier bursts out of the darkness behind Smit and bayonets him in the back. Smitty screams. Desmond jum up and punches the Japanese soldier in the face, knocking to the ground. The Japanese soldier pulls out a knife and Desmond launch himself on top of the man, trying to wrestle the knife aw The two roll over and over across the muddy ground. Desmo manages to break the other man’s grip on the knife but th soldier grabs Desmond by the throat and begins choking hi Desmond is close to blacking out. He reaches out desperately, trying to find something, anything. His hand touch a ROCK and he manages a glancing blow on the should of the Japanese soldier. It’s enough to break his hold on Desmond’s throat. Desmond pushes the soldier away and rol over on top of him. Desmond raises the rock above his head in both hands, prepared to bring it down on his enemy’s skull in a crush blow. He screams as he begins to bring the rock down but knocked off course by a nearby explosion. Desmond is momentarily stunned but almost immediately pic up the rock again and turns back to the Japanese soldier. 3.4.13 83. He is weeping with fury and frustration. In that one brie moment, the Japanese Soldier rolls away narrowly escaping Desmond's blow, staggers to his feet and runs off. Desmond crawls over to Smitty but he’s too late. Smitty i dead. Desmond is utterly distraught.
123) 0) text: Glover, Hollywood, Chief, Tex and dozens of soldiers from other companies watch silently as Desmond lowers one last down from Hacksaw Ridge...but this one is already dead... We see this last man’s face...it’s Smitty. As the body slowly descends, we realize Desmond’s last act was to retrieve Smitty’s body. And with that, Desmond finally leaves Hacksaw Ridge. Slow painfully, he climbs down the rope alone. When Desmond reaches the bottom, he fights not to collaps into the arms of the men waiting at the base of the cliff His uniform is completely soaked with blood and mud, and flies swarm around him but he’s too tired to bat them awa with his torn and bleeding hands. The men stare at him li he’s a ghost as Desmond glances down at his uniform, straining to move his head to look up again. Captain Glover is one of them.
124) 0) text: Everyone has heard about Desmond’s heroics. The surgeons, stretcher teams, and nurses all watch silently as Desmond changes his bloody uniform for a replacement uniform - a washed and bleached uniform of a dead soldier. Carefully, he removes his pocket Bible, taking a moment t try and wipe off the blood that stains its front cover. Something on the blouse he’s about to put on catches his The lettering is faded but it looks like..."Schecter."” For just a moment, everything swims in front of his eyes. EXT. DESMOND’S FOXHOLE, BELOW THE RIDGE - NIGHT Raining. Along with the usual sporadic Japanese mortar fi Desmond sits - alone - in the dugout he once shared with Smitty. Tex scurries up out of the dark. He puts a can of rations down in front of Desmond.