32) 4) dialog: Says he don’t eat meat!
42) 2) dialog: Something’s wrong with Teach. Doss moves to Teach - he’s hunched over, his face bone wh his skin dry and hot to the touch.
45) 0) text: All the other members of the company sit on their bunks, looking at one another. The only SOUND is that of Desmond beating in the next room. Tex curls up in bed and slowly pulls his pillow over his ears to block out the noise.
78) 2) dialog: Sir... I'd like Doss to pray for us before we go up. Glover is stunned, but no more surprised then Desmond.
78) 4) dialog: The Company.
79) 0) text: Beneath the overhang, every man in Company B has assemble for the assault. Above them, Army mortars are continuousl blasting the top of the ridge. Titles: Second Assault on Hacksaw Ridge. Glover gestures unenthusiastically to Desmond who removes helmet and kneels, as do Tex and some of the other men. Smitty hangs back but he watches everything closely. Desmond himself is nervous; this is not something he want do, or is comfortable with.
116) 0) text: What’s left of Company B has fallen back to a position of relative safety behind the Command Post. The men are ina state of shock. Some, like Tex and Hollywood, just sit an stare into space, lit cigarettes dangling uselessly from their trembling fingers. Others weep shamelessly. Chief r up and crouches down beside Tex and Hollywood.
116) 2) dialog: Doss? Hollwood’s ears perk up.
123) 0) text: Glover, Hollywood, Chief, Tex and dozens of soldiers from other companies watch silently as Desmond lowers one last down from Hacksaw Ridge...but this one is already dead... We see this last man’s face...it’s Smitty. As the body slowly descends, we realize Desmond’s last act was to retrieve Smitty’s body. And with that, Desmond finally leaves Hacksaw Ridge. Slow painfully, he climbs down the rope alone. When Desmond reaches the bottom, he fights not to collaps into the arms of the men waiting at the base of the cliff His uniform is completely soaked with blood and mud, and flies swarm around him but he’s too tired to bat them awa with his torn and bleeding hands. The men stare at him li he’s a ghost as Desmond glances down at his uniform, straining to move his head to look up again. Captain Glover is one of them.
123) 3) dialog: He’s not shot.
124) 0) text: Everyone has heard about Desmond’s heroics. The surgeons, stretcher teams, and nurses all watch silently as Desmond changes his bloody uniform for a replacement uniform - a washed and bleached uniform of a dead soldier. Carefully, he removes his pocket Bible, taking a moment t try and wipe off the blood that stains its front cover. Something on the blouse he’s about to put on catches his The lettering is faded but it looks like..."Schecter."” For just a moment, everything swims in front of his eyes. EXT. DESMOND’S FOXHOLE, BELOW THE RIDGE - NIGHT Raining. Along with the usual sporadic Japanese mortar fi Desmond sits - alone - in the dugout he once shared with Smitty. Tex scurries up out of the dark. He puts a can of rations down in front of Desmond.
135) 0) text: Desmond follows Tex, Chief, and Hollywood as they continu secure the southern flank of the Ridge. Suddenly, to their left, a JAPANESE SOLDIER rises from hi spider hole, pistol in one hand and grenade in the other. empties his pistol wildly but all three men get rounds of reply, dropping the Japanese Soldier to his knees with sh to the chest and head but... ...-As he collapses, he throws the HAND GRENADE. The hand grenade comes arcing towards the Americans. Desmond PUSHES his fellow soldiers out of the way but the no escape for himself. The grenade lands directly in front of Desmond. He throws himself backwards and simultaneously tries to kick the grenade away... The grenade EXPLODES with a shower of dirt, rocks, and bl Desmond SCREAMS with pain. He looks down at his leg - it’ ragged and covered with blood. Desmond rolls over onto hi back.
135) 6) dialog: HE’S DYING! 3.4.13 101.
137) 0) text: Glover directs the men to carry Desmond to a waiting fiel ambulance. The TWO MEDICS there hastily load Desmond into the truck and begin prepping him for an IV. Glover leans over Desmond; Tex, Chief and Hollywood press close, anxiously. Desmond looks like hell. The color is completely drained of his face and he’s beginning to shake. Glover holds his hand. One of the Medics injects Desmond with morphine.