2) 0) text: Norman Rockwell come to life. Small wooden houses on the rolling hills of the Virginia Piedmont, more country than city. Two boys are rolling a coaster wagon through their yard. DESMOND, the younger, 8 years old, pushes; his brot MARK, 10, holds the wagon tongue and steers. The wagon contains a collection of rusty junk metal. The wagon is heavy and the boys small, but they’re tough and determined. They’re like Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn. (NOTE: The real Desmond Doss, throughout his life, spoke with the distinct accent of the Virginia’s Blue Ridge Mountains, a lilting and beautiful usage that persists in some places to this day. We make no attempt to render tha accent in these pages, but the presence of it in his spee brought even more distinction and majesty to his real character.) Sitting on the front porch of their house is their father TOM DOSS. Tom is a big man, sullen man, broken in his sou
2) 1) dialog: What you boys doin’?
2) 5) dialog: You know why they want it? The boys hadn’t even considered that. TOM (cont'd) They sell it overseas. The Japs and Germans make weapons out of it. Tom rubs his neck, where there’s a nasty scar from World I. More than his neck is scarred--but his boys are innocents.
2) 7) dialog: Do what you want. But when those plow tips and lug nuts go whistling by your ears, you'll say your daddy was right. The boys head around behind the house, Mark whispering to Desmond--
3) 7) dialog: 
3) 11) dialog: He was beating on his brother.
3) 13) dialog: You're gonna spoil him is all. 3.4.13 5.
6) 0) text: The sun’s going down, and Tom Doss is sitting on his fron porch, bored and sullen. He reaches to the firewood box beside his chair, and from behind it he draws a Masan jar half full of clear liquid--moonshine. He takes a sip. From inside he hears Mark's voice. 3.4.13 6.
6) 2) dialog: Ask your Mama, she’s the one didn’t want to whip you!
11) 1) dialog: Excuse you?! 3.4.13 10.
11) 3) dialog: Not from you. Bertha appears in the kitchen doorway, nervously holding dish towel.
23) 0) text: The cemetery is in the very heart of the town, on a hill surrounded by brick walls. And Desmond Doss’s father, Tom is standing among the grave stones. It’s an old and seemingly haunted place where few people visit; for awhile he seems all alone, until he hears--
23) 2) dialog: Here. Yeah. He walks away slowly and Desmond follows, completely in t dark about why his father has made such a strange demand. They reach a section of low stones, their perfect lines n twisted by tree roots and time, their once-smooth surface pitted by weather and pocked by moss.
23) 4) dialog: Soldiers. Boys from World War One are over yonder. Even got some from the Revolutionary War on the hill someplace. Desmond's eyes lift toward his father, starting to unders why his father wanted him to come here. TOM (cont'd) Look at ‘em. All of ‘em soldiers. All of ‘em boys. And all of ‘em dead. 3.4.13 16. Tom sounds angry, and bitter, as he always has to Desmond but for the first time in his life Desmond hears an emoti in his father’s voice too. TOM (cont'd) I don’t want my boys here. I don’t want you here. Desmond’s eyes meet Tom’s; there are tears in Tom’s eyes. Desmond is transfixed.
23) 6) dialog: 
23) 9) dialog: I know they’re drafting! But I still got a friend or two! One of ‘em works at the Foundry, making steel they use for ships and tanks and such as that. They call it an “essential defense industry,” and they’1l leave you alone if you work there. I can get you on. They--
23) 11) dialog: What?
23) 13) dialog: Get your hand off me! YOU ARE STUPID! DAMN YOU!! First time in your life I give you the chance to do something smart, and you do this?!
23) 15) dialog: You ain’t everybody else! Everybody else jumps in and does things quick, without thinking! And soldiers who live, they live because they can do that! You can’t! You gotta sit and think and pray about everything! Desmond stands there trying to find words, trying to find solid ground in this sudden sea of emotion. TOM (cont'd) You're doing it right now. (beat) You're a terrible son. I hope they kill ya. Tom staggers off, through the old headstones of the dead soldiers.
51) 13) text: A GUARD unlocks the door. CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d) Your hearing is tomorrow morning. If I can’t change your mind, maybe she can. Glover leaves. Desmond rises, afraid to hope, but it’s tr Dorothy enters the cell. Desmond and Dorothy eye each oth unsure of how the other will react. Dorothy moves into hi arms.
54) 0) text: Tom Doss drives his car up to the house like a madman, leaving deep ruts in the muddy front yard. He leaps out o the car leaving the door open behind him and the engine s running. He hurries up the steps to the front porch where Dot and Bess have been anxiously waiting for him.
54) 2) dialog: Right there. Go on! Dorothy starts down the steps. Stops and looks back 3.4.13 47.
54) 4) dialog: No. You go. I...Tell him this was your doing.
54) 6) dialog: In a way it was. Go on...you’re gonna be late if you don’t get started. Dorothy starts to turn away, but then stops again. There a gentle strength in her face, the kind particular to Southern women.
54) 8) dialog: I’m no good at this stuff. You go. With one last look and the hint of a nod, Dorothy turns b toward the car and heads off.
72) 0) text: Bruised and battered, Desmond reaches the bottom; terra f never felt so good. The Spigot Mortar Shell that missed t is sticking out of the mud - somehow it had landed on its back and thus failed to explode. Desmond has to steady himself at the thought of how close he came to dying but has a job to do: DESMOND (cont'd)
86) 0) text: Captain Glover’s primitive map diagram reflects the day’s success and tomorrow’s objective.
88) 0) text: Bertha sits on the front step, SOBBING, one hand to her bloodied face. Eight year old Desmond huddles beside her, protectively, one arm around her shoulder. In the yard, Tom argues violently with Bertha’s brother, UNCLE ARTHUR. Both men are drunk and angry. 3.4.13 78.
88) 1) dialog: Get your damn nose out of my business! You hear me?
88) 3) dialog: 
90) 0) text: Desmond returns back to the house just as the POLICE load handcuffed father into a police car in front of gawking neighbors. Bertha is weeping, hugging Tom, but he ignores her. Over shoulder, Tom can see Desmond, watching his father’s publ shame - and he glares maliciously at his son.
92) 0) text: Inside the bathroom, Tom brutally whips Desmond with his razor strop.
92) 2) dialog: Desmond grits his teeth - he won’t give his father the satisfaction of crying out - but he can’t stop the tears are running down his face.
94) 1) dialog: Spare the rod and spoil the child! Isn’t that what that church of yours preaches?! Well that boy’s spoiled rotten and it’s about time-- He stops when Desmond enters. 3.4.13 81.
94) 2) dialog: What do you want? Desmond raises the gun. Tom’s eyes widen in fear. The gun wavers in Desmond’s trembling hand.
123) 0) text: Glover, Hollywood, Chief, Tex and dozens of soldiers from other companies watch silently as Desmond lowers one last down from Hacksaw Ridge...but this one is already dead... We see this last man’s face...it’s Smitty. As the body slowly descends, we realize Desmond’s last act was to retrieve Smitty’s body. And with that, Desmond finally leaves Hacksaw Ridge. Slow painfully, he climbs down the rope alone. When Desmond reaches the bottom, he fights not to collaps into the arms of the men waiting at the base of the cliff His uniform is completely soaked with blood and mud, and flies swarm around him but he’s too tired to bat them awa with his torn and bleeding hands. The men stare at him li he’s a ghost as Desmond glances down at his uniform, straining to move his head to look up again. Captain Glover is one of them.
126) 0) text: Desmond sits behind the shelter of a stone Okinawan tomb, reading his Bible when to his surprise Captain Glover appears. Glover squats down beside Desmond; looks out ove the countryside as the first sliver of sunlight illuminat the landscape.
140) 0) text: Tom Doss stands out in the yard, clutching a liquor bottl conflicted. He brings the bottle up but instead of drinki from it, he tosses it as hard as he can. 3.4.13 104. Tom starts to turn away but then reconsiders. He walks toward where he threw the bottle, and as he reaches down pick it up, he notices the rock with Desmond’s note. He picks up the bottle and then the rock. As he stands readi the note, his eyes tear up. He turns the bottle upside do and pours it out. EXT. DOROTHY’S HOUSE - NIGHT A DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CAR pulls up to Dorothy’s house, brakes squealing as it does. Fear freezes Dorothy immediately-- but it’s Desmond she sees limping out of th car. She runs to him and throws her arms around him. We s them both slowly kiss as the screen fades to black.