68) 0) text: With the SCOUTS, including Chief, leading the way, the me move as fast and as silently as they can, scrambling over rubble at the base of the Ridge, hand over hand. This is the Charge of the Light Brigade. Every man is utterly terrified and is forcing himself to move forward by a she act of will. TWO TEAMS set up ladders against the cliff face. Immediately, two men with ropes climb to the top of the ladders and toss their grappling hooks onto the lip of th Ridge, trying to grab a secure hold. Surprisingly there is little enemy resistance--only some sniping and a few knee mortar rounds. One soldier goes do Desmond hurries towards the wounded soldier when a mortar round lands nearby on the rocks. A handful of razor-sharp shards of limestone smack Desmond in the right side, spin him around, and knocking him down to the ground! Desmond’s hand and face are bleeding. He looks in wonder his own blood - half terrified at how close the shell was half delighted at the modest nature of his injury. Desmond wipes the blood off on his own shirt, and plunges back towards the line. The soldiers swarm up the cliff face and finally onto the of the Ridge which is revealed to be a small plateau. 3.4.13 62.
71) 2) dialog: Don’t leave me! Please, God, don’t leave me! Desmond leans close to the soldier - he can’t be more tha nineteen.
71) 4) dialog: S.s..s..Stevens. Private J. Stevens.
71) 6) dialog: Buffalo.
73) 0) text: .+-where a DOCTOR is already treating incoming casualties He glances at the wounded Soldier with a critical eye.
101) 0) text: What remains of Company B’s makeshift Rear Guard is throw grenades as fast as they can out of open crates hand-carr to the top. Two STRETCHER BEARERS grab Desmond’s wounded soldier and start down the cargo net with him. To their surprise, Desmond doesn’t follow.
102) 0) text: The sun is at a low angle now, throwing long shadows acro the top of the plateau which is clouded with smoke and du creating a surreal world of shadows in which it is imposs to determine friend from foe until you are almost on them Desmond manages to creep from spot to spot, relatively unseen. Japanese Mortar Fire still falls erratically, along with individual sniping. Desmond finds another Soldier moaning the ground, his right arm mangled. Desmond applies a tourniquet and starts to drag the man back. As he passes another Wounded Soldier, the man cries out and tries to clutch his sleeve.
102) 1) dialog: Don’t leave me! 3.4.13 86. Desmond hesitates. Then...
104) 0) text: Desmond drags the wounded Soldier back to the lip. He loo over the edge. If he climbs down with each casualty it wi take twice as long, he’ll exhaust himself quickly, and ot men will die who might have been saved. Making a quick decision, Desmond grabs one of the ropes hanging over the cliff edge and pulls it up. He doubles t rope and ties a bowline in it - just like he did that day basic training--a secure knot with TWO LOOPS. Desmond secures the wounded man’s legs, one into each loo wraps the remaining rope around the man’s chest twice and then, bracing himself against a rock, slowly lowers the m down to...
105) 0) text: ...where the two stretcher bearers are huddled on the gro in exhaustion, sucking down water. To their astonishment, they glance up to see the wounded soldier being lowered towards them. They spring into action, catching the wounded soldier by legs and gently laying him down on the ground.
105) 3) text: The two men hurriedly unhook the wounded soldier and the disappears back up the cliff. Two additional Stretcher Bearers come running up with a litter. Behind them is Captain Glover.
106) 0) text: Desmond spots THREE WOUNDED AMERICAN SOLDIERS lying in th lee of a small group of rocks which are barely keeping th alive, covered as they are by overlapping lines of fire f multiple Japanese positions. Desmond crawls towards the soldiers, trying to use a shal depression in the terrain to get close, but a BURST of fi from a Japanese machine gun pins him down. Desmond tries to catch his breath, wipe the sweat out of eyes, and regain his courage. He moves again towards the soldiers, and again a burst of machine gun explodes around him, even closer now, shatter the tip of the stones which barely cover him, and cutting with razor-sharp shards of shattered limestone. 3.4.13 88. Desmond is momentarily paralyzed with fear. He knows if h waits any longer, he will lose what little courage he has left. He carefully reaches behind and yanks out his tatte poncho. Desmond rolls over on his back and waves his poncho over top of the rocks, drawing a characteristic 6-8 round burs fire from the Jap machine gun. Then he hears it stop-- THE JAPANESE MACHINE GUNNERS must stop firing and reload. As they reload, Desmond jumps to his feet and sprints aro the side of the rocks, grabs one of the wounded soldiers, drags him quickly towards the cliff’s edge.
107) 0) text: A new wave of wounded soldiers are suddenly being carried by stretcher teams. As the HEAD DOCTOR begins his examination of the first man - the soldier with the sucki chest wound - he glances over at the stretcher team who brought him in.
114) 0) text: Desmond moves as fast as he can, darting from rock to roc dragging his wounded soldier behind him. He’s only ten ya away from the edge of the cliff.
118) 1) text: The cross-hairs move across the landscape...and find Desm The cross-hairs start up toward Desmond’s forehead, but something he glimpsed confuses the sniper; he moves the crosshairs down to the wounded soldier Desmond is tending and his Japanese insignia comes into clear focus. The sniper recoils in astonishment. For a moment, he is bewildered. He puts his eye back to the scope.