8) 0) text: A wounded Brok kneels before AISLINN, the Queen.
8) 8) dialog: Not all... Aislinn turns to Bowen...curiously calm even hopeful.
10) 0) text: Aislinn, on horseback, leads Bowen and a body of GUARDS u mountain path, through the RUINS OF AN ANCIENT ROMAN CAST Brok and the others bear Einon on a hide stretcher suppor on spears. Walking his horse, Bowen hovers over the semi- conscious boy who still grips the crown and talks to him.
12) 0) text: Aislinn takes a torch and starts into the cave. From with echoes the mournful, musical TRILL. Bowen eyes her warily
12) 2) dialog: Not the Dragon's stench; merely man's pollution of him. Come and fear not! Aislinn enters. Bowen, Einon in his arms, hesitantly follows.
13) 0) text: Even torchlight cannot dispel the gloom. Their light and shafts of scarlet moonlight, seeping through two holes in cavern roof, illuminate bubbling mud pits and bones. Stea wreathes through the place. From the cave's recesses come faint IRRIDESCENT RIPPLE OF MOVEMENT. And the melancholy TRILL. Toward this Aislinn cautiously, humbly, approaches 10
13) 1) dialog: Lord! Serene One! Her voice echoes. The TRILLING stops. The Guards murmur uneasily. Bowen warily eyes The GLOW. It seems BRIGHTER. Defining an UNCERTAIN SHAPE. Aislinn signals for silence.
13) 2) dialog: Your song is sad tonight.
13) 4) dialog: No...only a moon. Blood-red. Bowen eases Einon down. Hovering protectively over him, suspiciously listening, his eye never leaving the creatur the shadows. The peculiar irridescence is the beast's sca hide that emits a wavering glow as he shifts.
13) 6) dialog: Yes, Lord, whose people loved you and called your kind friend.
13) 8) dialog: I have not forgotten. I do not fear. Einon sighs. Aislinn kneels beside Bowen to comfort her s stroking his brow, as the boy feverishly fondles the crow The Dragon's half~hooded eye glints from the darkness, surveying the prince. The crown caressed in his hands.
13) 11) dialog: Dragonslayer's widow! A bride of conquest! My people driven out and slaughtered even as yours. (kneels) Please! He's not his father. (points to Bowen) This knight is his mentor. He has taught him the Old Code. And I will teach him your ways. The dragon's scales brightly ripple. He considers her ple his baleful eye falling on the boy's bloody breast.
13) 13) dialog: (kneels before him) I swear. He will grow in your grace. Grow just and good. The dragon's shadowy head inclines toward Einon.
13) 15) dialog: Fear not, child, he will save you.
14) 0) text: Bowen, on horseback, leads Aislinn's steed down the mount through the Roman ruins once more. Behind them comes Brok and the guard with... EINON. ..asleep on his stretcher, unconsciously fondling crown in his hands. The crown slips from his fingers, clanking to the ground. Einon jerks awake, sitting up bolt straight. A strange, fierce light in his eyes. He's tense with coiled energy. Brok signals the guard to halt and kneels beside Einon.
71) 0) text: A ROASTED PIG twirls on a spit over an open fire. SERVANT with food and drink, hustle about to serve... EINON & HIS KNIGHTS...and THEIR ROWDY WOMENFOLK, dining alfresco by torchlight. Einon sits at the head of a huge BANQUET TABLE, drunkenly laughing as he watches... 48 SIR BROK...bare-chested, atop the table, wrestle TWO MEN once. Brok tosses one over his shoulder and off the table into the bonfire. With a yelp, the wrestler rolls on the ground and servants obliging beat the flames off him. The lords and their "ladies" roar with approval and urge on. Brok slings his opponent down the length of the table sending food and crockery flying. The wrestler slides pas the howling, drunken crowd to the end of the table where head flops over the edge as he groans and passes out, his rolled eyes blaring vacantly up at... AISLINN...primly seated at the table end, the only point stillness in this rowdy revelry. Weary despair, not age, faded her beauty. Einon shouts down the table at her.
71) 2) dialog: The field is Sir Brok's, my son. Brok does a victory dance on the table to the delighted r of the crowd, while Einon spins to Felton beside him. Nestled drunkenly in Felton's arms is his PRETTY LITTLE M Purses and STACKS OF COINS litter the table. Einon scoops two stacks from Felton's pile to his.
71) 4) dialog: Ten...my son. The correction is spoken in flat calm. Einon frowns at hi mother, then at Felton whose Pretty Little Minx has start to slide one of the stacks back. Felton smiles uneasily a the displeased king and, slapping away Minx's hand from t coins, scoots them back to Einon's pile.
78) 0) text: Kara fitfully sleeps. A SHADOW falls over her. She stirs a hand pulls the dagger from the bedpost. She jerks up, cowering. Aislinn steps into the candlelight.
78) 3) dialog: T have my ways.
78) 5) dialog: To help.
78) 7) dialog: I bore a child...An innocent child. Was it his fault he was the bitter fruit of a seed sown without love?
78) 9) dialog: You say so now. I thought so once. But when you hold him in your arms, you do not see the monster he can become...Only a small something that is a part of you, erying for your nourishment, frail and helpless... And you do not realize you are the helpless one. (bitter outburst) How could I guide him when I was merely a bit of plunder? A creature of submission. Allowed no pleasure. No feelings. No voice. How could he hear me? What was left for him but his father's taint? Aislinn, trembling with emotion, regains her regal compos
78) 11) dialog: Why wish for death, when there is freedom? The Queen takes a candle and goes to a corner of the cham illuminating a stone wall. She presses a hidden spring an the wall creaks open, exposing a secret passage. 56
79) 0) text: A stone wall slides open and Kara and Aislinn step out in large CISTERN. Below them is the water. Aislinn leads Kar down a stone path that runs along the wall of the cistern Kara sees the door on the other side and starts to open i but Aislinn stops her, sliding open a small hatch in the door. Through the peephole, Kara can see...
85) 7) dialog: I'll send someone to clean up this mess. She exits. Einon suspiciously watches her go.
111) 7) dialog: Fear not the dragon, my son. AISLINN...stands silhouetted in the doorway and crosses t him.
111) 10) dialog: No need to, my son... She motions him to follow her outside. Curious, he does.
112) 1) dialog: A mother's gift to her son...Uhlric, Volney, Jugurtha, and the brothers Odolf and Oram. The finest to be had. The Five all bow. Einon looks from the men to his mother. 89
112) 3) dialog: Dragonslayers. Struck by this uncharacteristic kindness, Einon's disbeli slowly shifts to sly amusement. Aislinn returns her son's smile. He impulsively grabs his mother's hand and kisses
133) 4) dialog: You know why I've come?
133) 6) dialog: A sorry end...
133) 8) dialog: (sits by him) No one would blame you...Death without immortality.
133) 10) dialog: (weeping) Brightly, my lord, brightly.
133) 12) dialog: It is my sin, Dragon Lord, for a mother's misguided heart, you gambled eternity and lost...Forgive me. Aislinn rises. Picks up Uhlric's spear. It is heavy, but she manages. But suddenly A HAND tears the spear from Aislinn's grasp. Einon's hand! 101
133) 14) dialog: I wanted to correct a mistake made years ago when I saved a creature not worth saving.