1) 0) text: A SWORD flashes in the sunlight as it whirls down on... SIR BOWEN...a ruggedly handsome knight who catches the bl on his own, just inches from his face, and smiles through crossed swords, eyes gleaming like the sunlit steel.
1) 1) dialog: Not bad! He disengages his blade with swift flare and, in a dazzli series of sallies, forces his OPPONENT back.
1) 2) dialog: But not good enough to... The opponent, BACK TO CAMERA, is shoved to the ground, Bowen's sword tip at his throat.
1) 3) dialog: «+-to live! Bowen grins down at... PRINCE EINON...a fourteen year old boy, his face flush fr exertion. Emblazoned on his surcote is a DRAGON'S HEAD impaled on a sword. A HERALDIC COAT-OF-ARMS. Suddenly, Einon kicks Bowen's blade aside with his boot, rolls, and springs up, lunging at the knight. Again, Bowe deflects the blade by inches. Smiling. Pleased.
1) 4) dialog: Better! Einon is also pleased. He smiles at Bowen's praise and le down his guard. Just slightly. But enough. With a nimble parry, Bowen blade arcs down, striking the startled boy.. only with the flat of the blade on his shoulder.
1) 5) dialog: But you'd still be dead! Einon reels back and, with a snarl, charges wildly at Bow who, laughing, leaps upon a crumbling piece of stone, eas deflecting or ducking the violent but clumsy blows.
1) 6) dialog: Purpose, not passion, Einon! Fight with your head, not your heart! He punctuates each maxim with a slap of his sword flat, obviously toying with the boy.
1) 7) dialog: Nerve cold-blue, blade blood-red. Einon slices wickedly at Bowen's legs. Bowen leaps up as blade swishes harmlessly under him. But as he lands, the edge of the stone crumbles beneath the heel of his boot. teeters, then tumbles off the rock, out of sight behind i Einon's savage fighting demeanour slides into a shocked g of concern.
1) 9) dialog: Dead again, Prince! How many times must I tell you?
1) 10) dialog: (reciting together) Only expose your back to a corpse! But the fencing lesson is over. Einon points to the rider
1) 14) dialog: (contemptuous1ly) Noble...? Crushing desperate, frightened men...?
1) 15) text: (sharply) Traitorous scum! The King commands. Bring him. You can watch too, nursemaid. He whips his horse and rides off with the others. Bowen turns to get his and Einon's horses. . Einon is disappoin that Bowen allowed Brok's insult to go unchallenged.
1) 17) dialog: (laughs) Nor his opinions. I expect no less. (distaste) He's the king's man. Einon registers Bowen's contempt for the king with an une scowl, but as Bowen turns to hand him his reins, the boy beams affectionately at him.
1) 19) dialog: I am already your man, my prince. He swings into the saddle and, as the two ride after Brok CAMERA PANS TO THE GALLOPING HOOVES.
1) 22) text: Bowen and Einon sit their horses on a hillock behind the lines watching the carnage. Bowen is disgusted, Einon fascinated.
1) 24) dialog: (curtly) You don't.
1) 26) dialog: Too fine to foul with your father's slaughter. In a quiet, hurt tone, Einon gently reminds Bowen of good manners and protocol.
1) 28) dialog: Yes...But when you are king, remember today. Remember the difference between battle and butchery. And remember the Qld Code. Restore its forgotten glory, so that the crown will shine with honour once more and never again will men have to take up arms against their sovereign. Then you will be a greater king than your father. Bowen turns to watch the ungallant battle with weary eyes thus doesn't see the dark glint in Einon's gaze,
3) 0) text: Bowen and Einon watch from their vantage point as a HORDE VILLAGERS chase the trapped Freyne. Freyne zig-zags his horse in and out and under the stilts of SEVERAL RAISED GRAINHOUSES, torching some as he passes. But the peasants are closing in.
3) 2) dialog: Einon, no! He follows after the boy.
4) 0) text: Bowen closes in on his young charge when he's beset by RE WARRIORS. He ducks the savage thrust of a pitchfork and, grabbing the shaft, cracks the WIELDER under the jaw with blunt end. Another rebel gets clouted by Bowen's boot eve as the knight knocks another down with the shaft of the pitchfork. He kills no one. But even as he scatters them, he's lost Einon in the dusty haze of the battle. He shout
4) 1) dialog: Einon!
5) 3) dialog: Einon! Einon's vision pops into crystal clear FOCUS as Buckethe whirls to the anguished CRY...and we discover THE BOY IS GIRL!. Her name is...as we later learn...KARA. She's roughly Einon's age and even the grime of battle cannot h her beauty, haloed in an aureole of gleaming red hair. As Kara sees Bowen's steed leap over the breastworks and Bowen wildly spins the horse toward the fallen Einon, lea down in the saddle and scooping up his wounded charge.
5) 5) dialog: I'm here, my prince...my king. He whirls his horse back around and, sideswiping, a BARRE OF MILK, bounds over the barricade once more. Kara dives of the way, landing near the spilt milk now running into mixing with the blood of battle.
6) 0) text: Einon slumps back in Bowen's arms as the horse charges through the battlefield.
8) 2) dialog: Forgive me, my Queen.
8) 3) text: It's not your fault. The cruel excesses of his father brought him to this end. She gestures to a bed. Bowen lays him on it.
8) 6) dialog: He dies, Madan... Bowen slides the crown off his arm and places it in the b vhand.
8) 7) dialog: «+.Beyond all help.
10) 0) text: Aislinn, on horseback, leads Bowen and a body of GUARDS u mountain path, through the RUINS OF AN ANCIENT ROMAN CAST Brok and the others bear Einon on a hide stretcher suppor on spears. Walking his horse, Bowen hovers over the semi- conscious boy who still grips the crown and talks to him.
10) 1) dialog: (reciting) A knight is sworn to valour...
10) 3) dialog: His heart knows only virtue...
10) 5) dialog: His blade defends the helpless. His might upholds the weak... Bowen is suddenly distracted by an EERIE MUSICAL TRILLIN Sad and melancholy. It comes from further up the mountain The others hear it as well. Except for Einon whose mumble drifts to a groan. Bowen shakes him.
10) 6) dialog: You must stay awake, my lord. You must! Recite the code...
10) 8) dialog: Yes! His might upholds the weak...
10) 10) dialog: Yes... yes... His wrath...?
10) 11) dialog: (reciting together) His wrath undoes the wicked.
12) 0) text: Aislinn takes a torch and starts into the cave. From with echoes the mournful, musical TRILL. Bowen eyes her warily
12) 1) dialog: I know what place this is. It has the stink of dragon.
13) 18) dialog: Einon? Einon! He's dead! 12 In angry grief, Bowen grabs the sword hilt to wrest it fr the Dragon. But as he yanks, the Dragon's TALONS SCRAPE D
13) 24) dialog: I've served the father only for the sake of the son. In him go all the hopes of my heart. Forgive a doubting fool. Call when you've need of me, ask what you will of me. My sword and service are yours. The dragon has faded into the darkness. Only an occasiona shiny scale flickers.
14) 0) text: Bowen, on horseback, leads Aislinn's steed down the mount through the Roman ruins once more. Behind them comes Brok and the guard with... EINON. ..asleep on his stretcher, unconsciously fondling crown in his hands. The crown slips from his fingers, clanking to the ground. Einon jerks awake, sitting up bolt straight. A strange, fierce light in his eyes. He's tense with coiled energy. Brok signals the guard to halt and kneels beside Einon.
16) 8) dialog: Run! No encouragement needed, the prisoners scatter for the forest. Bowen's whirlwind appearance confuses Einon's men But one snaps out of it and tries to stop an escapee. Bow comes between them and cuts the soldier down. Meanwhile.. KARA...scrambles out of the rocks and, in the confusion, rushes down to Redbeard.
16) 13) dialog: Einon! You're unwell! Bewitched! (pleading) Don't do this! Remember the code!
16) 15) dialog: Only expose your back to a corpse. You forget everything I've taught you! Bowen, braced on his blade, bleeding from his shoulder an his head, tries to stagger up. Einon angrily leaps up and, whipping his horse away, lung at Bowen, still on his knees. But even kneeling, Bowen deflects Einon's wild charge.
16) 16) dialog: Control, little warrior! His blade knocks Einon's aside, then rips across the drag crest on the surcote. Bowen, still on his knees, counters Einon's fierce but undisciplined, crazed sallies, critiqu the boy's technique as he does.
16) 17) dialog: Purpose, not passion, Einon. Fight with your head... He slashes Einon's belt. It slides down his legs and trip him up. He lugges savagely atop the tottering Einon, forc him down, poistng his sword tip on the boy's heart.
16) 18) dialog: ».-not your heart. 17 The heart. His eyes smoldering with pained hurt, Bowen spies the torn dragon on the surcote, which rises and fal along with his blade, in chaotic rhythm to Einon's racing heart. The dragon's heart. The dragon. It's almost as though he can hear the cursed heart beating. Thump. Thump Thump. Pulsing with treacherous life. With a mad, griefstricken wail, Bowen raises his sword... jabs it in the ground beside Einon's head, staring at the with sorrow-filled eyes. His voice rasps with choked emotion.
16) 19) dialog: No one is above the code. Least of all, a king! ‘He leans down and kisses the boy. Tears well in his eyes he whirls up and sharply whistles. As Bowen's steed gallo up, Einon scrambles away, grasping his cheek where Bowen kissed him. His confused fear quickly turns to anger once more as Bowen mounts and spurs his steed off into the for
17) 0) text: Bowen gallops off through the sun-streaked trees. THE CAM
17) 1) text: KARA & REDBEARD..-.hiding in a tree, as Einon and his min ride in pursuit of Bowen.
18) 0) text: Bowen emerges from the dragon cave. In frustrated fury, h clangs his drawn sword against the rock. His horse whinni nervously, as the shrieking clang echoes out over the mountains where a shimmering half-orb of SUNLIGHT splays across a purple-orange sky.
18) 1) dialog: No matter where you fly, Dragon, no matter where you hide, I will find you! My oath will not save you! All bonds are broke by your betrayal. I make a new vow! I will undo your treachery!...Even if I must spend the rest of my life hunting you and your kind down! In the distance, Bowen's echoing oath is answered by A MOURNFUL TRILL...Every mountain seems to reverberate with tortured KEENING as the CAMERA PULLS BACK, capturing Bowe the golden flood of the sinking sun. WE HEAR A VOICE. 18
19) 12) dialog: Yes! Where? Gilbert gestures with a bent scroll clutched in his shaki hand. Bowen gives chase, he and his mount disappearing ov the hill of wheat. 20 A painful HOWL jerks the priest up, shivering. A BURST OF FIRE erupts in the sky from over the hill. The stalks qui in manic agitation. SOMETHING'S coming toward him! It's Bowen's riderless horse. Gilbert kneels in prayer. He's interrupted by ANOTHER HORRIBLE YOWL! Then... STILLNESS! Gilbert creeps to the wheat, listening. Nothin Then RUSTLING. Close by! A DRAGON HORN pokes through the stalks. Gilbert falls back with a yelp. It's only... BOWEN...holding a SEVERED DRAGON HORN. Bowen goes to his horse and begins to affix his latest tr to his shield. Gilbert scrambles to his feet and, pluckin up scattered scrolls along the way, rushes to the knight.
19) 14) dialog: Then you must've led the life of a... monk.
19) 16) dialog: You have a poet's gift of exaggeration. Gilbert thinks it's a compliment and holds up a scroll.
19) 18) dialog: Then may the Lord savour it. There's too little glory to be shared in this kill.
19) 20) dialog: Hardly worthy of Camelot...Still it's one less dragon... Bowen looks at the new horn and all the others on his shi with bitter satisfaction. His grim rumination is interrup by CLATTERING HOOVES. An effete, oily lord, FELTON, rides with THREE BURLY MEN-AT-ARMS. Felton deigns to salute Bow with a bejewelled hand.
19) 22) dialog: Keep the gratitude. I'll take gold. Yours or the King's.
19) 24) dialog: We struck a bargain. One dragon put down, one pouch of gold. Gilbert's idea of chivalry is dismayed by this mercenary display.
19) 26) dialog: It has expenses! Honour cannot fill my belly or shoe my horse. (wheels to Felton) I ask no more than any man. A fair price for a fair skill.
19) 28) dialog: Not of this realm! I bend no knee to Einon. 22
19) 32) dialog: I've noticed.
19) 34) dialog: Come evening, I shall be far from here, priest. Gilbert mounts and the two head up the ridge.
19) 36) dialog: Unless Einon's taxed it, the road's still free and a man may travel which way he chooses, Bowen addresses this last to Felton as he passes by, who ponders as he watches them go... 23
22) 0) text: Bowen and Gilbert sit at a campfire, gnawing on roasted mutton joints. As Bowen affixes his latest trophy to his dragon-horn shield, Gilbert recites from a parchment, spraying bits of half-chewed food in his bombastic style waving his mutton joint in time to his suspect meter and dubious rhythm.
22) 4) dialog: Your mutton is very good...Avalon is a fable, priest. ‘Ego ruffled, Gilbert rummages through his bag of scrolls
22) 7) dialog: And when you do?
22) 9) dialog: But, you know, Brother Gilbert, it's said not only Arthur lies at Avalon, but also the Gateway to the Underworld. So take care. The spirits you call may come. He tosses his mutton bone into the fire and works on his shield. 29
22) 11) dialog: No prayers can resurrect that pale ghost... Gilbert has caught the regret in Bowen's voice.
22) 13) dialog: Men of faith may follow a fable, priest. But my only faith is my sword...And I already have a quest.
22) 15) dialog: To slay all dragons...And one, in particular... Bowen's shield is finished, he holds up in the firelight inspect it. Gilbert's face lights up in awe and pleasure, though he's found the hero of his next epic poem.
23) 0) text: Bowen rides out of a dark forest into the light along the bank of a shallow creekbed. As his horse steps into the water, Bowen reins him up, leaning down in the saddle, examining... A DRAGON TRACK...impressed in the mud, visible through th clear, rippling water. Bowen glances up and smiles. A gentle WATERFALL spills ov an OVERHANG OF ROCK. His dragon will be there. Bowen jerk up his lance and reins his steed toward the falls.
23) 2) dialog: What are you doing here?
23) 4) dialog: Far away. Gilbert doesn't get it, chuckles, and fumbles in his bag.
23) 6) dialog: Ssssh! We'll be the only things cold and hard around here if you don't shut up! Bowen pokes his lance through the scroll, jerking it away Gilbert indignantly snatches it back.
23) 11) dialog: That doesn't frighten me.
23) 14) dialog: I won't be added to it. Bowen thrusts his lance at the figure on the other side o the fall. But the pike is yanked on from the other side o the waterscreen and Bowen, still gripping it, is yanked a with it. He spills from the saddle, somersaulting into th creek. A moment later, the two pieces of his broken lance shoot of the waterfall, the steel pointed end nearly impaling B as it jabs into the creekbed beside him.
24) 0) text: A BOLT OF FLAME deflects against Bowen's shield, sparks h and smoke against the moist cavern floor. Bowen grins up the DRAGON -- A HULKING, HAZY SHADOW, in the smoky dark - lurking on a shelf of rock above him. The Dragon does hav quite a collection. Bones and armour litter the place.
24) 1) dialog: Little damp for fire, isn't it?
24) 3) dialog: I don't need a name...and I have a collection of my own. Bowen holds out his shield. The dragon horns glint ina rainbow of sunlight prismed through the waterfall.
24) 5) dialog: It's honest enough work! Ridding the country of you lot. One must earn a living.
24) 7) dialog: Don't flatter yourself. No profit this time, purely pleasure. Bowen draws his sword. The dragon's eyes widen in recognition!
27) 0) text: BOWEN...dashes out of the falls and onto his horse. Gilbe just rising, ducks for cover in the water again as the kn gallops past him into the woods after the dragon.
28) 0) text: Bowen races through the trees.
30) 0) text: Bowen, at full gallop, places his reins in his teeth, and yanks a set of KNOTTED STRINGS from his saddle pommel. The flaps of his saddle-bags pop open. A BOLO-CHAIN catapults out, shoots skyward.
33) 0) text: In Bulldog fashion, Bowen wraps the chain around his sadd horn, continuing to keep pace with the Dragon above. Then the saddle harness snaps...and both saddle and Bowen still grasping the chain, are dragged across the ground a
35) 0) text: Clutching the chain for dear dear, still in the saddle, careening through the underbrush, sometimes dragging on t ground sometimes, whirling in the air, clanking stones an trees. Birds and small animals scurry from thickets. He avoids a near-collision with a tree as the Dragon suddenl veers his course, taking Bowen straight into the path of. ANOTHER TREE...with a dead log leaning against it. Both Bowen and the saddle ride up the log. Bowen leaps from th saddle running up the leaning log as he sees the chain th through the forked branches of a tree. Grabbing the saddl Bowen wedges it in the fork. It works. For a moment. Then the Dragon's momentum partially uproots the tree, causing Bowen to leap from th jostled dead log which comes careening down behind him. H tumbles and rolls and the tree just misses him. He peeks over over the trunk to see...
38) 0) text: Bowen staggers up, dazed and dizzy, and starts to follow trail of chain. up over the ridge where the dragon crash- landed. No sooner has he disappeared than Gilbert arrives, mumbli to himself trying to re-capture his poem as he ties Merli up.
39) 0) text: Bowen, sword drawn, charging down into a small clearing w the Dragon, snarls and snaps, struggling to untangle the from his ankle.
39) 1) dialog: Fleeing from an honourable challenge? What manner of Dragon, are you?
39) 3) dialog: You're good. Haven't had this sort of challenge in some time.
39) 5) dialog: Over-confident, aren't we?
39) 7) dialog: Ha! I'11 keep on till I've exterminated every last one of you.
39) 9) dialog: You're just trying to save your scaly hide with tricks. Bowen ducks as another fireball strikes behind him.
39) 11) dialog: I got this one just the other day. 37
39) 13) dialog: What business is it of yours? The Dragon's taunts rankle Bowen, which is just what the Dragon wants. For he notices Bowen is stepping very near chain still attached to the Dragon's foot.
39) 15) dialog: Shut up, you! Bowen raises his blade to strike, but as he does he strad the chain. The Dragon pulls back his foot, the chain snap up and catches Bowen mid-crotch. Bowen goes tumbling, los his shield. The Dragon rears up, opening his jaws. AND OPENING! They DISTEND like a snake's, stretching inordinately wide as s eyeteeth fangs suddenly spring out...
39) 17) dialog: Watching as the the black maw of the Dragon descends on h ALL BECOMES BLACKNESS, until...
39) 20) dialog: If your teeth come down, my sword goes up. Right into your brain!
41) 0) text: Bowen. crouches uncomfortably inside the mouth, propping sword arm up with his other hand, staring up at the fangs He notices a PIECE OF CLOTH stuck between the back teeth. Bowen gives it a tug. It's a sleeve...with a SKELETAL HAN still in it. Bowen recognizes the ring on the bony finger and drops it.
41) 1) dialog: Good Lord, Sir Eglamore!
42) 0) text: Bowen throws the hand away in disgust.
42) 2) dialog: Why should you be comfortable? My armour is rusting in your drool. And your breath is absolutely foul!
42) 4) dialog: Hey!
43) 0) text: A HUGE BALL OF SALIVA rolls up the Dragon's throat and sm Bowen in the face. He wipes off, growling.
43) 1) dialog: Watch it!
43) 3) dialog: (not giving an inch) But I can go three days without sleep.
43) 5) dialog: I'll stab you before I nod off.
44) 2) dialog: What do you suggest?
44) 4) dialog: How do I know I can trust you?
44) 6) dialog: A dragon's word is worthless.
45) 0) text: The dragon's tongue flaps up with an exasperated snarl, jostling the precarious perched Bowen.
45) 3) dialog: I should have known. Go on! Kill me}
45) 6) dialog: What alternative?
57) 1) dialog: Pesky critters, dragons... Felton whirls to see Bowen, ahorse, armed to the teeth.
57) 2) dialog: ...like big rodents. You never seem to get rid of them... Felton loses a grip on his pants. They fall to his ankles
58) 2) dialog: You owe me from last time and I want that in advance too! The Minx strokes Bowen's horse and smiles coyly at the knight. Bowen smiles back and winks.
60) 0) text: +..a harvested wheatfield at the edge of a LAKE. Bowen is manuevering an OX towing a CART OF BOULDERS. He brings th ox to a halt. The cart is ballast, attached via ropes and pulleys to a CATAPULT CONTRAPTION called "A WHACKER". Bowen goes to an adjustable TRIPOD and loads it with a heavy HARPOON. Calculating and adjusting, Bowen sights... THE DRAGON...who comes sweeping into view. BOWEN...slices the ROPE-TRIGGER with his sword and... EXT, FELTON'S MILL - LAKE - DRAGON'S POV — DAY .+.the HARPOON shoots from its cradle and zooms up toward target.
62) 0) text: THE CROWD and FELTON...it looks like Bowen's scored a dir hit. An impression helped immeasurably by Dragon's spectacular, if overwrought, death scene.
65) 0) text: Bowen's foreseen this. He gives a shrill whistle. Bowen's horse, awaiting cue, emerges from behind a haystack and a gallops past, Bowen swings in the saddle and rides off...
69) 0) text: Bowen rides across a grassy steppe, counting the day's ta Suddenly the dragon floats by him in the air, belly up, h wings flapping idly as he circles Bowen and tries to blow patch of wool from the corner of his mouth.
69) 1) dialog: Most profitable. I should have met you long ago, Dragon.
69) 3) dialog: I am a Knight of the Old Code. My word is my bond. 46
69) 5) dialog: About what?
69) 7) dialog: That's debatable! Fleecing Einon's lordly lackeys is a service to mankind.
69) 9) dialog: Not my concern. Why stick my neck out for people afraid to risk their own? Don't clutter up a clever scheme with dubious morality. And stand still! I'm getting dizzy! The Dragon surreptitiously studies Bowen's vehement react with interest. He stops circling and lights.
69) 11) dialog: (hotly) If I wanted my conscience pricked, I'd have stayed with the priest. And what does a dragon know of the Old Code, anyway?
69) 13) dialog: Stop it! I remember the words. And that's all it is! A memory. Dead and gone. And nothing...nothing... can bring it back. Bowen, voice thick with emotion, turns from the Dragon.
69) 15) dialog: And failed...So I no longer try to change the world, Dragon, but try merely to get by in it.
69) 17) dialog: Is it? It comes out too bitter...Bowen self-consciously shifts t
69) 18) dialog: .»--For you, I mean. I should think you'd welcome death. The last of your race. All your friends dead. Hated and hunted wherever you go...
69) 20) dialog: Why? Aside from your misery, what's to lose?
76) 0) text: A dagger plunges down...against a flint. CAMERA BACK. Bow and the Dragon camp in a canyon. A plucked bird is skewer ona spit. Bowen tries to start a fire with a flint. The Dragon watches in amusement. Flame snorts from his nostri and the campfire's ablaze. So's the bird. Bowen nods a dubious thanks as the Dragon wipes the black rings from h nostrils with a sniff.
76) 3) dialog: I hated one of you. (refers to shield) These I killed, because I wanted to kill him. But never found him. Never shall. If you are the last, he must be dead. 52
76) 5) dialog: He had only half a heart. But even one half held enough evil to pollute an innocent. Dragon, forgetting himself, rises up, hotly.
76) 7) dialog: So you know the story, Dragon?
76) 9) dialog: No! I knew that boy. Taught hin. Taught him the ways of honour and right. The Old Code.
76) 11) dialog: That's a lie, Dragon!
76) 13) dialog: What is it then, Dragon? This breaks the tension. The Dragon shrugs sheepishly.
76) 17) dialog: You're right. I couldn't pronounce it... Again, the Dragon moans and Bowen realizes he wasn't gett a language lesson. This language is universal -- PAIN! He wheels to see the Dragon fall, wincing to the ground. ‘INT. EINON'S CASTLE - BEDCHAMBER - ON WINE CUP - NIGHT Einon's wine cup rolls on the floor, the wine seeping acr the stones like blood. CAMERA UP. Einon, a startled glaze in his eyes, slumps against the wall. HIS DAGGER is burie hilt deep in his left shoulder. Kara glares at him.
77) 0) text: Firelight reflects across his face as... BOWEN...concern etched in his face, uses a wet saddle bla as a compress for the Dragon's shoulder, still glowing ho STEAM puffs up in a SIZZLING HISS as Bowen places the bla over the wound and the glow subsides.
77) 2) dialog: What was it?
77) 4) dialog: Forgive me if anything I said...If I upset you...
82) 2) dialog: I've...been thinking...
82) 4) dialog: Many things...Mostly what to call you. I've found you a name.
82) 6) dialog: I did. Up there. See that cluster of stars there?
84) 1) dialog: Do you see the shape they make?
84) 3) dialog: Yes. We call it DRACO. It means dragon in the scholar's speech.
84) 5) dialog: You're right. It's a silly idea.
84) 7) dialog: Bowen.
86) 7) dialog: Why waste good food on bad rhetoric? Kara's smile disappears as she snarls in umbrage. 60
86) 9) dialog: (munching squash) Truth is rarely inspiring, lass, and never wins rebellions. But. it can stretch rebels' necks...if there is a neck under that vegetable patch. Kara self-consciously wipes at her face. Grinning, Bowen, offers her the other squash half. She indignantly shoves in his face. The crowd laughs then... A WOMAN SCREAMS...and points skyward...A WIND rustles thr the village as the crowd dives for cover. Bowen wipes the ‘squash from his eyes just in time to see: DRACO'S WING...dip past, knocking a PATCH OF THATCH off a roof. It plops on... BOWEN...who falls to the ground underneath it. He comes u spewing thatch and glaring skyward, mumbling to himself.
86) 10) dialog: Show-off...
87) 0) text: Draco, smoke curling from his nostrils, perches on a rock ledge overhanging a GROVE OF TREES a short distance from village like a vulture, hungrily eying... THE VILLAGERS...huddling behind their hut. Hewe dickers w a peeved Bowen, still picking thatch out of his clothes.
87) 1) dialog: Where's the Lord responsible for this village?
87) 3) dialog: Well, I won't pluck them as deeply! It was a fair offer, take it or leave..-him! (points to Draco) The villagers mumble among themselves as Kara shoves thro the crowd, dripping mud and mushy vegetables in her wake.
87) 5) dialog: That's right. Perhaps you'll part with one of your delectable daughters instead of gold. Dragons are partial to maiden sacrifices. The Rotund Villager fans his arms in front of his daughte to protect them from such a horrid thought. But Hewe like the idea, with alterations...
88) 2) dialog: Superstitious yokels. He mounts up and rides out of the village.
89) 0) text: From his perch, Draco watches the shenanigans of the villagers in utter befuddlement. Suddenly, he sees Bowen below, riding up to the base of the rock.
89) 2) dialog: A nuisance. Get rid of her. 62
89) 4) dialog: They're trying to placate you with a sacrifice.
89) 6) dialog: Never mind! They're imbeciles. DRACO. Barbarians!
89) 7) dialog: Just get rid of her!
89) 9) dialog: How should I know? Eat her.
89) 11) dialog: My, aren't we squeamish? You ate Sir Eglamore.
89) 13) dialog: Oh...then I suppose torching her's out of the question.
89) 15) dialog: It would impress the yokels.
89) 17) dialog: Well...then...improvise! Draco heaves a sigh and swoops off the rock towards... 63
91) 0) text: A sour-faced Bowen comes riding through. Suddenly he hear TRILLING. The strange DRAGONSONG. But this time the music trill is light and happy, not melancholy as before. -Bowen spurs his horse to the sound, coming to a clearing where he spies...
92) 8) dialog: Yes! You remember the village. Both Kara and Draco turn to... 64 BOWEN...stomping toward them. Kara emits a warlike screec and leaps onto his horse. She plops in the saddle, face~t face with Bowen and starts to pummel him.
92) 10) dialog: Where have you been?
92) 12) dialog: You should have eaten her!
92) 14) dialog: Why not? You left me high and dry. Worried to death...
92) 16) dialog: .+-Here I am waiting around...I don't know what's happened? Where you are? When you're coming back?... Suddenly Draco tenses. All aquiver. Listening. He whirls back behind the waterfall. Kara watches him go.
92) 17) dialog: ...-If you're coming back? You just... Bowen wheels back to Draco, only to discover him gone.
92) 18) dialog: ...disappear... He glares suspiciously at Kara, as though she's hidden hi Before she can respond, Draco's head pops through the waterfall. 65
92) 21) dialog: Get off your horse and I'll give you one.
92) 23) dialog: Stick to slaughtering peasants. It's safer.
92) 25) dialog: It was you who broke with me. Einon idly strokes his scar in dark and, perhaps, even regretful remembrance. But he shakes off old memories wit twisted smile.
92) 27) dialog: I think the lady wants to stay lost. 66
92) 29) dialog: My three feet of steel says it is, Kara laughs, delighted to have a defender. Einon flushes with anger. Then he slowly smiles as he unsheaths his swo
92) 33) dialog: Only expose your back to a corpse. That's one lesson you never learned. Einon's men start to rush in, but Einon comes up shaking water, eyes flashing.
94) 0) text: The swordplay is dazzling and Bowen's holding his own. Bu Einon's younger. And faster.
94) 2) dialog: They were your beliefs!
94) 4) dialog: They were! The old code...
94) 6) dialog: No! You knew the words! You spoke them!
94) 8) dialog: Lies! I taught you...
94) 10) dialog: Who asked you to butt in? I had everything under control! Draco doesn't answer. He watches Einon ride off, disturbe and concerned. Someone else is disturbed by something. Bowen feels a tug at his sleeve. It's Kara.
94) 14) dialog: That village ought to give it a little exercise. He looks up as a SHADOW passes overhead.
94) 16) dialog: I have no other wound. 69
94) 18) dialog: What wound festers in you, girl?
94) 20) dialog: Well, that's the way the wretched world turns, girl.
94) 22) dialog: False hope! Even if you could raise a ragtag army, what chance do they have against seasoned troops? The last time they tried it ended up a massacre. I remember! I was there!
94) 26) dialog: Myself once upon a time... 70 Bowen mounts his horse. As the Shadow passes overhead aga he calls up to it.
94) 27) dialog: I'll see you in the village, Draco. As he mounts up, Draco floats down beside Kara, appraisin her with sad, disturbed eyes.
95) 0) text: Bowen swats at BUZZING MOSQUITOS as he rides through a marshland river toward... A VILLAGE...situated on an island in the middle of a DREA MIST-ENSHROUDED MARSH. From the looks of it, the village fairly dreary too. From the mud and straw huts emerge SEVERAL TALL BRUTISH WARRIORS who come forth to meet Bowe They hesitate as the RUSTLE OF WINGS and WIND kicks past them, looking skyward. So does Bowen. Then he looks dubiously at the village. With a weary shake of his head, swats another mosquito and leads his horse through the shallow marsh. EXT. SWAMP VILLAGE - MONEY SACK —- DAY A MONEY SACK is passed from hand-to-hand...each dropping something of value in it. A coin or two...a tarnished gob +..a ring. CAMERA BACK as the sack is given to the VILLAG CHIEF -- a gaunt giant who holds the sack out to: BOWEN...miserable. The village is miserable. The villager are miserable. Towering, ragged giants, hollow cheeks and haunted eyes. No minion of Einon's here to gouge. Nor to act as a salve to his guilty conscience. Mortified, Bowen swats at the mosquitos that seem to abound. Even the clim and the livestock are miserable. He stares up at... DRACO...who menacingly flies over the swamp. 71
95) 3) dialog: Is this a fraud? That girl's a wandering idiot, babbling nonsense!
95) 6) dialog: Gilbert!
95) 10) dialog: (smugly) I never lose. Chief thrusts the money at Bowen again, but Kara stops hi
95) 12) dialog: Told you. An addle-pated ninny! Everyone is laughing now, except a fuming Kara!
96) 0) text: Bowen has once again devised "A WHACKER". Gilbert gleeful helps out, driving the ballast-cart ox into position unti Bowen signals him to stop.
96) 1) dialog: Whoa, Gilbert. Hold it steady there! As Bowen loads and sights "The Whacker", Kara, like one o the constantly buzzing mosquitos, hovers beside Bowen, speaking so Gilbert cannot overhear.
96) 3) dialog: Wait till you see how low Draco sinks. Twang! Bowen slices the rope-trigger and the HARPOON flie off toward... DRACO...who expertly snares the lance under his wing and, before, goes into his death-throes and swoons down into t marsh. But not under! He lands with a huge muddy splat th sprays both Kara and Bowen. Bowen wipes off muck, finding Draco at the edge of the sw belly up, eyes closed, frozen in an awkward death pose.
96) 4) dialog: Well, sink! sink!
96) 7) dialog: Actually, he's about the same size. Bowen steers Gilbert away. But he can't steer away... THE SWAMP PEOPLE...charging up. Armed to the teeth with axes. Mouths watering. Chanting rapturously.
96) 9) dialog: Uh-oh... Shocked, Draco breaks his death tableau, jerking his head
96) 12) dialog: No! Stay back! They don't...rushing by him, chanting "Meat!", toward... DRACO...flopping up an@ fluttering about like a duck stuc the mud. He finally gets unstuck and, just as the swamp dwellers descend on him, whooshes out of the mud and out reach. The swamp people turn back, glaring with suspicious hunge at... BOWEN & KARA...who watch them start to close in.
96) 13) dialog: (to Kara) Happy now? They're on to us.
96) 15) dialog: Come on. We don't want to stay for dinner. He scoops Kara over the back of the saddle like a sack of wheat and spurs his horse through the pack of angry swamp More swampers rush... 74 GILBERT...utterly baffled by all this. He hollers a start screech and sloshes through the marsh, joining the panick parade of swampers, Bowen, Kara, and the horse. He runs smack dab into the chief, who raises his huge cleaver. Before it can come down, the money sack smacks h in the chops...flung by Bowen, riding up.
96) 16) dialog: No dragon, no charge! Bowen gives the priest a hand onto the rump of the overbu steed. Gilbert clutches slumped-over Kara's rump.
97) 7) dialog: What one?
98) 2) dialog: The Round Table..Here was Sir Gawain's place...Here Galahad...
98) 4) dialog: »»-Lancelot...the right hand of Arthur.
98) 8) dialog: Omens and shadows won't win battles. Nor will you. You'll find out soon enough when you try to raise your army. (to Kara) You already know the courage of your village. They're very brave at pelting girls with vegetables.
98) 17) dialog: It was you. Your half-heart beats in Einon's breast. Draco descends into the circle of stone, baring the scale his breast, revealing a jagged crimson scar.
98) 19) dialog: (quiet hollowness) No more than I...Always I dreamed of serving noble kings and nobler ideals. But dreams die hard. And you hold them in your hands long after they've crumbled to dust. And in your heart long after they've soured to bitter poison... I will not be that naive again. 78
99) 0) text: RAIN comes down in torrents. CAMERA PANS TO... -BOWEN...who seeks shelter in the hollow of crumbling tur The wind howls. The rain lances through the ever-present mist. Bowen pulls up his cloak. Then he hears...A HOARSE WHISPER.
99) 9) dialog: A knight is sworn to valour. His heart knows only virtue. Blade defends the helpless. Upholds the weak. Speaks only truth...! He's stopped, realizing his is the only voice he hears. T others are silent. All but one...Arthur's image is fading back into the stone.
99) 11) dialog: (whispering) +--undoes the wicked. Thunder roars. Lightning flashes. In its jagged light, something new is revealed.. DRACO...Bowen stares up longingly at him and Draco, the r streaming down his face, into his kindly eyes, stretches his wing to shield the knight from the storm. There they stay, huddled in the shadow of the rocky symbo their once-lost dreams and their new-found hope...two los souls cleansed and purified in the heavenly rain and reun in a common vision.
100) 2) dialog: Save your strength for the fight against Einon.
100) 4) dialog: I'm going to start one. Kara and Gilbert react to this good news.
100) 6) dialog: He'll enlist! He jerks a thumb over his shoulder at... DRACO...as he rising up from behind the horizon of a ridg Majestic. Aglow. Like fire. Ablaze in the morning sun.
102) 0) text: Kara swings a heavy BATTLE-AXE through a series of exerci As she whirls it above her head, the momentum sends her staggering back against... BOWEN...who stops her fall..
102) 1) dialog: Easy...
102) 3) dialog: Here...widen your stance. He guides her arms up, holding the axe aloft.
102) 4) dialog: Up...then down. 82 Their arms swing down together. Their bodies sway forward his pressed tightly against her from behind.
102) 5) dialog: That's it...One fluid stroke.. The downward arc of the axe almost throws Kara off-balanc But Bowen's enfolding arms steady her. Her hair brushes h face. Her lips almost touch his cheek as she turns to hin
102) 7) dialog: Like a pudding. Neither moves from their awkward embrace. Her warm breath intoxicates him and he reels back from her spell, axe in hand. Then grinning with school-boy bravura, he flings th axe. It spirals through the air, striking a PUMPKIN and splitting it neatly in two.
103) 0) text: A BOWSTRING is pulled tentatively back... GILBERT...is the archer, receiving patient instruction fr Bowen.
103) 1) dialog: That's it! Sight along the arrow. Now release! "THWACK!" THE ARROW buries itself right in the middle of STRAW MAN'S HEART. CAMERA PANS to Gilbert. He smiles proudly over at... THE DUMBFOUNDED PEASANTS...mouths agape...including Hewe.
103) 3) dialog: Brother Gilbert, you're a natural.
103) 5) dialog: Not for the fellow you're aiming at. Try again. 83 He points at the straw target again. Gilbert delightedly lets fly with another direct hit. Right in the dumny's crotch. Bowen grins and looks over at a disbelieving Hewe and shrugs.
103) 6) dialog: A natural.
104) 0) text: Bowen sleeps in his tent. Suddenly, A BELLOWING HONKING W pierces his slumber, He jerks awake, naked to the waist, eyes wide with a startled groggy glaze. He turns to see.. Kara...holding a war trumpet.
104) 6) dialog: Too fast! What's the hurry? 84
104) 8) dialog: (pulls on his jerkin) What crises? Kara grabs his jaw in her hand and, mushing up his cheeks jerks his face back and forth,
104) 11) dialog: To cut throats, not to shave them!
104) 13) dialog: I'm not yet! Don't be overconfident.
106) 0) text: Outside, they shout for him. Bowen stares at the helmet i his trembling hands.
106) 2) dialog: Please... He attends to the arm guards while she fastens the leggin He feels her soft hands on his calves. So close. So beautiful. She helps him on with the breastplate.
106) 4) dialog: They expect much.
106) 6) dialog: And if I don't lead them to victory?
106) 9) dialog: Not quite. It is custom to bestow a favour on a knight.
106) 11) dialog: A veil or a scarf that he wears into battle as a token from his lady.
106) 13) dialog: I should be honoured to wear your favour.
106) 15) dialog: You are the woman I love. Kara stiffens at this blunt confession. Thrilled by it, b frightened by it. He gently turns her to him.
106) 17) dialog: No...not your heart... Kara looks into his eyes, bright with love. She takes her father's HEADBAND from around her neck and ties it to his arm. He leans down and kisses her.
108) 0) text: .-.the crest of the ridge. In the valley below, Brok sees THE REBEL CAMP...teeming with well-armed peasants as far the eye can see. A SUDDEN ROAR echoes out over the valley It is an ALARUM that alert the entire camp to readiness. suddenly sees... BOWEN...ride out on his charger. He turns back and signal to Gilbert, Hewe with a small body of armed men behind th He also signals to... DRACO...perched on the rocky cliff rising up out of the g behind the village, roaring out his alarum again. This is enough for... BROK...who gazes at the dragon with startled eyes, then a Bowen charging up toward him. Brok whips his horse around and takes off the way he came..
113) 0) text: A guardpost BONFIRE burns brightly as Bowen approaches it carrying something in hand. It is his DRAGON-HORNED SHIEL He casts it into the flame. It burns furiously with an -almost SUPERNATURAL LIGHT...LIKE MAGNESIUM. Brilliant gl spark and flare off the burning horns.
113) 2) dialog: A knight of the Old Code needs no such adornment.
113) 4) dialog: Like a promise of hope.
113) 7) dialog: Not done for you. If we are victorious tomorrow, we'll have need of you. 90
113) 9) dialog: What do you see?
114) 0) text: +.-The DRACO EMBLEM on Bowen's armour glinting gold in th sunlight. Tied to his arm is Kara's favour. He is at the head of his ARMY. Draco's image is also on the banners flapping gloriously in the morning breeze. IN SEVERAL SHOTS AND ANGLES, THE CAMERA CATCHES the motle but proudly determined army as it MARCHES out of camp. Ka and Gilbert ride by Bowen's side. Hewe, foot, marches at head of the troop with the other "GENERALS". Hewe glances up. Others follow his gaze as... DRACO...swoops overhead. He dips a wing in salute. BOWEN...acknowledges Draco's salute with a raised sword a the dragon banks left in the direction of Einon castle.
116) 0) text: In a field between the castle walls and the forest masses peasant army, BOWEN and HEWE at its head. The rebels chee as Draco rains more flame down on the denizens of the cas
118) 0) text: The peasants retreat without a blow being struck. Einon, spies Bowen in the rout. He laughs deliriously.
119) 2) dialog: Now! 93 Behind Einon's calvary, A REBEL swings by on a rope out o tree, a FLAMING FAGGOT IN HIS HANDS. He dips the torch in TRENCH filled with PITCH. The fire runs across the forest and up both sides creating a U-shaped barrier boxing in t knights. The horses panic as the walls of flame rise around them. Then they descend... HUNDREDS OF PEASANTS...Bowen motions them forward with hi sword and they charge en masse. Panicked knights try to j their horses through the flames as pikemen pick knights o horses and the swordmen and axe-wielders fall upon them. CAMERA CLOSES IN ON EINON as he realizes his mistake but ‘assumes comand.
119) 8) dialog: More pudding's coming. Kara's being rushed by two men. Bowen by three. One he quickly dispatches and takes his sword. He grips his two blades, Kara her two axes. Grinning grimly, shoulder-to- shoulder, they take on all-comers.
122) 0) text: Bowen and Kara are pressed back-to-back as Einon suddenly rides by. Both recognize him.
122) 1) dialog: _Gilbert, stop him! Gilbert also recognizes Einon and notches a METAL-PIERCIN ARROW. As he tautly, tensely pulls back the bow, he is grimly aware for the first time of the full power of his remarkable talent. But though his conscience wavers, his bow-arm does not.
124) 0) text: With devastating skill, both Kara and Bowen dispatch thei enemies. For both have witnessed all... Einon taking the arrow, Draco's screech of pain and fall.
124) 1) dialog: Draco!
127) 2) dialog: Nooo!
128) 0) text: With an anguished shout, Bowen tears down the hill for Ei Kara watches his furious, futile chase and exchanges a worried glance with Gilbert, who rushes up to her. They b look to Bowen who has given up his chase. He turns to the his face a mask of anguished determination.
130) 0) text: Hewe and the rebels survey the carnage they have wrought. Savouring the taste of victory. Tall and proud. Men once more. As Bowen, Kara, and Gilbert emerge into the forest, Hewe salutes them with an upraised sword and a smile. But his smile vanishes when he sees their long faces.
132) 0) text: Draco's MELANCHOLY TRILL echoes from the castle walls out across the night to the forest's edge where camp a dispir group of rebels. CAMERA PANS TO: BOWEN...listening to Draco's sad song in anguish as Gilbe dresses a wound on Kara's shoulder.
132) 1) dialog: Why does he keep him alive! He must be torturing him.
132) 4) dialog: What are you saying?
132) 7) dialog: No! No...Gilbert must have missed. (fiercely) It doesn't matter. Nothing matters except that Draco is still alive. Bowen hops up on a stump and shouts to his men.
132) 8) dialog: I go to save the Dragon. Who goes with me? No rush to volunteer. Just muttered oaths and sullen face Bowen turns in disgust to find Kara holding out his sword
134) 0) text: Kara leads Gilbert and Bowen to the hole in the wall's ro foundation. As they are about to enter, Draco's wailing lament echoes from inside. The three exchange a worried glance and dart into the passage.
135) 0) text: Kara leads Bowen and Gilbert into the cistern from the passageway. Bowen charges for the courtyard door.
136) 0) text: The secret passage opens. Bowen, Kara, and Gilbert creep in...only to find Einon comfortably sprawled on the bed.
136) 2) dialog: To bury you, Einon. Blade out, Bowen charges, stabbing only the bedclothes, a Einon whirls off the bed, arrogantly grinning.
137) 0) text: Einon rumbles down the stone steps and slumps lifelessly there. Bowen rushes dwn on the limp form... ---and nearly gets decapitated, as Einon's eyes flick ope and he lunges. 103 Angered, Bowen attacks with a wild sally. Einon, confiden in his invincibility, cooly deflects the blade and forces Bowen back into the cistern.
137) 5) dialog: Just one more.
137) 7) dialog: The last one your father learned. The wound has renwed Bowen's cool vigor. He is calm and h as he drives Einon up into a dark cistern tunnel. All tha can be seen in the blackness are the blue sparks of the clanging blades.
139) 0) text: Einon drives Bowen up a castle stairwell. The knight is hard-pressed, but holding his own.
139) 2) dialog: I'll slow you so you won't get any older. The duellists fight their way up the stairs.
141) 2) dialog: My rebels are storming your castle.
143) 0) text: Odolf, in the courtyard, looks to Oram on the parapet. Bo grip their spears in edgy tenseness, reacting to the soun of battle, the fight up the tower, and Draco's writhing agony. His arm GLOWS A THROBBING RED where Bowen cut Eino
144) 0) text: Bowen and Einon burst through the door into a half-crumbl TOWER-ROOM. It is roofless, most of it's walls destroyed, open to the elements. Its vantage point gives us a spectacular view of the whole castle and the country beyo And Draco chained in the courtyard below. 106 They duel over and around building materials and scaffold locked in fierce combat. Sparks fly from their clanging blades. Bowen presses Einon hard.
144) 1) dialog: (cold hate) Once you held this sword in a sacred oath, which you broke. Now embrace it again. Bowen swipes a wicked thrust that Einon barely sidesteps. Bowen blade cracks against a piece of masonry. Einon whir in with no mercy. Bowen tosses his broken hilt at Einon a dives into a clutter of scaffolding. Einon chops and hack at it sending splintered chips flying as he tries to fini Bowen off. He laughs in malicious glee, eyes glinting lik “madman.
147) 0) text: Kara dashes to the window, as Bowen clings to his axe-han on the swinging shutter. Both look down.
148) 0) text: Bowen looks over at Kara.
148) 1) dialog: So much for his immortality. But echoing below comes Draco's AGONIZED GROAN! Bowen cal to the dragon, whose pain-wracked body GLOWS RED TORMENT.
148) 2) dialog: Draco! Just then...the axe gives in the shutter! Then unwedges itself and Bowen falls out into space.
149) 0) text: Odolf, realizing Einon's dead, wheels on the chained drag and, grinning, utters a war-cry and charges with his spea But he suddenly hears something behind him. It is... BOWEN...riding the pulley~line down and swooping in on Od from behind. Odolf holds up his spear to block the descending axe. But the blade slices through the shaft an buries itself in Odolf's chest. A WAIL OF GRIEF AND OUTRA echoes from... THE BATTLEMENTS...where ORAM, having witnessed his brothe death, pulls his bow string taut. But before he can unlea his arrow, Draco's nostril shoots a SPRAY OF FLAME that engulfs the dragonslayer, the impact knocking him off the parapet with an agonizing scream, as..
151) 0) text: Bowen pilfers the keys off Odolf's belt and starts to unl the shackles about Draco's neck. Draco stretches his neck
151) 2) dialog: What? Kara arrives in the courtyard from the tower, overhearing Draco.
151) 4) dialog: That is not true.
151) 6) dialog: (refusing to believe) Einon is dead! Tell him, Kara! But Kara can't. She is uncertain. She knows what she's seen. But she also knows Draco.
151) 8) dialog: You saw it!
151) 10) dialog: It doesn't matter! {gestures to the battle noise) Don't you hear it? Our rebels...our silly, sorry little band of rebels have stormed the castle. Alive or dead, Einon's beaten. We've won! 109
151) 12) dialog: No!
151) 16) dialog: (torn) You're the last!
151) 18) dialog: You're my friend!
151) 20) dialog: I can't! I can't send you soulless into Hell!
151) 29) dialog: You are a corpse. Einon flops down beside Draco and, with a strangled groan his eyes close. Just a brief second before Draco's own di and close, with one last GRATEFUL LOOK at... BOWEN...who sees Draco SMILE BEATIFICALLY as his eyelids flutter down. Going to his final rest with SERENE PEACE O SAINT. Bowen kneels forlornly over Draco's still body. Ka joins the vigil, oblivious to the ringing shouts of victo elsewhere in the castle. Hewe, Gilbert, and a vanguard of the rebels rush in and...seeing the dragon, their jubiliation is quickly for Gilbert joins his friends, crossing himself. The others e in solemn reverence for their dead comrade and their grie commander. They drift silently in from everywhere, fillin the courtyard and the battlements.
151) 30) dialog: (anguished) What now, Dragon?! You abandon us alone in our freedom! Without you, what do we do? Where do we turn...?
153) 0) text: Bowen gazes heavenward. Expectant. Waiting. Smiling. A -strange look on his face. A knowledge in his eye. A PERCEPTION. Gilbert and Kara wonder what he sees. If he's mad with grief. They look from him to...
155) 0) text: Smiling. Kara hugs Bowen. Gilbert crosses himself. All stare transfixed...
157) 0) text: BOWEN...And Kara and Gilbert...their upturned faces bathe its glow. A trio of stillness amidst the raucous celebrat of their fellows. THE CAMERA PULLS BACK. UP. The noise grows dimmer. And the light that frames them grows more intense. 113 AND THE CAMERA CONTINUES BACK.