5) 2) text: As Einon pulls back from his dead father, he holds up the crown. It glints brilliantly in the firelight. Something else also glints. Buckethead's KNIFE as Einon sees the flying body leap off the granary platform down onto him. The impact of their collision sends the boys sprawling ac the ground spilling against a breastwork, a jumble of arm and legs. The bucket helmet clatters off as the rebel flo face-down, a cascade of red hair falling toe his shoulder Einon lurches off the breastwork, grasping a STAKE for support. It is sticky with BLOOD. His blood. It oozes fro a gash in his chest, spilling across his ripped dragonhea crest. Einon spies the CROWN half-in, half-out of a mud puddle. weaves toward it on unsteady legs, then sags into the mud his fingers locking on the circlet. Gasping weakly, he st glassy-eyed at Buckethead, staggering up. Even unhelmeted, Buckethead's face is A BLUR in Einon's h vision. All he sees is flaming hair, blending into the fi light of a hut burning behind then.
10) 0) text: Aislinn, on horseback, leads Bowen and a body of GUARDS u mountain path, through the RUINS OF AN ANCIENT ROMAN CAST Brok and the others bear Einon on a hide stretcher suppor on spears. Walking his horse, Bowen hovers over the semi- conscious boy who still grips the crown and talks to him.
47) 0) text: SEVERAL PEASANTS manually turn a LARGE GRINDING WHEEL aro a flat mill stone under the supervision of Felton's BULLY BOYS, OTHER PEASANTS nearby thrash the wheat. STILL OTHER collect the milled flour.
49) 0) text: As the peasants harvest the crop, A YOUNG BOY looms INTO FRAME, staring wide-eyed up at the sky and... EXT. FELTON'S MILL - SKY ABOVE FIELD — DAY ---the Dragon suddenly swoops down PAST CAMERA.
50) 0) text: The boy turntails and runs, frantically waving his arms a the others and yelling.
50) 1) dialog: Dragon! Dragon! The workers looks up and then scatter to safety.
54) 0) text: ++-the Mill. The workers, spying the dragon, abandon thei post. A BULLY-BOY grabs a whip and starts after them, but sudden wind blows chaff into his face. He swats it away i time to see...
56) 0) text: The Mill explodes. The Dragon swoops through the burning wreckage. The dazed bully-boy watches him go. He hears a CREAKING behind him and turns. The MILL WHEEL teeters unsteadily on the stone.
59) 0) text: PEASANTS line the walls and yard of the manor house. Felt pants secure, sits in a chair in the front of the crowd, flanked by his Bulley-boys, with the Minx at his feet. Everyone is staring at...