1) 13) dialog: (grins) They've always been revolting, Prince. Smell one sometime. But now they're rebelling. (to Bowen) King Freyne would have his son witness his noble victory.
1) 15) text: (sharply) Traitorous scum! The King commands. Bring him. You can watch too, nursemaid. He whips his horse and rides off with the others. Bowen turns to get his and Einon's horses. . Einon is disappoin that Bowen allowed Brok's insult to go unchallenged.
8) 0) text: A wounded Brok kneels before AISLINN, the Queen.
8) 1) dialog: Dead, Madam...King Freyne, your husband, slain. She takes the news stoically, staring out the window in impassive resignation. A DOOR slams open. Aislinn spins t the sound. Silhouetted in the light of the open door stan a KNIGHT, A LIMP FORM CRADLED IN HIS ARMS. With a gut-sinking premonition, Aislinn weaves to the doo A single TEAR trickles muddily down Bowen's grimey face a Aislinn gasps at her crumpled son.
10) 0) text: Aislinn, on horseback, leads Bowen and a body of GUARDS u mountain path, through the RUINS OF AN ANCIENT ROMAN CAST Brok and the others bear Einon on a hide stretcher suppor on spears. Walking his horse, Bowen hovers over the semi- conscious boy who still grips the crown and talks to him.
14) 0) text: Bowen, on horseback, leads Aislinn's steed down the mount through the Roman ruins once more. Behind them comes Brok and the guard with... EINON. ..asleep on his stretcher, unconsciously fondling crown in his hands. The crown slips from his fingers, clanking to the ground. Einon jerks awake, sitting up bolt straight. A strange, fierce light in his eyes. He's tense with coiled energy. Brok signals the guard to halt and kneels beside Einon.
14) 1) dialog: Your Majesty? Is all well? Einon unconsciously feels the scar on his chest. Einon ga at it, remembering. The Dragon. He smiles at the memory.
14) 3) dialog: Anything more, Your Majesty? Einon turns from his regal reverie to smile grimly at Bro
14) 6) dialog: It will take many men, milord, to rebuilt this ruin.
15) 0) text: THE SOLDIERS OF THE KING swarm through the burnt ruin of village. WAILING WOMEN and even SOME CHILDREN have been p to work filling in the barricade ditch, THE VILLAGE MENFO are being rounded up from hiding places and shackled in WOODEN NECK STOCKS. 14 BROK, in charge of this foray, steers his horse through t trampled shambles of a hut and scrapes away debris with h sword, ferreting out a TRAPDOOR beneath the charred clutt He motions to TWO SOLDIERS who jerk open the door, exposi dishevelled REDBEARD hiding below in a root cellar full o cheese. Brok's sword jabs downward. Into a ROUND OF CHEESE. As Br takes a bite of the cheese, Redbeard is yanked out and he toward the other prisoners. Kara, working at the ditch, drops her spade and rushes to him.
16) 0) text: Firelight flickers over Einon's face. He sits his horse, next to a SMITHY'S FIRE, savouring the SOUNDS OF CLINKING CHAINS AND SPLINTERED STONE, as he gazes out over... A STONE QUARRY...FETTERED PEASANTS break rocks under the watchful eyes of ARMED GUARDS. Einon watches in malevolen satisfaction as Brok rides in with a half dozen more QUAR SLAVES harnessed together with a length of rope about the neck. Among them is REDBEARD.
16) 3) dialog: My stoke will make you a corpse!
20) 0) text: The courtyard is abuzz with WORKMAN and SERVANTS. GROOMS ATTEND to SADDLE HORSES. FALCONRY MASTERS stand with HOOD BIRDS OF PREY perched on their gloves. There is RAUCOUS LAUGHTER as A GROUP OF MEN move out of the shadow of a portico, led by... EINON...now in his twenties. Tall and tough. Eyes sharp. Mouth cruel. Armed with sword, dagger, and quiver. He's cultivated a wispy beard. He's followed by a COTERIE of KNIGHTS, all dressed for the hunt, among them Brok and Fe who buzzes in his ear.
20) 6) dialog: He likes to bring down peacocks. Shrinking back from Brok, Felton clambers on his horse, b is so weighted down with his hunting paraphenalia, he has tough time swinging into the saddle. Brok grabs him by the seat of the pants and roughly shove him up.
20) 7) dialog: Fly, peacock, fly. The others laugh as Felton clumsily grabs the horse's nec keep his balance. Once more, he comes face to face with Brok's hawk that screeches again, eliciting more laughter from Brok and the others...all but Einon.
36) 0) text: A BLUR OF DRAGON, at the end of its snared chain, plummet downward behind a clump of trees. There is a CRASH as the air fills with dust and dirt and broken tree limbs.
71) 0) text: A ROASTED PIG twirls on a spit over an open fire. SERVANT with food and drink, hustle about to serve... EINON & HIS KNIGHTS...and THEIR ROWDY WOMENFOLK, dining alfresco by torchlight. Einon sits at the head of a huge BANQUET TABLE, drunkenly laughing as he watches... 48 SIR BROK...bare-chested, atop the table, wrestle TWO MEN once. Brok tosses one over his shoulder and off the table into the bonfire. With a yelp, the wrestler rolls on the ground and servants obliging beat the flames off him. The lords and their "ladies" roar with approval and urge on. Brok slings his opponent down the length of the table sending food and crockery flying. The wrestler slides pas the howling, drunken crowd to the end of the table where head flops over the edge as he groans and passes out, his rolled eyes blaring vacantly up at... AISLINN...primly seated at the table end, the only point stillness in this rowdy revelry. Weary despair, not age, faded her beauty. Einon shouts down the table at her.
85) 3) dialog: Sire! How could they have known of that? Wild with fury, spittle flecking his lips, he spins on Br pressing the tip of the poker against the Knight's throat though he'd plunge through the other side. Brok points to the open secret passage. Einon turns to it, his rage subsiding slightly as he's struck by a thought.
107) 0) text: Brok rides through a field, his Falcon perched on his arn TWO BEATERS marching before him flush A COVEY OF DOVES fr the undergrowth.
107) 1) dialog: Hungry, Pet...? He removes the hood from his Falcon's head.
107) 2) dialog: Eat... 87 He watches the Falcon soar skyward with bloodthirsty amusement and, spurring his horse, he follows the flight birds over....
108) 0) text: .-.the crest of the ridge. In the valley below, Brok sees THE REBEL CAMP...teeming with well-armed peasants as far the eye can see. A SUDDEN ROAR echoes out over the valley It is an ALARUM that alert the entire camp to readiness. suddenly sees... BOWEN...ride out on his charger. He turns back and signal to Gilbert, Hewe with a small body of armed men behind th He also signals to... DRACO...perched on the rocky cliff rising up out of the g behind the village, roaring out his alarum again. This is enough for... BROK...who gazes at the dragon with startled eyes, then a Bowen charging up toward him. Brok whips his horse around and takes off the way he came..
111) 3) dialog: A few, fop? Hundreds! Armed and spoiling for a fight! 88
115) 9) dialog: There were more! And where's the...? Brok chokes on the question as the answer comes in view.. DRACO...suddenly flies out of the sunlight and, swooping down, sprays the battlements with fire, sending soldiers screaming and leaping to safety. As Einon and his general also dash for cover, they look up to see... DRACO...flying out of the smoke of the explosion.
129) 0) text: The remaining dragonslayers...Uhlric, Odolf, and Oram... netted the limp form of Draco. He lies still and quiet, several of his horns are broken off. The Dragonslayers mo in cautiously, when Draco suddenly shifts on his side, moaning, clutching his chest. Ulhric and the brothers swarm in on the beast. But sudden a wild Einon is upon them, beating them back with his swo
140) 0) text: Kara, axe in hand, whirls onto a battlement through the wreckage of the dragonslayers' catapults. She turns to ge her bearings straight and sees A HUGE SHADOW looming on t wall behind her, hoisting a HUGE SHADOW SWORD.. Kara wheels around to confront Brok, but her axe is no ma for Brok's heavy descending sword. The impact tears the weapon from her hand and sends her careening into the dea dragonslayer, Jugurtha, still impaled on the wall. She snatches THE GIANT AXE still cluthced in his dead han and jerks the heavy shaft with two hands to fend off Brok blade, But the sword slices right through the shaft. The weight the axe jerks Kara to safety. The blade whizzes by her. Brok wheels, Kara swings the butt of the broken axe-pole against Brok's shield, It cracks him under the jaw and throws him off-guard. She twirls the axe, blade up, and thrusts it up between Brok's legs. He crumbles to the ground, devastated. 105
140) 1) dialog: A girl?...a girl? Kara jerks the axe from the corpse.