83) 0) text: A SERIES OF STARS shine brilliantly against night's black curtain. It is the CONSTELLATION OF DRACO. (NOTE: The radiance of these stars should be highly exaggerated to make the pattern of the constellation plai visible.) The Dragon's head looms into frame, staring at the stars.
84) 10) dialog: ...Draco... The serpentine constellation glows in the night sky.
87) 0) text: Draco, smoke curling from his nostrils, perches on a rock ledge overhanging a GROVE OF TREES a short distance from village like a vulture, hungrily eying... THE VILLAGERS...huddling behind their hut. Hewe dickers w a peeved Bowen, still picking thatch out of his clothes.
89) 0) text: From his perch, Draco watches the shenanigans of the villagers in utter befuddlement. Suddenly, he sees Bowen below, riding up to the base of the rock.
89) 1) dialog: Who's the girl?
89) 3) dialog: Why?
89) 5) dialog: Whoever gave them that bright idea?
89) 8) dialog: How?
89) 10) dialog: Oh please! Yecch!
89) 12) dialog: I never swallowed! Merely chewed in self~defense.
89) 14) dialog: Absolutely!
89) 16) dialog: Will you listen to yourself?
90) 0) text: KARA...who screams, Draco reaches out a claw to her whereupon she faints. Draco wrenches the stake out of the cart, flies off with the limp girl OUT OF FRAME. As the empty stake plops back down to the ground, the CRO pours out into the village, cheering.
92) 0) text: KARA...sits on a rock, soaking up the sun, as Draco contentedly trills. Kara is transported, touched by the strange music. She smiles at Draco.
92) 3) dialog: How many do you know?
92) 5) dialog: Minstrels' fancies. Never hurt a soul unless they try to hurt me first.
92) 7) dialog: Oh?...0h! The village!
92) 11) dialog: I've been...distracted...Bowen, meet Kara. Bowen turns to Kara and, with an exasperated sigh, grabs her floundering arm to help her up. She slaps him away. He lets go. She flops back down in the pond.
92) 13) dialog: Now don't be angry.
92) 15) dialog: Worried? Over me?
92) 19) dialog: Horses. Someone's coming. Draco ducks back behind the falls as Bowen and Kara also the horses. Bowen turns to face them. THE RIDERS emerge from the trees. Kara recognizes them. A they, her! It's EINON with a search party. As the Riders charge up, Bowen leaps protectively in fron the frightened girl, his sword whirling in a flashy displ as Einon's minions hesitate. As they slowly surround hin, Bowen tensely holds his ground. BOOMING LAUGHTER suddenly breaks the stand-off.
93) 0) text: The two combatants are watched through the cascading wate The clank of steel is heard above the rushing water. And laboured breathing of Draco. 67
94) 28) dialog: What will you do, Kara?
94) 30) dialog: Einon will not fall in my lifetime. Unable to look at her any longer, Draco zooms off downriv Kara watches him go.
95) 0) text: Bowen swats at BUZZING MOSQUITOS as he rides through a marshland river toward... A VILLAGE...situated on an island in the middle of a DREA MIST-ENSHROUDED MARSH. From the looks of it, the village fairly dreary too. From the mud and straw huts emerge SEVERAL TALL BRUTISH WARRIORS who come forth to meet Bowe They hesitate as the RUSTLE OF WINGS and WIND kicks past them, looking skyward. So does Bowen. Then he looks dubiously at the village. With a weary shake of his head, swats another mosquito and leads his horse through the shallow marsh. EXT. SWAMP VILLAGE - MONEY SACK —- DAY A MONEY SACK is passed from hand-to-hand...each dropping something of value in it. A coin or two...a tarnished gob +..a ring. CAMERA BACK as the sack is given to the VILLAG CHIEF -- a gaunt giant who holds the sack out to: BOWEN...miserable. The village is miserable. The villager are miserable. Towering, ragged giants, hollow cheeks and haunted eyes. No minion of Einon's here to gouge. Nor to act as a salve to his guilty conscience. Mortified, Bowen swats at the mosquitos that seem to abound. Even the clim and the livestock are miserable. He stares up at... DRACO...who menacingly flies over the swamp. 71
96) 5) dialog: (not breaking his pose) How? It doesn't get any deeper. Kara laughs at their predicament. Bowen wheels and glares her, just as Gilbert coming joyously running up.
97) 2) dialog: Not lost. Never lost. Draco's firm voice shushes the whining. As does the SIGHT looming out of the thinning fog.... 75 THE RUINS OF AN ANCIENT CASTLE...seen from above. At its center is a RING OF EERIE STONE COLUMNS.
97) 4) dialog: Most holy, priest. More than death dwells here, Brother Gilbert.
97) 6) dialog: A spirit. Beyond death. Alive and eternal. That remembers the Once-ways and the glory of one who shared our name.
97) 8) dialog: The Pendragon!
98) 11) dialog: Long ago, when man was young and the dragon already old, the wisest of our race took pity on man and shared with him our secrets. And when this Wise One was dying, he gathered together all the dragons, making them vow to watch over man always. And at the moment of his death, the night became alive with those stars. 77
98) 13) dialog: Through the years, his shimmering soul was joined by others, as the dragons kept their pledge to serve man...until the heavens were aglow with stars.
98) 15) dialog: But then man grew arrogant with the gift of our power and shunned our guidance. And fewer stars ascended the sky to hold back black night. Draco gazes forlornly at the sky.
98) 16) dialog: All my life I've longed to perform one deed worthy of those shining above. Finally my chance came. A great sacrifice that would reunite man and dragon and ensure my place among my ancient brothers of the sky... But my sacrifice became my sin.
98) 18) dialog: Yes. My half~heart that cost all my soul. Even then I knew his bloodthirsty nature, but I thought the heart could change him. My God, I was naive. Bowen barks a short savage laugh, then the bitterness in eyes is overwhelmed by tortured melancholy.
98) 20) dialog: Kara, I will go with you. Bowen wheels to Draco, stunned by the declaration...And t sudden realization that now he is alone. But it does not change his conviction. He turns from the others and walks out of the circle of stone. Draco sadly watches him go.
98) 21) dialog: So be it. Farewell, Bowen.
108) 0) text: .-.the crest of the ridge. In the valley below, Brok sees THE REBEL CAMP...teeming with well-armed peasants as far the eye can see. A SUDDEN ROAR echoes out over the valley It is an ALARUM that alert the entire camp to readiness. suddenly sees... BOWEN...ride out on his charger. He turns back and signal to Gilbert, Hewe with a small body of armed men behind th He also signals to... DRACO...perched on the rocky cliff rising up out of the g behind the village, roaring out his alarum again. This is enough for... BROK...who gazes at the dragon with startled eyes, then a Bowen charging up toward him. Brok whips his horse around and takes off the way he came..
113) 1) dialog: Well done. Bowen turns to see Draco behind hin.
113) 3) dialog: (agrees) No...It burns brightly.
113) 5) dialog: No, Bowen, your hope lies down there. Draco nods to... THE VALLEY..-below. It is alive with the cookfires gleami in the twilight. We hear singing, children crying, laught All the sounds of life going on.
113) 6) dialog: The one I've waited for. Man must now make of the world what he can...The day of dragons is done.
113) 8) dialog: You'll have victory, but no need of me. Listen to them, Knight of the Old Code, The Once-ways are in their songs and their laughter and the cries of their children. Listen and look. Draco's voice is strangely cryptic and wistful. Bowen loo at him in suspicious concern.
113) 10) dialog: Everything. It yours now. His sad eyes turn once more to the bonfire and the bright burning dragon shield. Its glow becomes...
114) 0) text: +.-The DRACO EMBLEM on Bowen's armour glinting gold in th sunlight. Tied to his arm is Kara's favour. He is at the head of his ARMY. Draco's image is also on the banners flapping gloriously in the morning breeze. IN SEVERAL SHOTS AND ANGLES, THE CAMERA CATCHES the motle but proudly determined army as it MARCHES out of camp. Ka and Gilbert ride by Bowen's side. Hewe, foot, marches at head of the troop with the other "GENERALS". Hewe glances up. Others follow his gaze as... DRACO...swoops overhead. He dips a wing in salute. BOWEN...acknowledges Draco's salute with a raised sword a the dragon banks left in the direction of Einon castle.
116) 0) text: In a field between the castle walls and the forest masses peasant army, BOWEN and HEWE at its head. The rebels chee as Draco rains more flame down on the denizens of the cas
117) 0) text: THE DRAGONSLAYERS manuever a LARGE CATAPULT THAT SHOOTS HARPOONS into place, scanning the sky for... 92 DRACO...who suddenly swoops up from behind the castle wal surprising the Dragonslayers who abandon there catapult a Draco looses a firebomb at them. As the catapult swerves, Volney is knocked against the triggering mechanism, discharging the harpoon which goes flying and strikes... A STUNNED JUGURTHA...right through his chest, impaling hi the wall. His giant axe, still gripped in his hand, knock soldier off the battlements, sending him plummet ing to t ground at the feet of... EINON'S HORSE...the young king is mounted, at the head of armoured knights. The horse rears as Einon frowns at the soldier, then at the blazing catapult on the battlement.
120) 0) text: Volney the Tartar supervises the loading of hideous barbe GRAPPLING HOOKS into the bowls of THREE CATAPULTS, cranke ‘and ready. Draco streaks right to left directly overhead. Commanding the king's soldiers, Volney cranks the first lever.
123) 1) text: EINON'S CASTLE...where Draco suddenly recoils in mid-air grasping his chest, howls in real pain, no scam this time
124) 0) text: With devastating skill, both Kara and Bowen dispatch thei enemies. For both have witnessed all... Einon taking the arrow, Draco's screech of pain and fall.
126) 0) text: As the pain-wracked Draco flutters into range, Uhlric springs the catapult. NETS OF IRON MESH shoot out. 97
129) 0) text: The remaining dragonslayers...Uhlric, Odolf, and Oram... netted the limp form of Draco. He lies still and quiet, several of his horns are broken off. The Dragonslayers mo in cautiously, when Draco suddenly shifts on his side, moaning, clutching his chest. Ulhric and the brothers swarm in on the beast. But sudden a wild Einon is upon them, beating them back with his swo
129) 3) dialog: (whispered groan) No...
132) 0) text: Draco's MELANCHOLY TRILL echoes from the castle walls out across the night to the forest's edge where camp a dispir group of rebels. CAMERA PANS TO: BOWEN...listening to Draco's sad song in anguish as Gilbe dresses a wound on Kara's shoulder.
133) 0) text: Draco lies heavily chained in a dark courtyard. His back feet and front paws are shackled tightly to the ground, a his tail, allowing almost no movement. His neck and head also chained down to keep him from breathing fire on his restraints. His chin upon the cold stone, he can only loo at the wall straight ahead of him...or out of the corner his eye, where he sees... UHLRIC...on guard, appraising Draco, spitting with distas Then he hears...A FOOTSTEP. Challenging with his spear, Uhlric recognizes a DIM FIGURE in the shadow.
133) 2) dialog: He hears a STRANGLED GASP. Uhlric WEAVES INTO VIEW, grasp his throat. He collapses to the ground. His spear rolls from his lifeless fingers almost to Draco's snout. 100 Out of the corner of his eye, Draco sees the Shadow.
133) 3) dialog: Come from the shadows, Aislinn. Stand where I can see you. Aislinn comes forth. Sheathing her bloodstained dagger. Gazing down on the man she killed. Then at Draco.
133) 5) dialog: I know.
133) 7) dialog: The only end. In giving my heart, I have taken on every pain and poison stirring in his black breast. Even the pain of his death must be mine. Too long I've waited...
133) 9) dialog: That was not the only reason...To rid the world of Einon, would not rid it of evil. I had to wait. Wait for a time when mankind would not repeat my sin and let tyranny thrive. When there would be those who remembered the Once-ways. Remembered that even in the darkness there is still light and those who watch over them...I cannot see. Are the stars shining tonight?
133) 11) dialog: Then there is light enough. My soul need not flicker above.
133) 17) dialog: No-o-o-o!
134) 0) text: Kara leads Gilbert and Bowen to the hole in the wall's ro foundation. As they are about to enter, Draco's wailing lament echoes from inside. The three exchange a worried glance and dart into the passage.
143) 0) text: Odolf, in the courtyard, looks to Oram on the parapet. Bo grip their spears in edgy tenseness, reacting to the soun of battle, the fight up the tower, and Draco's writhing agony. His arm GLOWS A THROBBING RED where Bowen cut Eino
144) 0) text: Bowen and Einon burst through the door into a half-crumbl TOWER-ROOM. It is roofless, most of it's walls destroyed, open to the elements. Its vantage point gives us a spectacular view of the whole castle and the country beyo And Draco chained in the courtyard below. 106 They duel over and around building materials and scaffold locked in fierce combat. Sparks fly from their clanging blades. Bowen presses Einon hard.
149) 0) text: Odolf, realizing Einon's dead, wheels on the chained drag and, grinning, utters a war-cry and charges with his spea But he suddenly hears something behind him. It is... BOWEN...riding the pulley~line down and swooping in on Od from behind. Odolf holds up his spear to block the descending axe. But the blade slices through the shaft an buries itself in Odolf's chest. A WAIL OF GRIEF AND OUTRA echoes from... THE BATTLEMENTS...where ORAM, having witnessed his brothe death, pulls his bow string taut. But before he can unlea his arrow, Draco's nostril shoots a SPRAY OF FLAME that engulfs the dragonslayer, the impact knocking him off the parapet with an agonizing scream, as..
151) 0) text: Bowen pilfers the keys off Odolf's belt and starts to unl the shackles about Draco's neck. Draco stretches his neck
151) 1) dialog: You should have let them do it. Now you must.
151) 3) dialog: Even as the heart binds Einon to me in life, it binds us in death.
151) 5) dialog: You've seen that it is. Through the heart we share each other's pains and power. But in my half beats the Life Source. For Einon to die, I must die.
151) 9) dialog: He lives! Bowen is desperate.
151) 11) dialog: You will never win until Einon's evil is destroyed. And to do that, you must destroy me!
151) 13) dialog: Once you swore your sword and service were mine. To call when I had need of you. To ask what I would of you. I ask now! I need now. I hold you to your vow, Knight! Suddenly Draco's sixth sense picks up something. He wince ‘pain, hissing breathlessly.
151) 14) dialog: He's coming! Coming to stop you! Bowen frantically whirls to the wreckage. But there is nothing. No one.
151) 15) dialog: Strike before it's too late!
151) 17) dialog: My time is over. Strike!
151) 19) dialog: Then as my friend, Strike! Please!
151) 21) dialog: (snarling) Then I will make you! With a roar, Draco lunges at Bowen with his snapping fang Bowen evades the blow. Again, Draco lashes out, trying to provoke Bowen, but again the knight dodges the sharp teet
151) 22) dialog: Fight back, Dragonslayer! 110 Once more, Draco dives at him with his flashing fangs. Bo leaps out of the shackled dragon's range. Rattling his chains wildly, Draco shoots a jet of flame at Bowen. Kara screams, but Bowen holds ground, as the flamess just miss
151) 23) dialog: Defend yourself! Bowen flings the axe to the ground, near the wreckage of cistern. Draco shoots another bolt of fire. This one closer. Bowen recoils.
151) 24) dialog: Pick it up! His chest heaves out ready to spew more fire.
151) 31) dialog: To the stars, Bowen. To the stars... The VOICE is a whisper, warm and reassuring. Bowen turns Kara. She's also heard it. So has Gilbert. ALL HAVE HEARD IT. NONE WILL FORGET IT. Bowen turns back to...
152) 0) text: ...out into the night. The LIGHT swiftly swirls behind th mountains and suddenly the night becomes alive with CELES COLOUR...an AURORA BOREALIS OF FIREWORK FLASH. Then echoi on the air, comes DRACO'S DRAGONSONG, sweet, clear, and joyous.
154) 0) text: As the Light behind the mountains spins and concentrates a shimmering STREAK, lancing through the darkness. The st suddenly DIM, fading from the sky as the strange light sh across night's black curtain toward... THE CONSTELLATION DRACO...where the streak of light ERUPT into a BLAZING STAR whirling with dazzling splendour into formation, becoming the eye of the constellation. The whole constellation sparkles and, for an instant, A PROFILE OF DRACO, looms along the outline of the constellation. But just for an instant, then fading along with Draco's song as the other stars return to the heaven