1) 8) dialog: Sir Bowen? He scrambles over the stone to find Bowen sprawled out on ground, apparently unconscious. As Einon leans down to examine him, he's suddenly distracted by HOOFBEATS. He whirls to the sound as... RIDERS...gallop toward them. As Einon squints in the sun identify them, A FIGURE towers up behind him and a sword glints at his throat. Bowen leers over his shoulder.
1) 11) dialog: It's happened. Bowen scowls as Three Riders approach, led by A MASSIVE B OF A KNIGHT...SIR BROK...Einon knows why he's come.
1) 12) dialog: The peasants are revolting.
1) 15) text: (sharply) Traitorous scum! The King commands. Bring him. You can watch too, nursemaid. He whips his horse and rides off with the others. Bowen turns to get his and Einon's horses. . Einon is disappoin that Bowen allowed Brok's insult to go unchallenged.
1) 16) dialog: Why do you let him insult you like that? You, a Knight of the Old Code! You're not afraid of him!
1) 18) dialog: When I am king, you will be my man, Bowen. Bowen claps him warmly on the shoulder and helps the prin into the saddle.
1) 22) text: Bowen and Einon sit their horses on a hillock behind the lines watching the carnage. Bowen is disgusted, Einon fascinated.
1) 23) dialog: I wish we were down there.
1) 25) dialog: Ido. Just to see you in action, Bowen. Yours would be the finest blade on the field.
1) 27) dialog: He is my father, Bowen. And the king. Bowen takes the admonishment with a kind smile.
1) 29) dialog: I promise, Bowen, I will be greater. And no one will take arms against me...Look! Father's breached the village. He points to the king down below, galloping toward the bulwark, cutting down men right and left.
3) 0) text: Bowen and Einon watch from their vantage point as a HORDE VILLAGERS chase the trapped Freyne. Freyne zig-zags his horse in and out and under the stilts of SEVERAL RAISED GRAINHOUSES, torching some as he passes. But the peasants are closing in.
3) 1) dialog: (anxiously) He's trapped! The boy draws his sword and spurs his horse down the hill through the melee!
4) 0) text: Bowen closes in on his young charge when he's beset by RE WARRIORS. He ducks the savage thrust of a pitchfork and, grabbing the shaft, cracks the WIELDER under the jaw with blunt end. Another rebel gets clouted by Bowen's boot eve as the knight knocks another down with the shaft of the pitchfork. He kills no one. But even as he scatters them, he's lost Einon in the dusty haze of the battle. He shout
5) 1) dialog: Father! -Buckethead swiftly clambers up the granary ladder as... EINON...gallops through a veil of smoke over the bulwark. Dismounting, he scrambles to his father, laying a hand to lifeless breast... and pulling it back with a shudder, covered in blood. Stunned, Einon stares from his hand to his father and then...to the crown...perched atop Freyne's helmet. Trembling, he reaches over the body for it. As he does, Freyne's eyes suddenly FLICKER OPEN AND STARE into Einon' who hesitates...then snatches the crown off anyway...even Freyne groans his last and his eyes glaze in deathly admonishment at his heir.
5) 2) text: As Einon pulls back from his dead father, he holds up the crown. It glints brilliantly in the firelight. Something else also glints. Buckethead's KNIFE as Einon sees the flying body leap off the granary platform down onto him. The impact of their collision sends the boys sprawling ac the ground spilling against a breastwork, a jumble of arm and legs. The bucket helmet clatters off as the rebel flo face-down, a cascade of red hair falling toe his shoulder Einon lurches off the breastwork, grasping a STAKE for support. It is sticky with BLOOD. His blood. It oozes fro a gash in his chest, spilling across his ripped dragonhea crest. Einon spies the CROWN half-in, half-out of a mud puddle. weaves toward it on unsteady legs, then sags into the mud his fingers locking on the circlet. Gasping weakly, he st glassy-eyed at Buckethead, staggering up. Even unhelmeted, Buckethead's face is A BLUR in Einon's h vision. All he sees is flaming hair, blending into the fi light of a hut burning behind then.
5) 4) dialog: Bowen!
6) 0) text: Einon slumps back in Bowen's arms as the horse charges through the battlefield.
8) 4) dialog: The crown...
10) 0) text: Aislinn, on horseback, leads Bowen and a body of GUARDS u mountain path, through the RUINS OF AN ANCIENT ROMAN CAST Brok and the others bear Einon on a hide stretcher suppor on spears. Walking his horse, Bowen hovers over the semi- conscious boy who still grips the crown and talks to him.
10) 2) dialog: +«.sworn... to valour...
10) 4) dialog: .--virtue...
10) 7) dialog: -.-code...
10) 9) dialog: -.-his...word speaks only truth...
13) 17) dialog: I...swear... Einon leans up to kiss the pommel, then suddenly slumps i Bowen's arms. Bowen shakes him.
14) 0) text: Bowen, on horseback, leads Aislinn's steed down the mount through the Roman ruins once more. Behind them comes Brok and the guard with... EINON. ..asleep on his stretcher, unconsciously fondling crown in his hands. The crown slips from his fingers, clanking to the ground. Einon jerks awake, sitting up bolt straight. A strange, fierce light in his eyes. He's tense with coiled energy. Brok signals the guard to halt and kneels beside Einon.
14) 2) dialog: All is very well. The crown. Brok picks it up and offers it to Einon. Eyes afire, Eino takes the crown and firmly plants it on his head. He like the fit.
14) 4) dialog: Much more. He rises off the stretcher. Brok goes to support him, but Einon pushes him away. He's a little rocky on his feet, b he stands, staring out on the Roman ruins.
14) 5) dialog: The Romans built a great castle here. Mine will be greater.
14) 7) dialog: Yes...
16) 0) text: Firelight flickers over Einon's face. He sits his horse, next to a SMITHY'S FIRE, savouring the SOUNDS OF CLINKING CHAINS AND SPLINTERED STONE, as he gazes out over... A STONE QUARRY...FETTERED PEASANTS break rocks under the watchful eyes of ARMED GUARDS. Einon watches in malevolen satisfaction as Brok rides in with a half dozen more QUAR SLAVES harnessed together with a length of rope about the neck. Among them is REDBEARD.
16) 1) dialog: Hold, Brok! Brok stops his charges with a rough jerk on the rope. Ein appraisies Redbeard suspiciously. Even in defeat, the big man stares up at the new king with cold contempt. Einon cannot match his stern gaze. Redbeard smiles.
16) 4) dialog: No! The command halts the throat-slitting. Einon glares at Redbeard glaring at him. 15
16) 5) dialog: I want no martyrs. And death is a release, not punishment. Einon smiles evilly at Redbeard whose glare hardens but a flickers with faint worry.
16) 6) dialog: It's an insolent gaze. Look good, dog. And remember. I am your king. The one who crushed you. And the last thing you will ever see. Einon grabs an iron from the smithy's fire. Its tip is white-hot. He flings it to Brok.
16) 7) dialog: Burn that insolence out of his eyes! Grinning, Brok picks up the iron. Redbeard, pale but prou gazes up into the rocks. He shakes his head from side-to- side, almost imperceptibly. To anyone observing, it would merely seem dazed defiance or maybe trembling fear, but i is, in actuality a signal. A signal to... KARA...hidden up behind a boulder. Redbeard is warning th girl to stay put. Stay safe. Weeping, Kara obeys as... BROK...approaches Readbeard, head still high. Eyes still the rocks above. But as Brok raises the iron a SWORD BLAD swoops down and strikes it from his hand. It is... BOWEN'S SWORD...as he gallops past Brok to the prisoners, blade slicing the ropes binding them together.
16) 12) dialog: How dare you defy me!
16) 14) dialog: The king is above the code! Dismayed by this declaration, Bowen drops his guard and E unseats him with a stab in the shoulder. The knight toppl from his mount, falling between the skittish horses. Eino rides over him, whirling triumphantly to acknowledge the cheers of his men. His mistake...for... A MUDDY HAND...reaches up and yanks Einon's leg from the stirrup, shoving it out and up, heaving.... EINON...off his horse. The boy reels over the right flank his horse, flopping to the ground to find... BOWEN...grimly grinning at him through the legs of the ho
16) 20) dialog: Seize him! Bring him down!
17) 1) text: KARA & REDBEARD..-.hiding in a tree, as Einon and his min ride in pursuit of Bowen.
20) 0) text: The courtyard is abuzz with WORKMAN and SERVANTS. GROOMS ATTEND to SADDLE HORSES. FALCONRY MASTERS stand with HOOD BIRDS OF PREY perched on their gloves. There is RAUCOUS LAUGHTER as A GROUP OF MEN move out of the shadow of a portico, led by... EINON...now in his twenties. Tall and tough. Eyes sharp. Mouth cruel. Armed with sword, dagger, and quiver. He's cultivated a wispy beard. He's followed by a COTERIE of KNIGHTS, all dressed for the hunt, among them Brok and Fe who buzzes in his ear.
20) 4) dialog: Ingenious, Lord Felton. He plays with a wispy strand of thinning hair.
20) 5) dialog: There may not be much on top, but there's plenty underneath. He playfully thumps a finger on Felton's skull. Felton ma a sweeping bow. 24 As Felton comes up, Brok reaches in front of him and take his FALCON from an attendent, sweeping it close to Felton face. The bird screeches and flaps its wings, Felton crin back. Brok smirks.
20) 8) dialog: Lord Brok. Some are good at hunting men. Some are good at hunting money. Both have value to me. Felton's turn to smirk. But his triumph's shortlived as Einon snatches Felton's bow from the attendent and tosses to the haughty fop.
20) 9) dialog: So don't forget your bow, Felton, you may need to shoot a ferocious coin purse. Einon joins the others in their laughter this time. And s does a reluctant Felton who gives forth with a forced gid giggle.
21) 9) dialog: And profitable. Unless you care to double the wager, Felton?
21) 18) dialog: I've always said death was a release. He spurs his horse and he and his flunkeys ride off as... Kara...kneels beside her father.
21) 20) dialog: Turning on Kara's heartbroken wail. Her rich red hair is captured in the burning light of the Smithy's fire behind her. . The image strikes a memory with Einon, but he can' bring it forth and shrugs it off with an uneasy shiver.
71) 0) text: A ROASTED PIG twirls on a spit over an open fire. SERVANT with food and drink, hustle about to serve... EINON & HIS KNIGHTS...and THEIR ROWDY WOMENFOLK, dining alfresco by torchlight. Einon sits at the head of a huge BANQUET TABLE, drunkenly laughing as he watches... 48 SIR BROK...bare-chested, atop the table, wrestle TWO MEN once. Brok tosses one over his shoulder and off the table into the bonfire. With a yelp, the wrestler rolls on the ground and servants obliging beat the flames off him. The lords and their "ladies" roar with approval and urge on. Brok slings his opponent down the length of the table sending food and crockery flying. The wrestler slides pas the howling, drunken crowd to the end of the table where head flops over the edge as he groans and passes out, his rolled eyes blaring vacantly up at... AISLINN...primly seated at the table end, the only point stillness in this rowdy revelry. Weary despair, not age, faded her beauty. Einon shouts down the table at her.
71) 1) dialog: Can he continue, Mother? Aislinn lifts the unconscious man's arm off her plate by sleeve in dainty disgust, dropping it contemptuously over edge of the table.
71) 3) dialog: Twenty you owe me, Felton! Felton starts to feebly protest.
71) 6) dialog: More wine! 49 Suddenly, in the polished sheen of the pitcher's metal, E catches something.
71) 10) dialog: Wine! The King's thirst must be quenched! Suddenly, from off the rooftop THE FIGURE comes flying. B Einon's timing is perfect. He ducks and the attacker goes flying over him, sprawling onto the table amid the feast screams of the stunned women. Einon is atop the body in a instant, spinning it over, and wrenching the knife from t grasp of... KARA...who struggles in Einon's grasp, her red hair flyin A half-dozen swords fly out, ready to stab her to death.
71) 11) dialog: No! The blades stop. Einon's sobering gaze intently scrutiniz the girl. About her neck, she wears her father's headband Once more her flame hair glows against the fire-light jar an elusive memory for Einon.
71) 12) dialog: I know...you... (recognition hits) The quarry! The blind dog's whelp! (laughs) Family devotion! A fine thing! Isn't it, mother? Only Aislinn's sad eyes respond to his sneering question. accusation, they are filled with quiet admiration for the girl. Einon turns his sneer on Kara once more.
71) 13) dialog: First you beg mercy for his fate. Then try to avenge it. And now you'll share it. But it's said with fleeing conviction, even as Einon's sn flees...for he's become aware of her beauty.
71) 15) dialog: Itll think up one for you! Lock her up! Brok and others haul her away. Einon picks up the dagger then gazes at his mother, watching him in inscrutable silence.
71) 16) dialog: Where's my wine! He jabs the dagger into a hunk of meat and tears off a bi with his teeth.
72) 0) text: Kara's dagger furiously chops at a wooden branch. CAMERA BACK on Einon, dressed in an open jerkin, on the battleme amid the work rubble of renovation. Einon idly chops at a piece of scaffolding with Kara's kn mesmerized by the glow of... THE FORGE...fiery hot. Sweaty bodies toil over it, hammer out hinges and bars. Other workers scuttle about, banging and sawing in counterpoint to... EINON'S VIOLENT WHITTLING...As he watches, the noise seem get louder in his head, swirling and jarring, TRANSFORMIN INTO OTHER SOUNDS...SOUNDS OF BATTLE...clanking metal and clashing arms! Suddenly, Einon's eyes spark with ferociou light. He charges down a stairway.
73) 0) text: Einon flies down a flight of stone steps.
74) 0) text: Einon barges into the dungeon, startling Kara, chained to wall. His intense gaze is unnerving. He idly strokes his chest with the knife. As he presses into her, he slides t blade from the folds of his shirt and caresses her throat with it.
74) 1) dialog: I remember now... 51 He rips open her blouse with the dagger. She gasps as he slides the blade along her chest. Over her jerking heart. He flips aside the torn flaps of the garment to peer at h breasts.
74) 2) dialog: XY remember...
75) 0) text: Kara, in a simple shift, lies amidst the rumpled coverlet a bed. The unspilt tears in her eyes glisten in the candl glow of a nearby sconce. Einon sits on the edge of the bed, his jerkin open and lo ‘He sneers in amused contempt as her first tear falls.
75) 1) dialog: (drunkenly) You weep? You could be on the battle- ments as buzzard bait rather than in the royal bed. Rebels must learn to love their king. He lurches up and weaves to the nightstand where he refil his wine cup. Kara spies his discarded belt on the floor +--and her dagger tucked in jit.
76) 20) dialog: Not as deep or deadly as you thought? Next time stab more flesh, less cloth.
76) 22) dialog: You already did, sweet, in more ways than one. A very special heart. Like no other. He places her hand against his chest. She yanks it back.
76) 24) dialog: Then teach me. Pity me... Everything. I would give you everything. Even power. You are so...beautiful. Knife still against her cheek, he kisses her reluctant li in awkward tenderness. As she pulls back, he shoves her o the bed and sticks the knife in the bedpost. Kara glares and sees... HIS WOUND...is almost ENTIRELY HEALED. As though she only scratched him!
76) 25) dialog: Even power...even a throne... ‘He staggers drunkenly from the room. Kara fights back fr tears, her hands scraping down her body as though trying rub his foul touch from her. In manic fury, she rips the covers from the bed, then collapses on it, tears flooding
85) 1) dialog: Dogs! Fools! INT. BEDCHAMBER ~ EINON'S CASTLE -— NIGHT ‘A GUARD flies across the room, clattering into a table a chairs. ANOTHER GUARD staggers out of the debris of overturned bedding and a nightstand. An enraged Einon gra him by the neck and flings him into the open fireplace. A nervous Brok and an inscrutable Aislinn watch Einon's lethal tantrum as the guard rolls yelping out of the fire Einon descends on him with the IRON FIREPLACE POKER, repeatedly beating the man on the back and legs.
85) 2) dialog: If you can't guard a simple girl, then go guard shades in Hell. Brok intercedes with wary caution.
85) 4) dialog: More importantly, how could the girl know? His dark gaze shifts to his mother as he lowers the poker from Brok's throat. He kicks the guard at his feet and flings the poker at the other.
85) 5) dialog: Get out! The guards scurry out the door. Einon, still staring at h mother, issues a command to Brok.
85) 6) dialog: Get my best men! 59 Brok bows and exits. Aislinn cooly returns Einon's gaze.
92) 20) dialog: It can't be! But it is! The king's old mentor! Still giving carving lessons? Bowen sizes Einon up. He doesn't care for what he sees.
92) 22) dialog: I'm bigger now. Perhaps, I'll give you one.
92) 24) dialog: Oh, we don't slaughter them anymore. They can't pay their taxes if they're dead. (surveys Bowen's ragged condition) Seems times have not been kind, Bowen. You should never have broke with me.
92) 26) dialog: Yet you return to me and with my lost lady. Bowen turns to Kara, surprised. She shakes her head in vigorous denial.
92) 28) dialog: Not her choice, I'm afraid.
92) 30) dialog: I'm ready for my lesson now, knight... As Bowen tenses, on guard, expecting an hounourable fight Instead, he gets a dirty trick.
92) 31) dialog: But first, one for you! Einon flings his shield at him. Bowen is knocked into the water. He deftly rolls and uses the shield to protect himself from the flailing hooves of Einon's horse as, laughing savagely, Einon charges over him and grabs Kara the hair, jerking her head back.
92) 32) dialog: Don't go anywhere, sweet. This won't take long. He bends over and ruthlessly kisses the squirming girl. A he does, Bowen springs up and slams the shield against Einon's back, unseating him from his horse.
92) 34) dialog: Stand back! (to Bowen) You are a corpse! The two engage. Trading fast and furious blows. As they fight, a shadow watches from behind the waterfall.
94) 0) text: The swordplay is dazzling and Bowen's holding his own. Bu Einon's younger. And faster.
94) 1) dialog: Lie down, Knight. Life has passed you by. You'tre the sorry scrap of dead world and dead beliefs! The taunts renew Bowen's fury.
94) 3) dialog: Never! Never mine!
94) 5) dialog: I spit on your code! I spit on it then. And I spit on it now!
94) 7) dialog: I vomitted them up because I couldn't stomach them. Bowen doesn't want to hear it. His sad fantasy that the Dragon tainted Einon is unravelling. Tears well in his ey He tries to shout down the truth.
94) 9) dialog: ...-to fight! That's all! I took what I needed from you, knight. You taught me to fight! And well! It's the coup de grace. Bowen, dazed by his broken dream, attacks sloppily. Einon's blade rips across his shoulder sends the shattered knight spinning back onto his knees i the water. Einon charges in, blade upraised. But before he can deliv the deathblow, he's blinded by a SWOOSHING SPRAY OF WATER Growling, he shakes it from his eyes to discover... DRACO...between Einon and Bowen. Roaring fiercely. His wings swing up and the scales on his chest fall back, exposing...THE RED SCAR on his chest. Einon, quaking in fear, recognizes the Dragon...and his death and SCREAMS. 68 Dashing for his horse, the terrified king mounts and gall away. The rest of his minions follow him. Bowen staggers out of the water and sloshes over to Draco. He is still shaken and angry from his encounter with Einon.
95) 0) text: Bowen swats at BUZZING MOSQUITOS as he rides through a marshland river toward... A VILLAGE...situated on an island in the middle of a DREA MIST-ENSHROUDED MARSH. From the looks of it, the village fairly dreary too. From the mud and straw huts emerge SEVERAL TALL BRUTISH WARRIORS who come forth to meet Bowe They hesitate as the RUSTLE OF WINGS and WIND kicks past them, looking skyward. So does Bowen. Then he looks dubiously at the village. With a weary shake of his head, swats another mosquito and leads his horse through the shallow marsh. EXT. SWAMP VILLAGE - MONEY SACK —- DAY A MONEY SACK is passed from hand-to-hand...each dropping something of value in it. A coin or two...a tarnished gob +..a ring. CAMERA BACK as the sack is given to the VILLAG CHIEF -- a gaunt giant who holds the sack out to: BOWEN...miserable. The village is miserable. The villager are miserable. Towering, ragged giants, hollow cheeks and haunted eyes. No minion of Einon's here to gouge. Nor to act as a salve to his guilty conscience. Mortified, Bowen swats at the mosquitos that seem to abound. Even the clim and the livestock are miserable. He stares up at... DRACO...who menacingly flies over the swamp. 71
110) 1) dialog: I'm served by fools and dolts!
111) 0) text: Einon is in council with his lords and generals.
111) 1) dialog: Peasants fleeing right under your noses. And taking my grain and livestock with them!
111) 5) dialog: My brave Felton. A regiment unto himself. Einon slams Felton down on the table onto a clutter of ma
111) 6) dialog: Idiot! I know this man who leads them. (shouts to all) And I will beat him! But I will not underestimate him! And do not forget the dragon.
111) 8) dialog: I fear nothing. Nothing! Do you understand? He pulls her aside.
111) 9) dialog: It's just that...sometimes I sense him. Feel him. As though he were close. But be clear. I don't fear him!
112) 0) text: Einon follows his mother out. She gestures to the courtya below. FIVE BURLY TARTARS, all armed to the teeth, stand the courtyard below.
112) 2) dialog: Finest what...?
114) 0) text: +.-The DRACO EMBLEM on Bowen's armour glinting gold in th sunlight. Tied to his arm is Kara's favour. He is at the head of his ARMY. Draco's image is also on the banners flapping gloriously in the morning breeze. IN SEVERAL SHOTS AND ANGLES, THE CAMERA CATCHES the motle but proudly determined army as it MARCHES out of camp. Ka and Gilbert ride by Bowen's side. Hewe, foot, marches at head of the troop with the other "GENERALS". Hewe glances up. Others follow his gaze as... DRACO...swoops overhead. He dips a wing in salute. BOWEN...acknowledges Draco's salute with a raised sword a the dragon banks left in the direction of Einon castle.
115) 4) dialog: (laughing) Seems you overestimated their numbers, Brok.
115) 6) dialog: And twelve years hasn't improved their ain. Felton chuckles and smirks at Brok.
115) 8) dialog: Why wait? We'll send you out to chase them off. After all, "One of us is worth a hundred of them." The numbers seem about right. Felton gulps uneasily as Einon wags the fire arrow in his face. But a worried Brok is unamused, ominously scanning sky.
117) 0) text: THE DRAGONSLAYERS manuever a LARGE CATAPULT THAT SHOOTS HARPOONS into place, scanning the sky for... 92 DRACO...who suddenly swoops up from behind the castle wal surprising the Dragonslayers who abandon there catapult a Draco looses a firebomb at them. As the catapult swerves, Volney is knocked against the triggering mechanism, discharging the harpoon which goes flying and strikes... A STUNNED JUGURTHA...right through his chest, impaling hi the wall. His giant axe, still gripped in his hand, knock soldier off the battlements, sending him plummet ing to t ground at the feet of... EINON'S HORSE...the young king is mounted, at the head of armoured knights. The horse rears as Einon frowns at the soldier, then at the blazing catapult on the battlement.
117) 1) dialog: Oh, lovely... He draws his sword and shouts to his men.
117) 2) dialog: Well, do we stay in here like sitting ducks or crush those rebellious dogs? Brok leads a chorus of war-cries. And as the gates are opened, Einon and his mounted horse, followed by foot soldiers, pour out of the castle, watched by... AISLINN...from a tower window. Einon and his men rush the peasants who retreat for the forest. She glances up at... DRACO...hovering above, oblivious to the spears of the Dragonslayers, watching the peasants run...almost smiling
118) 0) text: The peasants retreat without a blow being struck. Einon, spies Bowen in the rout. He laughs deliriously.
118) 1) dialog: After them! Shear them like the sheep they are. And Einon and his riders give chase into the woods.
119) 3) dialog: Scatter or die! Einon leaps his horse over the fire. Others follow his example as his force splits up in the forest and comes fa to-face with more rebel mischief. Barrages of arrows fly out of bushes and trees picking me off. More rebels lie in wait in the forest. The peasant assault is swift and surprising and deadly. A men are dvided and trapped, overwhelming numbers of rebel appear to finish them off in hand-to-hand combat. THE CAMERA PANS THROUGH THE MAYHEM... BROK...bashes through a phalanx of peasants with a mace a chain and encounters Hewe with his quarter staff. The two tangle it up. ELSEWHERE... GILBERT AND OTHER ARCHERS...perched in an archer blind wa THREE ARMED RIDERS charge a group of rebels. With lightni speed Gilbert notches an arrow and shoots. THE ARROW...strikes a TAUT ROPE tied off to a tree branch neatly slices it in two. The rope slides through the branches, releasing... A LOG...suspended overhead which comes crashing down in f of the three riders. Their horses rear up and the riders rock off their saddles. As they tumble to the ground, the rebels rush them. GILBERT...crosses himself.
121) 0) text: Out of the smoke and confusion rides... EINON...slicing through a band of rebels. The battle goes badly for him. He shouts above the fray.
121) 1) dialog: Retreat! His men readily obey and scatter through the woods. He sp his horse and joins their flight. 96
122) 0) text: Bowen and Kara are pressed back-to-back as Einon suddenly rides by. Both recognize him.
123) 0) text: The arrow strikes true. Einon jerks in his saddle as the arrow pierces his mail a imbeds deep in his heart! Staggered by the impact, he suc in his breath. But he does not fall. He doesn't even feel the pain.
123) 1) text: EINON'S CASTLE...where Draco suddenly recoils in mid-air grasping his chest, howls in real pain, no scam this time
124) 0) text: With devastating skill, both Kara and Bowen dispatch thei enemies. For both have witnessed all... Einon taking the arrow, Draco's screech of pain and fall.
125) 0) text: EINON...still alive, also watching the Dragon spiral and flutter down. He looks at the arrow in his breast and, hi eyes glinting with understanding, calmly pulls it from hi chest and smiles at its bloody tip.
127) 0) text: Einon sees the Iron Nets enfold the dragon as he topples behind the castle walls with a groan. Realizing, what thi means, Einon spurs his horse toward the castle gates.
127) 1) dialog: The Dragonslayers! Noooo! He rides hell-bent for leather as...
129) 0) text: The remaining dragonslayers...Uhlric, Odolf, and Oram... netted the limp form of Draco. He lies still and quiet, several of his horns are broken off. The Dragonslayers mo in cautiously, when Draco suddenly shifts on his side, moaning, clutching his chest. Ulhric and the brothers swarm in on the beast. But sudden a wild Einon is upon them, beating them back with his swo
129) 1) dialog: No! I want it alive! Einon grimly leers at the pain-wracked, semi-conscious Dr
129) 2) dialog: Chain it! Bind its wounds! I want it alive...And safe!
129) 4) dialog: Yes...Safe for all eternity. Fear not, dragon, Bowen will come. A knight of the Old Code does not abandon a comrade-in- arms. He laughs and departs. Draco struggles weakly under the nets. BUT THE CAMERA PANS UP TO... 98 AISLINN...on the battlements...gazing on Draco in solemn concern.
131) 0) text: Einon stands on the battlements, gazing out at the forest -below. It is dotted with THE GLOW OF THE REBEL CAMPFIRES Then reverberating from the castle walls comes A MOURNFUL TRILL. Einon looks down into the courtyard below where Dr is chained.
133) 13) dialog: I know why you brought me the dragon- slayers, Mother. You wanted them to kill him. You wanted me dead.
133) 15) dialog: How unmotherly of you. His voice is like ice, but Aislinn does not flinch. DRACO...eyes filled with terror, watches...
136) 0) text: The secret passage opens. Bowen, Kara, and Gilbert creep in...only to find Einon comfortably sprawled on the bed.
136) 1) dialog: What a pleasant surprise. I expected you, Knight. But my bride-to-be, as well? And with a priest to wed us.
136) 3) dialog: Well, to bury one of us! His blade meets Bowen's in mid-air. And the two engage in fast and furious swordplay. The clanging blades attract T GUARDS outside the chamber. Gilbert and Kara intercept th charge as Bowen and Einon duel near the fireplace. Einon good. Very good. Bowen has taught him well. He ducks a slash of Einon's blade and executes an athletic drop-kick against the king that sends him careening down the stairw of the secret passageway. Bowen leaps down after him. Kara, dispatching her guard, begins to follow Bowen and Einon. But Gilbert, the sword not being his weapon, is ha pressed and she goes to his aid instead.
137) 0) text: Einon rumbles down the stone steps and slumps lifelessly there. Bowen rushes dwn on the limp form... ---and nearly gets decapitated, as Einon's eyes flick ope and he lunges. 103 Angered, Bowen attacks with a wild sally. Einon, confiden in his invincibility, cooly deflects the blade and forces Bowen back into the cistern.
137) 1) dialog: Practice what you preach, mentor. Purpose, not passion, remember? The jibe only intensifies Bowen's reckless assault.
137) 2) dialog: Nerve cold blue... Taunting, Einon nimbly ducks a vicious swipe, executes a swift thrust that scores a vicious slash across Bowen's c
137) 3) dialog: «.+.Blade blood red. Bowen ducks a vicious thrust and nearly loses his balance the edge of the cistern pool. As he teeters there, Einon takes a savage swipe, but this time it is Bowen who flips away...over the water on the other side of the cistern. E Einon's impressed. He barks a laugh.
137) 4) dialog: Still have a few lessons to teach me, mentor?
137) 6) dialog: What, pray, is that?
139) 0) text: Einon drives Bowen up a castle stairwell. The knight is hard-pressed, but holding his own.
139) 1) dialog: We know each other's every move. But I'm younger and faster.
141) 3) dialog: Pity you won't live to see them fail. Einon's blade nearly slices off an ear. Angered, Bowen manuevers Einon around and proceeds to back him up the stairs.
142) 0) text: Hewe and his band are beset by Einon's SOLDIERS as they struggle with the gate. But suddenly, several GUARDS pitc forward,slain by a rapid volley of arrows fired by... GILBERT...Hewe smiles and salutes him with a wave. Then t gates open and, with wild war shouts, the REBELS pour in.
144) 0) text: Bowen and Einon burst through the door into a half-crumbl TOWER-ROOM. It is roofless, most of it's walls destroyed, open to the elements. Its vantage point gives us a spectacular view of the whole castle and the country beyo And Draco chained in the courtyard below. 106 They duel over and around building materials and scaffold locked in fierce combat. Sparks fly from their clanging blades. Bowen presses Einon hard.
144) 2) dialog: Fool! You lost before you began. I am immortal! Bowen leaps up, twirling onto a crossbeam, out and over Einon, who spins to cut him down before he lands.
145) 0) text: As Einon's body tumbles from the window, crashes through scaffolding, sending building materials as well as himsel careening down on top of and into the cistern in a cacoph of clatter, clutter, and dust.
146) 0) text: As Einon along with wreckage, plunges beneath the surface the water. 107
149) 0) text: Odolf, realizing Einon's dead, wheels on the chained drag and, grinning, utters a war-cry and charges with his spea But he suddenly hears something behind him. It is... BOWEN...riding the pulley~line down and swooping in on Od from behind. Odolf holds up his spear to block the descending axe. But the blade slices through the shaft an buries itself in Odolf's chest. A WAIL OF GRIEF AND OUTRA echoes from... THE BATTLEMENTS...where ORAM, having witnessed his brothe death, pulls his bow string taut. But before he can unlea his arrow, Draco's nostril shoots a SPRAY OF FLAME that engulfs the dragonslayer, the impact knocking him off the parapet with an agonizing scream, as..
151) 27) dialog: Move and she dies! STALEMATE. Bowen freezes...until... DRACO...viciously sinks his fangs into his chained claw. But it is Einon who FEELS THE FANGS. In his sword hand. T blade clatters to the stone as he recoils...and... BOWEN...in that instant realizes WHAT HE MUST DO. He yank Kara from Einon's grasp and, shoving her to safety, spins around, back to Einon, and raises the axe to strike... DRACO...exposing his breast for the blow; his scales fall back, revealing his scar. But... EINON...is already pulling his knife from his belt to plu into Bowen's neck.
151) 28) dialog: Only expose your back to a corpse! His blade comes down, but... lil THE AXE...leaves Bowen's hand and, twirling in the air, buries itself in Draco's scarred breast. KARA...stifles a scream as... DRACO...reels. Suddenly his old wound SHIMMERS BRILLIANTL Then it FADES TO DULLNESS once more as Draco falls, his grateful eyes staring into the anxious face of... BOWEN...his own eyes flood with tears, wheeling on... EINON...who staggers, clutching his chest. His eyes fille with stunned disbelief. His mouth agape in a silent screa As he lunges forward, Bowen, sneering through tear-dimmed eyes, grabs Einon's upraised knife and folds it under, jamming the blade into Einon's chest. Momentum carries -king's body over the top of Bowen.