19) 21) dialog: Well done, Knight. Our gratitude. Mine and King Einon's. Felton yawns blasely. That's it. Interview's over. He turns his horse to go, but Bowen catches the reins.
19) 23) dialog: Gold, knight? Felton cocks an imperious eyebrow and smiles. Unpleasantl Bowen gets the picture. He's getting the shaft.
19) 27) dialog: The priest is right. It is your duty to protect King Einon's vassals as a knight of the realm!
19) 29) dialog: No? Then begone, vagabond, before I arrest you for...for... (an inspiration) Poaching the king's wildlife! Felton jerks a finger at the dead dragon. Bowen almost laughs at the ludicrousness of it and he fingers his swor hilt, debating whether to cut this popinjay down to size. But the thugs-at-arms give Felton's threats weight. Bowen grimly smiles and, with a curt bow, mounts up. Suddenly, the timid faces of PEASANTS begin to poke out o the wheat. Felton turns his disdain on them.
19) 30) dialog: Back to work you, lazy scum. If King Einon's wheat isn't cut before the rain, I'll do some cutting of my own. Felton's bully-boys whip the peasants back to the fields. Gilbert, who's watched all in befuddled confusion, grabs mule's reins and timidly approaches Bowen.
20) 1) dialog: A road tax, King Einon. Felton, weighted down with hunting equipment, trips on hi bow. Brok smirks at him. Felton cocks an imperious eyebro at Brok and turns to Einon who weighs Felton's suggestion he mounts a strong steed laden with armour and weapons li himself. Felton fans the flame of his idea.
20) 2) dialog: They use it. Let them pay for the privilege. Again, he gets caught up in his bow. He untangles himself and indignantly flings it to a nearby servant, finishing thought.
20) 3) dialog: And those that can't, can work it off! All wait for Einon's response. It comes in a sly smile. H leans over and pats Felton's balding head.
21) 8) dialog: I don't believe...I mean, magnificent shot, Your Higness. 26
21) 10) dialog: {takes the bet) Through his legs! Einon notches another arrow and lets fly at... RED-BEARD...already panicked by the first arrow. He hears the whizz of the second as it zips through his legs and clinks on the rock behind him. He whirls frantically.
21) 13) dialog: The bucket-handle! Another arrow slices the air, striking the water bucket handle next to Red-beard and sending it clattering agains the bucket, causing the old man to jump.
47) 0) text: SEVERAL PEASANTS manually turn a LARGE GRINDING WHEEL aro a flat mill stone under the supervision of Felton's BULLY BOYS, OTHER PEASANTS nearby thrash the wheat. STILL OTHER collect the milled flour.
48) 0) text: SCAFFOLDING and ACTIVITY surround Felton's stone manor ho As MASONS measure and trim and CARPENTERS pound, A PRETTY LITTLE MINX with tousled hair langourously leans in the doorway, lacing up her undone doublet. A HAND reaches over her shoulder and slides a money pouch down into her ample cleavage. She smiles up to find... FELTON...smiling back, his own jerkin undone, holding up pants in one hand. With the other, he leads the girl back into the house. CAMERA PANS UP TO: THE WORKERS...on the scaffolding. It overlooks the wheatfield, where labourers are harvesting the wheat. 42
49) 0) text: As the peasants harvest the crop, A YOUNG BOY looms INTO FRAME, staring wide-eyed up at the sky and... EXT. FELTON'S MILL - SKY ABOVE FIELD — DAY ---the Dragon suddenly swoops down PAST CAMERA.
57) 0) text: There are cries and smoke and people dashing to and fro. Felton, jerkin undone, holding up his unbelted pants, rus out of the house, his dishevelled Minx behind him. He's aghast at the chaos, then hears a voice behind hin.
58) 0) text: Felton, still holding up his pants, dickers hotly with Bo
58) 1) dialog: Thievery! Gouging!
58) 3) dialog: I won't pay it! He gestures emphatically with his arms. And his pants fal down again. As he leans over to pick them up, the MILL WH suddenly rolls past him. Felton jerks up. And his pants g down again as he, Bowen, the Minx, and the horse all turn their heads and watch the twirling juggernaut collides into... THE SCAFFOLDING...sending stone, wood, and workers flying Felton stares at his damaged house. Then at Bowen. Then a the Minx. He grabs the drawstring dangling from the Minx' cleavage and yanks out the MONEY PURSE he gave her earlie He flings it at Bowen with a disgruntled gesture...and, o more, his pants fall down. 44
60) 0) text: +..a harvested wheatfield at the edge of a LAKE. Bowen is manuevering an OX towing a CART OF BOULDERS. He brings th ox to a halt. The cart is ballast, attached via ropes and pulleys to a CATAPULT CONTRAPTION called "A WHACKER". Bowen goes to an adjustable TRIPOD and loads it with a heavy HARPOON. Calculating and adjusting, Bowen sights... THE DRAGON...who comes sweeping into view. BOWEN...slices the ROPE-TRIGGER with his sword and... EXT, FELTON'S MILL - LAKE - DRAGON'S POV — DAY .+.the HARPOON shoots from its cradle and zooms up toward target.
62) 0) text: THE CROWD and FELTON...it looks like Bowen's scored a dir hit. An impression helped immeasurably by Dragon's spectacular, if overwrought, death scene.
64) 0) text: The crowd breaks into raucous cheers as the dragon hits t surface. All but Felton who turns to his Thugs. 45
64) 1) dialog: Get my money back. They start down the hill,
71) 5) dialog: The spectacle of Sir Brok's prowess is worth double the wager, sire! Einon, reeling up, snatches a PITCHER to pour more wine. It's empty. He bangs it on the table.
111) 2) dialog: But how could we know, Your Majesty? A few peasants here and there...
111) 4) dialog: Then let them have it! One of us is worth a hundred of them. Are you afraid, Sir Brok? With a snarl, Brok almost charges across the table at Fel but Einon slams him back and smiles calmly at Felton, pat his cheek.
115) 7) dialog: They'll get bored and go home before dark.
119) 5) dialog: You traitorous witch! After all, I've spent on... (catches himself) «.-done for...you! She sneers and tries to yank her pitchfork from the tree. But before she can, Felton, brave against a helpless woma snaps the shaft in two with his sword blade. The minx staggers back with the broken end. Felton advanc on her, but... GILBERT...has spotted them and looses an arrow from his b It pierces... FELTON...in the rear. Dropping his sword, he yelps in pai GILBERT...also yelps for joy.
138) 0) text: A cringing FELTON flattensd against a staircase wall. Rap steps descend and Kara appears, gripping her axe, trying decide which way to go. Felton, realizing his enemy is only a woman, sweeps out o the shadows like a spider, his sword at her throat as he leers triumphantly over her shoulder.
138) 1) dialog: This will put me in good with his majesty. 104