19) 1) dialog: This is the tale of a Knight who slew a Dragon and vanquished Evil. GOLDEN LIGHT overwhelms the screen as a SUPERIMPOSED LEGE
19) 5) dialog: (writing) "Content with this his humble mode, His quest was spiritual..." Except it comes out"spirichool" as he tries to rhyme it w mule. The mule itself begins to buck.
19) 6) dialog: Whoa, Merlin! Whooaa! But Merlin doesn't "whoa" and bucks Gilbert off, who tumb cassock over crucifix, the scrolls from his pouch spillin out on the ground with him.. He sits up with as much dign as he can muster and glares at the mule.
19) 7) dialog: Everyone's a critic. But the mule's only response is to bray nervously and sto impatiently at the ground. Ignoring the tempermental anim Gilbert crawls about gathering up his scrolls, grumbling himself. 19
19) 8) dialog: Keep faith, Gilbert, keep faith! True, thus far, this quest has been uneventful -.-if not altogether fruitless and boring +..But remember its goals, its glory! Soon, something's bound to happen. Something does. A SUDDEN WHOOSH OF WIND violently rustles wheat and tears at the monk's cassock. The just~gathered scrolls go flying from his grip once more and Gilbert goe flat on his back once more. His eyes widening with fear a they gaze upward, following the path of the wind.
19) 9) dialog: D-D-Dragon! ‘The GUST OF WIND subsides and the RUSTLING OF WINGS whip away over a hill of wheat which wavers violently in its w Scrambling up, Gilbert scoops up precious scrolls as he t off for the opposite wheatfield. But he screeches to a panicked halt as SOMETHING ELSE charges out of the wheat. Wailing, the frenzied friar flings himself to the ground more in a welter of flying manuscripts.
19) 10) dialog: (crosses himself) Jesu! Gilbert peeks up to see... A KNIGHT...reining in his horse, frowning down at him. It BOWEN. But Bowen is mightily changed since last we saw him. Time has passed and not been kind. His hair is now laced with grey. His face is unshaven. His surcote frayed and torn. His armour dented and dull. He and his steed are laden with assorted weaponry. Broad sword, lance, bow and arrows, mace, battle axe, and buckl This SHIELD gives grim evidence of his trade...and that h has been successful in his vow...an awesome assortment of DRAGON HORNS protrudes from it. Bowen snaps at the friar in curt irritation.
19) 11) dialog: Dra...dra...drag...
19) 13) dialog: (arms full of manuscripts) Magnificent! Marvelous! Heroics befitting the days of Arthur and the Round Table, Never have I seen such skill!
19) 15) dialog: A...Yes...Also scholar, scribe, historian, and poet. Your servant, Brother Gilbert of Glockenspur. My humble life is in the debt of your exalted prowess, dauntless courage, and superb, swift sword.
19) 17) dialog: Oh, sir! You should read my histories. But you belittle your talent. A great victory for you and the Lord. Bowen wearily examines the mottled, scarred horn.
19) 19) dialog: Modesty as well as valour. The code of ancient Camelot still lives. 21 Bowen jerks his head up with a hostile glare at the menti of the code. Then the glare glazes into wistful sadness. shakes the melancholy from him with a sardonic grin.
19) 25) dialog: Your honour has a price, knight?
19) 31) dialog: Forgive me, Sir knight, for questioning your motives. Times are topsy-turvy and the world is not as it once was.
19) 33) dialog: Let me make amends. I've a fair culinary flair. Please join me in my evening repast.
19) 35) dialog: So shall I. For I am on a pilgrimage. Might we travel together?
22) 0) text: Bowen and Gilbert sit at a campfire, gnawing on roasted mutton joints. As Bowen affixes his latest trophy to his dragon-horn shield, Gilbert recites from a parchment, spraying bits of half-chewed food in his bombastic style waving his mutton joint in time to his suspect meter and dubious rhythm.
22) 1) dialog: In Avalon, Lost Avalon, so the legends say, In mystery and mist, there valiant King Arthur lay. And resting with him, the brave, bold heroes of his day. Gilbert has risen and paces, carried off in the throes of overwrought rhyme. Bowen winces as the Priest starts his third stanza off with a piercing, dramatic, declamatory w 28
22) 2) dialog: Obhh, Avalon! Bright Avalon! The worried world's astray! Return forgotten glories that once held noble sway, And sweep the world's dank darkness away, away, away! : Gilbert glances at his audience in excited expectation!
22) 3) dialog: What do you think?
22) 5) dialog: A fable? That's uneducated piffle, Bowen. JI can prove it. I have it right here. Somewhere here. (He can't find it) But I remember it. "Upon his death, King Arthur was taken to Avalon, a land of mist, to lie among his brother knights in a grove of stone upon a tor." Aha, here it is! He jerks out a scroll and unravels it, thrusting it out t Bowen. It's upside down. Gilbert twists it right side up.
22) 6) dialog: From the venerable history of Gildas the Scribe. Facts, my friend! Avalon is a holy place. And my pilgrimage a sacred duty. I will find it.
22) 8) dialog: I'll pray to the souls of the sainted men buried there...Arthur and all the knights of Camelot.
22) 10) dialog: I wish they would and bring back the days of chivalry and the Old Code.
22) 12) dialog: Ride with me, my son. All knights need a quest. I think ours is the same.
22) 14) dialog: What quest?
23) 1) dialog: Yoo-hoo! GILBERT..."hallooing" for attention, stands atop a clump rocks on the opposite bank. Muttering an oath, Bowen rides over to Gilbert who plops literary bag on the rocks and rummages through it.
23) 3) dialog: 30 (pulls out ink) How do you prefer I write this?
23) 5) dialog: Oh, please, don't concern yourself with my safety. No, I meant style. Verse. Meter. Shall I spice it up with a poetical flourish or just the cold hard facts? Gilbert's voice booms out above even the rushing falls. H ‘unrolls some blank manuscript. Bowen seethes exasperated
23) 7) dialog: That's a fine attitude. I come to immortalize you and you try to muzzle the mouth of chronicle, lop off the tongue of truth. It's all very well to go about hacking and whacking dragons, but if a dragon falls in the forest and no one hears about it, does it make a thud?! Exasperated, Bowen starts to ride off. Gilbert squats dow on a rock still, preparing to write, still railing at Bow
23) 8) dialog: You're nothing without the likes of me. Heroics don't make heroes, ballad-makers do. The quill is mightier than the swo..! Suddenly, AN GIANT EYE opens up between Gilbert's legs, Gilbert lays his parchment on the "rock" and scrawls acro it with his quill. The eye blinks in agitation and sudden the "rock" starts to shift and move.
23) 9) dialog: +»-ord ...duh ...duh ...aah! Gilbert falls from the shifting "rocks", tumbling down toward... BOWEN...crashes onto him, then over the horse's back, splashing into the water. Bowen whirls back to the sound More splashing, just in time to see... 31 A DRAGON TAIL...slither along the creek, disappearing int the waterfall. The "rock" on which Gilbert was perched ha also disappeared. Bowen spurs his horse and charges for the falls. But he's stopped by... A BATTERED BREASTPLATE...flying out from the waterfall, splashing in the stream in front of Bowen who steadies hi nervous steed.
23) 15) dialog: Supine in the creek. Water spritzes from his mouth. He si up in time to see Bowen draw his sword and buckler and en into the cave through the waterfall. Gilbert sees his canvas sack floating by, he snatches it and, rummaging for another quill and parchment, starts to compose out loud. 32
23) 16) dialog: Into the mouth of death he strode Into the grimey gloom. Into a pit of fear unknown, Perhaps to court his doom, A FLASH OF FLAME backlights the waterfall, followed by a BLAST OF STEAM that rolls out from the falls, slamming Gilbert back into the creekbed.
25) 0) text: The Dragon swoops out of the waterfall in a GUSH OF WIND WATER. Spreading out his magnificent wings to their full extension, he sweeps up over a startled Gilbert. Patches -his hide glisten irridescently. An awesome, glorious creature.
26) 0) dialog: Gilbert, craning back to gaze at the creature in dropped- jawed amazement, gets smaller and smaller as the dragon circles higher and higher in the sky. Gilbert, leaning ba a little too far, flops back into the water.
37) 0) text: Gilbert, on Merlin, rides in pursuit of the duel, composi as he goes, voice vibrating, ink slopping all over the pl
37) 2) dialog: The sword against the fang and claw The flame against the shield. The man, the beast, which would win? Ahhhh! The scream is because his ink has spilt all over the manuscript, obliterating it.
38) 0) text: Bowen staggers up, dazed and dizzy, and starts to follow trail of chain. up over the ridge where the dragon crash- landed. No sooner has he disappeared than Gilbert arrives, mumbli to himself trying to re-capture his poem as he ties Merli up.
38) 1) dialog: Blahblah Sword...fang and claw -..Flame against...shield... Blah, blah, blah, which would win? Unhh...shield, field, wield, peeled...Aha! Whose bones would flesh be peeled? Eww! Making a face at the line, he grabs more quills, manuscri and ink.
38) 2) dialog: No, no...Whose fate would soon be sealed! He likes the line. Smiling, he scurries over the ridge to find...
39) 16) dialog: Who screeches and cover his eyes.
39) 18) dialog: «.-Uncovers his eyes, expecting the worst. It isn't...
40) 2) dialog: --.-wearily watching and writing...
40) 3) dialog: (scribbling) Till moonlit night, the titans duelled. In deadly combat bound... (yawns) Oh, who'd the fatal falter make, Whose blood «--would...stain......the ground... Gilbert's quill slides off the parchment as his head flop down on it and he falls asleep, his mouth agape in mid-ya
46) 0) text: The rosy rays of dawn filter through the forest foliage. Birds twitter. Crickets chirp. And someone snores. Gilbert. Still face down on his epic poem. A PINE CONE falls from above, thudding on his rump. Gilbe snorts, stirs, and rises, his face smeared with ink. He tries to decipher his equally blotched parchment. Then he remembers and, staggering to his feet, panics.
46) 1) dialog: Bowen! He scans the area. Nothing. No signs of victory or deafea Or even that a battle had taken place. Gilbert spies something in a bush. He gingerly plucks it It's a SLEEVE. A BONY HAND slips from it. Yes... the late Sir Eglamour. But Gilbert jumps to the wrong conclusion.
46) 2) dialog: Oh, dear. Poor chap. Picked clean. Gilbert crosses himself and, sadly looking at the ink- blotched manuscript in his hand, crumples it up.
95) 5) dialog: You're mistaken, my child. FRIAR GILBERT...emerges from the crowd, his parchment sac slung on his back, swatting at the mosquitos with a scrol A welcome sight for Bowen.
95) 7) dialog: (embraces him) Bowen, my lad! Praise the Saints, you're alive! And whole! (feels Bowen's arm to make sure; to Chief) You couldn't put your trust in a better man. I have personally seen him slay almost two dragons.
95) 9) dialog: Well, I didn't actually witness the deathblow to the second, but since Sir Bowen's here, he must have won!
96) 0) text: Bowen has once again devised "A WHACKER". Gilbert gleeful helps out, driving the ballast-cart ox into position unti Bowen signals him to stop.
96) 6) dialog: You've done it again, Sir Knight! Oooh, look at the brute. Bigger than the last one you tangled with. 73
96) 10) dialog: Good Lord, It's alive! The swamp people halt when they see the dragon's not dead yet! But their Chief urges them on.
96) 18) dialog: Forgive me! Kara squirms right side up, only backwards on the horse, facing Gilbert who reaches again for support, nearly grab Kara's breasts. Her scandalized look dissaudes him and he clutches Bowen's sides which causes his bald pate to nest in Kara's cleavage as the two are bobbled by the swerving horse. But no matter which way they turn, swampers are closing in. But there's one way left to turn. Up. And Draco provides it. Swampers go squealing, as Draco's wings FILL THE SCRE When he swoops OUT OF FRAME, all that's left in the swamp the swampers. The horse and its riders are gone. The swamp folk watch the low-flying Dragon and his cargo disappear into the DENSE FOG enshrouding the heart of the swamp. The Chief's sharp eyes stare up into the mist...to the craggy TOR jutting up out of the haze.
97) 0) text: The SCREEN IS FILLED WITH THICK FOG, we hear FLAPPING WIN A FRIGHTENED NEIGH. THEN GILBERT'S QUAVERING VOICE.
97) 1) dialog: Saints perserve us! I nearly have my bald pate trimmed at my neck. I find you in league with a pair of rogues...one, a Dragon who kidnaps me...! Only to get us lost in this dreadful fog!
97) 3) dialog: What deadly, unholy place is this?
97) 5) dialog: W- What more?
97) 9) dialog: Pend --! Arthur Pendragon!... King Arthur! A land of mist...Avalon! Avalon! Coming closer and closer into view!
98) 0) text: Gilbert prays before the tallest column in the circle of stone.
98) 1) dialog: So it was foretold. And so I have found you, Brave Arthur. Among your brother knights in a grove upon a tor. Nota grove. But the Round Table of Camelot... This mention of the Round Table has it's affect on... BOWEN...moving solemnly among the stone columns, talking himself, touching the stones.
98) 3) dialog: Let us who remember the glories of your golden kingdom feel your noble spirit, 0 King. Bowen weaves through the columns, stopping at the one jus the right of Arthur's. 76
98) 5) dialog: -.and let the Song of Excalibur echo in our enemy's ear. Amen...I'm ready, my child. He rises and joins Kara. Both turn to Bowen, moving slowl to Arthur's stone.
98) 6) dialog: And you, Bowen? Bowen is obviously moved by this experience, but not move enough to give Gilbert the answer he hopes for.
98) 7) dialog: My son...This is Avalon. The shadow realm of the Round Table. It is a divine omen!
100) 0) text: A QUARTER-STAVE smashes down on another. CAMERA BACK, as one-eyed Hewe drives Kara to the ground with the blow. OT VILLAGERS crowd around, laughing and mocking. Gilbert scrambles to Kara's side and helps her to her feet. 80
101) 2) dialog: The sky's untouched without the reach, The dream's no good without the dare, And one must fight for what one wants, Tis purpose God attends, not prayer.
103) 0) text: A BOWSTRING is pulled tentatively back... GILBERT...is the archer, receiving patient instruction fr Bowen.
103) 4) dialog: This is fun!
105) 0) text: HQ TENT...waiting there is a delegation of chiefs and generals lead by Gilbert and Hewe. Many other warriors an villagers crowd about. Before the tent is a cross-pole covered by a heavy cloth.
105) 3) dialog: It was all Kara's idea.
108) 0) text: .-.the crest of the ridge. In the valley below, Brok sees THE REBEL CAMP...teeming with well-armed peasants as far the eye can see. A SUDDEN ROAR echoes out over the valley It is an ALARUM that alert the entire camp to readiness. suddenly sees... BOWEN...ride out on his charger. He turns back and signal to Gilbert, Hewe with a small body of armed men behind th He also signals to... DRACO...perched on the rocky cliff rising up out of the g behind the village, roaring out his alarum again. This is enough for... BROK...who gazes at the dragon with startled eyes, then a Bowen charging up toward him. Brok whips his horse around and takes off the way he came..
114) 0) text: +.-The DRACO EMBLEM on Bowen's armour glinting gold in th sunlight. Tied to his arm is Kara's favour. He is at the head of his ARMY. Draco's image is also on the banners flapping gloriously in the morning breeze. IN SEVERAL SHOTS AND ANGLES, THE CAMERA CATCHES the motle but proudly determined army as it MARCHES out of camp. Ka and Gilbert ride by Bowen's side. Hewe, foot, marches at head of the troop with the other "GENERALS". Hewe glances up. Others follow his gaze as... DRACO...swoops overhead. He dips a wing in salute. BOWEN...acknowledges Draco's salute with a raised sword a the dragon banks left in the direction of Einon castle.
119) 4) dialog: Pride goeth before a fall, brother! 94 Meanwhile below... FELTON...sword in hand, helmetless, cowardly scurries fro tree to tree through the commotion, avoiding any fight he can. But as he creeps around the bole of a tree, a pitchf is thrust at his face. He jerks back and the tines of the fork embed in the tree trunk. Felton whirls face-to-face with... HIS MINX...she's gone over to the rebels! Felton's stunne rage gives him a sudden flash of courage.
119) 6) dialog: Turn the other cheek! However, it is... THE MINX...who turns Felton's other cheek, by whacking hi the jaw with her broken shaft. The lamps go out in his ey and he crumples to the ground. Elsewhere... KARA...fights among a group of peasants and soldiers. Whirling her axe with expert skill she holds her ATTACKER also wielding an axe, at bay. But she is so busily engage she does not see the other two ENEMIES rushing up to help their companion. But.. BOWEN...riding across the field does. He gallops his hors between the two swordsmen and extending his legs, kicks b of them into the dirt as he rides by. He then leaps from his charging horse and rushes to Kara' side just as she neatly dispatches her adversary and grab his axe as he falls. Whirling both axes, she smiles over Bowen. 95
122) 2) dialog: Thou...shalt...not...kill... He lets fly.
128) 0) text: With an anguished shout, Bowen tears down the hill for Ei Kara watches his furious, futile chase and exchanges a worried glance with Gilbert, who rushes up to her. They b look to Bowen who has given up his chase. He turns to the his face a mask of anguished determination.
130) 0) text: Hewe and the rebels survey the carnage they have wrought. Savouring the taste of victory. Tall and proud. Men once more. As Bowen, Kara, and Gilbert emerge into the forest, Hewe salutes them with an upraised sword and a smile. But his smile vanishes when he sees their long faces.
132) 5) dialog: When my arrow pierced Einon's heart that was when Draco screamed and fell. Bowen stares at them in dumbfounded disbelief, refusing t contemplate what is being suggested. 99
132) 10) dialog: No...not alone... GILBERT...who plops his helmet on his head. Bowen slides the sword into his scabbard. Hewe and the ot watch in silent shame, as the three march off.
134) 0) text: Kara leads Gilbert and Bowen to the hole in the wall's ro foundation. As they are about to enter, Draco's wailing lament echoes from inside. The three exchange a worried glance and dart into the passage.
135) 0) text: Kara leads Bowen and Gilbert into the cistern from the passageway. Bowen charges for the courtyard door.
136) 0) text: The secret passage opens. Bowen, Kara, and Gilbert creep in...only to find Einon comfortably sprawled on the bed.
142) 0) text: Hewe and his band are beset by Einon's SOLDIERS as they struggle with the gate. But suddenly, several GUARDS pitc forward,slain by a rapid volley of arrows fired by... GILBERT...Hewe smiles and salutes him with a wave. Then t gates open and, with wild war shouts, the REBELS pour in.
153) 0) text: Bowen gazes heavenward. Expectant. Waiting. Smiling. A -strange look on his face. A knowledge in his eye. A PERCEPTION. Gilbert and Kara wonder what he sees. If he's mad with grief. They look from him to...
155) 0) text: Smiling. Kara hugs Bowen. Gilbert crosses himself. All stare transfixed...
157) 0) text: BOWEN...And Kara and Gilbert...their upturned faces bathe its glow. A trio of stillness amidst the raucous celebrat of their fellows. THE CAMERA PULLS BACK. UP. The noise grows dimmer. And the light that frames them grows more intense. 113 AND THE CAMERA CONTINUES BACK.
157) 1) dialog: This is the tale of a Knight who slew a dragon and vanquished evil. The three look very small now. Seen from above. As all things must look from Heaven. All that keeps them from blending into the rest of the surging mass is the beam of starshine that falls down upon them. Smiles upon them. An seems to gleam ever brighter. And brighter. Until the dar is swept away and all is...