22) 0) text: Bowen and Gilbert sit at a campfire, gnawing on roasted mutton joints. As Bowen affixes his latest trophy to his dragon-horn shield, Gilbert recites from a parchment, spraying bits of half-chewed food in his bombastic style waving his mutton joint in time to his suspect meter and dubious rhythm.
86) 4) dialog: To treason! Your father sang that sour tune once, Kara. (points to his eye) And once was enough. We'll not dance to it again!
86) 6) dialog: A cringing dog's a live one! Hewe rears back to toss a SQUASH, but ANOTHER HAND plucks from his grasp. The peasant angrily wheels about to confront... BOWEN...breaking the squash in half and biting into a pie Kara remembers him instantly and a smile of recognition breaks through the veil of dripping vegetables.
87) 0) text: Draco, smoke curling from his nostrils, perches on a rock ledge overhanging a GROVE OF TREES a short distance from village like a vulture, hungrily eying... THE VILLAGERS...huddling behind their hut. Hewe dickers w a peeved Bowen, still picking thatch out of his clothes.
87) 2) dialog: In a fine house six miles away. He'll just blame any destruction on us and pluck our pockets to pay for it. This remark nettles Bowen's latent conscience but not eno to dissuade him.
87) 6) dialog: Why must it be a daughter? The crowd turns with him as his shifty gaze falls on... KARA...jaw dropping as she realizes their intent.
100) 0) text: A QUARTER-STAVE smashes down on another. CAMERA BACK, as one-eyed Hewe drives Kara to the ground with the blow. OT VILLAGERS crowd around, laughing and mocking. Gilbert scrambles to Kara's side and helps her to her feet. 80
100) 1) dialog: And we're suppose to follow you and a Priest against Einon! To Hell, more likely! We've had enough of your moon-~ eyed mischief, girl! Begone! Hewe raises his staff to beat them off. But AN ARROW suddenly imbeds itself in the staff. All eyes turn to... A RIDER...who slings his bow and gallops into the village framed against the rising sun. His horse rears as the rid halts between Gilbert and Kara and Hewe. It is... BOWEN...scrubbed and shaved. Clothes and armour, though frayed and worn, are clean and mended as best can be. His eyes shine with a fierce fine visionary fire. He plucks h ‘arrow from the staff.
100) 3) dialog: (contemptuously) There isn't any fight against Einon.
100) 5) dialog: You and what army, knight?
103) 2) dialog: Beginner's luck! Try again! Gilbert eagerly notches another arrow, consummately performing Bowen's directions and lets fly. This time it hits the straw dummy right between the eyes. Bowen lets o a long, impressed whistle.
105) 0) text: HQ TENT...waiting there is a delegation of chiefs and generals lead by Gilbert and Hewe. Many other warriors an villagers crowd about. Before the tent is a cross-pole covered by a heavy cloth.
108) 0) text: .-.the crest of the ridge. In the valley below, Brok sees THE REBEL CAMP...teeming with well-armed peasants as far the eye can see. A SUDDEN ROAR echoes out over the valley It is an ALARUM that alert the entire camp to readiness. suddenly sees... BOWEN...ride out on his charger. He turns back and signal to Gilbert, Hewe with a small body of armed men behind th He also signals to... DRACO...perched on the rocky cliff rising up out of the g behind the village, roaring out his alarum again. This is enough for... BROK...who gazes at the dragon with startled eyes, then a Bowen charging up toward him. Brok whips his horse around and takes off the way he came..
114) 0) text: +.-The DRACO EMBLEM on Bowen's armour glinting gold in th sunlight. Tied to his arm is Kara's favour. He is at the head of his ARMY. Draco's image is also on the banners flapping gloriously in the morning breeze. IN SEVERAL SHOTS AND ANGLES, THE CAMERA CATCHES the motle but proudly determined army as it MARCHES out of camp. Ka and Gilbert ride by Bowen's side. Hewe, foot, marches at head of the troop with the other "GENERALS". Hewe glances up. Others follow his gaze as... DRACO...swoops overhead. He dips a wing in salute. BOWEN...acknowledges Draco's salute with a raised sword a the dragon banks left in the direction of Einon castle.
116) 0) text: In a field between the castle walls and the forest masses peasant army, BOWEN and HEWE at its head. The rebels chee as Draco rains more flame down on the denizens of the cas
130) 0) text: Hewe and the rebels survey the carnage they have wrought. Savouring the taste of victory. Tall and proud. Men once more. As Bowen, Kara, and Gilbert emerge into the forest, Hewe salutes them with an upraised sword and a smile. But his smile vanishes when he sees their long faces.
135) 2) dialog: Then that's our way. Bowen and the others wheel around to see... HEWE...and a SMALL BAND OF MEN enter the secret passage.
135) 3) dialog: We've got to open the gates for rest of us waiting outside. Touched by this loyalty, Bowen warmly claps Hewe on shoul
135) 4) dialog: Go save your dragon. 102 He opens the door that leads to the castle grounds and, taking a cautionary peek, motions his men out. Kara point to the other stairwell.
138) 2) dialog: I doubt it. A quarterstave crashes down on his head. The lamps go out his eyes and, as his blade slides harmlessly away from Ka he crumples slack-jawed to the ground. Kara wheels to fin Hewe standing over the collapsed Felton.
138) 4) dialog: I'm in yours. Your father would be proud. They continue on their seperate ways.
141) 0) text: Hewe and his marauders descend upon the guards, slaying t and opening the gate...only to find AN OUTER GATE beyond. Also guarded. Before Hewe's men can cut them down, one SENTRY blows ALARUM on a Ram's horn.
142) 0) text: Hewe and his band are beset by Einon's SOLDIERS as they struggle with the gate. But suddenly, several GUARDS pitc forward,slain by a rapid volley of arrows fired by... GILBERT...Hewe smiles and salutes him with a wave. Then t gates open and, with wild war shouts, the REBELS pour in.