15) 0) text: THE SOLDIERS OF THE KING swarm through the burnt ruin of village. WAILING WOMEN and even SOME CHILDREN have been p to work filling in the barricade ditch, THE VILLAGE MENFO are being rounded up from hiding places and shackled in WOODEN NECK STOCKS. 14 BROK, in charge of this foray, steers his horse through t trampled shambles of a hut and scrapes away debris with h sword, ferreting out a TRAPDOOR beneath the charred clutt He motions to TWO SOLDIERS who jerk open the door, exposi dishevelled REDBEARD hiding below in a root cellar full o cheese. Brok's sword jabs downward. Into a ROUND OF CHEESE. As Br takes a bite of the cheese, Redbeard is yanked out and he toward the other prisoners. Kara, working at the ditch, drops her spade and rushes to him.
15) 1) dialog: Father! Tears in her eyes, she clings to him, but Brok yanks her ‘roughly by the hair and shoves her away. She falls to th ground, rising up to see REDBEARD yoked into a stock with other prisoners.
16) 9) dialog: Father!
17) 1) text: KARA & REDBEARD..-.hiding in a tree, as Einon and his min ride in pursuit of Bowen.
21) 0) text: Many are still working off debts to the young tyrant. Tho the quarry is all but gutted, half-starved ragged PEASANT toil in the sun under the watchful eyes of GUARDS. Many of the QUARRY SLAVES clamor for water, doled out by. KARA...Now grown into a beautiful woman. But both her bea and her lush, wild mane of red hair are hidden underneath ragged cloak. But her proud, youthful face cannot hide ey that are much older, weary with grim experience. 25 Dispensing drinks, she makes her way up behind AN OLD MAN chipping at stone with a chisel and hammer. She scoops a ladle of water out and proffers it to him. We recognize t HEADBAND the old man wears.
21) 1) dialog: Drink, Father. The old man turns. It is REDBEARD! No longer a virile, haughty rebel. Einon recaptured him and carried out his threat. Redbeard is BLIND. Scar tissue surrounds the sightless eyes staring at nothing. But even though his red hair and beard are streaked with white, even though his once-strong body is frail and stoo he still manages an air of his old defiance.
21) 3) dialog: I am a disobediant child, Father. Drink.
21) 6) dialog: You are my home, Father. She kisses his palm. Then takes some COOKED MEAT from her jerkin and stuff it inside his shirt.
21) 7) dialog: Here is meat for later. Now quickly, drink. The guard is watching. She places the LADLE in his hand and he starts to lift it his lips. Suddenly AN ARROW ZINGS INTO FRAME, striking th ladle and knocking in from his hand. Kara wheels to LAUGHTER. IT IS... EINON...and his hunting party, laden down with game... pheasant, boars, even a stag. Einon has shot the arrow.
21) 12) dialog: Stand still, father! Felton shouts out another target.
21) 15) dialog: Don't move! Kara steps in front of him and heads for... EINON...indignant someone should interfere with his sport He notches another arrow and shoots it in front of Kara's feet. She keeps coming. Another arrow. Only inches frm her. She keeps coming. He aims directly at her. Not a flinch. She keeps coming. Einon lowers his bow, intrigued EINON . You've got nerve for a spoilsport.
21) 16) dialog: There's no sport in tormenting a sick old man. I beg Your Majesty. Let him go. It's been fourteen years. Your castle is budlt. He can do you no harm. For pity's sake, release him. Einon stares at her curiously. Then smiles. Einon Release him? 27 In one flashy blur of motion, he's notched another arrow sends it flying. Straight into Red-beard's heart. The old Man gasps and staggers back against the rocks.
21) 17) dialog: Father! She runs to him, her hood flying back, unleasing her wild tumble of hair. It catches Einon's attention.
71) 14) dialog: In your kingdom, Einon, there are worse fates than death. 50 The sneer is back.
72) 0) text: Kara's dagger furiously chops at a wooden branch. CAMERA BACK on Einon, dressed in an open jerkin, on the battleme amid the work rubble of renovation. Einon idly chops at a piece of scaffolding with Kara's kn mesmerized by the glow of... THE FORGE...fiery hot. Sweaty bodies toil over it, hammer out hinges and bars. Other workers scuttle about, banging and sawing in counterpoint to... EINON'S VIOLENT WHITTLING...As he watches, the noise seem get louder in his head, swirling and jarring, TRANSFORMIN INTO OTHER SOUNDS...SOUNDS OF BATTLE...clanking metal and clashing arms! Suddenly, Einon's eyes spark with ferociou light. He charges down a stairway.
74) 0) text: Einon barges into the dungeon, startling Kara, chained to wall. His intense gaze is unnerving. He idly strokes his chest with the knife. As he presses into her, he slides t blade from the folds of his shirt and caresses her throat with it.
75) 0) text: Kara, in a simple shift, lies amidst the rumpled coverlet a bed. The unspilt tears in her eyes glisten in the candl glow of a nearby sconce. Einon sits on the edge of the bed, his jerkin open and lo ‘He sneers in amused contempt as her first tear falls.
76) 18) dialog: A love dart from Cupid, Einon! Einon jerks up, wrenching the blade from his jerkin sleev which he cuts open, exposing the wound...A thin line of b trickles from his shoulder, but the wound is surprisingly slight. Einon laughs, wiping at the blood and sucking it from his finger.
76) 19) dialog: No!
76) 21) dialog: Next time I'll pierce your heart! He grabs her arm and throws her on the bed, hovering over her, pulling close.
76) 23) dialog: A black withered thing devoid of pity. Einon brings the knife to her throat. But as he gazes at lovely face twisted in hate for him, he calms, caressing with the dagger, wiping his blood on her cheek. In his ey is a pathetic perverse look of pain. 54
78) 0) text: Kara fitfully sleeps. A SHADOW falls over her. She stirs a hand pulls the dagger from the bedpost. She jerks up, cowering. Aislinn steps into the candlelight.
78) 1) dialog: How did you come here?
78) 4) dialog: Why did you come?
78) 6) dialog: I need no help from her who bore the beast.
78) 8) dialog: I would have smothered such a child in his crib.
78) 10) dialog: Is this the help you offer? To foretell my future in your past? Give me the dagger. Let me kill myself before I am accomplice to this vile legacy.
79) 0) text: A stone wall slides open and Kara and Aislinn step out in large CISTERN. Below them is the water. Aislinn leads Kar down a stone path that runs along the wall of the cistern Kara sees the door on the other side and starts to open i but Aislinn stops her, sliding open a small hatch in the door. Through the peephole, Kara can see...
80) 2) dialog: Thank y... But Aislinn has disappeared once more into the shadows.
81) 0) text: Kara stealthily emerges from a crevice of the castle wall rocky foundation and slides down a steep pass into the darkness of the night.
86) 1) text: AN ANGRY MOB...pursuing A DISHEVELLED YOUNG WOMAN through village, pelting her with rotten vegetables and handfuls mud. Shouting above the crowd, the girl futilely tries to -hold her ground. Underneath the mud, splattered produce, grungy clothes, it's KARA!
86) 2) dialog: Throw off the yoke of Einon's oppression. Raise arms, I say! SPLOTCH! A ROTTEN CABBAGE plows into her chest. SPLAT! A GLOP OF MUD smacks her forehead.
86) 3) dialog: Listen to me! WHACK! MORE MUD sprays across her. A strapping blacksmith HEWE, sporting an EYEPATCH, has thrown it.
86) 5) dialog: No, just cringe like dogs under Einon's boot.
86) 8) dialog: I speak truth!
87) 4) dialog: 61 (points to Bowen) Leave him! It's bad enough you grovel to Einon. Will you be bullied by some blackmailing broken-down knight? You don't need him to get rid of a dragon! Bowen glares, caring neither for her insults nor meddling He turns to a ROTUND VILLAGER with THREE ROTUND DAUGHTERS
88) 0) text: The VILLAGERS roll a rickety CART out to an open field, t old battlefield where they fought King Freyne. Kara, strapped to a pole wedged into the back of the cart, yell her head off.
88) 1) dialog: No! No! Please! I'm not even a virgin! Bowen watches in exasperated disgust.
90) 0) text: KARA...who screams, Draco reaches out a claw to her whereupon she faints. Draco wrenches the stake out of the cart, flies off with the limp girl OUT OF FRAME. As the empty stake plops back down to the ground, the CRO pours out into the village, cheering.
92) 0) text: KARA...sits on a rock, soaking up the sun, as Draco contentedly trills. Kara is transported, touched by the strange music. She smiles at Draco.
92) 1) dialog: You have a beautiful voice. Draco BLUSHES A BRIGHT CRIMSON. Kara laughs at his awkwar shyness.
92) 2) dialog: You're not like a dragon at all.
92) 4) dialog: None that serenade maidens instead of devouring them. You're entirely too happy for a dragon. I bet you don't do any of the horrid things they say.
92) 6) dialog: Then why were you in that village?
92) 9) dialog: Leave him alone, you bully! Run, Draco, fly! I'll hold hin, (to Bowen) Pick on someone your own size! Draco suppresses his laughter as Bowen and Kara tumble fr the saddle in the pond. Bowen sputters at Draco.
94) 11) dialog: Just how is it you two know each other? -Bowen and Draco trade a sheepish glance. EXT. SWAMP VILLAGE - BRIDGE — DAY Bowen leads his horse across a rickety bridge over a swam river. Kara walks along side him. Bowen winces and rubs h wounded shoulder.
94) 12) dialog: Here. Let me see. She opens his jerkin and tenderly removes the ragged band Bowen. watches her. Her head close to his. She looks up a catches him staring at her. He quickly shifts his gaze.
94) 13) dialog: It's all healed, Bowen. Just a little stiff. Bowen limbers up his arm. His eyes rove downriver where a cluster of MUD HUTS sit on an island in the middle of a DREARY, MIST-ENSHROUDED MARSH.
94) 15) dialog: But no medicine for your other wound. Bowen rubs his shoulder and glares at her. She appraises with hurt, disappointed, pleading eyes.
94) 17) dialog: You won't soothe your sick heart, Bowen, by wasting your courage and skill on worthless acts.
94) 19) dialog: A deep one. It hurts to know my heroes are nothing more than charlatans looking out only for themselves. A SHADOW intermittently passes over the pair.
94) 21) dialog: And those who cannot look out for themselves?...You could lead them, Bowen. Give them hope.
94) 23) dialog: So was I. And I remember more. One lone knight who dare to stand against the king and saved a rebel from a blinding. (Bowen turns sharply) ---for a little while anyway..-.You, Bowen. The rebel was my father. She sadly fingers Red-beard's headband about her throat. Bowen looks at her, the memory slowly crystallizing.
94) 24) dialog: Let others stand with you and this time the end will be different. Bowen takes her gently by the shoulders, gazing sadly in flaring eyes, drinking in her angry beauty with melanchol yearning. Unable to stand his probing gaze, Kara breaks away.
94) 25) dialog: What are you looking at?
94) 29) dialog: Try to turn the wretched world the other way. ‘Bowen turns back and looks at them for a moment and then spurs his horse over the bridge.
95) 1) dialog: Wait! KARA...pushes through the press of villagers.
95) 2) dialog: This man is a fraud! The Chief jerks the money back. Kara smiles in gloating triumph. Bowen thrusts out his dragonhorn shield.
95) 4) dialog: That's a lie! This Knight is no Dragonslayer.
95) 8) dialog: Almost?
95) 11) dialog: No! He's in league with the dragon! 72 Everyone stares at her. Bowen. Gilbert. The Villlagers. Their Chief...who slowly starts to chuckle, then laugh. H hands the money to Bowen who also laughs and makes a craz sign in reference to Kara.
96) 2) dialog: I thought you had sunk low, Bowen. But not this low.
96) 14) dialog: Us?
96) 17) dialog: Hey!
98) 9) dialog: It must start somewhere.
98) 10) dialog: Will you wish us luck, Draco? She turns to... DRACO...perched on a crumbling castle turret framed betwe two of the stone columns, gazing up at the sky...at the D CONSTELLATION.
100) 0) text: A QUARTER-STAVE smashes down on another. CAMERA BACK, as one-eyed Hewe drives Kara to the ground with the blow. OT VILLAGERS crowd around, laughing and mocking. Gilbert scrambles to Kara's side and helps her to her feet. 80
102) 0) text: Kara swings a heavy BATTLE-AXE through a series of exerci As she whirls it above her head, the momentum sends her staggering back against... BOWEN...who stops her fall..
102) 2) dialog: (shyly) oh...Thank you... She doesn't move. Nor is he in any hurry to dislodge her. They're very close, staring stupidly at each other, befor Bowen awkwardly seques from romance to warfare. Not letti go of her, he nudges her legs apart with one of his own.
102) 6) dialog: That could cleave a man's skull.
104) 0) text: Bowen sleeps in his tent. Suddenly, A BELLOWING HONKING W pierces his slumber, He jerks awake, naked to the waist, eyes wide with a startled groggy glaze. He turns to see.. Kara...holding a war trumpet.
104) 1) dialog: Battle horn! Good tone, don't you think? No, Bowen doesn't think. He just mumbles inarticulately. Kara throws his jerkin in his face.
104) 2) dialog: Sun's up, Knight. So's the army. Why aren't you? Breakfast! She stuffs a hunk of bread into his mouth. Bowen heaves a muffled groan.
104) 3) dialog: Too dry? She yanks the bread from his slack~jawed mouth. He puffs lips and sleepily tries to blow the sprinkled crumbs off them. Kara dips the bread in a goblet of wine and crams i back into his mouth. Both bread and wine dribble down his chin. He looks at Kara in sleepy irritation. She's just t perky.
104) 4) dialog: Come on. Time's awasting. She hustles behind him, slapping a wet cloth on his back. yelps his first word of the morning.
104) 5) dialog: Well, good morning to you too! Too cold? Bowen snatches the cloth from her and wipes the sleep fro his eyes.
104) 7) dialog: There's much to be done. Troops to train, strategy to plan, crises to be solved.
104) 9) dialog: That beard, for one. It could use a trim. She holds up her axe. Bowen grabs her arm.
104) 10) dialog: Don't worry, you taught me well.
104) 12) dialog: (shrugs) Well, if you don't want to look like a victorious general...
104) 14) dialog: You're my confidence! I've never been more sure of anything in my life! Come! She takes his hand and yanks him toward the tent exit.
105) 1) dialog: Tomorrow we will look to you... glowing at our head like a shining beacon... She gestures to the draped poles. Hewe whip off the cloth...revealing A BEAUTIFUL SET OF GLISTENING ARMOR. Th emblem on the breastplate is Draco's golden profile. Gilb hands him the helmet. Bowen admires it in stunned awe. 85
105) 2) dialog: They made it for you...All of them, out of old kettles and plows and horseshoes -..Gilbert designed it. Hewe hammered and polished it. And over your heart...Draco as the emblem of your courage. Bowen is touched. His fingers lightly caress the golden profile of Draco.
105) 4) dialog: A knight's armour should be as bright as his honour. AN OLD WOMAN emerges from the crowd and, in silent revere touches Bowen's face. Others then reach out to touch him. Warrior, women, children. All press close to touch him or give a word of thanks. Speechless, overcome with emotion, Bowen bolts to his tent.
106) 1) dialog: Shall I help you put it on? Bowen turns. Kara stands there with the rest of the armou
106) 3) dialog: How fast your heart beats...
106) 5) dialog: They will give much.
106) 7) dialog: Then you'll have lead them farther than they ever dared go before... She steps back to inspect him. 86
106) 8) dialog: There. All done.
106) 10) dialog: A favour?
106) 12) dialog: Bo you have a lady?
106) 14) dialog: I...I have no such finery. I'm not a lady. I'm a peasant.
106) 16) dialog: I can give no favour. I can give nothing. Lost honour can be recovered, not so lost youth. The one thing that was mine to give Einon stole forever.
114) 0) text: +.-The DRACO EMBLEM on Bowen's armour glinting gold in th sunlight. Tied to his arm is Kara's favour. He is at the head of his ARMY. Draco's image is also on the banners flapping gloriously in the morning breeze. IN SEVERAL SHOTS AND ANGLES, THE CAMERA CATCHES the motle but proudly determined army as it MARCHES out of camp. Ka and Gilbert ride by Bowen's side. Hewe, foot, marches at head of the troop with the other "GENERALS". Hewe glances up. Others follow his gaze as... DRACO...swoops overhead. He dips a wing in salute. BOWEN...acknowledges Draco's salute with a raised sword a the dragon banks left in the direction of Einon castle.
119) 7) dialog: Like a pudding!
122) 0) text: Bowen and Kara are pressed back-to-back as Einon suddenly rides by. Both recognize him.
124) 0) text: With devastating skill, both Kara and Bowen dispatch thei enemies. For both have witnessed all... Einon taking the arrow, Draco's screech of pain and fall.
128) 0) text: With an anguished shout, Bowen tears down the hill for Ei Kara watches his furious, futile chase and exchanges a worried glance with Gilbert, who rushes up to her. They b look to Bowen who has given up his chase. He turns to the his face a mask of anguished determination.
130) 0) text: Hewe and the rebels survey the carnage they have wrought. Savouring the taste of victory. Tall and proud. Men once more. As Bowen, Kara, and Gilbert emerge into the forest, Hewe salutes them with an upraised sword and a smile. But his smile vanishes when he sees their long faces.
132) 0) text: Draco's MELANCHOLY TRILL echoes from the castle walls out across the night to the forest's edge where camp a dispir group of rebels. CAMERA PANS TO: BOWEN...listening to Draco's sad song in anguish as Gilbe dresses a wound on Kara's shoulder.
132) 2) dialog: No, Einon will not torture him. He will not harm him in any way. Bowen turns to her, not understanding.
132) 3) dialog: (remembering) "Einon will not fall in my lifetime" ...-Draco's words to me once. I saw him go down. No one touched him. It was when Gilbert shot Einon.
132) 6) dialog: Don't you see? It's the heart. The Dragon's heart. For Einon to die, Draco must die! :
132) 9) dialog: You do not go alone.
134) 0) text: Kara leads Gilbert and Bowen to the hole in the wall's ro foundation. As they are about to enter, Draco's wailing lament echoes from inside. The three exchange a worried glance and dart into the passage.
135) 0) text: Kara leads Bowen and Gilbert into the cistern from the passageway. Bowen charges for the courtyard door.
135) 1) dialog: Not that way. Too dangerous.
135) 5) dialog: This leads to the castle. We can see the whole courtyard from there. Bowen starts up, but Kara holds him back. Their eyes meet Both know this may be the last quiet moment they share. S tightens her "favour" on his arm.
135) 6) dialog: You carry my favour. Carry this too... She leans up and kisses him. Bowen enfolds her in his arm
136) 0) text: The secret passage opens. Bowen, Kara, and Gilbert creep in...only to find Einon comfortably sprawled on the bed.
138) 0) text: A cringing FELTON flattensd against a staircase wall. Rap steps descend and Kara appears, gripping her axe, trying decide which way to go. Felton, realizing his enemy is only a woman, sweeps out o the shadows like a spider, his sword at her throat as he leers triumphantly over her shoulder.
138) 3) dialog: I'm in your debt.
140) 0) text: Kara, axe in hand, whirls onto a battlement through the wreckage of the dragonslayers' catapults. She turns to ge her bearings straight and sees A HUGE SHADOW looming on t wall behind her, hoisting a HUGE SHADOW SWORD.. Kara wheels around to confront Brok, but her axe is no ma for Brok's heavy descending sword. The impact tears the weapon from her hand and sends her careening into the dea dragonslayer, Jugurtha, still impaled on the wall. She snatches THE GIANT AXE still cluthced in his dead han and jerks the heavy shaft with two hands to fend off Brok blade, But the sword slices right through the shaft. The weight the axe jerks Kara to safety. The blade whizzes by her. Brok wheels, Kara swings the butt of the broken axe-pole against Brok's shield, It cracks him under the jaw and throws him off-guard. She twirls the axe, blade up, and thrusts it up between Brok's legs. He crumbles to the ground, devastated. 105
140) 2) dialog: Like a pudding.
144) 3) dialog: Bowen! Kara has appeared on the roof and throws her axe to Bowen still in mid-air. Catching it, he lands and catches Einon blade on it. Einon is jarred back and Bowen sends the axe flying. It shrieks through the air, just missing Einon's head and burying itself in the heavy wooden shutter of a window in a partially rebuilt wall. still off-balance, Ei strikes. Bowen leaps the thrust and jumps onto the low si to yank his axe free. It won't budge. Einon snarls a laugh and lunges. Bowen pushes off from th sill and, clinging to the axe-handle, rides the shutter a swings out. Einon cannot stop his momentum and he spills of the window into space.
147) 0) text: Kara dashes to the window, as Bowen clings to his axe-han on the swinging shutter. Both look down.
148) 0) text: Bowen looks over at Kara.
148) 3) dialog: Bowen! But he doesn't go far. He has grabbed hold of a PULLEY-LI that is attached to the tower and is fast spiralling down the courtyard below...and Draco!
151) 7) dialog: I...1...don't know...
151) 25) dialog: No! TI will do it! She runs for the axe. Bowen moves to stop her.
153) 0) text: Bowen gazes heavenward. Expectant. Waiting. Smiling. A -strange look on his face. A knowledge in his eye. A PERCEPTION. Gilbert and Kara wonder what he sees. If he's mad with grief. They look from him to...
155) 0) text: Smiling. Kara hugs Bowen. Gilbert crosses himself. All stare transfixed...
157) 0) text: BOWEN...And Kara and Gilbert...their upturned faces bathe its glow. A trio of stillness amidst the raucous celebrat of their fellows. THE CAMERA PULLS BACK. UP. The noise grows dimmer. And the light that frames them grows more intense. 113 AND THE CAMERA CONTINUES BACK.