8) 6) text: Pancakes. She leaves and whispers something to Gina. Gina turns and over at Jean. Jean pours more syrup and starts writing his name. At the grill, LESHKO, the burly Owner/Cook, has his watch on Jean. He doesn't like what he sees. Jean smears the syrup thinly, so it doesn't erase itself. draws a picture of Gina, using his fingers and the silver rendering her last expression strikingly with a few quick A GAUNT YOUNG MAN saunters up to Jean's table. He's sort tall Puerto Rican Alain Delon with sleepy eyes. He is BEN BENNY
8) 12) text: Who's that? BENNY
8) 15) dialog: 
8) 24) text: Gina? She puts her finger in the syrup and licks it off. Benny takes it all in. Leshko is upon them. LESHKO
8) 32) text: I need this? Gina quietly removes her apron in disbelief. Benny gets up to leave very casually. BENNY (waving g'bye to Jean)
9) 0) text: They stand outside, not knowing quite what comes next. Jean gives Benny a look (i.e. 'scram'). BENNY
9) 1) text: Catch you later. Benny leaves. A CHILLY WIND picks up. Jean's mood is suddenly downcast. They button up their overcoats, about to leave. GINA
13) 0) text: A door opens to reveal Jean's wet face. Benny lets him in. Jean enters a rundown railroad flat crammed with musical instruments, beer cans, and homemade art. There's a couch sheet over it. Junk is piled in a corner - mostly art books and drawings Benny sits down at an electric piano, which he's evidentl playing. He sings along, softly, working out the words, concentrating, absorbed. Jean sets his belongings on the couch, walks to a mic sta starts making up his own words. BASQUIAT
13) 1) text: "She loves me. Oh yeah she loves me! She loooooooves me, Oh yeah she loves me!" Bring me some chicken, baby! BENNY
13) 3) text: Yeah man. I'm jealous. You're always great, Benny. (goes back into 'act')
13) 4) text: "Her name is G-I-N-A Gina And she lo-oooves me." I did say chicken! Benny turns off the piano and lights a roach, angry at Je self-centeredness. Jean digs through a pile of garbage. Finally, he finds wh looking for - a pile of "SAMO baseball cards" - color Xer his favorite images and words. He pockets them. BASQUIAT (CONT'D)
13) 5) text: I knew I left these somewhere. One of these'll send your kids to college someday. (hands it to Benny solemnly)
13) 6) text: Here - I made this for you. BENNY
13) 8) text: Your dad called again - something about a job. He hands Jean a slip of paper. He notices the number on J pants. BENNY (CONT'D)
13) 10) text: We're getting married. She said she could tell I was a great artist - she could see it in my eyes. She said she wanted to be by my side and have inter-racial babies with me. Benny grins. He grabs a basketball and spins it expertly index finger. BENNY
13) 11) text: G'night... See you in court tomorrow. Jean turns on the TV. He notices the roach. He picks up t Benny gave him with the message from his father and sets fire. He lights the roach with it. He looks up; on television, we see a BUM being interviewe turns up the volume. The bum's on the ground, looking beat up. Jean picks up a recorder and turns it on: BUM
14) 0) text: Jean and Benny are on stage with two other GUYS, members band Gray. Everyone but Jean is dressed in some sort of H costume. We HEAR the words "Boom, for real" blasting from the P.A. What follows is a continuation, a collage of words from J "suicide hotline" call - P.A.
14) 1) text: One philosopher said "Give me my liquid hijack Marlboros. Life's beautiful. You have someone to live for. What do you want? RKKKK! That's a beautiful name... French? Jean sits in a chair onstage with his band members. Benny the organ. The other band members play percussion and gui It works. The crowd loves it. The song ends abruptly. We begin to hear James Brown's "Sex Machine." Jean looks out into the crowd and notices Gina. She's loo right back at him from the bar. Pleased to see her face, to himself - BASQUIAT
21) 5) text: Fuck - I didn't think we were actually gonna do this. BENNY
21) 6) text: Concentrate on the ball. Shoot. Jean shoots. It flies up, up, up -     and over the backb He runs after the ball, gets it, and dribbles clumsily. BENNY
21) 10) text: Oh - you mean black people! He shoots and misses again. He throws it to Benny, who do picture-perfect lay-up. BASQUIAT (CONT'D) (changing the subject)
21) 11) text: How long do you think it takes to get really famous? During the following, Benny performs a series of amazing while Jean looks on admiringly. BENNY
21) 13) text: Whatever. Famous. To where you can do your stuff all day without thinking about anything else. BENNY
21) 14) text: Ummm... Four years. Six to get rich. He shoots. Swish. BENNY (CONT'D)
21) 15) text: First, you have to dress right. He shoots again. Swish. BENNY (CONT'D)
21) 16) text: Then, you have to hang out all the time - with famous people - the right people, the right chicks, the right parties. He shoots again. Swish. BENNY (CONT'D)
21) 17) text: And you gotta do your work all the time when you're not doing that. The same kinda work, the same style - over and over again, so people recognize it and don't get confused. Then, once you're famous, you have to keep doing it the same way, even after it's boring - unless you want people to really get mad at you - which they will anyway. Benny tosses Jean the ball. Jean walks off the court. BASQUIAT
21) 18) text: Come on. I hate this. I'm no good at it. Jean shoots the ball and keeps walking. The ball goes in. doesn't notice. Benny runs after it.
22) 0) text: Benny and Jean walk along. Benny dribbles. BENNY
22) 2) text: Who's John Henry? BENNY
22) 5) text: So then what? BENNY
22) 11) text: Jean scrounges in his pockets, pulls out his Xerox cards, readies himself as Bruno and Andy enter BALLATO'S RESTAUR BENNY
22) 13) text: He's the best painter in the world. I'm gonna give him one of these. BENNY
22) 14) text: Don't give him anything, man. Your art's worth a lot. Trade. That's what real artists do with each other. Besides, he'll just use you. He's famous for that. Benny watches Jean crosses the street. Jean passes the li Inside, the driver (a 24-year old Rasta) takes a hit from and watches Jean.
24) 0) text: Jean and Benny are outside the entrance to Gina's buildin carries two huge bags overflowing with groceries and flow buzzes. There's no answer. BASQUIAT
26) 0) text: Jean rejoins Benny in front of Gina's building. As they're leaving, Gina comes up the street. BASQUIAT (to Benny)
26) 1) text: Check you later, man. BENNY
29) 12) text: 'Gypsy, Gypsy, your hair, your hair, your face, your face.' No longer crying, Gina leans her head against Jean. We HEAR a CALL from the window: BENNY (O.S.)
31) 20) dialog: We got beat.
31) 22) dialog: You gonna carry that around all night?
32) 0) text: The party's winding down - hip-hop kids, Lower East Side Jean and Benny pass through the room, ignoring the two or clusters of people - maybe fifteen in all... Jean encounters a familiar face: an enormous red-haired d ROCKETS (35). They greet each other as friends. Rockets leads Jean aside. They stand near a wall where a hangs ("Flats Fixed"). It bears Jean's three-point crown.
32) 3) text: Do one for me and it's free. How's that? Jean re-pockets his money. He gestures to Rockets as if t "fine - it's a deal." He and Benny sit down across the room and split a bag ont window, as before. This time, it's good. They lean back i slumping down into the couch. Nearby, Rene sits on a couch with THREE STREET KIDS - art (who we've seen at Milo's opening). They sit on their kne looking out a window passing binoculars back and forth. ARTIST #1 looks through the window with a pair of BINOCUL points down towards the street, trying to get Rene's atte ARTIST #1
32) 10) text: Benny is now alone on the couch. He nods out.
32) 22) text: Fuck, man, where'd he go? Where's Jean? Benny looks around ineffectually and shrugs. RENE (to himself)
37) 0) text: Jean waits in a taxi in front of Benny's apartment. BASQUIAT
37) 1) text: Honk the horn again, will you please? The DRIVER obliges. The back of the cab is loaded with al belongings. Boxes piled with junk. Bags of new painting s Benny emerges from his building and jumps into the cab. BASQUIAT (CONT'D) (annoyed)
37) 3) text: One-fourteen Prince. The cab pulls out. Jean lights a joint. and smokes it fur He doesn't pass it to Benny. BENNY
37) 5) text: I ain't John Henry. BENNY
37) 7) text: What's your fuckin' problem, anyway? Benny holds out his hand for the joint. BENNY (inhaling)
37) 9) text: Good. What do you have? BENNY
37) 11) text: 'Uppity?' Like as in 'uppity nigger?' He snaps his finger for the joint back. BENNY
37) 14) text: Hey fuck you! I deserve this shit. You're just jealous 'cause it ain't happening to you! The cab stops for a red light. Benny gets out. He doesn't word. Jean doesn't look at him. The cab sails off.
39) 6) text: It's Benny. He wants to know why you're not at band practice...? BASQUIAT (quietly)
46) 23) text: It feels... good! Jean notices Benny across the room. He slows down and wav Jean sees Gina across the room wearing the scarf. Just beyond her, he sees Big Pink approaching. There must be ten people between them. BASQUIAT (to Rene)
46) 30) text: She's only kidding! Looking past the Krugers, Jean looks for Gina. He sees he path is blocked. He presses forward, looking for Gina, getting caught in t crowd. Jean strains to keep an eye on Gina and Big Pink.. Benny arrives at Jean's side holding a bottle of Jack Dan a shot glass. BENNY
46) 32) text: Not now, ok? Benny is left standing next to Andy holding the bottle. Jean manages to advance a few more feet through the crowd runs smack into Rockets, his drug dealer. ROCKETS
46) 33) text: Jean Michel, my man. Nice party. Should we step into my office? Nearby, Benny sees this meeting and walks off, disgusted, thinking this is why Jean gave him the brush off. BASQUIAT
77) 3) text: Gina and Benny look out the window into the street. Jean's a block away.
80) 0) text: Jean has been passed out on a sidewalk. CLOSE ON: Benny's face. He leans over Jean and helps him up. BASQUIAT
80) 1) text: Willie Mays... Nice to see you. Benny looks at Jean's eyes. Jean stretches, kicking life back into his limbs. BASQUIAT (CONT'D)
80) 2) text: How's Gina? You guys getting along? Benny looks at him guiltily.
80) 3) dialog: She's good. BASQUIAT
80) 4) text: I guess it was a long time ago. BENNY
81) 0) text: Jean and Benny zoom along in a battered old Army Jeep. No revived, Jean stands up, waving at people miming General We HEAR the music of "Summer of Siam." BENNY
82) 0) text: A mountain of homeopathic medicine and health food on the counter. Benny helps the clerk load it into a box. CLERK
82) 2) text: Just ring it up. I don't need a bag. (to Benny)
85) 0) text: We rush down, down through the sky. Buildings come up at us. We're over Soho. We're back on the ground. Benny and Jean continue walking. We see Jean from behind. He's looking up. Benny stops to readjust his parcels. Jean continues down the street, talking louder. BASQUIAT (CONT'D)