8) 0) text: Bending over a countertop, we see GINA CARDINALE, 22. He on her. She looks up and notices his stare. She continues to work Still staring at her, he sits down at a table. He pours m syrup onto the table. He draws in the syrup with his fing
8) 2) text: What'll it be? Jean thinks about it, eyes still following Gina. BASQUIAT
8) 3) text: Ummm. It'll be great. We'll live together in peace. What's her name? (indicates Gina)
8) 5) text: Gina. What'll it be? BASQUIAT
8) 6) text: Pancakes. She leaves and whispers something to Gina. Gina turns and over at Jean. Jean pours more syrup and starts writing his name. At the grill, LESHKO, the burly Owner/Cook, has his watch on Jean. He doesn't like what he sees. Jean smears the syrup thinly, so it doesn't erase itself. draws a picture of Gina, using his fingers and the silver rendering her last expression strikingly with a few quick A GAUNT YOUNG MAN saunters up to Jean's table. He's sort tall Puerto Rican Alain Delon with sleepy eyes. He is BEN BENNY
8) 8) text: Willie Mays. Suddenly, Rene Ricard enters - a one-man parade. He becko Gina, snapping his fingers. RENE
8) 9) text: Nurse!!! Oh!!! Nurse!!! Carrot juice. Tofu burger. Rapido! GINA
8) 18) text: How's the special today? GINA
8) 21) text: What do you think? She looks at her portrait in the syrup... She can't resis smiling. GINA
8) 22) text: It's me. I've never been done in maple syrup. Here's a rag. Gina smiles. She offers him one. As she holds it out, the lock. She tries to resist his smile.
8) 24) text: Gina? She puts her finger in the syrup and licks it off. Benny takes it all in. Leshko is upon them. LESHKO
8) 25) text: Alright. Look at you, staring at this girl, making a mess. He waves Jean toward the door. Jean takes Gina's rag and begins cleaning his mess, seemi compliant. BASQUIAT
8) 27) text: OK! Goodbye! GINA
8) 29) text: You nuts? Let him order? You on his side? You're not such a good waitress. You get out, too. GINA
8) 31) text: I need this? GINA
8) 32) text: I need this? Gina quietly removes her apron in disbelief. Benny gets up to leave very casually. BENNY (waving g'bye to Jean)
8) 33) text: Willie Mays. LESHKO (to Gina)
9) 1) text: Catch you later. Benny leaves. A CHILLY WIND picks up. Jean's mood is suddenly downcast. They button up their overcoats, about to leave. GINA
9) 3) text: What's wrong with you? The truth is, he feels awful for causing Gina's trouble, shows it by moping like a child. GINA (CONT'D)
9) 5) text: I guess you did. GINA
9) 7) text: Can I walk you home? GINA
9) 8) text: I think I could do that alone. Gina walks away. He runs after her. BASQUIAT
9) 9) text: Wait, I'm in a band....We're at the Mudd Club on Halloween. I'll put you on the list. Gina turns and looks back at Jean. GINA
9) 10) text: I hate the Mudd Club. He catches up to her. Gina notices a dead leaf in his hair and picks it out. GINA (CONT'D)
9) 12) text: I'm clean. Smell me. I always smell good. I don't know why, I just do! He leans forward, offering his neck. GINA (smelling)
9) 14) text: Just come to the Mudd Club on Friday. GINA
9) 16) text: Party girls? Can I call you? GINA (teasing him)
9) 19) dialog: Thanks. She admires the speaker watches him walk off.
13) 4) text: "Her name is G-I-N-A Gina And she lo-oooves me." I did say chicken! Benny turns off the piano and lights a roach, angry at Je self-centeredness. Jean digs through a pile of garbage. Finally, he finds wh looking for - a pile of "SAMO baseball cards" - color Xer his favorite images and words. He pockets them. BASQUIAT (CONT'D)
14) 1) text: One philosopher said "Give me my liquid hijack Marlboros. Life's beautiful. You have someone to live for. What do you want? RKKKK! That's a beautiful name... French? Jean sits in a chair onstage with his band members. Benny the organ. The other band members play percussion and gui It works. The crowd loves it. The song ends abruptly. We begin to hear James Brown's "Sex Machine." Jean looks out into the crowd and notices Gina. She's loo right back at him from the bar. Pleased to see her face, to himself - BASQUIAT
14) 4) dialog: I do. (beat)
15) 1) text: It's raining heavily. Jean motions for Gina to wait under entrance. He tries to hail a cab... And another. And anot A parade of them passes, but each time they slow down, th glimpse of Jean and drive off. Finally, Gina steps out of the entrance. She raises her h a car pulls over instantly.
17) 0) text: Through a steamy, rain-wet window, we see Jean and Gina s a table, dining. They seem to be having a nice time.
18) 0) text: Gina lays in bed. Daylight streams into the apartment. Jackhammers RATTLE outside. (Music: REGGAE SONG - Errol Scorcher's "Cockroach in de Corner.")
18) 1) text: A cockroach crawls from Gina's bedroom across the floor a the kitchen where Jean sits naked on the floor, working o drawing. It crawls over his drawing towards a cardboard b Jean rummages through a cabinet. He finds a can of bugspr tears off a side of the box. With cardboard in one hand a bugspray in the other, he forgets the cockroach. He's mesmerized by the list of ingredients on the aerosol Someone POUNDS furiously at the door. Ignoring the pounding, he starts listing the ingredients piece of cardboard, finishing his new drawing by includin symbol of a cockroach to the left of the list. LANDLADY
18) 5) text: Why didn't you say so? Damn! She's asleep! Jean draws on a piece of paper on the counter next to him hands it to the landlady. It's a a little shack with a bi next to it that says "'Here' For Rent." The landlady looks at him like he's crazy. She balls up t drawing and puts it in her pocket. Gina arrives in the doorway, wearing a robe. The landlady trapped between them. GINA (to Jean)
18) 6) text: What're you doing? The landlady wags her finger at Gina. LANDLADY
18) 7) text: Next Monday. Gina and Jean look amused as they watch her leave. BASQUIAT
18) 8) text: Wanna go get some breakfast? GINA
18) 9) text: A friend of mine offered me a job doing a little work installing a show in a gallery. He's an electrician. I was supposed to be there an hour ago. She looks at the bugspray drawing on the floor. GINA (CONT'D)
21) 4) text: I am... On Gina. (beat)
24) 0) text: Jean and Benny are outside the entrance to Gina's buildin carries two huge bags overflowing with groceries and flow buzzes. There's no answer. BASQUIAT
26) 0) text: Jean rejoins Benny in front of Gina's building. As they're leaving, Gina comes up the street. BASQUIAT (to Benny)
26) 2) text: Hi Gina. GINA
27) 0) text: Jean and Gina are sleeping. SERIES OF DISSOLVES: As they're turning together in their
29) 0) text: Jean watches "The Little Rascals" on TV in the living roo sound is turned off and a record player PLAYS Gypsy music Rolled up in a large drop cloth, Gina is asleep on the fl Next to her, Jean works on all fours, drawing figures, cr and houses. Working feverishly, he writes "HEY, HEY, HEY" in big clus then writes other words: SHARK, IMMORTALITY, JOHN THE REV FAME, INK, TEETH, HAWAII SUPERMARKET, POLE STAR, BABOON a He has an acoustics manual and Bible open    on the floor the technical blueprints from the manual.    He reads the following the text with a dirty finger. It    seems that TV, draws, listens to the music and reads    at the same He mixes Liquitex paints and puts some colors on the draw draws a long blue line and carries it over onto the floor wall. Through the fridge. Across the window. He takes off his paint-covered clothes and changes into G black slip. He rummages around the room, gathering pieces and Gina's clothes. He spreads the clothes on the floor, and selecting wide b with long bristles, picks up the cans of Liquitex paint. When paint spills on the clothes, he spreads it into shap Gina wakes up. She reaches for one of the painted shirts. GINA (in disbelief)
29) 2) text: C'mon, baby, I painted them for you. They're beautiful now. GINA
29) 4) text: How could you do that to me? Jean wipes his hands off on his thighs and puts his arms Gina, holding her. BASQUIAT
29) 5) text: ... I'll buy you some new ones. GINA
29) 7) text: Do you know what he's saying? GINA
29) 10) text: ... if one day I die, and    you read this piece of paper, I want you    to know how much I love you. Although I'll    never see you again, Gypsy, Gypsy, your    hair, your hair, your face, your face' Gina looks up at him. BASQUIAT (CONT'D)
29) 11) text: 'Even though you were never mine And you never will be You have a piece of my heart You have, you have, you have...' (he reaches down, wiping off Gina's face)
29) 12) text: 'Gypsy, Gypsy, your hair, your hair, your face, your face.' No longer crying, Gina leans her head against Jean. We HEAR a CALL from the window: BENNY (O.S.)
29) 16) text: Gina, don't you want any of this? You could use some. Gina doesn't respond. She comes out of the bedroom with a suitcase.
29) 17) dialog: See you later. She leaves. Silence.
31) 0) text: CAMERA PULLS BACK: Revealing Jean's eyes. They're open an motionless. His head is tilted toward his chest. OFF SCREEN WE HEAR the sounds of Gina coming home: The LOCK turns. The door OPENS. Gina comes in and drops a bag on the floor.
31) 1) dialog: Basquiat? Silence. She picks up the mail from under the door and wa the room. There's a lump on the floor. It's Jean.
31) 2) dialog: Wake up! I'm back! She shakes his arm. No result. She lifts his head, reveal painted hair. She shakes him harder. His body is totally limp. The whites of his eyes are red; his pupils slowly float u vanishing.
31) 3) dialog: Jean, what did you do to yourself? She listens to his breath, then to his heart.
31) 4) dialog: (panicking)
31) 5) text: Jesus Christ! She finds heroin sprinkled into some pot on the floor nea GINA (slapping his face)
31) 7) text: ... What's the matter? GINA (furious)
31) 9) text: You're back. GINA
31) 11) text: It's not Sunday? I missed you. You shouldn't leave me alone. GINA
31) 13) text: I'm your family. GINA
31) 15) text: Nothing special - just some weed. He finds an old joint and lights it up. GINA
34) 19) text: You look fucking beautiful, beautiful. GINA
34) 20) text: Well thanks! ANNINA NOSEI, a sophisticated, well-groomed woman appears Jean's side. She takes in his paintings. As Jean, Rene, and Annina talk, Gina is left out. RENE
34) 35) dialog: Who's that? RENE
34) 37) text: You slut. How do you know Bruno Bischofberger? (to Gina)
35) 0) text: Jean and Gina lay in bed. BASQUIAT
35) 2) dialog: (a little upset)
35) 5) text: Oahu, Lanai, Niihau, Kahoolawee - GINA
35) 7) text: Do you wanna marry me? Beat. No reply. Gina's asleep.
36) 2) text: Kind of a family portrait. Jean moves to add something. She stops him. GINA (CONT'D)
36) 6) dialog: You mean babies with you?
36) 8) dialog: You're your own baby. Jean paints out the image. There's a KNOCK at the door.
36) 9) dialog: Who is it?
36) 11) dialog: Who? Jean jumps up and locks himself in the bathroom. Gina goe door, unlocks the chain, and looks out.
36) 12) dialog: (through the crack)
36) 15) dialog: No. Closed in the bathroom, Jean smiles while eavesdropping.
36) 18) dialog: Aren't they?
36) 22) text: I'm interested in showing Jean's work. GINA
36) 25) text: How about right now? She opens the door. Unnoticed, Gina starts for the bedroom. GINA (calling back)
40) 32) text: I like this one, but that green... Suddenly, we see LEGS coming down the stairs. It's Gina. looks at her. BASQUIAT
40) 35) text: Hi. This is Gina. Annina nods to her. Gina nods to the group. CYNTHIA KRUGER
40) 36) text: They're something like Dubuffet's... That... childlike quality. Gina tries to connect with Jean. He's cold. CYNTHIA KRUGER (CONT'D) (to her husband and Annina)
43) 1) dialog: Hi.
43) 5) dialog: It's beautiful. Thanks. As she holds it up he puts it around her neck and kisses
46) 23) text: It feels... good! Jean notices Benny across the room. He slows down and wav Jean sees Gina across the room wearing the scarf. Just beyond her, he sees Big Pink approaching. There must be ten people between them. BASQUIAT (to Rene)
46) 30) text: She's only kidding! Looking past the Krugers, Jean looks for Gina. He sees he path is blocked. He presses forward, looking for Gina, getting caught in t crowd. Jean strains to keep an eye on Gina and Big Pink.. Benny arrives at Jean's side holding a bottle of Jack Dan a shot glass. BENNY
46) 34) text: That's alright. I'm cool now. Jean looks off and sees Big Pink fingering the scarf, say something to Gina. Gina slaps her in the face. Jean tries to get around the dealer. Gina turns to leave. She catches Jean's eye. She walks out. ROCKETS
55) 0) text: They walk out of the beauty salon.. Jean sees the back of a girl. She looks a lot like Gina.
55) 3) text: That girl looks just like my old girlfriend Gina. ANDY WARHOL
56) 0) text: A medium-sized dining room with dark wood paneling and ta appointed furnishings. Jean and Gina enter. Gina looks considerably more conserv than previously - more like a student. Jean's dressed wel looks even more careworn than usual. His hair is tied bac necktie. He has a couple sores on his face. His skin look little puffy. The MAITRE'D smiles at Jean and bows - MAITRE'D
56) 2) text: Hey George, what's up? A huge table with NINE WHITE EXECUTIVES. WAITERS clear th lunch settings. As they spot Jean and Gina entering, they and snicker. George leads them to their table. As they take their seat notices the suppressed giggles coming from the executives They try to ignore it. George disappears. Jean seems self-conscious about the sores on his face. GINA
56) 4) text: He's not. He's out of town and he calls me every day. What's weird about him? GINA
56) 8) text: Chateau Latour '64, please. George disappears again. GINA
56) 14) text: Thanks for coming. I guess I just wanted to find out how you're - GINA (referring to an extra loud snicker from execs)
56) 26) text: Baby, I think about you a lot. I'm really sorry about everything. You have to believe me. I'm serious. I wish, y'know, that we were - GINA
56) 31) text: The tip. Jean turns back to Gina. The Executive leaves them. Georg smiles. GINA
56) 33) text: What's his name? Gina balks. Rather than face a disappointment - BASQUIAT (CONT'D)
58) 0) text: Jean and Albert Milo sit on a banquette A huge white painting of Jean's with a dragon's head hang wall to their left. On the opposite wall in back of the b another huge painting with a lot of heads, mostly black. Lots of PEOPLE mill about a huge room. A GIRL - another Gina look-alike walks through the crowd. eyes follow her momentarily.. BASQUIAT (re: the paintings)
77) 1) text: Hello? Gina?
77) 3) text: Gina and Benny look out the window into the street. Jean's a block away.
80) 2) text: How's Gina? You guys getting along? Benny looks at him guiltily.