19) 12) text: See, this is a regular screwdriver, and this is a Phillips head. The cross thing... I'll tell you later what all the tools are so you'll know. A GROUP of people arrives. Albert Milo    comes into view, tailed closely by Rene Ri MARY BOONE    - well dressed, petite, intense, 30. Milo, 30), wears    casual clothes splattered with paint. Mary engaged in    conversation with Milo. Rene chatters away. Greg climbs back up the ladder. He holds a piece of wire Jean. Jean stares at the group while trying to be invisib
19) 14) dialog: Certainly not. You can use my line. Rene picks up the phone.
19) 17) dialog: (wincing)
19) 22) text: I sculpt. I'm really just starting to find myself. How old are you? Twenty? You're just like I used to be. I'm forty-one. And I'm glad I haven't gotten any recognition. It gave me time to develop. Jean watches Mary and Milo talking. MARY BOONE (to Milo)
19) 23) text: I can't tell you how happy I am with this show. Mary yells across the room to Jean. MARY BOONE (CONT'D) (her tone impersonal)
19) 28) text: Really. Huh. Too bad. MARY BOONE
46) 10) text: Your show looks great. Quite a turnout. You look great. You kids. You drink red wine with fish. You can do anything! Make paintings in the basement of your gallery? First time I've heard of that! They are approached by Mary Boone, a short woman in high and an Armani suit).
46) 13) dialog: (shaking Jean's hand)
50) 1) text: Good evening. From behind the Maitre'd on the mezzanine we see Bruno wa Jean. In the dining room on the lower level sit Annina and Rene Nearby, at another, smaller table, are seated DAVID MCDER PETER MCGOUGH, two artists dressed in Victorian attire. Annina beckons him. Rene looks away from him and talks to a WAITER. Jean wave Annina and continues towards Bruno's table. Seated at a large table are Andy, Bruno, Albert Milo, his and parents, Henry Geldzahler, MELINA PORTOS (a young hei and FRANCESCO and ALBA CLEMENTE and Mary Boone. Dinner's served. At the large table, everyone watches as Milo makes a port Francesco in a beautiful leatherbound book. It belongs to Chow, who is nearby at the bar. ANDY WARHOL
50) 12) text: You finish it. He pushes the book across the table. Francesco begins to draw. MARY BOONE (to Jean)
69) 0) text: Jean enters the gallery. Cleaned up. Healthier. Bruises h He looks like he's been painting. Mary looks up from her desk, surprised to see Jean. MARY BOONE
69) 2) text: I need a dealer. MARY BOONE
69) 5) text: It'll never fit. MARY BOONE
69) 7) text: You better take a look. Why's your door so small? The ceilings are sixteen feet and your door's the size of a mouse hole! MARY BOONE
69) 13) text: So what do you think? MARY BOONE
69) 15) text: I'm here. MARY BOONE