17) 2) dialog: Ow!
17) 6) dialog: Ow — leave it — Ricky! Ricky retrieves the phone, checks it.
35) 13) dialog: Enjoying the view? (CONTINUED)
35) 17) dialog: Call me when the school holidays are over. She throws a leg over the sill and jumps out the window. Theo watches her go ... and then looks back to Ricky.
71) 0) text: Ricky’s car is parked at the edge of the promenade. Nearby, in the shelter of a huge, gnarled pohutukawa tree, Ricky and Clementine are wrapped in a blanket.
71) 2) dialog: What stuff?
71) 4) dialog: What?
71) 6) dialog: How soon?
71) 8) dialog: Then I’d say ... She leans forward slowly to kiss him ...
71) 9) dialog: We don’t want to die ... without ... Their lips almost touch ... when something catches her eye behind him. She SHRIEKS, pulls back —
71) 13) dialog: Dirty old man! Ricky leaps up — MR JONES stands behind the arm of the tree.
71) 20) dialog: Ricky, what's going on?
82) 0) text: Ricky waits anxiously in his car. The passenger door opens, Clementine peers in.
82) 4) dialog: Is this that end of the world thing? Cos I’ve got work in the morning ... She meets his gaze. It’s serious. She gets into the car.
84) 0) text: The car reaches the top of the driveway. Ricky looks back, checking the boat — Clementine yelps in fright! Uncle Cliff, fully dressed, stands in front of the car. Ricky slams on the brakes and slumps against the wheel.
84) 12) dialog: Look out! Ricky floors it, hammering down the suburban street. The Wilberforce hearse roars after him. At the door the Drone BARKS grotesquely, its face savage, as it bounces around, dragging on the road. Ricky grasps the door handle and jerks the door open. The Drone flails, hitting the road in a tumble of tentacles — right in the path of the oncoming hearse! The hearse screeches to a halt.
84) 14) text: 159 160 161 UNDER THE MOUNTAIN © 2008 Redhead Films 81. INT/EXT. RICKY’S CAR/TAKAPUNA STREETS - NIGHT 158B Ricky and Clementine look back to see the Drone, still part-man, part-Wilberforce, leap across the bonnet of the hearse and into the passenger window, as the hearse continues the chase, further back now.
85) 0) text: The car roars down the boat ramp. Ricky tries to reverse the trailer into the water, going the wrong way, correcting, at last getting it right. Ricky and Clementine scramble out. The ominous clatter of the approaching hearse ... lights on the horizon ... The SEA LADY slips free of the trailer. Ricky clambers aboard, pulling Clementine up after him — A sudden ROAR — Ricky and Clementine look up — The hearse speeds off the boat ramp and soars overhead, crashing into the water. Bubbles on the surface ... dark shapes surface near the hearse and begin to give chase. Ricky tries to start the boat as the Wilberforces approach. It coughs once — twice — and catches! The boat motors away from the boat ramp, leaving the Drones behind.
85) 2) dialog: Tell me that wasn’t really your Dad?
91) 0) text: Mr Jones and Rachel climb out of the boat onto the beach, then turn back to Ricky and Clementine.
95) 0) text: The boat bobs, seemingly empty ... Ricky and Clementine 1 appear from below deck, eyes wide in terror and wonder.
97) 0) text: Ricky and Clementine are bathed in a scarlet glow. Across the harbour scarlet fire rises from the six volcanoes, turning the sky above downtown Auckland red.
99) 0) text: Ricky cuts the engine and leaps into the ankle-deep water, Clementine follows. They run up the beach. Ricky looks up at the dark hill above, capped by its blood red glow.