3) 0) text: Dense bush rolls over rugged hills. Black clouds boil in the sky. A straight road leads out of a small COUNTRY VILLAGE through fenced paddocks. A SCHOOLBAG tumbles over a fence. A teenage girl wearing a schoolbag, RACHEL, climbs the fence and looks back. She grins, holds out a hand.
3) 1) dialog: Need help? A teen boy, THEO, appears and clambers up the fence.
4) 0) text: At a wide gate they cross the road. Rachel swings the bag around, flinging it under a hedge. She starts down the long driveway as Theo runs for his bag.
5) 0) text: A POLICE CAR is parked in the driveway of the weather- beaten house ahead. Rachel stares, her eyes wide.
5) 1) dialog: Theo! Why is there a — 10 11 12 13 UNDER THE MOUNTAIN © 2008 Redhead Films 4.
7) 0) text: Theo’s voice rings in Rachel’s head. Their thoughts have become one, a fluid sharing of words and feelings:
7) 1) dialog: — what if there's been —
8) 1) dialog: — an accident. I'm sure there's —
9) 0) text: Rachel runs to the house.
9) 1) dialog: — I’m scared, Theo!
11) 0) text: Rachel pulls open the screen door of the farmhouse and creeps down the long dark tunnel of the hall. Ahead, through the door, we find a POLICEMAN standing with his hat in his hands. Rachel pushes the door open further to reveal the twins’ FATHER, sitting at the table, face slack with shock. (CONTINUED)
12) 0) text: Theo stops in his tracks, trembling as Rachel is — FEELING WHAT SHE'S FEELING. Theo approaches the house with trepidation. He climbs the porch, pulls open the door.
13) 0) text: Theo heads down the hallway, fearful ... IN THE KITCHEN, Rachel looks up — face wracked with grief. In the hall, Theo reels back against the wall, feeling her pain, frozen — IN THE KITCHEN, Rachel looks towards the door that separates them.
13) 1) dialog: Theo? IN THE HALLWAY, Theo shakes his head, unable to bear it. We hear her voice in his mind again, desperate.
13) 2) dialog: Theo? I need you. Something seems to snap. Theo scrambles back up the hall, slams through the screen door and stumbles out onto the lawn.
13) 3) dialog: Theo, I — The screen door BANGS behind him — her voice cutting off in his mind, as though a door between them has SLAMMED SHUT. We push in towards the screen door, watching him ... then PULL FOCUS to the mesh, shutting out everything beyond. 16 17 18 UNDER THE MOUNTAIN © 2008 Redhead Films 6. EXT. COUNTRY CHURCHYARD — DAY 16 A dark hole in the ground: a GRAVE. Gathered around it are two dozen MOURNERS in dark clothing and an Anglican Reverend, REVEREND BLATTY.
15) 2) dialog: Let me see — Theo shrugs her away and returns to the window. (CONTINUED )
16) 0) text: A train pulls into the station. Rachel and Theo walk past, Rachel struggling with her bag, Theo pushing on ahead.
17) 0) text: Volcanic steam clouds the air — a fountain outside the station. Through the haze, we see Theo step out of the station, looking around. Rachel appears behind him, dragging her bag.
17) 1) dialog: Where is he? INT/EXT. RICKY’S CAR/AUCKLAND PARK - DAY 21 The interior of a cramped, ratty-looking DATSUN. Two teenagers are making out clumsily. Things are almost heating up ... Knees bang against the handbrake — an elbow smacks the door —
18) 4) dialog: Nice hickey. Alarmed, Ricky checks the rear-view mirror to find a small hickey on his neck. EXT/INT. CENTRAL AUCKLAND STREETS/RICKY’S CAR - DAY 23 The car rattles and roars in complaint as Ricky hammers down inner city streets. Rachel sits in the front; in the back, Theo looks out the window at the city. Rachel looks back, notes the BLACK CLOUD coughing out of the car’s exhaust. (CONTINUED)
18) 7) dialog: I bet you can see your carbon footprint from space.
18) 10) dialog: He just needed some ‘time out’.
18) 12) dialog: That’s great. That’s a really great thing to tell people.
20) 0) text: Facing Rangitoto is the clutter of Takapuna’s apartment buildings and malls. Beside it we find LAKE PUPUKE, a large body of water in the middle of a verdant suburb. EXT. AUNT & UNCLE’S HOUSE - DAY 26 Ricky’s car pulls up at a modernist mansion that steps down toward the lake. Rachel and Theo gape at the conspicuous opulence of the house. (CONTINUED)
20) 4) dialog: Hi Auntie Kay. As Ricky retrieves the bags from the car, Uncle Cliff shakes hands with Theo.
20) 7) dialog: Cool place.
20) 11) dialog: (dubious ) Bunks. Kay pauses ... looks at Rachel, misty-eyed. Rachel looks away, awkward.
20) 13) dialog: I know. (CONTINUED)
20) 24) dialog: What’s that smell? Rachel is behind him. Theo doesn’t look up.
20) 26) dialog: Like rotten cabbages. Is it the water? Theo looks back across the lake to the house ...
20) 53) dialog: Shut up, Theo.
20) 55) dialog: Shut up! A LOW RUMBLE. The house SHAKES around them — an EARTHQUAKE! Theo looks around, wide-eyed, as the furniture and knick-knacks shift and rattle. Quickly, the tremor subsides. They exchange glances, scared — thrilled — then everyone talks as once:
20) 64) dialog: (whispers) Theo? Theo pretends to be asleep. Rachel pads to the window.
21) 0) text: The sinister shape of the Wilberforce house across the lake. INT. AUNT & UNCLE’S GUEST BEDROOM - NIGHT 34 Rachel peers through the murk at the eerie house. From his bed, Theo watches Rachel.
22) 0) text: The tall figure of a MAN stands in the shadows under the rusting verandah. He seems to be looking back at Rachel. INT. AUNT & UNCLE’S GUEST BEDROOM - NIGHT 34B Rachel stares back, a little spooked. INT. AUNT & UNCLE’S HOUSE/KITCHEN - MORNING 35 A note on the bench reads GONE TO WORK - EAT REAL FOOD! A large kitchen with expensive fittings. A small TV, switched on, the sound muted. On the bench is a selection of cereal boxes. Theo scans them, trying to decide. MOMENTS LATER: Theo serves himself a bowl of ice cream and starts eating. On TV, a smiling TV NEWS READER talks against a backdrop image of CENTRAL AUCKLAND and the heading Auckland Shaken. Theo grabs the REMOTE and switches on the sound —
23) 0) text: Rachel cuts across the black water, paddling carefully but confidently. She peers down into the darkness, spooked — it’s deep down there. Rachel looks up to find she’s nearing the Wilberforce house. Dead trees frame the house, skeletal fingers reaching out across the water. Seen from the lake through leafless branches and tangled vines, the Wilberforce house is dark and tumbledown, weatherboards thick with moss, roof rotten and sunken-in, windows dark. No signs of life. CREEAAK! The back door opens, just a crack. Something moves in the darkness beyond. Rachel's eyes widen ... then she squeals as a branch snags her hair. INT. AUNT & UNCLE’S LIVING ROOM - DAY 39 Theo jerks, reaches to his head. He looks out to where Rachel and the kayak bob in the shadow of the dead trees.
24) 0) text: Rachel reaches up to find that her hair tie is gone. (CONTINUED)
25) 0) text: Rachel drags the kayak out of the water into the reeds at the lake's edge. She looks back at the Wilberforce house. A figure picks its way down from his house towards the lakeshore. Rachel ducks behind the reeds, watching.
26) 0) text: Under the shadow of the house, the man moves as if slowed and bent by age, but his frame is monumental. His lined face seems roughly hewn from stone, eyes black holes under heavy brows. MR WILBERFORCE reaches into the dead tree. He takes something from its branches, opens his hand to reveal — Rachel's hair tie. Mr Wilberforce slowly raises his hand to his face ... and seems to SNIFF at the hair.
27) 0) text: Rachel watches, horrified ...
29) 0) text: Rachel shrinks, chilled. She looks around the lawn, suddenly feeling vulnerable. INT. AUNT & UNCLE’S LIVING ROOM - DAY 46 In the living room, Theo turns to the next page. More images — another volcano — a grassy cone with a view out over the city ... 47 48 49 UNDER THE MOUNTAIN © 2008 Redhead Films 19. EXT/INT. MT EDEN ROAD/RICKY’S CAR - DAY 47 Ricky’s car drives through the centre of Mt Eden, towards the grassy cone of the volcano towering above. A sign reads MT EDEN SUMMIT. Ricky’s car follows the road up towards Mt Eden. Ricky drives, the twins crammed into the car with him. Craggy trees line the road like a tunnel of gnarled talons, sunlight filtering through in eerie shafts. Rachel’s eyes widen — A DARK FIGURE can be glimpsed between the trunks, still as a statue, as if watching the car. Rachel looks back — the figure is gone, hidden by the trees.
30) 0) text: A huge grassed bowl — the crater of this not-long-dead volcano. Rachel, Theo and Ricky stand on the platform, dwarfed by the scale of it. Beyond, over city and water, is Rangitoto.
30) 2) text: North Head and Rangitoto. Rachel shivers against the cold.
30) 3) dialog: I thought Auckland was supposed to be warm.
32) 0) text: Rachel looks out across the city. Ricky leans on the fence, texting. Beyond, Theo strides around the crater rim. Ricky looks up from his phone, watches Theo.
32) 2) dialog: I can’t get through to him. It’s like he’s on another planet. EXT. MT EDEN CRATER RIM — DAY 51 Theo looks up to the crest of the hill above him. A figure sits, silhouetted on the edge, facing Rangitoto. Mr Jones is barely older than when we last saw him, but he seems a shadow of his former self: beaten, the fire has died in his eyes. He stares across at the black island opposite. A warm glow of FIRELIGHT dances on his face, emanating from his hands. Theo approaches the old man from behind. A flicker of FLAME in his hands. Theo peers closer, intrigued. As Theo steps up Jones closes his hands, the fire disappears. He stuffs whatever made the fire into the pockets of his jacket. He turns to Theo, his eyes blazing with momentary interest. He looks up at Theo’s copper hair. Theo raises a hand to his hair involuntarily. The man seems to stare into him, read him, as if looking for an answer from him ... Theo turns and hurries on around the crater. As he goes the light in the old man’s eyes dies — as if he was searching for something and realised, with disappointment, it wasn’t to be found with Theo. (CONTINUED)
32) 12) dialog: (into the phone) Nothing got broken but the whole house was shaking ...
32) 17) dialog: (into the phone) Anyway, we'll tell you about it when we get home. Sorry you’re not there ...
32) 19) dialog: (into the phone) -.-. hope you’re okay. I love you. INT. AUNT & UNCLE’S KITCHEN - EVENING 54 Cliff leans in towards Ricky, so as not to be overheard.
32) 24) dialog: It’s just voicemail. She’s still holding out the phone. He sighs, takes it, then waits ... At last, she gets his drift and leaves the room. As soon as she’s gone, Theo switches off the phone and puts it aside. He picks up the book. In a sepia-toned photograph, a group of settlers picnics on the shore of Lake Pupuke. A man stands apart, looking towards the camera: MR JONES. (CONTINUED)
32) 31) dialog: (quietly to Theo) Someone's spying on us! (CONTINUED)
33) 0) text: Rangitoto — as seen from the surface of the sea: a black pyramid, filling the horizon. Uncle Cliff stands on the deck of a bobbing boat — THE SEA LADY — expertly playing and casting a large fishing rod. Ricky sits behind, wearing a lifejacket and holding his phone in the air, trying to get a signal. A snorkel surfaces from the black water in a puff of spray ... Theo follows it, coming up for air. He turns towards the mountain, treading water. Theo jerks under — — then comes up spluttering. Rachel surfaces behind him and laughs.
33) 2) dialog: Bleeding skies. She GASPS suddenly, catching a glimpse of — A FIGURE, lurking in the trees above the rocks at the water’s edge. A Wilberforce DRONE. Chilled, Rachel swims strongly to the boat and hauls herself on board. She looks back towards the island — there’s no sign of the Drone now — Suddenly, Cliff’s fishing rod SCREAMS as the reel unwinds. He grabs the handle, reels furiously. The rod bends alarmingly. He shouts — — and heaves a flapping fish over the side of the boat. The others jump back as he lowers it to the deck. (CONTINUED)
35) 0) text: Theo holds his hand over his nose and mouth as he approaches the Wilberforces’ hearse, parked under trees. Rachel scampers to catch up with him.
35) 1) dialog: It’s a hearse. Must be them — the Wilberforces. She stops, her hand going to her nose. Theo gags.
35) 3) dialog: The same as at the lake. The twins reach the hearse. The back doors are closed. Something viscous drips from them onto the ground. Theo cups his hand against the back window to peer in. His breath fogs the glass. Something coats the inside, obscuring the view. He reaches for the door handle.
35) 4) dialog: Maybe we shouldn't ... Theo pulls the doors open. It opens with a SCHLUK, like a wound being pulled open. Stringy slime clings to the edges. The twins grimace in disgust as they see — The hearse interior is warped and gnarled, crusted with glistening layers of organic matter. (CONTINUED)
35) 7) dialog: What is it? Theo reaches out to touch the fleshy interior, then jerks his hand back.
35) 8) dialog: What, is it hot?
35) 10) dialog: I wonder what they’re doing here. Rachel turns, looks out to sea: Rangitoto lurks on the horizon beyond the dark water. RACHEL (CONT’D) Theo, are they watching us? Theo stares into the depths of the car, eyes bright with interest. INT. RICKY’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 61 Theo bursts into Ricky’s dark bedroom, binoculars and a torch in his hand.
36) 3) dialog: (loud whisper) Theo? Theo breathes again as Rachel climbs the steps. Theo flicks on the torch and points it into her face. Rachel shields her eyes from the sudden glare.
36) 4) dialog: Don't go in there.
37) 0) text: Rachel appears behind Theo and they stare, open mouthed . What may have once been rooms, furniture or stairs have decayed into an open cavernous space. Everything grows with twisted organic matter — as if the house itself has formed out of gnarled scar tissue. The twins creep forward to look, taking it in with horror. Theo swings the torch slowly around. Vague remnants of wooden beams and doorways poke from the awful fleshiness. A sudden JOLT, as though someone just picked the house up and shook it — then a CLATTER as an EARTHQUAKE rolls through the house, its ancient weatherboards shifting and groaning. Dust sifts down from above. Silence. The twins look around, wide-eyed.
37) 3) dialog: Turn it off! (CONTINUED)
37) 13) dialog: (whispers) Are they gone?
37) 15) dialog: I was trying to tell you — they can smell us, just like we can smell them! Theo heads across the room, torch raised. (CONTINUED)
39) 1) dialog: Look! The twins duck down and watch as Mr Wilberforce scans the lakeshore. He holds THEO’S TORCH in his hand. The twins cringe as another hideous BARK rings out. INT. AUNT & UNCLE’S GUEST BEDROOM - NIGHT 68 The twins slip inside and lock the back door. Theo is shaking with adrenalin, Rachel wide-eyed.
39) 2) dialog: Why did you have to kick that torch?
39) 4) dialog: We're supposed to be there for each other! (CONTINUED )
39) 8) dialog: We should tell someone.
39) 10) dialog: But they're gonna kill us!
39) 12) dialog: You don’t mean that! Rachel reaches out to grasp his hand. WHISPERS reverberate around them as their fingers almost connect.
39) 15) dialog: -+. I need to know you're not gonna ... (just leave me)
39) 17) dialog: --- alone, Theo - I feel so alone! Theo pushes her away —
40) 11) dialog: Hello? Aunty Kay? Theo? She opens the door to Ricky's room and looks in. No one there. She spots the binoculars, where Theo left them the night before.
43) 0) text: Rachel peers out the window. There’s no sign of Mr Wilberforce. Rachel gasps with fear, realising she’s lost track of him BANG-BANG! Pounding on the front door. Rachel shrieks with fright.
43) 1) dialog: (shouts) Leave me alone!
43) 6) dialog: (shocked) What? (CONTINUED)
43) 11) dialog: But ... Outside the Policeman trembles. His skin twitches, bubbles, glistens ...
43) 13) dialog: Why are you doing this?
43) 15) dialog: Leave me alone!
44) 0) text: Looking up towards the surface. Mr Wilberforce is visible through the rippling water, searching for her. Rachel waits. A bubble of air escapes from her mouth —
45) 0) text: The lake laps at the reeds at the bottom of the garden. Rachel claws her way across the deck, weak and desperate. Her neck and arm are grey from Mr Wilberforce’s touch. Fingers of fleshy putrefaction trail down towards her hand. Theo runs to Rachel’s side as she slumps in the grass, Mr Jones behind him. Theo is wide eyed and pale with shock. He reaches out ... but is afraid to touch her. (CONTINUED)
45) 3) dialog: Theo ...
45) 14) dialog: (weak) How did you — ?
46) 7) dialog: (quietly) What are they?
46) 11) dialog: To your world? Jones nods.
47) 0) text: Rachel and Theo are riveted as Mr Jones’s story continues.
47) 2) dialog: When?
47) 7) dialog: The New Zealand army?
47) 12) dialog: Your twin? Jones nods.
48) 5) dialog: ‘Twin-ness’ ...
48) 20) dialog: Almost. Jones freezes, looks at Rachel. RACHEL (CONT’D) They’re almost the same. Theo’s is lighter than mine. Like it’s glowing. THE STONE does seem lighter than hers, a faint glow emanating. RACHEL (CONT’D) (to Theo) Can you see it?
50) 3) dialog: What happened to them? (CONTINUED)
51) 0) text: Rachel steps into the light and stares out across the garden towards Rangitoto.
54) 0) text: Rachel looks out towards Rangitoto, lost in thought.
54) 3) dialog: I thought I was gonna die.
54) 6) dialog: Leave me alone. Theo looks away, stung, as Rachel turns back across the water to the mountain.
56) 0) text: Rachel and Theo sit on plastic chairs in a stark interview room. Constable Green sits opposite.
56) 7) dialog: Theo, no!
56) 14) dialog: What?
56) 27) dialog: What if Mr Wilberforce comes? Theo makes a fist around his stone. Its warm, fiery glow paints the room around him.
58) 0) text: Theo lies fully clothed on the blankets of the top bunk, snoring softly. He sleeps with his stone cradled against his chest. Rachel lies awake on the bunk beneath. TAP-TAP! A soft tap at the window. Distant thunder ROLLS as Rachel gets out of bed and opens the curtains. EXT. AUNT & UNCLE’S BACK GARDEN - NIGHT 120 Mr Jones stands on the lawn outside, deep in shadow. He seems pallid, almost wraithlike now. Rachel opens the window quietly.
58) 2) dialog: (hisses) Mr Jones — wait! (CONTINUED)
59) 0) text: Mr Jones watches from the doorstep as Rachel approaches. She pauses, confused, hesitant.
60) 0) text: Theo sees the door close behind Rachel. He takes out his stone. It glows with reassuring warmth. He runs harder.
62) 0) text: Rachel follows Mr Jones into the gloom, trying to keep up, glimpsing him up ahead in the shadows.
62) 1) dialog: Mr Jones, wait!
63) 0) text: Behind him, Rachel scrambles to the top.
63) 1) dialog: Theo, quickly! A dark shape leans out of the shadows behind her — thin FINGERS wrap around her MOUTH — she’s pulled back into darkness with a muffled SHRIEK! Theo wheels around on the stairs, holding up the stone, trying to see —
63) 7) dialog: How did you do that?
63) 15) dialog: No ...
63) 21) dialog: What?
64) 0) text: Theo hits the floor. He looks up to see Rachel hanging from the hole in the floor high above, legs kicking. UPSTAIRS a fleshy WILBERFORCE TENTACLE twists around Rachel’s head and shoulder. Mr Wilberforce leans over her, his human visage sloughing off to reveal a fearsome creature beneath — Rachel looks up, SCREAMS IN FRIGHT — BELOW, Theo LEAPS, grabs for her legs, yanks — Rachel tumbles down through the hole and lands BELOW. The twins scramble to their feet and race for the open front door — From above come Wilberforce BARKS — BARKS answer from the doorway — as more WILBERFORCE DRONES come onto the porch!
64) 1) dialog: No ... They look around — no way out ... except the gnarled sinkhole in the floor.
64) 3) dialog: Oh no... The BARKS sound from above.
69) 0) text: Theo and Rachel are carried along — then dropped —
70) 2) dialog: Let’s find a way ... She turns to see what’s behind them, stunned — RACHEL (CONT’D) e+. Out ... A vast, shadowy cavern. It stretches into the distance, lit by an eerie glow. The huge space — a football field in length — is gnarled with putrescent Wilberforce growth. The twins have fallen from the tunnel onto a raised rib that cuts through a sea of slime to another tunnel opening in the far wall of the chamber. But dominating the space is a CREATURE. The kids’ mouths fall open as they take in a vast supertanker of flesh —a horrible wall of skin and scales, a writhing suggestion of mighty tentacles. A massive slug-like creature wallows in the mire. Its form rises and falls in time with the rumble of its breathing. Rachel and Theo stare, dwarfed by its scale. The beast unfolds a great tentacle and shifts its almost unimaginable bulk. Great waves of flesh seem to roll past as it turns. The chamber shakes, churning up great waves of scum. The twins recoil, falling to their feet. The beast opens a ghastly maw and expels a roar of septic air. The twins cover their noses and mouths.
70) 4) dialog: How are we supposed to fight that? Behind them the tunnel ‘swallows’ — a rush of air sucking back up into it. (CONTINUED)
72) 4) dialog: It doesn't make sense. A tunnel’s got to go somewhere. Rachel looks up — Above is the closed fist of a tunnel entrance. She stretches to push her hand up through the fleshy valve with a vile SQUELCH. She withdraws her hand and touches a fingertip to her lips.
72) 5) dialog: Salt water. Barks echo from behind them.
73) 0) text: Theo surfaces, gasping for air. Rachel treads water nearby. The churning swell is black. Behind them, the dark shape of Rangitoto looms beneath the low cloud. Nearby scattered lights stretch away around the North Shore coastline.
73) 1) dialog: Swim! They kick for shore.
74) 2) dialog: Theo ... Theo looks at the stone — not sure what it can do, but sensing what it might. He closes his fist around his stone — flames lick around his fingers.
75) 6) dialog: What do you mean?
76) 2) dialog: Are you okay? Mr Jones nods weakly. Theo looks at Rachel, worried — Rachel shrugs, helpless.
76) 7) dialog: What, the boat?
76) 10) dialog: If the Wilberforces find out what you're doing, they’11 kill you. (CONTINUED)
76) 14) dialog: Be careful, Ricky. The twins watch as Ricky heads away towards his car.
77) 4) dialog: Mr Jones?
81) 0) text: Rachel runs down a long passage, the light of Mr Jones's flame far behind her.
81) 1) dialog: Theo? Come back! Her voice echoes, met with stony silence. She stops — as far into the gloom as she dares go. RACHEL (CONT’D) I know you’re afraid. But we can do this, I know we can. She stares into the darkness, straining to see, searching for him. She closes her eyes, searching now for his mind.
81) 2) dialog: Theo, please ... Silence. At last, she opens her eyes, tears welling. RACHEL (CONT’D) (whispers) I need you. Rachel sighs, alone in the dark. She turns and trudges back up the tunnel towards the firelight. Nothing stirs in the darkness ... then a ripple of FIRE like gasoline igniting, courses out from the stone in Theo’s hand, revealing him right there, watching her go. Wordlessly, he turns and heads down the tunnel, determine and alone.
83) 0) text: Rachel steps back into the cave where she left Mr Jones. She pauses, watching him. Mr Jones looks like he’s at death’s door. His eyes are closed. His breath rattles in his chest. Rachel kneels beside him.
83) 1) dialog: Mr Jones ... He opens his eyes. RACHEL (CONT’D) He’s gone on ahead. We have to get to the boat. He leans heavily on her as they get to their feet.From deep in the tunnels, a distant BARK rings out. Rachel and Mr Jones look around, alarmed. RACHEL (CONT’D) They’ve found us. They head into the tunnels, Rachel supporting Mr Jones. EXT. AUNT & UNCLE’S HOUSE - NIGHT 157 Ricky reverses the car quietly down the driveway. He rolls to a stop in front of the SEA LADY, which sits beside the garage. (CONTINUED)
87) 0) text: Mr Jones and Rachel hurry down a long tunnel. They reach an intersection.
87) 1) dialog: Which way? Mr Jones considers ...
89) 0) text: A roar of fire lights a stone staircase, carved from the rock. Mr Jones and Rachel hurry to the shore, tripping and stumbling, Rachel struggling to support Jones's weight. They reach the rocky water’s edge. Rachel searches frantically for Theo and Ricky. (CONTINUED)
89) 3) dialog: They left us! They wheel around, their backs to the sea. DARK SHAPES seem to melt out of the cliff and fan out around Mr Jones and Rachel, advancing slowly. Jones pushes Rachel behind him clumsily as they back away. He raises shaking, gnarled fists.
89) 4) dialog: Can you stop them?
89) 6) dialog: We don’t need long. Jones looks ... and then sweeps a wall of flame in front of them. The Wilberforces rear back, shrieking. From behind the rocks Ricky roars up beside them. The Wilberforces fight to see through the flames ... To see Clementine helping Mr Jones and Rachel onto the SEA LADY as it pulls away.
89) 8) dialog: Where’s Theo? Ricky points to the mountain.
91) 0) text: Mr Jones and Rachel climb out of the boat onto the beach, then turn back to Ricky and Clementine.
91) 6) dialog: You too. She smiles, watches as Ricky motors out from the shore. Distant BARKS — Rachel and Mr Jones turn to see a FIERY GLOW lighting the sky from further up the mountain. RACHEL (CONT’D) He's fighting them.
91) 8) dialog: Y’know, maybe those other twins would’ve made it if you’d stayed. If you’d helped them instead of saving yourself. His back still to her, Jones closes his eyes, the memory painful. RACHEL (CONT’D) You can go find more twins if you want. But I don’t get a choice — I'll die before I turn my back on him. She spins and races for the trees. Her words hit Mr Jones hard. He looks surprised, then suddenly resolute:
91) 14) dialog: But you’ll ...
92) 0) text: The world ripples and shudders as a flame licks in the air ... then explodes into the shape of two figures.Mr Jones and Rachel appear at the foot of the viewing platform. Mr Jones collapses, his body wracked with shudders.
92) 1) dialog: Mr Jones! She bends down to him. Mr Jones looks up, weak.
92) 3) dialog: Theo? Mr Jones shakes his head. Rachel looks up — A dark shape looms in the moonlight: Mr Wilberforce. Mr Jones rises shakily to his feet between them. He lifts his hands. Tiny licks of fire spark at his finger tips. Wilberforce regards the old man with disdain. Mr Jones holds out Rachel’s stone. Fearful, she meets his gaze. He nods:
92) 7) dialog: (under her breath) Theo ... hurry!
94) 15) dialog: Theo ... Rachel’s seemingly lifeless eyes are fixed upon him.
94) 16) dialog: I’m here. I always have been. (CONTINUED)
98) 0) text: The viewing platform shakes violently as Theo and Rachel stumble back towards the crater rim. They look to each other, breathless, stunned. They allow themselves to share a smile ... then:
98) 4) dialog: So what do we ...
99) 3) dialog: Ricky!
99) 9) dialog: Let’s go home. Beyond, Ricky fires up the boat’s engine.