17) 3) dialog: Sorry. A CELL PHONE RINGS. RICKY bolts upright, bangs his head, grimaces. Ricky is 18, almost cool, but not quite old enough to pull it off. CLEMENTINE, the same age, is the kind of girl guys like Ricky get only in their dreams. We see now that the car is parked under trees — a secluded park. (CONTINUED)
17) 7) dialog: Oh man! What’s the time? Clementine sighs and switches off the music.
18) 0) text: The Datsun pulls up at the dropping zone, Ricky alone at the wheel. The twins sit on their luggage at the kerb. Ricky leans across the passenger seat and opens the door.
18) 1) dialog: Sorry I'ma bit late. Theo eyes the crappy car dubiously.
18) 3) dialog: Catch the bus if you want, I don’t care. The twins pile into the car.
18) 8) dialog: That’s good, right? Rachel rolls her eyes.
18) 9) dialog: So your Dad ... he’s okay, right?
19) 0) text: We crane up as Ricky’s car crosses the harbour bridge. The spectacular collision of cosmopolitan city and Auckland's volcanic field is revealed: green cones rise beyond city buildings. Looming over everything, the dark triangle of Rangitoto Island stands guardian to the harbour.
20) 0) text: Facing Rangitoto is the clutter of Takapuna’s apartment buildings and malls. Beside it we find LAKE PUPUKE, a large body of water in the middle of a verdant suburb. EXT. AUNT & UNCLE’S HOUSE - DAY 26 Ricky’s car pulls up at a modernist mansion that steps down toward the lake. Rachel and Theo gape at the conspicuous opulence of the house. (CONTINUED)
20) 8) dialog: (heading inside) Yeah — if you wanna live in a concrete bunker.
20) 10) dialog: Whatever. Ricky makes a face behind Cliff's back. The twins laugh. INT. AUNT & UNCLE’S GUEST BEDROOM - DAY 27 Kay leads Rachel into a spacious guest room with bunk beds. The curtains are drawn.
20) 32) dialog: They’re under the house, round the back.
20) 35) dialog: (glares) Clementine. Theo looks around for something ... turns to see Rachel holding out the sauce bottle with a half-smile. He snatches it and pours sauce onto his plate.
20) 38) dialog: They're freaks, eh.
20) 40) dialog: I've seen him sitting out there by the lake at, like, two o’clock in the morning and stuff.
20) 42) dialog: You’d know.
20) 44) dialog: It used to be a funeral home.
20) 49) dialog: For real! Crazy old guy still drives the hearse.
20) 58) dialog: That’s gotta be a 3.5, a four even!
20) 63) dialog: I can’t. (beat) I’m supposed to drive my cousins around. (beat) I know ... I do want to, I promise. Rachel steps away from the door and heads towards the guest bedroom. INT. AUNT & UNCLE’S GUEST BEDROOM - NIGHT 32 Theo lies awake in the top bunk. Rachel enters in her pyjamas, closes the door behind her.
29) 0) text: Rachel shrinks, chilled. She looks around the lawn, suddenly feeling vulnerable. INT. AUNT & UNCLE’S LIVING ROOM - DAY 46 In the living room, Theo turns to the next page. More images — another volcano — a grassy cone with a view out over the city ... 47 48 49 UNDER THE MOUNTAIN © 2008 Redhead Films 19. EXT/INT. MT EDEN ROAD/RICKY’S CAR - DAY 47 Ricky’s car drives through the centre of Mt Eden, towards the grassy cone of the volcano towering above. A sign reads MT EDEN SUMMIT. Ricky’s car follows the road up towards Mt Eden. Ricky drives, the twins crammed into the car with him. Craggy trees line the road like a tunnel of gnarled talons, sunlight filtering through in eerie shafts. Rachel’s eyes widen — A DARK FIGURE can be glimpsed between the trunks, still as a statue, as if watching the car. Rachel looks back — the figure is gone, hidden by the trees.
30) 0) text: A huge grassed bowl — the crater of this not-long-dead volcano. Rachel, Theo and Ricky stand on the platform, dwarfed by the scale of it. Beyond, over city and water, is Rangitoto.
30) 1) dialog: (pointing) That’s One Tree Hill ... Mt Krakatoa over there ... Mt Vesuvius ... Mt Etna. That’s
32) 0) text: Rachel looks out across the city. Ricky leans on the fence, texting. Beyond, Theo strides around the crater rim. Ricky looks up from his phone, watches Theo.
32) 1) dialog: Is he okay?
32) 5) dialog: Cause I’ve got things to do.
32) 7) dialog: Better things.
32) 9) dialog: I don’t get why I have to babysit them. They're not kids —
32) 11) dialog: Why’d you put them in bunks then? INT. AUNT & UNCLE’S LIVING ROOM - EVENING 53 Theo reads, the volcano book open on his lap. Rachel talks on the phone, trying to shield the mouthpiece from the argument in the kitchen.
32) 18) dialog: What are you, my English teacher?
32) 22) dialog: Like I need reminding. INT. AUNT & UNCLE’S LIVING ROOM - EVENING 55 Ricky stomps past as Rachel holds the phone out to Theo.
32) 28) dialog: Nope.
32) 30) dialog: Why is everything my fault? It’s outside their room, anyway. The trail of footprints does indeed lead towards Rachel and Theo’s window. Rachel and Theo follow the trail to below their window.
33) 0) text: Rangitoto — as seen from the surface of the sea: a black pyramid, filling the horizon. Uncle Cliff stands on the deck of a bobbing boat — THE SEA LADY — expertly playing and casting a large fishing rod. Ricky sits behind, wearing a lifejacket and holding his phone in the air, trying to get a signal. A snorkel surfaces from the black water in a puff of spray ... Theo follows it, coming up for air. He turns towards the mountain, treading water. Theo jerks under — — then comes up spluttering. Rachel surfaces behind him and laughs.
34) 0) text: The glassy-eyed fish hits a sheet of newspaper laid out on the asphalt. A concrete boat ramp leads down to a sandy North Shore beach. Ricky and Uncle Cliff hook the boat trailer onto the car. Theo wrinkles his nose and looks around ... frowns as something further around the road catches his eye.
35) 11) dialog: Theo! Theo goes to the window.
35) 16) dialog: Clem, wait ... She pushes past Theo and goes to the window. She pushes it open and turns back.
35) 19) dialog: Thanks a lot, Theo.
35) 21) dialog: No! Theo watches him for a minute ... Ricky plays dead. Theo goes back to the window, training the binoculars on the Wilberforce house.
35) 23) dialog: (muffled under covers) It's just a creepy old house.
35) 25) dialog: No way!
35) 27) dialog: Cause it’s a creepy old house! (CONTINUED)
35) 30) dialog: Don’t blame me if Mr Wilberforce keeps a shotgun under his bed or something. He slams the door shut. Theo turns on the torch and heads around the lakeshore towards the Wilberforce house.
40) 6) dialog: Wha — ?
40) 8) dialog: Get lost, Theo.
40) 10) dialog: I wasn’t doing anything. Thanks to you. (beat) What do you want, anyway? EXT. AUNT & UNCLE’S HOUSE - DAY 75 Ricky’s car — with Ricky and Theo inside — whines up the drive. INT. AUNT & UNCLE’S HOUSE - DAY 76 The living room — empty. The kitchen, hall, stairs — empty. Rachel pads out of her room, zipping up a baggy hoodie.
41) 0) text: From the crater of Mt Eden, we look across Auckland towards Rangitoto as grey clouds roll over the city. In the car park, Ricky is asleep in his car. Theo heads around the crater towards the bench where Mr Jones was sitting. He carries the volcano book. 78 79 80 UNDER THE MOUNTAIN © 2008 Redhead Films 35.
42) 8) dialog: Hey get outta my car, old man! Theo climbs in after him.
42) 10) dialog: Well, he’s not with me!
42) 13) dialog: Half an hour ago all you wanted to do was get outta there.
42) 15) dialog: Hey! Who the hell are you, anyway? Mr Jones glares at him.
43) 25) dialog: What is it?
45) 4) dialog: Oh, man ... Mr Jones looks over toward the Wilberforces’ house.
45) 6) dialog: I'll call an ambulance.
45) 8) dialog: So what are you, a doctor now? Ricky steps towards Mr Jones, but Theo stops him.
45) 10) dialog: Theo, this is ... this is crazy. The room fills with a warm firelight. The light emanates from the palm of Mr Jones’s hand. It spreads up Rachel’s arm — where it begins to warm the grey of Mr Wilberforce’s touch. Ricky’s mouth falls open.
45) 11) dialog: Or maybe it’s just me. Mr Jones's brow furrows. He grips Rachel’s arm tightly. The fire whispers around her neck then flickers, weakening. The wound on Rachel’s skin pales, fades ... the flesh KNOTTING into a bloom of SCAR TISSUE. (CONTINUED)
45) 20) dialog: Hey, what the hell?
45) 22) dialog: Some dodgy old man — no offense — wants to have a group hug and —
45) 26) dialog: I promised I'd look after you.
45) 28) dialog: I’m in charge and you guys aren’t going anywhere! Mr Jones closes his eyes, his brow furrowed with the depth of his concentration. A brilliant ball of fire seems to well up inside him, its glare eclipsing both he and the twins. A WHUMP like a small sonic boom as air rushes into the space where Mr Jones and the twins were standing. Ricky stares, open-mouthed.
56) 22) dialog: Dad, I saw it — Rachel was —
56) 24) dialog: You know what? Sometimes you have no idea! Ricky snatches back his cellphone and stomps off towards his bedroom, slamming the door behind him.
71) 0) text: Ricky’s car is parked at the edge of the promenade. Nearby, in the shelter of a huge, gnarled pohutukawa tree, Ricky and Clementine are wrapped in a blanket.
71) 1) dialog: Listen ... some stuff’s been going on ... really crazy stuff.
71) 3) dialog: What if I said ... uh...
71) 5) dialog: What if I said the world was gonna end? Maybe real soon. She stares. At last, she smiles ...
71) 7) dialog: Maybe ... tonight?
71) 10) dialog: What? Clementine points with a trembling finger — (CONTINUED )
71) 15) dialog: The twins are in bed — and you’re supposed to be in jail! Mr Jones points down the beach.
71) 17) dialog: (low voice) Gimme ten minutes?
71) 19) dialog: (meekly) Five? Jones stares coldly. Ricky sighs and turns back to Clementine.
71) 21) dialog: I have to go. (grins) But then I’m gonna come back. Ricky sweeps Clementine into a theatrical kiss, as though it might be their last.
74) 7) dialog: Rachel! Theo! Mr Jones and Ricky are at the car, at the edge of the beach. Rachel and Theo run towards it. The Wilberforces rise slowly. Tentacles wrap back around each other, weaving sinew and muscle into human form. The twins jump into the car as Ricky pulls away. Mr Wilberforce steps up, reconstituted, steam rising off his body. The Drones join him in watching Ricky’s car disappear into the distance. Mr Wilberforce’s tone is impassive, but his eyes glitter with contained rage.
75) 0) text: Ricky lets out a shaky sigh of relief. Theo grins at Mr Jones, his eyes wild.
76) 0) text: Headlights wash over a sign: NORTH HEAD SUMMIT ROAD. Ricky’s car drives towards the summit of North Head, a craggy promontory at the end of a wide spit of land.Just across the harbour, Rangitoto seems frighteningly close. 145 UNDER THE MOUNTAIN © 2008 Redhead Films 73.
76) 4) dialog: Can’t you just ... flame on? Mr Jones is slumped, pale and exhausted — a shadow of his former self.
76) 6) dialog: Meet me in an hour. Down there. He points through the hole — Below, swell breaks on a rocky shore at the foot of the mountain.
76) 9) dialog: Like I’m gonna ask.
76) 13) dialog: Reckon I’m more scared of Dad. The twins rush to Ricky and hug him tight. He hugs them back.
82) 0) text: Ricky waits anxiously in his car. The passenger door opens, Clementine peers in.
82) 1) dialog: I need your help. There’s no one else I can trust. She considers, eyebrows raised ... (CONTINUED )
84) 0) text: The car reaches the top of the driveway. Ricky looks back, checking the boat — Clementine yelps in fright! Uncle Cliff, fully dressed, stands in front of the car. Ricky slams on the brakes and slumps against the wheel.
84) 2) dialog: Would you believe night fishing?
84) 4) dialog: Dad, I know this doesn’t look good. But this time I’m asking you just to —
84) 6) dialog: Dad, you’re just gonna have to trust me: if I say I’ve gotta do something important, it’s important. Ricky meets his father’s gaze, eyes blazing with assertiveness. And is taken aback by what he sees. Uncle Cliff trembles, eyes twitching. Slime glistens at his jowls.
84) 7) dialog: Dad? (CONTINUED)
84) 14) text: 159 160 161 UNDER THE MOUNTAIN © 2008 Redhead Films 81. INT/EXT. RICKY’S CAR/TAKAPUNA STREETS - NIGHT 158B Ricky and Clementine look back to see the Drone, still part-man, part-Wilberforce, leap across the bonnet of the hearse and into the passenger window, as the hearse continues the chase, further back now.
85) 0) text: The car roars down the boat ramp. Ricky tries to reverse the trailer into the water, going the wrong way, correcting, at last getting it right. Ricky and Clementine scramble out. The ominous clatter of the approaching hearse ... lights on the horizon ... The SEA LADY slips free of the trailer. Ricky clambers aboard, pulling Clementine up after him — A sudden ROAR — Ricky and Clementine look up — The hearse speeds off the boat ramp and soars overhead, crashing into the water. Bubbles on the surface ... dark shapes surface near the hearse and begin to give chase. Ricky tries to start the boat as the Wilberforces approach. It coughs once — twice — and catches! The boat motors away from the boat ramp, leaving the Drones behind.
86) 4) dialog: (yells above the noise) You're gonna have to — CRASH! A wave smashes against the rocks. The Sea Lady is driven perilously close... then pulled back again.
86) 6) dialog: Jump! Theo times it — the boat rises on a swell — he jumps, landing awkwardly. Clementine catches him.
86) 7) dialog: Where are the others?
86) 9) dialog: What?
88) 1) dialog: We'll wait for you. Theo nods, too adrenalised to speak. He turns and runs up the beach to the tree-line. Ricky looks anxiously back towards the city. Across the water, a burst of fire glows on North Head. Ricky frowns ...
89) 0) text: A roar of fire lights a stone staircase, carved from the rock. Mr Jones and Rachel hurry to the shore, tripping and stumbling, Rachel struggling to support Jones's weight. They reach the rocky water’s edge. Rachel searches frantically for Theo and Ricky. (CONTINUED)
89) 9) dialog: Up there. All four look ahead to the looming island, their faces grim... 166 167 UNDER THE MOUNTAIN © 2008 Redhead Films 85.
91) 0) text: Mr Jones and Rachel climb out of the boat onto the beach, then turn back to Ricky and Clementine.
91) 1) dialog: We won’t go far. Rachel and Mr Jones turn to go — (CONTINUED)
91) 4) dialog: Rach? She turns back.
91) 5) dialog: Be careful.
95) 0) text: The boat bobs, seemingly empty ... Ricky and Clementine 1 appear from below deck, eyes wide in terror and wonder.
97) 0) text: Ricky and Clementine are bathed in a scarlet glow. Across the harbour scarlet fire rises from the six volcanoes, turning the sky above downtown Auckland red.
99) 0) text: Ricky cuts the engine and leaps into the ankle-deep water, Clementine follows. They run up the beach. Ricky looks up at the dark hill above, capped by its blood red glow.
99) 1) dialog: I’ve gotta go up there! He takes Clementine by both arms, looks into her face as he collects himself: brave, responsible.
99) 2) dialog: I’ve gotta go up there. As she nods, Theo and Rachel burst out of the trees a little way behind them.
99) 5) dialog: So! That went off quite well. All of them, really. Yeah — nice work. I was on my way up there, eh ... (CONTINUED)
100) 2) dialog: Reckon I can get the boat back before Dad notices it’s gone? You guys are gonna help me, right? Right?