3) 2) dialog: No. As he gets to the top, his foot slips on the wire. Instinctively, he throws out a hand, Rachel meets it with her own, steadying him on the fence. The pair are about 14 and have the same COPPER HAIR and green eyes: they’re unmistakably TWINS. They both jump down. Rachel grabs Theo’s bag and runs off, Theo in pursuit. They run together up the road — matched for speed, Rachel just ahead.
4) 0) text: At a wide gate they cross the road. Rachel swings the bag around, flinging it under a hedge. She starts down the long driveway as Theo runs for his bag.
4) 1) dialog: (laughs) You are so gonna die for that! She rounds a curve in the drive and stops in her tracks —
6) 0) text: Theo can also hear her. His own INNER VOICE joins hers, their words overlapping:
6) 1) dialog: — a police car. Rachel, where’s mum’s car —
7) 0) text: Theo’s voice rings in Rachel’s head. Their thoughts have become one, a fluid sharing of words and feelings:
7) 2) dialog: — there’s been an accident —
8) 0) text: Theo, alone on the road, shares her sudden alarm.
8) 2) dialog: — there’s nothing to be scared of —
10) 0) text: Theo drops his bag and runs up the drive.
12) 0) text: Theo stops in his tracks, trembling as Rachel is — FEELING WHAT SHE'S FEELING. Theo approaches the house with trepidation. He climbs the porch, pulls open the door.
13) 0) text: Theo heads down the hallway, fearful ... IN THE KITCHEN, Rachel looks up — face wracked with grief. In the hall, Theo reels back against the wall, feeling her pain, frozen — IN THE KITCHEN, Rachel looks towards the door that separates them.
15) 0) text: The train clatters and rattles. Theo peers out at the passing suburbs.
15) 5) dialog: Get off! Theo looks outside again, frowns — Outside, pushing up out of the houses and roads is a GREEN VOLCANIC CONE. Up ahead, another cone.
16) 0) text: A train pulls into the station. Rachel and Theo walk past, Rachel struggling with her bag, Theo pushing on ahead.
17) 0) text: Volcanic steam clouds the air — a fountain outside the station. Through the haze, we see Theo step out of the station, looking around. Rachel appears behind him, dragging her bag.
18) 2) dialog: We’re not gonna get far in this thing.
18) 11) dialog: He’s having a total meltdown.
18) 13) dialog: It’s true.
20) 0) text: Facing Rangitoto is the clutter of Takapuna’s apartment buildings and malls. Beside it we find LAKE PUPUKE, a large body of water in the middle of a verdant suburb. EXT. AUNT & UNCLE’S HOUSE - DAY 26 Ricky’s car pulls up at a modernist mansion that steps down toward the lake. Rachel and Theo gape at the conspicuous opulence of the house. (CONTINUED)
20) 6) dialog: Cliff.
20) 18) dialog: Are they dangerous?
20) 20) dialog: I wanna go check them out.
20) 22) dialog: The lake?
20) 25) dialog: I dunno.
20) 27) dialog: I can’t smell anything. He turns and walks up the lawn. Rachel watches him go, frustrated. She steps out to the edge of the water and looks out at the old house. Spooky place. INT. AUNT & UNCLE’S LIVING ROOM - DUSK 30 An open package of fish and chips hits the floor. Uncle Cliff grabs a handful of chips and collapses onto the couch in between Theo and Ricky, who protest noisily.
20) 36) dialog: What’s up with that old house?
20) 52) dialog: I bet the house is full of corpses. He probably does autopsies and taxidermy and stuff ... Rachel goes pale at talk of funeral parlours and bodies.
20) 54) dialog: He might embalm you if he catches you —
20) 59) dialog: That was awesome! Kay looks at Cliff, worried.
21) 0) text: The sinister shape of the Wilberforce house across the lake. INT. AUNT & UNCLE’S GUEST BEDROOM - NIGHT 34 Rachel peers through the murk at the eerie house. From his bed, Theo watches Rachel.
22) 0) text: The tall figure of a MAN stands in the shadows under the rusting verandah. He seems to be looking back at Rachel. INT. AUNT & UNCLE’S GUEST BEDROOM - NIGHT 34B Rachel stares back, a little spooked. INT. AUNT & UNCLE’S HOUSE/KITCHEN - MORNING 35 A note on the bench reads GONE TO WORK - EAT REAL FOOD! A large kitchen with expensive fittings. A small TV, switched on, the sound muted. On the bench is a selection of cereal boxes. Theo scans them, trying to decide. MOMENTS LATER: Theo serves himself a bowl of ice cream and starts eating. On TV, a smiling TV NEWS READER talks against a backdrop image of CENTRAL AUCKLAND and the heading Auckland Shaken. Theo grabs the REMOTE and switches on the sound —
22) 5) dialog: (to himself) Bleeding skies. Theo sits in a soft couch with his back to the lake. He’s reading a hardback book — VOLCANOES OF AUCKLAND, circa the 1980s. He flips through the pages. A MAP OF AUCKLAND shows the VOLCANOES marked in red. EXT. AUNT & UNCLE’S HOUSE - DAY 37 Rachel, in a bright life jacket, drags a kayak down the grass to the water’s edge. She climbs in and pushes off.
23) 0) text: Rachel cuts across the black water, paddling carefully but confidently. She peers down into the darkness, spooked — it’s deep down there. Rachel looks up to find she’s nearing the Wilberforce house. Dead trees frame the house, skeletal fingers reaching out across the water. Seen from the lake through leafless branches and tangled vines, the Wilberforce house is dark and tumbledown, weatherboards thick with moss, roof rotten and sunken-in, windows dark. No signs of life. CREEAAK! The back door opens, just a crack. Something moves in the darkness beyond. Rachel's eyes widen ... then she squeals as a branch snags her hair. INT. AUNT & UNCLE’S LIVING ROOM - DAY 39 Theo jerks, reaches to his head. He looks out to where Rachel and the kayak bob in the shadow of the dead trees.
29) 0) text: Rachel shrinks, chilled. She looks around the lawn, suddenly feeling vulnerable. INT. AUNT & UNCLE’S LIVING ROOM - DAY 46 In the living room, Theo turns to the next page. More images — another volcano — a grassy cone with a view out over the city ... 47 48 49 UNDER THE MOUNTAIN © 2008 Redhead Films 19. EXT/INT. MT EDEN ROAD/RICKY’S CAR - DAY 47 Ricky’s car drives through the centre of Mt Eden, towards the grassy cone of the volcano towering above. A sign reads MT EDEN SUMMIT. Ricky’s car follows the road up towards Mt Eden. Ricky drives, the twins crammed into the car with him. Craggy trees line the road like a tunnel of gnarled talons, sunlight filtering through in eerie shafts. Rachel’s eyes widen — A DARK FIGURE can be glimpsed between the trunks, still as a statue, as if watching the car. Rachel looks back — the figure is gone, hidden by the trees.
30) 0) text: A huge grassed bowl — the crater of this not-long-dead volcano. Rachel, Theo and Ricky stand on the platform, dwarfed by the scale of it. Beyond, over city and water, is Rangitoto.
30) 4) dialog: I’m gonna find some volcanic rock. Theo jumps down off the stone wall and heads around the crater.
31) 0) text: Theo marches around the edge, putting all his being into walking hard, making himself feel nothing else. A cold wind whips at him, the sky is grey. (CONTINUED)
32) 0) text: Rachel looks out across the city. Ricky leans on the fence, texting. Beyond, Theo strides around the crater rim. Ricky looks up from his phone, watches Theo.
32) 23) dialog: (without looking up) I‘m reading.
32) 34) dialog: Yeah! She meets his gaze, spooked ... then turns to look back across at the Wilberforce house.
33) 0) text: Rangitoto — as seen from the surface of the sea: a black pyramid, filling the horizon. Uncle Cliff stands on the deck of a bobbing boat — THE SEA LADY — expertly playing and casting a large fishing rod. Ricky sits behind, wearing a lifejacket and holding his phone in the air, trying to get a signal. A snorkel surfaces from the black water in a puff of spray ... Theo follows it, coming up for air. He turns towards the mountain, treading water. Theo jerks under — — then comes up spluttering. Rachel surfaces behind him and laughs.
33) 1) dialog: Dick. Theo swims back towards the boat. Rachel looks up at the looming black peak and frowns, as though remembering something once said to her ...
34) 0) text: The glassy-eyed fish hits a sheet of newspaper laid out on the asphalt. A concrete boat ramp leads down to a sandy North Shore beach. Ricky and Uncle Cliff hook the boat trailer onto the car. Theo wrinkles his nose and looks around ... frowns as something further around the road catches his eye.
35) 0) text: Theo holds his hand over his nose and mouth as he approaches the Wilberforces’ hearse, parked under trees. Rachel scampers to catch up with him.
35) 2) dialog: It stinks!
35) 9) dialog: It's cold!
35) 12) dialog: Keep the light off, that’s good. He peers through the binoculars. There is a thump and rustle from behind him. Theo lowers the binoculars and turns around. Ricky glowers at Theo as Clementine, sitting on the edge of the bed, pulls her T-shirt on over her bra. Theo stares, open mouthed. Clementine glares back at him.
35) 18) dialog: Whoa!
35) 20) dialog: Is she your girlfriend? Have you ... Ricky collapses on his bed, pulls his pillow over his head and MOANS!
35) 22) dialog: You think they’re home?
35) 24) dialog: Then let’s go check it out.
35) 26) dialog: Why not? Ricky wrenches his pillow from his face.
36) 0) text: The torch beam picks out the craggy trees — pale claws of wood dance in the darkness. Theo picks his way through skeletal bushes. His torch picks out an OLD SIGN, lying tangled in dead creepers and branches. Theo clears them away to reveal the faded words beneath: WILBERFORCE FUNERAL SERVICES. He clicks off the light and watches, breathing quietly. The house is silent, the door closed. Slipping from his hiding place, Theo darts up the bare ground to the house. He tries to peer through the boards on the windows, then steps up on the porch — wooden boards creak. The front door seems to be locked. Theo pushes on it, experimentally — it opens a crack — FOOTSTEPS crunch toward him from the darkness. He plasters himself against the wall — pinned, exposed — (CONTINUED)
36) 5) dialog: I can do what I want. He turns off the torch and heads back into the house.
37) 0) text: Rachel appears behind Theo and they stare, open mouthed . What may have once been rooms, furniture or stairs have decayed into an open cavernous space. Everything grows with twisted organic matter — as if the house itself has formed out of gnarled scar tissue. The twins creep forward to look, taking it in with horror. Theo swings the torch slowly around. Vague remnants of wooden beams and doorways poke from the awful fleshiness. A sudden JOLT, as though someone just picked the house up and shook it — then a CLATTER as an EARTHQUAKE rolls through the house, its ancient weatherboards shifting and groaning. Dust sifts down from above. Silence. The twins look around, wide-eyed.
37) 14) dialog: Yeah — down that hole.
39) 3) dialog: No one asked you to come.
39) 7) dialog: Says who — Dad?
39) 9) dialog: Not till we know what's going on.
39) 11) dialog: (shrugs) So?
39) 13) dialog: Get off! He tries to pull away, but she grabs his hand tightly. Whispers swirl as Rachel’s voice resonates in Theo’s mind:
39) 14) dialog: Get the hell out of my ... (head)
39) 16) dialog: ++. just leave me ... (alone)
39) 18) dialog: We are alone. Get used to it. He stalks away. Slumped against the wall, Rachel quakes. In the dark ... alone. 69 70 71 72 73 74 UNDER THE MOUNTAIN © 2008 Redhead Films 33. INT. AUNT & UNCLE’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 69 On the couch, Theo has made up a bed with blankets and a pillow. He looks at the pages of the volcano book. He turns to the page with the photo of Lake Pupuke, with its tiny image of Mr Jones —
40) 0) text: Approaching Mr Jones from behind to see the fire glowing in his hands — The old man searches Theo’s face — INT. AUNT & UNCLE’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 71 Theo looks up from the volcano book, his eyes wide as he realises:
40) 1) dialog: The fire-raiser. INT. AUNT & UNCLE’S GUEST BEDROOM - NIGHT 72 Rachel crawls into the darkest corner of the bottom bunk and draws the covers up around her. She stares, wide eyed, into the darkness. EXT. AUNT & UNCLE’S HOUSE - DAY 73 Morning. The house by the lake. Its cold, hard surfaces reflect the morning light and the shimmering water. A new sign blocking the path to the back garden reads PRIVATE
40) 3) dialog: Get up. Ricky grunts ... stirs. (CONTINUED)
40) 7) dialog: I need a favour.
40) 9) dialog: What would your old man say if he knew what you were doing in here last night? Ricky opens his eyes.
41) 0) text: From the crater of Mt Eden, we look across Auckland towards Rangitoto as grey clouds roll over the city. In the car park, Ricky is asleep in his car. Theo heads around the crater towards the bench where Mr Jones was sitting. He carries the volcano book. 78 79 80 UNDER THE MOUNTAIN © 2008 Redhead Films 35.
41) 4) dialog: That's you, right?
41) 6) dialog: You're the fire-raiser. Mr Jones frowns, surprised.
41) 8) dialog: But they call you that. The Wilberforces. Mr Jones hands Theo back the book.
41) 10) dialog: Wait — they said they’d kill us — me and my sister. Jones stops in his tracks, suddenly interested — almost wolfish.
41) 14) dialog: They could smell us. Jones looks around, as if suddenly paranoid. Theo follows his gaze. A GANGLY FIGURE stands silhouetted on the far side of the crater rim, watching them.
41) 15) dialog: What is it? CLOSE ON: the figure, thin and somehow disjointed- looking, dark eyes under craggy features — a WILBERFORCE, watching Theo and Mr Jones, eyes glittering with malice —
42) 2) dialog: What’s wrong?
42) 4) dialog: Our Aunt and Uncle’s place — the lake. Mr Jones takes Theo’s shoulders, alarmed.
42) 9) dialog: It’s okay, he’s with me.
42) 12) dialog: We have to go home.
42) 16) dialog: Now, Ricky! Theo’s expression is deadly urgent. Ricky thinks about it a moment longer — then starts the car. INT. AUNT AND UNCLE’S GUEST BEDROOM - DAY 83B Rachel watches the Wilberforce house through the binoculars. Nothing to see — then movement catches her eye — Rachel gasps as her binoculars find Mr Wilberforce stepping out of the shadows onto the porch of his house. He looks straight at her! She ducks back from the window. 84 85 86 UNDER THE MOUNTAIN © 2008 Redhead Films 38. INT. AUNT & UNCLE’S HOUSE - DAY 84 Rachel runs down the stairs. She locks the front door, slides the chain across. She looks around, the house suddenly terrifyingly exposed: windows everywhere. Rachel pulls curtains across frantically. She gets to the kitchen and checks that the door is locked. She ducks, panting, against the wall.
43) 26) dialog: She’s hurt! In the back seat, Mr Jones watches Theo — his eyes blazing with interest. INT. AUNT & UNCLE’S HOUSE/MEZZANINE - DAY 88B Dangling high above the floor like a fish on a line, Rachel twists around and unzips the hoodie and slips out of Mr Wilberforce's clutches, dropping — hard — onto the couch below. Rachel rights herself, stunned, and stumbles to the kitchen. EXT. AUNT & UNCLE’S BACK GARDEN - DAY 89 Rachel staggers away from the house towards the lake shore, her arm hanging limp, the skin blistered. She looks into the water. Her terrified reflection stares back from the surface. She looks back to see Mr Wilberforce striding down the garden toward her ... then throws herself into the water. Mr Wilberforce reaches the edge. The surface of the lake churns. There’s no sign of her.
44) 5) dialog: No ... Ricky and Mr Jones follow as Theo dashes into the house.
44) 6) dialog: (calls) Rach?
45) 0) text: The lake laps at the reeds at the bottom of the garden. Rachel claws her way across the deck, weak and desperate. Her neck and arm are grey from Mr Wilberforce’s touch. Fingers of fleshy putrefaction trail down towards her hand. Theo runs to Rachel’s side as she slumps in the grass, Mr Jones behind him. Theo is wide eyed and pale with shock. He reaches out ... but is afraid to touch her. (CONTINUED)
45) 9) dialog: No, wait — Mr Jones examines Rachel's arm.
45) 16) dialog: Why are they doing this to us?
45) 18) dialog: (to Ricky) Can you drive us?
45) 21) dialog: It's okay, Ricky.
45) 23) dialog: Cover for us, okay? (CONTINUED)
45) 27) dialog: You are — if we stay here we're dead.
46) 1) dialog: How did you do that? Mr Jones seems to have aged ten years in the few seconds since they left the house.
46) 5) dialog: Tell us everything. Mr Jones stares into space, as if deciding where to start.
46) 9) dialog: “Gargantua?”
46) 15) dialog: The volcanoes.
47) 0) text: Rachel and Theo are riveted as Mr Jones’s story continues.
47) 4) dialog: Then let’s ... call the army! (CONTINUED)
47) 8) dialog: Okay ... America! They could find the Wilberforces and nuke them! Or — Mr Jones shakes his head. He holds out his hands and reveals two round, flat STONES.
47) 10) dialog: Rocks?
48) 9) dialog: I can see them.
48) 11) dialog: They’re ... a couple of rocks. Jones stares at Theo, willing him to say more. Theo doesn’t know what’s expected of him.
48) 12) dialog: You know, rocks? Stones? Pebbles? Jones sighs.
48) 13) dialog: Give us a clue? (CONTINUED)
48) 17) dialog: What about everything you said?
48) 19) dialog: Because we can’t ‘see’ your stupid stones? There they are, they’re exactly the same!
48) 21) dialog: (surprised) Yeah.
48) 23) dialog: It’s heavy. Warm. Theo stares into his stone. The whispers grow louder, Ripples of fire shimmer across its surface.
50) 0) text: Theo blinks the vision away. Mr Jones regards him expectantly.
50) 1) dialog: I saw other twins.
53) 0) text: Theo looks frightened now as Mr Jones continues:
54) 1) dialog: Rach ... Theo stands in the doorway.
54) 2) dialog: I'm sorry I left this morning. I should've been there when ... you know.
54) 4) dialog: I won’t ever let that happen! He reaches for her.
54) 5) dialog: I can take care of you. I can be strong enough for both of us. Rachel pulls away.
56) 0) text: Rachel and Theo sit on plastic chairs in a stark interview room. Constable Green sits opposite.
56) 2) dialog: They’re going to destroy the world, and we're the only ones who can stop them!
56) 6) dialog: He gave us these stones — they’re weapons, they can —
56) 14) dialog: What?
56) 16) dialog: But we have to stay! Uncle Cliff -
56) 21) dialog: He wasn’t a stranger!
56) 26) dialog: As soon as they’re asleep I’m going to find Mr Jones.
56) 28) dialog: Then I’1l1 deal to him. UNDER THE MOUNTAIN © 2008 Redhead Films 57.
58) 0) text: Theo lies fully clothed on the blankets of the top bunk, snoring softly. He sleeps with his stone cradled against his chest. Rachel lies awake on the bunk beneath. TAP-TAP! A soft tap at the window. Distant thunder ROLLS as Rachel gets out of bed and opens the curtains. EXT. AUNT & UNCLE’S BACK GARDEN - NIGHT 120 Mr Jones stands on the lawn outside, deep in shadow. He seems pallid, almost wraithlike now. Rachel opens the window quietly.
60) 0) text: Theo sees the door close behind Rachel. He takes out his stone. It glows with reassuring warmth. He runs harder.
62) 2) dialog: Rach! Rachel turns to see Theo standing in the doorway. From behind them, a SLITHERING SOUND — she turns back — Mr Jones is gone. In his place, MR WILBERFORCE snarls! Theo takes his glowing stone out of his pocket and holds it aloft. Whispers swirl urgently. The stone's fiery light casts flickering shadows around the room. (CONTINUED)
63) 2) dialog: Rachel! He races up the last few steps. Upstairs, the ruined house is less decayed — though patches of the Wilberforces’ fleshy rot seep up the walls into the faded wallpaper. BELOW, Mr Wilberforce lets out a clattering BARK as he climbs the stairs. Ahead of Theo, a DRONE holds the struggling Rachel.
63) 3) dialog: Let her go! (CONTINUED)
63) 6) dialog: I said ... LET HER GO! A burst of FLAME encircles his hand, spitting from the stone! Theo’s eyes widen in surprise. The Drone SQUEALS and drops Rachel, backing into a dark room. Theo rushes to her and helps her up.
63) 8) dialog: I don’t know. The twins run down the hallway, to a closed door ahead. Theo turns the handle — it’s locked! Mr Wilberforce reaches the top of the stairs and advances down the hallway, his tall frame filling the passage. Though he still looks human, his skin and clothes seem to run with slime and ichor — his form breaking down. He breathes wetly and steps forward. Theo holds up his glowing stone.
63) 9) dialog: Stop!
63) 11) dialog: Cause we’re not gonna let you have our planet! They back away down the hall as Wilberforce advances, trailing slime. His form seems to be losing cohesion, his proportions exaggerated by the shifting shadows. The Drone stands behind him ... joined now by a SECOND DRONE, reaching the top of the stairs. In the shifting shadows, the cramped hallway seems crowded with ghastly Wilberforces. Mr Wilberforce’s arms seem distended ... his hands, the sleeves of his jacket, split into tentacles that writhe and flick. (CONTINUED)
63) 18) dialog: No way.
63) 20) dialog: (whispers to Rachel) Jump!
63) 22) dialog: Jump! He jumps on the spot. The floor CRACKS, his leg punches through the rotting boards. Rachel gets it — she jumps too — The putrescent floor tears like wet bread — Wilberforce BARKS — (CONTINUED )
64) 0) text: Theo hits the floor. He looks up to see Rachel hanging from the hole in the floor high above, legs kicking. UPSTAIRS a fleshy WILBERFORCE TENTACLE twists around Rachel’s head and shoulder. Mr Wilberforce leans over her, his human visage sloughing off to reveal a fearsome creature beneath — Rachel looks up, SCREAMS IN FRIGHT — BELOW, Theo LEAPS, grabs for her legs, yanks — Rachel tumbles down through the hole and lands BELOW. The twins scramble to their feet and race for the open front door — From above come Wilberforce BARKS — BARKS answer from the doorway — as more WILBERFORCE DRONES come onto the porch!
64) 2) dialog: Down here. He grabs her and they race for the hole. As they step toward closer it opens with a wet rolling twist.
64) 4) dialog: There’s no other way. He grabs her hand. She nods. They leap into the tunnel — its ‘mouth’ closing around them —
69) 0) text: Theo and Rachel are carried along — then dropped —
70) 1) dialog: Now I know how it feels to be spew.
70) 3) dialog: That’s a gargantua.
70) 7) dialog: They’re coming. The twins run for a tunnel opening in the far wall and throw themselves into its gaping mouth. The muscles close around them ... and they’re gone.
72) 3) dialog: No! He kicks the tunnel wall in frustration. The dead end seems to close in around the twins. The sound of the Wilberforces rushes up the tunnel.
72) 6) dialog: I'll give you a leg up. Rachel steps forward. Theo helps her up.
72) 7) dialog: Take a deep breath and kick as hard as you can. He helps her up into the pinched maw - she pushes hands through, finds leverage ... She takes a deep breath and shoves her head into the hole. Shoulders, torso, hips ... and finally shoes disappear with a sucking noise. Alone now, Theo looks back. The maw of the tunnel parts, expelling air in advance of its passengers — Theo jumps up to grasp the edges of the membrane. He can't pull himself up. He jumps again, desperate now as the rushing echo of the Wilberforces fills the air. Panicking, Theo watches the tunnel opening, eyes wide with terror — Water splatters down. Theo looks up as Rachel’s arm emerges through the membrane, her hand held out for him. Theo looks up at her hand, considering — deciding — (CONTINUED )
73) 0) text: Theo surfaces, gasping for air. Rachel treads water nearby. The churning swell is black. Behind them, the dark shape of Rangitoto looms beneath the low cloud. Nearby scattered lights stretch away around the North Shore coastline.
75) 0) text: Ricky lets out a shaky sigh of relief. Theo grins at Mr Jones, his eyes wild.
75) 1) dialog: The fire ... they were scared.
75) 3) dialog: (proudly) Just me. Mr Jones turns away, angry. Theo looks confused.
75) 4) dialog: I thought that’s what you wanted.
76) 8) dialog: Uncle Cliff'll never let you.
77) 1) dialog: You lied to us — about the other twins! Mr Jones's eyes glimmer in the firelight.
77) 3) dialog: Yeah, pretty hard to throw a stone when you're dead! Mr Jones turns away. The twins wait for an answer.
77) 6) dialog: What happened? (CONTINUED)
80) 0) text: Theo circles Mr Jones, furious.
80) 1) dialog: You just left them there!
80) 3) dialog: Expendable, you mean!
80) 6) dialog: You don’t need twins. I can make the fire — enough for both of us! Mr Jones looks up, his eyes piercing Theo.
80) 8) dialog: But at the beach —
80) 10) dialog: No ... they were afraid of me!
80) 12) dialog: You're wrong. I'll prove it. (CONTINUED)
86) 0) text: Theo picks his way down a stone staircase, carved from ancient rock. His stone glows in his hand. The sea churns rocks below him. He scans the water.
86) 1) dialog: Come on, Ricky ... (CONTINUED)
86) 5) dialog: What?
86) 8) dialog: They’re not coming.
86) 10) dialog: Rachel can’t do it. I’m going on my own. Ricky looks back up the hill, unsure.
86) 11) dialog: Ricky, there isn’t much time! Reluctantly, Ricky revs the boat and pulls away.
88) 0) text: The Sea Lady coasts into the rocky shore. Theo leaps out of the boat and onto the rocks. He stops for a moment, looks back at the older teens.
89) 0) text: A roar of fire lights a stone staircase, carved from the rock. Mr Jones and Rachel hurry to the shore, tripping and stumbling, Rachel struggling to support Jones's weight. They reach the rocky water’s edge. Rachel searches frantically for Theo and Ricky. (CONTINUED)
90) 0) text: Theo climbs, panting with effort. He stops, gets his bearings. The bush around him rustles and cracks. He ducks low, looking around. His stone throbs with a pulsing glow. The distant BARK of a Wilberforce ... then an answering BARK, from just metres away! Theo freezes — The dark shape of a Wilberforce looms in the moonlight. It SNIFFS deeply, picking up his scent.Theo cowers ... and is suddenly YANKED violently from the ground, sinewy tendrils whipping around his body from behind! Theo flails — his stone FALLS — its light dims! CRUNCH! Theo arrests his passage on the thin trunk of a bush with one hand. He scrambles for the stone with the other. The tentacle tightens around him ... From around him, more vicious BARKS sound. DARK SHAPES melt out of the darkness to surround him. Barely seen, the Wilberforces have abandoned human form. They writhe with predatory power. Theo winces in pain ... as he reaches for the stone ... reaches — The Wilberforces close in — Theo’s hand closes around the stone! Theo swings around and — BLAM — sends cords of fire lashing out into the dark. The tentacles around him whip away ... The creatures shriek and bark, tentacles flail. Theo scrambles to his feet. He shoots forth another jet, clearing a path ahead of him and clambers on up the mountain.
93) 0) text: Theo shoots a burst of flame behind him, then scrambles up the track towards the summit.
94) 5) dialog: Put her down. Wilberforce looks up with contempt. Rachel’s eyes GLAZE OVER. The glow of FIRE flickers from Theo’s stone ... then DIES. Theo looks down at the stone, incredulous ... he shakes it ... nothing happens. Mr Wilberforce drops Rachel in a heap, his arm a mass of writhing tendrils. Her eyes are glazed open, her mouth hanging limp. The sight hits Theo like a sledgehammer.
94) 6) dialog: No! Mr Wilberforce smiles cruelly at Theo. A huge EARTHQUAKE rocks the mountain. Theo is thrown to the ground. Wilberforce rides the tremor, unperturbed. CRACKS ripple across the crater edge — The viewing platform sags, the planks rippling like piano keys. Rachel’s limp body slides towards the edge. From the beneath the ground the MASSIVE ROAR of the gargantua sounds, like some titan echo. (CONTINUED)
94) 9) dialog: No ... no...
94) 11) dialog: I’m ... alone. Her glazed eyes stare — no response.
94) 12) dialog: Rachel. I need you ... Desperate now, he calls again, not out loud, but WITH HIS
94) 14) dialog: I need you. ECU on Rachel’s EYES, fixed on him. She blinks — A rush of WHISPERS — growing to a ROAR — And in a furious flurry of images — Their mother’s face / their father / feeding as babies / in a pen together / toys / teddy bears / books / a cat / a house / spoon feeding / drinking / laughing / crawling / walking / running outside / fishing / horses / swimming / school / friends / birthday cakes / Christmas trees / milking a cow / dinners / laughter / tears / lost teeth / ice creams / holidays / pocket money / beaches / hide and seek / eye to eye / the two connected through twin-ness — WHISPERS form, as if from out of the distance ...
98) 0) text: The viewing platform shakes violently as Theo and Rachel stumble back towards the crater rim. They look to each other, breathless, stunned. They allow themselves to share a smile ... then:
98) 1) dialog: Mr Jones? Rachel shakes her head. (CONTINUED)
98) 5) dialog: (overlapping) -.. do we do now ...? A huge jet of steam, glowing red from below, explodes up in front of them.
98) 6) dialog: We run! They turn and run down the mountain.
99) 4) dialog: Hey — where are you going? Ricky gapes, flabbergasted. He and Clementine WHOOP, celebrating as the twins run to the boat and clamber in.
99) 8) dialog: I was wrong about Mr Jones. About everything. Rachel nods, smiles warmly.