2) 0) text: A blotchy elephantine vagrant sits alone in a ring of emp tables staring into his glass. He wears a frayed coat and has thin long badly dyed hair. He looks up. Straight at u Dead watery eyes. It is OSCAR WILDE
2) 1) dialog: It’s a dream! He drains the glass, rummages for money, rises with difficulty, and shambles off down the crowded street
3) 0) text: The CITY OF LIGHT in all its glory. Cafes overflow onto t street. 3/11/16 Men and women in evening dress take the air, the ‘monde’ and the ‘demi monde’, urchins selling violets, the whole melting pot are out on this wet October night under the g light, the plane trees and the swirling Van Gogh stars. The rain stops. OSCAR weaves through the crowds with his head down. A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN flanked by TWO MEN in SHINY TOP HATS comes onto the street from a restaurant. They are talking loudly in English. Collision. The WOMAN and OSCAR briefly lock eyes, but he moves quickly on. The TRIO continue, arm in arm. The two MEN chat amiably a the WOMAN looks puzzled. Suddenly
3) 6) dialog: Of course, Madam. One never forgets such a face. How kind of you to speak to me. You are well, I see.
3) 10) dialog: You couldn't lend me five pounds, could you? Things are a little tight at present. I feel ghastly asking like this, but... MRS ARBUTHNOTT rummages in her purse. Thrusts all her mon into his hand. She is crying.
3) 13) dialog: Never wish, Madam. It might come true! But adieu, and thank you for a moments harmony in a discordant fugue. She turns and goes back to the TWO MEN.
4) 0) text: The TWO MEN laugh and applaud. No sound. EXT./INT. HOTEL D’ALSACE. PARIS. NIGHT. 9 OSCAR enters the hotel d’Alsace. He climbs the stairs of this dark and dingy HOTEL. Sounds of a squabble as a door opens and shuts. He drags himself up by the banister. He stops to catch hi breath. He holds his ear as if there is a deafening noise M. DUPOIRIER, the HOTEL manager is coming down the stairs with a TRAY.
4) 2) dialog: (also in French) Alas no, M. Dupoirier, but fear not, M. Ross is arriving tomorrow with royalties, contracts and cash.
4) 4) dialog: See! See where Christ’s blood streams through the firmament! His reflection shimmers and the room suddenly lurches behind him. OSCAR blinks and clutches the table.
4) 5) dialog: What is happening to me? 3/11/16 11 12 The strange spasm passes and he applies rouge and foundation. Greases his hair with an evil looking tinctur sprays some perfume in his mouth and leaves.
5) 0) text: A YOUNG MAN and a BOY sit at a back table - JEAN a handsome twenty year old who sells violets, and his consumptive brother LEON, a matchstick boy. Although they are rough, LEON is weeping. JEAN sees OSCAR and gestures.
5) 1) dialog: (french) What is the matter with our little sparkler. Dear Leon weep no more. I beg!
5) 6) dialog: Well, this is too frightful! But I too have news. A sudden windfall enables me to offer you both at least absinthe and cocaine on the eve of departure and a purple moment for me, if, Leon, you will lend me your relation for the usual consideration? 3/11/16 13 He produces a coin. LEON looks up. Takes the coin.
6) 0) text: OSCAR lies on a filthy bed in a squalid room. Noises of bonking and bedsprings through the ceiling. JEAN, a lithe panther with his trousers down, sprinkles powder into cotton wool balls, puts one in the side of his mouth and gives another to OSCAR.
6) 1) dialog: You know I don’t think I’ve ever been happier in my life. In this room. At this moment. The light from the street.
6) 3) dialog: It carves you in marble, dear boy! We are lost in our own world. Shrouded in a symphony of adjacent copulation. It’s really quite good! He counts out notes on the bed. JEAN looks at him with obvious affection.
6) 4) dialog: I know you love me, Johnny, even though our purple hours are sullied by green notes. But what can one do? OSCAR lurches from the bed, doing up his flies, tucking i his shirt, to the door. He opens it. LEON falls in.
6) 6) dialog: Where was I?
6) 8) dialog: Oh, yes. Under the bridge. 3/11/16 14 15 They all pile onto the bed. LEON coughs.
6) 9) dialog: Under the bridge two little boys were lying in one another’s arms to try and keep themselves warm. How hungry we are they said. You must not lie here shouted the watchman and they wandered out into the rain.
7) 0) text: The incongruous TRIO walk down a rainy street. OSCAR V.O. The swallow flew back and told the prince what he had seen. I am covered with fine gold said the prince. You must take it off leaf by leaf and give it to the poor; the living always think that gold can make them happy.
8) 0) text: Chaos. MEN in TALL HATS, TARTS and PIMPS. Banquettes overflow. WAITERS weave through the tables with loaded trays. A stringy WOMAN sings on a stage at one end of the hall. She is dressed for a beggars ball and harshly lit by footlights. OSCAR and THE BROTHERS arrive. OSCAR surges towards the stage, interrupting the performance.
8) 1) dialog: Dear Lottie, sing to me sweet nightingale and crack my calcified heart with your warbles. Garcon! They settle at a table. A WAITER appears
8) 2) dialog: Absinthe. A YOUNG MAN in uniform, MAURICE GILBERT is talking with another man in the shadows
8) 3) dialog: Ahh, mon legionnaire! Maurice, come here immediately and ravish me! 3/11/16 MAURICE prowls across the room towards OSCAR who watches him transfixed. LEON and JEAN giggle helplessly. MAURICE salutes and OSCAR pulls him on to his knee. A MAN with a TART watches them in disgust.
8) 7) dialog: (oblivious ) How could I resist. Look! The profile of Napoleon... MAURICE shakes the MAN like a rat. A chair breaks. They fall to the floor.
8) 8) dialog: without any of the more disappointing features!
8) 11) dialog: Ahh, Madame, a few ruffled plumes, no more
8) 15) dialog: (wide eyed) May I? THE MANAGER turns to the room.
8) 20) dialog: The boy I love is up in the gallery. The boy I love is looking down at me. There he is! Can’t you see? Waving his handkerchief. As merry as a cricket that sings on the lee THE CROWD enjoy the show and sing along with the chorus, the delight of OSCAR and his friends. Tremendous applause as the song ends. OSCAR is bleeding from the ear. His eyes bulge and he is sweating. Hair dye and powder trickle down his ecstatic face. He swoops down into an elaborate bow and crashes unconscious to the floor. A huge burst of applause. 3/11/16 16 17 10
9) 0) text: OSCAR (back to us) straightens from a deep bow. He is before a glittering first night audience. The theatre is packed.
9) 1) dialog: The actors have given us a charming rendering of a delightful play. More applause. CONSTANCE, OSCAR’S wife watches nervously. GROUP OF YOUNG MEN, ROBBIE ROSS, REGGIE TURNER, and other wear green carnations.
9) 2) dialog: And your appreciation has been most intelligent. Faces explode with mirth. Details of glistening teeth. Ferocious eyes. Manic applause. Whispering in ears. MRS ARBUTHNOTT sits between the TWO MEN laughing. OSCAR looks like a toad in the footlights and throws a hu shadow against the red velvet curtain behind him. He has metallic blue carnation in his buttonhole and a gold tipp cigarette smoking in his hand.
9) 3) dialog: I congratulate you on the success of your performance... Hysterical laughter. which persuades me that you think almost as highly of the play as I do myself. OSCAR waits for the next laugh, but there is none, only a uncomfortable silence with a few coughs. CONSTANCE covers her face with her hands.
11) 0) text: OSCAR'S head is shaved. JUDGE V.O. It is, in my opinion, totally inadequate for such a case as this. A naked OSCAR is plunged into a brackish bath. JUDGE V.O. (CONT’D) The sentence of the court is that you be imprisoned and kept to hard labour for two years. 3/11/16
12) 0) text: To the sound of mayhem in court, OSCAR, in prison uniform is thrown into a cell. As the door slams and locks the ro cuts out. An eye looks through a tiny spy hole in the door. Through the hole OSCAR sits on a board in the small brick room with his head in his hands. M. DUPOIRIER V.O. Monsieur Melmoth. Monsieur Melmoth. Your friend is here. OSCAR looks up at the door. The eye disappears. INT. HOTEL D’ALSACE. OSCAR’S BEDROOM. DAY. 1900 22 OSCAR opens his eyes. He is in bed. He sighs with relief. It was a dream. His ear is bandaged. M DUPOIRIER is standing over him. DR. TUCKER, from the British Embassy, prepares an injection From OSCAR'S point of view M. DUPOIRIER flares and sparkles. The wallpaper pulses with OSCAR’S heartbeat. ROBBIE ROSS leans over the bed. He wears a travelling coa OSCAR is hallucinating.
12) 1) dialog: (weakly) Robbie! My lonely rider of the apocalypse. You took me into exile, dear boy. Where will you take me now. What ship? Ireland, you say? ROBBIE sits on the edge of the bed and takes OSCAR’S hand
12) 3) dialog: Ah, good. Good. I have been dinnerless. OSCAR stares at the wall. The flowers shimmer and jump. H groans.
12) 4) dialog: I am in mortal combat with this wallpaper, Robbie. One of us has to go! 3/11/16 23 13
12) 6) dialog: It is more or less impossible to make good scenes in such reduced circumstances as mine, but I believe I did my best. Last night I dreamt I was supping with the dead.
12) 8) dialog: Morphia is mere seltzer to me now, but good Dr. Tucker will only give me ether or chloral on holidays of obligation. I am much distracted dear boy. I have had a very bad time lately, and for two days not a penny in my pocket, so had to wander about, filled with wild longings, trapped in the circle of the boulevards, one of the worst in the inferno. The needle goes in. OSCAR visibly relaxes.
12) 9) dialog: I shall never forget your kindness, dear boy, when I was released from prison. What high hopes we had that day! But I was doomed from the start. Why does one run towards ruin? Why does it hold such a fascination?
13) 0) text: A green misty sky merges with the sea. ROBBIE ROSS stands on the quay looking out to sea. The noise of a horn bounces across the sleepy port and ou the mist the NEWHAVEN PACKET SHIP materializes. Smoke fro the funnel curves across the sky. ROBBIE catches sight of the boat and runs down the jetty. On board the ship a lone OSCAR watches the harbour approach. 3/11/16 24 25 26 14 When he sees his friend he throws back his head and laugh The ship docks. OSCAR lumbers down the gangplank. The men embrace warmly.
13) 2) dialog: Where is Reggie?
13) 4) dialog: What?
13) 6) dialog: No. I left Oscar Wilde at Newhaven. He gives ROBBIE a folder that he has clasped to his chest
13) 7) dialog: And this is the last thing she wrote. The great letter I told you about. Make three copies. Send one to Bosie Douglas. One to me, and keep the original under lock and key. OSCAR relaxes, as though a heavy weight is lifted from hi shoulders. The TWO MEN climb onto the carriage.
14) 0) text: OSCAR and ROBBIE drive through the town towards the hotel climb down from the carriage.
15) 0) text: OSCAR and ROBBIE enter. 3/11/16 27 15
15) 6) dialog: They are in my cabin trunk. OSCAR signs with a flourish and a sideways glance. A mome as the MANAGER scrutinizes the signature and beams.
15) 10) dialog: As much as I loathe the old one. Ah, letters! REGGIE produces a framed picture of QUEEN VICTORIA from t new dressing case while OSCAR leafs through his mail.
15) 12) dialog: (suddenly tense) -+. It’s from him!
15) 14) dialog: I may as well tell you both now that I fully intend to affect a reconciliation with my wife - if she will have me. And rest assured that I shall never see Lord Alfred Douglas again. That part of my life is behind me.
15) 16) dialog: As I am determined NOT to see him. OSCAR tears up a letter ostentatiously and throws it in t hearth. 3/11/16 28 29 17
16) 0) text: WAITERS push a fleet of trolleys. A burst of laughter from inside OSCAR’S rooms. INT. HOTEL SANDWICH. OSCAR’S SUITE. DAY. 29 THE THREE MEN are sitting around a table in a haze of cigarette smoke. WAITERS clear plates and pour coffee.
16) 2) dialog: Robbie! I met Christ in prison.
16) 4) dialog: Don’t joke Reggie. In the cell there is only God and Man. After three days in hell Jesus rose from the dead. Discarded his cerements, broke open the tomb and took his place forever in the heart of man. After seven hundred days of hard labour my tomb has opened, I have tiptoed to the boat train and I am born again. Through him with him and in France.
16) 8) dialog: Oh Good. All I am saying, dear Reggie, is that I lived in the grip of vice and pleasure. It was wrong and I have paid. Perhaps the slate is wiped clean. Perhaps it is not. We shall see. At any rate I am ready to return to life. INT. HOTEL SANDWICH. OSCAR’S SUITE. DAY. 30 Alone, OSCAR unpacks. Framed pictures of CONSTANCE and HI CHILDREN are extracted from an open cabin trunk. He retrieves BOSIE’S shredded letter from the fireplace, sit at the desk and tries to reassemble it.
16) 11) dialog: Two years have I lain on hard boards, knelt on cold stone, dined on shame and thought of little else. OSCAR V.O. (CONT’D) You and my sons are the only things that tie me to life. Were it not for the hope that one day I would meet you all again, I don’t think I could go on. CONSTANCE looks sadly at her children playing in the garden.
17) 0) text: OSCAR, REGGIE, ROBBIE are served a sumptuous lunch. A PRETTY WAITER bends over the table. OSCAR’S eyes briefl alight on his apron wrapped posterior. After the boy has gone everybody laughs. OSCAR is slightly indignant. OSCAR V.O. My desire to live, dearest Constance, is as intense as ever, and though my heart is broken, hearts are made to be broken. OSCAR gestures grandly for more champagne.
18) 0) text: With OSCAR’S gesture the room changes to night. Candles flicker on tables. Guests in evening dress. The champagne arrives at another meal. This time a dinner with FIFTEEN YOUNG POETS and STUDENTS who have come from Paris to welcome OSCAR into exile. They are eccentrically dressed and extremely rowdy. OSCAR captivates the table with tales of prison. Other guests watch sternly. The party bays for a speech from OSCAR, banging the table. OSCAR V.O. That is why God sends sorrow to the world. Write to me as soon as you can and tell me that I am still your Oscar. OSCAR stands to make a toast. 3/11/16 34 35 20
18) 1) dialog: That the delicate buds of French art should find their way to this desert outpost in order to welcome and raise this bruised and trodden lily from the slough of despond fills it with the tremulous hope that it could still live and bloom again on the double peak of Parnassus... The WAITER brings the bill.
18) 2) dialog: Oh, did I ask for that?
18) 5) dialog: Bonjour. THE BOY runs back to the group. He tells them something. They look round towards OSCAR and laugh.
19) 0) text: OSCAR nibbles a croissant alone at a table, enjoying the bustle on the quay. The rowdy group of CRICKETERS amble along the street and install themselves at the next table. OSCAR appraises them covertly. They see OSCAR and begin to whisper and giggle. OSCAR stiffens.
19) 4) dialog: You go too far, Sir! ENGLISH ONE stands.
20) 2) dialog: (weakly) No, not really.
21) 0) text: Something clicks inside OSCAR’S head and with a roar he lunges at the first man, throwing him to the ground with his enormous weight. He bounces up, rage and adrenalin pounding through his veins, and hurls a second against th wall, his huge hands around the MANS throat.
21) 1) dialog: (shouting) What more do you want? THE UNDERGRADUATES are stunned. OSCAR throws the second M aside like a twig. He is hysterical now, a stampeding elephant. 3/11/16 23
21) 2) dialog: You have taken everything, you little shits. Everything! My family. My home. My work. My freedom. Everything. There is nothing else to take. OSCAR shoves a RUDDY CHEEKED BOOR in the chest. He backs off
21) 3) dialog: What are you going to do? Kill me? I’m already dead, you cunt. Now piss off all of you. The natural habitat of the hypocrite is England. Get back there! Leave me in peace. GO. THE YOUNG MEN’ stand uncertainly for a moment then turn around and shuffle off. By the time they get to the corne they have recovered their swaggers and slap one another o the back as they run off. Their whoops of victory sound like mad bird cries echoing through the village. It begins to rain. The THREE FRIENDS look at one another for a long moment.
21) 5) dialog: I don’t. I have nothing in me, not even fear.
21) 7) dialog: At Clapham Junction we had to wait for a connection. (MORE )
21) 9) dialog: Half and hour, my dears, on platform three. Sadly my public had not forgotten me. 4l FLASHBACK. EXT. CLAPHAM JUNCTION. DAY. 1895 41 A small crowd begins to gather. A BURLY TROUBLEMAKER begi to lecture the crowd. OSCAR V.O. At first they simply giggled and pointed, but then a man began to shout. He paced up and down, wagging his finger, as he catalogued my crimes to his growing and spellbound audience. Now the crowd is huge. The platform is packed. Several hundred people pressing against the bench where OSCAR sit THE BURLY MAN is purple now. In slow motion he inhales an spits a huge gob which lands on OSCAR’S face. The CROWD applauds. 42 INT. HOTEL SANDWICH. OSCAR’S SUITE. NIGHT. 1897. 42
21) 10) dialog: At each new twist the crowd moaned and swayed as one, spitting and screaming, howling for my blood.
21) 12) dialog: (simply) I shall see it on my death bed.
23) 0) text: OSCAR and ROBBIE leave the hotel. Their luggage follows, carried by BELLBOYS.
25) 0) text: ROBBIE and OSCAR climb from a carriage and go inside.
26) 0) text: The manager leads Oscar and Robbie to their room.
27) 0) text: OSCAR and ROBBIE at a table in front of a large window overlooking the sea. They are finishing a meal. There is full moon. 3/11/16 26
27) 2) dialog: Well it was written from the depths!
27) 4) dialog: I wrote some harsh letters to you Robbie. I am sorry.
27) 6) dialog: I know. Its hard to describe the feeling of utter impotence and desperation in there. One becomes a fury. One never speaks. One simply weeps and has diarrhea. Result: lunacy. Do you forgive me? OSCAR takes ROBBIE’S hand.
27) 8) dialog: Except that you, dear boy, are not a leper. Tomorrow you will blow away on the sea breeze - destination Dover - like a dandelion seed. As to who would have thought? We met in a public lavatory, Bobbie dear, and we ended up here. You wouldn’t have to be the Sybil of Mortimer Street to join the dots!
27) 10) dialog: And I was going to my club. A different corner, a minute later, another play, and maybe I should be the poet laureate, but I doubt it. Intimacy in the sewers followed by fantasy in the Gods! The rest is silence. FLASHBACK. INT. PUBLIC LAVATORY. LONDON. AFTERNOON. 1886. A quiet afternoon in the echoing underworld. Cisterns dri ROBBIE (younger) stands at a long line of urinals. OSCAR breezes in, takes a place further along the line. ROBBIE moves next to OSCAR. Surprised, OSCAR looks up. Eyes meet. ROBBIE leaves the urinal, and casually goes into a cubicl OSCAR buttons up and nervously follows. THE QUEENY LOO ATTENDANT raises a pair of plucked eyebrow and continues to read his paper. Inside the cubicle a trembling OSCAR fills the whole spac ROBBIE is squashed against the toilet. Neither one can un their trousers. From a hole in the wooden partition a tongue waggles. OSCAR suppresses a little shriek. ROBBIE smiles and puts his finger to his lips as he tries to undo OSCAR’S flies.
28) 0) text: ROBBIE waits under a street light in the smoggy dusk. OSCAR lumbers up the steps from the underworld and joins him, and they walk off into the fog together.
29) 0) text: A transfigured OSCAR holds a sleeping ROBBIE in his arms.
30) 0) text: A distracted OSCAR smokes in bed while ROBBIE sleeps besi him. INT. BEDROOM. HOTEL D’ALSACE. NIGHT. 1900 54 ROBBIE sleeps in a chair. OSCAR, clearly ill, watches him from the bed by the light of a low fire.
30) 1) dialog: Bobbie! Bobbie. ROBBIE wakes suddenly.
30) 2) dialog: Dear boy, help me to the commode, would you? ROBBIE hauls OSCAR from his bed and heaves him onto the commode. The two men look at one another. OSCAR is now stripped of all dignity
30) 3) dialog: I have observed a very curious thing. Just when one thinks there is no further to go, there is ... further to go. Have I let you down, terribly, darling Bobbie?
30) 5) dialog: You had such plans for me.
30) 7) dialog: Happiness is cheep perfume that even I couldn’t afford. 3/11/16 55 56 57 29
30) 9) dialog: Some of it. But you never understood. There was nothing left. Just one spark, then black.
31) 0) text: OSCAR walks across the dunes towards a small BATHING HUT the sand. He unlocks the door and goes in. A minute later he comes out in a bathing costume and marches into the sea, finally crashing in like a porpoise He swims back and forth without his hair getting wet. Waves splash in his face. OSCAR V.O. He did not wear his scarlet coat, For blood and wine are red, And blood and wine were on his hands When they found him with the dead,
32) 0) text: OSCAR sits back from his desk smiling.
32) 1) dialog: The poor dead woman whom he loved, and murdered in her bed! Superb. He continues writing. INT. CONSTANCE’S HOUSE HEIDELBERG. DAY. 57 TWO GRAVE VICTORIAN MEN sit with CONSTANCE. Through an op window THE CHILDREN can be seen playing.
33) 0) text: ROBBIE and OSCAR walk on the sand.
33) 1) dialog: Since you left I have been completely alone.
33) 3) dialog: My wife has written me a revolting letter in which she tells me that PERHAPS she will see me at some later date, but not in the foreseeable future, and the boys probably never!
33) 5) dialog: Robbie, if you have come here to upset me, I suggest you return to Dieppe immediately where you will find a train that leaves at three minutes past the hour. Every hour!
33) 7) dialog: Bosie, whom you all deplore, at least offers to help me. 3/11/16 32
33) 9) dialog: Bosie loves me Robbie. In a way that you could never understand. In any case he’s is coming here next week.
33) 11) dialog: (screaming) I am all alone. I don’t have anyone. Why are you being so harsh
33) 14) dialog: Well frankly my dear you’re not really grand enough and you're certainly not rough enough. Lets get a drink for Gods sake. OSCAR takes ROBBIE’S arm and they walk back towards the HOTEL in the distance.
33) 15) dialog: Don't be cross, Bobbie! You weren’t built for rage. I went on the most marvellous pilgrimage yesterday to Notre Dame de Liesse. Did you know that liesse is the medieval word for happiness? I go there every day. 3/11/16 62 63 64 33
34) 0) text: OSCAR lost in thought. Grubby windows streaked with rain. Low clouds. Thunder. The rhythmic clanking of the train.
35) 0) text: A breathless OSCAR climbs on the vast clanking machine OSCAR V.O. Dear Bosie, After long and fruitless waiting I have determined to write to you myself, as much for your sake as for mine, as I would not like to think that I had passed through two long years of imprisonment without ever having received a single line from you, or any news or message even, except such as gave me pain. 3/11/16 65 66 67 34
36) 0) text: OSCAR reads through a stack of papers.
36) 1) dialog: Our ill fated and most lamentable friendship has ended in ruin and public infamy for me, yet the memory of our ancient affection is often with me, and the thought that loathing, bitterness and contempt should forever take that place in my heart once held by love is very sad to me.
37) 1) dialog: You came to me to learn the pleasure of life and the pleasure of art. Perhaps I am chosen to teach you something much more wonderful, the meaning of sorrow and its beauty. The sun comes through the clouds. The train arrives in ROUEN.
38) 0) text: THE TRAIN pulls away from the station. Through the clouds of smoke OSCAR is revealed standing on the platform. In the distance BOSIE is still a golden youth in a dusty travelling coat. He slowly walks towards a frozen OSCAR. Finally, the two men face each other. Close up BOSIE is ravaged and pinched. OSCAR begins to cry. Tries to speak but can’t.
38) 5) dialog: Bosie, about that letter I sent you from prison...
38) 7) dialog: Nothing important now. It was just my testament. De Profundus.
38) 9) dialog: I am my own Judas. I need a drink.
39) 0) text: A few people dine. OSCAR and BOSIE sit at a table drinking. TRAVELLERS come and go.
39) 2) dialog: What plans can I have? The doom of Melmoth is to wander the earth seeking shelter where he can. I may go south.
39) 4) dialog: If only it were that simple! A GOODS TRAIN clanks through the station.
39) 6) dialog: A ballad about prison. Its almost finished. Rather good. I don’t know if I can write anymore.
39) 8) dialog: I wrote when I knew nothing of life. Now that I do know it there is nothing left to write.
39) 10) dialog: Dear boy, you don’t know what you are saying. I’m starving. Do let's order. Times passes. Later...
39) 11) dialog: Why do we huddle without the city walls at a Station Hotel? A MAN walks through the dining room announcing a night train to Belgium.
39) 12) dialog: Because I am a ruined man. If you came with me to Naples the world would become a picture you could look at but never touch. Do you love me that much, Bosie? And anyway, we have no money! 3/11/16 70 71 72 73 37
39) 14) dialog: Nothing. Something Robbie said.
39) 16) dialog: He loves me, Bosie, in a way that you could never understand. Shall we take a room? Sudden tension.
40) 0) text: OSCAR sits on the bed. BOSIE stands before him in his shirt. He begins to remove OSCAR turns out the light. In the darkness lights flash across the wall as a train thunders through the station. bloodcurdling scream of its whistle accompanies OSCAR and BOSIE as they embrace.
41) 0) text: Another Train with OSCAR and BOSIE aboard speeds through long tunnel. The scream continues. Their faces are barely visible in the darkness.
43) 0) text: The bay of Naples is covered in an early morning mist. Th scene is ravishing. OSCAR stands on the terrace of his new home Villa Guidice in Posilippo. OSCAR V.O. I dare say what I have done is fatal. I love him as I always did. With a sense of tragedy and ruin.. The trains whistle turns into a high pitched human shriek
44) 0) text: BOSIE stands on a chair in his underwear screaming as a huge rat darts back and forth across the room. THREE seed Neapolitan servants are trying to kill it with brooms and bats - CARMINE, a fat bearded lady cook, her husband PEPPINO and their son MICHELE. MICHELE finally skewers it with a rake. It writhes about while the PEPPINO clubs it death and its brains splash across the floor. OSCAR rushe in. Everyone is shouting. BOSIE is hysterical.
44) 3) dialog: Who's she?
45) 1) dialog: The good news is there are no more rats. The bad news is that my allowance has been cut off.
45) 3) dialog: Obviously I should much prefer to discuss serving techniques with our waiter but we must make some sort of plan, Bosie. I came here at your invitation. You said you had funds. You do not. I accept that. But the fact remains we now have, what, six pounds.
45) 5) dialog: Careful! His mother is watching. 3/11/16 41
45) 12) dialog: You always talk to boys as though they were bloodstock, Bosie. You should ask them to lift their hoofs and show their mouths..
46) 0) text: Through a crack in a door CARMINE and PEPPINO watch entranced and horrified as OSCAR, holding a whip and dressed as Phedra recites Racine. FELICE stands uncertain in the middle of the room while BOSIE is bound and gagged tied naked to a chair. The crack of a riding crop against naked flesh. PEPPINO winces. OSCAR V.O. Come on, dear, Fuck him!
47) 0) text: A mattress on the floor under a ripped mosquito net. The debri of last nights party on the floor. BOSIE and FELICE sleep tangled up in the dirty sheets. OSCAR watches from chair. Noise of sea crashing and seagulls screaming. He g up and quietly leaves the room.
48) 0) text: A huge red sun rises over the bay. A pink cloud sits on t of Vesuvius. A fishing boat moves slowly towards Capri. Fishermen dive from its prow. Their voices come and go on the breeze. OSCAR watches. BOSIE appears wrapped in a sheet. Sits on the wall. Light cigarette, hands it to OSCAR. They smoke in silence.
48) 1) dialog: (finally) Its very beautiful.
48) 3) dialog: What?
48) 5) dialog: Yes. You can. No more anxiety, no more ambition. No time. Just now. Boys diving for pearls, an old sheep with his butcher, a bobbing boat on a silver sea, and scandal, just a small black dot against the edge of dawn. 3/11/16 83 84 43
50) 0) text: CARMINE, PEPPINO and their SON pilfer silently across the room, moving through moonbeams while BOSIE and OSCAR snor bed.
51) 0) text: OSCAR has been cooking. BOSIE is dangerously drunk.
51) 2) dialog: Sit. Are you fucking me?
51) 4) dialog: Yes you are. I can hear you.
51) 6) dialog: Look, Bosie. It is not my fault we have been pillaged by our own servants. Try to be civil, or at any rate misquote me accurately. 3/11/16 45
51) 8) dialog: Pomodoro e aglio al forno. It is all Mother Hubbard has left in her cupboard. The postal order from your brother Percy has still not arrived. I have been down to the post office three times already this morning.
51) 11) dialog: What are you trying to say?
51) 13) dialog: Well maybe you should just pack up and get out. Go back to your mother.
51) 15) dialog: Well, maybe I could help you out. I was thinking of going to the beach this afternoon but, on reflection perhaps it would be more convenient if I simply adjourned to some overflowing Neapolitan latrine and blew my brains out! 3/11/16 86 46
51) 17) dialog: You would learn of the tragedy at tea time on the beach from one of your favourite sailors, and by supper time you would be in deep mourning on all fours and the day would be yours. With him till the end. Thick and thin. Sickness and health you semi literate jumped up little shit. BOSIE throws the contents of his plate at OSCAR. A tomato lands on his face. A moments stunned silence. BOSIE laughs. There is a knock on the front door.
53) 0) text: OSCAR listens from the shadows. BEAUCHAMP V.O. Bosie, I wanted to have a quiet word, if I may? BOSIE V.O. By all means. BEAUCHAMP V.O. The Ambassador feels that your living here in broad daylight with er ... BOSIE V.O. Oscar. BEAUCHAMP V.O. Yes, precisely. Living here with Mr Wilde is very, shall we say, awkward. Mal vu, you understand. Sir John has such fond memories of your long sojourn at the Embassy and wants very much to avoid any ... how shall I put it....embarrassment, particularly with the PM in such close quarters.
54) 0) text: OSCAR comes into the garden with a tea tray still wearing his apron. BEAUCHAMP looks horrified.
54) 5) dialog: You're right. It is a bore.
55) 0) text: OSCAR is writing at a table under a tree. BOSIE is composing a sonnet. Crickets buzz. Boiling noon. FELICE, half naked, is raking the gravel. OSCAR puts down his pen. Gathers up the papers. Looks out to sea.
55) 1) dialog: It is finished!
56) 1) dialog: All men kill the thing they love. By all let this be heard. Some do it with a bitter look. Some with a flattering word. 3/11/16 91 92 93 94 49
57) 0) text: OSCAR and BOSIE are shown round this vast mausoleum carve into the rocks by a GUIDE with a flaming torch. PEOPLE pr in front of alters made entirely of skulls.
58) 0) text: OSCAR and BOSIE walk down into the city, through thin dar streets festooned with washing. They are not talking.
58) 1) dialog: They hanged him as a beast is hanged. They did not even toll a requiem that might have brought rest to his startled soul
59) 0) text: OSCAR and BOSIE deep in conversation. A YOUNG MAN passes. They both look up. OSCAR V.O. But hurriedly they took him out, And hid him in a hole. The Chaplain would not kneel to pray
60) 0) text: Another table. BOSIE and OSCAR, dressed in warm clothes a laughing. It is Christmas time. TWO YOUNG MEN pass. One, good looking, turns back. OSCAR V.O. By his dishonored grave; Nor mark it with that blessed cross, That Christ for sinners gave, Because the man was one of those Whom Christ came down to save. Later. THE TWO YOUNG MEN sit with BOSIE and OSCAR. BOSIE deep in conversation with the good looking one. OSCAR mak valiant headway with the UGLY FRIEND. 3/11/16 95 96 97 98 99 50 INT. CONSTANCE’S HOUSE. NIGHT. 95 CYRIL, VIVIAN and CONSTANCE are looking at their Christma tree.
61) 0) text: And what a party. BOSIE and the usual FISHERMEN and SAILO are playing strip musical chairs in front of a large tree lit by candles. OSCAR plays a piano. They wear paper hats and little else. The music stops and everyone runs for a chair. INT. CONSTANCE’S HOUSE. NIGHT. 97 CONSTANCE and her children hold hands and sing a carol
62) 0) text: Mayhem. A candle falls off the Christmas tree. The music starts again. The group run around the chairs wide eyed and sweaty. A branch catches fire. The music stops and a fight breaks out between TWO FISHERMEN. OSCAR comes in to break it up. Suddenly the whole Christmas tree is engulfed by flames. INT CONSTANCE’S HOUSE. NIGHT. 99 The noise of flames becomes the rustling of paper. CYRIL unwraps a present from OSCAR, a ship in a bottle. VIVIAN hides behind a curtain.
63) 0) text: Smoke. Screams. A bucket of water is thrown. Most of it lands on OSCAR A LOCAL WOMAN bursts through the door. She is accompanied by a shy GIRL of 18 clutching a wailing baby in her arms.
63) 6) dialog: But, Signora. There are no women here.
63) 13) dialog: What on earth is going on?
63) 15) dialog: There is never credit where love is concerned, Bosie. You should know that. Felice, Caro, believe me he isn’t worth it. Shall I take that? OSCAR takes the bottle from FELICE’S hand, away. BOSIE starts to speak.
63) 16) dialog: Be silent! Now, what does he owe you?
63) 19) dialog: I said be quiet. We are rather strapped for cash at present but this should see you through until tomorrow. OSCAR gives FELICE a silver framed photograph of CONSTANC and the TWO BOYS
63) 21) dialog: Well spotted. So clever of you to notice!
63) 23) dialog: Nor the price, unfortunately. Now lets find your coat. Your wife will be getting worried. OSCAR ushers him out of the room. BOSIE, pulling up his trousers, loses his balance and crashes to the floor.
63) 25) dialog: A foolish question, I know, but why didn’t you just pay him?
63) 27) dialog: With money. Silence. BOSIE staggers to his feet.
63) 29) dialog: What do you mean, you haven’t got any? Silence. 3/11/16 54
63) 30) dialog: Well?
63) 32) dialog: What? When did this happen? Oh Christ!
63) 34) dialog: But in the mean time you imagined that wretched boy would fuck you for fun.
63) 36) dialog: Your vanity is extraordinary. The only person who ever fucked you for fun was me! And look where it got me. The dock! So that’s it then. We appear to have come to the end of the road. We’re penniless.
63) 38) dialog: Oh?
63) 40) dialog: If?
63) 42) dialog: Tip! For services rendered. To the Family. Would I get a good reference? Can I keep my cottage? (MORE )
63) 44) dialog: God, you all make me sick. Your sanctimonious mother thinks that I can be brought off for two hundred pounds. Your family has destroyed me, stripped me of everything, not least my genius. And all for two hundred pounds!
63) 46) dialog: You found me interesting enough when you were faced with blackmail.
63) 48) dialog: You are talking drivel. My father...
63) 50) dialog: Whereas YOUR father is an assassin at large!
63) 52) dialog: Barely. OSCAR collapses to a chair gasping for breath and clutchi his heart.
63) 54) dialog: It’s strange. I’ve never really looked at you before. I gave you my whole life and now I see it before me daubed in shit.
64) 0) text: A PORTER loads BOSIE’S luggage on to the train. BOSIE lea out of the window. OSCAR stands gloomily on the platform.
64) 2) dialog: I've really no idea. I suppose I may as well stay here until the lease runs out. Then I shall probably go to Paris. Who knows? At any rate we’ll be in touch. Dear boy, do you mind awfully if I don’t wait? I’m not really made for waving pocket handkerchiefs at parting trains. He turns and lumbers away down the platform waving as he goes.
64) 3) dialog: I'm too big! BOSIE watches OSCAR disappear into the crowd.
65) 0) text: OSCAR wakes. The furniture is rattling and the room is bathed in a weird glow. Through the window Vesuvius is erupting. Lava spews from the crater. OSCAR watches entranced. The door opens and CONSTANCE appears.
65) 2) dialog: Constance? Is it...
65) 4) dialog: Where are the boys? 3/11/16 105 106 107 57
65) 6) dialog: Constance, we never meant to ...
66) 0) text: OSCAR wakes and stumbles to the front door. An URCHIN hands OSCAR a telegram. INSERT TELEGRAM: Regret to inform you Constance dead. Genoa. Internment private. Robbie.
67) 0) text: A handcart is being loaded with OSCAR'S battered luggage.
68) 0) text: OSCAR looks out to sea. He turns around and walks through the bedroom. He takes the photograph of QUEEN VICTORIA fr the bedside table. He walks through the house with it, dropping the keys on the floor as he goes through the fro door. Without looking back he follows the handcart. 3/11/16 108 109 58
69) 0) text: OSCAR sits vacantly looking through the window of a third class carriage ploughing through the night. CONSTANCE V.O. Will you be coming home soon? The boys miss you terribly.
70) 0) text: CONSTANCE stands in the long hotel corridor. She has a pi of letters. OSCAR stands inside the door. He is not letti her in. Behind him a grandiose room can be seen.
70) 1) dialog: If only I could remember the address! BOSIE appears in a djellabha.
71) 0) text: CONSTANCE presides at the table. OSCAR and BOSIE either side smoking and laughing at a private joke. The TWO LITT BOYS watch silently.
72) 1) dialog: I am nothing.
73) 0) text: Snowflakes flutter from a heavy white sky past the large windows of a cafe. 3/11/16 59 OSCAR sits at a table in a shabby overcoat, lost in thought. A YOUNG MAN, (JEAN) comes into the bar with a wicker bask half full of bunches of snowdrops. He is ragged and froze
73) 2) dialog: Ah! Snowdrops. The frozen tears of God. I’1l have them all. What is your name, dear boy?
73) 4) dialog: Jean, sit with me. Have a drink to warm you up.
73) 6) dialog: I certainly do.
74) 0) text: OSCAR and JEAN are drinking absinthe.
74) 1) dialog: I used to be quite famous, you know. JEAN rolls his eyes.
74) 3) dialog: You don’t believe me but it’s true. OSCAR momentarily loses his train of thought.
74) 4) dialog: I was so famous that once I was even lowered down a mine in a bucket. 3/11/16 114 60
74) 6) dialog: The dear miners had invited me to dinner. JEAN is uneasy. OSCAR laughs. Two more glasses arrive on the table. OSCAR puts one arm around JEAN. With the other he pours water onto sugar cubes in the two glasses of Absinthe. He is a deft seducer.
74) 7) dialog: Yes, indeed. I traveled the length and breadth of the Americas. My own train. The interior, upholstered in green morocco. Your very good health! They clink glasses and drink. OSCAR’S fleshy bejeweled ha begins to crawl along JEAN’S leg. His face moves in close his voice is melodious and intimate. JEAN is mesmerized.
74) 8) dialog: I civilised America. It took quite a long time, but I think it was worth it. In the rocky mountains is a town called Leadville. I spoke to the young miners of Leadville on the need for beauty. OSCAR'S hand has arrived at JEAN’S crotch and squeezes. H eyes widen.
74) 10) dialog: Yes, I am. Quite mad. Now, ona more serious subject where did you steal those two jewels.
74) 12) dialog: Your eyes!
74) 15) dialog: Where am I? And who are you?
74) 17) dialog: Extremely glad to know you, Monsieur
74) 21) dialog: How kind. Now where is my pocket book? To his surprise, he finds it in his breast pocket. Gives note to LEON who dashes from the house. JEAN watches as OSCAR rises with difficulty from the bed.
74) 22) dialog: I'm afraid last night is rather a blur. I like your brother. JEAN starts to make up a fire in a makeshift grate.
74) 24) dialog: Ah! Family. So important. Is that your mother.
74) 26) dialog: (looking at the picture) I have two sons. JEAN comes back in with wood.
74) 28) dialog: Nothing. I’ve got quite a head. Later, LEON cooks eggs in a saucepan over a small fire at the side of the room. The BROTHERS eat, ravenously. OSCAR watches.
74) 29) dialog: (deeply touched) Shall I tell you a story? I am rather good at stories.
75) 0) text: OSCAR and the TWO BOYS walk through the snowy lanes of th Parisian favela.
76) 0) text: Snow turns to rain. A summer downpour. The street glitter and steams. The terrace is packed. OSCAR, penniless, sits at a table and nurses the remains of a drink. Later, he is talking to an ENGLISH VICAR and HIS FRIEND, holding forth, as the bill arrives. OSCAR beams as they p and leave. Later he is alone looking at the rain. WAITERS watch him from inside the bar. 3/11/16 63 Suddenly the awning in front of the bar is cranked back, huge deluge of water falls on OSCAR. The WAITERS laugh. A very drunk OSCAR sits in the pouring rain. His hat is drenched. People stare as they go past and he waves pathetically. ROBBIE ROSS walks by. OSCAR sees him
76) 1) dialog: Robbie! Stop a moment. Please! ROBBIE turns back. He is under an umbrella.
76) 3) dialog: I have spent all my ready cash on youth and beauty, and I cannot pay. Do help me Robbie. Please ROBBIE is shocked by OSCAR’S state
77) 0) text: ROBBIE and OSCAR sit. OSCAR, exceedingly drunk, calls the WAITER.
77) 1) dialog: Like dear St. Francis, I am wedded to poverty. Only in my case, the marriage is not a success. Robbie, you are naughty. How long have you been here? (to waiter) How much do we owe you?
77) 4) dialog: Its been a long day. Do you have twelve francs or not, dear?
77) 6) dialog: Once again I am in your debt. (to waiter) Absinthe. Two. Bobbie I have missed you so much. Months of punitive silence. Naples was, as you so accurately predicted, a disaster. ROBBIE smiles despite himself.
77) 7) dialog: It seems as though I am always asking for it, but do I have your forgiveness?
77) 9) dialog: Oh, dear boy so cruel!
77) 11) dialog: Oh, Robbie, what an uncompromising curtain raiser. The ruined woman hardly knows how to react. Should I leave the room, or should I fall again into your arms? Of course Bobbie, you silly little thing I shall never forgive myself for being born! 118 EXT. STREETS AND HOTEL D’ALSACE. NIGHT. 118 OSCAR and ROBBIE walk back to the Hotel. ROBBIE has to support OSCAR who stumbles and weaves.
77) 12) dialog: To think that I have wasted so much time, sacrificed everything, for a person who was quite simply not my style. However. Now I have a young panther who quite twists my lips with kisses...
77) 14) dialog: With a little brother of thirteen who enjoys my stories. They live together at Clignacourt The little one has the consumption and sells matches. You shall meet them. They are quite charming.
77) 16) dialog: Lost in the mist, dear boy. I am a vampire. I lurk in the noon shadows, blanched by sunlight, but at dusk I bloom, a deadly nightshade that kills with a kiss. Sometimes they see me. The old friends. Leaving a cafe. Under a lamp. Getting off the omnibus, and I see them, their faces twisted with terror and disgust, as though the gates of hell suddenly gaped before them. It’s really quite amusing.
77) 18) dialog: Most successful. Most brilliant. Most promising. Most ambitious. Most cruel. Most sorrowful. Most dangerous. Most disgusting. Words! Words! Words are irrelevant. Do you think I’m going mad?
77) 20) dialog: No. I am going mad. I shall never write again, Bobbie. I don’t need to. A life of squalor has been revealed to me. I embrace it.
77) 22) dialog: And linoleum and indescribable wallpaper. But let us not squabble like two disgruntled housemaids. Let us rather black our grates with a light heart and chatter about our betters. Bosie, we hear, has come into twenty thousand pounds. He arrives next week. I thought I might touch him for a tiny pour boire when I dine with him. What do you say?
77) 24) dialog: Typical. He knows absolutely nothing about horses and yet he always manages to back the loser. (suddenly coy) Will you come up, Robbie?
77) 26) dialog: Did I hurt you terribly? THE TWO MEN look at each other. Finally.
77) 28) dialog: Then until tomorrow. We shall have moules. Good night dear boy. OSCAR goes into the Hotel.
78) 0) text: An ill assorted group. ROBBIE, OSCAR, BOSIE and his lates conquest. OSCAR is blotchy and covered with grease.
78) 4) dialog: I was poisoned by a moule last week when Robbie arrived. I have had mysterious skin ever since.
78) 6) dialog: Thank you, my dear. But let us talk of more cheerful things! Your fathers death, for example. How did it go?
78) 8) dialog: As in life!
78) 11) dialog: Well I, at least, have outlived my nemesis, although I am more or less starving at the moment.
78) 13) dialog: A magnificent treat. And at the moment, sadly all too rare. Bosie dear, this brings me rather neatly to an awkward point...
78) 15) dialog: But dear boy, you have just inherited twenty thousand pounds, have you not? Surely you do not wish to see me on the street?
78) 21) dialog: Ah. The Pudding trolley. (to the YOUNG MAN) I see your little eyes light up. What shall we have? Robbie, dear, you'll burst a hemorrhoid. It was only a passing thought...
78) 25) dialog: Have you told Bosie?
78) 27) dialog: You must. If anything happens...
78) 29) dialog: Is it really necessary, Dr. Tucker? I feel perfectly well, you know.
78) 31) dialog: Is that you Maurice? Come here immediately and ravish me!
78) 33) dialog: Medium, dear, rather medium. DR TUCKER puts a thermometer in OSCAR’S mouth. The door opens and REGGIE comes in wearing an overcoat, carrying a travelling bag.
78) 40) dialog: (to ROBBIE) When are you leaving?
78) 44) dialog: Reggie. Dr. Tucker. Would you excuse us for a moment. EVERYONE is surprised. ROBBIE and REGGIE exchange looks.
78) 46) dialog: Reggie, please!
78) 49) dialog: Oh, Robbie. I shall never see you again.
78) 51) dialog: Robbie, don’t go. Stay a little longer. Surely your mother can spare you...
78) 53) dialog: I shall never see you again. I know it. Hold me dearest boy. Just for a minute. I’m so afraid. Renewed sobs. ROBBIE sits on the bed and puts his arms ar OSCAR.
78) 56) dialog: Really? ROBBIE untangles himself from OSCAR who sits in his bed looking down and crying quietly. ROBBIE opens the door. REGGIE and DR. TUCKER come in.
78) 59) dialog: (blowing his nose) No drinking. ROBBIE kisses OSCAR on the lips, holds his hands. Goes to door. OSCAR looks like an abandoned dog, but tries to put on a brave face. 3/11/16 124 125 73
78) 60) dialog: Robbie darling, try to finda little cup in the hills above Nice where I might go to recuperate and be near you.
78) 64) dialog: I know. Can you believe it? One poisonous moule four months ago and I’ve been in and out of bed ever since. Dear boy, behind the commode you will find a bottle of champagne. Open it, and lets drink to your arrival.
78) 66) dialog: Of course we shouldn’t. You have crossed the water for a treasured friend. There are glasses under the bed. REGGIE opens the champagne. OSCAR clutches at his stomach groans as he tries to sit up.
78) 68) dialog: (uneasy) Yes, in a way. Robbie has left me some divine note books in which to scribble beautiful thoughts, but unfortunately I haven’t had any this year. (MORE )
78) 70) dialog: I will tell you a terrible secret - don’t tell Robbie, please Reggie, there’s a dear. REGGIE pours champagne. OSCAR leans towards him and whisp
78) 71) dialog: I have sold the play to three different individuals, and I haven't written a single word. Rather clever, don’t you think? There is nothing like an Irish beggar, once he gets into his stride.
78) 73) dialog: Die! I am paralysed by dark thoughts. Sometimes I wonder. Is it a moule? It could be something else. Oh God!
78) 75) dialog: Why did Constance die? Why have I become so mad? Reggie, my brain has crashed and shattered. Is this... OSCAR is trembling. REGGIE takes his hand.
78) 78) dialog: Do you see the hell in which I live? Robbie wants me to write a play and I am wrestling with my soul, Reggie. I cannot write a play. 3/11/16 75
79) 0) text: OSCAR, REGGIE and MAURICE drive through the park. Autumn leaves fall. The sky is white and blustery.
79) 1) dialog: What does it profit a man to gain the whole world and lose his own soul?
79) 3) dialog: I was driving through the park, one Sunday, years ago, and close by Marble Arch there stood a little crowd of shabby looking people listening to some vulgar street preacher. As I passed by, I heard the man yelling out that question to his audience. It struck me as being rather dramatic. A wet Sunday, an uncouth Christian in a macintosh, a ring of sickly white faces under a broken roof of dripping umbrellas, anda wonderful phrase flung into the air by shrill hysterical lips. It was really very good in its way. The THREE MEN laugh. OSCAR is proud of his memory.
79) 5) dialog: Isn't it extraordinary. I can’t think what happened last week. One’s whole life is a blur. All that remains, clear, black and white, carved in stone, are the words. (MORE )
79) 7) dialog: Words written on pages under long forgotten moons. Shall we stop off for a drink on the way back?
79) 9) dialog: Dr. Tucker is a quack! That is the secret of his success. Come on, Reggie. I’m feeling so much better. Just not being cooped up in that terrible room is an elixir!
80) 0) text: REGGIE and MAURICE help OSCAR into the bar. A WAITER comes to the table.
80) 2) dialog: Absinthe, Henri. Three.
80) 4) dialog: Fuck off, Reggie. One last drink before I die! A COUPLE raise their glasses to OSCAR. This is his local everyone is happy to see him back.
80) 5) dialog: (to the WAITER) Have you seen the boys?
80) 8) dialog: Oh yes I am dear boy. It is November. I shall not outlive the century. The English would never permit it. 3/11/16 129 77 THE COUPLE have appeared and sit down. OSCAR makes introductions as drinks arrive and more are ordered. A MA enters the bar and greets OSCAR loudly. OSCAR waves grand back. CcuT TO Later, through the window of the bar, the last impromptu party is getting out of control. OSCAR is surrounded, hol forth for the last time. More drinks arrive. REGGIE, deep conversation with MAURICE, is unconcerned. INT. HOTEL D’ALSACE. BEDROOM. NIGHT. 129 REGGIE and MAURICE undress a drunken OSCAR. A good deal o laughter. Finally OSCAR is tucked up in bed and sneezes loudly followed by a fart. More hilarity. REGGIE and MAUR tidy up and flirt. There is a knock on the door.
80) 11) dialog: Boys! What a marvellous surprise. Sit down and have a glass of champagne. OSCAR pats the side of his bed, and the TWO BROTHERS ging sit down. Introductions are made.
80) 12) dialog: And how is life on the boulevard? All well in the underworld?
80) 17) dialog: You see, Reggie, more creditors to add to our list. I am dying beyond my means! Dear boys, you shall have the story, we shall have champagne, cocaine, and perhaps one last mauve moment for me.... Everyone groans.
80) 18) dialog: It was a joke! Now sit down everyone and we'll begin. Where was
80) 21) dialog: The two emeralds. Let me see. ‘It is winter’ said the swallow. ‘In Egypt the sun is warm. My companions are building a nest in the Temple of Baalbec and pink and white doves are watching them and cooing softly to each other. Dear Prince, I must leave you, but I will never forget you and next spring I shall bring you back two beautiful jewels in place of those you have given away. Turn down the gaslight would you Reggie? In the light from the fire the group settles down. REGGIE sits on a small sofa next to MAURICE, and the TWO BROTHER the end of the bed. LEON begins to cough. There is blood. REGGIE, horrified, covers his mouth with a handkerchief.
80) 22) dialog: ‘In the square below,’ said the Happy Prince,’ there stands a little match boy. His matches have fallen in the gutter, and they are all spoiled. His sisters will beat him if he does not bring home some money, and he is crying. He has no shoes or stockings and his little head is bare. Pluck out my emerald eyes and give them to him, and his sisters will not beat him. Everyone listens. Eyes glitter in the firelight. REGGIE’S hand is stroking MAURICE’S leg Later REGGIE is asleep, his head on MAURICE’S shoulder. T others are nodding off. Only LEON listens intently. 3/11/16 79
80) 23) dialog: Then the swallow came back to the Prince. ‘You are blind now,’ he said, ‘ so I will stay with you always.‘ Then the snow came, and after the snow came the frost. At last the swallow knew that he was going to die.
80) 25) dialog: He had just enough strength to fly up to the Prince’s shoulder once more. ‘Goodbye dear Prince!’ He murmured. ‘I am glad you are going to Egypt little swallow.’ Said the Prince. 131 INT. HOTEL D’ALSACE BEDROOM. NIGHT. 1900. 131 OSCAR gasps, lost suddenly in memory.
80) 26) dialog: It is not to Egypt I am going. It is to the house of death. Death is the brother of sleep, is he not?’ And he kissed the Happy Prince on the lips and fell down dead at his feet. Silence. OSCAR looks around.
80) 27) dialog: The disciples sleep. The end is nigh. OSCAR sneezes extravagantly. The sound of distant applause. He smiles.
81) 0) text: OSCAR and his TWO SONS watch a performance of ‘The Import Of Being Earnest’ from a box.
81) 8) dialog: Tommorrow. I promise.
81) 10) dialog: And tomorrow and tomorrow! OSCAR eyes fill with tears.
81) 12) dialog: Reggie. The boys!
81) 14) dialog: I’m sorry. Awfully sorry. So many broken hearts. (MORE )
81) 16) dialog: They will have to live with it. For ever. World without end. 81 THE BOYS fade away. The room contracts. OSCAR has a massi stroke. He looks wildly at REGGIE, mistakes him for a wai and gestures feebly.
81) 17) dialog: Garcon, encore du champagne! INT. HOTEL D’ALSACE. CORRIDOR. NIGHT. ROBBIE and REGGIE are outside OSCAR’S room.
82) 18) dialog: (barely a whisper) Clapham Junction.
83) 0) text: OSCAR in prison uniform, handcuffed to a guard sits on a bench waiting for a train. He is surrounded by a jeering crowd. FR. DUNNE V.O. Jesus Christ was nailed to the cross at Golgotha so that your sins may be forgiven. On the third day he rose again.
84) 0) text: OSCAR convulses. ROBBIE and REGGIE hold him down.
85) 0) text: A BURLY MAN spits on OSCAR’S face in slow motion. The CRO laugh and others follow suit. INT. HOTEL D’ALSACE BEDROOM. NIGHT. 142 FR DUNNE stands up and anoints OSCAR. OSCAR'S face is covered in tears.
85) 10) dialog: So they pulled down the statue of the Happy Prince. ‘As he is no longer beautiful he is no longer useful’ said the art professor at the university. Then they melted the statue in a furnace. We float from the bed, through QUEEN VICTORIA, and the ro of STIFF COURTIERS, through a door and outside into daylight. OSCAR V.O. What a strange thing’ said the overseer of the workmen at the foundry. ‘This broken lead heart will not melt. We must throw it away. So they threw it on a dust heap where the dead swallow was also lying.
87) 0) text: ROBBIE is on board looking back towards France as the boa pulls out of the fog bound harbour and disappears into th green haze. OSCAR V.O. ‘Bring me the two most precious things in the city’ said God to one of his angels and the angel brought him the leaden heart and the dead bird.’ You have rightly chosen’ said God ‘ for in my garden of paradise this little bird shall sing for ever more and in my city of gold the Happy Prince shall praise me. 3/11/16 149 89