15) 2) dialog: Well, well, well! If it isn’t Sebastian Melmoth. Dear boy, what an absolute joy. REGGIE TURNER, a portly Brigadier with a handsome moustac leaps from a chair. He hugs OSCAR and then takes him by t arm, leading him towards the reception counter.
15) 3) dialog: Is this your first time in Dieppe, Sebastian? What fun! Let me introduce you immediately to our dear friend the Manager. Ring, ring, ring bangs REGGIE on the desk. THE HOTEL MANAGER arrives with a servile smile.
15) 4) dialog: Melmoth, this is M Duroc. Look after Mr. Melmoth, would you? The best room, and all that. I'’11 leave you to it, Are you lunching? Before OSCAR can answer REGGIE leaves. THE MANAGER proffers the registration book for OSCAR to sign.
15) 9) dialog: Darling Oscar! How do you like your new name?
15) 11) dialog: And look! No exiled fairy’s toilet is complete without a signed portrait of the great Widow herself. You must dance naked before it during the jubilee next month.
15) 15) dialog: Well, he’s in Paris, and determined to see you.
16) 1) dialog: From what you say, Oscar, it would seem that Reading Gaol is an enchanted castle with the Governor as its presiding elf.
16) 3) dialog: What was she in for?
16) 6) dialog: Only unlike dear Jesus you have luggage and eight hundred pounds to spend before your ascension into heaven.
17) 0) text: OSCAR, REGGIE, ROBBIE are served a sumptuous lunch. A PRETTY WAITER bends over the table. OSCAR’S eyes briefl alight on his apron wrapped posterior. After the boy has gone everybody laughs. OSCAR is slightly indignant. OSCAR V.O. My desire to live, dearest Constance, is as intense as ever, and though my heart is broken, hearts are made to be broken. OSCAR gestures grandly for more champagne.
19) 6) dialog: Ah there you are, Oscar. We’re late. They’re waiting for us. He takes a frozen OSCAR by the arm and leads him away before the situation has time to escalate. ROBBIE follows
20) 1) dialog: Are you alright, Oscar?
20) 3) dialog: Lets go back to the Hotel THE ENGLISH MEN appear around the corner whooping and laughing. 3/11/16 37 38 22
20) 6) dialog: This is intolerable OSCAR, REGGIE and ROBBIE quicken their pace. The chase is on. They duck down an alleyway. THE UNDERGRADUATES stampede round the corner, baying and yelping like hounds. They are intensely amused. One has picked up a branch and is banging it against dust bins an doorways. OSCAR ROBBIE and REGGIE are running now. Across a graveyard. Through a gate. THE UNDERGRADUATES are getting closer. Jumping over the graveyard wall, laughing and shrieking. OSCAR, REGGIE and ROBBIE turn into a lane. It is a dead end. Sweating and panting, they are literally up against the wall. THE UNDERGRADUATES surge around the corner. There is no escape.
21) 4) dialog: I didn’t know you had it in you.
22) 0) text: ROBBIE and REGGIE are in the hall. THE MANAGER stiffly gives them a letter.
22) 3) dialog: Oh dear! Its from the Chief of Police. You read it. ROBBIE opens it.
22) 5) dialog: Well, don’t show him now, for God’s sake! In his current mood he could set fire to the Hotel! Thank Christ I’m leaving tomorrow. The go upstairs, arm in arm.
22) 6) dialog: You be careful, Robbie. He’1l eat you.
78) 34) dialog: Nurse Turner reporting for duty. Everyone is momentarily lifted. ROBBIE and REGGIE hug. DR TUCKER claps REGGIE on the back, and OSCAR’S eyes bulge w pleasure.
78) 36) dialog: How is the patient?
78) 38) dialog: Darling Oscar.
78) 42) dialog: Are you meeting your mother at the station?
78) 45) dialog: But Oscar, I’ve just arrived.
78) 63) dialog: Oscar, you old fraud. You look perfectly well.
78) 65) dialog: We shouldn’t really.
78) 67) dialog: Poor darling! But I hear you are doing a new play.
78) 72) dialog: But what will you do when the time comes to deliver it?
78) 74) dialog: What? OSCAR is overwhelmed, and puts his hand on his ear.
78) 76) dialog: What, Oscar? From OSCAR'S point of view the room is suddenly enormous. CONSTANCE appears in the distance. She walks towards the singing. She is young and beautiful and regards OSCAR lovingly.
78) 79) dialog: (kind but firm) Of course you can. You must! Now come on, Oscar. Pull yourself together. The doctor says in a few days we may take you out for a drive. You see? We’re going to have a lovely time.
79) 0) text: OSCAR, REGGIE and MAURICE drive through the park. Autumn leaves fall. The sky is white and blustery.
79) 2) dialog: What? Why do you ask?
79) 4) dialog: That’s marvellous Oscar. Do you remember everything you’ve written?
79) 8) dialog: You know what Dr. Tucker said.
79) 10) dialog: I couldn't agree with you more. But just one.
80) 0) text: REGGIE and MAURICE help OSCAR into the bar. A WAITER comes to the table.
80) 3) dialog: Oscar!
80) 7) dialog: You are not dying, Oscar.
80) 9) dialog: Who could it be at this hour? MAURICE opens the door. JEAN and LEON come into the room. They each have a bunch of flowers.
80) 10) dialog: (to himself) Christ! Are we to be spared nothing?
81) 11) dialog: Oscar?
81) 13) dialog: Which ones? Maurice? Bosie?
81) 18) dialog: Thank God you’ve come back. Yesterday she decided I was a waiter.
81) 20) dialog: God knows. He hasn’t spoken. And now the Doctor says he can’t last more than forty eight hours.
81) 22) dialog: Oh! Should I have?
84) 0) text: OSCAR convulses. ROBBIE and REGGIE hold him down.
85) 5) dialog: It’s going to be a beautiful day. ROBBIE sits down beside the bed, and puts his head in his hands. In the silence a deep uneven rattle, like the clanking of treadmill, comes from OSCAR’S open mouth. The TWO MEN loo up. The deathbed vigil begins. ROBBIE and REGGIE sit by the bed patiently watching. The only sound is OSCAR’S rattling breath.
85) 7) dialog: Oh, God, how much longer?
86) 0) text: A Coffin slides out of a hearse. It is carried through a shabby Cemetery and placed in an open grave. ROBBIE and BOSIE, REGGIE, JEAN, LEON, MAURICE and Mr DUPOIRIER stand by the grave. FR DUNNE incants the committal litany. BOSIE is sobbing hysterically.
86) 8) dialog: Bobbie!
86) 11) dialog: Stop it, Bosie!