0) 2) dialog: Not in the budget. And not to                         *
0) 5) dialog: (matter of fact) Health code. In the kitchen or around the cookie, you gotta have it.
0) 9) dialog: You're a thing of beauty.     In three, two, one. . . Bruce SNAPS from pissed to instant charismatic TV newsman (Note: Whenever Bruce speaks on camera he speaks in his "REPORTER'S VOICE" - that recognizable, too-smooth delive that all news reporters seem to have. In mathematical ter Bruce's version is to the 7th power.)
8) 1) text: Bruce looks at the sign quizzically for a beat, then continues on.
9) 5) text: You know, contrary to popular belief the quiche was actually invented by the Mayans, then stolen by the French. They shoulda said, "Hey, that quiche ain't yours, it's Mayan!" Bobby belts out a laugh. BRUCE
9) 8) text: Mmm, delicious, I really gotta go. BOBBY
9) 15) text: Really? BOBBY
10) 2) text: Is something killing your kids? Find out tonight at eleven. Bruce looks at the sign quizzically for a beat, then continues on.
10) 5) text: Okay, promos are approved, let's-- ALLY
10) 9) text: Attack of the killer sniffles? ALLY
10) 15) text: I would have swore I already said this, but promos are approved. Now                  * can we move on?                                     * ALLY
10) 21) text: And that's the way the cookie crumbles. The others chuckle. Only Ally remains sympathetic. EVAN
10) 25) text: Is you're posture naturally that good, or do you have to shove a stick up there? JACK
13) 13) text: This is happening for us, Grace. What we've always talked about. Jack practically came out and told me. Grace quickly switches gears.   She experienced the prema celebration before. GRACE
13) 14) text: Wait, what do you mean practically? BRUCE
13) 17) text: I totally agree, but in the mean time you should start thinking about what coast you want to live on. Ally interrupts, indicating the time. BRUCE
14) 0) text: Ally hustles Bruce toward the bow of the boat, as he plac his ear piece. ALLY
14) 2) text: What for? I'll get soaked. ALLY
14) 3) text: That's the point.    They want you to hold up this. She hands Bruce a very stupid looking, blue "falls" shape UMBRELLA with the MAID OF THE MIST INSIGNIA. ALLY
14) 7) text: And people who are insanely                    '     * thirsty, I get it.                                   * ALLY
14) 8) text: And you'll be interviewing Irene Dansfeild... She positions A VERY, VERY OLD WOMAN next to Bruce. ALLY
14) 17) text: Pete's shoes are virtually impossible to fill, but the show must go on. And we could think of no one better than our very own Evan Baxter.
14) 21) text: Thanks, Susan. I ' m thrilled and honored. Like you said, no one can replace the great Pete Fineman, but I'll do my best. I have to say I am so proud to be a part of our local community. Of Buffalo. I think a great city is a lot like a great recipe really. Put in some hard working citizens, add some care givers, maybe a few nuts... The other news anchors and Evan himself chuckle at "his" joke. Bruce listens on the feed, beyond stunned. EVAN (CONT'D)
15) 0) text: Bruce stands like a deer in headlights, drenched, holding ridiculous umbrella. Ally sig nals Bruce he's on. He star into camera, numb.
34) 12) text: Honey, you're mad right now. It's understandable. And what Evan did was slimy and wrong. But your job doesn't matter to me. You matter to me. You could've really been hurt. I'm just glad you're okay. BRUCE
36) 0) text: Bruce stumbles out, surveys his demolished car, then look the beads in his hands. He begins to laugh maniacally. He spots the lake, starts running toward it like a madman HEAVES THE PRAYER BEADS INTO THE LAKE. He looks heavenwar challenging the Infinite. BRUCE
37) 0) text: Bruce wakes, slaps at the alarm clock, groggy, reaches fo the phone, finally realizes it's the beeper. He gets up, begrudgingly, checks it. The same number.
43) 16) text: . . . thinkin' they can hide from me. The two stand, angelically illuminated.    Bruce tries to everything together. BRUCE
43) 35) text: Now this last entry was a little disturbing. He thumps the file cabinet with his fist and the drawer dramatically sucks closed, DRAGGING BRUCE BACK. The Janit reads from the file. JANITOR
43) 43) text: Oh, you're God. Well that explains everything1 That's how you know everything about me. That's how you got up to the seventh floor so quickly. (placating) Well, it's really nice to meet you. Thanks for the Grand Canyon and, ah, good luck with the apocalypse. Bruce turns to leave, BUT FINDS HIMSELF WALKING RIGHT TOW GOD AND HIS DESK. He tries again, and again. BRUCE
43) 44) text: Okay, I don't know how you're doing that, but I really gotta go. This place is obviously rigged in some way. We're on some freaky hidden camera show. (playing to the "cameras") ...for which I will not sign a release, by the way! But you know what, I'd be a little more impressed if you didn't use the cheesy file cabinet illusion. (MORE)
46) 6) text: Vete l Ve tel Bruce's car peels out on it's own, he struggles to contro the wheel, finally pulling over to a curb. His car door won't open so he has to crawl out of the driver's window. He rushes onto the sidewalk, backing away from his normal looking Tauras. Not knowing what to do, he slips into a diner.
47) 1) text: It isn't real, it isn't real, it isn't real... An older. Sally Kirkland-type WAITRESS, order pad in hand stands listening to Bruce with a raised eyebrow. BRUCE
49) 5) text: I know. It's just that he usually calls during the day. DEBBIE
53) 10) text: It's a totally new breed. A cross pollination between tulips and Daisies. I call them Todayzees. GRACE
55) 0) text: Bruce breezes through, casually instructs the stereo as h passes. BRUCE
56) 4) text: Wow, it really cleared up. I've never seen the moon that big. Bruce puts his arms around Grace from behind.
57) 0) text: Grace grabs a neglige from the drawer, heads into the bathroom. Bruce enters, adjusts the ambience of the room, BLOWS THE LIGHTS OUT with a quick puff of air, LIGHTS CAN with a gesture. His clothes magically fall away.
64) 0) text: Bruce turns the corner into bumper to bumper traffic. No problem, the traffic magically opens up for him, cars instantly swerving right and left clearing a path for Bru He waves as he passes. BRUCE
65) 14) text: It LOCKS AUTOMATICALLY.   The CAMERAMAN yanks at the door CAMERAMAN
65) 15) text: It's locked and the keys are inside I Bruce casually turns his camera on, gives Phil a "tough break" look, heads for the scene, as Phil and his crew scramble around the van.
67) 13) text: I'm really not interested.
67) 19) text: No, I really- no...
69) 24) text: I mean, I'm not really qualified. Evan's hair IGNITES.
74) 2) text: And the mood seems to be catching o. . . n WIDE SHOT of the enclosure - PANDA'S are coupled off and humping everywhere. Mothers are frantically covering children's eyes, ushering them away from the exhibit.
79) 0) text: Bruce finishes running a bath, gets into the tub but SLIP is UNABLE TO SINK and ends up sliding around ON THE WATER like on a sheet of glass. He tries to break through, can' Then, he concentrates and finally LOWERS INTO THE WATER.
80) 0) text: Bruce dramatically finishes the national anthem.
81) 0) text: A Mob of photographers flash photos like crazy, as Bruce stands casually with his arm around BIGFOOT.
87) 1) text: Really something isn't it? God sits down next to Bruce. BRUCE
87) 20) text: You know, I actually had the crazy idea that you were going to ask me to marry you tonight. GOD
98) 6) text: Really?
100) 13) text: We'll have the money. Listen to me closely. I'm getting anchor. Then, I'm going to get spotted, offers will come flooding in to go national, and then you and I are moving to New York City to a place that will put this to shame. This has been my exact dream my whole life and it's finally going to happen. Every step just how I pictured it. Grace just stares at Bruce. GRACE
101) 33) text: Really? SUSAN
108) 20) text: Wait. Bruce DRAMATICALLY RAISES A HAND TOWARD GRACE, like putti love spell on her. BRUCE
111) 14) text: (flustered) Oh, really. . . that's nice. JACK