0) 0) text: A news crew shuttles around a GIGANTIC COOKIE. Standing b are the KOWOLSKI BROTHERS, GUSTOV and VOL, two SHORT, STO MEN, along with MOTHER KOWOLSKI and other bakery family employees. A "30 YEAR ANNIVERSARY" sign hangs in the background. BRUCE NOLAN looks into a make-up mirror, desperately tryi to place a large segment of wayward hair.
0) 1) dialog: Oh, God, no! The hair's wrong. This is a bad sign. (calling out) We really need to get a make-up person?! The segment producer, ALLY LOMAN, steps over.
0) 4) dialog: A hair net? I'm not wearing a hair net. I just did the hair.
0) 6) dialog: (to crew: re hair net) You guy's should tell me this before hand, this is like a huge waste of...moose. Bruce spreads the hair net, bends down out of frame, come looking ridiculous and very disgruntled.
0) 7) dialog: Remind me to swing by an elementary                   * school after this and serve lunch. Ally laughs.
0) 10) dialog: For three decades the Kowolski Family Bakery has been a mainstay in downtown Buffalo. Known for their sinfully rich, cream filled, deep fried polski pierogis. And the occasional sugar induced coma that follows. Today, in honor of their 30 year anniversary, Momma Kowolski and her sons Gustov and Vol, decided to do something, a little bit different. Tell me guys, how did this idea come about?
0) 12) dialog: Wow. Fascinating. Bruce steps up to the HUGE COOKIE.
0) 13) dialog: The previous Buffalo cookie record was 3 feet, 17 inches baked by Gladys Pelsnick. But this behemoth cookie clearly proving that Gustov and Vol have much more free time. The Kowolski brothers and all celebrate in the background toasting with big mugs of milk. Bruce steps forward, look dramatically at camera, slow zoom in as he speaks.
0) 14) dialog: As we witness the ceremonial toasting with milk it makes one pause and think. What are we really looking at here?
0) 17) dialog: Is it just a big cookie or does this cookie represent the pride of Buffalo? Our dedicated and hard working citizens the key ingredient, with a few nuts thrown in. (motions his eyes to the Kowolski twins) And finally, the love of our families which provides the warm chewy center making our beloved Buffalo the sweetest place to live. Camera is in CLOSE as Bruce signs-off.
0) 18) dialog: And that's the way the cookie crumbles. I'm Bruce Nolan, Eyewitness News. Bruce's hair net SLIPS UP, PUFFING HIS HAIR INTO A BUN ON TOP OF HIS HEAD. The Kowolskis and bystanders all laugh. The frame FREEZES. We PULL BACK from the TV and find Bruce holding the remot watching the recorded spot on TV. We are now...
1) 0) text: Bruce is with his longtime girlfriend, GRACE. She has a b of photos on the coffee table in front of her organizing into a photo album.
1) 1) dialog: So, what do you think?
1) 3) dialog: It sucks. It's a story about a cookie. People with eating disorders will be riveted, (goes into huge pathetic fan character) Dear Bruce, love the bakery piece. I can't wait to vomit so I can make room for more cookies.
1) 6) dialog: What? I'm cutting that. They made me wear that stupid thing. I don't even look like myself. The hair is one of the most important parts of an on camera persona. Right out of the gate, I lost the hair advantage. Grace looks at a photo,
1) 8) dialog: Grace. Try to stay focused here. I need your help.
1) 10) dialog: It's sweeps Grace. It is serious. There's an anchor job open. This is important. This is our future! Bruce points to the TV as he says "future," not realizing he's pointing at the ridiculous image of himself with the hair net bun. Grace can't help but giggle.
1) 12) dialog: (sighs) I'm never going to get anchor doing these kind of assignments. I want my work to matter.
1) 14) dialog: (reluctant) Alright. Grace holds up a photo.
1) 16) dialog: (down) Yeah, so full of hopes and dreams.
1) 18) dialog: You look pretty intense, hun.
1) 20) dialog: So, you're attracted to me in some way, is that what you're trying to say? Grace rolls over onto Bruce.
1) 22) dialog: I was saving myself for the wedding night, but if you keep this up, I may lose my resolve. Grace stands, pulling Bruce up.
1) 25) dialog: Hey, that's a good line, but you need more resonance. From the diaphragm. (newscaster voice) That's the way the cookie crumbles.
1) 27) dialog: (bigger) That's the way the cookie crumbles.
1) 29) dialog: (newscaster voice) Well then, let me take these clothes off and slip into my hair net. Grace laughs, Bruce joins in as they disappear into the bedroom.
1) 33) dialog: ...Bruce Nolan. And this is Sixty Minutes.
2) 0) text: Bruce lies next to Grace with a big smile on his face. Gr hits the alarm, rolls over snuggling close to Bruce.
2) 2) dialog: No, I'm having a great dream. The covers are RIPPED OUT OF FRAME.   Bruce throws a mock hissy fit.
3) 0) text: Bruce watches TV as he buttons his shirt.
3) 2) dialog: Of course they lost, they're my team.
3) 5) dialog: "And that's the way the cookie crumbles." (calls to Grace) You know, I think there might be something to that cookie line. Everything great anchor has his own signature sign-off. (as Walter Cronkite) "And that's the way the cookie crumbles."
3) 8) dialog: Oh no!   Grace, the dog!
3) 10) dialog: Ah!
4) 0) text: Bruce runs along carrying the peeing Sam with extended ar dodges a man ascending the stares, who gets sprinkled.
4) 1) dialog: Whoops, sorry.
5) 0) text: Bruce makes it outside, sets Sam down on the grass. Sam looks up innocently at Bruce, finished.
5) 1) dialog: Oh, you're all done, huh? B-e-a-utiful.
6) 0) text: Bruce pulls up in his Ford Tauras to a cluster of cars unloading kids. A 2003 MERCEDES SRL passes by.
6) 2) dialog: Yeah, if you want to rub your success in people's faces. Then Bruce notices a big medical van in front of the scho with a BLOOD DRIVE SIGN.
6) 3) dialog: What's with the hubbub?
6) 5) dialog: Creepy. Needles, yech...
6) 8) dialog: I mean, it's just s o . . .
6) 10) dialog: C'mon, that's your...blood. It's in your body and I don't think it's supposed to come out. Besides, they stockpile that stuff. They have an endless supply frozen in a warehouse somewhere then tell everyone there's a shortage.
6) 12) dialog: Well, I'm IB positive. IB positive they aint touchin' me with no needle. Grace sighs in exasperation, starts out when...
6) 14) dialog: What's that?
6) 16) dialog: Well, I hope they work, cause it's going take a miracle to get me to work on time.
7) 0) text: Bruce is stuck in bumper to bumper traffic. He stares at prayer beads with a "thanks alot" look.
7) 2) dialog: This is just my luck. Bruce's BEEPER sounds.      He checks it.
7) 3) dialog: The meeting's starting, perfect... (thinks)
7) 5) dialog: (laughs) Catch you later, lemmings 1 It's kill or be killed, only the strong survive, no guts, no glory1
7) 7) dialog: (looking heavenward)
8) 0) text: Bruce screeches into a space, races out of the car, bumpi over a trash can, goes back to pick it up, sees a HOMELES MAN who sits peacefully next to a paint bucket and sign boards. The various "warnings" change daily. Today's SIGN reads: R EWE BLIND?
8) 1) text: Bruce looks at the sign quizzically for a beat, then continues on.
9) 0) text: Bruce rushes through the newsroom, rounds a corner and ru right into BOBBY, the endlessly yammering PASTRY CART GUY
9) 2) text: Bruce the goose! Morning, Buddy. Don't even move, I got somethin' special today. My mom made it just for you. BRUCE
9) 5) text: You know, contrary to popular belief the quiche was actually invented by the Mayans, then stolen by the French. They shoulda said, "Hey, that quiche ain't yours, it's Mayan!" Bobby belts out a laugh. BRUCE
9) 7) text: Just taste it, taste it... Bobby shoves a bite into Bruce's mouth. Bruce feigns liki it with exasperation. BRUCE
9) 9) text: That's a buck seventy-five. BRUCE
9) 10) text: Can you get Kelly- Ahh... Bruce tosses the thought, digs into his pocket, fishing f cash. BOBBY
9) 13) text: Way out of our league, huh? Bruce offers his money to Bobby. BOBBY
9) 14) text: You know, I saw them editing your cookie piece. BRUCE
9) 16) text: They must have gotten high or something, cause they was orderin' everything, I had. Hey, how long have you been interested in pastry? 'Cause I've got an aunt who makes baklava twenty layers deep. BRUCE
9) 18) text: (gets a brilliant idea) Maybe you could do a story on her! Bruce tosses the money on the cart, heads off. BRUCE
10) 2) text: Is something killing your kids? Find out tonight at eleven. Bruce looks at the sign quizzically for a beat, then continues on.
10) 18) text: Evan, you'11 know something when I know something. Bruce bursts into the room. The meeting stops. Jack doesn need to say anything, he just looks at his watch. BRUCE
10) 20) text: Nice story, Bruce, but we're going with Evan's piece on the sex scandal at the mayor's office for sweeps. This hits Bruce hard. A beat of silence. EVAN
10) 22) text: I'm just messin' with you, Bruce. See you've got to remember that the news room is like a cookie... More laughs. BRUCE
10) 26) text: Okay, knock it off... Bruce we're holding your story in reserve. Now, can we get back to the board so we have something to air today? Jack continues with assignments. Evan sits smugly, as Bru slides down into his chair, deflated.
11) 0) text: Jack is at Bobby's cart, paying for a sandwich. Bruce catches up .to him. BRUCE
11) 2) text: Sure, Bruce. What do you need? BRUCE
11) 3) text: Sweeps. Jack takes his sandwich and leaves. Bobby leans to Bruce. BOBBY
11) 4) text: Don't worry about it.    I called my aunt, we're on. Bruce looks at Bobby, continues after and catches Jack. BRUCE
11) 5) text: Look, Jack. Hear me out, I'm getting desperate man, I am pushing forty and what have I got to show for it? The point is, I've hit some kind of a ceiling here. Some kind of anti-Bruce barrierI And Evan is just lovin' it, by the way. He gets the good stories, he gets on sweeps. Maybe I have to be more like Evan. JACK
11) 6) text: You don't want to be like Evan. Evan's an asshole. BRUCE
11) 11) dialog: Yeah, I'm sorry. Bruce bends down, starts picking up Jack's food.
11) 12) dialog: It's just- this anchor position looming, it's gotten me nuts... He hands the plate to Jack, as sexy anchorwoman SUSAN ORT saunters by.
11) 17) dialog: Maid of the Mist. That's always live.
11) 19) dialog: Evan gets the live feeds.
11) 21) text: Well now you and Evan get the live feeds. BRUCE
11) 23) text: Yes, but watch yourself, Bruce. I've seen your outtakes. Bruce hugs Jack, pressing the sandwich against his chest. BRUCE
11) 24) text: Yes 1 You will not regret this, Jack. (releases Jack) I will not forget you when I go national. Bruce takes off, Jack looks down, peels the sandwich off chest. We hear children's joyous SHRIEKS...
13) 0) text: Bruce is on his cell phone, while the NEWS CREW races aro setting up for the report. The FALLS ROAR behind him and Mate of the Mist sightseeing boat is in the b.g. BRUCE
13) 6) text: Sorry, honey. My sister seems to think she's my mother. Where are you? BRUCE
13) 8) text: Live? That's greatI BRUCE
13) 12) text: Oh, my gosh. BRUCE
13) 14) text: Wait, what do you mean practically? BRUCE
13) 16) text: (being cautious) I just want to make sure we're not getting too ahead of ourselves. BRUCE
13) 17) text: I totally agree, but in the mean time you should start thinking about what coast you want to live on. Ally interrupts, indicating the time. BRUCE
13) 19) text: Good luck, honey. I love you.                          * BRUCE                                       *
14) 0) text: Ally hustles Bruce toward the bow of the boat, as he plac his ear piece. ALLY
14) 1) text: They want you close to the falls. BRUCE
14) 3) text: That's the point.    They want you to hold up this. She hands Bruce a very stupid looking, blue "falls" shape UMBRELLA with the MAID OF THE MIST INSIGNIA. ALLY
14) 4) text: Part of the condition of us getting the exclusive. Bruce takes the umbrella.
14) 6) text: Remember, this is their 23rd anniversary. Capacity is 59. They cater to tourists, honeymooners. . . BRUCE
14) 8) text: And you'll be interviewing Irene Dansfeild... She positions A VERY, VERY OLD WOMAN next to Bruce. ALLY
14) 9) text: ...She rode on the maiden voyage with her late husband. Okay, 90                      * seconds. Bruce looks upward at the ridiculous umbrella. Mutters encouragement to himself.
14) 16) text: Bruce Nolan is standing by at Niagara Falls with a report on the Maid of the Mist sightseeing boat, but before we go live to Bruce, we have an announcement to make. As everyone knows, after 33 years, our beloved Pete Fineman is retiring. Pete smiles a proud, heart-felt smile. SUSAN
14) 21) text: Thanks, Susan. I ' m thrilled and honored. Like you said, no one can replace the great Pete Fineman, but I'll do my best. I have to say I am so proud to be a part of our local community. Of Buffalo. I think a great city is a lot like a great recipe really. Put in some hard working citizens, add some care givers, maybe a few nuts... The other news anchors and Evan himself chuckle at "his" joke. Bruce listens on the feed, beyond stunned. EVAN (CONT'D)
14) 23) text: (touched) Wow. That was amazing. And now let's go live to wacky Bruce Nolan out at Niagara Falls.
15) 0) text: Bruce stands like a deer in headlights, drenched, holding ridiculous umbrella. Ally sig nals Bruce he's on. He star into camera, numb.
17) 0) text: Jack rushes in, looking at Bruce on the monitor. JACK
19) 2) text: Come on, Bruce, talk damn-it... Okay, get ready to pull the plug.
21) 0) text: Like popping out of a coma, Bruce surges in. Surprisingly seems very up and fine. BRUCE
21) 1) text: Thank you, Susan 1 Bruce Nolan here aboard the Maid of the Mist at Niagara falls.
24) 0) text: BRUCE
24) 1) text: First off, "I want to add another congratulations to Evan Baxter. It's good to see what someone with real talent can accomplish when great opportunities are given to him instead of me. (still smiling) Anyway, I'm here, I believe with Katherine Hepburn's mom. Tell me, why did you toss the blue "heart of the ocean" jewel over the railing of Titanic? The Old Woman doesn't know what to say. BRUCE
25) 1) text: Did I just hear..? BRUCE
27) 0) text: Bruce takes off walking, the camera follows.
27) 1) dialog: Now, lets speak to the owner. Come on in here, Bill. Bill shakes his head "NO" as Bruce pulls him into frame. BRUCE
27) 3) text: Hey, man, I don't want any-- BRUCE
27) 4) text: Do you think it's my hair? (Bruce messes his hair like crazy) Maybe my teeth aren't white enough? Or like the great falls, is the bedrock of my life slowly erroding underneath me. (moving closer to camera, to an inch away) Erroding. Erroooding. Errodiiiing...
30) 0) text: Bruce is now licking the camera lens.    He steps back an signs-off. Smooth as silk. BRUCE
30) 1) text: I'm Bruce Nolan for Eyewitness news. Back to you fuckers 1
32) 0) text: Bruce is TOSSED OUT THE FRONT DOORS, his box of possessio spilling on the ground. Bruce FLAILS at the building.
33) 0) text: Bruce carries his box to his car, when he HEARS A NOISE. A street GANG is hassling the HOMELESS SIGN GUY. Pushing around, breaking and painting over his signs. Instinctively, Bruce walks over. BRUCE
33) 1) text: Hey, come on guys. What are you doin'? Just leave him alone. They turn, look at Bruce, laugh and head off.    Bruce he the Sign Guy up, looks after the Gang. BRUCE
33) 2) text: Yeah, you'd better keep walkin'. They stop cold, turn back to Bruce and CHARGE AT HIM. Bru attempts to run, but they leap on him in a big dog pile, swinging and kicking. Bruce is left with a bloody lip, lying beside his car. We hear the sound of smashing glass and scratching metal and gang running off. Bruce slowly gets up. Reveal Bruce's car, WINDOW'S SMASHED, PAINT SCRAPED and t word "HERO" KEY SCRATCHED ON THE DOOR. BRUCE
33) 5) text: Just what you get for trying to help someone. Bruce gets in, pulls out of the parking lot passing the Homeless Man who sits beaten up holding a scrawled out si
34) 0) text: Bruce is pacing, holding an ICE PACK to his swollen lip. GRACE
34) 1) text: Thank God you're alright. BRUCE
34) 3) text: Bruce, don't talk like that. BRUCE
34) 5) text: So God is torturing us? BRUCE
34) 8) text: But he doesn't want to. He doesn't like me. Sam starts PEEING ON THE RUG. BRUCE
34) 10) text: Bruce, please. This isn't his fault. BRUCE
34) 11) text: Of course not. (hushed tone) It's part of the mysterious plan. Grace puts Sam outside. Returns, trying to calm Bruce. GRACE
34) 12) text: Honey, you're mad right now. It's understandable. And what Evan did was slimy and wrong. But your job doesn't matter to me. You matter to me. You could've really been hurt. I'm just glad you're okay. BRUCE
34) 13) text: Okay? News flash: I'm not okayi And I'm not okay with the fact that you think everything is okay. I'm not okay with a mediocre job. I'm not okay with a mediocre apartment. I'm not okay with a mediocre LIFE! Bruce angrily swipes at the table knocking the photos and photo albums to floor. GRACE
34) 14) text: Is that what you have, Bruce? A mediocre life? Well, I'm sorry for being a piece in your mediocre puzzle. BRUCE
34) 17) dialog: Perfect! I'll have the worst day of my life with a side order of guilt, please. I-- I don't need this. Bruce grabs his keys and heads out.
35) 0) text: It's RAINING now. Bruce drives, going nowhere in particul His frustration is turning to desperation.
35) 1) dialog: Okay, God. You want me to talk to you? Then talk back. Tell me what's going on? What should I do? Give me a sign... Bruce passes a BLINKING YELLOW CAUTION LIGHT, doesn't notice. . . BRUCE
35) 4) dialog: All I need is some guidance. Please send me a signal. A TRUCK TRANSPORTING VARIOUS ROAD SIGNS pulls in front of Br uce . F our way s, bli nki ng. The va rie d s igns re Wrong Way, Dead End, Do Not Enter, Stop.
35) 5) dialog: Oh well, I guess you don't care. Bruce spots the PRAYER BEADS hanging on the rearview mirr
35) 6) dialog: Okay, we'll do it your way. (pulls the beads from the mirror)
35) 9) text: Come on, where'd you go? (holds them up in triumph) Ah ha! AHHH! And BAM!11 BRUCE'S CAR SLAMS INTO A LIGHT POST.
36) 0) text: Bruce stumbles out, surveys his demolished car, then look the beads in his hands. He begins to laugh maniacally. He spots the lake, starts running toward it like a madman HEAVES THE PRAYER BEADS INTO THE LAKE. He looks heavenwar challenging the Infinite. BRUCE
36) 1) text: Okay, if that's the way you want it. The gloves are off, pal! Let me see a little wrath! Smite me oh mighty smiteri What, no pestilence no boils? Come on, you got me on the ropes, don't you want to finish me off?! You're the one who should be fired! The only one around here not doing his job is YOU! What are we, you're little pet project? A hobby you tinker with now and again? Answer me. ANSWER ME!!! A beat of silence then Bruce's BEEPER GOES OFF. He cynica chuckles at the timing, checks it, sees 772-5623. BRUCE
36) 2) text: Sorry, don't know you, wouldn't call you if I did. Bruce walks off toward his wrecked car, it BEEPS AGAIN.
37) 0) text: Bruce wakes, slaps at the alarm clock, groggy, reaches fo the phone, finally realizes it's the beeper. He gets up, begrudgingly, checks it. The same number.
37) 2) text: Well, hello again 772-5623, don't hold your breath. Bruce tosses the pager on the bed, heads for the bathroom The beeper BEEPS. Bruce stops in his tracks, turns, opens the window, grabs the beeper and FIRES IT OUT. It SHATTER against a telephone pole. He calmly continues to the bathroom.
38) 0) text: A note is stuck in the bathroom mirror, with an old pictu of he and Grace in happier times. The note simply says: "I LOVE YOU.    WE NEED TO TALK. Grace" Peering over top of the note, Bruce sees Sam circling on rug.
38) 1) dialog: Oh, no.
39) 0) text: Bruce runs down the stairs carrying the trickling, Sam.
40) 0) text: Bruce sets Sam on the grass. Sam looks up, finished. BRUCE
40) 1) text: What's the point? BEEP, BEEP, BEEP... Bruce walks over to the shattered beeper. He picks up a small piece of it containing the LED read out: 772-5623
42) 0) text: An old building on the outskirts of town. A faded sign painted on the wall reads, OMNI PRESENTS. Bruce's demolished car enters frame.      He studies the building suspiciously. Bruce cautiously moves towards the structure and then, ST IN A PUDDLE. He SINKS UP TO HIS KNEE.
42) 1) dialog: Perfect. He gets out, shakes off his sopping leg, and heads inside
43) 0) text: Bruce enters and checks the BUILDING DIRECTORY.      It r OMNI PRESENTS UNLTD. Pers onnel    Rm. 7 Ac coun ting Rm. 7 Security      Rm . 7 Creativ e     Rm. 7
43) 5) text: That'd be on the seventh floor. Stairs are right over there. BRUCE
43) 7) text: Out of order. Bruce heads for the stairs. JANITOR
43) 8) text: You mind giving me a hand with this floor? BRUCE
43) 12) text: Be right with y.a, just fixin' a light. Tell me if it's working? CLICK and an INSANELY BRIGHT WHITE LIGHT ILLUMINATES, shi down blinding Bruce. BRUCE
43) 15) text: Yeah, it is for most people. They spend their lives in the dark... As he talks he steps down next to Bruce and we see that i the SAME JANITOR. JANITOR (CONT'D)
43) 16) text: . . . thinkin' they can hide from me. The two stand, angelically illuminated.    Bruce tries to everything together. BRUCE
43) 18) text: Yeah, but I'll get around to it. The Janitor CLAPS HIS HANDS TWICE and the light goes off. BRUCE
43) 24) text: Okay, but the boss'11 be right out. The Janitor unzips his uniform, revealing a very nice sui He extends his hand to Bruce. JANITOR
43) 25) text: You must be Bruce. I've been expecting you. BRUCE
43) 29) text: Your father knew that. He was a damn good welder. Bruce approaches the desk. BRUCE
43) 31) text: Oh, I know a lot about you Bruce. Pretty much everything there is to know. Everything you've ever said, done or thought about doin', is right there in that file cabinet. He points out a single drawer file cabinet. BRUCE
43) 33) text: It's your life. Bruce pulls the drawer and it FLIES OPEN, DRAGGING HIM TH
43) 35) text: Now this last entry was a little disturbing. He thumps the file cabinet with his fist and the drawer dramatically sucks closed, DRAGGING BRUCE BACK. The Janit reads from the file. JANITOR
43) 38) text: I am so honored that my horrible demise is a part of your loving and mysterious plan.. The gloves are off, pal.. Smite me oh mighty smiter. (aside) I'm not much for blaspheming but that one made me laugh. Oh, and let's not forget "What kind of a God would let this happen? I mean, have you seen then news lately?" Bruce stands, dazed. В· BRUCE
43) 40) text: I'm the creator of the heavens and the earth. I'm the alpha &amp; omega. The first and the last. BRUCE
43) 42) text: I'm God, Bruce. BRUCE
43) 43) text: Oh, you're God. Well that explains everything1 That's how you know everything about me. That's how you got up to the seventh floor so quickly. (placating) Well, it's really nice to meet you. Thanks for the Grand Canyon and, ah, good luck with the apocalypse. Bruce turns to leave, BUT FINDS HIMSELF WALKING RIGHT TOW GOD AND HIS DESK. He tries again, and again. BRUCE
43) 46) text: Everyone with a      brain in their head would know that      the drawer is being В·             fed through the       wall from behind-- Bruce pulls the file cabinet from the wall, sees it has a normal back.
43) 47) dialog: Okay.     That's good.   That's a good one. Bruce quickly puts his hands behind his back.
43) 48) dialog: Okay, God. How many fingers am I holding out? Bruce extends three fingers.
43) 52) dialog: Okay, how about now. He quickly pulls in two fingers.
43) 55) dialog: AAAHHHl
43) 57) text: You've been doing a lot of complaining about me, Bruce. And quite frankly, I'm tired of it... Bruce backs away from God. BRUCE
43) 59) text: Well, that's not very neighborly. I brought you here to offer you a job. BRUCE
43) 61) text: My job. You think you can do it better, so here's your chance. When you leave this building you will be endowed with all my powers. BRUCE
43) 63) text: All the power of God. Bruce glances back at the empty desk, turns back again an God the Janitor has also vanished. A beat, then Bruce sprints out of the room.
44) 0) text: Bruce barrels out of the building -- BRUCE
45) 0) text: Bruce jumps in, turns the key, the car turns over but doe start. BRUCE
45) 1) text: I'm having a breakdown. That's what it is. Just a normal, everyday psychotic episode, brought on by tumor or brain lesion... We hear the car wind down to nothing. Bruce releases the pounds the steering wheel in frustration. BRUCE
45) 2) text: (to the car) Come on, startI The car INSTANTLY starts. BRUCE
45) 3) text: (denial) Well, that was lucky. Bruce backs up, peels out.
46) 0) text: Bruce drives, whistling the tune, catches himself, immediately stops whistling. BRUCE
46) 1) text: Okay, just relax here. I did not meet God and I do not have his powers. (laughs) If that was God, then I'm Mario Andretti. Instantly, Bruce's car PEELS OUT, races through traffic, dodging and passing cars right and left. BRUCE
46) 4) text: Hey Mario, did you get that box of dressing I sent you? Bruce responds against his will IN PERFECT ITALIAN -- BRUCE
46) 5) text: (in perfect Italian) Si, dovete venire sopra per il pranzo un certo tempo. (SUBTITLES: Yes, you must come over for dinner some time.) Bruce reacts shocked.   The crew backs off and urges him Italian. PIT CREW
46) 6) text: Vete l Ve tel Bruce's car peels out on it's own, he struggles to contro the wheel, finally pulling over to a curb. His car door won't open so he has to crawl out of the driver's window. He rushes onto the sidewalk, backing away from his normal looking Tauras. Not knowing what to do, he slips into a diner.
47) 0) text: Bruce quickly walks to a back corner booth. The only othe patron is an OLD MAN seated at the counter. BRUCE
47) 1) text: It isn't real, it isn't real, it isn't real... An older. Sally Kirkland-type WAITRESS, order pad in hand stands listening to Bruce with a raised eyebrow. BRUCE
47) 4) text: We've got a special on soup today. BRUCE
47) 6) text: It's tomato. BRUCE
47) 7) text: Alright, okay. She heads off.    Bruce sits thinking.   Could it be real He looks at the SUGAR down at the end of the table, holds his hand and the SUGAR SLIDES ACROSS THE TABLE RIGHT INTO HAND. The CREAMER slides into his other hand. Bruce is half scared, half thrilled. He pours some cream sugar into his cup, looks around the table. BRUCE
47) 8) text: Excuse me I need a spoooo... Bruce chokes up a spoon into his hands, wipes it off with napkin. BRUCE
47) 9) text: That's alright, I found one. The Old Man eyes Bruce suspiciously, gets up and moves further down the counter. The Waitress sets down the soup, heads off, then turns ba WAITRESS
47) 10) text: I lie to my sister. BRUCE
47) 12) text: (becoming emotional) And I'm sleeping with my best friend's husband. I know he's just using me but.. I'm just so tired of being alone. I don't know why I'm telling you all this. Just seems like you'd understand. BRUCE
47) 15) text: (sets the check down) Take care of that whenever you're ready. Bruce looks at the soup. His look grows intense.   He slo raises his hands over the soup bowl....
47) 17) text: Havin' fun? Bruce is startled and the soup splashes back to normal collapsing on the cockroach. He looks up at God standing beside the booth. Bruce is now awestruck. BRUCE
48) 0) text: God leans down, lets the little soup covered cockroach go God and Bruce then walk along the lake shore. GOD
48) 1) text: (re: the cockroach) Most people want to kill these guys. I'm quite fond of em'. Very streamlined design. Like little armored tanks. Y'know, they can hold their breath for forty minutes and their cells divide only once per molting cycle creating a cytoskeleton with cell adhesion that... (catching himself) Oh, this is a bit over your head, isn't it? Off Bruce's look.
48) 3) text: Okay, let me explain the rules. BRUCE
48) 5) text: Yeah, you left in such a rush I didn't get a chance to explain. BRUCE
48) 7) text: (laughs) I figured that would get your attention.. I did the same thing to Ghandi, he couldn't eat for three weeks. Now, here's the deal. You have all my power. Use it any way you choose. There are only two rules. You can't tell anyone you're God. Believe me you don't want that kind of attention. And you can't mess with free will. BRUCE
48) 9) text: (excited) Yes you can. That's the beauty it. Suddenly a LARGE SAILBOAT SAIL PASSES RIGHT BY THEM.   Br looks to the sail, oddly, then... WIDE ANGLE - REVEAL God and Bruce are now walking ON THE about 100 feet from the shore. They watch the sailboat pa Bruce is awestruck. BRUCE
48) 14) text: God and Bruce are tiny figures on the river, as God begin walk away. GOD
48) 15) text: I'll be seein' ya. BRUCE
48) 17) text: I'm taking a vacation. BRUCE
48) 21) dialog: ...Right. Left alone, Bruce begins to carefully tip toe back to sho progresses to a full sprint.
49) 21) text: What can I say, I love him. And if I know Bruce, he's out there wandering around with the weight of the world on his shoulders.
50) 0) text: Bruce struts down the street the embodiment of confidence He turns shooting a finger at a fire hydrant, it BLASTS WATER. KIDS run off their front steps, start playing. A PRETTY GIRL IN A DRESS, comes' walking toward him. As s passes he BLOWS A LITTLE AIR OUT OF THE CORNER OF HIS MOU and turns to watch her SKIRT FLY UP. BRUCE
50) 1) text: And he saw that it was good. He spots a    mannequin in a store window display, wearin cool, casu   al outfit. He closes his eyes. When he opens them, HE'S   WEARING THE COOL NEW OUTFIT and the mannequi dressed in   his clothes. He checks his reflection. . . b Bruce rounds the corner, sees the SAME GANG that beat him hanging out in the alley. BRUCE
51) 0) text: Bruce approaches the gang.
51) 1) dialog: Hey guys, remember me? The gang members turn to Bruce.
51) 5) dialog: Look, I don't want to fight you guys. So as soon as you apologize, I'll be on my way. A beat, then the Hoods BURST OUT LAUGHING.         A few behind, surrounding Bruce.
51) 7) dialog: What a coincidence. That's today. The Hood gets a PAINED LOOK, starts gyrating around, then MONKEY comes climbing out the back of his baggy pants. The Big Guy looks at Hood #1.
51) 9) dialog: Now I'm going to have to teach the rest of you guys a lesson.
51) 11) text: Yeah, you and whose army? BRUCE
51) 12) text: Just me... and me... ANOTHER BRUCE steps out from behind a stack of crates. BRUCE
51) 13) text: And me, and me, and me, me, me, me, me and me and me. As Bruce talks, DUPLICATE BRUCE'S begin popping out from various spots, a doorway, hanging down from a fire escape dumpster pops open, six Bruce's jump out. BRUCE
51) 17) text: Let's get out of here, manl Hood #2 takes off running, the gang members follow. BRUCE
51) 18) text: Okay guys, Kum Ba Yal The Bruce's jog over, leaping and diving into Bruce's bod BRUCE
51) 19) text: I'll take it from here. Bruce takes a deep breath, OPENS HIS MOUTH WIDE, RELEASIN
52) 0) text: The gang streams out of the alley screaming, COVERED IN LOCUSTS. Bruce exits the alley, the monkey at his side.        He to the monkey. BRUCE
52) 5) text: We widen to an UP ANGLE of him standing on the top of Buffalo's tallest SKYSCRAPER. Clouds swirl behind him. He looks out over the vast city lights, opens his arms and proclaims to the world. BRUCE
53) 1) text: (to Sam) Well, at least I have someone to drink with. Grace hears Bruce coming up the stairs, singing.
53) 3) text: What if God was one of us. . . Just a slob like one of us... Just a stranger on a bus... Trying to make his way. . . Grace reacts a bit surprised by Bruce's happy tone, she g up, opens the door and there stands BRUCE, beaming smile, holding a very unique BOUQUET OF FLOWERS. BRUCE
53) 5) text: (re: the flowers) Oh, my God. BRUCE
53) 6) text: You can call me Bruce. GRACE
53) 7) text: Where have you been? You're so...happy. BRUCE
53) 8) text: Who wouldn't be on a night like this? (holding out the flowers) For you. Grace takes the flowers, gives Bruce a kiss, still sizing his mood. GRACE
53) 9) text: These are amazing. What are they? BRUCE
54) 1) text: Bruce, is there something you're not telling me?
54) 4) text: What do you mean, why? Last night you weren't exactly happy with life. BRUCE
54) 5) text: Last night, I was only human. Bruce backs out of the kitchen seductively.
55) 0) text: Bruce breezes through, casually instructs the stereo as h passes. BRUCE
56) 0) text: Bruce opens the doors, steps onto the balcony. He surveys the cloudy sky, reaches up with his hand and ERASES THE CLOUDS, LIKE ON A CHALKBOARD. Still not completely satisfied he reaches up toward the m and makes a LASSOING MOTION, THEN BEGINS TO PULL.
56) 4) text: Wow, it really cleared up. I've never seen the moon that big. Bruce puts his arms around Grace from behind.
56) 6) text: We shouldn't waste it. Bruce starts kissing her neck. Grace turns, .they kiss an METEOR SHOWER lights the sky behind them. The kiss ends.
56) 7) dialog: Bedroom. GRACE
57) 0) text: Grace grabs a neglige from the drawer, heads into the bathroom. Bruce enters, adjusts the ambience of the room, BLOWS THE LIGHTS OUT with a quick puff of air, LIGHTS CAN with a gesture. His clothes magically fall away.
58) 1) text: I'11 be out in a minute. BRUCE (O.S.)                                *
58) 3) dialog: It's a funny thing about, pleasure.                   * GRACE'S KNEES BUCKLE, causing the lipstick to smear acros her face. She sits down on the toilet seat to get a hold herself.
58) 4) dialog: It can be extremely pleasurable.                      * Grace has a very POWERFUL ORGASM and slides off the toile out of frame to the ground.
58) 8) dialog: Standing at the door with both arms extended toward the bathroom like an WARLOCK CASTING A SPELL. Suddenly the li hits him from the open bathroom door and he quickly strik casual pose. Grace stands in the open doorway, panting like an animal. She dives on Bruce, attacking him.
60) 0) text: Bruce lies blissfully asleep. Big smile, life is good. Then, we hear WHISPERING - Like distant voices MURMURING at once. Bruce wakes with a start. He looks around puzzle sticks his finger in his ear checking his hearing as the voices fade away.
61) 0) text: Grace places breakfast on the table. Bruce comes out, ful dressed with a spring in his step. BRUCE
61) 2) text: (gushy-lovey, sing songy) Good morning. Cooked you grilled cheese. BRUCE
61) 3) text: Oo, my favey. Bruce sits, Grace sets down his plate, leans close. GRACE
61) 4) text: Last night was just... BRUCE
61) 6) text: Mmm hmm. Bruce enjoys his grilled cheese. GRACE
61) 7) text: It's funny, but when I woke up this morning, It felt like my boobs were bigger. Bruce looks away, guilty, trying to be nonchalant. GRACE
61) 8) text: (holding them up) Do they look bigger to you? BRUCE
61) 11) text: They're definitely bigger.      They feel huge to me. Bruce throws up his hands.
61) 12) dialog: You got me. Probably just a hormonal thing. (takes a quick final bite) Well, enjoy your breakfast, I've gotta run. GRACE
61) 13) text: Where are you going? He stops, turns. A new confident Bruce. BRUCE
62) 0) text: Bruce heads for his severely beat-up junker car whistling "What if God were One of Us."
63) 1) text: He gets in, fastens his seat belt, as two teenagers cruis on skateboards, stop outside Bruce's window.
63) 3) dialog: Well, it gets me from A to B.
64) 0) text: Bruce turns the corner into bumper to bumper traffic. No problem, the traffic magically opens up for him, cars instantly swerving right and left clearing a path for Bru He waves as he passes. BRUCE
65) 2) dialog: Watching the action from the side, holding his own home v camera. Phil spots him. PHIL
65) 3) text: Hey, channel seven, right? You're the guy that went crazy. BRUCE
65) 5) text: What are you doin' here? BRUCE
65) 11) text: Hey, Hank found something1 Phil turns back, Bruce and he exchange a glance. Hank is DIGGING FURIOUSLY, making a BIG HOLE. The Policem jogs over, joins the trainer. They watch as TWO DRESS SHO ARE UNCOVERE D IN THE DI RT. Hank BARKS. POLICEMAN
65) 15) text: It's locked and the keys are inside I Bruce casually turns his camera on, gives Phil a "tough break" look, heads for the scene, as Phil and his crew scramble around the van.
65) 18) text: The body of Jimmy Hoffa was uncovered in a field today outside of a canine training center in Buffalo New York. Local Buffalo freelance field reporter Bruce Nolan was the first on the scene...
66) 0) text: As Bruce pulls up in front of the building the NO PARKING SIGN flies back into the bushes and the RED CURB TRANSFOR TO GREEN as though being sloppily painted with invisible brushes. Bruce exits the car and smooths past the Homeless Sign Gu who sits in his usual spot. His sign reads:
67) 0) text: Bruce cruises through the office, fielding greetings.
67) 2) text: Nice Job, Bruce...Way to go, buddy...GO get 'em, Bruce, etc. Susan Ortega smooths up to Bruce.
67) 5) text: Good work, I'm impressed. She give's Bruce a "look" and continues on. Bruce is a bi inflated by the encounter. Bobby the pastry cart guy wheels his cart up along side.
67) 8) text: You're going to need your energy in there. Can I interest you in a donut? BRUCE
67) 11) dialog: No.
67) 17) dialog: Bobby, I--
67) 21) text: No, Bobby.. Bobby N01 I said I didn't want anything. (turns, heading off) Damn you... Bruce continues    off, as Bobby stops cold, adopts an od expression, then    his EYES ROLL UP IN THEIR SOCKETS, SP
68) 3) text: (big laugh)                                        * The re he i sl Ho ff al H a i W h a t a r e the odds of that? BRUCE                                        *
68) 5) text: Look, I'll be straight. We want you back, Bruce. I want to tell you, it wasn't my decision to let you go. When the big guy gives the order, I gotta... BRUCE
68) 7) text: You did that in a day? BRUCE
68) 9) text: I haven't been the best father in the world. BRUCE
68) 11) text: I cur se a lo t. I c hea t on my ta xe s. My w ife u se d t o mak e my kids call me, when she was alive... (breaking down) ...Now, I go to strip clubs, and dri nk a ll nig ht. Bu t at le ast their open unt il four. W hat are you doing tonight? BRUCE
68) 16) text: Jack, don't worry about that. Just give me a camera and a crew and I'll give you the news. Bruce exits.    Jack likes the new Bruce.
69) 0) text: Bruce heads out as The Eyewitness News opening plays on several monitors. Susan Ortega opens.
69) 21) text: In other n-n-n-n....n-n-n-n...                     * Evan's NOSE STARTS BLEEDING. A sudden stream out of one nostril. Susan reacts. So does Jack. Bruce smiles. ,   Evan sees the blood, tries to stop it but it only str -/    faster. He keeps talking, but the stream increases. gets up, tries to help.
69) 26) dialog: (casual to an amazed news staffer)
70) 0) text: Bruce is bored off his ass, interviewing some BLUE HAIRED LADIES at the Mark Twain chili cook off. BLUE HAIRED LADY
70) 1) text: (talks so slow you want to kill yourself) My secret is I let the jalapeno's marinade in a spicy sauce for over 24 hours before I-- We see Bruce's pained face, realizing what horrible news is, when he gets an idea and SCHWWWWWAAAAAAM!11 AN ASTERO CRASHES to earth behind them. BRUCE
70) 2) text: Hold that thought, Hazel! (Bruce walks back toward the explosion) It seems some type of meteor or asteroid has, by chance, hit the earth right behind the Mark Twain Chili Cook Off. . .
71) 0) text: Bruce is free-falling in full sky diving uniform. BRUCE
71) 1) text: . . . So remember, it's sky diving season at Old Pete's airfield. (grabs the ripcord) This is Bruce Nolan.. (gives it a tug, doesn't budge) My rip cord appears to be a bit stuck. Bruce yanks again harder, nothing, then again and the cor rips free from the suit.
71) 3) dialog: This is a very unfortunate turn of events. I'm heading toward the earth at a very precarious speed... The cameraman pops his shoot and we see Bruce continue to stream toward the ground below. He falls into a wooded ar A CAMERA ON THE GROUND picks up the coverage, runs throug the brush with other BYSTANDERS to find Bruce laying on t of a BIG, HAIRY CREATURE.
71) 5) dialog: Ah ha!     You are real!
72) 0) text: Bruce sits watching a hockey game on TV. He follows the p intently with his eyes, as though controlling it's path.
72) 6) text: Oh, honey, would you hand me the scissors? Bruce diverts his attention, when the Sabers screw up and crowd GROANS. Bruce immediately turns, looks intently at puck and GOAL, SABERS! THE CROWD ROARS!
73) 1) text: Grace's BOOBS ARE EVEN BIGGER. Bruce is trying to help he fasten her bra, but it's a good three inches from touchin Bruce shrugs "got me."
74) 0) text: Bruce is doing a report just outside the Pandas' enclosur BRUCE
74) 1) text: In the past, zoo officials have been unable to get these Panda's to mate, but that doesn't seem to be a problem today. REVEAL A MALE PANDA wholeheartedly humping another PANDA. BRUCE
74) 6) text: ...to an asteroid crashing to earth. Bruce Nolan is rapidly becoming known as. . .
75) 0) text: A BILLBOARD being put up with a big smiling Bruce with ar extended. It reads: "Mr. Exclusive".
76) 0) text: A close up of Bruce on the Jumbotron. ANNOUNCER                                  *
76) 1) text: Ladies and Gentlemen,    please                       * welcome Mr. Exlusive,    Bu ffal o's                  * own, Bruce Nolan.                                     * Bruce starts SINGING THE MOST AMAZING GOSPEL SINGER/JAZZ VERSION OF THE NATIONAL ANTHEM ANYONE HAS EVER HEARD. BRUCE                                      *
78) 0) text: Bruce sings, still on the same word. BRUCE                                       *
79) 0) text: Bruce finishes running a bath, gets into the tub but SLIP is UNABLE TO SINK and ends up sliding around ON THE WATER like on a sheet of glass. He tries to break through, can' Then, he concentrates and finally LOWERS INTO THE WATER.
80) 0) text: Bruce dramatically finishes the national anthem.
80) 1) dialog: ...of the                                              * BraaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAVE i     .              * He hits an impossibly high note and the rink glass SHATTE Bruce is projected on the ARENA JUMBOTRON. He shoots his arms up, the crowd goes nuts! "Mr. Exclusive" flashes on screen.
81) 0) text: A Mob of photographers flash photos like crazy, as Bruce stands casually with his arm around BIGFOOT.
81) 1) dialog: ...and that's the way the cookie crumbles.
82) 0) text: Bruce surrounded by Hazel and other chili cook off contestants shouts up from the bottom of the crater hole:
84) 11) text: (gushing) So, Bruce said and I quote: "Prepare yourself for an amazing evening that will change our lives forever." Margarita reaches Debbie's waist and YANKS tightly. DEBBIE
85) 0) text: A waiter pours the first trickle of wine into Bruce's gla Bruce whiffs it, tastes it. BRUCE
85) 1) text: Very good. If you run out just bring me some water, I'll take it from there. Grace looks over the menu as Bruce notices people at vari tables eyeing him. He glances up to a ceiling light and REDIRECTS IT with his mind, so it SPOTLIGHTS HIM in golde light. TWO CUTE GIRLS with dates SMILE and wave.     He waves ba
85) 4) text: Huh? Oh, no this is fine right here. Bruce looks at Grace lovingly.      He takes her hand. BRUCE
85) 5) text: I was going to wait until after the meal, but I think it's going to just bust out of me if I don't do it now. Grace beams, looks at Bruce with total love.
85) 6) dialog: You ready? GRACE
85) 7) text: (nervous) I think so. BRUCE
85) 9) dialog: Evidently, they're having problems with Evan. He's finishing up the week and I go live Monday. GRACE
85) 11) dialog: Well, yeah. Grace, I got anchor. We got anchor! She's having a hard time covering her let down. BRUCE
85) 17) text: They both laugh, Bruce enjoys the attention.
85) 18) dialog: (laughing along) Yep, it's me.
85) 20) dialog: Well, sure. (glances to Grace) Just one second, hun. (leans to Grace) Fans. We better get used to this, huh?
85) 21) text: Grace sits watching the two girls take turns sitting on Bruce's lap, taking pictures. Sees Bruce relishing in the attention. One girl gives Bruce a peck on the cheek and t r"sS!w^w!s leave. Grace is clearly upset.
85) 23) dialog: Oh, thanks...
85) 25) text: Suddenly, the WHISPERS start again. Bruce looks around, figures it's coming from the restaurant patrons.
85) 26) dialog: Wow. It's kind of loud in here.
85) 32) text: Bruce, this isn't funny.
85) 33) dialog: (talking loud .over the "racket")
86) 0) text: Bruce races through the restaurant kitchen holding his ea
87) 0) text: He BURSTS out the kitchen exit into the alley. Unclasps h ears, but no relief. The whispers are now loud voices. We start to make out fragments of words "Please," "Help me," etc. Overwhelmed and scared, he slides down the alley wall, covering his face, then TOTAL SILENCE -- Bruce lowers his hands and finds himself SITTING ATOP A H MOUNTAIN PEAK. GOD (O.S.)
87) 1) text: Really something isn't it? God sits down next to Bruce. BRUCE
87) 4) dialog: I'm dead?I God laughs.
87) 6) text: No, I'm just messing with you. BRUCE
87) 8) text: They're prayers, Bruce. You keep ignoring them and they're going to build up on. you like that. You didn't think being God was going to be all fun and games did you? BRUCE
87) 10) text: You aren't listening, son. Let's see, you've had my powers for over a week now and how many people have you helped? BRUCE
87) 12) text: The world? That wasn't the world, Bruce. That was just Buffalo, between Commonwealth and 57th. Didn't want to start you out with more than you can handle. Now how you doing otherwise? Personal life in good shape? BRUCE
87) 13) text: Yeah. Everything is great. A DOORWAY OPENS like a crack in space. Grace steps out, s Bruce. GRACE
87) 14) text: Bruce? What are you doing out here? With that, the terrain TRANSFORMS back into the alley whe Grace has been standing all along. She can not see .God.
87) 16) text: Oh, ah, (to God) She can't... (God shakes his head, back to Grace) I just, ah, needed a little fresh air. Bruce fakes a couple big breaths. GRACE
87) 17) text: Bruce, what is going on? The second I want to talk about us you run out on me. GOD
87) 18) text: (to Bruce) Everything's great, huh? BRUCE
87) 21) text: Now it's heating up. BRUCE
87) 23) text: (sarcastic) Nice recovery. Bruce looks to God to shut up. GRACE
87) 24) text: Not helping you what? BRUCE
87) 29) dialog: (to God)
87) 32) text: Who are you talking to?! Just then, the WHISPERS start in again.        Bruce reac
87) 33) dialog: Oh, not now. Bruce puts his hands to his ears.       Grace takes this not wanting to listen to her.
87) 38) dialog: No. God smiles.
88) 0) text: Grace is asleep in the bedroom while Bruce paces in the living room.
88) 1) dialog: Okay...Prayers.                                         * He concentrates for a second and in an instant, the WHISP start in.
88) 2) dialog: Okay, first off, this creepy whisper thing has got to go. (paces)
88) 5) text: Let all prayers be organized into                       * +*             files. Bruce WAVES HIS HAND--- Instantly, the room is JAMMED FULL OF FILE. CABINETS.
88) 6) dialog: Too b ulky. Ah! Praye r po st-it s!                  * Instantly, the files are gone and millions of POST-IT'S, WITH A PERSON'S PRAYER REQUEST begin slapping down attach themselves to everything in the room. Bruce himself becomes a big post-it mummy. He pulls the o covering his mouth.
88) 7) dialog: Sloppy.                                                 * (an idea)                                         *
88) 11) text: Welcome to the information super highway. No mess, full bless. A COMPUTER PROGRESS BAR titled "Downloading Prayers" appe on screen, there's a long, long way to go. Bruce watches and waits, bored - looks at his watch.
88) 13) dialog: He's fallen asleep by the computer. As he wakes he sees: "1,567,432 unread messages"
88) 14) dialog: Whoa. Suddenly, Grace bounds out of the bathroom. GRACE
88) 18) dialog: No.     You look great.
88) 23) text: Bruce, I feel like our relationship is becoming all about sex. BRUCE
88) 26) text: No, Bruce. Come on.                                   * She breaks away and sees the computer is on. GRACE                                     *
88) 27) text: What's that? What are you doing?                     * Bruce tries to cover. BRUCE                                      *
88) 30) text: Is this why you didn't come to bed?                   * BRUCE                                      *
88) 32) text: No, I'm not. Bruce looks over Grace's shoulder and ADJUSTS THE CLOCK F MINUTES FORWARD. Grace turns and is surprised. GRACE
88) 33) text: Oh my goshI How did I sleep this late? I've got to run. Are you giving me a ride? BRUCE
88) 34) text: Don't need to. Bruce motions to the window. Grace walks over, looks out s es . . e. A NEW SPORTY RED CONVERTIBLE wrapped in a WHITE BOW. BRUCE
88) 38) text: I'll work it out. Just trust me. Bruce dangles the keys in front of her eyes. GRACE                                           *
88) 39) text: If you're trying to buy your way out of the hot water you're in, it's not working. . . (looks at the car)                                    * Well, it's working a little... Bruce smiles.
88) 42) text: Okay. Let's start with something easy. (typing) Find: Sports...Sabers. (reading) Please make the Sabers win the playoffs, good. Please, please let the Red Wings beat the Sabers. Bruce puzzles over the two prayers.           Starts typi
88) 43) dialog: Yes to you, loyal Sabers fan. And no to you. (typing) And your goalie has turrets. Bruce smiles, this is fun.
89) 0) text: A BULLY taunts a FAT KID WITH HORN RIMMED GLASSES. ANGLE BRUCE - WATCHING FROM THE BLEACHERS. The FAT KID nervously grabs the rope and much to his surprise, he CLIMBS IT LIKE STALLONE IN CLIFF HANGER. Bruce is in the stands, pleased. He flicks his finger upw and the BULLY'S gym shorts SHOOT UP HIS BUTT CRACK - a supernatural wedgy. Filbert flexes his flabby arm, amazed.
90) 0) text: Bruce looks in the bank window and sees a very stressed, ESTER sitting in the loan officer's office, tears in her eyes. As she opens her purse for a tissue, IT IS FULL OF CASH. She registers shock and joy. BRUCE                                     *
91) 1) text: Please let. me find a space. She drives right by Bruce who smiles. . .
91) 2) dialog: Knock, and the door shall be                        * open. . .                                           * Bruce makes a KNOCKING MOTION and...
94) 3) text: Bruce's hands typing responses. His fingers move faster a faster.
95) 0) text: Bruce walks along head high, FULL OF HIMSELF. He audibly hears snippets of prayers, snapping off responses. VARIOUS PEDESTRIANS
95) 1) text: I've got to find a better job...Come on light, turn...God, I wish I were thinner... BRUCE
96) 0) text: Bruce sits at the computer, looks at the total prayer requests, his jaw drops. 3 MILLION and growing. BRUCE
96) 1) text: Oh, come on. What a bunch of whiners. This is going to suck up my whole life. Bruce gets an idea, pulls down a menu on the computer, highlights "ANSWER ALL" types in the word "YES" and hits enter. The computer takes over, ANSWERING EACH EMAIL AUTOMATICAL Bruce smiles and gets up.
98) 0) text: Bruce pulls up, Grace, her BODY BACK TO NORMAL, walks up hops in, happy. GRACE
98) 1) text: L ook! I'm back to no rmal. It was the wildest thing, I was worried, so I said a prayer and the next thing I know, I was completely healed. It was like a miracle. BRUCE
98) 3) text: So, you're taking me to lunch? Th is i s ra re -- (catches herself) But wonderful. BRUCE
98) 4) text: Oh, I've got something better than lunch. Bruce pulls out. They drive off. GRACE (O.S.)
98) 5) text: Oh, you'll never believe it. Debbie won the lotteryI BRUCE (O.S.)
99) 0) text: Bruce leads her out of the car. BRUCE
100) 0) text: Bruce leads Grace through the gates. BRUCE
100) 2) text: Wow. This is a bit overwhelming.                        * BRUCE                                       *
100) 4) text: (laughing)                                         * This place is hilarious.     Are you                    * doing a story here?                                     * BRUCE                                         *
100) 5) text: (coy)                                               * No. Guess again?                                        * Grace turns to Bruce confused. BRUCE
100) 9) text: (beaming) This is our new home.    Come on... Bruce pulls Grace up the stairs. GRACE
100) 10) text: This had to cost-- I can't even imagine how much this had to cost. BRUCE
100) 12) text: Wh-What am I missing here? You can't afford this. You're a reporter. Buying cars is one t hing, but this-- Bruce grabs a hold of Grace. BRUCE
100) 13) text: We'll have the money. Listen to me closely. I'm getting anchor. Then, I'm going to get spotted, offers will come flooding in to go national, and then you and I are moving to New York City to a place that will put this to shame. This has been my exact dream my whole life and it's finally going to happen. Every step just how I pictured it. Grace just stares at Bruce. GRACE
100) 15) dialog: What?
100) 19) dialog: I wanted to surprise you.                       *
100) 21) dialog: Honestly, I thought you'd be a little more appreciative.
100) 23) dialog: (under his breath) Like pearls to swine.
100) 25) dialog: Let those with ears hear.
100) 27) dialog: Exa ct ly. F or th e bet te r. I' m not poor and s truggling . And mayb e that threatens you. I'm telling you, there are plenty of women who would love this place.
100) 29) dialog: I can't believe this. I did all                 * this for us.                                    *
100) 33) text: 'That'. You can't even say the                       * word.                                                 * BRUCE                                      *
100) 35) text: Not a great time. What is that, your mantra? This is never going to change. . . Grace heads down the stairs. BRUCE
100) 39) text: I'm going to have Debbie pick me up. BRUCE
101) 10) text: There he is. . . The manI.. All hail our new anchor!I BRUCE
101) 12) text: Hey Bruce, who do you like in the game tonight? BRUCE
101) 13) text: Put your money on the Sabers. Coach prays a lot. A FRENCH WAITER approaches Bruce. FRENCH WAITER
101) 14) text: Ah, Mr. Nolan, we're running out of hors doerves. I'm afraid we under- ordered, sir. And the people are hungry. BRUCE
101) 16) text: Only three chips and two shrimp. BRUCE
101) 22) text: Speech!   Speech!!   Speech! Bruce takes center stage, quiets the crowd. BRUCE
101) 23) text: I ' d thank you all for coming, but the liquor is free so maybe you should THANK ME! Everyone laughs. BRUCE
101) 24) text: And now let me tell you a story. There was a man who had two sons. The younger son took his inheritance and squandered his money on a life of lust and debauchery. I LOVE THAT GUY!! Everyone throws their hands up and continues to party. Bruce's big smile fades. He looks around the room, hoping spot Grace. He grabs a phone, walks out to the balcony, di al s -- He gets their answering machine, hears their outgoing mes together from happier times. He hangs up.
101) 26) text: Hi Br uce. What are you d oing out here all alone? BRUCE
101) 31) text: You're on fire Bruce. Some women can't handle fire. Some can. Susan smooths close to Bruce. SUSAN
101) 32) text: You know, I always had an instinct about you. I knew you were going to make something of yourself. BRUCE
101) 34) text: There's something special about you Bruce. I like special... BRUCE
101) 35) text: Look Susan, I don't know, I-- Susan grabs Bruce, kisses him passionately. Bruce doesn't join in, but doesn't fight it either.
101) 43) text: Oh, boy. Bruce turns and sees Grace. BRUCE
101) 46) text: Right. BRUCE
102) 0) text: Bruce follows Grace outside. BRUCE
102) 1) text: Grace, come on. Grace stops, opens her purse, tosses the keys to her new in Bruce's chest. GRACE
102) 2) text: Here. I do n't w ant your car. I don't want your things. . . I don't want you. BRUCE
102) 4) text: And you thought Susan's mouth was the phone? BRUCE
102) 6) text: How about a boat, Bruce? BRUCE
102) 9) text: Yeah, a big boat and oh, maybe two bags of cash, you know, the ones with the big cartoon dollar signs on the front. Then I'll be happy. Because I'm just hollow inside. Debbie's been right. All this time. I defended you, told her there was good in you. Another side to you. Well, I just saw that other side and I don't want anything to do with it. Debbie pulls up, Grace storms off to the car. Bruce follo BRUCE
102) 11) text: Go back to your little co-anchor. Or is that ho-anchor? (tearing) I came back here to apologize. How stupid am I? Grace turns and heads to the car. BRUCE
102) 12) text: You're the one that didn't like the new place! Grace gets in, slams the door. BRUCE
102) 13) text: You can't walk out on me! I'm the alpha, lady! I'm the Omega! Debbie peels out. BRUCE
102) 14) text: (desperate last attempt) I could make you stay! Bruce is left alone in the middle of the street. BRUCE
103) 0) text: Bruce walks in, Susan is waiting for him. SUSAN
103) 3) text: Enjoying your party? Yeah, nothing like spending time with some real frien ds. Any s hrimp left ? BRUCE
103) 5) text: I know. BRUCE
103) 7) text: Would you take you back? Bruce mulls this over,- then... BRUCE
103) 9) text: Welcome to my world, son. You come up with an answer to that one, you let me know. Off of Bruce thinking...
104) 1) text: Here's a little ditty, about Grace and her man Bruce, two Americans growing up, needing to make a truce. Grace's eyes pop open.    Is she dreaming?
105) 0) text: Bruce hides behind a hedge, watches Grace jog past.
106) 0) text: Grace reaches in her purse to pay for her coffee and a bu of PICTURES FALL OUT. They are all of Bruce and Grace. Sh thinks, definitely didn't -put them there.
107) 0) text: Grace is helping one of the kids, when she notices someth outside the window. It's a cloud formation that strangely looks like BRUCE (in profile) HOLDING HANDS WITH GRACE. S reacts as the imagery melts away into a very faint "FORGI
108) 0) text: Grace is talking with one of the other teachers. The kids playing dodgeball in the background, laugh and scream lou and louder. Grace turns and sees... Bruce getting pelted by multiple balls. BRUCE
108) 1) text: Okay, surrender, surrender. He walks over to Grace. BRUCE
108) 6) text: That's great. I hope it goes well for you. He's hit in the head by a ball.    Grace can't help but s Bruce leaps at the opportunity. BRUCE
108) 8) text: . . . I don't know what to say. BRUCE
108) 12) text: What? How do you know about that? Did you talk to Debbie? BRUCE
108) 14) text: Hey, you said ass. BRUCE
108) 17) text: Alright, inside, Martin. (to the others) Okay everyone, inside. The kids race in. Grace starts to follow. BRUCE
108) 19) text: I have to go...                                      * She starts off. . . BRUCE
108) 20) text: Wait. Bruce DRAMATICALLY RAISES A HAND TOWARD GRACE, like putti love spell on her. BRUCE
108) 23) dialog: Drin kin g? Sur e. I'm dru nk wit h POWER. Bruce RAISES BOTH HANDS IN FULL HEXING FASHION... BRUCE
108) 25) text: (a beat) You need help. She heads back inside. Bruce throws his hands in the air, frustrated.
109) 0) text: Bruce heads for his car as he sees a two guys in PRISON S (from the prison yard) drive off with it.
110) 1) text: Ha, nice wheels, huh? BRUCE sits up in the back seat. BRUCE
110) 2) text: Thou shalt not steal. The prisoners JUMP. BRUCE
110) 3) text: Car, show them the way out. Instantly, the car doors fly open and the seats tilt side dumping the prisoners. BRUCE
111) 9) text: The world's gone mad. Jack clicks off the monitor. Bruce hustles in from make-u An air of forced confidence about him. Nothing and no one going to ruin his big moment. JACK
111) 10) text: Oh, there you are. Your big debut. How you feeling? BRUCE
111) 11) text: You know what? I'm good. The show must go on. Bruce sits in the anchor desk, breathes in the reality. SUSAN
111) 12) text: (whispers) Bruce, if I had any idea Grace was going to be there last night... BRUCE
111) 15) text: Okay, the Sabers just won the Stanley Cup. It's getting pretty crazy out there. We're going to kick live to Fred at the stadium. Oh, and Bruce, you won the pool again. Exact score, dead on. Twenty-three to one, who would have thought.