10) 6) text: Ah, isn't that last one a little misleading? I mean, the story's about flu shots. Do we have to scare people to death? EVAN
10) 12) text: Come on. You're turning orange.                       * EVAN                                        *
10) 16) text: Jack, shouldn't the promos be                       * focusing on Pete's retirement. This is his last week. EVAN
10) 18) text: Evan, you'11 know something when I know something. Bruce bursts into the room. The meeting stops. Jack doesn need to say anything, he just looks at his watch. BRUCE
10) 20) text: Nice story, Bruce, but we're going with Evan's piece on the sex scandal at the mayor's office for sweeps. This hits Bruce hard. A beat of silence. EVAN
10) 21) text: And that's the way the cookie crumbles. The others chuckle. Only Ally remains sympathetic. EVAN
10) 23) text: (re: Evan's perfect posture) That's great Evan. (MORE)
10) 26) text: Okay, knock it off... Bruce we're holding your story in reserve. Now, can we get back to the board so we have something to air today? Jack continues with assignments. Evan sits smugly, as Bru slides down into his chair, deflated.
11) 5) text: Look, Jack. Hear me out, I'm getting desperate man, I am pushing forty and what have I got to show for it? The point is, I've hit some kind of a ceiling here. Some kind of anti-Bruce barrierI And Evan is just lovin' it, by the way. He gets the good stories, he gets on sweeps. Maybe I have to be more like Evan. JACK
11) 6) text: You don't want to be like Evan. Evan's an asshole. BRUCE
11) 21) text: Well now you and Evan get the live feeds. BRUCE
14) 17) text: Pete's shoes are virtually impossible to fill, but the show must go on. And we could think of no one better than our very own Evan Baxter.
14) 20) text: Congratulations, Evan. Looks like we'll be sitting side by side from now on. EVAN
14) 21) text: Thanks, Susan. I ' m thrilled and honored. Like you said, no one can replace the great Pete Fineman, but I'll do my best. I have to say I am so proud to be a part of our local community. Of Buffalo. I think a great city is a lot like a great recipe really. Put in some hard working citizens, add some care givers, maybe a few nuts... The other news anchors and Evan himself chuckle at "his" joke. Bruce listens on the feed, beyond stunned. EVAN (CONT'D)
18) 1) text: We may be having a bit of technical difficulty... Evan smiles in the background, clearly enjoying himself.
24) 1) text: First off, "I want to add another congratulations to Evan Baxter. It's good to see what someone with real talent can accomplish when great opportunities are given to him instead of me. (still smiling) Anyway, I'm here, I believe with Katherine Hepburn's mom. Tell me, why did you toss the blue "heart of the ocean" jewel over the railing of Titanic? The Old Woman doesn't know what to say. BRUCE
34) 12) text: Honey, you're mad right now. It's understandable. And what Evan did was slimy and wrong. But your job doesn't matter to me. You matter to me. You could've really been hurt. I'm just glad you're okay. BRUCE
69) 2) dialog: And I'm Evan Baxter. And here's what's making news... This stops Bruc e. He watc hes Evan on a newsr oom monit devilish smile forms on Bruce's face. EVAN
69) 3) text: A potential scandal with the Buffalo P.D. surfaced today when... Evan's voice suddenly becomes HIGH PITCHED, like a girls. EVAN
69) 4) text: (falsetto) ...the mayor demanded that the Chief of Police issue... (clears his throat) ...Uh-hum, that the Chief of Police... Evan tries to clear his throat again, but his voice remai HIGH PITCHED.
69) 8) dialog: (falsetto) I'm sorry. There seems to be something. Evan shoots Susan a look to cover for him.        Susan t cover with a joke.
69) 18) dialog: The White House reception committee greeted the Prime Rib Roast Minister and I do the cha cha like a sissy girl... (urged to keep going, so continues slowly)
69) 19) text: I lika do da cha cha... In desperation, Evan shifts from the prompter to the pape script on his desk.
69) 20) dialog: Sorry, we're having a few technical difficulties, here... (reading)                                      *
69) 21) text: In other n-n-n-n....n-n-n-n...                     * Evan's NOSE STARTS BLEEDING. A sudden stream out of one nostril. Susan reacts. So does Jack. Bruce smiles. ,   Evan sees the blood, tries to stop it but it only str -/    faster. He keeps talking, but the stream increases. gets up, tries to help.
69) 24) text: I mean, I'm not really qualified. Evan's hair IGNITES.