61) 0) text: FADE UP: a sweet 5-YEAR-OLD GIRL (AMITA) lies in bed in t stillness, staring over at Saroo with huge unblinking eye Saroo stares back. The sounds come closer. Saroo turns and watches as the two men - one a GUARD, the other a well-dressed OUTSIDER - stride past the open door A door opens (0/S, AUDIO). Whimpering - a scuffle - shout Then Saroo catches a glimpse of a HAUNTED BOY (8) being dragged past the door by the men. Terror in the boy’s eye Saroo so wide-eyed and wide awake in the dark night. AUDITORY SEQUENCE (while on Saroo): a confusing auditory nightmare. Beatings. Cries of anguish. Rape. Amita simply stares across to Saroo. Then after a time, she closes her eyes. Saroo stares at the ceiling, eyes wide. The noises contin
62) 0) text: Saroo shovels the thin gruel into his mouth in cowed sile Amita by his side, doing the same.
62) 4) dialog: I've seen it.
62) 6) dialog: I'd like to own a watch one day. Long pause.
64) 0) text: Saroo lies listening, soothed, as Amita softly sings. The song becomes the AUDIO “BED” as we travel over the landsc of the various CHILDREN in this holding room of lost soul hands covered in scabs, eyes all staring. Listening. Not a child in this room has any idea of their fate. The holds it all together: for this one moment, all are sooth ON SAROO: gradually, his eyes close. FADE TO BLACK. Over the black, a SUPER: THREE MONTHS LATER
67) 0) text: Two KIDS play a joyless game - others pace the yard and l B/G - while Saroo sits against a decayed wall at the yard edge. Amita beside him - holding that photo of Sue and Jo ON THE PHOTO: already, it’s battered and frayed and folde Amita studies it, with the fiercest interest. Saying noth but knowing everything. Nodding. Knowing he’s going. Know how lucky he is. She looks up at the clouds through the wire mesh open roo Saroo looks up there too. A silent communion between the Then - almost formally - Amita takes the tiny Ganesh medallion from around her neck. Puts it around Saroo’s ne Not cheap and touristy, but ancient-looking, and worn - almost like something dug up from an archeological dig.
67) 1) dialog: Ganesh will look after you. He’s the god of new beginnings. Saroo takes her hand in his. They sit there, side by side
140) 0) text: ON little AMITA, lying in bed, staring.
153) 0) text: CLOSE on little Saroo’s hand, scavenging through the tras at that moment the YELLOW BUTTERFLY lands on it. As he carefully stands, and spreads his arms: PANORAMIC WIDE of an ochre landscape. Full of yellow butterflies. The YELLOW is fluttering, fluttering, and starts FILLING FRAME. AUDIO: very faintly a haunting refrain rises: the lullaby little Amita sang that long-ago night in Liluah.