0) 4) text: Saroo and Guddu hide in wait in the shrubs along the trac A huge COAL TRAIN lumbers toward them, picking up speed. Guddu bursts out - clambers up onto the moving train. Saroo runs alongside, terrified and at the same time lovi the thrill. His bare feet hurting on the rough ground. Guddu effortlessly swings himself onto the open coal car.
0) 5) dialog: Keep up! Keep up! Guddu starts throwing coal off the train, into the makesh net of Saroo’s shirt - mostly missing. At any moment Saroo could go under those giant wheels. Along the tracks: THREE MEN (SECURITY) give chase, shouti Guddu clambers down. The boys scramble for stray lumps of coal. But they don’t have much time; the men are gaining. They peel off into the dense scrub, giggling as they spri well-trodden short-cuts; the men begin to recede, B/G.
1) 0) text: Bustling Khandwa. Colors, street stalls, people everywher Saroo and Guddu stride confidently through all this, hold their pregnant coal bellies in place. They know this rout
4) 0) text: Home is a dirt-floor shack. Kerosene lamp. Bare walls. Co fire in the corner. Plastic dish tub. Subsistence living. Saroo’s MOTHER (KAMLA, 30 - beautiful, but lined by life) ladles dhal onto plates for Saroo, Guddu, and SHEKILA (2) KALLU (a boy, 9 - Saroo and Guddu’s brother, cheeky, flig enters, sits, unwrapping a cloth containing scraps of bre
6) 0) text: Stillness of the night outside. Shekila sleeps; Saroo nea there. But when Guddu slips out the door, Saroo sees him
6) 1) text: Guddu wrestles his rickety bicycle from its hiding place.
6) 3) dialog: You did good today, Saroo.
6) 5) dialog: A week. You have to mind Shekila.
6) 7) dialog: You're too little to carry sacks. It’s very hard work.
6) 9) dialog: Okay. Put it down. Guddu laughs at the absurdity and sheer balls.
7) 0) text: Travelling at breakneck speed - Saroo joyfully perched on handlebars - the boys emerge from the underpass. The busy streets whizzing past. Guddu the daredevil.
8) 0) text: Saroo and Guddu standing on a crowded night train. Hemmed
9) 0) text: The majority of the crowd are disembarking at a station. In a deftly-practised move, Saroo and Guddu scurry like monkeys under the seats, scavenging for scraps. On Guddu: he finds a peso. (It’s about 1/100th of a Rupee
9) 1) dialog: Peso! On Saroo: he grabs something. A peanut. He cracks the she
10) 0) text: The train is moving again. Plenty of seats now. Saroo looks totally exhausted, his head resting on Guddu. Guddu strokes Saroo, dreamily staring out into the blackn
11) 0) text: The train pulls into Burhanpur Station. The PASSENGERS disembark. Last off is Guddu, carrying sleeping Saroo. Guddu sits Saroo down on a bench.
11) 1) dialog: Saroo - wake up! Saroo simply groans, and curls up sideways.
11) 2) dialog: You have to walk.
11) 4) dialog: You're too little for late nights!
11) 6) dialog: I'll go sort things for tomorrow. Then we can find a place to sleep.
11) 8) text: Very funny. Wait here. You don’t move, okay? Guddu leaps off the end of the platform. Familiar with it ON Saroo: deep asleep in an instant. ON Guddu: tiny figure, hopping his way along the tracks. FADE TO BLACK.
92) 4) dialog: One day, I’m going to buy you one!
93) 0) text: Staring intensely at the orange spiral sweets, Saroo slow reaches his hand forward - reaches back in time - towards this unattainable thing he never got to taste. He picks one up, studies it. As if it’s some mystical communion wafer. He puts it to his mouth. Bites into it. The significance the moment hits him hard - he is eating for Guddu too. Just then Lucy enters. Something not right here...
97) 7) dialog: Saroo?! SAROO?! His panic rising, he runs, searching, continuing to screa INT. SAROO’S STUDENT APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS Guddu’s SCREAM (AUDIO) trails into the beginning of this scene, as we find Saroo overcome by those screams. His he racing. His heart pounding. His breath catching in his ch
101) 0) text: - and suddenly we’re behind LITTLE Saroo (same camera ang as he follows a scene of utter CHAOS as three POLICEMEN d screaming Guddu to a paddy wagon - - Shekila wailing in Saroo’s arms, Guddu kicking and screaming, Kamla grabbing at the policemen - - as they spill from inside the home to the alley outside
101) 1) dialog: Ammi! Ammi! [Mummy! ]
104) 0) text: Neighbors are gathering at their doors and windows, watch the commotion, as the police drag Guddu from the door to paddy wagon, Guddu resisting, Saroo and Shekila distresse
104) 2) dialog: Ammi! SLAM! They bundle him, struggling, into the paddy wagon. fingers through the grille, his terrified eyes looking ou
104) 5) dialog: Saroo! Saroo is shell-shocked, his big brother being taken away. is numb, trying to process it. But Kamla is positively fe As she screams and keeps kicking up a fuss, we’re CLOSER Guddu and Saroo:
104) 6) dialog: Saroo! Listen to me. Pay attention! Saroo crying, focuses on Guddu, nods bravely Okay. 63
104) 7) dialog: Whatever happens, you need to be strong - nothing can break us if we stick together - Kamla rattles the paddy wagon door, fearless, feral.
104) 9) dialog: I’m talking about Ammi. You understand? Saroo nods, Yes.
104) 10) dialog: Look after her, Saroo! Don’t let me down. This is all we have. We stick together -
106) 2) dialog: Brother - Little Saroo proudly gives Guddu some tomatoes he has sto Guddu devours them, ravenously, urgently - keeping his ba to the MEN in the cell (B/G).
106) 3) dialog: Where did you get these? Saroo merely grins.
106) 4) dialog: You’re my hero. 64 Saroo couldn’t be prouder.
106) 5) dialog: But you have to go! They will catch you! I’1l be out soon! Go! Go to Ammi! Go quickly! Saroo nods, runs. He is his brother’s hero. We follow little Saroo for a time. Sprinting his heart ou Gliding through the dark Indian night. Running. Running. INT. SAROO & LUCY’S LIVING ROOM - VERY LATE NIGHT Saroo is now lying on the couch - laptop on his belly - t SOUNDS of his running fading from the previous scene. An ever-so-slight smile on his face.
122) 0) text: Saroo spies out of the window. As Mantosh heads off down the beach, he’s joined by a DRU MATE, who has been lurking somewhere near. The mate looks to Mantosh, inquisitive, Well? Mantosh jus shakes his head, No go. They walk away. Saroo turns. Guddu is there, also watching Mantosh. Saroo and Guddu look at each other. Saroo returns to his search.
125) 0) text: Little Saroo on the tracks, proudly holds his pregnant be of coal. Guddu bustles over to him.
125) 1) dialog: Come on, hurry. Little Saroo looks so happy, as they trot off together.
130) 0) text: TWO MONTHS LATER. CLOSE on a table filled with leftover Chinese food (where some people have just finished and le the table), when a SMALL INDIAN HAND comes into frame, th fingers scooping up the food - - we TRACK up the arm to reveal Guddu - wolfing down the with bare hands, greatly enjoying it - and all the while staring across to - - Saroo (other side of the food court) - who stares right back, sitting in front of his untouched (western) meal.
136) 0) text: Kamla tends to Saroo’s gash. Saroo’s crying. Shekila’s wailing. Kamla wipes the wound with a cloth. Guddu enters, drenched too. It’s still pouring outside.
145) 0) text: Saroo’s eyes, still flickering. Guddu sits in the dark - dusk or dark now - watching over Saroo. Keeping his dista Giving Saroo space. He knows the memories are the search. 85
150) 0) text: Saroo, a tiny figure, walks down to the water’s edge. 94 He strips off - and starts to walk into the water... stop as the pain of the cold kicks in... the endless horizon beyond. He looks back at the shed - Mantosh will not survive with him. He spots Guddu, looking vulnerable, worried, is he losing Saroo?... His locked stare with Guddu. A deep breath from Saroo - - Guddu looks alarmed, as if he wants to stop Saroo - - Saroo DIVES. UNDERWATER - fluid, peaceful, muffled. Saroo’s wild hair flowing. He comes up - roaring - oh, the shock! - his wild wet man
151) 0) text: Saroo steps up to the wall. All its madness in front of h He reaches for a flag pin. Pulls it out. What’s he doing? He stabs it back into the map - to a totally different pa of India. Way outside the search radius. Then with both hands, he starts pulling out flag pins, stabbing them anywhere. Jumbling them up. Pins everywhere There are pins now all over the place. Pakistan. The Himalayas. He’s just deliberately ruined a year or two of painstakin work. Making certain it’s over, and there’s no turning ba Casually, he SWIPES at a section of printouts spreading o from the main map, scotch-taped together. In a domino eff other printouts tear away. More flag pins go flying. A me He leans his head against the wall. Saroo slumps down on the couch. End of the road. He has t move on too. Over on the Wall: that mess he’s just made. 95 The laptop sits open on the couch. He leans across, place his finger on the trackpad, follows a train line - - then starts to flick the track pad, faster. So that bef the station has time to reach full resolution - - he flicks again, carelessly, without method. And suddenly - it’s a kind of goodbye - he veers off the line completely - out over land - and more land - - doing on the SCREEN what he just did on the WALL - - random shifts, here, there, left, right. Jerky. EVERYTH starts cascading in his psyche, as his memories make thei final fight for life. So we see MAD SNIPPETS and FLASHES: GUDDU - COAL THEFT - DAM - JOY - UNDERPASS - STREETS —
179) 0) text: Saroo is walking TOWARDS US along the tracks. Stepping on every second sleeper. The dam over there, B/G. REVERSE: MATCH SHOT so it feels like a normal reverse, BU ON THE REVERSE: it’s twelve-year-old Guddu and five-year- Saroo, walking AWAY FROM US down that long stretch of tra Guddu’s arm draped over Saroo’s shoulder. Saroo dragging stick behind him, clack-clack-clack along the sleepers. They're literally walking off into the sunset. And we