74) 0) text: - where JOHN (32) and SUE (29) BRIERLEY stand up anxiousl Everyone just stands there for a moment - so tentative -
74) 2) dialog: (softly) I’m John. This is Sue. Saroo has retreated behind Swarmina’s leg - he holds on f dear life and peers out shyly. Wide-eyed. First boy on Ma Sue kneels gently. A lifetime of waiting brims in her eye She looks down on Saroo with as much astonishment as he h
75) 0) text: We’re behind Saroo as he enters the house, awed, alert, curious. Sue and John gently prod -
75) 1) dialog: That’s okay - have a look around - Saroo is goggle-eyed. Sue gives running commentary wherev he goes. Whatever he looks at. This is the Living room. That's the television. [etc...] The clean white benches. The shiny refrigerator. Saroo steps up to the fridge. He looks back to Sue: May I He opens the door. The colourful glory of western groceri Stands there, mouth open, simply stunned. Shuts it gently INT. SAROO’S BEDROOM, BRIERLEY HOME - MINUTES LATER (DAY) Saroo’s bedroom. A box of toys. Saroo looks up at Sue and John, not quite believing his eyes: Can I touch these?
75) 3) dialog: You can play with them. But Saroo just stands there, lost in a moment of fully ta in his parents. John Brierley. Sue Brierley. White Martia Saroo blinks twice.
75) 4) dialog: (kneeling) Here you go. (pushing a truck) You have a go, son. Saroo picks it up. Simply studies its wheels. Spins one. He’s too overwhelmed, too shy, to play immediately. Looks at his parents again. 36
75) 5) dialog: See how the doors open. Look. Like this. John demonstrates the truck doors. Saroo likes that. He o and closes the tiny doors. He puts the truck on the ground - pushes it along. Gets l in the activity. Then he looks up. As he takes in the room once more, something on the wall catches his attention: - a detailed MAP OF INDIA. Saroo recognizes the triangle, that dense information, though he can no more understand written English than he could the Bengali on that map in police station back in Calcutta -
78) 0) text: The modest boat - lovingly maintained - skips across the water. Her name - SUZIE - painted on the side. John teach Saroo how to sail. Saroo is deeply absorbed - his little face earnest. Sue - wind in her hair - watches them with unconcealed delight.
79) 1) dialog: Howzat! The Brierleys play cricket on a curve of white sand, at t extraordinarily beautiful Wineglass Bay. The small family boat is moored nearby, in the azure water. With a child’s wooden cricket bat, Sue hits the ball high the air in a graceful arc that forces Saroo to really spr
79) 2) dialog: (excited commentator) It’s going for six! No, young Saroo’s under it! - Saroo leaps for the ball again - dives into the water’s e as he catches it -
79) 5) dialog: (commentator) Ohhhh! Saroo Brierley has done the impossible! Australia wins on the final ball of the day! Let’s look at the slow motion replay!
80) 3) dialog: Mantosh - I’m John. This is Sue. And this is your brother Saroo. Say hello, Saroo. Saroo says nothing; gently hands the drawing to Mantosh. Mantosh doesn’t even take it, doesn’t even look at it. Saroo, perplexed, glances at Sue. The minder smiles at Sue. But you can see she’s had a tou 24 hours, and knows there’s something’s wrong with this k AUDIO (B/G, faint): John and Sue make small-talk with the minder, along the lines of “You have a nice flight?” etc. But down here at kid level, all of Saroo’s focus is on th wired boy whose eyes dart crazily, whose hands are scarre and scabbed. Saroo is basically thinking, “What the hell we got here?” [In Mantosh, we get the visual and behavioral echoes with Haunted Boy in Liluah too. ] INT. SAROO’S BEDROOM, BRIERLEY HOME - DAY Saroo stands frozen and freaked out in his own bedroom, e wide open - listening to a great commotion along the hall Saroo leans to his open door - peeks out -
81) 0) text: REVERSE of that: a sliver of the chaos in the living room - (Saroo’s POV) Sue in silhouette, frozen - as beyond her Mantosh screams like a banshee for no apparent reason. A child's cricket bat flies across the room, clattering aga the china cabinet - as John lunges to protect it -
81) 1) dialog: Woh woh woh woh! Hang on, sunshine - Mantosh ransacking his own new toys - Tasmanian devil sty
81) 2) dialog: Careful with the furniture, mate. Mantosh starts to hit himself, screaming. Losing breath. Sue and John try to calm him.
81) 3) dialog: C’mon. Breathe. Deep breaths. 40 BACK ON SAROO: in his sliver of doorway, watching the sce up the hallway, he simply CLOSES HIS EYES. CUT TO BLACK.
84) 0) text: Saroo, John and Sue sit in a busy restaurant - glass wall wine glasses tinkling, sunlight bouncing off the harbour. There’s a fourth place-setting, untouched. Clearly this i huge moment - their son is leaving. John pours the champa Saroo, observing the ritual. Sue, her eyes sparkling, to Saroo, re: the champagne - isn’t this exciting?
84) 2) dialog: (jokes) It’s across the water. They hold their glasses up. Respect and care in this fami
84) 4) dialog: And then some.
84) 10) dialog: Those great big eyes - Sue and John smile at each other.
84) 12) dialog: You’re a good lad, Saroo.
84) 14) dialog: (toasts) To success. 42 At this moment the WAITER comes up.
84) 21) dialog: Just let it be, son. Sue puts on her brave smile. Takes another sip of champag
112) 0) text: Saroo on the deck with John, who’s just stacked some fres cooked chops on a plate. Sausages sizzling away on the gr
112) 1) dialog: Not partying too hard? Saroo, amused by that.
112) 3) dialog: You look a bit tired.
112) 5) dialog: How’s it with Lucy?
112) 7) dialog: We love Lucy.
113) 11) dialog: Son! ON Lucy. Okay. Right. She feels the world, between them a in that cigarette smoke. All the spaces in between them.
114) 0) text: Saroo, Lucy, John and Sue at the table, serving up. A dar cloud building over Saroo. 69
114) 4) dialog: That's just half. I’ve got more in the garage.
114) 20) dialog: Now, now -
114) 23) dialog: C’mon. Breathe. Big breaths. You're okay. Shhh. Shh. You’re good, luv. You're good. 71 Mantosh continues muttering, distressed. Quite the show f Lucy - 25 years of history in a minute.
114) 25) dialog: No - Mantosh - it’s all good, shh - John leaves in pursuit, he throws a glance back at Saroo
114) 26) dialog: - nice one, mate - Sue looks to Saroo: if looks could kill.
147) 0) text: John, looking up. He has a “care package” from Sue. He pu it by the door. He waits. Nothing.
147) 1) dialog: It’s the One Day International tomorrow. Come over if you like. We'll get some beer and pizzas. Nothing from inside the house. INSIDE: Saroo just stands there, pressed against the wall Frozen. Conflicted.
147) 2) dialog: I meant to tell you - I fixed the tiller. Why don’t we take her out, head up the coast? Maybe see if we can round up Mantosh. Pause. John, listening.
147) 3) dialog: Saroo, your mum’s not - Whatever he was about to say ("Your mum’s not doing so well”), he stops it. Looks down at the care package.
147) 4) dialog: Your mum’s made a nice cake for you. Put a few other goodies in here too. (beat) I think she’d love a visit. He stands there, hoping against hope that Saroo will sudd appear.
147) 5) dialog: Right. Take care, son. He turns to walk away.
167) 0) text: Saroo holds the door open as Sue walks into the room. John, just arrived in his work clothes, stands there, pro as punch - watching his wife.
167) 1) dialog: You need to look at this - Sue enters slowly, mesmerized by something off-screen. Emotions palpably rippling across her face. REVERSE: we follow her as she walks up to the map - it’s still in disarray from Saroo’s flag pin destruction, but can see how amazing and methodical it was. Sue studies it. The grandeur, the scope, the epic madness even in its fractured state. Its magnificence. ON Saroo: watching her, anticipating her response.