4) 0) text: Home is a dirt-floor shack. Kerosene lamp. Bare walls. Co fire in the corner. Plastic dish tub. Subsistence living. Saroo’s MOTHER (KAMLA, 30 - beautiful, but lined by life) ladles dhal onto plates for Saroo, Guddu, and SHEKILA (2) KALLU (a boy, 9 - Saroo and Guddu’s brother, cheeky, flig enters, sits, unwrapping a cloth containing scraps of bre
5) 2) dialog: You know I have to work.
42) 0) text: - and opens them, the water cascading off his face. REVERSE: he’s looking at Kamla, bathing him. Saroo blinks, looking at: Kamla’s face, as she concentrates on washing him. INT. NOOR’S ROOFTOP HOME - CONTINUOUS (NIGHT) Saroo blinks, looking at: 19 Noor’s face - as she concentrates on washing him. She takes his cheeks in her hand -
49) 2) dialog: Good boy. Saroo starts helping - lifts a rock far too heavy for him
49) 3) dialog: (laughing as he struggles) Not this one, Saroo. Get those little ones. He gathers a couple of rocks, drops them into her wooden
49) 4) dialog: Small ones at the back. That’s it. Look at your muscles! Saroo grins, flexes his muscles like a bodybuilder.
49) 5) dialog: (laughs) Good boy. Good boy. 24
50) 0) text: Heart-wrenching - Saroo’s attempts at a nest, at belongin A filthy blanket; water bottle; broken toy car; mussel sh And another cardboard sheet. Which he’s lying on now, on belly, a torn Indian Vogue propped against the wall. Saroo parks the toy car at the base of the Swiss mountain a Breitling watch ad. He loads the seashell onto the roof the car and drives it away, making little-child NOISES. He fills the mussel shell with dirt and tiny pebbles, pus it to the corner, tips the contents out. Like Kamla’s hod
101) 0) text: - and suddenly we’re behind LITTLE Saroo (same camera ang as he follows a scene of utter CHAOS as three POLICEMEN d screaming Guddu to a paddy wagon - - Shekila wailing in Saroo’s arms, Guddu kicking and screaming, Kamla grabbing at the policemen - - as they spill from inside the home to the alley outside
101) 3) dialog: You can’t arrest him! Kamla lashes at the policemen - we follow behind Saroo as they drag Guddu up the street to the waiting wagon - 62
104) 1) dialog: Guddu!
104) 3) dialog: He hasn’t done anything wrong -
104) 8) dialog: Arrrrggghh! ...
117) 2) dialog: Saroo! (JUMP CUTS.) She’s beside herself. Searching empty lanewa
117) 3) dialog: Saroo! Saroo! Faces everywhere. Kamla looks like a crazy lady. People peer out from their windows and doorways. She neve stops, the camera always moving. A mother in panic.
119) 0) text: Kamla is by the river, amongst the prayer, the smoke, the chanting. Kids in the river, swimming. Washing. She hunts their faces.
119) 1) dialog: Saroo! WIDE: she searches in this enormous landscape - strange, poetic, haunting - the PEOPLE like ants ...
119) 2) dialog: Saroo! Her voice drowned out by the sound of a train, passing ov the river.
128) 0) text: Kamla walks up to the very edge of railway track just as train rips past very fast. An endless stream of carriages - the noise and speed viol crazy, dangerous - but Kamla shows no fear.
128) 1) dialog: Saroo! Saroo! Her screams drowned out by the racket of the train. She i hell, but cannot - will not - give up.
136) 0) text: Kamla tends to Saroo’s gash. Saroo’s crying. Shekila’s wailing. Kamla wipes the wound with a cloth. Guddu enters, drenched too. It’s still pouring outside.
136) 1) dialog: Where were you? You were meant to be looking after him! Guddu knows he messed up. He looks upset, ashamed. Saroo Shekila cry and cry. But now Kamla draws Saroo closer, and ever so gently she kisses his forehead better. His crying begins to subside.
137) 0) text: But now, it’s not Kamla who kisses it better. It’s Lucy - gentle, loving - kissing that old scar on Saroo’s forehea They've just made love - all those endorphins and oxytoci flooding their bodies - on the mattress on the floor. There’s an edge to it all: Saroo’s life still looks bache transient and obsessively preoccupied; Lucy is conflicted knowing she shouldn’t really have gone down this path. But god it’s nice, after sex: even with the floating sadn
139) 0) text: ON KAMLA - unmoving, sensing Saroo;
149) 27) dialog: That one is Makara, the sea monster. You see his long tail?
149) 30) dialog: I don’t know. It’s as deep as the ocean up there. Pause. They’re all staring straight up, in wonder.
149) 31) dialog: (gesturing) See the bright one, and the line like that? That’s Simha. The lion. 90
149) 33) dialog: He might. When he gets hungry enough. ON Saroo: gazing up. Sheer wonder. Thinking about Simha. REVERSE - their POV. The incomparable spread of stars. INT. SAROO’S CAR - DUSK Saroo, looking up at the ceiling of his car. A single tear rolls from his eye. Gentle SOUNDS on the ro spitting of rain. BANG on the window - a wet and bedraggled MANTOSH, has ju pulled up in his UTE, waders over his arm, smoking a join
169) 3) dialog: (grinning, nodding) Good boy.
174) 15) dialog: Sheru! They embrace each other, tightly.
174) 19) dialog: (stabbing the photo) It’s him. I know it’s him. My son has come back. 106 She reaches up, parts the hair on his forehead. Sure enou the scar.
174) 22) dialog: The watermelons!
174) 24) dialog: (heartbroken) Guddu. Guddu. Saroo, not wanting to believe what he thinks she’s saying
174) 26) dialog: (she’s nearly hysterical) Shekila! It’s him! (to Saroo) This is Shekila! This is your sister! Saroo, amazed.