88) 0) text: Induction over. The aisle between the seats is crowded. Saroo shuffles along shoulder to shoulder with other stud of many races. He hears fragments of Hindi - it strikes him how many Ind students there are. He nods neutral hellos to them. Saroo eavesdrops as an IN STUDENT on her cell phone excitedly calls her Ammi. Saroo is stuck at the end of a row. Opposite him - also s - is a beautiful young woman - LUCY (late 20's). She meet his eye. They step forward together. A mirror-moment.
89) 0) text: Open MID on Lucy - we’re in a round-robin discussion in a tutorial of about fifteen STUDENTS, assorted ages and backgrounds. A non-Anglo TUTOR.
89) 1) dialog: - so I saw first-hand how the hospitality industry brings infrastructure to communities that really need it. But I also saw the problems that causes. Which is why community groups really need to be involved, every step of the way. And taken seriously. And I thought - I could help give them a voice. Saroo, watching, listening, entranced by this beautiful, idealistic woman.
89) 2) dialog: Not try to prevent progress, but convince developers there are benefits to being sustainable and community oriented.
89) 4) dialog: (laughs) Absolutely. In return, the labour force would be more consistent and better trained and more motivated. Win-win.
89) 7) dialog: That sounds good! Done. She looks to Saroo: his turn next.
89) 18) dialog: You love cricket though, right?
90) 0) text: Beers in hand, Saroo climbs the exterior stairs of a 70’s block, where a long balcony leads along the third floor. As he reaches the landing, he sees Lucy at the far end - coming up the opposite identical stairs. Like mirrors aga Struck by the serendipity again - and Saroo struck by Luc beauty - they burst into smiles. As they arrive at the door, Bollywood music can be heard. They can’t resist the “mirror” temptation - they knock on door in unison, cracking up.
91) 0) text: Prama opens the front door to Saroo and Lucy -
91) 2) dialog: Wow, something smells amazing!
91) 8) dialog: Okay, I say flashlight - (to Annika) - you say -—
91) 10) dialog: (to Saroo) You say —-
91) 14) dialog: And what's “taxi”?
91) 17) dialog: See? It’s the same in every language.
91) 20) dialog: (to Saroo) Have you travelled much? Saroo shakes his head.
93) 0) text: Staring intensely at the orange spiral sweets, Saroo slow reaches his hand forward - reaches back in time - towards this unattainable thing he never got to taste. He picks one up, studies it. As if it’s some mystical communion wafer. He puts it to his mouth. Bites into it. The significance the moment hits him hard - he is eating for Guddu too. Just then Lucy enters. Something not right here...
93) 2) dialog: Saroo? We are TIGHT on the two. 51
94) 2) dialog: And you couldn’t speak Bengali?
95) 0) text: Saroo and Lucy walk in the streets. Silence.
95) 1) dialog: My mom died four years ago. Cancer.
95) 3) dialog: My dad still blames her. Not for getting sick, obviously. For refusing chemo.
95) 5) dialog: She knew herself. She knew her terms. How she wanted to live. (beat - morbid humour: ) Dad's attitude was, there’s only so much a juice cleanse can do. Saroo smiles at it.
95) 7) dialog: I miss her. You can see in her eyes how deeply this is true. Then she glances up at him, changes direction, deflects it:
95) 8) dialog: You miss yours? But Saroo himself has about eleven force-fields around hi
95) 10) dialog: What about your dad?
95) 12) dialog: Any brothers or sisters?
95) 14) dialog: So what do you think of Bharat’s search radius idea?
95) 16) dialog: (ironic enthusiasm) I think it sounds promising. Saroo nods, but it’s noncommittal, a little distant.
95) 17) dialog: You all right? 55 Saroo looks vulnerable; then suddenly he grins, and head- bobbles to her - Indian Style.
95) 18) dialog: Oh my god. You are so wrong! And suddenly, shaking himself out of the past - playing t Lucy - flirting with her - Saroo pulls a few dance moves, mock-Bollywood style. Lucy laughs, embarrassed but impressed. And even though i momentarily playful, they both know that something deep h connected them. INT. SAROO’S STUDENT APARTMENT - LATER, SAME NIGHT Saroo, alone in the dark - despite the spark with Lucy, s rattled by whatever it is the jalebis have opened up in h
97) 0) text: A wall of music. The BAND, sweating, pulsing, lost in the frenzy of instruments. A CROWD of dancing people. Saroo and Lucy, sweaty, tranced, deep ... their eyes lock a different kind of connection - visceral - almost alarmi They ride the music. Now a change of mood - the music shifts - haunting. 56 Saroo and Lucy hold each other up, enjoying the public intimacy. Their eyes meet - they hesitate - - this is real, the connection between them - - to surrender or not, that’s the question - - they go for it. Hand to hand, forehead to forehead -— - again, a mirror - physically connected this time. A transformative moment - - their senses, so alive - - so close, blurring into one. INT. SAROO’S STUDENT APARTMENT - NIGHT E/C/U: Saroo runs his finger slowly along the lines on Lu marble white arm and palm. WIDER: We’re in a tender post-coital darkness. Lucy drifting into sleep.
97) 8) dialog: Are you okay? He nods. Switches off the computer. This is too hard. She’s sitting up in bed, watching him. Her great, dark ey Her tangle of dark hair. She’s a goddess. He dives back into bed, back into the sensuality, the physical warmth, the miraculous present moment.
99) 0) text: Saroo’s in the shower. Singing to himself. Saroo and Lucy’s home - nothing expensive but evidence everywhere of care, taste, and a nesting impulse. Saroo dries himself. Towel around his waist. Walks into t bedroom. Starts up his laptop. ON SCREEN: India. He scrolls randomly along a railway track; then stops at STATION. The laptop struggles to render the image - the rotating h glass spins and spins... Saroo looks frustrated - his old laptop is crap. Lucy hurries in. All dressed up. Corporate. Sparkling.
99) 2) dialog: (panics) Oh God. It’s so long since I wore this. (beat) Have you got a stapler? He gets one. Staples her hem for her. She notices the computer struggling to render. Says nothing.
99) 4) dialog: I haven't got time... Saroo keeps kissing her, nuzzling - Lucy reciprocates.
108) 0) text: In the dawn light, Lucy walks into the living room, dress for a run. She finds Saroo, passed out on the couch, laptop still op on his belly. The neatly piled list of stations and other search paraphernalia on the floor. For a moment she looks concerned. Then she moves the lapt off him - without looking at the screen. Wriggles onto th couch, next to him. He groans.
108) 1) dialog: Time for a run... Saroo’s eyes open - his face says “You must be kidding me
109) 0) text: Saroo and Lucy run up a steep mountain track. Both hung-o for different reasons. But a combination of natural beaut fresh air and endorphins is kicking in. Lucy pulls ahead - Saroo grabs the back of her T-shirt to hold her back - she’s laughing.
109) 1) dialog: Oh my god - you are such a bad loser! 65 Saroo manages to race past her. Claims victory - we can s in him the same little kid from Wineglass Bay.
111) 0) text: Lucy comes in.
111) 1) dialog: Sweetheart? It’s after six... Saroo squeezes his eyes shut. As if he could somehow bloc out the present.
111) 2) dialog: Are you okay?
111) 5) dialog: They're beautiful ...
111) 8) dialog: I had no idea.
111) 10) dialog: Wow, look at Mantosh. ON PHOTO: Saroo, Mantosh, Sue and John laughing on the bo
113) 7) dialog: (very friendly) It’s nice to finally meet you. Mantosh continues to roll his ciggie, licking the paper.
114) 0) text: Saroo, Lucy, John and Sue at the table, serving up. A dar cloud building over Saroo. 69
114) 1) dialog: (to Saroo) I saw all your trophies...
114) 3) dialog: (re: Saroo) He never tells me anything about growing up -
114) 5) dialog: (re: Saroo) These days I can’t get him off the couch.
114) 7) dialog: Why can’t you tell them what you’ve been doing? -—
114) 15) dialog: (to Saroo) I can speak for myself. And how do you know how I feel? In his stoned amazement, Mantosh enjoys the spectacle.
115) 0) text: It’s silent. Lucy’s just woken up. She’s in bed, alone. Saroo’s pillows - neat. No sign he’s been in bed beside h Lucy - lost in her thoughts.
116) 0) text: Lucy walks into the living room, wearing Saroo’s old T-sh She opens the curtains. Sunrise floods the room. Saroo locks eyes with her vulnerable, searching stare. 72 He shuts the laptop - nothing here he wants to talk about holds her gaze. Almost defiant. Yep. I’ve been up all nig Yep. This is what I’m doing.
116) 1) dialog: Why don’t you want your parents to know?
116) 3) dialog: They’d support you. They’d understand.
116) 5) dialog: Because she wouldn’t want you hurt. She wants to protect you. She’s a mother. Beat. Saroo, so mad, so sleep-deprived, turning sour on L Whose side is she on?
116) 7) dialog: Of course I do. But I’m worried about you. (beat) About us. He walks into the kitchen. Leaving Lucy stranded. INT. LUKE’S PLACE - NIGHT Saroo and Lucy arrive at a party in a terrace house. Loud music - a narrow, packed hallway - a crush of PARTY GUEST They greet their FRIENDS, including Luke - the host. Saro all smiles. Loud and cheerful - over-playing it. Lucy's aware of his hyped-up mood - concern in her eyes. INT. LUKE’S LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS A short time later, Lucy is dancing. Saroo’s drinking. Looking around. Disconnected. 73 She beckons to him. He ignores her. Wanders out. She keeps dancing. EXT. LUKE’S BACK YARD - NIGHT Lucy searches out Saroo, who - uncharacteristically - has found a corner to be alone in. She stands in front of him. He doesn’t look at her. How l will he actually ignore her? She moves closer - takes his hands - places them on her b under her shirt. He pulls away.
116) 9) dialog: (furious) “I need another beer.” You always do that -
116) 11) dialog: - no, you stop it! There are party guests nearby - Saroo and Lucy keep their voices low, neither of them welcoming a public drama. But now Saroo disengages, infuriating her more.
116) 12) dialog: Where are you? He shakes his head.
116) 13) dialog: What does that mean?
116) 15) dialog: Talk to me. Be with me.
116) 17) dialog: Home? You mean the place I live, alone? With you - alone - in the next room?
116) 19) dialog: I moved here to be with you.
116) 21) dialog: What isn’t?
116) 23) dialog: Saroo! Luke, watching them head for the door. EXT. STREET OUTSIDE LUKE’S PLACE - CONTINUOUS (NIGHT) Saroo just wants to get away. Lucy follows.
116) 24) dialog: Don’t do this.
116) 26) dialog: You have to face reality.
116) 28) dialog: The reality that you’re ruining your life! That you’re not even here! 75
116) 30) dialog: (genuinely bewildered) What?
116) 32) dialog: Why haven’t you ever told me this was happening?
116) 34) dialog: (faint, soft) I never stopped you ... It’s as if Saroo suddenly sees her pain properly. And is brought back to earth. The air in him deflating.
116) 36) dialog: - don’t! Don’t you dare. Her eyes fill with tears.
116) 37) dialog: This is on you! Not me. Saroo can’t deal with her pain. He takes off. This time, doesn’t follow.
120) 0) text: TWO MONTHS LATER. SOUND of the sea. Bright marine light. track through the house. It’s virtually empty. The atmosp of a squat. No sign of homeliness, of warmth - of Lucy. A mattress on the living room floor. A master map of Indi the wall. Piles of print-outs - lists of railway stations some marked-up - most still pristine. Images of water tow train platforms, under-passes. Saroo - long hair, beard - has surrendered to his obsessi MUSIC starts - continues into a series of HARD CUTS: - Scrolling; waiting for the pixels to resolve. - A blue “train station” symbol. - CLOSER IN: a formless, satellite-image town. - On Saroo: studying its features. No, that’s not it. He stands - grabs a blue pin - sticks it into the map. - leans back into the screen. Reads the next town - - enters the name. - blue train station symbol. - Another town, the surrounds of the train station. - He grabs another blue pin - sticks it into the map. - Scroll. Symbol. Station. Pin. - Scroll. Symbol. Station. Pin. It becomes a rapid MONTAGE. Sound of someone hammering on front door.
131) 0) text: Saroo steps onto the escalator. The lights and muzak of capitalism definitely not working wonders for him. As he descends: there is someone ascending. It’s Lucy. Sh looks grounded and somehow resolved. They approach each other. Lucy sees him. Alarm in her eyes. He looks like a crazy m Saroo swings across, from his escalator to hers. As always, drawn by her vivid gaze, her intense life-forc
132) 0) text: Lucy follows Saroo up the stairs. She walks in and stops at the sight of Saroo’s “Project”. It’s mind-blowing. An entire wall is plastered in charts, train-timetables, station-name-lists, grainy images from Google Earth. On the Master Wall is a big map - surrounded by smaller o And all the pins ... The floor layered in books, notes, clothes, take-away containers. We go closer to the Master Wall with Lucy, inspecting it. Dense trails of colored drawing pins on the 400km search radius - different colors for different train lines. WALL KEY: green pin = Mumbai line, red pin = Nagpur line But our dominant visual information: in the past 6 months Saroo has covered a fraction of the search radius. The in circle only. 81 Saroo responds to Lucy’s look of fascination and alarm.
133) 0) text: Saroo and Lucy sit on the beach.
133) 1) dialog: What was she like?
133) 3) dialog: Same old, same old.
133) 5) dialog: Our funding came through.
133) 7) dialog: I saw your mom. She hasn’t been well. He doesn’t want to hear this.
133) 9) dialog: You underestimate her. A long, sad pause.
133) 10) dialog: She needs you.
137) 0) text: But now, it’s not Kamla who kisses it better. It’s Lucy - gentle, loving - kissing that old scar on Saroo’s forehea They've just made love - all those endorphins and oxytoci flooding their bodies - on the mattress on the floor. There’s an edge to it all: Saroo’s life still looks bache transient and obsessively preoccupied; Lucy is conflicted knowing she shouldn’t really have gone down this path. But god it’s nice, after sex: even with the floating sadn
137) 1) dialog: That village might not even exist any more. Entire worlds change in twenty-five years. I worry that ... - but she lets it trail off, and hang.
137) 3) dialog: That you’re chasing ghosts. She stands, pulls on her shirt. Smiles that brittle, pain loving smile at him. And his own heart is broken, because he knows he can’t do anything but keep on with that search. She opens the door, walks out. 84
166) 0) text: Saroo knocks. Lucy comes to the door. They stare at each other. She looks frightened - what’s happened...