81) 0) text: REVERSE of that: a sliver of the chaos in the living room - (Saroo’s POV) Sue in silhouette, frozen - as beyond her Mantosh screams like a banshee for no apparent reason. A child's cricket bat flies across the room, clattering aga the china cabinet - as John lunges to protect it -
85) 0) text: - through to the back - and there, in a patch of sunlight the unkempt, scrappy yard, sits ADULT MANTOSH on a log. Smoking a hand-rolled cigarette, drinking instant coffee. Saroo comes over. Wariness between the two. Mantosh: wiry edgy, nervy. Static electricity comes off this guy.
85) 1) dialog: Yeah, sorry I didn’t make lunch. Beat. Saroo, edgy.
85) 2) dialog: What’s the course again?
85) 4) dialog: So you’re gonna learn to, what - manage a hotel? (beat) Well, have fun. Saroo doesn’t answer.
85) 6) dialog: Some cash’d be good. This is not even taken seriously.
85) 8) dialog: I’m good at that. (beat) Hey, you can give me a job when you come back.
85) 10) dialog: - yeah, yeah - 44
85) 12) dialog: (incredulous) Mate. Why do you think I stay away?
113) 0) text: Saroo steps inside. And Mantosh is there, back turned, rolling a cigarette as he props the fridge door open with leg, inspecting the contents. He turns as he hears the sliding door.
113) 1) dialog: (nervously) Was wondering where everyone was. His eyes are BLAZING STONED. Saroo takes him in.
113) 4) dialog: Mum! Sue goes - tentatively - to hug him. Mantosh somehow mana to balance the half-rolled cigarette as she enfolds him. Through the awkwardness, it somehow becomes a warm embrac
113) 9) dialog: No worries. He heads outside to the deck. Saroo, fuming, can’t stand Mantosh does. He notices Sue, now readying the food in a fussy and manic way.
113) 10) dialog: Hey, Dad!
114) 10) dialog: Yum, dinner! He sits. Notices the tension. And it’s not from him!
114) 11) dialog: What? What have I missed?
114) 13) dialog: (noticing Lucy) She looks upset.
114) 16) dialog: Saroo knows everything. He’s an expert. He’s a manager.
114) 22) dialog: (so wounded) - I wouldn’t want to be your brother, mate — John cradles Mantosh, tries to talk him down. Mantosh las out - a verbal lashing too, semi-coherent. John doesn’t l go - handles it as he always has - whispering the mantra Mantosh’s face -—
121) 0) text: Mantosh is at the door. He looks nervous, desperate, stan there counting coins in his hand. He bangs harder on the door.
121) 1) dialog: Saroo, ya bastard! Silence. Mantosh, listening. 78
121) 2) dialog: Saroo! (beat) Mate, can you lend us fifty bucks? CLOSE on Mantosh, sweating there at the door. He doesn’t good. Mantosh gives up knocking, leaves.
121) 3) dialog: Yeah, whatever, dude.
122) 0) text: Saroo spies out of the window. As Mantosh heads off down the beach, he’s joined by a DRU MATE, who has been lurking somewhere near. The mate looks to Mantosh, inquisitive, Well? Mantosh jus shakes his head, No go. They walk away. Saroo turns. Guddu is there, also watching Mantosh. Saroo and Guddu look at each other. Saroo returns to his search.
149) 34) dialog: Brother from another mother. Your hair looks as bad as mine. Saroo, sits up, gets out. Mantosh offers Saroo the joint. Saroo shakes his head No. Mantosh takes a big toke. Flicks the joint away. INT. MANTOSH’S SHED - CONTINUOUS Inside, it’s barely habitable. A grimy sink. A rickety ta A single bed with grey blankets that look damp. Mantosh pours cheap whisky into two grubby glasses. He tu the RADIO on low. They sit, clink glasses, take a sip. Mantosh’s cheery fac fails to hide his desolation and desperation. He holds his hand out, horizontal.
149) 35) dialog: I’m off the speed, mate. Perhaps his hand trembles, just a little; Saroo notices.
149) 37) dialog: (wary) Oh yeah? What is it?
149) 41) dialog: That’s no good.
149) 43) dialog: I should get out to see her.
149) 45) dialog: We were the untouchables. You know that, don’t you? You know how much our lives were worth. Nothing. Zero. (remembering: such pain) They had no problem touching me. He looks up at Saroo as if coming out of a trance.
149) 46) dialog: You were one of the lucky ones. I’m not having a go at you. I’m genuinely happy for you.
149) 48) dialog: (smiling, but an edge) Not the same. I had bad luck being born. You got LOST! That’s all that happened, bro. And before anything bad even happened, you got whisked off to Australia. Do you know how long I was in Liluah for? Fourteen months. Silence.
149) 49) dialog: Not untouchable in there. Silence. Saroo, staring at Mantosh. The “lucky ones”. He knows he’s got a point: at Liluah, Saroo escaped the bogeyman.
149) 51) dialog: I’m persevering, bro. Trust me.
149) 53) dialog: We do things differently, you and me. You try to remember. I try to forget. Saroo is moved by his insight. They sit in silence in thi new, fragile camaraderie - the radio still playing low, B Mantosh stands at a song he likes. Turns up the volume. K Minogue’s I Can’t Get You Out Of My Head. 93 He takes a large swig of whiskey. A big smile spreads. He starts to dance to the music. His ridiculousness is infectious, and Saroo smiles too.
149) 54) dialog: C’mon, dance with your brother! Mantosh turns the volume up louder.
149) 55) dialog: (over the racket) c'mon! Saroo reluctantly gets up. And dances. Two goofy brothers And then: they begin to lose themselves. The scene becomes loud, frenetic, crazy. They can’t belie they’re doing this. They’re laughing like mad.
149) 56) dialog: (shouting in Saroo’s ear) I love you, Saroo. I’m gonna get better. Saroo grins, Okay, then. Good. Mantosh takes a big swig straight from the bottle. Passes it to Saroo, who does the same. Grinning. And now, they really do lose themselves. The dance is completely mad. And glorious. INT. MANTOSH’S SHED - DAWN DAWN. Saroo, wrapped in a blanket. Staring at his sleepin brother. The scars on Mantosh’s hands. The tobacco-staine fingers. The fragility. CLOSE: gently, carefully, Saroo places the old Ganesh medallion in the palm of Mantosh’s hand. He closes Mantosh’s fist around the medallion. EXT. PEBBLY BEACH NEAR MANTOSH’S SHED - DAWN Saroo steps outside into the freezing morning. No one abo Not a sound. Not a bird. Just the WILD WIND and the small gnarly steel-grey WAVES hitting the shore.
150) 0) text: Saroo, a tiny figure, walks down to the water’s edge. 94 He strips off - and starts to walk into the water... stop as the pain of the cold kicks in... the endless horizon beyond. He looks back at the shed - Mantosh will not survive with him. He spots Guddu, looking vulnerable, worried, is he losing Saroo?... His locked stare with Guddu. A deep breath from Saroo - - Guddu looks alarmed, as if he wants to stop Saroo - - Saroo DIVES. UNDERWATER - fluid, peaceful, muffled. Saroo’s wild hair flowing. He comes up - roaring - oh, the shock! - his wild wet man