0) 0) text: His TINY HANDS come into frame. Scavenging. IN TIGHTER: the same hands. Clearly a practised routine. A YELLOW BUTTERFLY flutters onto the hand. The hand STILL so as not to scare the butterfly. Our tiny figure (SAROO, 5) stands up, ever so carefully. FRONT ANGLE: we see him properly for the first time. Stud the butterfly. Entranced. Then he notices a few more. WIDER: he’s in a field entirely filled with their flutter Delighted, he spreads his arms wide. He moves through the butterflies - fluttering all around his head and shoulder Suddenly - a 5-year-old testing his powers - he ROARS -
0) 1) dialog: 
0) 4) text: Saroo and Guddu hide in wait in the shrubs along the trac A huge COAL TRAIN lumbers toward them, picking up speed. Guddu bursts out - clambers up onto the moving train. Saroo runs alongside, terrified and at the same time lovi the thrill. His bare feet hurting on the rough ground. Guddu effortlessly swings himself onto the open coal car.
1) 0) text: Bustling Khandwa. Colors, street stalls, people everywher Saroo and Guddu stride confidently through all this, hold their pregnant coal bellies in place. They know this rout
2) 0) text: They dump the coal into a STREET VENDOR’s bucket. As the vendor ladles out a small plastic bag of warm milk from a bubbling vat, Saroo notices something to his side POV, as in a dream: in another vat, rich, deep-orange Jal sizzle - an unattainable feast that makes Saroo salivate.
2) 1) dialog: (nudges Guddu) Guddu ... Jalebis ... Guddu looks at them too; for a beat we see beyond the boy deep hunger - they’re just kids, yearning for a sweet.
4) 0) text: Home is a dirt-floor shack. Kerosene lamp. Bare walls. Co fire in the corner. Plastic dish tub. Subsistence living. Saroo’s MOTHER (KAMLA, 30 - beautiful, but lined by life) ladles dhal onto plates for Saroo, Guddu, and SHEKILA (2) KALLU (a boy, 9 - Saroo and Guddu’s brother, cheeky, flig enters, sits, unwrapping a cloth containing scraps of bre
4) 2) dialog: (it’s competitive) We got the milk! They devour the meal in silence. We study each person. Kamla unties the plastic bag, pours the milk into a bowl. dips a crust of bread and gives it to Shekila to suckle o Guddu, Kallu, and Saroo take a sip each and pass the bowl Saroo offers the bowl to his mother. She smiles a gentle Saroo grins at Guddu. So proud of their milk escapade. Kallu ups and leaves as fast as he came.
5) 0) text: Saroo lies with Shekila on her little “cot” - barely a sc of mattress - on the floor. Soothing her, stroking her he
5) 1) dialog: Shhh. Shhh. Saroo lifts his head, looks at Kamla as she drapes her he with a silk sari and begins to head out. She looks back at his questioning little face.
6) 0) text: Stillness of the night outside. Shekila sleeps; Saroo nea there. But when Guddu slips out the door, Saroo sees him
6) 2) dialog: How long this time? Guddu turns to see Saroo standing there.
6) 4) dialog: I want to come with you. How long?
6) 6) dialog: Kallu will be back.
6) 8) dialog: I can carry anything! Guddu smiles, amused. Really? With great effort, Saroo lifts up the bicycle, holds it a above his head, like a weight-lifter. Straining.
7) 0) text: Travelling at breakneck speed - Saroo joyfully perched on handlebars - the boys emerge from the underpass. The busy streets whizzing past. Guddu the daredevil.
8) 0) text: Saroo and Guddu standing on a crowded night train. Hemmed
9) 0) text: The majority of the crowd are disembarking at a station. In a deftly-practised move, Saroo and Guddu scurry like monkeys under the seats, scavenging for scraps. On Guddu: he finds a peso. (It’s about 1/100th of a Rupee
9) 2) dialog: Guddu! He splits the single peanut in two, and they eat it.
10) 0) text: The train is moving again. Plenty of seats now. Saroo looks totally exhausted, his head resting on Guddu. Guddu strokes Saroo, dreamily staring out into the blackn
11) 0) text: The train pulls into Burhanpur Station. The PASSENGERS disembark. Last off is Guddu, carrying sleeping Saroo. Guddu sits Saroo down on a bench.
11) 3) dialog: (whiny) I’m asleep ...
11) 5) dialog: I’m asleep ... Don’t bother me. Guddu looks around. Annoyed with himself. Back to Saroo:
11) 7) dialog: Bring back a thousand jalebis.
11) 8) text: Very funny. Wait here. You don’t move, okay? Guddu leaps off the end of the platform. Familiar with it ON Saroo: deep asleep in an instant. ON Guddu: tiny figure, hopping his way along the tracks. FADE TO BLACK.
12) 0) text: FADE UP: Saroo wakes. The platform now all but deserted - empty, haunted. A few scattered, shadowy MEN in the dista Saroo looks around. Coming to consciousness. Where is Gud
12) 1) dialog: Guddu? Those shadowy MEN in the distance, huddled, smoking. We feel Saroo’s total vulnerability to this weird open sp A big empty train, standing in front of him.
12) 2) dialog: Guddu? He looks up at the giant WATER TOWER behind the platform. Looming, almost alive - like some brooding iron monster. What to do? Where on earth is Guddu? One of the shadowy m gives Saroo one of those stares that never break. A moment of decision. CLOSE on Saroo. And just like that - step! - Saroo steps up onto the trai
13) 0) text: Little Saroo just stands there. The carriage is dark, emp
13) 1) dialog: Guddu? He walks down the aisle to the end of the carriage. He tr the connecting door. It’s locked. He stands in the doorway, looking out. Still no Guddu. He retreats back inside. Safer here. He sits. Knees drawn. Taking in the measure of this new e space. His lids heavy. He lies there. Spooked, but fading He curls up. Fighting sleep so hard. Then his lids fall
14) 0) text: Daylight. CLOSE on Saroo, eyelids flickering in sleep, he rocking gently, as a sunbeam creeps across his face. AUDIO: the distant, soothing clickety-clack of the train. POV: we’re in a sun-drenched, empty train carriage. (And suddenly that clickety-clack is pretty damn loud.) ON Saroo: as he lurches awake. His catastrophe has begun. As he stands up, taking in his surroundings, sheer terror - he’s like a feral animal, realizing it’s trapped. He slaps his hands to the window, looks out. Panicking, he jumps across the aisle. Looks out. He runs up the aisle. Tries the lock of the connecting do The main door: locked. Distraught, he looks out the windo POV (REVERSE): an endless expanse of ochre plains racing
14) 1) dialog: (through the bars) Guddu! Ammi!* [*Mummy] Shekila! He sits back, mind racing. Frozen, mute.
15) 0) text: Time has passed. Saroo is staring numbly at the ceiling. The train lurches, slows. Saroo tenses. Jumps up, hopeful Out the window (POV): we’ve entered a mid-sized TOWN. The train comes to a stop at last. But where is the platf Saroo cranes his neck at the window bars once again. POV (REVERSE): oblique angle, partial view, we catch a GLIMPSE of the human activity on the platform further alo
16) 0) text: Saroo is back at the carriage door, trying the handle, on toes trying to get a glimpse out the window. (His POV): just near him, legs dangling over the end of t platform, sits a single STREET URCHIN (10), black with gr Saroo bangs on the door window.
16) 1) dialog: Help me!
17) 0) text: From the urchin’s POV: Saroo, trapped behind the dirty pa
17) 1) dialog: Help me! The urchin stares blankly at Saroo. In his own desolation can’t find the energy to even engage, let alone help. SAROO (CONT’D) Please! Help me! But the train begins to pull out. Gathering speed. The urchin turns his head, and gazes at Saroo, receding.
18) 0) text: As the train continues to gather speed we see, over Saroo shoulder, all the people on the crowded platform flashing
18) 1) dialog: (flailing, screaming) Help! Help! But not a soul notices him - and then the station is gone
19) 0) text: Saroo, just sitting. Weeping forlorn, hopeless tears.
19) 1) text: NIGHT. Saroo on all fours under the seats again, scavengi He lunges for a peach stone. Well and truly eaten. He gna and sucks on it ravenously, getting at the last strands.
20) 0) text: Saroo watches out the window a dark, unfamiliar CITY streaming past. A vast SHANTY TOWN at night. And such NOI The train begins to slow, noticeably. Saroo, pressed to t window, wide-eyed. Scared. But desperate to get off!
21) 0) text: As the train lurches to a stop, Saroo is poised at the do tensed, wary, alert. PEOPLE crowd the door. To Saroo, they seem frightening, ugly: a Boschean nightma of faces, all crowding at the door. How’s this going to work? His hand tight on the handle. AUDIO: a HYDRAULIC AIR RELEASE SOUND, and the door unlock It slides OPEN, and instantly the CROWDS are PILING IN. Saroo, caught off-guard, pushes forward. THROWS himself i the crowd, like a stage diver. No way he isn’t getting of
22) 0) text: The HORDES push on board as tiny Saroo fights his way out Desperate. Lunging. Swimming his way through them. He pops clear. Free. But then, before him: the chaos of Howrah, Calcutta’s main terminus - 26 platforms. WIDE, th place is indescribably vast. The size of a small town. He turns in a circle - every direction equally hopeless. He steps up to a WOMAN.
22) 1) dialog: Ganestlay?
22) 3) dialog: Ganestlay? 10 But the man keeps walking. Saroo sees ANOTHER OFFICIAL. He tugs on the man’s trouser But the man just BATS Saroo away - a real clip on the ear Turning in a bewildered circle, Saroo spots a STREET KID drinking from a water fountain then walking off. Saroo steps up, tippy-toes, and drinks. And drinks. Two d without food or water. This is the Fountain of Life. Then his eyes search for that street kid.
23) 0) text: Up the far end of the platform, the kid sits down with a bunch of STREET KIDS, all of them so blackened with grime CLOSER: some rowdy, some quiet. Some already asleep. ON SAROO: studying them. Cautiously approaching. He sits, twenty metres away, eyeing them warily. ON THE CHILDREN: a wild, dangerous energy. A WIRY BOY, 10, returns Saroo’s stare. No invitation here He’s not being accepted. Eyes at ten paces. LATER. Saroo sleeps - sitting up, knees drawn, head droop FADE TO BLACK. OVER THE BLACKNESS (PRE-LAP): a SHRIEKING STATION WHISTLE
24) 0) text: Saroo, standing in front of a packed train about to leave the platform where he arrived yesterday. That WHISTLE blows again. The train lurches into movement Saroo’s mind ticking. Here it is. The chance to go home. At the last possible moment Saroo leaps on the moving tra
25) 0) text: Saroo pushes inside, stands there holding the pole. Taking everyone in. He tugs on a LADY’s sari.
25) 1) dialog: Ganestlay? The woman grunts - huh? - and looks away. Saroo pushes through. Asks a MAN. 11 SAROO (CONT’D) Ganestlay? Nothing. The man just looks away. On Saroo: the invisible boy. Looking up at all these ADUL
26) 0) text: The train pulls into a TERMINUS, where EVERYONE alights. Saroo jumps up from under that seat. Instantly awake, he for the door. Excited. This should be Ganestlay. He stands in the doorway - lost, looking up the platform, carriage behind him now empty. This is not Ganestlay.
26) 2) dialog: Ganestlay?
26) 4) dialog: (confused) Ganestlay? The guard points to the crowded train on the other platfo
27) 0) text: Saroo jumps on, squeezes through the crush. So tiny. He perches himself at a window - on the edge of his seat looking out - ahead. Could this really be it? He catches a LADY looking at him. 12
27) 1) dialog: (pleased with himself) Ganestlay. She smiles. Whatever he’s saying, the little kid is sweet He points out the window, as the train starts to move. SAROO (CONT’D) Ganestlay. The lady doesn’t understand. But perhaps she can be helpf
27) 3) dialog: (trying the word) Cal-cutta. It dents his optimism a little. He’s so easily confused. “Calcutta”. What the hell is she talking about? He notices a SCHOOL GIRL staring at him. His filthy cloth He’s already beginning to look like those street kids.
28) 0) text: We FOLLOW forlorn Saroo as he walks through the CROWDS ac the Howrah Station CONCOURSE and goes up to a TICKET BOOT On tiptoes, his head barely appears at the window.
28) 1) dialog: Ganestlay? The MAN shoos him away, as people are piling up behind hi SAROO (CONT’D) (more insistent) Ganestlay? The man is now impatient and shouts at Saroo; the PASSENG push and slap him out of the way. 13
29) 0) text: Saroo, so tiny, as he walks along the VAST, CROWDED subwa passage (SINGLE SHOT, WIDE) - a subterranean nightmare.
30) 0) text: CLOSE: Saroo stands bathed in the late afternoon light - gazing out at something. A gentle breeze on his face. He looks left. Looks right. Looks ahead. Then with a resi slump, he turns and walks off. WIDE: he’s walking back (towards the station) across an ENORMOUS COBWEB of entangled train tracks - an IMPENETRAB WEAVE that really shows just how impossible getting home
31) 0) text: LATE; the lost children are curled up, entangled, asleep. Forlorn Saroo sits down - same wary distance as the other night. His eyes tired and red. His grimy face tear-staine He now looks just like them - the transformation is compl Eye contact with Wiry Boy, who’s lying on a bed of cardbo Wiry Boy shifts, nods to Saroo - slides out one of the la of cardboard that make up his bed. Slides it over to Saro Saroo - I can? An offer of extraordinary generosity. Saroo walks over, takes it, lies down. A luxury. Saroo nods Thank-you, smiles shyly. Wiry Boy nods solemnl As Saroo closes his eyes, we FADE TO BLACK. SILENCE.
32) 0) text: - Saroo is woken by screaming and sudden pandemonium. SHADOWY ADULTS are grabbing at the children - it is terrifying and aggressive and chaotic -
33) 0) text: - and into the tunnel. The last thing he sees, as he turn for one last glance, is Wiry Boy being violently taken aw Saroo sprints along the tunnel. A MAN chases. ON Saroo: a heart-pounding chase. Rats scurrying everywhe
34) 0) text: - Saroo emerges into the world outside the station - and for the first time what he’s just been inside: - the great red brick edifice that is Howrah - and beyond huge HOWRAH BRIDGE. An eerie, haunting 3:00 a.m. Stillnes From INSIDE comes a child’s SCREAM - which propels Saroo keep sprinting - away from the station - along the road -
35) 0) text: - straight up the stairs to a vast forbidding bridge - hi tiny legs struggling to keep going upwards, upwards ... He reaches the top of the stairs. He looks ahead. This bridge, stretching into the distance, is the biggest thing he’s ever seen in his life. Few cars on the road. Few PEOPLE on the footpath. Polluti haze like a ghostly fog. It feels haunted. Ahead: a couple of Calcutta’s WILD DOGS potter about. The own this bridge at night. Saroo inches backwards, scared and wary. 15 He looks back down the stairs. No sign of the body snatch But ahead, beyond those dogs: it’s too daunting. Too haun Through the rails, down by the river bank, he sees: - CANDLES, flickering. That looks the safer option.
36) 0) text: We follow Saroo from blackness - to those candles flicker 15 BABAS (HOLY MEN) sleep: dirty robes, matted beards, dreadlocks, red ochre faces. Peaceful. They sleep facing a small platform shrine to goddess Kali (the Destroyer). Bright painted Kali statue 4 feet high - fierce, frightening, astride her lion. Carefully, Saroo moves through the holy men, toward Kali. Four arms, garland of skulls, riding a lion. Spooky. At Kali’s feet, offerings: coconut shavings, pesos, nuts. Saroo looks at the men again; no one seems to be stirring He bows quickly to Kali, and sneaks some of the offerings Spies a sliver of unpopulated ground. He clambers in behind the small platform, lies down. Out trouble, out of sight. His own corner of this metropolis. His eyes getting sleepy. Watching the sleeping holy men - beyond them, the dark, wide river, flowing by. FADE TO BLACK. Silence - a beat - then the sound of men murmuring, chant
37) 0) text: The chanting grows louder. Saroo’s eyes, dreamy, open - l in the chanting. [It will act as a strange breathing spac He stands. He comes out from behind the Kali shrine. The Babas face him, meditating, chanting. As if Saroo, th beside Kali on her lion, were a tiny god himself. Saroo walks through the holy men, down to the river's edg No real purpose. The chanting is haunting, extraordinary. 16 All the PEOPLE going through their morning rituals: bathi brushing their teeth, scrubbing pots. Saroo separate. Los Observing everyone. They all seem to know what they’re do
38) 0) text: The chanting continues, as Saroo wanders, back at that pl from where he fled last night. It’s empty and desolate no He doesn’t look terrified. Just lost. He sees what he wan - on the ground, the cardboard that Wiry Boy gave him. He picks it up. His “bed”. Planning ahead. He drags it aw
39) 0) text: Saroo wanders by the side of the tracks, with his cardboa sheet. Past the BLACK METAL POOLS where MEN and BOYS sift metals from construction waste. Then up a tiny path. He comes across a WOMAN (NOOR, 40) carrying tin lunch box She turns as they pass. Watches him.
39) 4) dialog: I got lost.
39) 6) dialog: Ganestlay.
39) 8) dialog: Home. 17
39) 11) dialog: Saroo.
40) 0) text: Saroo follows Noor up the stairs of her building -
41) 0) text: - they come out onto the amazing rooftop - Saroo has neve been anywhere high before - Calcutta stretches before him (POV): the view reveals KIDS playing on LOWER ROOFTOPS - kites - a sense of community - the sounds of kids playing
41) 4) dialog: I help my brother carry bales.
41) 6) dialog: I help my mother carry rocks.
42) 0) text: - and opens them, the water cascading off his face. REVERSE: he’s looking at Kamla, bathing him. Saroo blinks, looking at: Kamla’s face, as she concentrates on washing him. INT. NOOR’S ROOFTOP HOME - CONTINUOUS (NIGHT) Saroo blinks, looking at: 19 Noor’s face - as she concentrates on washing him. She takes his cheeks in her hand -
42) 3) dialog: To find Ammi?
42) 8) dialog: (sitting up) You are Rama?
42) 11) dialog: Saroo.
42) 13) dialog: Ganestlay.
42) 18) dialog: I went to the station with my brother -
42) 20) dialog: - Guddu. And he went away. And he didn’t come back - - as Saroo talks, Rama casually strokes his hair - CLOSE, Saroo’s eyes: surely that’s not right - SAROO (CONT’D) - so I rested on the train. But I fell asleep. Then I couldn’t get off. And the train came here. 21 - Rama nods, murmurs encouragement, keeps stroking - - Noor watches, blankly, from across the room - SAROO (CONT’D) But I can’t find the train to get back.
42) 23) dialog: To my mother?
42) 27) dialog: Thank you. Rama leaves the bedroom, crosses the main room, kisses No goodbye - slight sexual overtone - and passes out the doo Saroo stands there on the bed, closely observing all this It’s all so strange. And not quite right. The faint sound of children playing, 0/S. INT. NOOR’S ROOFTOP HOME - LATER (DUSK) Saroo sits, eating, as Noor stirs dhal in a pot. 22 Another bottle of orange soda in front of him. Untouched. He stares at the bottle. Then at Noor. Busy with cooking, she half-sings along to some Bollywood song on the radio. She looks over to Saroo and smiles. He looks at the soda again. At Noor. Something stirring inside him - - and suddenly he simply ups from the table and makes a b for it - straight out the door. Noor SCREAMS - revealing the true animal she is.
43) 0) text: - Saroo takes the stairs at lightning speed, Noor screami and chasing O/S behind him -— - around one landing, a MAN lurches at him - misses - - Saroo taking those steps faster that he’s ever run befo
44) 0) text: Saroo BURSTS OUT onto the pathway outside the apartment building and scrambles away, up towards the city lights -
46) 0) text: - right up those stairs to the Howrah Bridge. (This time: trucks, cars, horns blaring, countless PEOPLE. No wild do And this time, Saroo keeps right on running - zigzagging way through the CROWDS, a bundle of pure determination. His little fists clenched. Glancing back, still fearful. A marathon runner. And now we hear only his breath.
47) 2) dialog: Sorry. Sorry.
48) 0) text: TIGHT on Saroo’s face - DARK, in the shadows - we’ve no i where it is - his face ever grimier. It’s raining heavily. In the shadowy recess, he’s whisper
48) 1) dialog: Sorry. Sorry. I'll come back. I’m sorry, Ammi ...
49) 0) text: SUDDEN contrast from the darkness to brilliant white ligh A surreal landscape: mythological, prehistoric - rocky, barren - white dust swirling like a fine talcum mist. Saroo, scrambling over the rocks, like the first human ev
49) 1) dialog: Ammi! Ammi! We’re in a quarry - and there in the distance is Kamla, t hot winds flapping her sari about - she turns as he nears
50) 0) text: Heart-wrenching - Saroo’s attempts at a nest, at belongin A filthy blanket; water bottle; broken toy car; mussel sh And another cardboard sheet. Which he’s lying on now, on belly, a torn Indian Vogue propped against the wall. Saroo parks the toy car at the base of the Swiss mountain a Breitling watch ad. He loads the seashell onto the roof the car and drives it away, making little-child NOISES. He fills the mussel shell with dirt and tiny pebbles, pus it to the corner, tips the contents out. Like Kamla’s hod
50) 1) dialog: Good boy. Good boy. That’s a good boy. Good boy. AUDIO: the rain easing.
51) 0) text: The sun’s out, everything dripping. Saroo clambers down. see how ingenious his nest is: a 4-feet-cubed concrete re between two pylons, 8 feet off the ground, hidden from vi The crows look down on him from the telegraph wires.
52) 0) text: Saroo fossicks by the shore, where the garbage ebbs and b His little “scavenger bag” slung over his shoulder. A DEAD BODY - a crippled beggar, lips blue, eyes lifeless stares at the sky in a death grimace. Saroo stares for a moment. And then steps over it. He finds a bent spoon. Inspects it. It looks like some ru relic from the Raj - an English serving spoon. Pleased, he puts it in the scavenger bag.
53) 0) text: Saroo sits in a narrow traffic island in the middle of a crazy busy street - buses and trucks in all directions. He takes out the spoon, studies it again, straightens it. Reaching back into the scavenge bag, he places a few grai of rice and corn on the spoon. Across the road at a cafe table, a MAN (pleasant-looking, student, 22, a book and cup of chai in front of him) watc fascinated. Saroo feeds himself off the spoon, imagining a HUGE mouth 25 To the man it’s heartbreaking - he’s drawn in by Saroo’s “play”. At that moment their eyes meet. The man smiles.
54) 0) text: Saroo sits at a desk, tiny and bewildered in “officialdom as the café man speaks to a POLICE OFFICIAL (50).
55) 0) text: FLASH! Saroo’s photo is taken.
56) 0) text: The official at a counter (Saroo on a bench, B/G, with th café man) as a hardened OFFICER (he’s seen it all) takes approximately five seconds to read Saroo’s two-page FILE. STAMP! He stamps the file “LOST”. Staples the PHOTO to th cover. Pulls out a separate page, Indian-bureaucracy-styl 26
58) 0) text: In the back of the van, Saroo and four sullen STREET KIDS sit, spooked, silent, tense, waiting - a haunting vigil o expectation as the van rattles along. (AUDIO, EXT:) The van’s horn HONKS; an iron gate creaks o
59) 0) text: We emerge from the darkness, following the terrified chil following the barking guard into the bleak, sun-drenched courtyard of the high-walled complex. A shiver-up-the-spine wrongness about this decrepit, fort like place - no sense of a connection to the outside worl Lonely chairs and rubbish lie on top of the wire-mesh “ro 27 They pass rows of cells; children’s EYES stare from the d On Saroo: what is this nightmare? He was desperate in Calcutta; but there’s nothing but sorrow and suffering he
60) 0) text: Saroo sits frozen, wary, on what passes for a bed. Five other CHILDREN on beds, like spectres in the gloom. Everyone looks traumatized; nobody speaks. FADE TO BLACK. OVER THE BLACKNESS we hear: the sounds of LOCKS OPENING, CHAINS CLANGING, the big IRON FRONT GATE CREAKING OPEN - FOOTSTEPS across the courtyard - two MEN talking - coming closer, closer - and downstairs, into the quiet building
61) 0) text: FADE UP: a sweet 5-YEAR-OLD GIRL (AMITA) lies in bed in t stillness, staring over at Saroo with huge unblinking eye Saroo stares back. The sounds come closer. Saroo turns and watches as the two men - one a GUARD, the other a well-dressed OUTSIDER - stride past the open door A door opens (0/S, AUDIO). Whimpering - a scuffle - shout Then Saroo catches a glimpse of a HAUNTED BOY (8) being dragged past the door by the men. Terror in the boy’s eye Saroo so wide-eyed and wide awake in the dark night. AUDITORY SEQUENCE (while on Saroo): a confusing auditory nightmare. Beatings. Cries of anguish. Rape. Amita simply stares across to Saroo. Then after a time, she closes her eyes. Saroo stares at the ceiling, eyes wide. The noises contin
62) 0) text: Saroo shovels the thin gruel into his mouth in cowed sile Amita by his side, doing the same.
62) 1) dialog: What is your name?
62) 3) dialog: Does anybody ever leave here, Amita?
62) 5) dialog: What will you do when you leave? Pause.
64) 0) text: Saroo lies listening, soothed, as Amita softly sings. The song becomes the AUDIO “BED” as we travel over the landsc of the various CHILDREN in this holding room of lost soul hands covered in scabs, eyes all staring. Listening. Not a child in this room has any idea of their fate. The holds it all together: for this one moment, all are sooth ON SAROO: gradually, his eyes close. FADE TO BLACK. Over the black, a SUPER: THREE MONTHS LATER
65) 0) text: JOLTING AWAKE out of the dreamy song is Saroo, being shak
66) 0) text: We travel BEHIND Saroo as he’s led into an outer room balcony. Kindly Mrs Sood stands as he enters.
66) 4) dialog: I came from far away.
66) 6) dialog: Ammi? [Mummy ]
66) 15) dialog: I want Ammi.
66) 19) dialog: Did you really look your hardest? She nods solemnly. 32
67) 0) text: Two KIDS play a joyless game - others pace the yard and l B/G - while Saroo sits against a decayed wall at the yard edge. Amita beside him - holding that photo of Sue and Jo ON THE PHOTO: already, it’s battered and frayed and folde Amita studies it, with the fiercest interest. Saying noth but knowing everything. Nodding. Knowing he’s going. Know how lucky he is. She looks up at the clouds through the wire mesh open roo Saroo looks up there too. A silent communion between the Then - almost formally - Amita takes the tiny Ganesh medallion from around her neck. Puts it around Saroo’s ne Not cheap and touristy, but ancient-looking, and worn - almost like something dug up from an archeological dig.
68) 0) text: We TRACK through a pleasant, simply furnished hotel suite find Saroo and two other orphans sitting, a little stiffl at a table set in western style: knife, fork, spoon in th proper order, butter dish, salt and pepper shakers, etc. As they eat, Mrs Sood is giving them a last-minute lesson
68) 5) dialog: (jumping in) “Peppa...” It’s the funniest word they’ve ever heard. The three chil giggle, repeating the word.
69) 0) text: CLOSE with Saroo as he steps into the enormous interior o Qantas jet. Awestruck. Everything so gleaming and new - j like Saroo himself, wearing that hilarious “Tasmania and territories” tee-shirt from the Long Way Home book cover. His minder settles him and sits beside him. On Saroo: what a world. The seat. The seatbelt. The magaz pocket. The window shade. The overhead light.
69) 4) dialog: (taking it from her) Cadbury. He looks at the minder, who nods Yes, you can open it. Saroo opens the purple wrapper. Blown away by what chocol looks like up close. He bites into it.
72) 0) text: The astonishing view from 30,000 feet. Saroo’s been glued that window for hours. The earth is vast. Saroo pulls down the window blind. Pulls it up again. Saroo turns, looks at his sleeping minder. Looks back at window. Blind down, blind up. Looks back out the window.
73) 0) text: We're CLOSE behind Saroo’s shoulder as the minder guides along a corridor, flanked by an AIRPORT OFFICIAL. We round the corner of the corridor and enter -
74) 4) dialog: (deadpan) Cadbury. It doesn’t get more awkward. Or beautiful.
75) 0) text: We’re behind Saroo as he enters the house, awed, alert, curious. Sue and John gently prod -
75) 7) dialog: (one word he recognizes) Cal-cutta. He stares politely at the incomprehensible map.
76) 0) text: Dinner time: Saroo nervous, polite, calm, as they eat. He barely above the table. Taking in the place settings. As Saroo chews, he looks up at his new parents. Grins.
76) 1) dialog: (pointing) Peppa. Sue and John share a proud smile.
77) 0) text: Sue ladles water over Saroo. He’s fascinated with everyth the water, the warmth, this gentle woman, these bath toys
78) 0) text: The modest boat - lovingly maintained - skips across the water. Her name - SUZIE - painted on the side. John teach Saroo how to sail. Saroo is deeply absorbed - his little face earnest. Sue - wind in her hair - watches them with unconcealed delight.
79) 0) text: CUT IN HARD on little Saroo diving into frame, making an overdramatic lunge, catching a ball on the soft sand. 38
79) 3) dialog: Howzat!
79) 6) dialog: Mum! Mum, look at me! Saroo’s victory dance. His English comes naturally now. Laughing, Sue gets her camera - Saroo poses - a miniature hero - for a victory pic.
80) 0) text: CLOSE on a child’s drawing - a house, a tree, the sun, tw adults, a brown child - and another brown face, looking o from an airplane window high above. WIDER: Saroo holding up the drawing like a banner - a kin “Welcome” offering. Pointing at the figures -—
80) 1) dialog: Mum. Dad. Me. Mantosh. Sue and John, expectant. But not as nervous as last year. MANTOSH (8) enters with the same minder from last year.
81) 0) text: REVERSE of that: a sliver of the chaos in the living room - (Saroo’s POV) Sue in silhouette, frozen - as beyond her Mantosh screams like a banshee for no apparent reason. A child's cricket bat flies across the room, clattering aga the china cabinet - as John lunges to protect it -
82) 0) text: We TRACK OUT OF THE BLACKNESS along the hall, into the da living room - and the OPEN KITCHEN over there. A night light in the kitchen illuminates Sue, standing at sink. Still. Her arms hanging limp. Exhausted. Mute. Saroo stands behind her, watching. (She hasn’t heard him. He steps beside her. Reaches up, takes her hand. She snaps out of it, looks down on him. It’s all right, s the look on his face. A private communion. The son comforting the mother. Then, if remembering her duty to look after him, Sue pulls Saro close, cradles his head. They stand there, a silent table MUSIC (PRE-LAP into next scene) rises over end of this, i
83) 0) text: Deep blue water, infused with glints of sunlight. Saroo (now 26) breaks the surface. Contented. Relaxed. Completely at home in the water, he floats onto his back, at one with the sea and the sun. This is paradise... Super: 25 YEARS LATER He swims smoothly to the shore. Hauls his sailboard uprig
84) 0) text: Saroo, John and Sue sit in a busy restaurant - glass wall wine glasses tinkling, sunlight bouncing off the harbour. There’s a fourth place-setting, untouched. Clearly this i huge moment - their son is leaving. John pours the champa Saroo, observing the ritual. Sue, her eyes sparkling, to Saroo, re: the champagne - isn’t this exciting?
84) 1) dialog: It’s only Melbourne... 4l
84) 5) dialog: Thanks Mum. Thanks Dad.
84) 7) dialog: - Mum! -
84) 16) dialog: You can take it away.
84) 18) dialog: No, take it. The waiter, uncertain.
84) 20) dialog: You don’t really think he’1l turn up, do you?
84) 25) dialog: Mantosh? As Saroo walks straight through to the back door - it’s n big house - we take in the bare-bones, rundown interior - 43 - Saroo notes, in passing, all the messy drug paraphernal on the “coffee table” (an old door on two milk crates) -
85) 0) text: - through to the back - and there, in a patch of sunlight the unkempt, scrappy yard, sits ADULT MANTOSH on a log. Smoking a hand-rolled cigarette, drinking instant coffee. Saroo comes over. Wariness between the two. Mantosh: wiry edgy, nervy. Static electricity comes off this guy.
85) 3) dialog: Hotel management.
85) 5) dialog: Any bills you need to pay?
85) 7) dialog: You're on your own now.
85) 9) dialog: Cut the shit. Just - please, could you not do anything while I’m gone -
85) 11) dialog: - that’s going to make mum even more unhappy.
86) 0) text: CLOSE on Saroo: at his window, looking down over that oce Reflective. The nomad, off again. He pulls the window bli down. Then up. Down. Up. Didn’t he do that once long ago?
88) 0) text: Induction over. The aisle between the seats is crowded. Saroo shuffles along shoulder to shoulder with other stud of many races. He hears fragments of Hindi - it strikes him how many Ind students there are. He nods neutral hellos to them. Saroo eavesdrops as an IN STUDENT on her cell phone excitedly calls her Ammi. Saroo is stuck at the end of a row. Opposite him - also s - is a beautiful young woman - LUCY (late 20's). She meet his eye. They step forward together. A mirror-moment.
89) 8) dialog: I want to run hotels that put all the profits into my pocket. Some laughter. Some frowns. Saroo was only joking. Lucy grins at him. A tickle of chemistry.
89) 10) dialog: Tassie.
89) 12) dialog: Tasmania. Across the water.
89) 14) dialog: (resistant) Umm ... Kolkata.
89) 17) dialog: I'm adopted. I’m not really Indian. He inadvertently comes across as a little rude - as if he wouldn’t want to be Indian. Bharat and Prama feel it. Luc dispels the growing tension.
89) 19) dialog: Of course. 47
89) 21) dialog: Only the Aussies, mate. Bharat and Prama look alarmed.
90) 0) text: Beers in hand, Saroo climbs the exterior stairs of a 70’s block, where a long balcony leads along the third floor. As he reaches the landing, he sees Lucy at the far end - coming up the opposite identical stairs. Like mirrors aga Struck by the serendipity again - and Saroo struck by Luc beauty - they burst into smiles. As they arrive at the door, Bollywood music can be heard. They can’t resist the “mirror” temptation - they knock on door in unison, cracking up.
91) 0) text: Prama opens the front door to Saroo and Lucy -
91) 11) dialog: Torch. 49
91) 18) dialog: (jokes) Unless you take a cab. Lucy gives him a “thanks very much” look.
91) 21) dialog: Who wants another beer? Saroo escapes into a role he’s familiar with.
92) 0) text: We follow Saroo along the hallway, past the homely decorations the Indians have put up in a short space of t - and through to the kitchen. As Saroo moves to the fridg sees a tray of jalebis - those deep golden-orange spirals from the far recesses of his memory. 50 He stares at them. His mind spinning. Retrieving the memories. He’s not just struck. He’s thunderstruck.
92) 3) dialog: (nudges Guddu) Guddu ... Jalebis ... Guddu looks at them too; for a beat we see beyond the boy deep hunger - they’re just kids, yearning for a sweet. Then Guddu makes light of it - with bravado:
92) 5) dialog: (playful, cheeky) One day, let’s buy the whole vat! Guddu laughs at this ... but both boys steal another glan salivating at this sizzling utopia.
93) 0) text: Staring intensely at the orange spiral sweets, Saroo slow reaches his hand forward - reaches back in time - towards this unattainable thing he never got to taste. He picks one up, studies it. As if it’s some mystical communion wafer. He puts it to his mouth. Bites into it. The significance the moment hits him hard - he is eating for Guddu too. Just then Lucy enters. Something not right here...
93) 1) dialog: (barely a whisper) «+. jJalebis ... Lucy looks concerned.
93) 3) dialog: (like a confession) I’m not from Kolkata. She moves closer. Gentle. Careful. SAROO (CONT’D) I’m lost. They notice Bharat has entered.
94) 3) dialog: I didn’t even know it was called that.
94) 5) dialog: A couple of days. Some squabbling and cross-referencing in Hindi - and thro it, as they throw in their two cents worth, some MOMENTS Saroo’s eyes. The long-forgotten music of the language.
94) 7) dialog: “Ganestlay”. But I must have had it wrong, it doesn’t exist.
94) 9) dialog: The platform I fell asleep on had a big rain tank.
94) 11) dialog: Yeah. Look, that’s all in the past.
94) 17) dialog: Really guys, it was a long time ago.
94) 22) dialog: And my mum couldn’t read or write. A small silence. Lucy moves closer to Saroo. They share a smile.
94) 24) dialog: (more to Lucy) She was like - a labourer. It doesn’t exactly compute - for these modernized Indian with money to study abroad.
94) 26) dialog: (blunt; as if Sami is the thick one) Yeah. She carried rocks. Bharat glares at Sami - shut up.
95) 0) text: Saroo and Lucy walk in the streets. Silence.
95) 2) dialog: I’m sorry. She glances at him. He’s sincere, not just being polite. opens up further -
95) 4) dialog: Wow.
95) 6) dialog: And what was your attitude? 54 A pause, as Lucy considers the question, and comes up fin with the only possible answer - here in the present:
95) 9) dialog: I guess.
95) 11) dialog: He walked out on us. Took another wife. Lucy shakes her head - crazy world.
95) 13) dialog: Two brothers and a sister. It was a long time ago. All a bit vague. He casually shrugs it away, as if the length of time is sufficient explanation for the vagueness. And then: SAROO (CONT’D) But there’s Mantosh. In Tassie. He’s adopted too. They walk.
95) 15) dialog: I don’t know.
96) 0) text: We're in that mythic, prehistoric, dust-shrouded landscap WORKERS all around load rocks into old wooden hods. Saroo is running across the rubble, white with dust himse Everything heightened and surreal.
96) 1) dialog: Ammi! Ammi! [Mummy! Mummy! ] Kamla comes into focus, as she stands, and turns. But before we get to her, we -
96) 3) dialog: (whispers) Ammi ... Ammi ... The pain of memory. A sudden intense expulsion of breath.
97) 0) text: A wall of music. The BAND, sweating, pulsing, lost in the frenzy of instruments. A CROWD of dancing people. Saroo and Lucy, sweaty, tranced, deep ... their eyes lock a different kind of connection - visceral - almost alarmi They ride the music. Now a change of mood - the music shifts - haunting. 56 Saroo and Lucy hold each other up, enjoying the public intimacy. Their eyes meet - they hesitate - - this is real, the connection between them - - to surrender or not, that’s the question - - they go for it. Hand to hand, forehead to forehead -— - again, a mirror - physically connected this time. A transformative moment - - their senses, so alive - - so close, blurring into one. INT. SAROO’S STUDENT APARTMENT - NIGHT E/C/U: Saroo runs his finger slowly along the lines on Lu marble white arm and palm. WIDER: We’re in a tender post-coital darkness. Lucy drifting into sleep.
97) 2) dialog: Here I come! ... He turns. Beaming. Pretending to look here and there. SAROO (CONT’D) Where is she? Where could she be? HIDING, Shekila tries not to squeal with anticipation. Suddenly Saroo SWOOPS DOWN and discovers her - SAROO (CONT’D) (like a lion) Roaargh!! - and Shekila shrieks her delighted lungs out too. Such a beautiful release of energy. Then another ROAR from behind, and it’s Kamla, playfully catching the two of them off-guard. 57 They all tumble and wrestle, squealing, laughing. Sound o the leaves crunching, the wind in the trees... Shekila notices on her arm - a ladybird. The tiny delicate insect. Sound of a bird call, clear, in forest canopy. She and Saroo watch the ladybird, entranced... INT. SAROO’S STUDENT APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS The sounds of play and forest trail into Saroo, now sitti up on the edge of the bed. Staring into the darkness. His head racing, his heart pounding. He breathes. JUMP CUT: Saroo is standing now. In the dark. Just standi there. He stares over at his laptop. Something’s calling He sits at his desk. A haunted look. Hits ENTER. The scre saver opens to his default page, Google. ON SCREEN: - he types “Indian train station water tanks” as a search A hodgepodge of results, as you’d expect. Assorted images water towers. He clicks on a couple. It’s not that none look like the o in his memory. It’s that they all look fairly similar. In the search bar he types “Dams India”. Again, a mixed bag of random results. IMAGES of giant hyd electric works. He clicks on an aerial shot of one. In the bottom corner of the image, he notices: - a logo. “Copyright Google Earth”. Curious, he clicks on it. Google Earth opens. The address bar: www.google.com/earth ON SCREEN: that now-so-familiar Google glow - our Earth - beautiful blue sphere suspended in pure black space. To either side of it, the menus and controls. Saroo stares at it all. How does this work? Using his track pad, he clicks the arrows. The globe “spi Slowly at first. Working out how it works. Then around th curve of the planet comes India - that familiar triangle was on his wall all of his childhood. He stares at it. As if it might give him some information 58 [Note: during all such scenes we're INTERCUTTING BACK AND FORTH between Saroo and screen. ] He hits the “plus” symbol and starts to zoom inwards agai At a certain point he spots Calcutta (or “Kolkata”, by 20 Down, down. Closer. The Earth coming closer. SAROO’S “MEMORY MAP”: 1 - WATER TOWER (NIGHT) The looming WATER TOWER, that night on Burhanpur platform [NOTE: these memory maps are Saroo’s vivid, clear memorie the landmarks that will act as his geographical “locators SAROO’S “MEMORY MAP”: 2 - DAM (DAY) WIDE: the DAM, the long dam wall. Two little silhouettes (Guddu, Saroo, distant, frolicking) emerging from the wat SAROO’S “MEMORY MAP”: 3 - UNDERPASS (DAY) WIDE: Little Saroo runs into the distinctive UNDERPASS ne Khandwa Station. SAROO’S “MEMORY MAP”: 4 - ALLEYWAY TO HOME (DAY) We FOLLOW over little Saroo’s shoulder, sprinting down th narrow alley to home, past the house with the lurid aqua wall, past the overflowing bougainvillea.
97) 3) dialog: Ammi! Ammi! INT. SAROO’S STUDENT APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS On the screen - Saroo sees the great river - the Hooghly, can see it’s called - that slices Calcutta in half, much Paris or London. The river, closer. We can make out crowded city blocks no
97) 4) dialog: The bridge ... There it is. The Hooghly Bridge. And there: Howrah Statio
97) 5) dialog: No way. His emotions up in his throat. ON SCREEN: the floating label says “Howrah Station”. Ther is. All the platforms. All the tracks leading out. Saroo, in awe, devouring all this visual information. 59 Now, inches from the screen. TINY JUMP CUTS: Saroo squinting at the specks on the platforms: each speck a person, but LO-RES, GRAINY, COARS Something hypnotic about it - the graininess, the little circle spinning as the pixels clarify and sharpen. Saroo hunched over, rapidly mastering these controls. Learning how to scroll and “track”. He scrolls along the tracks leading out from Howrah Stati But now - remembering - he imagines what it must have bee like for his brother - to find him missing -
97) 9) dialog: I am now.
99) 0) text: Saroo’s in the shower. Singing to himself. Saroo and Lucy’s home - nothing expensive but evidence everywhere of care, taste, and a nesting impulse. Saroo dries himself. Towel around his waist. Walks into t bedroom. Starts up his laptop. ON SCREEN: India. He scrolls randomly along a railway track; then stops at STATION. The laptop struggles to render the image - the rotating h glass spins and spins... Saroo looks frustrated - his old laptop is crap. Lucy hurries in. All dressed up. Corporate. Sparkling.
99) 1) dialog: Wow. Look at you. She does a spin. SAROO (CONT’D) Your hem’s down...
99) 3) dialog: (reassures her) They’11 love you. He starts kissing her neck.
100) 0) text: We follow Saroo (in a suit) into a large convention room which is at this moment bursting with activity. The space is filled with STAFF setting big round tables w perfectly starched table cloths, vases, table numbers etc
100) 1) dialog: Peter - have you got the individual place cards too?
100) 3) dialog: (to another worker) Michael - take three people with you to the loading dock. The flowers have arrived. Michael heads off. Saroo stands there surveying his domai CLOSE: he shifts his tie, stretches his neck. We suddenly how uncomfortable he looks. Something not quite right. He starts striding FAST out of the convention room -
101) 0) text: - and suddenly we’re behind LITTLE Saroo (same camera ang as he follows a scene of utter CHAOS as three POLICEMEN d screaming Guddu to a paddy wagon - - Shekila wailing in Saroo’s arms, Guddu kicking and screaming, Kamla grabbing at the policemen - - as they spill from inside the home to the alley outside
101) 2) dialog: Guddu!
102) 0) text: - and now ("REVERSE” of previous shot) we LEAD, tracking backwards, as Saroo picks up speed - striding towards us - and STOPS. Panting. Looks around. Generic hotel doors.
103) 1) dialog: Housekeeping. (beat) Housekeeping. The door opens. Saroo enters using his swipe card. He sits on the sofa. Still breathing hard.
104) 0) text: Neighbors are gathering at their doors and windows, watch the commotion, as the police drag Guddu from the door to paddy wagon, Guddu resisting, Saroo and Shekila distresse
105) 0) text: Saroo walking it off, pacing. He shakes it out of himself Get a grip. Time to get back to work.
106) 0) text: Outside the prison, in the shadows, Saroo sidles up to a barred window:
106) 1) dialog: (whispers) Guddu! Guddu! - - he whistles a short coded whistle. The coded whistle comes back, from ten feet further along There’s Guddu, at the next bars along. Beaming.
108) 0) text: In the dawn light, Lucy walks into the living room, dress for a run. She finds Saroo, passed out on the couch, laptop still op on his belly. The neatly piled list of stations and other search paraphernalia on the floor. For a moment she looks concerned. Then she moves the lapt off him - without looking at the screen. Wriggles onto th couch, next to him. He groans.
109) 0) text: Saroo and Lucy run up a steep mountain track. Both hung-o for different reasons. But a combination of natural beaut fresh air and endorphins is kicking in. Lucy pulls ahead - Saroo grabs the back of her T-shirt to hold her back - she’s laughing.
110) 0) text: Saroo is in the bedroom. He’s having a panic attack. Trie slow his breathing.
111) 3) dialog: Fine. 66 INT. SUE’S ART STUDIO, BRIERLEY HOME - NIGHT CLOSE on small, beautiful watercolors - ethereal landscap horizons - stacked around, as Sue and Lucy step into the downstairs sun-room/studio.
112) 0) text: Saroo on the deck with John, who’s just stacked some fres cooked chops on a plate. Sausages sizzling away on the gr
112) 2) dialog: Not partying at all!
112) 4) dialog: It’s just work.
112) 6) dialog: Great.
112) 8) dialog: (entranced by the sausages) Yep. It’s hard not to. She’s great. Pause. SAROO (CONT’D) I’ll get us another beer. Saroo turns inside. John nods. Okay. Prods the meat.
113) 0) text: Saroo steps inside. And Mantosh is there, back turned, rolling a cigarette as he props the fridge door open with leg, inspecting the contents. He turns as he hears the sliding door.
113) 2) dialog: Jesus. You couldn’t be a little more wasted? 68 Mantosh shrugs, grins. Aloof bravado, but fragile underne Just holding on: clearly it’s a big effort just to come h At that moment Sue comes up the stairs with Lucy. Is very happy to see Mantosh.
114) 0) text: Saroo, Lucy, John and Sue at the table, serving up. A dar cloud building over Saroo. 69
114) 2) dialog: Oh Mum, you didn’t? -
114) 6) dialog: (warns) Luce -— Sue, John and Lucy quite taken aback by his sudden intens
114) 8) dialog: - don’t -
114) 12) dialog: Nothing.
114) 14) dialog: She’s not upset. 70
114) 17) dialog: Why are you here?
114) 19) dialog: No he’s not. We're different. So cold, matter-of-fact. For Sue, a knife in the chest. F John, an alarm-bell - it’s never been easy but this open aggression is new. Mantosh goes from stoned amazement to hurt. He looks rattled, vulnerable, and five years old. H stares at Saroo, a deep wound opening in him. SAROO (CONT’D) (awkward, but can’t stop) Every fucking meal you do come to, you have to get wasted -
114) 28) dialog: I hate what he does to you! Silence. Sue turns to Lucy. Lucy is trapped - she hates lying, but she has to be loyal to Saroo. Sue looks disappointed in her. Lucy - mortified.
115) 0) text: It’s silent. Lucy’s just woken up. She’s in bed, alone. Saroo’s pillows - neat. No sign he’s been in bed beside h Lucy - lost in her thoughts.
116) 0) text: Lucy walks into the living room, wearing Saroo’s old T-sh She opens the curtains. Sunrise floods the room. Saroo locks eyes with her vulnerable, searching stare. 72 He shuts the laptop - nothing here he wants to talk about holds her gaze. Almost defiant. Yep. I’ve been up all nig Yep. This is what I’m doing.
116) 2) dialog: They've got enough to deal with. You saw what Mantosh does to them. It’s always about him. Ever since he got off the plane.
116) 4) dialog: They'd pretend to. Mum’d keep smiling even if she was dying inside.
116) 6) dialog: Wait. Do you even want me to find them?
116) 8) dialog: I need a beer. As he starts to move past her, she loses it. Blocks his p
116) 10) dialog: Stop it, Luce -
116) 14) dialog: (on the public setting) I’m not prepared to argue with you.
116) 16) dialog: Can this wait till we get home ... The more he tries to avoid conflict, the angrier she beco 74
116) 18) dialog: Luce -
116) 20) dialog: - this isn’t working.
116) 22) dialog: Any of it. He moves past her - INT. LUKE’S PLACE - CONTINUOUS - and back into the loud party - and out of here - - Lucy hot on his heels -
116) 25) dialog: You don’t get it.
116) 27) dialog: What do you mean, “reality”?
116) 29) dialog: Do you have any idea what it’s like, knowing my real brother and mother spend every day of their lives looking for me?
116) 31) dialog: How every day they scream my name. (beat) And I feel their touch. I see their faces. Can you imagine the pain they must be in, not knowing where I am? Twenty-five years, Luce. Twenty-five!
116) 33) dialog: And we swan about in our privileged lives. Pretending. It makes me sick. Lucy is speechless.
116) 35) dialog: Listen -. Lucy -. I’m sorry -. I can’t do this -. (beat) You deserve more -
117) 0) text: Saroo walks the streets like a tormented soul. 76 He can’t live in two worlds at once. He has to choose. Slowly, his despair becomes defiance. He’s made his choice.
118) 0) text: First hints of light. Saroo just wandering. He seems drained. All movement, no thought.
120) 0) text: TWO MONTHS LATER. SOUND of the sea. Bright marine light. track through the house. It’s virtually empty. The atmosp of a squat. No sign of homeliness, of warmth - of Lucy. A mattress on the living room floor. A master map of Indi the wall. Piles of print-outs - lists of railway stations some marked-up - most still pristine. Images of water tow train platforms, under-passes. Saroo - long hair, beard - has surrendered to his obsessi MUSIC starts - continues into a series of HARD CUTS: - Scrolling; waiting for the pixels to resolve. - A blue “train station” symbol. - CLOSER IN: a formless, satellite-image town. - On Saroo: studying its features. No, that’s not it. He stands - grabs a blue pin - sticks it into the map. - leans back into the screen. Reads the next town - - enters the name. - blue train station symbol. - Another town, the surrounds of the train station. - He grabs another blue pin - sticks it into the map. - Scroll. Symbol. Station. Pin. - Scroll. Symbol. Station. Pin. It becomes a rapid MONTAGE. Sound of someone hammering on front door.
122) 0) text: Saroo spies out of the window. As Mantosh heads off down the beach, he’s joined by a DRU MATE, who has been lurking somewhere near. The mate looks to Mantosh, inquisitive, Well? Mantosh jus shakes his head, No go. They walk away. Saroo turns. Guddu is there, also watching Mantosh. Saroo and Guddu look at each other. Saroo returns to his search.
123) 0) text: TWO MONTHS LATER. Saroo - his hair longer, his beard wild moves slowly down the aisle of a stationery shop - puttin boxes of COLOURED FLAG PINS into a basket. He’s out of place in this vivid Charlie & the Chocolate Factory world. He stops at the pen section, testing high-lighters. Throw some different-coloured boxes of those in his basket. At the counter, as the items are scanned, we study Saroo’ face. He looks exhausted. Doesn’t notice when the CASHIER smiles at him.
124) 0) text: Saroo walks along the sand with his shopping. Past rows o suburban houses, their blank windows reflecting the sea. 79
125) 0) text: Little Saroo on the tracks, proudly holds his pregnant be of coal. Guddu bustles over to him.
126) 0) text: Saroo crosses the sand to the house. His face determined
127) 0) text: ON SCREEN: tracking railway lines, flying above them - station after station. Saroo ZOOMS in. His hopes up. He counts the platforms with his finger. NO: yet again, that’s not it. Disappointed, he zooms back out. GOOGLE SCREEN JUMP CUTS: train track after train track .. Platform after platform... SOUND of a real train, approaching, coming under us:
129) 0) text: Saroo mirrors her desperation. He gets a beer, stares at map. A new colour being used now, for a new search zone. About 15% of the search complete. 80 He’s suddenly aware it’s the dead of night. He feels like only soul awake.
130) 0) text: TWO MONTHS LATER. CLOSE on a table filled with leftover Chinese food (where some people have just finished and le the table), when a SMALL INDIAN HAND comes into frame, th fingers scooping up the food - - we TRACK up the arm to reveal Guddu - wolfing down the with bare hands, greatly enjoying it - and all the while staring across to - - Saroo (other side of the food court) - who stares right back, sitting in front of his untouched (western) meal.
131) 0) text: Saroo steps onto the escalator. The lights and muzak of capitalism definitely not working wonders for him. As he descends: there is someone ascending. It’s Lucy. Sh looks grounded and somehow resolved. They approach each other. Lucy sees him. Alarm in her eyes. He looks like a crazy m Saroo swings across, from his escalator to hers. As always, drawn by her vivid gaze, her intense life-forc
132) 0) text: Lucy follows Saroo up the stairs. She walks in and stops at the sight of Saroo’s “Project”. It’s mind-blowing. An entire wall is plastered in charts, train-timetables, station-name-lists, grainy images from Google Earth. On the Master Wall is a big map - surrounded by smaller o And all the pins ... The floor layered in books, notes, clothes, take-away containers. We go closer to the Master Wall with Lucy, inspecting it. Dense trails of colored drawing pins on the 400km search radius - different colors for different train lines. WALL KEY: green pin = Mumbai line, red pin = Nagpur line But our dominant visual information: in the past 6 months Saroo has covered a fraction of the search radius. The in circle only. 81 Saroo responds to Lucy’s look of fascination and alarm.
132) 1) dialog: Theoretically it’s not infinite. She just stares at him.
132) 2) dialog: Lucy - I’m sorry.
133) 0) text: Saroo and Lucy sit on the beach.
133) 2) dialog: Beautiful. He’s lost in the memory of it - staring out to the ocean, drawing patterns in the sand. SAROO (CONT’D) I’ve been visiting her. (beat) Every night I walk those streets home - home from the dam, home from the station. I know every single step of the way. And I imagine that I’m whispering in her ear. “I’m here. It’s all right.” Silence. Lucy knows what he means - she’s imagined the sa thing with her own mother. SAROO (CONT’D) How was New York?
133) 4) dialog: And now? Lucy grins. There is good news.
133) 6) dialog: That’s great! See, they know how good you are. An awkward silence. 82 Lucy can’t resist a moment longer - she reaches out and c his beard with her fingers. Her touch is like manna from heaven. SAROO (CONT’D) I miss you - A pained beat -
133) 8) dialog: She'd freak if she saw me like this.
134) 0) text: A monsoon day - in the middle of a torrential downpour. A MERCHANT (55) loads a giant WATERMELON into Saroo’s arm
134) 2) text: Saroo touches the blood - - blood in the puddle where he sits, blood on his hand -
135) 0) text: Saroo runs home through the rain, his shirt bunched to hi head, blood and rain streaming down his tiny torso - 83 - he runs into the UNDERPASS - we recognize this as one o the “Memory Maps” - and into BLACK -
136) 0) text: Kamla tends to Saroo’s gash. Saroo’s crying. Shekila’s wailing. Kamla wipes the wound with a cloth. Guddu enters, drenched too. It’s still pouring outside.
137) 0) text: But now, it’s not Kamla who kisses it better. It’s Lucy - gentle, loving - kissing that old scar on Saroo’s forehea They've just made love - all those endorphins and oxytoci flooding their bodies - on the mattress on the floor. There’s an edge to it all: Saroo’s life still looks bache transient and obsessively preoccupied; Lucy is conflicted knowing she shouldn’t really have gone down this path. But god it’s nice, after sex: even with the floating sadn
137) 2) dialog: That what? Long, sad pause.
138) 0) text: It could be later the same day. It could be another day. has blended into something amorphous. Saroo lies on his lonely mattress. All is still; even the sea is calm. Then past silently weaves into his consciousness, all these vignettes and flashbacks united in their stillness, as hi eyes flicker closed:
139) 0) text: ON KAMLA - unmoving, sensing Saroo;
141) 0) text: ON CAFE GUY - his kind stare through the cafe window (as Saroo sits on that traffic island, fantasizing non-existe food on his rusty bent spoon -
142) 0) text: ON WIRY BOY - just moments before he decides to offer the cardboard, dignity and generosity - then: INT. BEDROOM, NOOR’S ROOFTOP HOME, MORNING (FLASHBACK) ON RAMA - his slow-moving hand along Saroo’s leg ...
145) 0) text: Saroo’s eyes, still flickering. Guddu sits in the dark - dusk or dark now - watching over Saroo. Keeping his dista Giving Saroo space. He knows the memories are the search. 85
146) 0) text: A knock at the door. Saroo wakes and goes to the window. Looks down.
148) 0) text: Saroo sits on the beach, a starry night. Watching the wat the ghost-waves marking time like a pulse ...
149) 0) text: A night light in the kitchen illuminates Sue, standing at sink. Her arms hanging limp. Exhausted. Mute. 86 Five-year-old Saroo steps beside her. Reaches up, takes h hand. She snaps out of it, looks down on him. It’s all right, s the look on his face. A private communion. The son comforting the mother. Then, if remembering her duty to look after him, Sue pulls Saro close, cradles his head. They stand there, a silent tableau. INT. SUE’S ART STUDIO, BRIERLEY HOME - AFTERNOON Concern registers on Saroo’s face as he enters the little room. Sue sits in the weak sunlight by the window. She lo pale and unwell, in her dressing gown, nursing a cup of t Saroo doesn’t look crash-hot either - months of no sleep exercise have taken their toll. Two lost souls. But she brightens at the sight of Saroo.
149) 1) dialog: (hugging her) I’m sorry. I’m sorry. He sits opposite her. She holds back tears.
149) 4) dialog: I’m sorry you couldn’t have your own kids. ON SUE: a misconception, dawning on her.
149) 6) dialog: I mean, we weren’t blank pages, were we? Like your own would have been. You weren't just adopting us, but our pasts as well. (beat) And I feel like we're killing you. 87 Sue smiles - still holding off the tears.
149) 8) dialog: Wait. You could have had kids?
149) 10) dialog: I bet you never imagined it would be this hard.
149) 15) dialog: Really?
149) 17) dialog: Did you try to talk to him?
149) 19) dialog: It didn't speak?
149) 22) dialog: - oh, Mum - 89
149) 26) dialog: (calls) Mantosh! Wide: the lonely ghost gums echo his call. INT. SAROO’S CAR - CONTINUOUS He gets back in the car, to wait it out... the trees, the isolation... the quiet... relief almost... He winds his seat back. Stillness.
149) 28) dialog: Ammi - if he’s a sea monster, can he fly?
149) 32) dialog: Will he eat us?
149) 36) dialog: That’s good. ‘Cos Mum’s not well.
149) 38) dialog: Stress. She thinks she’s gonna lose you - (MORE)
149) 40) dialog: (quick adjustment: ) - us. She’s worried about us. It hangs there. Big thing for Saroo to say. Mantosh, taki it in. His heart shifts, a notch. His big brother just sp of them as an ‘us’.
149) 42) dialog: Nah.
149) 44) dialog: Yeah. Long pause. SAROO (CONT’D) I’m sorry for what I said at dinner. Mantosh shrugs, remembering. A silent, painful It’s nothi SAROO (CONT’D) You been all right? Just the act - the intention - of Saroo trying to connect breaks something open in Little Brother. Mantosh heaves a single sudden dry sob - then stops it. All the world’s pa in those shoulders.
149) 47) dialog: What do you mean, “luck”? - Mate, I think about my mother in India every day, knowing I’1l never see her again. Same as you. 92
149) 50) dialog: What happened to you was bad. It was just bad. But this is not how you deal with it, Mantosh. You think I’m lucky; I think I made my own luck. I don’t know which one’s true. I didn’t have choices. When that train took off, I didn’t have a choice. You've got to keep going. Sometimes that’s all it is. Mantosh just looks at him. They both seem exhausted. SAROO (CONT’D) You've suffered enough.
149) 52) dialog: I’ve already lost a brother. I don’t want to lose you too. (beat) I need you, bro. We gotta keep this family together. You and me. A light coming back into Mantosh’s eyes. Just hearing thi But then, too, the irony:
150) 0) text: Saroo, a tiny figure, walks down to the water’s edge. 94 He strips off - and starts to walk into the water... stop as the pain of the cold kicks in... the endless horizon beyond. He looks back at the shed - Mantosh will not survive with him. He spots Guddu, looking vulnerable, worried, is he losing Saroo?... His locked stare with Guddu. A deep breath from Saroo - - Guddu looks alarmed, as if he wants to stop Saroo - - Saroo DIVES. UNDERWATER - fluid, peaceful, muffled. Saroo’s wild hair flowing. He comes up - roaring - oh, the shock! - his wild wet man
150) 1) dialog: 
151) 0) text: Saroo steps up to the wall. All its madness in front of h He reaches for a flag pin. Pulls it out. What’s he doing? He stabs it back into the map - to a totally different pa of India. Way outside the search radius. Then with both hands, he starts pulling out flag pins, stabbing them anywhere. Jumbling them up. Pins everywhere There are pins now all over the place. Pakistan. The Himalayas. He’s just deliberately ruined a year or two of painstakin work. Making certain it’s over, and there’s no turning ba Casually, he SWIPES at a section of printouts spreading o from the main map, scotch-taped together. In a domino eff other printouts tear away. More flag pins go flying. A me He leans his head against the wall. Saroo slumps down on the couch. End of the road. He has t move on too. Over on the Wall: that mess he’s just made. 95 The laptop sits open on the couch. He leans across, place his finger on the trackpad, follows a train line - - then starts to flick the track pad, faster. So that bef the station has time to reach full resolution - - he flicks again, carelessly, without method. And suddenly - it’s a kind of goodbye - he veers off the line completely - out over land - and more land - - doing on the SCREEN what he just did on the WALL - - random shifts, here, there, left, right. Jerky. EVERYTH starts cascading in his psyche, as his memories make thei final fight for life. So we see MAD SNIPPETS and FLASHES: GUDDU - COAL THEFT - DAM - JOY - UNDERPASS - STREETS —
152) 0) text: Saroo shivers. The sound of the gentle wind over him. Jus staring at that screen. 96
153) 0) text: CLOSE on little Saroo’s hand, scavenging through the tras at that moment the YELLOW BUTTERFLY lands on it. As he carefully stands, and spreads his arms: PANORAMIC WIDE of an ochre landscape. Full of yellow butterflies. The YELLOW is fluttering, fluttering, and starts FILLING FRAME. AUDIO: very faintly a haunting refrain rises: the lullaby little Amita sang that long-ago night in Liluah.
154) 0) text: The lullaby carries over to the present - we’re back with Saroo - more ALERT - scrolling on the Google screen - We scroll over fields. Villages. Then a railway line. He does what he’s always done: trace the tracks to find t next station. - A FLASH: POV FROM MOVING TRAIN (from when he was trappe of those WIDE OCHRE FIELDS - He keeps scrolling, scrolling. And soon enough: the train line enters a mid-sized TOWN. We're over the centre of the town. He zooms in closer. The Google Earth blue railway station symbol, hovering. The rail lines. The platform. Closer in. Closer. And then, on Saroo: Huh. What’s that? ON GOOGLE EARTH SCREEN: it’s blurry. But it looks a littl like a water tower. Saroo blinks, looking at it. Zooming in. His head tilts: - this water tower, getting a little clearer as he zooms. SAROO’S “MEMORY MAP”: FLASHBACK 1 - WATER TOWER (NIGHT) Little Saroo alone on the deserted platform. Where’s Gudd Saroo shivers, holding himself. He looks up. At the tower
155) 0) text: Saroo, sitting up straight. Looking as spooked as that ch 97 ON SCREEN: it’s a WATER TOWER. It’s certainly similar. Saroo leans in closer to the screen. His finger touches t platform. And the water tower. Working out the angles. SAROO’S “MEMORY MAP”: FLASHBACK 1 - WATER TOWER (NIGHT) We PUSH IN on little Saroo, standing frightened on that haunted platform, looking up at the water tower off-scree REVERSE: we PUSH IN on the water tower.
156) 1) dialog: (a breath) It can’t be - Saroo actually cups his hands over his mouth. His back is ramrod straight. His nerves on fire - - and suddenly, frantically, he scrolls, scrolls, scrolls
158) 0) text: Saroo’s hands are shaking. Fingers on the track pad, urge This cannot be happening. He zooms in closer. ON Google Earth screen, more details: clay shore, the LONG DAM WALL. SAROO’S “MEMORY MAP”: FLASHBACK 2 - DAM (DAY) - a beautiful, sun-drenched moment: five-year-old Saroo sprinting homewards, the dam receding behind him (with it LONG DAM WALL). Elation and urgency mixed together.
159) 0) text: Saroo keeps scrolling, paying 1000% attention. ON SCREEN: he stops on the town. Saroo, scrolling. Eyes attentive to every detail. ON SCREEN: the name hovering above the town is “Khandwa”.
159) 1) dialog: (it doesn’t ring a bell) Khandwa?... But his fingers trace across the screen. There’s the STAT
160) 0) text: Little Saroo continues running home, past Khandwa Station
161) 0) text: Saroo, scrolling along - - ON GOOGLE EARTH SCREEN: the UNDERPASS - SAROO’S “MEMORY MAP”: FLASHBACK 3 - UNDERPASS (DAY) Little Saroo continues running home - into the underpass
162) 0) text: Saroo, scrolling frantically. Nose inches from the screen ON GOOGLE EARTH SCREEN: we scroll OVER the underpass - ou the other side - following roads -
162) 3) dialog: Ganesh Talai. Ganesh Talay. Ganestlay. He gasps. Then an involuntary LAUGH comes from deep in hi belly. A feeling that this can’t be happening. And now he picks up speed, and scrolls, ever faster - - ON SCREEN: the streets, narrower and narrower —
163) 0) text: Little Saroo, sprinting, lungs bursting, joyful, homeward
164) 0) text: - Saroo, glued to the screen. Scrolling. Left, right. The streets getting narrower. ON SCREEN: a street so narrow it could only be an alleywa SAROO’S “MEMORY MAP”: FLASHBACK 4 - ALLEYWAY TO HOME (DAY We FOLLOW over little Saroo’s shoulder as he rounds the f corner to the narrow alley to home: past the house with t lurid aqua walls, past the overflowing bougainvillea -
165) 0) text: ON SCREEN: We stop. Above a nondescript CLUSTER OF SHACKS We ZOOM, closer, closer. Towards a single specific BUILDI Closer. Until the pixels coarsen, and the roof is a blur. Saroo, breathing hard. Staring so intently at the screen. That blurry, pixellated roof fills the entire screen. On Saroo, brimming with emotion.
165) 1) dialog: (very softly) Ammi ... - that Hindi word, rising up from the deep.
166) 0) text: Saroo knocks. Lucy comes to the door. They stare at each other. She looks frightened - what’s happened...
166) 1) dialog: I found home... Her face - doubt, belief, joy for him. Did you just say w I think you said? Saroo’s eyes, wide in amazement. That’s a Yes. Lucy wraps her arms around Saroo. They embrace tightly - what does this mean for them? Held in that embrace - rocking gently together - Saroo breathes.
167) 0) text: Saroo holds the door open as Sue walks into the room. John, just arrived in his work clothes, stands there, pro as punch - watching his wife.
167) 3) dialog: I didn’t want you to feel I was ungrateful... Sue takes it all in, astonished.
168) 0) text: Saroo in his window seat on the plane. Peering out, down the dark earth. Most everyone else is asleep, and the lig are dimmed. But Saroo’s awake, and deep in thought. And just like that five-year-old - twenty-five years ago, heading off to the unknown - he pulls the shade down, up. only once.
169) 0) text: We’re back in our mythic, prehistoric, dust-shrouded landscape. The washed-out whiteness. The white dust. And again, Saroo running across the sun-baked rubble, whi with dust himself. Everything so heightened and surreal.
169) 1) dialog: Ammi! Ammi! He’s carrying something close to his chest, like a bright orange heart. He’s beaming, proud. SAROO (CONT’D) Ammi! And there in the distance, Kamla turns again. Shading her eyes against the sun. Covered in the white quarry dust. SAROO (CONT’D) Look what I’ve got! He reveals his offering: in the middle of all that white perfect, bulbous MANGO. Glowing in its perfect orangeness She reaches out her hand. Touches his face in thanks. Wha unimaginable treat.
170) 0) text: We FOLLOW CLOSE behind Saroo as he enters his hotel room throws the backpack on the bed. Saroo at the window. Looking down on the bus terminal and further away - train station from this third floor room. POV: all the mad activity down there in the streets.
171) 0) text: Saroo lies fully clothed, spread on the bed. Shoes still Arms spread. Staring up at the ceiling. He’s wide, wide awake. The ceiling fan turning. No way he getting twelve hours’ sleep.
171) 1) dialog: All right. He leaps up.
172) 0) text: Saroo walks along the busy street. Hard to read his face. Past the busy station. And suddenly now in front of him: UNDERPASS. He strides ahead. His legs carrying him forwar now.
173) 0) text: Saroo strides along the road. Purposeful.
174) 0) text: Saroo knows exactly where he’s going. Automatic pilot thr those never-forgotten streets. Turning left. Turning righ Now he RUNS - as he did through these streets as a child. EXT. ALLEYWAY TO SAROO’S CHILDHOOD HOME - MINUTES LATER Saroo turns into a narrow alley. Heart positively poundin He rounds the next bend and - 103 - stops dead. From BEHIND, his view down the ALLEY, past that house wit those (now faded) lurid aqua walls, past the overflowing bougainvillea: we recognise that long-ago childhood home. REVERSE of this: looking at Saroo. Only it’s 5-YEAR-OLD-S who’s standing there now. Still as a statue. Awed. Little Saroo starts moving forwards, towards home. We tra backwards with him. He’s not scared, just calm, amazed. H been waiting for this moment for a long, long time. He arrives at the door - HARD CUT to side angle: now it’s ADULT Saroo, peering in through the rotted slats of the door - And ... it’s abandoned in there. His POV: in there, in the gloom, there’s NOTHING. That di floored shack, the rubble of a former life. He steps back. So that’s it. Shit. Stands there, at a los
174) 2) dialog: Hi! Um - I used to live here. (off her blank look) You don’t speak - ? (pointing at the shack) I used to live here. He unfolds a sheet of paper. ON THE SHEET: it’s an enlarged photocopy of that photo ta at the police station when he was five. SAROO (CONT’D) That’s me. I used to live here. The woman nods politely. But can’t understand a word he s A middle-aged MAN pokes his head out from a doorway.
174) 4) dialog: Hello. You speak English?
174) 6) dialog: Have you lived here long?
174) 8) dialog: (pointing at photo) I’m Saroo. This is me. (pointing at empty house) I'm looking for, um. Kamla, Guddu, Kallu, Shekila. The man looks from Saroo to the house. To Saroo.
174) 10) dialog: Here. Yes. The man takes a long look at Saroo. Squinting.
174) 12) dialog: Come where?
174) 14) dialog: Ammi - - and she knows it’s him.
174) 16) dialog: (close, soft) I’m sorry. I’m sorry. They hold the embrace. Then Kamla starts running her hands over Saroo’s face. SAROO (CONT’D) It’s me - (showing her the photo) Look - The instant Kamla looks at the photo, it ALL comes back, she weeps. Hugging Saroo, wailing, touching his face. The commotion growing. PEOPLE appearing. Explanations fly
174) 20) dialog: The watermelons!
174) 23) dialog: (in Hindi, imitating) Tarabuja! [Watermelon] (beat) And Guddu? Where is Guddu?
174) 27) dialog: Shekila? Kamla nods yes; a howl of joy from Saroo - 107 SAROO (CONT’D) Shekila! He pulls her into the embrace. The onlookers crowding and touching him, as if he’s not r Saroo and his mother and sister, locked in the embrace.
175) 0) text: That last night together, twenty-five years ago: little Saroo, King of the World, perched on the handlebars as Gu pedals for all he’s worth through the streets of Khandwa. They're gliding. Banking. Soaring. The world is rushing b
176) 0) text: Saroo - a profoundly changed man - at the window, looking over Khandwa and the train station. The street stalls, the lights, the endless traffic. SUE’S PHONE MESSAGE (V.O.) Hello. You've reached Sue Brierley. I can’t get to the phone right now, please leave a message.
176) 1) dialog: Hi Mum. I know you’1l be sound asleep. (MORE ...)
177) 0) text: The warm late sun floods the air as we come upon adult Sa walking along the water’s edge by the dam, where a new generation of KIDS are splashing and playing - just as Sa used to do, twenty-five years ago. The dam wall over there. Out in the water: two BOYS frolicking, shrieking. Saroo, watching them.
177) 1) dialog: .+. I just want to say that I’m safe. I’m safe, and all questions have been answered. There are no more dead ends. (MORE ...) 108 INT. JOHN AND SUE’S BEDROOM - EARLY MORNING Sue, sitting up in bed - holding her mobile, listening to message on speakerphone, John beside her listening too - tears well in their eyes.
178) 0) text: Saroo stands there by the dam. Taking it all in. He turns. Up ahead: that ridge where the railway track ru Saroo starts walking up the embankment to the track.
179) 0) text: Saroo is walking TOWARDS US along the tracks. Stepping on every second sleeper. The dam over there, B/G. REVERSE: MATCH SHOT so it feels like a normal reverse, BU ON THE REVERSE: it’s twelve-year-old Guddu and five-year- Saroo, walking AWAY FROM US down that long stretch of tra Guddu’s arm draped over Saroo’s shoulder. Saroo dragging stick behind him, clack-clack-clack along the sleepers. They're literally walking off into the sunset. And we