67) 0) text: Two KIDS play a joyless game - others pace the yard and l B/G - while Saroo sits against a decayed wall at the yard edge. Amita beside him - holding that photo of Sue and Jo ON THE PHOTO: already, it’s battered and frayed and folde Amita studies it, with the fiercest interest. Saying noth but knowing everything. Nodding. Knowing he’s going. Know how lucky he is. She looks up at the clouds through the wire mesh open roo Saroo looks up there too. A silent communion between the Then - almost formally - Amita takes the tiny Ganesh medallion from around her neck. Puts it around Saroo’s ne Not cheap and touristy, but ancient-looking, and worn - almost like something dug up from an archeological dig.
74) 0) text: - where JOHN (32) and SUE (29) BRIERLEY stand up anxiousl Everyone just stands there for a moment - so tentative -
74) 3) dialog: Hi there. Saroo still clutches the half-eaten Cadbury bar from earl
74) 5) dialog: It’s a Cadbury, John. 35 I/E. CAR / THE BRIERLEY’S STREET - DAY We're in the car with our new nuclear family, in the back seat with Saroo (POV). He looks at the passing rows of br suburban homes - neat lawns - sprinklers. So unlike India Sue watches Saroo in the central mirror: his curiosity an his amazement.
75) 0) text: We’re behind Saroo as he enters the house, awed, alert, curious. Sue and John gently prod -
75) 2) dialog: They’re yours.
75) 6) dialog: That's right. That’s where you came from. Look. This is India. This is Calcutta, here.
76) 2) dialog: That's right. That’s the pepper.
77) 0) text: Sue ladles water over Saroo. He’s fascinated with everyth the water, the warmth, this gentle woman, these bath toys
77) 1) dialog: Close your eyes. She motions to him: close your eyes. For an instant, he looks at her warily. Remembering Noor. 37
77) 2) dialog: Go on. It’s okay. He looks into her eyes. He has to trust. He can trust. He closes his eyes. Sue pours a saucepan of water SLOWLY over his head. The S comes off him. It’s like some exotic baptism. You can see whole body - his whole being - relax. He opens his eyes.
77) 3) dialog: (eager, encouraging) Good? Saroo smiles.
77) 4) dialog: You’ve come so far. Haven’t you? My little one. He stares up at her with those huge dark eyes. SUE (CONT’D) I don’t imagine it’s been easy. One day, you make sure to tell me all about it. Tell me everything. Who you are. I'll always listen. He squeezes the alligator. It SQUEAKS. He pulls back, amu Sue notices John at the door - he has been quietly standi there the whole time - and a beautiful warmth spreads bet the three. So this is what it feels like - to be a family
78) 0) text: The modest boat - lovingly maintained - skips across the water. Her name - SUZIE - painted on the side. John teach Saroo how to sail. Saroo is deeply absorbed - his little face earnest. Sue - wind in her hair - watches them with unconcealed delight.
79) 4) dialog: Bravo!
81) 0) text: REVERSE of that: a sliver of the chaos in the living room - (Saroo’s POV) Sue in silhouette, frozen - as beyond her Mantosh screams like a banshee for no apparent reason. A child's cricket bat flies across the room, clattering aga the china cabinet - as John lunges to protect it -
82) 0) text: We TRACK OUT OF THE BLACKNESS along the hall, into the da living room - and the OPEN KITCHEN over there. A night light in the kitchen illuminates Sue, standing at sink. Still. Her arms hanging limp. Exhausted. Mute. Saroo stands behind her, watching. (She hasn’t heard him. He steps beside her. Reaches up, takes her hand. She snaps out of it, looks down on him. It’s all right, s the look on his face. A private communion. The son comforting the mother. Then, if remembering her duty to look after him, Sue pulls Saro close, cradles his head. They stand there, a silent table MUSIC (PRE-LAP into next scene) rises over end of this, i
84) 0) text: Saroo, John and Sue sit in a busy restaurant - glass wall wine glasses tinkling, sunlight bouncing off the harbour. There’s a fourth place-setting, untouched. Clearly this i huge moment - their son is leaving. John pours the champa Saroo, observing the ritual. Sue, her eyes sparkling, to Saroo, re: the champagne - isn’t this exciting?
84) 3) dialog: Saroo. Beautiful boy. May this bring you all you can wish for.
84) 6) dialog: You came into our lives.
84) 8) dialog: I’m not finished. You were more than we ever hoped for. On Saroo: Okay, Mum’s getting serious. Head down — embarrassed, but touched.
84) 9) dialog: More work, that’s for sure. They laugh. SUE (CONT’D) From the moment we first saw you - She takes John’s hand.
84) 11) dialog: And now look at you - just look at you...
84) 13) dialog: We're proud of you, and excited for you, for this new chapter.
84) 17) dialog: You can leave it, thanks.
84) 19) dialog: (tight) I'd like to keep it, thanks. Beat. Well, that decides it.
84) 22) dialog: (to John) This is a nice one, love. John puts his hand on her hand. Saroo looks lovingly at Sue. She’s brave and beautiful.
111) 4) dialog: I don’t usually show anyone these -
111) 6) dialog: I do have fun. My secret hobby. Lucy notices, on a shelf, a jumble of trophies. At a glan there seem to be about ten different sports here, from so to windsurfing to cricket.
111) 7) dialog: Saroo’s. He was good at everything.
111) 9) dialog: He was such a happy boy. Lucy looks away. Spots a framed family photo, picks it up gently.
111) 11) dialog: Yep. He was a cheeky little thing... Lucy gazes closer at the snapshot of a lost, happy era. SUE (CONT’D) Pure energy. Impossible to control. But incredible. If he could ever learn to control it, he could do anything. Saroo’s very protective of him. Lucy’s finding this conversation a little difficult. She so many questions she’d like to ask Sue, about Saroo’s childhood.
111) 12) dialog: I’ve been blessed... 67
113) 3) dialog: Darling -
113) 5) dialog: (private, in his ear) Well done for coming. She breaks the embrace -
113) 6) dialog: This is Lucy ...
113) 8) dialog: (nervous to confront him) You have to smoke that outside. Mantosh lights the cigarette, takes a deep toke.
114) 0) text: Saroo, Lucy, John and Sue at the table, serving up. A dar cloud building over Saroo. 69
114) 9) dialog: - what’s that, luv? —- Mantosh enters, even more stoned, rubbing hands, big grin
114) 18) dialog: He’s here because he’s your brother.
114) 21) dialog: (to Saroo) How dare you. Mantosh gets up - not coping - starting to become wild - - John stands to soothe him - he knows this routine -
114) 24) dialog: Boys... Mantosh breaks free, heads out the door - John follows -
114) 27) dialog: What’s going on?
114) 29) dialog: (to Lucy) I see. (to Saroo) Whatever it is, I’m warning you, I can’t do it. Sue and Saroo - locked together. O.S, AUDIO: fragments of John pleading ("Come on, mate, c back inside,” etc). Mantosh’s car starting. Sue’s silence circles Saroo, like a shark.
147) 0) text: John, looking up. He has a “care package” from Sue. He pu it by the door. He waits. Nothing.
149) 0) text: A night light in the kitchen illuminates Sue, standing at sink. Her arms hanging limp. Exhausted. Mute. 86 Five-year-old Saroo steps beside her. Reaches up, takes h hand. She snaps out of it, looks down on him. It’s all right, s the look on his face. A private communion. The son comforting the mother. Then, if remembering her duty to look after him, Sue pulls Saro close, cradles his head. They stand there, a silent tableau. INT. SUE’S ART STUDIO, BRIERLEY HOME - AFTERNOON Concern registers on Saroo’s face as he enters the little room. Sue sits in the weak sunlight by the window. She lo pale and unwell, in her dressing gown, nursing a cup of t Saroo doesn’t look crash-hot either - months of no sleep exercise have taken their toll. Two lost souls. But she brightens at the sight of Saroo.
149) 2) dialog: John just heard, he’s been out on the boats. Doing the lobster run. They’re due back tomorrow. Saroo looks at her, doesn’t want to admit what this means
149) 3) dialog: So he’1l be flush for cash. And then back on the hard stuff ... Saroo can see in her pain how much she loves Mantosh. She smiles bravely, her pale eyes sparkling.
149) 5) dialog: What are you saying?
149) 7) dialog: We could have had children. We chose not to. ON SAROO: shocked by this new information.
149) 9) dialog: Never made that public. Some things need to stay private. Some people would never understand why you’d start a family like ours. We wanted you two in our lives. We chose that. Saroo is moved. Listening intently. SUE (CONT’D) (smiles, remembering) I think it’s one of the reasons I fell in love with your dad. (beat) We both felt the world had more than enough people in it already. Because to have a child - that’s no guarantee that’s going to make things better. But to take a child who's suffering - like you boys were - and to give him a chance in the world. Well, then. Now there’s something. Saroo looks with wonder at his mother. What she’s given u Without her, where would he have ended up?
149) 11) dialog: It’s not a matter of hard or easy. There was only ever one path. That’s how I believe things happen. (beat) When I was twelve, I had a vision. Some people would call it a breakdown ... Saroo, completely intrigued by his mother opening up like this - in such strange ways.
149) 12) dialog: You know my father was an alcoholic. Out of control. (MORE )
149) 14) dialog: All wrong. I remember I was weeping. Or I'd wept it all out. There were no more tears. I was standing out the back of the house. Looking out across this field. I literally wanted the earth to swallow me. There wasn’t any joy. Life was a nightmare. And I felt this kind of - electric current - electric shock - jolt through me. And there was a little brown- skinned boy across that field. I couldn’t even tell if it was just my eyes playing tricks. And then he was beside me. Just standing there. And I sensed it so strongly. I could feel his warmth.
149) 16) dialog: Literally. The left side of my body started to heat up.
149) 18) dialog: It wasn’t like that. Anyway, I was doubting my sanity. Even as it happened.
149) 20) dialog: It stood beside me. And for once in my bleak life, I felt something good. And I knew it was guiding me. And I knew - in my heart - I'd be fine. It was as if, at that moment, I could suddenly believe in the future. Saroo sits there, haunted and entranced by her story.
149) 21) dialog: And now - I don’t know where I’m going. I don’t know what anything means any more. I thought I could hold everything together. By an act of will.
149) 23) dialog: But it’s all just splinters. Everything splintering off. Saroo, pained. He shrugs, palms up: I don’t know what to
167) 0) text: Saroo holds the door open as Sue walks into the room. John, just arrived in his work clothes, stands there, pro as punch - watching his wife.
167) 2) dialog: This is where you've been? He nods.
167) 4) dialog: Saroo. She embraces him, overcome with emotion. 101
167) 5) dialog: I really hope she’s there. She needs to see how beautiful you are. John joins in the embrace.
176) 0) text: Saroo - a profoundly changed man - at the window, looking over Khandwa and the train station. The street stalls, the lights, the endless traffic. SUE’S PHONE MESSAGE (V.O.) Hello. You've reached Sue Brierley. I can’t get to the phone right now, please leave a message.