0) 0) text: MAINTAIN POV: The faces of TWO MASKED DOCTORS lean in, se and intent. Behind them are SEVERAL ASSISTANTS. One recor the event with a digital cam-corder. OUR HEARTBEAT bangs rapidly. The male doctor, CLIVE NICOL speaks...
0) 1) dialog: Vitals? The female doctor, ELSA KAST, glances at a bank of monito
0) 3) dialog: Severing support. Clive deftly cuts the umbilical cord with a scalpel. OUR HEARTBEAT slows. Subsiding. The room grows dim.
0) 8) dialog: Respiration stable. Elsa gathers us up in a white towel.
0) 10) dialog: (excited) He's perfect. He's just fucking perfect! Elsa places us gently into A CRIB-LIKE bubble. They pull off their masks revealing beaming, youthful faces.
0) 12) dialog: (as a compliment to Elsa) And fabulously executed. He leans over and gives her a congratulatory kiss.
1) 0) text: The lab is naked, functional and illuminated under stulti florescent light. This is the gritty reality of contempor genetic engineering. Clive and Elsa, sans medical smocks, wheel the pod-like incubator down the corridor. We get our first good look a them: 3. Clive, early thirties, is tall with spiky hair and a hunc wiry grace. He's the kind of high school nerd who managed to morph into college cool, without ever realizing he was once a nerd. Elsa, about the same age, sports a tangled brunette mane accented by a single streak of white hair. She's a firecracker, brimming with happy self-assurance that come from a lifetime of being the smartest girl in the room. As they reach the end of the corridor, Clive betrays a hi of concern.
1) 1) dialog: Maybe we should wait.
2) 0) text: The door opens and Clive and Elsa roll in the incubator. room is small and sterile. Clive crosses to a cage on the floor and releases a BIZAR UNIDENTIFIABLE CREATURE. She has the stance of a small primate, though her face is almost pig-like. A long, liza tail extends from the base of her spine. Her skin is pale a collection of bizarre orifices decorate her back. Despite her predominantly monstrous appearance, there is something sweet, almost Buddha-like about her countenance Elsa captures the moment with a SMALL CAMCORDER.
2) 1) dialog: C'mon, Ginger... Come meet your little brother. GINGER crawls tentatively to the threshold of her cage. Clive breaks the seal on the dome and gathers up the NEWB HYBRID. This is our first view of FRED, a_smaller version of Ginger. Eyes blinking and bewildered.
3) 0) text: Clive and Elsa's team observe this historic event from be a one-way mirror. They watch enraptured as...
4) 0) text: Clive places Fred gently down on the floor near Ginger, a steps back. Ginger cranes her neck, sniffing the air, watching Fred with a mixture of curiosity and trepidation
4) 1) text: It's okay, Ginger. He's family. GINGER ABRUPTLY JOLTS FORWARD, lunging at the newborn wit BLOOD-CURDLING SCREECH. Elsa GASPS. Clive lurches to rescue... But Ginger does nothing. Merely sniffs at the newborn, nudging it with her nose. Fred emits a PURRING GURGLE.
6) 0) text: Clive relaxes, watches with fascination as... Excited, Ginger lets out a SHORT SQUAWK, then continues h gentle smelling inspection. A probing tongue cleans the area around Fred's eyes. Elsa crouches in for a close-up, catching her breath.
7) 0) text: An ultra-hip club. Clive hands THE BARTENDER some bills and departs from the bar with an enormous tray of multi-colored shooters. As h pushes through the crowd, we recognize several of his colleagues from the lab, each helping themselves to a sho lightening his load. Among them is DEXTER, forties, Clive's right hand man and older, less-impressive brother. He nonetheless exudes unadulterated fraternal pride, giving Clive a crushing hu which nearly sends the tray flying.
7) 2) dialog: (sweetly) We did it. And stop calling me ‘that'. I'm your brother for fuck's sake.
8) 0) text: Clive and Elsa burst into a cubicle, hands and lips all o each other... They look as though they're on the verge of having sex right there.
8) 1) dialog: Fuck, you're hot in an interview.
8) 4) dialog: (hesitant) That more of your home brew?
8) 6) dialog: After last time? Very.
8) 8) dialog: Things are going to get weird now, aren't they? Elsa nods enthusiastically.
9) 0) text: The drug has kicked in. The night explodes with NOISE and COLORS as the dance floor surges. Clive and Elsa weave through the crowd. At every step, co-workers, friends, an acquaintances shake their hands, pat their backs, kiss ch showering them with nonstop affirmation. Elsa pulls Clive onto the dance floor. They bounce in tim with the wave of other bodies but somehow see only each o This is a portrait of two people deeply in love. Clive leans in for another kiss but his attention is draw to a BALD MAN on the edge of the dance floor, conspicuous immobile among the gyrating mob.
9) 3) dialog: Hey, babe... Guess what? He holds up one hand, dabs his tongue with a bloody finge
9) 4) dialog: God plays paintball. Elsa's face explodes with joy and relief. She tackles him in a crushing embrace. FLASH! Melinda and her photographer are there, taking pho of the whole unbelievable scene.
10) 0) text: The modest apartment is overflowing with electronics, DVD comic books, movie posters, toys and other expensive pop junk. This is what happens when geeks get an income. Clive and Elsa tumble in, snapping on the lights, still r the combined high of alcohol, drugs and adrenaline. Clive shirt sports an explosion of red paint across the chest.
10) 4) dialog: You are. You have ‘assassination envy’.
10) 8) dialog: (wincing) Careful... She pulls back the fabric revealing a broad red welt acro his left-side pectoral. Or possibly it's the stain of red paint on his skin. She leans in and kisses his chest.
10) 9) dialog: You know it's interesting. For that moment, when I thought I was shot, all the cliches were true. Time seemed to slow down, I think I even saw a heavenly light.
10) 11) dialog: I wonder if that applies to all species... not just ones with higher brain functions...? He deftly unsnaps Elsa's bra and lifts it, shirt and all, over her head.
10) 12) text: Probably not. Visual perception's contained within the occipital lobe... Clive drops Elsa onto the bed and starts peeling off her jeans.
10) 13) dialog: Some subspecies of salamander have something that approximates an occipital lobe... Stripped to her panties, she pulls Clive down onto the be with her.
10) 15) dialog: Hey... wait a sec.... Elsa pulls out a string of condoms.
10) 17) dialog: Why don't we forget it? Just this once.
10) 19) dialog: What's the worst that could happen?
10) 21) dialog: Would that be the end of the world?
10) 23) dialog: There's never going to be a good time.
10) 25) dialog: And ruin this perfect figure?
10) 27) dialog: You know what I was really thinking of when I was shot? That I'd never see you again. Elsa contemplates this. It's unimaginable.
12) 0) text: Clive and Elsa are led hastily down a long, pristine corr by their project manager, WILLIAM BARLOW, fifties. A natu born bureaucrat, Barlow can barely suppress his feckless panic.
12) 2) dialog: Relax. It's just another dog and pony show.
12) 4) dialog: Then it could do the presentation for us. Barlow offers a hollow chuckle.
12) 7) dialog: Something like that.
12) 14) dialog: We're gonna feed the hand until it's blue in the face. They'll love it. They step into a waiting elevator. Barlow looks not the l bit assured.
13) 1) dialog: The H-40 chimeras exceeded all expectations in their ability to produce medicinal proteins for livestock. A power point presentation flashes images of Ginger and F graphs, stats, etc. in the background.
13) 4) dialog: By incorporating human DNA into the hybrid template, we might have the key to curing any number of human diseases.
13) 10) dialog: Shutting down...?
13) 15) dialog: But you're lobbying for an exploratory license. Right? Barlow's silence gives Clive his answer.
13) 16) dialog: You promised. When we signed our contracts. You said...
14) 0) text: Elsa and Clive are pissed, their shoes CLATTERING LOUDLY through Novaphorm's underground parking facility.
14) 1) dialog: We could quit. Go to Hamilton- Splinter.
15) 0) text: Clive turns the key in the ignition. Eight cylinders jump to life. Elsa stares through the windshield at the cement wall before them... seeing through it, beyond their limit 18 19 20 21 15.
15) 1) dialog: So... What?
16) 0) text: Clive and Elsa's muscle car blazes through an anonymous s of buildings. Passes quickly through a security gate, par in a private spot.
17) 0) text: Clive and Elsa approach the desk of YUJI, a dreadlocked Japanese security guard reading a Hentai (porn) comic boo
18) 0) text: Home to a motley horde of BIO-SPECIALISTS and TECHIES, ma glimpsed at the party, now prisoner to cramped work stati The staff greet Clive and Elsa like geek royalty as they hustle through the room, dodging an obstacle course of biohazard garbage containers, pipette bins and bacteria shakers as they head for...
19) 0) text: An empty sterile room is suddenly filled with pounding fu hip-hop, hyper-beat trance fusion music. 16. Clive slides into view on a wheeled chair. Powers up a wa of hard-drives. They sound like jet engines winding up. At a nearby table, with her back to him, Elsa prepares ti vials with liquid samples.
19) 1) dialog: What's the donor profile?
19) 3) dialog: Dime a dozen.
20) 0) text: The MUSIC continues under A MICROSCOPIC VIEW of Clive and DNA splicing experiment. We watch free-falling clusters of proteins and spiraling double-helixes that constitute DNA molecules.
20) 1) dialog: It's not working. They won't fuse. We see breaks forming between the base pairs that link th coils, but as other open pairs slide into place, interfer helixes bounce into the mix, preventing successful coupli
20) 3) dialog: It's not the breakage. They're breaking fine.
20) 5) dialog: They keep coupling with themselves. 17.
21) 0) text: Early morning light pours through the window. Clive raise a bloodshot eye from the microscope.
21) 1) dialog: It's like they refuse.
21) 3) dialog: What makes you so sure we can?
21) 5) dialog: Sometimes I forget those basic scientific principals. Clive fills a syringe with yet another enzyme, hunkering back into the work.
21) 7) dialog: It's fucked. He drops back in his chair, defeated.
21) 8) dialog: Maybe Bill's right. Maybe it's not the right time. This fires up Elsa.
21) 11) dialog: You're right. We've been dancing to the wrong beat. Elsa lights up, seeing the glow of inspiration in his eye
21) 14) dialog: It's not work-- ...Wait. .. It's happening. His head springs from the eyepiece.
21) 16) dialog: We blocked the uricil.
21) 18) dialog: There's confusion.
21) 20) dialog: Reintroduce! Restart the music! Elsa introduces two new fluids to the mix. They take quic turns looking into the eyepiece.
21) 22) dialog: Everyone dances with everyone.
22) 0) text: A very tired-looking Clive plugs in the last piece of the massive jigsaw puzzle of adenine, thymine, guanine and cytosine. Elsa kisses the displayed graphic on the screen. The screen flashes:
23) 0) text: Elsa and Clive wheel a Dewar tank, a storage box material, into a walk-in freezer.
23) 1) dialog: All right. Bio-technology's most startling breakthrough in decades... on ice. Clive and Elsa share a grim, anti-climactic sigh. gives him a mischievous look. She does a U-turn the tank out of the room.
23) 2) dialog: El, where are you going?
24) 0) text: Elsa wheels the Dewar tank down the hall. Clive keep up.
24) 1) dialog: Yo, white-stripe. Quit screwing around. She runs, like a mischievous school girl into...
25) 0) text: for genetic Then Elsa and wheels races to Elsa enters, shuts and locks the door. Clive bangs on it from the other side.
25) 1) dialog: (through door) What are you doing?.. Hello? ...E1? (MORE )
25) 3) dialog: (no response) This is what's known in couple therapy as ‘emotional high-jacking'. Elsa removes the lid of the canister. Mist swirls around the opening like a prop in a magic show.
25) 4) dialog: (through door) You're being a bad ‘responder’ to my ‘inquisition statement’. Using a pair of tongs, she removes a plastic cartridge containing the spliced genetic material.
25) 5) dialog: (through door, becoming serious) El, human cloning's illegal.
26) 0) text: Clive fumbles through his pockets.
26) 1) dialog: Seriously. Stop it! He finds a swipe card.
27) 0) text: The door unlocks, Clive enters and quickly shuts it behin him. He gets between her and the controls.
27) 1) dialog: We could go to jail.
27) 3) dialog: What's the point if we can't publish? 21.
27) 5) dialog: It's not that simple. (beat) There are... moral considerations. Elsa raises her eyebrows. She glances at the glowing red button.
27) 8) dialog: Fuck.
27) 11) dialog: No. Not yet. He puts a reassuring arm around her.
27) 12) dialog: I want to know.
29) 0) text: Clive walks past a shelf of large specimen jars. Like a disturbing carnival exhibition, they are an inventory of past splicing attempts. Each appears to represent a successive wrung up the evolutionary ladder. And each is labelled with the names of famous celebrity couples: "Bra and Angelina", "Sonny and Cher", "Ashton and Demi", "Boga and Bacall"... ...-Ending at two cages: Ginger and Fred. We see that Fred has grown almost to Ginger's size. They and coo as Clive checks the readings on clipboards hooked the bars. Dexter hovers nearby.
29) 2) dialog: Yeah, great. You?
29) 4) dialog: Building you an Elsa all for yourself. 32 33 23.
29) 6) dialog: Our secret. Clive gives Dexter a conspiratorial wink and moves on to inspecting the rest of the lab.
31) 0) text: A well-appointed REAL ESTATE AGENT walks Clive and Elsa through a very chic and very expensive loft-style apartme
31) 4) dialog: Yeah. It's cool. 24.
31) 6) dialog: No...
31) 8) dialog: It's just... I don't want to have to move again any time soon.
31) 10) dialog: It might not be... big enough.
31) 12) dialog: Yeah but... But you know. For down the road. Elsa can see that Clive is hedging around her questions.
31) 14) dialog: Is that so unreasonable?
31) 16) dialog: That's not true. And I don't see what's wrong with it.
31) 19) dialog: (looking at the Blackberry) It's an alarm... From the lab... Something's wrong. With the gestation cell. OFF Elsa's concerned look...
32) 0) text: Clive and Elsa's GTO races to their lab.
33) 0) text: Clive drives like a madman, Elsa riding shotgun.
33) 2) dialog: You mean shut it down? (to reassure her but not believing it) Nah, probably a power surge or a glitch. I'm sure everything's fine. Nevertheless, Clive floors it.
34) 0) text: Clive and Elsa reach the entrance but the door is locked. The security desk is empty, there's no Yuji, just a sign that reads, "Gone for Ramen".
35) 0) text: The door opens and Clive and Elsa rush in. At the end of the room, the artificial womb is belching and groaning, f freely gushing from its chrome hull. Clive glances at the monitor: "PREPARING BREACH OF FETAL
35) 4) dialog: It's trying to come out.
35) 7) dialog: The pressure will kill it! Elsa hits a button on the side of the machine. The PULSIN GROAN winds down to a soft hum. The flushing of fluid subsides and the machine's orifice dilates. Elsa wedges h arm inside. Clive watches, apprehensive.
35) 9) dialog: What is it?! Tears well in Elsa's terrified eyes.
35) 11) dialog: Hold on! Clive snaps into action. He fumbles with a series of hand bolts along the hull. With the last clasp unlocked, he's able to open the entire chassis, releasing a torrent of viscous fluid and revealing... A_DARK BLOB OF FLESH with a_long serpentine tail wrapped around Elsa's wrist. 27. Responding to the sudden light, the FLESHY BULK releases Elsa's hand and rolls to the floor with a wet SLAP. It spasms and writhes on the spot like a horrid featurele abortion. The stinger-tipped tail whips about frantically Clive rips the dome off the incubator and drops it over t creature, effectively trapping it. Meanwhile, Elsa's hand is SWELLING inside the torn rubber glove. She pulls it away to reveal horrible lacerations where she has been stung repeatedly.
35) 12) dialog: Hold still. But Elsa is losing control of her motor functions. Her mo contorts strangely, her eyes roll. She falls to her knees then onto her back, convulsing on the hard tile floor.
35) 13) dialog: Elsa?! Clive ties the rubber glove around her arm, cutting circulation, then rushes to a FIRST-AID CABINET. With surprisingly steady hands, he jams an epi-pen between his teeth, then fills a huge syringe from a bottle of clear f Clive drops to his knees at Elsa's side. By now she is completely immobile, eyes rolled back in her head, barely perceptible shaking in one leg. She's stopped breathing. Though his hands and movements are steady, Clive's face i awash with terror. He jabs the epi-pen into her shoulder.
35) 14) dialog: Hang in there! I've got you! Clive feels for a spot between two ribs, takes a deep bre then plunges the large syringe into her chest. He watches desperately as nothing happens. Then, abruptly, Elsa's lungs burst to life. She is GASPIN for breath. Her irises roll back where they belong. She grabs his arm, chest heaving.
35) 16) dialog: A mistake. 28.
36) 0) text: Elsa, arm in a sling, watches as Clive wheels the incubat containing the creature into the containment chamber and seals the door shut. Elsa stands, unsteady. Clive approaches, holds her close.
37) 0) text: The pale light of dawn creeps into the room. Elsa is soun asleep while Clive tosses and turns. Finally, Clive shake Elsa's leg, startling her awake.
37) 1) dialog: Do you think it's in pain?
37) 3) dialog: Do you think it's in pain?
37) 5) dialog: Because it's not formed right.
37) 7) dialog: Yeah. It probably does. Clive stares at the ceiling. Elsa isn't sure how to respo
37) 9) dialog: I'm going to kill it. Elsa is more fully awake. She props herself up on an elbo
37) 12) dialog: It's not all right. It's wrong.
38) 0) text: The Hybrid is trapped inside the incubator, which in turn sealed within the containment chamber. Clive and Elsa sta by the door. They have taken the added precaution of wear full-body hermetic suits with helmets.
38) 5) dialog: I'll bag it. Clive passes through to the OBSERVATION ROOM, the door shutting behind him. Elsa opens the lid of the incubator for a closer look at creature. She's puzzled to find the locking clasp coated a sticky secretion and rattling loosely off the lid. With her gloved hands, she rolls the Hybrid over. There is a gaping hole in its underbelly. It's just a hollow exoskeleton.
38) 9) text: Out of earshot, Clive pulls a haz-mat bag from a drawer.
38) 12) dialog: 
38) 14) dialog: What's the matter?
38) 16) dialog: Jesus... He is about to enter but Elsa warns:
38) 20) dialog: Get out! I'm going to gas it!
38) 23) dialog: (over the intercom) Elsa, get out! I'm hitting the gas! In THREE... Elsa brings herself down to the Hybrid's level. The Hybri opens its child-like mouth, revealing a toothless gummy m and releases a HORRIFIC SCREECH.
38) 24) dialog: (over the intercom) TWO... Elsa is clearly disturbed by the force of this outburst. The Screech HOLDS ITS NOTE for a long moment, before chan in timbre, slowly fading into a MOURNFUL WAIL - like the of a bawling baby.
38) 26) dialog: (over intercom) ONE...
38) 29) text: Clive can't believe it. His hand is on a valve, ready to terminate the creature. He leans into the intercom.
38) 30) dialog: Elsa. Put on your helmet, damn it!
38) 33) dialog: (over intercom) It's dangerous. Get out. Elsa is too caught up in the magic of this moment.
38) 37) dialog: .--Behind her, helmeted and wielding a metal prod like a weapon. He grabs her and forcibly pulls her from the room quickly shutting and locking the door behind them. The creature stares after them, frightened and confused. 41 42 43 44 45 33.
39) 0) text: Clive is furious.
39) 1) dialog: Are you crazy?! Are you trying to get yourself killed?!
39) 3) dialog: You're forgetting why we came here.
39) 5) dialog: So what! Elsa virtually hip-checks him away from the panel, and ge her hands on a series of valves.
41) 0) text: Clive observes Elsa watching coolly as the creature flutt around the room like a butterfly in a jar, until it final succumbs to the fumes.
43) 0) text: Images from the MRI play out on a computer screen. 34. The Hybrid now lies strapped to a table while Elsa prods its tail. Clive can't suppress his amazement.
43) 1) dialog: This is unbelievable. I don't know what half of this is.
43) 4) dialog: Or attack venom.
43) 6) dialog: Well... there's the human element. Elsa gives him a wry smirk. Clive shifts his attention to the computer output from the MRI. A series of cross-secti X-rays flicker on the screen.
43) 7) dialog: What are these dark splotches? Elsa looks up from examining blood samples. On the screen Clive points out two jet-black masses in the chest cavity
43) 9) dialog: No... (indicating lighter patches ) These are the lungs.
43) 11) dialog: Guess we'll find out in the autopsy. Elsa stares at the Hybrid, not at all happy about the ide of killing it. 35.
43) 12) dialog: Elsa, this was never supposed to go this far. It wasn't even supposed to go full term.
43) 14) dialog: We were just going to prove we could do it. That was all.
43) 18) dialog: It's aging fast.
43) 20) dialog: So it's dying?
44) 0) text: New equipment is being installed for the breakdown and analysis of chemicals, disturbing the work of several of LAB STAFF. Dexter swabs samples of Ginger's dorsal excretions, while Clive pulls a blood sample. The little creature shakes un the needle.
44) 2) dialog: What do you mean "these days"? How long?
44) 4) dialog: Sorry. I... I'ma little worn out. He leafs absently through stats.
44) 6) dialog: I can tell you it's big. Pretty big. And we need your help. Dexter quickly perks up at the pleasing prospect of involvement.
44) 8) dialog: This experiment... it's really important that it doesn't get disturbed. (MORE )
44) 10) dialog: We need you to make sure that nobody... I mean nobody gets inside the containment room.
44) 12) dialog: Sorry. Nobody.
45) 0) text: The Hybrid is NOW THE SIZE OF A TODDLER and harnessed by three-foot lead to the leg of a floor-bolted workbench. A plastic container has been taped on as a protective cov for her tail stinger. She scratches at it with some irritation. Clive eyes the tail nervously as he attempts to feed her bowl of wet green mush with a turkey-baster. Elsa watches, talking into a hand-held voice recorder.
45) 3) dialog: We're going to have to do this with a drip feed.
46) 0) text: Elsa crumbles several nerds between two spoons, then mixe them into the Hybrid's mush. She holds the spoon up to the Hybrid's mouth. This time nostrils flair and she happily wolfs the food down. Clive now commandeers the voice recorder.
46) 1) dialog: (into recorder) Tracking her feeding habits, we've determined that the H-50 craves high- sucrose foodstuffs. Elsa wipes a little goo from the side of the Hybrid's mou A long tongue darts out, precisely cleaning Elsa's finger She gives Elsa what might be considered a smile. Elsa smi back and continues the feeding.
47) 0) text: Clive sits with Barlow in his downtown office. Three smal armchairs have been jammed into a corner of the room near his desk. One is empty. Clive looks a little ruffled by stress and bad sleep.
47) 2) dialog: At the lab. Holding things together.
47) 4) dialog: It was a bit of a shock.
47) 8) dialog: We're on side, Bill. Trust me. Barlow, relieved, abruptly changes tone to one of chummy encouragement.
47) 10) dialog: Tim Kwan?
48) 0) text: The Hybrid is a little larger than when we last saw her. Elsa gives her a routine physical examination, while spea into her voice recorder. Clive sits quietly in the corner, flipping through the lo books on Fred and Ginger, trying to get up to date. 40.
48) 6) dialog: El, you haven't taken a break in days. Elsa kisses Clive on the cheek...
48) 9) dialog: Holy fuck! Elsa instinctively yanks her leg but the Hybrid holds on tight. The creature CRIES OUT LOUDER, possibly as much from emot heartache as physical pain. And another lanky arm bursts out of the other side of her bruised, fleshy back. Clive takes out their cam-corder, capturing the whole incredible event on video. Elsa stares down at the Hybrid, freaked-out by the bloody appendages desperately clawing her pant leg.
48) 10) dialog: El, careful... But Elsa surrenders to the irresistible need to comfort. bends into the gooey embrace, drawing the hybrid close. T creature's cries trail off into hiccuping breaths of reli Clive's brow furrows from behind the viewfinder, reacting this blatantly emotional display.
50) 0) text: The Hybrid is WAILING at the top of her lungs. She is apparently NOT fine. The torn skin on her back has been carefully bandaged wit gauze and tape, but she seems emotionally stricken by Els absence. Clive tries to approach, imploring her to calm down.
50) 1) dialog: Hey, it's okay. She'll be back. The Hybrid continues to wail at full volume. Clive steps forward. The Hybrid quickly skitters towards the corner, as far as her rope will let her. Her tail fla back and forth menacingly, its plastic bottle clattering the floor.
50) 2) dialog: Take it easy! C'mon. I'm here. She cranks up her crying another notch.
50) 3) dialog: Think of all the new things we can do now. (smiling) We can arm wrestle! The Hybrid's cry sputters and stalls a moment. Clive look relieved - he's getting through. But she is just filling her lungs for another, even louder EMOTIONAL BLAST. Hands on his ears, Clive can't take it. He staggers out o the room.
51) 0) text: Clive inserts coins into a vending machine, relieved to b momentarily away from the cacophony. His coffee comes dow the chute and as he reaches to retrieve it, he hears... THE HYBRID'S WAILING... faint and distant, but unmistakab Clive shakes his head, thinking he's hearing things until his eyes land on the air duct next to the fridge. Her voi is coming up through the ventilation system. Panicking, he scans the room. There are a few LAB TECHNIC snacking at the far end, who haven't yet heard. The Hybrid's voice seems to be getting louder still. Thin quickly, Clive fumbles with a radio on top of the fridge. 54 55 43. He turns it on to a talk show. The creature's voice still cuts through. Clive spins the dial until he tunes into a LOUD HEAVY MET STATION - mid-guitar solo. He cranks the volume. Her voic is finally drowned out. He looks back to the Technicians. One LONG-HAIRED TECHIE holds up his fore-finger and pinky (devil's horns) as a s of appreciation to Clive. Clive forces a smile and returns the gesture.
54) 0) text: Unseen by Elsa, Clive watches through the one-way mirror, her HUMMING broadcast over the intercom. He is clearly troubled by this tableau. 45.
55) 0) text: In a private corner, Elsa wolfs down NERDS and talks rapi riding a sugar-fueled high. Clive listens. His face betra concern.
55) 2) dialog: We have to be careful not to project too much onto her.
55) 4) dialog: Of course she thinks. Dogs think. But... A TECHIE passes. They nod greetings, pausing their conversation until he's out of earshot.
55) 5) dialog: (quiet) ...-But dogs aren't capable of complex associative reasoning.
55) 7) dialog: You know what we need?
55) 9) dialog: We need to act our age.
56) 0) text: Clive and Elsa share a booth at the same club where Clive was ‘shot'. The air prickles with its usual high-energy throb. Elsa sips from a glass of wine, looking restless. 59 46. Clive taps the BREAKNECK BEAT with his fingernails on the table, grooving to the psychedelic mayhem.
56) 1) dialog: Hey, come on. Let's dance.
56) 3) dialog: I know what you need. A little drop of fun. Elsa shakes her head without apology. Clive's smile falls
56) 5) dialog: No. I'm okay. I'm fine. (unconvincing) This is fun. The noise of the club floods into their vacuum of conversation. Eventually, Elsa gathers up her purse and shuffles out of the booth.
56) 6) dialog: You all right?
57) 15) dialog: What's going on?
57) 17) dialog: (annoyed) What is she doing in this room? You can't let her out.
57) 19) dialog: Specimens need to be contained.
57) 21) dialog: What are we supposed to call her? Elsa quickly scans the room, looking for a name. On the Scrabble board are the remaining four (un-eaten) tiles spelling NERD. Of course, they are upside-down to Elsa.
57) 23) dialog: You're talking like... You're treating her like she's a... (catching himself) A pet!
57) 25) dialog: Well, we're screwed now. They're renovating this entire wing. Tomorrow! So what the hell are we going to do about that?! Dren's eyes narrow at his raised voice. Elsa, now angry herself, yanks an equipment cart from the side of the roo 50.
57) 27) dialog: What are we doing? Why are we taking all these risks? Elsa yanks equipment from the lower shelves of the cart.
57) 29) dialog: 
57) 37) dialog: (struggling to contain himself) A situation? She could have killed me! 60 51. Clive and Dren eye each other warily. Elsa loads a cardbo box into the lower portion of the cart.
57) 39) dialog: Jesus fucking Christ!
58) 0) text: Elsa and Clive wheel the cart with equipment on top. A bo labelled, Sequence Driver, rests beneath. The top shifts. Dren's eyes peer out. Elsa pushes her gently back down.
58) 2) dialog: She okay?
58) 7) dialog: Storage. It's not working. We need to order a new...
58) 10) dialog: Shit. Elsa flicks hair from her face, trying to play it cool. Clive swallows hard.
58) 12) dialog: Whazup? Barlow glances at the cart of equipment.
58) 14) dialog: Just some junk we're trashing. Barlow is suddenly curious. He fingers the EEG machine on the top of the cart.
58) 20) dialog: I dunno Bill, we're pretty busy... The elevator doors slide closed. Elsa quickly slaps the down button again, they slide back open. She enters the elevator half expecting to find Dren in there. The elevat empty. She remains inside, holding the door with her hand
58) 22) dialog: Yeah, I guess. He looks nervously to Elsa, who is staring oddly at Dexte
59) 0) text: Elsa and Clive roll the cart quickly up to the door of th storage room.
59) 2) dialog: Why, because he plays by the rules?
60) 1) dialog: (furious) You know, sticking to a few fucking rules isn't always such a bad idea. Elsa draws Dren from below the cart and into her arms, lo a little queasy. Clive steps back, wary.
60) 3) dialog: See what we've made! Nobody can see what we've made!
60) 8) dialog: I've got to talk to Dexter. He leaves, disgusted. Elsa hardly notices.
61) 0) text: Clive sits with Dexter by the window. The silence between them is so intense, the hum of the Coke machine sounds li a plane landing. Finally Clive can't take it any longer.
61) 1) dialog: Go ahead. Say what you're thinking.
61) 3) dialog: It was kind of an accident. 56.
61) 5) dialog: Look. I know it's crazy... (beat) But I need your support on this. I need your help. Dexter looks at Clive with a mixture of reluctant loyalty and profound disappointment.
61) 8) dialog: (face reddening) It wasn't like that.
62) 0) text: It's night now, Clive has accomplished a lot with the roo piling all the unwanted boxes to one side. He finishes mopping the floor while Elsa dotes over sick Dren. She pu a thermometer from Dren's mouth and studies it.
62) 2) dialog: How do we know with her?
62) 4) dialog: What? What are we supposed to do? Dren lets out a TRILLING GROAN that ends with a choke and more vomit. Elsa rushes over to wipe her mouth.
62) 6) dialog: That's crazy!
62) 9) dialog: We're bio-chemists. We can handle this!
62) 11) dialog: What do you do with high fever?
62) 13) dialog: All right. Let's do it!
62) 18) dialog: What? What?!
62) 21) dialog: Tracheotomy!
62) 23) dialog: In the lab...
62) 26) dialog: GET OFF ME! Enough!
62) 31) dialog: Now we know what those "blobs" are. Amphibious lungs!
62) 34) dialog: Yeah. Of course. Elsa relaxes, her doubt easily evaporating. Then Clive fa her, deadly serious.
62) 35) dialog: We can't fuck around anymore. We have to clean this place up. Make it safe. Elsa smiles and nods, relieved to finally have him on-sid
63) 3) dialog: The muscular structures extending from the trapezius to the deltoideus and ending at the brachialis are unusual, their function unclear. Finally, we see what looks like a FULL-GROWN TEENAGE GIRL an old-fashioned bathtub. Her body is beginning to look m like that of a young woman in puberty. Hips curved. A tra of breasts noticeable. Her eyes have migrated closer to t front of her head. Though still alien-looking, her featur have become quite sculpted and lovely.
63) 4) dialog: We do know she has developed a secondary amphibian respiratory system, and becomes ill if out of water too long. Elsa instructs as Dren arranges scrabble tiles which floa on the surface of the water to spell simple words. Nerds continue to be an incentive. 66 61.
64) 0) text: Clive puts down the camcorder as Elsa dims the light near Dren, who is tucking under the covers, post-bath. Elsa begins to step away, when Dren bolts upright, her ar reaching out, clearly agitated.
64) 4) dialog: It's been a long time. His hand rides up her leg.
64) 6) dialog: To couples when they... 67 62.
64) 8) dialog: C'mere.
64) 10) dialog: Just get over here. He pulls Elsa into his lap and kisses her neck. Elsa slin her legs over Clive, lifting her skirt, straddling him wh they kiss deeply, mouths open. They start to grind and gr Elsa fumbles under her skirt and we hear the sounds of CL ZIPPER and TEARING PANTYHOSE. Surprised but excited, Cliv disengages from their kiss to whisper in her ear.
64) 11) dialog: Hey... we don't have any... Elsa just grabs his hand and mashes it into her breasts. They are already fucking.
65) 0) text: Clive is GRINNING WIDELY, his eyes alight with the excite of the evening. 68 63. He and Elsa, formally dressed, hold hands, walking ceremoniously up the stairs to a large CONVENTION CENTER site of the annual Novaphorm shareholder's meeting. A large banner sports Novaphorm's logo and the slogan: "DESIGNING A BETTER TODAY".
66) 0) text: Joan stands at a podium addressing an auditorium packed t the rafters with investors. We realize now that her speec is not about Elsa and Clive after all... but about Ginger and Fred, who are on stage in clear, plexi-glass cages.
66) 3) dialog: There's been a lot of talk tonight about advancements in multi-species morphogens. We've talked about our new protein-based compounds. Disease- fighting agents for livestock. 64. Behind him, a slide-show rifles through the development o Ginger and Fred at the microscopic level. Barlow and Dext watch from the wings, nervous and proud. The Lab Techies fanned out behind them. In the audience, front row, sit Melinda and THE PHOTOGRAP from "Wired" magazine. Ginger and Fred's cages continue to roll towards center-s Elsa leans into the mic.
67) 0) text: There is a deathly silence in the room as Joan, Barlow, C and Elsa face-off around an oversized conference table. What is clear is that the Hybrid has hit the fan. Elsa's white blouse is spattered with blood. Joan has made a poi of removing her shoes. Clive's dress pants are stained fr the cuffs to the knees. Eventually, Barlow feels compelled to pipe up.
67) 6) dialog: Well... we haven't had much time to examine the remains but... It seems that Ginger has somehow undergone certain... um...
67) 11) dialog: (swallowing hard) We... really don't know. But, clearly two males, caged together and stressed... Joan carefully reads Clive and Elsa, as though they might putting her on.
67) 17) dialog: How are we supposed derive protein generations from dead specimens?
68) 0) text: The gestation cell is being dismantled and carried out of the birthing room in pieces. Barlow leads a SMALL ARMY OF INVADING SCIENTISTS in gutting the lab. They work with aggressive efficiency and little regard for Clive and Els staff, who are left cowering on the sidelines.
69) 0) text: Clive, Elsa, and Dexter confer in the storage room. Clive nervously paces back and forth, while Elsa sits in the co with Dren, keeping her calm in the presence of this newco Dexter can't help staring at Dren's strangeness.
69) 2) dialog: And take her where?
69) 4) dialog: What are we gonna do? We need someplace... away from everything.
69) 6) dialog: We wouldn't be in this mess if you'd been paying enough attention to observe a fucking gender change!
69) 9) dialog: What? Elsa looks up, dredging the words from a place of dread.
70) 0) text: Clive and Elsa stand on the platform of the loading dock Dexter slowly backs a VAN towards them, leaning out the d side window. We can see from beyond the garage door that it's late night outside. Elsa holds a protective arm around Dren. Clive steadies t rolling cart, loaded with equipment and supplies, at the edge of the platform,
70) 1) dialog: All these years, you've owned this farm. And you never mentioned it? Elsa looks troubled and remote.
70) 3) dialog: I didn't know you still had it!
70) 5) dialog: But she's dead.
71) 0) text: Clive and Elsa drive past the city limits. In the back, seen between their bucket seats, is Dren, peering out nervously from under a blanket.
71) 2) dialog: So.. it wasn't all Norman Rockwell? 74 70.
71) 4) dialog: Sounds like a lot of mothers.
71) 6) dialog: (sympathetic) I can't believe you never told me this before.
72) 0) text: A clapboard farmhouse rests some twenty yards from stable and a Quonset hut of corrugated iron -- A PASTEURIZATION BARN. They are isolated and ominous against the night sky The van backs up to the Barn casting it in the amber glow tail lights. Clive gets out and unlocks a large sliding door. Its mouth gapes open, the interior too dark to see inside. Elsa comes around to the rear of the van and opens the ba Dren cowers within. Elsa holds out her arms but Dren scut deeper inside.
73) 0) text: Cries of "Dren" fill the night air as Clive and Elsa wade through undergrowth and thick brush with flashlights.
73) 1) dialog: This is the disaster everyone warns about. A new species set loose in the world.
73) 3) dialog: She just did!
74) 4) dialog: (trying to lighten the mood) Well, it ain't the Taj Mahal, but this place is going to clean up great. Clive climbs up a small step ladder and pulls out a garde hose from a large stainless steel tank filled with water. The tank, formerly for pasteurizing milk, is a perfect ve for Dren's water time. In fact, the sterile requirements of milk processing are surprisingly close to those of a laboratory.
74) 5) dialog: You like it, Dren? 77 78 79 73. Dren seems less enthusiastic. Elsa wets a cloth with the hose and gently washes the dried raccoon blood off from h mouth. But Dren resists.
74) 9) dialog: She's just upset. Everything's new. Give her time. She'll be fine.
75) 0) text: Clive and Elsa tip-toe away from Dren, sleeping soundly u a blanket on an inflated mattress. They carefully shut the door, locking Dren inside the Bar
76) 0) text: It has the dark, foreboding quality of any building that hasn't been entered in years. They reach the front porch. Holding a FLASHLIGHT with one hand, Clive unlocks the doo with the other. Elsa braces herself.
76) 1) dialog: You okay? Elsa bucks up and steps forward.
77) 0) text: Clive snaps on the lights, though many light bulbs are de The place is cobwebbed and dusty, but otherwise surprisin tidy and spare. 80 81 82 83 74. There's a potbellied stove in the middle of the common ro an open kitchen and a series of bedroom doors along the b
78) 0) text: The door to Elsa's old bedroom swings open. Clive peers i at a room devoid of any furnishings or decor. A single tw mattress sits alone in the middle of the floor. Elsa hides a shudder.
78) 1) dialog: I thought you said your mother kept your room exactly like it was. Elsa's mouth tightens as she turns away.
80) 0) text: Clive approaches the security entrance. Dreadlocked-Yuji has been replaced by an anonymous, spit-polished SECURITY GUARD.
81) 0) text: Clive enters the remodeled lab, walking down a long line identical, evenly spaced work cubicles. As he passes, the faces of his co-workers stare out mournfully from their b Like prisoners of war, observing their conquered leader i chains. With a sigh, Clive settles into his own cubical. Just ano employee. The first thing he sees is Barlow's head, over the partit
81) 2) dialog: Not feeling well.
81) 4) dialog: She's sick. Barlow's lips tighten. 84 85 75.
81) 6) dialog: People get sick. It happens.
84) 0) text: Two vehicles pull up in front of the farmhouse. Clive sli down from the driver's side of the van. Elsa issues from their vintage hotrod. Together they unload boxes of equipment and supplies from the back of the van.
85) 0) text: Elsa, Clive and Dren sit at a small folding table. Elsa h trouble getting Dren to eat. Impatiently, she pushes a bo of green muck towards Dren. Dren shoves it back.
85) 2) dialog: She doesn't like it. Maybe she'd prefer meat.
85) 4) dialog: Is raccoon considered a vegetable?
85) 9) dialog: (skeptical) Where would she get a word like that?
85) 15) dialog: Elsa, cool it. Elsa spins on him.
85) 17) dialog: All right. It's over. Elsa is suddenly wracked with guilt and hurt.
85) 19) dialog: But she's okay now. Clive glances over Elsa's shoulder and finds that Dren ha in fact, left her seat. He hears a noise overhead. He and Elsa look up and are startled to see Dren clamoring up a network of pipes leading to the ceiling.
85) 21) dialog: Shit! They run for the door.
86) 0) text: Clive scrambles up a slender ladder along the back of the arched building. Elsa follows, a few rungs behind.
87) 0) text: The roof has a narrow path along the center of its arch. One wrong step and it's a slippery slide down to a thirty foot drop. Clive and Elsa climb breathlessly up to see Dren at the f side of the skylight, back arched, eyes wide, once again bedazzled by the breadth of open space. 79. Elsa and Clive slowly shuffle across the roof towards her
87) 3) dialog: C'mon Dren. We're not angry. Dren is getting dangerously close to the far end of the r Elsa looks terrified.
87) 7) dialog: Dren, stop! Dren pauses, looks back over her shoulder. 90 80.
87) 8) dialog: Please don't. Dren keeps her eyes trained on Clive. Something in his pleading tone is having an effect. He takes a few cautiou steps forward. Elsa watches, too frightened to interfere.
87) 9) dialog: Dren. Don't go. We need you. (gauging her reaction) We... love you, Dren. Clive holds out his hand. Dren feels the pull of freedom. But the pull of Clive is stronger. Her wings abruptly retract. She plunges forward, into his arms. All at once, she is shaking and scared. A terrified child. Clive holds her tight, stroking her back. Elsa allows her to breathe, relieved. And just a tad jealous.
88) 0) text: The skylight has been boarded shut. The last bit of natur light is cut off. Two sizable steaks are dropped onto an electric grill. Th explode with a LOUD SIZZLE. Clive is cooking. Elsa is examining the latest miracle of Dren's physiology.
88) 1) dialog: (to Dren) Smells pretty good, huh? Dren watches hungrily from her chair.
88) 3) dialog: I'm rewarding her for coming back. (to Dren) Good girl. Dren seems to preen at his encouraging tone. Clive can't resist a quick glance down her newly feminized body, the slender trace of an hour-glass figure.
88) 4) dialog: You're not a little girl anymore. Are you? (to Elsa) Do you think she'll ever fly?
89) 0) text: Next morning. Elsa types notes into her laptop. While eat cereal, Clive studies one of Dren's new feathers, utterly fascinated. He rubs the feather in one direction against the cereal b Its translucent hair-like threads gently give way.
89) 1) dialog: It's incredibly delicate. Elsa stops typing and takes the feather and runs it the o way, Slicing through the box like a razor.
89) 3) dialog: What?
89) 5) dialog: I don't do that. Do I do that?
89) 7) dialog: Alright. I'm sorry. Clive gets up, dumping his bowl into the kitchen sink.
89) 8) dialog: We should get going. Elsa doesn't move.
89) 10) dialog: Elsa, we talked about this. You have to show your face. We have to keep up appearances.
89) 12) dialog: Great. I guess that just leaves me to handle the real world. He slams the door, pissed.
90) 0) text: Clive marches to his car, slows as he passes the barn. Fr inside he can hear Dren's beautiful birdsong. Clive presses close to the wall of the barn, peering thro the cracks in the clapboard exterior. CLIVE'S POV: Barely visible through the slats, Dren sits perched elegantly on an overhanging beam. She looks like statue, the only thing betraying life are the exquisitely alien tones that tumble from her puckered lips. Clive can't bring himself to take his eyes off her until, unexpectedly and with shocking speed, she stares right ba at him. Instinctively, he presses himself flat against the wall. Like he's been caught doing something terribly wrong. He hustles over to his car and tears down the dusty drive.
91) 1) dialog: It's incredible, Dex. The way she's changing. She... she's like this impossible symphony of biological processes that just keeps--
91) 5) dialog: She's a living being.
91) 7) dialog: You don't know that. Maybe this is what we're supposed to be doing. Maybe it's a natural part of evolution. Did you ever think of that? Dexter gives his brother a hard, long look.
91) 9) dialog: What are you talking about?
91) 11) dialog: Are you fucking nuts?
91) 13) dialog: Whoa, whoa. Wait a second. That's not true. And even if it was, why would anyone believe it?
91) 15) dialog: You're jealous. You're jealous because we've done something unbelievable! 94 84.
91) 17) dialog: ...Because one of us got to be a genius. And it wasn't you! Dexter just blinks, speechless in the face of Clive's biz emotional assault.
91) 19) dialog: (between his teeth) Dexter. I haven't needed your help since we were twelve. Clive storms from the room. Heads turn. Barlow notes his exit.
94) 0) text: Clive's car pulls up the drive.
95) 0) text: Clive comes into the darkened farmhouse.
95) 1) dialog: El? No sign of her. He explores deeper into the house.
96) 0) text: The door opens a crack. Clive pokes his head inside. Elsa is fast asleep, curled up child-like on the tiny mattress Clive gently pulls a blanket over her, then quietly leave the room, shutting the door behind him.
97) 0) text: Clive enters the barn. He hears a rustle and sees Dren cu by her private space. 87. Clive walks over and kneels next to her. Dren stares at t floor, her jaw is set and angry.
97) 1) dialog: What's the matter girl? Dren melts into sorrow the way a child responds to pity. She launches herself into Clive's sympathetic arms, shuddering.
97) 2) dialog: Bad day? Clive pulls her gently to her feet.
97) 3) dialog: Let's lighten things up around here. Clive moves to another part of the room, slides a CD into boom-box on the counter. It's the rendition of "Under My Skin" that Dren likes. The music perks her up. She sways in time with it, chortl and whistling. Clive does a comical two-step that brings a hint of a smi to Dren's face. Emulating him, she sways from foot to foo in time with the music.
97) 4) dialog: Atta-girl. I knew we got the dance gene in there. Clive comes up to her, positions Dren's arms on his shoul putting one hand above her hip, the other gently on her b He leads her in a clumsy rocking slow dance, slightly ridiculous at first -- like the ill-matched couples in an elementary school gymnasium.
97) 5) dialog: Follow my lead. They slowly find a measure of synch, despite their differ anatomy. Clive's lead sets an elegant rhythm.
97) 6) dialog: I'll show you how the pros do it. Clive throws a couple of variations into the foot work. Dren, now in the groove, follows perfectly. They become graceful and lightfooted.
97) 7) dialog: My first girlfriend made me take dance lessons. (beat) Don't tell Elsa. 100 88. As though triggered by the hint of conspiracy, Dren tight her grip on Clive, drawing him in close. The move is subt adjusting her balance, but they now dance body-to-body. Dren's eyes close, her head rolls back, getting lost in t music and the intimacy. Despite himself, Clive is becomin aroused. He notes the sensuous length of her neck, the ar of her back, her hair... He freezes. Drops his arms. Dren's eyes open, bewildered. Wondering what she's done wrong. Clive gently brushes back Dren's hair where he finds a SI SHOCK OF WHITE.
97) 8) dialog: (under his breath) Elsa... Dren is annoyed that Elsa's name should interrupt the dan Clive steps back from her, shaken.
97) 9) dialog: Okay. That's enough. (beat) That's enough dancing. Dren. Clive walks over to the boom box and smacks the STOP butt then strides off towards the door.
97) 10) dialog: Good night. He makes a hasty exit, leaving Dren slumped in the middle the barn like a jilted date.
98) 0) text: Elsa emerges from her childhood bedroom, rubbing her eyes Clive is already dressed for work, sipping coffee at the table, looking angry.
98) 2) dialog: It's your DNA.
98) 4) dialog: In Dren. Elsa doesn't have a response, there's no denying it. 101 89.
98) 5) dialog: You put yourself into the experiment. (furious, grasping for the right words) How could... What were you...? I mean, was this ever about the science?
98) 7) dialog: If you really believe that then you're even more fucked up than I thought.
98) 9) dialog: I'm sick of it. I'm tired of being your crutch. I'm tired of your secrets... And your lies.
98) 11) dialog: Yeah, you were very careful. What was it? “Healthy female. Clean heredity"?
98) 13) dialog: Maybe you should take another glance at your family history. Clive makes a slamming exit, leaving Elsa alone with his parting jab.
99) 0) text: Elsa sits depressed at the table, her face tight with frustration and anger. She feels like complete wreckage. Dren is mad at her. Clive's mad at her. She hasn't been t work. Everything's falling apart. Something brushes past her leg and she looks down. It's t cat, rubbing affectionately against her. Elsa's face sudd softens. She picks put the cat and strokes it, relieved that someone, anyone, isn't hating her. 102 90.
102) 0) text: Clive drives up to the barn. He thinks he hears a HIGH-PI SCREAM under the SOUND OF THE RADIO. He snaps off the mus but there's nothing.
103) 0) text: Clive lets himself in and is confronted with the horrific aftermath of an improvised surgery. Dren is strapped semi conscious to the table. Elsa is bandaging the stump of he tail. Long locks of hair litter the floor near a puddle o congealing blood. Dren cranes her neck and cries out to Clive, her fingers flexing and clawing under the straps.
103) 1) dialog: What the fuck are you doing?!
103) 3) dialog: Jesus Christ! Elsa! Clive rushes to the table to unstrap Dren, but Elsa grabs his wrist.
103) 5) dialog: And so you... cut off her hair? Elsa doesn't respond. She simply takes the chunk of Dren' tail in her rubber-gloved hand and places it carefully in small picnic cooler filled with ice cubes. 106 93.
103) 7) dialog: What does that have to do with anything?
103) 9) dialog: We don't know that she has it.
103) 11) dialog: Where are you going?
103) 13) dialog: Dren? Dren looks to him with wounded, frightened eyes, as if he were an accomplice in her torture. She weakly retreats to the corner. Clive takes in the shambles of this private hell, the deteriorating condition of the barn. At his feet is the carcass of the dead cat.
104) 0) text: Clive shovels dirt out of a hole about the size of a larg shoe box. A few feet away is the tombstone of Elsa's moth He gently lowers a small package wrapped in paper towel i the hole. A breeze blows aside the paper and we see that it's the cat. 107 108 109
106) 0) text: Clive is agitated, pacing the floor of the bedroom with a tumbler of ice-cubes in one hand. He fumbles on the dress with a bottle of scotch. He pours himself a healthy hit o liquor, tosses it down his throat. His laptop is open. On-screen is a webcam feed from the barn: several cameras trained on various angles encompass the room. No sign of Dren. All at once, her face pops up. Clive catches this. Comes close. Then as if sensing his presence, she abruptly disappears. He flips through several windows, picking her up again fr another angle: She climbs the step ladder, removes her hospital gown and slides into her water tank. He calls up an underwater camera. Dren sensuously rolls h naked body against the wall of the pool, the water acting like a healing salve for her damaged tail. He can't get o how lithe and womanly she has become. Instinctively, he reaches out and runs his fingers along image. As he does this, Dren's own hand reaches out, and impossibly, brushes past the camera, mirroring his gestur Clive jumps back, jolted from his trance. He slams the la shut. He grabs the bottle of scotch and slides to the flo pouring a large gulp down his throat.
108) 0) text: A beam of sunlight smacks Clive across the eyes. He hauls himself upright with a pained groan. Whisky and guilt are twin swords slicing his brain.
108) 1) dialog: Elsa? EL?!
109) 0) text: Clive trudges though the common room, still a little drun and clearly in pain.
109) 1) dialog: Elsa! He shuffles out the front door. 112 96.
110) 0) text: Clive finds the barn empty. Elsa is not there, nor is Dre
110) 1) dialog: Elsa?! Dren?! He zeroes-in on Dren's special hiding place, but she's no there. He bounds up the step ladder only to find the murky water Dren-less. He's beginning to panic, rushing around the ta As he turns, WHAM, Dren is on him. She's planted him with a full-on, open-mouthed kiss. Cliv pulls himself out of it, perhaps a little reluctantly.
110) 2) dialog: Dren, you can't... what are you doing? Dren stares at him hungrily. Her parted lips have a fulln he'd never noticed. Her eyes shine with unabashed, pure lust. The knowledge that some part of her is Elsa somehow heightens the moment. When her mouth finds its way back to his, he plunges in w abandon. Her hospital gown falls off one shoulder. Dren wraps her legs around Clive's torso, driving her breasts to his face, her wings unfurl, flapping excitedly. Clive presses her up against the water tank. They writhe the floor, gown riding up over her waist. Clive quickly fumbles open his pants, tears open his shirt. His mouth is all over her marble-white torso. Dren's tail rides up between his legs, exploring. She arches her back allowing entry. Clive's body surrenders to the moment. In the growing excitement, the bandage on Dren's tail beg to tear off. The stump has already healed over -- And the severed stinger has grown back, protruding from the new s of skin and dripping with fresh venom! It curls around Clive, a hair's breadth from his naked sk But Clive is oblivious, building to climax. A STARTLED GASP pulls him out of it. Clive and Dren freeze as one. Clive quickly turns and see Elsa, paralyzed near the door. Her mouth hangs open in an expression of shocked repulsion. Clive scuttles off Dren, clumsily reassembling his pants. 113 114 115 97.
110) 4) dialog: Elsa... I'm sorry... I don't... Clive stands midway between Elsa and Dren. His lips mumbl looking for the right words. They don't exist. He turns from Elsa's disbelieving grimace to Dren's horri face as she sits there half-naked, abandoned in mid-coitu Their looks are IDENTICAL. Mother and daughter. The resemblance hammers Clive's brain. Elsa finally unfreezes. She backs toward the door, gets a hand on the doorknob and tears out of there. Clive takes off after her, clutching his open shirt, slamming the doo behind him. Dren is left on the floor by the tank, her face still wea Elsa's horror.
111) 0) text: Elsa is already in her car, backing around to make a forw exit. Clive pounds on the driver's-side window.
111) 1) dialog: Elsa, don't go. Talk to me. Clive watches helplessly as Elsa burns away with SCREECHI TIRES. He grips his hair. Looks to the pasteurization bar then at the dusty trail of the receding vehicle.
111) 2) dialog: (softly) Fuck. Clive quickly locks the barn, then clamors into the van a drives off after her.
112) 0) text: Clive enters the apartment. Sees a stack of mail has collected on the floor. There's a light on in the kitchen
113) 0) text: Clive finds Elsa at the kitchen table staring into space. He approaches, sheepish, not sure what to expect.
113) 1) dialog: El. 98.
113) 3) dialog: I guess "I'm sorry" isn't worth much. Elsa explodes.
113) 5) dialog: It just happened. I barely knew...
113) 8) dialog: (quietly) We changed the rules.
113) 10) dialog: We crossed a line. After that... things got confused...
113) 12) dialog: Right and wrong.
113) 14) dialog: Oh... And you are? Why did you want to make her in the first place? For the betterment of mankind? (MORE )
113) 16) dialog: (no response) You didn't want an normal child because you were afraid of losing control. But an experiment... that's something else.
113) 18) dialog: So, do I. But we fucked up, El. Jesus Christ. We chained her up. Locked her away from the world. Sawed off her fucking tail. Elsa holds her head in her hands. Regret is beginning ecl rage.
113) 20) dialog: Fuck. Everything seemed like a good idea. Clive glances around the apartment, taking in their old l Their wide-screen tv, surround-sound stereo, games, gadge luxuries. Their wall of books and toys.
113) 21) dialog: I just wish things could go back to the way they were. Elsa raises her head, wiping tears from her eyes. She's bucking up. She's getting her head straight.
113) 23) dialog: (stunned) What?
113) 25) dialog: Then... we could save things. Put our lives back together. 116 117 100.
113) 27) dialog: Except. For. Her. Clive just stares at Elsa. An unspoken understanding. Els whispers:
113) 30) dialog: The experiment is over. Our responsibility is to end it. Elsa begins to concede to his chilling logic.
113) 32) dialog: The most humane way possible.
114) 0) text: Clive and Elsa have returned. They slam the doors to the van and head towards the barn without a word. Clive has a large hypodermic needle in his hand, already uncapped.
115) 0) text: The RATTLE of the lock. The SQUEAK of the door opening. Clive and Elsa enter the barn and quickly bolt the door b them. Elsa calls out, careful not to let even a hint of emotion enter her voice.
115) 7) dialog: What?
115) 9) dialog: What do we do? Elsa shakes her head. No answers.
116) 0) text: The light has grown dim. Clive is asleep in an old arm ch The sound of SOBBING wakes him. He opens his eyes, sees Elsa from behind, hunched, crying. Dren lies on the cot deathly still. He reaches for Elsa. Then draws his hand back, knowing hi touch can only make things worse.
117) 0) text: Clive climbs out of a freshly dug shallow grave in the fa plot, next to where the cat had been buried, Elsa's mothe nearby. A single lantern lights their farewell. Elsa gently drops the Barbie doll into the grave. Dren's body is already down there, wrapped in Elsa's old blanket
117) 1) dialog: Do you, uh... want to say anything? Elsa shakes her head. There are no more tears, no more words. Just the dreadful weight of remorse. Clive shovels earth into the grave.
118) 0) text: A bonfire crackles in a garbage can near the entrance to barn. Clive throws clothes, molted feathers, garbage... a remaining evidence of Dren into the flames.
119) 0) text: The barn is nearly cleaned out, the vat drained, equipmen boxed and prepped for moving. Elsa sweeps the last of the garbage off the floor. She ja the broom into Dren's old hiding place and draws back a p of papers. She is suddenly stuck with emotion. These are drawings that Dren had made of Elsa. Not one, n two, but many sketches. All of them hidden away. 122 103. All of them speaking of a secret love that a daughter had for a mother. Tears well in Elsa's eyes. Clive steps into the barn with wheeled dolly.
119) 1) dialog: Almost done? Elsa swallows her emotion, speaks without turning to him.
120) 0) text: Clive and Elsa come out of the barn as a SEDAN roars up t drive. The door flies open and Dexter steps out. His expression is a combination of stern resolve and guilt.
120) 7) dialog: "It" doesn't belong to anyone.
120) 18) dialog: One was enough.
120) 20) dialog: El, run! But she's frozen to the spot, transfixed by this macabre transformation. Dren takes another menacing step forward. Clive leaps between them. Male-Dren instantly attacks, effortlessly flinging Clive into the burning trash can, spilling its contents and setting the ground alight. Dexter lunges to retrieve the shovel. He picks it up and swings. Ina blur of movement, Male-Dren deftly dodges it, and with one sweep of his wings, leaps off Clive, draggin Dexter into the darkness. Elsa rushes over to Clive, bloodied but not badly injured and pulls him to his feet. They watch helpless as sounds violence fill the air. 123 106.
120) 21) dialog: Dexter?! No response.
120) 22) dialog: Dexter! A deadening calm descends. Nothing but the CRACKLING FIRE Flames lap at the barn door. Elsa tries to pull Clive away.
120) 24) dialog: 
121) 0) text: Elsa jumps into the driver's seat, hands shaking, she pat her pockets, searching for the keys. Clive wrenches open the driver's-side door.
121) 1) dialog: We can't leave!
121) 3) dialog: I am not leaving my brother!
121) 5) dialog: No, he's--
122) 0) text: Elsa and Clive burst inside, freaking out. Elsa locks the door behind them.
123) 0) text: Elsa and Clive stumble into the kitchen. She wets a rag i the sink and dabs his wounds.
123) 2) dialog: What... happened?! Elsa is struck with a realization.
123) 4) dialog: Don't..! WHOOSH! Flames belch from the room in an explosive backdr Elsa is propelled to the floor. She watches, mesmerized, a chunk of barn lays burning on the mattress. Apparently, Male-Dren thrust it through the window. The entire room i flames. He's smoking them out. Clive grabs Elsa, wrenching her from the sight.
123) 5) dialog: Come on! Clive drags Elsa to the door. He grabs a flashlight from the counter. Together, they stumble out into the night. 126 127 128 108.
124) 0) text: They burst out of the house, Clive clutching the flashlig Elsa the butcher knife. She yanks on his arm.
125) 0) text: Clive and Elsa stumble over rough terrain. Branches whip their face and arms. Thick bushes tear at their legs. Above: FLAPPING WINGS followed by the RUSTLE OF BRANCHES. FLAP, RUSTLE. FLAP, RUSTLE. It's getting closer. It sounds like Male-Dren is flinging himself from tree to tree, tracking them from above. And then nothing. Silence They resume their run.
126) 0) text: They stumble into a waist-deep SWAMPY BOG. Elsa scrambles out onto a rocky embankment. Clive struggles through the sucking mud, gets stuck.
126) 2) dialog: I... can't. Cursing, Elsa tries to pull him up on a rock, but they sl knocking the flashlight into the water. Clive watches helplessly as it sinks, the beam illuminating its descent
126) 4) dialog: Let it go.
126) 6) dialog: I'll get it. Clive grasps the stick and prods deeper for the flashligh The stick dances around the light, finally managing to ho around the handle.
126) 7) dialog: Got it. He pulls the light up, illuminating the ghostly face of M Dren who swims amphibian-like under the surface. Elsa screams, jumps back. Male-Dren grabs the stick and yanks Clive into the water.
129) 0) text: Clive stirs, regaining consciousness. At the sound of ELS SCREAM, he launches himself into a run for the edge of th forest. 132 111.
130) 0) text: Clive enters the field breathless and in pain. Nothing is visible beyond the rolling horizon of wheat. He is about turn back, when he sees something sticking out of the soi THE BUTCHER KNIFE. He picks it up. Then he hears it. STRANGE PURRING and SCRAPING SOUNDS. He pushes into a small clearing of trampled wheat in time see Male-Dren on top of Elsa, her arms pinned over her he his pelvis thrusting. Clive is frozen by the sight. He overcomes his paralysis, his face hardening. He raises the knife... Elsa sees this, is pulled back into awareness, looks up, into the face that hangs over hers, Male-Dren stiffening the grip of sexual ecstasy as he releases inside her... Clive lunges forward, driving the knife into the Hybrid's shoulder. Male-Dren lets out a HIGH-PITCHED SHRIEK. He launches himself up with the force of his wings, spinning face Clive. Clive swings the knife downward again, cleaving into a wi MORE SCREAMING, but this time Male-Dren attacks. His wing swipe and flutter at Clive, blowing him backwards with th wind-force. Clive lands hard. The creature pounces on top of him. In that moment, it would seem that Clive is done for. Then, rock bounces off Male-Dren's head with a brutal CRUNCH. Male-Dren staggers back, clearly stunned. He turns to fac Elsa, a bloody rock in her hands. Weeping, Elsa hesitates. There's a moment when she can't quite do it. Can't quite murder... Male-Dren's BARBED TAIL flashes out and plunges deep into Clive's chest, piercing his heart. Clive stiffens, chokes then falls away. Instantly dead. Male-Dren arches to the sky, lets out a final VICTORIOUS SCREAM. He wrenches the knife out of his chest with a hor sucking sound. He turns to Elsa just in time to catch another blow to th head. Male-Dren drops backwards, blood gushing from the impact point. Elsa hoists the rock and hulks over the felled Hybrid. 133 112. Male-Dren's face changes. The menacing animal violence fa away. The eyes go soft, almost pleading. The mouth trembl taking on recognizably human facets of fear, hurt... even betrayal. And she lets the rock drop, crushing his skull into a SICKENING PULP. Male-Dren's body spasms once or twice bef resting. Elsa falls to her knees, numb and drained. Tears roll dow her cheeks at the sight of Clive's body, and the crumpled mess that was once Dren. She lets herself cry, a convulsing weeping, while in the distance the farm burns to the ground.