10) 0) text: The modest apartment is overflowing with electronics, DVD comic books, movie posters, toys and other expensive pop junk. This is what happens when geeks get an income. Clive and Elsa tumble in, snapping on the lights, still r the combined high of alcohol, drugs and adrenaline. Clive shirt sports an explosion of red paint across the chest.
58) 0) text: Elsa and Clive wheel the cart with equipment on top. A bo labelled, Sequence Driver, rests beneath. The top shifts. Dren's eyes peer out. Elsa pushes her gently back down.
62) 0) text: It's night now, Clive has accomplished a lot with the roo piling all the unwanted boxes to one side. He finishes mopping the floor while Elsa dotes over sick Dren. She pu a thermometer from Dren's mouth and studies it.
63) 0) text: We watch a montage of video footage of Dren, taking us th her rapid physical development from the body of a SEVEN Y OLD GIRL to that of an adolescent. The storage room has now taken on the character of a fami living room. 60. Dren is dressed for the first time in a HOSPITAL GOWN. Li girl's barrettes stuck to her tufts of hair humanize her just enough to really emphasize her strangeness.
64) 0) text: Clive puts down the camcorder as Elsa dims the light near Dren, who is tucking under the covers, post-bath. Elsa begins to step away, when Dren bolts upright, her ar reaching out, clearly agitated.
69) 0) text: Clive, Elsa, and Dexter confer in the storage room. Clive nervously paces back and forth, while Elsa sits in the co with Dren, keeping her calm in the presence of this newco Dexter can't help staring at Dren's strangeness.
70) 0) text: Clive and Elsa stand on the platform of the loading dock Dexter slowly backs a VAN towards them, leaning out the d side window. We can see from beyond the garage door that it's late night outside. Elsa holds a protective arm around Dren. Clive steadies t rolling cart, loaded with equipment and supplies, at the edge of the platform,
71) 0) text: Clive and Elsa drive past the city limits. In the back, seen between their bucket seats, is Dren, peering out nervously from under a blanket.
72) 0) text: A clapboard farmhouse rests some twenty yards from stable and a Quonset hut of corrugated iron -- A PASTEURIZATION BARN. They are isolated and ominous against the night sky The van backs up to the Barn casting it in the amber glow tail lights. Clive gets out and unlocks a large sliding door. Its mouth gapes open, the interior too dark to see inside. Elsa comes around to the rear of the van and opens the ba Dren cowers within. Elsa holds out her arms but Dren scut deeper inside.
73) 0) text: Cries of "Dren" fill the night air as Clive and Elsa wade through undergrowth and thick brush with flashlights.
74) 0) text: Elsa locks the door from the inside and loops the key cha over her head like a necklace. She turns to Dren, who is hyper, panting and flitting her attention around her new surroundings.
75) 0) text: Clive and Elsa tip-toe away from Dren, sleeping soundly u a blanket on an inflated mattress. They carefully shut the door, locking Dren inside the Bar
83) 0) text: The interior has been enhanced with furniture from the farmhouse as well as some makeshift lab equipment. Left alone, Dren roams the perimeter clutching her Barbie. Her head cocks towards the rafters, letting out an oddly beautiful, but MOURNFUL SONG. Dren stops by a VANITY MIRROR set up at a small table. Sh strokes the doll's hair. Runs a finger along its neck and pulls off the dress. She compares it to her own reflection. Her thin, patchy hair. The strange protrusions along her back and arms. Th alien-looking legs and undeveloped chest. The deep vertic seam down her face and body. The contrast to Barbie enrages her. She SMASHES THE DOLL INTO THE MIRROR. Shards TINKLE away. Dren lines up the Barbie so that its face and body are bisected by a long vertical crack. Barbie still looks impossibly beautiful. Dren throws the doll across the roo Then kicks a chair into the base of the water tank. A MEWING SOUND from behind the tank. Curious, Dren creeps around and discovers a mottled, smal cat has somehow managed to sneak into the barn. It MEOWS her, looking lost, hungry and afraid. 86 87 76. Dren cocks her head, then with frightening speed snatches up. We are instantly reminded of the raccoon's fate. But Dren does not attack. Instead she strokes the animal with one hand, fascinated by the texture of its fur. Dren carries it with her to a workbench at the furthest c of the barn. She pulls aside a plastic sheet and hides herself and the cat in the vacant storage space beneath.
85) 0) text: Elsa, Clive and Dren sit at a small folding table. Elsa h trouble getting Dren to eat. Impatiently, she pushes a bo of green muck towards Dren. Dren shoves it back.
87) 0) text: The roof has a narrow path along the center of its arch. One wrong step and it's a slippery slide down to a thirty foot drop. Clive and Elsa climb breathlessly up to see Dren at the f side of the skylight, back arched, eyes wide, once again bedazzled by the breadth of open space. 79. Elsa and Clive slowly shuffle across the roof towards her
87) 5) dialog: Her raised voice startles Dren back another step. Her fee pivot on the edge of the roof. Her torso swings back and forth, desperate to regain her balance.
88) 0) text: The skylight has been boarded shut. The last bit of natur light is cut off. Two sizable steaks are dropped onto an electric grill. Th explode with a LOUD SIZZLE. Clive is cooking. Elsa is examining the latest miracle of Dren's physiology.
89) 0) text: Next morning. Elsa types notes into her laptop. While eat cereal, Clive studies one of Dren's new feathers, utterly fascinated. He rubs the feather in one direction against the cereal b Its translucent hair-like threads gently give way.
90) 0) text: Clive marches to his car, slows as he passes the barn. Fr inside he can hear Dren's beautiful birdsong. Clive presses close to the wall of the barn, peering thro the cracks in the clapboard exterior. CLIVE'S POV: Barely visible through the slats, Dren sits perched elegantly on an overhanging beam. She looks like statue, the only thing betraying life are the exquisitely alien tones that tumble from her puckered lips. Clive can't bring himself to take his eyes off her until, unexpectedly and with shocking speed, she stares right ba at him. Instinctively, he presses himself flat against the wall. Like he's been caught doing something terribly wrong. He hustles over to his car and tears down the dusty drive.
91) 0) text: Dexter works with glum fortitude at his work station. Cli is seated next to him. In his hand is Dren's feather. Dex won't even look at it.
92) 0) text: Elsa enters the barn and gently approaches Dren, holding a hair-brush as though it were a new toy. Dren looks at i curious, but remains distant and cool.
97) 0) text: Clive enters the barn. He hears a rustle and sees Dren cu by her private space. 87. Clive walks over and kneels next to her. Dren stares at t floor, her jaw is set and angry.
99) 0) text: Elsa sits depressed at the table, her face tight with frustration and anger. She feels like complete wreckage. Dren is mad at her. Clive's mad at her. She hasn't been t work. Everything's falling apart. Something brushes past her leg and she looks down. It's t cat, rubbing affectionately against her. Elsa's face sudd softens. She picks put the cat and strokes it, relieved that someone, anyone, isn't hating her. 102 90.
101) 0) text: Dren wakes to find her arms, legs and tail secured to an examination table. Elsa stands over her, a scalpel in hand, her face utterly devoid of emotion. She speaks in a detached, clinical man into a tape recorder.
103) 0) text: Clive lets himself in and is confronted with the horrific aftermath of an improvised surgery. Dren is strapped semi conscious to the table. Elsa is bandaging the stump of he tail. Long locks of hair litter the floor near a puddle o congealing blood. Dren cranes her neck and cries out to Clive, her fingers flexing and clawing under the straps.
106) 0) text: Clive is agitated, pacing the floor of the bedroom with a tumbler of ice-cubes in one hand. He fumbles on the dress with a bottle of scotch. He pours himself a healthy hit o liquor, tosses it down his throat. His laptop is open. On-screen is a webcam feed from the barn: several cameras trained on various angles encompass the room. No sign of Dren. All at once, her face pops up. Clive catches this. Comes close. Then as if sensing his presence, she abruptly disappears. He flips through several windows, picking her up again fr another angle: She climbs the step ladder, removes her hospital gown and slides into her water tank. He calls up an underwater camera. Dren sensuously rolls h naked body against the wall of the pool, the water acting like a healing salve for her damaged tail. He can't get o how lithe and womanly she has become. Instinctively, he reaches out and runs his fingers along image. As he does this, Dren's own hand reaches out, and impossibly, brushes past the camera, mirroring his gestur Clive jumps back, jolted from his trance. He slams the la shut. He grabs the bottle of scotch and slides to the flo pouring a large gulp down his throat.
116) 0) text: The light has grown dim. Clive is asleep in an old arm ch The sound of SOBBING wakes him. He opens his eyes, sees Elsa from behind, hunched, crying. Dren lies on the cot deathly still. He reaches for Elsa. Then draws his hand back, knowing hi touch can only make things worse.
117) 0) text: Clive climbs out of a freshly dug shallow grave in the fa plot, next to where the cat had been buried, Elsa's mothe nearby. A single lantern lights their farewell. Elsa gently drops the Barbie doll into the grave. Dren's body is already down there, wrapped in Elsa's old blanket
118) 0) text: A bonfire crackles in a garbage can near the entrance to barn. Clive throws clothes, molted feathers, garbage... a remaining evidence of Dren into the flames.
119) 0) text: The barn is nearly cleaned out, the vat drained, equipmen boxed and prepped for moving. Elsa sweeps the last of the garbage off the floor. She ja the broom into Dren's old hiding place and draws back a p of papers. She is suddenly stuck with emotion. These are drawings that Dren had made of Elsa. Not one, n two, but many sketches. All of them hidden away. 122 103. All of them speaking of a secret love that a daughter had for a mother. Tears well in Elsa's eyes. Clive steps into the barn with wheeled dolly.
125) 0) text: Clive and Elsa stumble over rough terrain. Branches whip their face and arms. Thick bushes tear at their legs. Above: FLAPPING WINGS followed by the RUSTLE OF BRANCHES. FLAP, RUSTLE. FLAP, RUSTLE. It's getting closer. It sounds like Male-Dren is flinging himself from tree to tree, tracking them from above. And then nothing. Silence They resume their run.
128) 0) text: Elsa breaks through the tree-line and tumbles into a sea waist-high wheat. She weaves through it, directionless, panicked. Again, the sound of flapping wings overhead. She throws herself to the ground, lies under the cover of wheat, choking back her breath. SILENCE. She waits. Finally, rises, cautiously pokes her head abov the horizon of amber, her knuckles white around the handl of the butcher knife. BEHIND HER, two enormous multicolored wings silently spre outward as the form of Male-Dren rises into view. Elsa whirls around. The wings envelope her, whipping the knife from her hand, flinging it into the wheat field.
130) 0) text: Clive enters the field breathless and in pain. Nothing is visible beyond the rolling horizon of wheat. He is about turn back, when he sees something sticking out of the soi THE BUTCHER KNIFE. He picks it up. Then he hears it. STRANGE PURRING and SCRAPING SOUNDS. He pushes into a small clearing of trampled wheat in time see Male-Dren on top of Elsa, her arms pinned over her he his pelvis thrusting. Clive is frozen by the sight. He overcomes his paralysis, his face hardening. He raises the knife... Elsa sees this, is pulled back into awareness, looks up, into the face that hangs over hers, Male-Dren stiffening the grip of sexual ecstasy as he releases inside her... Clive lunges forward, driving the knife into the Hybrid's shoulder. Male-Dren lets out a HIGH-PITCHED SHRIEK. He launches himself up with the force of his wings, spinning face Clive. Clive swings the knife downward again, cleaving into a wi MORE SCREAMING, but this time Male-Dren attacks. His wing swipe and flutter at Clive, blowing him backwards with th wind-force. Clive lands hard. The creature pounces on top of him. In that moment, it would seem that Clive is done for. Then, rock bounces off Male-Dren's head with a brutal CRUNCH. Male-Dren staggers back, clearly stunned. He turns to fac Elsa, a bloody rock in her hands. Weeping, Elsa hesitates. There's a moment when she can't quite do it. Can't quite murder... Male-Dren's BARBED TAIL flashes out and plunges deep into Clive's chest, piercing his heart. Clive stiffens, chokes then falls away. Instantly dead. Male-Dren arches to the sky, lets out a final VICTORIOUS SCREAM. He wrenches the knife out of his chest with a hor sucking sound. He turns to Elsa just in time to catch another blow to th head. Male-Dren drops backwards, blood gushing from the impact point. Elsa hoists the rock and hulks over the felled Hybrid. 133 112. Male-Dren's face changes. The menacing animal violence fa away. The eyes go soft, almost pleading. The mouth trembl taking on recognizably human facets of fear, hurt... even betrayal. And she lets the rock drop, crushing his skull into a SICKENING PULP. Male-Dren's body spasms once or twice bef resting. Elsa falls to her knees, numb and drained. Tears roll dow her cheeks at the sight of Clive's body, and the crumpled mess that was once Dren. She lets herself cry, a convulsing weeping, while in the distance the farm burns to the ground.