0) 2) dialog: Stable.
0) 5) dialog: Do it. Clive leans in, slapping with a rubber-gloved hand.
0) 9) dialog: No obvious physical discrepancies. As she swings us around the lab towards a dome-covered incubator, we see that we have been birthed not from a mo but from the latex mouth of an ARTIFICIAL BIRTHING MACHIN
0) 11) dialog: (as a compliment to Clive) Of course. He was brilliantly conceived.
1) 0) text: The lab is naked, functional and illuminated under stulti florescent light. This is the gritty reality of contempor genetic engineering. Clive and Elsa, sans medical smocks, wheel the pod-like incubator down the corridor. We get our first good look a them: 3. Clive, early thirties, is tall with spiky hair and a hunc wiry grace. He's the kind of high school nerd who managed to morph into college cool, without ever realizing he was once a nerd. Elsa, about the same age, sports a tangled brunette mane accented by a single streak of white hair. She's a firecracker, brimming with happy self-assurance that come from a lifetime of being the smartest girl in the room. As they reach the end of the corridor, Clive betrays a hi of concern.
1) 2) dialog: They need to imprint.
2) 0) text: The door opens and Clive and Elsa roll in the incubator. room is small and sterile. Clive crosses to a cage on the floor and releases a BIZAR UNIDENTIFIABLE CREATURE. She has the stance of a small primate, though her face is almost pig-like. A long, liza tail extends from the base of her spine. Her skin is pale a collection of bizarre orifices decorate her back. Despite her predominantly monstrous appearance, there is something sweet, almost Buddha-like about her countenance Elsa captures the moment with a SMALL CAMCORDER.
3) 0) text: Clive and Elsa's team observe this historic event from be a one-way mirror. They watch enraptured as...
4) 1) text: It's okay, Ginger. He's family. GINGER ABRUPTLY JOLTS FORWARD, lunging at the newborn wit BLOOD-CURDLING SCREECH. Elsa GASPS. Clive lurches to rescue... But Ginger does nothing. Merely sniffs at the newborn, nudging it with her nose. Fred emits a PURRING GURGLE.
6) 0) text: Clive relaxes, watches with fascination as... Excited, Ginger lets out a SHORT SQUAWK, then continues h gentle smelling inspection. A probing tongue cleans the area around Fred's eyes. Elsa crouches in for a close-up, catching her breath.
6) 1) dialog: See? Love at first sight.
7) 5) dialog: There was a time when it was considered “unnatural” to perform surgery.
7) 7) dialog: Why not? Chimeras have been with us for thousands of years. Since the earliest myths. I see them as signposts for the future. For our evolution.
7) 9) dialog: You could say it's our religion. She casts a glance at Clive who watches admiring from the shadows.
8) 0) text: Clive and Elsa burst into a cubicle, hands and lips all o each other... They look as though they're on the verge of having sex right there.
8) 2) dialog: You think? 11 While Clive nibbles at her ear, Elsa brandishes a liquid dropper.
8) 3) dialog: Ready to bust loose? Clive pulls back, eyes the dropper warily.
8) 5) dialog: Afraid?
8) 7) dialog: I decreased the c-AMP formations. It'll be a smooth ride. Promise. She squeezes a few pearls of liquid onto her tongue, look at him daring. The temptation is too great. Clive plants his mouth over hers, sharing in the dose.
9) 0) text: The drug has kicked in. The night explodes with NOISE and COLORS as the dance floor surges. Clive and Elsa weave through the crowd. At every step, co-workers, friends, an acquaintances shake their hands, pat their backs, kiss ch showering them with nonstop affirmation. Elsa pulls Clive onto the dance floor. They bounce in tim with the wave of other bodies but somehow see only each o This is a portrait of two people deeply in love. Clive leans in for another kiss but his attention is draw to a BALD MAN on the edge of the dance floor, conspicuous immobile among the gyrating mob.
10) 0) text: The modest apartment is overflowing with electronics, DVD comic books, movie posters, toys and other expensive pop junk. This is what happens when geeks get an income. Clive and Elsa tumble in, snapping on the lights, still r the combined high of alcohol, drugs and adrenaline. Clive shirt sports an explosion of red paint across the chest.
10) 1) dialog: What I don't understand is why he didn't want to shoot me? I mean, of course a Right-Wing nutbar like that is incapable of believing a woman could be the head of an important scientific breakthrough, but still...
10) 3) dialog: No, I'm not.
10) 5) dialog: Shut up. They stumble towards...
10) 7) dialog: Let's get this thing off of you.
10) 10) dialog: (between kisses) Endorphins, horomone secretions to the central nervous system... Increases awareness and reaction time in moments of crisis... part of the survival mechanism.... Clive is becoming aroused, perhaps as much from Elsa's clinical banter as her touch.
10) 12) text: Probably not. Visual perception's contained within the occipital lobe... Clive drops Elsa onto the bed and starts peeling off her jeans.
10) 14) dialog: Enough. She plants her lips over his, effectively shutting him up then reaches for the drawer of the bed table.
10) 16) dialog: What?
10) 18) dialog: I don't think so.
10) 20) dialog: You're a genetic engineer, figure it out.
10) 22) dialog: We're on a mission, remember? It's not a good time.
10) 24) dialog: How about after we crack male pregnancy? 13 14 10.
10) 26) dialog: Hypocrite. Clive laughs, relenting. Then for a moment, grows serious
10) 28) dialog: Don't even say that. I'd never let it happen. Elsa leans over to turn the light off. The room snaps int DARKNESS. The sound of a TEARING CONDOM PACKAGE.
12) 0) text: Clive and Elsa are led hastily down a long, pristine corr by their project manager, WILLIAM BARLOW, fifties. A natu born bureaucrat, Barlow can barely suppress his feckless panic.
12) 3) dialog: Hey, we could splice a dog and a pony. 11.
12) 5) dialog: It'll be mind-blowing, Bill. Trust us.
12) 9) dialog: It was just a party. Elsa pops NERD candies into her mouth, crunching them lou
12) 12) dialog: Bumper-sticker wisdom. Elsa bites down loudly on a Nerd. Barlow grimaces as thou she were biting down on his nerves.
13) 2) dialog: And now, with the birth of Fred, we have a proven technique for braid- pairing, which can be applied to the most sophisticated of organisms. Namely... The color drains from Barlow's face. He looks to Elsa pleading with his eyes. She catches this look and continu with gleeful abandon.
13) 3) dialog: Human beings. The screen behind transitions from Ginger and Fred to an image of Da Vinci's VITRUVIAN MAN. A murmur among the assembled.
13) 5) dialog: Parkinson's. Liver damage. Epilepsy. And the grail...Cancer cure. A terrible moment of suspended silence as Clive and Elsa wait for the reaction. 13. Joan clears her throat. All eyes snap to her.
13) 8) dialog: Phase 2?
13) 11) dialog: But what about our proposal?
13) 13) dialog: Proceeding to human splicing was always part of our plan. It's what we signed on for.
14) 0) text: Elsa and Clive are pissed, their shoes CLATTERING LOUDLY through Novaphorm's underground parking facility.
14) 2) dialog: Novaphorm owns our patents. We'd lose everything. Elsa ducks into a bright red GTO, their car, slamming the door loudly.
15) 0) text: Clive turns the key in the ignition. Eight cylinders jump to life. Elsa stares through the windshield at the cement wall before them... seeing through it, beyond their limit 18 19 20 21 15.
15) 2) dialog: I am not spending the next five years pulling pap smears from swine. Elsa turns to Clive, her eyes burning with ambition, her mouth betraying a trace of smile. There's a moment. Elsa's determination pulverizes any reluctance Clive might possess. Not a word is spoken, but we can see it in their faces. They are going to do this thing. Abruptly, Clive throws the car into reverse and they SCRE out of the lot.
16) 0) text: Clive and Elsa's muscle car blazes through an anonymous s of buildings. Passes quickly through a security gate, par in a private spot.
17) 0) text: Clive and Elsa approach the desk of YUJI, a dreadlocked Japanese security guard reading a Hentai (porn) comic boo
17) 3) dialog: Sorry. In a hurry. +..then follows Clive down the hall to...
18) 0) text: Home to a motley horde of BIO-SPECIALISTS and TECHIES, ma glimpsed at the party, now prisoner to cramped work stati The staff greet Clive and Elsa like geek royalty as they hustle through the room, dodging an obstacle course of biohazard garbage containers, pipette bins and bacteria shakers as they head for...
19) 0) text: An empty sterile room is suddenly filled with pounding fu hip-hop, hyper-beat trance fusion music. 16. Clive slides into view on a wheeled chair. Powers up a wa of hard-drives. They sound like jet engines winding up. At a nearby table, with her back to him, Elsa prepares ti vials with liquid samples.
19) 2) dialog: Healthy female. Clean medical and heredity. The usual. Clive, his mind still in the microscope, is barely listen
19) 4) dialog: One in a million.
20) 2) dialog: What enzyme are you using?
20) 4) dialog: So? Identically colored helixes, through random bouncing chao actively resist bonding with other multicolored molecules Instead, they merge again with their own kind.
21) 2) dialog: That's crazy. We'll make them.
21) 4) dialog: Because "Wired" doesn't interview losers. Clive takes a deep gulp of black coffee.
21) 9) dialog: That's why it's the right time. She paces the room. The techno music hammering into her brain.
21) 10) dialog: This retarded fascist uber-musik is the problem! It's got us thinking in circles. She rips out the CD, leafs briskly through the collection Finds just the right thing. Hits play. 18. The room warms up under the gentle strains of FRANK SINAT crooning COLE PORTER'S, "UNDER MY SKIN". Clive looks up at Elsa. Something about the music is maki her brain switch gears.
21) 13) dialog: Try this. Clive squeezes a few drops into the solution under the microscope.
21) 15) dialog: Why now? Elsa's dancing on her toes.
21) 17) dialog: So... the feed is cut.
21) 19) dialog: (understanding) We blew the whistle!
21) 21) dialog: (excited) They're changing partners! 24 25 26 27
21) 23) dialog: (joyous) You're Bob fucking Fosse! 19. She slings her arms around Clive, spraying him with kisse
22) 0) text: A very tired-looking Clive plugs in the last piece of the massive jigsaw puzzle of adenine, thymine, guanine and cytosine. Elsa kisses the displayed graphic on the screen. The screen flashes:
23) 0) text: Elsa and Clive wheel a Dewar tank, a storage box material, into a walk-in freezer.
24) 0) text: Elsa wheels the Dewar tank down the hall. Clive keep up.
25) 0) text: for genetic Then Elsa and wheels races to Elsa enters, shuts and locks the door. Clive bangs on it from the other side.
25) 6) dialog: This won't be human. Not entirely. She snaps the cartridge into a servo-guided injection nee A monitor flickers to life, displaying an enlarged image a human egg. Its nucleus is hollowed out.
27) 2) dialog: Relax. We won't take it to term. We just need to find out if we can generate a sustainable organism. Then we destroy it. Nobody will ever know.
27) 4) dialog: To be sure we really did it. To know for sure. (beat) Are you telling me you don't need to know? Clive shifts on his feet. She's hitting all the right buttons. Still... he remains in the grip of reason.
27) 6) dialog: Millions of people are suffering and dying with no hope. We might be sitting on the key to save them. What are the moral considerations of that? Clive swallows hard. Her reasoning has trumped his. He follows her gaze to the crimson lit plastic. His mouth tightens.
27) 7) dialog: I know you want to. Clive's hand reaches out... CLICK. He's hit the button. Instantly, the needle is inserted into the egg and the ge material is injected into the empty nucleus. Conception.
27) 9) dialog: Exactly. An extruding platform carries the petri dish into the inu gestation chamber. A view of the egg appears ON SCREEN.
27) 10) dialog: It's not too late to abort. 30 31 22. Clive watches, enraptured as the petri dish dissolves in murky fluid environment, cells replicating at an unnatura high rate, gene markers radiating like twinkling stars. The process is almost mystical.
30) 0) text: Elsa orbits the gestation chamber, recording stats. She calls up an ultrasound feed. The murky image of a sha that in no way approximates a normal fetus appears. It pu rhythmically in its liquid environment: THROB-THROB, THRO THROB, THROB-THROB... THROB... THR...OB... TH.... It STOPS. Elsa's brow creases with worry. She chews nervously on he pen.
30) 1) dialog: Come on. THROB ...THROB-THROB, THROB-THROB, THROB-THROB, the pulse resumes. Elsa sighs with relief. She turns to a calendar and marks off a square: DAY 26.
31) 0) text: A well-appointed REAL ESTATE AGENT walks Clive and Elsa through a very chic and very expensive loft-style apartme
31) 3) dialog: I fucking love it.
31) 5) dialog: You don't sound so enthusiastic. Is it too expensive?
31) 7) dialog: Then what?
31) 9) dialog: Why would we have to move again?
31) 11) dialog: It's twice the size of our apartment. There's more than enough room for all our stuff.
31) 13) dialog: You're talking about a kid, aren't you?
31) 15) dialog: Uh, yeah. Cause I'm the one who has to have it. Jeeze. What's wrong with you? Guys aren't even supposed to want kids.
31) 17) dialog: This is what's wrong. I like this place. I don't want to bend my life to suit a third party that doesn't even exist yet. I want control over my life. You know how important that is for me. Clive is about to respond when his Blackberry begins to c 34 35 36 37 25.
31) 18) dialog: What?
32) 0) text: Clive and Elsa's GTO races to their lab.
33) 0) text: Clive drives like a madman, Elsa riding shotgun.
33) 1) dialog: (worried) Do you think someone found it?
34) 0) text: Clive and Elsa reach the entrance but the door is locked. The security desk is empty, there's no Yuji, just a sign that reads, "Gone for Ramen".
34) 2) dialog: Open the fucking door, please.
35) 0) text: The door opens and Clive and Elsa rush in. At the end of the room, the artificial womb is belching and groaning, f freely gushing from its chrome hull. Clive glances at the monitor: "PREPARING BREACH OF FETAL
35) 3) dialog: Something's wrong. FLOOSH! The machine spews more fluid. Louder GROANING.
35) 5) dialog: It's too soon. Way too soon! Clive and Elsa quickly throw on medical gowns, masks, and gloves. The machine contracts again, a wave of fluid flus out. Nothing else. Elsa checks the ultrasound.
35) 6) dialog: It's... grown. It's too big. The machine emits a METALLIC CREAK.
35) 8) dialog: Come on... come on! (up to her elbow) Slippery. I can't... Elsa finally seems to get a grip when her arm is abruptly yanked deeper into the machine. Her chin bangs against th hull. She lets out a startled yelp.
35) 10) dialog: It's... Biting!
35) 15) dialog: What. What...was that? Clive looks to the creature trapped under the incubator l
36) 0) text: Elsa, arm in a sling, watches as Clive wheels the incubat containing the creature into the containment chamber and seals the door shut. Elsa stands, unsteady. Clive approaches, holds her close.
37) 0) text: The pale light of dawn creeps into the room. Elsa is soun asleep while Clive tosses and turns. Finally, Clive shake Elsa's leg, startling her awake.
37) 2) dialog: Huh? What?
37) 4) dialog: Why would it be in pain?
37) 6) dialog: That doesn't mean it's in pain.
37) 8) dialog: Alright. Maybe.
37) 10) dialog: There's still a lot we can learn. (beat) Find out how close we came. To something sustainable. Clive whips back the sheets, sitting up. He's clearly ups
37) 11) dialog: It's okay... Clive, it's all right. 40 29.
38) 0) text: The Hybrid is trapped inside the incubator, which in turn sealed within the containment chamber. Clive and Elsa sta by the door. They have taken the added precaution of wear full-body hermetic suits with helmets.
38) 2) dialog: Is it dead? Clive reaches a hand into one of the thick rubber gloves built into the side of the pod...
38) 3) dialog: Careful. ...-And gently prods the carcass. Nothing. Dead as dirt.
38) 4) dialog: Well... it's not in pain now.
38) 6) dialog: (to herself) Empty... The realization dawns on her that whatever shed this skin might still be alive. And broken out of the pod. Something skitters noiselessly across the floor behind he
38) 7) dialog: Clive?
38) 11) dialog: 
38) 15) dialog: It's alive! Clive cranes his neck, sees the creature finally, between Elsa and the door, her only way out.
38) 17) dialog: Don't! It'll get out! 31.
38) 22) dialog: Wait... Don't kill it!
38) 25) dialog: (near whisper) It's okay. I won't hurt you.
38) 27) dialog: Clive! I said DON'T! Elsa rips off her helmet.
38) 32) dialog: It's imprinting.
38) 34) dialog: (to Hybrid) I'm not going to hurt you. Elsa waddle/walks closer to the creature. It cocks its he to one side in nervous, flitting bird-like movements. But it no longer seems as frightened.
38) 35) dialog: You're really something, aren't you? Elsa removes the glove from her unharmed hand and gingerl extends it for the Hybrid. The creature gives it a few cautionary sniffs. Elsa's sce seems to meet its approval. It blinks sideways with nictitating eyelids and takes a cautious hop forward. Elsa smiles.
38) 36) dialog: That's it. Suddenly, the creature's face curls into a snarl. It hiss and its tail flails out defensively. Elsa reacts, waddlin backwards, confused until she realizes the creature is actually reacting to...
39) 2) dialog: I had the situation under control.
39) 4) dialog: We can't do that now. Look at it! Clive can't believe what he's hearing.
39) 6) dialog: Let's just knock it out -- Find out what we've got. Elsa turns on a combination of gas valves.
41) 0) text: Clive observes Elsa watching coolly as the creature flutt around the room like a butterfly in a jar, until it final succumbs to the fumes.
43) 0) text: Images from the MRI play out on a computer screen. 34. The Hybrid now lies strapped to a table while Elsa prods its tail. Clive can't suppress his amazement.
43) 2) dialog: Must have been some rogue elements. Junk genes pushing through. Elsa presses a gloved-thumb beneath its tip and a SHARP S protrudes from a hood of skin. It drips with a sticky goo that Elsa smears onto a slide.
43) 3) dialog: Some kind of self-defense mechanism.
43) 5) dialog: None of her animal components have predatory characteristics.
43) 8) dialog: Lungs?
43) 10) dialog: Tumors?
43) 13) dialog: But it did.
43) 15) dialog: So what are you saying? Are you really going to kill it? Clive glances over to the sleeping hybrid, eerily human-l
43) 16) dialog: You think you can do that? Clive's mouth tightens without comment. Elsa pulls him over to the table where her microscope sit She points to the video tap: a microscopic view of rapidl dividing cells.
43) 17) dialog: See that? It must have developed the Ambysotma growth gene.
43) 19) dialog: Days within a matter of minutes. (beat) This thing is going to die soon, anyway. We'll be able to observe its entire life cycle in compressed time. (beat) We'll never have an opportunity like this again. Clive bites his lip. She's playing him perfectly. He glan at the Hybrid.
43) 21) dialog: She's dying. All by herself. 46 36. Clive looks apprehensive, but staring at the creature, he can't quite suppress a powerful fascination.
45) 0) text: The Hybrid is NOW THE SIZE OF A TODDLER and harnessed by three-foot lead to the leg of a floor-bolted workbench. A plastic container has been taped on as a protective cov for her tail stinger. She scratches at it with some irritation. Clive eyes the tail nervously as he attempts to feed her bowl of wet green mush with a turkey-baster. Elsa watches, talking into a hand-held voice recorder.
45) 1) dialog: (into recorder) We've got H-50 on a diet of chlorophyll, roughage, bean curd, and enriched starch. As quickly as Clive tries to jam the baster into the Hybr mouth, she either turns her head or spits the food out.
45) 2) dialog: (into recorder) She seems resistant to feeding, though her rapid growth should generate a proportionate appetite. Clive tries to squeeze a little more goo into the Hybrid' stubborn mouth. He receives a green blob to the forehead for his efforts.
45) 4) dialog: She'll just rip it out. 48 49 38. The Hybrid sniffs the air, sensing something. Suddenly, a leg lashes out at Elsa with a SHOCKINGLY FAST KICK. Both she and Clive recoil. Then they see it: The Hybrid's tiny, hand-like foot has snatched the box of Nerds from E lab coat. She is gobbling the candy like a starved animal Elsa watches amazed, an idea forming.
46) 0) text: Elsa crumbles several nerds between two spoons, then mixe them into the Hybrid's mush. She holds the spoon up to the Hybrid's mouth. This time nostrils flair and she happily wolfs the food down. Clive now commandeers the voice recorder.
48) 0) text: The Hybrid is a little larger than when we last saw her. Elsa gives her a routine physical examination, while spea into her voice recorder. Clive sits quietly in the corner, flipping through the lo books on Fred and Ginger, trying to get up to date. 40.
48) 1) dialog: (into recorder) H-50's physiological anomalies continue to emerge. Swelling in the Latissimus Dorsi and Teris Major and Minor muscles. Elsa notices pronounced bruising and swelling from the ri cage along to the back. Her expression betrays sympathy b her voice remains clinical.
48) 2) dialog: (into recorder) It's possible that aspects of her anatomy may be ill-suited to emerging mutations... Elsa winces at the painfully tender look of the flesh. Wh she prods the bruises, the Hybrid writhes from her touch.
48) 3) dialog: (into recorder) The overall structure could become unstable leading to malignancies and... Elsa can't finish the sentence.
48) 4) dialog: It's too soon to make any assumptions. She clicks off her voice recorder and gathers her papers.
48) 5) dialog: (to Clive) You'll be alright, then? Clive looks up from his work.
48) 7) dialog: Call if there's a problem. -.. and heads for the door. The Hybrid looks alarmed. She hops after Elsa, jerks short when she reaches the end of lead. Then cries out, her alien tones settling into the a too familiar timber of a human baby. Elsa regards her, doing her best to maintain cool composu
48) 8) dialog: I'll be back tomorrow. 51 41. Conflicted, she turns to go. A SICK, TEARING SOUND and a SCREAM. Clive jumps up as Elsa spins around in time to see... The Hybrid's back spasms, muscles twist, flesh stretches grotesquely as if something inside were trying to break o RIIIIP! A slender girlish arm erupts from her side. Bleed and dripping with shreds of skin, it lashes out and grips Elsa's leg with two bony fingers and an opposing thumb.
49) 0) text: Elsa gets behind the wheel and inserts her key into the ignition. But she hesitates before turning it, staring ba at the entrance to the lab. She bites a nail, nervously. Then quickly composes hersel and starts the car, mumbling reassurances to herself.
49) 1) dialog: She'll be alright. It's fine. She'll be fine. Elsa swings out of the parking space. 52 53 42.
52) 0) text: Elsa digs musty boxes out of a hallway closet. She pulls out the one she was looking for. It's labeled "Private... Elly's Stuff" in childish scrawl. She opens it with a mixture of excitement and dread. Insi are an assortment of child's toys: a ratty STUFFED DOG, a MINIATURE BICYCLE, a WOODEN HORSE. One toy in particular draws her attention... a BARBIE DOLL circa 1980. Memories flood. Something else catches her eye. She digs in deeper, finds dog-eared photo. It's a picture of a five year old Elsa a her Mother standing by the family farm - a stern woman wi an arm protectively wrapped around her daughter, her long dark hair sports Elsa's single streak of white. Elsa regards it for a long moment. But rather than trigge fond memories, the photo only seems to inspire melancholy
53) 0) text: A NEW DAY: Elsa checks the bandages at the extraction poi where the Hybrid's arms erupted from her back. The creature seems beguiled by these new aspects of her b She waves and flexes them with delighted bird-like CHORTL She reaches out tentatively, stroking Elsa's curls.
53) 1) dialog: You like that? You like hair? (suddenly remembering) Oh, hey, I found some things for you. Elsa pulls out her box of toys and sets it down between t Hybrid's legs.
53) 2) dialog: See anything else you like? 56
53) 4) dialog: (in a breathy Barbie voice) Hi there. I'm Barbie. I like cute guys, fast cars and funny little creatures like you. Elsa slowly lets go of the Hybrid's hand, pleased to see grip the doll on her own.
53) 5) dialog: She was my secret friend. I wasn't allowed to have her, so I had to keep her hidden. (beat) Just like you. The Hybrid turns it around clumsily, studying it from all angles. She strokes the hair, completely entranced.
53) 6) dialog: That's right. She has hair too. Elsa watches wistfully. There's something a little sad ab this bald creature so fascinated by hair. The Hybrid's he begins to bob with fatigue, eyes drooping. She leans her forehead on Elsa's shoulder.
53) 7) dialog: You're tired. That's all right. We'll play later. The hybrid nuzzles deeper into Elsa's shoulder. At first little nervous, Elsa gathers the creature into her lap an cradles her. The Hybrid instantly begins to relax. And Elsa finds herself rocking her and humming, softly. If we listen closely the we might recognize the melody as "Unde My Skin". The creature's eyelids droop, her neck relaxes. Within moments, she is breathing deeply -- asleep.
54) 0) text: Unseen by Elsa, Clive watches through the one-way mirror, her HUMMING broadcast over the intercom. He is clearly troubled by this tableau. 45.
55) 0) text: In a private corner, Elsa wolfs down NERDS and talks rapi riding a sugar-fueled high. Clive listens. His face betra concern.
55) 1) dialog: I think it's a form of hypometamorphosis. Her tissue liquefies and reforms. That's why we can't track it with MRI or x-rays. At this point, there's no telling what she might become. And it's not just her body. Her intelligence is developing fast. She figures things out.
55) 3) dialog: She's not just a collection of instincts. She thinks.
55) 6) dialog: You're wrong. She just needs time. Clive watches Elsa carefully, measuring her up.
55) 8) dialog: What?
56) 0) text: Clive and Elsa share a booth at the same club where Clive was ‘shot'. The air prickles with its usual high-energy throb. Elsa sips from a glass of wine, looking restless. 59 46. Clive taps the BREAKNECK BEAT with his fingernails on the table, grooving to the psychedelic mayhem.
56) 2) dialog: No. Thanks. I don't feel like it. Clive barrels past his disappointment. He reaches into hi pocket and produces Elsa's dropper-vial of liquid excitem
56) 4) dialog: I'm having fun. But you go ahead. Go for it. Clive's determination is losing steam. He pockets the via
56) 7) dialog: I want to go. I want to go back. (beat) She shouldn't be left alone.
57) 0) text: Elsa has let the Hybrid out of containment. She is now ab the size of a FIVE YEAR OLD CHILD, with fully developed, spindly arms. There are a few emerging stands of hair, wh only emphasize her baldness. Sitting cross-legged on the floor, Elsa watches with deli as the Hybrid successfully places A SPOON onto a piece of paper with a drawn outline of a spoon.
57) 1) dialog: That's right. Spoon. (beat) Now "Dog". Do the dog! 47. The Hybrid quickly picks up the tiny STUFFED DOG and plac it onto a sheet of paper with a crudely drawn dog. Elsa claps her hands delighted.
57) 2) dialog: That's it! Dog! It's getting too easy for you, isn't it? The Hybrid cocks her head expectantly. Elsa spills severa Nerds into the creature's hand, which she quickly scarfs.
57) 3) dialog: You could do this all day. Elsa scuffles over to the table and pulls down a large bo
57) 4) dialog: Let's try something different. She pulls a Deluxe-Edition Scrabble game from its box and places the board between them. It's the kind with a lazy- Susan base, and raised ridges to line up the letters. Elsa spills the bag of letters onto the floor and quickly rummages for the tiles she wants. She arranges the letter P-E-N onto the board then pivots it so the word appears upright to the Hybrid. She holds up a PEN, then points to the letters.
57) 5) dialog: P-E-N! That says PEN. PEN! She puts down the pen and points to the word.
57) 6) dialog: What's that? Show me. Show me the pen. The Hybrid just stares at her blankly. Elsa arranges the letters of her own name, E-L-S-A.
57) 7) dialog: That's ELSA. Me. (tapping her chest) I'm Elsa. Elsa. The Hybrid's face is a blank slate of incomprehension. El points back to the first word, and holds up the ballpoint
57) 8) dialog: PEN! This is a PEN. (tapping her chest) ELSA. I'm Elsa. Pen... Elsa. 48. Elsa searches the Hybrid's face, desperate to detect the slightest sign of association. Nothing. Elsa notices the Hybrid's gaze is fixated on the box of N in her breast pocket. She spills a couple into her palm - incentive. The Hybrid's eyes dart, her mouth opens slight Holding the Nerds hostage in her palm, Elsa points again the word: PEN.
57) 9) dialog: What's that? PEN. (beat) Where's the pen? Still nothing. Not a glimmer. Elsa pops the Nerds into he own mouth with a sigh, then tips the board, spilling the letters to the floor. She sees palpable disappointment in the Hybrid's eyes -- reacting to the lost reward. Elsa gets another idea. She rifles through the tiles, plucking up five letters to spell the word: N-E-R-D-S. She rotates the board, then holds up the box of candy whe the same letters are clearly marked on the label: NERDS. The Hybrid's eyes flit quickly from the Nerds to the Scra board, then back to the Nerds. Elsa smiles. Something's starting to click.
57) 10) dialog: Nerds... C'mon. You know what Nerds are. The Hybrid reaches out a spindly hand to touch the tiles, her eyes skipping to the actual package of candy.
57) 11) dialog: That's right. They're the same.
57) 13) dialog: You did it! You made a connection! Good girl! Elsa spills some real Nerds onto the game board and the H quickly gobbles them up. The door opens behind Elsa. She spins quickly to greet Clive. The Hybrid cowers at his arrival. 49.
57) 14) dialog: She did it!
57) 16) dialog: She can associate!
57) 18) dialog: What's the problem?
57) 20) dialog: Don't call her that.
57) 22) dialog: DREN. Her name is Dren. DREN, the Hybrid, scuttles into the corner. Clive is sudd furious.
57) 24) dialog: I'm compiling a developmental profile. She needs more stimulation than that room.
57) 26) dialog: Alright, so we'll move her. We'll put her in the storage room downstairs. Nobody goes down there.
57) 28) dialog: When the hell did you get so fucking scared of everything! Something triggers in Clive. He takes three furious steps into Elsa's face. Yelling now. Loudly.
57) 32) dialog: 
57) 34) dialog: (cool, in command) Go to your place. Dren eyes Clive once more before obediently skulking back into her corner. Clive sits up, breathing heavily, still little afraid.
57) 35) dialog: It's okay. She won't hurt you. She helps Clive up.
57) 36) dialog: I know we have a situation. But we just have to deal with it.
57) 38) dialog: Don't be melodramatic. Let's just solve this.
58) 0) text: Elsa and Clive wheel the cart with equipment on top. A bo labelled, Sequence Driver, rests beneath. The top shifts. Dren's eyes peer out. Elsa pushes her gently back down.
58) 1) dialog: Stay inside, Dren. Clive nervously glances around the corner. Coast is clear
58) 3) dialog: Scared. It's all right. They truck the cart around the corner and manage to get t the freight elevator undetected. Elsa hits the down butto The elevator rises up from the basement at a snail's pace Finally the doors open, revealing... Dexter, who looks startled to see them.
58) 5) dialog: Hey, Dex. Dexter's eyes land on the EEG machine on top of the cart with a variety of other devices.
58) 16) dialog: What can we do for you, Bill? Barlow quickly loses interest in the equipment.
58) 18) dialog: Shareholders? 53.
59) 0) text: Elsa and Clive roll the cart quickly up to the door of th storage room.
59) 1) dialog: God, I hate that guy.
59) 3) dialog: Because he loves them. Elsa quickly keys open the door and pushes the cart insid
60) 2) dialog: Nobody's going to care about a few rules. After they see what we've made... 63 55.
60) 4) dialog: Once they see Ginger and Fred, don't you think the world's going to want to know what's next? She holds Dren's face next to her own, as though this wer all she needed to make her case to the world.
60) 5) dialog: Do you think they can look at this face... And see anything less than a miracle? Clive's jaw hangs open, stunned at Elsa's naivete. And as if on cue, Dren pukes on Elsa's shoulder, then bur her head miserably in Elsa's chest.
60) 6) dialog: Oh... oh no. Oh Sweetie, you're sick. Clive shakes his head, astounded. The whole thing is gett to be too much. Elsa puts her wrist to Dren's forehead.
60) 7) dialog: Clive, she's really hot.
62) 0) text: It's night now, Clive has accomplished a lot with the roo piling all the unwanted boxes to one side. He finishes mopping the floor while Elsa dotes over sick Dren. She pu a thermometer from Dren's mouth and studies it.
62) 1) dialog: One hundred and five. This is serious. 57.
62) 3) dialog: (frantic) I know. We have to do something!
62) 5) dialog: We have to take her somewhere.
62) 7) dialog: (almost crying)
62) 10) dialog: How? Fuck! HOW?! Clive turns to the industrial sink and runs the faucet.
62) 12) dialog: Cold bath!
62) 15) dialog: Hurry. With her legs folded under her, Clive and Elsa manage to squeeze Dren into the sink sideways. 58. She squirms slightly at the shock of cold water, but hasn the strength to resist.
62) 16) dialog: It's okay, honey. It's okay. Dren's breathing is getting even more shallow. Elsa tries to hold her head up to facilitate the flow of oxygen. It' no good.
62) 17) dialog: She can't breath. Her passages are closing! Do something!
62) 19) dialog: 
62) 22) dialog: With what?
62) 24) dialog: There's no time. Clive gives Elsa a lost, defeated look... like this was inevitable. He shakes his head. Frustration rising. Suddenly, he grabs Dren by the head and pushes her face u water. Elsa SCREAMS.
62) 25) dialog: Clive! Stop it! She pulls at his arms. Smashes at his shoulder. Dren, wit the little strength she has left, squirms for her life.
62) 27) dialog: You're killing her! Let her go! (shrieking)
62) 29) dialog: She's breathing! DREN has by-passed her clogged mouth and nose and is brea through gills which have emerged under her jaw-line. Cliv relaxes his arms. Dren has ceased struggling. He simply holds her gently under the surface.
62) 32) dialog: You saved her. My God! (ecstatic) How did you know? Clive responds with an awkward shrug.
62) 33) dialog: You did know, right? There's a moment. Just the slightest instant of hesitatio
63) 1) dialog: In the first three months since her birth, Dren, the world's first human- animal chimera, has far outstripped our expectations. Clive enters the FRAME with a cake. At first, Dren shrink from the three flickering birthday candles. But with Cliv instruction, she quickly learns to blow them out. She fla a gap-toothed smile.
63) 2) dialog: While genetically she follows the same template as our H-40 hybrids, the added human element appears to be taking a dominant role. Dren now looks to be perhaps ELEVEN, and increasingly gir like. Hair is beginning to thicken. The seam-like scar down her face and body is less prominent. Elsa conducts Dren, who sways and whistles in odd tones a to a Big Band rendition of "Under My Skin" while THE VIDE CAMERA MOVES AROUND HER BODY. Clive lifts her arms for a closer view. There is a strange muscle system running und them and joining to the skin of her back.
63) 5) dialog: Intelligence and communication skills continue to improve. Still, her mind remains her greatest mystery. Dren sinks below the surface disappearing from the CAMERA VIEW.
64) 0) text: Clive puts down the camcorder as Elsa dims the light near Dren, who is tucking under the covers, post-bath. Elsa begins to step away, when Dren bolts upright, her ar reaching out, clearly agitated.
64) 1) dialog: What's wrong? What is it, honey? Dren quickly shuffles through her collection of scrabble tiles on the night table. She begins to arrange letters: K - I- S... Elsa nearly melts.
64) 2) dialog: Oh! I'm sorry, Dren. I forgot. She leans over and gives Dren a kiss on each cheek and on on the forehead. The Hybrid's tension instantly vaporizes In another instant, she's asleep, her face at peace. Elsa draws a curtain suspended from the ceiling and turns Clive with a whisper.
64) 3) dialog: She's had a big day. Together they collapse onto the cushions of an old couch. Elsa looks exhausted. With her skirt well up above her kn Clive finds himself admiring her legs.
64) 5) dialog: Oh, God. I didn't even notice. (beat) Is that what happens?
64) 7) dialog: When they work too hard? That wasn't quite what Clive meant, but he nods anyway.
64) 9) dialog: What, here?
64) 12) dialog: What's the worst that could happen? Clive is about to put a stop to their passion when someth catches his eye. A shimmer. He pushes Elsa's hair out of his face. He sees her. Dren. Peering through the curtains. Her excited breathing gives her away. Oblivious, Elsa continu to ride him, her arousal building. The moment is surreal. Clive continues to watch Dren watching. He says nothing. Sexual momentum builds. Strangeness.
65) 0) text: Clive is GRINNING WIDELY, his eyes alight with the excite of the evening. 68 63. He and Elsa, formally dressed, hold hands, walking ceremoniously up the stairs to a large CONVENTION CENTER site of the annual Novaphorm shareholder's meeting. A large banner sports Novaphorm's logo and the slogan: "DESIGNING A BETTER TODAY".
66) 0) text: Joan stands at a podium addressing an auditorium packed t the rafters with investors. We realize now that her speec is not about Elsa and Clive after all... but about Ginger and Fred, who are on stage in clear, plexi-glass cages.
66) 4) dialog: And that's all very exciting for everyone at Novaphorm. (beat) But let's be honest. What's exciting for you people here tonight, is seeing these two creatures. Alive! In the flesh! PERFECTLY ON CUE, the cages align. The walls separating them sink away. Ginger and Fred are free to mingle in a single double-sized cage. As each steps forward, a little disoriented by the bright lights, there is a COMMUNAL GASP from the audience.
66) 5) dialog: They are state of the art designer organisms! Ginger and Fred approach each other, sniffing and aroused like they have a hundred times before. Their mutual excitement is so focused, they become oblivious to their surroundings.
66) 6) dialog: Man's newest and best friend... The audience, getting their first clear view of the Hybri in motion, are awed and silent. A video projector splashe live close-ups on the wall behind them.
66) 7) dialog: ...-Here to point the way to a better... The Hybrids' approach includes the usual PURRING RUMBLE. Then, an agitated raising of hackles. Ginger's mouth open a string of drool dropping to the floor.
66) 8) dialog: ...Today! Ginger GROWLS. Clive suddenly looks worried. He glances t Elsa, who shakes her head, confused just as... 69 65. GINGER LEAPS ON FRED! The two of them fly into a vicious fight! Joan staggers back from the cage. Barlow runs on- stage from the wings. The Hybrids are locked in a SNARLING, SCREECHING battle t the death. THEY TEAR AT EACH OTHER WITH TEETH AND CLAWS LIKE RABID DOGS. Blood and bits of flesh splatter the gla Dexter and several lab techs rush to help but are powerle to stop the carnage. The savage fight continues until the hybrids are hidden from view behind bloody glass. A breathless moment of quiet. THE SOUNDS RESUME full force as the cages buckle and then shatter. The frenzied and mangled forms of Ginger and Fre tumble out. They roll across the stage, then fall off int the audience! SCREAMS and PANDEMONIUM. Melinda and The Photographer lea to their feet, just in time to catch a splash of blood ac their faces and the camera lens. Within moments, Ginger, then Fred, collapse into puddles blood and torn flesh. Clive, Elsa, Dexter and Barlow, all stand speechless befo the mound of gore that was their scientific triumph. The entire spectacle is projected in grotesque detail on a tw foot screen behind them. Joan stares hypnotically at the video enlargement of Ging oozing innards.
67) 0) text: There is a deathly silence in the room as Joan, Barlow, C and Elsa face-off around an oversized conference table. What is clear is that the Hybrid has hit the fan. Elsa's white blouse is spattered with blood. Joan has made a poi of removing her shoes. Clive's dress pants are stained fr the cuffs to the knees. Eventually, Barlow feels compelled to pipe up.
67) 3) dialog: They've never exhibited aggression in the past... 66.
67) 7) dialog: Hormonal changes.
67) 9) dialog: She turned into a male. Joan and Barlow looks stunned.
67) 13) dialog: We can recreate them. There's no reason not to start over. Joan slams the desk, furious.
67) 19) dialog: Synthesizing the protein hasn't been as easy as we'd hoped.
67) 22) dialog: (outraged) This is our project. We can handle it.
69) 0) text: Clive, Elsa, and Dexter confer in the storage room. Clive nervously paces back and forth, while Elsa sits in the co with Dren, keeping her calm in the presence of this newco Dexter can't help staring at Dren's strangeness.
69) 8) dialog: I know a place. 72 73 69.
69) 10) dialog: (numb ) I know a place we can take her.
70) 0) text: Clive and Elsa stand on the platform of the loading dock Dexter slowly backs a VAN towards them, leaning out the d side window. We can see from beyond the garage door that it's late night outside. Elsa holds a protective arm around Dren. Clive steadies t rolling cart, loaded with equipment and supplies, at the edge of the platform,
70) 2) dialog: You knew I grew up on a farm.
70) 4) dialog: It's not my farm. It was hers.
70) 6) dialog: So's the farm.
71) 0) text: Clive and Elsa drive past the city limits. In the back, seen between their bucket seats, is Dren, peering out nervously from under a blanket.
71) 1) dialog: I swore I'd never go back. Clive glances over at Elsa, slowly putting the pieces together.
71) 3) dialog: My mother had... problems. After my father died, I became her everything.
71) 5) dialog: One time I made her a birthday card. I forgot to write, "I love you." For that, she locked me in my room for a week. Without food or water. Clive glances over, horrified, seeing Elsa in a new light Her quirks suddenly taking on new significance.
71) 7) dialog: I just wanted to forget about it. Dren presses herself against the side of Elsa's car seat. Elsa rubs Dren's hand where it grips the upholstery.
71) 8) dialog: When I finally left, she refused to touch my room. She said I'd come back one day. (beat) I guess she was right.
72) 0) text: A clapboard farmhouse rests some twenty yards from stable and a Quonset hut of corrugated iron -- A PASTEURIZATION BARN. They are isolated and ominous against the night sky The van backs up to the Barn casting it in the amber glow tail lights. Clive gets out and unlocks a large sliding door. Its mouth gapes open, the interior too dark to see inside. Elsa comes around to the rear of the van and opens the ba Dren cowers within. Elsa holds out her arms but Dren scut deeper inside.
72) 1) dialog: It's okay, honey. Nothing to be afraid of. Elsa climbs into the van and takes Dren by the hand. 75 71.
72) 2) dialog: Come on. This is your new home. Elsa is able to lead Dren by the wrist despite her fright resistance. She drops to the ground and pulls Dren out, hands under her armpits. Dren's eyes widen with surprise at the moist cushy sensat of grass and earth. Clive and Elsa each take a firm grip on Dren's arms and w her towards the barn. Dren's behavior begins to change. Her eyes squint to pluc a million sights from the moonlit night: trees, grass, st She arches her back so that her nostrils can sort through dazzling array of smells. Her ears tune into exotic sound Curiosity and excitement rapidly eclipse her fear. Suddenly, Dren wrenches herself from Clive and Elsa's clutches. Spinning out of their grip, she takes off into the night.
72) 3) dialog: Dren! Within moments, she has disappeared across the field and into the abutting forest. Clive and Elsa just stare after her, shocked at the force her escape.
73) 0) text: Cries of "Dren" fill the night air as Clive and Elsa wade through undergrowth and thick brush with flashlights.
73) 2) dialog: Don't panic. She won't leave us.
73) 4) dialog: She won't go far. We'll find her. They hear a RUSTLING up ahead. Elsa gestures for Clive to hush as she pushes through to a small clearing. And there is Dren, clearly recognizable from behind, lit hazy moonlight. Her hunched body is shuddering, perhaps crying. Elsa aims the flashlight at her. 76 72.
73) 5) dialog: Dren! Dren, honey? Dren spins her whole body around. She hasn't been crying she's been eating. The carcass of a dead raccoon is torn open in her hands. Her mouth and chin are covered in bloo Elsa gasps. Dren's eyes are alight, her crimson mouth cro into a satisfied grin. A “look-what-I-found" childish innocence.
73) 6) dialog: Oh... Dren.
74) 0) text: Elsa locks the door from the inside and loops the key cha over her head like a necklace. She turns to Dren, who is hyper, panting and flitting her attention around her new surroundings.
74) 1) dialog: Dren... listen to me. You must never, never run off like that again! Dren locks eyes with Elsa, her panting suddenly stopping.
74) 2) dialog: That was bad. You understand? Bad Dren! Dren reacts to Elsa's harsh tone. Her brow furrows, lip curls into a hurt expression. Elsa notices Clive watching her, a little surprised at her severity. Elsa draws Dren close to her, holds her tight.
74) 3) dialog: I'm sorry, honey. I'm not mad at you. I was just worried.
74) 6) dialog: Honey, please. Dren tears away from Elsa.
74) 7) dialog: Dren! She skitters across the floor and up Clive's step ladder, almost knocking him down. She propels herself, bloody hos gown and all, into the half-filled tank of water. She cur up in a submerged sulk. The little hair she has floats li sea-grass. Clive steps down from the ladder and pulls Elsa close.
74) 8) dialog: Why is she acting like this?
75) 0) text: Clive and Elsa tip-toe away from Dren, sleeping soundly u a blanket on an inflated mattress. They carefully shut the door, locking Dren inside the Bar
76) 0) text: It has the dark, foreboding quality of any building that hasn't been entered in years. They reach the front porch. Holding a FLASHLIGHT with one hand, Clive unlocks the doo with the other. Elsa braces herself.
76) 2) dialog: Yeah. Of course. It's just a house. She shoves open the door with a LOUD CREAK - like a mothe scream.
78) 0) text: The door to Elsa's old bedroom swings open. Clive peers i at a room devoid of any furnishings or decor. A single tw mattress sits alone in the middle of the floor. Elsa hides a shudder.
78) 2) dialog: She did.
82) 0) text: A small family graveyard behind the farmhouse. Elsa stand over a HEADSTONE engraved with: HENDRIKA KAST 1948 - 1996 We can read nothing in her face. Not hate nor love, remor nor resentment. She just stares at the grave, as if to ve beyond any doubt that the woman remains dead.
84) 0) text: Two vehicles pull up in front of the farmhouse. Clive sli down from the driver's side of the van. Elsa issues from their vintage hotrod. Together they unload boxes of equipment and supplies from the back of the van.
85) 0) text: Elsa, Clive and Dren sit at a small folding table. Elsa h trouble getting Dren to eat. Impatiently, she pushes a bo of green muck towards Dren. Dren shoves it back.
85) 1) dialog: Honey, please. Not today. Eat your dinner. Elsa scoops a spoonful of gruel to Dren's mouth, but she turns her head. Clive looks up from some notes.
85) 3) dialog: (snapping) She doesn't eat meat.
85) 5) dialog: That was just... an accident. (to Dren) C'mon honey. Eat your food, you know you're hungry. Dren refuses. 77.
85) 6) dialog: What is it? What's the matter? Dren snatches the bag of scrabble tiles from the bench be her. She frantically sifts through the letters, tossing t ones she needs onto the table randomly: a T, then a D, an an I. Having identified the letters she wants, Dren quickly arr them into a word. T-E-D-I-O-U-S.
85) 7) dialog: 
85) 10) dialog: She's telling us she's bored. (to Dren) Why are you bored, honey? Do you want to play a game or something? Frustrated, without bothering to seek out more tiles, she rearranges the letters to spell a new word: O-U-T-S-I-D-E Elsa stares down at the anagram with amazement.
85) 11) dialog: Oh, Dren. (sadly apologetic) No, I know. But you can't go outside. I'm sorry. You just can't. In a sudden fit of anger, Dren shoves herself backwards, knocking over the table, food, letters, everything.
85) 12) dialog: Dren. Come back here! Dren tears across the room.
85) 13) dialog: Come back here, right now! Elsa rushes over, grabs Dren by the neck and arm.
85) 14) dialog: I said COME HERE! Physically, Dren is now Elsa's equal, but the Hybrid succ as Elsa pulls her back to the table. Clive rights the furniture and Elsa shoves Dren back into her chair. 88 89 78.
85) 16) dialog: You saw what she did! Clive takes Elsa by the shoulders, trying to calm her dow
85) 18) dialog: I just... She's getting so hard to control.
85) 20) dialog: Dren. Stop that! Dren swings along pipes and support beams and deliberatel kicks out panes of glass from the skylight. SMASH! Shards rain down. Clive and Elsa stumble back to avoid them. Dren catapults herself through the skylight and disappear onto the roof.
86) 0) text: Clive scrambles up a slender ladder along the back of the arched building. Elsa follows, a few rungs behind.
87) 0) text: The roof has a narrow path along the center of its arch. One wrong step and it's a slippery slide down to a thirty foot drop. Clive and Elsa climb breathlessly up to see Dren at the f side of the skylight, back arched, eyes wide, once again bedazzled by the breadth of open space. 79. Elsa and Clive slowly shuffle across the roof towards her
87) 1) dialog: Dren. Sweetie. Come inside, okay? Dren snaps her attention to the approaching couple. She takes a corresponding number of backward steps.
87) 2) dialog: Be careful, honey. We just want you to stay with us. Where you're safe. They ease past the broken windows of the skylight. Dren continues to back away, determined not to be contained.
87) 4) dialog: 
87) 6) dialog: No! Dren overcompensates and is about to fall backwards when. A_cascade of feathers bursts through the skin under her a Magnificent wings with shimmering translucent plumage. The wings instinctively flap, lifting her body just enoug to regain her balance. She releases a triumphant SHRIEK a lets the wings relax and settle at her sides. Shreds of dry, leathery skin flake away in the breeze. With the emergence of the wings, the lumpen, misshapen ma of her back has transformed itself. Her body is now lean, streamlined, elegant and complete. Clive and Elsa observe her speechlessly. Their ugly duckl has become a swan. Dren unfurls her wings proudly, turns to face the forest with its world of sensation and mystery. She crouches as though prepared to launch into flight.
88) 0) text: The skylight has been boarded shut. The last bit of natur light is cut off. Two sizable steaks are dropped onto an electric grill. Th explode with a LOUD SIZZLE. Clive is cooking. Elsa is examining the latest miracle of Dren's physiology.
88) 2) dialog: You shouldn't be rewarding her for escaping.
88) 5) dialog: Don't be ridiculous, she'd need chest muscles like a quarterback. (MORE )
88) 7) dialog: (indicating the wings) I think they're more... decorative than anything else. Elsa regards Dren wistfully. Like she's lost her baby gir to this new species of young woman.
89) 0) text: Next morning. Elsa types notes into her laptop. While eat cereal, Clive studies one of Dren's new feathers, utterly fascinated. He rubs the feather in one direction against the cereal b Its translucent hair-like threads gently give way.
89) 2) dialog: And dangerous. (beat) You have to stop contradicting me in front of Dren.
89) 4) dialog: If I say one thing, you can't always be saying, "no, it's okay", or "she doesn't like that".
89) 6) dialog: Just don't make me the bitch, okay. (back to her work) I'm not the bad guy.
89) 9) dialog: Go ahead. 92 93 82.
89) 11) dialog: I'm not wasting my time on Barlow's lost cause. (beat) I'm staying here with Dren. Clive scoops up his duffel bag and heads for the door.
92) 0) text: Elsa enters the barn and gently approaches Dren, holding a hair-brush as though it were a new toy. Dren looks at i curious, but remains distant and cool.
92) 1) dialog: Guess what we're going to do? Elsa gently brushes Dren's hair which has recently grown quite long and full. Dren, watches herself in the cracked mirror, fascinated, but reluctant to exhibit pleasure.
92) 2) dialog: See how pretty you've become? Look how long it is now. (beat) You're going to have to learn how to be a grownup. Elsa puts down the brush and opens the small drawer in th table to retrieve an elastic band. She notices several mottled sheets of paper under a stack of blank sheets, as though deliberately stashed away.
92) 3) dialog: What are these? Dren goes rigid. Elsa pulls out a series of slightly crum drawings made with colored pencils. They are crude, rudimentary attempts at a face, but as she flips through them, they exhibit a clear progression of ability. 85.
92) 4) dialog: Did you do these? These are wonderful! As she gets towards the bottom of the stack and the sketc become increasingly complex, it is obvious that all of th are of Clive.
92) 5) dialog: (hiding disappointment) They're really good, Dren. Are there any of me? Dren remains frozen, her eyes locked on her own reflectio If her odd hybrid features could express embarrassment, t might be it. Elsa's hand scrambles into the drawer, pulling out some f paper and a handful of colored pencils.
92) 6) dialog: Show me? Show me how you draw. Elsa tilts one of the mirrors so that Dren can get a good look at her face.
92) 7) dialog: Will you do one of me? (beat) Please? Dren unfreezes and abruptly grabs up all the pictures of Clive. She bolts with them to her hiding place. Elsa sighs, then strides sternly across the room.
92) 8) dialog: It's just the two of us, young lady. You're going to have to learn who's boss. Elsa pulls aside the plastic sheet and discovers Dren cro inside, cradling the cat in her arms, stroking it obsessi
92) 9) dialog: Dren. What's that? Where did you get that? Dren shimmies deeper into her hiding spot.
92) 10) dialog: Give it to me. Elsa's hand snatches out and grabs the cat by the scruff the neck, yanking it away. Dren YELPS. 95 96 97 98 99 86.
92) 11) dialog: I'm sorry, Dren. We can't keep it. (beat) We can't take a chance. It could make you sick. Dren is horrified. She reaches out for her beloved cat, b Elsa coldly stands up and steps back, suddenly the stern matron.
92) 12) dialog: You can't always have what you want. That's a part of growing up too. Elsa heads for the door. Dren's knees curl up under her arms. Her eyes squint with rage.
93) 0) text: Elsa enters the farmhouse with the cat, places it on the floor. It MEOWS needily. She goes to the fridge, pours so milk into a saucer and lays it next to the cat, who hungr laps it up. Elsa sees a portrait of her mother on the wall. Her face stern and joyless, the trademark swatch of white hair tra down her left cheek. Something like regret plays across Elsa's face.
96) 0) text: The door opens a crack. Clive pokes his head inside. Elsa is fast asleep, curled up child-like on the tiny mattress Clive gently pulls a blanket over her, then quietly leave the room, shutting the door behind him.
98) 0) text: Elsa emerges from her childhood bedroom, rubbing her eyes Clive is already dressed for work, sipping coffee at the table, looking angry.
98) 1) dialog: I thought I was taking a quick nap. I must have... I slept like a rock.
98) 3) dialog: What?
98) 6) dialog: Of course it was. It still is.
98) 8) dialog: What's that supposed to mean?
98) 10) dialog: I didn't lie. I didn't say who's DNA, did I?
98) 12) dialog: Exactly. Why not me? Clive bolts out of his chair, heading for the door.
99) 0) text: Elsa sits depressed at the table, her face tight with frustration and anger. She feels like complete wreckage. Dren is mad at her. Clive's mad at her. She hasn't been t work. Everything's falling apart. Something brushes past her leg and she looks down. It's t cat, rubbing affectionately against her. Elsa's face sudd softens. She picks put the cat and strokes it, relieved that someone, anyone, isn't hating her. 102 90.
100) 0) text: Elsa enters the barn, locking the door behind her with th key she wears around her neck. She carries a cardboard bo under one arm.
100) 1) dialog: Dren, c'mere honey. I have something for you. Dren emerges from her private hiding space, cautious but curious. Elsa sits cross-legged on the floor, patting a spot in front of her for Dren to sit. Dren sullenly compl
100) 2) dialog: Can't you smile for me? Dren lifts her head, expressionless eyes on Elsa, eager t demonstrate that she doesn't merit a smile.
100) 3) dialog: You know I love you, don't you? Elsa gives her a warm, loving smile. Dren maintains her cold stare, not giving an inch. Elsa gives her words extr emphasis, determined that Dren understand:
100) 4) dialog: You're a part of me. And I'ma part of you... I'm inside you. (beat) I'll always be here for you. Always. Elsa opens the box and presents the cat. Dren's face grow instantly alert. She glances at Elsa slightly mistrusting
100) 5) dialog: There you go. You can keep her. Why not? It's nice to have a pet. Elsa gently places the cat on the floor. It approaches Dr rubbing against her leg. Dren cocks her head. Her tail suddenly lashes out -- its deadly stinger jabbin the cat in the skull. It drops dead instantly.
100) 6) dialog: (horrified) My God! Oh, my God? Dren!!! Dren finally gives her the smile she wanted. Elsa lashes out, slapping her hard across the face. Elsa brings both hands up to her own mouth, shocked at wh Dren has provoked. 103 91. In the same instant, Dren lunges forward, pouncing on her knocking her down. A clawed foot grabs the key from aroun Elsa's neck and rips it off. The spiked tail hovers close to her face. There's a moment between them where it seems that Dren mi actually sting her. Elsa's eyes register real fear. The power balance has tipped. Then Dren pushes Elsa backwards, sending her sprawling ac the floor and makes a break for the front door. She awkwa works the key into the lock. CLICK. It opens. With a SQUAWK, Dren pulls off the lock and opens the door Inviting sunlight washes over her as... WHAP! Something has struck the back of Dren's head. She drops. Elsa stands, panting over her, a rusted milk can in her h
101) 0) text: Dren wakes to find her arms, legs and tail secured to an examination table. Elsa stands over her, a scalpel in hand, her face utterly devoid of emotion. She speaks in a detached, clinical man into a tape recorder.
101) 1) dialog: (into tape recorder) Physically H-50 has evolved well. However, recent violent behavior suggest dangerous psychological developments. She brings the knife up to Dren's scalp. Dren CRIES OUT, fights against her restraints. For a moment, we might thi that Elsa is about to perform brain surgery.
101) 2) dialog: Erratic behavior may be caused by a disproportionate species identification. Cosmetically "human" affectations should be eliminated wherever possible. Elsa clicks off the recorder and takes a handful of Dren' hair. She painfully hacks it off with the scalpel. In thi way, Elsa shears Dren's beautiful mane until she is left with a patchy shorn mess. Dren MEWS in anguish at this humiliation. Then, with growing terror, Dren watches as Elsa moves to opposite end of the table, where a small tray of surgical instruments waits. Elsa CLICKS the recorder back on. 104 105 92.
101) 3) dialog: Due to her unstable condition, it has become necessary to remove her zootoxin glands and stinger. Elsa snaps off the recorder, sets it down by the tray. Sh hazards a glance at Dren. Her creation watches her, wide- eyed with terror. Elsa brakes the gaze, pulls up a surgical mask and jabs a hypodermic needle into Dren's tail. With frigid disregard she selects a slender bone-saw from the tray and begins h work. Dren lets out a SAVAGELY SHRILL SCREAM.
103) 0) text: Clive lets himself in and is confronted with the horrific aftermath of an improvised surgery. Dren is strapped semi conscious to the table. Elsa is bandaging the stump of he tail. Long locks of hair litter the floor near a puddle o congealing blood. Dren cranes her neck and cries out to Clive, her fingers flexing and clawing under the straps.
103) 2) dialog: What I had to. Clive sees an eight-inch segment of tail laying in the si
103) 4) dialog: She's become unstable. She killed a cat. She almost killed me.
103) 6) dialog: Are you any closer to finding the protein?
103) 8) dialog: You haven't because you're working with tissue that's been dead too long. Clive catches her meaning.
103) 10) dialog: Of course she does. She has everything Ginger and Fred had. And more. Elsa moves for the door.
103) 12) dialog: I'm going to solve this thing! I'm going to put things right. She makes her exit. Within moments, Clive can hear the en of their car start. He rushes over to Dren, unties her.
104) 0) text: Clive shovels dirt out of a hole about the size of a larg shoe box. A few feet away is the tombstone of Elsa's moth He gently lowers a small package wrapped in paper towel i the hole. A breeze blows aside the paper and we see that it's the cat. 107 108 109
105) 0) text: Dark and empty but for a light on at a single work statio Elsa is working hard through the night. The cooler is at her feet. A pot of coffee smolders near the microscope. There's a desperate urgency to her work, but an unstoppab determination in her eyes. She's going to do it.
107) 0) text: Elsa gathers her things into her knapsack, in higher spir than we've seen in a while. As she moves to the door, it swings open. She lets out a startled gasp. It's Barlow.
107) 1) dialog: Bill, you're early.
107) 5) dialog: Making up for lost time.
107) 7) dialog: I don't think so. Barlow explodes.
107) 9) dialog: The protein's been synthesized. Barlow is rendered speechless. She pushes past him and he for the door.
107) 10) dialog: (on the way out) It's in the fridge. When some real scientists get here, have them take a look.
110) 0) text: Clive finds the barn empty. Elsa is not there, nor is Dre
110) 3) dialog: (hysterical) Get away! Stay away from me!
111) 0) text: Elsa is already in her car, backing around to make a forw exit. Clive pounds on the driver's-side window.
113) 0) text: Clive finds Elsa at the kitchen table staring into space. He approaches, sheepish, not sure what to expect.
113) 2) dialog: (low) Don't.
113) 4) dialog: "I'M SORRY?" I'm sorry means nothing! It doesn't take ANYTHING away!
113) 6) dialog: I don't even know who you are anymore! You've become something sick! (beat) Forget about what it means to me! There are some things you just DO
113) 9) dialog: You're not talking your way out of this!
113) 11) dialog: Confused about what?
113) 13) dialog: I don't think you're in a position to talk to me about right and wrong. Now Clive is finding his anger.
113) 17) dialog: I love her.
113) 19) dialog: I cut off her tail. (beat) It seemed like a good idea at the time.
113) 22) dialog: I synthesized the protein.
113) 24) dialog: The CD-356 level in her blood's ten times higher than what Ginger and Fred ever had. She's boiling over with it.
113) 26) dialog: We could start to. Except for...
113) 28) dialog: We can't do that. Clive's silence says everything.
113) 29) dialog: We can't... We have a responsibility.
113) 31) dialog: .. How?
114) 0) text: Clive and Elsa have returned. They slam the doors to the van and head towards the barn without a word. Clive has a large hypodermic needle in his hand, already uncapped.
115) 0) text: The RATTLE of the lock. The SQUEAK of the door opening. Clive and Elsa enter the barn and quickly bolt the door b them. Elsa calls out, careful not to let even a hint of emotion enter her voice.
115) 1) dialog: Dren! Come out Dren. There is no sign of her. The room is quiet. Too quiet. Clive goes to her hiding place. Nothing. They scan the rafters. Elsa climbs up the step ladder to peer into the tank. The water is murky, a slight film on the surface. She brushes the water with her hand. Elsa leans in closer... 101. Dren's face bobs to the surface. Elsa jumps back, nearly losing her balance, but Dren is completely inert. Eyes st sightlessly at her.
115) 2) dialog: (suddenly panicked) Clive! Help me! Clive joins her by the rim, sees Elsa struggling under Dr dead weight, isn't sure what to do.
115) 3) dialog: Come on! Clive drops the needle. Together, with difficulty, they manage to hoist Dren out of the water and lower her to th floor. She feels Dren's forehead.
115) 4) dialog: Fever. Dren convulses. Her head shaking, body buckling. Elsa dro to her knees, checking Dren's vital signs, puts her head the creature's chest.
115) 5) dialog: Faint. Barely there. Elsa takes Dren under the arms. Clive goes around to the feet. Together they move Dren away from the tank. They gently set Dren down on a cot. Elsa fills the sink with water.
115) 6) dialog: Open the door.
115) 8) dialog: Get some fresh air in here. Elsa comes back to Dren, wiping her brow with a cool, dam cloth. Clive opens the doors to the barn. Fresh air and daylight wash over Dren, pulling her back into consciousness. Her eyes drift to the opening. A gateway to trees, sky, a who universe that she was never allowed to experience. Elsa sees this, feels the regret of a failed parent. One that could never allow her child to prosper in the world. Slowly, Dren's eyes grow weary. She drifts back into unconsciousness. 118 119 120 121 102.
116) 0) text: The light has grown dim. Clive is asleep in an old arm ch The sound of SOBBING wakes him. He opens his eyes, sees Elsa from behind, hunched, crying. Dren lies on the cot deathly still. He reaches for Elsa. Then draws his hand back, knowing hi touch can only make things worse.
117) 0) text: Clive climbs out of a freshly dug shallow grave in the fa plot, next to where the cat had been buried, Elsa's mothe nearby. A single lantern lights their farewell. Elsa gently drops the Barbie doll into the grave. Dren's body is already down there, wrapped in Elsa's old blanket
119) 0) text: The barn is nearly cleaned out, the vat drained, equipmen boxed and prepped for moving. Elsa sweeps the last of the garbage off the floor. She ja the broom into Dren's old hiding place and draws back a p of papers. She is suddenly stuck with emotion. These are drawings that Dren had made of Elsa. Not one, n two, but many sketches. All of them hidden away. 122 103. All of them speaking of a secret love that a daughter had for a mother. Tears well in Elsa's eyes. Clive steps into the barn with wheeled dolly.
119) 2) dialog: Almost. Clive, nods. Feels her anguish. But can say nothing more. He hoists a box onto the cart and wheels it to the door.. Stops, sets it down as he hears THE SOUND OF AN APPROACHI VEHICLE.
120) 0) text: Clive and Elsa come out of the barn as a SEDAN roars up t drive. The door flies open and Dexter steps out. His expression is a combination of stern resolve and guilt.
120) 3) dialog: What the fuck, Bill? (beat, then to Dexter) What did you tell him? Dexter glares at her, long buried resentment rising to th surface.
120) 12) dialog: She's already dead. Barlow hangs up the phone. Dexter reacts to this news, relieved but perhaps a little saddened also.
120) 13) dialog: It's over, Bill. Elsa pushes past Barlow and heads towards the van. He tra after Elsa. Clive follows, numbly.
120) 15) dialog: See for yourself. Barlow catches the shovel, looks at it with distaste.
120) 16) dialog: She's buried behind the house. 105.
120) 23) dialog: Come on... Clive shakes her off.
121) 0) text: Elsa jumps into the driver's seat, hands shaking, she pat her pockets, searching for the keys. Clive wrenches open the driver's-side door.
121) 2) dialog: Where's the keys?
121) 4) dialog: He's gone.
121) 8) dialog: 
122) 0) text: Elsa and Clive burst inside, freaking out. Elsa locks the door behind them.
123) 0) text: Elsa and Clive stumble into the kitchen. She wets a rag i the sink and dabs his wounds.
123) 1) dialog: You okay?
123) 3) dialog: Ginger. The same thing that happened to Ginger. CRASH! Something heavy has landed on the roof. SCRATCHING CLAWING FOOTSTEPS track over their heads. Elsa draws a butcher knife from the kitchen counter. CRASH! Glass shatters in one of the closed rooms. Elsa stands frozen, staring at the door to her old bedroo From beyond the door, she hears a LOUD ROAR, and the TINK OF GLASS. She's drawn to it, despite herself. Clive sniffs the air. Elsa thrusts open the door.
124) 0) text: They burst out of the house, Clive clutching the flashlig Elsa the butcher knife. She yanks on his arm.
124) 1) dialog: (terrified) Clive... He turns, sees... Male-Dren perched on the roof, silhouetted by flames. They are frozen by the sight. Slowly, with frightening grace, Male-Dren rises, flexes h wings, towering to his full eight-foot-height. His face shows no evidence of compassion. Old Dren's capacity for human emotion has been replaced by pure animal impulse. He SCREECHES A DEAFENING SCREAM, then crouches to pounce. Clive and Elsa bolt for the forest.
125) 0) text: Clive and Elsa stumble over rough terrain. Branches whip their face and arms. Thick bushes tear at their legs. Above: FLAPPING WINGS followed by the RUSTLE OF BRANCHES. FLAP, RUSTLE. FLAP, RUSTLE. It's getting closer. It sounds like Male-Dren is flinging himself from tree to tree, tracking them from above. And then nothing. Silence They resume their run.
126) 0) text: They stumble into a waist-deep SWAMPY BOG. Elsa scrambles out onto a rocky embankment. Clive struggles through the sucking mud, gets stuck.
126) 1) dialog: Come on.
126) 3) dialog: No! Grabbing a stick, she lies on her belly and prods the mud bottom. 109.
126) 5) dialog: We need it. Clive inches ahead of her, laying himself prone on ground
126) 8) dialog: Clive! Elsa can make out the dim figure of Clive as he is pulled under. Air bubbles to the surface. She watches helplessly as the water churns and the light quickly fades to darkne And then, all becomes still. Elsa bends over the embankment, trying to penetrate the m liquid. Suddenly, Clive's face buoys into view.
126) 9) dialog: Clive! She grabs him by the shirt, drags him onto the rock. He i still breathing. And then she sees... Male-Dren rising up, water draining from his raptor form, wings spread above, ready to pounce. Elsa is immobilized, not wanting to leave Clive. Male-Dre stares at her with piercing eyes. It's Elsa that he wants He leaps forward in a blur of motion. She turns, bolts through a narrow opening between dense t 129 130 131 110.
127) 0) text: Elsa runs blindly. Ahead is an outcropping of rock. She squeezes inside. Something lands on the rock above, debris showers over th opening. A HOLLOW CRY. Elsa stifles her breath, stares helplessly, waiting. Then more FLAPPING WINGS... and quiet. As carefully as she can, Elsa worms her way out and takes off.
128) 0) text: Elsa breaks through the tree-line and tumbles into a sea waist-high wheat. She weaves through it, directionless, panicked. Again, the sound of flapping wings overhead. She throws herself to the ground, lies under the cover of wheat, choking back her breath. SILENCE. She waits. Finally, rises, cautiously pokes her head abov the horizon of amber, her knuckles white around the handl of the butcher knife. BEHIND HER, two enormous multicolored wings silently spre outward as the form of Male-Dren rises into view. Elsa whirls around. The wings envelope her, whipping the knife from her hand, flinging it into the wheat field.
128) 1) dialog: (screeching) What do you want? WHAT DO YOU WANT!! Male-Dren's mouth opens, contorts, lips struggling as he SPEAKS, the words are distorted, guttural, distinctly inh but unmistakable:
130) 0) text: Clive enters the field breathless and in pain. Nothing is visible beyond the rolling horizon of wheat. He is about turn back, when he sees something sticking out of the soi THE BUTCHER KNIFE. He picks it up. Then he hears it. STRANGE PURRING and SCRAPING SOUNDS. He pushes into a small clearing of trampled wheat in time see Male-Dren on top of Elsa, her arms pinned over her he his pelvis thrusting. Clive is frozen by the sight. He overcomes his paralysis, his face hardening. He raises the knife... Elsa sees this, is pulled back into awareness, looks up, into the face that hangs over hers, Male-Dren stiffening the grip of sexual ecstasy as he releases inside her... Clive lunges forward, driving the knife into the Hybrid's shoulder. Male-Dren lets out a HIGH-PITCHED SHRIEK. He launches himself up with the force of his wings, spinning face Clive. Clive swings the knife downward again, cleaving into a wi MORE SCREAMING, but this time Male-Dren attacks. His wing swipe and flutter at Clive, blowing him backwards with th wind-force. Clive lands hard. The creature pounces on top of him. In that moment, it would seem that Clive is done for. Then, rock bounces off Male-Dren's head with a brutal CRUNCH. Male-Dren staggers back, clearly stunned. He turns to fac Elsa, a bloody rock in her hands. Weeping, Elsa hesitates. There's a moment when she can't quite do it. Can't quite murder... Male-Dren's BARBED TAIL flashes out and plunges deep into Clive's chest, piercing his heart. Clive stiffens, chokes then falls away. Instantly dead. Male-Dren arches to the sky, lets out a final VICTORIOUS SCREAM. He wrenches the knife out of his chest with a hor sucking sound. He turns to Elsa just in time to catch another blow to th head. Male-Dren drops backwards, blood gushing from the impact point. Elsa hoists the rock and hulks over the felled Hybrid. 133 112. Male-Dren's face changes. The menacing animal violence fa away. The eyes go soft, almost pleading. The mouth trembl taking on recognizably human facets of fear, hurt... even betrayal. And she lets the rock drop, crushing his skull into a SICKENING PULP. Male-Dren's body spasms once or twice bef resting. Elsa falls to her knees, numb and drained. Tears roll dow her cheeks at the sight of Clive's body, and the crumpled mess that was once Dren. She lets herself cry, a convulsing weeping, while in the distance the farm burns to the ground.
131) 0) text: Elsa sits at the end of a large desk. Her hair is cropped short, the streak of white, once an emblem of her uniquen has been dyed to match the rest. We can assume that a fai amount of time has passed since her ordeal. At the other side of the desk is Joan. Her usual scolding demeanor is replaced by a generous warmth -- anxious to m Elsa feel comfortable.
131) 6) dialog: This is what I want. Joan nods, impressed by Elsa's courage. She pulls Elsa cl rocking her with reassurance, stroking her hair. Graduall Elsa's resistance melts. She gives herself to Joan's moth embrace. THE END.