13) 0) text: A large conference room located in the stratosphere of Novaphorm headquarters. A gathering of EXECUTIVES. Barlow stands off to the side, eyeing the Novaphorm team nervously. In particular, he monitors the reaction of JOA KLEIN, Novaphorm's new Chief of Operations. In her 50s, Joan is a well-starched bundle of cold candor.
13) 6) dialog: Extraordinary. Simply extraordinary. (to the assembled) I don't think I exaggerate when I say that Clive and Elsa represent the future. Not just for this corporation, but for the entire field of bio-engineering. Clive and Elsa share an excited, hopeful glance
13) 7) dialog: (to Clive and Elsa) And that is why it is time to move on to Phase 2.
13) 9) dialog: Yes. The product stage. We need to isolate the gene in Ginger and Fred which produces your magic protein, CD-356. We're shutting down the splicing facilities. Retooling your labs for intensive chemical analysis. For the first time, Clive and Elsa look caught off-guard.
13) 12) dialog: Very impressive. But it sounds like a longterm goal. That is not what Novaphorm needs at this time.
13) 18) dialog: Look. We'd love to cure all those things. Of course we would. Nothing would make us prouder as a company. As human beings. (beat) You put a viable livestock product on the shelves... Then we can talk about a twenty year plan to save the world. (beat) Right now, we need to start Phase 2. And you're the only ones who can do it. Clive and Elsa stare despondently at the room of stony fa
64) 13) dialog: Here is a couple... each so unlike anything we've seen before... Clive's face contorts into orgasm -- a release of raw phy pleasure.
65) 1) dialog: ...They are drawn together by the simple fact that there is nobody else quite like them. On either side of the stairs, reporters, photographers, a video crews jostle for position, elbow-to-elbow with protesters from all walks of life - religious and secular As the protesters scream their epitaphs and warnings, sha their signs, and bump up against a HEAVY SECURITY PRESENC Clive and Elsa seem not to notice. This is their proudest night. Arm-in-arm they stride into science's brightest spotlight.
66) 0) text: Joan stands at a podium addressing an auditorium packed t the rafters with investors. We realize now that her speec is not about Elsa and Clive after all... but about Ginger and Fred, who are on stage in clear, plexi-glass cages.
66) 1) dialog: That they are completely unique in this world is more than an act of fate. More than just luck. It is by design! As Joan's presentation continues, the cages slowly roll towards each other from opposing ends of the stage.
66) 2) dialog: Now, let me present to you the minds behind the design... splice-masters extraordinaire: Clive Nicoli and Elsa Kast! With a LOUD FANFARE, Clive and Elsa take to the stage. Clearly excited, caught up in the energy of the moment, t wave to the cheering crowd. Joan steps aside so they can huddle over the podium microphone.
67) 0) text: There is a deathly silence in the room as Joan, Barlow, C and Elsa face-off around an oversized conference table. What is clear is that the Hybrid has hit the fan. Elsa's white blouse is spattered with blood. Joan has made a poi of removing her shoes. Clive's dress pants are stained fr the cuffs to the knees. Eventually, Barlow feels compelled to pipe up.
67) 2) dialog: It's a fucking disaster!
67) 4) dialog: Well, they did tonight. Why? Clive and Elsa exchange glances, each hoping the other wi do the explaining.
67) 5) dialog: (furious) What HAPPENED?
67) 8) dialog: Hormonal changes?
67) 12) dialog: So your first surviving, living hybrid changes sex... (beat) And you didn't notice? How is that possible? No answer. Clive and Elsa look rightly chastised.
67) 14) dialog: No more monsters! (MORE )
67) 16) dialog: (beat) We don't have time for that. We need the gene that produces CD-356. And we need it immediately.
67) 18) dialog: Surely you're farther along than that?!
67) 20) dialog: (angry) ; Then you're not allocating your resources effectively. Barlow clears his throat.
67) 23) dialog: Apparently you cannot.
67) 25) dialog: (to Barlow) Done. Whatever you need. I'm making you hands-on in charge of this. (to Clive and Elsa) I want that protein synthesized in two weeks. Do you understand? Clive and Elsa respond with mute compliance. 70 71 68.
131) 0) text: Elsa sits at the end of a large desk. Her hair is cropped short, the streak of white, once an emblem of her uniquen has been dyed to match the rest. We can assume that a fai amount of time has passed since her ordeal. At the other side of the desk is Joan. Her usual scolding demeanor is replaced by a generous warmth -- anxious to m Elsa feel comfortable.
131) 1) dialog: Your Dren turned out to be a cauldron of the most unimaginable chemical mysteries. Aside from the intense concentration of CD-356 in her system, she was riddled with a variety of completely unique compounds. (pleased) We'll be filing patents for years. Elsa remains mute, feeling a little awkward.
131) 2) dialog: Naturally, we're extremely excited that you're willing to take us to the next stage. (beat) Especially in light of the... um... personal risk. Joan pushes a sheet of paper across the desk for Elsa to examine.
131) 3) dialog: We think the figure we've come up with is very generous. 113. Next, she slides a phonebook-sized contract across the de
131) 4) dialog: You can never speak of this. To anyone. Ever. Elsa thumbs through the pages. Joan walks around the desk a pen her hand. She hesitates before handing it to Elsa..
131) 5) dialog: Nobody would blame you if you didn't do this. You could just put an end to it and walk away. Elsa takes the pen from Joan's hand and signs with a sing determined stroke. Elsa stands, and we see now that her stomach is protrudin noticeably. She is QUITE PREGNANT.