8) 0) text: The camera leads Mal down. On either side of the hall are ladders leading down to crew's personal quarters. The hulking mercenary JAYNE is coming up out of his bunk Mal passes. He carries a number of rifles and grenades.
8) 1) dialog: we're gonna explode? I don't wanna explode.
8) 3) dialog: I just get excitable as to choice, like to have my options open.
8) 5) dialog: Well, what you plan and what takes place ain't ever exactly been similar.
8) 10) dialog: Cap'n doesn't want 'em.
13) 3) text: Things get gritty I will keep her from the fray, but she's coming. Best you get her ready. As Mal walks on, we tilt up to see the Mule, a four-man hovercraft hanging from chains near the ceiling. Jayne an Zoe are tossing duffle bags into it.
15) 0) text: The chains are hoisted back up into the ceiling of the sh The mule floats just above the floor, Jayne piling in nex River in the back:
17) 1) dialog: What are we hoping to find here that equals the worth of a turd?
17) 4) dialog: (cocks his gun) Shiny. Let's be badguys. Mal turns back to River.
18) 9) text: Y'all wanna be looking very intently at your own belly buttons. I see a head start to rise, violence is gonna ensue. The guy who rushed Mal complies along with everyone else. Jayne dumps his catch on the floor and rips open his dirt shirt to reveal the purple of an Alliance uniform.
18) 10) dialog: Looks like this is the place. He looks up at Mal, who motions for Zoe to open the front door. She does, and River steps in. ANGLE: RIVER'S BARE FEET -- walking slowly among the hunc over customers as Mal addresses them.
18) 17) dialog: She's locked up. River suddenly looks around, perturbed. CLOSE ON: a young tough. River looks up at Zoe, alarmed, and silently points to th young man. He is slowly reaching for the weapon in his be He finds Zoe's sawed-off nuzzling his cheek.
22) 0) text: River SCREAMS and flops onto her back, pinned by revelati Others look at her, concerned, as Jayne makes his way to
22) 1) dialog: What the hell is up? You all right? What's goin' on? He holds her, as she whispers, wide-eyed...
23) 4) dialog: 
23) 7) dialog: (barreling in) Mal! Reavers! The girl's pitchin' a fit. They're here or they're comin' soon. He is already loading up with bags as Mal thinks quickly.
24) 0) text: The doors burst open, Jayne and Zoe coming out first, Mal behind with River in hand. She is freaked, in her own spa Jayne and Zoe throw the bags on --
24) 2) dialog: You see 'em? Anybody see 'em? 1J -- and jump on themselves, Mal scanning the area as he River up to Jayne's care. As the craft powers up, slowly moving, the young man Zoe kept from trying to pull his we bursts out of the station, grabbing the back of the mule.
25) 0) text: The mule and the skiff are booking through the rocky terr The skiff swings closer, but Jayne peppers it with automa fire and it swings away. There is sporadic return fire.
25) 1) dialog: How come they ain't blowing us out of the air?
25) 4) dialog: Boy, sure would be nice if we had some grenades, don'tchya think? Mal says nothing, keeps firing.
29) 0) text: Zoe gets the mule in front but a harpoon thwinngs through air from the skiff and S} NK! Goes through Jayne's leg.. harpoon grips the leg and pulls -- Jayne goes flying off the back of the Mule, Mal just grab him as the harpoon line reels slowly tighter --
29) 2) dialog: I won't get et! You shoot me if they take me! Mal steadies himself and takes aim, seemingly at Jayne --
29) 3) dialog: (CONTINUING)
29) 12) dialog: (CONTINUING)
36) 0) text: A flaming portion of the top flies in, skids to the floor small fires erupt from the mule as well -- Simon pulls a lever and jets of C02 shoot out of the floor. Simon hits the button to start the outer ramp closing, th runs to the mule. The C02 stops and he finds River sittin in her seat, completely unharmed. Zoe is climbing painful out of the other seat, Mal and Jayne both having been thr
39) 15) text: Well, Jayne...
41) 7) dialog: I do not get it. How's a guy get so wrong?
42) 7) dialog: Ain't logical. Cuttin' on his own face, rapin' and murdering -- I mean, I'll kill a man in a fair fight... or if I think he's gonna start a fair fight, or if he bothers me, or if there's a woman, or I'm gettin' paid -- mostly only when I'm gettin' paid. But these Reavers... last ten years they just show up like the boageyman from stories. Eating people alive? Where does that get fun? He dumps the body in, she starts the doors closing.
42) 9) dialog: Hell, I been to the edge. Just looked like more space.
42) 11) dialog: You're just in a whinge cuz that prissy doc is finally disembarking. Me I says good riddance. He never belonged here, and his sister's no saner than one of them Reavers.
42) 13) dialog: Well, there is that.
47) 20) dialog: 40 I could stand to hear a little more...
47) 57) dialog: My muscular buttocks it's forty --
47) 69) dialog: Reavers ain't business, double dickless. This is all background noise to River, who has moved to t CV screen, on which is a commercial. It's animated, goofy cartoon animals and anime-style Asian girls all transform to insane fantasy figures as they sing about:
47) 84) dialog: V0 Whuhuh? She's taking out a group of four, high kicks and perfect precision -- Two men come from either side, one whipping a knife -- she does a perfect split, grabs his wrist abov her head, using his momentum to stab the other one -- Mal fights to get back to the gunrack. The bouncer reache her and she wrests his shockrod from him, uses it on him, Fanty and Mingo -- the fan-dancer is bolting and River hu the rod at her head, knocks her cold... She's everywhere. On tables, chairs, under your legs, usi the room itself to take out every single person there. On man hides behind a wall -- impossibly, she swings her leg around the corner and nails his face. Jayne grabs her from behind --
47) 85) dialog: (CONTINUING)
47) 86) text: Gorrammit, girl, it's me! She grabs his crotch and squeezes -- his grip loosens and spins, facing him, and flat-heels his nose with her palm, V0 twirling into a gut kick that doubles him over, dispat of another while she cracks Jayne's head with a small tab Somebody pulls a gun and she snaps his elbow, causing him scream out even before he shoots himself in the gut -- Mal frantically wrests a gun from the vending locker as R knocks the other guy's gun in the air, kicks someone else then catches it, whips it around just as Mal comes up wit his, they are pointed right at each other --
51) 25) dialog: (jumping back) Well don't say it! moo ZOE It only works on her, Jayne.
51) 26) dialog: Oh. Well, now I know that.
53) 3) dialog: And I thought they was gettin' off! (off looks) Didn't we have a intricate plan how they was gonna be not here anymore?
53) 5) dialog: No, now that she's a... killer woman we ought be bringin' 'em tea and dumplings! (to Mal) In earnest, Mal: why'd you bring her back on? 4 Mal looks at Jayne, at all of them. Doesn't have an answe
53) 7) dialog: She goes woolly again, we're gonna have to put a bullet to her.
62) 0) text: We see the gang sitting and eating. Comfortable, even laughing a bit. Jayne presents Book with a couple of ciga Kaylee hoists the boy on her lap.
71) 0) text: watching both Mal and Inara on two Zoe and Wash are secretly at their formal shyness. different screens, smiling Jayne enters, wondering what's up...
91) 1) dialog: Why, 'cause this guy beat up Mal? That ain't so hard --
93) 4) dialog: So no hope of a reward, huh?
93) 13) dialog: Which you was all ready to do not a day ago. What went sour?
93) 15) dialog: That so? 'Cause the corpse I'm about to become is having trouble telling the difference.
93) 21) dialog: You dumbass hogs, the only people she's a threat to is us on this boat!
95) 2) dialog: Hiding under the Shepherd's skirts, that's a manful scheme --
95) 4) dialog: Yes!
95) 6) dialog: Do a damn sight better job'n you. Getting us lashed over a couple of strays... (to Simon) No offense, Doc, I think it's noble as a grape the way you look to River, but she ain't my sister (to Mal) and she ain't your crew. Oh, and neither is she exactly helpless! So where's it writ we gotta lay down our lives for her, which is what you've steered us toward.
95) 8) dialog: No, the Alliance starts the war -- and then you volunteer. Battle of Serenity, Mal: besides Zoe here, how many -- (Mal turns away) -- I'm talkin' at you -- how many men in your platoon came out of there alive? Mal stares at him.
95) 14) dialog: You're damn right I do. He stalks upstairs. There's a quiet moment.
97) 0) text: Jayne is looking at the storage locker door. A beat.
97) 1) dialog: 
97) 3) dialog: (CONTINUING)
98) 0) text: The crew enters, drawn by the shots. Mal is first -- can' open the door. Looks in to see an unconscious Jayne...
100) 0) text: A floor panel hinges open, Mal pulling himself up. He mov quietly to the bridge, gun drawn. He enters to find River frantically punching up coordinat on a big Cortex screen she's pulled out by the copilot's seat. She whips Jayne's gun at his face, never looking at him. A moment, and Mal lowers his own gun.
104) 30) dialog: How come they ain't waiting? They know'd we was coming, how come they only sent one?
106) 20) dialog: V0 God's balls, there's no way we're going out there! And everybody (save River) is talking at once:
106) 25) dialog: I ain't takin' orders from a man has lost his brainstem -- , -Mal pule-s-his- in his face, steps back, hand on his.
116) 0) text: As she touches down, filling the frame. After a moment Ma Zoe and Jayne emerge from the airlock in full suits, arme Zoe reads a handheld scanner...
116) 4) dialog: --ai-n-lt the settlement- 10
117) 0) text: Out of their suits now, Mal, Zoe and Jayne take point as entire crew walks along the street, looking about them.
117) 7) dialog: Got another one! ANGLE: JAYNE is by a downed hovercraft. Inside are three skeletons: two grown-ups and a small child. Clothes in better condition, and again no sign of violence.
117) 8) dialog: They's all just sittin'. Didn't crash... ANGLE: RIVER is quietly becoming more and more upset. CLOSE ON: KAYLEE walks in front of an office building, staying away from the cars as she hears:
117) 9) dialog: Couple more here... 0 0 orpse _of_aman is pressed up against the glass wall right behind her. Mouth open, skin dead blue, terribly skinny... a thing to haunt 14
117) 17) dialog: How come they're preserved?
117) 32) dialog: (UPSET)
117) 35) dialog: She's right! Everybody's dead! This whole world is dead for no reason!
119) 21) dialog: (QUIETLY)
122) 10) dialog: My grandma always told me: if you can't do something smart, do something right. By way of emphasis he loudly cocks his big-ass rifle. Mal takes in the fact that Jayne has spoken for them all.
122) 12) dialog: (NODDING)
133) 8) dialog: (ENTERING)
133) 9) text: Hey look, we're upside down. V0 Zoe and Mal shoot a look at Jayne.
145) 0) text: Jayne, Simon and Inara pull harnesses not unlike "Batman Ride" seats from the ceiling, help the others in.
149) 0) text: The cargo bay door opens -- just the little door housed inside the ramp -- and Jayne comes out with his biggest g He looks up, toward the edge of the runway, but no Reaver have arrived yet.
149) 1) dialog: Go! The entire crew piles out, all heavily bedecked with weap
150) 12) dialog: (to the others) Move those crates back there for cover -- and make sure they ain't filled with anything goes boom.
150) 14) dialog: Move the gorram crates! Come on! We hear savage SCREAMS from the hanger -- they're approaching. Mal moves to the door, Jayne beside him.
150) 15) text: Reavers rush toward them. He turns to Jayne.
150) 27) dialog: Captain's right. Can't be thinking on revenge if we're gonna get through this.
150) 29) dialog: I might...
152) 10) dialog: She picked a sweet bung of a time to go helpless on us.
155) 1) dialog: Zoe... Gorramnit... But she is in a trance, and we see beneath the calm, to t bubbling magma of rage that keeps her firing, single shot each one a kill, till five men down and she's out of ammo The sixth comes at her swinging a blade and she blocks, t precision of military training still in her as she flips wresting the blade free and swinging it down out of frame bringing it up bloody, swinging again as the door bursts and she's rushed from behind --- But Jayne totes an automatic, sprays killing fire on the moving forward himself --
155) 7) dialog: (CONTINUING)
157) 0) text: Jayne is still firing continuously as he drags Zoe back t the barricades. Simon moves to help -- Kaylee firing now, squinting with effort -- and pulls open the cut back of Z shirt, checks the wound.
157) 9) dialog: Oh, now you're likin' guns, huh? Cheaters! He takes a hit in the shoulder, grimaces and keeps firing River watches, the gun limp in her hand. Kaylee grabs it starts another round -- but she's peppered with dart-like projectiles. She screams and drops the weapon, pulling th projectiles from her -- Inara helps her up, pulls her bac Zoe shouts:
157) 12) text: Jayne! Grenade!
157) 13) dialog: Very last one... He tosses it through the hole. Zoe doesn't even flinch fr the blast as she thinks.
157) 19) dialog: We got three full cartridges and my swingin' cod. That's all. Inara is by the elevator, pounding for it to come.--- 40
159) 0) text: The gang is subdued -- because they are all of them injur and Simon is slipping away. Jayne looks at Zoe.
159) 1) dialog: You suppose he got through? Think Mal got the word out?
165) 0) text: We are close on a gravestone. It is rounded, looks more l a bell than a headstone. It is topped by a jar built'into the stone. The jar is weathered tin at top and bottom, bu glass in the middle. Inside the glass we can see one of those slightly moving photos. It is of Mr Universe and hi lovebot, and the name Mr Universe is carved roughly in th stone beneath. The camera moves to the right and we see another such sto 40 this one bearing the image and inscription: Shepherd D Book. The third is Hoban Washburne. Wash. The camera continues moving right, but the next stone hou a small home-made rocket with pieces of paper taped to it instead of a picture-jar. And fixing another slip of pape to it is River. She moves away from the stone as Mal does likewise. They' flanked by the crew: Jayne, Inara (to whom Mal moves), Simon, who stands holding River before him and hand in ha with Kaylee. He has a crutch supporting his other side. There is a moment, then they all move aside, saying nothi Between them walks Zoe, in a simple white funeral gown, holding a burning taper. She stands at the stones a moment, then holds the taper t the rocket fuse. Stands back with the others. The rocket shoots up into the darkening sky. They all wat its sputtering tail a moment, then it it explodes in a se of fireworks. 40
168) 0) text: Mal and Jayne hold onto the cannon as a crane is lifting off the top of the ship. Close on Mal as he watches it go...
175) 0) text: Mal comes in and runs into Inara. Jayne passes through as they talk, heading down into his bunk. Pays them no mind. Neither do Simon and Kaylee, in the dining room stowing supplies.