10) 4) dialog: Everything's shiny, Cap'n. Not to fret.
10) 7) dialog: (WORKING)
15) 13) dialog: Don't mind the Captain none, Simon. I know he'll look out for her.
15) 15) dialog: It's just a little Trading Station. They'll be back 'fore you can spit. (as he stalks off) Not that you spit...
36) 3) dialog: Are you okay?
38) 18) dialog: Well let's not do anything hasty...
41) 2) dialog: We gotta have records of everything. A bona fide Companion entertained clients on this very ship! In this very bed! The picture pans over to the bed -- which River is bendin over and sniffing curiously. Inara is packing things up.
41) 3) dialog: (CONTINUING)
41) 6) dialog: Honest, Inara, why do you have to leave? Inara shoots an uncertain look at the camera -- and the picture freezes, goes back to the beginning. During all this, Mal has picked it up. He looks at it a moment, tosses it aside. Looks around at nothing much.
42) 0) text: We see the doors in the floor slide open, a second set be Pan to see, for a moment, the dead Reaver's face. Kaylee is opening the doors with a keypad on a cable. Jay drags the corpse closer to the doors as he continues:
42) 8) dialog: Shepherd Book said they was men that reached the edge of space., saw a vasty nothingness and just went bibbledy over it.
42) 10) dialog: I don't know. People get awful lonely in the black. Like to get addlepated ourselves, we stay on this boat much longer. Captain'll drive us all off, one by one.
42) 12) dialog: That ain't even so! River's a dear heart and a boon to this crew! You just don't like her 'cause she can read your mind and everything you think is mean.
42) 20) dialog: Her and Simon could have a place here. Now they're leaving us. Just like Shepherd Book. She looks up toward one of the shuttles.
42) 21) dialog: (CONTINUING)
46) 0) text: The ramp is open and everyone is filing out, ready to hit town. Kaylee is talking to Simon, who has River in hand.
46) 1) dialog: Don't talk to the barkers -- only the captains. (MORE)
46) 8) dialog: You shouldn't aughta be so clean. It's a dead giveaway you don't belong, you always gotta be tidy. Don't pay anybody in advance. And don't ride in anything with a Capissen 38 engine, they fall right out of the sky.
47) 8) dialog: It is entirely and for all your fault! If you'd given Simon a moment, just a moment where he didn't think you were gonna throw them off or turn them in, he might've --
47) 10) dialog: (as they continue
47) 13) dialog: But he coulda made 'em family! Steada driving them off. Steada keeping Simon from seein' I was there, when I carried such a torch and we coulda -- goin' on a year now I ain't had nothin' twixt my nethers weren't run on batteries! 40
47) 21) dialog: If you had a care for anybody's heart you woulda --
47) 24) dialog: Tell that to Inara. For a moment, Mal is too shocked to react. Kaylee storms
51) 10) dialog: Haven? We're gonna see Shepherd Book?
51) 18) dialog: Not sure I get it.
53) 4) dialog: We couldn't leave them now...
61) 0) text: We see the camp: a few shacks and a working mine, as our group come down to it, greeted by a few miners, including eight year old boy that rushes to Kaylee... ANGLE ON: A CANNON mounted at the edge of town. The guy manning it sees them arrive, also goes to greet them.
62) 0) text: We see the gang sitting and eating. Comfortable, even laughing a bit. Jayne presents Book with a couple of ciga Kaylee hoists the boy on her lap.
73) 0) text: There is a general groan among the audience, which now includes Kaylee as well...
73) 1) dialog: Oh they're so pathetic!
75) 7) dialog: How can you be sure Inara don't just wanna see you? Sometimes people have feelings -- I'm referring here to people...
75) 13) dialog: Yes.
75) 15) dialog: No.
95) 23) dialog: Nobody's saying that.
99) 2) dialog: Cap'n! She tosses him a bolt remover. He starts pulling a bolt o of a panel on the wall, tells Zoe:
101) 1) dialog: How can it be there's a whole planet called Miranda and none of us knowed that?
101) 5) dialog: (re: planet) Wait a tick, yeah! Some ten years back, before the war. There was call for workers to settle on Miranda, my daddy talked about going. I should've recalled...
104) 0) text: The crew pours out even as the ramp lowers, going off in directions, calling out to people... Kaylee heads for the burning church.
104) 1) dialog: Shepherd? Shepherd Book! She stops, looking at the ground by the steeple. There is the body on the ground, face down. The child she played w at dinner. Kaylee stares, at first uncomprehending. ANGLE: MAL, moving in the other direction, approaches the cannon, Jayne behind him. He stops and sees: Book, lying by the cannon, torn up badly from the waist d
106) 5) dialog: What do you mean, the bodies...
106) 7) dialog: These people are our friends --
115) 0) text: Kaylee, Simon and River have left the bridge. The clouds the windows, so nothing below is visible.
117) 16) dialog: GAAAAaaoh God -- -- and steps back, horrified, as the others approach. It's an office. About half the employees are there, in chairs or on the ground, all in the same state as the fir fellow. We see ANGLES of the corpses as the gang evaluate
117) 19) dialog: (very upset) What're they doing? What's everybody doing?
141) 0) text: Sparks -- and arcs of electricity -- are everywhere here. Kaylee jumps back as she is electrocuted -- Simon runs in pulls her out, slams the door shut on the erupting fires.
150) 9) dialog: I can rig 'em so they won't re- open once they close.
150) 13) dialog: Wait, Wash -- where's Wash? Nobody (but River) realized he wasn't there. Zoe is dead ,No ZOE He ain't comin'. Everybody takes that in, Kaylee's eyes welling up.
152) 12) dialog: Oh, I didn't plan on going out like this. I think we did right, but...
152) 16) dialog: With me? You mean to say, as, sex?
152) 18) text: I mean to say. Kaylee snaps her cartridge home with way more precision t we might expect from her, takes steady aim at the door.
152) 19) dialog: Hell with this. I'm gonna live. Simon looks at her a moment, then turns his attention to door. Inara come up into frame with the contents of the oilclot a bow and arrow, which she pulls back with focused grace. ANGLE: THE DOOR starts to come off its hinges. 4
157) 0) text: Jayne is still firing continuously as he drags Zoe back t the barricades. Simon moves to help -- Kaylee firing now, squinting with effort -- and pulls open the cut back of Z shirt, checks the wound.
157) 15) dialog: Can close it... from outside...
157) 27) dialog: I'm starting to lose some feeling here... I think there's something in them darts they throwed at me.
165) 0) text: We are close on a gravestone. It is rounded, looks more l a bell than a headstone. It is topped by a jar built'into the stone. The jar is weathered tin at top and bottom, bu glass in the middle. Inside the glass we can see one of those slightly moving photos. It is of Mr Universe and hi lovebot, and the name Mr Universe is carved roughly in th stone beneath. The camera moves to the right and we see another such sto 40 this one bearing the image and inscription: Shepherd D Book. The third is Hoban Washburne. Wash. The camera continues moving right, but the next stone hou a small home-made rocket with pieces of paper taped to it instead of a picture-jar. And fixing another slip of pape to it is River. She moves away from the stone as Mal does likewise. They' flanked by the crew: Jayne, Inara (to whom Mal moves), Simon, who stands holding River before him and hand in ha with Kaylee. He has a crutch supporting his other side. There is a moment, then they all move aside, saying nothi Between them walks Zoe, in a simple white funeral gown, holding a burning taper. She stands at the stones a moment, then holds the taper t the rocket fuse. Stands back with the others. The rocket shoots up into the darkening sky. They all wat its sputtering tail a moment, then it it explodes in a se of fireworks. 40
170) 0) text: Kaylee, deeply greasy, tweaks a part on the engine and crosses to the back where Simon, shirtless and not entire ungreasy himself, is wrenching a bolt into place above hi head. A moment looking at him and she can't help herself she slides her arms around his chest...
172) 0) text: Kaylee and Simon are just making out like fiends, work completely forgotten. With nothing resembling elegant precision, they sink out of frame to the floor.
175) 0) text: Mal comes in and runs into Inara. Jayne passes through as they talk, heading down into his bunk. Pays them no mind. Neither do Simon and Kaylee, in the dining room stowing supplies.