4) 0) text: It's small, 15 feet by 15 feet. Goes a long way up and a long way down. One wide hinged window looks in on the hal inside. Simon and River approach with quiet haste. They slip through the window. Simon shuts it, wedges his baton into the handle as the SECURITY AGENTS APPROACH. Th fire at the glass, but their lasers have no effect. Wind whips River's hair about as she looks up to see a sm patch of daylight visible ten stories up. Sees the sky blotted out by a small ship that hovers above them.
5) 10) text: Remarkable children. Doctor Mathias storms in, two security men (not the ones the opening) and a nervous young female intern following. Mathias looks greyer and more gaunt than when we saw him
6) 0) text: We move away from the ship. The name is on the nose, unde the bridge. It sticks out from the body of the ship like craning neck. The body is bulbous, with propulsion engine on either side and a giant glowing back. There are two sm shuttles tucked in over the 'wings' of the engines. It's the sleekest ship in the 'verse, to be sure. As it hits atmo, the propulsion engines take over and she starts to rock a bit, noise filling our ears. Camera come around the front, at the windows and into the bridge, to the Captain, MALCOLM 'MAL' REYNOLDS, standing and watchin At that moment, a small piece of the nose breaks off and flying past the window.
7) 0) text: [Note: the following sequence will take us through the sh in one extended STEADICAM shot.] The bridge is small: two pilot seats on either side, and tangle of wires and machinery all about. Mal wears the knee-length brown coat and boots of an old Independent. Gun at his hip. He's not unlike the ship -- he's seen a bit of the world and it left him, emotionally least, weathered. Right now, though, he's mostly startled
7) 1) dialog: What was that? He's addressing the pilot, WASH. Flight gear and a hawaii shirt, toy dinosaurs populating his station -- no old soldier, but just as startled.
7) 3) dialog: Was that the primary buffer panel?
7) 11) dialog: Did the Primary Buffer Panel just fall off my gorramn ship for no apparent reason? Another buck --
7) 13) dialog: I thought Kaylee checked our entry couplings! I have a very clear memory of it --
7) 15) dialog: Define "Interesting".
7) 18) dialog: (hits the com) This is the Captain. There's a little problem with our entry sequence; we may experience slight turbulence and then explode. (to Wash, exiting) Can you shave the vector --
7) 20) dialog: Just get us on the ground!
8) 0) text: The camera leads Mal down. On either side of the hall are ladders leading down to crew's personal quarters. The hulking mercenary JAYNE is coming up out of his bunk Mal passes. He carries a number of rifles and grenades.
8) 2) dialog: Jayne, how many weapons you plan on bringing? You only got the two arms...
8) 4) dialog: I don't plan on any shooting taking place during this job.
8) 6) dialog: No grenades. (Jayne groans) No grenades. First Mate ZOE enters from the lower level. Her mode of dress and military deference mark her as a war buddy of M
8) 8) dialog: Talk to your husband. Is the mule prepped?
9) 0) text: It's the communal space of the ship, homey and messy. The is food left lying on the table. Mal swipes a dumpling fr a plate, pops it in his mouth as another jolt rocks him a sends most of the tableware clattering to the floor.
9) 1) dialog: (calling out) Kaylee! He enters:
10) 1) dialog: (still calling) Kaylee, what in the sphincter of hell are you playing at? The hall leads to the rust-brown chaos that is the engine room. Working around the engine in a forest of wires, spa and smoke is the sweetly pretty mechanic, KAYLEE. She pas Mal with a slightly impatient smile as he stands in the doorway, raising his voice above the din.
10) 2) dialog: (CONTINUING)
10) 5) dialog: You told me -- (JOLT)
10) 9) dialog: My ship don't crash. If she crashes, you crashed her.
10) 15) dialog: (CONTINUING)
10) 17) dialog: (CONTINUING)
10) 20) dialog: Fear is nothing to be ashamed of, Doc.
10) 22) dialog: (LAUGHS)
10) 25) dialog: I'll look for that next time.
10) 27) dialog: (brushing past him) No no, that's not a thing I'm interested in talking over with --
10) 34) dialog: (turning back) I hear the words "that's final" come out of your mouth ever again, they truly will be. (turning away again) This is my boat. Y'all are guests on it. He heads down a side corridor that has steps leading down
11) 2) dialog: And it's time your little sister learned from your fine example.
11) 4) dialog: Some of our jobs are trickier than others --
11) 6) dialog: Didn't say 'want'. Said 'will'. It's one job, Doc. She'll be fine. The passenger dorm has a time-worn warmth that most of th ship shares. Except, of course, for the sterile blue of:
12) 8) dialog: She's a reader. Sees into the truth of things; might see trouble before it's coming. Which is of use to me.
12) 10) dialog: (LAUGHS)
12) 11) text: Honestly, doctor, I think we may really crash this time anyway. Simon jabs the inoculation needle into Mal's arm.
12) 13) dialog: I do, and it's a fact me and mine have been courteous enough to keep to our own selves.
12) 15) dialog: I got one purpose here: keep this boat in the air. I take the jobs I get -- which is less and less, case you ain't been keeping track. He starts away, Simon still keeping pace.
12) 16) dialog: (CONTINUING)
13) 1) dialog: So here is us, on the raggedy edge. Don't push me and I won't push you.  Simon starts up the stairs as Mal calls to him:
13) 2) dialog: (CONTINUING)
13) 3) text: Things get gritty I will keep her from the fray, but she's coming. Best you get her ready. As Mal walks on, we tilt up to see the Mule, a four-man hovercraft hanging from chains near the ceiling. Jayne an Zoe are tossing duffle bags into it.
13) 4) dialog: (CONTINUING)
15) 9) dialog: If Fanty and Mingo are right about the payroll, this could look to be a sunny day for us.
15) 12) dialog: Doctor, I'm taking your sister under my protection here. If anything happens to her, anything at all, I swear to you I will get very choked up. Honestly. There could be tears. He peels out, leaves Simon fuming. Kaylee sidles up to hi
17) 2) dialog: Alliance payroll. There's peace enforcing squads stationed all about this quadrant. Can't use credits out here -- they got to pay their boys in cashy money. Which once a month rests here.
17) 5) dialog: You ready to go to work, darlin'?
17) 7) dialog: (never mind) Right. Great. Let's go.
18) 7) dialog: Hands and knees and heads bowed down! Everybody, now! Two men who appear to be farm folk rush Mal and the other Mal draws on the elder one and he stops dead in his track Mal's gun is long, not unlike Civil War era issue, but ve much new in design. The other tries to tackle Jayne, which is not necessarily great idea. Jayne clotheslines him so hard he spins right upside-down -- and Jayne grabs him by the legs and CRACK! bounces his head right off the floor, knocking him out co
18) 8) dialog: (CONTINUING)
18) 9) text: Y'all wanna be looking very intently at your own belly buttons. I see a head start to rise, violence is gonna ensue. The guy who rushed Mal complies along with everyone else. Jayne dumps his catch on the floor and rips open his dirt shirt to reveal the purple of an Alliance uniform.
18) 11) dialog: You've probably guessed we mean to be thieving here, but what we are after is not yours. So let's have no undue fussing. As he is speaking, Jayne is scrambling to the back office finding the small vault locked. 1410
18) 20) dialog: (in Chinese) 140  The old man punches in the code. What opens is a tiny wal safe. Bundles of bills, some scattered coin. Unimpressive Jayne and Zoe are behind the captain, peering in.
18) 22) dialog: Is there a fed down there? Be truthful.
18) 31) dialog: War's long done. We're all just folk now. (calls down) Listen up! We are coming down to empty that vault! The voice of a young Alliance GUARD comes up from below.
18) 34) text: Okay... Mal looks at Zoe and they head down into:
23) 0) text: Zoe is hauling out the last of five bags as Mal talks to guard, holding his gun at him:
23) 1) dialog: Leg's good, it'll bleed plenty and we avoid any necessary organs...
23) 3) dialog: Well you don't want it to look like you just gave up...
23) 5) dialog: 
23) 6) dialog: (to himself) Every heist, he's gotta start yelling my name --
23) 8) dialog: (to Zoe and Jayne) Get on the mule. (to the guard, pointing to the
23) 17) dialog: You get everyone upstairs in there and you seal it. Long as you got air you don't open up, you understand?
23) 19) dialog: 
24) 0) text: The doors burst open, Jayne and Zoe coming out first, Mal behind with River in hand. She is freaked, in her own spa Jayne and Zoe throw the bags on --
24) 1) dialog: Zoe take the wheel --
24) 4) dialog: Get in the vault with the others --
24) 6) dialog: It's too many. Drive, Zoe. A Reaver craft ROARS over their heads. It's nearly the si of Serenity. Torn apart, belching smoke -- a welded conglomeration of ruined ships, painted for war. Predator pure. It disappears over the rooftops.
24) 14) dialog: Drive! Zoe's face is set with unhappy determination as she floor it, shooting out and leaving the young man in the dust. As they move from him, four Reavers jump out of the shado and grab the young man. Mal unhesitatingly draws his gun. He nudges a lever with his thumb and a cartridge pops bac Mal fires twice. The young man takes both bullets in the chest, slumps down dead.
25) 2) dialog: They wanna run us down. The up- close kill. River is squashed down on her back, being very small.
29) 0) text: Zoe gets the mule in front but a harpoon thwinngs through air from the skiff and S} NK! Goes through Jayne's leg.. harpoon grips the leg and pulls -- Jayne goes flying off the back of the Mule, Mal just grab him as the harpoon line reels slowly tighter --
29) 1) dialog: Grab on! Jayne grabs the Mule, legs dangling, pulled out between t two vessels as Mal slams a new cartridge into his pistol.
30) 0) text: Serenity rushes across the desert floor, not much higher it than the smaller crafts.
36) 0) text: A flaming portion of the top flies in, skids to the floor small fires erupt from the mule as well -- Simon pulls a lever and jets of C02 shoot out of the floor. Simon hits the button to start the outer ramp closing, th runs to the mule. The C02 stops and he finds River sittin in her seat, completely unharmed. Zoe is climbing painful out of the other seat, Mal and Jayne both having been thr
36) 4) dialog: Is he okay? A bloodied Reaver POPS into frame from under the skiff-to He lunges for Mal, baring sharpened teeth -- Mal spins and draws, fires into his belly as Jayne and Zo both fire at the same time. The freak takes too long to g down, but down he goes. Dies sitting against the s i op. 4 Everybody takes a moment to look at each other.
38) 1) dialog: Set course for Beaumonde. (to the others) First thing, I want these bod -- Simon suddenly punches him in the face, causing Mal to stumble back, and Simon to shake his hand in pain.
38) 2) dialog: (CONTINUING)
38) 5) dialog: I'm a hair's breadth from riddling you with holes, Doctor --
38) 7) dialog: She IS fine! Except for bein' still crazy, she's the picture of health!
38) 16) dialog: Seems I remember a talk about you giving orders on my boat.
38) 19) dialog: No, shiny! I'm sick a' carrying tourists anyhow. We'll be on Beaumonde in ten hours time, you can pick up your earnings and be on your merry. Meantime you do your job. Patch up my crew. A beat.
39) 0) text: Mal and Zoe enter from below.
39) 2) dialog: Doc made his call. They's as babes in a basket when we took 'em in; we sheltered 'em plenty. Man has to cut loose, learn to stand on his own.
39) 4) dialog: I had to shoot him. What the Reavers woulda done to him before they killed him...
39) 12) dialog: We couldn't take the weight. Woulda slowed us down.
39) 14) dialog: Mule won't run with five. I shoulda dumped the girl? Or you? Or Jayne? (CONSIDERING)
39) 17) dialog: And go to Fanty and Mingo with air in our mitts, tell 'em "here's your share"? They'd set the dogs on us in the space of a twitch, and there we are back in mortal peril. We get a job, we gotta vo make good. Washenters from the bridge.
39) 19) dialog: Maybe that's why we lost. She's not happy with the reply. Mal climbs down to his ro as Wash reaches Zoe, slides his arms around her.
40) 0) text: Once alone, Mal lets his own disappointment show. He pull off his holster and drops it over a chair. Kicks the toil closed and sits on his bunk. The place resembles a submarine cabin, with charts and clutter, ancient maps on the walls.
47) 7) dialog: It's not my fault the Doc's got no stomach for Rim living --
47) 9) dialog: What? Swept you into his cleanly arms? Made tidy love to you? They have reached the guncheck, where Jayne and Wash have already checked their guns. It works like a lunch automat Mal sticks his gun in a drawer, pulls out a chit -- the q0 drawer closes and rotates, revealing another empty one large bouncer with a shockrod watches impassively.
47) 19) dialog: Oh god! I can't know that!
47) 22) dialog: (ENOUGH)
47) 29) dialog: (greets them each) Mingo. Fanty. 14
47) 37) dialog: He's Fanty. You're Mingo.
47) 39) dialog: Fanty's prettier. (pulling out a chair) Feel to do some business?
47) 41) dialog: Which means at least four of the guys already in here are yours. All's one. I'll just keep Jayne with me.
47) 43) dialog: Go. Go get yourselves a nice romantic meal.
47) 45) dialog: (to Zoe) It's business. We're fine. They leave and the four remaining men sit. Fanty tosses a few coins to a saloon-girl, who does a little fan-dance.. ANGLE: THE CORVUE CAMERA'S POV of the men is conveniently blocked by her little dance. Mal's foot nudges a duffel bag of money to Mingo's foot.
47) 52) dialog: Yeah, they're a fine bunch of ruebens.
47) 55) dialog: So I'm noticing. Is there a problem I don't know of? You got 25% of a sweet take kissing your foot, how come we're not dispersing?
47) 61) text: You're unlikable, Mal. You got no respect for us above you, you got enemies in every quadrant, and your ship's older than the starting point of time. You's charity cases to such as us.
47) 67) dialog: Well here's a foul thought. I conjured you two were incompetent; sent us out not knowing there were V0 Reavers about. Now I'm thinking you picked us out because you did.
47) 83) dialog: River...
47) 86) text: Gorrammit, girl, it's me! She grabs his crotch and squeezes -- his grip loosens and spins, facing him, and flat-heels his nose with her palm, V0 twirling into a gut kick that doubles him over, dispat of another while she cracks Jayne's head with a small tab Somebody pulls a gun and she snaps his elbow, causing him scream out even before he shoots himself in the gut -- Mal frantically wrests a gun from the vending locker as R knocks the other guy's gun in the air, kicks someone else then catches it, whips it around just as Mal comes up wit his, they are pointed right at each other --
47) 88) dialog: I think maybe we ought to leave. 10
49) 5) text: Crossref. Malcolm Reynolds. Serenity. He looks over at the Ensign with a small, strange smile o his lips -- as his glasses are covered by text.
50) 0) text: River is still asleep, Mal finishing chaining her wrists. She lies on her side, breathing evenly. Mal stares at her a moment, then:
51) 2) dialog: She's still napping just now. And I believe you've got some storytelling to do. 4
51) 11) dialog: (NODDING)
51) 15) dialog: It's likely. I know she meant to Ad kill me 'fore the Doc put her to sleep, which how exactly does that work anyhow?
51) 27) dialog: "In case something happened."
51) 29) dialog: You feel to elaborate on what that something might be? I mean they taught you that fancy safeword, they must've figured she was gonna, what -- start uncontrollably crocheting?
51) 31) dialog: And you never did ask. Mal grabs him and throws him against the wall, in his fac
51) 32) dialog: (CONTINUING)
51) 35) dialog: My ship. My crewi You had a gorramn timebomb living with us!
53) 1) dialog: What if she went off in the middle woo of dinner, or in bunk with Kaylee, did that give you a moment's pause? Simon looks at Kaylee, the truth of Mal's words hitting h
54) 0) text: River mouths the next words right along with Mal:
55) 1) dialog: It's crossed my mind.
58) 11) dialog: What about this? Did this make the... puppet theatre?
58) 13) dialog: You can do that?
58) 23) dialog: Can you go back? See if anybody spoke with her 'fore she acted up, -40 made any kind of contact with her... Mr Universe works the screen. The image rewinds and stops River coming up to it, looking at it. She whispers the wo "Miranda", and starts to move away.
58) 24) dialog: (CONTINUING)
58) 27) dialog: Um... please? Mr Universe has a third screen showing the commercial as (NON-MATRIXY)
58) 32) dialog: Subliminal. It's a subliminal message broadwaved to trigger her.
58) 34) text: I been seeing this code pop up all over, last few weeks. And I cannot crack it. It's Alliance and it's high military, so here then is the bad. Someone has gone to enormous trouble to find your little friend. And found her they have. Mal, Zoe and Wash look at each other. 40
63) 0) text: Mal approaches Book on the edge of a rise overlooking the town. Mal has a bowl and chopsticks. Book is finishing:
63) 3) dialog: Hope that ain't for me, Shepherd.
63) 5) dialog: Then I really hope it ain't for me.
63) 7) dialog: Weren't River that did it, you know that. Somebody decided her brain was just another piece of property to take, fenced it right Vd up.
63) 9) dialog: Hiding ain't a plan?
63) 11) dialog: .but they'll be coming. Alliance is after this girl with a powerful will. I look to hear the tromp of their boots any moment.
63) 19) dialog: I coulda left her there.
64) 1) dialog: I had an out -- hell, I had every reason in the 'verse to leave her lay and haul anchor.
65) 5) dialog: You just think that 'cause my eyes is all sorrowful and pretty.
65) 7) dialog: Sermons make me sleepy, Shepherd. I ain't looking for help from on high. That's a long wait for a train don't come. 1490
67) 2) dialog: It's of interest to me how much you seem to know about that world.
67) 4) dialog: Have to tell me about that some time.
67) 7) text: Sideways. Mal watches him go, thinking. 40
70) 0) text: Mal does too, shirtless on his bunk.
70) 1) dialog: Whuh huh nuhwhat?
70) 8) dialog: Inara. REVERSE ON: Inara on Mal's screen. We see her from about chest level up. She, presumably, sees the same.
70) 10) text: Mal. I uh, is this a bad time
70) 11) dialog: Good as any.
70) 13) dialog: (slight grin) Naked as the day I come cryin'. How's your world?
70) 15) dialog: Still at the Training House?
70) 17) dialog: I remember it as nice enough. picturesque.
70) 19) dialog: 
71) 0) text: watching both Mal and Inara on two Zoe and Wash are secretly at their formal shyness. different screens, smiling Jayne enters, wondering what's up...
72) 2) dialog: You could use a gun hand?
72) 4) dialog: Payment is never not a factor. I could sound out the crew... This pot like to boil over soon?
72) 6) dialog: Well, it would be, I mean I would like to... Kaylee's been missing you something fierce --
74) 2) dialog: Yeah, you left a... got some of your stuff in a trunk, never did get a chance to drop it off.
74) 4) dialog: I didn't look through the... stuff... just sundries I expect.
74) 9) dialog: (CONTINUING)
75) 0) text: Mal comes up in, buttoning his shirt.
75) 3) dialog: Trap.
75) 6) dialog: If that's the case, then Inara's already caught in it. She wouldn't set us up willing. Might be we got a shot at seeing who's turning these wheels. We go in.
75) 8) dialog: Y'all were watching, I take it. Guilty glances. 4
75) 14) dialog: 140 You see us fight?
75) 16) dialog: Trap.
77) 2) dialog: They're about. Find us a home. I'll take the shuttle in closer. Zoe, ship is yours. 4dO He starts out, turns back to Zoe.
77) 3) dialog: (CONTINUING)
77) 6) dialog: (EXITING)
80) 1) dialog: Dear Buddha, please send me a pony, and a plastic rocket, and --
80) 3) dialog: You invited me.
80) 5) dialog: Well that makes you kind of a tease, doesn't it?
80) 7) dialog: Which led me to the conclusion that you must be in some trouble.
80) 9) dialog: For a woman schooled in telling men what they wanna hear, you ain't much of a liar.
80) 18) dialog: (STANDING)
80) 21) dialog: What are you doing?
80) 24) dialog: Speak your piece.
80) 26) dialog: She is a mite unpredictable. Mood swings, of a sort.
80) 28) dialog: It usually is.
80) 35) dialog: Way I remember it, albatross was a ship's good luck... til some idiot killed it. (to Inara) Yes, I've read a poem. Try not to faint. The Operative moves further into the room. Whenever he moves, Mal counters.
80) 37) dialog: You really don't.
80) 39) dialog: I got no need to beat you. I just wanna go my way.
80) 41) dialog: All I gotta do is let you take one more thing away from me. I've had a lot of things taken in my time. And it may just be that this is one too many.
80) 43) dialog: Well I'm a whimsical soul.
80) 50) dialog: I got no notion that I'm being heroical at all. Any more than I think you're really just a harmless bureaucrat come to help me out. You move like a killer. The Operative is stopped by this. Unhappily, he continues
80) 52) dialog: You do that, best make peace with your dear and fluffy lord.
80) 54) dialog: Advice from an old tracker: you J wanna find someone, use your eyes.
80) 56) dialog: Oh, a jack-rabbit, me. 'Sides, I never credited the Alliance with an over-abundance of brains. And if you're the best they got...
80) 65) dialog: Why is it that the greater scheme always makes everything not that great?
80) 67) dialog: Great! He draws and shoots the Operative in the chest. The Operative goes down as Mal grabs Inara, moves for the-doo The Operative is on him in a second, choke-hold from behi
80) 69) dialog: No back up? We're making an awful ruckus...
80) 71) dialog: I'd start whistling.
81) 0) text: Inara leads Mal (who is reholstering his gun) down some s and along a corridor. The sound is still tinny and weird.
81) 1) dialog: .I had him...
81) 3) dialog: (deafly loud) I think that I was winning! 4
82) 0) text: Mal and Inara move quickly down the mountain. They look t see that Mal's shuttle has four Alliance guards waiting b V0 it. Mal ducks back out of sight, pulls a fancy-looking grenade out of his pocket. Pops the top and hurls it over the foursome. CLOSE ON: THE GRENADE, as a series of bars of light go ou one by one, counting down --
83) 2) dialog: 4 You sure you remember how it -- He nearly falls over as:
85) 0) text: Inara stares straight ahead, relaxing her grip on the controls. Mal is gone.
85) 2) dialog: (in great pain) I'm fine...
89) 0) text: Her POV is of the lab. There stand some five older men in formal dress. They stare at her, impassive. We see flashes of corpses, lying in houses, in city streets -- and a Reaver's screaming face -- .00
91) 2) dialog: He didn't beat me up --
93) 12) dialog: (looking at Simon) Give the two of them up. Go my way.
93) 14) dialog: Cutting them loose ain't the same as handing them over.
93) 18) dialog: Don't know who or what, but it's on River's mind. Conjure it might be the reason he's after her.
95) 1) dialog: Look, we get back to Haven in a 'r/ few hours time --
95) 3) dialog: You wanna run this ship?
95) 5) dialog: (small beat) Well you can't!
95) 7) dialog: I didn't start this.
95) 16) dialog: Are you telling me that because you think I don't know --
95) 18) dialog: I came looking for you.
95) 20) dialog: I start fighting a war I guarantee you'll see something new.
96) 7) dialog: (TURNING)
96) 11) dialog: But you fog things up. You always have -- you spin me about. I wish like hell you was elsewhere.
98) 0) text: The crew enters, drawn by the shots. Mal is first -- can' open the door. Looks in to see an unconscious Jayne...
98) 1) dialog: The other way! Find her and-do not engage! Everyone piles out the other way. Simon remains, to look the window. 10
99) 0) text: Mal is throwing his shoulder against the bolted door to t upstairs. He gives up, looking around.
99) 3) dialog: Check the shuttles. She coulda 40 snuck in. He pops the panel off and starts wriggling in among the w
100) 0) text: A floor panel hinges open, Mal pulling himself up. He mov quietly to the bridge, gun drawn. He enters to find River frantically punching up coordinat on a big Cortex screen she's pulled out by the copilot's seat. She whips Jayne's gun at his face, never looking at him. A moment, and Mal lowers his own gun.
100) 1) dialog: The government's man, he says you're a danger to us. Not worth helping. Is he right? Are you anything but a weapon? I've staked my crew's life on the a - person-,-- - actual and whole, and if I'm wrong you'd best shoot me now. (she cocks the gun) Or we could talk more... 40
101) 2) dialog: Because there isn't one. It's a blackrock. Uninhabitable. Terraforming didn't hold, or somesuch. Few settlers died.
101) 7) dialog: Half of writing history is hiding the truth. There's something on this rock the Alliance doesn't want known.
103) 0) text: We see Mal's face as the sight hits him like a gut-punch.
104) 2) dialog: (to Jayne) Get the Doc. He moves to the Shepherd, grabs his searching hand.
104) 3) dialog: (CONTINUING)
104) 6) dialog: Shouldn't've been you. I'm so sorry, it was... they should've hit us. They should've hit me.
104) 9) dialog: I seen.
104) 16) dialog: You did what's right.
104) 18) dialog: Doc'll bring you round. I look to be bored by many more sermons 'fore you slip -- don't move --
104) 20) dialog: Yes you are. Book coughs up blood, grabbing Mal. Urgent, almost angry.
104) 22) dialog: Come on, keep it up -- Book grabs Mal's face, talks as though replying to someth
105) 0) text: Silence. Every Cortex screen is on, each looking at a different pl Every one shows fire, destruction or the snow of an interrupted signal. Mal stands alone amidst the screens, saying nothing. Afte a long moment, all of the screens hitch, the images repla by identical images of the Operative. He looks solemn.
105) 2) dialog: Don't talk at me like a righteous man. You are a killer of children.
105) 4) dialog: So me and mine got to lie down and
105) 12) dialog: Why? Do you know why?
105) 14) dialog: You will never see River Tam. I'm telling you this.
105) 16) dialog: She ain't buckled yet. And the 40 only reason you're talking such a lot is you can't get a fix on us.
105) 18) dialog: Nobody -- ever -- calls me noble.
105) 20) dialog: Only- many-I-know-who still --bel i-eved- in sin just died by your hand.
105) 27) dialog: Not a solitary thing.
105) 30) text: But then, maybe you're not that far from -- Mal flicks a switch and every screen goes dark.
106) 0) text: Mal comes striding out, where the crew have been gatherin bodies, laying blankets over them.
106) 1) dialog: Get these bodies together.
106) 3) dialog: Zoe, you and Simon are gonna rope V0 'em together. Five or six of 'em. I want them laid out on the nose of our ship.
106) 6) dialog: Kaylee, I need you to muck the reactor core, just enough to leave a trail and make it read like we're flying without containment, not enough to fry us.
106) 8) dialog: Kaylee, you got a day's work to do and two hours to do it. (MORE)
106) 19) dialog: I mean to live. I mean for us to live. The Alliance won't have that, so we go where they won't follow.
106) 32) dialog: This is how it works. Anybody doesn't wanna fly with me anymore, this is your port of harbour. There's a lot of fine ways to die. I'm not waiting for the Alliance to choose mine. He walks through the group, toward the smashed cockpit of Alliance fighter. Struggling to get out is the badly woun pilot. He sees Mal coming and raises his hands in surrend Mal shoots him in the head, turns back.
106) 33) dialog: (CONTINUING)
106) 35) dialog: (CONTINUING)
107) 0) text: CLOSE ON THE BODIES as they BURN, flames passing over the and suddenly flickering out as dark falls. They are patch of leathered flesh stretched over bone -- monsters, screa soundlessly in the nothing of space. We arm past them to the windows of the bridge, looking in Mal, watching, with Zoe behind and Wash at the helm. And we pull back out to see the whole of Serenity for the first time: It is hardly recognizable. Charred corpses on the nose, Cannon atop with a space-suited corpse draped within, long scars, welded-on parts and war paint... the trail of green light burns out with sporadic bursts of va It looks, for all the world, like a Reaver ship.
108) 0) text: Mal comes down the stairs to the catwalk. He hesitates, t steps into the shuttle. ГЇВїВЅMo
109) 0) text: It's dark in here. Mal stands with his back to the door, light on his face, shaking. Not crying, but overcome.
109) 3) dialog: Didn't see you.
109) 5) dialog: Anything of use in there?
109) 7) dialog: You don't have to stay in the shuttle, you know. There's empty rooms, if you wanna sleep awhile.
109) 9) dialog: Cheerful fellow. (looking around) Did you really miss this place?
109) 11) dialog: Why did you leave? Site does lo9}E-at-- t -m-
109) 18) dialog: I, uh, I'd better go check on the VW crew. See how the inevitable mutiny is coming along. They both want to say more. They don't. He goes.
113) 0) text: And arrive, moving slowly through the ranks of ships. Serenity passes a large, bizarrely shaped ship. It turns, though watching her. But lets her pass. Another minute, and Serenity is through the Armada, heade for the small planet just beyond.
115) 3) dialog: Nothing at all?
115) 5) dialog: Find it.
116) 3) dialog: Well something sure as hell ain't right... WIDER ANGLE: They're in a CITY. Gleaming metal, spread ou for miles in every direction. Portions decimated by fires long since cold, others overgrown with weeds, but mostly intact. But silent, as if trapped in amber.
116) 12) dialog: Beacon's up ahead.
117) 0) text: Out of their suits now, Mal, Zoe and Jayne take point as entire crew walks along the street, looking about them.
117) 2) text: Face-down on the ground, clothes tattered. She examines i as Mal approaches, waving the others back.
117) 5) dialog: Poison?
117) 18) dialog: Place must've gone hermetic when the power blew. Sealed 'em.
117) 21) dialog: There's gasses that kill painless, right?
117) 24) dialog: Anybody want to bet there's plenty of food around?
118) 0) text: It's small -- landing is easier in cities with flying vehicles. At the end of a short runway, tipped and damage is an Alliance Research Vessel. The gang makes its way towards it.
119) 0) text: It's a mess, doors pried open, signs of violence but no bodies. The gang walks through it, looking around. River pulls away from Simon, suddenly determined. She approaches a console, and a small cylindrical object. She turns it slightly -- A hologram squawks to life amidst them all. First we see images that resemble the flashes from River's mind: Corps everywhere. We hear and then see DOCTOR CARON standing exactly where she was when she recorded this message... (As she speaks, we see angles of everyone watching, takin in.. River silently mouths every word.) ,two
119) 22) text: Turn it off. Wash does, nobody saying anything. 10 Mal walks outside.
120) 1) dialog: I seen so much death... I been on fields carpeted with bodies, friends and enemies -- I seen men and women blown to messes no further from me than you.
120) 3) dialog: But every single one of those people died on their feet. Fighting. (MORE)
122) 0) text: The cylinder is on the table. Mal stands at the head, looking at his crew.
122) 1) dialog: This report is maybe twelve years old. Parliament buried it, and it stayed buried til River dug it up. This is what they feared she knew. And they were right to fear, 'cause there's a universe of folk that are gonna know it too. (touches the cylinder) They're gonna see it. Somebody has to speak for these people. He pauses. Everyone waits.
122) 8) dialog: (CONTINUING)
122) 11) dialog: That the same grandma told you 4 there was an evil dwarf spirit living in your well?
122) 15) dialog: Mr Universe. We haven't the equipment to broadwave this code, but he can put it on every screen for thirty worlds. He's pretty damn close, too.
122) 24) dialog: No. He takes a long moment, his jaw tightening imperceptibly.
122) 25) dialog: (CONTINUING)
124) 0) text: He's talking with Mal and Wash again, very animated.
124) 2) dialog: We won't be long.
124) 4) dialog: You'll let us know if anyone else comes at you?
125) 0) text: We are amongst the Reaver armada. Serenity slices quietly through the ships, as we come around and see Miranda rece in the distance. Serenity drifts through the armada -- and suddenly anothe ship fires up, running next to her... The two ships pace each other, another vessel coming abou though staring at Serenity, who comes closer and closer t frame, till we see the suited corpse draped on the cannon It suddenly moves: it's Mal. He swings the cannon round and fires at the ship pacing t It BLOWS, fragmenting into burning bits that spiral into other ships, causing two smaller ones to blow as well. Mal swings around and fires at another ship.
133) 0) text: Mal is back on the bridge as we look out at the upside do Alliance fleet, missiles just passing us --
133) 1) dialog: We're too close for them to arm --
133) 9) text: Hey look, we're upside down. V0 Zoe and Mal shoot a look at Jayne.
135) 0) text: Mal looks out at the chaos...
135) 1) dialog: Chickens come home to roost... They are suddenly JOLTED by a glancing blow from another ship -- Wash struggles to control her --
135) 2) dialog: (CONTINUING)
135) 6) dialog: (also panicky) What does that mean? 4
142) 1) dialog: Where's the back up? Where's the back up? He and Wash are frantically flipping buttons -- the ship whirs to a semblance of life - -
142) 11) dialog: (on the com) Everybody to the upper decks! Strap yourselves to something!
147) 9) text: Wash baby baby no, come on, you gotta move you gotta move baby VW please -- Mal rips her away and to the floor as another projectile slams through the window into the wall above them.
149) 2) dialog: Head inside!
150) 0) text: A small double-sized doorway leads to the "Black Room", w is the entrance proper to the facility. Mal hits a button and huge, thick, blast doors open from sides AND the top and bottom, creating the effect of a sq hole getting bigger. The hall itself is smaller than the black room, but still has the arrows on the ceiling, that point to an elevator some fifty feet away.
150) 1) dialog: Come on. Jayne, rearguard. Zoe slows, looking around her.
150) 3) dialog: We all stay together -- 44
150) 10) dialog: Then shut 'em and hide til --
150) 16) dialog: Tell me you brought 'em this time... Jayne smiles grimly, tosses Mal a grenade as he pops his and fastballs it at the Reavers.
150) 24) dialog: (continuing; moving back to Zoe) Zoe... are you here? She looks up at him.
150) 26) dialog: You hold. Hold till I'm back. He takes off -- passes Inara, the two of them holding a l for as long as they can. Then he's in the elevator and go Jayne moves over to Zoe. 10
151) 0) text: The elevator stops and Mal makes his way to the island of screens and machines in the center of the space. The first thing he takes in is that every broadwave port been destroyed. The second: 1
151) 9) text: Guy killed me, Mal. He killed me with a sword. How weird is that? I got... a short span here... they destroyed my equipment but I have a back-up unit... bottom of the complex, right over the generator. Hard to get to. I know they missed it. They can't stop the signal, Mal. They can never stop the signal. (BEAT)
153) 2) dialog: (The Operative turns) Guy killed me, Mal.
154) 0) text: Mal has reached it and surveys the situation. Before him is a railing, and he can look down on the generator shaft. It's miles deep, with machines rotating grinding, and arcs of electricity ricochetting around it. On the other side is a platform, with the broadwave conso sitting behind a clear plastic partition. Cables and chai run along the ceiling, around a series of ladder rungs.
154) 1) dialog: Hard to get to. That's a fact.
156) 0) text: Mal is on the railing, reaching for the 'rungs' on the ceiling just above him. He can almost get them -- one wro move and he pitches into the jaws of death... A laser shot nails him in the lower back -- he arches, le sliding off the rail -- he falls and hits the rail with t backs of his legs, flipping painfully onto his face as he falls, mercifully, back onto the platform. The Operative comes around some equipment for a closer sh as Mal gets shakily up.
156) 1) dialog: (in pain) Shot me in the back. I haven't... made you angry, have I? I s
156) 3) dialog: You have no idea how true that is. There's no wise-ass attitude in him now. They stand, faci off at ten paces.
156) 4) dialog: (CONTINUING)
156) 7) dialog: I do. 4
156) 14) dialog: 
156) 16) dialog: (CONTINUING)
156) 17) text: Of course, that ain't exactly plan A.. He drops out his cartridge and slams another in. The Operative hides behind some machinery. Tries to peek at Mal -- and more shots send him scrambling back to cove Mal holsters his gun and jumps for the rung above him, st going hand over hand to the island, moving as fast as he The Operative sees his moment, dives for his gun -- but i been ruined by Mal's shot. He looks over at Mal with deat in his eyes. He runs at the railing, vaults off it, and grabs a chain -- it snaps and he swings, grabbing another He reaches Mal and double kicks him from behind -- Mal fl 4 off the rung but grabs a chain -- he tries to kick at t Operative, but the guy is frikkin' Tarzan, he climbs up a pulls a lever releasing one end of Mal's chain -- Mal goe swinging, smacks into the wall six feet below the platfor He scrambles up just as the Operative swings himself towa the platform from above.
158) 0) text: Mal gets up the chain to the platform. The Operative is o Mal before he gets his footing, tackles him as Mal's gun skittering over the edge into oblivion. There is a railin here or Mal would go over as well -- but he comes back wi a couple of hammer blows, gets the Operative off him. They square off, Mal stumbling back into a tool chest, knocking over tools and computer parts. The Operative reaches behind him and pulls his sword gracefully from the holster under his jacket. Mal produces his weapon: a tiny screwdriver. He hurls a toolbox at the Operative and rushes him, gets inside sword range and tries for the neck with the screwdriver -- the Operative blocks it and works the swor point against the edge of Mal's stomach. Starts pushing slowly, despite Mal's resistance, and breaks skin.
158) 8) dialog: (shaky smile) Aw hell, I'm a fan of all seven. He headbutts the Operative viciously, then punches him so hard he staggers back, losing his grip on the sword. The Operative responds with a spin kick -- Mal holds up the screwdriver and the Operative swings his foot right into gasping as Mal pulls the screwdriver -- and leg it's stuc in -- back as he rockets his fist into the Operative's ch The Operative goes down hard, dazed, as Mal grabs the swo still in his belly.
158) 9) dialog: (CONTINUING)
158) 11) dialog: (CONTINUING)
158) 12) text: vao I'm gonna have to go with Wrath. He stabs down at his foe's face -- but the Operative roll out of the way, kicks Mal from the ground and is up in a second, grabbing Mal's sword hand -- the sword drops -- a punching him repeatedly in his stomach wound.
160) 0) text: Mal goes down hard, spitting up blood. He sees the sword, moves -- but the Operative kicks him in the face. Picks h lod up, Mal too tired to throw a decent punch.
160) 3) text: You should know there's no shame in this. You've done remarkable things. But you're fighting a war you've already lost. He lunges -- and Mal twists gracefully out of the way, grabbing the Operative's swordhand and pulling it forward while driving his elbow into the Operative's neck with staggering force.
160) 4) dialog: Iwo Well, I'm known for that. The Operative drops the blade, mouth open, stumbling back unable to make a sound. Mal spins him, grabbing both his arms and working his own through them in a twisted full nelson -- then bringing hi arms up suddenly, the Operative's mouth going wider as we hear his arms crack. Mal drops him sitting against the railing, picks up his sword, saying:
160) 5) dialog: (CONTINUING)
160) 13) dialog: (CONTINUING)
160) 15) dialog: (CONTINUING)
160) 17) dialog: (CONTINUING)
160) 19) dialog: (CONTINUING)
161) 0) text: CLOSE ON: A Reaver in EXTREME SLOW MOTION. Face full of fury, he is swinging his blade in a frenzy of hate. And a small hand smashes that face so hard that teeth fly the Reaver clearing frame to reveal: 4
163) 0) text: The gang is still trying to patch themselves together whe the elevator doors open. Mal staggers out, holding his bleeding side.
163) 2) dialog: It's done. Report? Zoe looks at the badly wounded Simon, is about to give a report -- and the doors start to open behind her. Everyone turns to look, those who can feebly raising weap as the square iris of the opening blast doors widens to reveal River, standing alone. She is holding two Reaver blades, is bloody but unbowed. And the only one alive. We hold on her a moment, then the wall behind her is ripp completely away. Behind it, grappling hooks chained to a huge tractor pull wall away as through the smoke come some fifteen Alliance soldiers, who line up, rifles trained on our gang...
165) 0) text: We are close on a gravestone. It is rounded, looks more l a bell than a headstone. It is topped by a jar built'into the stone. The jar is weathered tin at top and bottom, bu glass in the middle. Inside the glass we can see one of those slightly moving photos. It is of Mr Universe and hi lovebot, and the name Mr Universe is carved roughly in th stone beneath. The camera moves to the right and we see another such sto 40 this one bearing the image and inscription: Shepherd D Book. The third is Hoban Washburne. Wash. The camera continues moving right, but the next stone hou a small home-made rocket with pieces of paper taped to it instead of a picture-jar. And fixing another slip of pape to it is River. She moves away from the stone as Mal does likewise. They' flanked by the crew: Jayne, Inara (to whom Mal moves), Simon, who stands holding River before him and hand in ha with Kaylee. He has a crutch supporting his other side. There is a moment, then they all move aside, saying nothi Between them walks Zoe, in a simple white funeral gown, holding a burning taper. She stands at the stones a moment, then holds the taper t the rocket fuse. Stands back with the others. The rocket shoots up into the darkening sky. They all wat its sputtering tail a moment, then it it explodes in a se of fireworks. 40
168) 0) text: Mal and Jayne hold onto the cannon as a crane is lifting off the top of the ship. Close on Mal as he watches it go...
173) 0) text: It's raining as Mal is hauling in the last of the repair equipment. The camera moves around him, skirting the grou of the junkyard, till it lands on a figure in foreground, standing watching him from some twenty feet away. Mal stops, doesn't turn. Hand near his gun.
173) 1) dialog: If you're here to tell me we ain't finished... then we will be real quick. The Operative stands just under the canopy of the nose of ship, framed by the rain behind.
173) 3) dialog: (TURNING)
173) 6) dialog: 'Verse wakes up a spell. Won't be long 'fore she rolls right over and falls back asleep. Taint my worry.
173) 8) dialog: That don't bode especially well for you... giving the order to let us go, patching up our hurt...
173) 16) dialog: They take you down, I don't expect to grieve overmuch. Like to kill you myself, I see you again.
173) 19) text: "Serenity". You lost everything in that battle. Everything you had, everything you were... how did you go on? Mal hits the button to close the inner doors, steps insid they slide together. Glances at the Operative, unimpresse
173) 21) dialog: You still standing there when the engine starts, you never will figure it out. The Operative watches the door shut. A moment, and he goe
174) 0) text: Mal stows the gear as Zoe approaches.
174) 1) dialog: (to himself) What a whiner...
174) 3) dialog: Think she'll hold together?
174) 12) dialog: Make sure everything's secure. Could be bumpy.
175) 0) text: Mal comes in and runs into Inara. Jayne passes through as they talk, heading down into his bunk. Pays them no mind. Neither do Simon and Kaylee, in the dining room stowing supplies.
175) 1) dialog: We're taking her out. Should be about a day's ride to get you back to your girls.
175) 4) dialog: (moving past her) You ready to get off this heap and back to a civilized life?
175) 6) dialog: Good answer. He turns and heads into the bridge.
176) 0) text: Mal eases himself into his seat. Takes a moment to adjust one of Wash's dashboard dinosaurs, then looks to his left 4
176) 6) dialog: You gonna ride shotgun, help me fly? V0 River is in the copilot's seat, looking intently at th screens and buttons.
176) 8) dialog: Think you can work out how to get her in the -- She is flipping switches without even looking, as the shi hums to life.
178) 0) text: Mal looks slightly, only slightly nonplussed.
178) 1) dialog: Okay, clearly some aptitude for the... but it ain't all buttons A0 and charts, . You know what the first rule of flying is? Well, I suppose you do, since you already know what I'm about to say.
178) 3) dialog: Love. You can learn all the math in the 'verse, but you take a boat in the air you don't love, she'll shake you off just as sure as the turning of worlds. Love keeps her in the air when she oughta fall down, tells you she's hurting 'fore she keens. Makes her a home. River also looks out at the sky.
178) 7) dialog: We'll pass through it soon enough.
180) 1) dialog: What was that?