0) 17) dialog: We meddle.
0) 19) dialog: People don't like to be meddled with. We tell them what to do, what to think, don't run don't walk we're in their homes and in their heads and we haven't the right. We're meddlesome.
1) 11) text: See, most of our best work is done when they're asleep. We can monitor and direct their subconscious, implant suggestions... River starts convulsing, mewing in misery. The Inspector starts forward, slowly.
1) 13) text: It's a little startling to see, but the results are spectacular. Especially in this case. River Tam is our star pupil. The Inspector steps into the light. He is rigid, cold, staring at the girl with no emotion at all. His name, as will very soon learn, is SIMON.
1) 32) text: As the top pops off like a bouncing betty (the grenade), flying up over Simon and River's heads and then bursting forth in a flat circle of blue energy that bisects the ro flowing through the staff's heads and knocking them out. Simon rushes to River, gently removes the probes from her head and swabs her, whispering:
1) 34) text: River. Wake up. Please, it's Simon. River. It's your brother. Wake up... She begins to stir as a noise moves him to the door, look out and removing his uniform to reveal an orderly's tunic beneath.
1) 41) dialog: Simon. A beat, as they face each other, Simon fighting emotion.
1) 42) dialog: (CONTINUING)
3) 0) text: Simon walks River through the corridor. They approach a p of double doors.
3) 2) text: Find a -- But River has, impossibly, scampered up over some lab equipment to the dark top of the corridor, where she hold herself in a perfect split, feet against the walls and outstretched hand holding the sprinkler for support. The doors burst open and two doctors pass by, hardly noti the lone orderly. Passing right under River.
4) 0) text: It's small, 15 feet by 15 feet. Goes a long way up and a long way down. One wide hinged window looks in on the hal inside. Simon and River approach with quiet haste. They slip through the window. Simon shuts it, wedges his baton into the handle as the SECURITY AGENTS APPROACH. Th fire at the glass, but their lasers have no effect. Wind whips River's hair about as she looks up to see a sm patch of daylight visible ten stories up. Sees the sky blotted out by a small ship that hovers above them.
4) 10) text: Lovely. Lovely. Backtrack. The action REVERSES, taking us back to the moment of Simo and River on the gurney just before it rises. f t o
4) 12) text: Stop. There is a motionless beat, River frozen in that crouch, he steps through what we now see is a hologram of the eve The Government's man. We'll just call him THE OPERATIVE. He is thoughtful, a little removed. Wire-rimmed glasses, suit too nondescript to be a uniform, too neat to be casu wear. He is in:
5) 0) text: -- which is long and bare but for drawers of holographic records, a set-up for watching recordings (where the imag Simon and River floats), and a table with computer and ch The Operative crosses to the table, looks over some paper
5) 68) text: Young miss, I'll need all the logs- on behavioral modification triggers. We'll have to reach out to River Tam, and help her to come back to us. No matter how far out Simon has taken her, we can -- He's almost startled when the Doctor's body drops into fr slowed suddenly by the sword. It squeaks down the blade, Doctor unable to cry out, as the Operative whispers to hi
5) 72) text: Young miss, I need you to get to work now. I think I may have a long way to travel. 40 She goes. He approaches River, very close, staring...
13) 8) dialog: I know. We're going for a ride.
15) 0) text: The chains are hoisted back up into the ceiling of the sh The mule floats just above the floor, Jayne piling in nex River in the back:
15) 7) dialog: I'm the brains of the operation.
17) 6) dialog: There's no pattern to the pebbles here, they're completely random. I tried to count them but you drove too fast. Hummingbird.
20) 0) text: We move in on River as something crosses her face. Worry.
22) 0) text: River SCREAMS and flops onto her back, pinned by revelati Others look at her, concerned, as Jayne makes his way to
22) 2) dialog: Reavers.
24) 0) text: The doors burst open, Jayne and Zoe coming out first, Mal behind with River in hand. She is freaked, in her own spa Jayne and Zoe throw the bags on --
25) 3) dialog: They want us alive when they eat us.
29) 13) text: Rutting pigs! Where's -- And River is holding out his weapon before he can ask for
36) 0) text: A flaming portion of the top flies in, skids to the floor small fires erupt from the mule as well -- Simon pulls a lever and jets of C02 shoot out of the floor. Simon hits the button to start the outer ramp closing, th runs to the mule. The C02 stops and he finds River sittin in her seat, completely unharmed. Zoe is climbing painful out of the other seat, Mal and Jayne both having been thr
36) 2) dialog: I swallowed a bug. Kaylee runs in to see how everyone is. She goes to Simon.
38) 20) dialog: He didn't lie down. They never lie down. She is looking at the Reaver. Everyone does, for a moment
46) 0) text: The ramp is open and everyone is filing out, ready to hit town. Kaylee is talking to Simon, who has River in hand.
46) 11) text: River... do you want to stay with them?
46) 12) dialog: It's not safe.
46) 14) dialog: For them.
47) 23) text: You knew he was gonna leave. We never been but a way station to those two. And how do you know what he feels? He's got River to worry on but he still coulda shown you... if I truly wanted someone bad enough, wouldn't be a thing in the 'verse could stop me from going to her.
47) 76) dialog: Miranda. She turns and looks back at the crowd. What happens next happens very fast. She strides silently to the first table -- two men drinki quietly -- and she slams her foot into one's face, then w it back into the other's, knocking them both unconscious people are turning, just registering that this girl -- kicks the table into a card player even as she sweeps a bottle off it behind her -- the bottle hits a man behind square in the face, a man she never even looked at -- peo are rising, fleeing or pushing forward --
49) 0) text: The operative is looking at the Maidenhead security feed and River is staring right at him.
50) 0) text: River is still asleep, Mal finishing chaining her wrists. She lies on her side, breathing evenly. Mal stares at her a moment, then:
51) 17) text: The people who helped me break River out -- they had intel that River and the other subjects were being embedded with behavioral conditioning. They taught me a safeword, in case... something happened.
52) 0) text: River's eyes open.
54) 0) text: River mouths the next words right along with Mal:
59) 0) text: River stares at us, impassive, as the camera pulls away f her to reveal Simon, who is cleaning blood off her face.
59) 1) dialog: They're afraid of me.
59) 3) dialog: They should be. What I will show them... Oh God... She starts tearing up, breathing faster... Simon runs his hands through her hair.
59) 5) dialog: (somewhere else) Show me off like a dog, old men covered in blood, it never touched them but they're drowning in it... so much loss... I don't know what I'm saying. I never know what I'm saying...
59) 7) dialog: Miranda.
59) 9) dialog: (laughs bitterly) Ask her. She'll show you all. 40
59) 17) dialog: I'm not a multiple, dumbo.
59) 19) dialog: It isn't mine. The memory. I didn't bring it and I shouldn't have to carry it, it isn't mine. (URGENTLY:)
59) 22) dialog: Put a bullet to me. Bullet in the brain pan, squish.
59) 24) dialog: Things are going to get much much worse.
59) 26) dialog: He has to see. More than anyone... he has to see what he doesn't want to.
59) 34) dialog: Death.
59) 36) dialog: 
68) 0) text: The Teacher from the very beginning is standing in front River, whose desktop screen depicts a single, dark planet
68) 3) text: River, you look tired. I think everybody's a little tired by now; why don't we all lie down. River looks up, scared. All the other children wordlessly get up from their seats and lie on the floor next to them
68) 6) dialog: No... Vao TEACHER River. Do as you're told. It's going to be fine. Lie down.
68) 7) dialog: 
69) 0) text: River starts awake.
88) 0) text: The teacher and students sleep as River -- as we saw her the institute, older, with blood seeping from the needle- holes in her head -- makes her way through them. Slowly she walks to the floating lecture screen. On it is the solar system, glowing lines connecting all the stars planets. She becomes wide-eyed, breathing hard as it push in to one system, one planet... She looks over to one side of the tent, and we see:
90) 0) text: And River awakens. A moment to get her bearings, then her eyes narrow with intent.
94) 0) text: River is near the ceiling, keeping herself up in a split again, feet against the walls. There is a wire mesh cover the light, and she has bent part of it out, is working it inside the lock of her shackles.
100) 0) text: A floor panel hinges open, Mal pulling himself up. He mov quietly to the bridge, gun drawn. He enters to find River frantically punching up coordinat on a big Cortex screen she's pulled out by the copilot's seat. She whips Jayne's gun at his face, never looking at him. A moment, and Mal lowers his own gun.
100) 7) dialog: (pointing to screen) Miranda. WIt's a planet. Matches the one from her dream.
101) 0) text: Everyone has gathered. Wash is piloting now, as they are atmosphere. River is by Simon. She moves restlessly, upse
101) 3) dialog: (to Simon) I had to show them. I didn't know if you were going to make me sleep.
111) 0) text: The group make their way toward the bridge. Those close enough to get a view out the window are looking freaked - those already on the bridge are stock still. Pressed up against the glass of the window is River, just staring.
115) 0) text: Kaylee, Simon and River have left the bridge. The clouds the windows, so nothing below is visible.
117) 31) dialog: , make them stop, they're everywhere, every city every house every room, they're all inside me, I can hear them all and they're saying nothing! GET UP! PLEASE, GET THEM UP! , please God make me a stone...
119) 0) text: It's a mess, doors pried open, signs of violence but no bodies. The gang walks through it, looking around. River pulls away from Simon, suddenly determined. She approaches a console, and a small cylindrical object. She turns it slightly -- A hologram squawks to life amidst them all. First we see images that resemble the flashes from River's mind: Corps everywhere. We hear and then see DOCTOR CARON standing exactly where she was when she recorded this message... (As she speaks, we see angles of everyone watching, takin in.. River silently mouths every word.) ,two
121) 0) text: River falls to her knees, vomiting. Simon goes to her, pu his hand on her back, lets her ride it out.
121) 2) dialog: I'm all right. She looks at him, wet eyes full of clarity.
121) 3) dialog: (CONTINUING)
122) 16) dialog: Based on our orbital trajectories, he reached optimum proximity just before our sunset. If we make a direct run within the hour we're only 67,332 miles out. At full burn we'd reach him inside of three- hours . 4
152) 0) text: Inara is on her knees, unwrapping the oilcloth we saw in shuttle. River is in the corner, clutching her head.
152) 1) dialog: I can't shut them up...
152) 3) dialog: They're all made up of rage. I can't... A BANG as a body slams against the door.
156) 5) text: I know the secret now. The truth that burned up River Tam's brain and set you after her. And the rest of the 'verse is gonna know it too. 'Cause they need to.
157) 30) text: My bag. and SHKOWW!, the bullet takes him in the belly -- everyth suddenly moving very slowly as he spins slightly, one foo lifted, a confused expression on his face -- then speedin right back up as he slams down on his back, gasping for a River's mouth opens in a scream she doesn't make. Blood spreads from Simon's belly. Inara rushes to him, gr cloth and puts pressure on the wound, puts Simon's hand o
157) 34) text: River... I'm sorry...
157) 35) dialog: No. No. The lights go out. Everyone looks about them. Jayne fires again, but all the sound has bled out save these two. 4
157) 42) dialog: You won't. You take care of me, Simon. You've always taken care of me. She stands as the emergency lights come on, giving her fa an unearthly glow as she looks down at him.
157) 43) dialog: (CONTINUING)
158) 0) text: Mal gets up the chain to the platform. The Operative is o Mal before he gets his footing, tackles him as Mal's gun skittering over the edge into oblivion. There is a railin here or Mal would go over as well -- but he comes back wi a couple of hammer blows, gets the Operative off him. They square off, Mal stumbling back into a tool chest, knocking over tools and computer parts. The Operative reaches behind him and pulls his sword gracefully from the holster under his jacket. Mal produces his weapon: a tiny screwdriver. He hurls a toolbox at the Operative and rushes him, gets inside sword range and tries for the neck with the screwdriver -- the Operative blocks it and works the swor point against the edge of Mal's stomach. Starts pushing slowly, despite Mal's resistance, and breaks skin.
160) 20) text: I'm gonna show you a world without sin. He hits "send all". The cylinder lights up and the broadc V0 begins. Here it is projected as a two-dimensional imag the clear plastic partition, right in front of the Operat There are images first of the city -- of bodies, on the street, in homes and offices... image after image, jus.t we saw on the research vessel -- and in River's mind.
165) 0) text: We are close on a gravestone. It is rounded, looks more l a bell than a headstone. It is topped by a jar built'into the stone. The jar is weathered tin at top and bottom, bu glass in the middle. Inside the glass we can see one of those slightly moving photos. It is of Mr Universe and hi lovebot, and the name Mr Universe is carved roughly in th stone beneath. The camera moves to the right and we see another such sto 40 this one bearing the image and inscription: Shepherd D Book. The third is Hoban Washburne. Wash. The camera continues moving right, but the next stone hou a small home-made rocket with pieces of paper taped to it instead of a picture-jar. And fixing another slip of pape to it is River. She moves away from the stone as Mal does likewise. They' flanked by the crew: Jayne, Inara (to whom Mal moves), Simon, who stands holding River before him and hand in ha with Kaylee. He has a crutch supporting his other side. There is a moment, then they all move aside, saying nothi Between them walks Zoe, in a simple white funeral gown, holding a burning taper. She stands at the stones a moment, then holds the taper t the rocket fuse. Stands back with the others. The rocket shoots up into the darkening sky. They all wat its sputtering tail a moment, then it it explodes in a se of fireworks. 40
167) 0) text: We are close on River as she works inside a crawlspace ju above the engine room, replacing wires. Some of them run a computer screen that she checks and adjusts.
176) 7) dialog: That's the plan.
178) 2) dialog: I do. But I like to hear you say it. He looks out at the rain on his windows, at his screens, taking her up as he says:
178) 6) dialog: Storm's getting worse.