1) 13) text: It's a little startling to see, but the results are spectacular. Especially in this case. River Tam is our star pupil. The Inspector steps into the light. He is rigid, cold, staring at the girl with no emotion at all. His name, as will very soon learn, is SIMON.
1) 14) dialog: I've heard that.
1) 16) dialog: Tell me about them.
1) 18) dialog: (moves toward her) What use do we have for a psychic if she's insane?
1) 26) dialog: (TURNING)
1) 29) dialog: (turns back to her) How is she physically?
1) 31) dialog: Yes. She always did love to dance. He drops to one knee, slamming his baton to the floor.
1) 32) text: As the top pops off like a bouncing betty (the grenade), flying up over Simon and River's heads and then bursting forth in a flat circle of blue energy that bisects the ro flowing through the staff's heads and knocking them out. Simon rushes to River, gently removes the probes from her head and swabs her, whispering:
1) 33) dialog: (CONTINUING)
1) 34) text: River. Wake up. Please, it's Simon. River. It's your brother. Wake up... She begins to stir as a noise moves him to the door, look out and removing his uniform to reveal an orderly's tunic beneath.
3) 0) text: Simon walks River through the corridor. They approach a p of double doors.
3) 1) dialog: We can't make it to the surface from inside. Simon turns suddenly as he hears footsteps, people headin them from the other side of the doors. 4wo SIMON (CONTINUING)
4) 0) text: It's small, 15 feet by 15 feet. Goes a long way up and a long way down. One wide hinged window looks in on the hal inside. Simon and River approach with quiet haste. They slip through the window. Simon shuts it, wedges his baton into the handle as the SECURITY AGENTS APPROACH. Th fire at the glass, but their lasers have no effect. Wind whips River's hair about as she looks up to see a sm patch of daylight visible ten stories up. Sees the sky blotted out by a small ship that hovers above them.
4) 7) dialog: Get on! He is standing by the window -- and the Security Agent is right behind him, PUNCHING the window with all his might. Simon helps River onto the gurney, then jumps on himself the Security Agent cracks the glass. The two are whisked in the gurney, River on her knees, Simon standing beside holding one of the cables --
5) 0) text: -- which is long and bare but for drawers of holographic records, a set-up for watching recordings (where the imag Simon and River floats), and a table with computer and ch The Operative crosses to the table, looks over some paper
5) 43) text: It's pride. He touches the computer screen and the hologramic image j to the Doctor and Simon in the lab, Mathias repeating:
5) 68) text: Young miss, I'll need all the logs- on behavioral modification triggers. We'll have to reach out to River Tam, and help her to come back to us. No matter how far out Simon has taken her, we can -- He's almost startled when the Doctor's body drops into fr slowed suddenly by the sword. It squeaks down the blade, Doctor unable to cry out, as the Operative whispers to hi
10) 16) text: Doctor. Guess I need to get innocked 'fore we hit planetside. Simon nods, the ship jolting again.
10) 19) dialog: I'm not worried.
10) 21) dialog: This isn't fear. This is anger.
10) 24) dialog: I imagine if it were fear, my eyes would be wider.
10) 26) dialog: You're not taking her.
10) 28) dialog: She's not going with you. That's final. 4
11) 0) text: Simon is right on his heels as we lead them down the stai
11) 1) dialog: Guests? I earn my passage, Captain --
11) 3) dialog: I've earned my passage treating bullet holes, knife wounds, laser burns...
11) 5) dialog: And you want to put my sister in the middle of that.
12) 1) dialog: She's a seventeen year old girl. A mentally traumatized sevente--
12) 9) dialog: And that's your guiding star, isn't it? What's of use.
12) 11) text: Honestly, doctor, I think we may really crash this time anyway. Simon jabs the inoculation needle into Mal's arm.
12) 12) dialog: Do you understand what I've gone through to keep River away from the Alliance?
12) 14) dialog: Are you threatening to --
13) 7) dialog: River... She's lying on her side, looking straight at us. A loose summer dress draped over her small frame.
15) 6) dialog: Now, River, you stay behind the others. If there's fighting you drop to the floor or run away. It's okay to leave them to die. River puts on a huge pair of goggles, looks at her brothe
15) 10) dialog: (APPROACHING)
15) 14) dialog: It's amazing. I bring River all the way out to the raggedy edge of the 'verse so she can hide from the Alliance by robbing banks.
32) 0) text: Simon moves next to the huge sliding doors at the front, a couple of buttons. The doors pull open, as the huge ram beyond them opens down, letting in a rush of wind and lig
34) 0) text: And only its forward momentum keeps it from being squashe it flies backwards into the bay, narrowly missing Simon a smashing back into the staircase, sparks and people flyin
36) 0) text: A flaming portion of the top flies in, skids to the floor small fires erupt from the mule as well -- Simon pulls a lever and jets of C02 shoot out of the floor. Simon hits the button to start the outer ramp closing, th runs to the mule. The C02 stops and he finds River sittin in her seat, completely unharmed. Zoe is climbing painful out of the other seat, Mal and Jayne both having been thr
36) 1) dialog: River?
38) 4) dialog: You stupid, selfish, son of a whore ---
38) 6) dialog: "One simple job! She'll be fine!"
38) 9) dialog: Never again. You understand me?
38) 17) dialog: Well sleep easy 'cause we're off your boat. Just as soon as River gets her share of the "bounty".
46) 0) text: The ramp is open and everyone is filing out, ready to hit town. Kaylee is talking to Simon, who has River in hand.
46) 7) dialog: ГўВЂВў I wish there was... Since he doesn't know what to say, she rattles on:
46) 9) dialog: Kaylee. She turns and heads off. Simon starts in the other direction, but River looks after her and the others.
46) 10) dialog: (CONTINUING)
46) 13) dialog: No, I fear it's not safe anymore. He's heading off and doesn't hear:
47) 87) dialog: Eta Kooram Nah Smech! And River drops to the ground, fast asleep. There is a beat. Mal looks around the bar. He and Simon, who has run up to the entrance, are the only ones standin He looks down at River. She lies unconscious, helpless.
51) 1) dialog: May I see her?
51) 12) text: We got to lay low. And I could fair use some spiritual guidance right about now. (to Simon) I am a lost lamb; what in hell happened back there?
51) 16) dialog: Safeword. (BEAT)
51) 19) dialog: A phrase that's encoded in her brain, that makes her fall asleep. If I speak the words, "Eta -- 4
51) 28) dialog: What?
51) 30) dialog: They never said what --
51) 34) dialog: I brought her out here so they couldn't get to her, I don't even know how they --
53) 2) dialog: I thought she was getting better.
53) 6) dialog: May I see her. Mal steps aside. Simon enters the locker.
59) 0) text: River stares at us, impassive, as the camera pulls away f her to reveal Simon, who is cleaning blood off her face.
59) 2) dialog: I'm sorry...
59) 4) dialog: It's okay, it's okay...
59) 6) dialog: You said something. When you were triggered, do you remember? The Captain saw you say something on the feed...
59) 8) dialog: Miranda.
59) 15) dialog: Show us what? Who is Miranda? (BEAT)
59) 18) dialog: No. Right. But I think somehow when they triggered you it brought this up, this memory --
59) 21) dialog: I won't.
59) 23) dialog: Don't say that. Not ever. We'll get through this. She reaches out and touches his face, affectionately.
59) 25) dialog: Well, the Captain hasn't tossed us in the airlock, so I'd say we're --
59) 27) dialog: River. What will Miranda show us. She thinks.
59) 35) dialog: Whose death? And she starts laughing. Quietly at first, then louder, t almost uncontrollably, screaming in his face:
93) 2) dialog: Needs to see her why?
93) 16) dialog: (to Inara) Did he say anything about a "Miranda"?
95) 22) dialog: We'll get off. River and I'll get off at Haven and find some --
98) 8) dialog: It's gonna be oka -- She elbows his throat viciously. He drops to his knees, shocked and gasping, as she spin-kicks him to the ground. doesn't move. She looks at him a moment, then takes off.
101) 0) text: Everyone has gathered. Wash is piloting now, as they are atmosphere. River is by Simon. She moves restlessly, upse
101) 4) dialog: (hoarse whisper) You could've asked... 10
106) 4) dialog: Are you insane?
106) 21) dialog: What's the point of living if you sink to the level of a savage --
115) 0) text: Kaylee, Simon and River have left the bridge. The clouds the windows, so nothing below is visible.
117) 15) dialog: (seeing it) Kaylee... Come this way. Come here. Don't -- But she looks --
117) 20) dialog: There's no discoloration, nobody's doubled over or showing signs of pain...
117) 23) dialog: More than anything, it looks like starvation.
119) 0) text: It's a mess, doors pried open, signs of violence but no bodies. The gang walks through it, looking around. River pulls away from Simon, suddenly determined. She approaches a console, and a small cylindrical object. She turns it slightly -- A hologram squawks to life amidst them all. First we see images that resemble the flashes from River's mind: Corps everywhere. We hear and then see DOCTOR CARON standing exactly where she was when she recorded this message... (As she speaks, we see angles of everyone watching, takin in.. River silently mouths every word.) ,two
121) 0) text: River falls to her knees, vomiting. Simon goes to her, pu his hand on her back, lets her ride it out.
121) 1) dialog: River...
122) 14) dialog: Do we have a plan?
141) 0) text: Sparks -- and arcs of electricity -- are everywhere here. Kaylee jumps back as she is electrocuted -- Simon runs in pulls her out, slams the door shut on the erupting fires.
145) 0) text: Jayne, Simon and Inara pull harnesses not unlike "Batman Ride" seats from the ceiling, help the others in.
152) 2) dialog: It's okay... -
152) 4) dialog: Just stay low. I'm right here. 4
152) 13) dialog: I never planned... anything. I just wanted to keep River safe. Spent so much time on Serenity trying to find us a home I never realized I already had. She looks at him with soft surprise. 140
152) 14) dialog: (CONTINUING)
152) 17) dialog: (SMILES)
157) 0) text: Jayne is still firing continuously as he drags Zoe back t the barricades. Simon moves to help -- Kaylee firing now, squinting with effort -- and pulls open the cut back of Z shirt, checks the wound.
157) 1) dialog: Spine's intact --
157) 28) dialog: Lie still. I'm gonna give you something to counteract the -- He stands, looking around him. His bag is over by Zoe.
157) 29) dialog: (CONTINUING)
157) 30) text: My bag. and SHKOWW!, the bullet takes him in the belly -- everyth suddenly moving very slowly as he spins slightly, one foo lifted, a confused expression on his face -- then speedin right back up as he slams down on his back, gasping for a River's mouth opens in a scream she doesn't make. Blood spreads from Simon's belly. Inara rushes to him, gr cloth and puts pressure on the wound, puts Simon's hand o
157) 32) dialog: My bag. Need... adrenaline... and a shot of calaphar for Kaylee... I can't... River...? She is by his side, takes his hand. She has a kind of serenity to her, like she understands something now.
157) 33) dialog: (CONTINUING)
157) 41) dialog: I hate to... leave...
157) 44) text: My turn. She's running so fast, nobody has time to react til she D through the hole in the doors, then Simon SCREAMS her nam the scream following us back into the Black Room where Ri lands in a perfect roll, comes up in a room full of Reave Without a moment's hesitation she makes it to the panel, the doors closing. She dodges a blade, but a blow to,the back of the head shakes her. She weaves around a couple o Reavers to get to the closing doors, but at the last seco her ankle is grabbed and pulled out from under her. The last thing we see is her being dragged back as they s over her. ANGLE: THE BLAST DOORS, as they shut with a shuddering RL
159) 0) text: The gang is subdued -- because they are all of them injur and Simon is slipping away. Jayne looks at Zoe.
165) 0) text: We are close on a gravestone. It is rounded, looks more l a bell than a headstone. It is topped by a jar built'into the stone. The jar is weathered tin at top and bottom, bu glass in the middle. Inside the glass we can see one of those slightly moving photos. It is of Mr Universe and hi lovebot, and the name Mr Universe is carved roughly in th stone beneath. The camera moves to the right and we see another such sto 40 this one bearing the image and inscription: Shepherd D Book. The third is Hoban Washburne. Wash. The camera continues moving right, but the next stone hou a small home-made rocket with pieces of paper taped to it instead of a picture-jar. And fixing another slip of pape to it is River. She moves away from the stone as Mal does likewise. They' flanked by the crew: Jayne, Inara (to whom Mal moves), Simon, who stands holding River before him and hand in ha with Kaylee. He has a crutch supporting his other side. There is a moment, then they all move aside, saying nothi Between them walks Zoe, in a simple white funeral gown, holding a burning taper. She stands at the stones a moment, then holds the taper t the rocket fuse. Stands back with the others. The rocket shoots up into the darkening sky. They all wat its sputtering tail a moment, then it it explodes in a se of fireworks. 40
170) 0) text: Kaylee, deeply greasy, tweaks a part on the engine and crosses to the back where Simon, shirtless and not entire ungreasy himself, is wrenching a bolt into place above hi head. A moment looking at him and she can't help herself she slides her arms around his chest...
172) 0) text: Kaylee and Simon are just making out like fiends, work completely forgotten. With nothing resembling elegant precision, they sink out of frame to the floor.
175) 0) text: Mal comes in and runs into Inara. Jayne passes through as they talk, heading down into his bunk. Pays them no mind. Neither do Simon and Kaylee, in the dining room stowing supplies.