4) 8) dialog: Stop. The action freezes.
4) 9) dialog: (CONTINUING)
4) 11) dialog: (CONTINUING)
4) 12) text: Stop. There is a motionless beat, River frozen in that crouch, he steps through what we now see is a hologram of the eve The Government's man. We'll just call him THE OPERATIVE. He is thoughtful, a little removed. Wire-rimmed glasses, suit too nondescript to be a uniform, too neat to be casu wear. He is in:
5) 0) text: -- which is long and bare but for drawers of holographic records, a set-up for watching recordings (where the imag Simon and River floats), and a table with computer and ch The Operative crosses to the table, looks over some paper
5) 1) dialog: Biograph. Simon Tam.
5) 9) dialog: (CONTINUING)
5) 12) dialog: (over this, quietly) Enter the doctor. (to Mathias) Forgive me. I prefer to see the event alone, without bias. Mathias looks at the hologram -- realizes which one it is
5) 14) dialog: You're right to insist. I know you've had security issues here. He places his hand on a screen as he says it. Mathias loo at the readout, and drops the bluster.
5) 16) dialog: I have neither. Like this facility, I don't exist. The Parliament calls me in when... when they wish they didn't have to. Let's talk about the Tams.
5) 24) dialog: River was your greatest success. A prodigy -- A phenomenon. Until her brother walked in eight months ago and took her from you.
5) 26) dialog: I'm very aware of that.
5) 28) dialog: No, no. Of course. The boy spent his fortune developing the contacts to infiltrate this place.
5) 30) dialog: Madness, no. Something a good deal more dangerous. Have you looked at this scan carefully? At his face? Mathias looks uncertain.
5) 31) dialog: (CONTINUING)
5) 34) dialog: I'm here because the situation is even less simple than you think. (eyeing him) Do you know what your sin is, Doctor?
5) 42) dialog: (SADLY)
5) 45) dialog: (shutting it off) Key members of Parliament. Key. The minds behind every diplomatic, military and covert operation in the galaxy, and you put them in a room with a psychic.
5) 47) dialog: It's come to our attention that River became much more unstable, more... disturbed, after you showed her off to Parliament. Did she see something very terrible in those cards?
5) 49) dialog: But they are in her. Her mind is unquiet. It's the will of the Parliament that I kill her. And the brother. Because of your sin.
5) 56) dialog: (continuing; moving to his briefcase) You know, in certain older civilized cultures, when men failed as entirely as you have, they would throw themselves on their swords.
5) 58) dialog: The Parliament has no further interest in psychics. They represent a threat to the harmony and stability of our Alliance.
5) 60) dialog: Would you be killed in your sleep, like an ailing pet? Whatever your failings, I believe you deserve better than that. The agents move. He slices the throat of the one behind h with true grace, thrusting at the second as he's pulling his gun and pinning his hand. A moment, and the dying age reflexively squeezes the trigger, shooting his own arm. The Operative pulls out the sword and the agent falls as quietly as the first. Mathias bolts but the Operative pins him to the wall. He bunches his fingers and jabs the side of the Doctor's spi Mathias stiffens, suddenly, agonizingly immobile. The Operative steps back, observes the Doctor's rigid gri for a moment. Almost ceremoniously, he drops to one knee holds the blade out to one side, hilt to the floor and po tilted toward the doctor. The Doctor stares at it in horr as his paralyzed body begins to tip over toward it. The Operative turns toward the terrified intern at the do
5) 67) dialog: (CONTINUING)
5) 68) text: Young miss, I'll need all the logs- on behavioral modification triggers. We'll have to reach out to River Tam, and help her to come back to us. No matter how far out Simon has taken her, we can -- He's almost startled when the Doctor's body drops into fr slowed suddenly by the sword. It squeaks down the blade, Doctor unable to cry out, as the Operative whispers to hi
5) 69) dialog: (CONTINUING)
5) 70) text: This is a good death. There's no shame in this, in a man's death. A man who's done fine works. We're making a better world. All of them, better worlds. Mathias is dead. The Operative pulls the sword out as the body rolls over. As he wipes the sword down:
5) 71) dialog: (CONTINUING)
5) 73) dialog: (CONTINUING)
48) 0) text: We see two sleek warships glide silently into frame, foll by a third, bigger ship. This is the operative's vessel, 10 it is everything Serenity is not: sleek, predatory, ic
49) 0) text: The operative is looking at the Maidenhead security feed and River is staring right at him.
49) 1) dialog: (CAPTIVATED)
49) 4) dialog: The ship. The name of the ship. (SOFTLY)
49) 7) dialog: Serenity Valley. Bloodiest battle of the entire war. The Independents held the valley for seven weeks, two of them after their high command had surrendered. 68% casualty rate.
49) 9) dialog: There. 4
49) 15) dialog: (CONTINUING)
49) 18) dialog: She's followed him far... Give me the crew, registered passengers -- Our Captain is a passionate man, no room there for subtlety. He's bound to have some very obvious... CLOSE ON: THE LENS of his glasses. On it is a slowly movi picture of INARA.
49) 19) dialog: -40 (continuing) .weakness...
66) 0) text: Inara stands waiting, her back to us, in front of the ver vista we first saw her before. The operative comes slowly up the staircase, stands befor her.
80) 16) dialog: (ENTERING)
80) 20) dialog: I've no doubt. Mal sheds his shawl and robe. Inara kneels at the alter, picks out another incense stick.
80) 23) dialog: That's very thoughtful. But I mean it when I say you're not in any danger.
80) 25) dialog: I think you're beginning to understand how dangerous River Tam is.
80) 27) dialog: It's worse than you know.
80) 29) dialog: That girl will rain destruction down on you and your ship. She's an albatross, Captain. 4
80) 36) dialog: I've seen your war record. I know how you must feel about the Alliance.
80) 38) dialog: Fair to say. But I have to hope you understand you can't beat us.
80) 40) dialog: And you can do that, once you let me take the girl back home. Give me the opportunity to help you.
80) 42) dialog: This psychotic, potentially murderous girl who can't have the slightest awareness of your protection. This is where you "draw the line".
80) 44) dialog: There's a number of lives that hang in the balance here. Lives under your care. Are they as whimsical as yourself?
80) 51) dialog: I have a warship in deep orbit, Captain. We locked on to Serenity's pulse beacon the moment you hit atmo. I can speak a word and send a missile to that exact location inside of three minutes. Mal pulls a small device, clipped wires sticking out all around it, and tosses it to the Operative.
80) 53) dialog: Pulse beacon.
80) 55) dialog: How long do you think you can really run from us?
80) 57) dialog: Captain Reynolds, I should tell you so that you don't waste your time: You can't make me angry.
80) 64) dialog: I need her, Captain. River is... my purpose and I will gather her to me. The brother as well. Whatever else happens is incidental. In the greater scheme.
80) 66) dialog: I want to resolve this like civilized men. I'm not threatening you. I'm unarmed.
80) 68) dialog: I am of course wearing full body armor. I'm not a moron. He tosses Mal hard against a wall, spinning and blocking blow from Inara -- she is clearly trained in martial arts but he flat-heels her to the ground within seconds. Mal is going for his gun again, turning, and the Operativ kicks him in the face, sends him back, gun flying. Mal ge to his feet and they square off. Mal breathing hard, nose dripping blood. The Operative perfectly poised, waiting.
80) 70) dialog: They'll come when they're needed.
80) 72) dialog: Captain, what do you think is going to happen here? They come at each other. The Operative is the much better trained -- he's fluid, his blows sparse and deadly. 40
80) 78) dialog: (CONTINUING)
80) 81) dialog: He's not the plucky hero. The Alliance isn't some evil empire. This isn't the grand arena.
80) 83) dialog: Just a flash bomb. Go! Go!
87) 0) text: The Operative sips tea and rubs his temple.
87) 1) dialog: (into a com) Forget the pulse beacon, there has to be another way to track the ship -- get a read on the nav sat. It's a registered transport, you must be able to locate --
87) 3) dialog: Have you found a nav sat trajectory?
87) 5) dialog: (to himself) Does he think this is a game?
92) 0) text: As Inara continues, we see: Fanty and Mingo, tied to chai Light spills onto their bruised faces as the Operative en
105) 0) text: Silence. Every Cortex screen is on, each looking at a different pl Every one shows fire, destruction or the snow of an interrupted signal. Mal stands alone amidst the screens, saying nothing. Afte a long moment, all of the screens hitch, the images repla by identical images of the Operative. He looks solemn.
105) 1) dialog: V0 I'm sorry. But I cannot let you hide and I cannot let you run. Things become... extreme. And we wish for another way.
105) 3) dialog: When God wanted Pharaoh to release His people from bondage -- you know the story? He didn't ask. He sent his plagues down upon Egypt. That's me, Captain. The path to peace is paved with corpses. It's always been so.
105) 11) dialog: I'm not going to live there. How could you think -- there's no place for me there, any more than 40 there is for you. Malcolm, I'm a monster. What I do is evil, I've no illusions about it. But it must be done.
105) 13) dialog: It's not my place to ask.
105) 15) dialog: Maybe not. But you'll keep her close now, and when I blow Serenity out of the air, this will be ended. You're so terribly out of your depth, Captain. Your old boat can't take the pressure.
105) 17) dialog: Yes, your scrambler's code is too old for our seekers. You love that, yes? The small triumph over modernity. You really are the noble savage.
105) 19) dialog: But that's what's going to kill you, Malcolm. Nobility. It confuses your text, which is self-interest. And sin.
105) 21) dialog: What do you believe in? 40
105) 28) dialog: If that were true, you'd be nothing more than a Reaver. Something changes in Mal's expression.
105) 29) dialog: (CONTINUING)
114) 0) text: The Operative stares blankly at the Ensign.
114) 1) dialog: Define "disappeared". The Ensign just looks uncomfortable. 4
126) 0) text: In close orbit waits the Alliance force, at least fifty strong, and clearly with high tech firepower. We move in the Operative's ship, in the middle of the cluster.
127) 0) text: As the Operative waits with the others.
127) 2) dialog: (into com) Lock and fire on my command. (to himself) You should have let me see her. We should have done this as men. Not with fire...
128) 0) text: It's the Operative's POV: the swirling Ion cloud as Seren breaks through and heads at us, fully Reavered out.
129) 1) dialog: Vessel in range, lock on... (ADMIRINGLY)
131) 0) text: The Operative -- and everyone around him - goes big-eyed.
131) 1) dialog: That's not good...
131) 4) dialog: Target the Reavers! (into com) Target the Reavers! Target everyone! Somebody FIRE!
134) 0) text: Serenity slips right under the Operative's ship and ducks weaves between dozens more. The Reaver force hits the Alliance head on -- and several ships do just that, smash into bigger ships kamikaze-style, everything exploding -- The fleet mobilizes, blasting Reaver ships, circling arou and an air war begins, a frenzied, balletic ecstasy of destruction that the camera hurtles through as ships and parts of ships fly at and past it.
137) 0) text: As the vessel shakes, clearly breached, The Operative mov to a door marked: DART. He puts his thumb to a panel and door slides up to reveal a standing, almost formfitting o man cockpit.
138) 0) text: The Dart disengages and bullets down towards the surface. it moves from the Operative's ship, we see that a Reaver vessel has smashed into the main viewshield, and the ship spinning, explosions popping silently all over it.
153) 0) text: A panel is kicked in from the ceiling and the Operative d down, having clearly entered from a different location. He looks around, carrying a laser-pistol. He moves past M Universe and Lenore --
156) 0) text: Mal is on the railing, reaching for the 'rungs' on the ceiling just above him. He can almost get them -- one wro move and he pitches into the jaws of death... A laser shot nails him in the lower back -- he arches, le sliding off the rail -- he falls and hits the rail with t backs of his legs, flipping painfully onto his face as he falls, mercifully, back onto the platform. The Operative comes around some equipment for a closer sh as Mal gets shakily up.
156) 2) dialog: There's a lot of innocent people in the air being killed right now.
156) 6) dialog: You really believe that?
156) 13) dialog: You willing to die for that belief?
156) 17) text: Of course, that ain't exactly plan A.. He drops out his cartridge and slams another in. The Operative hides behind some machinery. Tries to peek at Mal -- and more shots send him scrambling back to cove Mal holsters his gun and jumps for the rung above him, st going hand over hand to the island, moving as fast as he The Operative sees his moment, dives for his gun -- but i been ruined by Mal's shot. He looks over at Mal with deat in his eyes. He runs at the railing, vaults off it, and grabs a chain -- it snaps and he swings, grabbing another He reaches Mal and double kicks him from behind -- Mal fl 4 off the rung but grabs a chain -- he tries to kick at t Operative, but the guy is frikkin' Tarzan, he climbs up a pulls a lever releasing one end of Mal's chain -- Mal goe swinging, smacks into the wall six feet below the platfor He scrambles up just as the Operative swings himself towa the platform from above.
158) 0) text: Mal gets up the chain to the platform. The Operative is o Mal before he gets his footing, tackles him as Mal's gun skittering over the edge into oblivion. There is a railin here or Mal would go over as well -- but he comes back wi a couple of hammer blows, gets the Operative off him. They square off, Mal stumbling back into a tool chest, knocking over tools and computer parts. The Operative reaches behind him and pulls his sword gracefully from the holster under his jacket. Mal produces his weapon: a tiny screwdriver. He hurls a toolbox at the Operative and rushes him, gets inside sword range and tries for the neck with the screwdriver -- the Operative blocks it and works the swor point against the edge of Mal's stomach. Starts pushing slowly, despite Mal's resistance, and breaks skin.
158) 7) dialog: You know what your sin is, Malcolm?
158) 10) text: But right now... He pulls the sword out, grimacing. Holds it over the Operative. The smile gone.
158) 12) text: vao I'm gonna have to go with Wrath. He stabs down at his foe's face -- but the Operative roll out of the way, kicks Mal from the ground and is up in a second, grabbing Mal's sword hand -- the sword drops -- a punching him repeatedly in his stomach wound.
160) 0) text: Mal goes down hard, spitting up blood. He sees the sword, moves -- but the Operative kicks him in the face. Picks h lod up, Mal too tired to throw a decent punch.
160) 1) dialog: I'm sorry. The Operative spins him and DIGS his bunched fingers righ into the same nerve cluster that he paralyzed Doctor Math with. Mal goes rigid, his face a rictus of pain. The Operative goes near the railing and retrieves his swo Mal trembles, trying to move -- but nothing happens.
160) 2) dialog: (CONTINUING)
160) 3) text: You should know there's no shame in this. You've done remarkable things. But you're fighting a war you've already lost. He lunges -- and Mal twists gracefully out of the way, grabbing the Operative's swordhand and pulling it forward while driving his elbow into the Operative's neck with staggering force.
160) 6) text: Piece a shrapnel tore up that nerve cluster my first tour. Had it moved. He squats down, looks the Operative in the face.
160) 14) text: Sorry 'bout the throat. Expect you'd wanna say your famous last MW words now. Just one trouble. He reaches over the railing, pulls the back of the Operative's jacket through and shoves the sword through t fabric, pinning the Operative in his sitting position.
162) 0) text: The Operative watches the end of the broadcast. We are on his face through the clear plastic, so the images project on it blur right before him: the Reaver, Dr. Caron -- and screaming doesn't stop til something is shoved in her mou
173) 2) dialog: Do you know what an uproar you've caused? Protests, riots -- cries for a recall of the entire Parliament.
173) 5) dialog: You must be pleased.
173) 7) dialog: I can't guarantee they won't come after you. The Parliament. They have a hundred men like me and they are not forgiving.
173) 9) dialog: I told them the Tams were no longer a threat -- damage done. (MORE)
173) 17) dialog: You won't. There is... (small, grim smile) .nothing left to see. Mal looks at him a moment, then picks up his gear to head inside. The Operative starts away into the rain, then sto to look up at the nose of the ship. ANGLE: the newly painted Serenity, standing tall in the r
173) 18) dialog: (CONTINUING)
173) 19) text: "Serenity". You lost everything in that battle. Everything you had, everything you were... how did you go on? Mal hits the button to close the inner doors, steps insid they slide together. Glances at the Operative, unimpresse