6) 0) text: Young Ned sits on the porch, dressed all in black. He wat as Chuck's 30-something Grey Garden-esque aunts (VIVIAN a LILY) drag large steamer trunks into Chuck's house.
49) 0) text: CAMERA PUSHES IN ON YOUNGER VIVIAN AND YOUNGER LILY, thei backs to us as they sit on the side of the pool facing ve very sparsely populated audience stands, mermaid fins cov their legs. A SIGN READS: "The Darling Mermaid Darlings."
51) 0) text: VIVIAN (early 50's) is cleaning a birdcage. LILY (early 5 dressed in a kimono and an eyepatch) shields her eyes.
72) 5) dialog: Get that, would you dear?
74) 0) text: Teen Vivian and Lily loll underwater, rolling over and ov languidly in sea-shell bikini tops and mermaid fin bottom
74) 2) text: Teen Vivian and Teen Lily dive, pivot, shoot out of the w and flip, perfectly synchronized. The CROWD goes wild.
75) 0) text: 30's VIVIAN and LILY loll underwater, rolling over and ov less gracefully than before, their mermaid fins not as cu
76) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES PAST an advertisement for the "Darling Merma Darlings" to FIND 40's Lily cleaning the litter box as th cat waits patiently for her to be done. She accidentally  flips cat sand in her own face and recoils.
77) 0) text: The cat now sits at the edge of the pool watching 30's Vi and 30's Lily (with an eye patch) loll underwater with no indication of grace, colliding into each other.
78) 0) text: Young Chuck and 30's Vivian and 40's Lily lead a RABBI an train of PALLBEARERS carrying her father's coffin through the GRAVEYARD on the hill above the Synagogue.
79) 0) text: Vivian is preparing a cheese platter while Lily watches a old television playing a NEWSREEL of the DARLING MERMAID  DARLINGS in action, swimming in circles under water. DING-DONG. The doorbell rings.
79) 1) dialog: Get that, would you dear?
81) 0) text: Ned and Emerson sit opposite Vivian, they're surrounded b CAGED BIRDS of all varieties and a maze of newspaper stac As Vivian sets a sad cobbled-together cheese and cracker  plate in front of their guests, Lily prattles on:
81) 1) dialog: Charlotte was a firecracker. Always  trying to get us out of the house,  threatening to bake anti-depressants  into our food. Got to the point I  was scared to eat anything she cooked.
81) 7) dialog: It's impolite to discuss a person's  menopause in mixed company.
81) 9) text: Lily turns the subject back to Charlotte.
81) 10) dialog: Horrible the way Charlotte died. On  a cruise. Last days spent surrounded  by middle-aged over-weight women who  wear sweatshirts with things sewn to  them.  Usually kittens made of felt.  And the food is perfectly atrocious.  Unless she enjoyed vomiting and  diarrhea, I can't imagine she had a  good last meal.
81) 13) dialog: The world isn't that great.
81) 21) dialog: (holds off emotion) We'll never taste her honey again.
87) 0) text: Lily moves to the bed and picks up the briefcase. Behind  her, silhouetted in the door, a MAN quietly ENTERS the ro The parrot SQUAWKS.
87) 2) text: Lily turns around and FWIP - a bag is thrown violently ov her head. She sucks air and it shrink-wraps to her face.
89) 2) text: Ned reaches over and holds Lily's hand...
90) 4) dialog: I can hold my breath for a long time.
90) 5) text: The Plastic Sack Killer turns to see Lily, still alive,  standing at the other end of the hall cocking a shotgun.
90) 6) dialog: 18 years of under-water ballet.
90) 8) text: BLAM! The shotgun KICK PROPELS Lily backward into the  partially closed door behind her and into the next room. The impact of the SHOTGUN BLAST knocks the Plastic Sack K off his feet and THROUGH THE WINDOW BEHIND HIM, the stain steel briefcase clamors to the floor.
92) 0) text: Ned turns from the window to find Lily holding the stainl steel briefcase as Emerson and Vivian come up the stairs.
92) 3) text: Ned, Emerson, Vivian and Lily watch the lone bee fly out window and into the night.
93) 6) text: The Reporters glance at Chuck, then back at Lily and Vivi then swarm to the Darling Mermaid Darlings in a CACOPHONO MURMUR OF QUESTIONS and GASPS. Chuck smiles, pleased with herself...
96) 0) text: The flowers in the yard are blooming and there's a fresh  coat of paint being applied to the house. Lily and Vivian emerge and walk down the path to the gate, stepping out.
97) 0) text: A large metal water tank with port hole windows in the si Vivian and Lily in robes and wearing bathing caps climb t stairs to the platform above the water.