0) 0) text: CAMERA FLIES OVER the "Welcome to Couer d'Couers" sign at the field's edge to FIND a bright, care-free boy of about (YOUNG NED) racing through the flowers sending petals fly as he chases his dog DIGBY, an adorable yellow lab as bri and care-free as Young Ned. Our OMNISCIENT NARRATOR (imag Patrick Stewart reading a bedtime story) begins:
0) 1) dialog: At this very moment in the town of  Couer d'Couers, Young Ned was 9 years,  27 weeks, 6 days, and 3 minutes old.
0) 3) dialog: His dog Digby was 3 years, 2 weeks,  6 days, 5 hours and 9 minutes old.
0) 5) dialog: And not a minute older.
0) 7) dialog: This was the moment Young Ned realized  he wasn't like the other children.  Nor was he like anyone else for that  matter.
0) 13) dialog: Young Ned could touch dead things  and bring them back to life.
1) 1) dialog: It was a gift given to him, but not  by anyone in particular. There was  no box, no instructions, no  manufacturer's warranty. It just  was.
1) 3) dialog: The terms of use weren't immediately  clear nor were they of immediate  concern.
2) 1) dialog: Young Ned was in love.
2) 4) dialog: Her name was Chuck. At this very  moment, she was 8 years, 42 weeks, 3  hours and 2 minutes old.
2) 6) dialog: Young Ned did not think of her as  being born or hatched or conceived  in any way. Chuck came ready made  from the Play-Doh Fun Factory of  Life.
3) 3) dialog: He was under Chuck's spell... until  a blood vessel in his mother's brain  burst, killing her instantly.
4) 3) dialog: Young Ned's random gift that was  came with a caveat or two...
4) 12) dialog: It was a gift that not only gave...  it took.
4) 14) dialog: Young Ned discovered he could only  bring the dead back to life for one  minute without consequence. Any longer  and someone else had to die.
4) 16) dialog: It was the most delicious pie ever  baked because it was the pie that  was not meant to be.
5) 1) dialog: Young Ned realized somehow in the  grand universal scheme of things, he  had traded his mother's life for  Chuck's father's.
5) 3) dialog: And he was horrified.
5) 7) dialog: But there was one more thing about  touching dead things that Young Ned  didn't know. And he learned it in  the most unfortunate way.
5) 11) dialog: First touch, life. Second touch,  dead again forever.
6) 1) dialog: Chuck was orphaned when her father  died and fostered by her aunts Vivian  and Lily. A renowned synchronized  swimming duo, they shared matching  personality disorders and a love for  fine cheese.
7) 1) dialog: For all intents, Young Ned was  orphaned, too. After a brief mourning  period, his father panicked at raising  a child alone. In the wake of that  panic, Ned was hustled off to boarding  school.
8) 3) dialog: At their respective parent's  funerals...
9) 1) dialog: ...dizzy with grief, curiosity and  hormones, Young Ned and a girl named  Chuck had their first and only kiss.
9) 3) dialog: The effect of his Mother's death on  Ned's psyche was twofold. He avoided  social attachments, fearing what  he'd do if someone else he loved  died.  Secondly, he became obsessed  with pies.
9) 5) dialog: It's 19 years, 34 weeks, 1 day and  59 minutes later...
10) 1) dialog: Young Ned has become "The Pie-Maker,"  owner and pastry chef of "The Pie  Hole."
10) 5) dialog: The expression "pie in the sky"  entered popular culture in 1911,  referring to a dessert so sweet it  can only be found in heaven. But...
11) 1) dialog: ...if you crave something before you  die I recommend where the Pie Maker  makes his pies.
12) 1) dialog: The peaches never brown. Berries  ripe as the instant they were plucked.  If they weren't so delicious and  eaten so quickly, folks might notice  the pies stayed fresh an unusually  long time.
12) 3) dialog: That's because the Pie Maker  personally touches the contents of  every one.
12) 5) dialog: The dead fruit in his hands becomes  ripe with ever-lasting flavor -- as  long as he only touches it once.
12) 7) dialog: For this reason, the Pie-Maker is a  vegetarian.
12) 11) dialog: He bakes alone, whistling quietly to  himself, rarely pursing his lips  tight enough to produce a sound.
13) 6) dialog: Emerson Cod, soon to be enjoying a  slice of three plum pie ala mode,  was the sole keeper of the Pie Maker's  secret.
14) 3) dialog: And how he came to be the sole keeper  of the Pie Maker's secret...
14) 5) dialog: After the runaway corpse, Emerson  Cod, a Private Investigator, proposed  a partnership with the Pie Maker.
14) 7) dialog: Murders are much easier to solve  when you can ask the victim who killed  them.
14) 9) dialog: Since the bakery was on the verge of  financial ruin, the Pie Maker agreed  so he could keep his Pie Hole open.
15) 24) dialog: The facts were these: one Leonard  Gaswint, 39 years, 42 weeks, 5 days,  3 hours and 26 minutes old, was found  mauled to death in a parking garage.
16) 1) dialog: His dog Cantaloupe was the soul  witness and only suspect in the  murder.
16) 3) dialog: Convinced of her innocence, the  Gaswint family offered a significant  reward to find the real killer.
25) 16) dialog: And then came the event that changed  everything.
25) 20) dialog: The Pie-Maker listened intently to  the news, unaware that he stopped  breathing.  He was haunted by the  nameless woman who met her end on  the high seas.
25) 23) dialog: But he didn't know why.
28) 7) dialog: The Pie-Maker remembers everything.
29) 1) dialog: The facts were these... Charlotte  Charles, 28 years, 24 weeks, 3 days,  11 hours, and 51 minutes old, was  found floating in the ocean moments  after her body was discarded there.
29) 3) dialog: Discarded by whom seemed to be a  question only Charlotte Charles could  answer.
29) 7) dialog: Jewish law prescribes burial in a  plain white shroud to demonstrate  equality for all. No bling. For this  reason...
30) 1) dialog: ...the nondenominational Funeral  Director preferred non-Jewish  services.
32) 15) dialog: Only Prince Charming could know how  the Pie-Maker felt upon looking at  her.
32) 17) dialog: Great thought was taken as to where  to touch her. The hand too impersonal,  lips too forward, the cheek... the  cheek.
35) 4) dialog: His lips went as far as they would  go.  He couldn't will them to go any  further.
43) 1) dialog: Only Sleeping Beauty could know how  Chuck felt at this moment. With a  brush of his finger across her cheek,  the world became a place of magic.
43) 3) dialog: And then the pallbearers pulled her  out of the hearse.
48) 1) dialog: Lying in the dark, Chuck considered  how she came to be lying in the dark.
49) 1) dialog: She considered the life that was  with Aunts Lily and Vivian.
50) 1) dialog: No longer nursing at the teat of  synchronized swimming stardom, their  personality disorders blossomed into  incapacitating social phobias.
51) 1) dialog: Which made it difficult for them to  leave the house.
51) 3) dialog: Which in turn made it difficult for  Chuck to leave them.
52) 1) dialog: She never strayed far from home. She  served the community by harvesting  honey in her backyard...
53) 1) dialog: ...and read about people she could  never be, on adventures she would  never have.
54) 1) dialog: Life was good enough until one day...   it wasn't. Chuck wanted more.
54) 3) dialog: The irony that her want for life got  her killed was not lost.
58) 2) dialog: In a strange bed watching her own  funeral on the evening news, Chuck  was struck by the undignified nature  of celebrity.
58) 5) dialog: Maybe her death should be celebrated.   If she hadn't died, she wouldn't  have this chance to finally live.
64) 27) dialog: The Pie-Maker hadn't considered Chuck  could be anything but the little  girl next door he fell in love with.
64) 31) dialog: She only ever had charitable thoughts  and her heart was filled with  kindness.
65) 1) dialog: She was who he wanted her to be and  no one else... until proven otherwise.
66) 1) dialog: Diedre Duffield was the local manager  of Boutique Travel travel boutique  who lured Chuck with the promise of  a highseas adventure at no cost...
67) 1) dialog: The facts were these: in a shrewd  marketing ploy, the Boutique Travel  travel boutique offered a 100,000  dollar reward in the death of  Charlotte Charles.
68) 1) dialog: Boutique Travel travel boutique  manager, Diedre Duffield, hoped it 
68) 5) dialog: would catch a killer before a killer  caught her.
70) 1) dialog: Although on-line sales increased by  23 percent, the reward fell short of  achieving its desired goal.
72) 3) dialog: It was Aunt Vivian and Aunt Lily who  received custody of the monkeys. And  they were about to be paid a visit  by the man willing to kill for them.
73) 6) dialog: Chuck was the Pie-Maker's pie and he  could never have a bite.
73) 16) dialog: For 19 years, 33 weeks, 3 days, 7  hours and 42 minutes, Aunt Vivian  and Aunt Lily were all Chuck had.  And before Chuck, all they had were  each other.
74) 1) dialog: They made a name for themselves as  the "Darling Mermaid Darlings."
75) 1) dialog: Still holding onto their fading glory  as under-water artists, their lives  were changed forever...
76) 1) dialog: ...when Lily cleaned the litter box  and got dirty cat sand in her eye.
77) 1) dialog: Not only was the eye lost but their  careers, too.
78) 1) dialog: They retreated behind a fence and  made sure the world stayed on the  other side.
82) 1) dialog: For the life of her, Chuck couldn't  remember why she was so desperate to  leave her Aunts behind.
85) 1) dialog: The monkeys of indeterminate  sentimental value took on a new  sentimental value for Chuck. If she  couldn't keep her Aunts, she was  going to keep them.
89) 3) dialog: In a rare moment of sensitivity, the  Pie-Maker reached out and touched  someone... who didn't want to be  touched.
90) 13) dialog: The jig appeared to be up. Aunt Lily  was looking directly at her niece.  Her niece who wasn't supposed to be  alive.
90) 15) dialog: And if she possessed two good eyes,  she would have seen her.
91) 3) dialog: A rush of warmth washed over the Pie  Maker, he would later describe this  feeling as delight. The girl he  rescued from death had returned the  favor.
92) 2) dialog: And she gave a little sweetness to  the ones she left behind.
93) 3) dialog: And saw that the Darling Mermaid  Darlings had another go at the teat  of stardom.
95) 15) dialog: The Pie Maker wanted to tell Chuck  about that fateful afternoon when he  brought his mother back and  inadvertently killed her father, but  instead he said...
95) 17) dialog: He lied.
96) 1) dialog: With a renewed interest in the world  on the other side of their fence,  Vivian and Lily retreated from their  retreat...
97) 1) dialog: ...and took the plunge.
98) 1) dialog: And the Pie-Maker and Chuck took a  plunge of their own...
98) 3) dialog: The facts were these: one Martin  Miltenberger, Principal of the Beales  School for Boys was found stabbed to  death in the school's walk-in freezer.
98) 5) dialog: But before Principal Miltenberger  could get into the specifics of his  demise, Chuck thought it would be  nice to ask...
98) 8) dialog: It was something the Pie Maker never  thought or cared enough to ask until  Chuck back into his life.
98) 12) dialog: As he stared at her, he reached around  and held his hand behind his back,  pretending he was holding hers.
98) 14) dialog: And at that very moment she was  pretending to be holding his.