6) 0) text: Young Ned sits on the porch, dressed all in black. He wat as Chuck's 30-something Grey Garden-esque aunts (VIVIAN a LILY) drag large steamer trunks into Chuck's house.
49) 0) text: CAMERA PUSHES IN ON YOUNGER VIVIAN AND YOUNGER LILY, thei backs to us as they sit on the side of the pool facing ve very sparsely populated audience stands, mermaid fins cov their legs. A SIGN READS: "The Darling Mermaid Darlings."
51) 0) text: VIVIAN (early 50's) is cleaning a birdcage. LILY (early 5 dressed in a kimono and an eyepatch) shields her eyes.
74) 0) text: Teen Vivian and Lily loll underwater, rolling over and ov languidly in sea-shell bikini tops and mermaid fin bottom
74) 2) text: Teen Vivian and Teen Lily dive, pivot, shoot out of the w and flip, perfectly synchronized. The CROWD goes wild.
75) 0) text: 30's VIVIAN and LILY loll underwater, rolling over and ov less gracefully than before, their mermaid fins not as cu
78) 0) text: Young Chuck and 30's Vivian and 40's Lily lead a RABBI an train of PALLBEARERS carrying her father's coffin through the GRAVEYARD on the hill above the Synagogue.
79) 0) text: Vivian is preparing a cheese platter while Lily watches a old television playing a NEWSREEL of the DARLING MERMAID  DARLINGS in action, swimming in circles under water. DING-DONG. The doorbell rings.
81) 0) text: Ned and Emerson sit opposite Vivian, they're surrounded b CAGED BIRDS of all varieties and a maze of newspaper stac As Vivian sets a sad cobbled-together cheese and cracker  plate in front of their guests, Lily prattles on:
81) 4) dialog: She was a good cook. And a nice girl.   Do you like girls?
81) 6) dialog: Charlotte was a nice girl.  With the  exception of puberty. Which was  unfortunately the same time Lily was  going through her change of life.
81) 8) dialog: It nearly killed me.
81) 14) dialog: At least she had the sense not to  fly.  Airplanes fall outta the sky  every day.
81) 20) dialog: It's delicious with Charlotte's honey.   You haven't lived until you've tasted  her honey. The homeless love it.
89) 0) text: Ned, Emerson and Vivian in the living room.
89) 1) dialog: Charlotte always wanted to get away.   Got away further than any of us  thought.
92) 0) text: Ned turns from the window to find Lily holding the stainl steel briefcase as Emerson and Vivian come up the stairs.
92) 3) text: Ned, Emerson, Vivian and Lily watch the lone bee fly out window and into the night.
96) 0) text: The flowers in the yard are blooming and there's a fresh  coat of paint being applied to the house. Lily and Vivian emerge and walk down the path to the gate, stepping out.
97) 0) text: A large metal water tank with port hole windows in the si Vivian and Lily in robes and wearing bathing caps climb t stairs to the platform above the water.