1) 0) text: We move through a spooky shrouded parlor, as a storm rage outside.  THUNDER roars, and lightning flashes in the gia windows.  in the center of the room lies an oak coffin. Suddenly the lid starts to creak open. A hand crawls past the edge... and then the lid slams up!  Famed psychic CRI pops out.  Criswell, 40, peers at us intently, his gleami eyes framed under his striking pale blonde hair.  He into with absolute conviction:
1) 2) text: We are giving you all the evidence, based only on the secret testimony of the miserable souls who survived this terrifying ordeal.  The incidents, the places, my friend, we cannot keep this a secret any longer. Can your hearts stand the shocking facts of the true story of Edward D. Wood, Junior??
2) 0) text: Lightning CRACKS. We drift down past the dark clouds... through the torrent rain... and end up...
4) 6) text: INSERT - THE NEWSPAPER.  Ed turns to a column, "The Theat Life, By Victor Crowley."  Under this is a photograph of man with an ascot.
7) 7) text: See, the story opens with these mysterious explosions.  Nobody knows what's causing them, but it's upsetting all the buffalo.  So the military is called in to solve the mystery.
9) 6) text: R-really?  I didn't see the story.
10) 2) text: Hello, Mr. Weiss?  I heard about your new project and was curious if you signed a director.  Oh -- you haven't?  Well, if we could get together, I could explain why I'm more qualified to direct this than anyone else in town.  (beat)   
11) 1) text: Look, when I said you could have the western territories, I didn't mean all eleven states!  I meant California, Oregon, and uh, what's that one above it... Washington.  Oh really?!  Well screw you! Georgie slams down the phone.  He smiles warmly at Ed.
11) 13) text: Well, Mr. Weiss, I'm your guy.  I work fast, and I'm a deal: I write AND direct.  And I'm good.  I just did a play in Hollywood, and Victor Crowley praised its realism.
11) 27) text: I don't hire directors with burning desires to tell their stories. I make movies like "Chained Girls." I need someone with experience who can shoot a film in four days that'll make me a profit. (beat)
24) 3) text: No, I don't care if they're not actors.  I want realism.  I want this film to tell the truth!  I've waited my whole life for this shot, and I'm not gonna blow it. There's a KNOCK at the door.  Ed carries the phone on a l cord and answers it.  Bela hurries in, smiling broadly.
27) 9) text: It's about this guy.  He's crazy about this girl but he likes to wear dresses.  Should he tell her? Should he not tell her?  He's torn. George, this is DRAMA. Georgie throws up his hands
28) 0) text: We are on location for Ed's first film!  A SMALL CREW of dozen unpacks the camera and reflectors from their cars. voice rises above the hubbub.
28) 4) text: After lunch, we'll bring in the Inspector and the Doctor.  The Doctor is very important to the plot, so we might have to spend time on retakes. But it's worth it.  Scene totals for the first day is thirty-four. (he catches a breath)
29) 0) text: The company is now shooting inside a dinky soundstage.  T are dirty mattresses tacked on the walls.  They prep Bela set: A fishnet-draped armchair in front of a flat.  Ed is perched high in his director's chair, back in men's cloth
31) 6) text: Ed, what was the one thing I asked you to do?  Make it seven reels long. I've got contracts with my exhibitors.  If it ain't over an hour, they won't play it.
39) 0) text: Feldman and his fellow SMARMY EXECUTIVES sit in a plush screening room.  They are viewing "Glen Or Glenda." ON-SCREEN, Ed is in drag.  A SOLEMN NARRATOR within the m speaks:
42) 10) text: Now entering the ring, in the gold trunks, 350 bone-crunching pounds of pure strength, the "Swedish Angel"... Tor Johnson!!! The crowd goes apeshit.  The stands are going to collapse the SHOUTING. Ed's eyes are the size of saucers.
43) 0) text: A tiny miniature European car pulls up.  Tor Johnson is squeezed inside -- ludicrously oversized for this vehicle carefully wedges himself out and enters the bar.
44) 0) text: This rowdy bar is packed with burly WRESTLERS.  Tor walks and men cheerily yell out: "Hey, Tor!" "Hi, Tor!"  Tor gr In person, he actually seems a jolly, outgoing fellow. Ed waves from the corner
44) 4) text: Da pleasure be mine. They shake hands.  Ed's hands look like a baby's in Tor's mitts. Tor tries to sit in the booth.  But he can't fit.
57) 0) text: The Host angrily storms past.
62) 7) text: Dolores, don't you understand?  I'm a director now!  I made "Glen Or Glenda."  Directing is my day job.
66) 33) text: No, you're not that upset.  You want to keep moving.  You wanna cross the room. (Tor exits)
66) 64) text: "Dear, you're lovely." (he turns to Tor)
66) 65) text: "Strap her to the table." Tor starts to tie Loretta down, then gets distracted by a of angora hooked to his waist.  He rubs it lovingly, calm then suddenly refuses. Bela is furious.
66) 67) text: Bela pulls out an oversized BULLWHIP and starts WHIPPING Tor screams in agony.
66) 69) text: Bela chases Tor around the set, WHIPPING him.
66) 75) text: Tor jubilantly hugs Loretta.  She grimaces.
68) 19) text: You don't know me, but my name is Ed Wood.  I'm a film producer.  I'm currently in production on a science-fiction piece, with Bela Lugosi and Swedish wrestler Tor Johnson.  And I saw you here, and I thought: Kismet! Vampira stares, totally uncomprehending.
68) 37) text: You can't go!  You haven't seen the storyboards! The backers run out of the room. They're gone. Ed shouts after them.
72) 2) text: Whew!  That's quite a story.  So you made the movie, and now you want to make it again?
73) 0) text: We're at a ROWDY wrestling match.  Tor Johnson is in the of a screaming, four-man tag-team event.  Tor THROWS his opponent to the ground; then tags with his partner and go the corner. Suddenly a WRESTLING COACH runs up, dragging a telephone very long cord.
74) 30) text: Okay.  Janet Lawton has discovered that Dr. Vornoff bought the old Willows estate.  So now she wants to prove that all the monster stories are true. Dolores nods sourly.  She s in a trouble-making mood.
76) 0) text: g pink Cadillac convertible races down the Ed and Criswell are in front, and Tor, Conrad and Paul to the back.
78) 12) text: Standing straight below is Tor.  The Swede has his arms outstretched, waiting. Ed supervises a good distance away.  He motions to Paul. Paul gulps, then unties the octopus. It drops incredibly fast.  The thing must weigh half a to Tor's eyes widen. And the octopus smashes straight on top of him.
81) 0) text: The movie crew is setting up for a big night shoot.  Ligh generators are sprawled across this isolated area. Tony McCoy perches goofily on his own personalized chair. runs lines by himself.
81) 12) text: Paul, where's the octopus motor?
81) 16) text: Hey, don't blame me!  You didn't say anything about no motor when I was up on that ceiling! Bela stumbles up, with a dazed smile.
83) 0) text: They are shooting.  Ed watches off-camera, as Bela acts a somber scene with an actor playing PROFESSOR STROWSKI, a threatening European.
84) 0) text: The wrap party is being thrown in the meat packing plant. People laugh and shout and carry on.  Tor pours booze in punch.  R&amp;B MUSIC plays.  Old Man McCoy dances with L Bunny dances with a young stud.  Dolores stands by hersel Bela and Criswell are giggling.
89) 0) text: Ed drives his Nash though a tract Valley neighborhood and reaches Tor's little house.  Ed gets out, still looking g He walks up the tulip-lined path and rings the DOORBELL. Clanging SWEDISH CHIMES bong inside. The door flies open, and Tor appears, beaming.
90) 0) text: Ed steps in.  The house is filled with cuckoo clocks and Swedish knick-knacks.  Tor gestures proudly.
91) 0) text: Everyone noisily eats dinner.  The table looks like a Smorgasbord.  Entire hams, turkeys, a full case of beer, incredible quantities are being shoveled in.  Tor empties beer in one gulp, then opens another.
91) 8) text: Oopsy.  That cabbage goes right through me. Tor stands and hurries from the room.  Ed awkwardly makes conversation.
91) 13) text: I do not approve of what you do with my husband Tor.  He is not a monster. These horror pictures are humiliating. Ed has no response.  Suddenly -- CRASH!  There's a loud o SLAM, falling porcelain, then Tor SHOUTS FURIOUSLY in Swe
97) 0) text: There is another rambunctious party in progress.  Crepe p streamers hang down.  Bela approaches Tor.
106) 13) text: Doctor?  I'm with Mr. Lugosi.  How is he?
108) 3) text: Hi, Ed.  Boy, he's got a lot of visitors today.
112) 0) text: Ed and the Doctor stand in a doorway, talking.
124) 0) text: Ed drives.  Tor, ill Bela, Vampira, and Criswell are cram with him, along with bewildered Kathy. Everyone is dressed in gaudy "scary" outfits.  Tor wears frightening WHITE CONTACT LENSES.
128) 0) text: Criswell points Tor in the right direction, and the group stumbles in.  Ed escorts excited Kathy.
142) 0) text: Services are in progress.  J. Edward Reynolds leads a CHO singing an emotional SPIRITUAL. Ed, Tor, Criswell, Paul, Conrad, Vampira, Kathy, Bunny, a Tom Mason sit in back.  They're all wearing white robes a arguing about the doctor.
146) 0) text: And inside is the "Grave Robbers From Outer Space" famous CEMETERY SET!  The film is in production!  Packed into a stinking little studio are a few scrawny twigs, branches, flimsy cardboard tombstones set against a black drop. Tot struts about gregariously, in his "Inspector Clay" su He chats up the CREW.
146) 15) dialog: "You get statement frumk vitnesses?"
146) 17) dialog: "Findink mess like dis oughta make anyone frightened.  Have one of da boyz take dem back to town.  You       take jarge."      
146) 53) text: Are you IN5ANE?  I'm the director! I make the casting decisions around here!