13) 1) dialog: Unit 31 was leased for ten years.  Pre-paid in full... The contract is  in the name of "Miss Hester Mofet."
14) 3) dialog: Not to my knowledge. Privacy is a  great concern to my customers. But,  if you say this is an FBI matter...
14) 6) dialog: We could return tomorrow, with my  son. Or perhaps some workmen...?
14) 7) text: Clarice crosses to her Pinto, which faces the shed, reach in to turn on her headlights. Mr. Yow blinks in the sudde brightness. Then she opens her truck, rummaging inside, a returns with a bumper jack, a flashlight, and a rubber fl mat.
14) 9) text: She gives him her flashlight and camera, drops the mat on the ground, then sets the bumper jack in place, under the center of the door. She pumps on the jack handle as the d SQUEALS slowly up, but it won't go higher than about 18  inches, despite all her exertions. She spreads out the ru mat on the cement, takes the flashlight from Mr. Yow, the lies on the mat.
15) 0) text: Clarice, backlit, peers under the door. She reaches in, m a sweep with her flashlight. We catch shadowy outlines -  boxes, then the flattened tires of a car... SOUND of rain on the tin roof, and other noises, too - sm RUSTLINGS. Mr. Yow's chubby face appears down beside  Clarice's.
15) 1) dialog: It smells like mice... I think I  hear them, too - don't you?
15) 3) dialog: You're going in there?
16) 2) dialog: Might I suggest tucking your pants  into your socks? To prevent mouse  intrusion.
17) 1) dialog: Okay, Miss Starling?
17) 5) dialog: You're playing a piano, Miss Starling?
17) 7) dialog: Oh.
17) 13) dialog: Oh my! Oh my... Maybe you better  come out now, Miss Starling.
32) 0) text: A shadowy male figure looks down at us, leaning over the  edge of a deep hole. He holds a little white poodle in hi arms, stroking it. This is MR. GUMB, aka "Buffalo Bill."
32) 1) dialog: (softly) Rub the cream on your skin. Rub it  in gooood...
32) 5) dialog: Rub it in! Or you'll get the hose  again.
32) 7) dialog: Yes, it will, Precious, won't it? It  will get the hose!
32) 12) dialog: No. Just one day...
32) 16) dialog: Put the bottle in the basket. No  funny business, or you'll be sorry...
44) 8) text: We TURN another corner, and there is Mr. Gumb himself. As APPROACH, his wide back is to us; he's hunched over an ol fashioned sewing machine, humming cheerfully, and working piece of material that we mercifully cannot see. A female wig rests near him on a head form. He wears a hairnet and beautiful kimono, and pumps the treadle with his bare fee
44) 10) text: Next to Mr. Gumb is an antique phonograph - source of the MUSIC. His little dog, Precious, perches by his plump ank As we PASS Mr. Gumb, Precious scurries away from him, pan happily, and we FOLLOW the little dog down another corrid the music starting to fade behind us...
65) 0) text: MOVING ANGLE - MR. GUMB'S POV as he pushes a rolling rack completed leather garments, each wrapped in plastic, down aisle. SOUND of many sewing machines, all clattering at o as he passes row on row of work tables. The seamstresses, mostly black or Hispanic, glance up as he passes, then qu avert their eyes, his presence disturbing them in some  nameless way. A thin FOREMAN in a flowery shirt, sees him approaching. rises from his desk and comes over cheerfully, as the rac rolls to a stop.
65) 4) dialog: (a harsh whisper) Oil.
65) 6) dialog: You're leaving oil on the skin.
65) 9) text: Mr. Gumb's hand reaches INTO SHOT, snatching an envelope  from him. The foreman is watching him walk away, as a  seamstress comes over to take the rack of garments. The  foreman is vaguely troubled, but shakes it off. He stroke the jacket again, admiringly.
90) 0) text: CLOSE ON the needle of the Victrola, on the spinning reco as Mr. Gumb's fingers lift away. MUSIC continues in  background.
90) 1) dialog: (calling out) Preeeeecious...!
90) 2) text: CLOSE ON the moth cage, as Mr. Gumb's fingers search thro the humus, and find a plump new cocoon, lifting it out. T door of the cage is left open, and one or two of the adul moths flutter out.
90) 3) dialog: Precious, come on Precious! Busy  busy day today...
90) 5) dialog: Momma's gonna be sooo beautiful!
90) 6) text: CLOSE ON a stainless steel Colt Python, with a six-inch  barrel, as the cylinder is spun, and the hammer gets a  practice cock. The metallic CLICK is deep and loud. A not of alarm has entered Mr. Gumb's voice.
90) 7) dialog: You come here this minute, you little  scamp!
90) 8) text: LOW ANGLE on Mr. Gumb, wearing the kimono, as he walks th his sewing workroom. His back is to us; he is looking  anxiously under the furniture. He stops, straightens.  Genuinely scared.
90) 9) dialog: Precious...?
90) 11) dialog: Sweetheart...?
90) 14) text: Mr. Gumb's fist flies to his mouth, and he sags against t doorframe. A little groan escaped him; the dog answers wi a series of YIPS.
90) 15) text: as Mr. Gumb's dark shape leans cautiously over the edge.
90) 16) dialog: Precious, are you all right?
90) 19) text: on Mr. Gumb, as, with a cry of fury, he whips the Colt fr inside his kimono. The muzzle gleams as he takes aim. Catherine yanks the dog up, into his line of fire, scream at him.
90) 21) dialog: (wails) Nooooooo!
90) 24) text: as Mr. Gumb cries out again - a terrible, inarticulate sc of rage and anguish. But then he slowly lowers his gun.
90) 27) dialog: stares down at her, a long beat, breathing heavily.
90) 28) dialog: You think she's in pain? You don't  know what pain is. But you're going  to find out...
100) 0) text: CLOSE ON Mr. Gumb, as he settles a big pair of infra-red  night-vision goggles over his eyes. Moths flutter past hi face. His mouth is set in a grim line...
102) 0) text: CLOSE ON a fuse box, as Mr. Gumb reaches in, flips a swit The lights go out. SOUND of a second switch, and the cell is bathed in a green glow...
104) 0) text: Mr. Gumb, in his kimono and goggles, creeps silently thro his workrooms - knees bent, painted toes places ever so  delicately, the Colt held aloft - as more moths flutter p him in the eerie light...
106) 0) text: MR. GUMB'S POV - MOVING ANGLE on the top of the oubliette glowing green circle in the dark, as it draws closer and  closer... and then Catherine comes INTO VIEW, at the bott of the pit. She is crouched, exhausted, staring straight at him - but she can't see him in this infra-red darkness Precious is curled into her stomach, asleep. The futon is to Catherine's waist, but there's a clear shot at her hea and neck.
106) 1) dialog: Looking down at her, smiles...
108) 0) text: Slowly, savoring the moment, Mr. Gumb aims the big Colt,  which is already cocked, using both hands... He is just a to squeeze the trigger, when we hear his DOOR BUZZER,  surprisingly loud and close by. He turns, startled, and s
108) 2) dialog: raises his gun again, spinning back towards -
108) 4) dialog: bites his lip, his aim wavering, as he can't decide where safely place his shot. The maddening BUZZER sounds again, even more insistently, and he cries out with frustration fury. But as the BUZZER continues, he reluctantly uncocks his gun, looking up angrily towards his front door...
109) 2) text: Mr. Gumb frowns out at Clarice. For the first time ever, get a well-lit view of his bland, pale-eyed moon of a fac
109) 3) dialog: They don't live here anymore.
111) 0) text: Mr. Gumb starts to close the door, only to have Clarice p back against it, politely but firmly. She holds up her ID
111) 2) dialog: (beat) Just briefly. What's the problem,  Officer?
113) 0) text: Clarice and Mr. Gumb, still eyeing each other through the door crack...
113) 2) dialog: Jack Gordon.
113) 4) dialog: No. Wait... Was she a great, fat  person? I may have seen her, I'm not  sure...
115) 0) text: Mr. Gumb glances briefly over his shoulder, towards his  kitchen, then turns back to Clarice with a smile.
115) 1) dialog: Mrs. Lippman had a son, maybe he  could help you. I have his card  somewhere. Do you mind stepping  inside, while I looks for it?
115) 3) text: which rests on a counter, just inside the open kitchen  doorway. THROUGH this doorway, we watch as Mr. Gumb, at t end of his front hall, slips the chain. Clarice enters,  closing the door behind her.
117) 1) dialog: That horrible business, I shiver  every time I think about it...
117) 2) text: Overstuffed furniture, porcelain figurines. One archway o the front hall, another onto a dining alcove, and through there, the kitchen. Mr. Gumb is crossing to a rolling des raising the top. He bends over, begins poking through cub holes. His tone is casual, neutral.
117) 3) dialog: Are they close to catching somebody,  do you think?
117) 5) text: Mr. Gumb stiffens, almost imperceptibly. His back is to h as he continues opening drawers, rustling papers.
117) 7) dialog: Yes. I bought the house from her,  two years ago.
117) 10) dialog: No, nothing at all. Has the FBI  learned something? Because the police  here don't seem to have the first  clue...
117) 12) dialog: Do you have his description yet, or  some fingerprints...?
117) 16) dialog: turns back towards her cheerfully, holding out a business card.
117) 17) dialog: Ahhh. Here's that number.
117) 20) dialog: is about to reply when the moth suddenly flies up from be him, flutters past his face. He turns, looking at it. He  looks back at Clarice, his mouth still open.
117) 23) dialog: (softly) In the kitchen. I'll show you.
117) 26) dialog: slowly tilts his head to one side, smiles at her.
117) 29) dialog: turns, then all at once, in two quick steps, he is gone,  disappearing into his dining alcove, then kitchen.
119) 0) text: MOVING ANGLE - WITH CLARICE - hurrying down the steps. Mo SCREAMS; they seem to be coming from the left door. Clari goes that way, entering a brick-walled passage - pipes ov head, naked bulbs. The lighting, though dim, is incandesc Mr. Gumb has switched off his infra-red system. Clarice c to a T-shaped intersection, stops. Another SCREAM, again her left, and the BARKING of a dog...
126) 1) dialog: who has flattened himself against a wall, arms spread lik high priest, Colt in one hand. He wears his goggles and  kimono, and under that - draping down over his naked arms like some hideous mantle - his terrifying, half-completed suit of human skins. This is an exquisite moment for him ritual of supreme exaltation. He smiles at Clarice as,  completely unaware, she moves beyond him, exposing her ba Very slowly and quietly he steps out behind her, taking h gun in both hands, aiming...
126) 6) text: as she crawls forward, on her elbows, following her gun,  until it bumps against Mr. Gumb's shoulder. He is lying o his back, chest a bloody mess. She slides her muzzle agai his head, hard, but he doesn't move; another shot isn't  needed. He stares upwards, through his goggles, bloody li working. He tries to speak, but cannot. One hand reaches  slowly upwards, the fingers twitching, as if to seize  something, overhead... Then a final, ghastly groan, his h drops, he is dead. Clarice feels for a pulse at his neck, making sure. Then, and only then, does she permit herself roll over, collapsing onto her back beside him.