3) 0) text: As CRISTINA, six years old and adorable, waits patiently step down. She sees her mother and grins and waves excite digging into her little pack to pull out an English book which she displays with pride. Now she steps down from th bus and, as she walks TOWARD CAMERA, narration begins. Th voice is of a girl eleven years older than the child we s
21) 0) text: Standing in a nicely decorated middle class restaurant, Cristina, totally bilingual, speaks to the American hoste with a pronounced and charming accent as her mother, stan beside her, bounces with energy and joy.
21) 1) dialog: Could we have a table for two, please? Flor says something to her in Spanish..the daughter waves off and when the mother persists, she translates.
21) 2) dialog: We're celebrating.
21) 5) dialog: Wow, expensive..
21) 7) dialog: This is just for the starter? Flor, encouraging her daughter's spirit of adventure, pla her hand over the prices in the menu.
21) 9) dialog: (to men)
21) 10) text: This is very embarrassing but-- "what's wrong with you? I'm with my daughter for God's sake!" Then hostess, Flor and finally Cristina laugh. Cristina relishes getting back to ordering from the menu...in a mo that is a bit noteworthy..
21) 11) dialog: And I would like to begin with the Jumbo Shrimp. 37   EXT. STONE CANYON - DAY - 6:30 A.M. Flor smiling..enjoying the canyon..as she walks the mile from the bus stop to work..one of a straggly line of domestics. Deborah jogs into view.
36) 2) dialog: Try it on. Flor asks again in Spanish...trying to find a precise phrase.. The nuance important to her.
36) 3) dialog: Please try it on? Flor knows the word "please"..it's not what she wants...w she wants is a way to say, "try it on" in a manner which not a request..or order, but is, rather, friendly and car Her daughter works on the problem.
36) 4) dialog: Just try it on?
36) 7) dialog: (small accent)
50) 5) text: New York Times.. 73   INT. FLOR'S APT. - NIGHT... Cristina, standing, translating the review into Spanish f her mother...as she comes to the last sentence.
50) 7) dialog: Wow..."John Clasky es el mejor chef en Los Estados Unidos..
59) 0) text: As Cristina, trying to suppress her grin, skips quickly d the stairs moving towards a truck from John's restaurant. Flor follows tight lipped - resolved. They each carry man clothes on wire hangers. A group of girls on the balcony literally cheer Cristina on.
60) 0) text: The two women in the truck and then.. 89   INT. TRUCK - DAY. As the truck leaves the tunnel and all is cliffs, sand, a waves..Cristina taking it in, unaware that her mother's e never leave her.
63) 0) text: Behind Flor and Cristina as they move toward the Claskys their destiny....Flor behind her daughter. REVERSE - CLOSE ON CRISTINA. As her eyes pop on seeing the Clasky beach house.
63) 10) text: I'm so glad to meet you. I'm a fan of your mother's. CRISTINA
63) 11) text: I'm Cristina. As all acknowledge each other Deborah tugs at Bernie's to which is half tucked in. BERNICE
63) 12) text: (kidding around but right on) No comparisons, please, no comparisons. Evelyn shoves her granddaughter for the self- deprecation..Flor says something to her daughter in Spani CRISTINA
63) 14) text: Have you ever been to the beach here? CRISTINA
63) 16) text: Here's the most important place in the house..grab this stuff whenever you want. CRISTINA
63) 22) dialog: (to Deborah)
63) 26) dialog: Thank you. I am thrilled to be here.
65) 0) text: Flor and Cristina, two sea nymphs, lit by the floodlights from the beach homes. OTHER ANGLE. John and Georgie in the waves..body surfing...they get to shore...John sees the two females..dashing in the water i their bathing suits..He remains hidden in a very shallow as they run in...then once they are in he starts taking o his wet suit hurriedly... ON JOHN.. As he suffers the cold -- Georgie enjoying every moment.
66) 0) text: Wave lights still shining..On a dune sits Cristina, looki out.
67) 0) text: As Deborah steps out on the deck and sees Cristina.
67) 3) text: Cristina looks around -- then up..
67) 4) dialog: Oh, hi..so beautiful..I was just excited.
67) 6) dialog: Yes...I just .. (awash..a shy laugh) I didn't know what to say?
67) 8) dialog: I don't know what that...
67) 10) dialog: I don't want to wake my mother so early.
68) 2) text: She goes to Cristina's bed...atop the bed is a note. She picks it up.
68) 8) dialog: It was an adventure which I'll remember.
68) 10) dialog: Just recently I've had a dream in English.
68) 12) dialog: I am so sorry. I -- uh..I'd ..I uh, can't tell ..This is so uncomfortable.
68) 14) dialog: I, uh, guess so..but I do.
71) 3) dialog: Not right now. Flor puts an arm around her shoulder, leading her off and speaking to her forcefully in Spanish.
72) 0) text: MUSIC IN: Action, purpose, energy.. Flor is dictating in Spanish as Cristina writes it down in English on a pad. Cristina enormously uncomfortable. INSERT - THE PAD. The pad, in effect, lends subtitles to Flor's words. Cris winces with the words she records even while punctuating perfectly.
75) 0) text: Deborah stands over Cristina, who is writing in Spanish a note Deborah is dictating. As John passes through the roo
76) 0) text: John is talking to all three kids in an effort to lift th overall atmosphere. IN THE BACKGROUND we see Deborah hand Flor her letter..Cristina taking sidelong glances...relie to see them shake hands (Flor engaging), hug (Flor reluctant).
77) 0) text: The kids combing through pebbles. Georgie becoming bored and stopping.. Bernie stopping. 109   EXT. BEACH - SAME SCENE - SUNSET.. Lots of people on their decks..hot-tubbing, sunning, partying..rich people forming New Yorker cartoons in the background as Cristina continues to doggedly collect her glass. At one point, she comes upon a teenage couple maki out near a mass of pebbles, and politely asks them to rol over so she can search the area.
78) 0) text: Cristina arising.. 111   EXT. BEACH - PRE-DAWN.. Cristina collecting sea glass. 112   EXT. BEACH - SAME SCENE - NIGHT. Illuminated by the surf lights of the beach homes, Cristi plugs away.
79) 6) text: No. I'm kidding..Instead of a platter -- I'll just build a sea glass building and serve fish inside... Great, Cristina..Why don't you count it and.. CRISTINA
79) 8) text: So what's the damage...total? Her eyes locked on his. CRISTINA
79) 10) text: Well, this one is borderline. CRISTINA
79) 12) text: Oh my God, you found a blue..Nobody finds a blue..You know how a blue happens? I mean, before the ocean blasts it for 30-40 years. Somebody had to throw away an old Milk of Magnesia bottle. You know what Milk of Magnesia is? CRISTINA
79) 14) text: So how much for the whole deal? CRISTINA
82) 2) dialog: My mother wishes me to represent exactly what she says, nothing else.
82) 5) text: You mean your mother.... Cristina nods...not comfortable breaking the rule of only speaking for her mother...She faces him, her back to Flor JOHN (CONT'D)
82) 6) text: (looking at Flor) Sure you can talk to me.. Cristina begins translating as her mother speaks in Spani CRISTINA AS FLOR
82) 8) text: What's wrong? Flor waves the money..Cristina waves an empty hand as she speaks for her mother. CRISTINA AS FLOR
82) 10) text: I made this little deal..with all the kids to... CRISTINA AS FLOR
82) 11) text: (interrupting) Please.. Flor advances on him past her daughter so Cristina now translates from the background. CRISTINA AS FLOR (CONT'D)
82) 17) text: Oh, no..engreГЊdo's going to be rough. ON CRISTINA.. Reluctantly taking the emotional stance of her mother to deliver the word. CRISTINA
82) 19) dialog: Smug. John gets up and takes a conciliatory step toward Flor so that now Cristina is in the middle looking up at them as translates for John JOHN
82) 20) text: I had no idea it would amount to that kind of money..I thought --- sort of tops fifty dollars. CRISTINA AS FLOR
82) 25) text: I'm sorry....I get why you are upset. It might not look it but I am good at getting things. Doing something about it is something else..I was going to talk to you before I actually gave her the money..but maybe I should have checked before I started the whole thing. (he smiles/they don't) I know what it's like when you feel your kid is being messed with..I get the message. It won't happen again. It's late..I'm sure we'd all like... Flor lets it out...her daughter hard pressed to keep up. CRISTINA AS FLOR
82) 26) text: To what..sleep? If this was small enough to be helped by some little apology, I would be a fool to bring it up..I need to say more no matter what the result. I need to be impolite. You leave someone else's child alone. It's simple, no? It is too easy for children to feel contradictions..It encourages questioning their parents..and that makes them less safe. Your wife takes her for rides and changes her hair..You give her money. Here.. (this next sentence Cristina translates with alarm and adds her own question mark.) Take back the money???????????? Flor hands John the envelope under her daughter's wrenchi gaze. They begin to exit..but Flor turns inadvertently bumping into her daughter. Her voice softens. CRISTINA AS FLOR (CONT'D)
82) 28) text: What about hypocritical? Cristina turns back..confused..her mother asks her for a translation and she complies.. Flor then wearing the same confused expression.
82) 33) text: Yes, you did the same thing...you think I didn't know about altering those outfits for Bernie..She tells me her stuff....So, am I missing something? Is there a real difference between that and what you are complaining about? Cristina waits for a comeback from her mother to translate..but doesn't get one..Instead her mother is a b mortified and considerably humbled..the pie smack into th face. FLOR
82) 34) text: Sin diferencia. Yo interferГЊ. CRISTINA AS FLOR
82) 36) text: Okay......I'm still not sure I did the right thing keeping it to myself. It felt disloyal to Deborah..but my daughter really needed someone to be kind to her right then..so..so. CRISTINA AS FLOR
82) 39) text: (something strikes him, he softens, disoriented) I'll tell you, it's pretty wild to say something and have the other person just concede the point. I'm dazed here. CRISTINA AS FLOR
82) 41) text: No..no..come on, man.. CRISTINA AS FLOR
82) 46) text: Because then Cristina will blame herself for costing you the job...and that guilt...I don't know if you know about guilt.. Cristina doesn't have to check with her mother on this on CRISTINA
82) 48) text: (after her daughter's translation) Culpa, si..Por Dios, Si. CRISTINA
82) 54) dialog: Good night As they exit..their backs to John, daughter following mother...Flor speaks to her daughter.
82) 57) dialog: (over her shoulder to John as they move)
82) 62) dialog: Nada.
90) 0) text: Cristina and Bernice waiting in line at the Mexican fast place on P.C.H. with the towering signature Mexican male figure on its roof. Deborah is parked curbside in the SUV
90) 2) dialog: Well, your mother just said she could use my help on a few errands while you're in class... Bernice nods. Then unconsciously moans.
90) 3) dialog: What?
90) 5) dialog: Why do you go then?
90) 8) dialog: What do you mean they failed?
90) 10) dialog: Oh. I see. Forgive me, I don't have a real sense of humor.
90) 12) text: Thank you, God. (on Cristina's reaction)
90) 14) dialog: The joke is?
90) 20) text: That one even she knows is funny. Cristina gives Bernice an appreciative push from behind. Deborah, for some reason, feels she deserves credit for t connection.
92) 0) text: Deborah and Cristina standing in a grass bordered parking lot...Deborah, feigning upset, tearing into her bag but h focus is elsewhere as she periodically looks off. She is clearly stalling.
92) 4) text: Hi, Arlene.. (to Cristina)
92) 8) dialog: (Barbara Boxer couldn't do it better)
92) 9) text: Hello..a pleasure to meet you, Ms. Folsom. I couldn't believe how beautiful the grounds were as we drove in. I just think the balance of the buildings to open ground is so wonderful and must have been very difficult to achieve. Deborah smiles with pride at the elegant first impression Cristina is making..all are grinning...the two adults suspiciously so...sharing their delight.
93) 0) text: This is the last day of the summer rental - many packed cartons on the floor. Deborah, Flor and Cristina engaged momentous conversation..(NOTE: Throughout the following, quite beside the point, we see Flor periodically make the motion of throwing the ball. But we do not cut to Chum, rather we just hear his claws skittering after the ball a maintain focus on the momentous conversation.)
94) 2) dialog: Please, dear God..Enter my mother's heart and make her understand what this school would mean.
94) 4) dialog: Amen.
97) 0) text: Cristina sleeps. Flor sits on her bed - no thought of sle
100) 18) text: (instantly alarmed) Your, "Ah, man" was for me? You think I am in trouble with Cristina? JOHN
100) 45) text: (calling) You just made it...I was getting worried.. Deborah has a backpack loaded with books which she hands Cristina.. DEBORAH
100) 46) text: I picked up your books yesterday.. (by way of explanation to Flor) This is one of Bernie's old..ancient backpacks. Cristina taking it... CRISTINA
100) 47) text: Oh, thank you.. As she shoulders it and almost falls over.. CRISTINA (CONT'D)
100) 49) text: (to Cristina) I got you a little first-day-at-a- new-school present... A school bus appears and heads toward them putting a cert deadline pressure on the transaction. DEBORAH (CONT'D)
100) 51) text: (dry) What did we get her? Deborah hands Cristina a locket..then, noting Flor's expression. DEBORAH
100) 52) text: (to Cristina) It's from ALL of us. Your mother too. FLOR
100) 53) text: (to Cristina) It's not from me...
103) 0) text: Bernice sitting amidst Cristina and two other golden girl they arrive at the Clasky home.
104) 0) text: As Deb finishes dialing a call..Cristina looking on...her friends watching a movie in the family room. A clock prominently reads nine p.m.
104) 2) text: She hangs up...and exchanges a mischievous look with Cristina.
105) 2) text: Monica and her newly arrived mother are there along with bride from an earlier scene and some of the girls who saw Cristina off to Malibu..Women cooking in the kitchen..She tells the girls, in Spanish, that Cristina may not make i They are disappointed...Flor thinks - then says something Monica who nods in agreement. Flor exits.
111) 9) text: He exits. 156   INT. MAID'S ROOM - NIGHT... Evelyn stands in the doorway with Flor..they are looking Cristina and her two friends sleeping together.
120) 17) text: When Cristina was young, I would say I want to take any man who wants me to the park and I will tell whether I want him from the way he is with Cristina. I wish you had been in the park then. (a beat) Any reaction? John considering and then the answer comes to him.
122) 21) text: They kiss. 178   EXT. STONE CANYON -     MORNING. Flor purposefully walking up the hill.. 179   INT. CLASKY HOUSE - DAY. As Flor enters...walks through a few empty rooms..then on in the kitchen she sees the children and Evelyn are swimm in the pool...she opens the glass door Monica bumped into interview day. 180   EXT. CLASKY POOL - DAY. Evelyn, Bernice and Georgie are in the pool..Cristina, wearing a bathing suit, is on a chaise reading...
122) 22) dialog: Hey, mom...Is it okay if we don't leave right away?
122) 25) text: No... (as Cristina begins to protest) No..and we must say "goodbye." I don't work here anymore. She then talks Spanish to Cristina..admonishing her not t embarrass them..something about Flor being prepared to go nuts all over her daughter if she hurts their dignity...b it is said with total calm. GEORGIE
122) 28) text: Thanks..thanks. Okay. Bernice climbs out of the pool. Meanwhile, a flabbergaste Cristina is staring at her mom who gives quiet two and th word proddings in Spanish. BERNICE
122) 33) text: (rushing to hug her) Thanks. Bernice hugs her. Evelyn hugs Cristina.. EVELYN
122) 39) dialog: (from her depths)
124) 10) dialog: Goodbye, Mr. Clasky..I am very sorry we will not see each other as frequently. She offers her hand, which John shakes while patting her the back.
124) 14) dialog: No. No..You can't. I won't be able to forgive you..It will be the end. I won't let you. And then Cristina moves her hysterics to Spanish as she s walking and her mother takes her hand and pulls her along with enormous dedication. CAMERA BEGINS A PULL BACK. Cristina dropping presents..picking them up..one of them by the wayside..People noticing..Cristina's conduct viola tacit zoning laws. CLOSER SHOT.. So we can see their faces in the struggle. 185   EXT. BUS STOP.. As they wait...Flor talks sharply to Cristina to control herself.