13) 0) text: The mother and her aunt, MONICA, take their seats..the bu filled with domestics..the mother, nervous, looks over to and greet... THE BRIDE from last night's wedding. 25   INT. BUS - DAY - 90 MINUTES LATER.
15) 0) text: Monica presses the security intercom. The gate swings ope 28   EXT. HOUSE - DAY. In the foreground an expanse of turned up dirt...and huge rolls of sod ready to be laid down. A catering truck stan in the driveway.
16) 2) text: DEBORAH NORWICH CLASKY, a cool beauty in her mid 30's, si dominating this three generation portrait of the Good Lif She is wearing a straw hat and killer Hawaiian shirt..She a perfect dresser; meaning her clothes seem to say she doesn't care, while every article is a true and gifted fi She is drinking from a tumbler which is also of the "don' hold your breath while you try to find something as terri variety. She is flanked by her mother, EVELYN, 60, who is drinking from a stemmed glass with two olives and her 14 old overweight daughter, BERNICE..who is reading, her grandmother idly holding her hand..In the immediate area rolls of sod wait to be laid. THE TWO LATINAS. As they stand inside the kitchen not sure what to do next Then Deborah gestures that they should join her at the pool..as they start out.. THEIR EXIT. Boink..three stooges retro..those French doors were not o after all. Monica hits first. The women at the pool react Deborah and Bernice running. Evelyn momentarily attempts join the rush.. she half rises and then thinks better of it..too late in the day for sudden movements. KITCHEN DOORWAY.
16) 10) dialog: It's okay. She pockets the cash.
17) 1) dialog: She is my niece. She and her daughter live in the apartment I manage. Yolanda, who worked for you, lived there before she went back home. That's how I heard about the job.
17) 3) dialog: Her.
17) 6) dialog: (translating sotto)
17) 16) text: You guys want some lemonade? (they demur) Let's just talk. I have two children. My husband works nights..he's a chef and has his own place. MONICA
17) 21) text: (to Monica) I'm not leaving time for you to translate. Monica says, in Spanish, "this woman is very strange. The only thing I understand is she has two kids." Deborah lea into Monica. Face to face, tender but unblinking.. DEBORAH (CONT'D)
17) 22) text: Too bad for you that it just never occurred to you to check on how much Spanish I know. MONICA
17) 25) text: I don't speak any Spanish. But I'm not an idiot - I talk for an hour and you say two words. What did you say? Monica squirms - unusual for her. DEBORAH (CONT'D)
17) 26) text: Never mind. You got your nose bopped. I got my feelings hurt. Onward. As Monica paraphrases what has happened, her translation DIALED DOWN for the: NARRATOR
17) 40) text: Flor..what I walk on? MONICA AND EVELYN
17) 44) text: It means flower, right? MONICA
17) 48) text: (directly to Flor) Is there some school of the ear I'm flunking out of right now? Flor says to Monica, in Spanish, a tip to pronounce her n Monica warns Flor to leave it rest..since Deborah is beco clearly and strangely pissed.. DEBORAH (CONT'D)
17) 49) text: What did she say? CLOSE ON FLOR... She feels the tension but, so far in her life, her own irrepressible personality has served her - so she moves forward with surprising and quiet confidence and assuranc She tells her aunt to repeat her words so that now, for t first time, she is, through Monica, talking directly to Deborah. MONICA
17) 53) text: You want some lemonade? Take some lemonade. She pours some for Flor and Monica. Then she closes her e and pauses in utter dedication to a final effort: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
17) 58) text: (absently to Bernie) Love you... (then with not a monoseconds break) ... the job is six days a week, seven to seven..the kids and all housekeeping, how much a week would you like? Monica translates..Flor, embarrassed a bit by the directn ducks the question..saying in Spanish -- "whatever you sa DEBORAH (CONT'D)
17) 63) text: Deborah falls for it until Flor laughs..others join...Deb now a big smile, snort of a laugh, putting her hand to he face and shaking her head. OTHER ANGLE.. As Monica uses Deborah's reaction time to, in mid-laugh, flash four fingers to Flor.. ON EVELYN. Catching the gesture and secretly indicating to Monica th should go for six.
17) 64) dialog: (firmly) Six hundred dollars.
17) 67) text: Deborah kisses her..sort of on the mouth. In the midst of Flor's delight she is thrown by Deborah's kiss...it is th first of many borders to be violated. 31   EXT. CLASKY HOUSE - DAY. As Flor and Monica exit and can finally show their full j
102) 0) text: Flor cooking alongside Monica --- a table is set for ten. banner proclaiming BIENVENIDA, MAMГЃ.
105) 2) text: Monica and her newly arrived mother are there along with bride from an earlier scene and some of the girls who saw Cristina off to Malibu..Women cooking in the kitchen..She tells the girls, in Spanish, that Cristina may not make i They are disappointed...Flor thinks - then says something Monica who nods in agreement. Flor exits.
122) 21) text: They kiss. 178   EXT. STONE CANYON -     MORNING. Flor purposefully walking up the hill.. 179   INT. CLASKY HOUSE - DAY. As Flor enters...walks through a few empty rooms..then on in the kitchen she sees the children and Evelyn are swimm in the pool...she opens the glass door Monica bumped into interview day. 180   EXT. CLASKY POOL - DAY. Evelyn, Bernice and Georgie are in the pool..Cristina, wearing a bathing suit, is on a chaise reading...