3) 1) dialog: To Princeton University's Director of Admissions: In considering me for a scholarship you have asked for, and have every reason to expect, an essay from me about myself. And, as a clever high school graduate, I of course realize the subtext of this essay about who I am and why I want to enter Princeton, is actually to make clear to you why you should have me. I have gotten tips, from friends who have preceded me to college, that being a Latina, with my grades, list of activities and relative poverty, I am as good as in if I simply do the dance and work in a word like "bipolarization" every so often. And while I love dances -- this dance of self is one I am afraid to master. (young girl looks off and lights up)
4) 1) dialog: For my mother, that afternoon eleven years ago was a watershed not because of my father's
5) 1) dialog: There was never any pretense that the gorgeous, vital, clever, temperamental animal that was my mother ever for a heartbeat considered having any life of her own. She ignored all her needs and was alive only for me. It was terrific. (a long beat)
5) 6) dialog: "One tear..only one...so make it a good one." This was my mother's instruction to me. ON CHILD. Baffled by the edict.. ON MOTHER. Holding up one finger. That's it..one tear..she means it. ON CHILD.. As she complies..one great tear forming and falling..Her mother's thumb wipes it away..But now her eyes well with tears..her mother gestures she must have strength and resolve..and so she does..a toss of her pretty little head...the eyes clear.
7) 3) dialog: My mother dealt with our considerable problems of survival by talking..Always she discovered her own best thoughts by sifting through her own words. The mother stops talking in mid-sentence, realizing she h just solved something and makes a note.
8) 1) dialog: Each night my mother promised me a wonderful life.. Each night I looked for a new expressive way to tell my mother how much I loved her. The child is ardent..clutching at her heart...kissing her mother.. Holding her mother's face, talking directly into eyes. The mother, enormously pleased, is nonetheless thro by the extremes of it.
8) 2) dialog: I just played and did my lessons and every time I looked up my mother was in the process of saving us.
8) 4) dialog: Desperation in her hands was our weapon. ON MOTHER.. We see her totally intimidating a priest.
8) 5) dialog: With this weapon she had her marriage annulled - usually impossible for the poor - and somehow convinced an associate of my father's to transport two Mexicans North in style.
9) 8) dialog: My mother's prayer for us, which she made me repeat exactly, represented a stunning look into our future. "Please God, let only the bad things change." 14   INT. SMALL PLANE - CLOSE ON THE TWO FEMALES.. Use this image if ever you want to strike a coin depictin the moment of no return. The child aglow with happy anticipation..the adult brave and enormously anxious. OTHER ANGLE. The pilot taken with the mother's looks.
9) 11) dialog: My mother had redefined her own passions. Blaming herself for the father she gave me, she would never again be lured by a man's rough edges..She had decided that goodness would be her catnip.
11) 1) dialog: At the time, I was oblivious to my mother's anguish. She loved and lived to talk. Now, as if by a witch's spell, words were no longer her bridge but her barrier. In a very real sense she feared she had left herself behind. ON THE TWO FEMALES. The mother sees something. Joy returns. HER POV. A street full of stores with SIGNS IN SPANISH..She begins walking the street asking passers-by for directions in Spanish and is answered..her step lightens..she beams wit relief. So far so very, very good. 20   EXT. APT. COMPLEX - DAY - FIVE MONTHS LATER.. An iron gate in front..small courtyard ringed by a second floor horseshoe of apartments.
11) 2) dialog: We moved into a place managed by my mother's aunt. My mother worked two jobs in two local stores paying a total of 450 dollars a week...
12) 1) dialog: ..just ever so barely enough. 22   INT. APT. - KITCHEN - CLOSER SHOT.. Cristina taking a newspaper from her book bag and serious pondering - then circling grocery coupons. ANGLE ON KITCHEN AREA.
12) 3) dialog: But we were fine. We had it down. If only I could have stayed six. The CAMERA MOVES QUICKLY from the child to: 23   EXT. APT. COMPLEX - ELEVATED SHOT - SIX YEARS LATER. The courtyard is lit with colored lights and candles..a wedding reception is in progress - EXTREME CLOSE UP - THE BRIDE. Gorgeous round and full cheeks stretched into a deep, explosive smile. BACK TO SCENE... music plays and we focus on Cristina, no nearing 12 years of age..dancing with her mother and some other smaller children.. The mother eyes the muscular bac a Great Looking Man...who turns, and quickly oozes qualit sex appeal. She is turned on..They talk in Spanish...him saying something hushed like, "I have been afraid to talk you. I need oxygen when I look at you." She indicates the children she is dancing with and offers to include him in some ring around the rosey dance...He indicates the magic just the two of them...She quickly leads her little flock away.. OTHER ANGLE.. A reed-thin FOURTEEN YEAR OLD BOY is staring at them...at first the mother thinks this is adorable...the child eyei her as if he were a man..she indicates he should join the rest of the children for a dance.. MOVING WITH THE BOY.. As he steps forward and it becomes clear it is Cristina h interested in... Before the mom can do anything about it, asks Cristina to dance and she readily accepts. ON CRISTINA.. Satellite virginities falling with alarming speed..the fi time held by a male, the first time held close, the first sexy (albeit touchingly awkward) gaze from half-closed ma eyes which utterly confuses Cristina. He begins to grind hips into his dancing partner. ON HER MOTHER. Not confused. It is exactly as if she sees her daughter a to be run down by a car..only this time the thing to do i scare the car.
12) 5) dialog: That quickly it was clear she could no longer work two jobs and leave me to my own at night. The following morning she did something about it. A boy I never saw again had changed our lives.
17) 26) text: Never mind. You got your nose bopped. I got my feelings hurt. Onward. As Monica paraphrases what has happened, her translation DIALED DOWN for the: NARRATOR
34) 6) text: But you know, you gotta watch out for the times you think you're absolutely right..But, man, Bernice has finals tomorrow. She didn't need this one..And just that look on her face when she got the gifts-- (now his voice cracks; he grows wet-eyed) --like for a second she thought all her problems with her mother had been solved... Flor is flabbergasted..she peeks to see if he is actually crying. At first her heart is touched by John but then th is distinct disapproval (a real roll of the eyes) that th macho meter can read that low. He looks at her and she fa front quickly. NARRATOR
35) 1) dialog: The job was taxing her. She had no template for confusion let alone frustration. While waiting for the bus, Flor suddenly turns and runs a yards...and then back..and waves off the looks from her colleagues - many of whom are overweight..many of them adorable. All puzzled for the moment as they watch Flor unsuccessfully try to shake off her day.
36) 1) dialog: It was so unusual for my mother to ask my help that I realized immediately she was losing her battle to be uninvolved with the Claskys. Flor asks her daughter how to say something in English.
36) 12) dialog: Our culture embraces fullness in a woman. You, the women of the admissions committee, as intelligent as you are, have no idea how casual and complete such acceptance is back home, in the land of the size 16 bikini.
38) 1) dialog: This is one of the cultural differences between us which I wish to explore academically at Princeton. American women, I believe, actually feel the same as Hispanic women about weight.
39) 1) dialog: ....a desire for the comfort of fullness.
40) 1) dialog: And, when that desire is suppressed for style and deprivation allowed to rule...
41) 3) dialog: ...dieting, exercising American women become afraid of everything associated with being curvaceous, such as wantonness, lustfulness, sex, food, motherhood..all that is good in life. 61   INT. CLASKY MAID'S ROOM - EARLY MORNING. Flor at work on a sewing machine..opening seams, moving buttons, even steaming where the buttons have been changed..etc.
60) 2) dialog: (over this incidental dialogue)
83) 1) dialog: Learning English would cost five hundred and ninety nine dollars down and 15 monthly payments of one hundred and ten dollars...which represents 48 percent interest..Mexicans marketing Mexicans. But not a penny was wasted.
84) 1) dialog: My mother showed an extraordinary facility for learning the language.
85) 1) dialog: ..as well as a totally committed, obsessive work ethic, which blocked out all else..She was her daughter's mother. As Flor silently mouths some English while listening to a tape,Chum nudges her with a ball and, without thinking, s takes it from his mouth and tosses it..Realizing, with al a beat too late that she has broken the rule.
92) 12) dialog: The experience was literally mind boggling. My mind did boggle. My cranial cells stunned. Even if I had enough sense of wonder to imagine such a school existed; my sense of fairness made it unthinkable that any school could offer this much more than my own..
100) 57) dialog: There is a terrible crisis which comes when your own personality is not equal to the challenge you face. When being who you are no longer works. Deborah has started to jog. As she approaches Flor, she c for a clear path well in advance.
101) 1) dialog: When people exist under one roof, a tiny society forms..the stuff of
102) 1) dialog: My great Aunt Monica had finally managed to get her mother to Los Angeles and my mother was making a party.
103) 1) dialog: I was with my friends who had helped me understand real optimism. As they pull in the driveway. Cristina and her friends ex the car and squeal loudly at each other with the exciteme of having it all. Bernice exits last. She is not squealin
105) 1) dialog: Though it is possible to judge harshly my conduct toward my mother in my first year at school; almost all professional literature excuses my behavior as developmental, since I was entering an age where rebellion and narcissism were to be expected. And I was being mentored.
120) 1) dialog: My mother never told me the details of her visit to the restaurant. But she often referred to it as the greatest conversation of her life. 172   INT. RESTAURANT - VERY LATE NIGHT... They are lying post coitally in each other's arms on a so just inside the dining room..They are covered by a table cloth. They hold hands above the cover...each private but still somehow in contact.
124) 13) dialog: The first minute we were alone, my mother told me that I would no longer go to the private school.
124) 15) dialog: My mother changed our lives once more. This time because she saw in me, to her great alarm, a character flaw of some size. She has taught me to be a watch dog of my character, to control my ambition. I am not quite there.
124) 17) dialog: For that reason should you choose to grant me your scholarship my mother, at my request, will be relocating to the New York Metropolitan Area so that she can stay close during my time at Princeton. Cristina moves closer to Flor, who senses it immediately wraps her in her arms.. kisses her head.
124) 18) dialog: I hope my essay has done her justice. I love her with all my heart.