6) 0) text: Zoe walks through the waiting room with her legs still pressed together. She sees two PREGNANT WOMAN, touches he own stomach and smiles. She finally feels part of this exclusive baby club.
7) 0) text: Zoe enters the elevator where there is a WOMAN holding a BABY. Zoe smiles at them. Another member of the club...
7) 3) dialog: Hi. The elevator descends. Zoe continues to stare at the baby with a big smile. She stares for an uncomfortably long ti
7) 4) dialog: You're starting to freak me out.
7) 6) dialog: Stop it.
8) 0) text: It's POURING outside. The kind of rain that turns umbrell inside out. NEW YORKERS run for cover with newspapers ove their heads. Despite the rain, Zoe skips out of the building with her hands in the air and twirls around. Realizing that she's spread her legs too far apart, she snaps them back togeth A WOMAN pushing a baby stroller covered in plastic runs b
18) 0) text: Seven WOMEN sit around the cramped living room of this sm East Village apartment. At least one woman is nursing a child that looks entirely too old to still be nursing. This is the SINGLE MOTHERS BY CHOICE Support Group. CAROL 40's, short hair, tank top and no bra, is the leader.
37) 0) text: Zoe exits the bathroom with a wide-eyed, terrified look o her face. By the bar, she sees a PREGNANT WOMAN sipping a glass of wine. She rushes over.
80) 0) text: Zoe has her head held high and her cute belly pushed out far as it will go. A WOMAN with a double stroller approaches.   Zoe smiles.
80) 2) dialog: Hi.
83) 3) dialog: Hi.
95) 0) text: Zoe sits on the floor of the living room sifting through box of photographs. We FOLLOW her back into the bedroom and onto the bed. As Stan slowly opens his eyes, she holds up a photograph. His P.O.V.    It's a picture of a woman's ass.
102) 0) text: Out in the foyer, Stan is paralyzed.   Next to him is Dak who is crying. Through the hallway mirror, he can see what's going on in living room: a hefty woman on all fours in a dirty inflat swimming pool with a hairy head coming out of a hairy vag
129) 0) text: Nuts trots/rolls down the sidewalk wearing a sweater that says, "I'M A BIG BROTHER." We TILT up and see Zoe and Stan strolling arm in arm, eac with a Baby Bjorn with a rosy-cheeked baby girl in it. Bo girls have flaming red hair. A woman pushing a stroller passes by.   She smiles at Zoe Stan. They smile back.
129) 1) dialog: Hi.