2) 0) text: A small figure gallops across the windswept ice slope.  T rider is mounted on a large gray snow lizard, a Tauntaun. plumes of snow rise from beneath the speeding paws of the beast. The rider gallops up a slope and reins his lizard to a st off his protective goggles, Luke Skywalker notices someth sky.  He takes a pair of electrobinoculars from his utili through them sees smoke rising from where the probe robot The wind whips at Luke's fur-lined cap and he activates a transmitter.  His Tauntaun shifts and moans nervously ben
16) 0) text: Luke lies face down in the snow, nearly unconscious.  Slo up and sees Ben Kenobi, barely visible through the blowin hard to tell if Kenobi is real or a hallucination.
16) 1) dialog: Luke... Luke.
16) 3) text: Ben?
16) 4) dialog: You will go to the Dagobah system.
16) 6) dialog: There you will learn from Yoda,  the Jedi Master who instructed me. The image of Ben fades, revealing a lone Tauntaun rider a from the windswept horizon.
16) 8) text: Ben... Ben. Luke drops into unconsciousness. Han pulls up and leaps off his mount.  He hurries to his friend, cradling him in his arms.  Han's Tauntaun lets ou pitiful bellow.  But Han's concern is with Luke, and he s urgently.
16) 12) text: Ben... Ben...
100) 0) text: On the battlefield, Luke watches as a walker foot rises a him.  He looks up at the underbelly of the huge walker, p overhead. Running beneath the monstrous machine, Luke fires his har the walker's underside.  A thin cable follows the project gun.  The magnetic head and cable attach firmly to the me Still running under the walker, Luke attaches the cable d belt buckle.  Soon he is pulled up the cable and hangs da underneath the walker. The walker's giant feet continue to pound onward across t snow.  Stray laser bolts whistle by Luke as he climbs up the walker's hull, reaching a small hatch.  Hanging preca cuts the solid metal hatch with his laser sword. He takes a landmine from around his neck and throws it in Imperial machine.  Quickly, Luke starts down the cable an the icy ground far below.  He lies unconscious as a giant passes by - and just misses him. The giant walker stops in mid-step.  A muffled explosion within - and then the walker's mechanical insides  are sp conceivable opening.  The machine sits dead in its tracks a locomotive on stilts.
151) 0) text: The Dark Lord, Darth Vader, is alone in his chamber.  A s enters the room and a light begins to play across Vader's He looks up and bows quickly. A twelve-foot hologram of the Galactic Emperor materializ Vader.  The Emperor's dark robes and monk's hood are remi cloak worn by Ben Kenobi.  His voice is even deeper and m frightening than Vader's.
153) 12) text: I cannot teach him.  The boy has  no patience. Luke's head spins in the direction the creature faces.  B one there.  The boy is bewildered, but it gradually dawns the little creature is Yoda, the Jedi Master, and that he with Ben.
157) 6) text: Watch out! The black shape tumbles off the spaceship and onto the gr of the princess.  Han bends down to investigate the dead
194) 6) dialog: Even Yoda cannot see their fate.
194) 8) dialog: But you cannot control it.  This  is a dangerous time for you,  when you will be tempted by the  dark side of the Force.
194) 11) dialog: It is you and your abilities the  Emperor wants.  that is why your  friends are made to suffer.
194) 13) dialog: Luke, I don't want to lose you to  the Emperor the way I lost Vader.
194) 16) dialog: Patience.
194) 19) dialog: If you choose to face Vader, you  will do it alone.  I cannot  interfere.
194) 22) dialog: Luke, don't give in to hate -  that leads to the dark side. Luke nods and climbs into his ship.
194) 27) dialog: That boy is our last hope.
256) 2) text: Ben, why didn't you tell me?