167) 7) dialog: As you wish. At that moment, Admiral Piett approaches Vader in a rush
200) 0) text: The mighty doors to the dining room slide open and the gr dining room.  At the far end of a huge banquet table sits Standing at his side and slightly behind him is Boba Fett hunter. Faster than the wink of an eye, Han draws his blaster and couple of shots directly at Vader.  The Dark Lord quickly hand, deflecting the bolts into one of the side walls, wh explode harmlessly.  Just as quickly, Han's weapon zips i hand.  The evil presence calmly places the gun on the tab him.
204) 0) text: Darth Vader strides through the room as two stormtroopers elaborate torture mechanism.  Han is strapped to a rack w forward onto the torture device.  Vader activates the mec creating two bursts of sparks, one of which strikes Han's The door opens, and Vader leaves the torture room just as sharp, piercing cry of agony.  Darth Vader moves to the h chamber, where Lando and Boba Fett await him.
205) 4) dialog: He's no good to me dead.
210) 0) text: There is a great activity on the carbon-freezing platform Ugnaughts frantically prepare the chamber for use.  A spe coffinlike container is put in place.  With Boba Fett in squad of six stormtroopers brings in Han, Leia and Chewie Chewie's back, with only his head, torso, and one arm ass Threepio.  Threepio's head faces the opposite direction f and the droid is constantly twisting around in a vain eff what is happening.  His one attached arm is animate and e intermittently pointing, gesturing, and covering his eyes remaining pieces of his body are randomly bundled to the so that his legs and other arm stick out at odd angles fr
210) 5) dialog: What if he doesn't survive?  He's  worth a lot to me.
211) 0) text: As Luke and Artoo move carefully down a deserted corridor group of people coming down a side hallway.  Artoo lets o series of beeps and whistles.  Luke glares at the tiny dr in his tracks with a feeble squeak. Boba Fett enters from a side hallway followed by two guar floating, encased body of Han Solo.  Two stormtroopers, w immediately spot Luke and open fire on him.  The youth dr and blasts the two troopers before they can get off a sec two guards whisk Han into another hallway as Fett lowers fires a deadly laser at Luke, which explodes to one side huge chunk of wall. Luke rushes to a side hallway, but by the time he reaches Han, and the guards are gone.  A think metal door blocks Luke turns to see Leia, Chewie, Threepio, and Lando being second hallway by several other stormtroopers.  Leia turn to see Luke.
217) 0) text: The two guards slide Han's encased body into an opening i the bounty hunter's ship.  Boba Fett climb aboard on a la the cargo hold.
217) 1) dialog: Put Captain Solo in the cargo  hold. And with that, the door slams shut.
219) 0) text: An elevator door slides open and Lando, Leia, and Chewbac large bay overlooking the East Landing Platform. Just as they arrive, Boba Fett's ship takes off against a sky.   In wild anguish, Chewie howls and starts firing at the sh