1) 0) text: A weird mechanical sound rises above the whining of the w strange probe robot, with several extended sensors, emerg smoke-shrouded crater.  The ominous mechanical probe floa snow plain and disappears into the distance.
2) 2) text: Echo Three to Echo Seven.  Han,  old buddy, do you read me? After a little static a familiar voice is heard.
2) 3) dialog: (over comlink)
2) 7) dialog: (over comlink)
4) 0) text: Rebel troopers rush about unloading supplies and otherwis their new base.  The rider, Han Solo, swings off his liza off his goggles. He walks into the main hangar deck toward the Millennium is parked among several fighters.  Mechanics, R2 units, a other droids hurry about.  Han stops at the Millennium Fa Wookiee copilot, Chewbacca, is welding on a central lifte stops his work and lifts his face shield, growling an irr greeting to his boss.
4) 1) dialog: Chewie! The Wookiee grumbles a reply.
4) 2) dialog: All right, don't lose your temper. I'll come right back and give you  a hand. Chewbacca puts his mask back on and returns to his weldin leaves.
5) 0) text: A makeshift command center has been set up in a blasted a ice.  The low-ceilinged room is a beehive of activity. Co troops, and droids move about setting up electronic equip monitoring radar signals. General Rieekan straightens up from a console at Han's ap
5) 2) dialog: No sign of life out there, General. The sensors are in place.  You'll  know if anything comes around.
5) 4) dialog: No.  He's checking out a meteorite  that hit near him.
5) 6) text: With all the meteor activity in this system, it's going to be difficult  to spot approaching ships. Taking a deep breath, Han blurts out what is on his mind.
5) 7) dialog: General, I've got to leave.  I  can't stay anymore. Princess Leia, standing at a console nearby, is dressed i white combat jacket and pants.  Her hair is braided acros a Nordic fashion.  She overhears their  conversation and distressed.
5) 9) dialog: Well, there's a price on my head. If I don't pay off Jabba the Hut,  I'm a dead man.
5) 11) dialog: Thank you, General. He turns to Leia as Rieekan moves away.
5) 12) dialog: (with feeling)
5) 15) dialog: (cooly)
5) 16) text: Well, don't get all mushy on me. So long, Princess. Han walks away into the quiet corridor adjoining the comm Leia stews a moment, then hurries after him.
6) 2) dialog: Yes, Your Highnessness?
6) 4) dialog: Well, the bounty hunter we ran  into on Ord Mantell changed my mind.  
6) 6) dialog: We?
6) 8) dialog: Oh, what about you need?
6) 11) dialog: (shakes his head,  fed up) 
6) 14) dialog: Come on!  You want me to stay  because of the way you feel about me.
6) 16) dialog: No!  That's not it.  Come on.   Aahhh - uh huh!  Come on. Leia stares at him, understanding, then laughs.
6) 18) dialog: Am I?  Then why are you following  me?  Afraid I was going to leave without giving you a goodbye kiss?
6) 20) dialog: I can arrange that.  You could use  a good kiss! Angrily, Han strides down the corridor as Leia stares aft
7) 0) text: A familiar stream of beeps and whistles herald the approa Detoo and See-Threepio, who appear around a corner and mo ice wall toward the main hangar.
8) 0) text: The two robots stop at Han Solo's space freighter.  Han a struggling with their central lifters.
8) 1) dialog: (to Chewie)
8) 4) dialog: (to Chewie)
8) 7) dialog: What do you want?
8) 9) dialog: I turned it off.  I don't want to  talk to her.
8) 11) dialog: I don't know where he is.
8) 13) dialog: What do you mean, "nobody knows"? Han glances at the fading light at the entrance of the ic night slowly begins to fall on the planet.
8) 15) dialog: Deck Officer.  Deck Officer!
8) 18) dialog: Do you know where Commander  Skywalker is?
8) 20) dialog: It's possible?  Why don't you go  find out?  It's getting dark out there.
8) 23) dialog: Why not?
9) 0) text: The deck officer and his assistant hurry toward Han as he tunnel.
9) 2) dialog: Not likely.  Are the speeders ready?
9) 4) dialog: Then we'll have to go out on  Tauntauns.
9) 6) dialog: That's right.  And my friends out  in it.
9) 9) dialog: Then I'll see you in hell! Han maneuvers his mount out of the cave and races into th night.
10) 0) text: The jagged face of a huge ice wall sits gloomily in the d a Hoth day.  Luke hangs upside down, ankles frozen into i stalactites, his extended arms within a foot of the snow side of his face is covered in a dried mask of frozen blo his eyes as a chilling moan of the hideous ice creature e gorge walls.  Luke pulls himself up, grabs hold of his an futilely tries to unfasten the throngs. Exhausted, he drops back into his hanging position.  As h he spies his lightsaber lying near a pile of his discarde three feet out of reach. He focuses on the saber and, as his hand strains toward t squeezes his eyes tight in concentration. Just as the ice creature looms over Luke, the lightsaber Luke's hand. The young warrior instantly ignites his sword, swinging u himself loose from the ice.  He flops to the snow in a he startled creature moves back, his giant yellow eyes blink scrambles to his feet.  He swings his lightsaber and the in pain.
13) 3) text: Stupid little short-circuit.  He'll  be quite all right. Threepio turns to go back inside the main hangar as Artoo keeps his vigil.
15) 0) text: Princess Leia stands inside the dark entrance to the Rebe waiting for a sign of the two Rebel heroes.  She shivers wind as, nearby, Chewie sits with his head in his hands. background, Artoo and Threepio move through the doors.   A Rebel lieutenant moves to Major Derlin, an officer keep the princess.
16) 8) text: Ben... Ben. Luke drops into unconsciousness. Han pulls up and leaps off his mount.  He hurries to his friend, cradling him in his arms.  Han's Tauntaun lets ou pitiful bellow.  But Han's concern is with Luke, and he s urgently.
16) 9) dialog: Luke!  Luke!  Don't do this, Luke.   Come on, give me a sign here. Luke doesn't respond.  Han begins frantically rubbing and Luke's unconscious face.  As he starts to lift the youth, rasping sound behind him.  He turns, just in time to see stagger and then fall over into the snow. Han carries Luke to the moaning beast.  Then, with a fina Tauntaun expires.
16) 10) dialog: Not much time. He pushes Luke's inert form against the belly of the dead
16) 13) dialog: Hang on, kid.
16) 15) dialog: (reeling from the  odor) 
16) 18) dialog: This may smell bad, kid...
16) 21) dialog: ...but it will keep you warm...  til I get the shelter built. (struggling to get  Luke inside the  carcass) 
20) 3) dialog: (filtered over  Zev's receiver)
21) 0) text: The small shelter Han set up is covered with snow on the A makeshift antenna rests gingerly on top the snowdrift. Zev's snowspeeder approaching in the distance, and begins arms frantically at the tiny craft.
23) 3) dialog: How are you feeling, kid?  You  don't look so bad to me.  In  fact, you look strong enough to  pull the ears off a Gundark.
23) 5) dialog: That's two you owe me, junior. Han turns as Leia enters the room.  He looks at her with devilish grin.
23) 6) dialog: Well your Worship, looks like  you managed to keep me around for a little while longer.
23) 9) dialog: That's a good story.  I think you  just can't bear to let a gorgeous  guy like me out of your sight.
23) 11) dialog: Laugh it up, fuzzball.  But you  didn't see us alone in the south  passage. Luke sparks to this; he looks at Leia.
23) 12) dialog: She expressed her true feelings  for me. Leia is flushed, eyes darting between Luke and Han.
23) 14) dialog: Who's scruffy-looking?  (to Luke) 
23) 18) text: Headquarters personnel, report to  command center. The voice repeats the order and Han, Chewie, Artoo, and T out of the room, bidding farewell to Luke.
23) 19) dialog: Take it easy.
24) 0) text: Rieekan looks up grimly from a console screen.  He calls and Han.
24) 5) dialog: It could be a speeder, one of ours.
24) 8) dialog: It isn't friendly, whatever it is.   Come on, Chewie, let's check it out.
25) 0) text: The dark probe robot moves past the smoldering ruins of s eight and down a ridge toward the Rebel base.  It raises antenna from the top of its head and begins to send out a signal. The probe droid has spotted Chewbacca who, not thirty fee popped his head over a snow bank.  Instantly, the probe r around, its deadly ray ready to fire.  But before it can off, it is hit from behind by a laser bolt, and explodes pieces. Han Solo replaces his blaster in its holster and peers in smoldering remains of the Imperial probe.
26) 0) text: Leia and Rieekan listen to Han on the comlink.
26) 1) dialog: (over comlink)
26) 5) dialog: (over comlink)
26) 9) dialog: (over comlink)
30) 0) text: Alarms sound.  Troops, ground crews, and droids rush to t stations.  Armored snowspeeders are lined up in attack fo the main entrance. In the midst of all this activity, Han does some frantic lifters of the Millennium Falcon. Han finishes his work and hops down to the hangar floor. his comlink, all the while eyeing problematic lifters.
30) 1) dialog: (into comlink, to  Chewie)
32) 0) text: Pilots, gunners, and R2 units scurry about.  Luke, pullin heavy-weather jacket, is headed toward a row of armored s stops at the rear of the Millennium Falcon, where Han and trying to repair the right lifter with even more haste th
32) 2) dialog: Hi, kid. (to droid)
32) 6) dialog: Be careful.
34) 0) text: With a sense of urgency, Leia quickly briefs a group of p in the center of the hangar.
58) 3) text: Rogue Group, use your harpoons  and tow cables.  Go for the legs. It might be our only chance of  stopping them. (to Dack)
80) 0) text: Wedge lets out a triumphant yell, banking his speeder awa fallen walker.
83) 0) text: Muffled distant explosions create widening cracks in the the hangar.  Trying to ignore the noise and falling bits works on one of the Falcon's lifters while Chewie works o wings.  Noticing Chewie attach a wrong part, Han grows im
83) 1) dialog: No, no!  No!  This one goes there,  that one goes there.  Right? In another area of the hangar, Threepio watches as Artoo into Luke's X-wing fighter.
96) 0) text: Apart from the distant thunder of laser blasts, the corri strangely quiet and empty.  Running footsteps echo throug hallway, then Han appears.  Cracks have appeared in some and some pipes have broken, sending hot steam billowing i underground hallways.  Han hurries into the command cente shambles, but some people are still at their posts.  As h gigantic cave-in almost obliterates the room.  He finds L Threepio near one of the control boards.
96) 1) dialog: You all right? Leia nods.  She is surprised to see him.
96) 3) dialog: I heard the command center had  been hit.
96) 5) dialog: Don't worry.  I'll leave.  First  I'm going to get you to your ship.
96) 11) dialog: Come on... that's it.
96) 13) text: Give the evacuation code signal.   And get to your transports! Leia looks exhausted.  Han grabs her and starts to lead h As Han, Leia, and Threepio run out of the command center, signal can be heard echoing off the corridor walls.
100) 0) text: On the battlefield, Luke watches as a walker foot rises a him.  He looks up at the underbelly of the huge walker, p overhead. Running beneath the monstrous machine, Luke fires his har the walker's underside.  A thin cable follows the project gun.  The magnetic head and cable attach firmly to the me Still running under the walker, Luke attaches the cable d belt buckle.  Soon he is pulled up the cable and hangs da underneath the walker. The walker's giant feet continue to pound onward across t snow.  Stray laser bolts whistle by Luke as he climbs up the walker's hull, reaching a small hatch.  Hanging preca cuts the solid metal hatch with his laser sword. He takes a landmine from around his neck and throws it in Imperial machine.  Quickly, Luke starts down the cable an the icy ground far below.  He lies unconscious as a giant passes by - and just misses him. The giant walker stops in mid-step.  A muffled explosion within - and then the walker's mechanical insides  are sp conceivable opening.  The machine sits dead in its tracks a locomotive on stilts.
104) 0) text: With Threepio lagging behind, Han and Leia race through t ice corridors.  Suddenly, there is an explosion.  Han tur princess, and pulls her to the wall as a tremendous cave- their path. He takes the comlink from his pocket.
104) 1) dialog: (into comlink) 
104) 2) text: Transport, this is Solo.  Better  take off - I can't get to you.   I'll get the princess out on the  Falcon. Han and Leia turn and race down the corridor.
106) 0) text: Han and Leia run toward the entrance of the main hangar w Millennium Falcon is docked.  Threepio still lags behind.
106) 3) text: How typical. Quickly, the door reopens as Han reaches out and pulls th through.
106) 4) dialog: Come on.
107) 0) text: Chewie paces under the shelter of the Millennium Falcon's The giant Wookiee pats the underbelly of his beloved ship few reassuring words.  As he searches worriedly for his c something at last catches his eye. Chewie lets out a relieved shriek at seeing Han and Leia the ship.  The Wookiee runs out into the falling ice, let then runs up the ship's ramp.  Han and Leia run up the ra closely followed by Threepio.
107) 1) dialog: Hurry up, goldenrod, or you're  going to be a permanent resident!
109) 0) text: A distant, huge, explosion rocks the hangar deck.  Ice ca crashing down on the Millennium Falcon.
110) 0) text: Han, standing before a control panel, is busy flipping sw Chewie watches a troublesome gauge.  A worried Leia obser efforts.
110) 1) dialog: (to Chewie)
110) 4) dialog: It might. Threepio clanks into the hold.
111) 0) text: They move to the cockpit where Han flips some more switch watches him, impatient, disbelieving.
111) 2) dialog: This baby's got a few surprises  left in her, sweetheart. Han and Leia look out the cockpit window and see a squad stormtroopers rushing into the far side of the hangar. Quickly, Han straps himself into the pilot's seat and Lei navigator's chair.
112) 0) text: Stormtroopers hurriedly set up a large bazookalike weapon the giant hangar doors open slowly.
114) 1) dialog: Come on!  Come on!  Switch over. Let's hope we don't have a burnout. A laser hits the window near Chewie as he is settling int Letting out a loud whelp, Chewie quickly pulls back on th the first stage of engine fire can be heard.  Han flashes Leia.
114) 2) dialog: See?
114) 4) dialog: Punch it! The roar of the Falcon's main engines blasts out everythi cave wall rushes by outside the cockpit window.
115) 0) text: More stormtroopers run into the hangar, closely followed Hearing the loud roar of the Millennium Falcon's engines, toward the main hangar doors just in time to see the Falc disappear outside the cave.
120) 0) text: Inside the cockpit, Chewie lets out a loud howl.  Han che ship is buffeted by exploding flak.  He appears to be doi at once.
120) 1) dialog: (harried)
120) 4) dialog: Star Destroyers, two of them,  coming right at us. Threepio bumps and bangs his way into the cockpit.
120) 6) dialog: (to Leia)
120) 9) dialog: Oh, great.  Well, we can still  outmaneuver them.
124) 0) text: Things have calmed down a bit, but the race isn't over ye barks at Han.  Leia is still trying to recover from the s The ship is buffeted by laser blasts.
124) 1) dialog: Prepare to make the jump to light- speed.
124) 4) dialog: (with a gleam in his  eye)
124) 5) text: Oh yeah?  Watch this. Expectantly, they look out the cockpit window as stars do hyperspace, but just sit there. Han and Chewie look at each other and are thrown into an concern.
124) 7) dialog: I think we're in trouble.
124) 9) dialog: We're in trouble! The explosions become heavier.
127) 0) text: Han works furiously at some control panels while giving v to Chewie.
127) 1) dialog: Horizontal boosters...! (Chewie barks)
127) 4) dialog: I don't know how we're going to  get out of this one. Suddenly, a loud thump hits the side of the Falcon, causi radically.  Chewie barks.  The tools fall into the pit on
127) 5) dialog: Oww!  Chewie! More turbulence rocks the ship.
127) 6) dialog: That was no laser blast!  Something  hit us.
127) 8) text: Han, get up here!
127) 9) dialog: Come on, Chewie! Han climbs out of the hold like a shot.  Both he and Chew the hold and toward the cockpit.
128) 2) dialog: Oh, no!  Chewie, set two-seven- one.
128) 4) dialog: They'd be crazy to follow us,  wouldn't they? Another asteroid thumps against the ship and Leia winces
128) 7) dialog: Never tell me the odds!
132) 0) text: Asteroids race by the cockpit window as Han pilots his tr through the dangerous field. Looking out the cockpit window, the Falcon crew sees a bi drop past the window, narrowly missing their ship. Chewie barks in terror as a slightly smaller asteroid com close - to close - and bounces off the Falcon with a loud Threepio's hands cover his eyes.  He manages a short peek cockpit window.  Princess Leia sits stone-faced, staring Han gives her a quick look.
132) 1) dialog: You said you wanted to be around  when I made a mistake; well, this  could be it, sweetheart.
132) 3) dialog: I'm not going to argue with that.
132) 5) dialog: I'm going in closer to one of  those big ones.
134) 2) dialog: There.  That looks pretty good.
134) 4) dialog: Yeah.  That'll do nicely.
136) 2) dialog: Yeah, me too.
139) 4) text: No, I'm not going to change my  mind about this. (getting a little nervous)
141) 2) text: I know, I know!  All the scopes are  dead.  I can't see a thing!  Just  hang on, I'm going to start the  landing cycle... The blast of the retrorockets is deafening, drowning out electronic squeals.  Suddenly, there is a cracking sound were being broken off trees and then a tremendous jolt as spacecraft stops.  Luke pulls a switch and his canopy pop
145) 0) text: Han and Chewie busily shut down the engine and all electr Threepio and Leia watch worriedly.
145) 1) dialog: I'm going to shut down everything  but the emergency power systems.  
145) 3) dialog: No, I need you to talk to the  Falcon, find out what's wrong with  the hyperdrive. Suddenly, the ship lurches, causing all the loose items i to go flying.  Chewie howls.
145) 5) dialog: Not entirely stable?  I'm glad you're  here to tell us these things.  Chewie,  take the professor in the back and  plug him into the hyperdrive.
145) 8) dialog: Sshh!
145) 10) dialog: Don't get excited. The anger rises in Leia.
145) 12) dialog: Sorry, sweetheart.  We haven't  got time for anything else. Han grins quickly wickedly at Leia as he turns and exits door.  Leia's confused emotions show clearly on her lovel
146) 0) text: The mist has dispersed a bit, but it is still a very gloo swamp. Luke pulls an equipment box from the shore to the clearin a little fusion furnace and warms his hands before it.  T cable, he plugs it into Artoo's noselike socket.
146) 17) text: Wars not make one great. With the aid of a walking stick, the tiny stranger moves the cases of supplies.  He begins to rummage around. Artoo moves to the edge of the case - standing almost eye creature who is carelessly handling the supplies - and sq disapproval. Their tiny visitor pick up the container of food Luke was and takes a bite.
147) 3) dialog: Well, of course I'll have to replace  it. He hands a wire coil up to Chewie who is working near the
147) 4) dialog: Here!  And Chewie... Chewie brings his head back through the trap door in the whines.  Han glances back at Threepio, then speaks quietl only he can hear.
147) 5) dialog: (continuing)
147) 6) text: ... I think we'd better replace  the negative power coupling. Leia finishes welding the valves she has been working on to reengage the system by pulling a lever attached to the doesn't budge.  Han notices her struggle, and moves to he rebuffs him.
147) 7) dialog: Hey, Your Worship, I'm only  trying to help.
147) 9) text: Would you please stop calling me  that? Han hears a new tone in her voice.  He watches her pull o
147) 10) dialog: Sure, Leia.
147) 12) dialog: I do, I really do.  You could be  a little nicer, though. (he watches her  reaction)
147) 13) text: Come on, admit it.  Sometimes you  think I'm all right. She lets go of the lever and rubs her sore hand.
147) 16) dialog: (laughs)
147) 17) text: Scoundrel?  Scoundrel?  I like  the sound of that. With that, Han takes her hand and starts to massage it.
147) 19) dialog: Stop what? Leia is flushes, confused.
147) 21) dialog: My hands are dirty, too.  What  are you afraid of?
147) 23) text: Afraid? Han looks at her with a piercing look.  He's never looked handsome, more dashing, more confident.  He reaches out s takes Leia's hand again from where it is resting on a con draws it toward him.
147) 24) dialog: You're trembling.
147) 26) dialog: You like me because I'm a scoundrel. There aren't enough scoundrels in  your life. Leia is now very close to Han and as she speaks, her voic excited whisper, a tone completely in opposition to her w
147) 28) dialog: I'm a nice man.
147) 31) dialog: Thank you.  Thank you very much.
151) 0) text: The Dark Lord, Darth Vader, is alone in his chamber.  A s enters the room and a light begins to play across Vader's He looks up and bows quickly. A twelve-foot hologram of the Galactic Emperor materializ Vader.  The Emperor's dark robes and monk's hood are remi cloak worn by Ben Kenobi.  His voice is even deeper and m frightening than Vader's.
155) 0) text: The cockpit is quiet and lit only by the indicator lights control panel.  Princess Leia sits in the pilot's seat. She runs her hand across the control panel as she thinks confusion he has created within her.  Suddenly, something cockpit window catches her eye.  The reflection of the pa obscures her vision until a soft suctionlike cup attaches windscreen.  Leia moves closer to see what it might be.  Large, yellow eyes and stare back at her.  Startled, she jumps back into her heart pounding.  There is a scurry of feet and a loud scr an instant the eyes are gone.  The young princess catches jumps out of her chair, and races from the cockpit.
156) 0) text: The lights go bright for a second then out again.  Threep Chewbacca watch as Han finishes with some wires.
156) 2) dialog: I'm not really interested in your  opinion, Threepio. Leia rushes into the cabin just as Han drops the final fl place.
156) 5) dialog: Where?
156) 8) dialog: I'm going out there.
156) 10) dialog: I just got this bucket back  together.  I'm not going to let  something tear it apart. He and Chewie grab their breath masks off a rack and hurr follows.
157) 2) dialog: There's an awful lot of moisture  in here.
157) 4) dialog: Yeah. Chewie barks through his face mask, and points toward the cockpit.  A five-foot-long shape can be seen moving acros the Falcon.  The leathery creature lets out a screech as with a laser bolt.
157) 5) dialog: (to Leia)
157) 6) text: Watch out! The black shape tumbles off the spaceship and onto the gr of the princess.  Han bends down to investigate the dead
157) 7) dialog: Yeah, that's what I thought. Mynock.  Chewie, check the rest  of the ship, make sure there  aren't any more attached.  They're  chewing on the power cables.
157) 9) dialog: Go on inside.  We'll clean them  off if there are any more. Just then, a swarm of the ugly creatures swoops through t puts her arms over her head to protect herself as she run ship.  Chewie shoos another Mynock away with his blaster. the batlike creatures flap their wings loudly against the window of the Falcon.  Inside, Threepio shudders at their
157) 11) dialog: Wait a minute... He unholsters his blaster and fires at the far side of th The cavern begins to shake and the ground starts to buckl Chewie barks and moves for the ship, followed closely by The large wings of the Mynocks flap past them as they pro faces and run up the platform.
158) 0) text: As soon as Han and Leia are on board, Chewie closes the m The ship continues to shake and heave.
158) 1) dialog: All right, Chewie, let's get  out of here! The Wookiee heads for the cockpit as Han, followed by Thr to the hold area and checks the scopes on the control pan hurries after.
158) 3) dialog: (interrupting)
159) 0) text: Han is already in the pilot's seat pulling back on the th cave-quake has greatly diminished.
159) 2) dialog: Sit down, sweetheart.  We're  taking off! As the ship begins to move forward, Chewie barks.  He not out the window ahead.  Threepio sees it too.
159) 4) dialog: I see it, I see it. Suddenly, a row of jagged white stalagmites and stalactit surrounding the entrance.  And as the Falcon moves forwar entrance to the cave grows ever smaller.  Han pulls hard throttle, sending his ship surging forward.
159) 7) dialog: This is no cave.
171) 0) text: Han corrects the angle of his ship.
171) 1) dialog: Let's get out of here.  Ready for  light-speed?  One... two... three! Han pulls back on the hyperspace throttle and - nothing h bursts continue to rock the ship.
171) 2) dialog: (frantic)
171) 3) text: It's not fair! Chewie is very angry and starts to growl and bark at his captain.  Again, Han desperately pulls back on the thrott
171) 4) dialog: The transfer circuits are working. It's not my fault! Chewie puts his head in his hands, whining.
171) 7) dialog: It's not my fault.
171) 9) dialog: Turn her around. Chewie barks in puzzlement.
171) 10) dialog: I said turn her around!  I'm  going to put all power in the  front shield.
174) 0) text: Luke's face is upside-down and showing enormous strain. his hands, with Yoda perched on his feet.  Opposite Luke two rocks the size of bowling balls.  Luke stares at the concentrates.  One of the rocks lifts from the ground and rest on the other.
178) 3) dialog: (to Chewie)
178) 6) dialog: Thank you.
178) 8) dialog: Well, if they follow standard  Imperial procedure, they'll dump  their garbage before they go to  light-speed, then we just float  away.
178) 10) dialog: Then we've got to find a safe  port somewhere around here.  Got  any ideas?
178) 12) dialog: The Anoat system.
178) 14) dialog: No.  Well, wait.  This is  interesting.  Lando. He points to a computer mapscreen on the control panel. of her chair and moves next to the handsome pilot.  Small representing several systems flash by on the computer scr
178) 16) dialog: Lando's not a system, he's a man. Lando Calrissian.  He's a card  player, gambler, scoundrel.  You'd  like him.
178) 18) dialog: Bespin.  It's pretty far, but I  think we can make it.
178) 21) dialog: Yeah, a Tibanna gas mine.  Lando  conned somebody out of it.  We  go back a long way, Lando and me.
178) 23) dialog: No.  But he has no love for the Empire, I can tell you that. Chewie barks over the intercom.  Han quickly changes his stretches to look out the cockpit window.
178) 24) dialog: (into intercom)
178) 25) text: Here we go, Chewie.  Stand by. Detach! Han leans back in his chair and gives Leia an invisible s thinks for a moment, shakes her head; a grin creeps acros she gives him a quick kiss.
180) 0) text: In the clearing behind Yoda's house, Luke again stands up his face shows less strain and more concentration than be sits on the ground below the young warrior.  On the other clearing, two equipment cases slowly rise into the air. watches, humming to himself, when suddenly he, too, rises His little legs kick desperately and his head turns frant looking for help.
183) 1) dialog: (into transmitter)
183) 3) dialog: (into transmitter)
183) 8) dialog: (to Chewie)
183) 11) dialog: (into transmitter)
183) 12) text: Thank you. Angry, Han snaps off the intercom.  Chewie looks at him a Han turns to the worried princess and her droid.
183) 13) dialog: There's nothing to worry about. We go way back, Lando and me. Leia doesn't look convinced.
186) 0) text: Han and Leia stand at the open door, armed.  Behind them, armed, surveys the scene warily.
186) 3) dialog: Well, what would you like?
186) 5) dialog: Look, don't worry.  Everything's  going to be fine.  Trust me.
188) 1) dialog: See?  My friend. (to Chewie)
188) 2) text: Keep your eyes open, okay? Chewie growls as Han walks down the ramp.  Lando and his across the bridge to meet the space pirate.
189) 0) text: Lando stops ten feet from Han.  The two men eye each othe Lando shakes his head.
190) 2) dialog: (gestures toward  the Falcon)
190) 6) dialog: Your ship?  Hey, remember, you  lost her to me fair and square. Chewie growls a reserved greeting.  Lando suddenly notice and smiles.
190) 10) dialog: All right, all right, you old  smoothie. Han takes Leia by the hand and steers her away from Lando
190) 14) dialog: Hyperdrive.
190) 16) dialog: Good. Lando turns to Leia.
191) 1) dialog: How's the gas mine?  Is it  paying off for you?
191) 4) dialog: You.  Listen to you - you sound  like a businessman, a responsible  leader.  Who'd have thought that,  huh? Lando is reflective.  He looks at Han a moment.
191) 6) dialog: Yeah.
191) 8) text: Yeah.  I'm responsible these days. It's the price you pay for being  successful. Han and Lando laugh together, and the group moves on thro corridor. The lagging Threepio passes a Threepio-type silver droid out of a door.
193) 0) text: Lando, Han, and Leia continue down the corridor unaware o dreadful accident.  Chewbacca glances around, sniffs the shrugs his shoulders and follows the group.
196) 0) text: Within the quarters assigned her on Cloud City, Leia pace agitation.  She has changed from her cold-weather pants a lovely dress.  Her hair is down, tied back with ribbons. from a large, open window and turns to see Han entering t doorway.
196) 1) dialog: The ship is almost finished. Two or Three more things and  we're in great shape.
196) 3) dialog: Relax.  I'll talk to Lando and  see what I can find out.
196) 5) dialog: Well, I don't trust him, either. But he is my friend.  Besides,  we'll soon be gone.
198) 0) text: The door zaps open.  Chewbacca walks in, carrying a packi Threepio, arms and legs hanging over the edge.
198) 2) dialog: Where?  Found him in a junk pile?
198) 4) dialog: Lando's got people who can fix  him.
198) 10) text: Thank you.
198) 14) dialog: No.  No problem.  Why? Han and Leia move arm-in-arm through the door, followed b Chewie.  The door slides closed behind them.
199) 0) text: Leia walks between Han and Lando as Chewie follows a shor behind.  Long shafts of light pour across the corridor be pure-white columns.
199) 4) dialog: Aren't you afraid the Empire's  going to find out about this  little operation and shut you down?
200) 0) text: The mighty doors to the dining room slide open and the gr dining room.  At the far end of a huge banquet table sits Standing at his side and slightly behind him is Boba Fett hunter. Faster than the wink of an eye, Han draws his blaster and couple of shots directly at Vader.  The Dark Lord quickly hand, deflecting the bolts into one of the side walls, wh explode harmlessly.  Just as quickly, Han's weapon zips i hand.  The evil presence calmly places the gun on the tab him.
200) 4) dialog: I'm sorry, too.
202) 4) text: Just hang on.  We're almost there.
204) 0) text: Darth Vader strides through the room as two stormtroopers elaborate torture mechanism.  Han is strapped to a rack w forward onto the torture device.  Vader activates the mec creating two bursts of sparks, one of which strikes Han's The door opens, and Vader leaves the torture room just as sharp, piercing cry of agony.  Darth Vader moves to the h chamber, where Lando and Boba Fett await him.
205) 3) text: You may take Captain Solo to  Jabba the Hut after I have  Skywalker. Han's screams filter through the torture room door.
206) 2) dialog: I feel terrible. Chewie helps Han to a platform and then turns as the door revealing Leia.  She, too, looks a little worse for wear. push her into the cell, and the door slides closed.  She who is lying on the platform, and kneels next to him, gen his head.
206) 4) dialog: They never even asked me any  questions. The cell door slides open.  Lando and two of his guards e
206) 6) dialog: Get out of here, Lando!
206) 8) dialog: Over to you?
206) 14) dialog: Luke?
206) 18) dialog: Perfect.  You fixed us all pretty  good, didn't you? (spits it out)
206) 19) text: My friend! Han hauls off and punches Lando.  The two friends are ins in a frantic close-quarters fight.  The guards hit Han wi butts and he flies across the room.  Chewie growls and st guards.  They point their laser weapons at the giant Wook stops them.
206) 21) dialog: Yeah, you're a real hero. Lando and the guards leave.  Han wipes the blood from his and Chewie help him up.
210) 0) text: There is a great activity on the carbon-freezing platform Ugnaughts frantically prepare the chamber for use.  A spe coffinlike container is put in place.  With Boba Fett in squad of six stormtroopers brings in Han, Leia and Chewie Chewie's back, with only his head, torso, and one arm ass Threepio.  Threepio's head faces the opposite direction f and the droid is constantly twisting around in a vain eff what is happening.  His one attached arm is animate and e intermittently pointing, gesturing, and covering his eyes remaining pieces of his body are randomly bundled to the so that his legs and other arm stick out at odd angles fr
210) 2) dialog: (to Lando)
210) 8) dialog: Stop, Chewie, stop!  Do you hear  me?  Stop!
210) 10) dialog: Chewie!  Chewie, this won't help  me.  Hey! Han gives the Wookiee a stern look.
210) 11) dialog: Save your strength.  There'll be  another time.  The princess - you  have to take care of her.  You  hear me? Han winks at the Wookiee, who wails a doleful farewell. In a flash the guards have slipped binders on Chewbacca, distraught to protest.  Han turns to Princess Leia.  They sorrowfully at one another, then Han moves toward her and final, passionate kiss.
210) 13) dialog: I know. Tears roll down Leia's face as she watches the dashing pi the hydraulic platform.  Han looks one final time at his then, suddenly, the platform drops.  Chewie howls.  Leia agony. Lando winces in sorrow; it makes a life-changing impressi Instantly, fiery liquid begins to pour down in a shower o fluid as great as any steel furnace.  Holding Leia, Chewi away from the sight, giving Threepio a view of the proced
211) 0) text: As Luke and Artoo move carefully down a deserted corridor group of people coming down a side hallway.  Artoo lets o series of beeps and whistles.  Luke glares at the tiny dr in his tracks with a feeble squeak. Boba Fett enters from a side hallway followed by two guar floating, encased body of Han Solo.  Two stormtroopers, w immediately spot Luke and open fire on him.  The youth dr and blasts the two troopers before they can get off a sec two guards whisk Han into another hallway as Fett lowers fires a deadly laser at Luke, which explodes to one side huge chunk of wall. Luke rushes to a side hallway, but by the time he reaches Han, and the guards are gone.  A think metal door blocks Luke turns to see Leia, Chewie, Threepio, and Lando being second hallway by several other stormtroopers.  Leia turn to see Luke.
216) 0) text: Leia, Lando, and Chewie, with Threepio on his back, march guarded by six stormtroopers.  The group reaches an inter Lobot and a dozen of Lando's guards stand at attention. The guards immediately aim their weapons at the startled Taking the stormtroopers' weapons from them, Lobot hands and one to Lando.
217) 0) text: The two guards slide Han's encased body into an opening i the bounty hunter's ship.  Boba Fett climb aboard on a la the cargo hold.
218) 3) text: Hurry, hurry!  We're trying to  save Han from the bounty hunter! Whistling frantically to Threepio, Artoo scoots along wit group.
222) 0) text: Luke falls onto the gantry, rolls, and hangs over the edg deactivated sword in hand.  He puts the sword on his belt scramble up.
224) 0) text: In a panic, Cloud City residents are trying to get out of Some carry boxes, others packages.  They run, then change Some are shooting at stormtroopers, others simply try to Other stormtroopers pursue Lando, Leia, and Chewie who ar at them.  Artoo works on another door to the landing plat Threepio berates him for his seeming ineptitude.
227) 0) text: Chewie works the controls as Leia sits in Han's seat and over their shoulders.  As Chewie pulls back on the thrott begins to move.
232) 0) text: Unable to hang onto the pipe, Luke tumbles out, emerging undermost part of Cloud City.  Reaching out desperately, grab onto on electronic weather vane.
236) 0) text: Nearly unconscious, Luke hangs upside-down on the weather body shifts in the wind.
239) 0) text: Luke hangs by one arm from the crossbar of the weather va from the bar and grabs onto the pole of the vane as the F toward him.  The Falcon positions itself under Luke as La through the opening of the hatch.  Luke begins to slide a falls from the vane into space.
254) 0) text: Luke realizes that Vader's ship is very near.  He feels r fate.  He senses that he is beaten, more emotionally than
257) 0) text: Lando and Leia are at the controls of the Falcon.  Meanwh ship's hold, Chewie continues to work frantically on the mechanism.
267) 0) text: Admiral Piett and another captain glance at Vader in terr turns slowly and walks off the bridge, his hands held beh in a contemplative gesture.
271) 2) text: Princess, we'll find Han.  I  promise.
272) 4) text: Take care, you two.  May the  Force be with you. Luke looks down at his hand.  A metalized type of bandage wrapped around his wrist.  The medical droid makes some a a tiny electronic unit, then pricks each one of Luke's fi