183) 2) text: No, I don't have a landing  permit.  I'm trying to reach  Lando Calrissian. More flak bursts outside the cockpit window and rattles t interior.  Leia looks worried.
187) 0) text: Lando Calrissian, a suave, dashing black man in his thirt group of aides and some Cloud City guard rapidly toward t platform. The group, like the other citizens of the city, is a motl of aliens, droids, and humans of all descriptions.  Lando expression on his face as he moves onto the landing platf
188) 2) text: Keep your eyes open, okay? Chewie growls as Han walks down the ramp.  Lando and his across the bridge to meet the space pirate.
189) 0) text: Lando stops ten feet from Han.  The two men eye each othe Lando shakes his head.
189) 1) dialog: Why, you slimy, double-crossing,  no-good swindler!  You've got a  lot of guts coming here, after  what you pulled. Han points to himself innocently, mouthing, "Me?" Lando moves threateningly toward Han.  Suddenly, he throw around his startled, long-lost friend and embraces him.
189) 2) dialog: (laughs)
190) 1) dialog: What are you doing here?
190) 4) dialog: (in mock panic)
190) 7) dialog: Hello.  What have we here?   Welcome.  I'm Lando Calrissian. I'm the administrator of this  facility.  And who might you be?
190) 9) dialog: Welcome, Leia. Lando bows before Leia and kisses her hand.
190) 13) dialog: What's wrong with the Falcon?
190) 15) dialog: I'll get my people to work on it.
190) 17) dialog: You know, that ship saved my life  quite a few times.  She's the  fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy.
191) 2) dialog: Oh, not as well as I'd like. We're a small outpost and not  very self-sufficient.  And I've  had supply problems of every kind. I've had labor difficulties... (catches Han  grinning at him)
191) 5) dialog: You know, seeing you sure  brings back a few things.
191) 7) dialog: (shakes his head)
191) 8) text: Yeah.  I'm responsible these days. It's the price you pay for being  successful. Han and Lando laugh together, and the group moves on thro corridor. The lagging Threepio passes a Threepio-type silver droid out of a door.
193) 0) text: Lando, Han, and Leia continue down the corridor unaware o dreadful accident.  Chewbacca glances around, sniffs the shrugs his shoulders and follows the group.
198) 6) dialog: I'm sorry.  Am I interrupting  anything?
198) 8) dialog: You look absolutely beautiful. You truly belong here with us  among the clouds.
198) 11) dialog: Will you join me for a little  refreshment? Han looks at Lando suspiciously, but Chewie barks at the food and licks his lips.
198) 12) dialog: Everyone's invited, of course. Leia takes Lando's proffered arm, and the group turns to spots Threepio's remains.
198) 13) dialog: Having trouble with you droid? Han and Leia exchange a quick glance.
199) 0) text: Leia walks between Han and Lando as Chewie follows a shor behind.  Long shafts of light pour across the corridor be pure-white columns.
199) 1) dialog: So you see, since we're a small  operation, we don't fall into  the... uh... jurisdiction of the  Empire.
199) 3) dialog: No, not actually.  Our operation  is small enough not to be noticed...  which is advantageous for everybody  since our customers are anxious  to avoid attracting attention to  themselves. The group walks into another corridor and heads for a hug the far end.
199) 5) dialog: That's always been a danger looming  like a shadow over everything we've  built here.  But things have  developed that will insure security. I've just made a deal that will  keep the Empire out of here forever.
200) 2) dialog: I had no choice.  They arrived  right before you did.  I'm sorry.
204) 0) text: Darth Vader strides through the room as two stormtroopers elaborate torture mechanism.  Han is strapped to a rack w forward onto the torture device.  Vader activates the mec creating two bursts of sparks, one of which strikes Han's The door opens, and Vader leaves the torture room just as sharp, piercing cry of agony.  Darth Vader moves to the h chamber, where Lando and Boba Fett await him.
205) 1) dialog: Lord Vader.
205) 6) dialog: Lord Vader, what about Leia and  the Wookiee?
205) 8) dialog: That was never a condition of our  agreement, nor was giving Han to  this bounty hunter!
205) 10) dialog: No.
205) 12) dialog: This deal's getting worse all  the time.
206) 7) dialog: Shut up and listen!  Vader has  agreed to turn Leia and Chewie  over to me.
206) 9) dialog: They'll have to stay here, but at  least they'll be safe.
206) 11) dialog: Vader's giving him to the bounty  hunter.
206) 13) dialog: He doesn't want you at all.  He's  after somebody called Skywalker.
206) 15) dialog: Lord Vader has set a trap for him. Leia's mind is racing.
206) 17) dialog: Well, he's on his way. Han's rage peaks.
206) 19) text: My friend! Han hauls off and punches Lando.  The two friends are ins in a frantic close-quarters fight.  The guards hit Han wi butts and he flies across the room.  Chewie growls and st guards.  They point their laser weapons at the giant Wook stops them.
206) 20) dialog: Stop!  I've done all I can.  I'm  sorry I couldn't do better, but  I have my own problems.
207) 0) text: Four armor-suited stormtroopers stand at the ready in the chamber, which is filled with pipes and chemical tanks. of the room is a round pit housing a hydraulic platform. and Lando stand near the platform.
207) 4) dialog: Lord Vader, we only use this  facility for carbon freezing.  If  you put him in there, it might  kill him.
210) 4) dialog: You're being put into carbon freeze. Boba Fett moves away from the group to Darth Vader.
210) 16) dialog: Yes, he's alive.  And in perfect  hibernation. Vader turns to Boba Fett.
210) 20) dialog: You said they'd be left in the  city under my supervision.
211) 0) text: As Luke and Artoo move carefully down a deserted corridor group of people coming down a side hallway.  Artoo lets o series of beeps and whistles.  Luke glares at the tiny dr in his tracks with a feeble squeak. Boba Fett enters from a side hallway followed by two guar floating, encased body of Han Solo.  Two stormtroopers, w immediately spot Luke and open fire on him.  The youth dr and blasts the two troopers before they can get off a sec two guards whisk Han into another hallway as Fett lowers fires a deadly laser at Luke, which explodes to one side huge chunk of wall. Luke rushes to a side hallway, but by the time he reaches Han, and the guards are gone.  A think metal door blocks Luke turns to see Leia, Chewie, Threepio, and Lando being second hallway by several other stormtroopers.  Leia turn to see Luke.
216) 0) text: Leia, Lando, and Chewie, with Threepio on his back, march guarded by six stormtroopers.  The group reaches an inter Lobot and a dozen of Lando's guards stand at attention. The guards immediately aim their weapons at the startled Taking the stormtroopers' weapons from them, Lobot hands and one to Lando.
216) 1) dialog: Well done.  Hold them in the  security tower - and keep it  quiet.  Move. As Lando's guards quickly march the stormtroopers away, L undo Chewie's binding.
216) 3) dialog: We're getting out of here.
216) 6) dialog: (choking)
216) 11) dialog: I'm just trying to help...
216) 13) dialog: (choking)
216) 17) dialog: There's still a chance to save  Han... I mean, at the East  Platform...
218) 0) text: Lando, Leia, and Chewie run down a Cloud City corridor wh they spot Artoo who rushes toward them, beeping wildly.
219) 0) text: An elevator door slides open and Lando, Leia, and Chewbac large bay overlooking the East Landing Platform. Just as they arrive, Boba Fett's ship takes off against a sky.   In wild anguish, Chewie howls and starts firing at the sh
223) 0) text: Leia, Lando, Chewie and the droids come round a corner an door to the landing platform.  They glimpse the Millenniu moment before the door slams shut.  The group ducks into stormtroopers arrive at the end of the corridor.  The tro rain of laser bolts at the group.  Chewie returns their f punches desperately at the door's control panel.
223) 1) dialog: The security codes has been changed!
223) 3) dialog: Attention!  This is Lando Calrissian.  The Empire has takes  control of the city.  I advise  everyone to leave before more  Imperial troops arrive. Artoo takes off a computer cover and sticks his computer socket.  Suddenly, a short beep turns into a wild scream. circuits light up, his head spins wildly, and smoke begin underneath him.  Quickly, Chewie pulls him away.
223) 4) dialog: This way. Lando, Leia, Artoo, and Chewie flee down the corridor.  A along with them, Artoo sends some angry beeps Threepio's
224) 0) text: In a panic, Cloud City residents are trying to get out of Some carry boxes, others packages.  They run, then change Some are shooting at stormtroopers, others simply try to Other stormtroopers pursue Lando, Leia, and Chewie who ar at them.  Artoo works on another door to the landing plat Threepio berates him for his seeming ineptitude.
225) 0) text: They race for the Millennium Falcon as a battalion of sto reaches the main door.  Lando and Leia hold off the troop droids get on board with Chewie.  As Chewie bounds to the Threepio on his back, Threepio hits his head on the top o
225) 2) dialog: Leia!  Go!
233) 0) text: Leia seems to be lost in a fog, her expression troubled. busy operating the ship.  Lando stands next to the Wookie readout on the control panel.
233) 2) dialog: What?
233) 4) dialog: But what about those fighter? Chewie barks in agreement with Lando.
233) 6) dialog: But what about Vader? Chewie turns on Lando, the newcomer, with an ominous grow
233) 7) dialog: All right, all right, all right.
238) 1) dialog: (pointing out the  cockpit window)
242) 0) text: The hatch pops open with a hiss of pressure.  Lando reach the battered warrior inside the ship.
243) 2) text: Lando?
243) 3) dialog: (over intercom)
245) 0) text: Explosions erupt all around the cockpit, buffeting the sh Chewie howls as he frantically tries to control the ship. Leia and Chewie turns to see Luke, bloody and battered, e cockpit supported by Lando.  Leia jumps up and hugs him w barks in joyous relief.
245) 2) dialog: All right, Chewie.  Let's go. Leia helps Luke from the cockpit as another huge blast ro
248) 0) text: All over the ship muted alarm buzzers sound.  Lando anxio the flashing lights on the control panel and hurriedly ad switches.  Seated next to him, Chewie points out a new bl on the panel.  Leia, watching over their shoulders, recog shape.
248) 2) dialog: All right, Chewie.  Ready for  light-speed.
248) 5) dialog: Punch it! The Wookiee shrugs and pulls back on the light-speed thro sound of the ion engine changes...it is winding up.  Face expectant.  But nothing happens, and the engine goes off. out a frustrated howl.  The flak still violently rocks th
248) 6) dialog: They told me they fixed it.  I  trusted them to fix it.  It's not  my fault! Chewie gets up from his chair and starts out of the cockp Lando and angry shove as he storms past him.
252) 0) text: Leia and Lando, seated in front of the control panel, are sprayed by a shower of sparks.
257) 0) text: Lando and Leia are at the controls of the Falcon.  Meanwh ship's hold, Chewie continues to work frantically on the mechanism.
257) 1) dialog: (into intercom)
264) 0) text: Leia and Lando are thrown into their seats as the Millenn unexpectedly shoot into hyperspace.
269) 0) text: Lando sits in the pilot's seat as he talks into the comli busily throws a variety of switches in preparation for ta
269) 1) dialog: (into comlink)
269) 4) text: Good luck, Lando
269) 5) dialog: (into comlink)
271) 1) dialog: (into comlink)