2) 0) text: A small figure gallops across the windswept ice slope.  T rider is mounted on a large gray snow lizard, a Tauntaun. plumes of snow rise from beneath the speeding paws of the beast. The rider gallops up a slope and reins his lizard to a st off his protective goggles, Luke Skywalker notices someth sky.  He takes a pair of electrobinoculars from his utili through them sees smoke rising from where the probe robot The wind whips at Luke's fur-lined cap and he activates a transmitter.  His Tauntaun shifts and moans nervously ben
2) 1) dialog: (into comlink)
2) 5) dialog: (into comlink)
2) 9) dialog: (into comlink)
2) 10) text: Right.  I'll see you shortly.   There's a meteorite that hit the  ground near here.  I want to check  it out.  It won't take long. Luke clicks off his transmitter and reins back on his ner He pats the beast on the head to calm it.
2) 11) dialog: Hey, steady girl.  What's the  matter?  You smell something? Luke takes a small device from his belt and starts to adj suddenly a large shadow falls over him from behind.  He h monstrous howl and turns to see an eleven-foot-tall shape him.  It is a Wampa Ice Creature, lunging at him ferociou
2) 12) dialog: Aaargh! Luke grabs for his pistol, but is hit flat in the face by claw.  He falls unconscious into the snow and in a moment screams of the Tauntaun are cut short by the horrible sna being broken. The Wampa Ice Creature grabs Luke by one ankle and drags across the frozen plain.
10) 0) text: The jagged face of a huge ice wall sits gloomily in the d a Hoth day.  Luke hangs upside down, ankles frozen into i stalactites, his extended arms within a foot of the snow side of his face is covered in a dried mask of frozen blo his eyes as a chilling moan of the hideous ice creature e gorge walls.  Luke pulls himself up, grabs hold of his an futilely tries to unfasten the throngs. Exhausted, he drops back into his hanging position.  As h he spies his lightsaber lying near a pile of his discarde three feet out of reach. He focuses on the saber and, as his hand strains toward t squeezes his eyes tight in concentration. Just as the ice creature looms over Luke, the lightsaber Luke's hand. The young warrior instantly ignites his sword, swinging u himself loose from the ice.  He flops to the snow in a he startled creature moves back, his giant yellow eyes blink scrambles to his feet.  He swings his lightsaber and the in pain.
11) 0) text: Luke staggers out of the gorge into the dark and snowy tw and exhausted, he stumbles down a snow bank.
14) 0) text: The wind is blowing quite strong now.  Luke struggles to but a blast of freezing snow knocks him over.  He struggl but he can't.  The young warrior from Tatooine drags hims of feet and then collapses.
16) 0) text: Luke lies face down in the snow, nearly unconscious.  Slo up and sees Ben Kenobi, barely visible through the blowin hard to tell if Kenobi is real or a hallucination.
16) 2) dialog: (weakly)
16) 5) dialog: Dagobah system?
16) 7) dialog: (groaning faintly)
16) 8) text: Ben... Ben. Luke drops into unconsciousness. Han pulls up and leaps off his mount.  He hurries to his friend, cradling him in his arms.  Han's Tauntaun lets ou pitiful bellow.  But Han's concern is with Luke, and he s urgently.
16) 11) dialog: (moaning)
16) 14) dialog: Dagobah system... Han ignites Luke's saber and cuts the beast from head to quickly tosses it's steaming innards into the snow, then inert form and stuffs him inside the carcass.
16) 17) dialog: Dagobah...
16) 19) dialog: (moaning)
22) 0) text: Strange robot surgeons adjust a mass of electronic equipm is thrown and a sudden blinding flash obscures Luke in a filled with a thick, gelatinous slime.  He begins to thra raving in delirium.
23) 0) text: Luke sits up in a recovery-room bed, weak but smiling.  H terrible wounds from the Wampa's attack.  Threepio and Ar room.
23) 4) dialog: Thanks to you.
23) 15) text: I must have hit pretty close to  the mark to get her all riled up  like that, huh, kid? Leia looks vulnerable for a moment, then the mask falls a focuses on Luke.
23) 18) text: Headquarters personnel, report to  command center. The voice repeats the order and Han, Chewie, Artoo, and T out of the room, bidding farewell to Luke.
31) 0) text: Luke dresses in readiness for the evacuation as his atten droid stands by.
31) 2) dialog: Well, forget the heavy equipment. There's plenty of time to get the  smaller modules on the transports.
31) 4) dialog: Thanks.
32) 0) text: Pilots, gunners, and R2 units scurry about.  Luke, pullin heavy-weather jacket, is headed toward a row of armored s stops at the rear of the Millennium Falcon, where Han and trying to repair the right lifter with even more haste th
32) 1) dialog: Chewie, take care of yourself,  okay? As Luke pats Chewie on the arm, Chewie puts his arms arou gives him a tight hug.  Han is discussing the lifter with droid when he sees Luke.
32) 3) text: There's got to be a reason for  it.  Check it at the other end. Wait a second. (to Luke)
32) 5) dialog: Yeah.
32) 7) dialog: You, too. Luke smiles, then waves at his friend and walks on.  Afte he stops and looks back.  Han glances up and the two exch communication, each wishing the other safety, happiness - all difficult to verbalize. INT. REBEL BASE - CONTROL ROOM. Alarms sound throughout the hidden Rebel base.  In the co controller urgently gestures for General Rieekan to check scan.
44) 2) text: The first transport is away. Everyone cheers at the announcement, which echoes through Luke turns and walks on, heading toward his snowspeeder. Dack, a fresh-faced, eager kid, is glad to see him.  They
44) 4) dialog: Just like new, Dack.  How about  you?
44) 6) dialog: (quietly, strapping  in)
49) 1) dialog: (into comlink) 
51) 1) dialog: (into comlink) 
51) 4) dialog: Steady, Dack.  Attack pattern  delta.  Go now!
53) 1) dialog: All right, I'm coming in. He turns his speeder and heads directly at one of the wal toward its towering legs.  The horizon twists as the spee between the legs.
53) 2) dialog: (into comlink)
57) 0) text: General Veers and two walker pilots keep a careful eye on Rebel snowspeeders as they maneuver their lumbering war m forward. Luke's speeder banks in from the side of Veers's walker a straight for its viewport, blasting away.  An explosion h window, but dissipates, doing no harm.  The speeder roars the impregnable war machine.
58) 0) text: Luke looks back at the walker as it grows smaller in the
58) 1) dialog: That armor's too strong for  blasters. On the horizon, another walker moves up past Luke's cockp twisting out of sight as Luke banks and starts another ru
58) 2) dialog: (into comlink)
58) 6) dialog: Just hang on.  Hang on, Dack.  Get  ready to fire that tow cable. Barely keeping his seat in the tumbling ship, Dack strugg his harpoon gun. Luke swings his speeder around and heads toward an oncomi Laser bolts and flak fill the air, creating a deadly obst for the tiny craft.
60) 0) text: After sustaining a heavy volley of fire, Luke turns aroun Dack is all right.
60) 1) dialog: Dack?  Dack! Dack is lost.  Blood streams down his forehead, which res smoldering controls.  Out the back window, an Imperial wa in the distance.
65) 1) dialog: (into comlink) 
66) 3) dialog: (over comlink) 
67) 1) dialog: (into comlink) 
81) 1) dialog: (into comlink) 
86) 0) text: Luke's speeder and Rogue Two fly in formation, banking fr left and flying above the erupting battlefield.  Flak bur them.
87) 0) text: Luke, glancing over, sees Rogue Two on his left.  His shi flak bursts nearby.
87) 1) dialog: (into comlink) 
89) 1) dialog: (into comlink) 
92) 1) dialog: (into comlink) 
93) 4) dialog: (over comlink) 
94) 0) text: Luke's speeder moves in formation with Rogue Two, when su speeder is hit by a laser bolt.  His ship bucks violently impact and the cockpit explodes in a ball of flame. Spewing smoke, the speeder hurtles toward a looming walke they collide.  Rogue Two explodes in a million flaming pi
95) 0) text: Desperately, Luke works the controls of his flak-buffeted Suddenly, the speeder is rocked by a huge explosion.  Luk with the controls with a look of terror on his face.  The with smoke, and electrical sparks jump about the cockpit.
95) 1) dialog: (into comlink) 
100) 0) text: On the battlefield, Luke watches as a walker foot rises a him.  He looks up at the underbelly of the huge walker, p overhead. Running beneath the monstrous machine, Luke fires his har the walker's underside.  A thin cable follows the project gun.  The magnetic head and cable attach firmly to the me Still running under the walker, Luke attaches the cable d belt buckle.  Soon he is pulled up the cable and hangs da underneath the walker. The walker's giant feet continue to pound onward across t snow.  Stray laser bolts whistle by Luke as he climbs up the walker's hull, reaching a small hatch.  Hanging preca cuts the solid metal hatch with his laser sword. He takes a landmine from around his neck and throws it in Imperial machine.  Quickly, Luke starts down the cable an the icy ground far below.  He lies unconscious as a giant passes by - and just misses him. The giant walker stops in mid-step.  A muffled explosion within - and then the walker's mechanical insides  are sp conceivable opening.  The machine sits dead in its tracks a locomotive on stilts.
101) 0) text: Veers's walker continues to advance toward the Rebel base smoldering walker that Luke exploded stands smoking just of Veers's path.
116) 0) text: Luke and two other pilots look up as the Millennium Falco them, flying very close to the ground. The three pilots turn then, and trudge onward toward thei fighters, each going to his own ship.  Luke waves farewel toward his own fighter.   Artoo, seated on his cubbyhole, chirps an excited greetin climbs aboard the spacecraft.
116) 1) dialog: Artoo!  Get her ready for takeoff. From his ship, Luke sees Wedge in his own X-wing, prepari takeoff.
116) 3) dialog: Don't worry, Artoo.  We're going,  we're going. The canopy over the X-wing lowers and snaps shut.
117) 0) text: Luke's fighter, its wings closed, speeds away from the ic Soon it disappears into the stars.
118) 0) text: Luke, looking thoughtful, suddenly makes a decision.  He switches.  The stars shift as he takes his fighter into a The X-wing banks sharply and flies away in a new directio The monitor screen on Luke's control panel prints out a q the concerned Artoo.
118) 1) dialog: (into comlink)
118) 3) dialog: (into comlink)
118) 4) text: We're not going to regroup with  the others. Artoo begins a protest, whistling an unbelieving, "What?! Luke reads Artoo's exclamation on his control panel.
118) 5) dialog: (into comlink)
118) 6) text: We're going to the Dagobah system. Luke checks his readouts and makes a few adjustments.  He with only the soft hum of the instruments to break the si Finally, Artoo chirps up.
118) 7) dialog: (into comlink)
118) 9) dialog: (into comlink, chuckling)
118) 10) text: That's all right.  I'd like to  keep it on manual control for a  while. The little droid lets out a defeated whimper.  Luke smile continues on his course.
139) 0) text: Luke watches Artoo's words as they are translated and scr computer scope.
139) 1) dialog: (into comlink)
139) 3) dialog: (into comlink)
139) 6) dialog: (into comlink)
141) 0) text: Luke sees the cloud race by as he takes his craft closer He must operate his controls carefully since the cloud co completely obscured his vision.  An alarm buzzes in the b Artoo beeps and whistles frantically.
141) 1) dialog: (into comlink)
141) 2) text: I know, I know!  All the scopes are  dead.  I can't see a thing!  Just  hang on, I'm going to start the  landing cycle... The blast of the retrorockets is deafening, drowning out electronic squeals.  Suddenly, there is a cracking sound were being broken off trees and then a tremendous jolt as spacecraft stops.  Luke pulls a switch and his canopy pop
142) 0) text: The mist-shrouded X-wing fighter is almost invisible in t Luke climbs out onto the long nose of the spacecraft as A of his cubbyhole on the back.  The young warrior surveys is barely pierced by the ship's landing lights.  About al out are some giant, twisted trees nearby.  Artoo whistles
142) 1) dialog: No, Artoo, you stay put.  I'll  have a look around. Artoo lets out a short beep.  As Luke moves along the nos his balance and disappears with a splash into the boggy l
142) 2) dialog: Artoo? Luke kneels and leans over the plane looking for Artoo, b is still and reveals no sign of the little droid.
142) 3) dialog: Artoo!  Where are you? A small periscope breaks the surface of the water and a g heard.  The periscope starts to move to shore.  Relieved, running along the nose of the fighter to its tip.
142) 4) dialog: Artoo!  You be more careful. The outline of the shore is now more than ten feet away. Luke jumps off the plane into the water, scrambles up to turns to look for Artoo.  The periscope still steadily mo shore.
142) 5) dialog: Artoo - that way! Suddenly, through the thick fog layer, a dark shape appea toward the little droid.  The dark, sinuous bog beast div swampy water, making a loud clunk against Artoo's metal h droid disappears from sight, uttering a pathetic electron Holding his ignited lightsaber before him, Luke wades a f the murky pool, looking for any sign of his little friend
142) 6) dialog: Artoo! The black surface is still as death itself... until a few to appear.  Then, phheewaat!! The runt-size robot is spit water, makes a graceful arc, and comes crashing down into soft gray moss.
142) 7) dialog: Oh, no!  Are you all right?  Come  on.  You're lucky you don't taste  very good.  Anything broken? Luke helps Artoo to his feet and begins wiping the mud an his round metal body.  Artoo responds with feeble, soggy
142) 8) dialog: If you're saying coming here was  a bad idea, I'm beginning to agree  with you.  Oh, Artoo, what are we  doing here?  It's like... something  out of a dream, or, I don't know.   Maybe I'm just going crazy. As Luke glances around at the spooky swamp jungle that su Artoo ejects a stream of muddy water from one of his cran
146) 0) text: The mist has dispersed a bit, but it is still a very gloo swamp. Luke pulls an equipment box from the shore to the clearin a little fusion furnace and warms his hands before it.  T cable, he plugs it into Artoo's noselike socket.
146) 1) dialog: Ready for some power?  Okay.   Let's see now.  Put that in  there.  There you go. The droid whistles his appreciation.  Luke then opens a c processed food and sits before the thermal heater.
146) 2) dialog: (sighs)
146) 4) dialog: Still... there's something familiar  about this place.  I feel like...  I don't know...
146) 6) dialog: (looking at the  creature)
146) 10) dialog: I'm looking for someone.
146) 12) dialog: (Trying to keep from  smiling)
146) 15) dialog: I don't think so.  I'm looking  for a great warrior.
146) 17) text: Wars not make one great. With the aid of a walking stick, the tiny stranger moves the cases of supplies.  He begins to rummage around. Artoo moves to the edge of the case - standing almost eye creature who is carelessly handling the supplies - and sq disapproval. Their tiny visitor pick up the container of food Luke was and takes a bite.
146) 18) dialog: Put that down.  Hey!  That's my  dinner! The creature spits out the bite he has taken.  He makes a
146) 20) dialog: Listen, friend, we didn't mean to  land in that puddle, and if we  could get our ship out, we would,  but we can't, so why don't you just...
146) 22) text: Aww, cannot get your ship out? The creature spots something of interest in Luke's case. patience and grabs the case away.  The creature retains h tiny power lamp - and examines it with delight.
146) 23) dialog: Hey, you could have broken this. Don't do that.  Ohhh... you're  making a mess.  Hey, give me that!
146) 25) text: Mine!  Or I will help you not. Clutching its treasure, the creature backs away from Luke closer to Artoo.  As Luke and the creature argue, one of arms slowly moves out toward the power lamp, completely u the creature.
146) 26) dialog: I don't want your help.  I want  my lamp back.  I'll need it to  get out of this slimy mudhole.
146) 29) dialog: Oh, Artoo, let him have it!
146) 31) dialog: Artoo!
146) 34) dialog: (fed up)
146) 38) dialog: I'm not looking for a friend.  I'm looking for a Jedi Master.
146) 40) dialog: You know him?
146) 42) text: Yes, yes.  But now, we must eat. Come.  Good food.  Come. With that, the creature scurries out of the clearing, lau Luke stares after him.  All he sees is the faint light fr power lamp moving through the fog.  Luke makes his decisi after the creature.
146) 45) dialog: Stay here and watch after the  camp, Artoo. Artoo beeps even more frantically.  But as Luke disappear the worried little droid grows quieter, and utters a soft sigh.
153) 1) dialog: Look, I'm sure it's delicious.   I just don't understand why we  can't see Yoda now.
153) 3) dialog: How far away is Yoda?  Will it  take us long to get there?
153) 6) dialog: Mostly because of my father, I  guess.
153) 8) dialog: (a little angry)
153) 10) text: Oh, I don't know what I'm doing  here.  We're wasting our time. The creature turns away from Luke and speaks to a third p
153) 12) text: I cannot teach him.  The boy has  no patience. Luke's head spins in the direction the creature faces.  B one there.  The boy is bewildered, but it gradually dawns the little creature is Yoda, the Jedi Master, and that he with Ben.
153) 17) dialog: Yoda!  I am ready.  I... Ben!  I  can be a Jedi.  Ben, tell him I'm  ready. Trying to see Ben, Luke starts to get up but hits his hea ceiling.
153) 19) text: This one a long time have I watched. All his life has he looked away... to the future, to the horizon. Never his mind on where he was. Hmm?  What he was doing.  Hmph.   Adventure.  Heh!  Excitement.  Heh!   A Jedi craves not these things. (turning to Luke)
153) 20) text: You are reckless! Luke looks down.  He knows it is true.
153) 23) dialog: But I've learned so much. Yoda turns his piercing gaze on Luke, as though the Jedi eyes could somehow determine how much the boy had learned long moment, the little Jedi turns toward where he alone
153) 26) dialog: I won't fail you - I'm not afraid.
163) 0) text: With Yoda strapped to his back, Luke climbs up one of the vines that grow in the swamp.  Panting heavily, he contin - climbing, flipping through the air, jumping over roots, and out of the heavy ground fog.
163) 2) dialog: Vader.  Is the dark side stronger?
163) 4) dialog: But how am I to know the good side  from the bad?
163) 6) dialog: But tell me why I can't...
163) 8) text: No, no, there is no why.  Nothing  more will I teach you today. Clear your mind of questions.   Mmm.  Mmmmmmmm. Artoo beeps in the distance as Luke lets Yoda down to the Breathing heavily, he takes his shirt from a nearby tree pulls it on. He turns to see a huge, dead, black tree, its base surrou feet of water.  Giant, twisted roots form a dark and sini one side.  Luke stares at the tree, trembling.
163) 9) dialog: There's something not right here. Yoda sits on a large root, poking his Gimer Stick into th
163) 10) dialog: I feel cold, death.
163) 12) dialog: What's in there?
164) 0) text: Luke moves into the almost total darkness of the wet and The youth can barely make out the edge of the passage.  H saber before him, he sees a lizard crawling up the side o a snake wrapped around the branches of a tree.  Luke draw breath, then pushes deeper into the cave. The space widens around him, but he feels that rather tha His sword casts the only light as he peers into the darkn very quiet here. Then, a loud HISS! Darth Vader appears across the blackne illuminated by his own just-ignited laser sword.  Immedia charges Luke, saber held high.  He is upon the youth in s Luke sidesteps perfectly and slashes at Vader with his sw Vader is decapitated.  His helmet-encased head flies from as his body disappears into the darkness.  The metallic b helmet fills the cave as Vader's head spins and bounces, floor, and finally stops. For an instant it rests on the cracks vertically.  The black helmet and breath mask fall reveal... Luke's head. Across the space, the standing Luke gasps at the sight, w terror. The decapitated head fades away, as in a vision.
174) 0) text: Luke's face is upside-down and showing enormous strain. his hands, with Yoda perched on his feet.  Opposite Luke two rocks the size of bowling balls.  Luke stares at the concentrates.  One of the rocks lifts from the ground and rest on the other.
174) 4) dialog: Oh, no.  We'll never get it out  now. Yoda stamps his foot in irritation.
174) 6) dialog: Master, moving stones around is  one thing.  This is totally  different.
174) 8) dialog: (focusing, quietly)
174) 11) dialog: (panting heavily)
174) 18) dialog: (discouraged)
174) 19) text: You want the impossible. Quietly Yoda turns toward the X-wing fighter.  With his e his head bowed, he raises his arm and points at the ship. Soon, the fighter rises above the water and moves forward beeps in terror and scoots away. The entire X-wing moves majestically, surely, toward the stands on a tree root and guides the fighter carefully do beach. Luke stares in astonishment as the fighter settles down o He walks toward Yoda.
174) 20) dialog: I don't... I don't believe it.
180) 0) text: In the clearing behind Yoda's house, Luke again stands up his face shows less strain and more concentration than be sits on the ground below the young warrior.  On the other clearing, two equipment cases slowly rise into the air. watches, humming to himself, when suddenly he, too, rises His little legs kick desperately and his head turns frant looking for help.
180) 2) dialog: Han!  Leia! The two packing boxes and Artoo fall to the ground with a Luke himself tumbles over.
180) 5) dialog: I saw... I saw a city in the  clouds.
180) 7) dialog: They were in pain.
180) 9) dialog: Future?  Will they die? Yoda closes his eyes and lowers his head.
180) 11) dialog: I've got to go to them.
194) 0) text: In the bright lights of the fighter, Luke loads a heavy c belly of the ship.  Artoo sits on top of the X-wing, sett his cubbyhole.  Yoda stands nearby on a log.
194) 2) dialog: I can't keep the vision out of my  head.  They're my friends.  I've  got to help them.
194) 4) dialog: But Han and Leia will die if I  don't.
194) 7) dialog: But I can help them!  I feel  the Force!
194) 10) dialog: But I've learned so much since  then.  Master Yoda, I promise to  return and finish what I've begun.  You have my word.
194) 12) dialog: And that is why I have to go.
194) 14) dialog: You won't.
194) 17) dialog: And sacrifice Han and Leia?
194) 20) dialog: I understand. (he moves to his  X-wing)
194) 24) dialog: I will.  And I'll return.  I promise. Artoo closes the cockpit.  Ben and Yoda stand watching as the engines and the wind engulf them.
195) 0) text: Luke's tiny X-wing rockets away from the green planet of off into space.
201) 0) text: Luke's X-wing races through thick clouds toward Cloud Cit
202) 0) text: Luke is grim-faced as he pilots his course toward Bespin' city.  Artoo's beeps and whistles are transmitted onto th
202) 1) dialog: (into comlink)
202) 3) dialog: (into comlink)
208) 0) text: Luke's X-wing moves through the clouds as it nears the ci
209) 0) text: Encountering no city guards, Luke scans the display panel
211) 0) text: As Luke and Artoo move carefully down a deserted corridor group of people coming down a side hallway.  Artoo lets o series of beeps and whistles.  Luke glares at the tiny dr in his tracks with a feeble squeak. Boba Fett enters from a side hallway followed by two guar floating, encased body of Han Solo.  Two stormtroopers, w immediately spot Luke and open fire on him.  The youth dr and blasts the two troopers before they can get off a sec two guards whisk Han into another hallway as Fett lowers fires a deadly laser at Luke, which explodes to one side huge chunk of wall. Luke rushes to a side hallway, but by the time he reaches Han, and the guards are gone.  A think metal door blocks Luke turns to see Leia, Chewie, Threepio, and Lando being second hallway by several other stormtroopers.  Leia turn to see Luke.
212) 0) text: Luke runs into an anteroom and stops to get his bearings. others are nowhere to be seen.  Behind Luke, Artoo scoots corridor toward the anteroom when suddenly a giant metal slamming down, cutting off Luke's exit.  Several more doo echoing through the chamber.
214) 0) text: Luke cautiously walks forward among hissing pipes and ste opening above him, he stops to look up.  As he does, the stands on begins to move.
215) 0) text: Luke rises into the chamber, borne by the platform.  The deathly quiet.  Very little steam escapes the pipes and n seems to be in the large room.  Warily, Luke walks toward Steam begins to build up in the chamber.  Looking up thro Luke sees a dark figure standing on a walkway above him. his gun and moves up the stairs to face Vader.  He feels eager to engage his enemy.
220) 0) text: Luke and Vader are locked in combat on the platform overl chamber.  Their swords clash, the platform sways.  Luke a drives Vader back, forcing Vader to use defensive tactics
220) 2) dialog: You'll find I'm full of surprises. Vader makes two quick moves, hooking Luke's sword out of sending it flying.  Another lightning move at Luke's feet youth to jump back to protect himself.  Losing his balanc down the stairs to the circular carbon-freezing platform. sprawls on the floor, surprised and shaken.  Just in time to see Vader, like a giant black bird, flying right at hi away as Vader lands.  Crouching, Luke keeps his gaze stea enemy.
220) 4) dialog: No! Behind Luke the hydraulic elevator cover has opened noise the while, Luke slowly, cautiously moves back, away from Suddenly, Vader attacks so forcefully that Luke loses his falls back into the opening.  There is a rumble, and in a freezing steam rises to obscure Vader's vision.   Vader t deactivates his sword.
221) 0) text: Moving through a tunnellike entrance, Luke cautiously app reactor room.  He ignites his sword and moves into the ro a large window as Vader enters. Luke raises his sword and moves forward to attack. Behind Luke a large piece of machinery detaches itself fr and comes smashing forward toward his back.  Luke turns a half just as another machine comes hurtling at him.  Usin Luke manages to deflect it and send it flying as if it ha invisible shield. A large pipe detaches and comes flying at Luke.  He defle Sparking wires pull out of the wall and begin to whip at Small tools and equipment come flying at him.  Bombardmen sides, Luke does his best to deflect everything, but soon bloodied and bruised.  Finally, one machine glances off h flying out the large window.  A fierce wind blows into th unmoving, stands the dark, rocklike figure of Vader. A piece of machinery hits Luke and he is knocked out of t
222) 0) text: Luke falls onto the gantry, rolls, and hangs over the edg deactivated sword in hand.  He puts the sword on his belt scramble up.
229) 0) text: Luke moves along the railing and up to the control room. Vader lunges at him and Luke immediately raises his lit s Vader's.  Sparks fly as they duel, Vader gradually forcin backward toward the gantry.
229) 3) dialog: I'll never join you!
229) 5) dialog: He told me enough!  It was you  who killed him.
229) 7) dialog: No.  No.  That's not true!   That's impossible!
229) 9) dialog: No!  No!  No!
230) 0) text: Suddenly Luke is sucked into an exhaust pipe in the side When Vader sees this, he turns and hurries off the platfo
231) 0) text: Luke tumbles through the exhaust pipe. He slides to the end of the slickly polished pipe and sto hit a circular grill and knock it open.  Luke claws at th the pipe, trying to keep from sliding out into space.
232) 0) text: Unable to hang onto the pipe, Luke tumbles out, emerging undermost part of Cloud City.  Reaching out desperately, grab onto on electronic weather vane.
232) 1) dialog: Ben... Ben, please! Luke tries to pull himself up on the weather vane but sli He hooks one of his legs around the fragile instruments. while, a powerful current of air rushes out at him from t pipe.
232) 2) dialog: Ben.  Leia! There is an ominous cracking sound from the base of the weather vane and a piece breaks off, falling into the clo
232) 3) dialog: Hear me!  Leia!
236) 0) text: Nearly unconscious, Luke hangs upside-down on the weather body shifts in the wind.
239) 0) text: Luke hangs by one arm from the crossbar of the weather va from the bar and grabs onto the pole of the vane as the F toward him.  The Falcon positions itself under Luke as La through the opening of the hatch.  Luke begins to slide a falls from the vane into space.
240) 0) text: Out the cockpit window, Leia sees Luke falling from the b city.  The ship gains on him.
245) 0) text: Explosions erupt all around the cockpit, buffeting the sh Chewie howls as he frantically tries to control the ship. Leia and Chewie turns to see Luke, bloody and battered, e cockpit supported by Lando.  Leia jumps up and hugs him w barks in joyous relief.
245) 1) dialog: Oh, Leia.
247) 0) text: Luke rests on a cot, his injured arm wrapped in a protect Leia gently wipes his face.  The ship lurches again.
254) 0) text: Luke realizes that Vader's ship is very near.  He feels r fate.  He senses that he is beaten, more emotionally than
254) 1) dialog: Father.
256) 1) dialog: (moaning)
259) 0) text: Luke enters the cockpit and looks out the window.  He is unconscious with pain and depression.
259) 1) dialog: It's Vader.
261) 1) dialog: Ben, why didn't you tell me?
269) 2) text: Luke, we're ready for takeoff.
269) 3) dialog: (over comlink)
270) 0) text: Luke speaking into the comlink as a medical droid works o Leia stands near him while Threepio and Artoo look out th
270) 1) dialog: (into comlink)
272) 1) dialog: (into comlink)
272) 3) dialog: (into comlink)
272) 4) text: Take care, you two.  May the  Force be with you. Luke looks down at his hand.  A metalized type of bandage wrapped around his wrist.  The medical droid makes some a a tiny electronic unit, then pricks each one of Luke's fi
272) 5) dialog: Ow! Luke wriggles his fingers, makes a fist, and relaxes it. completely functional. He gets up and walks over to Leia.  There is a new bond b new understanding.  Leia is thinking about Han; Luke is t his uncertain and newly complicated future.  Together the large window of the medical center looking out on the Reb Cruiser and a dense, luminous galaxy swirling in space. Luke puts his arm around Leia.  The droids stand next to Threepio moves closer to Artoo putting his arm on him.  T watches as the Millennium Falcon moves into view, makes a zooms away into space.
273) 0) text: While Luke, Leia, and the droids stand, looking out the w star cruiser, two escort fighters join the large ship.  S cruiser turns and moves away into space.