16) 20) text: Yoda...
146) 3) text: Now all I have to do is find this  Yoda... if he even exists. Nervously, he looks around at the foreboding jungle.
153) 12) text: I cannot teach him.  The boy has  no patience. Luke's head spins in the direction the creature faces.  B one there.  The boy is bewildered, but it gradually dawns the little creature is Yoda, the Jedi Master, and that he with Ben.
153) 14) dialog: Hmmm.  Much anger in him, like his father.
153) 16) dialog: Hah.  He is not ready.
153) 18) dialog: Ready, are you?  What know you  of ready?  For eight hundred years  have I trained Jedi.  My own counsel  will I keep on who is to be trained! A Jedi must have the deepest  commitment, the most serious mind. (to the invisible  Ben, indicating Luke)
153) 22) dialog: He is too old.  Yes, too old to  begin the training. Luke thinks he detects a subtle softening in Yoda's voice
153) 24) dialog: (sighs)
153) 27) dialog: (turns slowly toward  him)
163) 0) text: With Yoda strapped to his back, Luke climbs up one of the vines that grow in the swamp.  Panting heavily, he contin - climbing, flipping through the air, jumping over roots, and out of the heavy ground fog.
163) 1) dialog: Run!  Yes.  A Jedi's strength  flows from the Force.  But beware  of the dark side.  Anger... fear...  aggression.  The dark side of  the Force are they. Easily they flow, quick to join  you in a fight.  If once you  start down the dark path, forever  will it dominate your destiny,  consume you it will, as it did  Obi-Wan's apprentice.
163) 3) dialog: No... no... no.  Quicker, easier,  more seductive.
163) 5) dialog: You will know.  When you are calm,  at peace.  Passive.  A Jedi uses  the Force for knowledge and  defense, never for attack.
163) 7) dialog: (interrupting)
163) 8) text: No, no, there is no why.  Nothing  more will I teach you today. Clear your mind of questions.   Mmm.  Mmmmmmmm. Artoo beeps in the distance as Luke lets Yoda down to the Breathing heavily, he takes his shirt from a nearby tree pulls it on. He turns to see a huge, dead, black tree, its base surrou feet of water.  Giant, twisted roots form a dark and sini one side.  Luke stares at the tree, trembling.
163) 11) dialog: That place... is strong with the  dark side of the Force.  A domain  of evil it is.  In you must go.
163) 13) dialog: Only what you take with you. Luke looks warily between the tree and Yoda.  He starts t weapon belt.
163) 14) dialog: Your weapons... you will not  need them. Luke gives the tree a long look, than shakes his head "no shrugs.  Luke reaches up to brush aside some hanging vine the tree.
165) 0) text: Meanwhile, Yoda sits on the root, calmly leaning on his G
174) 0) text: Luke's face is upside-down and showing enormous strain. his hands, with Yoda perched on his feet.  Opposite Luke two rocks the size of bowling balls.  Luke stares at the concentrates.  One of the rocks lifts from the ground and rest on the other.
174) 1) dialog: Use the Force.  Yes... Yoda taps Luke's leg.  Quickly, Luke lifts one hand from His body wavers, but he maintains his balance.  Artoo, st is whistling and beeping frantically.
174) 2) dialog: Now... the stone.  Feel it. Luke concentrates on trying to lift the top rock.  It ris shaking under the strain.  But, distracted by Artoo's fra Luke loses his balance and finally collapses.  Yoda jumps
174) 3) dialog: Concentrate! Annoyed at the disturbance, Luke looks over at Artoo, who urgently back and forth in front of him. Artoo waddles closer to Luke, chirping wildly, then scoot edge of the swamp.  Catching on, Luke rushes to the water X-wing fighter has sunk, and only the tip of its nose sho lake's surface.
174) 5) dialog: So certain are you.  Always with  you it cannot be done.  Hear you nothing that I say? Luke looks uncertainly out at the ship.
174) 7) dialog: No!  No different!  Only different  in your mind.  You must unlearn  what you have learned.
174) 10) dialog: No!  Try not.  Do.  Or do not.   There is no try. Luke closes his eyes and concentrates on thinking the shi Slowly, the X-wing's nose begins to rise above the water. for a moment and then slides back, disappearing once agai
174) 13) dialog: Size matters not.  Look at me.   Judge me by my size, do you?   Hm?  Mmmm. Luke shakes his head.
174) 14) dialog: And well you should not.  For my  ally in the Force.  And a powerful  ally it is.  Life creates it, makes  it grow.  Its energy surrounds us  and binds us.  Luminous beings  are we... (Yoda pinches  Luke's shoulder)
174) 19) text: You want the impossible. Quietly Yoda turns toward the X-wing fighter.  With his e his head bowed, he raises his arm and points at the ship. Soon, the fighter rises above the water and moves forward beeps in terror and scoots away. The entire X-wing moves majestically, surely, toward the stands on a tree root and guides the fighter carefully do beach. Luke stares in astonishment as the fighter settles down o He walks toward Yoda.
174) 21) dialog: That is why you fail. Luke shakes his head, bewildered.
180) 0) text: In the clearing behind Yoda's house, Luke again stands up his face shows less strain and more concentration than be sits on the ground below the young warrior.  On the other clearing, two equipment cases slowly rise into the air. watches, humming to himself, when suddenly he, too, rises His little legs kick desperately and his head turns frant looking for help.
180) 1) dialog: Concentrate... feel the Force  flow.  Yes.  Good.  Calm, yes.   Through the Force, things you  will see.  Other places.  The  future... the past.  Old friends  long gone. Luke suddenly becomes distressed.
180) 3) dialog: (shaking his head)
180) 6) dialog: Mmm.  Friends you have there.
180) 8) dialog: It is the future you see.
180) 10) dialog: Difficult to see.  Always in  motion is the future.
180) 12) dialog: Decide you must how to serve  them best.  If you leave now,  help them you could.  But you  would destroy all for which they  have fought and suffered. Luke is stopped cold by Yoda's words.  Gloom shrouds him head sadly.
194) 0) text: In the bright lights of the fighter, Luke loads a heavy c belly of the ship.  Artoo sits on top of the X-wing, sett his cubbyhole.  Yoda stands nearby on a log.
194) 1) dialog: Luke!  You must complete the  training.
194) 3) dialog: You must not go!
194) 9) dialog: Yes, yes.  To Obi-Wan you listen. The cave.  Remember your failure  at the cave!
194) 15) dialog: Stopped they must be.  On this  all depends.  Only a fully trained  Jedi Knight with the Force as his  ally will conquer Vader and his  Emperor.  If you end your training  now, if you choose the quick and  easy path, as Vader did, you will  become an agent of evil.
194) 18) dialog: If you honor what they fight for ... yes! Luke is in great anguish.  He struggles with the dilemma, raging in his mind.
194) 23) dialog: Strong is Vader.  Mind what you  have learned.  Save you it can.
194) 25) dialog: (sighs)
194) 28) dialog: (looks up)