28) 6) dialog: (deadpan) You won't report me, will you? Andy gulps from Martha's coffee cup. We see they're good friends, who've split shifts on this ward for many moons.
28) 7) dialog: (re: shift report) Inquiring minds want to know --
29) 0) text: Martha and Andy, with the shift report. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               28.
29) 3) dialog: (electrified)
30) 3) dialog: (gently, with compassion and hope)
30) 6) dialog: I'm going to  talk to you tonight... and tomorrow  night ... and the night after that.  I'm going to keep talking to you till  you come back -- On the shelf behind his head is a framed photo of Yogi Berra, with the quote: "IT AIN'T OVER TILL IT'S OVER. Andy lifts it and sets it an the pillow beside Storm's head.
30) 7) dialog: Yogi said it ain't over till it's over. Till the fat lady sings. There's life in you, J.D., I feel it. I'll never give up on you, and you'll never give up on yourself -- She finishes working out Storm's muscles, beginning disconnecting the contact points. She stops, lifts the robe off Storm so that she can see his lower body, naked, underneath.
30) 8) dialog: Besides ... you've got so much to live for. As Andy replaces the sheet, her WRISTWATCH ALARM BEEPS a reminder. Checking the watch, she leans over and smooths Storm's sheet, touching him tenderly.
30) 9) dialog: Sorry.   I won't be long. She exits.
31) 0) text: Martha pouring herself a cup of coffee.     Andy comes in
31) 2) dialog: Still sleeping. (serious)
31) 5) dialog: (with a grin) You can have my orgasms, Martha. I'll make up for 'em later.
36) 0) text: A BUZZER sounds on a bank of monitoring equipment. Andy glances up; a light flashes on one screen. She studies the screen a moment, gives a perplexed look toward the ward --
37) 0) text: Andy enters, scanning the area, listening. She moves down the row of patients, visually checking each. She stops at Storm and checks him, too. Storm's eyes are closed; he's motionless. Andy turns, starts to exit.
37) 2) text: -- Nurse ... Andy whips around, sucking air and falling back, knocking over an IV UNIT -- which SHATTERS on the floor! She turns and sprints from the room.
39) 0) text: Andy unlocks a drawer, pulls out a laminated card from the record notice section. She picks up a phone, punches in a long series of numbers.
40) 2) dialog: My name is Andrea Simpson. I'm calling from U.C.I. Medical Center. I'd like to speak with (reads from card)
40) 5) dialog: I have a John Doe coma patient, code access 461 zebra, with instructions to notify upon any change in condition.
40) 7) dialog: (with enthusiasm) The patient has regained consciousness. Jones reacts -- puts his hand over the receiver, turns to a leather-faced plainclothesman (NOLAN) at the next desk.
41) 0) text: Storm back in bed. A knot of doctors finishes returning him from their emergency resuscitation work. "We'll leave him here for tonight, where they've got the full support setup." The team wraps up and begins to move off. The TEAM LEADER instructs Andy in Storm's immediate condition and care. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               33.
41) 3) dialog: This is U.C.I. Medical Center. You've been in a coma. Your charts go back for seven years.
41) 6) dialog: (innocent enthusiasm)
41) 10) text: -- Andy. I don't have the strength to talk much. I'm a cop. My wife ... family ... murdered. That's how I got here. If you don't get me out ... you and I ... good chance ... both be dead.
41) 11) dialog: Please -- you're in no danger here. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              34. She touches him kindly -- but Storm sees that she doesn't believe him, thinks he's paranoid.
41) 14) dialog: I'll have one of the aides take you down the hall for hydrotherapy. It'll help you relax.
41) 16) dialog: Listen... I've got work to do. You're my cutest patient, but you're not my only one. She leaves. Storm blows a sigh of frustration. His body won't do what his brain tells it! In half-paralyzed rage he struggles to move his limbs, open and close his hands
50) 5) dialog: backs   through the double doors at the other end of the hall,   trying to balance an overloaded tray of supplies she's   carrying. She and Ford are momentarily in full view   of each other ... but backs turned. Suddenly -- Ford   hears Andy! He spins ... gun ready. Andy carefully   heads   that way -- the two corpses visi ahead and the   killer   poised to waste her. But she's concentrating   on the   overloaded tray, traveling close ... closer ...   until   -- she turns off into the medici room. Ford swiftly hauls both corpses out of sight.
54) 5) dialog: My God!
56) 0) text: Andy hauls Storm's litter full tilt out   of the elevator A night janitor is waxing the floor, his   long power cor snaking down the corridor. He stares in    astonishment a this nurse racing down the corridor with   a gurney -- Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               39.
56) 2) dialog: I'm sorry!    Sorry -- She heaves the gurney, despite all its weight, past the power cord, just as:
57) 0) text: Andy blasts through the exit doors with Storm on the gurney. She hauls ass with him into the parking lot --
62) 0) text: Storm blinks his eyes   -- groggy, disoriented. He is in bed, just waking up.    Outside his window: this postcard perfect ranch scene.    Has he died and gone to heaven? H can barely absorb it:   nature, sunshine, life. Storm peers around. He is alone in a pretty room, with Western and Oriental furnishings. He's safe; someone has apparently put him to bed, seen that he's comfortable. He remembers: the nurse ... Andy. A TV is on at the foot of the bed.     Storm squints at t digital clock beside him: 4:17 PM.     Storm closes his e Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                42.
63) 0) text: Andy at the wall phone.
63) 1) dialog: (into phone) can't come in to work, are you crazy?! I can't even go to my apartment! People are dead, Martha ... no, I can't tell you where I am ... you're better off not knowing -- Mini-TV on countertop.    On TV:   a photo of Storm.   Ja Esposito reporting --
63) 2) dialog: (into phone) I am freaking A.W.O.L. I mean, what am I gonna do with this guy -- (pacing, anxious) I want to help him... my God, he needs it ... but it's all over the T.V., he's some kind of crooked cop with drugs and murder and -- CLICK. Andy turns to see Storm standing there, glowering his hand on the PHONE hang-up bar. For half a beat, Andy is frightened: unsure what this man will do. Then Storm starts to collapse. Andy rushes to him, supports him.
63) 3) dialog: It's okay -- I'm here, I'm with you.
64) 0) text: Storm on the couch, phone in hand -- Andy across from him. The day's newspapers before them... TV ON in b.g. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               44.
64) 5) dialog: (cuts him off)
66) 0) text: Storm on a different couch -- very tired. Looking terrible. Andy sits on the floor at the coffee table --a Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org             45. phone beside her, the table covered with notepads, scribbled pages.
66) 1) dialog: We'll find your friend O'Malley. We'll just keep phoning ...
66) 3) dialog: (knows he has no chance)
66) 6) dialog: Days?   Try a few weeks. Storm braces against the cane, ready to try to stand. Andy gets up, to catch him. This infuriates Storm's pride
66) 8) dialog: (deadpan) Danger is my middle name. This is no joke to Storm.
66) 10) dialog: Hey, hey -- I don't think you get the picture here. Your muscles have been getting electronic stimulation at the hospital, but it's not like actually being up and bearing weight.
66) 17) dialog: grabs his arm and helps him back onto the couch. She exits the room and comes back momentarily with a bowl of rice and begins to try to feed him. Of course he takes the fork away and tries it himself, but by now his arms are so fatigued from the previous strain that they shake, his hand trembles and he misses his mouth -- getting the rice all down his beard. Spilling a little too much to ignore and at first it looks like he's going to explode. He looks up at Andy, who looks so sad. Storm breaks out laughing and so does Andy. They howl together for a while and then settle down. Now Andy begin to "help" feed Storm.
67) 1) dialog: (next to bed) Mata Hari -- at your service. She looks at what Storm is writing: Chinese characters. Storm writes from top to bottom, straight up and down.
67) 3) dialog: No problem. This is on my list for Safeway every day.
68) 0) text: Andy's car drives up to the house, pulls into the garage.
69) 0) text: Andy enters, carrying a folder, and stares in surprise. Storm has shaved and cut his hair. She obviously approves She watches for several moments as Storm, weak but on his feet, holds on to the kitchen counter. He steps out, in wobbly balance. Not too good at first, he tries again. This time he does better, but not by much. He turns to look at Andy, conscious of her look of sympathy.
69) 2) dialog: I'll be in the other room. Storm slowly seats himself and begins to read.
72) 0) text: The nurse is Martha -- Andy's friend from the hospital. She holds a cat in her arms.
72) 2) text: I told you -- Andy's out of town. I just came by to pick up her cat.
76) 0) text: Storm performs a series of Eastern exercises: stick, Aikido, and meditation. He's obviously pushing himself beyond exhaustion; Andy watches, growing more and more concerned.
76) 1) dialog: That's enough! I don't care how many needles you stick in yourself or how much ginseng root you eat ... you have to sleep if you're going to recover.
76) 3) dialog: That's an order! Storm, dripping sweat, glowers at her for a long beat, then... relents. She snatches the stick from his hand, hauls him toward the house.
76) 4) dialog: Jesus -- what a patient!
80) 0) text: Storm with two long pieces of cut oak. As Andy watches, he lays them side-by-side on the ground and begins to dig a deep narrow hole. He tests the hole for depth. When it's deep enough, he places the boards down into the hole and begins to fill it in, packing the earth tightly. He goes to the top of the boards and around them wraps a length of old hemp rope. Around and around. The boards stand up about six feet high. Storm steps back, observes the height, taps it lightly testing the recoil tension. Now he begins to punch it, harder and harder. Over and over again. Andy, preparing his lunch, can't keep her eyes off him. She is awed by his fire and perseverance.
81) 0) text: Andy and Storm churn up the water in a splashy race. She wins but not by much. She smiles. He doesn't. She splashes water on him, but he's not in a playful mood.
82) 1) dialog: -- You can't  compare blood pressure readings now  with when you were in a coma. It's   not going to give a true measure  --
82) 3) dialog: That's crazy -- She snatches the chart, stares at it.
82) 4) dialog: It's Martha's chicken scratches. Even she can't read 'em.
83) 1) dialog: (into phone) I'm. sorry ... maybe I have the wrong number. I'm looking for Kevin O'Malley.
83) 3) dialog: My name is Phyllis O'Connor. I'm with the pension board of the Los Angeles Police Department. We have a misplaced check here for Captain O'Malley ...
83) 5) text: Well, listen... there's a big turnover here, people are dying all the time, I never know who's in what bed. Can you leave me your number? Andy glances to Storm, he shakes his head: hang up.   He hangs up his receiver in disgust.
83) 6) dialog: (into phone) I'm sorry, we're not allowed to do that. Andy hangs up.   Thinking.
84) 0) text: Andy gets out of her car in a sunny parking lot. She's wearing dark glasses and a big floppy hat, so we can bare see her face. She passes a sign: "REDONDO BEACH RETIREMEN
85) 0) text: Andy sits across from the Old Lady from the phone call. A plaque on the desk reads: "HENRIETTA WADE." Both she and Andy look frustrated, irritated.
85) 1) dialog: Mrs. Wade, I'll be honest with you -- I'm not from the police pension board. My name is Andrea Simpson, I'm a nurse from U.C.I. Medical Center. The Lady listens skeptically, revealing nothing.   We see that she is in a wheelchair.
85) 2) dialog: You probably have no connection to this, and what I'm about to say
85) 4) dialog: will sound completely absurd to you. (beat) My patient is a police officer named Mason Storm. He's in trouble and needs desperately to contact his friend, Captain O'Malley. If you have any idea how to contact Captain O'Malley, please help me.
85) 6) dialog: I can't do that. Crestfallen.   Andy gets up.
85) 7) dialog: Can I phone you?
85) 10) text: Andy opens the door, reaches in for her jacket.   Suddenl she pauses. She sees on the closet shelf, amid other clothing: policeman's cap with a gold shield. Andy makes a decision -- finds a pad on a table, scrawls a phone number. She holds out the paper.
85) 11) dialog: (pointedly) This is my number, Mrs. O'Malley. The Old Lady never bats an eye.
85) 13) dialog: Yes ... you're right.    I'm sorry.
87) 0) text: Storm has just finished a major aerobic workout and is now doing some strange martial aerobic-type movements. He is sweating profusely and is dressed in a tiny black tank top and black sweat pants. CAMERA PANS OVER TO a corner mirror and we see Andy peeki through a crack in the door. She is enjoying this immensely. She seems to be fighting her feelings, and finally she puffs up her courage. Having made some decision, she enters.
87) 1) dialog: Oh, I'm sorry ... I didn't mean to interrupt. I, ah, well, I was just passing by and ... They stare at each other in   quite a different way. This time it's obvious what Andy   wants, and Storm probably wants the same thing. But    he tries very hard to mainta his "one objective" in life   -- to get very strong and w the upcoming battle. He looks at this woman who now 'Looks more beautiful than anyone he has ever seen. Storm throws down the light weights in his hands and walks up to her. He gently grabs the back of her head and pulls her hair back and kisses her on the mouth. She seems to explode with passion as she falls to the floor, pulling him on top of her. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               57. They roll in passion growing stronger and stronger. The CAMERA PANS TO the mirror and we see Andy's feet moving in delight.
88) 2) dialog: appears in the doorway, returning from the kitchen with a tray and glasses. She wears a robe and has that mussed, after-lovemaking glow. She takes one look at Storm and her heart sinks. She crosses to him -- lowers herself gracefully to kneel beside him, setting down the tray and glasses.
88) 10) text: Why am I still in this fucking cage?! What's wrong with my body? Why won't it heal faster?!! He slams another furious punch.     Andy gets up, tries t approach Storm.
88) 11) dialog: Mason, please (wants to ease his pain)
88) 14) dialog: Why not?!
88) 18) dialog: (defiant) Yeah, I knew. What of it? I wanted you --
88) 20) dialog: Then who does?!     I've risked my life for you --
88) 22) dialog: You haven't stopped me!
89) 0) text: Andy's CAR ROARS out the dirt drive past the iron gate.
94) 0) text: Ethnic neighborhood, Dodger Stadium visible in b.g. Andy looks exhausted, from a night of black coffee and anxiety. Now: frustrated by a BUSY SIGNAL.
94) 1) dialog: (into phone) Pick up, Martha ... Pick up. No luck. Andy hangs up.
95) 0) text: Andy's car pulls past tiered hillside apartment units, enters an alley behind a row of multi-family dwellings. Andy at the wheel:   cautious, peering around. She parks in an out-of-sight spot, TURNS OFF the ENGINE.
96) 1) dialog: Get a hold of yourself, Andy. She wipes her eyes, cranks the mirror around, tries to fix her face. She looks like hell.
96) 2) dialog: (into mirror, sarcastic)
98) 0) text: Andy pads quickly up to a weathered wooden door, knocks. No answer. She rings the BELL. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org            61.
98) 1) dialog: (calling out) Martha! Martha, it's me -- A NEIGHBOR sticks his head out next-door. A rough-looking youth in a T-shirt, with his hair mussed up from bed.
98) 3) dialog: Yes... yes -- do you know if she's home? The boy gets a funny look on his face.
100) 6) text: Then that was your mother.   The one Andy found.
101) 0) text: Andy's car drives north, back to the Armstead house. Ford in his car keeps a discreet distance back.
105) 0) text: Storm poised inside the front door -- .45 in hand.   In walks ... Andy! She nearly faints at the sight of the pistol leveled between her eyes. Storm instantly jerks the weapon back. They stand there staring at each other.
105) 1) dialog: Martha's dead. Storm takes Andy in his arms. She weeps, sobbing. Feeling all the tension and terror of the past days -- yet someho knowing she's safe in the arms of this man she loves.
105) 2) dialog: I won't leave you. Not ever again.
105) 5) dialog: Here?   How did you find him?
105) 7) text: And Andy ... my son's alive. Andy raises her face to Storm's, her eyes welling with emotion. He kisses her. They are standing there, just inside the front door, which has a wood bottom-half and a frosted-glass top-half. Suddenly: Storm jerks Andy sideways into the room with all his strength! He dives with her as - Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               68. The TOP of the FRONT DOOR EXPLODES inward in a SHOWER of flying GLASS! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! Three more point-blank SHOTOGUN BLASTS BLOW the rest of the DOOR to hell.
110) 0) text: Storm swings down to the ground. Andy leaps into his arms, he breaks her fall and helps her alight safely. He reaches to Ford in the fountain, rips the mask off his face. He recognizes the man.
112) 6) dialog: Are you crazy?!     Get us outa here -- Holland and the driver are out of their car, guns drawn. Ford races up, reinforcing them. He has an assault rifle
117) 1) dialog: What the hell are you doing?!
117) 3) dialog: There are no cops here!
118) 0) text: Andy making Storm put the gun away.
118) 1) dialog: Goddamit ... for once, do something the non-violent way! Storm is reacting to the sight of his old home -- the first time he's seen it since the slaughter seven years ago. He struggles with his pain and rage. Andy, aware of his turmoil, takes his hand. Her hair is done up in a businesslike style; she wears a jacket and carries a briefcase. They cross to the front door --
119) 0) text: A pleasant, chatty (and very pregnant) HOUSEWIFE speaks through the open door to Storm and Andy. Sounds of HAMMERING, ETC. in other rooms O.S.
119) 2) dialog: Oh, that's the best time for us to see it! Then when you do come to sell, our office will know the upgrades you've made and we can market your home more effectively. Two plasterers troop past, a carpenter with them.
120) 8) dialog: (re: people staring)
120) 11) text: Tell O'Mal to leave a message for us at the hotel desk. Leave it for Andy ... Andrea Smith. We're not gonna check in, it's too dangerous -- but the desk will hold the message if you tell them we're coming in this afternoon. Got it? Great. You're a champ, Mrs. '0.' Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               76. Storm hangs up, peering around uneasily -- takes Andy by the elbow...
125) 0) text: Storm's JEEP BRAKES HARD at a stoplight, next to four bad looking LATINO YOUTHS in a ragged Camaro. The dudes check Andy out lasciviously.
126) 2) dialog: (checking watch, nervous)
126) 6) text: If you hear any lions roaring, haul ass. Andy looks at him with fearful concern.
127) 0) text: A lion.   Elephants.   Kids chomping candy apples.    Etc
137) 1) dialog: Is that a steering wheel -- or a Winchell's donut? Storm has no time for humor -- he twists the wheel, flooring the accelerator.
143) 0) text: Storm's Camaro pulls and parks.   Storm and Andy, very wary, step out.
144) 0) text: Andy enters first, Storm half a step behind her like a bodyguard. His eyes move everywhere --
144) 4) dialog: Sonny got away! He's with O'Malley! O'Malley's gat the tape -- they're heading for Union Station. Storm:. ecstatic.    He grabs Andy, ready to exit.   Sudd he freezes --
145) 0) text: Storm dumps his "battering ram body" and he and Andy spri toward the valet booth at the main entrance of the hotel, where numerous cars are coining and going.
150) 2) text: You don't deserve to wear your badge. with his last failing strength, O'Malley raises the tire iron. Nolan PUMPS him once, square in the chest, killing him. Sonny screams and flees in fear for his life. Nolan races after him. Between the maze of parked cars. Sonny, dodging, in between the endless rows. Meanwhile a small crowd has gathered around the mortally wounded O'Malley. Suddenly, O.S. we hear the SCREECHING of TIRES. The crowd reacts as the Gullwing blasts into the lot, ROARING straight toward Nolan and the terrorized Sonny. Finally, unable to get any closer, Storm leaps out of the Gullwing onto the hood of a car and races across the rooftops of one vehicle after another, closing in on Nolan and Sonny. Andy stops in horror beside the deathly stricken O'Malley
150) 9) dialog: watching them.   Touched deeply. Then: O.S. SIRENS!
152) 0) text: Andy and Sonny topple into the back seat.    The DRIVER picks up on all the frenzy.
152) 2) dialog: That's a good question.   Out of here for sure.
152) 3) dialog: turns with Sonny to see Storm, through the back window of the cab, looking after them protective -- full of emotion
152) 5) dialog: thinks for a moment. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org             94.
152) 6) dialog: It's a long story. You got a few minutes?
158) 1) text: Now we see them fully: the colors, the feeling, the emoti of caring men marching in the funeral parade of a fallen comrade. CAMERA PAN'S OVER to reveal a section of mourners -- most police but with some civilians. The CAMERA MOVES CLOSER and PANS TO the front row, where we see Storm in full police regalia, a medal of valor around his neck. Andy and Sonny are standing near at sober attention. The procession stops and the lone bagpiper continues to play the dirge as he walks up and takes his position on a section of lawn. The pallbearers remove the flag from the casket and present it to the Chief of Police, who now slowly approaches the group of mourners and stops directl in front of Sonny Storm. He presents the flag and salutes Sonny. The lone bagpiper stops and an officer on TRUMPET begins playing "Taps." The coffin is slowly lowered.
158) 11) dialog: It takes a beat before she realizes what it is. Then: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               102.
158) 12) dialog: Hey ... Seven year Storm! (indicates TV)
158) 16) dialog: (laughing)