1) 2) dialog: (calls back to house)
1) 6) text: Your father has work to do, Sonny ... but he'll be home soon. And we'll all watch it together.
1) 7) dialog: You promise, Dad?
1) 9) dialog: Daddy ... (very serious)
1) 14) dialog: Daddy (wants him to stay)
1) 15) text: What about my joke? Storm lifts Sonny up into his arms. He gives the boy 100% of his attention, speaks just for him.
1) 17) dialog: Who's there?
1) 19) dialog: Old lady who?
9) 6) text: Horror. Sex. Freaks. Violence. And I ain't gotta pay no four bucks. Storm pulls a bottle from the cooler. He notices, on a high shelf, a big stuffed toy. Something for Sonny. Storm stretches up, grabs it. Suddenly: He notices something in the big convex shoplifting mirror Something approaching from outside.
16) 4) dialog: Is that for me, Dad? Storm stops, toy in hand --
16) 6) dialog: E.T. lost. Storm knows E.T. is not just a movie character to Sonny; he's a real person.
16) 8) dialog: I dunno.   Candy.
16) 12) dialog: Why?
16) 14) dialog: (cheered by this)
16) 17) dialog: Yeah. Storm starts to rise.
16) 18) dialog: (wants him to stay)
16) 21) text: One joke a day. I have to make 'em last. Already Sonny is most of the way back to sleep.   Storm kisses his forehead --
90) 0) text: Storm stalks in, slamming the door behind him -- crosses in fury and despair to the desk. On the desktop: the news photo of Felicia, Sonny and himself. Storm stares at the photo in agony for a moment, then rips the desk drawer open, rummages fiercely. He finds: keys!
132) 0) text: A mesh-enclosed space above the main dynamo     room. Deafening DIN of TURBINE GENERATORS below.      A bulb illuminates Sonny sitting rigidly on a metal     chair. N a cop we saw earlier in the film, and TURNER     (whom we haven't seen before) play cards, making sure     Sonny go nowhere.
132) 2) dialog: I'm remembering both of you.    And when my dad gets here --
134) 0) text: Sonny shins down a pipe as niftily as a spider monkey!
135) 0) text: Sonny scampers across the darkened lot, heading for the traffic and headlights on the PCH. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                84.
136) 0) text: A cab pulls into the curb outside Mrs. O'Malley's place, Sonny springs out. We see the cabbie shouting after him - and Sonny arguing, gesturing toward the nursing home. Mrs. O'Malley emerges from the nursing home wheelchair. Sonny rushes to her ... they embrace joyfully. O'Malley comes out too, more cautiously than his mother. He is armed. He also hurries to Sonny, hugs him tight.
136) 1) dialog: Malley!
147) 0) text: 0'Malley scans the monitor above the ticket seller's window. The 11:10 to Albuquerque leaves on track 12. The waiting area is quiet at this time of night except for a few travelers and stragglers. Sonny Storm, quiet and apprehensive, focuses on tearing open the packet of mustard for his hot dog. He sits on top of a battered suitcase. O'Malley returns with the tickets and sits next to Sonny on a bench.
147) 2) dialog: Quit it, will you ...    you're making me more nervous than    I am already. My father's going to    be more interested in seeing    the real me. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              89. Nevertheless O'Malley tries to comb Sonny's hair.   Sonny pushes the comb aside.
147) 4) dialog: My dad'll get 'em. You guys'll nail them all. (beat, thoughtful; then)
147) 7) dialog: Let me see the tickets. Did you get us one of those sleeping cars? What time is he getting here anyway?
148) 0) text: Sonny has made his way into the parking area, amidst doze of cars, but he has stopped -- looking back fearfully, worried about O'Malley. O'Malley bursts from the exit.
148) 2) text: Go!   Sonny -- get outta here! In front of the station, a cab is jacked up; the driver replacing a flat. O'Malley starts to run toward Sonny past the cab, when suddenly: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                  9 He is SHOT in the back by Nolan! His lurching bulk crashe into cab, knocking it off its jack to the ground. The tire iron (that's used as a jack handle) springs loose, onto the ground near O'Malley. Seeing the gunmen, Sonny in horror crawls under a car. The cab driver flees for  his life. O'Malley      spins b draws and tries to fire  at the oncoming Nolan     and Tu but he is SHOT TWICE in  the stomach. Turner      kicks O in the hand, sending the  gun flying off under     the ca
148) 5) dialog: Fuck you, Jack! Turner aims his gun.   Suddenly: His head turns to squash as: a bloody O'Malley stands over him, bashing him with a tire iron! A crowd of bystanders scream in horror at this horrendous sight.
150) 0) text: Nolan comes around the end of the car, sees O'Malley -- standing over the dead Turner with a tire iron in his hand. It is clear  O'Malley is about to die. But still he staggers toward Nolan, raising the tire iron. Nolan, gun in hand, watches incredulously. O'Malley staggers another step. Sonny has crawled out from under the car; he sees this. O'Malley staggers another step. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org             92.
150) 2) text: You don't deserve to wear your badge. with his last failing strength, O'Malley raises the tire iron. Nolan PUMPS him once, square in the chest, killing him. Sonny screams and flees in fear for his life. Nolan races after him. Between the maze of parked cars. Sonny, dodging, in between the endless rows. Meanwhile a small crowd has gathered around the mortally wounded O'Malley. Suddenly, O.S. we hear the SCREECHING of TIRES. The crowd reacts as the Gullwing blasts into the lot, ROARING straight toward Nolan and the terrorized Sonny. Finally, unable to get any closer, Storm leaps out of the Gullwing onto the hood of a car and races across the rooftops of one vehicle after another, closing in on Nolan and Sonny. Andy stops in horror beside the deathly stricken O'Malley
150) 6) dialog: stops. Gasping, breathless -- seeing the father he hasn't seen in seven years.
152) 0) text: Andy and Sonny topple into the back seat.    The DRIVER picks up on all the frenzy.
152) 4) dialog: (to Andy) Where are we going? Who are you?
158) 1) text: Now we see them fully: the colors, the feeling, the emoti of caring men marching in the funeral parade of a fallen comrade. CAMERA PAN'S OVER to reveal a section of mourners -- most police but with some civilians. The CAMERA MOVES CLOSER and PANS TO the front row, where we see Storm in full police regalia, a medal of valor around his neck. Andy and Sonny are standing near at sober attention. The procession stops and the lone bagpiper continues to play the dirge as he walks up and takes his position on a section of lawn. The pallbearers remove the flag from the casket and present it to the Chief of Police, who now slowly approaches the group of mourners and stops directl in front of Sonny Storm. He presents the flag and salutes Sonny. The lone bagpiper stops and an officer on TRUMPET begins playing "Taps." The coffin is slowly lowered.
158) 21) dialog: Who's there? Storm glances to Andy, pulling her tighter to him. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               103.
158) 23) dialog: Boo who?