5) 6) dialog: I don't understand. JEFFREY FRIEDMAN, a twenty-eight year old detective, jump up from his kesk and hurries toward Axel. If Jeffrey wasn a friend, Axel probably would have shot him long ago. He' a classic nudge and he never stops talking.
5) 8) dialog: Todd's been looking for you all day. He's really pissed. Says this is your worst fuck-up yet. But I think he's being unfair. Axel glances toward a glassed-in office at the far end of the room. It's empty.
5) 9) dialog: He is not in.
5) 11) dialog: I bet if you busted these guys, he wouldn't be so mad. But I heard you got caught up haggling about the price or something.
5) 13) dialog: Todd's gonna drill you a new asshole. .
5) 15) dialog: I'm not saying you did anything wrong I'm just asying it would have been nice if you had made the bust. (CONTINUED)
5) 18) dialog: Hey, Axel! Where're
5) 21) dialog: gets back. Big mistake. I wouldn't do that, Axel. Todd's really ticked off this time.
5) 23) dialog: Can I tell you what
6) 0) text: Jeffrey follows Axel into a big old combination locker room/bathroom, which is filled with half-naked cops. The cops applaud.”
6) 3) dialog: (explaining) They all heard about you and the truck, Axel,
6) 5) dialog: I hate it when you do that, Tt's childish. 46
6) 11) dialog: That's Todd. He still sounds angry. INSPECTOR TODD, a no-nonsense black man of forty~five wit hints of grey at the temples, strides through the locker room towards Axel. Jeffrey slides away from Axel. Todd storms right up to Axel.
6) 25) dialog: If you had listened to me in the first place.
11) 2) text: AXEL'S BUILDING - NIGHT 54x A fair sixed crowd of silent onlookers, almost ali black, stand behind the police barricades set up around Axel's pbuilding. Uniformed policemen stand around in front of the barricades, bored. Seven unmarked and marked Detroit police cars and two wagons from the medical examiner's office are parked out front, their revolving red and amber lights splaying on the buildings on both sides of hte street. Axel sits on the stoop of the building, staring straight ahead. His friend Jeffrey, pale and subdued, comes out of the buildi and sits down beside Axel.
11) 5) dialog: You can stay at my place. SGT LOU RAND, comes out of the building and walks down the steps. He ignores Jeffrey but can't resist a snide comment to Axel.
11) 8) dialog: He's an asshole. Don't worry about him,
11) 10) dialog: Yeah, That's true.
11) 12) dialog: They could've done worse. Just an expression. Todd is right behind them talking to some policemen. (CONTINUED)