24) 16) dialog: Faggart!
24) 30) dialog: Do you wish to charge this officer with assault?
24) 32) dialog: In Beverly Hilis we go atrictly by the book. Why didn't you check in with us when you came to town?
24) 34) dialog: If you're on vacation, what business did you have at Victor Maitland's office?
24) 36) dialog: -You always take your gun on vacation?
24) 38) dialog: Then if you want to carry a gun I suggest you go back there. (CONTINUED)
24) 44) dialog: Is that s0? I just got off the phone with an Inspector Todd, that name fing a bell? slightly hearing the name,
24) 48) dialog: Inspector Todd gave me a message for you. Want to hear it?
24) 50) dialog: He says that if you've come out here to investigate the Tandino murder, then you shouldn't bother coming back. He tells me that if we inform him that you are investigating the case he'll have you brought up on charges and fired,
24) 52) dialog: And the gun? (CONTINUED)
24) 57) dialog: Not in Beverly gills, Now one last time. What are you doing here?
24) 59) dialog: {finishing for him) “~ vacation. You're going to stick to this story?
24) 61) dialog: Rosewood, take Mr. Poley over to the Courthouse and let him arrange for bail.
24) 64) dialog: I want you to set up a 24 hour tail on him, I want you to handle it ~ personally. Don't let him spot you you can help it, but don't lose him. I want to know where he goes and who he sees.
54) 3) dialog: This is getting very irritating. None of us are getting any sleep because of you.
54) 5) dialog: Why are you bothering Victor Maitland?
54) 7) dialog: Forget what you can prove. Talk to me.
54) 23) dialog: Well, T'm sorry Detective Foley. I'd like to help you. If you found drugs that would be one thing, but if your only evidence is coffee grounds we don't have enough to get a search warrant,
54) 25) dialog: We don't “get around" search warrants in Beverly Hills.
54) 36) dialog: Yes, sir.
54) 40) dialog: Yes, sir. Bogomil hurries out. Axel looks at the three other Beverl Hills cops.
54) 45) dialog: Rosewood, take Detective Poley back to his hotel, watch him pack, and escort him to the city limits. When you get there you can give him his gun back, {to Axel) The two charges of disturbing the peace against you have just been dropped by order of the Chief. But he says if you come hack inte the city of Beverly Hills the charges will be reinstated and you will be prosecuted te the limit of the law.
54) 47) dialog: What is it? (CONTINUED)
54) 51) dialog: You want to tell it to the Chief?
54) 53) dialog: Then, I'd advise you to get moving,
54) 56) dialog: I'm afraid so.
54) 58) dialog: You're a new experience for us, too.
72) 6) dialog: Where is everybody? Is Rosewood back? Ownby, have you seen Taggart?
72) 8) dialog: thanks. Bogomil walks over to the dispatcher's console. INT. THE MAITLAND MANSION ~~ SECURITY ROOM ~~ DAY 275B xx Maitland and zack are looking at the frozen image of Axel on one of the IV monitors,
73) 3) dialog: Try Taggart and Rosewood again, Try Foster and McCabe too,
73) 8) dialog: (quietly) Qwenby, I want you and Hopkins to draw rifles and wait for me out in your car, Have the engine running. Owenby knows better than to ask questions.
75) 2) dialog: Put it out as a 10-13, officer needs assistance, shots fired. Undercovers' on scene,
76) 0) text: Two Beverly Hills police cars cross Sunset in a flash, sirens howling. EXT. BEVERLY HILLS POLICE DEPT. —~ DAY 294 Lt. Bogomil sprints out of the department's “officer only entrance toward an unmarked car; in it, Detectives Ownby and Hopkins are waiting with engine running, rear door open, The detectives are carrying rifles as ordered. Bogomil jumps in the back seat.
87) 1) dialog: Oh, shit. Come on. * He hops out of the car and leads them, sprinting, for the house, INT. THE MAITLAND MANSION ~~ STAIRWAY ~~ DAY 309D xx Axel is walking up the stairway, hugging close to the wal his shoulder wound leaves a smear of blood on the white paint. Alerted by a noise he drops down; a spray of bullets slam into the wall over his head, ZACK 309E xx is on tHe balcony opposite, holding an automatic weapon. AXEL SO9F xx braces his gun between two railings of the banister and fires back. ZACK 309G xx catches the bullets in the chest. He topples over the balcony. 310 5/14/84 120A. EXT. MAITLAND ESTATE ~- TERRACE -—~ DAY 310 Taggart and Rosewood are now joined by shotgun bearing uniformed OFFICERS. Two of Maitland's thugs are wounded; the others look around, ready to run, but where can they go?
87) 10) dialog: Preezel Bogomil, with _ ta at the other end of the hall; Axel ia between them and Maitland and Axel can't te if Bogomil’s command was meant for him or Maitland.
88) 20) dialog: (hurrying up) Don't you want to hear my report, first?
88) 28) dialog: Well, sir, Miss Jeanette Summers, the manager of Mr. Maitland's art gallery, accidentally discovered large quantities of a substance she suspected was cocaine in the Art Gallery's warehouse. She immediately communicated her discovery te Detective Axel . Foley of the Detroit Police force? (he takes a breath) Detective Foley was at the time cooperating in a joint Beverly Hills/Detroit investigation of narcotics trafficking. Hubbard's eyebrows shoot up, but he doesn't say anything.
88) 29) dialog: (continuing) Detectives Foley and Rosewood responding to Miss Summer’s report proceeded to the warehouse where Resewood did in fact discover approximately eighty kilos of cocaine. Hubbard's eyes shoot to Rosewood who is nervous and has no idea where this wild tale is going. LT. BOGOMIL . (continuing) At that point Maitland arrived and a gunfight ensued, during which Miss Summers was abducted by Maitland. Rosewood immediately called for backup and I dispatched our officers ta this location. Sgt. Taggert here was first to arrive at the scene. (CONTINUED)
88) 32) dialog: (continuing) Believing that Miss Summers was in danger and having probable cause to believe a felony was in progress, Sergeant Taggart joined Rosewood with Detective Foley present as an observer and proceeded to enter the grounds. At this point a person or persons on the property assaulted and attempted to kill the officers by firing on them. The officers returned fire and in the course of lawfully defending themselves the officers shot several suspects, including Mr. Maitland.
88) 34) dialog: That's the report I'm filing, sir. Hubbard looks at Bogomil. Bogomil's eyes hold CHief Hubba for a long moment. Chief Hubbard's expression isn't readable. He turns to Taggart.