0) 124) text: Indeed, he places the beaker under the faucet and opens t spigot. Out rushes clean, pure H20!! He's reversed the excretion process, turned urine into water!!! As he puts the beaker to his mouth and swigs it back in o gulp, WE SEE his face for the first time -- rugged, weatherbeaten. No sentimentality here. This is MORGAN, a drifter in his early 40's. Morgan puts down the beaker and raises a pair of binocula his eyes. BINOCULAR POV. A faint column of smoke rising several miles away on the horizon. His destination. WIDE SHOT. WE SEE his vessel. A river-barge modified to fly a sail. cannons on either side, a rack of weapons, strands of kel drying on shelves, barrels of water. The boat's name is f barely legible -- the “Miranda.” WE NOTICE something biza pacing on the deck -- a magnificent white stallion!! In the distance, the burning wreckage appears closer, but not distinct. Morgan adjusts his rudder slightly, trims h sail. Morgan moves to the center of the deck where a seri oil drums are strapped together. INSERT - THE BARRELS. They are labeled "H20." Morgan opens the lid of one but i of water, it's packed full of dynamite. There's a jerry-r trigger -- a wire filament attached to a flint striker. M secures it to the lid and gingerly closes the barrel. It' booby-trap. ON MORGAN . Satisfied, he grabs a speargun and an oxygen cannister fr locker. He takes another look with the binoculars. POV. Burning wreckage of a flotilla. The aftermath of battle. PANS south, checking the horizon... Whoah. What’s that? A small motor-sailer bearing down on his opportunity! It's another drifter, also looking to scavenge from the wrecka
0) 152) dialog: Any...thing... Morgan looks at him for a moment.
0) 154) dialog: Please...
0) 157) dialog: Oil...trail... Morgan looks where he pointed. Sure enough, there's a nar slick of oil receding into the distance. One of the pirat boats must have been leaking. Morgan turms back to the dr
0) 253) dialog: I think so, yes.. Your Lordship. Uh... respectfully... a little something for my services. A pour-boire...