0) 5) dialog: I made a kelp salad.
0) 9) dialog: It's good for you.
0) 11) dialog: Have you been eating those barnacles again? Those are for later. Come on, dolphin. Enola makes a face and climbs up the rope ladder with her of barmacies. Helen has set the table under a canopy with shells and other scavenged china. She dries off Enola wit towel and begins to oil her body with whale blubber. Enol squirming and fidgeting.
0) 12) dialog: Stop that. Do you want to turn red like a lobster? Helen takes some flesh colored-powder from a small urn an it with the 011, making a paste. She begins to apply the to Enola's left shoulder, concealing a a small-round tatt is crescent-shaped with a triangular nick in the concave
0) 14) dialog: So does every trader that ever drifted past us. I don't want you looking different from any other kid. Besides, it keeps it from fading.
0) 16) dialog: Someday you'll remember... Just then, Enola notices something bounce over the rail o deck -- is that a flying fish? No, wait... it's walking o her. Her jaw drops, eyes go wide.
0) 18) dialog: Oh, my God. It can't be... They move over towards the bird which COOS nervously and away. Helen reaches out smoothly and picks it up.
0) 21) dialog: Do you remember ever seeing one?
0) 24) dialog: Let's go. AERIAL ANGLE. A panoramic overview. WE SEE MEN and WOMEN of “Oasis” scrambling into a well-rehearsed routine. Helen and Enola up-and-down across the planks that connect the boats towa central platform where many PEOPLE are gathering. A MAN i passing out weapons. ANOTHER is rounding up the CHILDREN. THE PLATFORM. Helen approaches a tough-looking woman with short spiked This is ANGEL, her sister. Helen holds up the bird.
0) 27) dialog: It's called a bird.
0) 32) dialog: Don’t say that! We have to win, that's all. We can't let them find it before us! How many times have we rehearsed for this? We're gonna give them the fight of their lives...
0) 34) dialog: That's right. We're tough... (holds up the bird) And now we have some extra incentive!! Everybody CHEERS, waving their guns and makeshift weapons
0) 50) dialog: Take the bird too. I don't want them to find it. Helen grabs an oxygen cannister and checks the valve. She it in the barrel with Enola.
0) 51) dialog: It's set so you have air for an hour. Don't touch the valve. If you overpressurize, they might see the bubbles.
0) 53) dialog: Go on, dolphin. Be brave. She reaches inside a pouch and pulls out two circular gla pendants. Clear crystal medallions, protected in leather sleeves. Helen hands the smaller one to Enola.
0) 54) dialog: Remember these? Our lucky amulets. As long as we wear them, we'll never be separated, right?
0) 66) dialog: Come on, you bastards... AERIAL ANGLE. The pirate vessels surround “Oasis" and ALL HELL BREAKS L The "ARTILLERY" mortars bombard the flotilla with cover s “SURFERS* peel off from the cigarette boats and BLAST thr the smoke, FIRING at everything in sight!!
0) 72) text: ..-Helen starts to get back to her feet, but doesn't noti behind her... ...A LARGE PIRATE CLOSING INI!! It's Carlos. Ina flash, h grabs her by the arm and whips a large scythe around her Helen instinctively resists but he presses the blade agai flesh, drawing a trickle of blood...
0) 98) text: Suddenly, a BODY moves right in front of us! It’s Helen, “playing dead.“ Directly before her nose, a stream of bub is frothing up to the surface. She sneaks a glance around makes a sudden decision. Holding her breath, diving... UNDERWATER. Helen follows the nylon cord down to the barrel. She BANG signal om the lid. Then, works to remove the latches. The first one opens. But the other two are stuck... rusted... INSIDE THE BARREL. Enola gasps for breath. She's suffocating... water begins seeping in through the crack, filling the up the drum... ON THE PLATFORM. BLAMMM!!! Carlos has BLASTED away half of Simon’s head wi pistol. Point blank. :
0) 183) text: Morgan spins around trying to free himself with centrifug acceleration. His face is turning red with the build-up o pressure. Helen BASHES against the sides of the the cabin they turn. An avalanche of fishing rods spill off a rack, nautical instruments are flying everywhere. The horse begins to shake its head and rear, slicing the with its hoofs. It kicks Morgan's arm, sending his knife flying. It lands inches from Enola's nose as she climbs o her hiding place... Helen is still choking Morgan with both hands. The spearg FIRES, slamming a bolt into the starboard wall. Enola loo around for a weapon. Helen can't hold on any longer. Stil weak from the pirate wound, she releases. Slumps to the g
0) 198) dialog: (weakly) Yes... Morgan thinks for a moment.
0) 202) dialog: I'm fine. The salt water cauterized it. Morgan leans in the doorway and calls in to Enola.
0) 204) dialog: Go on, dolphin. Everything will be O.X. We still have our lucky amlets. The glass pendants still hang from their necks. CcuT TO: THE DECK. DAY. Enola is strapped up to the top of the mast as a “lookout Morgan calls up to her from below.
0) 216) dialog: Come down, quick. He's a killer!
0) 223) dialog: Hold it right there! Morgan narrows his eyes. Just then, the entire boat jerks one side. Morgan races back towards the stern.
0) 225) dialog: I don't know. Quick... Helen lowers her down. The boat continues to shake... THE STERN. Morgan is fighting what mist be a mammoth shark. The line from side to side, back and forth. Morgan cleats it to th paddle-wheel. He and the horse begin to reel it in. Helen Enola come peeking around the corner, watching him... He turns, netices them. Morgan tosses Helen the speargun.
0) 235) dialog: (cautious) Thanks for sharing your catch.
0) 238) dialog: Enola, come back here and finish your dinner! Can you get her, please?
0) 240) dialog: You have kids?
0) 242) dialog: Was she your wife? Miranda... Morgan turmcss to face her.
0) 247) dialog: Sorry.
0) 249) dialog: Enola never had a father. I adopted her.
0) 269) dialog: I don't understand... you're just going to toss us in the ocean? Morgan's eyes look possessed.
0) 271) dialog: We wouldn't stand a chance out there.
0) 274) dialog: What about you? You're going down with the ship.
0) 286) text: The horse WHINNIES in agony. It begins to buck and flail against its straps. CLOSE ON STRAPS -- The webbing is old. One edge begins to ripping... Enola is directly in line with the horse. She takes her g pendant off and holds it in both hands tight against her The horse is thrashing in the background. Suddenly, the s ripti! The horse comes crashing across the cabin, directl towards Enola... she will be crushed!!! At the last instant, the cabin shifts in the opposite dir sending the horse sidestepping away from her... It SLAMS into another wall, ripping open several lockers. Objects spill out and bounce around the cabin floor. Morgan unties himself to secure the horse. Enola ioosens straps wisely as the cabin shifts again. The horse is com back... LOOK QUTI!! Enola dives off her berth a nanosecond before the horse S against it, crushing the planks like egg shelis... Enola is on all fours. She's lost her pendant. Objects ar flying back and forth through the air. Helen SCREAMS abov bediam.
0) 287) dialog: Get back to your berth!! But Enola has spotted her pendant on the opposite side of cabin floor. She's crawling for it. The horse stumbles by epileptically, stomping inches from Enola's hand. OUTSIDE. The mast is whipping back and forth with the relentless w It bows at at unimaginable angle and SNAPS suddenly, SMAS into the cabin... INSIDE. The mast comes CRASHING through the cabin boards, gorging window-sized hole in the starboard wall. Morgan has manag get the horse and himself strapped down... But now Exola's pendant slides across the floor towards t in the starboard side. She starts to move for it.
0) 288) dialog: (screaming) No, Enolai! Get back here!! Emola is determined to retrieve her glass amulet. It's sl towards her now. She reaches. Inches from her fingers... Now the boat rolls the other way and the pendant slides b towards the hole in the wall...
0) 292) dialog: Enola!! Don'tt! Helen loosens her straps. She starts to sit up, but wince pain. Her belly wound is still raw... She hesitates. The room rolls again and Enocla's pendant slides outside. leans out to reach for it. Suddenly, a flood of water swe past and sucks Enola outside...
0) 293) dialog: 
0) 308) dialog: we lost him.
0) 310) dialog: We'll all drown that way... Enola becomes HYSTERICAL.
0) 311) dialog: Stop it! There's nothing we can do! Helen opens the door to the bridge cabin and guides Enola inside, as she continues to struggle. IN THE BRIDGE. Enola is in shock, SCREAMING and flailing her arms. Helen forces her onto the berth, starts tieing her down.
0) 313) dialog: Quiet, Enola!
0) 316) text: Helen cups her hand over Enola's mouth. Enola seams to be trying to say something, gesturing with her arm. Helen gr the arm and ties it down, ignoring her pleas. ENOLA'S POV. She can see a hand, struggling to claw it's way onto a pu through the starboard hole... OUTSIDE. Morgan is dangling from one arm off the starboard side of hull. Waves crash against him, challenging his grip...
0) 322) dialog: You can have mine, dolphin. It's just as lucky. Helen takes the amulet from around her neck and gives it Enola who looks at it dubiously.
0) 328) dialog: She's still upset...
0) 331) dialog: Don't ever touch her like that again!
0) 333) dialog: You're just a little pirate, aren't you? Morgan raises his arm to hit her, but restrains himself. Enola has stopped crying but now is looking at Morgan wit terror in her eyes. Who is this man? Morgan stares back a her. CLOSE -- ENCLA'S EYES. Full of suspicion. MORGAN'S EYES. Going withirc. Remembering... HIS SON'S EYES. Blue and green, smiling back at him. ON MORGAN. He softens. Impulsively, Morgan picks Enola up in his arm marches her outside. Helen moves to intercept him, but wi with pain, clutching her bandaged wound.
0) 367) dialog: I told you never to tell that to atrangers!! Never!! Are you crazy??
0) 371) dialog: I'm feeling better. I thought maybe you wanted company. Morgan looks at her. Company?
0) 372) dialog: I never had a chance to thank you for saving her.
0) 374) dialog: (hopeful) What are you thinking about?
0) 376) dialog: My grandfather used to tell the stories about the Great Thaw. As the water rose, the animals went higher and higher, until there was no place left but the stars. I used to know all their names.
0) 380) dialog: Leo... that's one. He was the strongest... Helen studies Morgan's horse for a moment.
0) 381) dialog: You're animal... God, it's been so jong. Tau... Taurus. No wait. Pegasus. That's it. He's a Pegasus.
0) 383) dialog: Yes. She likes you too. A beat. They stare at each other. It hangs there for a mo then Morgan looks down at his charts. Helen sighs. Morgan frowns.
0) 384) dialog: I want to go with you.
0) 386) dialog: Find those pirates.
0) 387) dialog: They took prisoners when they attacked us, Women and young boys. My sister's there.
0) 389) dialog: Revenge. That's all you care about?
0) 391) dialog: That make you just like them. CoT TO: A PERISCOPE POV. MORNING. Cross-hairs and scale markings. - PANNING across the ocea Flat, blue horizon for 75°. Then a barge. A green flag is flapping from its mast. It’s the “Miranda.”
0) 408) dialog: They want to eat it... Enola reacts in disgust. Wanda turns back with their deci
0) 425) dialog: I guess I was right about you.
0) 428) dialog: Listen. You know what Enola said about her tattoo? It's true. We're going to get to Water's End. I'll cut you in.
0) 431) text: Fatty grabs Helen by the arm.
0) 432) dialog: Get your hands offa me, jumbo!! Helen glares at Morgan.
0) 437) dialog: I'm warning you, hippo!! You touch me, you’re sashimi. Fatty withdraws GRUNTING obscenities under his breath. CuT To: 43. THE “MIRANDA”. DAY. Morgan has returned his barge to a semblance of order. He busy at the stern hauling in the kelp-trawling nets. Pull the dripping strands of kelp into a big pile. Then, he notices something shiny caught in the rope netti reaches for it... Enola's amulet!!! Morgan holds it up in the sun. He stares at the glass len disbelief. Gazes out towards the empty horizon. Looks bac the lens. Pensive... As if on cue, the horse trots up to him. They stare at ea other like lonely bachelors.
0) 443) dialog: Who?
0) 445) dialog: Kow can you miss a pirate?? Enola looks at her, frowning. PERISCOPE PCV. A large flotilla. ANGLE ON SPECTACLES. He pulls away from the eye-piece and calls out to the oth
0) 449) dialog: What's going on?
0) 451) dialog: Did they say anything special about my girl?
0) 453) dialog: Just wondering... CuT TO: THE SURFACE. The sub emerges near a nondescript platform in the center maze of boats. The hatch SQUEAKS open. Fatty pops his hea out... Immediately, several MEN race over with machine guns. A O LEGGED MAN climbs down from a crow's nest with a dueling pistol. TWO MEN swing onto a nearby platform on ropes wit daggers in their mouths. Everyone has a triangular mark o their forehead...
0) 466) dialog: If you so much as touch her, I'll rip your balls clear out of the sack. Lazlo looks at her for as moment. Chuckles. Laughs a litt Then, guffaws in a great ROAR. cur To: 46. EXTREME CLOSE UP - A WATER DROP. Pear shaped, swelling. It reaches the critical mass and f disintegrating on impact. Landing on human skin. Somebody nose. WE FOLLOW as the drop rivulets down the bridge and falls off the nose tip.
0) 467) text: The nose belongs to Helen. Her head is strapped in the ha of some kind of torture chair. A water reservoir suspende above dribbles out single drops of drinking water. Tantal down her nose, passing millimeters from her lips... It's high coon and she could sure use a drink. But any mo of her jaw pulls the hinged door of another reservoir, re a stream of salt on to her face. Great mirrcezs have been set up around her to focus addit sunlight om her. The heat is intense... Drip, drip, drip... Helen can’t stand it any longer. She opens her mouth for drink but em avalanche of salt pours out. She gags...
0) 468) dialog: ...don't know anything!!! The salt pours on. She spits through it.
0) 469) dialog: Let m... gol!! ...please!! More saic. She gags. ‘
0) 470) dialog: Where’s ...nolat!! Let me see... heriit Her mout= == foaming up with salt. Helen shuts her eyes. Tears st>ee=m down her flushed cheeks. Lazio has =r where he wants her. He strolls up and remove salt harmess.
0) 472) dialog: (sobbing) I don't know, I swear. Please, please, don’t hurt her. Let me see her. Please...
0) 476) dialog: (proken) I don't know anything. Please... I'm Swear. Lazlo tuxms to his men.
0) 544) dialog: Let me take a look. Wanda moves aside so Helen can see.
0) 545) dialog: (horror) Oh God...
0) 547) dialog: No, Enola. Stay away!! But Enola pushes up for a glimpse. POV THROUGH WINDOW. All the pirates are gathered on the distant tower platfor converged around something roasting on a fire -- an unmis silhouette... .-.it's the horse!!
0) 568) dialog: I hope it's me you want. The "Doc" can hardly believe his ears. He approaches her. But Wanda leaps out and loops her manacles around his nec breaking it with a sickening CRACK.
0) 574) dialog: {grabbing his gun) I hate quickies.
0) 616) text: They pause behind several dozen oil drums of fuel. There distant sound of the ongoing CELEBRATION. Helen looks aro The coast seems clear.
0) 617) dialog: (pointing to a boat) Let's take the yellow one. (to WANDA) You take care of the goodbye present. Helen crawls round the barrel and comes face to face with ...a SENTRY!! She SLAMS him with the club but he ducks, pinning her aga the barrels which avalanche down. He raises his speargun stops... recognizing her! It's Morgan.
0) 623) dialog: What are you talking about?
0) 626) dialog: Just rig those booby traps, will you? Wanda smirks and pulls out a fishing net. She starts to c up in small squares with the knife...
0) 630) text: As Morgan and Helen continue arguing, WE FOLLOW Enola who spotted the glass amulets on Helmut's neck. Her eyes ligh
0) 632) dialog: You think I'm up to something? Say it.
0) 634) dialog: I set you up?? Hah!! Don't flatter yourself, drifter. I'd have been lucky to get a half a jug of hydro for you. ...suddenly Helmut's hand springs up round Enola's neck!! come alive. Enola SCREAMS... Helmut is strangling her wit amulets... Morgan turms. Helen pulls out the gun. Aims it at Helmt's head, She FIRES but Morgan dives at her arm... ...sending the gun, flying into the water!! Helen glares
0) 646) dialog: Piease, Wanda...
0) 649) dialog: Nol!t! NOI! Enola's face is turning blue when...
0) 654) dialog: Let's gol! Wanda slams the boat into gear. But Enola covers the thro
0) 657) dialog: He is...
0) 660) dialog: (to WANDA) Get moving!! The boat begins to pull away. Morgan stares at it, frozen looks back at Helmut... GUNFIRE erupts around him... The pirates are closing in...
0) 665) text: But no one can hear him over the sound of ENGINES. The ot boats start up and foul their propellers... IN THE OCEAN. The yellow boat speeds out into the black night, leaving Pirate flotilla far back in its wake... Morgan has hauled himself aboard. He looks exhausted... e Helen turns to him...
0) 666) dialog: I thought your son was dead.
0) 672) dialog: (groggy) You see anything.
0) 674) dialog: (pointing to MORGAN) What about him?
0) 676) dialog: Shut up, will you? How much petrol?
0) 680) dialog: @ Let's go south. cur TO: MINUTES LATER. The yellow boat rips south across the open sea. Morgan mo to Helen.
0) 682) dialog: Yeah. You're the expert on pirates, huh?
0) 684) dialog: Listen, drifter. For what it's worth, I think you're an asshole but I didn't set you up. Morgan is silent. Helen grabs a hold of Troy.
0) 685) dialog: Hey, kid. You should know how pirates think. You almost became one. What dtyou think we oughta do? TROY . Run like hell.
0) 686) dialog: (to MORGAN) Sorry, pal. You're outvoted.
0) 689) dialog: You have the last watch, I'll wake you up when it's time. If we run out of petrol, just keep us drifting south.
0) 692) dialog: Time to float away now... She gives her a kiss, gets up to leave.
0) 697) dialog: O.K., dolphin. If you promise to close your eyes. (takes a breath) One day, deep in the deep blue, a little fish came across a sunken chest. It was beautiful and shiny so he knew there was something precious inside. He tried to open it but the latches were stuck. No matter how hard he pulled, they just wouldn'r budge. OUTSIDE. Morgan is lying rolled up in a blanket against the starbo rail. He's also listening to Helen's story which drifts o through the porthole window.
0) 698) dialog: Then, he noticed a killer whale swimming by. And the little fish said: “you're the strongest in the sea, will you help me open my chest?" The whale said, "Sure." But instead of opening it, he swallowed the chest up whole. “Now the chest belongs to me," he laughed... Morgan leans near the window, takes a peak inside. HIS POV. Helen's eyes are sparkling in the light of the gas lanter There's something hypnotic about her whispering voice, so mesmerizing.
0) 699) dialog: The little fish was very mad. He found a school of hammerhead sharks and told them that the whale had a valuable chest in his stomach. The greedy sharks lunged at the whale and ripped a hole in his belly... INSIDE. Enola's eyes pop open in horror. Helen smiles and slowly Enola's eyelids with her fingers.
0) 703) dialog: You promised, Enola... In the background, WE SEE Morgan staring in at mother and a look of longing in his eyes. Helen continues, her tone and reassuring.
0) 704) dialog: The chest fell out, but by now, ali the fish in the sea had heard about the chest and there was a huge fight over it. In the struggle, it opened up and they all gathered round to look inside. But there was nothing except a small, dead goldfish, Everyone turned to the little fish. "There's nothing in there," they shouted, "this chest is worthless. At that moment, an old wise dolphin swam up to the group. He said: “There was sweet water in that chest; worthless to you, but worth life to that goldfish. Now, there is nothing..." Helen looks at Enola. Fast asleep, floating away into her dreams. DISSOLVE To: HOURS LATER. The first light of dawn is breaking and Enola is at the h The others are asleep below. The engine SPUTTERS a few ti and dies. No more gas. It is completely stiil, save the sound of LAPPING WATER a the hull. The vessel is on the cusp of a fog bank. As it drifts, the cotton-like fog becomes thicker and thicker, it is milky white... Now even the water becomes obscured by the thick creamy h Enola looks around in awe. Everything beyond the boat has disappeared into whiteness... .+.Enola turns slowly round, sweeping the "non-panorama". +..0n the starboard side, the fog is as thick as anywhere something seems to be out there... +..a presence... ---Enola notices something moving on the bow. A small whi bird -- it’s a dovetil She can scarcely believe her eyes. She moves Closer to th who retreats modestly. Morgan wakes up nearby. He blinks eyes, notices the bird. Enola sees him...
0) 725) dialog: What's taking so long?? Helen glances suddenly in our direction and WE DUCK BACK.
0) 732) text: Still stalks the foursome on deck. Angel turns to Helen.
0) 733) dialog: I don't trust those two.
0) 743) dialog: A plague just before you were born. It wiped out whole flotillas. All their bones became black... Troy looks at her in horror...
0) 756) dialog: It's the engine room!! Come on. INSIDE. They make their way down the spiral staircase, descending volume of Promethean proportions. A dizzying array of cat suspended above two mammoth turbines. Twin steam driven s with racks upon racks of support equipment. A stupendous network of pipes and tubing. They come to the upper level in front of two giant reserv Helen twists open the huge bleeder valve. Some liquid tri out. She wets her finger, tastes it.
0) 757) dialog: Distilled water! It's steam powered.
0) 781) dialog: Relax, Cornelius. You have enough in there for six lifetimes. Helen begins prying open the cans and handing them out. T tries to bite an olive, discovers the pit, hurts his teet trying to chew and finally spite it out.
0) 801) dialog: (frowning) How did you figure that out? Morgan looks at Enola and smiles.
0) 807) dialog: Why didn't I think of that?
0) 819) dialog: So wa need to rig these into a scope, right? Can you do it?
0) 834) dialog: I couldn't sleep. Morgan looks at her for a moment.
0) 839) dialog: I thought it would be a shame if we didn't give being friends a chance.
0) 852) dialog: How much longer until the eclipse? CORNELIUS . One hour and thirty six minutes.
0) 882) dialog: There's just too many boats down there... Morgan suddenly gets an idea. He calls up to the bridge.
0) 895) dialog: What for?
0) 897) dialog: (impressed) That's a good little idea there, drifter.
0) 899) dialog: No way! You cover me. Morgan looks in his pouch -- one more twelve gauge shell, the shotgun breach. They look at each other. A little sil prayer. Then, they both go...
0) 902) text: «bullets from every direction graze their skin, bouncing the deck in a SYMPHONY OF RICCOS... Morgan dives behind a tubular vent stack. Helen risks a f more steps and makes it to Wanda's shelter. She catches h breath a moment. Then, both women sprint towards the brid tower... Now, waves of pirates are clambering aboard. Morgan looks around quickly...
0) 994) dialog: (anxious) You got them didn’t you, Enola? A moment of suspense. Then, Enola turns to Morgan, smilin proud. wane “ ENOLA - Twelve degrees above the horizon... ™  corNELIUS It’s right behind us!! We should reach it by sunrise... But, in the excitement, he's released the stick. The plan into a nauseating nosedive. He pulls her back up, sending everyone's stomach through the basement... DISSOLVE To: THE OCEAN, DAY. The pontoon plane flies towards us erratically. The engin SPITS a few times. Now, the plane begins a wobbling desce It hits with water with a SPLASHY GEYSER, somewhere betwe nosedive crash and a picture-perfect touchdown... But why are they landing? It's the middle of nowhere... Wait. Are those birds? Look, a school of dolphin is surrounding the plane like a welcoming committee. The group piles out LAUGHING, CHEERI Morgan's shoulder is bandaged... They are wading in the water!!! A sand shelf... WE TURN 180 degrees TO REVEAL, the most beautiful, inviti island you can imagine...