10) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Special Agent in Charge (SAC) JACK McCREADY, se at a crowded conference table. An imposing man, he reads loose pages, tough words coming from a gentle face -- McCREADY At approximately 10:50 this morning, the passenger ferry Sea Bride exploded in the waters of Long Island Sound, seven miles southwest of New London, Connecticut. Early estimates place the number of casualties at eight hundred and forty-three men, women and children. Shock and anger from those present. Doug enters at the ba unnoticed and unimportant. Standing room only, he looks o the shoulders of two taller agents to see -- McCREADY Men, ladies -- this happened on July Fourth. The Sea Bride was carrying servicemen and their families to a special event at Groton Sub Base. We consider this a deliberate act of terrorism against the United States Navy. The President concurs with our assessment. McCready shuffles to a new piece of paper -—- McCREADY Uh, I'm also told that someone claiming to be a Federal Agent stole an ambulance out of Brookhaven Medical last night. So whoever took it, just leave the keys on my desk, and there'll be no questions asked. Polite laughter from the room. Nice try, boss. McCREADY Folks, this is a perfect act of terrorism. There were no baggage checks, no flight data recorders, maximum casualties, and all the evidence is under 90 feet of seawater. Don't overlook anything.
24) 0) text: FBI CREWS and NTSB INVESTIGATORS have begun to reconstruc the ferry from recovered debris. A flatbed truck backs up bearing A HUGE SLICE OF HULL like a giant ragged melon ri 20. At a long table, several AGENTS -- McCready and Pryzwarra among them -- are gathered around a collection of small pieces of metal, none bigger than a quarter:
37) 0) text: AGENTS pore over the interior of the house, investigation progress. STALHUTH has a plastic evidence bag filled with bloody swabs, answers his phone as he moves down the hall
43) 0) text: Doug, Pryzwarra, the other agents gather before a MONITOR that displays TIME-CODED SURVEILLANCE VIDEO.
57) 0) text: The bungalow is now an official FBI crime scene, cordoned by INVESTIGATORS and CSI TECHS. One agent reaches into the pit where Minuti's body was fo Pulls out a folded packet of what look like blueprints .. and a thick scrapbook overflowing with photos and clippin
58) 0) text: Doug stands, stares cut at the forest. An AGENT wearing a headset approaches him.
58) 1) dialog: If it makes a difference -- and I know it doesn't -- we've identified him. His name is Carroll Oerstadt, and he's booked on a flight to Paris tonight. Doug nods.
58) 2) dialog: You found him just in time. Doug just looks at him.
66) 0) text: The doors close. Oerstadt punches the button for Parking Level One, and waits. The lights flicker off. Then back on again. Oerstadt punches 'Pl' again, several times. No movement. He hits the 'Door Open' button -- nothing. Looks up, sees security camera --— POV: SECURITY CAMERA FOOTAGE, BLACK & WHITE, looking down Oerstadt. He smiles ruefully, nods his head, resigned. Sl down the side of the elevator to a sitting position, arms his knees. Confined in the small space by four close walls, he alrea looks like he's in jail -- -- as the doors split and FBI agents race in, guns raised