14) 0) text: A SHRIEK of pure grief. CLAIRE'S MOTHER is crying hysterically; CLAIRE'S FATHER rocks and hushes her, weepi himself. They cling to each other on the couch. On the coffee table in front of them rests the Polaroid p of their daughter, dead on an autopsy table. Doug picks up the photograph, waits quietly as Claire's parents try to cope.
14) 2) dialog: No-no-no, shh, shhhh ...
14) 4) dialog: (realizing) The ferry disaster. She was on the ferry. Oh, God.
14) 6) dialog: (barely hanging on) I don't know, she -- she was supposed to meet us this morning, we've been away all week -- when her car was gone, we thought maybe she sold it -- she'd been trying to for awhile --
14) 8) dialog: Yes -- her fiancé broke up with her in March. She wanted kids, but he didn't.
14) 13) dialog: Beth Harris. Doug nods, mental note made.
15) 0) text: Doug comes through the door -- suddenly Claire's father reaches for his arm.
15) 1) dialog: Mister Carlin?
15) 3) dialog: Listen ... Doug... (he struggles for words) Claire ... wrote funny poems in her Christmas cards. She loved Cary Grant movies. She used to dance with her cat sometimes, she named it Ginger, you can guess why. (a plea) I know how these things go, but please -.. I need her to matter to you. Doug blinks, motionless. Claire's Father hands him a photograph -- the one from the mantle -- and a set of key Doug looks at them. A wail of anguish from inside and Dou lecks up -- and meets the eyes of Claire's Father. The door closes.
17) 5) dialog: Hi, Claire, it's Dad. Our flight gets in at 8:05 tomorrow morning -- your mother asked me to remind you, don't stay out too late ... thanks, bye. Doug grimaces. Moves to the fireplace -- next to it is a basket full of dolls (same type as the one we saw floatin face down in the water). A BEEP, then a hang-up. Doug kneels to examine the toys. Glances into the fireplace ... and sees A SINGLE SHEET OF LAVENDER STATIONERY burned up in there, one corner intact He touches the corner with his pen. 17. Another BEEP, another hang-up. Doug looks up, and the cat leaps out of his arms, races to the kitchen. Another BEEP