24) 15) dialog: Before? Doug turns to see a civilian approaching the table: ALEXA DENNY. Black T-shirt, tennis shoes, long wispy hair. Stan with the agents in their suits, he looks like a crazed ge scientist or an aging rock star.
24) 16) dialog: You say she died before the explosion? Doug blinks -- who is this guy? -- then:
24) 21) dialog: A disaster that hadn't happened yet.
24) 32) dialog: May I see that report?
31) 0) text: Pryzwarra leads Doug toward a three-story MAGNET ARRAY, w a group of ENGINEERS is making last-minute adjustments un Denny's direction. Denny turns at their approach:
31) 2) dialog: Charmed. We're about to open the Window, hurry up. Denny swipes his cardkey through A SEALED SECURITY DOOR -
32) 0) text: Doug, Pryzwarra and Denny walk down a curved cement corri They duck under an air duct and some wiring.
32) 5) dialog: (amused) This way -- Doug and Pryzwarra follow Denny around the ring to a seco door; it looks very much like the first. Denny pulls it o There is a slight WHOOSH as the seal is broken --
33) 2) text: -- tall and wide, a sleek metallic frame, curved like an movie screen, suspended in mid-air. The area in front is cordoned off by rails and yellow cau stripes. Behind the imposing structure is a very mundane brick wall; they're in the basement of the facility. Crowded around the Time Window are technicians, monitors, consoles; at once the highest of high tech and a spaghett mix of wires, cables and jury-rigged photon-pushing stuff The steady low background hum of high voltage. Denny slides into an open chair, pulls a headset on. The chair next to him is empty.
33) 3) dialog: What are we waiting for? GUNNARS leans back from his console. We recognize him as Iman_wearing the weird goggles at the disaster site.
33) 5) dialog: Let ‘er rip. Denny watches the monitors instead of the screen. Doug notices, mounted above his console: a_small pink flyswatt
34) 4) dialog: Where's my audio? Gunnars remembers that's his job, scans his console.
34) 10) dialog: (to Gunnars) The guy with the backpack, blue jacket.
34) 14) dialog: Not our guy. Back to general surveillance. Denny tosses his headset aside, comes over to Doug:
34) 15) dialog: All right, Doug. Let's get you up to speed -—
34) 21) dialog: We can look anywhere. But the when is always four days ago. A single trailing moment of 'now' in the past. Doug thinks a moment.
34) 23) dialog: Yes.
34) 25) dialog: We know he's back there, somewhere, planning this. We just need to know where to look. (to Doug) So -- Agent Doug Carlin. Where do we look? Doug sits down in the chair next to Denny --
36) 2) dialog: Go. IN THE TIME WINDOW: the view PLUMMETS down to finda residential housing track, keeps going, comes to a joltin STOP just above the asphalt of the street. The view TILTS UP to reveal: CLAIRE'S HOUSE. The view CREEPS over the lawn ... right up to the wall -- -- and then THROUGH THE WALL to reveal: CLAIRE KUCHEVER, lovely, young, very much alive. She wears a conservative and panties and is just pulling on a blouse. IN THE LAB: A complete shock to Doug ... this is the woma saw dead in the morgue. IN THE TIME WINDOW: Claire starts to button up the blouse turns and looks directly INTO CAMERA.
36) 8) dialog: Let's just see what happens. IN THE TIME WINDOW: Claire frowns, sighs. Tries again.
38) 6) dialog: Satisfied?
38) 8) dialog: Not for a second.
42) 2) dialog: And when they think no one is looking. ON THE JOURNAL PAGE, mostly blank. A hand comes in -- Cla writing onto the page. ‘Still looking for someone who ... just someone.' IN THE WINDOW, Claire is lying by her fireplace now, a gl of wine in one hand, her journal open. She stops writing, stares at what she's written. 'Just someone.' Then she tears the page out of the journal and tosses it the fire. She hugs her knees, watching it burn. DOUG looks down: the journal page is missing, torn away. The rest of the book is blank. Claire will die before she write anything more. Doug sets the book aside ... stares at it.
43) 33) dialog: Bring it down, ease off --
43) 36) dialog: Shanti? What happened?
43) 48) dialog: (jumping in) He's right -- we can't. Not yet.
43) 50) dialog: We still haven't beaten the physics. The tachyon field nullifies all complex electrical impulses, including heartbeat and brainwave activity. (beat) Anything that goes through comes out dead on the other side.
43) 53) dialog: Trust me, Doug. There's no way around it. Not even theoretical. You go through, you die.
43) 76) dialog: Which would probably cost us our funding. Doug and Pryzwarra both turn to look at Denny.
43) 77) dialog: Well, it would ...
43) 79) dialog: No. Because you can't. (a beat) Anything you're gonna do, you already did. Whether you send a note back, or don't send a note back ... it doesn't Matter. You can't change the past, it's physically impossible.
43) 82) dialog: You mean something "spiritual?" Fine. Look it this way ... (he leans in close) God! ind i j . Call it fate, destiny, whatever -- it already happened. And it always will.
48) 0) text: Every screen is active, every station manned. Doug, Pryzwarra, Denny and his team are all at their places. Suspended before the Time Window, held by a thin glass armature: the warning note.
48) 2) dialog: Shanti?
48) 4) dialog: All right, let's get superluminal. Doug and Pryzwarra watch as the Time Window brightens in furious mix of particles, coming into focus.
48) 19) dialog: Okay, let's find a nice friendly surface to push this note onto ... Is that your desk?
48) 21) dialog: Line us up, Goon ... The WINDOW VIEW SHIFTS, veering and dipping until the sur of Doug's desk comes into perfect alignment with the warn note mounted before it.
48) 23) dialog: That's good. Shanti? We need the field to be rock solid.
48) 25) dialog: All right ... start pushing. Get the wave frame past the note. The team punches keys in a flurry, boosting the gain on t Time Window field -- ALONG THE RHIC, the magnet arrays begin to realign -- IN THE LAB, power surges through field emitters. Denny an his team work their stations in a low-level frenzy. The Window appears to WARP OUT, like wind filling a sail. The argument in the Window continues: 56.
48) 28) dialog: I gotta have more cowbell ... More keys are punched. The Time Window WARPS OUTWARD more
48) 33) dialog: Give it ten more seconds. Push ... Doug watches the note, now IN THE WINDOW, seemingly sitti on Doug's own desk.
48) 35) dialog: (defeat) That's it, then. Dial the ring down. The WHINE OF MACHINERY SUBSIDES ... IN THE WINDOW, Minuti glances down and, so casually it al doesn't register, plucks the warning note from the desk.
48) 48) dialog: Goon, keep up with him!
48) 50) dialog: (off Doug's look) The mobile satellite rigs only have a range of about five miles.
48) 57) dialog: Son of a bitch!
48) 93) dialog: I don't know ... but pretty soon he'll drive out of range. The Cherokee races down the empty road, the TIME WINDOW barely keeping up in the pre-dawn light. Doug stares at the screen, wheels turning, fighting panic until suddenly:
51) 0) text: A frenzy of crosstalk as Denny's console phone RINGS --
51) 1) dialog: Quiet, everybody, it's him! (he hits a button) Agent Carlin?
51) 7) dialog: Tf he can catch up to the image, and keep it in sight ... yeah, that could work!
51) 10) dialog: Doug, we have your signal. Try the goggles --
51) 16) dialog: We lost the signal! We're blind here. Doug hits a switch on the side of the goggles and brings up to his eyes, and as he does --
51) 21) dialog: Doug, traffic! DOUG pulls the goggles down as a SCREAMING 18-WHEELER BEA DOWN ON HIM, horns blaring, cars swerving all around --
51) 27) dialog: Doug, look straight ahead! We've got the Window slaved to your goggles. He's a quarter mile ahead of you! Doug checks the real-time traffic around him and looks at truck, timing his move -- then quickly pulls the goggles
51) 33) dialog: The Jeep's stopped in the middle of the highway, Doug! There's some kind of construction going on --
51) 37) dialog: Are you all right? Doug, are you all right?!
51) 40) dialog: We still have a signal here!
52) 6) dialog: You're on him -- THE WINDOW VIEW winds along the road, shows Oerstadt's Je plowing across railroad tracks, toward the Pine Barrens -
52) 10) dialog: He's headed into the Pine Barrens. From here it should be a much slower ride. Doug's car decelerates to a manageable 45mph, heading off down the road into winding woodland.
53) 1) dialog: He's slowing down considerably now ... Do you see that? A BURNED-OUT, COLLAPSED BUNGALOW fills the clearing, surrounded on all sides by steep evergreens. The place is blasted to ruin, a roofless black shell.
53) 5) dialog: Really? We're seeing a finished house.
53) 7) dialog: None. Doug pulls out the backpack, puts it over one shoulder.
53) 10) dialog: Yeah, this works. 70. Doug approaches the blackened facade of the bungalow, his shoes crunching over charred timber. Something stops him: Skid marks deep in the forest soil. His gaze follows them over to a LARGE HOLE in the bungalow's front wall.
54) 6) dialog: We need to stay wide on the chair. Doug puts the backpack down, sets the goggles on top of i facing the chair.
55) 3) dialog: I can't.
55) 5) dialog: Somebody has to stay with the machine! Suddenly the sound of BLOODCURDLING SCREAMING spins them to the Window -- both men look absolutely horrified -- 73.
60) 4) dialog: We didn't change anything. We can't. That's what I've been trying to tell you --
68) 2) dialog: Will you tell us why?
68) 11) dialog: That would have happened anyway --
70) 0) text: Denny, Gunnars and Shanti are the last of the team to fin powering down their stations. Shanti glances up at the cl opens a VIDEO FEED WINDOW on her monitor. ON SCREEN: a MEMORIAL SERVICE in progress --
80) 4) dialog: Do that one more time, and you set off every alarm they've got. Denny reaches past Doug, swipes his card, gets a green li
80) 5) dialog: The only thing I haven't figured out is... how are you gonna do it? Doug looks surprised ... then walks in without a word. De follows.
81) 0) text: Denny moves between stations, activating the Time Window. On his console is a folded-out map of Long Island with on area circled in red. Denny manipulates Shanti's console u the display shows the same area. 86.
81) 1) dialog: We've only got a few minutes before they bust in here and shut us down. Again. Doug stands in front of the Time Window. Apprehensive.
81) 3) dialog: (laughing) Oh yes I do! You're going to try to go back, no matter what I say, correct? (doesn't wait for an answer) If I don't want you to ruin our collider in the process I absolutely have to do this.
81) 5) dialog: (a laugh) You'll see. For some reason, Doug has Claire's tomato timer in his ha He turns it over and over as he waits. Behind him, THE TIME WINDOW ACTIVATES in a burst of stati coalescing, resolving. Doug looks back -- IN THE WINDOW: a view of SEVERAL PEOPLE IN ROBES AND PAJA watching a baseball game on TV?
81) 6) dialog: Is that it? DOUG. Yeah, that's it.
81) 7) dialog: Hah! Unbelievable. Doug takes his gun from under his jacket. Hikes up his pa leg and sticks it into an ankle holster. Hiking up his ot pant leg, he does the same with his Bureau I.D.
81) 8) dialog: Almost ready ... Doug waits, growing restless as the HUM OF MACHINERY arou him increases. He turns the timer in his hands. 87.
81) 9) dialog: Okay. Now?
81) 12) dialog: You know ... you're gonna die here. There's no way around that, you are going to die.
81) 15) dialog: Ten seconds. The HUM of machinery becomes a HIGH WHINE. Doug winds Claire's tomato timer. Puts it into his jacket pocket. MORE POUNDING at the doors.