0) 1) dialog: At 35, the world already weighs heavy on his shoulders. Deep lines mark his brow. On hands and knees he scrapes lichen and herbs from a pock-marked rock. He collects them in a satchel on his hip. He searches for more plants on a
0) 5) dialog: Shem?
0) 7) dialog: Do you feel rain? Shem looks up into the sky. He sees nothing.
0) 9) dialog: (sternly) Ham! The boy freezes. His father’s word law. He drops the flowers and tears up. Noah’s heart melts. He descends on his son, loaded with tickles. The boy’s tears turn into breathless giggles. Noah smiles. He points to another patch of flowers,
0) 10) dialog: Pretty. Pick more for mother. Ham waddles off. Noah watches him. His smile fading too quickly. Then, a second drop of rain hits near his feet. He looks down. A thunderous rain instantly muddies the ground. He looks up. The rain is gone. The dull sky clear. The ground is perfectly dry as if nothing happened. For a moment, strangely, the craters in the dust remain. And then they are blown away. It is the WIND again, stronger now, the WHISPER louder.
0) 11) text: Noah spins, afraid. Nothing to see. He looks up at Shem. His son noticed nothing. The boy stares off into a neighboring valley. Suspicious, Noah scans the horizon through squinted eyes.
0) 21) dialog: Fools. Such fools.
0) 23) dialog: I do not know. One beast could feed them all. But they hunt for the only useless part of the body. The horn. They think it has power. But it is just like our hair, our nails - dead flesh. They kill life for this dead thing. They hear a yelp. A lone JUVENILE BISON limps into sight. Noah beckons for it with an outstretched hand. The bison is unsure. Afraid it considers running. Noah calmly looks into its eyes. It is drawn to him. It limps forward harboring an injured foot. Noah picks the tiny creature up, calming it instantly.
0) 25) dialog: Come, let’s take her home. Noah stands. He carries the creature up the hill. Shem follows, leading his younger brother by hand.
0) 28) text: NAAMEH, Noah’s wife, stands to greet her boys. JAPHETH, the couple’s newborn, sleeps in her arms. The young boys rush to kiss their mother and younger brother. Noah hands the bison to Shem.
0) 29) dialog: Be gentle. Shem and Ham carefully carry the bison away. Naameh sees Noah’s bandaged arm and weary brow. He looks away, kisses Japheth on the head, then his wife’s lips. She puts her questions on hold and kisses back. cUT TO:
0) 32) dialog: She will. Let her rest with the antelopes. Shem and Ham carefully carry the creature out into
0) 38) dialog: Is there anywhere left to disappear?
0) 57) dialog: He’‘s going to destroy the world, Sadness and shock fill her heart. 4g Use!
0) 59) dialog: I don’t... Noah looks out, unsure. He closes his eyes and takes a stilted breath through clenched teeth, He opens his eyes into a
0) 62) dialog: Because it is dying already. At our hand, all He created is dying.
0) 64) dialog: He must be giving us a chance. That is why He speaks. ‘(ponders ) If we change. If we work to save it, perhaps he will too. cuUT TO:
0) 70) dialog: Now they will come. Shem’s smile disappears.
0) 92) dialog: Noah, son of Lamech, son of Methusaleh, son of Enoch before him. I call you as is my right as heir to the line of Adam.
0) 94) dialog: My family has chosen to live alone, in private, studying the world, healing it as best we can. But now the Creator calls upon me to speak. Look! Noah motions over the ravaged landscape.
0) 95) dialog: The world squirms beneath our foot, a poisoned husk. The Creator sees this, He mourns it, and will tolerate it no longer. He would annihilate all in an instant rather than watch this ereeping rot. Akkad stares at Noah.
0) 97) dialog: We must change. We must treat the world with mercy so that the Creator will show us mercy.
0) 102) dialog: We must respect the ground. Respect the rivers and seas. Respect the other beasts of the Earth. Stop the slaughter, the rape, the carnage. Akkad starts to snicker. The snicker becomes an outright laugh.
0) 103) dialog: You laugh at me?
0) 105) dialog: Wait! You must listen... Akkad turns and WHACKS Noah across the face with his axe handle.
0) 108) dialog: No. He rushes down the stairs. cur TO:
0) 119) dialog: (whispers) Grandfather. Sia 15. He steps towards it. Just then, it starts to pour. A thunderous rain. Water gushes over and off his nose, his chin. Now he is
0) 120) text: A corpse floats by. Noah’s eyes go wide. Suddenly, he is looking down on all of humanity. Millions upon millions of dead. And only he is alive. Bubbles rush out of his mouth. He panics. He flails. He screams
0) 123) dialog: He doesn’t wish them to listen. They are meant to die.
0) 125) dialog: Punishment. For what they’ve done.
0) 127) dialog: We are to go to Ararat.
0) 129) dialog: Yes. We must go.
0) 136) dialog: Mt. Ararat.
0) 140) dialog: No, let the children see. This is what we have become. } The family follows him into 17.
0) 144) dialog: (agrees) come.
0) 146) dialog: Your name, you have a name.
0) 148) dialog: Ila. You are going to be all right, Ila. Shem is going to hold your hand and he won’t let go. She looks gratefully up at Shem as he squeezes her hand. Something startles the Raven. It flies off. A distant rumble. Noah hands the bandages to Naameh and hurries up
0) 153) dialog: What? Naameh and the boys stare up at a giant skull. It would lock human if it weren’t the size of a beach ball. It rests neatly on a post. In both directions giant skulls placed on posts sit every thirty feet. Less a barrier than a warning.
0) 155) dialog: Watchers.
0) 158) dialog: This must be where the last survivors were banished.
0) 160) dialog: I do not know. They would be ancient if they did. But if they do, they have no love for man. Behind them, the approaching army spots them. They hear eries. Men mount beasts and start to come after them.
0) 162) dialog: Come. Follow me. Noah guides his family between two large skulls into the
0) 166) dialog: Warning for them as well. Ham starts to cry. Naameh scoops him up. They pass the barrier and enter WATCHERS’ LAND Grandfather’s mountain beckons them. FADE TO BLACK. And this quote:
0) 173) dialog: (in Ancient; with subtitles) We are not spies. The Watchers are stunned by Noah’s linguistics.
0) 174) dialog: We only wish to pass through your Land.
0) 176) dialog: My grandfather taught me. He lives on Ararat. We cross your lands to reach him. Og’s eyes light up. 21.
0) 183) dialog: It is He who sent me. The Watchers gasp as one. Samyaza explodes in fury.
0) 191) dialog: Shh. You will be all right. I will make sure of it. She believes his voice and stares up into his eyes. They connect for a moment. He dresses the wound with fresh bandages, but the contact of the new cloth makes her cry. So Noah starts to hum an ancient tune. A lullaby. He lifts the girl up and rocks her back and forth, back and forth. And now he sings.
0) 192) dialog: Sleep my child. Surrender to the wild. Find your breath. Find your peace. Sleep my child. Surrender to the wild. Find your breath. Find your peace... The girl dozes off. Noah lays her down next to Shem. Naameh places a hand on her husband’s shoulder.
0) 194) dialog: Her womanhood is gone. She shall never bear children. ed
0) 198) dialog: If any of us do. They hear a sound. Noah looks up. A Watcher descends down on the wall. His six arms makes it look easy. He drops silently into the pit. It is 0g. Noah pushes Naameh behind him. The giant’s teeth glisten in the moonlight. Man and Watcher stare each other down. Og reaches out a hand. Noah hesitates. og nods. Noah reaches out. CUT To: WATCHERS’ LAND Moving quickly towards Mt. Ararat in the north, og leads the family through the dark night.
0) 210) dialog: I do not know. I hope so. But I will accept your help. Join us? Noah walks north through the barrier of skulls. He stops. Og looks over his shoulder, unsure. He takes a breath and follows. Naameh sets Ham down. He whines until Og scoops him up. Ham panics for a moment but Og moves him from arm to arm. The boy loves it and starts to laugh. The family laughs as well. curt To:
0) 212) dialog: I will be back by morning. He heads up the mountain. Froma
0) 219) dialog: Grandfather. Methusaleh motions to the tea. Noah drinks.
0) 221) dialog: Water. Flood. Methusaleh lets out a sad sigh.
0) 224) dialog: Yes! But us? Why does he call me?
0) 226) dialog: But I saw Ararat. He sent me here.
0) 228) dialog: Enoch.
0) 230) dialog: A seed? What is it for? But grandfather does not answer. He closes his eyes. Slowly he lowers his chin. NoaH Grandfather?
0) 236) dialog: Nothing. He knew nothing.
0) 239) text: Noah is calm. He is alone. He looks around. Nothing but water. Suddenly there are animals everywhere around him. They are underwater and they are drowning. He looks up. Up above is the surface to the ocean of water he is now beneath. He starts to swim. He swims for the surface. And then he sees it. A rectangle of darkness floats on the surface. It isa ship. His eyes burst open
0) 246) dialog: Stop. A mob of Watchers turn to face Noah. Samyaza spins around.
0) 248) dialog: There is work to be done. Help us.
0) 252) dialog: A Miracle, son. A miracle to start us on our way. My axe, now. Go fetch it. Shem runs to get it. Og looks to his fellow Watchers.
0) 257) dialog: Thank you. He takes a deep breath. Then swings the axe. It lands with a loud THWACK.
0) 260) dialog: I don’t know! More miracles. Unless... Yes! He starts to laugh and then to chop harder. He whacks again and again. The rivulets shoot past the family. The Watchers start to help. Og grabs a high branch and starts to pull. Samyaza does the same. : We drift higher and higher over the forest.
0) 279) dialog: Gentle! Noah watches the bird circle the Ark. And for the first time he sees a cloud in the otherwise clear sky. It seems to be moving towards them. cur To:
0) 299) dialog: (barely audible) Come, be spared. But the Dove does nothing. Naameh walks to her husband.
0) 301) dialog: Then we wait.
0) 308) dialog: Japheth! The boy freezes. Noah takes the bird away.
0) 309) dialog: Listen, all of you. Look. Here are two. Two and only two of each kind. Noah opens some herb filled jars stored nearby. He mixes the contents together.
0) 310) dialog: If they survive the storm they will breed and spread across the world. But if a single creature in our care dies then a piece of holy Creation will be lost forever. So, we must treat them with the greatest care. Noah lights the mixture. It burns. Then he douses it with water. Smoke pours out. He blows the smoke onto the birds. They fall into a slumber. The boys are amazed. Woah hands the dish to Ham.
0) 311) dialog: They will sleep. This my sons will be your job. Make sure all the beasts that enter this Ark sleep. There are only two. Two of each. Remember that. They will sleep and they will be safe. Naameh follows Noah
0) 317) dialog: Yes son.
0) 319) dialog: People will come, many people will come, they will follow the beasts. And when they do, we can find you a wife. Ham smiles. But Naameh screams and points.
0) 324) dialog: All of the Creator’s creations. Each after its kind. They all must be saved! cur TO:
0) 332) dialog: They will return. Whether through courage or fear. Sooner or later they will come. (to Og) Can you hold them when they do? oG There’s too many. Eventually they will overwhelm us. Noah looks up to the sky. The grey clouds have a touch of angry black in them now. 42.
0) 333) dialog: Shem you must finish as fast as you can. cuUT TOs
0) 341) dialog: How many days till you’re finished?
0) 345) dialog: come. Noah walks towards Akkad, the animals parting to let him pass. Akkad spots Noah and smiles. He trots towards him. When they get close Akkad dismounts. He walks the final distance to face Noah.
0) 347) dialog: What do you want?
0) 350) dialog: Then save yourself. The trees are plentiful. Start building.
0) 352) dialog: The Ark is full.
0) 356) dialog: By the Creator’s command.
0) 359) dialog: Very well. We will help each other. Friend. When the time comes I will take ten men of your choosing. Shem steals an incredulous glance at his father.
0) 362) dialog: But you must do your part. Your people obey you now. There is still order. But if you leave, their allegiance will dissolve. You must give them hope. Have them build ships. When the rain comes, then come to me with your twenty-five.
0) 364) dialog: Don’t you see, I got you your three days. Finish as fast as you can. FADE TO BLACK.
0) 371) dialog: I wonder... 46.
0) 373) dialog: If a world without men would be a better world.
0) 375) dialog: Perhaps the Creator does not mean us to find wives for Ham and Japheth.
0) 378) dialog: To shepherd these beasts to safety. Maybe that is all. And then mankind disappears. It would be a better world.
0) 380) dialog: I don’t know. I don’t know what he asks. Noah buries his face in his hands. Naameh touches his shoulder.
0) 382) dialog: Leave me, wife. I need to think. case” 47. But she doesn’t leave. She looks at him with softness. He grunts and storms out. cur To:
0) 385) dialog: What have you done?!!!
0) 387) dialog: A mistake?!! He SLAPS Ham. Ham falls down. He glares at his father. Noah can’t believe what he’s done.
0) 388) dialog: Oh. Ham. I’m sorry. I’m sorry. But Ham runs off. Naameh arrives having heard the commotion. Japheth crying leaps into her arms.
0) 389) dialog: It was... I...
0) 394) dialog: And Ham?
0) 396) dialog: I’m not sure. I saw the dead creature. The Creator’s creature, gone forever now. I was furious, Ieee
0) 398) dialog: I know. Just boys. And I struck out. I hurt my son. Noah’s voice cracks.
0) 400) dialog: Should they? (Swallows) I thought somehow we were different. I look out at all those lost souls and I sympathize with them. They are no different than us. We are no different than them. The same wickedness is in all of us. Naameh tries to comfort Noah.
0) 402) dialog: Not now. She let’s him stay and returns inside.
0) 407) dialog: There will be no wives.
0) 409) dialog: I do not blame them, I blame myself. It is not what they did. it was my response. My anger! (nods to himself) Ham and Japheth will survive the deluge, but they will survive alone. Ham catches every word.
0) 411) dialog: And they will be the last. They must be. We have undone Creation. And we would do it again. If not our children, then our children’s children.
0) 415) dialog: Quiet now. It’s not your fault. It’s mine. Japheth tears up again.
0) 417) dialog: Yes. That’s what people do to beasts.
0) 419) dialog: We can’t help it. It is the way we are. But the animals will be safe from now on.
0) 421) dialog: They will. JI will make sure of it. And you can help me. Noah carefully hands the live lizard to Japheth.
0) 422) dialog: This one is all alone now. ‘The last of its kind. Why don’t you take care of it? Japheth pets the reptile, smiles. Noah lets them bond.
0) 423) dialog: Have you seen your brother? Japheth shakes his head no. Noah goes out into
0) 425) dialog: Ham? He looks into Ham’s hut. Empty. ‘Noah moves onto the
0) 428) dialog: Ham is not on the Ark. I need you to go find him and bring him back. Shem grabs three Watchers. They head towards the woods. Noah looks down at Shem’s work. He starts to hammer.
0) 522) dialog: Where is your brother!? Shem does not know. cUT TO:
0) 530) dialog: Take him home! The crowd looks up at Og and Noah towering above them.
0) 534) dialog: You had your warnings! You heard the Creator’s anger! You ignored them! No one will be saved. Not one of you. Noah points at Akkad.
0) 535) dialog: He was warned! And he did nothing. Now ~ it is too late!
0) 537) dialog: Now justice shall reign! Part of the crowd begs for mercy as Og and the other Watcher’s retreat. Another part turns angrily to Akkad. Akkad rears his beast onto its hind legs.
0) 544) dialog: Away from her! Noah stands outside in the rain. He boards the Ark, grabs the girl out of his wife’s arms, and tosses her out of the Ark. Ham reaches out to save her but all he gets is a piece of shirt. Na’eltamuk lands in the mud. Instantly, a Watcher picks her up and carries her off towards the forest. Ham rushes after her. But Noah grabs him. He lifts him up by both arms and stares into his eyes.
0) 545) dialog: She will not come on the Ark. Join her and die with her. Your choice. In or outi?
0) 548) dialog: In or out! Ham bows his head. In. Noah nods to the Watchers. They seal the Ark. Noah releases Ham to sob in his mother’s arms and then climbs up and out onto
0) 563) dialog: Thank you, Og.
0) 592) dialog: We cannot help them. Ham looks at his father with fury. He storms back into the ship. Naameh chases after him.
0) 594) dialog: It is time to eat. Shem dutifully enters. Noah pulls the roof hatch closed.
0) 597) dialog: You stare at me as one stares at a murderer. Noah looks up at his family.
0) 598) dialog: You question if this old body has a heart. You wonder how one could be so cruel. Noah looks directly at Ham. Ham turns and starts to leave.
0) 601) dialog: Listen. Listen to a story. our family’s oldest story. Listen, and then you judge. Ham stops, he comes back, sits down and waits for Noah to start. Noah picks up the candle and blows it out. Everything is
0) 603) dialog: In the beginning, there was nothing. Nothing but the silence of an infinite darkness. And now we hear nothing. Silence. Then:
0) 604) dialog: But the breath of The Creator fluttered upon the face of the void, whispering: “Let there be light.” A pinpoint of light explodes into our eyes.
0) 605) dialog: And light was. And it was good. And light separated itself from darkness and darkness from light. And this was The First Day. And in what will be a single shot, the white light starts to undulate as darkness emerges and they battle like oil and water.
0) 606) dialog: And the formless light took on substance and shape ~ and so the glittering arches of the infinite heavens were stretched across the sky. A Second Day. The light congeals into nebulae, the nebulae into galaxies. We move forward into one galaxy, the Milky way a trillion years ago. We approach a collapsing cloud of dust spinning around its center. The center IGNITES into a sun. And the edges clump into planets,
0) 610) dialog: And Earth was born. our beautiful fragile home. A great warming light nurtured it’s day - a sign for seasons, for days and years. Now, a giant asteroid smacks into the planet, knocking it onto a slanted axis. Every action creates an equal and opposite reaction, so a glob of cooling matter is knocked off of the other side forming the Moon.
0) 611) dialog: And a lesser light ruled the night. And there was Evening. And Morning. Another day. We circle over the Earth until we break the cloud cover, soaring lower and lower over a planet that is completely covered with liquid molten rock.
0) 612) dialog: And the waters of the Farth gathered unto themselves, waters unto waters. Ard in their midst emerged dry land. And it was good ~- for the land was rich and fertile. We see the molten Earth form a dry crust. smaller meteorites crash into the crust and spit up steam and rain. The water collects into great oceans and seas. We continue to soar high above the ground.
0) 613) dialog: Another day passed. And the Earth put forth tender grasses, seeds, trees, fruit. All the green and growing things. And we see forests blooming and dying and blooming again as the millennia rip by in seconds. Now, we shoot into a pond. The so-called primordial soup of creation. In the murky water we go microscopic. We see the first proteins forming. We watch them dancing around each other banging into each other, until two of them connect -- a key and lock. They fold into each other creating the first amino acids. The chains growing longer and more complex, a helix appears, a double helix, the birth of DNA. And we pull back revealing a nucleus inside of a single celled PROTOZOAN, now swinming with other protozoa, hundreds of them, no maybe thousands, tens of thousands. 75. We follow one, eating, dividing, becoming something else, something more complex, more cells, many cells, the first multi-celled invertebrate.
0) 614) dialog: And the waters brought forth swarms of living creatures. Soon there are vertebrates: fish, eels, all life under the sea. We follow one creature and with each frame it morphs into a new creature, a distant descendent, evolving as time shoots by at unimaginable speeds. This evolving creature swims underwater dodging other evolving creatures. Above the surface of the water we catch glimpses of dinosaurs ruling the planet.
0) 615) dialog: The great monsters of the deep that are no more. We dive deep into the coral-rich waters and pass by a whale-like behemoth and alien squids from the deep sea vents. Then we begin to rise, scattering schools of gleaming fish.
0) 616) dialog: And the multitudes of fish that still swim beneath the seas. Soon, too, the fowls let fly upon the face of the heavens. And it was good, And we burst out of the waters to see vast flocks of birds swinging across the skies.
0) 617) dialog: And there was evening. And morning. A Fifth Day. And we still follow our direct ancestor as it slowly crawls upon land. The first mammals, living between land and sea. We see the dinosaurs bloom and die. Birds multiply and fill the sky.
0) 618) dialog: And the Earth brought forth the living creatures, each after its kind. Every thing that creepeth. And every thing that crawleth. And every beast that makes its way upon the Earth. And still our ancestor evolves. Moving away from the water. Up through the chain of mammals. And soon our distant primate fore-father swings through the trees above the Earth. Some form of monkey. still evolving. 76. And the forest is filled with monkeys, cats, sloths, butterflies, snakes, beetles, slugs, ants, peacocks, porcupines and other creatures beyond number. A dazzling array of species. A cornucopia of life-forms.
0) 619) dialog: And it was good. It was all good. There was light and air, soil and water. All clean and unspoiled. There were plants and fish, beast and fowl. Each one after their kind, all a part of the greater whole. All had their place and all was in balance. It was paradise. A jewel in The Creator’s palm. Beat.
0) 620) dialog: And then came Man. And we see now the first MAN. ADAM walks the Earth. He glows with light so bright we can barely make out his appearance or his nudity. He walks through a forest. This is
0) 622) dialog: And by his side Woman. Father and mother of us all. She too glows with light. She leaves Adam’s side as she’s pulled towards a strange light. Through the woods in front of her are two trees glowing with an internal magical light. There’s the Tree of Good and Evil and the Tree of Life. Eve is drawn to THE APPLE. She stares at it. And once again, it hangs before us from a quivering twig. Her hand reaches up and plucks the forbidden fruit. Behind us we hear the CRUNCH. And as this single shot ends, all slips into darkness.
0) 626) dialog: They ate from the forbidden fruit. Their innocence extinguished.
0) 629) dialog: Brother against brother. Man against the Earth. Back to
0) 631) dialog: We murdered eack other. We raped the world. The Creator has judged us. Noah lights a match. In
0) 633) dialog: We are the last men and women to walk the earth. Children of Adam and Eve. Inheritors of sin. But we will not pass it on. Shem and Ila shall bury me and your mother. Naameh bows her head. Tears in her eyes.
0) 634) dialog: Ham shall bury them. Noah’s voice cracks. Ham looks away, not buying it.
0) 635) dialog: Then Japheth will lay his older brother to rest. You, Japheth, shall be the last man. (MORE)
0) 637) dialog: Until in time, you too will return to the dust. No more men and no more women will ever be. The creatures of the Earth, the world itself, shall be safe. Shem and Ila hold hands tightly. They understand.
0) 638) dialog: I wish no man harm. No woman. Each death grieves my heart. But we must weigh those lives against all creation. No matter. how painful, we must carry this out. Naameh reaches out to touch Noah’s arm. Japheth stares up at him with wide open eyes. Noah looks to Ham, reaches out a hand. dam just stares ba
0) 639) dialog: I’m sorry for her. For you. I AMs e+ Ham turns away, leaves the room.
0) 640) dialog: Ham!
0) 659) dialog: Why won't it stop?
0) 661) dialog: The waters must have risen above the tallest mountains now. They all must be dead.
0) 665) dialog: None could have survived the storm. So what is The Creator waiting for? When do the waters drain and the new world begin? Naameh has no answer. cur To: — 81. NOAH’S WORKSHOP Shem searches the room for something. He can’t find it. He takes a breath and starts over. He lines all the tools up in a row. cUT TOs
0) 674) dialog: How long have you felt sick?
0) 676) dialog: The tea will settle your stomach. It is the motion of the waves. Hard to get used to, but in a few days, your mind will adjust. Tla drinks the tea and rests back in Shem’s large arms.
0) 695) dialog: It doesn’t make sense. Noah absently pulls out a vial. He looks at it. It will not help. He starts to put it back. He hesitates.
0) 696) dialog: Unless... An idea. But, it can’t be. But then again, maybe...
0) 698) dialog: Couldn't be-- Noah grabs the vial, scrambles for a few other items.
0) 720) dialog: {to Ila) Give me your finger. 87. Ila looks to her father for an explanation. None comes. She gives him her hand. MNoah pricks her finger. Blood bubbles onto her fingertip. He drips blood into the bowl. He watches the blood drop diffuse, turning the water a pale red. Noah and Naameh stare into the bowl waiting, anxiously.
0) 724) dialog: What? Who is it? Japheth looks at Ham.
0) 725) dialog: (to Ham) Who is it?
0) 727) dialog: Where is he?
0) 743) dialog: You were too busy leading your people astray.
0) 762) dialog: What are you doing? Ila stands up. She stares at her father. A protective hand slides across her belly. Shem enters and notices Ila’s hand.
0) 765) dialog: It is true, isn’t it? Ila can’t lie.
0) 768) dialog: 
0) 780) dialog: The rains have stopped because of your child, yes. And if it is a boy it shall receive my blessing. He will take Japheth’s place, the last man. Noah pushes past them into the Ark. He pauses.
0) 781) dialog: But if it is a girl, a nascent mother, then it must die.
0) 783) dialog: Should you bear a girl - in the moment of her birth I will cut her down. Ila screams in horror. Noah collapses to one knee. Then, he crumples to the ground. Quickly, everything FADES TO BLACK.
0) 787) dialog: Into consciousness for a moment. Then, he slides back into the throes of his own personal fever.
0) 788) dialog: No. Please, no. Naameh tends him. But even she can’t stop him from FADING INTO BLACKNESS. And these words emerge: Genesis 7.17 And the waters prevailed so mightily upon the Earth that all the high mountains under the whole heaven were covered. All in whose nostrils was the breath of life had died. Only Noah remained alive, and they that were with him in the Ark. Return to NOAH’S HUT Slowly he wakes. WNaameh notices. She comes to him.
0) 790) dialog: Tla.
0) 792) dialog: You know it was not. Naameh’s face falls. She dared hope, but she knew.
0) 794) dialog: Enough!! I do what I must! Noah gets up and leaves Naameh to stare in shock. In the
0) 823) dialog: How can I?
0) 825) dialog: It is not my choice.
0) 827) dialog: Grandfather? He’s cursed me! Does he know the Creator’s will?
0) 830) dialog: Do I? Look. Look out at our world. Noah points to edge of the Earth.
0) 832) dialog: Exactly. And you won’t until Ila gives birth. The rain stopped months ago. Yet the waters remain. Why? Because He must be sure the new world will be as He intends. That I will do what I must do. If you love them do not let them go. There is no land. They will die out there. Noah tosses his plate of food into the sea.
0) 834) dialog: Sure?! Noah looks up to the sky. He gets an idea.
0) 835) dialog: I will show you. Noah storms into
0) 837) dialog: Japheth. Come, help me. Japheth looks at his father, at Ila, at Ham. Ham shrugs. Noah slips into the darkness. Japheth follows. cur TO: NOAH’S WORKSHOP Japheth helps Noah chop and mix herbs on his work table. Noah collects the mixture in a bowl. cur Tos
0) 841) dialog: (explains) The raven. Perhaps The Creator’s most intelligent winged creature. And keen eyesight to match. If there is land out there - he will find it. Ila and Shem look at each other. Noah walks out. Everyone but Ham follows him out onto
0) 846) dialog: No mud. No dirt. Nothing. (to Naameh) The Creator waits for the birth. The Raven flaps down to the roof. Noah goes inside. Tla cries on Shem’s shoulder.
0) 895) dialog: Tf it is a boy, it can live. But if it is a girl, it must die. Noah tosses Shem aside and disappears into his workshop. 107. } Shem tries to go in after him but Naameh and Ila hold h - back.
0) 941) dialog: Please, please, let it be a boy.
0) 975) dialog: Son. Let me pass.
0) 981) dialog: I do not wish to harm you.
0) 983) dialog: It threatens every creature on this boat.
0) 985) dialog: Please. You cannot stop us. Shem excited by the sound of fatherhood responds by unleashing a sword.
0) 1013) dialog: Is it a girl? Ila can’t lie. She tears up.
0) 1016) dialog: I am sorry daughter. I am so sorry: He turns his back to Ila. He takes a deep breath.
0) 1019) dialog: What? Naameh realizes first.
0) 1023) dialog: A boy. Please a grandson.
0) 1027) dialog: Forgive me. He collects himself and pulls out the blade. The knife hesitates and vibrates in the air. The babies scream and scream and scream.
0) 1029) dialog: Please child. Go. You don’t need to see this. Ila drags herself forward, step by step.
0) 1030) dialog: (gently) You cannot stop me. Ila is close now. She looks at the screaming wailing children in her father’s arms.
0) 1039) dialog: (to himself, to the Creator) Iocan’t. I can’t do it. I am sorry. I am so sorry. Ila hugs the babies against her bosom. Shem holds tight onto his woman and children. Naameh reaches out for Noah, but he stumbles off. And then Japheth comes running.
0) 1053) dialog: Ham? Ham looks down at his father, with anger and bitterness. He grips the knife in his hand. Then Noah passes out again. A sad and drunken man. Ham’s grip on the knife loosens. He puts it away. He drops something on Noah’s naked chest. It is the scrap of cloth from Na’elmatuk’s shirt. Ham looks around again. He shoulders his pack and walks off. He isn’t coming back.
0) 1065) dialog: Gone. Silence for awhile.
0) 1066) dialog: Ila, I...
0) 1068) dialog: I have failed Him. All this. I was too weak to save it.
0) 1070) dialog: He does not speak to me anymore. Silence for a long beat, as father and daughter sit side by side.
0) 1072) dialog: After what I tried to do?
0) 1077) dialog: Maybe. A moment for father and daughter. The sun hangs low in the sky. It will be dark soon.