0) 177) dialog: A He is a child of the old one! Samyaza rises up, Og cowers.
0) 179) dialog: But Samyaza, he travels with children. An injured child.
0) 200) dialog: The Creator formed us on the second day, the day He made the heavens. We stood by His side and watched all Creation flower. To us, everything He made was beautiful, but man was the most beautiful of all. Og wallows in his nostalgia. Noah translates to the famil
0) 201) dialog: We watched over Adam and Eve. Saw their frailty and their love. And then we saw their fall. We saw the Creator expel them from His Garden. We pitied them. One mistake, one forbidden bite and they were sent out to scrape a hard existence from the dry soil. (beat) Samyaza was the greatest of us then. He loved men most of all and decided we should leave the Creator’s side and come down to help man.
0) 206) dialog: We taught man all we knew. Magic and Science. Knowledge of plants, stars, metals, and fire. Of all things that would help them live upon the land. But they surprised us. Return to
0) 208) dialog: They turned our gifts to war. Turned them first against the ground, water, air and beasts. And then back upon us. Men attack the Watchers. 0g, Samyaza, and others fight back but there are too many of them. oc We were hunted. Many of us enslaved. We were forced to fight back to survive. To hide in this forsaken land. Back in 25. WATCHERS’ LAND Dawn approaches. The outline of Mt. Ararat before them. os We asked The Creator to take us home. But He was silent. He has turned his back on us. All these years we have lived here forsaken and alone. And now you say you have heard the Creator. Samyaza cannot believe this, he is too angry and bitter. But I look at you and I see the same awe I saw in Adam’s eyes. The Creator speaks with you. I do not know why. But I believe it. And I will help you. They arrive at the far end of the Watcher’s lands. on this side too is the barrier of human skulls.
0) 209) dialog: Perhaps the Creator will open his heart to me again?
0) 253) dialog: See! This man does not lie. We need to help? Unsure, the Watchers turn to Samyaza. The ancient giant limps over and touches a tree.
0) 494) dialog: Only your work ieft, then the Ark is done. Og climbs down and joins his kind facing the woods. Noah looks down. Only one nail is missing. One last nail and the Ark is finished. He opens his palm. The nail is in his hand. He lines it up, lifts the hammer, and slams it in. The blow echoes.
0) 562) dialog: My end is near. Watchers gave man all our gifts. All but one. The gift of forgetfulness. Og hands Noah a small wooden box.
0) 564) dialog: I thank you Noah, for helping us go home. Then the great giant leaps off the Ark into the hordes. He kills many men. Until Akkad emerges from the masses. Bloody, on foot, limping, but alive. Akkad slings a rock at 0g’s head. The projectile slams home and knocks the giant to his knees. Akkad leaps onto 0g’s back and thrusts a great sword into the base of the giant’s skull. Akkad looks up at Noah as he pulls the sword out. The air bends. Lightning CRACKS and connects with 0g‘s falling corpse. Akkad is thrown. Noah watches 0g’s soul drift up to heaven. The last Watcher is gone and nothing protects the Ark.