0) 172) dialog: (in Ancient; with subtitles) Spies. Take them to the Hollow and let them rot. Og starts to act but Noah speaks.
0) 175) dialog: You speak our tongue?
0) 178) dialog: Quiet. Don’t be a fool. This is aman. Men cheat. They steal. They kill.
0) 180) dialog: A trick. Remember. In years past, they have used even their babies to enslave us. Men can never be trusted. He leans in and glares at the children. They shrink in terror.
0) 181) dialog: They are all traitors. They betrayed us after they betrayed the Creator.
0) 184) dialog: You lie. I sat next to the Creator as he formed the first man. Would he speak to you, a man, before he speaks with me? No, this is a trick. Take them, let them rot alone under the sun. The Watchers descend upon the family. As they are dragged away, Og looks deep into Noah’s eyes.
0) 185) dialog: (calmer, to Og) The Creator does not speak anymore, Og, to anyone. You know that. He has left us alone, here, forever. j Samyaza sinks into a glum silence. And og ponders. cur To:
0) 247) dialog: This is not your business man.
0) 249) dialog: Help you!? Your kind turned our charity into our torture. You wish to wipe us clean from this world. You anger me man, and now I will show you fury. Samyaza rises up. His chest surges. His eyes narrow. Noah is terrified.
0) 256) dialog: This is the Creator’s work. The Creator is here. I see that. We will help this man, Noah. Maybe the Creator will forgive and take us home. Shem hands the axe to his father. Noah walks to the first tree. He runs his hand over the bark. Takes a silent moment of prayer.
0) 509) dialog: Creator’s tears.
0) 560) dialog: My Creator, have mercy on me. Og watches the bolt of lightning escort Samyaza home. A large group of men break through the opening in the Watcher’s ranks. They reach the scaffolding still .attached to the Ark and start to climb. On the roof, Noah grips his axe tight. Ready to fight. 67. Og rushes to help. He scampers up the scaffolding, tossing as many humans as he can back down.