0) 6) dialog: What father?
0) 8) dialog: No father. Noah shrugs. They both return to work. Meanwhile, Ham plucks a white weed flower. He adds it to a collection in his palm. He looks up mischievously. As Noah works, Ham sneaks up and drops a flower into the satchel. Noah doesn’t notice. Ham drops another blossom in. Noah sees the weed flower and tosses it out. He returns to work. Ham drops another flower in. Noah catches him.
0) 11) text: Noah spins, afraid. Nothing to see. He looks up at Shem. His son noticed nothing. The boy stares off into a neighboring valley. Suspicious, Noah scans the horizon through squinted eyes.
0) 12) dialog: Father! Noah rushes to his frantically waving son. Shem points down from
0) 20) dialog: (on Noah’s arm) Are you all right?
0) 22) dialog: Why do they do it?
0) 28) text: NAAMEH, Noah’s wife, stands to greet her boys. JAPHETH, the couple’s newborn, sleeps in her arms. The young boys rush to kiss their mother and younger brother. Noah hands the bison to Shem.
0) 31) dialog: Will she get better?
0) 76) dialog: Father! Father!
0) 157) dialog: Like the stories?
0) 159) dialog: Do they still live?
0) 251) dialog: What’s this?
0) 258) dialog: Look! Noah follows Shem’s eyes. Earth around the pool of water formed by the new fountain cracks apart. Water pushes into the cracks forming rivulets. Noah whacks the tree again. The rivulets get longer, radiating out from the burbling fountain.
0) 283) dialog: (teasing) I am waiting.
0) 288) dialog: It still hurts?
0) 326) dialog: Go ahead. The Watchers head off into the bush. Shem moves to another tree. He notices some blood on the ground. Curious he follows the trail and finds more blood, a lot of blood. A few more feet and he finds the discarded remnants of a dead SPIKED WARTHOG. He climbs around a bend and sees the MAMMALS arriving from every direction: rats, wild dogs, the great cats, gazelles, antelopes, rhinos, oxen, elephants. Many of the animals we recognize, many we don’t. Tracking them and feeding off of them are hordes of REFUGEES, beyond number. Shem keeps moving to get a better vantage point when he walks into a tribe of MEN feasting on poached animals. The men stare at Shem. Shem stares at the men. They reach for their weapons. He rushes into the bush. The men chase. Running at full speed Shem leaps for an overhanging branch and swings himself up into the canopy. The enemy runs by oblivious.
0) 330) dialog: Father! Father! Just then HORDES push out of the tree line. The people spot the Ark. They point, stunned and amazed. They start to approach. From atop the ship, Og puts six hands to his mouth and lets out a mighty bellow. From all directions, The Watchers hear the call and descend on the Hordes. The humans see the mythical monsters approach and they quickly retreat in terror. cur TO:
0) 344) dialog: Three at best. Noah looks to Og and his fellow Watchers.
0) 427) dialog: We are close, father. Very close. Noah looks at the clouds. He takes the hammer from Shem.
0) 432) dialog: Tubal take the west. Magog, go east. Tiras and I will work our way all the way up towards Grandfather’s mountain. The Watchers nod. Tubal and Magog split off. Shem continues with Tiras. cUT TO: METHUSALEH’S CAVE Methusaleh meditates, his eyes shut. His straight face hints at a smile.
0) 497) dialog: Ila. Why are you-- Ila doesn’t listen, just kisses him. He pushes her back.
0) 498) dialog: Ham, we need~- She doesn’t stop. She thrusts her tongue into his mouth. Shem tries to pull away. She won’t slow down. She rips at his clothes, her clothes. 59. She takes his hand and thrusts it down. Down where it hurt.
0) 499) dialog: But it hurts-- Not anymore. Ila tells him so with a deep kiss. Shem forgets Ham, the hordes of men, the approaching storm. The whole world is Ila now. And Shem knew Ila.
0) 521) dialog: Father!
0) 591) dialog: If we cut loose the ropes, let them drag, some might find safety.
0) 593) dialog: They’re not soldiers. Just people. Noah lets some time pass.
0) 667) dialog: Are you all right?
0) 718) dialog: Father?
0) 760) dialog: Ham, father! Help him. Ham doesn’t help. He keeps going. Shem pulls Noah up. Noah catches his breath as Shem notices the blood from his father’s side.
0) 761) dialog: You‘re hurt. Shem starts to apply pressure. Noah pushes Shem away and rushes through the rain back into the Ark. cuUT TO: ILA’S HUT Naameh has filled the bowl with water and herbs again. She takes the blade and cuts her own finger. As she squeezes a drop of her blood into the bowl, Noah enters soaked and dripping.
0) 767) dialog: What is going on?
0) 771) dialog: It cannot be... must not be. The Creator’s plan... father’s work... We mustn’t... we are the last. No babies. He reaches Ila, touches her, bursts with love.
0) 772) dialog: Our baby. cur TO:
0) 775) text: ILA’S HUT Shem kisses Ila’s belly. Her tears slow. And then a deafening silence as 40 days of drumming rain suddenly ceases. They rush into
0) 778) dialog: Father? Noah turns to look at his family. His tears are gone.
0) 779) dialog: The rains have stopped. The Creator smiles on our child. Won’t you bless us, too? A long beat.
0) 782) dialog: Are you mad!? This is my child!
0) 801) dialog: our father is a monster. I do not know. Ila doesn’t lcok at him. She just stares out.
0) 810) dialog: What else can we do? Shem sees the hate in Ham’s eyes. Shem shakes his head.
0) 811) dialog: No. Not that.
0) 814) dialog: We won’t last long in that boat. If we do not find land we will starve. We should wait ‘til the last moment, then go.
0) 816) dialog: Let’s eat now. They exit into
0) 847) dialog: Shh now. Courage. When it is our child’s time, we will be away from here.
0) 849) dialog: We will find a way. I promise.
0) 851) dialog: Maybe. But Noah shall never know. After a moment.
0) 852) dialog: Come, inside now. Shem leads her inside. She can’t stop crying. Japheth watches them go. He looks over at the Raven. He bends to pick it up but the big black bird snaps at him. curt To: NOAH’S WORKSHOP Japheth sneaks inside. He picks up the bowl of herbs and a flint stone and heads into the
0) 876) dialog: It’s time. Ham nods. cur TO:
0) 881) text: They hug. Shem beckons again but something catches his eye. A tiny HERRING FISH leaps onto deck. It flaps around trying to breathe. Shem is bewildered. He reaches to pick it up when another fish leaps on board.
0) 886) dialog: (to Tla) Get back! He looks over the side of the boat. From the dark purple sea a shape rises towards him. He leaps for the pulley ropes just as a giant ORCA smashes through the bow of the escape boat. A pod of whales follow close behind, cresting out of the sea everywhere, reducing the raft to splinters. Shem safely hangs on a rope. He scampers up into
0) 900) dialog: We’ve run aground. Noah leaps out of his workshop. He rushes off to check the Ark. .
0) 909) dialog: Help me take her down!
0) 916) dialog: We built it just in case. (softly to Ila) We will be safe here. We are armed and no one will touch you or our baby. Ila lets out her first cry of labor. The boys set her down on a mattress. Naameh cleans her hands. Then, she reaches under the blanket and into Ila. She focuses on what she feels.
0) 919) dialog: He won’t take our child.
0) 926) dialog: (confident) She can scream. I am ready. Shem goes outside to prepare. As another contraction arrives we Cur TO:
0) 965) dialog: I love you.
0) 980) dialog: I will not.
0) 982) dialog: It is my baby!
0) 984) dialog: It? You mean your grandchild? My first born? Just leave us be! Noah almost grins. And then we hear a newborn CRY! Noah gets extremely serious. He shuts his eyes. A moment of reflection. Then, he looks at his son.
0) 986) dialog: (unsure) Us? But Noah has retreated into the darkness of the Ark. CcUr TO:
0) 990) dialog: Is it a boy? What is it?
0) 996) dialog: A boy? A boy?!
0) 998) dialog: It is a boy. Stop. It is a boy. But Noah strides forward. And now, Shem hears the sounds of the Ark awakening behind him.
0) 1007) dialog: IT’S A BO¥! A BOY!!! STOP! Noah keeps coming. Shem pulls a trigger unleashing darts and arrows at Noah. The flying creatures sacrifice themselves. Many die. Noah keeps walking. Two SPOTTED WOLVES charge. Shem retreats into
0) 1011) dialog: She? For a moment he chokes up. As he pulls himself together and hoists another weapon the hut is yanked apart. Two giant RIDGE-BACKED PRIMATES rip the hut to pieces. The morning glow from outside shines on Ila and the child. The primates descend on Shem and push him to the ground. The wolves growl at and bite Shem until all he can do is crawl up into a defensive ball in the corner. Noah stops before Ila. Naameh pounds on his chest.
0) 1057) dialog: With father? It’s the last place Ham would go.