2) 1) text: Damn. I can’t tell. I need a control sample. Here. She hands him a second stick from the package.
8) 0) text: Verona and Burt -- who is now wearing the PHOENIX IS PHANTASTIC visor -- get out of the car and wander through complex. At the fence near the track, they find LILY and with their two children. LILY is 40, average-looking, a b matronly, wearing red cowboy boots which someone has told look sexy. SAM is rigid, with a mustache and short, gelle hair. He wears a button-down shirt and shorts that are a too small. Their children are ASHLEY, 10 years old and a tomboy, and TAYLOR, 6 years old and on the pudgy side. He wearing a shirt that also says PHOENIX IS PHANTASTIC. Lily is turning to tuck in Taylor’s shirt when she sees B and Verona.
8) 4) dialog: Good party. Sam gives Verona an awkward hug and shakes Burt’s hand. H holding a half-full plastic cup of white wine. He sees th bottle of wine in Burt’s hand.
8) 5) dialog: Oh good. (taking the bottle) I was almost out. Can I get you guys something?
8) 16) dialog: (holding the corkscrew, indicating the concession- stand workers) Those bastards didn’t want to give me this. Fuck those motherfuckers. Redneck pieces of redneck shit. Burt is taken aback. Sam switches back to perfect congeniality.
8) 17) dialog: What’s your line again, Burt? Lily was telling me but it was all gibberish coming from her. Burt takes a swig of his beer and seems very thankful for He and Sam take a few steps toward the track -- having th own conversation while Verona and Lily have theirs.
8) 19) dialog: Dammit, right! Shit. Of course it would come to this. Sam is speaking in an urgent whisper, as if he’s finally figured it all out.
8) 21) dialog: They made us afraid of everything. Insurance for insurance for insurance. Bunkers and bubbles and .»+. aw hell. This country is shit. Shit shit shit. (MORE )
8) 22) text: SAM (cont'd) But everyone else in the world is just the flies on our shit, am I right? Burt has nothing to say. On the track, there is a brief ceremony saluting the soldiers killed in Iraq.
8) 23) dialog: Watch the big one, number 8. I’ve got eight bills on him to place. Sam pats Burt on the back and throws a steely-eyed glare across the greyhound track.
8) 25) dialog: This is correct. I married a busty woman, and now--
8) 27) dialog: Ah shit. (to Burt) Looks like dinner’s on you. Sam downs his wine.
8) 28) dialog: Let’s do it.
9) 4) dialog: (to Lily) They're not married?
9) 6) dialog: The point? Insurance, for one. If anyone, you should understand that, Bart. Does anyone ever call you Bart? That’d be sort of funny.
9) 8) dialog: Well, we didn’t have insurance when Ashley was born.
9) 12) dialog: (pointing to Ashley with his thumb) That girl cost us $24,000. Had to borrow from every relative we were still speaking to.
9) 19) dialog: (pouring himself another full cup of chardonnay) $46,000 for ours. It was worth maybe $31. 41.
9) 21) dialog: Run by a Pakistani couple! How do you like that? My family goes back to the Santa Maria. I get turned down by a Paki named Taqi. Lily and Sam are greatly amused by this, though it’s clea he’s used this anecdote a few dozen times.