0) 0) text: SKY. Over which a title "LONDON--SUMMER 1593" appears.  Title card: In the glory days of the Elizabethan theatre  two playhouses were fighting it out for writers and  audiences. North of the city was the Curtain Theatre,  home to England's most famous actor, Richard Burbage.  Across the river was the competition, built by Philip  Henslowe, a business with a cash flow problem... ...The Rose... Gradually a building is revealed, The Rose Theatre, three tiered, open to the elements and empty. On the floor,  roughly printed, a poster--torn, soiled, out of date. It  says: SEPT. 7TH &amp; 8TH AT NOON
3) 70) text: It's all locked safe in here. We need  Ralph for the Pirate King. Good  morning, Master Nol. You will have a  nice little part. NOL shouts for you, takes off his apron and flings it  behind the bar. HENSLOWE jumps up and embraces WILL. The  entire staff and half the customers are now crowding  around, actors the lot of them. HENSLOWE bangs the table  to shut them all up.
3) 72) dialog: What about the money, Mr. Henslowe?
3) 111) text: A different one you haven't written? WILL makes a helpless gesture and hurries after NOL. INT. THE ROSE THEATRE. GALLERY/STAGE/AUDITORIUM. DAY. HENSLOWE and WILL are sitting in the gallery, listening  to a YOUNG ACTOR auditioning.
3) 112) dialog: " В…Was this the face that launched a  thousand ships, And burnt the topless  towers of Ilium? Sweet Helen, make me  immortal with a kiss!"
3) 114) dialog: I would like to give you something  from Faustus by Christopher Marlowe.
3) 116) dialog: "Was this the face that launched a  thousand ships, And burnt the topless  towers of Ilium?" HENSLOWE and WILL let him continue a bit further, but  exchange despairing looks. A succession of would-be  actors offer their version of Marlowe's lines, each as  inappropriate as the other. Among them is a small URCHIN.
3) 124) text: My tailor. Wants to be an actor. I  have a few debts here and there. Well,  that seems to be everybody. Did you  see a Romeo?
3) 129) text: please God. WILL sits brooding alone for a moment. Then he realizes  he is being addressed from the stage. ANOTHER ACTOR.
3) 130) dialog: May I begin, sir? WILL looks at the stage and sees a handsome young man,  with a hat shadowing his eyes.
3) 143) dialog: What are we playing?
7) 10) text: Wonderful, wonderful! And a dog! But now HENSLOWE has worked out that these actors don't  belong, nor does the scene. he enters the fray, but his  interest is protecting his property. Big burly RALPH is  using a couple of unlit torches as weapons; he breaks one of them over an enemy's back and HENSLOWE turns on RALPH
7) 46) text: IВ…quite liked it. VIOLA, bright eyed, is banging her glass on the table in  time to a song which is being drunkenly delivered by a  barbershop quartet of actors. FENNYMAN reels into VIOLA.
7) 115) dialog: Is that me. Will?
7) 294) dialog: "Romeo, away, be gone! The citizens  are up and Tybalt slain. Stand not  amazed. The prince will doom thee  death If thou art taken. Hence, be  gone away!"
7) 296) dialog: "Why dost thou stay!" INT. THE CURTAIN THEATRE. BACKSTAGE. DAY. WILL has just 'killed' "TYBALT." He is still breathless  from fighting. he stands face to face with VIOLA.
7) 327) text: That woman is a woman! The entire audience and the actors, recoil and gasp. The  NURSE crosses herself.