2) 12) dialog: Well played, Master Crab, I commend  you. She throws a sweetheart on the stage and the dog wolfs it down. Everyone applauds.
3) 372) text: "Oh, then I see Queen Mab hath been  with you!" Excellent and a good  length. But then he disappears for the  length of a bible. WILL points significantly at the pages he has given  PETER.
3) 410) text: Yes, by God! Love knows nothing of  rank or riverbank! It will spark  between a queen and the poor vagabond  who plays the king, and their love  should be minded by each, for love  denied blights the soul we owe to God!  So tell my lady, William Shakespeare  waits for her in the garden!
6) 3) text: By heaven, I will drag her down, by  the Queen's command And is cut off short as VIOLA'S door opens at the top of  the stairs.
6) 18) text: The Queen asks for you. Answer well. The LORD IN WAITING ushers VIOLA through the crowd. WILL  starts to follow. WESSEX takes him by the arm.
6) 27) text: That dog! ANGLE on the QUEEN. The LORD IN WAITING has presented VIOLA. VIOLA speaks  from a frozen curtsey.
6) 29) dialog: Stand up straight, girl. VIOLA straightens. The QUEEN examines her.
6) 30) dialog: I have seen you. You are the one who  comes to all the plays--at Whitehall,  at Richmond.
6) 33) dialog: What do you love so much?
6) 35) dialog: Speak out! I know who I am. Do you  love stories of kings and queens?  Feats of arms? Or is it courtly love?
6) 37) dialog: (interrupting)
6) 38) text: They are not acted for you, they are  acted for me. VIOLA remains silent, in apology. ANGLE on WILL. He is watching and listening. He has never seen the QUEEN so close. He is fascinated.
6) 39) dialog: And--?
6) 41) dialog: Above Lord Wessex? She looks over VIOLA'S shoulder and VIOLA realises WESSEX has moved up behind her. WESSEX bows.
6) 42) dialog: (to WESSEX)
6) 44) dialog: But playwrights teach nothing about  love, they make it pretty, they make  it comical, or they make it lust. They  cannot make it true.
6) 46) text: Oh, but they can! She has forgotten herself. The COURTIERS gasp. The QUEEN  considers her. WESSEX looks furious. WILL is touched.
6) 49) dialog: I thought you were here because you  had none. Titters again. WESSEX could kill somebody.
6) 50) dialog: (by way of dismissing him)
6) 53) dialog: Fifty pounds! A very worthy sum on a  very worthy question. Can a play show  us the very truth and nature of love?  I bear witness to the wager, and will  be the judge of it as occasion arises. (which wins a scatter of  applause. She gathers her  skirts and stands)
6) 56) text: Have her then, but you are a lordly  fool. She has been plucked since I saw  her last, and not by you. It takes a  woman to know it. The QUEEN passes by, and as WESSEX comes vertical again,  we see his face a mask of furious realisation.
7) 322) text: I arrest you in the name of Queen  Elizabeth! The AUDIENCE goes quiet. BURBAGE jumps out of the  audience onto the stage.
7) 331) dialog: Have a care with my name, you will  wear it out. There is a general parting of the waves, soldiers and  actors, a general backing off and bowing as QUEEN  ELIZABETH takes the limelight.
7) 332) dialog: The Queen of England does not attend  exhibitions of public lewdness so  something is out of joint. Come here,  Master Kent. Let me look at you. VIOLA comes forward, and is about to curtsey when she  catches the QUEEN'S eye, an arresting eye, which arrests  the curtsey and turns it into a sweeping bow.
7) 333) dialog: Yes, the illusion is remarkable and  your error, Mr. Tilney, easily  forgiven, but I know something of a  woman in a man's profession, yes, by  God, I do know about that. That is  enough from you, Maser Kent. If only  Lord Wessex were here.
7) 337) dialog: There was a wager, I rememberВ…as to  whether a play can show the very truth  and nature of love. I think you lost  it today. (turning to WEBSTER)
7) 340) dialog: Master Shakespeare. Next time to you  come to Greenwich, Come as yourself  and we will speak some more. WILL bows  deeply. The QUEEN turns to leave. The  waves part for her. INT. THE CURTAIN THEATRE. MAIN ENTRANCE. DAY. The QUEEN is bowed out through the doors. EXT. THE CURTAIN THEATRE. DAY. A gaggle of the QUEEN'S favoured courtiers wait by her  carriage. WESSEX is hurrying down the exterior staircase  as the QUEEN emerges from the theatre. During the  following a general egress from the Auditorium is taking  place, including some of the actors crowding to see her  off. WESSEX bows out of breath.
7) 342) dialog: Why, Lord Wessex! Lost your wife so  soon?
7) 344) dialog: As stories must when love's  denied--with tears and a journey. Those  whom God has joined in marriage, not  even I can put asunder.
7) 345) dialog: (she turns to VIOLA)
7) 350) dialog: Give it to Master Kent. He will see it  rightfully home. WESSEX gives his  purse to VIOLA.
7) 351) dialog: (to VIOLA)
7) 352) text: And tell Shakespeare something more  cheerful next time for Twelfth Night. The QUEEN proceeds towards her carriage. There is an  enormous puddle between her and her carriage. The QUEEN  hesitates for a fraction and then marches through the  puddle as cloaks descend upon it.
7) 353) dialog: Too late, too late. She splashes her way into her carriage, which departs. INT. THE CURTAIN THEATRE. STAGE. DAY.