0) 144) dialog: She comes! He disappears back through the curtains. The hubbub falls silent, rather dramatically, and all the busy PLAYERS  know what that means: they all crowd to the curtain and  find places to peep through.
3) 49) dialog: Like you, I found him not at home!
3) 55) dialog: What does Burbage care of that? He is  readying the Curtain for Kit Marlowe.
3) 57) dialog: I have, Master Shakespeare.
3) 59) dialog: (sighs)
7) 135) dialog: You will go far, I fear.
7) 136) dialog: I hope we work together again. Tilney  walks away. EXT. THE ROSE THEATRE. DAY. A man is pacing up and down, in a sort of agony. He is  muttering. He is glancing at a sheet of paper. He is  FENNYMAN rehearsing the important role of the Apothecary, for which he has a special voice.
7) 155) text: Oh God, I am free of it! WESSEX gets to his feet. TILNEY enters the auditorium  from the public entrance.
7) 157) dialog: My Lord Wessex!
7) 159) text: Close it! Take it down stone by stone!  I want it ploughed into the ground,  and sown with quick lime! WESSEX storms out past the bewildered TILNEY.
7) 161) dialog: Sedition and indecency!
7) 164) dialog: (to WEBSTER)
7) 168) dialog: (shocked and gratified)
7) 171) dialog: So, Henslowe! I say this theatre is  closed! On the authority of the powers  invested in my by the court--I close  this theatre!
7) 173) dialog: (triumphantly)
7) 174) text: For lewdness and unshamefacedness! For  displaying a female on the public  stage! TILNEY is unstoppable. He jumps on the stageВ…and seizes  SAM GOSSE. Before WEBSTER or anyone can intervene, TILNEY pulls up his skirt, ignoring SAM'S rather gutteral yell  of protest and pulls down SAM'S drawers.  TILNEY'S face is a study. So is everybody else's. WEBSTER rolls his eyes (oh, these stupid grown-ups!) and deftly  throws one of his mice onto "ROMEO'S" hair. VIOLA gives a shrill scream, the startled mouse descends her neck via  VIOLA'S ear, and seeks an entry into her collar. By which time VIOLA has gone berserk and torn off her wig. Her  hair is pinned up but there is no question her gender.  WILL is paralysed. VIOLA gives him a look of terrible  despair and apology.
7) 179) dialog: That's who I meant! This theatre is  closed! Notice will be posted! SAM has picked himself up, and his drawers.
7) 186) dialog: Closed! Closed, mark you, Henslowe! TILNEY turns on his heel and leaves in triumph. THE  COMPANY is still polaxed.
7) 321) dialog: (shouts triumphantly)
7) 324) dialog: Everybody! The Admiral's Men, The  Chamberlain's Men and everyone of you  ne'er-do-wells who stands in contempt  of the authority invested in me by her  Majesty.
7) 326) dialog: (he points a "j'accuse"  finger at VIOLA)
7) 329) dialog: I'll see you all in the clink! In the  same of her Majesty Queen Elizabeth And an authoritative voice from the audience interrupts  him.