16) 3) text: Okay.  This is Francois, Ricardo, Jean,  Oliver, and Claude.  Got it?
20) 0) text: EXTREME CLOSE ON:  Eric making heroin. The heroin powder is put into a spoon with some lemon  squeezed into it, then a little bit of tap water.  Huddle around Eric are Francois, Ricardo, and Oliver.
21) 6) text: That's good. Eric, Francois, Ricardo, and Oliver come out of the kitch laughing. Eric, Ricardo, and Oliver take a seat on the couch opposi Zed.  Francois sits on the floor. Eric rolls up his sleeve.
27) 0) text: Eric, Zed, Francois, Ricardo, Jean, Claude, and Oliver ar all walking down some dank stone steps into a cellar.   Somewhere crazy Raymond Scott Toy Jazz music is playing. An old wine cellar has been converted into a Toy Jazz clu Nothing fancy...dirt floors, chairs and small tables  scattered about...but the arched brick ceilings make for  great acoustics.
31) 3) text: Okay.  This is Francois, Ricardo, Jean,  Oliver, and Claude.  Got it?
35) 0) text: EXTREME CLOSE ON:  Eric making heroin. The heroin powder is put into a spoon with some lemon  squeezed into it, then a little bit of tap water.  Huddle around Eric are Francois, Ricardo, and Oliver.
36) 6) text: That's good. Eric, Francois, Ricardo, and Oliver come out of the kitch laughing. Eric, Ricardo, and Oliver take a seat on the couch opposi Zed.  Francois sits on the floor. Eric rolls up his sleeve.
42) 0) text: Eric, Zed, Francois, Ricardo, Jean, Claude, and Oliver ar all walking down some dank stone steps into a cellar.   Somewhere crazy Raymond Scott Toy Jazz music is playing. An old wine cellar has been converted into a Toy Jazz clu Nothing fancy...dirt floors, chairs and small tables  scattered about...but the arched brick ceilings make for  great acoustics.
43) 0) text: EXTREME CLOSE ON:  The door to the bank. Francois puts a sign on the door that reads:  [Closed for Bastille Day].
46) 0) text: Francois, Ricardo, and Jean have finished herding everyon behind the teller windows.  Claude is on his way downstai
51) 0) text: Francois peeks through the venetian blinds of the windows the outside.
51) 1) dialog: [Looks clear.] In the meantime, behind the teller windows guarding the  people who are laying on the floor, Jean and Ricardo are the middle of a conversation.  Oliver is sitting on the  counter, having just brought the stodgy customer upstairs Also here now are the sub lobby assistant and the sub lob guard #2.
60) 0) text: Zoey looks at all the people sitting around her.  They're scared.  Jean, Ricardo, and Francois are talking amongst  themselves.
62) 0) text: Francois is on the ground holding his arm.  He keeps roll back and forth in pain. Ricardo is dead. Jean, Claude, and Oliver are waving their guns around rea to kill someone any second.
62) 20) text: [I have had enough of this nonsense!  The  next person that speaks will die!] Everyone is quiet. Francois is sitting on the floor bleeding from his arm.
69) 0) text: Francois, Claude, and Jean are forcing customers to drag bodies into a cube.  The room shakes and everyone looks  toward the hall that leads to the stairs. The hostages, whose nerves are already shot, start crying
69) 1) dialog: [Should we see if they're okay?]
73) 12) text: [None of you are worth half of this  single bar.  Remember that.] Francois, Jean, and Claude look at each other.
85) 2) text: [You fucking bitch!] A few bursts of the Uzi go off and one shell stitches Eri foot red. Eric lets go and falls to the ground. Claude, Jean, and Francois suddenly become attentive to  what's going on. Zoey starts firing the Uzi but can't control it.  She sho the room with bullets.  She starts to run toward the back office blindly firing the gun in the direction of Claude, Eric, Francois, Jean, and the other hostages. Then, a tear gas cannister break through the top windows start clouding the place up. Eric whips out his switch blade and hops on his bloody re foot.
90) 0) text: Eric leans down to talk to Zed.  Oliver and Jean are  watching.  Francois and Claude are more worried about the tear gas.
90) 2) dialog: [What do we do!?] Eric waves them off with a brush of his hand.  He's  concentrating on Zed.
90) 13) dialog: [The police!  They're entering the  building!] Suddenly all of them start firing like blindly into the  smoke. Francois runs back to Eric who has walked up to the eleva via the back office.
91) 2) text: [Smoother and more giving than the most  selfless human being.  You're beautiful.] Francois runs in.
91) 3) dialog: [Eric!]
91) 5) dialog: [The police are coming in!  We're  doomed!]
91) 7) dialog: (frantic)
94) 0) text: The police are now laying it on heavy.  Francois comes ou the office.
94) 1) dialog: Oliver!  Let's get a hostage!