16) 0) text: Eric's flat consists of a good sized living room area wit connected kitchen and a small bedroom in the back.  In th front of the living room there is a small balcony where t sounds of the city pour in.  The room itself is a general mess.  A bunch of guns are piled in one corner of the flo Hung up on the wall is a huge, French "Dressed To Kill"  poster. Some Brazilian Gilberto/Getz music is playing. Sitting at the table playing cards are three men:  FRANCO RICARDO, and JEAN. Sitting on the couch rolling a cigarette with hash is CLA and OLIVER. They all turn as Zed and Eric walk in.
16) 3) text: Okay.  This is Francois, Ricardo, Jean,  Oliver, and Claude.  Got it?
21) 0) text: In the meantime, Zed is sitting on the couch with Claude Jean.  Claude is rolling a hash and tobacco cigarette.  J is chopping up some powder heroin on the glass of a small picture.
21) 1) dialog: Do you want heroin?
21) 3) dialog: No.  A little bit of heroin, some hash, a  beer...and you're just right. Jean snorts a line. Claude offers Zed the spliff.  Zed shakes his head "no".
21) 5) dialog: (recovering from the snort)
21) 9) text: My vein is like a rock. Ricardo takes hold of his arm and squeezes.  Eric inserts needle into his vein and draws out a little blood.  It mi with the heroin, then he pumps it in...then back into the syringe, then all the way back in. He withdraws the needle. Ricardo lets go of his arm. Eric is in bliss.  His eyes roll back into his head.  He  looks like he's on the verge of falling asleep. Then Jean takes another snort. Pretty soon everyone is smoking and getting high, shootin up, and drinking more beer. Then Jean holds out a piece of folded aluminum foil with heroin in it.
21) 10) dialog: (to Zed)
21) 13) dialog: Oh, but you must.  It will make you feel  as though the rest of the world is in a  bubble of glass and that you're rubbing  up against it like a bad windshield  wiper. They stick the aluminum foil with the heroin in it up nex his face.  They then light the bottom of the foil with a  lighter.  Before Zed knows it, he's inhaling a silky ribb of smoke. Suddenly our plane of focus wildly shifts and we...
25) 0) text: Jean's car makes a dangerous lane change across traffic a cuts off Ricardo.
27) 0) text: Eric, Zed, Francois, Ricardo, Jean, Claude, and Oliver ar all walking down some dank stone steps into a cellar.   Somewhere crazy Raymond Scott Toy Jazz music is playing. An old wine cellar has been converted into a Toy Jazz clu Nothing fancy...dirt floors, chairs and small tables  scattered about...but the arched brick ceilings make for  great acoustics.
31) 0) text: Eric's flat consists of a good sized living room area wit connected kitchen and a small bedroom in the back.  In th front of the living room there is a small balcony where t sounds of the city pour in.  The room itself is a general mess.  A bunch of guns are piled in one corner of the flo Hung up on the wall is a huge, French "Dressed To Kill"  poster. Some Brazilian Gilberto/Getz music is playing. Sitting at the table playing cards are three men:  FRANCO RICARDO, and JEAN. Sitting on the couch rolling a cigarette with hash is CLA and OLIVER. They all turn as Zed and Eric walk in.
31) 3) text: Okay.  This is Francois, Ricardo, Jean,  Oliver, and Claude.  Got it?
36) 0) text: In the meantime, Zed is sitting on the couch with Claude Jean.  Claude is rolling a hash and tobacco cigarette.  J is chopping up some powder heroin on the glass of a small picture.
36) 1) dialog: Do you want heroin?
36) 3) dialog: No.  A little bit of heroin, some hash, a  beer...and you're just right. Jean snorts a line. Claude offers Zed the spliff.  Zed shakes his head "no".
36) 5) dialog: (recovering from the snort)
36) 9) text: My vein is like a rock. Ricardo takes hold of his arm and squeezes.  Eric inserts needle into his vein and draws out a little blood.  It mi with the heroin, then he pumps it in...then back into the syringe, then all the way back in. He withdraws the needle. Ricardo lets go of his arm. Eric is in bliss.  His eyes roll back into his head.  He  looks like he's on the verge of falling asleep. Then Jean takes another snort. Pretty soon everyone is smoking and getting high, shootin up, and drinking more beer. Then Jean holds out a piece of folded aluminum foil with heroin in it.
36) 10) dialog: (to Zed)
36) 13) dialog: Oh, but you must.  It will make you feel  as though the rest of the world is in a  bubble of glass and that you're rubbing  up against it like a bad windshield  wiper. They stick the aluminum foil with the heroin in it up nex his face.  They then light the bottom of the foil with a  lighter.  Before Zed knows it, he's inhaling a silky ribb of smoke. Suddenly our plane of focus wildly shifts and we...
40) 0) text: Jean's car makes a dangerous lane change across traffic a cuts off Ricardo.
42) 0) text: Eric, Zed, Francois, Ricardo, Jean, Claude, and Oliver ar all walking down some dank stone steps into a cellar.   Somewhere crazy Raymond Scott Toy Jazz music is playing. An old wine cellar has been converted into a Toy Jazz clu Nothing fancy...dirt floors, chairs and small tables  scattered about...but the arched brick ceilings make for  great acoustics.
46) 0) text: Francois, Ricardo, and Jean have finished herding everyon behind the teller windows.  Claude is on his way downstai
51) 2) dialog: [What do you mean you're not sure if the  alarm went off or not?]
51) 4) dialog: [Well, either it did or it didn't.]
51) 6) dialog: [Well, do you think it did?]
51) 8) dialog: [Take a guess.]
51) 10) dialog: [You're sure?]
51) 12) dialog: [Well what kind of a fucking guess is  that?  You're saying it could have.]
51) 14) dialog: [Well that's fucking great.  Why didn't  you just kill that asshole to begin with.   I knew I should have been the one to kill  him.  You're always so damn slow.]
60) 0) text: Zoey looks at all the people sitting around her.  They're scared.  Jean, Ricardo, and Francois are talking amongst  themselves.
60) 1) dialog: (in French to Ricardo)
60) 11) dialog: [Shit!  What happened!?]
62) 0) text: Francois is on the ground holding his arm.  He keeps roll back and forth in pain. Ricardo is dead. Jean, Claude, and Oliver are waving their guns around rea to kill someone any second.
62) 1) dialog: [Nobody fucking moves!  Nobody fucking  moves!] Claude motions to the dead security guard.
62) 7) dialog: (quietly)
62) 21) dialog: [Eric, I'm sorry.  Things got out of  hand.  But we're in control now.]
62) 51) dialog: [My God!  The police!  What are we going  to do?]
69) 0) text: Francois, Claude, and Jean are forcing customers to drag bodies into a cube.  The room shakes and everyone looks  toward the hall that leads to the stairs. The hostages, whose nerves are already shot, start crying
69) 2) dialog: [No.  They're just blasting the vault  open.]
73) 0) text: Claude is talking to Jean.
73) 2) dialog: [Why are you such a pessimist?]
73) 6) dialog: [You did it!  You got in!]
73) 12) text: [None of you are worth half of this  single bar.  Remember that.] Francois, Jean, and Claude look at each other.
85) 2) text: [You fucking bitch!] A few bursts of the Uzi go off and one shell stitches Eri foot red. Eric lets go and falls to the ground. Claude, Jean, and Francois suddenly become attentive to  what's going on. Zoey starts firing the Uzi but can't control it.  She sho the room with bullets.  She starts to run toward the back office blindly firing the gun in the direction of Claude, Eric, Francois, Jean, and the other hostages. Then, a tear gas cannister break through the top windows start clouding the place up. Eric whips out his switch blade and hops on his bloody re foot.
90) 0) text: Eric leans down to talk to Zed.  Oliver and Jean are  watching.  Francois and Claude are more worried about the tear gas.
92) 0) text: Jean becomes a berzerker and runs out into a cloud of smo and throws the tear gas container into the thick cloud. Then he turns to the police and holds his own gun to his  head.
92) 1) dialog: [Don't make me!] A single bullet passes through his torso.  As Jean falls the ground he lets loose a round of gunfire into the ceil Oliver is still firing, his face is red like a crazed man From behind the counter the sub lobby assistant grabs a h of Claude and wrestles him to the ground. The other customers start to flee for cover. Oliver sees the fracas between the sub lobby assistant an Claude.  It looks like the sub lobby assistant is getting upper hand.  Oliver swings his gun around and sprays mach gun fire at them...killing them both.