16) 0) text: Eric's flat consists of a good sized living room area wit connected kitchen and a small bedroom in the back.  In th front of the living room there is a small balcony where t sounds of the city pour in.  The room itself is a general mess.  A bunch of guns are piled in one corner of the flo Hung up on the wall is a huge, French "Dressed To Kill"  poster. Some Brazilian Gilberto/Getz music is playing. Sitting at the table playing cards are three men:  FRANCO RICARDO, and JEAN. Sitting on the couch rolling a cigarette with hash is CLA and OLIVER. They all turn as Zed and Eric walk in.
16) 3) text: Okay.  This is Francois, Ricardo, Jean,  Oliver, and Claude.  Got it?
16) 6) text: Ne soyez pa salauds.  Offrez une biere au  plus grand perceur de coffres. Oliver stands up and walks to the kitchen.
16) 7) dialog: (with an English accent)
16) 10) dialog: Don't think of it.
17) 0) text: The kitchen is an absolute pig stye.  Dishes are piled up the sink and on the counter. Oliver grabs a glass that has some old beer in it and emp it.  He scratches some filth off of it and pours some bee into the glass.
18) 13) text: Zed, come here. Zed gets up and goes with Eric to the bedroom.  On the wa Oliver hands him the glass of beer.
18) 14) dialog: Here you go mate.
20) 0) text: EXTREME CLOSE ON:  Eric making heroin. The heroin powder is put into a spoon with some lemon  squeezed into it, then a little bit of tap water.  Huddle around Eric are Francois, Ricardo, and Oliver.
20) 1) dialog: (so high he's wobbling)
20) 2) text: You have to look at the Starship  Enterprise as a metaphor for the human  brain. No one is really listening to Oliver.  Eric takes out a  lighter and cooks it to a boil.
20) 3) dialog: (continuing)
20) 6) dialog: (continuing)
20) 9) text: [Here, shut up and hold this.] He hands Oliver the spoon and takes out a needle.  Using cotton as a filter he draws the heroin into the syringe. Then, he holds the syringe up and starts tapping it.
21) 6) text: That's good. Eric, Francois, Ricardo, and Oliver come out of the kitch laughing. Eric, Ricardo, and Oliver take a seat on the couch opposi Zed.  Francois sits on the floor. Eric rolls up his sleeve.
26) 5) dialog: (out the window)
27) 0) text: Eric, Zed, Francois, Ricardo, Jean, Claude, and Oliver ar all walking down some dank stone steps into a cellar.   Somewhere crazy Raymond Scott Toy Jazz music is playing. An old wine cellar has been converted into a Toy Jazz clu Nothing fancy...dirt floors, chairs and small tables  scattered about...but the arched brick ceilings make for  great acoustics.
27) 4) dialog: So, how long have you known Eric?
27) 6) dialog: Yeah, and his dad's French.
27) 8) dialog: Well, it's good to have you here.  Eric  speaks fairly highly of you.  Say, he  says you're a big fan of Viking films.
27) 10) dialog: Oh they're the best.  Helmets with horns  on them.  Shit.  That's fucking genius. He starts laughing.
27) 11) dialog: How 'bout Toy Jazz?  You like it? Zed watches the players on stage and then nods.
27) 13) dialog: I love it.  It's really good, you know?   Like real music.  It has a heart and  culture all it's own.  It's, like, jazz  for dwarves...or guys in Leiderhosen.   Total purity of essence.
27) 15) dialog: Hungry cannibals'd like it. Then Claude comes up to them with some glasses and a bott of red wine.
27) 17) dialog: (to Claude)
27) 27) dialog: Look at him.  He's crazy.
31) 0) text: Eric's flat consists of a good sized living room area wit connected kitchen and a small bedroom in the back.  In th front of the living room there is a small balcony where t sounds of the city pour in.  The room itself is a general mess.  A bunch of guns are piled in one corner of the flo Hung up on the wall is a huge, French "Dressed To Kill"  poster. Some Brazilian Gilberto/Getz music is playing. Sitting at the table playing cards are three men:  FRANCO RICARDO, and JEAN. Sitting on the couch rolling a cigarette with hash is CLA and OLIVER. They all turn as Zed and Eric walk in.
31) 3) text: Okay.  This is Francois, Ricardo, Jean,  Oliver, and Claude.  Got it?
31) 6) text: Ne soyez pa salauds.  Offrez une biere au  plus grand perceur de coffres. Oliver stands up and walks to the kitchen.
31) 7) dialog: (with an English accent)
31) 10) dialog: Don't think of it.
32) 0) text: The kitchen is an absolute pig stye.  Dishes are piled up the sink and on the counter. Oliver grabs a glass that has some old beer in it and emp it.  He scratches some filth off of it and pours some bee into the glass.
33) 13) text: Zed, come here. Zed gets up and goes with Eric to the bedroom.  On the wa Oliver hands him the glass of beer.
33) 14) dialog: Here you go mate.
35) 0) text: EXTREME CLOSE ON:  Eric making heroin. The heroin powder is put into a spoon with some lemon  squeezed into it, then a little bit of tap water.  Huddle around Eric are Francois, Ricardo, and Oliver.
35) 1) dialog: (so high he's wobbling)
35) 2) text: You have to look at the Starship  Enterprise as a metaphor for the human  brain. No one is really listening to Oliver.  Eric takes out a  lighter and cooks it to a boil.
35) 3) dialog: (continuing)
35) 6) dialog: (continuing)
35) 9) text: [Here, shut up and hold this.] He hands Oliver the spoon and takes out a needle.  Using cotton as a filter he draws the heroin into the syringe. Then, he holds the syringe up and starts tapping it.
36) 6) text: That's good. Eric, Francois, Ricardo, and Oliver come out of the kitch laughing. Eric, Ricardo, and Oliver take a seat on the couch opposi Zed.  Francois sits on the floor. Eric rolls up his sleeve.
41) 5) dialog: (out the window)
42) 0) text: Eric, Zed, Francois, Ricardo, Jean, Claude, and Oliver ar all walking down some dank stone steps into a cellar.   Somewhere crazy Raymond Scott Toy Jazz music is playing. An old wine cellar has been converted into a Toy Jazz clu Nothing fancy...dirt floors, chairs and small tables  scattered about...but the arched brick ceilings make for  great acoustics.
42) 4) dialog: So, how long have you known Eric?
42) 6) dialog: Yeah, and his dad's French.
42) 8) dialog: Well, it's good to have you here.  Eric  speaks fairly highly of you.  Say, he  says you're a big fan of Viking films.
42) 10) dialog: Oh they're the best.  Helmets with horns  on them.  Shit.  That's fucking genius. He starts laughing.
42) 11) dialog: How 'bout Toy Jazz?  You like it? Zed watches the players on stage and then nods.
42) 13) dialog: I love it.  It's really good, you know?   Like real music.  It has a heart and  culture all it's own.  It's, like, jazz  for dwarves...or guys in Leiderhosen.   Total purity of essence.
42) 15) dialog: Hungry cannibals'd like it. Then Claude comes up to them with some glasses and a bott of red wine.
42) 17) dialog: (to Claude)
42) 27) dialog: Look at him.  He's crazy.
45) 0) text: The sub level teller and the sub lobby assistant walk int the sub lobby just as Eric, Zed, Oliver, and the bank man start coming down the stairs. At the sight of Eric and his men the sub lobby guard #2 a his weapon but does not fire because of the bank manager. Eric presses his Uzi against the bank manager's neck.
47) 8) text: [Well, just to be sure--] Then, from one of the safety deposit booths a sound is he All eyes turn to it. Oliver walks up to it and kicks the door in.  The stodgy  customer is kneeling in it.  He instantly holds his hands high.
47) 9) dialog: [Freeze motherfucker!] Eric walks up, gun in hand.
47) 12) dialog: [On the ground!] He does.
47) 14) text: [Making a deposit I hope.] (he smiles to Oliver)
49) 31) text: [Take him upstairs.] Oliver takes the customer upstairs to the rest of the peo Eric rips off his mask.
62) 0) text: Francois is on the ground holding his arm.  He keeps roll back and forth in pain. Ricardo is dead. Jean, Claude, and Oliver are waving their guns around rea to kill someone any second.
62) 3) dialog: [Don't fuck with me!  Don't fuck with  me!] He grabs the gun from the dead security guards limp grip. Eric storms in.  He isn't wearing his mask.
62) 5) dialog: (pointing at the dead man)
62) 10) dialog: Who gives a damn if they see us or not  anyway!  I can't see a fucking think in  this! Everyone takes their masks off.
62) 32) dialog: The phones are dead. Eric grabs a WOMAN TELLER who is crying hysterically and  lifts her to her feet. He drags her to the ringing phone.
62) 40) text: [Who is this?] Eric motions to Oliver to check the windows. Oliver runs over and peeks out the blinds.
62) 41) dialog: Oh my God!  The police!
62) 45) text: [We're all fine in here.] Oliver is pacing back and forth wildly.  He starts loadin extra ammo into his weapon.
68) 5) dialog: What is it?!  I came down to see how  things were going and heard shots!
68) 7) dialog: We've got guns.  Why don't we just storm  in and blast his fucking ass!  It's three  against one!  Let's give it the old--
68) 9) dialog: I'm just trying to be helpful.
68) 11) dialog: You don't have to snap at me. Eric peeks into the vault.
68) 15) text: No! Oliver and Eric look at each other and smile.
68) 31) text: [Changed your mind yet?] Eric creeps into the room and activates the detonator. Zed and Oliver run for cover.
70) 0) text: Dust has blown out of the vault and is settling on Oliver Zed, and Eric, who is laughing like a madman. Zed is looking at him like he's crazy.
71) 5) dialog: Right.  When you tell me, I'll open it  up.
71) 7) dialog: Right. Zed crawls through the opening.
71) 8) dialog: I'll be at the other vault waiting for  you to call to me.
79) 0) text: Oliver is staring at the dead bodies of the manager and s lobby teller.
79) 2) text: Oliver, now!  Open the vault! Oliver turns the large wheel and opens the Caliber vault  door. With some amount of energy the door opens.  Standing insi is Zed.
79) 5) dialog: Sure. Oliver puts his gun down and they go into the Calibre vau
80) 0) text: Oliver sees the huge platen of gold bricks.  Zed puts his steel briefcase on top of it.
80) 1) dialog: Holy mother.
82) 0) text: Zed takes the dolly and starts wheeling the platen of gol out.  Oliver helps him.
82) 1) dialog: This is unbelievable.  Look at all of  this.  It's wonderful to touch.
83) 1) dialog: Do you think we should get some cash  also?
83) 3) dialog: Well, you never know. They start maneuvering the platen toward an elevator.
83) 5) dialog: That's true.
83) 7) dialog: Eric knows someone in Portugal.
86) 2) dialog: A what?
86) 4) dialog: Oh, it won't matter.  The police know  what we're up too.
86) 6) dialog: You don't know?  We've been discovered.   But Eric has them under control. Zed is frantic.
86) 8) dialog: The building is surrounded. The elevator doors open onto the ground floor to the soun automatic gunfire.  Zed walks out into the back office.
88) 0) text: Zed and Oliver collapse out of the back office and into t lobby.  They tumble onto the floor.  Eric hobbles over to them, his gun aimed at Zed.
90) 0) text: Eric leans down to talk to Zed.  Oliver and Jean are  watching.  Francois and Claude are more worried about the tear gas.
94) 2) dialog: This is the end! Francois is ripped into by machine gun fire. Oliver races past him.
96) 0) text: Eric hops into the elevator and closes the door, just as  Oliver runs up, firing toward the police. Eric is laughing manically as he leaves them behind.
96) 1) dialog: Bastard! Oliver turns to where the police will surely be coming in
98) 0) text: Zoey peeks up the stairs just in time to see Oliver bolt the stairs.
98) 1) dialog: (to police)
98) 2) text: Motherfuckers! A volly of gunfire rips into Oliver but he stands his gro and fires into the police.
98) 3) dialog: You wanna fuck with me?  You wanna fuck  with me?  I'll show you who you're  fucking with! He starts blasting away. Terrified, Zoey leads Zed to the storage/elevator area.
100) 4) dialog: Ox!  Where is thy yoke!? He clumsily falls dead to the ground, his shotgun slides Zoey, Zed, and Eric. The sight of the gun gives Eric the strength only a madma could posses.  He rolls over and throws Zoey off him. Then, he smashes his forehead into Zed's nose, bursting i Eric, deftly, rolls over and grabs the gun. He gets to his feet and cocks the pump action.