16) 0) text: Eric's flat consists of a good sized living room area wit connected kitchen and a small bedroom in the back.  In th front of the living room there is a small balcony where t sounds of the city pour in.  The room itself is a general mess.  A bunch of guns are piled in one corner of the flo Hung up on the wall is a huge, French "Dressed To Kill"  poster. Some Brazilian Gilberto/Getz music is playing. Sitting at the table playing cards are three men:  FRANCO RICARDO, and JEAN. Sitting on the couch rolling a cigarette with hash is CLA and OLIVER. They all turn as Zed and Eric walk in.
16) 3) text: Okay.  This is Francois, Ricardo, Jean,  Oliver, and Claude.  Got it?
20) 0) text: EXTREME CLOSE ON:  Eric making heroin. The heroin powder is put into a spoon with some lemon  squeezed into it, then a little bit of tap water.  Huddle around Eric are Francois, Ricardo, and Oliver.
21) 6) text: That's good. Eric, Francois, Ricardo, and Oliver come out of the kitch laughing. Eric, Ricardo, and Oliver take a seat on the couch opposi Zed.  Francois sits on the floor. Eric rolls up his sleeve.
21) 9) text: My vein is like a rock. Ricardo takes hold of his arm and squeezes.  Eric inserts needle into his vein and draws out a little blood.  It mi with the heroin, then he pumps it in...then back into the syringe, then all the way back in. He withdraws the needle. Ricardo lets go of his arm. Eric is in bliss.  His eyes roll back into his head.  He  looks like he's on the verge of falling asleep. Then Jean takes another snort. Pretty soon everyone is smoking and getting high, shootin up, and drinking more beer. Then Jean holds out a piece of folded aluminum foil with heroin in it.
22) 2) dialog: Do you like French cars? All Zed can notice is that the speedometer is at 160  kilometers per hour.  He tries to calculate what that is miles per hour.
22) 5) dialog: I like the Cadillac.  Fifty-two to  seventy-five.  Very nice.
25) 0) text: Jean's car makes a dangerous lane change across traffic a cuts off Ricardo.
26) 1) dialog: [Shit!  That bastard.]
26) 9) dialog: Perverts d'homosexuels! Eric laughs.
27) 0) text: Eric, Zed, Francois, Ricardo, Jean, Claude, and Oliver ar all walking down some dank stone steps into a cellar.   Somewhere crazy Raymond Scott Toy Jazz music is playing. An old wine cellar has been converted into a Toy Jazz clu Nothing fancy...dirt floors, chairs and small tables  scattered about...but the arched brick ceilings make for  great acoustics.
31) 0) text: Eric's flat consists of a good sized living room area wit connected kitchen and a small bedroom in the back.  In th front of the living room there is a small balcony where t sounds of the city pour in.  The room itself is a general mess.  A bunch of guns are piled in one corner of the flo Hung up on the wall is a huge, French "Dressed To Kill"  poster. Some Brazilian Gilberto/Getz music is playing. Sitting at the table playing cards are three men:  FRANCO RICARDO, and JEAN. Sitting on the couch rolling a cigarette with hash is CLA and OLIVER. They all turn as Zed and Eric walk in.
31) 3) text: Okay.  This is Francois, Ricardo, Jean,  Oliver, and Claude.  Got it?
35) 0) text: EXTREME CLOSE ON:  Eric making heroin. The heroin powder is put into a spoon with some lemon  squeezed into it, then a little bit of tap water.  Huddle around Eric are Francois, Ricardo, and Oliver.
36) 6) text: That's good. Eric, Francois, Ricardo, and Oliver come out of the kitch laughing. Eric, Ricardo, and Oliver take a seat on the couch opposi Zed.  Francois sits on the floor. Eric rolls up his sleeve.
36) 9) text: My vein is like a rock. Ricardo takes hold of his arm and squeezes.  Eric inserts needle into his vein and draws out a little blood.  It mi with the heroin, then he pumps it in...then back into the syringe, then all the way back in. He withdraws the needle. Ricardo lets go of his arm. Eric is in bliss.  His eyes roll back into his head.  He  looks like he's on the verge of falling asleep. Then Jean takes another snort. Pretty soon everyone is smoking and getting high, shootin up, and drinking more beer. Then Jean holds out a piece of folded aluminum foil with heroin in it.
37) 2) dialog: Do you like French cars? All Zed can notice is that the speedometer is at 160  kilometers per hour.  He tries to calculate what that is miles per hour.
37) 5) dialog: I like the Cadillac.  Fifty-two to  seventy-five.  Very nice.
40) 0) text: Jean's car makes a dangerous lane change across traffic a cuts off Ricardo.
41) 1) dialog: [Shit!  That bastard.]
41) 9) dialog: Perverts d'homosexuels! Eric laughs.
42) 0) text: Eric, Zed, Francois, Ricardo, Jean, Claude, and Oliver ar all walking down some dank stone steps into a cellar.   Somewhere crazy Raymond Scott Toy Jazz music is playing. An old wine cellar has been converted into a Toy Jazz clu Nothing fancy...dirt floors, chairs and small tables  scattered about...but the arched brick ceilings make for  great acoustics.
46) 0) text: Francois, Ricardo, and Jean have finished herding everyon behind the teller windows.  Claude is on his way downstai
46) 2) dialog: (to the people)
51) 3) dialog: [I mean I'm not sure.]
51) 5) dialog: [And I'm not sure.]
51) 7) dialog: [I just fucking told you, I don't know.]
51) 9) dialog: [It didn't.]
51) 11) dialog: [No.  It's just a guess.]
51) 13) dialog: [Yes.]
51) 15) dialog: [Shit these masks are really hot.]
60) 0) text: Zoey looks at all the people sitting around her.  They're scared.  Jean, Ricardo, and Francois are talking amongst  themselves.
60) 3) dialog: [Let's see.  Okay.  An unfortunate fellow  was locked up in prison doing five to ten  for armed robbery.  All he could think of  the whole time was eating pussy.] Zoey looks up at them telling the joke.
60) 4) dialog: [The day finally came for his release.   He walked out of the prison with a new  suit and fifty francs the officials had  given him, and made a bee-line for the  whorehouse in the nearest town.  Slamming  his fifty francs on the front desk, he  said, "I wanna eat some pussy."] Jean is already laughing.
60) 5) dialog: [I'm not done.  Listen.  "Where've you  been," said the greasy fellow behind the  desk, "fifty francs won't get you a close  look these days."] Zoey glances at all of the people.  Then her eyes lock wi the concierge security guard.
60) 6) dialog: ["Listen buddy," said the ex-convict,  pulling him out of his chair by the shirt  collar, "I wanna eat some pussy, and I  want it now!"] The concierge security guard lifts his pant leg slowly.
60) 7) dialog: ["Okay, okay," gasped the proprietor,  "I'll see what I can do."  So the ex-con  followed him through to the very back of  the warehouse through some stained,  tattered red curtains, and into a grimy  little room where a bedraggled looking  whore lay spreadeagled on a filthy bed.   "She's yours for fifty francs," said the  proprietor, and the fellow went at it.] Zoey notices that on the concierge security guard's leg i ankle holster with a small .38 pistol on it.  His fingers begin to unsnap the safety harness on it. Her eyes widen.
60) 8) dialog: [After a little while, he came across a  piece of egg.  "That's funny," he thought  to himself, "I don't think I had egg for  breakfast."  But he spat it out and kept  eating away.  Next he found a piece of  chipped beef wedged between his front  teeth.  "I'm sure I haven't eaten chipped  beef this week," he thought, but kept on.   Then he came across the corn.  "What is  this?" he said, "I think I'm going to be  sick."] The concierge security guard unsnaps the safety.  Zoey kn he's going to make his move.
60) 9) dialog: ["Ya know," says the whore, "that's what  the last guy said."] Before they can even laugh the concierge security guard w out the .38 and fires three shots. Two of them hit Ricardo in the chest.  He falls to the  ground. The other hits Francois in the arm. In an instant Jean is firing his machine gun into the gro of people huddled on the floor. Everyone is screaming and trying to get away. Machine gun fire cuts through the concierge security guar killing him dead. Unfortunately, the wild spray of bullets also rips into t of the tellers, four of the customers, and the loan offic killing them all. People are trying to flee but Claude fires his gun into t ceiling.
62) 0) text: Francois is on the ground holding his arm.  He keeps roll back and forth in pain. Ricardo is dead. Jean, Claude, and Oliver are waving their guns around rea to kill someone any second.
62) 6) text: [This crazy fuck shot Ricardo!] Eric looks over at Ricardo and then at the carnage. Then everybody notices he isn't wearing a mask.