7) 0) text: Zed walks to the door to his room with the towel wrapped  around his waist.  He opens it. In the hall is ZOEY, a cute French girl of not more than  twenty.  She's chewing on gum the way a schoolgirl might, she looks like no girl Zed ever went to school with.
8) 0) text: Zed is asleep.  Zoey is asleep in his arms. There is a knocking at the door. Zed opens his eyes. The knock becomes a pound. Zed gets up and puts on his pants.  Zoey gets up and look around.
9) 0) text: Eric walks up to the shower and knocks on the door.  Zoey obviously surprised to see him.
10) 3) text: Don't worry about her. (to Zoey in French)
11) 0) text: Naked, Zoey falls into the hall. Eric slams the door shut. She is instantly back on her feet and screaming as she po on the door.
58) 0) text: Zoey is sitting on the floor next to the other bank hosta
60) 0) text: Zoey looks at all the people sitting around her.  They're scared.  Jean, Ricardo, and Francois are talking amongst  themselves.
77) 12) text: [You have quite a reach my lovely.  Is he  one of your clients?] He pushes Zoey to the ground.
81) 7) text: [Claude, look around you.  We're not  talking prison here.  You know.  The cops  will give in.  You start killing  women...they give in.  They're all so  fucking much in love with women!] Then he looks at Zoey.
85) 0) text: Eric is dragging Zoey by the hair toward the door when sh grabs his groin and starts squeezing. Eric lets out a shrill scream and whacks the butt of the into her face. But she won't let go.  Her years as a prostitute have tau her to ignore pain. She grabs hold of the gun hand.
85) 2) text: [You fucking bitch!] A few bursts of the Uzi go off and one shell stitches Eri foot red. Eric lets go and falls to the ground. Claude, Jean, and Francois suddenly become attentive to  what's going on. Zoey starts firing the Uzi but can't control it.  She sho the room with bullets.  She starts to run toward the back office blindly firing the gun in the direction of Claude, Eric, Francois, Jean, and the other hostages. Then, a tear gas cannister break through the top windows start clouding the place up. Eric whips out his switch blade and hops on his bloody re foot.
87) 0) text: Suddenly, from the back office, Zed sees Zoey blasting aw an Uzi and running toward the rear stairwell.  Eric is in lobby limping around.  The other gang members are ducking from her fire. Then, her clip runs out. She sees Zed, their eyes lock.  An IMAGE overcomes Zed. runs down the stairs to the back.
89) 0) text: Zoe is near tears.  She drops the empty machine gun to th floor and starts walking toward the sub lobby.
93) 0) text: Zoe walks up the stairs out, not only are they locked but cloud of tear gas is pouring into the downstairs sub lobb Suddenly, Zed stumbles in. Zed is like a zombie.  Then he notices Zoe in the stairwe They lock eyes.
93) 2) text: Zoe... She steps down into the sub lobby, machine guns crackle i the background.  She runs up to him just as he slumps to ground.
93) 3) dialog: (holding him)
93) 5) dialog: (trying to comfort him)
95) 0) text: Tear gas is starting to fill the room. Zoe stands Zed up.
95) 1) dialog: Listen to me.  We're going to lock  ourselves into one of the air tight  vaults...if any of them are still open. They start walking toward the reserve vault area.
97) 0) text: Zoey and Zed rush into the reserve vault area.  Zoey noti that the downstairs reserve vault is closed.
97) 1) dialog: Merde!  The vault has been closed.
97) 3) dialog: Listen...there's no gunfire. Zoey quietly opens the door opposite the vault that leads the rear stairs to the lobby level.
98) 0) text: Zoey peeks up the stairs just in time to see Oliver bolt the stairs.
99) 7) text: [Zoe, come here to me.] Zoey spits at him. Eric laughs and aims the gun at her.
100) 15) text: [Are you alright?] Zoey starts to cry.
101) 0) text: Zoey and Zed, bandaged up, are being aided by all of the  French policemen as they walk through the bank. Smoke is still clearing, but the bodies of customers and robbers alike litter the area. PARAMEDIC's, wearing all white, try to help the injured, assist Zed and Zoey.