60) 0) text: Pre-dawn: Eight black suburbans parked on the side street waiting. The doors of the first four open in-unison. 20 A suited SECURITY GUARDS exit. Al-Ghazi unlocks the door to the compound: the team stand dressed, waiting. CLOSE-UP: The Team steps out to see massive, organized security. From one of the vehicles exits a middle aged AMERICAN - sweating a bit, hanging back, watching. This is US Deputy Chief of Mission, the Embassy's second-in-command: DAMON SCHMIDT. Another 100 Security CONTRACTORS remain vigilant: SNIPERS roof-tops, in machine-gun nests. Schmidt approaches Fleury.
60) 5) text: Damon Schmidt. State Department. I'm in charge of getting you out of here. PRINCE BIN KHALED and his INNER-CIRCLE exit a Suburban an approach: All in traditional dress. The Prince locks eyes with Fleury. IN THE BG, forklifts rumble-hiss to life, placing Jersey barriers around the community center. SCHMIDT (CONT'D)
60) 9) text: We've invited American legal officials into our Kingdom despite current difficulties between the US and Islam. They will observe our advanced investigative techniques, offering helpful hints. (to Fleury in English) You will please honor me with your presence tonight at my home. (beat, a stunted nod) Yes. The Prince turns back to the convoy. Entire entourage follows. One of the Security Contractors catches the jack Janet hurls back at him, tosses it to Leavitt. Convoy gon The team turns: 100 glares again. Fleury blinks out the camera flashes, takes in all the eyeballs. Fleury looks up at a retreating Damon Schmidt. SCHMIDT
80) 12) text: What's a Raptor? Damon Schmidt appears.
81) 14) text: They're paranoid and overly self- protective. DAMON SCHMIDT
81) 15) text: They aren't protecting anyone. There's no conspiracy. They're just terrified. Finally. The Saudis have finally seen the Monsters they helped create, because those Monsters have come home. And if Saudis don't catch Saudi Monsters, that's the end. Fleury opens his mouth to interrupt. DAMON SCHMIDT (CONT'D)
81) 20) dialog: -you see the slums on the way in?
81) 22) dialog: See that even though their homes are falling down, they had satellite dishes bolted on?
81) 24) dialog: Everyone already knows you're here. Credit? If the Saudis cracked this Cell while these servants were pouring coffee, Al-Jazeera still leads the story with your Team.
81) 26) dialog: No-
81) 28) dialog: And the path to Hell is paved with good intentions.
81) 30) dialog: (genuine smile) Beats hell outta visa-stamping. (smile vanishing) (MORE)
81) 32) dialog: You're on an island. I hope you know how to get off.
81) 34) dialog: Then here's to you. Let's bet: when this Colonel Al-Ghazi comes out,                        he's in-charge of the investigation -if so, you set me up on a date with Janet Mayes.
82) 3) text: Do me a   favor and tell Janet that she and   Damon Schmidt got a date when he   gets back to the States. Al-Ghazi points into darkness...
109) 0) text: The Team sitting on the floor, below the window sills, aw from the holes and doors. Al-Ghazi standing, looking out window at the spectacle. Damon Schmidt steps in: sees dea bodies and goes ghost, almost collapses. Leavitt pops up, helps him sit.
109) 3) text: You really ought not look at this. DAMON SCHMIDT
109) 5) text: Don't stare too long. It'll start living in your dreams. Janet's voice causes Schmidt to immediately force composu DAMON SCHMIDT
109) 7) text: You do? (beat) How did you know we were here? DAMON SCHMIDT
109) 9) text: What Men? DAMON SCHMIDT
109) 10) text: Ask him. (beat) 3 vehicles will stay behind when the Prince and Press leave. You'll convoy straight to BA flights into Dulles -- last minute fares come out of your budget, by-the-by. Tried to swing upgrades, but check at the counter. Pissed, reproachful head-shakes. DAMON SCHMIDT (CONT'D)
109) 14) text: -Ellis Leach? DAMON SCHMIDT
109) 16) text: We didn't win shit, Schmidt. These are teenagers... children with pictures that someone far senior has provided them. DAMON SCHMIDT
109) 17) text: -kidding me? You mean those are Terrorist targets? Holy Wow. Momma, don't let your children grow up to be cowboys. (beat) Just get ready to go home and revel in the fact that for the next few weeks your shit won't stink. The phone rings that instant. Leavitt hands it up to Fleu Schmidt holds his hand up to Janet: high-five -- she give up slowly, warily, semi-charmed: DAMON SCHMIDT (CONT'D)