28) 29) text: Abu Hamza. Saudi Al-Qaeda. Bin- Laden-wanna-be. We know he was in Afghanistan, then moved to Iraq. Now he seems to have come home. He's clearly becoming increasingly active... ADAM LEAVITT
29) 0) text: COLONEL AL-GHAZI, Saudi Police, 45 years-old, mustache as thick as Sykes'. A firecracker-loud crack makes him flinc He stands in the back of the room, not participating in t interrogation. Just observing. Clearly not happy about wh he's observing. His POV: The Officer from the second Land Cruiser that ra the fake and killed those inside, Sergeant Haytham. slab- cuffed and being worked over hard buy a couple of thick- fisted SAUDIS.. Silent tears roll off his cheek, left ear split ghastly. A MAN standing far right of him beats him: firecracker sound again. Al-Ghazi looks away, biting his tongue. Obviously wants t over. In-charge of the interrogation: GENERAL ABDUL MALIK. He doesn't appear sadistic, but very determined to get the t from Sergeant Haytham by any means necessary. Those distinctions blur easily. Malik gives a `hold-up' signal. following exchange in Arabic:
38) 12) text: We're getting there, Sir. And I haven't even brought up the two girls still missing out of Houston. This is big. It is real. And I know you only care so much about public American opinion, Sir. But the story will be covered... Big... Thamer is clearly rattled. Fleury is starting to crack th man. RONALD FLEURY (CONT'D)
60) 10) text: Nice pictures. You guys ready to go home now? Dead eyes from Fleury. He's clearly not amused. SCHMIDT   (CONT'D)
66) 0) text: Fleury sits with the RIPONS: EARL (40s) JANINE, his wife (30s), and MADDY, Earl's mother (late 60s). Earl sits on ugly couch, a plywood sheet right above their heads. Ever uneasy save the CAT in Maddy's lap. Fleury waves off a bo of water from Janine. Al-Ghazi hovers awkwardly by the fr door.
66) 2) dialog: There's still a couple of hundred of us living on the compound.
66) 4) text: Why Saudi Arabia? A moment as Earl and Janine get a bit defensive: EARL
66) 7) text: And the jobs here pay twice what you'd make in Midland or the Gulf a' Mexico. Plus the house is free. Earl's mother Maddy looks at Fleury, pets the cat. JANINE RIPON
66) 17) dialog: -- the kids... they were screaming. That got me out of the house. Those kids.
66) 20) text: Not even the Men that did this should die in front a' their babies. Fleury lets moments pass. Earl rubs his wife's leg, tryin comfort her. Al-Ghazi hides emotion.
66) 22) dialog: Aaron.
77) 4) text: Look for yourself.                                     Al-Ghazi takes the camera from Fleury. He lines up the sa shots we saw posted on Leavitt's computer: clearly a matc This is where they shot the video AL-GHAZI                                    
87) 4) text: Could you tell me if you recognize any of these men? Fleury puts the three photographs down on the dining room table: not pretty pictures. Earl and Janine study the pho JANINE
87) 5) text: ...Horrible. A few moments, then: EARL
87) 7) text: I'm just wondering. That chair out side. Looks like it gets a lot of wear. Looks comfortable. EARL
87) 9) text: See, that's exactly what I was thinking. I'm guessing she spends a lot of time sitting outside? EARL
87) 11) text: She must pretty much see it all. Right? EARL
87) 13) text: Where is she? EARL
87) 32) dialog: Who is he? Fleury looks back to Earl.
92) 0) text: Fleury knocks at Aaron Jackson's door. A pause, the peep darkens. A longer pause, then the door opens. Aaron Jacks doesn't look any better. Same shirt. Packed boxes. Suit cases. Jackson is clearly getting out Dodge.
110) 13) text: Now...that's just unreasonable. Good Police work and problem drinking are like a chicken and egg thing: which enables the other? In the back, Al-Ghazi can't help a small smile either. Fleury's not into it. All business, pissed, clearly does want Pabst. RONALD FLEURY