34) 0) text: Fleury, Grace and Mayes enter. Handsomely decorated, expansive: a lifetime of notable handshakes framed in bla and white. The biggest is a picture of Young and Billy Gr that could be titled, `lucky for you, we have all the answers.' Gideon Young sits behind his Federalist-era oak desk: a marathoner's build, a smile too bright-perfect for his ag Two others in-attendance. A pear-shaped 54 year-old man w a Midwest-honest, ruddy-oval face: Ellis Leach, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs, Department of State And a 51 year-old Hispanic woman in conservative Chanel: enough femininity without diminishing toughness: Maricell Canavesio, Deputy National Security Advisor, White House
34) 2) dialog: They were early.
34) 4) dialog: I do.
34) 6) text: This is agent Janet Mayes, she's one of our Arabic experts. Janet stares at Young, looking mildly in over her head. GIDEON YOUNG
34) 8) text: Two suicide bombers. Rumors they were dressed as Saudi Police. We believe this is the work of Saudi terrorist named Abu Hamza. Young just stares at Fleury kind of odd like a kid starin a mushroom flavored Popsicle. GIDEON YOUNG
34) 11) text: My God. GIDEON YOUNG
34) 14) text: I'll go first if that's okay Maricella? (off her `yeah, sure' nod) First, I'm sorry about Fran Manner. Gideon Young remembers, nods along solemnly. DIRECTOR GRACE
34) 17) text: My two cents: The Saudis haven't asked for FBI help. Sounds like they've done just the opposite. If we force the issue, that could further anger an utterly important ally that shares a 1000-mile long border with Iraq. GIDEON YOUNG
34) 24) text: Sir, how would you imagine it looks viewed through an FBI agents eyes? GIDEON YOUNG
34) 26) text: I'm interested in how you think this situation is viewed through our eyes. Young, eyes on a Republican-gold Rolex, instantly perturb the meeting isn't ending. GIDEON YOUNG
34) 41) dialog: (chuckle)
55) 2) dialog: `Sunlight is indeed the most powerful disinfectant.
55) 6) text: Senators? Then I'd change `outmoded' to `outdated,' `echelons' to `ranks' and what in God's name is `contretemps?' These guys aren't the best and brightest- Young's face flashes red, seething: GIDEON YOUNG
55) 11) dialog: -you really want to bet? Grace snaps his ID badge off his lapel, puts it on the ta