28) 15) text: We're not seeing this kind of planning and execution anywhere else...these ain't hot-wired artillery shells waiting for Humvees to roll by. (pointing at the screens) These hits are coordinated: planning, timing, and big, broad- daylight balls- JANET MAYES
28) 17) text: Yes. At least the first parts of the attacks. Everyone smells it: that's big -- more proof these attack are being carried out by one, very skilled Terror Cell. JANET MAYES
28) 19) text: The Refinery... Ras Tenura Refinery. JANET MAYES
28) 33) dialog: They can't afford to appear as if they are losing any kind of control. They lose control over their country, their people...then they risk losing control over the oil. They won't let us in. No way. Fleury's P.O.V.: His open folder on the podium. A memo printed on Department of State letterhead. Pulls the memo reads it aloud, calm laced with rage.
33) 0) text: GRACE looks like a barrel-chested lineman. A four-man security detail behind. He and Ronald Fleury walk side-by side. Janet Mayes just behind them.
33) 12) dialog: I'll be fine.
34) 6) text: This is agent Janet Mayes, she's one of our Arabic experts. Janet stares at Young, looking mildly in over her head. GIDEON YOUNG
34) 32) text: To call this massacre an act of terrorism... that implies a specific political agenda. To me, these killings are so futile and unbalanced that they feel utterly sociopathic- more like Charles Manson than Osama Bin Laden... Fleury looks to Mayes. She clears her throat. Delivers th following with utter precision. JANET MAYES
34) 33) text: (beat, fuck it: Go) Al Qaeda lost the first phase of this war, so a new, zero-sum phase has begun: if you won't join us, we'll let loose the truly talented Murderers... Abu Hamza. He will kill so many of you that the resulting humiliation of the Saudi Royal Family will cause an exodus, a rebellion, both. Because the Royal Family simply cannot protect you or yours any longer. Fleury studies Janet with solid respect. He gives Janet a subtle nod: "Nice work." RONALD FLEURY
34) 34) text: When she says talented, she's not talking about the walking-bombs who can sneak past any and all security, nor the hi-jackers tough enough to take an airliner. We're talking about the Man who teaches them how... JANET MAYES
35) 0) text: Janet, Fleury and Grace walking the rows of seven-foot br soldiers. Street-cart hotdogs from foil wrappers.
35) 13) text: Few more moves and it's Total War, Ronnie. The only time Treason is palatable is when it's done righteously and completely... Fleury digesting Grace's words: moments pass. Then he loo to Janet. JANET MAYES
45) 4) text: Celebrated graduation at the IHOP in-town until some Townie called Janet something...Something not very nice. Townie didn't see Fran coming outta the Head. But he definitely felt Fran's uppercut shatter his jaw.
45) 10) text: (beat) What did SAC Fleury whisper in your ear this morning? JANET MAYES
46) 0) text: Silent. Just the lull of jet engines. The big, long borin just beginning. Janet and Leavitt play Scrabble. Sykes sits nearby. Fleur sits up front, wide awake.
46) 8) dialog: I'll be looked at with what I can only describe as disdain, pretty much the entire time we're on the ground... kind of like South Virginia.
46) 10) dialog: It's a very confused culture. Extremely religious. Had nothing; wanted nothing. Sixty years ago, they hit oil. Simple religious men become trillionaires... a schizophrenic nation is born. The royal family, who we back, and everyone else. Intercut with the Scrabble.
53) 0) text: The cargo door locks into place on Saudi tarmac. Fleury a the Team outside the plane now, bags dropped at their fee 90 degrees even this late. Look-up: light washing over a small, formal Saudi military team in front of two caskets draped in American flags, and a small convoy of bullet-pr black Suburbans. Adam Leavitt will never forget this firs glimpse of Saudi Arabia: surreal. Tears in Janet's eyes a she glimpses the caskets. Colonel Al-Ghazi steps up, offers his hand to Fleury. Fle and Al-Ghazi shake:
53) 7) dialog: We brought our own. The crew hits their bags, pulls out their vests. Another OFFICER checks each team member's FBI badge and passport. Stops at Leavitt's: an Israeli stamp on his passport. Leavitt's quick:
54) 1) dialog: (whispering to Leavitt)
54) 4) dialog: --Shhhh....
54) 12) text: (loses his smile) Yes. But your team cannot work nights. Janet looks to Leavitt, then Fleury: `what did he say?' Fleury looks to Sykes, `Keep going...' GRANT SYKES
57) 2) dialog: That's one of the great horrors of television: Crime scene manipulation. They say a TV camera adds pounds to actresses. Isn't that what they say?
57) 4) dialog: That is what they say. Doesn't add to crime scenes. Television cameras shrink them. Misrepresent. No smells. Poor sound. Limited view. TV always makes them look smaller. You can't feel the hatred on television. TIGHT ON FLEURY: Quiet and focused, taking everything in.
58) 0) text: Two more security perimeters of SANG surround the Communi Center: blinding portable lights, heavy machine guns moun in the backs of Humvees track the convoy as it comes to a stop: every troop on-guard. The Team tentatively exits: 1 pairs of glares from heavily-armed SANG. Soldiers descend on the Teams' bags, paletts of equipment Long leers at Janet: not so much `sexual' as `wary.' Jane goes for her own bag. Haytham goes for it at the same tim Their hands accidently touch. Haytham pulls back fast, embarrassed.
58) 1) dialog: 
59) 7) text: That's against fire code. JANET MAYES
59) 9) text: (smiling) You alright, girl? JANET MAYES
59) 11) text: Just asking... JANET MAYES
60) 6) text: Don't let go of his hand first. Major disrespect. One of the inner-circle, without a word, takes off the FB emblazoned windbreaker worn by Leavitt and places it on a short-sleeved Janet. Careful not to touch skin. Only then does Prince Bin Khaled approach. A lone PHOTOGRAPHER follows: snapping pictures. Different definitions of personal space: four inches separation as Khaled greets each Team member in accented English. Janet last: the pictures suddenly stop. The Prince gives a litt curtsy, no words, steps back to Fleury: the pictures re- start. Bin Khaled holds Fleury's hand sixth-grade boyfrie style. PRINCE BIN KHALED
60) 9) text: We've invited American legal officials into our Kingdom despite current difficulties between the US and Islam. They will observe our advanced investigative techniques, offering helpful hints. (to Fleury in English) You will please honor me with your presence tonight at my home. (beat, a stunted nod) Yes. The Prince turns back to the convoy. Entire entourage follows. One of the Security Contractors catches the jack Janet hurls back at him, tosses it to Leavitt. Convoy gon The team turns: 100 glares again. Fleury blinks out the camera flashes, takes in all the eyeballs. Fleury looks up at a retreating Damon Schmidt. SCHMIDT
63) 3) dialog: Good.
63) 6) dialog: Check.
63) 8) dialog: Bueno. Fleury with Sykes still standing in the same spot. Looks Al-Ghazi coming into the building. Fleury ready to vent u something surprises him: breathless, Al-Ghazi has broken wide-sweat hustling back to the Americans. Fleury's face relaxes. He pulls a bottle of water out of a cooler, hand it to Al-Ghazi.
69) 1) dialog: He or she almost made it. Fleury steps, looks inside: blood and safety glass coat t seat. Janet points to keys in the ignition: still at the position. Then the stick-shift, pulled to the back right: reverse. The shift-knob bloody...
69) 2) dialog: (beat, quieter)
71) 18) dialog: Good news is that if he shoots you, he's gonna shoot you sitting on an American tank... with an American- made bullet. So, it's kind of "all in the family."
72) 7) dialog: The same Mosque is enough to identify them, link them to a cell?
72) 28) text: Janet, wanna play hoops?
73) 0) text: We're in the big gym as our team sits and waits. Leavitt on a laptop. Janet shoots free throws by herself.
73) 1) dialog: This is the kind of radical circumstance that could have seriously upped Shaq's free throw percentages. Take a man. Ship him off to Riyadh. No phones, constant threat of death, no girls, no hip hop. Nothing... just free throws. Shaq, he'd be shooting at least seventy percent. Lakers would still be together. Kobe and Shaq lovers forever. Leavitt calls to Fleury.
76) 7) text: -report me then when you get in- touch with the General- -Officer reaches down from nowhere and hammers Al-Ghazi o handed as Al-Ghazi tries to step past. Collective shock. In that breath, Haytham punishes the Officer with a left- cross: knees buckle before he comprehends what hit him. Haytham's kick follows, catches the Officer in the sternu he hits ground. Al-Ghazi shakes it out, trades blows with the SANG second command. Leavitt moves, catches a rifle butt to the shoulder after steps. Fleury aims, drills the Soldier that butted Leavit instant night-night. Another SANG steps up. Fleury throat him, knee caps him, and grabs his weapon before the dude the ground. Fleury can obviously fight... all the above happens in fo seconds. Then, a `knock-it-off' gunshot aimed at the sky pops one- from Janet's head. We hear what she hears: one half-secon the shot, then the big ring. On her knees immediately, ha over her ear. In response: heavy-caliber gunfire flies: g flinch-n-crouch. The warning shots from a .50-caliber mou on a Humvee racing this way from Al-Rahmah: dust plumes f the speed. Members of the security detail and the Special Forces go Mexican stand-off. JANET MAYES
77) 18) text: Miss Mayes will not attend this evening. Men only. Fleury looks over to Janet. Hurt, yet extremely defiant, looks ready to attack anything that comes near her.
82) 3) text: Do me a   favor and tell Janet that she and   Damon Schmidt got a date when he   gets back to the States. Al-Ghazi points into darkness...
90) 0) text: Janet and Haytham approach a 2000 square-foot M.A.S.H. Te attached to refrigeration units.
91) 0) text: The Muslim dead wrapped in white linen according to the Sunna. Western bodies lie separated from Arabs. A Saudi TECHNICIAN blankly hands Janet and Haytham lab coats to c the cold. Three Police OFFICERS in the tent with them: Watching Janet. Haytham is looking uncomfortable as if he is embarrassed be seen with the American woman.
95) 0) text: Janet stands with the Saudi Pathologist. She prepares to a fingerprint from a body. As the moves in to touch the A hand, one of the GUARDS unloads in her direction - a full guttural Arabic assault. No idea what he's saying, but it obvious he's furious. Haytham starts firing back. This is un-translated argument. We sense that the guard is doing than expressing his displeasure regarding Janet. This see to be personal. Janet's getting very nervous. A frighteni display. Then, Haytham turns:
95) 2) dialog: No problem. Can I still touch Americans?
97) 0) text: A glazed Haytham works with a Pathologist on the Muslim bodies. Their own collection of foreign objects. Janet pu free 1/2 of a marble from a burrowed hole: explains the shards of colored glass. Cleans it in saline, holds it up the light. We stare at it with her. Janet begins piecing together glass shards - reconstructi MARBLE.
105) 2) dialog: Sykes, I'm guessing you don't even remember how to load your gun.
105) 6) dialog: I'm sure. Haytham hands Al-Ghazi a walkie-talkie, in Arabic:
107) 4) dialog: (distracted)
107) 7) dialog: Yes.
107) 9) dialog: Yeah.
107) 11) dialog: Sure.
107) 19) text: The entire Diplomatic Quarter is being retro-fitted to sustain bigger bomb blasts. Janet pops her head in: JANET MAYES
107) 23) dialog: We're out of here.
109) 4) text: (pointing at the dead) That fella got shot right through his God damn nipple... JANET MAYES
109) 5) text: Don't stare too long. It'll start living in your dreams. Janet's voice causes Schmidt to immediately force composu DAMON SCHMIDT
109) 17) text: -kidding me? You mean those are Terrorist targets? Holy Wow. Momma, don't let your children grow up to be cowboys. (beat) Just get ready to go home and revel in the fact that for the next few weeks your shit won't stink. The phone rings that instant. Leavitt hands it up to Fleu Schmidt holds his hand up to Janet: high-five -- she give up slowly, warily, semi-charmed: DAMON SCHMIDT (CONT'D)
109) 18) text: (to Janet) Double or nothing that's a congratulatory call. RONALD FLEURY
110) 7) dialog: -Pabst?
114) 7) dialog: (panicked)
115) 7) text: Hands up -- you're gonna fall- Sykes still does, ugly. Fleury and Janet rip him free of Suburban. Haytham's pulling shotguns, handguns, ammo from the flipp vehicle. Haytham pointing ahead, to the fading roster-tai In Arabic: SERGEANT HAYTHAM
115) 8) text: They're going to disappear... Desperate, Fleury looks in the direction of the fleeing Suburban: the rooster-tail it leaves getting smaller. Al- Ghazi nods, swings his head to thesnarled/wrecked highway traffic. PEOPLE hesitantly step toward uniforms they trus instinct. Haytham dumps the pile of weapons at the Team's feet, re-loads his 9MM. Janet ties a half-assed tournique around Sykes' reminder of an arm. Al-Ghazi steps toward the approaching crowd: they see his state, his gun, and turn back: panic starts to infect the larger mass, then the topper- -AUTOMATIC GUNFIRE from somewhere. Glass-dirt-metal burst around us: this attack is still going. Fleury looks up: just the roof of an old Mercedes on the median, dirt kicked up behind them, running behind lines stopped-wrecked traffic now. The barrel of a rifle held h out the window like a taunt. Accelerating for another ope to finish the job. Scared motorists devolve into terrified motorists. Many h abandoned their vehicles to sprint into the desert, the r go smash-'em-up derby-folly: 50 panicked drivers aiming f the same spots. Fleury snatches an M4A1 from the stack dropped by Haytham, up to his shoulder, hustling toward t next break in traffic. The Mercedes is approaching at 80 RONALD FLEURY
115) 14) text: You know Suweidi -- you know how to go fast. Fleury helps Sykes into the rear. Janet loads the weapons Jump in. The Land Rover spits it's own tell-tale plume as it sprin away down the median, dodging traffic, in desperate pursu Startling silence comes sudden now as the fight moves elsewhere. Receding engines. Petering screams/shouts.
117) 0) text: Janet's sitting with Sykes in the rear, readying weapons ammo. She hands him twin Berettas - Sykes' double-fisting despite his wound, looking forward to a fight.
124) 0) text: Haytham crouches in front of the Land Cruiser. Rocks thro now from somewhere: KIDS peeking from behind shacks Palestinian-style. He's pelted in the side of the head. Janet and Sykes move to a stopped vehicle and take cover. From the rooftop, Fleury yells down to the men on the gro
129) 4) dialog: I do not like these people.                             
130) 0) text: The puddle of blood, a trail leading under the door. The front wall/window/entrance of the next apartment down, st smoldering from Fleury's grenade. No sounds, words. Our t fingers on triggers, weapons to shoulders, sights-aligned Ten feet back. Shoulders already flexed with tension, expecting a suicidal blast at any moment. Janet grabs ano grenade, moves to secure the hallway.
131) 1) dialog: 
132) 0) text: Huge Man ATTACKS Janet. Vicious hand to hand blows. Still tied, Leavitt does what he can, kicking at the attacker. Adrenaline morphs Janet from scared and out-sized to desperate and equally vicious. This is SAVING PRIVATE RYA shit with Leavitt as the observer. He's no coward - he's doing everything he can. Huge Man overtakes Janet, slow-choking her... she's gaspi dying... Janet has a knife out and is shredding the big m back right thigh and ass. BOTH SCREAMING. From nowhere, Fleury ends the fight with a butt-end baseball-swing of t shot gun to Huge Man's head. Janet: fucked up, but alive.
132) 1) dialog: (to Leavitt)
132) 2) text: Sykes is going to kick your ass.                       Al-Ghazi follows Fleury into the room. Leaning to Janet, Fleury sees Leavitt, puts his hand on his head. Leavitt's somewhere else, tears in his eyes, just taking deep, meas breaths.
132) 5) dialog: It's okay Little One.
133) 0) text: Hustle cautious into the apartment. Haytham stands in the room already: the muzzle of his AK still smoking, held on man down. The other occupants of the room are a cowering FAMILY: KIDS and a couple of real OLD FOLKS, all terrifie little boy cries by himself, huddled in a corner. The collateral damage of random violence. Janet quick scans t room. LOCKS EYES on the traumatized little boy, his innoc draining as she watches. Can't take her eyes away.
136) 0) text: Our crew watch from a deserted terminal as a C-130 touche down. Haytham enters: came to say good-bye. The team's first sm -- collective. Fleury stares at Haytham...thinks about wh he's seen the past few days...how he has come to admire t Kid. Haytham smiling, bandaged himself. Halting and awkwa he shakes Janet's hand.
136) 3) dialog: Thank you, Lieutenant Haytham.                          Haytham says good bye to Leavitt and Sykes. Comes to Fleu Hands him a beautiful wooden prayer bead necklace.
137) 0) text: Fleury, Sykes, Leavitt and Janet sit around Janet's cubic Bandages, awkward silences, and 1000-yard stares. Subpoen stacked on the corner of Janet's desk. Leavitt quiet, obviously fucked up. Grace approaches.
137) 6) text: What did he whisper to you?                              Confusion from Janet.
139) 2) dialog: (reluctantly)                                      