49) 1) dialog: Four FBI Agents will be allowed to land at Prince Sultan Air Base this evening. Al-Ghazi: more than mild shock.
49) 2) dialog: General Abdul-Malik, Chief of Investigative Services for the National Guard has been put in- charge of solving this crime. Clearly not sitting well with Al-Ghazi.
49) 5) dialog: Attackers wore YOUR uniform. Police Uniforms. Some of your men may have been involved with this Cell, may still be involved. You're lucky to have a role at all. Al-Ghazi silent. The Prince pulls an anti-acid tablet, pu it in his mouth: that's why his tongue is chalk-white.
49) 6) dialog: And your role will be critically important: make sure the Americans leave our country as alive as when they arrive. Five days they will be our guests. Understood?
60) 5) text: Damon Schmidt. State Department. I'm in charge of getting you out of here. PRINCE BIN KHALED and his INNER-CIRCLE exit a Suburban an approach: All in traditional dress. The Prince locks eyes with Fleury. IN THE BG, forklifts rumble-hiss to life, placing Jersey barriers around the community center. SCHMIDT (CONT'D)
60) 6) text: Don't let go of his hand first. Major disrespect. One of the inner-circle, without a word, takes off the FB emblazoned windbreaker worn by Leavitt and places it on a short-sleeved Janet. Careful not to touch skin. Only then does Prince Bin Khaled approach. A lone PHOTOGRAPHER follows: snapping pictures. Different definitions of personal space: four inches separation as Khaled greets each Team member in accented English. Janet last: the pictures suddenly stop. The Prince gives a litt curtsy, no words, steps back to Fleury: the pictures re- start. Bin Khaled holds Fleury's hand sixth-grade boyfrie style. PRINCE BIN KHALED
81) 1) dialog: His talons slice bone.
81) 5) text: I do. PRINCE BIN KHALED
108) 0) text: Prince Bin Khaled touring the scene: reporters, photographers, his personal top-line security detail: the business suits and boots, the special ops M-4s. All on ed to be in a Saudi neighborhood. Rahman, looking like he ne sleep and vitamins. Lecturing in Arabic:
108) 1) dialog: Only in death will our enemies realize Allah never permits defiance of his almighty will. Damon Schmidt trailing behind the Prince's detail. The Pr locks Al-Ghazi with a mad-dog stare in-between lesson poi One of the Prince's inner-circle heads straight for Al-Gh in Arabic: