34) 16) text: I met with Prince Thamer at the Saudi embassy fifteen minutes after I heard this morning's news. After speaking with Thamer, I advised we withhold additional US personnel because a big part of the religious justification for these bombs is the presence of current US personnel. More boots on Saudi soil make an already combustible situation more so. I know that's not the answer you want, but... Motions to Maricella: the floor is yours. MARICELLA CANAVESIO
38) 0) text: A big bodyguard sits up front. Fleury sits in back, aims AC vents his way. Prince Thamer sits next to him. Bright lights from the trail suburban illuminate the interior. Prince Thamer looks more than a bit baffled.
38) 2) dialog: I had an interesting conversation with a reporter from the Post.
38) 4) dialog: What kind of cooperation??
38) 6) dialog: Next month would be as soon as... Fleury takes a beat.
38) 8) dialog: My family is not decaying-
38) 10) text: And then we bring the hammer down hard as hell: Bust Al Haramain - we got direct links from Riyadh - two wives donating ten million to three Arab-American cultural centers in Boston. Then what gets kind of not- funny is how some of that cash found its way to Jakarta and some Mosques that have these training camps built right next to them. It's kinda funny... you got little kids playing over here, and some not so little kids playing with guns over here. That's kinda odd. PRINCE THAMER
38) 13) text: And this ain't the Metro section. It's above the fold, just below the date. Words like these get syndicated to papers like the Omaha World-Herald, The Terrell Tribune -- You ever been to Terrell, Texas? PRINCE THAMER
38) 17) dialog: Define "immediately."
39) 1) dialog: (trying to maintain cool)
39) 4) dialog: -even 25 more armed Americans could spark rebellion-
39) 6) dialog: Saudi Security. That's non negotiable. You cannot bring guns into the Kingdom.
39) 8) dialog: They would be hand picked.
39) 11) dialog: Mine. Fleury blinks.
39) 12) dialog: Trust me...that's the only hope of this happening.
39) 14) dialog: Cool it with the John Wayne, Mr. Fleury. Fleury just stares.
39) 15) dialog: You can have a week-
39) 17) dialog: Work week. Five days. No guns. Hands shake.