4) 0) text: Sounds from the softball game much louder now, just over walls. Security perimeters two checkpoints deep before yo get to the main gate. A maze of concrete Jersey-barriers slow all entering vehicles: give machine-gun emplacements flanking the entrance plenty of time to shred those vehic if need be. Middle-Eastern Police platoons. 500 lbs. lift gates to dissuade any vehicle that just tries to ram thro SERGEANT HAYTHAM: a lean, 27 year-old Middle-Eastern Policeman in-command of the Entrance. Sweats through his uniform. A late-model Range Rover with blacked-out window queues up. All the windows roll down: just a single, port White WOMAN behind the wheel, her INFANT CHILD in a car-s in front. Two other Uniformed Officers mirror-scan the bo of the Rover. A brief exchange, as Haytham checks his ID:
12) 1) dialog: 
12) 3) dialog: 
20) 0) text: -another Police Land Cruiser from nowhere hammers their Driver's side. Vicious. The Passenger is launched out his window, head-first into the curb. Both vehicles smoke- screech. Momentary pause after the a massive collision. Then Sergeant Haytham, 9MM in-hand, falls from the Second Land Cruiser. Stalks bloody to the Passenger side of the jacked Land Cruiser still slowly rolling backwards, leaki all it's vital fluids, it's snapped drive-shaft leaving a groove in the pavement. And Sergeant Haytham empties his into the interior while walking along side. The Officer Haytham told to 'move,' rips himself from the Passenger's side of their vehicle, bleeding profusely, screaming something unintelligible into his handheld radi
29) 0) text: COLONEL AL-GHAZI, Saudi Police, 45 years-old, mustache as thick as Sykes'. A firecracker-loud crack makes him flinc He stands in the back of the room, not participating in t interrogation. Just observing. Clearly not happy about wh he's observing. His POV: The Officer from the second Land Cruiser that ra the fake and killed those inside, Sergeant Haytham. slab- cuffed and being worked over hard buy a couple of thick- fisted SAUDIS.. Silent tears roll off his cheek, left ear split ghastly. A MAN standing far right of him beats him: firecracker sound again. Al-Ghazi looks away, biting his tongue. Obviously wants t over. In-charge of the interrogation: GENERAL ABDUL MALIK. He doesn't appear sadistic, but very determined to get the t from Sergeant Haytham by any means necessary. Those distinctions blur easily. Malik gives a `hold-up' signal. following exchange in Arabic:
29) 2) dialog: Killing those I saw responsible.
29) 4) dialog: (puzzled, angry)
29) 7) dialog: -that is not a crime-
29) 9) dialog: It's not.
29) 11) text: Do you know Abu Hamza? SERGEANT HAYTHAM
29) 13) text: Your brother was killed fighting the Americans. True or false? SERGEANT HAYTHAM
29) 15) text: Your brother-- SERGEANT HAYTHAM
29) 19) text: We found six more uniforms than you were assigned in your possession -- that is a crime: especially when you consider the Attackers wore our Uniform... Another nod, another crack. Al-Ghazi, flinching, becomes alert. SERGEANT HAYTHAM
29) 21) text: Truth! SERGEANT HAYTHAM
29) 25) dialog: -then look at my jackets. Please. Permanent stains...no matter how many times they're cleaned... Colonel Al-Ghazi grimacing now, leaves the room.
41) 4) dialog: You haven't heard about the attack?
41) 6) dialog: (beat)
71) 5) text: (to Fleury) This vehicle was stolen. Two drivers murdered. A team outside the blast-radius...shooting at anything. Everyone. (beat) Sergeant Haytham ended this part. ADAM LEAVITT
71) 6) text: (to Al-Ghazi) Are the Shooters in-custody- SERGEANT HAYTHAM
71) 7) text: -dead. So Sergeant Haytham speaks English... FLEURY
71) 8) text: Were any of these shooters your men? SERGEANT HAYTHAM
71) 14) dialog: -- they were. They were Police.
94) 6) text: Sergeant Haytham! Inside the crater: water-level down to the ankles. Three Saudis dig around what looks to be one of the dualie-styl back tires. Re-positioning to get a better grip, Sykes notices the top of what looks to be a sizeable, ragged ho still mostly submerged. Pointing:
103) 2) dialog: Driven in at an angle... go deeper... Another gouge of earth: 4 feet. Nothing. Grant sits back.
103) 4) dialog: (to Sykes)
103) 8) dialog: Yes.
115) 7) text: Hands up -- you're gonna fall- Sykes still does, ugly. Fleury and Janet rip him free of Suburban. Haytham's pulling shotguns, handguns, ammo from the flipp vehicle. Haytham pointing ahead, to the fading roster-tai In Arabic: SERGEANT HAYTHAM