48) 6) text: I felt abandoned. God stopped talking to me. I stopped talking to him. So I got on with life. I had Amalia. future. Through the whirl I had a job. I hada of limbs comes the 19 year old Bergoglio with his girlfriend - Amalia. They are superb dancers, an their moves are replete with passion, drama, technical prowess, cédigos and yeta, and milonga, their bodies arch away from each other but contacting at the hip. Hot stuff They steal the show and then move to the shadows.
48) 7) dialog: I don’t date bouncers. Nothing but trouble.
48) 9) dialog: Oh! So, you’re a scientist now?!
48) 11) dialog: What are you doing?
48) 14) dialog: Yo no salgo con gente de la noche. S6lo traen problemas.
48) 16) dialog: Ah! Entonces ahora sos un cientifico...
48) 18) dialog: éQué estas haciendo?
48) 21) dialog: Stop. What are you ...
48) 22) dialog: Parad... éQué estas--- 48 +. and produces as if by magic a ring. She beams.
50) 0) text: BERGOGLIO, dressed in his best clothes, stops to buy YELL ROSES from a stall in front of the basilica. As he passes the Church, he hears music playing. That’s o 50 INT. AMALIA’S BEDROOM (1955) - EVENING AMALIA gets herself ready for JORGE, pulling on a pretty dress. Putting on make-up. Her Mother puts a flower in AMALIA’s HAIR, and then nods, approving, excited. She kno what’s going on.
54) 0) text: Young Bergoglio, holding his bunch of roses, sits waiting Amalia. He sees her coming towards him with her chaperone girl her own age). She smiles. He smiles back. But awkwar The chaperone moves aside as he walks towards her. We pull back and watch them approach each other like two dancers. He offers her the flowers. She takes them. They each other as though about to dance. But then she turns f him and starts to walk away. He stands and watches. We ar watching the choreography of break-up. As she walks away, she looks back one last time. He watches as she lets the flowers drop to the floor as s walks off. Only when she is out of sight does he turn awa alone and forlorn.