2) 0) text: CARDINAL Joseph RATZINGER (77), (soft spoken, a natural recluse) is walking along a corridor accompanied by his trusted assistant/PA - Paolo. Paolo has a set of flash cards - a photo on one side and information on the back. As they walk he shows them - car by card - to Ratzinger, who responds by identifying the people in the photograph - he always gets it right ...the speak in Italian.
6) 3) text: Footage of the Saint Peter Basilica - The Cardinals - including Bergoglio and a few others who will meet later ranged in front of the coffin in their red robes. End on the plain, simple coffin of John Paul II standing display in the midst of all this. A wind blows turning th pages of the bible on the coffin.
7) 0) text: As the Cardinals filter across the square, some are grabb for interview by TV crews, others greet old friends warml
8) 0) text: One group of cardinals finds time to banter quietly on th way in. They are Bergoglio, Turkson (warm, intellectual Ghanaian), and Hummes (Brazilian). They banter in English the lingua franca.
10) 0) text: Before the Conclave starts the Cardinals gather at the Cu to talk to each other. Several groups are formed. It feel like the coffee break at a corporate convention. As they do so, they pass Ratzinger, who is deep in conversation with the elegant, austere, conservative Arin But even as he is having this philosophical discussion, Ratzinger greets each passing cardinal by name.
10) 5) text: It would be better if it was someone from outside Europe. Is Martini lobbying Bergoglio? Ratzinger comes to the group where Bergoglio is. He’s bee greeting all the Cardinals one by one. Turkson first.
11) 2) text: Cardinals climbing the majestic stairs, crossing the lobb Swiss guards line their way as they head towards the door the Sistine Chapel. EXT. ST. PETER’S SQUARE (2005) - DAY The square is full of people watching the pageantry on bi screens, telling their rosary beads, holding their breath
12) 0) text: CLOSE ON: A BIG KEY locking the door to the CHAPEL. The s of the key turning and then silence. We see the last few cardinals going to their places.
13) 0) text: A scrutineer calls a cardinal by name. He stands up, walk the length of the chapel, hands over his vote, walks back his place. We see cardinal after cardinal go up, vote and sit down - a kind of ritual choreography. Until it stops.
14) 0) text: The cardinals are queueing at the buffet. Pick up on Ratzinger talking to a cardinal. He’ll make th same speech - discreetly - to one cardinal after another during the lunch break. The dialogue is continuous, but t lines will be repeated in four different situations. At t buffet, seated, standing in a corner with three African Cardinals, talking to a table full of Asian Cardinals.
14) 2) dialog: A mobile phone? 14
15) 0) text: That timeless choreography of cardinals going up one by o to vote. And of votes being counted. The results of the second vote are announced. Bergoglio i still in there. His vote has slightly increased.
17) 0) text: The cardinals are filing out, ready to be shown into a cavalcade of mini-buses. PICK UP ON Bergoglio stepping back to let another cardina get on the bus ahead of him. As he does so, Arinze - who heading for a different mini-bus - pauses and says someth to him discreetly.
18) 0) text: The bus load of cardinals - including Bergoglio - drives round to the St. Marta. There’s a matey, male atmosphere. Hummes, Bergoglio and others in the back of a minibus. Hu whispers in Bergoglio’s ear.
19) 0) text: Hummes and Bergoglio are collecting their coffee and roll Hummes is telling him what happened. On a nearby table a group of cardinals are conversing. A couple of them have copies of the dossier with them. Some them glance discretely look at Bergoglio.
20) 0) text: Back to the choreography of cardinals walking up to vote. Their votes are handed over. They are counted. 18 EXT. ST. PETER’S SQUARE (2005) - DAY Back to that stove-pipe chimney but this time the chimney in the foreground, and the crowd is the background. A puf smoke.
37) 22) text: Latin is useful. Especially when I have to announce bad news to Cardinals. Only 20% become angry as only 20% know what I have said. I’m sorry to have kept you waiting. I know you value punctuality.
104) 0) text: A routine canonization service. 60 Elderly bishops and cardinals are half asleep while Ratzinger reads from a prepared speech.
104) 3) text: Wait. This can’t be right. Excuse me ... He looks at the next cardinal.
104) 4) dialog: Excuse me did I hear correctly? Did I translate this right? The Pope keeps talking.
105) 2) text: He did it in Latin! He always makes difficult announcements in Latin so that only a few of the cardinals will understand ...
107) 1) text: The CARDINALS file up to the CHALICE to cast their vote. ANGLE ON: a reluctant-looking BERGOGLIO, sitting there, looking very weighed down, dazed, fearful of election. Beside him sits the ARCHBISHOP HUMMES, an old friend, who pats BERGOGLIO on the leg. BERGOGLIO would like to smile can’t. The first two SCRUTINEERS read the ballots silently and m them on a TALLY...and then pass the ballot to - the THIRD SCRUTINEER, who calls out the name.
107) 6) text: SMOKE! SMOKE! It’s white! We hear the hubbub, outside, of the vast CROWD. Guarding doors to the balcony are TWO SWISS GUARDS. THREE sets of PAPAL ROBES, of three different sizes, and sets of RED SHOES, await the new Pope. Enter, the PROTODEACON (Cardinal Jean Louis Tauran)... ...the GUARDS open the doors to the famous balcony, and Tauran steps outside - to a huge roar (OFF) before the do are closed again. We thereafter hear his speech (OFF- STAGE)...
115) 12) text: Bergoglio dressed in white is in the mini-van with other cardinals.