49) 0) text: Young Bergoglio hands a sheaf of papers to Esther. She sc them.
49) 1) dialog: These results are the same as last time.
49) 3) dialog: No. I mean these are EXACTLY the same. You haven’t re-done the experiment. How many times do I have to tell you, we test, test and test again. We live or die by facts. Facts are ... you’ve hada haircut.
49) 5) dialog: Son los mismos resultados de la Gltima vez.
49) 7) dialog: Quiero decir que son exactamente los mismos resultados. No repetiste el experimento. éCudntas veces te lo tengo que decir? Tenemos que probar, probar y probar de nuevo... Vivimos o morimos por los hechos. Los hechos son--- (se interrumpe, algo le llama la atencién) Te cortaste el pelo.
49) 9) dialog: And you're wearing your best shirt.
49) 11) dialog: You're finally going to ask her.
49) 13) dialog: Y te pusiste tu mejor camisa.
49) 15) dialog: iPor fin te decidiste! iLe vas a proponer casamiento!
49) 19) dialog: So you finally decided that you're not going to be a priest.
49) 21) dialog: What took you so long?
49) 23) dialog: The last thing this country needs is more priests. Go. I’1l re-do the tests. But don’t ever try to short- change me again. OK?
49) 24) dialog: No. Es una deduccién.
49) 26) dialog: Finalmente decidiste que no vas a ser cura!
49) 28) dialog: Porqué tardaste tanto?
49) 30) dialog: Lo Gltimo que necesita este pais es otro cura. Anda. Yo me encargo de hacer las pruebas de nuevo... iPero no vuelvas a engatusarme nunca mas!
49) 32) dialog: And Jorge - fix your hair. Y, Jorge..., arreglate ese pelo!
74) 11) text: Footage of disappeared and the mothers of Plaza de Mayo. Esther is in the crowd being interviewed.
74) 12) dialog: Somos Argentinas, vivimos en Argentina, lo que podemos asegurar es que hay miles y miles de madres sufriendo mucha angustia, mucho dolor, mucha desesperacién. Sd6lo queremos saber dénde estan nuestros hijos. Vivos o muertos.
74) 16) dialog: All of them? Todos?
74) 18) dialog: How do you know that they are Como sabés que me estan watching me? vigilando? Bergoglio opens a news paper in which Astiz is seen among mothers protesting. Esther's face turns ashen white. She looks as though she been hit. 80
74) 20) dialog: Do you know him? What are you doing? Why don’t you speak out!?
74) 24) dialog: Lo conoces? Y que estas haciendo aca? Porque’ no salis a hablar!?
74) 26) text: I took her books away for safekeeping. Marx, Gramsci, Guevara... Esther’s Daugther is arrested inside a bus and dragged to paramilitar car. PICK UP ON a young woman, weeks later, walking into the f It’s Esther’s daughter. She is pregnant
83) 0) text: The scream of aero-engines. Esther’s hand is grabbed by a naval officer and stretched out to its length. Another officer injects her with something. She is struggling but injection makes her stop. WIDE: TWO OTHER WOMEN are being unshackled. They have all been drugged. The DOORS on the AIRCRAFT are then SLID OPEN, and we see the PLANE is flying over Ocean. One by one the WOMEN are flung to their deaths. They do n resist. Cannot resist. Finally it’s Esther’s turn. She is pulled to the edge. And then thrown out into the sea.