33) 0) text: The POPE’s Summer Retreat. The LIMO arrives and enters th gate. Evidence everywhere of wealth, and power. INT. POPE’S OFFICE/CASTEL GANDOLFO (2012) - DAY TRACK IN on: Ratzinger (now Pope Benedict), from behind, he looks out of the window at the arriving Limo. A nun go to greet the limo and welcome the guest. Behind him his new assistant - Roberto - is on the phone. can just about overhear...
34) 0) text: A NUN leads Bergoglio into a stunning, formal, immaculate manicured garden. Fountains bubble. Birds sing. Topiary c elegant shadows.
34) 1) dialog: His Holiness will join you shortly. Bergoglio chooses a stone bench upon which to sit. He wai looks at his watch.
34) 3) dialog: No. First time. The servant returns with an umbrella. 28
34) 5) dialog: In Rome, one never knows what will happen next. The servant goes. Bergoglio looks up at the sky, takes ou his breviary and starts to pray.
43) 0) text: At the door where she greeted him earlier, the nun is wai holding his briefcase.
43) 1) dialog: The Holy Father has retired now until dinner. I’m to show you your room.
44) 0) text: Bergoglio is following the nun along the intimidating corridors. He’s not happy here. The nun shows him a room.
44) 2) dialog: Oh. I almost forgot. A message from your assistant in Buenos Aires ... She hands him a piece of paper. He unfolds it, troubled. She shows him to his room. As he goes into his room... 43
45) 0) text: Bergoglio comes downstairs. He’s lost until the same nun spots him and summons him. She shows him to the dining ro The nun shows him to his place. He’s surprised to see the table is only set for one.
45) 2) dialog: His Holiness eats in his room.
45) 4) dialog: No, no. The Pope eats alone.
45) 6) dialog: He just prefers it that way. But he has arranged for you both to eat the same meal. It’s a traditional Bavarian dish. A favorite. Just as his Mother used to make it. She takes the lid off the plate. Underneath is a profound unappetizing Bavarian soup with noodles. Bergoglio reacts 44
45) 7) text: Knoedel mit sosse. There’s a lot of sympathy in just saying the name. Bergog laughs. The nun joins in. Off their laughter we -
46) 0) text: Ratzinger eating the same unappetizing soup, alone. He reaches for his wine glass and fills it with ... Fanta. We can just hear the faint echo of nun-laughter from belo
47) 0) text: The Nun shows Bergoglio into a room with a TV in it.
47) 1) dialog: After dinner sometimes he comes here to relax. She goes. Idly, Bergoglio picks up the TV remote and chan flicks. He’s looking for the match ... But an electronic voice says “Bravo”. Surprised, Bergogli looks up to see that Ratzinger has come in - still wearin his white ROBES but over it now a classic BAVARIAN KNITTE VEST.
57) 0) text: A couple of Nuns have set up a buffet breakfast. Bergogli mid breakfast when Roberto swans in. In the distance a ph is ringing non-stop.
66) 0) text: Back to Ratzinger praying. This time we hear his prayer. the Nunc Dimittis in Latin.
107) 12) text: Telephone rings in Mater Ecclesiae but nobody is around t pick up. Ratzinger is watching the announcement on TV. His staff, two Nuns and a priest, are with him in the roo None of them hears the phone. On the TV we see... EXT - SAINT PETER’S SQUARE (2013) - NIGHT. On the balcony ...
108) 1) dialog: Nobody answered, Holy Father.
115) 0) text: The NUN, CAMERLENGO and the protodeacon - TAURAN - all bo deeply.
115) 2) dialog: It’s the custom to leave you alone, Holiness.