33) 0) text: The POPE’s Summer Retreat. The LIMO arrives and enters th gate. Evidence everywhere of wealth, and power. INT. POPE’S OFFICE/CASTEL GANDOLFO (2012) - DAY TRACK IN on: Ratzinger (now Pope Benedict), from behind, he looks out of the window at the arriving Limo. A nun go to greet the limo and welcome the guest. Behind him his new assistant - Roberto - is on the phone. can just about overhear...
33) 1) dialog: Yes, His Holiness is reading the report as we speak. Yes, His Holiness is very much aware. He will return to Rome very soon. Roberto hangs up.
33) 3) dialog: Si’, Sua Santita’ sta leggendo la relazione proprio mentre parliamo. Si, Sua Santita’ ne e’ al corrente. Rientrera’ a Roma molto presto.
35) 0) text: Ratzinger is walking along the corridor accompanied by Roberto. They are intercepted by a well-dressed Vatican APPARATCHIK who mutters something to Roberto. He’s carryi an iPad and showing Roberto stuff as he goes along.
35) 1) dialog: Holiness ... Santita’... Ratzinger allows himself to be turned aside. He seems to prisoner here.
37) 2) dialog: An hour. Un’ora.
57) 0) text: A couple of Nuns have set up a buffet breakfast. Bergogli mid breakfast when Roberto swans in. In the distance a ph is ringing non-stop.
57) 1) dialog: His Holiness apologizes. He has been called back to Rome. Urgent business. If you could be ready as soon as possible, Eminence. I will arrange for your bags to be collected. 60
57) 2) text: Of course. Don’t worry about my bags. I travel light. But Roberto doesn’t respond. His own phone is ringing now too.
62) 0) text: The helicopter lands - still some distance from the Vatic There's a car waiting for Ratzinger. As soon as he leaves the helicopter Ratzinger is given a report. Around him stand advisers, CLERGY and non-CLERGY. BENEDICT opens the REPORT as he is informed of its conten (We do not hear what weighty matters are discussed, but c only infer that the crisis is a large one.) ANGLE ON: Ratzinger, troubled, heavily burdened, as he receives the BRIEFING, climbing into the car. He seems ti as he listens to the impassioned arguments and counsel of Curia staff. Bergoglio has been more or less forgotten. Roberto appears next to him.
62) 1) dialog: The Holy Father wants to finish his conversation with you but first he must deal with...an urgent matter. 62
62) 3) dialog: When the Holy Father is ready I’1l come and find you. Roberto goes to the car. Bergoglio is left behind.
68) 1) text: Roberto almost runs along the corridor. His phone keeps buzzing. He keeps having to reject calls. PICK UP ON him talking to Ratzinger who is being dressed his dresser. Ratzinger is still in his underwear - his unusually lengthy underpants and long socks look slightly comic.
68) 3) dialog: I... we can’t find him.
68) 5) dialog: I assumed, as a Jesuit, he would be staying in the Jesuit mother house.
68) 8) dialog: Io... Non lo troviamo.
68) 10) dialog: Ho dato per scontato, che come gesuita, avrebbe alloggiato alla Casa Professa dei Gesuiti.
68) 13) text: The Head of Security listens to Roberto who is looking fo Bergoglio. He turns and gives an order to someone next to him. (improvised) EXT. ST PETER’S SQUARE - DAY A Swiss Guard standing in front of the gate at Paolo VI listens to the walkie-talkie and looks around.
94) 5) dialog: Holy Father, it’s nine o'clock, they are opening the doors to the public. The doors at the far end of the chapel open. A couple of Swiss Guards come in and take up positions.
94) 7) dialog: Should I delay the opening, Holy Father?
95) 3) dialog: I could ask the kitchens to ... 99
95) 4) text: No need. There’s a place just in front of Via de Porta Angelica. Excellent coffee and pizzas. Roberto looks utterly nonplussed. But the Pope nods at hi
96) 0) text: The door is opened, as the tourists enter Roberto crosses way in the opposite direction.
97) 0) text: Roberto - looking painfully uncomfortable - has just orde at the bar.
97) 2) dialog: 
98) 4) dialog: Fathers.
102) 0) text: Ratzinger and Bergoglio cross the crowded Sistine Chapel. They try not to draw too much attention to themselves but soon becomes clear that the Pope is in the place. People crowd around Ratzinger, asking for his blessing an for selfies. Roberto and the security are waiting rush to rescue the P but Bergoglio waves them away.