17) 49) text: (overlapping Devaney) Oh. That was Clive's office. They called three times... DEVANEY
185) 6) text: Skip smiles and walks off, glancing up at the clock. 7:43. CLIVE HEALY, a slim British actor appears, bows and kisses Rachel's hand.
185) 7) dialog: I understand it's my great honor to escort you onstage.
191) 8) dialog: Come, Rachel, let us brighten the firmament. Rachel forces a smile, but her eyes follow Frank as he starts to lead the way out of the Green Room. On an impulse, she reaches for something from the makeup table and presses it into her hand. It's the Russian Orthodox cross. She clutches it like a talisman and follows Frank. Tony brings up the rear.
192) 6) text: Rachel, you'll go in there and Clive, you over there. You'll meet on the landing. They both nod, but Rachel is distracted, tense. SKIP
192) 7) text: Watch your step going down. Someone spilled some water. Clive and Rachel climb the stairs. Rachel turns once more to look anxiously at Frank. She clutches the cross but he doesn't see. Frank watches them ascend. He signals Tony to stay there until Rachel goes on. Frank moves off toward the stage left wings. ON TV MONITOR - we see Reardon, acting as Master of Ceremonies, doing the introductions. REARDON (V.O.) (on screen)
192) 8) text: I used to have an outfit just like that... And to present the Best Song award we have our debonair friend from England and the lady who has everything -- Clive Healy and Rachel Marron! A red camera light clicks on. MUSIC UP, APPLAUSE, as we see Clive and Rachel make their entrances on the TV monitor.
194) 0) text: Rachel and Clive reach the podium. Clive is all smiles. Rachel is trying, but is obviously distracted.
194) 2) dialog: (reading from the prompter)
194) 5) dialog: Over the course of the evening we've heard five smashing songs and the names of the artists who created them.
196) 0) text: She sways. Clive supports her as discreetly as he can, smiling out at the audience. FROM BEHIND Clive and Rachel, we watch as Clive picks up Rachel's lines from the prompter, AD LIBBING to make them fit.
196) 1) dialog: And I know that no matter what anyone thinks, you have no personal favorites. Thin laughter. The audience is starting to sense that something is wrong with Rachel.
196) 2) dialog: The Best Song nominees are: "Clock On The Wall" from 'The Dining Room Table' -- By Dana S. Lee and Sara Spring. 'Give Me Your Trust' from 'Out Of the Gloom' -- By David Siegel and Barbara G. Gordon. "I Have Nothing" from 'Queen Of The Night' -- By Nancy Garbor. "Maybe Soon" from 'Maybe Soon' -- Anne Trop and Ben Glass. And "Reflections Of My Heart" from 'Hot And Cold' -- By Leslie Moraes.
196) 8) text: All right, Clive, let's find out --
196) 11) dialog: The envelope. Rachel, shall I do the honors?
196) 20) text: as Clive pulls the card out of the envelope.       It rea
196) 23) dialog: And the winner is "I Have Nothing"
198) 0) text: Clive, the professional, stands holding the envelope. glances off after Rachel, mystified.
199) 2) text: Clive Healy comes up.
199) 3) dialog: Is she all right?
199) 4) text: He is assured that she is.       Clive goes out to his se