17) 0) text: Frank walks into the rear of the room that the noise is coming from. It is large and comfortable with plenty of seating, a bar, a wall of stereo gear and a projection booth. It is packed with people, props and video equipment. There is lots of activity, a general air of barely-organized chaos. MUSIC BLARES out. A group of six dancers, is rehearsing an energetic dance number for a music video, directed by their choreographer RORY. Sunlight throws them in a silhouette against the glass wall at the end of the room. A video cameraman circles them, taping the rehearsal, which appears on a large-screen TV behind them. In one corner, a pretty black girl is being pinned into a proposed costume for the video. Several people are stand- ing around, tending to the video and playback gear. All the chairs face the far end of the room and it isn't immediately apparent how many more people are hidden amon the big cushions. As Frank sits on the barstool at the back, a large swivel chair turns to reveal Devaney. He waves to Frank and makes his way over to him. On the other side of the room, a brawny, heavyset man in late thirties rises to look at Frank. He has a twenty inc neck. Devaney signals to him  that everything is all righ The brawny man looks at Frank a moment more, then sits do Frank looks around the room. A shelf laden with vitamins. Guitars of various makes. A flute. A gold record being used as a coaster. People smoking and chatting through the rehearsal.
17) 3) text: Come here, Rory! The choreographer skips to the sofa and disappears from sight. Sound of kissing, laughter. The video rewinds on the big screen and the dancers gathe round it expectantly. RACHEL (O.S.)
17) 39) text: Rory, I'll be with you in a second. Rory gets up, and goes over to his dancers at the big screen video. RACHEL
17) 52) text: ...And I'm sure you'll blend in just fine. You can select whatever alarm systems you want for the house. Some kind of improved security for the gate. What else, Rachel? Rachel stands and starts to wander over to Rory and the dancers. Frank looks at Devaney.   Devaney doesn't like the tone this is taking. RACHEL
33) 0) text: Rachel, looking out her window at Fletcher and the work- men, sees the rock stop a yard from him. Fletcher scrambles away, much as a kid might dance back from a
55) 0) text: As Rachel's car pulls up, the beaten man dances weirdly at the curb with blood streaming from his nose. A pair of security guards try to hold them back.    As he limo stops, a chant begins.
65) 7) text: I want to dance... She skitters to the other side of the stage, baiting her fans. Her new video explodes across the video wall behind her. The crowd surges forward. Two security guards nervously tense up, watching the crowd. When one fan tries to climb onstage, Frank reaches out and unbalances him, so that the man falls back into the audience. Another man climbs the stage on the other side. One of the guards darts out like a ballboy at a tennis match, pushes the fan back and scurries to the far side to resume his vigilance. The crowd is getting even more excited, pressing closer, trying to touch Rachel. The security guards move in, but Rachel gestures for them to back off.
67) 0) text: Rachel dances erotically with the man -- bumping and grinding, sinking to her knees. The crowd roars approval. Frank quickly sizes up the scene. He speaks into a SURV KIT microphone in his sleeve. Across the room we see Henry listening, pushing an earpiece to his ear. Henry quickly scurries to an exit. Frank starts moving toward the stage. At that moment, the lucky man Rachel's dancing with grabs her around the waist and spins her gleefully, like the dance partner she has been pretending to be. One of security guards rushes forward to extri- cate her. The spinning man inadvertently bumps hard into the guard and the man loses his grip on Rachel. She flies out of his grasp and tumbles off the front of the stage -- into the adoring arms of a half dozen fans. The audience goes wild. This is the kind of thing Rachel was famous for when she was starting out. The scene resembles a rugby scrum... with Rachel the ball. Frank sees Rachel being passed over the heads of fans -- deeper into the audience. Her dress is ripped and torn apart. The silver headpiece is dislodged and disappears into the crowd.
78) 0) text: Tight, shabby facilities. Dan opens the combination padlock to his locker and deposits the crumpled photo inside. As the hands remove the rubber gloves, the inside of the locker is revealed. Pasted over every inch of the locker are pictures of Rachel Marron. One tabloid shot of her dancing with the word "whore" scrawled across it. Taped to a single sheet of white paper in the center, like a holy relic, is the torn scrap of Rachel's dress from the MAYAN. The hands pin up the newly-acquired photo next to it.
82) 0) text: Frank and Rachel navigate a tiny dance floor. Frank is a surprisingly good dancer and is comfortable being this close to her. Rachel hums softly, picking up the words to the song.   A we listen to the lyrics something clicks in her head.
82) 9) text: It is, isn't it. Suddenly a dish drops to the floor. Frank, still dancing, makes a smooth quick turn that puts his body between Rachel and the noise. His head turns to locate the source of the noise.
90) 14) text: Fuck the contract. If he goes, she's not singing a note. It's too dangerous. SPECTOR
115) 0) text: Frank looks out at the ocean. ECHOING on the soundtrack, we hear the song 'WHAT BECOMES OF THE BROKEN HEARTED' that Rachel and Frank danced to. It sounds slow and sweet and a long way away. Frank stares out at the ocean. Totally divorced from everything in the suite behind him, in the world around him. There is only the moon and the ocean. For this
128) 3) dialog: (eerily distorted)
174) 4) text: Sitting in the observation room at a table talking to Ray Court is Dan. He looks frightened and confused.
182) 12) text: I think it's very dangerous. RACHEL
185) 0) text: It is large and has been fitted with a bar and buffet. Formally-dressed presenters and hosts mill about, laugh- ing and talking. Many greet Rachel. A TV monitor hangs from the ceiling in one corner. On it, the Academy Awards continue. An elaborate dance number is just concluding. The audience applauds. Beside the monitor, a large clock with a ticking second hand. A harried associate producer SKIP THOMAS, comes up to Rachel, settled in an armchair. Tony stands nearby, Frank leans against a far wall.
187) 12) text: (NOTE: "I Have Nothing" fanfare. Dancers onto stage. First section of song, commencing with shortened chorus then first verse (Total 1 Minute) Reardon walks off the stage ten feet from where Frank and Portman are standing, glances at them and moves off down the hall.
190) 3) text: Big finish of song and dance number (total 40 seconds). Applause and dancers off.