10) 0) text: Frank lounges in his shorts under the single tree, sun- glasses on, a glass of iced tea by his side. Strains of "DON'T WALK AWAY RENEE" come from a beat-up transistor RADIO. An old-fashioned lawn sprinkler lazily waves water back and forth over the freshly cut grass.  Throwing knives lay scattered nearby. A wooden post is  sticking out of the ground in front of the fence at the back of the yard. BILL DEVANEY, fiftyish, a distinguished-looking black gentleman, stands nearby trying to engage Frank in a conversation that up to this point hasn't been going well He's Rachel's personal manager.
10) 1) dialog: So, you won't protect Rachel Marron just because she's in show business?
10) 3) dialog: But the biggest money's in show business people. Frank says nothing. His  eyes are  closed behind the sun- glasses. Devaney picks  up one of  the throwing knives. He holds it carefully by the blade  and throws it. It misses the post by three feet and  clatters against the fence. Frank opens his eyes, sees what's going on and closes his eyes again.
10) 4) dialog: (picking up another knife)
10) 7) dialog: (exasperated)
10) 10) text: You mean she doesn't collect dolls? DEVANEY (defeated)
10) 12) text: I thought I knew who she was. Devaney tries to size up whether Frank is kidding him or not. Frank's face betrays nothing. Devaney gestures with a knife. DEVANEY
10) 14) text: Deadly. DEVANEY
10) 15) text: Show me. Frank doesn't move. DEVANEY
10) 17) text: There are several good men available for that kind of money. Have you talked to Fitzgerald or Racine? Portman? DEVANEY
10) 18) text: Yeah.   Portman was interested... He senses an opening and sits down beside Frank for what he takes to be the first serious talk. DEVANEY
10) 20) text: There's no such thing. DEVANEY
10) 23) text: All right. I'll come and I'll look the situation over. If I take it, it's three thousand a week. DEVANEY
10) 25) text: Shit. Devaney's face drops.   Frank examines the next knife. FRANK
10) 26) text: (mumbling) I know it's something like... The second knife gets away from him at the top of his arc and disappears into some bushes about three feet from Devaney. Devaney stands up in a hurry and moves behind Frank. FRANK
10) 27) text: Sorry. Frank raises his hand to throw again, then stops and motions Devaney off to the side. FRANK
10) 28) text: Better not stand right behind me. Devaney smiles weakly. Frank lets the third knife go with one smooth motion. The knife sinks an inch into the center of the post. Frank's hand arching again.     Throwing the remaining kn Both knives stick in the post forming a straight vertical line with the first one.
13) 7) text: Mr. Devaney.
17) 0) text: Frank walks into the rear of the room that the noise is coming from. It is large and comfortable with plenty of seating, a bar, a wall of stereo gear and a projection booth. It is packed with people, props and video equipment. There is lots of activity, a general air of barely-organized chaos. MUSIC BLARES out. A group of six dancers, is rehearsing an energetic dance number for a music video, directed by their choreographer RORY. Sunlight throws them in a silhouette against the glass wall at the end of the room. A video cameraman circles them, taping the rehearsal, which appears on a large-screen TV behind them. In one corner, a pretty black girl is being pinned into a proposed costume for the video. Several people are stand- ing around, tending to the video and playback gear. All the chairs face the far end of the room and it isn't immediately apparent how many more people are hidden amon the big cushions. As Frank sits on the barstool at the back, a large swivel chair turns to reveal Devaney. He waves to Frank and makes his way over to him. On the other side of the room, a brawny, heavyset man in late thirties rises to look at Frank. He has a twenty inc neck. Devaney signals to him  that everything is all righ The brawny man looks at Frank a moment more, then sits do Frank looks around the room. A shelf laden with vitamins. Guitars of various makes. A flute. A gold record being used as a coaster. People smoking and chatting through the rehearsal.
17) 4) text: Sugar, that's gonna be great.    I love the ending... Devaney moves to the front of the room. The PLAYBACK STARTS behind him. There are several overlapping conversations going on. DEVANEY
17) 12) text: Don't worry, Rory. Tony doesn't appreciate great art. The pinned-up girl has been brought forward for Rachel's approval, elbowing Devaney a little to one side. DRESS DESIGNER
17) 13) text: (showing the costume) What do you think, Rachel? DEVANEY
17) 15) text: Devaney, do you think this is me? DEVANEY
17) 16) text: (not looking) It's terrific... Devaney is now facing the unseen Rachel. DEVANEY
17) 17) text: Rachel, Frank Farmer is here. Devaney nods in Frank's direction.     Nicki looks at Fra RACHEL (O.S.)
17) 18) text: Who's here? DEVANEY
17) 20) text: I think Rory should be my bodyguard. (to dress designer) Let's see the back again... DEVANEY
17) 23) text: Well, I'm up. Rachel and Frank look across the room at each other. Frank comes forward. DEVANEY
17) 29) text: (smiling) Well, his timing's good. DEVANEY
17) 31) text: Nice to meet you, Mr. Farmer. DEVANEY
17) 33) text: (to designer) The back's still not right... SPECTOR, still on the phone, offers a perfunctory wave. DEVANEY
17) 45) text: (one hand covers the phone) Nicki, I'm sure Mr. Farmer would tell you the number of nuts writing fan letters jumps every time Rachel is on the cover of a magazine. DEVANEY
17) 49) text: (overlapping Devaney) Oh. That was Clive's office. They called three times... DEVANEY
17) 50) text: Honey, that's not going to be a problem. DEVANEY (CONT'D)
17) 52) text: ...And I'm sure you'll blend in just fine. You can select whatever alarm systems you want for the house. Some kind of improved security for the gate. What else, Rachel? Rachel stands and starts to wander over to Rory and the dancers. Frank looks at Devaney.   Devaney doesn't like the tone this is taking. RACHEL
17) 56) text: I don't want him to think   he's in prison. So the house and    grounds must not be altered in any   way. He shouldn't be aware that   you're here. Is that clear? Frank looks at her a long time, glancing up at Devaney once. FRANK
17) 60) text: You can go past the pool. DEVANEY
17) 62) text: Nice meeting you. DEVANEY
17) 64) text: Bill, I don't think we should be begging this guy for his services. DEVANEY
17) 65) text: Sy, I'm handling this. Rachel looks on coolly as Frank slides open the glass doo DEVANEY
18) 0) text: Frank is walking rapidly away from the window wall, down the slope. Devaney is scurrying to keep up.
18) 1) dialog: Farmer, will you wait a minute? I should have told you more. I'm sorry but I was afraid she wouldn't go through with it. I thought I'd let the two of you work it out... come to an understanding.
18) 3) dialog: She's not a bad person, and whether she knows it or not, she needs you. (a beat)
18) 4) text: You've come this far... Would you just wait here for one minute. I want to show you something. Please, Farmer. Devaney runs back to the house.
19) 24) dialog: How are you, Fletch? (to Frank)
20) 0) text: Devaney slides the file across the table at Frank, open- ing it. Inside are letters of every size and condition. Repeatedly throughout this scene Frank's gaze is drawn to Fletcher, who has started his boat again.
20) 1) dialog: This is just in the last six months.
20) 3) text: Have you ever tried having these professionally assessed? Devaney shakes his head no. Frank begins to look through the letters, flipping them b the corner of the page. From many different sources, some are scrawled, some typed, some assembled from cutouts. Many are soiled and torn, others immaculate. Occasionally one will have a photo of Rachel with crude markings on it Spector enters sucking on a popsicle. He comes to stand over Frank's shoulder, peering nonchalantly at the piles of letters.
20) 13) text: This could be something. Devaney searches Frank's face. DEVANEY
20) 22) dialog: Sy, I think we should show him the room.
21) 0) text: Frank follows Spector and Devaney into the room. He glances around, taking in the murals, the decor, the kitsch attempt at fornicatorial splendour right from the pages of a tabloid layout.
21) 3) dialog: No. She sleeps in a room next to Fletcher's down the hall. Sy had this done for a magazine layout,
21) 6) text: No. DEVANEY
21) 8) text: She didn't have to like it... Devaney gently lays the cut-out letter on the bed. DEVANEY
21) 10) text: Somebody was in here? DEVANEY
21) 12) text: And she doesn't know about this either? Devaney shakes his head. SPECTOR
21) 13) text: Are you kidding? This would really freak her out. DEVANEY
21) 15) text: Someone penetrates the house, gets upstairs and jerks off on the bed ... I'd say that qualifies as a problem. DEVANEY
21) 22) dialog: (does a quick read on Frank)
21) 25) dialog: I'll talk to her, I'll make her understand. I can do that.
22) 0) text: Frank emerges with Devaney and crosses toward his car.
22) 1) dialog: ...She won't give you any static, Frank, you've got my word on that. Frank is still focused on Fletcher.
22) 3) dialog: So what job's perfect? You're a bodyguard, aren't you? Slowly, Frank faces him.
22) 5) text: Yeah. As they reach the car, Devaney is relieved.   He dares a perfect smile.
45) 0) text: In a BIG CLOSEUP ON a black and white TV screen, we see Devaney's immaculate convertible Mercedes 500SL as it roars up the drive. Frank, Henry and Fletcher watch in the newly-erected guard house. The area is greatly changed. There is a uniformed guard with an impressive array of switches, lights and phones at his command. There are several TV screens; one of them shows a series of endlessly-panning shots from cameras at the rear of
46) 0) text: Nicki is cutting fruit at the bar. Rachel, very tense, is taking the fruit and dropping it into a yogurt drink she's making in a blender. Rory, her choreographer, stands behind her, massaging her neck and shoulders. Spector is perched on a bar stool like a vulture. Devaney hurries into the room; Nicki gives him a look.
46) 2) dialog: What is it now?
46) 4) dialog: No Sunday brunch. That's why you called me up here?
46) 6) dialog: Where is he? Nicki indicates through the glass door.    Devaney walks over to it.
46) 9) text: He's through messing with my life. DEVANEY
46) 10) text: Rachel, I'm getting goddamn sick of running up here every time he steps on your toes. (leaning out the glass door) Farmer! Would you come in here a minute? Devaney walks back toward Rachel. RACHEL
46) 16) text: Did he have an appointment? Devaney turns to him. DEVANEY
46) 20) text: (mimicking him) 'I don't want her doing anything she's always done.' The guy's a fanatic. DEVANEY
46) 26) text: Maybe he gets off listening to my calls. All that heavy breathing... DEVANEY
46) 29) text: That's right. Devaney looks at Frank imploringly. FRANK
52) 0) text: Frank is showing Henry how to check the underside of the limo with an angled mirror on a stick. Both are crouched beside the vehicle. A noise makes them look up. Rachel, dressed to the nines and looking very sexy, emerges from the house with Spector and Devaney. Spector's carrying a videotape. Tony follows as they head for the car, where
53) 0) text: Frank rides beside Tony in the front seat. The RADIO PLAYS SOFTLY in the b.g. In back, Rachel, Spector and Devaney are drinking champagne. Tony burps, smiles at Frank.
59) 0) text: Spector, Frank, and Devaney are there. Rachel seems dazed, unfocussed. Devaney hands the note to Frank.
59) 1) dialog: He sent another one. Rachel immediately picks up on this.
59) 6) dialog: There were some letters before, Rachel... same kind of thing, threats, oddball stuff...
59) 8) dialog: ... and somebody got into the house...
59) 20) dialog: Sy.
59) 30) dialog: Let's go home, Sy. We'll have to make an announcement.
60) 0) text: A lone mike stands onstage. The crowd's growing im- patient. A RHYTHMIC CLAPPING begins. Devaney walks timidly onstage. He's not happy to be there. He reaches the mike and taps it with a finger.
60) 1) dialog: Excuse me... hello... I've got an announcement to make. I'm sorry but... due to circumstances beyond... Voices shout. "Where's Rachel?"... a groan begins. A chorus of boos fills the room. He raises his hands.
62) 1) dialog: I'm afraid that... A great gush of applause from the audience. Devaney's befuddled. He doesn't see Rachel walking up behind him.
62) 2) dialog: Rachel won't be able... Rachel stands beside him beaming. She bows. Claps back to her fans. Devaney retreats. Rachel gestures in his direction.
90) 4) text: What's on my mind is that you're fired, Frank. She missed all her interviews yesterday because of your little date. Do you realize she stood up Barbara Walters? First you fuck up her career... Behind Spector, out of his line of sight, Rachel and Devaney appear in the doorway with more cards. They also stop and listen.
90) 10) text: Get your shit together and be out of here by noon. DEVANEY
90) 11) text: Frank stays. Spector looks round, sees that Devaney and Rachel have been listening. Rachel is silent. With a curt nod of his head, Spector gestures to the assistants to leave the room. Devaney weighs in. DEVANEY
90) 13) text: She's signed the fucking contract, Bill. You want me to read it to you? Rachel is watching them both. DEVANEY
90) 17) text: Mr. Schiller calling on line one... Spector ignores her, still holding his look at Devaney, Rachel and Frank. SPECTOR
90) 22) text: ...The Ambassador? What the hell are you trying to pull, Ben? Rachel always gets the Presidential... I don't care what you thought... Devaney leans to Frank as Spector's conversation continue in the b.g. DEVANEY
90) 23) text: Do you know the Fontainebleau Hotel in Miami Beach? Frank nods. DEVANEY
121) 5) dialog: I don't know. I thought you were with her.
122) 3) text: Well get someone up here. Frank hangs up the phone, looks at Devaney.
122) 5) dialog: Where are you going?
124) 2) dialog: Rachel, where the hell have you been?
124) 5) dialog: We were worried. (looks at Frank, talks to Rachel)
124) 8) dialog: Rachel. Frank turns and heads for the door.    Devaney looks at him anxiously.
124) 9) dialog: Farmer, where are you going?
129) 0) text: Frank comes in the front door. He's had it. Devaney, who has been sitting alone in the living room, stubs out a cigarette and stands to meet him. Frank doesn't pause.
129) 2) dialog: She got another call, while you were downstairs and she answered it herself. It was him, Frank. Same guy.
129) 5) dialog: Farmer, it really shook her up. She thought it was going to be Fletcher calling her from L.A. I think she'll be reasonable now.
129) 7) text: Save it, Devaney. The people who hire me don't have to be convinced to save their own lives. Frank reaches the sliding door that leads to the balcony.
129) 9) dialog: Farmer -- Frank goes out on the balcony and slides the door closed behind him.
176) 0) text: Rachel's black limousine moves slowly up the winding drive, followed by a black Mercedes limousine. Behind the cars, the gates close on a large press contingent gathered outside, held back by a large number of police and security guards. A light drizzle is falling. The two cars pull up to the entrance, Henry at the wheel of Rachel's. Frank gets out of the front and opens the back door. Devaney and Spector help Rachel and Fletcher out of the car. They are all dressed in black. A few other mourners, including Emma, get out of the Mercedes. Rachel, red-eyed and weary, takes Fletcher under her arm and goes inside. She does not look at Frank.
183) 0) text: The limo is waiting in a line of limos to reach the red- carpeted entrance to The Pantages Theatre. Frank and Tony sit in front with Henry. In the back a spectacularly-gowned Rachel sits flanked by Devaney and Spector, both of whom, like Frank, are wearing tuxedos. ahead, they can all see the hubbub at the entrance: TV cameras, lights, photographers, arriving guests, two bleachers full of fans. The glare from the arc lights is almost blinding.
183) 1) dialog: We'll go straight back to the Green Room. Right, Frank? Frank nods.
183) 2) dialog: Got that, Tony?
212) 0) text: A buffed-out charter turboprop stands on the tarmac as the last pieces of equipment of Rachel's band are loaded aboard from a truck. A limousine pulls up and Rachel gets out with Tony and Court, who is clearly acting as her bodyguard. She greets some members of the band and others who will be part of her entourage. A roadie has her luggage removed from the limo and loaded aboard the plane. Devaney is trying to hurry her on board. Spector is conspicuous by his absence. As Rachel and the others prepare to get onto the plane, Tony, wearing a dark leather eyepatch, reacts to something O.S. Frank approaches from the nearby parking area. He is pale. Under his clothes it can be seen that his torso is still taped. He smiles as Tony. Their handshake becomes a quick abrazo.
212) 4) text: Under control. But it won't be the same... ya mutt. Tony fakes a glancing blow to Frank's chin. Over by the plane, Fletcher spots Frank and tugs at Rachel's dress, till she turns to look. Fletcher runs up to Frank and hugs him around the knees. Rachel approaches and Tony moves back toward the plane. Devaney waves in Frank's direction, tapping his watch to indicate they are late. Frank waves and smiles. Rachel's surprised to see Frank, but clearly happy. Fletcher is ecstatic. RACHEL
213) 0) text: Rachel takes a seat beside Fletcher.   Devaney leans over the aisle.
213) 1) dialog: That wasn't so bad. (he sees her tears)
213) 2) text: You okay? Rachel is in her own world. Devaney passes the word to get moving. The ENGINES WARM UP. Rachel turns and sees Frank still standing there looking at her.