16) 2) text: Dwarfed by the pool, the only person in sight is seven- year old Fletcher, the little boy from the photograph, dark-haired and fragile. He is crouched at the side of the pool with the remote control unit for a foot-long speedboat which is cutting across the water. A nanny sits, some way off, embroidering. Frank's attention is distracted. A heavier BASS MUSICAL BEAT comes from somewhere nearby in the house, another Rachel Marron number, but this time up-tempo and bouncy. Frank follows the sound.
17) 53) text: I think I'm safe when I'm here at the house so I guess the main thing will be when I go out. Tony will be able to fill you in on all that. You two will have to work something out. I don't want both of you falling all over me everywhere I go. The most important thing is this -- I will not allow Fletcher to be affected by this thing...
19) 0) text: Fletcher, happy to have someone to talk to,  walks up to Frank with his remote-control speed boat.   Frank would like to walk away, but Fletcher blocks his  way. Frank looks at Fletcher's frail little, nut-brown  figure. The watching nanny continues her embroidering,  some way off.
19) 1) dialog: Hi!
19) 4) dialog: How are you today?
19) 7) dialog: Oh, I'm fine. Do you like boats?
19) 9) text: No.     I don't like boats. FLETCHER
19) 11) text: Oh, I don't know. FLETCHER
19) 12) text: Sure you do, but you don't want to tell me. Frank considers him, then slips out of his sport coat. He crouches down so that he is eye-level with Fletcher. FRANK
19) 13) text: You're a smart kid. Fletcher nods. FRANK
19) 14) text: I'll tell you. One time I was stuck on a boat with some people for four months. FLETCHER
19) 16) text: Nope. A big white yacht.      Do you know what a yacht is? FLETCHER (thinks about this)
19) 18) text: (standing to leave) Well, nobody's perfect. Fletcher squints up at him, the sun in his eyes. FLETCHER
19) 22) dialog: I've got ears.
19) 27) text: Nice meeting you. Fletcher looks after them silently.
20) 0) text: Devaney slides the file across the table at Frank, open- ing it. Inside are letters of every size and condition. Repeatedly throughout this scene Frank's gaze is drawn to Fletcher, who has started his boat again.
31) 0) text: Fletcher sits on the grass about halfway to the house, watching the activity with delighted interest. He turns as he spots something beyond the hedge.
33) 0) text: Rachel, looking out her window at Fletcher and the work- men, sees the rock stop a yard from him. Fletcher scrambles away, much as a kid might dance back from a
33) 3) dialog: I think he's got a black 4 X 4. Could be a Chevy. More like a Toyota. Frank stares at Fletcher, then looks back to the street.
42) 2) dialog: Tell me about the car?
42) 4) dialog: Four wheel drive? Late model? Frank nods.   Fletcher looks pleased.
42) 6) dialog: What?
42) 8) dialog: (shrugging)
43) 0) text: Rachel has been watching Fletcher and Frank down the hill. Now she leans back on the chaise lounge where she is sunning, trying to listen to a new song on a Walkman. There is the SCREECHING howl of a DRILL on METAL from the direction of the house. Rachel jumps up and yells toward the house.
45) 0) text: In a BIG CLOSEUP ON a black and white TV screen, we see Devaney's immaculate convertible Mercedes 500SL as it roars up the drive. Frank, Henry and Fletcher watch in the newly-erected guard house. The area is greatly changed. There is a uniformed guard with an impressive array of switches, lights and phones at his command. There are several TV screens; one of them shows a series of endlessly-panning shots from cameras at the rear of
45) 3) dialog: (to Frank)
46) 23) text: Think of Fletcher -- Rachel turns ON the BLENDER, drowning out Nicki's voice. Frank looks at Rachel coolly. She stares at him petulantly, then turns OFF the BLENDER. RACHEL
72) 0) text: Fletcher is asleep in his bed. Frank waits as Rachel glances in. Then she moves away. Opening the door to her room, she steps back, allowing him to enter ahead.
76) 0) text: Nicki is yelling from a window on the second floor of the mansion. Fletcher peers out with her.
88) 0) text: A nanny sits in the early morning mist, embroidering. Frank is kneeling with Fletcher beside the pool. He's putting new batteries into Fletcher's boat. Fletcher watches him as he tears off the wrapping from the batteries, much preoccupied.
88) 1) dialog: (watching him)
88) 3) dialog: She told me she doesn't understand why you're so shitty to her... Frank's shoulders droop and he lets out an imperceptible sigh. He gently resumes fitting the batteries, still not looking at Fletcher. In the quiet of early morning, it's almost like a confessional.
88) 5) dialog: I don't think I understand.
130) 4) text: I need you... I'm afraid... and I hate it. I hate my fear... (a beat) Please protect me... Protect Fletcher... If anything happened to him... Frank looks at her. Tears are destroying her elaborate stage makeup. She wipes them away with her hand. FRANK
132) 0) text: Herb squats on the floor with Fletcher. Together, they are happily playing around with the fluffy terrier. Fletcher squeals with delight as the dog licks his face. Henry brings the remaining luggage through. Rachel and Nicki stand with Frank near the archway. All eyes are on
133) 2) text: Frank's momma. There's the COUGH and SPUTTER of an outboard MOTOR from outside. Rachel looks from the kitchen window and sees Fletcher and Frank in the small skiff by the dock. Fletcher tugs again on the starter cord.       At the thi tug he tumbles backwards onto the seat.
133) 13) text: We buried Katherine that day. Rachel looks out again at Frank and Fletcher in the boat.
134) 0) text: Fletcher, Rachel and Frank are chugging across the golden water in the skiff. Fletcher sits at the back, operating the outboard, controlling the movements of the boat. He wears a life vest. Rachel watches him proudly. Fletcher locks the throttle into place and takes his hands off it for a laughing moment with a "Look, Mom, no hands" gesture. Rachel looks to Frank and smiles, the wind blowing her hair.
135) 0) text: Henry helps Fletcher tie up the boat for the night.   It is much foggier now and almost dark.
137) 0) text: The meal has been enthusiastically consumed. Fletcher's manhandling a chicken leg, his face covered with crumbs and drippings. Rachel shakes her head, laughing.
140) 7) dialog: Knight to king-four.
143) 0) text: Fletcher is asleep, snuggled on Herb's lap by the fire. Herb is also asleep. Frank fetches a blanket and gently
149) 3) text: Frank! I haven't... But Frank is already moving, leaping from the porch and starting to run flat out toward the boathouse and dock. Rachel turns to look. The skiff appears out of the boathouse, Fletcher at the motor, the boat's lone occupant. The boat moves slowly away from the boathouse, parallel to the dock. Frank is running toward the water with everything he's got, his face contorted. The sound of the OUTBOARD drowns out his voice as he yells.
149) 13) text: Fletcher, baby. Are you all right? Baby. Fletcher, spluttering, is handed up to Rachel by Frank. Rachel hugs Fletcher to her. Herb bends down to check he's breathing properly, wrapping the boy in his jacket. HERB
149) 15) text: What are you doing? You out of your mind? You're crazy! (to Fletcher)
150) 0) text: Rachel and Nicki hurriedly pack their bags.   Fletcher hovers nearby.
156) 0) text: The terrier dog listens in the upstairs hallway. Herb watches from an upstairs window. Rachel lies in bed, clutching Fletcher tightly.
158) 30) text: No, no. You don't understand. The letters came first. I don't know who's sending them... but they're reading my mind... Those were my thoughts. I hate her. It made me think I could do it... But I could never hurt Fletcher. Never. (begging him)
171) 0) text: Herb is at the window. There is anguish on his face as he hears the SHOTS. He wants to go to his son's aid but knows he cannot leave Rachel. Rachel and Fletcher are huddled in the bed, terrified. Fletcher clutches at the DOG, which is still BARKING. Henry stands by the bed, gun in hand.
176) 0) text: Rachel's black limousine moves slowly up the winding drive, followed by a black Mercedes limousine. Behind the cars, the gates close on a large press contingent gathered outside, held back by a large number of police and security guards. A light drizzle is falling. The two cars pull up to the entrance, Henry at the wheel of Rachel's. Frank gets out of the front and opens the back door. Devaney and Spector help Rachel and Fletcher out of the car. They are all dressed in black. A few other mourners, including Emma, get out of the Mercedes. Rachel, red-eyed and weary, takes Fletcher under her arm and goes inside. She does not look at Frank.
178) 1) dialog: You okay, Frank? Frank acknowledges Fletcher's small presence standing to the side of the big chair. He doesn't look at him directly.
178) 3) dialog: I couldn't sleep... It was so scary, just thinking about it... He looks at Frank.
178) 5) dialog: Do you feel scared, Frank?
178) 8) dialog: What are you afraid of?
178) 10) dialog: Tell me, Frank, please. Is it the man who killed Nicki? Are you afraid of him? Finally, Frank turns and looks at Fletcher.    Frank is pretty far gone. He shakes his head "no."     He realizes that that kind of fear had never occurred to   him, and recognizing that fact sets him back into his   thoughts.
178) 11) dialog: Then what?    What are you afraid of? Frank doesn't have the will to resist anymore.    He lets his hand drop away from Fletcher.
181) 0) text: It's bright sunshine. Fletcher is splashing noisily in the pool with a few other kids. His nanny waits patiently at the side, towels at the ready. At one side of the pool, Rachel sits, lost in thought, mourning her sister. At the other side sits Frank, also thoughtful. He, too, is trying to adjust to the tragedy for which he bears some of the responsibility. The SHOUTS and LAUGHTER of the kids continue.
212) 4) text: Under control. But it won't be the same... ya mutt. Tony fakes a glancing blow to Frank's chin. Over by the plane, Fletcher spots Frank and tugs at Rachel's dress, till she turns to look. Fletcher runs up to Frank and hugs him around the knees. Rachel approaches and Tony moves back toward the plane. Devaney waves in Frank's direction, tapping his watch to indicate they are late. Frank waves and smiles. Rachel's surprised to see Frank, but clearly happy. Fletcher is ecstatic. RACHEL
212) 10) text: Get him when Fletcher's not around. FRANK
212) 11) text: (ruffling Fletcher's hair) That's the idea. Fletcher grins.   Rachel starts to cry. FRANK
213) 0) text: Rachel takes a seat beside Fletcher.   Devaney leans over the aisle.