0) 3) dialog: Freeze!
0) 5) dialog: (calm, but an order)
4) 3) dialog: Sometimes.   It's just adrenaline.
4) 5) dialog: I saw him washing the car.
4) 7) dialog: They don't wash cars on the parking levels. He hands a glass of brandy to Frank, who looks at it.
4) 9) dialog: I'm not good in permanent positions, my feet go to sleep. The two men smile at each other. They raise their glasses in a joint salutation -- Klingman drinks. Frank doesn't.
7) 0) text: SLAM of a CAR DOOR. Frank gets out of a cab with two suitcases. His house is a modest stucco affair on a small lot. He goes up the walk and puts down his suit- cases. He looks at rampant foliage and overgrown grass. Supermarket circulars cover his doorstep. He picks up a few and fishes a bunch of keys from his pocket. A curious neighbor peers from behind a net curtain. As the door opens, we are aware of a further pile of mail inside. Frank's feet push the letters aside and go inside. The door shuts.
10) 0) text: Frank lounges in his shorts under the single tree, sun- glasses on, a glass of iced tea by his side. Strains of "DON'T WALK AWAY RENEE" come from a beat-up transistor RADIO. An old-fashioned lawn sprinkler lazily waves water back and forth over the freshly cut grass.  Throwing knives lay scattered nearby. A wooden post is  sticking out of the ground in front of the fence at the back of the yard. BILL DEVANEY, fiftyish, a distinguished-looking black gentleman, stands nearby trying to engage Frank in a conversation that up to this point hasn't been going well He's Rachel's personal manager.
10) 2) dialog: I don't do celebrities.
10) 6) dialog: Isn't she the one who collects dolls? This is enough to distract Devaney from his knife-throwin
10) 11) text: Yes.    She collects dolls. FRANK
10) 12) text: I thought I knew who she was. Devaney tries to size up whether Frank is kidding him or not. Frank's face betrays nothing. Devaney gestures with a knife. DEVANEY
10) 13) text: You're probably deadly with these things, aren't you? FRANK
10) 15) text: Show me. Frank doesn't move. DEVANEY
10) 16) text: Why are you resisting this job? $2,000 bucks a week. (no response) $2,500. FRANK
10) 18) text: Yeah.   Portman was interested... He senses an opening and sits down beside Frank for what he takes to be the first serious talk. DEVANEY
10) 19) text: ... but we're told you're the best. FRANK
10) 24) text: (whistles) Okay. You must be very deadly for three grand a week. Frank is now about twenty feet from the wooden post. throws one of the knives. It misses the post and clatters against the fence. FRANK
10) 25) text: Shit. Devaney's face drops.   Frank examines the next knife. FRANK
10) 26) text: (mumbling) I know it's something like... The second knife gets away from him at the top of his arc and disappears into some bushes about three feet from Devaney. Devaney stands up in a hurry and moves behind Frank. FRANK
10) 27) text: Sorry. Frank raises his hand to throw again, then stops and motions Devaney off to the side. FRANK
10) 28) text: Better not stand right behind me. Devaney smiles weakly. Frank lets the third knife go with one smooth motion. The knife sinks an inch into the center of the post. Frank's hand arching again.     Throwing the remaining kn Both knives stick in the post forming a straight vertical line with the first one.
11) 0) text: Frank stops his nondescript Chevy across the quiet street from the closed, unmanned gate at the bottom of the Marro driveway.
11) 1) text: as he looks over the gate, the wall, the heavy vegetation and the rising grounds beyond. (NOTE: The use of the term FRANK'S POV, is not to be taken simply as a camera direction. Rather, it re- presents a recurring attempt to make the audience see in the special way Frank sees. Frank lives by constant vigilance, heightened awareness. It is his genius and his burden. The audience must be put in the position of looking, searching, scanning with him.) He has a curious sense of being watched, a kind of prick- ling on the back of his neck. As he looks around, a black Toyota 4X4, parked some way down the road, drives rapidly off -- too fast to get a clear look. He watches it go. Frank pulls up   to the gate and gets out of his car. He grabs a bar of   the gate and pulls. The whole gate rattles. Frank    gets back in his car and pushes a butto on the intercom   box at the side of the gate. A MAN'S VOICE CRACKLES   out of the BOX. Transmission is terrible
11) 3) dialog: Frank Farmer to see Miss Marron.
11) 5) dialog: Alexander Graham Bell to see Miss Marron!
11) 8) dialog: The atomic number of zinc is 30.
13) 0) text: The mansion is huge. On and on it goes. Frank drives PAST the garage area where HENRY, the chauffeur, is polishing the mascot on the limousine. One of his arms is bandaged. Henry peers at Frank, puts down his cloth and walks toward the entrance where Frank is parking. Frank gets out, looks around. A painter's truck is parked nearby, two painters unloading equipment from it.
13) 2) dialog: Are you the man on the intercom?
13) 4) dialog: My name is Edison. I have an appointment with Miss Marron.
13) 6) dialog: (impressed)
13) 9) dialog: What happened to your arm?
13) 11) text: A doll. He goes back to the limousine. Frank RINGS the DOORBELL, although the door is not shut. EMMA, a fiftyish housekeeper, appears. A man in cover- alls comes out past her, carrying a length of timber.
13) 13) dialog: Henry Ford, to see Mr. Devaney.
14) 0) text: Frank steps into the foyer with Emma. She is a warm, matronly woman who does a fine job running the house without standing on custom.
14) 2) dialog: Yes.
15) 0) text: The deeper Frank walks into the house, the warmer and more lived-in rooms appear.
16) 0) text: Frank steps into a tiled room that overlooks the pool area. One wall is all glass. On the opposite wall are shelves containing the trophies of Rachel Marron's career A Tony award, three Grammy's, gold and platinum records, other statuettes and plaques. Among the framed photo- graphs of Rachel accepting awards etc., is one of her and
16) 2) text: Dwarfed by the pool, the only person in sight is seven- year old Fletcher, the little boy from the photograph, dark-haired and fragile. He is crouched at the side of the pool with the remote control unit for a foot-long speedboat which is cutting across the water. A nanny sits, some way off, embroidering. Frank's attention is distracted. A heavier BASS MUSICAL BEAT comes from somewhere nearby in the house, another Rachel Marron number, but this time up-tempo and bouncy. Frank follows the sound.
17) 0) text: Frank walks into the rear of the room that the noise is coming from. It is large and comfortable with plenty of seating, a bar, a wall of stereo gear and a projection booth. It is packed with people, props and video equipment. There is lots of activity, a general air of barely-organized chaos. MUSIC BLARES out. A group of six dancers, is rehearsing an energetic dance number for a music video, directed by their choreographer RORY. Sunlight throws them in a silhouette against the glass wall at the end of the room. A video cameraman circles them, taping the rehearsal, which appears on a large-screen TV behind them. In one corner, a pretty black girl is being pinned into a proposed costume for the video. Several people are stand- ing around, tending to the video and playback gear. All the chairs face the far end of the room and it isn't immediately apparent how many more people are hidden amon the big cushions. As Frank sits on the barstool at the back, a large swivel chair turns to reveal Devaney. He waves to Frank and makes his way over to him. On the other side of the room, a brawny, heavyset man in late thirties rises to look at Frank. He has a twenty inc neck. Devaney signals to him  that everything is all righ The brawny man looks at Frank a moment more, then sits do Frank looks around the room. A shelf laden with vitamins. Guitars of various makes. A flute. A gold record being used as a coaster. People smoking and chatting through the rehearsal.
17) 10) text: I wanna see it all. Tony?      I'll bet Tony loved it. The brawny man, Tony, shrugs and stands to look at Frank as he speaks. TONY
17) 14) text: Rachel, Frank Farmer is... RACHEL (O.S.)
17) 17) text: Rachel, Frank Farmer is here. Devaney nods in Frank's direction.     Nicki looks at Fra RACHEL (O.S.)
17) 19) text: Frank Farmer. (getting no response) The bodyguard. RACHEL (O.S.)
17) 23) text: Well, I'm up. Rachel and Frank look across the room at each other. Frank comes forward. DEVANEY
17) 24) text: Frank Farmer, Rachel Marron. Rachel offers her hand and they shake.    Rachel looks hi up and down. RACHEL
17) 25) text: You don't look like a bodyguard. FRANK
17) 27) text: I don't know. Tough guy maybe. FRANK
17) 36) text: Can we get you a drink? FRANK
17) 38) text: Straight?   Nicki. Nicki goes to the bar. Rachel sits and motions for Frank to sit opposite her. RACHEL
17) 43) text: I'll be with you in a second. Nicki hands Frank his orange juice.   She looks at Frank she speaks. NICKI
17) 51) text: (to Frank) Rachel runs a very informal household, we're all on a first name basis... Spector has finished up on the phone and jumps in. SPECTOR
17) 52) text: ...And I'm sure you'll blend in just fine. You can select whatever alarm systems you want for the house. Some kind of improved security for the gate. What else, Rachel? Rachel stands and starts to wander over to Rory and the dancers. Frank looks at Devaney.   Devaney doesn't like the tone this is taking. RACHEL
17) 56) text: I don't want him to think   he's in prison. So the house and    grounds must not be altered in any   way. He shouldn't be aware that   you're here. Is that clear? Frank looks at her a long time, glancing up at Devaney once. FRANK
17) 58) text: Rachel. FRANK
17) 59) text: There's been a mistake. A misunderstanding. If you'll show me the quickest way out, we'll save each other a lot of trouble. Frank's on his way. Someone brings a silver headpiece on a stand to Rachel. She ignores it, still looking at Frank TONY
17) 65) text: Sy, I'm handling this. Rachel looks on coolly as Frank slides open the glass doo DEVANEY
18) 0) text: Frank is walking rapidly away from the window wall, down the slope. Devaney is scurrying to keep up.
18) 2) dialog: We did. Frank starts to walk off.   Devaney is grasping at straws
19) 0) text: Fletcher, happy to have someone to talk to,  walks up to Frank with his remote-control speed boat.   Frank would like to walk away, but Fletcher blocks his  way. Frank looks at Fletcher's frail little, nut-brown  figure. The watching nanny continues her embroidering,  some way off.
19) 2) dialog: (continuing to walk)
19) 5) dialog: (wants to keep walking)
19) 10) text: You don't!     Why not? FRANK
19) 12) text: Sure you do, but you don't want to tell me. Frank considers him, then slips out of his sport coat. He crouches down so that he is eye-level with Fletcher. FRANK
19) 13) text: You're a smart kid. Fletcher nods. FRANK
19) 15) text: A lifeboat? FRANK
19) 17) text: Yeah.     My mom rented this huge yacht    once, and we took a trip. It was    great. Everyone threw up except    me. I love 'em. FRANK
19) 19) text: You're the bodyguard, aren't you? Frank is surprised. FRANK
19) 23) dialog: I'll remember that. Devaney trots into the pool area, out of breath. He is holding a bulging manila file. As he sees Fletcher, he holds the file casually at his side. Frank sees Fletcher looking at the file.
19) 26) dialog: (to Fletcher)
20) 0) text: Devaney slides the file across the table at Frank, open- ing it. Inside are letters of every size and condition. Repeatedly throughout this scene Frank's gaze is drawn to Fletcher, who has started his boat again.
20) 2) dialog: (looks at the pile)
20) 3) text: Have you ever tried having these professionally assessed? Devaney shakes his head no. Frank begins to look through the letters, flipping them b the corner of the page. From many different sources, some are scrawled, some typed, some assembled from cutouts. Many are soiled and torn, others immaculate. Occasionally one will have a photo of Rachel with crude markings on it Spector enters sucking on a popsicle. He comes to stand over Frank's shoulder, peering nonchalantly at the piles of letters.
20) 6) text: Ever guard the main man? FRANK
20) 7) text: I was two years with Carter and four years with Reagan. Frank sets another letter in the center pile.   He stops, smiling at it. FRANK
20) 9) text: Reagan got shot. His chatter is beginning to annoy Frank. FRANK
20) 11) text: That's good. Frank goes back to his letters.   He taps the stack in the center of the table. FRANK
20) 12) text: At first glance, these don't bother me. But keep them. You never know. He separates one letter from the others. FRANK
20) 13) text: This could be something. Devaney searches Frank's face. DEVANEY
20) 16) dialog: I don't know. Did you tell Miss Marron about it? Does she know about the doll? Devaney and Spector exchange looks.   This is evidently a sore point between them.
20) 18) dialog: What about the police?
20) 20) dialog: What about the chauffeur?
21) 0) text: Frank follows Spector and Devaney into the room. He glances around, taking in the murals, the decor, the kitsch attempt at fornicatorial splendour right from the pages of a tabloid layout.
21) 1) dialog: Is this her bedroom?
21) 9) text: We found the letter here. FRANK
21) 11) text: Somebody broke in and ... masturbated on the bed. FRANK
21) 14) text: What do you think? FRANK
21) 17) text: (agitated) Of fuck, we don't need this now... FRANK
21) 19) text: Excuse me? FRANK
21) 23) text: Frank, I totally respect what you're telling me. Tell me how you want to work and I'll accommodate you.
21) 24) dialog: Look, I can't protect her. I won't be responsible for her safety if she doesn't know what's going on.
22) 0) text: Frank emerges with Devaney and crosses toward his car.
22) 2) dialog: Sure she will.
22) 4) dialog: (quietly)
22) 6) dialog: Devaney, if you ever lie to me again, I'll take you apart.
23) 0) text: Henry Dupres is leaning against the doorjamb. The room is comfortable, a guest bedroom. Frank flops one battered suitcase onto the bed and opens it. He pulls open some drawers in the dresser and starts putting away his clothes.
23) 2) dialog: I wanted to see how hard it was to get in.
23) 4) dialog: Put this on your arm.    It'll help the ache. Henry takes it but is noncommittal.
23) 5) dialog: I'll bet you can fill up a whole day just washing the cars and driving Rachel Marron around town.
23) 7) dialog: We're adding to your duties.
23) 9) dialog: You're my new assistant. Frank removes three boxes of cartridges from the suitcase and puts them in the back of a dresser drawer as Henry watches.
23) 11) dialog: Henry, I've spent a lot of time guarding people all over the world
23) 14) dialog: The cocky black chauffeur. Henry considers this for a moment and smiles. OVER scenes 26-28, we hear the VOICE of CNN's MARTIN GROVE from "Showbiz Today."
25) 2) text: Frank and Henry are down there conferring about the fence.
27) 0) text: A small room at one end of the pool house has been fitted with a wall mirror and ballet exercise barre. A STEREO plays exercising MUSIC. Nicki, dressed in leotards, is doing pre-aerobic stretch- ing exercises. Frank appears outside the window. Nicki waves him in. Unseen by Frank, a huge St. Bernard lays in the front of the door. He muscles his way in, the dog never moves, just slides along the floor as Frank pushes the door open. Frank looks the room over.
27) 1) dialog: Unusual tactic for a guard dog, but effective. Nicki smiles, gesturing him in.
27) 3) dialog: I'm sorry to disturb you.
27) 7) dialog: You and Rachel?
27) 9) dialog: You never went back?
28) 0) text: Frank and Henry walk toward the closed garages.
28) 2) dialog: I don't want anyone on the street to be able to look at the cars and know who owns them. Henry leans in a doorway and hits a master switch. The three doors of the garage start to rise in sequence.
28) 5) dialog: Get new plates for those two.
30) 0) text: Sitting beside Henry, Frank teaches him how to spin the limo in a 180 degree 'skid turn,' sending up clouds of dust. A group of roadies watching bursts into spontan- eous applause.
34) 0) text: The room is dark. An opaque projector throws an image onto a screen; it is a letter threatening Rachel's life. We hear voices. One is Frank's; the other two belong to special agents RAY COURT and TERRY MINELLA. The letter is one of the pasted-up threats we saw being assembled earlier. It reads:
34) 9) dialog: That's what her manager thinks.
34) 13) dialog: Yeah.
34) 15) dialog: (noncommittal)
35) 0) text: Minella and Court walk Frank to the lobby.
35) 10) dialog: Thanks. (a pause)
35) 13) dialog: Why am I getting all this cooperation?
35) 16) dialog: I'm trying to keep her away from crowds.
36) 0) text: It's busy. Lots of customers arriving, leaving and seated at tables. Waiters criss-cross the terrace. Near the entrance, Rachel is saying goodbye to a middle-aged WOMAN. Frank stands nearby with Nicki. The Woman says something to Rachel, who turns and looks at Frank. Rachel whispers something to the Woman and they both laugh. They kiss and Rachel moves toward the entrance.
36) 3) text: Goodbye, Nicki. So great to see you. Nicki waves and follows Rachel. Frank stays very close without seeming to walk with Rachel. A little girl darts into their path and approaches Rachel Rachel glances at Frank, who has stopped with her, then she signs an autograph for the girl. The girl's mother, close behind her, hands a small camera casually to Nicki to be photographed as she and her daughter pose with Rachel. Frank watches Nicki quietly comply. Rachel, Spector and Frank all reach the front entrance together, and Frank slips out first, glancing around. Rachel comes out and passes within inches of him.
37) 0) text: Rachel attracts the usual stares from passersby. As they reach the limousine, Frank continues scanning the street. Tony stares at him, uncomprehending.
37) 2) text: Hey, let's go. Frank takes a last look then gets into the front seat next to Tony.
37) 3) dialog: (across Tony)
37) 4) text: O.K. Henry, let's go. Tony looks at Frank, eyes narrowing. From across the street, we see the limo pull away. As the shot clears, the dark shape of another vehicle appears, slowly moving into frame over the top of the camera.
38) 0) text: Frank sits beside Tony, next to the door.   Tony speaks to him in a near whisper.
38) 5) text: I do things the way she likes. Her happiness is everything to me. Frank speaks while concentrating on the mirror. FRANK
38) 7) text: I handle things fine, Frank. You watch me and you'll learn something. FRANK
38) 9) text: Is that him? Frank shakes his head, he's not sure.   Tony reacts. TONY
38) 10) text: Hey, what's going on? FRANK
38) 13) dialog: whispers to Henry. FRANK
38) 17) dialog: No, just slow down. The car slows.
40) 0) text: Frank speaks to Henry.
40) 1) dialog: Stop here... Take them to the house. Frank jumps out and jumps a hedge, racing toward the lawn and work area.
41) 0) text: As Frank comes through some bushes, he suddenly catches a glimpse of the 4 X 4 through the trees. It starts to accelerate. As it pulls away (it is too far to record the license number), he breaks into a full run toward the other end of the property. Leaping hedges, Frank crashes through tropical vegetation CRASHING through a bamboo forest, he scurries down a steep wooded slope toward the road below. The 4 X 4 can be glimpsed through the trees as he runs to head it off.
42) 0) text: The fortification  continues as workmen tighten screws, install electrical  wiring, test alarms. As Frank watches over the work, we  see him show Henry how to wear a SURV KIT communications  system.
42) 1) dialog: Keep this loose. Fletcher comes to take a look too.   He peers up at Frank expectantly.
42) 3) dialog: Toyota.     Black.
42) 5) dialog: One snag though. Fletcher's face falls.
42) 7) dialog: 360,000 of them in Los Angeles.    I checked. Nice work, though.
42) 9) text: Well, nobody's perfect, Frank. Are they? (gesturing to the SURV KIT)
43) 0) text: Rachel has been watching Fletcher and Frank down the hill. Now she leans back on the chaise lounge where she is sunning, trying to listen to a new song on a Walkman. There is the SCREECHING howl of a DRILL on METAL from the direction of the house. Rachel jumps up and yells toward the house.
45) 0) text: In a BIG CLOSEUP ON a black and white TV screen, we see Devaney's immaculate convertible Mercedes 500SL as it roars up the drive. Frank, Henry and Fletcher watch in the newly-erected guard house. The area is greatly changed. There is a uniformed guard with an impressive array of switches, lights and phones at his command. There are several TV screens; one of them shows a series of endlessly-panning shots from cameras at the rear of
45) 4) text: She's got him by the short ones, doesn't she, Frank? Frank squelches a smile at Henry.   Where did he learn that?
45) 5) dialog: Yeah, she makes him nervous. They watch as Devaney SCREECHES to a STOP, gets out and hurries inside.
46) 14) text: Robin Leach, that's who. Rory sniggers into the back of Rachel's hair, fighting off a laugh. Rachel has difficulty keeping a straight face, too. Spector glares at them as Frank enters from the sliding door. SPECTOR
46) 15) text: You think that's funny? The man talks to 20 million people and he can't even get in here. FRANK
46) 17) text: Farmer, what is this about brunch at Charlie's? Rachel's been going there every Sunday for the last five years. FRANK
46) 23) text: Think of Fletcher -- Rachel turns ON the BLENDER, drowning out Nicki's voice. Frank looks at Rachel coolly. She stares at him petulantly, then turns OFF the BLENDER. RACHEL
46) 29) text: That's right. Devaney looks at Frank imploringly. FRANK
46) 31) text: And I want to be able to eat brunch with my friends. FRANK
46) 35) text: Tuesday -- morning -- brunch. Where did you find this guy? Rachel turns ON the BLENDER and stares at Frank.
48) 3) text: Take it all, darlin'. Frank leans casually against a wall, not watching Rachel, but watching the shop, watching the street outside. Rachel finds something she likes.
48) 6) text: (to Frank, indicating the open booth) Farmer, do you want to come in here with me? Just to be safe? Frank glances at her, then resumes his surveillance of the shop. Rachel's head bobs up and down above the curtain as she changes. RACHEL
48) 7) text: You probably won't believe this, but I have a reputation for being a bitch. Frank says nothing. He gazes outside through the store- front window and sees Henry and Tony horsing around next to the limo. A few small boys stand around the car. One of them is climbing onto the hood. RACHEL
48) 8) text: I didn't used to be. But you get known for being a certain way -- a way people think you are -- and pretty soon you get like that. Can't help it. Frank smiles knowingly.   Rachel notices. RACHEL
48) 9) text: You don't think so? You're such an expert on famous people? FRANK
48) 11) text: And you disagree? FRANK
48) 12) text: (very flat) You can be as you choose to be. It's an act of discipline sometimes, but it can be done. Rachel stops in her tracks... then opens the curtains and looks at herself in the mirror. Also reflected in the mirror is Frank. RACHEL
48) 15) text: (without interest) That's right. Rachel turns to Frank. RACHEL
48) 16) text: Can't you answer straight just once? Why don't you talk to me? I'm not such a bad lady. FRANK
48) 17) text: You're too clever for me.   I can't keep up. Frank continues to search the shop and street with his gaze. Rachel steps closer to him. RACHEL
48) 18) text: Look at me, Farmer! Frank turns and looks at her. RACHEL
48) 19) text: You don't approve of me, do you? FRANK
48) 21) text: Don't like emotions getting to you, huh? Never mix business with pleasure? FRANK
48) 23) text: Grab that would you? Frank takes a beat.   Looks out the window. FRANK
48) 24) text: I'm here to keep you alive... not to help you shop. Fuming, Rachel sizes things up, then grabs it herself, whipping the curtain shut behind her. A smile plays across Frank's face.
49) 1) text: Frank sits alone in his room, lit by the glow of the TV, dressed in a business-style blue suit and tie. He's watching Rachel's videos. Scattered around the video player are a collection of other Rachel Marron CD's, tapes and videos. Frank has been noting down lyrics on the yellow legal pad on his lap. Some of the phrases are circled. As he watches, we see a subtle change in his expression. It is as if he really were looking at Rachel for the firs time, here, watching her sing. For a second, she seems to be singing to him alone, passionate and vulnerable. He opens a small box and removes a tiny enamelled Russian Orthodox-type cross. He fastens the clasp, checking that it holds, then looks back to the screen.
51) 0) text: The room is surprisingly bare and simple, almost empty apart from Rachel's collection of old and faded dolls on the shelves and on the bed. Rachel is getting dressed for the evening. A hairdresser stands behind her, fussing with her hair. Rachel hears the MUSIC coming from outside and moves to the window. (The hairdresser moves with her, still busy with the brush.) Gazing across the garden, she sees the light in Frank's room and hears her own voice singing out from there too.
52) 0) text: Frank is showing Henry how to check the underside of the limo with an angled mirror on a stick. Both are crouched beside the vehicle. A noise makes them look up. Rachel, dressed to the nines and looking very sexy, emerges from the house with Spector and Devaney. Spector's carrying a videotape. Tony follows as they head for the car, where
52) 2) text: (to Henry) I thought it was dinner. Henry shrugs. FRANK
52) 4) text: The Mayan, Frank. FRANK
52) 6) text: It's a club, Frank. Come on, Henry, let's go. FRANK
52) 8) text: I just did. He disappears inside the limo. Rachel tugs at Frank's lapels, looks him up and down, brushing something off his shoulder. Frank's annoyed. RACHEL
52) 9) text: Nice suit, Frank. Rachel is about to get in. FRANK
52) 10) text: Rachel. He removes something from his pocket, a small enameled cross. FRANK
52) 14) dialog: It's fitted with a radio transmitter. When you close the clasp, it sends a signal. If there's ever a problem and we're separated, just press it and I'll know you need me. Rachel doesn't know how to respond. She's stuck for words. Spector pokes his head out impatiently.
53) 0) text: Frank rides beside Tony in the front seat. The RADIO PLAYS SOFTLY in the b.g. In back, Rachel, Spector and Devaney are drinking champagne. Tony burps, smiles at Frank.
57) 0) text: Frank's eyes search the crush of people, milling around outside the dressing room. A few feet away, Spector talks to a JOURNALIST who's carrying a tape recorder.
59) 0) text: Spector, Frank, and Devaney are there. Rachel seems dazed, unfocussed. Devaney hands the note to Frank.
59) 3) dialog: They didn't tell you.
59) 11) dialog: Let's get her out of here.
59) 16) dialog: We should get her out of here. Right now!
59) 23) text: How do you feel, honey? Someone comes through the door with some flowers.   Frank eases them out and gently closes the door.
59) 24) dialog: I can't protect her out there.
59) 27) dialog: He might be.
61) 0) text: Frank guides Rachel toward the stage exit. A roar from the audience begins. "Rachel! Rachel! Rachel!" It grows louder as they near the exit. Rachel's expression is a combination of fear and humiliation. When they have almost reached the exit, she stops.
61) 2) dialog: Rachel... don't do it.    It's not worth it...
62) 6) dialog: He scans the audience intensely, face to face.
64) 0) text: Rachel approaches the end of her song, her voice coming ever stronger. Spector comes up to Frank in the wings, positioning himself combatively between Frank and his view of Rachel.
64) 2) dialog: What? Spector's presence is a distraction. Frank steps to one side for a better view of Rachel. Spector moves too.
64) 4) dialog: You told me you were going to tell her. And you didn't.
64) 6) dialog: But she handled it fine. Frank continues to peer past Spector's shoulder, his vigilance undiminished. Soothed and nurtured by the obvious admiration of her audience, Rachel's fear is beginning to vanish. The song is taking over. Spector changes tack, becoming confidential, "man-to-man."
64) 9) dialog: One word.
64) 11) dialog: One word in print about any of this... Spector nods, half-gasping. Frank tightens his grip. Frank's attention is drawn by a renewed roar from the crowd.
65) 0) text: Rachel scans the crowd, spread before her like a surreal mural. Camera flashbulbs explode like crazy through the glare. The thundering adoration is like a stimulant. She darts a look to Frank and gives him a fierce "naughty girl" smile.
65) 7) text: I want to dance... She skitters to the other side of the stage, baiting her fans. Her new video explodes across the video wall behind her. The crowd surges forward. Two security guards nervously tense up, watching the crowd. When one fan tries to climb onstage, Frank reaches out and unbalances him, so that the man falls back into the audience. Another man climbs the stage on the other side. One of the guards darts out like a ballboy at a tennis match, pushes the fan back and scurries to the far side to resume his vigilance. The crowd is getting even more excited, pressing closer, trying to touch Rachel. The security guards move in, but Rachel gestures for them to back off.
65) 8) dialog: Frank's task has suddenly become impossible. A forest of hands and faces start to engulf Rachel. Anyone could be the killer. Frank's eyes  dart over them all, his gaze intense, as if trying to hold them off by sheer willpower
65) 9) text: Looking offstage at Frank. His frustration is almost intoxicating to her. She struts over the lip of the stage. A man leaps up from audience to join her. Frank starts forward. Rachel gestures to him to hold back, waving him off.
66) 0) text: Spector stands well out of Frank's reach, staring at Rach onstage. He catches Frank's attention, yelling back defiantly.
67) 0) text: Rachel dances erotically with the man -- bumping and grinding, sinking to her knees. The crowd roars approval. Frank quickly sizes up the scene. He speaks into a SURV KIT microphone in his sleeve. Across the room we see Henry listening, pushing an earpiece to his ear. Henry quickly scurries to an exit. Frank starts moving toward the stage. At that moment, the lucky man Rachel's dancing with grabs her around the waist and spins her gleefully, like the dance partner she has been pretending to be. One of security guards rushes forward to extri- cate her. The spinning man inadvertently bumps hard into the guard and the man loses his grip on Rachel. She flies out of his grasp and tumbles off the front of the stage -- into the adoring arms of a half dozen fans. The audience goes wild. This is the kind of thing Rachel was famous for when she was starting out. The scene resembles a rugby scrum... with Rachel the ball. Frank sees Rachel being passed over the heads of fans -- deeper into the audience. Her dress is ripped and torn apart. The silver headpiece is dislodged and disappears into the crowd.
67) 5) dialog: Tony, not there.
69) 0) text: Rachel and Frank emerge from the darkness between two garbage bins and get into the limo Henry has waiting ther The car moves out with a SCREECH of tires, narrowly missi Spector as he staggers out of the building.
70) 0) text: Frank turns and looks at Rachel.    She is diminutive, doll-like, alone in the center of   the large limousine seat. Her  hands rise to her face   and her body begins t shake with sobs as she sits there   alone in the tattered remains of her dress. Frank turns away to avoid staring at her, but he feels
70) 3) dialog: It's been a long night.
72) 0) text: Fletcher is asleep in his bed. Frank waits as Rachel glances in. Then she moves away. Opening the door to her room, she steps back, allowing him to enter ahead.
73) 0) text: Frank moves quickly into the room, checking the window and French door. Rachel waits silently by the door. All is clear. He steps back to the door. As he approaches her she begins to tremble. He gently reaches out and takes her in his arms. Slowly holding her he leads her to bed, moving aside some of Rachel's dolls, laid out on the pillows. Her hands go automatically to her dress but they are shaking so badly she cannot undo it. Frank gently does it for her. She willingly allows him to undress her and not a word is spoken between them. As she sits naked still trembling, he pulls down the covers and guides her gently into bed. As he adjusts the covers she reaches up and takes hold of his hand. He looks down, stroking her forehead like a child's.
73) 3) dialog: I know why.
74) 0) text: Frank sits alone at a table in the huge kitchen, care- fully cutting and eating a peach.  The door at the other end of the room slams open and Tony stalks in, soaking wet. He has just made his way home  from the MAYAN and he is boiling. He sights on Frank and  moves toward him fast Frank just watches until Tony is almost upon him. As Tony reaches out to lift him by his shirt, Frank spins low out of his seat. Tony's legs are knocked out from under him. He lands hard on his back and finds himself looking up at Frank, who holds him down with the chair he was sitting on, like a lion tamer, a leg strut pressed against Tony's throat. Frank looks down at him question- ingly, as if to ask, "Had enough?" Tony scowls and nods. Frank lifts the chair away. Tony stands up and faces him. Frank turns away and Tony throws a punch at his head, barely catching him as Frank ducks and moves in under it. He hits Tony twice and throws him against a cabinet. Tony gets up slowly, looks around and grabs a carving knife from a hook on the wall. He holds it in front of him threateningly. Frank shakes his head. He's getting irritated. He picks up the knife he's been using on the peach and flips it in his hand so he's holding it by the blade. With the same fluid motion we've seen earlier, he throws it at Tony. It sticks in the wall an inch from Tony's ear. Tony does a slow take and then lowers his blade. Frank picks up his dirty dish and takes it to the sink. He glances at Tony.
74) 1) dialog: I don't want to talk about this again.
75) 0) text: Frank has been talking to the uniformed guard in the gate house and now begins walking up the drive toward the man- sion. The grounds are quiet, beautiful, misty. We see him from behind some foliage, as if he's being covertly observed, stalked. A twig snaps and he turns sharply. It's Rachel. She's dressed in a soft jumpsuit and starts jogging out from behind the bushes towards him
75) 2) text: Hey!   Gotcha, didn't I? FRANK
75) 4) text: You're probably wondering what I'm doing. (as Frank nods) You didn't know I jogged, did you? Frank shakes his head. RACHEL
75) 5) text: What's the matter? 'Fraid I'll get picked off in my snazzy running suit? FRANK
75) 7) text: Great.    I guess I can't do it. Rachel stops pumping, gasps for air, and for one moment, rests a hand on Frank's arm to support herself. She removes it quickly. RACHEL
75) 8) text: Will you walk with me a little? Frank nods and they cut off across the grounds. RACHEL
75) 9) text: (hard for her) I know this is kinda late, but thank you. I'm really glad you're here. (she looks at him) I'm going to try to cooperate. FRANK
75) 15) text: So... that's what I was wondering ... you know. What do you think? But only if you want to. Frank is bemused.
80) 0) text: Frank and Rachel exit with a small crowd.    Rachel wears scarf and tinted glasses. The combination    goes a long way toward disguising her. They pause at    one of the di play windows. Inside is a poster for the    movie, Yojimb a large picture of Toshiro Mifune looking   scruffy and fierce.
80) 2) dialog: There's a big difference between wanting to die and having no fear of death. They walk down the sidewalk.
80) 4) dialog: What do you think?
80) 6) dialog: Yeah, it was a good movie. They walk off down the sidewalk.
80) 8) dialog: Sixty-two.
81) 2) dialog: Yeah.
81) 4) dialog: Absolutely.
81) 6) dialog: If someone is willing to swap his life for a kill, nothing can stop him.
81) 8) dialog: He might get me instead.
81) 10) dialog: That's my job. Rachel looks at him.
81) 12) dialog: I can't sing.
81) 14) dialog: You mean like you?    It's a matter
81) 16) text: I don't trust discipline. At the crucial moment I'd cop out. FRANK
81) 18) text: But not with you, Fierce Frank. FRANK
81) 20) text: Have you ever liked anybody? FRANK
81) 22) text: Like me -- a girl. Frank knows what she's driving at. But he's not at all happy to relinquish this information. FRANK
81) 24) text: What happened? Do you mind if I ask? FRANK
81) 26) text: I don't want to pry... Frank smiles at that. RACHEL
81) 28) text: She didn't die did she? You weren't like... protecting her and she got killed? Frank is silent, grim.    Rachel looks stricken. RACHEL
81) 31) dialog: Nobody's perfect. Rachel is taken aback.
81) 33) dialog: No... Nice try though. (pause)
81) 34) text: It was less dramatic than that. She didn't love me anymore. Can you imagine such a thing? Frank puts a smiling spin on this last; it's pretty charming. Rachel looks at him.
82) 0) text: Frank and Rachel navigate a tiny dance floor. Frank is a surprisingly good dancer and is comfortable being this close to her. Rachel hums softly, picking up the words to the song.   A we listen to the lyrics something clicks in her head.
82) 2) dialog: Yeah. A beat, then Rachel bursts out laughing.
82) 3) dialog: (reddening)
82) 8) dialog: (grinning)
82) 9) text: It is, isn't it. Suddenly a dish drops to the floor. Frank, still dancing, makes a smooth quick turn that puts his body between Rachel and the noise. His head turns to locate the source of the noise.
83) 0) text: Frank's car is parked in the driveway.    A light goes on in a basement window.
84) 0) text: Frank hangs back, drink in hand, as Rachel explores the basement. Frank has fitted it out as a combination gym/ target range/weapons workshop. The place has a kind of unfussy order about it, a simplicity.
84) 4) text: West Virginia University Football. God, look at you. She looks at Frank, quizzically.
84) 8) text: Were you tough? FRANK
84) 10) text: You some kind of a samurai, too? Frank smiles. RACHEL
84) 11) text: They said you were in the Secret Service. What made you get out? Frank moves away and sits on a sofa against the wall. FRANK
84) 12) text: Money. Rachel looks around at Frank's modest home. RACHEL
84) 13) text: I can see your tastes are extravagant. She looks at Frank and then back at the sword.   She reaches out to touch it. RACHEL
84) 14) text: May I? Frank nods. Rachel takes it off its mount carefully, unhooks the scabbard and begins to slide it off. FRANK
84) 15) text: Watch yourself. Rachel slides the scabbard off. The naked blade is breathtaking. Rachel holds the sword out before her. She walks toward Frank, then stops and looks over the blade at him. RACHEL
84) 16) text: You're a hard one to figure, Frank Farmer. He stares at her. She steps closer, so the blade is only about a foot from his face.
84) 19) dialog: Watch this. He has raised the scarf over his head, in   the space between them. With two hands he spreads    it out and the lets it go. Slowly, billowing, the scarf    floats down over the blade and is cut in two. These    two pieces flo slowly to the floor. Frank takes Rachel's wrist and moves the sword away to the side. They are both holding it as Rachel presses her body against Frank's and they begin to kiss.
86) 3) dialog: Right now it might not be so hard. Rachel laughs, kisses him and buries her head down into his shoulder. Frank stares across the bed at the samurai sword lying on the floor. Some of Rachel's clothing is draped in a heap across it. The torn pieces of her scarf lie nearby. HOLD ON Frank's look.
87) 0) text: The roller-blind is raised with a sharp, snapping sound. Frank is moving around the room, getting dressed. Rachel
87) 2) text: What? What is it? What are you doing? Frank keeps moving, looking for his shoes. RACHEL
87) 3) text: Frank? FRANK
87) 5) text: I'm not confused. Frank finds his shoes. FRANK
87) 7) text: What? Have I done something wrong? FRANK
87) 10) text: Do you want me to beg? FRANK
87) 12) text: What's going on, Frank? FRANK
87) 15) text: And what is that exactly?    Making me feel like shit? FRANK
87) 17) text: Don't apologize for godsake. Just tell me what I did. I'm a big girl. FRANK
87) 19) text: Your "client"? FRANK
87) 21) text: What mistake?... You don't find me attractive anymore. FRANK
87) 23) text: And what?   That's it for me? FRANK
87) 25) text: I don't believe it. He automatically checks the gun as he slips it into the holster. FRANK
87) 27) text: But I can't fuck you. Frank turns and looks at her.    This is hard for him, to RACHEL
88) 0) text: A nanny sits in the early morning mist, embroidering. Frank is kneeling with Fletcher beside the pool. He's putting new batteries into Fletcher's boat. Fletcher watches him as he tears off the wrapping from the batteries, much preoccupied.
88) 2) text: She's real mad at you, isn't she? Frank stops what he's doing and just looks blankly at the batteries in his hands. There's a beat of silence.
88) 4) dialog: I've spent a lot of time learning not to react to things like other people do. It's my job. But it doesn't always work, Fletcher... it doesn't always work.
88) 6) dialog: (looks at him)
88) 11) text: Thought you'd like to know. Everyone said she was a sure thing. Of course, you know all about that. She raises an eyebrow, gives him a look. Frank looks steadily back at her. She drops a small pile of mail beside the magazines... several letters and a small packet. She's embarrassed by Frank's gaze.
89) 0) text: Frank is investigating the small packet, with a surgeon's precision, checking it with a stethoscope and a metal detector, sniffing at it. It has been addressed in the normal way, except that Rachel's name has been cut out of a magazine and pasted above the address. He begins carefully slicing away the wrapping. Inside is a cardboard box. The contents are still hidden by packing paper. He picks it away with tweezers. Suddenly there is a LOUD BUZZING from the box and movement in the paper. Frank drops the box into a bed of sand in a sink surrounded by sandbags. The movement slows and stops. Frank extracts the item -- it is a wind-up mechanical beaver with a hand-painted sign hung around its neck: WE LOVE YOU, RACHEL YOUR FANS IN BEAVER, PA. SALLY AND KATE.
89) 1) text: The beaver's TEETH CLICK in Frank's hand. We see Frank's face. This may just have taken years off his life. He holds his hand out straight, palm downwards,
90) 0) text: The office is filled with congratulatory balloons and flowers heralding the morning's news. Spector's secretary is taking congratulatory phone messages at a desk in the b.g. Two assistants are struggling in through the door with a large basketed floral arrangement. Spector confronts Frank across his desk.
90) 2) dialog: Don't you ever say what's on your mind? Spector cannot believe he's being so addressed -- especially in front the staff. The assistants stop in their tracks and look.
90) 4) text: What's on my mind is that you're fired, Frank. She missed all her interviews yesterday because of your little date. Do you realize she stood up Barbara Walters? First you fuck up her career... Behind Spector, out of his line of sight, Rachel and Devaney appear in the doorway with more cards. They also stop and listen.
90) 6) dialog: That's between us.
90) 11) text: Frank stays. Spector looks round, sees that Devaney and Rachel have been listening. Rachel is silent. With a curt nod of his head, Spector gestures to the assistants to leave the room. Devaney weighs in. DEVANEY
90) 16) text: (flatly) Frank stays. Spector considers her for a beat, then looks at the other The secretary interrupts from the back of the office. SECRETARY (O.S.)
90) 17) text: Mr. Schiller calling on line one... Spector ignores her, still holding his look at Devaney, Rachel and Frank. SPECTOR
90) 21) text: (into phone) Yeah?... Sure, put him on... Ben how are you?... uh huh... Frank and Rachel look at each other in silence. SPECTOR
90) 22) text: ...The Ambassador? What the hell are you trying to pull, Ben? Rachel always gets the Presidential... I don't care what you thought... Devaney leans to Frank as Spector's conversation continue in the b.g. DEVANEY
90) 23) text: Do you know the Fontainebleau Hotel in Miami Beach? Frank nods. DEVANEY
90) 24) text: How does the Ambassador Suite compare to the Presidential for us? Frank thinks only for a moment. FRANK
90) 26) text: (into phone) ... I'm aware of that, Ben, but let me just remind you people that you invited us... Frank turns toward the door.
92) 0) text: Frank looks up at the disappearing helicopter then down
92) 2) dialog: Thuringer. Frank kneels and inspects the fixture that anchors it to the cement balcony: the cement crumbles around it, a weld joint is broken on the side. THURINGER, the hotel security chief, joins Frank on the balcony. Frank shakes the railing.
93) 0) text: Frank walks quickly across the living  room of the lavish suite.  Two uniformed security guards  are making a sweep of the room with POLICE DOGS. Frank   checks the drawer o a side table and then seals it with a  peel-off security tape.  Thuringer is waiting near the  entrance hall. Frank nods to him.
93) 1) dialog: Okay.   Let's go.
94) 0) text: This is a semi-private corridor; several hotel employees are steam-cleaning the carpet. Frank looks at them, then Thuringer.
94) 8) text: Theirs is the only suite on the floor. The two men reach the service elevator and the emergency exit door at the end of the hall. Frank opens the stair- way door and goes inside. Thuringer follows.
95) 0) text: The doorway closes behind the two men. Frank tries it; it's locked. They continue down the stairs.
96) 0) text: Frank and Thuringer walk into and along the edge of the busy kitchen.
97) 0) text: Frank walks ahead of Thuringer. He looks around and pauses at the edge of the stage. Then he steps out on a stage. A piano tuner is at work in the corner.
98) 1) text: as he looks out at the mammoth room. Frank stands center stage and looks around. The naked- ess of this spot gets to him. He shakes his head and looks at Thuringer. Thuringer smiles.
98) 2) dialog: What a silly job this is.
99) 0) text: Behind the glass doors that lead to the pool, bright quartz lights clock on. A camera crew stands waiting. Someone mimes a "we're rolling" sign with his hands. Inside Rachel waits with Spector and BEN SCHILLER, the tough, fat fellow who owns the place. Frank is at her elbow.
99) 2) dialog: Is this really necessary?
100) 4) text: Great, babe. They got what they needed. Let's get back inside. Frank increases his pace to keep by Rachel's side, gently easing a path for her. Schiller scurries behind in Frank's wake. Rachel turns suddenly as a tall good-looking lifeguard appears in the throng. She eyes him appreciatively. RACHEL
100) 5) text: (to lifeguard) You look like a man of good taste to me. Come to my party tonight. (to Schiller) Ben, make sure this boy gets to my party. Schiller nods. Rachel glances at Frank, making sure he gets the point, and then she's off again. The throng gets tighter. Frank's having to work harder, steering her towards the door back into the hotel. The familiar chant starts up: "Rachel, Rachel." It's starting to resemble the frenzy of the opening scene. This time, amid the thrusting hands and clamoring faces, a few bewildered elderly guests look dazed as they are shoved forward. A child starts crying, lost in the mess of legs and Bermuda shorts. A distraught mother tries to reach him. Someone is jostled into the pool as the crowd surges again. Amid the chaos, whistles and scattered applause.   Rachel drinks it all in. RACHEL
100) 6) text: (over her shoulder) Thank you. Thank you. Come tonight and give till it hurts. With a final surge, Frank makes it to the door with his party. The door closes shut behind them. A mass of distorted faces pushes onto the glass. The party walks on briskly. RACHEL
100) 10) text: Kick me, beat me... whatever makes you feel good. But let's not pretend you don't like it. We're too close for that. Whipping people into a frenzy is why you got into it in the first place. Rachel's eyes lock with  Spector's -- there's a real conn tion and understanding  here that she spends a lot of tim denying. Frank sees it   as clearly as Spector, whose ton becomes almost soothing  --
104) 0) text: Tony sits in a chair watching TV, a drink in his hand, oblivious to all. The lifeguard shuts Rachel's door be- hind him and makes his way down to the party. He pauses at the head of the stairs, checking out the party, and grabs a glass of champagne from a passing waiter. Frank catches the movement; the two men briefly lock eyes. The lifeguard responds with a knowing smile.
105) 0) text: Thuringer has set up a checkpoint through which all guests are passing. As they get off the elevator, they walk up to a desk manned by one of Thuringer's uniformed guards. When their names have been checked off a master list, they walk past another guard wielding a metal detector. No one likes it, but they all do it. Most of the local TV stations have sent camera crews. handheld cameras move among the guests, their bright lights flaring. FLASHBULBS POP. It's a local media event. Frank squints as a quartz light shines straight in his face. A tall, fit, athletic-looking man raises his arms; is cleared by the metal detector. He is GREG PORTMAN.
106) 0) text: Portman makes his way through the crowd to the bar. His eyes scan the suite. His gaze settles on Frank checking out the people who filter in. Portman appears next to Frank.
106) 4) text: Buy you a drink? FRANK
106) 6) text: (nods) Technically I'm off duty,   but the Governor may show up here   later, so I thought I'd give it   a light check. (smiles) Someone else is covering   him right now. FRANK
106) 8) text: Maybe eighteen. You working? Rachel makes her entrance, and poses self-mocking on the landing above the crowd, accepting applause. She has succeeded in under-dressing everyone in the room. She is a star. Frank nods in her direction... that's his client. PORTMAN
106) 12) text: Handful. Frank's look says if you only knew the half of it.
106) 14) text: I heard you had to take someone out in New York. Frank remembers. PORTMAN
106) 16) dialog: Yeah. PORTMAN
106) 19) dialog: Surprised?
106) 22) text: No. Only my qualifications for the priesthood. You were always clear about that. Anyway, I appreciate it. I had to turn it down but I appreciate it. Portman notices Rachel looking at him, as she makes her way to them. Rachel takes Frank's orange juice and sips. Makes a very funny face. RACHEL
106) 33) text: Two samurai, eh? Frank and Portman eye each other.
106) 38) text: 'cause I'm the only one in the room who needs protection. She gives Frank a look and leads Portman into the crowd.
107) 1) text: Rachel leans into Portman; heads together, they whisper intimately. Rachel laughs, then for a brief moment, turns her head to look directly at Frank. Her look is petulant, defiant. Portman does not see this.
109) 0) text: Rachel and Portman are poised precariously halfway over the railing. Frank's hand shoots out, grabs Rachel's wrist and tugs at the pair of them. Portman regains his balance first and pulls Rachel back from the edge.
109) 1) dialog: What happened!
109) 7) text: You saved my life. Frank eyes the newly-welded anchor fixture.   It has held. Rachel takes Portman by the arm.   The front of her dress is stained with champagne.
110) 3) dialog: Why don't you go back there and keep watching? Frank looks at Rachel's doorway, sipping his juice.
112) 0) text: Frank still looks at Rachel's doorway, thinking. After a moment, he walks across the room to the sliding doors that lead to the balcony outside.
113) 0) text: Frank steps outside. No one there. The moonlight re- flects off the ocean. The SURF sounds a STEADY BEAT. It is peaceful and quiet. A relief. On the Katz's balcony, forty feet away, little Mark Katz is leaning against the railing, staring at Rachel's suite. Frank smiles at him.
113) 1) dialog: (softly)
113) 2) text: Go to sleep. Frank looks out at the ocean. After a pause, in the background, Mark slips inside the Katz suite.
115) 0) text: Frank looks out at the ocean. ECHOING on the soundtrack, we hear the song 'WHAT BECOMES OF THE BROKEN HEARTED' that Rachel and Frank danced to. It sounds slow and sweet and a long way away. Frank stares out at the ocean. Totally divorced from everything in the suite behind him, in the world around him. There is only the moon and the ocean. For this
117) 0) text: Frank is sitting at the kitchen table eating a sandwich. Behind him, in the dining room, a Cuban maid has set a place with breakfast. She is pouring orange juice as Rachel walks in. Rachel sits down at the table as though the walk in had been a terrible effort. She looks at the breakfast with distaste and picks up the coffee. Frank continues to eat. Rachel looks at him.
117) 2) text: Frank looks at her, continues to eat.
117) 4) text: Frank has to smile at this, which makes Rachel even angrier.
117) 6) dialog: Give me a break, will ya? I didn't tell you to fuck everybody in the hotel!
119) 0) text: Frank is on the courtesy phone.
119) 1) dialog: Yeah, well, don't take too long, Ray.
121) 0) text: Frank comes in and looks around quickly.
121) 3) dialog: Where is she? Where's Tony?
122) 0) text: Frank is at the telephone; he punches out three numbers.
122) 1) dialog: (into phone)
122) 3) text: Well get someone up here. Frank hangs up the phone, looks at Devaney.
122) 4) dialog: He doesn't know. They look at each other, worried. Frank walks out onto the balcony, looks round and down, comes back in. He heads for the front door.
123) 0) text: Frank is almost at the door. We hear LAUGHTER. A key turns in the lock. Rachel and Tony come through the door in high spirits, their arms full of shopping bags and packages. Frank stops dead and    watches. Rachel glances at him an goes into the living    room. Tony looks at him meaning- fully and follows.     Frank reflects for a moment, then pulls the front door    closed, oh so gently.
124) 6) text: You know you're not supposed to do that. Frank and Rachel look at each other.
124) 10) dialog: I'm gonna check the route.    As usual. He opens the front door. A uniformed guard is standing outside. Frank goes out and closes the door.
125) 0) text: Frank's face shows the tension and the anger.    The ele- vator descends.
126) 0) text: Frank walks along the edge of the kitchen, looks over the workers. A kitchen worker is in Frank's path. He looks up, sees Frank's face and scurries out of his way.
127) 2) dialog: Gomez!   Louis Gomez! He waits impatiently. No one comes. Two quick steps and he is back at the CRATES, throwing them violently into the corner where they CLATTER loudly to the floor. Frank walks on along the corridor. He stops, noticing something around the side. He investigates. An ENORMOUS CUBAN is sitting on some boxes in the shadows. He doesn't bat an eye when he sees Frank. FRANK
127) 5) dialog: Move it. The Enormous Cuban gets slowly up from the boxes. towers over Frank. ENORMOUS CUBAN
127) 6) text: Shove it up you ass, motherfucker. Frank has had   enough for one      afternoon. He hits th Cuban low and   hard. The man       crumples forward, hur but manages to   enfold Frank      in an awesome bear hug weight carries   them backward      in Frank's direction. The Cuban continues      moving in that direction, but Fr is no longer in his      grasp. Instead, incredibly, Fran seems to have passed      through the man's body and flic him into the corner      of the stairwell. The Cuban hits the wall hard. Jarred but not lost, he comes up and out wielding a long mop as if it were a baseball bat. Frank steps in and      under the man's long arms and hit four times around      the chest and jaw. Each of Frank's hands lands twice,      their movement is barely visible. The solid THUDDING      tells the story. Frank strikes bo
127) 8) text: Stop! Please. Don't hurt him. Please stop! Frank looks up. A hotel CLEANING WOMAN, carrying her purse, is running towards them, tears already on her face.
127) 10) dialog: I'm sorry. Frank steps away, rubs a hand through his hair, tries to collect himself. He's standing amidst dumpsters and discarded food boxes. He looks up and sees a marquee. RACHEL MARRON.   TONITE.   BENEFIT CONCERT.    8 P.M.
129) 0) text: Frank comes in the front door. He's had it. Devaney, who has been sitting alone in the living room, stubs out a cigarette and stands to meet him. Frank doesn't pause.
129) 1) dialog: I'm through. I'll get you back to L.A. and that's it. The guy with Fletcher can cover you till you get a replacement.
129) 3) dialog: (moving toward balcony)
129) 6) dialog: (across him)
129) 7) text: Save it, Devaney. The people who hire me don't have to be convinced to save their own lives. Frank reaches the sliding door that leads to the balcony.
129) 8) dialog: Call me when she's ready to go down.
130) 0) text: Frank looks out at the ocean. The breeze washes over his face. A huge brightly-lit yacht is sailing by, close to shore. Frank looks at it reflectively.
130) 4) text: I need you... I'm afraid... and I hate it. I hate my fear... (a beat) Please protect me... Protect Fletcher... If anything happened to him... Frank looks at her. Tears are destroying her elaborate stage makeup. She wipes them away with her hand. FRANK
130) 6) text: I'll do whatever you say. This is the first time Frank has ever heard Rachel say that. He studies her, then looks out at the ocean. FRANK
130) 7) text: I want to take you away for a while. Rachel nods. FRANK
130) 10) dialog: No Spector or Devaney or Tony. He looks at her, reading her face for any hesitation. There is none.
130) 11) dialog: If you cross me up this time, I'll kill you myself. Rachel smiles, weakly but with obvious relief.
131) 2) dialog: Lake's a little low.
131) 5) dialog: Just one.
132) 0) text: Herb squats on the floor with Fletcher. Together, they are happily playing around with the fluffy terrier. Fletcher squeals with delight as the dog licks his face. Henry brings the remaining luggage through. Rachel and Nicki stand with Frank near the archway. All eyes are on
132) 3) dialog: He's a trained noisemaker.
132) 5) dialog: I don't like big dogs. They don't know who they're eating.
133) 2) text: Frank's momma. There's the COUGH and SPUTTER of an outboard MOTOR from outside. Rachel looks from the kitchen window and sees Fletcher and Frank in the small skiff by the dock. Fletcher tugs again on the starter cord.       At the thi tug he tumbles backwards onto the seat.
133) 5) text: Frank tells me you're a singer.
133) 13) text: We buried Katherine that day. Rachel looks out again at Frank and Fletcher in the boat.
134) 0) text: Fletcher, Rachel and Frank are chugging across the golden water in the skiff. Fletcher sits at the back, operating the outboard, controlling the movements of the boat. He wears a life vest. Rachel watches him proudly. Fletcher locks the throttle into place and takes his hands off it for a laughing moment with a "Look, Mom, no hands" gesture. Rachel looks to Frank and smiles, the wind blowing her hair.
135) 1) dialog: I don't want anyone going out in it until you've checked it over first. Okay? Every time. Henry nods.
135) 4) dialog: Every time. In the distance, Rachel and Fletcher have just reached the house where Nicki scoops up Fletcher and spins him round and round in a circle. She hugs him close and kisses his hair.  After a few moments, Fletcher squirms free and runs to catch up with Rachel.
136) 0) text: Rachel, munching on a raw carrot, browses a row of family photographs. The sounds of dinner being prepared come from the kitchen. We see the history of the family in the pictures; Frank as a ten-year-old baseball player with a younger Herb; Herb as Police Chief of Bend, Oregon, being given a civic award; Frank as a college football wide receiver; Herb and Katherine Farmer, all dressed up and being introduced to Jimmy Carter by Frank; the picture-perfect family home in Oregon with Katherine tending flowers. Rachel notices a photo of a smiling Henry Kissinger, talking to some female reporters. There standing shoulder-to-shoulder with him, are Frank and Portman. Portman's also smiling at the women, flirting. Frank is in a familiar pose, alert, unsmiling, vigilant. Rachel looks at the two of them for a second. Frank steps from the kitchen with an orange juice and a drink for Rachel in his hand. He watches her for a moment as she studies the photo. She turns and sees him. They lock eyes for several seconds. She smiles as he hands her the drink.
136) 1) dialog: (inclining his head toward the photo)
137) 5) dialog: Oh, for Chrissake! I'm going to tell her about the time you stripped in court. Frank gets up smiling and takes some dishes into the kitc
138) 0) text: Frank puts down the dishes in the darkened kitchen.
138) 1) dialog: (back over his shoulder)
140) 4) dialog: Three years. Nicki takes the bowl of popcorn and squats down with it beside Fletcher. Fletcher peers intently at the board as he chews on a handful.
140) 6) dialog: What do you think? Fletcher finishes a mouthful of popcorn, wipes his mouth.
140) 9) dialog: City kid. Herb pats his leg, gesturing to Fletcher to take a place on his lap.
141) 0) text: Frank stops at the end of the hallway, checking the lock on the window, the little terrier is at his heels. Rachel pauses outside the door. Frank gestures for the dog to stay. The dog sits in the middle of the hallway looking from one to the other. For a few seconds neither speaks. Frank smiles.
141) 1) dialog: Good night, Rachel. Rachel accepts this. She smiles in return and touches him on the arm, very tenderly.
143) 0) text: Fletcher is asleep, snuggled on Herb's lap by the fire. Herb is also asleep. Frank fetches a blanket and gently
144) 0) text: Frank steps quietly into the hall. Nicki is standing in the shadows. She watches as Frank goes through the ritual of locking the front door, several ways.
144) 6) dialog: You follow all her moves this closely?
144) 9) dialog: No, it isn't. He moves away into the next room.    She hesitates a moment, then follows.
144) 11) dialog: No.
144) 15) text: Is it that easy? Frank turns from the window to find Nicki blocking his ex She moves close to him and kisses him, her hands on his shoulders. The kiss ends and they look at each other. FRANK
144) 17) text: But you don't want me. Frank's look affirms it.    Nicki is embarrassed, angry. NICKI
144) 18) text: I'm surprised. Thorough fellow like you. Why stop at one sister when you can fuck them both? FRANK
144) 20) text: But you didn't say no to the boss. She starts to turn away from him, but his hands are on he now, holding her close, refusing to let her turn away. Their faces are very close.    It is tight and near here. FRANK
144) 22) text: I don't need this from you. FRANK
144) 26) dialog: Yes it is. You can walk out that fucking door anytime you want. I'll unlock it for you. Nicki looks up into his face.    Tears start in her eyes.
144) 28) dialog: Okay.     It's not my business. He moves away, OUT OF FRAME.    We HOLD ON Nicki, a long time.
145) 0) text: Bright sun. Frank and his father walk along the lake shoreline, stooping here and there to finger animal prints in the snow and mud.
145) 1) dialog: Raccoon... deer...? Herb nods. Their attention is drawn to soft singing up by the house.
149) 0) text: Herb and Frank are about to return to the house. They stop short. There, at their feet, is a line of human foot prints, from heavy snow boots, leading away into the trees. Frank looks at Herb, suddenly alert.
149) 1) dialog: Where's Fletcher? Henry appears at the porch of the house, carrying a fishing rod as he comes out. At that instant, the sound of the OUTBOARD MOTOR CRACKLES through the air. Frank's head snaps toward the boathouse. Henry, in the distance, looks quickly at the boathouse, then to Frank.
149) 3) text: Frank! I haven't... But Frank is already moving, leaping from the porch and starting to run flat out toward the boathouse and dock. Rachel turns to look. The skiff appears out of the boathouse, Fletcher at the motor, the boat's lone occupant. The boat moves slowly away from the boathouse, parallel to the dock. Frank is running toward the water with everything he's got, his face contorted. The sound of the OUTBOARD drowns out his voice as he yells.
149) 4) dialog: Fletcher!   Fletcher!
149) 13) text: Fletcher, baby. Are you all right? Baby. Fletcher, spluttering, is handed up to Rachel by Frank. Rachel hugs Fletcher to her. Herb bends down to check he's breathing properly, wrapping the boy in his jacket. HERB
149) 14) text: He's all right. Henry helps Frank up out of the water.    Frank sits on the end of the dock, breathing hard. RACHEL
149) 16) text: You're all right, baby. (back to Frank)
149) 17) text: You could have drowned him! Frank and Henry look out toward the boat which has come to a stop out in the middle of the lake. FRANK
149) 18) text: I'm sorry.   I got careless. Henry looks at Frank.    He feels terrible about not checking the boat. HENRY
149) 19) text: Frank, I'm sorry. I should have...
151) 2) dialog: (to Henry)
151) 3) text: Back off. Henry moves away from the van.   Frank inserts the key in the ignition.
154) 0) text: Henry and Herb watch.    Frank gets out of the van.   He walks to Herb.
154) 2) dialog: Both the cars are dead. And I can't see how it was done. Frank and Herb exchange a look.
154) 3) dialog: Who could know we're here? This place has nothing to do with her.
154) 6) dialog: We'll button down tonight and walk out at first light.
157) 0) text: Frank has been sitting in a chair in the center of the living room for two hours. Listening. Now we listen
158) 0) text: Nicki is sitting with her head in her hands at the kitche table, sobbing. There's a nearly empty bottle beside her. Frank is instantly on the alert but makes no sign.
158) 4) dialog: (gently)
158) 7) dialog: Tell me about it. She doesn't reply.
158) 8) dialog: Who is it, Nicki?
158) 10) dialog: How do we stop him?
158) 12) dialog: Who is it?
158) 16) text: (shaking her head) He doesn't even know who hired him. He doesn't know who I am and I don't know who he is. FRANK
158) 17) text: How'd you do it? She seems on the edge of hysteria. Frank takes her face in his hands, strokes her hair, brings her back from the brink. FRANK
158) 19) text: ...I went to a bar in East L.A. I asked around... I talked to a man... FRANK
158) 21) text: (vague) ...Armando... He arranged it. That's all I know... FRANK
158) 23) text: (nods) ... and then some... Till it's done. FRANK
158) 24) text: He keeps going until he kills her? Nicki nods again, lowering her face into her hands. FRANK
158) 26) text: I'm not sure... I was very stoned. FRANK
158) 32) dialog: We will. You and me. Tomorrow we're going back to L.A. We're going to find the bar, we're going to find Armando. He starts to rise.    She stops him.
158) 34) dialog: You told me.     She has everything. Frank stands up and begins to move across the room. Nicki puts her face in her hands and is silent for one moment. Suddenly, Frank freezes, listening.
158) 36) dialog: Stay here.    Don't move. Nicki's face shows true terror. Frank is out the door.
159) 0) text: Frank runs up them fast.    Two at a time.
162) 0) text: Frank and Herb spin around.    Rachel calls from her room
164) 0) text: Frank's head spins to Rachel's doorway, then immediately back to Herb. He starts to move towards the stairs, fast.
164) 1) dialog: (to Herb)
165) 0) text: Frank is rapidly down the stairs, gun in hand.
166) 0) text: Frank finds Nicki's body slumped against the wall.   He checks her. She's dead. The door beyond is open.     The wind blows in. Outside it's foggy.
166) 1) dialog: (yelling)
166) 4) dialog: Stay with Rachel! The DOG continues to BARK upstairs. Frank sees a slight movement outside and window to his right. A split-second moment of decision. He heads off rapidly down the hall, away from the open door.
167) 0) text: The fog is thick. Frank swiftly emerges from the back door and stops, dead still, listening. There is only the RUSTLING of TREES.
169) 0) text: Frank listens. Suddenly he hears RUNNING FOOTSTEPS, a body breaking through the bushes. Frank heads off towards the sound at a run.
172) 0) text: Frank moves quickly through the woods, passes the splintered tree. We STAY WITH him and hear the ENGINE of a CAR ROAR to life and TIRES PEEL OUT of the dirt. Frank breaks out of the woods in time to see the red lights at the back of the car as it fishtails around a bend. He EMPTIES his GUN at it. We hear GLASS SHATTERING, but the car keeps going.
173) 3) dialog: What do you mean?
173) 5) dialog: What?   Where?
174) 0) text: Minella is talking with Frank on the phone. He's looking into an observation room through a one-way window.
174) 2) dialog: You're sure it's him?
175) 1) dialog: Well, whoever you got down there wasn't here last night. This was a professional...
175) 3) dialog: How long can you keep him?
176) 0) text: Rachel's black limousine moves slowly up the winding drive, followed by a black Mercedes limousine. Behind the cars, the gates close on a large press contingent gathered outside, held back by a large number of police and security guards. A light drizzle is falling. The two cars pull up to the entrance, Henry at the wheel of Rachel's. Frank gets out of the front and opens the back door. Devaney and Spector help Rachel and Fletcher out of the car. They are all dressed in black. A few other mourners, including Emma, get out of the Mercedes. Rachel, red-eyed and weary, takes Fletcher under her arm and goes inside. She does not look at Frank.
178) 0) text: It has grown very dark in the family room. Frank is sitting all alone, perfectly still, in one of the over- stuffed chairs, the vodka bottle on a table next to him. He stares off into space. A small voice comes out of the darkness.
178) 2) dialog: Yeah, Fletcher, I'm okay.     How 'bout you?
178) 6) dialog: Yeah, Fletcher, I do. Frank puts his hand gently on Fletcher's head, but he does not look at him.
178) 7) dialog: Everybody's afraid of something, Flethcer. That's how we know we care about something, when we're afraid we'll lose it.
178) 9) dialog: I think you should try to go back to sleep now, pal.
178) 12) dialog: I'm afraid... of not being there... Fletcher stares at him, uncomprehending.
178) 13) dialog: It's late. Do you want me to take you back to your room? Fletcher shakes his head "no," just barely.    Then he disappears.
179) 0) text: Frank, silhouetted, moves toward the stairway to the main level. There is light up there.
180) 0) text: Frank begins climbing the stairs. When he has gone a quarter of the way up, Rachel appears at the top and begins walking down. At first she doesn't see Frank; when she does she hesitates a moment, then continues down. They meet and try to sidestep each other, but twice they go in the same direction, unable to get around. Rachel, already emotionally ravaged, cracks. She begins slapping Frank hard about the face and torso. One of the first blows knocks the GLASS from his hand; it SMASHES loudly against the wall. He raises his arms in a half-hearted attempt to protect himself from the onslaught. She cries as she hits him.
180) 5) text: You saw her. She never wished anyone any harm. Did she? Did she? Frank looks at her, shakes his head "no." Rachel puts her head in her hands and is silent for a few moments; her crying slows.
181) 0) text: It's bright sunshine. Fletcher is splashing noisily in the pool with a few other kids. His nanny waits patiently at the side, towels at the ready. At one side of the pool, Rachel sits, lost in thought, mourning her sister. At the other side sits Frank, also thoughtful. He, too, is trying to adjust to the tragedy for which he bears some of the responsibility. The SHOUTS and LAUGHTER of the kids continue.
182) 0) text: The guardhouse at the main gate is brilliantly illumi- nated in the distance. The guard patrols at his station. Inside, the T.V. screens flicker and glow. Perched on the top of a slight   hill, Frank sits alone a motionless under a big tree.    He gazes down at the gate house, his face lit softly by   the glow from its lamps. All around him the rest of the   estate is quiet and tranquil in the moonlight. After a moment, another silhouetted figure slowly ap- proaches and stands beside him. It's Rachel.
182) 4) dialog: He knows he still hasn't got you.
182) 8) text: The Oscars? FRANK
182) 11) text: If everyone of those pikers comes through, it could add up to a lot of money. FRANK
182) 14) text: I didn't get to this place in my life by doing the smart thing every time. (as Frank nods) How 'bout you, Frank Farmer? Out there on the edge... did you ever do something that didn't make too much sense, except maybe inside you? In your stomach somewhere? Something that wasn't smart? (looks at him) I'll bet you have plenty. I'll bet you do. Nobody gets really good without it. And you're good. I know that. She sits up beside him.
182) 17) text: ... but I do know that none of it's your fault. I hope you can hear me, because this is how I say I'm sorry. Frank accepts.
182) 19) text: So... I'm going to go see if I win an Oscar. And I won't worry about it at all. Because I've got you to protect me. Frank almost smiles.
182) 20) dialog: That's right. He looks at her a long time, then takes her in his arms. He kisses her and lays her down. His body moves over hers. Like a bodyguard, protecting her from the night.
183) 0) text: The limo is waiting in a line of limos to reach the red- carpeted entrance to The Pantages Theatre. Frank and Tony sit in front with Henry. In the back a spectacularly-gowned Rachel sits flanked by Devaney and Spector, both of whom, like Frank, are wearing tuxedos. ahead, they can all see the hubbub at the entrance: TV cameras, lights, photographers, arriving guests, two bleachers full of fans. The glare from the arc lights is almost blinding.
183) 4) dialog: Tony knows what he's doing. Tony looks at Frank, surprised and not a little pleased with the unexpected support.
184) 0) text: More quartz lights click on. The TV cameras all focus on the door of the limo as Frank steps out of the way.
185) 0) text: It is large and has been fitted with a bar and buffet. Formally-dressed presenters and hosts mill about, laugh- ing and talking. Many greet Rachel. A TV monitor hangs from the ceiling in one corner. On it, the Academy Awards continue. An elaborate dance number is just concluding. The audience applauds. Beside the monitor, a large clock with a ticking second hand. A harried associate producer SKIP THOMAS, comes up to Rachel, settled in an armchair. Tony stands nearby, Frank leans against a far wall.
186) 3) text: Rachel nods, goes back to her conversation.       Frank s up to Tony.
186) 4) dialog: I'm going to have a look around. I'll come back for her. Stay alert.
186) 5) text: Tony nods, watches Frank go.
187) 0) text: Frank moves down the hall from the Green Room toward the stage. Stagehands, technicians, performers speak in hushed tones. TV monitors are mounted throughout the area. On screen a distinguished-looking actor named REARDON is serving as temporary master of ceremonies. Frank walks along, checking the route, looking up into the flies. He rounds a corner and is face to face with Portman.
187) 1) dialog: Portman.   What are you doing here?
187) 3) dialog: Who?
187) 12) text: (NOTE: "I Have Nothing" fanfare. Dancers onto stage. First section of song, commencing with shortened chorus then first verse (Total 1 Minute) Reardon walks off the stage ten feet from where Frank and Portman are standing, glances at them and moves off down the hall.
187) 14) text: Portman walks off after Reardon.    Frank watches him, thoughtful. ON TV MONITOR - Sandra Castle sings "I Have Nothing" with great feeling. The lyrics recall the text of the death threat.
189) 0) text: Frank calls Tony on his SURV-KIT.
189) 1) dialog: Tony, you there?
189) 3) text: Yeah, Frank.
189) 4) dialog: Tony, I've got a feeling this is the night. I think he's gonna go for her in front of all the cameras. The kind of thing only a lunatic would do. That's how he wants it to look. Except he isn't a lunatic. He's very clever. I need you to help me.
189) 6) text: I'm with you, Frank. There's no more competition between them. Three sound technicians appear at Frank's side, very agitated.
189) 8) text: You can't use that thing back here. The  breakthrough's killing our radio mikes... We'll have to disconnect you. Reluctantly, Frank disconnects his earpiece.
191) 0) text: Frank walks past Tony. Tony holds up the earpiece in frustration. Frank nods. He walks over to Rachel. He seems tense and she senses it. And like a tangible thing, his anxiety is passed over to her. She is frightened.
191) 6) dialog: Tony stays. Skip looks at Rachel for a response.
192) 7) text: Watch your step going down. Someone spilled some water. Clive and Rachel climb the stairs. Rachel turns once more to look anxiously at Frank. She clutches the cross but he doesn't see. Frank watches them ascend. He signals Tony to stay there until Rachel goes on. Frank moves off toward the stage left wings. ON TV MONITOR - we see Reardon, acting as Master of Ceremonies, doing the introductions. REARDON (V.O.) (on screen)
193) 0) text: Frank swiftly adjusts his position so he can still see the stage. As he does, he glances under the scaffolding that supports the set.
195) 0) text: Frank, watching Rachel, hears the barely audible CLICKING start from the tiny receiver on his belt. He's puzzled. His eyes dart to Rachel's hand and he sees the cross. He knows what she's going through. Her hand is shaking
196) 5) dialog: as he alone hears the CLICKING -- monitors her distress and fear.
197) 0) text: Frank sees Rachel run off the opposite side of the stage and heads over there, around the back of the scenery.
199) 0) text: A cluster of people   surround Rachel, comforting her. Frank comes up. He    does not try to force his way throu to Rachel. People    begin to move away, the cluster thin Two stars move off   toward the back of the stage.
199) 6) text: Christ, what an idiot I am. Jesus. What the hell's the matter with me? Frank moves up closer, and exchanges looks with Tony, who is confused by Rachel's behavior. Rachel turns toward Frank and, in so doing, brings the man comforting her around to face Frank. It is Reardon. RACHEL
199) 7) text: Farmer, you've made me a raving lunatic. Frank barely hears Rachel, so struck is he   by Reardon's presence. Frank looks around them quickly    for Portman. Rachel looks at Frank with irritation and   turns back toward the Green Room. A production aide    signals Reard REARDON
199) 9) text: Thank you for your help, John. I'm fine. Rachel walks off toward the Green Room with Tony. Reardon starts to walk out toward the stage. Frank stops him. Reardon is irritated. FRANK
199) 11) text: Who? FRANK
199) 13) text: (breaking away) Never heard of him. Reardon walks out on stage. Frank is left standing alone. All the weariness comes back, all his senses start to hum Frank looks around, then moves off toward the Green Room.
200) 5) dialog: Something's going on you should know about --
200) 7) dialog: Rachel, I know who it is. He's here tonight. I think he's...
200) 12) dialog: Tony, it's Portman.   Remember?   The guy from Miami... Spector grabs Tony's sleeve, pulling him back.
202) 9) text: Tonight we give this award not to the best actress, but to the best performance by one of five exquisitely talented artists... FRANK'S FACE - searching. TV CAMERA - focused on the audience.    Its red light goe on.
203) 0) text: Frank comes up swiftly. He stops behind a curtain, six feet from the path the winner will take. Tony is there. Frank speaks to him and, as he does, he puts a hand on Tony's arm. They both look across the stage, past Winston into the wings on the other side.
203) 4) dialog: 
203) 5) dialog: Tony, I want you on the other side... and check out that guy. He's not supposed to be there...
205) 0) text: Frank gestures animatedly to the head of security and several guards. The music and the applause drown out his words and we do not hear them. The guards rush off backstage and into the auditorium.
206) 3) text: As Rachel reaches the center aisle and starts to walk toward the steps, there in the far aisle, his face almost hidden, is Portman -- the camera, hand-held on his shoulder, moving level with Rachel, 20 feet behind her. Frank raises his gun.
209) 0) text: Dozens more helpers pour onto the stage around Frank and Rachel. Rachel starts to rise on all fours and sees, as hands reach out to help her, the blood on Frank's shirt. He has taken the hits for her. But he's still on the job, gaze alert. Without taking his eyes from the audi- torium, his left arm stretches out, with some pain, to push Rachel back down. The right arm, gun in hand, sweeps the auditorium. Where is Portman? Frank can't see past the mob. Ushers fall on Frank in a heap, trying to disarm him. Security men try to pull them off. Rachel shouts, trying to make herself heard above the noise.
211) 2) text: Frank! Frank! Over here!
212) 0) text: A buffed-out charter turboprop stands on the tarmac as the last pieces of equipment of Rachel's band are loaded aboard from a truck. A limousine pulls up and Rachel gets out with Tony and Court, who is clearly acting as her bodyguard. She greets some members of the band and others who will be part of her entourage. A roadie has her luggage removed from the limo and loaded aboard the plane. Devaney is trying to hurry her on board. Spector is conspicuous by his absence. As Rachel and the others prepare to get onto the plane, Tony, wearing a dark leather eyepatch, reacts to something O.S. Frank approaches from the nearby parking area. He is pale. Under his clothes it can be seen that his torso is still taped. He smiles as Tony. Their handshake becomes a quick abrazo.
212) 1) dialog: (indicating eyepatch)
212) 4) text: Under control. But it won't be the same... ya mutt. Tony fakes a glancing blow to Frank's chin. Over by the plane, Fletcher spots Frank and tugs at Rachel's dress, till she turns to look. Fletcher runs up to Frank and hugs him around the knees. Rachel approaches and Tony moves back toward the plane. Devaney waves in Frank's direction, tapping his watch to indicate they are late. Frank waves and smiles. Rachel's surprised to see Frank, but clearly happy. Fletcher is ecstatic. RACHEL
212) 5) text: You shouldn't be here. Frank laughs.    There is a pause. RACHEL
212) 6) text: So, you're quitting show business? FRANK
212) 8) text: Too bad. You had talent.      What are you going to do? FRANK
212) 10) text: Get him when Fletcher's not around. FRANK
212) 11) text: (ruffling Fletcher's hair) That's the idea. Fletcher grins.   Rachel starts to cry. FRANK
212) 13) text: He's got white hair, Frank.
212) 15) dialog: He's very good.
212) 17) dialog: I don't trust you.
212) 19) dialog: 'Bye Rachel. Rachel turns quickly. She almost runs up the boarding ladder. Frank remains watching her. Fletcher looks back over his shoulder as they disappear into the plane.
213) 2) text: You okay? Rachel is in her own world. Devaney passes the word to get moving. The ENGINES WARM UP. Rachel turns and sees Frank still standing there looking at her.
217) 2) text: Remember when you said you'd risk your life for me? Frank tries to break in, but she won't let him interrupt. RACHEL
217) 3) text: I didn't really believe it then. Nobody means what they say. But you did, Frank. You did it. You laid it all on the line for me. Frank tries to speak, she puts her hands to his lips. RACHEL
217) 4) text: Don't wreck this for me. I don't want to hear any bullshit about you just doing your job. You did more than save my life, Frank. You showed me a way to be. And I love you for it. (a beat)
217) 6) text: I'll never forget what it felt like to be under your eye. Never. FRANK (smiles)
217) 7) text: I won't be forgetting you either. She presses something into Frank's hand. RACHEL
217) 8) text: Here... I want you to keep this. If you ever need me, you just put this on and no matter where you are I will find you.  I promise. She gives him a quick kiss and walks back toward the plane, her eyes holding Frank's. Frank opens his palm to reveal the little enamel cross.
220) 2) dialog: His expression, so intense in the opening scene of the film, is softer now. Rachel's voice continues as Frank carefully scans the room.