13) 0) text: The mansion is huge. On and on it goes. Frank drives PAST the garage area where HENRY, the chauffeur, is polishing the mascot on the limousine. One of his arms is bandaged. Henry peers at Frank, puts down his cloth and walks toward the entrance where Frank is parking. Frank gets out, looks around. A painter's truck is parked nearby, two painters unloading equipment from it.
13) 1) dialog: Can I help you?
13) 3) dialog: No.   Can I help you?
13) 5) dialog: Oh.   And that was arranged by...?
13) 8) dialog: Go right ahead, Mr. Edison.
13) 10) dialog: (looking at his arm)
23) 0) text: Henry Dupres is leaning against the doorjamb. The room is comfortable, a guest bedroom. Frank flops one battered suitcase onto the bed and opens it. He pulls open some drawers in the dresser and starts putting away his clothes.
23) 1) dialog: Why'd you say your name was Edison?
23) 3) dialog: And it wasn't, was it? Henry unconsciously flexes his fingers, easing the muscle in his hands. Frank notices and pulls out a small tube of ointment from a pouch he's unpacking. He hands it to Henr
23) 6) dialog: That's my job.
23) 8) dialog: Huh?
23) 10) dialog: Says who?
23) 13) dialog: Who?
25) 2) text: Frank and Henry are down there conferring about the fence.
28) 0) text: Frank and Henry walk toward the closed garages.
28) 1) dialog: That depends on what you call a 'hint.'
28) 3) dialog: I don't think there's anything here you'd call a 'hint.' One at a time the doors go up to reveal: First garage -- the Cadillac limousine we've seen earlier License: RACHEL 2 Second garage -- a gray Mercedes.    License:   RACHEL 3
30) 0) text: Sitting beside Henry, Frank teaches him how to spin the limo in a 180 degree 'skid turn,' sending up clouds of dust. A group of roadies watching bursts into spontan- eous applause.
37) 4) text: O.K. Henry, let's go. Tony looks at Frank, eyes narrowing. From across the street, we see the limo pull away. As the shot clears, the dark shape of another vehicle appears, slowly moving into frame over the top of the camera.
38) 8) text: (to Henry) Turn left. HENRY
38) 14) text: Slow down, very slow. HENRY
40) 0) text: Frank speaks to Henry.
42) 0) text: The fortification  continues as workmen tighten screws, install electrical  wiring, test alarms. As Frank watches over the work, we  see him show Henry how to wear a SURV KIT communications  system.
45) 0) text: In a BIG CLOSEUP ON a black and white TV screen, we see Devaney's immaculate convertible Mercedes 500SL as it roars up the drive. Frank, Henry and Fletcher watch in the newly-erected guard house. The area is greatly changed. There is a uniformed guard with an impressive array of switches, lights and phones at his command. There are several TV screens; one of them shows a series of endlessly-panning shots from cameras at the rear of
45) 2) dialog: Is that Devaney?
45) 4) text: She's got him by the short ones, doesn't she, Frank? Frank squelches a smile at Henry.   Where did he learn that?
47) 0) text: Rachel's limousine is parked opposite the shop.    It's a decidedly downscale area. A little way  off, a   group of unemployed youths hang around, eyeing the limo   with interest. Henry sits  at the wheel. Tony  stands   by the open window, leaning against the car.
47) 1) dialog: (looking at the youths)
48) 7) text: You probably won't believe this, but I have a reputation for being a bitch. Frank says nothing. He gazes outside through the store- front window and sees Henry and Tony horsing around next to the limo. A few small boys stand around the car. One of them is climbing onto the hood. RACHEL
52) 0) text: Frank is showing Henry how to check the underside of the limo with an angled mirror on a stick. Both are crouched beside the vehicle. A noise makes them look up. Rachel, dressed to the nines and looking very sexy, emerges from the house with Spector and Devaney. Spector's carrying a videotape. Tony follows as they head for the car, where
52) 2) text: (to Henry) I thought it was dinner. Henry shrugs. FRANK
52) 6) text: It's a club, Frank. Come on, Henry, let's go. FRANK
67) 0) text: Rachel dances erotically with the man -- bumping and grinding, sinking to her knees. The crowd roars approval. Frank quickly sizes up the scene. He speaks into a SURV KIT microphone in his sleeve. Across the room we see Henry listening, pushing an earpiece to his ear. Henry quickly scurries to an exit. Frank starts moving toward the stage. At that moment, the lucky man Rachel's dancing with grabs her around the waist and spins her gleefully, like the dance partner she has been pretending to be. One of security guards rushes forward to extri- cate her. The spinning man inadvertently bumps hard into the guard and the man loses his grip on Rachel. She flies out of his grasp and tumbles off the front of the stage -- into the adoring arms of a half dozen fans. The audience goes wild. This is the kind of thing Rachel was famous for when she was starting out. The scene resembles a rugby scrum... with Rachel the ball. Frank sees Rachel being passed over the heads of fans -- deeper into the audience. Her dress is ripped and torn apart. The silver headpiece is dislodged and disappears into the crowd.
69) 0) text: Rachel and Frank emerge from the darkness between two garbage bins and get into the limo Henry has waiting ther The car moves out with a SCREECH of tires, narrowly missi Spector as he staggers out of the building.
70) 2) dialog: Never done that before.
132) 0) text: Herb squats on the floor with Fletcher. Together, they are happily playing around with the fluffy terrier. Fletcher squeals with delight as the dog licks his face. Henry brings the remaining luggage through. Rachel and Nicki stand with Frank near the archway. All eyes are on
135) 0) text: Henry helps Fletcher tie up the boat for the night.   It is much foggier now and almost dark.
135) 3) dialog: Every time.
136) 0) text: Rachel, munching on a raw carrot, browses a row of family photographs. The sounds of dinner being prepared come from the kitchen. We see the history of the family in the pictures; Frank as a ten-year-old baseball player with a younger Herb; Herb as Police Chief of Bend, Oregon, being given a civic award; Frank as a college football wide receiver; Herb and Katherine Farmer, all dressed up and being introduced to Jimmy Carter by Frank; the picture-perfect family home in Oregon with Katherine tending flowers. Rachel notices a photo of a smiling Henry Kissinger, talking to some female reporters. There standing shoulder-to-shoulder with him, are Frank and Portman. Portman's also smiling at the women, flirting. Frank is in a familiar pose, alert, unsmiling, vigilant. Rachel looks at the two of them for a second. Frank steps from the kitchen with an orange juice and a drink for Rachel in his hand. He watches her for a moment as she studies the photo. She turns and sees him. They lock eyes for several seconds. She smiles as he hands her the drink.
149) 2) dialog: (shouting)
149) 14) text: He's all right. Henry helps Frank up out of the water.    Frank sits on the end of the dock, breathing hard. RACHEL
149) 17) text: You could have drowned him! Frank and Henry look out toward the boat which has come to a stop out in the middle of the lake. FRANK
149) 18) text: I'm sorry.   I got careless. Henry looks at Frank.    He feels terrible about not checking the boat. HENRY
149) 23) dialog: How do we get the boat back? Out in the center of the lake, the BOAT BLOWS UP.    Ever one on the dock jumps. Nicki screams. Frank sits down again. He shakes his head. On an impulse, he stretches out his hand, palm downward.   It's trembling slightly.
151) 3) text: Back off. Henry moves away from the van.   Frank inserts the key in the ignition.
154) 0) text: Henry and Herb watch.    Frank gets out of the van.   He walks to Herb.
164) 2) text: Stay with Rachel! Henry's head appears round the doorway of Herb's room.
171) 0) text: Herb is at the window. There is anguish on his face as he hears the SHOTS. He wants to go to his son's aid but knows he cannot leave Rachel. Rachel and Fletcher are huddled in the bed, terrified. Fletcher clutches at the DOG, which is still BARKING. Henry stands by the bed, gun in hand.
176) 0) text: Rachel's black limousine moves slowly up the winding drive, followed by a black Mercedes limousine. Behind the cars, the gates close on a large press contingent gathered outside, held back by a large number of police and security guards. A light drizzle is falling. The two cars pull up to the entrance, Henry at the wheel of Rachel's. Frank gets out of the front and opens the back door. Devaney and Spector help Rachel and Fletcher out of the car. They are all dressed in black. A few other mourners, including Emma, get out of the Mercedes. Rachel, red-eyed and weary, takes Fletcher under her arm and goes inside. She does not look at Frank.
183) 0) text: The limo is waiting in a line of limos to reach the red- carpeted entrance to The Pantages Theatre. Frank and Tony sit in front with Henry. In the back a spectacularly-gowned Rachel sits flanked by Devaney and Spector, both of whom, like Frank, are wearing tuxedos. ahead, they can all see the hubbub at the entrance: TV cameras, lights, photographers, arriving guests, two bleachers full of fans. The glare from the arc lights is almost blinding.