131) 3) dialog: Fill up soon enough when she thaws. (glancing at the van)
132) 0) text: Herb squats on the floor with Fletcher. Together, they are happily playing around with the fluffy terrier. Fletcher squeals with delight as the dog licks his face. Henry brings the remaining luggage through. Rachel and Nicki stand with Frank near the archway. All eyes are on
133) 0) text: Herb stands beside a butcher block, cutting vegetables for the evening meal with a practiced hand. Rachel watches, drink in hand, looking around the kitchen. It has been neatly organized.
133) 1) dialog: Katherine had this place organized just the way she wanted it. (seeing her questioning look)
133) 4) dialog: I guess he'd better stay in the boat then. (his smile puts her at ease)
133) 7) dialog: I'm afraid we're a little out of touch here. I'm sorry. Rachel waves this off.
133) 9) dialog: You must be very successful to need Frank. Rachel smiles and looks out of the window.
133) 11) dialog: Frank came back and stayed six months after the Reagan thing. Rachel's questioning look encourages Herb.
133) 12) dialog: Frank wasn't there the day he was shot. He never got over that. (a long pause)
136) 0) text: Rachel, munching on a raw carrot, browses a row of family photographs. The sounds of dinner being prepared come from the kitchen. We see the history of the family in the pictures; Frank as a ten-year-old baseball player with a younger Herb; Herb as Police Chief of Bend, Oregon, being given a civic award; Frank as a college football wide receiver; Herb and Katherine Farmer, all dressed up and being introduced to Jimmy Carter by Frank; the picture-perfect family home in Oregon with Katherine tending flowers. Rachel notices a photo of a smiling Henry Kissinger, talking to some female reporters. There standing shoulder-to-shoulder with him, are Frank and Portman. Portman's also smiling at the women, flirting. Frank is in a familiar pose, alert, unsmiling, vigilant. Rachel looks at the two of them for a second. Frank steps from the kitchen with an orange juice and a drink for Rachel in his hand. He watches her for a moment as she studies the photo. She turns and sees him. They lock eyes for several seconds. She smiles as he hands her the drink.
137) 2) dialog: ... And I never hit him. Ever. To this day. (to Frank)
137) 6) dialog: (to Frank)
138) 2) text: If you're lucky, maybe he'll tell you about my first jockstrap. As he speaks, he peers out through the window at the lake. We hear Herb's voice continue from the other room.
138) 3) dialog: He got over it: Turned into a helluva wide receiver. He couldn't stand being afraid. When he found something that scared him, he'd just do it 'til the fear went away.
139) 2) dialog: His mother was the same way. Rachel smiles at him, thinking, then looks through at Frank in the kitchen, still peering out of the windows. Nicki watches Rachel.
140) 0) text: Herb delicately lifts  a chessboard from the top of a cabinet and walks it  over to the table: A half-finished game. He leans over   and blows on the pieces -- sending a small cloud of dust  into the air.
140) 1) dialog: Come on, son, you can run but you can't hide. Herb pulls up a chair and smiles as Frank appears from the kitchen, a bowl of popcorn in his hand. Frank takes a place across from his dad by the fire. The others gather round.
140) 2) dialog: Your move. Frank studies the board.   Rachel lowers her head into a cupped hand, fascinated.
140) 5) dialog: He had me on the run there that first year. Frank picks up his rook, scratches his forehead with it. He turns to Fletcher.
140) 10) dialog: Come over here, Fletcher, sit by me. Fletcher goes over and joins him.
143) 0) text: Fletcher is asleep, snuggled on Herb's lap by the fire. Herb is also asleep. Frank fetches a blanket and gently
147) 1) dialog: I've never heard church music in the middle of the week before.
149) 0) text: Herb and Frank are about to return to the house. They stop short. There, at their feet, is a line of human foot prints, from heavy snow boots, leading away into the trees. Frank looks at Herb, suddenly alert.
149) 13) text: Fletcher, baby. Are you all right? Baby. Fletcher, spluttering, is handed up to Rachel by Frank. Rachel hugs Fletcher to her. Herb bends down to check he's breathing properly, wrapping the boy in his jacket. HERB
149) 21) dialog: It's okay, Henry. Herb puts his hand on Fletcher's head.
149) 22) dialog: You all right now, son? Fletcher nods, his crying ends raggedly.   Frank begins to stand up.
152) 0) text: Herb comes out of the house, fast. His eyes scan the woods as he heads towards the shed.
152) 1) dialog: Frank! Henry turns and motions to Herb to stay away.
154) 0) text: Henry and Herb watch.    Frank gets out of the van.   He walks to Herb.
154) 1) dialog: Someone's cut the phone lines. It could be anywhere between here and town.
154) 4) dialog: Maybe it has to do with you. Frank looks at him.
154) 5) dialog: We can't walk out of here at night with them. Frank shakes his head.
156) 0) text: The terrier dog listens in the upstairs hallway. Herb watches from an upstairs window. Rachel lies in bed, clutching Fletcher tightly.
160) 2) dialog: It's me! Rachel's voice comes from her room.
162) 0) text: Frank and Herb spin around.    Rachel calls from her room
164) 0) text: Frank's head spins to Rachel's doorway, then immediately back to Herb. He starts to move towards the stairs, fast.
164) 2) text: Stay with Rachel! Henry's head appears round the doorway of Herb's room.
166) 3) dialog: We're okay!
168) 0) text: Herb is by Rachel's bed.
168) 2) dialog: Be quiet!
171) 0) text: Herb is at the window. There is anguish on his face as he hears the SHOTS. He wants to go to his son's aid but knows he cannot leave Rachel. Rachel and Fletcher are huddled in the bed, terrified. Fletcher clutches at the DOG, which is still BARKING. Henry stands by the bed, gun in hand.