3) 0) text: A tumultuous crash of screaming, pushing bodies. Arms stretch out, cameras flash, sunguns flare, microphones are thrust forward. A deafening cacophony of "Rachel! Rachel! Rachel! Over here! Over here! This way, Rachel! Rachel! Rachel!" We cannot see the object of this frenzy. We catch a brief glimpse of an attractive, well-dressed young woman (NICKI), exiting with the other celebrities, as she is pushed and casually jostled aside by the mass of surging fans and media. Her face is calm and impassive as she watches from the sidelines.
17) 6) text: Nicki, how'd you like the number? You like the end routine? DIRECTOR (O.S.)
17) 7) text: Rachel. You wanna see it back from the beginning or just the ending... NICKI, responds to Rachel's question. NICKI
17) 17) text: Rachel, Frank Farmer is here. Devaney nods in Frank's direction.     Nicki looks at Fra RACHEL (O.S.)
17) 30) text: This is Nicki, Rachel's sister and personal secretary. NICKI
17) 38) text: Straight?   Nicki. Nicki goes to the bar. Rachel sits and motions for Frank to sit opposite her. RACHEL
17) 43) text: I'll be with you in a second. Nicki hands Frank his orange juice.   She looks at Frank she speaks. NICKI
17) 45) text: (one hand covers the phone) Nicki, I'm sure Mr. Farmer would tell you the number of nuts writing fan letters jumps every time Rachel is on the cover of a magazine. DEVANEY
27) 0) text: A small room at one end of the pool house has been fitted with a wall mirror and ballet exercise barre. A STEREO plays exercising MUSIC. Nicki, dressed in leotards, is doing pre-aerobic stretch- ing exercises. Frank appears outside the window. Nicki waves him in. Unseen by Frank, a huge St. Bernard lays in the front of the door. He muscles his way in, the dog never moves, just slides along the floor as Frank pushes the door open. Frank looks the room over.
27) 2) dialog: You can look around if you like. Frank indicates it won't be necessary.   Nicki stops working out.
27) 4) dialog: That's all right. It's an excuse to rest. It's my private place. I'm the only one who works out around here. Frank glances at photos on one wall. Most are of Nicki from years ago; some show her performing with a band.
27) 6) dialog: My own ego wall. No platinum records. Frank spots a picture of two girls.
27) 8) dialog: When I was a kid, I put a little band together. We played high school dances, stuff like that. Then Rachel joined the act. As you can imagine, she was quite a little entertainer. Even then, she had a way of stopping the show. So I kind of quit. Professionally, anyway.
27) 10) dialog: It was pretty obvious who the star in our family was. Frank looks back at the picture.    Nicki smiles.
36) 0) text: It's busy. Lots of customers arriving, leaving and seated at tables. Waiters criss-cross the terrace. Near the entrance, Rachel is saying goodbye to a middle-aged WOMAN. Frank stands nearby with Nicki. The Woman says something to Rachel, who turns and looks at Frank. Rachel whispers something to the Woman and they both laugh. They kiss and Rachel moves toward the entrance.
36) 3) text: Goodbye, Nicki. So great to see you. Nicki waves and follows Rachel. Frank stays very close without seeming to walk with Rachel. A little girl darts into their path and approaches Rachel Rachel glances at Frank, who has stopped with her, then she signs an autograph for the girl. The girl's mother, close behind her, hands a small camera casually to Nicki to be photographed as she and her daughter pose with Rachel. Frank watches Nicki quietly comply. Rachel, Spector and Frank all reach the front entrance together, and Frank slips out first, glancing around. Rachel comes out and passes within inches of him.
46) 0) text: Nicki is cutting fruit at the bar. Rachel, very tense, is taking the fruit and dropping it into a yogurt drink she's making in a blender. Rory, her choreographer, stands behind her, massaging her neck and shoulders. Spector is perched on a bar stool like a vulture. Devaney hurries into the room; Nicki gives him a look.
46) 3) dialog: He told Rachel no Sunday brunch at Charlie's.
46) 22) text: Excuse me if I don't faint. NICKI
46) 23) text: Think of Fletcher -- Rachel turns ON the BLENDER, drowning out Nicki's voice. Frank looks at Rachel coolly. She stares at him petulantly, then turns OFF the BLENDER. RACHEL
76) 0) text: Nicki is yelling from a window on the second floor of the mansion. Fletcher peers out with her.
76) 1) dialog: Rachel!    Sandy Harris is on the phone! Rachel and Frank look up.
88) 8) dialog: Ta Da!
88) 10) dialog: (looking at him)
88) 12) dialog: I'm sorry. That was out of line. It's none of my business... Here's today's question marks for you. She turns and walks briskly back to the house. Frank watches her go, then looks slowly down to the pile. From across the pool, Fletcher watches silently, then pushes his boat out into the deep water.
132) 0) text: Herb squats on the floor with Fletcher. Together, they are happily playing around with the fluffy terrier. Fletcher squeals with delight as the dog licks his face. Henry brings the remaining luggage through. Rachel and Nicki stand with Frank near the archway. All eyes are on
144) 0) text: Frank steps quietly into the hall. Nicki is standing in the shadows. She watches as Frank goes through the ritual of locking the front door, several ways.
144) 1) dialog: (softly)
144) 4) dialog: What's happening between you and Rachel? Frank glances at her.
144) 5) dialog: Come on. One minute she's got magnetic hands, the next she hates you. I can't figure out what it is now.
144) 7) dialog: (smiling)
144) 10) dialog: You think my life is pretty sickly, don't you?
144) 12) dialog: You must.    I do. Frank steps into a tight, dark, little window alcove, checks the windows.
144) 14) text: Why don't you change it? NICKI
144) 15) text: Is it that easy? Frank turns from the window to find Nicki blocking his ex She moves close to him and kisses him, her hands on his shoulders. The kiss ends and they look at each other. FRANK
144) 16) text: You're a lovely woman. NICKI
144) 17) text: But you don't want me. Frank's look affirms it.    Nicki is embarrassed, angry. NICKI
144) 19) text: I make my mistakes. NICKI
144) 21) text: (with force) No, don't go away, Nicki. Don't leave me with that. Tell me about it. Tell me how long you've been second. Tell me how she has a child and you don't. Tell me something. But don't turn away and try to stick it on me. Nicki twists in his grip.    He holds her tight. NICKI
144) 25) dialog: It's not so simple.
144) 27) dialog: Let me go. He releases her, looks at her.
146) 0) text: Nicki absently sings an old gospel tune as she tosses breakfast scraps to a group of hungry ducks gathered by the porch.
148) 0) text: Nicki's soft voice is joined by Rachel's strong harmony, and the two men watch as Rachel comes out to join her sister on the porch, startling Nicki. Both sing for a moment, together. Then Nicki stops, embarrassed. Rachel gives her a hug.
150) 0) text: Rachel and Nicki hurriedly pack their bags.   Fletcher hovers nearby.
158) 0) text: Nicki is sitting with her head in her hands at the kitche table, sobbing. There's a nearly empty bottle beside her. Frank is instantly on the alert but makes no sign.
158) 1) dialog: (crying)
158) 3) dialog: What do you think about today?
158) 5) text: I think this is no maniac.   He knows what he's doing. There is a long, long silence.   Nicki continues crying. Finally --
158) 6) dialog: You're right. He does.
158) 9) dialog: He almost got Fletcher today...
158) 11) dialog: ...my darling Fletcher...
158) 13) dialog: 
158) 15) text: You can call him off. NICKI
158) 18) text: How? NICKI
158) 20) text: Name? NICKI
158) 22) text: Is it all paid for? NICKI
158) 24) text: He keeps going until he kills her? Nicki nods again, lowering her face into her hands. FRANK
158) 25) text: What's the name of the bar? NICKI
158) 29) dialog: (desperately)
158) 33) dialog: Don't you even want to know why?
158) 35) dialog: What if we can't -- Frank motions her into silence. We strain to hear what Frank hears. Silently, Frank goes to the door, crouch ing. He listens. There again is a DISTANT GROWL from the DOG upstairs. Frank lifts his gun from the table, turns to Nicki.
161) 1) dialog: No, no... stop... I'm the one who...
163) 0) text: A GUNSHOT BLASTS Nicki against the wall, her hand still delicately raised in a classic gesture of restraint.
166) 0) text: Frank finds Nicki's body slumped against the wall.   He checks her. She's dead. The door beyond is open.     The wind blows in. Outside it's foggy.