10) 17) text: There are several good men available for that kind of money. Have you talked to Fitzgerald or Racine? Portman? DEVANEY
10) 18) text: Yeah.   Portman was interested... He senses an opening and sits down beside Frank for what he takes to be the first serious talk. DEVANEY
105) 0) text: Thuringer has set up a checkpoint through which all guests are passing. As they get off the elevator, they walk up to a desk manned by one of Thuringer's uniformed guards. When their names have been checked off a master list, they walk past another guard wielding a metal detector. No one likes it, but they all do it. Most of the local TV stations have sent camera crews. handheld cameras move among the guests, their bright lights flaring. FLASHBULBS POP. It's a local media event. Frank squints as a quartz light shines straight in his face. A tall, fit, athletic-looking man raises his arms; is cleared by the metal detector. He is GREG PORTMAN.
106) 0) text: Portman makes his way through the crowd to the bar. His eyes scan the suite. His gaze settles on Frank checking out the people who filter in. Portman appears next to Frank.
106) 1) dialog: Hello, Farmer.
106) 3) text: Portman. PORTMAN
106) 5) text: Orange juice. It's been awhile. You on the job? PORTMAN
106) 7) text: How old is she? PORTMAN
106) 8) text: Maybe eighteen. You working? Rachel makes her entrance, and poses self-mocking on the landing above the crowd, accepting applause. She has succeeded in under-dressing everyone in the room. She is a star. Frank nods in her direction... that's his client. PORTMAN
106) 11) text: I want everyone to have a good time and drink as much of Ben Schiller's liquor as you like. Rachel descends into the crowd, laughing and blowing kisses. PORTMAN
106) 14) text: I heard you had to take someone out in New York. Frank remembers. PORTMAN
106) 17) text: It wasn't your fault, Farmer. You weren't even there. A pause. PORTMAN
106) 20) dialog: A little. FRANK (smiles)
106) 21) text: I never doubted your skills. PORTMAN (laughs, good- natured)
106) 22) text: No. Only my qualifications for the priesthood. You were always clear about that. Anyway, I appreciate it. I had to turn it down but I appreciate it. Portman notices Rachel looking at him, as she makes her way to them. Rachel takes Frank's orange juice and sips. Makes a very funny face. RACHEL
106) 23) text: That's orange juice! Rachel gives Portman an approving once-over.
106) 26) dialog: Greg Portman.
106) 28) dialog: We used to work together.
106) 31) dialog: Same thing as Farmer.
106) 33) text: Two samurai, eh? Frank and Portman eye each other.
106) 36) dialog: Not right now.
106) 38) text: 'cause I'm the only one in the room who needs protection. She gives Frank a look and leads Portman into the crowd.
107) 0) text: Rachel's taking a breather on the balcony, drinking cham- pagne, talking to Portman and another couple. Everybody's high and happy. Conversation bubbles.
107) 1) text: Rachel leans into Portman; heads together, they whisper intimately. Rachel laughs, then for a brief moment, turns her head to look directly at Frank. Her look is petulant, defiant. Portman does not see this.
109) 0) text: Rachel and Portman are poised precariously halfway over the railing. Frank's hand shoots out, grabs Rachel's wrist and tugs at the pair of them. Portman regains his balance first and pulls Rachel back from the edge.
109) 2) dialog: Somebody tripped. It's okay.
109) 7) text: You saved my life. Frank eyes the newly-welded anchor fixture.   It has held. Rachel takes Portman by the arm.   The front of her dress is stained with champagne.
111) 0) text: Rachel and Portman are kissing, with some heat. Portman's hands are starting to explore her body.
114) 0) text: Rachel and Portman are still locked in the clinch. Realizing what she's doing, Rachel suddenly pulls back,
114) 3) dialog: (still holding her)
114) 7) text: Please go now. Portman moves toward her as she opens the door, reaching for her arm. Then he sees, through the doorway, Tony standing in the hall talking to a woman. Tony looks up at the sound of the door and sees them both. Rachel slips quickly out of Portman's grip.
136) 0) text: Rachel, munching on a raw carrot, browses a row of family photographs. The sounds of dinner being prepared come from the kitchen. We see the history of the family in the pictures; Frank as a ten-year-old baseball player with a younger Herb; Herb as Police Chief of Bend, Oregon, being given a civic award; Frank as a college football wide receiver; Herb and Katherine Farmer, all dressed up and being introduced to Jimmy Carter by Frank; the picture-perfect family home in Oregon with Katherine tending flowers. Rachel notices a photo of a smiling Henry Kissinger, talking to some female reporters. There standing shoulder-to-shoulder with him, are Frank and Portman. Portman's also smiling at the women, flirting. Frank is in a familiar pose, alert, unsmiling, vigilant. Rachel looks at the two of them for a second. Frank steps from the kitchen with an orange juice and a drink for Rachel in his hand. He watches her for a moment as she studies the photo. She turns and sees him. They lock eyes for several seconds. She smiles as he hands her the drink.
136) 2) text: Portman sometimes had trouble remembering what his job was. Supper's ready. We can see from Rachel's face that she feels embarrassed about her behavior in Miami.
187) 0) text: Frank moves down the hall from the Green Room toward the stage. Stagehands, technicians, performers speak in hushed tones. TV monitors are mounted throughout the area. On screen a distinguished-looking actor named REARDON is serving as temporary master of ceremonies. Frank walks along, checking the route, looking up into the flies. He rounds a corner and is face to face with Portman.
187) 2) dialog: I'm on the job.
187) 4) dialog: Him.
187) 5) text: Portman points at a nearby TV monitor.      On screen, Reardon is introducing the next song.
187) 11) dialog: (during the above) Short-term gig... but quite profitable... Listen, Frank, I'm sorry about Miami. You know, nothing really happened... I felt bad for you... I wanted to say something, but you disappeared...
187) 12) text: (NOTE: "I Have Nothing" fanfare. Dancers onto stage. First section of song, commencing with shortened chorus then first verse (Total 1 Minute) Reardon walks off the stage ten feet from where Frank and Portman are standing, glances at them and moves off down the hall.
187) 13) dialog: Back to work. I'll probably see you at the Governor's Ball.
187) 14) text: Portman walks off after Reardon.    Frank watches him, thoughtful. ON TV MONITOR - Sandra Castle sings "I Have Nothing" with great feeling. The lyrics recall the text of the death threat.
199) 7) text: Farmer, you've made me a raving lunatic. Frank barely hears Rachel, so struck is he   by Reardon's presence. Frank looks around them quickly    for Portman. Rachel looks at Frank with irritation and   turns back toward the Green Room. A production aide    signals Reard REARDON
199) 10) text: Where's Portman? REARDON
199) 12) text: Portman. REARDON
203) 7) text: The cameraman half-turns toward us, peering past the curtain into the audience. For a split second, we glimpse his face. It's Portman. Then someone crosses quickly in front of him and he's gone.
206) 3) text: As Rachel reaches the center aisle and starts to walk toward the steps, there in the far aisle, his face almost hidden, is Portman -- the camera, hand-held on his shoulder, moving level with Rachel, 20 feet behind her. Frank raises his gun.
206) 5) text: TIGHT ON Portman, now almost completely obscured behind the members of the audience, as more and more of them stand to applaud Rachel.
206) 16) dialog: The silenced PISTOL taped to the side of the camera FIRES ONCE. TWICE.
208) 1) dialog: 
209) 0) text: Dozens more helpers pour onto the stage around Frank and Rachel. Rachel starts to rise on all fours and sees, as hands reach out to help her, the blood on Frank's shirt. He has taken the hits for her. But he's still on the job, gaze alert. Without taking his eyes from the audi- torium, his left arm stretches out, with some pain, to push Rachel back down. The right arm, gun in hand, sweeps the auditorium. Where is Portman? Frank can't see past the mob. Ushers fall on Frank in a heap, trying to disarm him. Security men try to pull them off. Rachel shouts, trying to make herself heard above the noise.
210) 1) dialog: He turns away from the stage as four cops pound past him. He walks away. Suddenly, for one brief second, his face loses its composure as he looks to the side door.
210) 4) dialog: 
211) 4) dialog: Against the side wall at the front, Portman's eyes desperately scan for the source of the voice. He sees Tony, his pistol takes aim.
211) 5) text: For a split second, two running figures f.g. pass and cross leaving a momentary clear line to Portman.
211) 7) dialog: Frank's bullets hit home. The first slams Portman in the chest, knocking him against the wall. The second hits the CAMERA on his shoulder, EXPLODING it around his face.