1) 0) text: Passing traffic reveals the storefront of a TV showroom. Inside, behind the reflections of the city lights, all the TV sets are showing the same picture, the glittering image of a woman singing. (We will recognize the woman as Rachel Marron.) We cut tighter and tighter on the image until it is almost broken up into its scanning lines. Through the city noise comes the sound of her song "I have Nothing."
2) 0) text: A battered old desk.  Scattered across the top -- a pile of blank white paper, a jar of glue, a stack of magazines, a pair of scissors, a TV remote control, softly in the b.g., a TV is playing the same image we saw in the store window, the same song. Hands appear. Male hands. They open a drawer and remove a pair of translucent rubber gloves. Carefully they put t gloves on. The SNAPPING of the rubber is the only sound. The hands pick a magazine off the stack: Screen Stars. They put the magazine down and pick up the scissors. A headline on the cover reads: "RACHEL MARRON'S GREATEST TRIUMPH!" The scissors start to cut. Meticulously they excise the name "RACHEL MARRON" from the page. With the care of a surgeon.
3) 0) text: A tumultuous crash of screaming, pushing bodies. Arms stretch out, cameras flash, sunguns flare, microphones are thrust forward. A deafening cacophony of "Rachel! Rachel! Rachel! Over here! Over here! This way, Rachel! Rachel! Rachel!" We cannot see the object of this frenzy. We catch a brief glimpse of an attractive, well-dressed young woman (NICKI), exiting with the other celebrities, as she is pushed and casually jostled aside by the mass of surging fans and media. Her face is calm and impassive as she watches from the sidelines.
6) 0) text: A blur of hands and faces. Excited fans. Pieces of paper, autograph books, notes are thrust forward INTO the CAMERA Again, a mass chanting "Rachel! Rachel! Rachel!" Hands of Rachel's entourage accept some of the proffered items. In CLOSEUP, we see Rachel's hands signing "Best wishes,
10) 0) text: Frank lounges in his shorts under the single tree, sun- glasses on, a glass of iced tea by his side. Strains of "DON'T WALK AWAY RENEE" come from a beat-up transistor RADIO. An old-fashioned lawn sprinkler lazily waves water back and forth over the freshly cut grass.  Throwing knives lay scattered nearby. A wooden post is  sticking out of the ground in front of the fence at the back of the yard. BILL DEVANEY, fiftyish, a distinguished-looking black gentleman, stands nearby trying to engage Frank in a conversation that up to this point hasn't been going well He's Rachel's personal manager.
10) 8) text: Farmer, Rachel Marron is one of the most famous people in America. She's won every music award invented. She's got the number one song in the country right now and she'll probably be nominated for an Oscar in her very
16) 0) text: Frank steps into a tiled room that overlooks the pool area. One wall is all glass. On the opposite wall are shelves containing the trophies of Rachel Marron's career A Tony award, three Grammy's, gold and platinum records, other statuettes and plaques. Among the framed photo- graphs of Rachel accepting awards etc., is one of her and
16) 2) text: Dwarfed by the pool, the only person in sight is seven- year old Fletcher, the little boy from the photograph, dark-haired and fragile. He is crouched at the side of the pool with the remote control unit for a foot-long speedboat which is cutting across the water. A nanny sits, some way off, embroidering. Frank's attention is distracted. A heavier BASS MUSICAL BEAT comes from somewhere nearby in the house, another Rachel Marron number, but this time up-tempo and bouncy. Frank follows the sound.
17) 2) text: Playback, everybody! Rachel's voice comes from the sofa. RACHEL (O.S.)
17) 3) text: Come here, Rory! The choreographer skips to the sofa and disappears from sight. Sound of kissing, laughter. The video rewinds on the big screen and the dancers gathe round it expectantly. RACHEL (O.S.)
17) 5) text: Rachel... RACHEL (O.S.)
17) 7) text: Rachel. You wanna see it back from the beginning or just the ending... NICKI, responds to Rachel's question. NICKI
17) 8) text: It was just great, Rory... But Rachel is already replying to the video director.
17) 11) text: Ehh! RACHEL (O.S.)
17) 12) text: Don't worry, Rory. Tony doesn't appreciate great art. The pinned-up girl has been brought forward for Rachel's approval, elbowing Devaney a little to one side. DRESS DESIGNER
17) 13) text: (showing the costume) What do you think, Rachel? DEVANEY
17) 14) text: Rachel, Frank Farmer is... RACHEL (O.S.)
17) 16) text: (not looking) It's terrific... Devaney is now facing the unseen Rachel. DEVANEY
17) 17) text: Rachel, Frank Farmer is here. Devaney nods in Frank's direction.     Nicki looks at Fra RACHEL (O.S.)
17) 19) text: Frank Farmer. (getting no response) The bodyguard. RACHEL (O.S.)
17) 21) text: Rachel, raise your butt out of there and meet this man. RACHEL MARRON finally rises from the sofa.     It's a bit
17) 23) text: Well, I'm up. Rachel and Frank look across the room at each other. Frank comes forward. DEVANEY
17) 24) text: Frank Farmer, Rachel Marron. Rachel offers her hand and they shake.    Rachel looks hi up and down. RACHEL
17) 26) text: What did you expect? RACHEL
17) 28) text: This is my disguise. RACHEL
17) 30) text: This is Nicki, Rachel's sister and personal secretary. NICKI
17) 32) text: (indicating) ... Tony Scibelli. Tony nods but makes no move to shake hands. Rachel dismisses the Dress Designer. RACHEL
17) 34) text: ... Sy Spector, Rachel's publicist.
17) 37) text: Orange juice. RACHEL
17) 38) text: Straight?   Nicki. Nicki goes to the bar. Rachel sits and motions for Frank to sit opposite her. RACHEL
17) 39) text: Rory, I'll be with you in a second. Rory gets up, and goes over to his dancers at the big screen video. RACHEL
17) 42) text: Rachel, you want to run through your steps before we go again...? RACHEL
17) 44) text: I think Bill's right, Rachel. It's time you took more precautions. Spector enters the conversation. SPECTOR
17) 45) text: (one hand covers the phone) Nicki, I'm sure Mr. Farmer would tell you the number of nuts writing fan letters jumps every time Rachel is on the cover of a magazine. DEVANEY
17) 51) text: (to Frank) Rachel runs a very informal household, we're all on a first name basis... Spector has finished up on the phone and jumps in. SPECTOR
17) 52) text: ...And I'm sure you'll blend in just fine. You can select whatever alarm systems you want for the house. Some kind of improved security for the gate. What else, Rachel? Rachel stands and starts to wander over to Rory and the dancers. Frank looks at Devaney.   Devaney doesn't like the tone this is taking. RACHEL
17) 55) text: (punching phone) I was just going to cover that. We'll have to tell the child you have some other function... RACHEL
17) 57) text: Miss Marron... RACHEL
17) 58) text: Rachel. FRANK
17) 59) text: There's been a mistake. A misunderstanding. If you'll show me the quickest way out, we'll save each other a lot of trouble. Frank's on his way. Someone brings a silver headpiece on a stand to Rachel. She ignores it, still looking at Frank TONY
17) 65) text: Sy, I'm handling this. Rachel looks on coolly as Frank slides open the glass doo DEVANEY
20) 3) text: Have you ever tried having these professionally assessed? Devaney shakes his head no. Frank begins to look through the letters, flipping them b the corner of the page. From many different sources, some are scrawled, some typed, some assembled from cutouts. Many are soiled and torn, others immaculate. Occasionally one will have a photo of Rachel with crude markings on it Spector enters sucking on a popsicle. He comes to stand over Frank's shoulder, peering nonchalantly at the piles of letters.
21) 7) text: Rachel never liked it. SPECTOR
25) 3) dialog: appears beside Fletcher, looks down there too, then leads her son purposefully away. Fletcher isn't happy about it.
33) 0) text: Rachel, looking out her window at Fletcher and the work- men, sees the rock stop a yard from him. Fletcher scrambles away, much as a kid might dance back from a
33) 2) dialog: Fletcher!    C'mon. Back in here! As she speaks, some workmen test the remote control on a window shutter. It descends in front of Rachel's face. She is not amused. Fletcher passes Frank on his way to join Rachel. He mutters almost under his breath.
34) 0) text: The room is dark. An opaque projector throws an image onto a screen; it is a letter threatening Rachel's life. We hear voices. One is Frank's; the other two belong to special agents RAY COURT and TERRY MINELLA. The letter is one of the pasted-up threats we saw being assembled earlier. It reads:
36) 0) text: It's busy. Lots of customers arriving, leaving and seated at tables. Waiters criss-cross the terrace. Near the entrance, Rachel is saying goodbye to a middle-aged WOMAN. Frank stands nearby with Nicki. The Woman says something to Rachel, who turns and looks at Frank. Rachel whispers something to the Woman and they both laugh. They kiss and Rachel moves toward the entrance.
36) 3) text: Goodbye, Nicki. So great to see you. Nicki waves and follows Rachel. Frank stays very close without seeming to walk with Rachel. A little girl darts into their path and approaches Rachel Rachel glances at Frank, who has stopped with her, then she signs an autograph for the girl. The girl's mother, close behind her, hands a small camera casually to Nicki to be photographed as she and her daughter pose with Rachel. Frank watches Nicki quietly comply. Rachel, Spector and Frank all reach the front entrance together, and Frank slips out first, glancing around. Rachel comes out and passes within inches of him.
36) 4) dialog: I'm surprised you didn't plug them.
37) 0) text: Rachel attracts the usual stares from passersby. As they reach the limousine, Frank continues scanning the street. Tony stares at him, uncomprehending.
43) 0) text: Rachel has been watching Fletcher and Frank down the hill. Now she leans back on the chaise lounge where she is sunning, trying to listen to a new song on a Walkman. There is the SCREECHING howl of a DRILL on METAL from the direction of the house. Rachel jumps up and yells toward the house.
43) 1) dialog: Shut up you assholes!
44) 0) text: A mild-looking OLD LOCKSMITH is working on Rachel's window. Rachel walks in from the pool, starting to peel off the swimsuit. She stops, startled, as she sees him. This is the last straw. She blows up.
44) 1) dialog: (clutching the swimsuit)
44) 4) dialog: Then you can take your tools with you. She turns to the window, in what she imagines is Frank's general direction, and, like a little girl, suddenly sticks out her tongue.
46) 0) text: Nicki is cutting fruit at the bar. Rachel, very tense, is taking the fruit and dropping it into a yogurt drink she's making in a blender. Rory, her choreographer, stands behind her, massaging her neck and shoulders. Spector is perched on a bar stool like a vulture. Devaney hurries into the room; Nicki gives him a look.
46) 1) dialog: I want him gone.
46) 5) dialog: That is not it! It's my money and my life and I want him out of here.
46) 8) text: On the patio. RACHEL
46) 10) text: Rachel, I'm getting goddamn sick of running up here every time he steps on your toes. (leaning out the glass door) Farmer! Would you come in here a minute? Devaney walks back toward Rachel. RACHEL
46) 12) text: Do you know who couldn't get past the gates yesterday? RACHEL
46) 14) text: Robin Leach, that's who. Rory sniggers into the back of Rachel's hair, fighting off a laugh. Rachel has difficulty keeping a straight face, too. Spector glares at them as Frank enters from the sliding door. SPECTOR
46) 17) text: Farmer, what is this about brunch at Charlie's? Rachel's been going there every Sunday for the last five years. FRANK
46) 21) text: So are the guys he's protecting you from. RACHEL
46) 23) text: Think of Fletcher -- Rachel turns ON the BLENDER, drowning out Nicki's voice. Frank looks at Rachel coolly. She stares at him petulantly, then turns OFF the BLENDER. RACHEL
46) 25) text: Oh Jesus, Bill. RACHEL
46) 27) text: (interrupting) What do you want from my life? RACHEL
46) 30) text: We're almost done. RACHEL
46) 35) text: Tuesday -- morning -- brunch. Where did you find this guy? Rachel turns ON the BLENDER and stares at Frank.
47) 0) text: Rachel's limousine is parked opposite the shop.    It's a decidedly downscale area. A little way  off, a   group of unemployed youths hang around, eyeing the limo   with interest. Henry sits  at the wheel. Tony  stands   by the open window, leaning against the car.
47) 2) text: I wish Rachel didn't keep coming here. It makes me nervous.
48) 1) dialog: Louise, you've got too much great stuff.
48) 3) text: Take it all, darlin'. Frank leans casually against a wall, not watching Rachel, but watching the shop, watching the street outside. Rachel finds something she likes.
48) 4) dialog: Wooo!   Let me try this on. She flicks a glance to Frank; he's not looking at her. She pulls back the curtain of the makeshift changing booth, then stops dramatically.
48) 6) text: (to Frank, indicating the open booth) Farmer, do you want to come in here with me? Just to be safe? Frank glances at her, then resumes his surveillance of the shop. Rachel's head bobs up and down above the curtain as she changes. RACHEL
48) 7) text: You probably won't believe this, but I have a reputation for being a bitch. Frank says nothing. He gazes outside through the store- front window and sees Henry and Tony horsing around next to the limo. A few small boys stand around the car. One of them is climbing onto the hood. RACHEL
48) 8) text: I didn't used to be. But you get known for being a certain way -- a way people think you are -- and pretty soon you get like that. Can't help it. Frank smiles knowingly.   Rachel notices. RACHEL
48) 10) text: I've seen a few. RACHEL
48) 12) text: (very flat) You can be as you choose to be. It's an act of discipline sometimes, but it can be done. Rachel stops in her tracks... then opens the curtains and looks at herself in the mirror. Also reflected in the mirror is Frank. RACHEL
48) 15) text: (without interest) That's right. Rachel turns to Frank. RACHEL
48) 17) text: You're too clever for me.   I can't keep up. Frank continues to search the shop and street with his gaze. Rachel steps closer to him. RACHEL
48) 18) text: Look at me, Farmer! Frank turns and looks at her. RACHEL
48) 20) text: Disapproval's a luxury I can't afford. Gets in the way. RACHEL
48) 22) text: That's right. It's a stand-off. After a moment, Rachel motions to an outfit on a rack just behind him. RACHEL
48) 24) text: I'm here to keep you alive... not to help you shop. Fuming, Rachel sizes things up, then grabs it herself, whipping the curtain shut behind her. A smile plays across Frank's face.
49) 1) text: Frank sits alone in his room, lit by the glow of the TV, dressed in a business-style blue suit and tie. He's watching Rachel's videos. Scattered around the video player are a collection of other Rachel Marron CD's, tapes and videos. Frank has been noting down lyrics on the yellow legal pad on his lap. Some of the phrases are circled. As he watches, we see a subtle change in his expression. It is as if he really were looking at Rachel for the firs time, here, watching her sing. For a second, she seems to be singing to him alone, passionate and vulnerable. He opens a small box and removes a tiny enamelled Russian Orthodox-type cross. He fastens the clasp, checking that it holds, then looks back to the screen.
50) 0) text: Rachel's SONG PLAYS OVER the moonlit estate.
51) 0) text: The room is surprisingly bare and simple, almost empty apart from Rachel's collection of old and faded dolls on the shelves and on the bed. Rachel is getting dressed for the evening. A hairdresser stands behind her, fussing with her hair. Rachel hears the MUSIC coming from outside and moves to the window. (The hairdresser moves with her, still busy with the brush.) Gazing across the garden, she sees the light in Frank's room and hears her own voice singing out from there too.
52) 0) text: Frank is showing Henry how to check the underside of the limo with an angled mirror on a stick. Both are crouched beside the vehicle. A noise makes them look up. Rachel, dressed to the nines and looking very sexy, emerges from the house with Spector and Devaney. Spector's carrying a videotape. Tony follows as they head for the car, where
52) 8) text: I just did. He disappears inside the limo. Rachel tugs at Frank's lapels, looks him up and down, brushing something off his shoulder. Frank's annoyed. RACHEL
52) 9) text: Nice suit, Frank. Rachel is about to get in. FRANK
52) 10) text: Rachel. He removes something from his pocket, a small enameled cross. FRANK
52) 11) text: I want you to keep this. Rachel looks at it, both flattered and confused. RACHEL
53) 0) text: Frank rides beside Tony in the front seat. The RADIO PLAYS SOFTLY in the b.g. In back, Rachel, Spector and Devaney are drinking champagne. Tony burps, smiles at Frank.
54) 0) text: The mob reacts to the sight of the approaching limo which turns into the parking area and heads for the backstage. Faces of the fans are at the windows leering at Rachel. Many are grotesquely painted. Some go into a wild frenzy as Rachel's limo pulls up. There is a punch-up and a man is beaten back. Someone has a video camera. Its quartz light shines in through the limo windows. Everybody squints at the glare.
55) 0) text: As Rachel's car pulls up, the beaten man dances weirdly at the curb with blood streaming from his nose. A pair of security guards try to hold them back.    As he limo stops, a chant begins.
56) 0) text: Rachel steps into a room set for a star's arrival. Flowers are on every surface that will hold them. One huge arrangement is so big it has to be placed on the
58) 0) text: Rachel sits in front of the mirror putting on the silver headpiece we saw earlier. She notices a small spray of lilies-of-the-valley among the floral arrangements. An envelope marked "Rachel" is attached to it. She reaches forward and opens it. We see the note as she unfolds it.
59) 0) text: Spector, Frank, and Devaney are there. Rachel seems dazed, unfocussed. Devaney hands the note to Frank.
59) 2) dialog: What do you mean 'another one'? Frank quickly shoots a look at Spector.
59) 5) dialog: Tell me what?
59) 9) dialog: (starting to panic) Someone was in my house?
59) 12) dialog: Someone was in my house?
59) 14) dialog: While Fletcher was there?
59) 18) dialog: No way anyone could what?
59) 25) dialog: Do you think he's out there? Devaney can't answer.   She turns to Frank.
59) 26) dialog: He's here, isn't he?
59) 29) dialog: But you know he was in my house... oh my God.
61) 0) text: Frank guides Rachel toward the stage exit. A roar from the audience begins. "Rachel! Rachel! Rachel!" It grows louder as they near the exit. Rachel's expression is a combination of fear and humiliation. When they have almost reached the exit, she stops.
61) 1) dialog: Wait...
61) 3) dialog: (cutting him off)
62) 3) dialog: Bill Devaney, ladies and gentlemen, thank you, Bill. Hey, everyone. Hello! Isn't Billy Thomas the greatest. He's asked me to sing a song. I hope you don't mind. The crowd roars its approval. Frank nervously scans the room. Rachel smiles and moves along the stage. MUSIC starts in the b.g. Masking obvious fear, she starts to sing. As she takes one hand from the microphone, her fingers tremble. She clasps it again to hide her anxiety.
62) 5) dialog: shows her alone and vulnerable, bathed in light, center- stage. Rachel snatches a quick glance at Frank then looks back to her silent audience.
63) 0) text: Rachel's limo stands waiting. CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal a black Toyota 4 X 4 parked among the other cars.
64) 0) text: Rachel approaches the end of her song, her voice coming ever stronger. Spector comes up to Frank in the wings, positioning himself combatively between Frank and his view of Rachel.
65) 0) text: Rachel scans the crowd, spread before her like a surreal mural. Camera flashbulbs explode like crazy through the glare. The thundering adoration is like a stimulant. She darts a look to Frank and gives him a fierce "naughty girl" smile.
65) 1) dialog: (turning back to crowd)
65) 4) dialog: (on the prowl)
65) 5) text: I think my feet are trying to tell me something... wanna see a new video? The crowd explodes. They know what song is coming. They start to move with Rachel.
65) 6) dialog: (dancing, talking)
65) 7) text: I want to dance... She skitters to the other side of the stage, baiting her fans. Her new video explodes across the video wall behind her. The crowd surges forward. Two security guards nervously tense up, watching the crowd. When one fan tries to climb onstage, Frank reaches out and unbalances him, so that the man falls back into the audience. Another man climbs the stage on the other side. One of the guards darts out like a ballboy at a tennis match, pushes the fan back and scurries to the far side to resume his vigilance. The crowd is getting even more excited, pressing closer, trying to touch Rachel. The security guards move in, but Rachel gestures for them to back off.
65) 9) text: Looking offstage at Frank. His frustration is almost intoxicating to her. She struts over the lip of the stage. A man leaps up from audience to join her. Frank starts forward. Rachel gestures to him to hold back, waving him off.
67) 0) text: Rachel dances erotically with the man -- bumping and grinding, sinking to her knees. The crowd roars approval. Frank quickly sizes up the scene. He speaks into a SURV KIT microphone in his sleeve. Across the room we see Henry listening, pushing an earpiece to his ear. Henry quickly scurries to an exit. Frank starts moving toward the stage. At that moment, the lucky man Rachel's dancing with grabs her around the waist and spins her gleefully, like the dance partner she has been pretending to be. One of security guards rushes forward to extri- cate her. The spinning man inadvertently bumps hard into the guard and the man loses his grip on Rachel. She flies out of his grasp and tumbles off the front of the stage -- into the adoring arms of a half dozen fans. The audience goes wild. This is the kind of thing Rachel was famous for when she was starting out. The scene resembles a rugby scrum... with Rachel the ball. Frank sees Rachel being passed over the heads of fans -- deeper into the audience. Her dress is ripped and torn apart. The silver headpiece is dislodged and disappears into the crowd.
67) 1) dialog: Fear fills her face. She's gone over the edge, literally and figuratively. She's lost control. Tony and the security guards are fighting to get to her, slamming bodies out of the way. In the b.g., the video continues on its serene, uninterrupted way.
69) 0) text: Rachel and Frank emerge from the darkness between two garbage bins and get into the limo Henry has waiting ther The car moves out with a SCREECH of tires, narrowly missi Spector as he staggers out of the building.
70) 0) text: Frank turns and looks at Rachel.    She is diminutive, doll-like, alone in the center of   the large limousine seat. Her  hands rise to her face   and her body begins t shake with sobs as she sits there   alone in the tattered remains of her dress. Frank turns away to avoid staring at her, but he feels
71) 0) text: The crowd is thinning out. A dim worklight is burning somewhere backstage. The auditorium is a mess; the cleaning crew has begun to work on the debris from the riot. FOOTSTEPS APPROACH, walking, pausing, as if looking for something. Lying on the floor in big CLOSEUP we see a small  fragmen of Rachel's dress. The FOOTSTEPS STOP by it. A    hand picks it up gently and lifts it OUT OF FRAME. We   hear t sound of a deep lingering INHALATION of breath.   The fee move on.
72) 0) text: Fletcher is asleep in his bed. Frank waits as Rachel glances in. Then she moves away. Opening the door to her room, she steps back, allowing him to enter ahead.
73) 0) text: Frank moves quickly into the room, checking the window and French door. Rachel waits silently by the door. All is clear. He steps back to the door. As he approaches her she begins to tremble. He gently reaches out and takes her in his arms. Slowly holding her he leads her to bed, moving aside some of Rachel's dolls, laid out on the pillows. Her hands go automatically to her dress but they are shaking so badly she cannot undo it. Frank gently does it for her. She willingly allows him to undress her and not a word is spoken between them. As she sits naked still trembling, he pulls down the covers and guides her gently into bed. As he adjusts the covers she reaches up and takes hold of his hand. He looks down, stroking her forehead like a child's.
73) 1) dialog: Aren't you going to ask me why I behave like that?
75) 0) text: Frank has been talking to the uniformed guard in the gate house and now begins walking up the drive toward the man- sion. The grounds are quiet, beautiful, misty. We see him from behind some foliage, as if he's being covertly observed, stalked. A twig snaps and he turns sharply. It's Rachel. She's dressed in a soft jumpsuit and starts jogging out from behind the bushes towards him
75) 3) text: Hey. RACHEL
75) 4) text: You're probably wondering what I'm doing. (as Frank nods) You didn't know I jogged, did you? Frank shakes his head. RACHEL
75) 6) text: No. I'm afraid I'll have to jog with you. They both smile. RACHEL
75) 7) text: Great.    I guess I can't do it. Rachel stops pumping, gasps for air, and for one moment, rests a hand on Frank's arm to support herself. She removes it quickly. RACHEL
75) 8) text: Will you walk with me a little? Frank nods and they cut off across the grounds. RACHEL
75) 10) text: That would be good. They walk in silence for few moments. When Rachel finally speaks, she sounds genuinely unsure of herself, nervous. It's very appealing. And if it's an act, she's a terrific actress.
75) 12) dialog: Farmer... I have this problem. This minor little problem. You see, I'd like to go out for an evening. Just me and a guy. You know... (makes a funny face)
75) 16) dialog: Only if you want to... I'm not so bad... (looks at him)
76) 2) dialog: Tell her she'll have to wait, babe. I'm getting fixed up here.
78) 0) text: Tight, shabby facilities. Dan opens the combination padlock to his locker and deposits the crumpled photo inside. As the hands remove the rubber gloves, the inside of the locker is revealed. Pasted over every inch of the locker are pictures of Rachel Marron. One tabloid shot of her dancing with the word "whore" scrawled across it. Taped to a single sheet of white paper in the center, like a holy relic, is the torn scrap of Rachel's dress from the MAYAN. The hands pin up the newly-acquired photo next to it.
80) 0) text: Frank and Rachel exit with a small crowd.    Rachel wears scarf and tinted glasses. The combination    goes a long way toward disguising her. They pause at    one of the di play windows. Inside is a poster for the    movie, Yojimb a large picture of Toshiro Mifune looking   scruffy and fierce.
80) 1) dialog: Well, he didn't look like he wanted to die to me.
80) 3) dialog: And because he had no fear of death, he was invincible?
80) 5) dialog: Well, he sure creamed 'em all in the end.
80) 7) dialog: How many times have you seen it?
81) 1) dialog: Your kinda place? Frank nods.
81) 3) dialog: Your kinda music? As she smiles:
81) 5) dialog: You figure no one can get by you here?
81) 7) dialog: Great.   What do I need you for?
81) 9) dialog: And you're ready to die for me?
81) 11) dialog: And you'd do it? Why?
81) 13) dialog: Maybe there's some glory in saving a president or something, but just anyone...
81) 17) text: That happens. RACHEL
81) 19) text: It happens. A beat. RACHEL
81) 21) text: What do you mean? RACHEL
81) 23) text: A long time ago. RACHEL
81) 25) text: Do you mind if I don't answer? RACHEL
81) 26) text: I don't want to pry... Frank smiles at that. RACHEL
81) 28) text: She didn't die did she? You weren't like... protecting her and she got killed? Frank is silent, grim.    Rachel looks stricken. RACHEL
81) 32) dialog: Oh Frank, I'm sorry. Frank laughs.
81) 34) text: It was less dramatic than that. She didn't love me anymore. Can you imagine such a thing? Frank puts a smiling spin on this last; it's pretty charming. Rachel looks at him.
81) 35) dialog: No, not really. A SONG comes on the JUKEBOX -- 'WHAT BECOMES OF THE BROKE HEARTED.' Frank smiles as Rachel begins to sing.
81) 36) dialog: So, is this a full service date, Frank? Frank's wary.
81) 37) dialog: I'm just asking you to dance.
82) 0) text: Frank and Rachel navigate a tiny dance floor. Frank is a surprisingly good dancer and is comfortable being this close to her. Rachel hums softly, picking up the words to the song.   A we listen to the lyrics something clicks in her head.
82) 1) dialog: You like this?
82) 6) dialog: (trying to compose herself)
82) 9) text: It is, isn't it. Suddenly a dish drops to the floor. Frank, still dancing, makes a smooth quick turn that puts his body between Rachel and the noise. His head turns to locate the source of the noise.
82) 10) dialog: Don't worry, I'll protect you. They drift back into the music, Rachel singing, Frank watching.
84) 0) text: Frank hangs back, drink in hand, as Rachel explores the basement. Frank has fitted it out as a combination gym/ target range/weapons workshop. The place has a kind of unfussy order about it, a simplicity.
84) 1) dialog: (almost to herself)
84) 3) dialog: (reading)
84) 5) dialog: What'd you play?
84) 7) text: End. RACHEL
84) 9) text: No.    Fast. Rachel puts down her drink and moves toward a samurai sword that is mounted in its scabbard on the wall. She looks at it, peering closely. RACHEL
84) 10) text: You some kind of a samurai, too? Frank smiles. RACHEL
84) 12) text: Money. Rachel looks around at Frank's modest home. RACHEL
84) 13) text: I can see your tastes are extravagant. She looks at Frank and then back at the sword.   She reaches out to touch it. RACHEL
84) 14) text: May I? Frank nods. Rachel takes it off its mount carefully, unhooks the scabbard and begins to slide it off. FRANK
84) 15) text: Watch yourself. Rachel slides the scabbard off. The naked blade is breathtaking. Rachel holds the sword out before her. She walks toward Frank, then stops and looks over the blade at him. RACHEL
84) 18) dialog: It seems to me a bodyguard must know little peace. Frank stands up so that the point of the sword is only about an inch from his chest. He reaches out over the blade to Rachel's neck and unties the silk scarf she is wearing there. One hand draws the scarf away. The other hand lingers for a moment on her neck, then lifts away.
86) 1) dialog: I've never been this safe before. Frank smiles.
86) 2) dialog: No one could get by you.
87) 0) text: The roller-blind is raised with a sharp, snapping sound. Frank is moving around the room, getting dressed. Rachel
87) 2) text: What? What is it? What are you doing? Frank keeps moving, looking for his shoes. RACHEL
87) 4) text: Rachel, I don't want to get confused about what I'm doing here. RACHEL
87) 6) text: You pay me to protect you, that's what I do. Rachel sits up. RACHEL
87) 8) text: No, nothing. RACHEL
87) 9) text: Then what is it? She lifts the sheet seductively and looks over the top of it. RACHEL
87) 11) text: No, I want you to do without. She stops. RACHEL
87) 16) text: No, I'm sorry. This is my fault. RACHEL
87) 18) text: You didn't do anything. It was me. I involved myself with my client. Rachel picks up on the word. RACHEL
87) 20) text: I made a mistake. RACHEL
87) 22) text: Christ! I've told you why. I can't protect you like this. RACHEL
87) 24) text: Yeah... RACHEL
87) 26) text: You can live with that or you can fire me. RACHEL
87) 27) text: But I can't fuck you. Frank turns and looks at her.    This is hard for him, to RACHEL
89) 0) text: Frank is investigating the small packet, with a surgeon's precision, checking it with a stethoscope and a metal detector, sniffing at it. It has been addressed in the normal way, except that Rachel's name has been cut out of a magazine and pasted above the address. He begins carefully slicing away the wrapping. Inside is a cardboard box. The contents are still hidden by packing paper. He picks it away with tweezers. Suddenly there is a LOUD BUZZING from the box and movement in the paper. Frank drops the box into a bed of sand in a sink surrounded by sandbags. The movement slows and stops. Frank extracts the item -- it is a wind-up mechanical beaver with a hand-painted sign hung around its neck: WE LOVE YOU, RACHEL YOUR FANS IN BEAVER, PA. SALLY AND KATE.
90) 4) text: What's on my mind is that you're fired, Frank. She missed all her interviews yesterday because of your little date. Do you realize she stood up Barbara Walters? First you fuck up her career... Behind Spector, out of his line of sight, Rachel and Devaney appear in the doorway with more cards. They also stop and listen.
90) 11) text: Frank stays. Spector looks round, sees that Devaney and Rachel have been listening. Rachel is silent. With a curt nod of his head, Spector gestures to the assistants to leave the room. Devaney weighs in. DEVANEY
90) 12) text: With this high a profile, Rachel needs protection now more than ever. If he goes, you can forget Miami... SPECTOR
90) 13) text: She's signed the fucking contract, Bill. You want me to read it to you? Rachel is watching them both. DEVANEY
90) 15) text: Oh. 'Fuck the contract.' Great. Why don't you let Rachel speak for herself? I think she has some say in this. RACHEL
90) 17) text: Mr. Schiller calling on line one... Spector ignores her, still holding his look at Devaney, Rachel and Frank. SPECTOR
90) 20) text: I gave in. That's not easy for me. Don't I get a hug? Rachel is stone-faced.   Spector covers by picking up the phone. SPECTOR
90) 21) text: (into phone) Yeah?... Sure, put him on... Ben how are you?... uh huh... Frank and Rachel look at each other in silence. SPECTOR
90) 22) text: ...The Ambassador? What the hell are you trying to pull, Ben? Rachel always gets the Presidential... I don't care what you thought... Devaney leans to Frank as Spector's conversation continue in the b.g. DEVANEY
90) 28) dialog: (to Frank)
90) 30) dialog: (sweetly)
90) 33) dialog: (across him)
99) 0) text: Behind the glass doors that lead to the pool, bright quartz lights clock on. A camera crew stands waiting. Someone mimes a "we're rolling" sign with his hands. Inside Rachel waits with Spector and BEN SCHILLER, the tough, fat fellow who owns the place. Frank is at her elbow.
99) 4) dialog: Quit bitching, Farmer. This is the part you do get paid for. Rachel sweeps out the door.    The camera crew hurries to keep up with her.
100) 0) text: This place is crowded with hundreds   of guests basking o chaise lounges. A sea of sun-baked    faces virtually as far as the eye can see. The sight    of the crowd and the presence of the news crew seems to   push Rachel to a whole new adrenaline level. Rachel walks among them, moving swiftly, evaluating the bodies displayed before her in words and expressions, playing to the camera.
100) 1) dialog: Oh my God. Look what they're wearing. Mother, hide your eyes... Heads turn to look.
100) 2) dialog: I couldn't wear that suit... Honey, you're naked... Of course, if I had a body like that... There is a murmur of recognition from some of the guests. She pauses to shake a hand, and now all the guests throughout the pool area are aware that Rachel Marron is among them. People stand on chairs, scramble for pens and paper, run
100) 4) text: Great, babe. They got what they needed. Let's get back inside. Frank increases his pace to keep by Rachel's side, gently easing a path for her. Schiller scurries behind in Frank's wake. Rachel turns suddenly as a tall good-looking lifeguard appears in the throng. She eyes him appreciatively. RACHEL
100) 5) text: (to lifeguard) You look like a man of good taste to me. Come to my party tonight. (to Schiller) Ben, make sure this boy gets to my party. Schiller nods. Rachel glances at Frank, making sure he gets the point, and then she's off again. The throng gets tighter. Frank's having to work harder, steering her towards the door back into the hotel. The familiar chant starts up: "Rachel, Rachel." It's starting to resemble the frenzy of the opening scene. This time, amid the thrusting hands and clamoring faces, a few bewildered elderly guests look dazed as they are shoved forward. A child starts crying, lost in the mess of legs and Bermuda shorts. A distraught mother tries to reach him. Someone is jostled into the pool as the crowd surges again. Amid the chaos, whistles and scattered applause.   Rachel drinks it all in. RACHEL
100) 6) text: (over her shoulder) Thank you. Thank you. Come tonight and give till it hurts. With a final surge, Frank makes it to the door with his party. The door closes shut behind them. A mass of distorted faces pushes onto the glass. The party walks on briskly. RACHEL
100) 10) text: Kick me, beat me... whatever makes you feel good. But let's not pretend you don't like it. We're too close for that. Whipping people into a frenzy is why you got into it in the first place. Rachel's eyes lock with  Spector's -- there's a real conn tion and understanding  here that she spends a lot of tim denying. Frank sees it   as clearly as Spector, whose ton becomes almost soothing  --
100) 13) dialog: Now you're going to tell me about magic? Give it a rest will ya...
100) 15) text: ... I know you like to be reminded sometimes. Rachel looks away.   It's true.   He's good at his job.
101) 0) text: In the spotlight, all alone, Rachel Marron works her magi She sings, as it was meant to be sung, "I Have Nothing." One person does not look at Rachel. He stands in a corner in front of the stage easily in the shadows. His eyes continually scanning. Picking up every movement. All alone. Watching.
104) 0) text: Tony sits in a chair watching TV, a drink in his hand, oblivious to all. The lifeguard shuts Rachel's door be- hind him and makes his way down to the party. He pauses at the head of the stairs, checking out the party, and grabs a glass of champagne from a passing waiter. Frank catches the movement; the two men briefly lock eyes. The lifeguard responds with a knowing smile.
106) 8) text: Maybe eighteen. You working? Rachel makes her entrance, and poses self-mocking on the landing above the crowd, accepting applause. She has succeeded in under-dressing everyone in the room. She is a star. Frank nods in her direction... that's his client. PORTMAN
106) 9) text: (impressed) No kidding? I'd call that a step up from the President. Probably sings better too. RACHEL
106) 10) text: Thank you.   Thank you.   You're so right. SCATTERED LAUGHS. RACHEL
106) 11) text: I want everyone to have a good time and drink as much of Ben Schiller's liquor as you like. Rachel descends into the crowd, laughing and blowing kisses. PORTMAN
106) 22) text: No. Only my qualifications for the priesthood. You were always clear about that. Anyway, I appreciate it. I had to turn it down but I appreciate it. Portman notices Rachel looking at him, as she makes her way to them. Rachel takes Frank's orange juice and sips. Makes a very funny face. RACHEL
106) 23) text: That's orange juice! Rachel gives Portman an approving once-over.
106) 24) dialog: Who are you?
106) 27) dialog: I take it you've met my bodyguard?
106) 29) dialog: (suddenly more interested)
106) 32) dialog: (looking between them)
106) 34) dialog: (to Portman)
106) 37) dialog: Good. (she takes his arm)
107) 0) text: Rachel's taking a breather on the balcony, drinking cham- pagne, talking to Portman and another couple. Everybody's high and happy. Conversation bubbles.
107) 1) text: Rachel leans into Portman; heads together, they whisper intimately. Rachel laughs, then for a brief moment, turns her head to look directly at Frank. Her look is petulant, defiant. Portman does not see this.
109) 0) text: Rachel and Portman are poised precariously halfway over the railing. Frank's hand shoots out, grabs Rachel's wrist and tugs at the pair of them. Portman regains his balance first and pulls Rachel back from the edge.
109) 3) dialog: (looking at Portman)
109) 6) dialog: It's a long way down, Frank. (to Portman)
109) 7) text: You saved my life. Frank eyes the newly-welded anchor fixture.   It has held. Rachel takes Portman by the arm.   The front of her dress is stained with champagne.
109) 8) dialog: Maybe someone will keep an eye on me while I change. She leads Portman past Frank and up the stairs toward her bedroom. Frank and Portman lock eyes. Portman shrugs; he feels badly for Frank.
111) 0) text: Rachel and Portman are kissing, with some heat. Portman's hands are starting to explore her body.
112) 0) text: Frank still looks at Rachel's doorway, thinking. After a moment, he walks across the room to the sliding doors that lead to the balcony outside.
113) 0) text: Frank steps outside. No one there. The moonlight re- flects off the ocean. The SURF sounds a STEADY BEAT. It is peaceful and quiet. A relief. On the Katz's balcony, forty feet away, little Mark Katz is leaning against the railing, staring at Rachel's suite. Frank smiles at him.
114) 0) text: Rachel and Portman are still locked in the clinch. Realizing what she's doing, Rachel suddenly pulls back,
114) 2) dialog: I'm not doing this.
114) 5) dialog: I said I was grateful.   Thank you and good night. She looks to the door that leads back to the party. The SOUNDS of CELEBRATION CONTINUE outside. She starts to cross to the door.
114) 6) dialog: (cool)
114) 7) text: Please go now. Portman moves toward her as she opens the door, reaching for her arm. Then he sees, through the doorway, Tony standing in the hall talking to a woman. Tony looks up at the sound of the door and sees them both. Rachel slips quickly out of Portman's grip.
114) 8) dialog: Mr. Portman was just leaving us, Tony. Portman hesitates, then smiles at Rachel and Tony and, with a quick peck on Rachel's cheek, slips past them back to the party. Rachel briefly scans the party crowd over Tony's shoulder but she doesn't see Frank. The door closes, leaving her alone in the room again. She reaches for a bottle of Scotch and raises it to her mouth, drinking straight from the bottle.
115) 0) text: Frank looks out at the ocean. ECHOING on the soundtrack, we hear the song 'WHAT BECOMES OF THE BROKEN HEARTED' that Rachel and Frank danced to. It sounds slow and sweet and a long way away. Frank stares out at the ocean. Totally divorced from everything in the suite behind him, in the world around him. There is only the moon and the ocean. For this
116) 0) text: A chambermaid is Hoovering the floor. Rachel steps out of her bedroom. She looks terrible. Hungover, she is wearing sunglasses and a loose smock. It is noon of the following day.
117) 0) text: Frank is sitting at the kitchen table eating a sandwich. Behind him, in the dining room, a Cuban maid has set a place with breakfast. She is pouring orange juice as Rachel walks in. Rachel sits down at the table as though the walk in had been a terrible effort. She looks at the breakfast with distaste and picks up the coffee. Frank continues to eat. Rachel looks at him.
117) 1) dialog: (nasty) What the hell are you looking at? (pause) You probably never had a heavy night in your whole, goddamn disciplined life.
117) 3) dialog: You know, Farmer, you're a self- righteous son-of-a-bitch.
117) 4) text: Frank has to smile at this, which makes Rachel even angrier.
117) 5) dialog: Don't laugh at me, goddamit!   And don't you dare judge me.
123) 0) text: Frank is almost at the door. We hear LAUGHTER. A key turns in the lock. Rachel and Tony come through the door in high spirits, their arms full of shopping bags and packages. Frank stops dead and    watches. Rachel glances at him an goes into the living    room. Tony looks at him meaning- fully and follows.     Frank reflects for a moment, then pulls the front door    closed, oh so gently.
124) 0) text: Rachel drops packages around and goes to the bar, pours herself a drink. Tony takes some packages to Rachel's bedroom.
124) 1) dialog: Hello, Devaney.
124) 4) dialog: Tony and I went over to Bal Harbour. Did a little shopping. Tony comes back, a smile playing across his lips.    Fran watches near the entrance.
124) 6) text: You know you're not supposed to do that. Frank and Rachel look at each other.
124) 7) dialog: Farmer, you work here! Do you understand that? You work for me.
124) 11) dialog: Did Fletcher call? Devaney, staring after Frank, shakes his head "no."
128) 0) text: Rachel is seated at her dressing table applying her makeup for the evening's performance. The telephone RINGS as she begins to work on her hair.
128) 1) dialog: Fletcher? No response.
128) 2) dialog: Baby, is that you? It's mommy, honey.
130) 2) text: Farmer... Nothing that's happened between us matters... I understand now... You're going to have to believe me, because I'm not going to beg. She takes a long drag on her cigarette. RACHEL
130) 3) text: It wasn't what he said... it was the way he said it... he was so... Her voice cracks.   She stops and tries to compose hersel RACHEL
130) 5) text: I can't protect you like this. It's impossible. The odds are on his side. RACHEL
130) 6) text: I'll do whatever you say. This is the first time Frank has ever heard Rachel say that. He studies her, then looks out at the ocean. FRANK
130) 7) text: I want to take you away for a while. Rachel nods. FRANK
132) 0) text: Herb squats on the floor with Fletcher. Together, they are happily playing around with the fluffy terrier. Fletcher squeals with delight as the dog licks his face. Henry brings the remaining luggage through. Rachel and Nicki stand with Frank near the archway. All eyes are on
132) 2) dialog: That's going to protect us?
132) 4) dialog: Terrific.
133) 0) text: Herb stands beside a butcher block, cutting vegetables for the evening meal with a practiced hand. Rachel watches, drink in hand, looking around the kitchen. It has been neatly organized.
133) 2) text: Frank's momma. There's the COUGH and SPUTTER of an outboard MOTOR from outside. Rachel looks from the kitchen window and sees Fletcher and Frank in the small skiff by the dock. Fletcher tugs again on the starter cord.       At the thi tug he tumbles backwards onto the seat.
133) 3) dialog: Fletcher doesn't swim well.
133) 6) dialog: That's right.
133) 10) dialog: It's so quiet here.
133) 13) text: We buried Katherine that day. Rachel looks out again at Frank and Fletcher in the boat.
134) 0) text: Fletcher, Rachel and Frank are chugging across the golden water in the skiff. Fletcher sits at the back, operating the outboard, controlling the movements of the boat. He wears a life vest. Rachel watches him proudly. Fletcher locks the throttle into place and takes his hands off it for a laughing moment with a "Look, Mom, no hands" gesture. Rachel looks to Frank and smiles, the wind blowing her hair.
136) 0) text: Rachel, munching on a raw carrot, browses a row of family photographs. The sounds of dinner being prepared come from the kitchen. We see the history of the family in the pictures; Frank as a ten-year-old baseball player with a younger Herb; Herb as Police Chief of Bend, Oregon, being given a civic award; Frank as a college football wide receiver; Herb and Katherine Farmer, all dressed up and being introduced to Jimmy Carter by Frank; the picture-perfect family home in Oregon with Katherine tending flowers. Rachel notices a photo of a smiling Henry Kissinger, talking to some female reporters. There standing shoulder-to-shoulder with him, are Frank and Portman. Portman's also smiling at the women, flirting. Frank is in a familiar pose, alert, unsmiling, vigilant. Rachel looks at the two of them for a second. Frank steps from the kitchen with an orange juice and a drink for Rachel in his hand. He watches her for a moment as she studies the photo. She turns and sees him. They lock eyes for several seconds. She smiles as he hands her the drink.
136) 2) text: Portman sometimes had trouble remembering what his job was. Supper's ready. We can see from Rachel's face that she feels embarrassed about her behavior in Miami.
137) 0) text: The meal has been enthusiastically consumed. Fletcher's manhandling a chicken leg, his face covered with crumbs and drippings. Rachel shakes her head, laughing.
137) 3) text: That's true, isn't it? (to Rachel)
137) 7) text: I don't care. I'm proud of that. (to Rachel)
140) 3) dialog: How long has this game been going on? Frank picks up a knight, thinks, sets it back down.
140) 11) dialog: Well, that's it for me, I'm going to bed. She rises. Frank follows her up the stairs.   Nicki watches them go.
141) 0) text: Frank stops at the end of the hallway, checking the lock on the window, the little terrier is at his heels. Rachel pauses outside the door. Frank gestures for the dog to stay. The dog sits in the middle of the hallway looking from one to the other. For a few seconds neither speaks. Frank smiles.
141) 2) dialog: Good night, Frank. Rachel turns, goes to her room and closes the door.
148) 0) text: Nicki's soft voice is joined by Rachel's strong harmony, and the two men watch as Rachel comes out to join her sister on the porch, startling Nicki. Both sing for a moment, together. Then Nicki stops, embarrassed. Rachel gives her a hug.
149) 3) text: Frank! I haven't... But Frank is already moving, leaping from the porch and starting to run flat out toward the boathouse and dock. Rachel turns to look. The skiff appears out of the boathouse, Fletcher at the motor, the boat's lone occupant. The boat moves slowly away from the boathouse, parallel to the dock. Frank is running toward the water with everything he's got, his face contorted. The sound of the OUTBOARD drowns out his voice as he yells.
149) 13) text: Fletcher, baby. Are you all right? Baby. Fletcher, spluttering, is handed up to Rachel by Frank. Rachel hugs Fletcher to her. Herb bends down to check he's breathing properly, wrapping the boy in his jacket. HERB
149) 14) text: He's all right. Henry helps Frank up out of the water.    Frank sits on the end of the dock, breathing hard. RACHEL
150) 0) text: Rachel and Nicki hurriedly pack their bags.   Fletcher hovers nearby.
156) 0) text: The terrier dog listens in the upstairs hallway. Herb watches from an upstairs window. Rachel lies in bed, clutching Fletcher tightly.
160) 3) dialog: What's happening? The terrier suddenly starts barking loudly.
162) 0) text: Frank and Herb spin around.    Rachel calls from her room
162) 1) dialog: Frank?
164) 0) text: Frank's head spins to Rachel's doorway, then immediately back to Herb. He starts to move towards the stairs, fast.
164) 2) text: Stay with Rachel! Henry's head appears round the doorway of Herb's room.
168) 0) text: Herb is by Rachel's bed.
168) 1) dialog: What's happening? Where's Nicki?
171) 0) text: Herb is at the window. There is anguish on his face as he hears the SHOTS. He wants to go to his son's aid but knows he cannot leave Rachel. Rachel and Fletcher are huddled in the bed, terrified. Fletcher clutches at the DOG, which is still BARKING. Henry stands by the bed, gun in hand.
176) 0) text: Rachel's black limousine moves slowly up the winding drive, followed by a black Mercedes limousine. Behind the cars, the gates close on a large press contingent gathered outside, held back by a large number of police and security guards. A light drizzle is falling. The two cars pull up to the entrance, Henry at the wheel of Rachel's. Frank gets out of the front and opens the back door. Devaney and Spector help Rachel and Fletcher out of the car. They are all dressed in black. A few other mourners, including Emma, get out of the Mercedes. Rachel, red-eyed and weary, takes Fletcher under her arm and goes inside. She does not look at Frank.
180) 0) text: Frank begins climbing the stairs. When he has gone a quarter of the way up, Rachel appears at the top and begins walking down. At first she doesn't see Frank; when she does she hesitates a moment, then continues down. They meet and try to sidestep each other, but twice they go in the same direction, unable to get around. Rachel, already emotionally ravaged, cracks. She begins slapping Frank hard about the face and torso. One of the first blows knocks the GLASS from his hand; it SMASHES loudly against the wall. He raises his arms in a half-hearted attempt to protect himself from the onslaught. She cries as she hits him.
180) 1) dialog: (hysterical)
180) 4) dialog: She never hurt anyone. She was good. (she looks at him; entreats him)
180) 5) text: You saw her. She never wished anyone any harm. Did she? Did she? Frank looks at her, shakes his head "no." Rachel puts her head in her hands and is silent for a few moments; her crying slows.
180) 6) dialog: (finally, quietly)
181) 0) text: It's bright sunshine. Fletcher is splashing noisily in the pool with a few other kids. His nanny waits patiently at the side, towels at the ready. At one side of the pool, Rachel sits, lost in thought, mourning her sister. At the other side sits Frank, also thoughtful. He, too, is trying to adjust to the tragedy for which he bears some of the responsibility. The SHOUTS and LAUGHTER of the kids continue.
182) 0) text: The guardhouse at the main gate is brilliantly illumi- nated in the distance. The guard patrols at his station. Inside, the T.V. screens flicker and glow. Perched on the top of a slight   hill, Frank sits alone a motionless under a big tree.    He gazes down at the gate house, his face lit softly by   the glow from its lamps. All around him the rest of the   estate is quiet and tranquil in the moonlight. After a moment, another silhouetted figure slowly ap- proaches and stands beside him. It's Rachel.
182) 1) dialog: I guess you've heard what's happening. Frank nods.
182) 2) dialog: Mind if I sit down? Frank shakes his head. They sit side by side for awhile, both lost in thought. Rachel seems very calm.
182) 3) dialog: It isn't over yet, is it? Frank shakes his head.
182) 5) dialog: So he'll come again?
182) 7) text: It's possible. RACHEL
182) 9) text: Maybe. Rachel takes this philosophically.     She tugs at the grass, thinking. RACHEL
182) 10) text: When I was back in Squirrel Hill, I started betting my friends fifty bucks each that someday I'd win an Oscar. You can understand how important it is that they see me up there if I win. She looks at him and smiles. RACHEL
182) 12) text: I think it's very dangerous. RACHEL
182) 13) text: I know. But I can't stay up here on my hill forever. They are silent for awhile.     Rachel lies back on the grass, stares at the sky. RACHEL
182) 16) dialog: I don't know why all this has happened to me... (a beat)
182) 18) dialog: (relieved)
183) 0) text: The limo is waiting in a line of limos to reach the red- carpeted entrance to The Pantages Theatre. Frank and Tony sit in front with Henry. In the back a spectacularly-gowned Rachel sits flanked by Devaney and Spector, both of whom, like Frank, are wearing tuxedos. ahead, they can all see the hubbub at the entrance: TV cameras, lights, photographers, arriving guests, two bleachers full of fans. The glare from the arc lights is almost blinding.
183) 5) dialog: I wish you boys would relax a little. Nothing bad's gonna happen out there, alright? (the old Rachel)
183) 7) dialog: Jesus, what a crew. Rachel leans forward and flips down the mirror on the panel in front of her and checks her appearance. The limo moves up.
183) 8) dialog: Screw it. I'm through worrying. When your number's up, it's up. Right, Farmer? The limo is almost at the red carpet.   Frank slips out the front door of the moving limo.
184) 1) text: as he surveys the busy scene. A microphoned M.C. peers into Rachel's limo and walks toward it.
185) 0) text: It is large and has been fitted with a bar and buffet. Formally-dressed presenters and hosts mill about, laugh- ing and talking. Many greet Rachel. A TV monitor hangs from the ceiling in one corner. On it, the Academy Awards continue. An elaborate dance number is just concluding. The audience applauds. Beside the monitor, a large clock with a ticking second hand. A harried associate producer SKIP THOMAS, comes up to Rachel, settled in an armchair. Tony stands nearby, Frank leans against a far wall.
185) 2) dialog: Sure, Skip. Skip takes a typewritten sheet from a sheaf in his hand and gives it to Rachel. He consults a clipboard as he speaks. There, laid out minute by minute, is the order of the evening's events. Each one has a precise time printed beside it, including those that involve Rachel.
185) 4) dialog: 
185) 6) text: Skip smiles and walks off, glancing up at the clock. 7:43. CLIVE HEALY, a slim British actor appears, bows and kisses Rachel's hand.
185) 8) dialog: That's right, Clive. And I don't like it one bit that you look skinnier than me.
186) 0) text: The celebrities in the Green Room drink, eat and talk. Rachel is deep in a giggling, girlish conversation with another actress. Skip Thomas approaches Rachel again.
186) 3) text: Rachel nods, goes back to her conversation.       Frank s up to Tony.
188) 0) text: Rachel's face as she watches Sandra Castle on the monitor She is at a makeup table. MUSIC is LOUD. The celebrities in the Green Room are impressed with Sandra's performance. There is spontaneous applause. Rachel turns to the room.
188) 1) dialog: I want that broad run out of town.
191) 0) text: Frank walks past Tony. Tony holds up the earpiece in frustration. Frank nods. He walks over to Rachel. He seems tense and she senses it. And like a tangible thing, his anxiety is passed over to her. She is frightened.
191) 1) dialog: (spooked)
191) 7) dialog: Yes!    I want him. Skip shrugs.    Clive takes Rachel's arm.
192) 4) text: Try to relax, Rachel. I know you must be very excited. Skip leads them to a set of temporary stairs behind the scenery; they lead to the center of the top tier. Production aides with clipboards and headphones wait up there.
192) 6) text: Rachel, you'll go in there and Clive, you over there. You'll meet on the landing. They both nod, but Rachel is distracted, tense. SKIP
192) 7) text: Watch your step going down. Someone spilled some water. Clive and Rachel climb the stairs. Rachel turns once more to look anxiously at Frank. She clutches the cross but he doesn't see. Frank watches them ascend. He signals Tony to stay there until Rachel goes on. Frank moves off toward the stage left wings. ON TV MONITOR - we see Reardon, acting as Master of Ceremonies, doing the introductions. REARDON (V.O.) (on screen)
192) 8) text: I used to have an outfit just like that... And to present the Best Song award we have our debonair friend from England and the lady who has everything -- Clive Healy and Rachel Marron! A red camera light clicks on. MUSIC UP, APPLAUSE, as we see Clive and Rachel make their entrances on the TV monitor.
194) 0) text: Rachel and Clive reach the podium. Clive is all smiles. Rachel is trying, but is obviously distracted.
194) 3) text: Well, Rachel, I know that you only came tonight to present this award and you'll want to leave as soon as we're done. Rachel's lines appear on the prompter, but she does not start reading them immediately. They stop moving on the screen. Rachel's face, her eyes darting about. There is an awful silence.
195) 0) text: Frank, watching Rachel, hears the barely audible CLICKING start from the tiny receiver on his belt. He's puzzled. His eyes dart to Rachel's hand and he sees the cross. He knows what she's going through. Her hand is shaking
196) 0) text: She sways. Clive supports her as discreetly as he can, smiling out at the audience. FROM BEHIND Clive and Rachel, we watch as Clive picks up Rachel's lines from the prompter, AD LIBBING to make them fit.
196) 7) dialog: (blurting her prompter lines)
196) 10) dialog: (reading) -- let's find out who the winner is.
196) 22) text: Rachel gasps, stifles a scream.
196) 25) text: Rachel loses control, backs away from the podium and runs off stage right. The audience applauds the winner.
197) 0) text: Frank sees Rachel run off the opposite side of the stage and heads over there, around the back of the scenery.
198) 0) text: Clive, the professional, stands holding the envelope. glances off after Rachel, mystified.
199) 0) text: A cluster of people   surround Rachel, comforting her. Frank comes up. He    does not try to force his way throu to Rachel. People    begin to move away, the cluster thin Two stars move off   toward the back of the stage.
199) 6) text: Christ, what an idiot I am. Jesus. What the hell's the matter with me? Frank moves up closer, and exchanges looks with Tony, who is confused by Rachel's behavior. Rachel turns toward Frank and, in so doing, brings the man comforting her around to face Frank. It is Reardon. RACHEL
199) 7) text: Farmer, you've made me a raving lunatic. Frank barely hears Rachel, so struck is he   by Reardon's presence. Frank looks around them quickly    for Portman. Rachel looks at Frank with irritation and   turns back toward the Green Room. A production aide    signals Reard REARDON
199) 8) text: (to Rachel) I have to go back out.   Are you okay? RACHEL
199) 9) text: Thank you for your help, John. I'm fine. Rachel walks off toward the Green Room with Tony. Reardon starts to walk out toward the stage. Frank stops him. Reardon is irritated. FRANK
200) 0) text: Rachel sits at a makeup table.   Skip Thomas approaches, clipboard in hand.
200) 2) dialog: Skip, I'm moving as fast as I can. For chrissake, go twitch somewhere else. Skip backs off.   Spector and Frank join the group.
200) 4) dialog: Bullshit, you saw me. Farmer's made me a raving lunatic --
200) 8) dialog: Shut up... This is the last straw. She throws down the powder and stands up fast, makeup and purse flying. The powder com- pact bursts over the cross lying on the table. Everyone in the Green Room looks at her.
200) 9) dialog: (hissing at him)
206) 3) text: As Rachel reaches the center aisle and starts to walk toward the steps, there in the far aisle, his face almost hidden, is Portman -- the camera, hand-held on his shoulder, moving level with Rachel, 20 feet behind her. Frank raises his gun.
206) 5) text: TIGHT ON Portman, now almost completely obscured behind the members of the audience, as more and more of them stand to applaud Rachel.
206) 6) text: ALONG THE SIDE OF THE CAMERA. Rachel keeps appearing and disappearing behind the heads of the audience.
206) 15) dialog: No!
209) 0) text: Dozens more helpers pour onto the stage around Frank and Rachel. Rachel starts to rise on all fours and sees, as hands reach out to help her, the blood on Frank's shirt. He has taken the hits for her. But he's still on the job, gaze alert. Without taking his eyes from the audi- torium, his left arm stretches out, with some pain, to push Rachel back down. The right arm, gun in hand, sweeps the auditorium. Where is Portman? Frank can't see past the mob. Ushers fall on Frank in a heap, trying to disarm him. Security men try to pull them off. Rachel shouts, trying to make herself heard above the noise.
209) 1) dialog: He's my bodyguard. Get off him! He's O.K...
212) 0) text: A buffed-out charter turboprop stands on the tarmac as the last pieces of equipment of Rachel's band are loaded aboard from a truck. A limousine pulls up and Rachel gets out with Tony and Court, who is clearly acting as her bodyguard. She greets some members of the band and others who will be part of her entourage. A roadie has her luggage removed from the limo and loaded aboard the plane. Devaney is trying to hurry her on board. Spector is conspicuous by his absence. As Rachel and the others prepare to get onto the plane, Tony, wearing a dark leather eyepatch, reacts to something O.S. Frank approaches from the nearby parking area. He is pale. Under his clothes it can be seen that his torso is still taped. He smiles as Tony. Their handshake becomes a quick abrazo.
212) 4) text: Under control. But it won't be the same... ya mutt. Tony fakes a glancing blow to Frank's chin. Over by the plane, Fletcher spots Frank and tugs at Rachel's dress, till she turns to look. Fletcher runs up to Frank and hugs him around the knees. Rachel approaches and Tony moves back toward the plane. Devaney waves in Frank's direction, tapping his watch to indicate they are late. Frank waves and smiles. Rachel's surprised to see Frank, but clearly happy. Fletcher is ecstatic. RACHEL
212) 5) text: You shouldn't be here. Frank laughs.    There is a pause. RACHEL
212) 7) text: Yeah. RACHEL
212) 9) text: I thought I might hole up with my dad. (pats bandaged torso) Finish that chess game. Rachel nods approvingly. RACHEL
212) 11) text: (ruffling Fletcher's hair) That's the idea. Fletcher grins.   Rachel starts to cry. FRANK
212) 12) text: So, how's the new guy? RACHEL
212) 16) dialog: Why'd you have to get me an old man?
212) 18) dialog: Yeah... well, give me a kiss and let's get this over with. Frank gives her an awkward hug.   They kiss.
213) 0) text: Rachel takes a seat beside Fletcher.   Devaney leans over the aisle.
213) 2) text: You okay? Rachel is in her own world. Devaney passes the word to get moving. The ENGINES WARM UP. Rachel turns and sees Frank still standing there looking at her.
216) 0) text: Rachel's face at the window.
216) 1) dialog: Wait...
217) 2) text: Remember when you said you'd risk your life for me? Frank tries to break in, but she won't let him interrupt. RACHEL
217) 3) text: I didn't really believe it then. Nobody means what they say. But you did, Frank. You did it. You laid it all on the line for me. Frank tries to speak, she puts her hands to his lips. RACHEL
217) 7) text: I won't be forgetting you either. She presses something into Frank's hand. RACHEL
218) 0) text: Rachel's face in FULL FRAME, bathed in light and the applause of a huge audience.
218) 1) dialog: Thank you... Thank you... Now I want to sing you an old song, but it's a new favorite. As the music begins, Rachel stands alone in front of the band, mike in hand.
218) 2) dialog: You know, this song used to make me feel sad... But it doesn't anymore. Rachel pauses.   The audience is still.
218) 3) dialog: Now it just reminds me of someone very special... This is for him. Rachel begins to sing the song 'WHAT BECOMES OF THE BROKEN HEARTED' - slow and sweet. It's the song she and Frank danced to.    As a VERSE
220) 0) text: Rachel ends a phrase. She dabs at the corner of her eye as she continues the song that still binds them together.