17) 3) text: Come here, Rory! The choreographer skips to the sofa and disappears from sight. Sound of kissing, laughter. The video rewinds on the big screen and the dancers gathe round it expectantly. RACHEL (O.S.)
185) 0) text: It is large and has been fitted with a bar and buffet. Formally-dressed presenters and hosts mill about, laugh- ing and talking. Many greet Rachel. A TV monitor hangs from the ceiling in one corner. On it, the Academy Awards continue. An elaborate dance number is just concluding. The audience applauds. Beside the monitor, a large clock with a ticking second hand. A harried associate producer SKIP THOMAS, comes up to Rachel, settled in an armchair. Tony stands nearby, Frank leans against a far wall.
185) 1) dialog: Hello, Rachel. I need to get you straight on your responsibilities.
185) 3) dialog: Now, it's Best Sound, then another song, then you. At precisely (looks at his clipboard) -- 8:07, you'll be presenting with Clive Healy. Those are your lines. The prompter's straight ahead and -- we pray -- working perfectly. Rachel nods.
185) 6) text: Skip smiles and walks off, glancing up at the clock. 7:43. CLIVE HEALY, a slim British actor appears, bows and kisses Rachel's hand.
186) 0) text: The celebrities in the Green Room drink, eat and talk. Rachel is deep in a giggling, girlish conversation with another actress. Skip Thomas approaches Rachel again.
186) 1) dialog: 
191) 2) text: What's wrong? Skip Thomas appears at her side.
191) 3) dialog: Rachel... Clive. Let's go, okay? Clive Healy comes over. Rachel must tear her eyes away from Frank. Tony floats up behind them. Skip regards him with irritation and turns to Frank.
191) 4) dialog: (indicating Tony)
192) 4) text: Try to relax, Rachel. I know you must be very excited. Skip leads them to a set of temporary stairs behind the scenery; they lead to the center of the top tier. Production aides with clipboards and headphones wait up there.
192) 6) text: Rachel, you'll go in there and Clive, you over there. You'll meet on the landing. They both nod, but Rachel is distracted, tense. SKIP
200) 0) text: Rachel sits at a makeup table.   Skip Thomas approaches, clipboard in hand.
200) 1) dialog: Rachel, I'm sorry, but if you're going to be in your seat for the Best Actress award, you've got to do it now.