92) 3) dialog: God damn.    I'll get someone right on it.
93) 0) text: Frank walks quickly across the living  room of the lavish suite.  Two uniformed security guards  are making a sweep of the room with POLICE DOGS. Frank   checks the drawer o a side table and then seals it with a  peel-off security tape.  Thuringer is waiting near the  entrance hall. Frank nods to him.
94) 0) text: This is a semi-private corridor; several hotel employees are steam-cleaning the carpet. Frank looks at them, then Thuringer.
94) 1) dialog: It's okay, they've been cleared. He shows his clipboard to Frank. As the two men walk along the corridor, the guest elevator opens and a twelve-year-old boy in a bathing suit (MARK KATZ) steps out, accompanied by his nanny. In the background, hotel security men are checking fire-extinguishers and closets.
94) 2) dialog: (to Frank)
94) 5) dialog: Hi, Mark.
94) 7) dialog: (to Frank)
94) 8) text: Theirs is the only suite on the floor. The two men reach the service elevator and the emergency exit door at the end of the hall. Frank opens the stair- way door and goes inside. Thuringer follows.
94) 9) dialog: As you asked, the rooms below have been kept vacant.
96) 0) text: Frank and Thuringer walk into and along the edge of the busy kitchen.
97) 0) text: Frank walks ahead of Thuringer. He looks around and pauses at the edge of the stage. Then he steps out on a stage. A piano tuner is at work in the corner.
98) 1) text: as he looks out at the mammoth room. Frank stands center stage and looks around. The naked- ess of this spot gets to him. He shakes his head and looks at Thuringer. Thuringer smiles.
105) 0) text: Thuringer has set up a checkpoint through which all guests are passing. As they get off the elevator, they walk up to a desk manned by one of Thuringer's uniformed guards. When their names have been checked off a master list, they walk past another guard wielding a metal detector. No one likes it, but they all do it. Most of the local TV stations have sent camera crews. handheld cameras move among the guests, their bright lights flaring. FLASHBULBS POP. It's a local media event. Frank squints as a quartz light shines straight in his face. A tall, fit, athletic-looking man raises his arms; is cleared by the metal detector. He is GREG PORTMAN.
122) 2) text: Thuringer, this is Farmer. Where's your man on the door to the suite? (listens)