16) 0) text: Frank steps into a tiled room that overlooks the pool area. One wall is all glass. On the opposite wall are shelves containing the trophies of Rachel Marron's career A Tony award, three Grammy's, gold and platinum records, other statuettes and plaques. Among the framed photo- graphs of Rachel accepting awards etc., is one of her and
17) 10) text: I wanna see it all. Tony?      I'll bet Tony loved it. The brawny man, Tony, shrugs and stands to look at Frank as he speaks. TONY
17) 12) text: Don't worry, Rory. Tony doesn't appreciate great art. The pinned-up girl has been brought forward for Rachel's approval, elbowing Devaney a little to one side. DRESS DESIGNER
17) 32) text: (indicating) ... Tony Scibelli. Tony nods but makes no move to shake hands. Rachel dismisses the Dress Designer. RACHEL
17) 40) text: Listen, this whole thing is Bill's idea... This sudden obsession with protecting me. Tony has always handled my security and we've done just fine. SPECTOR (O.S.)
17) 53) text: I think I'm safe when I'm here at the house so I guess the main thing will be when I go out. Tony will be able to fill you in on all that. You two will have to work something out. I don't want both of you falling all over me everywhere I go. The most important thing is this -- I will not allow Fletcher to be affected by this thing...
17) 59) text: There's been a mistake. A misunderstanding. If you'll show me the quickest way out, we'll save each other a lot of trouble. Frank's on his way. Someone brings a silver headpiece on a stand to Rachel. She ignores it, still looking at Frank TONY
17) 61) text: Shut up, Tony. FARMER
37) 0) text: Rachel attracts the usual stares from passersby. As they reach the limousine, Frank continues scanning the street. Tony stares at him, uncomprehending.
37) 1) dialog: (impatiently)
37) 2) text: Hey, let's go. Frank takes a last look then gets into the front seat next to Tony.
37) 4) text: O.K. Henry, let's go. Tony looks at Frank, eyes narrowing. From across the street, we see the limo pull away. As the shot clears, the dark shape of another vehicle appears, slowly moving into frame over the top of the camera.
38) 0) text: Frank sits beside Tony, next to the door.   Tony speaks to him in a near whisper.
38) 1) dialog: Let me set you straight on a few things. For starters, I love this lady... What I do for her I do for
38) 6) text: No problem. I'd like to know how you handle things, Tony. TONY
38) 9) text: Is that him? Frank shakes his head, he's not sure.   Tony reacts. TONY
40) 3) dialog: What's with him?
47) 0) text: Rachel's limousine is parked opposite the shop.    It's a decidedly downscale area. A little way  off, a   group of unemployed youths hang around, eyeing the limo   with interest. Henry sits  at the wheel. Tony  stands   by the open window, leaning against the car.
47) 3) dialog: Me too. 'Cept I'm not nervous 'cos I got you with me.
48) 7) text: You probably won't believe this, but I have a reputation for being a bitch. Frank says nothing. He gazes outside through the store- front window and sees Henry and Tony horsing around next to the limo. A few small boys stand around the car. One of them is climbing onto the hood. RACHEL
52) 0) text: Frank is showing Henry how to check the underside of the limo with an angled mirror on a stick. Both are crouched beside the vehicle. A noise makes them look up. Rachel, dressed to the nines and looking very sexy, emerges from the house with Spector and Devaney. Spector's carrying a videotape. Tony follows as they head for the car, where
53) 0) text: Frank rides beside Tony in the front seat. The RADIO PLAYS SOFTLY in the b.g. In back, Rachel, Spector and Devaney are drinking champagne. Tony burps, smiles at Frank.
53) 7) dialog: Fuckin' a. Spector whoops with uncontrolled delight from the back of the limo. Frank stares ahead in disbelief. The NOISE of the CROWD can be heard as they pull up front.
67) 6) dialog: I'll take care of this. He heads for the door.
67) 7) dialog: Just follow me. He turns and heads out to the sidewalk like a bull.
68) 0) text: Tony bursts out the front door and begins cutting a swath through the crowd. Rain beats down.
68) 1) dialog: Make way here. Outta the way! A burly street regular gets a shove from Tony and comes back hard. The  crowd immediately sides with him, yells encouragement.  But Tony is the better man and sends him sprawling. The  rest of the way to the curb opens up. At the parking area Tony discovers there is no limo and turns in bewilderment to Rachel. But she is not there. A couple of people laugh.
74) 0) text: Frank sits alone at a table in the huge kitchen, care- fully cutting and eating a peach.  The door at the other end of the room slams open and Tony stalks in, soaking wet. He has just made his way home  from the MAYAN and he is boiling. He sights on Frank and  moves toward him fast Frank just watches until Tony is almost upon him. As Tony reaches out to lift him by his shirt, Frank spins low out of his seat. Tony's legs are knocked out from under him. He lands hard on his back and finds himself looking up at Frank, who holds him down with the chair he was sitting on, like a lion tamer, a leg strut pressed against Tony's throat. Frank looks down at him question- ingly, as if to ask, "Had enough?" Tony scowls and nods. Frank lifts the chair away. Tony stands up and faces him. Frank turns away and Tony throws a punch at his head, barely catching him as Frank ducks and moves in under it. He hits Tony twice and throws him against a cabinet. Tony gets up slowly, looks around and grabs a carving knife from a hook on the wall. He holds it in front of him threateningly. Frank shakes his head. He's getting irritated. He picks up the knife he's been using on the peach and flips it in his hand so he's holding it by the blade. With the same fluid motion we've seen earlier, he throws it at Tony. It sticks in the wall an inch from Tony's ear. Tony does a slow take and then lowers his blade. Frank picks up his dirty dish and takes it to the sink. He glances at Tony.
104) 0) text: Tony sits in a chair watching TV, a drink in his hand, oblivious to all. The lifeguard shuts Rachel's door be- hind him and makes his way down to the party. He pauses at the head of the stairs, checking out the party, and grabs a glass of champagne from a passing waiter. Frank catches the movement; the two men briefly lock eyes. The lifeguard responds with a knowing smile.
114) 7) text: Please go now. Portman moves toward her as she opens the door, reaching for her arm. Then he sees, through the doorway, Tony standing in the hall talking to a woman. Tony looks up at the sound of the door and sees them both. Rachel slips quickly out of Portman's grip.
123) 0) text: Frank is almost at the door. We hear LAUGHTER. A key turns in the lock. Rachel and Tony come through the door in high spirits, their arms full of shopping bags and packages. Frank stops dead and    watches. Rachel glances at him an goes into the living    room. Tony looks at him meaning- fully and follows.     Frank reflects for a moment, then pulls the front door    closed, oh so gently.
124) 0) text: Rachel drops packages around and goes to the bar, pours herself a drink. Tony takes some packages to Rachel's bedroom.
183) 0) text: The limo is waiting in a line of limos to reach the red- carpeted entrance to The Pantages Theatre. Frank and Tony sit in front with Henry. In the back a spectacularly-gowned Rachel sits flanked by Devaney and Spector, both of whom, like Frank, are wearing tuxedos. ahead, they can all see the hubbub at the entrance: TV cameras, lights, photographers, arriving guests, two bleachers full of fans. The glare from the arc lights is almost blinding.
185) 0) text: It is large and has been fitted with a bar and buffet. Formally-dressed presenters and hosts mill about, laugh- ing and talking. Many greet Rachel. A TV monitor hangs from the ceiling in one corner. On it, the Academy Awards continue. An elaborate dance number is just concluding. The audience applauds. Beside the monitor, a large clock with a ticking second hand. A harried associate producer SKIP THOMAS, comes up to Rachel, settled in an armchair. Tony stands nearby, Frank leans against a far wall.
186) 3) text: Rachel nods, goes back to her conversation.       Frank s up to Tony.
186) 5) text: Tony nods, watches Frank go.
189) 0) text: Frank calls Tony on his SURV-KIT.
189) 2) dialog: (O.S.)
189) 5) dialog: (O.S.)
190) 2) dialog: Frank?... Frank? Technicians approach Tony, too.
191) 0) text: Frank walks past Tony. Tony holds up the earpiece in frustration. Frank nods. He walks over to Rachel. He seems tense and she senses it. And like a tangible thing, his anxiety is passed over to her. She is frightened.
192) 7) text: Watch your step going down. Someone spilled some water. Clive and Rachel climb the stairs. Rachel turns once more to look anxiously at Frank. She clutches the cross but he doesn't see. Frank watches them ascend. He signals Tony to stay there until Rachel goes on. Frank moves off toward the stage left wings. ON TV MONITOR - we see Reardon, acting as Master of Ceremonies, doing the introductions. REARDON (V.O.) (on screen)
199) 6) text: Christ, what an idiot I am. Jesus. What the hell's the matter with me? Frank moves up closer, and exchanges looks with Tony, who is confused by Rachel's behavior. Rachel turns toward Frank and, in so doing, brings the man comforting her around to face Frank. It is Reardon. RACHEL
199) 9) text: Thank you for your help, John. I'm fine. Rachel walks off toward the Green Room with Tony. Reardon starts to walk out toward the stage. Frank stops him. Reardon is irritated. FRANK
200) 14) dialog: What?
200) 16) dialog: You are an asshole.
203) 0) text: Frank comes up swiftly. He stops behind a curtain, six feet from the path the winner will take. Tony is there. Frank speaks to him and, as he does, he puts a hand on Tony's arm. They both look across the stage, past Winston into the wings on the other side.
203) 6) text: Tony trots off quickly.
204) 0) text: A mass of drapes and flats. Behind them, the cameraman is fixing something to the side of his camera. His back is to us. Tony comes up briskly behind him, unable to see his face.
204) 1) dialog: Hey! You! What the fuck you think you're doin' back here... With amazing speed, the cameraman - Portman - wheels around, simultaneously jabbing two outstretched fingers from his free hand straight into Tony's eyes. Tony cries out, his hands flying to his face. Portman's hand moves swiftly again, jabbing to a nerve behind Tony's ear, Tony drops like a sack. Glancing rapidly around, Portman sees all other eyes on the auditorium. He pulls the curtain around Tony's body - obscuring it. He then removes his own "SECURITY" ID and fixes a laminated "PRESS" ID to his lapel.
211) 0) text: A lumbering figure, blood streaming from one eye, his .38 drawn and outstretched. It's Tony staggering to the edge of the stage, straight towards his attacker.
211) 1) dialog: (bellowing)
212) 0) text: A buffed-out charter turboprop stands on the tarmac as the last pieces of equipment of Rachel's band are loaded aboard from a truck. A limousine pulls up and Rachel gets out with Tony and Court, who is clearly acting as her bodyguard. She greets some members of the band and others who will be part of her entourage. A roadie has her luggage removed from the limo and loaded aboard the plane. Devaney is trying to hurry her on board. Spector is conspicuous by his absence. As Rachel and the others prepare to get onto the plane, Tony, wearing a dark leather eyepatch, reacts to something O.S. Frank approaches from the nearby parking area. He is pale. Under his clothes it can be seen that his torso is still taped. He smiles as Tony. Their handshake becomes a quick abrazo.
212) 4) text: Under control. But it won't be the same... ya mutt. Tony fakes a glancing blow to Frank's chin. Over by the plane, Fletcher spots Frank and tugs at Rachel's dress, till she turns to look. Fletcher runs up to Frank and hugs him around the knees. Rachel approaches and Tony moves back toward the plane. Devaney waves in Frank's direction, tapping his watch to indicate they are late. Frank waves and smiles. Rachel's surprised to see Frank, but clearly happy. Fletcher is ecstatic. RACHEL