45) 0) text: TRACKING WITH COLEMAN--as he races down the alleyway, pus his way through a back gate and dashes up a short stairca two steps at a time. ON THE BACK DOOR--where his sister ERNESTINE, a light ski African American girl of fifteen is waiting for him. 47 48 49 48.
45) 2) dialog: (an urgent whisper) You're late!
46) 0) text: As Coleman pushes through the door, hands Ernestine his g bag.
46) 2) dialog: Walter's home on leave -!
47) 4) dialog: Hey, with the only four point o grade average, who else were they--
49) 0) text: A dreary spot. A knot of MOURNERS across from Mr. Silk's coffin. Mrs. Silk upright as always, her hair now tinged with GREY, a handkerchief to her mouth, holds Ernestine's hand. Ernestine's tears stream silently down... 51 52 52.
93) 0) text: Nathan and Ernestine are sitting in the lounge of a quain country inn. TIGHT ON THE HAND OF A WAITER--as he serves them tea.
93) 2) dialog: Milk. (then: ) That day Walter told Coleman never to contact mother again - he froze everything forever.
93) 4) dialog: All the Silk men from my father on down are very decisive, Mr. Zuckerman. Yes, she did. But I didn't. I'd phone Coleman on his birthday, things like that... I was trying to reach him two days ago, his seventieth birthday... the day after he was killed. (realizes) I must have spoken to one of my nephews- (she looks away for a moment then regaining her composure) I don't blame Walter; he was trying to spare my mother more heartache.
93) 6) dialog: When she died in the hospital, she was delirious. :
93) 10) dialog: Oh, yes. We're all a family of teachers, Mr. Zuckerman, imagine. Even Coleman's side of the family -I wish our parents had known that. And Walter was the first colored superintendant of schools in the state of New Jersey. (smiles) I guess you can tell what generation I am - I say "colored" and "Negro".
93) 13) dialog: Sounds like from what I've heard today that anything is possible nowadays. People are just getting dumber - but more opinionated. The year I retired, youngsters were telling me that for Black History Month they would only read a biography of a black BY a black. What kind of silly idea is "Black History Month" anyway? If you're going to study Charles Drew, you do him when you do "science", don't segregate him in "Black History Month", for heavens sake.
93) 18) dialog: Shame on you, Mr. Zuckerman. Dr. Charles Drew discovered how to prevent blood from clotting so it could be banked. Then he was injured in a car accident and the nearest hospital would not take colored, so he bled to death. Silence as Nathan contemplates this. She looks at him -
93) 19) dialog: (continuing) You know what's sad, Mr. Zuckerman? Nowadays it's impossible to imagine anyone doing what my brother felt he had to do then... constructing his whole life around a lie. He could have stopped that racism charge in its tracks - I wonder if that solution even occurred to him. Tell me something, Mr. Zuckerman. Did he ever acknowledge what he'd done? To anyone? CLOSE ON NATHAN--He is silent for a long beat.
93) 21) dialog: (a rueful smile) So he was Coleman until the end. Set out to do something and do it all the way. Even to the point of being buried as Jew. (sadly) Oh, Coleman... She stands; Nathan stands as well.
93) 22) dialog: (continuing) Well, It's been quite a day... THE CAMERA MOVES WITH THEM as they start towards the door
93) 24) dialog: Not unless he asks. 104.
93) 27) dialog: It was for Coleman to tell them; not me.
93) 29) dialog: No, you said, "You're Coleman's sister," and I admitted it. I'm not the one with something to hide.
93) 30) dialog: (continuing; she extends a hand) Thank you for your hospitality...
93) 32) dialog: Let me think about it... And she walks out the door.