42) 3) dialog: Everyone knows you're exploiting an abused illiterate woman half your age. REVERSE ON NELSON PRIMUS, Coleman's attorney, an amiable fellow in his thirties; he wears a suit that hints of Ral Lauren more than Brooks Brothers. Nelson rapidly rereads letter, mumbling the words together-
42) 4) dialog: "Evéryone knows you're exploiting an abused illiterate woman half your age." A grim smile as he sets aside the letter and looks O.S.:
42) 5) dialog: (continuing) Well, if this doesn't take the cake- CROSS-CUT TO COLEMAN--pacing back and forth in front of h attorney's desk.
42) 7) dialog: You don't say...
42) 11) dialog: Who?
42) 13) dialog: Why would she send you something like this?
42) 15) dialog: She'll just deny she ever -
42) 17) dialog: You're being hasty -
42) 19) dialog: Yes you are, same as when you resigned from the college, just as the whole "Spooks" thing was on the point of blowing over. I told you then -
42) 21) dialog: Coleman. Slow down. SIT. Reluctantly, Coleman obeys. Nelson studies him.
42) 22) dialog: (continuing) Listen to me, professor. Forget about the letter. You got bigger fish to fry. What are you going to do about Lester Farley?
42) 25) dialog: A restraining order. Have you any idea what you're getting into here, Coleman? What it looks like from the outside? (leaning back in his chair) After thirty-some years of academic distinction ina community you virtually created from scratch, suddenly you've gone off the deep end. You want me, to fight a legal war for you on two fronts - one of them with a phantom correspondent and the other with a psychotic who's been locked up twice in the mental ward at the VA hospital in Northampton, under real restraints, not legal ones. Before Coleman can get in a word -
42) 26) dialog: (continuing) Sure I can get a restraining order, but will that restrain him? I can get you a handwriting expert. I can get you a bulletproof vest. But what I can't provide is what you're never going to know as long as you're involved with this woman: a scandal-free, Farley-free life. Is she HIV negative, by the way? Did you have her tested, Coleman? Did you use a condom, Coleman? And if you don't use protection, does SHE? How do you know she doesn't want to use you to help make up for what she's lost? Do I represent you in the paternity suit, Coleman?
42) 28) dialog: But why do you have to? Give up the girl, Achilles. 43. 44
42) 33) dialog: (grins) I took your intro to European lit umpteen years ago as an undergrad. Never forgot your lectures on Homer. Achilles, listen to me: you have to give up the girl. Give her up and your troubles go away. I'm speaking as your friend as well as your attorney. Faunia Farley is not in your league and she's not from your world. Last night you got a good look at her world - Coleman, the fact is she ain't worth it. (a amiable smile) Achilles on Viagra - how much sense does that make anyway? Coleman looks up at him - he's pale with fury. But when h speaks, it is with deadly quiet -
42) 36) dialog: Listen, I was only -
42) 40) dialog: (to himself, perplexed) What the hell do you suppose he meant by, "lily white." WHAM! The SOUND of a PUNCH: landing -!