68) 6) dialog: His music mocks us, Pandora!
68) 8) dialog: Keep your amorous thoughts to yourself. His music is a threat to all vampires. We will let the covens dismember him at his concert.
68) 26) dialog: Yes. We've all felt her presence, even as she hides from us. (as others nod, acknowledging the truth of this) What does she want now?
68) 43) dialog: But perhaps she has come to kill Lestat and then will go back to her slumber. That is our only hope.
68) 50) text: Pandora and Armand nod their assent. The two groups face each other. Maharet gazes at their faces, spits out the words.
89) 29) dialog: Good!
89) 38) text: The valley fills with hundreds of burning "kites" floating like black ghosts. Khayman, Pandora and Armand gaze up at the sky.
93) 0) text: Mael leads Jesse down the hall. She stares ahead at what looks like statues standing in the shadows. Her eyes widen as the statues come to life: Armand, Pandora, Khayman, Marius are talking in hushed tones, gathered before Maharet's "Great Family Tree." CAMERA SWEEPS OVER the endless lines, the rows of names that stretch down the stone wall -- ACROSS the floor, filling room after room. The Ancients all stare, deeply moved. Maharet turns to them.
93) 12) dialog: If she dies, we all die.
99) 77) text: (NOTE: Scene as scripted here is quite different from what was analyzed in boards. Notable potential expense or savings indicated with brackets. []) But Lestat clamps down even harder.       Akasha thrashes trying to release herself. Maharet and Marius realize what he's doing, see the chance Lestat has gained for them. A silent signal passes between them as... The Ancients make an instantaneous decision. Akasha looks up, gasping, in time to see Maharet, Marius, Khayman, Armand, Mael, Pandora flying towards her. Akasha lets out a hiss... Most of the Ancients are thrown to the ground while Mael ignites in mid-air. Mael's skin bubbles. He screams, the veins in his face rise up and explode as if his blood were burning acid... Pandora too bursts into flames.       She falls to the gr But Lestat, strong with Akasha's blood, keeps his hold and Khayman, Armand, Marius, Maharet fly at her again. They swarm over Akasha. She rises into the air, thrashing about, but they hang on, forming a flying mass of flailing limbs. The THUMP of Akasha's HEART ACCELERATES as they try to drain her... Akasha turns on [Khayman to incinerate him. Flash. He screams as his blood boils, exploding out of his fingertips -- But he doesn't ignite... His wounds quickly heal. He moves in for another attack...]
99) 103) dialog: (a reverent whisper) She took Akasha's last drop, took Akasha's death into herself. Behold, our Queen... our new mother...