68) 3) dialog: You have been summoned because of your errant child... Khayman crosses to the edge, peers menacingly into the distance at Lestat's house.
68) 14) dialog: Marius, we understand your affection for Lestat, but your duty is to us!
68) 16) dialog: We could always get rid of him right now.
68) 48) text: Marius then goes and stands beside Maharet and Khayman. The others gaze at the three standing together now.
89) 38) text: The valley fills with hundreds of burning "kites" floating like black ghosts. Khayman, Pandora and Armand gaze up at the sky.
93) 0) text: Mael leads Jesse down the hall. She stares ahead at what looks like statues standing in the shadows. Her eyes widen as the statues come to life: Armand, Pandora, Khayman, Marius are talking in hushed tones, gathered before Maharet's "Great Family Tree." CAMERA SWEEPS OVER the endless lines, the rows of names that stretch down the stone wall -- ACROSS the floor, filling room after room. The Ancients all stare, deeply moved. Maharet turns to them.
93) 9) dialog: When she opens herself to give her blood, she is vulnerable.
93) 15) text: Maharet gazes at them, her mind working... Pandora, Khayman, Mael gaze at each other, still uncertain.
99) 33) text: Akasha scans the faces of the other Ancient Ones, staring deep into their souls. Akasha sees Khayman glance at the family tree. Akasha's eyes blaze with anger.
99) 77) text: (NOTE: Scene as scripted here is quite different from what was analyzed in boards. Notable potential expense or savings indicated with brackets. []) But Lestat clamps down even harder.       Akasha thrashes trying to release herself. Maharet and Marius realize what he's doing, see the chance Lestat has gained for them. A silent signal passes between them as... The Ancients make an instantaneous decision. Akasha looks up, gasping, in time to see Maharet, Marius, Khayman, Armand, Mael, Pandora flying towards her. Akasha lets out a hiss... Most of the Ancients are thrown to the ground while Mael ignites in mid-air. Mael's skin bubbles. He screams, the veins in his face rise up and explode as if his blood were burning acid... Pandora too bursts into flames.       She falls to the gr But Lestat, strong with Akasha's blood, keeps his hold and Khayman, Armand, Marius, Maharet fly at her again. They swarm over Akasha. She rises into the air, thrashing about, but they hang on, forming a flying mass of flailing limbs. The THUMP of Akasha's HEART ACCELERATES as they try to drain her... Akasha turns on [Khayman to incinerate him. Flash. He screams as his blood boils, exploding out of his fingertips -- But he doesn't ignite... His wounds quickly heal. He moves in for another attack...]
99) 88) dialog: (whisper) We survived!
99) 106) dialog: No, she will live forever. She sleeps. She sleeps, and dreams of us.