4) 9) text: Rising from his victim we see for the first time the revitalized face of this creature, a mane of blond hair frames the beautiful features of the VAMPIRE LESTAT -- his bulbous lips glistening red.
4) 10) dialog: Whether it was that first meal, the music, or the 100 years of rest, I'm not sure, but suddenly I was feeling better than ever. My appetite for living was voracious. My hearing so exact I could locate precisely the source of the music...
5) 0) text: In the street, Lestat emerges from the shadows in the dealer's snug-fitting leather outfit. He looks up at an extremely run-down flophouse...
5) 1) dialog: My old house.
6) 4) dialog: It was hard to believe these beings were mortal -- so confident in their skin. Everything in my body wanted to be with them. I couldn't help myself.
6) 7) text: Seeing Maudy's stunned face, Alex and James turn to see Lestat perched like a raven on top of the stack of speakers, eyes closed, still humming to the fading reverb of the guitars. Slowly opening his cool grey eyes --
6) 8) dialog: Please don't stop.
6) 10) dialog: The door, of course.
6) 11) text: James and Alex look at the door on the other side of the attic -- they should have seen him. Maudy stares at Lestat, quite taken by the handsome vampire's looks -- Drinking Maudy in with his eyes --
6) 12) dialog: Your music woke me from the longest sleep. It's sublime. In two hundred years I've never heard anything quite like it.
6) 17) dialog: The question provoked an irresistible urge...
6) 18) dialog: You may call me the vampire Lestat.
6) 20) dialog: It just rolled out of my mouth. With one simple sentence I had betrayed everything about my kind. Betrayed our code of secrecy.
6) 21) dialog: Your struggles are over.
6) 23) dialog: All that you've ever dreamed of will be yours.
6) 24) text: They spin around to see Lestat now right behind them, smiling.
6) 26) dialog: Your lucky day.
7) 0) text: FLYING ACROSS night skies, as the distinctive dark sound of SATAN'S NIGHT OUT KICKS IN to join Lestat's soaring voice.
7) 4) dialog: It was a bold move, I admit. But from that moment on, they were my friends, my children, my band. Together we rode on the wave of my preternatural ambition to superstardom, giving the world a new god... me.
8) 2) text: Girls press their breasts and necks up against the limousine. Thump! Thump! Fan after female fan flings herself on the car. Groupies scream with pure excitement. Confusion of screams as the door to the limo opens. The crowd's scream reaches a fever pitch as... James, Alex and Maudy climb out, ogle at the sight. ROGER SMYTHE, their business manager (40s), gets out next, hustling them through the crowd. A wave of hysteria hits the fans. Roger hustles the band through the crowd and up the stairs into the church, past the giant billboard with their own images written huge, Lestat's smiling face above them all and the announcement -- LESTAT -- LIVE &amp; UNDEAD -- OCTOBER 31, ALL HALLOW'S E DEATH VALLEY, U.S.A.
9) 5) text: He pushes a button and a black curtain slides open to reveal a huge monitor on the wall. Every eye is glued to the SCREEN... CRACKLE, CRACKLE. Nothing. Then suddenly, on the screen, a face in shadow appears... Lestat. His voice booms out over the crowd.
9) 6) dialog: Good evening. I'm so sorry I'm late. I was just having my... breakfast.
9) 14) dialog: Yes. But why hide it in this day and age? I've hidden in the shadows for centuries. It's time to share myself with the world.
9) 19) dialog: Our label isn't complaining, no.
9) 21) dialog: If you like, I'll give you a private demonstration in your hotel room tonight.
9) 22) text: The journalists laugh. The French Journalist looks a little frightened/fascinated by Lestat's leer.
9) 24) dialog: (smiles, giving away nothing) After calling one stone tomb home sweet home for so long, I like to experience as much diversity as I can. Wouldn't you?
9) 31) dialog: Maybe I'm trying to resurrect a few old friends with my words. Daring them to come out.
9) 33) dialog: (smiles) The casket...
10) 0) text: A man in a dark suit plays pool. Looking up over his dark glasses, his strange, luminescent, grey eyes stare up at Lestat on the TV scornfully.
10) 3) dialog: (grins) I don't like repeating myself.
10) 5) dialog: I imagine they are, yes.
10) 7) dialog: Yes, as a matter of fact, I do...
10) 8) text: Leaning forward, Lestat smiles at the TV camera.
11) 1) dialog: Come out, come out, wherever you are. CAMERA BOOMS DOWN to reveal... A group of dangerous-looking vampires dressed in various styles, staring stony-faced up at the screen, their eyes glowing strangely in the ultra-violet light. The pool player is in the b.g. Other vampires, dressed in black, e cold as ice, stare up at the TV.
11) 13) dialog: See you all in Death Valley.
11) 15) dialog: in the flesh.    REVEAL he is...
12) 0) text: All alone in his magnificent chateau. He sits in front of a video camera and monitor set up for the two-way remo feed. Lestat puts the remote down. Laughs out loud with the pure pleasure of it all. He stan crosses to huge doors. Opens them. Goes out to...
13) 0) text: Lestat walks across his lavish grounds, gazes up into the night. Staring up at the dark heavens, Lestat inhales like an emperor taking in his kingdom, stretches his arms out, st drinking in the adulation. Slowly, his grin fades... A melancholy look comes over Lestat.
13) 1) dialog: (quietly, to world) Come out, come out, whoever you are.
13) 2) text: As he lowers his arms, the CAMERA PULLS UP and OUT FROM Lestat, whirling into the dark night...
16) 2) text: Jesse sits up with a start. She stands, heart pounding, trying to shake the dream off. We see on a bulletin board behind her, a flyer for Lestat's concert. She takes off the headphones. Walking over to the mantel above her fireplace, she picks up a solitary, framed photo -- holds it tight...
21) 5) dialog: smiling, revealing his fangs. REVEAL we are...
22) 0) text: Lestat's face appears on a video screen in front of a roo lined from floor to ceiling with leather-bound books, anc scrolls. Subjects are marked, Werewolves, Poltergeists, Possession...
22) 2) text: Jesse, making a presentation, stands before an impressive and imposing group of 10 TALAMASCANS, wearing demure suits. Jesse is excited, a bit nervous, hoping to impress. She holds a remote which controls images appearing on the large video screen. Clips from Lestat's press conference continue. Jesse gazes out at the Talamascans.
22) 6) text: The Talamascans glance at each other, surprised. Shake their heads. A few laugh. They're not Lestat's usual audience.
24) 2) text: The figure steps from the shadows.    The Bouncer's face turns white. It's Lestat... The Bouncer starts to back way. The girl starts to scream. Lestat clamps his hand over the girl's mouth. To the girl...
24) 3) dialog: You.   In...
24) 4) text: He gestures to the club. The girl turns and runs for her life. As the Bouncer backs away, terrified, Lestat turns to him.
24) 8) dialog: (softly) You.   No.
24) 9) text: Lestat lunges like a phantom -- a flash of teeth -- as they FALL FROM FRAME, the distinct sound of BONE CRUSHING. Over this scene the BAND'S SONG rushes in.
25) 0) text: Lestat enters. Dabs his mouth politely with a white handkerchief, the sound of the BAND practicing from below.
26) 0) text: Lestat and his band rehearse one of their numbers, music and voice melding into a grand, almost operatic harmony.
27) 11) text: Shaking his head, Phil glances down at his vampire book. Looking back up he see Lestat now staring at him intensely while he sings.
28) 0) text: Lestat slides into a high "C" leaning into the microphone, catching his own reflection in the booth's window, and -- CRACK -- GLASS SPLINTERS. Roger jumps out of his skin, stifling a cry.
30) 2) dialog: Yes, I'd say I'm down with that.
30) 11) text: Unhooking their instruments, Alex and James start to pack up as Maudy slowly approaches Lestat and nuzzles his neck. He shivers with temptation. Her hand moves down the front of his pants. Lestat pulls her into his arms. Leaning into her neck he breathes in her scent, closes his eyes and... Suddenly opens them right at Roger who looks on, extremely perturbed. Smiling like the devil...
30) 12) dialog: Oh, the sweet song of her blood.
30) 14) dialog: I'll hear it in my head all night.
30) 16) dialog: Roger...
30) 18) dialog: I didn't know you were religious.
30) 19) text: Roger tries to laugh it off. Lestat sniffs the air. As Roger backs away, he turns to open the door, stumbles, cutting his hand on a fallen shard of glass. Blood trickles from the cut. Roger looks up at Lestat whose dark eyes stare intensely at Roger's blood. Roger quickly sticks his hand in his mouth. With a horrified expression, he realizes he's sucking his blood. He quickly heads out. But Lestat is faster and reaches into Roger's shirt pocket. Pulls out a clove of garlic. shakes his head with a smile.
30) 20) dialog: Roger...
30) 24) dialog: Be careful, Roger.   Very careful.
30) 25) text: Lestat walks away.    Roger exhales with relief.
32) 0) text: Jesse sits on the floor, curtains drawn, the room lit with candles. A LESTAT SONG plays in the b.g. She opens the journal.
32) 6) dialog: It was the winter of 1788 and I was brought to a Mediterranean Island by the man who made me...
32) 8) dialog: ... if a man is what you'd call him.
33) 0) text: A great round room encircled with candles, their reflections flickering in the great glass windows braving back the outside STORM. A huge antique bed sits in the room's center, and on it... Lestat lays feverish and fitful, dressed in a soft linen nightshirt. His neck wears a swollen bite. Another flash of lightning suddenly jolts him awake. His hands feel the inflamed wound as he sees... An indistinct shape of a man dressed in draping red velvet, sitting asleep in a chair across the room. An easel stands before him, holding an unseen painting. Lestat rises out of the bed and grabs his clothes from a nearby Louis IV chair. He makes for a door when... Lestat suddenly stops. He looks back to see the painting that stands on the easel. It's a portrait of himself in ancient Roman garb, like the god Mars, complete with his blond hair and fiery blue eyes. Unable to help himself, he approaches the painting, completely fascinated by his own image, when suddenly... The sleeping man leaps up, grabs   Lestat unmercifully an again plunges his teeth into the   young man's neck. Lestat fights as best he can but   his strength is no mat as he's slowly drawn down to the   floor. Finally... The strange man lifts himself up from Lestat's neck to reveal the face of the vampire MARIUS, the mysterious figure. Wiping his blooded mouth on his painter's cloth --
33) 2) text: Weakened and helpless, Lestat drags himself back across the floor in terror.
33) 6) dialog: Who are you? Do I know you?
33) 10) text: As Lestat keeps weakly dragging himself away.
33) 11) dialog: I'm the lord of a great manor. They'll send an army of men to look for me.
33) 13) text: His strength leaving him, Lestat slumps flat on the floor.
33) 15) dialog: I'll kill you!
33) 18) text: Lestat stares at him, his eyes wide.
33) 19) dialog: Chose me? For what?
33) 21) text: Bending down, he gazes at Lestat.
33) 26) dialog: (near tears) I'm dying.
33) 27) text: Suddenly Marius draws a knife from a Roman sheath on his belt. With the last of his strength, Lestat grabs his attacker's wrist.
33) 29) text: Guiding Lestat's hand with the knife, Marius smiles and cuts his own arm, opening his veins. Lestat stares in true terror as Marius lets his blood drip onto Lestat's lip. Lestat pulls away as the blood slides into his mouth...
33) 31) text: And indeed... it does taste good. That's the new terror that's gripping him. He crosses himself and stares up into Marius's gentle eyes. Marius bends down, cups Lestat's chin.
33) 33) text: Marius brings his open vein to Lestat's lips. Lestat hesitates, but then suddenly... Feeds hungrily as Marius's face fills with the bond. He slowly sinks down to his knees as Lestat feeds and feeds. As Lestat drinks, a barrage of IMAGES flood into him...
33) 37) text: Lestat's body grows stronger, his back arching up as he draws the "life" into him with full force, as... Marius begins to weaken, himself.
33) 42) text: But Lestat keeps on feeding hungrily.
33) 44) text: With one great move, Marius pulls Lestat off his arm and tosses him across the floor twenty feet away. Marius reels back, clamping his open vein with his hand as Lestat curls on the ground, gasping ecstatically from the rush. Slowly, Lestat starts to feel something. Pain begins travelling through his body, consuming him until he screams. Marius crosses to Lestat convulsing on the floor. He kneels and gently wipes his brow. Lestat's body thrashes as he grabs at his own limbs...
33) 46) text: Wiping his brow as he dies... Then, Lestat's face still buried in his arms, he begins to laugh almost drunkenly. Raising his head, his metamorphosis is clear as his face pales and his eyes fill with a new kind of power.
33) 47) dialog: More!
33) 48) text: Lestat smiles with red glistening lips.     A beat on Mar as he slowly smiles, too.
34) 1) dialog: I impressed my maker with my thirst for things. He set out to educate me in the unknown. Taught me all about the world, its hidden history... and about myself.
34) 2) text: TILT DOWN to reveal an old fisherman who cries out as Lestat bites into his throat. Marius watches as the fisherman's body relaxes. He pulls Lestat away.
34) 9) text: Marius feels Lestat's gaze, turns to him.
34) 11) text: As Lestat watches the water begin to fill the bottom of the boat...
34) 12) dialog: Humanity? (snort) We're murderers.
35) 0) text: Below the brightest of summer night skies, Lestat and Marius walk along, talking intensely. The ocean appears to shimmer in the faint light of stars. In the distance, several bonfires burn on the sand, dancing figures gathered around.
35) 4) dialog: My senses run amok, like a newborn child. And as for my new powers, I was beside myself with the pleasure of it all...
35) 6) text: Lestat gazes at Marius's eyes dancing with intellectual fervor. As they walk, they pass a group of teenagers, just younger than Lestat, at a bonfire, dancing, laughing Lestat gazes over at them as he and Marius pass, hidden in shadow.
35) 8) text: Lestat nods, taking it in. They pass another bonfire. MUSIC floats through the night. An OLDER MAN, 50, plays balalaika while his daughter, 18, plays violin with great passion.
35) 10) text: Marius stops talking, turns. Lestat is no longer beside him. Marius turns back and sees Lestat standing in the shadows, listening to the music. The young woman, sensing something, turns towards Lestat in the shadows as she plays. Marius goes to Lestat, pulls him farther into the shadows.
35) 15) dialog: But why must we hide, Marius? We are the powerful, we are the immortal. We should walk fearless in the open!
35) 17) dialog: (gazing at violin player as it sinks in) So I could never know her?
35) 19) dialog: (beat, quietly, intensely) So I can never be known?
35) 21) text: Lestat's eyes fill with some existential realization.
35) 22) dialog: My God...
35) 24) text: Relenting, Lestat starts to follow. But the music quickens. Lestat pauses, turns back. As if the music is calling to him. The girl still faces into the shadows towards him, and plays fast and wild, her fingers flying. Lestat stands there frozen to the spot. The music pulses through him. He gazes at her fingers, studying their intricate movements intensely...
35) 31) text: Lestat turns to Marius, shaking his head no in horror.
35) 33) text: Lestat hesitates, then runs after the girl. She turns back, sees him getting closer, starts to scream... Lestat is suddenly in front of her with his hand over her mouth, covering her muffled scream.   Her struggle is no use against his strength. Reaching up to her neck, he touches it. He looks into her terrified eyes...
36) 0) text: Marius kneels over the body of the Father on the island's deserted shoreline. Tosses him in a boat. Lestat gazes at the lifeless body of the girl. Marius turns to Lestat, furious.
36) 4) text: I see you still have a few lingering mortal emotions. They will serve you no good, Lestat. Lestat turns to Marius, shaking his head, speaks in a horrified whisper...
36) 5) dialog: My God, what have you done to me? Lestat turns again toward the bodies of the dead girl and her Father, his face filled with pain, enormous sadness.
36) 6) dialog: (whisper)
36) 8) dialog: closes his eyes.   A violent VIOLIN STRAIN as we PULL BAC to see... Lestat standing alone in the bedroom, in a deep reverie, playing the girl's violin with incredible passion. His playing picks up speed as he works himself into a Pagnani furor...
36) 12) dialog: The faces of my victims haunted me, rising behind my eyes, reminding me of my fate... I played for days trying to expel the last bit of my human feelings... and face the cold, dark wasteland of eternity...
36) 13) text: The violin dissolves into Lestat's ROCK MUSIC.
40) 0) text: The music is part blues, part Kurt Weil, part Gothic, dark and ominous as if the pianist knew exactly the sort of trouble Jesse was in. The bar is comprised of elaborately-carved Chinese dragons, a TV mounted incongruously in the corner showing a silent Vampire Lestat video. Couples dance cheek to cheek, rotating like figures on a music box. Another couple is necking hot and heavy in the corner. Jesse stares at the patrons of this vampire coven. Many of the faces are unnaturally pale, gaunt. Their eyes shine with a strange, reflective light. Jesse moves through the tables, passing a mortal YUPPIE-TYPE sitting with a VAMPIRE GIRL he's obviously just met that night.
40) 47) text: The Punk Vampires pause, staring at her, as her words sink in. The hooded figure leans forward revealing his face... It is Lestat. He stares at Jesse, amazed. Jesse glances desperately at the door. It's just a few feet away now.
40) 54) text: He bares his fangs. Jesse bolts out the door... PAN ACROSS vampire faces staring after Jesse TO Lestat who gazes at her, absolutely entranced. He watches the Punk Vampires head after Jesse.
41) 2) text: He runs his hand up and down her body. Jesse starts to shake. She breaks out in a cold sweat. The others grin. He picks her up by the throat. Her legs flail in the air... Suddenly, the two vampires turn and hiss like cats. Jesse hits the flagstones hard with a grunt. She gasps for air, looks up as the vampires are hurled out of the alley by an invisible force. Jesse alone, turns, still woozy. Finds herself staring at... Lestat... Jesse's eyes open wide, entirely stunned. He drinks her in with his eyes, marking the soft paleness of her skin, her long, red hair, the flush on her cheeks, her pulsing jugular.
41) 7) dialog: Perhaps... So you know Marius...
41) 8) text: Jesse notices her rucksack cast aside by the Punk Vampires -- Lestat's journal sticks out. She glances at Lestat. He mustn't see it. She steps away, tries to distract him.
41) 11) dialog: Not how to stay alive apparently.
41) 13) dialog: (a beat, surprised at her brazenness) Well, I can fix that.
41) 14) text: He circles her. Jesse is shaking, terrified. Enjoying the game, Lestat smiles, moves closer. But Jesse suddenly blurts out.
41) 16) text: That stops Lestat. He gazes at Jesse, surprised. Recovers his composure. Stares at her intensely, regarding her anew.
41) 17) dialog: Is it? And what else do you think you know?
41) 22) dialog: (staring into her eyes, probing) Am I?   Tell me all about it.
41) 24) text: As she speaks, Lestat guides Jesse over to a pile of crates. She stares at some beer bottles shattered on the top of one. He guides her hand downward, closer to the shattered glass.
41) 25) dialog: Is that so?   What I do is art, is it?
41) 27) text: He stares at her, the words oddly familiar, then scrapes her finger along the bits of broken glass, gravel. She gasps with pain... Lestat gazes at the drops of blood that appear, glistening on Jesse's finger...
41) 28) dialog: (softly) Something beautiful...
41) 33) dialog: Well, I'm not hiding now, am I?
41) 36) dialog: (with her blood on his lips, shakes his head) Ah.    Poor, poor me...
41) 37) text: As he brings her finger closer and closer to his mouth. Their eyes bore into each other, he stares at her rosy cheeks, the cold sweat on her forehead, taking in her remarkable, if foolhardy daring. Her eyes gazing straight into his... He brings her bleeding finger into his mouth.       She m swoon. Lestat's eyes burn as he tastes her for mortality, her fragility a brief second, listening to her blood. there's something there that surprises him as he gazes at this mortal girl. He feels something. Desire... Then her blood speaks to him as Lestat's eyes fall on her rucksack. He sees the journal. It all falls into place. Lestat's lip curls in anger. He shoves Jesse away. Wipes his mouth. The mood suddenly changes.
41) 38) dialog: Well, Talamascan, you're certainly a very clever librarian, aren't you?
41) 43) dialog: (shaking his head) How sad, you people always trying to know the unknowable... So, was it a good read? My diary.
41) 45) dialog: Talamasca's been following me for years. I've never known one to be so brave. Or is it just foolish?
41) 48) dialog: Go. I'm through with you. Your kind never satisfies my thirst.
41) 55) text: Suddenly Lestat spins. Stares at the fragile mortal girl risking everything. Flash. Jesse gasps. He now stands right before her. He grabs her, pulls her to him close, tight, hard. He could just snap her neck and be done with it.
41) 59) dialog: You better just stick to your books, Talamascan. 'Cause you have it all wrong. I love all this. I delight in it. The dark, dreary world I went to sleep in has burnt itself out and been replaced by the 20th Century -- can you imagine my joy at waking up to discover such a world? It has outdistanced my wildest dreams of it. I scream of good and evil, and mortals stand and cheer. I adore being back in action... every moment, every single drop of it! Now consider yourself exceedingly lucky and go!
41) 64) dialog: (amazed) What?
41) 66) text: A beat, then Lestat shakes his head, laughs at the absurdity of what she's saying. But Jesse is undaunted.
42) 2) text: She stands there a moment, happy, amazed to be alive. Then it sinks in. She realizes -- Lestat let her go. She glances back at the alley, but Lestat is gone. She brings her finger to her mouth, slowly sticks it in, tastes her own blood, shivers with fear -- and something else -- desire. What she doesn't see is... Lestat in the shadows, silently watching her. He gazes at her youth, her bright eyes, her daring, her mortal passion. She has affected him. He watches as she turns and runs away.
44) 0) text: Lestat enters the bedroom. Behind him, Lestat's dressing room stretches off into the distance, rows of beautiful suits made from the finest wools and silks. The gradation of colors is spectacular. Peering out at the near-dawn light, a look of loneliness clouds his face. He crosses to the closet. Opens a panel to reveal a safe. Stares at it a moment. Punches in the code. It swings open to reveal something wrapped carefully in black velvet. Lestat unwraps it delicately. It's the ancient violin.
44) 1) dialog: (softly) Clever, clever librarian.
44) 2) text: He quickly puts the violin back, closes the safe door. He shakes his head, tries to laugh it off. But a shadow remains on his face. Lestat hears a gasp. Turns. Roger has just entered.
44) 4) dialog: No, Roger, you wouldn't have.
44) 6) dialog: Yes.   For the moment.
44) 11) dialog: Well... I wouldn't unpack if I were you.
44) 13) dialog: Ah.   Yes.
44) 14) text: Lestat gazes at the door, pensive.
44) 16) text: Lestat smiles at the clumsy attempt to protect the girls.
44) 17) dialog: No, thank you, Roger. I'll make sure they're taken care of.
44) 18) text: Roger nods, trying to hide his nervousness.      Lestat smiles...
45) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES OUT INTO the lavish room TOWARD the two girls who are now dreamy, floating with the effect of the joint they are smoking. REVEAL Lestat as he approaches the girls. Looking up, they smile childishly at their host, then fall about laughing.
45) 1) dialog: I don't think we've met.
45) 4) dialog: Of course you do.
45) 10) text: Lestat calmly shakes his head.
45) 14) dialog: I'm always hungry.
45) 16) dialog: Vampires don't eat... food.
45) 17) text: The girls laugh nervously.       Lestat laughs dangerousl
45) 20) dialog: Mine eyes dazzle, she died so young.
45) 22) dialog: It's a very old poem of mine.
45) 23) text: Losing enthusiasm, Lestat walks away and drops himself onto a couch. With a clap of his hands, the TV switches ON. He silently watches one of his video clips. The girls glance at each other, then, giggling, crawl over toward Lestat. Groupie #1 slides her hand slowly up his leg.
45) 28) dialog: Don't do that.
45) 30) dialog: (deadpan) I'm very ticklish.
45) 33) text: And at once they both start after Lestat on all fours to tickle him. He gazes at them, torn, then laughs at the sight and gets down on... All fours as well as he leads them around the room in a childish game.
45) 34) dialog: I don't know.     Let's see.
45) 35) text: They try to tickle him but he stays just a few feet ahead them the whole time. The girls giggle as they pursue... Lestat crawling just   ahead of them across the floor and... Up the wall.    The teenagers keep giggling as the watch him ascend the   wall like a spider. They can't believe what they're   seeing as... Lestat reaches the wall's top and now crawls upside-down across the ceiling. The girls begin to giggle and half-cr as they arch their necks all the way back to see... Lestat crawling down the opposite wall. The girls sit open-mouthed with terror as Lestat reaches the ground -- He heads straight for them. The girls begin to scream... SCREAMS CONTINUE OVER... BLACKNESS.
48) 0) text: Jesse puts on headphones, listens to LESTAT'S MUSIC.   As she opens the journal, LESTAT'S MUSIC DISSOLVES INTO VIOLIN...
48) 2) dialog: Yes, Marius was impressed with my thirst for knowledge... But it turned out that there was such a thing as knowing too much. There were things Marius was not yet ready to teach me... and Marius and I parted ways. Suddenly, the bow flies out of his hand and slides across the floor, jamming itself under an old bookcase. Lestat comes out of his spell, walks across the room to the bookcase, bends down to cleave the bow out from under it. Having difficulty, he pushes back an old rug on the floor when he sees something... Carved into one of the floorboards is an Egyptian eye with a hole dug out of its iris. Stepping aside, he realizes he is standing on a manhole. A beat ON Lestat as he thinks... Poking his finger through the hole of the Egyptian eye, he lifts the manhole to reveal a steep set of steps leading down into the villa's basement.
48) 3) dialog: Marius! No answer. Lestat looks around wondering what to do. Taking a candelabra off the table, he ventures down the stairs, peering down into the darkness.
49) 0) text: Lestat negotiates a circling flight of stone steps, winding its way into the lowest bowels of the villa, still carrying his violin.
50) 0) text: Lestat finds himself facing a steeply descending passageway that stretches into darkness. He tests the stones ahead of him with caution... Suddenly, the sconces along the passageway come to life... In quick succession, they flare up and burn with an unnatural intensity. Lestat, struck with curiosity and wonder, puts down his candelabra and ventures forth. We FOLLOW Lestat as he rounds the corner and stops. There is an open foyer area leading to two great wooden doors, held firm by a tree-sized carved wooden bolt that bars the doors shut from the outside. Suddenly, the BOLT flies up and SPLINTERS with a SHRIEKING CRACK. The doors fly open revealing a bright light from within... Lestat, apprehensive, continues towards the open doorway.
51) 0) text: Lestat enters, squinting through the bright light from scores of burning sconces. At the far end of the sanctuary Lestat makes out the shape of two statues, an Egyptian man and an Egyptian woman sitting stone still, seemingly staring straight at him, AKASHA and her King, ENKIL. We recognize Akasha from the sketches in Talbot's office. Stepping closer, they appear not to be statues at all but rather alabaster humans with the palest skin imaginable. His eyes widen at the sight of their clothes -- the most valuable Egyptian finery; bracelets of gold, headdresses of incredible gems, clothes of silk. Staring up into their faces, Lestat is struck with the realization...
51) 1) dialog: They're... alive. Lestat is drawn to the woman -- her form and beauty is exquisite even in its absolute stillness. As if this statue had just asked him to play, Lestat holds out his violin.
51) 2) dialog: Would you like me to play for you?
53) 0) text: Lestat lays in bed, feverish, his skin paler than ever. At the foot of the bed stands Marius.
53) 2) text: Lestat? The young vampire's eyes bulge open in the grip of some incredible sensation, smiling the most wicked of smiles. Lestat's chest heaves upward, pulling his body with it, only to be jerked back by the manacles that hold him to the bed.
53) 3) dialog: More!
53) 5) dialog: Let me go!
53) 7) dialog: God, her blood is like liquid fire. (squirms)
53) 13) dialog: Release me!
53) 14) text: Lestat struggles with all his might. One of his manacles splits, releasing a leg. Marius stares, surprised.
53) 16) text: Lestat still struggles.       The manacles strain.
53) 17) dialog: Marius, please, just one more time. I felt the sun. The light, Marius, the light!
53) 18) text: Suddenly pressing the knife to Lestat's throat --
53) 20) text: Lestat stares up at him.
53) 22) text: Lestat gazes up at him, taking it in.       Marius moves slowly away.
53) 27) text: Lestat roars and struggles against his manacles.
53) 28) dialog: You'll not stop me...
53) 31) dialog: Until tonight. And she chose me! Me! Never you! You'll not stop me!
53) 32) text: Marius moves at super-speed, grabs Lestat by the neck, and pins him down.
53) 34) dialog: (snarls) I must have more!
53) 35) text: Lestat, lost, looks at Marius, his eyes intoxicated with Akasha's blood. Marius steps back. Looks at his fledgling with great sadness, anger, disappointment.
53) 37) text: Marius turns his back on Lestat.     Lestat stares after him.
54) 0) text: THROUGH the balcony we see the last warm colors of the sunset vanish into the blue of night. Lestat awakens, his manacles removed. He stretches, shakes his head, as if clearing his head, but something causes him to stop... Something has changed. Marius's paints have gone. Some of his paintings remain, but his easel and paint boxes are removed, leaving splattered outlines on the faded marble floor.
54) 1) dialog: Marius! No response.
55) 0) text: Lestat runs down the staircase, which is dark except for the candelabra in his hand.
56) 0) text: Lestat throws open the doors and enters to find... Akasha and Enkil have been taken, as have the thrones and most of the royal paraphernalia.
56) 1) dialog: Marius!    Please!
57) 0) text: Lestat runs down the beach, the sand showing no footprints.
57) 1) dialog: Many times since, I have called to Marius. I howled into the night in loneliness and pain. Lestat screams into the darkness, filled with despair, grief. He disappears off into the night.
57) 2) dialog: But there was no answer -- just the endless procession of days, months, years... My teacher left me to my darkest lesson -- that in the end, we are alone. Lestat looks up from feeding on a mortal. Wipes the blood from his mouth, gazes into the dark night.
58) 0) text: Jesse closes the journal, her eyes wide with the new knowledge of Lestat's past. She sits there a moment, speechless, then stares out at the vast, black night.
61) 0) text: Lestat suddenly glides through an open door and calmly touches ground. He empties his pockets out on a coffee table. We see a --
61) 6) dialog: I hate bedtime.
62) 1) dialog: bolts up   and looks around the room to see... nobody. Lestat's   instincts are as alive as they could ever be a he scans   the room with all his powers, and to his utter surprise   finally sees...
62) 2) text: A painting leans against a wall, turned front-side-over. Lestat gets out of his coffin and goes over to the painting with trepidation. He turns it over and then smiles to himself. It is a portrait of Lestat as a rocker. The hand and style are unmistakable.
62) 3) dialog: (whisper) Marius...!
63) 0) text: Lestat bursts out the doors of his bedroom and looks down into the living room. Marius sits on a couch, still dressed in red velvet, studying the Rolling Stone with Lestat on the cover.
63) 6) dialog: And you. Still wearing the old fashions, I see.
63) 8) dialog: How did you manage to slip through the 1950s in red velvet?
63) 10) dialog: Don't think you missed much.
63) 12) dialog: Elvis, yes.
63) 14) dialog: I'd say a few pounds lighter. Though, if you ever catch me wearing a white jumpsuit, you have my permission to slice off my head.
63) 16) text: Lestat grins, feeling Marius's disapproval.
63) 17) dialog: Live and let live.
63) 22) dialog: (a beat) How did you find me?
63) 24) text: Lestat doesn't want to hear it.
63) 25) dialog: Come, let me show you what it means to live in the light.
64) 0) text: Lestat and Marius sit perched on a giant billboard advertising Lestat's concert. Down below, Sunset Strip is filled with Goths, club hoppers, HONKING CARS, a traffic jam.
64) 2) dialog: Out there. My fans. Thousands and thousands. They worship me. Millions of arms reach out to embrace, beg me to come into their lives.
64) 4) dialog: With all my black little heart.
64) 9) dialog: I only have myself.
64) 11) dialog: What's that supposed to mean?
64) 13) text: Lestat looks at Marius, trying to understand.
64) 15) text: Marius becomes eerily still. A deep, somber TONE starts to VIBRATE. The GROUND RUMBLES. Lestat taken aback, remembers the scope of Marius's power. Lestat stares at Marius, then closes his eyes...
64) 19) text: Lestat stares at Marius, letting the knowledge sink in. Then he grins.
64) 20) dialog: Good! I'm glad she's risen!     Let her come.
64) 25) dialog: (shakes his head at Marius) 200 years and the same broken record.
64) 27) dialog: (smiles at Marius, softly) Well then, it's every vampire for himself. Just the kind of rules I like. The rules you taught me.
64) 28) text: Marius is enraged, tries to control himself.      Lestat gazes at him, speaks steadily.
64) 29) dialog: Do you remember your first words to me, Marius? 'I am unknowable.' (shakes his head) I'd rather not exist at all than have to live eternally as a ghost.
64) 31) dialog: (moving away) Such reverence for mortals! Then you should have left me as one!
64) 33) dialog: (shakes his head with a dark laugh) Said the vampire to his son.
64) 34) text: Lestat turns, leaps off the billboard, disappearing into the black night. Marius stands alone.
68) 0) text: Marius stands in the hills by the Hollywood sign, gazing down, his brow furrowed, at Lestat's fortress-like mansion hidden in the canyon below. The WIND BLOWS the trees, bushes. Marius turns, uneasy, sensing something, peers into the shadows cast by the brightly-lit sign. Marius stares as a figure emerges from the shadows. It is Mael, a vampire, his face hidden in a cloak.
68) 15) text: He gazes again down at Lestat's house with a threatening glance. Turns to Marius with a look of warning.
68) 55) text: As we REMAIN ON the Ancient Ones, AKASHA'S HEARTBEAT creeps back in over... Marius gazes again down at Lestat's house, anguish on his face.
71) 0) text: LOUD, intense MUSIC as the band rehearses. Lestat creates a fantastic melody around the beat. He lets the note trail off, eyes closed, smiling, the REVERB still RINGING in the room. Lestat hears something, turns. Outside, in the Hollywood Hills, DOGS are HOWLING across the canyons like wolves. Lestat crosses to the huge glass doors, goes outside...
72) 0) text: Lestat stares out at the ominous night. As Maudy and the band continue to play, the wolflike HOWLS in the night get LOUDER. And beneath it all, a DEEP PULSE BEATS. The song comes to an end. Lestat turns, gazes back at the band THROUGH the window, at their excitement. He comes back inside.
73) 2) dialog: Ah.   Yes. Lestat gazes in that direction, pensive.
73) 4) dialog: No, thank you, Roger.   We'll entertain ourselves. As Roger leads Lestat to the guest room, he can hear FAINT GIGGLING. Lestat turns back to the night. The PULSE of Akasha still ECHOES in his ears.
74) 0) text: Roger and Lestat walk in.   A young GROUPIE giggles nervously.
74) 2) dialog: Perhaps you would like a tour of the place... first.
74) 7) dialog: Roger... would you be so kind?
74) 9) text: As they start off, Lestat puts up his hand, points to Jesse.
74) 10) dialog: Roger. Not that one.   Leave her to me...
74) 11) text: The other groupie pouts, disappointed. She goes out with Roger. Lestat turns to Jesse... considers her...
74) 12) dialog: You must be very keen to die.
74) 14) dialog: The Talamascans have become quite stealthy. I didn't know infiltration was quite their style.
74) 17) dialog: How did you find me?
74) 19) dialog: Clever librarian... You should know, based on all your research, that groupies don't ever find their way out of here again.
74) 24) text: Lestat gazes at Jesse's pulsing jugular.      He steps closer.
74) 25) dialog: Then why are you following me? What do you want?
74) 27) dialog: (smiles, in a whisper playing    with her) Last wishes. What's yours?
74) 30) dialog: (turning away) I don't have time for this.
74) 32) dialog: Maybe not.
74) 41) dialog: You don't know what you're asking! I don't know what's in that librarian's head of yours, but it's not what you think.
74) 43) dialog: I'll know when I kill you.
74) 54) dialog: (softly) Are we? I seek the light.     You seek the shadows.
74) 57) dialog: Alright!
74) 59) dialog: This may be painful for a mortal. You're still attached to your skin.
74) 61) dialog: Close your eyes.    Don't breathe.
75) 2) dialog: And now for my next trick. Lestat pulls out a knife, quickly slices his arm open. Jesse gazes at his blood dripping down his arm, something stirring in her. Magically, the wound heals up. She stares, impressed.
75) 4) dialog: Yes. For just a moment. But as the pain is more intense for us, so is ecstacy. (gazes at her)
75) 7) dialog: No, although the taste is so rich and sweet. Love is the essence of the dark gift. The connection is so much more satisfying, brief as it is, than anything else.
75) 11) dialog: As you drink, you feel the heart weakening... it struggles even though there's no hope. You feel the life slipping away, the flash of those brief years. The taste of mortality you can no longer experience... and it is beautiful... (pulls away sharply) No 'relationship,' no commingling can ever reach the heights of that experience.
75) 12) text: But Jesse steps forward.       Lestat turns, stares at he Her eyes burn with an urge that will not be silenced. One button at a time, her fingers quivering, she opens her blouse down to her navel. Lestat stares as Jesse removes a long, silver hairpin from the mane of her red locks which then cascade about her shoulders. Her face remains aimed unwavering at Lestat's as she brings the hairpin down to her breast. With her eyes moored to his, she draws a line with the point across her breast. She inhales through clenched teeth... then settles as we see: The long incision go from pink to red; then the blood, like a hot spring pouring over the brim and dripping down her chest. Lestat staggers. Breaking their stare, he accepts her gift, lapping up the overspill and then onto the wound itself. Lestat closes her eyes... He comes up to her face, brushing his lips against her cheek. She shivers...
75) 13) dialog: (groans) Your blood...
75) 18) dialog: (losing himself) Yes...
75) 21) dialog: He can't help himself.    He moves to Jesse's white neck. closer... closer...
75) 23) text: But suddenly her words catch him... His head flails as he tries to stop his natural impulse. Lestat lets out a desperate cry and throws her aside. Jesse gazes at him, surprised. He looms over her, angry.
75) 24) dialog: You want to know everything. You want to see what it's like. Then come! I'll show you.
76) 0) text: Lestat and Jesse quietly move among the trees. Lestat stops on a dime -- senses tuned. He looks into the dark. Jesse is about to speak when Lestat raises his finger to her lips and then points at... A couple of lovers moving across the meadow. They sit on a park bench. The woman giggles drunkenly. Jesse watches and gasps as she realizes the male lover is a vampire. Lestat moves forward. Jesse gingerly follows. Taking his lover in his arms the vampire begins to bite her neck... Lestat looks over at Jesse who watches, fascinated and disturbed. The vampire senses another's presence -- stops and turns to reveal his vampire eyes shining in the dark. Lestat steps into the halo of a street lamp and hisses. Sensing Lestat's power, the vampire hisses and instantly -- the vampire is gone. Jesse turns to Lestat but he has disappeared, too. Spinning around again she sees... Lestat hovering over the mortal woman who is still in a swoon. Checking to see that the vampire is gone, Jesse moves closer to the bench.
76) 5) text: Lestat looks up to face her, revealing his blood-stained lips. Jesse reflexively looks away.
76) 6) dialog: Come closer, Jesse. You want to see? You want to know?
76) 8) text: Lestat's expression turns cold as ice -- he arches his back like a great cat and goes in for the kill. The woman's body convulses... Jesse watches in horror as... the woman's hands clutch at Lestat, her back stiffens... finally her legs relax in an obscene parody of orgasm. Jesse gasps, backs away. Lestat finishes and, wiping his mouth, approaches Jesse.
76) 9) dialog: You see now? Are you ready?     Now do you want it?!
76) 11) dialog: No.   Of course you don't.
76) 13) dialog: Well I didn't grant your final wish. (shakes his head) It was an impossible wish to begin with. You see, I am unknowable.
76) 16) text: Lestat turns toward her suddenly, grabs her forcefully, pulls her into his arms, gazes into her eyes.
76) 17) dialog: Good-bye, Talamascan.
78) 0) text: Lestat stands by his bed, playing the ancient violin... a long mournful note. He stops a moment, lost in his thoughts. A flash of the first morning light reflects off the ancient wood. Lestat puts the violin away. A tear of blood trickles down his cheek. His face is filled with sadness at what will never be. A word escapes from his lips.
78) 1) dialog: (whisper)
78) 2) text: Jesse. Lestat draws the curtains and enters his sanctum where his coffin sits in the safety of darkness.
83) 4) text: Jesse peers past the driver to a crowd of Goths and fake vampires. THE VAMPIRE LESTAT BLARES FROM the SPEAKERS.
87) 0) text: Lestat stretches out with his eyes closed as the sounds of the DRUMMING crowd begin to make the whole van shudder. Roger pops his head in.
88) 0) text: Lestat emerges from his honey-wagon, splendid in his concert costume. He looks ready for business, whatever may happen. The band look at each other, then look to Lestat. This is the moment. He smiles like a father at them.
88) 4) dialog: Come on, children.
89) 0) text: Lestat readies himself as he scans the valley from behind a speaker, and sees...
89) 4) dialog: I'm so glad I decided to rise... (shouting) After tonight, Death Valley will live up to its name!
89) 17) dialog: You want more?! The crowd screams...
89) 19) dialog: This one's for those who've come for me! All yell that they have, but the covens know it's for them. Lestat launches the band into a new number that makes the previous song seem like a lullaby. He eyes the coven-assassins here and there and sings straight to them. His lyrics challenging the assassins, flaunting them with satire. Jesse whirls around, spying the assassins in the crowd. She shakes her head no... The covens need no more encouragement as they begin to move through the crowd toward the stage. We RISE UP OVER the crowd to see fifty assassins snaking at preternatural speed, unseen to all except us in our inhuman vantage.
89) 31) dialog: Get out of here! The band scampers off stage as the assassins fly past, the reverb from their guitars whistle into a deafening pitch. Jesse joins the screaming crowds.
89) 36) dialog: stands in wonder as Marius stares up into the high darkness.
90) 9) dialog: senses it too. He looks up, not knowing from which direction the attack will come. The STAGE starts to SHUDDER and SHAKE violently... Jesse, now almost to the stage, screams to him.
90) 11) text: Suddenly the wooden platform beneath Lestat begins to buckle under his feet. Fragments of WOOD EXPLODE upwards around Lestat. Marius loses his balance and staggers backwards... Fragments of sharp wood fly into the audience. Jesse raises her hands to protect herself. She looks up. Freezes. Akasha rises up through the stage. Beautiful and terrifying. She grabs Lestat and the two of them shoot up into the air. The crowd stares in awe. Jesse is frozen. Roger, the Fire Marshal, the band, everyone is frozen. Talbot stares up at Akasha, his face white, unable to believe his eyes. Even the Ancient Ones are stunned to see their Queen come to life. Scaffolds collapse in an EXPLOSION OF ELECTRICAL SPARKS... (NOTE: Practical explosion.) The Ancient Ones stare up into the sky as... Akasha and Lestat vanish. Jesse stares in horror after them.
92) 0) text: Lestat opens his eyes and finds himself high above the desert, the tiny lights of the concert far below.
92) 4) dialog: Akasha...
92) 7) text: Lestat is awestruck. There is such an unearthly power in Akasha's voice. Everything seems to hum and vibrate with her breath.
92) 9) dialog: My wishes...?
92) 11) text: Akasha spreads her arms, moving ever closer to Lestat.
92) 13) dialog: Had a King?
92) 15) dialog: You?
92) 20) text: Akasha bites her own lip. Blood trickles slightly across her chin. Lestat stares at the blood, yearns towards it, as the pulse of her blood increases... Lestat looks at it, both wanting and fearful. Wrapping her arms around Lestat, she braces him, licks his face.
92) 22) dialog: (melting) Never.
92) 24) text: Lestat looks caught.
92) 26) text: (NOTE: Shoot as practical, actor against plain night sky, as much as possible.) Akasha rises above him, hovers over Lestat, letting a single drop of blood spill into his mouth. Lestat levitates above the ground to meet her as... Akasha hovers higher, drawing him into the sky until their mouths finally meet and her blood flows freely into him. Lestat pulls away as a great surge of power gathers in him and floods his body with an electric rush.
92) 28) text: Lestat looks straight at Akasha, his face flushed.    His eyes are empty of everything except her blood.
92) 34) dialog: Can we try that again?
92) 35) text: Akasha smiles at him, then laughs a strange laugh, a kind of purr/growl. Lestat gazes at her as the sensual hissing seems to surround him. It is seductive and scary. Lestat steps up, puts a finger to her lips.
92) 36) dialog: Show me the world...
93) 21) dialog: Beaming with a possessed look, his eyes brimming with visions. Lestat opens his eyes and sees an island approaching.   I the distance lights sparkle as an enormous plantation villa is revealed, nestled into the far shore.
94) 0) text: Lestat and Akasha stand on a cliff-top. WIND rips through the trees. Everywhere, there are torches, and a million candles light the vast house. Lestat and Akasha glide past the forest of exotic flowers... Past the fountains and statues -- up the steps to the open French doors. Long white curtains billow in the sea wind.
94) 1) dialog: Where are we?
94) 3) dialog: You live here?
95) 0) text: Lestat steps in through billowing curtains, stops... There are three West Indian girls, young, voluptuous, beautiful, dressed in simple working clothes and traditional head-wraps. They stare at Lestat, nervous, yet fascinated. They move towards him. Lestat finds himself surrounded by hands, touching him, reaching beneath his shirt, pulling his clothes from his body. He swoons, closes his eyes, smiles.
95) 1) dialog: So warm... (sniffs their skin)
95) 4) dialog: ... they're mortal...
95) 13) dialog: The most lascivious smile spreading over his face, even as the waves of pleasure still course through him, causing his mouth to twitch and tremble. He closes his eyes...
96) 0) text: Lestat steps into the hallway, stares at dead bodies sprinkling the ground -- both servants formally dressed, and guests in white tropical evening dress...
97) 0) text: The candles have all melted, forming pools that spread across the lace cloth. Food sits uneaten on plates. The last of the sun's rays strikes ten dead bodies sitting around the table, some slumped onto their food, some frozen in death. Lestat moves through the room, a feeling of dread spreading. We FOLLOW as he moves...
98) 0) text: ... out the French windows onto the beach, bodies of servants and villagers are scattered. Lestat's feet step down the wooden stairs, onto the sand, through the bodies... Lestat, shielding his eyes, stares up in horror at the pink sky.
98) 2) dialog: Why?
98) 7) dialog: This is the reason you have risen?
98) 9) text: Akasha smiles, raises her hand, suddenly slices her wrist with a knife. Lestat stares at her dripping blood. She crosses to him, her eyes locked on his. She lifts her wrist, drips her blood into Lestat's mouth. Lestat's eyes glaze over again. He smiles, feeds hungrily, lost again. Akasha smiles.
99) 11) text: He turns slowly to the corner where she sits.      They l eyes. Lestat's face stares cold and hard.
99) 13) dialog: Made me see.
99) 14) text: Taking his arm, Akasha draws Lestat to her. The Ancient Vampires subtly position themselves under the medieval weapons hanging on the walls, as Marius moves toward his son.
99) 16) dialog: Never.    She is my Queen.
99) 17) text: Marius looks for some recognition in Lestat's eyes. There is none. Maharet turns to Akasha.
99) 35) text: She crosses to the family tree, traces the names down to one. Jessica Reeves. Akasha is beyond fury, yet she keeps her temper under control and turns to Lestat.
99) 37) text: Smiling, she bites her lip, letting a drop of blood glisten there, tempting Lestat.
99) 38) dialog: Yes...
99) 39) text: He draws closer. Jesse stares, mortified. Akasha and Lestat's mouths almost meet when Akasha pulls away. Akasha slowly turns to Jesse.
99) 44) dialog: She's nothing to me.
99) 46) text: Maharet steps between Lestat and Jesse.
99) 52) text: Maharet struggles but Akasha is too strong.     Jesse gaz at Lestat. Then steps forward.
99) 54) text: Maharet stops, standing fixed with the sound of Jesse's newly strong and calm voice. Jesse looks to Lestat, straight into his dark irises, her gaze absolutely unwavering.
99) 56) text: She reaches up, pulls aside her shirt, revealing the top of her breast. A thin, red scar remains from where she cut herself with the silver stick from the Chinese barrette. Lestat gazes at her, begins to advance. Jesse keeps her gaze steady into Lestat's, risking everything.
99) 65) dialog: But, My Queen, you've forgotten my reward!
99) 68) text: Lestat smiles with a blood-stained mouth. Akasha approaches Lestat and offers him her vein. She looks scornfully at the others as he cradles her wrist...
99) 73) text: Lestat looks once at Marius, then sinks his teeth into its original font. He drinks as Akasha gasps with pleasure at giving so much pleasure to him. She keeps smiling to the others. But Lestat doesn't stop drinking. Akasha looks back to him, her face changing.
99) 75) text: Still Lestat doesn't stop.
99) 77) text: (NOTE: Scene as scripted here is quite different from what was analyzed in boards. Notable potential expense or savings indicated with brackets. []) But Lestat clamps down even harder.       Akasha thrashes trying to release herself. Maharet and Marius realize what he's doing, see the chance Lestat has gained for them. A silent signal passes between them as... The Ancients make an instantaneous decision. Akasha looks up, gasping, in time to see Maharet, Marius, Khayman, Armand, Mael, Pandora flying towards her. Akasha lets out a hiss... Most of the Ancients are thrown to the ground while Mael ignites in mid-air. Mael's skin bubbles. He screams, the veins in his face rise up and explode as if his blood were burning acid... Pandora too bursts into flames.       She falls to the gr But Lestat, strong with Akasha's blood, keeps his hold and Khayman, Armand, Marius, Maharet fly at her again. They swarm over Akasha. She rises into the air, thrashing about, but they hang on, forming a flying mass of flailing limbs. The THUMP of Akasha's HEART ACCELERATES as they try to drain her... Akasha turns on [Khayman to incinerate him. Flash. He screams as his blood boils, exploding out of his fingertips -- But he doesn't ignite... His wounds quickly heal. He moves in for another attack...]
99) 82) text: The Ancient Ones look to each other, uncertain a moment. Akasha gazes at them, then turns slowly, fixes her gaze on Lestat. He gazes back at her. Suddenly, Akasha takes her chance, rises, her eyes flare green, marshalling the last of her wrath. Lestat cries out in agony as smoke rises from his limbs. Fiercely determined, Lestat bites into Akasha's throat, this time for the kill. Akasha sinks her nails into his t He hangs on, his teeth deep. They are locked in mortal co Akasha slowly sinks to the ground, real fear in her eyes as her strength finally vanishes.
99) 84) text: Lestat pulls away, leaving Akasha hanging in a twisted, unnatural angle. They all stare waiting to see what will happen... ... Maharet moves quickly. She strides over to Akasha and sinks her fangs into Akasha's neck. Akasha struggles but this time she cannot even rise up. Maharet does not stop. A HOWLING sound as if from hell fills the room. The Ancient Ones stare at Akasha, step back in awe. Lestat sits up, burned but still alive to see... Akasha's skin begins to grow horribly pale, to harden and cake into a chalk. There's no blood left to flow from the gaping holes in Akasha's flesh. She slowly begins to transform back to her frozen statue state. Her skin returning to MARBLE. CRACKS multiply, becoming fissures. Finally, Akasha literally falls to pieces, SMASHING on the stone floor like porcelain. A silent moment. The Ancient Ones look at each other, astonished, as they realize they're still "alive."
99) 89) text: The Ancients let out relieved hisses. But Lestat is only concerned about Jesse. He rushes to her, picks up her lifeless head, takes a dagger from the floor and slices his wrist. He brings the open vein to Jesse's mouth, but she's not moving. Lestat bends down to her ear and whispers.
99) 90) dialog: I left you one drop, my love. Drink deep and live.
99) 91) text: Jesse's lips slightly move and quiver as she tastes the blood. She begins to take the blood inside her and then finally truly drink and revive as Lestat cradles her. She pulls away, gasping. Lestat looks into her eyes.
99) 93) dialog: Drink, my love.
99) 94) text: Her lips move to his wrist. Lestat strokes her hair, soothes her. Jesse gasps as pain courses through her. Lestat holds her close. She looks up at him, their eyes are locked together.
99) 95) dialog: I will never leave you again.
99) 96) text: He holds her tight in his arms. All the Ancients gaze at Lestat, now understanding what he did. Slowly Jesse rises, gazes at Lestat, her face pale, her eyes glowing. Then Jesse turns, stares at Maharet. All the Ancients turn, follow her gaze. A whiteness is spreading across Maharet's face and skin. Maharet stares at her arms and legs, slowly turning to stone. Jesse goes to her.
99) 104) text: The Ancients slowly bow to Maharet. Jesse slowly slips from Maharet's arms. Goes into Lestat's arms.
99) 107) text: Jesse and Lestat hold onto each other, gazing at Maharet's face. On Maharet's lips is the most content of smiles. Jesse wipes away a tear. Marius turns to Lestat.    Their eyes meet.     Then Mari bows at Maharet's feet.
102) 7) text: David, this is Lestat. He looks at Lestat, fear in his eyes.
102) 9) dialog: Charmed, I'm sure.
102) 12) dialog: Unexpected?
102) 24) text: She hands Talbot a canvas. It's a painting. He stares at it. The painting shows Lestat's concert. And in the crowd, Talbot finds Marius, now looking straight out at the viewer, a smile on his lips. Talbot sees standing beside Marius is Talbot himself, dancing with a young, pretty Goth. Talbot smiles.
102) 29) dialog: Always.
103) 0) text: Jesse and Lestat come out of the Talamascan headquarters. He takes her hand and together they float up over the wall and out to the street. Lestat pulls Jesse into his arms. They kiss. It's long, deep, romantic. They pull away, gaze sweetly, lovingly, into each other's eyes... And exchange happy, fanged smiles...
103) 1) dialog: Shall we go get a drink, love?
103) 2) text: She smiles, nods. Lestat and Jesse take each other's hands, move into the crowd, zipping through the streets at that STRANGE preternatural SPEED... ... and vanish into the night.