68) 0) text: Marius stands in the hills by the Hollywood sign, gazing down, his brow furrowed, at Lestat's fortress-like mansion hidden in the canyon below. The WIND BLOWS the trees, bushes. Marius turns, uneasy, sensing something, peers into the shadows cast by the brightly-lit sign. Marius stares as a figure emerges from the shadows. It is Mael, a vampire, his face hidden in a cloak.
68) 1) dialog: Marius, you've broken your oath. You were to watch over Akasha and Khayman. You are a great disappointment to me. Marius looks up to see all the Ancients now stepping from the shadows. KHAYMAN, the desert vampire, in Egyptian dress along with PANDORA, the dark-haired beauty in her sari, ARMAND, the boy sage, in his Mesopotamian robes. Last, MAHARET steps from her grand door. She is beautiful with long red hair, alabaster skin.
68) 12) dialog: Yes.   It will set an example.
68) 17) dialog: No. We will contact the covens. Let them know we condone the slaying. It will be better for all to see.
68) 18) text: Marius, with a tortured expression, gazes at Mael. Maharet steps up.
68) 34) dialog: But can she be destroyed? I am left to bear the scars of the last attempt on her life. She was dragged into the sun. She survived. But we almost didn't...
68) 49) dialog: No. Armand is right. We will go to the concert and first see what she does. There may be no need for action.
93) 0) text: Mael leads Jesse down the hall. She stares ahead at what looks like statues standing in the shadows. Her eyes widen as the statues come to life: Armand, Pandora, Khayman, Marius are talking in hushed tones, gathered before Maharet's "Great Family Tree." CAMERA SWEEPS OVER the endless lines, the rows of names that stretch down the stone wall -- ACROSS the floor, filling room after room. The Ancients all stare, deeply moved. Maharet turns to them.
93) 8) dialog: But is there a way?   We don't know.
93) 15) text: Maharet gazes at them, her mind working... Pandora, Khayman, Mael gaze at each other, still uncertain.
99) 77) text: (NOTE: Scene as scripted here is quite different from what was analyzed in boards. Notable potential expense or savings indicated with brackets. []) But Lestat clamps down even harder.       Akasha thrashes trying to release herself. Maharet and Marius realize what he's doing, see the chance Lestat has gained for them. A silent signal passes between them as... The Ancients make an instantaneous decision. Akasha looks up, gasping, in time to see Maharet, Marius, Khayman, Armand, Mael, Pandora flying towards her. Akasha lets out a hiss... Most of the Ancients are thrown to the ground while Mael ignites in mid-air. Mael's skin bubbles. He screams, the veins in his face rise up and explode as if his blood were burning acid... Pandora too bursts into flames.       She falls to the gr But Lestat, strong with Akasha's blood, keeps his hold and Khayman, Armand, Marius, Maharet fly at her again. They swarm over Akasha. She rises into the air, thrashing about, but they hang on, forming a flying mass of flailing limbs. The THUMP of Akasha's HEART ACCELERATES as they try to drain her... Akasha turns on [Khayman to incinerate him. Flash. He screams as his blood boils, exploding out of his fingertips -- But he doesn't ignite... His wounds quickly heal. He moves in for another attack...]