68) 18) text: Marius, with a tortured expression, gazes at Mael. Maharet steps up.
68) 19) dialog: Wait. Never mind Lestat!   We have greater problems...
68) 22) dialog: Don't be so happy, Pandora. I knew Akasha when she walked this earth. I was her slave. I am now her enemy. I know what she is capable of.
68) 27) dialog: She knows only one thing. Taking pleasure in destroying life. She is already killing the young ones to build her strength.
68) 29) dialog: She has come to destroy Lestat, but he will only whet her thirst more...
68) 31) dialog: If we act together, we have a chance to destroy her.
68) 32) text: They all gaze at Maharet, astonished.
68) 33) dialog: Yes! We must destroy her immediately! If she is not stopped, I'm afraid of what will happen to the entire mortal world.
68) 40) dialog: Then so be it! We must take that chance.
68) 42) dialog: We must destroy Akasha. For the sake of humanity! We must find her. Now!
68) 45) dialog: How? With your own throat! You've all been asleep too long! You're still dreaming.
68) 46) text: Marius steps up beside Maharet.
68) 48) text: Marius then goes and stands beside Maharet and Khayman. The others gaze at the three standing together now.
68) 50) text: Pandora and Armand nod their assent. The two groups face each other. Maharet gazes at their faces, spits out the words.
68) 54) dialog: Then you go to the concert and you shall see! (shakes her head) And I thought the Ancients became wise with their years.
77) 8) text: Why can't I stay with you?! Please, Auntie Maharet!
77) 9) dialog: I don't want you to go, but you must. A tear of blood trickles down Maharet's cheek.
77) 11) dialog: You must be with your own, my sweetest girl. I'll always be watching over you.
77) 14) dialog: Forever is a very long time. Jesse looks up out of her memory to see in the doorway down the end of the hall...
77) 18) dialog: Hello, my princess.
77) 22) dialog: Yes. Oh, Jesse, I've missed you so much, but I had to keep this from you.
77) 23) text: Jesse stands there, soaking it in.    Maharet takes her hands gently.
77) 25) dialog: (strongly) Come...
77) 26) text: Jesse follows Maharet to the mural of the family tree.
77) 27) dialog: You are the most precious of my great family...
77) 29) dialog: (strongly) No. You are not. I was once mortal, too. My sister died before her child was one year old. I took care of that child, and her children, and her children's children...
77) 31) dialog: This is our family -- my way of coping with eternity. The labyrinth of life. The family teaches me the rhythms and passions of each age.
77) 35) dialog: You are my most prized light. You are what keeps me connected to the world of the living.
77) 36) text: Jesse stares at Maharet, amazed.
77) 37) dialog: When your parents died I took you to India to take care of you.
77) 39) dialog: I stopped it from happening.    And I will again.
77) 40) text: Maharet stands close, gazes at her.
77) 41) dialog: Jesse, you must stay away from Lestat. You must forget all about him.
77) 42) text: Jesse looks at her, surprised.    Maharet smiles.
77) 43) dialog: Yes, I know about your new friend. You think you love him, but it's not as you thought it would be.
77) 44) text: Jesse stares at Maharet, surprised she understands so well.
77) 46) dialog: I know, but it is not who you are, not who you are meant to be. You have found that out now.
77) 47) text: Jesse sits on a stone bench, confused.       Maharet smil sadly, feeling Jesse's inner turmoil.
77) 52) dialog: Jesse, you must forget about him. You must trust me...
77) 54) dialog: Me too.
77) 56) dialog: You will go home to London in the morning.
77) 57) text: Jesse holds Maharet's eyes.
77) 59) text: Maharet touches her face gently.
77) 60) dialog: Now is not the time to be here...
77) 61) text: The light is getting brighter.    Maharet stands.
77) 62) dialog: You were seeking answers. Now you have found them. The family is who you are.
77) 63) text: Maharet goes to Jesse, wraps her arms tight around Jesse. Despite the coldness of her skin, Jesse warms to the embrace, closes her eyes, holds her tight. Then, beaten by the sun, Maharet stands, exits into the shadows, turns back to Jesse, gazes at her.
77) 64) dialog: You will go home to London tomorrow.
80) 0) text: Jesse moves down the hallway past paintings of vampires. She pauses at one of Maharet. As Jesse shifts, the glass over the painting catches Jesse's reflection. Jesse moves slowly until her face just covers Maharet's. In the reflection, Jesse's eyes now glow with Maharet's luminescence. Jesse stares a long, long moment.
83) 0) text: Maharet's sprawling compound sits alone in the empty desert. Nothing for as far as the eye can see.
85) 19) dialog: Akasha will not be able to resist this...
89) 39) dialog: She is here...
93) 0) text: Mael leads Jesse down the hall. She stares ahead at what looks like statues standing in the shadows. Her eyes widen as the statues come to life: Armand, Pandora, Khayman, Marius are talking in hushed tones, gathered before Maharet's "Great Family Tree." CAMERA SWEEPS OVER the endless lines, the rows of names that stretch down the stone wall -- ACROSS the floor, filling room after room. The Ancients all stare, deeply moved. Maharet turns to them.
93) 1) dialog: We see now what Akasha means to do. Rule as Queen again. (pointing to the great family) This is why we must fight Akasha!
93) 2) text: Maharet looks around, determined, challenging each of the immortals.
93) 6) dialog: For the sake of all mortals. She must be stopped, or the mortal world will end.
93) 7) text: The Ancients fall silent as they take this in. They gaze again at Maharet's Great Family, humbled for a moment by her life's passion.
93) 11) dialog: We can't take that chance.    We must finish her.
93) 14) dialog: Perhaps.
93) 15) text: Maharet gazes at them, her mind working... Pandora, Khayman, Mael gaze at each other, still uncertain.
93) 17) dialog: Lestat has joined with Akasha. He is lost to us now. He is never coming back.
99) 5) dialog: Akasha.
99) 17) text: Marius looks for some recognition in Lestat's eyes. There is none. Maharet turns to Akasha.
99) 18) dialog: Akasha. The world has changed since you reigned.
99) 20) dialog: We've found other ways to co- exist.
99) 22) text: She casts a dangerous eye towards Jesse. Maharet instinctively moves forward to protect her.
99) 27) text: Maharet doesn't even flinch.
99) 30) dialog: I will not.
99) 46) text: Maharet steps between Lestat and Jesse.
99) 47) dialog: You will not touch her!
99) 48) text: Akasha flicks her wrist. Maharet is hurled against a pillar, pinned by Akasha's hand.
99) 50) dialog: I beg you, spare this child.
99) 52) text: Maharet struggles but Akasha is too strong.     Jesse gaz at Lestat. Then steps forward.
99) 54) text: Maharet stops, standing fixed with the sound of Jesse's newly strong and calm voice. Jesse looks to Lestat, straight into his dark irises, her gaze absolutely unwavering.
99) 62) text: She turns to the MURAL with a fierce gaze. Flash! It EXPLODES, CRUMBLING to a million pieces on the ground. Maharet stares in horror.
99) 77) text: (NOTE: Scene as scripted here is quite different from what was analyzed in boards. Notable potential expense or savings indicated with brackets. []) But Lestat clamps down even harder.       Akasha thrashes trying to release herself. Maharet and Marius realize what he's doing, see the chance Lestat has gained for them. A silent signal passes between them as... The Ancients make an instantaneous decision. Akasha looks up, gasping, in time to see Maharet, Marius, Khayman, Armand, Mael, Pandora flying towards her. Akasha lets out a hiss... Most of the Ancients are thrown to the ground while Mael ignites in mid-air. Mael's skin bubbles. He screams, the veins in his face rise up and explode as if his blood were burning acid... Pandora too bursts into flames.       She falls to the gr But Lestat, strong with Akasha's blood, keeps his hold and Khayman, Armand, Marius, Maharet fly at her again. They swarm over Akasha. She rises into the air, thrashing about, but they hang on, forming a flying mass of flailing limbs. The THUMP of Akasha's HEART ACCELERATES as they try to drain her... Akasha turns on [Khayman to incinerate him. Flash. He screams as his blood boils, exploding out of his fingertips -- But he doesn't ignite... His wounds quickly heal. He moves in for another attack...]
99) 83) dialog: Wait, Lestat! You must stop!
99) 84) text: Lestat pulls away, leaving Akasha hanging in a twisted, unnatural angle. They all stare waiting to see what will happen... ... Maharet moves quickly. She strides over to Akasha and sinks her fangs into Akasha's neck. Akasha struggles but this time she cannot even rise up. Maharet does not stop. A HOWLING sound as if from hell fills the room. The Ancient Ones stare at Akasha, step back in awe. Lestat sits up, burned but still alive to see... Akasha's skin begins to grow horribly pale, to harden and cake into a chalk. There's no blood left to flow from the gaping holes in Akasha's flesh. She slowly begins to transform back to her frozen statue state. Her skin returning to MARBLE. CRACKS multiply, becoming fissures. Finally, Akasha literally falls to pieces, SMASHING on the stone floor like porcelain. A silent moment. The Ancient Ones look at each other, astonished, as they realize they're still "alive."
99) 96) text: He holds her tight in his arms. All the Ancients gaze at Lestat, now understanding what he did. Slowly Jesse rises, gazes at Lestat, her face pale, her eyes glowing. Then Jesse turns, stares at Maharet. All the Ancients turn, follow her gaze. A whiteness is spreading across Maharet's face and skin. Maharet stares at her arms and legs, slowly turning to stone. Jesse goes to her.
99) 101) dialog: My child, let me look at you... You are finally happy. It is as it should be now... I will watch over you always.
99) 102) text: Maharet reaches out, embraces Jesse. Then Maharet sinks into a chair and freezes into a statue.
99) 104) text: The Ancients slowly bow to Maharet. Jesse slowly slips from Maharet's arms. Goes into Lestat's arms.
99) 107) text: Jesse and Lestat hold onto each other, gazing at Maharet's face. On Maharet's lips is the most content of smiles. Jesse wipes away a tear. Marius turns to Lestat.    Their eyes meet.     Then Mari bows at Maharet's feet.