31) 73) text: As Jesse goes out, holding the journal, Talbot smiles after her. But after the door closes, his gaze turns again to concern. He crosses back to the paintings, pauses a moment, staring up into Marius's eyes. Then Talbot covers each with the black velvet.
33) 0) text: A great round room encircled with candles, their reflections flickering in the great glass windows braving back the outside STORM. A huge antique bed sits in the room's center, and on it... Lestat lays feverish and fitful, dressed in a soft linen nightshirt. His neck wears a swollen bite. Another flash of lightning suddenly jolts him awake. His hands feel the inflamed wound as he sees... An indistinct shape of a man dressed in draping red velvet, sitting asleep in a chair across the room. An easel stands before him, holding an unseen painting. Lestat rises out of the bed and grabs his clothes from a nearby Louis IV chair. He makes for a door when... Lestat suddenly stops. He looks back to see the painting that stands on the easel. It's a portrait of himself in ancient Roman garb, like the god Mars, complete with his blond hair and fiery blue eyes. Unable to help himself, he approaches the painting, completely fascinated by his own image, when suddenly... The sleeping man leaps up, grabs   Lestat unmercifully an again plunges his teeth into the   young man's neck. Lestat fights as best he can but   his strength is no mat as he's slowly drawn down to the   floor. Finally... The strange man lifts himself up from Lestat's neck to reveal the face of the vampire MARIUS, the mysterious figure. Wiping his blooded mouth on his painter's cloth --
33) 1) dialog: Lestat.    Welcome.
33) 7) dialog: I'm unknowable by nature.
33) 8) text: Marius advances again on the young man...
33) 9) dialog: But you may call me Marius.
33) 12) dialog: I doubt they'll find you, Lord De Lioncourt. You're a long way from home...
33) 14) dialog: You're weak... near passing. I can barely hear your heartbeat.
33) 16) text: Marius smiles, impressed.
33) 17) dialog: You really do fear nothing. It is why I chose you. Because you think things are possible which aren't possible...
33) 20) dialog: My companion. Someone to share my burden.
33) 22) dialog: You've lost a great deal of blood.
33) 27) text: Suddenly Marius draws a knife from a Roman sheath on his belt. With the last of his strength, Lestat grabs his attacker's wrist.
33) 28) dialog: Then drink.
33) 29) text: Guiding Lestat's hand with the knife, Marius smiles and cuts his own arm, opening his veins. Lestat stares in true terror as Marius lets his blood drip onto Lestat's lip. Lestat pulls away as the blood slides into his mouth...
33) 30) dialog: Good, is it not?
33) 31) text: And indeed... it does taste good. That's the new terror that's gripping him. He crosses himself and stares up into Marius's gentle eyes. Marius bends down, cups Lestat's chin.
33) 32) dialog: Drink and live. You've been brave enough for one night, my son.
33) 33) text: Marius brings his open vein to Lestat's lips. Lestat hesitates, but then suddenly... Feeds hungrily as Marius's face fills with the bond. He slowly sinks down to his knees as Lestat feeds and feeds. As Lestat drinks, a barrage of IMAGES flood into him...
33) 36) dialog: Drink... drink and learn.
33) 37) text: Lestat's body grows stronger, his back arching up as he draws the "life" into him with full force, as... Marius begins to weaken, himself.
33) 41) dialog: There... there... that will do.
33) 43) dialog: No... no more.   Lestat, no more!
33) 44) text: With one great move, Marius pulls Lestat off his arm and tosses him across the floor twenty feet away. Marius reels back, clamping his open vein with his hand as Lestat curls on the ground, gasping ecstatically from the rush. Slowly, Lestat starts to feel something. Pain begins travelling through his body, consuming him until he screams. Marius crosses to Lestat convulsing on the floor. He kneels and gently wipes his brow. Lestat's body thrashes as he grabs at his own limbs...
33) 45) dialog: Don't be afraid, it's only your body that dies...
34) 2) text: TILT DOWN to reveal an old fisherman who cries out as Lestat bites into his throat. Marius watches as the fisherman's body relaxes. He pulls Lestat away.
34) 6) dialog: That's enough, my son... When you feed, you must hold back from the moment of death. You must never take the last drop, or it will draw you in and you will die...
34) 7) text: The fisherman is moaning. Looking down at the suffering victim, Marius swiftly snaps his neck and dumps him into a boat. He picks up an oar, and with vampire strength, drives it like a stake through the bottom of the boat. Water starts bubbling in.
34) 8) dialog: Remember, there is wisdom in the flesh, Lestat. A man wears his history on his skin...
34) 9) text: Marius feels Lestat's gaze, turns to him.
34) 10) dialog: I'm talking about humanity.
34) 13) dialog: We're more than that. Their blood that we take into us carries with it life... their life, their knowledge, their complexity. Appreciate your prey, Lestat.
34) 14) text: Marius gazes at the fisherman, then, with vampire strength, shoves the boat far out into the ocean.
35) 0) text: Below the brightest of summer night skies, Lestat and Marius walk along, talking intensely. The ocean appears to shimmer in the faint light of stars. In the distance, several bonfires burn on the sand, dancing figures gathered around.
35) 5) dialog: The trick is to find the way to face eternity head on. The spirit can be annihilated by boredom just as the body can be destroyed by sun or fire. My solace, my delight, is witnessing the unfolding of human destiny...
35) 6) text: Lestat gazes at Marius's eyes dancing with intellectual fervor. As they walk, they pass a group of teenagers, just younger than Lestat, at a bonfire, dancing, laughing Lestat gazes over at them as he and Marius pass, hidden in shadow.
35) 7) dialog: ... From Christ to the Dark Ages to the enlightenment, I've never been able to divine what was coming. That's what keeps me going -- I can't wait to see what human beings are going to do next...
35) 9) dialog: Who could've predicted the Enlightenment? Or Hannibal and his elephants?
35) 10) text: Marius stops talking, turns. Lestat is no longer beside him. Marius turns back and sees Lestat standing in the shadows, listening to the music. The young woman, sensing something, turns towards Lestat in the shadows as she plays. Marius goes to Lestat, pulls him farther into the shadows.
35) 11) dialog: Careful.
35) 16) dialog: Shhh. The life of a vampire is a life of discretion. We must sleep during the day, when we are vulnerable to the sun. Mortals must never know about us. It is forbidden, for the sake of all our kind.
35) 18) dialog: Not unless you wanted to kill her.
35) 20) dialog: You're known by me. I granted you that. There are others of our kind... though most are solitary creatures.
35) 23) dialog: Forget God. You're no longer in his realm. Now we must leave.
35) 29) text: Lightning fast, out of the shadows, steps Marius. He grabs the Father. The girl drops her violin, turns, start running down the beach to a bonfire in the distance.
35) 30) dialog: Stop her, Lestat!
35) 31) text: Lestat turns to Marius, shaking his head no in horror.
35) 32) dialog: You must!
36) 0) text: Marius kneels over the body of the Father on the island's deserted shoreline. Tosses him in a boat. Lestat gazes at the lifeless body of the girl. Marius turns to Lestat, furious.
36) 1) dialog: I will not have you put everything at risk! You will mind our laws! Picking up Lestat's victim, Marius tosses her into the boat as well.
36) 2) dialog: We remain in the shadows.   To do otherwise is a road to destruction... Marius turns to Lestat, who stands in silence, gazing at the girl and her Father.
36) 3) dialog: (quietly)
36) 4) text: I see you still have a few lingering mortal emotions. They will serve you no good, Lestat. Lestat turns to Marius, shaking his head, speaks in a horrified whisper...
52) 0) text: Marius sits under the stars, painting, when his hand begins to tremble... Suddenly, he drops his brush, startled by some unexpected feeling that passes through him. He stands bolt upright as a frightening GUST of WIND sweeps across him.
52) 4) dialog: in the sanctuary, hovering over Lestat, who lays on the stone floor in a catatonic state, staring. Marius looks down upon him, the sconces above blazing high with flames. Marius's VOICE ECHOING furiously...
52) 5) dialog: What have you done, Lestat? Lestat!
53) 0) text: Lestat lays in bed, feverish, his skin paler than ever. At the foot of the bed stands Marius.
53) 1) dialog: (quietly)
53) 4) dialog: I don't think so, my little lord. Lestat writhes with a physical delight that is almost painful. Lestat realizes he is shackled to the bed with manacles and chains. Struggles against them.
53) 6) dialog: No. You've drunk the purest blood. Seen the oldest of things -- far too much for one as young as you. You've been unconscious for days.
53) 12) dialog: She... she is your mother, my mother... Akasha, the Queen of all who are damned. And he is her King.
53) 14) text: Lestat struggles with all his might. One of his manacles splits, releasing a leg. Marius stares, surprised.
53) 15) dialog: She made you quite powerful. (withdrawing a saber from its sheath) Don't make me use this!
53) 19) dialog: Lestat, listen to me! I have watched over Akasha and her King for 2000 years! They must never awaken!
53) 21) dialog: Akasha and her King nearly drank this earth dry when they ruled over Egypt. They drank until they lost their will to drink. They became living statues. And yet Akasha still sustains the life force of all vampires. It is believed what happens to her, happens to all of us.
53) 22) text: Lestat gazes up at him, taking it in.       Marius moves slowly away.
53) 26) dialog: If she were ever to rise, she would again desiccate the earth! She has no respect for anything except the taste of blood. Immortal and human alike...
53) 29) text: Marius stares at him, shocked.
53) 30) dialog: I hear her blood in your voice... In all the years I've cared for them, not once have they moved...
53) 32) text: Marius moves at super-speed, grabs Lestat by the neck, and pins him down.
53) 33) dialog: You are part of a great coven! You take responsibility for your kind!
53) 35) text: Lestat, lost, looks at Marius, his eyes intoxicated with Akasha's blood. Marius steps back. Looks at his fledgling with great sadness, anger, disappointment.
53) 36) dialog: I chose you for your bravery, but I was wrong. You know only selfishness. I can no longer trust you... It gives me no pleasure to look upon what I have created.
53) 37) text: Marius turns his back on Lestat.     Lestat stares after him.
54) 0) text: THROUGH the balcony we see the last warm colors of the sunset vanish into the blue of night. Lestat awakens, his manacles removed. He stretches, shakes his head, as if clearing his head, but something causes him to stop... Something has changed. Marius's paints have gone. Some of his paintings remain, but his easel and paint boxes are removed, leaving splattered outlines on the faded marble floor.
63) 0) text: Lestat bursts out the doors of his bedroom and looks down into the living room. Marius sits on a couch, still dressed in red velvet, studying the Rolling Stone with Lestat on the cover.
63) 1) dialog: Lestat.
63) 5) dialog: It is good to see you, Lestat.
63) 7) dialog: Old habits die hard.
63) 9) dialog: I slept.
63) 11) dialog: Elvis.
63) 13) dialog: (holding up the Rolling Stone) You're bigger than he is now.
63) 15) dialog: If someone doesn't get to you first.
63) 16) text: Lestat grins, feeling Marius's disapproval.
63) 18) dialog: If it were only so simple, my son.
63) 23) dialog: You forget. We ancients have powers no ordinary vampires possess... And I know you. I remembered how you admired the medieval fortresses in the hilltowns of Lyon. (gestures to house) All you're missing is the moat and the cannons... which you may need.
64) 0) text: Lestat and Marius sit perched on a giant billboard advertising Lestat's concert. Down below, Sunset Strip is filled with Goths, club hoppers, HONKING CARS, a traffic jam.
64) 1) dialog: (sarcastic) Impressive. Reminds me of mad old Druids running around chanting in the forest. Very primitive stuff.
64) 3) dialog: It's what you've always wanted.
64) 5) dialog: Do you think of anyone but yourself?
64) 10) dialog: It may be time to get ready for some company.
64) 12) dialog: Your music's woken a very old friend...
64) 13) text: Lestat looks at Marius, trying to understand.
64) 14) dialog: Can't you hear it? Or is the applause all you can hear now?
64) 15) text: Marius becomes eerily still. A deep, somber TONE starts to VIBRATE. The GROUND RUMBLES. Lestat taken aback, remembers the scope of Marius's power. Lestat stares at Marius, then closes his eyes...
64) 18) dialog: Akasha has risen. She has taken her King's blood. Absorbed his power. You've done it this time.
64) 19) text: Lestat stares at Marius, letting the knowledge sink in. Then he grins.
64) 21) dialog: Don't you understand?   You must stop this concert!
64) 26) dialog: No. Not the same! You've only known Akasha dormant. She too will find you. She is choosing her moment. She has come to destroy you, Lestat. And in her wrath, she will devour everything that moves. Mortal and vampire alike.
64) 28) text: Marius is enraged, tries to control himself.      Lestat gazes at him, speaks steadily.
64) 30) dialog: And you're taking everyone with you, you fool! We were once mortals, too. It is our heritage we protect!
64) 32) dialog: You're a monster.
64) 34) text: Lestat turns, leaps off the billboard, disappearing into the black night. Marius stands alone.
68) 0) text: Marius stands in the hills by the Hollywood sign, gazing down, his brow furrowed, at Lestat's fortress-like mansion hidden in the canyon below. The WIND BLOWS the trees, bushes. Marius turns, uneasy, sensing something, peers into the shadows cast by the brightly-lit sign. Marius stares as a figure emerges from the shadows. It is Mael, a vampire, his face hidden in a cloak.
68) 2) dialog: Pandora, Armand, it's been a long time. Khayman, Maharet, to what do I owe this honor?
68) 13) dialog: I don't see how this solves things. This isn't thought through.
68) 15) text: He gazes again down at Lestat's house with a threatening glance. Turns to Marius with a look of warning.
68) 18) text: Marius, with a tortured expression, gazes at Mael. Maharet steps up.
68) 20) dialog: (stepping up) Maharet is right. It is Akasha we face now.
68) 28) dialog: She's sucked the life out of her King like a praying mantis. I sense she is getting closer.
68) 36) dialog: What happens to our Queen happens to us. If Akasha dies, we die as well.
68) 46) text: Marius steps up beside Maharet.
68) 47) dialog: Maharet speaks the truth.   It is our only hope.
68) 48) text: Marius then goes and stands beside Maharet and Khayman. The others gaze at the three standing together now.
68) 55) text: As we REMAIN ON the Ancient Ones, AKASHA'S HEARTBEAT creeps back in over... Marius gazes again down at Lestat's house, anguish on his face.
85) 8) dialog: watching him at a distance. Next to the real thing, all these fake vampires look ridiculous.
85) 9) dialog: (quietly) Hello, David.
85) 11) dialog: I must show you my new paintings sometime.
85) 12) text: Marius smiles. Talbot is awestruck -- the goal of a lifetime's searching. He tries to say something, but it's too late. Flash. Marius is moving through the crowd at unnatural speed. Enormous pipes spout flames high into the sky, run like a corridor of red light along the crowd, leading to two enormous Egyptian effigies of Akasha and Enkil flanking a stage at the top end. And before the stage stretches a mass of human bacchanalian debauchery... Woodstock on mescaline. Naked bodies, pierced and tattooed, mingle with the strangest of fashions as crowds gather in circles around their own lit fires, drumming out awesome rhythms. The whole place is an enormous flaming mosh pit   -- nake bodies walk across heads of people while others   get tossed and thrown. This crowd is determined to    get what they were promised... Nothing like they've   ever seen.
89) 24) dialog: can hold himself back no longer. He flies over equipment and roadies, up into the air. The Ancients gaze after him and...
89) 37) dialog: (soft, to himself) Akasha.
90) 11) text: Suddenly the wooden platform beneath Lestat begins to buckle under his feet. Fragments of WOOD EXPLODE upwards around Lestat. Marius loses his balance and staggers backwards... Fragments of sharp wood fly into the audience. Jesse raises her hands to protect herself. She looks up. Freezes. Akasha rises up through the stage. Beautiful and terrifying. She grabs Lestat and the two of them shoot up into the air. The crowd stares in awe. Jesse is frozen. Roger, the Fire Marshal, the band, everyone is frozen. Talbot stares up at Akasha, his face white, unable to believe his eyes. Even the Ancient Ones are stunned to see their Queen come to life. Scaffolds collapse in an EXPLOSION OF ELECTRICAL SPARKS... (NOTE: Practical explosion.) The Ancient Ones stare up into the sky as... Akasha and Lestat vanish. Jesse stares in horror after them.
93) 0) text: Mael leads Jesse down the hall. She stares ahead at what looks like statues standing in the shadows. Her eyes widen as the statues come to life: Armand, Pandora, Khayman, Marius are talking in hushed tones, gathered before Maharet's "Great Family Tree." CAMERA SWEEPS OVER the endless lines, the rows of names that stretch down the stone wall -- ACROSS the floor, filling room after room. The Ancients all stare, deeply moved. Maharet turns to them.
93) 10) dialog: Then we weaken her. Drain her of almost all her blood, but leave her just one drop.
99) 1) dialog: She comes...
99) 14) text: Taking his arm, Akasha draws Lestat to her. The Ancient Vampires subtly position themselves under the medieval weapons hanging on the walls, as Marius moves toward his son.
99) 15) dialog: Lestat... step aside.
99) 17) text: Marius looks for some recognition in Lestat's eyes. There is none. Maharet turns to Akasha.
99) 28) dialog: Akasha, please...
99) 31) dialog: I will not.
99) 73) text: Lestat looks once at Marius, then sinks his teeth into its original font. He drinks as Akasha gasps with pleasure at giving so much pleasure to him. She keeps smiling to the others. But Lestat doesn't stop drinking. Akasha looks back to him, her face changing.
99) 77) text: (NOTE: Scene as scripted here is quite different from what was analyzed in boards. Notable potential expense or savings indicated with brackets. []) But Lestat clamps down even harder.       Akasha thrashes trying to release herself. Maharet and Marius realize what he's doing, see the chance Lestat has gained for them. A silent signal passes between them as... The Ancients make an instantaneous decision. Akasha looks up, gasping, in time to see Maharet, Marius, Khayman, Armand, Mael, Pandora flying towards her. Akasha lets out a hiss... Most of the Ancients are thrown to the ground while Mael ignites in mid-air. Mael's skin bubbles. He screams, the veins in his face rise up and explode as if his blood were burning acid... Pandora too bursts into flames.       She falls to the gr But Lestat, strong with Akasha's blood, keeps his hold and Khayman, Armand, Marius, Maharet fly at her again. They swarm over Akasha. She rises into the air, thrashing about, but they hang on, forming a flying mass of flailing limbs. The THUMP of Akasha's HEART ACCELERATES as they try to drain her... Akasha turns on [Khayman to incinerate him. Flash. He screams as his blood boils, exploding out of his fingertips -- But he doesn't ignite... His wounds quickly heal. He moves in for another attack...]
99) 107) text: Jesse and Lestat hold onto each other, gazing at Maharet's face. On Maharet's lips is the most content of smiles. Jesse wipes away a tear. Marius turns to Lestat.    Their eyes meet.     Then Mari bows at Maharet's feet.
99) 108) dialog: My Queen, I will watch over you always.
102) 24) text: She hands Talbot a canvas. It's a painting. He stares at it. The painting shows Lestat's concert. And in the crowd, Talbot finds Marius, now looking straight out at the viewer, a smile on his lips. Talbot sees standing beside Marius is Talbot himself, dancing with a young, pretty Goth. Talbot smiles.
102) 36) text: Talbot opens his eyes to say something, but they're gone. Talbot turns to the painting. Stares at Marius for a long moment. Then stands, grabs his coat, heads for the door.