8) 2) text: Girls press their breasts and necks up against the limousine. Thump! Thump! Fan after female fan flings herself on the car. Groupies scream with pure excitement. Confusion of screams as the door to the limo opens. The crowd's scream reaches a fever pitch as... James, Alex and Maudy climb out, ogle at the sight. ROGER SMYTHE, their business manager (40s), gets out next, hustling them through the crowd. A wave of hysteria hits the fans. Roger hustles the band through the crowd and up the stairs into the church, past the giant billboard with their own images written huge, Lestat's smiling face above them all and the announcement -- LESTAT -- LIVE &amp; UNDEAD -- OCTOBER 31, ALL HALLOW'S E DEATH VALLEY, U.S.A.
9) 0) text: A high-tech conference room. The band, sitting up front, is faced by an audience of over fifty journalists and then another fifty photographers and TV cameras. The room crackles with anticipation. Roger steps to the podium.
9) 4) dialog: May I present the Vampire Lestat.
9) 11) dialog: Hey, hey! We're gonna keep this short here! One at a time. You!
27) 4) text: Behind them, Roger sits pensively watching. Surreptitiously, he glances down at a book on his lap -- its title Vampires -- The Occult Truth. He talks on a phone.
27) 5) dialog: Yeah, Phil. We'll need a limo from the airport. I don't know which airfield yet... I don't know the arrival time either.
27) 10) dialog: (sighs) Yeah... I'll call you from the plane... Nope, I'll tell the driver where he's taking us... Hey I don't even know myself... pick up address in London?... Forget it... you'd never find this place. Christ we'll probably have changed houses again by then... What can I say, the guy's just...
27) 12) dialog: (softly) -- just uh... shy... that's it... shy.
28) 0) text: Lestat slides into a high "C" leaning into the microphone, catching his own reflection in the booth's window, and -- CRACK -- GLASS SPLINTERS. Roger jumps out of his skin, stifling a cry.
30) 9) text: THROUGH the broken glass we see Roger slump into a chair, his nerves totally frayed.
30) 11) text: Unhooking their instruments, Alex and James start to pack up as Maudy slowly approaches Lestat and nuzzles his neck. He shivers with temptation. Her hand moves down the front of his pants. Lestat pulls her into his arms. Leaning into her neck he breathes in her scent, closes his eyes and... Suddenly opens them right at Roger who looks on, extremely perturbed. Smiling like the devil...
30) 13) text: Roger stares on, terrified.
30) 17) text: He goes directly to Roger, reaches into his open shirt, pulls out the crucifix around his neck.
30) 19) text: Roger tries to laugh it off. Lestat sniffs the air. As Roger backs away, he turns to open the door, stumbles, cutting his hand on a fallen shard of glass. Blood trickles from the cut. Roger looks up at Lestat whose dark eyes stare intensely at Roger's blood. Roger quickly sticks his hand in his mouth. With a horrified expression, he realizes he's sucking his blood. He quickly heads out. But Lestat is faster and reaches into Roger's shirt pocket. Pulls out a clove of garlic. shakes his head with a smile.
30) 25) text: Lestat walks away.    Roger exhales with relief.
44) 2) text: He quickly puts the violin back, closes the safe door. He shakes his head, tries to laugh it off. But a shadow remains on his face. Lestat hears a gasp. Turns. Roger has just entered.
44) 3) dialog: I didn't see you come in.
44) 5) dialog: So this house is fine I assume. To your liking?
44) 10) dialog: We'll be here for what?    A week you think?
44) 12) dialog: (sighs) Right... the... girls you asked for. They're in the guest wing.
44) 15) dialog: Do you want me to take them home later?
44) 18) text: Roger nods, trying to hide his nervousness.      Lestat smiles...
70) 0) text: Behind him now we see a cab pull over. It's Jesse, trailing Roger. She gazes at him intently.
70) 1) text: Roger's back is TO us as he talks to a Goth girl in a whisper.
73) 0) text: Roger now stands there, a nervous look on his face.
73) 1) dialog: The... girls you asked for, Lestat. They're here, in the guest wing.
73) 3) dialog: I was uh... just gonna go catch a movie at the Chinese. I don't suppose you'd all want to... Lestat smiles at the clumsy attempt to protect the girls.
74) 0) text: Roger and Lestat walk in.   A young GROUPIE giggles nervously.
74) 8) dialog: (surprised, relieved) Sure. Right this way, girls.
74) 11) text: The other groupie pouts, disappointed. She goes out with Roger. Lestat turns to Jesse... considers her...
86) 0) text: Backstage is all abuzz with pre-show energy; press everywhere. Roger still worrying and sweating. James, Alex and Maudy sit in their own circle, jamming with their unplugged instruments, psyching themselves up for the biggest night of their lives.
87) 0) text: Lestat stretches out with his eyes closed as the sounds of the DRUMMING crowd begin to make the whole van shudder. Roger pops his head in.
87) 1) dialog: They're getting pretty worked up out there.
90) 0) text: Roger is trying to manage the building chaos backstage as the FIRE MARSHAL and several firemen follow after him.
90) 2) dialog: I told you I don't know anything about it!
90) 3) text: A WALKIE-TALKIE distracts the Fire Marshal long enough to allow Roger to run.
90) 7) dialog: Last time I work for a bloody vampire...
90) 11) text: Suddenly the wooden platform beneath Lestat begins to buckle under his feet. Fragments of WOOD EXPLODE upwards around Lestat. Marius loses his balance and staggers backwards... Fragments of sharp wood fly into the audience. Jesse raises her hands to protect herself. She looks up. Freezes. Akasha rises up through the stage. Beautiful and terrifying. She grabs Lestat and the two of them shoot up into the air. The crowd stares in awe. Jesse is frozen. Roger, the Fire Marshal, the band, everyone is frozen. Talbot stares up at Akasha, his face white, unable to believe his eyes. Even the Ancient Ones are stunned to see their Queen come to life. Scaffolds collapse in an EXPLOSION OF ELECTRICAL SPARKS... (NOTE: Practical explosion.) The Ancient Ones stare up into the sky as... Akasha and Lestat vanish. Jesse stares in horror after them.