4) 9) text: Rising from his victim we see for the first time the revitalized face of this creature, a mane of blond hair frames the beautiful features of the VAMPIRE LESTAT -- his bulbous lips glistening red.
6) 11) text: James and Alex look at the door on the other side of the attic -- they should have seen him. Maudy stares at Lestat, quite taken by the handsome vampire's looks -- Drinking Maudy in with his eyes --
8) 0) text: Through the crowd, a very long, black limousine snakes its way toward the building. Rows of fans dressed as Goths, ghouls and vampires scream out...
15) 1) text: A grand party is in progress. There are about thirty vampires, all thin, pale and beautiful. An eclectic group, elegantly-dressed in Indian silks, Arabic veils, mixed with a few gaudy Versace outfits. Guests lean into each other's necks, showing blood-red tongues and fangs.
15) 6) dialog: Ah, Jesse. You want to come and play with us, don't you?
15) 9) dialog: Soon, soon, little one. I'll make sure you're with us forever.
27) 4) text: Behind them, Roger sits pensively watching. Surreptitiously, he glances down at a book on his lap -- its title Vampires -- The Occult Truth. He talks on a phone.
27) 11) text: Shaking his head, Phil glances down at his vampire book. Looking back up he see Lestat now staring at him intensely while he sings.
33) 0) text: A great round room encircled with candles, their reflections flickering in the great glass windows braving back the outside STORM. A huge antique bed sits in the room's center, and on it... Lestat lays feverish and fitful, dressed in a soft linen nightshirt. His neck wears a swollen bite. Another flash of lightning suddenly jolts him awake. His hands feel the inflamed wound as he sees... An indistinct shape of a man dressed in draping red velvet, sitting asleep in a chair across the room. An easel stands before him, holding an unseen painting. Lestat rises out of the bed and grabs his clothes from a nearby Louis IV chair. He makes for a door when... Lestat suddenly stops. He looks back to see the painting that stands on the easel. It's a portrait of himself in ancient Roman garb, like the god Mars, complete with his blond hair and fiery blue eyes. Unable to help himself, he approaches the painting, completely fascinated by his own image, when suddenly... The sleeping man leaps up, grabs   Lestat unmercifully an again plunges his teeth into the   young man's neck. Lestat fights as best he can but   his strength is no mat as he's slowly drawn down to the   floor. Finally... The strange man lifts himself up from Lestat's neck to reveal the face of the vampire MARIUS, the mysterious figure. Wiping his blooded mouth on his painter's cloth --
34) 7) text: The fisherman is moaning. Looking down at the suffering victim, Marius swiftly snaps his neck and dumps him into a boat. He picks up an oar, and with vampire strength, drives it like a stake through the bottom of the boat. Water starts bubbling in.
34) 14) text: Marius gazes at the fisherman, then, with vampire strength, shoves the boat far out into the ocean.
40) 0) text: The music is part blues, part Kurt Weil, part Gothic, dark and ominous as if the pianist knew exactly the sort of trouble Jesse was in. The bar is comprised of elaborately-carved Chinese dragons, a TV mounted incongruously in the corner showing a silent Vampire Lestat video. Couples dance cheek to cheek, rotating like figures on a music box. Another couple is necking hot and heavy in the corner. Jesse stares at the patrons of this vampire coven. Many of the faces are unnaturally pale, gaunt. Their eyes shine with a strange, reflective light. Jesse moves through the tables, passing a mortal YUPPIE-TYPE sitting with a VAMPIRE GIRL he's obviously just met that night.
40) 3) text: The Vampire Girl smiles, glances up at Jesse as she passes. Jesse looks away quickly, moves on... The pianist watches as she passes by. The couple necking in the corner begins to get even more aroused. A mortal girl sips on her drink while her lover, a vampire, kisses her shoulder, her throat...
40) 7) text: We watch the Punk Vampires and hear every word they say as the other SOUNDS FADE AWAY.
40) 9) text: REVEAL unknown POV. A vampire, face hidden behind a hood, seems extremely interested in what the Punk Vampires are saying.
40) 12) text: ... a brief glimpse of the tiny trickle of blood on the mortal girl's neck as she swoons... an even briefer flash as her vampire lover comes up for air, his lips and teeth shiny with blood...
40) 23) text: Jesse finds herself surrounded by the three Vampires. She shakes her head, too frightened to get out a response.
40) 26) text: She peers into the darkness, starts moving towards the door... Finds herself blocked by Punk Vampire #2.
40) 33) text: The Punk Vampires laugh.     Jesse desperately tries to cover her terror.
40) 40) text: Jesse again heads for the door. But Punk Vampire #1 has appeared in front of her. She stares at him, terrified.
40) 43) text: Jesse watches the other Punk Vampires slowly begin to close in on her. As she speaks, she slowly edges to the door...
40) 47) text: The Punk Vampires pause, staring at her, as her words sink in. The hooded figure leans forward revealing his face... It is Lestat. He stares at Jesse, amazed. Jesse glances desperately at the door. It's just a few feet away now.
40) 52) text: All around her, vampires are turning to look. The Punk Vampires stare at her, eyes narrowing. Jesse is now inches from the door. She can barely breathe. Punk Vampire #1 gazes at her, his confusion suddenly turning to anger.
40) 54) text: He bares his fangs. Jesse bolts out the door... PAN ACROSS vampire faces staring after Jesse TO Lestat who gazes at her, absolutely entranced. He watches the Punk Vampires head after Jesse.
41) 0) text: Jesse hurries up the alley. Breaks into a run. But the three Punk Vampires from the bar have somehow gotten outside. They land in front of her, beside her, behind her. Heart racing, she shakes with fear. They close in, smiling.
41) 2) text: He runs his hand up and down her body. Jesse starts to shake. She breaks out in a cold sweat. The others grin. He picks her up by the throat. Her legs flail in the air... Suddenly, the two vampires turn and hiss like cats. Jesse hits the flagstones hard with a grunt. She gasps for air, looks up as the vampires are hurled out of the alley by an invisible force. Jesse alone, turns, still woozy. Finds herself staring at... Lestat... Jesse's eyes open wide, entirely stunned. He drinks her in with his eyes, marking the soft paleness of her skin, her long, red hair, the flush on her cheeks, her pulsing jugular.
41) 8) text: Jesse notices her rucksack cast aside by the Punk Vampires -- Lestat's journal sticks out. She glances at Lestat. He mustn't see it. She steps away, tries to distract him.
53) 2) text: Lestat? The young vampire's eyes bulge open in the grip of some incredible sensation, smiling the most wicked of smiles. Lestat's chest heaves upward, pulling his body with it, only to be jerked back by the manacles that hold him to the bed.
65) 0) text: No mortals in sight. Amongst various vampires, we spy the Vampire Lover talking to the Punk Vampire who tried to attack Jesse.
66) 0) text: The vampire doorman opens the door and peers out.   A figure moves towards him...
67) 15) text: Akasha sinks her fangs into his neck and at the same time, plunges her hand down. We can't see where... We STAY ON Vampire Lover's face as Akasha disappears FROM FRAME. The sound of BONE SNAPPING, the SQUISH of RIPPING LOUD SUCKING. A look of horror appears on Vampire Lover's face. Akasha REAPPEARS. In her hand, she now holds...
67) 22) text: Akasha turns to the terrified barman again, pulls him over the bar and attacks him as if she were just reaching for a snack. He flails but is overwhelmed by her strength... The Vampire Girl who Jesse saw vanish with the Yuppie, flies towards Akasha, knife raised, but Akasha just turns... Suddenly there is an EXPLOSION of FLAMES. The Vampire Girl screams as she is consumed. The piano player and guitar player go up in flames... All hell breaks loose as the other vampires run for the door. The lock won't budge and it's too late anyway as the flames overwhelm them... And THROUGH the flames, we see Akasha smiling, now sucking on the Punk Vampire's aorta like it's a straw. She tosses his body, her long tongue slowly licks her bloody, thirsty lips. She strides out through the flames. In a whispery, sing-song voice.
68) 0) text: Marius stands in the hills by the Hollywood sign, gazing down, his brow furrowed, at Lestat's fortress-like mansion hidden in the canyon below. The WIND BLOWS the trees, bushes. Marius turns, uneasy, sensing something, peers into the shadows cast by the brightly-lit sign. Marius stares as a figure emerges from the shadows. It is Mael, a vampire, his face hidden in a cloak.
76) 0) text: Lestat and Jesse quietly move among the trees. Lestat stops on a dime -- senses tuned. He looks into the dark. Jesse is about to speak when Lestat raises his finger to her lips and then points at... A couple of lovers moving across the meadow. They sit on a park bench. The woman giggles drunkenly. Jesse watches and gasps as she realizes the male lover is a vampire. Lestat moves forward. Jesse gingerly follows. Taking his lover in his arms the vampire begins to bite her neck... Lestat looks over at Jesse who watches, fascinated and disturbed. The vampire senses another's presence -- stops and turns to reveal his vampire eyes shining in the dark. Lestat steps into the halo of a street lamp and hisses. Sensing Lestat's power, the vampire hisses and instantly -- the vampire is gone. Jesse turns to Lestat but he has disappeared, too. Spinning around again she sees... Lestat hovering over the mortal woman who is still in a swoon. Checking to see that the vampire is gone, Jesse moves closer to the bench.
80) 0) text: Jesse moves down the hallway past paintings of vampires. She pauses at one of Maharet. As Jesse shifts, the glass over the painting catches Jesse's reflection. Jesse moves slowly until her face just covers Maharet's. In the reflection, Jesse's eyes now glow with Maharet's luminescence. Jesse stares a long, long moment.
83) 2) text: Jesse walks away from the house. Coming to a highway, she reads a sign -- "DEATH VALLEY 120 miles." Just then, a VW minibus barrels down the road in Jesse's direction. She sticks out her thumb... The minibus pulls to a stop on the shoulder in a cloud of dust. A VAMPIRE DRIVER leans out the window -- not a real vampire, just a kid with white face-paint and fake fangs.
83) 4) text: Jesse peers past the driver to a crowd of Goths and fake vampires. THE VAMPIRE LESTAT BLARES FROM the SPEAKERS.
89) 14) text: The vampires move through the crowd. Goth girls in the front row, weeping... Maudy, James and Alex off in the clouds, playing the best music of their lives. The place has gone wild, living off its own energy now as waves of sound bounce through the valley band up into the night sky.
99) 14) text: Taking his arm, Akasha draws Lestat to her. The Ancient Vampires subtly position themselves under the medieval weapons hanging on the walls, as Marius moves toward his son.