2) 13) dialog: Whoa, excuse me, excuse me. I'll handle that for the Mayor.
2) 16) dialog: No, I'll handle it. I'm gonna take care of-- Everything's good. I got everything under control. (TO RICHIE) That's for me. I handle all that for mayor.
2) 21) text: I don't know what the fuck that is but it's weird you understand? CARL ELWAY
2) 24) text: I'm very interested in meeting the Sheik. You let me know when THAT could happen! Thank you, have a good day. Carmine leaves the room. Irving looks over and shrugs his shoulders. Not surprised all the way this is going and horrified that Richie has ruined it. CARL ELWAY
2) 26) text: (stares at Irv) Go out there and get him right now. CARL ELWAY
35) 8) text: So if you want to get somebody like your con artist friend -- Carl Elway -- you get him to want to buy-
38) 0) text: CARL ELWAY, 40, preppie Waspy, very old fashioned with cigarette holder, but something vaguely criminal about hi in his conservative suit, natty white and red striped shi and navy blue tie sits with Irving.
38) 1) dialog: What's this I hear about a god damn Sheik?! Why you leaving me out of this? I gotta hear about it from my friends?
38) 3) dialog: What do you mean it ain't for me? We gotta do certificates of deposit. I can print as many as you need.
38) 5) dialog: Look, I can get other guys. What are you talking about Irving?
38) 8) text: Yes I can make that happen. Carl Elway can do what he says he's going to do. IRVING ROSENFELD
38) 11) text: Carl, his associates are here. He's got a meeting he's got to go to. CARL ELWAY
38) 15) text: I'll tell them, don't worry. Hey you know what Carl just told me? He said he could do this whole thing with four guys within a week. CARL ELWAY
38) 20) text: Huge? Like what? (introducing himself) Robert Spencer, advisor to the Sheik. CARL ELWAY
38) 21) text: Carl Elway. Irv stares at Richie with contempt, then turns to Edith, DRESSED TO THE NINES. CARL ELWAY (CONT'D)
38) 22) text: I want you to think of the most undervalued asset in the state of New Jersey today. The rebuilding of Atlantic City. Richie looks over at Irving and Sydney and mouths the wor "WOW". CARL ELWAY (CONT'D)
38) 24) text: Hey, quit while you're ahead Carl. CARL ELWAY
38) 26) text: Whose the guy? CARL ELWAY