27) 0) text: DANNY is on the bed, picture books, baseball cards, sprea all around him. Irv stands holding the picture. Danny loo over his shoulder.
27) 2) dialog: 
27) 7) dialog: That kid Donovan is being mean to me.
27) 9) dialog: She was late, and then after we put out the fire, mommy said stay in my room with my baseball cards. Danny reaches across to Irving and takes his glasses off face and puts them on.
27) 11) dialog: Did you know they make a lamp that has the sun in it? [Irv looks at him] Mommy got the lamp. She made her special drink and the lamp made a fire. Irv looks concerned.
28) 16) text: You know that I could take Danny. You know that most of your work is illegal. And you know that if you tried to divorce me, you know that-- I'm not saying that I would, but I'm saying that I could. And I'm saying that that is why I don't like divorce, Irving. Women do that in divorces. Women get the children, and then the fathers never see them. My mother never got divorced. My grandmother never got divorced. There are NO divorces in my family. I am not getting a divorce. IRVING ROSENFELD
34) 3) text: What about Danny? SYDNEY PROSSER
34) 4) text: What about Danny? IRVING ROSENFELD
34) 6) text: That's a manipulation! Rosalyn's will never let you go. She'll use Danny against you because she's too messed up to let you leave. IRVING ROSENFELD
34) 13) text: We do have something. I love you, it's perfect! What are you saying? We're gonna go to Romania? We're gonna take Danny? SYDNEY PROSSER
34) 14) text: Yes. Yes, that's what I'm saying. You, me, Danny.
34) 18) text: I can't leave Danny. I'll lose custody. SYDNEY PROSSER
58) 2) text: "Don't put metal in the science oven, don't put metal in the science oven, Rosalyn"...always treats me like a fucking child. I'll do whatever I want. She puts the tin foil lasagna into microwave. After a few moments it sparks, explodes into flames. DANNY RUNS IN.
58) 5) text: (grabbing a fire extinguisher) No, Danny, not that one! That one's empty! We gotta use the big one!
96) 0) text: Rosalyn fixes Danny's coat, hands him his lunch and sends off towards the school's front door -- CLOSE UP: ROSALYN STARES INTO LENS. Emotional, a mixture sadness and hope. She holds a closed bottle of her favori nail finish and smells it nostalgically.
100) 0) text: 170   Rosalyn in full muumuu, wearing cleaning gloves and vacuum sings to LIVE AND LET DIE while Danny sits on the couch watching her. Very intense.
105) 0) text: Rosalyn sits on the bed with Danny with clothes all over place while smoking a cigarette.
105) 2) dialog: Daddy's a sick son of a bitch?
107) 0) text: Rosalyn is still sitting on the bed with Danny. IRVING ROSENFELD (O.S.)
111) 9) text: Danny. Come here buddy alright? Go draw a picture or something. Irving ushers Danny out of the room.
111) 11) text: You're a real sick son of a bitch for screaming at me like that in front of Danny. IRVING ROSENFELD
114) 1) text: I can save all of us, and we can save money. I can take care of you and Danny. OK? But you gotta close your mouth. Rosalyn looks satisfied and points her finger at Irving. ROSALYN ROSENFELD
136) 11) text: I'm done with this nail finish. Bye for now. I'll see you next weekend. Irving nods. Rosalyn drives off with Pete. Sydney stands with Danny. IRVING ROSENFELD (V.O.)
136) 12) text: Our conning days were behind us. Irving and Sydney walk hand and hand with Danny down the street. Irv drops the nail finish into a trashcan. IRVING ROSENFELD (V.O.)