50) 3) dialog: It's beautiful.
50) 5) dialog: It's the Piccata of the gods! She pulls away awkwardly, waiter refills her glass which throws back right away. Irv looks concerned. They all drink. 101   CUT TO - LATER: Carmine and Irving talk.
50) 13) text: (shows her nails) I chip them moving furniture, it's my obsession -- Moving, re- decorating, it makes me feel better like exercise. There's this top coat that you can only get from Switzerland and I don't know what I'm going to do because I'm running out of it but I LOVE the smell of it. DOLLY POLITO
62) 57) text: (on phone) This is a really big night for us, you understand? Come on, you gotta bring your wife. And Dolly's got somethin' special for her. Dolly is getting dressed for the party in the background. DOLLY POLITO
62) 59) text: See? Listen! DOLLY POLITO
65) 2) dialog: Tell them everything you know. The trompe l'oeil.
65) 5) dialog: We don't do new. We renovate. Carmine leads all of them through the very crowded lobby he talks. Irving listens intently, moved.
67) 23) text: How you guys doing? Everybody over there is really scared of you guys, you know that? She knocks back the prosecco. She seems relieved. Dolly ushers her kids to the door. DOLLY POLITO
70) 60) text: That's real nice. DOLLY POLITO
70) 62) text: This is my husbands whore! Dolly escorts Edith over to one side of the room away fro Rosalyn. DOLLY POLITO
90) 6) text: Dolly Polito, checking the unwatered plants in her husban office with her coat on, she has just stopped by. Turns a holds up a parched and dying houseplant.
90) 7) dialog: This is sad. It's just sad.
90) 9) dialog: Ok, sorry. Everyone out. Go out.
127) 15) text: I was gone, I left! DOLLY WALKS IN. DOLLY POLITO
127) 17) text: (very upset) No, please, Dolly, just go upstairs. Take the kids and go upstairs! DOLLY POLITO
127) 28) text: Please get out of my house, Irving. Will you please leave? I'm asking you nicely, please leave. Irving gets up to go and is pushed towards the door by Carmine. Dolly joins Carmine in tears. Carmine's kids sta on the stairs. DOLLY POLITO