20) 0) text: Kuribayashi walks along the sand with his walking stick. He stops when he sees Baron Nishi approaching, sand flying from his horse's heels.
20) 12) dialog: Yes, of course. I’ve been looking forward to serving under you. One who understands horses the way I do.
20) 14) dialog: I could send for another horse and we could ride together, General.
20) 16) dialog: My stallion, Uranus? + He pulls out a picture of Uranus, a stallion of Anglo- Norman stock, and shows it to Kuribayashi.
20) 18) dialog: The Italians thought I was doing them a favor, getting rid of him to me. No one could tame the beast, but I told them ‘If that’s a really headstrong horse, it’s just the one for me, a headstrong man.’ They share a laugh.
20) 30) dialog: I understand. It’s hard to know what’s really going on these days.
20) 32) dialog: I think that can be arranged, sir. INT. OFFICER’S QUARTERS - NIGHT 25 Kuribayashi and Baron Nishi sit at a table with cups of sake before them. The COOK enters and serves them plates of fish and rice. He then continues to place empty plates on the table.
20) 56) dialog: I'm sure it will be, sir.
20) 59) dialog: General, there is no longer any Combined Fleet.
20) 61) dialog: I guess you haven’t heard about what happened with Operation A-Go ten days ago. (MORE)
20) 71) dialog: If you want my honest opinion, the best thing to do would be to sink this island to the bottom of the sea. Baron Nishi takes a large gulp of the sake. Kuribayashi is speechless, his jovial mood wiped out.
20) 73) dialog: Well, I figured your men were going to need all the tanks I could bring. This brings a light smile back.
29) 37) text: Fresh from a ride,. Baron Nishi fondly brushes his horse' coat.
29) 38) dialog: Hey, Jupiter. That's a good boy.
30) 29) text: 4l 42 39. CONTINUED : Al Kuribayashi turns towards Baron Nishi. = «
30) 31) dialog: I just thought I'd warn you, sir, to keep an eye on your commanders.
30) 35) dialog: Excuse me. He bows to them and starts to leave, when the WAIL of an AIR RAID SIREN interrupts their greetings. The SIRENS are immediately followed by the DRONE of approaching B- 24s. : Kuribayashi grabs his paperwork. The men quickly make their way out of the tent. -
31) 11) dialog: Jupiter!
32) 0) text: Baron Nishi rushes out to the pen. The horse lies dead on the ground. Baron Nishi goes over to it. Falls on his knees, devastated. Pets its neck.
34) 14) text: Ke 5 51 INT. BARON NISHI’S QUARTERS - NIGHT
34) 16) text: Baron Nishi composes a letter.
45) 0) text: Baron Nishi stands by his men as they load a concealed tank unit.
45) 1) dialog: Fire! The FORCE of the FIRE causes the tank to recoil.
64) 12) dialog: There is to be no attack.
64) 14) dialog: Kuribayashi countermanded Sato’s order. There is to be no attack.
64) 16) dialog: Lieutenant, may I remind you of your rank. Your disrespect of your senior officers puts your men at needless risk and compromises the island’s general defense strategy.
67) 0) text: Lt. Ito, with the bomb still strapped to his back, finds FIVE DEAD BODIES along what looks like a logical route of advancement. He settles himself among the dead bodies, FLIES BUZZING around him. He stares at the sky above in silence, waiting for the tanks to come. EXT. BARON NISHI’S CAVE - MORNING 96 GUNFIRE and TANK BLASTING ECHO through the mountains. Saigo and Shimizu are assigned the strenuous duty of loading a SPIGOT MORTAR. Loading and BLASTING. The SHELL makes a WHIRRING noise as it flies through the air. Three American tanks are taken out as they head along the 3rd Motoyama airfield. Now in the daylight hours, the Americans take a beating. Trying to advance along the airstrip, they are mercilessly slaughtered. One GRENADE-BEARING MARINE bravely rushes out, throwing a grenade into a fortified pillbox in the hillside. He is immediately SHOT down.
67) 12) dialog: Bring him in. BARON NISHI’S CAVE ~ LATER 98 Okubo and Shimizu drag Sam in. He’s about Shimizu’s age, not more than 17 or 18.
67) 14) dialog: No, have Medic Endo treat him. They look at him surprised. MEDIC ENDO turns from bandaging a minor wound on another soldier. OKUBO. But sir...
67) 15) dialog: You would expect the same if it were the other way around, wouldn’t you? Medic Endo approaches them.
67) 18) dialog: What. do you know of Americans? Have you ever met an American, young boy?
67) 26) dialog: I have. | (to™Medic Endo) Give it to him. The three begrudgingly comply and help Sam over to the back. The medic administers to his wounds.
68) 0) text: Lt. Ito still lies patiently among the bodies waiting for a tank to arrive. 100 INT. BARON NISHI’S CAVE - NIGHT. 100 Baron Nishi takes a swig from a sake bottle. Sam lies on a bedroll, a bandage wrapped around his chest. ,
68) 1) dialog: How is the prisoner doing?
68) 3) dialog: I will question the prisoner for information. Okubo looks at him suspiciously. Baron Nishi approaches Sam and converses with him in English.
68) 4) dialog: (in English) Where are you from, soldier?
68) 6) dialog: No, I mean what is your home town? Tense, Sam doesn’t answer.
68) 7) dialog: I lived in California for a while. Do you know of Mary Pickford? Or Douglas Fairbanks?
68) 15) dialog: I took my picture with them. It was in the papers. Sam loosens up a bit.
68) 17) dialog: I was in the Los Angeles Olympics. Sam’s eyes widen.
68) 19) dialog: That's a picture of me and my horse jumping. Sam weakly tries to get up to see it.
68) 21) dialog: Takeichi.
70) 3) dialog: (in English) What is this music? Sam's eyes flutter, half conscious.
70) 5) dialog: Swing music? Is it what they play in the clubs now? Listening to the MUSIC, Baron Nishi seems to be in another place and time. He looks to Sam, but there is no response. Baron Nishi looks to Medic Endo.
71) 37) text: 107 108 79. EXT. GULLY - MORNING - » . 107 Lt. Ito has once more settled himself among the dead bodies. He stares up into the sky. The distant strains of the RADIO MUSIC can still be heard. INT. BARON NISHI’S CAVE - MORNING 108 Baron Nishi notices Sam’s pale complexion. Baron Nishi comes to him.
71) 38) dialog: (in English) Hey. He touches him gently and realizes he is dead. Baron Nishi looks discouraged. He covers the boy’s body with a blanket. As he does so, he notices a PIECE OF PAPER in the soldier’s shirt pocket. He pulls it out. Okubo notices Baron Nishi pull out the paper.
71) 40) dialog: No, it’s just a letter. He reads through it.
71) 42) dialog: It’s from his mother. (translating) ‘I have mailed you a couple of books to read. I hope you like them. Yesterday, the dogs dug a hole under the fence. They ran all the way down the neighborhood and terrorized the Harrisons’ roosters before we found them.’
71) 49) dialog: ‘Don't worry about us. Just take care of yourself and come back safely. Remember what I said to you -- always do what's right because it is right. I pray for a speedy end to the war and your safe return.’ The soldiers are silent. Suddenly, a BARRAGE of SHELLING and GUNFIRE ERUPTS. The men, quickly go to their posts. They FIRE at the advancing Americans with MACHINE GUNS and RIFLES. Baron Nishi directs his men at the front.
72) 0) text: Saigo and Shimizu carry a mortar from the cave to reload their spigot, when a BOMB BLAST hits their machine, putting it out of commission. Another large BLAST hits the cave. Baron Nishi reels back, his face covered in blood.
76) 0) text: Soldiers spot the supplies parachuting. At first, they CHEER loudly. But as they land, the soldiers soon realize they are irretrievable. A few brave souls make a mad dash out towards the supplies, but are easy targets and are immediately GUNNED DOWN. INT. BARON NISHI’S CAVE ~ NIGHT 117 Baron Nishi feels around for his bottle of sake. It’s empty. He opens his canteen, shakes it, turns it over. _ It’s also. empty.
76) 1) dialog: Okubo, come -here.
76) 11) dialog: Okubo, listen. You're now in charge of the men.
76) 15) dialog: We can no longer hold this area. You must guide the rest of the men up to Kitano Point. They should hold out there as long as possible. Take whatever food and ammo we have left.
76) 19) text: Baron Nishi chuckles.
76) 20) dialog: I’m tired of sharing this cave with all of you. I’m a one man show from here on.
76) 22) dialog: Okubo, you're trying my patience. Your first order of business should be to find some water.
76) 31) dialog: Do your best, men. Fight bravely for our Emperor and homeland, but above all.else, do what’s right because it’s right.
76) 34) dialog: Thank you, Okubo. Okubo leads Baron Nishi to a stool to sit down on, and leaves a rifle in his hand. Okubo and the men slowly exit the cave, looking at Nishi as they leave.
76) 35) dialog: The men make their way out of the cave. Baron Nishi pulls out a pistol and puts it to his head. The sound of SWING MUSIC wafts in the air, whether in his head or not, it is unclear. As the men make their way around the mountain, they hear a SINGLE GUNSHOT. Okubo pauses and the other men look at each other. Okubo continues on without a word.