10) 16) dialog: You there! The Bicyclist halts.
10) 17) dialog: You should not be riding right in the middle of the street like that. What if there were an air raid or a military convoy coming through here? The Bicyclist looks frightened. He bows in compliance.
10) 19) dialog: Get off to one side there. The Bicyclist complies. Officer Iwasaki turns to Shimizu.
10) 29) dialog: Remember, Shimizu, as Kempeitai, you have all the authority, so don’t be intimidated by a person's age. You have complete control.
11) 0) text: Shimizu roughly rummages through PAPERS. A JOURNALIST, late forties, watches nervously, while Captain Iwasaki stands before him.
11) 2) dialog: You are suspected of violating the Peace Preservation Law. Shimizu continues to go through papers and magazines, throwing useless ones on the floor.
11) 15) dialog: Shimizu, I’1l find the articles. Take care®of him. Shimizu nods in compliance and strong-arms the Journalist.
78) 8) dialog: You must always be firm, Shimizu. Any hesitation and people will know that they can’t respect you. 86. 120 121
78) 16) dialog: That house does not have the flag displayed. Go sort it out, Shimizu.
78) 22) dialog: Get that dog to shut up. The DOG continues to BARK incessantly.
78) 35) dialog: That dog is a nuisance. It’s i disruptive of army communications. | i
78) 37) dialog: Shimizu, dispose of the dog immediately. We can’t have a dog interfering with important military commands. Shimizu pauses.
80) 2) dialog: Good. They start to leave, when a BARK is heard from inside the house. Shimizu’s face falters. Captain Iwasaki looks back at him. Angrily, Iwasaki marches back to the door. He bursts in without knocking. Momentarily, a SHOT is heard along with a sharp WHIMPER. A commotion is heard inside, with the MOTHER SHOUTING along with CHILDREN CRYING. Shimizu closes his eyes. Captain Iwasakai emerges. from the house and storms out towards Shimizu.
80) 3) dialog: Are you trying to make.a fool out of me?
80) 16) dialog: If you can’t even shoot a. dog, you'll never be able to handle the Reds. END OF FLASHBACK.