14) 0) text: General Kuribayashi, with a company of army soldiers, marches through the local village. Ever his shadow, Lt. Fujita marches alongside him. It’s a small town with a dusty main street, a bar, general store and single-story houses bedecked with banners. Children, women and grandparents run out to greet the men with Rising Sun flags and cheer them on. Kuribayashi notices a collection of idle TANKS in the village with a few ARMY MECHANICS working on them.
24) 0) text: Kuribayashi walks along the hillside with a gaggle of Officers struggling to keep up with him. Admiral Ohsugi, aging 57-year-old COLONEL ADACHI and MAJ. GENERAL SATO are among them. Finally, Kuribayashi comes to a stop and turns to the officers. ‘ KURIBAYASHI Our strategy will be to take a defensive position and use the terrain to our advantage. We will build caves and tunnels in the mountains, place our artillery along this ridge and Suribachi.
24) 3) dialog: General Kuribayashi, you must understand that the trenches are the first line of defense. We must resume work on the beaches.
24) 17) dialog: So we build tunnels and caves in the mountains?
24) 21) dialog: The strategy should be to force the ships in for a heavy air attack.
24) 36) dialog: We won't be able to last five days without air support.
30) 0) text: Admiral Ohsugi walks in the direction of the airstrip. Behind him, his AIDE follows, carrying his bags. General Sato sees him on the way. They stop and salute each other.
30) 3) dialog: We may have had our differences, but I’m truly sorry to see you go. Admiral Ohsugi starts on his way again, then stops.
30) 5) dialog: I understand. There are many of us whose sentiments are with you. Ohsugi continues on.
41) 0) text: Kuribayashi peers through his binoculars. General Sato and Admiral Ichimaru stand at his side, also monitoring the activity. He sees GUNBOATS and DESTROYERS approaching the island.
41) 15) dialog: The Americans will have the beach in no time if there is no resistance.
43) 1) text: See how they’ve bunched up there on the beach? There’s no room to advance or retreat. General Sato looks through his binoculars.
63) 0) text: Shimizu and Saigo, wiped from their ordeals, SNORE like two chainsaws. They are kicked awake by one of ITO’S SOLDIERs. ITO’S SOLDIER Get up! Shimizu and Saigo slowly get up. ITO’S SOLDIER Major General Sato is leading a general attack. Our men are to join him.
63) 1) text: But General Kuribayashi’s orders are to remain in the caves. ITO’S SOLDIER Lieutenant Ito says Kuribayashi is ‘a weak American sympathizer. INT. MOTOYAMA CAVES -— NIGHT 90 Lt. Ito gathers his force of about 25 soldiers together.
64) 0) text: Lt. Ito's men gather near the cemetery between airfields No. 2 and No. 3. They are behind a gathering of a large group of men, hopelessly disorganized, milling around in the darkness. Lt. Ito approaches one of them. Lt. ITO Where is Major General Sato?