4) 15) dialog: I heard he lived in America. Maybe that’s why he doesn’t want us digging trenches. Maybe he likes the Americans.
4) 17) dialog: I heard from someone in the 204th that another general was supposed to command the island, but he didn’t want the job, so Premier Tojo gave it to Kuribayashi instead.
7) 0) text: Captain Tanida barks commands like a fierce little pit bull. Saigo, Kashiwara and Nozaki stand to attention. 10. 10
26) 5) text: 32 INT. TROOP’S CAVE..—_DAY (DEC. 1944) The soldiers lie on their bedrolls, reading books, 32 writing letters or mending their uniforms. Even though it’s winter, the men are stripped to their undershirts and try to fan themselves in the heat. Saigo reads a BOOK with pictures of Egypt on the cover. Saigo shows Nozaki a page from the book.
26) 7) dialog: That’s some fancy castle.
26) 9) dialog: They must have had a lot of money back then to make a castle. like that for a dead person. Why are you reading a book about Egypt anyway? We’re never going to war over there.
26) 12) dialog: Here comes the new recruit.
26) 22) dialog: You can put your bedroll there, Shimizu. He points to an empty space. Shimizu is about to put his bedroll down, but Saigo tries to prevent him.
26) 24) dialog: {to Shimizu) Don’t mind him. His friend Kashiwara just died. That used to be his spot. Shimizu methodically puts his bedroll out, where Kashiwara’s spot used to be.
26) 28) dialog: Where are you from, Shimizu?
26) 30) dialog: Kanagawa-ken. Ozawa is from there, aren’t you? . OZAWA, a young soldier in his twenties, nods his head.
26) 42) dialog: I trained in Tokyo, too. What camp was it? Shimizu is hesitant again. é SHIMIZU The Koho Kimmu Yoin Yoseijo. Everyone becomes silent. Shimizu turns to continue unpacking his bedroll.
26) 43) text: Nozaki quickly leaves his vicinity and sidles up to Saigo.
26) 44) dialog: Why do you think they put a Kempeitai in our unit?
26) 47) dialog: He went to the Kempeitai military academy.
26) 50) dialog: i He acts like a Kempeitai. And : look at his holster. That’s not standard issue. And are riflemen even supposed to have pistols? He’s been put here to spy on us.
26) 52) dialog: Maybe it’s those letters you’ve been writing. JI think you should be careful what you say, Saigo. \
27) 4) dialog: What?
27) 20) dialog: We ran in to those types at our clothing store as well.
27) 22) dialog: It must be hard on your wife without the shop and without a husband.
31) 0) text: Saigo and the rest of the troop get up and run quickly from the huts seeking shelter. The squadron of planes descends upon them. STRAFING FIRE riddles the earth. Saigo. and. Nozaki jump behind a large rock formation. Shimizu finds shelter in a nearby trench.
32) 16) dialog: I think he’s writing about us. In his reports.
32) 19) dialog: How can you be sure? They watch Shimizu. The GROUND RUMBLES with another bomb blast. OZAWA . Will they ever stop? Day and night. Day and night. It’s driving me nuts! A TIRED SOLDIER in his thirties, tries to sleep in his bedroll, covering his ears. Another EXPLOSION causes debris to rain down from the cave walls. The Tired Soldier finally gets up angrily.
35) 9) text: That’s a nice belt. My wife sent Me one too. Nozaki picks up a similar belt. He looks around the room. Some of the other soldiers have similar belts. He looks at Shimizu.
35) 10) dialog: Doesn’t look like Mr. Kempeitai has a thousand-stitch belt, does he?
37) 0) text: Saigo’s unit is amassed at their position in the volcano dressed in uniform, some wearing their thousand-stitch belts. The entire GROUND SHAKES with each BOMB. Saigo and Nozaki can barely keep upright after each blast.
37) 1) dialog: Maybe they're trying to sink the island.
37) 3) dialog: How many ships do you think there are out there?
37) 17) dialog: Don’t go near the sewers. I heard dysentery is spreading through there.
37) 19) dialog: There’s a pot, at the end of the cave. Saigo takes off.
45) 2) text: EXT. SURIBACHI BEACH — DAY 64 The American marines are FIRED UPON from every direction. MINES BLOW, soldiers fall. Men and machines disintegrate. A marine runs up the beach and throws a grenade into a pillbox. The pillbox & bodies of the Japanese gunners fly. Another marine with a FLAMETHROWER INCINERATES a hidden pillbox and Japanese soldiers run screaming out in flames. INT. SURIBACHI CAVES - DAY oo 65 Shimizu and Nozaki FIRE DOWN on the marines. The flamethrower is GUNNED DOWN. EXT. MOTOYAMA MOUNTAIN -— DAY 66 The chaos of GUNFIRE, SHELLS and HOWLING ROCKETS ECHO through the mountains.
47) 1) text: Saigo, Shimizu, Nozaki and the other men line up in formation. They salute Col. Adachi as he makes his way among the men.
51) 0) text: Shimizu and Nozaki man a machine gun position. The HOWLING of BLASTS and SHELLS ECHOES throughout. Shimizu’s body reverberates as’ he controls the machine gun.
52) 1) dialog: Shoot him. Shimizu aims the gun at him, but it’s jammed, He hits the machine.
52) 12) dialog: What's the matter?