1) 1) text: as they pierce the black sandy dirt of the beach. They dig in and lift. The voice of PVF. KATSUHIRO SAIGO, in his thirties, reads a letter.
1) 10) dialog: To Hanakg. We soldiers dig. We dig .all day. We dig holes where we are to stand when battle comes. Holes just big enough to stand in. Not wide enough to move forward or to move back. Holes where we are expected to fight and stay in until we die, for die we most likely will.
1) 12) dialog: Hanako, now I know what it feels like to dig my own grave. Saigo wipes his face dirtied with the black sand. He has an unrefined look, but with kind eyes and an energetic demeanor. He’s seen enough in life to either make him wise or a wise-ass. A FLAG of the Japanese Navy & Army, bearing the sun motif with banded rays, flutters on the beach encampment. Overhead, a PLANE approaches the island. INT. PLANE HEADED TOWARDS IWO — DAY LT. GENERAL TADAMICHI KURIBAYASHI, fifty-three, staunch and tall, with an air of regality, sits on a bench of the supply plane.
2) 0) text: The black-sanded beach is busy with the activity of soldiers. The men dig at different intervals from one another. PVT. KASHIWARA digs in the hole next to Saigo’s.
2) 1) dialog: Damn this island! The Americans can have it. He continues digging as he mutters.
2) 2) dialog: Nothing grows here, it smells, it’s hot, there are too many damn bugs and there’s no water.
2) 4) dialog: There’s nothing sacred about this island. CAPTAIN TANIDA, late twenties, and sharply dressed, walks along the trenches inspecting. Kashiwara sees him and tries to warn Saigo.
2) 16) dialog: We should just give this island to the Ameritans, and then we can go home.
2) 18) dialog: Sir, I said if we beat the Americans, then we can go home. Captain Tanida looks at Kashiwara.
4) 0) text: The soldiers sit on the sand, eating out of their mess kits. All except Saigo and Kashiwara who watch them hungrily.
4) 13) dialog: A toast to General Kuribayashi. A fine commander. Kashiwara drinks as well.
4) 14) dialog: Mmmmm. Better than sake. PVT. NOZAKI, another soldier in his thirties, comes to join them.
4) 16) dialog: No, stupid. He studied the Americans, so now he knows how to beat them.
4) 18) dialog: You hear a lot of things, Nozaki, but your ears are full of wax! Nozaki brushes him off.
4) 19) dialog: Anyway, you can’t trust anyone from the 204th. They’re part of the Navy. I think this Kuribayashi must be a superb general. Look, we're not digging those damn trenches in the sand anymore, are we?
7) 0) text: Captain Tanida barks commands like a fierce little pit bull. Saigo, Kashiwara and Nozaki stand to attention. 10. 10
8) 2) dialog: Damn Kuribayashi!
12) 0) text: PRIVATE FIRST CLASS YAMAZAKI mans the POSTAL TENT, relaxing with a copy of a magazine. Saigo walks to him and hands over a letter.
12) 2) dialog: I have a lot of family.
12) 4) dialog: Nosey.
12) 6) dialog: Hey, what are you doing? 4 15
12) 15) dialog: Transferred? You mean demoted? Yamazaki tries to ignore the last comment. He reads the letter.
12) 17) dialog: Hey! Private Yamazaki continues blacking out lines. Most of Saigo’s letter is crossed out as he reads/mumbles the rest of the letter. He suddenly LAUGHS out loud.
12) 18) dialog: Give me that back! Yamazaki finishes crossing off the letter so that the only lines that remain are "To Hanako,” and "Hope you are doing well.”
13) 0) text: Saigo and the men have rifle practice. Each soldier gets their turn at hitting a bulls-eye. Kuribayashi stands watching from a distance. One of the soldier’s gun jams and he fiddles with it. Another is slow to aim.
16) 0) text: Saigo is busy cleaning stacks of shoes. Kashiwara approaches him with his own boots.
16) 2) dialog: I have no aim, that’s all. Kashiwara hesitates for a moment, shakes his head and leaves his boots.
19) 10) text: Saigo and other members of his troop tear down a school house, collecting the wood into piles. Captain Tanida inspects another nearby structure.
19) 12) dialog: Hanako, we have a celebrity in our midst. Do you remember Baron Nishi, the Olympic gold medalist in horse jumping? He has just arrived from Tokyo and is stationed here as Commander of the 26th Tank Regiment. The men watch as he rides full speed, and hurdles over a fence. A study in grace and agility. The men CLAP. Baron Nishi smiles and salutes them as he rides on.
19) 14) dialog: Lieutenant Colonel Nishi is very handsome, so I’m sure the rumors of his womanizing skills must be true, but there are no women left on the island to woo. He is friendly with the troops and sometimes talks casually among them. Strange for a Lieutenant.
23) 0) text: Kashiwara and Saigo stare in awe at the beach activity.
23) 3) dialog: You don’t look so good. Are you all right?
26) 5) text: 32 INT. TROOP’S CAVE..—_DAY (DEC. 1944) The soldiers lie on their bedrolls, reading books, 32 writing letters or mending their uniforms. Even though it’s winter, the men are stripped to their undershirts and try to fan themselves in the heat. Saigo reads a BOOK with pictures of Egypt on the cover. Saigo shows Nozaki a page from the book.
26) 6) dialog: Look at this picture.
26) 8) dialog: You know who that castle was made for? Somebody who was already dead.
26) 10) dialog: (ignoring) We'll be lucky if we even get a hole in the ground when we’re dead.
26) 14) dialog: That’s right. Saigo continues reading his book.
26) 23) dialog: There’s another empty space at the back end of the cave.
26) 25) dialog: But. we are all going to die. That’s our plan, isn’t it?
26) 27) dialog: Kashiwara died of honorable | dysentery.
26) 43) text: Nozaki quickly leaves his vicinity and sidles up to Saigo.
26) 45) dialog: He’s not wearing the white arm band. He’s not Kempeitai.
26) 48) dialog: Maybe he flunked out. Nozaki notices a holstered PISTOL on Shimizu's belt.
26) 51) dialog: Why would he spy on us?
27) 1) dialog: Weed soup again? They look over towards Shimizu, who stands behind them in line.
27) 3) dialog: We'll be dead before the Americans even get here. And you would think with all my war effort contributions, we should be eating kasutera cakes or sandwiches.
27) 5) dialog: I ran a bakery shop in Tokyo with my wife. We sold kasutera and ampan cakes, back when we could still get sugar. Saigo motions towards Shimizu.
27) 19) dialog: His kempeitai brethren used to come in 4nd take what they wanted. Said it was for the war effort.
27) 21) dialog: When we started making sandwiches, they took those too. And when we ran out of meat and just had bread, they still came. Finally, they took our baking equipment for the metal and we were out of business. {a beat) I should have been a fisherman.
28) 0) text: Saigo sits on a mat on the floor reading a book.
28) 1) dialog: Tell them to go away. We have nothing to sell.
28) 13) dialog: Thank you very much. I’m happy to serve the nation. The LEAD WOMAN, in her forties, steps forward.
28) 16) dialog: Hanako, go to the back, dear.
29) 0) text: Saigo and Hanako sit across from each other at the dinner table. There is a meager ration of rice gruel and dried fish. Hanako is unable to eat and weeps silently. Saigo puts his chopsticks down.
29) 6) dialog: Hanako, I can’t taste the food with you tike that.
29) 8) dialog: Am I already in the coffin?
29) 11) dialog: I know.
29) 15) dialog: Hey, little baby. This is your father speaking. Let me tell you a secret. You're not to repeat this to anyone, okay? (whispering) I plan to come back.
31) 0) text: Saigo and the rest of the troop get up and run quickly from the huts seeking shelter. The squadron of planes descends upon them. STRAFING FIRE riddles the earth. Saigo. and. Nozaki jump behind a large rock formation. Shimizu finds shelter in a nearby trench.
32) 2) dialog: Hey. Hey, Yamazaki. What are you doing just sitting there? Help us out here. Yamazaki does not respond. Saigo gets closer to him and reels back in horror. Yamazaki’s skull has been blasted out of his head, leaving his distorted face. INT. TROOP’S CAVE - NIGHT (FEBRUARY, 1945) 45 More AERIAL BOMB BLASTS can be heard outside the caves. Saigo, Shimizu, Nozaki, Ozawa and other troop members bide their.time in their sleeping quarters.
32) 17) dialog: He’s just writing a letter. It’s been two months, Nozaki. He would have reported us by now.
35) 3) dialog: No one can shoot me now.
35) 11) dialog: Maybe he thinks it will clash with his uniform. He probably doesn’t believe in superstitions, anyway. Shimizu finally picks up a similarly stitched belt.
37) 0) text: Saigo’s unit is amassed at their position in the volcano dressed in uniform, some wearing their thousand-stitch belts. The entire GROUND SHAKES with each BOMB. Saigo and Nozaki can barely keep upright after each blast.
37) 2) dialog: My head hurts.
37) 14) dialog: At least 30. Maybe even 50.
37) 18) dialog: Where do I go then?
38) 3) dialog: Yes, sir.
38) 5) dialog: Yes, sir.
39) 0) text: Saigo picks up the CHAMBER POT, holding it at a distance with disgust. He makes his way through a —-
40) 0) text: Saigo carefully navigates around the base of Suribachi. He comes to a crag and dumps the filthy contents of the bowl. Saigo looks up to see the ARMADA OF SHIPS -- an imposing mass of 485 ships converged around the island. The sight of the enormous fleet causes Saigo to drop the bowl. It tumbles down into a crevice.
40) 1) dialog: No! Saigo reaches down into the crevice, tries to retrieve the bowl, but can't reach it.
40) 2) dialog: Damn! Suddenly, a WHISTLING NOISE causes Saigo to run for cover. A BOMB EXPLODES, sending sand flying in the air. PUFFS OF WHITE SMOKE off the ships convey that a SHOOTING BARRAGE has begun. Dark FIREBALLS and GEYSERS of black sand and rubble ERUPT over the landscape. Saigo crawls back towards the crevice and tries to reach down again without success. He looks up to the Heavens.
40) 3) dialog: Is this some kind of joke? What kind of God are you? Making us suffer like this! You're probably laughing aren't you? You think this is funny.
40) 11) text: Carefully, carefully, he raises the stick, balancing the bowl on it. A BOMB EXPLODES in the sand yards away from him. But determined, Saigo manages to keep it steady. At last he pulls it up and takes it with relief, then runs for the caves. As he runs, a BOMB SHELL falls in his path. Saigo drops into the sand, still holding the pot, bracing for the explosion, but nothing happens. Saigo slowly gets up and stares at the dud. He looks to the Heavens.
40) 12) dialog: Thank you, God. I take back what I said before. You are truly great.
44) 0) text: a Men at the windows of their caves UNLEASH FURY, FIRING with MACHINE GUNS onto the beach. Saigo runs between the interconnected caves, supplying ammo.
47) 1) text: Saigo, Shimizu, Nozaki and the other men line up in formation. They salute Col. Adachi as he makes his way among the men.
48) 0) text: Saigo and Shimizu sit by the cave entrance on night guard duty. Compared to the chaos of the daytime bombardment, the night air is relatively silent, interrupted only by occasional SPORADIC FIRE. Saigo starts to drift, his hand slipping off his rifle. Shimizu nudges him.
48) 6) dialog: Reminds me of the summer fireworks at Obon season. Saigo wipes his eyes.
48) 7) dialog: You were from Kanagawa-ken, right? wo Shimizu nods.
48) 8) dialog: Before I moved out to Tokyo, I _ grew up in Yokota. In Akita Prefecture. Saigo reflects, while Shimizu remains silent.
48) 9) dialog: It doesn't feel like February here. Right now, there would be lots of snow back home. It's right about the time that the village children would be building kamakura. They'd be building snow houses lit with lanterns, offering toasted mochi cakes and warm amazake to passersby. All along the river, tiny white houses lit with candles. It’s really something you ought to see. The pure white snow, the river, the warm glow of the candles... Saigo reflects on the image in his mind.
48) 11) dialog: You’re not really Kempeitai are you? If you were, you wouldn't be here now. Shimizu doesn't respond.
48) 18) dialog: If there’s something you don’t want: anyone to know, I’m good at keeping secrets. Shimizu looks at his watch.
49) 2) dialog: Ozawa! Captain Tanida emerges.
49) 4) dialog: The machine gun’s blasted.
49) 7) dialog: Sorry, sir.
49) 17) dialog: Yes, sir. Saigo runs through the network of caves. He hears SCREAMS as men are hit by direct SHOTS. SMOKE and DUST fill the caves.
53) 0) text: Saigo arrives at Adachi's cave. Col. Adachi looks tired and beat. He nervously sucks on a cigarette as he speaks into a radio transmitter. Saigo waits for him to finish.
54) 10) text: 77 718 57. INT. ADACHI’S CAVES - DAY ; 17 There is just STATIC on the WIRE. Col. Adachi finally turns to Saigo, his eyes bloodshot.
54) 11) dialog: Sir, Captain Tanida requests to have a machine gun team sent to his area.
54) 13) dialog: Six?
54) 15) dialog: But the General--
55) 1) dialog: Captain, I heard General Kuribayashi order Col. Adachi to escape -~
55) 27) dialog: Look, Shimizu,,we can still join the troops in the Northern caves.
55) 29) dialog: I heard General Kuribayashi himself give orders to escape. Shimizu hesitates.
55) 30) dialog: I heard it on the wire. Shimizu still seems undecided.
55) 31) dialog: Would we better serve the Emperor as dead men or if we continued fighting? Shimizu finally puts his gun down. They both run off through the --
55) 34) dialog: Underground. It‘ll take us closer to Motoyama. Saigo and Shimizu make their way through the tunnels when they spot two other soldiers, PVIS. ONO and HASHIMOTO.
55) 37) dialog: All dead.
55) 45) dialog: Shhhh.
56) 1) dialog: We’J1 have to find another way. We’ll go back to Suribachi. They continue to make their way through the tunnels when they hear Japanese SOLDIERS YELLING.
57) 0) text: Soldier #1 leads Saigo and the rest of the men.
58) 0) text: Saigo, Shimizu, Ono and the other soldiers gather along with a large group of soldiers. A haggard looking LT. COL. OISO briefs them.
59) 0) text: Saigo and Shimizu stand waiting among the troops, ready to make their mad dash. ~
59) 1) dialog: (whispering) Don’t run up with the herd. That’s where the enemy will aim their guns. Fall back behind and stay low.
59) 12) dialog: Call it what -yqu will, but there's no use for a dead soldier. Shimizu falls back slightly. Lt. Col Oiso lets out a YELL, leading the desperate charge. The troops follow, rushing out in an unorganized stampede. The night sky explodes with FLARES and ARTILLERY SHOTS. Lt. Col Oiso'’s short-lived charge ends as he falls to th ground. Others meet a similar fate. Saigo and Shimizu straggle from behind.
59) 13) dialog: Keep down! Keep down! ‘Men continue to fall before them in a virtual bloodbath. A BARRAGE OF BULLETS hits the ground before them.
59) 14) dialog: Get down! Saigo and Shimizu fall to the ground. The slaughter continues. Finally, the rapid FIRE slows as the number of men left standing diminishes.
59) 15) dialog: Crawl forward. Shimizu and Saigo do a slow crawl along the ground.
59) 16) dialog: Wait until the flares go out. The flares dissipate to black.
59) 17) dialog: Now! They rush forward. A new flare goes up.
59) 18) dialog: Get down!
60) 0) text: Shimizu and Saigo scramble up a mountain. They are covered with black, sooty sand, weary and exhausted.
62) 0) text: Shimizu and Saigo come to thé mouth of a cave. They hear the CLICK of a GUN.
62) 1) dialog: The password.
62) 7) dialog: Saigo, Katsuhiro.
62) 16) dialog: But, sir... He advances with his sword.
63) 0) text: Shimizu and Saigo, wiped from their ordeals, SNORE like two chainsaws. They are kicked awake by one of ITO’S SOLDIERs. ITO’S SOLDIER Get up! Shimizu and Saigo slowly get up. ITO’S SOLDIER Major General Sato is leading a general attack. Our men are to join him.
64) 5) dialog: (muttering) We're dead. Lt. Ito looks surprised by the movement. Almost instantaneously the sky lights up with star-shell FLARES, exposing the attackers. MORTAR ROUNDS throw up geysers of earth and ash. MACHINE GUNS pellet the men and they drop like flies. Lt. Ito, Saigo, Shimizu, and the rest of his regiment are pinned down, crouched behind rocks. BULLETS WHIZ in every direction. A man next to Shimizu attempts to get up but is immediately shot in the head, falling down next to him.
64) 28) dialog: Never trust a captain that tries to cut your head off.
67) 0) text: Lt. Ito, with the bomb still strapped to his back, finds FIVE DEAD BODIES along what looks like a logical route of advancement. He settles himself among the dead bodies, FLIES BUZZING around him. He stares at the sky above in silence, waiting for the tanks to come. EXT. BARON NISHI’S CAVE - MORNING 96 GUNFIRE and TANK BLASTING ECHO through the mountains. Saigo and Shimizu are assigned the strenuous duty of loading a SPIGOT MORTAR. Loading and BLASTING. The SHELL makes a WHIRRING noise as it flies through the air. Three American tanks are taken out as they head along the 3rd Motoyama airfield. Now in the daylight hours, the Americans take a beating. Trying to advance along the airstrip, they are mercilessly slaughtered. One GRENADE-BEARING MARINE bravely rushes out, throwing a grenade into a fortified pillbox in the hillside. He is immediately SHOT down.
72) 0) text: Saigo and Shimizu carry a mortar from the cave to reload their spigot, when a BOMB BLAST hits their machine, putting it out of commission. Another large BLAST hits the cave. Baron Nishi reels back, his face covered in blood.
72) 1) dialog: Medic Endo! Medic Endo attends to Nishi. He opens his kit. It’s empty, except for a roll of bandage.
77) 0) text: The soldiers. hunker down along a sand bank, close toa CONSTRUCTED WELL. They hold out their rifles in ready position. Saigo lies in the sand next to Shimizu. Okubo motions for two of the soldiers to move out. They quickly move out towards the well, holding two metal canisters each.
77) 1) dialog: They’ve got to make it. NIGHT FLARES light up the sky. The soldiers make it to the well without incident. They quietly fill their containers with the precious water. Saigo licks his lips. Back at the sand bank, the soldiers continue to look out for signs of the enemy, but all seems peaceful. Successful, they begin hauling the containers, when a bright WHITE LIGHT spots them and freezes on them. They try to duck down, but its difficult with the containers. Suddenly, the area explodes with RAPID FIRE. The two soldiers are gunned down. The men in the sand banks return fire, but they are outgunned. The METAL CANISTERS are RIDDLED with BULLETS and the precious water seeps into the ground,
77) 2) dialog: Damn! The soldiers watch as the water continues to seep. Dismay in their eyes. -
78) 0) text: Shimizu and saigo sit together. They both look frustrated.
78) 1) dialog: Damn it, I’ve had it! I’m going to surrender. | He looks angrily at Shimizu.
78) 2) dialog: Go ahead and arrest me. I don’t care anymore. That’s what you were put here for, isn’t it? To report treasonous thoughts?
78) 5) dialog: Dismissed?
81) 0) text: Saigo looks at Shimizu.
81) 2) dialog: Don’t look so glum, Shimizu. At least now only the enemy hates you. Saigo and Shimizu chuckle. Then Shimizu becomes quiet again. .
82) 3) dialog: This is not the life a human being should suffer, Shimizu. Shimizu looks at him, understands.
82) 10) text: Shimizu, lying next to Saigo, whispers to him. |
82) 14) dialog: I guess we’re all just soldiers doing our job.
82) 17) dialog: People tell us we serve God by dying a valorous death on a battlefield. I don’t know much, but if you ask me, I think God would be more pleased if we lived to experience the world He created. You’re still young, Shimizu.
83) 1) text: They dig through the earth and whenever a beetle or worm is found, they pick it up and eat it. Saigo and Shimizu whisper, separated from the rest of the men.
83) 3) dialog: We'll have to be careful. They’11 notice if we leave together. You go on first. 1'11 say that you've got dysentery. After a while, I‘1l1 tell them I’m going to check on you to make sure you're all right and then I'll join you. By the time anyone notices, we’ll be long gone.
83) 5) dialog: Now give me your dysentery look.
83) 11) dialog: You have to look like you’re sick. 7 Shimizu scrunches his face into a half frown, his eyelids flutter.
83) 12) dialog: I said sick, not stupid. shimizu tries a different expression.
83) 13) dialog: I guess that’1l have to do.
84) 0) text: Saigo monitors the rest of the troops as they mill about. He signals for Shimizu to leave. Shimizu steals his way from the cave.
86) 0) text: Saigo notices that Shimizu has left behind his lucky thousand-stitch belt along with his pack. Saigo picks it up gravely. Okubo spots Shimizu and Kanda.
86) 2) dialog: I think Shimizu said something ” about not feeling well. He has dysentery, sir. Okubo ignores Saigo.
86) 5) dialog: Sir, maybe they just got spooked by something. ‘An animal or a sound --
92) 0) text: The men leave the area, two fresh BURIAL MOUNDS behind them. Saigo looks numb and listless as the soldiers trudge on.
95) 5) dialog: What is that?
99) 0) text: The men prepare themselves for the run to the caves. OKUBO. We'll have to make every bullet count, so don't shoot recklessly. The soldiers make a rushing charge for the hills. GUNFIRE ERUPTS.. Okubo leads the charge. He SHOOTS down two Americans. Men go down on both sides. Saigo rushes forward, nervous. Running quickly in a zig zag motion, he is able to dodge BULLETS.
99) 6) text: The Americans send a BARRAGE OF BULLETS, riddling Okubo’s body before he falls towards them. Okubo’s GRENADE EXPLODES. Saigo and other troop members manage to cross through, running towards the safety of a cave. INT. KURIBAYASHI’S CAVE - DAY . 146 FOOTSTEPS RUNNING along the corridor alert Kuribayashi and his staff. They all stand with worried expressions. A GUARD appears.
99) 26) dialog: Thank you, sir. The men find a place to sit down. Devoid of energy. Kuribayashi looks at Saigo.
99) 28) dialog: Yes, sir. I am eternally grateful.
99) 30) dialog: That was the second time, sir.
99) 32) dialog: That was the second-time you saved me. The first time was on the beach the day you arrived. Kuribayashi laughs.
100) 2) dialog: Hanako, I know you will probably never see this letter, but it comforts me to talk to you. We have been without food or water for five days now. We are going through unspeakable measures to keep ourselves alive. One of the men gets up, pees into a cup. Then, grimacing, he drinks his own urine.
100) 3) dialog: There seems to be no way out now. I have tried my best. I worry about who will take care of you and the baby. Lt. Fujita enters the cave. Lf. FUJITA You there. Dig up some worms.
101) 11) dialog: There wasn’t-mych we could dig up, sir. - > -
101) 14) dialog: Yes, sir?
101) 16) dialog: Yes, sir.
101) 18) dialog: Oh ho, sir. I am just a simple baker. I don’t know much. —
101) 20) dialog: Well, I was one back in Yokote.
101) 22) dialog: Just my wife and a little baby girl born last summer. I haven’t seen her yet.
101) 35) dialog: I'm afraid I don’t know much about poetry, sir.
101) 37) dialog: Yes, sir. I would like that. Kuribayashi motions to the floor.
101) 40) dialog: Sorry, sir. Kuribayashi nods, closes the book. INT. KURIBAYASHI’S CAVE - NIGHT 149 The remaining rag tag group of soldiers gather in formation in the cave. Kuribayashi addresses them. His voice is weaker than in days past.
102) 11) dialog: Yes, sir.
102) 14) dialog: Yes, sir.
104) 0) text: Kuribayashi faces north toward the Imperial Palace. He kneels on the ground and bows three times. Lt. Fujita stands above him, still holding the samurai sword. INT. KURIBAYASHI’S CAVE - DAY . 161 Saigo finishes burying the mail sack into the ground. WE SEE it is the same leather satchel as was uncovered in the first scene.
106) 0) text: As. smoke fills the enclosure, Saigo emerges from the entrance to the cave. He hears KURIBAYASHI’S YELLS and heads towards the direction of the clearing.
109) 0) text: Fujita falls over dead. Saigo witnesses this, falls to his knees in shock. Kuribayashi is dying a painful death, blood pouring out of his guts. Saigo ducks down onto the ground and approaches Kuribayashi.
109) 1) dialog: General Kuribayashi.
109) 20) dialog: General!
110) 0) text: Saigo struggles, as he drags Kuribayashi’s body over to an area he has picked out. With his shovel, he digs a hole. EXT. KURIBAYASHI’'S CAVE - DAY 169 A group of SWEEP MARINES discover the cave, still smoking from the fire. The Marines surround the cave, their rifles ready.
111) 0) text: Saigo has dug a grave deep enough. He puts down his shovel and drags Kuribayashi’s body. EXT. KURIBAYASHI’S CAVE - DAY 171 The Marines have rigged up a bomb. They run to a safe position. . The MASSIVE EXPLOSION causes the entire CAVE MOUTH to COLLAPSE.
112) 0) text: Saigo hears the EXPLOSION. He quickly finishes covering the grave. He bows.
114) 0) text: Saigo regains consciousness and squints his eyes open. He lies on a stretcher, awaiting transport to a naval ship. He is bedazzled by the striking colors of an orange sunset.
116) 0) text: The two Excavators unearth the leather satchel that Saigo had buried over fifty years ago. They pull the bag out of the hole. The bag has deteriorated and letters flutter to the ground -- hundreds of undelivered letters. The 0.S. voices of soldiers OVERLAP each other, reading their letters. To their mothers, their wives, their children,