10) 30) dialog: Yes, sir. They arrive at, an office building with a signage Chuo Koron Magazine and bust the door open.
11) 0) text: Shimizu roughly rummages through PAPERS. A JOURNALIST, late forties, watches nervously, while Captain Iwasaki stands before him.
11) 6) dialog: Do you think we can be bribed? How dare you insult us!
26) 2) dialog: fo mother, today I am to join my new unit. I know you have been wondering about my transfer. This is something I cannot discuss now, but I will explain to you some day.
26) 13) dialog: Is this the 312th?
26) 21) dialog: Shimizu, Yoichi.
26) 26) dialog: If it serves the country, it is a death of honor.
26) 29) dialog: From Kanagawa-ken.
26) 40) text: Shimizu is hesitant. “= suimrzu No, I trained in Tokyo.
30) 20) text: Finally, Shimizu stands up.
30) 21) dialog: The Americans are weak-willed and inferior to Japanese soldiers.
30) 23) dialog: They are not as disciplined and let their feelings interfere with their fighting.
31) 0) text: Saigo and the rest of the troop get up and run quickly from the huts seeking shelter. The squadron of planes descends upon them. STRAFING FIRE riddles the earth. Saigo. and. Nozaki jump behind a large rock formation. Shimizu finds shelter in a nearby trench.
32) 13) text: Shimizu writes a letter.
32) 15) dialog: To mother. We are being bombarded daily by B-24s. They fly at an altitude too high to be reached by our anti-aircraft guns. Officer Tanida estimates there have been over 20,000 shells on this tiny island. When the Americans finally arrive, we’ll give them our own Hell. The men look haggard, with rings under their eyes from lack of sleep. Nozaki approaches Saigo, motions towards Shimizu.
35) 9) text: That’s a nice belt. My wife sent Me one too. Nozaki picks up a similar belt. He looks around the room. Some of the other soldiers have similar belts. He looks at Shimizu.
45) 2) text: EXT. SURIBACHI BEACH — DAY 64 The American marines are FIRED UPON from every direction. MINES BLOW, soldiers fall. Men and machines disintegrate. A marine runs up the beach and throws a grenade into a pillbox. The pillbox & bodies of the Japanese gunners fly. Another marine with a FLAMETHROWER INCINERATES a hidden pillbox and Japanese soldiers run screaming out in flames. INT. SURIBACHI CAVES - DAY oo 65 Shimizu and Nozaki FIRE DOWN on the marines. The flamethrower is GUNNED DOWN. EXT. MOTOYAMA MOUNTAIN -— DAY 66 The chaos of GUNFIRE, SHELLS and HOWLING ROCKETS ECHO through the mountains.
47) 1) text: Saigo, Shimizu, Nozaki and the other men line up in formation. They salute Col. Adachi as he makes his way among the men.
48) 0) text: Saigo and Shimizu sit by the cave entrance on night guard duty. Compared to the chaos of the daytime bombardment, the night air is relatively silent, interrupted only by occasional SPORADIC FIRE. Saigo starts to drift, his hand slipping off his rifle. Shimizu nudges him.
48) 1) dialog: Hey! Saigo wakes up, quickly picking up his rifle.
48) 2) dialog: You were dozing.
48) 10) dialog: (softly) I've heard about it. I would have like to have visited Akita once. There is a moment of silence.
48) 19) dialog: Our shift is ended. It’s time to go back in. He gets up and leaves.
51) 0) text: Shimizu and Nozaki man a machine gun position. The HOWLING of BLASTS and SHELLS ECHOES throughout. Shimizu’s body reverberates as’ he controls the machine gun.
52) 0) text: The American Marines rush towards the mountain. One Marine heads straight for shimizu s hole, with a live grenade in his hand.
52) 13) dialog: It’s jammed! The American keeps rushing. Shimizu fumbles for his pistol, but in his nervousness, his hand shakes. He drops the pistol. Just as the American is about to throw the live grenade, he is shot down. The GRENADE EXPLODES in his hand. Nozaki holds the smoldering pistol.
55) 18) dialog: Stop! : Saigo turns around. Shimizu has his pistol pointed at
55) 19) dialog: You should die like an honorable soldier!
55) 28) dialog: Our orders are to stay here until death.
55) 33) dialog: Where does this go?
58) 0) text: Saigo, Shimizu, Ono and the other soldiers gather along with a large group of soldiers. A haggard looking LT. COL. OISO briefs them.
59) 0) text: Saigo and Shimizu stand waiting among the troops, ready to make their mad dash. ~
59) 2) dialog: That’s cowardice!
60) 0) text: Shimizu and Saigo scramble up a mountain. They are covered with black, sooty sand, weary and exhausted.
60) 1) dialog: Look! Saigo turns around to see the AMERICAN FLAG flying on top of Mt. Suribachi.
62) 0) text: Shimizu and Saigo come to thé mouth of a cave. They hear the CLICK of a GUN.
62) 2) dialog: Nogi.
62) 6) dialog: Shimizu, Yoichi reporting for duty, sir.
62) 9) dialog: Yes, sir.
63) 0) text: Shimizu and Saigo, wiped from their ordeals, SNORE like two chainsaws. They are kicked awake by one of ITO’S SOLDIERs. ITO’S SOLDIER Get up! Shimizu and Saigo slowly get up. ITO’S SOLDIER Major General Sato is leading a general attack. Our men are to join him.
64) 27) dialog: (whispering) This is against rules. It’s mutiny to counter a senior officer.
67) 0) text: Lt. Ito, with the bomb still strapped to his back, finds FIVE DEAD BODIES along what looks like a logical route of advancement. He settles himself among the dead bodies, FLIES BUZZING around him. He stares at the sky above in silence, waiting for the tanks to come. EXT. BARON NISHI’S CAVE - MORNING 96 GUNFIRE and TANK BLASTING ECHO through the mountains. Saigo and Shimizu are assigned the strenuous duty of loading a SPIGOT MORTAR. Loading and BLASTING. The SHELL makes a WHIRRING noise as it flies through the air. Three American tanks are taken out as they head along the 3rd Motoyama airfield. Now in the daylight hours, the Americans take a beating. Trying to advance along the airstrip, they are mercilessly slaughtered. One GRENADE-BEARING MARINE bravely rushes out, throwing a grenade into a fortified pillbox in the hillside. He is immediately SHOT down.
67) 17) dialog: Sir, the Americans would not treat a wounded Japanese soldier. They would run him over with their tank treads.
67) 19) dialog: No, sir.
72) 0) text: Saigo and Shimizu carry a mortar from the cave to reload their spigot, when a BOMB BLAST hits their machine, putting it out of commission. Another large BLAST hits the cave. Baron Nishi reels back, his face covered in blood.
77) 0) text: The soldiers. hunker down along a sand bank, close toa CONSTRUCTED WELL. They hold out their rifles in ready position. Saigo lies in the sand next to Shimizu. Okubo motions for two of the soldiers to move out. They quickly move out towards the well, holding two metal canisters each.
78) 0) text: Shimizu and saigo sit together. They both look frustrated.
78) 3) dialog: No, you’re wrong. A beat.
78) 4) dialog: I was put here because I was dismissed from the Kempeitai. Saigo looks at him, surprised.
78) 6) dialog: That's right. For disobeying a senior officer. FLASHBACK — EXT. TOKYO STREETS - EVENING Shimizu and Captain Iwasaki walk along the streets of Tokyo.
78) 7) dialog: I had only been in service for 5 days. Captain Iwasaki walks with Shimizu.
78) 15) dialog: Yes, sir. - They walk through the quiet village, not a soul on the street, only the sound of the imperial FLAG FLAPPING in the WIND in front of houses. All the houses, except one.
78) 17) dialog: Yes, sir. Shimizu runs up to the house and bangs on the door. A MOTHER opens the door. Her two CHILDREN cling to her and peer out at him. An AKITA behind a fence BARKS at him.
78) 18) dialog: (sternly) You do not have the imperial flag properly displayed, ma’am.
78) 20) dialog: It is unpatriotic not to have the flag displayed.
78) 34) dialog: What’s that, sir?
78) 38) dialog: Yes, sir. Ma’am bring the dog, please. The Mother looks horrified.
78) 40) dialog: Take it out back. Keep the children inside. Captain Iwasaki looks bored. The Mother complies.
79) 0) text: The Mother brings the Akita out back on a leash. Shimizu ties the leash to a fence. . Shimizu aims his gun at the dog. Cocks the trigger. Aims. The dog looks at him, wagging it’s tail. At the last moment, Shimizu SHOOTS in the air.
79) 6) dialog: Take the dog into the house and keep him quiet. Don’t let him out again.
80) 0) text: Shimizu emerges from the back.
80) 1) dialog: It’s taken care of, sir.
80) 4) dialog: No, sir. Captain Iwasaki strikes Shimizu with a force that sends him to the ground.
81) 0) text: Saigo looks at Shimizu.
81) 1) dialog: I was dismissed for insubordination and sent here.
81) 3) dialog: It was just an innocent thing. INT. KURIBAYASHI’S CAVE - NIGHT Kuribayashi paces restlessly.
82) 2) dialog: Are you all right? Shimizu and Saigo fall back. Saigo sits on the ground, COUGHING.
82) 10) text: Shimizu, lying next to Saigo, whispers to him. |
82) 11) dialog: Saigo? Saigo rolls over.
82) 12) dialog: I have been thinking about what Lieutenant Colonel Nishi said. That I've never even met an American. It’s true. I don't know anything about the enemy. Shimizu looks towards the cave ceiling.
82) 13) dialog: I was taught that the American soldier is weak, but he is not. I was told that they are savages, but that American who died -- his mother writes the same things that my mother would write.
82) 15) dialog: I want to do my duty to my country and my God, but I don’t want to die for nothing. Saigo is silent.
82) 16) dialog: What do you think, Saigo? Tell me what you think.
82) 28) text: Tears stream down Shimizu’s cheeks.
82) 29) dialog: Saigo, will you surrender with me?
83) 1) text: They dig through the earth and whenever a beetle or worm is found, they pick it up and eat it. Saigo and Shimizu whisper, separated from the rest of the men.
83) 4) text: Shimizu nods.
83) 6) text: SHIMIZU eee What? . ! FEEL
84) 0) text: Saigo monitors the rest of the troops as they mill about. He signals for Shimizu to leave. Shimizu steals his way from the cave.
85) 0) text: Shimizu runs out of the cave. PRIVATE 2ND CLASS KANDA, another soldier, relieves himself on the hillside and makes his way back to the cave. He sees Shimizu leaving.
85) 2) dialog: I’ve got dysentery. He puts on his dysentery face. Kanda stares at him in disbelief.
85) 12) dialog: Keep your voice down. They start to leave.
86) 0) text: Saigo notices that Shimizu has left behind his lucky thousand-stitch belt along with his pack. Saigo picks it up gravely. Okubo spots Shimizu and Kanda.
87) 0) text: MARINES are gathered at their position, smoking cigarettes, awaiting orders. A NOISE in the distance causes them all to be on the alert, raising their rifles. Shimizu appears before the marines, with his hands up, a torn piece of his white undershirt in his hand. The soldiers approach him, shouting at him with their rifles pointed. The Americans surround him. Shimizu falls to his knees. They search him for weapons. Finding none, they let him stand back up. Shimizu makes a motion for water. One of the marines hands him a canteen and Shimizu drinks thirstily. Shimizu’s hands are bound and he is taken to an area where another PRISONER also stands with his hands bound. They look at each other in surprise. The Marines receive an order over their wire.
88) 0) text: Shimizu and the other Prisoner are seated on the floor.
88) 1) dialog: Which unit are you from?
88) 3) dialog: It would be nice toe eat food again. He licks his lips. In the b.g., the Marines assigned to keep watch discuss their situation in hushed tones.
89) 0) text: Shimizu and the Prisoner are still talking.
89) 2) dialog: That would be nice. The two Marines approach the two prisoners. They hold up their rifles.