0) 0) text: The HUM of a large refrigerator just audible over the sound of Indian music - MARGARET, briefly glimpsed pondering cartons of milk. The electronic PEEP of the cash til. A man on a mobile phone pushes past MARGARET, who takes her place second in the queue. The female shopkeeper piles newspapers on the counter in front of MARGARET. Distracted by images of the bombed hotel on the TV, she hesitates for beat.
0) 2) dialog: How much is the milk?
0) 4) text: MARGARET heads down the busy street, shopping bag in hand. INT. KITCHEN. CHESTER SQUARE. LONDON. PRESENT. DAY.
0) 5) text: MARGARET sits at breakfast with her husband DENIS, sipping tea. DENIS butters his toast. MARGARET shakes her head.
0) 6) dialog: Too much. Much too much butter.
0) 8) dialog: Milk’s gone up. MARGARET reaches for a jug, pouring milk into it, slidin it down on a table.
0) 9) dialog: 49p a pint.
0) 12) dialog: (to DENIS) Eat your egg. JUNE smiles with visible relief on seeing MARGARET, now sitting tapping open her egg.
0) 14) dialog: Yes. MARGARET eats her egg.
0) 15) dialog: Here we are. But for JUNE, she is entirely alone. INT. CORRIDOR CHESTER SQUARE. PRESENT. DAY.
0) 21) dialog: No no no no. The grey.
0) 23) dialog: Yes. Distant footsteps-
0) 24) dialog: ..-Definitely the grey. JUNE returns, oblivious-—
0) 27) dialog: Oh, I haven’t had a chance to look at that yet, dear.
0) 31) dialog: Blot it...Blot it.. She turns, sees JUNE, through the ajar door, standing in the corridor, looking back at her
0) 35) dialog: Wear your scarf. There’s a chill out there. Suddenly looming over her and grinning down as if at the top of a tunnel SUSIE, MARGARET’s personal secretary carrying a cardboard box.
0) 37) dialog: I'm fine, thank you Susie.
0) 39) dialog: Yes. Frightful. SUSIE’s mobile goes off. She fumbles in her bag to switch it off.
0) 43) dialog: Yes, of course, dear. Today.
0) 48) dialog: What are they playing? SUSIE looks at her momentarily at a loss then scrabbles back through the diary-
0) 50) text: Silly man. MARGARET’s gaze, seeing DENIS just visible in the street below. He looks up, smiles,
0) 51) dialog: He hasn’t got his scarf on. MARGARET throws DENIS a half wave. In return, he twirls his umbrella and does a couple of steps of a Chaplin walk for her benefit before passing the Postman who is shuffling through his letters as he approaches the front step, below. SUSIE looks on with quiet concern. INT. DRAWING ROOM. CHESTER SQUARE. LONDON. PRESENT. DAY. MARGARET’ is at her desk signing a stack of her memoirs, The Downing Street Years. MARGARET opens one, reaching for a pen. The curve of inky handwriting as she begins to sign them, Margaret Thatcher. Close on the swoop of the pen. Without missing a beat, she writes the name Margaret Roberts... The insistent blare of an air raid siren from another time cuts through - INT. BACK PARLOUR. SHOP. GRANTHAM. 1943. DUSK.
0) 52) text: The rumble of an approaching air raid overhead- The STEADY SHAKE of the table legs all around pulls out to reveal- BEATRICE ROBERTS [early 50’s] austere, crouched next to MARGARET under a wide kitchen table along with ALFRED ROBERTS [early/mid 50's] a cumbersome man and MURIEL ROBERTS [21 yrs]. The sound of an air-raid siren.
0) 54) dialog: I‘l1l go. Suddenly MARGARET scrabbles out from under the table, all look on with horror-
0) 74) dialog: (looking up) I’ve got a place at Oxford. ALFRED bear-hugs MARGARET awkwardly. INT. DRAWING ROOM. CHESTER SQUARE. LONDON. PRESENT. DAY. MARGARET at her desk, the ghost of a smile.
0) 77) dialog: (calling out) Mother? BEATRICE comes down the corridor into the shop, wiping her hands on a cloth. ALFRED goes to hand BEATRICE the letter.
0) 85) dialog: What time is it?
0) 87) dialog: What have you got on your head? DENIS smiles, throwing back his head, the swathe of pink fabric from his turban hanging down ridiculously-
0) 89) dialog: You look ridiculous. MARGARET strains to hear-
0) 91) dialog: (as if to a bad dog) No, Denis, Bosslady no like. MARGARET resumes listening. The door ajar, the sounds of life just audible outside-
0) 93) dialog: (without looking) Feet. He tuts and adjusts his legs so that his shoes don’t dirty the bedspread. MARGARET stands, ear pressed close to the open door-
0) 101) dialog: I didn’t know that you were dropping by today, dear.
0) 104) dialog: Jaqueline...
0) 106) dialog: Of course. (turning up the TV) We're having halibut. On TV, images of a bombed street,
0) 109) dialog: Denis! Quick Flash: Denis in pyjamas, brushing his teeth in a hotel bathroom, glances at her through the open door.
0) 114) dialog: (standing up) We must release a statement, offering our condolences.
0) 116) dialog: We must never, ever, ever give in to terrorists. MARGARET sees JUNE and CAROL exchange looks of ‘oh dear...’ INT.BEDROOM. HOUSE. CHESTER SQUARE. LONDON. PRESENT.DUSK. MARGARET sits in a dressing gown at a dressing table, staring at her reflection. CAROL stands behind her, holding up several dresses.
0) 118) dialog: Oh, below the knee I should think. She watches, irritated, as CAROL reaches to move a pile of DENIS’ clothes-
0) 119) dialog: No! Don’t move those. I haven’t finished sorting them. CAROL settles beside her on a chair.
0) 121) dialog: There was no milk.
0) 123) dialog: I am not for the knackers yet. From behind-
0) 126) dialog: If I can’t go out to buy a pint of milk then what is the world coming to. Really Carol, please don’t fuss about it. You’ve always been like this, fuss fuss fuss. You must find something better to do with your time. It’s most unattractive in a woman. When I was your age the last thing I wanted to do was fuss around my mother. Silence- CAROL, inwardly stung quietly busying herself, forcing all emotion away. MARGARET hesitates catching DENIS’ eye, with quiet warning.
0) 129) dialog: Obstinate. DENIS writes, pleased. CAROL looks up, with quiet bemusement-—
0) 131) dialog: Pearls. I’ll wear the pearls. CAROL slips them onto MARGARET’S neck and fastens them. 18
0) 132) dialog: There they are. My little twins. Thank you, dear. INT. CORRIDOR. CHESTER SQUARE. LONDON. PRESENT. EVENING. The murmur of conversation- CAROL tails MARGARET, steady on the approach towards the drawing room.
0) 134) dialog: Jacqueline. CAROL smiles, clearly reassured-
0) 137) dialog: Yes-—
0) 139) dialog: Yes I remember-
0) 141) dialog: I’ve always preferred the company of men- CAROL gestures ahead, MARGARET nods, reticent, yet forcing herself on, she hesitates at the door, her hand trembling on the handle.
0) 145) dialog: Well I don’t like coalitions, never have... MARGARET’s POV of her fingers absently grazing a confusing array of cutlery laid out in place setting in front of her. Her confused face.
0) 152) dialog: Oh, yes, to his core. And Mayor of Grantham.
0) 154) dialog: Yes. Ears prick up around the table. The Host is lost for something to say.
0) 156) dialog: Oh, yes. It was a family business.
0) 158) dialog: That and a degree from Oxford. The put-down, though not intentional, causes Denis to smile. MARGARET catches the smile. She remains unruffled and goes back to her food, picking up a knife and fork, working her way in, teasing her hors d’oeuvres. INT. DINING ROOM. CHESTER SQUARE.LONDON.PRESENT.EVENING. MARGARET sits oddly removed, hand instinctively covering her wine glass, as a WINE WAITER hovers. 21
0) 159) dialog: (hushed aside to
0) 161) text: Pudding is on the go and Margaret is warming to her theme.
0) 162) dialog: What I do think is that a man should be encouraged to stand on his own two feet. Yes we help people of course we help people. But for those that can do, they must just get up and do. And if something's wrong, they shouldn't just whine about it, they should get in there and DO something about it, change things. The female guests exchange glances. A half-chuckle from someone.
0) 164) dialog: Can serve very well for the people of Dartford too.
0) 166) dialog: I know much more than those who have never lived on a limited income. Just like the man or woman on the street, when I am short one week, I have to make economies the next.
0) 168) dialog: A man might call it fiscal responsibility, a woman might call it good housekeeping.
0) 170) dialog: Or woman? Denis lets out a spontaneous guffaw as the host and hostess exchange looks. He signals ‘Get them out of here’. The men rise.
0) 175) dialog: Where?
0) 178) dialog: No, uhm, yes - we have always lived alongside evil. But it has never been so patient, so avid for carnage, so eager to carry innocents with it into oblivion.
0) 180) dialog: Western civilization must root out this evil, wherever it hides, or she risks defeat at the hands of global terror in a nuclear age. Unimaginable! Appreciative murmur of agreements amongst the listening party-
0) 182) dialog: Yes. Clever man. Quite a smoothie. Laughter- INT. DRAWING ROOM. CHESTER SQUARE. LONDON. PRESENT. NIGHT. MARGARET says final farewells to a guest. He walks away as another couple approach.
0) 183) dialog: You don’t mind if I sit down... 24 Sitting down on a nearby chair, MARGARET looks with feigned recollection at the FEMALE GUEST as she sinks down on the ground in front of her, gripping MARGARET’s hand.
0) 185) dialog: It used to be about trying to do something. Now its about trying to be someone. The FEMALE GUEST nods and scrambled to her feet, clearly concerned, shooting a look to her HUSBAND standing beside her, waiting to depart.
0) 187) dialog: Good night to you. MARGARET sits alone. In the background, the chatter of Carol saying final farewells.
0) 191) dialog: Can you do the clasp, I can’t quite - CAROL hurries to help her, MARGARET quietly concedes. Fingers fumble to unclasp the pearls-—
0) 192) dialog: Thank you. CAROL drops the pearls into a jewelry box, close to MARGARET, staring back at their reflections.
0) 200) dialog: What does Mark think about it?
0) 202) dialog: Yes. Tell him to come up. I want to talk to him about it. CAROL, hesitates, with concern-
0) 204) dialog: Well tell him to come up and see me after he’s kissed them good night, would you Carol darling? INT. BEDROOM. CHESTER SQUARE. PRESENT. NIGHT. MARGARET, sitting on her bed, glances expectantly towards the door. Carol sits down beside her.
0) 208) dialog: You look exhausted, dear. You really must try to get some sleep. Taxis'll be few and far between at this hour...
0) 210) dialog: Good night, dear. The slam of a door. MARGARET sits, alone. 27 INT. SADLERS WELLS. LONDON. 1950. NIGHT. MARGARET’S POV of Denis turning to her in the theatre. He smiles. MARGARET’s FINGERS absently grazing over the programme, in time with the music- SUDDENLY a closed fist reaches out, then opens to reveal a sugar mouse. Margaret’s fingers reach for it, but it’s teasingly withdrawn. Finally, she takes its. She turns to smile at DENIS, her face is glowing with happiness- INT. TOWN HALL 1950. NIGHT. MARGARET sits on the edge of a trestle table, scrunching a rosette in her hand. The Town Hall is empty save for a couple of Volunteers stacking chairs and sweeping the floor. The litter of election night is everywhere.
0) 213) dialog: Disaster.
0) 216) dialog: Not splendidly enough. 28
0) 219) dialog: What game? She is fuming but he regroups with a big breath.
0) 221) dialog: (fiercely) -And proud of being- He grabs her hand, silencing her.
0) 224) text: Margaret, will you marry me? She is genuinely stunned.
0) 226) dialog: Yes. Yes! He leans over and kisses her, long and passionately until
0) 228) dialog: I love you so much but...I will never be one of those women Denis - who stays silent and pretty on the arm of her husband. Or remote and alone in the kitchen doing the washing up for that matter.
0) 230) dialog: No - one’s life must matter, Denis. Beyond the cooking and the cleaning and the children, one’s life must mean more than that - I cannot die washing up a tea cup. He sits up and stares as if seeing her for the first time.
0) 231) dialog: I mean it Denis, say you understand.
0) 234) dialog: There they are, my little twins. Mark... DENIS approaches the camera laughing and appears to take hold of it. MARGARET is seen sitting on a wobbly camping stool, hardly dressed for the beach, surrounded by papers weighed held down by pebbles. She merrily returns to her work.
0) 236) dialog: You look happy.
0) 242) dialog: They grow up so fast. Margaret turns with something to say, but Denis doesn’t seem to be there anymore. INT. DRAWING ROOM. CHESTER SQUARE. LONDON. PRESENT.NIGHT. Now on the screen, Mark on a swing. MARGARET'S face softens.
0) 243) dialog: Mark. He turns and rushes towards the camera, whooshing past it. Without breaking step, suddenly, he’s in the room, running past Margaret, still cheering and whooping. MARGARET’s hand, just skimming MARK’s golden curls. As he moves on, MARGARET’s curiosity caught following him out and down the corridor of Chester Square, seeing the Mark and Carol disappear round a corner. INT. HALLWAY. HOUSE. FARNBOROUGH. KENT. 1959. DAWN. The view beyond-
0) 245) dialog: There they are, my little twins. Mark... DENIS approaches the camera laughing and appears to take hold of it. MARGARET is seen sitting on a wobbly camping stool, hardly dressed for the beach, surrounded by papers weighed held down by pebbles. She merrily returns to her work.
0) 247) dialog: You look happy.
0) 253) dialog: The right honourable gentleman knows that we have no choice but to shut down the schools! Cries of ‘Shame!’ From the opposition. The chamber reduced to a bear-pit. HEATH glum and offering no help to MARGARET whose voice becomes increasingly shrill.
0) 254) dialog: Because his union paymasters have called a strike deliberately to cripple our economy. Teachers cannot teach when there is no heating, no lighting in their classrooms. And I ask the honourable gentleman, whose fault is that?
0) 256) dialog: If the right honorable gentleman could perhaps attend more closely to WHAT I am saying, rather than HOW I am saying it, he may receive a valuable education in spite of himself! Her opposite number Shadow Minister looks almost smug: smiling, pointing a finger at her.
0) 265) dialog: Yes... All eyes TURN on her again, hearing the reservation in her voice.
0) 266) dialog: Prime Minister, with the Miners’ leader calling today for the army to mutiny in support of the strikes, this seems the wrong time for conciliation. SUDDENLY ALL THE LIGHTS GO OUT. A lot of ‘bloody hell’ ‘oh for god's sake’.
0) 276) dialog: Right. The only thing you should remember is that everyone else is either reckless or inept. And often both. MARGARET eyes the road, gesturing CAROL to move forward. 38
0) 277) dialog: One must be brave if one is to take the wheel-
0) 279) dialog: Move over... Move to your right a little bit...
0) 281) dialog: Carol!
0) 283) dialog: To the right. Move to the right! A yelp from CAROL as the car swerves a little, narrowly missing a lone CYCLIST-
0) 284) dialog: So sorry! Terribly sorry! MARGARET throws a wave from the wound down window. The CYCLIST swerves on recognizing her, watching as the car goes round and round the square, almost balletic.
0) 289) dialog: Have you been trying to make breakfast? For Goodness sake, Denis! DENIS scrapes down the toast, eggs boiling in the pan.
0) 292) dialog: (sudden/cutting in) I’ve decided. I’m going to run. MARGARET smiles, a growing resolution gripping her.
0) 294) dialog: I’m going to run for Leader of the Party. CAROL'S utter disappointment on seeing she has lost MARGARET already.
0) 298) dialog: What’s she on about?
0) 300) dialog: Oh, right. Of course. A BEAT.
0) 302) dialog: (with false patience) What I’m saying is that someone must force the point, say the unsayable. None of these men have the guts. MARGARET sees the burnt toast and energetically starts clearing up and putting more bread under the grill.
0) 304) dialog: But he’s weak, and he’s weakened the party. One must know when to go. (glancing at him) You're shaking. She reaches out.
0) 306) dialog: Goodness me! What is the matter with everyone this morning? A beat. He looks utterly fragile.
0) 308) dialog: And do you need a rest? 41 It’s almost challenging. He doesn’t answer and she doesn’t notice.
0) 309) dialog: We both know that it’s highly unlikely that I would ever be elected leader, I’1l never be elected leader. But I will run. I will run. Just to nip at their heels and make them reaffirm the principles on which the Conservative Party must stand. There’s so much to do. She smiles.
0) 311) dialog: Denis, you married someone who is committed to public service, you knew that. And it is my duty -
0) 315) text: MARGARET and DENIS sit on the sofa.
0) 316) dialog: Where did you go?
0) 318) dialog: Yes. 42
0) 322) dialog: When did I lose track of everyone?
0) 328) dialog: Oh that’s rather easy to answer, actually. They are unafraid of success. INT. REECE’S OFFICE. LONDON. 1975. DAY MARGARET is watching the same interview on a TV monitor. She is watching herself intently, as are REECE and AIREY NEAVE. They are polar opposites, REECE flamboyant to NEAVE’s bluff. 43 She sounds very plummy, like a Conservative party wife from the shires. And she wears a hat.
0) 329) dialog: We in Great Britain and in Europe are formed mainly by our history. They on the other hand are formed by their philosophy. Not by what has been, but by what can be. Oh, we have a great deal that we can learn from them, yes. Oh yes! MARGARET is trapped in the moment - but the two men exchange a glance. NEAVE freezes the picture. MARGARET smiles uneasily, like someone expecting a compliment. REECE considers her, long and hard. It is a little unsettling until-
0) 335) dialog: It’s all very well to talk about changing my voice, Mr Reece, but for some of my colleagues to imagine me as their leader would be like imagining, I don’t know, being led into battle by their chambermaid. It’s my background, and my sex. No matter how I’ve tried, and I have tried, to fit in, I will never be truly one of them. Both REECE and NEAVE are aware that she has spoken very nakedly - and is thus extremely vulnerable.
0) 339) dialog: Prime Minister?! Oh no. Oh no no no. In Britain? There will be no female Prime Minister here, not in my lifetime. No. And I told Airey, I don’t expect to win the leadership, but I am going to run. Just to shake up the party. NEAVE moves in intently-
0) 343) dialog: Gentlemen, I am in your hands. I may be persuaded to surrender the hat. But the pearls were a gift from my husband on the birth of our twins and they are absolutely non-negotiable. MARGARET smiles at them.
0) 346) dialog: Maaaaaaaaaaaa.
0) 349) dialog: (calls) Denis. He doesn’t react.
0) 351) dialog: (a little more authority) Denis.
0) 353) dialog: Denis. And DENIS reacts immediately, like a guilty thing surprised, stabbing out his cigarette, turning quickly towards her.
0) 355) dialog: You are the backbone of our nation! Small firms like Loveday’s Ice Cream. How are you? So nice to meet you ladies. General merriment as MARGARET, now inside an ice-cream van, has a go at dispensing an ice cream from the machine.
0) 356) dialog: I’‘1l just have a small one, because I’m watching my figure. (handing the cone out) That’s for you young man!
0) 358) dialog: I passionately believe it’s the growth of small businesses into larger ones that is critical for Britain’s future. 47 REECE and NEAVE are sitting nearby, both of them reading the Financial Times. EXT. YARD. ICE CREAM FACTORY. DAY. MARGARET among the ladies again.
0) 359) dialog: It has to be something icy on a stick for Denis. Laughter.
0) 360) dialog: (returning to her subject) That’s the only way we will produce jobs, real jobs, jobs that sustain.
0) 363) dialog: The Trade Union Movement was founded to protect workers. Now it persecutes them. It stops them from working. It is killing jobs and it is bringing this country to its knees. I say enough. It’s time to get up. It’s time to go to work. It’s time to put the Great back into Great Britain!
0) 366) text: A darkened backstage. MARGARET, clutching her speech, goes over her lines. A FEMALE AIDE sprays her hair. She looks up, starts to move towards the light. 48 AIREY NEAVE is suddenly next to her.
0) 369) dialog: Oh Airey... As from the stage -
0) 372) text: BRITAIN NEEDS THE CONSERVATIVES bannered overhead and hung with Union Jacks. MARGARET a swathe of blue, as she passes through her GREY SUITED CABINET. From behind she stands, arms outstretched, accepting the applause, a shock of bright blonde hair as she stands before a sea of CONSERVATIVE DELEGATES holding up letter cards WE LOVE YOU MAGGIE! Wedges of fanatical party faithful on their feet ina kind of rapture. The blessed Margaret ! DENIS just visible with REECE, HOWE, PYM, HESELTINE and several other GREY SUITED MINISTERS of her cabinet, seated close behind now jumping to their feet, with obvious relief and delight -
0) 374) text: Close on a photograph of MARGARET and AIREY NEAVE. MARGARET sits looking at it, her coat on, her handbag on her lap. 49 INT. UNDERGROUND CAR PARK. HOUSE OF COMMONS. 1979. EVE. MARGARET is loading papers and files into the boot of her car. AIREY NEAVE drives towards her, winding down his window.
0) 376) dialog: Oh, thanks Airey. Goodnight. He laughs and drives towards the exit of the car park. As MARGARET closes the boot and opens the door to get in the car suddenly there’s a MASSIVE EXPLOSION, the sound magnified by being in the cavernous underground. For a few seconds we don’t know what’s happened. Through the smoke we see MARGARET running up the ramp towards us.
0) 377) dialog: No. No, no! Airey! Her POV of the fireball of Neave’s car. As Margaret looks in horror at the scene. Her shattered face. NEWS V.O. The Irish National Liberation Army has claimed responsibility for the death of Airey Neave, Margaret Thatcher’s spokesman on Northern Ireland. INT. CONFERENCE HALL. NIGHT. MARGARET on the conference podium, blinking back tears. Behind her, Denis’ face etched with the same sorrow.
0) 383) dialog: Now, as the test draws near, I ask your help. That together we can shake off the shackles of socialism and restore to greatness this country that we love so much. And the only way is for the Conservative Party to win! The black streak of MARGARET’S car, a blur of colour, faces, waving flags - TV footage of polling night. Swingometers, pollsters, impressionistic snatches of reported speech. More footage of PEOPLE coming out of polling stations. Jubilant crowds applauding... MARGARET, silhouetted in her iconic stance, arms aloft... INT. CAR. DOWNING STREET. LONDON. 1979. DAY. MARGARET peering out of the window, hands sunk in the lap, a flash of the Royal blue fabric of her skirt, clenched in fingers.
0) 390) dialog: I should just like to say that I take very seriously the trust the British people placed in me today, and I will work hard every day to live up to that responsibility. And now, I should like to share with you a prayer of St Francis of Assisi: Where there is discord may we bring harmony... Where there is error may we bring truth... Where there is doubt may we bring faith... Where there is despair may we bring hope.. The CAMERA rises up, high above MARGARET until she is just a blue dot, on the dark tarmac, a lone woman standing facing the circle of cameras and microphones. The door of Number 10 looms ahead. INT. DRAWING ROOM. DOWNING STREET. LONDON. 1979. DAY. The cheers go over .. The CABINET gathering for a group shot-—
0) 391) dialog: Shoulders back, tummies in! Laughter. Michael Heseltine, standing behind MARGARET, reaches out to smooth a stray lock of her hair. 52
0) 392) dialog: Oh. Thank you, Michael. MARGARET seated at the heart of her entire CABINET, as if she is royalty. The FLASH of the CAMERA - the image frozen. INT. CORRIDOR. HOUSE. CHESTER SQUARE. PRESENT. DAY. The same image, framed on a side table beside MARGARET. The distant hum of a hoover.
0) 393) dialog: I’m perfectly healthy. There’s no need for any of this. Denis appears, his hand inside his shoe, polishing it vigorously.
0) 395) dialog: Really it’s becoming quite tiresome.
0) 397) dialog: You. (beat) I was on my own for twenty four years before I met you and I can Manage perfectly well without you now. So will you please go away and stop bothering me.
0) 401) dialog: No
0) 403) dialog: No.
0) 405) dialog: Yes, I sleep. Four, five hours a night.
0) 407) dialog: And I stay up late. I always have. She looks at him as if he really should know this about her. The DOCTOR notes this down.
0) 409) dialog: Yes. Of course.
0) 411) dialog: My husband has been gone for years. Cancer.
0) 413) dialog: Yes. It was my idea. To Oxfam. Perfectly good stuff. People can use these things. 54
0) 415) dialog: What? What am I ‘bound to be feeling’? The DOCTOR looks up from his note taking, hearing the quiet challenge in MARGARET’s voice.
0) 416) dialog: People don’t ‘think’ any more. They ‘feel’. ‘How are you feeling?’ ‘Oh I don’t feel comfortable with that’ ‘Oh, I’m so sorry but we, the group were feeling...’ D’you know, one of the great problems of our age is that we are governed by people who care more about feelings than thoughts and ideas. (beat) Now thoughts and ideas. That interests me. (beat) Ask me what I am thinking- The DOCTOR hesitates, letting MARGARET settle until-
0) 418) dialog: Watch your thoughts, for they become words. Watch your words, for they become actions. Watch your actions, for they become habits. Watch your habits, for they become your character. And watch your character, for it becomes your destiny. What we think, we become. My father always said that. (beat) And I think I am fine. (beat) But I do so appreciate your kind concern. The sudden and persistent buzz of an intercom-
0) 419) dialog: Oh, do please answer that. 55 MARGARET holds his gaze, with quiet unwavering steel unsettling the DOCTOR a little.
0) 420) dialog: It might be someone who needs you. The DOCTOR reluctantly answers his intercom- INT. CORRIDOR CHESTER SQUARE. PRESENT. DUSK.
0) 421) text: JUNE heads up the stairs, MARGARET following behind.
0) 424) text: MARGARET opens the fridge. A cold plated lunch resting on a shelf.
0) 430) dialog: Enough. Denis, enough!
0) 432) text: MARGARET sits reading DENIS’ spy novel.
0) 436) dialog: When the Himalayan peasant meets the he-bear in his pride - 57
0) 438) dialog: (sudden/like a lightbulb) June. MARGARET turns to DENIS, a quiet appalling victory.
0) 440) text: MARGARET flicks on mixers, radios, toasters- INT. DRAWING ROOM. CHESTER SQUARE. PRESENT. DUSK.
0) 441) text: The noise almost unbearable now- MARGARET turns on a hi-fi, the TV now on-
0) 442) dialog: If I can’t hear you then I can’t see you. And if I can’t see you then you are not here. MARGARET closes her eyes. 58
0) 443) dialog: And if you are not here, I am not going mad. I will not...I will not go mad. She opens them and suddenly freezes on seeing an image of herself, bewildered and leaving Harley Street, caught on the TV-
0) 447) dialog: (almost to self) I don’t recognize myself. 59 INT. BATHROOM. CHESTER SQUARE. PRESENT. NIGHT. The shelf of a bathroom cabinet. Shaving brush. Razor. Medicaments. MARGARET begins to pull them all off the shelves.
0) 449) dialog: They’re unveiling that portrait of me at Number 10 next month. The invitation’s on the mantelpiece. So there'll be Churchill, Lloyd George and me. Just the three of us.
0) 451) dialog: I said I didn’t want any big fuss but they insisted..
0) 455) dialog: Denis? She turns in bed. Sudden panic, DENIS is gone- 60
1) 0) text: A HECKLING chamber as MARGARET sits, facing LABOUR OUTRAGE, the labour leader, FOOT, grips his paper, mid speech-
1) 8) dialog: Yes, but in order to arrive at the palace on time, Geoffrey and I are will be walking out of that door in 15 minutes. As you can see -
1) 18) dialog: Really. (beat) How much is a pack of Lurpak?
1) 20) dialog: Butter, Francis. (silence) Forty two pence. Anchor butter is forty pence. Flora margarine, still the cheapest, is thirty eight pence. I can assure you I am not out of touch. Another MINISTER - GILMOUR - whispers the words: “Grocer’s Daughter” - as a put down. The men smirk. MARGARET has caught the moment. A sudden flash of the pretty girls in the Grantham Street long ago, laughing at her.
1) 21) dialog: What - did you say? GILMOUR makes a gesture.
1) 23) dialog: Don’t try to hide you opinions. Goodness me, I’d much rather you were honest and straightforward about them - instead of continuously and damagingly leaking them to the press. Well?
1) 31) dialog: Ah. Worried about our careers, are we? They make noises - to the effect that nothing could be further from the truth. But MARGARET has their measure.
1) 32) dialog: Gentlemen, if we don’t cut spending we will be bankrupt. Yes the medicine is harsh but the patient requires it in order to live. Shall we withhold the medicine? No! We are not wrong. We did not seek election and win in order to manage the decline of a great nation. (MORE)
1) 34) dialog: The people of this country chose us because they believe we can restore the health of the British economy and we will do just that! Barring a failure of nerve. The SNAP OF COTTON - MARGARET looks at them in a cold fury...
1) 35) dialog: Anything else?
1) 37) dialog: Thank you. You saved the day once again, Crawfie, you’re an angel. MARGARET straightens her cuff, testing the button, as the meeting slowly disbands and the MINISTERS move away.
1) 39) dialog: I don’t expect everyone just to sit there and agree with me. But what kind of leader am I if I don’t try to get my own way - to do what I know to be right.
1) 43) dialog: There must be closures of uneconomic coal mines, we seek only an efficient industry. (ARCHIVE FOOTAGE) violent clashes between protesting miners and police -
1) 45) dialog: There are those who would say hold back, there are those who would make us retreat -— INT. CONFERENCE CENTRE BRIGHTON. 1980. Margaret mid speech.
1) 46) dialog: But we shall never give in to them. We shall never waver, not for a second, in our determination to see this country prosper once again. The party faithful erupt in cheers, seconded by all Margaret’s courtiers on the platform. PYM, PRIOR, HESELTINE, HOWE and above all DENIS, applauding as if their lives depended on it. INT. LADIES. HOUSE OF COMMONS. 1980. DAY. MARGARET sits clutching the sink, a light sweat breaking across her forehead. She looks up-
1) 50) dialog: And now, it must be business as usual. THE BRIGHTON GRAND HOTEL. INT. SITTING ROOM. SUITE. GRAND HOTEL. 1984. NIGHT. DENIS in pyjamas, brushes his teeth in the bathroom. He glances at MARGARET through the open door as she sits, still in evening dress, working on her speech.
1) 53) dialog: I know, I’m coming DT. Nearly there -
1) 55) dialog: (calling out) Denis! MARGARET searching through the haze of fallen plaster, covered with dust, slowly clearing to reveal-
1) 56) dialog: (more desperate) Denis- there you are. Are you alright? DENIS ghostlike, covered in dust, still in his pyjamas, holding up an obliterated pair of shoes.
1) 58) dialog: That’s when I thought I’d lost you. A TELEPHONE RINGS CUTTING THROUGH FROM ANOTHER TIME... INT. BEDROOM. HOUSE. CHESTER SQUARE. PRESENT. NIGHT. MARGARET wakes with a start, confused and fumbles for the telephone by her bed-
1) 59) dialog: (picking up phone) Mark?... Hello darling... No, I’m fine... I’m very well... 68 MARGARET squints, fingers fumbling for DENIS’ watch.
1) 60) dialog: How is... How’s... Sarah?... And the children. .? MARGARET sits up -
1) 61) dialog: »..Oh... You can’t... That’s a pity... I was hoping to see you... No really darling... That’s fine... Of course... another time Lovely Darling... Can’t
1) 62) text: wait...Yes... MARGARET suddenly relents, a flicker of sudden and urgent need, caught in her eyes-—
1) 63) dialog: (beat) Mark? Silence- MARK gone. MARGARET hangs up, stares at-— I Whistle A Happy Tune from the King and I just audible- INT. DRAWING ROOM.CHESTER SQUARE.PRESENT.NIGHT. MARGARET stands in the doorway, a jaunty “I Whistle A Happy Tune” seeping from the television.
1) 64) dialog: That was Mark. Not able to come.
1) 66) dialog: Well it costs him a great deal to fly everyone up here.
1) 69) dialog: Yes. He moved to Paris when he was fourteen. He played the King of Siam 4,625 times on the London and Broadway stages. What are you doing?
1) 71) dialog: You're dead, Denis.
1) 74) dialog: Gentlemen, the Argentinian Junta - which is a fascist gang - has invaded our sovereign territory. This cannot be tolerated. May I make plain my negotiating position. I will not negotiate with criminals or thugs. The Falkland islands belong to Britain, and I want them back. Gentlemen, I need you to tell me today if that is possible. 70
1) 76) dialog: Forty-eight hours?
1) 78) dialog: But?
1) 80) dialog: Why were the islands left without any naval protection?
1) 82) dialog: Did we?
1) 86) dialog: I don’t think we should be worrying about money at this point, Geoffrey.
1) 89) dialog: The government has now decided that a large task force will sail, as soon as all preparations are complete. INTERCUT (ARCHIVE FOOTAGE) the Task Force sets sail.
1) 97) dialog: Just like Hawaii, I imagine.
1) 99) dialog: 1941, when Japan attacked Pearl Harbour. Did America go cap in hand and ask Tojo for a peaceful negotiation of terms? Did she turn her back on her own citizens there because the islands were thousands of miles from mainland United States? No, no, no! We will stand on principle or we shall not stand at all.
1) 101) dialog: With all due respect sir, I have done battle every single day of my life, and many men have underestimated me before. This lot seem bound to do the same but they will rue the day. MARGARET turns to a tea trolley close by-
1) 102) dialog: Now, shall I be mother? HAGUE looks confused, MARGARET lifting the teapot- 73
1) 103) dialog: Tea, Al, how do you take your tea? Black or white? INT. CENTRE OF OPERATIONS. 1982. DAY. NAVAL MEN murmuring messages quietly to NAVAL ATTACHES. Male lips to male ears, something MARGARET has seen all her life. FRANCIS PYM and JOHN NOTT stand near MARGARET. INTERCUT (STOCK FOOTAGE) the naval fleet sails towards the Falklands. A map of South Georgia and the Falkland Islands. Model boats sit on the water, flags sit on the islands. Argentinian flags. MARGARET stares at the map. A whispered message to one of the ATTACHES. He moves a model boat on the map a few inches, leading a fleet of smaller model boats.
1) 105) dialog: Is this ship a threat?
1) 115) dialog: Sink it.
1) 121) dialog: (sotto voce) I must write to them.
1) 123) dialog: The families. I must write to them... INT. DOWNING STREET. STUDY. 1982. NIGHT. MARGARET at her desk, looks up at Pym.
1) 124) dialog: Foreign Secretary...
1) 129) dialog: (sharply) The peace plan? There will be no appeasement. This is a war. A war they started and by God, we will finish. Shall I tell you what I’m going to write to every single one of these families, these heartbroken families? I am going to tell them that no British soldier will die in vain for the Falklands. INTERCUT (STOCK FOOTAGE) muddy mass graves as the Falklands dead are buried.
1) 131) dialog: As the only Prime Minister in the history of our country who is also a mother with a son of my own, I can imagine your agony, and your grief. INTERCUT (STOCK FOOTAGE) troops march through barren landscapes, helicopters hover, a British flag.
1) 138) dialog: We congratulate the men and women of the armed Forces for their skill, bravery and loyalty to this country. INT. HOUSE OF COMMONS CHAMBER PARLIAMENT. 1982. Prime Minister’s Questions. MARGARET is at the Dispatch Box fighting it out with MICHAEL FOOT. GEOFFREY HOWE IS BESIDE HER.
1) 139) dialog: We were faced with an act of unprovoked aggression and we responded as we have responded in times past: with unity, strength and courage, sure in the knowledge that though much is sacrificed, in the end, right will prevail over wrong. Huge cheers and “hear hears” from the Conservative benches. MICHAEL FOOT shifts uncomfortably on the benches opposite. She is unstoppable.
1) 140) dialog: And I put it to the Honourable Member opposite that this is not a day for him to carp, find fault, demand inquiries- they will happen I can assure him of that for we have nothing to hide- no, this is a day to put difference aside, hold one’s head high and take pride in being British. Barnstorming cheers. We see MICHAEL FOOT, utterly outmaneuvered by her speech. The Labour benches sit silent.
1) 143) text: MARGARET’S motorcade streaks through the rainy street, Union Jack flying. MARGARET shakes hands with Indira Ghandi. Denis is presented with the pink turban. Newspaper headlines scream PROFITS, PROFITS, PROFITS! MARGARET, triumphant on the podium at party conference. MARGARET shakes hands with Gorbachev. The Berlin Wall comes down.
1) 146) dialog: I don’t agree in any measure!
1) 148) dialog: I don’t think the country is ready for it yet. 80
1) 153) dialog: Our policies may be unpopular, but they are the right policies.
1) 156) dialog: There it is again! Why not? SILENCE. 81
1) 159) dialog: Nonsense. Arrant nonsense. This is a simple proposition. In order to live in this country, you must pay for the privilege- something, anything! If you pay nothing, you care nothing. What do you care where you throw your rubbish? Your council estate is a mess, your town, graffiti, what do you care? It's not your problem , it's somebody else's problem- it's the government's problem! YOUR problem is, some of you, is that you haven't got the courage for this fight. You haven’t had to fight hard for anything. It's all been given to you- and you feel guilty about it! Well, may I say, on behalf of all those who HAVE had to fight their way up, (and who don't feel guilty about it) we resent those slackers who take, take, take, and contribute nothing to the community!
1) 160) dialog: And I see the same thing, the same cowardice in our fight within the European Union, to retain British sovereignty of Britain, the integrity of the pound! Some of you want to make concessions. I hear some of you agree with the latest French proposals. (beat) Well, why don’t you get on a boat to Calais? Yes, why don't you put on a beret, and pay 85% of your income to the French government! She has subdued them utterly. The silence is terrible.
1) 161) dialog: Right. What can we realistically hope to achieve by the end of session, Lord President? (MORE)
1) 163) dialog: And why have we not made more progress to date? What is that? Is that the timetable? I haven't seen that. May I see it?
1) 165) dialog: The wording is sloppy here, and here.
1) 167) dialog: I do say so.
1) 169) dialog: This is ridiculous. There are two “T's” in “committee”! She presses so hard that her pencil breaks, so she shoves the paper back towards him, stabbing a finger at the offending word.
1) 170) dialog: This is shameful. Shameful! I can’t even rely on you fora simple timetable! Are you unwell? Yes you are unwell. Give me the pencil, give it to me! MARGARET snaps her fingers at HOWE, gesturing for his pencil, scratching away, ringing the offending word again and again. The MINISTERS stare at the scene appalled, utterly and wretchedly embarrassed.
1) 171) dialog: If this is the best you can do I had better send you to hospital, and I shall do your job as well as my own and everyone else’s. Gentlemen. (MORE)
1) 173) dialog: As the Lord President has come to cabinet unprepared, I am obliged to close this meeting. She waits for them to take their leave, but they sit there, frozen.
1) 174) dialog: Good morning! Slowly, the men gather their papers and file out of the room, leaving MARGARET alone. She sits, gathering herself, hands shaking.
1) 182) dialog: Geoffrey-
1) 195) dialog: I am the Prime Minister. Turning to Denis.
1) 196) dialog: (offering the packet) Sweetie? (STOCK FOOTAGE) WESTMINSTER in the moonlight -
1) 203) dialog: I do think my time is best spent seeing an end to the Cold War, don’t you? After all this time they know what I stand for.
1) 209) dialog: Treachery! Her cabinet are all around her dining room table. There is no seat for her. She moves round the table.
1) 217) dialog: It was the people who put me here -
1) 219) dialog: - it’s up to them to tell me when to go. INT. STUDY. DOWNING STREET. LONDON. 1990. NIGHT. MARGARET stands, watching the evening news.
1) 223) dialog: Oh Denis. DENIS, fingers touch hers, she looks at him, sees the tender concern in his eyes. MARGARET smiles, determinedly steely under his gaze.
1) 224) dialog: I am the Prime Minister. 154 On her face as CASTA DIVA breaks through.
1) 227) dialog: The Right Honourable gentleman is afraid!
1) 229) dialog: They believe in striking, I believe in working!
1) 231) dialog: Despicable and cowardly -
1) 235) dialog: I offer my resignation after eleven and a half extraordinary years - INT. CORRIDOR. DOWNING STREET. LONDON. 1990. DAY. MARGARET descends the stairs like an operatic heroine, her hand gripping the banister of the staircase. Below the Downing St staff waiting to say goodbye. Many are in tears.
1) 236) dialog: -proud to have left Britain ina much better state than when we took office. She passes the photographs of her predecessors and stops to receive a gift, opening it-
1) 237) dialog: What's this then? A radio... How useful. She moves down the receiving line of staff. The floor is carpeted with roses. Men’s wet eyes. The door ahead. She is crying. 91 Finally reaching the door, MARGARET stands bracing herself. Denis’s hand on her shoulder standing behind.
1) 241) dialog: All those years of taking the tough decisions, does any of it matter now?
1) 243) dialog: What? DENIS lies on the bed behind her with the newspaper.
1) 245) dialog: These inept placators.
1) 247) dialog: Vacillators! Poll takers.
1) 249) dialog: So busy taking the pulse of the public!
1) 251) dialog: (pulling down a rack of Denis’s black oxford shoes onto the floor) These...weak...weak...weak...wea.. -weak...Men! DENIS’s clothes are all over the room and the main cupboard is open and empty apart from shoes. There are several bin liners already filled with clothes.
1) 252) dialog: Don’t they know if you take the tough decisions, yes people will hate you today but they’1ll thank you for generations.
1) 254) dialog: (seizing shirts and jerseys and putting them on the floor) All I wanted was to make a difference in the world.
1) 256) dialog: All I wanted was for my children to grow up well and be happy - happier than I was certainly. And I wanted you to be happy of course. Were you happy, Denis? Tell me the truth. There is no response. MARGARET is momentarily lost in the room. Then, seized by some compulsion, she begins to pull out the rest of his clothes, shoving them into black bags. As shirts and trousers go in, quick flashes of Denis - 93 His youthful face, smiling at her at the opera. Laughing on the beach in Cornwall. At the door of Number 10, smiling at her. Sharing her bed. MARGARET looks up. Denis’s suitcase is on the bed. His coat and hat lying beside it. She folds his dressing gown - the one from the bathroom hook - tenderly and puts it on the top of the case.
1) 257) dialog: Denis? Denis? And there he is by her side.
1) 258) dialog: Here’s your bag. You’re all packed, sorted. She walks him to the bedroom door and gives him a gentle kiss. DENIS starts to walk away.
1) 259) dialog: (seeing he is walking away in his socks) Denis wait...Where are your shoes? You can’t go without shoes! Not yet. DENIS straightens his hat.
1) 261) dialog: Yes...Steady...
1) 263) dialog: Steady...Steady the buffs... DENIS heading out.
1) 264) dialog: 154d NO...Not yet...Denis. Wait...I 154d said I don’t want you to go yet. The endless corridor, MARGARET calling after DENIS-— 94
1) 265) dialog: Denis...Please...No...Not...Don’t. .-NO...I don’t...I don’t want to be on my own. DENIS turns back for a moment -
1) 267) dialog: (calling out) Denis!!
1) 271) dialog: Yes, all sorted. Finished. MARGARET looks around her.
1) 273) dialog: I was just going to get dressed. 95
1) 275) dialog: Oh. No, you do it. CAROL reacts, surprised but pleased. INT. KITCHEN. CHESTER SQUARE. LONDON. PRESENT. DAY.
1) 276) text: MARGARET sit finishing a cup of tea. Hears Carol’s bustle in the downstairs hallway.
1) 280) dialog: No, dear, I’1l do it.
1) 282) dialog: No no. I’m not going anywhere. The sound of hot water running. CHINK of a teacup- MARGARET stands, washing up a tea cup. The SQUEAK of her wet cloth, working on a stubborn tea stain, puncturing the silence. The sound of birdsong and children playing drifts from the street outside. MARGARET sets the cup aside, turns and walks out of the room, and out of sight.