9) 0) text: PAUL DUNN is one of the heads of the advertising agency. He certainly holds the top position on the West Coast. His office is large. It smells of success. Obviously this is a man who has made a great deal of money and spen it where people can see it. As David enters, he sees Paul sitting behind his desk and a baldheaded gentleman, BRAD TOOLEY, seated on the couch. Brad Tooley is in his early forties, very well-dressed in the upper Eastern advertising establishment manner. As David comes in, Brad and Paul both get up.
9) 10) dialog: Very impressive. The Knudsen Orange Juice campaign was one of the best I've ever seen. Ever.
9) 24) dialog: He's giving you quite a compliment, David. I asked him for the best man he had and he didn't hesitate for a moment.
9) 29) dialog: It's Ford.
9) 61) dialog: David, I don't know all of your work, but I do know you've got to be the best here or you wouldn't be working with me on this account.
9) 67) dialog: I resent that. That's a clichВ®. New York's the greatest city there is.
9) 73) dialog: (gets up) Paul, I can't work with this man.
9) 84) dialog: I'm going back to the hotel. David, you're making a big mistake.
53) 0) text: It's Monday morning, 8:45. Thousands of New Yorkers are filing into their offices. We see the motor home pull up in front of the advertising agency. Hundreds of people are entering this building. We see that one of these people is Brad Tooley, the baldheaded man David was supposed to work under. From a LONG SHOT, we see David exit the motor home. He's still in his crossing guard uniform. He's been up for three days, taking No Doz and drinking hundreds of cups of coffee. He looks like hell. He runs down the street and corners Brad near the front entrance. Brad sees David. He's scared. He can't believe it. He starts to run. He tries to escape. David turns after him. All this is shown ina LONG SHOT, with the busy Madison Avenue traffic in the foreground. We hear David yelling:
53) 1) text: Brad, I made it! Three weeks on the button! Let's go to work. We got Fords to sell! Brad looks frightened. He'd like to get away but he can't. David catches up to him. He grabs him around the waist. He drops to his knees. He begins to plead. As New Yorkers pass by going about their business, we see David begging. Brad just staring down at him. OVER THIS SCENE the following CRAWL appears on the screen "Most people lead their entire lives without ever having the courage to break the mold, to find out who they really are and what life is all about. Those that do should take Route 16. This goes through Utah, avoiding the state of Nevada completely."