2) 0) text: The bed is the only piece of furniture left. The CAM- ERA STOPS. In front of the bed is a small black-and- white television. In bed are DAVID and NANCY HOWARD. Nancy is rolled over on her side. David is lying on his back with his eyes wide open.
2) 1) dialog: Nancy? Nancy?
2) 3) dialog: Sleeping?
2) 5) dialog: Maybe we shouldn't move.
2) 7) dialog: Nothing. It's just time to ask these questions.
2) 9) text: Okay, fine. I can't talk to you. Good night. David pretends like he's actually going to go to sleep.
2) 11) dialog: Boy, you should hear yourself. The excitement in your voice just fills the room.
2) 13) dialog: Fine.
2) 15) dialog: Good night. Nancy tries to go back to sleep. David just lies there.
2) 16) dialog: (continuing) But why that house?
2) 18) dialog: I think it's too close to here. It's going to feel like the same place. Maybe we really didn't think about this long enough.
2) 20) dialog: Yes, but the point of a house is not just space. You can rent space. Maybe we should've moved into a completely different neighborhood, a step up or something. Maybe we should've gotten a house with a tennis court.
2) 22) dialog: Sure we don't play tennis. We don't have a court. When you have a court, you learn.
2) 24) dialog: Let me ask you one more question? Why did we let Bekins do all of our packing?
2) 26) dialog: Isn't that a waste of money? We could've packed ourselves. Maybe we were too irresponsible.
2) 28) dialog: What does that mean?
2) 30) dialog: Don't assume how I'm feeling. What do you mean "nothing"? If you're saying we should be more irresponsible, I imagine you mean we're too responsible? Is that right?
2) 32) dialog: Oh, I see. Well, tell me something? How do you go out and buy a four-hundred-thousand- dollar house and let a moving company pack everything and get maids and servants and live the good life and not be controlled?
2) 34) dialog: It doesn't matter what I'm talking about. David gets up. He takes his pillow with him.
2) 35) dialog: (continuing) I'm going to sleep in the garage.
2) 37) dialog: Why not? I'm responsible. I should be guarding the car.
2) 39) dialog: (yelling from the kitchen) You're right. I am insane. I am insane and I'm responsible. A very, very good combination. We STAY in the bedroom with Nancy. She lies there. Her eyes are open. She's staring straight ahead. She looks sad. After a moment, David reappears at the door.
2) 40) dialog: I am not an animal.
2) 42) dialog: I am not an animal. I will not sleep in the garage.
2) 44) dialog: (sitting down on the bed) I apologize, okay? But don't call me names.
2) 46) dialog: You know what names. Calling me responsible is saying what? That I'm closed up. I'm old. I'm stodgy. That's not fair. I don't like the way things are any more than anybody else does but what am I supposed to do? I'm trying. What about you? You're as responsible as I am. Personnel Director for a department store is not the most irresponsible job in the world. Go hire anyone you want. Think you'd be fired fast if you did that? How much freedom do you have? We're all in the same boat. We're trying to make something of ourselves and it's hard. Okay?
2) 48) dialog: No, I'm glad you used that word. It's honest but things are going to get better. They're going to change.
2) 50) dialog: Yes, but this time it's different. After tomorrow I'm no longer an employee, I'm a Vice President. I'll be my own boss. I'll have a piece of the company. You see what I mean? I can be more irresponsible because I'll be in a position of responsibility. That makes sense, doesn't it?
2) 52) dialog: Okay, go to sleep. Nancy and David both lie down, each facing the oppo- site direction. After a few seconds...
2) 53) dialog: (continuing) It does make sense and things will work out, don't you think so? No answer.
2) 54) dialog: (continuing) Nancy? No answer.
2) 55) dialog: (continuing) Asleep already? No answer.
2) 56) dialog: (continuing) Maybe men are supposed to fall asleep last. It could be a protective thing.
3) 0) text: David is brushing his teeth. He stops for a minute and looks in the mirror. He starts talking, pretend- ing the face he's seeing is the one of his boss.
3) 1) dialog: What can I say? I'd be a liar if I tell you I'm surprised. I do feel it's deserved but yes, I still am flattered... That's very nice. Thank you... Oh, stop, please. I've never been good at taking too many compliments at once... Well, I feel the same way about you. Nancy walks in during this. She watches him for a bit.
3) 3) dialog: (caught off guard) Why? Nothing.
3) 5) dialog: I'm not talking to anybody. What is it?
3) 7) dialog: Wait a second. I can't do this today. I can't choose tiles. This is my big day. Please? You do it.
3) 9) dialog: I'm very nervous and it's your kitchen anyway. You'll make the right choice.
3) 11) dialog: But I'm not thinking about anything when I'm in the kitchen. I don't really care.
3) 13) dialog: Come on. It's just today.
3) 18) dialog: Thank you. And I trust any decision you make. You have great taste. There's no answer.
3) 19) dialog: (continuing; call- ing after her) Really, you have great taste. (turns back around to the mirror) I'm sorry. That was my wife... Yes, she has wonderful taste. She's going to choose the whole tile thing herself. Originally, we were going to do it together but it's nice to be able to trust someone, don't you think?... Well, that's very nice. I trust you, too. Hey!... When our house is finished maybe you'd like to come over and play tennis... No, but we might put one in.
4) 0) text: We see David pulling into the garage.
5) 0) text: David is walking down the corridor towards his office. He's saying "Hello"'s to various people. He comes to his own office. There we see his secretary, SUSAN, on the telephone. Obviously, she's making a personal call and she hangs up abnormally fast as soon as she sees David.
5) 1) dialog: Morning.
5) 3) dialog: Oh my God. What time is it now?
5) 5) dialog: Okay. (thinking aloud) Ten-thirty, eleven, eleven-fifteen okay. Susan, don't let any calls in. I don't want to be bothered. I don't want to do any business. I just want to prepare. David walks into his office. After a beat, he sticks his head out.
5) 6) dialog: (continuing) Oh yes. Get me Valley Mercedes, will you?
7) 1) dialog: Oh, then tax, license, out-the- door, everything included, what are we talking about?... Thirty- six thousand, five hundred and twelve. Jesus! For a car... No I know, a Mercedes. It's still a car... Well, I don't care. To me, if it has wheels, it's a car. But that's not the point. Now, that's everything, right? That's it? You don't have to pay that money and then be told that there are options? No extras, everything included... Come on! - For thirty- seven thousand, leather is extra? What kind of seats are in there?... What is Mercedes Leather?... So, why don't you just say vinyl?... Okay, thick vinyl, but it's still vinyl... Okay, these kind of semantic arguments are silly. The BUZZER RINGS.
7) 2) dialog: (continuing) Just a moment. (presses the intercom) Yes?
7) 4) dialog: Thank you. Susan, I have another one of these Mercedes guys on the phone, he won't hang up. Would you do something with him please? David hangs up. He stands and walks over to a small mirror. He straightens his tie, fixes his jacket and carries on one more little conversation with himself as the boss.
7) 5) dialog: (continuing) What can I say? I guess, thank you... Oh, no. I can't take your office. This is too nice. Where would you sit?... Well, you are a very generous man. He smiles and exits his office.
8) 2) dialog: I know.
8) 4) dialog: Thanks, Susan. We FOLLOW David as he rounds the corners of this large building on the way to Paul Dunn's office. With each step he is ready to accept this new responsibility. He stops at his boss's secretary, MARGARET, a woman in her older forties, a true executive type.
8) 6) dialog: Thank you and so do you, Margaret.
8) 8) dialog: Thanks. David enters.
9) 0) text: PAUL DUNN is one of the heads of the advertising agency. He certainly holds the top position on the West Coast. His office is large. It smells of success. Obviously this is a man who has made a great deal of money and spen it where people can see it. As David enters, he sees Paul sitting behind his desk and a baldheaded gentleman, BRAD TOOLEY, seated on the couch. Brad Tooley is in his early forties, very well-dressed in the upper Eastern advertising establishment manner. As David comes in, Brad and Paul both get up.
9) 2) dialog: I'm fine. I'm excited.
9) 4) dialog: That's wonderful.
9) 6) dialog: Brad, it's a pleasure. David and Brad shake hands.
9) 8) dialog: Well, that's exciting. They all sit down again. David doesn't know quite what to make of the fact that Brad is in this meeting. He just assumes this is part of the ceremony of being made vice president.
9) 11) dialog: (he smiles; he's in his glory) Well, thank you.
9) 13) dialog: Oh, my God! That's wonderful!
9) 15) dialog: I'm stunned. When did this happen?
9) 17) dialog: That's wonderful. Just wonderful. God, what a week. What a week for all of us.
9) 19) dialog: (interrupts) Paul, you don't have to say anything. As the new vice president, I know what this means to the company. I'm here twenty-four hours a day.
9) 21) dialog: Wait a second. You gave me too much information. I'm valuable and I'm vice president?
9) 23) dialog: What?
9) 25) dialog: He didn't? Well, I don't want to move to New York.
9) 27) dialog: I want to be the vice president. I want to be a stockholder in this company. It was promised to me. I don't mind working on Ford. Don't get me wrong. I think it would be a joy to work on but I'll work on it as vice president. I've been here eight years, Paul. I don't want to be transferred to just another account.
9) 30) dialog: Brad, I know it's Ford. I've owned Fords, okay? Now, Paul, I feel it's only fair to keep your promise.
9) 32) dialog: Wait a minute. What about these lunches that we've been having for the last four years? I believe we talked about grooming me for vice president. Phil Shubano's been here only three years. Why?
9) 34) dialog: Oh, great. I think that's wonderful. So, by being extra clever, I get thrown out of the town that I live in, with no promotion, no nothing, and just shifted to another account. He, on the other hand, because of his low intelligence and short time with the company stays here, gets a large amount of stock and becomes vice president. Well, that makes sense!
9) 38) dialog: No one's bursting in here?
9) 40) dialog: No? Oh God. But, wait a minute, I'm vice president, right?
9) 42) dialog: Yes!
9) 44) dialog: Stop saying no! Just a minute. I can't go to New York. This is my home. My wife and I live here. I just bought a four-hundred thousand dollar house. I'm picking tile out at this very moment. What am I going to do? Burn it down?
9) 46) dialog: Me and Brad get along? Are you crazy? I've worked here eight years, for what? For me and Brad to get along? I was born in this city. All my friends are here. I like it. We're joking, aren't we? This is a joke.
9) 48) dialog: What do you mean, a joke?
9) 50) dialog: I'm going to New York City?
9) 52) dialog: Oh, you would?
9) 54) dialog: What's bigger than being vice president? That's all I want. Maybe I'm wrong, but I think I've already stepped on every stone we have here, haven't I?
9) 58) dialog: Who has it?
9) 60) dialog: Well, obviously, I'm blocking this man's name, aren't I?
9) 62) dialog: Brad, shut up! Don't talk! This is my day. Paul, look what you're doing. I've been with this company a very, very long time. I'm one of the oldest employees on this coast aren't I? Now, I must get what I deserve. I will be made vice president and I will get the stock and I will participate in the ownership of the company and that's that.
9) 64) dialog: You thought I'd be thrilled? I can't believe it. Why the hell don't you go to New York? If it's so thrilling, come on, I'll take you to the airport. I'll put you on a plane right now.
9) 66) dialog: Yeah, that's right and you don't want to go back because as soon as you land at the airport, people steal everything you've got.
9) 68) dialog: Sit down. Just sit down and shut up.
9) 70) dialog: No. I haven't even started yet. Now listen, let's say a giant mistake was made. Pretend none of this was ever said. I'm the vice president. Everything will be fine. I'll stay here. I'11 work on Ford. I'll move into my new house. You and Brad can come over for drinks. And now, let's bring out Allen Funt and everybody will yell, "Surprise," right? I'm vice president, right?
9) 72) dialog: Well, then you can go fuck yourself!
9) 77) dialog: Fuck you!
9) 79) dialog: I wasted my youth for you and for what? What do you mean jeopardize eight years? What eight years? All I did was live for the future. Why didn't you tell me a long time ago that I was too clever? You should have told me five years ago, then I could've gone somewhere else.
9) 81) dialog: Don't say anything else. I'll kill you.
9) 83) dialog: Oh, I can't believe it. Security. Okay, listen to me. I want my eight years back! Give me my life back! I want my eight years back! Give them to me! Paul stares at him. Brad gets up.
9) 85) dialog: You don't even know me, you baldheaded fart! Brad stares at him and then walks out. He turns back to Paul.
9) 86) dialog: (continuing) I can't believe that I almost wasted my entire life here! I've been waiting very, very patiently and I realize now what would've happened. This would've gone on for years and years and years and when I was seventy, I would've gotten a watch. Actually you wouldn't even have given me a watch. You would've told me I was too clever, that I would instinctively know the time. You know something, Paul? I made fun of my friends who dropped out of college and went to "find themselves." I told them they were stupid. I laughed at them. And what did I do? I went with you. Good choice, wasn't it? What did I get for doing that? A transfer. I could've gotten that from a bus. You're a human bus, Jesus Christ! You liar! I don't know where those drop-outs are today, but I've got to find them! I owe them a big apology. 'Cause let me tell you something. They have more integrity on their little tab of acid than you have in your entire body, you big fucking jerk! A security guard enters.
9) 88) dialog: He doesn't have to escort me out. I'm honored to leave. David opens the office door. He begins to yell so everyone can hear him. This is reminiscent of the scene from "Network."
9) 89) dialog: (continuing) Before I leave, I think it's very important for everyone in this company to know what went on in here today. I don't know how many lunches you've all had with that man and I don't know what he's said over salad or dessert or whatever he buys you, but you better not believe it! He's a real smoothie! He'll tell you about the stepping stones! That's his favorite expression. He'll tell you about the stepping stones and where they lead. Well, I found out where they lead! To a baldheaded fat man in New York! Get out! Get out now! Smell the roses! Smell anything! Just smell! Smell before it's too late!! The office is applauding wildly. We HOLD on them for a second.
10) 0) text: David walks hurriedly towards the elevators oblivious to the others.
11) 0) text: David is walking towards the personnel office. We've never seen him like this before. He's alive. He's got more than bounce in his step. It's as if he weighs 12 pounds. He's on another planet. He's smiling at every- body. He has the look of a "Re-born." As he enters the personnel department, he sees Nancy in her office. Because Nancy's office is separated from the others by a thin piece of glass, if you speak too loudly everyone can hear. David is not about to lower his voice. He has no concept anymore of volume. He's just too excited. David bursts in.
11) 1) dialog: Nancy! Nancy looks up.
11) 3) dialog: Nancy, come here. (he pulls her up by her shoulders) Quit. Quit, right now. We're getting out.
11) 5) dialog: Now. Quit.
11) 9) dialog: Surprised, aren't you? You wouldn't have believed me. You would've loved it. No more me. No more waiting. No more responsible David. Jesus, they were leading me down a dead-end street! I've been on the wrong road. I realize what you meant. I've been too responsible. So responsible, God! I've been responsibly blind!
11) 11) dialog: Stop. Don't do this. Don't. I'm giving you the credit. You did mean it and you were right. I don't know where the hell I've been for the last ten years. What happened to me? I lost the feeling of life. Jesus, I was being jacked off. Nancy, they were just jacking me off! David's voice is a bit loud. We can see people look from other offices.
11) 13) dialog: (whispering) Okay. They were jacking me off. (his voice starts to rise again) They were leading me down this road. You know, this road?
11) 15) dialog: The road to nowhere. You know the road. The Nowhere Road. I was being tugged along with this carrot. "Come here. Come here. Come here." But no one told me it was a fucking cul-de-sac! We've been on the wrong road.
11) 17) dialog: (laughing it off) Oh, Nancy, that's all over now. That's kid's stuff. (in a childlike voice) Vice President. Class Secretary. Cloakroom Monitor. Treasurer. They're all stupid. (regular voice) If you really want to know who it was, it was Phil Shubano.
11) 19) dialog: We'll never know. The Lord works in mysterious ways, but if there is a God, you know what will happen to Phil? He'll get his profit sharing and he'll buy a boat with it and he'll crash the boat and die.
11) 21) dialog: Of course I like him, the under- qualified son-of-a-bitch. Okay I was harsh. He'll crash the boat. He'll have a serious injury but he'll recover. But forget about Phil! Forget about the vice presidency! That's the past. Nancy, it's time to do it. We're still young. We can change courses. We can do what we should've done years ago, what our smart friends did. We can get out there. We can get out and see this country. We can find out what it's about. We can touch Indians. We can live in the mountains. We can do anything we want to do. And we're still young enough to really explore. So come on, let's go. We're late. I'll wait here. Go quit. Come on. We're leaving.
11) 23) dialog: (looking at her with a lust we haven't seen before) Oh, God, I want to fuck you. Come on. Let's fuck, right here. Nancy is trying, without success, not to call anymore attention to this particular discussion.
11) 25) dialog: There's always going to be people around. That was the problem. We lived for them, not for us. It's okay. There are some people you want to fuck in front of and some people you don't. Maybe you don't want to fuck in front of these people, I don't mind. I'll be outside. You quit. I'll wait!
11) 27) dialog: Okay, but we're saved. Honey, we're saved. Somebody up there likes us. I don't know who it is, but we're going to find them. We'll find everybody who likes us. We'll start finding people who understand what life is all about. We'll find people who are really searching. We'll find people who are willing to take a chance. Look, I'll just get all excited and get into it all again. You go and finish what you have to do and then I'll see you tonight. David exits. Nancy watches him go. She's expressionless. She doesn't quite know what to make of this. You can sense that part of her thinks that maybe her prayers were answered, maybe this is how the marriage can be saved. You can also sense that part of her isn't sure her husban is sane. Maybe this won't last more than an hour and you can sense the last part of her is still embarrassed that the other employees she works with have heard words like "fuck" and "jacking off." This is a woman of many parts.
12) 0) text: David and Nancy are sitting on the floor. They're surrounded by various maps, atlases and cata- logues that show different pieces of property around the United States, property that most people forget even exist. These places look amazing in their little pictures and, in fact, they might be amazing. It's just that almost no one ever gets there to see them for real. The longer Nancy has a chance to see what her husband is saying, the more excited she becomes.
12) 2) dialog: Because it's there. It's not here. We're used to this city. You know what our new house would cost, if it were where this farmhouse was? Not four hundred thousand, maybe sixty thousand if we were lucky. Nancy is still looking at pages in the catalogue. She stops at one picture. She is fascinated.
12) 4) dialog: Well, maybe you go to Maine and find out. Or you don't. You do anything you want. Nancy, look at this... He opens a piece of paper, showing her the arithmetic he has worked on all afternoon.
12) 5) dialog: (continuing) This seems to make sense to me. You tell me what you think. The one good thing about spending all this time in Los Angeles was that we got a free ride on this bullshit inflation train. Don't ask me how it happened, but we made a hundred and ninety thousand dollar profit by staying in this house for less than five years. Now, that was money we were never going to see 'cause we were about to put it back into another stupid house. Okay. We pull out of that house, we lose our fifteen thousand dollars in Escrow, we take the money from this house, we liquidate everything else we have, cars, stocks, bonds, everything... Nancy, we have two hundred thousand dollars!
12) 7) dialog: We do. David shows her the figures. As Nancy looks at the piece of paper, he continues:
12) 8) dialog: (continuing) All we need to buy is a motor home and we should get a great one because we might live there for the rest of our lives, or for five years or ten years or whatever.
12) 10) dialog: Guess who went motor home shopping? We can get a great one for twenty- five thousand dollars. If there's one thing you can get a deal on it's a motor home. This is the best time in history to drop out. It's a buyer's market!
12) 12) dialog: Yes! On that kind of money we could ramble across the country for years! We can paint, we can explore, we can meet amazing people.
12) 14) dialog: Yes! Then if we get sick of that we could sell it and move on.
12) 16) dialog: Great! Alaska's great! We can do anything we want.
12) 18) dialog: Yes. We talked about finding ourselves but we laughed it off because we had no money. Now we can do it in comfort. We've got our nest egg. This is a dream come true. Nancy has a tear in her eye. David sees it.
12) 19) dialog: (continuing) What's wrong? Are you okay?
12) 21) dialog: Who's stopping us? Nancy stares. She thinks about that question. She can't come up with an answer. Finally, almost in tears.
13) 0) text: PETE HIRSCH is one of David's former associates at the agency. He and his wife are throwing a party for David and Nancy, a final farewell gathering. There are people milling about, talking, general good cheer. David and Nancy are the heroes of the evening. In the corner of the room is a huge cake. The CAMERA MOVES ABOUT, PICKING UP various bits of conversation.
14) 0) text: A group of men are gathered around David. One of David's friends at work, JIM, is speaking:
14) 2) dialog: Did anyone else leave?
14) 4) dialog: Well, when the time's right, if people want to leave, they will.
14) 6) dialog: I don't know that it's guts. It just takes a certain kind of person.
14) 8) dialog: Whatever makes you happy.
14) 10) dialog: Beauties. What are they? Bally's?
14) 12) dialog: (starts to touch the bottom of his shoe and then stops) No, I don't know where you've been, Jim. I don't want to touch your shoe. They're beautiful. Good thick sole. Nancy calls across the room to David.
14) 14) dialog: Hello, Jack. How are you?
14) 16) dialog: (shakes hands) Hi, Carol.
14) 18) dialog: Let's call me David from now on. Just for old times sake. Jack
14) 20) dialog: Really?
14) 23) dialog: La Costa? For a whole weekend, huh? That's great.
14) 25) dialog: Actually we haven't talked too much about American business lately.
14) 27) dialog: Well, if it's good for you, I'm real happy.
14) 29) dialog: Jack, we're not going to be around people who will care. I promise you. I don't think a guide at the Grand Canyon knows or cares too much about the acquisition of a department store in L.A.
14) 31) dialog: Well, that's good to know.
14) 35) dialog: (interrupts) Jack, please? Pete Hirsch yells from across the room.
14) 38) dialog: That's it, huh? What a well thought out toast. Thank you, Pete. People laugh. Scattered laughter around the room.
14) 39) dialog: (continuing) Well, I think it's time for me to say something right now. We hear a little applause. "Speech! Speech!"
14) 40) text: (continuing; calling Nancy over) Sweetheart, would you come here? David and Nancy stand together, arm-in-arm.
14) 41) dialog: (continuing) I have a surprise for my wife and I would like to share it, not only with her, but with you, who we consider our closest friends. We do have some other close friends. I'm sure they got lost. People laugh.
14) 42) dialog: (continuing) When Nancy and I were married we had dreams and plans and I guess in the pursuit of those things, we kind of lost each other. Tomorrow morning, when we leave here, we have no destination. Our only goal is to find out who we really are and what it is that's really out there. We're going to be adventurers in the classic sense of the word, but there is one place that we will stop at first. (reaches into his pocket and takes out a little box) That place is Las Vegas, Nevada.
14) 44) dialog: Well, if this is to be a new beginning, I think there's only one way to really show it to this woman that I love. So, tomorrow evening my wife and I are going to be remarried. People applaud. Nancy is overwhelmed. She opens the little box and there is a ruby ring.
14) 47) dialog: Well, I'd like to say it was nothing, but that small little ruby cost a fortune. People laugh.
14) 48) dialog: (continuing) That's okay, it's budgeted for. A little laughter again.
14) 49) dialog: (continuing) And now, I would like to propose a toast. Everyone raises their glasses.
14) 50) dialog: (continuing) To you, our loyal friends, we will miss you. To my lovely new bride, I want to know you all over again... And to America, get ready. Here we come! Everybody drinks. As they do we...
16) 0) text: David is driving. Nancy is in the back in the kitchen area.
16) 1) dialog: Honey, we're two minutes from crossing the city limits. Come up front. This is historic.
16) 3) dialog: Our new house? No, some poor sucker's new house. This is our new house and I love it.
16) 4) text: Nancy walks up towards the front with two melted cheese sandwiches. No matter how horrible the sandwiches looked or tasted, to David, it would be great. That's his new attitude.
16) 5) dialog: (continuing) Boy, does this smell good. How long did it take to melt this?
16) 9) dialog: Forever. I hope we can recognize it. Nancy smiles. This is certainly the best mood she's been in for a long time.
16) 11) dialog: I know. It's just that we weren't good friends there.
16) 13) dialog: No, not at all. Well, let's say I'm scared in the same way Columbus was scared.
16) 15) dialog: Well, I think he covered himself.
16) 17) dialog: Oh, let's say there was the Pinta, the Nina and the Santa Maria. I'd bet everything I have that Columbus was in the Santa Maria. If the world was flat, I think he'd watch the Pinta and the Nina go. Then he'd tell the Santa Maria to turn around. He'd probably just go back and have sex with the Queen again. I don't think he was a complete schmuck.
16) 19) dialog: That's right. However, we should keep our eye on that Buick ahead. If it falls off the earth, it would be wise to pull over and re- evaluate.
17) 0) text: The town is all lit up. The motor home pulls up in front of a 24-hour wedding chapel. David stops. He stares at the chapel through the window.
18) 1) dialog: Doesn't it look beautiful? I'm excited. (opens the door and starts to get out) Let me find out what we do. I'll get all the information.
18) 3) dialog: What?
18) 5) dialog: I'm excited.
18) 7) dialog: Why? We should get married now and then drive out to the Grand Canyon and have our second honeymoon under the stars. What could be better than that?
18) 9) dialog: That sounds nice. Alright. We'll camp out some place tonight and then come back before dawn. As a matter-of-fact, these places will be less crowded then. Good idea. Nancy, you're a genius. He starts the engine.
18) 11) dialog: 21 What?
18) 13) dialog: Sweetheart, we don't want to stay in a Vegas hotel. This is what we've left, this money-grabbing, horrible society.
18) 15) dialog: We want to touch Indians.
18) 17) dialog: Well, okay.
18) 19) dialog: No, it's okay. As a matter-of-fact, it might be very exciting. We haven't been in a bath together for a long time.
19) 0) text: David pulls the motor home into the parking lot and turns over the keys to the young parking attendant.
20) 0) text: David and Nancy are coming through the main doors. We can see the motor home being driven out of the drive- way by one of the valet parking attendants. David looks behind him and watches the home drive off. He's nervous.
20) 1) dialog: I don't think they know how to drive those things. He could ruin it.
20) 3) dialog: You never told me you came here. When?
20) 6) dialog: My wife and I have dropped out of society and we're making this statement, but we want to spend one last night here. We're planning to get up at the crack of dawn and get remarried and...
20) 8) dialog: (whispering back) I'm getting to it. I know what I'm doing. (to the Clerk) Anyway, we're going to get up very early and get remarried so we want something very special because we're doing something special. My point is, we'd like your finest bridal suite.
20) 10) dialog: No, I told you, we just dropped out. We don't do reservation things anymore. We're living spontaneously.
20) 12) dialog: What other rooms do you have?
20) 14) dialog: What?
20) 16) dialog: What do you mean?
20) 18) dialog: What?
20) 20) dialog: Why?
20) 22) dialog: How do you know?
20) 24) dialog: Hello, again. (slips him the fifty) Do me a favor? I've worked with computers. I know what can happen. Sometimes these things get fouled up. Would you check one more time? Maybe the bridal suite was empty and the room next to it was occupied and the computer got mixed up.
20) 26) dialog: You're sure?
20) 29) dialog: Jesus. Really? Nancy nods yes. David turns back to the Clerk.
20) 30) dialog: (continuing) Listen, I'm not very good at this. I don't get good seats in shows because of this problem. I don't get good tables in restaurants. I've really never been good at this particular kind of exchange of money so, how much do you want?
20) 32) dialog: Fine. (hands him more cash) Here you go. A hundred. Now, I assume we don't have to continue this computer talk again and say that it's working now and everything? The Clerk doesn't even bother to answer. He reaches behind the desk and hands David his key.
20) 36) dialog: Thank you very much. I'm sure the hundred doesn't apply towards the room at all.
20) 38) dialog: Of course. I was kidding all along. David and Nancy leave the desk and walk towards the elevator.
20) 39) dialog: (continuing) Tell me we didn't do the right thing, getting out of this horrible society? Jesus Christ, I told the guy we dropped out. Did that make any difference? No. I said we're making a statement. What did he do? Stare at me. I said we're getting remarried. What does he finally say? Give me more money. God! How does a guy like that even live?
20) 41) dialog: No, I meant with himself. How does he... Never mind.
21) 0) text: David and Nancy enter. Apparently, the hundred dollars was not quite enough. This could not be Desert Inn's best bridal suite. This looks like the junior bridal suite, at best. At one end of the room are two twin heart-shaped beds. Above them, there's a mirror, heavily-flocked with gold specks. The rest of the room is decorated in standard red velour. Nancy is disappointed. David is confused. He can't figure out how any manufacturer could make a living turning out twin heart-shaped beds.
21) 2) dialog: That's okay. It's locked in our house. I'll get it later. Thank you very much. David reaches into his pocket and gives the man a dollar.
21) 3) dialog: (continuing) I haven't been here in years. I hope this is enough. If it isn't, take some from the clerk. I gave him a hundred. The Porter looks at David and walks out without saying a word.
21) 5) dialog: I think if Liberace had children, this would be their room. Cute little hearts, aren't they?
21) 7) dialog: Let's hold onto the cash we have. I don't want any more favors. We can try and push these together. They try but they find very quickly that hearts don't fit together. After a few attempts, they give up.
21) 8) dialog: (continuing) Look, we can crawl over the ventricles when we want to have sex. It'll be exciting. Why don't you order something up, okay? Order up a great meal and some great champagne. I'll go run the bath. David walks into the bathroom. Nancy sits down on the bed. She picks up the room service menu and starts to read through it. She calls to David.
21) 10) dialog: (walking out of the bathroom) There's no bath in there, honey.
21) 12) dialog: I have no reason to lie to you. Go look for yourself. There's a very teeny, heart-shaped shower and a medium sized, heart- shaped sink. At best, we can wash our socks together.
21) 14) dialog: Not at all.
21) 16) dialog: I don't want to leave the room. I just want to be with you tonight, here. It's our honeymoon. We should order up like we planned and then we can figure out a way to make love. Somewhere in this room, there has to be space.
21) 18) dialog: Good. You get nice and sexy because when you come out, we'll pack and leave.
21) 20) dialog: I'm joking with you. Now, hurry up, I'm getting horny. When you come out, I'll be the naked one on the right heart. I might even be looking at myself in the mirror and masturbating. Although, I don't think I can see myself through all this gold flock.
21) 23) dialog: Rise and shine, my darling wife. (singing to the tune of "My Fair Lady") We're getting married this morning. We're... He stops singing. She doesn't seem to be in the other bed. The room's still a little dark. Maybe David isn't seeing clearly yet. He's patting all over the bed.
21) 24) dialog: (continuing) Nancy? Honey? He realizes she's not there. He gets up and walks towards the bathroom.
21) 25) dialog: (continuing) Honey? Are you in there? Nancy? There's no answer. Obviously, she's not in the bathroom. Possibly, she's gone down the hall to get ice. He opens the door and calls down the hall.
21) 26) dialog: (continuing) Honey? Nancy? Are you at the ice machine? He goes back into the room. He picks up the phone. A WOMAN'S VOICE answers.
21) 28) dialog: Yes. I'd like to page Nancy Howard, please.
21) 30) dialog: Probably in the coffee shop. David sits and waits. After a short pause:
21) 32) dialog: Hi, honey. Had a sex change, huh? (laughs at his joke) I think you picked up the wrong phone. I'm paging my wife.
21) 34) dialog: Yes.
21) 36) dialog: Why? Is there something wrong?
21) 38) dialog: What do I have to say to her? Is she winning?
21) 40) dialog: (hangs up the phone) Oh my God!
22) 0) text: David comes tearing into the casino. He is still in his bathrobe. A SECURITY GUARD stops him.
22) 2) text: What are you, crazy? I saw Electric Horseman. Animals rode through here. Excuse me. He pushes past the Guard. He looks frantically around trying to find Nancy. At this hour of the morning, it's easy to spot people. There aren't too many of them. He sees her. She's off in the corner at the roulette table. There's a small group of people around her. They seem to be watching, she seems to be gambling. David walks as fast as he can. He doesn't want to run, his robe might open up. As he approaches Nancy, he is frightened by what he sees. She is a maniac. She has been up for hours. The transformation is scary. It's like Jekyll and Hyde. She's frantically moving chips all around the table.
22) 3) dialog: (continuing) Honey? What are you doing?
22) 5) dialog: Honey?
22) 7) dialog: What's going on?
22) 11) text: Honey, calm down. Sweetheart? The Man who spoke to David on the telephone approaches him at the table.
22) 13) dialog: What is it? The Man takes David aside.
22) 15) dialog: What do you mean she's not been on a lucky streak? She's losing?
22) 17) dialog: Honey, I want to talk to you.
22) 22) dialog: (now a little excited himself) Hey, that is great. You're a winner. (to Dealer) How much was that? How much did she win?
22) 24) dialog: Alright. Nothing wrong with that. What's wrong with that? Now, what does this man mean who says you weren't on a lucky streak?
22) 26) dialog: But you're up now, right?
22) 28) dialog: (walking over to him) Boy, she keeps betting eight, huh? How down is she exactly?
22) 30) dialog: What do you mean? A thousand? At this moment, we hear a GROAN from the roulette table. The ball has dropped into double zero. David runs back over. He sees the Dealer taking the chips off of eight.
22) 32) dialog: Just a minute. Nancy, stop.
22) 34) dialog: Well, according to some people here, I'm not bringing anything. You're already having bad luck.
22) 38) dialog: This man over here says you're very down. What does he mean?
22) 40) dialog: Nancy, stop betting eight. There's hundreds of numbers on this table. Why the hell do you keep betting eight? Now, how much have we lost?
22) 42) dialog: What do you mean everything? Did you say everything? At this moment, the ball falls into number nine. The Dealer takes the last of Nancy's chips.
22) 44) dialog: (beginning to take charge) Come over here. Come with me. He drags Nancy away from the roulette table. She turns around. She's yelling at the Dealer.
22) 46) dialog: There's nothing on the board. You're not at the table. You haven't placed a bet. Stop yelling eight. He doesn't care anymore.
22) 48) dialog: No, you're about to get hit. Come on. We have some serious talking to do. David starts to pull Nancy out of the casino. He passes by a one-dollar progressive slot machine with Nancy in tow as BELLS START TO RING and LIGHTS FLASH. An OLDER WOMAN has hit the jackpot and starts to scream.
22) 51) dialog: It's too late. You chose the table. Let's get out of here.
23) 0) text: They sit down at one of the tables. David looks a little worried. Nancy is still frantic. She's mixed up. She's also looking around for a Keno girl. She's obviously in some sort of a daze.
23) 1) dialog: Okay, talk. What's going on?
23) 3) dialog: Three hundred thousand dollars? That's a lot of money!
23) 5) dialog: But when I came downstairs they were all gone. You didn't have any.
23) 7) dialog: Let's wait on that for just a second. So, everything is gone and I'm trying to figure out the word "everything." We had a little bit of cash with us and you lost that?
23) 9) dialog: So, what did you do? You got more cash?
23) 11) dialog: So, you wrote a check then?
23) 13) dialog: You started drawing cash from our nest egg?
23) 15) dialog: How much of the nest egg did you take? What's left?
23) 17) dialog: Oh, my God. By "everything" you mean "nothing."
23) 21) dialog: Give or take a thousand? Give or take a thousand? David is holding on to one of his testicles so as not to kill this woman. This is the first time in his life, where he truly can't comprehend what he has heard.
23) 22) dialog: (continuing) Oh my God! Oh my God! I understand what we mean now. I understand what we all mean. Oh my God! My God! My God! David puts his hand to his forehead. He looks around. He's thinking. Something must be done. Something must be done quickly.
23) 23) dialog: (continuing) Oh my God! Alright. Let's not panic. David thinks of something. He stands up from the table and yells as loud as he can.
23) 24) dialog: (continuing) Bellhop, please. Bellhop, in here, please. There's an emergency! He sits down, he's rubbing his head.
23) 26) dialog: Nothing. Just wait. Oh my God!
23) 28) dialog: Not now. I don't know that feeling now, no. The BELLHOP approaches.
23) 30) dialog: First of all, I was speaking to a gentleman in the casino who seemed to be in charge there. He's what?
23) 32) dialog: Yes. What's his name?
23) 34) dialog: Fine. Does he have an office?
23) 36) dialog: Fine. Alright. Now would you please do me a favor? My wife is tired and would you escort her to 820. (hands the Bellhop his room key) Would you please sit with her, maybe she'll want to take a shower or whatever, and just don't leave the room. I'll be up in a little while. But please don't leave. I don't want her to be alone right now.
23) 38) dialog: I'll explain it to you later. They all get up. They exit the coffee shop. 27
24) 1) dialog: (speaking to Nancy as if she has just had a nervous breakdown) Just relax. Lie down, if you want. Have some water. I'll be up ina few minutes.
24) 3) dialog: I'm not talking to you in any particular way. I'm just trying to keep everything calm and I'm trying to remain calm. I'm also trying to think what I can do to help us out now. (to the Bellhop) The man's name again? The Pit Boss?
24) 5) dialog: Thank you. They are now at the elevators.
25) 0) text: David walks very slowly towards Shuster's office. You can tell he's thinking. He approaches the front desk and clears his throat, trying to act dignified. The robe diminishes this a bit.
25) 1) dialog: (to the Clerk) Mr. Shuster, the Pit Boss, may I speak to him, please?
25) 4) dialog: I'm David Howard. He knows me, we spoke on the telephone. My wife was the one who was up for hours.
26) 0) text: David tries to compose himself even more as he follows Shuster into his office. David's story is now formed. He knows what he wants to say. He feels confident. David enters the office. He sits down in front of Shuster's desk.
26) 1) dialog: First of all, let me say, I've heard a great deal about you.
26) 3) dialog: Oh, I just meant I've heard wonderful things from everybody in general, from the whole hotel.
26) 5) dialog: No, thank you.
26) 7) dialog: Yes, she is.
26) 9) dialog: I have a very interesting idea. I think you'll be taken by it. Shuster stares at him.
26) 10) dialog: (continuing) I was a key executive with a major advertising agency - one of the biggest in the world.
26) 12) dialog: Well, I was the Idea Man there. So, when I say I have an interesting idea, I'm not speaking like any slob that walks in off the street.
26) 14) dialog: (clearing his throat, about to enter into The Big Story) My wife and I, we dropped out of society. She had a very important position in a department store and again, I remind you that I was one of the highest executives in the world's largest advertising firm. Shuster just stares at him.
26) 15) dialog: (continuing) Anyway, we were going to find ourselves. Then, we thought, maybe we're too old, it's too late. We can't find ourselves, that's only for kids. And then we thought about it some more and it hit us. Wait a minute. Who's to say at what age you stop being a kid?
26) 17) dialog: Yes. But my point is we wanted to find ourselves and we did and we dropped out, just like they did in "Easy Rider."
26) 19) dialog: The movie, "Easy Rider." Famous movie. Important movie.
26) 21) dialog: It's a classic. If it comes on cable here, see it. Anyway, we did something that no one has done for a long time. Maybe no one has ever done it because in the movie they were movie stars, so they didn't really do it, even though they portrayed people that did it.
26) 23) dialog: Well, we did it for real. We quit our jobs and we sold everything that we had. The only thing we own is our little motor home, which is parked outside. That's all we've got and we were going to spend years roaming around this beautiful country, but we knew we couldn't do it unless we had our little nest egg tucked away in the bank.
26) 25) dialog: I'm getting to it. Why did we come to Las Vegas? Because it was a new beginning and I wanted to remarry my lovely wife. That's nice, don't you think?
26) 27) dialog: I wanted to get remarried but I wanted to spend our honeymoon in the Grand Canyon, places like we intend to spend the rest of our lives in, but my wife is very fond of your hotel and all of the employees and she said, "Oh, come on, let's spend our honeymoon here." And we did and the room was very lovely and everybody was very nice to us, but my wife lost the nest egg.
26) 29) dialog: That's very nice but that's not exactly what I'm saying. I think I have a multi-million dollar idea. Now, you have to be very secretive about what I'm going to tell you because the other hotels, if they heard about it, well, they'll grab it in a minute. David leans over Shuster's desk and whispers to make the idea really sound secretive:
26) 30) dialog: (continuing) I think, as an experiment, you give us back the money we lost.
26) 32) dialog: Well, imagine the publicity? I mean, the Hilton, for example, they have billboards all over L.A. where they put the faces of the winners of those slot machines. Now, those people win a couple hundred thousand dollars, but the hotel is getting millions of dollars of publicity with those billboards because people drive by and say, "Gee, the Hilton looks like a nice place. Look at those smiling people." So, what about a billboard with my wife and I on it and we would be smiling and there would be a saying, something like, "These people dropped out of society, they couldn't take it any longer, but they made a mistake. They lost their nest egg at The Desert Inn, but The Desert Inn gave it back." And maybe there could be some kind of a visual with you handing us an egg or something. Now I mean, I'm just formulating this now, as I'm talking, but you can imagine, when it's worked out how effective it could be.
26) 34) dialog: What do you mean nice to meet me? You said this is wonderful.
26) 36) dialog: (standing up) No. No. Wait... Not "Gamblers, get your money back." That's wrong. We're not gamblers. We're the few people in society that have tried to do something with our lives. See? We're drop- outs. We're finding ourselves. Someone's got to help the few people like us, because if they don't, nobody will ever drop out again. Nobody will ever have the courage to find themselves.
26) 38) dialog: (stopping him) Listen, I've experienced this before. I've had clients that didn't understand the idea until they saw it on television and then they said, "My God! What a brilliant idea! Why didn't I understand this?" I might have used the wrong phrase. Okay picture this: maybe, my wife and I will do a television commercial for you and there could be a jingle and it could go: (begins to sing) "The Desert Inn has heart! The Desert Inn has heart! The Desert Inn has heart!" Something like that. See what I mean?
26) 40) dialog: I understand. Of course, you don't pay back everybody's losses. You make a distinct division between the bold, who are out there searching, and all the other schmucks, who come here to see Wayne Newton.
26) 42) dialog: (realizing this was not the best example) Oh, look, I picked a name out of a hat. I like Wayne Newton, too. I'm saying a schmuck, representing the gambler and a bold person, representing me and my wife and the one or two others that probably wouldn't come here anyway. You wouldn't have to do this more than once or twice, there's not too many bold people around. I think it was a mistake to use entertainers as the dividing line. We could find another system. Anyway, what do you say? We do need that nest egg back.
26) 44) dialog: Oh, that's for sure, but come on? Half the money, for courage? Shuster opens up his office door. He escorts David out. 30
27) 2) dialog: Hold it. What about "Miracle on 34th Street?"
27) 4) dialog: (now rambling on very fast, desperate, rea- lizing his plan is about to fail) More than a Christmas picture. What happened there? Macy's didn't want to send their customers to Gimble's because the president of Macy's thought they would lose all of their customers and lose a tremendous amount of money and it would be taken wrong. But it wasn't taken wrong. What happened? Macy's did much better than they ever did before. And that's what would happen to you. The Desert Inn would do much, much better because you would get Gimble's business and the casino would be full.
27) 6) dialog: Yes. I guess they did have Santy Claus. Well, thank you. Thank you. And just so I understand, we can t get any of our money back, right?
28) 0) text: David and Nancy are driving. They are well outside of Las Vegas. Nancy is staring out of the window. David is driving in silence. Obviously, they have been driving for a great deal of time without saying anything. Nancy finally breaks the silence.
29) 2) dialog: I have nothing to say.
29) 5) dialog: (looking at her) I'm fine. More silent driving. Nancy is desperately uncomfort- able. Obviously, David is not fine. How could he be? He's seen ten years of earnings dissipate in less than three hours and he didn't participate in any of the dissipation. After a while, Nancy tries a new approach.
29) 7) dialog: And what would that be?
29) 10) dialog: (very patiently) We have eight hundred and two dollars.
29) 12) dialog: It is something. Yes.
29) 14) dialog: (staring straight ahead, speaking in a monotone) Is that what you'd like?
29) 16) dialog: (still staring, still speaking in a monotone) Fine. Hoover Dam.
30) 0) text: There are people walking around, tours going on and children playing. The motor home pulls up. They park. Nancy gets out with a bounce in her step, hoping David might copy her. David gets out like Frankenstein, walking very slowly, with no expression.
30) 2) dialog: (still with no expression) Yes. Men did build this.
30) 4) dialog: No.
30) 6) dialog: I don't think you can eat now.
30) 8) dialog: Because with the little bit of money that we have left, I think we have to sit down and make up a new budget. Until we do, maybe we shouldn't spend it all on cotton candy and other various knickknacks here at the dam. Nancy is beginning to get irritated and frustrated that he will not talk to her like an adult.
30) 10) dialog: (the release of his anger now begins) The fair thing? The fair thing? That's it! You're right. I've been controlled! Boy, have I been controlled! I guess any doctor could have spotted it. I was about to die, I was so controlled. You took all the money we had! can hear this echoing for miles around.
30) 11) dialog: (continuing; now yelling) You took our nest egg and you broke it up! You got yoke all over the casino! You got the white all over the coffee shop! You threw the shells in the parking lot! Fair? Fair?! Where was I when you were playing with the egg? Sleeping. Sleeping. Goddammit!
30) 13) dialog: Shut up! Don't talk to me like I'm an insane patient!
30) 15) dialog: Out where? This is where we're going to have to live. Why not yell out here? We're going to have to do everything else out here. We'll be sleeping out here and eating out here and going to the bathroom out here! Get used to this cement, baby! This is it! Out here is it! We found ourselves! We found ourselves, alright! We found ourselves with eight hundred dollars in the middle of nowhere! Nancy walks away. She sees a crowd that is gathered around and she does not want to have an argument in front of these people. David follows her.
31) 1) dialog: Where are you going?
31) 3) dialog: Why not? I think those people are entitled to know how stupid you are.
31) 5) dialog: What else? A general attack? Who am I going to attack? Nevada? I can't attack the state. It wasn't their fault. I can't attack the motor home. It stayed in the parking lot. I can't attack me. I was fast asleep. By process of elimination, who's left?
31) 7) dialog: I don't want your apologies. I want to know why? I want to try to understand how it happened. Tell me. How did it happen?
31) 9) dialog: You couldn't sleep. I see. Now, I remember nights where I couldn't sleep. I'm just trying to think what I did. Let's see. I tried warm milk or I took a long walk or I took Nytol and then, if all that didn't work, I gave away all the money I ever earned. But you didn't try any of those things first. You just gave away the money first, right? What did you intend to do? Have warm milk afterwards? Tell me. I'm mixed up.
31) 11) dialog: I'm sorry. You're right. Go ahead. You couldn't sleep. Then what happened?
31) 13) dialog: Why didn't you wake me up?
31) 15) dialog: What would I have done? I would have followed you. I would've seen you. I would have watched you take your money and begin to lose it and I would have stopped you at thirty dollars, maybe thirty-two dollars, at the most. I would have said, "Sweetheart, come back to bed. We don't want to fool with our nest egg." You know, Nancy, I think you just considered nest egg to be a term but to me, it was a key to this whole experiment. Why, I considered it like a third person. It was our best friend, our guardian angel. It was going to allow us to do everything we wanted to do. It was going to watch over us during bad times and laugh with us during good times. It was going to help us roam and purchase and eat and explore. It was going to help us make love and laugh and cry and now, it's gone and who's got it? The Desert Inn! They've got our nest egg. They can sure use it, can't they? They don't have their own. They're a poor little organization. They need our nest egg. Gee, I hope they use it wisely. I know someday those mirrors are going to have to be reflocked and the red velvet was looking kind of worn. And those little heart beds are going to need new sheets. I'm glad we could help them pay for that. I'm glad our life savings will go towards making that room look a little prettier. I'm glad we gave it all to them, Nancy. I'm just going to miss the little nest egg, that's all. Won't you, sweetheart? Won't you miss the nest egg? In the middle of the night, won't you feel kind of lonely because little nest egg is paying for the gas in Frank Sinatra's limo?
31) 17) dialog: You drop out with nothing? Oh where did you read that? In the Las Vegas Guide?
31) 19) dialog: Oh, I see. Who told you?
31) 21) dialog: No. You don't have to answer me. You can't answer me because no one ever told you that. You never had friends who dropped out. You don't know anybody who dropped out except for us. So how the hell did you know that? Come on, tell me?
31) 23) dialog: Bullshit. They had a huge nest egg. They sold cocaine. They didn't get on their motorcycles till their nest egg was giant, fifty times the size of ours.
31) 25) dialog: Oh, look. I'm not going to stand here, in front of one of the seven wonders of the world and argue about an old movie. I'm going to go now and get back in the motor home and maybe you can wander around out here and figure out something to do. We have eight hundred dollars left and an entire lifetime. See what you can come up with. David starts to walk away.
31) 27) dialog: (stops and turns around) Well, my God. Why didn't I think of that? Great idea. As a matter- of-fact, I remember after seeing "Midnight Express" I went out of the theater saying to myself, "That's for me. Sex with hundreds of Turkish men." David turns around and walks towards the motor home.
31) 28) dialog: (continuing) Come on. Let's go. Nancy doesn't go with him.
31) 30) dialog: Forget what?
31) 32) dialog: What are you talking about?
31) 34) dialog: What are you saying?
31) 36) dialog: Do you really believe that?
32) 0) text: Nancy walks to the side of the road and sticks out her thumb. David walks after her.
32) 1) dialog: What do you expect to do? Where do you think you're going?
32) 3) dialog: Okay. Enough is enough. I understand your dreams. You said, "Explode." I exploded. It's done. Now, come on. Let's not act stupid. I'm over it. We see
32) 5) dialog: What are you doing?
32) 7) dialog: You told me to be angry. You said it was unhealthy not to be angry. You'd be angry, too. God knows you'd be angry. a car approaching in the distance.
32) 8) dialog: (continuing) Nancy, there's a car coming and there's a man in there who looks like an animal. Now if you don't put your thumb back, he's going to pick you up and if he picks you up, you're going to be in his car. I don t know him. You don't know him. We don't know where we are, so why don't we stop acting like this?!
32) 10) dialog: (yelling) What is happening? You said it fifteen hundred times, "Get angry." I got angry. I thought I got angry well. I'm over it.
32) 16) dialog: (yelling) This has gotten out of hand. Look around you, Nancy, you're in another car! That man is not me! Nancy! I apologize! I'm sorry! David stops yelling. He just stands there for a minute.
32) 17) dialog: (continuing; to himself) Listen to what I'm saying. I was sleeping and I'm yelling I'm sorry. What's going on? Jesus Christ! She's going to get killed!
34) 1) text: (mumbling) I've lost my wife in the desert. This is just silly. You lose your wallet or your keys but I've lost a whole woman. David continues to drive. After a short while, he spots a road stop, a gas-food-rest stop. There's a small restaurant. He spots the Chevy. He pulls in. David gets out of the motor home. Through the window, he can see this Red-Neck and Nancy sitting at a table.
35) 0) text: David walks in. He approaches the table where Nancy and the Red-Neck are sitting.
35) 1) dialog: Nancy, I think we should go.
35) 3) dialog: I've known her for a long time. I think I would rather have direct communication with her. Nancy, come on.
35) 5) dialog: We're leaving now, okay, honey?
35) 7) dialog: I'm listening. This is my wife. It's between her and me. Nancy? We're going to work things out now. Thank this gentleman for the ride and let's go. Nancy says nothing. The Red-Neck stands up. He is huge.
35) 9) dialog: Nancy, this man's counting. Who is he?
35) 11) dialog: Honey, there's one number left.
35) 14) dialog: Is this what you want? Is this what was supposed to happen? I'm now going to be killed by a gorilla? David and the Red-Neck are outside. Nancy realizes David is probably right. He will be killed. She gets up. She runs after them.
36) 0) text: By the time she gets outside, David is already being punched in the stomach and then in the face. In be- tween punches, David is yelling to Nancy:
36) 6) dialog: This is going to disappoint you but I have really gone at it. I haven't had a fight since I was in the third grade. I'm just not used to it. Nancy, tell him.
36) 12) dialog: Yell "Police!" more. Keep yelling.
36) 14) dialog: More. Yell. Yell. Police! Help! Help! The Chevy pulls out. The Red-Neck yells back:
36) 17) dialog: That man will spend the rest of his life trying to find me. I'll be killed, Nancy. Nancy helps him towards the motor home.
37) 0) text: They get inside. David is holding his jaw.
37) 2) dialog: Yeah, I'm okay. Next time, if you're going to hitch, get a ride with a small woman, will you?
37) 4) dialog: For what? Getting beat up?
37) 6) dialog: Well, I had no choice really. I thought about just forgetting it and finding someone new, but I realized I had nothing to offer them.
37) 8) dialog: I hope so. Maybe we will. David starts the engine. The home slowly begins to move.
37) 10) dialog: First? First, I think we fill this thing with gas so we can get as far away as possible from that mental patient. Then, I guess we'll head east. We'll drive until we finda place we both like and that'll be our new home. We'll start there and we'll begin to rebuild.
37) 14) dialog: Well, I hope it is. But since we really will never know the other way, let's not compare.
37) 16) dialog: (interrupting) Hold it, honey. Another comparison, right?
37) 18) dialog: It very well might be. All I'm saying is let's just let our original plan rest in peace.
38) 0) text: We see the motor home driving along. In the background there is MUSIC. As they head east, the sun slowly is setting behind them. After various SHOTS of David and Nancy moving along the desert... B) ... we finally see them pass a sign that says,
39) 0) text: The sun has set. This is where they've chosen to live. Nancy is lying on the bed as David is at the kitchen table, figuring out the money they have left.
39) 1) dialog: Okay, so, gas and the payment here and the electricity hook-up, the water hook-up, lunch... Oh my!
39) 3) dialog: Three hundred and twenty dollars. He takes that amount out of his pocket. He lays it out in front of then, like a magician doing a card trick.
39) 4) dialog: (continuing) There it is, sweetheart. That's it.
39) 6) dialog: Absolutely. This money we seal away.
39) 10) dialog: Celebrate what?
39) 13) dialog: Your legs. They look different.
39) 15) dialog: They look longer.
39) 17) dialog: No.
39) 19) dialog: Remember what?
39) 23) dialog: You didn't think I was so sexy the first time you saw me, did you?
39) 25) dialog: You didn't say anything.
39) 27) dialog: No you didn't.
39) 29) dialog: No, sweetheart, you said curly hair was sexy and then you asked me if that was my own hair.
39) 31) dialog: Don't worry. I took it asa compliment. Nancy smiles. David walks over and gives her a passionate kiss, the likes of which we have not yet seen in this fil They begin to make love. It's the real thing. As they do we...
41) 0) text: David is still in bed. Nancy is almost dressed. She has an extraordinary amount of energy.
41) 2) dialog: It never happened like that in L.A. I wonder why?
41) 4) dialog: That must be it.
41) 6) dialog: I don't think it had anything to do with us.
41) 8) dialog: Maybe. My guess is extreme poverty.
41) 10) dialog: Look, I was just guessing. I think we have to make some money, we don't want to starve to death and then find out it really was the air. We'll feel so stupid.
41) 12) dialog: Me, too. Now, I think we should have some kind of a plan. What do you say we look for work together?
41) 14) dialog: Why?
41) 16) dialog: Alright. That sounds right. Good. Good idea.
41) 20) dialog: Good luck! Go for the high pay!
41) 22) dialog: And buy a cheap lunch!
41) 24) dialog: I love you.
41) 26) dialog: I mean it! Cheap lunch! We see Nancy wave as she walks off into the distance.
42) 0) text: David is walking down the street staring into various stores. He stops in front of a pharmacy. There's a sign that says: "DELIVERY MAN WANTED." David enters the store.
43) 0) text: David approaches PHARMACIST.
43) 1) dialog: Hello?
43) 3) dialog: The delivery job, I'm interested in it.
43) 5) dialog: No, for me.
43) 7) dialog: No.
43) 9) dialog: Well, I have transportation. I own a motor home.
43) 11) dialog: Yes.
43) 13) dialog: Oh, I didn't know I'd have to pay for my own gas.
43) 15) dialog: I agree.
43) 17) dialog: No, the sign's alright. It looks fine. You don't know of any immensely high-paying jobs in the immediate area, do you?
43) 19) dialog: What about in the outlying areas?
43) 21) dialog: Um, no. Not now. Well, good day.
43) 23) dialog: Is there an employment agency in 47 this town?
44) 0) text: It's a small employment agency befitting a small town. David is just sitting and waiting his turn along with various other types. David looks a little out of place in that the others look like they want some job relating to alcohol. The AGENT steps out of a small glass cubicle and asks David to step in. David does and sits down.
44) 2) dialog: Well, I'm originally from Los Angeles and I'm now living here. I need a job.
44) 5) dialog: Well, for the last eight years I was a major executive with one of the biggest advertising agencies in the country.
44) 9) dialog: Yes.
44) 11) dialog: A year. Seventy thousand a year. The Agent begins to laugh.
44) 12) dialog: (continuing) What's so funny?
44) 14) dialog: No. I came here to live. I wanted to change my life.
44) 16) dialog: Could we just get back to what we're doing here?
44) 18) dialog: Well, you don't know what I'd be interested in. Why don't you just tell me what you have?
44) 20) dialog: Well, you don't know me. What is it?
44) 22) dialog: A crossing guard? You mean at a school?
44) 24) dialog: No, I just didn't know if there were different kinds. Well, what does that pay?
44) 26) dialog: But, really, what does it pay?
44) 28) dialog: Benefits meaning what?
44) 30) dialog: Well, listen, I've just started looking for work and I don't want to rule anything out but I think I probably can find something where I can use my ability a bit more. Would you have another kind of file, like an executive box or something?
44) 32) dialog: You know, a box of higher-paying jobs.
44) 34) dialog: (getting up) Well, I'm happy I could provide you with your morning's entertainment. You can laugh at me but let me tell you something. I made a statement. You understand what I'm saying? I made a statement.
44) 36) dialog: Never mind. Thank you.
45) 0) text: David is walking dejectedly towards home. Nancy is inside fixing dinner.
46) 2) dialog: (perking up a bit; at least one of them sounds like they had success) A job?
46) 4) dialog: Fantastic! (he sits down) Tell me everything. What is it? How much do you get? When do you start?
46) 6) dialog: Oh come on! Tell me? At least tell me what the job is.
46) 8) dialog: Just give me a hint!
46) 10) dialog: Jesus! After one day? Assistant manager! Where?
46) 12) dialog: Well, I'm not saying anything either, but I'll also know in the morning.
46) 14) dialog: I can't. I have too many leads. I've had many firm offers and right now I'm just mulling them over.
46) 16) dialog: Listen, I think you're right, we're going to jinx this thing. Let's just keep the mystery. It's more exciting that way.
47) 0) text: David is standing with an older MAN in front of a locker. The Man takes out a uniform.
47) 2) dialog: Thank you.
47) 4) dialog: (interrupts) Yes. Go on the other.
47) 6) dialog: That's right. I remember. You just put it down so people can't see.
47) 8) dialog: Yes. I think, basically, this job hasn't changed since I went to school.
47) 10) dialog: I don't think so. Why?
47) 12) dialog: Well, times are changing. I mean stereotypes have to be broken sometime, don't they?
47) 14) dialog: Well, all children are rude.
47) 16) dialog: Oh, tolerance is my middle name. Believe me.
48) 0) text: David is at the crosswalk. He's leading a group of CHILDREN across the street. They are about twelve years old. Obviously, old enough to cross by them- selves. David greets them. He wants to make a good impression. God knows why.
48) 4) dialog: Ah. You must be two of the hungry ones. The Kids glare at him. David walks back across the street alone. David is waiting. A bunch of KIDS, a little older, about six of them, walk up. One of them says:
48) 6) dialog: Oh, my goodness. More hungry children. You want to cross the street?
48) 8) dialog: My name is David. I would appreciate not being called that name. It's an ugly name.
48) 10) dialog: I see no reason to walk future prisoners across the street. Why don't you get some practice working on your own right now since you'll probably be in solitary most of your life. You can handle it.
48) 14) dialog: What do you mean let's go? Is that a threat? Be careful. I've got a metal sign here.
48) 16) dialog: Knife wins. Come on. He leads them across the street. David walks back alone, mumbling. He sits in his little chair. There's no action and no children. Cars are passing by. A new black MERCEDES SCREECHES UP. The passenger window is electrically lowered. A GUY, in his early 30's, calls to David.
48) 18) dialog: Call me David. I'm your age. I look a little older because I'm in this uniform.
48) 20) dialog: What do you mean?
48) 22) dialog: Prescott.
48) 24) dialog: You have to get on Highway 90. So, what you do is go down about two miles, you'll come to a stoplight, you turn right and keep going and you'll see a sign.
48) 26) dialog: That's it.
48) 28) dialog: Hold it. David approaches the car. He sticks his head inside and starts sniffing, rather intensely.
48) 30) dialog: I'm just smelling the interior. This is leather, isn't it?
48) 32) dialog: (still sniffing) Yeah it does. You like this car?
48) 33) text: What's not to like? Hey, thanks, man. See ya. He floors it and tears off into the distance. David watches the car slowly disappear. He's still sniffing.
48) 34) dialog: (to himself) It smelled like leather. They must spray it with something. Interrupting David's thought is a CHILD'S VOICE coming from behind him.
48) 36) dialog: (to himself) Without even looking I'm sure he means me.
49) 0) text: David enters. Nancy is taking off her coat. David can see that she has on a uniform. It's a candy-striped short skirt and blouse. Also, she has on a candy- striped apron and hat. It looks familiar but David can't quite place it.
49) 1) dialog: Hi. Nancy turns around.
49) 6) dialog: Is that a uniform you're wearing?
49) 8) dialog: What do you do?
49) 10) dialog: Burger King?
49) 12) dialog: Hold it a second. Burger King? The hamburger place? Just after David finishes this sentence, we hear the TOILET FLUSH. Out comes SKIP, a nineteen-year-old boy, dressed in the male version of the same uniform Nancy is wearing. Skip is one of those kids who talks like he's from Torrance, through his nose, blending all syl- lables into one, a kid whose speech could mask his intelligence, if there was intelligence to be masked.
49) 13) dialog: (continuing) Nancy, who's this child?
49) 18) dialog: I'm walking with children. There's a difference, but we'll talk about it later. Now, tell me again. This child is who?
49) 20) dialog: The manager? This is who slept on it? Skip stretches his hand out eagerly wiping it first on his pants, just to make sure it's clean.
49) 23) dialog: No. Let Skippy tell it. I want to hear him talk some more.
49) 25) dialog: And how long were you making them the other way?
49) 27) dialog: Nancy, where are the keys?
50) 0) text: We are somewhere outside of Prescott. David and Nancy are driving along. They are still in their Burger King and crossing guard outfits, but obviously they have left their first home. Nancy has a map in her hand. She's looking it over.
50) 2) dialog: Denver, huh?
50) 4) dialog: We certainly do. Sweetheart, let's talk for a second.
50) 6) dialog: I love you very much. You know that, don't you?
50) 8) dialog: Well, I think it's wonderful that we could say this and mean it. Do you know that ever since we were married I just was waiting for us to get divorced? I never thought we would make it, ever. But now I do.
50) 10) dialog: Well, my God, that's wonderful. I mean the experiences that we went through in the last two weeks, it did that. It showed us that we're going to be married forever. Nancy, we're together for the rest of our lives and I'm so grateful to finally have that peace of mind. It's wonderful.
50) 12) dialog: I know you did. But now, let's talk facts. Our nest egg broke. Forget who did it, no blame. That's not the point. The point is we didn't split up. We stayed together and decided to rebuild. And it was the best decision we ever made. Because for the first time we really know how to share. Whatever we have we can enjoy it together.
50) 14) dialog: There! Now we're getting to it. This afternoon I was guiding some children across the street and I realized something. Given our age, and the years we have left together, and the way we're going about this rebuilding program, we will never have another egg in our lifetime.
50) 17) dialog: Really?
50) 19) dialog: That's amazing. So was I. Denver? Is that what Denver is about?
50) 21) dialog: Me too.
50) 23) dialog: Well, you tell me yours first.
50) 25) dialog: No. I'm almost embarrassed to tell you, mine's like a last resort.
50) 27) dialog: (hesitating) Well...
50) 29) dialog: Okay. I thought we'd just get to New York as fast as we can...
50) 31) dialog: Your plan too, huh?
50) 33) dialog: We really are a team.
51) 0) text: It does a fast U-turn away from the northern direction and begins heading east. They are now on their way to New York going as fast as they can. As they do the THEME from the commercial "I LOVE NEW YORK" BEGINS TO PLAY. It grows and grows in intensity as David and Nancy cross the United States. Their trip from Arizona to New York will take place in a space of about thirty seconds. States whiz by. Signs "ENTERING MISSOURI"
53) 0) text: It's Monday morning, 8:45. Thousands of New Yorkers are filing into their offices. We see the motor home pull up in front of the advertising agency. Hundreds of people are entering this building. We see that one of these people is Brad Tooley, the baldheaded man David was supposed to work under. From a LONG SHOT, we see David exit the motor home. He's still in his crossing guard uniform. He's been up for three days, taking No Doz and drinking hundreds of cups of coffee. He looks like hell. He runs down the street and corners Brad near the front entrance. Brad sees David. He's scared. He can't believe it. He starts to run. He tries to escape. David turns after him. All this is shown ina LONG SHOT, with the busy Madison Avenue traffic in the foreground. We hear David yelling:
53) 1) text: Brad, I made it! Three weeks on the button! Let's go to work. We got Fords to sell! Brad looks frightened. He'd like to get away but he can't. David catches up to him. He grabs him around the waist. He drops to his knees. He begins to plead. As New Yorkers pass by going about their business, we see David begging. Brad just staring down at him. OVER THIS SCENE the following CRAWL appears on the screen "Most people lead their entire lives without ever having the courage to break the mold, to find out who they really are and what life is all about. Those that do should take Route 16. This goes through Utah, avoiding the state of Nevada completely."