7) 0) text: No sound as we SEE Big Nurse watch the last few patients past the side door to the Nurses' Station where Miss Pilb hands out little cups with pills. Washington stands by, checking to see each man takes his pills before filling t cups with orange juice. The last patient takes his pills and returns to his place the Day Room. Miss Pilbow closes the window. Satisfied that all is well, Big Nurse turns on an old 45 record player with a stack of records, then she settles d to her work as a SOFT, NOSTALGIC NUMBER from the '40's is HEARD OVER LOUDSPEAKER. CAMERA BEGINS SLOW PAN of the Day Room. The patients, under the influence of drugs, have settled for the day. HARDING is playing cards with MARTINI, CHESW and BILLY. SEFELT and FREDRICKSON are putting a jigsaw pu together in brotherly love. SORENSEN is off by himself, rubbing his hands clean. TABER, pencil in hand, sits pondering over a blank piece of paper. SCANLON paces back forth. On the Chronics' side of the room, RUCKLY is turni grimy photograph over in his hands. BANCINI sits wagging head, mumbling over and over, "Tired, awful tired..." ELL stands against the wall, arms outstretched, hands nailed the wall by imaginary nails. Bromden is pushing a mop around.  Washington, Warren and Miller are in the men's dorm makin the Chronics' beds when O.S. the TELEPHONE RINGS.
17) 0) text: CAMERA is on Big Nurse as she stands, in front of a chair doing a deep breathing exercise. The patients and staff, standing in front of chairs arran in a circle, follow suit as best they can. After a couple exercises Big Nurse sits. The others do the same except Bancini, who remains standing, wagging his head back and forth.
17) 1) dialog: I'm tired. Whew. O Lord. Oh, I'm awful tired...
17) 4) dialog: Awful tired... Billy gently eases Bancini into his chair and sits beside him, patting his skinny knee.
17) 56) dialog: (wagging his head) Tired... Awful tired...
17) 58) dialog: (in a strong angry voice) I'm tired! Everyone hushes.
17) 60) dialog: Tired. Tired. Oh God, I'm tired... Big Nurse nods to Washington, who goes to Pete, and gives arm a jerk toward the door. Bancini is unmovable. Big Nurse signals Nurse Pilbow, who heads for the nurses' station. Washington senses danger, lets go of Pete's arm, backs aw
17) 62) dialog: You see... it's a lotta baloney... It's all a lotta baloney...
17) 64) dialog: That's all it is, just a lotta baloney. Ya see, I can't help it, can't...
17) 66) dialog: ... don't ya see. I was born dead. Not you. You wasn't born dead. Ahhh, it's been so hard... (starts going over, slowly; sighing and crying) Tired... I'm tired... aw-ful tired... McMurphy looks around at the others. Each patient is locked in his own world -- oblivious to Bancini's state.
95) 0) text: MUSIC OVER LOUDSPEAKER. The day room is as it was in the beginning. Harding is dealing out a game of blackjack to Martini, Scanlon, Cheswick and Fredrickson. Taber, pencil in band, sits pondering over a blank sheet paper. Ruckly is turning a grimy photograph over in his hands. Bancini sits wagging his head, mumbling over and over, "Tired... awful tired..." Ellis stands against the wall, outstretched.