67) 31) dialog: Mack, you sonofabitch, you ol' fucker, how've you been?
67) 39) dialog: (calling after him) Sock it to 'em, kid!
67) 69) dialog: (at the top of her lungs) Atta boy, Mack! (to Big Nurse) What's he in for?
67) 71) dialog: Mack!
67) 73) dialog: Yeah, well, he looks like hell! CHEERS are HEARD O.S. Candy turns back to the game. CAMERA HOLDS on Candy, Big Nurse and Billy, who is starin Candy.
67) 77) dialog: (giving him a big smile) Hi... Billy sinks back in his seat. On the court, McMurphy dribbles down to half court where is stopped by Washington and Warren, who put the squeeze him. McMurphy turns and gives them his ass to contend wit then manages to throw the ball under his legs and Washington's legs. The ball rolls to Martini, who scoops up and throwing it wildly away, the ball ricochets off th backboard and goes in for two points. The crowd goes bananas. Score: AIDES 10 PATIENTS 6 Bromden starts striding down court when the Aides make a break past him, but miss their shot. McMurphy retrieves the ball as Bromden, not more than sev feet from his own basket, does an about-face and returns his basket where he turns to see McMurphy lob the ball fu court to Bromden, who catches the ball on one bounce, tur and slams the ball in for another basket. Score: AIDES 10 PATIENTS 8 The crowd goes bananas and Bromden turns and starts strid down the court when he sees McMurphy at the far end of th court yelling at him.
69) 14) dialog: (both slightly tipsy) Hiya, Mack.
69) 17) dialog: Whew! Made it!
69) 19) dialog: Yeah, well you look like hell warmed over...
69) 36) dialog: Pssst! Hey Rose! There they are!
69) 38) dialog: In there.
69) 43) dialog: What's that smell?
69) 45) dialog: Smells weird. Smells like pneumonia.
69) 70) dialog: It's okay, Rose. You can go with him.
69) 72) dialog: Shit, Rose! What's there to decide? There's only four of us.
69) 79) dialog: Go with him, Rose. Go with him.
71) 3) dialog: Up and at 'em, boys.
71) 5) dialog: Hi, Billy.
72) 0) text: MUSIC OVER as the patients are queued up at the nurses' station where Candy is handing out cups full of whiskey, McMurphy backing her up, pouring the booze into the cups. Harding takes his cup and moves back into the day room as Ellis automatically downs the booze, gags and goes spinni off across the hallway and is nailed to the wall.
81) 0) text: A SOFT NOSTALGIC NUMBER is HEARD OVER LOUDSPEAKER as Hard Billy and Cheswick watch McMurphy dance with Candy, Fredrickson with Sefelt and Rose, who is dressed, dance w Taber. Martini and Scanlon are busy draping hospital gauze aroun the room. Bromden sits by the window -- waiting.
82) 0) text: Another SOFT NOSTALGIC NUMBER is HEARD OVER LOUDSPEAKER a McMurphy, Candy, Harding, Cheswick, Taber, Sefelt and Fredrickson watch Rose, on a table, doing a solo bump-and grind dance, while Martini and Scanlon race around the ro in wheelchairs. Billy sits, watching Candy and McMurphy, who sit across t room. Candy is tired and bored. McMurphy is drunk and starting to fade.
82) 1) dialog: It's time to hit the road, Mack...
82) 15) dialog: Ah, Billy... Candy rises, kisses Billy on the cheek, and dances with h McMurphy beams on the twosome, unscrews his whiskey bottl takes a long pull on the juice, and looks at Bromden. Bromden sits by the window waiting.
83) 0) text: as the MUSIC ENDS. A long silence, then another NUMBER be as McMurphy, who has nodded off, starts awake and looks around. McMURPHY'S POV Bromden sits by the window waiting. Cheswick is asleep on the table. Martini and Scanlon are sitting in their wheelchairs fill their cups from through the enema tube. Harding sits, maintaining his aloofness, smoking a cigare Sefelt is sitting on the floor, in a drunken stupor, whil Fredrickson dances around him. Candy and Billy stand, locked in each other's arms, swayi to the MUSIC. McMURPHY struggles to his feet, steadies himself, crosses to the nurses' station.
85) 0) text: as McMurphy crosses to Billy and Candy, and gently partin them, he puts his arms around them -- as much for support affection.
89) 0) text: as Big Nurse opens the door to see Candy snuggled up to Billy, who lies there, eyes closed, a smile on his face.
92) 2) dialog: (calling from outside) Come on, come on, let's go! McMurphy hesitates, then moves across the day room toward hallway.