14) 44) dialog: Yeah, do you have an appointment?
14) 46) dialog: (to Harding) What for?
14) 48) dialog: (to McMurphy) He's a busy man! A beat; then:
14) 55) dialog: Yeah, throw a club! Martini throws a spade.
18) 8) dialog: Who? Who?
19) 0) text: The MUSIC is PLAYING. The TV is on the six o'clock news a McMurphy, cards in hand, is dealing blackjack to Cheswick Harding, Sefelt, Billy and Martini. Fredrickson and Scanl are looking on as Bromden eases up to the game. Cheswick at the nurses' station talking to Big Nurse.
19) 9) dialog: She won't give me any more cigarettes!
19) 11) dialog: Lend me twenty. McMurphy counts out twenty cigarettes, marks it down on a piece of paper, and passes the cigarettes to Cheswick, wh bets all twenty. The Sports have come on TV and McMurphy's attention is divided.
28) 10) dialog: I wanna know about my cigarettes!
29) 0) text: A group meeting is in progress. Doctor Spivey is there. Cheswick is on his feet.
29) 6) dialog: Yeah...
29) 18) dialog: Right, Doc. It's workable. Several other Acutes voice in the affirmative.
29) 28) dialog: I second the motion!
29) 36) dialog: No way. McMurphy starts tearing his sheet of paper up into a thou pieces.
30) 0) text: Bromden is pressed against the wall, watching McMurphy, Martini, Scanlon and Cheswick play a game of monopoly. Th others are playing cards or just hanging around, a little chagrined. Billy is most disturbed by this separation.
30) 3) dialog: Let's go, for Christsakes...
30) 7) dialog: (to Martini) How can a man concentrate with you sitting there hallucinating a mile a minute...
30) 16) dialog: Right!
33) 15) dialog: Yeah, let's vote on it!
33) 39) dialog: Mack... McMurphy is deep into the game.
35) 0) text: Washington and Warren are sitting on the grass watching Martini, Scanlon, Harding and Billy, who are positioned o the court waiting on McMurphy who is under the board with Bromden. Cheswick and the other patients hang around off court as:
35) 11) dialog: Yeah, Mack?
35) 13) dialog: Yeah, Mack?
35) 15) dialog: Sure, Mack... McMurphy climbs on his shoulders.
39) 0) text: McMurphy is nudging Cheswick awake.
39) 2) dialog: (waking up) Yeah, Mack, what is it?
39) 4) dialog: (sitting up) Where ya goin', Mac?
39) 32) dialog: How ya gettin' out, Mac?
42) 0) text: Cheswick, Bromden, Martini, Scanlon, Sefelt, Fredrickson, Billy, Taber and McMurphy, stand looking at the dumbwaite
42) 10) dialog: Yeah, show us, Mac!
43) 2) dialog: (pointing) They went that way.
43) 4) dialog: Right, Mack! Far down the tunnel Martini and Scanlon are briefly SEEN they skitter across the tunnel.
43) 16) dialog: Yeah!
44) 1) dialog: There they are!
44) 11) dialog: Yeah, maybe we ought to go back, Mac...
51) 5) dialog: Yeah, where we going?
54) 4) dialog: When do you think we'll be going back, Mack?
66) 7) dialog: (standing up) Yeah, whadabout our cigarettes?
66) 12) dialog: (jumping up as he sees McMurphy) Mack! Everyone looks at McMurphy and Bromden. Bromden is as he always was, as McMurphy slowly drags him into the day room. He looks like a zombie as he takes the room in. Then, suddenly, he slaps his thigh. McMURPHY Hey, hey, you ding-a-lings, you creeps, you goons... He enters the room doing a jig. The Acutes' faces light u
81) 0) text: A SOFT NOSTALGIC NUMBER is HEARD OVER LOUDSPEAKER as Hard Billy and Cheswick watch McMurphy dance with Candy, Fredrickson with Sefelt and Rose, who is dressed, dance w Taber. Martini and Scanlon are busy draping hospital gauze aroun the room. Bromden sits by the window -- waiting.
82) 0) text: Another SOFT NOSTALGIC NUMBER is HEARD OVER LOUDSPEAKER a McMurphy, Candy, Harding, Cheswick, Taber, Sefelt and Fredrickson watch Rose, on a table, doing a solo bump-and grind dance, while Martini and Scanlon race around the ro in wheelchairs. Billy sits, watching Candy and McMurphy, who sit across t room. Candy is tired and bored. McMurphy is drunk and starting to fade.
83) 0) text: as the MUSIC ENDS. A long silence, then another NUMBER be as McMurphy, who has nodded off, starts awake and looks around. McMURPHY'S POV Bromden sits by the window waiting. Cheswick is asleep on the table. Martini and Scanlon are sitting in their wheelchairs fill their cups from through the enema tube. Harding sits, maintaining his aloofness, smoking a cigare Sefelt is sitting on the floor, in a drunken stupor, whil Fredrickson dances around him. Candy and Billy stand, locked in each other's arms, swayi to the MUSIC. McMURPHY struggles to his feet, steadies himself, crosses to the nurses' station.
87) 0) text: MUSIC OVER LOUDSPEAKER as McMurphy crashes heavily into h chair. He can hardly keep his eyes open as he looks aroun Harding sits nearby. Taber is lying on a couch, his head in Rose's lap. Cheswick is asleep on the table. Ellis stands nailed to the wall. Bromden sits by the window -- waiting. CAMERA HOLDS on Bromden.
95) 0) text: MUSIC OVER LOUDSPEAKER. The day room is as it was in the beginning. Harding is dealing out a game of blackjack to Martini, Scanlon, Cheswick and Fredrickson. Taber, pencil in band, sits pondering over a blank sheet paper. Ruckly is turning a grimy photograph over in his hands. Bancini sits wagging his head, mumbling over and over, "Tired... awful tired..." Ellis stands against the wall, outstretched.