16) 0) text: Doctor Spivey is seated behind his desk, on which are sev glass-framed photos of Spivey's family, plus a nameplate: JOHN M. SPIVEY, M.D., and McMurphy's papers. McMurphy, freshly showered and wearing hospital-issue clothes, sits facing him.
29) 0) text: A group meeting is in progress. Doctor Spivey is there. Cheswick is on his feet.
34) 0) text: Doctor Spivey is seated behind his desk, looking over McMurphy's papers. McMurphy sits facing him.
59) 0) text: as the Acutes, sunburned and covered with dried brine and fish scales, are escorted down the hallway by Washington, Warren and Doctor Spivey. It's a triumphant procession as they wheel the giant flou with a sheet over it on a gurney, holding up their catche for all to see. McMurphy is lagging a bit behind as they pass the mess ha where workmen are busy installing a security screen over transom, while inside the mess hall another workman is SE welding a lock on the dumbwaiter.
65) 0) text: There are four other aides in there, standing around an e gurney. A DOCTOR is at the head of the gurney, a NURSE alongside him.
65) 3) dialog: That's all right, Mister McMurphy, just climb on the bed and lie down...
65) 5) dialog: (to McMurphy) This won't hurt you at all...
65) 10) dialog: (holding a mouthpiece) Please, put this in your mouth... McMurphy takes the bit in his teeth. The Doctor moves bac the head of the gurney and places the thongs on McMurphy' temples. The Doctor nods to the six aides, who move in and gently place their hands, in a very professional manner, on McMurphy's knees, hips and shoulders. Once set, the Docto turns to his controls. SHOT OF McMURPHY as he looks around, not nearly as scared as he is mystifi by the whole process, when suddenly, without warning, McMurphy is hit by the shock. His face is a contorted mas surprise and pain. His whole body caught in a sudden spas moment of rigidity, then McMurphy passes out and his body relaxes. Another moment, then a series of violent body sp begin flowing down his body. Now the aides' function is v clear, as they press down, holding McMurphy firmly to the gurney, until the last spasm subsides.
66) 0) text: A Group Meeting is in progress. Doctor Spivey is there.
93) 0) text: CAMERA SHOOTING TOWARD the door, crammed full of patients who stare at the scene with curious detached looks, as Bi Nurse and Nurse Pilbow force their way through the patien The crowd parts and Big Nurse stops in the doorway, horri at what she sees. CAMERA HOLDS on Big Nurse's reaction. A beat, then McMurphy appears alongside Big Nurse and is stricken by what he sees. McMURPHY AND BIG NURSE'S POV - REVERSE SHOT - DOCTOR SPIV