7) 0) text: No sound as we SEE Big Nurse watch the last few patients past the side door to the Nurses' Station where Miss Pilb hands out little cups with pills. Washington stands by, checking to see each man takes his pills before filling t cups with orange juice. The last patient takes his pills and returns to his place the Day Room. Miss Pilbow closes the window. Satisfied that all is well, Big Nurse turns on an old 45 record player with a stack of records, then she settles d to her work as a SOFT, NOSTALGIC NUMBER from the '40's is HEARD OVER LOUDSPEAKER. CAMERA BEGINS SLOW PAN of the Day Room. The patients, under the influence of drugs, have settled for the day. HARDING is playing cards with MARTINI, CHESW and BILLY. SEFELT and FREDRICKSON are putting a jigsaw pu together in brotherly love. SORENSEN is off by himself, rubbing his hands clean. TABER, pencil in hand, sits pondering over a blank piece of paper. SCANLON paces back forth. On the Chronics' side of the room, RUCKLY is turni grimy photograph over in his hands. BANCINI sits wagging head, mumbling over and over, "Tired, awful tired..." ELL stands against the wall, arms outstretched, hands nailed the wall by imaginary nails. Bromden is pushing a mop around.  Washington, Warren and Miller are in the men's dorm makin the Chronics' beds when O.S. the TELEPHONE RINGS.
17) 39) dialog: Through the ass. Sefelt and Fredrickson snicker into their hands. A few of others laugh.
17) 41) dialog: (innocence itself) Now what would I be trying to say?
17) 43) dialog: Peculiar?
17) 52) dialog: Yeah, wise up, Harding.
18) 16) dialog: It's the questions she asks.
18) 24) dialog: Which gets you shipped up to Disturbed for a nice little zap job.
19) 0) text: The MUSIC is PLAYING. The TV is on the six o'clock news a McMurphy, cards in hand, is dealing blackjack to Cheswick Harding, Sefelt, Billy and Martini. Fredrickson and Scanl are looking on as Bromden eases up to the game. Cheswick at the nurses' station talking to Big Nurse.
30) 17) dialog: Oh, yeah?
30) 45) dialog: Me, too...
39) 17) dialog: (waking up) What? What?
39) 19) dialog: (sitting up) What?
42) 0) text: Cheswick, Bromden, Martini, Scanlon, Sefelt, Fredrickson, Billy, Taber and McMurphy, stand looking at the dumbwaite
42) 5) dialog: Neither do I...
43) 12) dialog: Mine, too!
44) 12) dialog: Yeah, my feet are cold...
58) 0) text: The sun is up. The engine is dead. The ballgame is HEARD ship's RADIO. The men are scattered over the boat. Taber McMurphy, beer in hand, are sunning themselves, listening the ballgame. On the stern Martini and Scanlon are trying rig up a pole. Fredrickson gives them a hand. Billy has a line out. So does Bromden and Sefelt who is seated nearby fishing the ocean floor when he suddenly gets a bite and looks over the side, surprised. His line goes straight do into the depths. His glasses fall off into the water. Sef sighs and slowly begins reeling his line in. Billy gets a strike and starts fighting the fish.
58) 10) dialog: We'll never get that on the boat. The fish is now clearly SEEN.
58) 15) dialog: Does that mean we have to cut him loose?
60) 3) dialog: (to Sefelt) Show her the one you caught, Jim. Sefelt whips the sheet off the big fish.
66) 5) dialog: I wanna know why the dorm has to be locked in the daytime and on weekends?
66) 10) dialog: So what? Is it a mortal sin? I mean, normal people get to sleep late on weekends...
78) 0) text: as Turkle steps into the room and sees the extent of the plundering. The filing cabinet is open. So is the medicin cabinet. Rolls of medical gauze are strewn around, cough syrup and orange juice are flowing. The patients start piling out of the room, carrying their plunder. Fredrickson and Sefelt are SEEN sitting on the floor, in front of the open refrigerator, looking through their dossiers.
78) 1) dialog: Christ, they even got my first grade report card here...
81) 0) text: A SOFT NOSTALGIC NUMBER is HEARD OVER LOUDSPEAKER as Hard Billy and Cheswick watch McMurphy dance with Candy, Fredrickson with Sefelt and Rose, who is dressed, dance w Taber. Martini and Scanlon are busy draping hospital gauze aroun the room. Bromden sits by the window -- waiting.
82) 0) text: Another SOFT NOSTALGIC NUMBER is HEARD OVER LOUDSPEAKER a McMurphy, Candy, Harding, Cheswick, Taber, Sefelt and Fredrickson watch Rose, on a table, doing a solo bump-and grind dance, while Martini and Scanlon race around the ro in wheelchairs. Billy sits, watching Candy and McMurphy, who sit across t room. Candy is tired and bored. McMurphy is drunk and starting to fade.
83) 0) text: as the MUSIC ENDS. A long silence, then another NUMBER be as McMurphy, who has nodded off, starts awake and looks around. McMURPHY'S POV Bromden sits by the window waiting. Cheswick is asleep on the table. Martini and Scanlon are sitting in their wheelchairs fill their cups from through the enema tube. Harding sits, maintaining his aloofness, smoking a cigare Sefelt is sitting on the floor, in a drunken stupor, whil Fredrickson dances around him. Candy and Billy stand, locked in each other's arms, swayi to the MUSIC. McMURPHY struggles to his feet, steadies himself, crosses to the nurses' station.
95) 0) text: MUSIC OVER LOUDSPEAKER. The day room is as it was in the beginning. Harding is dealing out a game of blackjack to Martini, Scanlon, Cheswick and Fredrickson. Taber, pencil in band, sits pondering over a blank sheet paper. Ruckly is turning a grimy photograph over in his hands. Bancini sits wagging his head, mumbling over and over, "Tired... awful tired..." Ellis stands against the wall, outstretched.
97) 8) dialog: What?
99) 4) dialog: (whispering) Lobotomy...