7) 0) text: No sound as we SEE Big Nurse watch the last few patients past the side door to the Nurses' Station where Miss Pilb hands out little cups with pills. Washington stands by, checking to see each man takes his pills before filling t cups with orange juice. The last patient takes his pills and returns to his place the Day Room. Miss Pilbow closes the window. Satisfied that all is well, Big Nurse turns on an old 45 record player with a stack of records, then she settles d to her work as a SOFT, NOSTALGIC NUMBER from the '40's is HEARD OVER LOUDSPEAKER. CAMERA BEGINS SLOW PAN of the Day Room. The patients, under the influence of drugs, have settled for the day. HARDING is playing cards with MARTINI, CHESW and BILLY. SEFELT and FREDRICKSON are putting a jigsaw pu together in brotherly love. SORENSEN is off by himself, rubbing his hands clean. TABER, pencil in hand, sits pondering over a blank piece of paper. SCANLON paces back forth. On the Chronics' side of the room, RUCKLY is turni grimy photograph over in his hands. BANCINI sits wagging head, mumbling over and over, "Tired, awful tired..." ELL stands against the wall, arms outstretched, hands nailed the wall by imaginary nails. Bromden is pushing a mop around.  Washington, Warren and Miller are in the men's dorm makin the Chronics' beds when O.S. the TELEPHONE RINGS.
14) 19) dialog: Martini, it's your turn! Martini is staring off into space.
14) 20) dialog: Martini!
14) 43) dialog: Does he have an appointment?
14) 47) dialog: I'm a busy man!
14) 50) dialog: (to McMurphy) What are you doing?
14) 52) dialog: Your turn, Martini! Martini is lost in the clouds.
14) 53) dialog: Martini, throw a card! Martini throws a diamond.
14) 54) dialog: No, throw a club!
14) 56) dialog: Don't you have any clubs?
14) 58) dialog: Let me see your hand!
14) 60) dialog: (slamming his cards) Well, if you gentlemen will excuse me, I have some pressing matters to attend to. Harding gets up and crosses to the hallway, gathering his pride as he goes. McMurphy slides into Harding's seat and rakes all the car in.
17) 6) dialog: Yes, that's perfectly correct.
17) 22) dialog: Yes, Miss Ratched, this is correct.
17) 24) dialog: No, Miss Ratched...
17) 26) dialog: Yes, that is correct.
17) 28) dialog: I can only speculate as to the reasons why.
17) 30) dialog: Miss Ratched. Given all the conditions of that sublime relationship, coupled with the subsequent annihilation of all that I held to be sacred, mentally, physically and emotionally, the only thing that I can speculate on, at this late date, is how I will justify the very existence of my life, with or without my dear wife.
17) 33) dialog: The point is, I will carry on until I fully understand what the function of that relationship is regardless of form or content. Several hands go up.
17) 37) dialog: That's a matter of opinion.
17) 40) dialog: (smarting) Is that your sense of humor or are you trying to say something?
17) 42) dialog: I don't know. I don't know, but it makes me feel very peculiar when you throw in something like that.
17) 47) dialog: I hesitate to go on.
17) 49) dialog: I mean, the other day you made an allusion to my wife and the possible sexual problems we might be having. I know that to be the case, but the way in which you broached it, if that's your idea of teaching me something...
17) 50) dialog: (his voice rising as he goes on) ... or making me aware of a condition in my life, then I say, categorically speaking, the hell with you, Taber! I don't have to justify the condition of my life to you or any of you. No matter what I will carry on until I fully understand what that function is regardless of the form or content. Regardless of the fact we must try to understand the function of our capacity to obtain, to personify the condition, the condition of our existence, our existence...
18) 6) dialog: A pecking party?
18) 8) dialog: Who? Who?
18) 10) dialog: It's as simple as that. You've been on our ward six hours and have already simplified the work of Freud, Jung and Maxwell Jones in one grand analogy: it's a pecking party.
18) 12) dialog: Did to me?
18) 18) dialog: Miss Ratched is a competent psychiatric nurse, not some, some kind of monster pecking out our eyes!
18) 26) dialog: Electro-Shock Therapy, my friend. Five cents' worth of electricity and you are out of everybody's hair.
18) 28) dialog: And if you persist in your ways, they can always ship you over to Medical Surgery.
18) 30) dialog: Lobotomy!
18) 32) dialog: (pointing to lobotomy case) That! McMurphy looks.
18) 35) dialog: Now, what would I be trying to say? Martini and Scanlon rush over and try to get the ball.
19) 0) text: The MUSIC is PLAYING. The TV is on the six o'clock news a McMurphy, cards in hand, is dealing blackjack to Cheswick Harding, Sefelt, Billy and Martini. Fredrickson and Scanl are looking on as Bromden eases up to the game. Cheswick at the nurses' station talking to Big Nurse.
21) 18) dialog: Why didn't you tell her to go to hell, lover boy?
21) 21) dialog: I don't see you scoring any points, buddy. And you're just the man for the job, right?
21) 23) dialog: She's not all that homely, Mister McMurphy. In fact, she must have been a rather beautiful young lady. The men look at Big Nurse. The patients look at the nurses' station.
29) 39) dialog: Yes, thank you, Miss Ratched. Since our last meeting I have been reflecting, quite seriously, on the nature of my problem. Naturally, I'm referring to the capacity to obtain the necessary results in order to obtain... No, no. To personify the very existence of that relationship regardless of the function... (he stops, chews his lip, then continues) Regardless of the function, we will confront the question of... Yes. Yes. The question of... Existence... Relationship... Function... Confront... Yes, confronting us in the moment of deepest crisis... Yes, the crisis of our souls. Of our souls, which I am trying to fully understand the problem... the problem. Not to shut ourselves off, but somehow... Somehow to understand fully our capacity... to obtain... to personify... the question... existence depends... depends on the question... to reflect... to reflect... Harding, breaks off, sweating; he begins to knead his forehead and chew his nails.
29) 40) dialog: To reflect...
30) 14) dialog: A baseball game isn't worth the risk, my friend.
30) 23) dialog: And how do you propose to accomplish that little feat, my friend?
30) 36) dialog: You mean you're going to try to pick that thing up and shove it through the window?
30) 38) dialog: With your own two hands?
30) 50) dialog: Twenty-five dollars.
30) 52) dialog: Okay, sucker.
30) 54) dialog: Giving up?
31) 3) dialog: Leave him alone, he's pouting.
35) 0) text: Washington and Warren are sitting on the grass watching Martini, Scanlon, Harding and Billy, who are positioned o the court waiting on McMurphy who is under the board with Bromden. Cheswick and the other patients hang around off court as:
35) 3) dialog: He can't hear you!
35) 5) dialog: So why are you talking to him?
35) 7) dialog: It doesn't help him.
35) 9) dialog: Well, I think you're just confusing him... Bromden jumps.
39) 27) dialog: What for?
39) 29) dialog: That's nice. Send me a post card. Harding turns his back to McMurphy.
60) 16) dialog: No!
60) 18) dialog: I'm not running a charity ward... Martini snaps the cigarette out of Harding's hand, and ta off with Harding chasing him. Martini dashes around the room, pulling chairs in Harding way, taking a drag on the cigarette whenever he can. Harding corners Martini, but Martini tosses the cigarette over Harding's head to Scanlon. Scanlon takes off with Harding after him, absolutely livi Scanlon passes to Billy who passes to Martini. Everyone i the room is getting wired. Martini throws it away as Harding jumps him and nails him the floor.
66) 27) dialog: What's your plan, Mack?
67) 21) dialog: What are you talking about??? Everybody was covered!!! Everybody was covered!!!
67) 27) dialog: (running alongside McMurphy) Pass the ball! (no response) Pass it! (no response) Pass it! Pass it! I'm open, McMurphy, pass the ball! McMurphy stops dead in his tracks and flings the ball at Harding. The ball bounces off Harding's head and goes out bounds. The WHISTLE BLOWS. Harding spins a few times.
67) 47) dialog: (shouting) Mack, get back here! McMurphy turns to see the other team go by and score a basket. Billy passes the ball into MeMurphy.
67) 54) dialog: I refuse!
67) 56) dialog: (casting a quick look at his wife) No!
67) 58) dialog: I just started!
67) 60) dialog: I don't trust you!
67) 67) dialog: (off to the side of McMurphy) McMurphy, pass the ball! McMurphy passes the ball to Harding and cuts toward the basket.
72) 0) text: MUSIC OVER as the patients are queued up at the nurses' station where Candy is handing out cups full of whiskey, McMurphy backing her up, pouring the booze into the cups. Harding takes his cup and moves back into the day room as Ellis automatically downs the booze, gags and goes spinni off across the hallway and is nailed to the wall.
82) 0) text: Another SOFT NOSTALGIC NUMBER is HEARD OVER LOUDSPEAKER a McMurphy, Candy, Harding, Cheswick, Taber, Sefelt and Fredrickson watch Rose, on a table, doing a solo bump-and grind dance, while Martini and Scanlon race around the ro in wheelchairs. Billy sits, watching Candy and McMurphy, who sit across t room. Candy is tired and bored. McMurphy is drunk and starting to fade.
83) 0) text: as the MUSIC ENDS. A long silence, then another NUMBER be as McMurphy, who has nodded off, starts awake and looks around. McMURPHY'S POV Bromden sits by the window waiting. Cheswick is asleep on the table. Martini and Scanlon are sitting in their wheelchairs fill their cups from through the enema tube. Harding sits, maintaining his aloofness, smoking a cigare Sefelt is sitting on the floor, in a drunken stupor, whil Fredrickson dances around him. Candy and Billy stand, locked in each other's arms, swayi to the MUSIC. McMURPHY struggles to his feet, steadies himself, crosses to the nurses' station.
87) 0) text: MUSIC OVER LOUDSPEAKER as McMurphy crashes heavily into h chair. He can hardly keep his eyes open as he looks aroun Harding sits nearby. Taber is lying on a couch, his head in Rose's lap. Cheswick is asleep on the table. Ellis stands nailed to the wall. Bromden sits by the window -- waiting. CAMERA HOLDS on Bromden.
87) 2) dialog: Sure, Mack... CAMERA PUSHES INTO WINDOW. TIME LAPSE SHOT of the DAWN an SUN RISING.
95) 0) text: MUSIC OVER LOUDSPEAKER. The day room is as it was in the beginning. Harding is dealing out a game of blackjack to Martini, Scanlon, Cheswick and Fredrickson. Taber, pencil in band, sits pondering over a blank sheet paper. Ruckly is turning a grimy photograph over in his hands. Bancini sits wagging his head, mumbling over and over, "Tired... awful tired..." Ellis stands against the wall, outstretched.
95) 1) dialog: (over last scene, in McMurphy's style) Okay, suckers, place your bets...
97) 5) dialog: (who has been dealing) Big Ace... a lovely lady... another ace... an' a little trey, hey, hey, whadaya say... hit or sit?
97) 9) dialog: (dealing a card to Scanlon) Big king, too bad...
97) 11) dialog: Hear what?
97) 13) dialog: When?
97) 15) dialog: Who told you that?
97) 21) dialog: Is it true McMurphy killed two attendants and escaped yesterday?
99) 5) dialog: Yeah...