7) 0) text: No sound as we SEE Big Nurse watch the last few patients past the side door to the Nurses' Station where Miss Pilb hands out little cups with pills. Washington stands by, checking to see each man takes his pills before filling t cups with orange juice. The last patient takes his pills and returns to his place the Day Room. Miss Pilbow closes the window. Satisfied that all is well, Big Nurse turns on an old 45 record player with a stack of records, then she settles d to her work as a SOFT, NOSTALGIC NUMBER from the '40's is HEARD OVER LOUDSPEAKER. CAMERA BEGINS SLOW PAN of the Day Room. The patients, under the influence of drugs, have settled for the day. HARDING is playing cards with MARTINI, CHESW and BILLY. SEFELT and FREDRICKSON are putting a jigsaw pu together in brotherly love. SORENSEN is off by himself, rubbing his hands clean. TABER, pencil in hand, sits pondering over a blank piece of paper. SCANLON paces back forth. On the Chronics' side of the room, RUCKLY is turni grimy photograph over in his hands. BANCINI sits wagging head, mumbling over and over, "Tired, awful tired..." ELL stands against the wall, arms outstretched, hands nailed the wall by imaginary nails. Bromden is pushing a mop around.  Washington, Warren and Miller are in the men's dorm makin the Chronics' beds when O.S. the TELEPHONE RINGS.
14) 11) dialog: Can you borrow me a dime?
14) 15) dialog: Me too! Me too! As McMurphy hands out his cigarettes Bromden drifts by, m in hand.
14) 57) dialog: No!
14) 59) dialog: No!
17) 18) dialog: No!
18) 0) text: WIDE SHOT of entire court, surrounded by a high fence top off with barbed wire, as Washington and Warren escort the Acutes -- including Bromden, Ellis, a lobotomy case and several other Chronics -- through the gate onto the court which is run down, with cracks in its surface and leaves scattered everywhere. Martini, who is carrying the ball, runs ahead, followed b Scanlon, where he starts dribbling the ball in a frantic circle, suddenly passes the ball to nothing.
18) 1) dialog: (as he throws ball) Catch it! Catch it! The ball rolls to the corner.
18) 3) dialog: No! Martini turns away, his feelings hurt. Washington goes af the ball, when Martini goes running after it.
18) 4) dialog: I get it! I get it! But Washington gives Martini a body check and beats him t the ball. Martini tries to get the ball from Washington, who is qui agile and teases him as he returns to the court where he Warren start shooting baskets, freezing Martini and Scanl out. The other patients just hang around or walk, as if in a prison yard. Cheswick stands in close proximity to McMurphy and Hardin who stand watching the action. McMurphy finally offers a cigarette to Harding, who accepts. They both light up.
18) 37) dialog: No. Me! Me!
19) 0) text: The MUSIC is PLAYING. The TV is on the six o'clock news a McMurphy, cards in hand, is dealing blackjack to Cheswick Harding, Sefelt, Billy and Martini. Fredrickson and Scanl are looking on as Bromden eases up to the game. Cheswick at the nurses' station talking to Big Nurse.
19) 5) dialog: (holding up a cigarette) What's this?
19) 7) dialog: Bet a nickel!
19) 14) dialog: Hit me.
19) 16) dialog: Hit me!
19) 20) dialog: (simultaneously with Pilbow) Hit me! McMurphy slams his cards down, stands up, crosses the day room, heading for the nurses' station. He passes Washingt who stands there waiting to dispense orange juice.
22) 3) dialog: (through intercom) Me. Hit me! Big Nurse looks up and studies the men gathered round the table.
29) 42) dialog: Hold it a minute. What's a man need to buy thum hotels?
30) 0) text: Bromden is pressed against the wall, watching McMurphy, Martini, Scanlon and Cheswick play a game of monopoly. Th others are playing cards or just hanging around, a little chagrined. Billy is most disturbed by this separation.
30) 2) dialog: Hold it a minute. There's a flurry of money from Martini, red, green and ye bills blowing in every direction.
30) 6) dialog: What's thum other things? Hold it a minute. What's thum other things all over the board?
30) 47) dialog: A nickel.
33) 48) dialog: (jumping up and down) I saw thum! I saw thum!
35) 0) text: Washington and Warren are sitting on the grass watching Martini, Scanlon, Harding and Billy, who are positioned o the court waiting on McMurphy who is under the board with Bromden. Cheswick and the other patients hang around off court as:
39) 12) dialog: (waking up) Yeah, Mac?
42) 0) text: Cheswick, Bromden, Martini, Scanlon, Sefelt, Fredrickson, Billy, Taber and McMurphy, stand looking at the dumbwaite
42) 7) dialog: I wanna see it...
42) 12) dialog: No! I wanna go!
44) 0) text: as the Acutes join McMurphy to see the moon low in the sk silhouetting the trees and buildings, and Martini chasing Scanlon across the wet grounds.
51) 7) dialog: I wanna go home!
51) 9) dialog: I'm hungry.
54) 6) dialog: Oh, look at the pretty boat.
58) 0) text: The sun is up. The engine is dead. The ballgame is HEARD ship's RADIO. The men are scattered over the boat. Taber McMurphy, beer in hand, are sunning themselves, listening the ballgame. On the stern Martini and Scanlon are trying rig up a pole. Fredrickson gives them a hand. Billy has a line out. So does Bromden and Sefelt who is seated nearby fishing the ocean floor when he suddenly gets a bite and looks over the side, surprised. His line goes straight do into the depths. His glasses fall off into the water. Sef sighs and slowly begins reeling his line in. Billy gets a strike and starts fighting the fish.
58) 4) dialog: (hanging onto the pole) No. They start a tug of war. Fredrickson tries to break it up when he gets a strike and his line spins out. Billy's fish breaks into the sun in a shower of silver scales, and he gets so excited he lets the end of the pol down and the line snaps.
58) 9) dialog: What is it?
58) 18) dialog: Me, too.
60) 10) dialog: (crossing to McMurphy) Gimme a cigarette!
60) 15) dialog: (to Harding) Gimme a cigarette!
60) 17) dialog: Why not?
60) 19) dialog: (holding his hands up; empty) All gone! All gone! Don't hit! Don't hit! Harding starts pounding Martini's head on the floor when Billy and Scanlon jump Harding and start pounding him. Fredrickson picks up the cigarette and stands there watch the fight as he smokes the cigarette as Washington, Warre and Miller move in and start separating the men. McMurphy, watching the fight, sighs, then deliberately crosses toward the Nurses' Station.
67) 46) dialog: I saw 'em! I saw 'em.
67) 48) dialog: Gimme the ball!
67) 64) dialog: No! McMurphy looks at Billy.
67) 84) dialog: Great shot, Chief! Ya okay? You're doin' great! They lead Bromden to the foul line.
81) 0) text: A SOFT NOSTALGIC NUMBER is HEARD OVER LOUDSPEAKER as Hard Billy and Cheswick watch McMurphy dance with Candy, Fredrickson with Sefelt and Rose, who is dressed, dance w Taber. Martini and Scanlon are busy draping hospital gauze aroun the room. Bromden sits by the window -- waiting.
82) 0) text: Another SOFT NOSTALGIC NUMBER is HEARD OVER LOUDSPEAKER a McMurphy, Candy, Harding, Cheswick, Taber, Sefelt and Fredrickson watch Rose, on a table, doing a solo bump-and grind dance, while Martini and Scanlon race around the ro in wheelchairs. Billy sits, watching Candy and McMurphy, who sit across t room. Candy is tired and bored. McMurphy is drunk and starting to fade.
83) 0) text: as the MUSIC ENDS. A long silence, then another NUMBER be as McMurphy, who has nodded off, starts awake and looks around. McMURPHY'S POV Bromden sits by the window waiting. Cheswick is asleep on the table. Martini and Scanlon are sitting in their wheelchairs fill their cups from through the enema tube. Harding sits, maintaining his aloofness, smoking a cigare Sefelt is sitting on the floor, in a drunken stupor, whil Fredrickson dances around him. Candy and Billy stand, locked in each other's arms, swayi to the MUSIC. McMURPHY struggles to his feet, steadies himself, crosses to the nurses' station.
95) 0) text: MUSIC OVER LOUDSPEAKER. The day room is as it was in the beginning. Harding is dealing out a game of blackjack to Martini, Scanlon, Cheswick and Fredrickson. Taber, pencil in band, sits pondering over a blank sheet paper. Ruckly is turning a grimy photograph over in his hands. Bancini sits wagging his head, mumbling over and over, "Tired... awful tired..." Ellis stands against the wall, outstretched.
97) 18) dialog: He's not!