1) 0) text: Strange HUMMING SOUNDS, CLANKING PIPES and HISSING RADIAT as we see beds, with patients lying asleep, line two wall The third wall is a heavy gauge steel grill, with a door opens on to the day room. The door is open. On the far si of the day room, a long hallway with other doors opening rooms: the latrine, washroom, tub room, mess hall, seclus room, psychiatrist's office, visitors' room, etc. Across the day room, a glass enclosed nurses' station whe TURKLE, a Negro night attendant, is seen preparing to go duty. The CAMERA PANS the beds in the men's dorm. One man turns another twists, a third lies as if dead. CAMERA PAN ENDS on BROMDEN, who lies still, eyes wide ope very alert. He reaches down, plucks a stale piece of gum under the bed frame, puts it in his mouth and starts chew A beat, then Bromden carefully undoes the leather strap w binds him to the bed. He slips out of bed and quietly mak his way down the aisle, paying no attention to the other patients, some of who are beginning to stir awake. Ahead, at the end of the hallway, the door opens and thre Negro day attendants, WASHINGTON, WARREN and MILLER, dres in white uniforms, enter and move down the hallway and disappear into a side room. Bromden continues his silent journey towards the day room Turkle emerges from the side door to the nurses' lounge, up the hallway as MISS PILBOW, the day nurse, comes in, passing Turkle on the way out. She crosses to the nurses' station and enters as Bromden reaches the day room.
2) 1) dialog: Where you goin', Chief?
4) 0) text: as Washington, Warren and Miller roust the patients out o bed.
7) 0) text: No sound as we SEE Big Nurse watch the last few patients past the side door to the Nurses' Station where Miss Pilb hands out little cups with pills. Washington stands by, checking to see each man takes his pills before filling t cups with orange juice. The last patient takes his pills and returns to his place the Day Room. Miss Pilbow closes the window. Satisfied that all is well, Big Nurse turns on an old 45 record player with a stack of records, then she settles d to her work as a SOFT, NOSTALGIC NUMBER from the '40's is HEARD OVER LOUDSPEAKER. CAMERA BEGINS SLOW PAN of the Day Room. The patients, under the influence of drugs, have settled for the day. HARDING is playing cards with MARTINI, CHESW and BILLY. SEFELT and FREDRICKSON are putting a jigsaw pu together in brotherly love. SORENSEN is off by himself, rubbing his hands clean. TABER, pencil in hand, sits pondering over a blank piece of paper. SCANLON paces back forth. On the Chronics' side of the room, RUCKLY is turni grimy photograph over in his hands. BANCINI sits wagging head, mumbling over and over, "Tired, awful tired..." ELL stands against the wall, arms outstretched, hands nailed the wall by imaginary nails. Bromden is pushing a mop around.  Washington, Warren and Miller are in the men's dorm makin the Chronics' beds when O.S. the TELEPHONE RINGS.
9) 0) text: as Miss Pilbow exits nurses' station and heads down the hallway, Washington and Warren on her heels. Miller looki wistfully after them.
25) 0) text: as Washington, Warren and Miller roust the patients out o bed.
32) 0) text: Washington, Warren and Miller are at the end of the hallw listening to a small RADIO. We can HEAR the SPORTS ANNOUN giving the line-up for the opening game of the World Seri
90) 24) dialog: as he herds the patients out of the day room. He turns to McMurphy trying to open the screen. Miller crosses to McMurphy.
90) 25) dialog: Hey, what's gone here? McMurphy turns around and punches Miller.
91) 0) text: as Big Nurse, still on the phone, sees Miller go sprawlin across the floor. She grabs the intercom.
92) 0) text: McMurphy opens the screen, raises the window, and helps C and Rose out as Washington and Warren converge on them. McMurphy and Bromden wheel around. Washington, Warren and Miller appear around the corner, t one look, and head straight for McMurphy.
94) 0) text: as McMurphy, Big Nurse, Nurse Pilbow and several Acutes g down, arms and legs intertwined, kicking, trying to get a as McMurphy strangles Big Nurse. Nurse Pilbow screaming, as Washington, Warren, Miller rus in, trying to break his hold on Big Nurse's throat, her f turning blue. McMurphy's face, twisted by his passion, wh Washington lands a rabbit punch and MeMurphy's face relax as he passes out.
96) 1) text: as Sefelt and Miller enter the visitors' room, cross to t security gate and pass into the hallway. Bromden goes bac his mopping.