1) 0) text: Strange HUMMING SOUNDS, CLANKING PIPES and HISSING RADIAT as we see beds, with patients lying asleep, line two wall The third wall is a heavy gauge steel grill, with a door opens on to the day room. The door is open. On the far si of the day room, a long hallway with other doors opening rooms: the latrine, washroom, tub room, mess hall, seclus room, psychiatrist's office, visitors' room, etc. Across the day room, a glass enclosed nurses' station whe TURKLE, a Negro night attendant, is seen preparing to go duty. The CAMERA PANS the beds in the men's dorm. One man turns another twists, a third lies as if dead. CAMERA PAN ENDS on BROMDEN, who lies still, eyes wide ope very alert. He reaches down, plucks a stale piece of gum under the bed frame, puts it in his mouth and starts chew A beat, then Bromden carefully undoes the leather strap w binds him to the bed. He slips out of bed and quietly mak his way down the aisle, paying no attention to the other patients, some of who are beginning to stir awake. Ahead, at the end of the hallway, the door opens and thre Negro day attendants, WASHINGTON, WARREN and MILLER, dres in white uniforms, enter and move down the hallway and disappear into a side room. Bromden continues his silent journey towards the day room Turkle emerges from the side door to the nurses' lounge, up the hallway as MISS PILBOW, the day nurse, comes in, passing Turkle on the way out. She crosses to the nurses' station and enters as Bromden reaches the day room.
2) 0) text: as Bromden makes his way across the day room, past the nurses' station, unnoticed by Miss Pilbow who is busy preparing the day's medication. Bromden is sliding along the hallway wall, when he is suddenly cut off by a mop which THUDS against one side of neck. A second mop yokes him on the other side. Bromden freezes. Terrified.
2) 6) dialog: Good morning, boys. She sweeps by and disappears into the nurses' station. Th three attendants put their mops and rags aside and start towards the men's dorm, leaving Bromden pressed against t wall, mop in hand.
3) 0) text: as Big Nurse enters to be greeted by Miss Pilbow, who wea an enormous cross between her breasts.
3) 2) dialog: Mean old Monday, Miss Pilbow, mean old Monday... (she flips on the intercom) Good morning, boys. Rise and shine. Rise and shine.
4) 1) dialog: (through loudspeaker) Time to get up! Come on now, it's a beautiful day! Let's not straggle! Everybody up, up, up! The Chronics are physically helped out of bed as the Acut who can handle themselves, cross out into the Day Room, rubbing the sleep out of their eyes. Big Nurse steps out the Nurses' Station. Washington and Warren are hustling t patients toward the washroom. Miller stays behind, stripping Blastic's bed and rolling his mattress.
5) 0) text: as the Acutes straggle past Big Nurse.
5) 1) dialog: Good morning, Mister Sefelt... Good morning, Mister Fredrickson. Good morning, Billy, I spoke to your mother last night and she sends her love... Good morning, Mister Harding... Good morning, Mister Cheswick. Mister Scanlon... Bromden comes drifting by, going in the opposite directio Big Nurse takes his hand and reaches up and pats his face
5) 2) dialog: Oh, Mister Bromden... (calling out) Mister Washington! Washington comes running.
5) 4) dialog: Mister Washington, why don't we get a good head start on the day by shaving Mister Bromden and see if we can't avoid a disturbance.
7) 0) text: No sound as we SEE Big Nurse watch the last few patients past the side door to the Nurses' Station where Miss Pilb hands out little cups with pills. Washington stands by, checking to see each man takes his pills before filling t cups with orange juice. The last patient takes his pills and returns to his place the Day Room. Miss Pilbow closes the window. Satisfied that all is well, Big Nurse turns on an old 45 record player with a stack of records, then she settles d to her work as a SOFT, NOSTALGIC NUMBER from the '40's is HEARD OVER LOUDSPEAKER. CAMERA BEGINS SLOW PAN of the Day Room. The patients, under the influence of drugs, have settled for the day. HARDING is playing cards with MARTINI, CHESW and BILLY. SEFELT and FREDRICKSON are putting a jigsaw pu together in brotherly love. SORENSEN is off by himself, rubbing his hands clean. TABER, pencil in hand, sits pondering over a blank piece of paper. SCANLON paces back forth. On the Chronics' side of the room, RUCKLY is turni grimy photograph over in his hands. BANCINI sits wagging head, mumbling over and over, "Tired, awful tired..." ELL stands against the wall, arms outstretched, hands nailed the wall by imaginary nails. Bromden is pushing a mop around.  Washington, Warren and Miller are in the men's dorm makin the Chronics' beds when O.S. the TELEPHONE RINGS.
9) 0) text: as Miss Pilbow exits nurses' station and heads down the hallway, Washington and Warren on her heels. Miller looki wistfully after them.
11) 0) text: as McMurphy enters the building followed by the Deputies, where Nurse Pilbow, McMurphy's folder in hand, and Washin and Warren stand waiting -- all in a pleasant, receptive mood. First Deputy hands McMurphy's gym bag to Washington who hands it to Warren.
12) 0) text: Other STAFF MEMBERS are administrative personnel are SEEN McMurphy walks alongside Nurse Pilbow, who is noticeably nervous by his close proximity. Washington and Warren casually bringing up the rear.
13) 0) text: as McMurphy, Spivey, Washington and Warren cross the visitors' area towards Nurse Pilbow, who stands holding t security gate open. At the far end of the hallway, which opens into the day room, patients can be seen.
14) 0) text: as McMurphy drifts into the room and looks around. The ro is as it was. The MUSIC ENDS. There is a CLICK. McMurphy' attention is drawn to the nurses' station. McMURPHY'S POV OF NURSES' STATION where Miss Pilbow is SEEN through a large plate glass win busy typing a nameplate for McMurphy. Big Nurse, her back to McMurphy, is turning over a stack records. She presses the phonograph button. A record fall the turntable and MUSIC BEGINS as she turns and sees McMurphy.
14) 1) text: McMurphy smiles and tips his hat to Big Nurse.  Big Nurse smiles back and takes her seat.  McMurphy turns and drifts into the day room.  Big Nurse looks up and studies him.  McMurphy catches the eye of a PATIENT, sitting by himself
14) 63) dialog: Mister McMurphy! McMurphy turns to see Big Nurse approaching, Washington casually bringing up the rear.
14) 65) dialog: (handing him his bag) Will you come with me, please.
14) 68) dialog: My name is Miss Ratched. I'm the head nurse here. You've already met Miss Pilbow and Aides Washington and Warren.
14) 70) dialog: Mister Miller, this is Mister McMurphy, who'll be staying with us. Greetings are exchanged as they pass through.
15) 0) text: as Big Nurse and McMurphy cross down the aisle.
15) 1) dialog: We do appreciate the way you have taken it upon yourself to meet the other patients.
15) 3) dialog: This is your bed. You may leave your things in that cabinet.
15) 5) dialog: Please use your time to familiarize yourself with your new home and if there is anything you need to know, don't hesitate to ask us.
15) 7) dialog: All in good time, Mister McMurphy. All in good time.
15) 9) dialog: Good. Now if you'll just go along with Mister Washington, he'll see that you're properly oriented. McMurphy doesn't move.
15) 10) dialog: Is there anything else?
15) 12) dialog: Good. I'm sure we'll be friends. They smile, sizing up each other.
15) 14) dialog: Yes. Now go along, Mister McMurphy. Go along.
17) 0) text: CAMERA is on Big Nurse as she stands, in front of a chair doing a deep breathing exercise. The patients and staff, standing in front of chairs arran in a circle, follow suit as best they can. After a couple exercises Big Nurse sits. The others do the same except Bancini, who remains standing, wagging his head back and forth.
17) 2) dialog: (busy with her papers) Somebody please see to Mister Bancini, so we can start the meeting. Billy does... gently laying a hand on Bancini.
17) 5) dialog: At the close of Friday's meeting, we were discussing Mister Harding's problem, concerning his wife... (reading from logbook) Mister Harding stated that his wife made him uneasy because she drew stares from men on the street. Is that correct, Mister Harding?
17) 7) dialog: (reading) He also thinks he may have given her reason to seek sexual attention elsewhere, but he didn't say how. He has been heard to say to his wife, 'I hate you, I don't ever want to see you again. You've betrayed me.' (she closes book) So. Does anyone care to touch upon this further? Big Nurse waits. A long beat. Harding sits, chewing his nails, tensely waiting, almost wanting someone to begin. The patients shift uncomfortably, looking in all directio McMurphy looks around to see what will follow, when he se Ellis, nailed to the wall; his pants leg darkens and a pu of piss forms at his feet. McMurphy looks to see if Big N or the Aides have noticed. If they have, no one pays any attention. McMurphy fidgets in his seat, then gets up, crosses to El unhooks him from the wall, and moves him over a few feet. The other patients are aghast at this move, look at each other quizzically. Big Nurse merely watches. McMurphy crosses back to his chair and sits.
17) 8) dialog: Mister McMurphy, this ward is a democratic community run by the patients and their votes, so you should feel at ease in your new surroundings to the extent you can freely discuss emotional problems in front of the patients and staff. However, the cardinal rule, and I must emphasize this: Everyone keeps their seat during the meeting!
17) 10) dialog: Yes... We were discussing Mister Harding's problem with his wife. Now, who will start? (no response) Billy.
17) 12) dialog: Would you like to start?
17) 14) dialog: Mister Sefelt? Sefelt shrugs and sinks into his seat.
17) 15) dialog: Mister Fredrickson? Fredrickson passes.
17) 16) dialog: Mister Taber? Taber passes.
17) 17) dialog: Mister Martini?
17) 19) dialog: Mister Scanlon? Scanlon looks at the floor.
17) 20) dialog: Mister Cheswick? Cheswick wags his head 'no.'
17) 21) dialog: Am I to take it that there isn't a man among you who has an opinion concerning this matter? (no response; she focuses in on Harding) Mister Harding, you've stated on more than one occasion that you suspected your wife of seeing other men.
17) 23) dialog: But you have no proof.
17) 25) dialog: And yet you suspect her.
17) 27) dialog: Why?
17) 29) dialog: Have you ever speculated, Mister Harding, that you are impatient with your wife because she does not meet your mental requirements? One of the Chronics laughs like a child.
17) 34) dialog: Yes, Billy?
17) 48) dialog: No secrets, Mister Harding. Let's get it all out in the open...
17) 59) dialog: Somebody see to Mister Bancini. Two or three Acutes get up and try to soothe Bancini, but isn't to be hushed.
19) 0) text: The MUSIC is PLAYING. The TV is on the six o'clock news a McMurphy, cards in hand, is dealing blackjack to Cheswick Harding, Sefelt, Billy and Martini. Fredrickson and Scanl are looking on as Bromden eases up to the game. Cheswick at the nurses' station talking to Big Nurse.
20) 0) text: as McMurphy enters. Nurse Pilbow is the only one there.
20) 5) dialog: Mister McMurphy. Patients aren't allowed in here.
21) 0) text: as McMurphy goes around to the front of the nurses' stati and queues up behind the other Acutes who are getting the medication. McMurphy reaches the window, takes the cup, b doesn't take his pills.
21) 2) dialog: (politely) Yes, Mister McMurphy?
21) 4) dialog: (pleasantly) That music is for everyone, Mister McMurphy. McMurphy leans in, placing his hand on the window.
21) 6) dialog: (aware of his physical proximity) Mister McMurphy, there are old men here who couldn't hear the music at all if it were lower. That music is all they have, and I wish you wouldn't lean against the glass there, your hands are staining the window. McMurphy jerks his hand away.
21) 9) dialog: Not at all, Mister McMurphy... McMurphy turns to walk away.
21) 16) dialog: That's all right, Miss Pilbow, if Mister McMurphy does not wish to take his medication orally, he may...
21) 24) text: Big Nurse is busy at her work.
22) 1) text: CAMERA HOLDS on Big Nurse as McMurphy's VOICE is HEARD ov INTERCOM.
24) 2) dialog: (through loudspeaker) Good morning, boys. Rise and shine. Rise and shine.
25) 1) dialog: (through loudspeaker) Time to got up! Come on now, it's a beautiful day! Let's not straggle! Everybody up, up, up! McMurphy is in bed, not ready for the world, when Washing crosses to Bromden, who is looking out the window, and le him off.
26) 0) text: as the Acutes straggle past Big Nurse.
26) 1) dialog: Good morning, Mister Sefelt, are your teeth any better?... Good morning, Mister Fredrickson... Good morning, Mister Harding; my, my, you've been biting your fingernails again... She sees McMurphy approaching, wearing a towel around his waist and a scowl on his face.
26) 2) dialog: Mister McMurphy, patients are not permitted to run around in towels.
26) 4) dialog: On this ward?
26) 6) dialog: Oh, I had them removed.
26) 8) dialog: Patients are rationed to one pack of cigarettes a day. Bromden comes drifting by, going in the opposite directio Big Nurse takes his hand.
26) 9) dialog: (calling out) Mister Washington! Washington comes running.
26) 11) dialog: Please see to Mister Bromden.
26) 13) dialog: Now you boys hurry along and wash up for breakfast... (to McMurphy) You too, Mister McMurphy.
26) 15) dialog: After breakfast, Mister McMurphy, after breakfast.
26) 17) dialog: Yes. Now run along like a good boy and see that you wash up properly.
26) 21) dialog: watching McMurphy who removes his towel as he enters the washroom.
29) 1) dialog: Sit down, Mister Cheswick.
29) 3) dialog: Sit down, Mister Cheswick! Cheswick sits -- stunned. A beat; then:
29) 4) dialog: (to Cheswick) You should have thought about that before you gambled all your cigarettes away. Is that clear? Cheswick sulks in his seat.
29) 5) dialog: Mister Cheswick, is that clear!
29) 7) dialog: Good... (opens her book) Now, as I recall, we were making quite a bit of headway, last time, with Mister Harding's problem. So, does anyone care to begin? McMurphy's hand goes up. No one else's does.
29) 8) dialog: Yes, Mister McMurphy.
29) 10) dialog: Certainly, Mister McMurphy.
29) 16) dialog: The point is well taken, Doctor, but do we have the necessary personnel to cover a second day room?
29) 20) dialog: Good. Good. Yes, yes, I think we should give it a trial period. So! May we get back to Mister Harding's problem... (she sees McMurphy's hand up) Yes, Mister McMurphy?
29) 22) dialog: Go on...
29) 24) dialog: Just a minute, Mister McMurphy!
29) 26) dialog: Please understand, the schedule has been set up for a delicately balanced reason that would be thrown into turmoil by a switch of routines.
29) 30) dialog: Very well! All those in favor, please raise your hands. Big Nurse casts a watchful eye over the patients.
29) 33) dialog: (politely) I count only two, including you, Mister McMurphy. Certainly not enough to change ward policy. McMurphy's hand goes down.
29) 34) dialog: Yes. Now was there anything else you wanted to discuss, Mister McMurphy?
29) 37) dialog: (checking her watch) Then I suggest we turn our attention back to Mister Harding's problem. Would anybody care to begin? She looks around. McMurphy is slouched in his chair. Harding puts his hands up. No one else does.
29) 38) dialog: Yes, Mister Harding?
33) 0) text: A Group Meeting is in progress and Big Nurse is honed in Billy.
33) 1) dialog: Try, Billy, try... Billy tries, but can't talk. The other Acutes are bored, restive, waiting. McMurphy has ants in his pants as Big Nurse speaks to Bil
33) 2) dialog: Was it your idea to visit her on Sunday?
33) 4) dialog: Tell us about it...
33) 6) dialog: What was it about her that disturbed you so, Billy?
33) 8) dialog: Billy, were you afraid of her, or of her love? No response from Billy.
33) 9) dialog: That was the first time you attempted to commit suicide, wasn't it? (no response) You must try to talk about it, Billy.
33) 11) dialog: Mister McMurphy, the purpose of this meeting is therapy. Group therapy.
33) 13) dialog: Let me pose a question to the group: do any of you feel that Mister McMurphy is perhaps imposing his personal desires on you too much?
33) 16) dialog: Will one more vote satisfy you?
33) 18) dialog: Very well. What is it you're proposing, Mister McMurphy?
33) 20) dialog: (to the patients) A vote is before the group.
33) 22) dialog: Everyone in favor of changing the schedule raise his hand. The first hand to come up is Cheswick's. Then McMurphy's. Then Martini, Scanlon, Sefelt, Fredrickson, Billy and Tab Harding doesn't vote. Big Nurse starts counting the hands. McMurphy, his face beaming, counts the hands.
33) 24) dialog: I'm sorry, Mister McMurphy, I count only eight.
33) 26) dialog: But there are eighteen patients on the ward, Mister McMurphy.
33) 28) dialog: I'm sorry, Mister McMurphy, but you must have a majority to change ward policy.
33) 31) dialog: (losing ground) You mean you don't want their votes to count, Billy!
33) 35) dialog: Sit down, Mister McMurphy! McMurphy turns the TV on, flips the channel, then sits an waits for a picture.
33) 36) dialog: I want you to turn the television off and return to your place! A picture swirls onto the TV screen. The ballgame is in progress (documentary footage to be used). Martini rushes over and joins McMurphy. Scanlon follows h on his heels as --
33) 38) dialog: Sit down, Mister Cheswick. Cheswick stops and stands there, helpless to move.
33) 42) dialog: (over loudspeaker) I want you men to return to your proper places. The group meeting is not over! McMurphy continues looking at the blank TV screen as the Acutes look from McMurphy to Big Nurse, not knowing what do next when --
33) 44) dialog: (over loudspeaker) Mister McMurphy, you are deliberately violating the rules!...
33) 46) dialog: (over loudspeaker) You men remain seated!
33) 53) dialog: (over loudspeaker) You boys, stop this and go to your assignments! Mister McMurphy, I want you to set an example...
37) 0) text: as McMurphy crosses the day room, past the nurses' statio where Turkle is asleep.
40) 0) text: as McMurphy and the other patients cross the day room, pa the nurses' station, where Turkle shifts in his sleep.
60) 0) text: as Big Nurse steps out of the Nurses' Station.
60) 2) dialog: Good. Well, boys, did you enjoy yourselves? A burst of exuberance as the inmates hold up their fish.
60) 4) dialog: My, my... No one can find superlatives or gestures big enough to describe his catching of the big fish, "brought it in himself" AD LIB.
60) 6) dialog: Mr. McMurphy, you had no right to take these men out with you!
60) 8) dialog: No, it was irresponsible! Big Nurse turns to the others, leaving McMurphy dangling.
60) 9) dialog: (respectfully) That's quite a catch, Jim. Whaat are you going to do with it?
60) 13) dialog: That's an excellent idea. Now, why don't you boys place your fish on the gurney and we'll see to it that everyone enjoys a fresh fish dinner. The men toss their fish on the gurney as Martini joins th group and starts hitting the others up for a cigarette. A he gets for his troubles are a series of "No," "Get lost, don't have any."
60) 14) dialog: Thank you, boys. Now if you'll just go along with Mister Washington to the showers, supper is in half an hour. The inmates start AD LIBBING and laughing, "We're not hungry," as Martini sees Harding light up a cigarette and crosses to him.
65) 0) text: There are four other aides in there, standing around an e gurney. A DOCTOR is at the head of the gurney, a NURSE alongside him.
65) 8) dialog: Conductant.
66) 1) dialog: (to Sefelt) It's been brought to my attention that you're giving Mister Fredrickson your medication, aren't you, Mister Sefelt?
66) 3) dialog: Now, Jim, you must be honest with yourself. At the end of the hall, the door opens and McMurphy and Bromden enter the visitors' room, accompanied by Washingt and Warren. They cross to the security gate, open it and into the hallway. Washington and Warren disappear into a room, leaving McMu and Bromden, who walk slowly towards the day room. The Group Meeting continues over as Fredrickson raises hi hand.
66) 4) dialog: Yes, Mister Fredrickson?
66) 8) dialog: Sit down, Mister Cheswick, and wait your turn! He sits.
66) 9) dialog: If the dorms were left open, you would just return to bed after breakfast...
66) 11) dialog: With few exceptions, time spent in the company of others is therapeutic, while every minute spent brooding alone only increases separation.
66) 16) dialog: Mister McMurphy.
66) 18) dialog: Welcome back.
66) 20) dialog: I hope everything is settled.
66) 22) dialog: Good. Why don't you join us?
67) 3) dialog: Certainly, Mister McMurphy, with pleasure.
67) 6) dialog: Yes. Good luck, Mister McMurphy.
67) 41) dialog: No.
67) 43) dialog: No, miss, it's the other way around.
67) 70) dialog: Who?
67) 72) dialog: Miss, it's a complicated case. It would take too long to explain.
67) 74) dialog: (to Billy) Billy, it's not polite to stare! Billy sinks back, thinks it over, then presses forward.
69) 0) text: As the two of them cross into the day room heading for th window, Turkle sticks his head out of the nurses' station
70) 0) text: as McMurphy enters the nurses' station and looks around.
72) 0) text: MUSIC OVER as the patients are queued up at the nurses' station where Candy is handing out cups full of whiskey, McMurphy backing her up, pouring the booze into the cups. Harding takes his cup and moves back into the day room as Ellis automatically downs the booze, gags and goes spinni off across the hallway and is nailed to the wall.
74) 0) text: Silence as the last man is driven out of the nurses' stat Down the hallway, a light goes on in the visitors' room.
75) 0) text: as Turkle, shushing the crowd, makes his way to the nurse lounge and opens the door.
76) 0) text: as Turkle steps out of the nurses' station, closing the d behind him.
77) 0) text: as Turkle enters, crosses to the nurses' lounge and opens door to see the patients, silhouetted against the open refrigerator light, moving around, pulling the room apart smacks of Dante's Inferno as Turkle snaps on the light an steps into the room.
83) 0) text: as the MUSIC ENDS. A long silence, then another NUMBER be as McMurphy, who has nodded off, starts awake and looks around. McMURPHY'S POV Bromden sits by the window waiting. Cheswick is asleep on the table. Martini and Scanlon are sitting in their wheelchairs fill their cups from through the enema tube. Harding sits, maintaining his aloofness, smoking a cigare Sefelt is sitting on the floor, in a drunken stupor, whil Fredrickson dances around him. Candy and Billy stand, locked in each other's arms, swayi to the MUSIC. McMURPHY struggles to his feet, steadies himself, crosses to the nurses' station.
88) 2) dialog: Thank you, Mister Washington! Mister McMurphy, do you know where Billy is? McMurphy shrugs "no."
88) 3) dialog: Mister Harding, have you seen Billy? Harding shrugs "no."
88) 4) dialog: Mister Sefelt... Big Nurse's question is cut off as all the patients and attendants turn their heads toward the hallway and start laughing. Big Nurse turns to see Turkle, without his shir on, walk into the seclusion room and close the door behin him. Big Nurse turns and starts down the hallway, the laughter trailing after her when, suddenly, the laughter breaks of Big Nurse stops and in the silence, she opens the door.
89) 0) text: as Big Nurse opens the door to see Candy snuggled up to Billy, who lies there, eyes closed, a smile on his face.
90) 0) text: as Big Nurse heads for the day room, walking straight for McMurphy when:
90) 4) dialog: You should have thought about that before you brought that woman in here!
90) 6) dialog: I don't want your mother to believe something like this but what am I to think?
90) 8) dialog: Billy, that girl couldn't have pulled you in there forcibly...
90) 10) dialog: Who? Tell me!
90) 14) dialog: Get up, Billy.
90) 17) dialog: (ignoring McMurphy) Mister Washington.
90) 20) dialog: (to Washington) Put him in Doctor Spivey's office!
91) 0) text: as Big Nurse, still on the phone, sees Miller go sprawlin across the floor. She grabs the intercom.
91) 1) dialog: (through loudspeaker) Washington! Warren! To the day room, immediately!
93) 0) text: CAMERA SHOOTING TOWARD the door, crammed full of patients who stare at the scene with curious detached looks, as Bi Nurse and Nurse Pilbow force their way through the patien The crowd parts and Big Nurse stops in the doorway, horri at what she sees. CAMERA HOLDS on Big Nurse's reaction. A beat, then McMurphy appears alongside Big Nurse and is stricken by what he sees. McMURPHY AND BIG NURSE'S POV - REVERSE SHOT - DOCTOR SPIV
93) 3) dialog: Get away from him! Don't you dare touch him! McMurphy turns and leaps at Big Nurse, grabbing her throa he drives her into the Acutes and Nurse Pilbow.
94) 0) text: as McMurphy, Big Nurse, Nurse Pilbow and several Acutes g down, arms and legs intertwined, kicking, trying to get a as McMurphy strangles Big Nurse. Nurse Pilbow screaming, as Washington, Warren, Miller rus in, trying to break his hold on Big Nurse's throat, her f turning blue. McMurphy's face, twisted by his passion, wh Washington lands a rabbit punch and MeMurphy's face relax as he passes out.
97) 1) dialog: (through loudspeaker) Did everything go well, Mister Sefelt? Sefelt turns to the nurses' station where, inside, Big Nu sits very erect, wearing a back brace that reaches up aro her neck. Sefelt shows his teeth and gums to Big Nurse.
97) 2) dialog: (through loudspeaker) That's very nice. Now, doesn't that make you feel better, Mister Sefelt?
97) 4) dialog: Good... She turns back to her work. Sefelt crosses to the card game, where he sits and catche Fredrickson's attention; showing him his teeth. Fredricks smiles at Sefelt and blows him a kiss.
97) 20) dialog: Yes, Mister Harding?
97) 22) dialog: No. Mister Harding, that is not true.
99) 0) text: as Bromden crosses into the day room, gets a seat, and si facing the hallway, bursting with expectation. A long beat, then the Attendant appears with McMurphy and taps at the side door to the nurses' station. The Acutes break off their card game and look at McMurphy their faces hang open at his appearance. Big Nurse crosses to the side door, opens it, and steps o into the day room. To the Attendant as she takes McMurphy the arm:
99) 1) dialog: Thank you...
99) 3) dialog: (to McMurphy) Now, let's find you a place to sit, shall we, Mister McMurphy? Big Nurse gently guides McMurphy to a seat on the Chronic side of the room. Bromden can hardly contain himself as he waits for McMurp to go into his act. The Acutes have already absorbed the reality of McMurphy' condition as they exchange looks with each other.
99) 7) dialog: (sitting McMurphy down) Here now, you sit here... That's it... Big Nurse pats McMurphy's face and crosses back to the nurses' station. McMurphy just sits there, his head lolling to one side. Bromden waits for McMurphy to go into his routine. McMurphy just sits there. Bromden snaps his fingers and slaps his thigh, then waits McMurphy to follow suit. McMurphy just sits there slobbering. Bromden slaps his thigh again. No response from McMurphy. The MUSIC PLAYS ON.
100) 1) text: The patients are all asleep. The new night attendant is f asleep in the nurses' station. Bromden quietly takes his pillow and goes to McMurphy's b where he kneels and puts his head very close to McMurphy' long beat as Bromden studies McMurphy's face.
101) 0) text: The night attendant continues to sleep as Bromden passes nurses' station, heading for the tub room.
103) 0) text: as Bromden comes around the corner and past the sleeping night attendant in the nurses' station. Bromden lines himself up with the window across the room, then starts toward it, picking up speed as he goes. Then, the last moment, he stops and, with an enormous effort, h hurls the machine through the security screen and the win A LOUD CRASH. In the nurses' station, the night attendant starts awake looks around. Too late as Bromden vaults through the wind CAMERA HOLDS on window as Bromden runs across the grounds disappears into the pine trees.
104) 0) text: as the night attendant comes out of the nurses' station a looks confusedly around. Then he spots the shattered wind