1) 0) text: Strange HUMMING SOUNDS, CLANKING PIPES and HISSING RADIAT as we see beds, with patients lying asleep, line two wall The third wall is a heavy gauge steel grill, with a door opens on to the day room. The door is open. On the far si of the day room, a long hallway with other doors opening rooms: the latrine, washroom, tub room, mess hall, seclus room, psychiatrist's office, visitors' room, etc. Across the day room, a glass enclosed nurses' station whe TURKLE, a Negro night attendant, is seen preparing to go duty. The CAMERA PANS the beds in the men's dorm. One man turns another twists, a third lies as if dead. CAMERA PAN ENDS on BROMDEN, who lies still, eyes wide ope very alert. He reaches down, plucks a stale piece of gum under the bed frame, puts it in his mouth and starts chew A beat, then Bromden carefully undoes the leather strap w binds him to the bed. He slips out of bed and quietly mak his way down the aisle, paying no attention to the other patients, some of who are beginning to stir awake. Ahead, at the end of the hallway, the door opens and thre Negro day attendants, WASHINGTON, WARREN and MILLER, dres in white uniforms, enter and move down the hallway and disappear into a side room. Bromden continues his silent journey towards the day room Turkle emerges from the side door to the nurses' lounge, up the hallway as MISS PILBOW, the day nurse, comes in, passing Turkle on the way out. She crosses to the nurses' station and enters as Bromden reaches the day room.
2) 0) text: as Bromden makes his way across the day room, past the nurses' station, unnoticed by Miss Pilbow who is busy preparing the day's medication. Bromden is sliding along the hallway wall, when he is suddenly cut off by a mop which THUDS against one side of neck. A second mop yokes him on the other side. Bromden freezes. Terrified.
3) 0) text: as Big Nurse enters to be greeted by Miss Pilbow, who wea an enormous cross between her breasts.
5) 0) text: as the Acutes straggle past Big Nurse.
7) 0) text: No sound as we SEE Big Nurse watch the last few patients past the side door to the Nurses' Station where Miss Pilb hands out little cups with pills. Washington stands by, checking to see each man takes his pills before filling t cups with orange juice. The last patient takes his pills and returns to his place the Day Room. Miss Pilbow closes the window. Satisfied that all is well, Big Nurse turns on an old 45 record player with a stack of records, then she settles d to her work as a SOFT, NOSTALGIC NUMBER from the '40's is HEARD OVER LOUDSPEAKER. CAMERA BEGINS SLOW PAN of the Day Room. The patients, under the influence of drugs, have settled for the day. HARDING is playing cards with MARTINI, CHESW and BILLY. SEFELT and FREDRICKSON are putting a jigsaw pu together in brotherly love. SORENSEN is off by himself, rubbing his hands clean. TABER, pencil in hand, sits pondering over a blank piece of paper. SCANLON paces back forth. On the Chronics' side of the room, RUCKLY is turni grimy photograph over in his hands. BANCINI sits wagging head, mumbling over and over, "Tired, awful tired..." ELL stands against the wall, arms outstretched, hands nailed the wall by imaginary nails. Bromden is pushing a mop around.  Washington, Warren and Miller are in the men's dorm makin the Chronics' beds when O.S. the TELEPHONE RINGS.
9) 0) text: as Miss Pilbow exits nurses' station and heads down the hallway, Washington and Warren on her heels. Miller looki wistfully after them.
11) 0) text: as McMurphy enters the building followed by the Deputies, where Nurse Pilbow, McMurphy's folder in hand, and Washin and Warren stand waiting -- all in a pleasant, receptive mood. First Deputy hands McMurphy's gym bag to Washington who hands it to Warren.
12) 0) text: Other STAFF MEMBERS are administrative personnel are SEEN McMurphy walks alongside Nurse Pilbow, who is noticeably nervous by his close proximity. Washington and Warren casually bringing up the rear.
13) 0) text: as McMurphy, Spivey, Washington and Warren cross the visitors' area towards Nurse Pilbow, who stands holding t security gate open. At the far end of the hallway, which opens into the day room, patients can be seen.
14) 0) text: as McMurphy drifts into the room and looks around. The ro is as it was. The MUSIC ENDS. There is a CLICK. McMurphy' attention is drawn to the nurses' station. McMURPHY'S POV OF NURSES' STATION where Miss Pilbow is SEEN through a large plate glass win busy typing a nameplate for McMurphy. Big Nurse, her back to McMurphy, is turning over a stack records. She presses the phonograph button. A record fall the turntable and MUSIC BEGINS as she turns and sees McMurphy.
14) 1) text: McMurphy smiles and tips his hat to Big Nurse.  Big Nurse smiles back and takes her seat.  McMurphy turns and drifts into the day room.  Big Nurse looks up and studies him.  McMurphy catches the eye of a PATIENT, sitting by himself
15) 0) text: as Big Nurse and McMurphy cross down the aisle.
17) 0) text: CAMERA is on Big Nurse as she stands, in front of a chair doing a deep breathing exercise. The patients and staff, standing in front of chairs arran in a circle, follow suit as best they can. After a couple exercises Big Nurse sits. The others do the same except Bancini, who remains standing, wagging his head back and forth.
19) 0) text: The MUSIC is PLAYING. The TV is on the six o'clock news a McMurphy, cards in hand, is dealing blackjack to Cheswick Harding, Sefelt, Billy and Martini. Fredrickson and Scanl are looking on as Bromden eases up to the game. Cheswick at the nurses' station talking to Big Nurse.
20) 0) text: as McMurphy enters. Nurse Pilbow is the only one there.
21) 0) text: as McMurphy goes around to the front of the nurses' stati and queues up behind the other Acutes who are getting the medication. McMurphy reaches the window, takes the cup, b doesn't take his pills.
21) 24) text: Big Nurse is busy at her work.
22) 1) text: CAMERA HOLDS on Big Nurse as McMurphy's VOICE is HEARD ov INTERCOM.
26) 0) text: as the Acutes straggle past Big Nurse.
33) 0) text: A Group Meeting is in progress and Big Nurse is honed in Billy.
37) 0) text: as McMurphy crosses the day room, past the nurses' statio where Turkle is asleep.
40) 0) text: as McMurphy and the other patients cross the day room, pa the nurses' station, where Turkle shifts in his sleep.
60) 0) text: as Big Nurse steps out of the Nurses' Station.
65) 0) text: There are four other aides in there, standing around an e gurney. A DOCTOR is at the head of the gurney, a NURSE alongside him.
65) 8) dialog: Conductant.
69) 0) text: As the two of them cross into the day room heading for th window, Turkle sticks his head out of the nurses' station
70) 0) text: as McMurphy enters the nurses' station and looks around.
72) 0) text: MUSIC OVER as the patients are queued up at the nurses' station where Candy is handing out cups full of whiskey, McMurphy backing her up, pouring the booze into the cups. Harding takes his cup and moves back into the day room as Ellis automatically downs the booze, gags and goes spinni off across the hallway and is nailed to the wall.
74) 0) text: Silence as the last man is driven out of the nurses' stat Down the hallway, a light goes on in the visitors' room.
75) 0) text: as Turkle, shushing the crowd, makes his way to the nurse lounge and opens the door.
76) 0) text: as Turkle steps out of the nurses' station, closing the d behind him.
77) 0) text: as Turkle enters, crosses to the nurses' lounge and opens door to see the patients, silhouetted against the open refrigerator light, moving around, pulling the room apart smacks of Dante's Inferno as Turkle snaps on the light an steps into the room.
83) 0) text: as the MUSIC ENDS. A long silence, then another NUMBER be as McMurphy, who has nodded off, starts awake and looks around. McMURPHY'S POV Bromden sits by the window waiting. Cheswick is asleep on the table. Martini and Scanlon are sitting in their wheelchairs fill their cups from through the enema tube. Harding sits, maintaining his aloofness, smoking a cigare Sefelt is sitting on the floor, in a drunken stupor, whil Fredrickson dances around him. Candy and Billy stand, locked in each other's arms, swayi to the MUSIC. McMURPHY struggles to his feet, steadies himself, crosses to the nurses' station.
89) 0) text: as Big Nurse opens the door to see Candy snuggled up to Billy, who lies there, eyes closed, a smile on his face.
90) 0) text: as Big Nurse heads for the day room, walking straight for McMurphy when:
91) 0) text: as Big Nurse, still on the phone, sees Miller go sprawlin across the floor. She grabs the intercom.
93) 0) text: CAMERA SHOOTING TOWARD the door, crammed full of patients who stare at the scene with curious detached looks, as Bi Nurse and Nurse Pilbow force their way through the patien The crowd parts and Big Nurse stops in the doorway, horri at what she sees. CAMERA HOLDS on Big Nurse's reaction. A beat, then McMurphy appears alongside Big Nurse and is stricken by what he sees. McMURPHY AND BIG NURSE'S POV - REVERSE SHOT - DOCTOR SPIV
94) 0) text: as McMurphy, Big Nurse, Nurse Pilbow and several Acutes g down, arms and legs intertwined, kicking, trying to get a as McMurphy strangles Big Nurse. Nurse Pilbow screaming, as Washington, Warren, Miller rus in, trying to break his hold on Big Nurse's throat, her f turning blue. McMurphy's face, twisted by his passion, wh Washington lands a rabbit punch and MeMurphy's face relax as he passes out.
99) 0) text: as Bromden crosses into the day room, gets a seat, and si facing the hallway, bursting with expectation. A long beat, then the Attendant appears with McMurphy and taps at the side door to the nurses' station. The Acutes break off their card game and look at McMurphy their faces hang open at his appearance. Big Nurse crosses to the side door, opens it, and steps o into the day room. To the Attendant as she takes McMurphy the arm:
100) 1) text: The patients are all asleep. The new night attendant is f asleep in the nurses' station. Bromden quietly takes his pillow and goes to McMurphy's b where he kneels and puts his head very close to McMurphy' long beat as Bromden studies McMurphy's face.
101) 0) text: The night attendant continues to sleep as Bromden passes nurses' station, heading for the tub room.
103) 0) text: as Bromden comes around the corner and past the sleeping night attendant in the nurses' station. Bromden lines himself up with the window across the room, then starts toward it, picking up speed as he goes. Then, the last moment, he stops and, with an enormous effort, h hurls the machine through the security screen and the win A LOUD CRASH. In the nurses' station, the night attendant starts awake looks around. Too late as Bromden vaults through the wind CAMERA HOLDS on window as Bromden runs across the grounds disappears into the pine trees.
104) 0) text: as the night attendant comes out of the nurses' station a looks confusedly around. Then he spots the shattered wind