7) 0) text: No sound as we SEE Big Nurse watch the last few patients past the side door to the Nurses' Station where Miss Pilb hands out little cups with pills. Washington stands by, checking to see each man takes his pills before filling t cups with orange juice. The last patient takes his pills and returns to his place the Day Room. Miss Pilbow closes the window. Satisfied that all is well, Big Nurse turns on an old 45 record player with a stack of records, then she settles d to her work as a SOFT, NOSTALGIC NUMBER from the '40's is HEARD OVER LOUDSPEAKER. CAMERA BEGINS SLOW PAN of the Day Room. The patients, under the influence of drugs, have settled for the day. HARDING is playing cards with MARTINI, CHESW and BILLY. SEFELT and FREDRICKSON are putting a jigsaw pu together in brotherly love. SORENSEN is off by himself, rubbing his hands clean. TABER, pencil in hand, sits pondering over a blank piece of paper. SCANLON paces back forth. On the Chronics' side of the room, RUCKLY is turni grimy photograph over in his hands. BANCINI sits wagging head, mumbling over and over, "Tired, awful tired..." ELL stands against the wall, arms outstretched, hands nailed the wall by imaginary nails. Bromden is pushing a mop around.  Washington, Warren and Miller are in the men's dorm makin the Chronics' beds when O.S. the TELEPHONE RINGS.
13) 13) dialog: (approaching and pointing to his mouth) Doc, my gungs hurt me. Spivey starts checking out Sefelt's mouth.
13) 16) dialog: Uh-huh...
13) 18) dialog: Okay, Doc! McMurphy and Nurse Pilbow reach the day room.
13) 24) dialog: Hi. Sefelt crosses into the day room where he joins Fredricks who is putting a jigsaw puzzle together.
17) 31) dialog: What's he talkin' about?
17) 38) dialog: Yeah, Harding, where do you breathe anyway?
17) 44) dialog: Why?
17) 53) dialog: Yeah, turn her loose!
18) 21) dialog: That kind of behavior will get you a P.A. rating, my friend.
18) 23) dialog: Potential assaultive.
19) 0) text: The MUSIC is PLAYING. The TV is on the six o'clock news a McMurphy, cards in hand, is dealing blackjack to Cheswick Harding, Sefelt, Billy and Martini. Fredrickson and Scanl are looking on as Bromden eases up to the game. Cheswick at the nurses' station talking to Big Nurse.
19) 1) dialog: Hit me!
19) 3) dialog: Boogered! McMurphy rakes in Sefelt's cigarettes, adding them to a p of loose cigarettes, packs of cigarettes, several cartons cigarettes. As Cheswick sits down, depressed:
30) 19) dialog: Big man!
30) 21) dialog: On what?
30) 25) dialog: Maybe he'll just show Miss Ratched his big thing an' she'll open the door for him. Sefelt and Frederickson smile at each other. Bromden slides along the wall toward the door.
30) 27) dialog: Why, my head would just squash like an eggplant, McMurphy. Fredrickson and Sefelt snicker in their hands.
30) 44) dialog: I'll bet a dollar.
33) 50) dialog: Yes, I see it! I see it!
42) 0) text: Cheswick, Bromden, Martini, Scanlon, Sefelt, Fredrickson, Billy, Taber and McMurphy, stand looking at the dumbwaite
42) 6) dialog: Me too...
43) 5) dialog: There they are!
43) 11) dialog: Yeah, my feet are gettin' cold.
44) 5) dialog: (squinting) I don't know...
44) 13) dialog: My feet hurt...
58) 0) text: The sun is up. The engine is dead. The ballgame is HEARD ship's RADIO. The men are scattered over the boat. Taber McMurphy, beer in hand, are sunning themselves, listening the ballgame. On the stern Martini and Scanlon are trying rig up a pole. Fredrickson gives them a hand. Billy has a line out. So does Bromden and Sefelt who is seated nearby fishing the ocean floor when he suddenly gets a bite and looks over the side, surprised. His line goes straight do into the depths. His glasses fall off into the water. Sef sighs and slowly begins reeling his line in. Billy gets a strike and starts fighting the fish.
58) 6) dialog: Oh, my God! I see something! Everyone rushes over to Sefelt and looks down into the wa
60) 11) dialog: I thought I might donate it to the mess hall.
66) 2) dialog: It's the Dilantin that makes my gums soft!
78) 0) text: as Turkle steps into the room and sees the extent of the plundering. The filing cabinet is open. So is the medicin cabinet. Rolls of medical gauze are strewn around, cough syrup and orange juice are flowing. The patients start piling out of the room, carrying their plunder. Fredrickson and Sefelt are SEEN sitting on the floor, in front of the open refrigerator, looking through their dossiers.
78) 2) dialog: Lemme see... Sefelt leans in, unintentionally tipping a bottle of coug syrup in his hand which goes "glug, glug, glug..." all ov the papers.
78) 3) dialog: Jesus, they're terrible grades, Fred... Turkle stoically takes in the shattered remains of his jo unscrews the top to his bottle of whiskey, and takes the biggest swig of his life as, O.S., Rose is HEARD SCREAMIN
81) 0) text: A SOFT NOSTALGIC NUMBER is HEARD OVER LOUDSPEAKER as Hard Billy and Cheswick watch McMurphy dance with Candy, Fredrickson with Sefelt and Rose, who is dressed, dance w Taber. Martini and Scanlon are busy draping hospital gauze aroun the room. Bromden sits by the window -- waiting.
82) 0) text: Another SOFT NOSTALGIC NUMBER is HEARD OVER LOUDSPEAKER a McMurphy, Candy, Harding, Cheswick, Taber, Sefelt and Fredrickson watch Rose, on a table, doing a solo bump-and grind dance, while Martini and Scanlon race around the ro in wheelchairs. Billy sits, watching Candy and McMurphy, who sit across t room. Candy is tired and bored. McMurphy is drunk and starting to fade.
83) 0) text: as the MUSIC ENDS. A long silence, then another NUMBER be as McMurphy, who has nodded off, starts awake and looks around. McMURPHY'S POV Bromden sits by the window waiting. Cheswick is asleep on the table. Martini and Scanlon are sitting in their wheelchairs fill their cups from through the enema tube. Harding sits, maintaining his aloofness, smoking a cigare Sefelt is sitting on the floor, in a drunken stupor, whil Fredrickson dances around him. Candy and Billy stand, locked in each other's arms, swayi to the MUSIC. McMURPHY struggles to his feet, steadies himself, crosses to the nurses' station.
96) 1) text: as Sefelt and Miller enter the visitors' room, cross to t security gate and pass into the hallway. Bromden goes bac his mopping.
97) 0) text: as Sefelt jauntily enters the day room.
97) 3) dialog: Yes, ma'am...
97) 7) dialog: (to Fredrickson) Ya know what, Fred?
97) 10) dialog: Just wait till you hear...
97) 12) dialog: McMurphy killed two attendants and escaped...
97) 14) dialog: Yesterday...
97) 16) dialog: Gary Blinker...