7) 0) text: No sound as we SEE Big Nurse watch the last few patients past the side door to the Nurses' Station where Miss Pilb hands out little cups with pills. Washington stands by, checking to see each man takes his pills before filling t cups with orange juice. The last patient takes his pills and returns to his place the Day Room. Miss Pilbow closes the window. Satisfied that all is well, Big Nurse turns on an old 45 record player with a stack of records, then she settles d to her work as a SOFT, NOSTALGIC NUMBER from the '40's is HEARD OVER LOUDSPEAKER. CAMERA BEGINS SLOW PAN of the Day Room. The patients, under the influence of drugs, have settled for the day. HARDING is playing cards with MARTINI, CHESW and BILLY. SEFELT and FREDRICKSON are putting a jigsaw pu together in brotherly love. SORENSEN is off by himself, rubbing his hands clean. TABER, pencil in hand, sits pondering over a blank piece of paper. SCANLON paces back forth. On the Chronics' side of the room, RUCKLY is turni grimy photograph over in his hands. BANCINI sits wagging head, mumbling over and over, "Tired, awful tired..." ELL stands against the wall, arms outstretched, hands nailed the wall by imaginary nails. Bromden is pushing a mop around.  Washington, Warren and Miller are in the men's dorm makin the Chronics' beds when O.S. the TELEPHONE RINGS.
14) 8) dialog: Are you a doctor?
14) 23) dialog: I want you to write me a letter to my brother for a hundred dollars to bury me.
14) 25) dialog: I'm the next one.
14) 27) dialog: Because I quit breathing.
17) 32) dialog: Yeah, Harding, why don't you knockoff the bullshit and get to the point. Several Acutes chime in, "Yeah, get to the point," AD LIB
17) 36) dialog: Yeah, Harding, you're so fuckin' dumb I can't believe it.
17) 45) dialog: Yeah, why?
17) 51) dialog: You know what, Harding? I think you're some kind of morbid asshole or something. You've been talking about your wife evere since I can remember. You know, she's on your mind and blah, blah, blah and on and on and when are you going to wise up and turn her loose!
19) 18) dialog: (shouting back) Koufax against Ford!
21) 19) dialog: Yeah, whattsa matter, Mack, she too much for ya? McMurphy holds the pill up and flicks it into Harding's forehead.
30) 29) dialog: Yeah, you don't know how to get outta this place! Bromden reaches the door and looks out. No one is there.
30) 31) dialog: Yeah, yeah, you're a fucking phony, McMurphy! Bromden turns back to the room to see McMurphy slam his f down on the table; the monopoly game goes flying.
30) 33) dialog: Yeah, yeah, show me. Show me how!
30) 40) dialog: I'll bet a buck you don't do it!
39) 23) dialog: (waking up) What's going on?
39) 34) dialog: Bullshit. You ain't got no way out!
39) 36) dialog: Yeah!
39) 38) dialog: Ten bucks.
42) 0) text: Cheswick, Bromden, Martini, Scanlon, Sefelt, Fredrickson, Billy, Taber and McMurphy, stand looking at the dumbwaite
42) 2) dialog: Where's it go?
42) 4) dialog: I don't believe it...
43) 8) dialog: Somebody's coming!
44) 10) dialog: We'll get in trouble...
44) 17) dialog: Yeah, take us back to the dumbwaiter, Mac.
51) 10) dialog: Yeah, we'll miss breakfast!
58) 0) text: The sun is up. The engine is dead. The ballgame is HEARD ship's RADIO. The men are scattered over the boat. Taber McMurphy, beer in hand, are sunning themselves, listening the ballgame. On the stern Martini and Scanlon are trying rig up a pole. Fredrickson gives them a hand. Billy has a line out. So does Bromden and Sefelt who is seated nearby fishing the ocean floor when he suddenly gets a bite and looks over the side, surprised. His line goes straight do into the depths. His glasses fall off into the water. Sef sighs and slowly begins reeling his line in. Billy gets a strike and starts fighting the fish.
66) 6) dialog: Yeah, why can't a fellow even have the weekends to himself?
81) 0) text: A SOFT NOSTALGIC NUMBER is HEARD OVER LOUDSPEAKER as Hard Billy and Cheswick watch McMurphy dance with Candy, Fredrickson with Sefelt and Rose, who is dressed, dance w Taber. Martini and Scanlon are busy draping hospital gauze aroun the room. Bromden sits by the window -- waiting.
82) 0) text: Another SOFT NOSTALGIC NUMBER is HEARD OVER LOUDSPEAKER a McMurphy, Candy, Harding, Cheswick, Taber, Sefelt and Fredrickson watch Rose, on a table, doing a solo bump-and grind dance, while Martini and Scanlon race around the ro in wheelchairs. Billy sits, watching Candy and McMurphy, who sit across t room. Candy is tired and bored. McMurphy is drunk and starting to fade.
87) 0) text: MUSIC OVER LOUDSPEAKER as McMurphy crashes heavily into h chair. He can hardly keep his eyes open as he looks aroun Harding sits nearby. Taber is lying on a couch, his head in Rose's lap. Cheswick is asleep on the table. Ellis stands nailed to the wall. Bromden sits by the window -- waiting. CAMERA HOLDS on Bromden.
95) 0) text: MUSIC OVER LOUDSPEAKER. The day room is as it was in the beginning. Harding is dealing out a game of blackjack to Martini, Scanlon, Cheswick and Fredrickson. Taber, pencil in band, sits pondering over a blank sheet paper. Ruckly is turning a grimy photograph over in his hands. Bancini sits wagging his head, mumbling over and over, "Tired... awful tired..." Ellis stands against the wall, outstretched.