1) 0) text: Strange HUMMING SOUNDS, CLANKING PIPES and HISSING RADIAT as we see beds, with patients lying asleep, line two wall The third wall is a heavy gauge steel grill, with a door opens on to the day room. The door is open. On the far si of the day room, a long hallway with other doors opening rooms: the latrine, washroom, tub room, mess hall, seclus room, psychiatrist's office, visitors' room, etc. Across the day room, a glass enclosed nurses' station whe TURKLE, a Negro night attendant, is seen preparing to go duty. The CAMERA PANS the beds in the men's dorm. One man turns another twists, a third lies as if dead. CAMERA PAN ENDS on BROMDEN, who lies still, eyes wide ope very alert. He reaches down, plucks a stale piece of gum under the bed frame, puts it in his mouth and starts chew A beat, then Bromden carefully undoes the leather strap w binds him to the bed. He slips out of bed and quietly mak his way down the aisle, paying no attention to the other patients, some of who are beginning to stir awake. Ahead, at the end of the hallway, the door opens and thre Negro day attendants, WASHINGTON, WARREN and MILLER, dres in white uniforms, enter and move down the hallway and disappear into a side room. Bromden continues his silent journey towards the day room Turkle emerges from the side door to the nurses' lounge, up the hallway as MISS PILBOW, the day nurse, comes in, passing Turkle on the way out. She crosses to the nurses' station and enters as Bromden reaches the day room.
23) 0) text: The patients are asleep except for Bromden, who stands by window looking out. McMurphy is asleep in the bed next to his. A beat when TURKLE, a fifty-year-old Negro night attendant, slightly drunk, lays a gentle hand on Bromden's shoulder.
23) 1) dialog: Le's get back to bed, Mistah Bromden... Bromden allows himself to be led back to bed. Turkle fumb around for the security belt, finds it, straps Bromden loosely in bed, then goes off clucking to himself. Bromden reaches under his bed and plucks a stale piece of from under the bed frame. He starts chewing it when he se McMurphy looking at him. Bromden goes right on chewing and looking McMurphy right the eye.
37) 0) text: as McMurphy crosses the day room, past the nurses' statio where Turkle is asleep.
40) 0) text: as McMurphy and the other patients cross the day room, pa the nurses' station, where Turkle shifts in his sleep.
68) 1) dialog: (approaching) What you boys doin' up at this ungodly time o' the night?
68) 3) dialog: Well, you boys finish it up an' climb back into your beds. 'Kay?
69) 0) text: As the two of them cross into the day room heading for th window, Turkle sticks his head out of the nurses' station
69) 1) dialog: I thought I told you boys to go to bed!
69) 4) dialog: Oh yeah...
69) 6) dialog: Hallelujah, brother, now get back in bed!
69) 8) dialog: (crossing to McMurphy) That angel of mercy, he ain't a she, is he?
69) 11) dialog: Ah believe ya, brother. Ah believe ya!
69) 13) dialog: (taking the $20 and reaching for his keys) Ah'm on my knees, brother, ah'm on my knees. Turkle unlocks the security screen and raises the window. McMurphy sticks his head out the window.
69) 16) dialog: Shhh... Candy passes a heavy bag of bottles in. Then McMurphy and Turkle help her in. Her dress is above her thighs, her as visible as she swings over the windowsill and into McMurp arms.
69) 21) dialog: Hey, Mac! Gimme a hand, will ya! McMurphy disengages himself from Candy and lends Turkle a hand. Rose is finally hauled into the room.
69) 23) dialog: Shhh... let's move it away from the window... The group shifts a few feet as Turkle closes the window a locks the screen. McMurphy turns back to Candy.
69) 25) dialog: What happened?
69) 27) dialog: (mystified) What?
69) 29) dialog: Oh, that. That ain't nothin' to be afraid of, ma'am. Just ol Chief Bromden. That's all...
69) 40) dialog: They're sleeping, Miss. They're sleeping. An' we gotta keep it down so we don't disturb their sleep.
69) 42) dialog: Oh, no, Miss. Not these loonies. These are nice guys. Nice guys.
69) 44) dialog: What smell?
69) 46) dialog: Ammonia, Miss...
69) 48) dialog: Shhh, please, Miss. Keep it down... Rose turns to McMurphy who has opened a bottle of booze a is taking a long pull.
69) 52) dialog: (passing the bottle to Rose) Not exactly, Miss. Not exactly.
69) 56) dialog: Well, Miss... I would say... I would say, yes. Yes, he's crazy.
69) 58) dialog: Is he in an asylum?
69) 60) dialog: Oh, I see. He was a very sick man. Very sick.
69) 62) dialog: I don't know anything about that, Miss. I would have to examine you first...
69) 64) dialog: Well, I'm running a risk by letting you in, Miss. You know I'm runnin' a risk of gettin' my black ass fired. If you understand what I mean...
69) 67) dialog: I'll be very glad to show you around, Miss...
69) 74) dialog: Now, Miss. What do you want with twenty zombies when you got a twenty gun salute looking you right in the face.
69) 76) dialog: You better believe it, you sweet little thing. You better believe it...
69) 78) dialog: Oh, I'm all through talkin'. Now, let's just you an' me trip on down that hall.
69) 81) dialog: That's all I'm going to show you. McMURPHY'S POV - TURKLE AND ROSE as the two of them cross out of the day room toward the hallway, Turkle suddenly turns and hurries back to McMurp takes the bottle of booze and hurries off clucking to himself. BACK TO McMURPHY and CANDY.
73) 0) text: as Turkle shoves his way to the intercom system and switc off the lights and music.
73) 1) dialog: (furiously pushing them out) You crazy goons... shut up an' get outta here... Out! Out! Out!
74) 1) dialog: Shit, it's the soo-per-visor come to fire my black ass. A KEY is HEARD hitting the lock at the end of the hallway Without losing a beat, Turkle reverses his movement and starts pushing everybody back into the nurses' station.
74) 2) dialog: (pushing) Get back in there! In! In! In! As Turkle pushes the last man into the nurses' station, h sees Rose stick her head out of the seclusion room.
74) 3) dialog: (motioning and shouting) Stay in there! Stay in there! Rose ducks back into the seclusion room as, simultaneousl Turkle closes the door behind him to the nurses' station the door to the ward opens and the NIGHT SUPERVISOR, a mi aged woman, enters the ward.
75) 0) text: as Turkle, shushing the crowd, makes his way to the nurse lounge and opens the door.
75) 1) dialog: (harsh whisper) Alla ya goons, get in here! The patients pile into the nurses' lounge, Turkle crammin the last one through the door and closing it. He turns an crosses to the side door and steps out.
76) 0) text: as Turkle steps out of the nurses' station, closing the d behind him.
76) 2) dialog: Evenin', ma'am.
76) 4) dialog: (blocking her way to the day room) Why, sure, ma'am...
76) 6) dialog: Jus' cleanin' up, ma'am.
76) 8) dialog: Cleanliness is a twenty-four-hour job, ma'am... Harding passes by and enters the latrine.
76) 10) dialog: (leaning in) Ah guess the natives are restless, ma'am...
76) 12) dialog: Ah, no, ma'am... well, yes, ma'am... (leaning in close) A man get awful lonely at night, if ya know what Ah mean, ma'am... Down the hall, Rose sticks her head out the door, sees wh happening, and ducks back in as the Night Supervisor turn her heel and starts back down the hallway, Turkle at her heels.
76) 14) dialog: Yes, ma'am...
76) 16) dialog: Yes, ma'am... She opens the gate, slams it behind her, crosses to the m door, opers it and exits to:
76) 17) dialog: (calling after her) Night, night. Turkle turns and the smile leaves his face as he hurries the hallway. O.S. the TOILET FLUSHES as Turkle stops at the seclusion and sticks his head in.
76) 18) dialog: Be right back, honey... Turkle closes the door, crosses down to the nurses' stati and enters as Harding comes out of the latrine.
77) 0) text: as Turkle enters, crosses to the nurses' lounge and opens door to see the patients, silhouetted against the open refrigerator light, moving around, pulling the room apart smacks of Dante's Inferno as Turkle snaps on the light an steps into the room.
78) 0) text: as Turkle steps into the room and sees the extent of the plundering. The filing cabinet is open. So is the medicin cabinet. Rolls of medical gauze are strewn around, cough syrup and orange juice are flowing. The patients start piling out of the room, carrying their plunder. Fredrickson and Sefelt are SEEN sitting on the floor, in front of the open refrigerator, looking through their dossiers.
84) 0) text: as McMurphy enters and goes to Turkle, who is dead asleep McMurphy lifts Turkle's keys and leaves.
89) 1) dialog: (buttoning up his shirt) Morning, Miss Ratched... He slides out of the room as Billy opens his eyes. A long beat as they look at each other.