1) 0) text: Strange HUMMING SOUNDS, CLANKING PIPES and HISSING RADIAT as we see beds, with patients lying asleep, line two wall The third wall is a heavy gauge steel grill, with a door opens on to the day room. The door is open. On the far si of the day room, a long hallway with other doors opening rooms: the latrine, washroom, tub room, mess hall, seclus room, psychiatrist's office, visitors' room, etc. Across the day room, a glass enclosed nurses' station whe TURKLE, a Negro night attendant, is seen preparing to go duty. The CAMERA PANS the beds in the men's dorm. One man turns another twists, a third lies as if dead. CAMERA PAN ENDS on BROMDEN, who lies still, eyes wide ope very alert. He reaches down, plucks a stale piece of gum under the bed frame, puts it in his mouth and starts chew A beat, then Bromden carefully undoes the leather strap w binds him to the bed. He slips out of bed and quietly mak his way down the aisle, paying no attention to the other patients, some of who are beginning to stir awake. Ahead, at the end of the hallway, the door opens and thre Negro day attendants, WASHINGTON, WARREN and MILLER, dres in white uniforms, enter and move down the hallway and disappear into a side room. Bromden continues his silent journey towards the day room Turkle emerges from the side door to the nurses' lounge, up the hallway as MISS PILBOW, the day nurse, comes in, passing Turkle on the way out. She crosses to the nurses' station and enters as Bromden reaches the day room.
2) 2) dialog: You goin' t'see the Big White Fathuh?
4) 0) text: as Washington, Warren and Miller roust the patients out o bed.
6) 0) text: The patients are busy washing and shaving. Warren is assisting a vegetable wash himself as Washingto guides Bromden through a cage-like partition... where an antique barber chair stands.
6) 3) dialog: Tha's it... be right back! Warren leaves; the old man starts sliding.
7) 0) text: No sound as we SEE Big Nurse watch the last few patients past the side door to the Nurses' Station where Miss Pilb hands out little cups with pills. Washington stands by, checking to see each man takes his pills before filling t cups with orange juice. The last patient takes his pills and returns to his place the Day Room. Miss Pilbow closes the window. Satisfied that all is well, Big Nurse turns on an old 45 record player with a stack of records, then she settles d to her work as a SOFT, NOSTALGIC NUMBER from the '40's is HEARD OVER LOUDSPEAKER. CAMERA BEGINS SLOW PAN of the Day Room. The patients, under the influence of drugs, have settled for the day. HARDING is playing cards with MARTINI, CHESW and BILLY. SEFELT and FREDRICKSON are putting a jigsaw pu together in brotherly love. SORENSEN is off by himself, rubbing his hands clean. TABER, pencil in hand, sits pondering over a blank piece of paper. SCANLON paces back forth. On the Chronics' side of the room, RUCKLY is turni grimy photograph over in his hands. BANCINI sits wagging head, mumbling over and over, "Tired, awful tired..." ELL stands against the wall, arms outstretched, hands nailed the wall by imaginary nails. Bromden is pushing a mop around.  Washington, Warren and Miller are in the men's dorm makin the Chronics' beds when O.S. the TELEPHONE RINGS.
9) 0) text: as Miss Pilbow exits nurses' station and heads down the hallway, Washington and Warren on her heels. Miller looki wistfully after them.
11) 0) text: as McMurphy enters the building followed by the Deputies, where Nurse Pilbow, McMurphy's folder in hand, and Washin and Warren stand waiting -- all in a pleasant, receptive mood. First Deputy hands McMurphy's gym bag to Washington who hands it to Warren.
12) 0) text: Other STAFF MEMBERS are administrative personnel are SEEN McMurphy walks alongside Nurse Pilbow, who is noticeably nervous by his close proximity. Washington and Warren casually bringing up the rear.
12) 16) dialog: (simultaneously as Spivey passes into the ward) Mornin', Doctor Spivey.
12) 18) dialog: (simultaneously) Yes, sir! The door closes. CAMERA HOLDS on sign that READS:  SMILE AT THE NEXT FACE YOU SEE. IT MAY SAVE HIS LIFE.
13) 0) text: as McMurphy, Spivey, Washington and Warren cross the visitors' area towards Nurse Pilbow, who stands holding t security gate open. At the far end of the hallway, which opens into the day room, patients can be seen.
18) 0) text: WIDE SHOT of entire court, surrounded by a high fence top off with barbed wire, as Washington and Warren escort the Acutes -- including Bromden, Ellis, a lobotomy case and several other Chronics -- through the gate onto the court which is run down, with cracks in its surface and leaves scattered everywhere. Martini, who is carrying the ball, runs ahead, followed b Scanlon, where he starts dribbling the ball in a frantic circle, suddenly passes the ball to nothing.
25) 0) text: as Washington, Warren and Miller roust the patients out o bed.
27) 0) text: as McMurphy enters to see Warren take a firm grip on Bromaen's head and Washington goes to work on Bromden's f CAMERA PUSHES INTO EXTREME CLOSEUP of Bromden's fearfully distorted face as the BUZZING SOUND of the ELECTRIC RAZOR INTENSIFIES until it is INSUPPORTABLE.
32) 0) text: Washington, Warren and Miller are at the end of the hallw listening to a small RADIO. We can HEAR the SPORTS ANNOUN giving the line-up for the opening game of the World Seri
35) 0) text: Washington and Warren are sitting on the grass watching Martini, Scanlon, Harding and Billy, who are positioned o the court waiting on McMurphy who is under the board with Bromden. Cheswick and the other patients hang around off court as:
59) 0) text: as the Acutes, sunburned and covered with dried brine and fish scales, are escorted down the hallway by Washington, Warren and Doctor Spivey. It's a triumphant procession as they wheel the giant flou with a sheet over it on a gurney, holding up their catche for all to see. McMurphy is lagging a bit behind as they pass the mess ha where workmen are busy installing a security screen over transom, while inside the mess hall another workman is SE welding a lock on the dumbwaiter.
92) 0) text: McMurphy opens the screen, raises the window, and helps C and Rose out as Washington and Warren converge on them. McMurphy and Bromden wheel around. Washington, Warren and Miller appear around the corner, t one look, and head straight for McMurphy.
94) 0) text: as McMurphy, Big Nurse, Nurse Pilbow and several Acutes g down, arms and legs intertwined, kicking, trying to get a as McMurphy strangles Big Nurse. Nurse Pilbow screaming, as Washington, Warren, Miller rus in, trying to break his hold on Big Nurse's throat, her f turning blue. McMurphy's face, twisted by his passion, wh Washington lands a rabbit punch and MeMurphy's face relax as he passes out.