1) 0) text: Strange HUMMING SOUNDS, CLANKING PIPES and HISSING RADIAT as we see beds, with patients lying asleep, line two wall The third wall is a heavy gauge steel grill, with a door opens on to the day room. The door is open. On the far si of the day room, a long hallway with other doors opening rooms: the latrine, washroom, tub room, mess hall, seclus room, psychiatrist's office, visitors' room, etc. Across the day room, a glass enclosed nurses' station whe TURKLE, a Negro night attendant, is seen preparing to go duty. The CAMERA PANS the beds in the men's dorm. One man turns another twists, a third lies as if dead. CAMERA PAN ENDS on BROMDEN, who lies still, eyes wide ope very alert. He reaches down, plucks a stale piece of gum under the bed frame, puts it in his mouth and starts chew A beat, then Bromden carefully undoes the leather strap w binds him to the bed. He slips out of bed and quietly mak his way down the aisle, paying no attention to the other patients, some of who are beginning to stir awake. Ahead, at the end of the hallway, the door opens and thre Negro day attendants, WASHINGTON, WARREN and MILLER, dres in white uniforms, enter and move down the hallway and disappear into a side room. Bromden continues his silent journey towards the day room Turkle emerges from the side door to the nurses' lounge, up the hallway as MISS PILBOW, the day nurse, comes in, passing Turkle on the way out. She crosses to the nurses' station and enters as Bromden reaches the day room.
2) 3) dialog: He goin' t'see the Big White Muthuh... They cackle, legs jiving, as the ammonia stings Bromden's eyes and burns his nose. He tries to twist his head, but Washington jams the mop harder. Bromden freezes, panic spreading across his face.
2) 4) dialog: Haw, look at 'im, big 'nough to eat apples off my head an' he mine me like a baby... A KEY is HEARD hitting the lock in the main door. Washing very adroitly releases Bromden, hands him the mop, and tu along with Warren and Miller, to their duties, as BIG NUR enters the ward.
4) 0) text: as Washington, Warren and Miller roust the patients out o bed.
5) 3) dialog: Yes, Miss Ratched?
5) 5) dialog: (taking Bromden by the hand) Yes, Miss Ratched...
6) 1) dialog: (calling as he goes) Warren! He sits Bromden down and straps his bands and legs in, th plugs the electric shaver in and turns it on and brings t BUZZING instrument towards Bromden's face. Bromden turns away.
6) 2) dialog: (shouting out) Get your black ass in here! Warren props the vegetable up against the sink.
7) 0) text: No sound as we SEE Big Nurse watch the last few patients past the side door to the Nurses' Station where Miss Pilb hands out little cups with pills. Washington stands by, checking to see each man takes his pills before filling t cups with orange juice. The last patient takes his pills and returns to his place the Day Room. Miss Pilbow closes the window. Satisfied that all is well, Big Nurse turns on an old 45 record player with a stack of records, then she settles d to her work as a SOFT, NOSTALGIC NUMBER from the '40's is HEARD OVER LOUDSPEAKER. CAMERA BEGINS SLOW PAN of the Day Room. The patients, under the influence of drugs, have settled for the day. HARDING is playing cards with MARTINI, CHESW and BILLY. SEFELT and FREDRICKSON are putting a jigsaw pu together in brotherly love. SORENSEN is off by himself, rubbing his hands clean. TABER, pencil in hand, sits pondering over a blank piece of paper. SCANLON paces back forth. On the Chronics' side of the room, RUCKLY is turni grimy photograph over in his hands. BANCINI sits wagging head, mumbling over and over, "Tired, awful tired..." ELL stands against the wall, arms outstretched, hands nailed the wall by imaginary nails. Bromden is pushing a mop around.  Washington, Warren and Miller are in the men's dorm makin the Chronics' beds when O.S. the TELEPHONE RINGS.
9) 0) text: as Miss Pilbow exits nurses' station and heads down the hallway, Washington and Warren on her heels. Miller looki wistfully after them.
11) 0) text: as McMurphy enters the building followed by the Deputies, where Nurse Pilbow, McMurphy's folder in hand, and Washin and Warren stand waiting -- all in a pleasant, receptive mood. First Deputy hands McMurphy's gym bag to Washington who hands it to Warren.
12) 0) text: Other STAFF MEMBERS are administrative personnel are SEEN McMurphy walks alongside Nurse Pilbow, who is noticeably nervous by his close proximity. Washington and Warren casually bringing up the rear.
12) 16) dialog: (simultaneously as Spivey passes into the ward) Mornin', Doctor Spivey.
12) 18) dialog: (simultaneously) Yes, sir! The door closes. CAMERA HOLDS on sign that READS:  SMILE AT THE NEXT FACE YOU SEE. IT MAY SAVE HIS LIFE.
13) 0) text: as McMurphy, Spivey, Washington and Warren cross the visitors' area towards Nurse Pilbow, who stands holding t security gate open. At the far end of the hallway, which opens into the day room, patients can be seen.
17) 61) dialog: You a good boy, Mistah Bancini... Nurse Pilbow returns, hypodermic needle in hand. Pete turns to his fellow inmates.
18) 0) text: WIDE SHOT of entire court, surrounded by a high fence top off with barbed wire, as Washington and Warren escort the Acutes -- including Bromden, Ellis, a lobotomy case and several other Chronics -- through the gate onto the court which is run down, with cracks in its surface and leaves scattered everywhere. Martini, who is carrying the ball, runs ahead, followed b Scanlon, where he starts dribbling the ball in a frantic circle, suddenly passes the ball to nothing.
18) 2) dialog: Martini, there ain't nobody there, ya dumb goon! Go get the ball!
18) 38) dialog: Pass the ball, McMurphy. McMurphy crosses to the court, bouncing the ball as he go When he reaches the court he holds the ball out to Washington, who reaches for it, but McMurphy snaps it bac over his shoulder to Martini.
25) 0) text: as Washington, Warren and Miller roust the patients out o bed.
25) 2) dialog: Le's go, Chief. Le's go get ourselves all nice and clean... (to McMurphy) You too, Mistah Mack-Murphy! Washington goes off with Bromden. CAMERA HOLDS on McMurphy as he slowly pulls it together a sits on the edge of the bed. He's naked as he opens the drawer to his nightstand and fishes around for a cigarett
26) 10) dialog: Yes, Miss Ratched?
26) 12) dialog: (taking Bromden by the hand) Yes, Miss Ratched... Washington leads Bromden off. Big Nurse turns to Cheswick several other Acutes, who have crowded around.
27) 0) text: as McMurphy enters to see Warren take a firm grip on Bromaen's head and Washington goes to work on Bromden's f CAMERA PUSHES INTO EXTREME CLOSEUP of Bromden's fearfully distorted face as the BUZZING SOUND of the ELECTRIC RAZOR INTENSIFIES until it is INSUPPORTABLE.
28) 4) dialog: Nobody leaves here till seven thirty. McMurphy turns Washington over in his mind, then he looks at the clock above the door. The time is 7:28. The second hand sweeping its way toward 7:29.
28) 6) dialog: Tha's your problem.
28) 8) dialog: Huh?
32) 0) text: Washington, Warren and Miller are at the end of the hallw listening to a small RADIO. We can HEAR the SPORTS ANNOUN giving the line-up for the opening game of the World Seri
35) 0) text: Washington and Warren are sitting on the grass watching Martini, Scanlon, Harding and Billy, who are positioned o the court waiting on McMurphy who is under the board with Bromden. Cheswick and the other patients hang around off court as:
59) 0) text: as the Acutes, sunburned and covered with dried brine and fish scales, are escorted down the hallway by Washington, Warren and Doctor Spivey. It's a triumphant procession as they wheel the giant flou with a sheet over it on a gurney, holding up their catche for all to see. McMurphy is lagging a bit behind as they pass the mess ha where workmen are busy installing a security screen over transom, while inside the mess hall another workman is SE welding a lock on the dumbwaiter.
62) 3) dialog: Warren! Miller! The Acutes have stopped fighting and are watching. McMurphy tags Washington, then is grabbed from behind by Warren, who pulls him back. Washington moves in and goes to work on McMurphy, when Bromden grabs Washington, from behind, in a bear hug. Miller jumps on Bromden's back. Bromden, still holding Washington, backs up into the wall, squashing Miller, who screams out.
67) 10) dialog: Shit, man, tha' ain't even worth considerin'.
67) 12) dialog: Now you talkin'.
67) 14) dialog: Bet you ass...
67) 23) dialog: (slapping his hands) Gimme tha' ball! Billy panics and hands the ball to Washington, who turns around and makes another basket. Score: AIDES 6 PATIENTS McMurphy and Harding run down court, McMurphy taking the away from Martini, who would like to bring it in.
67) 25) dialog: Jus' playin' the game, sucker... Washington chuckles and trots on down court.
67) 82) dialog: (cool as a cucumber) Take you han's offa me! Spivey comes running, blowing his whistle.
67) 86) dialog: No way... Bromden takes the ball at the foul line. Sets himself up lobs the ball underhand. It goes in. The crowd goes wild.
87) 3) dialog: (very far away; getting closer) Bibbit? Where's Bill Bibbit, ya damn goons?
88) 0) text: as Washington jostles McMurphy awake.
88) 1) dialog: Come on, get over there! McMurphy allows himself to be led to the heavy security partition, by the men's dorm, where all the patients are lined up. It is morning and the day room is a mess: A few chairs turned over. Paper cups and empty bottles. Puddles of cough syrup, orange juice and apple juice work into sticky masses. Rose sits by herself on the couch. Bromden is the last one led to the lineup, where Big Nurs waits.
90) 19) dialog: Yes, Miss Ratched!
90) 21) dialog: Yes, Miss Ratched... Washington nods to Warren and the two of them scoop Billy the floor and carry him screaming to Doctor Spivey's offi as Big Nurse crosses into the nurses' station and picks u the phone as Candy eases her way into the day room and jo McMurphy. A beat, then Miller starts herding the patients toward th washroom, staying clear of McMurphy and Bromden, who don' move. McMurphy pulls the keys out of his pocket.
92) 0) text: McMurphy opens the screen, raises the window, and helps C and Rose out as Washington and Warren converge on them. McMurphy and Bromden wheel around. Washington, Warren and Miller appear around the corner, t one look, and head straight for McMurphy.
92) 1) dialog: (stopping just short) 'Kay, let's have the keys an' nobody get hurt! Washington's words are cut off as, O.S., Nurse Pilbow SCREAMS... a bloodcurdling scream. They turn to see Nurse Pilbow enter the nurses' station, her uniform splattered blood, hysterically talking to Big Nurse (we can't hear h Big Nurse and Nurse Pilbow rush out of the nurses' statio and head down the hallway. McMurphy is glued to the spot.
94) 0) text: as McMurphy, Big Nurse, Nurse Pilbow and several Acutes g down, arms and legs intertwined, kicking, trying to get a as McMurphy strangles Big Nurse. Nurse Pilbow screaming, as Washington, Warren, Miller rus in, trying to break his hold on Big Nurse's throat, her f turning blue. McMurphy's face, twisted by his passion, wh Washington lands a rabbit punch and MeMurphy's face relax as he passes out.