6) 0) text: A classy restaurant where foreign businesspeople meet and class flashes its cash. The group sits on a terrace near group of people surrounds Henneberg: Natalja, Winfried an further businesspeople, M. Vermillard, Mr. Myers and Dasc managers or business partners of Dacoil. Winfried has a l of him. The others are more refined, with glasses of wine
13) 0) text: A modern conference room. Henneberg sits next to Gerald, ROMANIAN MANAGERS, all in leather chairs. Ines stands in presentation. The tables on the slides create patterns on keeping an eye on everyone in the room, especially Henneb front of a laptop and loads the next slide for Ines.
15) 35) text: Tatjana... Nice to meet you, Toni. He shakes hands with the women. For the first time, he ma with Ines. Toni takes the chair next to Tatjana. The wait the champagne.
25) 25) text: The outdoor area of a nightclub. A pool is illuminated wi surrounded by curved seating areas, fake palm trees and p The reception is already busy. Aperitifs are being served headhunting company seems to be throwing money around. In Tatjana and a couple of people we don’t yet know. In th being photographed with their guests in front of a curved around. Suddenly she spots her father or, rather, Toni. H and also looks around. When he spies Ines, he raises his a bar table, he takes a bowl of nuts and empties it into herself together and approaches him.
27) 0) text: The distant boom of a bass line competes with the chirpin like a UFO landed in a wasteland. Where the parking lot e begins. Tatjana has opened the doors to her dark-colored seats and, for a moment, a question hangs in the air: Wha
29) 0) text: The club that now reveals itself is several times larger an aggressive lightshow, dancers, kitschy decor: It’s t Eastern Europe. They're led to a plush seating area next other guests from the reception are already sitting in th bottle of vodka from an ice bucket and starts pouring. Th Marley's “No Woman, No Cry” booms from the loudspeake more dramatic and the room goes pitch dark apart from a f shoot aggressively through the darkness. Tatjana shrieks through her fingers. They seem to know what's about to ha of an oversized cake, carrying a larger-than-life lollipo followed by a line of dancers whose legs appear even long pulls out his iPhone and starts filming. The dwarf whips the new girls start dancing. The old dancers disappear i vodka for Toni as if she’s challenging him.
30) 0) text: The VIP lounge has now filled up. Tatjana, Tim and Ines a champagne bucket. The dancers on the stage make acrobatic has become more lavish. A WAITER arrives with a fresh bot
37) 40) dialog: Yes, hello... Ana nods in surprise and looks at Tonia little warily. Su uncomfortable. Ines smiles politely at Ana and again resi
37) 52) dialog: No, no, we just did it with the children. Flavia quickly fetches a box from a shelf and takes out a ona strange little oven.
37) 53) dialog: The wax should be hot soon. Flavia comes over with the box. Dorina helps her; They ta traditional-looking eggs. No-one really seems to know why specifically interested in the eggs, but Dorina explains Ana translates into English.
37) 54) dialog: (in English) In the first step, you paint a pattern with wax on the egg. After that the egg will be put in the color bath. So under the wax it stays white.
37) 61) dialog: There is only one left. Dorina checks the oven, which is now hot. Ines hides her she can escape from the situation without seeming impolit
37) 63) dialog: With this tool you put the wax on the egg. It’s complicated.