25) 68) dialog: And which embassy do you work at?
25) 74) dialog: Sometimes it feels like this. Ines looks over at Tatjana and Tim, who are leaving the c women’s empty plates on top of each other.
37) 31) dialog: No... Sorry for my sister.
37) 33) dialog: Thank you. Flavia looks at Ines and Toni, trying to work out what’
37) 34) dialog: Please come in...
37) 38) dialog: Oh, I see. Please come in. Ines requires extra persuasion. INT - FLAVIA’S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - DAY Flavia leads the strange guests into a packed living room members are lounging with the children ona corner sofa, e It’s not clear whether it’s a family party or the pre quickly beckons Ana over. She’s the young woman who was headhunting company’s party.
37) 39) dialog: (to Ana) You remember Mr. Erdmann from the party.
37) 41) dialog: Do you want a coffee or a tea?
37) 44) dialog: We didn’t paint Bukowina eggs. But we can show you some...
37) 47) dialog: (in Romanian) Dorina, dansul este un amic care lucreaz? la Ambasada Germaniei, iar doamna Schnuck este secretara dansului... Vor si ei sa invete tehnica incondeierii. Le arati tu, te rog? (Dorina, this is Mr. Erdmann. We met at Ana’s company’s party. He works in the German embassy and wants to know a bit about the Bukowina technique.)
37) 50) dialog: (to Toni) My sister will explain to you. Flavia guides them to a table. On it lie some eggs which children.
37) 60) dialog: Please... sit down. Flavia points to two chairs. Amongst the children’s egg one remaining white egg.
37) 62) dialog: I will bring the coffee. Toni sits down. Dorina demonstrates painting something on pointed tool. Dorina continues in Romanian, handing the t translates.
37) 67) text: (in German) And take a few notes, please. He takes the cake and follows Flavia into the living room
37) 69) dialog: On Friday... But we come together before. On Easter everybody is at their own home.
37) 72) dialog: Oh, really? Ines looks at her father and Flavia. The latter is now re irksomely hitting the keys of a keyboard. All of a sudden
37) 87) dialog: Everything OK? You can play very well.
37) 89) dialog: A mask from Bulgaria. Do you want to stay for dinner? He looks at his watch.
37) 92) dialog: Yes... | know the German ambassador. Toni can’t help but laugh.
37) 94) dialog: I know... family. Flavia nods her head towards the apartment. They look at INT. - INES’ APARTMENT BLOCK - STAIRWELL - APARTMENT - Ines arrives at her apartment door. Three PARTY SERVICE E everything to the door. Ines lets them in and stands diso She watches as two men and a young woman from the party s together a round dinner table, hang up floral decorations things into her refrigerator. Ines makes an effort to dec go.