9) 49) dialog: No, I was in Zurich. And how was it with Henneberg?
9) 51) dialog: OK, that comes as a surprise.
9) 58) dialog: Right now, IвЂ™m not convinced...
9) 62) dialog: Illiescu isnвЂ™t an issue for the steering committee. We'll put this in a comfort zone. The three options are OK if you really feel confident.
9) 64) dialog: Is that little Anca going to be there today as well?
9) 66) text: The car pulls up near DacoilвЂ™s office building. Gerald
13) 0) text: A modern conference room. Henneberg sits next to Gerald, ROMANIAN MANAGERS, all in leather chairs. Ines stands in presentation. The tables on the slides create patterns on keeping an eye on everyone in the room, especially Henneb front of a laptop and loads the next slide for Ines.
13) 10) dialog: Absolutely.
13) 13) dialog: OK, I absolutely agree with Mr. Dascalu that there are many open questions. There is a lot that needs to be analyzed in more detail. But I would like to support Ms. Conradi. From my point of view at least option 2 is necessary. The big picture will not change and is absolutely in line with my experiences from other countries. Thank you, Ines. (addressing Henneberg) So now we need directions, Titus.
13) 15) dialog: Absolutely, Titus.
13) 17) dialog: (to Henneberg) At the end of this month, we should have all calculations done.
13) 18) text: Sorry, but I think we cannot promise anything as long as the cooperation with Buzau will not work better. Gerald is briefly taken aback by InesвЂ™ frank interjecti
13) 23) dialog: I donвЂ™t like that you donвЂ™t stick to the plan. The Iliescu thing wasnвЂ™t exactly elegant. The next steps are clear. But please inform me if there are any more problems.
13) 25) dialog: But otherwise... well done. YouвЂ™re an animal, Ines.
18) 11) dialog: Can I grab you for a second?
19) 0) text: Gerald and Ines walk across the office buildingвЂ™s broad seating area set in a small, artificially-landscaped gard
19) 1) dialog: Ihave the feeling the team isnвЂ™t so tight anymore. Tim thought the same. Think of something to boost the team spirit... to prevent a gulf opening up between the Romanians and us. TheyвЂ™ve lost their morale, somehow.
19) 3) dialog: Very nice, something personal. Good. Gerald walks away from the building, as if heвЂ™s purpose spot. GERALD (CONTвЂ™D) We'll work with the numbers we have and wonвЂ™t make a fuss about them.
19) 5) dialog: Your idea of building up pressure through Dascalu backfired. He and Illiescu won't be discussing our project.
19) 7) dialog: Dascalu trusts Illiescu and sees no need to act. And Henneberg wants to keep Dascalu out of it so he can negotiate with the unions. Suddenly, Ines notices as her father, or rather Toni, app and walks towards her holding a cup of coffee and a newsp
19) 9) dialog: Everyone agrees with you on that one. The good news is: Henneberg wants you to do the radical cut.
19) 11) dialog: This will annoy the feminist in you. But, to quote Henneberg: вЂњMs. Conradi has enough charm to manage Illiescu by herself.вЂќ
19) 15) dialog: By the way, Henneberg wants to keep you here. He really believes in you.
19) 17) dialog: That I'd talk to you. But that I think you'll finish the project.
19) 19) dialog: I know, of course. But weвЂ™re talking one year max. Then you can start at a whole new level in Shanghai or somewhere else.
19) 21) dialog: ThatвЂ™s not realistic. This is your partner case. Then you can choose where you want to go.
19) 38) dialog: (to Ines) Aworkshop for us?
19) 41) dialog: Pardon?
20) 0) text: Ines walks so speedily to the elevator that Gerald has to
20) 1) dialog: What kind of a freak is that?
25) 53) dialog: TheyвЂ™re putting on quite a show here...
25) 56) dialog: Yeah, yeah. We just had dinner. At that moment, Ines spots Henneberg. Accompanied by Step direction while shaking hands with a few guests. Toni fol moment, he shrinks back to Winfried size.
38) 17) dialog: 
38) 20) dialog: Interesting, OK.
38) 22) dialog: (uncertainly) I know that kind of thing from college. IsnвЂ™t it a bit childish?
38) 67) dialog: Come in?
38) 69) dialog: (to Ines) And now? Totally naked? Or what's this about? Ines nods vaguely. As if carrying out a dare, Gerald puts moment he just stands there, naked. He still doesnвЂ™t no behind him. Suddenly, the Kukeri puts its paw on GeraldвЂ Gerald screams and fends it off. The Kukeri briefly throt GERALD (CONTвЂ™D) Hard-core! Hard-core! He turns around and stares at the monster that attacked h friendly pat on the back, as if thereвЂ™s some coach insi concerned, the whole thing was clearly pre-planned. Anca front of her mouth. GERALD (CONTвЂ™D) ThatвЂ™s awesome... How did you come up with this kind of nonsense? He walks to the Kukeri and gropes at it. The Kukeri playf a moment. GERALD (CONTвЂ™D) He canвЂ™t take a joke. Gerald walks to Anca and holds up his open hand. She does but then gives him a high-five. He does the same thing wi GERALD (CONTвЂ™D) Where did you get it?
38) 71) dialog: Good for the team. (in German) What a load of nonsense. Awesome. Gerald reaches uncertainly for his underpants and hurried Anca also disappears with relief into the bathroom. Geral Kukeri sits down weakly for a moment on the edge of the s giving him a sad appearance. He straightens it with his p GERALD (CONTвЂ™D) OK, now I've earned a bite to eat. Wow, you've really gone to town. The Kukeri cumbersomely stands up and staggers to the doo GERALD (CONTвЂ™D) Now heвЂ™s leaving already... Ines watches him. The door swings closed. Ines looks dist Anca exits the bathroom, fully dressed.