4) 6) dialog: Yes, good evening.
4) 8) dialog: Yes, we're not where we want to be yet, but Romania has really shown great economic strength in overcoming the crisis. Henneberg glances at the other people lining up to speak
4) 10) dialog: Natalja, here is your specialist. I’m sure Ms. Conradi can help you.
4) 12) dialog: She needs to do some shopping tomorrow. (to Natalja) Ms. Conradi works in Bucharest for... how long?
4) 14) text: So I guess you can ask her any shopping question. The two women shake hands. Henneberg turns away to a new, conversational partner - MR. MYERS, an American.
4) 21) dialog: Good evening.
4) 26) dialog: (to Winfried) Are you visiting?
4) 28) dialog: Then you just had a good introduction from the Ambassador. Their conversation comes to an amicable halt.
4) 30) dialog: That’s a modern solution. And is the other daughter better than her?
5) 0) text: The reception guests are slowly leaving. Winfried arrives jackets. Ines is still looking over at the group surround Dascalu, Myers). They’re already making their way towar Winfried also walk towards it. Suddenly, Henneberg is beh Winfried.
5) 2) dialog: We're going for a drink, if you’d like to join us. What was your name again?
5) 6) dialog: I think your father would like you to join him. Henneberg says it so bluntly that it almost sounds like h invitation.
6) 0) text: A classy restaurant where foreign businesspeople meet and class flashes its cash. The group sits on a terrace near group of people surrounds Henneberg: Natalja, Winfried an further businesspeople, M. Vermillard, Mr. Myers and Dasc managers or business partners of Dacoil. Winfried has a l of him. The others are more refined, with glasses of wine
6) 1) dialog: Bring your wife next time... and spend a weekend. The sea is very close and there are good French private schools. Romania is a lot better than its reputation. You can have a good life here. He’s addressing the French businessman, Vermillard, who Bucharest.
6) 11) dialog: There is still a lot of potential. I just told Van Rompuy, letting Romania in was one of the rare EU decisions that was actually good. You just have to change the corporate culture.
6) 13) dialog: She is the specialist. She has all the insights. For a moment, Ines is surprised that he’s deferring to question.
6) 20) dialog: (in German) Interesting how you describe your job. His tone is cutting.
6) 22) dialog: (in English, to the group) She is evaluating a way to improve our maintenance service. We see outsourcing as the last option of many.
13) 0) text: A modern conference room. Henneberg sits next to Gerald, ROMANIAN MANAGERS, all in leather chairs. Ines stands in presentation. The tables on the slides create patterns on keeping an eye on everyone in the room, especially Henneb front of a laptop and loads the next slide for Ines.
13) 9) dialog: This is my experience, too.
13) 14) dialog: Gents, we really need a waterproof and positive business case before we can start anything. What you are proposing, speaking of option one, would be a heavy change for our operations. Option two seems more realistic to me at the moment. That also needs to be verified legally. We all know how difficult this process will be regarding the unions.
13) 16) dialog: We have to think carefully and we need to go into more details. But it is a very interesting proposal.
13) 21) dialog: OK, gents, get this solved. I think we are done. Thanks a lot. Henneberg stands up and swiftly says goodbye. He was itch Gerald and Ines stay behind and Ingrid is also still in t displays the company’s logo with the slogan “Performa
15) 0) text: Ines enters the lakeside restaurant in which she previous Henneberg. Two female FRONT OF HOUSE STAFF ask her for he restaurant's decor is clearly intended to exude an air of or wait at the packed bar for their reservations: Foreign rich Romanians clad in polo shirts and gold chains with t high heels. Ines spots two women who have already snagged (38), the Dutchwoman we met at the embassy reception, and American.
25) 59) dialog: Oh, right.