0) 91) text: SheвЂ™s only advising an oil company. SheвЂ™s still a business consultant.
0) 94) dialog: You guys talking business again? Hello, Dad... They hug awkwardly because of WinfriedвЂ™s face-paint. Wi
0) 96) dialog: Really good, actually.
0) 98) dialog: Sure, please do that. Any time. Just ring my bell...
0) 102) dialog: Yeah, it was nothing.
0) 107) dialog: Mon, leave it. | have a whole suitcase full of things.
0) 109) dialog: ItвЂ™s just a tiny spot. WinfriedвЂ™s blood pressure monitor starts to inflate.
0) 110) dialog: What was that?
0) 112) dialog: What's wrong with you?
0) 114) dialog: And am I supposed to get your outfit?
0) 117) dialog: That doesnвЂ™t explain anything, but whatever.
0) 133) dialog: IвЂ™m still on the phone! Ines thinks Renate was calling to her. Only then does she to her. She reflexively lifts the phone and now that she on acting.
0) 134) text: (into phone) Yeah, good. And what else did he say? OK, thatвЂ™s no bad thing. (quietly, to Winfried) IвЂ™m almost done, Dad. Winfried waits. Ines acts out the phone call so convincin wonders whether there really might be someone on the othe
0) 135) dialog: All the same, I'd like to get back in touch tomorrow. But IвЂ™m glad we talked. Yes, you have anice evening, too. She hangs up.
0) 137) dialog: A bit of stress... Are you leaving already?
0) 139) dialog: IвЂ™m flying at ten already. Did you tell her IвЂ™m here? Winfried shakes his head.
0) 141) dialog: Aha. And what kind of stuff does she do?
0) 145) dialog: ItвЂ™s a shame this was so brief. We'll havea really long Skype soon. Her tone is particularly tender, and it almost sounds lik child.
1) 0) text: Winfried sits in the modern reception area of an office b sunglasses and holding a newspaper. He peers at the entra again, businesspeople enter the lobby and employees leave elevator doors opposite him open, so Winfried lifts up th man in a suit steps out. Winfried lowers his newspaper ag small hole in the paper. He looks at the modern, illumina it, two female RECEPTIONISTS, with their hair styled in t talking about him. One of them walks over to him in her h
1) 3) text: Winfried walks outside, onto the street. New, modern glas dilapidated blocks from the Ceausescu era. Winfried looks around and is about to continue when, sudd woman wearing a business suit stops him.
2) 3) dialog: (in German) Wow, what a long day, right?
2) 5) dialog: Yes.
2) 7) dialog: How long were you actually sitting there?
2) 9) dialog: Yes, I did, but that was the entire Romanian board of Dacoil. How was everything with Anca?
2) 13) dialog: So listen, concerning this event tonight: ItвЂ™s a business reception given by the American Embassy. There'll be speeches, appetizers, small talk and thatвЂ™s it. Ines looks at her cellphone and rejects an incoming call.
2) 15) dialog: Yeah, thatвЂ™s OK.
2) 17) dialog: But IвЂ™ve already arranged this now. Winfried quickly takes his false teeth from his jacket p mouth.
2) 19) dialog: Are you interested now or not? He takes the teeth out again. She looks at the entrance. going inside.
2) 21) dialog: That's a hotel.
2) 23) dialog: Just one last thing: After the reception, if thereвЂ™s achance to have a drink with the CEO, Henneberg, our client, I have to go alone, OK? IвЂ™m fighting right now to get our contract extended.
2) 25) dialog: You can say you're my father, but maybe that you're tired because you've done so much sightseeing, or something.
2) 27) text: Ines and Winfried enter the lobby of a large communist-er around with interest. Ines walks purposefully to the tabl procures two wristbands. Guests hurry up a staircase. Ine speeches have already begun. She glances quickly at her p Winfried walk up a grand, communist-era staircase towards speech is already being held.
3) 0) text: Ines and Winfried slip into the ballroom, which is full o the colors of the U.S. flag. People are clapping, and Ine what was just being said.
4) 0) text: The speech is over, and the guests move towards the buffe eyes a group of businesspeople. Winfried looks at a man h
4) 2) dialog: Yeah, maybe. Could you grab us something from the buffet?
4) 5) dialog: Our third time today, finally... Good evening.
4) 7) dialog: That was a fascinating speech...
4) 9) dialog: I looked at our business case again. And IвЂ™m optimistic that we'll be able to make a well- founded statement on Monday. Without really having listened, Henneberg turns and gestu looking woman (NATALJA) aged around 40.
4) 13) dialog: ItвЂ™s been almost a year now. You keep me busy.
4) 16) dialog: No, itвЂ™s OK.
4) 18) dialog: I donвЂ™t do too much shopping here myself, but there are several big malls. Plus, there is an area with exclusive shops... depends on what you need.
4) 20) dialog: Why donвЂ™t you give me your number, and I'll scout for the best place and text you? The two women begin to swap their numbers. The others say Henneberg, the executive. HeвЂ™s used to having people li turns to Winfried, assuming that heвЂ™s next.
4) 24) dialog: (to Natalja) I have been to Moscow only once, but I really loved it. I was so impressed by the Bolshoi Theater.
4) 32) text: But sheвЂ™s not your daughter, right? Ines freezes. It was obviously a joke. The executive grin then firmly says his goodbyes and turns to someone else. and Ines are left by themselves. Winfried gives Ines her appetizers. Ines says nothing and, for a moment, she seem
4) 33) dialog: HeвЂ™s the CEO I told you about. HeвЂ™s a really important contact for me.
4) 36) dialog: Yes, but text me where...
4) 38) dialog: Just talk about food. That always works.
5) 0) text: The reception guests are slowly leaving. Winfried arrives jackets. Ines is still looking over at the group surround Dascalu, Myers). TheyвЂ™re already making their way towar Winfried also walk towards it. Suddenly, Henneberg is beh Winfried.
5) 5) dialog: (in English) But I'd love to grab a drink. Where are you going? Because itвЂ™s an international group, sheвЂ™s switched i
5) 7) dialog: (to Winfried) Come on, one more drink. The situation becomes uncertain, and the group is waiting
6) 0) text: A classy restaurant where foreign businesspeople meet and class flashes its cash. The group sits on a terrace near group of people surrounds Henneberg: Natalja, Winfried an further businesspeople, M. Vermillard, Mr. Myers and Dasc managers or business partners of Dacoil. Winfried has a l of him. The others are more refined, with glasses of wine
6) 3) dialog: (to Natalja) Where do you live?
6) 5) dialog: How nice...
6) 7) text: (in German) I totally understand. Ines picks up a piece of octopus carpaccio and tries to g refuses.
6) 8) dialog: Try something different for a change.
6) 14) dialog: So, when I started here I was really surprised. Almost everyone did a Master's degree abroad, speaks several languages. They are all very dedicated. I would even say most of them have a very international way of thinking. Which is great. InesвЂ™ English is so perfect that she could be mistaken which she speaks is self-confident and to-the-point. Dasc interrupts her.
6) 16) dialog: I was just trying to say that knowledge is international. | totally agree with that, too.
6) 19) dialog: lama consultant at Morrisons. We are working for Dacoil evaluating if it will pay off to outsource some services. Dascalu frowns briefly, and Henneberg notices this.
6) 21) dialog: (in German) IвЂ™m sorry, please say it in your own words.
6) 23) dialog: IвЂ™m sorry, this is what I tried to say. For a moment, the group falls silent.
6) 24) text: But her father had a great business idea for Romania. He hired another girl at home to be his daughter. Because this one is never there and he needs somebody to cut his toenails. Everyone laughs slightly. Ines, too, bravely laughs along watch. Winfried puts the false teeth in his mouth and qui
7) 0) text: Ines and Winfried now sit alone at the otherwise empty ta Ines remains silent for a while trying to cope with her a
7) 1) dialog: Why do you do stuff like that when IвЂ™ve explicitly asked you not to?
7) 5) dialog: Ijust shouldnвЂ™t have let it slip out... He wants us to prove that itвЂ™s precisely the right thing to do, but he doesnвЂ™t want it to be his idea - so he can pin the responsibility on us if he needs to. She doesnвЂ™t want to talk about it.
7) 7) dialog: Dad, these processes mean hundreds of employees being transferred and later laid off. These kind of decisions are unpopular, so he needs to be able to blame someone else. Then you can read in the paper again that some consulting firm has ruined something.
7) 9) dialog: Again: I donвЂ™t make any decisions. I just do the calculations. You know that.
7) 11) dialog: How long are you planning to stay?
7) 13) dialog: Ijust have a massage tomorrow. After that, IвЂ™ll show you Bucharest.
7) 15) dialog: Thank you... Why didnвЂ™t you wait and come on my actual birthday?
7) 20) dialog: You donвЂ™t have to give me money. Thank you... She doesnвЂ™t open up the roll of bills.
7) 21) dialog: And who did you leave Willi with? WwW
7) 39) text: Winfried waits on a lounger in the chic pool area of a ho and rolled up his jeans. Ines approaches wearing a bathro lounger next to him.
7) 40) dialog: Man, that was bad. I walked out. IвЂ™m not paying 100 euros for someone to pet me. The SPA MANAGER arrives.
7) 42) dialog: A blond, skinny woman.
7) 44) dialog: Just bring someone who beats me up...
7) 46) dialog: At your expense?
7) 48) dialog: Oh, great, we'll have two glasses of champagne, two freshly squeezed orange juices and two club sandwiches. The manager balks at the size of the order, but says noth
7) 50) dialog: No, itвЂ™s fine. My company spends so much money here... ItвЂ™s not as if heвЂ™s paying for it. WwW
7) 70) dialog: Tell me something about you. HowвЂ™s Grandma doing?
7) 72) dialog: Dad, IвЂ™m tired of your jokes.
7) 74) dialog: Because | donвЂ™t find them funny. InesвЂ™ cellphone rings. She looks at the screen and stan calling. She walks away. The WAITER brings the club sandw returns to Winfried.
7) 75) dialog: Shit, I have to meet Natalja, HennebergвЂ™s wife. SheвЂ™s at this mall. IвЂ™m afraid itвЂ™s important. She starts to pack her bag. Winfried takes another bite o
7) 76) dialog: ItвЂ™s actually way more interesting and Romanian than the Ceausescu palace. ItвЂ™s EuropeвЂ™s largest mall and no one has money to buy anything. It won't take long. IвЂ™ll show you around afterwards.
8) 0) text: Winfried sits on a stool at a bar table and looks out fro ice rink. A group of children is trying to skate with the Weaving between them are a couple of young professionals across the ice. A WAITER brings the check. Winfried gulps picks up his tattered newspaper. He stands up. The mall i beyond anything found even in the USA: waterfalls tumblin rink, slot machines and stores. These elements come toget capitalist futurism. Winfried walks past huge ice cream bored woman reads a book.
9) 2) dialog: (in German) You poor thing, you had to wait ages. Ines briefly puts her arm in WinfriedвЂ™s. A man, Natalja next to them.
9) 4) dialog: No, I really enjoyed it. To prove her point, she holds up a shopping bag full of t herself. Natalja kisses Ines on both cheeks and disappear
9) 5) dialog: Man, was it very terrible?
9) 8) dialog: Do you still want to do something? Go to the Ceausescu palace?
9) 14) dialog: What comment?
9) 17) dialog: ItвЂ™s OK... ItвЂ™s obvious you'd think that. IвЂ™m going to take a short nap. I might have to show the Hennebergs a new club later, but not till around midnight. She disappears into her bedroom. INT./EXT. - INESвЂ™ APARTMENT - KITCHEN - ROOF TERRACE - Winfried stands in InesвЂ™ kitchen, cooking. Out on the r thatвЂ™s otherwise never used. He puts the salad and spag INT. - INESвЂ™ APARTMENT - INESвЂ™ BEDROOM - NIGHT Winfried opens the door to InesвЂ™ bedroom. Ines is fast doesnвЂ™t react. He kneels down next to her and touches h sleeping deeply and soundly. He looks at her sparse posse bed is a threadbare little corduroy pillow that he seems door again. INT./EXT. - INESвЂ™ APARTMENT - TERRACE - LIVING ROOM - Winfried stands on the roof terrace. He picks up his came Ceausescu palace, which is visible in the distance. Then InesвЂ™ apartment. He looks at a pile of books and picks best-selling self-help book about charisma. He walks back alone and starts eating and flicking through the book. INT. - INESвЂ™ APARTMENT - INESвЂ™ BEDROOM - DAY The next morning. Winfried en! wakes her. WwW ters InesвЂ™ room wearing pajamas. He cautiously
9) 26) dialog: What? Why didnвЂ™t you wake me up?
9) 28) dialog: I thought you wanted to wake me up for dinner.
9) 30) dialog: Shit! She walks past Winfried and out of the bedroom. INT./EXT. - INESвЂ™ APARTMENT - KITCHEN - ROOF TERRACE - Ines pulls her cellphone from its charger. Winfried follo
9) 31) dialog: Ihave four missed calls from them! You told me you were making something to eat.
9) 33) dialog: Do you know what this could mean for me? I have a presentation on Monday that IвЂ™ve worked on for weeks... IвЂ™m not doing this for fun. I canвЂ™t afford to just stand up someone like him. Ines grabs the charisma book from Winfried and puts it aw at her cellphone. Winfried sits down at the table, which breakfast.
9) 35) dialog: Dad, this is going to sound cruel, but... even if I wanted to jump out of the window, you and the cheese grater wouldnвЂ™t be the combination to stop me.
9) 37) dialog: Do you have any plans in life other than slipping fart cushions under people?
9) 39) dialog: I know men your age who still have ambitions. But who cares? Ines slowly sits down at the table. Winfried pours coffe INT. - INESвЂ™ APARTMENT - GUEST ROOM - DAY Winfried stands in his room, packing his suitcase. Ines c of shampoo he left in the bathroom.
9) 41) dialog: Yeah, and letвЂ™s fix a date next time. Then I'll have time. Ines turns away to fold up the sofa-bed. She shakes it be Suddenly, she screams in pain and pulls the sofa abruptly toe in it. Her pain is extreme. She looks at her toe in s blood forms underneath the toenail. Winfried inspects her
9) 43) dialog: No, I'll wait first... She stands up and suppresses the pain. Whatever happens, leave. INT. - INESвЂ™ APARTMENT - HALLWAY - ELEVATOR - DAY Hobbling, Ines accompanies Winfried to the door, where hi hangs a travel pouch around his neck with his plane ticke elevator вЂњcallвЂќ button.
9) 45) dialog: ItвЂ™s not that bad. Well, then... bye. They hug briefly.
9) 46) dialog: Call me if anythingвЂ™s wrong. Winfried nods. Winfried and Ines stand in silence, waitin The elevator arrives and Winfried disappears into it. INT./EXT. - INESвЂ™ APARTMENT - HALLWAY - ROOF TERRACE - Ines hobbles onto her roof terrace and looks out over the and her father is visible only as a tiny figure. He looks still for a moment, as if heвЂ™s forgotten something. The back. Suddenly, tears start streaming over her cheeks. In watches tearfully as the taxi disappears around a corner. INT. - INESвЂ™ APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - KITCHEN - NIGHT ItвЂ™s now gotten dark. Ines is wearing pajamas and drink concentration of an actress learning lines, she rehearses presentation. Her вЂњperformanceвЂќ stands in stark contr in her pajamas. She tweaks certain words and we notice th intonation. As she murmurs about EU regulations and econo to the refrigerator. She tries to ignore her painful foot spaghetti that her father has carefully covered with plas cheese grater. She takes a piece of parmesan, walks back grate the parmesan onto the spaghetti. She coils the spag around her fork and eats hungrily while she surfs the int EXT. - STREET IN FRONT OF INESвЂ™ APARTMENT - DAY Ines waits in front of her apartment block. SheвЂ™s weari something on her Blackberry. We hear notification sounds takes off her shoe and puts her foot down on the asphalt. street opposite her, trying to sell two bunches of flower and offers her a packet of kleenex. She gives the child a she won't give him something every day. ThereвЂ™s a honk. hobbles towards a dark-colored sedan car and climbs into INT. - INESвЂ™ CAR - JOURNEY FROM APARTMENT TO DACOIL - D InesвЂ™ boss GERALD (late 40s) and TIM (late 20s), an ath consultant, are already in the car. Ines sits next to Ger
9) 47) text: Bucuresti... Tim turns around to Ines and smiles at her.
9) 48) dialog: Good morning. Were you on the same flight?
9) 50) dialog: A bit annoying, because I had to go shopping with his wife for three hours. But we had dinner and I put out my feelers. My impression is that heвЂ™s become more cautious of outsourcing, or that he has new opponents... That topic definitely caused tension.
9) 52) dialog: So I reworked the presentation, and I think we should definitely --
9) 54) dialog: Can I finish what I was saying? Tim bites his tongue.
9) 55) dialog: I think we should go on the offensive. I think heвЂ™s hoping we'll decide for him, that we'll emphatically order it. I think he canвЂ™t be an active proponent. So I'd like to present three options. A full outsourcing in all assets - essentially a radical cut. Then our option in the middle which, in contrast, looks realistic and almost harmless. And a minimal solution in just one pilot asset that changes practically nothing.
9) 57) dialog: Da Vinci.
9) 59) dialog: Argument number two is Iliescu: We have to make the point that heвЂ™s blocking us. At the end of the day, all the figures from Buzau are flawed. For a clear business case, weвЂ™d need much more from Illiescu. Every other table is incomplete. (to Tim) IвЂ™m not criticizing you, but we canвЂ™t make a clear statement anyway, so thatвЂ™s why we need: three options.
9) 63) dialog: Absolutely. The final point is Dascalu. Things are still difficult with him. I think we should involve him more. Also because of Illiescu. He has the best rapport with him. He'll definitely be our opponent.
9) 65) dialog: Yes, she'll be clicking the PowerPoint.
9) 68) dialog: I think itвЂ™s better if I do it alone. LetвЂ™s talk abou that in a minute...
9) 71) dialog: Everything's OK. Ines nods. They walk towards the office building, adjusti for a brief moment of performance. Ines makes an effort t the fact that her foot is still very sore.
10) 0) text: Ines kneels on the floor of a toilet stall. In front of h takes out a syringe and pokes its needle aggressively int pressure released, a fountain of blood shoots through the sprays into her face and onto her light-colored blouse. I moment to overcome her queasiness. She reaches for some b wipes the blood from her face, then grabs her cellphone a
11) 0) text: Ines exits the toilet stall. SheвЂ™s now wearing an unfam and a floral pattern. She pulls her blazer on over it and Anca exits another stall. SheвЂ™s now wearing InesвЂ™ blo
11) 2) dialog: Yes. Thank you.
11) 4) text: No, itвЂ™s just because of the presentation. (in German) ItвЂ™s an unusual color. Ines glances at the blood-stained blouse Anca now wears.
11) 8) dialog: Absolutely, I think youвЂ™ve really improved. I just think you should try to speak more German.
11) 10) dialog: One more minor thing: ItвЂ™s really silly, but I donвЂ™t like those smilies in emails. | know what you mean without them.
11) 13) dialog: 
11) 16) dialog: Thank you. !вЂ™ll think about it. The door opens and FLORA, a young consultant wearing very askirt suit, enters the bathroom. She appears to have run jacket and shows Ines her blouse, which is very girly and
11) 17) dialog: No, this one is better.
12) 0) text: Ines follows INGRID across the tastefully-designed execut building. They disappear into a conference room in which already waiting. She greets them both.
13) 0) text: A modern conference room. Henneberg sits next to Gerald, ROMANIAN MANAGERS, all in leather chairs. Ines stands in presentation. The tables on the slides create patterns on keeping an eye on everyone in the room, especially Henneb front of a laptop and loads the next slide for Ines.
13) 1) dialog: For option one we assume that it will take one year for the implementation. The implementation cost, internal and external, will be around five to six million euros. The advantage of a full outsourcing is the contractor rates. We will have a strong competition resulting in lower rates. ThatвЂ™s why we will end with a ten-per-cent cost reduction in the first year.
13) 4) dialog: Option two will take about ten months with significantly higher contractor rates. Option three takes eight months with even higher contractor rates.
13) 8) dialog: What I also think what we should put into account is that Dacoil didnвЂ™t even realize international HSSR standards in all assets. So we donвЂ™t have a business case yet. But a very strong trend. You all agreed that the implementation of any option will not be done faster than one year, which is also in line with HR. So we know that the main driver is the contractor rates and I know them.
13) 11) text: So as soon as | have realistic figures of the personnel we can guarantee a positive business case for option two and even for option one. Dascalu shakes his head slightly. Dascalu nods.
13) 18) text: Sorry, but I think we cannot promise anything as long as the cooperation with Buzau will not work better. Gerald is briefly taken aback by InesвЂ™ frank interjecti
13) 19) dialog: I would like to sit down with you, Mr. Dascalu, to discuss how we can work more closely together with Mr. Illiescu. Dascalu waits a little too long before answering.
13) 22) dialog: So?
13) 24) dialog: OK, I will.
13) 26) dialog: Thanks.
13) 28) dialog: Yeah, sure.
13) 29) text: Ines walks through a modern, open office. She finds Tim i fumbles with a coffee machine. Ines leans next to him.
13) 30) dialog: Come on, don't be offended. Be happy you weren't there.
13) 32) dialog: To quote Gerald: ItвЂ™s all included in your price.
13) 34) dialog: IвЂ™m meeting Steph de Boer and Tatjana.
13) 36) dialog: Yeah, exactly. We talk about gender quotas, sexual harassment at work, things like that.
14) 0) text: Ines gets out of a taxi and walks through a landscaped ga restaurant. Expensive cars crowd the private parking lot. restaurant appears to be popular. Ines has applied heavie high-heeled shoes.
15) 0) text: Ines enters the lakeside restaurant in which she previous Henneberg. Two female FRONT OF HOUSE STAFF ask her for he restaurant's decor is clearly intended to exude an air of or wait at the packed bar for their reservations: Foreign rich Romanians clad in polo shirts and gold chains with t high heels. Ines spots two women who have already snagged (38), the Dutchwoman we met at the embassy reception, and American.
15) 3) dialog: Thanks you.
15) 5) dialog: I know, but itвЂ™s really busy at the moment. I had a big thing today...
15) 7) dialog: made a last-minute strategy change, but it went OK.
15) 9) dialog: (to Tatjana) вЂ™m hosting a small party for my birthday. Next Saturday. Are you free?
15) 12) dialog: (to Tatjana) How was the night with the Chinese?
15) 16) dialog: Oh, how was Naples?
15) 19) dialog: Actually, your weekend sounds fun to me. I had the most horrible weekend of my entire life. Ines sinks her voice dramatically.
15) 20) dialog: My father visited me spontaneously, without any warning. Out of nowhere, he was there, waiting in my office. Pretending he wanted to bring me my birthday present. But actually he was having acrisis because his dog died. Steph grimaces. Ines nods.
15) 21) dialog: And Henneberg was there and wanted me to go out with him and his wife the whole time.
15) 23) dialog: And my father was sitting around making spaghetti and trying to talk with me about the meaning of life.
15) 26) dialog: Very Russian, very skinny, very blond. Ines looks around to make sure no one can hear her.
15) 35) text: Tatjana... Nice to meet you, Toni. He shakes hands with the women. For the first time, he ma with Ines. Toni takes the chair next to Tatjana. The wait the champagne.
15) 48) dialog: (quietly) Aturtle.
15) 54) dialog: (in German, catching herself mid- sentence and switching from the familiar to the formal вЂњyouвЂќ) Dein... Ihr Beruf (your profession).
15) 61) dialog: (quickly) Oh no, thank you. The waiter points to an available table.
15) 74) dialog: What's disgusting?
15) 76) dialog: A lot of managers have strange gurus.
15) 79) text: (mixing English and German) Ich muss... My limousine waits. (in German) It was very nice to meet you. He looks at Ines as he says it. Steph quickly whips out a with professional nonchalance to Toni.
15) 82) dialog: Excuse me. Ines stands and picks up her handbag as if sheвЂ™s going
16) 0) text: Ines walks to the restaurantвЂ™s busy exit and stands hes white stretch limo is parked in the lot. Toni stands next retreats behind a glass screen and watches as her father restaurant. Then he pats the driver on the shoulder and r limo. She steps out of the restaurant and watches him lea
17) 0) text: Ines walks back to her table. The waiter arrives and brin decorated with lit sparklers. She turns it down, because
17) 3) text: Shit, he didnвЂ™t give me his card. Gabriel just texted. (quoting the message) вЂњTiriac! Cool!вЂќ He wanted to invite him to the party. Suddenly, Ines starts eagerly eating the chocolate cake. INT. - INESвЂ™ APARTMENT - NIGHT Ines cautiously opens her apartment door, as if there mig looks into all of the rooms. She walks around, unsettled. number again, but he doesnвЂ™t pick up. She carefully ope empty.
18) 0) text: ItвЂ™s early morning. Ines has retreated into a glass-wal Skyping with a middle-aged man who seems to be some kind breakfast on the terrace of some lakeside hotel.
18) 1) dialog: The speaking went well. It doesnвЂ™t need any more work. I made good use of the space. I spent time in the room beforehand, too.
18) 3) dialog: I didnвЂ™t need it this time. But I would like to do some more work on my body language. Sometimes I lose control of it... A woman flits across the screen. The coach murmurs to her shortly.
18) 5) dialog: It tends to be when IвЂ™m listening.
18) 7) dialog: Not in terms of the content... But maybe the tone... Dascalu argued very aggressively.
18) 9) dialog: It might have done.
19) 0) text: Gerald and Ines walk across the office buildingвЂ™s broad seating area set in a small, artificially-landscaped gard
19) 2) dialog: Yeah, I thought so, too. That corresponds with my impression. IвЂ™m holding a brunch for my birthday, anyway, so IвЂ™ll invite everyone then.
19) 4) dialog: Why?
19) 6) dialog: OK. Why not?
19) 8) dialog: So on what basis should I continue my work? The transport data is all wrong. Many more people work there. You canвЂ™t cut enough staff here.
19) 10) dialog: But that was totally unfounded. Surely you realized it was all on the verge of speculation. Above all, to sell such a big restructuring, now I really do need precise figures.
19) 12) dialog: IвЂ™m not a feminist, Gerald. Otherwise I wouldnвЂ™t tolerate guys like you.
19) 13) text: I'll take that as a compliment. Ines watches tensely as Toni comes closer. He holds his c wearing the same iridescent jacket.
19) 16) dialog: And what did you say to him?
19) 18) dialog: And our deal?
19) 20) dialog: IвЂ™ve heard that a few times before. I can manage Bucharest just as well from Shanghai.
19) 22) dialog: Can we continue this conversation somewhere else?
19) 24) dialog: Right. In the background, Toni sits down again on the suspicious unnaturally drawn-out farting noise is heard. Dissatisfie something underneath the newspaper.
19) 26) dialog: I'll think about it. Now I'd just like a coffee. Can we maybe go back inside? Ines is about to leave when Toni addresses her.
19) 28) dialog: I work here. We're discussing something. We're about to have a meeting. Ines walks towards the building. Toni walks alongside the
19) 34) dialog: Mr. Erdmann is... a freelance coach. Gerald is still bemused, but it seems to be an explanatio
19) 35) dialog: So I'll be in touch with you again later, about the... workshop.
19) 39) dialog: Yes, itвЂ™s being considered. The idea was floated...
19) 45) dialog: Goodbye.
20) 0) text: Ines walks so speedily to the elevator that Gerald has to
20) 2) dialog: I'll explain when we have more time. The elevator arrives and Gerald steps into it. Ines turns cellphone from her bag, as if itвЂ™s ringing.
20) 3) dialog: I'll be there in a minute.
21) 0) text: Ines runs back and looks out onto the roof terrace. Toni
22) 0) text: Ines runs through a series of corridors, searching. Compa her. She spots Toni, stops him just before he gets into a into a corner. Winfried immediately adopts his Toni pose false teeth.
22) 1) dialog: Listen, are you insane? Are you trying to ruin me or what? Dad, IвЂ™m talking to you. Toni looks down and, for a moment, it seems like he migh a business card from his jacket. He puts on his sunglasse
23) 0) text: Ines walks up the stairs in the Marriott Hotel. SheвЂ™s w has tied her hair up.
25) 0) text: Ines enters the room and puts down her bag. Tim comes ove pays her a silent compliment as he continues listening to
25) 2) dialog: Oh, so the maid hasnвЂ™t come yet?
25) 4) dialog: Wow...
25) 6) dialog: So what?
25) 8) dialog: Aha.
25) 10) dialog: I'll just watch you first... IвЂ™ll try to catch up.
25) 11) text: Hurry up, then. Tim unfastens his pants and tries to undress Ines. She fl takes a gulp of her white wine.
25) 12) dialog: I donвЂ™t want to lose my bite.
25) 14) dialog: No, my bite is really more important to me. I'd rather just watch you. Tim takes her foot and massages his crotch with it. Ines breasts, kisses her and tries to ignore the fact that she
25) 15) dialog: I want you to try to hit one of the petit fours. Ill eat it afterwards. Ines canвЂ™t help but laugh. Tim is irritated, but too ar her again and kisses her, but she remains resolute and wo
25) 17) text: (into phone) Hello Steph, itвЂ™s Ines. Sorry to disturb you, but IвЂ™ve got the number of the Tiriac coach. Yeah, I met him again. ItвЂ™s up to you... but why not? Yes! I am already getting dressed. I will text you. See you later. Tim returns. He sits down on the hotel bed with his lapto through Facebook. Ines flops down next to him.
25) 19) dialog: Men can really have a lot of fun.
25) 21) dialog: Yeah, but I donвЂ™t have a wife waiting for me somewhere... buying these salads, getting my kids dressed and taking our dog to the vet. Tim takes a closer look at the photo and spots the dog. O
25) 22) dialog: He just has this house somewhere and he can always go there. Look closely... Have you ever seen him looking like that here?
25) 24) dialog: LetвЂ™s get going...
25) 25) text: The outdoor area of a nightclub. A pool is illuminated wi surrounded by curved seating areas, fake palm trees and p The reception is already busy. Aperitifs are being served headhunting company seems to be throwing money around. In Tatjana and a couple of people we donвЂ™t yet know. In th being photographed with their guests in front of a curved around. Suddenly she spots her father or, rather, Toni. H and also looks around. When he spies Ines, he raises his a bar table, he takes a bowl of nuts and empties it into herself together and approaches him.
25) 26) dialog: Hello, Mr. Erdmann.
25) 29) dialog: Is Tiriac still coming?
25) 31) dialog: His turtle.
25) 34) dialog: I wanted to give you a bigger audience... Tim strolls over to them with a drink for Ines. He clearl from her current conversation.
25) 35) text: (to Ines) LetвЂ™s do it this way: If you say вЂњRockyвЂќ, IвЂ™ll hi him. Toni shakes hands with Tim.
25) 48) dialog: Sadly, I donвЂ™t have the time.
25) 50) dialog: (to Tim) Mr. Erdmann is a freelance coach. We met through his work with Henneberg.
25) 55) dialog: Is Henneberg still here?
25) 65) dialog: (in German) IвЂ™m not sure. I'll come later. (in English) I will join you in a minute... Ines walks over to Toni, whoвЂ™s still holding the womenв encouragingly at some remaining salad.
25) 67) dialog: (in German) Mr. Erdmann, we're going to the club and would love you to join us.
25) 70) dialog: (bemused, in German) In which embassy you work.
25) 77) dialog: You just told them you'll call them about the eggs.
26) 0) text: Toni and Ines leave the poolside area and walk down a set parking lot surrounded by nature. Toni follows a little b around, looking for something, and Toni follows her witho going. They approach an SUV which is parked at the edge o and Tim are already waiting there.
27) 1) text: (quietly, to Ines) What are you doing with that guy?
27) 2) dialog: I think itвЂ™s fun. Toni sits down on the back seat of the car, in the open d questions Ines. Ines nods, and Tatjana starts preparing c snorts a line then hands the map to Tim. After Tim has sn turn, but she first offers it to Toni. He declines.
27) 4) dialog: (to Tim) I told him youвЂ™re looking for a coach.
29) 1) dialog: Everything OK? Toni shrugs and tries to seem unfazed. Gerald arrives at receptionist and another woman. He makes a вЂњpartyвЂќ ge reciprocates. Her movements are self-conscious. Toni obse SheвЂ™s like a stranger to him. Tim films Ines. She shift вЂњvictoryвЂќ sign. Toni copies her. Ines laughs into the amusing animal. Everyone starts dancing. Ines looks at To showing her father something thatвЂ™s new to him. Toni st he seems young and agile. He copies the othersвЂ™ movemen in the midst of the overall excess.
30) 0) text: The VIP lounge has now filled up. Tatjana, Tim and Ines a champagne bucket. The dancers on the stage make acrobatic has become more lavish. A WAITER arrives with a fresh bot
30) 5) dialog: (to Tim) IвЂ™m going. I have to go to Buzau tomorrow.
31) 0) text: Toni runs hurriedly out of the club. Outside, several tax are still coming and going. Toni spots Ines just as sheвЂ holds the door open for her. She sways as she gets in. To taxi pulls away. He, too, hurriedly looks for a taxi. He from his wallet and gives it to the driver.
34) 0) text: Winfried stops by a bakery which sells its wares through the line and points at a couple of soft pretzels. Then he eats. Once again, he takes his phone from his pocket and elderly woman passes by and begs at him. Winfried quickly EXT. - STREET IN FRONT OF INESвЂ™ APARTMENT - DAY Winfried turns onto InesвЂ™ street. INT. - INESвЂ™ APARTMENT BLOCK - STAIRWELL - DAY Winfried, now half-Toni, stands with a bag from the baker stairwell in front of InesвЂ™ door. He hesitantly rings t rings again and listens. He pulls InesвЂ™ apartment key f door. INT. - INESвЂ™ APARTMENT - DAY ItвЂ™s quiet in the apartment. He peers into InesвЂ™ bedr Suddenly, he hears a noise from the bathroom. He opens th closet in the hallway and wedges himself in, still holdin Ines exits the bathroom. SheвЂ™s wearing her work clothes closet, notices that the door is slightly ajar and tries way. She opens the closet and screams in mortal terror as inside. Toni peels himself out of the closet. He is weari
34) 3) dialog: Open them up, please. I have an appointment. IвЂ™m about to be picked up.
34) 6) dialog: Open them up right now.
34) 8) dialog: Bogdan, my father made a stupid joke. We have to solve this problem. Bogdan looks at the handcuffs and then nods. Ines gets i
35) 0) text: Ines and Toni follow Bogdan through the darkened halls of looks around, but Ines forces him to hurry up. At a stand young ROMANIAN wearing a hoodie comes to their aid. Discr confident movements, he separates the handcuffs. Toni scr laughs. Bogdan gives him some money. INT. - INESвЂ™ CAR - FREEWAY - DAY Using tape from the first-aid kit, Ines sticks the handcu under her blazer. Toni looks out of the window. The car h landscape is flat and empty. In the distance, an industri under hoardings advertising German companies. Ines closes INT. - INESвЂ™ CAR - RURAL AREA - DAY The landscape has changed. Ines is asleep. ItвЂ™s a poor, a bridge and overtake a horse-drawn cart. Toni looks at i onto an unpaved road. Bogdan turns around towards the bac
35) 2) dialog: Come with me. Take that off... Toni puts the toupee in his bag and follows her. INT. - OILFIELD - LOBBY - ILLIESCUвЂ™S OFFICE - DAY Ines and Toni enter an office lobby. Ines greets a SECRET
35) 3) dialog: Good morning. Conradi from Morrisons...
35) 5) dialog: Mr. Iliescu, Mr. Erdmann. The two men shake hands.
35) 6) dialog: lam sorry for not getting in touch with you earlier. Mr. Erdmann just joined NWG and as he is on a visit together with Mr. Henneberg he wanted to get a personal impression of our project... Ines looks at Toni, who has no choice but to nod. The sec of cola down on the table. In his short-sleeved shirt, Il union type. As an adversary, heвЂ™s difficult to read: He worlds.
35) 9) dialog: He just wants to listen... get a feeling for how we work together on this project... Ines takes some out some papers and lays them in front of
35) 10) dialog: So, first of all, | am looking forward that the project is going to continue...
35) 12) dialog: And that we will work together much closer than we have so far.
35) 14) dialog: As you know, I presented your figures in our last steering committee. Unfortunately, a lot of questions came up about some of the data you provided. She looks at Toni, seeking his agreement. He nods.
35) 15) dialog: I defended your work since I know that the things we ask you to deliver are complicated, considering the fact that you are a very busy man.
35) 17) dialog: It doesnвЂ™t matter. | wanted to talk to you personally. ItвЂ™s a complicated business case. Because of that we have to decide if you have the capacity to work closer with us. Or, if you prefer, we can send some of our consultants to work here in your office.
35) 19) dialog: I'd also prefer to try it this way, Mr. Erdmann. Mr. Illiescu and I have known each other for some time now, and | think we will find a very good solution. SheвЂ™s acting as if it's Toni whoвЂ™s been piling on the defending their collaboration with Illiescu. For a moment
35) 22) dialog: We particularly need the monthly personnel costs in logistics by the end of next week. Plus, we should think about doing a new future manpower plan.
35) 24) dialog: Thank you so much.
35) 26) dialog: Maybe Mr. Erdmann could get a personal impression of the production... INT. - ILLIESCUвЂ™S CAR - VILLAGE STREET NEAR OILFIELD - Toni sits next to Illiescu in his spacious company SUV. T village, turns onto an unpaved road and slowly struggles becomes more barren. There are houses, a graveyard and an Behind them, oil pumps appear. The oilfield extends right INT. - ILLIESCUвЂ™S CAR - ROAD TO OILFIELD BOREHOLE - DAY The car drives slowly across the rough terrain. Goats wal pumps. Toni looks out of the window.
35) 42) dialog: ThatвЂ™s up to him. The more he fires, the fewer I have to fire. (BEAT)
35) 48) text: Toni stands still next to the car. He is visibly exhauste arickety garden fence. He glances at Ines and Illiescu wh borehole, some distance away. He walks through a broken g to pee. This part of the property is overgrown. A sudden chirp. Just as ToniвЂ™s about to unfasten his pants, he h An ELDERLY MAN walks towards him and greets him in Romani arms apologetically. A TEENAGE BOY appears. The man gestu and pee. Winfried refuses.
37) 0) text: Toni walks back through the garden to the fence, where th the boy, Iliescu and Ines.
37) 10) text: Nu va pierdeti umorul... (DonвЂ™t lose your sense of humor.) (in English) I translated. When itвЂ™s repeated, the sentence suddenly just sounds e fatherвЂ™s philanthropy. The old man laughs, briefly reve They walk back to the car. ILLIESCU (CONTвЂ™D) We give him some money every month but he still complains. He wants a pump on his land. He doesnвЂ™t understand that we donвЂ™t need his ground. This area is mostly empty. Illiescu shrugs, not without regret. INT. - INESвЂ™ CAR - RURAL AREA - ROAD TO FREEWAY - DAY Toni and Ines sit in the back seat of her car. They drive died out.
37) 11) dialog: Don't lose your sense of humor. I couldnвЂ™t believe you told them not to lose their sense of humor. ThatвЂ™s really cruel.
37) 13) dialog: He could really have used your teeth. Ines opens the center console and takes out a beer. The c freeway to Bucharest and accelerates.
37) 14) dialog: How can we modernize that whole place if you pee your pants when only one of them is fired? (BEAT)
37) 15) text: With every step you take, I can tell you how direct your economic connection is to these people. Your pseudo-green attitude won't help you there at all. Ines takes a gulp of beer. Toni looks silently out of th
37) 21) dialog: What is this place? Toni presses the buzzer. Bogdan joins them and gives Toni he'd left behind. A voice emanates from the intercom.
37) 24) dialog: LetвЂ™s stop this now, Dad. Nonetheless, she gets into the elevator. The doors close They travel upwards. Exhausted, Toni and Ines look at the INT. - FLAVIAвЂ™S APARTMENT BLOCK - LANDING - APARTMENT - The door to an apartment stands ajar. Noises drift out fr around the door and shortly afterwards DORINA, a pretty, red hair and a dramatic outfit, appears.
37) 28) dialog: Please, letвЂ™s go... Flavia, the woman whose plate Toni held at the party, app corridor and walks towards them. Toni gives Ines the bag
37) 37) dialog: He had this vision of how he would paint an Easter egg.
37) 43) dialog: Just a water.
37) 56) dialog: (in German) The first step is to paint the egg with a wax pattern. Then itвЂ™s dipped into a dye bath and colored. The bit under the wax remains white. Flavia comes back carrying two aprons.
37) 65) dialog: (in German) Now you use it to paint something on the egg. Toni paints a crooked, dripping line of wax onto the egg. cups of coffee and pieces of cake. Toni hands the egg to
37) 73) dialog: (to Ana) Iam sorry. I really have to leave now. It was very interesting. She walks over to Toni and Flavia.
37) 74) dialog: (in German) IвЂ™m going now. (to Flavia) Ihave to go... 1 am so sorry.
37) 79) dialog: I believe the children are our future Teach them well and let them lead the way Show them all the beauty they possess inside Ines deliberately starts warbling in a slightly exaggerat
37) 80) dialog: Give them a sense of pride to make it easier Let the childrenвЂ™s laughter remind us how we used to be The guests, however, remain serious, and the song becomes InesвЂ™ performance to stay ironic. She has to focus on s remembering the lyrics. SheвЂ™s too ambitious to let hers her anger towards Toni, and she wants to show him she can
37) 81) dialog: EverybodyвЂ™s searching for a hero People need someone to look up to I never found anyone who fulfilled my needs A lonely place to be And so I learned to depend on me Ines glances at her father. HeвЂ™s trying to accompany he louder.
37) 82) dialog: I decided long ago never to walk in anyoneвЂ™s shadow If | fail, if | succeed At least I lived as I believed No matter what they take from me They canвЂ™t take away my dignity Because the greatest love of all Is happening to me I found the greatest love of all Inside of me A couple of family members start to shout encouragement. good that something unplanned is happening.
37) 83) dialog: The greatest love of all Is easy to achieve Learning to love yourself It is the greatest love of all She wants to bring the song to a close, but Toni keeps pl sings even more intensively than before.
37) 84) dialog: I believe the children are our future Teach them well and let them lead the way Show them all the beauty they possess inside Give them a sense of pride to make it easier Let the childrenвЂ™s laughter remind us how we used to be The lyrics repeat at a more difficult pitch and the tempo
37) 85) dialog: I decided long ago never to walk in anyoneвЂ™s shadow If | fail, if | succeed At least I lived as I believed No matter what they take from me They canвЂ™t take away my dignity Because the greatest love of all Is happening to me I found the greatest love of all Inside of me She struggles with the difficult song, but rage carries h now fallen silent.
37) 86) dialog: The greatest love of all Is easy to achieve Learning to love yourself Is the greatest love of all And if by chance that special place That you have been dreaming of Leads you to a lonely place Find your strength in love The song is over. Ines flees the room. The family of stra follows her. INT. - FLAVIAвЂ™S APARTMENT BLOCK - STAIRWELL - LANDING - Ines has already descended the stairs. For a moment, Toni her, but misses his chance. Exhausted, he sits down on th false teeth. HeвЂ™s surrounded by several houseplants. Th into the hallway. He reaches into his grocery bag and pul taken any pills for days. He puts the box away again. A m eye. ItвЂ™s a large, black, furry head with a colorful ba FRIENDS to her door and sees Toni sitting alone in the ha
37) 96) dialog: Thank you so much. It looks incredibly good.
38) 0) text: Ines takes a pair of shoes from the closet in the hall an hitch up her tight dress before she can reach the shoes. fasten. She walks back into the bedroom and looks at some laid out on the bed. She tries to take off the dress, but the zipper. She pulls the dress upwards, but that only wo doorbell rings. Ines struggles to take off the dress. She and gradually fights her way out - it envelops her like a rings again. She walks into the hallway, hesitates briefl the door. SheвЂ™s naked apart from a pair of flesh-colore outside and looks at her with bemusement. Ines straighten own courage.
38) 2) dialog: No, no, come in. Steph gives Ines a gift, which she distractedly takes.
38) 3) dialog: Thank you. Steph walks into the living room. SheвЂ™s surprised by In ignore it. Instead, she comments on the buffet.
38) 5) dialog: Yes, I was very happy with DariuвЂ™s. They were really nice. I mean, itвЂ™s a super small event.
38) 7) dialog: (in German) Do you want... (switching to English) Ah, do you want to drink? What do you want to drink? CrГ©mant or a Sancerre?
38) 10) dialog: Basically my team from the office.
38) 13) dialog: No, thank you... She looks out of the window. She waits a little too long doorbell rings again.
38) 15) text: No, itвЂ™s OK. Ines takes off her underpants and walks to the door. Real to open it, Steph quickly retreats into the living room. amoment for him to realize, with shock, that Ines is nake holding a bottle of champagne.
38) 16) dialog: NothingвЂ™s wrong, Gerald. I just have nothing on.
38) 19) dialog: ItвЂ™s a...a naked party. Ines stands up straight. SheвЂ™s struggling to stick by h nervously and tries to catch a glimpse into the apartment
38) 21) dialog: ItвЂ™s part of the team building. Stupid idea, but I couldnвЂ™t think of anything better off the top of my head.
38) 23) dialog: You donвЂ™t have to join in. Ring the bell if you change your mind. Ines reaches into the apartment and hands Gerald a paper she closes the door and turns to Steph, whoвЂ™s appeared Ines walks back into the living room and gives Steph a qu to hide the fact that sheвЂ™s not totally convinced, but assertion.
38) 24) dialog: What are we going to do with you now?
38) 30) dialog: No, itвЂ™s a naked party.
38) 33) dialog: Gerald had the idea. He knows this kind of thing from college. To strengthen the team spirit...
38) 35) dialog: IвЂ™m being serious.
38) 37) dialog: No-one.
38) 39) dialog: Hello... She quickly slips into the apartment.
38) 42) dialog: No, no.
38) 45) dialog: Yes. Anca relaxes a little, but finds it strange that thereвЂ™ blouse and a gift from her bag.
38) 47) dialog: Oh, thanks. ThatвЂ™s no problem at all.
38) 50) dialog: Thank you. For a moment, Ines is moved by the gift.
38) 52) dialog: Yes.
38) 55) dialog: Yes.
38) 57) dialog: Why?
38) 59) dialog: Oh, I didnвЂ™t know. The doorbell rings. Anca straightens up nervously. Ines has to hold a naked party. She walks to the door.
38) 62) dialog: I donвЂ™t know.
38) 64) dialog: I donвЂ™t know. Honest. Anca doesnвЂ™t really believe Ines, because it could be a building exercise.
38) 65) dialog: (in German) Are you Gerald? The Kukeri shakes his head uncertainly - as if he, too, i also uncertain. The KukeriвЂ™s dark fur creates a siniste striking. Nothing about it suggests that thereвЂ™s a pers handbag to cover herself a little. The doorbell rings aga column. Ines has no choice but to walk to the door again outside wearing an earnest expression. HeвЂ™s clutching h still wearing his socks and shoes.
38) 66) text: Had a beer first. He looks questioningly at Ines.
38) 68) dialog: Ah, yes. Gerald takes baby steps into the living room. He greets A GeraldвЂ™s nakedness is far more difficult to deal with t hiding his genitals with his clothes. The Kukeri has retr behind Gerald and stands there, motionless. Gerald doesnв Ines, awaiting further instructions.
38) 72) dialog: Yeah, and... this is salmon with lemon remoulade. Just serve yourselves. Guys, I have to pay that guy quickly. Ines grabs a bathrobe, walks out of the apartment into th runs down the stairs. Her colleagues, CORNELIU and DARIU, excuses herself and points them towards her apartment. EXT. - STREET BY INESвЂ™ APARTMENT - NEAR UNIRII SQUARE - Ines sees the Kukeri turn a corner and runs after him. Sh wearing the full costume, he simply walks on. A couple of to look at him. Others pay him no heed. The sun hangs low warm light. Ines follows the Kukeri in her bathrobe, expe head.
39) 0) text: The Kukeri crosses a large town square. Huge, illuminated appear: We're in the middle of the city. The Kukeri stops makes as if to remove the head, but then doesnвЂ™t. Ines continues to follow him without him seeing her. Exhausted down ona bench. Two TEENAGERS take a photo of him. A YOUN him and strokes his fur. He briefly puts a paw on her hea attention is too much for him. He walks away through a fe of the park. Ines watches as he moves further away. She c Suddenly, she starts running.
39) 1) dialog: Dad! The Kukeri turns around. Ines sinks into his wiry fur and Kukeri returns the embrace and Ines holds onto him as if again. The Kukeri holds her just as tightly, his head res After a while, he lets go of her. They look at each other holds out his arms. Ines screams in shock. The Kukeri cha then doubles back on himself. For a moment, he appears wi wafts in the breeze. Then he tiredly raises his hand. Ine towards her apartment. The Kukeri watches her. Her bathro briefly flashes her bare behind before she disappears. As Kukeri staggers behind a bush. He grabs at his head, but lurch and slowly falls to his knees. Again, he grabs at h and breathes heavily. He really doesnвЂ™t seem able to re while, he stays lying there. Then, seemingly using up his sits up.
41) 7) dialog: Yes.
41) 9) dialog: How are you?
41) 13) dialog: Oh.
42) 0) text: A chapel is laid out with chairs. ItвЂ™s modern and quite Irma is explaining the order of service to the singer. Wi down. He shakes hands with the singer and gestures at her alone for a moment. Ines walks to the coffin in which her now decorating something at the other end of the room - s them, but she is. For a moment, Winfried stays in the bac next to Ines and looks at his mother. She looks much smal
42) 1) dialog: IвЂ™m sorry I didnвЂ™t see her again.
43) 0) text: Ines sits in the chapel in the front row, next to her mot WinfriedвЂ™s sister Irma and a man, Walter, who appears t young, enthusiastic PASTOR brings his speech to a close. father. The SINGER and her ACCOMPANIST, step forward. The adapted, highly theatrical version of вЂњTime to Say Good Andrea Bocelli. Next to Winfried, Irma starts to sob. Win It's hard to say what he feels. INT. - ANNEGRETвЂ™S HOUSE - KITCHEN/LIVING ROOM/TERRACE - Ines walks through her grandmotherвЂ™s house. She peers i some of her relatives are washing up the cake plates.
43) 1) dialog: Can I help you with anything?
43) 4) text: Yes, IвЂ™ll think about it. Ines walks outside and joins Winfried and Walter.
43) 6) dialog: Bucharest, but I just finished there. Now IвЂ™m going to Singapore for two years. She looks at Winfried. ItвЂ™s news to him.
43) 8) dialog: You've probably heard of the new one, McKinsey. I used to be with Morrisons. Irma appears at the terrace door.