41) 0) text: Winfried stands in front of an old building. Through the nondescript German street is visible. It’s a clear, som summer. Winfried is wearing a dark suit and his beard has aman around the same age as Winfried, waits with his WIFE straightens his necktie. IRMA, a woman also around Winfri background to two FUNERAL PARLOR EMPLOYEES.
41) 2) dialog: Could we use your parking lot afterwards to load up?
41) 4) dialog: Thanks. Roberto, could you take my bag for a minute? She gives her handbag to ROBERTO, a man of Mediterranean towards a dolled-up WOMAN who’s approaching her.
41) 5) dialog: Winfried, this is the singer. Winfried nods at the singer and takes a few steps in the entrance, we see a taxi pull up. Winfried watches as Ines open the trunk and take out a floral arrangement. Winfrie Ines approaches her father. They embrace as closely as th
42) 0) text: A chapel is laid out with chairs. It’s modern and quite Irma is explaining the order of service to the singer. Wi down. He shakes hands with the singer and gestures at her alone for a moment. Ines walks to the coffin in which her now decorating something at the other end of the room - s them, but she is. For a moment, Winfried stays in the bac next to Ines and looks at his mother. She looks much smal
42) 4) dialog: You can close the coffin now. The employees walk to the coffin lid to close it.
43) 0) text: Ines sits in the chapel in the front row, next to her mot Winfried’s sister Irma and a man, Walter, who appears t young, enthusiastic PASTOR brings his speech to a close. father. The SINGER and her ACCOMPANIST, step forward. The adapted, highly theatrical version of “Time to Say Good Andrea Bocelli. Next to Winfried, Irma starts to sob. Win It's hard to say what he feels. INT. - ANNEGRET’S HOUSE - KITCHEN/LIVING ROOM/TERRACE - Ines walks through her grandmother’s house. She peers i some of her relatives are washing up the cake plates.
43) 3) dialog: (to Ines) If there’s anything you're attached to, let us know. Benjamin’s making a list.
43) 9) dialog: Winfried, can you come here? Winfried walks to the door and glances into the living ro