4) 35) dialog: I’m freaking out with these Chinese wannabe investors. Are you coming on Monday?
4) 37) dialog: Da Vinci, 9 p.m. (quietly) I don’t know what to talk about.
4) 39) dialog: Like “What’s your favorite Wan-Tan?” I know nothing about Chinese food.
15) 2) dialog: You look great...
15) 6) dialog: Wow. How did it go?
15) 10) dialog: How nice...
15) 14) dialog: (to Steph) After 30 minutes they were drunk and I sat there for five hours, listening to Mandarin. But I sold one flat, at least.
15) 18) dialog: They should bring us a drink.
15) 24) dialog: That’s why I like Mondays. Steph, too, has lost interest in Ines’ story.
15) 29) dialog: Do we want champagne? Tatjana looks at Steph and Ines.
15) 31) dialog: Sure, why not...? Toni beckons to the BARTENDER and asks for three glasses. diagonally behind him, has stopped breathing. He’s wear suit jacket with a striped pocket square - it used to be at his watch and shakes his head. The teeth give him an o There’s clearly something not entirely genuine about hi somehow works.
15) 33) dialog: lon Tiriac?
15) 35) text: Tatjana... Nice to meet you, Toni. He shakes hands with the women. For the first time, he ma with Ines. Toni takes the chair next to Tatjana. The wait the champagne.
15) 36) dialog: Do you work here in Bucharest, Toni?
15) 43) dialog: So you are just friends with Tiriac?
15) 45) dialog: Interesting. Toni looks at his cellphone. Stuck to the back of it is a phone number.
15) 50) dialog: Iam sorry to hear that.
15) 56) dialog: What's your focus? If you say you’re into coaching?
15) 64) dialog: So nice meeting you... Toni. They walk to their table. As soon as they’re out of ear rolling their eyes. TATJANA (CONT’D) What was that?
15) 66) dialog: And the thing with the turtle. Ines shrugs.
15) 68) dialog: (to Steph) So who is coming to your relaunch?
15) 70) dialog: That's nice.
15) 72) dialog: So you rented the whole Players Club? Steph nods. She, too, looks at Toni, who is now trying to lobster leg through his teeth.
15) 78) dialog: You never know... Steph starts typing something on her cellphone. Part of h Toni really might be someone important. Ines watches as a wearing a suit and a bowtie approaches Toni’s table. To invites him to sit down, but the man wants to leave. Toni for another moment, then gestures at the waiter to bring Tatjana’s starters arrive. Toni stands up and raps his (a departing gesture in Germany).
15) 81) dialog: You are really a pro...
17) 2) dialog: It seems like you have an admirer, Ines. Even though she’s being ironic, Tatjana still seems to intended for Ines. Steph receives an SMS.
25) 25) text: The outdoor area of a nightclub. A pool is illuminated wi surrounded by curved seating areas, fake palm trees and p The reception is already busy. Aperitifs are being served headhunting company seems to be throwing money around. In Tatjana and a couple of people we don’t yet know. In th being photographed with their guests in front of a curved around. Suddenly she spots her father or, rather, Toni. H and also looks around. When he spies Ines, he raises his a bar table, he takes a bowl of nuts and empties it into herself together and approaches him.
25) 63) dialog: Car party?
27) 0) text: The distant boom of a bass line competes with the chirpin like a UFO landed in a wasteland. Where the parking lot e begins. Tatjana has opened the doors to her dark-colored seats and, for a moment, a question hangs in the air: Wha
29) 0) text: The club that now reveals itself is several times larger an aggressive lightshow, dancers, kitschy decor: It’s t Eastern Europe. They're led to a plush seating area next other guests from the reception are already sitting in th bottle of vodka from an ice bucket and starts pouring. Th Marley's “No Woman, No Cry” booms from the loudspeake more dramatic and the room goes pitch dark apart from a f shoot aggressively through the darkness. Tatjana shrieks through her fingers. They seem to know what's about to ha of an oversized cake, carrying a larger-than-life lollipo followed by a line of dancers whose legs appear even long pulls out his iPhone and starts filming. The dwarf whips the new girls start dancing. The old dancers disappear i vodka for Toni as if she’s challenging him.
30) 0) text: The VIP lounge has now filled up. Tatjana, Tim and Ines a champagne bucket. The dancers on the stage make acrobatic has become more lavish. A WAITER arrives with a fresh bot
30) 2) dialog: It’s unfair. Only women and a Lilliputian. Tim briefly fends her off, then starts to enjoy showing o starts. Toni sits down on one of the sofas and wipes swea his handkerchief. He watches his daughter. He doesn’t r grabbed the champagne bottle and is holding it between hi from glass to glass. He comes to Toni, who lets him “pe as Toni re-inserts his false teeth and stands up. Toni pu starts to “help” Tim by grating cheese into the champ away. Ines topples, swaying, onto one of the plush sofas. how drunk she is: The effect of the cocaine has worn off. Ines, who suddenly seems very distant. Toni grates a litt approaches and dances around with the bottle at her mouth handbag and takes out two pills. Tim wants her to open he the pills with champagne. She pushes the neck of the bott down so well that Tim carries on. He starts to mime an or