9) 47) text: Bucuresti... Tim turns around to Ines and smiles at her.
9) 53) dialog: Use a softer touch? Tim is keen to join in and score points with Gerald. Ines
9) 60) dialog: 
9) 67) dialog: Do you want me to be there?
9) 69) dialog: 
13) 29) text: Ines walks through a modern, open office. She finds Tim i fumbles with a coffee machine. Ines leans next to him.
13) 31) dialog: IвЂ™m not offended.
13) 33) dialog: Yes, but GeraldвЂ™s prices are different to mine. What are you doing tonight?
13) 35) dialog: WomenвЂ™s group?
15) 35) text: Tatjana... Nice to meet you, Toni. He shakes hands with the women. For the first time, he ma with Ines. Toni takes the chair next to Tatjana. The wait the champagne.
19) 23) text: The alternative would be to hand over to Tim.
25) 0) text: Ines enters the room and puts down her bag. Tim comes ove pays her a silent compliment as he continues listening to
25) 1) dialog: But a two-masted boat is a lot of work. IвЂ™m not doing that with a five-man crew. You can forget Daniel. He has to mix the cocktails. Yeah, send some pics. He finishes the conversation, puts his phone on silent an has flopped down on a couch in the spacious hotel room. TIM (CONTвЂ™D) ThisвЂ™ll be such a stupid sailing trip. Ludwig now wants to take a two-masted boat. He takes off one of InesвЂ™ high-heeled shoes and starts brief moment, he guides her foot between his legs.
25) 3) dialog: No. Only Timidri... Romanian lover for you. Ines laughs. He kisses her and, if he had his way, heвЂ™d then. ThereвЂ™s a knock at the door and a quiet voice say the door and opens it. A hotel employee carries in a cake wine. Tim puts the cake stand on the floor next to Ines a
25) 5) dialog: Gerald found out about us, by the way.
25) 7) dialog: He told me not to fuck you too much so you donвЂ™t lose your bite.
25) 9) dialog: I told him thatвЂ™s why I fuck you. And today IвЂ™m going to sleep with you in every corner of this room. Tim comes over to Ines and tries to undress her. They kis the mood. TIM (CONTвЂ™D) What's wrong?
25) 11) text: Hurry up, then. Tim unfastens his pants and tries to undress Ines. She fl takes a gulp of her white wine.
25) 13) dialog: Come on, don't be so serious. I'll fuck you real strong. My sperm has superpowers. Ines canвЂ™t help but smile at his nonsense.
25) 16) dialog: You're being serious? Yeah, OK. Tim starts pleasuring himself. TIM (CONTвЂ™D) And which one, exactly? OK, IвЂ™m going to come now. Tim drops to his knees in front of her, really does ejacu then falls onto his back. TIM (CONTвЂ™D) You're stupid. Ines takes one of the dripping petit fours and bites into and pulls up his pants. He stands up and disappears into there, musing. She digs in her handbag for her cellphone
25) 17) text: (into phone) Hello Steph, itвЂ™s Ines. Sorry to disturb you, but IвЂ™ve got the number of the Tiriac coach. Yeah, I met him again. ItвЂ™s up to you... but why not? Yes! I am already getting dressed. I will text you. See you later. Tim returns. He sits down on the hotel bed with his lapto through Facebook. Ines flops down next to him.
25) 18) dialog: Take a look at GeraldвЂ™s lady. What a mama. No wonder heвЂ™s fucking his way around this place. How can he be stupid enough to post photos of himself barbecuing? Tim clicks on a photo of Gerald, his wife and their two c barbecue in front of a modern house with the table set, a strewn across the garden.
25) 20) dialog: How come? You fuck around, too.
25) 23) dialog: I think he looks frustrated. GeraldвЂ™s facial features are like the Mona LisaвЂ™s. It serious or is smiling.
25) 35) text: (to Ines) LetвЂ™s do it this way: If you say вЂњRockyвЂќ, IвЂ™ll hi him. Toni shakes hands with Tim.
25) 37) dialog: Everything OK? Tim laughs and Toni pats him on the shoulder.
25) 40) dialog: We have a car dealership. BMWs.
25) 42) dialog: Ah, yes.
25) 45) dialog: Is it a special cheese grater? Tim, who is practiced in smalltalk, is trying to take his seriously.
25) 51) dialog: 
25) 54) dialog: No expense spared. Toni greets Gerald as if they know each other, and Tim s the situation to continue. Toni taps the knot in GeraldвЂ Natalja. She quickly turns to Gerald.
25) 64) dialog: Absolutely...
26) 0) text: Toni and Ines leave the poolside area and walk down a set parking lot surrounded by nature. Toni follows a little b around, looking for something, and Toni follows her witho going. They approach an SUV which is parked at the edge o and Tim are already waiting there.
27) 5) dialog: Sure, I have so many problems with my boss, and I'd like to become more successful with women.
27) 7) dialog: Haha. A moment later, Toni does the same thing again, and Tim c much. Ines has now also started applying make-up. Toni re pocket and pulls out a new little cheese grater and a pie little cheese onto his head. He shakes himself. Tim laugh
27) 9) dialog: Enough already!
28) 2) dialog: What does it have to do with you?
28) 4) dialog: Creamy.
29) 0) text: The club that now reveals itself is several times larger an aggressive lightshow, dancers, kitschy decor: ItвЂ™s t Eastern Europe. They're led to a plush seating area next other guests from the reception are already sitting in th bottle of vodka from an ice bucket and starts pouring. Th Marley's вЂњNo Woman, No CryвЂќ booms from the loudspeake more dramatic and the room goes pitch dark apart from a f shoot aggressively through the darkness. Tatjana shrieks through her fingers. They seem to know what's about to ha of an oversized cake, carrying a larger-than-life lollipo followed by a line of dancers whose legs appear even long pulls out his iPhone and starts filming. The dwarf whips the new girls start dancing. The old dancers disappear i vodka for Toni as if sheвЂ™s challenging him.
30) 0) text: The VIP lounge has now filled up. Tatjana, Tim and Ines a champagne bucket. The dancers on the stage make acrobatic has become more lavish. A WAITER arrives with a fresh bot
30) 6) dialog: (quietly) Come on, stay here a while longer. It was just a joke. Should I come with you? Ines weakly raises her hand in farewell and then swiftly It takes Tonia moment to realize sheвЂ™s gone.
32) 0) text: The taxi travels swiftly through night-time Bucharest. Wi flanked by imposing socialist-era buildings from which hu advertising billboards shine. Toni sits in the back seat INT./EXT. - STREET IN FRONT OF WINFRIEDвЂ™S HOTEL - TAXI The taxi pulls up on a broad street in front of a hotel. gets out and walks towards the building. A few people are to work. He takes out the false teeth and puts them in hi INT. - WINFRIEDвЂ™S HOTEL - BEDROOM - DAY Winfried stands in a small hotel room. His things are lyi double bed. He stands there for a moment, bewildered, the again.
38) 29) dialog: Hey, am I early?
38) 31) dialog: 
38) 34) dialog: Haha.
38) 36) dialog: And whoвЂ™s already here?
38) 38) dialog: Yeah, I know for sure theyвЂ™re all in there, and I'll be the only one who walks in naked. Call me when the jokeвЂ™s over. They look at each other a little too long, then Tim leave She walks into the bedroom, glances at her clothes once m bed. She lies there quietly for what seems like forever. rings. Ines canвЂ™t bring herself to open it. Her cellpho ID and sees that itвЂ™s Anca, but she doesnвЂ™t answer. S time with more urgency. Ines looks through the spyhole an the door. INT. - INESвЂ™ APARTMENT - DAY Anca, InesвЂ™ assistant, stands naked outside the door, c body and smiling shyly.
43) 0) text: Ines sits in the chapel in the front row, next to her mot WinfriedвЂ™s sister Irma and a man, Walter, who appears t young, enthusiastic PASTOR brings his speech to a close. father. The SINGER and her ACCOMPANIST, step forward. The adapted, highly theatrical version of вЂњTime to Say Good Andrea Bocelli. Next to Winfried, Irma starts to sob. Win It's hard to say what he feels. INT. - ANNEGRETвЂ™S HOUSE - KITCHEN/LIVING ROOM/TERRACE - Ines walks through her grandmotherвЂ™s house. She peers i some of her relatives are washing up the cake plates.