0) 1) dialog: Wait a moment... No idea what my brother’s been ordering again. Winfried steps a couple of meters into the house and call waits professionally. WINERIED (0.S.) (CONT’D) Toni?! Did you order something? He returns to the mailman.
0) 2) dialog: (quietly) My brother just got released from prison. He does whatever he wants.
0) 4) dialog: He was locked up for mail bombs. Yesterday, he ate a whole can of dog food. OK, just a moment, please. Winfried disappears again, leaving the mailman standing t on holding the package. WINERIED (0.S.) (CONT’D) (suddenly shouting) Toni, get your ass out of the hammock right now!
0) 12) dialog: Hey, Lukas... Winfried looks at the mailman, who also laughs with bewil whether Winfried’s act might have convinced him for a m stands some distance away, unsure whether he’s allowed WINFRIED (CONT’D) (to mailman) No offense meant. They were both me. It was obvious, right? Winfried fishes out a five-euro bill and gives the mailma shoulder. An electronic beeping sound emanates from Winfr
0) 13) text: Don’t worry. That’s just my blood pressure monitor. Winfried finally takes the package from the mailman.
0) 14) dialog: You're the bravest one yet. (to Lukas) I'll be right there... The mailman leaves and Winfried also disappears. INT. - WINFRIED’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - GARDEN - DAY In the living room, Winfried hastily takes off his bathro and cables are attached to his body. They look like an ex shirt and puts down the package. The device on his body i (WILLI) hauls himself up off the floor and lies down agai dog’s breathing is labored and fluid rattles in his lun
0) 15) dialog: Come in... Lukas enters the living room. Winfried opens the package gun attachment for his garden hose. WINFRIED (CONT’D) Our lesson is tomorrow, right?
0) 17) dialog: 
0) 20) dialog: We saw this coming a bit, right?
0) 23) dialog: Just kidding. But you have to tell your mother. I’m not doing it. Lukas nods. The dog can be heard wheezing in the garden.
0) 24) dialog: That's just the dog. Winfried walks into the garden to fetch his beer. He bend quickly takes a plate of sausage from the table and place turns his head away. Winfried grabs his beer and walks ba WINFRIED (CONT’D) Do you drink beer already?
0) 26) dialog: My internet’s acting up. That ball was there again. Lukas bends over the laptop on the table.
0) 29) dialog: 
0) 33) dialog: I’m not putting you to sleep, either. Annegret deliberately ignores Winfried’s costume. She b examining the groceries and checking them against her sho long time to do anything, but she doesn’t want help. We coming from the bedroom. WINFRIED (CONT’D) Is Mrs. Radica still here? Annegret doesn’t answer. She sullenly inspects a coupl flambées.
0) 36) dialog: Sometimes.
0) 40) dialog: Ihave to go soon. Winfried quickly sits down on the edge of a corner bench onto a piece of bread.
0) 42) dialog: That's fine. My new hose attachment has a range of 30 meters, so I’ll be able to shoot right into their living room.
0) 44) dialog: I’m glad that thing’s taking a measurement now. It ascertains which topics upset me most. Then Dombrowski can tell me precisely what I need to eliminate from my life.
0) 45) text: You'll soon be rid of me. Winfried takes another bite of his sandwich and looks at
0) 46) dialog: I might bring Ines tomorrow. Apparently she’s traveling through.
0) 48) dialog: Yeah. I have to go. Annegret shrugs. Winfried peels himself out of the corner room, past the bathroom which MRS. RADICA, a domestic mai appearance, is cleaning.
0) 49) dialog: Don't be frightened...
0) 51) dialog: Can I borrow this? Annegret shrugs in agreement.
0) 53) dialog: So you are interested, after all? I’ve taken on a side job in an old people’s home. 50 euros per death. Most of them won't fight back. Annegret shakes her head. Winfried leans down towards Wil himself after him. WINFRIED (CONT’D) Thanks for taking him. I’ll just pick him up later...
0) 54) text: Winfried waits with a large group of JUNIOR HIGH SCHOOL S entrance area of a school. They’re standing outside a d The children all have their faces painted like Death and stand quietly. Winfried has a guitar slung around him. A look after the children. She laughs quietly.
0) 56) dialog: We can’t change it now... From the auditorium, someone can be indistinctly heard br close, then the large audience applauds. The students pre into a darkened backstage area. A few of them are carryin collide with the art club as it leaves the stage with a h several students to carry it. A crush ensues. One of the over and fights back. WINFRIED (CONT’D) Slowly, slowly... Arne, get up. From outside, we hear as the music club’s performance i WINFRIED (CONT’D) OK guys, now focus. Everyone’s sad... The students let their shoulders droop and amble very sad Winfried checks that every last student is there. A few m burst out laughing. Winfried is the last person to take t command and the students make a voodoo-like racket, then
0) 58) text: Winfried walks hurriedly through the empty high school ho his hand. INT. - WINFRIED’S CAR - STREET BY RENATE’S HOUSE - NI Winfried has parked his VW Passat in front of a fancy new location. He glances into the mirror and looks for a tiss puts on his hat and gets out of the car. EXT./INT. - RENATE’S HOUSE - HALLWAY - LIVING ROOM - NI Winfried fishes a bottle of red wine from a canvas grocer reading glasses hanging around his neck, he’s now only door, he hitches up his pants and takes a breath. He pluc the bell. RENATE (60) opens the door.
0) 60) dialog: Sorry. I have an upset stomach. She lets him in. GERHARD appears in the background, alarm
0) 62) dialog: Do you have a gun?
0) 65) dialog: No, I’m working part-time at the old people’s home.
0) 68) dialog: Hello, Barbel. Barbel laughs.
0) 70) dialog: Congratulations. I’m pleased you're going to be parents. When is it due?
0) 72) dialog: (murmuring) Stick together.
0) 74) dialog: Whatever you're having... Isn’t she here yet? Winfried looks around for Ines.
0) 76) dialog: (to Renate) Her flight was OK?
0) 82) dialog: Oh, right...
0) 84) dialog: Oh, right.
0) 86) dialog: Whose birthday is it?
0) 88) dialog: Oh, come on! You should’ve let me know that. A woman (INES) approaches the patio door, talking on her eyes by way of apology for the phone call. She is wearing Winfried briefly reaches towards Gerhard’s neck and pre smiles.
0) 93) dialog: Ihave to write that down now, too. Ines has finished her phone call and enters the room. She Winfried.
0) 95) dialog: Hello... spaghetti. How’s it going?
0) 97) dialog: I didn’t know you were celebrating your birthday already. I have a meeting in Bucharest next week, so I'll bring you your present then.
0) 100) dialog: Yeah, you might be surprised. They sit down.
0) 104) dialog: Oh, no...
0) 108) dialog: I’m sorry about that.
0) 111) dialog: Just my blood pressure monitor.
0) 113) dialog: Nothing. Routine.
0) 115) dialog: We were joking around with the school band. Saying goodbye to our principal.
0) 118) text: I'll wash this stuff off now. Winfried leaves. INT. - RENATE’S HOUSE - HALLWAY - LIVING ROOM - DAY Winfried exits the bathroom, now without his face paint. call. He still looks ill, however, because he hasn’t be paint. He spots Renate in the kitchen and walks over to h INT. - RENATE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY Winfried leans on the countertop next to Renate.
0) 119) dialog: I’m afraid I have to leave soon. Willi’s at my mother’s place.
0) 121) dialog: Quite good. Sleeps a lot. He pulls a dental retainer box from his jacket pocket, ta shows them to Renate.
0) 122) dialog: They’re almost broken again, here. Can you fix them again with that professional glue?
0) 124) dialog: Yeah, I don’t dare go to the doctor any more. Everyone wants to treat me right away.
0) 126) dialog: Nothing, but they’re giving me a blood thinner now.
0) 129) dialog: Could you make them permanent, too? I find my crowns so boring. Renate laughs. She looks into the darkened garden, in whi
0) 131) dialog: We must've done something wrong. EXT. - RENATE’S HOUSE - GARDEN - DAY Winfried walks through the garden, searching. He’s put garden is empty. EXT. - IN FRONT OF RENATE’S HOUSE - DAY Winfried walks around the house and spies Ines next to th it’s as if she’s hiding from her family. Her shoulder She holds her Blackberry in one hand. Winfried is just a when Renate calls to him from the house.
0) 134) text: (into phone) Yeah, good. And what else did he say? OK, that’s no bad thing. (quietly, to Winfried) I’m almost done, Dad. Winfried waits. Ines acts out the phone call so convincin wonders whether there really might be someone on the othe
0) 136) dialog: Everything OK?
0) 138) dialog: I’m afraid I have to. Do you want to come to Grandma’s for breakfast tomorrow?
0) 140) dialog: It doesn’t matter, I’ll call Inge. I’ve hired someo to bea substitute daughter, anyway.
0) 142) dialog: Different things. Sometimes I just want her to bake a cake. Sometimes she helps me to cut my toenails. The kinds of things daughters normally do.
0) 144) dialog: It was only a joke. Renate approaches the two of them carrying a wrapped up p which Winfried had forgotten. By way of a goodbye, Winfri hand firmly in his. WINFRIED (CONT’D) I don’t know if I still have make-up anywhere.
0) 146) dialog: Right, sure. My Skype’s working again.
0) 148) dialog: She’s doing great. EXT. - WINFRIED’S HOUSE - GARDEN - NIGHT Winfried walks into his garden. He’s fetched a blanket lies on the lawn in the garden. The dog isn’t well. Win him ona pillow taken from a chair. It’s a bright, windy over himself and shuffles even closer to his dog, who is exhaling.
0) 149) dialog: (quietly) My Willi, don’t be frightened. Don’t be frightened. Are you my dear Willi...such a lovely Willi. As he speaks, he gives the dog two ice cubes to lick. The stand up but falls to one side. Winfried again shuffles c EXT. - WINFRIED’S HOUSE - GARDEN - DAWN The sun is rising when Winfried wakes up on the lawn. Wil to him. Winfried sits up. He spots Will a few meters away down next to him and touches him. The dog is dead. INT. - WINFRIED’S HOUSE - KITCHEN OR LIVING ROOM - DAY Winfried has gone into his house. He stands for a moment for the coffee filters. He looks out of the window at his to get up again, after all. But the fur under the bush is seems fake. Only the bush above it moves.
1) 0) text: Winfried sits in the modern reception area of an office b sunglasses and holding a newspaper. He peers at the entra again, businesspeople enter the lobby and employees leave elevator doors opposite him open, so Winfried lifts up th man in a suit steps out. Winfried lowers his newspaper ag small hole in the paper. He looks at the modern, illumina it, two female RECEPTIONISTS, with their hair styled in t talking about him. One of them walks over to him in her h
1) 2) dialog: No, thank you. The receptionist nods and walks back to her desk, where s colleague. It becomes clear that Winfried has already bee some time: He’s raised the women’s suspicions. Winfri that moment, a group of businesspeople (including HENNEBE ANCA) enters the building. Winfried spots Ines among them puts in the false teeth, lifts up the newspaper and walks conspicuous in his effort to be inconspicuous. Ines looks moment, she seems to freeze. But then she walks on and co with a colleague, who turns around to face her. Winfried disappears into an elevator beyond a staff-only barrier. out of the building. Outside, he removes the false teeth moment he stands there, perplexed, unsure whether Ines sa
1) 3) text: Winfried walks outside, onto the street. New, modern glas dilapidated blocks from the Ceausescu era. Winfried looks around and is about to continue when, sudd woman wearing a business suit stops him.
1) 5) dialog: (mixing German and English) Ja. Yes.
1) 8) dialog: Hello. I’m sorry. Just a flying visit. No, you don’t have to come here. I'll book myself into a hotel somewhere. Yeah, nothing, no. No, really, nothing’s wrong. He listens, and relents. WINFRIED (CONT’D) OK... fine. Yes, OK. See you later. He hands the phone back to Anca. WINFRIED (CONT’D) (in English) I shall follow you. Anca looks at him in surprise.
1) 9) text: Winfried sits with Anca on the office building's modern r a few tourist brochures and a city map, which she’s mar
1) 11) dialog: Iam only the father. Just holidays. (in German) I don’t really look the part. Anca’s cellphone rings. She listens with intense concen around at the terrace. A few people in suits are sitting
1) 13) dialog: Was that she?
1) 15) dialog: (mixing German and English) OK. When she will... For a moment, neither of them knows what to talk about.
1) 16) dialog: (in German) And how is my daughter as a boss? (in English) As your chief? Anca isn’t sure how to respond.
1) 20) dialog: And what's most important when dealing with clients?
1) 22) dialog: I’m sure my daughter’s good at that.
2) 0) text: Winfried sits on the back seat of a spacious car being dr a hotel. The driver, BOGDAN, is speaking to someone via a
2) 2) dialog: Thank you. He pats Bogdan on the shoulder. Outside, Ines hurries out into the back seat of the car, next to Winfried. She kiss
2) 4) dialog: Yeah, well, sure, you have to work.
2) 8) dialog: Three hours. I wasn’t even sure you’d recognized me.
2) 10) dialog: They were all terribly nice to me. Winfried nods towards Bogdan.
2) 11) dialog: The driver, too. Ines nods and smiles tensely.
2) 14) dialog: Great. Can I go like this? He’s wearing dark-colored jeans, a shirt and walking sh the problem.
2) 16) dialog: There’s a great football match today, too. If Bogdan drops me somewhere... I'll have a beer.
2) 18) dialog: I just wasn’t sure whether it’s really OK for you and the ambassador...
2) 20) dialog: Of course. I think it’s amazing that you're taking me with you. I’ve never been inside an embassy before.
2) 22) dialog: Oh, right.
2) 24) dialog: Yeah, of course. No concept makes sense without the client.
2) 26) dialog: But I also don’t mind if you tell them I’m your Grandma. Ines and Winfried get out of the car.
2) 27) text: Ines and Winfried enter the lobby of a large communist-er around with interest. Ines walks purposefully to the tabl procures two wristbands. Guests hurry up a staircase. Ine speeches have already begun. She glances quickly at her p Winfried walk up a grand, communist-era staircase towards speech is already being held.
3) 0) text: Ines and Winfried slip into the ballroom, which is full o the colors of the U.S. flag. People are clapping, and Ine what was just being said.
4) 0) text: The speech is over, and the guests move towards the buffe eyes a group of businesspeople. Winfried looks at a man h
4) 1) dialog: Hey, that guy looks like Tiriac. Ines looks half-heartedly towards the man in question.
4) 22) dialog: Good evening. I’m just the father. Winfried nods towards Ines.
4) 27) dialog: Yes. A totally spontaneous decision. I’ve never been to Romania before.
4) 29) dialog: I’m actually here to negotiate with her. She’s hardly at home anymore, so I hired someone to be a substitute daughter. A really nice young woman. Now it’s just the question of who pays her. Henneberg can’t help but laugh. Ines is straining to he whilst also trying to politely focus on Natalja.
4) 31) dialog: The cakes are better, and she cuts my toenails. Again, the executive can’t help but laugh. Winfried ges
4) 32) text: But she’s not your daughter, right? Ines freezes. It was obviously a joke. The executive grin then firmly says his goodbyes and turns to someone else. and Ines are left by themselves. Winfried gives Ines her appetizers. Ines says nothing and, for a moment, she seem
4) 34) dialog: OK. Criticism accepted. (referring to the food) I didn’t know what you like. Awoman (TATJANA) interrupts Ines from behind. She’s pas keep up with a group of Chinese businesspeople.
5) 0) text: The reception guests are slowly leaving. Winfried arrives jackets. Ines is still looking over at the group surround Dascalu, Myers). They’re already making their way towar Winfried also walk towards it. Suddenly, Henneberg is beh Winfried.
5) 3) dialog: Winfried. Henneberg also looks at Ines, but the question seems to b Winfried. Natalja joins him, and she seems to be keen for
5) 4) dialog: Thank you, that’s terribly nice of you, but I’m too tired. I’ve done too much today. Sightseeing.
5) 8) dialog: No, no, I have to sleep. I walked through the whole... Ceausescu palace today.
5) 10) text: (to Winfried) Come on.
5) 11) dialog: (quietly) Oh right, you want me to come now? Ines nods discreetly.
6) 0) text: A classy restaurant where foreign businesspeople meet and class flashes its cash. The group sits on a terrace near group of people surrounds Henneberg: Natalja, Winfried an further businesspeople, M. Vermillard, Mr. Myers and Dasc managers or business partners of Dacoil. Winfried has a l of him. The others are more refined, with glasses of wine
6) 9) dialog: You know me. Ines focuses on the conversation.
6) 24) text: But her father had a great business idea for Romania. He hired another girl at home to be his daughter. Because this one is never there and he needs somebody to cut his toenails. Everyone laughs slightly. Ines, too, bravely laughs along watch. Winfried puts the false teeth in his mouth and qui
6) 25) dialog: Don't you dare steal my idea. He very quickly puts the teeth away again. WINFRIED (CONT’D) Sorry, I like to make jokes. Henneberg laughs indulgently, but it’s clear that he’ total madman. WINFRIED (CONT’D) (in German) No, we’re incredibly proud of her. What she does here... and stuff. Ines smiles, trying to rise above the situation. Henneber bring him the check. Henneberg stands up and shakes hands Now that Henneberg is gone, the rest of the group immedia follows Henneberg. The Belgian and the Frenchman talk for waiter brings Winfried another beer.
7) 0) text: Ines and Winfried now sit alone at the otherwise empty ta Ines remains silent for a while trying to cope with her a
7) 2) dialog: I somehow had to make it clear to him that it was a joke. What exactly is “outsourcing” again?
7) 4) dialog: So what was wrong with that?
7) 6) dialog: And... what are you responsible for?
7) 8) dialog: It’s incredible the kinds of decisions you're involved in making.
7) 10) dialog: I’m not criticizing you. I just want to understand it. What these projects are about...
7) 12) dialog: I took a month off. Ines freezes for a second. WINFRIED (CONT’D) That was real fear. INT. - INES’ APARTMENT - GUEST ROOM - NIGHT Winfried sits on a freshly-made sofa-bed, digging in his couple of pills from his new pillbox. The room’s decor the doorway and watches as Winfried takes a bag from his smooth out a gift’s crumpled wrapping paper. From it ha he quickly removes. INT. - INES’ APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT In the living room, Winfried puts a sausage from his loca Riesling and a packet of Aachener Printen gingerbread coo quickly takes a final look at her laptop, which is also o opens out onto a large roof terrace. The whole place seem American: the kind of luxury you can find anywhere in the hint at the fact that we’re in Eastern Europe.
7) 14) dialog: OK, but only if it suits you. So, here’s your present. If you don’t like it, throw it away.
7) 16) dialog: I don’t know what your plans are. Ines unwraps the gift and pulls out an expensive designer
7) 19) dialog: That’s a really good cheese grater. A French one, from Designo. Ines puts the grater to one side and folds the wrapping p WINFRIED (CONT’D) I just happened to walk past the store. It always annoys me when the parmesan is so hard. There’s something in that little roll, too. Buy yourself a blazer, or something else...
7) 36) dialog: Would you like s
7) 39) text: Winfried waits on a lounger in the chic pool area of a ho and rolled up his jeans. Ines approaches wearing a bathro lounger next to him.
7) 49) dialog: Wasn't that a bit much?
7) 66) dialog: I can’t say that off the top of my head. I really just wanted to know
7) 71) dialog: That’s a good sign, ma’am. I wasn’t at all sure whether you knew your Grandma was still alive.
7) 73) dialog: Why?
8) 0) text: Winfried sits on a stool at a bar table and looks out fro ice rink. A group of children is trying to skate with the Weaving between them are a couple of young professionals across the ice. A WAITER brings the check. Winfried gulps picks up his tattered newspaper. He stands up. The mall i beyond anything found even in the USA: waterfalls tumblin rink, slot machines and stores. These elements come toget capitalist futurism. Winfried walks past huge ice cream bored woman reads a book.
9) 0) text: Winfried walks along a row of storefronts, searching. He talking to Natalja in front of a shoe store. Natalja sees and turns around.
9) 6) dialog: Are you really a human? (BEAT)
9) 9) dialog: Or go home? INT. - INES’ APARTMENT - OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN - NIGHT Back in the apartment. Winfried stands the kitchen, where spaghetti. He chops an onion and looks at Ines, who’s o terrace. She comes back inside and sits down in front of a glass of red wine down next to it.
9) 11) dialog: Are you hungry yet? Everything OK, spaghetti? Winfried rubs her neck.
9) 13) dialog: Sorry for my stupid comment earlier.
9) 15) dialog: Whether you’re a human.
9) 27) dialog: You were so fast asleep.
9) 29) dialog: I tried to.
9) 32) dialog: I thought you needed the sleep. Or that you'd set an alarm.
9) 34) dialog: I just don’t know if you’re always doing as well as you Say you are.
9) 36) dialog: (quietly) No, of course not.
9) 38) dialog: (quietly) I don’t own a fart cushion.
9) 40) dialog: (mumbling) Anyway, it was still really nice. Now I know the kinds of things you do here.
9) 42) dialog: It’s definitely not broken, though. The doorbell rings. WINFRIED (CONT’D) I could pierce it to release the pressure.
9) 44) dialog: But I can’t leave you here like this.
22) 0) text: Ines runs through a series of corridors, searching. Compa her. She spots Toni, stops him just before he gets into a into a corner. Winfried immediately adopts his Toni pose false teeth.
32) 0) text: The taxi travels swiftly through night-time Bucharest. Wi flanked by imposing socialist-era buildings from which hu advertising billboards shine. Toni sits in the back seat INT./EXT. - STREET IN FRONT OF WINFRIED’S HOTEL - TAXI The taxi pulls up on a broad street in front of a hotel. gets out and walks towards the building. A few people are to work. He takes out the false teeth and puts them in hi INT. - WINFRIED’S HOTEL - BEDROOM - DAY Winfried stands in a small hotel room. His things are lyi double bed. He stands there for a moment, bewildered, the again.
33) 0) text: It’s morning in Bucharest. Winfried walks through the c about what he should do. He takes his phone from his pock No-one picks up. He watches as commuters get onto buses.
34) 0) text: Winfried stops by a bakery which sells its wares through the line and points at a couple of soft pretzels. Then he eats. Once again, he takes his phone from his pocket and elderly woman passes by and begs at him. Winfried quickly EXT. - STREET IN FRONT OF INES’ APARTMENT - DAY Winfried turns onto Ines’ street. INT. - INES’ APARTMENT BLOCK - STAIRWELL - DAY Winfried, now half-Toni, stands with a bag from the baker stairwell in front of Ines’ door. He hesitantly rings t rings again and listens. He pulls Ines’ apartment key f door. INT. - INES’ APARTMENT - DAY It’s quiet in the apartment. He peers into Ines’ bedr Suddenly, he hears a noise from the bathroom. He opens th closet in the hallway and wedges himself in, still holdin Ines exits the bathroom. She’s wearing her work clothes closet, notices that the door is slightly ajar and tries way. She opens the closet and screams in mortal terror as inside. Toni peels himself out of the closet. He is weari
35) 48) text: Toni stands still next to the car. He is visibly exhauste arickety garden fence. He glances at Ines and Illiescu wh borehole, some distance away. He walks through a broken g to pee. This part of the property is overgrown. A sudden chirp. Just as Toni’s about to unfasten his pants, he h An ELDERLY MAN walks towards him and greets him in Romani arms apologetically. A TEENAGE BOY appears. The man gestu and pee. Winfried refuses.
37) 3) dialog: Only euros... The man refuses: He doesn’t want to take the money. Win teenager, who quickly puts the bill away.
40) 0) text: The Kukeri crosses a large intersection. For the first ti the city. There are lots of people around, all going thei like a lonely alien. EXT. - STREET BY WINFRIED’S HOTEL - NIGHT The Kukeri turns onto a side street and disappears betwee and an open-fronted florist’s into a small, low-budget INT. - WINFRIED’S HOTEL - RECEPTION - NIGHT The Kukeri enters the hotel’s reception area. A young C mindedly watching a soccer match. The Kukeri gestures at something incomprehensible. The concierge understands wha the reception desk and, with a great deal of strength, pu Winfried is pale. His sweat-drenched hair sticks to his s down on the desk and puts Winfried’s room key next to heavily.
41) 0) text: Winfried stands in front of an old building. Through the nondescript German street is visible. It’s a clear, som summer. Winfried is wearing a dark suit and his beard has aman around the same age as Winfried, waits with his WIFE straightens his necktie. IRMA, a woman also around Winfri background to two FUNERAL PARLOR EMPLOYEES.
41) 6) dialog: (mumbling) A serious occasion...
41) 8) dialog: I’m glad you're here. Winfried takes the flowers from her.
41) 10) dialog: Okay. Winfried and Ines look at each other for a moment. It’s seen each other again. Renate joins them and briefly embr
41) 12) dialog: The coffin is still open.
42) 0) text: A chapel is laid out with chairs. It’s modern and quite Irma is explaining the order of service to the singer. Wi down. He shakes hands with the singer and gestures at her alone for a moment. Ines walks to the coffin in which her now decorating something at the other end of the room - s them, but she is. For a moment, Winfried stays in the bac next to Ines and looks at his mother. She looks much smal
42) 2) dialog: I think she understood that, somehow. They sit there in silence. WINFRIED (CONT’D) You can touch her if you like. Ines leans forward and touches Annegret’s wrinkled han Irma, who’s giving them a nagging look.
42) 3) dialog: We have to go. The line is long - they all still want money from her. He stands up and briefly touches his mother’s cheek. Ir parlor employees.
43) 0) text: Ines sits in the chapel in the front row, next to her mot Winfried’s sister Irma and a man, Walter, who appears t young, enthusiastic PASTOR brings his speech to a close. father. The SINGER and her ACCOMPANIST, step forward. The adapted, highly theatrical version of “Time to Say Good Andrea Bocelli. Next to Winfried, Irma starts to sob. Win It's hard to say what he feels. INT. - ANNEGRET’S HOUSE - KITCHEN/LIVING ROOM/TERRACE - Ines walks through her grandmother’s house. She peers i some of her relatives are washing up the cake plates.
43) 4) text: Yes, I’ll think about it. Ines walks outside and joins Winfried and Walter.
43) 11) dialog: That song. Irma’s crazy... They were supposed to play something by Harry Belafonte. She liked him, even though it was negro music to her... He stands up and starts to rummage through the chaos and takes out old coats and puts them away again. From under he pulls out a steel helmet. Ines watches him. He opens a garden.
43) 12) dialog: All the things she kept. No idea whose this is. All this stuff is genuine. He gestures at an open cupboard. WINFRIED (CONT’D) Full of hats. He takes out a suitcase which really is full of all kinds Most are unused; Some even still have the price tag. Ines with fruit ornaments. She looks at Winfried as if she’s him. It’s the first time they've been alone together si hesitates for a moment, then plucks up the courage to say WINFRIED (CONT’D) About your question there, in Bucharest, about life. The problem is, it’s so often about getting things done. And then you still have to do this, or that. And, in the meantime, life just passes by. But how are we supposed to hang on to moments? Now I sometimes sit there and remember how you learned to ride your bike or how I once found you at a bus stop. But you only realize that afterwards. In the moment itself, it’s not possible. He looks at her, unsure what she thinks about what he’s moment, then Ines reaches out and checks the breast pocke pulls out the false teeth and puts them into her mouth. W fascinated. Ines puts on the hat with the fruit. They loo WINFRIED (CONT’D) Wait, I’ll get my camera. He walks out of the door. Ines follows him. She watches a corner of the house. Just before he’s gone, he turns ar the wall, motionless. Her expression turns serious. She w He’s not coming back. FADE OUT.