37) 5) dialog: No hard feelings, Weasley, alright?
37) 9) dialog: I‘ll be going out for Keeper as well. Nothing personal.
37) 11) dialog: I like my chances. Say... think you could introduce me to your friend Granger? Wouldn’t mind getting on a first name basis, know what I mean? Cormac gives a lewd wink, saunters off. Ron glances up to the stands. Hermione smiles, waves.
37) 12) text: Ginny flies swiftly, handling the Quaffle with ease. TWO SECOND YEARS collide in mid-air. Cormac makes a brilliant save. Ron makes a shaky save. Hermione looks on, nervous for him. Katie Bell snatches a Quaffle with one hand, splits two defenders beautifully and makes a slick blind pass to Dean who jets high in the air, then lets the Quaffle roll off his fingers... right into Ginny’s hands as she races below. Seamus sends a Bludger rocketing into the stands, scatters a group of onlookers, leaving only Neville, who sidles delicately to the right as the others leg it. TWO THIRD YEARS collide in mid-air. Cormac makes a brilliant save. Ron turns the wrong way but makes the save anyway as the Quaffle caroms off the tail of his broom. Hermione looks on more nervously. (CONTINUED )
37) 17) text: The survivors press ICE PACKS to their heads, run TAPE round twisted fingers. Only Ron, hovering at the west goal, and Cormac, hovering at the east, remain on the pitch. Luna, Spectrespecs in place, eyes Cormac -- cool, confident, clear. Then eyes Ron -- sweaty, nervous, SWARMING in WRACKSPURTS.
37) 19) dialog: Hang on. She’s his sister. How do I know she won’t toss him a floater?
41) 46) dialog: Here, here! Hermione exchanges a wry glance with Harry, who notices that ONE SETTING is EMPTY. The twins make -- and drink -- their toast in perfect unison. Neville stares hopelessly at the vast array of forks, knives and spoons placed beside his plate.
41) 53) dialog: Yes, sir. In fact, I’m meant to go hunting with him and the Minister for Magic over holiday.
52) 26) dialog: Slippery little minx, your friend. Likes to work her mouth too, doesn’t she? Yak yak yak. What is this I’m eating, by the way?