13) 0) text: Ginny DASHES down a vertiginous staircase, flies into the kitchen and finds...
14) 1) dialog: Hedwig...? Mum!
15) 0) text: GINNY'S POV, looking up -- a dizzying perspective of twisting railings and crooked bedroom doors. A CLOCK hangs IN VIEW, bearing NINE HANDS, each inscribed with a Weasley name, each pointing to MORTAL PERIL. MRS. WEASLEY appears, looks down.
15) 2) dialog: Exactly. How’d you guess? (CONTINUED )
15) 5) dialog: I’m joking, Mum.
15) 7) dialog: Now you're joking. I was only wondering when Harry got here.
15) 9) dialog: Harry Dimpleton. Harry Potter, of course.
15) 11) dialog: Well his trunk’s in the kitchen. And his owl.
15) 14) dialog: Me, nosy. Is he up there with you?
15) 19) dialog: Harry's. Haven’t seen him, have you? Apparently, he’s wandering about the house.
17) 23) dialog: Meaning?
17) 27) dialog: None of your business.
21) 3) dialog: Please. What's a Wrackspurt? (CONTINUED )
33) 4) dialog: He’s covered in blood again. Why is it he’s always covered in blood?
37) 2) dialog: 
37) 12) text: Ginny flies swiftly, handling the Quaffle with ease. TWO SECOND YEARS collide in mid-air. Cormac makes a brilliant save. Ron makes a shaky save. Hermione looks on, nervous for him. Katie Bell snatches a Quaffle with one hand, splits two defenders beautifully and makes a slick blind pass to Dean who jets high in the air, then lets the Quaffle roll off his fingers... right into Ginny’s hands as she races below. Seamus sends a Bludger rocketing into the stands, scatters a group of onlookers, leaving only Neville, who sidles delicately to the right as the others leg it. TWO THIRD YEARS collide in mid-air. Cormac makes a brilliant save. Ron turns the wrong way but makes the save anyway as the Quaffle caroms off the tail of his broom. Hermione looks on more nervously. (CONTINUED )
37) 20) dialog: Piss off, Cormac. How ‘bout I toss you a floater?
38) 15) dialog: Who’s the Half-Blood Prince?
38) 17) dialog: That’s what it says. Right here. ‘This Book is the Property of the Half-Blood Prince.’ (CONTINUED )
41) 63) dialog: Sorry, I'm not ordinarily late -- 61A. 57 She falters, eyes red, uncharacteristically flustered. (CONTINUED )
43) 0) text: Instantly, Slytherin snatches the Quaffle and rushes en masse toward Gryffindor’s end, weaving and passing with wicked skill, culminating in a vicious, slicing shot on goal. Just when it appears it will clear the hoop, Ron streaks out of nowhere and sends the Quaffle screaming in the opposite direction. Ginny pauses on her broom, stunned.
43) 1) dialog: What’s gotten into him? She glances up at Harry, circling high above and he grins. Just then, Dean streaks by:
56) 0) text: The house glows with light and HOLIDAY MUSIC rings from the WIRELESS. Fred and George fill cups with STEAMING NOG and Mrs. Weasley and Ginny ferry plates of food.
56) 17) dialog: Open up, you. Harry turns, finds Ginny, holding something in her fingers.
56) 18) dialog: Don’t trust me? He obliges and she pops a SMALL TART in his mouth.
56) 22) dialog: ‘Course ‘tis. Made them myself. She smiles at him, hooks her ginger hair over one ear and Ron plops down between them. Big brother to the rescue.
60) 0) text: Harry peers through the ripples of an imperfect windowpane, studying the others below. A FLOORBOARD CREAKS. He turns, watches Ginny emerge into the light, in a robe, twisting her wet hair in a towel.
60) 1) dialog: Everyone gone to bed?
60) 3) dialog: I don’t sleep these days. So I wash my hair. Silly, right? Harry just stares at her, the air prickling with silence. Ginny eyes him knowingly.
60) 4) dialog: Happy Christmas, Harry. 81 82 83 HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07 82.
62) 0) text: The rippled window behind Harry blushes with light. Ginny’s eyes shift from Harry to the trees beyond.
62) 1) dialog: Oh my god... Harry turns, his BREATH FOGGING the WINDOWPANE as, far below, FLAMES SNAKE out of the reeds and SLITHER toward the house. Bellatrix emerges, peering up through the darkness toward Harry’s SILHOUETTE, a mad grin on her face. As she SHRIEKS EERILY, his eyes flash with hatred.
64) 2) text: Ginny, copper hair gleaming, races through the reeds. Bellatrix leads Harry on, grinning madly. Ginny comes dashing to a halt, chest heaving as she peers into the smoking marsh. A HUGE FIGURE QUIVERS through a veil of smoke. Ginny’s eyes SHIFT, see Bellatrix racing forward through the reeds, then SHIFT back as the veil of smoke evaporates, reveals... Greyback. Bellatrix makes an ODD, CLICKING noise -- like a signal -- and Greyback edges forward, sweeping away the reeds in front of him and revealing... ... Harry as he pelts forward.
64) 3) dialog: No, Harry! It's a trap! Harry falters, looking toward Ginny’s voice and spies Greyback. Bellatrix stops dead, wheels in her tracks and, seeing Ginny, SHRIEKS with RAGE. Raising her wand, she fires a BOLT of RED LIGHT which explodes in a SHOWER of SPARKS around Ginny. Ginny fires back, then wheels away, flashing through the reeds and coming face to face with... Greyback, sharp teeth glittering.
73) 0) text: Harry, Dumbledore, Snape, McGonagall, Ginny and a very somber Hermione circle Ron’s bed as MADAM POMFREY ministers to him. Slughorn sits off to the side, ina chair, looking stunned.
73) 21) dialog: ‘Bout time, don’t you think? Harry watches her go, hopelessly smitten, sees that Slughorn has paused in the doorway.
77) 0) text: Harry sits numbly, the Potions textbook lying limp in his hand. Hermione, Ron and Ginny sit together, a bit apart, keeping a kind of vigil. Finally, Ginny rises, steps to him.
77) 1) dialog: You have to get rid of it. Today.
78) 0) text: Harry, Potions book in hand, follows Ginny past the empty birdcage and down the corridor when she pauses, turns to the wall and shuts her eyes.
78) 1) dialog: Take my hand.
79) 0) text: Ginny and Harry materialize.
79) 5) dialog: Over the years, if someone had a secret, if they wanted to conceal something, this is where they came. Some of these things are almost as old as the castle itself.
79) 7) dialog: Fred and George. First year. I hid Tom Riddle’s diary here for a time. Wish I’d left it... As Ginny drifts in the memory, Harry studies her, then a SCUFFLING SOUND is heard nearby. They turn, look off.
79) 8) dialog: (at the same time) What was that? They turn back, look at each other. Ginny smiles. Then:
79) 10) dialog: See, you never know what you’1l find up here. Harry nods, looks back to the cabinet, mystified.
79) 11) dialog: All right. Close your eyes. That way you can’t be tempted. Ginny slips the book from his fingers and starts to back away. She mouths: Close... your... eyes. As she leaves FRAME, CAMERA PUSHES EVER-SO-SLOWLY IN ON Harry. Still. Waiting. For a long moment, there is only silence. Then a shadow gently eclipses Harry's face.
79) 12) dialog: There’s something else. Another secret of sorts. One of mine... (CONTINUED )
79) 15) dialog: That can stay hidden up here too, if you like. Harry opens his eyes, watches Ginny back away, then disappear around the corner. He stares at the empty air, blinking, then watches the black bird flutter overhead.
109) 0) text: Ron, Hermione and Ginny stand with the staff. They turn and watch the throng of students part for Harry and Hagrid. Hagrid stops short, shattered by what he sees. Harry pushes on, kneels. Dumbledore’s eyes are closed, his face peaceful. Harry straightens his half-moon spectacles, wipes a trickle of blood from his mouth. Runs the back of his hand, gently, over the weathered cheek. Then he notices something lying beside Dumbledore’s ashen hand: the locket. He takes it, considers it numbly. Then begins to cry, great shudders of grief wracking his body. Hermione gives Ginny a nudge and she steps forward, drops beside him. At her touch, his head falls on her shoulder and she begins to stroke him. Ron looks on. Understands all. McGonagall lifts a trembling wand to the sky and slowly the TIP GLOWS to life. One after another, students and staff do the same, lifting their wands in salute. As CAMERA RISES, the pinpricks coalesce into one BLAZING FIRE. The sky, briefly emerald, turns black once more. The Dark Mark vanishes.
115) 0) text: Harry starts down the stairs, stops. Hermione, Ron and Ginny sit talking quietly. Ginny looks up. Smiles softly.
116) 0) text: Harry and Hermione stand by the ramparts while Ron and Ginny stand further along, just out of earshot. Harry stares into the distance at the ashes of Hagrid’s Hut. Hermione toys with the locket before them.