7) 0) text: Blake's clothing hangs in military rows. Rorschach runs h fingers along the wall-seams. He pauses, presses on the hanger BAR, which SLIDES BACK to reveal a RED BUTTON. Pressing it, the BACK WALL of the closet SLIDES OPEN, revealing a SECRET COMPARTMENT. On the wall is an old FRA PHOTO of EIGHT PEOPLE IN COSTUMES, from the 60s. Included this photo is a young Edward Blake--Blake wasn't a spook- was a superhero. WEAPONS of all kinds adorn the walls in here. TEAR-GAS, GRENADES, RIFLES, PISTOLS--if it can kill you Blake's got But that's not what draws Rorschach's attention. Hanging on the back wall, dead center, is a more current COSTUME. Black leather armor, gloves, boots. Hanging over all like a vacant, grinning face--a black leather MASK. Rorschach stares. Framed nearby is the FRONT PAGE OF THE BOSTON GLOBE. The headline reads "The Comedian Gets Last Laugh On Moloch." Underneath is a photo of Blake dressed the costume Rorschach was staring at--Blake was a superhe called the Comedian. In the photo, Blake holds a supervil named MOLOCH prisoner. (We'll meet Moloch later.) On the same page is a smaller photo of a group of superheroes. Rorschach is in the photo, as is Dr. Manhatt as is the Comedian. (As are DAN DREIBERG, ADRIAN VEIDT, a LAURIE JUPITER, all of whom we'll be meeting soon). The caption below reads: "The New Watchmen." Suddenly, Rorschach hears the front door open. He quickly closes the secret hatch.
20) 0) text: Dan enters the enormous office--there are three TV feeds PROJECTED onto the walls, architectural models of real es developments, poster size ad campaigns for "Nostalgia" perfume--all reflecting the financial empire of Veidt Enterprises owned by-- --ADRIAN VEIDT, late 30s, movie star looks, is at the far of the office, SPRINTING on a treadmill as journalist DOU ROTH holds a tape recorder to him. Adrian sees Dan approaching, smiles wide. He holds up a finger, telling D to hold on a sec. Dan nods, takes a seat on the couch. Pi up a Fortune magazine with Adrian on the cover.
20) 2) dialog: (LAUGHS)
20) 3) text: I think it's better to be the world's most modest man. You should ignore my PR people, they tend to be a little too enthusiastic. Though Adrian seems to be sprinting at top speed, he hard seems out of breath as he answers questions.
20) 5) dialog: Predicting stock prices isn't the same as predicting world events. I hope there isn't a war, or even a skirmish for that matter. Because Veidt Enterprises has some exciting plans, plans that will, pardon the cliche, truly make this world a better place. My team of engineers and scientists have been working with Dr. Manhattan himself on synthesizing a new, cheap form of energy which will eliminate the worlds reliance on fossil fuels with no toxic emissions. This energy could power cars, aircrafts, stadiums--there are no limitations-- (reaching Dan) (MORE) (CONTINUED)
20) 12) dialog: --but I talk too much. Will you mind pausing the interview a moment, Doug? A good friend of mine is here. Doug Roth leaves. Adrian hugs Dan, despite the sweat.
20) 14) dialog: Dan--it's been far too long.
21) 0) text: Dan and Adrian sit, talking over coffee. Dan examines an ACTION-FIGURE of Adrian as OZYMANDIAS (his superhero alia
21) 1) dialog: Rorschach. He paid me a visit too.
21) 3) dialog: (LAUGHS)
21) 6) dialog: Rorschach's a sociopath suffering through nostalgia. I revealed my identity to the public as soon as the Keene Act was passed. If an old enemy wanted me dead it would have been done already. Adrian notices the news on one of his TV projectors. Something about Pakistan putting troops along the Indian border. Adrian turns up the volume, looking grim.
21) 7) dialog: No, there are other things in the world I'm far more concerned about. ON THE WALL: The TV projector shows an image of TWO PAKIS SOLDIERS on patrol.
38) 0) text: Days later. A few mourners gather in the rain for Edward Blake aka The Comedian's funeral. Mostly government types Dan, Adrian and Dr. Manhattan line the edge of an open gr
44) 1) dialog: 
45) 2) dialog: What are you saying, Comedian? Blake, now in his forties, smokes a CIGAR, feet on the ta a FLASK in hand. The PAPER in his hand reads: "Arab Leade Call Dr. Manhattan: 'America's Weapon of Satan."'
45) 6) dialog: Bureaucracies can be effective with the right leadership--
45) 8) dialog: It doesn't take a genius to see that the world has problems. (CONTINUED)
45) 18) dialog: My display .
46) 0) text: Adrian, moving down to Dan as we FADE TO:
62) 36) dialog: Doug, that `s enough.
62) 52) dialog: We need to stop this now. Adrian and the Press Agent hurry on stage, SECURITY following.
62) 54) dialog: As the sponsor of this program I demand all cameras off! His plea is futile, of course. A REPORTER breaks through, gets in Dr. Manhattan's face.
62) 65) dialog: Everyone back off! Don't you understand? He's the only thing preventing the world from chaos!
67) 0) text: like she stares at the flame here, as Adrian's display burns. Laurie glances around as everyone leaves, apologiz to Adrian.
78) 0) text: Adrian steps off the elevator when he's met by his Assist (CONTINUED)
78) 7) dialog: I know. I'm meeting the toy people, yes?
78) 9) dialog: All the old villains are dead.
78) 11) dialog: I suppose the threat of war has that effect. ACROSS THE WAY, Dan enters the building, intercepts Adria
78) 13) dialog: Dan, I'm sorry, this is a bad time.
78) 15) dialog: Jon's departure is terrible. Not only for what's happening in the world now, but for what could have happened. The energy project he and I were working on--it's dead now .
78) 17) dialog: Are you still preoccupied with the ramblings of that lunatic? I really don't have time for this, Dan. (CONTINUED)
78) 27) dialog: Wait, he's got a poison capsule! He JAMS his fingers into the Assassin's mouth when Dan arrives.
78) 28) dialog: Don't bite down, you scum! I want to know who sent you! The Assassin's eyes BULGE
78) 29) dialog: I want to know who's behind this! The Assassin CHOKES and dies. Adrian DROPS him, unanswered. He looks over at Dan, frustrated.
79) 17) text: So this guy who tried to kill Adrian--who was he?
120) 0) text: Surprisingly, Adrian is awake, packing his things, hustli about his grand mansion as Dan and Laurie trail.
120) 2) dialog: Please. Right now, I'm not concerned with this so-called mask-killer, I'm concerned with the mass killer called war, or have you not heard. (calling out) On ! A WALL SIZED MIRROR turns into a TV:
120) 7) dialog: Nothing we do will bring Jon back! (glances at Laurie) But I think you know that already. And breaking Rorschach out of prison certainly isn't the answer. (CONTINUED)
120) 14) dialog: I'm leaving, Dan. And I suggest you both do the same. Adrian pulls on a thick WINTER COAT and heads upstairs.
121) 0) text: Adrian walks briskly to his idling COPTER, propellers lou cutting through the air. Dan gives one last effort, shout
121) 2) dialog: Antarctica. It takes Dan a moment to realize Adrian is serious. By th Adrian's halfway into the helicopter.
121) 3) dialog: Good luck, Dan. He says it sincerely. Dan watches the helicopter fly off.
146) 0) text: The endless white blanket that is Antarctica is interrupt by a SPLASH OF COLOR in the distance. As we approach, we that the color is a BIO-DOME--a tropical RAINFOREST insid This is part of KARNAK: Adrian Veidt's Arctic Fortress.
147) 0) text: Adrian stands at the entrance of the Bio-Dome, amidst the exotic foliage, where a GROUP of SCIENTISTS and ENGINEERS gathered. They all hold CHAMPAGNE FLUTES--Adrian raises h glass for a toast when the HEAD SCIENTIST interrupts.
147) 2) dialog: By all means, Eric.
147) 11) dialog: I certainly hope so. The group applauds. Then they sip their champagne. All ex for Adrian The group goes around congratulating each other, when suddenly the Head Scientist COLLAPSES, choking. The other surround him, trying to help-- --when one by one they each start collapsing themselves-- POISONED by the champagne. Adrian regards them all, writhing on the floor, and leave
156) 0) text: Dan stares ahead, stoic. Thinking about Hollis, Laurie an Adrian. He glances at a MONITOR, tracking heat signatures There's a LARGE SIGNAL ahead. (CONTINUED)
160) 0) text: Adrian, dressed in his Ozymandias costume, sits alone in massive hall, opposite a wall of giant PLASMA-SCREENS whi show various television NEWS CHANNELS showing all the IMA OF WAR IN THE WORLD. Adrian sighs and hits the remote--the screens become ONE IMAGE--ALEXANDER THE GREAT slicing the Gordian Knot. By Adrian's feet is an exotic LYNX. Its unnatural beauty almost hides a feral danger in its eyes. Adrian pets the beast.
160) 1) dialog: See this painting? Alexander the Great. Before his conquest of Phoenicia, he struck North for Gordium, where the world's greatest puzzle waited. A great knot, impossible to untie. For a young man determined to rule the world, it was a challenge he couldn't resist. So he sliced it in two with his sword. Lateral thinking, you see. Suddenly the Lynx stands, GROWLS.
160) 2) dialog: What is it, girl? He hits the remote--the TV screens switch to MULTIPLE VIE OF Dan and Rorschach, heading toward Karnak.
160) 3) dialog: Ah. It's all right, girl. Everything's all right.
162) 0) text: Adrian watches Dan and Rorschach reach the door on the monitors. (CONTINUED)
162) 7) dialog: Really, getting even this far is an admirable effort, given their limitations. Of course the ice they're skating on is slippery and thinner than it looks. Let's hope they don't overstep themselves. On the monitors, Dan takes a LASER TORCH to the door.
162) 8) dialog: Let's hope they know when to stop.
163) 3) text: I don't understand any of this. Adrian's a pacifist. He's never killed anyone in his life. He's a vegetarian for Christ's sake!
165) 0) text: --the dining hall, where Adrian eats alone, at a long tab Though they're only a few yards away, Adrian doesn't appe to see them, hidden by some PILLARS. Dan and Rorschach signal to each other, quiet. Adrian eat --and Rorschach RUSHES him from behind-- --Adrian moves at the last second, grabs Rorschach's arm, ELBOWS him in the chest, spins and BACKHAND FISTS him, sending him flying back.
165) 1) dialog: Mind your manners. (CONTINUED)
165) 9) dialog: Now. What can I do for you?
165) 11) dialog: Yes.
165) 13) dialog: What we always intended--to improve the world. As Adrian speaks, Rorschach sneaks up behind him, with a FORK. He tries to stab Adrian in the back, but Adrian effortlessly dodges the blow, GRABS Rorschach's mask, TWI it, then KNEES him in the gut. Rorschach drops to the flo Adrian starts walking out of the hall. Dan helps Rorschac and they follow.
165) 14) dialog: I never intended to kill the Comedian-- that was an accident. Part of his duties as a government operative was to keep track of all former masked heroes, make sure there was no rocking of the boat. He must have liked Rorschach because he allowed him to continue to exist. I had thought that the Comedian might be incompetent, but he disproved that hypothesis when he discovered what was really going on. here in Karnak--no easy task. Even my staff was unaware--I made sure to keep each department separate. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
165) 21) dialog: The Comedian was appalled by my plan, but still, he understood the scope of what I was trying to accomplish. Frankly, I never thought he'd actually talk. But by the time he visited poor Moloch, he was cracking badly. So I had to kill him.
166) 0) text: As they enter the control hall, Rorschach moves to attack Adrian again when he and Dan hear a growl . the Lynx steps in between, protecting its master.
166) 1) dialog: After Blake, I neutralized Jon--a plan nearly a decade in the works after analyzing confidential psychological profiles which predicted his withdrawal from human existence. By then, Rorschach's mask theory, 'though erroneous, needed to be addressed, so I faked my own assassination--
166) 3) dialog: I suppose I'd have to be fast enough to catch the bullet then, wouldn't I? Adrian smiles enigmatically.
166) 4) dialog: After apprehending my own assassin, I shoved a cyanide capsule in his mouth, disposing of him, and soon after that, the journalist Doug Roth, tying up all the loose ends if you will. Then I knew nothing stood in the way of my triumph.
166) 6) dialog: I'm firing a beam of concentrated energy, synthesized from Dr. Manhattan himself, into the hearts of nine key regions around the globe, crossing all traditional politics and ideologies; (MORE) (CONTINUED)
166) 13) dialog: Paris, Tehran, Kashmir, Beijing, Taiwan, Pyongyang, London, Jerusalem, New York-- destroying approximately three million people.
166) 17) dialog: I understand your disbelief, Dan. When I began the plan ten years ago, my moral safeguards gave me pause at the necessary sacrifice. See, the Comedian was correct. What we were doing with the Watchmen was pointless--the savage nature of humankind would inevitably lead to the end of the world. So in order to save the world, I had to trick it--to frighten the world towards salvation with history's greatest practical joke.
166) 19) dialog: When? Dan, my dear friend, I am the smartest man in the world--do you seriously think I'd explain my master stroke if there remained even the slightest chance of you affecting it's outcome? (BEAT)
175) 0) text: PULL OUT FROM: The televisions--NEWS REPORTS from all ove the world, documenting the tragic destruction caused by D Manhattan. Dan turns away shaken. Rorschach boils. Adrian beams.
175) 9) dialog: Don't you understand? I've ended the war-- I've ended all wars. Because of their fear of ion, I've forced the world into everlasting peace.
175) 11) dialog: I wasn't playing God. Just Dr. Manhattan. Suddenly there's a LOUD BEEPING in the hall. The Lynx gro Adrian switches the monitors to the security cameras which show ion and Laurie materialize in the snow.
175) 12) dialog: Speak of the devil.
177) 0) text: Jon materializes in the hall. Adrian sprints like lighten out of the room, followed by the Lynx.
178) 9) dialog: Forgive me, girl. Jon enters the corridor with the Lynx; Adrian flicks a SWITCH. The Lynx' FUR STANDS ON END as ENERGY CRACKLES BETWEEN THE METAL WALLS. The Lynx HOWLS.
178) 11) dialog: You know, I really wasn't sure that would work.
178) 13) dialog: Adrian turns. Laurie aims the prison guard's pistol at hi
178) 24) dialog: Oh Dan. Grow up. Adrian exits as Dan helps the winded Laurie to her feet. Together, Rorschach, Dan and Laurie follow him back to:
179) 0) text: Adrian approaches his wall of TV screens when--
179) 6) dialog: Yes. Yes, you could say that. Adrian goes back to his wall of screens, watching the new reports. We hear SOUND BITES and IMAGES: "India and Pakis immediately call for truce," "China stands down," "US withdraws forces," "Israel agrees on cease fire." TEARS stand in Adrian's eyes. He raises his fists in triu
179) 7) dialog: I did it. I DID IT! I've saved Earth from Hell. Next, I will elevate her to the vaulting stature of Heaven.
179) 15) dialog: No? Will you expose me, undoing the peace so many have just died for? Morally, you're in checkmate, just like the Comedian was. Jon examines the many screens, taking it all in.
179) 41) dialog: Jon, I'd hoped to talk to you. I've made myself feel every death, see every innocent face I've murdered to save humanity--you understand, don't you?
179) 50) dialog: What's on your mind, Dan?
179) 52) dialog: Really. You want to kill me?
179) 54) dialog: That doesn't sound like you, Dan. That sounds more like Rorschach.
179) 56) dialog: Only you're not Rorschach, are you now? How do you expect to succeed where he failed?
179) 66) dialog: I have to say, I've always thought your choice of an owl was quite juvenile.
179) 69) dialog: I . don't regret my actions. I know in my heart . I did the right thing.
180) 0) text: Dan sits painfully in the passenger seat, as Laurie tries pilot the ship out of Adrian's bedroom.