34) 0) text: Laurie, dressed up and looking gorgeous, heads out when s stopped by a SECRET SERVICE AGENT FORBES.
34) 1) dialog: Going somewhere, Miss Jupiter?
34) 3) dialog: I'll have a car brought around in a few minutes.
34) 5) dialog: You look quite nice. Who are you meeting?
34) 7) dialog: Please keep in mind, Ms. Jupiter, that your boyfriend is this country's most valuable asset. You need to keep him happy. And on our side. Laurie glares at him.
62) 0) text: A White House PRESS AGENT escorts Dr. Manhattan to the se
62) 1) dialog: Just another reminder that if the second Geneva Convention comes up, our official position is that talks will not resume until the Chinese agree to exclude you from the agenda. The President approved this interview because he wanted to strengthen morale at home and to gently remind the rest of the world who holds the cards. Please keep that in mind. Dr. Manhattan stands off stage, waiting. The LIGHTS come and we're live with the glossy NEWS HOST. (CONTINUED)
62) 53) dialog: That's it! Interview's over! BACK TO: The alley, littered with the unconscious BODIES the Thugs. Laurie and Dan lean back on the wall, gasping air, horribly out of shape, but victorious. CUT TO: The TV studio, as Adrian and Security surround Dr Manhattan, trying to escort him out. The audience spills of the stands, RUSHING Dr. Manhattan with questions and, FLASHING cameras--it's madness. Adrian shoves a camera ou Dr. Manhattan's face.
69) 7) dialog: Ms. Jupiter, you need to come with us now.
70) 0) text: Agent Forbes escorts her into the room.
70) 2) dialog: I mean he snapped and disappeared during the interview. Now our trackers can't detect him anywhere on the planet. If we want to find him you're our only hope. A TECHNICIAN wires Laurie up; GRAPHS record Laurie's neur responses, MONITORS show satellite images.
70) 9) dialog: Have you got him? (CONTINUED)
70) 17) dialog: Well? Where the hell is he? The Technician looks up, not happy about the answer.
73) 1) dialog: There must be some way to contact him. Laurie sits in the room, largely forgotten.
73) 3) dialog: (distracted, annoyed) What?
75) 2) dialog: We're only detaining you for national security purposes. Don't you understand?