5) 1) dialog: Rorschach's Journal, October 12th. Earlier today I came across what appeared to be a suicide. It was later learned to be a homicide. Someone's time was up. Still in POV, we see the person pull something from his pocket--the happy face pin. We realize that this was the person whose POV we were in earlier.
5) 2) dialog: I discovered a clue. Something I recognized. And suddenly, unexpectedly . I heard my own clock ticking. We move out of the POV and see our guy for the first time RORSCHACH (roar-shock)--a masked vigilante who wears a tr coat, fedora, and a silver-white MASK with oily BLACK SPO moving about, creating shifting, doubled PATTERNS like a Rorschach test. Scary looking. Rorschach draws a hydraulic GRAPPLING GUN from his coat, FIRES the HOOK AND CABLE THIRTY STORIES UP where it latch itself through Blake's broken window. Pressing RETRACT, Rorschach FLIES UP THE WALL to the 30th floor.
6) 0) text: With a grunt, Rorschach pulls himself past the plastic sheeting, through the window, and into Blake's apartment. investigates, silent. He sees the same things that the co saw . . but he notices the speakers by the TV. Notices on of the speaker covers is ever so slightly askew. Rorschach pulls the speaker cover off and discovers that speaker was hollow. (The Intruder clearly took Blake's gu and put the cover back on when he left. Why?)
7) 0) text: Blake's clothing hangs in military rows. Rorschach runs h fingers along the wall-seams. He pauses, presses on the hanger BAR, which SLIDES BACK to reveal a RED BUTTON. Pressing it, the BACK WALL of the closet SLIDES OPEN, revealing a SECRET COMPARTMENT. On the wall is an old FRA PHOTO of EIGHT PEOPLE IN COSTUMES, from the 60s. Included this photo is a young Edward Blake--Blake wasn't a spook- was a superhero. WEAPONS of all kinds adorn the walls in here. TEAR-GAS, GRENADES, RIFLES, PISTOLS--if it can kill you Blake's got But that's not what draws Rorschach's attention. Hanging on the back wall, dead center, is a more current COSTUME. Black leather armor, gloves, boots. Hanging over all like a vacant, grinning face--a black leather MASK. Rorschach stares. Framed nearby is the FRONT PAGE OF THE BOSTON GLOBE. The headline reads "The Comedian Gets Last Laugh On Moloch." Underneath is a photo of Blake dressed the costume Rorschach was staring at--Blake was a superhe called the Comedian. In the photo, Blake holds a supervil named MOLOCH prisoner. (We'll meet Moloch later.) On the same page is a smaller photo of a group of superheroes. Rorschach is in the photo, as is Dr. Manhatt as is the Comedian. (As are DAN DREIBERG, ADRIAN VEIDT, a LAURIE JUPITER, all of whom we'll be meeting soon). The caption below reads: "The New Watchmen." Suddenly, Rorschach hears the front door open. He quickly closes the secret hatch.
14) 2) dialog: Hello Daniel. I helped myself to some beans. You don't mind?
14) 4) dialog: No need. (CONTINUED)
14) 12) dialog: Minor wound. Won't need hospitalization.
14) 14) dialog: Out of prison. So far. Look at this. He tosses Blake's happy face pin onto the table. Dan pick up, runs his fingers over the RED-BROWN SPLOTCH.
14) 16) dialog: Human bean juice. It belonged to the Comedian. He's dead.
15) 0) text: Rorschach follows Dan to a CLOSET, at the end of the hall Dan opens the closet, revealing an old BOOKSHELF. With so difficulty, Dan PULLS OPEN the HINGED BOOKSHELF with a RU CREAK. STEEL STAIRS lead down into the dark.
16) 7) dialog: Murder. Someone threw him out a window.
16) 9) dialog: An ordinary burglar? Kill the Comedian? Ridiculous.
16) 11) dialog: Maybe. Or maybe someone's decided to kill off costumed heroes.
16) 13) dialog: Is that what they're saying about me now? That I'm paranoid?
16) 15) dialog: One of our own has been murdered. I thought you might be interested. An attack on one is an attack on all of us, right? Dan hesitates.
16) 17) dialog: Yes. I know that. Anyways, I thought I'd let you know. Just in case. (CONTINUED)
16) 25) dialog: I remember. Used to come here a lot. Back when we were partners.
16) 27) dialog: You quit. Rorschach disappears into the SUBWAY TUNNEL, leaving Dan reminisce alone. Dan glances at his old costume hanging.
17) 3) dialog: Quiet, whore. (CONTINUED)
21) 4) text: Sara can be tough. Is that why you came to see me? You're worried about this mask killer theory Rorschach's conjured up?
25) 0) text: A SIGN posted on a RAZOR-WIRE FENCE reads: ROCKEFELLER MILITARY RESEARCH CENTER. An M16-toting GUARD stands at t gate. We move into Rorschach's POV as he approaches the gate. T guard has no reaction to Rorschach-- --because Rorschach is in disguise, wearing the Army Officer's uniform he stole. Rorschach presents his ID. Th Guard waves him through.
26) 0) text: Rorschach ditches the uniform in the trash and puts his m on. He quietly enters--
27) 2) dialog: Dr. Manhattan. Dr. Manhattan continues about his business when his girlfriend, LAURIE JUPITER, 30, very much in her prime, enters from the other end.
27) 4) dialog: Nice to see you too, Silk Spectre.
27) 12) dialog: Sorry, Miss Jupiter. I thought I should tell you the bad news--the Comedian has been murdered.
27) 14) dialog: I have my own theories. But neither of you seem too concerned.
27) 17) dialog: Sounds like you may have had a score to settle. You or your mother.
29) 1) dialog: --I'm not here to judge the moral discrepancies of a man who died in service of his country.
29) 4) dialog: I came here to warn you both, just like I warned Adrian and Dan. I believe someone may be targeting masked heroes--
29) 12) dialog: It took a lot of effort to get in here. I'm not leaving before I've-- With a look, Dr. Manhattan makes Rorschach disappear.
30) 0) text: Rorschach materializes down the road from the base.
30) 1) dialog: --had my say Rorschach realizes what just happened. Checks himself, hi surroundings. Reorients himself. With nothing else he can he heads down the road.
45) 5) dialog: That's true. But something like this seems too big. Too bureaucratic.
45) 16) dialog: Of course it does. Justice matters.
51) 0) text: Moloch goes to the REFRIGERATOR, opens it. Then stops, staring. There is a scrawled NOTE inside. Moloch picks it in spiky handwriting it reads: "LOOK BEHIND YOU." Over Moloch's shoulder Rorschach's hat-brim TILTS UP. As Moloch turns, Rorschach lunges, PINS Moloch's ARM behind back and SLAMS him to the floor.
51) 1) dialog: Edgar William Jacobi. Also known as Edgar William Vaughn. Also known as William Edgar Bright. Also known as Moloch.
51) 9) dialog: Lie again, I'll break your arm.
51) 11) dialog: You attended a funeral today. Why?
51) 13) dialog: How did you know Blake was the Comedian?
51) 15) dialog: You were enemies for forty years. Why would he visit you?
51) 17) dialog: The Comedian? Crying?
51) 19) dialog: What did he say?!
51) 27) dialog: Scared of what?!
51) 29) dialog: Hm. Funny story. Sounds unbelievable. Probably true. Rorschach glances around the kitchen. He opens some drawe looking inside. He picks up a stack of MAIL, flips throug it. One of the envelopes contains a PENSION CHECK from "Pyramid Industries."
51) 31) dialog: Clean? I searched your house. Found illegal drugs.
51) 33) dialog: Laetril. Phony medication made from apricot pits. Illegal.
51) 35) dialog: What kind of cancer?
51) 37) dialog: Fine. You're off the hook, for now. If you remember anything else, leave me a note in the trash can opposite the Gunga Diner at Fortieth and Seventh. Keep out of trouble, Moloch.
52) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Rorschach blasting through the night air as the city streams by. This close, he appears to be flying.
52) 1) dialog: Rorschach's Journal, October 17th. Thought about Moloch's story on my way to the cemetery. Could all be lies. A scheme for revenge planned during his years behind bars. CUT WIDE: To reveal he is actually PERCHED ATOP AN ELEVAT SUBWAY CAR. Just one way he gets around.
52) 2) dialog: But if it's true, then what? What could have possibly scared the Comedian? What building was he talking about? What was it that he saw? So many questions.
53) 0) text: Rorschach stands alone over Blake's fresh grave. Paying h proper respects.
53) 1) dialog: Edward Blake--the Comedian. Born 1944, buried in the rain. Murdered. FLASH TO: Blake, the night of his murder, turning as his is kicked in.
53) 2) dialog: Violent lives ending violently. FLASH TO: Adrian's display burning.
53) 3) dialog: Blake understood. Humans are violent in nature. No matter how much you try to dress it up, to disguise it. FLASHES OF: The group photo of the old Watchmen. Then the photo of the new Watchmen.
53) 4) dialog: Blake saw the true face of human kind and chose to become a parody of it, treated it like a joke. FLASHES OF: Blake being beaten in his apartment. (CONTINUED)
53) 11) dialog: I heard a joke once. Man goes to a doctor, says he's depressed. Life seems harsh and cruel. Blake is KICKED in the stomach.
53) 12) dialog: Says he feels all alone in a threatening world. Blake stands alone in the blowing tear gas smoke.
53) 13) dialog: Doctor says, "the treatment is simple. The great clown Pagliacci is in town tonight. Go and see him. That should pick you up." Blake is lifted up by the Intruder's hands.
53) 14) dialog: The man bursts into tears. A bloodied Blake laughs at the Intruder.
53) 15) dialog: "But doctor," he says. ULTRA-SLOW, Blake crashes through his apartment window.
53) 16) dialog: "I am Pagliacci." Blake FLIES TOWARD FRAME on his silent trip to the ground
53) 17) dialog: Good joke. Everybody laugh. Blake FALLS INTO FRAME--GO BLACK .
68) 0) text: Outside Watchmen HQ, Dan's Owl Ship rises out of view. Rorschach skulks off into the shadows. Dr. Manhattan and Janey Slater get into a Town Car as young Laurie watches around the corner.
76) 0) text: Dan sleeps peacefully in his bed when a SHADOW moves over . dropping a NEWSPAPER on his LAP, waking Dan with a gasp. Rorschach hovers beside the bed.
76) 2) dialog: Good morning, Daniel. I brought in your paper. Dan reads the headline: "DR. MANHATTAN LEAVES EARTH."
76) 3) dialog: The Comedian murdered. Dr. Manhattan exiled. Two of us gone within a week. Who's next? Veidt? Ms. Jupiter? Me? You? Rorschach turns for the door as Dan reads the story.
76) 4) dialog: By the way, that new lock broke after one shove.
76) 6) dialog: Get a stronger one, Daniel. You can't be too security conscious these days.
76) 8) dialog: These days nobody's safe. We see the same Pakistani Soldiers from before, only now there are dozens more TROOPS with them, mobilizing on the border as are their Indian counterparts-- (CONTINUED)
81) 0) text: We're in Rorschach's POV as he walks down the street. Fro the non-reaction of passers by, he obviously doesn't have mask on.
81) 1) dialog: Rorschach's Journal, October 19th. Someone tried to kill Adrian Veidt. Proves mask killer theory--the murderer is closing in. Pyramid Industries is the key. Rorschach approaches a TRASH CAN. He rummages through it finds an ENVELOPE. He opens it and finds a NOTE that read "Tonight 11:30, M."
81) 2) dialog: Checked mail drop, got a message from Moloch. Was just going to pay him a visit. Rorschach turns down an alley, approaches a DUMPSTER. He reaches behind the dumpster.
81) 3) dialog: My things are where I left them. My coat. My gloves (CONTINUED)
81) 10) dialog: . my face. Rorschach pulls his mask on, FILLING THE SCREEN
82) 0) text: CLOSE ON: MOLOCH'S EYES staring fearfully out the rainy window. Rorschach APPEARS in the darkness behind him.
82) 1) dialog: Somebody tried to shoot the world's smartest man today, Moloch. Moloch sits at the kitchen table. CLOSE ON: MOLOCH'S HAND ignored CIGARETTE smolders. In his other hand, a NOTE.
82) 2) dialog: The hitman worked for Pyramid Industries. So did Janey Slater and everyone else Dr. Manhattan allegedly gave cancer to. And last time I was here, I saw a pension check sent to you from the same company-- obviously a front set up by whoever it is that killed the Comedian, that pushed Dr. Manhattan over the edge, that wants us masks dead. Is that why you left me a note in my mail drop? You have something to confess? Rorschach turns. A HOLE gapes between Moloch's staring ey A PISTOL lies on the table--Moloch's dead. Rorschach carefully pulls the NOTE from Moloch's hand. It the note Rorschach had left in Moloch's refrigerator, the that reads: "LOOK BEHIND YOU." Behind Rorschach, BLINDING LIGHT GLARES THROUGH THE WINDO
82) 5) dialog: No.
82) 14) dialog: No. No, no, no
82) 18) dialog: Framed. Set up. Walked right into it. Stupid, stupid, stupid.
82) 21) dialog: Heh. Never. Never surrender. Rorschach takes an AEROSOL CAN and a PEPPER SHAKER.
82) 24) dialog: When you are
85) 8) dialog: Ten years. I've waited for this. He beckons them forward. The cops PILE INTO HIM. Rorschac brutally disables six cops before he is overwhelmed.
85) 9) dialog: No pain. Must get up. Find who framed me-- A Cop KICKS HIM in the throat. Rorschach drops again.
85) 12) dialog: No no no NO NO NO! The Cop peels back the shifting mask to reveal the Homele Man from the news stand. He screams at them wildly.
85) 13) dialog: My face! Give it back to me! Rorschach is finally beaten, surrounded by cops, as Moloc house blazes in the background.
85) 14) dialog: 
86) 0) text: Dan is at the front door, fixing the lock Rorschach buste twice, when Laurie comes down the stairs, yawning.
87) 0) text: Rorschach walks, led by TWO CORRECTIONAL OFFICERS. From t cells, PRISONERS shout insults, death threats. Rorschach stares ahead. Silent. Calm.
88) 0) text: The PRISON PSYCHIATRIST, Black, amiable, a mite portly, s across the table from Rorschach sans mask: Cold and frightening. The Psychiatrist reads his FILE.
88) 2) dialog: No. The Psychiatrist sits back, considering Rorschach careful
88) 9) dialog: A prison is a prison.
88) 12) dialog: A pretty butterfly. The Psychiatrist holds up another blot-card.
88) 14) dialog: Some nice flowers. The Psychiatrist eyes him, dubious. Holds up another card FLASH OF: Rorschach as a little boy looking up at TWO OLD BOYS, teasing him. Calling him "son of a whore." Rorschac just wants to be left alone when one of the Boys SPITS in face. Suddenly, Rorschach's face changes. He attacks the like a wild animal--biting, clawing .
88) 15) dialog: Clouds. The Psychiatrist sighs, puts the cards down.
88) 17) dialog: Why are you here with me, doctor?
88) 25) dialog: There's other men in here with behavior more extreme than mine. Of course, they're not famous. You want to know about Rorschach, doctor? I'll tell you about Rorschach
89) 0) text: Rorschach, walks through intermittent STREETLIGHTS. In hi GLOVE, he holds a PHOTO of an angelic SIX YEAR OLD GIRL.
89) 1) dialog: I was investigating a kidnap case. Blair Roche, 6 year old girl. I was young then. Too soft on criminals. I let them live.
90) 0) text: A creepy, deserted-looking house. Rorschach peers through slatted fence at TWO GERMAN SHEPHERDS FIGHTING.
90) 1) dialog: Broke a man's arm to get a tip. Led me to the missing girl's location.
91) 0) text: CRACK! The front door is KICKED OPEN, smashing the lock. Rorschach moves between a line of headless MANNEQUINS. In corner rests an old WOOD-BURNING STOVE. Rorschach peers inside, removes a BLACKENED scrap of UNDERWEAR. It's decorated with little hearts and bears.
91) 1) dialog: I knew the girl was here. But when I searched the place I found nothing.
92) 0) text: Rorschach enters the kitchen. Out the window, the DOGS ar fighting. Rorschach opens a cupboard, where a line of KNI CLEAVERS and a HACKSAW hang on hooks. Outside, the snarli dogs get LOUDER. Slowly now, Rorschach's gaze moves from the knives . to the counter. He runs his gloved finger along RED STAINED, DEEP-CUT GROOVES in a THICK WOODEN CHOPPING BLOCK. Blood. gaze continues out the window
92) 1) dialog: And then I found her. (CONTINUED)
93) 1) dialog: It was dark when the murderer got back. As dark as it gets.
95) 0) text: He tries the light in here. Nothing again. He turns away the BODY of a DEAD GERMAN SHEPARD CRASHES THROUGH THE WIN He SCRAMBLES through the warehouse, falling over mannequi He FIRES madly into the dark. The SECOND DOG SMASHES INTO FROM A SECOND WINDOW. His gun goes flying. He scrambles backward against the stove. FROM BEHIND, Rorschach CUFFS THE MAN'S WRIST TO THE STOVE When the Child Molester sees that "face," he loses his bladder. Rorschach just stares, mask-blots shifting
95) 3) dialog: Men get arrested. Rorschach RAISES THE CLEAVER, high over his head (CONTINUED)
96) 1) dialog: A tremor of impact shook my arm. Warm blood splashed my face. It was Walter Kovacs who screamed, who closed his eyes-- it was Rorschach who opened them again. The silence reels out RORSCHACH (cont'd) You see, Doctor. God didn't kill that little girl, fate didn't butcher her and destiny didn't feed her to those dogs. If God saw what any of us did that night, he didn't seem to mind. From then on, I knew. God doesn't make the world this way. We do. The Psychiatrist rises shakily. He crosses to the GUARD.
97) 0) text: The Mess hall is PACKED, hundreds of INMATES eat dinner. Rorschach enters. The place goes instantly, heavily SILEN Suddenly someone yells:
97) 9) dialog: None of you understand. I'm not locked up in here with you. Rorschach is placidly dragged off INTO DARKNESS
97) 10) dialog: You're locked up in here with me.
102) 0) text: Rorschach sits in his cell, staring impassively at the wa
102) 8) dialog: Big Figure. Small world.
102) 12) dialog: Tall order.
115) 6) text: I think we should spring Rorschach.
117) 0) text: The Prisoner Rorschach burned lies in bed, his face completely bandaged, hooked to an IV . . when he FLATLINE
118) 3) dialog: Fat chance. The Fat Thug reddens. He DIVES forward, HANDS SWIPING for Rorschach.
118) 5) dialog: Your hands. My pleasure. Rorschach SNAPS Fat Thug's pinky fingers. Fat Thug SHRIEK Rorschach roughly binds the fingers around the bars. Dumb Thug tries to reach the welder around Fat Thug's bod
118) 16) dialog: One-nothing. Come and get me.
122) 0) text: Dumb Thug WELDS, the lock GLOWS RED. Nearly through. Rorschach backs away from the door as Big Figure trembles excitement.
122) 7) dialog: Hmm. Never disposed of sewage with a toilet before. Obvious, really. Big Figure looks very small and alone now
122) 8) dialog: Two-nothing. Your move. Panic stricken, Big Figure moves, or rather, runs. Rorsch calmly follows him out of the cell.
128) 0) text: Big Figure runs, turns a corner, ducking into the BATHROO Rorschach sees this and walks serenely after him . when Dan and Laurie enter the far hall.
128) 3) dialog: Hello, Daniel, Ms. Jupiter. Excuse me, I just have to visit the men's room. He disappears into the dark bathroom. Laurie watches afte him in stunned disbelief.
128) 6) dialog: We can leave now. He walks off.
128) 8) dialog: Good Advice. I'm sure there are many who'd agree with you. Behind them: BLOODY WATER FLOODS from the bathroom door a they go.
129) 7) dialog: Good to see you in uniform, Daniel. What happened? Finally taking the mask-killer seriously?
129) 9) dialog: Of course you haven't been attacked yet. Funny, most everyone else has.
131) 2) dialog: I believe so. Rorschach sits in the pilot's seat. Dan turns to Laurie, on adrenaline and love. Dan moves in to kiss her--
131) 3) dialog: Daniel.
131) 5) dialog: I don't think this can wait. (CONTINUED)
131) 24) dialog: No time for heartbreak, Daniel. (CONTINUED)
135) 2) dialog: Tactical error, Daniel.
140) 1) dialog: I hate this. How long are we going to stay down here? Daniel! Dan says nothing. Rorschach puts on his costume.
140) 2) dialog: You're letting fear paralyze you. And that woman--
140) 4) dialog: Unnecessary? Cowering in the sludge, from the authorities, that's unnecessary. Rorschach pulls his mask on, turns.
140) 5) dialog: While we waste time, the mask-killer gets closer. We need to get to Pyramid Industries. Dan sits at the COMPUTER.
140) 13) dialog: Sitting at a computer? No. We need to trace the killer--hit up underworld contacts, squeeze people. You've forgotten how we do things. You've been lazing around too long.
140) 16) dialog: 
140) 18) dialog: You are a good friend. I'm sorry that it is sometimes difficult with me. Touched, Dan shakes his hand. An awkward, lovely moment.
143) 0) text: The Owl-Ship approaches the large warehouse building that Pyramid Industries. The ship lands in the alley nearby. Dan and Rorschach exit the ship. Shady neighborhood. Rorschach goes to the door which is AJAR
144) 0) text: Dan and Rorschach slowly make their way down, peering int ROOMS. The place looks abandoned--scattered papers, dusty file cabinets, leftover computer components
144) 1) dialog: You sure this is the correct location, Daniel?
145) 8) dialog: Daniel.
145) 10) dialog: Daniel. Rorschach is looking down at something. Dan heads over an sees a DEAD BODY in the early stages of decomposition. He turns the body over--bullet between the eyes just like Mo . but we recognize the corpse--it's journalist Doug Roth.
145) 12) dialog: Yes. Doug Roth. Journalist who grilled Dr. Manhattan on national television.
145) 14) dialog: Hmm. Journalist set up Dr. Manhattan, was probably working to set up Veidt also. Dan stands there thinking. As if hit with an epiphany. He opens his mouth like he can't believe what he's going to
145) 16) dialog: Veidt? Behind everything? Makes no sense. (CONTINUED)
145) 24) dialog: That doesn't explain the attempt on Veidt's life.
145) 26) dialog: But why?
149) 0) text: Hearing SCREAMS outside, Rorschach bursts out of the
149) 9) dialog: Not now, Daniel.
150) 1) dialog: Rorschach's Journal. Final entry? Dreiberg is convinced that Veidt is behind everything. Apparently, the Owl- Ship is capable of the trip to Antarctica, but are we? I cannot imagine a more dangerous opponent. Veldt is faster than Dreiberg and myself. He used to joke that he was fast enough to catch a bullet. I believe he could. He could kill us both, alone in' the snow. No one would know. Rorschach descends the ladder, goes to the door of the building. He places his JOURNAL in an ENVELOPE.
150) 2) dialog: I have done my best to make this legible. Whether I am alive or dead upon this reading, know that whatever the nature of this conspiracy--Adrian Veldt is responsible. He drops the envelope into the MAIL SLOT, climbs back up ladder.
150) 3) dialog: I appreciate your recent support and hope the world survives long enough for this to reach you. For my own part, I regret nothing. I have lived my life free of compromise, and step now into the shadow without complaint. Rorschach. October 21st. (CONTINUED)
156) 8) text: We're not going to make it, are we? Rorschach says nothing . when a halting WHINE sputters from the engines. A HUGE CLIFF APPEARS before them.
156) 9) dialog: The engines--
158) 2) dialog: Fine like this.
159) 0) text: Rorschach pulls up his trench-collar against the bitter w Dan pulls two stand-up HOVER-SCOOTERS from an OUTSIDE HAT They exchange a look and ride the scooters off into the s
162) 0) text: Adrian watches Dan and Rorschach reach the door on the monitors. (CONTINUED)
163) 4) dialog: Hitler was a vegetarian. If you're squeamish, leave him to me. We won't get a second chance.
164) 0) text: Dan and Rorschach pass the wall of plasma screens into--
165) 0) text: --the dining hall, where Adrian eats alone, at a long tab Though they're only a few yards away, Adrian doesn't appe to see them, hidden by some PILLARS. Dan and Rorschach signal to each other, quiet. Adrian eat --and Rorschach RUSHES him from behind-- --Adrian moves at the last second, grabs Rorschach's arm, ELBOWS him in the chest, spins and BACKHAND FISTS him, sending him flying back.
166) 0) text: As they enter the control hall, Rorschach moves to attack Adrian again when he and Dan hear a growl . the Lynx steps in between, protecting its master.
166) 15) dialog: He's not. Listen to his voice.
175) 0) text: PULL OUT FROM: The televisions--NEWS REPORTS from all ove the world, documenting the tragic destruction caused by D Manhattan. Dan turns away shaken. Rorschach boils. Adrian beams.
175) 8) dialog: Impersonated Dr. Manhattan. Murdered millions of people. (re: Lynx) Call off your cat. Call off your cat and face me!
177) 1) dialog: No, don't let him escape!
179) 20) dialog: You're joking, of course. Rorschach walks toward the exit.
179) 22) dialog: Never. Not even in the face of Armageddon. Never compromise. Adrian and Jon's eyes meet--an unspoken communication. Se this, Dan runs after Rorschach.
179) 25) dialog: Back to the Owl-Ship. Back to America. People must be told. Evil must be punished. (CONTINUED)
179) 33) dialog: Suddenly you've rediscovered humanity? If you had cared from the start, none of this would be necessary. None of this would have happened. So what are you waiting for? Do it.
179) 36) dialog: 