0) 319) text: The door opens and the eleven German prisoners march down the passage and into the room under an escort with fixed  bayonets. The prisoners have none of the colourful appear of the Ulans of 1902. All the same they are defiant altho not arrogant, as Nazi prisoners would be. They remain gra and serious all through the scene. Outside it is almost d and the rain has got heavier. The wind has got up. [[When the prisoners come in an Orderly brings in three or four  candles stuck in bottles and one oil-lamp with a cracked smoky chimney and no shade. Another Orderly blacks out th windows. The escort lines the prisoners up against the wa During all this action, VAN ZIJL reads aloud from the Ger paper to the GENERAL.
0) 322) text: He is watching the prisoners as he listens.
0) 326) text: CLIVE smiles and walks over to the line of prisoners. The have heard VAN ZIJL reading Ludendorff's appeal but they  have given no sign of having understood.] GENERAL CANDY walks down the line, examining each prisone closely. He stops and walks back to a commanding position front of them.
0) 334) dialog: I do speak.
0) 336) dialog: I don't know.
0) 338) dialog: I don't know.
0) 341) dialog: No.
0) 343) dialog: I know nothing about a bridge...
0) 378) dialog: Who knows?
0) 380) text: MAJOR VAN ZIJL [[comes in.  He]] goes straight up to the  English-speaking prisoner who looks at him in a very diff way than he looked at GENERAL CANDY.
0) 389) text: They go out. The two remaining Tommies exchange uneasy lo So do the prisoners.
0) 391) text: PRISONER makes no answer: he is listening.  A command rin out: 'Fire!'  There is a volley, other ominous sounds.  Footsteps are heard leaving the yard and coming back to t kitchen.
0) 393) dialog: You cannot shoot us - there is an  international convention about  prisoners!
0) 399) dialog: You can take the tall one. I've found  another interpreter.
0) 401) dialog: I protest!  
0) 405) dialog: Please - Herr Kommandant - I want to  speak to the others in German.
0) 419) dialog: This is against international Law...
0) 421) dialog: No!
0) 628) text: He breaks off. Something in the report has caught his eye He reads it with interest. MURDOCH straightens up and wip his hands. He has finished. He watches his officer. INSERT: Item in the official report [(only the name is  visible). [['On being questioned about their senior offic the prisoners admitted that, among others, Oberst]] Krets Schuldorff [[had been taken prisoner by the British, and believed now to be a prisoner of war in England...' CLIVE is so interested in this news that he quite forgets how it was obtained.