1) 0) text: A black sedan with tinted windows glides in through the  police cruisers. AGENT SMITH and AGENT BROWN get out of the car. They wear dark suits and sunglasses even at night.  They  are also always hardwired; small Secret Service earphones in one ear, its cord coiling back into their shirt collars.
1) 8) text: Agent Smith nods to Agent Brown as they start toward the hotel.
3) 0) text: Agent Brown enters the hotel, while Agent Smith heads for the alley.
5) 0) text: She bursts out of the room as Agent Brown enters the hall leading another unit of police.  Trinity races to the  opposite end, exiting through a broken window onto the  fire escape.
7) 0) text: On the roof, Trinity is running as Agent Brown rises over the parapet, leading the cops in pursuit. Trinity begins to jump from one roof to the next, her  moverents so clean, gliding in and out of each jump, contrasted to the wild jumps of the cops. Agent Brown, however, has the same unnatural grace. The METAL SCREAM of an EL TRAIN is heard and Trinity  turns to it, racing for the back of the building. The edge falls away into a wide back alley.  The next  building is over 40 feet away, but Trinity's face is  perfectly calm, staring at some point beyond the other  roof. The cops slow, realizing they are about to see something  ugly as Trinity drives at the edge, launching herself  into the air. From above, the ground seems to flow beneath her as she  hangs in flight Then hitting, somersaulting up, still running hard.
7) 2) text: They stare, slack-jawed, as Agent Brown duplicates the  move exactly, landing, rolling over a shoulder, up onto  one knee. Just below the building are the runbling tracks of  riveted steel.  The TRAIN SCREECHES beneath her, a  rattling blur of gray metal.  Trinity junps, landing easily. She looks back just as Agent Brown hurls through the air  barely reaching the last car Agent Brown stands, yanking out a gun. Trinity is running hard as BULLETS WHISTLE past her head. Ahead she sees her only chance, 50 feet beyond the point  where the train has begun to turn, there is -- A window; a yellow glow in the midst of a dark brick building. Trinity zeroes in on it, running as hard as she can, her  speed compounded by the train.  The SCREAM of the STEEL  rises as she nears the edge where the train rocks into th turn. Trinity hurtles into the empty night space, her body  leveling into a dive.  She falls, arms covering her head as -- The whole world seems to spin on its axis -- And she crashes with an EXPLOSION of GLASS and WOOD, then falls onto a back stairwell, tumbling, bouncing down stairs bleeding, broken -- But still alive. Through the smashed window, she glimpses Agent Brown, still on the train, his tie and coat whipping in the wind; stone-faced, he touches his ear piece as the train  slides him past the window. Trinity tries to move.  Everything hurts.
16) 24) text: His head slowly peeks up over the partition. At the elevator, he sees Agent Brown and Agent Jones leading a group of cops.  A female employee turns and points out Neo's cubicle. Neo ducks.
97) 0) text: Agent Brown hears Smith on his earphone.
101) 1) dialog: Where are they?
147) 8) text: Morpheus is handcuffed to a chair, stripped to the waist. He is bleeding from numerous wounds and is pumped full of serum, alternately shivering and sweating.  He is hooked up to various monitors with white disk electrodes. Agent Brown begins running a trace program.
149) 2) text: Agent Brown sucks a serum from a glass vial, filling a hypodermic needle.
149) 4) text: Agent Brown jams the needle into Morpheus' shoulder, and plunges down.
149) 6) text: Agent Brown studies the screens as the life signs react violently to the injection.
154) 2) dialog: Perhaps we are asking the wrong questions.
154) 5) dialog: How?
154) 9) text: Agent Brown and Jones look at each other.
158) 13) dialog: What were you doing?
163) 2) dialog: They are actually attacking.
171) 3) text: The GUN jumps and BULLETS EXPLODE through the WINDOW in a cacophony of CRASHING GLASS -- As the Agents go for their weapons. But Neo is too close, the .50 CALIBER too fast and BULLETS are everywhere, perforating the room. Agent Smith is hit first, his body jack-knifing back, blood arcing out with a sudden flash of light -- Then Agent Brown, his GUN still FIRING as his body falls. And finally Agent Jones. Neo stares at Morpheus, trying to will him into action.
177) 1) dialog: The trace was completed.
177) 3) dialog: The extermination unit is in place.
194) 3) text: Neo glances to his right and sees Agent Brown, now driving the car beside his.  Agent Brown swerves, slamming into him.
194) 5) text: Neo fights the steering wheel as Agent Brown pushes the car up over the median.
195) 0) text: Three figures silhouette by the burning wreckage become the three agents. Further down the street, Neo hauls his broken, bleeding ass. Agents Brown and Smith slow, touching their ear-pieces as Agent Jones continues chasing full-bore. Neo spins around a corner, racing toward a hotel called: the Heart of Chicago Hotel. Only Agent Jones is behind him now. Neo dives into the alley.  At the far end he sees Agent Brown charging.  Neo leaps for the fire escape and begins to climb.
201) 0) text: Neo can hear the PHONE RINGING. 305...  304... Agent Brown reaches the broken window behind him just as Neo grabs the handle of 303, throwing open the door to find -- Agent Sniith, waiting, .45 cocked. Neo can't move -- can't think -- BOOM.
205) 0) text: Kneeling beside him, Agent Brown checks his vital signs.
205) 1) dialog: He's gone.