8) 0) text: Trinity emerges from the shadows of an alley and, at the  end of the block, in a pool of white street light, she sees it. The telephone booth. Obviously hurt, she starts down the concrete walk, focusing in completely, her pace quickening, as the PHONE begins to RING. Across the street, a garbage truck suddenly u-turns, its  TIRES SCREAMING as it accelerates. Trinity sees the headlights on the truck arcing at the telephone booth as if taking aim. Gritting through the pain, she races the truck -- Slamming into the booth, the headlights blindingly bright, bearing down on the box of Plexiglas just as -- She answers the phone. There is a frozen instant of silence before the hulking  mass of dark metal lurches up onto the sidewalk -- Barreling through the booth, bulldozing it into a brick wall, smashing it to Plexiglas pulp. After a moment, a black loafer steps down from the cab of the garbage truck.  Agent Smith inspects the wreckage. There is no body.  Trinity is gone. His jaw sets as he grinds his molars in frustration. AGENT JONES walks up behind him.
8) 2) dialog: Their next target.  The name is Neo.
8) 5) dialog: It's already begun.
16) 24) text: His head slowly peeks up over the partition. At the elevator, he sees Agent Brown and Agent Jones leading a group of cops.  A female employee turns and points out Neo's cubicle. Neo ducks.
121) 0) text: Cuff ed and beaten, Morpheus is thrown into a caged transport vehicle.  The DOOR CLANGS shut. Agent Jones finds Agent Smith.
121) 1) dialog: The others were lost.
121) 3) text: Agent Jones nods.
144) 0) text: A Japanese luxury hotel in downtown Chicago. A military helicopter sets down on the roof.  Heavily armed Marines begin to deploy. Agent Jones gets out of the helicopter, flanked by columns of Marines.  They open the roof access door and enter the top-floor maintenance level of the hotel.
147) 1) dialog: There is a problem.  Reagan has failed to secure the hardware.
147) 4) dialog: But if Reagan has failed, why haven't they pulled the plug?
154) 3) dialog: Or he doesn't know.
158) 15) dialog: You don't know.
160) 0) text: Agent Jones looks at Morpheus.
160) 1) dialog: I think they're trying to save him.
163) 1) dialog: Lower level --
166) 2) text: Agent Jones nods and touches his ear piece.
167) 2) text: Suddenly his face, his whole body dissolves, consumed by spreading locust-like swarm, of STATIC as -- Agent Jones emerges. Just as she drops the last Marine, Trinity sees what's coming. Neo sees her, the fear in her face, and he knows what is behind him. Screaming, he whirls, GUNS filling his hands with thought-speed. Fingers PUMPING, SHELLS ejecting, dancing up and away, we look through the sights and gun smoke at -- The Agent blurred with motion -- Until the HAMMERS CLICK against empty metal.
167) 4) text: Agent Jones charges.
167) 6) text: His GUN BOOMS as we enter the liquid space of -- Bullet-time. The AIR SIZZLES with wads of lead-like angry flies as Neo twists, bends, ducks just between them. Agent Jones still running, narrows the gap, the BULLETS coming faster until -- Neo bent impossibly back, one hand on the ground as a spiraling gray ball shears open his shoulder. He starts to scream as another digs a red groove across his thigh. He has only time to look up, to see the barrel when Agent Jones, standing over him, pulls the TRIGGER the final time. CLICK.  Empty. Neo rolls, reaching for another gun when around-house kick snaps his jaw.  Agent Jones grabs the gun and levels it at Neo.
167) 7) dialog: Only human...
167) 8) text: Suddenly Agent Jones stops.  Something is wrong.  He scans the roof.  Trinity is gone. Immediately, he whirls around and turns straight into the muzzle of her .45 -- Jammed right into his head.
170) 0) text: Marines, trying to communicate with the men on the roof, are beginning to panic when Agent Jones comes around the corner.
170) 2) dialog: Remain at your posts.
170) 4) dialog: You will do as you are ordered!
170) 6) text: Agent Jones marches into the Presidential Suite.
171) 0) text: Agent Jones throws open the bedroom door and enters, walking through the puddles pooling in the carpet. Over the RUSHING WATER and the ALARMS, Agent Smith hears a SOUND and understands the seriousness of the attack. He turns to the wall of windows as the helicopter drops
171) 3) text: The GUN jumps and BULLETS EXPLODE through the WINDOW in a cacophony of CRASHING GLASS -- As the Agents go for their weapons. But Neo is too close, the .50 CALIBER too fast and BULLETS are everywhere, perforating the room. Agent Smith is hit first, his body jack-knifing back, blood arcing out with a sudden flash of light -- Then Agent Brown, his GUN still FIRING as his body falls. And finally Agent Jones. Neo stares at Morpheus, trying to will him into action.
177) 2) dialog: We have their position.
177) 4) dialog: Order the strike.
195) 0) text: Three figures silhouette by the burning wreckage become the three agents. Further down the street, Neo hauls his broken, bleeding ass. Agents Brown and Smith slow, touching their ear-pieces as Agent Jones continues chasing full-bore. Neo spins around a corner, racing toward a hotel called: the Heart of Chicago Hotel. Only Agent Jones is behind him now. Neo dives into the alley.  At the far end he sees Agent Brown charging.  Neo leaps for the fire escape and begins to climb.