21) 0) text: It is three a.m., and the train carries the usual urban night crawlers.  Neo sits alone, eyes shifting, watching everything nervously. There is a METAL BANG and TRAIN CLATTER fills the car as the door is opened. Neo turns and sees a large man enter.  He is wearing sunglasses and a black leather jacket.  His name is APOC and he walks straight at Neo.
21) 1) dialog: Come with me.
21) 2) text: Neo stands just as the door at the opposite end opens and two police officers rush in, drawing their guns. Apoc grabs Neo, muscling him to the nearest exit.  There is no upcoming station. Apoc yanks the emergency brake and the train buckles against its own speed.  The cops are thrown back.  Neo slams against the metal rail. The doors open onto nothing and just when Neo regains his balance, Apoc shoves him backwards -- He flies out from the train, arms windrilling as he falls from, the raised tracks -- Hurtling towards a busy city street when, out of nowhere, a truck races under him and -- He crashes into a large dumpster-bed filled with empty boxes.
27) 55) text: He leads Neo into the other room, which is cramped with high-tech equipment, glowing ash-bliie and electric green from the racks of monitors. Trinity, Apoc and Cypher look up as they enter.
27) 62) dialog: Almost.
27) 65) dialog: That's right.
27) 80) text: Distantly, through the ear phones, he hears Apoc POUNDING on a KEYBOARD.  Sweat beads his face.  His eyes blink and twitch when he notices the mirror. Wide-eyed he stares as it begins to heal itself, a webwork of cracks that slowly run together as though the mirror were becoming liquid.
27) 82) text: Cypher works with Apoc checking reams of phosphorescent data.  Trinity monitors Neo's electric vital signs. Neo reaches out to touch the mirror and his fingers disappear beneath the rippling surface. Quickly, he tries to pull his fingers out but the mirror stretches in long rubbery strands like mirrored-taffy stuck to his fingertips.
27) 89) dialog: Still nothing.
27) 101) dialog: Targeting... almost there.
27) 105) dialog: Lock!  I got him!
30) 0) text: The metal harness opens and drops the half-conscious Neo onto the floor. Human hands and arms help him up as he finds himself looking straight at Morpheus. Trinity and Apoc.  And others, dressed in bizarre, high- tech combat gear. Morpheus smiles.
45) 4) dialog: Morpheus is right.  He's got to be the one.
49) 2) dialog: No way.  Not possible.
49) 5) dialog: He won't.
59) 10) text: They cross the old lobby.  Switch and Apoc stop at the doors.
72) 0) text: Apoc opens the side door and they enter the hotel.
122) 0) text: A manhole cover cracks open.  Two eyes peek out just as a TRUCK RATTLES over it.  The THUNDER DOPPLERS AWAY and the cover opens. Neo, Trinity, Switch and Apoc climb out.  Trinity pulls a water-logged phone from her pocket.
141) 6) dialog: What?!
141) 16) text: Cypher walks away from Morpheus and bends down next to Apoc's body.
141) 20) text: He grabs hold of the cable in Apoc's neck, twists it and yanks it out.
141) 22) text: Apoc seems to go blind for an instant, a scream caught in his throat, his hands reaching for nothing, and then falls dead.  Switch screams.