0) 0) text: The hotel was abandoned after a fire licked its way  across the polyester carpeting, destroying several rooms  as it spooled soot up the walls and ceiling leaving  patterns of permanent shadow. We FOLLOW four armed POLICE officers using flashlights as they creep down the blackened hall and ready themselves on either side of room 303. The biggest of them violently kicks in the door -- The other cops pour in behind him, guns thrust before them.
2) 0) text: The Big Cop flicks out his cuffs, the other cops holding  a bead.  They've done this a hundred times, they know  they've got her, until the Big Cop reaches with the cuff  and Trinity moves -- It almost doesn't register, so smooth and fast, inhumanly fast. The eye blinks and Trinity's palm. snaps up and the nose  explodes, blood erupting.  The cop is dead before he begins to fall. And Trinity is moving again -- Seizing a wrist, misdirecting a gun, as a startled cop 
7) 0) text: On the roof, Trinity is running as Agent Brown rises over the parapet, leading the cops in pursuit. Trinity begins to jump from one roof to the next, her  moverents so clean, gliding in and out of each jump, contrasted to the wild jumps of the cops. Agent Brown, however, has the same unnatural grace. The METAL SCREAM of an EL TRAIN is heard and Trinity  turns to it, racing for the back of the building. The edge falls away into a wide back alley.  The next  building is over 40 feet away, but Trinity's face is  perfectly calm, staring at some point beyond the other  roof. The cops slow, realizing they are about to see something  ugly as Trinity drives at the edge, launching herself  into the air. From above, the ground seems to flow beneath her as she  hangs in flight Then hitting, somersaulting up, still running hard.
7) 1) dialog: Motherfucker -- that's impossible!
11) 0) text: They watch from the window as the cops, silently, robotically, climb into their van.
16) 24) text: His head slowly peeks up over the partition. At the elevator, he sees Agent Brown and Agent Jones leading a group of cops.  A female employee turns and points out Neo's cubicle. Neo ducks.
16) 27) text: One cop stays at the elevator, the others follow the agents.
16) 38) text: The agents enter Neo's empty cubicle.  A cop is sent to search the bathroom. Morpheus' voice is a whisper in Neo's ear.
16) 44) text: Neo rolls out of the cubicle, his eyes popping as he freezes right behind a cop who has just turned around. Staying crouched, he sneaks away, down the row, SHOOTING across the opening to the first office on the left. The room is empty.
16) 63) text: He climbs back into the office just as a cop opens the door.
21) 2) text: Neo stands just as the door at the opposite end opens and two police officers rush in, drawing their guns. Apoc grabs Neo, muscling him to the nearest exit.  There is no upcoming station. Apoc yanks the emergency brake and the train buckles against its own speed.  The cops are thrown back.  Neo slams against the metal rail. The doors open onto nothing and just when Neo regains his balance, Apoc shoves him backwards -- He flies out from the train, arms windrilling as he falls from, the raised tracks -- Hurtling towards a busy city street when, out of nowhere, a truck races under him and -- He crashes into a large dumpster-bed filled with empty boxes.
24) 10) text: Hacksaw loads a hypodermic needle and pumps an anesthetic around Neols navel. Using a device that looks like a miniature speculum, Gizmo inserts a knuckled dental pick.  Typing into a calculator keypad wired to the pick, he automates the tip. On the monitor, we watch it telescope out and the end separate into a tiny hooked, metal claw.
76) 10) text: She also listens as the staccato BEAT of HELICOPTER BLADES GROW ominously LOUDER.
78) 0) text: Morpheus looks up the stairs as a helicopter shadow passes over the clouded glass.
89) 0) text: More police cars arrive as cops break open the lobby doors.
98) 0) text: Cops flood the eighth floor, rushing everywhere.
99) 0) text: Several cops sweep through the room.  It is empty.  As they pass the bathroom, we see a man-sized hole smashed through the plaster and lathe.
102) 0) text: The cops search in silence, straining for a clue, when one hears SOMETHING STRANGE near the bathroom.
104) 0) text: The Cop leans in, his ear almost against the thin membrane of plaster separating them.  He can hear WHISPERS, HISSES and a GRUNT when -- The WALL suddenly bulges, SHATTER-CRACKING as the Cop realizes --
104) 1) dialog: They're in the walls!
105) 0) text: Neo pulls Cypher free just as the Cop OPENS FIRE -- BULLETS PUNCHING shafts of light like swords into the box of soot-black space.
106) 0) text: The Cop keeps FIRING, his flashlight strapped to his gun barrel, lighting up the wall until -- A BULLET spits out his forehead.  Agent Smith watches the BODY fall with a THUD.
109) 1) dialog: I got him!  I got him!
109) 2) text: Trinity finds her gun first.  BULLET-HOLES POP out the WALL as she STRAFES the room, sending cops diving for cover. They continue, Trinity exposed for a roment, when a creeping cop smashes a fist through and grabs a fistful of her hair. He starts to yank her out when Neo kicks, his boot bursting through plaster and splintering lathe, knocking the Cop out. They then quickly sink out of sight.
116) 0) text: Neo punches out the screen and then spills down into the main water trough. Oily water forms around them as they wade across the man- made underground river, towards the service catwalk. Neo is about to pull himself out when he sees them coming Flashlights and laser sites sweep at them as cops in helmets and heavy armor, looking more nachine than human, fill both ends of the tunnel. There is a single manhole cover above them. Morpheus whispers to Trinity.
116) 7) dialog: He's heading for the street!
117) 0) text: Morpheus shoots out of the sewer but the police are waiting for him.  The closest cop is armed with a tranquilized gun.  He fires -- But Morpheus' is too fast, using the manhole cover as a shield, blocking the darts, then -- Frisbee-ing it into the cop's armored chest, knocking him off his feet. The cops lunge at him but every part of his body is a deadly weapon moving with impossible speed. It seems he might fight his way out when he throws a spinning back fist that is caught by -- Agent Smith.
119) 6) text: Cops swarm over Morpheus.
144) 0) text: A Japanese luxury hotel in downtown Chicago. A military helicopter sets down on the roof.  Heavily armed Marines begin to deploy. Agent Jones gets out of the helicopter, flanked by columns of Marines.  They open the roof access door and enter the top-floor maintenance level of the hotel.
157) 0) text: In long, black coats, Trinity and Neo push through the revolving doors. Neo is carrying a duffel bag.  Trinity has a large metal suitcase.  They cut across the lobby drawing nervous glances. Dark glasses, game faces. Several plainclothes cops try to stop them.  They are met by the MUTED SPIT of a SILENCED GUN and the RAZORED WHISTLE of THROWING STARS. The cops slump down to the marbled floor while Neo and Trinity do not even break stride.
167) 0) text: The roof-access tower is now engulfed in flames as Neo and Trinity lay waste to a dozen more Marines. Guns and knives, like extensions of their bodies used with the same deadly precision as their feet and their fists. Across the roof, the pilot inside the army helicopter watches the ferocious onslaught.
167) 14) text: Neo is already looking at the helicopter.
169) 0) text: Trinity's eyes flutter as information surges into her brain, all the essentials of flying a helicopter absorbed at light-speed.
171) 0) text: Agent Jones throws open the bedroom door and enters, walking through the puddles pooling in the carpet. Over the RUSHING WATER and the ALARMS, Agent Smith hears a SOUND and understands the seriousness of the attack. He turns to the wall of windows as the helicopter drops
171) 3) text: The GUN jumps and BULLETS EXPLODE through the WINDOW in a cacophony of CRASHING GLASS -- As the Agents go for their weapons. But Neo is too close, the .50 CALIBER too fast and BULLETS are everywhere, perforating the room. Agent Smith is hit first, his body jack-knifing back, blood arcing out with a sudden flash of light -- Then Agent Brown, his GUN still FIRING as his body falls. And finally Agent Jones. Neo stares at Morpheus, trying to will him into action.
173) 0) text: Morpheus lifts his face into the room's rain.  His eyes, still white, begin to blink, twitch, then close. And when he opens them, they are again dark and flashing with fire. The Agents knife into the room, FIRING even as Neo's BULLET TRAILS chase them. Morpheus strains at his handcuffs. The Agents and the marines turn the tide, BLASTING LEAD, RICOCHETING, POCK-MARKING the COPTER. FIRING wildly, Neo turns to see Morpheus rising, snapping the handcuffs, starting for the window. Agent Smith stops and sees Morpheus run past the open bedroom door.
173) 6) text: Trinity is already pulling the copter up and away. As Agent Smith grabs the M-16 from the nearest marine. He'll bring them all down.  Targeting the helicopter, he aims at something only he can see: the oil line. PONK.  PONK.  PONK.  The rear HULL is PUNCHED full of holes and smoke and oil pours out like black blood.
173) 8) text: Neo is pulling Morpheus up to him when he hears the HELICOPTER BEGIN TO DIE.
173) 10) text: Trinity throws the helicopter towards the roof of the nearest building. Morpheus and Neo cling to one another as they and the machine above them begin to fall. The ENGINE GRINDS, the CHOPPING BLADES start to slow while -- The Agents stand in the open shattered window, watching the helicopter disappear behind taller buildings. Carried by its nomentum, Trinity guides the parabolic fall over the nearest roof where -- Neo and Morpheus drop safely, rolling free as the rope goes slack.  Neo gets to his feet, trying to detach himself but -- The helicopter is falling too fast, arcing over the roof like a setting sun -- The coils of slack snap taught -- Yanking Neo off his feet, dragging him with ferocious speed towards the edge even as -- Trinity lunges for the back door, her gun in one hand, grabbing for the rope with the other -- Neo flies like a skipping stone, hurtling straight AT us, when his feet hit the rain gutter -- A fulcrum that levers him up just as -- Trinity FIRES, severing the cord from the HELICOPTER, falling free of it as it SMASHES, blades first into a  glass skyscraper. Holding onto the rope she swings, connected to Neo, who stands on the building's edge watching her arc beneath him as the HELICOPTER EXPLODES -- She bounces against a shatterproof window that spider- cracks out while FLAMES ERUPT behind her.
196) 0) text: Sentinels open and shift like killer kaleidoscopes as they ready their weapons, swarming around the Nebuchadnezzar.