9) 0) text: It is a studio apartirent that seems overgrown with technology. Weed-like cables coil everywhere, duct-taped into thickets that wind up and around the legs of several desks. Tabletops are filled with cannibalized equipment that lay open like an autopsied corpse. We turn towards the center of this rat-nest of technology, following the slurping and crunching of cereal.  We pass an open box of Capln Crunch as we find - NEO, a younger man who knows more about living inside a  computer than living outside one.
9) 1) dialog: Fuckin' idiots don't know shit.
9) 4) text: Neo is frozen when he reads his name.
9) 6) dialog: What the hell...
9) 8) text: A chill runs down his spine and when someone KNOCKS on his door he almost jumps out of his chair. He looks at the door, then back at the computer but the message is gone. He shakes his head, not completely sure what happened. Again, someone knocks. Cautiously, Neo approaches the door.
9) 11) dialog: What do you want, Anthony?
9) 14) dialog: You got the money this time?
9) 15) text: He holds up two hundred dollars and Neo opens the door. Anthony's girlfriend, DUJOUR, stops in front of Neo.
11) 2) text: He slaps the money in Neo's hand.
11) 5) dialog: I don't know.  I have to work tomorrow.
11) 8) dialog: Yeah, yeah.  Sure, I'll go.
12) 0) text: An older Chicago apartment; a series of halls connects a  chain of small high-ceilinged rooms lined with heavy casements. Smoke hangs like a veil, blurring the few lights there  are. Dressed predominantly in black, people are everywhere, gathered in cliques around pieces of furniture like jungle cats around a tree. Neo stands against a wall, alone, sipping from a bottle of beer, feeling completely out of place, he is about to leave when he notices a woman staring at him. The woman is Trinity.  She walks straight up to him. In the nearest room, shadow-like figures grind against each other to the pneumatic beat of INDUSTRIAL MUSIC.
12) 2) dialog: How did you know that --
12) 4) dialog: Who are you?
12) 6) dialog: Trinity?  The Trinity?  The Trinity that cracked the I.R.S. Kansas City D-Base?
12) 8) dialog: Gee-zus.
12) 10) dialog: I just thought... you were a guy.
12) 12) text: Neo is a little embarrassed.
12) 13) dialog: Do you want to go sorewhere and talk?
12) 16) dialog: That was you on the board tonight. That was your note, wasn't it?
12) 18) dialog: Who wouldn't?
12) 20) dialog: What?  Why?
12) 22) dialog: I don't understand --
12) 24) dialog: The Matrix.  What is the Matrix?
12) 28) text: There is a hypnotic quality to her voice and Neo feels the words like a drug, seeping into him.
12) 32) dialog: Wait.  Who was it?  Who was the man?
12) 35) text: She turns and he watches her melt into the shifting wall of bodies. A SOUND RISES steadily, growing out of the music, pressing in on Neo until it is all he can hear as we --
13) 0) text: The sound is an ALARM CLOCK, slowly dragging Neo to consciousness.  He strains to read the clock face: 9:15 A.M.
13) 1) dialog: Shitshitshit.
15) 0) text: The main offices are along each wall, the windows overlooking downtown Chicago. RHINEHEART, the ultimate company man, lectures Neo without looking at him, typing at his computer continuously. Neo stares at two window cleaners on a scaffolding outside, dragging their rubber squeegees down across the surface of the glass.
15) 2) text: He stops, glancing over his glasses at Neo, who turns in time.
15) 8) dialog: Yes, Mr. Rhineheart.  Perfectly clear.
16) 0) text: The entire floor looks like a human honeycomb, with a labyrinth of cubicles structured around a core of elevators. Neo slumps down into his chair.  A TALL EMPLOYEE stands up in the adjacent cubicle, leaning over the partition.
16) 2) dialog: If I was late again, I'm going to be fired.
16) 5) text: Neo glares at him, as he sinks down.
16) 7) text: Neo turns and finds a FEDERAL EXPRESS MAN at his cubicle door.
16) 8) dialog: Yeah.  That's me.
16) 9) text: Neo signs the electronic pad and the Fedex guy hands him the softpak.
16) 12) dialog: Hello?
16) 14) text: Neo's knees give and he falls into his chair.
16) 16) dialog: ... no.
16) 18) dialog: Who's coming for me?
16) 20) dialog: Right now?
16) 22) text: Neo starts to stand.
16) 24) text: His head slowly peeks up over the partition. At the elevator, he sees Agent Brown and Agent Jones leading a group of cops.  A female employee turns and points out Neo's cubicle. Neo ducks.
16) 25) dialog: Holy fuckin' shit!
16) 28) dialog: What the fuck do they want with me?!
16) 30) dialog: How?!
16) 34) dialog: But what if...?
16) 36) text: Neo lunges across the hall, diving into the other cubicle just as the agents turn into his row. Neo crams himself into a dark corner, clutching the phone tightly to him.
16) 38) text: The agents enter Neo's empty cubicle.  A cop is sent to search the bathroom. Morpheus' voice is a whisper in Neo's ear.
16) 44) text: Neo rolls out of the cubicle, his eyes popping as he freezes right behind a cop who has just turned around. Staying crouched, he sneaks away, down the row, SHOOTING across the opening to the first office on the left. The room is empty.
16) 46) dialog: How do you know all this?
16) 52) dialog: No! It's too far away.
16) 54) text: Neo looks down; the building's glass wall vertigos into a concrete chasm.
16) 55) dialog: No way, no way, this is crazy.
16) 57) text: CLICK.  He hangs up.  Neo looks at the door, then back at the scaffold.
16) 58) dialog: This is insane!  Why is this happening to me?  What did I do? I'm nobody.  I didn't do anything. Fuck! Fuck!  Fuck!
16) 60) dialog: I'm going to die.
16) 61) text: The WIND suddenly BLASTS up the face of the building, knocking Neo off balance.  Recoiling, he clings harder to the frame, and the phone falls out of his hand. He watches as it is swallowed by the distance beneath him
16) 62) dialog: This is insane.  I can't do this! Forget it!
16) 64) dialog: I didn't do anything!
17) 0) text: The agents lead a handcuffed Neo out of the revolving doors, forcing his head down as they push him into the dark sedan. Trinity watches in the rear view mirror of her motorcycle.
18) 3) text: He opens the file.  Paper rattle marks the silence as he flips several pages.  Neo cannot tell if he is looking at the file or at him.
18) 7) text: Neo feels himself sinking into a pit of shit.
18) 15) text: Neo tries to match his stare.
18) 17) text: Neo nods to himself.
18) 18) dialog: Yeah.  Wow.  That sounds like a real good deal.  But I think I have a better one.  How about I give you the finger --
18) 20) dialog: And you can cram that file up your Secret Service sphincter.
18) 23) dialog: You ain't seen nothing yet.
18) 25) dialog: You can't scare me with this gestapo crap.  I know my rights. I want my phone call.
18) 28) text: The question unnerves Neo and strangely, he begins to feel the muscles in his jaw tighten. The standing agents snicker, watching Neo's confusion grow into panic. Neo feels his lips grow soft and sticky as they slowly seal shut, melding into each other until all trace of his mouth is gone. Wild with fear, he lunges for the door but the agents restrain him holding him in the chair.
18) 30) text: Smith nods and the other two rip open his shirt. From a case taken out of his suit coat, Smith removes a long, fiber-optic wire tap. Neo struggles helplessly as Smith dangles the wire over his exposed abdomen.  Horrified, he watches as the electronic device animates, become an organic creature that resembles a hybrid of an insect and a fluke worm. Thin, whisker-like tendrils reach out and probe into Neo's navel.  He bucks wildly as Smith drops the creature which looks for a moment like an uncut umbilical cord -- Before it begins to burrow its, tail thrashing as it worms its way inside.
19) 0) text: Screaming, Neo bolts upright in bed. He realizes that he is home.  Was it a dream?  His mouth is normal.  His stomach looks fine.  He starts to take a deep, everything-is-okay breath, when -- The PHONE RINGS. It almost stops his heart.  It CONTINUES RINGING, building pressure in the room, forcing him up out of bed, sucking him in with an almost gravitational force. He answers it, saying nothing.
19) 2) dialog: The agents --
19) 4) text: Neo feels sick.
19) 6) text: Neo's throat cracks, dry as the Sahara.
19) 8) dialog: ... Yes.
21) 0) text: It is three a.m., and the train carries the usual urban night crawlers.  Neo sits alone, eyes shifting, watching everything nervously. There is a METAL BANG and TRAIN CLATTER fills the car as the door is opened. Neo turns and sees a large man enter.  He is wearing sunglasses and a black leather jacket.  His name is APOC and he walks straight at Neo.
21) 2) text: Neo stands just as the door at the opposite end opens and two police officers rush in, drawing their guns. Apoc grabs Neo, muscling him to the nearest exit.  There is no upcoming station. Apoc yanks the emergency brake and the train buckles against its own speed.  The cops are thrown back.  Neo slams against the metal rail. The doors open onto nothing and just when Neo regains his balance, Apoc shoves him backwards -- He flies out from the train, arms windrilling as he falls from, the raised tracks -- Hurtling towards a busy city street when, out of nowhere, a truck races under him and -- He crashes into a large dumpster-bed filled with empty boxes.
22) 0) text: Still shaking his head, Neo realizes he is not alone.  A man named Cabie is aiming a big gun at him.  Trinity is next to him, talking into a cellular phone.
22) 5) dialog: What are you doing?
23) 0) text: A featureless black van glides up to a staircase that curls down from the city's surface. trinity guides the blind Neo down the steps.  The back of the van slaps open, revealing a young, skinny man who looks to be still in his teens, wearing an outfit that is a cross between a surgeon and a telephone repair man. His name is GIZMO and he smiles lewdly at Trinity, exposing his teeth that are wired with weird-looking braces.
23) 3) text: Neo hears the voices around him.
23) 9) text: Hacksaw is a huge man in a leather welder's apron.  He shoulders Neo and hauls him into the van. A moment later the green lights of Lower Wacker curve over the tinted windshield as the van rushes through the underworld.
24) 0) text: The chop-shop is filled with electronic gadgets, wired to meters and monitors.  There are shelves lined with medical supplies and rows of hanging tools, knives, cleavers, and stainless steel clamps. Neo is strapped down to an ambulance cart, listening nervously as Gizmo gets to work.
24) 4) text: He inserts acupuncture-like needles into Neo's lower abdomen.  The needles are wired to video monitors. Hacksaw pilots the fiber-optic lens.
24) 5) dialog: What are you doing?
24) 8) text: On a monitor, we see the bug nestled in among Neols large intestines.
24) 10) text: Hacksaw loads a hypodermic needle and pumps an anesthetic around Neols navel. Using a device that looks like a miniature speculum, Gizmo inserts a knuckled dental pick.  Typing into a calculator keypad wired to the pick, he automates the tip. On the monitor, we watch it telescope out and the end separate into a tiny hooked, metal claw.
24) 14) text: But the bug reacts violently.  Neo screams as it wraps itself around the soft tissue web of intestine.
24) 18) text: Neo writhes in pain.
24) 20) dialog: Jesus!  God!
24) 24) text: We watch Neo, who can't see what they are talking about.
24) 26) dialog: Do what?
24) 29) dialog: Oh, shit --
24) 34) text: Trinity touches Neo, who is just beginning to breathe. She eases the tape off his eyes.
25) 0) text: The van stops in a deserted alley behind a forgotten hotel.  The doors open and Trinity helps Neo get out.
25) 7) text: He howls with adolescent laughter as the van pulls away. Trinity turns to Neo.
26) 0) text: It is a place of putrefying elegance, a rotting host of urban maggotry. Trinity leads Neo from the stairwell down the hall of the thirteenth floor.  They stop outside room 1313.
26) 2) text: Neo can hear his own heart pounding.
27) 2) text: He wears a long black coat and his eyes are invisible behind circular mirrored glasses. He strides to Neo and they shake hands.
27) 4) dialog: It's an honor.
27) 10) dialog: You could say that.
27) 14) dialog: You're Morpheus, you're a legend. Most hackers would die to meet you.
27) 16) dialog: No.
27) 18) dialog: Because I don't like the idea that I'm not in control of my life.
27) 22) dialog: What gift?
27) 24) text: Neo shrugs.
27) 25) dialog: It's not magic.
27) 29) text: Neo shakes his head.
27) 31) dialog: Free from what?
27) 33) text: Neo locks at his eyes but only sees a reflection of himself.
27) 35) text: Neo swallows and nods his head.
27) 39) dialog: What truth?
27) 43) dialog: How?
27) 45) text: In Neo's right hand, Morpheus drops a red pill.
27) 51) text: Neo feels the smooth skin of the capsules, with the moisture growing in his palms.
27) 53) text: Neo opens his mouth and swallows the red pill.  The Cheshire smile returns.
27) 55) text: He leads Neo into the other room, which is cramped with high-tech equipment, glowing ash-bliie and electric green from the racks of monitors. Trinity, Apoc and Cypher look up as they enter.
27) 58) text: Cypher saddles up to Morpheus, talking in a hushed tone away from, Neo.
27) 61) text: Neo recognizes the large man from the El train.
27) 64) dialog: Apoc?  You wrote the Four Horsemen Virus.
27) 69) text: Neo sits and Trinity begins gently fixing white electrode disks to his head, arns, and the back of his neck.
27) 70) dialog: A little.
27) 72) dialog: Essentially, it's a hardware system that uses an apparatus; headgear, gloves and whatever to make you feel that you are in a computer program.
27) 74) dialog: You might not, no.
27) 76) text: Neo whispers to Trinity.
27) 77) dialog: You did all this?
27) 81) dialog: Shit...
27) 82) text: Cypher works with Apoc checking reams of phosphorescent data.  Trinity monitors Neo's electric vital signs. Neo reaches out to touch the mirror and his fingers disappear beneath the rippling surface. Quickly, he tries to pull his fingers out but the mirror stretches in long rubbery strands like mirrored-taffy stuck to his fingertips.
27) 83) dialog: What is this?  Mescaline?
27) 86) dialog: Uh-oh...
27) 93) dialog: It's cold.
27) 94) text: The mirror creeps up his neck as Neo begins to panic, tipping his head as though he were sinking into the mirror, trying to keep his mouth up.
27) 95) dialog: It's all over me --
27) 100) text: Streams of mercury run from Neo's nose.
27) 107) text: His eyes tear with mirror, rolling up and closing as a high-pitched ELECTRIC SCREAM ERUPTS in the headphones -- It is a piercing SHRIEK like a computer calling to another computer -- Neo's body arches in agony and we are pulled like we were pulled into the holes of the phone Sucked into his SCREAM and swallowed by darkness.
29) 0) text: The pipe is a waste disposal system and Neo falls, sliding with the clot of gelatin. Banking through pipe spirals and elbows, flushing up through grease traps clogged with cily clunps of cellulite. Neo begins to drown when he is suddenly snatched from the flow of waste. The metallic cable then lifts, pulling him up into the belly of the futuristic flying nachine, hovering inside the sewer main line.
30) 0) text: The metal harness opens and drops the half-conscious Neo onto the floor. Human hands and arms help him up as he finds himself looking straight at Morpheus. Trinity and Apoc.  And others, dressed in bizarre, high- tech combat gear. Morpheus smiles.
30) 2) text: Neo passes out.
30) 7) text: Neo's eyes flutter open.  We see Trinity's face above us, angelic in the fluorescent glow of a light stick.
30) 8) dialog: 
30) 9) dialog: ... am I dead?
30) 13) dialog: He opens his eyes again, something tingling through him. He focuses and sees his body pierced with dozens of acupuncture-like needles wired to a strange device.
30) 16) text: Dozer and Morpheus are operating on Neo.
30) 17) dialog: What are you doing?
30) 20) dialog: Why do my eyes hurt?
30) 22) text: Morpheus takes his sunglasses off and puts them on Neo. Neo lays back.
31) 0) text: Neo wakes up from a deep sleep, feeling better.  He is wearing a black tank top and shorts. He begins to examine himself.  There is a futuristic IV plugged into the jack in his forearm.  He pulls it out, staring at the grafted outlet. He feels his bald head.  His fingers find and explore the large outlet in the base of his skull. Just as he starts to come unglued, Morpheus opens the door.
31) 1) dialog: Morpheus, what's happened to me? What is this place?
31) 3) dialog: When?
31) 5) text: The wind is knocked from Neo's chest.
31) 6) dialog: That's not possible.
31) 8) dialog: How?
32) 0) text: Like a sleepwalker, Neo follows Morpheus through the ship
33) 4) text: The names and faces wash meaninglessly over Neo.
33) 8) text: Neo allows himself to be helped into one of the chairs.
33) 10) text: Neo nods.
33) 12) text: He touches Neo's head.
33) 14) text: Neo feels Morpheus guiding a coaxial line into the jack at the back of his neck.  The cable has the same kind of cerebellum chip we saw inside the plant.
33) 16) text: There are several disturbing NOISES as he works the needle in. We MOVE IN as Neo's shoulders bunch and his face tightens into a grimace until a loud CLICK fires and his ears pop like when you equalize them underwater. He relaxes, opening his eyes as we pull back to a feeling of weightlessness inside another place --
34) 0) text: Neo is standing in an empty, blank-white space.
34) 2) text: Startled, Neo whips around and finds Morpheus now in the room with him.
34) 4) text: Morpheus walks past Neo and when Neo turns he sees the two leather chairs from the hotel set up in front of a large-screen television.
34) 6) text: Neo stands at the back of the chair as Morpheus sits.
34) 7) dialog: Right now, we're inside a computer program?
34) 9) text: Neo's hands run over the cracked leather.
34) 10) dialog: This isn't real?
34) 20) text: Still MOVING, we TURN and find Neo and Morpheus; the chairs now sitting in the middle of the black desert. Dizzy, Neo holds onto the chair.
34) 21) dialog: What happened?
34) 33) text: We return to the power plant that Neo escaped from where we see human beings looking almost blissful in their gelatin cocoons.
34) 42) dialog: No!  I don't believe it!  It's not possible!
34) 45) dialog: Stop!  Let me out!  I want out!
35) 1) dialog: Get this thing out of me!
35) 4) dialog: Don't touch me!  Get away from me!
35) 7) text: Vomiting violently, Neo pitches forward and blacks out.
36) 0) text: He blinks, regaining consciousness.  The room is dark. Neo is stretched out on his bed.
36) 1) dialog: I can't go back, can I?
36) 4) text: Neo isn't sure of that answer.
36) 6) text: He stares into the darkness, confessing as much to himself as Neo.
36) 10) text: Neo can feel his eyes on him.
36) 12) dialog: I told you I don't believe in fate.
36) 17) dialog: For what?
38) 0) text: Neo is awake in his bed, staring up at the lights.  The door opens and TA.NK steps inside.
38) 2) dialog: No.
38) 4) text: He offers his hand and Neo shakes it.  He notices that Tank doesn't have any jacks.
38) 5) dialog: You don't have...
38) 7) dialog: Zion?
39) 0) text: Neo is plugged in, hanging in one of the suspension chairs.
39) 4) text: Neo reads the label on the disk.
39) 5) dialog: Jiujitsu?  I'm going to learn jujitsu?
39) 6) text: Tank slides the disk into Neo's supplement drive.
39) 7) dialog: No way.
39) 9) dialog: Holy shit!
39) 11) dialog: Hell yes!
40) 4) text: Neo's body spasms and relaxes as his eyes open, breath hissing from his lips.  He looks like he just orgasmed. He locks at Morpheus.
40) 5) dialog: This is incredible.  I know Kung Fu.
41) 4) text: Neo assumes a similar stance, cautiously circling until he gives a short cry and launches a furious attack. It is like a Jackie Chan movie at high speed, fists and feet striking from every angle as Neo presses his attack
42) 0) text: While their minds battle in the programmed reality, the two bodies appear quite serene, suspended in the drive chairs. Tank monitors their life systems noticing that Neo is wildly and chaotically lit up as opposed to the slow and steady rhythm of Morpheus.
44) 0) text: Neo's face is knotted, teeth clenched, as he hurls himself at Morpheus.
44) 2) text: Morpheus attacks him and it is like nothing we have seen. His feet and fists are everywhere taking Neo apart.  For every blow Neo blocks, five more hit their marks until -- Neo falls. Panting, on his hands and knees, blood spits fror, his mouth speckling the white floor of the Dojo.
44) 4) dialog: You -- You're too fast.
44) 6) text: Neo is frustrated, still unable to catch his breath.
44) 8) text: Neo squints at him.
44) 10) text: Neo stands, nodding.
46) 0) text: The speed of the blows rises like a drum solo that seems impossible to sustain.  Neo's face sheds its mask of calm with a scream. He wants to beat Morpheus bad. Finally a single blow catches Morpheus on the side of the head, knocking his glasses off.
48) 2) text: Neo pants.
48) 3) dialog: I, uh... maybe.
48) 5) dialog: I feel better.
48) 9) text: Neo straightens as the dojo DISSOLVES away like a curtain lifting, leaving the two men now standing on a building rooftop in a city skyline.
48) 14) dialog: Shit.
48) 15) text: Neo looks down at the street twenty floors below, then at Morpheus an impossible fifty feet away.
48) 16) dialog: Okie dokie.
48) 18) dialog: Yeah.  Free my mind.  Right.  No problem.
50) 0) text: Summoning every ounce of strength in his legs, Neo launches himself into the air in a single maniacal shriek
50) 3) text: Neo nods quietly.
51) 4) text: But Trinity has left. Neo's eyes open as Tank eases the plug out.  He tries to move and groans, cradling his ribs. While Tank helps Morpheus, Neo spits blood into his hand.
51) 5) dialog: I thought it wasn't real.
51) 6) text: Neo stares at the blood.
51) 7) dialog: If you are killed in the Matrix, you die here?
54) 0) text: The core glows with monitor light.  Cypher is in the operator's chair as Neo cones up behind him.
54) 2) dialog: Sorry.
54) 4) dialog: What are you doing?
54) 6) text: Neo's eyes light up as he steps closer to the screens that seem alive with a constant flow of data.
54) 7) dialog: Is that... ?
54) 11) text: He pours Neo a drink from a large plastic jug.
54) 13) text: Neo takes a sip and it almost kills him.  Cypher pounds on his back.
54) 15) text: Red-faced, Neo finally stops coughing.
54) 17) text: Neo nods.
54) 19) text: Neo shakes his head as Cypher fills his cup and laughs.
54) 21) text: Cypher raises his drink.  Neo swallows another throat- scorching mouthful.
56) 0) text: Sweat dapples his lip as Neo snaps out of the construct coma.
56) 1) dialog: Jeez, I was wondering about that.
56) 3) dialog: Why I was bald here but not in the Matrix.
56) 5) dialog: Residual self image.
56) 7) text: He points to one of Neo's monitors.
56) 8) dialog: Life systems monitor, glucose levels.
56) 10) dialog: Main power supply to the core.
56) 13) dialog: Mainframe self-destruct.  Uses all remaining power to generate an... E.M.P?
56) 15) text: Neo nods as Morpheus comes up behind them.
56) 20) dialog: What's he talking about?
56) 22) dialog: See who?
56) 24) text: Neo looks down at the monitor teeming with Matrix data that seems to coalesce, equations giving way to images as a METAL SCREAM RISES BECOMING --
59) 0) text: Neo follows the others down the stairwell that winds around an antique elevator shaft.
59) 1) dialog: Did you have to do this?
59) 3) dialog: What did she tell you?
59) 5) dialog: Any of them true?
60) 0) text: Neo squints into the sun that seems unnaturally bright. He is the only one without sunglasses.
60) 2) dialog: The agents.  They're sentient programs.  They can commandeer any software hardwired to the mainframe.
60) 4) dialog: The best hacking is always traceless.
60) 5) text: Cypher and Trinity move away from them, securing the perimeter.  As Cypher passes a garbage can, he surreptitiously drops something inside. It is a cellular phone and we watch the blue display as the LINE CONNECTS. An early 1970s, black Lincoln Continental emerges from a corrugated roll-up garage.  Morpheus and Neo get in.
61) 3) text: Mojo coughs a brown, cankerous laugh, juice speckling his chin and shirt.  He stares at Neo.
63) 0) text: A lightless, lower-class bar.  No one enters that is not expected. The front doors open in a brilliant burst of sunlight as Mojo leads Morpheus and Neo inside.  Neo looks around, his eyes adjusting to the darkness. Mojo talks to the bartender, then looks over.
64) 0) text: A high-tech laptop and modem are set up on a stack of milk crates.  Neo waits as Morpheus types in a series of access codes.  After a moment the screen blinks, "Welcome Morpheus." Morpheus walks back to the same door they entered, but it now leads into --
65) 0) text: The walls and floors are polished marble.  Neo follows, his mouth agape.
65) 1) dialog: What -- what happened?
65) 6) text: They take Neo by the arm, leading him down a hall into another room.
66) 0) text: Neo enters and finally understands the attention given to his age.  The Potentials are all little children. The room feels at once like a Buddhist temple and a kindergarten class.  The children's heads are either shaved or thick with dreadlocks.  Some are playing, others meditating or practicing their gift. Neo watches a little girl levitate wooden alphabet blocks.  A skinny BOY holds a SPOON which sways like a blade of grass as he bends it with his rnind. Neo crosses to him, sits. The Boy smiles as Neo picks up a spoon and tries to imitate him.  Despite his best efforts, Neo cannot make it bend.
66) 2) text: Neo watches as it curls into a knot.
66) 4) text: Neo nods, again holding up his spoon.
66) 5) dialog: There is no spoon.  Right.
67) 0) text: Neo enters nervously.  Beneath his feet is a path of the zodiac leading to marbled stairs that rise to a dais and a three-legged throne. The throne is empty.
67) 1) dialog: Hello?
68) 0) text: It looks like a suburban tract house. There is a lot of cozy furniture, a dining roon hutch filled with china, shelves and tables crowded with doilies, knick-knacks and ceramic brick-a-brack. Neo follows the plastic carpet runner to the kitchen. A WOMAN is huddled beside the oven, peering inside through the cracked door.
68) 1) dialog: Hello?
68) 3) dialog: You're the Oracle?
68) 5) dialog: Yeah.
68) 7) dialog: What vase?
68) 10) dialog: Shit, I'm sorry.
68) 13) dialog: How did you know...?
68) 18) dialog: Who?
68) 22) dialog: I think so.
68) 24) dialog: I don't know.
68) 33) dialog: What's the good news?
68) 35) dialog: Is that it, then?
69) 0) text: Morpheus rises from a bench as the Priestess escorts Neo out.  When they are alone, Morpheus puts his hand on Neo's shoulder.
69) 2) dialog: You do?
69) 4) text: Neo finishes his cookie.
74) 0) text: Light filters down the throat of the building through a caged skylight at the top of the open elevator shaft. Four figures glide up the dark stairs that wind around the antique elevator. Neo notices a black cat, a yellow-green-eyed shadow that slinks past them and pads quickly down the stairs. A moment later, Neo sees another black cat that looks and moves identically to the first one.
74) 1) dialog: Whoa.  Deja vu.
76) 2) dialog: Nothing.  Just had a little deja vu.
76) 4) dialog: A black cat went past us and then I saw another that looked just like it.
76) 6) dialog: It might have been.  I'm not sure.
76) 8) dialog: What is it?
105) 0) text: Neo pulls Cypher free just as the Cop OPENS FIRE -- BULLETS PUNCHING shafts of light like swords into the box of soot-black space.
109) 2) text: Trinity finds her gun first.  BULLET-HOLES POP out the WALL as she STRAFES the room, sending cops diving for cover. They continue, Trinity exposed for a roment, when a creeping cop smashes a fist through and grabs a fistful of her hair. He starts to yank her out when Neo kicks, his boot bursting through plaster and splintering lathe, knocking the Cop out. They then quickly sink out of sight.
116) 0) text: Neo punches out the screen and then spills down into the main water trough. Oily water forms around them as they wade across the man- made underground river, towards the service catwalk. Neo is about to pull himself out when he sees them coming Flashlights and laser sites sweep at them as cops in helmets and heavy armor, looking more nachine than human, fill both ends of the tunnel. There is a single manhole cover above them. Morpheus whispers to Trinity.
116) 8) text: Trinity urges the others to follow her.  Grabbing Neo, they wade quietly away from the chaos.
122) 0) text: A manhole cover cracks open.  Two eyes peek out just as a TRUCK RATTLES over it.  The THUNDER DOPPLERS AWAY and the cover opens. Neo, Trinity, Switch and Apoc climb out.  Trinity pulls a water-logged phone from her pocket.
134) 0) text: Neo crawls through the window that Cypher opened.
138) 2) text: Neo answers the phone when there is a CLICK.  There is no signal.  Nothing but silence.
138) 4) dialog: I don't know.  It just went dead.
141) 30) text: He stands over Neo.
141) 32) text: She turns to Neo, eyes wide with fear, and he knows he is next.
141) 36) dialog: It's Tank!  He's alive.
141) 37) text: Cypher lunges for Neo's plug just as Tank BLOWS his head off.
142) 0) text: They're both listening, trying to figure out what is happening when the store PHONE starts to RING. Trinity smiles, tears moistening her eyes as Neo throws his arms around her.  For a moment, it looks as if they might kiss before Trinity lets go.
142) 2) dialog: Yeah.  Right.
148) 0) text: Neo looks at Morpheus whose body is covered with a cold sweat.
148) 1) dialog: What are they doing to him?
148) 3) dialog: How?
148) 5) dialog: How much time?
148) 9) dialog: The access codes to Zion.
150) 0) text: Neo goes to his chair and begins strapping in.
150) 2) dialog: You need help.  I'm coming with you.
150) 4) dialog: Morpheus did what he did because he believed that I'm something that I'm not.
150) 6) dialog: I'm not the One, Trinity.  The Oracle told me.
150) 8) dialog: She said I had a gift but I still had a lot to learn.  She told me maybe next life.
150) 10) dialog: Why?  It wouldn't mean anything. He'd still believe what he wanted to believe.  But Morpheus is the one that matters.  He's more important than me and we both know it.
150) 12) dialog: I may not be what Morpheus thinks I am, but if I don't try to help him, then I'm not even what I think I am.
150) 14) dialog: His friend.
152) 0) text: Trinity and Neo hang motionless in the suspension unit. Tank is at the operations station.
153) 0) text: Racks of weapons appear and Neo and Trinity arm themselves.
153) 2) dialog: Yeah?
153) 4) dialog: That's why it's going to work.
157) 0) text: In long, black coats, Trinity and Neo push through the revolving doors. Neo is carrying a duffel bag.  Trinity has a large metal suitcase.  They cut across the lobby drawing nervous glances. Dark glasses, game faces. Several plainclothes cops try to stop them.  They are met by the MUTED SPIT of a SILENCED GUN and the RAZORED WHISTLE of THROWING STARS. The cops slump down to the marbled floor while Neo and Trinity do not even break stride.
159) 0) text: They get in.  Trinity immediately drops and opens the suitcase, wiring a plastique and napalm bomb. Beneath their trench coats is an arsenal of weapons slung from climbing harnesses. Neo hits the emergency stop.  He pulls down part of the false ceiling and finds the elevator shaft access panel.
161) 0) text: Neo ratchets down a clamp onto the elevator cable.  Both of them lock on.  He looks up the long, dark throat of the building and takes a deep breath.
161) 1) dialog: There is no spoon.
161) 2) text: Neo whips out his gun and presses it to the cable, lower than where they attached themselves. BOOM!  The CABLE SNAPS. The counter-weights plummet, yanking Trinity and Neo up through the shaft as -- The elevator falls away beneath them, distending space, filling it with the sound of WHISTLING METAL as they soar to the top.
165) 0) text: Nervous, the Marines watch as the ELEVATOR "DINGS" softly and slides open. Black smoke rises out of the exposed shaft. The nearest Marine eases to the edge, peering down at the churning blaze engulfing the lower levels. He does not see Trinity and Neo above him until it is too late. Krack!  Neo kicks, knocking the Marine flying down into the shaft. Before the others can react, Trinity flips out into the hall, decking the nearest Marine.  Neo cracks another. The fight is over before it begins.
167) 0) text: The roof-access tower is now engulfed in flames as Neo and Trinity lay waste to a dozen more Marines. Guns and knives, like extensions of their bodies used with the same deadly precision as their feet and their fists. Across the roof, the pilot inside the army helicopter watches the ferocious onslaught.
167) 2) text: Suddenly his face, his whole body dissolves, consumed by spreading locust-like swarm, of STATIC as -- Agent Jones emerges. Just as she drops the last Marine, Trinity sees what's coming. Neo sees her, the fear in her face, and he knows what is behind him. Screaming, he whirls, GUNS filling his hands with thought-speed. Fingers PUMPING, SHELLS ejecting, dancing up and away, we look through the sights and gun smoke at -- The Agent blurred with motion -- Until the HAMMERS CLICK against empty metal.
167) 3) dialog: Trinity!
167) 5) dialog: ... help.
167) 6) text: His GUN BOOMS as we enter the liquid space of -- Bullet-time. The AIR SIZZLES with wads of lead-like angry flies as Neo twists, bends, ducks just between them. Agent Jones still running, narrows the gap, the BULLETS coming faster until -- Neo bent impossibly back, one hand on the ground as a spiraling gray ball shears open his shoulder. He starts to scream as another digs a red groove across his thigh. He has only time to look up, to see the barrel when Agent Jones, standing over him, pulls the TRIGGER the final time. CLICK.  Empty. Neo rolls, reaching for another gun when around-house kick snaps his jaw.  Agent Jones grabs the gun and levels it at Neo.
167) 10) text: BOOM!  BOOM!  BOOM!  The body flies back with a flash of mercurial light and when it hits the ground -- It is the pilot. Trinity helps Neo up.
167) 11) dialog: Thanks.
167) 13) dialog: I'm fine.
167) 14) text: Neo is already looking at the helicopter.
167) 15) dialog: Can you fly that thing?
171) 3) text: The GUN jumps and BULLETS EXPLODE through the WINDOW in a cacophony of CRASHING GLASS -- As the Agents go for their weapons. But Neo is too close, the .50 CALIBER too fast and BULLETS are everywhere, perforating the room. Agent Smith is hit first, his body jack-knifing back, blood arcing out with a sudden flash of light -- Then Agent Brown, his GUN still FIRING as his body falls. And finally Agent Jones. Neo stares at Morpheus, trying to will him into action.
171) 4) dialog: Get up, Morpheus!  Get up!
171) 5) text: Morpheus sits unmoving, his head still down. Neo grabs the climbing rope just as marines burst into the adjoining room. He attaches only one end to his harness when they OPEN FIRE. Quickly he swings the GUN, SPRAYING the other room, WINDOWS SHATTERING, FURNITURE EXPLODING, marines diving for cover.
173) 0) text: Morpheus lifts his face into the room's rain.  His eyes, still white, begin to blink, twitch, then close. And when he opens them, they are again dark and flashing with fire. The Agents knife into the room, FIRING even as Neo's BULLET TRAILS chase them. Morpheus strains at his handcuffs. The Agents and the marines turn the tide, BLASTING LEAD, RICOCHETING, POCK-MARKING the COPTER. FIRING wildly, Neo turns to see Morpheus rising, snapping the handcuffs, starting for the window. Agent Smith stops and sees Morpheus run past the open bedroom door.
173) 3) dialog: He won't make it.
173) 4) text: Morpheus lunges, out of control -- As Neo spins, every move a whip crack -- Snapping the other rope-end onto a bolted bar. Morpheus begins to fall when Neo hurls himself into the wide blue empty space -- Flying for a moment. The rope snaking out behind him; an umbilical cord attached to a machine. As their two bodies, set in motion, rushing at each other on a seemingly magnetic course until -- They collide. Almost bouncing free of each other, arms, legs, scrambling, hands searching in furious desperation, finding hold and clinging. Until the line ends, snapping taut, cracking their fragile embrace.  Morpheus tumbles, legs flipping over, falling down -- The ground deliriously distant -- As Neo snatches hold of his mentor's still handcuffed wrist.
173) 5) dialog: Gotcha!
173) 8) text: Neo is pulling Morpheus up to him when he hears the HELICOPTER BEGIN TO DIE.
173) 9) dialog: Oh fuck.
173) 10) text: Trinity throws the helicopter towards the roof of the nearest building. Morpheus and Neo cling to one another as they and the machine above them begin to fall. The ENGINE GRINDS, the CHOPPING BLADES start to slow while -- The Agents stand in the open shattered window, watching the helicopter disappear behind taller buildings. Carried by its nomentum, Trinity guides the parabolic fall over the nearest roof where -- Neo and Morpheus drop safely, rolling free as the rope goes slack.  Neo gets to his feet, trying to detach himself but -- The helicopter is falling too fast, arcing over the roof like a setting sun -- The coils of slack snap taught -- Yanking Neo off his feet, dragging him with ferocious speed towards the edge even as -- Trinity lunges for the back door, her gun in one hand, grabbing for the rope with the other -- Neo flies like a skipping stone, hurtling straight AT us, when his feet hit the rain gutter -- A fulcrum that levers him up just as -- Trinity FIRES, severing the cord from the HELICOPTER, falling free of it as it SMASHES, blades first into a  glass skyscraper. Holding onto the rope she swings, connected to Neo, who stands on the building's edge watching her arc beneath him as the HELICOPTER EXPLODES -- She bounces against a shatterproof window that spider- cracks out while FLAMES ERUPT behind her.
175) 0) text: Neo pulls Trinity up into his arms.  Both shaking, they hold each other again.
175) 5) dialog: Morpheus, I know you won't believe me but the Oracle told ne I'm not the One.
178) 0) text: A metal gate is locked, the sign reading, "Station Closed."  Neo looks around, takes out a GUN and BLOWS OFF the LOCK. In the moist underground distance they hear the MUTED RING of a TELEPHONE. The PHONE is RINGING inside a graffiti-covered booth. Across from it, sitting hunched against the red concrete wall, is an OLD MAN.  He stares at the RINGING PHONE, taking a final pull off his T-bird.  No one is around. It continues to RING. Determined, he stands and walks to the booth.  He is about to answer the phone, when Neo sees him.
178) 1) dialog: Don't!
178) 2) text: The Old Man stops, Neo rushes at hin, gliding smoothly over the turnstiles.
178) 4) text: The Old Man is shaking, terrified.  Neo looks at his gun. He glances over his shoulder, then eases back the hammer.
178) 5) dialog: Get outta here.  Okay?  Run!  Go!
178) 8) dialog: It was nobody.
178) 9) text: Neo turns to the RINGING BOOTH.
178) 10) dialog: Let's go!  You first, Morpheus.
180) 0) text: As the Old Man stares. Trinity hangs up the phone.  She turns to Neo, standing close enough to kiss him.
180) 2) dialog: I believe...
180) 4) dialog: I want to kiss you.
180) 9) text: She pulls herself away and gets into the booth when something catches Neo's eye and he looks to where the Old Man had been. She hears him SCREAM and sees Agent Smith emerge as if formed by congealing darkness, charging with a fistful of metal. The GUN FIRES, the BULLET flying at her, BURSTING through the plastic WINDOW just as -- Trinity disappears. The handset hanging in the air as the BULLET HITS, SHATTERING the EAR-PIECE.
182) 0) text: GUN REPORT THUNDERS through the underground, both men BLASTING, moving at impossible speed. For a blinking noment we enter BULLET-TIME. Gun flash tongues curl from Neols gun, bullets float forward like a plane noving across the sky, cartridges cartwheel into space. An instant later they are nearly on top of each other, rolling up out of a move that is almost a mirrored reflection of the other -- Each jamming their gun tight to the other's head. They freeze in a kind of embrace; Neo sweating, panting, Agent Smith machine-calm. Agent Smith smiles.
182) 2) text: Neo pulls the TRIGGER.  CLICK.
182) 3) dialog: So are you.
182) 4) text: The smile falls.  Agent Smith yanks his TRIGGER. CLICK. Agent Smith's face warps with rage and he attacks, fist flying at furious speed, blows and counters, Neo retreating as -- A knife-hand opens his forearm, and a kick sends him slamming back against a steel column. Stunned, he ducks just under a punch that crunches into the beam, STEEL CHUNKS EXPLODING like shrapnel. Behind him, Neo leaps into the air, delivering a neck- snapping reverse round-house.  Agent Smith's glasses fly off and he glares at Neo; his eyes, ice blue.
182) 6) dialog: I already have.
183) 0) text: Trinity watches Neo as his body jerks, mouth coughing blood, his life signs going wild.
187) 0) text: Neo tries to get up.  Agent Smith jumps down onto the tracks and drop-kicks him in the face. The world begins to shake, RUMBLING as the TRAIN NEARS.
187) 2) text: Agent Smith grabs Neo in a choke-hold, forcing him to look down the tracks, the train's headlight burning a hole in the darkness.
187) 4) text: Neo sees it coming and he starts to fight.
187) 6) text: There is another METAL SCREECH, MUCH LOUDER, closer, as Agent Smith tightens his hold.  Neo is unable to breathe.
187) 8) text: The TRAIN ROARS at them, swallowing Agent Smith's words. The veins bulge in Neo's head, as he grits through the pain. He is not ready to die.
187) 9) dialog: My name is Neo.
187) 10) text: Impossibly, he hurls himself straight up, smashing Smith against the concrete ceiling of the tunnel. They fall as the sound and fury of the TRAIN EXPLODES INTO the station. Neo back-flips up off the tracks just as -- The train barrels over Agent Smith. Neo stands, knees shaking, when the train slams on its emergency brake.  With an ear-splitting SHRIEK of TORTURED RAILS, the train slows, part of it still in the station. Neo turns, limping, starting to run, racing for the escalator -- As the train comes to a stop and the doors of the last car open; Agent Smith bursts out in furious pursuit, his glasses again intact.
189) 0) text: A man sits in his Mercedes, talking on his car phone when his door is thrown open.  Neo yanks him out and jumps in. Further down the street, Agent Smith slows, calmly touching his ear-piece. Neo throws the car across traffic, rocketing down a side- street.
191) 2) dialog: Mr. Wizard, Get me the fuck out of here!
192) 0) text: Looking over his shoulder, watching the mirrors, Neo drives almost unconsciously.
192) 1) dialog: Hurry, Tank!  I got some serious pursuit!
194) 1) dialog: I'm trying, Trinity.  I'm trying.
194) 3) text: Neo glances to his right and sees Agent Brown, now driving the car beside his.  Agent Brown swerves, slamming into him.
194) 5) text: Neo fights the steering wheel as Agent Brown pushes the car up over the median.
194) 7) text: Neo drops the phone as his car bucks into the opposing lane -- Directly into the charging path of an enormous truck driven by Agent Smith. Neo dives from the Mercedes as the truck plows into it, rending metal and GLASS, crushing through, totaling other cars, as it EXPLODES. Neo is up and running even as orange and black clouds billow up behind hin.
195) 0) text: Three figures silhouette by the burning wreckage become the three agents. Further down the street, Neo hauls his broken, bleeding ass. Agents Brown and Smith slow, touching their ear-pieces as Agent Jones continues chasing full-bore. Neo spins around a corner, racing toward a hotel called: the Heart of Chicago Hotel. Only Agent Jones is behind him now. Neo dives into the alley.  At the far end he sees Agent Brown charging.  Neo leaps for the fire escape and begins to climb.
199) 0) text: The agents chase him, FIRING, BULLETS SPARKING and RICOCHETING even as Neo jumps for the third-floor platform. Neo kicks in the window, jumping into the hall.  The doors count backwards:  310...  309...
201) 0) text: Neo can hear the PHONE RINGING. 305...  304... Agent Brown reaches the broken window behind him just as Neo grabs the handle of 303, throwing open the door to find -- Agent Sniith, waiting, .45 cocked. Neo can't move -- can't think -- BOOM.
202) 0) text: Neo's body jerks, and everyone hears it as the life monitors snap flat-line. Trinity screams.  Morpheus is frozen in disbelief.
203) 0) text: Three holes in his chest, Neo falls to the blue shag carpeting, blood smearing down the wallpaper. Agent Smith stands over him, still aiming, taking no chances.
204) 0) text: Through the lasered opening, Morpheus screams, blasting away at the machines; comet-wads of plasma burning holes in their armored housings. Trinity collapses onto Neo's body.
206) 0) text: Tank is hit, a laser bolt knocking him to the ground. They can't hold them off any longer.  Morpheus lunges for the self destruct -- As Trinity whispers in Neo's ear.
207) 0) text: The agents walk to the elevator, leaving Neo's body behind.
211) 0) text: Neo struggles, holding his chest, sitting up.  Down the hall, he sees the elevator closing and -- Agent Smith staring at him as if he were looking at a Cypher. Neo gives him the finger.
213) 0) text: Neo dives for the RINGING PHONE.
216) 6) dialog: Hi.  It's me.  I know you're out there.  I know you're working as fast as you can to catch me.
216) 8) dialog: I thought I should call and let you know how things stand.
216) 10) dialog: I know you're real proud of this world you've built, the way it works, all the nice little rules and such, but I've got some bad news.
216) 12) dialog: I've decided to make a few changes.
216) 13) text: We SHOOT THROUGH the holes as Neo hangs up the phone. He steps out of the phone booth and starts walking, wearing a long black coat and dark glasses.  He passes a mother dragging her little BOY, who cranes his neck as -- Neo takes off, flying up into the air.
216) 18) text: There is a RUSH of AIR as the Boy stares up as Neo shoots overhead.  His coat billowing like a black leather cape as he soars up, up, and away.