0) 2) text: The room is almost devoid of furniture.  There is a fold- up table and chair with a phone, a modern, and a powerboo computer.  The only light in the room is the glow of the computer. Sitting there, her hands still on the keyboard, is  TRINITY; a woman in black leather.
0) 4) text: Trinity rises.
2) 0) text: The Big Cop flicks out his cuffs, the other cops holding  a bead.  They've done this a hundred times, they know  they've got her, until the Big Cop reaches with the cuff  and Trinity moves -- It almost doesn't register, so smooth and fast, inhumanly fast. The eye blinks and Trinity's palm. snaps up and the nose  explodes, blood erupting.  The cop is dead before he begins to fall. And Trinity is moving again -- Seizing a wrist, misdirecting a gun, as a startled cop 
2) 2) dialog: Shit.
4) 0) text: Trinity is on the phone, pacing.  The other end is  answered.
4) 2) dialog: Morpheus!  The link was traced!  I don't know how.
4) 4) dialog: Are there any agents?
4) 6) dialog: Goddamnit!
4) 9) dialog: All right --
5) 0) text: She bursts out of the room as Agent Brown enters the hall leading another unit of police.  Trinity races to the  opposite end, exiting through a broken window onto the  fire escape.
6) 0) text: In the alley below, Trinity sees Agent Smith staring at  her.  She can only go up.
7) 0) text: On the roof, Trinity is running as Agent Brown rises over the parapet, leading the cops in pursuit. Trinity begins to jump from one roof to the next, her  moverents so clean, gliding in and out of each jump, contrasted to the wild jumps of the cops. Agent Brown, however, has the same unnatural grace. The METAL SCREAM of an EL TRAIN is heard and Trinity  turns to it, racing for the back of the building. The edge falls away into a wide back alley.  The next  building is over 40 feet away, but Trinity's face is  perfectly calm, staring at some point beyond the other  roof. The cops slow, realizing they are about to see something  ugly as Trinity drives at the edge, launching herself  into the air. From above, the ground seems to flow beneath her as she  hangs in flight Then hitting, somersaulting up, still running hard.
7) 2) text: They stare, slack-jawed, as Agent Brown duplicates the  move exactly, landing, rolling over a shoulder, up onto  one knee. Just below the building are the runbling tracks of  riveted steel.  The TRAIN SCREECHES beneath her, a  rattling blur of gray metal.  Trinity junps, landing easily. She looks back just as Agent Brown hurls through the air  barely reaching the last car Agent Brown stands, yanking out a gun. Trinity is running hard as BULLETS WHISTLE past her head. Ahead she sees her only chance, 50 feet beyond the point  where the train has begun to turn, there is -- A window; a yellow glow in the midst of a dark brick building. Trinity zeroes in on it, running as hard as she can, her  speed compounded by the train.  The SCREAM of the STEEL  rises as she nears the edge where the train rocks into th turn. Trinity hurtles into the empty night space, her body  leveling into a dive.  She falls, arms covering her head as -- The whole world seems to spin on its axis -- And she crashes with an EXPLOSION of GLASS and WOOD, then falls onto a back stairwell, tumbling, bouncing down stairs bleeding, broken -- But still alive. Through the smashed window, she glimpses Agent Brown, still on the train, his tie and coat whipping in the wind; stone-faced, he touches his ear piece as the train  slides him past the window. Trinity tries to move.  Everything hurts.
7) 3) dialog: Get up, Trinity.  You're fine. Get up -- just get up!
8) 0) text: Trinity emerges from the shadows of an alley and, at the  end of the block, in a pool of white street light, she sees it. The telephone booth. Obviously hurt, she starts down the concrete walk, focusing in completely, her pace quickening, as the PHONE begins to RING. Across the street, a garbage truck suddenly u-turns, its  TIRES SCREAMING as it accelerates. Trinity sees the headlights on the truck arcing at the telephone booth as if taking aim. Gritting through the pain, she races the truck -- Slamming into the booth, the headlights blindingly bright, bearing down on the box of Plexiglas just as -- She answers the phone. There is a frozen instant of silence before the hulking  mass of dark metal lurches up onto the sidewalk -- Barreling through the booth, bulldozing it into a brick wall, smashing it to Plexiglas pulp. After a moment, a black loafer steps down from the cab of the garbage truck.  Agent Smith inspects the wreckage. There is no body.  Trinity is gone. His jaw sets as he grinds his molars in frustration. AGENT JONES walks up behind him.
12) 0) text: An older Chicago apartment; a series of halls connects a  chain of small high-ceilinged rooms lined with heavy casements. Smoke hangs like a veil, blurring the few lights there  are. Dressed predominantly in black, people are everywhere, gathered in cliques around pieces of furniture like jungle cats around a tree. Neo stands against a wall, alone, sipping from a bottle of beer, feeling completely out of place, he is about to leave when he notices a woman staring at him. The woman is Trinity.  She walks straight up to him. In the nearest room, shadow-like figures grind against each other to the pneumatic beat of INDUSTRIAL MUSIC.
12) 1) dialog: Hello, Neo.
12) 3) dialog: I know a lot about you.  I've been wanting to meet you for some time.
12) 5) dialog: My name is Trinity.
12) 7) dialog: That was a long time ago.
12) 9) dialog: What?
12) 11) dialog: Most guys do.
12) 14) dialog: No.  It's safe here and I don't have much time.
12) 17) dialog: I had to gamble that you would see and they wouldn't.
12) 19) dialog: I can't explain everything to you. I'm sure that it's all going to seem very strange, but I brought you here to warn you, Neo.  You are in a lot of danger.
12) 21) dialog: They're watching you.  Something happened and they found out about you.  Normally, if our target is exposed we let it go.  But this time, we can't do that.
12) 23) dialog: You came here because you wanted to know the answer to a hacker's question.
12) 25) dialog: Twelve years ago I met a man, a great man, who said that no one could be told the answer to that question.  That they had to see it, to believe it.
12) 27) dialog: He told me that no one should look for the answer unless they have to because once you see it, everything changes.  Your life and the world you live in will never be the same.  It's as if you wake up one morning and the sky is falling.
12) 29) dialog: The truth is out there, Neo.  It's looking for you and it will find you, if you want it to.
12) 31) dialog: That's all I can tell you right now.  Good-bye, Neo.  And good luck.
12) 34) dialog: You know who.
17) 0) text: The agents lead a handcuffed Neo out of the revolving doors, forcing his head down as they push him into the dark sedan. Trinity watches in the rear view mirror of her motorcycle.
17) 1) dialog: Shit.
22) 0) text: Still shaking his head, Neo realizes he is not alone.  A man named Cabie is aiming a big gun at him.  Trinity is next to him, talking into a cellular phone.
22) 1) dialog: We got him.  Call the chop-shop.
22) 3) dialog: Listen to me, Neo.  You have to, trust us.
22) 6) dialog: This has to be done for your protection and ours.
22) 8) dialog: You can't understand right now, but if you're not one of us, you're one of them.
23) 0) text: A featureless black van glides up to a staircase that curls down from the city's surface. trinity guides the blind Neo down the steps.  The back of the van slaps open, revealing a young, skinny man who looks to be still in his teens, wearing an outfit that is a cross between a surgeon and a telephone repair man. His name is GIZMO and he smiles lewdly at Trinity, exposing his teeth that are wired with weird-looking braces.
23) 2) dialog: Hello, Gizmo.
23) 5) dialog: Yeah.
23) 7) dialog: Are you going to help us or aren't you?
24) 6) dialog: We think you're bugged.  We can't take you to Morpheus until you're clean.
24) 16) dialog: What's happening?
24) 21) dialog: Do something!
24) 23) dialog: Are you crazy?  That will kill him.
24) 28) dialog: Clear.
24) 34) text: Trinity touches Neo, who is just beginning to breathe. She eases the tape off his eyes.
24) 35) dialog: Neo, are you okay?
24) 37) dialog: It's over.  We got it.
25) 0) text: The van stops in a deserted alley behind a forgotten hotel.  The doors open and Trinity helps Neo get out.
25) 1) dialog: Thanks for your help, Gizmo.
25) 5) text: Trinity turns around.
25) 6) dialog: Gizmo, you don't have the hardware to handle this software.
25) 7) text: He howls with adolescent laughter as the van pulls away. Trinity turns to Neo.
25) 8) dialog: Let's go.  He's waiting.
26) 0) text: It is a place of putrefying elegance, a rotting host of urban maggotry. Trinity leads Neo from the stairwell down the hall of the thirteenth floor.  They stop outside room 1313.
26) 1) dialog: This is it.
26) 3) dialog: Let me give one piece of advice. Be honest.  He knows more than you can possibly imagine.
27) 6) text: He nods to Trinity.
27) 55) text: He leads Neo into the other room, which is cramped with high-tech equipment, glowing ash-bliie and electric green from the racks of monitors. Trinity, Apoc and Cypher look up as they enter.
27) 57) dialog: I knew he would.
27) 63) text: He and Trinity are working quickly, hardwiring a complex system of monitors, modules and drives.
27) 69) text: Neo sits and Trinity begins gently fixing white electrode disks to his head, arns, and the back of his neck.
27) 76) text: Neo whispers to Trinity.
27) 82) text: Cypher works with Apoc checking reams of phosphorescent data.  Trinity monitors Neo's electric vital signs. Neo reaches out to touch the mirror and his fingers disappear beneath the rippling surface. Quickly, he tries to pull his fingers out but the mirror stretches in long rubbery strands like mirrored-taffy stuck to his fingertips.
27) 87) dialog: It's going into replication.
27) 97) dialog: I got a fibrillation!
27) 102) text: An ALARM, on Trinity's monitor ERUPTS.
27) 103) dialog: He's going into arrest!
30) 0) text: The metal harness opens and drops the half-conscious Neo onto the floor. Human hands and arms help him up as he finds himself looking straight at Morpheus. Trinity and Apoc.  And others, dressed in bizarre, high- tech combat gear. Morpheus smiles.
30) 7) text: Neo's eyes flutter open.  We see Trinity's face above us, angelic in the fluorescent glow of a light stick.
30) 10) dialog: Far from it.
33) 2) text: Trinity smiles and nods.
35) 2) dialog: Easy, Neo.  Easy.
35) 3) text: Dozer holds him while Trinity unlocks it.  Once it's out, he tears away from them, falling as he trips free of the harness.
49) 7) text: Trinity stares at the screen, her fists clenching as she whispers.
49) 8) dialog: Come on.
51) 4) text: But Trinity has left. Neo's eyes open as Tank eases the plug out.  He tries to move and groans, cradling his ribs. While Tank helps Morpheus, Neo spits blood into his hand.
52) 0) text: Trinity enters from the hall, carrying a try of food.
52) 1) dialog: Neo, I saved you some dinner --
59) 2) dialog: Yeah.
59) 4) dialog: Lots of things.
59) 6) text: Trinity looks at him, then looks away.
59) 7) dialog: Some of them.
59) 9) dialog: There's no point in worrylng. Whatever is going to happen is going to happen.
60) 5) text: Cypher and Trinity move away from them, securing the perimeter.  As Cypher passes a garbage can, he surreptitiously drops something inside. It is a cellular phone and we watch the blue display as the LINE CONNECTS. An early 1970s, black Lincoln Continental emerges from a corrugated roll-up garage.  Morpheus and Neo get in.
70) 0) text: Storm clouds shroud the streets as the sky turns jaundice. Cypher nervously glances down the surrounding streets. He notices several unmarked white vans. He mops the sweat from his forehead, when Trinity sees the black Lincoln.
70) 1) dialog: Here they come.
76) 0) text: Trinity turns around, her face tight.
76) 1) dialog: What did you just say?
76) 3) dialog: What happened?  What did you see?
76) 5) dialog: How much like it?  Was it the same cat?
76) 7) text: Trinity looks at Morpheus, who listens quietly to the rasping breath of the old building.
76) 9) dialog: A deja vu is usually a glitch in the Matrix.  It happens when they change something.
85) 1) dialog: Oh, God.
90) 4) dialog: They'll be able to track it.
109) 2) text: Trinity finds her gun first.  BULLET-HOLES POP out the WALL as she STRAFES the room, sending cops diving for cover. They continue, Trinity exposed for a roment, when a creeping cop smashes a fist through and grabs a fistful of her hair. He starts to yank her out when Neo kicks, his boot bursting through plaster and splintering lathe, knocking the Cop out. They then quickly sink out of sight.
116) 0) text: Neo punches out the screen and then spills down into the main water trough. Oily water forms around them as they wade across the man- made underground river, towards the service catwalk. Neo is about to pull himself out when he sees them coming Flashlights and laser sites sweep at them as cops in helmets and heavy armor, looking more nachine than human, fill both ends of the tunnel. There is a single manhole cover above them. Morpheus whispers to Trinity.
116) 2) dialog: Morpheus, don't --
116) 8) text: Trinity urges the others to follow her.  Grabbing Neo, they wade quietly away from the chaos.
118) 0) text: Trinity leads the others, fading into the darkness of the tunnel, lit only with shafts of lights streaming through the street drains as we RISE TOWARDS them -- THROUGH a grate INTO the fight.
122) 0) text: A manhole cover cracks open.  Two eyes peek out just as a TRUCK RATTLES over it.  The THUNDER DOPPLERS AWAY and the cover opens. Neo, Trinity, Switch and Apoc climb out.  Trinity pulls a water-logged phone from her pocket.
122) 1) dialog: We need a phone.
127) 2) dialog: Tank, it's me.
128) 0) text: They are outside a pawn shop.  Trinity has a new cellular
128) 1) dialog: We need an exit!
128) 3) dialog: Cypher, I thought --
128) 5) dialog: Got it.
132) 0) text: Trinity sees the appliance shop.
138) 1) dialog: You first,.Neo.
138) 3) dialog: What happened?
138) 5) text: Trinity listens to the dead line and takes out the cellular.
140) 0) text: Trinity can almost feel him watching them.  Every unanswered RING wrings her gut a little tighter, until --
140) 2) dialog: Cypher?  Where's Tank?
140) 4) dialog: An accident?  What about Dozer? Is Dozer there?
141) 0) text: He walks over to Trinity's body, staring down at it hanging in its coma-like stillness.
141) 5) dialog: You killed them.
141) 12) dialog: What about Zion?
141) 15) dialog: Oh rny God.  This is abzut Zion. You gave them Morpheus for the access codes to Zion.
141) 18) dialog: The Matrix isn't real!
141) 25) dialog: Somehow, some way, you're going to pay for this.
141) 28) dialog: Goddamn you, Cypher!
142) 0) text: They're both listening, trying to figure out what is happening when the store PHONE starts to RING. Trinity smiles, tears moistening her eyes as Neo throws his arms around her.  For a moment, it looks as if they might kiss before Trinity lets go.
142) 1) dialog: We should, we should hurry.
143) 0) text: Trinity's eyes open, a sense of relief surging through her at the sight of the ship.  As Tank unplugs her, she sees his charred wounds.
143) 1) dialog: Tank, you're hurt.
143) 3) dialog: Dozer?
143) 5) dialog: I'm sorry, Tank.
148) 11) text: He looks up at Trinity who is pacing relentlessly.
148) 13) text: Trinity sees Cypher's dead body.  Rage overtakes her and she starts kicking hin.
148) 14) dialog: Goddamnit!  Goddamnit!
148) 16) dialog: No!
148) 20) dialog: I'm going in after him.
148) 22) dialog: If he does I'm sure you'll do what has to be done.
148) 26) dialog: No.  No, I don't think you do.  If you did, then you would know that I'm not letting him go.  Not without a fight, Tank.
148) 28) dialog: Not without a fight.
150) 1) dialog: What do you think you're doing?
150) 3) dialog: No.  No way.  Morpheus sacrificed himself so you could escape. There's no way you're going back in.
150) 5) dialog: What?
150) 7) text: Trinity is stunned.
150) 9) dialog: Did you tell Morpheus?
150) 13) dialog: What are you?
152) 0) text: Trinity and Neo hang motionless in the suspension unit. Tank is at the operations station.
152) 2) dialog: Guns.  Lots of guns.
153) 0) text: Racks of weapons appear and Neo and Trinity arm themselves.
153) 1) dialog: No one has ever done anything like this.
157) 0) text: In long, black coats, Trinity and Neo push through the revolving doors. Neo is carrying a duffel bag.  Trinity has a large metal suitcase.  They cut across the lobby drawing nervous glances. Dark glasses, game faces. Several plainclothes cops try to stop them.  They are met by the MUTED SPIT of a SILENCED GUN and the RAZORED WHISTLE of THROWING STARS. The cops slump down to the marbled floor while Neo and Trinity do not even break stride.
159) 0) text: They get in.  Trinity immediately drops and opens the suitcase, wiring a plastique and napalm bomb. Beneath their trench coats is an arsenal of weapons slung from climbing harnesses. Neo hits the emergency stop.  He pulls down part of the false ceiling and finds the elevator shaft access panel.
161) 2) text: Neo whips out his gun and presses it to the cable, lower than where they attached themselves. BOOM!  The CABLE SNAPS. The counter-weights plummet, yanking Trinity and Neo up through the shaft as -- The elevator falls away beneath them, distending space, filling it with the sound of WHISTLING METAL as they soar to the top.
164) 0) text: Hanging by a rope, Trinity hot-wires the panel for the door.
165) 0) text: Nervous, the Marines watch as the ELEVATOR "DINGS" softly and slides open. Black smoke rises out of the exposed shaft. The nearest Marine eases to the edge, peering down at the churning blaze engulfing the lower levels. He does not see Trinity and Neo above him until it is too late. Krack!  Neo kicks, knocking the Marine flying down into the shaft. Before the others can react, Trinity flips out into the hall, decking the nearest Marine.  Neo cracks another. The fight is over before it begins.
167) 0) text: The roof-access tower is now engulfed in flames as Neo and Trinity lay waste to a dozen more Marines. Guns and knives, like extensions of their bodies used with the same deadly precision as their feet and their fists. Across the roof, the pilot inside the army helicopter watches the ferocious onslaught.
167) 2) text: Suddenly his face, his whole body dissolves, consumed by spreading locust-like swarm, of STATIC as -- Agent Jones emerges. Just as she drops the last Marine, Trinity sees what's coming. Neo sees her, the fear in her face, and he knows what is behind him. Screaming, he whirls, GUNS filling his hands with thought-speed. Fingers PUMPING, SHELLS ejecting, dancing up and away, we look through the sights and gun smoke at -- The Agent blurred with motion -- Until the HAMMERS CLICK against empty metal.
167) 8) text: Suddenly Agent Jones stops.  Something is wrong.  He scans the roof.  Trinity is gone. Immediately, he whirls around and turns straight into the muzzle of her .45 -- Jammed right into his head.
167) 9) dialog: Dodge this, motherfucker!
167) 10) text: BOOM!  BOOM!  BOOM!  The body flies back with a flash of mercurial light and when it hits the ground -- It is the pilot. Trinity helps Neo up.
167) 12) dialog: You're hit --
167) 16) dialog: Not yet.
168) 2) dialog: Tank, I need a pilot program for a military M-109 helicopter.
168) 4) dialog: Hurry!
168) 5) text: His fingers flash over the gleaming laser disks, finding one that he feeds into Trinityls supplement drive, punching the "load" cormands on her keyboard.
169) 0) text: Trinity's eyes flutter as information surges into her brain, all the essentials of flying a helicopter absorbed at light-speed.
169) 1) dialog: Let's go.
173) 6) text: Trinity is already pulling the copter up and away. As Agent Smith grabs the M-16 from the nearest marine. He'll bring them all down.  Targeting the helicopter, he aims at something only he can see: the oil line. PONK.  PONK.  PONK.  The rear HULL is PUNCHED full of holes and smoke and oil pours out like black blood.
173) 7) dialog: Shit-shit-no!
173) 10) text: Trinity throws the helicopter towards the roof of the nearest building. Morpheus and Neo cling to one another as they and the machine above them begin to fall. The ENGINE GRINDS, the CHOPPING BLADES start to slow while -- The Agents stand in the open shattered window, watching the helicopter disappear behind taller buildings. Carried by its nomentum, Trinity guides the parabolic fall over the nearest roof where -- Neo and Morpheus drop safely, rolling free as the rope goes slack.  Neo gets to his feet, trying to detach himself but -- The helicopter is falling too fast, arcing over the roof like a setting sun -- The coils of slack snap taught -- Yanking Neo off his feet, dragging him with ferocious speed towards the edge even as -- Trinity lunges for the back door, her gun in one hand, grabbing for the rope with the other -- Neo flies like a skipping stone, hurtling straight AT us, when his feet hit the rain gutter -- A fulcrum that levers him up just as -- Trinity FIRES, severing the cord from the HELICOPTER, falling free of it as it SMASHES, blades first into a  glass skyscraper. Holding onto the rope she swings, connected to Neo, who stands on the building's edge watching her arc beneath him as the HELICOPTER EXPLODES -- She bounces against a shatterproof window that spider- cracks out while FLAMES ERUPT behind her.
175) 0) text: Neo pulls Trinity up into his arms.  Both shaking, they hold each other again.
175) 2) dialog: Morpheus!
176) 1) dialog: Tank, get us out of here.
176) 3) dialog: See ya soon.
178) 6) text: The Old Man nods, turns and hurries deeper into the urban cave, disappearing into the shadows as Trinity and Morpheus arrive.
178) 7) dialog: What happened?  Was that --
180) 0) text: As the Old Man stares. Trinity hangs up the phone.  She turns to Neo, standing close enough to kiss him.
180) 1) dialog: Morpheus is right, you know.  It doesn't matter what he believes or even what the Oracle believes. What matters is what you believe.
180) 6) dialog: I want to kiss you too...
180) 8) dialog: But I want it to be real.
180) 9) text: She pulls herself away and gets into the booth when something catches Neo's eye and he looks to where the Old Man had been. She hears him SCREAM and sees Agent Smith emerge as if formed by congealing darkness, charging with a fistful of metal. The GUN FIRES, the BULLET flying at her, BURSTING through the plastic WINDOW just as -- Trinity disappears. The handset hanging in the air as the BULLET HITS, SHATTERING the EAR-PIECE.
181) 0) text: Trinity blinks, shivering as her conscious exits the Construct.
181) 1) dialog: Neo!
181) 3) dialog: An Agent!  You have to send me back!
183) 0) text: Trinity watches Neo as his body jerks, mouth coughing blood, his life signs going wild.
183) 1) dialog: Jesus, he's killing him!
185) 1) dialog: Send me back, Tank!  Anywhere!
185) 3) text: From the cockpit, an ALARM sounds.  Morpheus hurries to the front console, typing, bringing up the radar. Trinity follows him.
185) 4) dialog: What is it... oh no.
185) 6) dialog: Sentinels.
188) 1) dialog: You can't use that until Neo is out!
193) 0) text: The keyboard clicking, Tank searches for an exit. Trinity screams into the headset.
193) 1) dialog: Neo, you better get your ass back here!
200) 1) dialog: Where is he?
200) 4) dialog: Hurry, Neo.
202) 0) text: Neo's body jerks, and everyone hears it as the life monitors snap flat-line. Trinity screams.  Morpheus is frozen in disbelief.
204) 0) text: Through the lasered opening, Morpheus screams, blasting away at the machines; comet-wads of plasma burning holes in their armored housings. Trinity collapses onto Neo's body.
204) 1) dialog: No-no-no!  Neo, you're not dead! You can't be dead!
206) 0) text: Tank is hit, a laser bolt knocking him to the ground. They can't hold them off any longer.  Morpheus lunges for the self destruct -- As Trinity whispers in Neo's ear.
206) 1) dialog: You're right here.  I'm holding  you, Neo.  I'm not letting you go. Do you hear me?  I won't let you go.
208) 1) dialog: Goddamnit, Neo!  Don't give it up! Not now!
208) 3) dialog: Not now!
210) 0) text: Trinity screams as the monitors jump back to life.  Tank and Morpheus stare, unbelieving. It is a miracle.
210) 1) dialog: Now get up!
214) 1) dialog: Now!
216) 1) dialog: Neo?