47) 0) text: A RANGE ROVER SCREECHES up.  At gunpoint, Lars and Lunt  manhandle Hoag into the lab.
48) 0) text: Lars and Lunt hustle Hoag in.  The lab is on.  The  screens run -- scrolling through the video log of  Archer's surgery. Hoag sees his terrified assistants -- bound with duct tape.
119) 0) text: A plank in the fence swings aside as Archer slips into the yard.  He peers out from behind the garage. A cop sits in a lawn chair, tuning a POLICE-BAND RADIO. Archer approaches the bird feeder.  Quietly, he sticks his hand inside -- and searches for the key. Just when he grabs it -- CAW-CAW -- an annoying BLUEBIRD hovers over Archer.  The cop looks over -- but Archer is gone.  All Lars sees is the bird.
132) 2) dialog: Think she knows?
136) 2) text: peers down through scope -- seeing... Castor and Eve as they emerge from their limo. Eve glances around, searching for Archer.  She comes eye- to-eye with Lars -- who is watching her every move. Archer TRACKS Castor and Eve as they sit in the front row.  The ceremony begins.
136) 24) text: Lars -- take Jamie, bring the car around, then meet us at that boathouse... Guests head for their cars.  Eve seizes the moment and steps over to Wanda and Buzz.
136) 27) text: Sure... what's wrong? But then Eve looks past Wanda -- and sees Lars looking at her -- tightening his "friendly" grip on Jamie's shoulder.
138) 0) text: Lars and Jamie pull up in the car.  Lars listens to his headset -- knows something is wrong.
138) 1) dialog: Don't fucking move...
139) 5) text: It's pay-back time. Aldo aims at Castor when BOOM!  He's blown apart. Lars charges in -- BLASTING. Archer grabs a block-and-tackle as -- Lunt dives for Aldo's fallen machine-pistol.  Archer swings the block-and-tackle -- whacking Lunt across the head. Castor scoops up his pistol but Eve kicks him hard in the balls.  He doubles over. Archer snatches away the MACHINE PISTOL.  Staggered -- Lunt is quickly riddled by Dietrich. Castor and Lars BLAZE at the now-scattering intruders -- driving them back amid the shot's tools and drums.
142) 0) text: During the GUN BATTLE -- we INTERCUT the deaths of Dietrich, Lars and Sasha WITH:
143) 0) text: being scattered at sea. Castor and Lars RIDDLE Sasha.  She drops.  Archer FIRES back -- killing Lars and driving Castor back. Archer leans beside the mortally-wounded Sasha.