0) 15) dialog: Jon, these people have been working round the clock -- you gotta cut them some slack... Archer considers his best friend's advice -- then...
4) 5) dialog: A jet was chartered at Anderson Airfield.  Guess who just showed up to pay for it?  Pollux Troy.
4) 7) dialog: But there's still no sign of Castor...
8) 2) dialog: You're not playing chicken with two tons of aluminum...
9) 0) text: The jet hatch pops open -- Castor leaps from it, FIRING. Two FBI agents drop -- riddled. Pollux appears at the hatch -- an FBI sharpshooter FIRES, grazing Pollux's shoulder.  Staggered, Pollux falls -- Castor catches him before he hits the floor -- simultaneously BLASTING the sharpshooter. Castor drags Pollux back into the smoke-filled hangar. Archer arrives and quickly checks the dead agents, his anger building.  He signals Tito and the others to spread out.
9) 4) dialog: -- not unless you want that 200 I.Q. splattered all over the floor. (as Archer approaches)
9) 14) dialog: Tell me he didn't get away again... Then Tito follows Archer's gaze to Castor's lifeless body.  Still as death -- somehow his mocking smile survives.
16) 0) text: Sitting at his computer -- Archer scrolls through Castor's file.  He grimly contemplates face-after-face of Troy's victims -- finally pausing on a photo of his son Matthew. Burying his feeling, he types "CASE CLOSED" over Castor's image.  Archer starts to press "enter" when Tito comes in.
16) 2) dialog: He needs some surgery, but he's going to be okay.  That's the good news...
16) 4) dialog: ... Brodie and Miller from Special Ops need to see you.
17) 0) text: Archer, Lazarro, Tito, Brodie, Miller and other FBI officials watch the monitor.  Pollux remains implacable
21) 8) dialog: Don't worry, sir.  It's all an act... But as Lazarro leaves -- we see Tito's worried, too.
22) 2) dialog: Just Dietrich's sister... In another booth, a careworn but striking woman sits with a little boy on her lap.  She gently helps him Crayola a book.  This is SASHA HASSLER (30) and her son ADAM (5).
23) 0) text: Archer hovers over Sasha -- her maternal warmth replaced by an icy hatred.  Tito and the child are gone.
31) 1) dialog: Jon, this is goddam insane.  You can't do it. Archer says nothing... it's too late for debate.  Tito parks.  The men get out and head for the lab.
31) 2) dialog: You haven't got a chance in hell of fooling Pollux.  Castor drinks, smokes and walks around with a 24- hour hard-on.  He's nothing like you --
31) 4) dialog: It's not that simple, Jon... Becoming another person -- especially him -- nobody can come all the way back from that... not even you. Archer considers his friend's words... He toys with, then removes, his wedding bang.
32) 7) text: (INTERCUT huge video screen enlargements of Archer and Castor's body parts as necessary): Globules of adipose tissue are siphoned off Archer's  obliques.  At the same time... Hoag recreates the "Great Sphinx" tattoo on Archer's thigh.  We PUSH IN ON his leg, then PULL BACK to reveal... Archer and Tito.  The CLOSE UP on his leg becomes a FULL SHOT as he walks across the rooftop -- like himself. Tito demonstrated the proper "Castor gait": dangerously casual, like a panther. Hoag reproduces Castor's fingerprints... then layers them over Archer's fingers. Archer practices Castor's icy, killer glare.  Tito hands him a lit cigarette.  Archer brings the cigarette to his lips -- then coughs harshly.  But he keeps trying. Castor smiles... then smirks and laughs.  PULL BACK to reveal Archer studying surveillance footage of Castor on a monitor-screen -- mimicking him. Archer fusses with his new hair, trying to cover the thin spots.  Giving  up, he zips up his sweatshirt -- getting the zipper caught in his new chest hair.
33) 0) text: Tito tosses a pistol.  Archer catches it with his right hand.  But to Archer's surprise, Tito frowns.
33) 1) dialog: Nice catch.  But you used the wrong hand. He takes the pistol away -- and slaps it in Archer's left hand.  Then Tito shoves him -- challengingly.
33) 2) dialog: Shoot me. (as Archer doesn't move)
33) 3) text: Shoot me! Tito pulls the gun against his own forehead.
33) 4) dialog: You want to be Castor Troy?  If you hesitate for a breath, you're finished!  Now -- shoot me!  Kill me! Archer holds the gun unsteadily.  Tito is disgusted.
33) 5) dialog: You can't do it... because Castor is tougher than you... BOOM!  The GUN goes off -- the slug tears past Tito's head.  Shocked, he touches his left ear, making sure it's still there. Then Tito looks at Archer -- and sees the determination.
37) 0) text: A head swathed in gauze.  The bandages start to fall  away. Tito, Miller and Brodie wait as Hoag removes the gauze. The patient looks into a mirror. Jon Archer has become Castor Troy. he touches his new face.  Archer stares... the cold reality chilling his blood. Archer buckles -- unprepared emotionally for what he's done to himself.  For a moment, he seems to teeter on madness.
37) 1) dialog: Jon -- are you all right? Archer can't respond... he's somewhere the others can't comprehend.  Finally he emerges... shaken, but in control. TITO enters.  Instinctively, he grabs for his holster.
37) 7) dialog: We're down to 72 hours.  Let's call Lazarro.  Castor Troy just came out of his coma.
39) 0) text: As Lazarro watches -- Tito escorts out a heavily-manacled "Castor."  Two armed agents leap from the chopper and  take charge of "Castor."  He follows them pliantly, until --
39) 1) dialog: Watch this hard-case -- he'll bite your nuts off if he gets the chance! Archer gets the message.  He starts to resist the agents  and must be muscled into the chopper.  He's manacled  down. Eye contact between Archer and Tito -- both aware of this very real point of departure.  The CHOPPER DOOR SLAMS SHUT.  It lifts off like a twister and SCREAMS away.
87) 0) text: Archer's heart sinks as he sees the yellow police cordon taped across Tito's front door.  Some teenage cholos notice him -- so Archer keeps right on going.
91) 0) text: The automatic door lifts -- revealing Tito's old Buick. The big V-8 RUMBLES as Archer pulls out.  He doesn't get far as... menacing CHOLOS block his way.