1) 0) text: A street anchored by project housing and littered with br down cars and ne'er-do-wells. Lots of folks out, milling about, but our focus is on A TEENAGER in the distance, mo TOWARD US in SLO-MO while everyone else is at normal spee He's extremely large, six and a half feet, but he careful steps instead of strutting. His name is MICHAEL OHER.
2) 0) text: Looks like a government office. Not much more than a desk either side of which sit INVESTIGATOR GRANGER, an African American woman in a business suit, and Michael Oher. Mich slumps a bit, eyes the ground and rubs his hands on his k - a nervous trait of his.
2) 3) dialog: Iono [I don't know]... Investigator Granger sifts through her briefcase, pulls o files, documents - a good bit of evidence for whatever trouble Michael is in. She sits back, stares at Michael, as if trying to figure out. Michael can't meet her gaze. He looks out the window rubs his knees some more.
2) 4) dialog: Can I... can I leave now?
5) 0) text: The Taurus passes an endless supply of churches and strip joints, all of which Michael's eyes take in.
6) 0) text: We've gone from slums to nice neighborhoods - fathers and sons play baseball, kids tend lemonade stands, sprinklers keep the grass emerald green. Michael's face tells us he's never seen anything like thi
10) 0) text: Steven and Michael eye the freshly painted buildings, the flowers, the new playground jungle gyms and outdoor hoops (CONTINUED)    
10) 3) text: Not even locked! MICHAEL
11) 18) text: They're here? Big Tony points out the.window to the playground where St and Michael are playing one on one basketball. BIG TONY
12) 0) text: For a boy his size Michael can really move. He dribbles, fakes left, then falls away, making a long three pointer. Cotton's eyes get a little wider as he watches -- Michael dribbles the ball between his legs, behind his ba and jumps high, slamming the ball through the hoop. Big m aren't supposed to move like this. Cotton's lips are almost quivering -- COTTON
13) 4) text: Michael Oher gives us no reason to believe, based on his record, that he would be successful here. COTTON
13) 5) text: How bad could it be? Another board member, MRS. SMITH, pores over Michael's fi which is a mess. She finds facts and lays them out --- (CONTINUED)    
13) 17) text: Christian. We either take that seriously or we paint over it. You don't admit Michael Oher for sports, you admit him because it's the right thing to do. Their faces announce that he's made a point.
14) 0) text: First day of class. Students, mostly blonde-haired and bl eyed, wearing crisply laundered Abercrombie and Fitch, ca their backpacks through the school's arch and converse wi friends they haven't seen over the summer. Michael ENTERS FRAME. Fills it up in fact. He stares at t arch. Beneath the school name we read "WITH MEN THIS IS. POSSIBLE, WITH GOD ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE". Michael take deep breath and enters. He carries his "school bag" - a plastic grocery sack.
15) 0) text: Just as before, Michael moves at A DIFFERENT SPEED than t around him. Makes sense because he is different. Not only the color of his skin but his size, his clothes (short pa and T-shirt), his eyes taking in the pavement - all point the fact that he doesn't belong here. Small children from kindergarten and first grade give him wide, cautious berth. He's noticed and ogled by everyone.
16) 0) text: It's Mrs. Boswell's biology class and she's writing on th board in front of a full classroom when Michael enters. H pauses and all eyes go to him. Mrs. Boswell does her best stifle a gasp as she first lays eyes on him. Then...
16) 3) text: She urges him with a nod. Michael walks back and sits in corner, looking terrified. He barely fits in the seat. Mrs. Boswell hands out a stack of papers to each row. As students pass them back to others...
16) 6) text: Just answer whatever you know. The student in front of Michael hands a sheet back to him eyes the size of his feet. The students start to work while Michael stares at the sh like it's written in Greek. Mrs. Boswell watches him for 
18) 0) text: Michael sits alone while Mrs. Boswell collects the last o the papers. She walks over to Michael, looks down at his sheet. Nothing filled in, just his name scrawled at the t She tries to decide how to deal with this then opts for -
19) 0) text: Michael lies on a tattered sofa. The lights are out but Michael's eyes are open, staring at the light emanating f beneath a closed bedroom door. We hear voices...
20) 0) text: School is out. Steven walks up to Michael... STEVEN
20) 2) text: We can still give you rides if you want? MICHAEL
20) 3) text: Naw, it's aright. Steven gets in the Taurus. Michael watches it drive away. 24 
22) 0) text: Leigh Anne's husband SEAN TUOHY, handsome, confidant, and their 10-year-old son, SJ, sit, watching the game. During a time out, Sean eyes the crowd, sees something od In the upper corner of the gym sits Michael, by himself, rubbing his knees. Others around him, all white, have mov away. He's a very large island in the lily white gym. SEAN
22) 4) text: Be goes to high school here. His name is Big something... Big Mike. Sean eyes Michael suspiciously. (CONTINUED)    
23) 6) text: Sean's eyes go to the upper stands where he sees Michael, alone, walking slowly, then bending down, picking somethi up, taking a few more steps and repeating the process. Picking up left-over bags of popcorn. Sean considers this for a second before leaving.
25) 0) text: Sean and Coach Cotton sip coffee while all around them students eat their lunches. They are looking at Michael, sits by himself without a tray in front of him. COTTON
25) 3) text: But boy-hidey, just look at him. Cotton is admiring Michael's size but Sean sees something else. He stands, walks over to Michael, who barely looks SEAN
25) 4) text: What did you eat for lunch today? MICHAEL
25) 6) text: I didn't ask where you ate, I asked what you ate. MICHAEL
25) 9) text: 17 28 CONTINUED: 28 MICHAEL
27) 4) text: Michael's eyes go to the page in front of him. He rubs hi hands on his knees and stares. Mrs. Boswell waits a beat then scoots her chair over next to him.
29) 0) text: School is out and Michael walks among the kids of all sha and sizes. Two little Kindergarten girls'try and swing themselves. Michael stops nearby, watching them. MICHAEL
29) 2) text: Smile at 'em. Michael turns to see Si nearby, watching him. (CONTINUED)    
29) 6) text: Manana'. Michael smiles at the kid, who smiles back.
30) 0) text: Leigh Anne notices Michael as she drives past him. LEIGH ANNE
31) 0) text: Michael watches Leigh Anne's car disappear.
31) 3) text: Michael turns to see Paul Sandstrom, the principal.
32) 0) text: Michael and Sandstrom sit on a bench. SANDSTROM 
32) 1) text: Mike, I just got a call from someone at the police department. (off Michael's look) Do you remember the story in the papers awhile back about the man who fell off an overpass? (Michael shakes his head) No one knew who he was and they're not sure if he jumped, or if... at any rate he passed away. Sandstrom struggles with how to say the words.  SANDSTROM (CONT'D) 
32) 2) text: Mike, the man... was your father. Michael takes this in. without showing emotion. SANDSTROM (CONT'D) 
32) 4) text: Were you close? (Michael shakes his head) When did you last see him? MICHAEL
32) 6) text: I'll try and find out where he's buried. Maybe we could go visit? Michael nods, then rises and walks away.
33) 0) text: Michael sits at a bus stop with his bag, rises as a bus s in front of him. 37 OMITTED 37     
34) 0) text: Pretty seedy. Michael walks to a sink in the back, opens plastic sack, pulls out an extra T-shirt and starts to wa it. A WOMAN, the only other patron, reads a magazine. When he turns to look at her, she becomes quite nervous. She sets down the magazine and walks outside. It seems Michael was expecting this because as soon as sh leaves he takes his wet T-shirt, wrings it-out, walks to dryer and tosses the shirt inside to dry with her things.
35) 0) text: Michael sits in the corner, his head resting against the window, trying to sleep.  DISSOLVE TO:
38) 0) text: Sean's car stops at a red light and Michael crosses in fr of them, wearing just his shorts and short sleeved shirt.
39) 0) text: Leigh Anne notices Michael -- (CONTINUED)    
39) 6) text: Hey, Big Mike! Michael stops in the crosswalk, looks to the car. SEAN (CONT'D)
39) 7) text: Where you headin'? MICHAEL
40) 0) text: The BMW pulls to a stop alongside Michael. Leigh Anne get out, walks up to Michael. LEIGH ANNE
40) 1) text: Big Mike, my name is Leigh Anne Tuohy. My kids go to Wingate. You said you're going to the gym? Michael slowly nods.
40) 6) text: Do you have anywhere to stay tonight? Michael eyes the ground, then nods.
41) 0) text: Sean and SJ watch the discussion without hearing any of i Leigh Anne looks to Sean, then back to Michael. SEAN
41) 1) text: I've seen that look many times. She's about to get her way. Leigh Anne makes her way back to the car, with Michael in tow. She opens the back door and he gets in next to SJ in his headdress. Leigh Anne climbs into the front seat, clo the door. Sean is looking at her. SEAN (CONT'D)
43) 0) text: Michael's eyes are frozen at the sight. To him it looks l a mansion. Hell, it IS a mansion.    
45) 1) text: I'd give you the guest bedroom but it's full of sample boxes. And the sectional in the family room slides apart when you sleep on it. At least that's what Sean says. MICHAEL 
45) 8) text: Michael nods then smiles. SJ smiles back, gives a thumbs and disappears. Michael's eyes go to a coffee table book (CONTINUED)    
50) 0) text: Leigh Anne stops, stares -- The couch is totally back to normal and the sheets, blank and pillows are neatly stacked in almost military precisi No sign of Michael. LEIGH ANNE
51) 0) text: Michael, plastic sack in hand, walks away. Leigh Anne exi the front door, spots Michael and tries to catch up. LEIGH ANNE
51) 6) text: Are you spending Thanksgiving with your family? Michael shakes his head.
53) 1) text: Come and get it! Sean sits at the TV,"watching an Ole Miss football game, while SJ plays.video games on another. Collins chats on h cell. Michael sits off to the side, taking it all in. SEAN
53) 7) text: Michael stares - he's never seen so much food. Leigh Anne hands him a plate. He gingerly puts a slice of.turkey on LEIGH ANNE
53) 9) text: Oh, the potato salad! With no one watching him, Michael shoves two rolls into h pants pocket and finishes filling his plate. Leigh Anne reenters to see Michael sitting at the dining table, alone, not touching his plate. Her eyes go to the rest of her family, shoving down food playing games. She makes a decision, grabs the remote and turns off the TVs.
54) 2) text: Shall we say grace? The Tuohy family plus Michael hold hands. Collins stares at her tiny hand intertwined with Michael' As Leigh Anne prays Michael tries to emulate behavior wit closing his eyes, taking it all in...
55) 0) text: Leigh Anne drives and Michael sits shotgun. MICHAEL
55) 11) text: After a beat... MICHAEL
55) 13) text: Okay. Mike or Michael? (off his shrug) Tell you what, from now on, to me, 'you're Michael. So,... Michael, where we headed?
56) 0) text: An expansive beehive of rotting housing. It's the place w saw when we first laid eyes on Michael and nothing's chan Leigh Anne's car stops at one of the complexes. LEIGH ANNE
56) 4) text: Who's going to help you with your clothes? MICHAEL (POINTED)
56) 5) text: Don't get out of the car. Michael gets out on his side and takes care to push the l before he closes the door. She watches as he walks toward the structure, then notice several of the local ne'er-do-wells eyeing her. she locks the doors again, just for luck.    
57) 0) text: Michael walks slowly past a few gang-bangers on the steps The obvious leader, ALTON, eyes him. ALTON
57) 1) text: Big Mike! Where you been?! Michael ignores, keeps walking. ALTON (CONT'D)
57) 2) text: And who's that fine piece o' thing driving you around? One of Alton's minions, DAVID, sits nearby. Michael sees him, nods. MICHAEL
58) 0) text: Michael arrives at an apartment and stops, taken aback. O the door is an EVICTION NOTICE and padlock. He reads from the eviction for several seconds. An Addict down the way fires up and slumps into bliss.
59) 0) text: With Leigh Anne's car in the bg., Michael, hidden from vi slumps against a wall, looking lost - the first real emot we've seen from-him.
60) 0) text: She watches as Michael approaches the building with nothi in his hands, and makes his way back to the car. She unlo it and he crawls inside. After a pregnant moment... MICHAEL
60) 2) text: We can come back. Michael takes this in, looks out the window. (CONTINUED)    
60) 3) text: 34 63 CONTINUED: 63 MICHAEL
61) 0) text: Wrong side of the tracks. Michael and Leigh Anne cross th street toward the shop. LEIGH ANNE
61) 1) text: I've lived in Memphis my whole life and never been anywhere near here. You're going to take care of me, right? MICHAEL
61) 3) text: That's good to know. Thank you. As they start to walk, Leigh Anne reaches up and takes Michael's arm. He holds it out for her.
63) 0) text: Drop off area. Leigh Anne's car pulls up and SJ, Collins Michael get out. LEIGH ANNE
63) 1) text: Have a great day. Learn something! They say a few good-byes, get out and walk toward the arc Only then do we see what Michael is wearing: a GARGANTUAN ORANGE AND MAROON STRIPED RUGBY SHIRT. Leigh Anne shakes her head, watching him walk away. A car behind her HONKS. She checks the rear view mirror --
65) 0) text: SJ and Michael sit at the island doing their homework. SI
65) 1) text: It can't be that hard. MICHAEL
65) 2) text: Oh, yeah?... Si looks at the Michael's notebook. (CONTINUED)    
65) 7) text: Nah. Sean starts to leave, then stops at the door, turns aroun sighs and walks over. He leans in over Michael. SEAN (CONT'D)
65) 8) text: Let's see... MICHAEL
65) 13) text: Or kickers. Michael just stares at them. SEAN (CONT'D)
65) 14) text: You have no idea what we're talking about, do you? MICHAEL
65) 16) text: Leigh Anne watches, fixated on the image of the three. Se has an arm on Michael's shoulder. She smiles, almost sadl
66) 0) text: Leigh Anne hands over clean sheets and pillows to Michael who starts to make the bed. LEIGH ANNE
66) 1) text: Do you want to stay here, Michael? He keeps working.
67) 0) text: Leigh Anne sits in a chair reading through Michael's file LEIGH ANNE
67) 1) text: I see here on the admission that we're Michael's contact for medical emergencies? Mrs. Smith (from the admissions meeting) sits with her.
67) 6) text: They try to figure out what a kid's going to be in the eighth grade? What does. it say about Michael? Mrs. Smith nods and reads over Michael's results.
67) 12) text: Yes, it is sad. So sad. But he either doesn't know it or doesn't think so and it's my job, and your job, to make sure he doesn't find out. (off Mrs. Smith's look) Michael Oher doesn't feel sorry for himself and I'll be damned if he starts to because of the way we treat him. (again off her look) "Darned."
68) 0) text: Now turned into Michael's room, with an armoire, a chest drawers, night stands, the whole nine yards. The bed is a massive futon in an ornate stand. Leigh Anne and Michael stand in the doorway. LEIGH ANNE
68) 1) text: I had to put half my samples in storage but well, anyway, back there's a desk. (points as she talks) Chest o'drawers. Night stand. Lamps. Alarm clock. Bed. Sean says a lot of pro athletes use futons if they can't find a big enough bed. Michael doesn't dare touch anything, just stares in awe.
68) 3) text: 42 71 CONTINUED: 71 MICHAEL
68) 5) text: Yeah. (off his look) What? MICHAEL
68) 7) text: A room to yourself? MICHAEL
72) 0) text: Mrs. Boswell gives Michael - in a RED AND BLUE RUGBY SHIR an oral test...
74) 0) text: Michael, this time wearing a GREEN AND GOLD RUGBY SHIRT, orally tested by GLENDA...  GLENDA 
74) 1) text: Name the combatants in the battle of Waterloo. MICHAEL
76) 0) text: Michael, in another rugby shirt, this one BLACK AND YELLO carries a tray and sits with SJ, who starts laughing. MICHAEL
77) 0) text: Bob grades Michael's paper. He writes "D".    
78) 0) text: The whole family, including Michael, rides in the car. SJ points out fast food restaurants along the way -- SI
78) 1) text: That Taco Bell. The KFC catty corner. The Long John Silvers on the next block. MICHAEL
78) 4) text: A hundred and fifteen. MICHAEL
78) 6) text: Hey, hey now. I'm working even when I'm not working. MICHAEL
78) 8) text: All you want. It's awesome. MICHAEL
78) 10) text: Well, we have to throw some of it away. What's already been cooked. MICHAEL
78) 15) text: All right, I will. MICHAEL
78) 19) text: I talked to Coach Cotton today. Michael's grades improved enough that he can do spring'training for football in March. LEIGH ANNE
78) 21) text: Oh, man, you are gonna crush some people! Michael almost smiles, a little unsure.
79) 5) text: I need some new magazines. SJ shrugs and joins the girls, as does Michael. Sean watc as his family deserts him.
80) 0) text: Leigh Anne finds the book she's looking for and walks thr the stacks looking for her kids, plus Michael. She finds them all together in the children's section, laughing. LEIGH ANNE
80) 5) text: Yeah, me too. Leigh Anne sees Michael left out, but interested.
81) 2) text: Thanks, Daddy. MICHAEL
81) 4) text: You're welcome. As the car pulls up everyone walks toward it except Micha who notices something else -- AT THE SIDE DOOR: A BUSBOY steps outside for a smoke. Michael absently walks over.
82) 1) text: Who was that boy you were talking to, Michael? At the restaurant. MICHAEL
82) 3) text: He works there? MICHAEL
82) 6) text: And how do you know Marcus? MICHAEL
82) 8) text: Well, I'd like to meet him someday. Would that be okay with you? MICHAEL
82) 10) text: When's the last time you saw him, Michael? MICHAEL
84) 0) text: A strange sight. Leigh Anne, SJ and Michael all sit on Michael's huge futon as Leigh Anne reads THE STORY OF FERDINAND. No one enjoys this more than Leigh Anne... LEIGH ANNE
85) 6) text: Does. this happiness have anything to do with Michael? LEIGH ANNE
85) 7) text: No. It has everything to do with Michael. Sean smiles, kisses her, turns off the light. She snuggle next to him and kisses the back of his neck. SEAN
86) 1) text: Okay, big smiles everyone! FLASH! Leigh Anne smiles but notices --- Michael sitting on the couch by himself. LEIGH ANNE
86) 2) text: Michael! Come over here and get in the next one. Sean gives her a look like she's crazy.
87) 0) text: New Year's Day. Sean, Si and Michael watch football. Collins sits on the couch reading. Leigh Anne comes in th front door with groceries. (CONTINUED)    
87) 6) text: Yep. With gusto. SI (TO MICHAEL)
92) 4) text: Does Michael get the family discount at Taco Bell? Because if he does Sean's gonna lose a few stores. More laughter. LEIGH ANNE
93) 8) text: It's really not worth repeating. And don't worry about SJ - he loves the attention. He introduces Michael as his big brother. LEIGH ANNE
94) 0) text: Michael walks up to the two little Kindergarten girls fro before, sitting in the swings. He smiles. They smile back
94) 2) text: 56 93 CONTINUED: 93 MICHAEL
94) 3) text: Hi. Need a push? They giggle and Michael pushes them, one arm each until they're flying high and squealing. NEARBY
95) 0) text: Collins is sitting with her friends, laughing and whisper She notices Michael enter and walk to a table with a book He sits alone while every other table is full. Collins sighs, makes up her mind and stands with her book FRIEND
95) 1) text: Where are you going? Collins walks away toward Michael. FRIEND (CONT'D)
95) 2) text: Collins? They are aghast when they see Collins set down her books across from Michael and sit.
96) 0) text: Several players, in full gear, drag equipment out onto th field under the watchful eye of Bert Cotton. Sean Tuohy s in the nearby stands. Michael carries four blocking dummies to the center of th field and tosses them like they're pillows. Cotton smiles COTTON
97) 0) text: Michael is lined up at defensive tackle. The offense brea the huddle and Michael just stands there. He notices the other defensive linemen get in a stance and kind of squat bit. When the ball is snapped he just holds his hands out keeping the blocker from getting close to his body. The running back races right past him and into the second THE WHISTLE BLOWS and Cotton races up to Michael. COTTON
97) 2) text: Michael gets down in a his stance and when the ball is snapped he gets under the blocker and lifts him up like W The quarterback goes back to pass and sees Michael lumber toward him with the lineman on his shoulders. The Quarterback's eyes go wide and he races out of the po and throws and incomplete pass. ANOTHER WHISTLE. COTTON (CONT'D)
97) 3) text: Shuck the blocker, Mike! Michael gingerly sets the lineman on the ground.
97) 9) text: No! Michael drops back and tries to intercept a pass. COTTON (CONT'D)
97) 10) text: No! Michael holds a blocker off him with one arm and looks skyward as a flock of birds flies overhead. COTTON (CONT'D)
99) 0) text: Si, holding a sheet and wearing a whistle, stands before Michael. No one else'is around. SI
99) 1) text: This is your summer workout sheet. First it says to warm up and get loose. (off Michael's look) Well, go ahead, get loose. Michael moves his arms around a bit then stops. SJ (CONT'D)
99) 2) text: You loose? (MICHAEL NODS)
99) 3) text: Okay, next is five one hundred yard runs to stretch out your legs. Michael grimaces. MICHAEL
99) 5) text: Look, everybody at. Wingate is expecting you to be a star football player. You don't want to let them down, do you? MICHAEL
99) 7) text: What about Dad and Mom? (off Michael's look) 'Cause you see, in our family, everyone's an athlete. Dad was a basketball star, Collins plays volleyball and runs track. Me, as you know, I do it all and Mom,... well, Mom was a cheerleader, which doesn't exactly count but don't tell her I said that. (CONTINUED)    
99) 8) text: 60 98 CONTINUED: 98 MICHAEL
99) 9) text: Okay... Michael moves to the line. Si raises his whistle and blow 99 
101) 0) text: Leigh Anne goes through sample boxes and matches swatches MICHAEL
101) 1) text: Mrs. Tuohy? Michael stands nearby. LEIGH ANNE
101) 2) text: I hear "Mrs. Tuohy" I look over my shoulder for my mother--in-law. Call me Leigh Anne or Mama or almost anything else. MICHAEL
101) 4) text: What? MICHAEL
101) 6) text: Why do you need a driver's license when you don't have a car? MICHAEL
102) 0) text: Leigh Anne and Michael sit across from a DMV EMPLOYEE typ on her computer. Leigh Anne holds out her driver's licens DMV EMPLOYEE
102) 7) text: Does he have a Social Security card? Leigh Anne looks to Michael, who shakes his head.
102) 13) text: There's nobody named Michael Oher in the system. Another last name perhaps? Leigh Anne again turns to Michael, who shrugs. LEIGH ANNE
103) 10) text: Do you really expect Big Mike -- LEIGH ANNE MICHAEL --- SEAN
103) 11) text: -- expect Michael to lie down and talk about his childhood like he's Woody Allen or something? Michael's gift is his ability to forget. He's mad at no one and doesn't really care what happened in the past. This puts her on her heels. LEIGH'ANNE
105) 1) text: There's very little on Michael. Most of his files have been lost. LEIGH ANNE
105) 3) text: A few case notes. (holds one sheet up) This one describes an incident where officers forcibly removed Michael and six half-siblings from Denise Oher's care when Michael was seven. Quite a scene evidently. They had to split up the kids. And it's far from the worst. LEIGH ANNE
105) 10) text: No. Michael is a ward of the state. Just apply and get a Judge to sign off on it. LEIGH ANNE
107) 0) text: The one Michael visited before. Leigh Anne summons her courage and knocks on the door. And again. No answer. A VOICE comes from the apartment behind her --
109) 3) text: No. My. name is Leigh Anne Tuohy and your son Michael lives with me. And my family. Denise takes this in.
110) 6) text: When did you last see Michael? DENISE OHER
110) 10) text: Oh, I'm not a foster parent to Michael. We were just helping him out. DENISE OHER
110) 23) text: Mrs. Oher, was Michael born under a different name? Denise tries to remember. After a few seconds... DENISE OHER
110) 29) text: Do you have Michael's birth certificate? Denise sighs, looks around at the mess, shakes her head. then, unexpectedly, starts to cry softly.
111) 0) text: The entire Tuohy family sits with Michael at the table. SEAN
111) 1) text: Michael, we have something to ask you. MICHAEL
111) 3) text: Leigh. Anne and I would like to become your legal guardians. MICHAEL
111) 5) text: Well, what it means is, we want to know if you'd like to be a part of this family? Michael looks to a grinning SJ, to Collins who nods and smiles, then to Leigh Anne... MICHAEL
111) 9) text: Michael looks to Sean for an explanation. Sean shrugs can't explain her to you."
112) 0) text: Michael, blindfolded, is led outside by the entire family When Leigh Anne pulls if off, Michael gasps at the sight A NEW TRUCK in the driveway. SEAN
112) 2) text: Well, hell, take it for a spin. (off Michael's look) Go on. SI
112) 4) text: okay, but Michael?... (off his look) Be careful. Michael smiles and he and SJ get inside the truck. COLLINS
112) 6) text: Michael thinks he's a redneck. 113 
113) 0) text: Michael drives up in his new truck, parks it carefully. At the drop off Big Tony's car sputters away, leaving Ste at the curb. Steven notices Michael and walks over, eyein the truck. (CONTINUED)    
113) 1) text: 72 113 CONTINUED: 113 MICHAEL
113) 3) text: Naw. (points to truck) This really yours? MICHAEL
113) 5) text: They just give it to ya'? MICHAEL
114) 0) text: Students seated, including Michael, listen to Bob, who st at the front of the classroom.  BOB
115) 0) text: Dozens of.condiment jars and bottles are lined up on the table. SJ has the football playbook open and is explainin formations to Michael. SI
115) 1) text: See, you're the ketchup, here at Left Tackle. On the weakside. MICHAEL
115) 3) text: it just means there are more blockers on the other side. It's a compliment, really. MICHAEL
115) 5) text: Good one. (back to work) So the first play is simple. "Gap." It just means you block whoever is in front of you, or the person on your inside shoulder if you're not covered by a defender. (points to condiments) I'll be the running back and you show me what you're supposed to do. Ready... . Hike! SJ, using both hands, moves Cayenne pepper back a bit, th "hands off" to Cinnamon who "runs" toward Michael (Ketchu Michael moves the bottle forward, pushing back Mustard, t Relish, as well as toppling a bottle of Vanilla Extract. SJ (CONT'D)
115) 8) text: 74 115 CONTINUED: 115 MICHAEL
115) 10) text: We're going through the playbook. Michael got moved to offense.. LEIGH ANNE
115) 12) text: No problem. Actually, Mom, we were waiting for you. The new Madden came out and me and Michael want to go get it. LEIGH ANNE
115) 13) text: Honey, I've got a meeting in ten minutes. MICHAEL
116) 0) text: Michael drives while SJ searches for music on the radio. SI
119) 2) text: Michael! He looks up, sobbing. MICHAEL
119) 4) text: Where's SJ?! MICHAEL (POINTS)
119) 13) text: When an airbag strikes a child his size it usually means a fractured face, a broken neck or worse. It's almost like the airbag started at him then changed direction. Defective or something. Very, very lucky. Leigh Anne nods thanks and looks to Michael, still on the curb, eyes on the ground. She walks over, kneels down. LEIGH ANNE
119) 14) text: Michael, it wasn't your fault. It could have happened to anybody.. He doesn't look up. She almost gasps when she notices -- HIS ARM - red, bleeding, a large burn from the wrist all way up to the sleeve, which is also singed.
120) 0) text: SJ sits in the stands videotaping -- [NOTE: We integrate video with live action]. ON THE FIELD: Michael skips to the line and gets down in stance. On the snap Michael pushes the tackle, JAY COLLIS who rolls, gets by Michael and makes the tackle. (CONTINUED)    
120) 5) text: Michael does better when he can see what he's supposed to be doing.
120) 7) text: Holding - left tackle! He gets right in Michael's face, grabs his jersey. COTTON (CONT'D)
120) 9) text: At the snap of the ball Michael tries to pass protect, pu the Defender who tries left, right, then slides past Mich and sacks the quarterback. COTTON (CONT'D)
120) 16) text: You can thank me later. Bert just watches as Leigh Anne walks straight to the hud and pulls Michael aside. The other players turn to watch.
120) 18) text: And I was a little scared and you told me not to worry, that you had my back?. Do you remember that? MICHAEL
120) 21) text: And when you and Si were in that car wreck, what did you do to that airbag? MICHAEL
120) 29) text: I suppose they can be on the team, too. Are you going to protect the family, Michael? 
123) 2) text: Hey, Crusaders, y'all gonna turn the other cheek or just bend over?! Another Milford player, #66, spots Michael. MILFORD #66
123) 4) text: Milford takes the field. Jay Collis, to Michael...  JAY COLLIS
124) 8) text: Let's go 0! The offense runs onto the field and huddles. The Milford defense waits, slapping each other and building to a fren Number 66 from before is the defensive end on Michael's s Wingate breaks huddle and #66 sees him.  MILFORD #66
124) 9) text: Look whose fat black ass I get to kick all night long. At the snap #66 sidesteps Michael and sacks the QB. MILFORD #66 (CONT'D)
124) 10) text: (as he walks by Michael) All night long, fat ass. All night long.
124) 13) text: Come on, Michael!
124) 15) text: Wingate breaks huddle and as they get into their stances calls a switch. He moves inside and the linebacker moves outside. Michael looks at the move, confused. 
124) 16) text: Hut! Tony, the Wingate QB starts to drop back but hands o the ball on a draw to BOBBY, the Oompaloompah. Michael, unsure which player to block, just stands there while they both crush Bobby. The Milford players high five and both give Michael a shoulder as they pass him.
124) 18) text: Fourth down ! The crusaders offense leaves the field. #66 follows behin Michael, taunting him. MILFORD #66
124) 22) text: Ever heard of the First amendment, Coach? Get back to the sideline. Cotton takes a deep breath, then turns to Michael, who ha been beside him the whole time. COTTON
124) 25) text: Where it goes he goes. And block 'til the whistle blows. All right? Michael nods and takes a seat on the bench. Cotton hears something and realizes it is his cell phone. He looks at number calling. and answers... COTTON (CONT'D)
124) 44) text: This young man plays for my team and I will defend him like he's my own son! Against you or any other redneck sonofabitch! Michael watches, dumbfounded. He walks over to the livid Cotton and pulls him backwards, looks him in the eye. (CONTINUED)    
124) 45) text: 86 124 CONTINUED: 124 MICHAEL
124) 46) text: Don't worry, Coach. I got your back. Cotton cools down. Michael trots out onto the field. Halfway there he stops, looks back at Cotton and smiles. REFEREE
124) 50) text: Coach called a pass. MICHAEL
124) 53) text: Your coach always do your fightin' for you? He your Massa?- Michael gets in his stance and on the snap of the ball po forward. We've never seen him so quick, neither has 66 wh dips a hip to keep from being plowed over. The ploy right 66 but the damage isn't over as Michael now has him "in t fit" grabbing his jersey, "between the tits." -- Bobby races through the hole and into the secondary -- Michael keeps pushing 66 back, picking up speed until 66 airborne save every third step of Michael's when he touch toe to the ground like a ballerina -- Bobby cuts to the sideline -- Michael is running full speed with 66 now and he keeps go past the sideline-- Past Collins and the rest of the cheerleaders while -- Bobby makes the opposite corner and heads for the end zon (CONTINUED)    
124) 55) text: Si is on his feet, filming Michael -- Michael keeps going, past the track and toward the fence separating the field from the parking lot -- Just as Bobby races into the end zone -- Michael chucks 66 into the air. 66 hits the fence hard an lands in a heap. Michael turns and walks back to the fiel As he passes Collins she gives him a high five. COLLINS
124) 56) text: Way to go big bro! A referee signals touchdown then notices Michael walking and 66 lying slumped at the fence. The Ref throws a flag. COTTON
124) 63) text: You're kidding me. The Referee ignores and returns to the field to assess th penalty. 66, now on his feet, limps back onto the field. Michael looks at him and 66's eyes go straight to the dir Cotton walks up to Michael. MICHAEL
124) 66) text: Where were you taking him, Mike? MICHAEL
124) 67) text: To the bus. It was time for him to go home. Cotton smiles proudly and slaps Michael on the ass. COTTON
124) 68) text: Attaboy, Michael Oher. Attaboy!
126) 6) text: And you think that could be Michael? TOM LEMMING
127) 0) text: They arrive at an empty office where Michael sits. He sta and Lemming eyes him like a piece of meat... TOM LEMMING
129) 0) text: Lemming sits across from Michael... TOM LEMMING
129) 1) text: Mike, I came all the way from Chicago just to see for myself. And now that I have, I'd like to extend to you an invitation to play in the Army High School All American game at the end of the season. He places an application on the desk. Michael stares at i
130) 6) text: Because the only thing he said to me was "No." Said it three times; every time I asked him if he'd like to play in the Army All Star game. I get lobbied by every player, every father, every coach to get into this game. (hands over application) Let me know if he changes his mind. Lemming walks away. After he's gone, Michael emerges. SEAN
130) 7) text: Why didn't you fill out the application, Michael? (CONTINUED)    
130) 8) text: The Blind Side - Green Revision - 04/28/09 92 131 CONTINUED: 131 MICHAEL
138) 11) text: Collis. Best on best. An Equipment manager lays out a plank and Jay Collis sigh and lines up, one foot on either side of the board. Micha slowly moves into position opposite him. The coaches all inch closer and crane their necks to see. Leigh Anne is now right in the middle of them. Fulmer giv her a look that says,,"Who the hell are you?" Cotton blows his whistle, Michael fires out and it's over 
138) 12) text: an instant. Collis is pancaked under Michael, who gets up and offers a hand. The coaches are frozen - as if they've witnessed a miracl FULMER
138) 15) text: Back to South Carolina. I've seen more than enough. If he can qualify with his grades you tell Michael Oher that Clemson wants him. FULMER
138) 18) text: Leigh Anne watches him watch Michael.
139) 1) text: Did you know that to be eligible for a Division One scholarship Michael's gonna need a 2.5 GPA? SEAN
140) 1) text: So here's the plan. E-mail me all assignments and let me know what Michael has to do to make an "A". There is laughter in the room.
141) 4) text: What's the situation with Michael? LEIGH ANNE
142) 0) text: Leigh Ann and Sean sneak looks at Miss Sue and Michael at dining room table.
142) 3) text: Yet. You don't understand it yet. How big is your head, Michael? MICHAEL
142) 5) text: And what's in there? MICHAEL
142) 7) text: A brain. Full of knowledge - like a file cabinet with maps; shortcuts for figuring things out. You will learn this, Michael Oher because I'm here to help you use those maps and reach your destination. Like  Sacagawea helped Lewis and Clark.  MICHAEL 
142) 9) text: We'll get to that. And the history books have it wrong, but all you need to you know is that I'll get you there. Do you believe me? Do you trust me, Michael? MICHAEL
143) 5) text: Let's just say I appreciate quality. Michael and SJ walk in.
143) 7) text: And I know it when I see it. (offers a hand) Michael, I'm Nick Saban. And you must be SJ. I hear you have quite a jump shot, young man. LEIGH ANNE
143) 8) text: Nick, why don't you and Michael go into the living room to talk. MICHAEL
144) 0) text: Michael and SJ sit across from Saban. SABAN
144) 1) text: So, as soon as possible we'd like to get you down to Baton Rouge. We've got a great thing going, Michael and we plan on winning a bunch more National Championships. Whattaya' say, will you commit to a visit? Michael turns to SJ, who raises his hand. SI
144) 7) text: Tell you what, SJ. Michael comes to LSU I'll get you an all-access pass. How's that sound? SJ
145) 0) text: Michael pancakes an opponent --
146) 0) text: Michael and Miss Sue study -- MISS SUE
148) 0) text: Michael pancakes another defender --
149) 0) text: Miss Sue high fives Michael after a quiz --
150) 1) text: This is a beautiful home, Ma'am. He is startled to see -- Michael, in briefs, racing down the stairs, carrying Coll who is holding his pants away from him.
151) 0) text: Mrs. Boswell grades Michael's paper, writes "B" at the to
153) 0) text: Michael and Coach Cotton hold up a championship trophy
156) 1) text: Your own locker right next to Michael's. HOUSTON NUTT  
157) 0) text: Michael studies with Miss Sue, in her Ole Miss sweatshirt (CONTINUED)    
157) 2) text: Have you decided yet, Michael? MICHAEL
157) 4) text: But you like Tennessee? (off his nod) It's a good school. Not at the academic level of Ole Miss but they do have an outstanding science department. You know one of the things they're famous for? (he shakes his head) They work with the FBI to study the effects of the soil on decomposing body parts. Michael is a bit lost.
159) 0) text: Orgeron sits with Michael and SJ. ED ORGERON
159) 1) text: You a Ole Miss tackle, son. I'm buildin' my line, buildin' my team aroun' you. Make your parents proud, come to Oxford, get that sheepskin and help us win the SEC. Michael nods, turns to SJ. Before SJ can raise his hand -
160) 0) text: A press conference is under way. Photographers push to ge shot of -- Michael, at a table, stares at three caps -- Tennessee, L and Ole Miss. He smiles and selects an Ole Miss hat.
162) 3) text: Right now Michael's doing C minus, D plus work. His best chance at improving is with the written essay at the end of the year. It counts for a third of his grade. LEIGH ANNE
163) 0) text: Miss Sue works with Michael at the table. MISS SUE
163) 1) text: Why not write about "Great Expectations"? You're a lot like Pip. He was poor, an orphan and someone sort of found him. You should be able to relate to that. Michael shrugs. Sean is nearby, watching NBA basketball.
163) 6) text: "All in the valley of Death rode the six hundred". They call LSU's stadium Death Valley because of this story. Alfred, Lord Tennyson is writing about Ole Miss-LSU. MICHAEL
163) 11) text: "Forward the Light Brigade! Was there a man dГ‚В±smay'd? Not tho' the soldier knew someone had blundered." MICHAEL
163) 13) text: Yeah, their leader, their coach. MICHAEL
163) 17) text: It hits Michael. He takes a moment, looks right at Sean. MICHAEL
163) 19) text: Yeah. MICHAEL
163) 21) text: I think you just found something to write about. Michael opens his notebook, picks up a pen.
167) 0) text: Bob sits at his desk, reading Michael's. essay. As he tur to the last page...
169) 4) text: Michael Jerome Oher. Even though no one is supposed to clap, a spontaneous rou of APPLAUSE gives Michael pause as he accepts his diploma 
169) 8) text: Where'd you find a baby picture of  Michael?  LEIGH ANNE
170) 0) text: Michael, diploma in hand, shakes Sean's hand. Sean moves close, looks him in the eye.  SEAN
170) 2) text: I never believed you could do this. But you did. And I'm as proud of you as I am ashamed of myself. I should know better. I'll never doubt you again, Michael. Michael smiles, nods, gives Leigh Anne a little hug then knuckles with Si and high fives Collins. (CONTINUED)    
171) 2) text: Johnson Commons has all you can eat self-serve ice cream. MICHAEL
171) 5) text: Hello... This is Mrs. Tuohy... As she listens she gives Sean a look - "This isn't good". 184 INT. BUttDING HALLWAY - DAY 184 Leigh Anne walks with Michael.  LEIGH ANNE
171) 6) text: They just want to ask you a few questions. You've got nothing to hide, Michael. They arrive at a door, open it.    
172) 2) text: Please call me Leigh Anne. Leigh Anne shakes her hand and she and Michael move to th chairs. GRANGER
172) 3) text: Mrs. Tuohy, I'd prefer to speak with Michael alone. LEIGH ANNE
172) 5) text: Awhile. Michael starts rubbing his knees, nervous as hell. LEIGH ANNE
172) 6) text: Michael, I'll be outside. Leigh Anne pecks his cheek and exits, giving Michael one look before she leaves.
174) 1) text: Your parents are friends with Coach Bert Cotton, correct? MICHAEL
174) 3) text: Were you aware that Coach Cotton is accepting a job at Ole Miss? (Michael shakes his head) And that this job offer came after you signed with them? (no response from Michael) Sean Tuohy, your legal guardian went to Ole Miss. MICHAEL
174) 5) text: And Mrs. Tuohy attended Ole Miss as well. MICHAEL
174) 7) text: Is it safe to say that Ole Miss is their favorite school? (MICHAEL NODS)
174) 8) text: Do they like any other Universities? (MICHAEL SHRUGS)
174) 9) text: What about, say Tennessee? MICHAEL
174) 11) text: So they wouldn't be happy if you chose to play football there? MICHAEL
174) 14) text: 114 187 CONTINUED: 187 MICHAEL
174) 16) text: Miss Sue is an Ole Miss grad, too. (MICHAEL NODS)
174) 17) text: Did Miss Sue try to persuade you to attend Ole Miss? (MICHAEL NODS)
174) 18) text: Did you know that the Tuohys make generous donations to Ole Miss? That even Miss Sue makes donations? That the:Tuohy's have a condo in Oxford so they can attend as many athletic events as possible? That, in fact, Sean and Leigh Anne Tuohy are by our definition "boosters." MICHAEL
174) 20) text: A booster is someone with an abnormal interest in a school's sports. Someone who-contributes financially to the University's athletic program. Michael doesn't answer, just keeps rubbing his knees. The comes the part we've heard before...' GRANGER (CONT'D)
174) 28) text: Michael?... MICHAEL
174) 29) text: Iono... she sifts through her briefcase, pulls out files, documen a good bit of evidence for whatever trouble Michael is in She sits back, stares at Michael, as if trying to figure out. Michael can't meet her gaze. He looks out the window rubs his knees some more. MICHAEL (CONT'D)
174) 31) text: No. You can't. Michael's building up anxiety by the second. MICHAEL
174) 33) text: What I want, what my job is, is to discern whether something untoward occurred in your recruitment to Ole Miss. MICHAEL
174) 35) text: I want the facts. I need the truth. MICHAEL
174) 37) text: And I want to know what you think about all this. MICHAEL
174) 40) text: The NCAA fears that with your recruitment a door might be opened that boosters from lots of schools in the south will become legal guardians for young athletes without means and funnel them to their Alma Maters. Michael still doesn't get it, shakes his head. GRANGER (CONT'D)
174) 41) text: I'm not saying I believe it and I'm not saying I don't, but there are many people involved with this case who would argue that the Tuohys took you in, fed you, clothed you, paid for your private education -- MICHAEL
174) 43) text: -- bought you a car and paid for a tutor all as part of a plan to insure that you played football for the University of Mississippi. Now Michael understands. He stares at the floor for a lon time then quickly stands and makes for the door. GRANGER (CONT'D)
174) 44) text: Michael, we're not finished. But he's gone.
175) 0) text: Leigh Anne sees Michael exit the building. Once he's outs he moves in circles, gesticulating and talking to himself Leigh Anne races over -- LEIGH ANNE
175) 1) text: Michael, what's wrong? He looks at her, glares really; upset. MICHAEL
175) 4) text: What? MICHAEL
175) 6) text: Well, of course, but... MICHAEL
175) 8) text: What? MICHAEL
175) 10) text: No, Michael... MICHAEL
175) 12) text: Michael, look... I can see where, where some people might... Her inability, for the first time, to articulate, hits Michael in the face. MICHAEL
175) 14) text: Michael?! But she doesn't move, just watches him go. 189 OMITTED 189     
176) 2) text: Michael, please call me and let me know you're okay. LEIGH ANNE
178) 0) text: Michael makes his way toward Building "C", passing some o the same faces we've seen before. (CONTINUED)    
178) 2) text: Alton opens his door to make a transaction with an addict spots Michael. ALTON
178) 3) text: That you Big Mike? Get your ass in here. MICHAEL
178) 5) text: Your Mama? Oh, I seen Dee Dee around. She usually stop by for a taste around this time. Tell you what, I'll get you a forty and we'll chop it up 'til she get here. Michael hesitates. Alton smiles, beckons. 192 OMITTED 192
179) 0) text: Shitty but with good electronics. There are maybe eight people in the apartment - partying, drinking, getting hig Michael steps inside. Alton points to a chair. A stoned o couple smokes on the adjacent couch. Next to them an INFANT cries in a broken down crib. In th other corner of the room sits David, the young man we met before. Michael nods and David nods back. Alton hands Michael a beer. ALTON
179) 1) text: It's good to see you, Big Mike. You lookin' fit. I heard you playin' some ball. MICHAEL
179) 4) text: 121 193 CONTINUED: 193 MICHAEL
179) 11) text: Turn it up, bitch! David jumps up and cranks the volume on a RAP SONG until beat is bouncing off the walls. Michael sips the beer; ru his knees. ALTON (CONT'D)
179) 12) text: You stayin' to the other side of town, that's what Dee Dee said. Said you got a new Mama. She fine, too. I seen her when she come to see Dee Dee. MICHAEL
179) 14) text: She got any other kids? She got a daughter? (MICHAEL NODS)
179) 15) text: You tap that? Michael sets down the beer, rises to leave. ALTON (CONT'D)
179) 16) text: Where you going? Sit down. I wanna hear about your fine white sister. 'Cause I like me some mommy/daughter. MICHAEL
179) 17) text: Shut up. Alton steps in front of Michael, raises his hands --- (CONTINUED)    
179) 20) text: Michael shoves him hard. Alton unprepared for the force, flies back against the wall. On the ground he reaches in belt for his gun, but just as he gets it out -- Michael slaps it away. He picks up Alton and throws him across the room. The party comes unhinged as Michael grab Alton, holds him against the wall with one hand while pounding him with the other. Blood flies from Alton's fac eighteen years of subdued rage coming out in seconds. TWO OTHER GUYS grab Michael from behind and one --
181) 0) text: Michael looks at the blood on his hands and shirt and stumbles out of the room, terrified.
182) 0) text: Leigh Anne stands at the doorway to Michael's empty, very neat room. She stares, missing everything about him.
183) 0) text: Leigh Anne drives around, looking for Michael at Wingate.
185) 3) text: Michael was here? ALTON
186) 1) text: Michael?!!! MICHAEL'S VOICE
187) 0) text: The one where Michael spent the night. He sits inside.  Leigh Anne pulls up, stops and they lock eyes.
188) 0) text: Leigh Anne sits on the curb with Michael. LEIGH ANNE
188) 1) text: I'd imagine the last thing anybody at Hurt Village wants is cops snooping around. (after a beat) I swore I'd never ask but... how'd  you make it out of there, Michael?  MICHAEL
188) 7) text: Ferdinand the bull. Everyone assumed because he was big that he wanted to fight in the ring. But he just wanted to sit under a tree and smell the flowers. (right at him) I know I should have asked this a long time ago but do you even wanna play football? I mean, do you even like it?' Michael considers this.  MICHAEL
188) 10) text: Sean and I have been talking and Michael, if you're gonna accept a football scholarship we think it should be from Tennessee. (off his look) And I promise you I will be at every game cheering for you. MICHAEL
188) 13) text: But I will not wear that gaudy orange of theirs because it's not in my color wheel. MICHAEL
188) 15) text: I want you to go wherever you want. It's your decision, Michael. It's your life. MICHAEL 
188) 17) text: Your decision; your life. Michael smiles.  MICHAEL
189) 0) text: Michael is at another session with Jocelyn Granger.  MICHAEL
189) 2) text: You were pretty upset. MICHAEL
189) 4) text: I'm trying to get to the bottom of this. MICHAEL
189) 7) text: Okay... MICHAEL
189) 9) text: Alright, fine, Michael... why do you want to go to Ole Miss? MICHAEL
189) 10) text: It's where my family goes to school. It's where they've always gone to school. Granger considers this, stares at Michael, then almost, j almost, smiles. DISSOLVE TO:
190) 11) text: Yeah, yeah, yeah...  Sean and Michael and SJ eye a GROUP OF ATTRACTIVE COEDS  sashaying past. SJ does a little dance move and laughs. SEAN
190) 13) text: Michael Oher, you listen to me. I want you to enjoy yourself but you need to know that if you get a girl pregnant out of wedlock I will climb in the car, drive here to Oxford and cut off your penis. SI
190) 14) text: (sotto: to Michael) She means it. (CONTINUED)    
190) 15) text: 129 204 CONTINUED: 204 MICHAEL
190) 16) text: Yes ma'am. Leigh Anne gives Sean a look that says, "let's get on the road." Sean offers a hand; Michael shakes it. Collins hig fives him. SJ offers a fist; Michael knocks it. Leigh Anne, tearing up, nods and gives Michael a quick hu MICHAEL (CONT'D)
190) 18) text: The 78'll be a parking lot. We should go. She gets inside and closes the door for privacy. Sean, SJ, Collins and Michael stand there, watching her c MICHAEL
190) 20) text: She's an onion, Michael. You have to peel her one layer at a time. Michael walks over to the car, knocks on the window. She rolls it down, dabbing tears from her eyes. LEIGH ANNE
190) 21) text: What? MICHAEL
190) 34) text: Beautiful on a fall day. And then THE STILL COMES TO LIFE and Michael, books in hand, ENTERS FRAME walking. It's li the other Michael/crowd shots with one difference - this he moves at the same speed as everyone else.
191) 4) text: Michael Oher was a freshman All-American in his first sea and, with help from Miss Sue, made the Dean's List. Collins followed in her Mom's footsteps and became a cheerleader at Ole Miss. Sean and Leigh Anne still live in Memphis.