0) 2) dialog: (to others) Upstairs.
0) 5) text: The troops, and one or two trenchcoated agents, continue entering the house and heading upstairs, still with rifle ready.
0) 9) dialog: Knock it down.
14) 0) text: Later, the four are watching TV. On TV is a secret service agent giving a news interview.
15) 0) text: Joey is taking a shower, wearing walkman headphones, singing along with the music. Joey finishes, turns off the shower, still singing. He draws open the shower curtain to find two secret service agents with shotguns pointed at him.
15) 1) dialog: FREEZE!
15) 3) text: The agents drag Joey, still naked and wet, out of the shower and into the living room. His mother is hysterical..
15) 5) dialog: Get in there! Sit down!
15) 6) dialog: Stay down there. Don't move.
15) 9) text: Joey dives onto the agent carrying Lucy away, losing his towel.  His mother, seeing his exposed buttocks, is shocked.
16) 0) text: A police-type vehicle pulls up. It's Agent Richard Gill of the Secret Service.  He stops a young agent for an update.
16) 10) text: While Jennifer conducts the interview, agents lead Joey into an unmarked car. His mother is behind him, still hysterical.
19) 0) text: Joey is distraught over the dismantling of Lucy. Agent Ray examines the Mac's innards.
20) 0) text: Joey's apartment building is an L-shaped skyscraper about 30 storeys high, unimpressive by New York City standards. Two Secret Service agents are staking Joey out in a car outside.
20) 1) dialog: Unit 3 outside suspect Joey Pardella's apartment. Nothing to report. Suspect still grounded... by his mother.
20) 3) dialog: Listen to this bullshit. (he reads) "This is our world now. The world of the electron and the switch, the beauty of the baud. We exist without nationality, skin color, or religious bias. You wage wars, murder, cheat, lie to us and try to make us believe it's for our own good, yet we're the criminals. Yes, I am a criminal. My crime is that of curiosity. I am a hacker and this is my manifesto." Huh, right, manifesto? "You may stop me, but you can't stop us all."
20) 5) dialog: Cool?
20) 7) dialog: You think it's cool?
20) 9) dialog: It's not cool. It's commie bullshit!
22) 0) text: It's after school. Dade's just unlocking the front door, only to find a Secret Service agent behind it.  And one behind him in the hallway. Both point pistols at him.
22) 2) dialog: Don't move!
22) 5) dialog: Shut up!
22) 8) dialog: Just sit in the bed and keep your hands where we can see them.
22) 17) text: The three secret service agents leave Plague and Dade alone.  Plague shuts the door behind them.
30) 10) text: She kisses his forehead and leaves. He springs back to life, gets up and gets the disc from where he stashed it in the air vent. EXT. PARK. Joey is nervously waiting on a park bench. Phreak arrives Agents Ray and Bob still have Joey staked out.
30) 17) text: Joey hands Phreak the disc. Agent Bob is taking pictures, and Phreak notices.
30) 21) text: The agents split up, one runs after Joey, the other after Phreak. INT. HIGH SCHOOL BOYS' ROOM. Phreak has lost his tail. He puts Joey's disc behind a condom machine in the boys' room at school, and sticks it there with gum. INT. PHREAK'S ROOM. Phreak frantically destroys all records of his hacking career. He knows he's about to be busted. DREAM SEQUENCE. The Secret Service is about to burst in on Phreak. He still hasn't destroyed any records, and starts manically going through everything. Gill is on his laptop screen.
31) 3) dialog: Secret Service, don't move!
31) 5) dialog: Ray Sanchez, you are under arrest, under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986.
34) 8) text: The phone company tech jumps back in the hole, Cereal and Nikon take off. INT. SECRET SERVICE BULDING. A woman is seated at the desk.  Agent Gill walks by.
47) 15) text: The SS have caught up with the hackers. Agent Bob seems t be choosing which pore on which hacker's face to blow awa first. Only Joey thinks to put his hands up. As they are led away, a handcuffed Dade surrreptitiously disc with the worm into a trashcan. EXT. GRAND CENTRAL STATION. Outside, he notices Cereal, who wasn't present to be arrested. He yells to the crowd, but really is addressing Cereal.
49) 4) dialog: You've got a Mrs. Murphy to see you, sir.
49) 15) text: Agent Bob enters.
49) 16) dialog: The news crew you requested is here.