2) 0) text: We enjoy several views of New York, the morning sun shining between skyscrapers, neon signs that stay lit day and night. Dade emerges from the ground-floor apartment on rollerblades and skates down the street to school. INT. HIGH SCHOOL. At school, hundreds of teenagers converse, move around, head to class.  Dade looks lost among them. He walks up to a skinny latino kid in a faux leopard-skin muscle shirt. The kid is on a pay-phone, speaking in Spanish.
5) 0) text: Dade rolls in on rollerblades.  Street vendors hawk computer parts and bootleg software. A bootleg music vendor catches Dade's attention.
14) 6) text: Cheesy music plays. Razor and Blade, androgynous asian brothers, have a community access TV show. "Wayne's World in eye liner.
14) 8) dialog: Hack the Planet!
14) 11) dialog: Jolt Cola! The soft drink of the elite hacker.
14) 15) text: Now Razor and Blade have a disconnected payphone in their studio.
14) 17) dialog: (in unison) Don't ask.
14) 18) dialog: As you can see, this is just a simple microcassette recorder. (shows the microcassette recorder)  Hook it up to the phone and drop in five bucks in quarters.
14) 20) dialog: And never again have to pay for a service that would be dirt cheap...
14) 22) dialog: Remember, hacking is more than just a crime. It's a survival trait!
37) 0) text: Weird music plays, lots of weird people dance.  Razor and Blade are on stage, dancing in front of a huge speaker.
37) 4) text: Dade and Kate push through the crowd. The song changes to a fast industrial rap number, Razor and Blade leave the stage, and Dade starts getting moshed. He climbs on the stage to follow Razor and Blade. For his trouble, he is thrown back onto the crowd, who pass him around overhead. Finally the crowd lets him go.  He catches up with Kate.
37) 6) text: Dade tries to explain, but is at a loss for words. They make their way to the entrance to Razor and Blade's lair. Video monitors are everywhere.
37) 10) dialog: (through video intercom) What do you want?
37) 15) dialog: Let's keep her.
37) 17) text: The gun goes off. It's only a cigarette lighter! No one can accuse Razor and Blade of not having a sense of humor INT. RAZOR AND BLADE'S PLACE.
37) 22) dialog: See, we're very busy. A TV network that wishes to remain nameless has expressed an interest in our show.
37) 25) dialog: That's it! An electronic army! If I were us, I'd get on the internet, send out a major distress signal.
37) 27) dialog: How are you going to take care of the cops?
50) 6) text: Razor and Blade busily work on keeping him on the air.