0) 7) text: Upstairs, crowded in the narrow hallway, the troops descend on a bedroom.
1) 10) text: Dade goes to work on OTV. He closes his eyes and a flurry of half-second video clips from old TV shows flashes by. He opens his eyes. His screen says ENTERING ARPS 331 and then wipes to another screen. Automated Record Playback System. There is a graphic representation of the station's automatic videotape changer. Dade turns on his TV set and turns to OTV. It is running a Rush-Limbaugh type TV show.
1) 27) text: More dueling tape changers, more half second video clips. Another message. I WILL SNAP YOUR BACK LIKE A TOOTHPICK
2) 9) text: Dade notices her lips, and in his imagination launches into a flurry of half-second video clips and art bites, all involving lips and kissing.
2) 27) text: A guy in the halls notices Dade.
6) 5) text: Kate and Curtis start to take off on Curtis' motorcycle. Kate and Dade make eye contact briefly. The motorcycle speeds off into the night. INT. DADE'S ROOM. The clock says it's 4:16. As the camera pans up to Dade, it changes to 4:17. Dade is hacking again. It's the school's administration system. Dade schedules a test of the school sprinkler system for 9:30am. INT. HIGH SCHOOL CORRIDIR. Dade stands alone in the hall, watching the time closely. Phreak rounds a corner and meets Dade.
6) 9) text: Oh my God. You... A bell rings and students pour out into the halls by the hundreds. They're all being showered on. A tall cheerleader bounces by Phreak, pushing her pom-pom in his face.
7) 0) text: Dade, Kate, and a couple of other students are writing on the chalkboard. Kate finishes first.
9) 1) dialog: (on phone) Mr. Belford?
9) 3) dialog: Uh, Mr. The Plague, uh, something weird's happening on the net.
9) 5) dialog: Uh, the accounting subdirectory in the Gibson is working really hard. We got one person online, the workload is enough for like ten users. I think we've got a hacker.
10) 6) dialog: I've narrowed the activity to terminal 23.
10) 8) text: The huge monitor lights up with the display of the Gibson's resources. Hal and the Plague watch. Plague starts "surfing" around.
10) 12) text: He puts on a telephone headset. Hal dials for him.
12) 1) dialog: He's gone!
13) 0) text: Joey takes a disk out of his computer and stashes it in a air vent in the cieling. INT. TENEMENT HALLWAY. Phreak, Dade and Cereal are rollerblading through the halls of an apartment building that is filled with graffiti. It appears that most of the spray-bomb art was created by the residents.
22) 0) text: It's after school. Dade's just unlocking the front door, only to find a Secret Service agent behind it.  And one behind him in the hallway. Both point pistols at him.
25) 28) text: MONTAGE: Scenes of Dade and Kate preparing for the challe
25) 38) text: All five are together at the beginning of the challenge.
25) 41) text: Dade and Kate shake hands and the challenge begins. EXT. NEW YORK CITY PUBLIC PHONE. At a public phone, Kate hacks into Concourse Bank, looks up Richard Gill, and has his credit card maxed out. "Destroy Card" is the final instruction. The other hackers look on. INT. RESTAURANT. A waiter runs a credit card through a validation machine, sees the message and returns to the patron's table. It is Richard Gill. Right there, the waiter chops the MasterCard in two with a pair of scissors, to Gill's horror. EXT. NEW YORK CITY PUBLIC PHONE. Dade hacks into an electronic personal ads system and changes an ad.
32) 62) text: Hours pass. Dade studies and reverse engineers the garbage file. The other hackers watch, and do just about anything but be hackers. Finally, over boxes of half-finished pizza, Dade makes an announcement.
38) 22) dialog: There's a new virus in the database.
38) 24) dialog: It's replicating, eating up memory. What do I do?
38) 27) dialog: We have a Zero Bug attacking all the login and overlay files.
38) 31) dialog: The rabbit is in the administration system.
38) 35) dialog: A rabbit replicates till it overloads a file, then it spreads like cancer.
43) 4) dialog: They're coming in from remote nodes. They're going after the Kernal!
43) 6) dialog: The System Command Processor, it's the brain.
47) 3) dialog: They're in the kernal.