4) 0) text: There are about 40-50 teenagers in various default street clothes, shorts and tees mostly. Robbie takes his place i line behind an older, taller boy, ALEX, who seems to know almost everyone, and has made it his personal mission to greet them.
4) 1) dialog: (back still to ROBBIE) ...and so SHE says I'll have the filet AND the lobster". I had to borrow twenty bucks from Fitzgerald just to get out of the restaurant.
4) 2) text: Two guys in front of Alex are laughing now.     Further d line however, another voice pops up.
4) 4) dialog: (avoiding) Ohhh, hey Dougie. I'll catch up with you later... (turning around to ROBBIE as not to continue the conversation) Hey, how you doin'? Haven't seen you before.
4) 5) text: Page 5 of 81 ALEX looks in his wallet, as do we.    It is empty.
4) 7) dialog: I'm Alex.     Where you workin'?
4) 9) dialog: What's the matter, can't swim?
4) 11) dialog: Well, you look old enough to be a guard.
4) 13) dialog: It's just that most of the guys on grounds are a little younger than you. Most guys your age that can swim are guards.
4) 15) dialog: Oh, no no no. I work concessions...at Aokee's Surf and Snack Shack. It's just as well. The guards are mostly stuck up anyway. The rest of us are the ones who know how to have fun.
4) 17) dialog: (smiling) Nope.
4) 19) dialog: (mimicking his perception of surfers) Surf tunes, dude!
4) 22) dialog: (gesturing) Ahh. And here we have the fair Melissa, time clerk extraordinaire...
4) 24) dialog: (looking upward toward the sky) Dear Melissa. There's nothing about our relationship that couldn't be fixed by us spending a few moments together in the pumphouse behind Thunder Bay.
4) 27) dialog: (not missing a beat) My dear, you cut me to the quick. Check off my name and that of my amigo here, Mr. Robbie Zirpollo.
4) 29) dialog: (to ROBBIE) She wants me. (turning back to MELISSA) Yeeees?
4) 31) dialog: Page 7 of 81 (head shaking, to ROBBIE, walking together) Some people have no sense of humor.
4) 34) dialog: (unimpressed, putting his hand on ROBBIE's shoulder as if to hold him back, like a horse that is riled up) Eeeaasy there, big fella. Not in your lifetime. (wistfully, glancing over) Or mine.
4) 36) dialog: Miss Tiffany Maxwell, daughter of Big Mike Maxwell, owner and operator of this here fine water park.
4) 38) dialog: See, Princess Tiffany and her friends pretty much have the run of the park. Her boyfriend is Dan Peterson, a guy we all call Cowboy, one of the lifeguards. Pretty decent guy from what I can tell. But she's a piece of work. Your best strategy is to steer clear of her and she won't cause you any trouble.
4) 40) dialog: Big. Guy.
4) 52) dialog: Let's just say....you are critical and indispensable to the ongoing operation... and....flow of things here at the park. (he and MALE UNIFORM GUY exchange a knowing glance)
4) 56) dialog: I'll show him. I'm going in that
4) 58) text: They walk off.   As they walk off we can hear ALEX in the distance...
4) 59) dialog: (marching) Left. Left. Left right left.
4) 62) text: ALEX walks up.   AOKEE waves to him.   He is obviously up
4) 65) dialog: Who....?
4) 68) dialog: (thinking) You know...I just met a guy that's old
4) 71) dialog: Seemed like our kind of people.
4) 72) text: AOKEE thinks for a moment. He glances up towards Surf's U It hits both he and ALEX at the same time...
4) 78) dialog: (nodding, running in place) OK.
4) 79) text: ALEX takes off, and AOKEE runs again....
4) 95) text: Suddenly ALEX bursts onto the scene, and even he, at this point, is somewhat out of breath.
4) 96) dialog: Hello, Colonel!
4) 98) dialog: Yes sir, Colonel. And what a fine staff you've assembled this year. Have you told them yet about your army background?
4) 100) dialog: Page 13 of 81 (interrupting, to the grounds kids) The Colonel here is very modest. Did you know that he reorganized the entire process of cleaning and sanitizing an army barracks and its latrines?
4) 102) dialog: (interrupting again) Wasn't much? (again, to grounds kids) Can you just imagine for a moment the germs and bacteria our American soldiers could pick up in an unsanitised army latrine? It's impossible to determine just how many lives have been saved thanks to the efforts of this one humble Army Colonel.
4) 104) dialog: (to the grounds kids) I, too, came up through the ranks when at age 14, I began my service here at Water World learning from this great man.
4) 106) dialog: Not even sure I remember it myself, sir. But I remember much more. Did you tell them about the film?
4) 108) dialog: (to THE COLONEL) "Hygiene Makes You Happy" (to the grounds kids) Every enlisted man in the army has seen it. Some by choice. All from the mind of The Colonel here...
4) 114) text: ALEX gets behind AOKEE, deciding he needs some help, feed him words.
4) 115) dialog: (quietly behind AOKEE) Bureaucratic bumble...
4) 117) dialog: Lost paperwork....
4) 119) dialog: An error in the front office...
4) 121) dialog: Spiced applesauce....
4) 123) text: AOKEE stops, turn and glares at ALEX, who merely smiles a shrugs.
4) 125) text: ALEX comes around from behind AOKEE.
4) 126) dialog: It's Robbie sir. He was supposed to work at Aokee's and through some crazy mix-up, he ended up here.
4) 129) dialog: (can't pass this up)
4) 132) dialog: Never happened before....
4) 134) dialog: Spaghetti marinara...
4) 140) text: THE COLONEL goes back to the girl MELINDA he was about to nickname before the interruption, but is staring after AL AOKEE and ROBBIE as they walk off. He looks at MELINDA. H looks back at ALEX &amp; company. It hits him.
4) 150) text: Another cheer starts up, smaller this time, which ALEX starts.
4) 167) dialog: Page 18 of 81 (breaking the silence) Alright! Whoo whoo!
4) 168) text: ALEX, then everyone begins applauding. ROBBIE looks at AL quizzically, ALEX just shrugs. The meeting breaks up. 13        INT - MORNING - THE NEXT DAY - AOKEE'S SURF &am Everyone is hurrying around, getting ready for opening da ROBBIE, wearing his new blue Hawaiian shirt, is cutting pineapple. AOKEE is busy hovering over everyone, and cook chicken on the grill. ALEX walks in.
4) 169) dialog: (to ROBBIE) Hey, hey lookin' good. Blue is your color. Beats that stupid t-shirt, huh?
4) 173) text: ALEX takes a pile of silverware wrapped in napkins, and points to ROBBIE to grab a box of sugar packets to refill dispensers. ROBBIE grabs it quickly, enthusiastically, bu loses his grip and spills the packets on the floor. At that moment, AUDREY a girl in her teens who works at AOKEE'S and is stacking plastic cups on the counter, accidentally knocks a stack of cups to the ground. RAMON, a teenage boy who works there is behind the counte He bends over, disappearing, and we hear a crash of pots pans. His head peers up from below the counter sheepishly AOKEE turns from the grill looking at all this, and has a worried look, but smiles and shrugs weakly.
4) 175) text: ALEX comes up close next to him at the grill so they can talk.
4) 177) dialog: Page 19 of 81 (agreeing) No problem.
4) 178) text: ALEX pops a CD out of the rack above the sound system, an puts it in the CD player, stopping the standard pastoral Hawaiian music that has been playing. He turns up the volume some on the amp, and goes over to SARAH, a teenage girl working there, and grabs her grass skirt by the Velcro, removing it with a Velcro rip.
4) 179) dialog: Sorry, Sarah, but I need to borrow this.
4) 181) dialog: (mock surprise, rolling his eyes) Oh, Puh-leeaase.
4) 182) text: ALEX walks back out to the dining area, everyone is still working.
4) 183) dialog: (to all) Ladies and Gentlemen, may I have your attention, please?
4) 184) text: Everyone stops and looks at ALEX.
4) 185) dialog: In exactly 30 minutes, hundreds of dripping wet customers with fistfuls of money smelling of chlorine and suntan lotion will be walking in here. And what will they be looking for? (as if directing a choir)
4) 187) dialog: Annnnnnd?
4) 189) dialog: Now, everyone's a little tense, except me, of course. So to help you get in the proper frame of mind and relax, we need
4) 192) dialog: This is little tune I like to call the Paradise Slide. (mouthing with the song as it starts) One, two, a one two three.
4) 193) text: The music starts and ALEX, now wearing SARAH's grass skir launches into his version of the electric slide, Hawaiian style. EVERYONE ELSE gets the beat and begins working to the mus AOKEE is using his spatulas as drum sticks on the overhan kitchen tools. RAMON has inverted an empty pot and is beating it conga-d style. ROBBIE has picked up the sugar packets and ALEX is dancin and quickly (almost casually) tossing silverware/napkin r to ROBBIE as ROBBIE catches them (at first with some difficulty) and puts them on the tables. SARAH has re-stacked the cups, and is juggling salt &amp; shakers, placing them on the tables. AUDREY chops onions the beat.
4) 199) text: As the song ends (abruptly), AOKEE bumps a surfboard (par the restaurant's decoration) with his hip, knocking it an another one to the ground. Page 21 of 81 There is a loud crash and everyone pauses and looks at AO waiting to see if he gets mad. AOKEE looks down at his hip, and makes a puppy-dog face l "I didn't know my hips were that big...." Everyone claps, laughing. AOKEE takes a bow. 14        INT -LATER THAT DAY - AOKEE'S SURF &amp; SNACK ROBBIE and ALEX are carrying bus tubs loaded with dirty dishes back toward the kitchen from the dining area. AOKEE is sipping on a smoothie and leaning back on a coun There are only a few customers in the eating area. They set the tubs down on a counter that passes to the ba area. An unseen person takes them into the dishwashing ar
4) 202) dialog: (nodding knowingly) Right. See you in a little while.
4) 206) dialog: Well, it's early in the season yet. We'll get busier.
4) 208) dialog: (laughing) Don't worry. You'll get used to it.      And tips were good, right?
4) 212) dialog: Oh, you'll find this ride interesting.
4) 214) dialog: (as a rider falls) It's a lot harder than it looks.
4) 216) dialog: Now this is a place of many wonders.     See those guys in line over there?
4) 218) dialog: We call them "Wave Bums". They all have season passes, and do little more than ride the wave all day long. Some of them get pretty good.
4) 219) text: Alex points up to a fence, behind which some smoke appear be drifting up.
4) 220) dialog: That's where they hang out when they're not riding the wave. Don't get too close to them.
4) 222) dialog: (sniffing) Contact high.
4) 223) text: ROBBIE nods, understanding. ALEX points back to THE WAVE. Page 23 of 81
4) 224) dialog: And there, my friend, is another one of The Wave's features.
4) 226) dialog: We call them "Wave Babes". And there's a special secret to this ride.
4) 227) text: With that ALEX walks over to BOB, a guy in his late teens wearing a Security Golf Shirt. He is standing and looking off in a different direction.
4) 228) dialog: Hey, Bob....can I borrow your radio a minute?
4) 230) text: He hands him the radio, and ALEX is back with ROBBIE.
4) 231) dialog: (into radio) Hey Frank, it's Alex.
4) 232) text: ALEX waves and FRANK, the guard watching THE WAVE waves b
4) 234) dialog: (into radio) Listen you have a possible code 4. (to ROBBIE) Means a "hottie".
4) 235) dialog: (to radio) She's up next. A free chicken sandwich and a smoothie if you bounce up the pressure a bit.
4) 237) dialog: (to ROBBIE) He knows my weak spot. (to radio) Two Volcanos and a chicken sandwich.
4) 240) dialog: (to ROBBIE, still holding the radio) Watch, and wait....
4) 241) text: THEY LOOK intently at the WAVE BABE, who is pretty good, with the increased water flow. But, after a few deft move she falls. ALEX looks, and sees what he is looking for. ROBBIE smiles.
4) 242) dialog: Yesss!
4) 247) text: She looks down behind the board and reacts.     She bites lower lip, winces and nods yes. SKEETER hands her her swimsuit, and she looks around and backs away towards a towel hanging from the fence nearby. SNITCH is still frozen, stunned by what he's just seen, m wide open. SKEETER waves his hand in front of SNITCH's fa No reaction.   He's never seen a naked girl before. We're back to ALEX and ROBBIE.
4) 250) dialog: Well, sometime bring your swimsuit. We'll come back on break. I'll show you how to do it. Surf's is this way. And keep an eye out for Frank over there. We owe him.
4) 253) dialog: (pointing) The First Aid station is over there. Just ask the guard. I just want to say hello to this girl I know.
4) 266) dialog: Jama...I mean...Jaffa the Jamaican...what shakes, it mon?
4) 268) dialog: Jaffa, meet Robbie Zirpollo. (to ROBBIE) Jaffa plays the tunes and talks the talk.
4) 276) dialog: (to ROBBIE) He's calling for security.
4) 277) text: ALEX wanders off a moment, looking at something going on the distance. Page 27 of 81
4) 282) text: ROBBIE smiles and nods, and waves goodbye to catch up wit ALEX.
4) 286) dialog: Hey Eddie.     What have you got?
4) 289) dialog: You got this?
4) 291) text: ALEX and ROBBIE walk away as EDDIE places a "RESTROOM CLO sandwich board in front of the door. Just then BIG MIKE rushes up.
4) 300) text: Page 29 of 81 KATIE just shakes her head in amazement. ROBBIE and ALEX walk up to them. AMY is out of earshot, loading a kid. ALEX hangs back a bit.
4) 306) dialog: Hi, Amy.   Who's this?
4) 311) text: ALEX and ROBBIE walk off.
4) 321) dialog: About what?
4) 323) dialog: I'll tell you over a hamburger at Big Mike's.
4) 324) text: ROBBIE and ALEX proceed to BIG MIKE's out of frame. SUDDENLY in the background we see a tube splashdown from slide and the 7 year-old girl riding in it falls out. Realizing she is no longer safely in a tube she screams a begins splashing as if drowning. A guard nearby blows a single tweet of her whistle. IN SLOW MOTION we see four other guards throughout the ar turn and react to the whistle. They begin running, BAYWAT style towards the scene. Page 31 of 81 Two guards are running and carrying a backboard. They converge in another BAYWATCH style slow-mo shot and line along the edge of the splashdown pool. One guard in the middle has a rescue tube, and, still in motion, squats down slowly as if to jump in and rescue th girl. At the low end of the jump crouch, however he stops. his face in close-up as he says.
4) 329) dialog: (smiling) Yep. (now laughing)
4) 331) dialog: There's no such thing as a table stretcher or a left-handed coffee pot.
4) 333) dialog: (smiling) It's just Aokee's way of giving you a tour of the park without having to be there. Consider it a rookie initiation.
4) 335) dialog: Time to make it up to you.    Come on.
4) 338) dialog: Hey Davey...how 'bout two for two?
4) 340) dialog: (looks at ROBBIE) Chocolate. (ROBBIE nods)
4) 342) dialog: Now, if he ever shows up at our back door, we owe him chicken and smoothies.
4) 344) dialog: Well...the discount is larger this way.
4) 345) text: ROBBIE is getting out money from his pocket, counting thr it. DAVE shows up with two burgers and two malts, and hands t to ALEX, disappears and shuts the door quickly. ROBBIE is still staring at his money.
4) 346) dialog: Come on...let's go eat!
4) 349) dialog: Oh boy.   Here we go.
4) 351) dialog: Aokee. The pigeons have been taking target practice on his trophy pedestal. Come on.
4) 355) dialog: (to ROBBIE) Happens every week.
4) 359) dialog: (to ROBBIE) That stand is to display the coveted Surfer King trophy. Aokee seems to think that one day some concessions kid with more courage than brains is going to beat the lifeguards in the annual Employee Olympics.
4) 361) dialog: Nothing, really. Just out surf the strongest guard of them all in the surfing competition. No big deal.
4) 363) dialog: A guard always wins the surf competition. Know why?
4) 375) text: AMY looks over to KATIE and rolls her eyes. ALEX arrives at this point, and decides to provide a distraction.
4) 376) dialog: Amy. Have you ever seen the fabulous Cummings and Robbins 2000-B?
4) 379) dialog: It's incredible.      It washes 2000 plates an hour....
4) 388) text: ALEX has distracted AMY all he could and they return from kitchen.
4) 391) dialog: (to ROBBIE, interested) Well...how'd you do?
4) 393) dialog: Good job. You work fast. Hey it's time for our break. Bring your swimsuit?
4) 395) dialog: The Wave.    I love that water.
4) 397) dialog: Can't swim. It's only three inches deep.
4) 401) dialog: Now, just take it easy, and don't expect too much at first. When you wipe out, your ride is done.
4) 402) text: ALEX is up now, and he grabs the board and jumps in. He i pretty good, but not nearly as good as the WAVE BUMS. He does a few tricks and wipes out. He gets up and walks up the line to watch ROBBIE.
4) 403) dialog: (shouting) Just ease into it.
4) 405) dialog: (meeting him at the exit) Gees. Where did you learn to do that?
4) 408) dialog: Think you could ride that?
4) 410) text: ALEX just smiles. 32        INT - LATER THAT DAY - AOKEE'S SURF &amp; SNACK AOKEE is cleaning up behind the counter.    ALEX is grinn like the cat that ate the canary.
4) 412) dialog: Page 37 of 81 (shaking his head) You're not gonna believe it...
4) 414) dialog: I took Robbie to The Wave today.
4) 416) dialog: No. It turns out that he's from Oceanside. California. You know, where they always hold those surf competitions?
4) 418) dialog: It turns out that he placed second in the state high school finals for the shortboard competition. As a Sophomore.
4) 420) dialog: I saw it myself.      You wouldn't believe it.
4) 423) dialog: Our Robbie.
4) 425) dialog: That's what I was thinking.
4) 427) dialog: You heard it. He's in the kitchen...
4) 428) text: Page 38 of 81 ALEX goes into the back. AOKEE sits at a table. Robbie comes out of the kitchen wearing a dishwasher apron.
4) 431) text: WE HEAR the whine of a blender as ALEX is working on the Volcano Smoothie.
4) 437) text: ALEX arrives with the Volcano Smoothie. He turns a chair around and sits. They will gang up on him.
4) 439) dialog: It's a big deal. Every girl     wants to date you. Every guy wants to BE      you. Special privileges...we all     wear standard uniforms.   The Surfer King     gets to be creative. You ever see the      cowboy hat Cowboy wears?
4) 443) dialog: He's a myth.
4) 445) dialog: (thinking) Pipeman. The Banzai Pipeline. I get it. Some kind of legendary surf champ. Where do we find him?
4) 450) text: AOKEE and ALEX are huddled around smiling.
4) 464) dialog: (looking up at the sign) This will be good. Aokee throws a great Luau.
4) 466) dialog: There'll still be time for fun. Most of the work is setting up. Besides, we get paid, too. When was the last time you got paid to party?
4) 467) text: With that, ALEX punches in, as if to punctuate the line. 36        EXT - NIGHT -   OUTSIDE AOKEE'S SURF &amp; SNAC It is dark, but the place is lit up by little lights everywhere, Christmas lights in the fake palm trees, TIKI lights around AOKEE's, and lights lighting a stage where band is playing, what else, surf music. Buffet tables line the area, and there is SMOOTHIE BAR se up. BIG MIKE himself is behind the bar making smoothies, while RICHARD is playing bass in the band. AOKEE is runni around making sure all the buffet items are full. Everyon is wearing Leis, but the cheap plastic ones, except AOKEE his staff, who have real ones flown in from Hawaii.
4) 469) dialog: (to ROBBIE) These never fail.
4) 470) text: ALEX picks up two Leis from a box behind the counter. He Robbie walk over to AMY and KATIE who are standing over n the buffet.
4) 471) dialog: (to ROBBIE, but if front of AMY and Katie) Now this will never do.
4) 474) text: ALEX and ROBBIE set the smoothies on a nearby table. They remove the cheap plastic Leis the girls are wearing. Then they put on the real ones they carried over. ALEX steps b to admire his work.
4) 475) dialog: Oh, yes,    yes....
4) 477) text: The girls look at each other and smile. ALEX and ROBBIE g the smoothies and hand two to the girls. AMY sips hers ri away.
4) 480) dialog: (interrupting) ..special smoothies. Fortunately, you know people on the inside.
4) 483) text: Everyone applauds, AOKEE waves. Alex raises a hand and wa off the accolade. ROBBIE nods and smiles as the AMY and KATIE clap as well.
4) 486) dialog: You girls want to dance?
4) 488) text: AMY shrugs yes and goes out with ALEX.
4) 491) text: AOKEE begins singing the Hawaiian love song, "E O'Mai". couples are dancing; it is a slow song. ALEX, of course, is a goof. He dances slow, but every onc in a while executes a deep dip, much to AMY's terror. EDDIE is off to the edge of the dance floor, watching, longingly, and kind of swaying to the music. A couple of girls walk by and he does a magic trick for them. He holds both hands up, palms open to show he has nothing his hands. He also gestures that he has no sleeves (he is wearing a tuxedo t-shirt). He reaches behind his back and pulls out a trick bouquet of flowers, but they don't quit open right, and are still unfolding as he holds them. EDDIE smiles weakly, he knows that isn't quite how it was supposed to go. The girls appear encouraging, but as they leave look at each other and giggle. We pick up ROBBIE and KATIE dancing.
4) 503) text: They continue to dance. WE SEE BIG MIKE talking to TIFFAN and gesturing broadly. TIFFANY is clearly not agreeing wi what he is saying. COWBOY is nowhere to be seen. Suddenly throws up her hands and marches over to the dance floor w EDDIE is standing alone, swaying a bit to the music. She whispers something in his ear, and EDDIE'S eyes get r big as she leads him by the hand to the middle of the dan floor. She wraps her arms around EDDIE and they dance, al the while glaring at her father. EDDIE knows a good thing when he sees it, and quickly set in, Big Man on Campus. TIFFANY is taller than he is, so h happily puts his head on HER shoulder. BIG MIKE looks back at them, not happy with the way it happened, but satisfied. DOUG FITZGERALD (twenty bucks DOUG) is dancing with a gir when ALEX, doing some kind of fancy spin to AMY, bumps in him.
4) 505) dialog: Oh, Dougie. You know, I left my wallet over in my locker. I'll see you before we leave and get it to you then.
4) 507) dialog: You know, you could always come by Aokee's and I could give it to you in trade.
4) 509) dialog: No problem.
4) 510) text: ALEX grabs AMY and swings her into another fancy move tha leads them away from DOUG. Page 45 of 81 The song ends, and everybody claps.     AOKEE bows.
4) 524) dialog: All these switches feed sound throughout the park. Which reminds me.
4) 526) dialog: And this is for bad little girls who don't know how to have fun.
4) 528) dialog: Oops.   There....almost got you.
4) 529) text: AMY is dodging and laughing. ALEX closes in and seems lik he will kiss her, but just starts gumming her neck, tickl her. AMY leans back laughing and WE SEE her back hits the volume knob on the amplifier.
4) 536) dialog: (interrupting, but to AMY) Uh oh. Sorry. Hold that thought.
4) 538) dialog: (into the radio) I'm on it.
4) 539) text: He turns down the volume back to normal. He also flips a switch. They hear the tune now, and AMY jumps off the counter, stands there and smiles. ALEX does an over-the-t mambo moving to her and they start to slow dance.
4) 613) text: A wave comes and ROBBIE begins paddling.     He misses it Page 53 of 81 splashes the water angrily and turns back to paddle to position again. AOKEE and ALEX look at each other nervous
4) 621) text: ROBBIE paddles over to the spot suggested by PIPEMAN. AOK and ALEX are now sitting on the edge of the lawn chairs anxiously awaiting the next wave. It comes and ROBBIE catches it easily and begins riding it aggressively. He h a good run and kicks out at the end. AOKEE and ALEX high-five.
4) 622) dialog: (together) Yeee-haww.
5) 52) dialog: Just a little friendly pool. No big deal. Helps make this more interesting. Concessions never had a chance before...
5) 57) dialog: Ah, you're the next big thing. You'll survive it. The Employee Olympics are only a week away. What happens is we have this big opening ceremony where each team chooses a theme and we're judged on our spirit. Then different teams compete in contests that test their Water World skills. The next morning it all ends with the surf contest. You ready?
5) 65) dialog: (interrupting, eager) I'm Alex!
5) 71) text: She walks off. ROBBIE just stands there. ALEX starts walking, then comes back. Finally ALEX pushes him on the shoulder.
5) 72) dialog: Come on, we gotta get back.
6) 2) text: AOKEE continues cleaning up. ALEX shows up with a load of cups, AOKEE takes them and starts placing then.
6) 6) dialog: Big something. I hope he knows how to work without a net.
6) 8) dialog: I guess we'll both find out on Sunday.     I sure hope so.
6) 14) text: ROBBIE jumps in and they drive away. ALEX, AMY and KATIE still standing on the porch of the TIME SHACK, shocked at what they've seen.
6) 15) dialog: (disbelief) Tiff?
7) 0) text: We see the rising sun behind AOKEE's head as he raises a conch shell and blows it like a horn. He is dressed like Hawaiian prince. As the shot widens it reveals six males and two females dressed in Hawaiian native garb. ROBBIE And ALEX are amon several drummers with bamboos sticks in their hands that provide percussion for the Hawaiian war dance.
7) 52) dialog: I can't believe those guys screwed up the CPR.
7) 54) dialog: Bunch of babies.
7) 58) text: ROBBIE just looks at both of them nods and sighs heavily the other grounds kids surround our winner in the backgro AOKEE and ALEX walk off. Suddenly TIFFANY appears.
7) 70) text: She walks away. ROBBIE stands there a moment before wakin up and leaving also. 66        INT. EVENING - AOKEE'S SURF &amp; SNACK SHACK It is dark. We see ALEX and AOKEE cleaning up from the da food service. ALEX Is wiping down the smoothie area, AOKE is sweeping on the other side of the counter.
7) 71) dialog: (voice somewhat hushed) I'm telling you we need to talk him. Something's going on.
7) 73) dialog: So how about this? He tells me I've got to cover for him if his mother calls. He told her he's spending the night at my house.
7) 75) dialog: Yes. Tiffany's got something up her sleeve and Robbie's too messed up to
7) 79) text: ALEX disappears back into the kitchen. AOKEE goes to an empty table under the one light on in the dining area and sits down. ALEX comes back and ROBBIE follows.
7) 82) text: ROBBIE sits down.   So does ALEX.   Robbie looks at both gets suspicious.
7) 93) dialog: Robbie. She's still going out with Cowboy. I saw them together at the movies two nights ago.
7) 95) dialog: Robbie...things...things are not always what they seem to be.
7) 99) dialog: She is like that.
7) 101) dialog: Aokee?
7) 103) dialog: OK. Take Aokee for instance.      Gentle, genial Hawaiian guy, right?
7) 105) dialog: Then let me introduce you properly. Robbie Zirpollo, meet Manuel Ramirez.
7) 107) dialog: Manuel's family snuck across the border ten years ago through Juarez, Mexico.
7) 113) text: ALEX nods yes.
7) 115) dialog: (interrupting) And I said, boy, you speak Spanish like a native....uh oh. It's been our little secret. Now it's your secret, too.
7) 117) dialog: (nodding) You do.
7) 120) text: ROBBIE leaves.     ALEX and AOKEE just sit, looking at ea other.
9) 3) dialog: Not yet.
9) 9) text: ROBBIE picks up his board, and they begin walking toward bleachers. ALEX stops and turns suddenly.
9) 10) dialog: She shook her ta-tas? No one said anything about shaking ta-tas. (reflectively) This puts a whole new light on things!
9) 25) text: 70        EXT -MOMENTS LATER - AOKEE'S SURF &amp; SNACK S Page 75 of 81 ROBBIE, ALEX, AOKEE and PIPEMAN have gathered in front of AOKEE's to strategize.
9) 29) dialog: (dismissive) Don't be silly. That only works in the movies.
9) 44) dialog: Flip upside down?
9) 46) dialog: Oh yeah, I'm sure I did that last winter. But not on purpose! Dude. You're either gonna win this thing or you're gonna die.
9) 49) dialog: (mock anger) You stay away from my sister.
9) 55) text: He hands Robbie the board. ALEX heads back to the bleache area, PIPEMAN goes to the pumphouse in back of Thunder Ba AOKEE hangs back with ROBBIE and speaks to him alone.
9) 59) dialog: (to ROBBIE) Looks like he's waiting for you to make a mistake. You sure you know what you're doing?
9) 61) dialog: Works for me! Go get 'em.
9) 62) text: ROBBIE appears on the seawall holding his board and looki out first at the bay, then at the crowd. His mom, CONNIE waves, and he smiles weakly. HE sees KATIE and she looks hopeful. She hasn't given up him completely. He smiles at her and gets into the water. He begins paddling. It seems to take forever for him to g out to the spot where he catches the wave, but he finally arrives. He sits there for a moment, collecting himself, then rais his hand to signal he is ready. The CONCESSIONS KIDS have started to chant, ROBBIE! ROBBI The guards are anxious, but even they can't help moving t the cadence of the chant. The wave comes and he catches it quickly, and slips his f into the duct tape pockets. He misses one pocket at first then gets it in. He rides it carefully and at the right moment slides up t Page 78 of 81 the top and executes a full 360 degree turn out of the wa On landing back on the downside of the wave, he slides do it quickly, and then turns around with a deep cut and hea straight into the wave. At the top he bounces and does a complete back flip in slow motion. We see the crowd also in slow motion. AOKEE Is covering h eyes, he can't watch. ALEX's face is contorted with disbelief. Various faces in the crowd are in open-mouthed disbelief. THE JUDGES are staring intently, focussed so a not to miss anything. ROBBIE lands the flip, and rides the rest of the wave. waves to the crowd, and kicks off, exhausted. The place goes nuts. No one here has ever seen anything l this before. AOKEE and ALEX run into the water and help h out. People are still cheering. COWBOY knows he's in trouble. THE JUDGES confer only momentarily and the score 10 appea and the word concessions starts flashing along with the w winner. COWBOY nods in agreement. TIFFANY says something to him, and he appears angry. only hear part of his response, something like:
9) 64) text: AOKEE and ALEX lead him up to the grandstand. COWBOY also makes his way up there, and we see him talking to BIG MIK BIG MIKE nods in agreement and COWBOY goes to the mike as crowd settles down.
9) 68) text: We see KATIE clapping, crying.   AOKEE and ALEX are clapp and smiling.
10) 6) text: ALEX, ROBBIE, KATIE and AMY all say these lines pretty mu at the same time.
10) 8) dialog: That's a bad idea...
10) 18) text: EDDIE waves his hand for HER to scoot over so he can driv She is surprised, but does, almost reflexively. He gets i and he looks at ALEX, ROBBIE, KATIE and AMY grinning broa as he pulls away. ALEX, ROBBIE, KATIE and AMY just watch in stunned silence EDDIE and TIFFANY drive off.
10) 19) dialog: (collecting himself) Well. Just another summer at Water World.
10) 24) dialog: Yeah?
10) 27) dialog: Yep.