4) 299) dialog: ...so then he just disappeared.      I had to call my Dad to come pick me up.
4) 300) text: Page 29 of 81 KATIE just shakes her head in amazement. ROBBIE and ALEX walk up to them. AMY is out of earshot, loading a kid. ALEX hangs back a bit.
4) 303) dialog: (coming over) Aokee's huh?
4) 305) dialog: (to ROBBIE, seeing ALEX in the background) They're all down at Big Mike's last I saw. (to ALEX) When you gonna tell him?
4) 307) dialog: Katie, this is Alex and...
4) 309) dialog: Well, anyway, Big Mike's is where they are.
4) 312) dialog: What a couple of losers.
4) 314) dialog: Listen, you're new, so let me tell you how things are. First those guys were wearing blue shorts. That means
4) 317) dialog: Bottom feeders. Grounds kids. Babies. They clean the toilets and empty the trash. Most are only 14 years old. It's the only job younger kids can do here. Next up is concessions. They're our "middle class". We don't hang with them and they don't much hang with us. At the top of heap are the guards. You are a guard. Girl, if you want to go out with someone, stick with your own kind.
4) 373) dialog: Oooh. Umbrellas.       I've never gotten umbrellas before.
4) 375) text: AMY looks over to KATIE and rolls her eyes. ALEX arrives at this point, and decides to provide a distraction.
4) 377) dialog: (shaking her head) I don't think so.
4) 388) text: ALEX has distracted AMY all he could and they return from kitchen.
4) 389) dialog: Well. That was exciting. Maybe next time you can show me how to scrub the grill. Come on, Katie.
4) 470) text: ALEX picks up two Leis from a box behind the counter. He Robbie walk over to AMY and KATIE who are standing over n the buffet.
4) 477) text: The girls look at each other and smile. ALEX and ROBBIE g the smoothies and hand two to the girls. AMY sips hers ri away.
4) 478) dialog: I don't remember anything like this on Aokee's menu.
4) 483) text: Everyone applauds, AOKEE waves. Alex raises a hand and wa off the accolade. ROBBIE nods and smiles as the AMY and KATIE clap as well.
4) 488) text: AMY shrugs yes and goes out with ALEX.
4) 491) text: AOKEE begins singing the Hawaiian love song, "E O'Mai". couples are dancing; it is a slow song. ALEX, of course, is a goof. He dances slow, but every onc in a while executes a deep dip, much to AMY's terror. EDDIE is off to the edge of the dance floor, watching, longingly, and kind of swaying to the music. A couple of girls walk by and he does a magic trick for them. He holds both hands up, palms open to show he has nothing his hands. He also gestures that he has no sleeves (he is wearing a tuxedo t-shirt). He reaches behind his back and pulls out a trick bouquet of flowers, but they don't quit open right, and are still unfolding as he holds them. EDDIE smiles weakly, he knows that isn't quite how it was supposed to go. The girls appear encouraging, but as they leave look at each other and giggle. We pick up ROBBIE and KATIE dancing.
4) 503) text: They continue to dance. WE SEE BIG MIKE talking to TIFFAN and gesturing broadly. TIFFANY is clearly not agreeing wi what he is saying. COWBOY is nowhere to be seen. Suddenly throws up her hands and marches over to the dance floor w EDDIE is standing alone, swaying a bit to the music. She whispers something in his ear, and EDDIE'S eyes get r big as she leads him by the hand to the middle of the dan floor. She wraps her arms around EDDIE and they dance, al the while glaring at her father. EDDIE knows a good thing when he sees it, and quickly set in, Big Man on Campus. TIFFANY is taller than he is, so h happily puts his head on HER shoulder. BIG MIKE looks back at them, not happy with the way it happened, but satisfied. DOUG FITZGERALD (twenty bucks DOUG) is dancing with a gir when ALEX, doing some kind of fancy spin to AMY, bumps in him.
4) 510) text: ALEX grabs AMY and swings her into another fancy move tha leads them away from DOUG. Page 45 of 81 The song ends, and everybody claps.     AOKEE bows.
4) 527) text: He begins swishing it around, AMY is giggling.
4) 529) text: AMY is dodging and laughing. ALEX closes in and seems lik he will kiss her, but just starts gumming her neck, tickl her. AMY leans back laughing and WE SEE her back hits the volume knob on the amplifier.
4) 539) text: He turns down the volume back to normal. He also flips a switch. They hear the tune now, and AMY jumps off the counter, stands there and smiles. ALEX does an over-the-t mambo moving to her and they start to slow dance.
6) 14) text: ROBBIE jumps in and they drive away. ALEX, AMY and KATIE still standing on the porch of the TIME SHACK, shocked at what they've seen.
6) 16) dialog: (grossed out) Tiff?
10) 6) text: ALEX, ROBBIE, KATIE and AMY all say these lines pretty mu at the same time.
10) 10) dialog: You'd be miserable...
10) 18) text: EDDIE waves his hand for HER to scoot over so he can driv She is surprised, but does, almost reflexively. He gets i and he looks at ALEX, ROBBIE, KATIE and AMY grinning broa as he pulls away. ALEX, ROBBIE, KATIE and AMY just watch in stunned silence EDDIE and TIFFANY drive off.