4) 60) text: 9       EXT. MORNING - MOMENTS LATER - AOKEE'S SURF &amp; Aokee's is a restaurant near Thunder Bay. It seats about and is lavishly decorated in a Hawaiian Surf and Ocean mo with surf memorabilia, fish nets, surfboards, and the lik AOKEE is a large 375 pound plus apparently Hawaiian man, twenties, early thirties, wearing a purple Hawaiian shirt blue shorts and a white chef's apron that says KISS THE C WE SEE him on a pay phone behind the counter.
4) 61) dialog: (to person on the line) David...how you do this to me? I have full staff with you. I save your spot. I was counting on you. (listens, nods) Yes, yes....but The Gap? What you think you do there? Are there girls in swimming suits? Have you forgotten? (listens, shaking head) Tips. Do you get tips? Cash money? (listens some more)
4) 62) text: ALEX walks up.   AOKEE waves to him.   He is obviously up
4) 63) dialog: (resigned) Well, come see us this summer, eh? You're a good kid...a good worker.     Yeah, you too.
4) 64) text: AOKEE hangs up the phone.
4) 66) dialog: David. Seems to think there is future in retail. Now what I do? I'm one person short. Park opens tomorrow.
4) 67) text: AOKEE buries his head in his hands on the counter.
4) 70) dialog: (perking up) Good guy?
4) 72) text: AOKEE thinks for a moment. He glances up towards Surf's U It hits both he and ALEX at the same time...
4) 73) dialog: We need to get him before he get his plunger!
4) 77) dialog: (out of breath) Alex...... (wheeze) ..you got to go ahead... (wheeze) ...stall 'til I get there.
4) 79) text: ALEX takes off, and AOKEE runs again....
4) 110) text: AOKEE has finally made it now, but is, of course, out of breath again.
4) 112) text: AOKEE gestures he is fine, and does a combination of char and Hawaiian pantomime before he finally speaks.
4) 113) dialog: Colonel....terrible mistake...
4) 114) text: ALEX gets behind AOKEE, deciding he needs some help, feed him words.
4) 116) dialog: Bureaucratic bumble....
4) 118) dialog: Lost paperwork....
4) 120) dialog: Error in front office....
4) 122) dialog: Spiced...
4) 123) text: AOKEE stops, turn and glares at ALEX, who merely smiles a shrugs.
4) 125) text: ALEX comes around from behind AOKEE.
4) 138) dialog: (reassuring) I promise, we go straight to personnel, straighten the whole thing out. You won't need to worry.
4) 140) text: THE COLONEL goes back to the girl MELINDA he was about to nickname before the interruption, but is staring after AL AOKEE and ROBBIE as they walk off. He looks at MELINDA. H looks back at ALEX &amp; company. It hits him.
4) 168) text: ALEX, then everyone begins applauding. ROBBIE looks at AL quizzically, ALEX just shrugs. The meeting breaks up. 13        INT - MORNING - THE NEXT DAY - AOKEE'S SURF &am Everyone is hurrying around, getting ready for opening da ROBBIE, wearing his new blue Hawaiian shirt, is cutting pineapple. AOKEE is busy hovering over everyone, and cook chicken on the grill. ALEX walks in.
4) 170) dialog: (unhappy, stressed) Alex! You are late. Come on, is opening day!
4) 171) text: ROBBIE finishes the pineapple and hands the tray to AOKEE almost spilling it.
4) 172) dialog: (to ROBBIE and ALEX) You two start setting tables.
4) 173) text: ALEX takes a pile of silverware wrapped in napkins, and points to ROBBIE to grab a box of sugar packets to refill dispensers. ROBBIE grabs it quickly, enthusiastically, bu loses his grip and spills the packets on the floor. At that moment, AUDREY a girl in her teens who works at AOKEE'S and is stacking plastic cups on the counter, accidentally knocks a stack of cups to the ground. RAMON, a teenage boy who works there is behind the counte He bends over, disappearing, and we hear a crash of pots pans. His head peers up from below the counter sheepishly AOKEE turns from the grill looking at all this, and has a worried look, but smiles and shrugs weakly.
4) 174) dialog: (to ALEX, gesturing) Alex. Come here a minute.
4) 176) dialog: (with intensity) Alex, look. We falling apart. I made you assistant manager this year. Go assistant manage.
4) 190) text: Page 20 of 81 the right soundtrack. (to AOKEE) Maestro?
4) 191) text: AOKEE hits the play button on the CD player.
4) 193) text: The music starts and ALEX, now wearing SARAH's grass skir launches into his version of the electric slide, Hawaiian style. EVERYONE ELSE gets the beat and begins working to the mus AOKEE is using his spatulas as drum sticks on the overhan kitchen tools. RAMON has inverted an empty pot and is beating it conga-d style. ROBBIE has picked up the sugar packets and ALEX is dancin and quickly (almost casually) tossing silverware/napkin r to ROBBIE as ROBBIE catches them (at first with some difficulty) and puts them on the tables. SARAH has re-stacked the cups, and is juggling salt &amp; shakers, placing them on the tables. AUDREY chops onions the beat.
4) 195) text: AOKEE has now taken all the chicken off the grill and com out from behind the counter, dancing. The others form a CONGA LINE behind him.
4) 197) text: As they go by the tables they put on any missing items. T get into it more and more, AOKEE especially, swinging his huge, 375 pound guy hips.
4) 199) text: As the song ends (abruptly), AOKEE bumps a surfboard (par the restaurant's decoration) with his hip, knocking it an another one to the ground. Page 21 of 81 There is a loud crash and everyone pauses and looks at AO waiting to see if he gets mad. AOKEE looks down at his hip, and makes a puppy-dog face l "I didn't know my hips were that big...." Everyone claps, laughing. AOKEE takes a bow. 14        INT -LATER THAT DAY - AOKEE'S SURF &amp; SNACK ROBBIE and ALEX are carrying bus tubs loaded with dirty dishes back toward the kitchen from the dining area. AOKEE is sipping on a smoothie and leaning back on a coun There are only a few customers in the eating area. They set the tubs down on a counter that passes to the ba area. An unseen person takes them into the dishwashing ar
4) 200) dialog: (to ALEX and ROBBIE) You did good work today. Here. I made you some of my special Power Smoothies. More customers later wanting dinner before park closes. I can't have you falling asleep on me.
4) 201) dialog: (to ALEX) Alex, we are completely out of table stretchers and left-handed coffee pots. Take Robbie and go find some. I think some at the first-aid station near Surf's Up pool.
4) 352) text: They exit out the same doorway as AOKEE. Page 33 of 81
4) 354) dialog: (speaking Hawaiian) Stupid Pigeons. They should all die!
4) 357) dialog: Someday, Robbie.   Someday.
4) 365) dialog: (still cleaning) Someday.
4) 366) text: They go back into AOKEE'S SURF AND SNACK SHACK.
4) 410) text: ALEX just smiles. 32        INT - LATER THAT DAY - AOKEE'S SURF &amp; SNACK AOKEE is cleaning up behind the counter.    ALEX is grinn like the cat that ate the canary.
4) 411) dialog: What you so happy about?
4) 413) dialog: Listen. Some guy came in today and try to buy a sandwich and pay with a phone card. Today I believe anything.
4) 415) dialog: (looking around) What? He drown?
4) 417) dialog: Yeah.   So?
4) 419) dialog: Robbie. (laughing in disbelief, dismissive, then serious) Robbie barely walk without help.
4) 421) text: We hear a loud CRASH from the kitchen.      AOKEE winces gestures toward the kitchen.
4) 422) dialog: I don' believe it.      Our Robbie?
4) 424) dialog: (thinking) If this true....this could be da year.
4) 426) dialog: Well, go get him. We need to make ready. He not just walk in and win this thing.
4) 428) text: Page 38 of 81 ALEX goes into the back. AOKEE sits at a table. Robbie comes out of the kitchen wearing a dishwasher apron.
4) 429) dialog: Robbie, sit down. Alex, make up a Volcano. This boy in training.
4) 432) dialog: Robbie, Alex tell me you are some kind of surfer. This true?
4) 434) dialog: You know about Employee Olympics?
4) 436) dialog: Surfer King trophy. Very big.     Very nice. (looking down) Concessions never win.
4) 441) dialog: He very good. His family go to Hawaii every year, two, three weeks. Good surfer. If you do this, you need to see Pipeman.
4) 444) dialog: Oh, no. Pipeman very real. Works here in park. Low profile. You must find him and convince him to teach you the secrets of the Thunder Bay wave. This not the ocean, surf boy.
4) 446) dialog: I only see him once, maybe twice. Stay behind scenes. But here he is and find him you must. (to ROBBIE) So. You do this?
4) 450) text: AOKEE and ALEX are huddled around smiling.
4) 467) text: With that, ALEX punches in, as if to punctuate the line. 36        EXT - NIGHT -   OUTSIDE AOKEE'S SURF &amp; SNAC It is dark, but the place is lit up by little lights everywhere, Christmas lights in the fake palm trees, TIKI lights around AOKEE's, and lights lighting a stage where band is playing, what else, surf music. Buffet tables line the area, and there is SMOOTHIE BAR se up. BIG MIKE himself is behind the bar making smoothies, while RICHARD is playing bass in the band. AOKEE is runni around making sure all the buffet items are full. Everyon is wearing Leis, but the cheap plastic ones, except AOKEE his staff, who have real ones flown in from Hawaii.
4) 468) dialog: (pouring out four smoothies to ROBBIE and ALEX) OK. You work hard, and we fine now. Your time to party. Here they are. Special Love Smoothies. Be careful!
4) 483) text: Everyone applauds, AOKEE waves. Alex raises a hand and wa off the accolade. ROBBIE nods and smiles as the AMY and KATIE clap as well.
4) 485) text: Again, everyone claps and cheers him on.    AOKEE goes on stage.
4) 489) dialog: (onstage)
4) 491) text: AOKEE begins singing the Hawaiian love song, "E O'Mai". couples are dancing; it is a slow song. ALEX, of course, is a goof. He dances slow, but every onc in a while executes a deep dip, much to AMY's terror. EDDIE is off to the edge of the dance floor, watching, longingly, and kind of swaying to the music. A couple of girls walk by and he does a magic trick for them. He holds both hands up, palms open to show he has nothing his hands. He also gestures that he has no sleeves (he is wearing a tuxedo t-shirt). He reaches behind his back and pulls out a trick bouquet of flowers, but they don't quit open right, and are still unfolding as he holds them. EDDIE smiles weakly, he knows that isn't quite how it was supposed to go. The girls appear encouraging, but as they leave look at each other and giggle. We pick up ROBBIE and KATIE dancing.
4) 510) text: ALEX grabs AMY and swings her into another fancy move tha leads them away from DOUG. Page 45 of 81 The song ends, and everybody claps.     AOKEE bows.
4) 613) text: A wave comes and ROBBIE begins paddling.     He misses it Page 53 of 81 splashes the water angrily and turns back to paddle to position again. AOKEE and ALEX look at each other nervous
4) 621) text: ROBBIE paddles over to the spot suggested by PIPEMAN. AOK and ALEX are now sitting on the edge of the lawn chairs anxiously awaiting the next wave. It comes and ROBBIE catches it easily and begins riding it aggressively. He h a good run and kicks out at the end. AOKEE and ALEX high-five.
4) 622) dialog: (together) Yeee-haww.
5) 0) text: AOKEE is behind the counter finishing up making a smoothi RICHARD, head lifeguard is on the other side; he will get smoothie.
5) 2) dialog: (concerned, covering) Good? Good at what? Who you mean?
5) 5) dialog: Robbie?    Robbie barely walk without help.
5) 8) dialog: Ha!
5) 9) text: AOKEE gestures back towards the kitchen.
5) 10) dialog: Your Surfer King. We just make a good show. Your boy have nothing to worry about.
5) 12) dialog: (dismissive) Poker? Not an island game.     I no good.
5) 14) dialog: You want to bet with me? Take my twenty dollars, just like that? Humph. Not worth the trouble, twenty dollars. Now, maybe a hundred...
5) 17) dialog: (to kitchen) Robbie!
5) 20) dialog: (to kitchen)
5) 23) dialog: Robbie, our secret getting out.     You practice too good.
5) 25) dialog: Fall more.     Make good show.
5) 27) dialog: (pours the rest of RICHARD's smoothie) Good. Here, have a smoothie. You too skinny to surf good.
6) 0) text: AOKEE is wiping the counter alone.    HE turns toward the kitchen...
6) 1) dialog: Alex! We need more large smoothie cups out here!
6) 2) text: AOKEE continues cleaning up. ALEX shows up with a load of cups, AOKEE takes them and starts placing then.
6) 3) dialog: (to ALEX) Look at that.
6) 4) text: WE SEE in a far corner of AOKEE's TIFFANY and ROBBIE in a Page 59 of 81 animated, engaging conversation.
6) 5) dialog: Second time this week. Our boy Big Man on Campus, huh?
6) 7) dialog: Well. We all grow up sometime. He not drop a tray of dishes in days. Something going right.   You think he ready?
7) 0) text: We see the rising sun behind AOKEE's head as he raises a conch shell and blows it like a horn. He is dressed like Hawaiian prince. As the shot widens it reveals six males and two females dressed in Hawaiian native garb. ROBBIE And ALEX are amon several drummers with bamboos sticks in their hands that provide percussion for the Hawaiian war dance.
7) 1) dialog: Aie, noka moka kei kai ke alo.
7) 51) dialog: (looking through the papers) This isn't good. (looking at ALEX and ROBBIE) It's the same as every year. Pretty much a dead heat going into the surf championship tomorrow morning.
7) 55) dialog: (to ROBBIE) It's going to be up to you. We slip a little. You have to make up. That trophy need a new home.
7) 57) dialog: You need to make up. You ready? Tomorrow morning last event. You our last hope.
7) 58) text: ROBBIE just looks at both of them nods and sighs heavily the other grounds kids surround our winner in the backgro AOKEE and ALEX walk off. Suddenly TIFFANY appears.
7) 70) text: She walks away. ROBBIE stands there a moment before wakin up and leaving also. 66        INT. EVENING - AOKEE'S SURF &amp; SNACK SHACK It is dark. We see ALEX and AOKEE cleaning up from the da food service. ALEX Is wiping down the smoothie area, AOKE is sweeping on the other side of the counter.
7) 72) dialog: (shaking his head no) Robbie know the right thing to do.     He's a good boy.
7) 74) dialog: He say that?
7) 77) dialog: (reflective) Spending the night at your house.      This very bad. Very bad.
7) 78) dialog: He should be done with the dishes by now. Tell him we want to talk.
7) 79) text: ALEX disappears back into the kitchen. AOKEE goes to an empty table under the one light on in the dining area and sits down. ALEX comes back and ROBBIE follows.
7) 81) dialog: Robbie, please, sit.
7) 84) dialog: That's what we gonna ask you.    What you plan tonight?
7) 86) dialog: Robbie, you athlete. Big day tomorrow. You need sleep, not party.
7) 88) dialog: Is big deal. Robbie. You good boy, smart, everybody like you, but....
7) 90) dialog: Face it. Only one reason Tiffany interested in you. She want to make you so tired and so crazy you lose tomorrow.
7) 97) dialog: In this case, she acts like she likes you when really she wants Cowboy to win.
7) 102) dialog: (shaking his head) Go ahead. Tell him. I trust him.
7) 106) text: AOKEE'S head is down in his hands. Robbie looks stunned.
7) 108) dialog: (accent gone) My father refused to work for a drug lord who ran our town. They tried to kill
7) 111) dialog: (accent now Mexican) A name I picked up reading an obituary in the paper. I sent away to Hawaii and got his birth records and social security number. This way, I never have to worry about immigration. I spent weeks watching tapes of Hawaii Five-O just to get the accent right. "Book 'em Danno". Huh. What's that all about?
7) 114) dialog: I burnt my hand on the grill one day and started swearing in Spanish...
7) 118) dialog: Sleep tonight. Sleep well.
7) 120) text: ROBBIE leaves.     ALEX and AOKEE just sit, looking at ea other.
8) 0) text: Hundreds of people are gathering on bleachers to watch th surfing competition. A large highway construction type signboard has been erec and says "Grounds   93", "Concessions 93" and "Lifeguards 94". It is almost a festival atmosphere.     The JUDGES are st Page 72 of 81 in a group, conferring, near a table that has the control for the sign. The sign can be viewed easily from the bleachers. WE look over to the front of AOKEE's and see AOKEE and AL standing outside the restaurant.
9) 2) dialog: (to Alex) Have you seen him?
9) 6) dialog: We looking for you.        How you sleep?
9) 8) dialog: (relieved) We go then.
9) 17) text: MELINDA grabs her board and begins paddling out. The wave comes and it's all she can do to stay on her board. She struggles and falls at the end. She will clearly not be a factor. The big screen shows a 0 in a column after the grounds score. We look back to the bleachers to polite applause, but the COLONEL and the grounds kids are clearly disappointed. COWBOY is out there now, the wave comes and he catches it easily. He rides the wave gracefully and well, and kicks at the end. The big screen shows an 8 in the lifeguard ro The lifeguards and RICHARD are cheering now. ROBBIE is next. He catches the wave and rides it more aggressively than COWBOY, but nearly falls at the end of run. The big screen shows an 8. The concessions kids and AOKEE are very enthusiastic. They can see they have a cha with ROBBIE. PIPEMAN is watching from a far corner. MELINDA begins her second run. She is a little more confident this time, but still seems barely able to stand ride the wave. More polite applause, and the big screen shows a 5. COWBOY catches his wave, and tries to imitate ROBBIE'S mo aggressive style, but falls midway through the run. We he a large gasp from the crowd as this happens. The crowd applauds politely, and the guards are supportiv but disappointed. We see the JUDGES confer and the big sc shows a 0. ROBBIE gets his wave, and surfs it aggressively again, th time not nearly falling at all. The JUDGES nod approvingl and confer. The big screen shows a 9. The crowd goes wild especially the concessions kids. Melinda begins her final run. She does better than the pa two, but not significantly. The JUDGES confer and the scr shows a 5. The ground kids are very disappointed, they kn they are out of it now. THE COLONEL shakes MELINDA'S hand and thanks her for her efforts. Page 74 of 81 COWBOY gets his wave, and has clearly decided to go back his original style; he rides the wave gracefully, but tak no chances. He kicks out at the end with a wave and a smile. The guar applaud, hoping to make it seem better than it was, and t JUDGES confer and the screen shows an 8. ROBBIE snags his wave and rides it aggressively again, bu loses his balance momentarily. It costs him; the JUDGES confer and the screen shows a 7. The concessions kids applaud, and the point totals show "Grounds   98", "Concessions 102" and "Lifeguards 102". EVERYONE is confused, there has never been a tie before. JUDGES Are flipping through papers, and BIG MIKE steps up the microphone.
9) 25) text: 70        EXT -MOMENTS LATER - AOKEE'S SURF &amp; SNACK S Page 75 of 81 ROBBIE, ALEX, AOKEE and PIPEMAN have gathered in front of AOKEE's to strategize.
9) 26) dialog: So what you do?   Wait for him to go crazy and fall?
9) 31) dialog: Pull da fin?
9) 42) dialog: So, help me understand.      What you do now?
9) 47) dialog: (quickly, eagerly) It would be better if you won.
9) 55) text: He hands Robbie the board. ALEX heads back to the bleache area, PIPEMAN goes to the pumphouse in back of Thunder Ba AOKEE hangs back with ROBBIE and speaks to him alone.
9) 56) dialog: (dropping his Hawaiian accent) Robbie. When you do this, do this mostly for Robbie Zirpollo. But do it just a little bit for Manny Ramirez, eh?
9) 57) text: AOKEE smiles and pats him on the back.    Robbie nods. head for the bay.
9) 62) text: ROBBIE appears on the seawall holding his board and looki out first at the bay, then at the crowd. His mom, CONNIE waves, and he smiles weakly. HE sees KATIE and she looks hopeful. She hasn't given up him completely. He smiles at her and gets into the water. He begins paddling. It seems to take forever for him to g out to the spot where he catches the wave, but he finally arrives. He sits there for a moment, collecting himself, then rais his hand to signal he is ready. The CONCESSIONS KIDS have started to chant, ROBBIE! ROBBI The guards are anxious, but even they can't help moving t the cadence of the chant. The wave comes and he catches it quickly, and slips his f into the duct tape pockets. He misses one pocket at first then gets it in. He rides it carefully and at the right moment slides up t Page 78 of 81 the top and executes a full 360 degree turn out of the wa On landing back on the downside of the wave, he slides do it quickly, and then turns around with a deep cut and hea straight into the wave. At the top he bounces and does a complete back flip in slow motion. We see the crowd also in slow motion. AOKEE Is covering h eyes, he can't watch. ALEX's face is contorted with disbelief. Various faces in the crowd are in open-mouthed disbelief. THE JUDGES are staring intently, focussed so a not to miss anything. ROBBIE lands the flip, and rides the rest of the wave. waves to the crowd, and kicks off, exhausted. The place goes nuts. No one here has ever seen anything l this before. AOKEE and ALEX run into the water and help h out. People are still cheering. COWBOY knows he's in trouble. THE JUDGES confer only momentarily and the score 10 appea and the word concessions starts flashing along with the w winner. COWBOY nods in agreement. TIFFANY says something to him, and he appears angry. only hear part of his response, something like:
9) 64) text: AOKEE and ALEX lead him up to the grandstand. COWBOY also makes his way up there, and we see him talking to BIG MIK BIG MIKE nods in agreement and COWBOY goes to the mike as crowd settles down.
9) 68) text: We see KATIE clapping, crying.   AOKEE and ALEX are clapp and smiling.