2) 0) text: BIG MIKE is standing under the Fun House structure with a clipboard. He is talking to RICHARD. After talking to BIG MIKE, RICHARD shakes his head affirmatively and walks off. He glances up to the two gua above, and grins. BIG MIKE is looking at his clipboard. W see quickly the large water tank above is spilling water bit, indicating it is full. The water tank spills over BIG MIKE drenching him. He sta there still, angry for a moment, then thinks better of it shaking his head and smiling, takes his pen and checks OK his wet clipboard for the fun house water tank.
3) 0) text: Two guards are looking down at BIG MIKE below. One guard begins motioning as if guiding a crane into place. The ot guard has his hand poised on a large switch lever. GUARD ONE is gesturing more emphatically now, closing his hands to indicate "almost there". He closes his hands, an GUARD TWO pulls the lever. Page 3 of 81
4) 145) dialog: (motioning to get everyone to settle down) Okay, everybody, let's quiet down for a minute. (they do, and he looks down at his clipboard) For those who don't know me, my name is Michael Maxwell, and I...sort of run things around here.
4) 148) text: BIG MIKE smiles, this has happened before, probably a tradition.
4) 149) dialog: (again motioning to settle down) Okay, yeah thanks. Now, I want go over a few basic things. First of all, make sure you've all filled out your paperwork with personnel, cause nobody gets paid unless they do. Come to think of it, I suppose it's better for me that you don't fill out your paperwork, then I don't have to pay you. I'll make it optional. If you want to get paid, fill out your paperwork. (looking at clipboard) Let's remember, the people who come here are our guests, and your job is to see they have a safe and fun experience here. Let's work together to keep the park clean and safe, and we'll have a great summer together. Now with a few words is our head lifeguard, Richard Thompson.
4) 291) text: ALEX and ROBBIE walk away as EDDIE places a "RESTROOM CLO sandwich board in front of the door. Just then BIG MIKE rushes up.
4) 292) dialog: (big hurry-potty emergency) Oh Eddie. Listen, I know you're working but you hold on for just a minute. I've been so busy, and I really gotta go.
4) 295) text: But BIG MIKE is already in. Eddies waits for it, wincing, and there is a loud splash...
4) 296) dialog: (echoing through the door) Yeahhhah that's cold!
4) 324) text: ROBBIE and ALEX proceed to BIG MIKE's out of frame. SUDDENLY in the background we see a tube splashdown from slide and the 7 year-old girl riding in it falls out. Realizing she is no longer safely in a tube she screams a begins splashing as if drowning. A guard nearby blows a single tweet of her whistle. IN SLOW MOTION we see four other guards throughout the ar turn and react to the whistle. They begin running, BAYWAT style towards the scene. Page 31 of 81 Two guards are running and carrying a backboard. They converge in another BAYWATCH style slow-mo shot and line along the edge of the splashdown pool. One guard in the middle has a rescue tube, and, still in motion, squats down slowly as if to jump in and rescue th girl. At the low end of the jump crouch, however he stops. his face in close-up as he says.
4) 452) dialog: (angry) ....why you wouldn't believe the things I've heard. Just stupid things. Cutting in line. Demanding special treatment. Oh, and how about this one: (mimicking her) Princesses don't carry trash. (back to his voice) I've often thought it was a mistake to have you work here. Maybe I was right.
4) 455) dialog: I'd almost believe that. But I was behind the First Aid station when you said the "princess" line. This park exists because the kids here work hard. They need to be treated fairly. They need to see you are just another lifeguard.
4) 457) dialog: (mad again) You won't even be that if this continues. If you want to keep coming here every day and driving that little convertible of yours, I need to see real, concrete changes in your attitude.
4) 459) dialog: For one thing, start mingling with "the commoners". You'd be amazed at how nice some of the people who work here are. Make some friends outside that little group of yours. It's the work of the average teenager here that puts food on our table. Show some gratitude.
4) 461) dialog: (softening, but firm) Good. Work on it. Please?
4) 467) text: With that, ALEX punches in, as if to punctuate the line. 36        EXT - NIGHT -   OUTSIDE AOKEE'S SURF &amp; SNAC It is dark, but the place is lit up by little lights everywhere, Christmas lights in the fake palm trees, TIKI lights around AOKEE's, and lights lighting a stage where band is playing, what else, surf music. Buffet tables line the area, and there is SMOOTHIE BAR se up. BIG MIKE himself is behind the bar making smoothies, while RICHARD is playing bass in the band. AOKEE is runni around making sure all the buffet items are full. Everyon is wearing Leis, but the cheap plastic ones, except AOKEE his staff, who have real ones flown in from Hawaii.
4) 503) text: They continue to dance. WE SEE BIG MIKE talking to TIFFAN and gesturing broadly. TIFFANY is clearly not agreeing wi what he is saying. COWBOY is nowhere to be seen. Suddenly throws up her hands and marches over to the dance floor w EDDIE is standing alone, swaying a bit to the music. She whispers something in his ear, and EDDIE'S eyes get r big as she leads him by the hand to the middle of the dan floor. She wraps her arms around EDDIE and they dance, al the while glaring at her father. EDDIE knows a good thing when he sees it, and quickly set in, Big Man on Campus. TIFFANY is taller than he is, so h happily puts his head on HER shoulder. BIG MIKE looks back at them, not happy with the way it happened, but satisfied. DOUG FITZGERALD (twenty bucks DOUG) is dancing with a gir when ALEX, doing some kind of fancy spin to AMY, bumps in him.
7) 44) text: The seated crowd now stands and cheers loudly. We see a group of three people, two male and one female, adults we will later identify as JUDGES. They nod approvingly and write something down on their clipboards. We see BIG MIKE near them, smiling broadly.
9) 17) text: MELINDA grabs her board and begins paddling out. The wave comes and it's all she can do to stay on her board. She struggles and falls at the end. She will clearly not be a factor. The big screen shows a 0 in a column after the grounds score. We look back to the bleachers to polite applause, but the COLONEL and the grounds kids are clearly disappointed. COWBOY is out there now, the wave comes and he catches it easily. He rides the wave gracefully and well, and kicks at the end. The big screen shows an 8 in the lifeguard ro The lifeguards and RICHARD are cheering now. ROBBIE is next. He catches the wave and rides it more aggressively than COWBOY, but nearly falls at the end of run. The big screen shows an 8. The concessions kids and AOKEE are very enthusiastic. They can see they have a cha with ROBBIE. PIPEMAN is watching from a far corner. MELINDA begins her second run. She is a little more confident this time, but still seems barely able to stand ride the wave. More polite applause, and the big screen shows a 5. COWBOY catches his wave, and tries to imitate ROBBIE'S mo aggressive style, but falls midway through the run. We he a large gasp from the crowd as this happens. The crowd applauds politely, and the guards are supportiv but disappointed. We see the JUDGES confer and the big sc shows a 0. ROBBIE gets his wave, and surfs it aggressively again, th time not nearly falling at all. The JUDGES nod approvingl and confer. The big screen shows a 9. The crowd goes wild especially the concessions kids. Melinda begins her final run. She does better than the pa two, but not significantly. The JUDGES confer and the scr shows a 5. The ground kids are very disappointed, they kn they are out of it now. THE COLONEL shakes MELINDA'S hand and thanks her for her efforts. Page 74 of 81 COWBOY gets his wave, and has clearly decided to go back his original style; he rides the wave gracefully, but tak no chances. He kicks out at the end with a wave and a smile. The guar applaud, hoping to make it seem better than it was, and t JUDGES confer and the screen shows an 8. ROBBIE snags his wave and rides it aggressively again, bu loses his balance momentarily. It costs him; the JUDGES confer and the screen shows a 7. The concessions kids applaud, and the point totals show "Grounds   98", "Concessions 102" and "Lifeguards 102". EVERYONE is confused, there has never been a tie before. JUDGES Are flipping through papers, and BIG MIKE steps up the microphone.
9) 18) dialog: (clearing his throat, flustered) It looks like we have a tie. This has never happened before, but I seem to remember we provided for this possibility in the rules. Hopefully our judges can help us figure out what to do!
9) 64) text: AOKEE and ALEX lead him up to the grandstand. COWBOY also makes his way up there, and we see him talking to BIG MIK BIG MIKE nods in agreement and COWBOY goes to the mike as crowd settles down.