3) 3) dialog: Look, I know you're not happy about this. But it wasn't my idea for your father to have some kind of mid-life crisis and disappear with his secretary to Mexico with our life savings.
3) 5) dialog: Fine. Administrative Assistant. We couldn't afford to sit around waiting any longer to see if he was coming back. I was able to land a good job here. And now thanks to Uncle Bernie you have this job at the Water Park...
3) 7) dialog: Bernie says you help keep the park clean, sweep up, that sort of thing. I'm sure it won't be so bad. Besides, a lot of the kids who work at this park go to the same high school you'll be going to. You can start the school year with some ready-made friends.
3) 10) dialog: Hanging out at the beach surfing with your friends is not my idea of something
3) 13) dialog: Administrative Assistant.
3) 16) dialog: Promise me you'll give it a try....please?
9) 62) text: ROBBIE appears on the seawall holding his board and looki out first at the bay, then at the crowd. His mom, CONNIE waves, and he smiles weakly. HE sees KATIE and she looks hopeful. She hasn't given up him completely. He smiles at her and gets into the water. He begins paddling. It seems to take forever for him to g out to the spot where he catches the wave, but he finally arrives. He sits there for a moment, collecting himself, then rais his hand to signal he is ready. The CONCESSIONS KIDS have started to chant, ROBBIE! ROBBI The guards are anxious, but even they can't help moving t the cadence of the chant. The wave comes and he catches it quickly, and slips his f into the duct tape pockets. He misses one pocket at first then gets it in. He rides it carefully and at the right moment slides up t Page 78 of 81 the top and executes a full 360 degree turn out of the wa On landing back on the downside of the wave, he slides do it quickly, and then turns around with a deep cut and hea straight into the wave. At the top he bounces and does a complete back flip in slow motion. We see the crowd also in slow motion. AOKEE Is covering h eyes, he can't watch. ALEX's face is contorted with disbelief. Various faces in the crowd are in open-mouthed disbelief. THE JUDGES are staring intently, focussed so a not to miss anything. ROBBIE lands the flip, and rides the rest of the wave. waves to the crowd, and kicks off, exhausted. The place goes nuts. No one here has ever seen anything l this before. AOKEE and ALEX run into the water and help h out. People are still cheering. COWBOY knows he's in trouble. THE JUDGES confer only momentarily and the score 10 appea and the word concessions starts flashing along with the w winner. COWBOY nods in agreement. TIFFANY says something to him, and he appears angry. only hear part of his response, something like: