4) 503) text: They continue to dance. WE SEE BIG MIKE talking to TIFFAN and gesturing broadly. TIFFANY is clearly not agreeing wi what he is saying. COWBOY is nowhere to be seen. Suddenly throws up her hands and marches over to the dance floor w EDDIE is standing alone, swaying a bit to the music. She whispers something in his ear, and EDDIE'S eyes get r big as she leads him by the hand to the middle of the dan floor. She wraps her arms around EDDIE and they dance, al the while glaring at her father. EDDIE knows a good thing when he sees it, and quickly set in, Big Man on Campus. TIFFANY is taller than he is, so h happily puts his head on HER shoulder. BIG MIKE looks back at them, not happy with the way it happened, but satisfied. DOUG FITZGERALD (twenty bucks DOUG) is dancing with a gir when ALEX, doing some kind of fancy spin to AMY, bumps in him.
5) 39) dialog: He's pretty good, I'll give him that.
5) 41) dialog: If I have an off day, he could win.
5) 43) dialog: Well, some days you get the wave, and some days the wave gets you.
5) 45) dialog: I don't know what you're going to do, but as me for me, I'm gonna schedule some practice time of my own.
5) 47) dialog: Well, I don't know what else you expect. I'll go out and do my best. If that's not enough, it's not enough.
7) 40) text: They clap and cheer, and settle back down to sit. All is quiet now. WE SEE concessions kids sitting, ground kids sitting and we look to the west side of the pool and lifeguards sitting. Everyone is looking around. Suddenly two lifeguards dressed as Roman Soldiers appear horns. They bellow a Roman Call to Action, and two Roman drummers lead a column of other lifeguards. Page 63 of 81 First we see female guards dressed in togas filing in. Be them are six gladiators with swords and shields, marching They are followed by one female lifeguard with a basket o rose petals. She is throwing them into the path of the ne group to enter. Next we see six more guards dressed as slaves carrying COWBOY, who is sitting up on a First Aid backboard. HE is wearing laurel leaves and a toga, he is obviously Cesar. the backboard is also the surfer king trophy. They all approach the area in front of the seated guards, rearrange themselves so that COWBOY has a good view of th gladiators. The drummers count a cadence that sets the pa for a simulated battle between the gladiators. The simulated battle rages until three of the gladiators on their knees before the three victorious gladiators. Th victorious gladiators hold their swords over the fallen o and look to COWBOY for a yea or nay. COWBOY generously waves and makes a thumbs up signal, and swords are put away. The seated lifeguards all raise thei fists and shout.
7) 42) text: The guards holding COWBOY set him down in front of an elevated platform that has a microphone.. COWBOY picks up the surfer king trophy and walks to the platform. He sets the trophy on a table next to the microphone, arranging it carefully. We see now there is a large banner hanging at the back of wave pool that says "WATER WORLD WELCOMES EMPLOYEE OLYMPIANS". COWBOY moves to the microphone and raises his arm in a re manner and speaks.
7) 43) dialog: (to all) Let the games...begin!
9) 17) text: MELINDA grabs her board and begins paddling out. The wave comes and it's all she can do to stay on her board. She struggles and falls at the end. She will clearly not be a factor. The big screen shows a 0 in a column after the grounds score. We look back to the bleachers to polite applause, but the COLONEL and the grounds kids are clearly disappointed. COWBOY is out there now, the wave comes and he catches it easily. He rides the wave gracefully and well, and kicks at the end. The big screen shows an 8 in the lifeguard ro The lifeguards and RICHARD are cheering now. ROBBIE is next. He catches the wave and rides it more aggressively than COWBOY, but nearly falls at the end of run. The big screen shows an 8. The concessions kids and AOKEE are very enthusiastic. They can see they have a cha with ROBBIE. PIPEMAN is watching from a far corner. MELINDA begins her second run. She is a little more confident this time, but still seems barely able to stand ride the wave. More polite applause, and the big screen shows a 5. COWBOY catches his wave, and tries to imitate ROBBIE'S mo aggressive style, but falls midway through the run. We he a large gasp from the crowd as this happens. The crowd applauds politely, and the guards are supportiv but disappointed. We see the JUDGES confer and the big sc shows a 0. ROBBIE gets his wave, and surfs it aggressively again, th time not nearly falling at all. The JUDGES nod approvingl and confer. The big screen shows a 9. The crowd goes wild especially the concessions kids. Melinda begins her final run. She does better than the pa two, but not significantly. The JUDGES confer and the scr shows a 5. The ground kids are very disappointed, they kn they are out of it now. THE COLONEL shakes MELINDA'S hand and thanks her for her efforts. Page 74 of 81 COWBOY gets his wave, and has clearly decided to go back his original style; he rides the wave gracefully, but tak no chances. He kicks out at the end with a wave and a smile. The guar applaud, hoping to make it seem better than it was, and t JUDGES confer and the screen shows an 8. ROBBIE snags his wave and rides it aggressively again, bu loses his balance momentarily. It costs him; the JUDGES confer and the screen shows a 7. The concessions kids applaud, and the point totals show "Grounds   98", "Concessions 102" and "Lifeguards 102". EVERYONE is confused, there has never been a tie before. JUDGES Are flipping through papers, and BIG MIKE steps up the microphone.
9) 21) text: Everybody cheers...they're going to see some more great surfing. The JUDGES signal COWBOY and ROBBIE to come over. The hea JUDGE takes a quarter out of his pocket and points to COW to call it. It lands and the JUDGE looks at it. HE points to ROBBIE.
9) 62) text: ROBBIE appears on the seawall holding his board and looki out first at the bay, then at the crowd. His mom, CONNIE waves, and he smiles weakly. HE sees KATIE and she looks hopeful. She hasn't given up him completely. He smiles at her and gets into the water. He begins paddling. It seems to take forever for him to g out to the spot where he catches the wave, but he finally arrives. He sits there for a moment, collecting himself, then rais his hand to signal he is ready. The CONCESSIONS KIDS have started to chant, ROBBIE! ROBBI The guards are anxious, but even they can't help moving t the cadence of the chant. The wave comes and he catches it quickly, and slips his f into the duct tape pockets. He misses one pocket at first then gets it in. He rides it carefully and at the right moment slides up t Page 78 of 81 the top and executes a full 360 degree turn out of the wa On landing back on the downside of the wave, he slides do it quickly, and then turns around with a deep cut and hea straight into the wave. At the top he bounces and does a complete back flip in slow motion. We see the crowd also in slow motion. AOKEE Is covering h eyes, he can't watch. ALEX's face is contorted with disbelief. Various faces in the crowd are in open-mouthed disbelief. THE JUDGES are staring intently, focussed so a not to miss anything. ROBBIE lands the flip, and rides the rest of the wave. waves to the crowd, and kicks off, exhausted. The place goes nuts. No one here has ever seen anything l this before. AOKEE and ALEX run into the water and help h out. People are still cheering. COWBOY knows he's in trouble. THE JUDGES confer only momentarily and the score 10 appea and the word concessions starts flashing along with the w winner. COWBOY nods in agreement. TIFFANY says something to him, and he appears angry. only hear part of his response, something like:
9) 63) dialog: (disbelief) You did WHAT?
9) 64) text: AOKEE and ALEX lead him up to the grandstand. COWBOY also makes his way up there, and we see him talking to BIG MIK BIG MIKE nods in agreement and COWBOY goes to the mike as crowd settles down.
9) 65) dialog: As last year's Surfer King, it's my privilege to present this year's trophy to the most amazing surfer on the water today. Robbie! Congratulations.
9) 66) text: COWBOY shakes ROBBIE's hand, and ROBBIE speaks at the mik