0) 0) text: JAFFA, a Jamaican looking fellow in his early 20's, arriv at Water World, carrying a dusty cardboard box. There are a few workers milling about, setting up the par for opening. He passes EDDIE, a 25-something grounds work with Down's Syndrome.
0) 2) dialog: (smiling, nodding) Jaffa.
4) 84) text: EDDIE smiles knowingly. This has been his grounds crew nickname for the last 8 years, mostly because he would ne answer to anything else, and THE COLONEL gave up trying.
4) 86) text: EDDIE is beaming with pride now. THE COLONEL pulls a bran new toilet plunger from the cart nearby and hands it to EDDIE. EDDIE shoulders it as if it were a rifle. THE COLONEL walks down the line.
4) 91) text: THE COLONEL steps over the cart and gets another new plun and hands it to SKEETER who follows EDDIE's lead. Next in line is a short, chubby lad, SNITCH. As THE COLON approaches him, a quick sound of passing gas is heard. THE COLONEL is startled, and SNITCH makes a quick finger motion indicating the culprit is SKEETER, next to him.
4) 287) dialog: Water balloon.
4) 288) text: EDDIE reached onto his cart and pulls out a pair of sciss eyeing them.
4) 290) dialog: Yeah.   Rookies!
4) 291) text: ALEX and ROBBIE walk away as EDDIE places a "RESTROOM CLO sandwich board in front of the door. Just then BIG MIKE rushes up.
4) 293) text: EDDIE motions and tries to find the words....
4) 294) dialog: But....no....
4) 295) text: But BIG MIKE is already in. Eddies waits for it, wincing, and there is a loud splash...
4) 297) text: EDDIE just shrugs and puts away his scissors.
4) 491) text: AOKEE begins singing the Hawaiian love song, "E O'Mai". couples are dancing; it is a slow song. ALEX, of course, is a goof. He dances slow, but every onc in a while executes a deep dip, much to AMY's terror. EDDIE is off to the edge of the dance floor, watching, longingly, and kind of swaying to the music. A couple of girls walk by and he does a magic trick for them. He holds both hands up, palms open to show he has nothing his hands. He also gestures that he has no sleeves (he is wearing a tuxedo t-shirt). He reaches behind his back and pulls out a trick bouquet of flowers, but they don't quit open right, and are still unfolding as he holds them. EDDIE smiles weakly, he knows that isn't quite how it was supposed to go. The girls appear encouraging, but as they leave look at each other and giggle. We pick up ROBBIE and KATIE dancing.
4) 503) text: They continue to dance. WE SEE BIG MIKE talking to TIFFAN and gesturing broadly. TIFFANY is clearly not agreeing wi what he is saying. COWBOY is nowhere to be seen. Suddenly throws up her hands and marches over to the dance floor w EDDIE is standing alone, swaying a bit to the music. She whispers something in his ear, and EDDIE'S eyes get r big as she leads him by the hand to the middle of the dan floor. She wraps her arms around EDDIE and they dance, al the while glaring at her father. EDDIE knows a good thing when he sees it, and quickly set in, Big Man on Campus. TIFFANY is taller than he is, so h happily puts his head on HER shoulder. BIG MIKE looks back at them, not happy with the way it happened, but satisfied. DOUG FITZGERALD (twenty bucks DOUG) is dancing with a gir when ALEX, doing some kind of fancy spin to AMY, bumps in him.
10) 12) text: EDDIE appears out of the time shack wearing his tuxedo t shirt. Page 80 of 81
10) 13) dialog: (almost singing) Tiffany!
10) 16) text: EDDIE shows there is nothing in his hands, then reaches i the car and from behind TIFFANY's ear pulls a plastic Eas Egg out. He hands it to her, and she opens it. A beautifu butterfly flies out and away. She is momentarily entrance
10) 18) text: EDDIE waves his hand for HER to scoot over so he can driv She is surprised, but does, almost reflexively. He gets i and he looks at ALEX, ROBBIE, KATIE and AMY grinning broa as he pulls away. ALEX, ROBBIE, KATIE and AMY just watch in stunned silence EDDIE and TIFFANY drive off.