0) 0) text: JAFFA, a Jamaican looking fellow in his early 20's, arriv at Water World, carrying a dusty cardboard box. There are a few workers milling about, setting up the par for opening. He passes EDDIE, a 25-something grounds work with Down's Syndrome.
0) 1) dialog: Eddie!
0) 3) text: They do a hand slap maneuver that they have obviously wor out some time in the past. JAFFA proceeds up to the Custo Relations Kiosk, plops the box on the counter, and enters kiosk. We see him open the box, it is full of CD's. He pulls winter covers off of an overhead area to reveal player and amplifiers. He starts pushing buttons he's pus a thousand times, and lights come on. He pulls down a microphone, and clicks a button to see if it works. He reaches into the box of CDs and pulls one out. We see is Sheryl Crow. He gets the CD, examines it, and pops it into the CD player. He once again picks the microphone and flips the switch a pushes the "play" button on the CD player. His voice echoes through the park.         "Soak up the S playing.
0) 4) dialog: (smiling) Ladies and Gentlemen, Water World will be open in (checking his watch) twenty-six hours and forty-three minutes.
4) 264) dialog: (calling out) Alex!
4) 267) dialog: Jus' the same old this's and that's, mon.
4) 269) text: The PHONE RINGS, and Jaffa turns to answer.
4) 270) dialog: (into phone) What? No way. (hangs up phone, to ALEX &amp; ROBBIE) Check it out...
4) 271) text: JAFFA smiles and picks up a radio.
4) 272) dialog: (into radio) Attention Lost River guards. We have a report that some huge fat bald guy has abandoned his swimsuit and is slidin' down Lost River with nothin' on but a smile. Be watchin' for a great white whale now.
4) 275) dialog: (on PA system now, into mike) Attention please. Will Mr. John Big Bootay report to Lost River Splashdown. John Big-Bootay to Lost River Splashdown.
4) 279) dialog: (dropping the accent a bit) I'll let you in on a little secret. Perception is everything...now, Jamal from Aurora, he's probably over with those guys...
4) 281) dialog: (back to the accent) ...cleaning the rest rooms. But Jaffa from Jamaica, he's in customer service, wearin' the nice shirt and playing the music. Perception and atmosphere. You get it?
4) 481) text: Onstage, the band had finished a tune before the dialog b above. Now JAFFA steps up to the mike.
4) 482) dialog: We'd like thank Aokee and his crew for hosting this evening's Luau.
4) 484) dialog: We'd also like to bring Aokee up to sing one of his Hawaiian specialties.
5) 50) dialog: Page 57 of 81 Hey, surfer boy! I got fifty bucks at three to one! Don't let me down, mon.
10) 0) text: Grounds kids are stacking chairs in preparation for final closing. Tarps are being thrown over everything and tied down. Awnings are being taken down.     Chairs and tables are b moved. We see JAFFA packing up his CD's into that cardboard box. also snaps the winter covers for the sound equipment into place.