4) 300) text: Page 29 of 81 KATIE just shakes her head in amazement. ROBBIE and ALEX walk up to them. AMY is out of earshot, loading a kid. ALEX hangs back a bit.
4) 302) dialog: What? Amy, this guy is looking for a table stretcher?
4) 313) dialog: I don't know...I thought Robbie was kind of cute...
4) 316) dialog: Trash rats?
4) 318) dialog: (looking off at ROBBIE and ALEX walking away) Aw, that's just silly. I think he's cute.
4) 368) dialog: (to ROBBIE) Hi there.
4) 370) dialog: Yeah.   Two Blue Crushes please.
4) 375) text: AMY looks over to KATIE and rolls her eyes. ALEX arrives at this point, and decides to provide a distraction.
4) 380) dialog: (to ROBBIE) So... you're not from around here, huh?
4) 382) dialog: I'll bet California's nice.      I've never been west of the mountains.
4) 385) dialog: No. (pause) I'm surprised you're not a guard, coming from the ocean and all.
4) 387) dialog: (frowns) Oh. Good save.
4) 470) text: ALEX picks up two Leis from a box behind the counter. He Robbie walk over to AMY and KATIE who are standing over n the buffet.
4) 483) text: Everyone applauds, AOKEE waves. Alex raises a hand and wa off the accolade. ROBBIE nods and smiles as the AMY and KATIE clap as well.
4) 487) dialog: (grabbing ROBBIE's hand and leading out to the dance floor) Sure.
4) 491) text: AOKEE begins singing the Hawaiian love song, "E O'Mai". couples are dancing; it is a slow song. ALEX, of course, is a goof. He dances slow, but every onc in a while executes a deep dip, much to AMY's terror. EDDIE is off to the edge of the dance floor, watching, longingly, and kind of swaying to the music. A couple of girls walk by and he does a magic trick for them. He holds both hands up, palms open to show he has nothing his hands. He also gestures that he has no sleeves (he is wearing a tuxedo t-shirt). He reaches behind his back and pulls out a trick bouquet of flowers, but they don't quit open right, and are still unfolding as he holds them. EDDIE smiles weakly, he knows that isn't quite how it was supposed to go. The girls appear encouraging, but as they leave look at each other and giggle. We pick up ROBBIE and KATIE dancing.
4) 492) dialog: So. How are things working out at Aokee's?
4) 494) dialog: Well, of course this isn't California...
4) 496) dialog: Really.
4) 498) dialog: You mean the Surfer King?
4) 500) dialog: It's all the other girls seem to talk about. This is my first year, but
4) 512) dialog: Sure.
4) 515) dialog: So...what made your folks pick up from beautiful southern California and move to Colorado?
4) 517) dialog: Aha...trouble in paradise?
4) 519) dialog: It could be worse.
4) 521) dialog: I have a theory. Sometimes it snows here so hard, that it's a challenge just to get to work or to school. Everything shuts down for a day or so. If your car gets stuck, people appear from nowhere to help pull you out and get you back on the road. Most people here don't just look out for themselves. A lot of times,
4) 531) dialog: (looking down at the party) You were right. This is nice. (reacting to the jungle noises) But not necessarily quieter.
4) 542) dialog: (smiling) Eight years at Miss Vickie's Studio of Dance. What surprises me is you.
4) 544) dialog: Of course.
4) 546) dialog: So are you the next Harrison Ford?
4) 549) dialog: ....and?
4) 552) dialog: Doesn't sound so terrible.     You certainly learned how to dance.
4) 554) dialog: (touched, drawing closer) I'm not laughing.
6) 14) text: ROBBIE jumps in and they drive away. ALEX, AMY and KATIE still standing on the porch of the TIME SHACK, shocked at what they've seen.
6) 17) dialog: (forlorn, stunned) Tiff.
6) 18) text: WE SEE ROBBIE and TIFFANY drive out the gate.     We see walk slowly out of the park alone. As she is walking, we flash back to scenes of KATIE and Page 60 of 81 ROBBIE together, dancing and laughing. This time the danc moves to the song of Allison Krause's "New Favorite". We take a final look at KATIE with the setting sun at her back and see she is crying.
9) 62) text: ROBBIE appears on the seawall holding his board and looki out first at the bay, then at the crowd. His mom, CONNIE waves, and he smiles weakly. HE sees KATIE and she looks hopeful. She hasn't given up him completely. He smiles at her and gets into the water. He begins paddling. It seems to take forever for him to g out to the spot where he catches the wave, but he finally arrives. He sits there for a moment, collecting himself, then rais his hand to signal he is ready. The CONCESSIONS KIDS have started to chant, ROBBIE! ROBBI The guards are anxious, but even they can't help moving t the cadence of the chant. The wave comes and he catches it quickly, and slips his f into the duct tape pockets. He misses one pocket at first then gets it in. He rides it carefully and at the right moment slides up t Page 78 of 81 the top and executes a full 360 degree turn out of the wa On landing back on the downside of the wave, he slides do it quickly, and then turns around with a deep cut and hea straight into the wave. At the top he bounces and does a complete back flip in slow motion. We see the crowd also in slow motion. AOKEE Is covering h eyes, he can't watch. ALEX's face is contorted with disbelief. Various faces in the crowd are in open-mouthed disbelief. THE JUDGES are staring intently, focussed so a not to miss anything. ROBBIE lands the flip, and rides the rest of the wave. waves to the crowd, and kicks off, exhausted. The place goes nuts. No one here has ever seen anything l this before. AOKEE and ALEX run into the water and help h out. People are still cheering. COWBOY knows he's in trouble. THE JUDGES confer only momentarily and the score 10 appea and the word concessions starts flashing along with the w winner. COWBOY nods in agreement. TIFFANY says something to him, and he appears angry. only hear part of his response, something like:
9) 68) text: We see KATIE clapping, crying.   AOKEE and ALEX are clapp and smiling.
10) 6) text: ALEX, ROBBIE, KATIE and AMY all say these lines pretty mu at the same time.
10) 9) dialog: And you're such a good guard...
10) 18) text: EDDIE waves his hand for HER to scoot over so he can driv She is surprised, but does, almost reflexively. He gets i and he looks at ALEX, ROBBIE, KATIE and AMY grinning broa as he pulls away. ALEX, ROBBIE, KATIE and AMY just watch in stunned silence EDDIE and TIFFANY drive off.
10) 22) dialog: We'll be going to the same high school. You'll have plenty of chances to make it up to me. Let's see, there's Homecoming, the Christmas Dance, Valentines Day...and of course, the prom...