4) 140) text: THE COLONEL goes back to the girl MELINDA he was about to nickname before the interruption, but is staring after AL AOKEE and ROBBIE as they walk off. He looks at MELINDA. H looks back at ALEX &amp; company. It hits him.
4) 142) dialog: Sir?
9) 17) text: MELINDA grabs her board and begins paddling out. The wave comes and it's all she can do to stay on her board. She struggles and falls at the end. She will clearly not be a factor. The big screen shows a 0 in a column after the grounds score. We look back to the bleachers to polite applause, but the COLONEL and the grounds kids are clearly disappointed. COWBOY is out there now, the wave comes and he catches it easily. He rides the wave gracefully and well, and kicks at the end. The big screen shows an 8 in the lifeguard ro The lifeguards and RICHARD are cheering now. ROBBIE is next. He catches the wave and rides it more aggressively than COWBOY, but nearly falls at the end of run. The big screen shows an 8. The concessions kids and AOKEE are very enthusiastic. They can see they have a cha with ROBBIE. PIPEMAN is watching from a far corner. MELINDA begins her second run. She is a little more confident this time, but still seems barely able to stand ride the wave. More polite applause, and the big screen shows a 5. COWBOY catches his wave, and tries to imitate ROBBIE'S mo aggressive style, but falls midway through the run. We he a large gasp from the crowd as this happens. The crowd applauds politely, and the guards are supportiv but disappointed. We see the JUDGES confer and the big sc shows a 0. ROBBIE gets his wave, and surfs it aggressively again, th time not nearly falling at all. The JUDGES nod approvingl and confer. The big screen shows a 9. The crowd goes wild especially the concessions kids. Melinda begins her final run. She does better than the pa two, but not significantly. The JUDGES confer and the scr shows a 5. The ground kids are very disappointed, they kn they are out of it now. THE COLONEL shakes MELINDA'S hand and thanks her for her efforts. Page 74 of 81 COWBOY gets his wave, and has clearly decided to go back his original style; he rides the wave gracefully, but tak no chances. He kicks out at the end with a wave and a smile. The guar applaud, hoping to make it seem better than it was, and t JUDGES confer and the screen shows an 8. ROBBIE snags his wave and rides it aggressively again, bu loses his balance momentarily. It costs him; the JUDGES confer and the screen shows a 7. The concessions kids applaud, and the point totals show "Grounds   98", "Concessions 102" and "Lifeguards 102". EVERYONE is confused, there has never been a tie before. JUDGES Are flipping through papers, and BIG MIKE steps up the microphone.