4) 574) text: Page 50 of 81 This startles and kind of angers PIPEMAN.
4) 575) dialog: Hey.   You're not supposed to be in here.
4) 577) dialog: (recovering from the startle) Not on purpose. I guess some people call me Pipeman. 'Spose it's better than Carl.
4) 579) dialog: No. I just said Pipeman was a better name than Carl.
4) 581) dialog: Oh. OK.   What the hell you doin' down here?
4) 583) dialog: That scrubsink at Aokee's leakin' again? Gees, I knew we shoudda replaced...
4) 585) dialog: (to himself) Everybody wants to be the Surfer King. (to ROBBIE) What advanced surfing experience?
4) 587) dialog: Ohhh. Bad news, kid. I hate to disappoint you, but this is the reason they call me Pipeman. I'm the plumber around here.
4) 588) text: PIPEMAN holds up the large wrench. Page 51 of 81
4) 590) text: ROBBIE begins walking out, dejected.    PIPEMAN looks at and feels sorry for him.
4) 591) dialog: Wait a minute, kid. I do know a little about surfing. I also know a lot about the wave here. What exactly are you looking for from me?
4) 593) dialog: Karate Kid. He works at Big Mike's doesn't he?
4) 595) dialog: Never seen it. Don't know much about this mentor thing. How's it work?
4) 597) dialog: (proudly) I'm Norman.
4) 599) dialog: No, no NNNNORM-AN. We follow the big fat guy on Cheers reruns.
4) 601) dialog: Usually involves a lot of beer and corn nuts, but I don't think that's gonna work here. (thinking) Tell you what. Meet me at Thunder Bay tomorrow morning,
4) 606) dialog: This is how I trigger the wave.
4) 608) dialog: What did you think? Waves just happen? This is Colorado, kid. Now get your board and get in the water.
4) 609) text: Robbie gets his board and jumps into Thunder Bay, paddlin over to the narrow side where the wave begins. PIPEMAN goes down the stairs leading to near where ROBBIE positioned himself.
4) 610) dialog: You sure that's where you want to be?
4) 612) dialog: Mentors don't get wet. I looked it up. (pressing the clicker) Get ready.
4) 614) dialog: Want to know what you did wrong?
4) 616) dialog: Oakey doakey.
4) 619) dialog: You're in the wrong position. The wave doesn't crest that soon. Move ten feet further away from the back wall.
4) 621) text: ROBBIE paddles over to the spot suggested by PIPEMAN. AOK and ALEX are now sitting on the edge of the lawn chairs anxiously awaiting the next wave. It comes and ROBBIE catches it easily and begins riding it aggressively. He h a good run and kicks out at the end. AOKEE and ALEX high-five.
5) 30) dialog: (gesturing) OK, now this time, get up on the board more quickly. This is a wave pool and this wave dissipates quickly. You only have a little time to show your stuff.
5) 32) dialog: You get a possible ten points. Three for your surfing, three for your style and four for the judge's overall impression of your ride. No one's ever gotten a ten...I'm not really sure why.
5) 34) dialog: Everybody just surfs, man and tries not to fall. The big reason Cowboy's done so
9) 17) text: MELINDA grabs her board and begins paddling out. The wave comes and it's all she can do to stay on her board. She struggles and falls at the end. She will clearly not be a factor. The big screen shows a 0 in a column after the grounds score. We look back to the bleachers to polite applause, but the COLONEL and the grounds kids are clearly disappointed. COWBOY is out there now, the wave comes and he catches it easily. He rides the wave gracefully and well, and kicks at the end. The big screen shows an 8 in the lifeguard ro The lifeguards and RICHARD are cheering now. ROBBIE is next. He catches the wave and rides it more aggressively than COWBOY, but nearly falls at the end of run. The big screen shows an 8. The concessions kids and AOKEE are very enthusiastic. They can see they have a cha with ROBBIE. PIPEMAN is watching from a far corner. MELINDA begins her second run. She is a little more confident this time, but still seems barely able to stand ride the wave. More polite applause, and the big screen shows a 5. COWBOY catches his wave, and tries to imitate ROBBIE'S mo aggressive style, but falls midway through the run. We he a large gasp from the crowd as this happens. The crowd applauds politely, and the guards are supportiv but disappointed. We see the JUDGES confer and the big sc shows a 0. ROBBIE gets his wave, and surfs it aggressively again, th time not nearly falling at all. The JUDGES nod approvingl and confer. The big screen shows a 9. The crowd goes wild especially the concessions kids. Melinda begins her final run. She does better than the pa two, but not significantly. The JUDGES confer and the scr shows a 5. The ground kids are very disappointed, they kn they are out of it now. THE COLONEL shakes MELINDA'S hand and thanks her for her efforts. Page 74 of 81 COWBOY gets his wave, and has clearly decided to go back his original style; he rides the wave gracefully, but tak no chances. He kicks out at the end with a wave and a smile. The guar applaud, hoping to make it seem better than it was, and t JUDGES confer and the screen shows an 8. ROBBIE snags his wave and rides it aggressively again, bu loses his balance momentarily. It costs him; the JUDGES confer and the screen shows a 7. The concessions kids applaud, and the point totals show "Grounds   98", "Concessions 102" and "Lifeguards 102". EVERYONE is confused, there has never been a tie before. JUDGES Are flipping through papers, and BIG MIKE steps up the microphone.
9) 25) text: 70        EXT -MOMENTS LATER - AOKEE'S SURF &amp; SNACK S Page 75 of 81 ROBBIE, ALEX, AOKEE and PIPEMAN have gathered in front of AOKEE's to strategize.
9) 28) dialog: You could always go out and do your very best, take a lot of chances and maybe win this thing on merit.
9) 32) dialog: You think you can hold it?
9) 34) dialog: We gotta pull the fin. What do we do about the foot pockets?
9) 36) text: PIPEMAN reaches into his tool belt and pulls out a roll.
9) 37) dialog: What kind of plumber would I be if I didn't have duct tape? Water World
9) 41) text: PIPEMAN gets his screw gun out of his tool belt and begin removing the two outer fins of the board. He then begins looping duct tap around the board to create two foot pock This provides a background to the dialog below.
9) 51) dialog: Ready!
9) 53) dialog: (imitating Mr. Scott on Star
9) 55) text: He hands Robbie the board. ALEX heads back to the bleache area, PIPEMAN goes to the pumphouse in back of Thunder Ba AOKEE hangs back with ROBBIE and speaks to him alone.