2) 0) text: BIG MIKE is standing under the Fun House structure with a clipboard. He is talking to RICHARD. After talking to BIG MIKE, RICHARD shakes his head affirmatively and walks off. He glances up to the two gua above, and grins. BIG MIKE is looking at his clipboard. W see quickly the large water tank above is spilling water bit, indicating it is full. The water tank spills over BIG MIKE drenching him. He sta there still, angry for a moment, then thinks better of it shaking his head and smiling, takes his pen and checks OK his wet clipboard for the fun house water tank.
4) 152) dialog: (wincing some, but not
4) 155) dialog: (glancing at the water wing group wistfully, almost to himself) ...a long ways to go...
4) 157) dialog: ...but I'd like to take a moment to speak, mostly to the guards, but certainly everyone has a role in this. We can take everything we've learned and distill it down to two simple rules. Rule number one:
4) 159) dialog: (loudly, emphatically, angry at the thought that anybody might...) Don't drown!
4) 161) dialog: (almost quietly) Rule number two:
4) 163) dialog: (loudly, emphatically) Don't let anyone else drown!
4) 165) dialog: (almost quietly to the stunned crowd) Thank you. Have a great summer!
4) 467) text: With that, ALEX punches in, as if to punctuate the line. 36        EXT - NIGHT -   OUTSIDE AOKEE'S SURF &amp; SNAC It is dark, but the place is lit up by little lights everywhere, Christmas lights in the fake palm trees, TIKI lights around AOKEE's, and lights lighting a stage where band is playing, what else, surf music. Buffet tables line the area, and there is SMOOTHIE BAR se up. BIG MIKE himself is behind the bar making smoothies, while RICHARD is playing bass in the band. AOKEE is runni around making sure all the buffet items are full. Everyon is wearing Leis, but the cheap plastic ones, except AOKEE his staff, who have real ones flown in from Hawaii.
5) 0) text: AOKEE is behind the counter finishing up making a smoothi RICHARD, head lifeguard is on the other side; he will get smoothie.
5) 1) dialog: (grinning) So. I hear he's pretty good.     Haven't seen him myself yet.
5) 4) dialog: Come on. Your ringer from California. Everyone says he's gonna give Cowboy a run for his money.
5) 7) dialog: Gees!
5) 11) dialog: You know I'd feel a lot better if you hadn't taken most of my money in that poker game last Friday night.
5) 13) dialog: (nods) Right. Tell you what. Sight unseen even money, twenty dollars on Cowboy.
5) 15) dialog: A hundred bucks...
5) 18) dialog: OK, a hundred bucks.
5) 19) text: They slap hands to seal the deal.    RICHARD leaves, grin and shaking his head.
9) 17) text: MELINDA grabs her board and begins paddling out. The wave comes and it's all she can do to stay on her board. She struggles and falls at the end. She will clearly not be a factor. The big screen shows a 0 in a column after the grounds score. We look back to the bleachers to polite applause, but the COLONEL and the grounds kids are clearly disappointed. COWBOY is out there now, the wave comes and he catches it easily. He rides the wave gracefully and well, and kicks at the end. The big screen shows an 8 in the lifeguard ro The lifeguards and RICHARD are cheering now. ROBBIE is next. He catches the wave and rides it more aggressively than COWBOY, but nearly falls at the end of run. The big screen shows an 8. The concessions kids and AOKEE are very enthusiastic. They can see they have a cha with ROBBIE. PIPEMAN is watching from a far corner. MELINDA begins her second run. She is a little more confident this time, but still seems barely able to stand ride the wave. More polite applause, and the big screen shows a 5. COWBOY catches his wave, and tries to imitate ROBBIE'S mo aggressive style, but falls midway through the run. We he a large gasp from the crowd as this happens. The crowd applauds politely, and the guards are supportiv but disappointed. We see the JUDGES confer and the big sc shows a 0. ROBBIE gets his wave, and surfs it aggressively again, th time not nearly falling at all. The JUDGES nod approvingl and confer. The big screen shows a 9. The crowd goes wild especially the concessions kids. Melinda begins her final run. She does better than the pa two, but not significantly. The JUDGES confer and the scr shows a 5. The ground kids are very disappointed, they kn they are out of it now. THE COLONEL shakes MELINDA'S hand and thanks her for her efforts. Page 74 of 81 COWBOY gets his wave, and has clearly decided to go back his original style; he rides the wave gracefully, but tak no chances. He kicks out at the end with a wave and a smile. The guar applaud, hoping to make it seem better than it was, and t JUDGES confer and the screen shows an 8. ROBBIE snags his wave and rides it aggressively again, bu loses his balance momentarily. It costs him; the JUDGES confer and the screen shows a 7. The concessions kids applaud, and the point totals show "Grounds   98", "Concessions 102" and "Lifeguards 102". EVERYONE is confused, there has never been a tie before. JUDGES Are flipping through papers, and BIG MIKE steps up the microphone.