3) 2) dialog: (sardonically) Yeah. This is great. I love this plan. Drag me kicking and screaming from my happy home in California to some weird place in Colorado, and say hey, this'll be fun Robbie. Maybe we can go camping....
3) 4) dialog: "Administrative Assistant." There's no such thing as a secretary anymore.
3) 6) dialog: (shaking his head) Grounds crew. What kind of job is that? It sound like the guy who cleans out the coffee pots.
3) 8) dialog: I had friends in Oceanside. I had something to do for the summer.
3) 12) dialog: All thanks to Dad and his secretary.
3) 14) dialog: Whatever.    Some summer....
3) 17) dialog: (giving in to the inevitable) I will. I promise. See you later
4) 0) text: There are about 40-50 teenagers in various default street clothes, shorts and tees mostly. Robbie takes his place i line behind an older, taller boy, ALEX, who seems to know almost everyone, and has made it his personal mission to greet them.
4) 6) dialog: (nodding) I'm Robbie. Robbie Zirpollo.
4) 8) dialog: I believe it's with the Grounds Crew?
4) 10) dialog: (surprised) I can swim. Why?
4) 12) dialog: Almost 16.     I get my license in September.
4) 14) dialog: Well, I just moved here. I guess I missed guard tryouts. You're a guard then?
4) 16) dialog: Can't swim, huh?
4) 18) dialog: (listening to speaker on post above) What is that?
4) 26) dialog: (wincing) Ouch.
4) 33) dialog: (taken aback, breathing in through his nose) Whoa....who was that?
4) 35) dialog: So who is she?
4) 39) dialog: Cowboy, huh. Big guy?
4) 41) dialog: (takes in a deep breath)
4) 47) dialog: Rob Zirpollo. Uh, Robert Zirpollo
4) 51) dialog: (to ALEX) So what is this grounds thing, anyway?
4) 54) text: ROBBIE shakes his head "no".
4) 57) text: Page 9 of 81 direction. (to ROBBIE with feigned excitement) You get to meet The Colonel!
4) 88) text: It is all ROBBIE can do not to laugh. THE COLONEL goes on the next kid, SKEETER who is tall, skinny and goofy-looki SKEETER'S eyes are faced forward, but something catches t His eyes follow an unseen object as we begin to hear a sm mosquito. Finally his eyes follow it until he looks, cros eyed at his own nose. THE COLONEL has taken note of this and is following it to SKEETER can take no more, and brushes it off his nose as makes a face. Page 12 of 81
4) 93) text: SNITCH shows his dismay with a frown. THE COLONEL has run out of new plungers already and is forced to move to one last year's leftovers, which look somewhat depressing. He gets one and give it to SNITCH, who looks at it, makes face, and decides not to shoulder it. ROBBIE is so depres he looks like he's about to pass out. His worst fears have been realized.    His summer is pass before his eyes. There's only one more person, a young 14 year-old girl, t before ROBBIE. THE COLONEL addresses her.
4) 136) text: ROBBIE has caught on and is quick to step out of line, an pick up his shirt to be ready to go.
4) 137) dialog: (to THE COLONEL) I was confused myself, sir. I had heard I was working for some Hawaiian guy.
4) 140) text: THE COLONEL goes back to the girl MELINDA he was about to nickname before the interruption, but is staring after AL AOKEE and ROBBIE as they walk off. He looks at MELINDA. H looks back at ALEX &amp; company. It hits him.
4) 168) text: ALEX, then everyone begins applauding. ROBBIE looks at AL quizzically, ALEX just shrugs. The meeting breaks up. 13        INT - MORNING - THE NEXT DAY - AOKEE'S SURF &am Everyone is hurrying around, getting ready for opening da ROBBIE, wearing his new blue Hawaiian shirt, is cutting pineapple. AOKEE is busy hovering over everyone, and cook chicken on the grill. ALEX walks in.
4) 171) text: ROBBIE finishes the pineapple and hands the tray to AOKEE almost spilling it.
4) 173) text: ALEX takes a pile of silverware wrapped in napkins, and points to ROBBIE to grab a box of sugar packets to refill dispensers. ROBBIE grabs it quickly, enthusiastically, bu loses his grip and spills the packets on the floor. At that moment, AUDREY a girl in her teens who works at AOKEE'S and is stacking plastic cups on the counter, accidentally knocks a stack of cups to the ground. RAMON, a teenage boy who works there is behind the counte He bends over, disappearing, and we hear a crash of pots pans. His head peers up from below the counter sheepishly AOKEE turns from the grill looking at all this, and has a worried look, but smiles and shrugs weakly.
4) 193) text: The music starts and ALEX, now wearing SARAH's grass skir launches into his version of the electric slide, Hawaiian style. EVERYONE ELSE gets the beat and begins working to the mus AOKEE is using his spatulas as drum sticks on the overhan kitchen tools. RAMON has inverted an empty pot and is beating it conga-d style. ROBBIE has picked up the sugar packets and ALEX is dancin and quickly (almost casually) tossing silverware/napkin r to ROBBIE as ROBBIE catches them (at first with some difficulty) and puts them on the tables. SARAH has re-stacked the cups, and is juggling salt &amp; shakers, placing them on the tables. AUDREY chops onions the beat.
4) 199) text: As the song ends (abruptly), AOKEE bumps a surfboard (par the restaurant's decoration) with his hip, knocking it an another one to the ground. Page 21 of 81 There is a loud crash and everyone pauses and looks at AO waiting to see if he gets mad. AOKEE looks down at his hip, and makes a puppy-dog face l "I didn't know my hips were that big...." Everyone claps, laughing. AOKEE takes a bow. 14        INT -LATER THAT DAY - AOKEE'S SURF &amp; SNACK ROBBIE and ALEX are carrying bus tubs loaded with dirty dishes back toward the kitchen from the dining area. AOKEE is sipping on a smoothie and leaning back on a coun There are only a few customers in the eating area. They set the tubs down on a counter that passes to the ba area. An unseen person takes them into the dishwashing ar
4) 205) dialog: So that was a typical lunch crowd?
4) 207) dialog: (incredulous) Busier?
4) 210) dialog: There's nothing like cash money in your pocket. What's that over there?
4) 215) dialog: I can't imagine it's that difficult. (to himself) ...no rudder on the board...
4) 221) dialog: No?
4) 223) text: ROBBIE nods, understanding. ALEX points back to THE WAVE. Page 23 of 81
4) 230) text: He hands him the radio, and ALEX is back with ROBBIE.
4) 241) text: THEY LOOK intently at the WAVE BABE, who is pretty good, with the increased water flow. But, after a few deft move she falls. ALEX looks, and sees what he is looking for. ROBBIE smiles.
4) 247) text: She looks down behind the board and reacts.     She bites lower lip, winces and nods yes. SKEETER hands her her swimsuit, and she looks around and backs away towards a towel hanging from the fence nearby. SNITCH is still frozen, stunned by what he's just seen, m wide open. SKEETER waves his hand in front of SNITCH's fa No reaction.   He's never seen a naked girl before. We're back to ALEX and ROBBIE.
4) 248) dialog: (looking at ALEX) You were right. I was interested in
4) 251) text: ROBBIE nods in agreement, and they walk off.
4) 254) dialog: OK.
4) 255) text: ROBBIE walks over to the First Aid Station. DOUG FITZGERA the guy we heard in line on the first day is there, he's guard.
4) 256) dialog: Hey. I've been sent to find some table stretchers and left-handed coffee pots.
4) 258) dialog: Yeah, how'd you know?
4) 260) dialog: Thanks.
4) 262) dialog: (looking back and waving as he walks away) Got it.
4) 278) dialog: (to JAFFA) Wow. Jamaica. I thought I was far from home.
4) 282) text: ROBBIE smiles and nods, and waves goodbye to catch up wit ALEX.
4) 291) text: ALEX and ROBBIE walk away as EDDIE places a "RESTROOM CLO sandwich board in front of the door. Just then BIG MIKE rushes up.
4) 300) text: Page 29 of 81 KATIE just shakes her head in amazement. ROBBIE and ALEX walk up to them. AMY is out of earshot, loading a kid. ALEX hangs back a bit.
4) 301) dialog: (to KATIE) Hi. We're looking for some table stretchers and left-handed coffee pots.
4) 304) dialog: (surprised) Uh, yes...
4) 308) dialog: (taken with KATIE) Robbie. Ummm, Rob Zirpollo.
4) 310) dialog: Thanks.
4) 311) text: ALEX and ROBBIE walk off.
4) 320) dialog: What did that girl Amy mean?
4) 322) dialog: When she said, when are you going to tell him?
4) 324) text: ROBBIE and ALEX proceed to BIG MIKE's out of frame. SUDDENLY in the background we see a tube splashdown from slide and the 7 year-old girl riding in it falls out. Realizing she is no longer safely in a tube she screams a begins splashing as if drowning. A guard nearby blows a single tweet of her whistle. IN SLOW MOTION we see four other guards throughout the ar turn and react to the whistle. They begin running, BAYWAT style towards the scene. Page 31 of 81 Two guards are running and carrying a backboard. They converge in another BAYWATCH style slow-mo shot and line along the edge of the splashdown pool. One guard in the middle has a rescue tube, and, still in motion, squats down slowly as if to jump in and rescue th girl. At the low end of the jump crouch, however he stops. his face in close-up as he says.
4) 328) dialog: (Shaking his head) Aokee's not going to be happy. Nobody seems to know where these things are...
4) 330) dialog: What?
4) 332) dialog: What a dirty trick.
4) 334) dialog: (still mad) Humph.
4) 343) dialog: But...don't we get an employee discount? Shouldn't we go in the front?
4) 345) text: ROBBIE is getting out money from his pocket, counting thr it. DAVE shows up with two burgers and two malts, and hands t to ALEX, disappears and shuts the door quickly. ROBBIE is still staring at his money.
4) 350) dialog: What now?
4) 356) dialog: (to AOKEE) What is this thing for anyway?
4) 360) dialog: And what would this concessions kid have to do?
4) 362) dialog: Has it ever happened?
4) 369) dialog: (blinking, smiling) Hello. On break?
4) 371) dialog: Coming up.
4) 374) dialog: These are only for VIP guests.
4) 381) dialog: California. I just moved here at the beginning of the summer.
4) 384) dialog: You'd love the ocean. And the sunsets are incredible. You can almost hear the sizzle as the sun drops into the ocean... (daydreaming a bit) Of course, we all know it doesn't drop into the ocean.
4) 386) dialog: Let's just say I missed my chance, and Alex saved me from a death worse than fate. I was very nearly a trash rat.
4) 392) dialog: (thinking) Mmmm. I told her how beautiful the California sunsets are.
4) 394) dialog: Yeah.   The Wave?
4) 396) text: ROBBIE looks confused.
4) 398) dialog: (grabbing his suit and a towel) Ah ha! Let's go.
4) 402) text: ALEX is up now, and he grabs the board and jumps in. He i pretty good, but not nearly as good as the WAVE BUMS. He does a few tricks and wipes out. He gets up and walks up the line to watch ROBBIE.
4) 404) text: ROBBIE takes the board and looks around. He jumps full fo onto the wave. It takes him just a moment to get the feel the board, and then he is all over it, making the WAVE BU look like rookies. Spins, rolls, everything that can be d he does. Finally, the guard blows a whistle indicating th his time is up.
4) 406) dialog: I'm from Oceanside, California.    I was born on a surfboard.
4) 409) dialog: (looking right into ALEX's eyes) In my sleep.
4) 428) text: Page 38 of 81 ALEX goes into the back. AOKEE sits at a table. Robbie comes out of the kitchen wearing a dishwasher apron.
4) 430) dialog: (sitting down, worried) What did I spill now?
4) 433) dialog: I dunno. Yeah, surfing is usually how I spend my summers.
4) 435) dialog: Yeah.   Some kind of trophy.
4) 438) dialog: I dunno...seems kind of silly to me.
4) 440) dialog: It shouldn't be that hard...how good could this Cowboy be?
4) 442) dialog: Page 39 of 81 Pipeman?
4) 447) text: Robbie looks at them, thinking for a moment.
4) 449) dialog: (into phone) Hello, Grandma? No, I'm fine. Listen, Grandma...I need you to send me a few of my things...
4) 465) dialog: I don't how much fun it will be.     With Aokee hosting, we'll be working.
4) 470) text: ALEX picks up two Leis from a box behind the counter. He Robbie walk over to AMY and KATIE who are standing over n the buffet.
4) 472) dialog: (agreeing) I'm afraid you're right.     Something must
4) 474) text: ALEX and ROBBIE set the smoothies on a nearby table. They remove the cheap plastic Leis the girls are wearing. Then they put on the real ones they carried over. ALEX steps b to admire his work.
4) 476) dialog: Perfect.    A work of art.
4) 477) text: The girls look at each other and smile. ALEX and ROBBIE g the smoothies and hand two to the girls. AMY sips hers ri away.
4) 479) dialog: They're..
4) 483) text: Everyone applauds, AOKEE waves. Alex raises a hand and wa off the accolade. ROBBIE nods and smiles as the AMY and KATIE clap as well.
4) 491) text: AOKEE begins singing the Hawaiian love song, "E O'Mai". couples are dancing; it is a slow song. ALEX, of course, is a goof. He dances slow, but every onc in a while executes a deep dip, much to AMY's terror. EDDIE is off to the edge of the dance floor, watching, longingly, and kind of swaying to the music. A couple of girls walk by and he does a magic trick for them. He holds both hands up, palms open to show he has nothing his hands. He also gestures that he has no sleeves (he is wearing a tuxedo t-shirt). He reaches behind his back and pulls out a trick bouquet of flowers, but they don't quit open right, and are still unfolding as he holds them. EDDIE smiles weakly, he knows that isn't quite how it was supposed to go. The girls appear encouraging, but as they leave look at each other and giggle. We pick up ROBBIE and KATIE dancing.
4) 493) dialog: Oh, he's great. Alex too. I thought this summer was going to be a train wreck, but it's not turning out too bad.
4) 495) dialog: No, but it looks like I will get a chance to do some surfing anyway.
4) 497) dialog: Apparently there's some kind of surfing contest and Aokee is all over me to enter.
4) 499) dialog: You've heard of it?
4) 502) dialog: We'll see. It seems kind of stupid to me. A surfing contest in Colorado. (laughing) My friends back home would never believe it.
4) 511) dialog: (to KATIE) Hey, listen. Alex told me about this great spot on the other side of Thunder Bay that looks down on the party, but it's a little more quiet. Want to go for a walk?
4) 516) dialog: Not both my folks.   Just my Mom.
4) 518) dialog: Let's just say my father had an eye for his administrative assistant, and now they're both somewhere in Mexico. Mom got a job here, some of her family's here, so they said "Colorady is the place you outta be".
4) 520) dialog: Well, I must admit, I've met some very nice people. (looking down and smiling) In California, the attitude's a little different. Here, not everyone is out to prove something. Seem's like everyone just wants to have fun.
4) 532) dialog: Just a sec.
4) 534) dialog: Hey, Alex. Give us break down here. Turn down the sound effects.
4) 541) dialog: (quizzically) So where did you learn to dance like this?
4) 543) dialog: (somewhat embarrassed, keeps dancing) Can you keep my deepest, darkest secret?
4) 545) dialog: (hesitantly) When you grow up within spitting distance of Hollywood, every mother seems to think her child is the next Harrison Ford. So when I was about 12, my Mom started taking me to all these auditions for things.
4) 547) dialog: Some days I'm not even the next Robbie Zirpollo.
4) 551) dialog: Turns out I get this part. They're selling some dish soap or something, and they think it will be magical to have two twelve year old kids dancing ballroom on this fantasy set with clouds and everything. They lock this girl and I into a dance studio with a choreographer for two weeks, and then they shoot the commercial.
4) 553) dialog: Yeah, but when it came out everyone in school saw it. I couldn't go anywhere for six months without everyone in the room laughing their heads off.
4) 571) dialog: (quietly) Hello?
4) 573) dialog: (loudly this time) Hello?
4) 576) dialog: Yeah, sorry. Are you Pipeman?
4) 578) dialog: So you're real name's Carl?
4) 580) dialog: Oh. Well, my name's Robbie.      I work at Aokee's.
4) 582) dialog: I need your help.
4) 584) dialog: It's not the scrub sink. I need your help. I'm competing in the Employee Olympics. With your advanced surfing experience, Aokee thought you might be able to help me.
4) 586) dialog: Well, you know. "Pipeman"? Hawaii's North Shore? Surfing the pipeline?
4) 589) dialog: Oh, boy. See, I'm from California, and I can surf, I just don't know what to expect from the wave on Thunder Bay. I...I was just hoping you could help, I really am sorry for bothering you.
4) 590) text: ROBBIE begins walking out, dejected.    PIPEMAN looks at and feels sorry for him.
4) 592) dialog: (perking up) I need a mentor; you know like in Karate Kid.
4) 594) dialog: No, no it's a movie.
4) 596) dialog: Generally, you, as mentor, draw on some personal religious philosophy to first intimidate, and then later inspire me. What religion are you?
4) 598) dialog: Ah, Brigham Young and all that.
4) 600) dialog: Okay...and your belief structure....
4) 603) dialog: (happily) Great, perfect. Thanks. I won't let you down. (walking away, muttering to himself) What the heck is a corn-nut?
4) 605) dialog: Hi!  Glad you could make it. (pointing to PIPEMAN's hand) What's that?
4) 607) dialog: With that?     A garage door clicker?
4) 609) text: Robbie gets his board and jumps into Thunder Bay, paddlin over to the narrow side where the wave begins. PIPEMAN goes down the stairs leading to near where ROBBIE positioned himself.
4) 611) dialog: Should be about right. Aren't you getting in? Where's your board?
4) 613) text: A wave comes and ROBBIE begins paddling.     He misses it Page 53 of 81 splashes the water angrily and turns back to paddle to position again. AOKEE and ALEX look at each other nervous
4) 615) dialog: (mad) Just gimme another wave.
4) 617) text: Another wave comes. ROBBIE paddles furiously and misses i again. Now he's really angry.
4) 618) dialog: (tersely) Okay. Please. Tell me what I did wrong.
4) 620) dialog: (to himself) The ocean never had a back wall. (to Pipeman) Thank you.
4) 621) text: ROBBIE paddles over to the spot suggested by PIPEMAN. AOK and ALEX are now sitting on the edge of the lawn chairs anxiously awaiting the next wave. It comes and ROBBIE catches it easily and begins riding it aggressively. He h a good run and kicks out at the end. AOKEE and ALEX high-five.
5) 21) text: Page 55 of 81 Robbie?   That you?   Come out here.
5) 22) dialog: (entering from kitchen) Sorry, dude, that tray was way off balance.
5) 24) dialog: (happy) I'm really getting the hang of that wave.
5) 26) dialog: (thinking) I'll try to remember to look and see who's watching.
5) 28) text: ROBBIE smiles and takes the smoothie back to the kitchen.
5) 31) dialog: How will the judging work?
5) 33) dialog: You've seen the competition.     What does everybody do?
5) 36) dialog: OK.   I'm ready.
5) 37) text: The wave comes and ROBBIE catches it and surfs it hard, kicking up high at the end.
5) 51) dialog: (to JAFFA) Hey Jaffa. NO worries. (to ALEX, shocked) People are betting on me?
5) 53) dialog: I've seen this Cowboy practice. His style is more longboard, and this is a shortboard wave, but he's still pretty good. I could lose you know.
5) 56) dialog: How ya doin' (to Alex after they have gone by) See. How come everyone knows me by sight now?
5) 58) text: Another group of concession girls calls ROBBIE from one o the snack bars. He waves.
5) 59) dialog: I suppose. I've been working out a strategy to use if Cowboy has a real good day. It's risky...
5) 62) dialog: (surprised) You know me?
5) 67) dialog: The best teriyaki east of the Pacific.
5) 69) dialog: (stunned) Well, sure. I'll be working all afternoon.
5) 71) text: She walks off. ROBBIE just stands there. ALEX starts walking, then comes back. Finally ALEX pushes him on the shoulder.
5) 73) dialog: (still shocked) Yes. Yes we do.
6) 4) text: WE SEE in a far corner of AOKEE's TIFFANY and ROBBIE in a Page 59 of 81 animated, engaging conversation.
6) 9) text: WE SEE TIFFANY and ROBBIE again, and TIFFANY is laughing loudly at some joke ROBBIE has made.
6) 12) text: ROBBIE goes over to talk to her.    WE SEE him go around passenger side.
6) 13) dialog: (shouting) Alex! I won't need a ride tonight after all. Tiff's taking me home!
6) 14) text: ROBBIE jumps in and they drive away. ALEX, AMY and KATIE still standing on the porch of the TIME SHACK, shocked at what they've seen.
6) 18) text: WE SEE ROBBIE and TIFFANY drive out the gate.     We see walk slowly out of the park alone. As she is walking, we flash back to scenes of KATIE and Page 60 of 81 ROBBIE together, dancing and laughing. This time the danc moves to the song of Allison Krause's "New Favorite". We take a final look at KATIE with the setting sun at her back and see she is crying.
7) 0) text: We see the rising sun behind AOKEE's head as he raises a conch shell and blows it like a horn. He is dressed like Hawaiian prince. As the shot widens it reveals six males and two females dressed in Hawaiian native garb. ROBBIE And ALEX are amon several drummers with bamboos sticks in their hands that provide percussion for the Hawaiian war dance.
7) 53) dialog: Hard to blame them. No one told them they had to put their mouth on yours until the last minute. Yuck.
7) 58) text: ROBBIE just looks at both of them nods and sighs heavily the other grounds kids surround our winner in the backgro AOKEE and ALEX walk off. Suddenly TIFFANY appears.
7) 60) dialog: (shy but still very much smitten) Oh. Hey.
7) 62) dialog: Uh.   OK, I guess.      Kind of a tie.
7) 65) dialog: (intrigued) Party, huh? That sounds like fun.       I have to work until nine tonight.
7) 69) dialog: (hypnotised) K...
7) 70) text: She walks away. ROBBIE stands there a moment before wakin up and leaving also. 66        INT. EVENING - AOKEE'S SURF &amp; SNACK SHACK It is dark. We see ALEX and AOKEE cleaning up from the da food service. ALEX Is wiping down the smoothie area, AOKE is sweeping on the other side of the counter.
7) 79) text: ALEX disappears back into the kitchen. AOKEE goes to an empty table under the one light on in the dining area and sits down. ALEX comes back and ROBBIE follows.
7) 80) dialog: Hey. I'm done with the pots and pans. It's almost nine. Can I take off now?
7) 82) text: ROBBIE sits down.   So does ALEX.   Robbie looks at both gets suspicious.
7) 83) dialog: Everything OK?
7) 85) dialog: Well, Tiffany invited me to a little party up in the mountains.
7) 87) dialog: It's no big deal.   I'll be fine.
7) 89) dialog: But...
7) 91) dialog: (disbelief) Aw, come on...
7) 94) dialog: Maybe she's just letting him down easy.
7) 96) dialog: Like what?
7) 98) dialog: Naw. You guys are nuts.      She's not like that.
7) 100) dialog: Look, I know what to believe and what not to. I'm not that easily fooled.
7) 104) dialog: Sure. He's great. I love working here. Aokee, you've been real good to me...
7) 106) text: AOKEE'S head is down in his hands. Robbie looks stunned.
7) 110) dialog: Aokee?
7) 112) dialog: (to Alex) And you knew?
7) 116) dialog: (looking at his watch) I need to think about all this.
7) 119) dialog: (gets up, dazed) Right. Goodnight.
7) 120) text: ROBBIE leaves.     ALEX and AOKEE just sit, looking at ea other.
9) 5) dialog: (looking in the same direction) What you lookin' at?
9) 7) dialog: I slept fine. (pause as AOKEE and ALEX wait) I decided I'm not my father. I don't run out on the people I care about just because some blond shakes her ta-ta's at me.
9) 9) text: ROBBIE picks up his board, and they begin walking toward bleachers. ALEX stops and turns suddenly.
9) 11) text: He is in ROBBIE's way.        ROBBIE pushes him with his
9) 12) dialog: Get going!
9) 17) text: MELINDA grabs her board and begins paddling out. The wave comes and it's all she can do to stay on her board. She struggles and falls at the end. She will clearly not be a factor. The big screen shows a 0 in a column after the grounds score. We look back to the bleachers to polite applause, but the COLONEL and the grounds kids are clearly disappointed. COWBOY is out there now, the wave comes and he catches it easily. He rides the wave gracefully and well, and kicks at the end. The big screen shows an 8 in the lifeguard ro The lifeguards and RICHARD are cheering now. ROBBIE is next. He catches the wave and rides it more aggressively than COWBOY, but nearly falls at the end of run. The big screen shows an 8. The concessions kids and AOKEE are very enthusiastic. They can see they have a cha with ROBBIE. PIPEMAN is watching from a far corner. MELINDA begins her second run. She is a little more confident this time, but still seems barely able to stand ride the wave. More polite applause, and the big screen shows a 5. COWBOY catches his wave, and tries to imitate ROBBIE'S mo aggressive style, but falls midway through the run. We he a large gasp from the crowd as this happens. The crowd applauds politely, and the guards are supportiv but disappointed. We see the JUDGES confer and the big sc shows a 0. ROBBIE gets his wave, and surfs it aggressively again, th time not nearly falling at all. The JUDGES nod approvingl and confer. The big screen shows a 9. The crowd goes wild especially the concessions kids. Melinda begins her final run. She does better than the pa two, but not significantly. The JUDGES confer and the scr shows a 5. The ground kids are very disappointed, they kn they are out of it now. THE COLONEL shakes MELINDA'S hand and thanks her for her efforts. Page 74 of 81 COWBOY gets his wave, and has clearly decided to go back his original style; he rides the wave gracefully, but tak no chances. He kicks out at the end with a wave and a smile. The guar applaud, hoping to make it seem better than it was, and t JUDGES confer and the screen shows an 8. ROBBIE snags his wave and rides it aggressively again, bu loses his balance momentarily. It costs him; the JUDGES confer and the screen shows a 7. The concessions kids applaud, and the point totals show "Grounds   98", "Concessions 102" and "Lifeguards 102". EVERYONE is confused, there has never been a tie before. JUDGES Are flipping through papers, and BIG MIKE steps up the microphone.
9) 21) text: Everybody cheers...they're going to see some more great surfing. The JUDGES signal COWBOY and ROBBIE to come over. The hea JUDGE takes a quarter out of his pocket and points to COW to call it. It lands and the JUDGE looks at it. HE points to ROBBIE.
9) 23) dialog: Second.
9) 25) text: 70        EXT -MOMENTS LATER - AOKEE'S SURF &amp; SNACK S Page 75 of 81 ROBBIE, ALEX, AOKEE and PIPEMAN have gathered in front of AOKEE's to strategize.
9) 27) dialog: Don't want to win with him falling.
9) 30) dialog: (shakes his head) Actually, that's exactly what I'm thinking. It's the reason we're in a tie. I've been too conservative. I've got to do everything I can, or just forget about it. It's all or nothing. (pause) We gotta pull the fin.
9) 33) dialog: (explaining) One time, these tourists from Japan on the beach at La Jolla offered me a hundred bucks to do a full spin at the top of the wave, and then slide down and cut back and do a full back flip. I pulled it off. A friend of mine had a tricks board with just a single fin and foot pockets.
9) 35) dialog: You got duct tape?
9) 39) text: They place the board on a table. ROBBIE pulls off two sma pieces of tape and places them on the board.
9) 40) dialog: Here and here.
9) 43) dialog: Pipeman is taking the extra fins off my board. I only need one to make a deep cut back. He is also putting some pockets to slip my feet into so when I flip upside down, I don't lose the board.
9) 45) dialog: A back flip. You guys see it on snowboarders here all the time, I'm sure.
9) 48) dialog: Yeah, well, a tie is like kissing your sister.
9) 52) dialog: (to PIPEMAN) I'll need the biggest wave you can give me...
9) 55) text: He hands Robbie the board. ALEX heads back to the bleache area, PIPEMAN goes to the pumphouse in back of Thunder Ba AOKEE hangs back with ROBBIE and speaks to him alone.
9) 57) text: AOKEE smiles and pats him on the back.    Robbie nods. head for the bay.
9) 60) dialog: I'm just making this up as I go along.
9) 62) text: ROBBIE appears on the seawall holding his board and looki out first at the bay, then at the crowd. His mom, CONNIE waves, and he smiles weakly. HE sees KATIE and she looks hopeful. She hasn't given up him completely. He smiles at her and gets into the water. He begins paddling. It seems to take forever for him to g out to the spot where he catches the wave, but he finally arrives. He sits there for a moment, collecting himself, then rais his hand to signal he is ready. The CONCESSIONS KIDS have started to chant, ROBBIE! ROBBI The guards are anxious, but even they can't help moving t the cadence of the chant. The wave comes and he catches it quickly, and slips his f into the duct tape pockets. He misses one pocket at first then gets it in. He rides it carefully and at the right moment slides up t Page 78 of 81 the top and executes a full 360 degree turn out of the wa On landing back on the downside of the wave, he slides do it quickly, and then turns around with a deep cut and hea straight into the wave. At the top he bounces and does a complete back flip in slow motion. We see the crowd also in slow motion. AOKEE Is covering h eyes, he can't watch. ALEX's face is contorted with disbelief. Various faces in the crowd are in open-mouthed disbelief. THE JUDGES are staring intently, focussed so a not to miss anything. ROBBIE lands the flip, and rides the rest of the wave. waves to the crowd, and kicks off, exhausted. The place goes nuts. No one here has ever seen anything l this before. AOKEE and ALEX run into the water and help h out. People are still cheering. COWBOY knows he's in trouble. THE JUDGES confer only momentarily and the score 10 appea and the word concessions starts flashing along with the w winner. COWBOY nods in agreement. TIFFANY says something to him, and he appears angry. only hear part of his response, something like:
9) 66) text: COWBOY shakes ROBBIE's hand, and ROBBIE speaks at the mik
9) 67) dialog: (holding trophy) I just want to thank Aokee, Alex and Katie for all their support.
9) 69) dialog: And I have just one thing to say to everyone in concessions. WE DID IT!
9) 70) text: ROBBIE holds the trophy high as everyone cheers. Page 79 of 81
10) 4) dialog: I don't know...we have a pretty good time at AOKEE's.
10) 6) text: ALEX, ROBBIE, KATIE and AMY all say these lines pretty mu at the same time.
10) 7) dialog: You wouldn't like it...
10) 18) text: EDDIE waves his hand for HER to scoot over so he can driv She is surprised, but does, almost reflexively. He gets i and he looks at ALEX, ROBBIE, KATIE and AMY grinning broa as he pulls away. ALEX, ROBBIE, KATIE and AMY just watch in stunned silence EDDIE and TIFFANY drive off.
10) 21) dialog: You know Katie, I really am sorry I was such a jerk this summer.
10) 23) dialog: Alex?
10) 25) dialog: I'm gonna need to borrow twenty bucks.