4) 57) text: Page 9 of 81 direction. (to ROBBIE with feigned excitement) You get to meet The Colonel!
4) 81) dialog: (looking up from clipboard) Well, it looks like we have a good staff here. Yes...yes a good staff. It will be an excellent summer. Remember as we go through training today, our park is judged by the work WE do. If we do it well, the people come back. (walking up and down the line) We have a little tradition here on the grounds crew. Rather than having to learn a lot of names, many of which I can never hope to pronounce properly, each grounds crew member gets a grounds crew nickname. You will be known by that nickname in every way except, of course, your paycheck and employee records.
4) 82) text: THE COLONEL looks over his paperwork.
4) 83) dialog: Let's see, what do we    have? Hmm...yes. OK, first up is Eddie    Cochran. Your grounds crew nickname    will be.....Eddie!
4) 84) text: EDDIE smiles knowingly. This has been his grounds crew nickname for the last 8 years, mostly because he would ne answer to anything else, and THE COLONEL gave up trying.
4) 85) dialog: Now crewmembers, listen up. Eddie here has eight years experience on the grounds crew. Why, I'd like to think there isn't anything, any situation that Eddie hasn't faced. Listen to him. Learn from him. Watch what he does. This man is the finest, most conscientious grounds crewman we've ever had.
4) 86) text: EDDIE is beaming with pride now. THE COLONEL pulls a bran new toilet plunger from the cart nearby and hands it to EDDIE. EDDIE shoulders it as if it were a rifle. THE COLONEL walks down the line.
4) 87) dialog: Let's see...Clark? Hmmm. Your grounds crew nickname will be....Sparky.
4) 88) text: It is all ROBBIE can do not to laugh. THE COLONEL goes on the next kid, SKEETER who is tall, skinny and goofy-looki SKEETER'S eyes are faced forward, but something catches t His eyes follow an unseen object as we begin to hear a sm mosquito. Finally his eyes follow it until he looks, cros eyed at his own nose. THE COLONEL has taken note of this and is following it to SKEETER can take no more, and brushes it off his nose as makes a face. Page 12 of 81
4) 90) dialog: Hmmm.....your grounds crew nickname will be.....Skeeter.
4) 91) text: THE COLONEL steps over the cart and gets another new plun and hands it to SKEETER who follows EDDIE's lead. Next in line is a short, chubby lad, SNITCH. As THE COLON approaches him, a quick sound of passing gas is heard. THE COLONEL is startled, and SNITCH makes a quick finger motion indicating the culprit is SKEETER, next to him.
4) 92) dialog: (looking at the clipboard) Bradley, is it? OK, Mr. Bradley.....your grounds crew nickname will be Snitch.
4) 93) text: SNITCH shows his dismay with a frown. THE COLONEL has run out of new plungers already and is forced to move to one last year's leftovers, which look somewhat depressing. He gets one and give it to SNITCH, who looks at it, makes face, and decides not to shoulder it. ROBBIE is so depres he looks like he's about to pass out. His worst fears have been realized.    His summer is pass before his eyes. There's only one more person, a young 14 year-old girl, t before ROBBIE. THE COLONEL addresses her.
4) 94) dialog: Melinda Tally. Hmmm... your grounds crew nickname will be... (thinking)
4) 97) dialog: (thinking, staring) Alex, isn't it?
4) 99) dialog: Well, no, I didn't think it was..
4) 101) dialog: Well, it really wasn't much of a...
4) 103) dialog: Well, I suppose when you put it that way...
4) 105) dialog: Yes....I remember now.....what was your grounds nickname...?
4) 107) dialog: Film?
4) 109) dialog: (to himself) I never forget a grounds nickname....
4) 111) dialog: Page 14 of 81 (concerned) Aokee, good God, man...are you OK?
4) 124) dialog: Good God, man, what are you trying to say?
4) 127) dialog: (looking at clipboard) Zirpollo? Well this is highly irregular...
4) 131) dialog: Most annoying....
4) 133) dialog: Never happened before....
4) 135) dialog: Spa....what? (exasperated) Well, if he was supposed to be assigned to you, we'll just have to let him go...
4) 139) dialog: Very well.     We'll just have to make-do.
4) 140) text: THE COLONEL goes back to the girl MELINDA he was about to nickname before the interruption, but is staring after AL AOKEE and ROBBIE as they walk off. He looks at MELINDA. H looks back at ALEX &amp; company. It hits him.
4) 141) dialog: (remembering) Snafu.
4) 143) dialog: His grounds crew nickname.     I remember it now. Snafu.
9) 17) text: MELINDA grabs her board and begins paddling out. The wave comes and it's all she can do to stay on her board. She struggles and falls at the end. She will clearly not be a factor. The big screen shows a 0 in a column after the grounds score. We look back to the bleachers to polite applause, but the COLONEL and the grounds kids are clearly disappointed. COWBOY is out there now, the wave comes and he catches it easily. He rides the wave gracefully and well, and kicks at the end. The big screen shows an 8 in the lifeguard ro The lifeguards and RICHARD are cheering now. ROBBIE is next. He catches the wave and rides it more aggressively than COWBOY, but nearly falls at the end of run. The big screen shows an 8. The concessions kids and AOKEE are very enthusiastic. They can see they have a cha with ROBBIE. PIPEMAN is watching from a far corner. MELINDA begins her second run. She is a little more confident this time, but still seems barely able to stand ride the wave. More polite applause, and the big screen shows a 5. COWBOY catches his wave, and tries to imitate ROBBIE'S mo aggressive style, but falls midway through the run. We he a large gasp from the crowd as this happens. The crowd applauds politely, and the guards are supportiv but disappointed. We see the JUDGES confer and the big sc shows a 0. ROBBIE gets his wave, and surfs it aggressively again, th time not nearly falling at all. The JUDGES nod approvingl and confer. The big screen shows a 9. The crowd goes wild especially the concessions kids. Melinda begins her final run. She does better than the pa two, but not significantly. The JUDGES confer and the scr shows a 5. The ground kids are very disappointed, they kn they are out of it now. THE COLONEL shakes MELINDA'S hand and thanks her for her efforts. Page 74 of 81 COWBOY gets his wave, and has clearly decided to go back his original style; he rides the wave gracefully, but tak no chances. He kicks out at the end with a wave and a smile. The guar applaud, hoping to make it seem better than it was, and t JUDGES confer and the screen shows an 8. ROBBIE snags his wave and rides it aggressively again, bu loses his balance momentarily. It costs him; the JUDGES confer and the screen shows a 7. The concessions kids applaud, and the point totals show "Grounds   98", "Concessions 102" and "Lifeguards 102". EVERYONE is confused, there has never been a tie before. JUDGES Are flipping through papers, and BIG MIKE steps up the microphone.