4) 37) text: WE SEE TIFFANY and her two friends are quickly given thei uniforms by the attendants, as they ignore the kids who h waited in line.
4) 454) dialog: (trying to dance out of it) Oh, daddy. You know how jealous people get.
4) 456) dialog: (protesting) But I'm not just another lifeguard.
4) 458) dialog: All right.     What do you expect me to do?
4) 460) dialog: (thinking a moment) Fine. I'll work it.
4) 462) dialog: (nodding, but we don't believe her) Oh, Daddy. Don't worry about a thing.
4) 503) text: They continue to dance. WE SEE BIG MIKE talking to TIFFAN and gesturing broadly. TIFFANY is clearly not agreeing wi what he is saying. COWBOY is nowhere to be seen. Suddenly throws up her hands and marches over to the dance floor w EDDIE is standing alone, swaying a bit to the music. She whispers something in his ear, and EDDIE'S eyes get r big as she leads him by the hand to the middle of the dan floor. She wraps her arms around EDDIE and they dance, al the while glaring at her father. EDDIE knows a good thing when he sees it, and quickly set in, Big Man on Campus. TIFFANY is taller than he is, so h happily puts his head on HER shoulder. BIG MIKE looks back at them, not happy with the way it happened, but satisfied. DOUG FITZGERALD (twenty bucks DOUG) is dancing with a gir when ALEX, doing some kind of fancy spin to AMY, bumps in him.
5) 40) dialog: (concerned) How good?
5) 42) dialog: (really concerned) That's terrible. You're the Surfer King.
5) 44) dialog: This can't happen.   What are we gonna do?
5) 46) dialog: This may take a lot more than extra practice.
5) 48) text: TIFFANY grabs the binoculars and stares down at Thunder B WE SEE gears turning in her head.
5) 60) text: Just then they both nearly run headlong into TIFFANY.
5) 61) dialog: Well, hello Robbie.
5) 64) dialog: Of course I know you. It's my father's park, I try get to know everyone.
5) 66) dialog: Yes, I'm sure you are. (ignoring ALEX, back to Robbie) It's been a while since I've been to Aokee's. Do you suppose if I come down in a little while you could make some of that special chicken, what is it?
5) 68) dialog: Yes...and one those smoothies I hear so much about?
5) 70) dialog: It's a date then.    See you later!
6) 4) text: WE SEE in a far corner of AOKEE's TIFFANY and ROBBIE in a Page 59 of 81 animated, engaging conversation.
6) 9) text: WE SEE TIFFANY and ROBBIE again, and TIFFANY is laughing loudly at some joke ROBBIE has made.
6) 11) dialog: (waving him over) Robbie!
6) 18) text: WE SEE ROBBIE and TIFFANY drive out the gate.     We see walk slowly out of the park alone. As she is walking, we flash back to scenes of KATIE and Page 60 of 81 ROBBIE together, dancing and laughing. This time the danc moves to the song of Allison Krause's "New Favorite". We take a final look at KATIE with the setting sun at her back and see she is crying.
7) 58) text: ROBBIE just looks at both of them nods and sighs heavily the other grounds kids surround our winner in the backgro AOKEE and ALEX walk off. Suddenly TIFFANY appears.
7) 59) dialog: Hi Robbie.
7) 61) dialog: How's your team doing?
7) 64) dialog: Well, I think you're going to take care of that tomorrow morning. In fact, I've planned a little celebration in advance. We're going to this incredible party up in the foothills at some friends of mine.
7) 66) dialog: That's perfect. I'll come back here and pick you up.
7) 68) dialog: Oh, and Robbie...call your mom and tell her you're spending the night at Alex's or something. It's going to be a very special night.
9) 62) text: ROBBIE appears on the seawall holding his board and looki out first at the bay, then at the crowd. His mom, CONNIE waves, and he smiles weakly. HE sees KATIE and she looks hopeful. She hasn't given up him completely. He smiles at her and gets into the water. He begins paddling. It seems to take forever for him to g out to the spot where he catches the wave, but he finally arrives. He sits there for a moment, collecting himself, then rais his hand to signal he is ready. The CONCESSIONS KIDS have started to chant, ROBBIE! ROBBI The guards are anxious, but even they can't help moving t the cadence of the chant. The wave comes and he catches it quickly, and slips his f into the duct tape pockets. He misses one pocket at first then gets it in. He rides it carefully and at the right moment slides up t Page 78 of 81 the top and executes a full 360 degree turn out of the wa On landing back on the downside of the wave, he slides do it quickly, and then turns around with a deep cut and hea straight into the wave. At the top he bounces and does a complete back flip in slow motion. We see the crowd also in slow motion. AOKEE Is covering h eyes, he can't watch. ALEX's face is contorted with disbelief. Various faces in the crowd are in open-mouthed disbelief. THE JUDGES are staring intently, focussed so a not to miss anything. ROBBIE lands the flip, and rides the rest of the wave. waves to the crowd, and kicks off, exhausted. The place goes nuts. No one here has ever seen anything l this before. AOKEE and ALEX run into the water and help h out. People are still cheering. COWBOY knows he's in trouble. THE JUDGES confer only momentarily and the score 10 appea and the word concessions starts flashing along with the w winner. COWBOY nods in agreement. TIFFANY says something to him, and he appears angry. only hear part of his response, something like:
10) 2) dialog: Another summer gone. How about it Robbie? You gonna guard next year?      They could use your help.
10) 5) dialog: You know, that's what I hear. Maybe I should work there next summer.
10) 11) dialog: Maybe you're right.    See you around...
10) 15) dialog: (feeling charitable, warmly) Hello, Eddie.
10) 16) text: EDDIE shows there is nothing in his hands, then reaches i the car and from behind TIFFANY's ear pulls a plastic Eas Egg out. He hands it to her, and she opens it. A beautifu butterfly flies out and away. She is momentarily entrance
10) 17) dialog: You know, that's one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen. (pause, thinking, what the heck) Hop in Eddie, let me give you a ride home.
10) 18) text: EDDIE waves his hand for HER to scoot over so he can driv She is surprised, but does, almost reflexively. He gets i and he looks at ALEX, ROBBIE, KATIE and AMY grinning broa as he pulls away. ALEX, ROBBIE, KATIE and AMY just watch in stunned silence EDDIE and TIFFANY drive off.