1) 0) text: There is a montage of different corners. On each is a red white sign which says ONE WAY. On the last corner we see waiting. He is joined by three other children, a boy and girls. They are BOBBY, a budding criminal looking ten yea TRINA, a little girl who acts like she has her own apartm And KEISHA, who is shy. They begin walking together towar school. A PACK OF STRAY DOGS run through the street, some knocking over trash cans in search of food.
1) 1) dialog: What up Tre? You do your homework?
1) 3) dialog: Can I copy it? TRE — Hell no. Too bad you should have done it yourself.
1) 9) dialog: You a scarycat.
1) 11) dialog: I ain't afraid to get shot. Both my brothers been shot and they still alive. .
1) 15) dialog: I ain’t saying what. Do you want to see it or not? The kids all nod "Yes".
2) 0) text: There is a long row of garages. Among each port there is Piled up very high. One pile is sectioned off with vellow which reads “Do Not Cross!” There are more STRAY DOGS sni and licking the ground behind the yellow tape. Tre scares away while Bobby simply pulls the tape away and leads the into the pile.
2) 2) dialog: I know who was doing the shooting last night. . (CONTINUED)
2) 11) dialog: What do you think! Somebody got smoked! Look at the holes in the wall! You stupid!
2) 14) dialog: What’s plasma?
2) 25) dialog: What's wrong with her?
3) 29) dialog: Yeah, I know dat. I heard it in a song once.
3) 31) dialog: I ain't from Africa, I'm from Crenshaw Mafia! He throws up a gang sign.
3) 33) dialog: I ain't from no Africa. You from Africa! You African booty scratcher! The class laughs, Tre saves face by throwing some of them nasty look. They quickly become silent.
3) 39) dialog: I'll get my brother to shoot you in the face!
3) 41) dialog: I ain't nobody's bitch, you a bitch, Bitch! You a bitch, your - daddy's a biteh and your momma's a bitch! Bitch} . Suddenly, Tre strikes Bobby in the head with the pointe go head-up into a brawl. Mrs. Olaf attempts to pull them The rest of the class is up in arms instigating on one si another.