22) 0) text: Where we see a young girl about the same age helping her pull groceries out the back of their car. She has long ha which is bound in one large pigtail and wears what looks a the uniform of a private school.. This is BRANDI, the neighborhood sweetheart. TRE (¥.0.) Who's that?
22) 5) dialog: Returns his interested glance with a smile.
25) 52) dialog: Seems most affected by Tre's presence.
25) 84) dialog: (with attitude) Yes, The other two girls look over at her as if she appeared i puff of smoke, (CONTINUED)
25) 97) dialog: Who has a full plate.
25) 99) dialog: Hello. Why you ain't called me in five days? There is uneasy space between them. Tre decides to let it In the background the guys rush the food. .
39) 7) dialog: I dunno...you should ask him Tre comes back out into the doorway.
39) 11) dialog: What's wrong with you? (CONTINUED)
39) 15) dialog: You heard me. Stop acting stupid and look at me. She grabs him and begins hitting him.
39) 16) dialog: Look at me!
39) 21) dialog: You're my problem, And for your information I ain’t no girl. I’m a woman.
39) 23) dialog: Why the silent treatment? You haven't talked to me in a week. T eall and you tell your daddy to say you're not home. I call again you take the phone off the hook.
39) 25) dialog: Oh don’t give me no bald ass excuse for a lie like that. What did I do? What’ was so bad that you oe just stop talking to me? (CONTINUED)
39) 31) dialog: I told you about that. I'm Catholic, it goes against my morals. Tre goes over to the porch and sits down, (CONTINUED)
39) 36) dialog: I want to wait till I get married...But you can’t live with that, huh? Tre nods his head. She gets up to go into the house. Just as she opens the d
39) 37) dialog: Well forget you then! Tf quess you need to find some less than cheap tramp to open her thighs for you. Tre stops her. She does so reluctantly. Anger fuses the light in her eye 8FLIX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE.
39) 41) dialog: I want to go to college before I get married and there is no guarantee that I'm gonna marry you. Shoot, I don't even want no babies. You haven't even given me a ring,
39) 43) dialog: But you're ready to act like we're Married though, tight?
39) 50) dialog: Me too. They come closer and kiss. It is a long juicy kiss.
41) 0) text: Where Tre bathroom s: is on the PHONE with Brandi. Furious is in the having, There is shaving cream on his face everytime he pokes his head in this scene.
48) 0) text: We see many black students, all high schoolers. Our atten is drawn to Tre, Ricky, Brandi, and Shanice all of which sitting in different sections of the room. At the front o room a man is dictating the rules of the test. Another wo his assistant is passing out test booklets. . *
48) 7) dialog: Whisks away answers with ease. Doing calculations in her She marks correct answers at a rate of one every ten seco
49) 0) text: Where Tre, Brandi, Rick and Shanice are driving home. Ric sitting in the backseat looking out of the window much li was in the previous scene. No one says a word. Tre starts up. (CONTINUED)
49) 5) dialog: It was easy. I had a book to study by. Tre looks in the rear view mirror at Ricky‘s face.
49) 9) dialog: I'm gonna see you tonight right?
49) 11) dialog: Okay. . She gives him a long goodbye kiss. Ricky rolls his eyes i background. Shanice looks at Tre and Brandi real close al breaking up their kiss then she turns to look at Ricky. I background Tre and Brandi kiss through their dialogue.
49) 21) dialog: - . {to Tre as they stop kissing) See you tonight. Bye y’all. Brandi gets out. There is a pause Shanice is still sitting in the car.
57) 2) dialog: Slowly rises as we follow her into the living room toward front door. We hear a knock once more.
57) 6) dialog: You're late. I thought something might have happened to you. They share a warm embrace.
57) 8) dialog: I'm tired of hearing them shooting alla time. (more) (CONTINUED)
57) 15) dialog: What‘s so funny? .
57) 17) dialog: You can cry in front of me. Brandi rubs his eyes, he rubs hers. They laugh some more stand.
57) 18) dialog: In Tre's arms, she puts her hand on his ass. (CONTINUED)
57) 22) dialog: ¥ou need a booty. I gotta have something to hold onto. (CONTINUED)
57) 28) dialog: No. She woulda heard all that noise you made if she was.
57) 33) dialog: What...are you trying to ask me something?
57) 35) dialog: I think it could be good...if two “people really love each other.
57) 37) dialog: Yeah. Are you?
57) 47) dialog: Does the same. TRE'S “HANDS Caress Brandi's back and smoothly make their way towards loosening her bra.
57) 50) dialog: (moaning) I don't wanna get pregnant.
57) 60) dialog: Yes.
57) 64) dialog: No you don’t. (a beat) Here, let me do it. We see Tre rise up as she puts him in position, then he l himself and sighs in pleasure. 8FLIX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE.
72) 31) dialog: Tre, Tre what happened. Did something happen to Rick? Did he get shot?! . Tre keeps walking.
72) 34) dialog: Talk to him. Rick just got shot. Furious closes the door to his car and walks towards his 8FLIX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE.
74) 0) text: Where Furious enters the doorway. He and Tre face off. In background Brandi can be seen peeking through.
74) 7) dialog: Runs into Tre’s arms and they both cry together. Tre trie wipe his tears away. He leads Brandi away into his room. in his room Tre and Brandi sit on the bed,
74) 8) dialog: I gotta go te the bathroom. (CONTINUED)
75) 0) text: Where Brandi is exiting. She goes back into Tre’s room wh he's nowhere to be seen, The window is open, She comes Cl and she can see Tre jumping into Dough Boy’s Impala. Bran out of Tre’s room and into the living room. *
81) 0) text: Where we sas Tre walking along. We follow him until he co ~ to the outside of Brandi’s house and pauses. We see his her house as some lights go off inside. Tre then keeps wa down to his own house. He is almost reluctant to enter hi yard. He musters up some energy and goes inte his house. ee OH