25) 5) dialog: Ricky you not watching this meat. All you doing is poking at it. (CONTINUED)
25) 12) dialog: That's how y'all got that one! Make sure she taking them pills I don't want a whole stack o' babies running around here. I'll be the “only one taking care of ‘em,
25) 55) dialog: That's good. The food will be ready in a moment. I'm going inside to bring out the rest of the stuff. Potato salad and things like that. Go on, everybody's here. Go talk to Darin...talk to him seriously. Maybe something you got will_rub off on him.
25) 90) dialog: Come ~ and = get - iti . Everybody comes in force to the table. Tre, Dough Boy a other guys move swiftly towards the table. When Chris lea the table it becomes apparent that the chair he was sitti is actually a wheelchair, a casualty of neighborhood warf He has lost the use of his legs. The group of men surroun table and it looks as though the women will be left out. does a double-take, taps Dough Boy on the shoulder and gi him a look.
40) 8) dialog: Darin! (CONTINUED)
45) 3) dialog: Ricky come on out of the bathroom! Shanice finishes his tie,
46) 0) text: Where Mrs. Baker stands near the doorway waiting for the to come into the house.
47) 12) dialog: Ri, my names Brenda. This is my other son Darin. Would you like : something? Coffee? Water?
47) 21) dialog: Why don't y'all sit down and talk? They do so. Mrs. Baker hints to Dough Boy and Shanice to so they may talk in private,
47) 78) dialog: My baby's going to a university. I always knew you would be about something. When you were a little boy you used to run around all the time with that football under your arm...I'm proud of you.
61) 64) dialog: Boy! Go get this girl some cornmeal. You should be happy somebody's cooking for your ass, I ain't. 98. 85 the armed forces (CONTINUED)
61) 87) dialog: Ricky come here let me see your face! -
61) 89) dialog: (turning back to call Ricky} Ricky! Ricky the test scores! The test scores.
72) 13) dialog: Girl, what the hell’s gotten into your ass? , She sees the blood on Rick, on Dough Boy and Tre.
72) 14) dialog: Tries to remain calm in the face of what will evidently l to hysteria. She looks at Dough Boy.
72) 15) dialog: What happened? What did you.do to my son? She goes over to Ricky’s bloodied body and then picks up phone and dials three digits.
72) 21) dialog: Sits down and joins Shanice in holding Rick’s limp body. Ricky is still crying at the top of his lungs. Dough Boy over to pick up his brother's little boy.
79) 0) text: Where Shanice holds Little Ricky in her arms. She rocks h and forth. Mrs. Baker walks by with a letter in her hand. that it is from the Testing Bureau. - cuT TO: