3) 0) text: The scene opens with a montage of overlapping images of childrens drawings of life in South Central L.A.. Some of are funeral scenes, helicopters, gang writing, fancy cars by dope dealers, ete. One drawing says “INCREASE THE PEAC We soon PULL BACK from the last drawing to reveal their l on the wall of the classroom and to reveal Tre drawing a of a Black superhero named BLACKMAN with a B on his chest The teacher is canducting a history lesson with a POINTER hand. This is MRS. OLAF a skinny frayed haired white lady her mid~forties. She is upset with her-position in the wo this is reflected in her condescending attitude towards h students, all of whom are Black and Hispanic.
3) 1) dialog: And so that's why we celebrate Thanksgiving, to commemorate the unity between the Indians-~cops-~ ~ I mean the Native Americans and the early English settlers who - were called....? Class?
3) 3) dialog: Yes, the Pilgrims! (CONTINUED)
3) 9) dialog: Who said that? 5A. (CONTINUED)
3) 11) dialog: Mr. Styles.
3) 13) dialog: Why is it you always have something funny to say?
3) 17) dialog: Very well then, come up here...and instruct us. © Tre cooly walks up to the map. Nearby Bobby sits. It is e that he is jealous. Tre has caught the.attention of the e class. .
3) 19) dialog: What will be the basis of your lecture?
3) 21) dialog: {enunciating) What are you going to talk about? (CONTINUED)
3) 38) dialog: Now, now boys, breathe in and out and count to ten, remember?! The two boys ignore her. The tension between them is flar
3) 42) dialog: Now, now, now! .Calm down!
3) 44) dialog: As her face turns tomato red, There is also more than eno fear in her eyes.
4) 1) dialog: Well its not as though he is a lost case, he's a highly intelligent little boy.
4) 7) dialog: Thank You. As I was saying he's highly intelligent, and his vocabulary is enormous, it's just...
4) 9) dialog: It's just he has a very bad temper, It makes it hard for him to interact with the other children. Maybe I can recommend therapy or a child psychologist or something.
4) 11) dialog: Is there some problem in the home? Are you employed?
4) 13) dialog: So you are educated? |
4) 18) dialog: Why not, may I ask?
5) 2) dialog: His father?