7) 0) text: We see eight boys playing street football, most Black, so Hispanic. Our attention settles om one of them. He is abo years of age and has light brown eyes. This is RICKY. In background several neighbors can be seen in front of thei watering their lawns or. just plain keeping watch on what going on.
8) 21) dialog: What's up, Tre. (CONTINUED)
20) 0) text: Where Tre enters the gate with some reluctance. Tre walks the porch and waits. We can hear the booming voice of Dou Boy's mother chewing him out. This is MS, BAKER, the moth Dough Boy and Ricky. The fact that the two boys have diff fathers drastically affects her parental outlook. She tre each differently one with love, the other with contempt.
21) 2) dialog: Excuse me Momma, ~ Tre runs aff the porch and into the yard to go out for a Ricky throws him one which he gracefully catches. Tre run towards him as if to fake him out. Ricky catches him and share a laugh.
21) 4) dialog: Ball in hand, stops as if he almost has to think out his it comes quickly. :
21) 5) dialog: Cause that's what I'm gonna be. (CONTINUED)
22) 3) dialog: She ain't your woman, that's my woman. DOUGH BOY . Bow can she be your woman when she my lady?
22) 13) dialog: Where's my ball? (he sees it) There it is.
22) 41) dialog: This ain’t the movies.
22) 52) dialog: Is in indecision, But he cannot resist showing off his ar throws the ball, RIC ROCK ° Catches the ball and throws Ricky a gang sign.
22) 60) dialog: Whe looks as though his heart has been taken away. The CA comes slowly towards him as Chris comes into frame from l and Dough Boy from the right to give their dialogue, Then to single of Tre who leads Rick away.
22) 63) dialog: . Shut up! JI don't care. Tell Momma.
22) 81) dialog: Stares at the older boys playing. Mad Dog catches the bal the others are beckoning him to throw it back to them.
22) 91) dialog: Runs into a position where he thinks it will come down. T is a look of nervana on his face. A thirty yard pass is c down right into his arms.
22) 92) text: Where time speeds back to normal. The ball comes down and Ricky square in the chest. He doesn't catch it. Tre recov the ball.
22) 95) dialog: What you gonna get? You ain’t got no money. DOUGH Boy I’m going anyway.
24) 8) dialog: They was stealing.
25) 3) dialog: Tenderly picks up his young son and continues to poke and the cooking meat.
25) 4) dialog: Cfmere. What you doing, huh? You want to learn how to barbecue? Suddenly, Mrs. Baker comes up. She looks almost unchanged years have treated her well.
25) 9) dialog: (lightly shrugging her off) Naw Shanice I got him. Go on back to talking to your friends. Mrs. Baker is observing this conservation out of the side her eyes and with one ear. We should get the feeling that limited space behind the Barbecue pit is making her uncomfortable.
25) 11) dialog: He ain't wet. So go on. Go on IT got ‘em. Wait a minute, C’mere. (she comes back and he gives her a real delicious kiss)
25) 102) dialog: Yo man, what's up? Looks like she wants to talk with you.
25) 104) dialog: Oh, so you trying run that game, huh?
25) 106) dialog: Uhh, you're doing fine but just one thing.
25) 112) dialog: Yo this some good tata salad, You on some of this.. Tre gives him a crazy look.
29) 0) text: We sea a row of customized Volkswagens. Our attention set on one of these where Tre is leaning against his blue V.w talking with Ricky and some other brothers. They turn aro to seé a group of FIVE GIRLS, cruising by in a V.W. Rabbi convertible, The girls step and the group of guys standin the curb move in a throng to talk to then. (CONTINUED)
32) 0) text: Where he is still in a thought mode. Ricky gets in on the passenger side. There is a long pause between them.
32) 1) dialog: What's wrong with you?
32) 3) dialog: Wanna bite? Tre nods in the negative.
32) 4) dialog: Guess what? Recruiter from SC's coming tonight.
32) 6) dialog: Never?
32) 10) dialog: Where's this come from?
32) 12) dialog: But you ain‘t. Is you? Tre nods a yes. o. TRE Well, technically speaking I haven't, I mean I've sucked some titties and finger banged a couple of hunnies but I never stuck it ne Ricky looks long at his friend. A piece of egg hanging of his lip. He licks it up.
32) 13) dialog: Why not? ‘¥ Tre looks at Ricky out of the corner of his eye.
32) 15) dialog: I asked didn't 1? TRE . {a beat) I was afraid. Ricky bursts into laughter. RICKY ~ . What you afraid of?
32) 17) dialog: Oh. (CONTINUED)
37) 0) text: Where Ricky and three other players run with speed toward barrier with four cushions. As they hit we hear a loud bo WE. ae cur TO:
45) 0) text: Where Ricky is hastily trying to tie his tie. Shanice is him,
45) 4) dialog: I'm coming right now.
47) 15) dialog: How ya doing? We met at the game ‘against Washington, right? 8FLIX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE.
47) 23) dialog: Here's my tape.
47) 26) dialog: That was against Banning, my junior year, We lost but I did pretty well in yardage. They had the best defense in the city last year. Crump nods his head in agreement. CRUMP . What are you interested in besides playing ball? (CONTINUED)
47) 31) dialog: What de you mean by that?
47) 33) dialog: Yeah, I heard that before. Yeah well, I think I'd be interested in majoring in business. I got this friend named Tre who's always talking about going into business and all. Plus, I like computers, maybe I can do that. What you think?
47) 57) dialog: Yeah I heard about that test.
47) 59) dialog: Yeah I guess so. Can't get into college without it, right?
47) 61) dialog: Okay. Little Ricky runs in the room only wearing a towel. He crosses in front of Crump and Ricky laughing and talki baby native tongue. Shanice follows closely behind trying chase her 8FLIX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE.
47) 65) dialog: Naw, that’s my son, (CONTINUED)
47) 79) dialog: Thank you, Momma. They hug each other. Ricky turns to walk past his mother. We follow with him a goes through the kitchen grabbing a scrap of meat off the and into his room. 64 INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT a4 Where Shanice we sea Shanice giving Little Ricky a bath. enters and comes close to the tub. Little Ricky splashes in his father’s face. *
48) 0) text: We see many black students, all high schoolers. Our atten is drawn to Tre, Ricky, Brandi, and Shanice all of which sitting in different sections of the room. At the front o room a man is dictating the rules of the test. Another wo his assistant is passing out test booklets. . *
48) 9) dialog: Is having big time problems. He holds his hand to his hea though this is giving him a headache. He looks up from th and out the window,
48) 13) dialog: Goes back to work on the test. We can still see the frust in his eyes. . CUT To:
49) 6) dialog: Man don't even ask me about that stupid test. All I want is a 700. I don’t care about nothing else.
49) 13) dialog: I kiss you.
49) 17) dialog: See, and I doen't even want no pussy right now. (CONTINUED)
49) 22) dialog: You can't walk across the street?! Shanice gets out of the car.
49) 24) dialog: When I feel like it! {as he gets in the front seat and slams the door.) Shanice walks across the Street..Mrs. Baker stands on the hoiding Little Ricky. Shanice takes her baby in her arms walks in the house.
49) 25) dialog: So what we gonna do now? TRE . I thought I'd go by Pops business, see if he'll buy me some food.
49) 28) dialog: Man, I can't believe you ain't flap skins yet with Brandi.
49) 33) dialog: That's bullshit, they all wanna bone, it's human, they just don't like admitting it to nobody except they girlfriends and all. You think you gaming on ‘em and they the ones that gaming you. That's cool though at least you know you ain't got no hootchie-momma cn your hands. cUuT TO: EXT. ALONDRA BOULEVARD ~ DAY a7 Where we see Tre's car driving along. They pass a sign wh reads “Welcome to Compton.” .
49) 34) dialog: Godamn, Mary, Jesus Christ, we in muthafuckin Compton. My brother was seeing this biscuit out here and she almost got him shot.
51) 2) dialog: (both mumble at once) Alright I guess.
51) 9) dialog: So Furious, what do you do, you help people get money for their homes, or what?
52) 0) text: Where Furious, Tre and Ricky get out of Furious car. They being viewed by more than a few gangstas sitting on the p of a home.
52) 1) dialog: I don't know about this Furious; got us walking in muthafucking Compton and all. They walk into a vacant lot.
52) 8) dialog: A billboard. (CONTINUED)
52) 24) dialog: Damn, Furious is deep. He used to be a preacher or something?
52) 30) dialog: My brother shoulda heard that. Woulda done him some good.
52) 32) dialog: Where else? Up on Crenshaw with the rest of those fools and their cars.
53) 31) dialog: . What y'all doing?
53) 34) dialog: I’m still trying to find out. Ferris moves towards Rick with aggression, Some female me of the cluh immediately try to intervene. All the members the Impala club jump out of their cars. Including Monster is parked in front of Dough Boy. -
56) 0) text: Where Tre and Ricky drive along in silence. They are both evidently upset.
56) 9) text: Where Tre's legs are kicked apart. Also on Ricky.
61) 54) dialog: Seems lost in his own world.
61) 55) dialog: Momma calling you, Daddy. Ricky looks at his son.
61) 56) dialog: I heard her. What?!!
61) 59) dialog: Yeah, yeah, I'll go in a little while.
61) 67) dialog: Alright! Alright! I'm going I'm going. a6 EXT. BAKER FAMILY HOME ~ DAY 86
61) 69) dialog: "D"® go to the store man get some cornmeal.
61) 71) dialog: She ain't my wife.
61) 73) dialog: 4 (yawning) . Fuck you.
61) 75) dialog: You better get outta my face! ad
61) 88) dialog: (frustrated and angry) “Naw, I’m going to the store! The mailman walks up to Mrs. Baker and gives her three en one of them is a letter from the SAT Testing Bureau. ©
62) 0) text: Where Tre and Ricky walk. Ricky is still pissed. TRE ‘ You thinking about what?! You gotta be a damn fool! (CONTINUED)
62) 4) dialog: {holding his face) . ® They say I can learn how to work computers and all that and they give me money for college.
62) 6) dialog: See I gotta think about my little boy and all. I don't wanna be like my brother and shit, hanging out not doing shit, end up dealing . cane just like him. I want do something be somebody,
63) 0) text: Where Tre and Ricky arrive. On the side of the store is a mural of a Korean dragon and a painted sign which reads " to Seoul Liquor." In front of the store we see several pe standing outside talking, laughing and getting drunk. We dissolve to the same scene minutes later where Tre and Ri leave. : 89 EXT, SIDEWALK - DAY — “ - 89 Where the two boys walk on the way back home. Ricky is scratching off three lottery tickets.
63) 2) dialog: Wait a minit, I’m trying to see. They stop while he scratches one off. (+ : (CONTINUED)
63) 7) dialog: Shit, nothing.
63) 12) dialog: I win the lottery I won't have to worry about a godamn thing. Den‘t haveta worry 'bout college, don’t haveta worry ‘bout no muthafucking 700 on the SAT. Don’t haveta worry ahout shit. Something catches Tre’s eye.
65) 2) dialog: Shut up! Stupid ass mutt.
66) 0) text: Where Ferris's car screeches at a fast pace speed. He pas Ricky’s house where Dough Boy and his friends sit drinkin just plain kicking it. Dough Boy is still holding his nec the blow his mother gave him. The car turns at the corner goes into the alley. ‘ MONSTER . That nigga roll up on the set one more time I swear I’m gonna fuck him up. (CONTINUED)
67) 0) text: Where Tre and Ricky jump from the walls into an alley. Th is much gang writing on all of the garages and walls in t alley. Both boys try to catch their breath. Ricky turns t urinate on a fence.
67) 1) dialog: I gotta drain da weasel. Wanna see me write my name?
67) 4) dialog: No, let's split up.
67) 8) dialog: Them fools ain’t gonna scwabble. They just trying to show out and shit. Besides we can run faster . separately.
67) 10) dialog: Okay. The two boys go up opposite sides of the alley. 95 INT. FERRIS‘S CAR ~ DAY 95 Where Ferris passes the shotgun to knucklenead#l, who che the barrel. 95,4 BACK TO ALLEY 95a
68) 0) text: Where Tre turns around to see Ricky down the alley. Stopp to scratch the ticket. At the edge of the alley Ferris’s cruises into view. Tre’s eyes widen.
68) 1) dialog: Is so into the ticket that he doesn’t notice that Ferris’ is right in front of him.
69) 4) dialog: Looks up from the Lottery Card just in time to see...
69) 8) text: Ricky is staggering trying to continue to run. (CONTINUED)
71) 1) text: Where Dough Boy pulls up in his car. Slowly and carefully and Tre pull Ricky’s body out of the passenger door, Soon Boy indicates to Tre that he can carry the whole load.
79) 0) text: Where Shanice holds Little Ricky in her arms. She rocks h and forth. Mrs. Baker walks by with a letter in her hand. that it is from the Testing Bureau. - cuT TO: