25) 8) dialog: I'll take him.
25) 80) dialog: That's Tre, Ricky's best friend. He used to be best friends with Dough Boy when they were little. They all be trying to act like they brothers and all.
45) 0) text: Where Ricky is hastily trying to tie his tie. Shanice is him,
45) 1) dialog: Stay still. Just stay still I got it.
47) 63) dialog: I‘m trying to give him a bath. C'mere!
48) 0) text: We see many black students, all high schoolers. Our atten is drawn to Tre, Ricky, Brandi, and Shanice all of which sitting in different sections of the room. At the front o room a man is dictating the rules of the test. Another wo his assistant is passing out test booklets. . *
48) 8) dialog: Is erasing the paper, leaving a large amount of eraser bi the paper which she blows away with her breath and then l . around to see if anyone is watching her embarrassment -
49) 0) text: Where Tre, Brandi, Rick and Shanice are driving home. Ric sitting in the backseat looking out of the window much li was in the previous scene. No one says a word. Tre starts up. (CONTINUED)
49) 7) dialog: I got a 700 the last time I took it in the eleventh grade. Ricky throws her a funny look which she throws back at hi They get to Brandi's house and she prepares to get out.
49) 12) dialog: How come you don't kiss me no more?
49) 14) dialog: Yeah you kiss me when you want some pussy. You act like an old married man. He takes her in his arms in a dip and kisses her. (CONTINUED)
49) 23) dialog: What time you gonna be home?
61) 50) dialog: Ricky! (CONTINUED)
61) 58) dialog: I need you to go to the store to get me some cornmeal. I can't fry the fish without...
61) 62) dialog: Ricky, I need some cornmeal!
61) 84) dialog: Brenda! Ricky and Dough Boy out here fighting! Mrs. Baker runs out of the house straight towards the two men. .
79) 0) text: Where Shanice holds Little Ricky in her arms. She rocks h and forth. Mrs. Baker walks by with a letter in her hand. that it is from the Testing Bureau. - cuT TO: