1) 0) text: There is a montage of different corners. On each is a red white sign which says ONE WAY. On the last corner we see waiting. He is joined by three other children, a boy and girls. They are BOBBY, a budding criminal looking ten yea TRINA, a little girl who acts like she has her own apartm And KEISHA, who is shy. They begin walking together towar school. A PACK OF STRAY DOGS run through the street, some knocking over trash cans in search of food.
2) 0) text: There is a long row of garages. Among each port there is Piled up very high. One pile is sectioned off with vellow which reads “Do Not Cross!” There are more STRAY DOGS sni and licking the ground behind the yellow tape. Tre scares away while Bobby simply pulls the tape away and leads the into the pile.
3) 0) text: The scene opens with a montage of overlapping images of childrens drawings of life in South Central L.A.. Some of are funeral scenes, helicopters, gang writing, fancy cars by dope dealers, ete. One drawing says “INCREASE THE PEAC We soon PULL BACK from the last drawing to reveal their l on the wall of the classroom and to reveal Tre drawing a of a Black superhero named BLACKMAN with a B on his chest The teacher is canducting a history lesson with a POINTER hand. This is MRS. OLAF a skinny frayed haired white lady her mid~forties. She is upset with her-position in the wo this is reflected in her condescending attitude towards h students, all of whom are Black and Hispanic.
3) 10) text: Revised 9/24/30 g. ro 4 CONTINUED: The class laughs and points to Tre.
4) 0) text: We see Tre's small figure at the end of the street. In th foreground several young men are shooting craps. A few of get into a fight. Tre walks towards us through the whole We hear a phone conversation between his mother and Mrs.
5) 0) text: Tre walks through the front door on the tail end of his m conversation. Reva is in the foreground while Tre listens the background.
7) 0) text: We see eight boys playing street football, most Black, so Hispanic. Our attention settles om one of them. He is abo years of age and has light brown eyes. This is RICKY. In background several neighbors can be seen in front of thei watering their lawns or. just plain keeping watch on what going on.
10) 0) text: Where Tre washes his hands. With curiosity he slowly open shower curtain to reveal,
11) 0) text: Furious has a weight lifting bench press in the center of living room. He lays on the bench pressing what looks to hundred pounds up and down. Tre picks up a small wrist we and tries to emulate his father. - FURIOUS . (between lifts) Listen....I gotta lay down the “xules of the house, Same thing as the weekends, you remember? Tre nods a Yes. : -
11) 13) dialog: What do you have to do around here?
17) 1) dialog: Who is still in slumberland.
20) 0) text: Where Tre enters the gate with some reluctance. Tre walks the porch and waits. We can hear the booming voice of Dou Boy's mother chewing him out. This is MS, BAKER, the moth Dough Boy and Ricky. The fact that the two boys have diff fathers drastically affects her parental outlook. She tre each differently one with love, the other with contempt.
21) 0) text: Where Ms. Baker comes onto her porch to get a better look Tre as well as to see anything in the neighborhood that n seeing.
22) 0) text: Where we see a young girl about the same age helping her pull groceries out the back of their car. She has long ha which is bound in one large pigtail and wears what looks a the uniform of a private school.. This is BRANDI, the neighborhood sweetheart. TRE (¥.0.) Who's that?
22) 92) text: Where time speeds back to normal. The ball comes down and Ricky square in the chest. He doesn't catch it. Tre recov the ball.
24) 0) text: Where Furious and Tre ride. Tre is blowing his breath on window and watching it fog up. He makes one big fog spot writes his name in the moisture.
24) 12) text: As the car slowly goes past Tre and leaves him in the dis Dough looks back down as the sounds of siren get iouder a transcend us into... : DISSOLVE TO; BURN IN TITLE: Seven years later. The sounds of a police siren are mixed into the sound of making a police siren sound. 8FLIX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE.
25) 101) dialog: Joins Ricky at the table, both begin filling their plates
26) 0) text: Where Tre knocks on the door. The woman that answers is t and emaciated, a crack addict, pipe in hand and all. This SHERYL, a strawberry.
26) 6) dialog: Just keep her out the street. And change her diaper, girl almost smell worse than you. Tre walks away.
27) 0) text: Where Tre enters without looking, still shaking his head shame. CAR P.O.V. As Tre's figure in the street comes up fast.
28) 0) text: Where Tre enters. Furious is at the table writing checks bills. Tre puts both plates down for his father to see. (CONTINUED)
28) 21) dialog: Whatcha you mean?
29) 0) text: We sea a row of customized Volkswagens. Our attention set on one of these where Tre is leaning against his blue V.w talking with Ricky and some other brothers. They turn aro to seé a group of FIVE GIRLS, cruising by in a V.W. Rabbi convertible, The girls step and the group of guys standin the curb move in a throng to talk to then. (CONTINUED)
31) 0) text: Where Tre finishes his story.
32) 16) dialog: Of being a daddy. Ricky stops laughing.
36) 0) text: We see Tre immersed within a novel. On closer observation it is the Autobiography of Malcom X. He turns each page i anticipation of the next.
39) 1) dialog: In his car as he stops to think. 8FLIX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE.
41) 0) text: Where Tre bathroom s: is on the PHONE with Brandi. Furious is in the having, There is shaving cream on his face everytime he pokes his head in this scene.
43) 0) text: Where he sits on his bed. We notice the OPEN WINDOW with SOUNDS of street eminating into Tre's room. The flash of helicopter spotlight goes past. THE WINDOW . Where Tre closes it shutting off the SOUND.
44) 0) text: Where a 1989 Nissan Sentra turns at the corner and begins cruising down the street. cUuT TO:
48) 0) text: We see many black students, all high schoolers. Our atten is drawn to Tre, Ricky, Brandi, and Shanice all of which sitting in different sections of the room. At the front o room a man is dictating the rules of the test. Another wo his assistant is passing out test booklets. . *
48) 6) dialog: Calmly but steadily, does some scratch work before circli bubble.
49) 0) text: Where Tre, Brandi, Rick and Shanice are driving home. Ric sitting in the backseat looking out of the window much li was in the previous scene. No one says a word. Tre starts up. (CONTINUED)
50) 0) text: Is Furious Styles business. He specializes in Mortgage Lo and Insurance. Tre pulls his car outside the office.
52) 0) text: Where Furious, Tre and Ricky get out of Furious car. They being viewed by more than a few gangstas sitting on the p of a home.
56) 0) text: Where Tre and Ricky drive along in silence. They are both evidently upset.
56) 9) text: Where Tre's legs are kicked apart. Also on Ricky.
57) 16) dialog: I never thought I'd cry in front of a female before.
58) 0) text: Where Tre lays on his bed in his underwear. A bored look his face, He looks at the clock which reads 2:30am. His e wander around the room his world. They fall on ...
60) 0) text: Where Tre sits on a stylish leather couch. Flipping the T channels with a complex looking remote .control.
60) 20) dialog: What's wrong with me’and her seeing the world together? (CONTINUED)
62) 0) text: Where Tre and Ricky walk. Ricky is still pissed. TRE ‘ You thinking about what?! You gotta be a damn fool! (CONTINUED)
63) 0) text: Where Tre and Ricky arrive. On the side of the store is a mural of a Korean dragon and a painted sign which reads " to Seoul Liquor." In front of the store we see several pe standing outside talking, laughing and getting drunk. We dissolve to the same scene minutes later where Tre and Ri leave. : 89 EXT, SIDEWALK - DAY — “ - 89 Where the two boys walk on the way back home. Ricky is scratching off three lottery tickets.
65) 0) text: Where Tre walks balancing himself. On both sides of the w are TWO LARGE PIT BULLS. Both dogs are barking and flashi their sharp fangs.
67) 0) text: Where Tre and Ricky jump from the walls into an alley. Th is much gang writing on all of the garages and walls in t alley. Both boys try to catch their breath. Ricky turns t urinate on a fence.
68) 0) text: Where Tre turns around to see Ricky down the alley. Stopp to scratch the ticket. At the edge of the alley Ferris’s cruises into view. Tre’s eyes widen.
70) 0) text: Where he slowly rolls past Tre who is holding a dead Rick his arms. Dough Boy stops the car and calmly gets out. Al quiet. Dough Boy gets on his knees and looks at his broth He pulls Rick's dead body close to him. There are tears i his and Tre’s eyes.
71) 1) text: Where Dough Boy pulls up in his car. Slowly and carefully and Tre pull Ricky’s body out of the passenger door, Soon Boy indicates to Tre that he can carry the whole load.
73) 0) text: Where Tre looks under the bed and pulls out THE SHOEBOX h it to reveal his father’s .357 Magnum. Picking up a few b he gets up and walks into... ‘LIX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
74) 0) text: Where Furious enters the doorway. He and Tre face off. In background Brandi can be seen peeking through.
75) 0) text: Where Brandi is exiting. She goes back into Tre’s room wh he's nowhere to be seen, The window is open, She comes Cl and she can see Tre jumping into Dough Boy’s Impala. Bran out of Tre’s room and into the living room. *
78) 0) text: Where Dough Boy, Tre, Monster and Dooky ride along in sil Monster is preparing the hardware, Loading up an AK-47 as rifle. Our attention is drawn towards Tre. He looks at Do Boy, who doesn’t look back. (CONTINUED)
81) 0) text: Where we sas Tre walking along. We follow him until he co ~ to the outside of Brandi’s house and pauses. We see his her house as some lights go off inside. Tre then keeps wa down to his own house. He is almost reluctant to enter hi yard. He musters up some energy and goes inte his house. ee OH
84) 23) text: Yeah. He gets up, gives Tre a grip and turns to walk away. Tre him before he does.