3) 0) text: In front of the kitchen is a fruit orchard with a variety fruit trees. From outside we see inside MAFALDA at work i charge of the domestic duties of the place, and she is virtually a member of the family. One of the trees is shaking. In the dappled light under t tree we see ANCHISE reaching up into the limbs to pick th ripest peaches. They seem to glow within their foliage as long, gnarled fingers seek them out. He carefully places fruit he has picked in a basket.
8) 0) text: The same day. ELIO is sitting at a table in the shade of house, practicing his guitar. From where he sits he can s OLIVER ride up on his bike and dismount. He has to pass b ANCHISE, who is doing some garden work with small plants a ball of twine. OLIVER stops to watch and converses with ANCHISE in Italian.
8) 1) dialog: Non bisogna dare troppa acqua ai pomodori. (You dont want to douse the tomatoes with too much water)
8) 3) dialog: Si! Tomatos.. Se crescono troppo in fretta saranno pieni di semi. No good! (They will grow too fast. They will be mealy.) ELIO sees this but is too far away to hear what they say. 15 Later. OLIVER is lying on a towel spread on the grass nea reading a book, which we see is Heraclithus. He wears a g bathing suit and his straw hat. His belongings are spread around him: sun lotion, a note pad and pen, espadrilles. At the bottom of the stairs, in the middle of the field, PERLMANS and some FRIENDS in bathing suits are sitting ar an old stone drinking trough, now used to freshen up. The are always people coming and going at the Perlmans’ - friends, relatives, acquaintances of Elio, like Marzia. W don’t always learn who they are, but they give a sense of ever-moving inhabitants of the place. Oliver lowers his book and stares at ELIO, who is focused the fingerboard. ELIO raises his face to see if OLIVER li what he is playing, but OLIVER looks back without express almost coldly. Unsettled, ELIO breaks off for a moment, then returns to music-making, looking down. OLIVER, aware that he has cau ELIO to interrupt his flow, gets up and comes over to whe ELIO is sitting. ELIO is non-committal, hiding hurt feeli In a pause, OLIVER questions Elio about the piece that br off - who was it, or is it yours? Do I know it?... It sou like... ELIO hits some notes: This? Or that?
15) 7) dialog: (smiling) Si. Anchise takes the fish towards the kitchen. Meanwhile in studio the conversation continues.
23) 0) text: Later. ANCHISE is wiping the windshield of the Perlmans’ ELIO comes out just as CHIARA arrives on her bike. She as him where Oliver is.
38) 0) text: On the way to the shed to collect their bikes, they pass ANCHISE, who hands OLIVER his bike with a wry smile. OLIV smiles back.
38) 1) dialog: (Mixture of Italian and English) (I straightened the wheel. It took some doing. I also put air in the tires.)
83) 0) text: The same night. The Perlman house is mostly dark, the win shutters all closed. There is a little light out in the h next to the garage, where Anchise sleeps. We see him thro the window, sitting at a table working on something. He h taken some tool apart and is cleaning the pieces, filing edge of metal and so forth.
102) 0) text: The car comes through the gate. ANCHISE comes forward and offers to carry the backpack up to his room, ELIO tells h that backpacks should be carried by their owners.
102) 1) dialog: Il signor Ulliva 6 partito? (Has mister Ulliva left?) 139 140 141 88.
102) 3) dialog: Anche a me duole. (I too am saddened) . ELIO avoids his eyes, not wanting to encourage him to say anything further, and goes inside.