0) 1) dialog: (in Italian) Dove 6 Elio? (Where’s Elio?)
1) 0) text: At the end of the stairs ELIO sees OLIVER being walked to Professor Perlman’s study. Oliver’s suitcase and backpack on the floor nearby. ANNELLA sees Elio approaching and gestures towards them.
1) 1) dialog: (in Italian) Aiuta Oliver a portare le sue cose in camera tua. (Help bring Oliver’s things up to your room.) INT. PROFESSOR PERLMAN’S STUDY - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 3 ELIO enters his father’s studio. OLIVER, sitting on the s is having a glass of fresh water. Even if exhausted by th heat, he remains elegant and somewhat iconic. Professor PERLMAN introduces the two formally. They shake hands.
5) 2) dialog: Did you recover from your trip, caro?
5) 11) dialog: Pomegranate. MAFALDA returns with a pitcher of apricot juice on a litt tray and proceeds to fill Oliver’s glass. OLIVER tastes i then enthusiastically downs it. ELIO realizes he is stari at OLIVER, his head tipped back with his throat swallowin the juice, and notices the Star of David on a necklace ar his neck. OLIVER smacks his lips and begins to eat his se egg, giving it a sharp crack. MAFALDA brings him a third ANNELLA (CONT’D) Have another egg.
5) 16) dialog: When we visited Persia they called it Zardoulou. PROFESSOR PERLMAN, shrugging, spreads his hands as if to ‘Who can ever tell about these matters of present-day etymology?’. Through all this OLIVER has been listening carefully.
5) 24) dialog: Every year.
11) 8) dialog: (in Italian) C’é Zia Marcella e annessi per cena. Oliver si ferma con noi o esce stasera? (Aunt Marcella is coming to dinner with her tribe. Is Oliver in or out tonight?)
13) 0) text: Guests are gathering at the table. MAFALDA announces dinn and removes the cards from the table, putting things back order. PERLMAN makes a funny face. Two empty seats around table. The absence of Signor Ulliva is commented upon. MAFALDA asks ELIO, who just showed up, whether Oliver wil joining them. “Sono le otto passate” she says. ANNELLA appears from the living room, followed by her guests.
13) 1) dialog: (in Italian) Noi ci mettiamo a tavola (We’ll sit down) .
13) 5) dialog: Meanwhile, we’ll have to put up with him for six long weeks. Won’t we?
13) 8) dialog: (to Elio) Mio piccino! (My little one!) (to Mafalda) Pudé togliere i piatti di Mr. Oliver? (You can remove Mr. Oliver’s place setting away?) This is performed instantly and without a hint of regret. ELIO watches Oliver’s silverware, his place mat, glass, napkin, disappear as if he had never existed. ELIO grows thoughtful at the sudden violence of Mafalda’s action - m even involuntarily put his own hand out to stop her. The others take a seat. PERLMAN picks up his napkin to perfor trick for the children, wrapping it around his thumb.
14) 4) dialog: (In French) Pourquoi tu ne vas pas a Moscazzano avec les autres? (Why not to Moscazzano with the others?) 23 24 25 16.
14) 6) dialog: Go see your friends. Go out. Do something. Ne reste pas la comme une araignée sur le mur, mon chéri! (Don’t just be a spider on the wall, darling!) Spoiling everyone’s fun. A burst of laughter from the kids. Perlman returns from t bar holding glasses. The TEENAGE BOY pretends to be a spi and comes at his cousin waving his arms menacingly. ELIO gives in, and goes over to the piano. He starts playing a lively piece. INT. ELIO’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT 23 ELIO is on his bed, still dressed, in a restless half-sle He hears a noise outside and quickly strips off his cloth putting on his pajama bottoms. But no one comes, there ar sounds on the stairs or activity in the adjoining bathroo INT. ELIO’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - DAWN 24 A ray of sunlight hits ELIO’s sleeping face. He wakes and gets up. He goes over to the door that separates his room from Oliver's. He grabs the doorknob and is about to knoc but doesn't. He looks between the cracks of the door: he see Oliver sleeping, still in his clothes.
17) 0) text: ELIO observes OLIVER swimming in the narrow and long ston trough. ANNELLA is close, but she's moving away with a ba of freshly picked fruit. OLIVER comes out of the water wi his green swim trunks.
22) 7) dialog: Try later, what? PROFESSOR PERLMAN and OLIVER laugh, then the Professor changes the subject. 37 26.
33) 1) dialog: Have you seen my Heptameron?
33) 3) dialog: This version is in German, but I’1ll translate: Ein gut aus sehender junger Ritter ist wahnsinnig verliebt in eine Prinzessin. Sie auch ist in ihn verliebt. “,..A handsome young knight is madly in love with a princess. She too is in love with him... ...obwohl es so scheint, als sei sie sich nicht vollig ihrer eigenen Liebe bewusst. ...though she seems not to be entirely aware of it. Despite the friendship... Freundschaft... that blossoms between them, or perhaps because of that very friendship, the young knight finds himself so humbled and speechless that he is totally unable to bring up the subject of his love. One day he asks the princess point-blank: Ich bitte euch ratet mir was besser ist... reden oder sterben. ‘Is it better to speak or die’. The lights suddenly all go out in the house; the music fr long-playing record dies to a stop. There is a shout in t kitchen, MAFALDA.
33) 6) dialog: (nodding in agreement) Make new friends if the old ones don’t interest you but stop haning around the house all the time. Books, books, books, always books, et toutes ces partitions... (is all those score books)... play more tennis, go dancing more often with Chiara and Marzia - tu les aimes no? (you like them, don’t you?) Get to know people...
33) 8) dialog: Fai anche pazzie se devi. (Do crazy things if you must.) (Fais des folies, s’il le faut.)
48) 3) dialog: N’est il pas sorti? (Didn’t he go out?) MAFALDA exits from the kitchen. While ELIO goes to sit wi his mother.
48) 5) dialog: No grazie Mafalda, ceniamo tra poco. (No, thanks Mafalda, we’re going to dinner)
48) 10) dialog: (Smiling) Lasciamolo fare. (Let’s leave him) MAFALDA enters the kitchen. 66 67 Revision49. ANNELLA (CONT’D) Tu 1l’aimes bien, n’est-ce pas, Oliver? (You like him, don’t you? Oliver?)
48) 12) dialog: Il t’aime bien aussi - plus que toi, je pense. (He likes you too - more than you do, I think.)
48) 14) dialog: Non c’est celle d’Oliver. (No, it was Oliver's.)
48) 16) dialog: Il y a un moment. (A while ago.) ANNELLA caresses ELIO’s hair. He abruptly stands up. Then sits down again.
50) 0) text: The next day. ELIO is the last to arrive. He pretends to ignore OLIVER, who is cracking open the top of his soft- boiled egg. ANNELLA looks at OLIVER in a worried way:
50) 1) dialog: Guarda un po’ quanto sei pallido. (How gaunt you look!) PERLMAN looks up from his paper.
50) 17) dialog: Perhaps what Oliver needs is sleep, sleep, sleep.
55) 1) dialog: Our muvi star...
55) 3) dialog: And we will certainly miss you.
55) 6) dialog: Ennnnnni taaim...
58) 1) dialog: (engrossed) Not in here! ELIO gets up and goes into his father’s study, to his des at the telephone. He dials Marzia’s number and she answer
63) 1) dialog: And don’t forget Mr. Keller and Mr. Hodell are coming for dinner tonight. 90 91 63.
63) 4) dialog: I want you to wear the shirt they gave you for your birthday. It will make them happy.
70) 0) text: MARZIA leaves just before dinner time. ELIO comes down wi her as the evening guests pull up in their car: a GAY COU one tall and thin, the other short and rotund. Both are professors on holiday, and both are wearing purple shirts Each carries a bouquet of white flowers which they presen ANNELLA. ELIO introduces them to MARZIA. They speak terri Italian, one starting a sentence loaded with compliments, other having to finish it. ELIO leads them into the house MARZIA bikes off. INT. ELIO’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - EVENING 97 ELIO finds his father in his room going through all his s shirts hanging in the closet in order to pick out the unwanted present. He hands it to ELIO, who groans.
71) 0) text: ELIO bounds into the living room, where PERLMAN is servin LAUREL and HARDY champagne, making something of an entran They rise and salute him with their glasses, exclaiming a exchanging delighted glances as their host’s beautiful so descends in their midst wearing the shirt they had given PERLMAN and ANNELLA look at ELIO for a moment, as if seei him anew, then pour out a glass of champagne for him. On table in front of them are a number of big black and whit photographs of the bronze Boxer being pulled up out of th water.
81) 0) text: On the stairs he meets ANNELLA on her way up to nap and kisses her. She looks pleased by this unexpected show of affection from her teenage son. He eats a peach.
86) 0) text: From the open window of their bedroom the Perlmans can he Elio and Oliver talking. Not the words. But the tone of t conversation is undeniably intimate. ANNELLA is on a small sofa. PERLMAN is already in bed, th look at each other for a long moment. The off-screen voic are almost whispers, they continue. PERLMAN stands, moves sofa chair to be closer to his wife, then sits on it. He takes her hand and kisses it.
86) 2) dialog: Si, hanno una bella amicizia. (Yes. They have a beautiful friendship)
89) 0) text: By the pool. PERLMAN and ANNELLA sit at a table in their bathing suits having a drink. ELIO and OLIVER sit on the of the pool at the other end, their feet in the water.
89) 3) dialog: Oh... maybe Elio could go with him? It would be nice for them to get away for a couple of days. (beat Where would they stay?
89) 5) dialog: (laughing and pretendinf to be horrified) Oh, no! Let’s make them a hotel reservation. A pensione, oy! Perlman laughs with his wife.
91) 0) text: OLIVER puts his suitcases in the open trunk of a waiting coach. He is saying his goodbyes to the PERLMANS before h and ELIO get on it. ANNELLA kisses Oliver with great affection; PERLMAN shakes his hand warmly, all formality gone. Both say “Come back soon!" The driver closes the tr ELIO says goodbye to his parents, unable to hide an hones smile of happiness. Chiara arrives driving her bike to salute Oliver but the coach is leaving... The Perlmans and Chiara watch the coach drive away as Eli and Oliver take seats inside it.
101) 0) text: ANNELLA is with ELIO in the car. She is driving back to t villa. ELIO is silent. Oliver’s blue shirt is open over Elio's bare chest and blows in the wind. She looks at him. She reaches out with her free hand and caresses his cheek, the sweetest gesture. Elio’s face crumples. He starts to cry. She wipes his tea away with her free hand but he cannot stop.
106) 15) dialog: Why aren’t you here? When are you coming? Elio misses you terribly, going around all the time with such a long face! She and PERLMAN exchange greetings with OLIVER.
106) 23) dialog: E questo? (This one?) But Elio is not interested in this. They watch him leave study.
107) 0) text: Elio enters the dining room all dressed for the celebrati lunch. Light is dimming outside the windows. Activities around the table between Annella and Mafalda (placing flowers, lighting candles etc) Elio crouches in front of the fire. His face lost in thoughts. The entire end credit scrolls on his close up. Near the end
107) 1) dialog: Elio, Elio 94. Elio is so deeply in his thoughts that only after a long after Annella calling him he turns toward the sound of he voice. Fade to black.