11) 0) text: A few of ELIO’S FRIENDS play a volleyball game in a makes court set up on the lawn by the main entrance of the vill OLIVER is playing with CHIARA, MARZIA’s slightly older sister, and another BOY. 12. The three make up one side of the game, while the opposin team is made up of THREE OTHERS we haven't met. ELIO sits on the side with MARZIA and another friend MARI All eyes are on OLIVER, the glamorous American who has unexpectedly dropped into their midst. MARZIA and her fri ask questions about him.
19) 0) text: OLIVER comes down the stairs of the house followed by ELI They are surprised to find CHIARA and MARZIA there. OLIVE isn’t wearing any shirt and CHIARA makes a ball of the billowy blue shirt he’d been wearing earlier and tosses i him. He puts it over the head of a bronze bust of Elio’s grandmother.
19) 1) dialog: Enough now. We’re going to the river and you’ re coming. There are a number of Professor Perlman’s loose papers ly on a chair in the bocchirale [hallway]. OLIVER starts gathering them up.
19) 3) dialog: (in French) En parlant de peau, approche. (Talking about skin, come here.) She goes up to him and with her fingernails gently and sl tries to pull a sliver of peeling skin from his tanned shoulder. ELIO watches with envy, wishing he was the one doing that. 22. CHIARA (CONT’D) Tell his father that I crumpled his papers. We'll see what he says then.. He takes the Perlman papers to the study. While he’s gone CHIARA looks at Oliver’s manuscript lying on the chair. CHIARA (CONT’D) (shouting) I could do a better job translating than whoever this is.
19) 5) dialog: I type good.
19) 7) dialog: Bettah. And I’d give you a bettah price too. Stand still. She pulls another patch of skin off his shoulder. As she’ doing this he stands very close to her.
19) 9) dialog: Then I won’t do nu’in for you. Don’t move. (she extracts another patch from his arm) Find yuh-sef somebuddy else. She drops the bits of peeled-off skin into a plant.
20) 0) text: A restaurant bar with an open air dancing floor. Everyone dances. CHIARA does her sexy dancing for OLIVER, who is enjoying himself and is a very good dancer. The music is “Paris Latino” by Bandolero. ELIO goes back to their table with MARZIA and one or two the others. He watches CHIARA and OLIVER on the little da floor. She moves her thighs in between his. Their moves a not the moves of people who stop at heavy petting.
23) 0) text: Later. ANCHISE is wiping the windshield of the Perlmans’ ELIO comes out just as CHIARA arrives on her bike. She as him where Oliver is.
23) 2) dialog: (in French) Dis-lui que je suis passée. (Tell him I came by.) 27.
23) 4) dialog: (in French) Il danse trés bien. (He dances great.)
23) 6) dialog: (in French) Tu veux jouer les entremetteurs? (What are you trying to do, fix us up?) She leaves him and goes into the house. ELIO gets in the seat of the car and waits. Then OLIVER and CHIARA come ou They speak for a moment, standing close. She kisses him o the cheek, then gets on her bike and takes off. OLIVER gets into the front seat of the car, but ELIO tell him to sit in the back.
45) 1) dialog: How is he? Will he live?
45) 3) dialog: Really? I’11 be back in a minute. Don’t go anywhere.
46) 0) text: The girls burst into the living room where Elio is lying the couch. CHIARA sits at the foot of it, MARZIA stands peering down at ELIO. He looks up at her a bit sheepishly CHIARA takes a cigarette out of a pack and lights it. She takes a drag on it, then holds it out close to the sole o Elio’s bare foot. He pulls it up fast.
46) 1) dialog: (in French) Ca t'a fait mal ? Pourtant, tu as des pieds de paysan qui ne sentent rien. Paysan! (You felt that? You have peasant feet. They don’t feel things. Peasant!)
46) 5) dialog: (in French) Doucement. Tu vas encore le faire saigner. (Easy. You’1l make him bleed again.) She holds out her pack of cigarettes to him and he takes She lights it for him and he smokes it. CHIARA looks at h coolly, as if looking at a rival. CHIARA (CONT’D) (in French) Alors... On sort ou pas? (So... are we going somewhere?)
46) 7) dialog: (in french) Qu’est-ce que j’en sais? (How would I know?)
91) 0) text: OLIVER puts his suitcases in the open trunk of a waiting coach. He is saying his goodbyes to the PERLMANS before h and ELIO get on it. ANNELLA kisses Oliver with great affection; PERLMAN shakes his hand warmly, all formality gone. Both say “Come back soon!" The driver closes the tr ELIO says goodbye to his parents, unable to hide an hones smile of happiness. Chiara arrives driving her bike to salute Oliver but the coach is leaving... The Perlmans and Chiara watch the coach drive away as Eli and Oliver take seats inside it.
92) 0) text: Oliver smiles and waves to Chiara on the half-crowded bus OLIVER dozes off, his head on ELIO’s shoulder. ELIO looks him, his gaze full of unaccountable emotions. Outside the window the summer landscape changes from the plains into the first alps, the Orobie.