0) 0) dialog: (in French) L'usurpateur. (The usurper) MARZIA jumps up to come stand next to him, looking down. ANCHISE appears below followed by the PERLMANS who introd themselves to Oliver. Professor PERLMAN is in his fifties distinguished, vigorous. ANNELLA, his wife, is in her mid forties.
0) 2) dialog: (in French) Il faut que je descende. (I'd better go down.)
1) 0) text: At the end of the stairs ELIO sees OLIVER being walked to Professor Perlman’s study. Oliver’s suitcase and backpack on the floor nearby. ANNELLA sees Elio approaching and gestures towards them.
1) 2) dialog: I’m Elio.
2) 0) text: They head up the stairs together; ELIO lunges for the hea suitcase, OLIVER takes the backpack.
2) 1) dialog: My room is now your room. I’1l be next door. They meet MARZIA coming down. More introductions in the middle of the stairs. OLIVER is curious about her and loo back as he continues up. She looks back after he does. INT. OLIVER’S ROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 5 They enter Oliver’s bedroom. OLIVER drops his backpack an crashes on the bed, exhausted. ELIO lays the suitcase nex the bed.
2) 2) dialog: We're sharing the bathroom. It's my only way out... But Oliver is not listening, already asleep. Elio walks o and closes the door that separates their two rooms.
3) 1) text: Later. MAFALDA, at the bottom of the stairs, rings a bell She looks up the stairs and, getting no response, rings t bell again. INT. ELIO’S/OLIVER’S ROOM/BATHROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - DUSK ELIO is at the desk in his small “new” bedroom; he is transcribing music. Next to his desk lamp a walkman is playing music. He hears the bell. He enters the bathroom and the door that connects it to t other room is open. OLIVER sleeps in the dim light of sun
3) 2) dialog: We’ re being called to dinner. No answer. Elio enters Oliver's room and reaches over to bookshelf, takes a book from it but then drops it on the floor. It makes a sharp clatter. Oliver is briskly awoken ELIO (CONT’D) (embarrassed) We’ re being called to dinner. Oliver looks up from his pillow scarcely knowing where he
5) 4) dialog: I can show you around.
5) 7) dialog: Should I take him to Montodine?
5) 23) dialog: He does it every year...
6) 0) text: ELIO and OLIVER are riding bicycles, with Elio in the lea They go along the main road towards the town of Crema and bank. The day is already hot.
7) 0) text: ELIO and OLIVER are sitting at the little cafe with iron chairs and tables, drinking coffee. OLIVER examines bank application forms, then folds them up and puts them in hi knapsack. He looks around the almost empty square.
7) 2) dialog: Nothing. Wait for summer to end.
7) 4) dialog: We come here only for Christmas and some other vacation..
7) 6) dialog: And Easter too. We are Jewish, English, American, Italian, French... somewhat atypical. Besides my family you are probably the only other Jew who has set foot in this town.
7) 8) dialog: Transcribe music. Read books. Swim at the river. Go out at night. OLIVER takes this in, his eyes hidden by dark sunglasses he gathers up his things, cutting their conversation off. They silently reclaim their bikes. OLIVER seems to be mil away, but as ELIO is getting on his bike, he loses balanc for a moment and OLIVER puts his arm around Elio’s should steadying him. He then speeds off, saying “Later”, leavin ELIO on his own.
8) 0) text: The same day. ELIO is sitting at a table in the shade of house, practicing his guitar. From where he sits he can s OLIVER ride up on his bike and dismount. He has to pass b ANCHISE, who is doing some garden work with small plants a ball of twine. OLIVER stops to watch and converses with ANCHISE in Italian.
8) 5) dialog: I thought you didn’t like it. Hated it...
8) 7) dialog: The same one?
9) 0) text: ELIO plays the piece on the piano. OLIVER leans on the do looking in. The music sounds very different from when he played it on his guitar.
9) 2) dialog: I just played it the way Liszt would have played it if he’d jimmied around with it.
9) 4) dialog: Not by much. That’s how Busoni would've played it if he’d altered Liszt’s version.
9) 6) dialog: Bach never wrote it for guitar. In fact, we’re not even sure it’s Bach at all.
9) 8) dialog: Okay, okay. No need to get so worked up. ELIO begins to play the Bach in its original form. OLIVER who had turned away, comes back to the door. ELIO says, softly, over his playing: ELIO (CONT’D) It’s young Bach, he dedicated it to his brother. He plays it beautifully, as if sending it to OLIVER as a gift. INT. ELIO’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - LATER 16 ELIO is writing his diary, the wind is moving the curtain He then puts the open diary on the bed and goes into the shared bathroom to pee, shutting the door behind him. The camera moves close on to the diary and we read: “...I was harsh when I told him I thought he hated Bach...” 17 18 11. The wind blows the pages of the little book, then dies do so that we can go on reading: “What I wanted to say was t I thought he hated me...”
10) 0) text: Another day. OLIVER and ELIO walk down a street; OLIVER steps into a c Some men inside are sitting at two or three tables with playing cards. Waiters bring coffee and other drinks to t customers, the place is lively.
10) 2) dialog: How did you know about this place? Oliver winks. ELIO pulls up a chair and sits, spectating. cards are dealt. OLIVER, accepted at once, treats his fel PLAYERS as equals. Despite being a ‘rich’ American ‘intellectual’, a guest at the villa of one of the area’s richest men, he has the ‘common touch’. ELIO is soon forgotten by OLIVER. Now and then he supplie translation of something said in Lombard dialect by one o the PLAYERS, to which OLIVER replies, “Thanks, Buddy!”
11) 0) text: A few of ELIO’S FRIENDS play a volleyball game in a makes court set up on the lawn by the main entrance of the vill OLIVER is playing with CHIARA, MARZIA’s slightly older sister, and another BOY. 12. The three make up one side of the game, while the opposin team is made up of THREE OTHERS we haven't met. ELIO sits on the side with MARZIA and another friend MARI All eyes are on OLIVER, the glamorous American who has unexpectedly dropped into their midst. MARZIA and her fri ask questions about him.
11) 4) dialog: But I am relaxing.
11) 9) dialog: (shrugging, in French) Je ne sais pas. (Who knows?)
12) 0) text: A gangly TEENAGER looks on with pretended disdain; his vo is just changing, he has a dark fuzz, unshaven, on his up lip, he could be Elio three or four years earlier. 20 21 14. PERLMAN is amusing the boy’s sisters, TWO YOUNG NIECES, a about seven and nine, with a card trick. He has moved pla and cutlery around to make space for entertaining the lit nieces.
13) 0) text: Guests are gathering at the table. MAFALDA announces dinn and removes the cards from the table, putting things back order. PERLMAN makes a funny face. Two empty seats around table. The absence of Signor Ulliva is commented upon. MAFALDA asks ELIO, who just showed up, whether Oliver wil joining them. “Sono le otto passate” she says. ANNELLA appears from the living room, followed by her guests.
13) 2) dialog: (in Italian) Non vi sembra ineducato come dice “Later...”? arrogante? Mi sembra che facciamo di tutto per farlo stare a suo agio da noi. (Don’t you think it’s rude when he says “Later...”? Arrogant? After all, it’s just to show him a good time here.)
13) 4) dialog: You watch, this is how he’1ll say goodbye to us when the time comes. With his gruff, slapdash, Later! 22 15.
13) 7) dialog: Yeah, but what if I grow to hate him?
14) 1) dialog: Non mi va. (I don’t feel like it)
14) 3) dialog: (sharply) Perché non mi va!
14) 5) dialog: (In French) J’en ai pas envie. (I don’t want to.)
15) 0) text: Another day. ELIO is sitting at his usual table under the lime trees, working. From where he's sitting, Elio can se PERLMAN and OLIVER through an open window in his father's study. They are discussing Oliver’s manuscript on Heraclithus. Elio tries to listen.
15) 6) dialog: Sei stato al fiume? (You've been at the river?)
16) 0) text: Later. ELIO sits with his head back on the cushion of his chair, his eyes closed. OLIVER, far away, is sitting on t edge of the trough, his feet in the water, reading the pa from the manuscript he showed Perlman. He looks towards E
16) 2) dialog: (to himself) I was. Oliver gestures him to come closer. Elio does, slowly. He notices Oliver is wearing a red bathing suit. 27 18.
16) 4) dialog: Maybe it did when you wrote it. OLIVER, as if pretending to weigh Elio’s words carefully.
16) 6) dialog: Kind?
17) 0) text: ELIO observes OLIVER swimming in the narrow and long ston trough. ANNELLA is close, but she's moving away with a ba of freshly picked fruit. OLIVER comes out of the water wi his green swim trunks.
17) 2) dialog: Reading my music. Oliver lies down on a big towel, his belongings spread ar it.
17) 4) dialog: Thinking, then.
17) 6) dialog: Private. ANNELLA, amused, listens to the conversation.
17) 8) dialog: So I won’t tell you.
18) 0) text: OLIVER arrives on his bike from town, wearing the blue bathing suit and the blue billowy shirt he had when he fi arrived. The house is quiet and deserted on a Saturday afternoon. INT. ELIO’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - AFTERNOON 30 ELIO is on his bed wearing only a bathing suit. His right hand is down inside his swim suit. He is tense, expectant alert to every sound. There are footsteps just outside hi door. OLIVER, shirtless, enters the room from the bathroo ELIO quickly pulls his bathing suit higher with a jerking movement as if caught in an embarrassing position.
18) 2) dialog: I’m... I’m... I have... an allergy.
18) 4) dialog: (still out of breath) Later, maybe.
18) 6) dialog: Must we? OLIVER straightens up, pauses again to look down, and sti grasping Elio’s hand, succeeds in pulling him upright. 31 32 21.
19) 0) text: OLIVER comes down the stairs of the house followed by ELI They are surprised to find CHIARA and MARZIA there. OLIVE isn’t wearing any shirt and CHIARA makes a ball of the billowy blue shirt he’d been wearing earlier and tosses i him. He puts it over the head of a bronze bust of Elio’s grandmother.
19) 11) dialog: Yeah, come on. He hands OLIVER his sunglasses and hands him the red edit of Lucretius, it was lying on a table and never leaves hi side. 33 23.
20) 0) text: A restaurant bar with an open air dancing floor. Everyone dances. CHIARA does her sexy dancing for OLIVER, who is enjoying himself and is a very good dancer. The music is “Paris Latino” by Bandolero. ELIO goes back to their table with MARZIA and one or two the others. He watches CHIARA and OLIVER on the little da floor. She moves her thighs in between his. Their moves a not the moves of people who stop at heavy petting.
20) 3) dialog: Che ne so. (I don’t care.)
21) 0) text: ELIO and MARZIA are at the river. They strip their clothe off.
21) 2) dialog: (in french) Pourquoi je serais faéché contre Chiara ? (Why should I be angry with Chiara?)
21) 4) dialog: (in french) Retrouvons-nous ici demain soir. Je serai la avant toi. (Let’s meet tomorrow night. I’1ll be here before you.) 25.
22) 1) dialog: (in something of an antic mood we haven’t seen before, self-mocking) We almost did it. Marzia and me.
22) 3) dialog: Dunno.
22) 5) dialog: All I had to do was find the courage to reach out and touch, she would have said yes.
22) 10) dialog: Can’t I come too?
23) 0) text: Later. ANCHISE is wiping the windshield of the Perlmans’ ELIO comes out just as CHIARA arrives on her bike. She as him where Oliver is.
23) 1) dialog: (in French) On va au lac de Garde avec mon pére. Il veut montrer 4 Oliver l'endroit ot ils draguent. (We’ re going to Lake Garda with dad. He wants to show Oliver where they’ re dredging.) CHIARA is disappointed.
23) 3) dialog: (in French) Il est a4 l'intérieur, il aide mon pére. Tu étais incroyable sur la piste, hier soir. (He’s inside helping dad. You were great on the dance floor last night.)
23) 5) dialog: (in French) Et il est beau aussi, non? (And he’s great looking, isn’t he?)
23) 7) dialog: Dad always sits up front with Anchise to navigate. OLIVER gets in the back next to ELIO. He watches CHIARA riding away. ELIO (CONT’D) She seems to like you a lot - She’s more beautiful than she was last year. OLIVER doesn’t respond. ELIO (CONT’D) I saw her naked on a night swim. She has a great body. OLIVER turns to look at ELIO, surprised.
23) 9) dialog: What would be the harm in that?
24) 0) text: PERLMAN drives the car through the countryside, OLIVER ha map open on his legs. Hot air blows in through all the op windows. They are silent as the news plays on the radio, reporting on the P2 Masonic lodge. ELIO looks outside but his attention is drawn to Oliver’s neck.
25) 0) text: PERLMAN, OLIVER and ELIO walk through the magnificent rui of the roman villa overlooking Lake Garda, the Grotte di Catullo (Caves). Perlman is explaining to Oliver that onl part of the archaeological treasures of this area has com light. 40 41 42 29.
26) 0) text: A salvage operation is in progress. Some small boats surr a floating platform. At the center of the platform is a winch. There are scuba divers and other people all around PERLMAN goes in the water and walks through the shallows towards an inflatable boat that is standing by, ready to him to the platform. ELIO is proud of his father and like Oliver is excited. The professor gestures them to join hi
27) 0) text: PERLMAN, OLIVER, ELIO and other men are on the boat, now to the platform. At the center of the platform below the cable of the winc a large opening. A steel cable is lowered into the water steadied by the site workers. The wait. Finally the cable is pulled back up - it pulls antique statue out of the water. PERLMAN, edging closer, watches the operation minutely. A bronze Boxer slowly com up through the opening in the platform, secured by the hu divers, and as it does a chain-metal trap inches undernea it to prevent it from falling back into the water if something should go wrong. The statue, missing its left arm but otherwise intact, is an athlete, a boxer, naked, a kind of finger-less glove a wrist-strap. Like the damaged arm and gloved hand, the st is encrusted with the lake water deposits of a century. I still possible to admire the beauty of the athlete’s face set with enamelled eyes that seem to be staring straight through the murky water at his rescuers. A photographer i fins goes in for a close-up. There is great excitement.
28) 1) dialog: Dad, why are we only finding him now?
29) 0) text: They swim in a little cove not far from the rig that pull up the bronze Boxer. It is almost dark, with a cloud stre sky reflected in the water. The lights on the rig go on, including a big floodlight. The lake is surrounded by sno capped mountains. Treading water, PERLMAN says to ELIO and OLIVER, who are nearby, and referring to the armed guards left on the floating platform with the athlete:
30) 0) text: The same moon shines on the water of the river where MARZ waits for ELIO, as promised. She looks at her wristwatch. 45 46 47 48 49 31.
31) 0) text: The Perlman car reaches the villa and all get out. ELIO r around the house to get his bike and wheels it out on to road.
31) 1) dialog: I have to go!! The two men smile at Elio's passionate haste.
33) 4) dialog: (still thinking about the Knight and the princess) I’d never have the courage to ask such a question.
35) 0) text: ELIO goes back inside and up the stairs very quietly and along the corridor he shares with Oliver. He approaches Oliver’s door like a detective looking for clues. He is a to open it when he hears the sounds of someone coming up back stairs; he opens the door to his own room instead, a walks in. INT. CORRIDOR / ELIO’S - OLIVER’S ROOM / SHARED BATHROOM
36) 0) text: ELIO runs towards the window at the end of the corridor a looks down from it. No one. Finally Oliver appears going the steps and moving towards the stone trough. Elio runs the stairs and goes down to the ground floor.
37) 0) text: Later. ELIO is sitting under the trees with his score boo open. OLIVER sits on the edge of the stone trough with hi feet in the water, he is wearing his straw hat.
37) 1) dialog: My mom’s been reading this 16th century French romance. She read some of it to my Dada and I the day the lights went out.
37) 3) dialog: Yes. 35.
37) 5) dialog: Better to speak, she said. But she’s on her guard. She senses a trap somewhere.
37) 7) dialog: No, he fudges.
37) 9) dialog: I’ll go, if you want me to. Beat.
37) 11) dialog: Now?
37) 13) dialog: No. OLIVER puts some pages of his manuscript into his old fra book bag.
37) 15) dialog: You didn’t have to. Creating a little pause before replying, for emphasis.
38) 3) dialog: Does he give you the creeps?
38) 5) dialog: That’s what my aunt says. Anchise.
39) 0) text: They arrive on their bikes at the little town square. OLI buys a pack of cigarettes, Gauloises. He lights one up, t offers one to ELIO.
39) 2) dialog: (drawing on it) Not bad at all. I thought you didn’t smoke.
39) 4) dialog: No. This is World War I. You’d have to be at least eighty years old to have known any of them.
39) 6) dialog: I know nothing Oliver. Nothing, just nothing.
39) 8) dialog: If you only knew how little I know about the things that really matter.
39) 10) dialog: You know what things. By now you of all people should know. Silence. 38.
39) 12) dialog: Because I thought you should know.
39) 14) dialog: Because I want you to know (blurting it out) Because there is no one else I can say this to but you. There is a magnificent view. A tiny bus works its way uph with some bikers struggling behind it. To buy time, OLIVE turns to look at it before replying:
39) 16) dialog: Yes. Now that he’s spilled the beans at last, ELIO takes on th laid-back, mildly exasperated air which the felon has, on he surrendered to the police, when he confesses how he ro the store. OLIVER looks at ELIO for a long moment, then gestures tow the shop front where he takes his manuscript to be typed
39) 18) dialog: (looking at OLIVER with a confiding smile) You know I’m not going anywhere. Two buses stop nearby to unload their passengers - older women arriving from adjoining villages to shop. ELIO turn read the names listed on the monument. OLIVER returns.
39) 20) dialog: I wish I hadn’t spoken.
39) 22) dialog: (unfazed) Does this mean we’re on speaking terms - but not really? OLIVER thinks about this.
40) 0) text: Now that ELIO has laid his cards on the table, the scener and the fine weather buoy his spirits. They ride together the empty country road that at this time of day is all fo them. The sun pounds exposed patches along the way, expos the undergrowth. Thirsty they stop by a factory. They loo for water and in the factory Oliver is surprised to see a Mussolini picture hanging on a wall. They laugh. Later, at another crossroad.
40) 1) dialog: Follow me. I’11 show you a spot visitors have never seen. That is, if you have time. ELIO turns off into a little path towards some spring wat ponds surrounded by willow trees. ELIO leans his bike aga one of them, followed by OLIVER. ELIO (CONT’D) This is my spot. All mine. I come here to read. I can’t begin to tell you the number of books I’ve read here. Oliver puts his hands in the water.
40) 3) dialog: The spring is in the mountains, the Alpi Orobie. The water comes straight down from there. Oliver freshens up his face with this water.
40) 5) dialog: No one likes being alone. But I’ve learned how to live with it.
40) 7) dialog: I’m not wise at all. I told you, I know nothing. I know books, and I know how to string words together - it doesn’t mean I know how to speak about the things - about the things that matter most to me.
40) 9) dialog: Yes, in a way - that’s how I always say things: in a way. Staring out down on the on the tips to his feet at the view so as not to look at him, ELIO sits grass. OLIVER crouches a few yards away from ELIO of his toes, as if at any moment he might spring and go back to the bicycles. ELIO (CONT’D) I come here to escape the known world.
40) 11) dialog: (shrugging) I don’t know. So you won’t, I suppose.
40) 13) dialog: Why am I making things difficult?
40) 15) dialog: Would? OLIVER sits down on the grass, then lies down on his back his arms under his head, staring at the sky.
40) 18) dialog: I’d be the last to know.
40) 20) dialog: Going on? Nothing...nothing. After a long silence:
40) 22) dialog: (in something of a mocking tone) You don’t know the half of it. OLIVER thinks about this. Then ELIO blurts out: ELIO (CONT’D) So much of it is wrong.
40) 24) dialog: That too.
40) 26) dialog: Not yet.
40) 28) dialog: Don’t be. I don’t care. Who is to know? ELIO reaches for OLIVER in a quick, desperate move, lets hand rest on Oliver’s crotch. OLIVER doesn’t move. With t composure, in a gesture that is both gentle and commandin he brings his own hand there, letting it rest on Elio’s f second. He twines his fingers into Elio’s, then lifts his hand. A moment of silence. ELIO (CONT’D) (suddenly abashed by his own action) Did I offend you?
40) 30) dialog: We can stop by the pharmacist on the way back.
41) 1) dialog: We’1ll never speak again, you know..
41) 3) dialog: I just know it. We’1ll chit-chat, chit-chat, chit-chat. And the funny thing is, I can live with that.
42) 0) text: Lunch. A middle-aged ART HISTORIAN COUPLE have been invit to lunch. The man is pompous, his wife no less so, droppi Italian expressions constantly into her conversation. Bot are English. ELIO and OLIVER can hardly keep from laughin PERLMAN shoots his son a warning glance. 61 62
42) 2) dialog: (covering his nose with his napkin) Ghiaccio, ice, Mafalda, per favore, presto! OLIVER, astounded, leaps up and hands him his napkin. ELI tries to be calm, explains to everyone how "It happens al the time”. Holding the napkin to his nose to stanch the stream of blood falling into his dessert, he rises and leaves.
43) 0) text: ELIO is in the kitchen looking for ice to stop his nose bleeding, but the freezer is empty.
44) 0) text: Later. In a very tight and confined space beside the livi room is the Perlman bar. ELIO is sitting on the floor, hi head tilted back, and is holding a napkin full of ice - n mixture of blood and water - on his nose. Beside him is a ice bucket.
44) 2) dialog: I’m a mess, aren’t I?
44) 4) dialog: Sit for a second. ELIO shifts a little to make room. The place is very tigh his bare feet touch Oliver's ankles for a moment. OLIVER takes Elio's feet in his hands and begins massagin them, pulling on his toes until they crack. ELIO cries ou mingled pleasure and pain. ELIO (CONT’D) Where did you learn to do that?
44) 6) dialog: I have one of those.
44) 8) dialog: My mother says we are Jews of discretion.
44) 10) dialog: You're going to kill me, you know that? Ouch!
44) 12) dialog: I’ll get over it.
46) 0) text: The girls burst into the living room where Elio is lying the couch. CHIARA sits at the foot of it, MARZIA stands peering down at ELIO. He looks up at her a bit sheepishly CHIARA takes a cigarette out of a pack and lights it. She takes a drag on it, then holds it out close to the sole o Elio’s bare foot. He pulls it up fast.
46) 6) dialog: (in french) Peut-6tre. Mais si on sort, il ne faut pas que ma mére me voie, elle s'inquiéterait. (regardant autour de lui) ou est Oliver? (Maybe. But if I go out my mother can't see me. She'll get worried. (looking around) Where’s Oliver?)
47) 0) text: ELIO walks into the fresh water and swims. Down the river a group of his FRIENDS playing on the grass, Oliver isn’t there. Elio is not unhappy. There is a rippling shaft of sunlight on the water directly towards him. He swims into
48) 0) text: ELIO makes himself a smoothie in Mafalda’s kitchen, cutti up a peach, a banana, then a pear, dates. Mafalda wants t it for him and tries to take the knife away. To her, a smoothie is a foreign concoction.
48) 2) dialog: No, no, faccio da solo. (No, I’m doing it by myself) 48. He puts the cut-up fruit into a blender. While the blende makes the smoothie he glances from the window out in the garden at ANNELLA sitting on the bench overlooking the so garden. She is working on a manuscript. He takes the smoo out into the garden, it is the last hour of the sun in th waning day. He drinks the smoothie, feeling rested. He calls to his mother. ELIO (CONT’D) Est-ce qu’Oliver est la? (Is Oliver around?)
48) 6) dialog: Io esco stasera, non ceno (I’m going out this evening, I won’t have dinner)
48) 8) dialog: Ma di che? (about what?)
48) 11) dialog: Tout le monde aime Oliver. (Everyone likes Oliver.)
48) 13) dialog: C’est ton impression? (Is that your impression?)
48) 15) dialog: Quand t’a-t-il dit cela? (When did he tell you that?)
49) 0) text: After dinner. ELIO is in the terrazza, waiting for Oliver return. He tries to read a book but he cannot concentrate notice that he is now wearing his Star of David.) INT. ELIO’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT 67 Late night. ELIO is sitting at his desk, wide awake. He h left the bathroom door intentionally ajar, hoping that th light from the foyer might stream in just enough to revea his body. As ELIO hears OLIVER step onto the landing in t hall, he jumps back in his bed pretending to be asleep. OLIVER walks past Elio’s room without stopping, without e a hesitation, and goes into his own room and shuts the do A few moments later ELIO hears Oliver open the door from bedroom into their common bathroom. Then he hears the doo into his own room from the bathroom click shut, as if bei locked. ELIO sits up in bed. 68 Revision50.
49) 1) dialog: (to himself, under his breath) Traitor. Traitor!
50) 0) text: The next day. ELIO is the last to arrive. He pretends to ignore OLIVER, who is cracking open the top of his soft- boiled egg. ANNELLA looks at OLIVER in a worried way:
51) 0) text: OLIVER is doing some work for Perlman, specify. He seems at work and does not look up as ELIO approaches. ELIO doe know how to break the silence. Then he sees and kicks the volleyball lying under the nearby lime trees. The ball hi Oliver “waking him up” from his work.
51) 1) dialog: (despite himself, sounding peevish) I waited for you last night. Oliver throws back the ball at him.
51) 3) dialog: Dunno.
51) 5) dialog: I was okay. Restless, I guess. OLIVER goes back to staring at the page he is writing and mouthing the syllables. Elio kicks the ball again. ELIO (CONT’D) Are you headed into town this morning?
51) 7) dialog: I was going to head into town myself.
51) 9) dialog: A book I ordered finally arrived. 70 71 53.
51) 12) dialog: It was just that I was hoping we’d go together.
51) 14) dialog: I don’t think we’ll ever do anything like that again. But yes, like that. (beat) That day belongs to a different time warp. We should leave sleeping dogs - OLIVER listens, now looking at Elio straight in the face.
51) 16) dialog: Do I like you? Do I like you, Oliver? I worship you. OLIVER’s face softens. He is touched by Elio’s forthright brave avowal.
51) 18) dialog: No speeches, not a word.
53) 0) text: ELIO and OLIVER walk their bikes along the streets of Cre ELIO stops and gives a book to OLIVER, who opens it and r what he has written.
53) 2) dialog: I’m glad then. I just wanted to... (lightly) I know - no speeches. Ever.
54) 0) text: On the return ride, ELIO ignores the turn to “his place”, Fontanili. OLIVER, on the other hand, recognizes it, and he passes sees the pathway disappearing into the trees. Oliver’s POV of the path. 76 77 55.
55) 5) dialog: (cautiously) Any time...
56) 0) text: Later, after dinner. MAFALDA is cleaning up the kitchen. ELIO, restless, comes in and goes to the fridge, scoops u some ice cream into a bowl, and goes outside, eating as h walks. 78 719 80 81 56.
57) 0) text: ELIO stands in the garden with the bowl of ice cream and looks up at Oliver’s window. There is a faint glow, like of a desk lamp. A red bathing suit is drying. From inside we hear the sound of the Perlmans’ television
58) 0) text: ELIO, restless, uncharacteristically idle, sits down with parents to watch tv. The news on tv talk about the first socialist government presently taking power in Italy, und the guide of Bettino Craxi. ELIO half watches. He lights cigarette.
58) 3) dialog: (in French) C'était rien. Tu veux sortir ? Je peux passer te prendre en vélo, on peut aller... (It was nothing. Do you want to go out? I can come on my bike and pick you up. We can go to...)
59) 0) text: Elio and Marzia are wheeling their bikes through the town streets. Elio sees a bookstand and asks Marzia to hold hi bicycle. We stay with Marzia who sees Elio feverishly bro through the stand. He finds something he likes and buys i Returns to her and gives her the book. On impulse, ELIO kisses MARZIA behind the ear. She seems freeze. He kisses her again and whispers: 82 83
59) 3) dialog: Ca t’a dérangé? (Did it bother you?)
60) 2) dialog: Parce que j'en avais envie. (Because I felt like it.)
60) 4) dialog: Je comprends pas ta question. (I don’t understand what you’re asking.)
60) 6) dialog: Je te suis toujours pas. (I still don’t follow.)
60) 8) dialog: Si tu ne me le dis pas, je vais imaginer des choses... (MORE)
60) 10) dialog: (If you don’t tell me, I’11 imagine all sort of things...)
60) 12) dialog: Pourquoi tu ne le dis pas? (Why don’t you tell anyone?)
60) 14) dialog: Tu caches qui tu es vraiment? (Do you hide who you are?)
60) 16) dialog: Si, sarement. Tu le fais avec moi aussi? (I suppose. Do you hide from me?) 59.
60) 18) dialog: Comment ca? (Like what?)
60) 20) dialog: Pourquoi tu dis ca? (Why do you say that?)
61) 0) text: A deserted spot on the river, later. MARZIA and ELIO make love on the grass. He pulls out just in time and ejaculat on her belly. They burst out laughing.
61) 1) dialog: Je suis désolé! Je suis désolé! (I’m sorry! I’m sorry...) INT. ELIO’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - DAWN 85 Later. It is now dawn. ELIO is in his room sitting naked his desk. His small lamp is on. He takes up a school note and tears out a page. He begins writing the note to Olive Please don’t avoid me. He crumples that up. Please don’t avoid me. It kills me. He crumples that up too, and writes: Your silence is killing me. He says to himself, out loud,
61) 2) dialog: Way over the top. He writes: 86 61. Can’t stand thinking you hate me. He tears that up too, and tries again: I’d sooner die than know you hate me. He laughs, tears that one up, and writes once more: Can’t stand the silence. I need to speak to you. He reads this, liking it. He lifts his right hand to his face, smells his fingertips, his palm, then his other han liking that too. ELIO gets up, folds the last note, and slips it under the door that separates his room from Oliver’s.
62) 0) text: Breakfast. PROFESSOR PERLMAN sits behind his newspaper, w a very sleepy ELIO cracks his egg. OLIVER walks in, sits down, and without looking at ELIO, says:
62) 2) dialog: Insomma (so-so).
62) 4) dialog: (busy with his egg) I don’t play poker. PERLMAN and OLIVER exchange glances.
63) 2) dialog: (to Oliver) Otherwise known as Laurel and Hardy.
63) 5) dialog: It’s way too big on me. It looks ridiculous. Elio turning to OLIVER to bring him into the conversation to test his mood. ELIO (CONT’D) See if Oliver doesn’t think I look like a scarecrow in it. I’11 model it for you. But OLIVER is non-committal and won’t be drawn into the decision. ELIO can’t help glancing at his wrist watch, but attempts hide the gesture from OLIVER by reaching out for an uneat cookie on a plate just as MAFALDA is removing it. Then, t tease ELIO:
65) 0) text: By the abbeveratoio. ELIO is asleep, his face resting on hand. MARZIA arrives on her bike just as OLIVER leaves on his. They pause in the road to say hello. MARZIA continue towards the house and approaches the sleeping ELIO. 92 93 94 95 64. She plants a light kiss on his forehead, waking him up. H darts a look at his watch: three fifty-five. Later. MARZIA and ELIO are in the abbeveratoio. She slips hand inside his bathing suit and takes hold of him like s did in the street the night before.
65) 2) dialog: Ne fais pas ca ici. (Don’t do that here.)
65) 4) dialog: J'ai une meilleure idée. (I have a better idea.)
66) 0) text: ELIO and MARZIA, in their swimsuits, run through the kitc Elio holds her hand, almost dragging her. They haven't dr up, and are wetting the floor as they go.
68) 0) text: A small and narrow spiral staircase. ELIO jogs up the ste with MARZIA.
69) 0) text: ELIO and MARZIA enter the attic, it is filled with old furniture, books, and other unused stuff. 96 97 65. Elio moves a mattress that was leaning on the wall and la it on the ground. They pull off their bathing suits and l on the mattress, ELIO on top. He takes off his watch, pla it on a bed-side table, where he can see it. It is 4:29. The windows are open, but the shutters are half closed. T subdued afternoon light draws slatted patterns on the bed the wall, on MARZIA and ELIO making love.
70) 0) text: MARZIA leaves just before dinner time. ELIO comes down wi her as the evening guests pull up in their car: a GAY COU one tall and thin, the other short and rotund. Both are professors on holiday, and both are wearing purple shirts Each carries a bouquet of white flowers which they presen ANNELLA. ELIO introduces them to MARZIA. They speak terri Italian, one starting a sentence loaded with compliments, other having to finish it. ELIO leads them into the house MARZIA bikes off. INT. ELIO’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - EVENING 97 ELIO finds his father in his room going through all his s shirts hanging in the closet in order to pick out the unwanted present. He hands it to ELIO, who groans.
70) 1) dialog: I can’t put it on now! They’ve already met me. It will look like a put-up job.
70) 3) dialog: Mom called them that.
71) 0) text: ELIO bounds into the living room, where PERLMAN is servin LAUREL and HARDY champagne, making something of an entran They rise and salute him with their glasses, exclaiming a exchanging delighted glances as their host’s beautiful so descends in their midst wearing the shirt they had given PERLMAN and ANNELLA look at ELIO for a moment, as if seei him anew, then pour out a glass of champagne for him. On table in front of them are a number of big black and whit photographs of the bronze Boxer being pulled up out of th water.
72) 0) text: ELIO is playing the piano. For his final selection, he ha chosen a piece by Poulenc. The others listen almost reverently. His wristwatch is on the piano. As he is concluding, OLIVER comes in from outside and mak his way towards the stairs. The others turn as he passes. smiles in greeting, and makes “I don’t want to disturb yo motions with his hands before disappearing. ELIO is unperturbed. The sudden appearance of OLIVER may inject a dash of fire to the final - if wee-bit hurried - notes. ELIO stands up as his audience applauds and makes a littl bow.
72) 1) dialog: (nodding in appreciation) I’m afraid I have to go to bed now. He shakes hands with the guests, thanks them anew for his shirt, kisses his mother, and runs up the stairs. The big clock shows almost eleven. INT. ELIO’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT 100 Later still. ELIO sits at his desk. He has taken off the Hawaiian shirt and is now wearing a T-shirt. He smokes a cigarette while he writes in his journal. We see his pen forming his thoughts. ELIO breaks off to listen for sounds coming from Oliver’s room. Dead silence. His watch says a quarter to twelve. Barefoot, he gets closer to the door that separates the t rooms. He looks through the cracks but sees no light. He returns to his post. He glimpses himself in the mirror and says to his reflect “Do I know you?”. 101 102 103 104 67. He turns his face from side to side to catch different lights. He goes at the bathroom door to listen, but there no sounds from inside. INT. OLIVER’S ROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT 101 OLIVER is lying fully dressed on his bed, in the dark, smoking a cigarette. A half-full ashtray is resting on th pillow next to him. His espadrilles lie on the floor wher kicked them off. Oliver’s expression is enigmatic compare Elio’s, calmness itself. He hears Elio run the tap in the adjoining bathroom and looks up. INT. ELIO’S AND OLIVER’S BATHROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT In the bathroom ELIO pees. He’s careful not to make any n and aims high. He says softly, looking down at his penis, I know you?” He flushes the toilet and turns off the tap. INT. ELIO’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT 103 When ELIO emerges from the bathroom he hears voices comin from below as the guests are leaving. He reaches the wind and looks down at “Laurel and Hardy” who stand by the car saying their goodbyes and laughing affectionately. The tw men get into their car, the PERLMANS waving as it drives away. Right in that moment ELIO rises his gaze and sees OLIVER the balcony above the main entrance.
73) 0) text: ELIO runs into the corridor and reaches the balcony where OLIVER is smoking.
73) 2) dialog: Change my mind? Of course I was coming. ELIO steps close to the ledge. ELIO (CONT’D) So you do smoke?
73) 4) dialog: (not knowing what else to say) I’m nervous.
73) 6) dialog: I am more so. INT. OLIVER’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT 105 OLIVER sits on the bed, his legs crossed, looking smaller younger. ELIO stands awkwardly at the foot of the bed, no knowing what to do with his hands. He keeps putting them his pockets, then taking them out again.
73) 9) dialog: Me okay. With his toes, ELIO reaches over to Oliver’s toes and tou them. He slips his big toe in between Oliver’s big toe an his second toe. OLIVER does not respond. Since he is sitt on Oliver’s left he figures these are not the toes that touched him at lunch the other day. It was his right foot that was guilty, so ELIO tries to reach it with his own r foot, in a kind of desperately playful mood.
73) 11) dialog: Nothing. 69. Somewhat absentmindedly, awkwardly and without conviction OLIVER reciprocates the movement, seeking out Elio’s othe foot. ELIO moves closer to OLIVER, then hugs him. A kind child’s hug, which OLIVER responds to only by saying, hal humorously:
73) 14) dialog: Did we make noise? 106 71.
73) 16) dialog: Mafalda always looks for signs.
73) 18) dialog: You wore that shirt on your first day here. Will you let me have it, leave it here when you go? OLIVER doesn’t answer and tosses the shirt aside. He take ELIO in his arms, looks down into his face. He smooths ou Elio’s hair with his hand. ELIO is falling asleep. OLIVER continues to hold him. INT. OLIVER’S ROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - DAWN 106 Dawn. Light is coming in. OLIVER is still cradling ELIO i his arms but has shifted to a more comfortable position f them both. ELIO opens his eyes, sees OLIVER looking down him but instead of smiling or lifting his face to be kiss he closes his eyes again, as if blotting OLIVER, the bed, room, and all that has happened out. He tries to sit up, stretches his limbs, and pulls the sheet over his nakedne OLIVER stares at him, as if to register Elio’s morning af emotions.
73) 20) dialog: Maybe.
73) 22) dialog: No, I didn’t hate it at all. ELIO stays put on Oliver’s bed out of an exaggerated sens courtesy. Relenting, he smiles back at OLIVER for the fir time, though he wishes at that moment for OLIVER to be mi away. 107 108 109 110 72.
73) 24) dialog: Let’s go swimming.
74) 0) text: In the dim light of dawn, OLIVER and ELIO leave the villa bikes.
75) 0) text: At the river, OLIVER walks knee-deep in the water with th blue shirt on, then dives in and swims away. Elio is swim 200 meters away, from a distance they look like two compl strangers.
76) 0) text: ELIO and OLIVER walk towards their bikes.
76) 2) dialog: No. He said this too swiftly to sound convincing. INT. STAIRS/ELIO’S ROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 110 Back at the villa. There are some sounds from the kitchen OLIVER and ELIO succeed to get back home without being se They reach their respective doors and, while ELIO is goin in, OLIVER hesitates before going through his and steps i Elio’s room instead. ELIO is taken by surprise. OLIVER sh the door.
77) 0) text: Breakfast. The PERLMANS, MAFALDA coming in and out from t kitchen, ELIO. Then OLIVER comes in and sits next to him. When no one is looking, OLIVER slips his smooth foot under Elio’s, as if snuggling it there, instead of placing it on top as he al had before. Calmly, he focuses on his soft-boiled egg. Th eat breakfast.
78) 0) text: ELIO pulls his bike out and at the gate, a bit gingerly, on it. It hurts, but he goes after Oliver. 113
79) 0) text: The central square with Crema's Duomo. ELIO sees OLIVER a the newstand, sitting on his bike and scanning the headli of the International Herald Tribune, before heading in th direction of the post office. ELIO rushes up to him.
79) 2) dialog: I just had to see you.
79) 4) dialog: I just wanted to be with you. If you want, I’11 go back now. OLIVER stands still, dropping his hand with the bundle of unsent letters, and simply stands there staring at ELIO, shaking his head.
79) 6) dialog: I don’t know.
79) 8) dialog: I’m not telling anyone. There won’t be any trouble.
79) 10) dialog: Are you sorry I came here?
79) 12) dialog: (coming up close to Oliver) Fuck me, Elio. OLIVER repeats his own name three times in Elio’s ear.
82) 0) text: ELIO enters the attic. Puts the remaining peach on the ol bedside table and lies down on the mattress where he made love with Marzia. He opens his book and starts reading bu easily distracted, starts looking outside the window at t glorious summer sky. He tries reading again, but still no chance. His gaze sca the room, the abandoned objects, the dark corners... the peaches. He stretches out his hand to one and plays with it. He tu its crease towards him. Then opens it half-way with his thumbs and pushes the pit out. The pit falls on the attic floor. He brings the fuzzy, blush-colored peach to his gr and lowers his swim trunks. He presses himself into it un the parted fruit slides down his erection. The fruit is leaking on him. Though firm, it breaks apart. 76. Holding the two halves of the reddened core in either han he begins to rub himself with them. When his orgasm comes, very soon, he carefully aims the spurts into the open peach. “What a crazy thing this was! thinks, as he holds the fruit in both hands and looks aro He places the two halves of the raped peach on the bedsid table and covers himself with the towel. Later. Elio wakes to the sound of someone entering the at
82) 2) dialog: I’m sick, aren’t I? Oliver pulls off his bathing suit.
82) 4) dialog: Don’t! 77. But OLIVER dips a finger into the core of the peach and brings it to his mouth.
82) 6) dialog: (reaching for Oliver’s hand holding the peach) Let it go! No! OLIVER holds it farther away. ELIO (CONT’D) Look, you don’t have to do this. I’m the one who came after you. Everything that’s happened is because of me -
82) 8) dialog: You're hurting me.
82) 10) dialog: (sobbing) What?
85) 1) dialog: What are you thinking about?
85) 3) dialog: No one else?
85) 5) dialog: In two weeks you’11 be back at Columbia. I don’t know what I’11 do then. At least you’1l be somewhere else, where there aren’t any memories... We wasted so many days — so many weeks.
85) 7) dialog: ...why didn’t you give me a sign?
85) 9) dialog: When? 120 121 122 Revision79.
86) 0) text: From the open window of their bedroom the Perlmans can he Elio and Oliver talking. Not the words. But the tone of t conversation is undeniably intimate. ANNELLA is on a small sofa. PERLMAN is already in bed, th look at each other for a long moment. The off-screen voic are almost whispers, they continue. PERLMAN stands, moves sofa chair to be closer to his wife, then sits on it. He takes her hand and kisses it.
87) 0) text: ELIO wears the shirt down to breakfast. No one comments o it, including OLIVER, who puts his bare foot under Elio’s when he takes a seat. 123 124 80. MAFALDA puts an egg down in front of OLIVER, but before s can prepare it for him ELIO takes it and expertly cracks top for him with his spoon. PERLMAN observes his son’s protective concern that no spe of the shell should fall into Oliver’s egg.
87) 1) dialog: Americans never know how to do it.
88) 0) text: Later. ELIO runs down the stairs wearing a bathing suit a OLIVER’s blue shirt, carrying a towel. The front door opens and MARZIA walks in. She looks at hi questioningly. ELIO would like her not to be there.
88) 2) dialog: I.. had to work.
89) 0) text: By the pool. PERLMAN and ANNELLA sit at a table in their bathing suits having a drink. ELIO and OLIVER sit on the of the pool at the other end, their feet in the water.
89) 1) dialog: I hurt her feelings. Love hurts. 125 Revision81. OLIVER, thinking they are unobserved by the others, cares Elio’s foot next to his in the water with one of his own. Perlman sees this from where he is sitting with ANNELLA, nods to her in the boys’ direction. She looks over toward OLIVER and ELIO.
90) 0) text: OLIVER and ELIO, still wearing their swimsuits, are in fr of the War World I Memorial for Fallen Soldiers, in the nearby town of Pandino. Elio crosses the steps and tries put his arms around it; he stands there spread-eagled.
90) 1) dialog: They’re too big for even two men to get their arms around.
90) 3) text: 126 127 128 Revision82. They are still several inches apart as they stretch their bodies, exhaling with their effort. But the stone gleams stubbornly in the space between their fingers. OLIVER decides to cheat, and moves in ELIO’s direction, u they make contact. They yell and OLIVER gathers ELIO into arms and kisses him. The boy and girl in the shadows resume their own kiss. OLIVER puts a hand inside ELIO’s bathing suit, but ELIO pushes him away.
90) 4) dialog: Not here. Not in all this, not on this stone. The two young men run back to their bikes and ride off watched by the young couple. The “Shepherd” moves his han on the breast of the “Shepherdess,” and she lets him keep there.
91) 0) text: OLIVER puts his suitcases in the open trunk of a waiting coach. He is saying his goodbyes to the PERLMANS before h and ELIO get on it. ANNELLA kisses Oliver with great affection; PERLMAN shakes his hand warmly, all formality gone. Both say “Come back soon!" The driver closes the tr ELIO says goodbye to his parents, unable to hide an hones smile of happiness. Chiara arrives driving her bike to salute Oliver but the coach is leaving... The Perlmans and Chiara watch the coach drive away as Eli and Oliver take seats inside it.
92) 0) text: Oliver smiles and waves to Chiara on the half-crowded bus OLIVER dozes off, his head on ELIO’s shoulder. ELIO looks him, his gaze full of unaccountable emotions. Outside the window the summer landscape changes from the plains into the first alps, the Orobie.
93) 0) text: A small forest of beech and fir trees. ELIO and OLIVER wa on a trail with their backpacks.
93) 1) text: eet 129 130 83. They cross a small bridge over a creek and reach a large grass field, looking towards the mountain patiently await something. Oliver looks at ELIO and hugs him, a friendly grab-hug. T a hand moves down on Elio's thigh, and he looks around. The explosion of water in the mountain is violent and unexpected. The river leaps three times on the rocks befo it reaches the bottom of the valley. OLIVER jumps up and very American impulse howls at this spectacle of water. E laughs. They run to the water and disappear into the casc
94) 0) text: ELIO and OLIVER enter their hotel bedroom in Bergamo. The look around and laugh, for no apparent reason. Later. There is a large window looking out over the front entrance of the hotel and a parking lot adjoining it. OLIVER stands looking out as ELIO comes up from behind hi putting his arms around Oliver’s waist. Both are wearing boxer shorts.
95) 0) text: Elio and Oliver are drunk. They stroll in the streets of old town, stumbling, laughing. Taking advantage of a dese alley OLIVER pushes ELIO against the wall and kisses him. Then suddenly stops.
95) 1) dialog: What?
95) 3) dialog: Listen to what? Among the soft sounds of the sleeping city is a distant melody.
95) 5) dialog: There’s no song. You’re hallucinating. Elio tries to kiss him again but Oliver grabs his hand an pulls him away.
96) 0) text: In a small square in the old part of town three young men a girl are leaning on a wall. They are wearing oversized jackets and make-up; they are early examples of the "New Romantic" fashion. At their feet is a radio playing “Love My Way”, the song was also playing at the open-air dancing bar a few weeks earlier. OLIVER looks at ELIO as if to say "See?", then salutes the youngsters, only to be ignored.
97) 0) text: OLIVER holds ELIO's forehead as he pukes. Elio stands awa from the wall making an "I'm okay now" gesture, and goes the fountain nearby to splash water on his face.
97) 1) dialog: It's the best day of my life and I end it with puking! Oliver looks around to check that nobody is looking and starts kissing him again. Elio lets himself go. 133 134 85. With his eyes still closed he hears male voices passing nearby muttering something against them, but he doesn't c IT’S THE KISS OF A LIFETIME.
98) 0) text: OLIVER and ELIO are hugging on their hotel bed. OLIVER lo at ELIO sleeping. A HISSING sound in the distance.
99) 0) text: It is the sound of a train arriving at the station, on th main platform. ELIO and OLIVER together look at the train come to a stop ELIO is wearing Oliver’s blue shirt. On the platform are few travellers ready to leave. Oliver's bags are those fo his trip back home; they are about to say goodbye. The train doors open, some people come out, others get in while saying their goodbyes to their counterparts. Elio and Oliver aren't moving, they try to delay the inevitable, if only for a few seconds. The voice on the intercom informs that the Express train for Rome is about depart from Platform 1.
99) 1) dialog: Did you get your passport?
100) 0) text: ELIO dials a number on a public phone, he does so mechanically. A few moments later somebody picks up.
100) 1) dialog: Mafalda? Maman... Bonjour. Oui, je vais bien. Je suis a Clusone, 4 la gare. Oui... il est parti. Maman, s'il te plait, tu pourrais venir me chercher? (Mafalda? Mom... Hey. Yes, I'm fine. I'm in Clusone, at the station. Yes.. he left. Mom.. please could you come pick me up?)
101) 0) text: ANNELLA is with ELIO in the car. She is driving back to t villa. ELIO is silent. Oliver’s blue shirt is open over Elio's bare chest and blows in the wind. She looks at him. She reaches out with her free hand and caresses his cheek, the sweetest gesture. Elio’s face crumples. He starts to cry. She wipes his tea away with her free hand but he cannot stop.
101) 3) dialog: Good, thanks. 138 87. Elio tries straightening up to hide his emotions, his fac recently upset by tears.
101) 5) dialog: Pour la vie? (Forever?)
102) 0) text: The car comes through the gate. ANCHISE comes forward and offers to carry the backpack up to his room, ELIO tells h that backpacks should be carried by their owners.
102) 2) dialog: Si, stamattina. (Yes, this morning)
103) 0) text: ELIO meets MAFALDA coming down the stairs.
104) 0) text: Professor PERLMAN is sitting in his usual place, but his chair is turned out to face the garden. On his lap are pr of his latest book. He is drinking. Three large citronell candles next to him keep the mosquitoes away. ELIO comes into the room to say good night. His father pu away his manuscript with a toss and lights a cigarette - last of the day - using one of the citronella candles.
104) 2) dialog: I think he did. PERLMAN takes a drag from his cigarette, then pauses a mo before speaking.
104) 4) dialog: (somewhat evasive) Yes. Another pause, and another drag on his cigarette.
104) 6) dialog: Oliver was Oliver.
104) 8) dialog: (trying to avoid talking about Oliver with his father) Oliver may be very intelligent -
104) 10) dialog: I think he was better than me.
104) 12) dialog: Does mother know? 142 143 Revision91.
105) 0) text: The Perlman villa in Winter. A foggy day. Six months late ELIO walks in the countryside that surrounds the villa.
106) 0) text: ELIO walks through the kitchen and up the stairs. The telephone rings and ELIO runs down the stairs to answer i an expression of excited expectancy on his face. It is OLIVER, calling from New York.
106) 2) dialog: I’m here, I’m here. How are you?
106) 4) dialog: Fine, too... I miss you.
106) 8) dialog: What news? You’re getting married, I suppose. (laughing)
106) 10) dialog: (dumb founded) You never said anything.
106) 12) dialog: But that’s wonderful news!
106) 14) dialog: You're being silly. There is a long silence. ELIO’s genuine congratulatory sm fades. Just then ANNELLA appears, and ELIO hands it to his mothe
106) 17) dialog: (lowering his voice when he is sure they’ve left the room) They know about us...
106) 19) dialog: How? 144 145 93.
106) 21) dialog: (daringly) “Elio, Elio”
107) 0) text: Elio enters the dining room all dressed for the celebrati lunch. Light is dimming outside the windows. Activities around the table between Annella and Mafalda (placing flowers, lighting candles etc) Elio crouches in front of the fire. His face lost in thoughts. The entire end credit scrolls on his close up. Near the end