3) 0) text: In front of the kitchen is a fruit orchard with a variety fruit trees. From outside we see inside MAFALDA at work i charge of the domestic duties of the place, and she is virtually a member of the family. One of the trees is shaking. In the dappled light under t tree we see ANCHISE reaching up into the limbs to pick th ripest peaches. They seem to glow within their foliage as long, gnarled fingers seek them out. He carefully places fruit he has picked in a basket.
3) 1) text: Later. MAFALDA, at the bottom of the stairs, rings a bell She looks up the stairs and, getting no response, rings t bell again. INT. ELIO’S/OLIVER’S ROOM/BATHROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - DUSK ELIO is at the desk in his small “new” bedroom; he is transcribing music. Next to his desk lamp a walkman is playing music. He hears the bell. He enters the bathroom and the door that connects it to t other room is open. OLIVER sleeps in the dim light of sun
5) 0) text: The PERLMANS are eating breakfast outside, in front of th kitchen. OLIVER comes out and sits down, watching how ELI expertly cracks his soft-boiled egg shell, then attempts do the same, but only a tiny bit of the shell is pierced, he pretends to busy himself with his coffee and pushes th egg in its cup away. MAFALDA asks him if he would like ju He says “Please”. She looks down at the discarded egg.
5) 1) dialog: Lasci fare a me, Signore. (Let me) She slices the top off and returns to her kitchen.
11) 10) dialog: Che muvi star!
13) 0) text: Guests are gathering at the table. MAFALDA announces dinn and removes the cards from the table, putting things back order. PERLMAN makes a funny face. Two empty seats around table. The absence of Signor Ulliva is commented upon. MAFALDA asks ELIO, who just showed up, whether Oliver wil joining them. “Sono le otto passate” she says. ANNELLA appears from the living room, followed by her guests.
48) 0) text: ELIO makes himself a smoothie in Mafalda’s kitchen, cutti up a peach, a banana, then a pear, dates. Mafalda wants t it for him and tries to take the knife away. To her, a smoothie is a foreign concoction.
48) 1) dialog: Faccio io. (Let me)
48) 4) dialog: Signora vuole un frullato pure lei? (Madame do you want a smoothie too?)
48) 7) dialog: Ma dove vai a quest’ora? Mi fai preoccupare. (But where at this hour? I worry)
48) 9) dialog: Secondo me non va bene. Signora... (I'd advise against it)
56) 0) text: Later, after dinner. MAFALDA is cleaning up the kitchen. ELIO, restless, comes in and goes to the fridge, scoops u some ice cream into a bowl, and goes outside, eating as h walks. 78 719 80 81 56.
64) 0) text: MAFALDA is cleaning up after lunch. OLIVER comes in.
77) 0) text: Breakfast. The PERLMANS, MAFALDA coming in and out from t kitchen, ELIO. Then OLIVER comes in and sits next to him. When no one is looking, OLIVER slips his smooth foot under Elio’s, as if snuggling it there, instead of placing it on top as he al had before. Calmly, he focuses on his soft-boiled egg. Th eat breakfast.
80) 0) text: MAFALDA is washing dishes in the kitchen. She clears away dessert plates from lunch with their fruit peelings. ANCH enters the room with a basket full of huge, glowing, succulent-looking peaches.
80) 1) dialog: (in Italian) Put them over there. MAFALDA points to the fruit bowl at the center of the tab ELIO enters the kitchen from the outside, with a book in hands and a towel on his shoulders. His eyes fall on the freshly picked fruit. He picks out two and leaves the roo
84) 0) text: Through another lit window, in Mafalda’s part of the hous we can see MAFALDA ironing. She is carefully pressing the sleeve of Oliver’s blue shirt.
87) 0) text: ELIO wears the shirt down to breakfast. No one comments o it, including OLIVER, who puts his bare foot under Elio’s when he takes a seat. 123 124 80. MAFALDA puts an egg down in front of OLIVER, but before s can prepare it for him ELIO takes it and expertly cracks top for him with his spoon. PERLMAN observes his son’s protective concern that no spe of the shell should fall into Oliver’s egg.
103) 0) text: ELIO meets MAFALDA coming down the stairs.
103) 1) dialog: I fixed up your room the way it was. ELIO frowns, angered by this news. INT. OLIVER’S ROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - AFTERNOON 140 Elio’s room, in which Oliver has stayed. Alone now, ELIO enters it and looks around. Everything of his has been pu back, his clothes in the closet and drawers. He drops his backpack on the floor and throws himself down on the sunl bed. The bedspread is the same. He closes his eyes. He is glad to be back in his old room, now full of sustaining memories of Oliver.
107) 0) text: Elio enters the dining room all dressed for the celebrati lunch. Light is dimming outside the windows. Activities around the table between Annella and Mafalda (placing flowers, lighting candles etc) Elio crouches in front of the fire. His face lost in thoughts. The entire end credit scrolls on his close up. Near the end