11) 0) text: A few of ELIO’S FRIENDS play a volleyball game in a makes court set up on the lawn by the main entrance of the vill OLIVER is playing with CHIARA, MARZIA’s slightly older sister, and another BOY. 12. The three make up one side of the game, while the opposin team is made up of THREE OTHERS we haven't met. ELIO sits on the side with MARZIA and another friend MARI All eyes are on OLIVER, the glamorous American who has unexpectedly dropped into their midst. MARZIA and her fri ask questions about him.
11) 1) dialog: (in Italian) Sicuramente @ meglio di quello dell’anno scorso, ti ricordi? (He’s certainly a big improvement from last year, do you remember?) ELIO and MARZIA laugh.
11) 6) dialog: You should relax more.
19) 0) text: OLIVER comes down the stairs of the house followed by ELI They are surprised to find CHIARA and MARZIA there. OLIVE isn’t wearing any shirt and CHIARA makes a ball of the billowy blue shirt he’d been wearing earlier and tosses i him. He puts it over the head of a bronze bust of Elio’s grandmother.
19) 10) dialog: (in French) Allons nous baigner. (Let’s go swimming.)
20) 0) text: A restaurant bar with an open air dancing floor. Everyone dances. CHIARA does her sexy dancing for OLIVER, who is enjoying himself and is a very good dancer. The music is “Paris Latino” by Bandolero. ELIO goes back to their table with MARZIA and one or two the others. He watches CHIARA and OLIVER on the little da floor. She moves her thighs in between his. Their moves a not the moves of people who stop at heavy petting.
20) 6) dialog: (to EVERYONE) Lo vuole a tutti i costi, eh. (She’s really after him, that’s clear.) The music changes, “Love my way” by Psychedelic Furs hits dance floor. At the sound of this song OLIVER changes his of dancing to a more self-obsessed style. A perfect new-w style. 34 24. They all watch OLIVER’s solo act with surprise and amusem ELIO looks at him, mesmerized, until MARZIA pulls him bac the dance floor. There is a strange energy and exchange o glances between them. Elio chooses not to be embarrassed and lets loose with a sharp little solo of his own. The others applaud. Close o Marzia amused.
21) 0) text: ELIO and MARZIA are at the river. They strip their clothe off.
21) 1) dialog: (in french) Tu n'es pas avec moi parce que tu es faché contre Chiara? (You're not with me because you’ re angry with Chiara?)
21) 3) dialog: (in french) A cause de lui. (Because of him.) ELIO shakes his head, feigning a puzzled look meant to sh that he can’t begin to guess where she’d gotten such a notion. They run into the river. They swim and then come ashore. MARZIA (CONT’D) (towelling herself dry with her sweater) Retourne-toi. Ne me regarde pas. (Turn around. Don’t stare at me.) She looks the other way while he gets back into his own clothes. When they are no longer naked he takes her hand kisses it on the palm, then kisses the space between her fingers, then her mouth. She’s slow to kiss him back.
21) 5) dialog: (in french) Ne le dis a personne. (Just don’t tell anyone.) 35 INT. ELIO’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT 35 The same night. All the lights are off. ELIO, sleeping in bed, is woken up by the sound of Oliver peeing in the adjoining bathroom - the careless, uninhibited male force it. ELIO listens, then stands up and goes towards the doo
45) 0) text: In the bocchirale OLIVER meets the sisters MARZIA and CHI They’ re giggling.
46) 0) text: The girls burst into the living room where Elio is lying the couch. CHIARA sits at the foot of it, MARZIA stands peering down at ELIO. He looks up at her a bit sheepishly CHIARA takes a cigarette out of a pack and lights it. She takes a drag on it, then holds it out close to the sole o Elio’s bare foot. He pulls it up fast.
46) 2) dialog: (in French) Laisse-le tranquille! (Leave him alone!) Marzia caresses his hair softly. 65
58) 2) dialog: (in French, there is a flatness of tone) Tu es encore malade? (Are you still sick?)
58) 4) dialog: (in French) OK, je viens. (Yeah. I’11l come.)
59) 0) text: Elio and Marzia are wheeling their bikes through the town streets. Elio sees a bookstand and asks Marzia to hold hi bicycle. We stay with Marzia who sees Elio feverishly bro through the stand. He finds something he likes and buys i Returns to her and gives her the book. On impulse, ELIO kisses MARZIA behind the ear. She seems freeze. He kisses her again and whispers: 82 83
59) 4) dialog: (whispering back, in French) Bien sir que non. (Of course not.) 82
60) 1) dialog: Pourquoi tu m’as acheté ce livre? (Why did you buy me this book?)
60) 3) dialog: Oui, mais pourquoi tu l'as acheté pour moi? Pourquoi m'acheter un livre 4 moi? (Yes but why did you buy it for me? Why buy me a book?)
60) 5) dialog: N’importe qui comprendrait pourquoi et toi tu ne comprends pas! (An idiot would understand why I’m asking but you don’t.)
60) 7) dialog: Tu es désespérant. (You’ re hopeless.)
60) 11) dialog: Sei un coglione. (Tu n'es qu'un crétin) Donne-moi une cigarette. (Give me a cigarette.) They are walking very slowly, wheeling their bikes. There frequent bursts of sound from behind shuttered windows: T family arguments, music. MARZIA (CONT’D) Tu lis vraiment autant que ¢a ? Je veux direi: moi aussi, j'aime lire, mais je ne le dis a personne. (Do you really read that much? Don’t get me wrong. I like to read, too. But I don’t tell anyone.)
60) 13) dialog: Je ne sais pas... Les gens qui lisent sont cachottiers. Ils cachent ce qu'ils sont vraiment. Les gens qui cachent n'aiment pas toujours ce qu'ils sont. (I don’t know.. People who read are hiders. They hide who they are. People who hide don’t always like who they are.) They wheel their bikes in the direction of Piazza Premoli beautiful town square dominated by a marvellous 18th cent palazzo.
60) 15) dialog: Parfois. Pas toi? (Sometimes. Don’t you?)
60) 17) dialog: Non, pas avec toi. Ou si, peut- étre, un petit peu. (No, not from you. Or maybe, yes, a bit.)
60) 19) dialog: Tu sais trés bien ce que je veux dire. (You know exactly like what.)
60) 21) dialog: Pourquoi? Parce que je pense que tu peux me faire souffrir et que je ne veux pas souffrir. (Why? Because I think you can hurt me and I don’t want to be hurt.) She thinks for a moment. MARZIA (CONT’D) Pas parce que tu cherches 4 blesser, mais parce que tu changes toujours d'avis, alors, on ne sait donc jamais a quoi s'en tenir. Tu m'effraies. (Not that you mean to hurt anyone, but because you’ re always changing your mind, so no one knows where to find you. You scare me.) ELIO leans over in one of their pauses and kisses MARZIA lightly on the lips. She stops by the gate of Palazzo Premoli. MARZIA (CONT’ D) Tu m'embrasses encore? (Kiss me again?) Once they are close, he holds her face with both hands an leans into her as they begin to kiss, his hand going up u her shirt, hers goes in his hair. They enter the Palazzo courtyard and enter a dimly lit corner. Her hips respond his, without inhibition. There is nothing between their bodies but their clothes. She slips a hand between them a down into his trousers. 84 85 60. MARZIA (CONT’D) (in a surprised tone) Comme tu es dur! (You’ re so hard.) He tries to speak, tells her “You’re making me harder” - she cuts him off. MARZIA (CONT’D) Embrasse-moi encore. (Kiss me again.) He does so. MARZIA (CONT’D) Ma tu mi vuoi veramente bene? (Tu tiens vraiment a moi?) (Do you really care for me?) She is frank, human, vulnerable, eager to confide. She ke her hand down in his pants as they kiss more passionately and his hands stray all over her body.
61) 0) text: A deserted spot on the river, later. MARZIA and ELIO make love on the grass. He pulls out just in time and ejaculat on her belly. They burst out laughing.
65) 0) text: By the abbeveratoio. ELIO is asleep, his face resting on hand. MARZIA arrives on her bike just as OLIVER leaves on his. They pause in the road to say hello. MARZIA continue towards the house and approaches the sleeping ELIO. 92 93 94 95 64. She plants a light kiss on his forehead, waking him up. H darts a look at his watch: three fifty-five. Later. MARZIA and ELIO are in the abbeveratoio. She slips hand inside his bathing suit and takes hold of him like s did in the street the night before.
65) 1) dialog: Tu ne bandes pas. (You aren’t hard.)
65) 3) dialog: Montons dans ta chambre. (Let’s go up to your room.)
66) 0) text: ELIO and MARZIA, in their swimsuits, run through the kitc Elio holds her hand, almost dragging her. They haven't dr up, and are wetting the floor as they go.
67) 2) dialog: (riant) On va ou??? (laughing) (Where are we going???) They enter a small door on the left end of the corridor.
68) 0) text: A small and narrow spiral staircase. ELIO jogs up the ste with MARZIA.
69) 0) text: ELIO and MARZIA enter the attic, it is filled with old furniture, books, and other unused stuff. 96 97 65. Elio moves a mattress that was leaning on the wall and la it on the ground. They pull off their bathing suits and l on the mattress, ELIO on top. He takes off his watch, pla it on a bed-side table, where he can see it. It is 4:29. The windows are open, but the shutters are half closed. T subdued afternoon light draws slatted patterns on the bed the wall, on MARZIA and ELIO making love.
70) 0) text: MARZIA leaves just before dinner time. ELIO comes down wi her as the evening guests pull up in their car: a GAY COU one tall and thin, the other short and rotund. Both are professors on holiday, and both are wearing purple shirts Each carries a bouquet of white flowers which they presen ANNELLA. ELIO introduces them to MARZIA. They speak terri Italian, one starting a sentence loaded with compliments, other having to finish it. ELIO leads them into the house MARZIA bikes off. INT. ELIO’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - EVENING 97 ELIO finds his father in his room going through all his s shirts hanging in the closet in order to pick out the unwanted present. He hands it to ELIO, who groans.
82) 0) text: ELIO enters the attic. Puts the remaining peach on the ol bedside table and lies down on the mattress where he made love with Marzia. He opens his book and starts reading bu easily distracted, starts looking outside the window at t glorious summer sky. He tries reading again, but still no chance. His gaze sca the room, the abandoned objects, the dark corners... the peaches. He stretches out his hand to one and plays with it. He tu its crease towards him. Then opens it half-way with his thumbs and pushes the pit out. The pit falls on the attic floor. He brings the fuzzy, blush-colored peach to his gr and lowers his swim trunks. He presses himself into it un the parted fruit slides down his erection. The fruit is leaking on him. Though firm, it breaks apart. 76. Holding the two halves of the reddened core in either han he begins to rub himself with them. When his orgasm comes, very soon, he carefully aims the spurts into the open peach. “What a crazy thing this was! thinks, as he holds the fruit in both hands and looks aro He places the two halves of the raped peach on the bedsid table and covers himself with the towel. Later. Elio wakes to the sound of someone entering the at
88) 0) text: Later. ELIO runs down the stairs wearing a bathing suit a OLIVER’s blue shirt, carrying a towel. The front door opens and MARZIA walks in. She looks at hi questioningly. ELIO would like her not to be there.
88) 1) dialog: (in French) Tu as disparu pendant trois jours. (You've been gone three days.)
88) 3) dialog: (in French) Mais tu as disparu... (But you disappeared.) Elio doesn’t know what to say, or do. MARZIA (CONT’D) Am I your girl? (Est-ce que je suis ta copine? Elio doesn't reply. MARZIA leaves, trying to keep from crying.
101) 2) dialog: Ciao. Elio notices her only when she is close. MARZIA (CONT’D) How are you?
101) 4) dialog: (in French) J'ai lu le livre que tu m'as offert, les poémes. Ils sont trés beaux. J’aime beaucoup cette Antonia Pozzi. (I read the book you gave me, the poems, they are beautiful. I really love Antonia Pozzi.) “Nell’aria della stanza - non te guardo - ma gia il ricordo del tuo viso” (In the room’s air - not you do I look at - but already the memory of your face) Elio nods, smiling back at her. MARZIA (CONT’D) I'm sorry you feel so bad. I just wanted to tell you that I'm not mad at you. I love you. (Je suis désolée que tu sois si malheureux. Je voulais juste te dire que je ne t'en veux pas. Je t'aime.) Elio is surprised and comforted by Marzia's words. She extends her hand to him. MARZIA (CONT’D) On reste amis? (Friends.) Elio shakes her hand, then exits the car and hugs her, sighing. Annella is approaching.
101) 6) dialog: Pour la vie. (Forever)