1) 0) text: At the end of the stairs ELIO sees OLIVER being walked to Professor Perlman’s study. Oliver’s suitcase and backpack on the floor nearby. ANNELLA sees Elio approaching and gestures towards them.
1) 3) dialog: (non committal) Hi.
2) 0) text: They head up the stairs together; ELIO lunges for the hea suitcase, OLIVER takes the backpack.
3) 1) text: Later. MAFALDA, at the bottom of the stairs, rings a bell She looks up the stairs and, getting no response, rings t bell again. INT. ELIO’S/OLIVER’S ROOM/BATHROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - DUSK ELIO is at the desk in his small “new” bedroom; he is transcribing music. Next to his desk lamp a walkman is playing music. He hears the bell. He enters the bathroom and the door that connects it to t other room is open. OLIVER sleeps in the dim light of sun
3) 3) dialog: Later. I’1l1 have to pass. (beat) Can you make my excuses to your mother? Elio, backing out of the door with the book, nods that he will. Oliver looks around for a moment. OLIVER (CONT’D) So, this is usually your room.. About to shut the door, ELIO nods. OLIVER (CONT’D) Thanks, buddy. Oliver turns and goes back to sleep. Elio closes the door leaving the room in almost complete darkness.
4) 0) text: The following day. OLIVER is coming down the stairs. Not knowing where to go, he listens for the Perlmans' voices until he sees, through a corridor, the kitchen. Just beyo it, outside in the garden, he can see the family having breakfast. 10
5) 0) text: The PERLMANS are eating breakfast outside, in front of th kitchen. OLIVER comes out and sits down, watching how ELI expertly cracks his soft-boiled egg shell, then attempts do the same, but only a tiny bit of the shell is pierced, he pretends to busy himself with his coffee and pushes th egg in its cup away. MAFALDA asks him if he would like ju He says “Please”. She looks down at the discarded egg.
5) 3) dialog: Big time. ELIO, who has been trying not to stare at their guest and concentrating on spreading honey on a piece of bread, now lifts his head and speaks, growing unnaturally loud:
5) 5) dialog: Good. Are we far from the town? I need to open a bank account. Both Professor PERLMAN and ANNELLA look up, interested.
5) 9) dialog: Is that your orchard?
5) 12) dialog: (shaking his head) I know myself. If I have three, I’1l have a fourth, and more. ELIO has never heard someone Oliver’s age say, I know mys It’s somewhat intimidating. He lowers his eyes. INT. PROFESSOR PERLMAN’S STUDY - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 11 PERLMAN is attempting to devise a new filing system for h correspondence; there are packs of letters lying about an open boxes with more letters. OLIVER is helping him, ELIO with them. The professor makes a joking comment like "My guest from last year was very good at organizing. I on th other hand...”
5) 17) dialog: I beg to differ.
5) 19) dialog: The word is not actually an Arabic word.
5) 21) dialog: It’s a long story, so bear with me, Pro. Many Latin words are derived from the Greek. In the case of ‘apricot’, however, it’s the other way around. (he throws a quick, amused look at ELIO) Here the Greek takes over from Latin. The Latin word was praecoquum, from pre-coquere, pre- cook, to ripen early, as in precocious, meaning premature. The others take this in. ANNELLA is clearly charmed. OLIVER (CONT’D) The Byzantines - to go on - borrowed praecox, and it became prekokkia or berikokki, which is finally how the Arabs must have inherited it as al-barquq. Revision7. There is a moment of silence. ELIO and ANNELLA look at Perlman. OLIVER (CONT’D) Courtesy Philology 101.
6) 0) text: ELIO and OLIVER are riding bicycles, with Elio in the lea They go along the main road towards the town of Crema and bank. The day is already hot.
7) 0) text: ELIO and OLIVER are sitting at the little cafe with iron chairs and tables, drinking coffee. OLIVER examines bank application forms, then folds them up and puts them in hi knapsack. He looks around the almost empty square.
7) 1) dialog: What does one do around here?
7) 3) dialog: What do you do in the winter, then? Don’t tell me: wait for summer, right?
7) 5) dialog: Christmas? 14
7) 7) dialog: I am from a small town in New England. I know what its like to be the odd Jew out. (beat) And what else do you do here in summer, besides this? ELIO smiles, says nothing. They both laugh. OLIVER (CONT’D) What do you do?
8) 0) text: The same day. ELIO is sitting at a table in the shade of house, practicing his guitar. From where he sits he can s OLIVER ride up on his bike and dismount. He has to pass b ANCHISE, who is doing some garden work with small plants a ball of twine. OLIVER stops to watch and converses with ANCHISE in Italian.
8) 2) dialog: Pomodori? Oh, Tomatoes...
8) 4) dialog: Just play it again.
8) 6) dialog: Hated it? What gave you that idea?.. Just play it, will you?
8) 8) dialog: The same one. The tall, half-naked OLIVER, hanging over him intimidatin causes ELIO to get up and enter the house through the big door.
9) 0) text: ELIO plays the piece on the piano. OLIVER leans on the do looking in. The music sounds very different from when he played it on his guitar.
9) 1) dialog: You changed it. What did you do to it? Is it Bach? 16 10.
9) 3) dialog: Just play it again, please! ELIO begins playing the piece again. OLIVER listens, then speaks: OLIVER (CONT’D) I can’t believe you changed it again.
9) 5) dialog: Can’t you just play the Bach the way Bach wrote it?
9) 7) dialog: Forget I asked.
10) 0) text: Another day. OLIVER and ELIO walk down a street; OLIVER steps into a c Some men inside are sitting at two or three tables with playing cards. Waiters bring coffee and other drinks to t customers, the place is lively.
11) 0) text: A few of ELIO’S FRIENDS play a volleyball game in a makes court set up on the lawn by the main entrance of the vill OLIVER is playing with CHIARA, MARZIA’s slightly older sister, and another BOY. 12. The three make up one side of the game, while the opposin team is made up of THREE OTHERS we haven't met. ELIO sits on the side with MARZIA and another friend MARI All eyes are on OLIVER, the glamorous American who has unexpectedly dropped into their midst. MARZIA and her fri ask questions about him.
11) 3) dialog: (back to massaging Elio’s shoulder) Here, let me make it better. Relax. 19 Revision13.
11) 5) dialog: You're stiff as a board. You’re made of knots. (to Marzia) Come here, feel this... MARZIA puts her hands on Elio’s back. OLIVER presses her flattened palm hard against it. OLIVER (CONT’D) Here. Feel it? He should relax more.
13) 0) text: Guests are gathering at the table. MAFALDA announces dinn and removes the cards from the table, putting things back order. PERLMAN makes a funny face. Two empty seats around table. The absence of Signor Ulliva is commented upon. MAFALDA asks ELIO, who just showed up, whether Oliver wil joining them. “Sono le otto passate” she says. ANNELLA appears from the living room, followed by her guests.
15) 0) text: Another day. ELIO is sitting at his usual table under the lime trees, working. From where he's sitting, Elio can se PERLMAN and OLIVER through an open window in his father's study. They are discussing Oliver’s manuscript on Heraclithus. Elio tries to listen.
15) 2) dialog: Go on, I’m okay with criticism.
15) 8) dialog: (nodding) I’m okay with firming up - I’m okay with paradox. Back to the drawing board.
16) 0) text: Later. ELIO sits with his head back on the cushion of his chair, his eyes closed. OLIVER, far away, is sitting on t edge of the trough, his feet in the water, reading the pa from the manuscript he showed Perlman. He looks towards E
16) 1) dialog: (loud) Are you sleeping? He waves a sheet of his manuscript at him.
16) 3) dialog: Just listen to this drivel: “For the early Greeks, Heidegger contends, this underlying hidden- ness is constitutive of the way beings are, not only in relation to themselves but also to other entities generally. In other words, they do not construe hidden- ness merely or primarily in terms of entities' relation to human beings.” Oliver looks at Elio. OLIVER (CONT’D) Does this make any sense to you? Not to me. Nor to your dad. ELIO is pleased that Oliver has asked his opinion on the manuscript.
16) 5) dialog: That’s the kindest thing anyone’s said to me in months. He speaks ever so earnestly, as if hit by a sudden revelation, in a low tone. This makes ELIO feel ill at ea He looks away.
16) 7) dialog: Yes, kind. Silence returns. ELIO looks at OLIVER, in his red bathing suit, lying on the edge of the trough. And OLIVER lets himself fall in the water, to ELIO's surprise.
17) 0) text: ELIO observes OLIVER swimming in the narrow and long ston trough. ANNELLA is close, but she's moving away with a ba of freshly picked fruit. OLIVER comes out of the water wi his green swim trunks.
17) 1) dialog: Elio! What are you doing?
17) 3) dialog: No you’re not.
17) 5) dialog: About?
17) 7) dialog: So you won’t tell me?
17) 9) dialog: (explaining to Annella) So he won’t tell me. In that case I’m going with your mom. Putting on his espadrilles, OLIVER takes ANNELLA's basket follows her to the orchard, goes up to a ladder and climb it, stretching into the branches for the ripe fruit as EL watches. ELIO goes over to them and offers to hold the basket, which is filling with apricots. OLIVER continues toss down fruit to ELIO and ANNELLA below. 29 30 20.
18) 0) text: OLIVER arrives on his bike from town, wearing the blue bathing suit and the blue billowy shirt he had when he fi arrived. The house is quiet and deserted on a Saturday afternoon. INT. ELIO’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - AFTERNOON 30 ELIO is on his bed wearing only a bathing suit. His right hand is down inside his swim suit. He is tense, expectant alert to every sound. There are footsteps just outside hi door. OLIVER, shirtless, enters the room from the bathroo ELIO quickly pulls his bathing suit higher with a jerking movement as if caught in an embarrassing position.
18) 1) dialog: Why aren’t you with the others at the river? ELIO is speechless, out of breath, says:
18) 3) dialog: Me too. We might have the same one. ELIO shrugs. A beat. OLIVER (CONT’D) Want to go for a swim? Just the two of us?
18) 5) dialog: (extending his hand) Let’s go now. ELIO grabs his hand and turns on his side facing the wall away from OLIVER, to prevent him from seeing his confusio but in his movement is also a slight tugging which could pulled OLIVER down on the bed.
18) 7) dialog: I’m going to change. What about you? He leaves Elio’s room. ELIO puts his hand - the one Olive had been holding - down inside his bathing suit, finds it damp, pulls it out, then hits his forehead with his fist saying: “Stupid! Stupid!” He strips off the trunks and, naked and defiant, goes out into the bathroom while grabbing a new pair of trunks. INT. ELIO’S AND OLIVER’S BATHROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - AFTER ELIO, while wearing his swimsuit, gets a glimpse of OLIVE naked in his room.
18) 8) dialog: (calling out as he gets into his bathing suit) See you downstairs!
19) 0) text: OLIVER comes down the stairs of the house followed by ELI They are surprised to find CHIARA and MARZIA there. OLIVE isn’t wearing any shirt and CHIARA makes a ball of the billowy blue shirt he’d been wearing earlier and tosses i him. He puts it over the head of a bronze bust of Elio’s grandmother.
19) 2) dialog: Let me sort these papers out. Or his father will skin me alive.
19) 4) dialog: (returning) Do you type good too?
19) 6) dialog: As good as you speak good?
19) 8) dialog: I need five pages translated per day, to be ready for pickup every morning. Looking up at him.
19) 12) dialog: (mumbled to Elio) Thanks, Buddy. There is an intimacy in these actions that ELIO both enjo and slightly flaunts. In return, CHIARA takes Oliver’s ar move him through the door, leaving the other two to follo As he leaves, OLIVER puts on his blue shirt.
20) 0) text: A restaurant bar with an open air dancing floor. Everyone dances. CHIARA does her sexy dancing for OLIVER, who is enjoying himself and is a very good dancer. The music is “Paris Latino” by Bandolero. ELIO goes back to their table with MARZIA and one or two the others. He watches CHIARA and OLIVER on the little da floor. She moves her thighs in between his. Their moves a not the moves of people who stop at heavy petting.
22) 0) text: The next morning. OLIVER shows off his newly acquired tal with a soft-boiled egg, neatly shearing off the shell. He looks a bit hung-over, with circles under his eyes.
22) 4) dialog: (half-comforting, half- mocking) Better to have tried and failed...
22) 6) dialog: (seemingly off-hand) Try again later. ANNELLA comes in and while she is seating herself, asks:
22) 9) dialog: I’d like that very much.
22) 12) dialog: (teasing) Silent as in too many opinions on things, or silent as in Security: not telling anybody what fabulous things have been dug up?
23) 0) text: Later. ANCHISE is wiping the windshield of the Perlmans’ ELIO comes out just as CHIARA arrives on her bike. She as him where Oliver is.
23) 8) dialog: Are you trying to make me like her? While talking their bare legs briefly collide. 38 39 28.
23) 10) dialog: No harm. Except I like to go at it alone, if you don’t mind. There is a long pause as PROFESSOR PERLMAN comes out and speaks to ANCHISE.
23) 12) dialog: Don’t play at being the good host, just don’t. PERLMAN gets in the front seat. As there seems to be a te silence behind, he turns around as the engine starts.
24) 0) text: PERLMAN drives the car through the countryside, OLIVER ha map open on his legs. Hot air blows in through all the op windows. They are silent as the news plays on the radio, reporting on the P2 Masonic lodge. ELIO looks outside but his attention is drawn to Oliver’s neck.
25) 0) text: PERLMAN, OLIVER and ELIO walk through the magnificent rui of the roman villa overlooking Lake Garda, the Grotte di Catullo (Caves). Perlman is explaining to Oliver that onl part of the archaeological treasures of this area has com light. 40 41 42 29.
26) 0) text: A salvage operation is in progress. Some small boats surr a floating platform. At the center of the platform is a winch. There are scuba divers and other people all around PERLMAN goes in the water and walks through the shallows towards an inflatable boat that is standing by, ready to him to the platform. ELIO is proud of his father and like Oliver is excited. The professor gestures them to join hi
27) 0) text: PERLMAN, OLIVER, ELIO and other men are on the boat, now to the platform. At the center of the platform below the cable of the winc a large opening. A steel cable is lowered into the water steadied by the site workers. The wait. Finally the cable is pulled back up - it pulls antique statue out of the water. PERLMAN, edging closer, watches the operation minutely. A bronze Boxer slowly com up through the opening in the platform, secured by the hu divers, and as it does a chain-metal trap inches undernea it to prevent it from falling back into the water if something should go wrong. The statue, missing its left arm but otherwise intact, is an athlete, a boxer, naked, a kind of finger-less glove a wrist-strap. Like the damaged arm and gloved hand, the st is encrusted with the lake water deposits of a century. I still possible to admire the beauty of the athlete’s face set with enamelled eyes that seem to be staring straight through the murky water at his rescuers. A photographer i fins goes in for a close-up. There is great excitement.
28) 3) dialog: I guess they didn’t need two pairs.
29) 0) text: They swim in a little cove not far from the rig that pull up the bronze Boxer. It is almost dark, with a cloud stre sky reflected in the water. The lights on the rig go on, including a big floodlight. The lake is surrounded by sno capped mountains. Treading water, PERLMAN says to ELIO and OLIVER, who are nearby, and referring to the armed guards left on the floating platform with the athlete:
31) 3) dialog: No Prof, I have to work.
31) 5) dialog: That would be great. INT. OLIVER’S ROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT 46 OLIVER is sitting at his desk in his boxer shorts only, working; only the desk light is on. A lit cigarette betwe his fingers. A radio plays some summer music at a low vol Oliver wraps up his corrections on a page and marks it: “ be typed”. EXT. ROAD / RIVER -— NIGHT 47 ELIO is riding on his bike on the way to the river, tryin catch his date with Marzia. When he gets there, no one is waiting. He calls her name. There is a soft sound, little waves lapping on the river shore. The moon is brighter th ever and has risen considerably.
34) 0) text: The next day. The storm has passed, leaving a coolness. E is playing the piano. He is immersed in thought, his mind elsewhere. He breaks off, gets up, moves from room to roo downstairs. The kitchen is empty as well. It’s the hour o siesta. Oliver’s bike is missing.
35) 0) text: ELIO goes back inside and up the stairs very quietly and along the corridor he shares with Oliver. He approaches Oliver’s door like a detective looking for clues. He is a to open it when he hears the sounds of someone coming up back stairs; he opens the door to his own room instead, a walks in. INT. CORRIDOR / ELIO’S - OLIVER’S ROOM / SHARED BATHROOM
36) 0) text: ELIO runs towards the window at the end of the corridor a looks down from it. No one. Finally Oliver appears going the steps and moving towards the stone trough. Elio runs the stairs and goes down to the ground floor.
37) 0) text: Later. ELIO is sitting under the trees with his score boo open. OLIVER sits on the edge of the stone trough with hi feet in the water, he is wearing his straw hat.
37) 2) dialog: About the knight who doesn’t know whether to speak or die? You told me already.
37) 4) dialog: Well, does he or doesn’t he?
37) 6) dialog: So does he speak?
37) 8) dialog: That figures. Listen, I need to pick up something in town.
37) 10) dialog: Let’s go together.
37) 12) dialog: Why, have you got anything better to do?
37) 14) dialog: So let’s go. ELIO puts down his fountain pen, closes his score book, a in doing so knocks a half-full glass of lemonade onto the grass. It doesn’t break. OLIVER, who is close by, comes o picks it up, and puts it back where it was.
37) 16) dialog: I wanted to. 36.
38) 0) text: On the way to the shed to collect their bikes, they pass ANCHISE, who hands OLIVER his bike with a wry smile. OLIV smiles back.
38) 2) dialog: Grazie. ELIO and OLIVER reach the road, where they pause for a moment. OLIVER pulls up his shirt and pulls down the top his shorts to expose a big scrape and bruise on his left OLIVER (CONT’D) (showing ELIO his wound) I fell the other day on the way back and scraped myself pretty badly. Anchise insisted on applying me some sort of witch’s brew. He also fixed the bike for me. ELIO leans over closely to see Oliver’s scrape, which is smeared with a black unguent.
38) 4) dialog: Who?
38) 6) dialog: (pulling his clothes together and turning out on the road) Of course not. Just a lost soul, really, like most of us.
39) 1) dialog: You want to try one? 37. ELIO nods and OLIVER cups his hands very near Elio’s face lights his cigarette. OLIVER (CONT’D) Not bad, right?
39) 3) dialog: I don’t. (taking another drag) They walk their bikes towards the little World War I memo in the center of the square which is dedicated to the you of the town who perished in the Battle of Piave. They pau moment to read the plaque. OLIVER (CONT’D) World War II? Did the Allies fight near here?
39) 5) dialog: Is there anything you don’t know? I never heard of the Battle of Piave. ELIO looks at OLIVER. He hesitates, then bursts out:
39) 7) dialog: (looking at him steadily You know more than anyone around here.
39) 9) dialog: What things that matter? ELIO looks him straight in the eye for once, summoning up courage:
39) 11) dialog: Why are you telling me all this?
39) 13) dialog: (he repeats ELIO’s words slowly, playing for time as he considers them) Because you thought I should know.
39) 15) dialog: Are you saying what I think you’re saying?
39) 17) dialog: Wait for me here. Don’t go away.
39) 19) dialog: (frowning) They’ ve mixed up my pages and now they have to retype the whole thing. So I have nothing to work on this afternoon. Which sets me back a whole day. Damn! 58 39. ELIO looks as if it has been his fault the typist made a mistake.
39) 21) dialog: I’m going to pretend you never did.
39) 23) dialog: Look, we can’t talk about such things, we really can’t. He slings his bag with its papers around him and the two off down hill.
40) 0) text: Now that ELIO has laid his cards on the table, the scener and the fine weather buoy his spirits. They ride together the empty country road that at this time of day is all fo them. The sun pounds exposed patches along the way, expos the undergrowth. Thirsty they stop by a factory. They loo for water and in the factory Oliver is surprised to see a Mussolini picture hanging on a wall. They laugh. Later, at another crossroad.
40) 2) dialog: It's freezing cold! 40.
40) 4) dialog: Do you like being alone?
40) 6) dialog: Are you always so wise? So very wise?
40) 8) dialog: But you’re doing it now - in a way.
40) 10) dialog: I like the way you say things. Why are you always putting yourself down?
40) 12) dialog: Are you so scared of what others think? Or what I think? ELIO shakes his head. OLIVER waits for ELIO to say something. He stares at him. 41. In the silence of the moment, ELIO stares back. It is the first time ELIO has dared to stare back at OLIVER openly. Before this moment he has always cast a glance, then look away from Oliver’s steely gaze. It is as if, finally, ELI saying to Oliver: This is who I am, this is who you are, is what I want. He stares back with an I-dare-you-to-kiss gaze. OLIVER (CONT’D) You’re making things very difficult for me. ELIO doesn’t back down. Neither does OLIVER.
40) 14) dialog: Because it would be very wrong.
40) 16) dialog: Yes, would. I’m not going to pretend this hasn’t crossed my mind.
40) 19) dialog: Well, it has. There! What did you think was going on?
40) 21) dialog: I see. You've got it wrong, my friend - if it makes you feel better, I have to hold back. It’s time you learned to do that too. Each leaning on one arm, both stare out at the view. OLIVER (CONT’D) You're the luckiest kid in the world. 42.
40) 23) dialog: What? Your family?
40) 25) dialog: Us, you mean? ELIO doesn’t reply. OLIVER moves up close to him. Very cl He stares right in Elio’s face, as though he likes Elio’s face and wants to study it, linger on it. OLIVER touches Elio’s lower lip with his finger, lets it travel left and right, then right and left again. OLIVER smiles at ELIO as he lies there, and that very smile fill ELIO with a kind of apprehension about what will happen n What happens next is that OLIVER brings his lips to Elio’ mouth in a warm I’1l-meet-you-halfway-but-no-further kiss conciliatory kiss. ELIO’s return kiss is so famished he l himself in it. OLIVER (CONT’D) (afterwards) Better now? ELIO doesn’t answer. He kisses OLIVER again, lifting his face, as if to discover more, know more. Even with their faces touching, their bodies are angles apart. ELIO lifts knee as if to face OLIVER. OLIVER (CONT’D) I think we should go.
40) 27) dialog: We can’t do this - I know myself. So far we’ve behaved. We’ve been good. Neither of us has done anything to feel ashamed of. Let’s keep it that way. I want to be good. 59 60 43.
40) 29) dialog: Just don’t. He gives Elio his hand and helps him stand up. He pulls u his shirt to examine the scrape. OLIVER (CONT’D) I should make sure it doesn’t get infected.
41) 2) dialog: Don’t say that.
41) 4) dialog: You just rhymed.
42) 0) text: Lunch. A middle-aged ART HISTORIAN COUPLE have been invit to lunch. The man is pompous, his wife no less so, droppi Italian expressions constantly into her conversation. Bot are English. ELIO and OLIVER can hardly keep from laughin PERLMAN shoots his son a warning glance. 61 62
44) 1) dialog: Elio! Where are you? 45. OLIVER is the bocchirale [hallway], looking for him. Elio waves from the bar. Oliver goes over to him. ELIO smiles ruefully. OLIVER (CONT’D) Was it my fault?
44) 3) dialog: I guess. The ancients said it never hurts to be bled from time to time.
44) 5) dialog: My Jewish grandmother. She did it all the time to us. Elio looks again at Oliver’s necklace with the Star of Da on his chest.
44) 7) dialog: You don’t ever wear it?
44) 9) dialog: I guess that fits your mom...
44) 11) dialog: (giving a final tug to one of Elio’s big toes, and getting up) I hope not. 63 64 46. OLIVER (CONT’D) Are you going to be okay?
44) 13) dialog: Come on, stand up. Lie on the couch, rest a little. I’11l stick around. Oliver helps Elio up.
45) 0) text: In the bocchirale OLIVER meets the sisters MARZIA and CHI They’ re giggling.
45) 2) dialog: I think so. He gave me a scare. Bleeding all over the dining table.
47) 0) text: ELIO walks into the fresh water and swims. Down the river a group of his FRIENDS playing on the grass, Oliver isn’t there. Elio is not unhappy. There is a rippling shaft of sunlight on the water directly towards him. He swims into
49) 0) text: After dinner. ELIO is in the terrazza, waiting for Oliver return. He tries to read a book but he cannot concentrate notice that he is now wearing his Star of David.) INT. ELIO’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT 67 Late night. ELIO is sitting at his desk, wide awake. He h left the bathroom door intentionally ajar, hoping that th light from the foyer might stream in just enough to revea his body. As ELIO hears OLIVER step onto the landing in t hall, he jumps back in his bed pretending to be asleep. OLIVER walks past Elio’s room without stopping, without e a hesitation, and goes into his own room and shuts the do A few moments later ELIO hears Oliver open the door from bedroom into their common bathroom. Then he hears the doo into his own room from the bathroom click shut, as if bei locked. ELIO sits up in bed. 68 Revision50.
50) 0) text: The next day. ELIO is the last to arrive. He pretends to ignore OLIVER, who is cracking open the top of his soft- boiled egg. ANNELLA looks at OLIVER in a worried way:
50) 3) dialog: (speaking down into the messy egg-cracking business) I never lose, Pro.
50) 5) dialog: I pay my own way. I’ve paid my way since high school. My father couldn’t possibly disapprove.
50) 7) dialog: (buttering his bread) That - and other things.
50) 9) dialog: Neither does my father. And to be perfectly frank, I don’t think I care to remember myself. ELIO looks up at this.
50) 11) dialog: Save and invest, Pro.
50) 13) dialog: Mistaken turns? I can’t picture you even imagining a mistaken turn.
50) 15) dialog: Sometimes the traviamento turns out to be the right way, Pro. Or as good a way as any. I know myself.
50) 18) dialog: Tonight, I promise, Signora P., No poker, no drinking. I’1l put on clean clothes, go over my manuscript, and after dinner we’1ll all watch TV and play canasta, like old folks in Little Italy. ANNELLA sighs melodiously, relieved that Perlman’s words convinced him to stay home and rest. 69 52. She offers Oliver more coffee, tells her seventeen year o son not to slouch in his chair. MAFALDA brings in some apricot juice in a chilled silver pitcher.
51) 0) text: OLIVER is doing some work for Perlman, specify. He seems at work and does not look up as ELIO approaches. ELIO doe know how to break the silence. Then he sees and kicks the volleyball lying under the nearby lime trees. The ball hi Oliver “waking him up” from his work.
51) 2) dialog: Why didn’t you come into town? Elio stops the ball.
51) 4) dialog: We had a nice time. You would have too. Did you rest at least? Mafalda said you went swimming.
51) 6) dialog: Later, maybe.
51) 8) dialog: Ummmm. I see.
51) 11) dialog: I’ll pick it up for you if you want.
51) 13) dialog: You mean like the other day?
51) 15) dialog: That voice of wisdom is your most winning trait. Do you like me that much, Elio?
51) 17) dialog: I’1l go with you but - no speeches.
51) 19) dialog: (gathering his things) What do you say we grab our bikes in half an hour? 72 73 74 75 54.
53) 0) text: ELIO and OLIVER walk their bikes along the streets of Cre ELIO stops and gives a book to OLIVER, who opens it and r what he has written.
53) 1) dialog: Zwischen Immer und Nie... (For you in silence, somewhere in Italy in the mid-eighties). This is the best present I’ve received all year.
54) 0) text: On the return ride, ELIO ignores the turn to “his place”, Fontanili. OLIVER, on the other hand, recognizes it, and he passes sees the pathway disappearing into the trees. Oliver’s POV of the path. 76 77 55.
55) 0) text: The PERLMANS are sitting having a drink at sundown. They joined by OLIVER, his hair glistening and slicked back af his late afternoon shower. He makes himself a light drink eases back into his chair with a sigh of content. His ‘st look beams all over his features.
55) 2) dialog: I’ll miss all this, Mrs. P.
55) 8) dialog: It’s going.
55) 10) dialog: Not tonight. Maybe tomorrow.
57) 0) text: ELIO stands in the garden with the bowl of ice cream and looks up at Oliver’s window. There is a faint glow, like of a desk lamp. A red bathing suit is drying. From inside we hear the sound of the Perlmans’ television
62) 0) text: Breakfast. PROFESSOR PERLMAN sits behind his newspaper, w a very sleepy ELIO cracks his egg. OLIVER walks in, sits down, and without looking at ELIO, says:
62) 1) dialog: Did you enjoy yourself last night?
62) 7) dialog: They’re amazing. But these are far more... sensual.
63) 6) dialog: What's the time? Oliver reaches for Elio’s wrist, But Elio pulls away and up the stairs.
64) 0) text: MAFALDA is cleaning up after lunch. OLIVER comes in.
64) 1) dialog: (in his halting Italian) Mafalda, non sar6 con voi a cena stasera. (I won’t be home for dinner this evening).
65) 0) text: By the abbeveratoio. ELIO is asleep, his face resting on hand. MARZIA arrives on her bike just as OLIVER leaves on his. They pause in the road to say hello. MARZIA continue towards the house and approaches the sleeping ELIO. 92 93 94 95 64. She plants a light kiss on his forehead, waking him up. H darts a look at his watch: three fifty-five. Later. MARZIA and ELIO are in the abbeveratoio. She slips hand inside his bathing suit and takes hold of him like s did in the street the night before.
72) 0) text: ELIO is playing the piano. For his final selection, he ha chosen a piece by Poulenc. The others listen almost reverently. His wristwatch is on the piano. As he is concluding, OLIVER comes in from outside and mak his way towards the stairs. The others turn as he passes. smiles in greeting, and makes “I don’t want to disturb yo motions with his hands before disappearing. ELIO is unperturbed. The sudden appearance of OLIVER may inject a dash of fire to the final - if wee-bit hurried - notes. ELIO stands up as his audience applauds and makes a littl bow.
73) 0) text: ELIO runs into the corridor and reaches the balcony where OLIVER is smoking.
73) 1) dialog: I’m glad you came. I could hear you moving in your room and for a while I thought you were getting ready to go to bed, had changed your mind.
73) 3) dialog: Sometimes. 105 68.
73) 5) dialog: Me too.
73) 8) dialog: (placing the full ashtray onto the floor) Come, sit. Hestitating, ELIO crawls onto the bed and sits facing him cross-legged like Oliver, making sure their knees don’t touch. Needing suddenly to shed his shyness and inhibitio ELIO decides he has to lean against something and slides to the top of the bed, resting his back against the headb beside OLIVER. ELIO looks down at the bed and at the two of them side by side on it, a moment he has dreamed of. Now here we are, thinks, hardly able to believe it. As if to highlight tha moment, OLIVER stretches his legs out, his bare feet next ELIO’s own. OLIVER (CONT’D) You okay?
73) 10) dialog: What are you doing?
73) 12) dialog: That’s a start. ELIO shrugs, not wanting to speak. OLIVER (CONT’D) Does this make you happy? You aren’t going to have a nosebleed are you? It does, and ELIO nods yes, then no. Finally, OLIVER brin his arm around ELIO. He doesn’t stroke him, doesn’t hold tight. ELIO loosens his own hold for a moment, giving him time enough to bring both his hands, seeking skin, under Oliver’s loose shirt and resume his embrace. OLIVER (CONT’D) You sure you want this? ELIO nods again, Yes. OLIVER (CONT’D) We haven’t talked. ELIO shrugs his shoulders, meaning "No need to." OLIVER lifts Elio’s face with both hands and stares at hi the way he did on the cliff, even more intensely. OLIVER (CONT’D) Can I kiss you? Then he suddenly pulls back, as if he might laugh, and ru his fingers through Elio’s hair, messing it up. ELIO brings his mouth to Oliver’s in a fiercely eager kis Something seems to clear away between them, and both aban themselves to the kiss. ELIO hungrily kisses Oliver’s clo eyes, his nose, his ears, his throat, discovering them wi his lips. OLIVER kisses him back as eagerly, even roughly ELIO gets under the covers. There are some things lying o the bed that hadn’t been removed - a book, some magazines pack of cigarettes, and ELIO slips a foot under them as i they weren’t there; they all fall onto the floor. OLIVER gets under the covers too and starts to undress EL OLIVER (CONT’D) (whispering) Off, and off, and off, and off... (tossing them away 70. ELIO is soon naked and lies back under the sheet in a kin ecstasy as OLIVER moves his hands over his body, as inquisitive as Marzia’s had been the night before in the street. When OLIVER pulls the sheet back, ELIO loves bein naked before him. No secrets. OLIVER kisses him, kisses h body, takes his penis (off-screen) briefly in his mouth, returns to kiss Elio’s open lips again more deeply, as if too is finally letting go. OLIVER is also naked, and not part of him isn’t touching ELIO now. They stare at each other. ELIO looks away, because OLIVER is staring at him. Then h looks back, and now stares at OLIVER, as they settle into mock wrestling position with Oliver’s shoulders rubbing Elio’s knees. ELIO looks into Oliver’s eyes in an intensi of love and expectation, wanting this moment to last fore knowing there will be no coming back from this. When it happens - when OLIVER enters ELIO - there is a de of pain and discomfort. ELIO flinches and fights an impul to stop him, which OLIVER sees. OLIVER (CONT’D) You’ re okay? An eternity seems to pass between Elio’s reluctance to ma up his mind and Oliver’s instinct to make it up for him. They fuck. Bodies are entangled. Elio is flushed, turning from side to side as he alternates obscenities with Olive name; Oliver’s face is more implacable, his lips softly repeating what ELIO says, until he bends forward to say t him: OLIVER (CONT’D) Call me by your name and I’11 call you by mine. They continue their rhythm, taking ELIO in a realm he has never known before, and murmuring his own name as if it w Oliver’s: Elio... Elio... Elio. The Star of David bounces Oliver’s chest.
73) 15) dialog: Nothing to worry about.
73) 17) dialog: She won’t find any.
73) 19) dialog: You're not happy. You’re feeling sick about it, aren’t you? ELIO shrugs the comment away not wanting Oliver looking i his heart. OLIVER (CONT’D) I knew we shouldn’t have. I knew it. We should have talked.
73) 21) dialog: (stung, “maybe” isn’t the word he wanted to hear Did you hate it?
73) 23) dialog: You can go back to sleep, if you want. ELIO reaches up and hugs him, then closes his eyes. OLIVE continues to study his face, his own expression one of uncertainty. With his eyes still shut, ELIO says, “You’re staring at me.” But at once he opens them again and sits brushing Oliver’s hand away, and rises gingerly from the
74) 0) text: In the dim light of dawn, OLIVER and ELIO leave the villa bikes.
75) 0) text: At the river, OLIVER walks knee-deep in the water with th blue shirt on, then dives in and swims away. Elio is swim 200 meters away, from a distance they look like two compl strangers.
76) 0) text: ELIO and OLIVER walk towards their bikes.
76) 1) dialog: Are you going to hold last night against me?
76) 3) dialog: Take your trunks off. Surprised, ELIO, who doesn’t have it in him at this momen disagree, lowers them and gets out of them. He feels awkw 111 112 Revision73. OLIVER (CONT’D) Sit down. ELIO does, and almost before he’s settled, OLIVER brings mouth to Elio’s penis and takes it all in (off-screen) . OLIVER (CONT’D) (with a wry smile) Well, this is promising. You’re hard again. Good. He jumps up and goes out in an instant. ELIO lifts himsel out of the low chair carefully and pulls on his pajama bottoms. Then he throws himself across his bed.
77) 0) text: Breakfast. The PERLMANS, MAFALDA coming in and out from t kitchen, ELIO. Then OLIVER comes in and sits next to him. When no one is looking, OLIVER slips his smooth foot under Elio’s, as if snuggling it there, instead of placing it on top as he al had before. Calmly, he focuses on his soft-boiled egg. Th eat breakfast.
77) 1) dialog: I’m going to town, I have to collect my typed up pages. Later I'd like to show them to you, Professor.
77) 3) dialog: So.. Later! More laughing. OLIVER leaves the table and walks away. EL stands and follows, as his parents look at him.
78) 0) text: ELIO pulls his bike out and at the gate, a bit gingerly, on it. It hurts, but he goes after Oliver. 113
79) 0) text: The central square with Crema's Duomo. ELIO sees OLIVER a the newstand, sitting on his bike and scanning the headli of the International Herald Tribune, before heading in th direction of the post office. ELIO rushes up to him.
79) 1) dialog: Something wrong?
79) 3) dialog: Aren’t you sick of me?
79) 5) dialog: Do you have any idea how glad I am we slept together?
79) 7) dialog: It’s just like you not to know. I don’t want you to regret any of it. I just dread the thought of having messed you up. I don’t want either of us to have to pay one way or another.
79) 9) dialog: I didn’t mean that. I’m sure I’11l pay for it somehow, though. For you, however you think of it, it’s still fun and games, which it should be. For me it’s something else which I haven’t figured out, and the fact that I can’t scares me.
79) 11) dialog: I’d kiss you if I could. 114 115 116 75.
82) 1) dialog: I was looking everywhere for you... What are you doing up here? OLIVER sits next to him on the mattress. He starts kissin him on one arm. He removes the towel to reveal, to his surprise, that Elio is not wearing his swimsuit. He then swiftly leans down bringing his lips to Elio's groin, but after a moment he looks up with a questioning expression. OLIVER (CONT’D) What have you done? OLIVER looks at the broken peach beside them. He picks it OLIVER (CONT’D) (holding it out) Is this what I think it is? ELIO nods in mock shame. OLIVER (CONT’D) You tried out the plant kingdom? Next will be minerals? You’re rejecting the animal kingdom already? That would be me, I suppose.
82) 3) dialog: I wish everyone were as sick as you. Want to see sick? He peers into the peach for a moment, ELIO pretends to hi his eyes. OLIVER (CONT’D) Now may I taste it?
82) 5) dialog: The peach juice helps a lot. (offering it) Want to try it?
82) 7) dialog: (still holding the peach away from ELIO) Nonsense. I wanted you from day one. I just hid it better. ELIO lunges out again to grab the fruit from Oliver’s han but with his other hand OLIVER catches hold of his wrist squeezes it hard.
82) 9) dialog: Then let go. ELIO reaches out to him, bursting into tears. He muffles sobs against Oliver’s bare shoulder. Then OLIVER holds hi close. OLIVER (CONT’D) (as if soothing a child) Whatever happens between us, Elio, I just want you to know..
82) 11) dialog: (taking hold of Elio’s hand) Don’t ever say you didn’t know. They kiss as lovers committing themselves. 117 118 119 78.
84) 0) text: Through another lit window, in Mafalda’s part of the hous we can see MAFALDA ironing. She is carefully pressing the sleeve of Oliver’s blue shirt.
85) 2) dialog: Things. Going back to the States. The courses I have to teach this fall. My book. You.
85) 4) dialog: No one else. Silence.
85) 6) dialog: Wasted? I don’t know.
85) 8) dialog: I did. At least I tried.
85) 10) dialog: Once, when we were playing volleyball, I touched you... Just as a way of showing... I liked you. The way you reacted made me feel I’d almost molested you. I decided to keep my distance.
86) 0) text: From the open window of their bedroom the Perlmans can he Elio and Oliver talking. Not the words. But the tone of t conversation is undeniably intimate. ANNELLA is on a small sofa. PERLMAN is already in bed, th look at each other for a long moment. The off-screen voic are almost whispers, they continue. PERLMAN stands, moves sofa chair to be closer to his wife, then sits on it. He takes her hand and kisses it.
87) 0) text: ELIO wears the shirt down to breakfast. No one comments o it, including OLIVER, who puts his bare foot under Elio’s when he takes a seat. 123 124 80. MAFALDA puts an egg down in front of OLIVER, but before s can prepare it for him ELIO takes it and expertly cracks top for him with his spoon. PERLMAN observes his son’s protective concern that no spe of the shell should fall into Oliver’s egg.
88) 0) text: Later. ELIO runs down the stairs wearing a bathing suit a OLIVER’s blue shirt, carrying a towel. The front door opens and MARZIA walks in. She looks at hi questioningly. ELIO would like her not to be there.
89) 0) text: By the pool. PERLMAN and ANNELLA sit at a table in their bathing suits having a drink. ELIO and OLIVER sit on the of the pool at the other end, their feet in the water.
90) 0) text: OLIVER and ELIO, still wearing their swimsuits, are in fr of the War World I Memorial for Fallen Soldiers, in the nearby town of Pandino. Elio crosses the steps and tries put his arms around it; he stands there spread-eagled.
90) 2) dialog: Let’s see. OLIVER goes up and his arms flung out. Then attacks the problem from the other side of the monument, facing it, a putting his arms around it in a kind of embrace. Unseen by them, a young couple - a boy anda girl - are embracing in the underbrush nearby. They smile at the two young men and renew their own hugging. They look like a shepherd and shepherdess, wearing simple, everyday work clothes. Unseen, they watch ELIO and OLIVER, whose extended finger almost touch, but not quite. tee eH
90) 3) text: 126 127 128 Revision82. They are still several inches apart as they stretch their bodies, exhaling with their effort. But the stone gleams stubbornly in the space between their fingers. OLIVER decides to cheat, and moves in ELIO’s direction, u they make contact. They yell and OLIVER gathers ELIO into arms and kisses him. The boy and girl in the shadows resume their own kiss. OLIVER puts a hand inside ELIO’s bathing suit, but ELIO pushes him away.
91) 0) text: OLIVER puts his suitcases in the open trunk of a waiting coach. He is saying his goodbyes to the PERLMANS before h and ELIO get on it. ANNELLA kisses Oliver with great affection; PERLMAN shakes his hand warmly, all formality gone. Both say “Come back soon!" The driver closes the tr ELIO says goodbye to his parents, unable to hide an hones smile of happiness. Chiara arrives driving her bike to salute Oliver but the coach is leaving... The Perlmans and Chiara watch the coach drive away as Eli and Oliver take seats inside it.
92) 0) text: Oliver smiles and waves to Chiara on the half-crowded bus OLIVER dozes off, his head on ELIO’s shoulder. ELIO looks him, his gaze full of unaccountable emotions. Outside the window the summer landscape changes from the plains into the first alps, the Orobie.
93) 0) text: A small forest of beech and fir trees. ELIO and OLIVER wa on a trail with their backpacks.
93) 1) text: eet 129 130 83. They cross a small bridge over a creek and reach a large grass field, looking towards the mountain patiently await something. Oliver looks at ELIO and hugs him, a friendly grab-hug. T a hand moves down on Elio's thigh, and he looks around. The explosion of water in the mountain is violent and unexpected. The river leaps three times on the rocks befo it reaches the bottom of the valley. OLIVER jumps up and very American impulse howls at this spectacle of water. E laughs. They run to the water and disappear into the casc
94) 0) text: ELIO and OLIVER enter their hotel bedroom in Bergamo. The look around and laugh, for no apparent reason. Later. There is a large window looking out over the front entrance of the hotel and a parking lot adjoining it. OLIVER stands looking out as ELIO comes up from behind hi putting his arms around Oliver’s waist. Both are wearing boxer shorts.
95) 0) text: Elio and Oliver are drunk. They stroll in the streets of old town, stumbling, laughing. Taking advantage of a dese alley OLIVER pushes ELIO against the wall and kisses him. Then suddenly stops.
95) 2) dialog: Listen!
95) 4) dialog: This song!
95) 6) dialog: Let’s go! 131 132 84.
96) 0) text: In a small square in the old part of town three young men a girl are leaning on a wall. They are wearing oversized jackets and make-up; they are early examples of the "New Romantic" fashion. At their feet is a radio playing “Love My Way”, the song was also playing at the open-air dancing bar a few weeks earlier. OLIVER looks at ELIO as if to say "See?", then salutes the youngsters, only to be ignored.
96) 1) dialog: Psychedelic Furs. The best! The New Romantics seem uninterested. OLIVER starts dancin as we already saw him do, alone. He then grabs the girl, intending for her to dance with him, and it seems like th situation could go badly. OLIVER (CONT’D) (in lousy Italan) Li ho visti a New York l’anno scorso. Richard Butler... spettacolo! (I saw them in New York last year. Richard Butler... awesome!)
96) 3) dialog: Best way to travel around! So the other New Romantics join the dance, with their syncopated moves. ELIO doesn't dance, he looks, uncertain the song's climax he bursts out puking suddenly and abundantly.
97) 0) text: OLIVER holds ELIO's forehead as he pukes. Elio stands awa from the wall making an "I'm okay now" gesture, and goes the fountain nearby to splash water on his face.
98) 0) text: OLIVER and ELIO are hugging on their hotel bed. OLIVER lo at ELIO sleeping. A HISSING sound in the distance.
99) 0) text: It is the sound of a train arriving at the station, on th main platform. ELIO and OLIVER together look at the train come to a stop ELIO is wearing Oliver’s blue shirt. On the platform are few travellers ready to leave. Oliver's bags are those fo his trip back home; they are about to say goodbye. The train doors open, some people come out, others get in while saying their goodbyes to their counterparts. Elio and Oliver aren't moving, they try to delay the inevitable, if only for a few seconds. The voice on the intercom informs that the Express train for Rome is about depart from Platform 1.
99) 2) dialog: Yeah, I did. The travellers are all on the train, except for Oliver.. The conductor is a few cars down, looking at his watch. A moment of suspended, cruel silence. OLIVER (CONT’D) There's emptiness behind your eyes/ there's dust in our hearts/ Love my way, it's a new road... Elio listens to these words, which Oliver starts to sing sweetly, whispering. OLIVER (CONT’D) I follow where my mind goes, so swallow all your tears, my love/ And put on your new face/ You can never win or lose, if you don't run the race. They hug. OLIVER grabs his bags and enters the train. 135 136 137 86. The train leaves. Elio watches it disappear in the distan Wiped out, he walks along the platform and sits on a benc his gaze lost in thoughts. After a long beat he stands an to the...
101) 0) text: ANNELLA is with ELIO in the car. She is driving back to t villa. ELIO is silent. Oliver’s blue shirt is open over Elio's bare chest and blows in the wind. She looks at him. She reaches out with her free hand and caresses his cheek, the sweetest gesture. Elio’s face crumples. He starts to cry. She wipes his tea away with her free hand but he cannot stop.
106) 0) text: ELIO walks through the kitchen and up the stairs. The telephone rings and ELIO runs down the stairs to answer i an expression of excited expectancy on his face. It is OLIVER, calling from New York.
106) 1) dialog: Elio? Are you there?
106) 3) dialog: Fine. How are your parents?
106) 5) dialog: I miss you too. Very much. (long beat) I have some news.
106) 9) dialog: I might be getting married this spring.
106) 11) dialog: It’s been off and on for two years.
106) 13) dialog: Do you mind?
106) 18) dialog: I figured.
106) 20) dialog: From the way your father spoke - he made me feel like a member of the family - almost like a son-in-law. You’ re lucky. My father would have carted me off to a correctional facility.
106) 22) dialog: (After a very long beat) Oliver.. I remember everything INT.PROFESSOR PERLMAN’S STUDY - PERLMAN VILLA - AFTERNOON The PERLMANS and MAFALDA are at a big table spread out wi what look like application letters, with photos attached. It’s the ritual that takes place every year, they evaluat several letters of proposal sent by advanced graduate students in America, or young aspiring scholars from ther It's the ritual that brought about the choice of Oliver l year. ELIO enters the room, he looks over the photos, the resum There are half a dozen young men and a couple of young wo