0) 7) dialog: Am I what?
0) 11) dialog: Of course.
0) 14) dialog: I dare say we might be.
0) 18) dialog: Could we get on before I freeze to death? The maid shuts the car door, climbs in and the journey continues. The credits end. EXT, GOSFORD PARK. DAY. The great house stands confidently in its park, proclaimi social pre-eminence. As the car continues down the drive, catches the attention of a beautiful woman who is canteri her horse, Topaz. She wears jodphurs and a loosely tied n scarf over her hacking jacket. This is Lady Sylvia McCord daughter of an earl and doyenne of Gosford. She digs in h heels and heads for the house. As she arrives at the front steps, the Novello car is mov away to the side and Novello himself, with his companion, being shepherded inside by the butler, Jennings. A footma (Arthur) holds an umbrella. With them is the owner of all surveys, Sir William McCordle, bart, a rich parvenu and p it. In his arms he holds a wiry unattractive terrier The of Constance makes him turn back.
0) 20) dialog: If he has to call me by my christian name, why can’t he make it “Aunt Constance”? I’m not the upstairs maid.
0) 22) dialog: I see he's still got that vile dog.
0) 26) dialog: Fairly horrid.
0) 132) dialog: Tell me, how much longer do you think you'll go on making films?
0) 134) dialog: I expect it's hard to know when it's time to throw in the towel...What a pity about that last one of yours. What was it? *The Dodger"?
0) 136) dialog: It must be so disappointing...When something just flops like that. After all the hard work.
0) 213) dialog: But what a waste! If you‘re not shooting either, then they'll only be six! William? Isn‘t that a shame... She addresses William who stands in the library doorway w Louisa. Anthony makes a move to speak to him but William' deter him.
0) 215) dialog: Well, I am surprised. Normally anything to do with shooting or those wretched guns is sacrosanct. What is your secret, I wonder? Ivor drifts over to Sylvia.
0) 226) dialog: Sylvia's so clever. She always finds such wonderful servants. I don't know how she manages. I'm breaking in a new maid and I'm simply worn out with it. There's nothing more exhausting, is there?
0) 228) dialog: I was just telling dear Mabel here about my new maid. Honestly, for all the help I have to give her, she should be paying me...
0) 230) dialog: Well of course what she is, my dear, is wonderfully cheap. She laughs softly with her niece. During all this, George removed the cloth, and folded the tea-table. 23 16 INT. IRONING AND SEWING ROOM. DAY.
0) 281) dialog: Rather a mixed bag. That Mr Weissman’s very odd. Apparently he's in films. He directs something called “The Charlie Chan Mysteries.” Or does he produce them? I never know the difference.
0) 283) dialog: I suppose it’s fun to have a film star staying but there’s always so little to talk about after the first flush of recognition. And why has Freddie Nesbitt brought that awful, common wife of his? Isobel only asked him because a gun dropped out and that’s no excuse to inflict her on us all. And I'm told he’s been sacked from his bank now, Thank heaven he’s a younger son... So, what's the gossip in the servants’ hall?
0) 285) dialog: Nonsense. Out with it.
0) 289) dialog: Is that what they’re saying?
0) 291) dialog: What would you say if I told you they cut cards for him?
0) 293) dialog: O£ course not. Now, tomorrow morning I'll breakfast in bed and get straight up into the tweeds. What shirt have you brought?
0) 295) dialog: Oh no, dear. Quite wrong. Always something very plain for country sports. The one IT had on today will do.
0) 297) dialog: Well? You can wash it, can’t you. God, I hate shooting. Why does one have to do these things?
0) 299) dialog: Maybe not but he would. He’s terribly touchy. Worse since they made him a baronet. Now he thinks he’s the last Plantagenet and takes offence accordingly. (CONTINUED )
2) 5) dialog: t was wondering if I could have a word with you. Alone. After dinner.
2) 7) dialog: You'll make that dog sick. Weissman is talking to Louisa.
2) 199) dialog: They always send up a good breakfast here. I‘ll say that for Sylvia. She's not at all mean in that way... Mary places the pretty tray across her mistress. Constanc the lid of a china jam pot and wrinkles her nose.
2) 200) dialog: Bought marmalade! Dear me. I call that very feeble.. Oh well. I suppose one can’t have everything. Mary, I don’t think I will wear that shirt after all. The check’s warmer and that’s all I care about. She starts to eat. Mary, suppressing irritation, looks ou the window.
2) 205) dialog: Ugh. Look. It’s already starting to rain.
2) 207) dialog: Nursery stew in a howling draft? I doubt it. EXT. GOSFORD PARK. DAY. Strutt is with the loaders. It is drizzling slightly.
2) 270) dialog: Did you find one?
2) 276) dialog: Goody. I’m starving. I do love a shooting luncheon. Mary looks up. Sylvia is examining her daughter dispassio
2) 282) dialog: And has anyone checked her outfit? She’s probably in black velvet with a feather in her hair.
2) 284) dialog: Me? I haven‘t a snobbish bone in my body . indignant at the charge. Isobel at the rear, this moment with Mary. INT. ROBERT’S ATTIC ROOM. DAY.
2) 316) dialog: Isn't this fun? There’s nothing like a day out with the guns, is there?
2) 341) dialog: I love a picnic, don’t you? INT. MAIDS’ ATTIC CORRIDOR. DAY. Elsie, in a dressing-gown and carrying a sponge bag, open door at the end of the corridor. We hear a squawk and a s INT. SERVANTS’ ATTIC BATHROOM. DAY. The room is small and spartan without decoration of any s Mary, embarrassed and covering herself, has been surprise the bath.
2) 373) dialog: You must know. You can’t fool me. If there’s one thing I don’t look for in amaid, it’s discretion. Except with my own secrets, of course.
2) 376) dialog: EZ don’t know what you mean.
2) 378) dialog: But it’s for life! That was settled! He can’t do that!
2) 382) dialog: Now that you can be discreet about...
2) 400) dialog: Would anyone care for a game of bridge after dinner?
2) 404) dialog: Who else? What about you, Louisa?
2) 411) dialog: How horrid! And who turns out to have done it?
2) 413) dialog: But none of us will ever see it. Her rudeness is quite unconscious. Rupert feels sorry for Weissman.
2) 451) dialog: My maid was saying how sensible you are to travel light. After all, why should one wear a different frock every evening. We're not in a fashion parade. The players have drawn for dealer and Constance has won. Isobel cuts the cards for her, Mabel wanders over to the in her humiliation. INT. UPSTAIRS HALL AND CORRIDOR. EVE. Robert and Mary are walking towards one of the two green doors.
2) 461) dialog: What a lovely, long repertoire. Rupert whispers to Isobel over their cards.
2) 472) dialog: You‘re spoiling us, Mr Novello. Quel embarras de richesses...Where on earth has Freddie got to?
2) 491) dialog: Where’s Anthony? You don’t suppose he’s gone to worry William again, do you?
3) 128) dialog: He must have forgotten to bring one. And when you think what they have to carry about, all those gemmies and torches and skeleton keys... it’s a miracle anyone ever gets burgled at all, It's worse than shooting. Anyway, it wasn’t in the silver pantry. It's been missing since last night. Obviously, William had taken it and when the fellow surprised him, there it was on the table as handy as you like.. By the way, are any of the others getting up for breakfast? The women, I mean.
3) 130) dialog: That settles it. Come back at half past eight and I’11l get dressed. The greatest bore of course but I don’t want to miss anything. two of the slices of cucumber, lays them on her eyes and lies back INT. ISOBEL‘S BEDROOM. DAY. Isobel, in night things, is discussing it all with Elsie now in civilian clothes.
5) 6) dialog: Good morning, dear. Have you heard? Too tiresome. That frightful inspector won't let anyone leave! So we're to be treated to another day of Mr Weissman shouting down the telephone.
5) 8) dialog: Well, he conducts his business very oddly. Coming down stairs just now, I thought I’d been transported to a bar in Marseilles. Ivor doesn’t contradict which is the right way to handle
5) 9) dialog: I gather they carted poor William off this morning. So strange and sad. Will they want to delay the funeral? I do hope it’s not next week. I was meant to be with the de 1’Isles and I was so looking forward to it.
5) 21) dialog: I shouldn’t think so. She has breakfast in her room and then she usually goes for a ride.
5) 26) dialog: If you wish, Inspector. I’m afraid I won’t be much help... but I suppose on a day like this we all have to pull our weight. The door opens and Isobel enters. Her black frock and air sadness cast a pall on the room. Rupert jumps up to help with breakfast and Jeremy looks on. EXT. KITCHEN COURT. DAY. Robert is emerging from the laundry. In one corner of the is a game larder. Ellen is there holding some birds and B comes out with more. She nods at Robert.
5) 86) dialog: There you are, Mary. This is all too tiresome and absurd. They're making the greatest fuss over —
5) 90) dialog: Well, I'm certainly not leaving if that’s what you think. Thompson looks to Dexter. This is just the kind of woman could do without.
5) 94) dialog: Really, this is too vulgar almost to be believed —
5) 189) dialog: That’s nothing. Wait for this...in the new will he‘d left Lady Stockbridge a hundred thousand pounds. Can you imagine? Sylvia thinks it’s a huge joke. Particularly since she won’t have to pay it.
5) 191) dialog: Well, as the saying goes, the time to make up your mind about people is never... Which reminds me, I haven't complimented you on how you managed those horrible little men in the library.. I've been thinking, Mary. You're not a trainee any more. It’s time your salary reflected your skills. We'll talk about it when we get home. (CONTINUED )
6) 151) dialog: Honestly, it's getting so expensive. By the time one does Jennings, and leaves something for the housemaids, one might as well have taken a suite at the Ritz. Tell me, what happened to William’s little maid. I never saw her again after that dinner.
6) 153) dialog: Pity really. I should have thought it was a good idea to have someone in the house who's actually sorry he’s dead. @ Sylvia looks round the door. If she heard she doesn’t sho Or, possibly, care.
6) 154) dialog: There you are, dear. Did you have a nice ride?
6) 156) dialog: T’d better be off. Leave you in peace. Sylvia, once more in jodphurs, sits on the bed near where is packing, idly fingering a garment that is waiting to g the case. Constance is applying lipstick.
6) 157) dialog: Now you will telephone with the funeral plans? SYLVIA e You don’t have to come if it’s a bore. (CONTINUED)
6) 160) dialog: Nonsense. Of course I'm coming... Have you decided what you're going to do?
6) 162) dialog: That sounds lovely... and what about Gosford? Sylvia shrugs, holding a scarf against herself to test th colour.
6) 164) dialog: Yes. Poor, dear William. We shall miss him.. So will you keep the place going, then?
6) 166) dialog: Mrs Wilson can manage things until you're ready.
6) 170) dialog: Why are they such enemies?
6) 172) dialog: Was there ever a Mister Wilson? I Can't imagine it.
6) 174) dialog: Really? You amaze me.
6) 177) dialog: Tell Merriman to come and get the bags. INT. MRS WILSON’S ROOM. DAY. Mrs Wilson is making notes in a linen book. She puts down pen.
6) 212) dialog: I've signed the book, though some of the others seem to have missed it. Goodbye dear. Chin up. She kisses her niece and climbs into the car. Mary leans straightens the rug on Constance’s knees, finds the baske the thermos and sandwich box and places it nearby. Clearl while, in one way, everything has changed, in another, no has. Mary climbs in and with a wave to Sylvia, the car moves o
6) 213) dialog: Heavens, what a relief to be going. It'll take me a month to recover. 141 INT. DOWNSTAIRS HALL. DAY. Mrs Wilson is on her way past the servants’ hall when she catches sight of Dorothy.
6) 220) dialog: Mary, do you suppose, if there’s a trial, I’d have to testify? Or you? I do hope not. I can’t think of anything worse. Imagine a man being hanged because of something one said in a courtroom... Mary looks at the countryside flashing by, thinking for a moment.