0) 44) dialog: Not here it's not. Mrs Wilson has moved away as Elsie takes Mary's case.
0) 46) dialog: This way. George is in charge of the safe. He’s the First Footman. And you want to watch where he puts his hands... They turn another corner in the maze of service corridors xun beneath the house. At the door of the Butler's Silver Pantry, stands a supercilious figure in livery. Next to h just inside the room, is a large wall safe. The iron door open revealing a felt-lined closet, filled with laden she George, the first footman, is receiving a case from anoth (Renee). Mary takes a key on a chain around her neck unde dress and opens the case, removing the jewel box which sh about to hand over
0) 47) dialog: Have you got the ones for tonight?
0) 49) dialog: Always take a separate box with the first night’s jewels. Saves bother. Mary nods, re~locking the box and handing it over to Geor gives her a wink as he takes it. As they walk away, re-cr the back hall, they almost collide with a tall stranger c a suitcase. Mrs Wilson arrives.
0) 55) dialog: Has his lordship’s luggage gone up?
0) 59) dialog: How d’you manage to be taken on as a countess’s lady’s maid if you didn’t ‘ave no experience?
0) 63) dialog: She didn’t want to pay for it, you mean. INT. KITCHEN. DAY. A handsome face displays the brilliant smile of Henry Den Morris Weissman's valet. At the long table, the cook, Mrs is working on a tray of quail. The senior kitchen maid, B slices carrots and the junior, Ellen, slowly turns an ice churn. They ogle the visitor who speaks in a Scottish acc
0) 89) dialog: I thought ladies’ maids never wore aprons.
0) 91) dialog: I bet she does. And I'll bet she took it out of your wages, too.
0) 93) dialog: Don’t they all? Behind Elsie’s bed are various pictures of movie stars, postcards or cut from magazines. Mary goes over to the collection to admire it. She points.
0) 97) dialog: Who'd you mean?
0) 99) dialog: I only cut it out for Garbo. I prefer the American stars. I think they've got more oomph.
0) 101) dialog: I don't think.
0) 103) dialog: Because she's a snobbish cow. Because she looks down on anyone who got to the top with brains and hard work. dust like she looks down on her husband. Except when it's time to foot the bills. Then she’s got her hand out all right.
0) 107) dialog: Horrible but he.. he’s O.K., Come on. We’d better get cracking. 10 12 INT. KITCHEN CORRIDOR. DAY. Probert, Sir William's valet, is carrying a boiled-front shirt past Mrs Wilson.
0) 156) dialog: Mrs Nesbitt. She’s only got this one with her. Says her husband rushed her when she was packing.
0) 158) dialog: Sometimes Dorothy helps. Though why Mrs Wilson makes the Still Room Maid do it beats me...I think it's just to annoy Mrs Croft.
0) 162) dialog: Both. And she's worked off her feet. But then I do Miss Isobel as well...Here we are. She opens a door and goes in. INT. IRONING AND SEWING ROOM. EVE. In the centre are several ironing boards. Barnes, Robert, and Renee are in there working. Robert brushes glaze on a evening waistcoat as he irons it.
0) 163) dialog: You found it, then? She smiles at Robert. Then points to a cupboard.
0) 164) dialog: This one's yours.
0) 177) dialog: I hate cheap clothes. Twice the work and they never look any good.
0) 180) dialog: I don’t have a maid and T haven’t “given in.”
0) 182) dialog: Why?
0) 241) dialog: Doe you think so?
0) 243) dialog: I beg your pardon. Lord Carton was determined to get Six William for either of the two eldest. I was told he could have had his pick. (CONTINUED)
0) 248) dialog: I think it's disgusting. The way they use him. Especially when they all look down on him ‘cos he’s made it himself. None of them have got the brains to make the price of a packet of tea.
0) 250) dialog: Nearly, Mrs Wilson. I’ve just got these cuffs to do.
0) 330) dialog: Honestly, I don’t know how I'll manage. She’s forgotten her hairpins. She hasn’t packed the right shoes.. I’m making bricks without straw, Mr Probert. Really I am. Mary appears, carrying the dirty shirt.
0) 331) dialog: I don’t suppose you've got any hairpins to spare, have you?
0) 339) dialog: Is he done? He nods, raising his eyebrows, and goes. She reaches for door handle when there is a movement at the end of the ga William and his dog are both looking at her. With a secre smile, Elsie returns his gaze before she opens the door. INT. NESBITT BEDROOM. EVE. Mabel is at the dressing table and, for a moment, it seem Freddie has his wife’s wrist in his fist. He swings round if he did have hold of her, he releases it
0) 340) dialog: I’ve got some pins, madam, From Lady Trentham’s maid.
2) 0) text: Dorothy and Janet tend a serving table, stacking plates a setting out clean ones from the heating cupboard. George with a dish of partridges, helping himself to a taste as into the dining-room. Elsie arrives and starts to follow
2) 2) dialog: Keep your hair on. It so happens I've got a message for your precious Mr Jennings. INT. DINING-ROOM, NIGHT. The party is at table. Because they are twelve, William s one end and Raymond (CONTINUED )
2) 40) dialog: Mrs Wilson asked me to tell you that the others have come. This does ameliorate her fault. He goes to Sylvia's right speaking in a low voice.
2) 154) dialog: Shouldn’t worry about it. Goes with the territory... I’m bushed. I think Mrs Wilson forgets I do Miss Isobel on top of everything else. She is flicking through a Hollywood fan magazine. “Watch Step, Ann Dvorak!” or “Joan Crawford and Douglas Faixbank Course It’s For Keeps!” Until...
2) 155) dialog: Ooh, look. There is a still of Ivor Novello with Benita Hume. Mary l over her shoulder.
2) 157) dialog: I shall have to watch you, my girl. I can see that.
2) 159) dialog: I like those. I enjoy a bit of a fright in the cinema.
2) 166) dialog: She’s 0.K. I feel a bit sorry for her, really.. ‘Course it never works.
2) 168) dialog: When a man like that marries beneath him. He hasn’t got the brains to carry it off.
2) 170) dialog: Oh, it wasn’t love. Not him, He’s a nasty piece of work. The ‘honourable’ Freddie Nesbitt. That’s a laugh. It was her father’s money he was after but there was less than he thought. Now it’s spent and all he’s got to show is a wife he’s ashamed of. And he’s lost his job. He wants Miss Isobel to put in a word with Sir William.
2) 172) dialog: She might.
2) 176) dialog: Well, listen to you. Miss Nosie Parker... What‘s the matter? Mary has been distracted by the sight of a crumpled shirt chest.
2) 178) dialog: Do you want me to come with you?
2) 236) dialog: Do you want to change now, miss? Or shall IT come back later?
2) 238) dialog: Who won’t do what, miss?
2) 240) dialog: Why not?
2) 242) dialog: Well, you’ve done your best. Mr Nesbitt can’t ask more than that.
2) 246) dialog: Do you think he will?
2) 249) dialog: To Mr Nesbitt?
2) 251) dialog: Really, miss. Why ever would you think I could make any difference? Her tone is disingenuous but Isobel looks at her coolly.
2) 343) dialog: It's only Lewis. If any of the men were found up here they’d be sacked on the spot. Worse luck. She settles herself on the mean, cork-covered stool. Mary finishes her washing, uneasily concealed behind her arm a flannel. Elsie watches her, amused
2) 344) dialog: Don’t tell me you’re a convent girl. Or is it Presbyterian modesty? Is the water hot?
2) 346) dialog: No. And it won't be ‘til the guns come home. I'd better get into yours.
2) 351) dialog: Yeah, he does. Can't hit a barn door but he does love it. Sweet, really
2) 353) dialog: Yes, you should. What is it?
2) 355) dialog: No. It wouldn't have been him. She is surprisingly definite.
2) 360) dialog: Yes.
2) 364) dialog: No!
2) 366) dialog: I wouldn't be too sure. I heard... She breaks off with a sigh, catching herself out.
2) 367) dialog: Just listen to me.
2) 369) dialog: Why do we spend our time living through them...? Look at poor old Lewis. If her own mother had a heart attack, she'd think it was less important than one of Lady Sylvia's farts. He always says - She remembers herself and breaks off.
2) 371) dialog: Never mind. Doesn't matter...I dunno...all I want is to be at the centre of my own life. ‘Course if you say that in this house, Mr Jennings thinks you're planning to blow up the Romanovs . There is a bang on the door. From outside we hear an angu voice.
2) 423) dialog: That’s not fair, is it, Bill? You always — With these words, she has broken the basic rule of domest service. She has released terrible reverberations by spea she did to William. Not only has she called him ‘Billi,’ engaged in the conversation of the family. The table is a Silent as the dead, forks are stilled in mid-air, glasses way to lips. Elsie realises that in one tiny second, in l than a second, she has terminated her employment in that After a moment of total immobility, William throws down h napkin and storms out. Raymond is the first to break the silence. With his voice normality returns.
2) 488) dialog: Yes? What do you want?
2) 490) dialog: Did you? Well, you were wrong. She shuts the door, leaving him alone. INT. /EXT. BACK DOOR/COURTYARD. NIGHT. The door opens and a pair of male legs and feet, clad in trousers and shoes appear (it could be any of the men, ab below stairs). It is raining and, for a second, the feet hesitate. Their owner appears to spy some large, muddy wa over-shoes left by a gardener in the porch. The man slips feet, still in their black pumps, into them. There is a n He freezes. Mrs Croft appears through the crack of the op door. She pulls it to and we hear the bolt. After a momen legs approach. They strain but the door won’t budge. INT. DRAWING-ROOM. NIGHT. Constance, bored to sobs, looks around as she takes a liq from Jennings.
3) 59) dialog: What about me, Mr Jennings?
3) 62) dialog: I’m not contagious, you know.
3) 71) dialog: Don’t feel sorry for me. Pity that poor Dorothy. She’s got all the early morning teas to do, then trays and she’s got to get Miss Isobel down to the dining-room — if she can find anything in black. I’m well out of it. She's the one who needs your sympathy.
3) 73) dialog: Unmarried girls don’t have breakfast trays. Not at this house. They are silent for a bit.
3) 75) dialog: Well, you can’t.
3) 132) dialog: No, but.. I s’pose he ran for it.. when he saw what he’d done... Are you going to be O.K.? There is a knock. Elsie ducks behind the door as it opens Dorothy .
3) 138) dialog: What is it? Isobel hands it over.
3) 139) dialog: ‘This is your final warning. If I have not received an offer from your father by luncheon tomorrow, I will tell him everything. Freddie.’ Stupid idiot. At least he’s off your back. That's something. He's got no one to tell now. At least, no one who'd give him a job to shut him up
3) 141) dialog: I‘d better be off. I might not see you again. I’m only staying ‘til the police give the nod.
3) 143) dialog: Other than having no job and no home, you mean? She relents, lightly stroking her stomach. Isobel, after has done her no harm.
3) 144) dialog: No. No worries there.
5) 159) dialog: Pssst! They look up. Elsie is above them on the stairs. Again, s wearing her own clothes.
5) 161) dialog: I'm going mad up there.. I’ve read all me magazines twice over..You couldn't pinch one from the library, could you? I don't care if it's "Horse and Hound" so long as I haven't read it. (CONTINUED)
5) 176) dialog: You never give up, do you? 113 INT. GALLERY. EVE. Robert is walking down the gallery. He hears voices comin an open doorway.
6) 20) dialog: So George got his own back on Mr Denton. Good.
6) 25) dialog: Only ‘till the morning. Isobel nods. She hesitates to speak looking at Mary.
6) 26) dialog: Don't worry about her. What is it?
6) 29) dialog: I told you. I never had a moment...
6) 31) dialog: Good luck to you, Miss. A thoughtful Elsie holds the door as Tsobel slips away. M looks curiously at her companion.
6) 32) dialog: Don't ask.
6) 34) dialog: Nah, I was a bit of fun, that’s all.
6) 36) dialog: dn‘t love him but.. I didn’t mind I liked the way he’d talk. (MORE)
6) 40) dialog: He only talked to me ‘cos he was sick of ‘er but IT liked it. He used to tell me I could be anything I wanted... if I wanted it enough...
6) 42) dialog: No. I'm not sorry... it’s time for a change. Who knows? Might be the making of me. What was it ‘e used to say? Carpe Diem. Sieze the day. This strikes a chord with Mary. She gets out of bed and p her dressing-gown.
6) 43) dialog: What’s up? What have I said? Where are you off to? INT. ROBERT'S ATTIC ROOM. NIGHT. Robert is sitting on his bed. The door opens. It is Mary. dumbfounded
6) 127) dialog: And that’s it?
6) 129) dialog: I didn’t mean nothing to him, you know. It was never serious...
6) 143) dialog: Well, at least I know now that gives me some room for manocevre. ro To their surprise, Weissman hails her from across the for
6) 145) dialog: To the station.
6) 147) dialog: Sure. Why not? With a laugh, she siezes her case and runs to the car. As climbs in she is distracted for a moment. The head of the unloved Pip makes a brief appearance from the top of her all. Firmly, she pushes him back and climbs into the car. turns to see a look of disapproval on Jennings’s face, th can't know if he saw the dog. Maybe he did.