0) 119) dialog: It's all right. It’s nobody. He is joined by a young woman, Isobel McCordile.
0) 122) dialog: Do you really think you’1l have a chance to talk to him tonight?
0) 124) dialog: That’s all very fine but why the hell do you think I’ve come here? George turns the handle of the saloon door, without knock and goes silentiy in. INT. SALOON/LIBRARY. DAY. Sitting at a table, surrounded by the evidence of a large are Constance Trentham, Morris Weissman, and Mabel Nesbit is holding court, enthralling Mabel with Hollywood gossip others sprawl around the room, balancing plates and cups magazines and cigarettes as they drawl and chatter, Jenni presides over the teapot. George, followed by Isobel, Fre and the Stockbridges, enters and takes his position by th as Lt. Commander Anthony and Lady Lavinia Meredith approa tea table, He is ex-navy, she is Sylvia's sister, Their t urgent and could not be overheard - except possibly by th butler.
0) 341) dialog: We should be downstairs already.
0) 343) dialog: Try and make her look respectable. He says this to the maid and goes without a comment from woman. They stare at each other through the glass. Mabel her pasty face and lank hair looks terrible.
2) 14) dialog: It was just a misunderstanding. (CONTINUED )
2) 18) dialog: Only because she got her version from my father. On her right, Raymond eats in silence. There is a crack o thunder as she turns to him
2) 24) dialog: Surely everyone feels the war changed things. Don’t they?
2) 49) dialog: Really, darling! You’re boring poor Mr Novello to death! Off camera, Ivor protests “Not at all” as Jennings reache door. 31 45
2) 75) dialog: Is that Rupert Standish? Has he arrived?
2) 77) dialog: Certainly. We younger sons have to stick together. We’ve a lot in common. He imagines this will amuse William but, instead, his hos at him with disdain as he pours himself a glass and passe port to his left. Jennings brings the cigars.
2) 310) dialog: That’s your problem.
2) 401) dialog: I wouldn’t mind. (CONTINUED)
2) 464) dialog: I won't be a minute. He walks to the door. Mabel, by the piano, watches him go INT. UPSTAIRS HALL AND CORRIDOR. EVE. Mrs Wilson appears with a tray of coffee things. She cros hall. INT. LIBRARY. EVE. William works at his gun table. The tools of his hobby su him. He has re-routed his rage and now he files a metal p with angry passion and finesse. The door opens.
3) 0) text: A secret door in the bookshelves opens gently as the boot slip in. Leaving a trail of mud, he moves softly across t floor until William’s feet come into view. The camera mov to reveal William in a fiercely concentrated position, ho some part of a gun quite still. He seems frozen. The empt is on its side on the table. The hand of the intruder lif sight. It is covered in a green baize glove, the type we seen in Scenes 15 and 61 and it holds the missing knife. semi-circular arc, the blade flashes down, over William’s shoulder and into his heart. Silently, William slumps for onto the table, his face crushed into the tools of his ho Below him, the wretched Pip whines. After a fraction of a second, the unknown assailant retreats. The concealed boo door closes behind him. INT. DRAWING-ROOM. NIGHT. Freddie returns. Jeremy makes to rise but Freddie stops h Mabel comes over.
3) 1) dialog: No, no. Finish the hand.
3) 3) dialog: Never mind. Now Anthony Meredith slides back into the room. In answer Lavinia's enquiries, he just shakes his head reassuringly George returns with the jug. Jennings speaks sharply unde breath.
4) 41) dialog: Where's that George? Really, the slightest upset and these fellows go completely to pieces. How am I supposed to manage?
4) 43) dialog: Well, I certainly never get any help from you.
5) 178) dialog: Don't keep talking as if I was enjoying this. What I wanted was a job... As Robert reaches them, by Isobel's door, they are silent after he has passed:
5) 237) dialog: I don’t know what you mean. She holds out her hand as Anthony enters. Sylvia looks up returns to her reading
6) 103) dialog: You're a fool. Now what are we supposed to do?