0) 112) dialog: I‘m just going to help him with the tea. Then I'm to finish the table with Arthur.
0) 121) dialog: Sorry, Miss Isobel. The camera stays with the servant as the others walk away voices fading.
0) 205) dialog: Are you finished, your ladyship? or would you like some more tea?
0) 261) dialog: What are you doing here?
0) 263) dialog: Mr Jennings‘ll be up in a minute. If I were you, I‘d go and ‘look around’ somewhere else.
0) 266) dialog: His accent for a start. Where do you - (CONTINUED)
0) 269) dialog: Her ladyship said not to lay for them. The stuff’s ready if they get here in time. We can stick two more places on in a jiffy.
0) 271) dialog: I‘ll go up and finish him off now.
0) 274) dialog: What's the matter with you?
0) 276) dialog: And now you won’t see him in his under- drawers? Never mind. Better luck next time. Arthur attempts to conceal his furious blushing. 18 INT. NOVELLO BEDROOM. EVE. Henry is tidying things while Ivor stands in white tie an before a pier glass. (CONTINUED)
1) 37) dialog: Her mistress married a baron so she lost her rank as an earl’s daughter. Renee always tries to catch Mr Jennings out but no one can.
1) 52) dialog: What’s the matter? Don’t you know?
1) 58) dialog: Always eats with her own staff. (CONTINUED)
1) 61) dialog: Not likely. She wouldn’t set foot in there if her life depended on it. They hate each other.
1) 70) dialog: You're all set, then. A few junior servants giggle which does not amuse Mr Jenn one bit.
1) 72) dialog: Nothing, Mr Jennings. They transfer their attention to their plates. EXT. KITCHEN COURT. NIGHT. Mary, carrying a cup of tea, is walking across the courty towards the garages for the visitors' cars. We can see Me there working on Constance's car. There is a sound from t shadows. Bertha is sitting by herself, smoking.
2) 0) text: Dorothy and Janet tend a serving table, stacking plates a setting out clean ones from the heating cupboard. George with a dish of partridges, helping himself to a taste as into the dining-room. Elsie arrives and starts to follow
2) 221) dialog: What could he need? George is imitating Henry's voice insultingly. Probert co Henry’s aid.
2) 427) dialog: You should have seen it.
2) 433) dialog: In the library and he won’t come out again tonight At this point the door opens and Jennings appears. He loo around at the company.
2) 440) dialog: Bet you're glad you came. INT. DRAWING-ROOM. EVE. Janet has brought in a tray. She goes into the dining roo George takes the tray to hand round the coffee. Constance the bridge table waiting. Rupert is talking softly to Iso Sylvia approaches Ivor by the chimneypiece.
2) 475) dialog: Better get some more milk, Mr Jennings... I won’t be a moment. He holds the empty jug for Jennings to see. He goes to th dining-room door.
2) 480) dialog: You can have enough of a good thing. I want a fag. He goes. INT. UPSTAIRS HALL AND CORRIDOR. EVE. Renee, Barnes, Sarah and Probert and a reluctant Lewis cr of the green baize door. Sarah looks back down the stairs
3) 6) dialog: I believe he’s still in the library, milady. (CONTINUED)
3) 14) dialog: Bleedin' hell... The body of Sir William McCordle is slumped over his work The eyes are open in the red face and the tongue is lolli It is clear that Sir William is very dead.
3) 20) dialog: When I leave here, I want to open a garage... Nothing gawdy. Just enough for a decent living.
3) 27) dialog: You're very quiet. What's your ambition?
3) 30) dialog: Yes, I bet you'll have regular clients. 83 INT. UPSTAIRS HALL AND CORRIDOR. /SALOON. Weissman is on the telephone as Jennings crosses to the f door .
5) 38) dialog: Exactly.
5) 43) dialog: I can’t see that, Mr Jennings. I mean, I don’t think ruffians go about poisoning people and then stabbing their corpses. Apart from anything else, they’re usually in a bit of a hurry.
5) 45) dialog: i'm not suggesting anything. Just.
5) 47) dialog: Well, it looks to me like Sir William was killed by someone who meant to do it. That's all. No wonder they won’t let anyone leave. Tough luck on whoever’s got any secrets to hide.
5) 160) dialog: They’11 be coming in a minute. The dressing bell’s just gone.
5) 169) dialog: No explanation’s necessary, Mr Denton, now if you’11l excuse us, we have work to do. Come on, Arthur. The footmen take the scuttles and go. The others push pas Robert is the last.
5) 243) dialog: I do apologise, six. I can’t think how that happened. INT, SERVANTS’ HALL. NIGHT. A wireless plays music. Arthur is practising dance steps Ellen. Mary and Robert listen while Dexter drinks tea. Le mends lace, Sarah and Renee sew by the fire. Bertha is sc out scallop shells with a wire brush. Barnes reads. Probe a leather collar box and he is sorting collars imto sizes hovers.
6) 0) text: George enters. There is a sound of scuffling. He turns on light. Bertha is on the floor with Jeremy Blond. In silen latter stands, tucking in his shirt and fastening his fly buttons. He refuses to make the smallest gesture of embarrassment .
6) 1) dialog: Right. Beg your pardon, sir. I was just collecting Mr Nesbitt's shirts.
6) 4) dialog: You naughty, naughty girl.
6) 7) dialog: twon't tell. But you're lucky your're in the kitchen and not under Mrs Wilson. She'd sniff it out without any help from me. 124 INT. SYLVIA’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. Lewis is settling Sylvia for the night when they both hea door opening. Henry stands there. Sylvia continues to rea book. Lewis takes her cue.
6) 199) dialog: Her ladyship’s leaving now, miss.