0) 29) dialog: Take the car round the back to unload it. The car starts up and heads towards the side of the house Still, Mary waits. Jennings looks over to the maid as he starts to reclimb the front steps
0) 30) dialog: You'd better follow him. Mrs Wilson‘11 look after you. A lone figure, she trudges off through the puddles, clutc the dressing case, as the car carrying the Stockbridge pa sweeps up to the front. INT. KITCHEN CORRIDOR. DAY. Chaos reigns. Servants duck past the piled up trunks and Valets and maids (Barnes and Sarah, joined later by Renee Robert) struggle to check that none of their luggage has the wrong rooms. Surveying it all, clipboard in hand, is Wilson, the house-keeper, an opaque woman in her middle y Barnes, who is carrying a large flat, crested case approa She does not look up. (CONTINUED )
0) 200) dialog: Its nearly time for the gong. If they don't want any more, take their cups and plates. If they do, don't give them much. George walks towards the sofa on the left of the fire-pla
0) 268) dialog: Are you finished? What about Lord Rupert Standish and Mr Blond? He stands in the other door. Frowning, he moves an entire setting slightly to the left.
0) 270) dialog: When they arrive, you'll be dressing Mr Blond, Arthur. George, you’11 have Lord Rupert. Tf they’re very late, they can change by themselves. You can tidy up when they're downstairs. Is Mr Nesbitt settled?
0) 273) dialog: Mr Weissman’s man will attend to him. Right. As soon as you’re done, join me in the drawing-room for the drinks. He goes. George folds up the ruler and puts it away.
1) 0) text: Jennings carries a salver with two martini glasses to Ivo is playing the grand piano. Is it ‘I Can Give You The Starlight”? He and Weissman take the drinks.
1) 2) dialog: Just Jennings, sir
1) 4) dialog: I'll clear the piano for you, sir. He lifts the photographs and albums that litter the close of the grand as Sylvia approaches. Ivor stands but she ma play. Behind her, the others drift in.
1) 8) dialog: Very good, sir.
1) 16) dialog: Can I help you?
1) 18) dialog: I beg your pardon. Weissman has left the piano and crossed the room.
1) 26) dialog: Yes, thank you, Dorothy. They have their drinks. We can take our leisure for half an hour, I think. At the head of the table, he looks at Renee who stands on right. His brow darkens.
1) 27) dialog: What’s this?
1) 30) dialog: Qh? Since when did a baroness outrank a countess? Or is that some foreign custom you've picked up on your travels? Renee purses her lips but says nothing.
1) 31) dialog: Miss Trentham? Would you like to come and take the seat of honour? But Mary does not recognise her ‘name’. He repeats it and nudges her
1) 34) dialog: Miss Meredith, you may come to my left if you please. As Renee stalks down the table, Mary turns queryingly to He whispers. (CONTINUED )
1) 40) dialog: Right. Start when you get it. No time for loitering.
1) 42) dialog: Certainly, Mr Weissman. How can we help?
1) 44) dialog: That‘s an interesting point and one I can’t answer. All those of you whose parents were in service raise your hand. Most hands go up. We hear “not both of them” or “just for before they married,” “I s'pose they expected me to,” and Only Dorothy, Barnes and Robert are left.
1) 45) dialog: Not you, Dorothy? (CONTINUED)
1) 49) dialog: Mx Meredith?
1) 56) dialog: Thank you, Mr Weissman. For giving us something to think about... I must compliment Bertha on this stew. And Mrs Croft on the choice of the beef, of course. It’s delicious. Mary now has George on her other side. She whispers to hi
1) 62) dialog: Something amusing, Miss Trentham? Can we share it? Mary is saved by the arrival of Lady Sylvia McCordle. In couture clothes and jewels, fairy kingdom. The company jumps up.
1) 71) dialog: Yes, George?
2) 37) dialog: What do you think you’re doing here?
2) 41) dialog: Lord Rupert Standish and Mr Blond have arrived, milady.
2) 43) dialog: Very good, milady. Isobel has heard. She leans over eagerly, her plain face with pleasure.
2) 70) dialog: Not yet, I’m afraid, sir. The lines can be very busy... Jennings places a decanter of port in front of William, r its stopper.
2) 73) dialog: Would you like me to ask Lord Rupert and Mr Blond to join you, sir?
2) 292) dialog: Where have you been? They’ve already broken for luncheon. Take the Bloody Mary. And hurry. George lifts two covered jugs from a bucket of ice on the of the wagon and starts toward the temple. He passes MecC and Strutt. The latter is shaking his head.
2) 297) dialog: Well, since you're here.. you might take the sherry round.. Henry lifts a tray with a decanter and glasses. As he and start for the terrace, they pass the Merediths who appear arguing out of sight of the other guests.
2) 340) dialog: Luncheon is served. The company hurries in to the gorgeous table where the se wait for them.
2) 386) dialog: They’re just assembling in the drawing- room now, sir.
2) 396) dialog: Not now. He goes into his room and shuts the door. Further down th corridor, Mrs Wilson is watching. Mrs Croft retrieves her dignity and retreats into the kitchen. INT. DINING-ROOM. EVE. Dinner is almost finished. In contrast to the night befor atmosphere is terrible. George, Arthur and Elsie are carr round the savouries. Jennings pours wine. William is sulk few of the guests are trying to keep things going.
2) 434) dialog: May I ask what is going on? (CONTINUED)
2) 438) dialog: George, will you join me in the drawing-room, please? May, stay and help with the clearing. The rest of you can go back downstairs. I must say I’m surprised at you.
3) 4) dialog: Well if that’s a ‘moment’ I’d like to know what happens when you take a real break. Now give her ladyship some more coffee. George takes the tray and approaches Sylvia. She holds ou cup.
3) 16) dialog: I‘l1l go. Jennings leaves. Elsie is sobbing aloud. Mrs Croft leans and squeezes her hand. She speaks softly but loud enough Bertha to hear her.
3) 32) dialog: We've been expecting you.
3) 54) dialog: The police would like to see you for a moment, Mr Probert.
3) 58) dialog: There’s no point in the rest of you waiting up.
3) 60) dialog: You can leave as soon as the police release you. I dare say that'll be some time tomorrow.
3) 64) dialog: Neobody’s going anywhere... Now, those of you with remaining duties, see to them as quickly as you can. Otherwise, good night everyone. He stands aside to let them pass. We hear some exchanges the dog as they go. ‘What's going to happen to it?' ‘I sh think she'll have it put down.''Best thing for it, nasty beast.''No one can stand it except Sir William.' Alone am them, Elsie gives the animal a stroke. ‘Don't do that, de He'll have your hand off.' While this is going on, Henry hesitates, unusually ill at ease.
3) 65) dialog: Yes, Mr Weissman?
4) 22) dialog: There’s an extension in the servants’ quarters. If you'd rather use that.
5) 14) dialog: Very good, sir.
5) 16) dialog: Of course, sir. Or perhaps you‘d like to come and choose for yourself,
5) 40) dialog: Don’t talk nonsense. Of course he wasn’t murdered! Not like that. Some ruffian broke in, thinking the library was empty, Sir William surprised him and paid the price for it. And very tragic it is, too.
5) 44) dialog: What are you suggesting?
5) 46) dialog: Just what?
5) 48) dialog: If you can only talk rubbish, George, I suggest you don’t talk at all. George’s tone was almost jocular. Jennings’s is not. Geor catches Arthur’s eye. INT. KITCHEN. DAY. Mrs Croft is in the kitchen with the others.
5) 98) dialog: I wondered who was in here. I hope you've got enough light for that. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
5) 101) dialog: Black on black, Don’t want you going blind on top of everything else.
5) 103) dialog: I’m sorry the business with Elsie’s landed you with so much work. That's what you get for being so reliable. This comment, simply meant, lights a fire in Dorothy's so
5) 105) dialog: Not yet.
5) 107) dialog: Oh yes...
5) 109) dialog: I shouldn’t think so...Well, I'll leave you to it. I could ask Miss Lewis to give you a hand with that if you like... Plainly he is distracted with some sort of worry. She loo him tenderly.
5) 111) dialog: What?
5) 120) dialog: t assume, by this time, you all know that Mr Denton has played a trick on us in posing as a valet. Since Sir William was aware of the plan, it is not for me, or any of you, to criticise it. However, it leaves us with a few adjustments to make for this evening. Arthur, you can take over dressing Mr Weissman. Which leaves us with the problem of Mr Novello. I really don’t want to ask Mr Probert.
5) 124) dialog: No, you've got enough on your plate. Arthur's hopes are dashed again. Robert looks up.
5) 126) dialog: That's very generous of you, Mr Stockbridge. Otherwise, I could always do him, myself.
5) 128) dialog: Good. That's settled then. And I think Mr Denton can dress himself. Thank you all. You can go With Lewis muttering ‘cheeky beggar,’ they file out leavi Probert and Mrs Wilson. Jennings goes to a table where he bottle of port, a decanter, a glass and a funnel. He star open and then taste and decant the port with care.
5) 129) dialog: I’m giving them a glass of the 1912 tonight. They’1]l need a bit of cheering up.
5) 135) dialog: Are you Mrs Wilson? When every day one reads of another house sold as a school or demolished to make way for a hospital? Maybe Mr Probert's right. Maybe we're nothing but a race of dinosaurs... He smiles sadly at his little joke. His next words confir is the end of an era.
5) 136) dialog: As a matter of fact, I too may be leaving here soon.
5) 138) dialog: Me too. Me too.. but one is not Always in control of these things..and please don't concern yourself. Believe me, I have fully deserved whatever comes.
5) 206) dialog: You don’t know where Commander Meredith might have got to, do you?
5) 208) dialog: Only he's never come downstairs and he's not in his room.
5) 210) dialog: Well, we can't delay dinner much longer .
5) 232) dialog: Six?
5) 234) dialog: Much more than I realised at the time, sir. His voice is choked with emotion. Surprised at the intens has provoked, Ivor nods at Weissman with raised brows.
6) 96) dialog: What about the poison? Haven't you traced that, at least?
6) 98) dialog: What do you intend to do about it? Dexter is genuinely surprised. He‘d only been joshing.
6) 100) dialog: Nothing?