1) 81) dialog: Exactly what I said.
2) 51) dialog: Face it. You're a younger son. With the tastes of a marquess and the income of a vicar. Here's the solution. She likes you. Her mother likes you. She’s not exactly a show- stopper but you can’t have everything.
2) 53) dialog: Because if you marry badly, who's going to give me decent shooting in my old age?
2) 55) dialog: He’ll come round. ‘Have you met my daughter, Lady Rupert Standish?’
2) 57) dialog: Of course he does but you can’t let that put you off... “Faint heart never won fair lady.” Or, in this case, rich lady.
2) 59) dialog: Then you must overcome it, mustn’t you? During this, Arthur quietly unloads plates from a tray on bridge table laid with a cloth, silver and glass. He stri match to light the candles in its centre. The noise and f flame alert the young men to his presence and they straig up. (CONTINUED)
2) 65) dialog: We will. Thank you. Arthur goes. As he leaves Rupert speaks softly.
2) 322) dialog: You had a fantastic one in the third drive. It was a mile high.
2) 419) dialog: Are you interested in films, sir?
2) 449) dialog: Good work, old chap. You're doing awfully well.
2) 473) dialog: I'll play if you like. Until he gets back. He sits between the lovers. At the other end of the room, Anthony silently steals from the room. Lavinia starts tow him,
3) 0) text: A secret door in the bookshelves opens gently as the boot slip in. Leaving a trail of mud, he moves softly across t floor until William’s feet come into view. The camera mov to reveal William in a fiercely concentrated position, ho some part of a gun quite still. He seems frozen. The empt is on its side on the table. The hand of the intruder lif sight. It is covered in a green baize glove, the type we seen in Scenes 15 and 61 and it holds the missing knife. semi-circular arc, the blade flashes down, over William’s shoulder and into his heart. Silently, William slumps for onto the table, his face crushed into the tools of his ho Below him, the wretched Pip whines. After a fraction of a second, the unknown assailant retreats. The concealed boo door closes behind him. INT. DRAWING-ROOM. NIGHT. Freddie returns. Jeremy makes to rise but Freddie stops h Mabel comes over.
6) 0) text: George enters. There is a sound of scuffling. He turns on light. Bertha is on the floor with Jeremy Blond. In silen latter stands, tucking in his shirt and fastening his fly buttons. He refuses to make the smallest gesture of embarrassment .
6) 117) dialog: Did you ask her?
6) 119) dialog: On reflection, I think it's just as well. e (MORE)
6) 122) dialog: According to the servants' hall gossip, she doesn't get any of the capital until her mother dies and if that's true it's too long to wait. You can do better. Rupert opens his mouth to answer but before he can, Isobe round the corner at the base of the staircase. She must h heard. She looks carefully at Rupert.
6) 134) dialog: That was pretty painless.