0) 143) dialog: Who's the funny little American?
0) 148) dialog: Not for me. Far too early. And you know I never drink whisky.
0) 151) dialog: Really, Bill. You're such a bad influence. Don't blame me if I pass out at dinner. But she takes the drink and sips it as the valet takes th and leaves.
0) 153) dialog: Tim afraid he only feels safe with his own kind.
0) 155) dialog: Tf you think he's dull you should've met his father. He made Raymond look like Buster Keaton. 12 INT. KITCHEN CORRIDOR. EVE. Mary carries three evening frocks while Elsie carries one holds it up.
2) 9) dialog: Ivor's going with you?
2) 11) dialog: Is he? Doesn't sound very like Ivor He normally stays in bed and comes out with the ladies for luncheon.
2) 13) dialog: Welsh Rabbit? Is that a vegetarian game course? Freddie is on Sylvia's left.
2) 30) dialog: Of course you did
2) 274) dialog: I’ve already tried. I don’t mind having another go but it won’t do any good. The door opens and Isobel appears. She is now in her twee which are not becoming. The others whisper conspiratorial ‘Come in!’ or ‘Shut the door!’
2) 405) dialog: q don’t think so. I've rather gone off cards. I've never been very lucky with them. Almost inadvertently, she catches William’s eye. He holds glance, subdued.
3) 10) dialog: I could try and fetch him if you like.
3) 13) dialog: Come here you horrid little thing. William, I - But the rest of her speech is swallowed in a scream. At o the music stops. The guests, followed by the different gr listening servants, cluster into the red saloon. Isobel c forward but Rupert shields her until a sob from Probert b them all to the door of the library. Mabel screams.
5) 203) dialog: If you like. I’ve got nothing else to say.
5) 205) dialog: Do you Raymond? And suppose I want you to be honest with me? INT. SERVANTS’ HALL. EVE. Barnes, Probert and the other valets and ladies’ relaxing. The boy is wiping down the table after the serv dinner. Jennings looks in.
5) 227) dialog: Couldn't you play something a little more cheerful, Mr Novello? We‘re all quite emotional enough as it is. Ivor obliges, moving into waltz time. Weissman leans over as Jennings arrives.
5) 238) dialog: Anthony. There you are. Where have you been? You're too late for dinner but I’m sure they can bring you a tray if you're hungry.
6) 113) dialog: On the contrary. It is entirely your decision, She holds his gaze. No arm wrestlers in a dock-side pub c more absorbed in their contest of wills. It is Raymond's knuckles which hit the tables first.
6) 115) dialog: Don't say it if you don't mean it. RAYMOND e@ IZ do mean it...I won't mention the subject again. His capitulation is clear: He has purchased a scandal-fre at the cost of never challenging his wife again over the William question, She is content.
6) 116) dialog: Then thank you, yes, do pack. I'll be leaving with his lordship after all. 134 INT. UPSTAIRS HALL AND CORRIDOR. DAY. On the stairs, Jeremy and Rupert whisper behind Arthur wh carries their cases.
6) 203) dialog: Well, goodbye. Let us know if there's anything we can do.
6) 205) dialog: Not once the shooting’s finished. I think we’ll just put our feet up. Won’t we, Raymond? She glances at her husband. She is prepared to live in pe he is. Nearby stands Constance’s car. Merriman puts in the lugga Mary comes out, with dressing case and valise, as the Stockbridges get in. Robert strolls over as Renee tucks i Louisa and climbs into the front seat. The rear dicky is for Robert.