0) 130) dialog: What's Greta Garbo really like? Did you get to know her?
0) 227) dialog: I don't have a lady's maid. She gives the information flatly but Constance remains li Sylvia has given up on Raymond and come to look for a cig in a box on the tea-table.
0) 342) dialog: You go on. T‘ll be as quick as I can.
0) 344) dialog: Well, there’s no harm in trying. 24 33
2) 32) dialog: What about Commander Meredith? He must have done something right.
2) 34) dialog: But how splendid!
2) 46) dialog: But I’m not a country girl at all.
2) 48) dialog: No. I grew up in Leicester. My father had a glove factory. One thing I do know is how a glove should fit.
2) 409) dialog: Set in London.
3) 0) text: A secret door in the bookshelves opens gently as the boot slip in. Leaving a trail of mud, he moves softly across t floor until William’s feet come into view. The camera mov to reveal William in a fiercely concentrated position, ho some part of a gun quite still. He seems frozen. The empt is on its side on the table. The hand of the intruder lif sight. It is covered in a green baize glove, the type we seen in Scenes 15 and 61 and it holds the missing knife. semi-circular arc, the blade flashes down, over William’s shoulder and into his heart. Silently, William slumps for onto the table, his face crushed into the tools of his ho Below him, the wretched Pip whines. After a fraction of a second, the unknown assailant retreats. The concealed boo door closes behind him. INT. DRAWING-ROOM. NIGHT. Freddie returns. Jeremy makes to rise but Freddie stops h Mabel comes over.
3) 2) dialog: Where have you been?
4) 42) dialog: Don’t talk nonsense, You dress at home without any help.
4) 44) dialog: Pay no attention. He’s in a bait and I know why. She gives Dorothy a friendly wink,
5) 226) dialog: Oh, how that tune used to make me cry. Turning to say this, her eye is caught by Isobel handing something to Freddie by the door. Louisa speaks from the table as she takes a drink from Jennings.
5) 236) dialog: What was Isobel giving you just now?
6) 104) dialog: Oh Freddie. Do try not to be so frightened all the time. They move off camera as Arthur, climbing the stairs, take to Barnes whe is carrying luggage down with Sarah. Behind are the Merediths.