0) 21) dialog: You know what he's like.
0) 23) dialog: It's so typical. The ones you hate live forever. Have you had a horrid journey?
0) 27) dialog: You must be frozen. Come and have some tea, Mary eyes the standing horse warily. With a snort, it sha head and, rather gingerly, she stretches out her hand to the reins under the animal’s chin. At once it starts to f and plunge. Sylvia looks across.
0) 28) dialog: Leave him alone. He knows what to do. The embarrassed maid drops the reins as a groom appears a leads the docile horse away. Mary, of course, does not kn to do. Sylvia and her aunt start up the steps but we do not foll they move off camera. Jennings steps forward.
0) 142) dialog: I hope you've all got everything you need, She shares the moment with Constance before walking back the open library door where McCordle is sitting at a work covered with gun tools and a pistol feeding his terrier, Keeping him company is Louisa Stockbridge.
0) 202) dialog: I don't know what you're talking about. Sylvia, without her hacking jacket but still in jodphurs, to her other brother-in-law, Raymond Stockbridge. With Ge camera, we hear them before we see them. Raymond sits rea magazine but it is clear that something has set him on ed
0) 203) dialog: Have you done a lot of shooting this year?
0) 206) dialog: All finished, thank you, George. So is Lord Stockbridge. He starts to clear as she looks across at the silent peer
0) 207) dialog: Does Louisa always go out with you?
0) 209) dialog: How good she is...It bores me stiff, I'm afraid. And William's such a rotten shot, he doesn't really like anyone standing with him. I try and duck out of it. Particularly if it's Scotland. (CONTINUED )
0) 217) dialog: Nonsense. It's William's fault. He just has this idea that all Americans sleep with guns under their pillows.
0) 229) dialog: She does look rather young. Constance drops her voice so that only Sylvia (and George hear.
0) 304) dialog: I'm going down. Lewis said you wanted me.
0) 306) dialog: You know who. Aunt Constance and Lavinia.
0) 308) dialog: Do you really want me to explain the Table of Precedence now? Or can it wait? Her voice is dripping with sarcasm.
0) 312) dialog: You rage when people look down on you and then you insist on behaving like a vulgar ignoramus. Her contemptuous words have their effect. This is how she controls him.
0) 314) dialog: No.
0) 316) dialog: I thought it was settled for her lifetime,
0) 318) dialog: Will that be all, sir? Probert restrains a smile as he carries the clothes brush to the dressing-table.
0) 320) dialog: Why?
0) 324) dialog: Oh? Have you told him?
0) 326) dialog: Far be it from me to contradict Louisa.. Poor little Anthony. I thought he was looking unusually pathetic at tea...Get away from me. She shoves Pip off her foot as Probert bows.
1) 5) dialog: Jennings, can I have a martini when you've done that? Oh, don’t get up. Go on. Please. What is it? I don’t believe I know it.
1) 9) dialog: I can't imagine how one could ever invent a tune.. How do you start?
1) 11) dialog: Well I think it’s too clever for any words . (CONTINUED)
1) 63) dialog: IT am so sorry to disturb you all but a major crisis has arisen. I’ve just learned that Mr Weissman doesn’t eat meat. Is it a Jewish thing? I always thought that was pork and prawns...But the point is: What are we to do? I can’t tell Mrs Croft. I simply don’t dare.
1) 65) dialog: Thank you, Mrs Wilson. Of course you're ten steps ahead. Which one of you is Mr Weissman’s valet?
1) 69) dialog: Are you, indeed? Heavens... well... thank you for being so efficient. Please don't let me interrupt you further. She hurries away and they sit, dazed. George looks across Henry with a wink.
2) 17) dialog: Oh? Aunt Constance seemed to think it was more serious than that.
2) 19) dialog: Ivor and Mabel are talking in the wrong direction so you’d better join us. It never seems to work when I’m mot at the end.. What a filthy night it's turning into. I’m afraid you'll all be drenched tomorrow but of course you'll say it doesn’t matter.
2) 26) dialog: Not all. You never fought, did you, William? (CONTINUED)
2) 31) dialog: Well, you made a lot of money but it’s not quite the same as charging into the camnon’s mouth, is it? Thank God for Raymond. At least the family had one representative in the front line Mabel turns to Ivor on her right, speaking sotto voce.
2) 35) dialog: It was splendid. How many times were you mentioned in despatches, Raymond?
2) 42) dialog: No, they're too late. Give them a tray in the billiard room. They can join us later.
2) 45) dialog: I don’t think so.. Thank you, Jennings. As Jennings walks away, we can just hear one final interc
2) 67) dialog: Now, don’t be too long. William shuts the door and returns to his seat, inviting other men to join him.
2) 99) dialog: Not really... I‘m worn out. She throws herself back among the pillows, Lewis strains the frock. She is old and the effort is great. But if the irony in their situation, neither is aware of it.
2) 100) dialog: Is there any chocolate left in that pot? Lewis pauses to lift the lid of an exquisite little Sévre on the dressing table.
2) 102) dialog: Lewis! The suddenness of her apparition startles him for a momen returns Sylvia's gaze.
2) 103) dialog: I was looking for my maid.
2) 107) dialog: She's fetching some chocolate for me but I’d rather have a glass of milk
2) 109) dialog: What do you think?
2) 111) dialog: Hot, then... and with something to make it sweet...or I know I'll never shut my eyes.
2) 113) dialog: Well, I've a feeling I will tonight. In fact, I know I'1li be wide awake at one and bored to sobs...
2) 273) dialog: There's no point in looking at me. If I open my mouth on the subject, it'll only make things worse.
2) 277) dialog: What are you wearing?
2) 279) dialog: Did I? How extraordinary of me. Come on. We'd better get going. Where’s the wretched Mabel? Is she downstairs? (CONTINUED)
2) 295) dialog: What? What exactly are you warning me of? She falls silent as she sees the footman. At the top of t stair, George enters the temple. Jennings hurries in behi and starts to unload the stew from the baskets. Henry Den watches as George arranges glasses on a tray.
2) 315) dialog: I thought so. I borrowed it off Lewis.
2) 317) dialog: Nothing. Shall we go in? It's going to pelt in a minute. Ivor moves over to Weissman taking a telegram out of his
2) 375) dialog: I’m on my way down. This is just a quick warning. For God’s sake be careful not to rub him up, tonight.
2) 377) dialog: You know exactly what I mean. He’s in a filthy mood. With everyone... He’s talking about stopping your allowance.
2) 379) dialog: Just you watch him. He’s absolutely spoiling for a fight and if you'll take my advice, you won’t give him one... I’ve got to go. She hurries out. This exchange has been in and out of vis we follow Mary putting things away. Constance catches her through the mirror. (CONTINUED)
2) 407) dialog: Tell me again, Mr Weissman, what’s this film you’re working on?
2) 420) dialog: Not likely.
2) 422) dialog: Well, I know you’re interested in money and in fiddling with those dreary guns but I agree. When it comes te anything else, I'm stumped.
2) 441) dialog: Ivor, darling, is it too awful to ask you to play something? And brighten things up a bit? It would be such a treat
2) 492) dialog: Even Anthony couldn’t be that stupid. Mabel looks over sharply at Constance who greets her with cheery smile. INT. UPSTAIRS HALL AND CORRIDOR. NIGHT. The boots entex the front door, leaving a muddy trail. Th is quite audible. 77 78 86
3) 5) dialog: George, do you know what‘s become of Sir William?
3) 9) dialog: What are we going to do?
3) 11) dialog: Would you, really? He much prefers you to me. INT. UPSTAIRS HALL AND CORRIDOR / RED SALOON. NIGHT. Mary, Probert and Lewis are still listening as Robert rej them. He carries two hot water bottles and hands one over Mary. It is in a cover bearing the coronetted ‘T.’
3) 34) dialog: You must be the police.
3) 38) dialog: I'm Lady Sylvia MecCordle. We haven't moved him but I didn’t know whether to ring for a doctor or not. William's real one’s in London and it seemed very hard to wake him at this time of night.
3) 40) dialog: Good. I mean I suppose it doesn’t really matter if it’s a stroke or a heart attack or whatever but we might as well get it right.. Let’s go straight to the red drawing-room. I've got everyone rounded up there. Thompson glances at Weissman who is getting heated but Sy in control.
3) 41) dialog: Oh, don’t mind him. He's just an American who’s staying with us. She has led them into the saloon, Jennings follows. All t upstairs members of the party are gathered in varying sta shock. Pip is in the corner, whining.
3) 42) dialog: I‘d better tell you who we all are then we can go to bed and leave you with poor William. Is that a good plan?
3) 45) dialog: This is my aunt, Lady Trentham —
3) 50) dialog: My brother-in-law, Lord Stockbridge. My sister, Lady Stockbridge, ...my youngest sister, Lady Lavinia Meredith, and her husband, Commander Meredith. Mr Novello, I suppose you knew that without my telling you...That'1ll be all, thank you Jemnings...no, wait. Would you like to talk to any of the servants tonight, Inspector —
3) 52) dialog: Perhaps you should see Probert. My poor husband’s valet. Would you tell him to come up, Jennings? Now, where was I? This is Mr and Mrs Nesbitt, my daughter, Miss McCordle, Lord Rupert Standish and Mr Blond... But Jennings has picked up Pip and left before she has fi the list. INT. SERVANTS’ HALL. NIGHT. They are still seated as Jennings enters. He gives Pip to odd man who takes the dog reluctantly. After a moment, Mr speaks
3) 96) dialog: What is it? Please tell me you haven't come with condolences. She looks very beautiful and he is reluctant to jeopardis fun.
3) 100) dialog: Well... after all, I suppose life must go on. INT, LIBRARY. NIGHT. Probert is in tears. Dexter is sympathetic. Thompson is r embarrassed,
5) 72) dialog: Never mind Lewis. The Seal of the Confessional’s got nothing on her. Has it, Lewis?
5) 74) dialog: She's rather anti-Catholic... So?
5) 76) dialog: But darling, you're quite safe. I'm sure it's not illegal. Even for someone who does it as badly as you do. (CONTINUED )
5) 80) dialog: But isn't it for them to say what's important and what isn't? Yes, Lewis? What is it?
5) 82) dialog: Has he, indeed? Well, he’1ll have to wait. I want a bath. Who’s in the firing line at the moment?
5) 84) dialog: God help them. 106 INT. LIBRARY. DAY. Mary is by the. door. Thompson has been talking to Consta Dexter is an observer.
5) 117) dialog: I suppose so. But he didn’t.
5) 119) dialog: How kind you are. But could you bear to put my milk in afterwards? She smiles, enjoying his gaffe as he clumsily replaces th and picks up the pot INT, JENNINGS’S ROOM. DAY. Gathered at the door, the servants listen to Jennings.
5) 225) dialog: Not very. She answers without looking up. Behind, Ivor plays “Keep Home Fires Burning”.
6) 9) dialog: Don’t go, Lewis. There’s no need. She ignores the hapless Henry until he is provoked into something Like anger.
6) 11) dialog: Then you are a fool as well as a liar .
6) 155) dialog: i feel rather guilty. Apparently they've all gone. Except for you and Louisa.. but there’s no hurry. Why not stay for luncheon?
6) 161) dialog: Not really. I thought I might travel for a bit.. Amelia Northbrook rang up this morning. They’ve taken a house in Alexandria for the winter and she’s given me an open invitation...
6) 163) dialog: I don’t know., William loved it, of course. Fiddling with his guns... Tramping over his acres... not killing his pheasants.. Poor William. She finds another scarf better suited to her colouring. Constance nods, carefully patting her lipstick dry with a handkerchief she keeps for that purpose.
6) 165) dialog: It's so difficult.. I mean, these days, does one want the bother? It’s not a family house, after all. Just bought with William’s ill-gotten gains. I suppose I could shut it up for now and then make a decision when my head stops spinning.
6) 167) dialog: Oh yes, she could manage things. Let's not worry about that.. No doubt she’1l sieze the chance to get rid of the wretched Mrs Croft.
6) 171) dialog: Who knows? Something to do with when they were both in one of William's sweat shops. Mrs Croft was the senior then. She was a cook when Mrs Wilson was a lowly factory worker. Now she’s gone up in the world and Mrs Croft can't adjust. Usual rubbish...
6) 173) dialog: Nor me. Although, funnily enough, I think there must have been.
6) 175) dialog: Well, unless she just changed her name...I know she had a different one when she first worked for William. Parker or Parkis or something. A missing piece has fallen into place for Mary. She shuts case and stands.
6) 204) dialog: Are you going away at all?