0) 19) dialog: Constance, Welcome. The visitor nods as Sylvia jumps down from her horse, tos the reins back over its head. She gives her aunt a kiss.
0) 144) dialog: Morris Weissman? A friend of Ivor's. He makes films in Hollywood. Ivor asked if he could bring him and I didn't see why not. I thought he might be interested in shooting but...
0) 147) dialog: Good thinking, Probert. As the valet looks for the paper, William hands the drink Louisa but she shakes her head.
0) 149) dialog: Nonsense. Come on. Drink up. It's good for you. (CONTINUED)
0) 152) dialog: I don't know how impressed your husband is with our Showbiz folk. He looks as if he's being forced to share a railway sleeper with a garage mechanic.
0) 154) dialog: Poor old Raymond.
0) 214) dialog: It doesn't matter...I'm going up to change.
0) 302) dialog: And you really don’t think a handkerchief?
0) 305) dialog: Who’s next to me at dinner?
0) 307) dialog: Why do I have to have the old trout the whole bloody time? Why can't I have Louisa?
0) 309) dialog: Who gives a shit about precedence? Probert walks over to put something into a tall-boy near in time for us to see her shrug, speaking wearily as she to a tiresome child. (CONTINUED)
0) 313) dialog: Has Constance asked you for any money yet? The camera has followed Probert as he continues to tidy t dressing-room. Now he takes a crested, ivory clothes brus a tall-boy and returns to Sir William.
0) 315) dialog: Raymond says she’s been complaining that her allowance isn’t big enough. I’ve a good mind to stop it altogether.
0) 317) dialog: Says who? His manner is bullying and unpleasant but Sylvia is uninterested.
0) 319) dialog: I wish Anthony wasn’t here. Try and make sure he doesn’t get me on my own, can you?
0) 321) dialog: I’m pulling out of his scheme.
0) 325) dialog: No. And I’m not going to if I can help it. Louisa thought I should do it next week. Then he can sob in private. Spare Lavinia’s blushes
0) 328) dialog: C No, thank you, Probert. 21 INT. GALLERY. EVE. As Probert emerges, Elsie is coming down the gallery look harrassed.
2) 6) dialog: I don’t think I should leave my guests, do you.. He leans down to feed Pip who sits beneath his chair.
2) 29) dialog: I did my bit
2) 68) dialog: Move up, all of you.. Thank you, Jennings. They sit at his end of the table, irrespective of where t were before.
2) 74) dialog: Leave them be. They can entertain the ladies. Give Mr Novello a rest.
2) 196) dialog: Oh... I was rather hoping for a word with Mrs Wilson.
2) 198) dialog: Mrs Wilson, I wonder if you could tell Jennings that I want the soup after the fourth drive tomorrow... Is this really what he came to say? As Mary goes, Mrs Wil closed the door. 44 INT. FOOTMEN'S ATTIC CORRIDOR. NIGHT. Henry backs out of the bedroom door, shuts it carefully, sets off down the stairs. 45 EXT. GOSFORD PARK. DAY. It is a grey morning. Men gather as two wagonettes are pu to the front. 46 INT. TRENTHAM BEDROOM. DAY. e@ A fire crackles merrily in the grate. Constance is sittin bed. She smooths the sheet before her, eagerly anticipati tray that Mary is carrying in from the door.
2) 253) dialog: Damn! He swiftly changes guns with Derwent who reloads as Sir W fires again.
2) 254) dialog: Blast! He changes guns with Crosbie who starts to reload. More s from Sir William. (CONTINUED)
2) 257) dialog: I think I pricked that one. From the expressions of the loaders as they share a look, clear they do not agree. The shooting is heavy now until suddenly a shot just misses them. All three duck.
2) 260) dialog: No. I am not all right. To his and their astonishment, a tiny trickle of blood ma ear.
2) 262) dialog: Where the bloody hell did that come £rom? e@
2) 264) dialog: At the end of the drive, find Strutt. See if he knows. If he does, he can tell the gun responsible to go back to the house.
2) 266) dialog: Right. With a sigh of recovery, he takes up his gun again and fi
2) 267) dialog: Damn it! Crosbie looks over to Derwent and rolls his eyes skyward. 52 INT. TRENTHAM BEDROOM. DAY. Mary comes in. Constance is at the dressing-table. Sylvia on the bed, Louisa and Lavinia are seated. (CONTINUED)
2) 330) dialog: I’m afraid so. I was going to tell you next week but since you asked William is irritated. This is exactly what he wanted to a He looks about for help and seeing George, he holds up hi for some more.
2) 332) dialog: Come on. It’s not as black as all that.
2) 334) dialog: Well, I’m sorry to hear it, Anthony. But business is business. I‘m not a Charity Commissioner, you know.
2) 339) dialog: Just leave it His anger is obvious but contained as George stoops to pi the pieces and Jennings comes into the doorway. He is jus time. The rain is starting again.
2) 385) dialog: Is her ladyship down yet?
2) 387) dialog: Well, it won’t kill them to wait five minutes. He starts to pour as Weissman comes in behind him, taking drink from the tray.
2) 390) dialog: That’s all, Jennings.
2) 421) dialog: Why shouldn’t I be? You don’t know what I’m interested in.
2) 465) dialog: What do you want?
2) 467) dialog: If I’d wanted coffee I'd have rung for it! With an impatient gesture he knocks the tray out of her h She starts to pick it up. (CONTINUED)
2) 470) dialog: Never mind that! Just get me some whisky! Silently, she stands with the tray and goes to pour the d Her back is to him and she takes her time. He ignores her sets the drink before him and leaves.
3) 0) text: A secret door in the bookshelves opens gently as the boot slip in. Leaving a trail of mud, he moves softly across t floor until William’s feet come into view. The camera mov to reveal William in a fiercely concentrated position, ho some part of a gun quite still. He seems frozen. The empt is on its side on the table. The hand of the intruder lif sight. It is covered in a green baize glove, the type we seen in Scenes 15 and 61 and it holds the missing knife. semi-circular arc, the blade flashes down, over William’s shoulder and into his heart. Silently, William slumps for onto the table, his face crushed into the tools of his ho Below him, the wretched Pip whines. After a fraction of a second, the unknown assailant retreats. The concealed boo door closes behind him. INT. DRAWING-ROOM. NIGHT. Freddie returns. Jeremy makes to rise but Freddie stops h Mabel comes over.