3) 0) text: His scream is muffled under three inches of glass. The ha door is hit with a THUD and white gases erupt from the ed THUD, THUD... THUD! The door bursts open and BOWER scampe out, struggling to rip away the feeding tubes. He HITS th floor, naked and gasping. His pores ignite, dripping swea He tries to get to his feet, but his legs wobble undernea him, collapsing. He yells at the floor.
3) 8) dialog: Burns are red! Bruises... blue- His voice echoes into the dark, alone in a cavernous room he pauses, struggling for orientation. He gets to his fee muscles twitching. His short-cropped hair is... pure whit
3) 9) dialog: Hey...? HEY!!? Someone? A constant low RUMBLE is present, joined by the occasiona MOAN and CREAK of a large ship. A SHUDDER travels through the room with a random FLICKER of LIGHTS to reveal... A massive steel compartment, tangled with technology. It' cold and institutional. High-tech computer terminals slop out of the floor. The FLICKER passes, taking us into blac We hear him: fumbling through the room, switches are thro with no result and compartments are pulled opened and... SNAP! A glow stick comes to life. He squints at his darkened surroundings with confusion. A drip of liquid catches his eye and he staggers back to hi sleep pod. He grabs the dangling tubes that were ripped f his arm and he sucks on the tube, pulling as much liquid his mouth as possible. After a few heavy gulps, he suddenly heaves towards the floor. He painfully forces himself to drink, gasping. He looks up to notice two sleep chambers next to his own. leans closer with the glow stick to see the first one, th name plate reading; 2nd Lt. Cooper. It's EMPTY. The third pod's name plate reads; LT. PAYTON. Deep inside there is the figure of a man, asleep under a mask.
3) 10) dialog: Payton? Lieutenant... Payton? He turns back to his own pod, seeing the name plate that reads; CORPORAL BOWER. Even this name doesn't seem famili
3) 11) dialog: Bower? Bower...? The loss of memory heightens his fear even more as a shiv travels through his body while he staggers towards a near computer terminal. He taps the keys on a computer termina Nothing. He frowns, leaning closer.
4) 0) text: BOWER walks along a row of storage lockers reading each n plate. He stops at the locker labelled; Corp. Bower. He pauses, mumbling the name once again with no recognition.
4) 1) dialog: Bower. He opens the locker to see an assortment of personalized belongings, uniform and gear, none of it seeming familiar He uses a towel to wipe off the layer of sweat and oily substance coating his body, pausing to see an identificat tattoo on his forearm that reads: FLT&gt;&gt;005Г‚В»015. He pulls on a black flight suit, emblems and military markings of rank on the chest. He pulls on shoes and a to belt with a high powered pen-lamp. On the inside of the locker is a emergency manual card wi block figures displaying breathing and stretching exercis labelled; Hyper-Sleep Disorientation Recovery Procedures.
4) 2) dialog: (reading to himself) .in the event of mild memory loss... resulting from extended- He freezes on... A PHOTO tucked inside the door. EVALON, beautiful young woman smiling towards camera. He stares a the-photo, his frown deepening with confusion. He checks back for a name, but nothing. He tucks the photo into a pocket and exits.
5) 0) text: BOWER waves his hand over a sensor... no power. He steps front of a heavy set of steel doors, flipping several switches and... nothing.
5) 4) dialog: Faa-uck! Distant THUMPS. He pans the pen-lamp across the ceiling a toward the sounds... PAYTON'S sleep chamber. THUMP, THUMP, THUMP: Muffled and desperate. CRACK! Bower jumps back as someone kicks their way out from inside, th hatch bursting open. Out climbs... PAYTON, a man in his forties, but the rugged physique of man half his age, lean and agile. His military-style hair cut is also pure white. Gasping for breath, he hits the floor as BOWER tries to help him. PAYTON jerks with shock
5) 5) dialog: Whoa! Hey... easy! Lt. Payton? You're- Sir... whoa! PAYTON chokes and gasps, then glances up, giving Bower a over with a frown and a sobering tone.
5) 7) dialog: Bower. Corporal... Bower, sir. I'm the-
5) 17) dialog: That's right. You're waking from
5) 20) dialog: Yes, sir. This is disorientation from-
5) 22) dialog: Yes. That's right, I'm-
5) 24) dialog: Sorry... sir. PAYTON rubs his face with a frown.
5) 26) dialog: We're aboard the Elysium. From what I've
5) 30) dialog: I don't... really know. There's no power in the com and I can't even-
5) 32) dialog: I believe so.
5) 41) dialog: Sir... I don't know where anyone is. PAYTON takes breaths, trying to regain his senses, glanci around at their darkened surroundings.
5) 43) dialog: Ah... we're having some power problems-
5) 45) dialog: Umm, not sure. It had to have been the flight computer. There's no one here... (off his look) .except us.
5) 47) dialog: There's no power coming off the main grid. Can't fire any of the... (searching for word) Dynos. Can't even open the doors. PAYTON glances to the other empty sleep-chamber with a fr
5) 48) dialog: (off his look) Our 2nd Lieutenant? I don't know where he is. It was empty when I woke up. None of the systems are on-line. Mainframe is down, so I don't know how or why it engaged independently-
5) 50) dialog: Yeah?
5) 59) dialog: Sorry. I just- Just glad to see you awake. i was... a little concerned. I didn't know what to do if- PAYTON gets to his feet, stumbling. BOWER catches him und the arm as they stagger into the wall.
5) 60) dialog: Easy... Lieutenant. Easy.
5) 62) dialog: I'm on it.
6) 0) text: PAYTON staggers along the row of storage lockers as BOWER helps guide him with the flashlight beam. PAYTON pauses w a frown as he glances across the name-plates, none of the seeming familiar. BOWER gestures toward the locker, the n plate reads: LT. PAYTON.
6) 1) dialog: This is you, sir.
6) 3) dialog: 1 It's... the name on your sleep pod, sir. PAYTON opens the door to see his belongings inside, a pho of WIFE (MARIANNE) inside the door. He stares at it with utter confusion. BOWER takes this in, looking to the memo recovery card inside the locker.
6) 11) dialog: it says that the memory loss is only suppose to be a momentary loss that's-
6) 13) dialog: I've been awake for at least an hour and I still can't remember my... anything.
6) 15) dialog: What was... your last flight, sir?
6) 19) dialog: Sir? I know this is going to sound strange, but do you even know where we're going? I can remember the training, but... not the mission. Know the procedures, not the... destination.
6) 28) dialog: Didn't even know the ship's name until I saw it-on the console. For all I know this was another damn training exercise-
7) 0) text: BOWER and PAYTON are standing at the control console, the screens flickering with distortion. BOWER hands him a cof and PAYTON takes a sip... with a wince of disgust.
7) 1) dialog: None of the activators are working.
7) 3) dialog: Without the mainframe, we can't connect. I don't know how we'll ever be able to- PAYTON is in his element at the control desk, flipping op an emergency auxiliary-power panel. He snaps open a handl and he forcefully gives it several rotations with a MOAN whirling magnetos. The hand-crank allows a dim glow of electricity to the light panels.
7) 4) dialog: Oh, I- didn't even think of that.
7) 13) dialog: Five.
7) 16) dialog: Team Four suppose to be here for the shift rotation. Where could they be?
7) 18) dialog: Where could he have gone? PAYTON gazes off blankly. A RUMBLE of FLICKERING LIGHTS p and the computer screens slowly fade, going black.
7) 20) dialog: Whatta ya think?
7) 29) dialog: Somebody... is up there.
7) 33) dialog: Jesus. Somebody was trying to get out.
7) 35) dialog: (gesturing to the third pod) Well, he got out... some how. A RUMBLE approaches... another SHUDDER that FLICKERS the lights. They watch the ceiling as BOWER counts in his hea as it fades.
7) 36) dialog: Cycle is broken.
7) 39) dialog: It's not circuitry. Reactor timing is off-set in the core. Seems sporadic, but it's not. Each revolution decreasing before starting over from the beginning.
7) 48) dialog: It's trying to reconnect, but it won't until it's reset.
7) 50) dialog: I dunno. I can't remember my own- but I know everything there is to know about that damn reactor.
7) 52) dialog: And I know that... Another SHUDDER approaches.
7) 53) dialog: That's twelve revolutions, before recycling. And this one will only last- As they watch the ceiling, their flashlight beams stop on small ventilation shaft that's been ripped open. They exchange a look and...
8) 2) dialog: Our 2nd Lieutenant must have gone this way. Don't you think?
8) 4) dialog: It's the only way out.
8) 6) dialog: For what? If the mainframe is off-line-
8) 15) dialog: But we can at least find out what's
8) 18) dialog: But, we can at least try to-
8) 21) dialog: Can't do... Sir?
8) 23) dialog: You're... claustrophobic?
8) 25) dialog: 
8) 30) dialog: You can guide me... over two-way. PAYTON eyes him over with reluctance.
8) 31) dialog: You know there's something wrong. How long can we wait in here before we have to try something?
8) 40) dialog: (gesturing to 2nd Lt pod) How long did he wait? Silent stare as a SHUDDER passes, flickering the lights.
8) 41) dialog: What if no one else is awake and there's no one at the wheel?
9) 0) text: They dig through compartments, collecting tools. BOWER pu on a boom-mic, clips the radio on his belt and tests the transmitter. PAYTON goes through a drawer of office supplies, handing him an ENVELOPE OPENER.
9) 3) dialog: Yeah... I think so.
9) 5) dialog: What do-you remember? Anything yet?
9) 8) dialog: And you're the cranky old bastard who made me take the aisle.
10) 0) text: BOWER squeezes inside, pushing himself forward several fe as PAYTON peeks inside behind him. With one last look, BO holds the pen-lamp in his teeth and begins to crawl, push himself forward on his stomach, only several inches at a in a rhythmic motion. Grunt, slide, breath. Grunt, slide, breath. PAYTON'S flashlight slowly fades from sight.
11) 1) text: Grunt, slide, breath. Grunt, slide breath. BOWER'S pen-lamp slowly emerges and he pauses to catch hi breath. With anxiety shown across his sweat coated face, squints down the endless shaft. BOWER (GASPING)
13) 0) text: BOWER frowns as he squints down the shaft. BOWER
13) 1) text: Hey? BOWER quickly pushes himself forward reaching an intersec in the shaft. BOWER (CONT'D)
13) 6) text: Don't say that. BOWER lowers his head, breathing heavily.
13) 8) text: (under his breath) I'll be damned. BOWER collects himself, a tightened jaw of determination. (CONTINUED)    
15) 0) text: Pitch black. Grunt, slide, breath. Grunt, struggle, breat BOWER pauses, digging for his lamp. He's soaked with swea eyes nearing desperation. Pipes are cutting through the shaft on both sides, making his crawl space even smaller much more difficult. BOWER (GASPING)
15) 6) text: Easy, pal. Breath easy. Listen to me- BOWER squirms, pushing outward against the walls of the s with an increasing panic. BOWER
16) 0) text: PAYTON is helpless, listening as BOWER is heard on the ra starting to FREAK OUT. (CONTINUED)    
16) 2) text: Bower? BOWER!? Stop it. Stop it! Just listen to me. Put it out of your head. Stop moving and breath. Listen to MY VOICE-
17) 0) text: BOWER freezes in shock. BOWER
17) 13) text: .eight years. BOWER pulls the photo from his sleeve pocket, shining the flashlight onto Evalon's image. BOWER (CONT'D)
19) 2) text: I remember... being interviewed. My mother seeing me on the news. This flight was... like no other. We weren't just pilots... BOWER looks up, shining the light down the shaft as the SHUDDER fades. He pauses to see small bolts protruding fr the wall, small pieces of ripped fabric and smears of blo
19) 6) text: Someone's been... BOWER notices the droplets of sweat dripping off his chin rolling forward across the shaft floor with a frown.
19) 8) text: What's wrong? BOWER
19) 11) text: BOWER panics as he begins to slide forward into a downwar sloping shaft, clawing at the walls. The flashlight falls rolling and sliding into the darkened abyss. He frantical tries to grip a pipe, but his hand slips, picking up spee
19) 12) dialog: No, no... N00000! He slides head first into a vertical drop, the shaft tightening like a funnel, crushing his lungs and SLAM! He crashes into a steel grate where his flashlight lays. It' nightmarish head stand, his neck twisted with all his wei on top of himself, squirming with no where to squirm.
19) 14) dialog: The flashlight falls through the grate and he watches in horror as the light drops, fading from sight, taking him darkness. BOWER
20) 1) text: Bower!? What happened? Bower!? All he can hear is the muffled, panicked struggle. The RUMBLE of a power surge approaches. CUT TO:
21) 0) text: Pitch BLACK. BOWER squirms, twisting and heaving inside t steel vise deathtrap. GASP, GASP, GASP! And then... The RUMBLE approaches. A SHUDDER that sends a domino effe of metallic CLANKS towards him from below. Small shafts o light break through as small vents open in the side walls His fingers dig the envelope opener from his pocket as th RUMBLE fades, CLANKING the vents shut just as... He stabs the envelope opener into an open vent. Metal ben He begins to BANG his elbow against the vent, over and ov
22) 1) text: Bower...!? Through the static comes a HOWL of victory. BOWER
23) 0) text: BOWER snaps a GLOW STICK to life to see himself inside a small box-shaped bin, kneeling on top of dozens of BOOTS. BOWER
24) 2) text: Bower...? You alright? BOWER!? CUT TO:
25) 0) text: BOWER painfully gets to his feet to see rows of storage compartments, looking up to the storage bin he fell out o BOWER
26) 1) text: Bower? Do you hear me? Bower...? Nothing but STATIC. CUT TO:
27) 0) text: BOWER digs into a storage bin, finds another flashlight a goes to a single paneled hatch. He flips the switch and .nothing. His eyes quickly search for a solution. CUT TO:
28) 0) text: A panel is BUSTED open and BOWER jabs a pipe into the gap forcing the door open. SHUSH... the hydraulic pistons ign and the hatch slides open with an echoing... THUD! He cautiously steps out into... FOLLOW THRU:
29) 3) text: Payton? Can you hear me!? Dead static. He sighs, looking down each of the corridors all appearing identical and endless. BOWER (CONT'D)
29) 4) text: Which way is which? I He examines the piping that runs along the ceiling, che the direction of the valves and guesses, picking a direct He walks to the edge of the next corridor and pauses with frown. Glancing down the side corridor, fifty yards away, something is off. Within the symmetrical framing of steel there is a rounded shape that is out of place. Be cautiously steps closer as the object takes the shape of... a MAN, standing at the edge of a doorway, head slig cocked, peeking out. BOWER (CONT'D)
29) 5) text: Hey...!? BOWER freezes, caught in a silent stand-off, the MAN'S motionless stare is unsettling. BOWER (CONT'D)
29) 6) text: Hello...? A low RUMBLE approaches as LIGHTS FLICKER past to reveal. The MAN'S face, hauntingly contorted, swollen features. T MAN is dead, hanging from a cable around his neck, naked gutted like an animal, his feet hanging an inch off the floor. His face is brutally beaten. BOWER (CONT'D)
29) 7) text: Jesus... Christ. Jesus- BOWER back pedals with fear and confusion as distant THUM make him quickly click off his light and he backs away, fading into the dark. His whisper fades. (CONTINUED)    
30) 1) text: Bower? You there? (CLICK)
30) 3) text: Bower:? The familiar sound slowly returns overhead... SCRAPE... THUMP... SCRAPE. The "sounds" are heard, muffled and now closer then befor With the flashlight leading the way he explores into a co of the room, tangled with pipes.
30) 5) text: Bower? Can you hear me? (CLICK)
30) 6) text: Bower? Answer me, God dammit. DISSOLVE THRU BLACK.
31) 0) text: SHUSH... THUD! BOWER forces open a single paneled hatch d and cautiously enters into an institutional style mess ha Hundreds of lunch tables and chairs. Random SPARKS of lig erupt from neon lights overhead. (CONTINUED)    
31) 2) text: As he moves across the massive room, the neatly lined row gradually become more dishevelled, chairs knocked over an unknown liquid dripping from the tables. Garbage litters floor, a dim glow of light emerging from the galley. He crawls along the edge of the counter and peeks inside galley, horribly ran-sacked. In the midst of the wreckage darkened FIGURE is seen scavenging through the cupboards, angrily tossing empty containers aside. The FIGURE pauses, sensing a presence and glances back as BOWER ducks. He contemplates, pulling out the envelope opener and slowly peeks back out and... POW! He's HIT in the face, blood spraying, slamming onto back. The pen-lamp and envelope opener spin across the floor. BOWER tries to get up and he's grabbed by the hair blade pressed against his neck. I
31) 4) text: Keine Bewegung! BOWER
31) 6) text: Don't move! BOWER (DAZED)
31) 8) text: Don't you move MOTHER FUCKER! She quickly pats him down, stealing tools. All he can see her bare feet, blackened from oil. He frowns to see her t nails painted with bright pink polish. NADIA, a torn jump suit, snarled hair hiding her face, sk smeared with oil. A beautiful woman underneath an apocalyptic smear of grunge. Her hair is pure white, high lighted with smears of oil. BOWER
31) 14) text: Take them off! BOWER
31) 16) text: SHOES! I'll gut your ass- BOWER
31) 19) text: Stop! Stop it! Listen to me! Hold it! she attacks and he frantically throws dishes and chairs t fend her off. She throws the blade, the blunt end deflect off his forearm. BOWER (CONT'D)
31) 20) text: You crazy fucking bitch- He wields the only weapon he can find... his shoe. And he attack abruptly halts, slowly back pedalling with fright. BOWER is confused, realizing her eyes are looking past hi A BLUISH GLOW seeps in from the doorway, approaching from corridor. He looks back to see NADIA is running for the kitchen... gone. (CONTINUED)    
31) 22) text: He ducks below the tables as a FIGURE slowly enters the r carrying a long steel spear-like device with a splinter o blinding BLUE FIRE on the tip, fueled with a chemical spr like a welder's torch. His obstructed view reveals the FIGURE as a tribal warrio scantily clad, elongated muscular frames, pale skin coate hydraulic fluid. Bald head with clumps of tangled hair. I moves smoothly and silently, jabbing the tip of the flami device into each corner and crevasse, as if flushing out anything hidden. BOWER (CONT-D)
31) 23) text: (under his breath) What the hell is- The FIGURE quickly spins his direction and SNAPS a lever the spear-device, killing the blue flame and taking us instantly into darkness. BOWER holds his breath with fright, back pedalling on his knees as his eyes try to adjust to the dark. He takes an uneasy breath to realize... there is more then one. Slowly moving out of the shadows, four more HUNTERS slowl emerge, like a unified pack on the prowl. They carry an assortment of crudely made weapons, spears and blades of sharpened metal. The apparent leader of the pack is HEFLIN, the largest an strongest of the group and he directs the pack with an assortment of odd vocal sounds, deep HISSES from the thro and gargled CACKLES. On command, the one HUNTER flips a lever and the BLUE FLA crackles back to life with a burst of flammable liquid. T hunt continues, the pack weaving through the debris, following NADIA'S path. As the BLUISH GLOW fades, BOWER is left bewildered and terrified. Suddenly, his radio sounds...
31) 27) text: On closer examination, WEASEL is coated with war paint an decorative scars marking his skin. BOWER POV
31) 28) text: The only clear view is off an overturned bowl that shows WEASEL'S face, oddly contorted in the rounded reflection. WEASEL is headed directly for BOWER until.., a HISS from HEFLIN calls him back. WEASEL takes one last look before turning back, the torch fades from view, taking us into black. We hear... BOWER'S breath, heightened gasps of fear as he begins to crawl away.
32) 1) text: Pitch black. Sounds of the ship surround us along with th occasional FLICKER of LIGHT. A whispered conversation between BOWER and the radio slowly comes into ear-shot as find him, hidden beneath a console.
32) 5) text: You should have seen these guys. They were... a very fucked up looking gang. Why the hell would they be-- Payton, they were hunting. BOWER gives himself a shiver as he fearfully checks over shoulder, eyes shifting with fear.
33) 1) text: If they're in there... why haven't they thrown the security hammer into lock down? Seal and freeze it until the emergency units wake? BOWER
34) 0) text: BOWER completes his thought, in a daze. BOWER
34) 2) text: Elysium. This was a one-way ticket. BOWER'S gaze goes distant as... FLASH IMAGE
34) 3) text: Another place, another time, BOWER leans closer on a bed, watching EVALON sleep. There is a a deep love in his eyes BOWER (CONT'D)
34) 4) text: (under his breath) How could I have... left her? Why would I have done that? I loved her... BOWER snaps out of his trance. BOWER (CONT'D)
34) 6) text: What? BOWER
36) 0) text: With a new energy of determination, BOWER crawls out of h hiding place, panning the light to reveal the compartment I
36) 1) text: officer's living quarters. The room is designed in a circular shape, angling up the wall at a ninety degree an He quickly begins to search for tools and weapons. BOWER
36) 2) text: I've got to find her... before those fucking animals do! I've got to- BOWER ransacks the compartments, tossing aside items. BOWER (CONT'D)
36) 4) text: Hold it, hold it! Think about this for a SECOND BOWER
36) 6) text: No, listen to me! LISTEN! You know how big this ship is and there's no way of knowing exactly where- If you go on some wild goose chase to try to find her- BOWER
36) 9) text: And then we would be no closer to getting out of this situation with even less time to regain control of the ship. BOWER stews, wanting to retort, his mind is racing. PAYTON (CONT'D)
36) 10) text: Our job is to obtain control of this ship. Once we've taken control of the systems, finding them would be easy. Are you hearing me? We save the ship... we can save them all. BOWER
36) 11) text: But... how do we- I r PAYTON Where are you? I BOWER
36) 13) text: I can guide you. Find out where you are. Hatch marker. Over the door. His flashlight finds one of the hatch doors and he climbs the slanted wall to read the marker. BOWER
38) 0) text: The same shudder of FLICKERING LIGHTS passes BOWER as he looks down the endless stretch of corridors, pondering.
40) 0) text: The flashlight emerges from the dark as BOWER reaches an intersection, checking the marker and gasping for breath. I BOWER (GASPING)
40) 2) text: Okay. Hold up. I don't want you to go too far down that lane. Just catch your BREATH AND- BOWER (GASPING)
40) 4) text: I don't know vet. Hold on- BOWER backs to the wall, nervously scanning the corridor, struggling for breath. In the background a SHADOW moves at the end of the corrid I
40) 5) text: Feeling uneasy, BOWER slowly backs into a nearby compartm
41) 0) text: BOWER looks across the wreckage of what was once an infirmary, slash marks and battle scars from bladed weapo Through the wreckage he spots... what appears to be a WIN The haze of outer space and an odd-colored MOON are visib BOWER
43) 0) text: BOWER climbs through the debris towards the apparent wind but it's pretty far up a slanted wall and he begins to cl BOWER
43) 3) text: simple as that. A systems malfunction. BOWER pauses his climb, looking up towards the "apparent window", inside what appears to be a bluish moon, dotted craters. He eagerly continues his climb, growing closer. (CONTINUED)    
43) 6) text: spook story, along with a million others. Eden was mechanical failure, not human error. A. glitch... that was remedied way before we ever- BOWER
43) 8) text: They did that for obvious reasons, not because of Eden. BOWER pauses... within reach of the window only to realiz was an illusion. A glass compartment door left slightly a was reflecting a circular light panel, smeared with oil t give the illusion of craters. His shoulders drop in defea BOWER
43) 10) text: (under his breath) Who says we didn't? BOWER climbs down, peering out into the corridor. BOWER
43) 11) text: Something happened to the other team? Maybe there was... Pandorum. BOWER looks to his own hand, cradling the weapon... his FINGERS gently TREMBLING. He makes a fist and shakes his hand, firmly grabbing the weapon.
43) 15) text: BOWER heads down the corridor, making a turn as... ANGLE ON
45) 0) text: BOWER is crouched in the corridor, panning his light down corridor with shifting eyes of confusion. BOWER
45) 5) text: a different one. There's booby-traps, rigged to the- SHEPARD'S eyes POP open wide with a terrified expression, completely silent until BOWER sees him. BOWER jumps with fright and SHEPARD wildly squirms, SCREAMING bloody-murde SHEPARD
45) 9) text: I'm not gonna hurt ya! Just shut the hell up! I'm gonna get you out of this thing. But, you have to be quiet, understand? SHEPARD'S gaze is hollow and disturbed, deeply traumatize BOWER pulls on the wire that's rigged to the hydraulics o nearby doorway, SHEPARD moans.
45) 11) text: SNAP! The wire snare snaps free and SHEPARD goes to the floor gasping. BOWER kneels over him to help, but SHEPARD erupts with a shriek, like a hyper-sensitive rape victim.
45) 15) text: As BOWER tries to wipe away blood, SHEPARD erupts again, trying to scamper away from his touch.
45) 17) text: Hey? You with me? You're gonna be alright. Hear me? Squinting past the glare of the flashlight, SHEPARD notic BOWER'S clean uniform and the radio boom on his chin. He begins to weep, tears of joy and agony. SHEPARD
45) 18) text: Shepard, Thomas L. Team Six. Sector Eight. I think I'm the only one, sir. I knew it. I knew you'd be coming. BOWER
45) 20) text: Where's the rest of your squad? BOWER
45) 22) text: Where's the shuttle? BOWER
45) 24) text: Aren't you the... retraction team? The RESCUE- BOWER
45) 30) text: So... you don't have a fucking clue to what's happened? Is that it? BOWER
45) 32) text: (chuckle of disgust) You know as much as I do. BOWER
45) 34) text: You'll fit right in. i SHEPARD feels along the pipes until he finds one leakin He vigorously begins to rub the oil onto his body. BOWER
45) 36) text: Get the scent off. BOWER
45) 38) text: I can't help you. I'm sorry. BOWER
45) 42) text: When they come... run. Don't look back, no matter what. BOWER
45) 44) text: I can't wait for you. BOWER is bewildered as SHEPARD poised like a sprinter, preparing to run.
45) 48) text: BOWER shoves him against the wall with force. Their strug i freezes as distant THUDS are heard down the corridor. T both look to see... the GLOW of BLUE TORCFE'S growing. SHEPARD begins to tremble, backing away. BOWER sets his j stepping out into the corridor and slowly cranks the powe lever... with a WHINE of magnetos, raising the weapon. SHEPARD (CONT'D) (TERRIFIED WHISPER)
45) 49) text: That's not going to help you. SHEPARD runs as BOWER hesitates, holding the gun towards GLOW that grows brighter, HISSES and CACKLES approaching. PUSH IN
45) 50) text: Fear over comes BOWER. BOWER
45) 54) text: BOWER turns and runs, trying to follow SHEPARD as SHADOWE HUNTERS move past the end of the corridor. CUT TO:
46) 0) text: BOWER has a difficult time trying to keep up as SHEPARD weaves through a compartment filled with filtration units a maze of piping. BOWER spots a clear path but BUMPS into glass. He realize the compartment is separated by thick glass dividers. He changes directions and sees SHEPARD crawling through a ve He tries to follow as... a BLUE TORCH moves past the door bare feet running across steel. A collection of HISS and CACKLES grow louder. BOWER crawls under piping to hide. He notices the activat lights on his weapon fading... and he quietly tries to gi the energy lever a few turns... but the WHINE seems too l He spots SHEPARD twenty feet away, hidden behind a consol I They exchange a look and SHEPARD angrily waves him away SHEPARD (MOUTHING)
46) 1) text: Don't follow me! I can't help you- SHANK! A wire noose SNAPS tight around SHEPARD'S neck. Mu like a pole and wire rig used to wrangle alligators, the is released from the rig and SHEPARD bursts into a wild frenzy, trying to run while on a thirty foot long leash. wire loops and tangles around the piping as... HUNTERS move in from every direction, blades whirling. SHEPARD'S SCREAM intensifies as the HUNTERS huddle over h BOWER viciously cranks the energy lever on the weapon and climbs out of his hiding place as... SCREAMS intensify within the brutal attack as the HUNTERS begin to feed. SEEPARD'S neck is twisted far enough to SNAP! BOWER FUCKING BASTARDS-
46) 2) text: I BOWER raises the gun towards the back of the lead hunte only fifteen feet away. He pulls the trigger and rusted metal SCREECHES! Jammed. (CONTINUED)    
46) 4) text: He panics, grabbing the gun with both hands, checking for safety switch and... KA-WHAP! The weapon discharges a tremendous BLAST of energy off to the side. -The weapon is designed to destroy biological and organic material, but for safety precautions, it's unable to penetrate man-made materials like lead, glass or steel. I unable to puncture the ship's hull. The energy blast is an electrical discharge that CRACKS l lightening and echoes like thunder. The blast HITS the si of the wall with a deafening RIPPLE of aftershocks, shattering anything fragile and knocking over anything no fastened down within a thirty foot radius. This little th packs a punch. The HUNTERS turn towards BOWER, the lead hunter turning t reveal itself as... } HEFLIN, a muscular-frame larger then the rest, skin glistening with a layer of hydraulic fluid along with tri I scars and distorted war paint. His eyes hidden under sh He slowly lifts his shoulders while lowering his head, mu like the fluid motions of a reptilian predator. BOWER frantically cranks the energy lever and raises it toward HEFLIN, completely unaffected by the threat. He squeezes the trigger and... KA-WHAP! The gunshot is THUNDEROUS, HITTING the unseen gl divider between them. The safety glass absorbs the blast, sending a SHUDDER through the hull. HEFLIN barely flinches, stepping closer with a HISS. Off command, the HUNTERS take chase, swarming in every direct searching for a route around the glass divider. BOWER runs for his life. CUT TO:
47) 1) text: Bower!? BOWER!? Answer me God Dammit! All that is heard is GARGLED STATIC and PANICKED BREATHIN I CUT TO:    
48) 0) text: BOWER is running like a madman, ricochetting off doorways tripping over pipes in the darkness. BOWER
48) 3) text: They're everywhere! They're- I He runs through a doorway and a thin metal strip HITS h the legs... SHANK! Wires SNAP and HYDRAULICS MOAN. Hittin the booby-trap at full speed causes the wire to rip out o the door frame and... BOWER tumbles as the wire loops around his leg and he FAL off the edge of a loading shaft, into an open elevator sh that drops into darkness. The wire tightens and he's swung by the foot back into an open corridor, two floors below, like a demented base-jum He SLAMS into the ceiling and spins wildly over the open shaft as his transmitter falls all the way to the bottom exploding on IMPACT. CUT TO:
50) 0) text: BOWER grabs the wall to stop from spinning and franticall pulls on the wire around his leg as it rips through his s (CONTINUED)    
50) 2) text: Aaaargh! Footsteps are heard approaching overhead. On the floor be him are his weapon and flashlight. He stretches for the gun... too far from his reach. The flashlight is "on", illuminating the area. He pushes the wall and reaches for it... fingers touching, but unab to grab it. The GLOW of torches grows in the loading shaft and BOWER pushes off, reaching for the flashlight. Unable to retrie it, instead he pushes it... into the open loading shaft. drops all the way to the bottom as... ANGLE ON
50) 4) text: BOWER swings back, grabs the wall and freezes. ANGLE ON
50) 6) text: BOWER'S face fills with blood as he hangs upside down, tr to catch his breath. His grip is weakening as he looks up see... a shadowed FIGURE crouched with a spear in hand, leering at him from the shadows, approaching. With no tim to defend himself and no where to go...
50) 10) text: SNAP! The wire is slashed, BOWER breaks free hitting the floor as the cable is jerked up and out of sight. ANGLE ON
50) 11) text: The silhouettes of the HUNTERS on the ledge, several leve above, inspect the loose cable and after a HISS, they tur back, fading into the shadows. BOWER lays on his back, squirming in the tangled wire as FIGURE hovers over him, spinning a bladed weapon in his h
50) 15) text: Japanese- No Subtitles BOWER
50) 16) text: I don't understand. I- I don't speak- TANAKA jabs a finger into the emblems on BOWER'S uniform. TANAKA
50) 17) text: Japanese - No Subtitles BOWER
50) 19) text: Japanese- No Subtitles They share a nod and an awkward silence, BOWER still eyei the razor sharp weapon in his hand and not wanting to mov (CONTINUED)    
50) 21) text: Thanks. Thanks for... that. TANAKA is dead pan. BOWER flinches as TANAKA picks up the energy gun and then... flips it over, handing it back to BOWER cautiously accepts as he climbs to his feet. TANAKA
50) 22) text: Japanese- No Subtitles BOWER
50) 24) text: Japanese- No Subtitles BOWER
50) 27) text: (matter of factly) Japanese - No Subtitles. BOWER
50) 28) text: You're with... agriculture!? Jesus... Listen, I'm not- TANAKA jabs the emblem on BOWER'S chest, taps his tattoo. TANAKA (BLUNTLY)
50) 29) text: Japanese- No Subtitles BOWER
50) 31) text: Another jab. BOWER (CONT'D) (BITTERLY)
50) 33) text: Realizing louder doesn't mean clearer, BOWER sighs at his idiocy. TANAKA nods, but with obviously no clue what was 1 just said. They stare at one another in silence. TANAKA hands him a flashlight. BOWER does his best charad gesturing to himself and pointing to the ship. (CONTINUED)    
50) 36) text: Shee-ip? BOWER
50) 38) text: Ree-actoh? BOWER
50) 39) text: Right. It doesn't really matter- You should stay put. Or go back to your compartment sector- Wait for the security systems to engage. Okay? We're gonna take care of this problem. Dead pan. BOWER (CONT'D)
50) 40) text: Okay? BOWER slowly backs away and TANAKA follows. BOWER stops, I eyeing his numerous bladed weapons. I BOWER (CONT'D)
50) 41) text: No. Listen, you should stay. Wait here... for the systems to- Alright? Stay! TANAKA frowns as BOWER backs away, gesturing. BOWER reach the next intersection and looks back. TANAKA is gone. He continues down the corridor as LIGHTS FLICKER past. FLICKER THRU:
52) 0) text: A pin-point of light appears at the end of a circular tun Slowly the light grows as BOWER approaches and cautiously steps through a doorway and into... A rec room with several rows of pool tables, video games a ran-sacked bar. The floor is heavily littered with brok glass and BOWER wipes his finger across a wet surface on bar, tasting it with an eye brow raised. I BOWER (TO HIMSELF)
52) 4) text: POW! A FIGURE lunges out, a direct HIT under his jaw send him backwards over a table. The FIGURE jumps on top of hi jabbing a blade toward his neck. He grabs the wrist just the tip begins to dig into his throat. BOWER (CONT'D)
52) 8) text: Knock it off! Both of ya! TANAKA and NADIA slowly recover, both quickly try to find their weapons on the floor. BOWER (CONT'D)
52) 9) text: Listen... nobody needs to get hurt here. Both of you just... cool out. And stop throwing that shit. Her eyes dart with uneasiness as she finds her knife. BOWER (CONT'D)
52) 12) text: We can work together here. We all want the same thing... right? NADIA remains poised, ready to fight, knife raised. Sighi with defeat, BOWER gestures, hands raised as he motions f TANAKA and they slowly back towards the door. BOWER (CONT'D)
52) 13) text: (motioning to Tanaka) Thanks... again. TANAKA motions toward the emblem on his uniform and gestu to himself. BOWER (CONT'D)
52) 14) text: Yeah, yeah. I get it. We can work together on this, right? TANAKA grins. BOWER (CONT'D)
53) 0) text: BOWER and TANAKA head down the corridor, both of them checking their backs as they come to a sealed doorway. TANAKA is still wincing, rubbing his chest with pain. TANAKA (BITTERLY)
53) 1) text: Japanese- No Subtitles BOWER
53) 2) text: Yeah... well no sympathy here. She left me with a few sore spots too, pal. They both go to work, attempting to wedge the door open w pipes. BOWER looks back to see... NADIA. They back pedal with weapons in hand and NADIA is unaffected, watching th with a frown. BOWER (CONT'D)
53) 7) text: You're... part of the flight crew? BOWER
53) 9) text: I didn't think there was any flight crew left. What's happened to us? BOWER
53) 11) text: Gee, you think? Where are you going? BOWER
53) 13) text: You just wake up? BOWER
53) 15) text: You'll never make it. BOWER
53) 17) text: You're going the wrong direction. She grimaces and turns, heading back up the corridor. BOW and TANAKA exchange a look. BOWER chases after her. BOWER
53) 19) text: SSSSH! Keep it down- BOWER
53) 22) text: Nobody. BOWER
53) 24) text: Team? Why would I want to join? BOWER
53) 26) text: To the reactor? No thanks. Don't like going that fax down. No one ever comes back. She continues up the corridor and BOWER grabs her arm. Sh yanks away from his touch, squaring off, weapon in hand. BOWER
53) 28) text: Do you know where this ship is headed? BOWER
53) 30) text: Can you fly it? BOWER
53) 32) text: Can you fly it... if you have to? BOWER (NOT SURE)
53) 35) text: BOWER nods with a frown and she heads up the corridor. BO and TANAXA watch on. (CONTINUED)    
53) 37) text: Japanese- No Subtitles. BOWER
54) 0) text: LIGHTS FLICKER past as... NADIA leads them down a long corridor that widens into an atrium of shafts going into the darkness in every directi The further their lights pan across the shafts... a stran assortment of odd colored algae and moss is revealed grow up the walls of the shafts. TANAKA keeps a watchful eye as BOWER frowns at the surroundings. BOLTER
54) 3) text: Don't know. There's no way to tell time in here. Two... maybe three months. BOWER
54) 5) text: Quiet! You wanna get us killed!? BOWER (WHISPER)
55) 0) text: NADIA stops at the foot of a large steel door, gesturing them to crouch in the shadows, watching the corridor. BOWER
55) 2) text: i Shush! We're waiting. BOWER
55) 4) text: Quiet! At the far end of the corridor, a faint BLUISH GLOW grows stronger. Shadows are moving, growing closer. BOWER SHIT-
55) 5) text: NADIA gestures for them to stay put. TANAKA wants to leav but BOWER grabs his shoulder. They both grip weapons, glancing to NADIA as the HUNTERS seem to be headed their BOWER (CONT-D) WE CAN'T- NADIA
55) 6) text: Ssssht! The HISS and CACKLES of the HUNTERS grow closer and it se they're shortly going to be cornered and done for until.. A SHUDDER is felt, a FLICKER of LIGHTS approaching. She g to a control panel, holds down a switch and presses her p F across a scanner. As the power SURGE passes, the control panel activates, scanning her hand and the steel door activates with a MOA hydraulics. BOWER notices her ID tattoo; BIO-T&gt;&gt;218 (CONTINUED)    
55) 8) text: The SHUDDER passes, killing the power and the door stops. open only a half foot. She squeezes through and BOWER and TANAKA quickly follow. They help her push it shut, sealin the lock with a CLANK. CUT TO:
56) 0) text: NADIA secures the lock on the door and jams a pipe in the handles, her own added insurance. BOWER
56) 2) text: (shaking her head) Never quite felt like sticking around to find out. Running... is always the best option. Believe me. BOWER
56) 3) text: They're not- They can't be from this ship. They don't seem... human. Do you think something got on board or maybe I something... He turns to follow her and pauses to see... The BIO-VAULT. A large lab storage compartment that has b "lived-in" for a long time. A bed has been created from assorted chair cushions and there is a collection of scavenged items. NADIA adds to the items, dumping the belongings of her bag onto the floor. BOWER is in awe as he approaches an entire wall of glass tubes, a maze of micro-biological containers, glimmering condensation. BOWER (CONT-D)
56) 7) text: NADIA checks a few gauges on the wall of tubes and makes adjustments on the monitoring system. He senses her meticulous care for the material. BOWER
56) 9) text: It' seems to be the only living thing left on this ship worth protecting. Regardless of the situation, we still have a mission. We've only lost about thirty percent of the specimens, mostly reptilian class. Never was big into snakes anyway. BOWER doesn't share the attempt at humor, wandering towar darkened digital screen on the wall, displaying a charted graph of the new planet, TANIS. BOWER
56) 11) text: (off his look) You couldn't remember? BOWER
56) 12) text: No, I- I didn't remember just how far away it is... until now. This was a hundred and twenty-three year flight. NADIA begins to gather a few items shoving them into a ba TANAKKA leans closer to the glass display with fascinatio tapping the tubes to see movement inside. BOWER (CONT'D)
56) 14) text: It comes only in pieces. Even after a few months. I know everything about this vault and its systems... but I still can't remember where I grew up. Or my brother's name. Only pieces... And the training comes back first. For good reason, I guess. BOWER eyes the darkened computer terminals, portions of t consoles coated in algae. (CONTINUED)    
56) 16) text: How could we have become like this... in only eight years? NADIA ponders the thought, rotating her jaw. She digs int her supplies and tosses him a small block of orange mater BOWER (CONT'D)
56) 18) text: Dehydrated meatloaf. House special. I save 'em for the weekends. BOWER sniffs it with a sneer and tries to break off a piece... hard as a rock. NADIA (CONT'D)
56) 19) text: Do you know how long it would take to turn dehydrated meatloaf into that? BOWER
56) 21) text: I don't know, but it takes more then a couple years to turn coal into fucking diamonds. BOWER
56) 23) text: This ship was built to outlast our children's children... and any engineer could tell ya the warranty is running out. I think we've been asleep longer then you may think. BOWER tosses the orange brick. to TANAKA and he sniffs it a grin, breaking off a piece. NADIA finishes gathering to and she slings the bag over her shoulder, "ready to go". BOWER
58) 0) text: A hatch is broken open and BOWER'S flashlight beam peers a ventilation shaft. Twenty feet inside the shaft the wal are collapsed, blocking passage. NADIA sighs with dread. NADIA
58) 1) text: We can't get through this way. BOWER
58) 3) text: It's the safest way to travel. And there's only one other way to get through that I know of. BOWER
58) 9) text: She leads the way along the wall and into a compartment o unimaginable size, fifty foot high steel walls that chann through the room. The walls are lined with hundreds of sl chambers, stacked ten high on either side. They round a corner into the main atrium to see dishevell equipment and smashed control consoles, scarred from batt Old blood stains are worn deeply into the floor. BOWER
58) 10) text: Jesus... As they venture deeper inside they see numerous sleep- chambers, open hatches and empty. The further they move along the wall, more and more empty pods, too many to cou BOWER (CONT'D)
58) 13) text: As the dozens and dozens of nameplates move past his flashlight, BOWER pauses. BOWER
58) 15) text: Keep moving. BOWER
58) 16) text: No, wait. My wife could be in here. BOWER'S focus completely shifts, turning towards the pods reading name plates. NADIA
58) 17) text: What does she do? What's her specialty? BOWER
58) 19) text: Then she's not in here. This is development settlers. Engineers. NADIA quickly continues as BOWER tries to keep up. BOWER
58) 22) text: Quiet! They look to see TANAKA has fallen behind, crouched and peering off towards the dark. He's poised like a dog on t prowl that's caught a bad scent. They crouch and crawl to the adjacent corner. BOWER
58) 24) text: We have to keep moving. We don't want to stay out in the open for too long. Especially in here. BOWER (TO TANAKA)
58) 26) text: We can't stay herel NADIA heads across the main floor and BOWER tries to wave on, but TANAKA is locked onto something, refusing to wave BOWER
58) 27) text: Let's get out of here! Com'on- The THUMPS grow louder and TANAKA heads into the shadows. BOWER hesitates, turning to follow NADIA through a barric of dishevelled equipment, leaving TANAKA behind. CUT TO:
59) 0) text: BOWER emerges from the barricades into a processing cente for loading passengers, darkened and in shambles. NADIA i scanning the corridors ahead, choosing her path as BOWER rushes to catch her. BOWER
59) 5) text: I told you I'm not going to wait. I'm not gonna get myself killed for- BOWER
59) 7) text: What do you think he's doing in there!? BOWER
59) 9) text: He's hunting! Bagging the next notch on his belt. You wait for him! Good luck. I NADIA quickly heads deeper into the room and down a dar and narrowing tunnel. BOWER hesitates with frustration. Having to choose, he turns and chases after NADIA. I They crawl through a maze of machinery and NADIA'S pace difficult for BOWER to keep up. BOWER
59) 10) text: Wait! I'm coming- There's a CRUNCH under his foot. He lowers his light, picking up a small white object. He brings it closer to t light to realize it's... A HUMAN FINGER BONE. BOWER (CONT'D)
59) 12) text: Behind BOWER is a massive stack of human skeletons and carcasses. They've just crawled into a pit of human remai They both back away with horror only to see a mountain of carcasses on both sides. The only route is upward and the begin to crawl up the slope on their bellies, over dead remains. (CONTINUED)    
59) 15) text: Don't move. They try to remain motionless, but the slope of the remai i CRINKLES underneath them and the hill of remains begins slide. The HISS grows stronger. They hold their position until... a SHUDDER approaches wi FLICKERING LIGHTS. The power surge is enough to ignite a small landslide underneath them. BOWER SHIT-
59) 16) text: NADIA grabs his arm as bones snap and they slide helpless to the bottom within a landslide of bones and flesh. The finally slide to a stop at the bottom of the slope an BOWER quickly raises his weapon towards the rafters to se the HUNTER is gone. NADIA (WHISPER)
59) 17) text: Where... did it go-? He pans the light and... ROAR! The HUNTER lunges at them from five feet away. BOWER is STRUCK with enough force to send him flying, CRASHING into a pile of bones. NADIA spins around with a bladed pipe in her hands... but HUNTER is already gone. She spins back and... THWAP! She' HIT from behind and sent with break-neck force into the floor. The HUNTER pounces onto her back and a claw-like h grabs her hair... teeth opening towards her neck and... POW! BOWER charges into the HUNTER, tackling it and they spin into a brutal and distorted fight, seen under the FLICKERING LIGHT. Even though the HUNTER is a smaller one the pack, smaller then BOWER, its speed and strength is i human. It grabs BOWER by the head with a GROWL and... (CONTINUED)    
59) 19) text: THWACK! TANAKA lunges out of the shadows, delivering a bl with his bladed pipe into the HUNTER'S face. It's a hit t would normally kill anything, nearly taking its head off. The HUNTER stumbles, staggers and... HIIIISSSSSST! It HIT TANAKA, sending him airborne, nearly knocking him out. Under the FLICKERING LIGHT, BOWER, NADIA and TANAKA all attack the lone HUNTER, taking all three of them to bring to the floor. They viciously pound it with pipes and blad until it finally stops flinching beneath them. Its pale white skin seeps a thick black colored blood. Th three of them back away, gasping and coated in its blood. BOWER (GASPING)
59) 20) text: Jesus... Christ- Jesus- Its face is smashed beyond recognition, but its facial features are horrifically distorted, no sign of eyes unde the shredded tissue. BOWER (CONT'D)
59) 22) text: BOWER quickly finds his weapon on the floor and HEFLIN sl begins to TAP his spear against the wall, echoing a conti clank through the hull. BOWER
59) 23) text: What is he... doing? BOWER, NADIA and TANAKA quickly realize the effect as sha begin to move.., the room is filling with HUNTERS, alerte the tapping of metal. NADIA
59) 24) text: Run. BOWER
59) 28) text: A low gargled HISS is heard from HEFLIN'S throat. NADIA is already gone. BOWER and TANAKA chase after her a the walls come to life, HUNTERS swarming onto their path a pack of wild dogs. Before diving through the barricade, BOWER looks back to HEFLIN and his pack have paused... to eat the fallen HUNT CUT TO:
60) 0) text: It's a panicked and mad dash through the dark as they cra through the barricade and run back into the main corridor sleep chambers. HUNTERS can be heard closing on their tra They round a corner and NADIA jumps inside an empty sleep chamber, frantically trying to pull the hatch closed. TAN follows suite, jumping inside another chamber and BOWER scrambles, in search of an open door as footsteps are hea quickly approaching. In a frenzied panic, BOWER dives into the chamber with NA tugging the hatch closed. FOLLOW THRU:
61) 0) text: BOWER and NADIA are cheek to cheek in the cramped space, gasping for breath and dripping sweat with terror. Through the porthole... silhouetted HUNTERS move past wit weapons in hand, search and destroy style. One HUNTER ste up only a few feet from their porthole and they freeze, holding their breath. Slowly the HUNTERS continue past, t shadows slowly fading from sight. BOWER
61) 2) text: Shut-up! They listen for a long moment... hearing nothing as BOWER looks at his hand, finger tips trembling. CUT TO:    
62) 0) text: The hatch door inches open and BOWER peeks out. He and NA crawl out quietly to see TANAKA waiting for them. TANAKA
62) 1) text: Japanese - No subtitles. BOWER
62) 3) text: You want to go back? BOWER
62) 5) text: We should go back. Find a different path. I don't think we can get through to the reactor bay from- BOWER
62) 7) text: I'm ready to explore other options- BOWER
62) 12) text: The BIG PASSENGER tries to get to his feet, gasping and heaving, mumbling in Russian. BOWER tries to stand but NA pulls him back. NADIA
62) 13) text: What are you doing-!? BOWER
62) 15) text: Footsteps thunder across the floor and... WHACK! The BIG PASSENGER is STRUCK by a single blow from HEFLIN. The HUNTERS have returned in full force and they come out of shadows from every direction, bladed weapons spinning. BOWER pulls away from NADIA'S grip and prepares to interv but TANAKA suddenly grabs him, holding him back with forc With the BIG PASSENGER wounded and moaning on the floor, HUNTERS gather in a circle in ceremonial fashion, praying thanks for the feast the ship has presented. They watch helplessly as the BIG PASSENGER is then brutal attacked and eaten alive. WEASEL leads other HUNTERS unde the flickering light in a demented and twisted celebrator dance, a frenzy of pure evil. This attack is heard more then it is seen, under flickeri lights, obscured view and most of the camera angles on Bo and the groups reactions. Frozen in horror, BOWER is tugged by TANAKA, following NA to the corner where she's lifted a grate in the floor. Th climb into a shaft under the floor and into the dark as.. The SCREAMS and HISSES echo through the hull.
64) 0) text: A FLICKER of LIGHT passes to reveal... BOWER crouched ins a three-foot high, narrow passageway, a crawl space benea steel grated floor. He follows the tunnel into a large si lined with octagonal filters. TANAKA and NADIA are both looking for a way out, jabbing pipes into the grate overhead, unable to budge it. BOWER
64) 2) text: We gotta find a way out. BOWER
64) 4) text: I was trying to get us out of there alive- BOWER
64) 6) text: I was trying to save our asses- BOWER
64) 11) text: They pause to hear... CLASSICAL MUSIC echoing from below. BOWER
64) 12) text: What the hell is that? They climb down the shaft, jumping from filter to filter. one level they follow the sound into a shaft opening and towards the soft, warm GLOW of YELLOW LIGHT. They reach an open hatch, peering inside to see... Inside an empty storage tank, a comfortable living space been created; numerous chairs surround a make-shift dinne table made from storage crates with hand-made candles and various food containers. The tank appears empty. BOWER (CONT'D)
64) 13) text: What is this!? BOWER and TANAKA begin to climb through and NADIA hesitat with uncertainty. They crawl through the hatch... FOLLOW THRU:
65) 0) text: They climb into the empty tank, lined with valves and filtration screens. The music is playing from crackling speakers hidden in the darkened circular catwalk overhead TANAKA goes straight for the food and as soon as NADIA st through the hatch... a wire SNAPS! Levers clank and a mou trap has triggered... SLAMMING the hatch closed. Trapped! They instantly turn back to the door, yanking and tugging a panic. BOWER pans his light towards the catwalk only to see a FIGURE (LELAND) scampering through the shadows. Another lever is turned and... F00000SH! A stream of vapo shoots out of several vents along the wall. The colorless gas hits them and they instantly gag, choking for air. With the slanted walls of the tank, there seems to be no escape, but TANAKA runs up the wall, diving and grabbing a pipe, climbing upward toward the catwalk. The shadowed FIGURE (LELAND) quickly hobbles to the raili LELAND
65) 3) text: LELAND uses a spear to jab TANAKA'S hand. He loses his gr and tumbles back to the bottom of the tank. BOWER pulls NADIR out of the way of the hatch. BOWER
65) 4) text: Get back! BACK! BOWER whirls the magneto lever on the weapon and he raise the barrel towards the hatch, nearly point blank. KA-CRAAAACK! The energy blast from the weapon hits the ha like a lightening bolt sending a tremendous JOLT through entire tank. A spark IGNITES the chemical gas and there's BURST of flammable gas that rolls upward into the catwalk LELAND is knocked off his feet and he GASPS with shock. LELAND
65) 6) text: What did you do!? BOWER whirls the lever on the weapon and points it at him BOWER
65) 8) text: Where did you get that? BOWER angles the barrel towards a vent blowing out the chemical gas and LELAND jumps with fright. LELAND (CONT'D)
66) 1) text: Com'in, com'in! Make yerselves at home. Just throw the coats on the bed and don't pet the rat, it's not mine. Just watching it for a friend. LELAND is excited to have guests as he runs along the catwalks, lighting candles and sealing valves. They watch him with leery suspicion, weapons still in hand. BOWER
66) 3) text: Sublet. Got a roomier flat in the bow for the off season, but from here, ya just can't beat the commute. He grins, expecting a laugh, but doesn't get one. LELAND eyes BOWER over, admiring the uniform. LELAND (CONT'D)
66) 4) text: You really a flyer, or did ya grab that off the rack? i didn't think there was any crew left. BOWER
66) 6) text: Well, only the captain. informally, mind you. BOWER
66) 11) text: Tough crowd. Com'in, com'in. Grab a bunk. Three singles or will a queen do? LELAND laughs to himself, digging through supplies. BOWER scans the walls, seeing no way up to the catwalks. BOWER
66) 17) text: Why, where you gotta be? BOWER
67) 2) text: Herb and garlic dog shit. Below the catwalks, TANAKA has found a spot to rest, NADI using water to clean a wound and BOWER is peering through slit in a vent. BOWER
67) 6) text: I quit counting after the band broke up, ooooh twenty... thirty years ago. BOWER and NADIR exchange a look of uncertainty. The classical music begins to SKIP and without even looking LELAND kicks a piece of equipment, correcting the music. LELAND (CONT-D)
67) 10) text: But I just treat each day like it's Christmas. Festive and violent. Let's eat; Shall we? Who needs a bib? LELAND sets several bowls of soup into the bin and lowers to them with the cable. T_ANAKA is the only one intereste sniffing the soup with a glare. LELAND winks. BOWER takes a seat, showing exhaustion and defeat. BOWER
67) 12) text: No. That's... not possible. BOWER
67) 14) text: Or something that was already on board, with us in the hyper-bunks. BOWER
67) 16) text: it could have been the accelerator. BOWER
67) 18) text: It's the only theory I can come up with. The synthetic enzyme in our feeding tubes. The accelerator that would help our bodies adjust and adapt to the environmental conditions on Tanis. From what I've seen... these things have adapted... to the ship instead. BOWER
68) 1) text: GALLO is looking at the empty sleep chambers while PAYTON remains at the control console, determined not to give up contacting BOWER. GALLO
69) 1) text: B0000OM! Oh, how the world cheered to the thunder of it's mightiest creation. Eylisium! The heaven for heroes, to venture further and farther then any of man's machine dared before it. BOWER and NADIA watch intently as TANAKA lazily sips the soup. The first image is off the ship's launch and LELAND hobbles across to the crudely sketched image of three figures, flight officers. LELAND (CONT'D)
71) 2) text: Hoove arr awl dadz efft ah uz. Bood uck, boogz guezz... ab hoobz deeb. BOWER and NADIA are now completely engrossed in the story both getting to their feet and walking closer to hear. TANAKA is asleep. LELAND is thrilled by their attention, doing a dance as he plays the recording... over and over.
75) 6) text: slumber, waiting for the day. But the survivors lived on, as the King slept, a whole new world of evil grew as we wept. The seed driven beyond- BOWER
75) 8) text: you want me to back up? BOWER
75) 11) text: Could that be real? You think that could- BOWER
75) 14) text: BOWER is quickly growing drowsy, slurring his words as he takes a seat with exhaustion and disbelief. NADIR rests h chin on her knee... eyes growing heavy as LELAND continue telling the tale, softly like a child's bedtime story. LELAND takes a peace of chalk-like material, drawing a ne sketch. LELAND
75) 15) text: And now the newest chapter comes to us... three weary travelers, guided by the light. The new brave flyer, woken by the dying machine. He sketches Bower and his journey towards the reactor. LELAND (CONT'D)
76) 5) text: EVALON is smiling towards BOWER as he kneels in front of gripping her hands. As he speaks, her smile fades, slowly pulling her hands away and... INT. WATER PROCESSOR -- CONT. The powerful SHUDDER is felt, amplified in the tank. NADI shakes awake to see... LELAND is kneeling over her, eyes with hunger, deliciously sniffing her body. They both jum with fright and yell in unison. NADIA &amp; LELAND
76) 14) text: What is that? BOWER
76) 16) text: What does that mean? BOWER
76) 17) text: it means we have less time then I thought. The last phase... before shutdown. It means we're... done. BOWER is oddly defeated, taking a seat, hanging his head. NADIA
76) 18) text: Done!? What do you mean done? What do we do? Hey!? BOWER
76) 20) text: What are you talking about? You said you could reset the reactor- That we could- That there's a chance to- BOWER
76) 22) text: We weren't meant to go back! We were meant to go on. And now it's more important then ever! We're the last of- BOWER
76) 23) text: And what is left of us? What's left, worth saving? This flight's over. NADIA is angered by his defeat, shoving LELAND aside and squaring off in front of BOWER. NADIA
76) 24) text: What about your duty? What about... your wife!? There's still a chance she's- BOWER
76) 27) text: You don't know that for sure! BOWER
76) 31) text: Who the hell are you gonna call-? BOWER
77) 2) text: BOWER! I'm here! Where are you? CUT TO:    
78) 0) text: Our group is now crowded on the catwalk above the tank, huddled around an assortment of patched together electron equipment. BOWER is speaking into a receiver, bound toget with wire while LELAND cranks the power lever. BOWER
79) 4) text: I hear you. How do we get you in there? I BOWER
80) 0) text: A flashlight beams cut into a shaft. It appears as if the gang is crawling backwards toward us, until our perspecti realizes they're crawling down a long ladder. They reach the bottom level where a distant RUMBLE has gr louder. They follow the sound through a field of debris t clear path leading to an open hatchway. BOWER checks the marker over the door and leads them down corridor, preparing to step through and TANAKA grabs him, pulling him back. BOWER
80) 3) text: What did he say? BOWER
81) 0) text: As they head across a loading dock, the room gradually gr more disturbed and dishevelled. Battle scars and centurie of wear and tear grow more and more evident as they cross The BLUE GLOW of light can be seen through the passageway a low RUMBLE grows louder as they approach. They crouch behind a large industrial condensers to catch their breat I BOWER glances up to the surface of the condenser with a and he touches it with his fingers to find an odd-colored algae. He looks up to see it's grown all the way to... Be freezes to see a small shadowed FIGURE in the rafters above them, a smaller gargoyle-type silhouette, possibly type of guard outside the entrance to the reactor bay. (CONTINUED)    
81) 2) text: They exchange silent gestures and TANAKA heads one direct as BOWER heads the other... to corner it. The FIGURE begi to move across the rafter as TANAKA flushes it out. The FIGURE is forced to climb down, hopping to the floor, BOWER waits with his gun raised. Out of the shadows steps A ten-year-old CHILD HUNTER. BOWER flinches with shock. The CHILD is a younger version the hunters, awkward physique, pale skin coated with hydraulic fluid, oblong shaped head, eyes hidden in shado NADIR lowers her weapon. NADIA (DEVASTATED)
81) 4) text: stop it! STOP IT! Are you crazy? It's just a child! BOWER
82) 3) text: My God. They're... breeding. BOWER
83) 5) text: Oh... then I forgot. This won't work. BOWER
85) 1) text: The GLOW of the HUNTERS slowly begins to fade from sight BOWER notices what he's hiding behind is an empty sleep chamber, coated with dried blood and signs of violence. H looks to the labelled name plates with a frown and wander deeper into the room. NADIA follows him with a frown as LELAND and TANAKA remai poised with weapons near the doorway. BOWER'S walk slows as he moves past rows of sleep chamber nearly all of them have been opened and signs of violent deaths left dried and splattered across the floor. NADIA
85) 2) text: What are you doing? What is it? BOWER (DAZED)
85) 4) text: She notices BOWER is holding EVALON'S photo and glances t the row of empty chambers, slowly realizing his grief. NADIA (CONT'D)
85) 5) text: You think she's... here? BOWER
85) 8) text: How do you know for sure? She could be- BOWER
85) 10) text: Well, then... she saved your life. BOWER frowns on the thought, slowly nodding in agreement. His eyes look to the label of the chamber he was led to, label reads; M. PAYTON. He mumbles to himself, memory returning. BOWER
85) 12) text: you... knew her? BOWER
85) 14) text: Who's... Payton? BOWER
85) 16) text: Are you alright? BOWER
85) 18) text: BOWER grips his weapon with a flexing jaw of determinatio heading back to where TANAKA and LELAND are waiting as we (CONTINUED)    
87) 0) text: The HUNTING party has faded from sight in the opposite direction, leaving the hatch open to the reactor bay. BOWER
87) 1) text: This is our chance. BOWER leads the way out of the hiding place, heading quic towards the open hatch where an eerie glow and rumble is felt. They crawl through the hatch and enter into... FOLLOW THRU:
88) 0) text: They crawl out onto the top of a massive cylinder shaped shaft, numerous catwalks lining the walls with nothing bu abyss of darkness below them. An odor hits all of them in unison. BOWER
88) 1) text: This is it. We've got to get down there before they come back. BOWER looks for a path downward along the tangled metal o catwalks, coated in algae. LELAND'S fear has instantly surfaced, unable to move. LELAND I (HAUNTED)
88) 4) text: BOWER ignores his pleas, heading down a ladder into the darkness, TANAKA and NADIA follow, pushing past him. LELAND (CONT'D)
88) 6) text: Shut-up! Move! LELAND stays behind, watching as they begin a perilous descent down the walls of the reactor bay wall. Clinging onto the pipes and railings of the catwalks, the odd-colo algae grows more and more dense... a dim glow slowly comi into view from below. With a gap in the catwalk, BOWER leaps across, nearly los his grip. He looks down to see an odd pattern of white shapes near the bottom. Squinting into the darkness, he's unable to make out what he's looking at and he manages to crawl down further, reaching a gangplank that crosses to the towering reactor He motions for NADIA and TANAKA to stay put and begins crawling across... towards a darkened control panel. 1
88) 7) text: LELAND is nervously watching from above, leaning further the railing and... a pen-lamp slips free from his belt. The pen-lamp CLANKS off one of the catwalks and tumbles p BOWER... dropping to the bottom... hitting the floor and illuminating the strange white objects covering the floor as... DOZENS of HUNTERS, all sleeping. Their pale white bodies are intertwined and over-lapped resembling an orgy the living dead. BOWER CHRIST ALMIGHTY-
88) 8) text: The fall of the pen-lamp causes one HUNTER to instantly spring to its feet, lifting its nose towards the air like guard dog checking the scent. BOWER remains frozen, gripping the gangplank that hangs twenty feet above the field of sleeping HUNTERS. I Slowly the HUNTER returns to sleep, slithering its way into the folds of flesh and BOWER continues his crawl across... reaching the control panel. Upon seeing the sleeping HUNTERS, LELAND fearfully backs away, exiting the room. NADIA and TANAKA grip the ladders watching BOWER, holding their breath in fright. (CONTINUED)    
88) 10) text: BOWER grabs a vine, but it breaks away and he dangles ove the side, losing his grip. NADIA jumps across the gap and climbs down, extending her weapon for him to grab. Togeth they cling to the side of the reactor and BOWER taps the control panel switches and... nothing. His eyes widen with horror, quickly searching for a solut He slowly pumps a primer switch and... the light panel flickers gently under centuries of dust and vegetation...
90) 0) text: BOWER and NADIA cling to the side of the reactor, quietly flipping switches and entering codes as... the sea of HUN sleep below them. BOWER unfolds the auxiliary power lever, each movement creating a CREAK of rusted metal. He grips the handle and slowly begins to turn the magneto crank. The CREAKS of rusted metal and the low WHINE of magnetos grows louder. HUNTERS begin to stir in their sleep as NADIA watches the with fright. CUT TO:
92) 0) text: BOWER cranks the hand lever faster and faster, the MOAN o magnetos growing louder and louder. He gives one last spi and hits the primer switch. A split-second of nothing and then the panels brightly come to life. The digital panel reads: &gt;&gt; ROTATION SEQUENCE &gt;&gt; CODE INITIATE BOWER takes a sigh of relief and glances to see NADIA is frozen with fright. He follows their eye-line to see the entire floor of HUNTERS are awake, heads turned towards t HEFLIN steps closer in their direction with a HISS. BOWER gasps and the entire pack of HUNTERS moves toward t and... suddenly, TANAKA bangs his bladed weapon against t railing with a heavy CLANK! The HUNTERS instantly turn toward his direction and TANAKA throws his weapon, HITTIN one of the HUNTERS directly in the head. TANAKA jumps to the neighboring catwalk and breaks throug hatch, coated with vines and vegetation. HEFLIN screeches command and the HUNTERS ignite in a chain-reaction, grabb their weapons and taking chase like a swarm of attack dog They climb the wall with inhuman speed and rush out the hatch, following TANAKA. NADIA
92) 1) text: Hurry! Go! BOWER turns back to the panel, flipping more switches and continuing the process as the reactor begins to HUM as... CUT TO:
94) 0) text: BOWER types quickly, flipping numerous switches and... a SHUDDER is felt, the tower begins to TREMBLE with a low b MOAN, like an engine trying to turn over. BOWER
94) 2) text: Bower...? BOWER
94) 3) text: I'm going as fast as I can- NADIA (TERRIFIED) BOWER- BOWER WAIT-
95) 13) text: WEASEL has incredibly quick reflexes as he springs back t his feet just as BOWER charges into him, slamming into a of burning algae. The fire quickly spreads across WEASEL' skin, igniting the oil that's been rubbed across his body With WEASEL SCREECHING wildly and engulfed in flame, BOWE viciously continues pummeling him, throwing a rage of blo until the body stops twitching. The flames begin to catch BOWER'S arms and NADIA pulls him back. They look to see most of the HUNTERS fleeing the room, bu others have grabbed weapons. BOWER grabs her arm, pulling her towards the hatch. CUT TO:
96) 0) text: As BOWER and NADIA run, the ship comes to life all around them, every LIGHT FLASHING and every mechanism ENGAGING a full power. A startling contrast of blinding white walls glowing floors as they run down the corridor. CUT TO:
99) 1) text: BOWER and NADIA run across the top of the sleep chamber w thirty feet above the havoc that's ensuing below. A LIGHT BULBS BURST as...
100) 0) text: BOWER and NADIA climb to a cat-walk only to see HUNTERS a following their trail. They run to a ladder and spot LELA already climbing above them. BOWER
101) 17) text: BOWER and NADIA angrily burst through the hatch in the fl jamming it behind them and run up the corridor. They see doors sliding shut. BOWER
101) 18) text: That's it! GO! Go for it! With HUNTERS hot on their trail... they run full sprint towards the sliding doors. HUNTERS lunge out of side corridors with SCREECHING HISSES as BOWER and NADIA dive through the sliding doors... One HUNTER is crushed by the doors., split nearly in half a heavy THUD of steel and a MOAN of hydraulics. The HUNTE spasms wildly, kicking and clawing as BOWER and NADIA bac pedal into the room. HUNTERS gather at the gap, stabbing weapons between the doors, trying to crawl through with SCREECHES and HISSES of rage. (CONTINUED)    
101) 20) text: BOWER and NADIA back further away, turning to see the roo The original room that BOWER woke up in now looks quite different with all the systems engaged, BLINDING LIGHT co from the monitors and computer terminals. They move through the room, passing the empty sleep chamb and the control console, seeing the entire pathway of dri blood across the floor. NADIA
101) 21) text: Where's... your lieutenant? BOWER
101) 22) text: He's not my lieutenant. She frowns off his look and turns to see... LELAND on the floor in a pool of blood, throat slashed, dead. BOWER pulls the gun and heads into the open doorway leadi towards the bridge as NADIA follows behind. FOLLOW THRU:
102) 0) text: A tunneled stairwell widens out into the main flight brid A stunning sight, a split-level glass control deck, rows blinking control panels and flight chairs. It appears undisturbed, a thin layer of silt floats out from under t footsteps. BOWER leads the way, panning the weapon throughout the ro with no sign of GALLO. On the far wall; cockpit windows coated with a black fungus that obscures the view, but hi to the illusion of outer space, a haze of cosmic dust wit stars. NADIA (IN AWE)
102) 1) text: What's happened... to us? Where are we? BOWER goes to the nearest control console, tapping the keyboard. The computer instantly responds, data scrolling across the screen. BOWER
102) 2) text: Flight log. It'll tell us how long we've I been out... and how far we've gone. BOWER types in a command and the computer begins to scrol through the flight computer's time-code. Starting with th launch date and time the numbers begin to roll faster and faster. BLIP... BLIP... BLIP. (CONTINUED)    
102) 4) text: NADIA walks towards the windows and suddenly jumps back w fright to realize one of the flight control chairs has a FIGURE sitting in it. GALLO, motionless and gazing toward the windows. Off her gasp, BOWER grabs his gun and approaches as the computer time-code continues to roll even faster with no of slowing... months becoming years. BOWER approaches from behind GALLO... his identification tatto now clearly visible... FLT&gt;&gt;004&gt;&gt;012&gt lever on the gun with a WHINE of magnetos and the laser sights flare brightly onto GALLO'S back. BOWER (CONT'D)
102) 5) text: Seems my little memory lapse has finally worn off... "Lieutenant". BOWER slowly approaches, moving closer to his profile, th stream of blood from GALLO'S ear shown running down his n GALLO (DRYLY)
102) 6) text: Mine too. BOWER
102) 7) text: Who the hell are you? GALLO keeps his gaze towards the windows, emotionless. BOWER (CONT'D)
102) 9) text: I was younger then you when I first came on board. Funny, I can't even remember what it was like... before this flight began. It's all I know. BOWER
102) 12) text: How the hell would you know all that? BOWER
102) 14) text: Go ahead. Take a peek. You tell me. BOWER hesitates, looking toward the darkened windows. He stays with the weapon on GALLO as NADIA wanders toward th front control console, towards the glass. With the lights fading on the weapon, BOWER gives the lev quick whirl, motioning the barrel closer.
102) 17) text: You think God survived? He's gone... with the rest. There's no one left to judge you, Bower. NADIA approaches the glass, squinting towards the heavily smudged glass. She frowns, trying to wipe away the layer sludge. BOWER
102) 18) text: Judgement will come for you. You think you could cover it? Your victims survived. Evolved. That's your creation out there. Your crime. BOWER jabs the gun into his back with force. BOWER (CONT'D)
102) 21) text: No world left. No law. No order. Only us. You the law now? You gonna be the one that brings order to what's left? Wanna take a shot at it? I did my best with what I was given. Wanna be King for a day? Give it a whirl, Corporal. I'd like to see how you fare. With the laser sights fading on the weapon, BOWER quickly cranks the power lever, keeping the gun raised- A slow grin spreads across GALLO'S face as he finally loo to him, revealing the thick streams of blood that have dripped from his nose, coating his chin and neck.
102) 25) text: Imagine... us both. What's left to stop you? I offer you the kingdom and you- BOWER SHUT-UP- GALLO
102) 26) text: There's still quite a few sleeping beauties down there... a thousand flavors. You up for a little window shopping? BOWER
102) 29) text: BOWER suddenly shoves him out of the chair, slamming him the floor, jabbing the barrel into the back of his neck. (CONTINUED)    
102) 32) text: A real boy scout, is that it, kiddo? BOWER
102) 34) text: What is it? GALLO looks up with a blood-soaked grin. BOWER (CONT'D)
102) 36) text: You ready for the new world, corporal? BOWER keeps the gun on him as he goes to the windows. NAD has a ghostly expression, unable to speak. BOWER leans toward the glass, squinting into the darkness and... SWISH! An object moves past the outside of the glass. He leans closer, squinting to see... a school of ALIEN FISH past. The shin is underwater. BOWER staggers in shock, back pedalling as GALLO continue chuckle. BOWER (DISBELIEF)
102) 37) text: We've... we've already crashed. We've already... we're... The time-code display rolls centuries past, more then a thousand years accounted for as it finally slows to a sto BLIP... BLIP... BLIP. BOWER (CONT'D)
102) 40) text: BOWER staggers against the console in shock,. the weapon lowering to his side. GALLO
102) 41) text: I guess this thing does land itself. Just doesn't float too well. BOWER lunges towards him and GALLO is ready for this one, quickly countering his move and SLAMMING BOWER into the console. He unleashes a vicious BLOW into BOWER'S throat. BOWER collapses, choking for air and GALLO kicks the gun away. He kneels over BOWER, slowly pulling out a blade.
102) 47) text: GALLO grabs her hair to expose her neck and angles the bl upward, forcing her to take a GASP as... BOSSSH! Water explodes through the windows, hitting the r like a hundred fire hoses. GALLO is hit directly and thro across the room as NADIA and BOWER are engulfed by the bl of black water, sent tumbling. CUT TO:    
103) 0) text: The tremendous ROAR of rushing water rolls them down the stairwell and into the sleep chamber compartment in a rag torrent, a tidal wave slams into the wall. BOWER grabs onto NADIA and they claw themselves along the wall as computer terminals SPARK and LIGHTS go black. He pulls her to a sleep-chamber and he jumps inside the open hatch, pulling her with. NADIA
103) 1) text: NO!? Are you crazy- BOWER
104) 0) text: BOWER and NADIA are squeezed together inside the pod as w quickly rises above the porthole. NADIA (GASPING)
104) 1) text: Not like this! I can't- like this! BOWER
104) 2) text: Hold on! Under the roar of the rushing water, hydraulics ignite. Micro-jets FIRE and WHOOSH! The pod launches, shooting do a tunnel until they're HIT with a tremendous JOLT. They are sent spinning into a wild tumble as bubbles and erupt across the outer surface. BOWER and NADIA slam into one another as the chamber turns end over end. Its roll seems to slow for a brief moment and BOWER squin toward the porthole to see... (CONTINUED)    
104) 5) text: I What are you doing!? BOWER
104) 7) text: No! I can't- Not like this! I'm not going to wake up and drowned- BOWER
105) 0) text: BOWER kicks open the hatch, gasping for breath. A gentle breeze ripples across the water with a sunlight flickerin across the surface of an ocean. He pulls NADIA out of the chamber, ripping the mask off h face. Her eye-lids slowly begin to flicker back to consciousness. BOWER
105) 2) text: Where are we? What happened? BOWER (GRIN)
106) 3) text: standing at the console, having changed clothes and recov from the ordeal. He examines the empty tank where BOWER'S sleep chamber once sat. He eyes the other sleep-chambers, deeply contemplating. He goes back to the control console, scanning across the numerous surveillance monitors that reveal... PASSENGERS and HUNTERS engaged in a variety of activities across the ship. Some are seen fighting, some searching f food, some searching for a way out, some alone weeping. A kingdom, for the taking. He pulls out a coffee packet and slowly begins mixing him a cup, deeply contemplating as he looks across the screen He glances over to see... YOUNG GALLO, the younger versio himself, who is seated nearby, watching with a grin. The blood is gone from his face, appearing clean-cut, clean uniform. YOUNG GALLO