1) 0) text: A medium shot of The Planet Earth floating in space.  An  important-sounding NARRATOR begins.
1) 1) dialog: As the twenty-first century began,  human evolution was at a turning  point.  Natural selection, the process  by which the strongest, the smartest,  the fastest reproduced in greater  number than the rest, a process which  had once favored the noblest traits  of man... DISSOLVE on pictures of great historical figures, Galileo Leonardo.  DaVinci, Columbus, MLK Jr., etc.
1) 2) dialog: Now began to favor different traits... DISSOLVE on pictures of Geraldo, Joey Buttafuco, Kathy Le Gifford, the guy from "The Bachelor."
1) 3) dialog: While most science fiction of the  day predicted a future that was more  civilized and more intelligent... DISSOLVE on pictures of 1960s-sci-fi-style antiseptic fut Handsome scientists, pristine domed cities, etc.
1) 4) dialog: ...all signs indicated that the human  race was heading in the opposite  direction -- a dumbing down. We PAN from the images over to a bunch of modern-day dumb with fanny packs, standing in line at a TOMORROWLAND RIDE revealing that the images we just saw were from the ride.
1) 5) dialog: How did this happen?  Evolution does  not make moral judgments.  Evolution  does not necessarily reward that  which is good or beautiful.  It simply  rewards those who reproduce the most.
3) 25) dialog: But there would be a savior... A man  who would become a legend...  Whose
3) 28) dialog: mighty hand would pull humanity from  the brink of self-destruction... It  was in the year 2004, in an army  base in Virginia...
12) 1) dialog: The Human Hibernation Project was  one of the army's most ambitious  projects.  But it was not immune  from the usual government bureaucracy.
12) 4) dialog: With Collins gone, there were only  four people left who knew about this  top-secret experiment...
13) 1) dialog: All four died tragically in a botulism  outbreak at a Veteran's Day banquet... We see a dumb looking kitchen worker pouring canned chick 'n' dumplings into a big pot, and lighting a little can o Sterno underneath. A teenage busboy swoops out a tablecloth over a nearby ta blowing out the Sterno.
14) 1) dialog: ...Joe and Rita were forgotten...
15) 1) dialog: ...and the Base eventually closed. A worker walks into frame and plants a sign into the grou "Future Site of Sierra Vista Estates." Bulldozers pile ea onto the base, burying it.
17) 1) dialog: As Joe and Rita lay dormant, the  years passed, and mankind became  stupider at a frightening rate. A chart depicting intelligence over time.  An animated li begins at the present time.  As it moves into the future, drops precipitously. DISSOLVE TO a few years in the future.  There's now an ug development of McMansions where the army base once stood. High-speed time-lapse of a building being built over the  site, finally revealing a new FUDDRUCKER'S. Time lapse fast-motion of Fuddrucker's being torn down to build an even bigger Futtbucker's, which is torn down to  build an even bigger Buttrucker's.
17) 2) dialog: Some scientists had high hopes for  genetic engineering.  But the efforts  were slow, misguided and quickly  overtaken by the declining  intelligence and exploding population. We see a baseball stadium.  The marquee outside announces "Championship Baseball." DISSOLVE to a marquee reading  "Extreme Baseball."  Inside, a runner is caught in a rund between second and third.  Instead of gloves, the second third basemen brandish bats menacingly.  In the backgroun various players are engaged in batfights that seem to hav little connection to the game.
18) 1) dialog: Plagues and World Wars came and went,  and by simply being unconscious for  several hundred years, Joe had managed  to become something neither he, nor  anyone who had ever known him, thought  he had the potential to become...  the smartest person on Earth... As the sun rises, we see that this is not a natural mount range -- it is a huge, stinking mountain of garbage,  ridiculously steep and unstable, the result of centuries stacking garbage with no plan whatsoever.  We are definit in the future.
23) 1) dialog: Joe wandered the streets, desperate  for help, but the English language  had deteriorated into a hybrid of  hillbilly, valley-girl, innercity  slang, and various grunts.  Joe was  able to understand them, but when he  spoke in his ordinary voice, he  sounded pompous and "faggy" to them. Joe asks for directions.  The guys all laugh and make fun him.  Joe pleads.  One of the guys freaks out and starts  beating his chest and yelling incomprehensible obscenitie Joe runs away, then he notices something.
108) 1) dialog: And so after serving a short term as  Vice President, Joe was elected  President of America. Dizz became  Vice President and Rita, the former  prostitute, became First Lady. Under  President Not Sure's leadership, a  new era dawned... As the cheers subside, Joe continues his speech.
110) 1) dialog: Joe and Rita had three children, the  three smartest kids in the world. We PAN OVER to Dizz, surrounded by eight girls in bikinis waiting on him hand and foot.
110) 2) dialog: Vice President Dizz took eight wives,  and had a total of thirty-two kids,... Several filthy kids run around, pulling roses out of the  ground, throwing mud.
110) 3) dialog: ...thirty-two of the dumbest kids to  ever walk the earth...
111) 2) dialog: Okay, so maybe Joe didn't exactly  save mankind, but he got the ball  rolling. And that's pretty damn good  for an Army Electrician. We PAN OVER to Rita, doing a HIDEOUSLY BAD OIL PAINTING, Joe looks on proudly. FADE OUT.