4) 0) text: A majestic brick butiding atop a sprawling lawn. SUVs str through the gated entry decorated with a “Welcome Back!” Claire’s SUV pulls in, the luggage rack secured by a bung cord and duct tape. INT. CLAIRE’S SUV (MOVING) - DAY Claire maneuvers through the parking lot where EXCITED TE greet each other after a long summer apart. Kevin spots ALLIE CAMBRIDGE, 17, beauty pageant material, laughing with girlfriends. Claire notices his eyes follow her as they drive past. Claire starts to turn into a parking space when an acne-s tough-guy, JASON ZIMMER, 18, steps into her path, rough-h with some boys. Kevin shrinks at the sight of Jason. Claire waits for him pass, then parks. CLAIRE . . You have any problem with him --
46) 0) text: Claire pours herself a cup of coffee as teachers bustle i and out. She spots Noah and Kevin out on the field talkin to Allie. She watches them. A HAND gudden ly goes to her shoulder. Claire jumps, slos her coffee. e turns to see Vicky.
54) 31) dialog: Ummm ... I don’t know.
54) 33) dialog: Maybe ... that you can’t change your fate?
59) 0) text: Cheesy decorations. Loud, thumping music. Students dresse in semi-formal attire bump and grind. Claire and Vicky stand against a wall, acting as chaperon Vicky watches Kevin and Allie dance. Kevin is awkward and too enthusiastic. Allie tries hard not to look embarrasse
62) 0) text: Allie parks in front of the Peterson house. Kevin, in the passenger seat, looks to the light glowing in the window.
62) 1) dialog: She waiting up for you?
62) 4) dialog: (polite) Yeah, me too. He pulls a CD from his breast pocket and hands it to her. 57.
62) 6) dialog: What is it?
62) 8) dialog: Okay ...
62) 10) dialog: Now? Kevin slips the disk into the car’s CD player. A METALLIC SONG played by a string quartet pours from the speakers. It’s astonishingly good.
62) 11) dialog: This is you?
62) 13) dialog: You're pretty good. He smiles, embarrassed but delighted.
62) 15) dialog: Cool.
62) 17) dialog: Yeah, no problem. Kevin gets out of the car, but becomes tangled up in the belt. “He shuts the door and looks through the open windo
69) 1) dialog: in Noah’s room, kneeling down in front of Noah, her head moving back and forth rhythmically. She’s giving him a BLOW JOB. Claire stands there, frozen with shock -- a deer caught i the ambient light of Noah’s room. NOAH’S EYES FIX ON CLAIRE -- his face angry and spiteful. Horrified, Claire snaps the curtains shut.
79) 2) dialog: She locked us out. INT. WILKERSON PREP - CLAIRE’S CLASSROOM - DAY Claire races around gathering photos and stuffing them in her briefcase.