11) 0) text: Vicky approaches as Noah shoots a perfect layup.
11) 4) dialog: Noah Sandborn. Nice to meet you.
11) 8) dialog: Thanks a lot, Mrs. Peterson.
11) 12) dialog: Not until June.
11) 15) dialog: That’s pretty rude, man.
11) 17) dialog: Chill, bro. Just messin’ with you. Noah steals the ball from Kevin and slam dunks it.
15) 0) text: Claire cuts ROSES from a hedge in her driveway when Noah comes out of his house with a MAN, 55, in a suit and tie. Claire watches from behind the hedge as they walk to an A parked in Noah’s driveway.
15) 2) dialog: Don’t worry. 10.
15) 4) dialog: Hey, Claire. Those are some roses. Floribundas, right?
15) 6) dialog: My mom studied horticulture in college. Rubbed off, I guess.
15) 8) dialog: She died a few years ago in a car accident.
15) 10) dialog: Oh. Yeah. But he travels a lot for work, so I’m pretty much on my own.
15) 12) dialog: I’m used to it. You get used to anything if you have to. He suddenly looks bereft, weary. Claire smiles with empat
15) 13) dialog: Well, see you around. Noah heads back to his house. Claire watches him go, motherly concern in her eyes.
16) 0) text: Claire and Kevin watch with amusement as Noah devours his
16) 1) dialog: You didn’t tell me your mom was such an incredible cook. I might have to crash dinner every night.
16) 3) dialog: So I hear your Ancient Greek Literature class is pretty amazing.
16) 7) dialog: (to Claire) You cover Homer? He’s my favorite.
16) 9) dialog: Dude, you ever read the Iliad Achilles is this total bad ass. Hot-tempered, full of pride, totally consumed by his emotions.
16) 11) dialog: Downfall? The guy was one of the greatest warriors of all time. People have been talking about him for centuries from Dante and Shakespeare to Zeppelin and Dylan. He’s in comic books, video games, movies -- every modern day medium there is. Hell, I‘1l take that kind of failure any day.
16) 13) dialog: (to Claire) You think I_got_a shot at getting into your class? 12.
16) 15) dialog: Oh, absolutely. Noah grins enthusiastically, ready for any challenge.
16) 18) dialog: Yeah, I jailbroke it. That’s how I get all my cool apps. Kevin watches with fascination as Noah starts up a strang party application.
16) 20) dialog: It voids the warranty, but it’s legal. I’11 show you how after school if you want.
17) 0) text: As Kevin pulls his cello from the back of the SUV, Claire Noah’s tie hanging loose around his neck.
17) 2) dialog: I tried. I’ve just never gotten the hang of it.
17) 6) dialog: Thank you. Their eyes linger on each other for_a long moment, someth passing between them. Claire’s smile slowly fades.
18) 0) text: Noah follows Kevin, who grapples with his cello case thro of students.
18) 1) dialog: Need a hand?
18) 10) dialog: Let go. Jason writhes in Noah’s vice grips then finally releases cello. Noah shoves him, nearly sending him to the floor.
18) 12) dialog: Fuck with him, you fuck with me. Noah slams his locker and saunters off. Kevin gives Jason shit-eating grin and follows.
19) 8) dialog: It was no big deal.
19) 11) dialog: He’s not as tough as he thinks. Claire smiles to herself.
19) 13) dialog: Not really.
19) 17) dialog: Very. She's just not my type.
19) 19) dialog: She’s a little immature, that’s all. Noah’s eyes meet Claire’s in the mirror. She quickly look
20) 0) text: Claire, dressed ina nightgown turns down the bed. She goe to draw the curtains and sees Noah reading in the window across from hers. Noah looks up, smiles and waves. Claire waves back, embarrassed, and closes her curtains.
21) 1) dialog: Morning. She turns and sees Noah in his driveway in sweats and sne
21) 3) dialog: I see you out here every morning. Thought maybe you could show me the best trail. She hesitates.
21) 4) dialog: But I don’t want to intrude on your private time or anything ...
22) 0) text: Claire and Noah run side by side, their feet pounding in along the path we’ve seen Claire travel. When they near t clearing, Claire points to the fallen sycamore.
22) 2) dialog: Oh man ... you do this everyday?
22) 4) dialog: It’s nice here. Peaceful.
22) 6) dialog: re: the carving) You do this?
22) 8) dialog: Talk about symbolism. CLAIRE . Yeah, funny the way things work out.
22) 9) dialog: Kevin said there’s a chance you two might get back together.
22) 11) dialog: Well, you never know. My mom and dad Almost got divorced but they worked it out in the end.
22) 13) dialog: You’‘re not really over him, are you?
22) 15) dialog: Well, this place is obviously special to you --
22) 17) dialog: You run here every day ... 18.
22) 19) dialog: I’m just saying ...
22) 21) dialog: People do all kinds of crazy things when it come to love.
23) 8) dialog: Hey, Claire.
25) 0) text: Claire opens the door to find Noah palming a basketball. 20.
25) 1) dialog: Is Kevin around?
25) 3) dialog: Everything all right?
25) 5) dialog: Okay, I’‘1ll see you later. He turns to go.
26) 0) text: Noah lies on his back under the sink. Claire stands above him, her eyes drawn to the narrow slice of his BARE ABDOM revealed by his raised shirt.
26) 1) dialog: This piece is corroded. See? She bends down to look, her face hovering near his stomac
26) 2) dialog: I can_stop the leak for now but you’1l need to replace it. He turns the wrench and lets out a LOW, GUTTURAL GROAN of exertion. Claire quickly stands, flustered. Noah comes out and gets to his feet, his face flushed.
26) 3) dialog: Want me to get you the part?
27) 0) text: Claire leads Noah past the bed and toward the door.
27) 2) dialog: Great. Thanks. 21. Claire continues on, but Noah stops when he sees a DRESS out on the bed with the SEXY STILETTOS Claire purchased s in their open box.
27) 3) dialog: You going out tonight?
27) 5) dialog: Wow, these are something.
27) 7) dialog: I could see her wearing these ...
27) 9) dialog: I didn’t mean --
27) 11) dialog: What I meant was ... never mind.
27) 13) dialog: It’s just that some women don’t need this kind of thing to be ... desirable. Claire laughs, her face flushing with embarrassment.
27) 14) dialog: I’m no expert or anything, but I’ve always thought true sex appeal is intangible. Something that comes from inside. Women like Vicky try to be sexy by wearing things like this. But it’s really all just smoke and mirrors.
27) 16) dialog: Plenty of men are idiots. Any guy who’s worth your time isn’t going to fall for these gimmicks. (re: the shoes) These are hot, no doubt. But you don’t need them. You’re the real deal. Claire stares at him, at a complete loss for words.
27) 17) dialog: I’m sorry. I probably shouldn't have --
27) 19) dialog: I was totally out of line.
32) 1) dialog: Claire. Claire turns and sees Noah silhouetted by the headlights.
33) 0) text: Noah leads Claire in. Both are drenched, their clothes practically transparent in the headlights.
33) 1) dialog: You're soaked. His eyes travel her wet dress clinging to her body. She doesn’t shrink from his gaze. They hover dangerously close to one another. But Claire suddenly pulls back.
33) 3) dialog: I'll take care of it. Go inside.
34) 0) text: Claire enters. She wipes her hair with a towel, then buri her face in it. She hears the car pull into the garag ge and the engine g quiet. She tenses, waiting for Noah’s knock. Instead, she hears the garage door closing. She peeks out and sees Noah’s legs outside as he lowers t garage door. Her keys sit on the step at her feet. 27.
35) 0) text: Claire enters in her wet clothes, switches on the lights. She starts to draw the curtains, but stops and looks out. NOAH’S WINDOW Dark, lifeless. No way to tell if he’s there. She contemp Then, with the curtains still open, she UNZIPS HER DRESS drop to the floor. She stands there, unflinching, in nothing but LACY BLACK Slowly, her hands travel to the front of her bra. They tr they unhook the clasp. She hesitates, then pulls it open. Her BARE BREASTS spring forth. She breathes heavily, electrified. Then, gathering all he courage, she slips off her panties.
36) 0) text: BRIGHT SUNSHINE beats down on Claire, who is on her knees planting flowers in the garden. Noah pulls into his driveway in an OLD VOLVO. He gets out bags of CHINESE TAKEOUT.
36) 1) dialog: Wow, those look great.
36) 3) dialog: That was some storm last night, wasn’t it?
36) 5) dialog: No problem. 28. She studies his face for a hint that he saw her at the window. Nothing.
36) 6) dialog: Hey, you've been out here all day. Have you eaten?
36) 8) dialog: I’ve got plenty. Why don’t you join me?
36) 10) dialog: Come on. You must be starving. With a smile, he turns and goes inside, leaving the door open. She hesitates for a long moment, then follows him i
37) 0) text: Claire enters as Noah gathers plates and glasses. She loo around and sees there’s no table or chairs in the dining
37) 1) dialog: We're still waiting for some of the furniture. Hope you don’t mind sitting on the floor. He pours wine into two glasses and offers her one.
37) 3) dialog: I’ve been drinking wine since I was a kid. My mother grew up in France, so she was pretty liberal about things like that. He takes a sip and holds her glass out to her. She reluctantly takes it, but doesn’t drink.
37) 4) dialog: She always said it’s nobody’s business what people do in the privacy of their own homes. He clinks his glass against hers and takes another sip. INT. NOAH’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - EVENING The light outside has faded. Claire and Noah eat on the floor, laughing, comfortable with each other. Noah pours last of the wine into Claire’s empty glass.
37) 6) dialog: For what?
37) 8) dialog: Zimmer’s a punk.
37) 10) dialog: Being the “bigger man” is a nice concept. But sometimes it’s more important just to be a man. Noah gazes at Claire, really taking her in.
37) 11) dialog: I’ve never seen you with your hair up like that. It looks nice.
37) 13) dialog: You have a little stork bite on the back of your neck.
37) 15) dialog: You know, that little red mark some babies are born with? It usually goes away, but you still have yours. He lifts her pony tail and speaks softly near her ear.
37) 16) dialog: Right ... there. He rubs his finger along the back of her neck. She shiver He puts his lips to the spot. She closes her eyes for an instant, clearly aroused. Then she pulls away.
37) 18) dialog: Do you want to?
37) 20) dialog: Last night. In the window ...
37) 22) dialog: Claire. You’re magnificent. With that, Claire’s defenses crumble. Noah takes her face in his hands and kisses her tenderly. She responds, reluctant at first, then hungrily. He pushes her against the wall, pressing his body against hers. They grope each other, tear at each other’s clothes Noah pulls off Claire’s shorts, her panties. He finds her Bores into her. Pounds her rhythmically. Claire moans and writhes. Poised between pleasure and gui Until finally abandoning all thoughts of anything but now Her hands clutch his waist, his buttocks. She pulls him i her ... and climaxes, wedged between his body and the wal nowhere else to go. For a jong moment, Noah remains pressed against her, his fixed on hers. He kisses her softly, intertwines his fing with hers, and pulls her toward the stairs. She resists, but with one more tug, she follows. INT. NOAH’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - EVENING The door flings open. Claire and Noah stumble in, ripping off what’s left of their clothing, their hands, lips and tongues all over each other. Noah throws Claire onto the bed, kissing her neck, her breasts, touching her in ways she hasn’t been touched in years. Suddenly, Claire pushes him off. Confusion flashes across Noah’s face. But in the next instant, Claire thrusts him down on his back and crawls on top, straddling him. She makes love to him with urgency. Noah groans with plea INT. NOAH’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - MORNING LEBRON JAMES comes in and out of focus. Gradually we realize we’re looking at a life-size poster through jaire’s blurry eyes. Claire looks to the other side of the bed. Empty. She gets to her feet and pulls on some clothes while scan room: trophies, team pennants, sports memorabilia. 31. She stares at a collection of BOBBLE-HEADED CARTOON CHARA She touches one and watches its head bob, her face grim. Then she sees:
37) 24) dialog: Morning. He sees her wan face.
37) 25) dialog: What’s wrong?
37) 27) dialog: I thought we could spend the day --
37) 29) dialog: You’re having second thoughts. It’s normal.
37) 32) dialog: Downstairs. Remember? INT. NOAH’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - MORNING Claire races down the stairs, Noah at her heels.
37) 33) dialog: Would you stop for one minute? She finds her shorts, puts them on.
37) 35) dialog: We have a bond, Claire. Age doesn’t matter. 32.
37) 37) dialog: Did it last night?
37) 39) dialog: It was more than that.
37) 41) dialog: Oh my God ...
37) 43) dialog: Stop it! Just stop acting like we did something wrong. No matter what you say, it wasn’t wrong. They stand silent for a long moment.
37) 46) dialog: Don’t worry about me. I’1l be fine.
44) 0) text: Sitting at the table with Gary and Kevin is Noah. They la together like old friends. ey look up at Claire standing frozen in the doorway.
44) 1) dialog: Wow. Doesn’t that look tasty? Claire crosses the threshold with a wavering smile.
44) 5) dialog: (to Gary) I don’t know much about plumbing, but that pipe looked pretty bad. You’1l have to take a look.
44) 8) dialog: (to Claire Did you tell him about what happened last night? Claire looks up from the cake to Noah. His eyes toy with
44) 9) dialog: With the garage door?
44) 12) dialog: They don’t make them like they used to. That’s what my dad always says. 36.
44) 16) dialog: I'll say ...
44) 19) dialog: It was pretty intense here.
44) 21) dialog: Nah. Had better things to do.
44) 26) dialog: Really? I heard it’s pretty good. 37.
44) 28) dialog: Well, it’s getting late.
44) 32) dialog: I do too, actually. Great to meet you, Mr. Peterson. Let me know if you want any help with that garage door.
44) 34) dialog: See you tomorrow, Kev. Mrs. Peterson. out the door.
46) 0) text: Claire pours herself a cup of coffee as teachers bustle i and out. She spots Noah and Kevin out on the field talkin to Allie. She watches them. A HAND gudden ly goes to her shoulder. Claire jumps, slos her coffee. e turns to see Vicky.
46) 11) dialog: Thank you, sir.
49) 0) text: Claire, Kevin and Noah sit at the dinner table, the air t
49) 1) dialog: Another delicious dinner, Claire. I like what you’ve done with your potatoes this time. She doesn’t respond.
49) 2) dialog: So Kev. What do you think about Allie Cambridge?
49) 4) dialog: She asked me oie if you're saoing to Homecoming with anyone. thinks you’re “cute.” Claire’s eyes dart to Noah with suspicion.
49) 7) dialog: I said you were considering several prospects. Kevin laughs uproariously.
49) 8) dialog: You know how lucky you are? She could have anyone, but she chose you. When a girl gives you an opening like that, you got to jump on it. Isn’t that right, Claire? She looks up at him, her voice cold, her eyes even colder
51) 11) dialog: My fault for being late. His eyes meet Claire’s in the rear view mirror. Accusing her. Claire’s eyes dart away.
52) 0) text: Claire pulls in. Kevin and Noah jump out with their backp and run into the house. Claire sits there watching the ra before forcing herself to go in.
53) 0) text: Claire enters to find Noah waiting for her.
53) 1) dialog: Claire --
53) 3) dialog: What’s wrong?
53) 7) dialog: No, I don’t. I swear.
53) 9) dialog: They were a peace offering.
53) 11) dialog: Well, yeah.
53) 13) dialog: That’s why I didn’t sign the card.
53) 15) dialog: Okay, maybe sending flowers was a bad idea. But give me a break. I have no idea what you want me to do here.
53) 17) dialog: Claire, listen --
54) 8) dialog: watching them through the window of the back door. His fa is tight, his eyes menacing. Claire pushes Gary away. Gary turns and spots Noah. And in that instant, Noah's sullen expression changes to a sheepish grin. Gary swings the door open.
54) 10) dialog: Hi, Mr. Peterson. So sorry to interrupt, but I think I left my cell phone here.
54) 12) dialog: I know, but I saw the light and my dad's supposed to call from Qatar. Before Claire can protest, Noah heads into the adjoining room.
54) 14) dialog: Some big hotel development he’s working on. Noah bends down in front of the couch, blocking Claire’s Gary's view of him, and searches the cushions. He slips t phone out of his pocket and drops it underneath the couch
54) 15) dialog: Here it is. Noah holds up the phone triumphantly and returns to the kitchen where he spots Gary’s flowers.
54) 16) dialog: Nice flowers.
54) 18) dialog: Even nicer than the ones you got at school today.
54) 20) dialog: Oh ... right.
54) 22) dialog: Not really.
54) 24) dialog: I've got my eye on someone at schoo But she doesn’t seem interested.
54) 36) dialog: Yeah, well I had a different take on the whole thing. 49. Claire visibly stiffens at the interruption.
54) 37) dialog: I think Oedipus’s downfall was caused by everybody turning a blind eye to the facts. I mean, we all know you can’t ignore the truth for long before it comes back and bites you in the ass. His tone is confrontational, his smile taunting. As Claire struggles to maintain her composure, the bell r and students jump to their feet.
54) 39) dialog: What the hell was that?
54) 41) dialog: You kept blowing me off. He whips out a paper from his binder.
54) 42) dialog: And a “D” on the essay?
54) 44) dialog: Did you even read it? My topic was way better than the one you gave.
54) 46) dialog: Oh, like you do?
55) 0) text: Noah storms out of Claire’s classroom, balling up the ess in his fist. A STUDENT calls out his name, but he ignores him and keeps going, his face enraged. He turns the corner and spots Kevin, his back pressed up against the lockers by Jason Zimmer, who swats him upside head every time he opens his mouth to speak. Noah’s look turns rabid. He charges at Jason, grabs him b the collar and slams him, face first, into the lockers.
55) 2) dialog: He’s mine. Understand? Jason blinks, utterly confused. Noah lets Jason’s head drop to the floor, then gives him kick in the gut for good measure. He turns to Kevin.
55) 3) dialog: Go ahead. Give it all you got.
55) 5) dialog: Pussy. Just like your old man. He turns and stalks off. Kevin stares after him. INT. WILKERSON PREP - HEADMASTER’S OFFICE - DAY Claire enters to find Kevin slumped in a chair. Mr. Warre paces in front of him.
57) 0) text: Claire emerges from the woods into her backyard when she Noah’s father in his driveway getting into his Audi.
61) 0) text: Claire hurries back to the gym when Noah steps out from a dark corner. His eye is swollen from the fight.
61) 2) dialog: We need to talk. He pulls her into a shadowy alcove. Claire tries to get a but he shoves her up against the wall.
61) 3) dialog: Your behavior has been completely unacceptable.
61) 5) dialog: So that shit-head husband of yours suddenly wants to come crawling back and you decide you don’t need me anymore? You’re just done with me?
61) 7) dialog: We didn’t agree! You agreed! And suddenly I’m nothing to you. Like what we had never even happened!
61) 9) dialog: I’m good for you, Claire. I can take care of you.
61) 11) dialog: You do need me. Kevin needs me. Who got him a date for the dance? Who handled Jason Zimmer? Would Gary have done that? Big man can’t even fix the fucking garage door! He pounds his fist into the wall next to her head. She winces with fear.
61) 12) dialog: I’m sorry but ... I love you. And I know you love me. You’re just scared ... He presses up against her and tries kissing her. She push him away. Undeterred, he goes for her again. This time, s SLAPS HIM hard across the face. He stares at her, stunned
66) 0) text: Claire, Gary, and Kevin, dressed in a Chicago Blackhawks Jersey, get into Gary’s car. As they pull away, NOAH WATCHES them from his bedroom win
69) 0) text: Claire and Gary sleep intertwined, deep contentment on th faces. Suddenly, LOUD MUSIC from’ outside wakes Claire. Claire creeps out of bed, careful not to wake Gary. She g to the window and peeks out. NOAH’S BEDROOM The lights are on, the window ajar. Noah appears, bare-chested. He unzips his jeans and wiggl out of them. Claire quickly turns away, about to close the curtains wh she hears a GIRL’S LAUGHTER. Claire turns back and sees:
71) 3) dialog: What a fucking whore you are. Just like Kevin’s little girlfriend. Claire is stunned speechless. She scrambles into her car slams the door. She honks the horn. Kevin rushes out of the house with his backpack and cello
73) 0) text: A WHISTLE blows and RUNNERS take off around the track. Claire, hands bandaged, tromps across the field to Noah, sits on the bleachers with a couple of other BOYS.
73) 2) dialog: I'm busy right now, Mrs. Peterson. With “P ysical Education. believe you're familiar with the subject. The boys snicker at his audacity.
73) 4) dialog: Ow, hey. Take it easy. His protests attract the attention of MR. SCHMIDT, the overweight P.E. Teacher, who stands some distance away. Claire pulls Noah over to the side of the bleachers.
73) 6) dialog: Just for my own pleasure at first.
74) 0) text: Claire pulls in behind Gary’s car. Noah’s house looms ove her as she unloads groceries.
76) 3) dialog: Hi, Mrs. Peterson. Noah deliberately brushes up against her as he passes. He plops down on the couch next to Gary.
76) 4) dialog: What I miss?
76) 6) dialog: Yeah, there’s plenty. Noah scoots over to create a space between himself and Ga He pats the couch.
77) 0) text: Claire puts the groceries away. Noah enters and helps himself to a soda from the refrigerator.
77) 1) dialog: Do we have any chips? He searches through the bags and pulls some out. Claire grabs them from him. CLAIRE oo, You can eat your own chips in your own home. She turns her back on him, stuffing the chips into the cupboard. He comes up behind her. Breathes on her.
77) 2) dialog: Come over tonight. After they’re asleep. Say three o’clock.
77) 4) dialog: Let’s see ... Who would you prefer I show our video to first? Gary? Or maybe ... (calling out) Kevin? 70.
77) 7) dialog: You want a soda?
77) 9) dialog: I’1l leave a light on. He grabs another soda and heads back to Gary and Kevin, whistling a light-hearted tune. INT. PETERSON HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM —- NIGHT In bed, Gary wakes from a sound sleep and reads the alarm 2:55 a.m. He rolls over and sees Claire’s side empty. He sits up, blinking in the dark, and spots Claire sittin chair in the shadows.
82) 0) text: Claire enters and sits in a guest chair, facing a long wa of cabinets labeled “STUDENT FILES.” Her eyes settle on t drawer labeled “R-S.” Claire glances through the open door to Loretta, who spea on the phone, her back turned. Claire sneaks to the cabinet and pulls open the file draw It SCREECHES. She freezes with panic, but hears Loretta still on the phone. She rifles through the files until finding Noah's. She pulls out a TRANSCRIPT from BAY VIEW HIGH SCHOOL in M All “A”s. In a section entitled “Disciplinary Action” the simply the entry “None.” She scans a “Family History” document and spots his mothe “Rebecca Sandborn” and the notation “Deceased” next to it 74. Her eye travels to his father’s name, “CHARLES SANDBORN.” Next to it, appears the same notation: “DECEASED.”
86) 0) text: Dismissal time. The carpool lane is in full swing. INT. WILKERSON PREP - CLAIRE’S CLASSROOM - DAY Vicky puts on CLAIRE’S COAT and RED PLAID HAT AND SCARF w Claire watches Noah in the courtyard below.
87) 0) text: Vicky walks_to_the parking lot, head bowed. From a distan looks exactly like Claire. Noah spots her and watches her Vicky gets into Claire’s SUV and drives away. Noah follow in his Volvo. A moment later, Claire emerges from the school and gets i VICKY’S MUSTANG. INT. CLAIRE’S SUV - DAY In her mirror, Vicky sees Noah’s Volvo several cars behin
88) 0) text: Claire parks Vicky’s Mustang in the garage, shuts the doo EXT. NOAH’S HOUSE - BACKYARD - DAY Claire tries Noah’s door, then a couple of windows. Locke She scours the rest of the house when she notices --
89) 0) text: Vicky pumps gas. Out of the corner of her eye, she sees Noah’s Volvo idling on the side of the road. She turns around to replace the nozzle in the pump. When turns back, NOAH’S CAR IS GONE. INT. NOAH’S HOUSE - NOAH’S BEDROOM - DAY Claire opens a CLOSET DOOR. She moves boxes stacked on a and finds a CAMCORDER. She opens the compartment where it TAPE should be ... but it’s empty. Just then, Claire’s cell phone rings. She sees it’s Vicky and answers.
89) 16) dialog: is standing at her window wearing a bone-chilling smile.
95) 0) text: Claire backs Vicky’ s Mustang out of the driveway, glanci nervously at Noah’s sleeping house. 84. INT. VICKY’S MUSTANG - MORNING (MOVING) Claire listens to Vicky’s recorded greeting on her cell phone, then leaves a message.
100) 0) text: Gary fumbles about, cooking dinner. Through the window, h sees Noah in his kitchen. Noah smiles and waves. Gary returns a friendly salute. Gary’s phone rings. He digs it out of his pocket and answ
102) 0) text: Gary sits with his feet up, talking on the phone. Suddenl his computer DINGS with an email alert. He squints at the screen and sees a new untitled EMAIL FROM NOAH.
107) 0) text: As Gary parks, a blear veyed Kevin sitting next to him notices a light in Noah’s bedroom window. Suddenly Kevin scrambles out of the car and rushes toward Noah’s house.
107) 2) dialog: Hey, man. No hard -- 95. Kevin punches him in the gut. Noah doubles over with a groan. Then, he begins to laugh.
107) 3) dialog: Look pal, if you really want to do some damage, you aim for the face. Kevin swings at Noah’s jaw. Noah dodges the punch. Kevin swings again but gets only air. Infuriated, he tackles No to the floor and flails at his head and chest.
107) 7) dialog: You think she wants any part of your pathetic little “family.” All your “be a bigger man” bullshit. From the guy who fucks around. Some big man, Gary. (to Kevin) And your you self-centered little prick. When was the last time you even told her you loved her? You both had your chance. I’m the one she turned to when she needed someone. I am her family. Gary stares at Noah, the kid’s madness fully dawning on h
109) 0) text: As the cello music plays upstairs, Gary picks up Kevin's laptop from the floor. He sees Noah and Claire frozen on screen. He closes the video window and deletes the video. With shaky hands, he pours himself a drink. Swallows it i one gulp. Pours another. He spots his Blackberry sitting on the desk where he left and sees a voicemail message from Claire. Suddenly, there’s a LOUD CLATTER from another room.
110) 2) dialog: Looking for this? Gary turns as a FIRE EXTINGUISHER comes at his face, send him to the floor. He’s stunned but fully conscious. Noah watches him struggle to get up. Then he raises the extinguisher and brings it crashing down on Gary’s skull. Gary stares at Noah with blank eyes, then falls back with thu Out cold. 97. INT. PETERSON HOUSE - KEVIN’S ROOM - NIGHT The cello music blares as Kevin washes his face. When he comes up from the sink and opens his eyes, he sees a flas something behind him in the mirror. He whirls around and looks into his room. Nothing. He goe back to rinsing his face. The music abruptly stops Kevin looks up, puzzled. Drying his face, he goes to the stereo and sees that the switch been flipped off. He notices the eerie quiet of his surroundings. niv™ ca in baa? | 9) Kevin swings open his door and is met with a PUNCH IN THE FACE from Noah. Kevin drops to the floor.
110) 3) dialog: What I tell you? The face, man. Works every time. Kevin struggles to get up, but Noah slugs him over and ov again. Blood spurts from Kevin’s nose and lips. Through blurred vision, Kevin sees Noah above him, raisin KEVIN’S CELLO up into the air.
111) 2) dialog: A little late in the game for heroics, Gary. Noah plunges the knife into Gary’s gut. Gary HOWLS with p Noah pulls the knife out and wipes it clean on Gary’s pan He heads out the door.
114) 0) text: Kevin runs through dense trees. He looks back for Noah an his foot catches a tree root. He tumbles to the ground. He lies there for a moment, jistening. Silence. Then, the m v CRUNCH OF FOOTSTEPS and an eerily ca oice.
114) 1) dialog: I know you’re here, bro. I can smell you. Kevin sees Noah walk by, less than thirty feet away. The KNIFE IN HIS HAND glints in the moonligh
114) 2) dialog: Come out and fight like a man. Even your chickenshit father did in the end. Noah ¢isappears | behind some trees. Kevin takes off in t opposite direction. Noah hears him and turns to see his shadowy figure headin deeper into the woods. He follows, the gleam of the hunte in his eyes. 99.
116) 0) text: Kevin stops in the clearing. With the RAVINE up ahead and Noah right behind, he’s got nowhere to run. He spies the FALLEN SYCAMORE and tucks himself under its massive trunk, accidentally brushing against the TIRE SWI and setting it in motion. Noah enters the clearing. NOAH ; Come on, Kev. I’m not going to hurt you. I just want to talk. Noah notices the tire swing moving. He goes to it and sto it. His eyes scan the area.
116) 2) dialog: circles the clearing, searching, as DISTANT SIRENS grow louder. His impatience builds.
116) 3) dialog: So you‘re just going to let me get away with it? I fucked your mother, man. You should have seen her. Begging me for it ...
116) 5) dialog: .-. like a $og: So I gave it to her. Just like she wanted it.
116) 6) dialog: stomps around with growing frustration, slashing the brus with his knife. 100.
116) 7) dialog: I fucked your girlfriend, little whore. I fucking butchered your old man right there on your kitchen linoleum. And you’re just gonna run away and hide, you candy-ass son-of-a-bitch! Suddenly, Claire’s voice echoes through the trees.
116) 9) dialog: Here comes mommy, Kevin. You going to wait for her to rescue you? Noah calls out, mimicking Kevin’s voice.
116) 10) dialog: Mom!
116) 15) dialog: Finally. A set of balls. Noah lunges for Kevin with his knife. Kevin dodges him. Noah comes at him again, but this time Kevin grabs his wr They lock ina struggle over the knife. The blade inches ever closer to Kevin’s throat. Finally, in an act of utter desperation, Kevin knees Noah the groin. While Noah is doubled over in pain, Kevin tack him. The knife goes flying. The two boys wrestle. Kevin lands a couple of lucky punch but Noah quickly gains the upper hand and pummels Kevin u he PASSES OUT. Straddling Kevin, Noah raises a large rock overhead and i about to crush Kevin’s skull with it, when...
116) 20) dialog: He doesn’t appreciate you, Claire. Not like I do.
116) 22) dialog: You know nothing about my mother or how it was between us! She loved me! The way you love me.
116) 24) dialog: You do. I know you do. I saw it in your eyes that night. It doesn’t just go away.
116) 26) dialog: I saw it! Suddenly, Noah charges her. Claire swipes at him but he’s too quick. He comes in low and tackles her to the ground. Claire thrashes and flails like a wild animal. Noah straddles her writhing body, enduring her blows until pin her arms above her head. Defeated and exhausted, Claire grows still. Noah breaths heavily, exhilarated. He leans in to kiss he but she turns her head away. And that’s when she sees it.
116) 29) dialog: You see how good we are together? I am all you need. Not them. She nods, her eyes sincere. He smiles and leans in for another kiss when Claire LUNGES up and BITES HIS NOSE. Noah howls and thrashes wildly, his blood spurting. But C hangs on like a pit bull. Noah digs his fingers into her eyes and bashes her face w fist until finally she releases him. He jumps to his feet blood gushing from his nose.
116) 30) dialog: You bitch! She dives for the knife but before she can reach it, Noah grabs her hair and yanks her to her feet. He pushes her up against a WEATHERED WOODEN FENCE -- a fl barrier between them and the RAVINE.
116) 31) dialog: I loved you! Noah clamps his hands around Claire’s throat and slowly squeezes the life out of her.
116) 45) dialog: Go ahead. Let go. 104. But she doesn’t. And he hoists himself up to solid ground Noah crouches down and extends his hand to her. Claire stares up at him defiantly.
116) 46) dialog: I’d never do anything to hurt you, Claire. Claire’s HANDS SLIP.
116) 47) dialog: You can trust me. His face is as innocent as a choirboy’s. Claire hesitates, then reaches out and grasps his hand. S gives a hint of a smile before her grip tightens.