5) 0) text: Claire walks among throngs of STUDENTS, greeting them wit genuine affection. VICKY LANSING, 35, shapely and wearing tight clothes to p it, comes up alongside her.
5) 1) dialog: Ready for the little bastards?
5) 3) dialog: Why wait? It’s going to come to that soon enough. Vicky pulls a chunk of drywall from Claire’s hair.
5) 4) dialog: Prowling construction sites in your spare time?
5) 6) dialog: Ethan's got a hot buddy who’s incredibly handy with “domestic repairs.”
5) 8) dialog: If you change your mind, I’m sure this guy could get it up for you. Claire laughs and heads off.
5) 9) dialog: I’1l take that as a solid maybe. INT. WILKERSON PREP - CLASSROOM — DAY Claire enters as the bell rings. BOISTEROUS STUDENTS reluctantly take their seats.
10) 0) text: Claire and Vicky browse in the shoe department.
10) 1) dialog: So file the damn thing already.
10) 3) dialog: What you need is somebody to get ou there. A hot stud who's gonna arge in and shake you up and make you feel ... you know ...
10) 6) dialog: You are desirable. He just had his head too far up his ass to appreciate it. Vicky stops at a the sale rack, while Claire wanders over display of SEXY STILETTOS. Claire picks up one of the stilettos and stares at it, ca by its raw sex appeal. A SALESMAN approaches.
10) 9) dialog: (to the Salesman) She takes a seven. INT. CLAIRE’S SUV (MOVING) - DAY Claire drives as Vicky touches up her makeup in the mirro
10) 11) dialog: We'll see ... Claire pulls into her driveway and sees a TEENAGE BOY pla basketball with Kevin. He’s tall and well-developed -- mo man in appearance than a boy. This is NOAH SANDBORN, 17.
10) 12) dialog: Who the hell is that?
11) 0) text: Vicky approaches as Noah shoots a perfect layup.
11) 1) dialog: Bravo! Both boys turn to her, and for the first time we clearly NOAH’S FACE Magnetic eyes. Confident smile. Boyish, yet possessing a quality that suggests an old soul living deep inside.
11) 3) dialog: Hi there. Vicky Lansing.
11) 5) dialog: The pleasure is all mine. Claire walks up.
11) 11) dialog: No kidding. you must be what? Eighteen Si rescys
19) 0) text: Claire and Vicky enter the food line.
19) 1) dialog: Wouldn’t you know I got friggin’ Cameron Knopf in my class. “He’s just as big a tard as his older brother. Claire's eyes drift to the dining room where she spots Al Cambridge flirting mercilessly with Noah.
19) 2) dialog: You'd think those parents would see what they got the first time around and be scared shitless to reproduce again. Claire watches their interaction with a proprietary look. Vicky follows her gaze.
19) 3) dialog: Figures she'd sniff him out on day one. Like a dog to raw meat. Vicky chuckles, but Claire turns and walks the other way. 15. INT. CLAIRE’S SUV (MOVING) - DAY Claire drives with Kevin beside her and Noah in back. Kev spots Jason Zimmer lighting up a cigarette as he ambles d the street with his friends.
28) 3) dialog: You're going to love him. He’s cute, he’s rich, and best of all he’s got all his hair. Vicky undoes the next button on Claire’s dress.
28) 4) dialog: Relax. You look fabulous. id out on her bed, but instead of the Vicky waves vigorously at TWO ATTRACTIVE MEN across the r
29) 0) text: Vicky and her boy-toy, ETHAN, 29, feed each other sushi w ractically sitting in each other's la 1 . P. Claire sits next to RAVIS, 35, with her purse wedged firmly between them. Travis does indeed have all his hair, but he looks like t kind of guy who takes two hours to get it just right.
29) 2) dialog: It used to be a convent until Travis got a hold of it.
29) 12) dialog: Claire ...
29) 21) dialog: You know, maybe we should order a little more --
29) 24) dialog: Claire, please ... Claire starts to leave. Suddenly, she turns back to Travi
30) 0) text: Light rain falls as Claire hurries to her car. Vicky chas after her.
30) 1) dialog: Claire, wait! Claire stops at her car, searching for her keys.
30) 2) dialog: What the hell was that? 25.
30) 4) dialog: So you pick a fight with him?
30) 6) dialog: What is your problem? Can’t you just lighten up and have some fun?
30) 8) dialog: Then sit at home alone and mope if that’s what you want. But I guarantee you that’s not what Gary’s up to.
30) 10) dialog: Oh, please. He screwed around when you were together. You think he’s suddenly become celibate now that you're apart?
30) 12) dialog: I’m sorry. But this limbo thing you're wallowing in -- it’s just not healthy. It’s time to move on. Claire gets in, slams the door, and speeds away. INT. CLAIRE’S SUV (MOVING) - NIGHT Rain pelts the windshield as Claire drives. Toto’s “I'll Over You” plays on the radio. Claire sings along, her voi cracking with emotion.
46) 0) text: Claire pours herself a cup of coffee as teachers bustle i and out. She spots Noah and Kevin out on the field talkin to Allie. She watches them. A HAND gudden ly goes to her shoulder. Claire jumps, slos her coffee. e turns to see Vicky.
46) 2) dialog: Sorry. Claire dabs herself with napkins. Vicky sees Noah outside
46) 3) dialog: Enjoying the view, I see.
49) 11) dialog: Looks like Gary’s up to his old tricks again.
49) 13) dialog: What’s going on?
49) 15) dialog: And? You told him no fucking way, right?
49) 17) dialog: So that’s it? He drops a bundle at FTD and you melt like some lovesick schoolgirl? I can’t believe you’re falling for this bullshit.
49) 20) dialog: I sure as hell hope you know what you're doing. She walks out. Claire picks up her cellphone and dials.
59) 0) text: Cheesy decorations. Loud, thumping music. Students dresse in semi-formal attire bump and grind. Claire and Vicky stand against a wall, acting as chaperon Vicky watches Kevin and Allie dance. Kevin is awkward and too enthusiastic. Allie tries hard not to look embarrasse
59) 1) dialog: Kevin certainly has come out of his shell.
59) 3) dialog: What? He’s sweet, he’s smart ... He’s got a lot of potential.
59) 5) dialog: Yeah, I was sure she had Noah in her Sights. A long beat as she studies Claire.
59) 6) dialog: Speaking of Noah ...
59) 8) dialog: I don’t want you to take my head off or anything, but ... I heard a couple of girls talking. Claire turns to her, alarmed. Just gossipy “palishit, But they seem to be under the impression that you two are quite the item.
59) 10) dialog: (chuckling And after I called dibs on him.
59) 12) dialog: Oh_come on. You know how kids talk. I can’t even count the number of times I’ve heard rumors like that about me. I just thought you should know. A GIRL comes up to them.
59) 14) dialog: I’l1l go.
85) 0) text: Claire and Vicky huddle over their lunches in a faraway c
85) 2) dialog: Oh Jesus, Claire. Vicky sits back, the wind knocked out of her.
85) 4) dialog: That is such bullshit. He’s not some innocent little kid you took advantage of. He’s practically a grown man. And he knew exactly what he was doing.
85) 6) dialog: You have to tell Gary.
85) 8) dialog: You don’t really have a choice here.
85) 10) dialog: He’s got to understand. You were separated, for Christ’s sake. If he hadn’t cheated on you in the first place ... 77.
85) 12) dialog: Okay, but you said yourself that people make mistakes. He loves you so damn much, let him prove it.
85) 14) dialog: Do you really think he’s going to put himself in the middle of a scandal like that?
85) 16) dialog: Yeah, no kidding ...
85) 18) dialog: Christ.
86) 0) text: Dismissal time. The carpool lane is in full swing. INT. WILKERSON PREP - CLAIRE’S CLASSROOM - DAY Vicky puts on CLAIRE’S COAT and RED PLAID HAT AND SCARF w Claire watches Noah in the courtyard below.
86) 2) dialog: How do I look? Claire turns around and examines Vicky. CLAIRE ; I wear my purse on my right. Vicky switches Claire’s purse from her left shoulder to h right. Claire hands her the keys to her SUV. 78.
86) 4) dialog: You got it.
87) 0) text: Vicky walks_to_the parking lot, head bowed. From a distan looks exactly like Claire. Noah spots her and watches her Vicky gets into Claire’s SUV and drives away. Noah follow in his Volvo. A moment later, Claire emerges from the school and gets i VICKY’S MUSTANG. INT. CLAIRE’S SUV - DAY In her mirror, Vicky sees Noah’s Volvo several cars behin
87) 1) dialog: Come on, honey. We're going for a nice little ride. She turns onto the Interstate.
88) 0) text: Claire parks Vicky’s Mustang in the garage, shuts the doo EXT. NOAH’S HOUSE - BACKYARD - DAY Claire tries Noah’s door, then a couple of windows. Locke She scours the rest of the house when she notices --
88) 2) dialog: Oh great. INT. NOAH’S HOUSE - NOAH’S BEDROOM - DAY Claire enters and glances at the unmade bed, remembering: She rummages through Noah’s desk drawers, but finds nothi She slams the last drawer and scans the room, deciding wh to search next. Her eyes pass over the LeBron James poste and that’s when sees it: A TINY HOLE in LEBRON JAMES’S EYE. Claire climbs onto a chair to examine it. The hole in the poster extends into the wall where she sees the glint of CAMERA LENS.
89) 0) text: Vicky pumps gas. Out of the corner of her eye, she sees Noah’s Volvo idling on the side of the road. She turns around to replace the nozzle in the pump. When turns back, NOAH’S CAR IS GONE. INT. NOAH’S HOUSE - NOAH’S BEDROOM - DAY Claire opens a CLOSET DOOR. She moves boxes stacked on a and finds a CAMCORDER. She opens the compartment where it TAPE should be ... but it’s empty. Just then, Claire’s cell phone rings. She sees it’s Vicky and answers.
89) 1) dialog: I lost him.
89) 3) dialog: I stopped for gas and I think he figured it out. He’s probably headed back right now.
89) 5) dialog: Just get the hell out of there. Right now! INT. NOAH’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY Claire hurries down the stairs and heads toward the back when she hears the muffled sound of a COMPUTER PRINTER. S follows the noise to a door and opens it. 80. Stairs lead to a DARK BASEMENT. Claire hesitates, looks o the empty driveway, then flicks on the light and goes dow INT. NOAH’S HOUSE - BASEMENT - DAY Through the shadows, Claire follows the noise to a WOODEN DOOR. She pushes it open with a STALE CREAK to reveal --
95) 0) text: Claire backs Vicky’ s Mustang out of the driveway, glanci nervously at Noah’s sleeping house. 84. INT. VICKY’S MUSTANG - MORNING (MOVING) Claire listens to Vicky’s recorded greeting on her cell phone, then leaves a message.