7) 11) dialog: (no Arab accent, perfect American English) All I got is real. EXT. STREET - (SAMARRA) -— DAY 20 A GREEN RENAULT moving through the streets of Samarra. FLASHBACK - EXT. BASSAM’S APARTMENT - BALCONY 21 To BASSAM and FERRIS talking, drinking beer on BASSAM’S APARTMENT balcony last night. Bassam’s wife and 2-year- old son can be seen behind them inside, preparing food.
7) 12) dialog: A guy named Nizar, from Aquiz up near Tikrit. I knew him when I was a kid before I left. He wanted to come to America with me but he couldn’t get the papers. INTERCUT FERRIS packing up his “Go” bag in his room.
7) 13) dialog: He got all messed up in the head after the invasion, you know, started working with the Baathists -.. then the jihadists. But he’s scared shitless now, man. He’s supposed to do a martyrdom operation, but he doesn’t want to die. So he’s coming to us. INT. FERRIS’ ROOM 22 FERRIS, alone in his room, packed, stares dully at the TV images. (CONTINUED)
7) 17) dialog: He knows all the fuck about everything. He says. FERRIS looks around the room. If he never comes back to it, so what: a couple of pairs of socks and underwear on a shelf. Empty booze bottles. Stack of books. FERRIS leaves the room. Closes the door.
8) 0) text: FERRIS, driving the GREEN RENAULT, which looks like it has served as a taxi for a thousand years in the desert. Arab beads dangle from the rearview mirror. A news broadcast in Arabic is on. Ferris turns it up. Whatever it says (it is about the Manchester bombings), disturbs him as he drives through the crowded streets. Every young man visible through the dusty windshield and side-windows is his potential murderer. Dangerous men looking at his car. FERRIS slows at an intersection with a traffic cop, leans over to unlock the door for -- waiting at a street cafe -- BASSAM, an Iraqi-American hipster under considerable strain.
8) 3) dialog: So, same as every day... They slow at the exit from the city. An arched gate through the walls. An ELDERLY WOMAN selling flowers holds out a yellow blossom. Ferris says no, then makes a salaam to a mystified SOLDIER who doesn’t quite understand why his OFFICER (hauling him off by an equipment strap) is indicating “leave the CIA guys alone” as other SOLDIERS check vehicles. (CONTINUED)
8) 6) dialog: We’re going to get killed by one of those fuckers. That’s my prediction.
8) 9) dialog: I don’t know. What are they with me? FERRIS smiles at him. But you never know. Looks out at men at a cafe staring at him as he passes. Cigarettes. Cheap shoes. Poverty, heat, dust, despair, anger. As we go through the slums past groups of ashamed unemployed fathers in plastic sandals and rescue-mission clothes, BASSAM texts on a cell phone.
8) 10) dialog: I say it again: We had more fucking green cards we wouldn’t be in this shit. We’d all be in Beverly Hills. From the craziness of the SOUK --
9) 0) text: A long dirt road cutting across white hot desert. The GREEN RENAULT moving through dust on the road leading to what once was a farm: a villa with outbuildings, broken irrigation equipment, blowing dust. It might once have been as nice as something in Andalusia. Now it’s a wreck. FERRIS has a folding carbine across his lap now as he drives, staring towards the house. BASSAM still on texting.
9) 1) dialog: He says one of us has to come in. Come up to the house. Ferris just looks at Bassam who’s sweating. (CONTINUED)
9) 5) dialog: He means me, he means me. He wants to see my face before he comes out.
9) 7) dialog: They'd have to be smarter than I think they are for it to be a setup... but it still could be a setup. Ferris parks. Bassam doesn’t get out. Ferris doesn’t rush him. Eventually --
9) 8) dialog: I’m not getting my head cut off on the Internet, sahib. You’1l shoot me, right?
9) 10) dialog: Ya, Nizar... (etc., etc.)
13) 0) text: FERRIS and NIZAR sit looking at each other in the gloom. BASSAM leans against a wall of the thrashed room, holding Ferris’ HK. NIZAR is terrified, fingertips pressed together trembling, staring at FERRIS for help.
16) 15) dialog: They're already on him. BASSAM, looking like an ordinary unemployed Iraqi, plug of his cell in his ear, is in position at a cafe. Ferris on the opposite side of the street. Both see hard-faced guys monitoring Bassam.
17) 2) dialog: I can’t move. They’1ll see me. Too many guys watching for just such an action, Bassam stays glued to the spot, watching the inevitable. FERRIS, too, watches NIZAR, hating himself... And now, NIZAR sees the men approaching him, one with an AK wrapped in a towel. NIZAR runs, pulling a pistol, a terrible weapon with a taped handle. As he turns to defend himself, the guys, shouting, open fire massively, with horrific civilian casualties... NIZAR, hit deliberately in the legs, falls into the dust along with his pistol. As he reaches for it, it’s snatched away... BASSAM stares. An IRAQI ARMY ARMORED VEHICLE is trying to come through the crowd 50-yards away, blowing a klaxon... FERRIS fights through the crowd toward NIZAR who's lying on the ground, still alive. As he’s picked up like a doll -- legs broken, calling for help, struggling -- and lifted toward the back of an open Jeep, Bassam intercepts Ferris, drags at him. Sotto voce, Arabic:
17) 3) dialog: Boss, we gotta go. We lost him. We gotta go, man, we gotta go. FERRIS looks towards the Iraqi armored vehicle, coming closer. Looks around at the crowd: no one watching him. Everyone running. (CONTINUED)
18) 4) text: EXT. BASSAM’S APARTMENT —- BALCONY 4l FERRIS, sweaty, dirty, on the balcony of BASSAM’'S APARTMENT. Bassam sits near him, shook up. Nothing from Ferris. Behind him in the apartment BASSAM’S WIFE feeds the baby, unaware of any drama. (CONTINUED)
21) 0) text: BASSAM, hearing the distant shots, peers through binoculars at Ferris running toward the fire. Into his Bluetooth --
21) 1) dialog: Urgent request you dispatch Chili, Speck, or Nitrate to these coordinates. (gives them) This is a live target, a known operating base of an Al-Saleem cell.
25) 0) text: A MAN FROZEN IN PLACE, gun in hand, not raised, above a trip line leading to a nail bomb not completely concealed under a blanket. FERRIS rips him with an automatic burst, then spins in to cover behind the wall as the MAN falls across the trip-wire. An explosion of shrapnel rocks the place, blowing holes in the cinder-blocks. FERRIS, head ringing, choking on dust, scrambles to scrape more SIM cards off a table, looks through a window and sees two cars churning up the dust, heading for the house, and BASSAM driving up by the kitchen door. FERRIS grabs a few more things near the fire, shoves them into a plastic grocery bag, and jumps into the car.
26) 0) text: BASSAM hits the gas. The car races up the rutted road, the chase car after them. Ahead, FERRIS sees: A YELLOW CHEVY, waiting on the shoulder of the main road. FERRIS takes out his pistol, cocks it, holds it in his lap. They are nearing the intersection.
27) 0) text: The RENAULT bursts onto the road, barely missing a DUMP TRUCK, which, for its part, intersects with a burst of automatic fire meant for the RENAULT. BASSAM straightens out... FERRIS has bought time as the Chevy's bloody driver is replaced. The CHEVY gives chase again, followed by the other CHASE CAR, bursting from the dirt road. With a very brief lead, FERRIS is on the phone...
28) 0) text: The ROCKET broadsides the Renault’s driver’s side door. The windows implode, FERRIS’ face and T-shirt splashed with blood, peppered with shrapnel. Bassam, taking the full impact of the blast is... gone... blown apart -- there’s no one where he just was driving.
34) 0) text: BASSAM’S WIFE, in mourning clothes, sits with Ferris, her 2-year-old daughter asleep in a stroller next to her. In Arabic, subtitled, resigned to these facts: