68) 4) dialog: Where’s Hoffman?
68) 8) dialog: He trusts you. (meaning, to send you here alone) I don’t trust him. Whenever you run an operation and don’t see Hoffman, it means he’s running another operation. The BlackBerry chimes softly. Garland glances at the incoming text message.
68) 9) dialog: I’m tracking a cell in Syria. They were in Damascus last night. Today, Dayr-az-Zor, on their way to the Iraqi border. But something tells me they aren't going to make it to Husbaya. We have ninjas waiting.
68) 11) dialog: Nobody. Fruit? Ferris isn’t sure what he means.
68) 12) dialog: Do you want some fruit? An apple. Orange. Some berries.
69) 2) dialog: I’m not sure what you mean.
69) 4) dialog: No. It’s me -- and you. Garland chooses a fat strawberry from a bowl. (CONTINUED)
69) 7) dialog: You expected a war room? Flashing lights and people running through with clipboards? It’s all here -- (holds up BlackBerry) And here -- (a laptop) And here -- (his head) You’‘re sure you don’t want some (fruit).
69) 10) dialog: A straw man. Receiving money. Making plans. lLet’s start with him. GARLAND plops onto an Aeron chair, clicks a remote. As the BIRD flies across a plasma screen, a Powerpoint presentation comes up. Garland clicks through earnest middle-aged male Arab faces...
69) 11) dialog: No... no... no... no... Maybe here’s your man. We see a passport photograph on the screen of a pious, somewhat bland zealot.
69) 12) dialog: His name is Omar Sadiki. He's Jordanian. An architect. Most of his commissions come from Islamic charitable groups who also send money to jihadists. He’s got every jihadist signifier... Except he’s innocent. FERRIS steps up to the screen. Regarding the callus on the middle of Sadiki’s forehead. (CONTINUED)
69) 19) dialog: I wonder what that’s like. So does Ferris probably. He hasn’t believed in anything since he was five.
69) 21) dialog: (looks at Ferris like he must be daft) Money. INT. FERRIS’ DC HOTEL ROOM - DAY 107AA FERRIS cell phone rings. He answers.
88) 0) text: The attachments begin downloading onto Garland’s laptop, the icons appearing one by one on his desktop -- EXT. SADIKI’S ISLAMIC HOTEL - SAME TIME - NIGHT 136 Sadiki pulls his car up to the entrance of his hotel, tells the valet to keep it running, he’1ll be right back. INT. SADIKI’S ROOM - SAME TIME - NIGHT 137 Ferris has moved on to hard-drive files, sending them all to Garland while he talks to him on the phone --
88) 1) dialog: This is useful. An email list for the Brothers of Awareness. (CONTINUED)
88) 6) dialog: The Ikhwan Ishfan.
89) 1) dialog: It's just a study group of believers at his mosque but I can make it look like anything.
89) 3) dialog: Make fake accounts for half a dozen of the brothers and start transferring money to them from Sadiki’s fake receiver account. Small operational sums. INT. SADIKI’S ROOM - SAME TIME - NIGHT 140
89) 5) dialog: They leak to jihadists.
90) 3) dialog: doing so.
90) 5) dialog: (amused) That's good Arabic. What’s the Fig Orchard?
90) 7) dialog: It will create chatter, but it’1l have to be big to get Al-Saleem’s attention.
92) 0) text: Garland steps carefully around his garden, tending strawberry plants.
105) 0) text: Garland reaches for a cell phone playing a tinny version of Mozart’s Piano Concerto No. 24.
105) 1) dialog: Ferris...
105) 3) dialog: I can’t say ‘It’s been real.’ But you know what I mean. FERRIS, uncomfortable, hangs up. Garland sits at his laptop. He pastes an Arabic message into an open “Sadiki” email file. Message reads (subtitle it): “In the name of God, the Merciful God, the compassionate, we tell you that the Brothers of Awareness have completed against the Crusaders an operation that has struck at the heart of their evil designs...” INT. SADIKI’S OFFICES (RIYADH) - NIGHT 167 Sadiki and a couple of assistant architects are working late on the “Hayes Andover Bank” revisions. At his computer, Sadiki is scrolling down a list of insulation manufacturers when a chime alerts him he has a new incoming e-mail message. Not a man who gets a lot of e- mail, Sadiki is intrigued to see that he has 1,298 messages downloading. “Omar, I don't understand. What is this?" Sadiki opens the first message, from JIHADBOY2, and reads (subtitle it): “Congratulations brother in your endeavors to destroy the great Satan.” (CONTINUED)