38) 0) text: A complex flying the black flag of the Moukhabarat, with Arabic script reading “Justice Has Come.” INT. HANI’S ROOMS - DAY 68 The long room is decorated with portraits of Jordan's king and his father. HANI is cool. Lustrous black hair. Bit of gray in his mustache. Beautiful tailoring, polished shoes. He’s Chief of Jordan’s GID -- General Intelligence Directorate. An ormolu clock ticks.
38) 2) dialog: That is an Ottoman term.
38) 6) dialog: How do you like Jordan?
38) 8) dialog: You are smarter than the Americans who are usually sent to Amman. (FERRIS bristling slightly) I knew that, of course, before you came... (hands Ferris the tea) Welcome to Jordan. A ‘promising’ country, you will find. As reliable as what Edward would call a ‘towelhead monarchy’ can be. And what have you heard about this building? (NOTE -- Let’s remember about FERRIS that he’s on his first big job with people of this caliber: but he’s got balls.)
38) 10) dialog: You know, people are foolish. Torture doesn’t work. Under torture any man will say any thing to make the pain stop. You know this from experience, I am sure. And HANI is sure. He’s not using a turn of phrase. FERRIS doesn't answer. Thinking about things he’s done. Things we know about. Things we don’t. They gravitate to the window where Hani sips his tea, and:
38) 11) dialog: On a clear night you can see Jerusalem.
38) 15) dialog: On a clear night, you can see Jerusalem. (turning more cheerfully) Here in Jordan we are caught between Iraq and a hard place. (a beat) To the fundamentalists I am myself an enemy. Perhaps the worst. (raises palms) ) ‘Take not the Jews and Christians as allies...’ Do you know it, Mister Ferris?
38) 17) dialog: The Dar al’ Harb. (a beat) Very good. You know we are at war.
38) 19) dialog: How shall we begin, with such an immodest plan. Silence. FERRIS commits.
38) 24) dialog: This is unusual. Your Ed Hoffman would rather have less information than share what he has with me.
38) 26) dialog: I have one rule, my dear, if we are to cooperate: Never lie to me. FERRIS nods, but HANI, wanting more assurance, stares into his face:
38) 27) dialog: Never -- lie -- to me. FERRIS nods again, gravely. He hears him.
38) 28) dialog: You will have your agents.
48) 0) text: HANI and FERRIS are walking along a basement corridor.
48) 1) dialog: The safehouse is still there. As for the man you killed... FERRIS looks at Hani. (CONTINUED)
48) 6) dialog: If you had not killed him, Marwan would have. You were right. You made a good decision. Listen to your ustaaz Hani. The jihadists believe it was a robbery. There are many robberies in that district. You are very clever, my dear.
48) 8) dialog: I have spoken to Edward, very sharply. Now, we will explain the King’s espionage laws to Mr. Hoffman’s agent. THROUGH A WINDOW AT GID: we and FERRIS see ZAYED IBISHI waiting terrified in a cell. JZAYED’s PANTS are pulled down and his wrists are cuffed to a table. MARWAN bends a RATTAN to prepare it, breaking it into sharp crackling strips.
48) 10) dialog: This is punishment, my dear. An entirely different matter. Tell Edward what you have seen. MARWAN starts in with a hundred of the best. INT. FERRIS’ APARTMENT (AMMAN) - NIGHT TIA FERRIS is in bed, his leg iced. He uses the remote to switch off the TV, the lights. Then his silenced cell phone lights up. He looks at the caller ID, hesitates, then opens it. No sound other than heavy breathing.
48) 31) dialog: Fishing. HANI is immaculate in a black suit.
48) 35) dialog: Get in.
50) 3) dialog: Since no credit was claimed in Amsterdam, we know it was Al- Saleem. That’s his signature. Anonymity. We -- may I say ‘we’? --
50) 5) dialog: -- need a man inside the Amman cell.
50) 7) dialog: We shall have the man we need. Ferris’ look says to him, “seriously?” Hani nods.
50) 8) dialog: You gave me one.
50) 13) dialog: I’ve known Mustafa Karami since he was a teenager selling stolen boomboxes from the back of a truck. Now he’s AQ. In my country. Hani lights a Sherman with a beautiful gold lighter etched with swords and his initials.
50) 14) dialog: Watch and learn, my dear. We see the eyes of HANI’S DRIVER glance up in the rearview mirror.
51) 0) text: MUSTAFA KARAMI, a black bag over his head, kneels in the dust, hands tied, while around him stand GID men, talking, smoking. Nearby is an SUV with an old bicycle on top. HANI’S CARAVAN OF MERCEDES move into a half circle, dust blowing, making a little amphitheater. Hani and Ferris and security men get out, all in sunglasses. HANI's fine SHOES step through the sand towards KARAMI. FERRIS watches as he crouches before the blindfolded man. In Arabic, subtitled:
51) 1) dialog: Hello, Mustafa, my friend. It’s me. God is great.
51) 3) dialog: You did not think to tell Hani Salaam that you are a jihadist? Silence. KARAMI is terrified. (CONTINUED)
51) 7) dialog: You have become a religious man. A pious man. No longer a thief. You had bad luck in the world. It is so with many religious. Or perhaps you are still not so pious. But you still love your mother... MARWAN cuts the bonds on KARAMI’S WRISTS. A significant act. The trembling hands, freed. HANI crouches, and gently:
51) 8) dialog: I have someone who wants to talk to you. Take this phone. Please. It is only a phone. Take it. (puts it in Karami’s hand) Take the phone and talk to your mother. I will dial the phone. Your mother has a new telephone number, in her new apartment. KARAMI takes the phone. HANI walks back to Ferris. While KARAMI talks on the cell in the middle distance: FERRIS is
51) 9) dialog: His mother was in the Palestinian camps. Now she has a fine apartment. A garden... beginning to smile.
51) 11) dialog: She will tell him that she is proud of him. That she always knew he would be a success, even as a little boy in the refugee camps. And now he has sent her money, she is glad he is no longer mixed up with the radicals. FERRIS grins. We can tinnily hear KARAMI’S MOTHER, a voluble woman, going on and on, not realizing that her son is in the desert with a bag on his head.
51) 12) dialog: She can sit in a chair and watch the sun set over the hills. She has a refrigerator, a couch. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
51) 16) dialog: Even a television set. He is a great son, thanks to God. KARAMI is crying.
51) 18) dialog: You are God’s blessing to your mother, Mustafa. You did none of those things for her. But you should have. A mother, and that she should live in peace, is more important than anything they have told you. In the future you will be better. We have given her many gifts and we have told her these gifts come from her son. This is a hasanna we have done. A good deed. THE BAG is removed from KARAMI’S head.
51) 20) dialog: Continue your life! Be a good Muslim! Do not be detected as my friend. You know what happens to those who are detected.
51) 22) dialog: We will think of it in time. Continue your life, with your brothers in Al Quaeda. We will devise a way to talk. MUSTAFA embraces HANI’s legs.
51) 26) dialog: So we throw him back in the sea to swim where he naturally swims and learn what he naturally learns, and see how long he remembers my benevolence.
51) 28) dialog: If he forgets, I remind him I hold the power of life and death over him. Anytime I wish I can let them know he works for me. HANI looks around at his guys.
51) 29) dialog: Did we bring anything to eat?
52) 0) text: A hipster place. Electroclash music pounding at the walls from inside, spilling out with German post-punks onto the sidewalk. A CAR parked nearby. Two shaven Turks in sunglasses, young men who could easily be from the club. But, as they get out of the car we see one has wet his pants. The other one takes out a cell phone as they come past the club. When they reach the corner he consults numbers scribbled on a piece of paper and presses them into the phone... but nothing happens. He tries again... They start back toward the club and the van, the Turk looking at the single reception bar on his phone as he keeps pressing the “resend button.” Suddenly, he gets 4 bars and the car detonates -- and -- A CCTV camera’s view of the huge explosion whites out, then goes to black... EXT./INT. FERRIS’ APARTMENT (AMMAN) - NIGHT 90 FERRIS, back from work at the embassy (different clothes from his excursion with HANI -- we may want to insert a bit of Ferris watching the bombing at work) climbs from his car and heads for his apartment, phone earpiece in -- (CONTINUED)
54) 0) text: HOFFMAN, FERRIS, HANI, the staring MARWAN and tea service.
54) 5) dialog: Karami.
54) 7) dialog: Why are you frustrated, Edward?
54) 12) dialog: Urgency does not call for changing methods which work, for methods which do not work.
54) 14) dialog: In matters of intelligence, you are speaking to the King. Edward.
54) 16) dialog: You can’t have it. I’m sorry. I could tell you we will run him jointly, but it wouldn’t be the truth. Real intelligence operations stay secret forever. You Americans cannot understand that. You are incapable of secrecy, because you are a democracy. I know my business and have never failed you in the past. Have I.
54) 18) dialog: Karami is my asset, Edward. I intend to keep him that way.
54) 22) dialog: You’re missing the point. Karami would not know where he is. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
54) 25) dialog: It is not the way the organization operates. You care about the French?
54) 27) dialog: I‘1l ask him what he knows -- when it is time. I agree, Ed, to ask him your superfluous question. Are you happy? angry, takes a file from his briefcase. Sets a picture down on the table: An Arab man in a knitted prayer cap.
54) 29) dialog: It’s a recent photograph of Al-Saleem. FERRIS looks at the picture then at HOFFMAN.
54) 32) dialog: Ma’alesh. FERRIS looks at Ed.
64) 0) text: SEAGULLS and VULTURES tear at black plastic bags and rubbish. Fires burn here and there. Everything you can think of has been discarded. FERRIS is pulled out of the GID car, and pushed towards HANI, who looks especially elegant, set against the garbage dump.
64) 1) dialog: Marwan showed you the burning house? (as Ferris nods) Do you know what happened?
64) 3) dialog: You could've said yes or no. Simply that. When a man says more than yes or no, I wonder. (CONTINUED)
64) 7) dialog: We had the advantage. That house could have led us to Al-Saleem. Now it’s gone. And everything in it.
64) 9) dialog: I told you, never lie to me.
64) 11) dialog: You didn’t know -- that after all I said to you -- and Edward -- this man tried to take Karami.
64) 13) dialog: (calmly, to SKIP) When I speak to you, I’1l look at you. I’m talking to Mr. Ferris now. (to Ferris) In as few words as possible... did you know?
64) 15) dialog: I don’t believe you. Leave Jordan. Hani calmly walks to his car and climbs in. Marwan and the other GID men follow. The cars drive off leaving Ferris and SKIP alone in the dump. (CONTINUED)
79) 0) text: FERRIS is escorted to a Mercedes and “helped” into the back seat where HANI waits.
79) 1) dialog: I wanted to tell you I’m sorry how we left things. I was upset.
79) 3) dialog: Where did you go? Ferris quickly decides not to lie.
79) 5) dialog: Ah, Dubai. The money-laundering mecca for AQ. And therefore, the safest place in the Middle East.
79) 8) dialog: Much deserved. But I’m happy you're back. (returns the passport) Miss Aisha, too, I think, will be happy you’re back. (off Ferris’ frown) We’re not watching you, we're watching out for you. The one you should worry about is Edward... Edward and his plans. Which could get you in trouble. Again.
79) 12) dialog: No? I don’t have to worry about what I don’t know? No more stupid escapades like Karami?
79) 14) dialog: That’s good. But HANI doesn’t believe it for a second. He smiles.
79) 16) dialog: What are Ed Hoffman's plans now for Al-Saleem? Always with Ed, I hear him breathing. But I do not see him. That bothers me. FERRIS can say nothing.
79) 17) dialog: Don’t worry. I am not going to try to recruit you. But I want you to understand something. Do not make further mistakes in Jordan.
79) 19) dialog: I will remember that expression of friendship. This is a part of the world where friendship matters. It can save your life. FERRIS’ car pulls ahead of HANI’s car, along with two escort police cars with lights flickering.
79) 20) dialog: Your luggage has been collected. They will escort you to your house. FERRIS nods, and gets out of the car.
79) 21) dialog: Welcome home, my dear. We will talk about how we shall cooperate in the future. (CONTINUED)
85) 12) dialog: This was taken last week at the Cyclone Club in Dubai. This man is a well-known AQ financier. If that is not a contradiction in terms. This -- (the other man) -- is a Jordanian, an architect named Omar Sadiki. No known terrorist ties. FERRIS hopes his poker face is straight enough. Sadiki and Al-Masri must have hit it off and run off afterwards to a club, after all of Sadiki’s pious bullshit... but how on earth, he wonders, does Hani have the photo.
85) 13) dialog: The question I ask myself, is what are they doing together... apart from the obvious. Is this Sadiki more than he claims to be? He travels a lot, building mosques and shopping malls. At the least I'd say he’s worth examination. By us. By ‘we.’ Allies, correct?
85) 15) dialog: A friend in Saudi intelligence.
85) 17) dialog: No. Take it. I want you to have it. We’re partners.
102) 14) dialog: Yes, all none of them. Still, Christmas is for everyone. Here in Jordan, everyone has Christmas trees. Hani pours Ferris a small glass of something.
102) 15) dialog: Eggnog!
102) 17) dialog: You be the judge. FERRIS sips: It is stiff with liquor.
102) 18) dialog: First of all, my greatest sympathies to the families of the Incirlik victims.
102) 20) dialog: Second, I think I can help. Hani pulls a picture from a file and lays it before Ferris: A passport photo of OMAR SADIKI. And a Turkish Customs printout with the date.
102) 22) dialog: The same. Only now I think he may have had something to do with this bombing. He was in Turkey on Wednesday, meeting with this man -- an engineer who we know is also an explosives expert. (CONTINUED)
102) 25) dialog: Naturally, you can do whatever you want with this information, but if I were you I’d leave Sadiki in place and see what he brings.
102) 27) dialog: Yes. It’s my Christmas gift to you. Use it wisely.
116) 0) text: FERRIS knows where he is going. Comes past MARWAN, sitting at the bar and heads into the back of the place where Hani is entertaining a gorgeous Indian woman. FERRIS stands and stares at HANI. If Hani knows anything, he is an impeccable actor. The Indian woman realizes it is time to visit the ladies room. After she’s gone:
116) 2) dialog: That is impossible...
116) 4) dialog: Because it would mean you sat in my office and lied to me to my face. Ferris doesn’t bother apologizing, and Hani doesn’t expect him to.
116) 6) dialog: You have lied to me. I will not help you. Goodbye. 188 CHATTER 9/21/07 -- PINK 119.
135) 44) dialog: Help him. Ferris feels someone cutting the nylon ties behind his back, but not much else, not even the deep rough jab of the morphine syringe into his neck... INT. A HOSPITAL ROOM — DAY 208 FERRIS is sitting up on crisp hospital bed sheets, ina private room, face battered, but cleaned and stitched. A NURSE enters, and Ferris glimpses a SOLDIER in the hallway before the door closes again.
135) 48) dialog: I am Hani Salaam. I can smoke anywhere I like, my dear. He sits with his unlit cigar. Waits for her to leave. Lights it up with his gold lighter and looks at Ferris. (CONTINUED)
135) 52) dialog: You can always tell who cares about you most by who comes first to visit you in a hospital. I think I’m first. Which, however, would not be difficult because no one else knows where you are. Ferris nods; Hani bats at cigar smoke with his hand. Hani looks around for something to use as an ashtray, draws a small plastic wastebasket closer with his shoe.
135) 53) dialog: Edward couldn’t find you. With all his aircraft. All his people. All his money... How did I do it?
135) 55) dialog: My compliments. (a beat) It is clear why Edward finds you so valuable. (blows smoke) I’m sorry I was late. A few minutes later? I shudder to think. FERRIS’ hand grabs Hani by the collar of his nice shirt. Hani doesn’t resist. Thinking Hani might have been deliberately a little too late.
135) 57) dialog: Not at all. I explained that it was for reasons of state security. I was very polite.
135) 59) dialog: She gives blood every month. She is a thoughtful woman. FERRIS loosens his grip on him. Hani shrugs like, no mystery there. (CONTINUED)
135) 64) dialog: I have explained to her that you tried to give your life for hers. That goes very far with women. Indeed with people in general. I think she will talk to you again. FERRIS smiles.
135) 66) dialog: Perhaps... you can give her that. Is it a job offer?
135) 68) dialog: You are a hero, my dear. Perhaps not so much as me. But we shall not be overwhelmed by vanity. Ed shall find a way to have all the credit. We shall let him have it. Hani stands.
136) 0) text: ARMORED SUVS and ear-pieced SECURITY outside an unfrequented trattoria strangely like the one across from the Berber Palace. INT. THE RESTAURANT —- CONTINUOUS ACTION 210 HOFFMAN sits looking at Ferris, waiting for the answer to the same question Hani asked ...
138) 1) dialog: For you, or for a friend? Ferris sees Hani picking through fruit at another stall, not looking at him, like he’s talking to himself --
138) 2) dialog: Because if they’re for someone important -- and I have a feeling they are -- I should show you where you can get better ones.
138) 7) dialog: You’re thinking like me now. That could be dangerous. Are you sure you do not have Arab blood?
138) 9) dialog: The war will go on with or without you -- which is it going to be, do you think? With or without you? If there’s one thing Ferris isn’t certain of, it’s that.
138) 10) dialog: You're right. Don’t answer that yet. Live life. Enjoy the pastry and the company of your friend. We can talk later. You know where to find me. Here, take these strawberries. They will make up for your inferior konafa. Hani gives him a bag of strawberries and disappears into the marketplace. Ferris wanders off the other way, comes around a stall and notices a guy he immediately pegs as an agent. The guy turns away; Ferris browses at produce.