24) 0) text: The man has died in the filthy kitchen. Flies are already finding his blood, which is all over the tiles. FERRIS moves past him into the living area. Mattresses, a wretched TV, pile of porn tapes. He finds a bunch of phones, SIM cards, flashdrives in a shoebox. As he claws them into his pockets, he turns to see an unarmed BOY in the doorway. Some sort of servant of the jihadists. Infected sore at the corner of his mouth. FERRIS is aiming the carbine at him.
31) 0) text: FERRIS lies upside down, held by the seat belt, lacerated with bits of shrapnel and glass, blood trickling, covered with dirt, trying to reach for his dropped pistol... ON SOUND WE HEAR: HELICOPTER ROTORS. EXT. ROAD NEAR JIHADIST’S VILLA - DAY 55 The second car and armed men trying to get out of it are torn to pieces by another CANNON from the BLACKHAWK. It then wheels and finishes off the YELLOW CHEVY. EXT. ROAD NEAR JIHADIST’S VILLA - DAY 56 A SECOND BLACKHAWK lands a SPECIAL FORCES TEAM which instantly sets up a perimeter, while a MEDIC heads for the car, his HELMETED HEAD appearing at FERRIS’ window.
41) 0) text: The back streets get “back street” very quickly... Music from houses. Barking dogs. Boys kicking a soccer ball down the alley. Ferris gains on the Jihadist, who trots around a corner. FERRIS turns the corner and... is cut at with a knife -- his shirt slashed open.
41) 1) dialog: (in Arabic) Help! Help me! FERRIS tries to shush him, calm him down, though in truth he did come to kill him. A woman in a headscarf looks out her doorway. A man in a singlet comes chewing to a window. Ferris with regret but in two moves disarms the JIHADIST, and then in a third move kills him with his own knife as the WOMAN watches open-mouthed. FERRIS quickly takes the dead man’s papers and wallet. BOYS gather at the end of the alley. FERRIS, trapped, sees a wall with broken glass embedded on top and goes over it, cutting his hands, drops into --
43) 0) text: FERRIS hurries past the dead Jihadist, emerges onto another street, limping along outlandishly, bleeding. No one touches him. Into his cell --
104) 2) dialog: Why you come to Mu’tah? To spy on Muslim people?
104) 4) dialog: Take him out the back. They open a door to the storeroom as... FERRIS breaks the nearest man’s jaw with the heel of his hand. We hear the sloppy pop of the sidewards dislocation. He headbutts the next man, sending him down, and knees him in the face. The KNIFEMAN is disarmed in one move and FERRIS pins him against the wall with the stiletto at his throat, held straight on, ready to punch in, a straight puncture.
104) 9) dialog: I have made a mistake. It is customary...