35) 2) dialog: I brought this car in case you wanted to cruise the safehouse before.
35) 4) dialog: You’re in a high-rise. Hot and cold water, plus you can drink it. Not much local color though. (CONTINUED)
35) 9) dialog: Exterminate the brutes? FERRIS looks at him.
37) 25) dialog: To be fair to Mr. Holiday, Mr. Ferris, Mr. Hoffman didn’t tell us this was such a big deal.
39) 0) text: FERRIS, sitting in a ratty vehicle at an edge of the marketplace, eating food from a stall, bits of fish and rice with a wooden paddle, stares through sunglasses at: THE SAFEHOUSE: three stories of cinder-block in a row of other houses. A woman in a black headscarf hangs laundry on the roof. SKIP comes through the crowd, gets into the car.
39) 1) dialog: I’m not sure about this GID surveillance. I don’t see any of Hani’s guys.
39) 6) dialog: That’s one of our guys.
39) 8) dialog: A station asset. Zayed Ibishi. He’s one of our contacts in the Palestinian camps. ZAYED follows the JIHADIST through the crowd and the JIHADIST is terrified, anxious to lose him: this is a security breach!
46) 0) text: A phone line holding. SKIP gives a sign through the glass wall and FERRIS grabs up the handset.
57) 0) text: MUSTAFA KARAMI is heading somewhere, presumably away from the safehouse. As he enters a narrow alley: Watching him is SKIP, sitting behind the wheel of a mud- caked car, cord dangling from his ear.
57) 1) dialog: All right, here we go. Take him. As Karami sees four men step out of doorways in front of him, Skip’s car screeches INTO VIEW behind, blocking his exit.
64) 12) dialog: He didn’t (know) -- Hani backhands SKIP so fast and hard, it chokes his last word and almost knocks him from his feet.
64) 19) dialog: Ferris! FERRIS keeps walking. VULTURES hop closer to SKIP.
64) 20) dialog: Ferris! Ferris!
108) 7) text: FERRIS climbs into a waiting SUV. TONY, in front, hands a gun and ammunition back to Ferris, and pulls the car away. SKIP is sitting nervously beside FERRIS.
109) 0) text: The SUV pulls to the curb. Tony indicates a particular house down the block. Ferris climbs out tucking his gun in the waistband behind his back. SKIP and Tony clip their own guns and stay in the car. As Ferris walks toward the house, he notices another parked car with a couple guys in it. Could be anyone, but he keeps an eye on them as he keeps going. The front door of the house opens and Sadiki steps out looking scared to death. He heads quickly for his car, parked the other way from where Ferris is coming...
113) 0) text: Ferris gets a snack from a vending machine, carries it down a corridor to a door guarded by TONY and Saudi security, goes inside and sits. SKIP, who has survived, sleeps, flanked by IVs. Ferris’ phone rings.