3) 0) text: In the staff room, a new arrival listens to the succinct comments of an older member of staff, OLIVIER, on the different students in a second-year class as he runs through a list.
4) 56) dialog: A clue.
4) 80) dialog: Yeah, Bill, Ben, Bob..
4) 84) dialog: Mamadou, Bintou...
5) 37) dialog: He’s gonna visit the corridors.
5) 39) dialog: He'll be back in a week! I’m going with him!
6) 0) text: From a high angle, we see the students horsing around during the break. Souleymane is taking photos with his cell phone.
6) 26) dialog: Shut up! Swammed is... 26.
7) 50) dialog: They have more to pass on.
7) 136) dialog: Goodbye, sir.
8) 0) text: It’s night time. We are in the meeting room. The tables have been set out in a U-shape. Five or six teachers, a member of the school’s administration, parents’ representatives, two students (a boy and a girl from year four) are present.
8) 4) text: PARENTS’ REP #2 (CONT'D) You always condemn the students but never praise them.
12) 0) text: One evening after the day’s classes, Frangois, sitting at his desk, sees the students’ parents one by one. We see a series of portraits of the students’ parents. Some defend their offspring tooth and nail, others demand greater severity with their children and others still seem totally indifferent to what Frangois has to say. WEY’S PARENTS seem to be concentrating hard and hanging on Frangois’ every word but the looks on their faces show that they don’t understand.
13) 0) text: The students wait in the corridor outside the computer room. Souleymane is showing the others some photos on his cell phone. We see views of his apartment and of him clowning around with his friends. His classmates are impressed by the quality of the photos but start laughing when they see a photo of Souleymane’s mother, particularly tense and glum in front of the camera.
13) 3) dialog: Shit, she’s an ugly old crow! 62.
15) 18) dialog: Right on, dude!
15) 20) dialog: You're the sheep here!
17) 0) text: Around a table set out in a U-shape, the class meeting brings together all the teachers that work with the class, members of the school’s administration and a parents' representative. As for the students, they are represented by Esmeralda and Louise who keep chattering together in low voices.
17) 114) dialog: That’s bad!
26) 0) text: The students start to form into their classes as they continue to horse about in the yard. 103.
33) 0) text: Souleymane and his mother cross the yard to the exit. From the window, Frangois watches them go. INT. CLASS —- DAY For the students’ final class, the atmosphere is relaxed. We can sense that the tension of the year has eased. The students are like actors after a show. Frangois invites the students to weigh up the past year: what they have learned, what they particularly liked.
33) 66) dialog: What is it?
34) 0) text: In the yard, we find the students, teachers and members of the administrative staff caught up in a soccer match. The adolescents are virtually hysterical at the idea of tackling their teachers.