2) 0) text: ELIZABETH SWANN, strawberry blond hair, stands at the bow railing, gazing at the seas, still singing --
2) 1) dialog: ...drink up me hearties, yo, ho... JOSHAMEE GIBBS, who was born old, skin a dark leather, clutches her shoulder, startling her.
2) 8) dialog: I think it would be rather exciting to meet a pirate.
2) 12) dialog: Actually, I find it all fascinating.
2) 14) dialog: Yes, father. Chastised, she turns away, to look out over the bow rail.
2) 15) dialog: (to herself) I still think it would be exciting to meet a pirate... The fog still hems in the ship; very little of the sea is visible -- -- but suddenly, a FIGURE comes into view. A young boy, WILL TURNER, floating on his back in the otherwise empty water. There is nothing to show where he came from, or ho he came to be there.
2) 16) dialog: Look!   A boy! In the water! Norrington and Swann spot him --
2) 18) dialog: Boy overboard!
2) 29) dialog: My name is Elizabeth Swann.
2) 31) dialog: I'm watching over you, Will. He clutches her hands, then slips back into unconsciousness. His movement has opened the collar of his shirt; Elizabet sees he wears a chain around his neck. She tugs it free, revealing-- A GOLD MEDALLION.   One side is blank.   She turns it ove A SKULL gazes up at her. Vaguely Aztec in design, but to her eyes, it means one thing only:
2) 32) dialog: You're a pirate. She glances back at the crew.   Sees Norrington, giving orders, moving toward her. She looks back at Will -- comes to a quick decision. Take the medallion from around his neck. Hides it under her coat. Norrington arrives.
2) 34) dialog: His name is Will Turner -- that's all I found out.
3) 0) text: -- and then snap open again, startled wide with fear. But this is no longer twelve-year-old Elizabeth standing the stern of the Dauntless; this is twenty-year-old Elizabeth, lying in bed in the dark. She remains motionless (were the images we just saw a nightmare, or a jumbled childhood memory?) Elizabeth slowly looks as far out the corner of her eyes possible without moving. Might there be someone in the room with her, looming over her? She turns, ready for anything.   She is alone. Elizabeth sits up, turns up the flame on an oil lamp besides the canopied bed. She carries the lamp across the room to a dressing table, sits down. She pulls one of the small drawers all the way out, reach into a space beneath it and removes -- The MEDALLION. She has kept it all this time. It has not lost its luster -- or its sense of menace. She gazes at i as she absently returns the draw to its place -- A BOOMING knock on the door;    Elizabeth jumps up, start knocking over her chair.
3) 2) dialog: Yes -- yes. She puts the medallion on, throws on a dressing gown as Swann enters, carrying a large box. A uniformed maid, ESTRELLA, follows.
3) 5) dialog: It's -- beautiful. May I inquire as to the occasion?
3) 8) dialog: Ceremony?
3) 10) dialog: I knew it.
3) 13) dialog: Difficult ... to say.
3) 15) dialog: (holding her breath) Women in London must have learned to not breath. Estrella is finished.   Elizabeth takes a breath -- and winces. A butler appears in the doorway of the room.
4) 9) dialog: Will! It's so good to see you! Her hand goes to the chain around her throat (the medalli is hidden in the bodice of her dress).
4) 10) dialog: I dreamt about you last night. Will reacts with surprise: "Really?
4) 12) dialog: (ignores her father) About the day we met. Do you remember?
4) 14) dialog: Will, how many times must I ask you to call me 'Elizabeth'?
4) 17) dialog: Good day, Mr. Turner.
5) 0) text: Swann follows Elizabeth out the door.
8) 0) text: With choreographed precision, Swann removes the sword and scabbard from the presentation case, held by a uniformed Navy man. He slides the sword into the scabbard, holds it out vertically to Norrington, in full dress uniform. Norrington grasps the scabbard above Swann's hand, and Swann lets go. Norrington draws the sword, flourishes the sword, and snaps the blade up in front of his face. Swann steps forward, pins a medal to Norrington's jacket, steps back. Norrington nods, turns smartly and nods to his fellow officers, turns again and nods to the audience - dignitaries, merchants, plantation owners, their families Another flourish, and he returns the sword to its scabbar The silence is broken by loud APPLAUSE. Backslapping from the Navy men. In the audience, Elizabeth doesn't look so good, out beneath the hot sun. She applauds briefly, then winces. Discreetly tries to adjust the corset through the materia of the dress, then resumes clapping, trying to hide her discomfort.
10) 0) text: Elizabeth, pale and perspiring, fans herself weakly, oblivious to the music and chatter.
10) 5) dialog: I can't breathe.
11) 0) text: Jack reacts, pushes Murtogg aside to see - Elizabeth plummets from the top of the cliff. It seems to take her a long time to reach the sea -- Elizabeth hits the water, narrowly missing the sharp rock A wave breaks, and then she is washed out away from the cliff, struggling feebly. AT THE FORT, Norrington looks down --
15) 0) text: UNDERWATER: the medallion hangs below Elizabeth's unmovin form - - and then Jack is there. He wraps an arm around h and makes for the surface. ON THE SURFACE, Jack swims toward the dock, struggling. I is .: far more difficult than it should be. He stops stroking, and they submerge. UNDERWATER: Jack realizes that   it is Elizabeth's heavy velvet dress that is weighing   them down. He pulls at th buttons on the back, and they   give way. He skins her ou the dress, and kicks away from   it. The dress falls like a cloud into darkness - ON THE SURFACE: Jack swims with Elizabeth, much more quickly. AT THE DOCK, Murtogg and Mullroy are there to help haul Elizabeth out of the water. Jack climbs up, exhausted. Elizabeth is on her back; Murtogg holds her arms above her head, pumping them. Mullroy puts his cheek to her nose and mouth.
15) 8) dialog: Yes -- yes, I'm fine -- Commodore Norrington, do you intend to kill my rescuer? Norrington looks at Jack. Jack nods as best he can with a blade beneath his chin. Norrington sheathes his sword, an extends his hand.
15) 23) dialog: Commodore, I must protest. Pirate or not, this man saved my life.
15) 33) dialog: (as she works) You are despicable.
15) 37) dialog: Yes, I'm all right, I'm fine! Go capture him. Norrington's taken aback by her ire, and wisely hurries away. Swann drapes his coat around Elizabeth.
15) 39) dialog: Thank you, Father ... and let that be the last of your fashion advice, please. But she accepts his comforting embrace.
19) 0) text: A maid removes a bed warmer from the fireplace, slides it between the sheets at the end of Elizabeth's bed.
19) 1) dialog: Nice and toasty. Thank you, Estrellia. The maid nods, exits. Elizabeth opens a book, begins reading, toying absently with the medallion chain around her neck. The lamp flame begins to diminish. Elizabeth tries to tur it up. No good. The flame goes out, and the room is black
28) 0) text: She reaches the railing overlooking the foyer, and cries out, just as the butler opens the door -- too late; there is the BOOM of a gun, and the butler crumples. Elizabeth ducks down in horror, peering through the balusters. The pirates scan the foyer, searching. The leader is PINTEL, a sallow-looking pirate with a bald hea Suddenly Pintel looks up, and locks eyes with Elizabeth. How could he know she was there?
29) 0) text: Elizabeth shuts the door, locks it, listens as the pirate pound up the stairs --
29) 3) dialog: Listen, Estrella -- they haven't seen you. Hide, and first chance, run for the fort . Estrella nods. Another SLAM at the door -- it gives a bit
32) 0) text: -- Elizabeth swings the bed warmer at the second pirate, but he catches it by the handle -- Elizabeth can't jerk i free, so she wrenches it over -- the pan lid swings down, BANGING the second pirate -- hot coals spill on his head, sizzling. Elizabeth dashes for the hallway stairs -
33) 0) text: The pirates burst from the bedroom -- Pintel goes for the stairs, but the second pirate vaults the handrail -- Estrella registers the butler's body, but continues out t still-open front door at a dead run. Elizabeth follows -- The second pirate lands between Elizabeth and the front door. His face is BURNED, his hair SMOLDERS -- he reaches
34) 0) text: Elizabeth slams the double doors shut, throws the bolts. The interior shutters are closed over the windows. Above the fireplace are two crossed swords. Elizabeth climbs on the firebox; she grabs one of the swords by the hilt and pulls -- but it won't come free. Both swords are securely attached to the wall. Damn! A SMASH from the doors -- the pirates are relentless - On the table is a platter with fruit, cheese and bread. Elizabeth grabs the knife from the platter - Like any bread knife, it has a round point. Elizabeth jab it into her palm -- it's useless as a weapon. Double damn The blade of a boarding axe breaches the door -- the pirates will be through soon -- Elizabeth looks around -
36) 0) text: Empty. Elizabeth nowhere to be seen. Pintel and Smolderin Pirate search, under the table, behind draperies.
37) 0) text: Elizabeth hides in the dumbwaiter box, wrapped around the double pulley ropes that go through the center.
38) 0) text: From behind the door of the dumbwaiter comes a CRASH, and cloud of dust. The door slides open, and Elizabeth clambe out. Her head is cut, she is streaked with dirt, and can barely stand. She leans over the table, trying to recover The sound of running FOOTSTEPS gets louder ...
38) 1) dialog: Please, no ... Elizabeth touches the chain of the medallion ... and a desperate idea occurs to her. The pirates burst through the door. Elizabeth backs away, holds the bread knife out to ward them off. They come around either side of the table, stalking her -
38) 2) dialog: (gasps it out) Par. .. Parlay! Pintel can't believe his ears.
38) 4) dialog: Parlay! I invoke the right of parlay! According to" the Code of the Brethren, set down by the pirates Morgan and Bartholomew, you must take me to your Captain!
38) 6) dialog: If an adversary demands parley, you can do them no harm until the parlay is complete.
39) 0) text: Will races along, momentarily free of the pirates. He spo the Governor's Mansion in the distance. There are FIGURES moving away from it -- Elizabeth, forced by the two pirates. Will hurries forward - Suddenly a PIRATE jumps out from the shadows, slashes; Wi defends himself. The pirate has one arm and wears a yello bandana. Will hesitates -- didn't he already kill this gu The hesitation is just enough for another PIRATE, swingin a flaming torch, to SLAM Will in the head from behind. Wi crumples. The pirate lights a second torch, hands it to One-arm; th hoot with delight and head off, setting fires as they go. On the ground, Will doesn't move.
41) 0) text: Amid the thunder of cannon fire, a longboat slips through the fog. Elizabeth sits in the prow. Columns of water fro cannon balls geyser up around the boat. The fog parts. Elizabeth looks up to see -- The Black Pearl, a tall galleon, its black sails looming high above her. At the bow is an ornately carved figurehe of a beautiful woman, arm held high, a small bird taking wing from her outstretched hand. The longboat makes for a pair of lines dangling from a winch.
42) 0) text: Lit by lanterns; no moon is visible beneath the fog. Smok hangs heavy above the deck. Elizabeth's longboat is raised above the deck rail -- pirates spot her, and stare. One polite fellow steps forward to offer his hand. She takes it and steps down. S huddles, self-conscious in her nightgown and dressing rob
42) 3) dialog: I am here to -- The Bosun SLAPS her.
42) 8) dialog: Captain Barbossa ... I have come to negotiate the cessation of hostilities against Port Royal. Barbossa is both impressed and amused.
42) 10) dialog: I want you to leave. And never come back. Barbossa and the pirates laugh.
42) 12) dialog: Very well. She quickly slips the medallion off, darts to the side rail, dangles it over the side of the ship. The pirates g quiet.
42) 13) dialog: I'll drop it!
42) 15) dialog: Because it's what you're searching for. You've been searching for it for years. I recognize this ship. I saw it eight years ago, when we made the crossing from England.
42) 17) dialog: Fine. I suppose if this is worthless, there's no reason to keep it. She flips the medallion up, off her finger -
42) 21) dialog: Elizabeth - (stops herself from saying "Swann"; then:) Turner. (embroidering) I'm a maid in the governor's household. (curtsies) Barbossa reacts to the name Turner: it confirms what he has suspected. The other pirates surreptitiously exchange glances and nods.
42) 23) dialog: (curtsies again) Thank you, sir.
42) 25) dialog: Of course. (offended) I didn't steal it, if that's what you mean.
42) 27) dialog: Can I trust you?
42) 29) dialog: Our bargain. . ? Barbossa grins devilishly -- but then nods to the Bosun.
42) 31) dialog: Wait! You must return me to shore! According to the rules of the Order of the Brethren - Barbossa wheels on her.
43) 0) text: As the Black Pearl turns out to sea, Elizabeth is led bac along the deck to the captain's cabin. The fog starts to dissipate, turning to a light mist; through it, the Black Pearl makes for the scarlet glow of dawn.
58) 0) text: Elizabeth stalks the cabin. Pintel enters, carrying a bla silk dress.
58) 2) dialog: Tell the captain that I am disinclined to acquiesce to his request.
59) 0) text: Barbossa enters, followed by PIRATES carrying trays of food, wine, table setting, etc. Elizabeth stands at the small table in the dress -- lovely.
59) 2) dialog: Dare I ask the fate of its previous owner?
59) 7) dialog: It's poisoned! She shoves her plate away -- and takes the opportunity to palm her knife. Barbossa LAUGHS.
59) 9) dialog: Then why aren't you eating?
59) 12) dialog: It's a pirate medallion.
59) 17) dialog: That's all very interesting, but I hardly believe in ghost stories any more. Barbossa is angry. He stands, sweeps the food off the table.
59) 21) text: And that's why there's no sense in killing you. Yet. Elizabeth stares at him, horrified. Using the toe of his boot, Barbossa flips an apple up off the floor, catches i extends it to Elizabeth.
60) 0) text: -- Elizabeth comes to dead stop. She stares, her jaw working, trying to scream but unable to - The pirate crew works at their stations, coiling lines, navigating the ship, swabbing decks -- but where the moonlight falls across their bodies, they are nauqht but SKELETONS. . Elizabeth turns away from the sight - Barbossa stands just inside the doorway, out of the moonlight. He grabs her roughly by the shoulders and jerk her back around -- Elizabeth shuts her eyes - BARBOSSA
60) 3) text: And I have not felt anything for ten years ... Not the wind on my face, nor the spray of the sea ... (reaches toward Elizabeth) ... nor the flesh of a woman ... Elizabeth flinches away from the skeletal hand. It drops away -- he takes a bottle of wine from the opened case beside the cabin door, uncorks it with his teeth, raises
60) 5) text: You'd best start believing in ghost stories, Miss Turner. Because now you're in one. He tilts the bottle and drinks -- it runs over his jaw, through his rib cage, drenching his clothes. Elizabeth darts around him, back into the cabin, and shut the door. Barbossa hurls the bottle away.
61) 0) text: Elizabeth huddles in the far corner of the cabin, terrified.
66) 0) text: A drunken man lays in the mud, having a friendly conversation with two pigs. He wears an old tattered Navy jacket. A sudden SPRAY OF WATER splashes across his face, revealing: this is old JOSHAMEE GIBBS (the man who told pirate stories to Elizabeth when she was a child). He sputters and roars: GIBBS
70) 0) text: The sound of RAIN pounds down on the deck above - - then suddenly stops. Elizabeth moves to the stern windows, loo out at the rolling sea below -- no escape there. She hears the sound of a VQICE calling, gazes up, wonderi
74) 0) text: On Barbossa, face upturned. No expression in his eyes. Around him a group of pirates, Elizabeth among them, stan as still as stones, in front of a dark cave opening. Thei faces look upward, their total lack of movement disconcerting. Above the cave, on a hillock, the pirate Koehler gazes ou toward the horizon. Slowly he TRANSFORMS, head-to-toe, fr pirate to SKELETON- The MOON has climbed free of the storm clouds, rising large. and full on the horizon. The skeleton turns - KOEHLER
75) 0) text: The group keeps together under the firelight. The path leads between boulders on a slope downhill. From the echo and shadows, it's clear the cave system must be huge. Elizabeth glances over -- the torches illumine caverns of to the side -- and just the edge of a mound of coins. Clearly there is more, but the rest is lost in darkness. Twigg, gazing upward in wonder, moves a few feet away fro the group. Barbossa grabs him as he nears a chasm. BARBOSSA
77) 3) text: Aye. And not a bit of it any use to us, only hoarded. But it will drive us no longer. Elizabeth pauses, staring at herself in a jewel-encrusted mirror -- and then is pushed along by the pirates.
81) 1) text: Here we stand before the cursed treasure of Cortez himself. Won by blood, it demands blood in return. All eyes turn -- onto Elizabeth. Pintle takes the stone knife from the chest, approaches her. Elizabeth shrinks back, but is held by two other pirates. Pintel grins. Grabs her by the wrist. She turns her head away, shuts her eyes. Pintle raises the knife ... ... and then very carefully, daintily, uses just the shar tip of the knife to just prick! Elizabeth's finger. One tiny red drop of blood appears, and drips down onto t medallion. Elizabeth opens her eyes, surprised. PINTEL
81) 2) text: What did you expect? We're all gentlemen here, right and proper. The pirates laugh. Barbossa takes the medallion, grins at Elizabeth.
81) 11) text: You. Maid. Your father. What was his name?! (grabs her roughly) Was your father William Turner?! Elizabeth takes time to smile before answering: ELIZABETH
81) 17) text: If you had sailed with Morgan for ten years like I have, you'd know not to question me! Elizabeth sits up, watching the pirates argue, for a mome unnoticed. Suddenly, a scabbard comes down, right above her. Startled, Elizabeth looks up -- -- Will is at the top of a mound of coins, reaching down with his scabbard for her to grab onto. Elizabeth quickly leans forward, takes the bloodied medallion from the pile. Reaches back, grabs the scabbard Will pulls her up - BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
81) 18) text: If any coward here dare challenge me, let him speak! Any more talk, I'll chain ye to a cannon and send ye to the watery depths! A sound catches his attention -- coins falling. He looks up, sees Will and Elizabeth at the top of the treasure stack. ATOP THE STACK, Will grabs a large shield, flings them forward -- the two ride down the mountain of coins on the far side, slide through a small opening -
82) 0) text: Behind them, loose coins from their slide come down in an avalanche, sealing the entrance. Elizabeth jumps up, silver platter in hand, ready to swin -Jack catches her before she can do any damage. They recognize each other. ELIZABETH
82) 2) text: Me! ELIZABETH
82) 4) text: No, I'm -- rescuing you. Elizabeth can't comprehend that one. ELIZABETH
83) 0) text: The three climb up a dark crevasse that leads out onto th island. Will takes Elizabeth's hand, helps her. WILL
83) 1) text: I'm glad we got here in time. ELIZABETH
84) 0) text: The three race through the rocks, the sounds of pursuit close behind. Suddenly Jack stops. ELIZABETH
84) 2) text: No. This won't work. (a quick decision) I'll stay behind, and fight them. You go on. Will and Elizabeth stare at him. WILL
84) 7) text: I'm sure. When you've led the kind of life I have, there are debts that must be paid. Maybe I can balance the scales a little. Will nods, hesitates... gives Jack his sword - - now Jack has two, ..one for each hand. Elizabeth gives him a quick kiss. Will and Elizabeth race away, and are gone. Jack watches them for a moment, turns to face the pirates He sticks the two swords in the ground, crossed. Leans casually against a rock. A group of pirates round a corner, cutlasses drawn, ready to fight -- but Jack raises his hand. JACK (CONT'D)
86) 3) text: Why would my father send this to me? ELIZABETH
86) 5) text: If I had known- ELIZABETH
86) 7) text: I can't believe he would make such a sacrifice for us. ELIZABETH
93) 0) text: Elizabeth watches  as the Black Pearl comes about -- and then there is the  low, loud RUMBLE of two dozen cannons firing as one. The  Interceptor is hit. A barrage of shot follow; most find  their mark. Sailors dive for cover, leaving their cannons; clearly th are overmatched.
95) 2) text: There -- she's raised the Jolly Roger, upside down. AnaMaria, Gibbs, Cotton, even Elizabeth -- all know what this means. Will doesn't. He looks to Gibbs for an explanation: GIBBS (CONT 'D)
95) 6) text: Will -- it'll go worse for us -- for Elizabeth, especially -- if we fight. Will stares -- and nods. But his expression is still defiant. The deck slants; the ship is sinking. pirates swarm acros on ropes, and take control of the Interceptor.
96) 0) text: The top masts of the H.M.S. Interceptor sink into the smooth' crystal waters of the Caribbean - -- as Will and Elizabeth, held by pirates, are brought before Barbossa -- and see that Jack stands beside him, manacled. Gibbs, AnaMaria and Cotton and the other crewmembers hudd together. Barbossa's wrath falls on Elizabeth. BARBOSSA
96) 7) dialog: No! Jack pushes forward.
96) 14) text: Elizabeth goes free! BARBOSSA
96) 17) text: Agreed. You have my word, as a gentleman of fortune - ELIZABETH
96) 24) text: Jack, Elizabeth ... I'm a man of my word and you're to be set free, right quick. (loudly) Men, break out the plank! A CHEER goes up from the pirates. Will realizes what Barbossa intends to do, struggles with his captors. WILL
98) 0) text: Jack, wrists still bound, stands in the classic 'walking the plank' pose. Elizabeth is next in line. Pirates crowd the ship's rail to watch. JACK
98) 12) text: That's fair. Jack glares at Barbossa. Then he's prodded with a cutlass takes a step out. Reaches the end of the plank -- steps off. Jack plunges down into the water. Appears on the surface, floundering, struggles to stay afloat. Will and Elizabeth exchange helpless looks; there is nothing they can do. BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
98) 13) text: The lady's next. But first, I'll be wanting that dress back, if you please. Elizabeth hesitates ... then strips it off, leaving her i a silk slip. She throws it at him. ELIZABETH
98) 14) text: Here -- it will go well with your black heart ! Barbossa indicates the plank. ELIZABETH (CONT' D)
100) 0) text: Elizabeth breaks the surface, looks around. And then, finally Jack appears, sucking in air. He shows what he we after: his pistol. He tucks it into his shirt. ELIZABETH
100) 2) text: That's the second time I've had to watch that man sail away with my ship. He turns away, and swims after Elizabeth.
101) 0) text: CLOSE ON: The surf line. Elizabeth's feet leave prints in the sand ... and then meet up with matching footprints sh made earlier, going in the same direction. She has walked all the way around the island. JACK (O.S.)
101) 1) text: Not all that big, is it? Jack lays on the beach. He has dismantled his pistol; the parts, ball and powder dry on his scarf. ELIZABETH
101) 3) text: The trees are taller. Jack checks to see if the pistol parts are dry; they are. He sets about re-assembling and loading his pistol. ELIZABETH
101) 5) text: Not yet. Ask me again in a few weeks. Elizabeth can't believe it. ELIZABETH
101) 7) text: Don't be thinking I'm not already working on it. He climbs up toward a clump of palm trees. Digs for something beneath the sand. He finds it: a large iron rin ELIZABETH
101) 8) text: What is that? Is there a boat under there? Jack heaves the trap door up and over, revealing a pit. Inside are barrels and bottles of rum ... all covered wit dust and cobwebs, long abandoned. Jack's face falls. ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
101) 10) text: It won't. It won't, and so we won't. He jumps down into the pit, cracks open a bottle of rum,. takes a swig. ELIZABETH
101) 13) text: But from the looks of this, they've long been'out of business, and so that won't be happening again. (takes another swig) We probably have your friend Norrington to thank for that. ELIZABETH
101) 16) text: You should look at our contretemps this way: we've got shade trees, thank the Lord. We've got some food on the trees, thank the Lord again. And we've got rum, praise the Lord. We can stay alive a month, maybe more. Keep a weather eye open for passing ships, and our chances are fair. ELIZABETH
101) 18) text: You're right. (hoists the bottle) Here's luck to you, Will Turner. He drinks -- and defiantly returns Elizabeth's angry gaze But then turns away, sits down. JACK (CONT'D)
101) 19) text: Don't be thinking I'm happy about this, Elizabeth. But I see no use in wailing and gnashing my teeth over that which I can do nothing about. ELIZABETH
101) 21) text: Try it. It goes down rough, but it goes down - - and the second swig goes down easier. Elizabeth considers. Comes to a decision. She unseals the bottle, takes a swig. They sit in silence for a bit. ELIZABETH
101) 22) text: And you will call me Miss Swann. Jack toasts her: you got it. Elizabeth studies her bottle... gives Jack a sidelong glance. Back to her bottl ... ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
101) 24) text: What? What was that? (Elizabeth smiles) Something funny, Miss Swann? share. Please, ELIZABETH
101) 26) text: I know a lot of songs about pirates, but none I'd teach a child. Let's hear it. ELIZABETH
101) 27) text: Oh, no ... it's silly.   Back in England we didn't know   a thing about pirates, really.   They seemed so romantic and daring   - Jack likes the way that sounds. ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
101) 29) text: Now I must hear this song. An authentic pirate song. Have at it. ELIZABETH
101) 32) text: Well? Elizabeth clears her throat, begins to sing self- consciously, becoming stronger as she goes on. ELIZABETH
101) 33) text: We pillage, we plunder, we rifle, we loot, Drink up me hearties, yo ho. She gestures for him to drink. He does. ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
102) 0) text: The middle of the night. A fire BLAZES. Jack and Elizabet are roaring drunk, arm in arm, singing the song all the w up to the stars -- JACK/ELIZABETH
102) 3) text: When I get the   Black Pearl back, I'm going to teach   it to the whole crew, and we'll sing   it all the time! ELIZABETH
102) 4) text: You'll be positively the most fearsome pirates to sail the Spanish Main. Elizabeth salutes the idea with her bottle. Jack doesn't have a bottle to salute back. She hands him hers. He drinks, then settles shakily to the ground. Elizabeth sit beside him. JACK
102) 5) text: Not just the Spanish Main. The whole ocean. .. the whole world. Wherever we want to go, we go. That's what a ship is, you know. Not just a keel and a hull and a deck and sails. That's what a ship need_ ... but what a ship is -- what the Black Pearl really-is ... is freedom. Elizabeth lays her head on his shoulder. ELIZABETH
102) 7) text: Ah, well... the company is better than last time. And the scenery has definitely improved. ELIZABETH
102) 9) text: We've got a few bottles left ... and we've yet to tap the kegs. Elizabeth shrugs with a sleight -- but promising -- smile She picks up the empty bottle from the ground, holds it u ELIZABETH
102) 11) text: To the Black Pearl. They tap the bottles together. Elizabeth feigns a drink a he chugs. He taps his bottle against her again. She laugh feigns another drink -
103) 0) text: CLOSE ON -- JACK'S FACE, dead asleep, lying in the sunlight. His nose twitches. A bit of SMOKE drifts by. Hi nose twitches again. His eyes open. Jack GROANS and sits up. He rubs his head, looks over - -- all of the foliage in the middle of the island is ON FIRE. Smoke rises high up into the clear blue sky. Jack leaps to his feet. He sees Elizabeth, as she pours o the last of the rum, dowsing a scrub brush at the base of palm tree. It goes up in FLAMES. She rolls the barrel forward -- it starts to BURN merrily. Jack can't believe his eyes. JACK
103) 1) text: What are you doing? You've burned our food, the shade -- the rum! ELIZABETH
103) 3) text: Why? ELIZABETH
103) 4) text: One, because it is a vile drink that turns even the most respectable men into scoundrels. Two - She points to the sky. ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
103) 6) text: You -- you burned up the island, for a one-time chance at being spotted? ELIZABETH
103) 7) text: Exactly. Elizabeth turns toward the sea. ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
105) 0) text: Norrington gives Elizabeth a hand disembarking from the raised long boat. NORRINGTON
105) 1) text: Elizabeth, I'm" relieved you're safe. (re: Jack) Clap him in irons. And behind his back this time. ELIZABETII
105) 3) text: You're speaking up for him again? ELIZABETH
105) 6) text: We are bound for Port Royal, not Isla de Muerta. ELIZABETH
105) 8) text: Your father is frantic with worry. Our mission was to rescue you and return home. That is what we shall do. Mr. Turner's fate is regrettable. But so was his decision to engage in piracy. ELIZABETH
105) 11) text: By remembering that I serve others, not only myself. ELIZABETH
105) 13) text: I am to understand that you will accept my marriage proposal on the condition I rescue Mr. Turner? ELIZABETH
105) 17) text: Elizabeth, I hereby withdraw my proposal. ELIZABETH
105) 19) text: I know now where your heart truly lies. Elizabeth looks at Norrington, seeing him in a new light. ELIZABETH
105) 21) text: You may seclude yourself in my cabin. I'm afraid we do not have any ladies' clothing aboard. ELIZABETH
105) 23) text: That would hardly be proper. ELIZABETH
105) 25) text: Murtogg, take our guest below, and find her some trousers, and a shirt. Elizabeth smiles, allows herself to be escorted away. Norrington watches her go ... then turns his gaze to the sea.
107) 0) text: Jack goes to the rail and waits, pretending to look out a the sea. Elizabeth, dressed in sailor's clothes to excellent effect, joins him. ELIZABETH
107) 2) text: Nor did you, I noticed. ELIZABETH
107) 4) text: Exactly. ELIZABETH
107) 6) text: I have a plan. If it succeeds, then any battle will be decidedly brief ... and one-sided. ELIZABETH
107) 9) text: Elizabeth -- below decks. I will not compromise your safety.. She starts to speak; he turns away.. NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
107) 10) text: Lieutenant, escort Elizabeth to my quarters, and make sure she stays there. Norrington gazes through his spyglass, at the island. Jac watches with some amusement as Elizabeth is escorted away NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
113) 0) text: Elizabeth looks out the Captain's small porthole -- sees boats laden with Navy men headed for shore. She turns away from the porthole, wishing there was something she could do. Suddenly there is a flutter at th window-- Cotton's parrot is there. COTTON'S PARROT
113) 1) text: Drink UP me hearties yo ho! Drink UP me hearties yo ho! The bird flutters off; Elizabeth races to the porthole, a then to the stern window to see it flyaway. She looks down -- and there, fastened to the stern of the ship, is a small rowboat.
118) 0) text: Elizabeth has the small boat out, and rows away from the Dauntless, looking ahead over her shoulder. Cotton's parr is nowhere to be seen. In the distance, Pintel breaks the surface near the Dauntless, intent on climbing the anchor; he looks over - Just as Elizabeth rounds the point, and rocks obscure the small longboat from view. More skeleton-pirates appear, and Pintel continues his climb.
122) 0) text: Elizabeth rounds the point further, and sees: the Black Pearl, anchored in the neighboring cove. A fleck of color Cotton's parrot, as it darts in through a porthole. Elizabeth slows her efforts, silently approaching the shi
123) 3) text: I believe I'll have a spot o' rum, if you don't mind, and thank'ee kind sir! They burst out laughing -- a hideous sound that wheezes through their bones. Behind them, unnoticed, Elizabeth peeks cautiously around corner. She picks her moment and sneaks past quickly, dow a gangway, disappearing into the blackness of the ship.
127) 0) text: It's the Black Pearl, manned by Gibbs, AnaMaria and Cotto and captained by Elizabeth, coming around the point, cannons blazing.
133) 2) text: (admits it) The worst. (beat) On the other hand, maybe I'm a man who can't pass up a chance for revenge against the black-hearted bastard who stole my ship and left me to die in the middle of the ocean -- twice! -- and who knows how to get what he wants. Now that's a great pirate. Jack cuts his palm, grips the coin he stole above the che ... and then hesitates. Will looks at him... Jack releases the coin. It lands in the chest beside the other bloody coin. Suddenly, the lid of the chest, all on its own, SLAMS SHU Elizabeth stares at it. WILL
134) 0) text: Jack, Will, and Norrington gather together on the beach. Elizabeth calls out: ELIZABETH
134) 1) text: You're all right! The three men turn as one. An awkward moment -- which of them does she mean? Elizabeth races across the sand, toward them -- and straight to Will. She throws her arms around his neck in hug. WILL
134) 2) text: Miss Swann -- are you wearing trousers? And how did you get off the island? Elizabeth can't believe that's what he noticed. Indignant she steps away from him. ELIZABETH
134) 3) text: Yes, I am wearing trousers. And as for how we got off the island -- ah, that's a grand adventure, but now is not the time to talk about it. She reaches a hand behind his neck, decisively kisses him ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
134) 5) text: Elizabeth, I think it doesn't matter- that we are of a different class - ELIZABETH
134) 7) text: -- but that was not a proper kiss. Pure consternation on Elizabeth's face - WILL (CONT'D)
135) 1) text: ...and though I do say so with regret, the law is clear. The penalty for piracy is death by hanging. In the crowd, Elizabeth squeezes the hand of her father, Swann. She lets go as Swann stands. SWANN
135) 2) text: By your leave, I wish to speak on behalf of the boy. (a glance at Elizabeth) It is clear that these deeds were performed out of a sincere desire   to do good, at great personal risk. It   seems to me, that in the rare occasion   where the right course is committing an   act of piracy, then an act of piracy   is the right course! (cheers of approval) So in my capacity as Governor, I   intend to grant a pardon to -- GILLETTE
135) 4) text: Jack and his crew have escaped! (gasps from the crowd) There was no damage to the cell ... they must have been set free. Will and Elizabeth exchange looks. You? Not me, you? No, not me either! Swann notices something the parapet, point
135) 9) text: A day's head start. That's all he gets. Will, Elizabeth and Swann look out toward ocean-