9) 0) text: Two sailors on sentry duty, MURTOGG and MULLROY, take advantage of what little shade there is on the dock. But when Jack saunters up, they are immediately on alert.
9) 6) dialog: Ship.
9) 9) dialog: Commodore.
9) 16) dialog: No, it's not.
9) 20) dialog: You've seen the Black Pearl?
9) 26) dialog: No.
9) 32) dialog: You! Jack looks over in exaggeratedly innocent surprise. The sailors hurry toward the gangplank.
9) 33) dialog: Get away from there! You don't have permission to be aboard there! Jack spreads his hands in apology.
9) 43) dialog: He may be.
12) 0) text: Jack, Murtogg and Mullroy are still in shock from the sight.
15) 0) text: UNDERWATER: the medallion hangs below Elizabeth's unmovin form - - and then Jack is there. He wraps an arm around h and makes for the surface. ON THE SURFACE, Jack swims toward the dock, struggling. I is .: far more difficult than it should be. He stops stroking, and they submerge. UNDERWATER: Jack realizes that   it is Elizabeth's heavy velvet dress that is weighing   them down. He pulls at th buttons on the back, and they   give way. He skins her ou the dress, and kicks away from   it. The dress falls like a cloud into darkness - ON THE SURFACE: Jack swims with Elizabeth, much more quickly. AT THE DOCK, Murtogg and Mullroy are there to help haul Elizabeth out of the water. Jack climbs up, exhausted. Elizabeth is on her back; Murtogg holds her arms above her head, pumping them. Mullroy puts his cheek to her nose and mouth.
15) 1) dialog: Not breathing. Murtogg looks down; it seems hopeless. Jack steps up, drawing Murtogg's knife from its sheath.
15) 3) dialog: I never would have thought of that.
15) 16) dialog: (to Murtogg) I told you he was telling the truth. (currying favor) These are his, sir. He holds out Jack's pistol and belt. Norrington takes the pistol, examines it, notes the powder horn on Jack's belt
46) 6) dialog: Mentioned it, is more what he did.
50) 0) text: There's been a breakdown in discipline; about a dozen Nav sailors are gathered together on the main deck, playing dice. Murtogg and Mullroy among them. Suddenly, Jack and Will jump out, into the open - brandishing pistols.
51) 3) dialog: You didn't believe he was telling the truth, either. The windless turns some more, and there's Gillette.
131) 0) text: Murtogg FIRES a pistol at a pirate. The pirate is hit, screams in pain, and crumples to the ground. Mullroy runs through another with his sword. The pirates react to the sight, and quickly realize their peril. They set their weapons down in surrender.