9) 0) text: Two sailors on sentry duty, MURTOGG and MULLROY, take advantage of what little shade there is on the dock. But when Jack saunters up, they are immediately on alert.
9) 1) dialog: This dock is off-limits to civilians.
9) 4) dialog: No ... someone has to make sure this dock stays off-limits to civilians.
9) 8) dialog: Captain Norrington's made it his flagship. He'll use it to hunt down the last dregs of piracy on the Spanish Lake.
9) 10) dialog: Right. Commodore Norrington.
9) 12) dialog: Oh, the Dauntless is the power in these waters, true enough -- but there's no ship that can match the Interceptor for speed.
9) 15) dialog: The Black Pearl is a real ship.
9) 17) dialog: Yes it is. I've seen it.
9) 19) dialog: Yes.
9) 21) dialog: Yes.
9) 23) dialog: Yes, I have.
9) 25) dialog: ... No .
9) 27) dialog: But I've seen a ship with black sails.
9) 29) dialog: ... no.
9) 35) dialog: What's your name?
9) 38) dialog: And no lies!
9) 40) dialog: I said, no lies.
9) 42) dialog: He's not telling the truth.
9) 44) dialog: If he were telling the truth he wouldn't have told us.
11) 0) text: Jack reacts, pushes Murtogg aside to see - Elizabeth plummets from the top of the cliff. It seems to take her a long time to reach the sea -- Elizabeth hits the water, narrowly missing the sharp rock A wave breaks, and then she is washed out away from the cliff, struggling feebly. AT THE FORT, Norrington looks down --
12) 0) text: Jack, Murtogg and Mullroy are still in shock from the sight.
15) 0) text: UNDERWATER: the medallion hangs below Elizabeth's unmovin form - - and then Jack is there. He wraps an arm around h and makes for the surface. ON THE SURFACE, Jack swims toward the dock, struggling. I is .: far more difficult than it should be. He stops stroking, and they submerge. UNDERWATER: Jack realizes that   it is Elizabeth's heavy velvet dress that is weighing   them down. He pulls at th buttons on the back, and they   give way. He skins her ou the dress, and kicks away from   it. The dress falls like a cloud into darkness - ON THE SURFACE: Jack swims with Elizabeth, much more quickly. AT THE DOCK, Murtogg and Mullroy are there to help haul Elizabeth out of the water. Jack climbs up, exhausted. Elizabeth is on her back; Murtogg holds her arms above her head, pumping them. Mullroy puts his cheek to her nose and mouth.
15) 15) dialog: He said he'd come to commandeer one.
46) 5) dialog: That Jack Sparrow... he talked about the Black Pearl.
46) 7) dialog: Still --
50) 0) text: There's been a breakdown in discipline; about a dozen Nav sailors are gathered together on the main deck, playing dice. Murtogg and Mullroy among them. Suddenly, Jack and Will jump out, into the open - brandishing pistols.
51) 2) dialog: I can't believe he's doing this. The windless turns, bringing Mullroy into view.
105) 25) text: Murtogg, take our guest below, and find her some trousers, and a shirt. Elizabeth smiles, allows herself to be escorted away. Norrington watches her go ... then turns his gaze to the sea.
131) 0) text: Murtogg FIRES a pistol at a pirate. The pirate is hit, screams in pain, and crumples to the ground. Mullroy runs through another with his sword. The pirates react to the sight, and quickly realize their peril. They set their weapons down in surrender.