2) 3) dialog: Mr. Gibbs. NORRINGTON, a dashing young man, Royal Navy to the core, glares sternly at Gibbs. Standing besides him is GOVERNOR WEATHERBY SWAN, a man of obvious high station, brass buttons on his thick blue jacket. He is Elizabeth's father.
2) 4) dialog: That will do.
2) 6) dialog: Consider them marked.   On your way.
2) 9) dialog: Think again, Miss Swan.   Vile and dissolute creatures, the  lot of them. I intend to see to   it that any man who sails under a  pirate flag, or wears a pirates  brand, gets what he deserves: a  short drop and a sudden stop. Elizabeth doesn't know what 'a short drop and a sudden stop' means. Gibbs helpfully mimes: a man being hung.
2) 11) dialog: My apologies, Governor.
2) 17) dialog: Man overboard!
2) 19) dialog: Fetch a hook! Haul him out of there! Quick movement and activity on the deck. Sailors use a boathook to snag the boy he the passes. Norrington and Swann haul him aboard, and lay him on the deck. Elizabeth sidles in for a closer look.
2) 20) dialog: He's still breathing.
2) 24) dialog: An explosion in the powder magazine. Merchant vessels run heavily armed.
2) 27) dialog: Of course not, Governor. (to the crew) Come about and strike the sails! Unlash the boats! Gunnery crew... jackets off the cannons! (to Swann) Hope for the best...prepare for the worst. (to two sailors) Move the boy aft. We'll need the deck clear. They lift the boy. Swann pulls Elizabeth away from the rail, away from the hideous scene in the water.
2) 33) dialog: Did he speak?
2) 35) dialog: Very good. Norrington hurries off. Elizabeth steals away to the ster of the ship. Examines her prize -- the gold medallion. A wisp of wind, and she looks up -- Out over the sea, moving through the fog, silent as a ghost, is a large sailing ship, a schooner -- It has BLACK SAILS. Elizabeth stares, too frightened to move, or cry out. The ship is obscured by the fog it as it passes -- but no the mizzen-top ... and there hangs the frightening skull and crossbones of the Jolly Roger. Elizabeth looks from it to the medallion -- the skull on the flag is the same as the one on the medallion. Fog surrounds and closes in on the black ship -- except f the black flag. As Elizabeth watches, the skull appears t TURN and GRIN at her -- Elizabeth shuts her eyes tight --
8) 0) text: With choreographed precision, Swann removes the sword and scabbard from the presentation case, held by a uniformed Navy man. He slides the sword into the scabbard, holds it out vertically to Norrington, in full dress uniform. Norrington grasps the scabbard above Swann's hand, and Swann lets go. Norrington draws the sword, flourishes the sword, and snaps the blade up in front of his face. Swann steps forward, pins a medal to Norrington's jacket, steps back. Norrington nods, turns smartly and nods to his fellow officers, turns again and nods to the audience - dignitaries, merchants, plantation owners, their families Another flourish, and he returns the sword to its scabbar The silence is broken by loud APPLAUSE. Backslapping from the Navy men. In the audience, Elizabeth doesn't look so good, out beneath the hot sun. She applauds briefly, then winces. Discreetly tries to adjust the corset through the materia of the dress, then resumes clapping, trying to hide her discomfort.
10) 1) dialog: May I have a moment? He extends his arm. She takes it. He walks her away from the party, toward the parapet. A rather too long of a silence as Norrington works up his courage.
10) 2) dialog: (a burst) You look lovely. Elizabeth. Elizabeth frowns, unable to focus. Norrington mistakes he expression as disapproval.
10) 3) dialog: I apologize if I seem forward -- but I must speak my mind.
10) 4) dialog: (working up his confidence to do so) This promotion confirms that I have accomplished the goals I set for myself in my career. But it also casts into sharp relief that which I have not achieved. The thing all men most require: a marriage to a fine woman. (beat) You have become a fine woman, Elizabeth.
10) 6) dialog: (smiles) I'm a bit nervous, myself -- Elizabeth loses her balance, stumbles away from Norringto She reaches a hand out to the parapet to steady herself, but it slides off - -- and then she vanishes over the wall. Gone.
10) 7) dialog: Elizabeth! .
11) 0) text: Jack reacts, pushes Murtogg aside to see - Elizabeth plummets from the top of the cliff. It seems to take her a long time to reach the sea -- Elizabeth hits the water, narrowly missing the sharp rock A wave breaks, and then she is washed out away from the cliff, struggling feebly. AT THE FORT, Norrington looks down --
14) 0) text: Norrington rushes down, intent on the climb. Beyond him, past the rocky point, far out to sea, FOG gathers -
15) 6) dialog: On your feet. It looks bad -- Jack standing over Elizabeth, most of her clothes gone. He gets to his feet. The rest of Elizabeth' erstwhile rescuers reach the scene, including Swann.
15) 9) dialog: I believe thanks are in order. Jack takes Norrington's hand gingerly. They shake - -- and Norrington tightens his grip, yanks Jack's arm toward him, then tears back the sleeve of Jack's shirt - -- exposing a BRAND on Jack's inner wrist: a large 'P.'
15) 10) dialog: Had a brush-up with the East India Trading Company, did you ... pirate? The others react in shock, but the sailors are well-train --in an instant, half a dozen pistols are aimed at Jack. stands there, still holding the corset.
15) 11) dialog: Keep your guns on him, men. Gillette, fetch some irons. Norrington notices something else -- below the 'P' brand a tattoo: a small bird in flight across water.
15) 12) dialog: Well, well... Jack Sparrow, isn't it?
15) 14) dialog: I don't see your ship -- Captain.
15) 17) dialog: (to Jack) Extra powder, but no additional shot. Jack shrugs. Norrington unhooks the compass from the belt opens it. He frowns at the reading. Moves the compass thi way and that, keeping it parallel to the ground.
15) 18) dialog: It doesn't bear true. Jack looks away, a bit embarrassed. Norrington returns th compass to the belt. Draws the sword half from the scabbard.
15) 19) dialog: I half-expected it to be made of wood. He slides it back into the scabbard, hands it to Mullroy.
15) 20) dialog: Taking stock: you've got a pistol with only one shot, a compass that doesn't point north ... and no ship. You are without a doubt the worst pirate I have ever heard of.
15) 22) dialog: Carefully, lieutenant. Elizabeth steps forward. Swann's jacket slips off her. Sh is unconcerned, but he is intent on putting it back on he
15) 24) dialog: One good deed is not enough to redeem a man of a lifetime of wickedness. Gillette snaps the manacles closed on Jack's wrists.
15) 26) dialog: (smiles) Indeed. Now that Jack is safely chained, Norrington nods to his men. All but one stow their weapons, and two step forward
15) 36) dialog: On his heels! Gillette, bring a squad down from the fort! (to Elizabeth) Elizabeth, are you -
17) 26) dialog: Excellent work, Mister Brown. You've aided in the capture of a dangerous fugitive.
17) 28) dialog: I believe you will always remember this as the day Captain Jack Sparrow almost escaped. Norrington's men haul Jack away. Will watches them go. Brown looks at his bottle -- broken.
22) 0) text: A noose hangs from a gallows in the courtyard. Norrington and Swann walk along the far wall.
22) 2) dialog: No. She hasn't.
22) 4) dialog: Bleak. Very bleak. From the distance, there is a BOOM -
22) 6) dialog: Cannon fire! He tackles Swann as the wall of the parapet EXPLODES --
27) 1) dialog: Governor! Barricade yourself in my office! (Swann hesitates) That's an order! Swann turns to go -- but finds himself face-to-face with pirate -- KOEHLER, a handsome blond man with gold earring Beyond Koehler, more pirates come up over the far wall. Koehler grins and raises a cutlass - -- Norrington's sword blocks Koehler's slash.
27) 2) dialog: They've flanked us! Men! Swords and pistols! The battle is joined -- INT. GOVERNOR'S MANSION - ELIZABETH f S BEDROOM - NIGHT Elizabeth looks out a window at the scene below: even through the fog, multiple fires are visible, and ships bu in the harbor. Shouts and cries of pain. Cannon fire ECHOES. She notices movement directly below her window: two SHADO FIGURES, approaching the house -- pirates. Elizabeth bolt from her room--
46) 2) dialog: We're aware of the situation.
46) 11) dialog: No. The pirates who invaded   this fort left Sparrow locked in   his cell. Ergo, he is not their   ally, and therefore of no value. (through with Will) We will determine their most likely course, and launch a   search mission that sails with the   tide. Will slams the boarding axe into the desk, through the ma
46) 13) dialog: Mr. Turner, this is not the time for rash actions. (low) Do not make the mistake of thinking you are the only man here who loves Elizabeth. (firm) Now, go home. He opens the door, and then turns away. Will watches him walk back to the desk. Will's face sets in resolve, and h leaves.
53) 0) text: Norrington moves along, concentrating on a manifest. Alongside him is governor Swann, who glances over - Sees the tiny Jolly Mon headed toward them, riding low in the water, overloaded with sailors. Beyond that, the Dauntless sails -- albeit slowly -- for open waters.
53) 2) dialog: A moment.
53) 4) dialog: Please.
53) 6) dialog: Rash, Turner, too rash. -- then spots Jack, at the wheel. Lowers the telescope.
53) 7) dialog: That is, without doubt, the worst pirate I have ever seen.
55) 0) text: Norrington's smaller ship quickly comes alongside the slowmoving Dauntless. Its decks appear empty. Grappling hooks are thrown, and sailors draw the two ships together Norrington's men swarm across.
55) 1) dialog: Search every cabin, every hold, down to the bilges! PULL BACK, away from the   Dauntless, and past the railin the Interceptor, where a   single SENTRY stands watch -- we find a soaked Jack and   Will as they climb up over th side of the smaller ship,   unseen. Jack tackles the Sentry from behind, covers hi1rmouth.
56) 0) text: Norrington emerges from a gangway -- and sees his other ship moving away.
56) 1) dialog: Sailors! Back to the Interceptor! But the distance is already too great. One brave sailor tries to swing across on a rope, Errol-Flynn style, but falls short with a splash. Jack waves, and shouts across the distance -
56) 3) dialog: Raise the sails.
56) 5) dialog: We need only to come about, to put them in range of the long nines. Gillette looks surprised at the order -- but relays it.
56) 7) dialog: Better to see it at the bottom of the sea than in the hands of a pirate. The STEERSMAN turns the wheel. The Dauntless' course does not change one whit.
56) 10) dialog: So it would seem. The Interceptor dwindles with distance. Gillette watches go, with some degree of admiration.
56) 12) dialog: So it would seem. The Interceptor makes for the horizon line. A SLOW DISSOL and with the time passage, the ship is gone; the sky turn a deep twilight blue -
101) 13) text: But from the looks of this, they've long been'out of business, and so that won't be happening again. (takes another swig) We probably have your friend Norrington to thank for that. ELIZABETH
105) 0) text: Norrington gives Elizabeth a hand disembarking from the raised long boat. NORRINGTON
105) 2) text: Commodore, you can't do that! NORRINGTON
105) 5) text: (she's right) We had time to get to know each other. NORRINGTON
105) 7) text: No. The pirates have taken Will - NORRINGTON
105) 10) text: Norrington, think about it ... the Black Pearl, its captain and crew... the last pirate threat in the Caribbean. How can you pass that up? NORRINGTON
105) 12) text: Commodore, I beg you -- please do this ... for me. As a wedding gift. NORRINGTON
105) 14) text: Not as a condition -- a request. Norrington considers. To Gillette: NORRINGTON
105) 16) text: Congratulations, sir. Crew men lead Jack toward the bridge. Sailors go about their tasks, and the ship begins its slow turn. NORRINGTON
105) 18) text: What? NORRINGTON
105) 19) text: I know now where your heart truly lies. Elizabeth looks at Norrington, seeing him in a new light. ELIZABETH
105) 20) text: And now I know... where yours does, as well. They gaze at each other for a moment. Norrington looks away. NORRINGTON
105) 22) text: Then I can wear men's clothing. NORRINGTON
105) 24) text: Well, I am not going to stay hidden in a some cabin, 80 I suppose it's going to be heaving bosoms and bare ankles for the remainder of the voyage! Norrington is exasperated, but then can't help but grin - this is exactly why he loves her. She grins back at him - she's not going to change. NORRINGTON
105) 25) text: Murtogg, take our guest below, and find her some trousers, and a shirt. Elizabeth smiles, allows herself to be escorted away. Norrington watches her go ... then turns his gaze to the sea.
107) 1) text: You didn't tell Commodore Norrington everything. JACK
107) 9) text: Elizabeth -- below decks. I will not compromise your safety.. She starts to speak; he turns away.. NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
107) 10) text: Lieutenant, escort Elizabeth to my quarters, and make sure she stays there. Norrington gazes through his spyglass, at the island. Jac watches with some amusement as Elizabeth is escorted away NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
107) 12) text: Funny, I was thinking   along those lines. How about you let me   go in alone, and while you're setting   up an ambush, I'll trick the pirates out   to you. NORRINGTON
107) 14) text: They left me stranded. Twice. What have you got to lose? NORRINGTON
109) 1) text: That chart I drew up'11 get you past the reefs. If you're steersman's good enough, that is. NORRINGTON
111) 0) text: The Dauntless drifts into the lagoon. Norrington and his men prepare to go ashore.     h
115) 0) text: Norrington and men land on the beach, and spread out. The silently take up positions around the main cave entrance.
116) 16) text: You've no hope of surviving Norrington's attack ... that is, if you're mortal. BARBOSSA
116) 19) text: (drops the coins one-by- one back into the chest) Like after you've killed... Every... Last ... One ... of Norrington's men. BARBOSSA
124) 0) text: Gillette crouches, running low behind a line of rocks. He reports to Norrington: GILLETTE
124) 1) text: All the men in place, sir. Ready to fire. NORRINGTON
124) 2) text: Wait for my order -- what the blazes is that? It's the sound of cannon fire -- coming from the Dauntles Cannonballs hit the shore; men cry out in anguish. NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
126) 0) text: The sailors charge. The moon emerges from behind a cloud Suddenly army of SKELETON PIRATES rise up from the sea, a charge the stunned sailors -- several men are struck down NORRINGTON
126) 1) text: Steady, men! Remember -- we're the Navy! The sailors recover their nerve, and engage the enemy. It a full on battle, Royal Navy against Skeleton Pirates - The Navy men are driven back, surrounded - Suddenly there is a massive BOOM of cannon fire. Norrington, in the midst of a swordfight, tries to see - NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
134) 0) text: Jack, Will, and Norrington gather together on the beach. Elizabeth calls out: ELIZABETH
134) 8) text: This is a proper kiss. Will sweeps her in his arms, leans her back, and kisses h long and well - Jack puts a hand on Norrington's shoulder. JACK
135) 0) text: Close on: Will's face, stoic, staring forward. He stands straight and unmoving. Around him are members of the Roya Navy, standing before for a group of witnesses from town. It is the courtyard on the top of Fort Charles. A trial i underway -- with Will as the defendant. NORRINGTON
135) 7) text: Sir! Shall I break out the cannons? NORRINGTON
135) 8) text: I don't think that will be necessary. Norrington raises his hand ... twirls a key on his finger NORRINGTON (CONT'D)