28) 0) text: She reaches the railing overlooking the foyer, and cries out, just as the butler opens the door -- too late; there is the BOOM of a gun, and the butler crumples. Elizabeth ducks down in horror, peering through the balusters. The pirates scan the foyer, searching. The leader is PINTEL, a sallow-looking pirate with a bald hea Suddenly Pintel looks up, and locks eyes with Elizabeth. How could he know she was there?
28) 1) dialog: Up there! The pirates rush for the stairs. Elizabeth scrambles back into the nearest room--
30) 0) text: Pintel is the first through, and gets the pan of the bed warmer in the face for his trouble -- he staggers back, holding his nose --
33) 0) text: The pirates burst from the bedroom -- Pintel goes for the stairs, but the second pirate vaults the handrail -- Estrella registers the butler's body, but continues out t still-open front door at a dead run. Elizabeth follows -- The second pirate lands between Elizabeth and the front door. His face is BURNED, his hair SMOLDERS -- he reaches
36) 0) text: Empty. Elizabeth nowhere to be seen. Pintel and Smolderin Pirate search, under the table, behind draperies.
36) 1) dialog: We know you're here, poppet. Come out and we promise we won't hurt you. Smoldering pirate gives him look -- he wants to hurt her plenty. Pintel shakes his head: 'Don't worry, I'm lying.'
36) 2) dialog: We will find you, poppet ... You've got something of ours, and it calls to us!
37) 1) dialog: The gold calls to us! Elizabeth registers that -- she pulls out the medallion, rubs the gold with her thumb. This is their objective. Light spills into the- box through gaps in the top as the door above is slid open -- Elizabeth looks up through the gaps Pintel leers down at her.
37) 2) dialog: Hello, poppet. Elizabeth works the ropes to lower  the box. Pintel pulls the other way; he's stronger, and  the box rises. Elizabe tries to stop it -- wraps her left  forearm through the r and lets it jam against the top of  the box. Elizabeth gasps at the pain, but the box stops. She saws the rope with the bread knife. Smoldering pirate helps pull the rope, crushing Elizabeth forearm. Tears of pain on her face, she keeps sawing - The rope parts, and the dumbwaiter box PLUMMETS -
38) 3) dialog: What?
38) 5) dialog: I know the code.
38) 7) dialog: It would appear, so do you.
38) 9) dialog: She wants to be taken to the Captain, and she'll go without a fuss. He looks to Elizabeth: 'right?' Elizabeth nods.
38) 10) dialog: We must honor the code. Smoldering Pirate concedes the point, sheaths his dirk. H grabs Elizabeth roughly by the arm -
42) 2) dialog: She's invoked the right of parlay... with Captain Barbossa. ON THE POOP DECK -- an imposing FIGURE in silhouette stan by the wheel, too far away to have heard Pintel's words. But his head turns at the mention of his name. The silhouetted figure moves toward the stairs. A cloud o SMOKE obscures him -- and then, as if he skipped the stairs, he strides out of the SMOKE on the main deck- This is BARBOSSA. Despite the bright colors of clothing, definitely not a man you'd want to meet in a dark alley - or anywhere, for that matter. Elizabeth, more terrified than ever, cannot look away fro his eyes. But she musters her courage -
58) 0) text: Elizabeth stalks the cabin. Pintel enters, carrying a bla silk dress.
58) 1) dialog: You'll be dining with the Captain, and he requests you wear this.
58) 3) dialog: (happy) He said you say that! He also said if that be the case, you'll be dining with the crew, and you'll be naked. Angry, Elizabeth holds out her hand. Pintel's grin fades.
58) 4) dialog: (hands it over) Fine. He exits, pouting. Elizabeth examines the dress -
81) 1) text: Here we stand before the cursed treasure of Cortez himself. Won by blood, it demands blood in return. All eyes turn -- onto Elizabeth. Pintle takes the stone knife from the chest, approaches her. Elizabeth shrinks back, but is held by two other pirates. Pintel grins. Grabs her by the wrist. She turns her head away, shuts her eyes. Pintle raises the knife ... ... and then very carefully, daintily, uses just the shar tip of the knife to just prick! Elizabeth's finger. One tiny red drop of blood appears, and drips down onto t medallion. Elizabeth opens her eyes, surprised. PINTEL
81) 14) text: (to Pintel) You brought us the wrong person! PINTEL
85) 5) text: No you won't. Barbossa nods. Pintel steps forward, puts a blade to Jack throat. Jack's smile widens. PINTEL
85) 7) text: Now. (Pintel grins) No, don't kill him. Surprised, Pintel lowers his cutlass. Jack's expression hasn't changed. BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
88) 0) text: Barbossa and Pintel eye the Interceptor, two hounds chasi the fox. PINTEL
91) 0) text: Barbossa and Pintel watch as the huge ship brings its cannons to bear right in front of them. BARBOSSA
96) 9) text: My name is Will Turner, the son of Bootstrap Bill Turner. His blood runs in my veins. (raises the gun to his head) You need my blood. And on my word I will pull this trigger, and sink all the way down to Davy Jones' Locker! Pintel squints at Will; the pirates murmur surprise. TWIGG
96) 11) text: Looks like you're back to having nothing to offer. PINTEL
98) 5) text: The last time you did this, you left me a pistol, with one shot. The pirates mutter agreement. PINTEL
106) 0) text: Pintel enters the cell. It appears empty -- but that's because Will is hanging from the rafters, trying to shove up the ceiling planks with his legs. PINTEL
106) 2) text: What happened to William Turner? PINTEL
106) 4) text: And then he ran. And he's hiding out someplace where you haven't been able to find him. PINTEL
106) 5) text: That's a nice thought, to be sure, and I wager your da wishes he'd thought it hisself. But, no. See, what he'd done, _ didn't sit too well with Captain Barbossa ... so he chained a cannon to his legs and dumped him over. Will reacts with shock at the account of his father's fat PINTEL (CONT'D)
106) 6) text: Yep, last I saw of Bootstrap Bill, was his face looking up, as he sank down to the crushing black oblivion of Davy Jones' locker. (sighs) It was only after, we found out we needed his blood to solve the curse. That's what you call ironic. Barbossa appears behind Pintel, flanked by several other pirates. He regards Will for a moment, then:
108) 0) text: Torches are lit. Barbossa leads Will, guarded by Pintel a a band of pirates, into the caves.
110) 0) text: The pirate group moves deeper into the caves. Will moves along unwillingly. PINTEL
110) 2) text: Turner blood doesn't flow pure in his veins. (grins) Best play it safe, and spill it all. PINTEL
112) 1) text: Careful, now. You could fall in and still be wonder'n when you'll hit dirt. Will makes a decision. He intentionally stumbles. Pintel shoves him forward -- Will continues forward, grabs the pirate in front of him, swings him into the wall of the cave. Catches the pirate's torch, and uses it to ward off the others. WILL
116) 13) text: - - and its guns and crew will cut you and your men to pieces the moment you step outside these caves. A buzz of apprehension sweeps through the pirates. PINTEL
116) 27) text: Mr. Pintel, select five men to stay here. Take the rest of the men out ... not through the caves. Jack's expression falters; this he hadn't planned for. JACK
118) 0) text: Elizabeth has the small boat out, and rows away from the Dauntless, looking ahead over her shoulder. Cotton's parr is nowhere to be seen. In the distance, Pintel breaks the surface near the Dauntless, intent on climbing the anchor; he looks over - Just as Elizabeth rounds the point, and rocks obscure the small longboat from view. More skeleton-pirates appear, and Pintel continues his climb.
121) 0) text: Pintel looks down into the water, satisfied. Puts away hi knife. Notices, pulls out a long piece of seaweed from hi rib cage. Tosses it. Turns to the others. PINTEL