6) 0) text: The skeletal remains of four pirates, still clad in buccaneer rags, hang from gallows erected on a rocky promontory. There is a fifth, unoccupied gallows, bearing sign: PIRATES - YE BE WARNED. The top of a billowing sail passes regally in front of them. On the landward face of the sail, apparently high i the rigging, is a man for whom the term 'swashbuckling rogue' was coined: Captain JACK SPARROW. He gazes keen-eyed at the display as they pass. Raises a tankard in salute. Suddenly, something below catches his attention. He jumps from the rigging - -- and that's when we see that his is ship is not an imposing three-master, but just a small fishing dory with single sail, plowing through the water -- the Jolly Mon. And it leaks. Which is why he has the tankard: to bail. Jack steps back to the tiller, and using a single sheet t control the sail, and the Jolly Mon comes around the promontory, the whole of Port Royal laid out before him. The huge British dreadnought, H.M.S. Dauntless dominates the bay. But Jack's attention is on a different ship: the H.M.S. Interceptor, a small sleek vessel with rail guns a a mortar in the middle of the main deck. It is tied up at the Navy landing, at the base of the cliffs below Fort Charles.
25) 0) text: Streets, buildings, docks and ships shatter and explode beneath the onslaught. Villagers panic, run for cover, dodge flying debris as best they can. If this is not hell on earth, then it's about to be -- -- long boats emerge out of the fog, carrying ARMED PIRATES. They swarm from the boats, striking down ,villagers indiscriminately and setting fires.
26) 0) text: Will slips the boarding axe into his belt at the small of his back. He puts a dirk in his belt, then a second and a third. He picks up a second axe and a sword. Will slides back the doors of the forge -- A woman runs past, chased by a ONE-ARMED PIRATE wearing a yellow bandeau. Will backhands the axe square into his chest, a deadly blow. Will heads out, up the street --
28) 0) text: She reaches the railing overlooking the foyer, and cries out, just as the butler opens the door -- too late; there is the BOOM of a gun, and the butler crumples. Elizabeth ducks down in horror, peering through the balusters. The pirates scan the foyer, searching. The leader is PINTEL, a sallow-looking pirate with a bald hea Suddenly Pintel looks up, and locks eyes with Elizabeth. How could he know she was there?
29) 0) text: Elizabeth shuts the door, locks it, listens as the pirate pound up the stairs --
32) 0) text: -- Elizabeth swings the bed warmer at the second pirate, but he catches it by the handle -- Elizabeth can't jerk i free, so she wrenches it over -- the pan lid swings down, BANGING the second pirate -- hot coals spill on his head, sizzling. Elizabeth dashes for the hallway stairs -
33) 0) text: The pirates burst from the bedroom -- Pintel goes for the stairs, but the second pirate vaults the handrail -- Estrella registers the butler's body, but continues out t still-open front door at a dead run. Elizabeth follows -- The second pirate lands between Elizabeth and the front door. His face is BURNED, his hair SMOLDERS -- he reaches
34) 0) text: Elizabeth slams the double doors shut, throws the bolts. The interior shutters are closed over the windows. Above the fireplace are two crossed swords. Elizabeth climbs on the firebox; she grabs one of the swords by the hilt and pulls -- but it won't come free. Both swords are securely attached to the wall. Damn! A SMASH from the doors -- the pirates are relentless - On the table is a platter with fruit, cheese and bread. Elizabeth grabs the knife from the platter - Like any bread knife, it has a round point. Elizabeth jab it into her palm -- it's useless as a weapon. Double damn The blade of a boarding axe breaches the door -- the pirates will be through soon -- Elizabeth looks around -
35) 0) text: The doors give way; the pirates charge through -
36) 0) text: Empty. Elizabeth nowhere to be seen. Pintel and Smolderin Pirate search, under the table, behind draperies.
38) 8) dialog: To blazes with the code! He steps forward, dirk drawn -- Pintel stops him.
39) 0) text: Will races along, momentarily free of the pirates. He spo the Governor's Mansion in the distance. There are FIGURES moving away from it -- Elizabeth, forced by the two pirates. Will hurries forward - Suddenly a PIRATE jumps out from the shadows, slashes; Wi defends himself. The pirate has one arm and wears a yello bandana. Will hesitates -- didn't he already kill this gu The hesitation is just enough for another PIRATE, swingin a flaming torch, to SLAM Will in the head from behind. Wi crumples. The pirate lights a second torch, hands it to One-arm; th hoot with delight and head off, setting fires as they go. On the ground, Will doesn't move.
42) 0) text: Lit by lanterns; no moon is visible beneath the fog. Smok hangs heavy above the deck. Elizabeth's longboat is raised above the deck rail -- pirates spot her, and stare. One polite fellow steps forward to offer his hand. She takes it and steps down. S huddles, self-conscious in her nightgown and dressing rob
59) 0) text: Barbossa enters, followed by PIRATES carrying trays of food, wine, table setting, etc. Elizabeth stands at the small table in the dress -- lovely.
60) 0) text: -- Elizabeth comes to dead stop. She stares, her jaw working, trying to scream but unable to - The pirate crew works at their stations, coiling lines, navigating the ship, swabbing decks -- but where the moonlight falls across their bodies, they are nauqht but SKELETONS. . Elizabeth turns away from the sight - Barbossa stands just inside the doorway, out of the moonlight. He grabs her roughly by the shoulders and jerk her back around -- Elizabeth shuts her eyes - BARBOSSA
63) 8) text: Good man. Good pirate. And clever -"- I never met anyone with as clever a mind and hands as him. When you were puzzling out that cell door, it was like seeing his twin. WILL
63) 11) text: It's not true that my father was a pirate. JACK
63) 17) text: My father -- was not -- a pirate! Will's sword is out, levelled at Jack. Jack gives him a disbelieving look, sighs. JACK
63) 23) text: For instance: you can accept that your father was a pirate and still a good man... or you can't. Now me, I can sail this ship to Tortuga, by myself. . . (Will looks alarmed) But I can't just let you drown. Jack swings the boom back in. Will drops to the deck. Jac holds the hilt of the sword out. Will takes it. Glares at Jack, considers what he'll do next. Jack watches him coolly. Will turns and strides to his spot on the deck, sits down and resumes sharpening his sword: shhhk -- shhhk -- shhhk ... Jack breathes silent sigh of relief. Notices his hand is shaking -- he takes the wheel. WILL
64) 0) text: A dank and dirty port, where the tides seem to have swept together the scum of the Caribbean -- pirates, privateers prostitutes, thieves, and drunkards. With its cantered, rotting docks, weatherbeaten buildings and odd assortment of livestock running free -- a donkey, chickens, etc. -- it is far less civilized than Port Roya Jack and Will move through the crowd. A REDHEADED woman turns her head -- she has noticed Jack. JACK
66) 0) text: A drunken man lays in the mud, having a friendly conversation with two pigs. He wears an old tattered Navy jacket. A sudden SPRAY OF WATER splashes across his face, revealing: this is old JOSHAMEE GIBBS (the man who told pirate stories to Elizabeth when she was a child). He sputters and roars: GIBBS
67) 4) text: Oh, there's a hard tale, Jack. Most of the decent pirates in town won't sail with you -- seem to think you're a jinx. JACK
73) 17) text: The pistol. When a pirate is marooned, Will, he's given a pistol with a single shot. No good for hunting, or surviving, really. But after three weeks of starvation and thirst -- the option of that pistol begins to look good. Jack lets this sink in. He pulls out the pistol, raises i JACK (CONT'D)
74) 0) text: On Barbossa, face upturned. No expression in his eyes. Around him a group of pirates, Elizabeth among them, stan as still as stones, in front of a dark cave opening. Thei faces look upward, their total lack of movement disconcerting. Above the cave, on a hillock, the pirate Koehler gazes ou toward the horizon. Slowly he TRANSFORMS, head-to-toe, fr pirate to SKELETON- The MOON has climbed free of the storm clouds, rising large. and full on the horizon. The skeleton turns - KOEHLER
74) 2) text: Hah! (to the pirates) Be mindful of pits and crevasses. Stay together. He takes a torch. Moves into the cave. The pirates follow
77) 0) text: Flickering torchlight. Pirates stoop low to enter a caver
77) 3) text: Aye. And not a bit of it any use to us, only hoarded. But it will drive us no longer. Elizabeth pauses, staring at herself in a jewel-encrusted mirror -- and then is pushed along by the pirates.
80) 0) text: The pirate group reaches the end of a small chamber of mostly jewels and pearl piled around a large bed -
81) 1) text: Here we stand before the cursed treasure of Cortez himself. Won by blood, it demands blood in return. All eyes turn -- onto Elizabeth. Pintle takes the stone knife from the chest, approaches her. Elizabeth shrinks back, but is held by two other pirates. Pintel grins. Grabs her by the wrist. She turns her head away, shuts her eyes. Pintle raises the knife ... ... and then very carefully, daintily, uses just the shar tip of the knife to just prick! Elizabeth's finger. One tiny red drop of blood appears, and drips down onto t medallion. Elizabeth opens her eyes, surprised. PINTEL
81) 2) text: What did you expect? We're all gentlemen here, right and proper. The pirates laugh. Barbossa takes the medallion, grins at Elizabeth.
81) 12) text: No. The pirates cry out in alarm. Barbossa gathers himself, getting his rage under steely control. BARBOSSA
81) 17) text: If you had sailed with Morgan for ten years like I have, you'd know not to question me! Elizabeth sits up, watching the pirates argue, for a mome unnoticed. Suddenly, a scabbard comes down, right above her. Startled, Elizabeth looks up -- -- Will is at the top of a mound of coins, reaching down with his scabbard for her to grab onto. Elizabeth quickly leans forward, takes the bloodied medallion from the pile. Reaches back, grabs the scabbard Will pulls her up - BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
83) 3) text: The trick isn't getting here, it's getting away. As if on cue, they hear the yells of pirates, coming closer. They take off -
84) 7) text: I'm sure. When you've led the kind of life I have, there are debts that must be paid. Maybe I can balance the scales a little. Will nods, hesitates... gives Jack his sword - - now Jack has two, ..one for each hand. Elizabeth gives him a quick kiss. Will and Elizabeth race away, and are gone. Jack watches them for a moment, turns to face the pirates He sticks the two swords in the ground, crossed. Leans casually against a rock. A group of pirates round a corner, cutlasses drawn, ready to fight -- but Jack raises his hand. JACK (CONT'D)
84) 8) text: I invoke the right of parlay, according to the Code of the Brethren, set down by the pirates Morgan and Bartholomew...
85) 0) text: Jack stands before Barbossa, surrounded by pirates. Jack has a wide smile on his face -- and Barbossa doesn't like it. BARBOSSA
85) 14) text: I'm supposed to ... trust you? The pirates laugh. JACK
85) 15) text: I'm a man of my word. The pirates laugh louder. JACK (CONT' D)
85) 24) text: And if I tell you the truth, you become mortal, and you won't come near me because you know I'd kill you. Barbossa hesitates. The pirates are amazed at how the tid has turned; Barbossa has gone past considering the idea, and might even do it. BARBOSSA
85) 27) text: You're playing this as close to the edge as any man, I'll give you that. (decides, smiles) We might just have to sign articles, you and I. Jack, you're a pirate at heart, that's certain. Jack nods.
86) 4) text: To keep it away from them? No pirate would sail to London, for fear of Execution Dock. WILL
95) 6) text: Will -- it'll go worse for us -- for Elizabeth, especially -- if we fight. Will stares -- and nods. But his expression is still defiant. The deck slants; the ship is sinking. pirates swarm acros on ropes, and take control of the Interceptor.
96) 0) text: The top masts of the H.M.S. Interceptor sink into the smooth' crystal waters of the Caribbean - -- as Will and Elizabeth, held by pirates, are brought before Barbossa -- and see that Jack stands beside him, manacled. Gibbs, AnaMaria and Cotton and the other crewmembers hudd together. Barbossa's wrath falls on Elizabeth. BARBOSSA
96) 1) text: Welcome back, Miss. Last time on board, you played me right clever, make pretending and all. I hope your stay this time is more pleasant. Boys, show her some hospitality! He shoves her into a group of pirates; they yell their approval. She is pushed from one to another. This goads Will to action. He head-butts the pirate behin him, grabs a pistol, waves it at the pirates. WILL
96) 9) text: My name is Will Turner, the son of Bootstrap Bill Turner. His blood runs in my veins. (raises the gun to his head) You need my blood. And on my word I will pull this trigger, and sink all the way down to Davy Jones' Locker! Pintel squints at Will; the pirates murmur surprise. TWIGG
96) 20) text: Eh? You have my word, then -- on the Good Book, I do swear, and the Lord spare my worthless soul. Barbossa crosses himself, as do many of his men. Will lowers the gun ... steps down -- the pirates surroun him. They snatch away the pistol. BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
96) 24) text: Jack, Elizabeth ... I'm a man of my word and you're to be set free, right quick. (loudly) Men, break out the plank! A CHEER goes up from the pirates. Will realizes what Barbossa intends to do, struggles with his captors. WILL
98) 0) text: Jack, wrists still bound, stands in the classic 'walking the plank' pose. Elizabeth is next in line. Pirates crowd the ship's rail to watch. JACK
98) 5) text: The last time you did this, you left me a pistol, with one shot. The pirates mutter agreement. PINTEL
98) 8) text: A gentleman might give us two pistols, seeing as there are two of us, this time. A pirate hands Jack's pistol to Barbossa. BARBOSSA
98) 9) text: Tell you what. I'll   give you one pistol, and let you   be the gentleman, an' shoot the lady,   and starve to death yourself! (grins) That is, presuming   you're not both drownded. The pirates laugh. Barbossa tosses Jack the pistol -- but over his head, and down into the water with a splash. BARBOSSA (CONTID)
98) 16) text: Have at her, lads! The pirates rush to comply. Lift her up, toss her over th rail -- with a scream she falls --
101) 25) text: Nothing ... it's nothing. Just ... I'm reminded of a song I learned as a child. A song about pirates. JACK
101) 26) text: I know a lot of songs about pirates, but none I'd teach a child. Let's hear it. ELIZABETH
101) 27) text: Oh, no ... it's silly.   Back in England we didn't know   a thing about pirates, really.   They seemed so romantic and daring   - Jack likes the way that sounds. ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
101) 29) text: Now I must hear this song. An authentic pirate song. Have at it. ELIZABETH
102) 1) text: Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me! Yo ho, yo ho, it's a pirates life for me! JACK
102) 2) text: I LOVE this song! (sings) Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me! We're beggars and blighters, ne'er do well cads, Drink up me hearties, yo ho! (gives it a touch of Irish ballad) Aye but we're loved by our mums and our dads. Drink up me hearties, yo ho! They hoist their bottles, but only Jack drinks. He drains the bottle, then tosses it away. JACK   (CONT'D)
102) 4) text: You'll be positively the most fearsome pirates to sail the Spanish Main. Elizabeth salutes the idea with her bottle. Jack doesn't have a bottle to salute back. She hands him hers. He drinks, then settles shakily to the ground. Elizabeth sit beside him. JACK
105) 7) text: No. The pirates have taken Will - NORRINGTON
105) 10) text: Norrington, think about it ... the Black Pearl, its captain and crew... the last pirate threat in the Caribbean. How can you pass that up? NORRINGTON
106) 6) text: Yep, last I saw of Bootstrap Bill, was his face looking up, as he sank down to the crushing black oblivion of Davy Jones' locker. (sighs) It was only after, we found out we needed his blood to solve the curse. That's what you call ironic. Barbossa appears behind Pintel, flanked by several other pirates. He regards Will for a moment, then:
107) 12) text: Funny, I was thinking   along those lines. How about you let me   go in alone, and while you're setting   up an ambush, I'll trick the pirates out   to you. NORRINGTON
108) 0) text: Torches are lit. Barbossa leads Will, guarded by Pintel a a band of pirates, into the caves.
110) 0) text: The pirate group moves deeper into the caves. Will moves along unwillingly. PINTEL
112) 1) text: Careful, now. You could fall in and still be wonder'n when you'll hit dirt. Will makes a decision. He intentionally stumbles. Pintel shoves him forward -- Will continues forward, grabs the pirate in front of him, swings him into the wall of the cave. Catches the pirate's torch, and uses it to ward off the others. WILL
116) 3) text: Thank you, Jack Sparrow. The jump -- Barbossa is standing right behind them, flank by his men. The trio whirl to run - - more pirates emerge from hiding. Nearly the entire crew of the Black Pearl is there. The pirates grab Will and Jack. Will struggles, but Jack does not fight at all. BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
116) 4) text: You couldn't have led him back more directly if you knew exactly where you were going. He laughs, and moves toward the stone chest. The pirates follow, dragging Will and Jack with them. WILL
116) 13) text: - - and its guns and crew will cut you and your men to pieces the moment you step outside these caves. A buzz of apprehension sweeps through the pirates. PINTEL
116) 26) text: Men! Are you up for it? The pirates yell to the affirmative. BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
118) 0) text: Elizabeth has the small boat out, and rows away from the Dauntless, looking ahead over her shoulder. Cotton's parr is nowhere to be seen. In the distance, Pintel breaks the surface near the Dauntless, intent on climbing the anchor; he looks over - Just as Elizabeth rounds the point, and rocks obscure the small longboat from view. More skeleton-pirates appear, and Pintel continues his climb.
121) 1) text: Be quick, now. Train the starboard guns on the beach, and set your aim. Wait for my signal, we don't want to spook them. The pirates hurry to comply -
123) 0) text: Four PIRATES -- who really ought to be keeping watch - instead have gathered wine bottles and rum casts into a pile, along apples, biscuits -- all the food on the ship. They act out a mock-feast, in anticipation of the curse being lifted. A SKINNY skeleton offers two bottles BIG
125) 0) text: Will, guarded by pirates, glares at Jack. WILL
125) 2) text: Oh, please -- do I really seem that clever? Before Will can answer, Jack smoothly slips the sword fro a Pirate's scabbard -- tosses it to Will, who catches it despite his surprise. JACK (CONT'D)
125) 3) text: Use it well. He draws his own sword -- and clobbers the Pirate. Barbos and the other pirates stare in shock - BARBOSSA
125) 4) text: Confound it, Jack -- I was actually beginning to like you! Swords are drawn, and the Pirates attack. Jack and Will take on multiple opponents, each with his o style: Will parries, glissades and disarms with lightning fast and perfect form, while Jack uses his blade, fists, acrobatics and anything within reach to survive.
126) 0) text: The sailors charge. The moon emerges from behind a cloud Suddenly army of SKELETON PIRATES rise up from the sea, a charge the stunned sailors -- several men are struck down NORRINGTON
126) 1) text: Steady, men! Remember -- we're the Navy! The sailors recover their nerve, and engage the enemy. It a full on battle, Royal Navy against Skeleton Pirates - The Navy men are driven back, surrounded - Suddenly there is a massive BOOM of cannon fire. Norrington, in the midst of a swordfight, tries to see - NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
128) 0) text: The pirates on the ship are caught by surprise, try to tu their cannons to this new foe -
130) 0) text: Only two pirates left: Barbossa and Jacoby. Jacoby rounds on Will; Barbossa faces off against Jack. BARBOSSA
131) 0) text: Murtogg FIRES a pistol at a pirate. The pirate is hit, screams in pain, and crumples to the ground. Mullroy runs through another with his sword. The pirates react to the sight, and quickly realize their peril. They set their weapons down in surrender.
132) 0) text: The Black Pearl comes alongside the Dauntless, and Jack's crew swarm across, overwhelming the pirates. The sailors on the beach see it, and CHEER.
133) 1) text: Well, you're the worst pirate I've ever heard of. (smiles) You're a man who can be trusted, who can be counted on, and who can It betray his friends. What kind of pirate is that? JACK
133) 2) text: (admits it) The worst. (beat) On the other hand, maybe I'm a man who can't pass up a chance for revenge against the black-hearted bastard who stole my ship and left me to die in the middle of the ocean -- twice! -- and who knows how to get what he wants. Now that's a great pirate. Jack cuts his palm, grips the coin he stole above the che ... and then hesitates. Will looks at him... Jack releases the coin. It lands in the chest beside the other bloody coin. Suddenly, the lid of the chest, all on its own, SLAMS SHU Elizabeth stares at it. WILL
135) 6) text: The Black Pearl! People rush to the parapet. Sure enough, below in the bay are the distinctive black sails of the Pearl. The ship cu through the waters very close to the point - -- where the gallows of the pirates are. Suddenly Jack appears, on the point; he swings off the one empty gallows, across and down onto the ship's rigging as it passes. GILLETTE
136) 4) text: Mr. Gibbs, organize a cleaning detail - you and Cotton. I want every inch of the Pearl spic-and-span and ship-shape! Gibbs actually stomps the deck, executes a salute. Jack stands at the wheel: he's got his ship back, and all is right with the world. He begins to unconsciously hum: "Yo, ho, yo, ho, a pirate's life for me ..." He realizes what he's doing and smiles, the orchestra tak over as the Black Pearl sails for uncharted waters ... an we FADE UP large words in script: THE END