0) 12) dialog: Hey.
0) 14) text: Thomas takes a deep, healthy breath. Burrows just stares him.
0) 15) dialog: I warned you about that cheerful  shit.
0) 19) dialog: Friend here did a half-gainer with a  firebird tuck from the third floor.
0) 21) dialog: Not unless he decided not to bother  opening the window first.
0) 23) dialog: Well, he wasn't exactly in a condition  to walk a chalk line when we got  here. You're welcome to try and smell  his breath if you like, that is if  you can find the mouth.
0) 25) dialog: On their way. Willie promises a white  paper tomorrow. Or Wednesday,  depending on his golf game.
0) 27) text: Burrows nods in the direction of a very shook up young ma sitting on the curb.
0) 28) dialog: Mr. Jiminez. Was taking a short cut  to his job at a packing plant on San  Pedro. First thing he remembers about  the deceased is several vital organs  bouncing off his windshield.
0) 30) dialog: He's straight. Shook up some.
0) 32) dialog: No wallet, license, nothing. He is  missing one or two things, though.
0) 34) dialog: His eyes.
0) 36) dialog: We've found everything else -- and  what fun that was, let me tell you --  but the eyes are still AWOL. Might  just be stuck in the radiator grill.  Little weird though.
0) 38) dialog: Both popping out together like that.  Worth a page in my scrapbook.
1) 0) text: Burrows and Thomas coming up the stairs.
1) 2) dialog: John Smith.
1) 4) dialog: There are, what an intelligent,  experienced detective like yourself  could possibly construe as signs of  a struggle.
1) 6) dialog: Naturally nobody saw or heard  anything.
1) 8) text: Thomas looks at the splashes of blood, overturned dresser a newspaper, the "Chimney Rock Republican"; one name in i obit section circled. Burrows sighs and checks his watch.
1) 9) dialog: Ku San's on fourteenth is still open  for another hour. Whatd'ya say we  pull out the 'ol "SUICIDE" rubber  stamp and get some lunch. Rancid  chow mein and watered beer for under  three bucks.
1) 11) dialog: That usually happens when you break  a window.
1) 15) dialog: Arizona desert, I think. Which is  exactly where I'm going to be in two  years, three months.
1) 17) dialog: You're breaking my heart.