12) 0) text: It's mostly empty at this time of day and the young man  sitting in the pew, staring at the altar, is alone. His n is GABRIEL and he wears jeans, a faded leather jacket, an dark sunglasses, even inside. His thin hair is slicked ba and there's an almost feminine quality about him. He sits there a moment longer, staring, then gets up and  leaves.
13) 0) text: The alley from the beginning. Gabriel pulls his old,  convertible rambler to a stop and walks into the flophous
14) 0) text: He comes upstairs to the landing, where the door to the r is covered with a strip of yellow tape: POLICE INVESTIGAT DO NOT ENTER. Gabriel pulls the tape aside and KICKS the door open.
16) 0) text: An old fifties two-level, Polynesian lamps and glitter st now faded and browinish with water stains. Gabriel, the y man with the sunglasses and leather jacket we last saw ki down the door at the flophouse, walks up the apartment's  stairs to the second level, knocks once, and opens the do
16) 2) dialog: Gee Jerry, you look like shit.
16) 3) text: The eyes lift to Gabriel, revealing a pale, bloodless fac eaten with dried sores.
16) 5) dialog: Soon, pal. Soon.
16) 6) text: Gabriel drops into the chair across from Jerry and pushes aside with distaste the maggot-ridden plates of food pile on the table. He reaches his hand out to Jerry.
16) 7) dialog: Come here.
16) 9) dialog: (sing-song, like to a  baby) Come here...
16) 10) text: Gabriel puts his hand under Jerry's chin and turns the fa side to side, examining the cracked, decaying skin and fi eyes.
16) 11) dialog: Hmmm. Still a little life left in  you. Barely.
16) 13) text: Gabriel releases Jerry's chin and slouches down in the ch
16) 14) dialog: There's something I want you to do  for me.
16) 16) dialog: Don't be that way.
16) 18) dialog: I will, I will. Promise.
16) 20) dialog: You need some new clothes, son.
16) 22) dialog: Aw come on, don't start. You know  how I hate that...
16) 24) dialog: Watch the profanity. -- Just one  more favor. Honest.
16) 26) dialog: I want you to get something for me.  A few personal effects the cops ripped  off from the lovely Allenwood Arms  on Seventh Street. It'll be sitting  in their property room down on San  Julian.
16) 28) dialog: Give you a bath, put on some decent  clothes, (beat) Maybe a very large brim hat, you'll  be fine. Just go in between five and  five-ten, it's a shift change and  nobody'll notice you.
16) 30) dialog: (cocks an eye) C'mon. (tosses yellow ID  card onto table) This should be more or less up to  date.
16) 32) dialog: John Doe.
16) 34) text: Gabriel gets up, pats Jerry on the head, and walks to the door.
16) 35) dialog: I'll see you tonight. (flips him silver  dollar) Here's some bus fare.
21) 0) text: Gabriel steps off the elevator and follows the signs for  MEDICAL EXAMINER. Along the way he passes a checkpoint gu
21) 2) dialog: I'll just be a second.
21) 4) dialog: Sorry.
21) 5) text: Gabriel walks back to the guard, smiles, and KNOCKS him c out of his chair with the back of his arm. The guard SMAC against the wall and crumples out of view.
22) 0) text: Tiled floor and refrigerated corpses. Nobody's around whe Gabriel enters. He walks over to a file cabinet and remov a thick folder. Then he walks to the big filing cabinets, the ones that hold a body in each drawer. He strolls alon tapping each label till he finds the one he's looking for slides it open, and looks down at the naked body of the  gargoyle. He's been sewed back together. Kind of. Gabriel grabs the eyeless corpse under the armpits and drags him out onto t floor where he pushes the legs together and outstretches arms, like a crucifix. From his coat Gabriel takes out a  small vial of oil and rubs it onto the gargoyle's feet an hands. Anointing them. Then with the tip of his finger, h draws a faint sign of the cross on the forehead, stands, walks for the door. In the background, as Gabriel leaves, we see the body of gargoyle BURST into flame.
28) 0) text: Gabriel crouches on the linoleum and pours everything out the evidence box onto the floor. He sifts through it, a s appearing when comes across the Chimney Rock Republican a its circled obituary.
28) 1) dialog: You like the desert, Jerry?
28) 4) dialog: -- Soon. Honest. Don't be a pest  about it.
28) 6) dialog: Excellent advice.
30) 0) text: On an utterly lonely blacktop, Gabriel shoots by in his t down rambler, insignificant in the night's vastness. Jerr in the back, feet up on the seat.
30) 2) dialog: Some things are human work, son.  Live or dead, human work. Besides, I  like you.
30) 4) text: Gabriel suddenly stands on the brakes, SCREECHING the ram to a dusty stop. He kills the engine and everything is  instantly whispering night and coyote howls. Gabriel clim out and walks to the edge of a cliff. Far below, nestled  among the finger-like spires of volcanic cones, lies The  Town. Twinkling lights in a cold, dark embrace. Gabriel pushes his sunglasses up his nose and smiles.
30) 5) dialog: I can always smell a graveyard.
31) 0) text: On a low hill at the edge of town. Cracked, sinking  headstones. The rambler's parked next to a new one, Slim  Pickens on the AM, as Jerry digs up the fresh grave marke General Arnold Hawthorne. Gabriel sits perched on the  headstone over the grave like a winged creature.
31) 2) dialog: I always enjoy watching you work,  Jerry.
31) 4) dialog: Come on, you didn't really want to  kill yourself.
31) 6) dialog: Well, yes. Technically.
31) 8) dialog: Letting you die slower.
31) 10) dialog: Thank you, Jerry. I'm touched. Really.
31) 13) dialog: Ah, but it's not what's on the outside  that matters --
31) 14) text: Gabriel leaps off his perch down into the grave.
31) 15) dialog: -- It's what's on the inside.
31) 16) text: Gabriel reaches down, places one hand on the General's  forehead, one on his chin, and BREAKS the mouth open. He  gazes down into it. Then suddenly stiffens and straighten up.
31) 17) dialog: (upset) It's not here.
31) 18) text: Gabriel frantically look in the ears. Up the nose.
31) 19) dialog: It's not here!
31) 21) dialog: (spins wildly on him) Shut up!!
31) 22) text: Gabriel BANGS the coffin lid in frustration. Tries to thi
31) 23) dialog: Now, if you were a soul, where would  you hide?
33) 0) text: Silent and dead at this hour. Gabriel's boots creak on th floorboards of the 19th century plank sidewalks. He taps finger aimlessly along plate glass shop windows.
33) 1) dialog: Boy, what a dump, huh?
33) 2) text: Jerry, limping on a foot that's caving in on itself, wipi the spinal fluid out of his dead eye, shuffles along behi Gabriel pops off the elevated sidewalk, grabs a parking m and swings himself playfully around.
33) 3) dialog: Why can't this shit ever go down in  Miami? Or Bora Bora? I feel like  I've spent my whole damn stay in gin  swills like this.
33) 5) text: Gabriel suddenly freezes. He sticks his nose up, sniffs l a coyote, then abruptly drops to the ground in a push-up smells the dirt. Tastes it with his tongue. Smiles.
33) 6) dialog: Well well...
34) 1) dialog: Hi, Simon.
34) 6) text: Gabriel sits down against the wall.
34) 7) dialog: So, what shall we talk about?  Theology?
34) 9) dialog: Fair enough...
34) 10) text: Gabriel turns his boot to the moon, watches the pale ligh glint back off the lizard scales.
34) 11) dialog: You know why I'm here.
34) 13) dialog: Don't happen to have it on you by  chance?
34) 15) dialog: That would have been too easy.
34) 17) dialog: Please, Simon. Get serious.
34) 18) text: Gabriel walks over to him. Puts his face close.
34) 19) dialog: Now. Where's the soul? (beat) You know. So high. Used to reside in  the recently departed General  Hawthorne.
34) 20) text: Simon doesn't answer. Gabriel shrugs.
34) 21) dialog: Have it your way, big guy.
34) 23) dialog: Shoot.
34) 25) text: Gabriel pauses, almost thoughtfully. Then he smiles.
34) 26) dialog: That's hardly the point, is it?
34) 28) dialog: Happens.
34) 30) dialog: I like it here, Simon. I always have.
34) 32) text: Gabriel grasps Simon's hand.
34) 33) dialog: Then join us, Simon. Reject the Nicene  Council. We were here first.
34) 35) dialog: You know the routine.
34) 37) text: Gabriel's hand is suddenly on Simon's face, fingers sprea claw-like. They press into the flesh. Hard. And harder. U Simon starts to bleed. Then to burn.
37) 0) text: Gabriel releases his grip on Simon, letting him fall back against the wall, afire. His clothes twist and blacken. H skin creeps and pops. His sunglasses melt and fall away;  revealing two hollow pits beneath. Gabriel lifts Simon's  entire body up off the floor by just the disintegrating f and stares into the hollow pits.
37) 1) dialog: Not yet.
37) 2) text: And the fires go out. Gabriel drops the crackling, acrid  body onto the floor. Impossibly, through the sizzling muc and molten hair, it breathes. It gasps in pain. It won't  die.
37) 3) dialog: I can do this for five months,  Simon...
39) 0) text: Gabriel's lizard boots pace back and forth past Simon's  writhing, burning body. Gabriel's more jittery now. Losin his patience. He bends down and pulls Simon's face up to  his.
39) 1) dialog: This is getting boring, Simon.
39) 3) dialog: Where is it? Where did you put it?
39) 4) text: The seared skin around Simon's mouth comes off in Gabriel hand. But Simon is still, even now, silent.
39) 5) dialog: Where is it!
39) 7) dialog: I'm just about out of tricks here.  You're a tough one, friend. Old  school.
39) 9) dialog: God loves you, Simon.
39) 10) text: And with the other hand Gabriel JAMS his fist into Simon' chest, PULLING OUT a lumpy, burned heart. Simon's mouth  springs open and hisses emptily. Gabriel slips the heart  into his pocket and lets go of Simon's shoulder. The body instantly disintegrates and crashes to the floor.
49) 2) text: Thomas turns in surprise. Gabriel is kneeling in the row  behind, inches from his ear.
49) 3) dialog: Don't get me wrong. I think it's an  excellent sign of character.
49) 4) text: There's something cold and creepy about Gabriel. Out of p in here. There's another sound. Teeth chattering far in t back. Thomas turns and sees Jerry, deep in the shadows of the choir box. Jerry waves.
49) 5) dialog: Never mind him. He shouldn't even be  in here. Least not standing.
49) 7) dialog: You're not from here.
49) 9) dialog: I'm looking for something.
49) 11) dialog: I will. Have you found what you're  looking for?
49) 13) dialog: (appraising him) I don't doubt it. (stands) You'll let me know? When you find  it?
49) 15) dialog: I'm around.
57) 0) text: Deep in the tunneled rock, past the rusting conveyor belt Gabriel sits in a small cave blowing Miles Davis on his  trumpet. There's just the blanket he sits on and a single candle. Jerry comes around the corner.
57) 1) dialog: Get any sleep? (Jerry only stares) -- Just kidding.
58) 0) text: As Katherine climbs out of her pick-up she sees several o her students standing in a circle. Crouched in the center talking to them, is a man. Gabriel. Jerry stands nearby. Gabriel is showing a boy his trumpet. Demonstrating where put his fingers.
58) 1) dialog: ...There, and there. Now pucker your  lips... aim it that way, and just  blow a little bit, this is a special  trumpet.
58) 3) dialog: Very good, Timmy. Very good. Here,  have a Junior Mint on me. Open up.
58) 4) text: As Timmy opens his mouth we clearly see Gabriel looking d into it. Looking for something...
58) 5) dialog: Who's next?
58) 6) text: Katherine approaches the scene warily. The children all b for their turn. Gabriel selects Sandra, one of Mary's sec grade friends, and puts her on his knee.
58) 7) dialog: And who are you?
58) 10) dialog: And did you see the man upstairs,  Sandra?
58) 12) dialog: Did you talk to him?
58) 14) dialog: And who did, Sandra. Who talked to  the man?
58) 16) dialog: And where is Mary, Sandra?
58) 18) dialog: You've got very pretty teeth, Sandra.  Here, let me see...
58) 21) text: Gabriel looks up, unperturbed, and smiles.
58) 22) dialog: Just talking to the kids, Ma'am.
58) 26) dialog: See ya, kids. Be sure to study your  math.
58) 29) dialog: It's a long story.
58) 31) dialog: Ignore him.
58) 34) dialog: You're right...
58) 36) dialog: ...You have no idea what's going on.
59) 0) text: Katherine drives through the main drag and out past the f of town. As she passes the old copper mine she sees, park near the mine's tunnel entrance, Gabriel's rambler.
61) 19) text: But Thomas can't hear Katherine anymore, her voice has  disappeared beneath the whine. As it becomes too much he  leans his weight against the rock wall and shuts his eyes It's then they come. Flashes of images: Of screams and fi Of impossible vistas of emptiness and death. And shriekin overhead, shrieking everywhere; grotesque, winged creatur with no eyes. Some with faces we know; Gabriel, Simon, an the gargoyle. All these images are being jammed into both their minds by the cave. Thomas forces his eyes open but the scenes playing all ar him won't go away. Tears are running down Katherine's fac as she stands there locked in the same images. Thomas stu about the room as if drunk, the visions, incomprehendibly black visions of war and destruction on an alien plateau, eat his brain. He sinks to his knees and begins to cry.
64) 2) text: Thomas looks out the window and notices for the first tim parked behind the trailer, Gabriel's rambler. He immediat pulls out his pistol, runs for the closed door at the end the hall and KICKS it in. The door FLIES open, revealing  Gabriel sitting on the bed beside Mary.
64) 4) text: His gun's leveled at Gabriel's head. The angel sits there impassively, then smiles.
64) 5) dialog: You know. Son of a bitch, the priest  wanna-be actually figured it out.  That's a rare club, son. At least  down here.
64) 7) dialog: She won't feel anything, honest.  I'll have to tear her apart of course --  just the way it goes -- but it'll be  all right in the end. A good catholic  boy like you, Mr. Daggett, you should  be on my side.
64) 9) dialog: You're gonna have to watch that  profanity.
64) 10) text: Jerry suddenly LEAPS out from behind the door and TACKLES Thomas to the carpet. The gun skitters to one side as Jer SINKS his rotting teeth into Thomas's shoulder. Thomas cr out and SLAMS his fist against Jerry's head, knocking off ear. Gabriel turns back to Mary's frightened face and smiles a he runs a hand through her hair.
64) 11) dialog: It'll only be a moment...
64) 12) text: Katherine suddenly HAMMERS Gabriel across the side of the head with a chair, KNOCKING him to the floor. As he gets she HITS him again. Thomas manages to bring his leg up and KICKS Jerry hard  against the chest, forcing him off. Gabriel GRABS both of Katherine's legs and PULLS, CRASHIN her flat on her back. Thomas scrambles for his gun, grabs it, and as Jerry come at him again spins and FIRES twice. The slugs RIP into Je chest and knock him to his knees. As the putrid, curdled  juices pump lumpily out of him, Jerry looks up at Thomas smiles.
64) 14) text: Thomas FIRES a slug into his forehead. Jerry's brain wink out as he collapses to the floor, dead. Thomas's gun is abruptly WRENCHED from his hand onto the as Gabriel NAILS him with a thrown lamp, vaults the bed  between them, and grabs him by the collar, SLAMMING Thoma up against the wall. He looks down at Jerry's finally lif corpse, incensed at Thomas's handiwork.
64) 15) dialog: You little pest, do you have any  idea how hard it is to get one of  those?
64) 18) dialog: Because I'm an angel, you miserable  wretch! I kill first borns while  their mothers watch! I turn whole  cities into salt! I even, when I  feel like it, rip the souls from  little girls! And from now until  eternity, the only thing you'll be  able to count on in your pathetic  little existence is never knowing  why! (deep breath) I'm wasting my time here. (turns to Mary) C'mon petunia, let's get on with  it...
64) 19) text: Gabriel walks over to the bed. The moment he gets close,  Mary lifts Thomas's pistol up from the sheets and SHOOTS twice, the impact KNOCKING him on his ass. Katherine rushes to Mary, scoops her up and runs for the  door. She pauses beside Thomas, still lying in the wrecka of the table.
64) 21) text: Katherine disappears through the bedroom doorway. Gabriel spins around and stands. Thomas leaps from a ragg crouch, HITTING Gabriel low with a body-block. It's like butting concrete. Gabriel picks up Thomas by the scruff of the neck and HEA him THROUGH the flimsy room paneling. Thomas CRASHES with mass of splinters into the kitchen. He stumbles backward  hopelessly as Gabriel peruses him through the trailer. He desperately throws pots, glasses, anything at Gabriel. Fi trapped, he scrambles up onto the dinner table, SCATTERIN salt and sugar bowls, and DIVES through the levored windo
64) 45) text: Again, the pain. The second deputy has walked over to Gabriel.
64) 50) text: The volunteer fire engine growls up through the weeds,  drowning out Thomas's words. Two firemen kneel down besid him with medical kits. The deputy has walked over to his partner and the two are dragging back between them a cuffed, comatose Gabriel.
64) 54) text: Gabriel's head lies low between the shoulders. The deputy looks with concern at the firemen.
64) 56) text: The deputy nods. As they carry on to the car with Gabriel the angel turns his head slightly and smiles a smile only for Thomas.
71) 52) dialog: Heavy sleeper, John.
71) 53) text: John's eyes open wide in shock. Gabriel's skin is blacken and blistered in parts. Whole shards of his shirt are mis John tries to sit up but Gabriel forces his head back dow with his palm. With the ease of a spider he slides down a beside John.
71) 55) dialog: Don't be such a materialist, John. (sees empty bourbon  bottle on dresser,  sighs) No end to your bad habits.
71) 57) dialog: A moment of your time.
71) 59) text: Gabriel leans said nose in very close and whispers,
71) 60) dialog: Where are they, John? Katherine and  Mary? Where would they go?
71) 62) dialog: Sure you do. Think hard.
71) 64) dialog: Now you're not even trying, John.  You're Katherine's best friend. She  tells you everything.
71) 66) text: Gabriel extends a blistered, open palm over John's face.
71) 67) dialog: I can help you remember, John...
71) 72) dialog: Someone's going to die here soon.  I'll just be a minute.
71) 74) dialog: The timing's important. I can smell  these things, you know.
71) 75) text: The nurse reaches for the telephone. Gabriel takes it awa from her with one hand and with the other grasps her face open-palmed and whispers,
71) 76) dialog: Go to sleep.
71) 77) text: The nurse slides out of her chair and collapses to the fl Gabriel pulls out the metal clipboards holding each patie chart and flips through them, tossing one after another a as unsuitable.
71) 78) dialog: Recovering... Recovering... Stable... (finally settles on  one) Deteriorating critical.
71) 79) text: Satisfied, he steps over to one of the beds, pulls back t curtain and sits down beside an unconscious, middle-aged  woman. He watches patiently, listening the beeping scrawl the EKG above her. It was weak to begin with but now it's faltering badly,  becoming the unsynched etchings of a child. A beeping ala has begun to ring and her breathing is slowing to nothing At the last possible moment Gabriel places his fingers ac her face, whispering to her, coaxing her.
71) 80) dialog: Whoa, not just yet. Come on back.  That's it...
71) 81) text: The EKG's still flat but the woman is breathing. She begi to choke, to cough, then suddenly sits up and opens her e She looks in disbelief around her, finally settling on  Gabriel's grin.
71) 82) dialog: Hi.
71) 85) dialog: Hey, c'mon, don't start... (looks at chart) -- Rachael. Here... (hands her kleenex) It's only for a short time. (grins) Promise.
72) 0) text: A reality bruised waitress, Madge, sets down a coffee and milkshake before Gabriel. He downs the shake in one belt.
72) 1) dialog: Say, Ma'am, any idea where I can  find Old Woman Butte?
72) 3) dialog: I don't suppose you could be just a  tad more specific. Madge.
72) 6) dialog: Not for a while, I'm afraid. Funniest  thing.
72) 7) text: Madge has a lot of things she misses in her life, but one them she decides isn't Gabriel.
72) 9) text: Gabriel downs the coffee, stands, and tosses a bill on th counter.
72) 10) dialog: I doubt we'll meet again.
74) 0) text: Radio turned up, sophomoric grin glued on his face, Gabri roars past and begins the snaking climb up the side of th butte. The sun has almost completely slipped away now, le the land a deathly bluish grey. The road flattens out at the top of the butte and Gabriel can see the village glowing at the far end. He punches th rambler, winding it up for the last stretch, and pats the blonde on the knee.
74) 1) dialog: You'll like this, Rachael.
74) 2) text: Maybe not. There's a sudden glint of metal in the headlights as Thom at the last moment PULLS UP the heavy chain and HOOKS it  over the far post. Gabriel does something pointless with brakes and SLAMS forward into it. The whole rear of the c STANDS UP on impact, PITCHING Gabriel through the windshi into the dust. Thomas steps out from behind the post armed with an iron  bar. The rambler hisses and belches a death rattle as he  cautiously walks toward the spot of gloom where Gabriel l
74) 3) dialog: (breathless) Nice move.
74) 5) dialog: You ought to come work for us.  Upstairs. We sneak the odd civilian  in now and then, you know. You'd  like it. Nobody tells you when to go  to bed, can eat all the ice cream  you want. And you get to kill. All  day and all night. Just like an angel.
74) 6) text: Thomas doesn't answer. Gabriel's body looks ravaged as he carefully steps closer and closer.
74) 7) dialog: Save yourself, friend. Why go to the  wall with the bitch and her rug rat?  It'll all turn out the same anyway.  Here or in heaven, we're still gonna  tear the kid apart.
74) 9) dialog: A little speechy today, aren't we? (sighs) Okay pal, have it your way.
74) 10) text: Gabriel's legs suddenly SWING AROUND and SMACK Thomas,  sprawling him back into the dirt. The iron bar goes flyin as Gabriel in a flash is on top of him. Thomas thrashes b Gabriel easily pins his shoulders and sits on his chest.  Without hurry he uncurls the fingers of his right hand.
74) 11) dialog: This is going to really, really hurt.
74) 14) text: Gabriel's spread fingers lower themselves toward his face
74) 15) dialog: C'mon, son, out with it. Make this  one count.
74) 17) dialog: (pauses) What?
74) 19) dialog: You're wrong.
74) 21) text: Gabriel hesitates.
74) 22) dialog: I don't have to.
74) 24) dialog: You're wrong!
74) 26) dialog: No!
74) 28) dialog: We don't have to listen to him! He's  just a son!
74) 30) dialog: (hisses) Shut up...
74) 31) text: Gabriel's becoming unglued.
74) 33) text: A shudder passes through Gabriel. He straightens up and l down at Thomas as emotion racks his body.
74) 34) dialog: Because He doesn't talk to us anymore!
74) 35) text: The two stare at one another. Then Gabriel, lost in himse suddenly turns away from Thomas and walks into the darkne For the village. Thomas climbs quickly to his feet, spins around -- -- And is HIT full-force by a rabid, SHRIEKING Rachael. H legs lock around his body vise-like as her teeth and nail DIG into his skin. He cries out and stumbles to the groun The two grapple furiously in the dust, Rachel's crazed fa taking BITE after BITE out of his shoulder and neck. Thomas manages a fistfull of her hair and YANKS the fangs off his shoulder. With his other arm he CUFFS her hard,  BREAKING the grip and ROLLING her aside. He staggers to h knees and begins to run. Shrieking, a mad porcelain bansh out of the dusk, Rachael catches up and TACKLES him. On t way down his head strikes a small stone wall and the pain white thunder. Gagging and weeping in blank shock, he cra on his hands and knees as Rachael OPENS UP his arm from  shoulder to elbow with her nails. As the blood tumbles li ribbons, Rachael JUMPS onto his back, DIGGING her claws i his scalp. It's about all one human can take. Mad with pain and anger and desperation, Thomas manages t climb to a shaky crouch, Rachael still shrieking on his b Throwing all his weight backward, he JAMS her into the sh stone wall. The impact SNAPS her hold and PROPELS her ove the wall -- And two thousand feet down the side of the butte. Thomas Daggett can only curl up into a ball, gulping shal shuddering breaths.
74) 41) dialog: Steps up to the kiva door and KICKS it. The frame buckles but holds. He steps back a few feet, puts all his weight  into a turn, and KICKS again. The door SHATTERS.
74) 43) dialog: Relax folks, it's just a soul.
74) 44) text: From out of the smoke steps Katherine. She FIRES, one rou into Gabriel's side. The archangel is pitched against the kiva's wall, where he stays a moment before turning to  Katherine.
74) 45) dialog: I'm getting real tired of you.
74) 48) dialog: Heaven, darling. Heaven. At least  get the zip code right.
74) 50) dialog: No. In heaven we believe in love.
74) 53) dialog: -- Cracking your skull.
74) 56) dialog: Shut up!
74) 57) text: And he's on her. With his left arm he brutally forces her her knees as his right hand, palm out and fingers splayed clamp themselves over her face. Katherine's mouth opens i silent scream as the pain, immediate and beyond endurance flows through her body. From somewhere outside, there's a sound. Katherine gulps chokes of agony as her very clothes begin smolder around her. We hear the sound once more, closer, before -- The entire kiva wall EXPLODES INWARD as Katherine's picku CRASHES through it. The mangled grill and hood SLAM into  Gabriel from the side and SMASH him to the ground like a  broken puppet. Katherine falls backward to the floor, get up, and runs to the truck's cab. Inside sits a near catat Thomas. Katherine takes only a second to share a look wit him before reaching back and pulling out the pickup's tir iron. Gabriel, a shattered, broken thing, pulls himself up to h knees. The sunglasses are gone and two eyeless pits stare out at Mary, huddled in the corner. Bleeding from every p one arm bent back the wrong way, he crawls across the flo toward her, his voice the milky slur of a stroke victim.
74) 58) dialog: God loves you, Mary!
74) 63) text: Grey Horse timidly picks up his prayer stick and with a v faltering and cracked, in the insane glare of the wrecked pickup's headlights, resumes the Enemy Ghost Way chant. Katherine turns back to Gabriel.
74) 69) text: Lucifer's gaze falls on a deeply fucked-up Gabriel who gr at the sight of him.
74) 70) dialog: Oh man, this just isn't my day.
74) 73) dialog: The world's young, man.
74) 75) dialog: This isn't your war.
74) 77) dialog: You lost.
74) 79) dialog: Yeah yeah, I was there, remember?
74) 81) dialog: You're dreaming.
74) 83) dialog: -- Stay away from me.
74) 85) dialog: Fuck you!
74) 86) text: Lucifer slams Gabriel's head against the floor and pins i As the angel thrashes furiously, Lucifer FORCES his arm i Gabriel's chest. Gabriel cries out as Lucifer PULLS his a half out and FORCES it deeper. Again. And again. Soon  Gabriel's screams become giggles, then a crazed, hysteric laughter. The room goes insane. An impossible nightmare of chanting Navahos, glaring headlights, and Gabriel's echoing laught as Lucifer pumps his chest. Laughter that rises to a kind orgasmic cry then instantly stops as Lucifer pulls out th angel's heart, And eats it. At that instant Grey Horse places his hand on Mary's fore speaks a last line, and the chant is completed. Sticky, smoky, awful silence. Gabriel is a non-thing. A  battered, hollow shell. Bartholomew Grey Horse, his voice cracked and finished, t to Katherine.
74) 101) text: The chattering, hissing sycophant grabs Gabriel's body by the hair and shoulders and drags it out the door. Lucifer has remained behind, crouched on his haunches, his liquid yellow eyes on Katherine.