25) 0) text: Mary and Katherine pull open the door and enter. Mary's  elderly grandmother is sitting watching "All My Children" She smiles at Katherine and looks at Mary with concern as the little girl rubs her stomach and explains something i Navaho.
25) 3) text: The grandmother sits beside Mary, whispers gently in Nava and softly stokes her brow.
42) 3) dialog: Same.
42) 5) dialog: He found nothing. But something is  in her. I know. Something the  Belagaana doctor can't see. The night  people have been around two days  now. It is a warning. (nods to Navaho man) So we have called the hand trembler.  To find if she must have an Enemy  Ghost Way.
59) 39) text: Mary suddenly pushes away and runs back toward the traile into the arms of her grandmother.
59) 41) dialog: It's all right, Miss Henley. We know  you love Mary...
59) 43) dialog: She's going to have the Enemy Ghost  Way. We leave this afternoon.
59) 44) text: The grandmother turns and walks back to the trailer.
64) 62) text: They lock eyes. Then Katherine without a word helps Thoma up into the passenger side of the pickup. Mary gathers he grandmother into the pickup's bed and climbs up beside he as Katherine starts the engine. The firemen turn in confu as the truck peels out of the lot and up onto the road.
66) 3) text: Katherine looks over her shoulder to Mary's grandmother  sitting in the truck bed. She nods in understanding.
68) 12) text: The old man, Bartholomew Grey Horse, walks up to Mary and her grandmother sitting in the bed.
68) 14) dialog: Ya-tah-hey.
68) 23) text: Mary's eyes fill with tears as her grandmother appears an leads her back to the adobe hogans. Grey Horse, the yataalii, is there now.
69) 0) text: Under the village, beneath the surface of the butte, is t large communal kiva room. Accessible by a single ladder  through a single smoke hole, it is down here that the vil performs its Enemy Ghost Way for Mary. The little girl is there, attended by her grandmother, si stoically still on a blanket as Grey Horse, grasping his  painted prayer sticks, by the glow of a fire chants the E Ghost Way cure. Katherine's eyes sting in the smokey air she watches Grey Horse take from his case small handfulls colored sand that he pours in fine patterns onto the floo The whole Bitter Sky Clan surrounds them. Old, lined face A small, dying people here to support its last granddaugh
70) 0) text: Katherine stands there in the chilly darkness outside the kiva. Mary's grandmother, passing with some other women,  pauses and squeezes Katherine's arm.
70) 1) dialog: Now we sleep, Katherine. Tomorrow,  after dark, we begin again.