68) 12) text: The old man, Bartholomew Grey Horse, walks up to Mary and her grandmother sitting in the bed.
68) 13) dialog: Ya-tah.
68) 23) text: Mary's eyes fill with tears as her grandmother appears an leads her back to the adobe hogans. Grey Horse, the yataalii, is there now.
68) 24) dialog: We will start the Sing soon to remove  the Yei spirit and stop the ghost  sickness.
68) 26) dialog: It's all the same.
69) 0) text: Under the village, beneath the surface of the butte, is t large communal kiva room. Accessible by a single ladder  through a single smoke hole, it is down here that the vil performs its Enemy Ghost Way for Mary. The little girl is there, attended by her grandmother, si stoically still on a blanket as Grey Horse, grasping his  painted prayer sticks, by the glow of a fire chants the E Ghost Way cure. Katherine's eyes sting in the smokey air she watches Grey Horse take from his case small handfulls colored sand that he pours in fine patterns onto the floo The whole Bitter Sky Clan surrounds them. Old, lined face A small, dying people here to support its last granddaugh
71) 90) text: Grey Horse is kneeling near the bed preparing a bowl drin Into it he crushes charcoal, dodge weed, juniper and ghos plant. This he stirs, heats over flame, and feeds to Mary She grimaces and leans back in the bed as Grey Horse says brief prayer.
73) 10) text: A fire has been built on the kiva's floor. Through the ch smoke can be seen Mary lying on a mat as Grey Horse chant to the yei spirits and adds fine colored earth to the gro sand painting beside her. His voice rises and falls in  guttural syntax. He's coaxing. Coaxing the alien spirit o of the child.
74) 63) text: Grey Horse timidly picks up his prayer stick and with a v faltering and cracked, in the insane glare of the wrecked pickup's headlights, resumes the Enemy Ghost Way chant. Katherine turns back to Gabriel.
74) 86) text: Lucifer slams Gabriel's head against the floor and pins i As the angel thrashes furiously, Lucifer FORCES his arm i Gabriel's chest. Gabriel cries out as Lucifer PULLS his a half out and FORCES it deeper. Again. And again. Soon  Gabriel's screams become giggles, then a crazed, hysteric laughter. The room goes insane. An impossible nightmare of chanting Navahos, glaring headlights, and Gabriel's echoing laught as Lucifer pumps his chest. Laughter that rises to a kind orgasmic cry then instantly stops as Lucifer pulls out th angel's heart, And eats it. At that instant Grey Horse places his hand on Mary's fore speaks a last line, and the chant is completed. Sticky, smoky, awful silence. Gabriel is a non-thing. A  battered, hollow shell. Bartholomew Grey Horse, his voice cracked and finished, t to Katherine.
74) 87) dialog: The enemy spirit is gone.
74) 95) text: Katherine walks over to where Mary, sweaty and shaken, si huddled in a corner attended by Grey Horse.