16) 4) dialog: Leave me alone, Gabriel.
16) 6) text: Gabriel drops into the chair across from Jerry and pushes aside with distaste the maggot-ridden plates of food pile on the table. He reaches his hand out to Jerry.
16) 8) dialog: Go away.
16) 10) text: Gabriel puts his hand under Jerry's chin and turns the fa side to side, examining the cracked, decaying skin and fi eyes.
16) 12) dialog: Fuck you.
16) 13) text: Gabriel releases Jerry's chin and slouches down in the ch
16) 15) dialog: What a surprise.
16) 17) dialog: I just want to... Why won't you let  me...
16) 19) text: A dark, intestinal looking amber fluid begins to pool out Jerry's pant leg.
16) 21) text: A tear wells in Jerry's decomposing face.
16) 23) dialog: I'm so tired. I'm so goddamn tired.
16) 25) dialog: (deep sigh) What?
16) 27) dialog: I'm supposed to just go in there?  Like this?
16) 29) dialog: How do you know?
16) 31) dialog: Got a name this stuff is under?
16) 33) dialog: Why doesn't that surprise me.
16) 34) text: Gabriel gets up, pats Jerry on the head, and walks to the door.
20) 0) text: The building is squat and brick. A non-descrip warehouse  that subs as a police evidence storage area. The sun is hard today as it beats down on Jerry's large- brimmed felt hat. Daylight and Jerry don't get along very well. His sunken, filmy eyes squint at its glare. The dec flesh cracking along his cheeks flames at its touch. He  shuffles down the sidewalk, the brackish, amber fluid tha gurgles down his leg filling his shoes and leaving behind shiny wet footprints like a snail. There's nobody around the back door and its unlocked. Jer shrunken claws pull it open.
28) 2) text: Jerry is looking worse by the day. A rotting, oozing fiss has opened on his forehead. His right eye doesn't move  anymore. He sits on a kitchen chair glumly.
28) 3) dialog: You promised. You promised that --
28) 5) dialog: (sighs) Never trust a fucking angel.
30) 1) dialog: Why do you need me? I can hardly  walk now.
30) 3) dialog: Lucky moi.
31) 0) text: On a low hill at the edge of town. Cracked, sinking  headstones. The rambler's parked next to a new one, Slim  Pickens on the AM, as Jerry digs up the fresh grave marke General Arnold Hawthorne. Gabriel sits perched on the  headstone over the grave like a winged creature.
31) 1) dialog: I hope you're enjoying this.
31) 3) dialog: How did I ever get you in my life?
31) 5) dialog: But I did it, didn't I? I did kill  myself.
31) 7) dialog: And you're just keeping me alive.
31) 9) dialog: I'm so in your debt.
31) 11) text: Jerry's shovel CLANKS onto something hard. He scrapes awa the dirt, revealing a coffin lid. With a socket wrench Je removes the fastening bolts, then with the edge of his sh pries open the lid. It's the ancient, wasted general we saw at the beginning. His medals flash in the moonlight.
31) 12) dialog: Not much to look at.
31) 20) dialog: Oooh, bad news for the war effort.
31) 24) dialog: The hell away from you.
33) 2) text: Jerry, limping on a foot that's caving in on itself, wipi the spinal fluid out of his dead eye, shuffles along behi Gabriel pops off the elevated sidewalk, grabs a parking m and swings himself playfully around.
33) 4) dialog: Life's a bitch.
34) 4) text: Simon looks up at puss-faced Jerry, leaning quietly in a  dark corner.
34) 5) dialog: Don't mind me. Just along for the  ride.
34) 16) text: Simon suddenly JUMPS to his feet. Tries to escape. Jerry  trips him, SPRAWLING Simon back to the floor.
39) 2) dialog: Amen.
49) 4) text: There's something cold and creepy about Gabriel. Out of p in here. There's another sound. Teeth chattering far in t back. Thomas turns and sees Jerry, deep in the shadows of the choir box. Jerry waves.
57) 0) text: Deep in the tunneled rock, past the rusting conveyor belt Gabriel sits in a small cave blowing Miles Davis on his  trumpet. There's just the blanket he sits on and a single candle. Jerry comes around the corner.
58) 0) text: As Katherine climbs out of her pick-up she sees several o her students standing in a circle. Crouched in the center talking to them, is a man. Gabriel. Jerry stands nearby. Gabriel is showing a boy his trumpet. Demonstrating where put his fingers.
58) 30) text: Jerry suddenly snorts loudly, trying to retrieve a sticky red glop that starts running out of his nose.
58) 32) dialog: Everyone else does.
58) 37) text: He stands there a beat. That terrible coldness that swirl about him. The shriek of ghosts under his breath. Then he climbs into the rambler with Jerry and pulls away. Kather watches the car drive off, then yells over to the school  janitor.
64) 10) text: Jerry suddenly LEAPS out from behind the door and TACKLES Thomas to the carpet. The gun skitters to one side as Jer SINKS his rotting teeth into Thomas's shoulder. Thomas cr out and SLAMS his fist against Jerry's head, knocking off ear. Gabriel turns back to Mary's frightened face and smiles a he runs a hand through her hair.
64) 12) text: Katherine suddenly HAMMERS Gabriel across the side of the head with a chair, KNOCKING him to the floor. As he gets she HITS him again. Thomas manages to bring his leg up and KICKS Jerry hard  against the chest, forcing him off. Gabriel GRABS both of Katherine's legs and PULLS, CRASHIN her flat on her back. Thomas scrambles for his gun, grabs it, and as Jerry come at him again spins and FIRES twice. The slugs RIP into Je chest and knock him to his knees. As the putrid, curdled  juices pump lumpily out of him, Jerry looks up at Thomas smiles.
64) 13) dialog: Thanks man, I appreciate it. You're  a sport.
64) 14) text: Thomas FIRES a slug into his forehead. Jerry's brain wink out as he collapses to the floor, dead. Thomas's gun is abruptly WRENCHED from his hand onto the as Gabriel NAILS him with a thrown lamp, vaults the bed  between them, and grabs him by the collar, SLAMMING Thoma up against the wall. He looks down at Jerry's finally lif corpse, incensed at Thomas's handiwork.