1) 35) dialog: Hey bright eyes, what's the deal  being out here all alone without a  coat?
1) 38) text: Katherine looks out into the night.
1) 39) dialog: Where?
1) 40) text: Mary stares a moment longer, then becomes a child again,  smiling and popping Katherine one on the arm.
1) 42) dialog: Oh, there might be one, tiny, skinny  piece left, but you're gonna have to  race me for it.
1) 43) text: Mary suddenly points past Katherine's shoulder.
1) 45) text: When Katherine turns Mary dashes back into the building.
1) 47) dialog: You little sneak!
1) 48) text: Katherine chases after her.
7) 0) text: Here, outside The Town, horizons are distant, faraway thi The sky overhead is streaked red and blue with barely mor as the screen door of a simple stucco house swings open.  It's Katherine, the teacher. Wearing levis and boots, she carries a saddle swung over one denim shoulder out to a c behind the house where a horse shuffles and whinnies  impatiently.
7) 1) dialog: In a minute, in a minute...
7) 2) text: Katherine throws the saddle over the horse and cinches it down as the sun, still tucked behind pink and grey cliffs begins to heat up the sky.
8) 0) text: Deep and narrow, an idyllic canyon of compressed sandston walls smoothed, rounded and etched by centuries of wind. tiny creek flows past weak banks of scrub pine and pocked sycamore. A silent place a long way and a long time from  anything but the approach of galloping hooves. Katherine and her horse run full-out through the canyon, clack and splash of hooves echoing off steep, shadowed wa Horse and rider drive each other harder and harder, their hot breath brief clouds in the arch, thin desert air. Boulders shattered by winter cold and summer heat, deep w cut caves hiding scorpions, sidewinders, or a wary mounta lion all pass as in a blur; arrogant hawks and patient  buzzards, ruins of thousand year old Anasazi villages hig on the cliffs, their weather-beaten skulls, seen and unse staring out; everything is one smear of color and smell a Katherine gallops past them and up the cliff trail, out o the canyon, and onto the main plateau.
8) 3) text: He holds out an empty cup Katherine fills. Sipping painfu he lays down beside her and pulls the brim of his basebal cap over his eyes.
8) 4) dialog: Tough night?
8) 6) dialog: No thanks.
8) 9) dialog: Shouldn't they be getting to school?
8) 11) text: Katherine's horse snorts.
8) 13) dialog: Didn't see any.
8) 15) dialog: I'm happy here.
8) 17) dialog: Just got to give it a chance.
8) 19) dialog: Who this time?
8) 21) dialog: (non-committal) Huh.
8) 23) dialog: It isn't so.
8) 27) dialog: No prob.
8) 31) text: The bus coughs alive and crawls forward. Katherine waves the faces behind glass, then settles back for a last mome of peace as silence lays again over the land.
9) 0) text: Showered and changed into her teaching clothes, Katherine climbs into a rattling pickup.
10) 0) text: Katherine drives to work, passing on the outskirts the cl copper mine, vast and abandoned. Down beyond the fading m street lies the great crumbling brick pile that is the sc Katherine parks her truck, grabs her leather bag, and wal in.
10) 2) dialog: This is "Camposaurus". Camposaurus  was a herbavore, which meant he only  ate plants. Camposaur stayed mostly  to himself and never bothered anyone.
10) 3) text: The little girls smile. They like Camposaurus. Katherine  holds up another bone fragment.
10) 4) dialog: This is a leg fragment that belongs  to the killer of the plateau,  Alosaurus. Alosaurus was a vicious  carnivore, which meant he'd eat  anything that moved, especially nice,  juicy Camposaurs.
10) 6) dialog: Both these guys lived together right  here on the White Rock plateau eighty  million years ago, when this area  used to be on the banks of a huge,  shallow sea. Remember how we talked  about how sedimentation fossilizes  bones? That's also what made the  hills out behind our town and put  the copper in the ground.
10) 8) text: Katherine lifts off the desk an ancient 1950s gieger coun and switches it on. It ticks softly when she points it at the dino bone.
10) 10) dialog: Just a tiny bit, Alex. Do you know  why? Uranium, that's the rock they  use in nuclear power plants --
10) 12) dialog: And bombs Alex, yes, is all through  these hills naturally. Millions of  years ago the dinosaurs here ate  plants and drank water which had  uranium in it that became concentrated  in their bones, which is exactly  how, with Mr. Geiger counter here,  we're going to find some.
11) 1) dialog: (coming between them) -- Hey. Come on. What's the deal,  Brian?
11) 4) dialog: Yes?
11) 6) dialog: Sandra?
11) 8) dialog: All right, Brian. You get one free  insult. Make it good.
11) 11) dialog: (beat) Uh... Okay. Everybody satisfied? (looks at Brian) Cow Demon?
11) 15) dialog: Easy... Easy... Don't break it.
11) 16) text: Almost immediately, an eye socket appears in the dust. As the students carefully brush away the dust, Katherine  looks back across the crumbly path. A coyote has crept up onto a near ledge. It just stands there. Watching her.
15) 3) dialog: Thank you, Jason. I appreciate it.
15) 5) dialog: Well, it's either a 44 million year  old Strychtosaurus or that cow Mr.  Sorenson lost last winter.
15) 6) text: The boy, still standing beside her, begins to look nervou Slowly, he lets his weight rest against Katherine's shoul She smiles good naturedly up at him.
15) 7) dialog: Go eat your lunch, Jason.
15) 10) text: Katherine watches him leave, smiles again, and goes back the book.
23) 0) text: Katherine's students are shuffling back from lunch to the seats, making small talk and paper airplanes. Katherine d a head count, then stops a young boy coming through the d
23) 1) dialog: Brian, have you seen Mary?
23) 3) dialog: (to girl) Allison?
23) 5) dialog: We're you guys up in the...
23) 6) text: The girls, Mary's friends, shrug innocently. Katherine si
23) 7) dialog: Okay everybody, get started on today's  reading. Quietly. I'll be right back.
23) 8) text: Katherine closes the door behind her. The class immediate erupts into goofing off. The door opens again.
23) 9) dialog: I mean quiet.
23) 11) dialog: (calls out) Mary...
23) 12) text: It's spooky up here. A part of the building Katherine cle dislikes.
23) 13) dialog: Mary... (to herself) Shit.
23) 14) text: Katherine calls out Mary's name a few more times, turns a few more corners, and suddenly comes on her.
23) 15) dialog: Mary?
23) 16) text: Mary's sitting beside Simon, the bleeding, ashen-faced ma with sunglasses. She's giving Simon a piece of sandwich a a coke. Katherine is instantly wary.
23) 17) dialog: Mary, come here.
23) 19) dialog: Come here.
23) 20) text: Mary reluctantly walks over to Katherine.
23) 21) dialog: Go back to class.
23) 23) dialog: Go.
23) 24) text: Mary frowns, waves once to Simon, and leaves. There's a  heaviness to the air around Simon. A kind of buzzing.  Katherine blinks her eyes a few times. Focuses.
23) 26) dialog: It's not her I'm worried about.
23) 28) dialog: What are you doing here?
23) 30) dialog: This is school property, you can't  sleep here.
23) 32) dialog: (notices blood stains) Are you all right?
23) 34) text: That buzz. Katherine rubs the side of her temple.
23) 35) dialog: I'll have to call the police.
23) 37) dialog: They'll help you.
23) 39) text: Katherine turns and leaves, her footsteps fading. Mary ap again.
23) 55) dialog: What's the matter, pumpkin? Did you  eat something? (concerned beat) Did he give you something?
23) 58) text: Katherine wipes off Mary's mouth with a hanky.
23) 59) dialog: Sure, hon. Let's go.
24) 0) text: Katherine drives Mary home, a dusty, tired mobile home sl among the saguaro and tumbleweed on the edge of town.
25) 0) text: Mary and Katherine pull open the door and enter. Mary's  elderly grandmother is sitting watching "All My Children" She smiles at Katherine and looks at Mary with concern as the little girl rubs her stomach and explains something i Navaho.
25) 2) dialog: I'll have the school send over a  doctor.
25) 5) dialog: (on the phone) ...He's was just laying up there. I  thought, with the kids and  everything...
25) 7) dialog: He looked hurt.
35) 0) text: Katherine startles abruptly in her bed at the faraway sou of Simon's screams. Screams carried either on the wind or her dreams.
38) 1) dialog: Finishes dressing for school, picks up her teaching bag, crunches out across the gravel to her pick-up.
40) 0) text: Katherine squints at the morning glare as she drives thro town. Pulling into the school's drive she sees, parked at the building's back door, a sheriff's patrol car.
41) 0) text: Katherine comes up the stairs of the building's abandoned floor, passing the stacks of rotting desks toward where s last saw Simon. There's a bad smell in the air. At a turn stands a deputy that looks up as Katherine  approaches.
41) 2) text: Katherine looks past him to where a second deputy crouche down beside... beside something. It's human shaped, but l a shadow. A shadow twisted in agony and slicked with a ta smoldering ooze. The smell is overpowering. The crouched  deputy has a handkerchief over his mouth.
41) 5) dialog: Mary...
42) 0) text: Katherine pulls-up and parks.
42) 2) dialog: (to grandmother) How is she?
42) 4) dialog: Did the doctor come by?
43) 0) text: Katherine walks back out toward her pickup. She stops. Th yards away, almost invisible in the sage say for the glar of its evil, intelligent eyes, is a coyote. As she feels  it's gaze a shadow suddenly crosses her shoulder. Katheri turns quickly but only barely catches, out of the corner her eye, a glimpse of something very large. And winged.
47) 3) dialog: (suspicious) Can I help you with something?
47) 5) dialog: About the guy upstairs?
47) 7) dialog: I've kinda got my hands full right  now.
47) 9) text: Katherine unlocks a hall cabinet and pulls out a stack of volleyballs. She tosses two to Thomas.
47) 10) dialog: Here, make yourself useful.
47) 12) dialog: Okay, everbody stays on the courts  today. (kids groan) -- I mean it.
47) 15) dialog: All of 'em.
47) 17) dialog: Nearly all ghosts now. When the copper  mine closed it took most of the town  with it. We just teach out of this  one corner of the schoolhouse now.  Rest of it's been abandoned for years.
47) 19) dialog: Yup. Just me. (to kid threatening  another) -- Randy...
47) 21) dialog: Do it again and I'll put your head  in the door and slam it. (to Thomas) Love and understanding are important  tools in education.
47) 25) dialog: I wanted to know what the hell he  was doing there.
47) 27) dialog: That it wasn't part of the plan. He  looked hurt. Bloody. Like someone  had cut him. That happens here. (beat) Was that... stuff... on the floor  really him?
47) 29) dialog: Yes.
47) 31) dialog: (protective) She's home sick from school today.
47) 33) dialog: They're dead. She lives with her  grandmother. I'll have to ask her.
47) 37) dialog: The General? Saw him here and there.  It's a small town.
47) 39) dialog: About a million years ago. His  interests lately were more like  gardening and herbal tea.
47) 41) dialog: Everyone did. He lived here.
47) 43) dialog: There are no secrets in small towns,  Mr. Dagget, dark or otherwise.
50) 0) text: There's a note waiting for him at the front desk: "Her na is Mary Tsosie. You can talk to her at noon tomorrow. I'l be at the VFW hall tonight -- Katherine."
51) 2) text: It's an Indian bingo game. Thomas' eyes drift down the ta packed with elderly faces and find Katherine and John the Navaho bus driver. Katherine waves him over. Both her and John are totally obsessed with the game, keeping track of several cards.
51) 4) dialog: Have a seat. You need a card. Here,  play one of mine.
51) 8) dialog: John, this is Mr. Dagget. Says he's  with the police, though judging by  his coat and basic command of the  english language, I don't think it's  from anywhere around here.
51) 12) dialog: Long way from home, Tom-from-Los- Angeles.
51) 16) dialog: -- What? No way --
52) 0) text: A Navaho social in full swing -- square dancing. The Indi band on stage plays deeply traditional, inspiring, -- Han Williams. John easily whirls Katherine around; a steely-e master square dancer. Thomas leans against the wall tuggi on a beer. When John releases her for another partner she points at Thomas.
52) 1) dialog: Your turn.
52) 3) dialog: C'mon, don't be a drip.
52) 6) dialog: (as they dance) No, you're not, are you?
52) 8) dialog: Let me lead.
53) 0) text: Couples drift off the building's porch and into the stree to cool off, smoke, and take a few hits off paper bags. J leans against the brick wall, tugs liberally from his pap bag, and exchanges war hoops with some friends across the street. He passes the bag to Katherine and Thomas.
53) 2) dialog: Mary? The school doctor came by.  Declared it "Non-specific  gastrointestinal disorder".
53) 5) dialog: That's up to her. (to John) Mary's grandmother called a hand  trembler.
54) 0) text: Thomas sits in the truck's bed as they Katherine drives  through town. John, on the near side of royally toasted, his boot stuck out the passenger window. Thomas looks up the night sky. At its blaze of stars.
55) 0) text: Early American bachelor. John collapses onto the couch as Katherine heads for the kitchen.
55) 1) dialog: Where do you keep the coffee in this  joint?
55) 14) dialog: Saturday night in Chimney Rock.
55) 17) dialog: When I was younger I used to believe  that no matter how much you mucked  around in your life, one day, if you  listened hard enough, a voice would  tell you what you were really cut  out to do. And when it didn't show  up on schedule I decided to go look  for it. And I looked in a lot of  places, believe me. I drove that  road out there so far that the end  became the beginning again. And it  was when I got here that I realized  there never was going to be a voice.  So I stopped looking and took the  first job they offered me. That make  any sense to you?
55) 19) dialog: How did you end up a cop?
55) 21) dialog: Are you always this cryptic?
56) 0) text: Katherine pulls up to drop Thomas off.
56) 2) dialog: First trailer on the highway past  town.
56) 4) dialog: I must say, Mr. Dagget, that you  don't seem very like a police officer  to me.
56) 6) dialog: I meant it as a compliment.
56) 8) dialog: Goodnight, Tom-from-Los-Angeles.
58) 0) text: As Katherine climbs out of her pick-up she sees several o her students standing in a circle. Crouched in the center talking to them, is a man. Gabriel. Jerry stands nearby. Gabriel is showing a boy his trumpet. Demonstrating where put his fingers.
58) 6) text: Katherine approaches the scene warily. The children all b for their turn. Gabriel selects Sandra, one of Mary's sec grade friends, and puts her on his knee.
58) 19) text: He gently pushes down her chin with his thumb, opens her  mouth, and gazes in. Katherine enters the circle.
58) 20) dialog: What the hell do you think you're  doing?
58) 23) dialog: Get off his knee, Sandra. Everyone  else, go inside. Now.
58) 28) dialog: Who are you?
58) 33) dialog: I don't know what the hell is going  on, but you both better get out of  here. Right now.
58) 38) dialog: Al! Keep an eye on the children for  me. I'll be right back. And call the  sheriff.
58) 40) dialog: Just call.
58) 41) text: Katherine gets into her pickup and starts the engine.
59) 0) text: Katherine drives through the main drag and out past the f of town. As she passes the old copper mine she sees, park near the mine's tunnel entrance, Gabriel's rambler.
59) 2) dialog: You weren't suppose to be here till  noon.
59) 4) dialog: I wanted to check on her.
59) 7) dialog: How are you feeling, pumpkin?
59) 9) dialog: This is Mr. Dagget, Mary. He'd like  to ask you some questions. You don't  have to answer if you don't want to.
59) 11) text: There's a dreamy, far-away look in Mary's eyes. It worrie Katherine.
59) 22) dialog: What, pumpkin?
59) 28) text: Thomas and Katherine exchange looks. Mary's pretty eyes r again as she calmly asks, in that cute little eight year voice:
59) 32) text: Thomas looks to Katherine for an explanation, but she's a confused as him.
59) 36) text: She buries herself into Katherine's arms, sobbing.
59) 38) dialog: (rocking her) It's okay... It's okay...
59) 40) dialog: I'm sorry, I didn't mean to --
59) 42) dialog: What are we going to do?
59) 46) dialog: In the home village. The Hand Trembler  must have found corpse sickness...
59) 48) dialog: She's already seen a doctor. (then, under her breath) That son of a bitch...
59) 50) dialog: Gabriel the children called him. The  little shit was hanging around my  kids this morning asking about Mary.  He and his buddy make a real pair.
59) 52) text: Katherine turns from trailer and looks at him.
59) 53) dialog: I know where he parks his car.
60) 0) text: Katherine and Thomas drive back down the road leading to  town.
60) 1) dialog: Chinamen? Chosin? I've never heard  her talk like that before.
60) 3) dialog: Sure, right next to Jack 'N Jill.
60) 5) dialog: Nobody I can think of. (beat) Maybe one.
60) 7) dialog: General Hawthorne.
60) 9) dialog: He didn't like children.
60) 12) dialog: It was there earlier.
60) 15) dialog: What?
60) 18) dialog: I'll come along.
61) 1) dialog: It's cold...
61) 4) text: -- A BAT suddenly SHRIEKS out of the darkness, glancing o Thomas's shoulder and TANGLING in Katherine's hair. She  screams and spins around, loosing her footing and half fa into a yawning ore chute she hadn't seen beside her. Thom rushes over and pulls her out. She climbs shakily to her  feet.
61) 6) dialog: Yeah... Sorry.
61) 12) dialog: What is that?
61) 16) dialog: Do you feel it?
61) 18) dialog: What is it?
61) 19) text: But Thomas can't hear Katherine anymore, her voice has  disappeared beneath the whine. As it becomes too much he  leans his weight against the rock wall and shuts his eyes It's then they come. Flashes of images: Of screams and fi Of impossible vistas of emptiness and death. And shriekin overhead, shrieking everywhere; grotesque, winged creatur with no eyes. Some with faces we know; Gabriel, Simon, an the gargoyle. All these images are being jammed into both their minds by the cave. Thomas forces his eyes open but the scenes playing all ar him won't go away. Tears are running down Katherine's fac as she stands there locked in the same images. Thomas stu about the room as if drunk, the visions, incomprehendibly black visions of war and destruction on an alien plateau, eat his brain. He sinks to his knees and begins to cry.
61) 21) text: Katherine's curled up on the floor like a child, weeping. The images are driving them mad. Thomas, fighting the ins pounding at him, crawls pathetically across the floor to oil lamp. His fingers grasp it spasmotically as he rises his knees and leans back.
61) 23) text: He HEAVES the lamp against the cave wall, where it EXPLOD the oil erupting into a swirling blaze that CONSUMES the  corner. The images break a second in the heat and light and sucki wind. Just long enough for Thomas to grab Katherine's arm and pull her out of the room.
62) 0) text: Katherine and Thomas lie in the dust outside the mine's t entrance. Catching their breath. Trying to organize and r the short circuits in their brains. Thomas rolls on his s squints at the sun. Katherine's voice is faint and raspy.
62) 1) dialog: What... What was that? Hell?
62) 5) dialog: How can that be heaven? Jesus Christ.  How? I don't even believe in heaven.
62) 7) dialog: You dumb fucking assholes! How could  you have done that!
62) 11) dialog: How do you know know so much about  that?
62) 13) dialog: They were like us.
62) 15) dialog: ...Mary.
62) 16) text: Katherine climbs abruptly to her feet and walks for the c
62) 18) dialog: I don't know what this is. I don't  know what I believe. I don't know if  my sanity is lying back in that cave  flopping around waiting for me. But  I know one thing. Those... Those  things aren't taking her!
63) 0) text: Katherine and Thomas drive along in silence. Finally,
63) 1) dialog: In those... visions... did you ever  see... God?
63) 3) dialog: Me either.
64) 0) text: Katherine and Thomas open the trailer door and enter  cautiously.
64) 1) dialog: Mary?
64) 12) text: Katherine suddenly HAMMERS Gabriel across the side of the head with a chair, KNOCKING him to the floor. As he gets she HITS him again. Thomas manages to bring his leg up and KICKS Jerry hard  against the chest, forcing him off. Gabriel GRABS both of Katherine's legs and PULLS, CRASHIN her flat on her back. Thomas scrambles for his gun, grabs it, and as Jerry come at him again spins and FIRES twice. The slugs RIP into Je chest and knock him to his knees. As the putrid, curdled  juices pump lumpily out of him, Jerry looks up at Thomas smiles.
64) 17) dialog: You son of a bitch, why? Why do this?
64) 19) text: Gabriel walks over to the bed. The moment he gets close,  Mary lifts Thomas's pistol up from the sheets and SHOOTS twice, the impact KNOCKING him on his ass. Katherine rushes to Mary, scoops her up and runs for the  door. She pauses beside Thomas, still lying in the wrecka of the table.
64) 21) text: Katherine disappears through the bedroom doorway. Gabriel spins around and stands. Thomas leaps from a ragg crouch, HITTING Gabriel low with a body-block. It's like butting concrete. Gabriel picks up Thomas by the scruff of the neck and HEA him THROUGH the flimsy room paneling. Thomas CRASHES with mass of splinters into the kitchen. He stumbles backward  hopelessly as Gabriel peruses him through the trailer. He desperately throws pots, glasses, anything at Gabriel. Fi trapped, he scrambles up onto the dinner table, SCATTERIN salt and sugar bowls, and DIVES through the levored windo
64) 23) dialog: ...You...
64) 25) dialog: ...Can't...
64) 27) dialog: ...Have Her!!
64) 28) text: Katherine lifts Thomas's pistol and FIRES. Again. Again. slugs BANG off the corregated metal, SMASH a window, KICK some dust, And PUNCTURE the propane tank beneath the trailer.
64) 31) dialog: She was coming up the street.
64) 37) text: Katherine's wiping the blood out of Thomas's eye. Gasping from the shearing pain, he tosses an ID at the foot of th deputy.
64) 42) text: The pain's unbareable. Katherine dabs his cut with  disinfectant.
64) 58) text: The patrol car pulls away. As the firemen walk back to th engine, Thomas looks frantically at Katherine.
64) 60) dialog: But your head...
64) 62) text: They lock eyes. Then Katherine without a word helps Thoma up into the passenger side of the pickup. Mary gathers he grandmother into the pickup's bed and climbs up beside he as Katherine starts the engine. The firemen turn in confu as the truck peels out of the lot and up onto the road.
65) 0) text: Katherine's truck shoots by. Just before town, near the c mine, it slows down at a junction. And there, lying on its side down the embankment, is the  sheriff's patrol car. A single, bent tire turns aimlessly Katherine hits the gas and takes the junction that leads  away from town, out onto the endless expanse of the plate
66) 2) dialog: Mary's village.
66) 3) text: Katherine looks over her shoulder to Mary's grandmother  sitting in the truck bed. She nods in understanding.
67) 0) text: A trading post with a few pumps, growing orange in the  weakening afternoon light. A scruffy dog barks constantly the teenage Indian sticks the nozzle in Katherine's picku Still glassy-eyed with throbbing pain, Thomas takes anoth handful of aspirin and climbs out of the cab. There's a tiny, weatherbeaten church across the weedy lot from the trading post with a pay phone bolted to it. Thom crunches across the lot, picks up the receiver, and punch in some numbers.
68) 8) text: The only reply is dust dancing in the light and the rumbl of semis on the highway. Standing in the back, watching Thomas with tears welling her eyes, is Katherine.
68) 15) text: Several villagers approach and greet Mary and her grandmo some nodding politely to Thomas and Katherine as they cli out of the cab. Nearly all of them are elderly. Thomas, one eye still half-shut by a bandage, walks over the village's edge where a short stone wall, and little e separates the adobe homes from the long, 2000 foot drop t the desert floor. He leans against it and gazes out on a  view that must encompass half the world. In all direction for tens upon tens of miles, there are only volcanic spir and crumbling buttes, all reduced from up here to short,  ominous playthings. A village truly alone in the world.
69) 0) text: Under the village, beneath the surface of the butte, is t large communal kiva room. Accessible by a single ladder  through a single smoke hole, it is down here that the vil performs its Enemy Ghost Way for Mary. The little girl is there, attended by her grandmother, si stoically still on a blanket as Grey Horse, grasping his  painted prayer sticks, by the glow of a fire chants the E Ghost Way cure. Katherine's eyes sting in the smokey air she watches Grey Horse take from his case small handfulls colored sand that he pours in fine patterns onto the floo The whole Bitter Sky Clan surrounds them. Old, lined face A small, dying people here to support its last granddaugh
70) 0) text: Katherine stands there in the chilly darkness outside the kiva. Mary's grandmother, passing with some other women,  pauses and squeezes Katherine's arm.
70) 5) text: Like the wind, it is low and thin and hoarse. Like the wi it seems to come from everywhere. And, like the wind, it utterly without pity or remorse. Katherine turns. Perched on the wall behind her in a low crouch is a figur clad entirely in layers of black. Its head and hands are  hairless and waxy white. There are eyes in this winged he but blood chilling ones of putrid yellow. There are endle scars and shapes and wrinkles, but mostly, only, there ar the eyes. Katherine gulps down, with only partial success, the hyst rising in her throat.
70) 6) dialog: Oh Lord, I can't do this. I can't do  this anymore...
70) 9) dialog: You're... You're... (tries to form the  word) ...God?
70) 13) text: There's a crouched silhouette beside the figure. Dimmer.  Skinny. A wheezing sycophant. An afterthought. Katherine backs away from both of them.
70) 14) dialog: I can't. I can't do this tonight. Go  away.
70) 16) text: Katherine stops. Faces him.
70) 18) dialog: Good job.
70) 21) dialog: Are you one of them?
70) 23) dialog: You're not an angel?
70) 27) dialog: What do you care?
70) 35) dialog: And if there's a heaven?
70) 39) dialog: How?
71) 0) text: Thomas's sitting on the hard-packed floor, leaning agains the adobe wall, maybe trying to sleep. Mostly trying to i the thumping pain in his head. The oil lamp's flame shudd in the gust of Katherine opening the door.
71) 2) dialog: For now. They start again tomorrow.
71) 4) dialog: The Enemy Way chant removes the  invading yei ghost.
71) 6) dialog: We'll see. (beat) How's the head?
71) 9) dialog: Here, I'll change the bandage.
71) 11) dialog: Does that hurt?
71) 13) dialog: Then I must be doing it wrong.
71) 15) dialog: I saw the devil tonight.
71) 17) dialog: The main one. Satan. Lucifer. The  dark angel. You know.
71) 19) dialog: That he did it all for love. That  and I have a choice. Mary's life or  a billion souls waiting in the  pipeline for heavenland to open.
71) 21) dialog: No sir.
71) 23) dialog: You had to be there.
71) 26) dialog: We can double date next time if it's  that important to you.
71) 30) dialog: It didn't seem important to him.
71) 31) text: Katherine finishes taping the new bandage.
71) 32) dialog: Are you a priest?
71) 34) dialog: Why?
71) 36) dialog: This may be your last chance to tell  it.
71) 43) dialog: We've never seen God, have we? Not  in any of this.
71) 45) dialog: Maybe we're not supposed to. Maybe  that's faith.
71) 47) dialog: I have faith in Mary. And that I'm  going to save that little girl from  those creeping things out there.  From all of them.
71) 49) dialog: Maybe we both were.
71) 50) text: The oil lamp wanes and fades. Katherine lays her head on  Thomas's shoulder, and as darkness swallows them he holds her. They hold each other.
71) 89) dialog: Hi, pumpkin. Good morning.
71) 92) dialog: How's the head?
71) 95) dialog: What are we going to do if he comes?
71) 97) dialog: When he comes.
71) 99) dialog: Mary's ceremony isn't over yet. The  Enemy Ghost Way. The alien spirit  hasn't been driven out.
71) 101) dialog: Would you have believed in any of  this three days ago?
71) 103) dialog: You have the gun?
71) 105) dialog: We could always ask him.
71) 106) text: Thomas looks up. She's referring to Lucifer, who's appear perched on the edge of the low, eye-level hogan roof. The sycophant is also nearby, chattering its teeth and starin at Katherine with jealous, rabid eyes. Lucifer shivers, a claw turning up the collar of his cloa
71) 122) text: Thomas hesitates, holds the gaze, then turns and leaves. an instant Lucifer sweeps down from the hogan roof to  Katherine's side. Face and eyes and maggot breath  uncomfortably close, he smiles.
73) 0) text: Thomas drags a heavy chain from Katherine's truck and beg fastening it to a post. Lucifer watches perched on a near rooftop.
73) 6) dialog: He's coming.
73) 12) text: He pulls his head out and hands Katherine the pistol.
74) 44) text: From out of the smoke steps Katherine. She FIRES, one rou into Gabriel's side. The archangel is pitched against the kiva's wall, where he stays a moment before turning to  Katherine.
74) 47) dialog: Go to hell.
74) 49) dialog: It's all the same, isn't it?
74) 51) dialog: And what do you love, Gabriel?
74) 55) dialog: That's all it is for you anymore,  Gabriel, isn't it? Just the killing  and the burning. You don't work for  God anymore. You don't fight for  love.
74) 57) text: And he's on her. With his left arm he brutally forces her her knees as his right hand, palm out and fingers splayed clamp themselves over her face. Katherine's mouth opens i silent scream as the pain, immediate and beyond endurance flows through her body. From somewhere outside, there's a sound. Katherine gulps chokes of agony as her very clothes begin smolder around her. We hear the sound once more, closer, before -- The entire kiva wall EXPLODES INWARD as Katherine's picku CRASHES through it. The mangled grill and hood SLAM into  Gabriel from the side and SMASH him to the ground like a  broken puppet. Katherine falls backward to the floor, get up, and runs to the truck's cab. Inside sits a near catat Thomas. Katherine takes only a second to share a look wit him before reaching back and pulling out the pickup's tir iron. Gabriel, a shattered, broken thing, pulls himself up to h knees. The sunglasses are gone and two eyeless pits stare out at Mary, huddled in the corner. Bleeding from every p one arm bent back the wrong way, he crawls across the flo toward her, his voice the milky slur of a stroke victim.
74) 59) text: Katherine brings the tire iron down on his skull with all her might, DRIVING him to the floor. She turns to Grey Ho her eyes wild.
74) 60) dialog: Finish it.
74) 62) dialog: Finish it!
74) 63) text: Grey Horse timidly picks up his prayer stick and with a v faltering and cracked, in the insane glare of the wrecked pickup's headlights, resumes the Enemy Ghost Way chant. Katherine turns back to Gabriel.
74) 64) dialog: Go home.
74) 67) text: Katherine releases the bar and lets it clang to the floor Lucifer turns to the villagers, gazing fearfully at him a they awkwardly try to finish the chant.
74) 71) text: Lucifer kneels down beside him. Katherine instinctively s to reach for the tire iron but the sycophant hisses a liq chattering warning at her.
74) 86) text: Lucifer slams Gabriel's head against the floor and pins i As the angel thrashes furiously, Lucifer FORCES his arm i Gabriel's chest. Gabriel cries out as Lucifer PULLS his a half out and FORCES it deeper. Again. And again. Soon  Gabriel's screams become giggles, then a crazed, hysteric laughter. The room goes insane. An impossible nightmare of chanting Navahos, glaring headlights, and Gabriel's echoing laught as Lucifer pumps his chest. Laughter that rises to a kind orgasmic cry then instantly stops as Lucifer pulls out th angel's heart, And eats it. At that instant Grey Horse places his hand on Mary's fore speaks a last line, and the chant is completed. Sticky, smoky, awful silence. Gabriel is a non-thing. A  battered, hollow shell. Bartholomew Grey Horse, his voice cracked and finished, t to Katherine.
74) 89) text: From outside the kiva suddenly comes the sound of a wound savage GROWL. Katherine walks to the doorway. Just outsid lone coyote is twisting in the dirt with furious agony.  Abruptly its thrashings cease. The animal stands and flas for an instant at Katherine cold yellow eyes more than an Then it's gone into the blackness. Forever. She turns and goes back to Thomas in the cab. Bleeding to death is a real possibility for him. She pulls an old shi out of the back and tries to makeshift a wrap for his sli arm.
74) 91) dialog: And they won't find it. Not in Mary.
74) 93) dialog: Can you help him?
74) 95) text: Katherine walks over to where Mary, sweaty and shaken, si huddled in a corner attended by Grey Horse.
74) 96) dialog: Are you all right, pumpkin?
74) 99) text: Katherine gathers her up into her arms and holds her.
74) 100) dialog: It's going to be okay... We're all  going to be okay...
74) 101) text: The chattering, hissing sycophant grabs Gabriel's body by the hair and shoulders and drags it out the door. Lucifer has remained behind, crouched on his haunches, his liquid yellow eyes on Katherine.
74) 102) dialog: I can't quite bring myself to say  thank you.
74) 104) dialog: Then this is done.
74) 108) dialog: (clutching Mary) No.
74) 110) dialog: Are you threatening me?
74) 112) dialog: Then you've picked the wrong person  this time. I've just about had it up  to here with ghosts. So you can put  away the horror movie sneer and the  K-Mart halloween eyes, because we  know you now. We know you all. And  if you want to force the issue then  go ahead because you're just another  angel to me. Take a look at your  buddy Gabriel. Then ask yourself, do  you really, really want to fuck with  us?
74) 115) dialog: I'm holding my breath.
74) 119) dialog: I don't think so, honey... I don't  think so...
74) 139) text: The Sheriff looks over at Katherine's pickup still jammed into the side of the kiva.
74) 164) text: He follows his boss. Katherine and Mary walk up.
74) 167) dialog: Not really. I think they might have  even understood. One of them's related  to this clan. He'll give us a ride  back if we want.
74) 170) dialog: Do you think it's really over?
74) 173) dialog: When I die, I want you with me.