71) 106) text: Thomas looks up. She's referring to Lucifer, who's appear perched on the edge of the low, eye-level hogan roof. The sycophant is also nearby, chattering its teeth and starin at Katherine with jealous, rabid eyes. Lucifer shivers, a claw turning up the collar of his cloa
71) 107) dialog: I always forget how cold it gets in  the desert.
71) 109) dialog: Mr. Daggett, I presume. How's the  faith?
71) 111) dialog: Come come, must you be so wishy-washy  about everything? With the absent- minded eagle scout, I can see that.  But you're looking at the devil man,  say something.
71) 113) dialog: Much better. Can I have some coffee?
71) 114) text: Thomas gingerly hands him the cup. The angel Lucifer lift it, and with something unimaginably awful darting out of mouth, drinks. He offers the mug back to Thomas for a sip
71) 117) dialog: I have come to remind you that the  winged party boys are just that:  spoiled boys. You are armed, however  pathetically, with the one thing  they never really understood:  theology. It's not much, but that's  life.
71) 119) dialog: Don't press your luck, Mr. Daggett.
71) 121) dialog: Go and get ready, Thomas.
71) 122) text: Thomas hesitates, holds the gaze, then turns and leaves. an instant Lucifer sweeps down from the hogan roof to  Katherine's side. Face and eyes and maggot breath  uncomfortably close, he smiles.
71) 123) dialog: Have you ever considered Katherine,  that the great absentee landlord,  the soft-eyed eagle scout your  childhood prayers are for, is just  using you? That you're only the  exterminator to get rid of his pests?
71) 124) text: Lucifer places a cloaked arm around her shoulder and lead her to the walled edge to look out across the endless pla His mouth presses against her ear and whispers,
71) 125) dialog: God's junkies are coming, Katherine.  And when they do, all hell is going  to break loose...
73) 0) text: Thomas drags a heavy chain from Katherine's truck and beg fastening it to a post. Lucifer watches perched on a near rooftop.
73) 2) text: Lucifer just smiles or sneers or whatever he does with th hideous mouth.
74) 65) text: She HITS him again with the tire iron. Then lifts it high once more above her head. She's going to crush him, to im his skull. When a hand stops her. Sort of a hand. A claw. Lucifer's. He's standing behind h holding the raised bar still.
74) 66) dialog: No.
74) 67) text: Katherine releases the bar and lets it clang to the floor Lucifer turns to the villagers, gazing fearfully at him a they awkwardly try to finish the chant.
74) 68) dialog: Please. Go on.
74) 69) text: Lucifer's gaze falls on a deeply fucked-up Gabriel who gr at the sight of him.
74) 71) text: Lucifer kneels down beside him. Katherine instinctively s to reach for the tire iron but the sycophant hisses a liq chattering warning at her.
74) 72) dialog: Long time.
74) 74) dialog: And full of ambition.
74) 76) dialog: But I remember the last one. Michael's  war.
74) 78) dialog: But lots of angels were with me.  every one followed their leader out  of heaven.
74) 80) dialog: Except one. Oh, he was with me all  right. He hated the Eagle Scout.  Envied the power He gave to His Son.  But this angel never came out front  during the war. And when it ended he  thought maybe, maybe the Eagle Scout  didn't notice. So he laid low and  towed the company line till he could  start his own war. It was all just  jealousy.
74) 82) dialog: But maybe He did notice. Maybe that's  why I'm here.
74) 84) dialog: You've always been a part of me,  Gabriel. And now it's time to come  home.
74) 86) text: Lucifer slams Gabriel's head against the floor and pins i As the angel thrashes furiously, Lucifer FORCES his arm i Gabriel's chest. Gabriel cries out as Lucifer PULLS his a half out and FORCES it deeper. Again. And again. Soon  Gabriel's screams become giggles, then a crazed, hysteric laughter. The room goes insane. An impossible nightmare of chanting Navahos, glaring headlights, and Gabriel's echoing laught as Lucifer pumps his chest. Laughter that rises to a kind orgasmic cry then instantly stops as Lucifer pulls out th angel's heart, And eats it. At that instant Grey Horse places his hand on Mary's fore speaks a last line, and the chant is completed. Sticky, smoky, awful silence. Gabriel is a non-thing. A  battered, hollow shell. Bartholomew Grey Horse, his voice cracked and finished, t to Katherine.
74) 101) text: The chattering, hissing sycophant grabs Gabriel's body by the hair and shoulders and drags it out the door. Lucifer has remained behind, crouched on his haunches, his liquid yellow eyes on Katherine.
74) 103) dialog: I understand.
74) 105) dialog: Not necessarily. Maybe I like you.  Maybe I want you to come with me.
74) 107) dialog: You owe me, Katherine. And you're  going to ask me to take you home.
74) 109) dialog: You will. You will because any other  way is going to be more awful than  you can imagine.
74) 114) dialog: Perhaps another time.
74) 116) dialog: Goodbye, Katherine. For now.