1) 37) dialog: Someone's here.
1) 40) text: Mary stares a moment longer, then becomes a child again,  smiling and popping Katherine one on the arm.
1) 41) dialog: Pig out on all the cake?
1) 43) text: Mary suddenly points past Katherine's shoulder.
1) 44) dialog: What's that?
1) 45) text: When Katherine turns Mary dashes back into the building.
1) 46) dialog: Ha!
11) 13) dialog: I got one! I got one!
15) 13) dialog: Hi.
15) 15) dialog: What's your name?
15) 17) dialog: You don't look so good, Simon.
15) 19) dialog: I'm Mary.
15) 21) dialog: Does Miss Henley know you're here?
15) 23) text: Mary thinks.
15) 24) dialog: Okay.
15) 26) dialog: I have to go.
15) 28) text: Mary goes to leave, stops, turns back.
15) 29) dialog: Are you hungry? I could bring  something.
15) 31) dialog: Okay. Bye.
23) 6) text: The girls, Mary's friends, shrug innocently. Katherine si
23) 14) text: Katherine calls out Mary's name a few more times, turns a few more corners, and suddenly comes on her.
23) 16) text: Mary's sitting beside Simon, the bleeding, ashen-faced ma with sunglasses. She's giving Simon a piece of sandwich a a coke. Katherine is instantly wary.
23) 18) dialog: But Simon and I were --
23) 20) text: Mary reluctantly walks over to Katherine.
23) 22) dialog: But --
23) 24) text: Mary frowns, waves once to Simon, and leaves. There's a  heaviness to the air around Simon. A kind of buzzing.  Katherine blinks her eyes a few times. Focuses.
23) 39) text: Katherine turns and leaves, her footsteps fading. Mary ap again.
23) 40) dialog: Hi.
23) 42) dialog: I hid. I'm very clever.
23) 44) dialog: I know.
23) 46) dialog: What?
23) 48) dialog: Yes. What is it?
23) 54) dialog: I don't feel good...
23) 56) text: Mary coughs up the last of her lunch.
23) 57) dialog: Can I go home now?
23) 58) text: Katherine wipes off Mary's mouth with a hanky.
24) 0) text: Katherine drives Mary home, a dusty, tired mobile home sl among the saguaro and tumbleweed on the edge of town.
25) 0) text: Mary and Katherine pull open the door and enter. Mary's  elderly grandmother is sitting watching "All My Children" She smiles at Katherine and looks at Mary with concern as the little girl rubs her stomach and explains something i Navaho.
25) 3) text: The grandmother sits beside Mary, whispers gently in Nava and softly stokes her brow.
36) 0) text: Asleep, sweaty, shivering, Mary suddenly opens her eyes.
42) 6) text: The old man mumbles a soft chant as he moves the pouch ba and forth across Mary's body.
50) 0) text: There's a note waiting for him at the front desk: "Her na is Mary Tsosie. You can talk to her at noon tomorrow. I'l be at the VFW hall tonight -- Katherine."
58) 6) text: Katherine approaches the scene warily. The children all b for their turn. Gabriel selects Sandra, one of Mary's sec grade friends, and puts her on his knee.
59) 8) dialog: Better.
59) 10) dialog: It's okay.
59) 11) text: There's a dreamy, far-away look in Mary's eyes. It worrie Katherine.
59) 13) dialog: -- Simon.
59) 15) dialog: (smiles) That's funny. "Simon says".
59) 17) dialog: I'm good at it. I'm very clever.
59) 19) dialog: Simon even said so. He also asked if  I could keep a secret.
59) 21) dialog: Something he gave me.
59) 23) dialog: Then it wouldn't be a secret.
59) 25) dialog: It's a secret...
59) 26) text: Mary lowers her head and shuts her eyes.
59) 27) dialog: ...But sometimes it hurts.
59) 28) text: Thomas and Katherine exchange looks. Mary's pretty eyes r again as she calmly asks, in that cute little eight year voice:
59) 29) dialog: Have you ever killed a chinaman?
59) 31) dialog: They don't bleed. Not the way you  and I do. Or maybe it was just the  cold...
59) 33) dialog: I've killed them, you know. Lots.  You could always tell when they were  coming. There'd be the trumpets first.  Every note flat. Then those songs...  After that they'd charge. Right down  through the snow. The guns would  freeze and it would be just knives...  It was so cold and there were so  many of them. But I was smarter than  they were. Even at Chosin, I was  smarter...
59) 34) text: Mary's been explaining this in a girlish, show-'n-tell ki of way. Suddenly her face cracks as her voice chokes with sob.
59) 35) dialog: It scares me, Miss Henley. I hate  it. Please, make it stop!
59) 37) dialog: Make it stop!
59) 39) text: Mary suddenly pushes away and runs back toward the traile into the arms of her grandmother.
64) 2) text: Thomas looks out the window and notices for the first tim parked behind the trailer, Gabriel's rambler. He immediat pulls out his pistol, runs for the closed door at the end the hall and KICKS it in. The door FLIES open, revealing  Gabriel sitting on the bed beside Mary.
64) 10) text: Jerry suddenly LEAPS out from behind the door and TACKLES Thomas to the carpet. The gun skitters to one side as Jer SINKS his rotting teeth into Thomas's shoulder. Thomas cr out and SLAMS his fist against Jerry's head, knocking off ear. Gabriel turns back to Mary's frightened face and smiles a he runs a hand through her hair.
64) 19) text: Gabriel walks over to the bed. The moment he gets close,  Mary lifts Thomas's pistol up from the sheets and SHOOTS twice, the impact KNOCKING him on his ass. Katherine rushes to Mary, scoops her up and runs for the  door. She pauses beside Thomas, still lying in the wrecka of the table.
64) 32) dialog: Is Gabriel dead?
64) 33) text: Mary's knelt down beside Thomas.
64) 34) dialog: They're not like you and me. You've  got to cut their hearts out. The  only thing God gave them.
64) 62) text: They lock eyes. Then Katherine without a word helps Thoma up into the passenger side of the pickup. Mary gathers he grandmother into the pickup's bed and climbs up beside he as Katherine starts the engine. The firemen turn in confu as the truck peels out of the lot and up onto the road.
66) 3) text: Katherine looks over her shoulder to Mary's grandmother  sitting in the truck bed. She nods in understanding.
68) 12) text: The old man, Bartholomew Grey Horse, walks up to Mary and her grandmother sitting in the bed.
68) 15) text: Several villagers approach and greet Mary and her grandmo some nodding politely to Thomas and Katherine as they cli out of the cab. Nearly all of them are elderly. Thomas, one eye still half-shut by a bandage, walks over the village's edge where a short stone wall, and little e separates the adobe homes from the long, 2000 foot drop t the desert floor. He leans against it and gazes out on a  view that must encompass half the world. In all direction for tens upon tens of miles, there are only volcanic spir and crumbling buttes, all reduced from up here to short,  ominous playthings. A village truly alone in the world.
68) 16) dialog: This is a good place.
68) 19) text: Mary's sight is on the view, eyeing it critically.
68) 20) dialog: Separate water source. Stocked grain.  Only one possible approach. A man  could, with the proper defenses,  hold off an entire battalion for  weeks. Months.
68) 23) text: Mary's eyes fill with tears as her grandmother appears an leads her back to the adobe hogans. Grey Horse, the yataalii, is there now.
69) 0) text: Under the village, beneath the surface of the butte, is t large communal kiva room. Accessible by a single ladder  through a single smoke hole, it is down here that the vil performs its Enemy Ghost Way for Mary. The little girl is there, attended by her grandmother, si stoically still on a blanket as Grey Horse, grasping his  painted prayer sticks, by the glow of a fire chants the E Ghost Way cure. Katherine's eyes sting in the smokey air she watches Grey Horse take from his case small handfulls colored sand that he pours in fine patterns onto the floo The whole Bitter Sky Clan surrounds them. Old, lined face A small, dying people here to support its last granddaugh
70) 0) text: Katherine stands there in the chilly darkness outside the kiva. Mary's grandmother, passing with some other women,  pauses and squeezes Katherine's arm.
71) 88) dialog: Hi, Miss Henley.
71) 90) text: Grey Horse is kneeling near the bed preparing a bowl drin Into it he crushes charcoal, dodge weed, juniper and ghos plant. This he stirs, heats over flame, and feeds to Mary She grimaces and leans back in the bed as Grey Horse says brief prayer.
73) 10) text: A fire has been built on the kiva's floor. Through the ch smoke can be seen Mary lying on a mat as Grey Horse chant to the yei spirits and adds fine colored earth to the gro sand painting beside her. His voice rises and falls in  guttural syntax. He's coaxing. Coaxing the alien spirit o of the child.
74) 57) text: And he's on her. With his left arm he brutally forces her her knees as his right hand, palm out and fingers splayed clamp themselves over her face. Katherine's mouth opens i silent scream as the pain, immediate and beyond endurance flows through her body. From somewhere outside, there's a sound. Katherine gulps chokes of agony as her very clothes begin smolder around her. We hear the sound once more, closer, before -- The entire kiva wall EXPLODES INWARD as Katherine's picku CRASHES through it. The mangled grill and hood SLAM into  Gabriel from the side and SMASH him to the ground like a  broken puppet. Katherine falls backward to the floor, get up, and runs to the truck's cab. Inside sits a near catat Thomas. Katherine takes only a second to share a look wit him before reaching back and pulling out the pickup's tir iron. Gabriel, a shattered, broken thing, pulls himself up to h knees. The sunglasses are gone and two eyeless pits stare out at Mary, huddled in the corner. Bleeding from every p one arm bent back the wrong way, he crawls across the flo toward her, his voice the milky slur of a stroke victim.
74) 86) text: Lucifer slams Gabriel's head against the floor and pins i As the angel thrashes furiously, Lucifer FORCES his arm i Gabriel's chest. Gabriel cries out as Lucifer PULLS his a half out and FORCES it deeper. Again. And again. Soon  Gabriel's screams become giggles, then a crazed, hysteric laughter. The room goes insane. An impossible nightmare of chanting Navahos, glaring headlights, and Gabriel's echoing laught as Lucifer pumps his chest. Laughter that rises to a kind orgasmic cry then instantly stops as Lucifer pulls out th angel's heart, And eats it. At that instant Grey Horse places his hand on Mary's fore speaks a last line, and the chant is completed. Sticky, smoky, awful silence. Gabriel is a non-thing. A  battered, hollow shell. Bartholomew Grey Horse, his voice cracked and finished, t to Katherine.
74) 95) text: Katherine walks over to where Mary, sweaty and shaken, si huddled in a corner attended by Grey Horse.
74) 97) text: Mary's voice shakes as tears roll out her eyes.
74) 98) dialog: I'm okay.
74) 118) dialog: Is he coming back?
74) 164) text: He follows his boss. Katherine and Mary walk up.
74) 165) dialog: You look bad.
74) 175) text: She touches his cheek, Mary cradled between them.