0) 4) text: Simon's climbed to his feet, the two men in sunglasses no walking slow circles around each other.
0) 5) dialog: Leave me alone.
0) 7) dialog: Fuck you.
0) 8) text: The gargoyle drops his head and DRIVES himself into Simon who HAMMERS the gargoyle with his fists. Blood SMEARS. The gargoyle's gotten free a knife that he JAMS into Simo leg. Pressing home his advantage, the gargoyle SLAMS Simo up against the wall. He TEARS open Simon's shirt, digging his fingers into the chest, RIPPING the skin aside, the f plunging deep, CRACKING the sternum bone, pushing even  further, toward the blood gouged pumping beneath -- -- Simon PLOWS his knee up between the gargoyle's legs. O and over. Till the grip loosens and Simon SHOVES him to o side, using the momentum and drives to SWING the body aro and at the shattered window. The gargoyle SMACKS the fram and COLLAPSES, his head CRACKING on the sill and FORCING shard of glass through his neck. Simon moves to the window and brushes aside the gargoyle' sunglasses, revealing two totally empty eye sockets. Push his thumbs into them, Simon uses the leverage to lift the gargoyle off the sill and push his body out the window. The gargoyle bounces once on the fire escape, then spread eagles thirty feet to the asphalt. Somebody turns up their Mexican radio station. The gargoyle's a wreck. But he manages, slowly -- his shattered remains arguing e inch -- to climb first to his knees, then miserably to hi feet. A bent, splattered, hopeless thing that manages to  stumble three or four feet before being HIT by a freeway- speed firebird BOMBING down the alley. The impact PINS the gargoyle to the grill and RAMS him in a brick wall, CRUSHING a chest that BELCHES out a sickly, bruised heart like a wet rag against the firebird's  windshield.
1) 30) dialog: Qui ex Patre Flioque procedit...
15) 14) dialog: Hi.
15) 16) dialog: Simon.
15) 18) dialog: No, I don't.
15) 20) dialog: Hello Mary.
15) 22) dialog: No one does, Mary. Can we keep it  just our secret. For a little while?
15) 27) dialog: It was nice meeting you, Mary.
15) 30) dialog: That would be very nice.
15) 32) text: She smiles and runs down the hall. Simon grits his teeth, turns to the wall, and prepares himself for a long, long  day.
23) 16) text: Mary's sitting beside Simon, the bleeding, ashen-faced ma with sunglasses. She's giving Simon a piece of sandwich a a coke. Katherine is instantly wary.
23) 24) text: Mary frowns, waves once to Simon, and leaves. There's a  heaviness to the air around Simon. A kind of buzzing.  Katherine blinks her eyes a few times. Focuses.
23) 25) dialog: She wasn't doing any harm.
23) 27) dialog: Of course.
23) 29) dialog: Small job. Mostly done now. Just  passing through.
23) 31) dialog: It wasn't part of the plan. Honest.
23) 33) dialog: No. Not really.
23) 36) dialog: I wish you wouldn't, but I understand.
23) 38) dialog: Oh, I rather doubt that.
23) 41) dialog: Hello. I thought you'd left.
23) 43) dialog: I'm sure you are. (beat) You were nice to give me the food.
23) 45) dialog: I haven't much time, Mary. And since  you've been so nice to me, there's  something I'd very much like to give  to you.
23) 47) dialog: Just for a little while. Something  very special. Can you keep it a  secret? The biggest secret ever?
23) 49) dialog: Come here, Mary.
23) 51) dialog: Closer...
34) 0) text: A fracture of broken moon tumbles through shattered windo and falls dully across shapes old, shapes forgotten, and shape trying hopelessly to drag itself across the floor.  It's Simon; breath a rasp, blood-soaked pants leaving a l smear behind him like a hemorrhaging snail. He coughs, dr an arm across the lenses of his sunglasses, And looks up at a pair of black, lizard-skin boots.
34) 2) text: Simon rolls on his back and sighs.
34) 3) dialog: Gabriel.
34) 4) text: Simon looks up at puss-faced Jerry, leaning quietly in a  dark corner.
34) 8) dialog: I'm a little talked out on theology.
34) 12) dialog: Oh yes.
34) 14) dialog: No.
34) 16) text: Simon suddenly JUMPS to his feet. Tries to escape. Jerry  trips him, SPRAWLING Simon back to the floor.
34) 20) text: Simon doesn't answer. Gabriel shrugs.
34) 22) dialog: I do have one question.
34) 24) dialog: Do you even remember what this war's  about?
34) 27) dialog: I guess I never did get the point.
34) 29) dialog: How do you do it, Gabriel? How do  you go on and on in this place?
34) 31) dialog: I'm so tired...
34) 32) text: Gabriel grasps Simon's hand.
34) 34) dialog: I can't do it, Gabriel. I don't even  know why anymore, but I can't.
34) 36) dialog: (swallows hard) Yes.
34) 37) text: Gabriel's hand is suddenly on Simon's face, fingers sprea claw-like. They press into the flesh. Hard. And harder. U Simon starts to bleed. Then to burn.
35) 0) text: Katherine startles abruptly in her bed at the faraway sou of Simon's screams. Screams carried either on the wind or her dreams.
37) 0) text: Gabriel releases his grip on Simon, letting him fall back against the wall, afire. His clothes twist and blacken. H skin creeps and pops. His sunglasses melt and fall away;  revealing two hollow pits beneath. Gabriel lifts Simon's  entire body up off the floor by just the disintegrating f and stares into the hollow pits.
39) 0) text: Gabriel's lizard boots pace back and forth past Simon's  writhing, burning body. Gabriel's more jittery now. Losin his patience. He bends down and pulls Simon's face up to  his.
39) 4) text: The seared skin around Simon's mouth comes off in Gabriel hand. But Simon is still, even now, silent.
39) 6) text: He flings Simon with a horrible crunch against the wall.
39) 8) text: He walks over and places a hand with something like frien on Simon's charred shoulder.
39) 10) text: And with the other hand Gabriel JAMS his fist into Simon' chest, PULLING OUT a lumpy, burned heart. Simon's mouth  springs open and hisses emptily. Gabriel slips the heart  into his pocket and lets go of Simon's shoulder. The body instantly disintegrates and crashes to the floor.
41) 0) text: Katherine comes up the stairs of the building's abandoned floor, passing the stacks of rotting desks toward where s last saw Simon. There's a bad smell in the air. At a turn stands a deputy that looks up as Katherine  approaches.
58) 27) text: He has the same sunglasses as Simon. The same cold, creep air about him.
61) 19) text: But Thomas can't hear Katherine anymore, her voice has  disappeared beneath the whine. As it becomes too much he  leans his weight against the rock wall and shuts his eyes It's then they come. Flashes of images: Of screams and fi Of impossible vistas of emptiness and death. And shriekin overhead, shrieking everywhere; grotesque, winged creatur with no eyes. Some with faces we know; Gabriel, Simon, an the gargoyle. All these images are being jammed into both their minds by the cave. Thomas forces his eyes open but the scenes playing all ar him won't go away. Tears are running down Katherine's fac as she stands there locked in the same images. Thomas stu about the room as if drunk, the visions, incomprehendibly black visions of war and destruction on an alien plateau, eat his brain. He sinks to his knees and begins to cry.