6) 1) text: Phil Coulter (48), the proprietor of a dingy little roads motel, looks up from a hardcover copy of Stephen King's GERALD'S GAME when the girls enter. They each have a SMAL SUITCASE and a BACKPACK in tow.
6) 3) dialog: What can I do for you?
6) 13) dialog: $39 a night. How many you stayin'?
6) 18) dialog: Well... welcome to El Reno.
14) 3) text: Two FIREMEN haul out the meteorite with gloved hands as S and O'Dell arrive on the scene. Corey is already there looking on, as well as Chris Holt, who gave them a ride i town, Phil Coulter from the motel, and other local CITIZE FRANK HALEY (54), the farmer who owns the land, is fuming
14) 24) text: Everyone scans the ground for signs of human remains unti Phil pipes up:
14) 26) dialog: I saw him out in front of the motel early this morning, alive and well.
30) 9) text: Having thrown on some wrinkled clothes, Sam opens the doo find Phil, the motel owner. He does not look pleased.
30) 11) dialog: You plannin' on checkin' out today?
30) 15) dialog: Well, it's already way past checkout time, so you'd better figure it out quick.
30) 22) dialog: You do whatever you have to, but if you're stayin' another night I wanna see some money up front.
41) 2) text: She opens Sam's backpack and discovers THE PHILOSOPHY OF TRAVEL book, by Roberta Sparrow...
43) 28) dialog: What's goin' on out here?
43) 29) text: Corey looks over and sees Phil dressed in nightclothes, having come out of a room near the lobby. She's dumbstruc
43) 33) dialog: Go back to your room and get some sleep. You've had a tough day.
43) 34) text: Phil goes back inside, leaving her alone.
49) 1) text: Corey lays on her stomach in bed, her head buried in The Philosophy of Time Travel book. The TELEVISION is on in t b.g. (out of focus), playing a repeat of the FOREMAN GRIL INFOMERCIAL...
49) 23) text: Corey looks down and realizes that she's still holding Th Philosophy of Time Travel book in her hand.
64) 1) text: Corey lays on her stomach in bed, studying The Philosophy Time Travel. The book is open to: CHAPTER SIX - THE LIVIN RECEIVER... The Living Receiver is chosen to guide the Artifact into position for its journey back to the Primar Universe. No one knows how or why a Receiver will be chosen...
83) 2) text: She reaches inside and pulls out THE PHILOSOPHY OF TIME TRAVEL book, by Roberta Sparrow. As she studies the cover her image is reflected by the CLOSET DOOR MIRRORS.
111) 1) text: Sam trudges up the wooded hill to the vantage point, carr The Philosophy of Time Travel book. It's quiet and peacef and everything's bathed in golden light.
112) 28) text: Sam's scared for a moment, but Tom lets her go. His eyes drift down to The Philosophy of Time Travel book by her s Sam sees him staring, so she picks it up and hands it to
147) 7) text: Corey is there looking on, as well as Chris Holt, Phil Coulter, and other local CITIZENS. TOM'S REMAINS are carr off in a BLACK BAG...