0) 2) text: Sam is pretty and demure. Her coppery hair flows past her shoulders. Disoriented, she stands and gazes at the infin golden shimmer. Amber waves of grain. Patches of forest i the distance. It's quiet. Serene. Beautiful...
1) 1) text: She emerges at the shoulder of a rural stretch of highway Arkansas. Adjacent to her position, on the other side of deserted lanes, is a TRUCK STOP.
5) 39) text: AGATHA DOWDY (54), an employee of the local DINER, sits o bench in front of the establishment smoking a cigarette. manager, TED MONCTON (50), calls her back inside...
11) 23) text: The contact generates more RIPPLES, and as TREMORS begin shake the windmill a DISTORTED VOICE echoes throughout th
14) 29) text: Sam turns and peers up at the WATER TANK. It's marred by MARKS and DENTS from the explosion. As she tilts her head looks closer, she can almost pick out a shape created by damage -- a negative image like the Shroud of Turin...
15) 20) text: He's distracted when a brand new `95 BMW pulls up and par nearby. JEREMY FRAME (25), a thin, pale young man hops ou and hustles into the field toward the crash site.
17) 2) text: The girls move to the side so she can exit, and take noti of a MISSING PERSONS SIGN posted next to the door -- BILL MOORCROFT'S (10) dark, empty eyes stare at them from the BLACK &amp; WHITE PHOTOGRAPH.
18) 31) text: She calls to Ted Moncton, who is busy behind the counter.
18) 36) dialog: What?
18) 40) dialog: I'll be damned. I'm from Reedville, if you know where abouts that is...
18) 43) dialog: Well, have yourself some ice cream when you're done, on the house.
18) 49) text: Momentarily, someone else enters and takes a seat at the counter by their booth. It's Jeremy Frame, the driver of BMW. He raises a finger to alert Ted of his presence.
18) 52) text: Ted nods and pours him a cup... After he receives his cof Jeremy turns and stares at the girls. They both notice hi doing it, but Corey is the first to speak.
18) 68) text: Corey rolls her eyes at being corrected. Sam smirks and munches on a french fry -- she's enjoying their conversat
19) 10) text: Corey waves to him in a sarcastic, exaggerated manner... priest doesn't wave back, but continues to gawk at them u they go around the corner.
20) 1) text: Vietnam Tom crouches in a decrepit SHACK covered by a pie of CORRUGATED ROOFING. He works with great focus, arrangi VARIOUS BITS OF METAL into some sort of small SCULPTURE..
22) 5) text: Mike and Jeff are both excited about this proposition.
22) 32) text: They're all distracted when somebody does a cannonball in the pool and splashes them.
29) 10) text: As Tom's SPEAR gets closer to the convergence point, the BIZARRE ANGLING becomes more exaggerated because the plan start to DIP and SWELL with impossible elasticity --
29) 18) text: Dilapidated WIRING snakes around them, and Tom barely has enough space to reach forth and touch it with his finger.
32) 43) text: Disappointed, Sam turns to leave...
41) 3) text: As Corey studies the cover, her image is reflected by the CLOSET DOOR MIRRORS. The angle of the mirrors creates dou image reflections for other objects in the room. Strangel Corey's reflection is only present in one of the panes.
41) 9) text: She pours over the text, some of which reads: When the fa of the fourth dimension within a Tangent Universe becomes corrupted, a highly unstable and volatile Fragmentary Universe can occur, sustaining itself for no longer than several days... FADE TO BLACK.
43) 3) text: Corey sees that he is not crying -- it's coming from elsewhere in the cosmos, far away. The WAILS taper off to faint, DISTORTED WHISPER as Billy speaks:
45) 15) text: Corey looks conflicted, but she takes a harsh stance:
49) 20) text: Randy sighs as if a big weight has been lifted.
49) 61) text: Corey blows out a hit, captivated...
55) 2) text: Her CHEVROLET sits in the bay. Some of the PARTS have alr been harvested -- the CATALYTIC CONVERTER sits next to it the floor.
60) 1) text: Having deposited Dusty in the back of the cruiser and shu the door, O'Dell's attention turns to an upstairs window the house when he sees MOVEMENT.
61) 1) text: Randy rolls over in bed, opening his eyes to the new day. looks around for Corey, disappointed to find her gone.
64) 2) text: She flips through the onion skin pages to: CHAPTER TEN - MANIPULATED DEAD... The Manipulated Dead are more powerfu than the Living Receiver. If a person dies within the Tan Dimension, they are able to contact the Living Receiver through the Fourth Dimensional Construct...
64) 3) text: Corey glances over at the CLOSET MIRROR and sees Billy's image reflected. She flips over and finds him standing at foot of the bed, clad in the same garb as all her visions
66) 13) text: Before she can go on, she's interrupted by the DOORBELL. Billy never looks up.
67) 2) text: Left on the table is his completed DRAWING. It's a neatly executed rendition of a SWING SET -- identical to the one from Corey's vision in the closet door mirror.
75) 2) text: Corey is riveted.
76) 39) text: Everyone cracks up, including Corey. Sam is humiliated. S backs away from the car, anger burning in her eyes. Randy revs the engine, expressing his will to take off.
83) 2) text: She reaches inside and pulls out THE PHILOSOPHY OF TIME TRAVEL book, by Roberta Sparrow. As she studies the cover her image is reflected by the CLOSET DOOR MIRRORS.
83) 13) text: A portion of the text includes: Like Dreams that the Manipulated can have after journeys into Tangent or Fragmentary Universes, sounds and images may be transferr from one Tangent or Fragmentary Universe to another, as a corruptions exist on relative cosmic planes...
84) 6) text: Sam treads effortlessly through the darkness, past the he of junk toward the decrepit STORAGE SHACK marked by the CORRUGATED ROOFING...
87) 43) text: While he talks and becomes more excited he scratches nervously at his left forearm. It draws Sam's attention a from what he's saying.
99) 1) text: The priest lets himself into the garage, which is open bu deserted. He notices COREY'S CHEVROLET. He steps up to th GARAGE ENTRANCE and knocks...
108) 4) text: Ted pipes up from behind the counter:
108) 6) dialog: They should hang guys like that. Only thing bothers me is how many of `em are still out there...
108) 7) text: Chris enters the diner and catches the end of Ted's rant.
108) 9) dialog: Hang `em all.
108) 67) text: Sam looks shocked and a little disgusted.
108) 88) text: Chris hangs his head, frustrated.
112) 7) text: She sets the BUNNY MASK down where she found it. Tom says nothing. He seems neither surprised nor irritated to find there. He walks up beside her and sits, facing the view.
123) 1) text: When it looks like they'll be crushed by the scudding met or combusted by the cosmic energy, the WORM-LIKE PORTAL f the sky reaches down and encloses Tom and Sam like a vacu
127) 7) text: The POLICEMAN stands over Vietnam Tom, who sits defeated chair. A YOUNG OFFICER approaches.
129) 2) text: Chris is distracted by JEREMY'S BMW as it cruises through nearby intersection...
147) 27) text: As she caresses the fibers with her fingers, she is fille with unwarranted emotion...
148) 23) text: He's distracted when JEREMY'S BMW pulls up and parks. He out and hustles across the field toward the crash site...