52) 0) text: The road passes through a wood.  When BETTY speaks, it  surprises both James and us. She stands at the head of a little grass track that leads into a wood.  She carries a plastic carrier bag.  She is  almost childlike in her friendliness.
52) 1) dialog: Are you the man from the BBC?
52) 3) dialog: Sorry.  I didn't mean to frighten  you.  I thought you must be from  the BBC. (she advances) We've been waiting, see.  And you  don't exactly look like a farmer.   I'm Betty.
52) 6) dialog: Come and meet the others.  They've  been waiting for you.
53) 0) text: James follows Betty through the woods.  A rumbling and  whining noise increases in violence and becomes deafening once they leave the wood and cross open ground towards a  Military Air Base.  The Peace Camp is near the perimeter  fence.  A ramshackle collection of tents, caravans, a tep and a rough wooden shelter which is the communal area.  A fire burns here.  Various peace signs, Women's Movement  sign and slogan.  ('Fight War, Not Wars', etc.) Three women are sitting around the fire.  A little furthe off a MAN is chopping wood.  One of the women, CARMEN, is over sixty.  The other two are in their thirties.  The  man, PETE, is a vintage hippy.  A good mix of regional  accents among the campers.  Betty leads James to the fire
53) 1) dialog: I found a man from the BBC, but  he's not the man.
53) 25) dialog: What do you do at the BBC, James?
53) 43) dialog: (close up, eyes  wide) Ordinary people everywhere are  saying 'No, we don't want these  terrible weapons!'  That's news!
68) 0) text: The following morning.  If possible, a beautiful day.   Betty is washing up a large pile of breakfast things.   From outside, the sound of much hilarity.
70) 4) text: Betty knocks and enters.
70) 5) dialog: Excuse me.  Phone call for Mr  Penfield.
75) 0) text: Half an hour later.  Ann, Matthew, Susan and James.  A  certain strain.  The sound of knives and forks only.  In  the hall the PHONE RINGS.  They hear Betty pick it up.   Still holding the receiver she pushes open the dining-roo door. 
75) 1) dialog: (to Matthew) It's for you, Mr Fox.
89) 0) text: The three walk towards the Conference Centre, along the  gauntlet of PROTESTORS and ONLOOKERS.  Among them are Car and Betty, holding a placard which says 'Women's Peace  Camp'.  They catch sight of James.  Some puzzled  recognition.  James hurries away from the women and throu the doors into the Centre.