53) 0) text: James follows Betty through the woods.  A rumbling and  whining noise increases in violence and becomes deafening once they leave the wood and cross open ground towards a  Military Air Base.  The Peace Camp is near the perimeter  fence.  A ramshackle collection of tents, caravans, a tep and a rough wooden shelter which is the communal area.  A fire burns here.  Various peace signs, Women's Movement  sign and slogan.  ('Fight War, Not Wars', etc.) Three women are sitting around the fire.  A little furthe off a MAN is chopping wood.  One of the women, CARMEN, is over sixty.  The other two are in their thirties.  The  man, PETE, is a vintage hippy.  A good mix of regional  accents among the campers.  Betty leads James to the fire
53) 2) dialog: Never mind.  We'll just have to  make do.  Would you like a cup of  tea?  Jill, give the young man  your cup.
53) 4) dialog: Sit on that log, dear.
53) 11) dialog: Pete, do we have a jack?
53) 13) dialog: Could you look it out for our  friend?
53) 17) dialog: Now first of all, tell us your  name.
53) 19) dialog: This is Jill, Carol, Betty, Mandy,  Louise, Pete over there, and I'm  Carmen.
53) 21) dialog: There's another fifteen of us out  at a meeting.
53) 23) dialog: Let him drink his tea, poor man.   I don't know what's happened to  this other fellow.  He said he'd  be here at three.
53) 29) dialog: That doesn't matter.  As long as  we can get our message through to  someone there.  Jill, where are  those handouts?
53) 34) dialog: Give them here.  This tells you  how the Women's Peace Camp came to  be set up.  All local women at  first, then we had support from  women and men all over the country.
53) 38) dialog: And this sheet tells you all about  the base, the number of missiles  they're going to have, what they  think they're for and so on.
53) 41) dialog: But what we need is national  coverage.  It's difficult with  this Falklands madness going on.   Do you think you might be able to  do something when you get back?