9) 0) text: Same time, Moulded plastic chairs are ranged along the  walls of the room.  Some journalists stand, some are half asleep.  The feel of a morning assembly. Seated at the only desk, by the door, sits the EDITOR-IN- CHIEF, While waiting he pretends to look at papers. The tone of these meetings is restrained, weary. The Editor speaks with short pauses between each point.   Quietly, as though talking to himself.
9) 1) dialog: Use of this word "finally".  We've  had this one before.  Difficult  when it gets...
9) 2) text: James come in.  The Editor ignores him pointedly.  There  are no more seats.  James stands somewhere inconspicuous.
9) 3) dialog: ...when it gets too close to  'finally' the main points of the  news... Now today.  Not very sexy  list.  We can't live off all these  court cases...Royals...What's  Charles giving Diana for her  birthday?
9) 5) dialog: Better follow him  around, I  suppose.
9) 7) dialog: Good... Now, I'm going to drop  this panda business unless something  happens soon.
9) 9) dialog: Give it one more day.  These scrap  iron merchants on, where is it,  Gritviken Anything in that?
9) 11) dialog: Let's keep an eye on it then.   Okay, I'm just thinking aloud.   Let's take the list in order.   Cabinet reshuffle.  Chris?
9) 14) dialog: Prime Minister is on the Jimmy  Young Show at ten-thirty.  We should  get something out of that.  Now,  matter Irish...
59) 0) text: The News Conference Room.  Ten minutes later.  The same  Editor.  The same matter-of-factness and slight boredom.
59) 1) dialog: ....as it happens they got all  their facts wrong anyway.  I checked  up.  We reported the big peace  march on Hyde Park last October,  and a march on NATO headquarters  in the spring, and the death of  whatsisname last month, the old  CND man...
59) 3) dialog: What really gets to them, though  they'll never admit it, these types,  is that we give both sides, theirs  and the government's.   Multilateralists and unilateralists.   Hawks and doves.  As far as they're  concerned, there's only one side  to the question.  Nuclear weapons  are bad.  Full stop.  End of  discussion.  Anyone who says there's  more to it than that is... what  was it... (He picks up a  newspaper cutting) 'Under cover of an authoritative  news service, propagating a military  definition of reality.'
59) 5) dialog: Still.  With the party conferences  coming up in the autumn there's  bound to be some action on that  front and we'd be doing something  anyway.  It won't all be Falklands  business.  James, is there something  in there for us, if we could tie  it in with something else?
59) 7) dialog: Oh well.  Just an idea.  Now.  Can  we talk about this radio-car cock- up yesterday.  Chris?