22) 0) text: Jeremy is sprawled in a chair with a drink.  James is  standing.  Muted piano music from the stereo.  EDWARD has just entered.  The other two have been waiting for him.
22) 2) text: Edward approaches.  He is a contemporary of the other two but looks much younger and less worldly in manner.  He is slightly nervous.  He works on a literary magazine and he is a poet whose work is just beginning to be recognised. The three are old friends.  Jeremy and James keep up thei friendship with Edward because they recognise his talent, and this makes them feel more authentic.  Edward keeps up with them because he is lonely and his own life is rather dull.  However, he does distrust them a little.  And they keep his talent in place by teasing him. As Edward enters the other two applaud.
22) 4) text: Edward makes a nervous mock bow.
22) 5) dialog: Thank you.  Have you two been  smoking that illegal stuff again?
22) 6) text: James pours wine into Edward's glass.
22) 8) dialog: Ah, yes.
22) 10) dialog: Don't tell me you've actually read  it, Jeremy.
22) 11) text: James picks up the TLS and waves it at Edward.
22) 13) dialog: I see.
22) 16) dialog: Attributed?
22) 18) dialog: Why, is there a new Foreign  Secretary?  Who was the old one  anyway?
22) 20) text: Jeremy pats a seat.  Edward sits down.
22) 23) dialog: Congratulations.  Who with?
31) 0) text: A poetry reading, given by Edward Long, has just come to  and end.  There are about fifty present, and empty chairs behind.  Jeremy and James are in the audience. Edward is reading the last stanza of a poem.
31) 1) dialog: (reading) "And so the ferry moves across the  bay, Top heavy as a wedge of wedding  cake, Leaving us to return to our  hotels, Gulls in nautical trim cry  their farewells, Then drop with  avaricious eyes to tale, Souvenirs  from the debris of the day."
31) 3) dialog: Thank you very much.
31) 4) text: There is earnest applause which peters out.  Now, a tense silence. Edward stares impassively at the audience until he catche the movement of a half-raised arm.
31) 5) dialog: Yes.
31) 8) dialog: Yes.
31) 10) text: During this, Jeremy has caught James's eye and they have  started to giggle silently.  This continues through the  scene.  They hunch up and turn away from each other, shak quietly, half recover, become aware of each other, or of  the absurdity of the questions, or of Edward's attempts t deal with them, and they fold up once more.  From Edward' POV we SEE their heads duck down.
31) 11) dialog: It isn't a stupid question, but it  is a difficult one to answer.  I  get ideas in much the same way as  anyone does.  Perhaps the difference  is that I take them more seriously.   I write them down - odd scraps of  things.  Then I seem to know when  I'm ready to start work on a poem.   It takes shape to start work on a  poem.  It takes shape as I write  it, very slowly.
31) 12) text: While Edward answers, the woman nods vigorously. James and Jeremy recover in the brief pause between  questions.  They lift tear-stained faces, then crack up a the next question. A young man, anorak, flat auto-didact's 'does the team  think' voice.  A piece of paper in hand, he stands,  trembling.
31) 14) dialog: Well, it's silly really. (catching sight of  Jeremy and James) It's journalism, yes?
32) 0) text: The newsroom.  The teleprinters.  The sheets arriving on  the copytaster's desk.  On the TV monitor there are pictu of the Fleet.  On the P.A. a voice announces 'Edward Du  Cann on Four'. We find PHILIP standing by the bulletin desk, He is a  graduate trainee, 23 years old.  Earnest in manner, sligh ingratiating. Immensely pleased with what he has just read, he moves  towards the summaries desk with a piece of paper in each  hand.
79) 0) text: TIGHT SHOT of Edward on the phone.
79) 1) dialog: Hello, you don't know me.  My name's  Edward Long.  I'm a friend of James  Penfield.  He asked me to phone  you.  I don't know what any of  this means, but he said you would  understand ... Yes, that's right.   He said he's got to go away for a  while, and that he'll be writing  to you and please don't try and  contact him ... Hello?
79) 4) dialog: She hung up.  Why couldn't you  just write to her?