7) 0) text: A high-ceilinged room in a publishing house, Bloomsbury. A launch party.  About forty guests.  Waiters take round  trays with glasses of wine.  By some large double doors i a display of school textbooks.  Most prominently featured is the book being launched today - Goldbooks Schools Seri No.  5 The Cold War, edited by Prefessor J. Gerty. James is led by a PERSONAL ASSISTANT through the crowd to meet GOLD, who is surrounded by ATTENTIVE YOUNG MEN.
7) 1) dialog: .....took him by the elbow, steered  him into a quiet corner and said  "Where do you think you are, young  man?  Fabers?"
7) 2) text: From the circle of polite laughter, Gold extends his hand towards James.
7) 3) dialog: Glad you could come.
7) 5) dialog: Good, good.  Now is someone getting  you a drink.
7) 8) dialog: I know, I know!  Gentlemen, let me  introduce you to one of our most  talented contributors to The Cold  War.  James Penfield.  He wrote  the opening chapter, on 'The Berlin  Airlift'.  One of the best chapters  in the book.
7) 10) dialog: I won't introduce you all by name.   Basically James, this is our UK  sales team.  What was I saying?   Yes, these graduate trainees...
7) 21) text: They look across the room at Gold being listened to.
9) 13) text: Through this last speech we CLOSE IN on James.  Behind hi news prospects sheet he is reading a letter.  We glimpse  the letter heading: 'GOLDBOOKS'
11) 0) text: Langan's, Piccadilly.  Gold and James are met at the door by the HEAD WAITER, Gold is obviously known here.   Businessmen, media people, agents, conspiracy, urgency,  babble.  Cornucopia too - dessert trolley, cheese trolley something being flambee'yd at a table. ANOTHER SHOT through the diners we find Gold and James  already seated.  The main course has been cleared away. clock shows the time to be ten to three.
11) 2) text: The waiter has wheeled up the dessert trolley.  Gold has  been examining it for the last few seconds before breakin in.
11) 3) dialog: Would you like a dessert...I'm  having one.
11) 5) dialog: I'll have some of that.
11) 7) dialog: And some of that.  Sorry.
11) 9) text: Gold has a great forkful of gateau near his face.
11) 10) dialog: Yes...You're not a socialist then?
11) 12) dialog: Good.
11) 14) dialog: Are you going to have coffee?
11) 16) dialog: And you'll join me in a sambucca?
11) 18) text: Gold speaks to the waiter as James continues.
11) 20) text: The waiter brings the coffee.  Gold is lighting a cigar,  having offered one to James.
11) 22) text: The waiter brings the sambuccas.  We CLOSE IN on the drin as James goes on talking.  Gold puts a match to James's  drink on this next line.
12) 0) text: Gold and James stroll through the arcade, bloated from  their lunch.  Both are slightly drunk.  Gold is expansive
12) 1) dialog: Personally James, I'm very excited  by this new arrangement we have.   It gives us direct access to  literally hundreds of American  collages.  Twentieth century history  is a growth area over there, don't  ask me why.  Your readership will  be first and second year American  collage students...
12) 3) dialog: You know the lingo.  Jolly good.   So your language will have to be  simple, not stupid, mind, but  simple, very, very simple, and  always remember it's an American  readership.
12) 5) text: James is immensely pleased with his own performance durin this speech.  Gold, however, is more interested in someth he has seen in a shop window.  As soon as James finishes, Gold mumbles an apology and plunges into the shop.  James follows him in.
99) 0) text: Gold stands by his desk as James comes in, pouring two  glasses of wine.
99) 1) dialog: James... I can't begin to tell you  how pleased we all are.  (he hands James a  glass) Congratulations, and I really mean  it.
99) 3) dialog: It's everything we wanted.  A very  good read.  A terrific piece of  work.  So, here's to you and Suez.