64) 0) text: A burst of laughter.  It is dinner.  Seated are Ann,  Matthew, Tom, Susan, James and JACEK, a professor from  Central Europe, mid-sixties, an old friend of Ann's.  Bet the housemaid, serves.
64) 1) dialog: (heavy accent) The second is less pleasant.  A  Pole is confronted by a German and  a Russian soldier.  Which should  he shoot first?  The German first,  the Russian second.  Duty before  pleasure.
64) 4) dialog: Then you are a well-educated young  man. (to Ann) Tom has been reciting his English  kings and queens to me.
64) 6) dialog: Haven't you socialist historians  in the West made kings and queens  out of date in schools?
64) 13) dialog: I'm pleased to hear that there is  at least some national memory.  I  agree with Ann that the British  forget too quickly.  Here you have  enviable freedoms, and yet no  monuments to those who struggled  to win them for you.  Now that is  why I think there is hope for the  Poles, whoever occupies their  country.  They remember their dates,  and they keep adding to them.   December 1981, Gdansk 1980, 1976,  1970.  Katyn 1940, 1922 and so on.   It's a subversive list.  Say it  out loud on the streets of Warsaw  and you might get arrested.
64) 14) text: During this last speech of Jacek's we SEE James trying to catch Susan's eye.  She glances up and looks away. 
67) 0) text: The library.  A fire burns.  Ann pours the coffee and is  highly aware of James when he comes in.  Jacek is a littl drunk.
67) 1) dialog: Ah, Susan, James.  Come and judge.   I am interrogating Matthew.  I am  asking him how a director of  advertisements and a socialist get  along so well together.  How does  the lion lie down with the lamb.
67) 5) dialog: And you...
67) 14) dialog: Ah, if everybody is to have  everything, then you need to plan  very carefully, you need to control  the future.  This is the tragedy  of Marxism.  The future is not  ours to control, nothing turns out  as we plan it. (to Ann) You remember that charming note of  Enzensberger's, Spanish anarchists  in 1898 looked forward to a glorious  future after the revolution В— a  world of incredibly tall shining  buildings, with elevators that  would save climbing stairs, electric  light for all, garbage disposal  chutes and wonderful household  gadgets.  This vision is now a  reality in our cities, the victory  has been won and it looks just  like defeat. ..
69) 0) text: On the back lawn Tom, Susan and Matthew are playing  football.  To one side, Jacek leans on his stick and  watches. 