1) 0) text: We are IN CLOSE as a story arrives on a press service  teleprinter.  A Hand tears away the sheet.  The CAMERA  TRACKS as we follow the story.  It passes through the  copytaster's hands and it passes on down to the summaries desk. This is a time of steady activity.  Journalists move abou the room to consult.  Others are writing in longhand, and several are dictating copy to typists, who are all women. One or two people - NEWSREADERS - sit about doing nothing Much movement of paper. Over the sound of typewriters and the murmur of dictating voices we HEAR a WOMAN'S VOICE over the P.A. Announce,  "The Leader of the Opposition on five".  A few journalist pick up their headsets, but they do not stop writing.  We establish the atmosphere - laconic but efficient, and a  little down-at-heel. At the summaries desk we find JAMES PENFIELD.  He stands  to the side of a little behind a seated secretary, dictat in a laconic deadpan voice from a sheet of scrawled  longhand.
1) 1) dialog: Between fifty and sixty scrap metal  workers are..
1) 2) text: The phone rings.  James snatches it and answers without  breaking stride.
1) 3) dialog: Hello.  Newsroom.
1) 5) dialog: Who?  Paul Dean?  He doesn't work  here anymore.
1) 7) dialog: No.  No.  Sorry.  Try IRN.
1) 9) dialog: ..reported to have landed illegally  on the island of South Georgia in  the South Atlantic.
2) 0) text: James and a newsreader (one of those we saw earlier doing nothing) stand together by the photocopier.  Walking with controlled haste and carrying the news sheets, they head  towards the studio.  A clock behind them shows two minute to twelve.
3) 0) text: James and the newsreader sit at a table in the studio,  fairly close together.  The newsreader settles himself  behind the microphone.  James sits back, professionally  bored, rolling a stub of a pencil between his fingers. Through a large loudspeaker we hear a Radio 4 programme  winding up.  Theme music. The newsreader has a plummy authoritative voice and is a  year or two younger than James.  He stares down at the  news sheet. From the Control Room a woman announces "One Minute".
3) 1) dialog: How's Mary?
3) 3) text: From the Studio Controller's POV we SEE the Newsroom behi James and the newsreader, who chat soundlessly.
4) 0) text: James hurries home through the din of rush hour Brixton.
5) 0) text: James' flat is one floor of a large Victorian house.  The decent-sized rooms knocked together make a very large  bedsitting room.  Bare boards, junk furniture, but elegan Heavy stereo stack, a lot of records, a lot of paperbacks In high spirits, James prepares to go out.  He chooses a  shirt, begins to undress.  The TV is on.
6) 0) text: An hour later.  James is dressed to go out.  The big room is now in darkness except for the light by James' armchai He is talking on the phone to his friend Jeremy Hancock.
6) 1) dialog: C'mon, you promised...tell her  you've got to finish a piece...I  know...I know, but it's my big  night...yes she's going to be  there...C'mon!  All I want you to  do is introduce me to her.  And  remember, build me up...good man.
7) 0) text: A high-ceilinged room in a publishing house, Bloomsbury. A launch party.  About forty guests.  Waiters take round  trays with glasses of wine.  By some large double doors i a display of school textbooks.  Most prominently featured is the book being launched today - Goldbooks Schools Seri No.  5 The Cold War, edited by Prefessor J. Gerty. James is led by a PERSONAL ASSISTANT through the crowd to meet GOLD, who is surrounded by ATTENTIVE YOUNG MEN.
7) 2) text: From the circle of polite laughter, Gold extends his hand towards James.
7) 9) dialog: Hello.
7) 11) text: Twenty minutes later.  JEREMY has just come in and is  surveying the room from the doorway.  He takes a drink  from a tray, notices James across the room and smiles  ruefully. Jeremy Hancock is a journalist, same age as James, good- looking and well-dressed.  A fairly corrupt look about  him, despite this.  He is intelligent and intensely self- regarding. James makes his way through the crowd towards Jeremy.   They stand on the doorway - a position which affords them a good view of the guests in the room and those guests wh are still arriving by way of a grand and ornate stairway.
7) 13) text: With mock solemnity, he kisses James on the cheek.
7) 14) dialog: Not here.
7) 16) dialog: To the airlift.
7) 18) dialog: Not yet you know any of these  people?
7) 20) dialog: Nonsense.
7) 23) dialog: Fuck off.
7) 25) dialog: That's her.
7) 28) text: SUSAN BARRINGTON is in her late twenties.  Flamboyant,  effortlessly confident, she inhibits that special world - with its different rules - of the truly ambitious.  James fascination owes as much to the certainties of her class  as to her looks. An attractive young man accompanies her up the stairs. Jeremy makes a sound.  Susan Glances up.
7) 32) text: The butler and the young man drop to the ground and set  about picking up the glasses.  Susan regards them for a  moment, then steps round them and hurries up the stairs. Jeremy and Susan go into a clinch, with kisses.  James  stands a few feet off.
7) 39) text: James and Susan say "Hi" and shake hands.
7) 41) dialog: Thank you.  We met last week, at  the Wajda film.  You won't remember.   We didn't actually speak.
7) 43) text: Bob, Jeremy, James all say "Hi".  Momentarily enthusiasm  flags, no one speaks.  Then the drinks tray is suddenly i their midst and they all reach out thankfully, with mock  groans of relief and surprise. An hour later, Guests are leaving.  James has got Susan  alone.  They descend the stairs.  CLOSE ON Susan, a  disparate kind of seriousness.
7) 45) text: They arrive by the front door.  There is the briefest pau James makes his bid.
7) 46) dialog: Can I give you a lift?
7) 48) text: James stands in the doorway and watches her go.
8) 0) text: An abrupt transition.  Morning rush hour, Brixton  Underground station to Oxford Circus.  James fights his  way through the crowd up the underground steps leading to the street.  He is late.
9) 2) text: James come in.  The Editor ignores him pointedly.  There  are no more seats.  James stands somewhere inconspicuous.
9) 10) dialog: Could be.
9) 13) text: Through this last speech we CLOSE IN on James.  Behind hi news prospects sheet he is reading a letter.  We glimpse  the letter heading: 'GOLDBOOKS'
10) 0) text: James is clearing a desk he has against a wall, in  preparation for work on his Suez book.  It is a desk that has not seen much use before, piled high with clutter.  H brings over a lamp for it, arranges the typewriter in its centre.  Various London library books are arranged along  one edge. On the wall above the desk, James pins a large map of Eur and the Mediterranean.  He sits at the desk, lines up a  couple of pencils...and picks up a book.
11) 0) text: Langan's, Piccadilly.  Gold and James are met at the door by the HEAD WAITER, Gold is obviously known here.   Businessmen, media people, agents, conspiracy, urgency,  babble.  Cornucopia too - dessert trolley, cheese trolley something being flambee'yd at a table. ANOTHER SHOT through the diners we find Gold and James  already seated.  The main course has been cleared away. clock shows the time to be ten to three.
11) 1) dialog: I was only ten years old at the  time, but it was the first  international crises I can remember.   It's obviously a key point, and  I've always thought that sooner or  later we would have to re-examine  Suez in the light of subsequent  events.  And now, suddenly, with  this Falklands business on us,  it's quite clear we do need to  take another look at 1956.  The  way I see the book is that it would  get away completely--
11) 4) dialog: No thanks.  I'd like to break away--
11) 6) dialog: ...break away completely from--
11) 8) dialog: ...from all the moralising and  talk of national humiliation that  is now the standard line on Suez...
11) 11) dialog: No.  I'd want to--
11) 13) dialog: I'd want to set out events as they  happened.  The way I see it is  this: the British Empire was an  ideal.  It may have become totally  obsolete by the middle of this  century, but it wasn't totally  dishonourable to try and defend  its remains and try and salvage  some self-respect, which is what I  think the Conservatives were trying  to do.  Then there's the essential--
11) 15) dialog: Yes, please.
11) 17) dialog: Thank you.
11) 18) text: Gold speaks to the waiter as James continues.
11) 19) dialog: ...there's the business of the  British collusion with Israel.  Of  course it's proved beyond all doubt  now, but I want to set it in the  context of diplomacy and warfare.   I mean, if you're about to attack  one country, it makes sense to  encourage neighbouring countries  to attack it to.  The French  understood this.  They could never--
11) 20) text: The waiter brings the coffee.  Gold is lighting a cigar,  having offered one to James.
11) 21) dialog: The French could never make out  all the embarrassment and breast- beating of the British.  My enemy's  enemy is my friend.  It's as simple  as that.  If we had not been so  scrupulous we would not have been  so ashamed.
11) 22) text: The waiter brings the sambuccas.  We CLOSE IN on the drin as James goes on talking.  Gold puts a match to James's  drink on this next line.
11) 23) dialog: Now it's as if we discovered  ourselves again.  We're acting  independently when the standard  line has always been that after  Suez we couldn't lift a finger  without the Americans.
12) 0) text: Gold and James stroll through the arcade, bloated from  their lunch.  Both are slightly drunk.  Gold is expansive
12) 2) dialog: Freshman and sophomores...
12) 4) dialog: Like I was saying, the American  angle in Suez is very important.   I wouldn't want to say they let us  down.  I think that's wrong.  A  good ally is one who doesn't back  you up in your mistakes, who tells  you when to pull back.  And the  Americans were good allies.  Simple  as that.
12) 5) text: James is immensely pleased with his own performance durin this speech.  Gold, however, is more interested in someth he has seen in a shop window.  As soon as James finishes, Gold mumbles an apology and plunges into the shop.  James follows him in.
13) 0) text: A lull in the action.  Most of the journalists are eating out.  A few eat sandwiches, smoke, chat, read.  A backgro television shows crowd scenes from Argentina. James sits with a plastic cup of coffee reading intently. He stands at the window looking out over the roofs.  Then he turns abruptly, picks up a telephone and dials.
13) 1) dialog: Is that London Midweek?  Susan  Barrington.
14) 0) text: James turns off the street up the front path of a  nondescript per-war semi.
15) 0) text: MR. PENFIELD comes into the hall to answer the door.  He  is tired-looking man in his sixties.  James enters.  The  two men fumble awkwardly between a handshake and an embra It is James who favours the former.
15) 2) dialog: Dad.
16) 0) text: Mr. Penfield fusses inexpertly at the stove.  James leans in the doorway.
16) 1) dialog: So how is she?
16) 3) dialog: I'm sorry about Saturday, Dad.  It  was just impossible to get away.
16) 5) text: James picks up the tray - tinned tomato soup, buttered  bread, and a cup of tea.
17) 0) text: MRS. PENFIELD lies on her back, dozing.  She is plainly  very ill.  James sits at the bedside.  The tray of food  cools on a bedside table.  We have a sense of time passin Mrs. Penfield opens her eyes.  James kisses her on her  cheeks.
17) 2) text: This speech appears to exhaust her.  Hey eyes close.  She keeps hold of James's hand.  She murmurs.
17) 4) dialog: No, not yet.
17) 6) text: James sits.  His mother falls into a deep sleep.
18) 0) text: Mr. Penfield sits drinking tea and watching TV.  He stand when James enters and turns the set off.
18) 1) dialog: She's asleep.
18) 2) text: Mr. Penfield indicates a seat to James.
18) 4) dialog: That's good.
18) 6) dialog: Yes, you said.
18) 8) dialog: No, thanks Dad.
18) 10) text: James shakes his head.  There is a long awkward silence, hopeless silence that is particular to both father and  son.  Finally James gets to his feet.
18) 11) dialog: I've got to be going.  I've got a  meeting tonight.
18) 13) dialog: I'll ring you in the next couple  of days.
19) 0) text: James and Susan arrive at the Barbican together.  Their  conversation is a little detached from its subject matter They are feeling each other out.  They are not disagreein here.  As they talk they make a complicated route through the Arts Centre, always on the verge of getting lost.
19) 1) dialog: What did you think of that Wadja  film?
19) 3) dialog: I thought it was tremendous.
19) 5) dialog: I couldn't bear for it to end.
19) 7) dialog: Oh, but he was terrific.
19) 9) dialog: Really?  I thought those long  flashbacks were extremely good.
20) 1) dialog: You don't like flashbacks because  your mother's a historian.
20) 3) dialog: Too bad.  What did your father do?
21) 0) text: A little later.  A Private View.  A discreetly murmuring, wine, canapГ©s. The paintings - painfully pretentious - represent various forms of aesthetic self-consciousness. James and Susan look at the pictures, but make no referen to them.  They spend a little time in front of each one  before moving to the next.  James speech is broken by  moments of contemplation.  As they move on again, he pick up his thread.
21) 1) dialog: Everyone describes the same process.   At first it is exciting.  You're  at the centre of the world.  As  soon as anything happens, you're  the first to know about it.  And  there are deadlines a dozen times  a day, even more, and that's  intimidating and exciting.  Then  you get the hang of it and the  excitement wears off.  Your a clerk  in a rather dowdy Office.  There's  none of the glamour of television,  or the penetration of serious  journalism.  You're a processor of  semi-official news.  Some people  leave at this stage.  Then, if you  hang on, and especially if you're  promoted, you discover a new kind  of pleasure.  You're pleased by  the ease with which you can write  summaries and bulletins from news  agency printouts, by the way you  ca judge length.  Ending a broadcast  on the dot, having everything run  smoothly, selecting a running order  that makes sense, knowing  instinctively what you can and  cannot do.  Professionalism.
21) 3) dialog: No, there's a fourth.  Numbness.   You do everything right, but you  feel nothing either way.
21) 5) dialog: Oh yes?
21) 7) text: Susan has moved on a couple of steps and is bending forwa to look at a picture.  James smiles at her wonderingly, a little deflated, but impressed.
22) 0) text: Jeremy is sprawled in a chair with a drink.  James is  standing.  Muted piano music from the stereo.  EDWARD has just entered.  The other two have been waiting for him.
22) 1) dialog: It's the Poet Laureate himself.
22) 2) text: Edward approaches.  He is a contemporary of the other two but looks much younger and less worldly in manner.  He is slightly nervous.  He works on a literary magazine and he is a poet whose work is just beginning to be recognised. The three are old friends.  Jeremy and James keep up thei friendship with Edward because they recognise his talent, and this makes them feel more authentic.  Edward keeps up with them because he is lonely and his own life is rather dull.  However, he does distrust them a little.  And they keep his talent in place by teasing him. As Edward enters the other two applaud.
22) 6) text: James pours wine into Edward's glass.
22) 7) dialog: We were admiring your poem in the  TLS, Edward.
22) 11) text: James picks up the TLS and waves it at Edward.
22) 14) dialog: BlasГ© and epicene.
22) 21) dialog: C'mon.  I don't want any Jones  about this.
22) 25) dialog: Bastard.
23) 0) text: A sumptuously cluttered place.  A chesterfield.  Deep  armchairs, silk cushions, many prints, coffee table, book Clearly an inherited place. Susan is pouring coffee.  James sits across from her, jac off, sunk in cushions. JEREMY'S VOICE OVER RECEDES.
23) 2) dialog: How nice.
23) 4) dialog: Both dead.
23) 8) dialog: Who?
23) 10) dialog: Very thoughtful.
24) 0) text: A minute later, James and Susan stand at the front door. Portico and steps down to the street.  Taxi waits.  They  kiss, Susan draws back.
24) 1) dialog: Again?
24) 3) text: James descends the stairs.  Susan closes the door.
25) 0) text: A cocktail bar, a self-conscious imitation of the America model.  James and Jeremy sit on high stools at the bar.   Tall colourful drinks are being set down in front of them On a TV there are scenes of the departing Royal Navy flee
25) 2) dialog: To the Fleet.
25) 4) dialog: The Argies.
25) 7) dialog: (reaching for it) Come on.  Hand over.
25) 8) text: Jeremy outs the envelope out of James's reach.
25) 10) dialog: It's shit.
25) 12) dialog: Let me see.
25) 14) dialog: Jeremy, just let me see what you've  got.
25) 16) dialog: Oh yes.
25) 18) dialog: Let me see.
25) 20) text: Jeremy hands over the envelope which James now opens.
25) 22) dialog: Mmm...
25) 24) dialog: You're so gross.
25) 26) dialog: Ha ha...
25) 28) dialog: You've really got it all worked  out, haven't you?
26) 0) text: James walks along a busy corridor in a polytechnic.  In a recess to one side is a games room.  Along the walls are  Space Invader machines by the dozen.  Students stand at  the machines intently, their faces illuminated by the glo We SEE some expertly handled Space Invader action.  James approaches one of the players and asks directions.  Witho looking up the student points down the corridor.
27) 0) text: James stands outside the doors or a lecture hall.  Inside a lecture is in progress.  We catch a few words. James pushes the door open.
28) 0) text: The LECTURER glances back and acknowledges his presence. James stands at the back of the hall for the end of the  lecture.
28) 2) text: The students stand and begin to move out.  James and the  Lecturer move towards each other and shake hands.
29) 0) text: James and the Lecturer sit separated by a low table.  A  tape-recorder is on the Lecturer's side of the table.
29) 2) dialog: No, sorry, could you lean forward  a bit when you speak.
29) 4) dialog: It's okay.
30) 0) text: The Lecturer's voice continues on the tape.  James pours drink and he listens and walks towards his desk.
30) 2) text: James switches the tape recorder off.  He picks up the  Vogue 'Mothers and Daughters' article and pins it to the  map of Egypt.
31) 0) text: A poetry reading, given by Edward Long, has just come to  and end.  There are about fifty present, and empty chairs behind.  Jeremy and James are in the audience. Edward is reading the last stanza of a poem.
31) 10) text: During this, Jeremy has caught James's eye and they have  started to giggle silently.  This continues through the  scene.  They hunch up and turn away from each other, shak quietly, half recover, become aware of each other, or of  the absurdity of the questions, or of Edward's attempts t deal with them, and they fold up once more.  From Edward' POV we SEE their heads duck down.
31) 12) text: While Edward answers, the woman nods vigorously. James and Jeremy recover in the brief pause between  questions.  They lift tear-stained faces, then crack up a the next question. A young man, anorak, flat auto-didact's 'does the team  think' voice.  A piece of paper in hand, he stands,  trembling.
31) 17) text: CLOSE ON James, drawing breath.  A sudden sharp yelp from Jeremy fighting for air.  All heads turn.  The two are  almost off their seats onto the floor.  We move CLOSE ON  them and hear their moans or 'No', 'No' and 'Stop', 'stop and 'Sorry!'  
32) 2) text: James is standing by a secretary dictating.
32) 3) dialog: Wait...and with talks at the United  Nations still making little  progress, tension and anxiety  settled on MPs of all parties in  Westminster.  Speaking on the Jimmy  Young Show earlier today, Mrs  Thatcher said the prospects of a  peaceful solution did not look  encouraging.  What is it?
32) 5) text: James glances over the sheets.
32) 6) dialog: Not bad.
32) 8) dialog: Terrific.
32) 9) text: Philip moves on to show someone else nearby.  We hear him explain his triumph again. James makes a gesture and expression of contempt for the  benefit of the secretaries. A group of journalists passes through.  James catches one of them by the arm.
32) 10) dialog: Can I use the phone in your office?
33) 0) text: A small bare office.  A few minutes later, James is speak on the phone to Susan.
33) 1) dialog: (into phone) You're being very elusive...tell  them you're ill...or leave early  then...do it properly, tell them a  lie...Okay, come when you can.   You've got the address...yes, it  will be nice.  'Bye..
34) 0) text: Susan sits cross-legged in the centre of James's bed.   James lies along one edge, head propped on elbows.  They' been drinking coffee.  We have the sense of a long evenin of talk, but not much else so far.  A pause before Susan  speaks.
34) 1) dialog: Why not stay?
34) 3) dialog: Me too.
34) 5) dialog: Too late.  Just my luck.
34) 6) text: He stands behind her and kisses her neck.  She turns and  they kiss.  Susan pulls away.  She taps James's nose with her forefinger.
34) 8) text: She reaches for her coat.  James helps her.
34) 9) dialog: You don't trust me.
34) 11) dialog: In radio we're different.
34) 14) dialog: I might see you in Norfolk over  the weekend.
35) 0) text: A day later.  A glass-fronted Squash Court.  James and  Jeremy are into a game.  Both are inept and very unfit.   We COME IN on a rally.  Jeremy misses an easy ball and  let's his racket drop.  James sits down with his back to  the wall.  Jeremy gets his cigarettes from the corner of  the court.  They inhale smoke as if it were fresh air.
35) 2) dialog: We've been playing ten minutes for  Christ sake.
35) 5) dialog: What have you been up to?
35) 7) dialog: The torture of small children--
35) 9) dialog: Hold those rights.
35) 15) dialog: And we're not quiet finished.
35) 21) dialog: On the other hand, we might be  more comfortable at the bar.  I've  got some news on Suez.
36) 0) text: James adjusts his tie in the mirror.  The PHONE RINGS, La over James's voice into SCENES 38 and 39.
36) 1) dialog: Ohm hello, Dad, I've been meaning  to phone you.  How is she?...Oh...in  the night?...Oh God.  What does  the doctor say?...Look, I will, I  will.  I promise.  But it's  impossible at the moment, now with  the crisis on.  I'm working night  and day...Look, tell her I'll come  as soon as I can.  I promise...Look,  Dad, I've got to dash.  Give her  my love.  Yes...bye.
37) 0) text: James walks down a Brixton street, down a narrow road to set of lock-up garages.  A group of black kids are playin football here.  James steps round puddles, careful not to muddy his shoes.  He scowls at the kids and unlocks his  garage. James backs his car out of the garage.  An early sixties  Jaguar saloon.  He gets to close to the garage door.  The game of football rages around his car, as if it was not  there.
38) 0) text: Ten minutes later.  A car wash.  From the driver's POV we SEE the revolving brushes advance and engulf the car. The phone conversation ends.  James reaches down and push a tape into the car tape deck.  We will HEAR the recordin all through James's journey to SCENE 41.
39) 0) text: James's car makes its way through the city.
40) 0) text: An hour later.  The M11. James's car speeds away from us.
41) 0) text: An hour and a half later.  James drives along a country  road.
42) 0) text: A small BOY, TOM, peers over a wall at James's car as it  sweeps into the drive.
43) 0) text: Five minutes later.  The Barrington house.  The library. James waits alone.  The house stands in its own grounds - an old rectory, spacious, but not over-grand.  Much charm 19th and 20th Century oil paintings, a serious reader's  library.  Pleasant disorder, but no squalor.  There is on housekeeper. Somewhere in the house a PHONE RINGS.  There are footstep James crosses to a window which faces out over the garden which is large and well-kept.At some distance away a  gardener is raking leaves.  Another man comes and talks t him and then disappears from sight.  This is MATHEW, Anne Barrington's husband. The door opens slowly.  TOM, the ten year old son of  Matthew, stares at James. After a pause.
43) 1) dialog: Hello.
43) 3) dialog: I'm waiting for your mother.
43) 5) dialog: Thanks.
43) 7) dialog: Okay, I will.
43) 9) dialog: Oh, I see.
43) 11) dialog: Not at all.  History.
43) 14) dialog: Suez.  1956.
43) 16) dialog: All right.
43) 18) dialog: What about the Cromwells?
43) 22) dialog: It's kind of you to see me.
43) 26) dialog: He was delightful.
44) 0) text: Ten minutes later.  Anne sits behind her desk, James sits across from her.  The HOUSEKEEPER sets down a tray and  leaves. Anne appraises James and deals with the coffee, and for  the first time in the film we take a long, hard look at  him too.  The light flatters.  The notebook at his side,  his patience and deference, the well-cut suit...he is at  least credible.
44) 2) dialog: What a shame.
44) 4) dialog: (smiling, uncertain) Well, I am a great admirer of your  work.  I read your books on Chartism  when I was still at school.  I'm a  journalist, not a historian.  There  are questions of method, and  approach.  I wondered--
44) 6) dialog: Yes.
45) 0) text: The Garden, same time.  Tom wanders aimlessly near the  house.  He comes to one of the library windows and peers  in. Unobserved, he watches Ann and James.  Ann is speaking.   James interrupts, Anne nods.  James writes something down in his notebook. Tom hears his father in the distance calling his name.  H leaves the window and runs.
46) 2) dialog: It's fine, thank you.
46) 4) dialog: Please do.  I was beginning to  wonder who this Mr. Penfield was.
46) 6) text: James raises his glass.
46) 7) dialog: To Ann.
46) 9) dialog: History books are first onto the  bonfires.
46) 11) text: James is uneasy, a little out of his depth.
46) 13) dialog: Thanks.
46) 14) text: A Pause.  Ann has already emptied her glass.  James has  hardly touched his.  Ann refills her own.  Then James,  lightly, wanting to be back on familiar ground.
46) 15) dialog: So I can go ahead and be a historian  without feeling like a poseur.I  shall be fulfilling a citizen's  duty.
46) 17) dialog: You're kind to be so encouraging.
46) 19) text: She smiles and briefly touches James's hand.  James looks up impassive.
47) 0) text: Anne and James are returning from an after-lunch walk.  W have a glimpse of the landscape we will see more of on  James's return. As they walk they arrive through a back gate into the  Barrington garden.  A jet fighter races through the sky.
47) 4) dialog: Actually, we've only just met.   But we're quiet good friends.
47) 6) dialog: Yes.
47) 8) dialog: Well, I'd hate to be a nuisance.
48) 0) text: They come round the front of the house to James's car.  H opens the door and shakes Ann's hand.
48) 1) dialog: Thank you.
48) 3) text: Matthew's car comes sweeping up the drive.  Tom is in the front seat.  Matthew stops his car so that his front door is by James. MATTHEW is fifty.  A director of commercials for cinema  and television.  Breezy, chunky-faced, keen to be taken  seriously.  Essentially good-humoured.
48) 6) text: Matthew and James shake hands over the car doors.
48) 11) text: James pulls away.  Ann stands watching him till he is out of sight, and a little longer after that.
49) 0) text: Ten minutes later.  James drives along the A149 near Clay He has the window wide open, the radio on.  The great  expanse of salt marsh is to his right.  The huge sky.  Th mood is triumphant.
50) 0) text: Half an hour later.  A lonely road in central Norfolk.   James brings the car to a sudden halt.  He switches off  the engine.  In the silence we are able to hear the car  cassette player.  As it plays, James walks round the car  till he finds his flat tyre.  He rummages with growing il temper in the boot.  Two cases of empty wine bottles, a  mildewed towel and swimming trunks, but no jack.
50) 2) text: Furious, he goes to the front of the car and snaps off th tape machine, and stands jiggling his keys in the vast  silence. A minute later.  James sets off.  The immensity of the  landscape, the incongruousness of his clothes... 
51) 0) text: James, walking.
52) 0) text: The road passes through a wood.  When BETTY speaks, it  surprises both James and us. She stands at the head of a little grass track that leads into a wood.  She carries a plastic carrier bag.  She is  almost childlike in her friendliness.
52) 2) dialog: What?
52) 5) dialog: James Penfield.
53) 0) text: James follows Betty through the woods.  A rumbling and  whining noise increases in violence and becomes deafening once they leave the wood and cross open ground towards a  Military Air Base.  The Peace Camp is near the perimeter  fence.  A ramshackle collection of tents, caravans, a tep and a rough wooden shelter which is the communal area.  A fire burns here.  Various peace signs, Women's Movement  sign and slogan.  ('Fight War, Not Wars', etc.) Three women are sitting around the fire.  A little furthe off a MAN is chopping wood.  One of the women, CARMEN, is over sixty.  The other two are in their thirties.  The  man, PETE, is a vintage hippy.  A good mix of regional  accents among the campers.  Betty leads James to the fire
53) 3) dialog: (Dodging smoke from  the fire) Thank you.
53) 7) dialog: Er, listen, I... I've got a  puncture.  I wondered if I might  borrow a jack.
53) 9) dialog: Sorry to be a nuisance.
53) 10) text: Pete ambles over.  Inscrutable behind much hair.  He  registers no awareness of James.  He smokes a roll-up.
53) 16) dialog: It's fine, thanks.
53) 18) dialog: Penfield.  James Penfield.
53) 20) text: The women smile and murmur hello as they are introduced. Their friendliness progressively disorientates James.
53) 26) dialog: I work in radio news, in London.
53) 28) dialog: But I'm not an interviewer or a  correspondent.
53) 31) text: Pete hands a jack to James.
53) 32) dialog: Oh, great.  Thanks.
53) 33) text: Now James has his jack he begins to back away.
53) 35) dialog: Very good.
53) 37) dialog: Yes.
53) 40) dialog: Terrific.
53) 42) dialog: I'll suggest it.  Remember though,  we're news, not features.  It might  help if you could get yourselves  attacked by the police.  Anyway,  I'll be back with this soon.   Thanks.
53) 44) dialog: I won't be a moment.
54) 0) text: James drives down the road towards the airbase.  He stops his car well short of the camp.  He takes the jack from  the car and walks towards the camp.  There are more peopl now moving in and out of the light of the fire.  The soun of voices, laughter, mostly female.  A meal is being cook James sets down the jack where it can be found.  He has  been observed throughout by Pete, from the shadows.  He  speaks as James is turning back towards his car.
54) 2) dialog: Er, yes, I put the jack by the ...  hut there.  Thanks for your help  ... I... I have to be getting back  ... so ... see you.  And thanks  ... and ... all the best.
54) 3) text: Pete watches James walk away.
55) 0) text: London.  A day later.  The television company where Susan works.  James is late.  The lift is out of order.  He run up several flights of stairs with diminishing energy. 
56) 0) text: Breathless, James bursts into the screening room.  Susan  is seated.  Jeremy stands near her, leaning against a des smoking.  By contrast, they are calm.
56) 2) dialog: Sorry.  Got held up.  What are you  doing here?
56) 4) dialog: (to Susan) Will it be fun? 
56) 7) dialog: Perhaps I will, then.
56) 9) dialog: I'll ring you.
56) 12) dialog: I think she liked me.
56) 14) dialog: No.  We talked about history, and  Siberian Geese.
56) 15) text: The lights go down. We SEE a series of FILM CLIPS about Suez: crowd scenes in Cairo; footage of the Fleet on its way from Malta; the  actual invasion; parachutes; Eden at Downing Street; Lloy at the airport; the protest meeting at Trafalgar Square;  fighting in Suez streets. James sneaks occasional looks at Susan throughout.  We SE her in profile, lit by the screen.
56) 19) dialog: (kissing Susan's  fingers) I haven't really thought about it.
56) 21) text: James kisses Susan.  She complies rather than responds. Susan disengages herself gently and gathers her things.   She stands.
57) 0) text: A day or two later.  People are drifting out to go down  the corridor to the morning news conference.  James is on of the last to leave.  On his way out he meets Charles,  the newsreader from Scene two.
57) 1) dialog: Charles!  I didn't know you were  back.  Have a good holiday?
57) 3) dialog: Working hard on that book I was  telling you about.  Coming to the  meeting?
57) 5) dialog: Keep me company.
58) 0) text: James steers Charles out of the newsroom and along the  corridor.  Only slowly does it become apparent that Charl is in a state of distress.
58) 1) dialog: How's Mary?
58) 3) dialog: No.  That's terrible, Charles.   What happened?
59) 6) dialog: Well, it's all a bit cranky and  small scale.  Vegetarians, hippies,  disturbed housewives.  Local radio  story, I'd say, if that.  They're  mad.
60) 0) text: Two hours later.  The studio.  James and Charles sit at  the table, as in Scene Three.  Charles reads.  He is  obviously distressed but his voice remains under control. James watches anxiously.
60) 3) dialog: My God that was close!  Well done,  Charles.  I knew you wouldn't let  me down.  But God!  We almost didn't  make it.
60) 4) text: James is standing, gathering papers.  He bustles out,  indifferent.  We CLOSE IN on Charles.  Unseen by anyone,  he is just beginning to cry.
61) 0) text: James is typing rapidly.  There is a growing pile of  typewritten sheets to one side.  We go over his shoulder  and look closely at the map, Egypt, the desert . . .
62) 0) text: A few days later.  James has just arrived and switched hi engine off.  But for the wind and birdsong, silence.  The is no reply when he tries the front door.  A note pinned  to the door reads: 'Gone for a walk.  Follow footpath.   Susan.' 
63) 0) text: James walks along the dyke, across the marshes.  Below  him, on the sand, in the distance, are two figures.  Jame stops to watch them.  Matthew and Susan are deep in  conversation В— evidently a serious matter.  They seem to be making an agreement.  Matthew puts his head on Susan's shoulder, and they walk on, unaware of James.
64) 0) text: A burst of laughter.  It is dinner.  Seated are Ann,  Matthew, Tom, Susan, James and JACEK, a professor from  Central Europe, mid-sixties, an old friend of Ann's.  Bet the housemaid, serves.
64) 5) dialog: And to me.
64) 14) text: During this last speech of Jacek's we SEE James trying to catch Susan's eye.  She glances up and looks away. 
65) 0) text: An hour later. Wine glass in hand James goes upstairs.  He comes to Tom' room.
66) 0) text: Susan has been seeing Tom into bed.  James watches from  the doorway.  She kisses her brother and turns out the  light. 
66) 4) text: James and Susan linger in the semi-darkness outside Tom's room.  From downstairs comes the sound of boisterous  conversation.
66) 5) dialog: I haven't seen much of you.
66) 7) dialog: He's all right, the professor.
66) 11) text: Tom retreats into his bedroom.  James and Susan move to  the head of the stairs.
66) 12) dialog: Look, will you come on a walk with  me tomorrow?
66) 14) dialog: Might?
66) 21) text: Ann lingers a moment.  She wants James downstairs.  As  soon as she has gone, he kisses Susan.
66) 22) dialog: Might?
67) 0) text: The library.  A fire burns.  Ann pours the coffee and is  highly aware of James when he comes in.  Jacek is a littl drunk.
67) 10) text: Expectant pause.  Susan smirks.  James is out of his dept
67) 11) dialog: Well, there's no reason why a  socialist shouldn't like comfort,  or own a wood, or be very rich.   The problem is making all that  available to everybody ...
70) 0) text: The library.  Ann and James sit facing each other by the  fireplace.  The game of football can be heard.  From wher James sits he can see past and into the gardens, the  occasional glimpse of Susan, the enticing sunlight. 
70) 2) dialog: I will, thanks.
70) 7) dialog: Thanks.  Hello... how did you get  this number?  I see.  Look, I'm  really sorry about last week, I...  no, I'm up here researching  something I... is she?.. . well,  don't they have painkillers for  that?... Oh, yeah... Look, tell  her 111 be there... I can't just  drop everything.  It'll probably  be the day after tomorrow...  Right... Ok... yes, goodbye. (to Ann) It's a relative of mine.  She's  not very well.  (He sits down again) I'm sorry.  What were you saying?
71) 0) text: A couple of hours later.  Susan sits on a bench re-tying  the lace of her walking boot.  James stands, waiting.
71) 2) dialog: What did he want?
71) 4) dialog: That'll be fun
71) 6) dialog: Why not.
71) 9) dialog: Well, we were just...
71) 16) dialog: Susan...
71) 19) text: James has been quickly outmanoeuvred by Susan.  He stands awkwardly for a moment, collecting himself.
71) 21) dialog: Yes.
72) 0) text: The dyke across the marshes, the sand dunes, the sea.   During Ann's monologue (broken up where appropriate) we  SEE the two sometimes IN CLOSE, sometimes as MINUTE FIGUR in this immense landscape. James follows Ann along the dyke.  They stop and she poin out a wooded hill, well inland.  Later... 
72) 2) dialog: Didn't Evelyn Waugh say that the  country under Atlee seemed to be  under enemy occupation?
72) 4) dialog: What went wrong?
72) 8) text: They smile at each other.  Ann moves in to kiss James passionately.  He complies.  A jet fighter flies in low over the marshes.
73) 0) text: Susan and Tom, who wears pyjamas and dressing-gown, are  playing Chess.  James watches Susan.  Tom is noisily,  bossily instructing her in the rules.  Matthew is  approaching James, about to speak.
73) 2) dialog: No.
73) 6) text: There is a moment of awkwardness.  James squeezes past  Matthew and goes towards Ann. 
73) 7) dialog: Excuse me.
74) 0) text: The library.  A moment later.  James has just come in.   Ann hands him a silver framed photograph. 
74) 2) text: The resemblance between James and the dead brother should be clear.  James studies the photograph.  He looks up.   Ann is gazing at him steadily. 
75) 0) text: Half an hour later.  Ann, Matthew, Susan and James.  A  certain strain.  The sound of knives and forks only.  In  the hall the PHONE RINGS.  They hear Betty pick it up.   Still holding the receiver she pushes open the dining-roo door. 
75) 4) text: He pushes the door shut with his foot.  James looks at  Susan.  Susan glances at her mother.  Ann knows it is one of Matthew's girlfriends.  She goes on eating, a brave bu failing attempt to appear untouched.
76) 0) text: Very late, the same night.  From the point of view of an  intruder we move into the room.  James is asleep.
77) 0) text: A little later.  The bedside lamp is on.  James lies stil his expression numb.  The bedclothes are in disarray.  Hi bedroom door is just closing.
78) 0) text: The Newsroom at its busiest, as in Scene One.  Linger on  the activity before finding James.  He sits writing a rep in longhand, referring to News Agency material.  Much  dictating going on around him, so that Philip who sits  across from him has almost to shout to be heard.  He has  picked up a phone and is covering the mouthpiece.
78) 2) dialog: I'm not here.
78) 4) dialog: Next time tell her I've gone away.
78) 6) dialog: (rim smile) Exactly that.
79) 2) text: Pulling away, we see where we are.  James sits in a chair reading a magazine.  God, that was terrible.  Don't ever  ask me another favour like that.
79) 3) dialog: You were wonderful.  I'm very  grateful.
79) 5) dialog: I will, sooner or later. (standing) Trouble is I hate writing letters.   Now, where are we going to eat?
80) 0) text: What we SEE first is the actual set and only subsequently the surrounding technical apparatus of film-making.  We  are suddenly in a deeply contented pre-war middle-class  sitting-room.  Guide track: sweet, period music.  Dad sit in an armchair reading a newspaper.  A pipe is near at  hand.  To one side, a wireless.  At his feet, a girl play with a doll; a boy plays with a model steam engine. Mum enters with a tray of steaming hot drinks.  As she  sets down the tray on the arm of Dad's chair, the music  peaks and the children half rise and arrange themselves o either side of Dad's legs.  Everyone smiles up at Mum.   Once this has unfolded, we pull back to see the camera  crew, continuity, make-up etc. James is standing to one  side watching.
80) 4) text: Matthew to ad lib instructions to actors and crew.  He  notices James.
80) 6) text: The commercial is set up and shot again, with Matthew  continuing to give ad libbed directions.  As soon as the  take is over, Matthew snatches his jacket, gives a quick  kiss to a young woman who could well be his current lover and steers James out of the studio.
81) 2) dialog: Yes.
81) 4) dialog: I dunno.  Ploughman's Lunch.
81) 6) dialog: U-huh.
81) 8) text: We look at James's plate, the unappetising food.  Matthew takes a long drink.
81) 12) text: James does not.
81) 14) dialog: She said that?
81) 16) dialog: Now listen...
81) 18) text: We are CLOSE IN on James's reaction.
82) 0) text: James drives towards Susan's flat.  Jeremy sprawls in the back seat, slowly peeling the foil from a champagne bottl Both are well-dressed.  As they draw up outside Susan's  flat, Jeremy leans forward and murmurs in James's ear. 
82) 2) dialog: I'm not sure. 
82) 3) text: He presses the horn and gets out.  Jeremy gets out too.   Susan comes down the steps.  She is also smartly dressed. She kisses James.  He takes her small suitcase and puts i in the boot.  She kisses Jeremy.
82) 7) text: James hands Susan into the front seat. 
84) 3) text: The cork flies.  The champagne is poured.  Susan hands a  glass to James.
85) 0) text: James drives into a multi-storey car park.  Jeremy gets  out of the car and goes to look at the view which is of  modern office developments.
85) 8) text: James joins them.  There follows a little charade of mock sympathy.
86) 0) text: James, Jeremy and Susan walk along the promenade and cros the road towards the Grand Hotel.  The Conference Centre  is visible and so too are the POLICE and DEMONSTRATORS.   Jeremy has linked arms with Susan.  James lags behind a  little.  Jeremy tells a joke, barely audible above the  SOUND of TRAFFIC and the CHANTS of the PROTESTORS.  Susan giggles as she and Jeremy skip forward to dodge the traff
87) 3) dialog: Shall we have a drink or something?
87) 5) text: James is left.
88) 0) text: DELEGATES and MPs, and MEDIA PEOPLE, are taking tea on th long balcony of the Grand Hotel.  Jeremy is interviewing  an MP.  James and Susan sit at the same table listening.
88) 5) text: Jeremy leaves.  James comes and sits closer to Susan.
88) 6) dialog: We don't seem to get much time to  talk.
88) 10) text: Susan makes a half-hearted apologetic gesture and leaves. As she goes she passes Jeremy who holds a Press Pass for  James.  He kneels by James's chair and pins the card to  his lapel.
89) 0) text: The three walk towards the Conference Centre, along the  gauntlet of PROTESTORS and ONLOOKERS.  Among them are Car and Betty, holding a placard which says 'Women's Peace  Camp'.  They catch sight of James.  Some puzzled  recognition.  James hurries away from the women and throu the doors into the Centre.
90) 0) text: James, Susan and Jeremy come onto the Press balcony and  find their seats while FRANCIS PYM delivers a speech.
90) 2) dialog: (to Susan) I managed to book us a table at  Wheelers.
91) 0) text: James, Jeremy and Susan.  Journalists, delegates etc.
91) 10) dialog: Yes, finally.
91) 12) dialog: (sudden) Are you up to something?
92) 0) text: James wanders through the Centre in search of Susan.  He  enters the debating chamber.  MICHAEL HESELTINE is  addressing the Conference.  James wanders out to the spac below the platform where journalists and photographers ar gathered.  He goes up the aisles between the seated  delegates.  No sign of Susan.  He leaves the chamber.
93) 0) text: James climbs the stairs to the Press balcony.  He hears  Mrs Thatcher's voice, and from the street below, the  chanting of protestors.
94) 0) text: James passes through the doors and finds a seat.
94) 2) text: James suddenly notices Susan down on the lower floor.  Sh passes through the doors and is gone.  James gets to his  feet.
94) 4) text: Jeremy and Susan come through the doors onto the Press  balcony.  James stops.  They have not seen him.  He watch as they stand together.  Clearly a new intimacy has been  established.
94) 6) text: Jeremy kisses the nape of Susan's neck.  They are not  interested in staying for the speech.  James watches ston as they leave.
94) 8) text: Numbed, James returns to his seat.
94) 12) text: James sits through the standing ovation.  The delegates  cheer, Land of Hope and Glory' is sung.  James chews his  nails.
95) 0) text: Hours later.  WORKMEN are dismantling the platforms, taki away props, taking down the Conference backdrop and sloga In LONG-SHOT we SEE Jeremy making his way between the row of chairs.  James pursues him enraged, shouting.  The ad  libbed obscenity can barely be heard.
96) 0) text: James and Jeremy. James's rage is spent.  It has collapsed into bitterness. The two men stop under a street lamp.
96) 2) dialog: Fuck off.
96) 4) dialog: My God.  You even cooked up that  Norfolk trip.
96) 6) dialog: You're a piece of shit
96) 8) text: At this last word, James looks up.  Jeremy walks away.
97) 0) text: A few weeks later.  We don't see James.  We SEE and HEAR  words pounding onto the PAGE.  A fury in the typing.  The page is pulled clear.  SILENCE.  We STAY ON the TYPEWRITE
98) 0) text: James is leaving in a hurry.  He pulls on a thick overcoa gathers up some papers, ignores someone who calls after  him as he leaves.
99) 0) text: Gold stands by his desk as James comes in, pouring two  glasses of wine.
99) 2) dialog: Thank you.
99) 4) dialog: And to history.
100) 0) text: A group of mourners round a grave.  A grey day.  A priest reads from the Book of Common Prayer, but his voice is  virtually lost to us.  We find James's father, hunched in his overcoat, face immobile with grief.  Next to him, Jam expressionless. James glances at his watch. FREEZE FRAME. OPTICAL ZOOM.