6) 0) text: An hour later.  James is dressed to go out.  The big room is now in darkness except for the light by James' armchai He is talking on the phone to his friend Jeremy Hancock.
7) 11) text: Twenty minutes later.  JEREMY has just come in and is  surveying the room from the doorway.  He takes a drink  from a tray, notices James across the room and smiles  ruefully. Jeremy Hancock is a journalist, same age as James, good- looking and well-dressed.  A fairly corrupt look about  him, despite this.  He is intelligent and intensely self- regarding. James makes his way through the crowd towards Jeremy.   They stand on the doorway - a position which affords them a good view of the guests in the room and those guests wh are still arriving by way of a grand and ornate stairway.
7) 12) dialog: My dear James.
7) 15) dialog: To the airlift.
7) 17) dialog: Any sign of the goddess Barrington?
7) 19) dialog: One or two.  A grey lot.  Some  social democrats.  Some diligent  anti-communists.  A political  section man from the US Embassy.   And this exquisite Californian  wine, courtesy of the CIA.
7) 28) text: SUSAN BARRINGTON is in her late twenties.  Flamboyant,  effortlessly confident, she inhibits that special world - with its different rules - of the truly ambitious.  James fascination owes as much to the certainties of her class  as to her looks. An attractive young man accompanies her up the stairs. Jeremy makes a sound.  Susan Glances up.
7) 30) text: She waves and her elbow catches a tray of champagne being carried downstairs.  Glasses fall about her feet.  While  apologising, Susan does not take her eyes off Jeremy.
7) 32) text: The butler and the young man drop to the ground and set  about picking up the glasses.  Susan regards them for a  moment, then steps round them and hurries up the stairs. Jeremy and Susan go into a clinch, with kisses.  James  stands a few feet off.
7) 34) dialog: Darling Susan.
7) 36) dialog: And you're so beautiful.  What are  you doing here?
7) 38) dialog: In that case, you should meet my  very dear friend, James Penfield.   Brilliant analyst of recent history  and a world authority on the Berlin  Airlift.
7) 43) text: Bob, Jeremy, James all say "Hi".  Momentarily enthusiasm  flags, no one speaks.  Then the drinks tray is suddenly i their midst and they all reach out thankfully, with mock  groans of relief and surprise. An hour later, Guests are leaving.  James has got Susan  alone.  They descend the stairs.  CLOSE ON Susan, a  disparate kind of seriousness.
22) 0) text: Jeremy is sprawled in a chair with a drink.  James is  standing.  Muted piano music from the stereo.  EDWARD has just entered.  The other two have been waiting for him.
22) 2) text: Edward approaches.  He is a contemporary of the other two but looks much younger and less worldly in manner.  He is slightly nervous.  He works on a literary magazine and he is a poet whose work is just beginning to be recognised. The three are old friends.  Jeremy and James keep up thei friendship with Edward because they recognise his talent, and this makes them feel more authentic.  Edward keeps up with them because he is lonely and his own life is rather dull.  However, he does distrust them a little.  And they keep his talent in place by teasing him. As Edward enters the other two applaud.
22) 3) dialog: How sweet.
22) 9) dialog: It's terribly good.
22) 12) dialog: Committed to memory.  Forever.
22) 15) dialog: We were just chortling over that.   BlasГ© and epicene.  It perfectly  describes the new Foreign Secretary.   So--I hope you don't mind, Edward,  I pinched it for my piece today.
22) 17) dialog: Of course.
22) 19) dialog: It needn't concern you, Edward.   James has got some news.  He needs  a poet's advice.
22) 20) text: Jeremy pats a seat.  Edward sits down.
22) 22) dialog: No jokes.  James is in love.
22) 24) dialog: A glamorous young lady way above  his station...
22) 26) dialog: Name so Susie Barrington.  Daughter  of the eminent historian, Anne  Barrington, step-daughter of the  scandalous Matthew Byrd the  acclaimed sack-artist...
22) 27) text: Lay over Jeremy's account on next scene and FADE DOWN  SLOWLY.
23) 0) text: A sumptuously cluttered place.  A chesterfield.  Deep  armchairs, silk cushions, many prints, coffee table, book Clearly an inherited place. Susan is pouring coffee.  James sits across from her, jac off, sunk in cushions. JEREMY'S VOICE OVER RECEDES.
25) 0) text: A cocktail bar, a self-conscious imitation of the America model.  James and Jeremy sit on high stools at the bar.   Tall colourful drinks are being set down in front of them On a TV there are scenes of the departing Royal Navy flee
25) 1) dialog: To the Fleet.
25) 3) dialog: And the Argies.
25) 5) text: Jeremy reaches into his inside pocket and pulls out an  envelope.
25) 6) dialog: Now, top secret file.
25) 8) text: Jeremy outs the envelope out of James's reach.
25) 9) dialog: Uh-huh.  Tell me what you think of  this first.
25) 11) dialog: You approve!
25) 13) dialog: Get way.  You'll see when I'm ready.   First I want you to reflect on my  noble behaviour, on how your  interests are closest to my heart,  how I lay awake at night worrying--
25) 15) dialog: You're so hard.  All right then.   I was chatting to some people from  the diary page, and the name of  Barrington came up.  I expressed  an interest...
25) 17) dialog: ...an innocent interest, and found  out that last year Vogue ran a  series called 'Mothers and  Daughters' Number seven, Anne and  Susan Barrington.  Being a decent  loving friend I went to the files  and made a copy for you.
25) 19) dialog: Ah, ah.  There's more.  The piece  celebrates the undying affection  between eminent left-wing historian  and he dazzling daughter.  Then  the news editor, who happened to  be in the room, said that years  ago, when he worked on The Guardian,  Anne Barrington had written a very  good piece on...guess...Suez.  It  was 1966, the tenth anniversary.
25) 20) text: Jeremy hands over the envelope which James now opens.
25) 21) dialog: She's never written a book in it,  but she clearly knew a lot.
25) 23) dialog: It's obvious what you have to do.   Your way into the daughter's pants  is through the mother, up the Suez  canal...
25) 25) dialog: She's very nice, apparently.  Lives  in Norfolk.  And very left-wing.   You'll have to watch yourself there.
25) 27) dialog: According to this, the daughter  goes up to stay quiet often.  You'll  need to get yourself invited for  the right weekend.
25) 29) dialog: No need to thank me, if you don't  want to.  Just pay for these drinks.
31) 0) text: A poetry reading, given by Edward Long, has just come to  and end.  There are about fifty present, and empty chairs behind.  Jeremy and James are in the audience. Edward is reading the last stanza of a poem.
31) 10) text: During this, Jeremy has caught James's eye and they have  started to giggle silently.  This continues through the  scene.  They hunch up and turn away from each other, shak quietly, half recover, become aware of each other, or of  the absurdity of the questions, or of Edward's attempts t deal with them, and they fold up once more.  From Edward' POV we SEE their heads duck down.
31) 12) text: While Edward answers, the woman nods vigorously. James and Jeremy recover in the brief pause between  questions.  They lift tear-stained faces, then crack up a the next question. A young man, anorak, flat auto-didact's 'does the team  think' voice.  A piece of paper in hand, he stands,  trembling.
31) 17) text: CLOSE ON James, drawing breath.  A sudden sharp yelp from Jeremy fighting for air.  All heads turn.  The two are  almost off their seats onto the floor.  We move CLOSE ON  them and hear their moans or 'No', 'No' and 'Stop', 'stop and 'Sorry!'  
35) 0) text: A day later.  A glass-fronted Squash Court.  James and  Jeremy are into a game.  Both are inept and very unfit.   We COME IN on a rally.  Jeremy misses an easy ball and  let's his racket drop.  James sits down with his back to  the wall.  Jeremy gets his cigarettes from the corner of  the court.  They inhale smoke as if it were fresh air.
35) 1) dialog: That's enough of that.
35) 3) dialog: Far too long.
35) 6) dialog: Well, everyone's desperate for a  new Falkland's angle.  Purdy's  come up with a real dog.  Worker's  rights in Argentina.  So I've been  running round getting people to do  things.  But no one's keen.  Workers  rights.  When did anyone on that  paper give a damn about workers  rights?  I said to Purdy, "Look,  tits, bingo, jingo, horoscope,  sport, celebs, gossip and the  occasional firm stand on--"
35) 8) dialog: On the torture of very small  children, but don't start telling  them about their rights--
35) 10) dialog: Tame those rights...you know, we're  even freighting in a couple of  exiled Argie trade unionists from  Paris for a TV tie in.  One of  them had his balls tap-danced on  by the secret police.  The other  one had to be hosed off the wall  of his cell after the police-- yes  my good man?
35) 12) dialog: I'm sorry.  This is a private  conversation.  You'll have to wait  outside. 
35) 14) dialog: Well we booked it for a smoke,  didn't we James?
35) 18) dialog: The court is ours for another half  hour.  Please run along.
35) 22) dialog: (racket still under  his chin) A serious drunk might be of use, I  suppose.
56) 0) text: Breathless, James bursts into the screening room.  Susan  is seated.  Jeremy stands near her, leaning against a des smoking.  By contrast, they are calm.
56) 1) dialog: Fortunate that I was here to keep  Susan entertained.
56) 3) dialog: Delivering gossip and goodwill.   It seems we'll both be doing  Brighton. (He starts to put  on his coat) Perhaps you should come too.
56) 6) dialog: We might be able to dig out a couple  of Suez survivors for you.
56) 8) dialog: (Kissing on the  cheek first Susan,  then James) I'm off.  Let's meet.  You promised  to tell me about Norfolk.
56) 10) text: A brief pause and a slight awkwardness after Jeremy leave
82) 0) text: James drives towards Susan's flat.  Jeremy sprawls in the back seat, slowly peeling the foil from a champagne bottl Both are well-dressed.  As they draw up outside Susan's  flat, Jeremy leans forward and murmurs in James's ear. 
82) 1) dialog: Still in love?
82) 3) text: He presses the horn and gets out.  Jeremy gets out too.   Susan comes down the steps.  She is also smartly dressed. She kisses James.  He takes her small suitcase and puts i in the boot.  She kisses Jeremy.
82) 4) dialog: Darling Susan.  You look like an  angel.  But where's your hat?
82) 6) dialog: They won't let you in without one.
82) 8) dialog: Brighton, James!
84) 0) text: In the car, a few minutes later.  Much hilarity.  Susan i holding a glass ready as Jeremy eases out the cork.
84) 2) dialog: Voila!
84) 4) dialog: To the ninety-ninth conference of  the National Union of Conservative  and Unionist Associations!
85) 0) text: James drives into a multi-storey car park.  Jeremy gets  out of the car and goes to look at the view which is of  modern office developments.
85) 1) dialog: Hah - the seaside!  Isn't it  heavenly!
85) 2) text: Susan joins Jeremy.
85) 4) text: Jeremy is taking out his Press Pass and pinning it to his lapel.
85) 6) dialog: You'd look naked without one.
85) 10) text: Jeremy and Susan chorus a sympathetic moan.
85) 11) dialog: We'll see what we can do.
85) 13) dialog: Promise.
86) 0) text: James, Jeremy and Susan walk along the promenade and cros the road towards the Grand Hotel.  The Conference Centre  is visible and so too are the POLICE and DEMONSTRATORS.   Jeremy has linked arms with Susan.  James lags behind a  little.  Jeremy tells a joke, barely audible above the  SOUND of TRAFFIC and the CHANTS of the PROTESTORS.  Susan giggles as she and Jeremy skip forward to dodge the traff
87) 1) dialog: There goes my deep throat.  Excuse  me.
87) 2) text: Jeremy darts away.  Susan is looking about her.
88) 0) text: DELEGATES and MPs, and MEDIA PEOPLE, are taking tea on th long balcony of the Grand Hotel.  Jeremy is interviewing  an MP.  James and Susan sit at the same table listening.
88) 1) dialog: Then, the theory goes, you'll be  back in favour.  In line for a  real job.  Is that right?
88) 4) dialog: I want to see him too.
88) 5) text: Jeremy leaves.  James comes and sits closer to Susan.
88) 10) text: Susan makes a half-hearted apologetic gesture and leaves. As she goes she passes Jeremy who holds a Press Pass for  James.  He kneels by James's chair and pins the card to  his lapel.
88) 11) dialog: General Sir James Penfield ...  services during the Norfolk  campaign.
90) 0) text: James, Susan and Jeremy come onto the Press balcony and  find their seats while FRANCIS PYM delivers a speech.
90) 4) dialog: (to Susan) Francis is in cracking form, don't  you think?
91) 0) text: James, Jeremy and Susan.  Journalists, delegates etc.
91) 2) dialog: It's because he desires you.  The  women get all the breaks at these  conferences.
91) 4) dialog: Then one of them was sick all over  your new dress.
91) 9) dialog: Six onion bajees!  Great girl. (then, confidential) Did you shake the mother off?
91) 11) dialog: Big mistake, I think.  You might  have learned a lot.
91) 13) text: Jeremy shrugs innocently and shows his empty hands.
94) 4) text: Jeremy and Susan come through the doors onto the Press  balcony.  James stops.  They have not seen him.  He watch as they stand together.  Clearly a new intimacy has been  established.
94) 6) text: Jeremy kisses the nape of Susan's neck.  They are not  interested in staying for the speech.  James watches ston as they leave.
95) 0) text: Hours later.  WORKMEN are dismantling the platforms, taki away props, taking down the Conference backdrop and sloga In LONG-SHOT we SEE Jeremy making his way between the row of chairs.  James pursues him enraged, shouting.  The ad  libbed obscenity can barely be heard.
96) 0) text: James and Jeremy. James's rage is spent.  It has collapsed into bitterness. The two men stop under a street lamp.
96) 1) dialog: Susan and I are very old friends,  James.
96) 3) dialog: And you were obviously getting  nowhere with her.  I was waiting  for the right moment to tell you  that.
96) 5) dialog: It might have worked.  Really.  I  would have been delighted for you  if it had.  But she wasn't  interested.  Not my fault.
96) 7) dialog: I've known Susan for more than  fifteen years.  James, we're old  allies.
96) 8) text: At this last word, James looks up.  Jeremy walks away.