1) 0) text: We are IN CLOSE as a story arrives on a press service  teleprinter.  A Hand tears away the sheet.  The CAMERA  TRACKS as we follow the story.  It passes through the  copytaster's hands and it passes on down to the summaries desk. This is a time of steady activity.  Journalists move abou the room to consult.  Others are writing in longhand, and several are dictating copy to typists, who are all women. One or two people - NEWSREADERS - sit about doing nothing Much movement of paper. Over the sound of typewriters and the murmur of dictating voices we HEAR a WOMAN'S VOICE over the P.A. Announce,  "The Leader of the Opposition on five".  A few journalist pick up their headsets, but they do not stop writing.  We establish the atmosphere - laconic but efficient, and a  little down-at-heel. At the summaries desk we find JAMES PENFIELD.  He stands  to the side of a little behind a seated secretary, dictat in a laconic deadpan voice from a sheet of scrawled  longhand.
1) 6) dialog: (calling over his  shoulder as he  passes) Went to IRN.
7) 11) text: Twenty minutes later.  JEREMY has just come in and is  surveying the room from the doorway.  He takes a drink  from a tray, notices James across the room and smiles  ruefully. Jeremy Hancock is a journalist, same age as James, good- looking and well-dressed.  A fairly corrupt look about  him, despite this.  He is intelligent and intensely self- regarding. James makes his way through the crowd towards Jeremy.   They stand on the doorway - a position which affords them a good view of the guests in the room and those guests wh are still arriving by way of a grand and ornate stairway.
9) 0) text: Same time, Moulded plastic chairs are ranged along the  walls of the room.  Some journalists stand, some are half asleep.  The feel of a morning assembly. Seated at the only desk, by the door, sits the EDITOR-IN- CHIEF, While waiting he pretends to look at papers. The tone of these meetings is restrained, weary. The Editor speaks with short pauses between each point.   Quietly, as though talking to himself.
9) 4) dialog: He's not telling.
9) 6) dialog: Newcastle is following Charles to  see if anyone throws a bottle at  his car like last time.
9) 8) dialog: We've got two people down the zoo  looking into the cage.
9) 12) dialog: Bob is ringing round the ministries  finding out where everyone is going  to be.  That'll come to fruition  later this morning.  John'll be at  Caxton Hall.  We'll try and lay on  a radio car.
13) 0) text: A lull in the action.  Most of the journalists are eating out.  A few eat sandwiches, smoke, chat, read.  A backgro television shows crowd scenes from Argentina. James sits with a plastic cup of coffee reading intently. He stands at the window looking out over the roofs.  Then he turns abruptly, picks up a telephone and dials.
32) 9) text: Philip moves on to show someone else nearby.  We hear him explain his triumph again. James makes a gesture and expression of contempt for the  benefit of the secretaries. A group of journalists passes through.  James catches one of them by the arm.
91) 0) text: James, Jeremy and Susan.  Journalists, delegates etc.
92) 0) text: James wanders through the Centre in search of Susan.  He  enters the debating chamber.  MICHAEL HESELTINE is  addressing the Conference.  James wanders out to the spac below the platform where journalists and photographers ar gathered.  He goes up the aisles between the seated  delegates.  No sign of Susan.  He leaves the chamber.