28) 0) text: The LECTURER glances back and acknowledges his presence. James stands at the back of the hall for the end of the  lecture.
28) 1) dialog: A vacuum had been created.  If the  United States did not fill it, it  was assumed the Russians would. (A beat) Next week I shall be considering  the extent to which the behaviour  of nation states or governments  may be judged by the moral criteria  we normally apply to individuals.   Thank you.
28) 2) text: The students stand and begin to move out.  James and the  Lecturer move towards each other and shake hands.
29) 0) text: James and the Lecturer sit separated by a low table.  A  tape-recorder is on the Lecturer's side of the table.
29) 1) dialog: Well, what you need to understand--
29) 3) dialog: Oh.  Is this all right?  Um...you  see, through the early autumn of  1956 the Egyptians were running  the canal, their canal, that is,  quite efficiently.  Traffic was  passing through unimpeded, for  Nasser didn't want to provide the  West with any reason for invading  his country.  Is that loud enough,  by the way?
29) 5) dialog: Right.  So by the time the British  and French launched their invasion  at the beginning of November the  main economic reasons for doing so  had largely evaporated.  What  remained, especially for the  British, were the more marginal  and emotional arguments.
30) 0) text: The Lecturer's voice continues on the tape.  James pours drink and he listens and walks towards his desk.
30) 1) dialog: (from tape) Using the language of private  behaviour you could say that this  was an affair of the heart - the  idea was to teach Nasser a lesson,  to appear capable of acting  independently, and to maintain  face in the world, particularly  the Arab world.
38) 1) dialog: (from tape) You see, if we talk of a nation,  like an individual, we can also  speak of it acting deceitfully.   Britain and France had entered  into a secret agreement with the  Arabs' deadly enemy, the Israelis.   The agreement was signed or  initialled by the Foreign Secretary,  Selwyn Lloyd on about October 23,  at Sevres.  The Israelis were to  attack Egypt on an agreed date.   British planes based in Cyprus  were to precision bomb Egyptian  airfields to protect Israeli cities  from retaliation.  After putting  out an ultimatum to both side to  withdraw to ten miles from the  Canal, which of course the Egyptians  would have to ignore since the  Canal is 100 miles inside their  territory, the British and the  French would invade on the pretext  of 'separating the combatants'.   That became something of a catch  phrase - 'Separating the  combatants'.
50) 1) dialog: (from tape) There was a real desire on the  British part to appear virtuous  while behaving aggressively, and  the pursuit of virtue led to many  lies being told, most notable the  Prime Minister's in the House of  Commons on December 20 when he  said that there was 'no  foreknowledge that Israel would  attack Egypt'.  Perhaps we should  reverse the question and ask  ourselves to what extent individuals  behave like governments, who are  bound to act in the national  interest which in turn is rarely  separable from the government's  interest, or that of the class it  represents...