43) 0) text: Five minutes later.  The Barrington house.  The library. James waits alone.  The house stands in its own grounds - an old rectory, spacious, but not over-grand.  Much charm 19th and 20th Century oil paintings, a serious reader's  library.  Pleasant disorder, but no squalor.  There is on housekeeper. Somewhere in the house a PHONE RINGS.  There are footstep James crosses to a window which faces out over the garden which is large and well-kept.At some distance away a  gardener is raking leaves.  Another man comes and talks t him and then disappears from sight.  This is MATHEW, Anne Barrington's husband. The door opens slowly.  TOM, the ten year old son of  Matthew, stares at James. After a pause.
48) 3) text: Matthew's car comes sweeping up the drive.  Tom is in the front seat.  Matthew stops his car so that his front door is by James. MATTHEW is fifty.  A director of commercials for cinema  and television.  Breezy, chunky-faced, keen to be taken  seriously.  Essentially good-humoured.
48) 6) text: Matthew and James shake hands over the car doors.
63) 0) text: James walks along the dyke, across the marshes.  Below  him, on the sand, in the distance, are two figures.  Jame stops to watch them.  Matthew and Susan are deep in  conversation В— evidently a serious matter.  They seem to be making an agreement.  Matthew puts his head on Susan's shoulder, and they walk on, unaware of James.
64) 0) text: A burst of laughter.  It is dinner.  Seated are Ann,  Matthew, Tom, Susan, James and JACEK, a professor from  Central Europe, mid-sixties, an old friend of Ann's.  Bet the housemaid, serves.
64) 8) dialog: I can tell you that the history of  the monarchy is alive and well in  the national memory.  I shot a  commercial - a series of vignettes  of kings and queens В— Henry VIII,  Mary В—
64) 10) dialog: Elizabeth I, and so on - and we  had a fantastic response.
64) 12) dialog: Oh, some new lager.
67) 3) dialog: Not so.  We meet half way.  Ann  has grown very fond of her material  comforts.  She even owns land with  keep out signs posted on the  boundaries.  And I...
67) 6) dialog: I earn so much money at what I do  that I can't even begin to defend  it.  I used to shoot a whole line  about the value and necessity of  advertising...
67) 8) dialog: ...but now I'm an agnostic.  So is  Ann, if she'd only admit it.
67) 13) dialog: Rubbish!
69) 0) text: On the back lawn Tom, Susan and Matthew are playing  football.  To one side, Jacek leans on his stick and  watches. 
73) 0) text: Susan and Tom, who wears pyjamas and dressing-gown, are  playing Chess.  James watches Susan.  Tom is noisily,  bossily instructing her in the rules.  Matthew is  approaching James, about to speak.
73) 1) dialog: I just might give you a ring when  we get back to London.  There's  one or two things I'd like to...  Will you let me have your number  before you leave?  Have you ever  watched a commercial being made?
73) 3) dialog: Well, it's worth seeing.
73) 6) text: There is a moment of awkwardness.  James squeezes past  Matthew and goes towards Ann. 
75) 0) text: Half an hour later.  Ann, Matthew, Susan and James.  A  certain strain.  The sound of knives and forks only.  In  the hall the PHONE RINGS.  They hear Betty pick it up.   Still holding the receiver she pushes open the dining-roo door. 
75) 2) text: The others go on eating, acutely aware of Matthew's  conversation.
75) 3) dialog: (from the hall) Hello... Oh, hi... well, you know...
75) 4) text: He pushes the door shut with his foot.  James looks at  Susan.  Susan glances at her mother.  Ann knows it is one of Matthew's girlfriends.  She goes on eating, a brave bu failing attempt to appear untouched.
80) 1) dialog: And ... cut.  Steve?
80) 3) dialog: Right... we'll go again, please.
80) 4) text: Matthew to ad lib instructions to actors and crew.  He  notices James.
80) 5) dialog: James, good, you made it.  We're  just going to do one more take,  then we'll break for lunch.
80) 6) text: The commercial is set up and shot again, with Matthew  continuing to give ad libbed directions.  As soon as the  take is over, Matthew snatches his jacket, gives a quick  kiss to a young woman who could well be his current lover and steers James out of the studio.
80) 7) dialog: Right, James.  Come on.  Let's go  before the clients get hold of me.
81) 0) text: Lunch time.  Matthew stands at the bar where he is buying drinks and lunch.  Then the two men sit at a small table  face to face.
81) 1) dialog: I'll tell you another thing.  We  might have led the world once into  the Industrial Revolution, now we  lead with television commercials.   We're the best, it's as simple as  that.  Even the Americans will  admit it now ... the camera work,  the acting, the scripts, special  effects.  We've got the lot.  Nearly  all the good directors here have  ambitions to make serious films. (a sudden laugh) That food you're eating.
81) 3) dialog: What would you call it?
81) 5) dialog: Ploughman's Lunch.  Traditional  English fare.
81) 7) dialog: In fact it's the invention of an  advertising campaign they ran in  the early sixties to encourage  people to eat in pubs.  A completely  successful fabrication of the past,  the Ploughman's Lunch was.
81) 8) text: We look at James's plate, the unappetising food.  Matthew takes a long drink.
81) 9) dialog: Listen, James.  There's something  else I want to talk to you about.
81) 10) text: Matthew pauses.
81) 11) dialog: I'm pretty broadminded, and I'd  rather be frank than have everybody  misunderstanding one another.  If  you see what I mean.
81) 13) dialog: Susan told me that your visits to  Norfolk had ... well, an ulterior  motive.
81) 15) dialog: You weren't really interested in  Suez at all.  Incredibly enough,  you were interested in my wife.
81) 17) dialog: No, no, let me go on before you  get the wrong idea.  Ann and I  have kept to our separate bedrooms  for the last three years.  And I  can't imagine that Susan hasn't  hinted at the kind of life I lead  in London.  I'm not telling you  how to run your affairs.  I'm just  saying ... I don't mind.  I'm giving  you permission.   