1) 0) text: We are IN CLOSE as a story arrives on a press service  teleprinter.  A Hand tears away the sheet.  The CAMERA  TRACKS as we follow the story.  It passes through the  copytaster's hands and it passes on down to the summaries desk. This is a time of steady activity.  Journalists move abou the room to consult.  Others are writing in longhand, and several are dictating copy to typists, who are all women. One or two people - NEWSREADERS - sit about doing nothing Much movement of paper. Over the sound of typewriters and the murmur of dictating voices we HEAR a WOMAN'S VOICE over the P.A. Announce,  "The Leader of the Opposition on five".  A few journalist pick up their headsets, but they do not stop writing.  We establish the atmosphere - laconic but efficient, and a  little down-at-heel. At the summaries desk we find JAMES PENFIELD.  He stands  to the side of a little behind a seated secretary, dictat in a laconic deadpan voice from a sheet of scrawled  longhand.
2) 0) text: James and a newsreader (one of those we saw earlier doing nothing) stand together by the photocopier.  Walking with controlled haste and carrying the news sheets, they head  towards the studio.  A clock behind them shows two minute to twelve.
3) 0) text: James and the newsreader sit at a table in the studio,  fairly close together.  The newsreader settles himself  behind the microphone.  James sits back, professionally  bored, rolling a stub of a pencil between his fingers. Through a large loudspeaker we hear a Radio 4 programme  winding up.  Theme music. The newsreader has a plummy authoritative voice and is a  year or two younger than James.  He stares down at the  news sheet. From the Control Room a woman announces "One Minute".
3) 2) dialog: (stung then  recovering) Oh, she's well.  Jolly well.   Thanks.  Very well indeed.
3) 3) text: From the Studio Controller's POV we SEE the Newsroom behi James and the newsreader, who chat soundlessly.
3) 5) dialog: BBC News at twelve o'clock.  There  is cautious optimism in Brussels  that formula may be reached to  break--
57) 0) text: A day or two later.  People are drifting out to go down  the corridor to the morning news conference.  James is on of the last to leave.  On his way out he meets Charles,  the newsreader from Scene two.