7) 24) dialog: So it's all worked out perfectly...
7) 26) text: The two men go to the head of the stairs to watch SUSAN  come up.
7) 27) dialog: She get's the house, he get's the  cars.  And the baby is still in  Switzerland with the Au pair.
7) 28) text: SUSAN BARRINGTON is in her late twenties.  Flamboyant,  effortlessly confident, she inhibits that special world - with its different rules - of the truly ambitious.  James fascination owes as much to the certainties of her class  as to her looks. An attractive young man accompanies her up the stairs. Jeremy makes a sound.  Susan Glances up.
7) 29) dialog: Jeremy!
7) 30) text: She waves and her elbow catches a tray of champagne being carried downstairs.  Glasses fall about her feet.  While  apologising, Susan does not take her eyes off Jeremy.
7) 31) dialog: How Stupid!  I am sorry.
7) 32) text: The butler and the young man drop to the ground and set  about picking up the glasses.  Susan regards them for a  moment, then steps round them and hurries up the stairs. Jeremy and Susan go into a clinch, with kisses.  James  stands a few feet off.
7) 33) dialog: Jeremy!  How Fantastic.
7) 35) dialog: You're so famous now.
7) 37) dialog: We're thinking of doing this current  affairs thing for schools.  World  history since 1945.  Twelve  programmes, lots of stock film.
7) 39) text: James and Susan say "Hi" and shake hands.
7) 40) dialog: Was that your chapter, then?  It  was very good.
7) 42) dialog: (not remembering) Yes, that's right.  I'm being  terribly rude.  Bob?  Oh, Bob.   This is Bob Tuckett.  Bon was at  Oxford too.
7) 43) text: Bob, Jeremy, James all say "Hi".  Momentarily enthusiasm  flags, no one speaks.  Then the drinks tray is suddenly i their midst and they all reach out thankfully, with mock  groans of relief and surprise. An hour later, Guests are leaving.  James has got Susan  alone.  They descend the stairs.  CLOSE ON Susan, a  disparate kind of seriousness.
7) 44) dialog: I mean, in many ways I'm right  behind the women's movement.  But  sometimes I wish they'd get on  with it instead of moaning on.   The office was split right down  the middle.  I mean, as a woman I  understood what they were saying,  that current affairs was all about  what men did, but as a human being  and a television researcher, as a  professional , I could just sense  they'd got it all wrong.  I could  see there were two paths I could  go down, power or not-power.  Down  the not-power path was lot of  sisterly feeling, masochism and  frustration.  Down the other path,  I could keep on working.  So of  course I voted with the men and  the other women all resigned.  I  think they're mad, don't you?
7) 47) dialog: No, it's all right.  I can get a  cab.  Night night.
19) 0) text: James and Susan arrive at the Barbican together.  Their  conversation is a little detached from its subject matter They are feeling each other out.  They are not disagreein here.  As they talk they make a complicated route through the Arts Centre, always on the verge of getting lost.
19) 2) dialog: I quite liked it.  I wasn't as  enthusiastic as everyone else.
19) 4) dialog: I think it went on rather too long.
19) 6) dialog: And I didn't like that man.
19) 8) dialog: And the shape of it all.  It was  sort of...shapeless. 
20) 2) dialog: Good theory.  But I like my mother.   I have no aversions to what she  does.
20) 4) dialog: My real father?  Well, he was a  flashback.
21) 0) text: A little later.  A Private View.  A discreetly murmuring, wine, canapГ©s. The paintings - painfully pretentious - represent various forms of aesthetic self-consciousness. James and Susan look at the pictures, but make no referen to them.  They spend a little time in front of each one  before moving to the next.  James speech is broken by  moments of contemplation.  As they move on again, he pick up his thread.
21) 2) dialog: And you're at this third stage
21) 4) dialog: I think you're exaggerating.  And  if you aren't, you should jolly  well change your job.
21) 6) dialog: Yes.  You're much too old to making  a drama out of alienation, or  whatever you call it.  You've got  to take responsibility for your  own happiness.  That's what I think  anyway.
21) 7) text: Susan has moved on a couple of steps and is bending forwa to look at a picture.  James smiles at her wonderingly, a little deflated, but impressed.
23) 0) text: A sumptuously cluttered place.  A chesterfield.  Deep  armchairs, silk cushions, many prints, coffee table, book Clearly an inherited place. Susan is pouring coffee.  James sits across from her, jac off, sunk in cushions. JEREMY'S VOICE OVER RECEDES.
23) 1) dialog: Mummy and I, we were more like  lovers, really, or sisters.  Then  a couple of years after Daddy died,  and not long after I left Oxford,  she started seeing various men and  I was furious.  I really was upset.   I stopped going home.  I never  phoned.  I went round telling  everyone how awful her books were.   And she hardly seemed to notice,  and that made me angrier.  Then I  got a job I was interested in, and  I started to see lots of men, and  I suppose I grew up a little and  began to understand.  So I wrote  her a long letter, almost seven  pages, saying how sorry I was, and  how I was worried that we were  drifting apart.  And do you know,  she wrote me a poem, a really  beautiful poem about mothers and  daughters.
23) 3) dialog: It makes me weepy just to remember  it.  So we were fine again, and  then she got married to Matthew  who's a womaniser and a bit of a  yob, but quite nice really, makes  TV commercials.  What about yours.
23) 5) dialog: That must be rather nice, in a  way.  I mean, you don't have any--
23) 7) dialog: Damn.  They're early.
23) 9) dialog: I called you a taxi.
23) 11) dialog: (a gesture of  helplessness) Well, you know...
24) 0) text: A minute later, James and Susan stand at the front door. Portico and steps down to the street.  Taxi waits.  They  kiss, Susan draws back.
24) 2) dialog: Yes, if you like.  Call me at work.
24) 3) text: James descends the stairs.  Susan closes the door.
33) 0) text: A small bare office.  A few minutes later, James is speak on the phone to Susan.
34) 0) text: Susan sits cross-legged in the centre of James's bed.   James lies along one edge, head propped on elbows.  They' been drinking coffee.  We have the sense of a long evenin of talk, but not much else so far.  A pause before Susan  speaks.
34) 2) dialog: I have to be up early. (She stands)
34) 4) dialog: (straightening  herself at the  mirror. James  standing close) Two or three years ago I would  have stayed.  And fucked you.
34) 6) text: He stands behind her and kisses her neck.  She turns and  they kiss.  Susan pulls away.  She taps James's nose with her forefinger.
34) 7) dialog: Now I'm more wary.  I must be  getting old.
34) 10) dialog: I don't trust anyone.  That's what  comes of working in television.
34) 12) dialog: I bet.  Thanks for the drink.
34) 15) dialog: (smiling) You just might.
55) 0) text: London.  A day later.  The television company where Susan works.  James is late.  The lift is out of order.  He run up several flights of stairs with diminishing energy. 
56) 0) text: Breathless, James bursts into the screening room.  Susan  is seated.  Jeremy stands near her, leaning against a des smoking.  By contrast, they are calm.
56) 5) dialog: It was last year.
56) 11) dialog: (into microphone) I think we're ready now, thank  you.  And how was Norfolk?  Did  you get on with my mother?
56) 13) dialog: Did she talk about me?
56) 15) text: The lights go down. We SEE a series of FILM CLIPS about Suez: crowd scenes in Cairo; footage of the Fleet on its way from Malta; the  actual invasion; parachutes; Eden at Downing Street; Lloy at the airport; the protest meeting at Trafalgar Square;  fighting in Suez streets. James sneaks occasional looks at Susan throughout.  We SE her in profile, lit by the screen.
56) 16) dialog: (As the first  pictures come up) It's not in chronological order.   There's an hour of stuff, of which  the director has to choose four  minutes.  What'll happen is that  I'll choose it for him ... Does he  look like a man on speed?
56) 17) text: Our two minute sequence is presented to represent an hour of film.  When at last it is over and the lights come up, there is a moment of stupefaction.  Susan yawns and prepa to leave.
56) 18) dialog: Do you think she's invited you up  for her sake or for mine?
56) 20) dialog: (smiling, mischievous) Well, you should.
56) 21) text: James kisses Susan.  She complies rather than responds. Susan disengages herself gently and gathers her things.   She stands.
56) 22) dialog: Well, must get on.
62) 0) text: A few days later.  James has just arrived and switched hi engine off.  But for the wind and birdsong, silence.  The is no reply when he tries the front door.  A note pinned  to the door reads: 'Gone for a walk.  Follow footpath.   Susan.' 
63) 0) text: James walks along the dyke, across the marshes.  Below  him, on the sand, in the distance, are two figures.  Jame stops to watch them.  Matthew and Susan are deep in  conversation В— evidently a serious matter.  They seem to be making an agreement.  Matthew puts his head on Susan's shoulder, and they walk on, unaware of James.
64) 0) text: A burst of laughter.  It is dinner.  Seated are Ann,  Matthew, Tom, Susan, James and JACEK, a professor from  Central Europe, mid-sixties, an old friend of Ann's.  Bet the housemaid, serves.
64) 11) dialog: What were you advertising?  
64) 14) text: During this last speech of Jacek's we SEE James trying to catch Susan's eye.  She glances up and looks away. 
66) 0) text: Susan has been seeing Tom into bed.  James watches from  the doorway.  She kisses her brother and turns out the  light. 
66) 2) dialog: I won't.  Goodnight.
66) 4) text: James and Susan linger in the semi-darkness outside Tom's room.  From downstairs comes the sound of boisterous  conversation.
66) 6) dialog: No.  It's a bit of a madhouse.   For some reason a lot of my mother's  friends specialise in monologues.
66) 10) dialog: Tom . .. bed!  Go on.
66) 11) text: Tom retreats into his bedroom.  James and Susan move to  the head of the stairs.
66) 13) dialog: I might.
66) 16) dialog: Hello, Mummy.
66) 19) dialog: Yes, we do.
66) 21) text: Ann lingers a moment.  She wants James downstairs.  As  soon as she has gone, he kisses Susan.
66) 23) dialog: (Strokes his face) Yes.  Might.  Remember, you're  here to talk to my mother.
67) 10) text: Expectant pause.  Susan smirks.  James is out of his dept
67) 15) text: Susan yawns conspicuously.  Everybody turns.
67) 16) dialog: (unrepentant) Sorry.  Tired.
69) 0) text: On the back lawn Tom, Susan and Matthew are playing  football.  To one side, Jacek leans on his stick and  watches. 
70) 0) text: The library.  Ann and James sit facing each other by the  fireplace.  The game of football can be heard.  From wher James sits he can see past and into the gardens, the  occasional glimpse of Susan, the enticing sunlight. 
71) 0) text: A couple of hours later.  Susan sits on a bench re-tying  the lace of her walking boot.  James stands, waiting.
71) 1) dialog: Jeremy phoned this morning
71) 3) dialog: He's making plans for Brighton.   He thought we could travel down  together.
71) 5) dialog: In your car
71) 10) dialog: Don't you want to walk, Tom?  
71) 12) dialog: Actually, I've been once today  already.  I'll stay here with him.
71) 14) dialog: Well, he's very keen to go.
71) 18) dialog: See you when you get back.
71) 19) text: James has been quickly outmanoeuvred by Susan.  He stands awkwardly for a moment, collecting himself.
73) 0) text: Susan and Tom, who wears pyjamas and dressing-gown, are  playing Chess.  James watches Susan.  Tom is noisily,  bossily instructing her in the rules.  Matthew is  approaching James, about to speak.
75) 0) text: Half an hour later.  Ann, Matthew, Susan and James.  A  certain strain.  The sound of knives and forks only.  In  the hall the PHONE RINGS.  They hear Betty pick it up.   Still holding the receiver she pushes open the dining-roo door. 
75) 4) text: He pushes the door shut with his foot.  James looks at  Susan.  Susan glances at her mother.  Ann knows it is one of Matthew's girlfriends.  She goes on eating, a brave bu failing attempt to appear untouched.
82) 0) text: James drives towards Susan's flat.  Jeremy sprawls in the back seat, slowly peeling the foil from a champagne bottl Both are well-dressed.  As they draw up outside Susan's  flat, Jeremy leans forward and murmurs in James's ear. 
82) 3) text: He presses the horn and gets out.  Jeremy gets out too.   Susan comes down the steps.  She is also smartly dressed. She kisses James.  He takes her small suitcase and puts i in the boot.  She kisses Jeremy.
82) 5) dialog: Oh no!
82) 7) text: James hands Susan into the front seat. 
84) 0) text: In the car, a few minutes later.  Much hilarity.  Susan i holding a glass ready as Jeremy eases out the cork.
84) 1) dialog: Don't point it at James!  
84) 3) text: The cork flies.  The champagne is poured.  Susan hands a  glass to James.
85) 2) text: Susan joins Jeremy.
85) 3) dialog: Gorgeous.
85) 5) dialog: What have you got there?
85) 7) dialog: Oh, yes!  Where's mine?  I want to  look like you.
85) 9) dialog: What about James?
85) 10) text: Jeremy and Susan chorus a sympathetic moan.
85) 12) dialog: Promise?  
86) 0) text: James, Jeremy and Susan walk along the promenade and cros the road towards the Grand Hotel.  The Conference Centre  is visible and so too are the POLICE and DEMONSTRATORS.   Jeremy has linked arms with Susan.  James lags behind a  little.  Jeremy tells a joke, barely audible above the  SOUND of TRAFFIC and the CHANTS of the PROTESTORS.  Susan giggles as she and Jeremy skip forward to dodge the traff
87) 2) text: Jeremy darts away.  Susan is looking about her.
87) 4) dialog: Oh ... excuse me.  There's Nicholas.
88) 0) text: DELEGATES and MPs, and MEDIA PEOPLE, are taking tea on th long balcony of the Grand Hotel.  Jeremy is interviewing  an MP.  James and Susan sit at the same table listening.
88) 5) text: Jeremy leaves.  James comes and sits closer to Susan.
88) 7) dialog: I know.  I'm sorry.
88) 10) text: Susan makes a half-hearted apologetic gesture and leaves. As she goes she passes Jeremy who holds a Press Pass for  James.  He kneels by James's chair and pins the card to  his lapel.
90) 0) text: James, Susan and Jeremy come onto the Press balcony and  find their seats while FRANCIS PYM delivers a speech.
91) 0) text: James, Jeremy and Susan.  Journalists, delegates etc.
91) 1) dialog: (triumphant, excited) It was incredible.  He came back,  made a pompous little bow and said,  'My dear girl you may film me all  afternoon if you wish.' And he's  promised not to talk to the Press.
91) 3) dialog: It's true!  I was here last year  doing a piece, remember?  I was in  the bar with all these Northern  trade unionists and their sponsored  MPs.  They were all incredibly fat  and beery, huge trousers and braces.   And so sweet.  They all stood round  me like children saying 'You!   Working for television?  You're  just a young thing.'  They wouldn't  let me buy drinks even when I told  them the programme was paying.   They kept looking at my pass which  was pinned here and saying (Mock Yorkshire.) 'Oo, can I?'  
91) 5) dialog: No, he wasn't.  He just lowered  himself into a bar stool and said... (Yorkshire) 'Oo I do feel bad.  I 'ad three  pints of lager and six onion  bajees!'  
91) 7) dialog: I've got to go.  See you at dinner.
92) 0) text: James wanders through the Centre in search of Susan.  He  enters the debating chamber.  MICHAEL HESELTINE is  addressing the Conference.  James wanders out to the spac below the platform where journalists and photographers ar gathered.  He goes up the aisles between the seated  delegates.  No sign of Susan.  He leaves the chamber.
94) 2) text: James suddenly notices Susan down on the lower floor.  Sh passes through the doors and is gone.  James gets to his  feet.
94) 4) text: Jeremy and Susan come through the doors onto the Press  balcony.  James stops.  They have not seen him.  He watch as they stand together.  Clearly a new intimacy has been  established.
94) 6) text: Jeremy kisses the nape of Susan's neck.  They are not  interested in staying for the speech.  James watches ston as they leave.