1) 0) text: We are IN CLOSE as a story arrives on a press service  teleprinter.  A Hand tears away the sheet.  The CAMERA  TRACKS as we follow the story.  It passes through the  copytaster's hands and it passes on down to the summaries desk. This is a time of steady activity.  Journalists move abou the room to consult.  Others are writing in longhand, and several are dictating copy to typists, who are all women. One or two people - NEWSREADERS - sit about doing nothing Much movement of paper. Over the sound of typewriters and the murmur of dictating voices we HEAR a WOMAN'S VOICE over the P.A. Announce,  "The Leader of the Opposition on five".  A few journalist pick up their headsets, but they do not stop writing.  We establish the atmosphere - laconic but efficient, and a  little down-at-heel. At the summaries desk we find JAMES PENFIELD.  He stands  to the side of a little behind a seated secretary, dictat in a laconic deadpan voice from a sheet of scrawled  longhand.
3) 0) text: James and the newsreader sit at a table in the studio,  fairly close together.  The newsreader settles himself  behind the microphone.  James sits back, professionally  bored, rolling a stub of a pencil between his fingers. Through a large loudspeaker we hear a Radio 4 programme  winding up.  Theme music. The newsreader has a plummy authoritative voice and is a  year or two younger than James.  He stares down at the  news sheet. From the Control Room a woman announces "One Minute".
31) 6) text: The questioner is a middle-class middle-aged woman, rathe twittery.
31) 7) dialog: Me?
31) 9) dialog: Oh, yes, well I thought I'd start  the thing off by asking, you know,  and you'll probably think it's a  stupid question that you get all  the time, but could you tell us a  little of how you actually get  ideas, I mean, your poems are quiet  extraordinary and beautiful and I  wondered how they, well, you know,  came about.
31) 12) text: While Edward answers, the woman nods vigorously. James and Jeremy recover in the brief pause between  questions.  They lift tear-stained faces, then crack up a the next question. A young man, anorak, flat auto-didact's 'does the team  think' voice.  A piece of paper in hand, he stands,  trembling.
80) 6) text: The commercial is set up and shot again, with Matthew  continuing to give ad libbed directions.  As soon as the  take is over, Matthew snatches his jacket, gives a quick  kiss to a young woman who could well be his current lover and steers James out of the studio.