1) 0) text: A fancy party is in progress. The butler, a large man nam some punch from a bowl into a glass as THE COUNTESS, a sn long cigarette holder and a monocle, looks on.
1) 1) dialog: Isn't it rather odd that your mistress hasn't  put in an appearance at her own party?
1) 3) text: Uh, yes, Madame. I'm sorry, Madame. The Countess walks off with disdain. The butler shoots a room. We follow his gaze with a FAST PAN TO the man of th a rather mousy gentlemen who sits worriedly in a chair. H stands over him, smoking a cigar.
12) 0) text: Sherry runs in, followed closely by the Stooges. Moe plow upsetting the tray of pretzels he carries and knocking hi Sherry laughs gaily throughout.  After a moment, there is woman's SHRIEK. Sherry and the Stooges turn to look at th Williams now lies in the Countess' lap beside a mustached Everyone is covered with pretzels. John has the pretzel b WILLIAMS (totally mortified)
12) 1) text: Oh, Countess. I'm so sorry. The Countess has a pretzel wedged around her eye like a m her own monocle up to the other eye, trying to keep her d THE COUNTESS
12) 44) text: Oh, goody. Curly joins Sherry and the Countess on the sofa, sitting and Larry stand nearby. MOE (to Sherry)
12) 48) text: This is the way a normal reflex should act. To demonstrate, Curly crosses his own legs and taps himse Nothing.  He does a double take and scowls at Sherry.  No the Countess sitting beside him and taps her knee, still THE COUNTESS (offended, to Curly)
12) 49) text: I beg your pardon. Delighted with Curly's boldness, Sherry gasps and puts a CURLY (to the Countess)
12) 50) text: Oh, you don't have to apologize. You can't help  it you're crazy. The Countess is so shocked by this remark that the monocl eye. MOE (to Curly)
12) 51) text: C'mere, guinea pig.  Curly rises, sits on the arm of the sofa, and crosses his beside him and prepares to show him how it's done. (Meanw other guests, including the Countess, start tapping thems knee.) MOE (professorially)
13) 1) text: Moe                Curly Larry                The Countess Lady                Male Guest ?                Matronly Woman ?                John Rumsford
13) 6) text: Isn't he funny?  Ha ha ha! Curly notices the Countess looking around for something. CURLY
13) 7) text: What's all the fuss? THE COUNTESS
13) 9) text: Well, just keep seated. Nobody'll notice it. The Countess gives him a look.  Curly shoots her a look r CURLY
13) 10) text: Okay, have half of mine. Curly tears his napkin in half and hands it to the Counte THE COUNTESS (snootily)
13) 11) text: Thenk you. Curly grins, waves and offers a quiet "Nyuk, nyuk."  Then Countess powdering her face with a powder puff.  He squea his pocket, and pulls out an electric razor.  He plugs in (apparently, the socket is built right into the dining ro starts to BUZZ loudly.  Curly starts shaving himself, muc annoyance.  He yelps when he snags a piece of skin just a he reaches over and starts shaving the Countess' face.  S in horror at this. THE COUNTESS
13) 13) text: Biscuit, Madame? THE COUNTESS
13) 20) text: Hey. Where's your Emily Post? Moe's reference to the famous etiquette maven causes Larr pinkies in the air before biting down joyfully on the san impolite CRUNCH.  Moe nods in approval and continues to s Meanwhile, the Countess continues powdering her face. Cur biscuit in two and places one half on the table and start other half. CURLY
13) 21) text: This is my favorite dish. Biscuits! Biscuits  all the time. The Countess sets the powder puff down on top of Curly's finishes buttering, picks up the powder puff by mistake, "biscuit" in his mouth.   He tries to bite off a piece but can't.  He makes a face, Countess who now puts on lipstick, gives him a disdainful bites a piece of powder puff, glancing happily at the Cou chew it, going cross-eyed at the effort; swallows some do bite; squeals, earning another look from the Countess; Cu moment ... then abruptly stuffs the biscuit in his mouth another piece.   The Countess sighs and rolls her eyes. Suddenly, Curly st grabs his throat, eyes bulging.  Desperately, he WHACKS t causing face powder to SPEW out of his mouth.  He grabs a off the table and drinks some down.  He turns to look at grimaces.  The Countess is white with powder and totally cracks up at the sight of her. SHERRY (to Curly)
13) 37) text: Moe!  Don't! Curly ducks his head into the Countess' lap as Moe throws hits the Countess in the forehead.  Curly pops up. CURLY
13) 38) text: I ducked -- Curly sees the creamed Countess and reacts with horror. desperately tries to maintain an air of dignity. The youn beside her begins to roar with laughter at the sight of h him in his open mouth with a cream puff.  Now, it's Sherr hysterically.  The Male Guest grabs a cream puff and eyes rises, much to her dismay, preparing to hit her with it. THE COUNTESS (also rising)
13) 42) text: Woo-woo-woo-woo-woo... Cut it out, Moe! A cream puff hits the Countess. She sputters. Curly pokes behind her. CURLY
13) 43) text: Nyuk, nyuk, nyuk, nyuk. He ducks back. Another cream puff hits the Countess.  CURLY (to Moe)
13) 44) text: You missed me. The Countess says something defiant but incomprehensible. MOE