1) 18) dialog: Oh, darling!  Hello!  Be right over!  Williams enters and stares in shock at the car. SHERRY (o.s.)
1) 20) text: Ready, Madame. Sherry takes off her fur coat while Rumsford and York exc She throws her fur coat across the room at Williams and i drapes itself goofily around his shoulders. She takes off it onto Williams' head. He looks rather ridiculous in a l but bears the humiliation with dignity. Meanwhile, Rumsfo RUMSFORD
11) 0) text: Sherry comes running out of the building, followed by Rum A chauffeur waits beside a fancy car (license number 5R 1 RUMSFORD
11) 1) text: Wait! Sherry, you can't run out on your guests  like this again. SHERRY
11) 7) text: I'm Zoller. As Sherry looks on with interest, Moe puts a shoe horn ne MOE
11) 16) text: You're wrong, gentlemen. It's strictly a case  of latkes and [pippiks?] Sherry roars with laughter at the Stooges. SHERRY (practically squealing)
11) 20) text: Now, see here, Sherry... SHERRY
11) 21) text: Oh, darling, you take the submarine ride. I  wouldn't leave these men on a bet. Come,  gentlemen! The last one in is a Republican! Sherry suddenly bolts for the front door.  The Stooges ta pursuit, with Curly circling Rumsford like an airplane be after her.  A stunned Rumsford quickly follows.
12) 0) text: Sherry runs in, followed closely by the Stooges. Moe plow upsetting the tray of pretzels he carries and knocking hi Sherry laughs gaily throughout.  After a moment, there is woman's SHRIEK. Sherry and the Stooges turn to look at th Williams now lies in the Countess' lap beside a mustached Everyone is covered with pretzels. John has the pretzel b WILLIAMS (totally mortified)
12) 2) text: Really! Sherry hurries over to help straighten things up. SHERRY (to guest with lid on his head)
12) 4) text: Ooooh! Sherry starts to take the lid off John's head. SHERRY
12) 7) text: Gentlemen, what will I do with her? Now, let me  tell you a little bit about Sherry. MOE
12) 11) text: Boys. Moe motions with eyes and head to something o.s.  They fo stare at each other for a split second before racing away over to a table loaded with drinks.  Sherry stands at the drink. SHERRY
12) 12) text: Gentlemen, do have some rum punch. Sherry leaves with the drink and a tray of hors d'oeuvres CURLY
12) 22) text: Bourbon and rum ought to help some. Curly sniffs one of the bottles.  He sneezes twice and is again when Sherry returns to the table and offers him a t SHERRY (to Curly)
12) 24) text: No. Hay fever. Sherry busts out laughing at this and walks off.  The Sto various bottles into the punch bowl.  When these are empt some other bottles on the table. MOE
12) 42) text: This way. The Stooges follow Rumsford to the sofa where Sherry and talking. RUMSFORD (to Sherry)
12) 43) text: The doctor's going to look you over, dear. SHERRY
12) 44) text: Oh, goody. Curly joins Sherry and the Countess on the sofa, sitting and Larry stand nearby. MOE (to Sherry)
12) 45) text: Now, uh, we shall test your reflex first. SHERRY
12) 47) text: Nyuk, nyuk, nyuk, nyuk. Sherry's legs are crossed and Curly taps her just below t reflexes. But nothing happens.  Sherry just laughs. Curly frustration and taps her again.  Still nothing.  Curly sq face. CURLY
12) 48) text: This is the way a normal reflex should act. To demonstrate, Curly crosses his own legs and taps himse Nothing.  He does a double take and scowls at Sherry.  No the Countess sitting beside him and taps her knee, still THE COUNTESS (offended, to Curly)
12) 49) text: I beg your pardon. Delighted with Curly's boldness, Sherry gasps and puts a CURLY (to the Countess)
12) 61) text: Eats! Curly starts GIBBERING like a madman and running in place the sofa.  Larry runs around it and hops on Moe's back fo into the dining room. The guests and Williams watch all t looks while Sherry laughs happily. Finally, Curly runs ov Williams' back for his own piggy-back ride into the dinin SHERRY (laughing, to the stunned guests)
13) 0) text: Everyone save Williams is seated at the dining room table the head of the table.  On her right sits Moe and Larry ( flirt with the lady on his right, Moe grabs him violently Sherry's left sits Curly.  To Curly's left is the Countes the other end of the table, opposite Sherry.  The seating like this: Sherry
13) 2) text: Everyone has a cream puff in front of them.  We know what CURLY (to Sherry)
13) 3) text: I just love cream puffs. SHERRY
13) 5) text: I'm just crazy about Spanish food -- especially  corned beef and cabbage. SHERRY (laughing, to guests)
13) 21) text: This is my favorite dish. Biscuits! Biscuits  all the time. The Countess sets the powder puff down on top of Curly's finishes buttering, picks up the powder puff by mistake, "biscuit" in his mouth.   He tries to bite off a piece but can't.  He makes a face, Countess who now puts on lipstick, gives him a disdainful bites a piece of powder puff, glancing happily at the Cou chew it, going cross-eyed at the effort; swallows some do bite; squeals, earning another look from the Countess; Cu moment ... then abruptly stuffs the biscuit in his mouth another piece.   The Countess sighs and rolls her eyes. Suddenly, Curly st grabs his throat, eyes bulging.  Desperately, he WHACKS t causing face powder to SPEW out of his mouth.  He grabs a off the table and drinks some down.  He turns to look at grimaces.  The Countess is white with powder and totally cracks up at the sight of her. SHERRY (to Curly)
13) 23) text: Yes. Isn't he a scream? Williams serves the tamales, a native Mexican food made o red peppers rolled in cornmeal and wrapped in corn husks. SHERRY
13) 40) text: This is outrageous!  I demand that something  be done-- ! Sherry laughs even harder than before, shaking in her cha open. Rumsford grabs a cream puff and somehow throws it r mouth.  John, wiping some cream from his face, accidental the Matronly Woman beside him.  She, in turn, picks up he SMACKS him with it.  They start throwing the rest of thei MOE (to Curly)
13) 46) text: Folks! This must stop! The woman is instantly CLOBBERED by a cream puff.  By now degenerated into anarchy: Sherry, Larry, Moe, Curly and t throw cream puffs or get hit with them or both.  Curly du table and pops up with his napkin covering his head.  Of he peeks out from behind it, he is WHACKED with a cream p CURLY
13) 53) text: Oh, that's just right. Thanks. Rumsford crawls away to join Sherry while the Stooges cou Sherry is having a ball, throwing and being thrown at. SHERRY
13) 54) text: Whoooo!  Ha ha ha! A smiling Rumsford approaches, carrying a huge chocolate BIRTHDAY on it. SHERRY (happily, off the cake)