1) 2) dialog: (hands her the punch)
1) 8) dialog: A drink, sir? Rumsford and York each take a drink.
1) 11) dialog: Not a word, sir. I'm terribly upset.
1) 13) dialog: She always does that, sir.  She'll probably be  back in a day or two.
1) 15) text: Day or two?! Williams makes a face and walks off.
1) 19) text: Oh, Williams! Williams regains his composure and stands at attention. WILLIAMS (with some resignation) 
1) 20) text: Ready, Madame. Sherry takes off her fur coat while Rumsford and York exc She throws her fur coat across the room at Williams and i drapes itself goofily around his shoulders. She takes off it onto Williams' head. He looks rather ridiculous in a l but bears the humiliation with dignity. Meanwhile, Rumsfo RUMSFORD
1) 25) text: I'll have Williams call them. I'll have  Williams call them immediately. Rumsford rings for the butler. York checks his watch. DR. YORK
1) 27) text: Thanks. York exits as Williams approaches. RUMSFORD
1) 28) text: Oh, Williams. I want you to telephone Doctors  Ziller, Zeller, and Zoller.
3) 0) text: Williams is on the phone, making a call. WILLIAMS (into the phone)
5) 0) text: Williams is still on the phone. WILLIAMS
7) 0) text: WILLIAMS
9) 0) text: WILLIAMS
12) 0) text: Sherry runs in, followed closely by the Stooges. Moe plow upsetting the tray of pretzels he carries and knocking hi Sherry laughs gaily throughout.  After a moment, there is woman's SHRIEK. Sherry and the Stooges turn to look at th Williams now lies in the Countess' lap beside a mustached Everyone is covered with pretzels. John has the pretzel b WILLIAMS (totally mortified)
12) 59) text: Ooo-oohh. Nyuk, nyuk, nyuk, nyuk. Curly taps the statue's knee and -- improbably -- obtains the statue's leg flexes.  In response, an amazed Curly ba the statue. Then pauses to wonder how the statue could ha is, of course, a male model made up to look like a statue Meanwhile, on the other side of the room, Moe, Larry and all bent over, tapping their legs below the knee.  Willia an announcement. WILLIAMS
12) 61) text: Eats! Curly starts GIBBERING like a madman and running in place the sofa.  Larry runs around it and hops on Moe's back fo into the dining room. The guests and Williams watch all t looks while Sherry laughs happily. Finally, Curly runs ov Williams' back for his own piggy-back ride into the dinin SHERRY (laughing, to the stunned guests)
13) 0) text: Everyone save Williams is seated at the dining room table the head of the table.  On her right sits Moe and Larry ( flirt with the lady on his right, Moe grabs him violently Sherry's left sits Curly.  To Curly's left is the Countes the other end of the table, opposite Sherry.  The seating like this: Sherry
13) 12) text: Really! She goes back to powdering her face.  Curly gives her one dismissive waves and goes back to shaving.  Williams appr with a tray. WILLIAMS
13) 14) text: No, thank you. Williams is about to offer Curly a biscuit but is shocked him shaving at the dinner table. WILLIAMS (disapproving)
13) 16) text: Quiet! WILLIAMS (regains his composure)
13) 18) text: Oh, soitanly! Curly takes a biscuit and sets to work on it with a knife grimaces in disbelief and moves on. William offers the tr WILLIAMS
13) 23) text: Yes. Isn't he a scream? Williams serves the tamales, a native Mexican food made o red peppers rolled in cornmeal and wrapped in corn husks. SHERRY
13) 48) text: Nyuk, nyuk, nyuk, nyuk. An unsuspecting Williams calmly enters the room and stare amazement. Everyone is throwing food. WILLIAMS
13) 49) text: Doctor York just-- Williams gets hit by a cream puff.  Huffily, he turns to one right in the back of the neck.  He raises his shoulde deeply, and marches out of the room. Rumsford and the Stooges crawl on hands and knees away fr partygoers and confer in a quieter part of the room. 