1) 9) text: Robbie gets out of the car, carelessly banging the door o electrical pole. He is listening to his MP3 player at a l enough volume for the camera (10' away to hear).
1) 12) text: Robbie ignores him as if he was not there and heads up to front door of the house.
1) 20) dialog: (during bickering, at the front door)  The door's locked.
3) 0) text: Mary Ann and Ray go into the room where Robbie is laying bed listening to his MP3 player. Rachel sits down on her
3) 7) text: Mary Ann walks over to Robbie on his bed and grabs his MP She un-plugs the headphones and the music stops. Ray sits on a desk chair.
3) 10) text: Mary Ann looks at Robbie who promptly says...
3) 11) dialog: I just got to type it up. (makes typing  motion)
3) 15) dialog: (interrupts her) I love you mom!
3) 35) text: Mary Ann leaves. INT Ray's House - Rachel and Robbie's Room - Dawn Robbie is watching the TV stories about lighting storms i parts of the world. Channel changes ever few seconds. Ray off the TV and throws Robbie's baseball mitt at him. He c it and says...
3) 37) dialog: Baseball season's over.
4) 2) text: Robbie throws ball at Ray unexpectedly who catches it jus and comments...
4) 5) dialog: Whatever Ray!
4) 9) dialog: Yeah, I'm almost finished, I just got  to type it up.
4) 12) dialog: Yeah, and what do you know Ray?
4) 17) dialog: Is it okay with you if I just laugh  the first 500 times you tell that one.
4) 21) dialog: You don't pay for it, Tim does.
4) 22) text: Ray throws the ball at Robbie hard enough to knock dust o mitt. Robbie shakes his hand in his mitt and grits his te in pain.
4) 25) dialog: You're an asshole. I hate coming here.
4) 29) text: Ray throws the ball and Robbie purposely misses, shatteri window behind him. Robbie turns his hat backwards and wal the stairs back into the house. Ray stares at Rachel who back.
7) 4) text: Ray walks past her onto the street where he sees ROBBIE w up the street towards him. Ray begins running towards him
7) 8) dialog: The car just stopped and...
7) 11) dialog: ... and the lighting started hitting  about a block away over and over again.  And me and this other guy we...
7) 15) dialog: Over on Lincoln Avenue. (break) ...  by the church.
7) 19) dialog: Yeah. 26 times we counted! Over and  over the lighting started hitting. It  opened up this hole or something...
7) 22) dialog: Yeah.
7) 24) dialog: Yeah.
7) 26) text: Robbie doesn't move in fear. Ray gets angry that he is no
8) 0) text: Ray walks into the house where he is met by Rachel's gawk eyes out the window. Robbie stands in the background look at the doorway. Ray walks past Rachel then Robbie toward kitchen. Rachel and Robbie follow him into the kitchen. W anxious eyes, Robbie begins to say...
8) 2) dialog: What happened?
8) 6) text: Robbie squats down next to Ray as Rachel rests her elbows the stool at the island.
8) 9) dialog: What's all that stuff all over you?
8) 11) text: Ray seems to be delirious as he slurs his head towards Ro Rachel reaches through a leg of the  island to pull at Ray's hood on his  shirt. BAM! Ray jumps and jerks his  head toward Rachel fast enough to make  some of the white powder poof off as  if jerked back into reality. Robbie  jumps as well in fright.
8) 14) dialog: Hello? Ray?
8) 19) text: Ray grabs an old Penzoil box and dumps the tools out of i shoves the box into Robbie who grasps it as to not fall o at the force Ray used.
8) 21) dialog: (questioning) What? Wait. I have no  idea what's going on...
8) 25) dialog: I think we are having a bit of a shock  here...what's going on, just tell me...
9) 0) text: Ray runs into his room while Rachel and Robbie are downst He hastily enters the combination to a metal box that con a hand gun. He tucks the gun into his belt on his back an his shirts over it.
9) 1) text: Street Sidewalk - Evening Ray, Rachel, and Robbie are walking at a very fast pace d the sidewalk with about 20 other people around them. Rach clutching Ray's hand and Robbie is carrying the box of fo
9) 4) dialog: What's happening?
9) 10) text: People are seen rushing down the street in the intersecti Ray, Robbie and Rachel approach the car.
9) 13) dialog: Ray, I'm standing right beside you.  Can you please answer me?
9) 19) text: Ray loads Rachel in the middle row of seats as Robbie get the passenger seat.
9) 30) text: Manny walks over to the passenger side as Ray and Robbie him.
9) 33) text: Ray, who did no such thing sits there. Robbie looks at ra what he's going to do.
9) 36) text: Ray reaches over Robbie and opens the door.
9) 55) text: A dead silent pause falls on everyone. Robbie stares at R fright as Ray and Manny stare at each other.
9) 64) text: Ray helps Robbie close the door on Manny as they begin sp away.
10) 4) text: Ray grabs Robbie's collar of his jacket and shoves him to the floor.
10) 7) dialog: HOLY SHIT!
10) 11) dialog: Where are we going?!?!?!
10) 14) dialog: CLEAR OF WHAT?!?! 
10) 16) dialog: WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON!?!?!?
10) 20) dialog: BY WHO? WHO IS ATTACKING US?!?!
10) 26) dialog: (with a vein driven face) YOU ARE FREAKING  HER OUT!!
10) 30) text: Robbie turns to the back seat as an attempt to calm Rache thinks of an old technique he was taught.
10) 32) dialog: Okay, (slapping his arms together on  top of each other, demonstrating) Put  em' up Rache.
10) 34) dialog: Make the arms. (he grabs her elbows  so she holds the position. He begins  to calm her down) This space right here,  this is yours.
10) 35) text: Robbie stares directly into her eyes. She takes deep brea to regain control. She is able to open her eyes and stare into his eyes to maintain contact.
10) 37) dialog: ... This belongs to you, right? 
10) 40) dialog: (reassuring her) You're safe in your  space. 
10) 44) dialog: (reassuring her) You're safe in your  space. Nothing is going to happen to  you in your space. 
10) 45) text: Ray looks back into the back seat in amazement at Robbie to do what he's doing.
10) 48) dialog: I'm gonna go to the front seat to talk  to dad...
10) 51) dialog: (reassuring her) I will be two feet  away. Okay.
10) 52) text: Rachel breaks eye contact and starts controlling her brea while Robbie grabs her hand as reassurance.
10) 54) dialog: Will you hold my hand?
10) 56) dialog: Are you gonna be okay?
10) 58) text: Robbie grabs her hand and they both lean forward toward t
10) 61) dialog: (taking a breath to calm himself) I  want to know everything you know.
10) 63) text: Ray looks into Robbie's eyes who is looking straight forw on the road.
10) 67) dialog: What is it? (break) Is it terrorists?
10) 71) dialog: You mean like Europe?
10) 79) dialog: Wait a minute... you just said it was  buried.
10) 83) text: Robbie jumps back into the passenger's seat as Rachel sco forward in the back seat. Robbie is looking toward the sk
10) 87) dialog: Why aren't there any helicopters or  airplanes?
10) 91) dialog: How you doing?
10) 93) dialog: (to Ray) She's good.
10) 96) dialog: Works sometimes. She gets claustrophobic.  
10) 111) text: Robbie gets back into the back seat to repeat the "arms" with her to calm her again.
11) 2) text: As soon as the van stops, Robbie gets out and opens the d for Rachel.
11) 5) text: Robbie grabs the keys off his belt loop as Rachel begins up to the front door.
11) 9) dialog: (begins, and continues once in the house)  MOM!! TIM!!
12) 0) text: Rachel and Robbie are shouting for "mom" and "Tim" as Ray through the door. Rachel and Robbie meet Ray in the entry different parts of the house in their search. 
12) 2) dialog: They're gone.
12) 6) dialog: How do you know?
12) 13) dialog: (dialing the phone) I'm gonna call her.
12) 18) text: Robbie is having no luck and is only getting error tones of the phone.
12) 21) text: Remembering Robbie's calming "arm" technique...
12) 27) dialog: .. Busy signals, one of the fast ones....  You think all the circuits are down?
12) 31) dialog: That's all that was in your kitchen.
12) 34) text: Robbie takes his hat off and sits down as Ray searches th for food. He finds peanut butter. 
12) 37) text: Ray takes the twist tie off the bread bag and dumps the w loaf on the counter. He taps his hands together to try to Rachel and Robbie.
12) 47) text: Robbie shakes his head yes to her statement. 
12) 53) dialog: I'm not hungry either.
13) 0) text: Rachel and Ray are running down the stars carrying their pillows and blankets. Robbie follows slightly behind them his own and a few extra pillows and blankets. 
13) 5) dialog: What are you afraid is gonna happen  to us?
13) 15) text: Robbie puts his hat on Rachel's head and ushers her over spot under the stairs where blankets are laid out. Ray wa over to the chair about five feet away from the bed.
13) 19) text: Rachel and Robbie are heard in the background...
13) 20) dialog: Wanna stay here?
13) 22) dialog: Love you, Rache.
13) 23) text: Ray takes out his gun and puts it under a pillow of the s as he sits down. So Robbie and Rachel wont notice.
14) 0) text: Bushes are heard rattling against the window. They become and louder against the window. Eventually they become jus of loud enough to wake Ray up. FLASH! A strike of lightin Ray's eyes to roll back around and open. BAM! The second is loud enough to get Robbie (who is now in the seat next Ray) to jump up next to him. A few more flashes and the l starts like the first time. BAM! BAM! Every strike of lig lights up the entire downstairs. Rachel gets up and looks the stairs.
14) 1) text: A close up shot of Robbie. With every lightening strike, breathing becomes more erratic.
14) 5) text: Just as ray finishes, an ear piercing noise from a jet en begins. The howl rattles things off of shelves on the wal Robbie and Ray wince at the pain in their ears. Rachel ru to Robbie and hugs him in security. Things fall off of sh everywhere. 
14) 8) dialog: (screams) AHHHH... WHAT'S THAT SOUND?
14) 15) text: Robbie opens the door to the furnace room and shows Rache the stairs who runs. Robbie goes back to get Ray.
14) 18) text: Ray and Robbie run to the door just as a fireball bursts the windows. Flaming debris follows after. Ray gets the f door closed but the fire blasts through the wooden one. H after a struggle, to get the metal one closed on the insi the furnace room. 
15) 1) text: He walks by Rachel who is sleeping in Robbie's arms who i against some copper piping. Holding his slightly burned a pain, Ray exit's the room through the charred doors and f most of the basement in ruins. The ground floor is now th floor because the second floor was completely torn off. 
18) 10) text: Ray is carrying Rachel to the van. Robbie is walking alon them looking at the devastation.
18) 20) text: Camera follows Robbie who puts his hands on his head in a of the devastation. Ray starts the car and turns it aroun pull out. 
18) 23) text: Robbie does not react at all. Ray becomes agitated. 
18) 26) text: Ray gives him a mean look as Robbie realizes that they mu
19) 0) text: Ray is reading the map while Robbie looks out the window. are taking back roads that have nothing but farmlands on
19) 3) dialog: Why the hell aren't we on the turnpike?
19) 10) dialog: If we had any balls, we'd go back there  and find one of those things and kill  it. 
19) 13) text: Ray shoves the map on the floorboard as he becomes more a at Robbie.
19) 15) dialog: Which would be when? Never Ray? Never's  about your speed.
19) 24) text: Rachel shakes her head "yes" as he pulls the car over. Ray grabs Robbie by the shirt arm and holds him in the ca glares at Rachel mean enough to make her freeze in her se
19) 27) dialog: Come on. (tugs at his shirt sleeve which  Ray has a hold of) I gotta go!
19) 31) dialog: There's nobody around!
19) 33) text: Robbie breaks free of Ray's grasp on his sleeve. Robbie a both get out of the car. Ray follows the both of them to the whole event from the van.
19) 55) text: Army trucks can be heard crossing by the van. Robbie, who interest is killing one of the robots sees this as an opp to do so. Robbie runs toward the trucks and begins shouti
19) 58) dialog: STOP!! DO YOU HAVE ROOM??? STOP!!!
19) 63) dialog: WAIT, STOP!!! LET ME ON!!! LET ME ON!!!  GIVE ME A HAND!!!
19) 64) text: Robbie is getting soaked as the tank's tracks roll over t puddles of water. Robbie is not giving up hope that one m him on. 
19) 66) dialog: WAIT!!! STOP!!! GIVE ME A HAND!!! YOU  HAVE ROOM!!!
19) 69) text: Ray sees Robbie trying to get on with them. He has had en of Robbie and goes up to him to tell him....
19) 72) text: Robbie, who ignores him is still shouting for them to sto
19) 77) dialog: WHAT DO YOU CARE?!?!? YOU NEVER GAVE  A SHIT BEFORE!!! YOU NEVER GAVE A SHIT!!!
19) 81) dialog: WE CATCH UP WITH THESE SOLDIERS, WE  PICK UP WHOEVER ELSE ISN'T DEAD AND  WE GET BACK AT THEM!!! WE GET BACK AT  THEM!! THAT'S WHAT WE DO!!!
19) 85) text: Ray and Robbie are about ready to start throwing punches other as the tanks continue rolling by.
19) 87) dialog: WHY DON'T YOU JUST TELL US THE TRUTH???
19) 90) dialog: YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHICH WAY TO GO!!
19) 94) dialog: YOU WANNA COME OFF ALL WISE AND SHIT!!  YOU ONLY CHOSE BOSTON BECAUSE YOU HOPE  MOM IS THERE AND IF SHE'S THERE, YOU  CAN DUMP US ON HER!!! YOU CAN DUMP US  ON HER THEN YOU'LL ONLY HAVE TO CARE  ABOUT YOURSELF!!! WITCH IS EXACTLY THE  WAY YOU LIKE IT!!!
19) 95) text: Robbie is shivering in the cold of his wet clothes but hi keeps him fighting at Ray. They both can be seen with the from their nostrils flaring like a bull. Rachel rushes in an attempt to get Robbie to realize what he's doing.
19) 98) text: Rachel begins to cry as Robbie looks at her in sorrow. 
19) 100) text: Rachel's last line almost brings Robbie to tears as he pi her up and starts walking over to the van. Ray stands nex the still rolling army vehicles and begins to realize how brother and sister have come to rely on each other during divorce of their parents.
20) 0) text: Robbie is staring out the window in the exact opposite di of Ray. The radio is broadcasting the emergency alert tes turns off the radio and says...
20) 4) dialog: I don't have a license.
21) 0) text: Robbie is driving into a city. Ray is sleeping in the pas seat. The streets are crowded with people walking. Robbie worried and gets Ray to drive. 
21) 2) dialog: Ray. (no response) Ray. (no response)  Dad!
21) 3) text: Ray wakes up and Robbie tries to get him to take the whee
21) 6) dialog: You think you could.... You think you  could...
21) 27) dialog: Be careful.
21) 46) text: Robbie and Ray see a woman standing dead in their way hol a baby. They swerve to miss her.
21) 48) dialog: Look out! Look out!
22) 2) text: Rachel has no time to respond before the back windshield open by a crowd member. The driver and passenger side win are then promptly busted. Robbie ducks to avoid the flyin A man jumps on the hood and starts ripping glass away fro hole in the front windshield. He is so desperate to get i van he rips his hands to shreds. A crowd member suggests it". He does so and the glass falls through.
22) 3) text: The passenger side door is opened and Robbie is pulled ou the rioting crowd. 
22) 5) dialog: (screams) AHHHHH!!!! RAY!!!
22) 23) text: Another man grabs Ray to try to fight him. Women in the c yell to "stop them" but nobody does so. The man who is st Ray yells to "get in the car". Robbie fought off the men pulled him out of the car, comes over to Ray's side, and choking the man who is choking Ray. Robbie hit's the man' against the car. The man releases his grip on Ray, the ma Robbie are drug into the rioting crowd beyond frame view.
22) 33) text: Rachel tries to get out, but there is an overflow of peop into the car through the windows. She is surrounded by pe in the car. Robbie and Ray are getting beat in the crowd.
22) 35) text: Ray manages to pull out his gun. He fires off two rounds the air. The crowd instantly moves away from him. One man "take it easy!" No sign of Robbie. 
22) 42) text: Realizing Robbie is nowhere in sight....
22) 51) text: Ray is able to pull Robbie out from the crowd. Robbie has bloody nose and a badly bruised stomach. He is fighting t his breath because he had it knocked out of him.
22) 54) text: The camera moves from Robbie to Ray, then pivots on his f to reveal a man holding another gun at Ray's head.
22) 75) text: Robbie, who has managed to get to his feet, hunched over, over to Ray. Ray, with Rachel in his arms, and Robbie wal the diner on the street. The man backs up the car just as camera pans down to see a man who sees the gun on the str The man picks up Ray's gun and looks at the man in the va
23) 1) text: They all sit down at the booth. The power is flickering o off. As they begin to relax from the ordeal they just had are heard. BAM!! BAM!! Ray jumps and catches his head in hands as it throbs. Robbie jumps and flails his arms in p as the jump tightened muscles in his stomach. Robbie turn to see the man with Ray's gun firing at Riot Man 3. BAM! more gunshot is heard. Rachel scurries over to Robbie who his pain, grabs Rachel and they hug each other seeking co The van drives away.
23) 2) text: Rachel sobs as Ray also starts crying because nobody know to do from here. Robbie looks at Ray for some comfort. He none.
24) 18) text: Rachel looks at sea gulls that are flying rather fast awa the boat. Robbie meets Sheryl with Ray.
24) 21) dialog: Hi Sheryl.
24) 26) text: Rachel is now fully into watching the gulls. Ray, Sheryl, Robbie are engaged into small talk. Rachel sees the gulls around something over the horizon behind the city.
24) 31) text: Rachel watches the trees begin to be flattened and moved gets brighter on the horizon. Rachel grabs Ray's finger a realizes that she wants him. Ray turns around to see what wants as he too sees the thing on the horizon. Robbie see looking that way, so he too looks that way. A robot puts last foot down with a thud and looks at the dock full of It makes the vibration noise which gets the attention of The crowd begins overrunning the soldiers and cramming on ship for safety. The captain sees the overflow and prepar ship for takeoff to try to stop the overflow. 
24) 51) text: They run faster and Sheryl falls farther behind. Robbie m a grab for her hand but a soldier stops Sheryl just short
24) 63) text: Rachel screams as Ray runs to the bow with Rachel in his Robbie is soon to follow...
24) 68) text: Robbie runs right past them and up to the captain's deck.
24) 70) text: Robbie, panting hard, looks at the inclining ramp and see are still people hanging on to the back side of the ramp. starts running to the stern of the ship.
24) 77) text: Robbie ignores them as he jumps onto the grate of the fol up ramp. Climbing to the top, he begins helping those who hanging on the back side of the ramp. 
24) 79) dialog: Here, grab my hand!! Hold on! I got  you! HOLD ON!!!
24) 80) text: Camera turns or Ray's face. Ray looks at Robbie helping p in admiration and proud ness. 
24) 82) dialog: TAKE MY HAND!! TAKE IT!!! 
25) 8) text: The robot's claws begin pushing the ship making it lean t side and finally tip over on it's side. Robbie is already towards Ray. At the turn of the ship, the three go into t Cars start coming towards them. WOOSH!!! A car comes righ them. SPLASH!!! The car hit's the water where they are, i pinning Robbie and Ray to the front of it. Rachel is hold on to Robbie's back, also going down.
25) 11) text: As the ship completely capsizes, people are thrown or was into the water. Cars sink down, people float and the ship in the water. Ray is able to un-pin himself and pulls Rob out. They all begin swimming to the surface. Rachel lags and Robbie grabs her and helps her up.  At the surface, t meet. A ship propeller at full power. They begin to swim from it. Claws from the ship over head are grabbing peopl pulling them into the robot's holds. 
26) 0) text: Ray is heaving Rachel up to shore. Robbie is not far behi They are all fighting to get their breath after swimming so long. Ray can no longer haul Rachel up the beach. 
26) 3) dialog: (gagging) Okay.
26) 4) text: Robbie almost slips as he gags, still fighting for breath
26) 9) dialog: (yells in pain) AHHH.
26) 11) text: With jaws clattering, Rachel looks toward the other hills on the other side of the river. Shivering Ray and Robbie there with her. 
26) 12) text: THREE MORE robots are on the opposite hillside blasting p with their disintegrator beams. Many more people scream. in fright, runs towards the bushes behind Ray. Ray sees h and runs with her. Robbie runs with them. They stop and s down as they see the top of another robot coming over the to join the three. 
26) 13) text: Robbie, running, with clenched teeth, stops. His jaw drop we are able to see hundreds of thousands of articles of c falling from the sky. They continue running through the w where clothes fall like snow. 
26) 14) text: Pasture Fence Line - Dark Robbie is walking 5' ahead of Ray and Rachel along a fenc of a pasture. Gunfire is seen and heard over the hill abo yards away. Robbie, who always wanted to help in the figh walking faster toward the gunfire.
26) 17) text: Robbie follows the fence line and walks a little faster.
26) 19) text: Robbie, who is coming closer to the hill, sees army truck down the road and up the hill. Seeing this, Robbie walks a slow run along the fence line. Ray and Rachel try to ke
26) 25) text: Robbie, getting closer, runs faster, faster.
26) 30) text: Robbie, in a full scale run, runs with the army trucks th now taken to the hills. Ray and Rachel run as fast as the to try to stay with Robbie.
26) 34) text: Robbie runs with the trucks with all his might. Ray and R are now searching for him.
26) 37) text: Ray sees Robbie about 20' ahead of him. 
26) 39) text: Robbie is held back by two soldiers. Robbie gets thrown b by them where Ray grabs him and pins him to the ground. R fights to get back up.
26) 43) text: Robbie is watching all he is able to see while Ray tries his attention on him.
26) 46) text: Robbie ignores him and continues watching artillery blast the hill. 
26) 47) text: Ray gets fed up with Robbie. He grabs his shoulders and f him over on to his back. Robbie looks at Ray in fright th did that. Ray grabs his coat shoulders, and climbs on top him, pining him down to the ground. 
26) 53) dialog: I NEED TO BE HERE! I NEED TO SEE THIS!!
26) 57) dialog: LET ME GO!!!
26) 59) dialog: PLEASE LET ME GO!!!
26) 63) text: Robbie tries to fight to get up but Ray keeps him pinned ground.
26) 67) dialog: LET ME GO PLEASE!!!
26) 69) dialog: DAD!!
26) 73) dialog: I need to be here! I want to see this!
26) 77) dialog: Please let me go! You need to let me  go.
26) 78) text: Ray and Robbie are silent for what seems to them like for Ray looks to Rachel who is being carried away by the coup Robbie manages to turn back over to his stomach. After en trying, Robbie is able to squirm out of Ray's grasp on hi
26) 80) text: Robbie crawls out of Ray's grasp and stands up. They star each other for a while and Robbie begins running over the Ray runs over to Rachel to get her back from the couple.
26) 93) text: By now, Robbie has run over the hill and is long out of s A robot that appears to be on fire comes slowly rising ov hill. Ray makes a run for it down the hill. We can see th robots now rising over the hill. Missiles and bullets are fired at them as their shields block all the fired artill
28) 6) text: Ray looks up at him and looks at the lantern. He is still muttering "Robbie" very quietly.
28) 24) text: Rachel is crying because she misses Robbie and her mom. R the first place ribbon she keeps carrying around and begi investigate what it is.
31) 125) text: Ray's eyes and face perk up as we see ROBBIE coming down front steps towards him. 
31) 128) text: Ray and Robbie take a good look at each other and Robbie mutters with a dry throat.
31) 130) dialog: Hey dad!