19) 60) text: Some trucks pass by as the soldiers in them look at him b
19) 68) dialog: Watch it, kid! YOU'RE GONNA GET YOURSLELF  RUN OVER!!!
24) 0) text: Random, pointless music is playing over the PA system as are being herded by soldiers onto a ferry boat. A blood b woman says over a megaphone... 
24) 31) text: Rachel watches the trees begin to be flattened and moved gets brighter on the horizon. Rachel grabs Ray's finger a realizes that she wants him. Ray turns around to see what wants as he too sees the thing on the horizon. Robbie see looking that way, so he too looks that way. A robot puts last foot down with a thud and looks at the dock full of It makes the vibration noise which gets the attention of The crowd begins overrunning the soldiers and cramming on ship for safety. The captain sees the overflow and prepar ship for takeoff to try to stop the overflow. 
24) 36) text: The soldiers create a blockade which holds back the crowd quite a while. As the crowd starts to collect, the soldie to bulge forward from people pushing them. Three robots n on their lights to look over the crowd of people. A movin of about 1,000 people is now collecting on the soldiers w far are withstanding. 
24) 37) text: Ray, now in the front next to a soldier, tries to get the let him and his family through. They say there is no more
24) 47) text: The harbor master hit's the switch to start the ramp moto begin folding up the ramp. Soldiers shove empty cars off ramp. 
24) 51) text: They run faster and Sheryl falls farther behind. Robbie m a grab for her hand but a soldier stops Sheryl just short
26) 39) text: Robbie is held back by two soldiers. Robbie gets thrown b by them where Ray grabs him and pins him to the ground. R fights to get back up.
26) 42) text: Soldiers are blasting everything they have to something o the hill. Radio people are telling their officers "no eff on target". 
26) 86) text: She doesn't finish as she scurries away. Ray looks at the where the soldiers were firing at... A FLAMING army truck over the hill. 
31) 54) text: Ray goes to speak just as BOOM! The grate shifts, tossing the people around and the door opens to take another pers Ray ducks down with Rachel but this is noticed by the gra claw. He is swept up by it. Rachel holds on to his neck t with him. But then, Ray sees his belt of grenades. He pri hands off of him and grabs the grenades. A soldier sees t and latches onto Ray's arm. 
31) 56) dialog: Pull me! Pull me!!!
31) 57) text: People all start latching on to the soldier and begin hea him and Ray down. They loose ground until more people joi
31) 60) dialog: We got him! Keep pulling! Pull me!
31) 62) text: Ray is let loose by the clamp and they all fall back into cage. Ray spits out two grenade pins out of his mouth. Th seen by the soldier. 
31) 64) dialog: EVERYBODY DOWN!!!
31) 67) text: Boston City Limits - Freeway - Day Ray walks with Rachel down the road as soldiers are usher them to "keep moving." The crows are now eating the red p which appears to be dying rapidly.  Ray picks up a piece, dead plant.
31) 76) dialog: I don't know, something's happening  to them. Please keep moving.
31) 77) text: Ray goes up to another soldier for information.
31) 79) dialog: Go. Go. Just keep moving, sir. 
31) 80) text: Ray asks another soldier down the road for information.
31) 83) dialog: No sir, it was behaving erratically,  walking in circles then it went down  on it's own about an hour ago. (to people)  Now let's keep moving, don't stop do  not stop! Keep moving!
31) 84) text: Rachel and Ray are walking down the road with soldiers an people.
31) 88) text: Seeing another robot, one soldier motions to get into the tunnel. Other soldiers make signals to get set up for def if necessary. Everyone gets into the tunnel. A soldier ca heard telling everyone "calm down and get in the tunnel".
31) 94) dialog: I CAN'T HEAR YOU!!!
31) 96) dialog: I CAN'T HEAR YOU!!
31) 99) text: The soldier looks at them and doesn't get what Ray's gett at. He looks back at Ray. The noise continues erratically if the robot is fighting to stay alive.
31) 102) dialog: (motions and says) I CAN'T HEAR YOU!!!
31) 105) dialog: (now getting it) (to the soldiers) THE  JAVELIN'S THE KEY! LOAD THE GUSTAV,  IT'S GONNA BE A TOUGH KILL!!! LET'S  GO!!!
31) 106) text: Ray gets in the tunnel as all the soldiers come running o
31) 111) dialog: LETS GO!!! BRIGN OUT THE JAVELIN!!!
31) 113) text: Soldiers scurry to get set up and they hurriedly fire mis at the robot. The first missile hit's the grabbing claws knocks them off. A few more shots and the robot collapses a nearby factory. The factory explodes and the robot grin a halt on the ground. They check it to be clear as an ali out of the door. It quickly dies on site. 
31) 115) dialog: IT'S CLEAR!