1) 0) text: Ray gets out and takes the last can of trash to the stree Tim (in his 30s, wearing expensive clothes, slicked sharp extremely well groomed, looks like (and is) rich) and Ray Mary Ann (in her 30s, pregnant with maternity clothes on, hanging loose and rather unkempt) stand at their new car. (15, ragged, tough look, long hair, partially groomed, wo (but looks in style), hip side pack with misc. objects in and Rachel (10, still dressed in Barbie color scheme clot long unkempt hair in pigtails) are in the car.
1) 6) dialog: Thank You.
1) 18) text: Rachel gives him a hug and goes back to the car to retrie bag. She struggles and Mary Ann, Tim, and Ray try to help results in a small bicker argument. (Ray, Tim, and Mary A lib.)
2) 0) text: Mary Ann, Rachel, Ray, and Tim walk into the kitchen as R heads straight upstairs to his room. Mary Ann sees a car next to the kitchen table and looks at Ray in disgust. 
2) 12) dialog: I'm gonna go wait outside. (to Rachel)  I love you sweetheart (hugs her) see  you in a few days.
10) 22) text: After honking his horn a few more times, she has only got worse.
11) 10) text: Ray remains in the car realizing how unimportant he reall (kids are shouting for Tim).
12) 0) text: Rachel and Robbie are shouting for "mom" and "Tim" as Ray through the door. Rachel and Robbie meet Ray in the entry different parts of the house in their search. 
12) 9) text: The camera goes to the phone which is briskly picked up b Then the camera views into the new family vacation portra to the phone. It has Ray missing who is replaced by Tim.
14) 0) text: Bushes are heard rattling against the window. They become and louder against the window. Eventually they become jus of loud enough to wake Ray up. FLASH! A strike of lightin Ray's eyes to roll back around and open. BAM! The second is loud enough to get Robbie (who is now in the seat next Ray) to jump up next to him. A few more flashes and the l starts like the first time. BAM! BAM! Every strike of lig lights up the entire downstairs. Rachel gets up and looks the stairs.
22) 2) text: Rachel has no time to respond before the back windshield open by a crowd member. The driver and passenger side win are then promptly busted. Robbie ducks to avoid the flyin A man jumps on the hood and starts ripping glass away fro hole in the front windshield. He is so desperate to get i van he rips his hands to shreds. A crowd member suggests it". He does so and the glass falls through.
31) 124) text: Mary Ann's parents come out of the door. The mother has a look on her face. Tim is behind them. 