7) 0) text: Two N.A.S.A. techs, FLIP and SKIP, looking very haggard,  furiously typing  numbers into the circulator. The phone Flip answers. Jimbo  (whispers to Pearl &amp; Theo) I got mission control....! Flip Yeah, Mission Control. Jimbo  (into phone) Uhh hi, I'm an astronomer in Kentucky, and I was wonderin you guys had seen some strange activity in the southern m quadrant of  the asteroid belt between Antares Major and Scorpio.... Flip Who is this? Jimbo My name? Uhh....Louis Lipshitz... Flip This is a restricted line. How did you get it? Where you? Jimbo Lexington... Massachusetts. Flip Can you tell me the exact co-ordinates..? Theo Hang up! Hang up now! Jimbo hangs up the phone. Theo Lexington.. uhh...Massachusettes. Idiot. I told you call them.
33) 0) text: Harry HITS another ball. WE REVEAL his target, a GREENPEA anchored off  the rig. The BALL strikes the side of the b just missing the head of ONE of  the PROTESTERS. Harry Almost caught that little bastard. He admires his shot as his daughter, GRACE, walks up. Gra late 20's,  business dress, Harvard Law. Grace Having fun? Harry HITS another ball. It misses the boat, skips across water. Grace Sure sliced the shit outta that one.  (frowns) Harry Watch your language, Gracie. Grace Seagulls swallow those and they die. Harry Stupid birds. Harry's EYES move to a GROUP OF GREENPEACE PROTESTERS acr rig, being held  back by Stamper Oil SECURITY GUARDS.  Grace I just talked with A.J. Harry Talking to him quite a bit these days.... Grace  (awkward pause) "A" rig's acting up. The drill string kicked twice this   morning, gave Chick a nasty bruise in the head. Harry Good. He's not vulnerable there. Grace Chase Manhatten okayed the bridge financing for the Micronesia Project,  but at 21 percent interest. And Lloy London refuses to underwrite the  Venezuela&gt; Project.. Harry Thieves and cowards, all of 'em. Twist their arms. Grace I am. Harry Keep twisting. Like a pit bull. Grace Oh, and that magazine article - they want some huma interest stuff -  likes and dislikes. "Likes" I said Golf Fishing, Single Malt Scotch, Old  Movies. What about  "Di Harry Any kind of flying and oil company executives. Go d 'em. I  always look better when you're doing the talking. Harry HITS another ball. CLANG. Grace You know you donate 300 grand a year to Greenpeace. Harry smiles at the contradiction. Harry What'd your mother call me? Grace Complicated. Harry Yeah well....I'm complicated. Grace walks off, passing A.J., winking at him. A.J. winks A.J. What's his mood? Grace Complicated. A.J. walks up to Harry. Harry I understand we're having problems with "A" rig. A.J. I'm on top of it  (Harry picks up his bag) Harry, you have a second? Harry Yeah. One. A.J. I'll hurry. I've worked for you for a long time. Harry Twelve years. A.J. And you've been real good to me.... Harry Another company make you an offer, kid? A.J. No. The reason I am here, today, standing here, talk you. I'm  obviously talking to you...but it's, you know, uhh...it's not an  oil-related matter exactly.... Harry You're sweating, A.J. A.J. You know there comes a time in a man's life when... (to himself) No,  that's a clichГ©... (to Harry) Can I start again? I, uhh, fell...I've fallen... Harry You hurt yourself? A.J. In love, I mean. Fallen in love. It's the damnedest but this  person you...know...really well. ACROSS THE PLATFORM - Grace escorts five angry OIL INDUST EXECUTIVES over to  Harry. A KLAXON SOUNDS. Harry, alarme rushes right past them, toward the "A"  Derrick. They fol snapping at his heels Oil Executive 1 You explicitly promised results at 25 tho feet. Harry We have results. Oil Executive 2 But we don't have oil. We've given you ev you've  asked.... Harry Horseshit. What the...? Chick! Bennie! Somebody bet me why the  hell "A" derrick is not turning! Chick hurries up to Harry. Chick The uhh....the Greenpeace guys. Harry approaches "A" Derrick. Five MEMBERS of Greenpeace handcuffed  themselves in a circle around the drilling pi Harry Hey there, what can I do for you? Greenpeace Leader This is an official protest. Harry 'Course it is. I love you guys. You like dolphins a whales, I like 'em  too. Hey, I know you. You too. Didn't have shorter hair? Greenpeace Leader Stamper, do you know what this thing do the eco-system? Harry How'd you get out here? Canoe? Rowboat? Oh, that bo there with a  thousand horsepower diesel! Greenpeace Leader How can you wake up every day and look yourself in the  mirror? Harry The same way you did when you blow-dried your hair morning. And you  used a curling iron, I betcha. Did you most electricity's from burning oil?  I'' stop drillin' w world - stops usin' it. Bennie, start 'er up!  Greenpeace Leader Wait........ Harry Can't wait! I'm a businessman! Those goons over the me 57 mil. to  find oil and they ain't leavin' till I do! they have no lives!  The drill string begins to turn in the hole. Greenpeace Leader We....we threw away the key. Harry Sorry. Time is money. BENNIE! The MASSIVE HYDRAULIC KELLY begins to descend on the Gree Activists'  heads. Greenpeace Leader STOP!!!! Harry Bennie! Third gear! The Greenpeace Leader miraculously produces a key and fra begins  unlocking the handcuffs. Grace turns to the oil executives. Grace He's good at public relations. A.J. approaches Grace; they watch Harry. Grace So?  (A.J. stares at her) What?  (no response) What?  (no response)
33) 1) dialog: Suddenly, across "A" Derrick, a KLAXON SOUNDS. Chick She's kickin'! The civilians get the hell away. Harry and A.J. run toward the rig. Chick Pressure's north of seven thousand! A.J. We gotta clear the Derrick! Harry  (looks at wellhead) Chick, rig up another pipe.  (Chick and Bennie look  at Harry with uncertainty)
34) 0) text: A.J., holding his breath under water, shimmies down the d pipe  feet-first, inside the water-filled concrete tube r from the rig to the  ocean floor.  A.J. begins wrestling the disconnected sections together.
35) 0) text: A.J. is pinned against the hole wall by one of the discon pipes. Harry  comes down the hole. He plants his back aga hole wall and kicks the  pipe, freeing A.J. A slow, deep, emanates from below. The Briny water  inside the hole sud turns BLACK and VISCOUS.  A.J. and Harry exchange an alarmed look. Harry, then A.J. for the surface,  up the drilling hole as -- 
36) 0) text: -- the wellhead KICKS again. The rig platform SHUDDERS vi The derrick  sways. SEAWATER SPEWS up from the wellhead.  Chick Get back, she's gonna blow! Grace, Chick, Bennie and the other Roughnecks huddle arou flooded drilling  hole, waiting. Tense, agonising seconds Harry scrambles out, covered in....CRUDE OIL. He grabs Grace and pulls her away. Grace Where's A.J.!!!? Harry RIGHT BEHIND ME! RUN! The platform SHAKES. Harry, Grace, and the others sprint
36) 2) dialog: (pointedly) Good plan, Harry. Harry  (walks over to Oil Execs) There's your oil, gentlemen. Now get the hell  off my rig
40) 0) text: A champagne cork POPS and WIDEN TO Harry, Grace, A.J., an fifty Roughnecks.  The wellhead's been capped; pumping 25 gallons per minute.  Harry To Hole Number Seventy-Six! Roughnecks  (UNISON)
40) 1) text: Hole Number Seventy-Six! The Oil Executives stand off, watching. Oil Executive 1 Seventy-Six? Oil Executive 2 This is Harry's Seventy-Sixth straight hi Oil Executive 1 The man's a legend. We hear the WHOP, WHOP, WHOP of HELICOPTER BLADES. Harry, and A.J. turn  toward the noise. TWO U.S. ARMY BLACKHAWK HELICOPTERS whirr across the chop ocean.
41) 0) text: The helicopters land on the heli-pad on the oil rig's top MAJOR STINSON,  50's, wearing formal dress and sunglasses with two strapping ADJUTANTS  stride across the rig.  Major Stinson Harry Stamper? I'm Major William Stinson, U States Army. I  need a few words with you. In private. Harry Say it now, say it quick, or get off my rig, Major. got a business  to run here. Major Stinson You've been summoned back to the States. Harry Who's doin' the summoning? Major Stinson Your Government, Mr Stamper.
43) 0) text: Harry, AJ. and Grace are led into the room by Stinson. Qu eyes move to  Harry -- Quincy He's here. Quincy, Clark and Golden stand, approach -- Quincy  (cont'd) Dan Golden, meet Mister Harry Stamper, the finest oil dri in the world. Golden Mister Stamper.. (shaking hands) Dan Golden, I'm Director of -- Harry I know who you are. I watched T.V. once. Apollo 8, First manned  lunar orbit. Golden That was a long time ago. I run this place now. An got a serious  problem on our hands that Quincy here thin might be able to help us out  with --  Quincy eagerly outstretches his hand. They shake. Quincy let go. Quincy I'm a big fan, Mr. Stamper. Harry I kinda caught that.  (to Golden) What's the problem, gentlemen? Golden I wonder if we might speak alone? Harry These two are my right and left arms. Grace Stamper Albert Jack  Frost. Stupid name, so we call him A.J..  (handshakes) They run my company. You  talk to me, you  talk to them.  Golden Okay. Golden direct everyone into --
44) 0) text: Golden, Temple, Clark, Harry, Grace, and A.J. sit in a da viewing a  VIDEOTAPE. Quincy stands beside the projector, supplying narration. On the tape  we see Harry on a rig p shaking hands with an ARAB BUSINESSMAN --  Harry Great, home movies. Grace and A.J. smile. Quincy Nineteen eighty five. The first well drilled over thousand feet.  They said it couldn't be done. You did it Incredible.  ON THE SCREEN - Harry's on another rig, shaking hands wit INDONESIAN  BUSINESSMAN. Harry leans over and kisses the Businessmen shake their  heads, awed.  Quincy  (cont'd) Nineteen Ninety-One. Directional drilling through two mil anthracite. They also said that couldn't be done. You did Incredible.  Harry looks at Quincy strangely; this sure is a bizarre f celebrity. Quincy  (cont'd) Ninteen Ninety-Three. The first hole over seventy thousan Once again they said -- Golden Move it along, Quincy. Quincy Right, sorry. Mister Stamper, you're the world's f expert in  deep drilling. You hold specialized patents in speed bits, drilling fluids,  downhole motors Can I call Harry?  Harry Stick with Stamper. Golden Well, Mister Stamper, we need you to drill a hole. a difficult  place. Harry I've drilled in them all. Golden Not...this place. This is really out there.  (beat) Space, Mister  Stamper. Harry As in...outer? SATELLITE PHOTOS OF THE ASTEROID come up on the screen -- Temple You've watched the news the last 24 hours? You hea the meteor  shower?  (Harry nods) What you don't know is that an asteroid is on a collision course with  Earth. If it hits us, Earth as we know it wi over.  Golden We're manning a mission to that asteroid to plant nuclear device in  it's core. To do that we need to drill eight hundred foot hole.  Harry looks at A.J. and Grace. Harry A.J., is this guy shitting me? A.J. I don't think they shit people at N.A.S.A., Harry -- Harry An eight hundred foot hole. On a moving asteroid. I Golden All we want is your advice in perfecting our drill any help you  can provide. We'll pay your usual consultan course.   Harry Show me your rig.
45) 0) text: Quincy leads Golden, Harry, A.J., Grace, and Clark throug N.A.S.A.'s Research  and Development area. This place loo "Q's" weapons shop from the James  Bond movies as funded company on the fortune 500 --  Huge, clinically clean, dominated by MASSIVE ROCKET ENGIN TECHNICIANS in  white coats and hairnets work on a variet equipment.  TECHNICIANS hunch over a ROVER VEHICE, not the golf cart the moon. This  is low, squat, sturdy, with an enclosed a passenger compartment.  Quincy The "Armadillo" - our fourth generation rover. It a six-cell  solar engine with 824 horses. This was a join venture with the Germans.  (winks) It's designed by Porsche.  Quincy motions to TWO TECHNICIANS. They roll over a ROBOT on a gurney,  powered by an ELECTRIC MOTOR. The robotic a connected to an OIL DRILLING  BIT.  Harry Where's the Kelly? Quincy This baby works without one. Harry How does it work? Harry starts to inspect the bit. Quincy It works through a series of complexly designed  differential gears. Harry's face tightens, as he studies the bit further -- Harry This is my Patent. Quincy "Drilling Power Transfer Without Conventional Hydr by Harry S.  Stamper. You registered it with the U.S. Pat Office last year.  Harry You stole it. Quincy We just borrowed it, Mister Stamper. Quincy unpockets a remote control panel and presses a but drill bit  presses down into a block of concrete and begi rapidly CHEW through it, as  Harry marvels at the realisa his design. Quincy  (cont'd) We built this arm to mine ice from the moon -- greatest   discovery in space in thirty years. Harry What'd this cost? Golden Ten million. Quincy Twenty-our million. Harry Boy, I'm in the wrong line of work. So, that's wher taxes go. For  thievin' incompetent, government employed artists? A.J. No torque adjustment, no pressure release valve....a hunk of junk. Quincy We're working on that. Harry What happens if you hit gas? You have three seconds faster, run  like hell, or pray.  (beat) Time's up. You're dead., The rig just blew.  Golden Gentlemen, gentlemen, wait a second. The crux of t matter.... Harry Hang on. I betcha everyone in this room has a PH.D. Golden Or three.... Harry I left school after tenth grade. I earned my PH.D e offshore  drilling holes. You can't get it in a book. Dri holes is about instinct -  about smellin' it. Drillin' ho an art. You want the crux of the matter? (beat) You stole my  patent, and you don't have a goddamn idea h use it. As for this piece o'  crap, don't insult me.  (walks around the rig) I'll rebuild it - the right way - and drill the  hole for Grace Uhm, pop, could we discuss this...? Harry Just give me a space suit. Golden You won't need one. You're not going up. Harry You don't have a choice. I think all you PH.D's kno Harry walks off. Grace and A.J. follow. Golden  (calling after Harry) Harry. Let's figure this out.
46) 0) text: Harry sits opposite Golden and Temple. Grace and A.J. sta behind him. Harry First of all, you're going to buy my patent. Temple Of course, completely in order. What is the price? Harry Fifty million dollars. Uncomfortable pause. Temple clears his throat. Temple Mr. Stamper, this mission is to preserve the futur Harry You're right, too low. I'm still pissed. Seventy mi Temple Done. Harry looks to Grace. Harry Give that money to my Greenpeace buddies.  (smile) Told  you...complicated. Harry goes to shake, pulls back -- Harry  (cont'd) And I never want to pay taxes again. Temple I'll call the I.R.S., try to uhm, explain the situ They begin to shake. Harry withdraws his hand. Harry I have this great log cabin in Montana. It's kind o nature...getaway...thing. Temple You want us to buy that, too? Harry No. I fly fish there. But the fly fishin's sucked e since they put in  that goddamn hydro-electric dam. I wan gone by the time I get back.  Temple reluctantly nods. They stand to shake, Harry pulls again. Harry  (cont'd) Now about my crew. Golden The deal was for you, not others. Harry I'm only as good as the men I work with. The ones i home movies  of yours. Golden It's out of the question. Harry half-smiles to Grace. Golden  (cont'd) Okay, who? Harry :My chief tool pusher. You game A.J.? A.J. Wouldn't it, Harry. Harry And my roughnecks, Roustabouts, and Rockhound? Temple Rock what? Is that a dog? Harry No. Just a meek, geek geophysicist. Golden What kind of men are these?
54) 0) text: Quincy is face-to-face with Golden. TECHS work on the dri arm in the b.g.  Harry and the Roughtnecks are across the Harry That Armadillo car. Get it in here. In rolls the Armadillo, two TECHNICIANS pushing it. Harry guys look at  it. Quincy shows it off. Quincy Pressurised titanium alloy cab. Airlocked life sup The chassis's  by General Motors. Heavy duty suspension a wheel drive.  Harry How were you going to power your drill arm? Quincy Turbo-jet engine fuelled by Kerosene and liquid ox Harry I need to be able to start and stop. I need differe speeds, and I need  reverse. Quincy A jet engine can't do that. Harry It can if it's hooked up to a clutch. A.J., get me truck  transmission. Quincy That's so simple it's brilliant. Harry I'm a simple man. But don't underestimate me. A.J. Chick, Max! Mack truck tranny! Chick and Max hurry off. A.J. smiles at Harry.
55) 0) text: Harry, A.J., Bennie, Chick, Max, and Tito sit before Quin demonstrates a  series of components on the N.A.S.A. SPAC Quincy The new generation EMU - Extravehicular Mobility U provides oxygen  for seven hours, a pressurised enclosure temperate control. The gloves and  helmet slide  on and l a twist, like this. The cap is worn underneath. It  conta mike and headphones for two-way communication. We'll be a see  you from a small  video cam mounted inside the helme Undergarment has 300 feet  of plastic tubing circulating water. Owen...  OWEN THE TAILOR, five foot nothing &amp; bald, stands in men. Owen These are made for men 5'8" to 6'2", between 140 and pounds. All of  you fit within those parameters - thank G won't have to do any  re-tailoring....  Owen stops because -- Bear and Jimbo stand in the doorway -- JIMBO Yo. This where we get our suits? Bear Sorry, we're late. Doc said we had... What do we got JIMBO Cholesterol difficulties. Said we gotta enter "The Bear Shit, the only zone I know is the one around my mama grill.
66) 0) text: The camera follows up a long ladder to a huge rocket bell where A.J. and  Grace are kissing passionately. They noti and Quincy, and the other  Techs heading for Mission Cont Harry locks eyes with A.J. He doesn't like  it. A.J. and know something is up. They follow Harry and the others in Mission Control. 
69) 0) text: The room is silent. Reports are starting to come in about devastation.  Golden walks up to Harry who is standing wi and A.J. He pulls Harry  aside.  Golden Stamper, answer me one question - have you ever le down? We go close on Harry's face. Searing flashbulbs popping,
74) 0) text: -- Harry shows Quincy his DRAWINGS of the DRILLING ARM - Harry wants it. -- Harry, A.J. and Quincy work with the TURBO PROP ENGINE transforming it into  a JET FUEL GENERATOR. Quincy We'll run your liquid oxygen from the shuttle thro tube into the  intake manifold. No problem. A.J. I figured out how to bring up the slag. Direct the j turbine's exhaust  down the drill pipe. It'll blow the st right up the hole.  Harry Good, A.J. Good. -- Chick, Bennie, Bear, Jumbo welding new pieces of the D ARM together.  The Roughnecks have changed. Chick and Ben have crew-cuts.  -- A.J., Harry, Max and Tito build the drilling arm.
76) 0) text: ONE OF THE ARMADILLOS, complete with drilling arm, sits a bottom of the  tank. Harry and six Roughnecks are already bottom, in pressure suits and  helmets.  Golden, Quincy, Clark, Sharp, Truman, and all of the N.A. BRASS, observe. A.J. is the last to enter the tank.
77) 0) text: A.J. descend to the tank's bottom. Harry, Chick, Bennie, Tito are in  bulky white pressure suits. Jimbo and Bear w largest pressure suits ever  made. They talk through thei radio links.  One drilling arm starts turning. The Roughnecks turn towa STACK OF 20 FOOT  LONG STAINLESS STEEL DRILLING PIPES on tank's bottom. ABOVE WATER - SIDE OF  TRAINING TANK Golden hits a stopwatch. Golden  (into intercom) Go.
79) 0) text: Harry We're on A.J. A.J. Let's see what this baby can do. Harry and A.J. move the Armadillo's AIRLOCK DOOR. It has exterior open/close  button. Harry punches it. The side d opens. Harry enters, then A.J. 
80) 0) text: Harry and A.J., still underwater, climb inside. Harry pre PRESSURIZATION  button. Simulating pressurisation in spac water in the cab is blown out,  and air WHOOSHES IN.  Harry and A.J. sit dripping in the watertight cab. Throug front window WE  SEE the other Roughnecks in the tank. Ha unlocks his neck seals. Pulls off  his helmet.  Harry Lose the helmet, A.J. A.J. snaps out of it. His hands go instinctively to the h and in one  motion...CLICK. It's off. Harry  (clicks radio) We're in. Run the simulation. The interior PRESSURE GUGE NEEDLES and MONITORS  (engine torque, drill direction,  etc.) start bobbing. The drill starts to cut into a BLOCK OF CO Golden  (V.O)
80) 1) text: How's she look? Harry Torque adjuster's good. Fuel level good. A.J., down pressure? A.J. We can do better. I'm increasing the RPM's to seven  thousand. We can get  more torque. Golden  (V.O)
80) 2) text: Negative, A.J. Don't exceed ix thousand. Not on this run. A.J. Relax. I built this thing. She's got more in her. In the RPM's. Golden  (V.O)
80) 3) text: Negative, A.J. A.J. increases the RPM's. The gauge starts rise. The N.A.S.A. Brass shifts  uneasily in their seats. not accoutomed to seeing their astronauts  disobey orders Golden  (V.0)
80) 4) text: (cont'd) A.J., shut the Armadillo down now A.J. We can push it, further. Let's see what she can do. Suddenly, the RPM''s shoot into the red. A red siren spin control room.  The Armadillo SHAKES violently. The DRILLI grinds to nothing. The  Armadillo BLOWS a tranny.  Harry's eyes close. He's pissed.
81) 0) text: Everyone around him just watches, as A.J. climbs out of t After a  minute, A.J. looks up, sees all the eyes in the him. 
82) 0) text: Harry is outside, smoking a Coheba. Harry runs his hand o SMALL METAL MEDAL  that hangs from his neck. Golden appro Golden A.J.'s off the team. We need a list of names from fill the slot. Harry A.J. would be the first name on my list. Golden We don't want independent thinkers. And we don't n heroes. We need a  team. Harry You have to have confidence in the men you send up. understand that.  But I'm the one that has to land on tha Not you.  (firm) I pick my own  team.  Golden One shot. Pull him in line or send him home.
83) 0) text: Harry and A.J. stand in the centre of a high-tech supply SPARE PARTS from  shuttles, PROTOTYPES and WORK TOOLS are everywhere.  Harry You tell me what the hell you think you're doing? A.J. I'm trying to work with the team. Harry Bullshit. You're trying to lead this team. You're t be me.  You're not me. A.J. What do you want? You want me to quit? Harry If you can't bury this cowboy shit, yeah, I want yo quit. A.J. I don't have to prove anything to anybody, Harry. Harry I listen to N.A.S.A., you listen to me. That's the Either you  follow it, or you're done. A.J. I'll follow it. Harry I stood up for you, because I've made a life of pro people wrong. Harry's hand slides down to the medal hanging from his ne Harry  (cont'd) When I was about your age, I was in Galveston, Texas. I s together some money, bought some old equipment, a little set up a rig  and drilled my first hole. Then I sat there watched her soak up the sun for six  months - waiting for baby to pop. Everybody told me to quit. I wouldn't  liste wife ran off with a drill-rigger, left me with Grace. Eve in town thought I  was a fool. But I stayed with it. And last hour of the last day, she  popped. She spit out that gold and I danced in it like a wild Indian.  (reflective ) I  captured the magic  (holding medal) This is the last piece of pipe that struck  gold that day Harry takes off the medal. Sets it on the table. He grabs cutting vice and  cuts the medal in two perfect halves. H one half to A.J.  Harry  (cont'd) Here, take it up there.
83) 1) text: Inside the neutral buoyancy tank -- Harry's crew goes thr DRILLS one  final time  (final mission checks) in quick succession. Everything runs  perfectly. The Arma is rebuilt and shown functioning without error. A.J.  wor part of the team. 
85) 0) text: Two sleek BLACK LEAR JETS are parked on the runway. Harry them. Grace  approaches. Harry You know I was thinking, Gracie. Over the years, I have patted  you on the back more.... Grace Dad, you don't need -- Harry No father has ever been prouder of his child, Graci want you to know  that. Grace's reaction makes it clear that Harry has never said anything like this  before. Grace I love you, Dad. Harry I love you too, Gracie. Grace  (as they hug) Keep an eye on A.J. for me. Harry climbs up the metal stairs -- A.J. and the rest of Harry's crew comes out of the buildi moves to Grace  as she watches her father disappear into A.J. Excuse me.  (Grace turns) You're really insanely gorgeous and I was jost  sort of  wondering if you --  Grace I'm engaged. But my father hasn't given him his ble you might  still have a chance.  (smiles, then serious) Promise me you won't do anything  stupid up there. A.J. nods. They kiss passionately. Harry's crew sees this applauds. Grace  blushes, embarrassed. A.J. I love you, Grace. Grace I love you. Come back, Okay? Harry's crew boards LEAR JET 2. A.J. starts toward LEAR J Grace watches him  walk away, eyeing his suit. Grace A.J.--
85) 1) dialog: (turning) Yeah? Grace When you get back, ask them if you can kep the suit (winks) It's kind of  sexy.
86) 0) text: The cone-shaped noses of the two X-71's are towering silh against the  sun. Massive CRAWLERS move the shuttles to t launch tower.  EXT. SHUTTLES FREEDOM &amp; INDEPENDENCE LAUNCH - DAY Seen from a distance as silhouettes behind a sun-soaked s sixteen figures  walk toward us. As they grow closer, WE intense game faces of Harry,  A.J., Bennie, Chick, Jumbo, Rockhound, Max and others approaching the  launch site. T like N.A.S.A.'s version of the "Dirty Dozen."  Harry carries a LARGE MYSTERIOUS METAL CASE, that we've n before now.
91) 0) text: Sharp and Watts settle in. MAJORS PITTS and FISK, two ste demolition  experts, finish tying down their equipment. Mission Control  (V.O)
111) 0) text: THE GAUGE STARTS TO rise. A.J. WATCHES. One hundred eight five...190...195...
111) 1) dialog: (into intercom) Lev, the pressure's climbing.
114) 0) text: A.J. reacts to the KLAXON, starts to climb up the shaft l A.J. struggles  under the heavy weight of his cold suit, reaching --- 
115) 0) text: Lev, Sharp, and Chick RUN into the hub as the leak contin growing rapidly  worse, EATING the walls. Sharp sees the Runs back toward the docking port.  Lev  (to Sharp) Seal door. As Sharp SEALS the hatch, Lev returns to look for A.J.
117) 0) text: A.J. runs through another corridor, heading for the docki as the walls  around him POP! Lev files around the corner smashing into A.J. 
121) 0) text: Everything is SIDEWAYS. Lev is KNOCKED to the ground. A H COMPUTER BOARD  falls, separating A.J. and Lev. Attempting to reach A.J., Lev turns back and runs from wh just came.
122) 0) text: A.J. looks left, then right. He doesn't know how to get t docking port. He  starts running.
124) 0) text: A.J. is at the corridor fork. Right or left? The Russian above both  paths doesn't help. Just as he's about to go Lev suddenly appears, grabs  A.J., and PUSHES HIM into th
125) 0) text: Sharp  (to Watts as he sits and buckles up) Shut the doors and fire her up! Watts We still have people out there. Sharp It's them or ALL OF US. CLOSE THE DOORS NOW! As the doors are closing, Harry and Chick rush into Shutt Freedom. Harry's  fingers grab the doors just in time. Th retract back.  Harry Did A.J. make it? Chick I didn't see him.
128) 0) text: A.J. and Lev are running hard as DEBRIS falls behind them walls start to  TEAR APART. They turn a corner, headed to docking port -- 
129) 0) text: Harry is at the door, eyes frantically searching for A.J. Sharp WE GO NOW! Sharp stabs a button on his pilot console. The AUTOMATED BEGIN to slide  shut.
131) 0) text: A.J. and Lev race into the docking port from a rear corri Harry sees them.  Lev dives into Independence just as the close. A.J. dives head-long  through the shutting Indepen doors. 
134) 0) text: A.J. sits panting on the floor of the shuttle next to the port door. Lev  stares down at him. Lev I am Cosmonaut Lev Andropov, what your name? A.J. My name is A.J. Lev You just blew up my home.
138) 0) text: The two Shuttles approach THE MOON, Freedom in the lead,  Independence following. Beyond the Moon, too distant to see clearly, THE ASTEROID its trajectory  toward Earth. It is a HUGE, GRAGGY MASS  surrounded on all sides by a DEBRIS  CLUSTER of rock and ice glinting on and off in reflected sunlight, like  mill fireflies. 
142) 0) text: A.J., Lev, Bennie, Jimbo and Tito buckle on harnesses. Be looks at A.J.  nervously.
157) 0) text: A.J., Lev, Bennie, Jimbo, and Tito get slammed back by th wave of  G-Forces. 
161) 0) text: A.J. and Bennie's distorted faces, likewise, go through t G-Force  exercises, tensing every muscle.
174) 0) text: The fuselage is spinning. A.J., Bennie and the others are terror. In the  cockpit, Truman SCREAMS over the radio Truman Houston, MAYDAY, MAYDAY, we're going down!  The Shuttle's roof collides with a rock. We hear SCRAPING The CEILING  dents in, dislodging INTERIOR CEILING PANELS with wires and electrical  components; they rain down on the others.  Choas. The SPARKING CABIN fills with smoke.  Truman Crew, go to life support!  Everyone grabs for their HELMET, frantically trying to ge on. A.J. gets  his on, but he can't lock his neck seal. H fidgets with the little SEAKL LOCKS.  A.J. rips off the helmet. It slips from his fingers and f off through the  zero-g cabin!  A.J. Goddamn it!  A.J. throws off his seat harnesses and goes after his hel zero-gravity,  the sides of the twirling cockpit revolve A.J. as he moves. 
176) 0) text: AT THE BACK OF THE CABIN - A.J. reaches his helmet and  frantically gets it back  on. The fuselage is still twirl around him.  Bennie, strapped in and freaking out, throws off his seat and bolts for  the SAFETY EMERGENCY HATCH equipped with E
181) 1) text: We lost her. CAMERA TIGHT ON HARRY. He's lost men before, many men on rigs. But not  A.J..... Chick  (O.S.)
194) 2) dialog: (grabs the radio) Freedom, come in, over. Freedom, come in, over....  Freed (shaking head) It's you and me.  A.J. smashes the radio in frustration. 
201) 0) text: Lev is sitting on the ground, head in his hands, complete demoralised. Lev I feel like Skywalker Luke when he learn Darth Vader father. What I  should do? A.J. Get up, we got work to do. Lev A.J., let me cash in my chips. A.J. Lev, we're getting off this rock, if I have to drag the whole  way.  (off Lev's look) Now get up!  A.J. walks into the Independence cargo bay, detached from nose section. Then  climbs into Independence's Armadillo.
204) 0) text: The Armadillo, engine rumbling, is poised to roll Indepen long tubular  NUCLEAR WEAPON which has been ejected with debris from the broken  fuselage.  Lev Wait A.J.! We drive over nuclear weapon and we finish before we started.  A.J. So move it.  Lev jams a pipe between the ARMING DEVIC and the nuke. As rolls the nuke  over, the arming device detaches, rips of clatters to the ground. 
206) 0) text: The ARMADILLO blasts through the cargo bay door. A.J. and roll off away from  the Independence.  A.J. cranes his neck looking out through the Armadillo. A with THRE TALL  SPIRES is in the distance, ringed with LI Freedom's FLOOD LIGHTS.  A half-smile from A.J hope. 
211) 0) text: A.J.'s ARMADILLO rumbles over a little hill revealing the WTH THREE SPIRES  directly in front of them. THE SUN is m over the asteroid's FAR HORIZON,  causing a "sunrise." It breathtaking, spiritual...and frighteningly bright. 
212) 0) text: A.J. Over the hill. Suddenly, the ground under the vehicle shakes sharply. A. the Armadillo. The ground around the vehicle heaves up and down. The GRO SPLITS. One  TECTONIC PLATE rises 15 feet in the air. The breaks like a wave, up and  down. 
214) 0) text: The asteroid shakes violently, throwing A.J. and Lev arou cab. ROCKS BANK  down on the Armadillo's top and hood. Th ASTEROID SURFACE continues splitting  apart across the sl fall line. 
214) 1) dialog: The asteroid RUMBLES a few more seconds, then the quake s stops. All is  stll. 
214) 2) dialog: (cont'd) Let's take a look. 
215) 0) text: Lev gets out; he nervously paces back and forth across th the fissure.  Lev This bad.  (repeating, mantra) Darth Vader. Darth Vader.  A.J. Listen, Mr. Negative. Everyone thinks we're dead. We So, suck it  up. Because if we don't drill that hole, six people are going to die.  And I'm not lettin' Harry Stamp all the freaking credit for saving the world.  (firm) We're gona do this, then we're going home.  Lev I l-o-v-e this American confidence! Like John Wayne.  (sotto) This why I  suspect you won Cold War.  A.J. Hep me get these rocks over there.  A.J. and Lev start dragging rocks to use as a "kicker ram the jump. Lev is  oblivious. They pull embedded rock out, revealing DIAMONDS. A.J. holds up a  large chunk. 
215) 1) dialog: (cont'd) This outta cut into a sweet wedding ring.  Lev  (holding chunk) With this I can rebuild my MIR. 
217) 0) text: A.J. is walking along the GAPING, JAGGED FISSURE, 50 feet 50 feet deep,  stretching across the entire slope.  Lev This bad, this very bad, very, very bad...  A.J. Stick a cork in it, Lev. I'm tryin' to think.  A.J. stares at the fissure, his eyes roaming from the  fissure...to the  Armadillo...back to the fissure. 
217) 1) dialog: (cont'd) Hop on the back. Get our weight distributed better.  Lev  (uncertain) And why to do this?  A.J. Because I'm askin'. And turn your suit's thrusters o Trust me, okay?  A.J. gets in the Armadillo. Lev goes around back, climbs REAR BUMPER. He  clicks off his pressure suit's pro-gravi thrusters.  Lev Okey-doke.  The Armadillo begins backing down the slope. 
218) 0) text: A.J. throws it in neutral. The Armadillo stops.  A.J. Hey, Lev, we're gonna see what this Porche engine ca He throws it in drive. The Armadillo lurches ahead. 
219) 0) text: The Armadillo's REAR TIRES CHURN FORWARD, slinging rocks gravel which, in  zero-g, shoot off in a stream into spac falling. Lev holds on for dear  life.  A.J.'S Armadillo churns up the slope like a Bronco 4X4, s gravel, heading  for THE JAGGED FISSURE. It FLIES over th fissure's edge as -- 
220) 0) text: -- A.J. punches the Armadillo's PRO-GRAVITY THRUSTER "OFF
223) 0) text: Lev looks down. The FISSURE passes beneath him, then SOLI again. They've  cleared the fissure....but they're not co down.  Lev A.J., up is bad! Down! 
224) 0) text: A.J. punches the PRO-GRAVITY THRUSTER "START" SWITCH. Not
226) 0) text: The Armadillo continues lifting into space, from which th no return. A.J.  toggles the "start" switch. The swtich's
228) 0) text: A.J., lying sideways, keeps toggling the thruster START S The indicator  light finally FLASHES "IN" and A.J. rams i drive -- 
230) 0) text: A.J., shaken, takes a deep breath and gets out. 
231) 0) text: A.J. walks to the rear. Lev splayed out 50 feet from the the Armadillo,  covered in asteroid surface dirt and grim up at him.  Lev Very bad idea, A.J. 
252) 0) text: Silence. A stark tableau. Harry and the men standing ther watching.  Devastated, confused, in shock. This is a tota catastrophe. The mission is  over.  Sharp nods to Pitts. Pitts picks up the REMOTE NUCLEAR DE Sharp Stamper, you ready to blow this? Let's get outta he Harry ignores him. He won't accept defeat.  Harry Chick, get your butt over here.  Chick drags his ass over to Harry.  Chick Yeah.  Harry We're gonna fix this - make it work. If we weld tho together and  go in one speed....  Chick Harry....  Harry Get your ass up here!  Chick doesn't move. The two men stare at each other.  Chick I've been with you fourteen years. I've never said you, never  thought I would. It's over.  Chick walks off toward the shuttle. Bear joins him.  Harry, atop of the Armadillo, looks around. His head drop burning up.  His fist clenches the HALF MEDALLION in his (where is it - clipped to suit  - in pouch of suit?) His eyes shut tightly. He is going to will victory from He will not give up.  CAMERA'S at low angle, giving Harry a larger-than-life lo Harry hears something. A LOW RUMBLE. It is confusing. It like......an  ARMADILLO ENGINE.  Harry opens his eyes. He slowly turns and looks --  ACROSS THE VALLEY - ON THE DISTANT RIDGE - The front bump A.J.'s Armadillo  inches over the ridge crest.  HARRY, for the first time on the asteroid, smiles. Miracl happen. 
253) 0) text: A.J. and Lev roar up to the drilling site in the Independ Armadillo. They  come down a hill spectacularly without b and it piles into shit, knocking  things down.  Lev and A.J. bounce up to Chick and Bear.....hugs and hig go around.  Bear A.J. Frost. Back from the dead.  Chick Now you can die with us.  Harry All the bits are gone, A.J. I've been inventing dri for  twenty-five years and I don't know what to use.  A.J. You wouldn't happen to need a diamond tipper, would A.J. pulls out the POUCH OF DIAMONDS, found on the ridge. Harry Boys, we're back in business! 
254) 1) text: We have good news folks. A.J. and the Russian just showed other survivors.  Grace shuts her eyes, smiling. Sobbing. 
255) 0) text: Chick shuts off an ARC WELDER and moves aside, letting Ha a DRILL BIT  with A.J.'S DIAMONDS mounted on the top like diamonds in a ring setting. Harry  and the guys smile. 
256) 2) text: --A.J. working the levers on the drill platform.  --Hydraulic tongs clamping, unclamping on pipe.  --Bear hoisting pipe.  --Chick and Bear waiting with connecting pipe.  --The drilling arm going up and down.  --Newly connected drill pipes descending into the hole.  --Harry watching, shouting orders.  --There are serious wind storms, giving Harry, A.J., and other guys  problems. So severe they knock guys across th asteroid. 
258) 0) text: Harry Time, A.J.  A.J. One hour.  Harry Distance, Chick.  Chick Eight hundred and twenty feet, Harry.  Harry We gotta do 180 in thirty minutes.  Chick Downhole pressure's goin' through the roof!  Harry Stop! Shut down.  Chick throws the lever. The drill pipe stops turning.  A.J. Harry, we can't stop.  Harry Got to, kid. No choice.  A.J. Drill right through the pressure to pay dirt.  Harry That's crazy.  A.J. Sometimes crazy works.  Harry and A.J. stare at each other.  Harry Chick, A.J.'s callin' this one.  A.J. Full throttle!  Chick throws the lever. The DRILL PIPE descends on full t
260) 0) text: The HOLE'S finished, the drill pipe's been pulled; A.J. d the ARMADILLO  safely away from the site.  Watts and Sharp roll a GURNEY containing the NUCLEAR DEVI (a massive stainless  steel tube) down Freedom's cargo bay RAMP toward the hole. Harry and Roughnecks stand by the HOLE.  Harry One thousand feet.  Chick  (smiles) Thousand and three, Harry. With a half hour to spare.  Sharp and Watts roll the NUCLEAR DEVICE GURNEY past the  Roughnecks up to the  drilling hole.  Harry Get the pipe and bit outta there.  Chick gets inside the Armadillo. Grabs the stick-shift.  Compresses the clutch  and throws it in reverse.  THE DRILL PIPE begins to reverse out of the hole. 
264) 2) dialog: (cont'd) Maybe I'll ask her again later....  Harry turns around..looking up at the star-filled sky. A. over to  Sharp...who's coming to now.  Harry  (to Golden) Oh yeah, Golden?  Golden  (V.O.)
265) 0) text: A.J, tied to a SAFETY TETHER, comes down the hole with a HELD CUTTER and a  LENGTH OF ROPE. He reaches the obstruc The DRILL PIPE has been mashed,  bent, buckled. Severed e into the sides of the hole. A.J. starts cutting  with the held cutter. 
267) 0) text: The hole shakes. A.J. freezes, sweating.  Harry  (V.O.)
267) 1) text: A.J., we need you. I need everything you got.  A.J. wrestles with the severed pipes, untangling them, ty ROPE to them.  He gives the rope a tug. Chick and Bear, a pull up the broken pipes. 
270) 0) text: A.J. experiences the DEEPEST, MOST SINISTER RUMBLE YET, e form the  asteroid's core, something from hell. There's a horrendous WHOOSHING SOUND.  A WINDSTORM OF PEBBLE, like a blowing tornado, whooshes u the hole,  smashing into A.J.'S FACESHIELD. 
272) 1) dialog: A.J. is whooshed violently out of the hole. 
273) 0) text: PEBBLES AND HOT STEAM BLASTS from the drilling hole. Ever recoils....  Harry Get back!!  A.J. shoots out of the pipe, tethering the SAFETY LINE be him, blowing into  space. The safety tether snaps and RIP A.J. is 70 feet off the surface.  Harry dives for his rip tether. Catching it, inches before A.J.'s thrown into  sp Harry and Bear grab A.J.'s safety tether and begin to pul down. Chick  stares at something O.S., his jaw drops.  Chick This thing definitely doesn't like us.  CHUNKS OF THE ASTEROID, some as big as trucks, others as houses, dislodge  from the ASTEROID SURFACE and, slowly a but with terrifyingly increasing  speed and momentum..... .... they start rolling.  HARRY AND THE GUYS just stand there, disbelieving what th seeing.  On come the ROCKS and ICE CHUNKS, rolling. As they hit sm surface rocks,  they take little hops, and bigger hops, u they are BOUNDING across the  surface. Harry lashes A.J.' to the Armadillo.  Harry and the guys run for their lives.  In the midst of this --  -- A 500 FOOT HIGH GEYSER erupts next to the drilling hol gets blasted  by the geyser, which blows him across the a floor, SLAMMING him into the  parked Armadillo. A BOULDER at Pitts and squashes him against the  ARMADILLO , killin A 20 FOOT ICE BOULDER rolls toward A.J.'s SAFETY TETHER.  A.J., suspended 70 feet off the asteroid surface, looks d the ONCOMING ICE  BOULDER. A.J., terrified, tries to unbu tether, but he can't in time.  The boulder hits A.J.'s tether, rolling over it, flatteni the asteroid  surface, which causes --  --A.J., with a JOLT, to be yanked toward the surface. A.J scrambles with his  safety harness.  Chick, next to the Armadillo, sees A.J.'s plight. He dive inside, engages the  gears. The Armadillo ROARS toward th oncoming ICE BOULDER.  A.J., terrified, continues to descend as --  Chick, driving the Armadillo, rams the ICE BOULDER just a about to roll  over A.J. The boulder hops up, SMASHES dow Armadillo's hood, CRUSHING  the steel compartment around and gently rolls over onto --  A.J., who log-rolls under the Armadillo, as the ice bould WHOMPS down and  keeps rolling.  THE NUCLEAR DEVICE is rolling across the asteroid's surfa Pebbles and debris  CLANGING off the device's REMOTE 
275) 0) text: PAN FROM HARRY...to A.J. to...to Chick....to Lev...to Bea Everyone is huddled  inside the cabin.  The SMASHED REMOTE DETONATOR, a 2000-foot spool-drum of  ELECTRICAL WIRE and a  KNIFE sit on the table.  Sharp  (stoically) I'd trade places with any one of you. But we need two peo fly this mother back. So, we either all stay or you guys Sharp raises a BUNDLE OF ELECTRICAL WIRES in his hand. Th going to draw  straws. The highest tension yet. No one br no one moves.  Sharp Who's first?  (no response) Clockwise then.  Sharp holds the WIRE STRAND BUNDLE in front of Lev.  Lev stares at it. He smiles nervously and reaches...and d The strand is  LONG. Lev exhales. Next...  Chick, Chick stares at the bundle, sweating. He grabs a s Pulls slowly.  LONG. He exhales. Next...  Bear. He stares at the bundle, thinking, choosing. He gra pulls quickly,  decisively. LONG. Two strands remain, and men, Harry and A.J. It's A.J.'s  turn....  A.J. stares at the wire strands - not a bundle now. A.J. in his chair.  The matter will be decided on this last pu looks at Harry. They lock  eyes.  Harry Your turn.  A.J. I ain't gonna draw against you Harry.  Chick  (starts to get up) I can't watch this.  Harry  (stern, hard) Sit down, Chick.  Chick sits down. Harry looks at A.J.  Harry Draw.  A.J. stares at the two strands. Gets used to the idea. He and begins to  pull. Stops. Chooses the other strand. And It is SHORT. A.J. stares at  the SHORT STRAND OF WIRE in hand. We see a fear on his face that gets  covered by a s smile.  A.J. Well, I guess I won. Now I'm the guy who gets to sav Earth.  A.J. takes off the half medallion. Harry takes off his ha medallion.  A.J. We said we'd join these after we drilled the hole. I ain't gonna be  on Earth.  They slide the two halves together to make a whole. Harry A.J. exchange a  long look. 
278) 0) text: A.J. and Harry stand in the airlock, helmets on. Harry ca the two thousand  foot spool-drum of wire. The airlock op Harry and A.J. descend onto the  asteroid. 
280) 0) text: Harry and A.J. approach the NUCLEAR DEVICE. It's half in, out of the  drilling hole, as they left it. Harry and A.J alligator-clamp the end of the  wire spool-drum onto the
281) 0) text: A.J. explodes from the airlock into the cabin.  A.J. Goddamn it, HARRY....!  A.J. lunges for the airlock.  Sharp grabs A.J. with his good arm, helped by Bear..holdi back. 
281) 4) dialog: (pounding on the door)
282) 3) text: (looking at Earth) It's so beautiful up here. So pure.  (swallows  hard) I remember something I read once..."The world is a fine  place...and worth  fighting for."  looks at Earth, smiles Gracie, I'm just an iron-ass-warrior doin'  what's best.  (pause) Take care of A.J. I'll look in on you from time to time.. Harry pulls off the video link. Grace's monitors go black touches the  monitor, as Harry's face fades away.  Her knees buckle. She sinks to the floor. 
297) 0) text: Sharp, Watts, A.J., Lev and Bear watch Harry becoming sma smaller on the  asteroid. 
300) 0) text: They've ascended to a safe distance.  Sharp Something's wrong.  A.J. Don't worry. He'll come through.  Sharp We should have detonation by now.  A.J. Harry doesn't fail.  Sharp We're going back.  A.J. What?  Sharp Every life, that you know, will die....unless that detonated. 
305) 0) text: The detonation ROCKS the cabin. Everyone's violently buff around.  Watts Houston, we have detonation!  Watts fumbles for the reverse switches as the flames from explosion grow  CLOSER....She hits the directional THRUST jamming it as hard as it will  go...the flames bite up at The shuttle veers off toward Earth.  A.J. Harry....  A.J. and the others stare out the cockpit window as the N FISSION  EXPLOSION FLAMES OUT, the halves of the asteroid off. 
310) 0) text: A.J., Chick and Bear unbuckle, begin to rise from seats.  Chick I'm dyin' for a Budweiser.  Sharp Stay seated. Let the medical quarantine trucks set Bear I ain't gettin' another enema from Nurse Ratchet.  A.J., Chick and Bear look at each other.  A.J. What would Harry do?  Bear I think he'd go get a beer. 
312) 0) text: A.J., Chick and Bear walk away from the shuttle. All he N QUARANTINE  MEDICS are looking for them.  Chick What are you lookin' at?  Bear Yeah, okay, you're right, we're the studs who just b the Death  Star.  A wave of fans are held back by MILITARY POLICE.  Sharp, holding his shoulder in pain, is helped across the by Watts. A VET  BYSTANDER comes up to Sharp and drapes a American flag over his shoulders.  Temple, with a huge grin, approaches Sharp. Temple salute Among the masses, Chick catches sight of Denise. Tommy st next to her,  waving a small flag, proud as can be.  Grace runs toward A.J.; he sees her and runs to her.  They fall into each others arms. Grace is crying. A.J. is They kiss.  A.J. looks up at the sky.  A.J. He's up there, Grace. And he'll never die. Will you me? I gotcha a  new rock....  A.J. pulls out one of the DIAMONDS from the asteroid surf big as a  doorknob, about two thousand karats. It glitter sunlight. Grace stares  at it, agog.  As we PULL BACK and CAMERA TILTS TO THE SKIES ABOVE.  Where Harry Stamper's soul remains..... 