33) 0) text: Harry HITS another ball. WE REVEAL his target, a GREENPEA anchored off  the rig. The BALL strikes the side of the b just missing the head of ONE of  the PROTESTERS. Harry Almost caught that little bastard. He admires his shot as his daughter, GRACE, walks up. Gra late 20's,  business dress, Harvard Law. Grace Having fun? Harry HITS another ball. It misses the boat, skips across water. Grace Sure sliced the shit outta that one.  (frowns) Harry Watch your language, Gracie. Grace Seagulls swallow those and they die. Harry Stupid birds. Harry's EYES move to a GROUP OF GREENPEACE PROTESTERS acr rig, being held  back by Stamper Oil SECURITY GUARDS.  Grace I just talked with A.J. Harry Talking to him quite a bit these days.... Grace  (awkward pause) "A" rig's acting up. The drill string kicked twice this   morning, gave Chick a nasty bruise in the head. Harry Good. He's not vulnerable there. Grace Chase Manhatten okayed the bridge financing for the Micronesia Project,  but at 21 percent interest. And Lloy London refuses to underwrite the  Venezuela&gt; Project.. Harry Thieves and cowards, all of 'em. Twist their arms. Grace I am. Harry Keep twisting. Like a pit bull. Grace Oh, and that magazine article - they want some huma interest stuff -  likes and dislikes. "Likes" I said Golf Fishing, Single Malt Scotch, Old  Movies. What about  "Di Harry Any kind of flying and oil company executives. Go d 'em. I  always look better when you're doing the talking. Harry HITS another ball. CLANG. Grace You know you donate 300 grand a year to Greenpeace. Harry smiles at the contradiction. Harry What'd your mother call me? Grace Complicated. Harry Yeah well....I'm complicated. Grace walks off, passing A.J., winking at him. A.J. winks A.J. What's his mood? Grace Complicated. A.J. walks up to Harry. Harry I understand we're having problems with "A" rig. A.J. I'm on top of it  (Harry picks up his bag) Harry, you have a second? Harry Yeah. One. A.J. I'll hurry. I've worked for you for a long time. Harry Twelve years. A.J. And you've been real good to me.... Harry Another company make you an offer, kid? A.J. No. The reason I am here, today, standing here, talk you. I'm  obviously talking to you...but it's, you know, uhh...it's not an  oil-related matter exactly.... Harry You're sweating, A.J. A.J. You know there comes a time in a man's life when... (to himself) No,  that's a clichГ©... (to Harry) Can I start again? I, uhh, fell...I've fallen... Harry You hurt yourself? A.J. In love, I mean. Fallen in love. It's the damnedest but this  person you...know...really well. ACROSS THE PLATFORM - Grace escorts five angry OIL INDUST EXECUTIVES over to  Harry. A KLAXON SOUNDS. Harry, alarme rushes right past them, toward the "A"  Derrick. They fol snapping at his heels Oil Executive 1 You explicitly promised results at 25 tho feet. Harry We have results. Oil Executive 2 But we don't have oil. We've given you ev you've  asked.... Harry Horseshit. What the...? Chick! Bennie! Somebody bet me why the  hell "A" derrick is not turning! Chick hurries up to Harry. Chick The uhh....the Greenpeace guys. Harry approaches "A" Derrick. Five MEMBERS of Greenpeace handcuffed  themselves in a circle around the drilling pi Harry Hey there, what can I do for you? Greenpeace Leader This is an official protest. Harry 'Course it is. I love you guys. You like dolphins a whales, I like 'em  too. Hey, I know you. You too. Didn't have shorter hair? Greenpeace Leader Stamper, do you know what this thing do the eco-system? Harry How'd you get out here? Canoe? Rowboat? Oh, that bo there with a  thousand horsepower diesel! Greenpeace Leader How can you wake up every day and look yourself in the  mirror? Harry The same way you did when you blow-dried your hair morning. And you  used a curling iron, I betcha. Did you most electricity's from burning oil?  I'' stop drillin' w world - stops usin' it. Bennie, start 'er up!  Greenpeace Leader Wait........ Harry Can't wait! I'm a businessman! Those goons over the me 57 mil. to  find oil and they ain't leavin' till I do! they have no lives!  The drill string begins to turn in the hole. Greenpeace Leader We....we threw away the key. Harry Sorry. Time is money. BENNIE! The MASSIVE HYDRAULIC KELLY begins to descend on the Gree Activists'  heads. Greenpeace Leader STOP!!!! Harry Bennie! Third gear! The Greenpeace Leader miraculously produces a key and fra begins  unlocking the handcuffs. Grace turns to the oil executives. Grace He's good at public relations. A.J. approaches Grace; they watch Harry. Grace So?  (A.J. stares at her) What?  (no response) What?  (no response)
36) 0) text: -- the wellhead KICKS again. The rig platform SHUDDERS vi The derrick  sways. SEAWATER SPEWS up from the wellhead.  Chick Get back, she's gonna blow! Grace, Chick, Bennie and the other Roughnecks huddle arou flooded drilling  hole, waiting. Tense, agonising seconds Harry scrambles out, covered in....CRUDE OIL. He grabs Grace and pulls her away. Grace Where's A.J.!!!? Harry RIGHT BEHIND ME! RUN! The platform SHAKES. Harry, Grace, and the others sprint
47) 0) text: Bennie, Chick  (30's, a street philosopher) , Max  (35, hulky) , TITO, and ROCKHOUND   (small, wiry) are riding in high style. Chick is hanging out of the sun with his shirt off. Radio's on full blast. Rockhound's po whiskey from the  fancy decanters.  Chick We're living LARGE! Bennie  (talking on a cellular phone) Give me nickels on Miami, Washington, San  Diego, and Gre (listens) Quit whining. Last thing I need is to be friends  with my bookie.  (listens, then angry)
47) 2) text: Bennie  (cont'd) Look, when the entire Mexican Army had Butch and the Sund Kid trapped in that Hacienda, did they wait to die? Hell went out guns  blazing. I live  by the code of that movie Bennie hangs up the phone, he looks across from him at -- Guevara, late  30's, stocky, tattooed, Latino,  (reformed 118th Street L.A. o.g. gangbanger who  was resc the streets ten years back and put to work on a rig by Ha is reading a book "Men are from Mars, Women are from Venu Chick drops down into his seat, continues his heated disc with Max. Chick Charlie Bronson could kick Steve McQueen's ass and enough left over  to duke it out with Burt Reynolds in hi "Smokey and the Bandit" period.  Max I'm glad you qualified that shit 'cause you know the Reynolds of  "Deliverence" would have kicked Charlie's as Chick Burt was trouble in that flick. Max What would you say the all-time, slam-bam, take-no-pr kick-ass  Charlie Bronson movie is? Chick All time? Well, let me think. "Dirty Dozen," the fi "Death Wish." No,  no! That movie where he hunted the buf don't remember the name but he  hunted a buffalo and he s three words during the whole picture. That's my  selectio Max Fine. The buffalo movie. That's your pick. You relly that buffalo  Charlie could have thrown-down with the Ste McQueen form "Bullitt?"  Chick He'da whooped his ass and then his father's. We'll this right  now. Rockhound? You heard the debate. You're Supreme Court. What's the final  verdict?  Rockhound Tough call. But for me though, one name -- Ponc Eric  Estrada. You know, "Chips." Chick and Max just look at him. A beat. Then -- Max What did you ask him for? Guy makes his living lookin rocks. The limo pulls over and stops. The DRIVER gets out and wa the rear door.  Opens it.
48) 0) text: The Roughnecks get out in front of the JOHNSON SPACE CENT stare up at  the familiar N.A.S.A. LOGO imprinted on the  building. Chick and Bennie exchange  looks -- 
49) 0) text: Harry has just briefed his crew on the mission. Bear ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MIND? Chick Harry, this is some "Star Wars" shit. This ain't fo Harry It's a job, like any other. Just a different locati Max We work rigs. We understand rigs. We don't know dick being  astronauts. Rockhound  (pointing) I might add that to get us up there they're going to have strap our asses on one of those rockets. That means fire, involuntary shit  release, and a slew of other stuff I ca with.  JIMBO We don't have "The Right Stuff," know what I'm sayi (looking around) We're Roughnecks.  Harry I'd rather die up there fighting this thing than si waiting for it.  Harry's line hangs in the air. Everyone exchanges looks. Bear I don't like the idea of waiting around to croak. It wimpy. Chick If Harry-the-iron-ass is going, I'm going with him. Bear Hell, I'm going just so I can say I went.  (shrugs) Once we get up there,  it's making hole. Tito I'm in.
50) 0) text: Max, Chick, and Tito sit in HOSPITAL SMOCKS on two examin tables. They have  tattoos, long hair. A cigarette dangle Tito's lips. AIR FORCE NURSES are  everywhere. A NURSE cl SWATCH OF HAIR from each of the men. She comes to  Tito. her arm. Takes the scissors from her.  Tito Nobody touches my hair but me. He cuts a SWATCH of hair, gives it to her. A SECOND NURSE front of Max and  Tito. Max You're not taking any more blood. You vampires alread enough to feed  your coven for a year. Nurse  (nasally-voiced) We need to know what substances you've recently  ingested Tito What, uhh, "substances" you talkin' about? Nurse  (matter of fact) Drugs. Ma and Tito eye each other nervously. Head Nurse, HELGA, before Chick  with an ENAMA PROBE and a JAR OF VASELINE.  Chick An Ena-WHAT? Helga Enema. Chick And you want to stick it where? Helga sticks the ENEMA PROBE in a jar of VASELINE. Chick  (cont'd) No way, lady. I came here to drill. Helga So did I.
51) 0) text: Chick sits before a hugely endowed but square female N.A. CLINICAL  PSYCHOLOGIST. Psychologist Say the first two words that come to mind, b with each  letter. Chick Bodacious and....Bountiful.  (she holds up "S") Succulent and Sinful. She holds up the letter "F" and HOLD ON CHICK'S REACTION.
54) 0) text: Quincy is face-to-face with Golden. TECHS work on the dri arm in the b.g.  Harry and the Roughtnecks are across the Harry That Armadillo car. Get it in here. In rolls the Armadillo, two TECHNICIANS pushing it. Harry guys look at  it. Quincy shows it off. Quincy Pressurised titanium alloy cab. Airlocked life sup The chassis's  by General Motors. Heavy duty suspension a wheel drive.  Harry How were you going to power your drill arm? Quincy Turbo-jet engine fuelled by Kerosene and liquid ox Harry I need to be able to start and stop. I need differe speeds, and I need  reverse. Quincy A jet engine can't do that. Harry It can if it's hooked up to a clutch. A.J., get me truck  transmission. Quincy That's so simple it's brilliant. Harry I'm a simple man. But don't underestimate me. A.J. Chick, Max! Mack truck tranny! Chick and Max hurry off. A.J. smiles at Harry.
55) 0) text: Harry, A.J., Bennie, Chick, Max, and Tito sit before Quin demonstrates a  series of components on the N.A.S.A. SPAC Quincy The new generation EMU - Extravehicular Mobility U provides oxygen  for seven hours, a pressurised enclosure temperate control. The gloves and  helmet slide  on and l a twist, like this. The cap is worn underneath. It  conta mike and headphones for two-way communication. We'll be a see  you from a small  video cam mounted inside the helme Undergarment has 300 feet  of plastic tubing circulating water. Owen...  OWEN THE TAILOR, five foot nothing &amp; bald, stands in men. Owen These are made for men 5'8" to 6'2", between 140 and pounds. All of  you fit within those parameters - thank G won't have to do any  re-tailoring....  Owen stops because -- Bear and Jimbo stand in the doorway -- JIMBO Yo. This where we get our suits? Bear Sorry, we're late. Doc said we had... What do we got JIMBO Cholesterol difficulties. Said we gotta enter "The Bear Shit, the only zone I know is the one around my mama grill.
62) 0) text: The Roughnecks are getting dressed. Max  (to Chick) We're going to go pound some brews where they have a lot sweaty, naked women. You in? Chick  (shakes head) No. I got to take care of something. The Roughnecks walk out, leaving Chick behind.
63) 0) text: Chick walks up to the house, KNOCKS. DENISE WILLIAMS answ door. Chick Hey, Denise. Denise What do you want, Chick? A big six-year old boy, TOMMY, runs up behind his mom. Tommy Who is it, Mommy? Chick looks at Tommy, smiles. Denise It's um...just a salesman, honey. Chick Hi. Tommy  (looking straight up) You look like big foot. Chick kneels, extends his hand. Tommy smiles and shakes i doesn't want  to let go. Chick I got a feeling you're going to be pretty big yours Denise Go  inside and play, Tommy. Tommy Okay, mommy. 'Bye, Big Foot. Chick 'Bye, Tommy. Chick watches Tommy run off. He looks to Denise. Denise What was I supposed to tell him? We've got a life now, Chick, with  someone we can depend on. Chick What I did before was wrong. Every day of my life I it. I can see  you've got a good thing going, Denise, I'm trying to mess that up. But this  thing's come my  way an the chance to do something really right.  Denise This another one of your scams, Chick? Chick It's no scam. You might just be proud of me. Denise opens the door a little wider, SHE SEES the car in driveway. The  N.A.S.A. logo stencilled on the door. The Tech waiting.  Denise What's going on, Chick? Chick I can't tell you now. But if it comes out good, I'l back.  (beat) Then maybe you'd consider telling Tommy I'm not a...sales It's good to see  you. You look really  beautiful.  Chick turns and walks away. Denise Hey, Chick.  (Chick turns) You be careful.
73) 0) text: Morning after the devastating disaster in Shanghai. Harry into the quiet  room. Harry's all business.  Harry Forty thousand people died last night. But I guess didn't concern  any of you. I hope you all had a good tim night.  The Roughnecks look around. They know there were wrong. Chick I gotta tell you...I'm scared. Harry Well, you should be scared. We all should be. 'Caus fail, they  say the Earth will die. Harry sits down, looks out the window at N.A.S.A. Techs w in the room down  below. Harry You think these N.A.S.A. guys are a bunch of clean- pussies, that's  it. They can out think you, they can out This job, gentlemen, is as real  as it gets. I need every you.  (he looks them in the eye) If you're not up to it,  then walkout of that door.  Finally. Theo and Pearl, frustrated, go to the TWO-WAY MI blocking Jimbo  from view. Theo I'm hungry! When're we gonna eat? Pearl I have p.m.s.!! I need some ibuprofen! Jimbo grabs Randy's legal pad and writes:
74) 0) text: -- Harry shows Quincy his DRAWINGS of the DRILLING ARM - Harry wants it. -- Harry, A.J. and Quincy work with the TURBO PROP ENGINE transforming it into  a JET FUEL GENERATOR. Quincy We'll run your liquid oxygen from the shuttle thro tube into the  intake manifold. No problem. A.J. I figured out how to bring up the slag. Direct the j turbine's exhaust  down the drill pipe. It'll blow the st right up the hole.  Harry Good, A.J. Good. -- Chick, Bennie, Bear, Jumbo welding new pieces of the D ARM together.  The Roughnecks have changed. Chick and Ben have crew-cuts.  -- A.J., Harry, Max and Tito build the drilling arm.
77) 0) text: A.J. descend to the tank's bottom. Harry, Chick, Bennie, Tito are in  bulky white pressure suits. Jimbo and Bear w largest pressure suits ever  made. They talk through thei radio links.  One drilling arm starts turning. The Roughnecks turn towa STACK OF 20 FOOT  LONG STAINLESS STEEL DRILLING PIPES on tank's bottom. ABOVE WATER - SIDE OF  TRAINING TANK Golden hits a stopwatch. Golden  (into intercom) Go.
78) 0) text: Bear and Jimbo grab a pipe string and handle onto the moc drill arm. They  clamp it on. Bennie and Chick screw a dr onto the pipe string. They are  good, very good. The work the manic intensity of a pit crew at Indy.  Harry Done!
86) 0) text: The cone-shaped noses of the two X-71's are towering silh against the  sun. Massive CRAWLERS move the shuttles to t launch tower.  EXT. SHUTTLES FREEDOM &amp; INDEPENDENCE LAUNCH - DAY Seen from a distance as silhouettes behind a sun-soaked s sixteen figures  walk toward us. As they grow closer, WE intense game faces of Harry,  A.J., Bennie, Chick, Jumbo, Rockhound, Max and others approaching the  launch site. T like N.A.S.A.'s version of the "Dirty Dozen."  Harry carries a LARGE MYSTERIOUS METAL CASE, that we've n before now.
96) 0) text: Harry, Chick and the others experience their first G-Forc
98) 0) text: Chick  (to Harry) Thirteen months, seven days.  (beat) What the hell has he been  doing all by himself?
113) 0) text: Lev, Sharp, and Chick are walking toward the shuttles. Th ELECTRICITY in the  MIR FLUTTERS. Lev stops. Sharp stops. looks over his shoulder toward the  central hub. A chill down his spine. DOLLY INTO LEV'S EYES -  Lev  (whispering) Leak. Run. Lev and Sharp run toward the central hub. Lev punches a K Lev  (cont'd)
115) 0) text: Lev, Sharp, and Chick RUN into the hub as the leak contin growing rapidly  worse, EATING the walls. Sharp sees the Runs back toward the docking port.  Lev  (to Sharp) Seal door. As Sharp SEALS the hatch, Lev returns to look for A.J.
116) 0) text: Harry and Chick react to the KLAXOX BLARES. Harry Unhook the shuttles. Harry and Chick RUN out of the rear module and race throu maze of twisting  corridors.
119) 0) text: Harry and Chick race for the DOCKING MODULE as -- BEHIND SECOND MODULE  fills with FIRE and EXPLODES, rocking the Then a third. Fire starts to RIP  THROUGH corridors in th
123) 0) text: Sharp re-joins Bennie and Truman. They unhook the FUEL LI the shuttles.  Sharp and Chick run aboard Shuttle Freedom boards Independence. 
125) 0) text: Sharp  (to Watts as he sits and buckles up) Shut the doors and fire her up! Watts We still have people out there. Sharp It's them or ALL OF US. CLOSE THE DOORS NOW! As the doors are closing, Harry and Chick rush into Shutt Freedom. Harry's  fingers grab the doors just in time. Th retract back.  Harry Did A.J. make it? Chick I didn't see him.
136) 0) text: Harry, Bear, Chick, and Sharp stand looking out the cockp window toward  the brilliant blue Earth. Bear What are you thinking about, Chick? Chick My kid. You. Bear My Mom, she'd be proud to see me as an astronaut. Chick Harry, what are you thinking? Harry  (looking at Earth) How beautiful it is. Thinkin' about all that oil I  sucke and spit into the air.Funny how a man can live 46 years a realize  he ain't been doing the right thing. 
141) 0) text: Harry, Chick, Bear, and Max finish buckling into their se restraints and  harnesses.
144) 0) text: THE LUNAR SURFACE completely fills the cockpit windshield lost sight of  the oncoming asteroid. Sharp Visual contact with target lost, Houston. IN THE REAR CABIN - Harry, Chick, Bear, and Max stare in the  ever-approaching Moon.
156) 0) text: Harry, Chick, Bear, and Max get hit with the first G-Forc Their torsos press  back against their seats. They flex t arms, breathing deeply, expanding  their chest cavities a were taught in training.  Harry I hate to fly, I hate to fly, I hate to fly....
160) 0) text: Excruciating, gut-wrenching, turn-your-intestines-inside- Forces. HARRY and  CHICK'S FACIAL MUSCLES distort hideous their rubbery cheeks and lips flatten  out. They continue exercises, tensing every muscle, trying to keep blood  fl evenly distributed. 
181) 1) text: We lost her. CAMERA TIGHT ON HARRY. He's lost men before, many men on rigs. But not  A.J..... Chick  (O.S.)
181) 2) text: Harry, Harry, Jesus Christ, this can't happen.... Harry snaps out of it, turns to Chick. Harry It did happen. They're gone. Deal with it. We got a work to do. Harry unharnesses himself and rises.
183) 0) text: Chick, Bear, and Max prepare to disembark, donning helmet glove assemblies,  clicking neck and wrist seals into loc position.  Harry comes into the cockpit. Watts is flipping switches reading gauges.  Sharp's on the radio. A haze fills the c Watts Engine ignition system isn't responding.
187) 0) text: Chick, at the Armadillo's controls, engages gears. 
188) 0) text: The Armadillo rumbles out of the cargo bay, carrying Bear Rockhound and  Pitts over the wheel wells.  The Armadillo drives 50 yards from Freedom and parks. The hop down, turning  on their PRO-GRAVITY THRUSTERS. Bear b off-loading 20-foot long DRILLING  PIPES.  Harry takes readings from a SEISMIC INSTRUMENT. Pulls out SAMPLER, a  small shovel on a telescoping shaft. He digs with his boot. Clang. It  doesn't dig in at all. He walks stabbing it into the ground. CLANG.  CLANG.  Chick exchanges nervous looks with Bear and Max.  Harry Bedrock. Whole goddamn place is Bedrock.  Harry examines the ground. Not satisfied. He finds a spot likes; digs an "X"  in the soil with his boot.  Harry  (cont'd) Here. Fire up the Bad Boy bit.  Chick, Max and Bear go into action. Max screws the Bad Bo onto the first  drilling pipe. Bear hoists the pipe up to DRILLING MECHANISM, muscles it  onto the DRILL DRIVE, the it on.  Harry plugs a TEE and GOLF BALL into the craggy surface. waggles his club, a  5-IRON HEAD, screwed onto the soil s shaft.  Pitts What's he doing?  Chick Wildcatters are superstitious, Colonel. Harry does every time we  break ground.  He swings....WHACK! The ball rockets off the tee and keep going...and going...  Harry HOLE NUMBER 77. Let 'er rip!  Chick throws a lever, lowering the BAD BOY BIT into the r icy surface. Down  the drill pipe goes, unimpeded, 10 fee like that. It suddenly stops. It's  turning, but not dril Bear and Max approach the drill hole.  Bear What in hell's down there? Harry Chick, bring 'er up! Chick throws it in reverse. The DRILLING ARM reverses out hole. The Bad  Boy bot comes up CHEWED TO SHREDS. Harry a guys examine the drill bit.  Everyone exchanges a worried Max The dream. It's my dream.  Harry Shut up, Max.  (looks at Bear) What's with the look? Get that off your  face. You've see get eaten before.  Bear Not after ten feet.  Chick The first ten better be the worst ten.  Harry Go to the Terminator.  Chick grabs Harry's mysterious METAL CASE. Harry pops ope metal case,  revealing THE TERMINATOR, a super high-tech Harry I designed you. I built you. You are the enemy of a subterranean shit.  You are the king. It's showtime.  Harry passes it to Bear, who screws it onto the drilling Rockhound scoops  up a COLLECTION OF DOWNHOLE ROCK CHIPS. Harry  (cont'd) Hit it, Chick.  The DRILL PIPE turns. Sediment comes WHOOSHING out of the and -- THE DRILL  PIPE descends like a bitch. 
195) 0) text: Chick and Bear screw on a new length of drill pipe. Chick the gears. The  drill pipe descends. THE TERMINATOR is wo Harry approaches from the  shuttle.  Harry How far?  Chick Almost 60 feet and startin' to kick ass!  Suddenly GRRRR. CLANG. BANG. The drill pipe stops. Harry over to the hole.  Chick  (cont'd) That did not sound good.  Harry Increase r.p.m.  Chick throws the lever. The drill pipe turns faster, but doesn,t descend.  Harry and the guys crowd around the dri hole.  Max Freaky, man. Bear I got one of those big-time crappy feelings about th Harry We gotta get more power down to this bit.  (thinks; looks up at Chick) Full throttle. Chick You sure? Harry Yeah, I'm sure. Chick I don't think she can take it. Harry She's gonna have to. Chick The last time we ran her at full throttle we ripped Harry I don't have time to argue, Chick, now goddamn it, up, or I'll  come up there and do it for you. Chick reluctantly throws the lever to FULL THROTTLE. The ENGINE ROARS.  The DRILL PIPE turns faster in the hole. T TURBINE ENGINE is shaking the  Armadillo. The drill pipe descending again. Suddenly BANG!! The CLUTCH  rupture, sp the CLUTCH PLATES and GEARS into space. Harry Stop! Chick throws it into reverse. Up comes THE TERMINATOR, CH SHREDS. Bear  and Max look at it, then each other. Very w now.  Bear The Terminator's terminated. Chick The clutch is dead. Harry We're goin' to the second rig. Harry stalks off toward the Shuttle. Harry  (cont'd) We need the second Armadillo. Sharp We'll bring it out to you. Harry moves to get his pipe tongs. Fisk and Pitts are nex uncovered  nuclear bomb. Harry looks at the bomb.
196) 0) text: Chick, Bear and Max listen to Harry over the inter-crew l INTERCUT WITH ABOVE.
197) 0) text: Harry Why don't we cut to the chase, fellahs? What the fu going on with  that other nuke? Harry stares at the nuclear weapon. Sharp Stamper, if you can't drill the hole, we're detonat thing on the  surface.... Chick and the guys eye each other. Harry walks off, pisse off....
199) 0) text: Chick, Bear and Max enter through the airlock. Everyone t stares at  Sharp.  Sharp There's no way in hell you're gonna get that hole d you know it.  Harry Well, it wasn't my scientists that told me about th fucking fire  cracker inside the hand story. Are we deton the surface or are we gonna  drill?  Bear I didn't come up here to die.  Chick I say we drill. They say we have until Zero Barrier Sharp  (freaked out) That hole better be dug in two hours, or we're detonating Whether you're on this godforsaken rock or not!  Harry We're drilling. Harry and his crew file out.
213) 0) text: Here, too, the ground shakes. Bear, terrified, drops a DR PIPE. Max is shaken  to the ground. Chick is nearly thrown off the Armadillo. Chick Clear the rig!!! Chick jumps down, bouncing. Everybody gets the hell away drilling hole.
216) 0) text: Chick, Bear, and Max cautiously approach the drill hole.  Everything seems okay.  Chick climbs back up to the drill platform.  Chick Back to work!  Bear grabs the drill pipe and hoists it... back to work. 
232) 0) text: Harry orders his crew to start the drill up. The men dril shitload of feet in  record time. They finally burst thro rock and hit easy sediment.  The asteroid is spinning toward sunlight. Here, too, ther sunrise. Bear's  face sweats inside the helmet. Chick's v begins to blur. Tito takes a seat  on a nearby rock, exha Chick Mutha...it's getting warm.  Bear  (worried) We got that sunrise, Harry. These bits are gonna fry up.. Suddenly the TRANSMISSION LINKAGE in the Armadillo BLOWS. Harry Goddamn it!  (thinks) We'' take the tranny from the other rig! And if you  wann complain about the heat, go to some other fucking  asteroid....Toughen up.  Sharp  (to Roughnecks) Let's move it.....let's go, guys. 
233) 0) text: Chick and Bear yank the detached good TRANSMISSION HOUSIN inside Armadillo  2 and carry it across to Armadillo 1. 
234) 0) text: Max finishes unbolting the BROKEN TRANSMISSION HOUSING. H it to Chick  who dumps it on the surface. Sharp and Truma with Bear and Chick who feed  in the good transmission ho Max presses the airlock. The doors close and the cabin  pressurises. Max clicks  off his helmet. He begins instal transmission housing and the linkage. 
235) 0) text: Chick and Bear, atop the drilling platform, begin install clutch plates  and transmission linkage.  Harry Move guys, move it.....  Bolting, bolting, bolting, connecting, connecting..... 
238) 0) text: Harry's watching the work. Out of the corner of his eye.. DRILLING ARM  KICKS. Harry turns to it. Nothing happens. move back to Chick and Bear,  then back to the drilling a kicks up again. Just a few inches.  Harry Chick. Unbolt the tranny.  Chick We just put it in.  Harry Do it. NOW.  Chick, confused, starts unbolting the tranny. Suddenly th kicks hard, one  foot high. Chick's jostled. BANG!! The R HARD, THREE FEET, bucking Chick  off.  Chick scrambles back up to the drill platform.  The ground shakes. a terrific TREMBLER rumbles through th valley. Harry, Max  and Bear cling to the side of the Arm Chick's nearly thrown off.  Harry  (cont'd)
240) 0) text: Chick and Harry pull the unfastened TRANNY HOUSING out of Armadillo as -- 
242) 0) text: Suddenly the DRILLING ARM jolts upward, lifting the ARMAD FEET off the  ground.  Chick She's gonna blow!  Harry MAX, GET THE HELL OUT OF THERE!!! 
250) 0) text: FIFTY FEET OF DRILL PIPE, THE DRILLING ARM, and the entir ARMADILLO RIG with  MAX trailing, BLOWS into space. MAX'S a screaming mask of terror and  confusion, reaching out, there's no one to catch him....Harry and the guys  watch helpless silence as the drill rig and Max ascend into spa Chick Max.....No. No. No. 
252) 0) text: Silence. A stark tableau. Harry and the men standing ther watching.  Devastated, confused, in shock. This is a tota catastrophe. The mission is  over.  Sharp nods to Pitts. Pitts picks up the REMOTE NUCLEAR DE Sharp Stamper, you ready to blow this? Let's get outta he Harry ignores him. He won't accept defeat.  Harry Chick, get your butt over here.  Chick drags his ass over to Harry.  Chick Yeah.  Harry We're gonna fix this - make it work. If we weld tho together and  go in one speed....  Chick Harry....  Harry Get your ass up here!  Chick doesn't move. The two men stare at each other.  Chick I've been with you fourteen years. I've never said you, never  thought I would. It's over.  Chick walks off toward the shuttle. Bear joins him.  Harry, atop of the Armadillo, looks around. His head drop burning up.  His fist clenches the HALF MEDALLION in his (where is it - clipped to suit  - in pouch of suit?) His eyes shut tightly. He is going to will victory from He will not give up.  CAMERA'S at low angle, giving Harry a larger-than-life lo Harry hears something. A LOW RUMBLE. It is confusing. It like......an  ARMADILLO ENGINE.  Harry opens his eyes. He slowly turns and looks --  ACROSS THE VALLEY - ON THE DISTANT RIDGE - The front bump A.J.'s Armadillo  inches over the ridge crest.  HARRY, for the first time on the asteroid, smiles. Miracl happen. 
252) 1) dialog: Chick and Bear about ready to enter the Freedom's airlock and turn. They  see A.J.'S ARMADILLO ROARING down the hil onto the drilling site. 
253) 0) text: A.J. and Lev roar up to the drilling site in the Independ Armadillo. They  come down a hill spectacularly without b and it piles into shit, knocking  things down.  Lev and A.J. bounce up to Chick and Bear.....hugs and hig go around.  Bear A.J. Frost. Back from the dead.  Chick Now you can die with us.  Harry All the bits are gone, A.J. I've been inventing dri for  twenty-five years and I don't know what to use.  A.J. You wouldn't happen to need a diamond tipper, would A.J. pulls out the POUCH OF DIAMONDS, found on the ridge. Harry Boys, we're back in business! 
255) 0) text: Chick shuts off an ARC WELDER and moves aside, letting Ha a DRILL BIT  with A.J.'S DIAMONDS mounted on the top like diamonds in a ring setting. Harry  and the guys smile. 
256) 0) text: The NEWLY CREATED DRILL BIT lowers into the drilling hole begins turning. It  CHEWS into the shit down below, WHIRR RIPPING and......descends quickly.  Chick It worked! She's goin' through her like a hot knife butter! 
256) 2) text: --A.J. working the levers on the drill platform.  --Hydraulic tongs clamping, unclamping on pipe.  --Bear hoisting pipe.  --Chick and Bear waiting with connecting pipe.  --The drilling arm going up and down.  --Newly connected drill pipes descending into the hole.  --Harry watching, shouting orders.  --There are serious wind storms, giving Harry, A.J., and other guys  problems. So severe they knock guys across th asteroid. 
258) 0) text: Harry Time, A.J.  A.J. One hour.  Harry Distance, Chick.  Chick Eight hundred and twenty feet, Harry.  Harry We gotta do 180 in thirty minutes.  Chick Downhole pressure's goin' through the roof!  Harry Stop! Shut down.  Chick throws the lever. The drill pipe stops turning.  A.J. Harry, we can't stop.  Harry Got to, kid. No choice.  A.J. Drill right through the pressure to pay dirt.  Harry That's crazy.  A.J. Sometimes crazy works.  Harry and A.J. stare at each other.  Harry Chick, A.J.'s callin' this one.  A.J. Full throttle!  Chick throws the lever. The DRILL PIPE descends on full t
260) 0) text: The HOLE'S finished, the drill pipe's been pulled; A.J. d the ARMADILLO  safely away from the site.  Watts and Sharp roll a GURNEY containing the NUCLEAR DEVI (a massive stainless  steel tube) down Freedom's cargo bay RAMP toward the hole. Harry and Roughnecks stand by the HOLE.  Harry One thousand feet.  Chick  (smiles) Thousand and three, Harry. With a half hour to spare.  Sharp and Watts roll the NUCLEAR DEVICE GURNEY past the  Roughnecks up to the  drilling hole.  Harry Get the pipe and bit outta there.  Chick gets inside the Armadillo. Grabs the stick-shift.  Compresses the clutch  and throws it in reverse.  THE DRILL PIPE begins to reverse out of the hole. 
262) 0) text: The DRILL PIPE turns sloely, retracting from the hole. Be the drilling  platform, is working on something with a wr Bear accidently drops his wrench. It falls on the turbine RIPPED MESH  PROTECTIVE SCREEN and hangs there. Bear look nervously and reaches...THE  WRENCH falls into the turbin spinning at six-thousand r.p.m. With a GRINDING  SQUEAL, wrench shrapnel blows out of the turbine and --  THE DRILLING ARM reverses speeds and VIOLENTLY THRUSTS TH FORWARD,  buckling it. A piece of the drill string is BLO smashing into Sharp's  helmet, spider-webbing his faceshi He's out cold.  Harry and the guys dive away from the hole. Chick, confus works the clutch  furiously to no avail. THE DRILLING ARM THE PIPE back down the hole, where  it BUCKLES, BENDS AND
267) 1) text: A.J., we need you. I need everything you got.  A.J. wrestles with the severed pipes, untangling them, ty ROPE to them.  He gives the rope a tug. Chick and Bear, a pull up the broken pipes. 
273) 0) text: PEBBLES AND HOT STEAM BLASTS from the drilling hole. Ever recoils....  Harry Get back!!  A.J. shoots out of the pipe, tethering the SAFETY LINE be him, blowing into  space. The safety tether snaps and RIP A.J. is 70 feet off the surface.  Harry dives for his rip tether. Catching it, inches before A.J.'s thrown into  sp Harry and Bear grab A.J.'s safety tether and begin to pul down. Chick  stares at something O.S., his jaw drops.  Chick This thing definitely doesn't like us.  CHUNKS OF THE ASTEROID, some as big as trucks, others as houses, dislodge  from the ASTEROID SURFACE and, slowly a but with terrifyingly increasing  speed and momentum..... .... they start rolling.  HARRY AND THE GUYS just stand there, disbelieving what th seeing.  On come the ROCKS and ICE CHUNKS, rolling. As they hit sm surface rocks,  they take little hops, and bigger hops, u they are BOUNDING across the  surface. Harry lashes A.J.' to the Armadillo.  Harry and the guys run for their lives.  In the midst of this --  -- A 500 FOOT HIGH GEYSER erupts next to the drilling hol gets blasted  by the geyser, which blows him across the a floor, SLAMMING him into the  parked Armadillo. A BOULDER at Pitts and squashes him against the  ARMADILLO , killin A 20 FOOT ICE BOULDER rolls toward A.J.'s SAFETY TETHER.  A.J., suspended 70 feet off the asteroid surface, looks d the ONCOMING ICE  BOULDER. A.J., terrified, tries to unbu tether, but he can't in time.  The boulder hits A.J.'s tether, rolling over it, flatteni the asteroid  surface, which causes --  --A.J., with a JOLT, to be yanked toward the surface. A.J scrambles with his  safety harness.  Chick, next to the Armadillo, sees A.J.'s plight. He dive inside, engages the  gears. The Armadillo ROARS toward th oncoming ICE BOULDER.  A.J., terrified, continues to descend as --  Chick, driving the Armadillo, rams the ICE BOULDER just a about to roll  over A.J. The boulder hops up, SMASHES dow Armadillo's hood, CRUSHING  the steel compartment around and gently rolls over onto --  A.J., who log-rolls under the Armadillo, as the ice bould WHOMPS down and  keeps rolling.  THE NUCLEAR DEVICE is rolling across the asteroid's surfa Pebbles and debris  CLANGING off the device's REMOTE 
275) 0) text: PAN FROM HARRY...to A.J. to...to Chick....to Lev...to Bea Everyone is huddled  inside the cabin.  The SMASHED REMOTE DETONATOR, a 2000-foot spool-drum of  ELECTRICAL WIRE and a  KNIFE sit on the table.  Sharp  (stoically) I'd trade places with any one of you. But we need two peo fly this mother back. So, we either all stay or you guys Sharp raises a BUNDLE OF ELECTRICAL WIRES in his hand. Th going to draw  straws. The highest tension yet. No one br no one moves.  Sharp Who's first?  (no response) Clockwise then.  Sharp holds the WIRE STRAND BUNDLE in front of Lev.  Lev stares at it. He smiles nervously and reaches...and d The strand is  LONG. Lev exhales. Next...  Chick, Chick stares at the bundle, sweating. He grabs a s Pulls slowly.  LONG. He exhales. Next...  Bear. He stares at the bundle, thinking, choosing. He gra pulls quickly,  decisively. LONG. Two strands remain, and men, Harry and A.J. It's A.J.'s  turn....  A.J. stares at the wire strands - not a bundle now. A.J. in his chair.  The matter will be decided on this last pu looks at Harry. They lock  eyes.  Harry Your turn.  A.J. I ain't gonna draw against you Harry.  Chick  (starts to get up) I can't watch this.  Harry  (stern, hard) Sit down, Chick.  Chick sits down. Harry looks at A.J.  Harry Draw.  A.J. stares at the two strands. Gets used to the idea. He and begins to  pull. Stops. Chooses the other strand. And It is SHORT. A.J. stares at  the SHORT STRAND OF WIRE in hand. We see a fear on his face that gets  covered by a s smile.  A.J. Well, I guess I won. Now I'm the guy who gets to sav Earth.  A.J. takes off the half medallion. Harry takes off his ha medallion.  A.J. We said we'd join these after we drilled the hole. I ain't gonna be  on Earth.  They slide the two halves together to make a whole. Harry A.J. exchange a  long look. 
302) 0) text: WE MOVE DOWN the faces of the terrified men, looking down craggy  asteroid....  Chick  (unsure) That means we might die too....  Sharp Watts, prepare for re-landing. NOW!!  Watts, frozen with fear, begins hitting switches. 
310) 0) text: A.J., Chick and Bear unbuckle, begin to rise from seats.  Chick I'm dyin' for a Budweiser.  Sharp Stay seated. Let the medical quarantine trucks set Bear I ain't gettin' another enema from Nurse Ratchet.  A.J., Chick and Bear look at each other.  A.J. What would Harry do?  Bear I think he'd go get a beer. 
312) 0) text: A.J., Chick and Bear walk away from the shuttle. All he N QUARANTINE  MEDICS are looking for them.  Chick What are you lookin' at?  Bear Yeah, okay, you're right, we're the studs who just b the Death  Star.  A wave of fans are held back by MILITARY POLICE.  Sharp, holding his shoulder in pain, is helped across the by Watts. A VET  BYSTANDER comes up to Sharp and drapes a American flag over his shoulders.  Temple, with a huge grin, approaches Sharp. Temple salute Among the masses, Chick catches sight of Denise. Tommy st next to her,  waving a small flag, proud as can be.  Grace runs toward A.J.; he sees her and runs to her.  They fall into each others arms. Grace is crying. A.J. is They kiss.  A.J. looks up at the sky.  A.J. He's up there, Grace. And he'll never die. Will you me? I gotcha a  new rock....  A.J. pulls out one of the DIAMONDS from the asteroid surf big as a  doorknob, about two thousand karats. It glitter sunlight. Grace stares  at it, agog.  As we PULL BACK and CAMERA TILTS TO THE SKIES ABOVE.  Where Harry Stamper's soul remains..... 