30) 0) text: Golden Time is our enemy. This is like the race to the Mo - what this  Agency was founded on. Skip Boss, we're good at space travel, but you're talkin' drilling a  hole. Golden Quincy's been working on excavating the ice from t - he's gonna  reorient his thinking. Right, Quince? Quincy Right. And the first thing I'm gonna do is talk to I ripped  off. His name is Harry S. Stamper. He's the bes driller in the world.  Golden I don't care who he is, what he's doing.
33) 0) text: Harry HITS another ball. WE REVEAL his target, a GREENPEA anchored off  the rig. The BALL strikes the side of the b just missing the head of ONE of  the PROTESTERS. Harry Almost caught that little bastard. He admires his shot as his daughter, GRACE, walks up. Gra late 20's,  business dress, Harvard Law. Grace Having fun? Harry HITS another ball. It misses the boat, skips across water. Grace Sure sliced the shit outta that one.  (frowns) Harry Watch your language, Gracie. Grace Seagulls swallow those and they die. Harry Stupid birds. Harry's EYES move to a GROUP OF GREENPEACE PROTESTERS acr rig, being held  back by Stamper Oil SECURITY GUARDS.  Grace I just talked with A.J. Harry Talking to him quite a bit these days.... Grace  (awkward pause) "A" rig's acting up. The drill string kicked twice this   morning, gave Chick a nasty bruise in the head. Harry Good. He's not vulnerable there. Grace Chase Manhatten okayed the bridge financing for the Micronesia Project,  but at 21 percent interest. And Lloy London refuses to underwrite the  Venezuela&gt; Project.. Harry Thieves and cowards, all of 'em. Twist their arms. Grace I am. Harry Keep twisting. Like a pit bull. Grace Oh, and that magazine article - they want some huma interest stuff -  likes and dislikes. "Likes" I said Golf Fishing, Single Malt Scotch, Old  Movies. What about  "Di Harry Any kind of flying and oil company executives. Go d 'em. I  always look better when you're doing the talking. Harry HITS another ball. CLANG. Grace You know you donate 300 grand a year to Greenpeace. Harry smiles at the contradiction. Harry What'd your mother call me? Grace Complicated. Harry Yeah well....I'm complicated. Grace walks off, passing A.J., winking at him. A.J. winks A.J. What's his mood? Grace Complicated. A.J. walks up to Harry. Harry I understand we're having problems with "A" rig. A.J. I'm on top of it  (Harry picks up his bag) Harry, you have a second? Harry Yeah. One. A.J. I'll hurry. I've worked for you for a long time. Harry Twelve years. A.J. And you've been real good to me.... Harry Another company make you an offer, kid? A.J. No. The reason I am here, today, standing here, talk you. I'm  obviously talking to you...but it's, you know, uhh...it's not an  oil-related matter exactly.... Harry You're sweating, A.J. A.J. You know there comes a time in a man's life when... (to himself) No,  that's a clichГ©... (to Harry) Can I start again? I, uhh, fell...I've fallen... Harry You hurt yourself? A.J. In love, I mean. Fallen in love. It's the damnedest but this  person you...know...really well. ACROSS THE PLATFORM - Grace escorts five angry OIL INDUST EXECUTIVES over to  Harry. A KLAXON SOUNDS. Harry, alarme rushes right past them, toward the "A"  Derrick. They fol snapping at his heels Oil Executive 1 You explicitly promised results at 25 tho feet. Harry We have results. Oil Executive 2 But we don't have oil. We've given you ev you've  asked.... Harry Horseshit. What the...? Chick! Bennie! Somebody bet me why the  hell "A" derrick is not turning! Chick hurries up to Harry. Chick The uhh....the Greenpeace guys. Harry approaches "A" Derrick. Five MEMBERS of Greenpeace handcuffed  themselves in a circle around the drilling pi Harry Hey there, what can I do for you? Greenpeace Leader This is an official protest. Harry 'Course it is. I love you guys. You like dolphins a whales, I like 'em  too. Hey, I know you. You too. Didn't have shorter hair? Greenpeace Leader Stamper, do you know what this thing do the eco-system? Harry How'd you get out here? Canoe? Rowboat? Oh, that bo there with a  thousand horsepower diesel! Greenpeace Leader How can you wake up every day and look yourself in the  mirror? Harry The same way you did when you blow-dried your hair morning. And you  used a curling iron, I betcha. Did you most electricity's from burning oil?  I'' stop drillin' w world - stops usin' it. Bennie, start 'er up!  Greenpeace Leader Wait........ Harry Can't wait! I'm a businessman! Those goons over the me 57 mil. to  find oil and they ain't leavin' till I do! they have no lives!  The drill string begins to turn in the hole. Greenpeace Leader We....we threw away the key. Harry Sorry. Time is money. BENNIE! The MASSIVE HYDRAULIC KELLY begins to descend on the Gree Activists'  heads. Greenpeace Leader STOP!!!! Harry Bennie! Third gear! The Greenpeace Leader miraculously produces a key and fra begins  unlocking the handcuffs. Grace turns to the oil executives. Grace He's good at public relations. A.J. approaches Grace; they watch Harry. Grace So?  (A.J. stares at her) What?  (no response) What?  (no response)
35) 0) text: A.J. is pinned against the hole wall by one of the discon pipes. Harry  comes down the hole. He plants his back aga hole wall and kicks the  pipe, freeing A.J. A slow, deep, emanates from below. The Briny water  inside the hole sud turns BLACK and VISCOUS.  A.J. and Harry exchange an alarmed look. Harry, then A.J. for the surface,  up the drilling hole as -- 
36) 0) text: -- the wellhead KICKS again. The rig platform SHUDDERS vi The derrick  sways. SEAWATER SPEWS up from the wellhead.  Chick Get back, she's gonna blow! Grace, Chick, Bennie and the other Roughnecks huddle arou flooded drilling  hole, waiting. Tense, agonising seconds Harry scrambles out, covered in....CRUDE OIL. He grabs Grace and pulls her away. Grace Where's A.J.!!!? Harry RIGHT BEHIND ME! RUN! The platform SHAKES. Harry, Grace, and the others sprint
40) 0) text: A champagne cork POPS and WIDEN TO Harry, Grace, A.J., an fifty Roughnecks.  The wellhead's been capped; pumping 25 gallons per minute.  Harry To Hole Number Seventy-Six! Roughnecks  (UNISON)
40) 1) text: Hole Number Seventy-Six! The Oil Executives stand off, watching. Oil Executive 1 Seventy-Six? Oil Executive 2 This is Harry's Seventy-Sixth straight hi Oil Executive 1 The man's a legend. We hear the WHOP, WHOP, WHOP of HELICOPTER BLADES. Harry, and A.J. turn  toward the noise. TWO U.S. ARMY BLACKHAWK HELICOPTERS whirr across the chop ocean.
41) 0) text: The helicopters land on the heli-pad on the oil rig's top MAJOR STINSON,  50's, wearing formal dress and sunglasses with two strapping ADJUTANTS  stride across the rig.  Major Stinson Harry Stamper? I'm Major William Stinson, U States Army. I  need a few words with you. In private. Harry Say it now, say it quick, or get off my rig, Major. got a business  to run here. Major Stinson You've been summoned back to the States. Harry Who's doin' the summoning? Major Stinson Your Government, Mr Stamper.
43) 0) text: Harry, AJ. and Grace are led into the room by Stinson. Qu eyes move to  Harry -- Quincy He's here. Quincy, Clark and Golden stand, approach -- Quincy  (cont'd) Dan Golden, meet Mister Harry Stamper, the finest oil dri in the world. Golden Mister Stamper.. (shaking hands) Dan Golden, I'm Director of -- Harry I know who you are. I watched T.V. once. Apollo 8, First manned  lunar orbit. Golden That was a long time ago. I run this place now. An got a serious  problem on our hands that Quincy here thin might be able to help us out  with --  Quincy eagerly outstretches his hand. They shake. Quincy let go. Quincy I'm a big fan, Mr. Stamper. Harry I kinda caught that.  (to Golden) What's the problem, gentlemen? Golden I wonder if we might speak alone? Harry These two are my right and left arms. Grace Stamper Albert Jack  Frost. Stupid name, so we call him A.J..  (handshakes) They run my company. You  talk to me, you  talk to them.  Golden Okay. Golden direct everyone into --
44) 0) text: Golden, Temple, Clark, Harry, Grace, and A.J. sit in a da viewing a  VIDEOTAPE. Quincy stands beside the projector, supplying narration. On the tape  we see Harry on a rig p shaking hands with an ARAB BUSINESSMAN --  Harry Great, home movies. Grace and A.J. smile. Quincy Nineteen eighty five. The first well drilled over thousand feet.  They said it couldn't be done. You did it Incredible.  ON THE SCREEN - Harry's on another rig, shaking hands wit INDONESIAN  BUSINESSMAN. Harry leans over and kisses the Businessmen shake their  heads, awed.  Quincy  (cont'd) Nineteen Ninety-One. Directional drilling through two mil anthracite. They also said that couldn't be done. You did Incredible.  Harry looks at Quincy strangely; this sure is a bizarre f celebrity. Quincy  (cont'd) Ninteen Ninety-Three. The first hole over seventy thousan Once again they said -- Golden Move it along, Quincy. Quincy Right, sorry. Mister Stamper, you're the world's f expert in  deep drilling. You hold specialized patents in speed bits, drilling fluids,  downhole motors Can I call Harry?  Harry Stick with Stamper. Golden Well, Mister Stamper, we need you to drill a hole. a difficult  place. Harry I've drilled in them all. Golden Not...this place. This is really out there.  (beat) Space, Mister  Stamper. Harry As in...outer? SATELLITE PHOTOS OF THE ASTEROID come up on the screen -- Temple You've watched the news the last 24 hours? You hea the meteor  shower?  (Harry nods) What you don't know is that an asteroid is on a collision course with  Earth. If it hits us, Earth as we know it wi over.  Golden We're manning a mission to that asteroid to plant nuclear device in  it's core. To do that we need to drill eight hundred foot hole.  Harry looks at A.J. and Grace. Harry A.J., is this guy shitting me? A.J. I don't think they shit people at N.A.S.A., Harry -- Harry An eight hundred foot hole. On a moving asteroid. I Golden All we want is your advice in perfecting our drill any help you  can provide. We'll pay your usual consultan course.   Harry Show me your rig.
45) 0) text: Quincy leads Golden, Harry, A.J., Grace, and Clark throug N.A.S.A.'s Research  and Development area. This place loo "Q's" weapons shop from the James  Bond movies as funded company on the fortune 500 --  Huge, clinically clean, dominated by MASSIVE ROCKET ENGIN TECHNICIANS in  white coats and hairnets work on a variet equipment.  TECHNICIANS hunch over a ROVER VEHICE, not the golf cart the moon. This  is low, squat, sturdy, with an enclosed a passenger compartment.  Quincy The "Armadillo" - our fourth generation rover. It a six-cell  solar engine with 824 horses. This was a join venture with the Germans.  (winks) It's designed by Porsche.  Quincy motions to TWO TECHNICIANS. They roll over a ROBOT on a gurney,  powered by an ELECTRIC MOTOR. The robotic a connected to an OIL DRILLING  BIT.  Harry Where's the Kelly? Quincy This baby works without one. Harry How does it work? Harry starts to inspect the bit. Quincy It works through a series of complexly designed  differential gears. Harry's face tightens, as he studies the bit further -- Harry This is my Patent. Quincy "Drilling Power Transfer Without Conventional Hydr by Harry S.  Stamper. You registered it with the U.S. Pat Office last year.  Harry You stole it. Quincy We just borrowed it, Mister Stamper. Quincy unpockets a remote control panel and presses a but drill bit  presses down into a block of concrete and begi rapidly CHEW through it, as  Harry marvels at the realisa his design. Quincy  (cont'd) We built this arm to mine ice from the moon -- greatest   discovery in space in thirty years. Harry What'd this cost? Golden Ten million. Quincy Twenty-our million. Harry Boy, I'm in the wrong line of work. So, that's wher taxes go. For  thievin' incompetent, government employed artists? A.J. No torque adjustment, no pressure release valve....a hunk of junk. Quincy We're working on that. Harry What happens if you hit gas? You have three seconds faster, run  like hell, or pray.  (beat) Time's up. You're dead., The rig just blew.  Golden Gentlemen, gentlemen, wait a second. The crux of t matter.... Harry Hang on. I betcha everyone in this room has a PH.D. Golden Or three.... Harry I left school after tenth grade. I earned my PH.D e offshore  drilling holes. You can't get it in a book. Dri holes is about instinct -  about smellin' it. Drillin' ho an art. You want the crux of the matter? (beat) You stole my  patent, and you don't have a goddamn idea h use it. As for this piece o'  crap, don't insult me.  (walks around the rig) I'll rebuild it - the right way - and drill the  hole for Grace Uhm, pop, could we discuss this...? Harry Just give me a space suit. Golden You won't need one. You're not going up. Harry You don't have a choice. I think all you PH.D's kno Harry walks off. Grace and A.J. follow. Golden  (calling after Harry) Harry. Let's figure this out.
46) 0) text: Harry sits opposite Golden and Temple. Grace and A.J. sta behind him. Harry First of all, you're going to buy my patent. Temple Of course, completely in order. What is the price? Harry Fifty million dollars. Uncomfortable pause. Temple clears his throat. Temple Mr. Stamper, this mission is to preserve the futur Harry You're right, too low. I'm still pissed. Seventy mi Temple Done. Harry looks to Grace. Harry Give that money to my Greenpeace buddies.  (smile) Told  you...complicated. Harry goes to shake, pulls back -- Harry  (cont'd) And I never want to pay taxes again. Temple I'll call the I.R.S., try to uhm, explain the situ They begin to shake. Harry withdraws his hand. Harry I have this great log cabin in Montana. It's kind o nature...getaway...thing. Temple You want us to buy that, too? Harry No. I fly fish there. But the fly fishin's sucked e since they put in  that goddamn hydro-electric dam. I wan gone by the time I get back.  Temple reluctantly nods. They stand to shake, Harry pulls again. Harry  (cont'd) Now about my crew. Golden The deal was for you, not others. Harry I'm only as good as the men I work with. The ones i home movies  of yours. Golden It's out of the question. Harry half-smiles to Grace. Golden  (cont'd) Okay, who? Harry :My chief tool pusher. You game A.J.? A.J. Wouldn't it, Harry. Harry And my roughnecks, Roustabouts, and Rockhound? Temple Rock what? Is that a dog? Harry No. Just a meek, geek geophysicist. Golden What kind of men are these?
49) 0) text: Harry has just briefed his crew on the mission. Bear ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MIND? Chick Harry, this is some "Star Wars" shit. This ain't fo Harry It's a job, like any other. Just a different locati Max We work rigs. We understand rigs. We don't know dick being  astronauts. Rockhound  (pointing) I might add that to get us up there they're going to have strap our asses on one of those rockets. That means fire, involuntary shit  release, and a slew of other stuff I ca with.  JIMBO We don't have "The Right Stuff," know what I'm sayi (looking around) We're Roughnecks.  Harry I'd rather die up there fighting this thing than si waiting for it.  Harry's line hangs in the air. Everyone exchanges looks. Bear I don't like the idea of waiting around to croak. It wimpy. Chick If Harry-the-iron-ass is going, I'm going with him. Bear Hell, I'm going just so I can say I went.  (shrugs) Once we get up there,  it's making hole. Tito I'm in.
52) 0) text: Harry sits before the Chief Physician, DR. BANKS. Golden out the window.  Dr. Banks, dead-serious, flips through t medical and psychiatric test scores.  Dr Banks Mr. Stamper, your men...are...take Mr. Chappel. believe they call  him Chic. Harry Charles, but if you call him that, he'll kill you. Dr Banks  (nervous laugh) I assume you're joking.  (no response) Your men show  aggression, extreme maladjustment to their surroundings, anti-social behaviour  --  Harry With all due respect, Doctor, I don't know too army who are social  when someone is trying to jam a tube up t butt.  Dr Banks Does your company have a drug testing program? T toxicology  reports are a throwback to the sixties. All s levels of nicotine and  alcohol. Three of the, four show drugs. A couple I had to look up. One of them  had "Kemat a very potent sedative.  Harry A lot of people take sedatives. Dr Banks This one is used on horses. Harry I don't tell my men how to live their lives. They'r me to do a job  and they do it well. Golden This is getting us nowhere. Can they fly, or not? Dr Banks  (flipping through physical records) Failed. Failed. Really failed.  Under the circumstances.. (locks eyes with Golden) They're the finest physical  specimens I've ever seen. 
53) 0) text: Harry's crew walk together in newly issued N.A.S.A. jumps Bear and JIMBO  have ripped the sleeves and collars off t Large suits.  They walk past two N.A.S.A. mathematicians. Mathematician 1  (to mathematician 2) We're screwd.
54) 0) text: Quincy is face-to-face with Golden. TECHS work on the dri arm in the b.g.  Harry and the Roughtnecks are across the Harry That Armadillo car. Get it in here. In rolls the Armadillo, two TECHNICIANS pushing it. Harry guys look at  it. Quincy shows it off. Quincy Pressurised titanium alloy cab. Airlocked life sup The chassis's  by General Motors. Heavy duty suspension a wheel drive.  Harry How were you going to power your drill arm? Quincy Turbo-jet engine fuelled by Kerosene and liquid ox Harry I need to be able to start and stop. I need differe speeds, and I need  reverse. Quincy A jet engine can't do that. Harry It can if it's hooked up to a clutch. A.J., get me truck  transmission. Quincy That's so simple it's brilliant. Harry I'm a simple man. But don't underestimate me. A.J. Chick, Max! Mack truck tranny! Chick and Max hurry off. A.J. smiles at Harry.
55) 0) text: Harry, A.J., Bennie, Chick, Max, and Tito sit before Quin demonstrates a  series of components on the N.A.S.A. SPAC Quincy The new generation EMU - Extravehicular Mobility U provides oxygen  for seven hours, a pressurised enclosure temperate control. The gloves and  helmet slide  on and l a twist, like this. The cap is worn underneath. It  conta mike and headphones for two-way communication. We'll be a see  you from a small  video cam mounted inside the helme Undergarment has 300 feet  of plastic tubing circulating water. Owen...  OWEN THE TAILOR, five foot nothing &amp; bald, stands in men. Owen These are made for men 5'8" to 6'2", between 140 and pounds. All of  you fit within those parameters - thank G won't have to do any  re-tailoring....  Owen stops because -- Bear and Jimbo stand in the doorway -- JIMBO Yo. This where we get our suits? Bear Sorry, we're late. Doc said we had... What do we got JIMBO Cholesterol difficulties. Said we gotta enter "The Bear Shit, the only zone I know is the one around my mama grill.
56) 0) text: Clark briefs Harry and the mildly attentive Roughnecks. S Truman, CO-PILOTS  MEGAN WATTS  (30's, tough as nails) and STAN WESTON stand in the back along with  N.A.S.A. En JACK CROSS and RAYMOND SEARS.  Clark United States astronauts train for eighteen months. have nine days.  Officers Sharp, Truman, Watts and Weston your military instructors and the  only pilots to have fl spacecraft.  (beat) Each is a combat decorated officer  and among the finest women we have in the service. Pay attention to  them.  Sharp We spend six months on emergency training - we're t that out. If  we fail, everyone dies. Game over. That's a load but it's ours to carry.  The purpose of this is to t in the physical and mental rigors of working  in a weight enviroment so that you will not panic. So you can do your (beat) You will vomit.  Your eyes will be sucked into the back o heads. You'll be so  tired you can't eat but that won't m 'cause you'll be so sore you can't  take a dump. By the   way...good morning. 
57) 0) text: Splash, Splash. Harry and the Roughnecks descend underwat look like  Michelin Men in their thick space suits. Navy are around them as they are  lined up.  Through the underwater speaker, WE HEAR a trainer giving instructions for  their weightless aerobic training. WE H loud, embarrassing gastric sound  from Bear's suit.  Bear Houton, we have a problem. That is some vicious meth Harry gives a "shut the fuck up" look. Time passes as the are dying,  HUFFING and PUFFING. One by one, they reach  exhaustion. A cabled harness hoists  each out.
58) 0) text: Harry and his team, in T-shirts and running shorts, jog o series of  threadmills, wired to EKG machines, nostrils t shut, breathing tubes locked  in their mouths. EXT. N.A.S
59) 0) text: The T-38's are pulling up and letting the drill crew out. walk back with  white sweat, soaked faces and wobbly legs exits the plane.  Harry I hate to fly. I hate to fly. I hate it so much. Harry leans over to puke.
61) 0) text: Tracking past a row of stalls, WE SEE the soles of a pair shoes peeking out.  Then another pair, another, and anoth the multiple sounds of guts being  tossed into the toilet Golden, Clark, and Sharp stand outside the stalls. Golden This is like putting the Hell's Angels in space. INT. N.A.S.A. RESEARCH &amp; DEVELOPMENT Harry and the Roughnecks are welding the Armadillo, worki and hard.
65) 0) text: Harry and Quincy go over a list of stuff to order and log problems.  N.A.S.A. Tech rushes into the room. N.A.S.A. Tech Space Command spotted more incoming. Quincy  (springing up) Where' it headed? How big? N.A.S.A. Tech Don't know. They start to run out of the room. Harry follows.
66) 0) text: The camera follows up a long ladder to a huge rocket bell where A.J. and  Grace are kissing passionately. They noti and Quincy, and the other  Techs heading for Mission Cont Harry locks eyes with A.J. He doesn't like  it. A.J. and know something is up. They follow Harry and the others in Mission Control. 
67) 0) text: The room is lit up. Men are scrambling. Phones and satell charts pop up.  Tracking devices PING. Golden on top of t chaos. A TRACKING TECH plots on a  map. Clark stands over N.A.S.A. TECH reading a computer screen.  Golden Projected impact tracking. I need stats! Tracking Tech Eastern Asian Hemisphere... someplace...ETA minutes. N.A.S.A. Tech We have confirmation. The incoming is about size of the  Astrodome. Clark We've got to warn. Golden Warn who? The whole South Pacific? Golden, with lack of sleep and stress, falls back into a He closes his  eyes, opens them -- finding Harry in the u Mission Control Deck. They lock  eyes for a long moment. 
69) 0) text: The room is silent. Reports are starting to come in about devastation.  Golden walks up to Harry who is standing wi and A.J. He pulls Harry  aside.  Golden Stamper, answer me one question - have you ever le down? We go close on Harry's face. Searing flashbulbs popping,
73) 0) text: Morning after the devastating disaster in Shanghai. Harry into the quiet  room. Harry's all business.  Harry Forty thousand people died last night. But I guess didn't concern  any of you. I hope you all had a good tim night.  The Roughnecks look around. They know there were wrong. Chick I gotta tell you...I'm scared. Harry Well, you should be scared. We all should be. 'Caus fail, they  say the Earth will die. Harry sits down, looks out the window at N.A.S.A. Techs w in the room down  below. Harry You think these N.A.S.A. guys are a bunch of clean- pussies, that's  it. They can out think you, they can out This job, gentlemen, is as real  as it gets. I need every you.  (he looks them in the eye) If you're not up to it,  then walkout of that door.  Finally. Theo and Pearl, frustrated, go to the TWO-WAY MI blocking Jimbo  from view. Theo I'm hungry! When're we gonna eat? Pearl I have p.m.s.!! I need some ibuprofen! Jimbo grabs Randy's legal pad and writes:
74) 0) text: -- Harry shows Quincy his DRAWINGS of the DRILLING ARM - Harry wants it. -- Harry, A.J. and Quincy work with the TURBO PROP ENGINE transforming it into  a JET FUEL GENERATOR. Quincy We'll run your liquid oxygen from the shuttle thro tube into the  intake manifold. No problem. A.J. I figured out how to bring up the slag. Direct the j turbine's exhaust  down the drill pipe. It'll blow the st right up the hole.  Harry Good, A.J. Good. -- Chick, Bennie, Bear, Jumbo welding new pieces of the D ARM together.  The Roughnecks have changed. Chick and Ben have crew-cuts.  -- A.J., Harry, Max and Tito build the drilling arm.
75) 0) text: TWO X-71 SHUTTLES in the hanger. TECHNICIANS scramble aro preparing the  shuttles for the mission. Harry  (points) From all of your intel, the deepest fault line is here. T my sweet spot. If I can get a clean hole in there, She'll half....  Golden ....and the two pieces will slide right past us. Y cannot shatter it.  Getting hit with 20 smaller asteroids bad as one big one. You have to  drill, plant the nuke, off, and detonate -- all before the asteroid reaches this position.  (demonstrates position) You have eight hours. Remember it. You must  detonate by point or,  the two halves will hit us.  Harry nods and walks off. Sharp Drill an eight-hundred foot hole in eight hours? Is possible? Harry doesn't like to be questioned -- Harry You just worry about getting me on that rock, Colon me worry  about the drilling. A moment of conflict between them.
76) 0) text: ONE OF THE ARMADILLOS, complete with drilling arm, sits a bottom of the  tank. Harry and six Roughnecks are already bottom, in pressure suits and  helmets.  Golden, Quincy, Clark, Sharp, Truman, and all of the N.A. BRASS, observe. A.J. is the last to enter the tank.
77) 0) text: A.J. descend to the tank's bottom. Harry, Chick, Bennie, Tito are in  bulky white pressure suits. Jimbo and Bear w largest pressure suits ever  made. They talk through thei radio links.  One drilling arm starts turning. The Roughnecks turn towa STACK OF 20 FOOT  LONG STAINLESS STEEL DRILLING PIPES on tank's bottom. ABOVE WATER - SIDE OF  TRAINING TANK Golden hits a stopwatch. Golden  (into intercom) Go.
78) 0) text: Bear and Jimbo grab a pipe string and handle onto the moc drill arm. They  clamp it on. Bennie and Chick screw a dr onto the pipe string. They are  good, very good. The work the manic intensity of a pit crew at Indy.  Harry Done!
79) 0) text: Harry We're on A.J. A.J. Let's see what this baby can do. Harry and A.J. move the Armadillo's AIRLOCK DOOR. It has exterior open/close  button. Harry punches it. The side d opens. Harry enters, then A.J. 
80) 0) text: Harry and A.J., still underwater, climb inside. Harry pre PRESSURIZATION  button. Simulating pressurisation in spac water in the cab is blown out,  and air WHOOSHES IN.  Harry and A.J. sit dripping in the watertight cab. Throug front window WE  SEE the other Roughnecks in the tank. Ha unlocks his neck seals. Pulls off  his helmet.  Harry Lose the helmet, A.J. A.J. snaps out of it. His hands go instinctively to the h and in one  motion...CLICK. It's off. Harry  (clicks radio) We're in. Run the simulation. The interior PRESSURE GUGE NEEDLES and MONITORS  (engine torque, drill direction,  etc.) start bobbing. The drill starts to cut into a BLOCK OF CO Golden  (V.O)
80) 1) text: How's she look? Harry Torque adjuster's good. Fuel level good. A.J., down pressure? A.J. We can do better. I'm increasing the RPM's to seven  thousand. We can get  more torque. Golden  (V.O)
80) 4) text: (cont'd) A.J., shut the Armadillo down now A.J. We can push it, further. Let's see what she can do. Suddenly, the RPM''s shoot into the red. A red siren spin control room.  The Armadillo SHAKES violently. The DRILLI grinds to nothing. The  Armadillo BLOWS a tranny.  Harry's eyes close. He's pissed.
82) 0) text: Harry is outside, smoking a Coheba. Harry runs his hand o SMALL METAL MEDAL  that hangs from his neck. Golden appro Golden A.J.'s off the team. We need a list of names from fill the slot. Harry A.J. would be the first name on my list. Golden We don't want independent thinkers. And we don't n heroes. We need a  team. Harry You have to have confidence in the men you send up. understand that.  But I'm the one that has to land on tha Not you.  (firm) I pick my own  team.  Golden One shot. Pull him in line or send him home.
83) 0) text: Harry and A.J. stand in the centre of a high-tech supply SPARE PARTS from  shuttles, PROTOTYPES and WORK TOOLS are everywhere.  Harry You tell me what the hell you think you're doing? A.J. I'm trying to work with the team. Harry Bullshit. You're trying to lead this team. You're t be me.  You're not me. A.J. What do you want? You want me to quit? Harry If you can't bury this cowboy shit, yeah, I want yo quit. A.J. I don't have to prove anything to anybody, Harry. Harry I listen to N.A.S.A., you listen to me. That's the Either you  follow it, or you're done. A.J. I'll follow it. Harry I stood up for you, because I've made a life of pro people wrong. Harry's hand slides down to the medal hanging from his ne Harry  (cont'd) When I was about your age, I was in Galveston, Texas. I s together some money, bought some old equipment, a little set up a rig  and drilled my first hole. Then I sat there watched her soak up the sun for six  months - waiting for baby to pop. Everybody told me to quit. I wouldn't  liste wife ran off with a drill-rigger, left me with Grace. Eve in town thought I  was a fool. But I stayed with it. And last hour of the last day, she  popped. She spit out that gold and I danced in it like a wild Indian.  (reflective ) I  captured the magic  (holding medal) This is the last piece of pipe that struck  gold that day Harry takes off the medal. Sets it on the table. He grabs cutting vice and  cuts the medal in two perfect halves. H one half to A.J.  Harry  (cont'd) Here, take it up there.
83) 1) text: Inside the neutral buoyancy tank -- Harry's crew goes thr DRILLS one  final time  (final mission checks) in quick succession. Everything runs  perfectly. The Arma is rebuilt and shown functioning without error. A.J.  wor part of the team. 
85) 0) text: Two sleek BLACK LEAR JETS are parked on the runway. Harry them. Grace  approaches. Harry You know I was thinking, Gracie. Over the years, I have patted  you on the back more.... Grace Dad, you don't need -- Harry No father has ever been prouder of his child, Graci want you to know  that. Grace's reaction makes it clear that Harry has never said anything like this  before. Grace I love you, Dad. Harry I love you too, Gracie. Grace  (as they hug) Keep an eye on A.J. for me. Harry climbs up the metal stairs -- A.J. and the rest of Harry's crew comes out of the buildi moves to Grace  as she watches her father disappear into A.J. Excuse me.  (Grace turns) You're really insanely gorgeous and I was jost  sort of  wondering if you --  Grace I'm engaged. But my father hasn't given him his ble you might  still have a chance.  (smiles, then serious) Promise me you won't do anything  stupid up there. A.J. nods. They kiss passionately. Harry's crew sees this applauds. Grace  blushes, embarrassed. A.J. I love you, Grace. Grace I love you. Come back, Okay? Harry's crew boards LEAR JET 2. A.J. starts toward LEAR J Grace watches him  walk away, eyeing his suit. Grace A.J.--
86) 0) text: The cone-shaped noses of the two X-71's are towering silh against the  sun. Massive CRAWLERS move the shuttles to t launch tower.  EXT. SHUTTLES FREEDOM &amp; INDEPENDENCE LAUNCH - DAY Seen from a distance as silhouettes behind a sun-soaked s sixteen figures  walk toward us. As they grow closer, WE intense game faces of Harry,  A.J., Bennie, Chick, Jumbo, Rockhound, Max and others approaching the  launch site. T like N.A.S.A.'s version of the "Dirty Dozen."  Harry carries a LARGE MYSTERIOUS METAL CASE, that we've n before now.
87) 0) text: Harry exits the elevator and start to walk to the CATWAL Freedom shuttle.  Harry carries his suitcase. N.A.S.A. Tech 1 Sir, was that case authorised for transpo N.A.S.A. Tech 2 Our weight to fuel ratio's calibrated to kilogram, sir.  How much does that weigh? Harry Sixty pounds. N.A.S.A. Tech 1 That can't go up with you, sir. Harry Wait here.
88) 0) text: Harry enters the cabin. N.A.S.A.'s crack seven-member "St Team" goes to  work. Harry's crew are outfitted with thei HELMETS and CHUTE PACKS. Each step  is methodical, each p equipment is checked and rechecked.  Harry Hey you. Yeah you. Come here. A YOUNG N.A.S.A. TECH approaches. Harry gestures at a row METAL COMPONENTS  housed in the wall. Harry What's all this crap? N.A.S.A. Technician  (pointing to various) Multi-track C.D. player.  Anti-gravity hand washer, utens washer, and micro-wave oven.  (proud) We worked  hard to make the X-71 feel  more like home.  Harry just looks at the kid.
89) 0) text: Metal components one after the other come out of the shut hatchway and SLAM  into a heap on the lake bed. Harry the appears in the hatchway.  Harry We don't need music and we don't mind dirty utensil Harry picks up his LARGE METAL CASE and ducks back inside Freedom. The  N.A.S.A Techs stare at the ruined component their feet. 
96) 0) text: Harry, Chick and the others experience their first G-Forc
98) 0) text: Chick  (to Harry) Thirteen months, seven days.  (beat) What the hell has he been  doing all by himself?
108) 0) text: Harry, Bennie, and Lev are talking in the combination kit rec room of the  MIR -- a little bigger than a walk-in cl Lev grabs a VIDEO CAMERA and  starts video-taping Harry a Bennie.  Lev I hear rumour on radio. My country broke. No steaks i freezer. They plan  to sell me and the MIR  (moving in closer, conspiratorial) Can you confirm this?  Bennie We wouldn't know. What's the camera? Lev Oh, I also di-rec-tor. Russian cinema. MIR movies. Ea title. Lev grabs remote control. On a large TELEVISION screen VA IMAGES OF LEV  appear. Lev "Lev loves cargo." "Lev sleeps." "Lev prepares for  Americans." "Lev gets  bored so he gets drunk." Funny but long.  Bennie Looks like you have a lot of free time on your han Lev Yeah. I alone by myself. Watts comes into the room. The first woman Lev has seen i very, very long  time. Lev moves the camera all over her. Lev Hello, fellow space colleague. Watts nods. Watts I'll be in the docking port. Lev Please allow me to escort you.  (as they walk out) You California girl?
109) 0) text: Harry and Bennie enter the MIR's rearmost module. Two pro hoses run into  TWIN PROPELLANT OUTPUT VALVES on a rear p Bennie's eyes move to a LAUNDRY  LINE. BOXERS hang from t Bennie This Lev guy is a little off. On the computer board, a small RED LIGHT replaces the GRE LIGHT. Then another.  No one notices.
116) 0) text: Harry and Chick react to the KLAXOX BLARES. Harry Unhook the shuttles. Harry and Chick RUN out of the rear module and race throu maze of twisting  corridors.
119) 0) text: Harry and Chick race for the DOCKING MODULE as -- BEHIND SECOND MODULE  fills with FIRE and EXPLODES, rocking the Then a third. Fire starts to RIP  THROUGH corridors in th
125) 0) text: Sharp  (to Watts as he sits and buckles up) Shut the doors and fire her up! Watts We still have people out there. Sharp It's them or ALL OF US. CLOSE THE DOORS NOW! As the doors are closing, Harry and Chick rush into Shutt Freedom. Harry's  fingers grab the doors just in time. Th retract back.  Harry Did A.J. make it? Chick I didn't see him.
129) 0) text: Harry is at the door, eyes frantically searching for A.J. Sharp WE GO NOW! Sharp stabs a button on his pilot console. The AUTOMATED BEGIN to slide  shut.
131) 0) text: A.J. and Lev race into the docking port from a rear corri Harry sees them.  Lev dives into Independence just as the close. A.J. dives head-long  through the shutting Indepen doors. 
136) 0) text: Harry, Bear, Chick, and Sharp stand looking out the cockp window toward  the brilliant blue Earth. Bear What are you thinking about, Chick? Chick My kid. You. Bear My Mom, she'd be proud to see me as an astronaut. Chick Harry, what are you thinking? Harry  (looking at Earth) How beautiful it is. Thinkin' about all that oil I  sucke and spit into the air.Funny how a man can live 46 years a realize  he ain't been doing the right thing. 
141) 0) text: Harry, Chick, Bear, and Max finish buckling into their se restraints and  harnesses.
144) 0) text: THE LUNAR SURFACE completely fills the cockpit windshield lost sight of  the oncoming asteroid. Sharp Visual contact with target lost, Houston. IN THE REAR CABIN - Harry, Chick, Bear, and Max stare in the  ever-approaching Moon.
154) 0) text: The radio is STATIC. Watts Rockets ready for burn, Willie. Sharp  (over shoulder to Harry and others) Time to suck it up, people. Just  pretend you're on the b roller coaster at Disneyland... (mumbles under breath) ...times a  hundred....  Sharp reaches for the BOOSTER ROCKET SWITCH. He gives Wat last look, then  throws the switch. 
156) 0) text: Harry, Chick, Bear, and Max get hit with the first G-Forc Their torsos press  back against their seats. They flex t arms, breathing deeply, expanding  their chest cavities a were taught in training.  Harry I hate to fly, I hate to fly, I hate to fly....
160) 0) text: Excruciating, gut-wrenching, turn-your-intestines-inside- Forces. HARRY and  CHICK'S FACIAL MUSCLES distort hideous their rubbery cheeks and lips flatten  out. They continue exercises, tensing every muscle, trying to keep blood  fl evenly distributed. 
164) 0) text: Sharp and Watts stare through the windshield at --  THE ASTEROID, below them and dead ahead. We get our first (and only temporary) clear glimpse of the designated landing field, a relative smooth, unobstructed  plane on the asteroid's surface.  Harry is green, looks like he's gonna blow chunks.  Sharp We're awake, we're not pukin'.... (looks over shoulder at Harry) ....well, Harry is. And we got a clear path to the target Houston, over. 
168) 2) text: What is it, Willie?  Sharp Problem, Houston. We've got debris all over us!  REAR OF COCKPIT - Harry and the others, alarmed, are buff around violently. 
178) 0) text: Harry and the Roughnecks are SMASHED around in their seat
180) 0) text: Harry and the others JOLT to a stop. No one moves. No one breathes. It's scary  as hell.  INT. N.A.S.A. - MISSION CONTROL Golden and the other Tech wait  breathlessly for some response. Golden GRABS the mi Golden Freedom. come in.  (no response) Independence, come in . no response) Come in, Freedom. Nothing. Skip buries his face in his hands. Flip chews hi pencil. Golden,  having lost one crew already, twists his ring.  Sharp  (V.O)
181) 0) text: CAMERA PUSHES IN ON HARRY, as he waits for Houston's resp this last  question. Sharp  (V.O)
181) 1) text: We lost her. CAMERA TIGHT ON HARRY. He's lost men before, many men on rigs. But not  A.J..... Chick  (O.S.)
181) 2) text: Harry, Harry, Jesus Christ, this can't happen.... Harry snaps out of it, turns to Chick. Harry It did happen. They're gone. Deal with it. We got a work to do. Harry unharnesses himself and rises.
182) 0) text: Golden looks at Grace. She looks back. A tear slides off cheek to the  console. Harry's daughter doesn't say a wor break down. She just quietly  rises and walks to the back room. Grace rubs her bare ring finger. A  BEAT.  CAMERA SPIES the ZERO BARRIER CLOCK. Seven hours, 52 minu feet drilled.
183) 0) text: Chick, Bear, and Max prepare to disembark, donning helmet glove assemblies,  clicking neck and wrist seals into loc position.  Harry comes into the cockpit. Watts is flipping switches reading gauges.  Sharp's on the radio. A haze fills the c Watts Engine ignition system isn't responding.
185) 0) text: Harry stalks to the rear.  Harry Rockhound.  Rockhound Yes, sir.  Harry I'm gonna get you some surface samples and you're g tell me what I'm  up against.  Rockhound Rocks are my life.  Watts Willie, we might be stuck.  Sharp exchanges grim looks with Pitts and Fisk over this information.  Harry The good news just keeps comin'. Load up, guys.  Sharp watches Harry and the guys exit to the rear. 
186) 0) text: Freedom's cargo door opens; its RAMP unfolds to the aster surface. HARRY  looks out.  Freedom is in a small, cold, dark valley. The asteroid's tilted away  from the Earth and Sun. THE MOON is huge on horizon. The place is  eerily calm and tranquil. Harry wa the ramp onto the asteroid surface. 
188) 0) text: The Armadillo rumbles out of the cargo bay, carrying Bear Rockhound and  Pitts over the wheel wells.  The Armadillo drives 50 yards from Freedom and parks. The hop down, turning  on their PRO-GRAVITY THRUSTERS. Bear b off-loading 20-foot long DRILLING  PIPES.  Harry takes readings from a SEISMIC INSTRUMENT. Pulls out SAMPLER, a  small shovel on a telescoping shaft. He digs with his boot. Clang. It  doesn't dig in at all. He walks stabbing it into the ground. CLANG.  CLANG.  Chick exchanges nervous looks with Bear and Max.  Harry Bedrock. Whole goddamn place is Bedrock.  Harry examines the ground. Not satisfied. He finds a spot likes; digs an "X"  in the soil with his boot.  Harry  (cont'd) Here. Fire up the Bad Boy bit.  Chick, Max and Bear go into action. Max screws the Bad Bo onto the first  drilling pipe. Bear hoists the pipe up to DRILLING MECHANISM, muscles it  onto the DRILL DRIVE, the it on.  Harry plugs a TEE and GOLF BALL into the craggy surface. waggles his club, a  5-IRON HEAD, screwed onto the soil s shaft.  Pitts What's he doing?  Chick Wildcatters are superstitious, Colonel. Harry does every time we  break ground.  He swings....WHACK! The ball rockets off the tee and keep going...and going...  Harry HOLE NUMBER 77. Let 'er rip!  Chick throws a lever, lowering the BAD BOY BIT into the r icy surface. Down  the drill pipe goes, unimpeded, 10 fee like that. It suddenly stops. It's  turning, but not dril Bear and Max approach the drill hole.  Bear What in hell's down there? Harry Chick, bring 'er up! Chick throws it in reverse. The DRILLING ARM reverses out hole. The Bad  Boy bot comes up CHEWED TO SHREDS. Harry a guys examine the drill bit.  Everyone exchanges a worried Max The dream. It's my dream.  Harry Shut up, Max.  (looks at Bear) What's with the look? Get that off your  face. You've see get eaten before.  Bear Not after ten feet.  Chick The first ten better be the worst ten.  Harry Go to the Terminator.  Chick grabs Harry's mysterious METAL CASE. Harry pops ope metal case,  revealing THE TERMINATOR, a super high-tech Harry I designed you. I built you. You are the enemy of a subterranean shit.  You are the king. It's showtime.  Harry passes it to Bear, who screws it onto the drilling Rockhound scoops  up a COLLECTION OF DOWNHOLE ROCK CHIPS. Harry  (cont'd) Hit it, Chick.  The DRILL PIPE turns. Sediment comes WHOOSHING out of the and -- THE DRILL  PIPE descends like a bitch. 
190) 0) text: The rock CHIPS spew into the COLLECTOR in front of ROCKHO Harry looks on.  Harry What do you make of that?  Rockhound picks up several chips. Draws them close to his Rockhound Oh my. Oh my, my, my. This isn't rock. It's uhh uhh,  it's......iron.  Harry Iron deposit?  Rockhound  (shakes head) No. It's been melted. Forged rather. I've only seen  this at a volcano in Hawaii.  (looks up at Harry) You're drilling into a  big slab of cast-iron, Mr. Stampe
191) 0) text: Harry picks up the radio.  Harry Give me Dan Golden. 
191) 2) dialog: 
195) 0) text: Chick and Bear screw on a new length of drill pipe. Chick the gears. The  drill pipe descends. THE TERMINATOR is wo Harry approaches from the  shuttle.  Harry How far?  Chick Almost 60 feet and startin' to kick ass!  Suddenly GRRRR. CLANG. BANG. The drill pipe stops. Harry over to the hole.  Chick  (cont'd) That did not sound good.  Harry Increase r.p.m.  Chick throws the lever. The drill pipe turns faster, but doesn,t descend.  Harry and the guys crowd around the dri hole.  Max Freaky, man. Bear I got one of those big-time crappy feelings about th Harry We gotta get more power down to this bit.  (thinks; looks up at Chick) Full throttle. Chick You sure? Harry Yeah, I'm sure. Chick I don't think she can take it. Harry She's gonna have to. Chick The last time we ran her at full throttle we ripped Harry I don't have time to argue, Chick, now goddamn it, up, or I'll  come up there and do it for you. Chick reluctantly throws the lever to FULL THROTTLE. The ENGINE ROARS.  The DRILL PIPE turns faster in the hole. T TURBINE ENGINE is shaking the  Armadillo. The drill pipe descending again. Suddenly BANG!! The CLUTCH  rupture, sp the CLUTCH PLATES and GEARS into space. Harry Stop! Chick throws it into reverse. Up comes THE TERMINATOR, CH SHREDS. Bear  and Max look at it, then each other. Very w now.  Bear The Terminator's terminated. Chick The clutch is dead. Harry We're goin' to the second rig. Harry stalks off toward the Shuttle. Harry  (cont'd) We need the second Armadillo. Sharp We'll bring it out to you. Harry moves to get his pipe tongs. Fisk and Pitts are nex uncovered  nuclear bomb. Harry looks at the bomb.
196) 0) text: Chick, Bear and Max listen to Harry over the inter-crew l INTERCUT WITH ABOVE.
197) 0) text: Harry Why don't we cut to the chase, fellahs? What the fu going on with  that other nuke? Harry stares at the nuclear weapon. Sharp Stamper, if you can't drill the hole, we're detonat thing on the  surface.... Chick and the guys eye each other. Harry walks off, pisse off....
199) 0) text: Chick, Bear and Max enter through the airlock. Everyone t stares at  Sharp.  Sharp There's no way in hell you're gonna get that hole d you know it.  Harry Well, it wasn't my scientists that told me about th fucking fire  cracker inside the hand story. Are we deton the surface or are we gonna  drill?  Bear I didn't come up here to die.  Chick I say we drill. They say we have until Zero Barrier Sharp  (freaked out) That hole better be dug in two hours, or we're detonating Whether you're on this godforsaken rock or not!  Harry We're drilling. Harry and his crew file out.
207) 0) text: Sharp comes back from the cockpit, carrying the detonator Harry's on the phone  to Golden.  Harry ...You told me that the only way to deal with this crud is to  get a nuke 1000 feet down. You sticking with Golden  (V.O.)
207) 1) text: Firmly.  Harry Great. Glad we have that understanding.  Golden  (V.O.)
207) 2) text: IF you're gonna pull this off, we have to have a little t about time...and temperature. Zero Barrier's in two hours Harry Wait...wait..what about temperature? When did tempe come into the  picture?  Golden  (V.O.)
207) 3) text: Harry, your suits are good upto 150 degrees Celsius....  Harry And...? How hot is it going to get?  Golden  (V.O.)
207) 4) text: We didn't anticipate you being on the asteroid so long. T clock is ticking...  Harry How hot is it going to get?!  Golden  (V.O.)
207) 5) text: Three hundred and fifty degrees.  Harry's face drops.  Harry Thanks for telling us now, Golden....I don't think can handle  those kind of temperatures.... 
208) 0) text: Harry clicks off the radio.  Watts We've still gotta fix this shuttle, Stamper.  Harry Give me some more good news. You've got two new ass who can fix  your shuttle. Bear, Max, hop to it. There's machine they can't fix. We can  handle the hole from here
209) 0) text: The airlock opens. Sharp and Pitts are led out by Harry. Harry Colonel Sharp, if we're going to blow this hole, yo help ME. I  need some more manpower....
215) 0) text: Lev gets out; he nervously paces back and forth across th the fissure.  Lev This bad.  (repeating, mantra) Darth Vader. Darth Vader.  A.J. Listen, Mr. Negative. Everyone thinks we're dead. We So, suck it  up. Because if we don't drill that hole, six people are going to die.  And I'm not lettin' Harry Stamp all the freaking credit for saving the world.  (firm) We're gona do this, then we're going home.  Lev I l-o-v-e this American confidence! Like John Wayne.  (sotto) This why I  suspect you won Cold War.  A.J. Hep me get these rocks over there.  A.J. and Lev start dragging rocks to use as a "kicker ram the jump. Lev is  oblivious. They pull embedded rock out, revealing DIAMONDS. A.J. holds up a  large chunk. 
232) 0) text: Harry orders his crew to start the drill up. The men dril shitload of feet in  record time. They finally burst thro rock and hit easy sediment.  The asteroid is spinning toward sunlight. Here, too, ther sunrise. Bear's  face sweats inside the helmet. Chick's v begins to blur. Tito takes a seat  on a nearby rock, exha Chick Mutha...it's getting warm.  Bear  (worried) We got that sunrise, Harry. These bits are gonna fry up.. Suddenly the TRANSMISSION LINKAGE in the Armadillo BLOWS. Harry Goddamn it!  (thinks) We'' take the tranny from the other rig! And if you  wann complain about the heat, go to some other fucking  asteroid....Toughen up.  Sharp  (to Roughnecks) Let's move it.....let's go, guys. 
235) 0) text: Chick and Bear, atop the drilling platform, begin install clutch plates  and transmission linkage.  Harry Move guys, move it.....  Bolting, bolting, bolting, connecting, connecting..... 
238) 0) text: Harry's watching the work. Out of the corner of his eye.. DRILLING ARM  KICKS. Harry turns to it. Nothing happens. move back to Chick and Bear,  then back to the drilling a kicks up again. Just a few inches.  Harry Chick. Unbolt the tranny.  Chick We just put it in.  Harry Do it. NOW.  Chick, confused, starts unbolting the tranny. Suddenly th kicks hard, one  foot high. Chick's jostled. BANG!! The R HARD, THREE FEET, bucking Chick  off.  Chick scrambles back up to the drill platform.  The ground shakes. a terrific TREMBLER rumbles through th valley. Harry, Max  and Bear cling to the side of the Arm Chick's nearly thrown off.  Harry  (cont'd)
239) 0) text: Max is furiously unbolting the TRANNY HOUSING. There are bolts to go. He  ratches one off....  Max I'm doin' it, I'm doin' it.  Max gets to the last bolt....  Harry  (V.O.)
240) 0) text: Chick and Harry pull the unfastened TRANNY HOUSING out of Armadillo as -- 
242) 0) text: Suddenly the DRILLING ARM jolts upward, lifting the ARMAD FEET off the  ground.  Chick She's gonna blow!  Harry MAX, GET THE HELL OUT OF THERE!!! 
246) 0) text: A DEEP RUMBLING emanates from the drilling hole, coming s from the  ASTEROID'S CORE. Harry gets to his feet and SLA FIST against the  Armadillo's SIDE.  Harry CLEAR THE RIG!  Everyone scatters.... 
250) 0) text: FIFTY FEET OF DRILL PIPE, THE DRILLING ARM, and the entir ARMADILLO RIG with  MAX trailing, BLOWS into space. MAX'S a screaming mask of terror and  confusion, reaching out, there's no one to catch him....Harry and the guys  watch helpless silence as the drill rig and Max ascend into spa Chick Max.....No. No. No. 
252) 0) text: Silence. A stark tableau. Harry and the men standing ther watching.  Devastated, confused, in shock. This is a tota catastrophe. The mission is  over.  Sharp nods to Pitts. Pitts picks up the REMOTE NUCLEAR DE Sharp Stamper, you ready to blow this? Let's get outta he Harry ignores him. He won't accept defeat.  Harry Chick, get your butt over here.  Chick drags his ass over to Harry.  Chick Yeah.  Harry We're gonna fix this - make it work. If we weld tho together and  go in one speed....  Chick Harry....  Harry Get your ass up here!  Chick doesn't move. The two men stare at each other.  Chick I've been with you fourteen years. I've never said you, never  thought I would. It's over.  Chick walks off toward the shuttle. Bear joins him.  Harry, atop of the Armadillo, looks around. His head drop burning up.  His fist clenches the HALF MEDALLION in his (where is it - clipped to suit  - in pouch of suit?) His eyes shut tightly. He is going to will victory from He will not give up.  CAMERA'S at low angle, giving Harry a larger-than-life lo Harry hears something. A LOW RUMBLE. It is confusing. It like......an  ARMADILLO ENGINE.  Harry opens his eyes. He slowly turns and looks --  ACROSS THE VALLEY - ON THE DISTANT RIDGE - The front bump A.J.'s Armadillo  inches over the ridge crest.  HARRY, for the first time on the asteroid, smiles. Miracl happen. 
253) 0) text: A.J. and Lev roar up to the drilling site in the Independ Armadillo. They  come down a hill spectacularly without b and it piles into shit, knocking  things down.  Lev and A.J. bounce up to Chick and Bear.....hugs and hig go around.  Bear A.J. Frost. Back from the dead.  Chick Now you can die with us.  Harry All the bits are gone, A.J. I've been inventing dri for  twenty-five years and I don't know what to use.  A.J. You wouldn't happen to need a diamond tipper, would A.J. pulls out the POUCH OF DIAMONDS, found on the ridge. Harry Boys, we're back in business! 
254) 0) text: Golden stares at the wall. Grace is curled up on a chair corner.  Harry  (V.O.)
255) 0) text: Chick shuts off an ARC WELDER and moves aside, letting Ha a DRILL BIT  with A.J.'S DIAMONDS mounted on the top like diamonds in a ring setting. Harry  and the guys smile. 
256) 2) text: --A.J. working the levers on the drill platform.  --Hydraulic tongs clamping, unclamping on pipe.  --Bear hoisting pipe.  --Chick and Bear waiting with connecting pipe.  --The drilling arm going up and down.  --Newly connected drill pipes descending into the hole.  --Harry watching, shouting orders.  --There are serious wind storms, giving Harry, A.J., and other guys  problems. So severe they knock guys across th asteroid. 
258) 0) text: Harry Time, A.J.  A.J. One hour.  Harry Distance, Chick.  Chick Eight hundred and twenty feet, Harry.  Harry We gotta do 180 in thirty minutes.  Chick Downhole pressure's goin' through the roof!  Harry Stop! Shut down.  Chick throws the lever. The drill pipe stops turning.  A.J. Harry, we can't stop.  Harry Got to, kid. No choice.  A.J. Drill right through the pressure to pay dirt.  Harry That's crazy.  A.J. Sometimes crazy works.  Harry and A.J. stare at each other.  Harry Chick, A.J.'s callin' this one.  A.J. Full throttle!  Chick throws the lever. The DRILL PIPE descends on full t
260) 0) text: The HOLE'S finished, the drill pipe's been pulled; A.J. d the ARMADILLO  safely away from the site.  Watts and Sharp roll a GURNEY containing the NUCLEAR DEVI (a massive stainless  steel tube) down Freedom's cargo bay RAMP toward the hole. Harry and Roughnecks stand by the HOLE.  Harry One thousand feet.  Chick  (smiles) Thousand and three, Harry. With a half hour to spare.  Sharp and Watts roll the NUCLEAR DEVICE GURNEY past the  Roughnecks up to the  drilling hole.  Harry Get the pipe and bit outta there.  Chick gets inside the Armadillo. Grabs the stick-shift.  Compresses the clutch  and throws it in reverse.  THE DRILL PIPE begins to reverse out of the hole. 
262) 0) text: The DRILL PIPE turns sloely, retracting from the hole. Be the drilling  platform, is working on something with a wr Bear accidently drops his wrench. It falls on the turbine RIPPED MESH  PROTECTIVE SCREEN and hangs there. Bear look nervously and reaches...THE  WRENCH falls into the turbin spinning at six-thousand r.p.m. With a GRINDING  SQUEAL, wrench shrapnel blows out of the turbine and --  THE DRILLING ARM reverses speeds and VIOLENTLY THRUSTS TH FORWARD,  buckling it. A piece of the drill string is BLO smashing into Sharp's  helmet, spider-webbing his faceshi He's out cold.  Harry and the guys dive away from the hole. Chick, confus works the clutch  furiously to no avail. THE DRILLING ARM THE PIPE back down the hole, where  it BUCKLES, BENDS AND
263) 0) text: Golden continues looking at the THERMAL IMAGING.  Golden Harry, c'mon, we got thirty minutes. 
264) 0) text: Harry Well, Dan, you're just going to have to goddamn wai
264) 3) text: Go ahead, Harry.  Harry Your shuttle pilot just took a nasty shot from a dr string....  Golden Is he alright?  Harry I hope so, he's gotta get us off this shithole. 
267) 0) text: The hole shakes. A.J. freezes, sweating.  Harry  (V.O.)
273) 0) text: PEBBLES AND HOT STEAM BLASTS from the drilling hole. Ever recoils....  Harry Get back!!  A.J. shoots out of the pipe, tethering the SAFETY LINE be him, blowing into  space. The safety tether snaps and RIP A.J. is 70 feet off the surface.  Harry dives for his rip tether. Catching it, inches before A.J.'s thrown into  sp Harry and Bear grab A.J.'s safety tether and begin to pul down. Chick  stares at something O.S., his jaw drops.  Chick This thing definitely doesn't like us.  CHUNKS OF THE ASTEROID, some as big as trucks, others as houses, dislodge  from the ASTEROID SURFACE and, slowly a but with terrifyingly increasing  speed and momentum..... .... they start rolling.  HARRY AND THE GUYS just stand there, disbelieving what th seeing.  On come the ROCKS and ICE CHUNKS, rolling. As they hit sm surface rocks,  they take little hops, and bigger hops, u they are BOUNDING across the  surface. Harry lashes A.J.' to the Armadillo.  Harry and the guys run for their lives.  In the midst of this --  -- A 500 FOOT HIGH GEYSER erupts next to the drilling hol gets blasted  by the geyser, which blows him across the a floor, SLAMMING him into the  parked Armadillo. A BOULDER at Pitts and squashes him against the  ARMADILLO , killin A 20 FOOT ICE BOULDER rolls toward A.J.'s SAFETY TETHER.  A.J., suspended 70 feet off the asteroid surface, looks d the ONCOMING ICE  BOULDER. A.J., terrified, tries to unbu tether, but he can't in time.  The boulder hits A.J.'s tether, rolling over it, flatteni the asteroid  surface, which causes --  --A.J., with a JOLT, to be yanked toward the surface. A.J scrambles with his  safety harness.  Chick, next to the Armadillo, sees A.J.'s plight. He dive inside, engages the  gears. The Armadillo ROARS toward th oncoming ICE BOULDER.  A.J., terrified, continues to descend as --  Chick, driving the Armadillo, rams the ICE BOULDER just a about to roll  over A.J. The boulder hops up, SMASHES dow Armadillo's hood, CRUSHING  the steel compartment around and gently rolls over onto --  A.J., who log-rolls under the Armadillo, as the ice bould WHOMPS down and  keeps rolling.  THE NUCLEAR DEVICE is rolling across the asteroid's surfa Pebbles and debris  CLANGING off the device's REMOTE 
275) 0) text: PAN FROM HARRY...to A.J. to...to Chick....to Lev...to Bea Everyone is huddled  inside the cabin.  The SMASHED REMOTE DETONATOR, a 2000-foot spool-drum of  ELECTRICAL WIRE and a  KNIFE sit on the table.  Sharp  (stoically) I'd trade places with any one of you. But we need two peo fly this mother back. So, we either all stay or you guys Sharp raises a BUNDLE OF ELECTRICAL WIRES in his hand. Th going to draw  straws. The highest tension yet. No one br no one moves.  Sharp Who's first?  (no response) Clockwise then.  Sharp holds the WIRE STRAND BUNDLE in front of Lev.  Lev stares at it. He smiles nervously and reaches...and d The strand is  LONG. Lev exhales. Next...  Chick, Chick stares at the bundle, sweating. He grabs a s Pulls slowly.  LONG. He exhales. Next...  Bear. He stares at the bundle, thinking, choosing. He gra pulls quickly,  decisively. LONG. Two strands remain, and men, Harry and A.J. It's A.J.'s  turn....  A.J. stares at the wire strands - not a bundle now. A.J. in his chair.  The matter will be decided on this last pu looks at Harry. They lock  eyes.  Harry Your turn.  A.J. I ain't gonna draw against you Harry.  Chick  (starts to get up) I can't watch this.  Harry  (stern, hard) Sit down, Chick.  Chick sits down. Harry looks at A.J.  Harry Draw.  A.J. stares at the two strands. Gets used to the idea. He and begins to  pull. Stops. Chooses the other strand. And It is SHORT. A.J. stares at  the SHORT STRAND OF WIRE in hand. We see a fear on his face that gets  covered by a s smile.  A.J. Well, I guess I won. Now I'm the guy who gets to sav Earth.  A.J. takes off the half medallion. Harry takes off his ha medallion.  A.J. We said we'd join these after we drilled the hole. I ain't gonna be  on Earth.  They slide the two halves together to make a whole. Harry A.J. exchange a  long look. 
278) 0) text: A.J. and Harry stand in the airlock, helmets on. Harry ca the two thousand  foot spool-drum of wire. The airlock op Harry and A.J. descend onto the  asteroid. 
280) 0) text: Harry and A.J. approach the NUCLEAR DEVICE. It's half in, out of the  drilling hole, as they left it. Harry and A.J alligator-clamp the end of the  wire spool-drum onto the
281) 0) text: A.J. explodes from the airlock into the cabin.  A.J. Goddamn it, HARRY....!  A.J. lunges for the airlock.  Sharp grabs A.J. with his good arm, helped by Bear..holdi back. 
281) 5) dialog: Harry turns and walks back to the drilling hole. Sharp lo him.  Sharp This guy really is a hero.... 
282) 0) text: Skip Director? It's Mr. Stamper. He wants to talk to his  daughter.  Golden looks over at Grace. Their eyes meet....  A N.A.S.A. Tech hands Grace a mike and exits. She stares static on the  monitor. Harry's face fades in and out. Gr knows something is very wrong from  her father's strained face. She forces a smile. INTERCUT with Harry  inside the Armadillo Grace Daddy.  Harry  (V.O.)
282) 1) text: Grace. I... (sighs) This is so hard for me. I don't have....  Tears start to well up in her eyes.  Harry  (V.O.)
282) 2) text: (cont'd) ...I just....want you to know how much I love you.  Grace I'm so proud of you, Daddy.  Grace wipes a tear from her face.  Harry  (V.O.)
282) 3) text: (looking at Earth) It's so beautiful up here. So pure.  (swallows  hard) I remember something I read once..."The world is a fine  place...and worth  fighting for."  looks at Earth, smiles Gracie, I'm just an iron-ass-warrior doin'  what's best.  (pause) Take care of A.J. I'll look in on you from time to time.. Harry pulls off the video link. Grace's monitors go black touches the  monitor, as Harry's face fades away.  Her knees buckle. She sinks to the floor. 
283) 0) text: Harry looks at the detonator in hand.  Harry You have three minutes and I'm not waiting. 
285) 0) text: Harry, all business now, situates himself next to the nuk manual detonator  in his hand.  Harry Let's go, Sharp. Get the hell off this rock. I WILL this button. 
290) 0) text: Harry looks irritably at the SHUTTLE'S SPUTTERING THRUSTE Harry Sharp, you better get those engines goin'. 
294) 0) text: Harry is looking at the shuttle. Close-Up on finger ready the trigger.  Harry SHARP, WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING? GET THE HELL OU
296) 0) text: Shuttle Freedom lifts off the asteroid on full REVERSE TH POWER, like a  Harrier jet. It ascends backwards, falling from the asteroid, away from  Earth, toward the Moon.  Harry is a solitary figure, left behind. 
297) 0) text: Sharp, Watts, A.J., Lev and Bear watch Harry becoming sma smaller on the  asteroid. 
298) 0) text: Harry takes his final breaths. Looks around.  Harry All right, son-of-a-bitch, it's just you and me.... Harry's FINGER compresses on the detonator button....  A GEYSER OF STEAM next to the drilling hole BLAT up to fi away. A SECOND  GEYSER, directly underneath Harry, BLOWS. MANUAL DETONATOR flies from  Harry's hand as he's knocked backward --  -- into the drilling hole! 
299) 0) text: Harry falls ass-first down the hole, his PRO-GRAVITY THRU pushing him  further and further down. Harry's FINGERS GO the walls of the hole. He  scissors his legs. HIS BOOTS s the sides. He begins climbing up out of the  hole....We s his air has been punctured. He's losing pressure. He star choke. 
300) 0) text: They've ascended to a safe distance.  Sharp Something's wrong.  A.J. Don't worry. He'll come through.  Sharp We should have detonation by now.  A.J. Harry doesn't fail.  Sharp We're going back.  A.J. What?  Sharp Every life, that you know, will die....unless that detonated. 
301) 0) text: HARRY'S GLOVED HANDS grip the sides of the hole. Then his appears. He  looks across the asteroid surface to the MAN DETONATOR, lying in the dirt.  The nuke has now descended several hundred feet into the
303) 0) text: Harry crawls out of the hole.  The nuke is at the bottom of the hole. Harry runs, gaspin air, bounding  across the asteroid surface, dodging geyse rolling debris. He dives for  the detonator. He stares lo hard. A TEAR wells in his eye. His finger  presses on the detonator...sweat pours over his face....  Harry I beat you.  SLOW-MOTION CLOSE-UP on Harry's finger as it presses the  detonator. 
305) 0) text: The detonation ROCKS the cabin. Everyone's violently buff around.  Watts Houston, we have detonation!  Watts fumbles for the reverse switches as the flames from explosion grow  CLOSER....She hits the directional THRUST jamming it as hard as it will  go...the flames bite up at The shuttle veers off toward Earth.  A.J. Harry....  A.J. and the others stare out the cockpit window as the N FISSION  EXPLOSION FLAMES OUT, the halves of the asteroid off. 
310) 0) text: A.J., Chick and Bear unbuckle, begin to rise from seats.  Chick I'm dyin' for a Budweiser.  Sharp Stay seated. Let the medical quarantine trucks set Bear I ain't gettin' another enema from Nurse Ratchet.  A.J., Chick and Bear look at each other.  A.J. What would Harry do?  Bear I think he'd go get a beer. 
312) 0) text: A.J., Chick and Bear walk away from the shuttle. All he N QUARANTINE  MEDICS are looking for them.  Chick What are you lookin' at?  Bear Yeah, okay, you're right, we're the studs who just b the Death  Star.  A wave of fans are held back by MILITARY POLICE.  Sharp, holding his shoulder in pain, is helped across the by Watts. A VET  BYSTANDER comes up to Sharp and drapes a American flag over his shoulders.  Temple, with a huge grin, approaches Sharp. Temple salute Among the masses, Chick catches sight of Denise. Tommy st next to her,  waving a small flag, proud as can be.  Grace runs toward A.J.; he sees her and runs to her.  They fall into each others arms. Grace is crying. A.J. is They kiss.  A.J. looks up at the sky.  A.J. He's up there, Grace. And he'll never die. Will you me? I gotcha a  new rock....  A.J. pulls out one of the DIAMONDS from the asteroid surf big as a  doorknob, about two thousand karats. It glitter sunlight. Grace stares  at it, agog.  As we PULL BACK and CAMERA TILTS TO THE SKIES ABOVE.  Where Harry Stamper's soul remains..... 