0) 0) text: ‘ A hillside. Addie dressed fin her one, shabby dress wit loose hem. (CONTINUED)
0) 60) dialog: Moze approaches, Looks af Addie. Bless you, child.j Just wanted to pay my respects. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
1) 0) text: Addie's small suitease is inf the back seat. On her lap i the cigar box, well tied. Ag her side is her radio. She wears her overalls and an olf, black cloche hat from her mother's room. They ride in silence. Addie |moves quickly as the spring on the seat stings her rear} She looks dow at it, then straight ahead, as the Fordjbucks and spits and rumbles and manages to move on. Wiihout looking: Buh? ‘Cause I'm goin' that way, honey. He smiles, then locks ahead. And after a moment: (CONTINUED )
1) 7) text: 17 EXT. KANSAS FEED & FLOUR co. The pickup has driven in, a leads Addie with him toward t McCRACKEN, KANSAS to the office shack. Moze offica. -
3) 0) text: Moze takes Addie's arm. She carries her cigar box.
3) 5) dialog: Addie.
3) 7) dialog: (not understanding) Addie Loggins. Thompson reacts. Moze sees the reaction and quickly moves Addie to the door.
4) 0) text: A large, painted sign read: ete., hang on the front of Pord is there with its covered mechanics, is putt has a small, metal pin It's obvious that some c the car, including four b: somberly at the side of t holding her cigar box as s a bill as Moze, quite plea. to the new radiator cap. pleased. “Garage Work", Tires, hubcaps, the wooden structure. The ed up. GROVER, a grease= @ on a new radiator cap. It 1 in it that spins in the wind. ‘\derable work has been done cn nd new tires. Addie is standing garage, watching all this, @ does. Grover begins to add up ed, kicks the tires and then goes la blows. at it. It spins. He's
4) 5) text: looking to Addie. in no time. 27 28
5) 0) text: Moze at the ticket window. The Station Master looks ou HIS Pov - ADDIE at the far end of the depot suitcase, her radio and he:
5) 32) dialog: staring sadly at the railroad tracks. She locks up.
5) 33) text: finishing up the transaction. Then he turns and starts towards CAMERA, PULL BACK to show Addie as he approaches her. Stops in front of her.
6) 3) text: Addie and Moze at the counter. The WAITRESS and a few other CUSTQMERS in b.g. Maze is eating heartily. The RADIO PLAYS. Addie just’sd¥ares at her hot dog and drink. She also looks at their efflections in the mirrer behind the counter,
6) 4) text: Moze has his eyes ort’ the eatress when she's nearby. Then he looks at Addie. / t You worried! bout: coin! on the train? You're gotna like the train. Don't worpy 'bout it. Ain't nobody didn't care for your mama. Your mand was a/fine woman,
6) 13) dialog: How good you Wnow my mama?
6) 15) dialog: You meet herfin a barroom? like that?
6) 16) dialog: I hear Miss Pllie falk to the neighbor lady. They was wonderin! pa.
6) 19) dialog: You my pa? :
6) 85) text: IB (cont'd) “= and he'll makq ya give it to me, ‘cause it's (steam But I don't hav (growl ) Then git it. Moze's fist hits the cougter. It all but rocks the restaurant. Everyone tugna/ again. The Waitress moves to Moze and Addie. How we doin',. have a little finish up our I dunne. hq eats her dog? Addie turns to Moze. H@ looks at her.
7) 0) text: Moze and the Station ter. Addie in b.g.
8) 14) text: The Ford drives stops. Moze @ gold cap over he takes the br ip in front of a small house. The car 3 the little box out of his pocket, slips front tooth -~ as Addie looks on. Then package and gets cut.
8) 16) dialog: looks down at the newspaper. The circled ifem reads; "MORGAN, Rudolph. Age 58. Died suddenly Mond@y at twelve noon. Services at Masonic Lodge 72 Wednesday} Survived by his beloved wife, FEARL." looks puzzle Hears door open, Looks back at Moze. 9/1/72 ai.
8) 52) dialog: looks at the gress. *
8) 69) dialog: turns the pressfupside down, curiously.
8) 71) dialog: Comprehension Mawns. .
8) 82) dialog: reacts, a4,
8) 97) dialog: 
9) 0) text: A tiny room with a sing sitting on the bed. He’ is Listening to The Jac bed and a dresser. Addie is radio is on a bed table. She Benny Progam. Moze has made some make cushions and his coat, nift bed on the floor with te. He is trying to sleep. Ain't you goin'/t'sleep? rs Don't ya wanta fear Jack Benny? Nol She waits a beat, then silent. HOLD for a fe Looks at Moze. rig off the radio. The room is moments, then Addie turns and He 1s facing away from fer. She takes off her shoes. Then she takes off her (ress. Her cloche hat is still tightly on her head. Ske slowly gets into the bed in her underwear, socks and ha}, The light is still on. She reaches for her cigar bdx, opens it, brings out a halif- gmoked cigarette. Ligh Se
10) 1) dialog: watching them. She looks st aight at the read again. Finally, after a few moments Frank D. Rooseyal all feelin' a lot
10) 7) dialog: Y'don't like me do ya? He turns to her. She stares down at her lap. Then he looks straight ahead. A long time passes. Then:
10) 34) text: He says he ta over a month b a Well, ma'am, L' exact date, bu ANGLE ON ADDIE IN THE C. locking towards Moze on the badge. She can see gense that he is in a J edge of the porch. Addie imows there is tro getting heavy. Ihe porch. She sees the man with ze gesturing in b.g. She can as he keeps easing towards the le. We can HEAR the voices
10) 60) text: He turns and starts quickly dgwn the path with Addie.
10) 62) text: Fold on there. Wait one damn minute. Moze and Addie stop, turn. stopa and stares at the two
10) 73) text: He sure did. Hefe it is, right here in gold. (opens fhe box) For somebody caljed Marie. That's her, She is flee Specially made mq get the deluxe model. honey, but we gopta have a little goodness in cur Boul, and considerin' the pircumstances <— Int. THE FORD - MOVING Addie and Moze. Silend®. Moze is confused. He doesn't kmow what he feels, He works at it, though. He looks at | her, Pleased, displeased. Finally: (CONTINUED)
11) 0) text: Moze on the bed, some newspapers at his side. A bottle of pop in his hand as he stareg at Addie. Addie sita on the floor, her hat still on herjhead. She is staring at the radio aa we listen to Fibber McGee and Molly. M 'g VOICE ‘are you sure it Was a pasaenger pigeon, McGee?"
11) 3) text: e closet! He Moze automatically looks at{ the radio as we HEAR McGee's closet door open and the » endless collection of junk inside it falis out. Audiehee LAUGHTER and APPLAUSE. Moze locks at Addie.
12) 0) text: The place is crammed with the various and sundry articles a amall town store. Addie is now sporting a large, yellow ribbon in her hair. d cloche hat in her hand. ‘The ribbon ineongrucus with the regt of her attire. The Saleslady an Moze study her as she ldoks at them with her cold poker f
12) 42) text: PULL BACK to ww Moze and Addie on a front porch. No ceks again. Then, from inside we hear the VOICE of a very disturbed WOMAN, 4 (CONTINUED) ” 60 61 62 . mother of nine ¢! 35.
12) 91) dialog: staring hard at Moze) Mr. Stanley already paid ya for the whole(ithing, don't you remember? Moze stares at her.|Addie hands the Bible to the woman. Moze is not happy.
13) 0) text: . We can see Addie inf b.g. sitting on the Ford's running The door opens revealing MRS. HUFF.
13) 25) dialog: (quekly) Twenty-four dollars. Moze turns and looks at Addie. m4 (CONPINUED) 9/1/72 65 66 664 663 a 38. CONTINUED ;
15) 0) text: The radio PLAYING "Sunny si Up". Addie sober-faced. Moze looking ahead. Sudden (sings) "Keep your sunny s' Hide the side that She looks at him, smiles. HI smiles. She locks ahead, a de up, up... gets blue -= do... ” looks at her == almost ittle disappointed. _ EXT. FaRD driving slowly up the road in r small truck is overloaded deep depths. It passes a destitute family the opposite direction. The and it's clear they're in th 9/1/72 38a. 67
16) 0) text: Addie turns to look back af the family. Moze keeps his eyes on the road.
16) 18) text: ALL right. You want it? Take ny share out, put it jn my pocket 'n station, how's thap? A beat. Suddenly Addie reaches for her cigar box. map, tattered by now. She rant and rave. , you, anyway. Firs too mich, then yo away. you wanta make wanta give it raise a Bible to now it's up toa twenty-four dollars. I stay with you I'll spend the rest of my life jail.
18) 0) text: PAN to FAVOR Addie, seemingly asleep. From outside the do in the hallway we HEAR or opening and some giggling and Moze's voice and a door pdosing and the SOUNDS of Moze an GIRL moving closer to Adglie's door.
18) 10) dialog: She opens her eyes. Finally
19) 1) text: Os 1ifoe . she alts up on one elbow. She She closes the door and puts}the box on the sink. She und the knot in the string and ubwraps it. box. at. and then we see more. mother's room. CAMERA PANS to it and @ see the money there. Then she opens the Wads of — Addie takes out the mom@y and puts it on the sink. Beneath the money is a Layerjof cardboard. She takes it u A coljection she took from her A small bottje of toilet water, an assort- ment of perfumes and cosmetids. A deck of cards. The pack of Camel sigarettes. next to her mother on the f: mother 1s loose, hand on hip, cigarette, and smiles broad Addie stands stiff and strat,
19) 5) text: qnt lawn of their house. ght and ready for battle. And a ghotograph of Addie standing Her Of 1/T2
20) 0) text: at the wheel. CAMERA PA seat. She sits with her looks at her, then looks He turns towards her aga and sniffs again. She 1, leoks forward, then simp ever looking at Addie. 74 thru CMITTED 82
20) 3) dialog: - I AIN'T A poYill Moze looks amused, ts a hand on her and leads her out.
21) 20) dialog: 
21) 27) dialog: Then how come |that man called me "boy"?
21) 33) dialog: Where we go ? (CONTINUED)
21) 39) text: With a twenty? (she rdads it) "Happy birthday |to Addie from Aunt Helen?" TIjfdon't have no Aunt Helen. (pats fis arm arounfl her) Awww; honey. Shre ya do. CAMERA HOIDS as he talks fo her as they move towards the department store.
22) 22) text: Uh-huh. Favor the twenty-dollar bi Sen and toothpaste in a ba to show Addie is now in 1 between her and Moze who g moves off, CAMERA HOIDS oa the Salesgirl. as the Salesgirl puts the Sen and makes change. PULL BACK . There are two CUSTOMERS s his change and his bag and Addie. Finally she 1s up to
23) 0) text: turning the pink sugar. PULL BACK as the CONCESSIONAIRE hands Addie the cotton candy. Addie is dressed in pink an lace and ribbons and new s. CoNCESSTONAIRE Fifteen cents. [| Addie, innocently, opens hier purse. Takes out a five.
23) 1) dialog: You have change for this five? i The Conceasionaire grabs it and gives her change. f
23) 5) dialog: Mister? This gurse is sure full, If you give me back the five, I'll give you five ones. The Concessionaire takes jthe five ones and gives her bac the five. | .
23) 11) text: Addie stops and locks toway
23) 57) dialog: alone, behind a concession. (She opens the envelope and takes out the picture. A A MOVES IN on photo as she looks. It shows Addie sitting alone in the paper moon, legs crossed, looking serious
24) 0) text: Moze enters, looking extremely self-conscious. Addie is o the bed, smoking. Her blacily cloche hat is on -— Addie l at him. Bets obviously hadja few good hours with someone; he clears his throat as he fakes off his coat. Then he looks at her, She at him. I don't want ya gmokin' in the car tomorrow, Addie looks at hin, (CONTINUED)
24) 6) dialog: I didn't say nothin'. I'tm just listenin' to you,
24) 8) dialog: What extre person?
24) 10) dialog: I said what extra person?
24) 12) dialog: I didn't imow we was goin' t! Topeka. ; i
24) 14) dialog: What's the lady" nane?
24) 21) text: Moze moving towards Trixie to give her 2 hand, Moze takes the hat box, moves to the passenger door and looks in the window at Addie as Imogene ets in the back seat. i
24) 25) text: It 4s loaded down. Trixie next to Moze, Imogene and Addie literally stuffed in the ck, 16 Bm. TEE emp = were} ott 4 Moze thinks she's the Jiving end.
24) 40) dialog: stopped for her t' idie) That's right! Anu now we're stoppin! fgr dinner.
24) 41) text: Trixie is talking onja mile a minute, with her mouth full PULL BACK to show Addie moving out the door with hot dogs and soda pop. Imogene sitting on t. ruming board. Addie hands her a hot dog and & pop bottle jand they sit on the rumming board a start to eat. Addieieyes her a few moments. Then:
24) 42) dialog: How old yon? Pause. (shrugs) Nowheres.
24) 43) dialog: Ya gotta be from somewhere,
24) 52) dialog: How come she lpave that job back there? :
24) 54) dialog: She put out mach? IMOGENE . Jus! like a machine, You drop somethin? in, she'll put somethin! out:
24) 55) dialog: How mich she ¢harge?
24) 63) dialog: Why don't you quit?
25) 0) text: Trixie and Moze moving cut cf the store. She is dressed in a ruffly white dress.| Obviously something Moze has bought for her. Addie ahd Imogene waiting giumly. Ch, I just love it, love it, love 4t, all this white, it is absolutely the proper thing for my particular kind of appearance... Looks at Addie) Wouldn't be bad you to have a new dress, tod. Right kind o' dress make allf the difference in a face, ‘specially since you got the right jkind of bone structure. ‘Gourse everything's in the bone structure. Person can figure hig whole life on what his bone strug¢ture is --
25) 12) text: Moze watches Addie a moment, then starts towards her. S halfway up the hill. MOE; (continuing ) Cimon, now! I ain't ready.
25) 16) dialog: No. I won't listen here.
25) 18) dialog: I wanta sit in front. And how ' no more?
25) 24) text: She always ha: eet the alweys has|t'go to bathroom. She |must have @ bladder the sige of a peanut! Well, I ain't dettin' back in that car, Not |'til she gets‘ out of it. Addie holds her ground. ze sees it's futile to talk on. He turns and marches do the hill. We see him get to‘the car. He leans in to to Trixie. Finally she opens her door and gets out. She ipoks up towards Addie. There is . some more talk between them. Reluctantly, Trixie starts u the hillside. She is at in her high heels. Her ankles ~ bend a lot. Imogene is ady in the back of the car. 109
25) 28) text: She waits a moment more, then begins to move closer. How'd ya & & colorin' book, that? Y'like Mickey the Mouse? (stubs her toe) Son of 2 bitch. She hops on her foot. ‘enen limps about for 4 moment. Loo at Addie as she holds Her foot. ec . Now, come on down to the car and we'll alll be friends. See me smile? Let's see ya. smile like your Aunt Trixie. C!mon. C'mon down with Madamazelie. j Addie doesn't move, Trixie takes a deep breath. She moves eloser to Addie, Kicksioff her shoes, Ruhs her feet. Then she looks at Addie:
25) 39) text: They stare at one another. | Finally Addie's hard facade softens. Then we HEAR the orn again. 1lo SHOT ~ MOZE at the car. Looking up. Mi Hey! ¢'moni 111 «HIS Pov - TRIXTE AND ADDIS moving down the hillside. (her old self again) We're somin', baby doll. And if you don't find mej some ol! gas station soon, thip little ol! snowflake's gonna wet her ~ panty~Locas.
25) 40) text: 112 «=6EXT. HOTEL - ANGLE O¥ ADDIE JAND IMOGENE ~- DAY “ waiting with their luggage. | PULL BACK to show a yellow Cadillac drive up in front of them. Trixie and Moze in the front seat. Trixie calis out past Moze. ° RIX Yoo hoo. Leok what we got! Ain't she the sweetest little thing? And don't he lools like a prince ‘hind that wheel? DOLLY into Addie. Her reactica. She quickly opens the cigar bex. Sees that all the money is not there. She is angry. j =,
25) 42) text: edt inne ed « 4 2 commu: | {te We HEAR the horn plowing and Moze and Trixie laughing as HOLD on Addie. i
25) 46) dialog: unsmiling, arms folded, - 116 «IVT. THE EXCEANGE HOTEL - Moze is signing the regis Imogene a few feet off.
25) 70) dialog: An idea. INT. ADDIE'S HOTEL ROOM ~ Bay Addie lying on the bed, smpking. She stares up at the cei ing. Her eyes move to thef transom over her door, then sh locks at the wall of the atijoining room. She continues t atare at 1% a moment, therj gets up and sits on the side the bed. Carefully, she breaks off the burning ash on the cigarette, putting the stub neatly into the cigar box whi is under the mattress. She moves to the wall. Puts her ea against it. Then she cpems her door and looks out. The empty corridor,
26) 0) text: Addie moves to Trixie's dobr. As do all the other doors, it has a painted transom window above it. She sees a small table dows the corridor. She gets it, br tt ands on it. Just able to reach the ne effort, she forces the window She looks in. » o
26) 10) text: 2 B not too hot. You've been ms that water awful hot lately>}{ Imogene. en, get those f you come back me orf. Yes, Miss Trixie}! . PULL BACK TO shew Addie, wo: nearly falling off the tabl She looks up at Addie. Add: be quiet. Imogene closes transom. - Hing fast to close the tramsom. 4 Imogene opens the door. @ looks down and waves her to He door as Addie closes the Inf. TRIXTE'S Room as we HEAR the transom snap. see anything, then seratches her nails. Trixie looks around, doesn't er ass and continues with
27) 0) text: I got us an idea. Addie gets down. Puts the their room. ble back. Starts back to What kind idea? 9/1/72 122 Addie and Imogene mee 123 INT. ADDIZ's RooM Pause. Pause. Imogene, whi Miss Trixie offered her to put out? Who-eee! You
27) 4) text: geq away from Miss 't ya? Well, if you help me, I'll give you enough money to go Imogene looks then looks at Addie.
30) 0) text: 73 Addie eases toward it, inflocently licking her lollipo A couple of customers mo away and the Clerk is there alone. [ fatey fruit gum.
30) 5) text: Hey, just a minnie He reaches on the shelf bet do him and gets a half-gound box of chocolate creams, hands them to Addie. Give these here tofthe lady. Tell her they're with Floyd's sompliments, t
31) 0) text: Addie and Imogene. The hote is opened. Addie is sitting at the table with a penc£i in one hand, reading the note to Imogene.
31) 1) dialog: "Some sweets fbr the sweet, ha ha. Some girlb say I am a pretty smooth How about tryl Hancer myself. . g me out sometime." I don't ‘mow, gonna give it CAMERA MOVES IN on the note as Addie carefully imitates his printing and at the }ottom of the page adds: "P.S. W4i1L be up in fifteen tes." .
31) 2) text: Addie studies the note, then puts the sandy and the note 4n a drawer, Looks at Imogene, crosses her fingers and
32) 0) text: Addie at Trixie's door. he knocks. I got a messagqg from Hoze. He asked me to te¥l ya hg had to run over to Haymeville today. He wontt be ba: unt suppertime.
32) 11) text: fixed on the car all day. . Oh.” Well. oka Addie waits a moment, then ta her own door, opens it> then closes the door and m
32) 22) text: Mistuh Moze. {Miz Trixie don't feel so good.j She say to tell you she gorma! stay in bed today. She say she see you at suppertime. i MOZE (locking worried, stands up) She sick? Sick in bed? Better go up there. : (starts to go) Addie looks anxious. (quickly Oh, she ain't real sick, Ain't nothin' to worry about. She's havin! lady's time. .
32) 24) dialog: Well, - : (she gets up) Just wanted tofsay good mornin'. Think I'll go ppstaizs and polish my shoes, a She eases away.
32) 50) text: erackling, Addie listens
32) 52) text: Addie rune down the corri¢br. Imogene comes out of Trixie room and ducks into Addiegs room.
33) 0) text: Addie runs in, Inogene He's coming, Addie opens the door, just a wee bit. out.
33) 7) text: the corridor. from the door towards the She opens the door. there. Addie closes the door,
34) 0) text: ~ Addie and Imogene move to cia's door, listen. Say, you're some fast worker, aren't ya? You dbn't give a
34) 17) text: Wait for me herp. Imogene stays put. Addiel continues on. Int. LOBBY Addie running through tow. ANGLE IN DINING Room Addie looks in. Moze is nervously. there, Addie looks around
34) 20) text: Addie rushing across the lbbby and stopping Moze. 164 165 166 gl.
34) 21) text: Addie and Moze.
34) 60) dialog: 
34) 62) dialog: They look at each other and smile vietoriously.
34) 67) dialog: Lota of tem. (CONTINUED)
34) 70) dialog: I jus? tmew you wouldn't believe me. Pause.
34) 74) dialog: - I promise, Moze.
36) 0) text: CLOSE on Bee-Eee puzzle g w= get the little Bee-BHees in the little holes. It being angled about as the balls fall in and out of place. PULL BACK to show Moze sitting on a couch on thelhotel veranda, working. the gam Addie is next to him read a Detective magazine. But her attention keeps shift to something inside -~ through the window -- in lobby, She looks over the top of the magazine. Moz@ continues with the game.
36) 2) dialog: Interested. Moze continues to play the game.
36) 10) dialog: Moze?
36) 12) dialog: Moze -— pay ‘tYention.
36) 14) dialog: I seen something peculiar. What's that? - That man in thdr What man? Sitting in the Phair by the steps. But that man's gpt a black book for makin! notes|in and all 9/1/72 175 176 1764
36) 17) dialog: Moze is watching.
37) 0) text: Addie moves to Moze, who is Yust getting back to the couch. They sit next to each other as the man in the Stetson (JIM HARDIN) is seer entering through the window.
37) 4) dialog: Id’? know. Blg@ as our car trunk, maybe... What d'ya plan tido? i
37) 8) dialog: Well, he went into a little shack too, but he didn't come cut with nothing.
38) 0) text: Addie and Moze reach the!shadow of the building Hardin had entered. They are moving faster now. 1
38) 3) dialog: It may be locked.
38) 10) dialog: leoks up at hotel,
38) 12) dialog: stiffens, locks back to garage -- nothing. She looks at Hardin igo HARDIN standing half in and half out, talking to someone.
38) 13) dialog: q looking very nervous. Wa HEAR the window closing. Moze moves to her. iL
38) 17) dialog: We don't have no;whiskey.
38) 48) dialog: Uh huh. Did ya leave some?
38) 50) dialog: Moze?... Moze, we better git. Moze reappears at the window with two extra bottles. Hands them to Addie, then starts to crawl sut the window. (coneatnine) contin It's all filled up, ah told ya.
38) 52) text: Addie and Moze carry the case of whisky. PAN to show the Cadillac parked behind the hotel. It is greedily loaded with cases of whisky. The top is down and the cases are stacked high above the sid of the car.
38) 54) dialog: Well, y'’better go slow... (Looks around anxiously) ' hurry. i The Cadillac moves away. The cases of whisky sitting precariously in the rear. .The Cadillac turns a corner and they nearly topple over.
39) 0) text: The Cadillac is parked. Addie and Moze are taking the last of the cases sut of the car. MOVE with them as they take it back into some bushes. Both ere exhausted and out of breath.
39) 15) text: Showing Jess Hardin as he firmly upon his head. He movi Addie a moment. Then: F into view. The Stetsen to Moze. He looks at
40) 0) text: The Cadillac on the move. envelope ) Nine hundred fifty dollar. all in fifties. (starts\to laugh) Nine hundred fift} dollar, 'n he bought his own whisky. (laughs lo Addie opens the cigar box, ta the money from the envelope, counting it as she Jays it in the "secret" lower section of the cigar bgx, beneath the cosmetics, et
40) 10) dialog: Looking out back window.
40) 11) dialog: Nothin’ there. She turns and faces forward again. They drive in silence for a moment, Moze locking in the rear view mirror. Addie turning once to look behind them. phen looking forward. She holds her clagar box close to er.
40) 14) dialog: Nothin' ‘hind us, Moze. W/V 72 106.
40) 16) dialog: She reacts.
40) 17) dialog: Uh-oh. Moze steps on the gas pedal.
41) 0) text: Her little face. Eyes squinting. Frightened. We HEAR @ siren. Addie gets down on the seat, out of view. oda, 205 INT. caDILLac = FAVOR M He pushes down on the gas, the SIREN closer. Who coulea it be? The Sheriff's car can hej seen past Moze as it passes the Cadillac and forces it tp the side of the road. Moze slows. :
41) 1) dialog: (eontimiing ) Don't stop. ep goin’.
41) 48) text: (continuing J Uh... You got the money in your panties, child? Addie doesn't answer, dust looks at him, humiliated, Hardin is embarrassed, he moves to the door. Opens it.
41) 50) text: 209 CONTINUED: (3) roa He looks back at Addie.| Then an older woman, WILLA, move to the door,
41) 52) text: Addie looks at Moze. Hei nods. Addie gets up and moves out the door, the cigar pox clutched to her chest. Hardin closes the door. | Looks at Moze again. Goes back to the table. He puts down the keys, picks up the bee~ bee game. i
41) 73) text: y nods, Willa closes the door and sits. Hardin stares at Now let's cut outithis ring fround the rosy. {Where's that money? Silence. He looks at Addie's cigar box. He moves to it. Takes it. Rips off the st » opens it. Moze and Addie don’t move..
41) 81) text: CAMERA MOVES IN towards the hat and suddenly, when we are very close, we see the eye of Ulysses S. Grant staring through an spening in the lace band around the hat. Then we quickly make out the $50 figures, and there is the money, camouflaged within the band around Addie's hat.
41) 96) text: As he looks. His wide~ he turns and looks, al: stares at them. Then s ured it out. He turns Looks at it. Puts it against it, breaking it money, but all in vain. yed reaction. Then PULL BACK as with Addie, towards Hardin who denly Hardin smiles. He's fig- nd picks up the bee~bee game. the table and smashes his fist and examining its guts for the He's on his feet again.
41) 107) dialog: as her hand reaches for her hat. In doing so, a surrepti- tious move of her hand scoops up the car key at the same time she picks up the hat and as she puts the hat on her head, she puts the car key in her mouth. Then FULL Back as she turns and gses back to the bench. She gives 2 little smile to the unsuspecting Beau. She sits down. Silence. Addie's mouth tightly closed. Finally, she stands up and looks at Moze.
41) 108) dialog: Daddy. I need t' go to the shit house. Moze's mouth falls open and Beau looks embarrassed, Addie stares at Moze. Then she looks at Beau.
41) 111) dialog: Moze looks at her curiously.
42) 0) text: The door swings open. Moz CAMERA WITH THEM as they Beau moves out sf the door and Addie run down the steps. to the Cadillac and jump in. INT. CADITLLac JESUS CHRIST, this is the craziest <—
43) 1) dialog: (continuing) Don't slow down!
45) 0) text: Addie Looking cut the redr window. (angrily) I coulda killed him. They esulda had me for murder,
46) 0) text: Addie looking out the badk window.
47) 0) text: Moze bent over the wheel, ldoking straight on, the gas pedal jammed against the floor. He takes a curve. Addie falls against him as fhe SIREN gets closer, i SHOT - ADDIE LOOKING ocuT THE WINDOW
47) 1) dialog: That sign says "Elfisworth." You're takin' us back into Kansas.
47) 2) dialog: Jesus, yer right. | The sun's risin' 'hind us.
50) 1) dialog: Blow your hom.
50) 10) text: Addie half on the floor, - You alright? : (conrmmueD) 24g 250 251 252 253 254 lig.
50) 12) dialog: (catching her breath) Uh-huh... ' t
53) 10) text: Looking at Moze and Addie fa Cadillac. The man moves tall and skinny and bare 7] pair of stained and dings Stands there and stares
53) 33) text: e. Then he turns and starts moves back onto the porch, then goes into the house. The Old Man scratches some mo: slowly towards the house. He looks back at Addie and Moze Moze looks at Addie, then mov towards the old truck.
53) 49) text: 'fope ya take her out on the highway. (continuing) It's all legal. qt the papers t'prove it. All Ifgotta do is you own it. The boys look at Moze and Addie a few more moments. Then they look at one anoth¢r, then they look at the car. Finally they move th fhe steps. What's wrong Cain't haul nothin! jin it. ya, you can sell t i'n buy two trucks do your hahlin' in. “You can pile more stu shis Boy We ain't gonna swap\ They start up the steps to the\ house.
53) 98) text: Let's gol There is a pause, then Moze es a step towards Leroy. Leroy spreads his legs and ¢rpuches low, the knuckles of one hand dragging the g ad. He looks like a big monkey. Moze begins circling so he can keep facing Buddenly, Leroy falls to the ground, supports himself pn one arm and lashes out with his foot, trying to kiclg Moze in the crotch. That ain't fair, y (to the Old Man) Make ‘im fight fair Moze continues to circle Lerg amoothly and gracefully. to follow Moze from a crouch up and holds his arms out wig ajlot faster. He moves y Plinks his eyes, trying position. Then he stands And moves towards Moze. his pace Don't step om that fake, Leroy. Leroy stops and turns his hddd to one side and looks down for a moment, just long enojgh for Moze to take a half step forward and give him a/Hard backhanded clout right across the Adams apple. Lerdy's eyes seem about to pop out of his head. He tries tq draw a deep breath as he bends double, gagging and chck with the side of his foot a can under the chin. Leroy fillies backwards and hits the ground like a 200-pound sack pe wet manure. Clovis and Asa are dumbfounded for the mpment. They laugh so hard they can hardly stand up. Nld Man is laughing, too, atamping his foot on the por Clovis and Asa are getting inff the car. Yelping happily! Blowing the horn. Addie 1s awed, locking at Mo¢b, mouth open.
54) 0) text: Dressed in their old clothes now, stare straight ahead, Addie holding tightly to her cigar box. Moze is perspir= ing in the heat of the day and the old truck is starting to boil over. |
55) 0) text: The truck is almogt at the top of the grade fighting hard to make the last few feet. Then it chugs to a stop, the steam coming out of the radiator. Moze and Addie get out of the car, stare at it. Moze ia about to kick the bulging tire, then changes his
55) 1) text: Addie behind the wheel oq the truck, Moze is pushing the truck up the last few feat.
56) 6) text: 269 SHOT ~ MOZE j MOzE The brake, the urake! 270 SHOT - ADDIE j
57) 0) text: They sit quietly. Finally, Addie looks at the sign. Then she looks at Moze and then forward.
57) 4) dialog: What if that Lt man don't believe ya? : i | MozE He'll believe ime, alright. He's in the market ‘for makin' a killin’. Jus! like we are, ~ x «
57) 5) dialog: Maybe he don'ts even have a silver mine. ‘ MOZE . 4h checked him! out therough and he's just what‘people say he is. Rich and greedy. Where's the ‘ money? Addie goes to the mattreas. Takes the box from under it. Takes out the money. He'turns, looks at her. An exami~- mation.
60) 0) text: Addie all dressed up, moying through the Lobby.
60) 8) dialog: Frightened, trying to figdre what to do. 9/1/72 - . 231.
61) 4) dialog: Mozet
61) 6) dialog: Mose ... He falls back so thaf he ia looking up at her, his eyes puffed up and half open, Addie locks close to tears.
61) 7) dialog: (continuing) Moze, Moze. An swal... ah dwallowed
61) 14) text: Don't worky none. Ah been keepin' termdollars for emergencies.) ’  MozE Ten dollars. What the hell we do with ten dollars? é ADDIE We could buy some Bibles, do a little widow business. Must be lotg of good towns ‘round here, fhen we could do some twentias, drop some wallets, fore ya\ know it, we'll be Teal goed again. Ah'll bet no time sould have a whole ‘nother car 'n everthing.
61) 16) dialog: (gontinuing) . ‘ You're gonna take me now, - aren't ya? : - He neds.
61) 17) dialog: (continuing) Aw, Moze.
61) 19) dialog: (reithe house) o Lecks nice. } ° . . } . “Leoks real tine .
61) 34) dialog: Maybe if Frank D. Rogsevelt comes through town, Ahey'11 take me down the station and see ‘in. Maybe you write 61' Frank, he'll have a plage to write ya back acw. Yeah. He might ak that. Mi (sharp) Starts to get her things out. anvelope on the seat, Addie gets out of the ‘ADD Where ya gonna go?
61) 55) text: 9/1/72 299 300 301 135. CLOSE SHOT - HOUSE i Addie approaches. She looks up the steps at the door. Suddenly we HEAR the truck start up and she turns.
61) 56) text: to show Moze in the truck as it chugs off up the road, disappearing into the dust. MOVE IN on Addie. She watches the dust settle. When it does, the read is empty. Then she turns and looks at the door and finally starts up the steps.
61) 60) text: Addie stands in front of it. She hesitates, then kmocks. She waits. Finally the dcoy opens. A WCMAN in her mid- thirties is there. AUNT E. She is gentle and kind and straight out of a Camptell Soup ad. She looks at Addie.
63) 0) text: Sad.° He continues driving for a few moments, He sees the envelope tucked into the passenger seat. He pulls over to the side of the road and stops the car, He takes the envelope. We can see it/reads "To Moze." He opens the envelope. Inside is the/ picture of Addie on the paper moon. Written on it isj "To Moze. Love from Addie.” INT, AUNT BILLIE'S Hoy Addie is sitting on +.
63) 24) text: AUNT BILLIE's VOICE (o.s. cont'd) la sleep in your jong with your » I jus! near ~ and you're go own Little bed a eousin Edna. Wh: gave up on you, Addie stands up, looks tgwards the kitchen. ow
64) 0) text: Addie moves down the st rumning up the road.
64) 3) dialog: (shrieking)
65) 0) text: Moze finishing 2 cigaret The radio is playing "Ss we begin to HEAR Addie's
65) 13) text: Addie rumning towards Mozel, calling his name as she does They come together in the ddle of this empty place and embrace.
65) 21) text: The Dodge truck rolling free}y down the road as Addie and Moze chase after it. As the\END TITLES begin, they catch up, gat in, and continue on Yheir way. FADE OUT.