24) 21) text: Moze moving towards Trixie to give her 2 hand, Moze takes the hat box, moves to the passenger door and looks in the window at Addie as Imogene ets in the back seat. i
24) 25) text: It 4s loaded down. Trixie next to Moze, Imogene and Addie literally stuffed in the ck, 16 Bm. TEE emp = were} ott 4 Moze thinks she's the Jiving end.
24) 30) dialog: Tell tim 'hout the time ya almost got throwed in jail, Miss Trixie. Trixie turns to her, looks at her and smiles hatefully.
24) 41) text: Trixie is talking onja mile a minute, with her mouth full PULL BACK to show Addie moving out the door with hot dogs and soda pop. Imogene sitting on t. ruming board. Addie hands her a hot dog and & pop bottle jand they sit on the rumming board a start to eat. Addieieyes her a few moments. Then:
24) 44) dialog: Down by Troy, I guess. (CONTINUED)
24) 51) dialog: You wanta calljit dancin’. All she do is waggle ‘er hips 'n shake ter ol! tehind a little.
24) 56) dialog: Most she can get. She allus ask for five dollars. She ain't puttin’ out for yer Pa though. She say she gonna wait 'n git most she can puta him ‘fore she pat cut. i
24) 58) dialog: Well, not 'xactly, I heared ‘im mumble somethin! like he didn't wanta talk 'bqut it... ain't he? (CONTINUED )
25) 0) text: Trixie and Moze moving cut cf the store. She is dressed in a ruffly white dress.| Obviously something Moze has bought for her. Addie ahd Imogene waiting giumly. Ch, I just love it, love it, love 4t, all this white, it is absolutely the proper thing for my particular kind of appearance... Looks at Addie) Wouldn't be bad you to have a new dress, tod. Right kind o' dress make allf the difference in a face, ‘specially since you got the right jkind of bone structure. ‘Gourse everything's in the bone structure. Person can figure hig whole life on what his bone strug¢ture is --
25) 24) text: She always ha: eet the alweys has|t'go to bathroom. She |must have @ bladder the sige of a peanut! Well, I ain't dettin' back in that car, Not |'til she gets‘ out of it. Addie holds her ground. ze sees it's futile to talk on. He turns and marches do the hill. We see him get to‘the car. He leans in to to Trixie. Finally she opens her door and gets out. She ipoks up towards Addie. There is . some more talk between them. Reluctantly, Trixie starts u the hillside. She is at in her high heels. Her ankles ~ bend a lot. Imogene is ady in the back of the car. 109
25) 40) text: 112 «=6EXT. HOTEL - ANGLE O¥ ADDIE JAND IMOGENE ~- DAY “ waiting with their luggage. | PULL BACK to show a yellow Cadillac drive up in front of them. Trixie and Moze in the front seat. Trixie calis out past Moze. ° RIX Yoo hoo. Leok what we got! Ain't she the sweetest little thing? And don't he lools like a prince ‘hind that wheel? DOLLY into Addie. Her reactica. She quickly opens the cigar bex. Sees that all the money is not there. She is angry. j =,
26) 10) text: 2 B not too hot. You've been ms that water awful hot lately>}{ Imogene. en, get those f you come back me orf. Yes, Miss Trixie}! . PULL BACK TO shew Addie, wo: nearly falling off the tabl She looks up at Addie. Add: be quiet. Imogene closes transom. - Hing fast to close the tramsom. 4 Imogene opens the door. @ looks down and waves her to He door as Addie closes the Inf. TRIXTE'S Room as we HEAR the transom snap. see anything, then seratches her nails. Trixie looks around, doesn't er ass and continues with
27) 0) text: I got us an idea. Addie gets down. Puts the their room. ble back. Starts back to What kind idea? 9/1/72 122 Addie and Imogene mee 123 INT. ADDIZ's RooM Pause. Pause. Imogene, whi Miss Trixie offered her to put out? Who-eee! You
27) 4) text: geq away from Miss 't ya? Well, if you help me, I'll give you enough money to go Imogene looks then looks at Addie.
28) 0) text: Trixie sitting up in bed, Imogene is moving to the tray. Tomorrow mornin, E She puts it on to wear the eyeshade. Miz Trixte,
29) 1) dialog: All I kmow is what he tole me.
31) 0) text: Addie and Imogene. The hote is opened. Addie is sitting at the table with a penc£i in one hand, reading the note to Imogene.
31) 2) text: Addie studies the note, then puts the sandy and the note 4n a drawer, Looks at Imogene, crosses her fingers and
32) 21) text: showing Imogene moving to the dining room. She comes up to the table. }
32) 52) text: Addie rune down the corri¢br. Imogene comes out of Trixie room and ducks into Addiegs room.
33) 8) text: He stands in 87. She and Imogene look 9/1/72 150 INT, CORRIDOR - AT TRIXIE'S Poor
34) 0) text: ~ Addie and Imogene move to cia's door, listen. Say, you're some fast worker, aren't ya? You dbn't give a
34) 9) text: Their eyes wide. Is Imogene) I'm geant‘
34) 11) dialog: (continuing) He's gonma kill 'em both, I jus' - knows it! i She follows Addie as we HEAR. noises from Trixie's room. 9/1/72 157 158 159 169 161 162 163 go.
34) 17) text: Wait for me herp. Imogene stays put. Addiel continues on. Int. LOBBY Addie running through tow. ANGLE IN DINING Room Addie looks in. Moze is nervously. there, Addie looks around
34) 40) dialog: Down home, man come home from wuk and heared maniinside house in bed wif tis wife. He just walk ‘round to woodpile | and get bis double-blade an. He go inside and chop ‘em bofe t' li'l pieces. Folks say he chop 'em up like kindling v (CONTINUED)