24) 21) text: Moze moving towards Trixie to give her 2 hand, Moze takes the hat box, moves to the passenger door and looks in the window at Addie as Imogene ets in the back seat. i
24) 25) text: It 4s loaded down. Trixie next to Moze, Imogene and Addie literally stuffed in the ck, 16 Bm. TEE emp = were} ott 4 Moze thinks she's the Jiving end.
24) 29) dialog: Why, Imogene, you siliy ol! thing. You know that's not true. That ol! country boy wasn't gonna hit me with no bottle. He was just horsin! around. (elbows Moze) Ask me nice 'n maybe I'll tell ya ‘bout that sometime.
24) 32) dialog: Jus! don't understand it, Daddy, but this little baby has to go winky-tinky all the time. She moves towards the ladies' outhouse. (CONTINUED)
24) 41) text: Trixie is talking onja mile a minute, with her mouth full PULL BACK to show Addie moving out the door with hot dogs and soda pop. Imogene sitting on t. ruming board. Addie hands her a hot dog and & pop bottle jand they sit on the rumming board a start to eat. Addieieyes her a few moments. Then:
24) 64) text: How I gonna quit? What I do I quit? Got no money ttgit | non a t'my mama <= an' what if Ido git home? They got hard '' times as it is, My mama say, "You go work fpr this white lady, an' she take geced ker o' you. You wanta know|what I thinks? Ya know that 141' white speck on tap of chicken |decdle? Well, I thinks that's the kind o' white Miss Trixie is| She jest like that 141’ white speck on th' top of ol’ ehicken shit!
24) 67) dialog: 
25) 0) text: Trixie and Moze moving cut cf the store. She is dressed in a ruffly white dress.| Obviously something Moze has bought for her. Addie ahd Imogene waiting giumly. Ch, I just love it, love it, love 4t, all this white, it is absolutely the proper thing for my particular kind of appearance... Looks at Addie) Wouldn't be bad you to have a new dress, tod. Right kind o' dress make allf the difference in a face, ‘specially since you got the right jkind of bone structure. ‘Gourse everything's in the bone structure. Person can figure hig whole life on what his bone strug¢ture is --
25) 1) text: showing a new sporty Cadillac driving past. Trixie's eye is immediately caught ‘ it.
25) 24) text: She always ha: eet the alweys has|t'go to bathroom. She |must have @ bladder the sige of a peanut! Well, I ain't dettin' back in that car, Not |'til she gets‘ out of it. Addie holds her ground. ze sees it's futile to talk on. He turns and marches do the hill. We see him get to‘the car. He leans in to to Trixie. Finally she opens her door and gets out. She ipoks up towards Addie. There is . some more talk between them. Reluctantly, Trixie starts u the hillside. She is at in her high heels. Her ankles ~ bend a lot. Imogene is ady in the back of the car. 109
25) 28) text: She waits a moment more, then begins to move closer. How'd ya & & colorin' book, that? Y'like Mickey the Mouse? (stubs her toe) Son of 2 bitch. She hops on her foot. ‘enen limps about for 4 moment. Loo at Addie as she holds Her foot. ec . Now, come on down to the car and we'll alll be friends. See me smile? Let's see ya. smile like your Aunt Trixie. C!mon. C'mon down with Madamazelie. j Addie doesn't move, Trixie takes a deep breath. She moves eloser to Addie, Kicksioff her shoes, Ruhs her feet. Then she looks at Addie:
25) 34) dialog: Listen, I don't wanta wipe ya aut. And I don't want you wipin' me out, y'imow? So, I'm gonna level with ya,| okay? Y'see, with me it's’ just ai patter of time. T a'know why, but sanehow I jus! don't hold om real long. So if ya wait it out a little... it'll be over, Know what I mean? Even if I want a fella, somehow or other, I manage t'get it screwed up. Maybe I'll get a pair of shoes, nice dress, few laughs... Times are hard. If you fool around on the hill up heres then you don't get nothin', on't get nothin’, he don't et z. hin! ... she smiles at . , Addie} : So hew ‘bout it, honey... For just a little while? | Let ol! Trixde sit up front. | (CONTINUED)
25) 40) text: 112 «=6EXT. HOTEL - ANGLE O¥ ADDIE JAND IMOGENE ~- DAY “ waiting with their luggage. | PULL BACK to show a yellow Cadillac drive up in front of them. Trixie and Moze in the front seat. Trixie calis out past Moze. ° RIX Yoo hoo. Leok what we got! Ain't she the sweetest little thing? And don't he lools like a prince ‘hind that wheel? DOLLY into Addie. Her reactica. She quickly opens the cigar bex. Sees that all the money is not there. She is angry. j =,
25) 42) text: edt inne ed « 4 2 commu: | {te We HEAR the horn plowing and Moze and Trixie laughing as HOLD on Addie. i
26) 0) text: Addie moves to Trixie's dobr. As do all the other doors, it has a painted transom window above it. She sees a small table dows the corridor. She gets it, br tt ands on it. Just able to reach the ne effort, she forces the window She looks in. » o
26) 1) text: a a Oo ° a ° a transom on her toes, with open... but just slightly. HER POV - TRIXIE's ROOM @ her nails. Her face is greased Sher messily scattered clothes. ithe seam of that
26) 10) text: 2 B not too hot. You've been ms that water awful hot lately>}{ Imogene. en, get those f you come back me orf. Yes, Miss Trixie}! . PULL BACK TO shew Addie, wo: nearly falling off the tabl She looks up at Addie. Add: be quiet. Imogene closes transom. - Hing fast to close the tramsom. 4 Imogene opens the door. @ looks down and waves her to He door as Addie closes the Inf. TRIXTE'S Room as we HEAR the transom snap. see anything, then seratches her nails. Trixie looks around, doesn't er ass and continues with
27) 0) text: I got us an idea. Addie gets down. Puts the their room. ble back. Starts back to What kind idea? 9/1/72 122 Addie and Imogene mee 123 INT. ADDIZ's RooM Pause. Pause. Imogene, whi Miss Trixie offered her to put out? Who-eee! You
27) 3) text: qlose door. at dg you suppose oufjd do if somebody tweaty-five dollars aey? For that much money that{ waman drop her pants down in the middle at the road. You want to Trixie, don
28) 0) text: Trixie sitting up in bed, Imogene is moving to the tray. Tomorrow mornin, E She puts it on to wear the eyeshade. Miz Trixte,
28) 9) dialog: Yeah, I know 'im. What about ‘im?
28) 11) dialog: What? (pulls the eyeshade otf Why the little two-bit bua. The herve of that guy.
32) 0) text: Addie at Trixie's door. he knocks. I got a messagqg from Hoze. He asked me to te¥l ya hg had to run over to Haymeville today. He wontt be ba: unt suppertime.
32) 22) text: Mistuh Moze. {Miz Trixie don't feel so good.j She say to tell you she gorma! stay in bed today. She say she see you at suppertime. i MOZE (locking worried, stands up) She sick? Sick in bed? Better go up there. : (starts to go) Addie looks anxious. (quickly Oh, she ain't real sick, Ain't nothin' to worry about. She's havin! lady's time. .
32) 39) text: Somebody at the Int. CORRIDCR Trixie's door opens. candy, goes back in, Trixie's deor to listen. Trixie.
32) 52) text: Addie rune down the corri¢br. Imogene comes out of Trixie room and ducks into Addiegs room.
32) 56) text: Miss Trixie wants to see ya. She “gays it's realjimportant. Room
33) 8) text: He stands in 87. She and Imogene look 9/1/72 150 INT, CORRIDOR - AT TRIXIE'S Poor