42) 0) text: An overweight 30ish woman ELIZABETH (who shouldn't be wea those low rise pants and cropped tee) lights a bunch of candles in the grass behind the protestor fence. She reac the last candle in line just as Mary walks up to join the group. Elizabeth looks up at Mary, smiles.
42) 1) dialog: I like your boots.
42) 3) dialog: Are you pro-leg or anti-leg?
42) 5) dialog: This is the pro-leg group over here. We're supporting Baby Peggy's dad in his fight to save the baby's third leg. She points to the end of the fenced off area where only a protestors hold anti-leg signs:"NORMAL LIFE FOR BABY PEGG "3 LEGS ARE NOT BETTER THAN 2".
42) 6) dialog: Those are the anti-leggers. They're all for the amputation.
42) 8) dialog: The pro-leggers have better snacks.
43) 0) text: Mr. and Mrs. Horowitz watch TV and read at the same time. The TV is on mute --- CNN's Baby Peggy coverage. In the corner of the screen, "amputation countdown - 35 hours". Shots of the protestors' candlelight vigil appear the screen. Mrs. Horowitz spots Mary in the crowd, standing next to Elizabeth. She sings and waves her candle around, all the while straining to look for Steve.
50) 7) dialog: You see? When you sing loud enough and when your signs are big enough, people listen! Mary spots some of the news vans pulling away.
50) 9) dialog: Go, go on. I'll watch your stuff. Mary drops her bags, runs toward the media camp.
56) 0) text: Only a few protestors remain. Abandoned signs and garbage cover the grass. Elizabeth gets autographs from other protestors like it's the last day of high school. Mary runs up, grabs her bags.
56) 2) dialog: Sign my book before you go? Elizabeth hands her the ratty hand decorated book and a p
56) 10) dialog: Not really. Mary is stunned. She takes a minute to realize it's real, gets excited. From behind her:
56) 12) dialog: Mary, have you met Howard? Mary shakes her head. Howard offers his hand. It's got dried chocolate milk all over it. She takes it.
56) 13) dialog: Mary, Howard. Howard, Mary. Mary, Howard's got a car, you know. He can drive us. Mary looks at him, thinks about it.
57) 0) text: Howard starts the car. In the passenger seat, Elizabeth h a bunch of the protest signs crammed in at her feet. Mary gets settled in the back seat, spots a copy of Scientific American magazine, then finds an apple stuck behind the seat belt. She yanks the apple out, looks at i Howard looks at her in the rear view mirror.
60) 0) text: Elizabeth, Mary and Howard step onto the curb and survey crowd. On one side, an odd assortment of fans with signs like "F CLORIS", "JAIL REAL CRIMINALS, NOT OLD LADIES" and "OSCAR WINNERS DON'T KILL", with photos of Cloris Leachman throu the years. On the other side of the crowd, a smaller group of MEXICA MOURNERS with signs "JUSTICE FOR JUAN", "GUILTY", and "LE THE BITCH FRY".
60) 10) dialog: Yay! I love Cloris Leachman.
60) 14) dialog: Perfect.
71) 0) text: Elizabeth runs around hugging other fans as Mary stands a the fence watching the press wrap up, worried. Clyde the Shaman joins her at the fence, looks right at h raises a finger to his lips.
80) 0) text: Elizabeth stands at the bus to Oklahoma City, a pile of Leachman signs at her feet. Mary approaches.
80) 2) dialog: I wish, but I only left enough cat food out for two days. I'll miss you guys! Elizabeth hugs them both, jumps on the bus. Howard and Ma watch as she struggles to her seat with all the signs.
144) 0) text: As night falls, the crowd at the fence starts lighting an candles, passing them around. Among them, George, Lydia, now Carlos, the backpack dispensing hot cocoa guy from Oklahoma. They all look on, worried. Howard stands at the barrier looking more worried than anybody. Elizabeth pushes through the crowd to him. She's wearing red rubber boots.
144) 1) dialog: Howard! She hugs him.
160) 0) text: The spectators all gather, candles in hand, hands joined silent prayer. An ELDERLY COUPLE hands Howard and Elizabeth candles. How looks around at the rest of the crowd - strangers watchin waiting, worried.
165) 0) text: Howard, Elizabeth and Carlos watch from the fence.
165) 6) dialog: What's taking so long?