5) 9) dialog: What do you mean "the big one"? Terrorists, natural disaster, what?
5) 12) dialog: Please let it be the bird flu.
5) 14) dialog: How's it spreading? Angus looks at Steve.
5) 16) dialog: Oh my God, they're everywhere!
5) 18) dialog: Al Qaeda connection?
5) 26) dialog: Not me!. Hartman grabs a gas mask and rushes to the van's side mir
5) 27) dialog: I need blush. No, wait. I'll go pasty. It'll look like I could be the first media victim. "Hartman Hughes, no such thing as too close to the story". Hartman looks back at Steve and Angus. They're just stand there, unable to keep a straight face. Hartman deflates.
5) 28) dialog: Assholes! I knew it was too good to be true. He throws his gas mask down, storms off.
5) 30) dialog: I had a perfectly good bologna sandwich going on upstairs. Wasted! Angus and Steve watch the elevator door close, shrug it o
23) 0) text: An exec office. Steve relaxes on the sofa next to Angus while Hartman noses around the office.
23) 12) dialog: Of course not. Nice camera work, Stevie. Steve glares at Hartman. Corbitt points at the frozen sho on the TV screen, looks at Steve.
26) 20) dialog: Paula, what started out as a routine rehearsal here at the Dallas Medieval Times turned deadly when an employee allegedly turned on his fellow performers. Twenty- four hours later, at least thirty employees are still being held hostage by the assailant, their lives hanging in the balance. He listens to his earpiece, nods.
26) 26) dialog: The castle you see behind me is one of eight medieval Times dinner theatre restaurants. Guests who cross the drawbridge enjoy a medieval style feast while watching the main attraction: knights engaging in a battle of strength and skill. The restaurant promises "fun, feasting and fighting" but it appears that this time, fun was in short supply. A few feet away, Angus frantically takes notes as he talk a MAINTENANCE WORKER, then slips a piece of paper to Hart
26) 27) dialog: Paula, devastating news just in. We have one confirmed death - an Andalusian - a purebred Spanish horse. One of many that perform in the show, and the first innocent victim of a rogue knight's rage... He takes a moment to fake compose himself, barely getting words out.
26) 28) dialog: At times like this, I like to think there's a heaven just for horses. A rolling meadow, lush grasses, unlimited supply of... those things horses like to lick - or is that cows? Nevertheless, a beautiful, peaceful place. He turns and looks toward to the Medieval Times.
26) 29) dialog: May you long roam in that heaven, noble horse - Angus hands him another note. Hartman scans it, instantly kills the fake anguish.
26) 30) dialog: But not quite yet. We're the first to report, the horse is not dead, Paula. Not dead. The horse is alive and well after having merely fainted, as it was trained to do for the show. One happy, blessed miracle...
26) 37) dialog: Dammit, Angus. Get it a bit closer to right before you hand it to me. Josh moves in, removes Hartman's mic.
26) 39) dialog: It's that kind of genius that won me the Southeast Idaho Christian Family Coalition's Journalist of the Year award, you ingrates.
30) 6) dialog: (on TV) Perhaps the greatest obstacle the hostage negotiators face is the suspect's refusal to communicate using modern day technology. In keeping with his role as a medieval knight, he's insisting on an eleventh century messenger to deliver all communication. The screen splits with a female news ANCHOR.
30) 9) dialog: Actually, homing pigeons. The Diners look at Mary.
30) 19) dialog: You can buy them on the internet for twenty-five bucks a pop. Mary looks at the Diners, smiles, points to the TV.
31) 47) dialog: Which one of you bastards hid my bronzing shimmer? The police surrounding the castle take aim. Dead silence as the Medieval Times drawbridge lowers. A KNIGHT walks out, arms raised as high as his squeaking armor will allow, which is not very high, but high enough get the point across -- Surrender.
39) 8) dialog: 
39) 10) dialog: What if next time I say Baby Peggy is like the wishbone of her parents' dispute? Hartman acts out a wishbone pull. Steve's disgusted.
44) 0) text: At the back doors of the rental van, Steve and Angus work laptops. Steve confides in Angus, trying not to wake up Hartman sleeping on the back seat.
44) 15) dialog: Priceless! This is priceless! Steve cringes.
45) 9) dialog: M'lady. She's a bit stunned and star struck. He offers his hand.
45) 10) dialog: Hartman Hughes. Mary lets go of her tongue, uses her saliva covered hand shake his.
45) 12) dialog: Mary'. Mary, Mary, Mary. He takes his hand back, discretely wipes it on his pants.
45) 13) dialog: Steve told me you were beautiful. He was going on and on and on and on about it. I had to come see for myself. Great boots.
45) 15) dialog: Listen, Mary, I've been working with Steve for about a year now. The guy is like a brother to me. A YOUNG PROTESTOR recognizes Hartman.
45) 22) dialog: Girls follow us around everywhere we go. Who do you think they're after? Hartman reflects on it, smiles.
45) 23) dialog: Me, of course me, but every once in a while some of them try to land Steve. It's true. Sure he'll go for a few skanks here and there but it's all just a sad attempt to hide his fear. All he wants is to love but he's afraid of opening up, afraid of putting himself out there, afraid of somebody like you, Mary - yes you - afraid of you breaking his heart. Can you blame him? She's a bit stunned and confused by all of this.
45) 25) dialog: No! Promise me this. Promise you'll stick around long enough to help him get over that fear. He tells you to go away, don't. He says he thinks you're crazy? You're not. He's crazy, Mary. Crazy not to let down his walls and tell you how he really feels. Can I count on you to hang in there no matter what?
45) 32) dialog: Good girl. The SECURITY GUARD walks past, gestures that they should behind the fence. Hartman holds up his press pass to get of the Guard, then lets go of Mary. He points her toward protestors, starts backing away.
45) 33) dialog: I'll tell Steve to come find you when we wrap for the day. What side are you on?
45) 35) dialog: You might want to jump camps. No way they're going let that baby keep the third leg and live like a freak. Trust me. He waves and turns around, starts heading for the press c Mary calls out to him.
46) 0) text: Angus is on his phone as Steve rushes to set up his equipment. Hartman arrives back at the van.
46) 1) dialog: What's going on? Josh rushes to get the mic on Hartman.
46) 8) dialog: No amputation?
46) 10) dialog: Who?
46) 12) dialog: It's over? The kid keeps the leg.
46) 14) dialog: 'Til she gets it caught in a car door.
49) 8) dialog: And like the noble tree frog whose extra leg is nothing if not natural, so Baby Peggy begins the rest of her three legged life... This is Hartman Hughes reporting live from Oklahoma City. Hartman pulls out his ear piece. Angus, Josh and Steve al look at him, a bit surprised.
49) 10) dialog: A little thing called astutitude, my friends. Steve and Angus look at each other -- is that even a word
52) 0) text: Angus at the wheel, Hartman in the passenger seat. In the back, Steve nervously looks out the windows. Josh gets in next to him. Angus starts driving slowly across the grass behind other news vans. Steve finally relaxes.
54) 0) text: Hartman spots Mary in the rear view mirror.
54) 1) dialog: Angus, hold up.
54) 14) dialog: Hi beautiful. Mary tries to get a look at Steve but can only see part o his back hunched over behind the seat.
54) 17) dialog: Steve's not feeling well.
54) 24) dialog: I'm sure he'll be fine by the time we get to New Mexico.
54) 27) dialog: Steve really wants you to follow us. It would mean a lot to him.
54) 29) dialog: He was going to go ask you himself but look at the poor bastard. So sick he can't even sit up straight.
54) 31) dialog: Exactly what I told him, but the only person he wants touching his infected flesh is you. Mary looks at Steve, worried.
54) 33) dialog: Hey now, we need you to be strong for him. Leachinan trial, Santa Fe, can you remember that? Mary nods, unable to speak.
54) 34) dialog: We'll meet you there, God willing.
54) 41) dialog: Like he's my own. She backs away from the window. Angus waves to her and starts driving.
59) 9) dialog: But the octogenarian Leachman may not have been as innocent as her representatives claimed, at least according to the evidence found at the murder scene. Hartman reads from his notes.
59) 10) dialog: Whips, hot wax, bamboo skewers, a spanking bench, and perhaps most damaging, a henna tattoo across Ms. Leachman's chest that read "Mrs. Juan Carlos Velasquez".
61) 0) text: Mary walks among the news vans. At the entrance to a near tent, Hartman spots her, waves her over.
61) 1) dialog: Hi gorgeous. What'd you do to your hair?
61) 8) dialog: Never better. Come in and wait. He'll be back soon.
62) 0) text: A briefing area is set up - folding chairs, table, podium bunch of male journalists sit around the table playing po Vince (CNN), DOUG (CNN), the COURT TV REPORTER, a BBC NEW PHOTOGRAPHER, a FRENCH PHOTOGRAPHER, A SPANISH JOURNALIST Angus. Hartman escorts Mary in. The guys perk up a bit.
62) 1) dialog: You all know Mary? Steve's girlfriend? Mary shakes hands around the table, greets them all in th native tongues.
64) 6) dialog: Don't go, Steve! Look who's here. Mary jumps up - just about knocks the table over, then sustains a number of injuries trying to leap over chairs. last she makes it to Steve, hugs him.
65) 19) dialog: For the hundredth time, Steve, no, I am not interested in a threesome with you and your new girlfriend. Steve points to Mary.
65) 21) dialog: Okay. Fine. Hartman goes to Mary, grabs her hand.
65) 22) dialog: Everything I said about Steve, about his feelings for you, his hopes, his dreams, his fears, his unexplainable odor, forget about it. Forget everything I said. None of it was true. Mary's stunned, devastated. She looks like she's going to cry. Hartman and Steve look at each other - what now? Hartman shoves him forward. Steve reluctantly puts a comforting hand on her shoulder.
65) 23) dialog: Because nothing I said comes close to the enormity of Steve's real feelings for you!
65) 29) dialog: It's a love that defies words! Steve jumps him. Hartman fights back. Mary's horrified.
67) 0) text: Steve gets a few jabs to Hartman as the rest of the guys calmly watch.
67) 13) dialog: Okay, alright. Hartman wipes his lip, looks up at Mary.
67) 14) dialog: Mary, millions of people believe what I tell them every night. Why shouldn't you? Steve dives at him. Hartman swings and gets him right in nose. One of their cell phones ring, then another, then a the guys' phones go off.
68) 10) dialog: And as she left the court room today a free woman, the cheers of her devoted fans carrying her forward -
68) 19) dialog: As you can see, Cloris Leachman's fans have become surprisingly violent despite her victory here today. Add this to the list of the most dangerous locations for journalists. Iraq, Somalia, Lebanon, Sri Lanka... and just about any place Cloris Leachman fans gather. Hartman wipes blood from his lip.
68) 20) dialog: Hartman Hughes putting his life at risk to report live from Santa Fe, New Mexico. They cut. Hartman grabs a hand mirror, points to his face yells out to Steve.
68) 21) dialog: This is my gift, understand, my instrument. Makes no difference if you're walking around looking like Quasimodo. Ignoring Hartman, Steve walks over to Angus.
69) 0) text: A furious Corbitt holds the phone and replays the live sh of Hartman at the court house.
71) 12) dialog: Sorry, darling, we're on to the next story.
72) 0) text: Mary runs to catch up with Steve, Angus and Hartman as th rush to the trucks.
87) 0) text: In full rain gear, Hartman walks past rows of boarded up businesses. Steve follows him with the camera. Angus, Dou and Josh are close behind. The rain is deafening, the wind ridiculous. It's all Hart can do to stay on his feet.
87) 1) dialog: (yelling his head off) And this time, the warnings were hard to ignore. One Galvestonian told us "tornados, we can handle. Hurricanes we can handle. Bugs we can handle. Put 'em all together and that's a storm I don't need to see". A wise man indeed. Something off to the side catches Hartman's eye -- it's a picnic table blowing down the street.
87) 7) dialog: Oooh! Get that! Steve gets the shot then pretends to make adjustments to camera while he discretely scans the area, on the lookout Mary.
89) 0) text: Hartman stands in the middle of a pier that looks moments away from being carried out to sea. Steve shoots from a s on the pier a few feet closer to shore but not much safer
89) 1) dialog: Paula, this pier was closed to the public twenty-four hours ago, and for good reason. Steve inches a bit closer for the shot, his footing unsta Josh moves in and hangs on to Steve to keep him steady.
89) 2) dialog: As I stand here, I can actually feel the structure moving under my feet. The only thing between me and the limitless depths of the sea is this two-by-four railing that - The railing flies off. Hartman drops to his knees and cra to the other railing then hangs on for dear life. Steve a Josh struggle to hang on to the camera and each other.
89) 8) dialog: And Paula I have to tell you, not only has my hearing been permanently damaged by the sheer force of the rain hitting my eardrums, but at this point, I'm beginning to wonder if I'll even make it out alive. He raises his head up for the big finish, gets hammered b the wind and rain.
89) 9) dialog: This is Hartman Hughes, reporting live from Galveston, Texas. Steve and Josh start backing up off the pier with Hartman crawling behind them. Steve yells back to him.
89) 11) dialog: 
89) 14) dialog: Come on, that was funny. You have to admit... Stevie?
105) 0) text: Steve drives, Hartman is next to him. Angus is in the bac with Doug and Josh.
105) 6) dialog: Tornadocane my ass. Where the hell were the cicadas? Retards in a mine shaft, now that's a story.
105) 8) dialog: Look, it's your girlfriend.
105) 13) dialog: Getting some fresh air. It helps my pores. Steve tries to grab the paper.
105) 15) dialog: Yes, Steven?
105) 17) dialog: Aren't I?
106) 0) text: Mary spots the rental van approaching, swerving - Hartman waving a piece of paper out the window. As the van passes by, Hartman lets the paper go.
107) 0) text: Hartman rolls up the window, happy with himself. Steve sl him in the arm.
109) 0) text: SECURITY PERSONNEL guard the closed entrance and turn awa pissed off FAIR PATRONS. At the edge of the fair grounds, the ferris wheel casts a shadow over the rescue site. The whole area has been overtaken by RESCUERS and their equipment. POLICE guard t tape to keep ONLOOKERS back. Local MEDIA circulates. Hartman kneels at the back of the ambulance, holding the of one of the Teachers. Steve gets it on camera, all the while looking around, a bit paranoid.
109) 1) dialog: And what went through your mind when you realized they were gone? The Teacher just bawls. Hartman turns to the camera.
109) 2) dialog: Grief too strong for words. That's the best way to describe this tragic, tragic scene. One minute, a merry day at the fair. The next minute, helpless babes savagely sucked into the menacing abyss. The Teacher bawls even harder. Hartman gives her a "there there" then continues talking to camera.
109) 3) dialog: And here's how hopeless the rescue looks at this moment. The earth surrounding hole is far too perilous for anybody to approach on foot. Moving heavy rescue equipment in too close could mean death for the rescuers as well. Its cold down there, wet, dark, probably a few snakes and rats moving around.
112) 0) text: Rescuers keep a safe distance from the perilous hole. A RESCUE SUPERVISOR oversees the effort, watches as a bucke attached to the old crane, barely big enough for one pers A FIREMAN gets in the bucket, doesn't fit. He gets out. A SKINNY FIREMAN is pushed forward. He gets in. The bucket is lowered into the ground. Hartman jumps in front of the scene. Steve follows with the camera.
112) 1) dialog: To some, a simple crane. To the trapped, innocent, special children -- the answer to their prayers. The cable lowering the bucket jerks and stops. The crowd gasps. Hartman stays on camera.
112) 7) dialog: Or is it? The cable jerks and begins moving again.
112) 8) dialog: Only time will tell. Through the crowd, Steve sees a WOMAN who looks like Mary from the back. fie freezes, then realizes it's not her. Total relief.
117) 0) text: Hartman jumps in front of Steve's camera.
117) 1) dialog: Elation here in Louisiana but the danger, far from over as rescuers bring these children up one grubby little face at a time. Hartman looks off to the side, holds up a finger like he' trying not to cry. He signals Steve to cut.
117) 2) dialog: Remind me next time to mention Jesus. Still on the lookout for Mary, Steve's not even listening
121) 0) text: Steve films Hartman.
121) 1) dialog: A happy ending that's left parents across this country wondering - how can I keep my family safe from abandoned mines? Are there abandoned mines in my backyard? Is my child's school built on top of an abandoned mine? Steve spots Mary, running toward him.
121) 3) dialog: And how, oh how, can these death traps be avoided? Mary drops right into the abandoned mine.
125) 0) text: As all the other Journalists scramble, Hartman and Steve a bit stunned. Angus joins them, puts his phone on speake
127) 0) text: Steve listens to the phone and glares at Hartman.
130) 5) dialog: Behind inc... Oh what's the point? Hartman walks away moping.
131) 10) dialog: Fox scooped us? Our Mary? The bastards. Steve glares at him.
141) 0) text: Steve, Hartman, Doug and Josh breathe a sigh of relief.
141) 3) dialog: I'll be gentle.
159) 0) text: Angus watches as Doug films Hartman interviewing Steve.
159) 1) dialog: Steve, tell us about Mary, your fiance struggling for her life at the bottom of the abandoned mine as we speak. Steve glares at him. Hartman motions for him to go on.
169) 0) text: Doug films Hartman. In the shot behind him, smoke seeps o of the old crane.
169) 1) dialog: They've lowered food and water into the depths of this abandoned mine. The last task of this archaic crane that finally blew its motor. We've been told the new rescue equipment won't make it until daybreak. Until then, all we can do is wait, hope, and of course pray. There's a commotion at the rescue site. Doug zooms in.
186) 0) text: Mary adjusts her eyes to the flashing lights, looks aroun An Ambulance Attendant tries to attend to her leg. She wa him off. In bare feet, blood running down her leg, limpin she starts running away from the site toward the media. Steve's watches, genuinely happy to see her. Hartman nudg Doug to get the camera on Steve.
186) 1) dialog: First interview is ours. Here comes our girl. Steve, you ready? Grab her arid kiss her then let me start with the questions. Doug focuses in on Steve. Hartman holds the crowd back so Mary can get to him. Mary runs toward them -- and keeps on running, right past Steve's open arms. She heads for her friends at the fence - Howard, Elizabet Carlos, George, Lydia, all of the other Protestors. She s dives right into them. They catch her.