39) 13) dialog: Me?
39) 20) dialog: I haven't made up my mind yet. Both parties have valid arguments.
41) 0) text: Mary steps onto the hospital grounds and looks all around - NEWS CREWS circulate, PATIENTS and staff walk in and ou the hospital, protestors line the fence. Somewhere in the middle, she finds what she's hunting for -- Steve. Mary's face lights up and she starts running toward him - her mind, no doubt in slow motion, with clouds parting to light her way. Steve's attention is drawn away from the interview with Howard. He spots Mary running toward him, arms outstretch
56) 15) dialog: Plymouth Colt.
56) 22) dialog: Eighty-nine. Mary quickly scans her memory.
56) 24) dialog: Yes. Mary thinks about it, smiles.
57) 0) text: Howard starts the car. In the passenger seat, Elizabeth h a bunch of the protest signs crammed in at her feet. Mary gets settled in the back seat, spots a copy of Scientific American magazine, then finds an apple stuck behind the seat belt. She yanks the apple out, looks at i Howard looks at her in the rear view mirror.
57) 1) dialog: You can have that. I have more.
58) 0) text: Howard's car merges onto the highway, westbound toward Ne Mexico and into the night. Mary sleep talks in the back.
60) 0) text: Elizabeth, Mary and Howard step onto the curb and survey crowd. On one side, an odd assortment of fans with signs like "F CLORIS", "JAIL REAL CRIMINALS, NOT OLD LADIES" and "OSCAR WINNERS DON'T KILL", with photos of Cloris Leachman throu the years. On the other side of the crowd, a smaller group of MEXICA MOURNERS with signs "JUSTICE FOR JUAN", "GUILTY", and "LE THE BITCH FRY".
60) 1) dialog: Guilty or not? They all think about it. A greasy haired Shaman CLYDE ste up behind them.
60) 11) dialog: Who doesn't?
63) 0) text: Howard wanders through the crowd wearing an "I V Cloris" shirt over his own. He passes a VENDOR selling "Innocence Beads", "Acquittal Incense" and "autographed" Cloris Leac photos. The crowd continues to grow. A Candles are lit, healing rituals performed, donuts passed around.
81) 0) text: Howard and Mary fasten their seat belts.
81) 1) dialog: This storm could be bad. Sure you want to drive into it?
86) 0) text: Torrential rain pelts the line of vehicles heading north. The only movement in the southbound lanes -- Howard's car
88) 0) text: Howard and Mary can barely see out the window. The car inches along. Mary digs in a KFC bag, takes out a handy wipe, starts cleaning her body with it.
88) 3) dialog: I saw Steve talking to you... He wasn't very nice. Mary makes herself busy putting the handy wipe in her Kro bag then looks out the window.
88) 12) dialog: You know what my favorite part of doing crosswords is? When you know something you didn't think you knew. Mary thinks about it, then turns back to looking out the window.
90) 0) text: The northbound lanes now empty, Howard's car is the only on the road.
91) 0) text: Howard stares out the window, the first look of real fear his face.
91) 1) dialog: Hang on. He hits the brakes, starts backing up as quickly as possi Mary looks ahead -- sees what looks like a tornado up ahe
92) 0) text: Mary and Howard run up the cement embankment as the rain winds swirl all around them.
92) 1) dialog: We'll just have to wait for this to pass, then we'll keep going. It'll be okay. They look down to the road just in time to see Howard's c picked up and blown right through the underpass, landing its side in a ditch fifty yards away.
95) 0) text: As the storm calms around them, Howard and an exhausted M crouch in the sheltered area. They use a little flashligh on Mary's keychain to watch debris blowing by.
95) 7) dialog: Barium... I spy with my little
95) 11) dialog: My best seller. I'm an apple sculptor. She's quiet for once. Howard watches her drift off.
95) 12) dialog: I went to school for physics but got bored. Now I just make these and sell them on appleheadsrule.com. I was going to give that one to my girlfriend in Bangor but I can make her another one. She'd probably prefer a Stephen Hawking one anyway. Science is her life. Not like my girlfriend in Tacoma. She's really into Jesus. Same as my other girlfriend in Duluth. He waits for a response - nothing.
95) 13) dialog: Maybe I'll meet them in person one day. They're just so far away and I don't get out much, not farther than the apple orchard or the post office anyway.
95) 20) dialog: I saw the people on TV fighting for Baby Peggy. It wasn't far from my house, and the people there looked nice enough, so I went. I thought I had everything I needed at home but then I thought, maybe there's more.
95) 22) dialog: Can I tell you something? Mary nods.
95) 23) dialog: I like your eyeballs.
95) 25) dialog: Brownish gray. I know. They both smile.
97) 0) text: The storm subsided, nothing but a light rain. Howard and Mary stand beside the car on its side in the shallow ditc
97) 2) dialog: Quagmire?
104) 0) text: As Mary and Howard try to tip the car, Mary is distracted a rental van barrelling down the interstate, northbound.
108) 2) dialog: "Please meet..." He looks at Mary, disgusted, continues reading.
108) 3) dialog: M-E-A-T. "Please meat me there. XO Steve".
108) 10) dialog: No kidding. She rushes to the car, Howard joins her. They push the ca with everything they have, it tips back onto its wheels. jump in the car and start it up.
114) 0) text: Howard searches for a space to park. Every inch of the pl is packed with cars, trucks, buses. Mary prays.
118) 0) text: Mary and Howard run through the crowd. Mary spots George, the Protestor from Oklahoma and his Wife.
129) 0) text: State Troopers hold back the growing crowd. Howard looks toward the rescue site, worried. He tries to sneak under rope but a State Trooper points him back.
144) 0) text: As night falls, the crowd at the fence starts lighting an candles, passing them around. Among them, George, Lydia, now Carlos, the backpack dispensing hot cocoa guy from Oklahoma. They all look on, worried. Howard stands at the barrier looking more worried than anybody. Elizabeth pushes through the crowd to him. She's wearing red rubber boots.
144) 7) dialog: She'll be okay. She will. Howard looks behind him at the ever growing crowd.
144) 8) dialog: All this. For her. He manages a sad smile.
160) 0) text: The spectators all gather, candles in hand, hands joined silent prayer. An ELDERLY COUPLE hands Howard and Elizabeth candles. How looks around at the rest of the crowd - strangers watchin waiting, worried.
160) 1) dialog: They don't even know her.
165) 0) text: Howard, Elizabeth and Carlos watch from the fence.
186) 2) dialog: You're okay.
189) 0) text: A huge gated property. Mary opens the gate and walks up a tree covered path, Howard right behind her, all the other Protestors following. For once, Mary isn't doing all the talking.
189) 1) dialog: That bus driver looked like Francis Galton. Did you see that?
189) 8) dialog: In retrospect, and I say this with some hesitation because I don't like to have actual regrets so I'll just say I'm beginning to perpend -
189) 10) dialog: I'm beginning to perpend whether or not eating three bags of caramel corn for lunch was the smartest thing to do. Honestly I'm this close to spewing... Mary reaches the end of the path and stops, waits for everybody else to catch up. They're in complete awe of th monstrous Georgian estate before them.