0) 0) text: Ten plastic folding chairs line the hallway -- all empty except for one. In the last chair sits Mary Horowitz, 31, in her best synthetic cardigan, somebody's grandmother's skirt, her o red rubber boots. Genius meets retard. She mumbles to herself.
0) 1) dialog: Four letter word for... vomit. She takes a deep breath to calm her nerves. it doesn't he
0) 2) dialog: Not "barf". For sure not "barf". That's too easy. "Puke" is okay, but maybe a bit pedestrian (that means boring)... I like "hurl". I do. I like the way it rolls off your tongue -- the word, I mean. But my all time favorite is none of those. She puts her head between her knees, tries to keep it together.
0) 8) dialog: Four letter word for vomit? S-P-E- W. Spew... Sp-ew. A door nearby opens but Mary doesn't budge. A POLICE OFFI walks out. A 40ish female TEACHER pokes her head out the door, signa to Mary.
0) 10) dialog: Jesus help me.
1) 0) text: Mary stands in front of the chalkboard, "CAREER DAY" writ in huge letters behind her. She smiles with terror at the class of 10 year old KIDS. The Teacher reads from her notes.
1) 2) dialog: You weren't supposed to tell them.
1) 4) dialog: I made a crossword puzzle to help them guess what my job is. You ruined it.
1) 13) dialog: People do crossword puzzles all the time but they don't often think of the person who made all the words fit together, and who thought up the clues, and who made sure the little black squares at the top mirror the ones at the bottom. She pulls one of the crosswords out of the garbage can, h it up, turns it upside down, forces a nervous smile.
1) 14) dialog: Crossword constructors usually have above average intelligence, with knowledge of just about every subject you can imagine. And it helps if they can spell. The card in Mary's hand reads "LAUGH". She laughs. Nobody else does. She looks at the cards again, instantly gets serious, sweeps her hand through the air.
1) 15) dialog: Imagine, for a moment, a world without crossword puzzles. A world- Mary notices one Kid with his hand up. It totally throws off.
1) 24) dialog: My parents -
1) 29) dialog: Water.
1) 31) dialog: Yep, I live at home... She forces herself to get it together, totally faking it.
1) 32) dialog: But so do all of you, so there... And sure, I only create one crossword puzzle a week but I have deadlines, I have stress, I have demands on me so huge you would not believe. The newspaper business is hell. I mean it. Hell. Somebody's got to write about all the horrors that go on in this world.
1) 39) dialog: Me! My crossword puzzle is always good news. it enlightens. it r andma's entertains. It keeps your g mind alive so she remembers to send you five bucks on your birthday. Think about that as you lie in bed tonight picking your nose and crying yourself to sleep. I know I will. The Kids just stare at her. She leans against the teacher desk, tries to look relaxed but fails miserably.
1) 40) dialog: My job matters, you know. In media circles I am, as the Dutch say, geliefd. That means I have plenty of friends. Hoards, in fact. Scads even. The kids aren't buying it.
1) 42) dialog: That's a pretty blouse. The Teacher smiles back. Awkward.
2) 0) text: The front doors of the school swing open and a visibly sh Mary walks out. She takes a deep breath and embraces deni
2) 6) dialog: Twelve letter phrase for smashing success! She heads down the walkway toward the bus stop.
2) 7) dialog: As one would say in old Paris... Coup de maitre! A CUSTODIAN cleaning the school yard looks up. Mary keeps talking - now to him.
2) 8) dialog: It means "master stroke", even though the direct translation is actually "master blow"... Leave it to the French to pass off an unpleasant slave activity as an everyday expression. The Custodian doesn't know what the hell she's talking ab Mary continues on to the bus stop.
3) 0) text: The CITY BUS DRIVER watches as Mary pays her $1.75 one ni at a time.
3) 1) dialog: I sometimes suffer from benign positional vertigo. Could you please not drive until I'm - f He ignores her, starts driving. Mary struggles toward t back o f the bus, grabbing g goes.
3) 2) dialog: Excuse me... pardonnez-moi... begnadiyen sie mich... She lurches for an empty seat and just about dislodges he shoulder on the center pole. Finally settled, she peeks under her sweater at the shoulder damage.
3) 3) dialog: Hello hematoma. She smiles at an angry ELDERLY LADY sitting across from h The lady gives her the "don't talk to me" glare, then sta out the window. Mary fidgets in her seat.
4) 0) text: A frail 80 year old man MR. TAKIHASHI works alongside his wspapers, 40ish granddaughter BETTY selling magazines, ne smokes and Pocky. In the corner of the newsstand, a muted TV features CNN "Breaking News" coverage of a high speed car chase. BUSINESSMEN are glued to the images as they wait in line. Mary grabs a half a dozen different newspapers, yells to Takihashi like he's deaf.
4) 1) dialog: 
4) 3) dialog: Hi Betty. Betty just rings up the papers.
4) 4) dialog: Did you see the review of "Hairspray" in the Journal yesterday? They used the word "spectacular" -- always a good sign. Maybe you'd like to go see it with rne? I have a coupon for five dollars off. Betty shoves the newspapers back across the counter, poin at them, then speaks in barely recognizable English.
4) 11) dialog: We could bring your dad if you want. I don't think the show is ageist. That means he won't feel like a loser for being old. As she takes her time paying, Mr. Takihashi madly gesture about Mary holding up the line. Betty barks at her.
4) 13) dialog: So no then? That's a no? Betty ignores her. Mary waits, loads the newspapers into bag.
6) 0) text: An 1890 Colonial Revival home surrounded by White Oaks. Oversized statue of the Blessed Virgin in the flower bed. Mezuzah on the door. Face still in the newspaper, Mary trips up the steps and skids onto the porch. Her knee starts to bleed.
6) 6) dialog: Crap.
7) 0) text: It's house that's been lived in. Every inch cluttered wit old newspapers, family photos, various objet d'art, and books, books and more books. Mary steps out of her boots and marches into the living r where her 50ish mother, MRS. HOROWITZ, sits reading with HOROWITZ (late 50's, professorial head to toe, furrowed b to worn loafers).
7) 1) dialog: "Brilliant" is what they said. Never in the history of St. Margaret's Career Day have the children's brains been so inordinately stimulated as they were today by my presentation.
7) 3) dialog: "Inspired", the teacher told me.
7) 5) dialog: "Engrossing" one child exclaimed.
7) 7) dialog: I'm sure that's what he meant. And "ebullient"-
7) 14) dialog: Dad, some of the greatest orators of all time had their heads chopped off for their labors. I'm lucky to escape with a simple flesh wound. Mary hands over the last newspaper, heads out to the hall Her mother yells to her.
7) 16) dialog: I told you I'm not going.
7) 18) dialog: Mrs. Alchessi has gliomatosis cerebri.
7) 20) dialog: A brain tumor characterized by, among other things, dementia. She's nuts. Mary walks up the stairs.
7) 22) dialog: I'm normal. Silence from her parents. Mary marches back into the livi room.
7) 23) dialog: In fact, I'm normalis extremes. That's the kind of normal that doesn't get more normal.
7) 30) dialog: I'll go. Mary bolts up the stairs to her room. Mr. and Mrs. Horowitz look at each other, surprised, happ
8) 0) text: Storage room or bedroom? Boxes and books all over the pla In the middle of it all, a bed. On the dresser, a bunch of photos of Mary Tyler Moore in 1970's. Taped to the mirror, the chosen photo Horowitz smart blue sweater and skirt ensemble. An wears the exact same outfit. Oddly, surprisingly current and actually hot. She leans over the gerbil cage next to her desk, taps to up the :Lone, fat occupant.
8) 1) dialog: Carol, tonight I have a date. A blind one. Not the guy, I mean the situation. We are, as yet, unknown to one another... It's nerve wracking, I know. Try not to have a spontaneous epileptiform seizure. The doorbell rings. Mary freezes, listens for the muffled voices downstairs. She sits on the corner of her bed and breathes rapidly in paper bag. There's a knock on her bedroom door. Mary folds up the ba puts it in her pocket for later, then opens the door a cr It's her mother.
8) 8) dialog: I'd rather not. Mrs. Horowitz opens the door wider, takes a look at Mary, looks like she's going to cry.
8) 10) dialog: i already did. Repeatedly.
8) 12) dialog: Please don't mean on the inside.
8) 14) dialog: Let's hope all that does it for him.
9) 0) text: A bored, CNN jacket wearing Steve looks up to see Mrs. Horowitz descending the stairs. Not far behind, Mary take each step like her knees are fused together but still man to look hot. Steve's pleasantly surprised. With one look at Steve, Mary's eyes glaze over as if a ch is screaming "hallelujah" in her brain. As Mary reaches the bottom step --
10) 0) text: Mary runs into her room, kneels down in front of the mizr and crucifix on the wall. Hands clasped in prayer.
10) 1) dialog: Gods. You may have noticed that I'm wearing clean socks. Translation: I'm really trying and thus should be amply rewarded. Thanks for your support. She gets up, has a second thought, gets back onto her kne
10) 2) dialog: And by support I don't mean, you know - She hikes up her bra.
10) 3) dialog: I mean your assistance, your furtherance, your advocacy of my efforts to get out there and... do what I'm supposed to do. She concentrates hard, opens her eyes. Now she's ready.
11) 0) text: Steve waits as Mary walks down the stairs again, this tim bit more relaxed.
12) 2) dialog: I never went to kindergarten! He looks at her, totally confused.
12) 3) dialog: They skipped me to the forth grade.
12) 5) dialog: I missed finger painting. He has no clue what to say.
12) 12) dialog: Me too. She lunges for his lips but the seatbelt snaps her back inches short.
12) 15) dialog: You're not her type. And she's married.
12) 18) dialog: Steve?
12) 20) dialog: Is it Steven with a V or Stephen with a P-H?
12) 28) dialog: I thought so. There are almost a million Stevens with a V in the country, you know. It's much more popular than the P-H way, almost twice as popular in fact. I think it's the Brits who prefer the P-H. They love their P-H's over there. Not as much as they love their fish and chips but still, they love them. It was the media thing, you know, that's why our moms wanted us to get together. You work in the media, so do I. We really have to hand it to our moms, Steve, we do, and not just for raising us, or for thriving during a time when women painstakingly struggled for equality, but I mean we should hand it to them for being visionaries and predicting our all encompassing compatibility. We're professionally compatible, yes, but it's occurring to me at this particular moment that we're also sexually compatible, and I don't know if you noticed like I noticed but we're also both wearing blue. What are the chances of that? Actually, if I really think about it, the chances are probably pretty good. Blue is one of the most popular three colors, however, yours is- She leans forward and checks the fabric tag on the neck o his jacket. She can't quite read it. She reaches up and flips on the interior light. Steve's just about blinded. She grabs the tag, reads.
12) 29) dialog: Nylon. And mine... She grabs her own tag and reads it, just about elbowing S in the eye.
12) 30) dialog: Polyester! See? Both synthetic fibres! And the chances of that are much smaller than the chances of us just wearing blue. Steve looks at Mary - suddenly fully aware of her crazine
12) 36) dialog: Do you like crosswords?
12) 38) dialog: Me too! And semantics, the study of the meaning of words? You love words, right?
12) 40) dialog: I know! She can hardly believe her good fortune. Her mind reels j as fast as her lips.
12) 41) dialog: Steve with a V, you know what we are? We're didymous. Two of a kind. Two rare earth elements brought together by Norns, that's Scandinavian for The Destinies. You want to make out for ten to fifteen minutes more then go get a six pack of Twinkies and Mountain Dew and stay up all night and talk? Steve is frozen. No escape - then it hits him. He jumps a bit, pulls out his cell phone.
12) 43) dialog: I didn't hear it ring.
12) 45) dialog: I didn't feel it
12) 53) dialog: It's okay. When you get back we can have plenty of quality time.
12) 55) dialog: Steve, this has been a night to remember.
12) 57) dialog: Normal.
13) 0) text: Mary's parents hear the door open then Mary's footsteps h the stairs. Mrs. Horowitz jumps up, rushes to meet her.
13) 7) dialog: Mom, sometimes that's all you need to know he's the one! Mary smiles big, takes the rest of the stairs up two at a time. Mrs. Horowitz is about to follow her.
14) 0) text: Mary leaps from the doorway and lands on her bed in penci pose, smiling up at the ceiling.
14) 1) dialog: Eleven letter word for serendipity. She screams into her pillow.
14) 2) dialog: The perfect answer: S-E-R-E-N-D-I-P- I-T-Y. Serendipity. Why would you ever need a better word than that? She sits up, grabs her notebook, starts to draw out a new crossword puzzle.
16) 0) text: Mary stands at the front of the full elevator, smiling, a piece of paper gripped in her hand.
17) 0) text: Mary walks out of the elevator and heads through the offi Nobody seems to notice her.
21) 9) dialog: Romantic?
21) 11) dialog: Creativo? That's Italian for "creative".
21) 13) dialog: How about -
21) 15) dialog: Oh. up her Kroger She looks like she's going to cry. She picks bag, fidgets.
21) 16) dialog: Maybe I could make it up to you by doing a fishing themed crossword. I know how you love the piscatology. Soloman shakes his head -- it's done. Mary hesitates then finally gets up.
21) 17) dialog: Okay. I'll just give you some time then. We'll talk next week.
22) 0) text: Mary walks up to the front steps where Mr. Horowitz sits
22) 3) dialog: Indeed.
22) 5) dialog: Finished with the Times? She goes to take the paper. He stops her.
22) 7) dialog: How do you think? She looks at him -- worry all over his face. She hesitate for a moment then sucks it up.
22) 8) dialog: Because if you're thinking that they loved it, that they thought it was imaginative and bold and evocative... you would be right.
22) 15) dialog: He works a lot, you know. Travels all the time. 'Tis possible he has not yet espied it. She picks up the crossword, admires it.
22) 16) dialog: But when he does, I'm sure he'll say, "that Mary Horowitz... is a catch. Where oh where has she been all my empty life? From here onward my life will be divided into 'before I met Mary' and 'after I met Mary' with the second part being far superior. I am lonely no more. The missing letter in my puzzle has at last been found."
22) 18) dialog: I'm not.
24) 0) text: Mary does a crossword while soaking in the bathtub. Witho missing an answer, she reaches over the side of the tub, grabs the telephone on the floor. She checks the dial ton hangs up quickly, continues with the puzzle.
24) 1) dialog: Four letter word for am I going to wait my whole life for Steve to call? She suddenly stops writing.
24) 2) dialog: Nope. She flails out of the tub like a salmon heading upstream, grabs a towel barely big enough to cover her. Without any effort to dry off, she runs out of the bathroom.
25) 0) text: Towel wrapped around her but barely covering, Mary reache the top of the stairs. Her wet feet sliding all over the place, she opts for the safety of a banister slide. She g up on it, slides a few inches before realizing what a bad idea it was.
25) 1) dialog: Ow ow ouch. She gets off the banister, slops the rest of the way down stairs, jumps into the doorway of the living room.
25) 7) dialog: The news is Steve's life! It's not just what he does, it's who he is, imbedded deep down in his polymer of nucleotides. I should be out there by his side. That's what girlfriends do, isn't it? Let him concentrate on his work. I'll concentrate on the relationship. It won't be easy, I know, but neither is quantum physics or... the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle or... paper mache, but I've managed to do fine with those, haven't I? She looks at her parents. They sit at a table playing bri with MR. and MRS. HANCOCK.
25) 9) dialog: Top of the evening. Mr. Hancock checks out Mary's bare legs as she stands in puddle of bath water. Mrs. Hancock lifts her husband's ch snaps him out of it.
25) 11) dialog: Exactly! And all I have to do is go to him, be near him, and do my best to radiate... me. Mr. Horowitz doesn't like the sound of this.
25) 19) dialog: Wherever news happens, Dad. Wherever news happens.
26) 0) text: PASSENGERS board the bus destined for Dallas. Way too excited in her red boots, Mary is the last in line. She h her mother then jumps up onto the first step of the bus. Horowitz holds Mary's knapsack and Kroger bag, shakes his head in disbelief.
26) 2) dialog: Abe, Catherine, I'm off. I don't know where I'm going - The Greyhound Bus DRIVER hollers from behind her.
26) 4) dialog: Geographically yes, I know. Figuratively, philosophically, spiritually, much less so. My entire life is before me. The world is my ostrea edulis... That means the edible kind of oyster.
26) 6) dialog: Mom, two handles, two handles, they both hold stuff, what's the difference? Mrs. Horowitz goes to explain, gives up.
26) 13) dialog: Disrespect. Do you mean unmannerly, tactless, vulgar? Because he's a straight man, Dad, and some things can't be helped. But if you mean inconsiderate to me, contemptuous toward me, insulting, irreverent, uncivil -
26) 16) dialog: I don't know when I'll be back but I do know this- The door shuts in her face.
26) 18) dialog: (to herself) I'm not coming back alone.
27) 0) text: The bus is full. Most PASSENGERS sleep. Mary sits in the aisle seat of the first row, a BURLY MAN his 60's beside her. The light above their seats illumina the crossword puzzle he's working on. Mary looks over his shoulder, points to the blank spaces in his puzzle.
27) 1) dialog: Omaha... Einstein... cholera... grenade... Bach... oui... potbelly... Oreo. The man drops the crossword, glares at her.
27) 2) dialog: Sorry. She looks away, starts biting her nails, then spots a sig the freeway, calls-out to the Driver and anybody else who will listen.
27) 3) dialog: Bessemer, Alabama! Named after Sir Henry Bessemer, a Brit. Guess what he did? Perfected the way steel is made, of course.
27) 10) dialog: You know what else is in Bessemer? The city, I mean? Hitler's typewriter. It's crazy, I know. That guy was such an asshole. The Driver's eyes glaze over. Please let this and.
29) 2) dialog: Can you watch my stuff? He glares at her -- you have got to be kidding. Mary grab her backpack and Kroger bag and steps off the bus.
30) 0) text: Mary walks into the restaurant, heads toward the ladies r On her way, she spots a television behind the counter. A DINERS watch. Mary joins them. On the TV: "MEDIEVAL TIMES HOSTAGE CRISIS".
30) 8) dialog: Homing pigeons. A few of the Diners overhear.
30) 10) dialog: Carrier pigeons, despite their name, are more or less useless when it comes to actually carrying anything. Homing pigeons are better for messenger work... The Diners lose interest. Mary catches the eye of a WANDE at the end of the counter. He's hanging on her every word
30) 11) dialog: You know who used them all the time? Genghis Khan. Loved the pigeons, scared to death of pooches though. The Wanderer just stares at her.
30) 12) dialog: You know, dogs, canines, de honden? Still nothing. She looks back at the TV.
30) 20) dialog: My boyfriend is probably holding that camera right now. The Diners ignore her and just eat their pie. Mary realiz the time, runs out of the rest stop.
31) 0) text: Mary runs out into the parking lot. The bus is gone.
31) 1) dialog: Crap! Crap, crap, crap! She looks down the road -- no sign of the bus anywhere. S takes her paper bag out of her pocket, breathes into it. A TRUCK DRIVER passes her with coffee in hand, on his way his rig.
31) 2) dialog: Do you know when the next bus to Dallas goes through here?
31) 4) dialog: I missed mine. She breathes double time into the paper bag. He takes pit on her.
31) 11) dialog: You ever killed animals? He looks at her, surprised but amused.
31) 13) dialog: Set a garbage can full of kittens on fire or anything like that? Now he's disturbed.
31) 15) dialog: Humans?
31) 17) dialog: Touche, sir. Touche. Mary thinks some more.
31) 19) dialog: Do you have a .light? Matches, Zippo, blow torch, et al?
31) 21) dialog: May I see your license? Why not. He pulls his license out of the visor, flashes i Mary steps up and grabs it, looks at it closely.
31) 22) dialog: Norman James Durwood.
31) 28) dialog: Mary Magdalene Horowitz.
31) 30) dialog: Norm, if you're going to rape and murder me, you'll have to cut me up into a million chunks and scatter me all over four states, otherwise this appendage - She holds her arm up, shows him.
31) 31) dialog: Will lead homicide detectives right to you. She smiles at him warmly, puts the marker back in her bag
31) 32) dialog: And you already told me you don't have a light to burn the flesh off. Norm can't believe this. Before he can say a word, Mary moves around to the passenger side, hops up into the truc She notices some snacks on the dash.
31) 33) dialog: Moon Pies! Want to go halfsies? At a loss, Norm motions for Mary to help herself. As she unwraps a Pie, he reluctantly starts up the truck.
32) 0) text: Norm drives as Mary drones on while flipping through a tr repair manual.
32) 1) dialog: And my other rule about crossword puzzles is this. No pencils. Doing a crossword with a pencil is like screaming with your lips duct taped together. It's weak.
32) 9) dialog: Oh. She thinks about it, whispers.
32) 10) dialog: Do you mean quiet as in softly hushed like this? Or do you mean quiet, as in silent? He nods. Mary squeezes her lips together, holds them. It lasts for about a second.
32) 11) dialog: Norm?
32) 13) dialog: Thanks for not raping me.
33) 2) dialog: Eight letter word for "screwed". Mary crosses to the Medieval Times parking lot, steps ove the police line blowing in the wind.
33) 3) dialog: F-A-S-T-E-N-E-D. Fastened.
34) 0) text: Mary walks past TV in the bus station tuned to Fox News. On every screen - images of an upset WOMAN dodging press get through the doors of Children's Hospital, Oklahoma Ci The screen caption: "The Fight for Baby Peggy".
35) 0) text: Mary talks on a pay phone.
35) 1) dialog: All roads lead to Oklahoma, Papa.
36) 0) text: Mary's parents share the phone.
37) 0) text: Mary continues on the phone.
37) 1) dialog: My road, dad. My road. You don't commit to a relationship and then give up because you'd rather be at home curled up in front of the fireplace with a thesaurus. This is what people are supposed to do - go out on a limb for love. My limb just happens to be in Oklahoma. It's only 850 miles away from home. No big deal.
41) 0) text: Mary steps onto the hospital grounds and looks all around - NEWS CREWS circulate, PATIENTS and staff walk in and ou the hospital, protestors line the fence. Somewhere in the middle, she finds what she's hunting for -- Steve. Mary's face lights up and she starts running toward him - her mind, no doubt in slow motion, with clouds parting to light her way. Steve's attention is drawn away from the interview with Howard. He spots Mary running toward him, arms outstretch
41) 2) dialog: Steve! She jumps into his arms but he's only got one arm free an isn't about to use it to catch her. She slides down his l to the ground but quickly picks herself up.
41) 3) dialog: I'm here! Surprised?
41) 10) dialog: Astounded, flabbergasted, bushwacked - He pulls Mary off to the side, away from everybody.
41) 12) dialog: Talking to you. And noticing how the Oklahoma climate agrees with your complexion.
41) 14) dialog: Of course not... I went to Dallas looking for you first. And you know why? Steve grabs his head. This is not happening.
41) 15) dialog: Because you're inimitable and I'm intransigent.
41) 17) dialog: It means you're awesome and I'm unstoppable.
41) 19) dialog: Mind blowing. At a complete loss, he just goes along.
41) 26) dialog: I know. I'm just here to support you, show you I care, and also ask why you aren't following that guy pretending to be a nurse but obviously not wearing sterilizable, non-slip footwear. Steve looks toward the hospital, spots the Man.
41) 27) dialog: If I was Baby Peggy's dad, that's how I'd avoid the press too. Steve takes off running. Mary yells out to him.
41) 28) dialog: I'll be right here in case you want to make out later on! Steve looks back, a bunch of people stare. Mary waves to then watches until he's out of sight. A SECURITY GUARD approaches her.
42) 0) text: An overweight 30ish woman ELIZABETH (who shouldn't be wea those low rise pants and cropped tee) lights a bunch of candles in the grass behind the protestor fence. She reac the last candle in line just as Mary walks up to join the group. Elizabeth looks up at Mary, smiles.
42) 2) dialog: Thanks. I found them in an alley. Elizabeth looks at the boots again, impressed. She stands up.
42) 4) dialog: Neither really.
42) 7) dialog: I'm just here because my boyfriend is working the story. He's with CNN, the world's news leader, the most trusted name in news, the place where more -
42) 9) dialog: I'm definitely pro-leg.
43) 0) text: Mr. and Mrs. Horowitz watch TV and read at the same time. The TV is on mute --- CNN's Baby Peggy coverage. In the corner of the screen, "amputation countdown - 35 hours". Shots of the protestors' candlelight vigil appear the screen. Mrs. Horowitz spots Mary in the crowd, standing next to Elizabeth. She sings and waves her candle around, all the while straining to look for Steve.
45) 7) dialog: Thanks, Bruno. He walks away. Mary takes a sip of the hot chocolate, bur her mouth.
45) 8) dialog: Crap. She grabs her tongue with her fingers. Hartman appears ri in front of her.
45) 11) dialog: Mary.
45) 14) dialog: Thank y- He puts an arm around her, pulls her away from the crowd.
45) 24) dialog: No?
45) 26) dialog: Of course. I don't want to interfere in his work but I just need to be here for him and - He grabs her, hugs her in so her words are all muffled - yet she keeps talking.
45) 34) dialog: Pro-leg. She shows him her button featuring a cartoon of a very ha three legged baby. Hartman laughs.
45) 36) dialog: She'd just be like the tree frogs. Hartman turns around. What?
45) 37) dialog: A trematode parasite causes polymely (that means extra limbs) in tree frogs. It happens all the time. In some ponds there's like a quarter of the tree frogs with extra legs. Totally natural. Hartman looks at her like she's a nutcase.
50) 0) text: Mary celebrates with the other protestors. The Protestor his Protestor Wife cry tears of joy. Mary pulls a tissue of her bag, hands it over. The husband takes it, turns aw and wipes his eyes.
50) 6) dialog: There you go, George. Just a little nasolacrimal duct cleaning. Nothing to be ashamed of. Elizabeth runs up to Mary, hugs her.
50) 8) dialog: Steve!
53) 0) text: As the van drives, Mary runs to catch up.
53) 1) dialog: Steve! STEVE!
54) 0) text: Hartman spots Mary in the rear view mirror.
54) 15) dialog: Steve? Are you okay? Is he okay? Angus leans over to her window.
54) 23) dialog: Oh no.
54) 26) dialog: Thank you.
54) 30) dialog: What if it's a viral zoonotic disease? He should see a doctor.
54) 32) dialog: But wait, what if - up. Hartman grabs her face, squishes her lips to shut her
54) 40) dialog: Will you take care of him?
55) 0) text: Mary watches the van drive away.
56) 0) text: Only a few protestors remain. Abandoned signs and garbage cover the grass. Elizabeth gets autographs from other protestors like it's the last day of high school. Mary runs up, grabs her bags.
56) 1) dialog: Elizabeth! I have to meet Steve at his next job, in New Mexico. He's sick, not as in rad, although he is that too, but more like unwell, infirm, perhaps barfy. Hopefully nothing serious but you never can be too sure and besides, healthy or not, he needs me.
56) 8) dialog: The trip's not too long, right through all kinds of interesting sites like, for example, El Santuario de Chimayo: The Lourdes of America. Know what that is? A sacred sand pit near a burrito stand. What could be better than that? Mary looks away from Elizabeth, fidgets a bit.
56) 9) dialog: Want to go? Unless you're busy, I mean. You probably have something better to do. Elizabeth thinks about it.
56) 14) dialog: What kind of car do you have?
56) 16) dialog: What year?
56) 23) dialog: Replace the recalled seat belts?
56) 25) dialog: Let's grab souvenirs! Elizabeth and Howard each pick up a Baby Peggy sign off t ground. Mary grabs as many as she can hold -- way, way to many. A bunch of them slide off but she perseveres.
57) 0) text: Howard starts the car. In the passenger seat, Elizabeth h a bunch of the protest signs crammed in at her feet. Mary gets settled in the back seat, spots a copy of Scientific American magazine, then finds an apple stuck behind the seat belt. She yanks the apple out, looks at i Howard looks at her in the rear view mirror.
57) 2) dialog: Thanks. Mary puts the apple in her Kroger bag.
57) 3) dialog: Howard, if you get sleepy and want to trade off driving for a while, just wake me up and I'll take over.
58) 0) text: Howard's car merges onto the highway, westbound toward Ne Mexico and into the night. Mary sleep talks in the back.
58) 1) dialog: Persimmon. AKA, the mabolo, the date-plum, the velvet apple. Genus: Diospyros.
60) 0) text: Elizabeth, Mary and Howard step onto the curb and survey crowd. On one side, an odd assortment of fans with signs like "F CLORIS", "JAIL REAL CRIMINALS, NOT OLD LADIES" and "OSCAR WINNERS DON'T KILL", with photos of Cloris Leachman throu the years. On the other side of the crowd, a smaller group of MEXICA MOURNERS with signs "JUSTICE FOR JUAN", "GUILTY", and "LE THE BITCH FRY".
60) 9) dialog: Be has a point.
60) 13) dialog: I have to go find Steve. How do I look? Unwashed hair, bed head, and there's a chunk of a Twinkie caked onto Mary's ear. Elizabeth picks the Twinkie off, smooths down Mary's hair.
60) 15) dialog: I'll be back. Save me a sign! And if Cloris comes out, tell her I loved her in "My Little Pony: The Movie". Mary runs off as Howard and Elizabeth join the crowd of f
61) 0) text: Mary walks among the news vans. At the entrance to a near tent, Hartman spots her, waves her over.
61) 7) dialog: Slept on it in the car. Where's Steve? Is he okay?
62) 0) text: A briefing area is set up - folding chairs, table, podium bunch of male journalists sit around the table playing po Vince (CNN), DOUG (CNN), the COURT TV REPORTER, a BBC NEW PHOTOGRAPHER, a FRENCH PHOTOGRAPHER, A SPANISH JOURNALIST Angus. Hartman escorts Mary in. The guys perk up a bit.
62) 2) dialog: Hello... Bonjour... Hola... Jolly afternoon... She gets to Angus. He kisses her hand.
62) 5) dialog: Poker? Technically I'm familiar but I've never actually played. With people, I mean.
64) 0) text: Mary holds her cards close to her.
64) 1) dialog: "There are few things that are so unpardonably neglected in our country as poker." Guess who said that one. She looks around the table. The guys, except Angus, are starting to lose their patience.
64) 2) dialog: Mark Twain. And you know what else-
64) 4) dialog: Sorry. Mary looks at her cards, thinks about it for way too long then grabs a handful of coins from her Kroger bag, slaps on the table.
64) 5) dialog: Send it, ladies! Steve steps into the tent, spots Mary, turns to run back
64) 7) dialog: Thank God you're okay!
65) 0) text: Steve tries to stay calm talking to Mary.
65) 2) dialog: I'm not. It's more like picking travel destinations based on where you happen to be working.
65) 4) dialog: Hartman told me you wanted me here. Now that I am, what better opportunity for us to get to know each other better.
65) 6) dialog: Hartman said you'd say that.
65) 8) dialog: And he said you'd say that too. It's just your fear talking. Steve just about loses it.
65) 16) dialog: You know how sometimes you see a pinguid (that means fat and greasy) guy with an attractive girl and you think how the heck did he pull that off? People won't think that when they look at us. We're perfectly matched. She can hardly contain her excitement.
65) 30) dialog: Stop it, you guys! Stop! "Victory attained by violence is tantamount to a defeat, for it is momentary." You know who said that? Gandhi. And me. Just now. The fight continues. Mary half covers her eyes.
67) 10) dialog: No! This isn't about money! It's about courage, love, honor and all things virtuous and pure. Steve, kick him in the leberknoedel! Hartman looks up at her, hurt. The distraction costs him. Steve knees him then follows with a jab to his face.
67) 16) dialog: He fought for me. Happiest moment of her life.
68) 13) dialog: Please! Somebody help him! Apply a vasoconstrictor, a nasal tampon, anything! At the absolute least, direct pressure and a clean tissue! Steve puts the camera back in place. Hartman recovers fas
71) 0) text: Elizabeth runs around hugging other fans as Mary stands a the fence watching the press wrap up, worried. Clyde the Shaman joins her at the fence, looks right at h raises a finger to his lips.
71) 2) dialog: What? I didn't -
71) 11) dialog: Wait! Steve! Hartman spots her.
71) 13) dialog: No, wait! Attendee! She runs to the end of the fence, jumps it, runs after th
72) 0) text: Mary runs to catch up with Steve, Angus and Hartman as th rush to the trucks.
72) 1) dialog: 
72) 4) dialog: But I do! If you're in trouble because of me I can fix it, I can explain to your boss. He or she probably just doesn't understand our relationship.
72) 11) dialog: Sure we do, it's just in the pupa stage right now.
73) 0) text: Mary runs to the street behind the CNN truck, stops on th sidewalk. Behind her, a run down rep theater -- "All Abov Eve" on the marquee. As she watches the truck drive away, her panic suddenly t to resolve.
73) 1) dialog: Six letter word for "over my lifeless, rigormortic and maggot infested, i.e. dead, body am I giving up now"... D-O-G-G- motherfucking-E-D. Dogged. She gets out her Chapstick, liberally applies it, dabs a on her temples as well.
73) 2) dialog: Normally I don't condone swearing. I think it's something people do when they don't have the vocabulary to express themselves properly, but even I, with my plenitudinous vocab, must admit -- every once in a while, it's okay to get a bit peppery -
74) 0) text: Mary talks on a pay phone. No pacing, no fidgeting. She means business.
74) 6) dialog: I got him in trouble, Dad. I have to go find him and make it right. There's three places they could be headed. She pulls a note pad out of her pocket, looks it over.
74) 7) dialog: For each story, I've worked out an equation of potential human casualties, estimated property damage, availability of endlessly repeatable images, with bonus points for anything involving reporters in galoshes. There's no doubt in my mind. They're heading to the storm in Galveston.
76) 0) text: Mary screams into the phone.
76) 1) dialog: Ridiculous? Mom! How many times did you propose to dad?
78) 0) text: Mary yells on the phone. PASSENGERS start to stare.
78) 1) dialog: I rest my case! If you gave up the first time dad said no then I wouldn't exist. Telling me to give up so soon on my potential husband- to-be, birth father of my twelve future children and adoptive father of my gerbil Carol -- you might as well be saying that you wish you had given up too and that you never married dad and that I'd never been born. Is that what you're saying?
80) 0) text: Elizabeth stands at the bus to Oklahoma City, a pile of Leachman signs at her feet. Mary approaches.
80) 1) dialog: Sure you don't want to come along?
81) 0) text: Howard and Mary fasten their seat belts.
81) 2) dialog: How bad could it be?
88) 0) text: Howard and Mary can barely see out the window. The car inches along. Mary digs in a KFC bag, takes out a handy wipe, starts cleaning her body with it.
88) 1) dialog: And when I met Steve, I knew right away we had a lot in common. We're both in the media, we both love crosswords, we both love words. We both felt this unexplainable connection, no matter how much his instinct might be to fight it. That's okay. We just have to get to know each other better, that's all. She uses the wipe on her face, gets a bit on her lip and taste is awful. She rolls down the window, closes her eye and gently sticks her face out to rinse with rain water. The car hits a flooded patch of the road. A wave of mud washes up and smacks Mary right in the face.
88) 2) dialog: Crap. She starts the handy wipe bath all over again. A nervous Howard speaks up.
88) 4) dialog: If there's one thing I learned from crossword puzzles it's that you can't give up.
88) 11) dialog: I have to give it one more try. I have to fix the mess I made with his work, then maybe he and I -- For the first time, she doesn't seem so sure. Howard notices.
88) 13) dialog: Me too.
91) 2) dialog: Oh my God. Howard backs under an overpass, points to a protected are the cement embankment.
92) 0) text: Mary and Howard run up the cement embankment as the rain winds swirl all around them.
92) 2) dialog: Crap!
95) 0) text: As the storm calms around them, Howard and an exhausted M crouch in the sheltered area. They use a little flashligh on Mary's keychain to watch debris blowing by.
95) 1) dialog: I spy with my little eye a chemical element from group two of the periodic table.
95) 9) dialog: Cobalt. Mary points to a steel belted tire on the ground, lays ba and shuts her eyes. Howard takes something out of his - i pocket, puts it in her hand. Mary looks at it shrivelled, sculpted apple head. She smiles, hardly able keep her eyes open.
95) 10) dialog: Mother Teresa.
95) 14) dialog: But you're out now. He's a bit surprised she was listening.
95) 21) dialog: Maybe there is.
95) 24) dialog: They're fuscous, that means -
97) 0) text: The storm subsided, nothing but a light rain. Howard and Mary stand beside the car on its side in the shallow ditc
97) 1) dialog: You know what I'd call this?
97) 3) dialog: Imbroglio, Howard. That means we're screwed.
104) 0) text: As Mary and Howard try to tip the car, Mary is distracted a rental van barrelling down the interstate, northbound.
106) 0) text: Mary spots the rental van approaching, swerving - Hartman waving a piece of paper out the window. As the van passes by, Hartman lets the paper go.
108) 0) text: Mary rushes to the ditch, picks up the paper.
108) 1) dialog: "Eunice, Louisiana. Please..." She stops reading, looks a bit uneasy. Howard steps forwa grabs the note.
108) 4) dialog: See? He needs me, if only to help with his spelling.
114) 0) text: Howard searches for a space to park. Every inch of the pl is packed with cars, trucks, buses. Mary prays.
114) 1) dialog: Please let those kids be okay.
118) 0) text: Mary and Howard run through the crowd. Mary spots George, the Protestor from Oklahoma and his Wife.
118) 1) dialog: George, Lydia! What's going on? Lydia hugs her.
120) 0) text: Mary celebrates with the other onlookers as if she forgot she's there. She glances toward the rescue site and spots Steve on the side. She gets excited all over again, ducks under the ta and runs toward him.
128) 0) text: Complete darkness. Mary's voice full of misery.
128) 1) dialog: Eight letter word for... my life has come to this. There's a bit of shuffling around in the dark.
128) 2) dialog: Not destiny, that's only seven letters. Not fortuity - that sounds more like when good things happen to people like finding a quarter in the sofa or something. I mean the not so great stuff that's bound to befall some people more than others. Fate's nasty cousin, I mean. Suddenly Mary's face lights up with her mini keychain flashlight.
128) 3) dialog: F-O-R-E-D-0-0-M. Foredoom.
128) 5) dialog: Crap.
135) 0) text: Mary shines her light around on the walls of the mine. Bl soot everywhere, a mine track, abandoned equipment.
135) 1) dialog: I am not afraid. I am not fearful, pusillanimous, nor am I affrighted. Suddenly in the light - a face. Mary screams her head off The face doesn't budge - it's a LITTLE DEAF GIRL.
135) 2) dialog: Oh my God, they forgot one! You scared the crap out of me. The girl just stares at her.
135) 8) dialog: I'm sorry, can you hear me, I mean at all? Do you have sensorineural hearing loss or conductive? "Deaf people can do anything except hear." You know who said that? Doctor Jordan, first deaf President of Gallaudet U. Maybe you'll go there one day. That is, unless we perish down here. Mary smiles. The Little Deaf Girl just stares back.
137) 0) text: Mary talks to the little Girl.
137) 1) dialog: And then there's black lung disease, also a problem in coal mines. Chronic cough, breathlessness, cyanosis - that's where your skin turns purple -- There's a CLINK behind Mary. She turns her light onto the area, sees the flashlight and note hanging from the thin rope. Mary grabs the flashlight, turns it on, reads the note.
145) 0) text: The headline "Mary Watch" is broadcast on a mammoth scree over Times Square.
146) 0) text: PASSENGERS are glued to a news ticker that reads "MARY WA RESCUE UNCERTAIN".
147) 0) text: Evening edition newspapers are loaded onto a truck. On th front page - "Mary Watch".
148) 0) text: A pair of LAUNDRY SORTERS are glued to the Mary Watch coverage on TV.
152) 0) text: Three FOURTEEN YEAR OLD GIRLS shop online. They click on "Mary Boots" - a picture of red rubber boots comes up. A STATES". banner underneath reads "NOW BANNED IN 4
153) 0) text: Mary talks to the Little Deaf Girl.
153) 1) dialog: Rhinolith, that's the real word. Rhino is nose, lithos means stone. Nose stone. You know what that is? Snot.
157) 0) text: Mary still talks.
157) 1) dialog: And Archimedes, there's another one. He was into math, philosophy, all kinds of stuff, then one day he was working out an equation in the sand and somebody stabbed him. Crappy, I know.
158) 0) text: A bus pulls up behind other parked and unloading buses. PEOPLE OF ALL AGES file off the buses, holding handmade " MARY" signs, stuffed animals, flowers, rosary beads, Klee They head toward the fence to join the others.
162) 0) text: Bar PATRONS are silent, glued to the "Mary Watch" coverag the overhead TV.
164) 0) text: Mary still talks.
164) 1) dialog: Happenstance, I love that word too. And you know what else - Mary coughs. Before she has a chance to catch her breath, rope with a small bag attached quickly drops next to her, bag hitting the floor. Mary unties the bag and looks insi to find water and sandwiches.
164) 7) dialog: No dessert. Crappy. Did you know that the word dessert comes from an old French word that means "clear the table"? Sometimes I feel like dinner is just doing time so I can get to the point, and of course the point always involves sugar. Who needs - The Little Deaf Girl covers her ears, vocalizes as much a she's able.
164) 9) dialog: I know. She sits down.
164) 10) dialog: I know. She notices the Little Girl's shoes are soaked. Mary move next to her, takes off her rubber boots and puts them on Little Girl. Mary puts an arm around her, holds her close - softly, her side, then speaks like she's a different person to herself, the Little Girl unable to read her lips.
164) 11) dialog: I'm not good at... silence. "Mary doesn't do quiet", that's how my grandmother always said it. "What's that hush?" she'd holler at a party. "It's Mary about to talk", then she'd laugh and laugh and laugh. Everybody would... But I knew something they didn't - that if you keep talking, if you keep on talking, you don't hear people telling you that you're different. You don't hear people saying they don't like you. And if you're talking, you just might not hear it when some kid... calls you a freak. Mary's eyes start to well.
164) 16) dialog: I just wanted to be normal, that's all. Steve said I was. She thinks about it, laughs a bit.
164) 17) dialog: I'm beginning to think newsmen can't entirely be trusted. She buttons up the Little Girl's sweater.
164) 18) dialog: The truth is normal is -- not me. She seems surprised she said it out loud. There's relief it.
164) 19) dialog: My friends, the people I've met over the past week, they're not normal either. They're more interesting, more original, more real, more rare. She suddenly gets it, brightens up.
164) 20) dialog: That's where I fit. - and for She thinks about it, in silence. The sadness fades the first time, she's comfortably quiet. She smiles at the Little Deaf Girl. The Little Deaf Girl smiles back. And they sit -- Mary totally calm. Mary hears something in the distance - a gentle PLINK PLI PLINK she couldn't have heard while talking. She picks up the flashlight, moves toward the noise. In a corner of the mine, a water drip hits on some old rusted mining tools, including two rusty vice grips. The Little Girl coughs. Mary looks back at her, concerned
164) 21) dialog: Little Deaf Girl, it's time for us to go home.
167) 0) text: The Laundry Sorters still glued to the Mary Watch coverag
170) 0) text: Mary cuts two pieces of excess rope off the bottom, attac each it to the hanging rope using the vice grips as makes climbing ascenders.
170) 1) dialog: After I got kicked out of Girl Scouts, while the other girls were learning how to sell cookies, I was at home reading the biography of Sir Edmund Hillary. Mary motions for the Little Deaf Girl to jump on piggybac She jumps up onto Mary's back, still in the red rubber bo Mary starts jugging up the rope, the vice grips and rope pieces acting like ladder steps. They start rising up slowly. Not an easy task. Mary struggles every step.
173) 0) text: Mr. and Mrs. Horowitz on the edge of their seats in front the Mary Watch TV coverage.
174) 0) text: The Little Deaf Girl helps Mary move one of the vice grip the rope.
176) 0) text: Mary looks up as the lights above get closer and closer.
177) 0) text: As the Rescuers, Firemen, Troopers, Media and Public look Mary at last appears above ground, the little Girl in her arms.
178) 0) text: Mrs. Horowitz hands her husband the box of Kleenex as the wail and watch Mary on TV, safely above ground.
180) 0) text: The staff breathe a sigh of relief when they see Mary ali on TV. Jim Soloman stares at the images, happy, acquiesce
182) 0) text: The Career Day teacher watches Mary on TV, wipes her eyes
184) 0) text: The Large Kid from the Career Day class walks into the li room where his DAD has Mary Watch on TV. The Kid holds up crossword, half done, and he's not happy about it.
185) 0) text: Mr. Takihashi watches Mary on TV, wipes his tears.
186) 0) text: Mary adjusts her eyes to the flashing lights, looks aroun An Ambulance Attendant tries to attend to her leg. She wa him off. In bare feet, blood running down her leg, limpin she starts running away from the site toward the media. Steve's watches, genuinely happy to see her. Hartman nudg Doug to get the camera on Steve.
186) 3) dialog: I am. Cameras go off all around them.
188) 0) text: Mary sits right at the front talking to the female BUS DRIVER.
188) 1) dialog: In solving the puzzle of life there's one thing you must do. She points to the side of the road. The bus pulls over.
188) 2) dialog: Find somebody just as normal as you. Mary stands up, gets off the bus.
188) 3) dialog: if not a whole bunch. Howard, Elizabeth, George, Lydia, Carlos, Clyde, a few ol Ladies, a bunch of other Protestors file off the bus. Mar keeps talking to the bus driver.
188) 4) dialog: And don't be a slave to your loins. Trust me on that one. Mary taps the side of her head.
188) 5) dialog: You need to let this be the boss of you. Cornprende ?
189) 0) text: A huge gated property. Mary opens the gate and walks up a tree covered path, Howard right behind her, all the other Protestors following. For once, Mary isn't doing all the talking.
189) 7) dialog: He's my favorite behavioral geneticist in the world. They continue on through an open yard.
189) 9) dialog: Good one.
189) 11) dialog: My grandma left it to me. My parents won't stay here. And for me it was always too... quiet. She looks at her new friends.
189) 12) dialog: Not anymore. They head toward the house.