0) 9) dialog: We're ready for you now. (a plastic Kroger shopping Mary jumps up, grabs her purse bag).
1) 0) text: Mary stands in front of the chalkboard, "CAREER DAY" writ in huge letters behind her. She smiles with terror at the class of 10 year old KIDS. The Teacher reads from her notes.
1) 1) dialog: Here's a treat, students. Our final guest for Career Day, Miss Mary Horowitz, is the crossword constructor for the Atlanta Citizen. You know the crossword puzzles you see every week in the newspaper? It's her job to create them. Isn't that fun? Mary stares at the Teacher, whispers.
1) 3) dialog: Pardon me?
1) 5) dialog: Oh, I'm so sorry.
1) 11) dialog: Maybe you could tell them a bit about what your job is like? watche s hit
1) 16) dialog: Daniel, you have a question?
1) 27) dialog: Children! The Teacher shoots the Kids a warning look, then notices hyperventilating.
1) 28) dialog: Are you okay? Mary grasps for breath, struggles to speak.
1) 30) dialog: Water. Just hang on. The Teacher rushes out. The kids all stare at Mary.
101) 0) text: 15 DEAF KIDS bounce up a small hill, followed by three fe TEACHERS. When they finally reach the top, they all st op Ahead of them, down the hill, the Tri-Parish Fair - compl with carnival rides, pie contests, music, dancing, rodeo livestock shows.
101) 1) dialog: (speaking while signing to the kids) Who's ready for some fun? The deaf kids start running down the hill, straight for t petting zoo.
109) 0) text: SECURITY PERSONNEL guard the closed entrance and turn awa pissed off FAIR PATRONS. At the edge of the fair grounds, the ferris wheel casts a shadow over the rescue site. The whole area has been overtaken by RESCUERS and their equipment. POLICE guard t tape to keep ONLOOKERS back. Local MEDIA circulates. Hartman kneels at the back of the ambulance, holding the of one of the Teachers. Steve gets it on camera, all the while looking around, a bit paranoid.
115) 0) text: A line of cameras fixed on the opening to the hole. At the ambulances, the Teachers stand wrapped in blankets watching, crying. Steve steps a bit closer to the hole with his camera.
119) 0) text: Steve films as the rescued kids are wrapped in blankets, Teachers hysterically crying. The Fireman brings up another one. As he's raised to grou level he calls out to the Rescue Supervisor.
182) 0) text: The Career Day teacher watches Mary on TV, wipes her eyes