0) 2) dialog: (snapping her compact shut) Reminds me.  I have a date with the hairdresser.
0) 4) dialog: The business girl's holiday
0) 6) dialog: Thank you for lunch.  See you at the office Monday.
6) 0) text: WIDE VIEW. The Consolidated Ship and Barge Construction Company has a handsome drafting office. Severe and modern it is nevertheless a room that immediately suggests shipbuilding. A wide doorway opens in from the hall, in t f.g. are three draftsmen's tables, glass-topped and light from beneath. Behind them are several tables for other workers. There are a number of rows of filing cabinets, a at one side is a water cooler. The back wall of the offic is unadorned, wide, and slightly curving. At the moment, group of office workers are just starting to paste up the sectional plans of a ship, entitled "PROJECT NO. 457," on this wall. The ship's bow can be seen taking form in detailed constructional profile.  Two of the three draftsmen's tables in the f.g. are now occupied. Oliver sits working at one of them. The center one is unoccupied. At the other one, a tall, lean Englishman works. This is James Carver. At the back wall, Alice Moore is supervising two workers, who are doi the actual pasting. She holds in her hands a small sheet paper with the detailed mathematical measurements of the project, Beside her, Commodore Judson, head of the Consolidated Sh and Barge Construction Company, stands watching the begin of the project with genuine delight. He is a bald, bearde gentleman and would look like an amiable tramp rather tha the head of a successful shipbuilding company, if it were for the seamanlike neatness of his clothes.
6) 1) dialog: (motioning to one of the men at the wall) A little more to the left, Harry. Easy...just a hair... 
6) 4) dialog: She's got what it takes all right, Commodore.
6) 5) text: Alice turns and goes to the desk between Oliver and Jim Carver.  She picks up a sheet of paper from the desk and just about to return to the wall, when she is stopped by the sound of a cat's mewing. She listens. The mew is repeated. Carver raises his head and also listens. Alice takes a look at the floor under and around her desk,  Oliver is still bending over his work, Alice looks suspiciously and questioningly at Carver, Carver replies throwing his hands out to show that he doesn't know,and then pointing to himself and shaking his head to announce that the mew is not coming from him. The mewing continues during this, which is one reason Carver and Alice do not speak. They are listening. Alice and Carver both turn and look at Oliver, He knows very well that they are looking him, and his pose is one of elaborate innocence. There is light cardboard box on his desk. The CAMERA FOCUSES on it as the lid of the box rises, and the head of a very small Siamese kitten pokes out, Alice hurries to Oliver's desk, uttering a cross between a coo and a cry of pleased surprise. ALICE (cont'd) A-a-ah!
6) 6) text: She picks up the kitten and cuddles it against her cheek. ALICE (cont'd) It's a darling! Where'd you got it?
6) 14) dialog: A girl friend?
6) 16) dialog: Anybody I know?
6) 19) text: Alice watches him try to got the cover of the box over th protesting kitten.
6) 20) dialog: If you like her, she's okay with me.
12) 0) text: MED. SHOT. In the b.g. the ship plans on the wall can be seen. They are complete now as far back as the flying bri Obviously some time has elapsed. Oliver and Alice are sitting back to back, both of them d particularly exacting pieces of mathematical measuring. Oliver raises up to call out:
12) 2) text: Alice makes no motion. He turns to her more definitely, calling out again, louder this time: OLIVER (CONT'D) (cont'd) Let me borrow your slide rule, will you?
12) 3) text: But Alice is in the midst of a difficult problem, and she goes on with it.  Oliver turns around to her, places one around her, and whispers in her ear after the fashion of Charles Boyer. OLIVER (CONT'D) (cont'd) Mademoiselle, you are so beautiful  - so charming. So gracious a lady will surely pass me her slide rule, no?
12) 4) text: Alice succumbs.  She looks up at him and gives him the sl rule.  Then she gulps.
12) 5) dialog: (getting up) I have to wash the taste of that out of my mouth.
12) 6) text: She goes over to the water cooler.  Oliver follows her, Alice looks up to see Jim Carver approaching. ALICE (cont'd) Look who's coming.
12) 7) text: Oliver winks at her,  Jim reaches the two at the water cooler. Alice has a paper cup full of water in one hand. She takes out a coin with the other hand. ALICE (cont'd) Doc, I'll bet there's one thing you can't do.. 
12) 9) dialog: (demonstrating with belt on her dress) I'll bet you a dollar you can't hold a quarter on your forehead like this, pull out your belt, lower your head, and let the quarter fall bingo into your trousers.
12) 15) dialog: Your boat seems to have competition, Commodore.
12) 17) dialog: Have you met her, Doc?
12) 19) dialog: (looking at Oliver) Ollie's always saying he'll take me to see her, but he never does.
12) 22) dialog: We'll take a rain check, Commodore, (looks at Oliver)
13) 0) text: Alice, Irena, and Oliver are walking Into the room.  It i obvious that Alice and Oliver have just arrived and been at the door by Irena.  She has her free arm linked throug Alice's.
13) 2) text: Alice is a little embarrassed by Irena's warmth of manner She looks about the apartment.
13) 3) dialog: Ollie tells me you like to draw cats.  I tried to draw a cat once -- looked more like a mouse.
13) 5) dialog: (with a laugh) Because it's hard? You're a glutton for punishment.
13) 7) dialog: Sure. I spent half my study periods drawing boats. The Marblehead tomboy — that was me.. My poor mother wept every time I brought home a report card.
13) 9) text: Without waiting for an answer, she rises and picks up a s of drawings from nor desk.  She spreads them out before Alice. IRENA (CONT'D) (cont'd) Look,  Fashion drawings bore mo.  The only way I can do them is this way.
13) 10) text: Alice picks up one of the drawings and looks at it, IRENA (CONT'D) (cont'd) Of course, when I got the gown the way I want it, I rub out the cat's face and sketch in a regular face.
13) 11) text: Alice nods and puts the drawing back with the others. Oli looking at Alice, is afraid that she has not been sufficiently Impressed. He feels called upon to defend Irena's work and to change the subject.
13) 14) text: She hurries off behind the screen.  Alice looks up at Oliver,  He is beaming with pride.  She smiles at him, holding up her finger, ring-joined, in a little gesture o silent approval.  The canary beings to sing.  Alice rises and goes over to the canary's cage. Oliver joins her besi the cage.
13) 16) dialog: Much easier for a working girl to keep. (as the bird hits an especially high note) Listen to her, will you? Little old Jenny Lind herself.
13) 17) text: The bird suddenly stops singing.  Alice and Oliver look a one another.
13) 20) dialog: Yes.  It gave out with an aria.
13) 24) dialog: Probably a prima donna.
13) 27) text: Oliver bends down, gets the glasses, and hands them aroun Just as they lift their glasses, the eerie scream of the panther sounds.  Oliver and Alice look up. IRENA (cont'd) It's the panther --
13) 29) text: MED. CLOSEUP of Alice. She is twirling the glass in her fingers thoughtfully.
13) 30) dialog: To all of us.
15) 38) text: Commodore Judson, seated next to Alice, is watching Irena He turns to find Alice's eyes on his.
15) 40) dialog: (defensively) Nonsense.  Irena's a grand gir1. She and Oliver are going to be very happy together.
15) 45) text: He turns back to his food. MED. SHOT - the Cat Woman. Drawing-on her gloves, she ris and crosses the room. As she reaches the wedding party an directly opposite Irena, she stops and stares at Irena. MED. SHOT - the wedding party, holding her hand as she ta Irena is turned to Alice.
15) 47) dialog: Anything you want to know about this city, ask me.  I know all the unimportant details.
15) 51) text: She turns and walks out back on a festive basis. Alice tries to put the party
15) 52) dialog: How do you like that?
28) 0) text: CLOSE SHOT of Irena as she reaches the top of the stairs goes down the hallway to her door, still humming the song Joyously she swings open the door of the apartment* CLOSEUP of Irena as she sees something inside, REVERSE SHOT. Through the door can be seen Oliver and Ali seated together on the sofa. Oliver-is just bending over light Alice's cigarette. They turn and look as Irena ente and closes the door. Irena, Alice and Oliver.
28) 2) dialog: Hello, darling.    How did you make  out with Louis?
28) 4) dialog: Dr.  Judd.
28) 5) text: Instantly Irena's mood changes.    She  looks at Alice, puzzled and a little hurt  to think that Oliver has spoke of her visit to the psychiatrist.    Oliver catches Irena look.
28) 7) dialog: (not catching the vibrations in the air) Of course.  Didn't I suggest Dr.  Judd?    I met him on the Commodore's boat.    The way he goes around kissing hands makes me want to spit cotton, but I guess he knows all there is to know about psychiatry.
28) 8) text: Oliver is looking very embarrassed.    Irena is both star and angry now.    Alice looks at both of them and catches ALICE (cont'd) Uh-oh!
28) 11) text: Her manner is very cold.  She gives them both a long look and walks away to stand by the window, gazing out, with h back toward them. Alice looks guiltily at Oliver, shrugs her shoulders, and picks up her hat and coat from a near- chair.
28) 12) dialog: Sorry.  I seem to have put my big foot in it.
28) 13) text: She lets Oliver help her on with her coat, and, with her still in her hand, she goes over to the door. Pausing, sh calls out to Irena. ALICE (cont'd) Sorry, Irena.  I'm sure neither I nor Oliver had any notion of offending you.  I'm dreadfully sorry.
28) 15) text: With another-guilty look at Oliver, Alice closes the door behind her. The moment the door clicks shut, Irena turns face Oliver.  She is furious, hurt, offended. Oliver trie make nice with her.
33) 0) text: TWO SHOT of Oliver and Alice. They are at a plotting tabl Oliver is holding a slide rule in his hand, and is callin out numbers as she moves the batten. He looks at the numb on the hairline, and calls It off to Alice.
33) 2) text: Alice moves the batten with which she is plotting the cur of a bulkhead to the measurement Oliver has given her.  I takes a sharp, awkward bend.  She looks up at Oliver and points at the batten.
33) 3) dialog: Hey!
33) 6) dialog: (coming round the table to him) Wait.  Let's have a cigarette first.
33) 7) text: They go toward the water cooler, as he fishes through his pockets for a package of cigarettes. Alice takes a cigare taps it on her nail, and smiles at him. ALICE (cont'd) That's the third wrong figure you've given me this morning.
33) 9) dialog: Something's on your mind. Anything wrong?
33) 12) dialog: (lightly) Must be marriage.
33) 14) dialog: I  thought she was  going to Dr. Judd.
33) 16) dialog: But you told me she seemed anxious to be cured.
33) 18) text: Alice crumples up the paper cup and drops It into the was basket.
33) 19) dialog: I'm sorry, Oliver. It must make you very unhappy.
33) 21) text: Alice looks at him. Suddenly she begins to cry. Oliver lo at her in astonishment, takes a quick glance to see that other workers in the office have not noticed, and quickly leads her around behind the filing cabinets. OLIVER (cont'd) (drawing out the word) Hey -- (pulling out his handkerchief) Wait a minute!
33) 22) dialog: (blowing her nose) I can't help it.  I just can't help it. (looking up at him) I can't bear to see you unhappy. I love you too darn much, and I don't care if you do know it. I love you.
33) 24) dialog: Of course, you didn't.  What do you think I'd do...drag my blooding heart across the drafting tables?  It just had to come out now.  It's been too hard to love you...to see you in love with Irena...and to  see you unhappy.
33) 25) text: They  stand looking  at each other.  Alice gives a final to her nose, hands the handkerchief back to Oliver, and manages a grin. ALICE (cont'd) Forgot it.  There's Irena... you're in love with her.
33) 27) text: Alice looks at him very thoughtfully.
33) 28) dialog: (simply, sincerely) I know what love is.  It's understanding.  It's you and me...and let the rest of the world go by.  It's just the two of us, living our lives together..happily...proudly.  No self-torture...no doubt.  It's enduring and it's everlasting. Nothing can change it.  Nothing can change us.  That's what I think love is.
33) 29) text: Oliver looks over at the water bubbles rising in the cool He looks intently at them, almost as if counting them as rise, burbling to the surface. He speaks without looking Alice, his eyes on the bubbles rising in the water cooler
33) 31) text: He turns and looks at Alice.  She reaches out and takes h hand.  They stand together like two people on a street co shaking hands.
33) 32) dialog: You  and  I...we'11  never  be strangers.
34) 11) text: At the mention of Alice, Irena has repeated the name soft furiously, the while a look of concentrated fury has come her face.  The rest of Oliver's speech has been lost to h through her own anger. OLIVER (cont'd) You're content to go on as we are.
37) 0) text: Alice is working alone late at night. She has just hung u the last T-square on the back wall. Now she turns out the light above her desk, leaving the room illuminated by a single light near the door. On her under-lit drafting table, taking full advantage of the warmth, his forepaws snuggled under his chin, is the most decorous sort of office cat. He looks like a bookkeeper. Alice is putting her hat when the telephone rings.  She picks up the phone
37) 1) dialog: (Into phone) Hello. (no response) Hello. (still no response)
38) 0) text: Irena has the telephone in her hand, and over the phone w hear Alice's voice.
39) 0) text: There is a faint click from the other end of the wire, as a receiver being put softly back onto the cradle. Alice, disgusted, slams her own receiver into place.
39) 1) dialog: (addressing the cat) John Paul Jones, don't you hate people who do that?
39) 2) text: She grabs her coat and starts putting it on.  She turns o the last remaining light and starts to leave the office. the door she pauses and calls through to the cat. ALICE (cont'd) Good night,  John Paul. (closes door)
41) 0) text: Alice comes out of the elevator.  Mrs. Agnew is in the lo and has risen to a sitting position on her knees. She has Just finished lighting a fresh cigarette. Alice reaches I her pocketbook and takes out a couple of match books.
41) 1) dialog: Here, Mrs. Agnew, I've got a couple of new match books for your collection.
41) 3) text: Alice smiles and starts out. MRS. AGNEW (cont'd) Too bad you wasn't here a minute ago. Mr. Reed looked in.
41) 4) dialog: (stopping) Oh? Where'd he go?
41) 6) dialog: (starting off) I'll see if I can catch him, Good night.
42) 0) text: Alice enters the tearoom and stands beside Oliver. She signals to Minnie.
42) 1) dialog: Could you squeeze the coffee pot for me, Minnie?
42) 4) text: Alice smiles at Oliver as she sits down beside him.
42) 5) dialog: What are you doing in this part of town at this hour of night?
42) 6) text: Oliver shrugs his shoulders.  Alice nods. ALICE (cont'd) Hmmm.  Stormy weather.
44) 0) text: Alice and Oliver have finished drinking their coffee. She looking very seriously at him.
44) 1) dialog: Ollie,  you're  going to have  to solve your problems your own way. (picking up her cup) I'm going to drink up and go home.    You'd better go home,  too, and make it up with Irena.
44) 3) dialog: (lightly) That's what makes me dangerous. I'm the new type of other woman.
45) 0) text: As SHOT through the plate glass window of the florist sho with a grouping of tiger lilies in the f.g. Irena stands an alcove-entrance, watching Oliver and Alice as they go TWO SHOT - Oliver and Alice.  Alice stops, shivers, and d the collar of her coat higher. Oliver turns to her.
45) 2) dialog: (shaking her head) A cat just walked over my grave.
46) 0) text: Alice and Oliver pause at the entrance to the transverse, which stretches away from them, Its darkness punctuated w pools of widely spaced street lights.  Alice looks up the street and turns to Oliver.
46) 2) dialog: I'm a big girl now, and I'm not afraid.
46) 4) dialog: Good night.
46) 5) text: They shake hands.  Oliver turns and starts off across the street, Alice waves good night to him as he reaches the o side; then she draws a deep breath of the cold, crisp nig air, and turning, starts toward the transverse walk.
48) 0) text: Irena pauses at the entrance to the transverse. Ahead of walking briskly about one hundred feet in advance is Alic There are no other pedestrians on the narrow transverse w The street and sidewalk are glistening wet and reflect th pools of light from the street lamps. The melting snow dr down the stone walls.  Irena turns into the transverse an starts to walk after Alice.
49) 0) text: SHOT of Alice, as she walks along. On one side of her are high, rock walls of the transverse; on the other is the street. SHOT of Irena, as she, too, walks along. MED. SHOT - street lamp on transverse.  It throws a circu pool of light, Alice emerges from the darkness, crosses t area of light, and continues on into the darkness.  The s click of her heels fades into the distance. Even as the s of her steps fades, the sound of Irena's steps comes into scene. Irena comes from the darkness, crosses the area of light, and continues oh after Alice into the darkness. CLOSEUP of Alice's feet as they walk along, the heels clicking on the wet pavement. CLOSEUP of Irena's feet as they walk along, her heels likewise clicking on the pavement. MED. SHOT of a lighted area, as Alice again walks through circle of light.  She walks directly through and into the darkness beyond, her footsteps clicking on the pavement. her footsteps fade, we would logically hear Irena's steps coming onto the scene. But we do not. There is nothing, o the sound of Alice's heels fading into the distance.  The music of the "Berceuses du Chat" rises and fades. SHOT of Alice as she walks along, the CAMERA TRUCKING wit her. There is the sound of her feet on the pavement. She stops in a pool of street light, frowning, sensing the presence of something behind her. She glances over her shoulder, then looks around. The music is growing louder. LONG SHOT of the glistening wet transverse walk, as Alice sees it -- a dark, deserted walk, fading off to a perspec line. It is lighted by regularly spaced street lamps. SHOT of Alice, as she peers more closely into the darknes She  is troubled.  The silence is ominous. She frowns apprehensively, turns, and starts to walk on a little fas She turns her head slightly, but does not dare look behin her. She increases her pace and walks very rapidly throug the next area of light and on into the darkness.  The sou of her own steps is loud, and she begins to run. She reac the next pool of light, stops stock still, panic-stricken afraid to move. Outside the circle of light is only black and silence, Alice's frightened eyes poor into the darkne She shrinks against the lamp post. Sheer terror crosses h face. Suddenly there is a roaring sound that fills the so track, completely drowning the loud music. A pattern of l cuts across Alice's face. She throws up one arm, almost a to defend herself.  There is a hissing, screeching sound. SHOT of a transverse bus, as with a hiss of air brakes it stops directly alongside Alice.  She grasps the platform to steady herself.  The doors open. BUS DRIVER Climb on, sister. Alice steps up. A snarl sounds in the darkness, looks beh her. Her eyes are carried upward. The wet shrubbery at the top of wall stirs, settling, as something had only that moment passed through it. Alice is looking back over her shoulder, fascinated by wh she has seen. She is standing just within the bus, but th driver cannot close the door.
49) 2) text: Alice nods weakly, and steps In.
50) 0) text: Alice Is fumbling in her purse for change. She has been greatly shaken by her fright. Her hands are trembling. Th bus driver looks up at her.
50) 2) dialog: (eagerly) Did you see it?
50) 3) text: The driver looks at her in amazement.  Abashed, Alice dro a coin in the box and moves on.  The driver shakes his he morosely, as if crazy women were the cause of all misfortune in this world, and pulls the gear that operate the door.
61) 0) text: CLOSEUP of a grinning cat's face which adorns the bowhead the end of the timber projecting at right angles from the of a model ship. CAMERA DRAWS BACK for CLOSE SHOT of Irena looking at the model. It is the "Royal Harry,11 progenitor of the mighty British fleet. But what obviously holds Irena's interest the cat's face. She is fascinated. THREE SHOT - Alice and Oliver in the f.g.and Irena in the b.g. Alice and Oliver are engrossed in their examination frame model of the privateer, "Swallow". They move over t the next, model, which brings them beside Irena. Alice st and looks at Oliver.
61) 1) dialog: I'm afraid this is dull for Irena.
61) 7) text: Alice's attention is attracted by a set of line drawings. She turns to them.
61) 8) dialog: Ollie, look!  Line drawings of the "America!"
64) 0) text: As SHOT from the lobby, from Irena's VIEWPOINT, with the bronze statue of the puma and the horse in the f.g. We can see Alice and Oliver within the exhibit room, with their backs turned, closely Inspecting a ship model.
65) 0) text: SHOOTING through the intricacies of the puma-and-horse statue at Irena, who looks a moment at Alice and Oliver, then turns, and walks out of the building.
66) 0) text: A cab drives up in front of the hotel and Alice gets out. She waves good-bye to Oliver, and the cab drives off with him.  She turns and enters the hotel. The streets are sti wet.  Just as Alice is passing through the door, another cab drives up.  Irena gets out.  She pays the driver, and the cab moves off.  Irena stands for a moment irresolutel under the marquee.
67) 0) text: Alice, striding cheerfully across the lobby, stops at the desk, where a young blonde desk attendant is stationed.
67) 1) dialog: Could I have the key to the swimming pool? .
67) 3) text: The attendant gives Alice the key. A little black kitten suddenly jumps up onto the desk top. Alice picks it up an holds it against her cheek.
67) 4) dialog: What a darling kitten!
67) 6) text: Alice laughs and putting the kitten down on top of the de starts toward a stairs where there is a placard marked "T THE SWIMMING POOL" the kitten jumps down from the desk to and starts after Alice.  The blonde leans over the desk. BLONDE (cont'd) (calling out) Qh, dearie! When you get through, don't forgot to turn off the light, will ya?
67) 7) dialog: I won't forget!
70) 0) text: Alice is standing in front of her locker, drying herself a big towel.  She has just come out of the pool. The door the plunge is open behind her, but she has turned out the lights and it is dark within.  There is only the single l gleaming in the locker room. Alice removes her wet bathin cap and shakes her hair out.  She puts on a chenille wrap over her bathing suit and goes toward the door.  She star to turn out the lights in the locker room, but remembers kitten. She looks around and sees the kitten. CLOSE SHOT of the little black kitten.  It is standing on threshold, looking up toward the stairs.  Its tiny ears a raised, listening. SHOT of Alice, as she looks from the kitten toward the stairs. SHOT of the stairway, as Alice sees it. A shaft of light comes down the stairs. The rest of the stairway is in darkness. No one is on the stairs. CLOSE SHOT of the black kitten.  Its back begins to arch. Suddenly it turns, scampers through the locker room, leap the wall, clambers over the top sill of the half-opened window, and drops into the areaway. Alice shrugs her shoulders good-humoredly.  She turns out lights in the locker room and steps toward the entrance d She pauses as she hears something ahead of her and looks trying to peer into the darkness. SHOT of the hallway, as Alice sees it.  It is in shadow. the scene is the sound of padded feet on pavement. Alice starts toward the hall.  A snarl sounds in the dark ahead of her.  She pauses, rooted in panic, as the slow, stealthy tread of feet starts again.  She looks toward th stairs. Alice, with terror in her eyes, looks into the darkness. The locker room, SHOOTING toward the door, as Alice sees All is blackness. Alice takes a step backward.  She looks behind her, and pauses an instant.  She turns, flings off the robe, throw toward something in the blackness, and races through the locker room toward the pool.  We hear the splash of her d
71) 0) text: SHOT of Alice in the pool, as she swims rapidly out to th center.  Behind her there is a frustrated snarl of rage, sound of fanged teeth ripping, sharp claws snagging into cloth. Alice reaches the center of the pool and treads wa Around the edge of the tank she can hear her pursuer begi run with bounding steps along the tiles.  Then there is silence.  Alice looks about her in the quiet darkness. He eyes try to peer into the shadows.  Her whole expression one of taut, almost hysterical panic.  She listens closel CLOSEUP of a little wave of water, as it slaps against th side of the tank. Alice, as she hears the water, afraid that the thing may slipped into the pool. She looks around her in terror. Sh begins to scream. Her cries race around the empty room, e back at her from the dark end of the pool, and are thrown back at her from the high, beamed ceiling.
73) 0) text: Alice's voice is gone. Her strength is ebbing. She paddle weakly around in the water. There is a sharp shriek and t room is flooded with light. Alice looks, in the direction the metallic click. SHOT of Irena, as she stands by the electric switch, dres immaculately as Alice had last seen her, calm, poised.
73) 2) text: SHOT of Alice as she stares back at Irena. Mrs. Hanson and the blonde come running down the stairs crying in unison.
73) 5) text: Alice, glancing toward Irena, has recovered her poise. Sh explains lamely.
73) 6) dialog: It's nothing.  It was dark down here. Mrs. Reed, coming in unexpectedly, frightened me. I'm terribly sorry.
73) 7) text: SHOT of Irena, as she smiles at the women, and then looks back toward Alice. Mrs. Hanson and the blonde breathe sighs of relief, and s back toward the stairs.
73) 9) text: Alice has no desire to be left in the same room with Iren alone and she calls out to the women.
73) 10) dialog: Don't go.  I'm coming right out.
73) 11) text: She starts swimming toward the edge of the pool. SHOT of Irena, as she smiles and starts toward the stairs Alice and Irena. Alice has taken hold of the edge of the pool.  Irena bends down, smiling.
73) 13) dialog: We looked for you at the museum, You'll probably find him at home.
74) 0) text: Irena goes up the stairs. As Irena disappears up the stai Alice comes in from the pool.
74) 1) dialog: (to the blonde)  Would you get me my robe?  I left It over there.
74) 4) text: Alice looks at the robe, taking it in her hands. INSERT  THE TORN ROBE in Alice's hands.  It is literally to shreds. BACK TO SCENE. Alice looks down at the robe thoughtfully,
75) 0) text: This is a small,feminine room of the type to be seen in women's hotels, where the guests may receive gentlemen callers. Alice is seated on a sofa, smoking a cigarette. Judd is beside her. His hat and coat lie on a near-by cha
75) 1) dialog: Thank you for coming at so late an hour, Dr. Judd. I phoned you because I am troubled. I think you can help me. (pauses and looks at him closely) How much do you believe about the cat people?
75) 3) text: Alice nods. JUDD (cont'd) I believe, my dear Miss Moore, exactly what I told Mrs. Reed. The story is a product of her own fears, her own overworked imagination.
75) 4) dialog: What would you say, Dr. if I were to tell you that believe Irena's story?
75) 6) dialog: Twice I have been followed by something that was not human, something that attempted to take my life.  I believe that was the cat form of Irena.
75) 8) text: Alice looks at him a moment. She determines to tell him t truth.
75) 9) dialog: (very quietly) Because I am in love with her husband.-
75) 12) dialog: I am not a victim of fear, Dr. Judd. The danger that threatened me was very real.
75) 14) text: Alice looks at his smiling face. Quietly she reaches down beside her and brings forth the torn robe.
75) 15) dialog: Here is my robe.
75) 16) text: Judd examines the robe. The smile fades from his face. He looks up at Alice's serious expression and shrugs his shoulders. He gives the robe back to her. Both rise.
75) 18) dialog: I shouldn't advise you to see her alone.
75) 20) dialog: I know you don't believe me, Doctor but you must be careful.
75) 22) dialog: (amused in spite of herself) ) If you're lucky enough to have one.
75) 24) text: He twists the top of his stick and pulls out a short, ste rapier. He smiles at Alice. She nods to him in dismissal. With a little shrug, he pushes the dagger back into the c and with a bow starts to leave the room. JUDD (cont'd) Good night, Miss Moore.
75) 25) text: Alice looks down thoughtfully at the torn robe she holds her hands.
76) 0) text: Alice stands for a moment before the telephone. In back o her, Oliver can be seen working at the desk. She turns, h looks at him a moment, and then, picking up the phone, st to dial.
78) 1) dialog: (into phone) I didn't sleep last night, Irena.
78) 3) text: Alice pauses for a moment, looking over at Oliver. Then s turns back to the phone, and the blunt truth comes boldly from her lips.
78) 4) dialog: You hate me, Irena, don't you? You hate me so much that twice you have tried to kill me, haven't you? (pausing, then continuing) That night on the Transverse... again last night in the swimming pool...that was you, wasn't it?
80) 0) text: Alice realizes by Irena's desperate tone that Irena in he human form is entirely ignorant of what she may do in som other guise.                                      
80) 1) dialog: (into phone) I am sorry, Irena.
83) 6) text: Irena still smiles at him, but there is more inquiry than invitation in her smile. Oliver finds the words he wants say and says them with blunt simplicity. OLIVER (cont'd) I don't love you, Irena.  I love Alice. I've always loved her, but I didn't know it.  I had to learn maybe through this marriage of ours -- what love was.  I didn't want to tell you this. But now, you see, I have to.  It's too late.
84) 3) text: Oliver indicates Alice's place. MINNIE (cont'd) Roquefort?
84) 7) dialog: It's tough for Oliver either way, Doctor.
84) 9) text: He looks first into Oliver's face and then into Alice's. JUDD (cont'd) As your friend, however, I have much more reasonable advice to offer. I think you should have your marriage annulled. In this way you are free of responsibility. You two could marry.
84) 10) dialog: And if Irena is sent away?
84) 13) dialog: (looking at Oliver)  It's the only right thing.
84) 15) text: Oliver and Alice nod agreement.
85) 0) text: The ormolu clock on the mantel indicates that it Is now 7 It rings, the half hour. The apartment is as we first saw all the pictures are back; the screen is up. Alice has ju taken a record off the phonograph. Now she puts on anothe one. It is the Berceuse. Oliver stops the machine and tak off the record with an apologetic smile.
85) 4) text: He looks at his walking stick. INSERT     JUDD'S WALKING STICK resting on the sofa. BACK TO SCENE.  Judd smiles and quietly pushes the stick under the cushions. WO SHOT - Oliver and Alice.
85) 5) dialog: Let's get back to the office, Ollie. We've had a terribly broken~up day. There's lots of work to be done.
86) 0) text: Alice and Oliver have just started down the stairs. Dr. Judd pauses to strike his forehead with his gloved fingertips.
88) 0) text: Judd rejoins Oliver and Alice. He returns the key to Oliv
88) 2) text: He looks at Alice.  They start down the stairs.
89) 0) text: Alice and Oliver have turned on the light in the office. Oliver is sitting down at the desk, a thoughtful look on face. Alice has taken off her coat, and is just removing hat. As she pats her hair into shape, she gets a look at Oliver's face. She comes over to him and touches his arm.
89) 1) dialog: Don't worry, Ollie. It'll come out all right.  It must.
89) 2) text: He turns and smiles at her,  John Paul Jones, the office cat, walks across the drafting table in front of Alice, jumps down and crosses to the door.  He scratches to be l out. ALICE (cont'd) (as she goes to open the door for him) All right, John Paul -- I don't ask questions ---
89) 3) text: She opens the door.  John Paul passes through with dignit and Alice returns to her drafting table, leaving the offi door slightly ajar.
89) 6) dialog: (picking up the batten, reporting the measurement) Three and a quarter...
90) 2) dialog: (repeating, as she bonds the batten into shape) And one and three eighths! (looking up at Oliver) There!
90) 3) text: She smiles at Oliver, who returns her smile, the telephon rings.  Alice reaches for it. ALICE (cont'd) I'll get it. (lifts the receiver) Hello. (there Is no response; she repeats) Hello...hello!
90) 4) text: From the other end of the line there is a little click as receiver is hung up.  Alice looks at Oliver. ALICE (cont'd) They hung up.
90) 5) text: She puts the receiver back on the cradle and pushes the phone aside.  Suddenly she remembers another evening when the telephone had rung.., ALICE (cont'd) (thoughtfully) That's funny.
90) 7) dialog: It happened once before like that.  The telephone rang.  I answered.  There was someone on the other end of the line; I could almost hear them listening.  And then there was a little click, as they put up the receiver.  That was the night I was followed on the transverse...  (looks at Oliver and takes his sleeve) Oliver...
90) 9) dialog: Let's get out of here, I'm afraid.
90) 10) text: He looks at her. ALICE (cont'd) That was Irena...I know it was Irena who called.  She could call from downstairs.  She may be on her way up now.
90) 14) text: Alice looks ahead. SHOT of the door into the hall, from Alice's viewpoint. door is open, and one can see out into the dimly lit hall TWO SHOT of Alice and Oliver.  She takes his arm.
90) 15) dialog: The door's open.  We can see to get out into the hall.
90) 17) text: Oliver turns out the light, and together they start towar the door, the CAMERA MOVING with them.  Oliver turns out under-lit table lights.  Halfway across the room Alice st her fingers clenching in Oliver's sleeve.  There is n sof metallic click as of a door closing.  They look In the direction of the sound. SHOT of the door.  It is closed. TWO SHOT - Alice and Oliver.
90) 18) dialog: (turning to him) It's shut now.  Just a minute ago it was open.
90) 19) text: They go to the door,  Oliver reaches out and turns the kn then he turns to look at Alice.
90) 21) text: Alice seizes his arm.  In the darkness, to one side of th there Is a sound like a snarl.  Instinctively Oliver and Alice step backward, away from the sound in the dark. The CAMERA MOVES with them.  They bump into a desk, grope their way around It. From the darkness following them, there is a whisper of light, padded feet — a delicate tick, tick of claws the floor.  Alice bumps Into the glassy coldness of the w cooler, gasps in fright, arid pushes it away from her. Th is a crash, the sound, of glass breaking, and then the throaty gurgle of water spilling out onto the floor.   It is silent then.  Alice and Oliver are creeping back do between a row of filing cabinets.  Now there comes again, pursuing them, the whispering tread of soft paws. Alice a Oliver are against the further wall now. Alice is pushed behind Oliver, her back against the wall. Panic-stricken, she begins to whimper with restrained hysteria.  Her nerv are cracking up. Oliver tightens his hold on her wrist. cold sweat breaks out on his forehead.  He reaches in his pocket, and pulls out a book of matches.  He lights one.  It throws a faint glow around them.  Shadows flicker acro their faces.  Behind them the match light dimly reveals t letters "Project No. 457." They peer into the darkness. SHOT of the dark, shadowy room. Alice is sobbing with fright, trying to restrain her fear that the sobs, when they come, are the more terrifying to hear.  Oliver calls into the darkness. OLIVER (cont'd) Irena...Irena... (the match light begins to flicker) Irena...
90) 22) text: The match light dies.  He lights another and pushes the b of matches into Alice's hands. OLIVER (cont'd) Keep lighting them.
90) 23) text: Alice lights a match, the scene is brighter. OLIVER (cont'd) Leave us, Irena.  Leave us.
90) 24) text: SHOT of the darkness before Alice and Oliver. Oliver's match light flickers out before Alice's match al goes out, Oliver looks up to one side. CLOSEUP of a T-square hanging beside him on the wall. As Oliver reaches up to got the T-square, Alice's match l dies.  In the darkness, he snatches the T-square  Alice lights another match.  Oliver has the T-square in his han and in the eerie light, a shadow is thrown on the wall ab and to one side of him.  He leans forward tensely.  He sp with deep feeling, the name of God in tones of reverent supplication. OLIVER (cont'd) Irena...I beg you, leave us In peace. (pauses) In the name of God --Irena.
90) 25) text: There is a snarl.  The match light flickers out. Again Al lights a match.  Oliver leans forward, still gripping the square In his hands. The darkness.  There is only silence.  Beyond, the door stands open, and one can see out into the hall again. Oliver takes Alice's hand and starts back toward the hall She holds a match in her free hand.
91) 0) text: Alice and Oliver close the door to the office behind them stand in the dimly-lighted hallway.  They look down the h SHOT of the elevator, from their point of view, as it sta waiting. Alice takes a step toward the elevator, but Oliver stops OLIVER (cont'd) Let's go down the stairs.
92) 0) text: As Alice and Oliver reach the bottom of the first flight stairs, Alice stops, leans up against the railing, and co her face with her hands.  Oliver puts an arm around her.
92) 2) dialog: (lifting her face to his, smiling) I'm not afraid.
93) 0) text: Alice and Oliver come out of the doorway marked "Stairway They stop short. Oliver points off.
93) 2) text: TWO SHOT - Alice and Oliver. She looks beyond the elevators, and her fingers tighten on Oliver's arm. He follows the direction of her gaze. SHOT of the revolving door, from their viewpoint.  It is spinning emptily, as if someone had just passed through. TWO SHOT - Alice and Oliver.  Alice looks about her and t up at him.
93) 3) dialog: Irena's perfume -- strong — sweet...
94) 0) text: Alice and Oliver stand on the sidewalk.  He tries to peer through the night.  There is a heavy ground fog, white an still. The night is windless and quiet. Alice puts one ha to her forehead and sways a bit.  She forces a grin at hi
94) 1) dialog: I've got to have a drink.
96) 0) text: CLOSE SHOT of Alice and Oliver at pay telephone. Alice is speaking into the phone.
96) 1) dialog: Yes. We've been trying to get you on the phone, Dr. Judd. I called your hotel. (pause) Yes.  I know.  That's what I want to talk about. Are you alone? (pause) You had better leave then.  She may be on her way back now, (pause) She is dangerous, Dr. Judd.  I warn you — Hello. Hello. Dr. Judd. Dr. Judd are you there? (pause)
96) 2) text: Alice hangs up the receiver and turns to Oliver. ALICE (cont'd) I think Irena just came in. He hung up on me.
98) 0) text: SHOT of Alice and Oliver in a taxi that is racing through streets.
102) 0) text: The taxi draws up in front of the apartment, and Alice an Oliver got out quickly.
104) 0) text: Alice and Oliver come hurriedly in.  Oliver lets the door close behind him, and they start up the stairs. A man's high-pitched scream of mortal agony cuts down the stairwell.  It is followed by hideous noises, bestial snarls and growls, the crash of overturned furniture. Ali and Oliver look at each other; then they start running up the stairs.  As they reach the first landing, the sounds snarling and struggle grow louder.  There comes one piercing, human shriek of agony and then quick silence.  Again Oliver and Alice pause and look at each other, then continue on up the stairs. SHOT of the stairs a flight above Oliver and Alice. There a shadow on the stairs, moving, black, and stealthily agi
105) 0) text: TWO SHOT - Oliver and Alice.  They are running up the sec flight of stairs. SHOT of the stairs above them. We can see the shadow now clearly.  It is Irena.  She is coming down the stairs.  H fur coat is only half on.  One arm is in the sleeve; the other side of the wrap is draped about her shoulders, pul across her breast as if she were holding it to hide some hurt.  She sees Alice and Oliver below her and moves stealthily back into the deeper shadows of the stairway. Alice and Oliver are passing an angle of the stairway whe Irena stands.  Neither of them sees her. CLOSEUP of Irena as she watches them go by.  Her eyes are Oliver.
106) 0) text: Alice and Oliver come up the stairs.  On the stairway, co down from another floor, are two old ladies in faded dres robes.  Other tenants have congregated about the open doo the apartment.
108) 0) text: TWO SHOT  - Alice  and Oliver. Oliver does not hear his n but  sensing Irena's presence,  he  stops, hesitating.
110) 0) text: Oliver and Alice join the two old ladies and go through, doorway of Irena's apartment.
111) 0) text: As Alice and Oliver step into the apartment, Alice gets o look at the room and turns away.  Oliver takes her in his arms, trying to hide the room from her. Over the scene is sound of the phonograph record still revolving with a monotonous, grinding sound. REVERSE SHOT of the apartment as Alice and Oliver see it. room bears the signs of a terrific struggle. Furniture is overturned, ornaments smashed, the draperies and pictures torn down. Judd's body is hidden by a chair. Only his leg one pants leg torn, can be seen. O.S. is the sound of the record revolving.                                   ' The two old ladies push into the room. They seem quite pleased at all the excitement.
111) 7) text: She points down. INSERT THE BROKEN SWORD CANE  in Judd's hand. BACK TO SCENE.    Alice and Oliver have  joined the two o ladies and are looking down  at the broken sword.
111) 8) dialog: We've got to help her.
111) 10) dialog: (taking his arm)  Come on.
112) 0) text: Alice and Oliver come down the steps, and they start to r through the foggy night.
115) 1) text: Oliver and Alice come to a little space before the cage. see a black object lying on the pavement.  Quietly and cautiously they cross over to it.  Oliver bends down to examine it. Under Irena's fur coat is a black leopard's b the leg and paw in the same attitude her arm and hand had taken, and the broken blade that had once protruded from Irena's gleaming shoulder is now rooted in the black fur the panther.   Oliver looks up at Alice, then gets to his feet, takes he arm, and they start to the walk.  Some few foot away, the turn back to look again at the body.