49) 0) text: SHOT of Alice, as she walks along. On one side of her are high, rock walls of the transverse; on the other is the street. SHOT of Irena, as she, too, walks along. MED. SHOT - street lamp on transverse.  It throws a circu pool of light, Alice emerges from the darkness, crosses t area of light, and continues on into the darkness.  The s click of her heels fades into the distance. Even as the s of her steps fades, the sound of Irena's steps comes into scene. Irena comes from the darkness, crosses the area of light, and continues oh after Alice into the darkness. CLOSEUP of Alice's feet as they walk along, the heels clicking on the wet pavement. CLOSEUP of Irena's feet as they walk along, her heels likewise clicking on the pavement. MED. SHOT of a lighted area, as Alice again walks through circle of light.  She walks directly through and into the darkness beyond, her footsteps clicking on the pavement. her footsteps fade, we would logically hear Irena's steps coming onto the scene. But we do not. There is nothing, o the sound of Alice's heels fading into the distance.  The music of the "Berceuses du Chat" rises and fades. SHOT of Alice as she walks along, the CAMERA TRUCKING wit her. There is the sound of her feet on the pavement. She stops in a pool of street light, frowning, sensing the presence of something behind her. She glances over her shoulder, then looks around. The music is growing louder. LONG SHOT of the glistening wet transverse walk, as Alice sees it -- a dark, deserted walk, fading off to a perspec line. It is lighted by regularly spaced street lamps. SHOT of Alice, as she peers more closely into the darknes She  is troubled.  The silence is ominous. She frowns apprehensively, turns, and starts to walk on a little fas She turns her head slightly, but does not dare look behin her. She increases her pace and walks very rapidly throug the next area of light and on into the darkness.  The sou of her own steps is loud, and she begins to run. She reac the next pool of light, stops stock still, panic-stricken afraid to move. Outside the circle of light is only black and silence, Alice's frightened eyes poor into the darkne She shrinks against the lamp post. Sheer terror crosses h face. Suddenly there is a roaring sound that fills the so track, completely drowning the loud music. A pattern of l cuts across Alice's face. She throws up one arm, almost a to defend herself.  There is a hissing, screeching sound. SHOT of a transverse bus, as with a hiss of air brakes it stops directly alongside Alice.  She grasps the platform to steady herself.  The doors open. BUS DRIVER Climb on, sister. Alice steps up. A snarl sounds in the darkness, looks beh her. Her eyes are carried upward. The wet shrubbery at the top of wall stirs, settling, as something had only that moment passed through it. Alice is looking back over her shoulder, fascinated by wh she has seen. She is standing just within the bus, but th driver cannot close the door.
49) 1) dialog: (exasperated) Are you ridin' with me, or ain'tcha?
50) 0) text: Alice Is fumbling in her purse for change. She has been greatly shaken by her fright. Her hands are trembling. Th bus driver looks up at her.
50) 1) dialog: You look as if you'd seen a ghost.