0) 0) text: As the last word of the quotation FADES from the screen, fog clears, the caged leopard comes into full focus, and see that it is an actual leopard behind actual bars.  Ove the scene is the wheezy music of the Triumphal March from "Aida," as played on a hand, organ. This is playing in th distance, and we do not see the organ-grinder until later The CAMERA DRAWS BACK to show a young artist sitting befo the cage on a campstool with a drawing portfolio in her h She is presumably sketching the panther, although her dra is not shown, and we do not see the features of the girl' face.  The girl picks up the drawing and holds it off, weighing its values. It evidently does not meet with her approval, for she wads the drawing Into a ball and turns look for a place to throw the waste paper. We see her fac It is heart-shaped, demure, even a little naive.  She is small, young,and very beautiful.  In one hand the wad of waste paper is poised, ready to throw into a container. INSERT     WASTEPAPER BASKET as Irena sees it. It is a rather fancy container in the shape of a tree trunk.
0) 7) text: She starts off down the promenade. She walks briskly in o direction, while Oliver turns the other way, ambling towa the leopard cage. Along the promenade a file of Saturday afternoon idlers goes by. Oliver moves up to the cages an pauses at the guard rail before the leopard cage. Near hi sits Irena, busily sketching. Oliver looks at her, but sh does not look up at him. She gets up and moves a few step her eyes intent on the movements of the panther, which is walking about In its cage. Oliver politely steps aside so that she can get a better vantage point.  She does not ev notice him. She frowns at her drawing, wads the paper int ball, and turns to throw it into the container. Oliver st before her, smiling and extending his hand. She looks at a moment, then smiles and drops the wad of paper into his hand.
0) 8) dialog: Thank you.
0) 9) text: With an easy aim, Oliver tosses it neatly into the contai and turns to her with a shrug, as if to say how easy it w But Irena has picked up another drawing upon which she ha worked and is now studying it. The music of the organ-gri grows constantly louder as the scene progresses.
0) 11) dialog: I'm not an artist, really... not a real artist...just a sketch artist for fashion drawings.
0) 14) text: Irena smiles but shakes her head as she tears the drawing about two-thirds of the way through, dropping it face dow upon the pavement.
0) 15) dialog: Oh, no. It's not good. If I let you see it, you might not want to know any artists...ever.
0) 17) text: Irena laughs and starts to pick up the paper, but a gust wind blows it down the promenade. She turns to Oliver and shrugs her shoulders. She starts to fold up her campstool Oliver comes forward to offer his assistance. At the same time the organ-grinder passes between them and the camera playing "Aida" on his hand organ. Oliver asks Irena if he help her, but the music is so loud she cannot hear him. H assists Irena in gathering up her things. He takes the campstool, and Irena carries her artist's portfolio.  The start toward the avenue together. CLOSE SHOT of the torn drawing as a little wind, carrying with it some autumn leaves, picks up the paper again and blows it over and over up the promenade.  The torn half o the drawing falls over into place, so we see what Irena h been drawing. It is a smart fashion sketch of the type se in Vogue or Harper's Bazaar, but the face of the model is blunt mask of a black panther, and the hands protruding f the sleeves are tipped with feline talons.  The CAMERA HO on the drawing.
1) 0) text: TWO SHOT of Irena and Oliver as they walk down a side str Irena is looking straight ahead of her, amused. Oliver is doing his best to get acquainted.
1) 2) dialog: No...I am from Serbia.
1) 4) dialog: You want to know how to spell my name? Are you going to write me a letter?
1) 6) dialog: What about?
1) 8) text: Irena shakes her head with a little smile.  Oliver is undaunted.
1) 11) dialog: Here is my house.
1) 13) dialog: Perhaps, Mr. Reed, you would like to have tea in my apartment.
3) 0) text: MED. SHOT.  Irena has inserted the key in the lock of her door.  She turns it, but before she opens the door, she l up at Oliver.
3) 2) dialog: Nothing.
3) 4) dialog: I've never had anyone here. You're the first friend I've met in America.  I know lots of people in business...editors, secretaries, other sketch artists...you know. But you might be my first real friend.  That's why I looked at you. (pauses)
3) 6) text: Irena swings the door wide open.  Through the doorway a little bit of the room can be seen.  Prominently displaye is an odd equestrian statuette.  It is the figure of a man in armor, carved out of gray stone.  The man wears a regal chaplet on his head and is mounted on a magnificent horse.  Around the base of the statue is a circle of flames, while the rider holds high above his head a sword upon which is impaled the figure o a writhing cat. Irena takes a step into the room and stan waiting for Oliver to follow her, then turns to look back at him. He has become aware of the perfume in the room. OLIVER (cont'd) Mm.  Nice.
3) 7) dialog: That's Lalage.
3) 9) dialog: The perfume I use.  I like it, perhaps too well.  Maybe I use too much of it, living alone like this.
4) 0) text: MED. CLOSE SHOT of statuette. The figure is silhouetted against a window dim with twilight. As the CAMERA HOLDS o the statuette, a light appears in a bay window across the street, bringing the figures of horse, king, and cat into dramatic focus. Over the shot we hear Irena's voice hummi "Berceuses du Chat" by Stravinsky. The CAMERA PANS to show Irena and Oliver seated together couch near the window. Because of the dim light in the ro they can barely be seen. Oliver is listening to her sing. ends her song, and they sit quietly for a moment. Suddenl as sometimes happens, there is a lull in the traffic outs In this momentary stillness, this stillness in which a gr city seems to catch its breath, Oliver hears the sound of distant roaring, muffled and yet full of savage reverberation.
4) 2) dialog: It's the lions in the zoo. One can hear them here often. Many people in this building complain. The roaring keeps them awake.
4) 4) dialog: No.  To me it's the way the sound of the sea is to others, natural and soothing.  I like it.
4) 5) text: She looks out the window, then turns back to Oliver. IRENA (cont'd) Some nights there is another sound. The panther.  It screams... like a woman.  I don't like that.
4) 6) text: Oliver strikes a match to light his cigarette. He looks a Irena's face in the dancing match light.  She smiles at h IRENA (cont'd) I hadn't realized how dark it was getting.
4) 7) text: She rises and goes over to a lamp. She speaks in a sighin breath of ecstasy. IRENA (cont'd) I like the dark.  It is friendly.
4) 8) text: She turns on the lamp. Now, in the light, we see her apartment — a nicely proportioned living room with a fireplace set under a neat Georgian mantel. Doors at eith end of the room lead off into small bedrooms.   Behind a fantastic three-part screen on which is painted the long, sleek figure of a black leopard against a background of jungle foliage, is concealed the two-burner stove, tiny s and old-fashioned icebox which make up the kitchenette. the other corner, under the wide window, are a drawing bo and a desk, littered with crayons, brushes, bottles of discolored water, and papers.  On one side of the wall, i neat frames, hang three of Grandville's amusing studies o cats dressed as humans. Over the mantel hangs a beautiful reproduction of Goya's sinister portrait of Don Manuel Os do Zunlga and the cats.  In front of Oliver, on the coffe table, are the remnants of their tea.  Irena comes down t pick the tray up to take it into the kitchenette. Oliver starts to help her, but she stops him. IRENA (cont'd) No, no. Sit still, please.
4) 9) text: She begins to dump the ash trays and collect the saucers cups. Oliver smokes contentedly.  Irena carries the tray behind the screen.  Oliver snuffs out the cigarette and p the statue up, holding it for a moment in his hand. IRENA (cont'd) (coming out from behind screen; eagerly) Are you admiring my statue?
4) 11) dialog: King John.
4) 13) dialog: Oh, no.  King John of Serbia. He was a fine king. He drove the Mamelukes out of Serbia and freed the people.
4) 15) dialog: Perhaps you have in your room a picture of George Washington or Abraham Lincoln?
4) 17) dialog: Yes.  There are beautiful statues of King John.  There is one in Belgrade, where his face shines with goodness.  But this statue reminds me of my home, the little village where I was born.  This is the statue that stands in the square.
4) 19) text: Irena turns, her back to the fireplace mantel.  In her ha is the statue of King John. Above her, to one side, the t cats in the Goya portrait glare from the shadowed backgro
4) 20) dialog: It's not really a cat.  It's meant to represent the evil ways into which my village once had fallen.  You see, the Mamelukes came to Serbia long, long ago, and they made the people slaves. But my village was too little, too far away in the mountains. They left it alone. For five hundred years my little village was cut off from the Mother Church. At first the people were good and worshipped God in a true Christian way. But, little by little, the people changed.  When King John drove out the Mamelukes and came to our village he found dreadful things. The people bowed down to Satan and said their Masses to him. They had become witches and were evil. King John put some of them to the sword and burned some of them in fires. (pauses, drops her voice a little) But some --the wisest and the most wicked -- escaped into the mountains. (looks at Oliver) ) Now, do you understand?
4) 23) text: Irena looks down at the statue of King John. There is a haunting look of memory in her eyes.
4) 24) dialog: Those who escaped — the wicked ones -- their legend haunts the village where I was born.  The past remains...
4) 25) text: She breaks off suddenly, conscious that she has spoken to much and too frankly. A little ormolu clock on the mantel strikes the hour.  It is six.  It is obvious that Irena welcomes the interruption and she glances down at her own wrist watch.  Oliver takes the hint.  He starts toward th door.
5) 0) text: Irena has followed Oliver out and stands in the doorway Oliver turns to look at her.
5) 2) text: Irena nods with a smile, Oliver continues to the head of stairs and turns back. OLIVER (cont'd) What time tomorrow?
5) 3) text: Irena shrugs her shoulders. OLIVER (cont'd) Dinner?
5) 4) text: Irena nods and smiles at him. SHOT of stairway as Oliver comes down the stairs. He reac a landing, turns, and looks up,  Irena is looking down at from the bannister. They both smile. He continues down th stairs. At the very bottom he looks up again. Irena is st standing watching him. He smiles up at her and exits.
7) 0) text: MED. SHOT.  Oliver, with the boxed kitten under one arm, ringing the bell to Irena's apartment. After a moment, sh opens the door. She is wearing a paint-stained smock and obviously boon interrupted in her work. She smiles at Oli and he bends down to put the box on the floor.
7) 2) text: He takes the kitten out of the box and sets it on the flo Irena stoops down beside it. Seeing her, the kitten draws back, arching itself. Oliver, puzzled, looks from the cat Irena. She leans forward, smiling, trying to coax the kit to come to her. The kitten snarls and spits viciously at Oliver scoops it up in his hands. OLIVER (cont'd) Why, you little devil!
7) 3) dialog: (as she rises to her feet) It's all right. It's just that cats don't seem to like me.
7) 5) dialog: (smiling uncomfortably) Cats just don't like me.
7) 6) text: Oliver has stuffed the kitten back into its box and put t lid over it. He is obviously disappointed. Irena puts her hand on Oliver's arm. IRENA (cont'd) (Brightly) I know what we can do. You got it at a pet store, didn't you?
7) 8) dialog: Good. We could exchange it for some other pet?
7) 9) text: She looks up at him. He nods. IRENA (cont'd) I'll get my hat and coat.
8) 0) text: All is tranquil in Miss Plunkett's Pet Shoppe. Outside it is raining, a soft autumn rain. Miss Plunkett sits noddin Most of the birds and animals are sleeping. Above Miss Plunkett, in a circular stand, a brilliant macaw swings. looks very much like Miss Plunkett, and, like her, is peacefully nodding in sleep. A little bell tinkles, and there is the sound of the door opening and closing. Miss Plunkett sleeps right on. We see that Irena and Oliver ha entered the shop. Immediately there is a transformation. The birds begin to call back and forth to one another, their calls growing excited, shrill. The monkeys, awakene clamber excitedly in their cages, whimpering and chatteri madly. The puppies begin to bark, the cats to meow.  In a moment the sound has grown to sheer cacophony. The macaw, too, has awakened, and is screeching its head off. Miss Plunkett snaps out of her stolen rest and looks about her blinking curiously. Her lips form the words of amazement, "Landie, dearie me!" but there is so much noise now that nothing she says can be heard.  She looks up to see what may have startled the animals into such noisy activity; MED. SHOT of Irena and Oliver, as they stand, perplexed b all the commotion.  Oliver is closing an umbrella. Miss Plunkett comes into the scene.  She tries to yell to the animals to bo quiet.  The noise is too much for her.  Oli tries to explain to Miss Plunkett that he wants to exchan the kitten, which he holds in the box in his hands, for a canary, but he cannot make himself heard.  She only shake her head and tries to say something at which Oliver shake his head.  Irena touches Oliver's arm, indicating that it might bo better to go outside.  Oliver points outdoors to Miss Plunkett.  She nods and follows them out onto the street.
9) 6) dialog: (to Oliver) You go, please, Oliver.  Pick the one you like. It's so hot and stifling in there. I'd rather stay here.
10) 2) text: Oliver takes the bird and holds it up for Irena to see. Irena, standing outside the window, looking in, nods her head eagerly. Oliver turns back to Miss Plunkett
11) 0) text: MED. SHOT of Irena. The little bell tinkles over the door Oliver comes out with the bird in a small wooden cage. He comes over to Irena. She exchanges the umbrella for the b cage.
11) 2) text: Irena holds the cage up before her eyes, tenderly to the bird. She coos.
11) 3) dialog: Ah, he is sweet! (turns and smiles up at Oliver) He will like me very much. You will see. I like to be liked.
13) 0) text: Alice, Irena, and Oliver are walking Into the room.  It i obvious that Alice and Oliver have just arrived and been at the door by Irena.  She has her free arm linked throug Alice's.
13) 1) dialog: I think, Alice, I shall like you very much.  We shall be good friends, you and I.
13) 2) text: Alice is a little embarrassed by Irena's warmth of manner She looks about the apartment.
13) 4) dialog: Cats are harder to draw than the human hand...a good cat portrait is almost impossible.  Look up there... (pointing to the mantel picture) Even Goya couldn't do it...not really well.  That's why I like It...because it's hard.'
13) 6) dialog: No, it's not just because it's hard.  In a way, I felt I had to draw them.  Didn't you draw boats?
13) 8) dialog: And I drew cats. The other children in my village had cats, and they could hug them and play with them. But cats don't like me. They won't let me cuddle or caress them.  So instead of playing with them, I drew them.  They're the one subject still too hard for me. You understand, don't you?
13) 9) text: Without waiting for an answer, she rises and picks up a s of drawings from nor desk.  She spreads them out before Alice. IRENA (CONT'D) (cont'd) Look,  Fashion drawings bore mo.  The only way I can do them is this way.
13) 10) text: Alice picks up one of the drawings and looks at it, IRENA (CONT'D) (cont'd) Of course, when I got the gown the way I want it, I rub out the cat's face and sketch in a regular face.
13) 11) text: Alice nods and puts the drawing back with the others. Oli looking at Alice, is afraid that she has not been sufficiently Impressed. He feels called upon to defend Irena's work and to change the subject.
13) 13) dialog: I have them all mixed.
13) 21) text: Irena comes toward them.  She holds a small tray upon whi is a martini whirler, three glasses, and a small plateful hors d'oeuvres.  She places the cocktail things upon a sm table.
13) 22) dialog: It's never sung before.  This is the first time.
13) 23) text: She comes up to the cage, trying to coax the bird into so with little cooing and whistling noises.  The bird mopes its perch as far away from her as the cage will allow. IRENA (cont'd) The naughty bird. For me he will never sing.
13) 25) text: Turning toward the coffee table, Irena speaks suddenly, a with a desire to change the subject.
13) 26) dialog: Shall we have our martinis?
13) 27) text: Oliver bends down, gets the glasses, and hands them aroun Just as they lift their glasses, the eerie scream of the panther sounds.  Oliver and Alice look up. IRENA (cont'd) It's the panther --
14) 0) text: CLOSE SHOT of the panther screen, glowing In bright firelight.  Over this shot comes the melody of "Berceuses Chat." CAMERA DRAWS BACK to Include CLOSE SHOT of Irena near the phonograph as she turns down the music so that it Is only background music. She is wearing an attractive hostess go She goes over to the sofa where Oliver is stretched out a sits beside him. Irena's fingers begin to stroke his brow regularly. She smiles down at him.
14) 1) dialog: Better now?
14) 3) dialog: What about Alice? Doesn't she mind them?
14) 5) text: Irena continues to caress his brow. His head sinks down i the pillows. He closes his eyes. An outside sound distrac Irena, and she looks up. CLOSE SHOT of the window from Irena's viewpoint.  It has begun to rain, and a blast of wind has spangled the windo with raindrops. CLOSE SHOT of Irena as she smiles contentedly and looks d at Oliver.  He has fallen asleep and is breathing easily. moves gently, and one hand extends over the edge of the s Irena lets herself slide from the sofa to the floor.  She nestles against the sofa, cuddles her cheek against the b of Oliver's outstretched hand, and rubs her face back and forth, almost like a cat that pets itself against its master's hand.  Her eyes look toward the dancing flames i the fireplace.
15) 0) text: SHOT of the fire.  The flames have burned down.  There ar only glowing coals on the hearth.  The room is almost dar The music has stopped. The CAMERA MOVES from the fire to Irena, as she still sit the floor with her cheek against Oliver's hand, Oliver st slightly and opens his eyes.  Irena does not move.  Olive looks at her.
15) 2) dialog: Yes.
15) 4) dialog: I know.
15) 6) dialog: I was watching you.
15) 8) text: Irena makes a little purring murmur of assent.  There is pause then Oliver speaks softly. OLIVER (cont'd) Do you love me, Irena?
15) 11) text: Irena withdraws gently from him and moves back a bit into the shadows away from him.
15) 12) dialog: Why?
15) 14) text: Irena slips further away from him into the shadows.  He l toward her. OLIVER (cont'd) Well...?
15) 16) dialog: (suddenly taut, anguished, as if the words were being pulled from her throat) I love you, Oliver.
15) 18) text: Without answering, Irena suddenly lays her cheek against knee and beings to sob. Perplexed, Oliver looks down at h and puts a hand on her head.  She turns her head but does look at him.  Her voice has a wild, strained quality, ech some strange agony.
15) 19) dialog: I've lived in dread of this moment, Oliver.  I've not wanted to love you.  I kept myself away from people...I stayed alone...I never wanted this to happen.
15) 21) dialog: I do.  I do.
15) 24) dialog: (withdrawing from his hands) No. I can't, Oliver,  I've fled from the past, from things   you could never know or understand...evil things... evil...
15) 27) text: He tries to raise her again, to kiss her, but she eludes and cuddles down by his feet, pressing her cheek against knee.  She has stopped crying. OLIVER (cont'd) Yes, you're so normal that you're going to marry me, Irena, And those fairy tales of yours, you can tell them to our children... for them...hundreds of kittens to amuse them...
15) 28) text: Irena utters a little murmur of happiness and delight. Oliver bends over, and kisses her hair softly.. Over the sound of the rain and wind comes the coughing roar of lions in the park.
15) 33) text: The proprietor gives him a fierce look.  Irena laughs merrily.
15) 34) dialog: Oh,   Mr. Carver,   you   should  not call  the   good man  that.
15) 36) dialog: You might insult him.  "Comitaji" means bandit...robber...
15) 38) text: Commodore Judson, seated next to Alice, is watching Irena He turns to find Alice's eyes on his.
15) 43) text: Everybody toasts Irena.  Oliver looks down at her, proud happy. CLOSEUP of the Cat Woman, as she looks straight at Irena. MED. SHOT of the wedding party.  As the Commodore is sitt down, he sees the Cat Woman. He turns to Jim Carver. COMMODORE (cont'd) Look at that woman.  Isn't she something.
15) 45) text: He turns back to his food. MED. SHOT - the Cat Woman. Drawing-on her gloves, she ris and crosses the room. As she reaches the wedding party an directly opposite Irena, she stops and stares at Irena. MED. SHOT - the wedding party, holding her hand as she ta Irena is turned to Alice.
15) 46) dialog: Thank you so much, Alice, for this lovely party.  I did not know there was a Serbian restaurant.
15) 48) text: Irena laughs, and turning around, looks up at the Cat Wom The smile fades from her face.  She stares at the woman w a kind of haunted fascination.  The Cat Woman takes a ste closer, never removing her eyes from Irena.  She smiles a speaks.  (Note:  Irena's voice is to be dubbed in on the sound track when the Cat Woman speaks.)
15) 50) text: Irena blanches and shrinks, back into her chair.  She mak the sign of the Cross. The Cat Woman smiles and repeats t words.  (Note:  Scene without sign of Cross to be made fo England.) CAT WOMAN (cont'd) Moja sostra.
15) 53) text: WO SHOT - Oliver and Irena.  Irena is looking white and shaken.  Oliver takes her hand.
15) 55) text: Irena looks up at him with frightened eyes, OLIVER (cont'd) What did she say, darling?
15) 56) dialog: (slowly, seriously) If this were any night but-my wedding night...If you were any man but my husband...I would not tell you.
15) 58) dialog: (very seriously) She greeted me...she called me "sister." (seizing his hands, looking up at him) You saw her, Oliver.  You saw what she looked like.
15) 60) text: Irena looks at him from her throat sobs of hysterical laughter break OLIVER (cont'd) Look...you're laughing.  You can see how funny it is yourself.
15) 61) text: And it is true.  Irena is laughing with him, but hers is forced, flat laughter of near hysteria. The CAMERA MOVES IN so that we see that it is hysteria, whereas Oliver, seated beside her, feels sure it Is norma laughter joined with his.
16) 0) text: A cab draws up before Irena's apartment house.  In it are Oliver, Irena, the Commodore, and Carver.  It is still snowing lightly.  Carver is the first out, extricating himself from the jump seat.  He helps Irena out, and Oliv follows her.
16) 2) text: He looks at Irena.  She does not say anything.  He looks around at the rest.  No one says anything.  Then the Commodore pokes his head out of the cab.
16) 5) text: No one laughs.  It hasn't bean a funny joke.  Then Irena, begins to laugh.  She laughs hysterically.  Oliver locks her worried.  Carver is very pleased, because he thinks h has been funny.  The Commodore reaches out from the cab a taps him on the shoulder.
16) 7) text: Carver climbs into the cab, and it drives off. TWO SHOT of Irena and Oliver on the sidewalk.  The soft s falls on their shoulders.  For the first time they are al together, and Irena's problems have to be discussed.
16) 9) text: Irena  is struggling to put a hard request into reasonabl words.  She forces herself to speak.
16) 10) dialog: I'm going to beg --
16) 13) text: Irena stops and puts her hands tenderly against his chest
16) 14) dialog: It's nice to hear that...nice. I want to be Mrs.. Reed.
16) 16) dialog: But I want to be Mrs. Reed really. I want to be everything that name means to me — (with tears coming to her eyes) -- and I can't -- I can't.
16) 18) dialog: She brought back the old fears. If I could have some time to -- (seizing his hands) Oliver, be kind -- be patient - let me have time - time to get over this feeling there's something evil in me.
16) 21) text: Irena draws his hand to her lips and kisses it.
16) 22) dialog: Only a little  time...only a  little time,  Oliver.  I don't want more than that!
17) 0) text: Irena  is   crossing the room toward the door.    The  ro is lighted only by the glow from the street lamps outside She is in a negligee. Outside, through the window, the sn can be  soon falling.
18) 0) text: Oliver, still wearing street clothes, stands  at  the doo Irena's bedroom. He  taps  lightly on the door.
19) 0) text: Irena presses herself against the door.    Her hand goes to  the doorknob.
21) 0) text: Irena sinks down to her knees beside the door and crouche there, lonely and desirous.  She moves slightly. Her hand goes up toward the doorknob.  There is no doubt that her intention is to open the door.  From the park comes the t eerie scream of the panther.  Irena listens, trembles, an takes her hand from the knob.
21) 1) dialog: (almost whispering) Good night, Oliver..
21) 5) text: The keeper of the cat cages is sweeping out the blank panther's cage with a long-handled broom.  He sings to himself in a nasal New England voice.  Irena comes and st at the guard rail.
21) 8) text: The leopard, maneuvering for a better view of Irena, gets in the way of the broom.  The old keeper stops his work a his song, turning to see what has attracted the leopard's attention.  On seeing Irena, he tips his peaked cap and smiles,. KEEPER (cont'd) Ain't seen you here for some time, ma1am.
21) 9) dialog: I've been married.  I've been married almost a month.
21) 12) text: Irena leans over the guard rail.  The leopard's hackles r and he tenses his front paws to unsheathe the talons.
21) 13) dialog: (admiringly) But he's beautiful.
21) 15) dialog: (repeating softly) Like unto a leopard...
21) 17) dialog: Yes, it fits him.
22) 0) text: The panther screen is glowing in the bright sunlight streaming through the window.  The sun throws a shadow on the screen just over the panther.  It is the enlarged sha of tbe bird cage, with the canary hopping about inside th bars. CAMERA DRAWS BACK to show Irena at her desk.  She has jus finished working on a sketch.  Now she gets up, stretchin and turning. Her eyes fall on the bird in its cage, and s crosses over to it, the CAMERA MOVING with her.  The bird huddles on its perch, frightened, Irena tries to encourag to sing.  She whistles a few notes.  Still no response. opens the small door of the cage, and puts her hand insid take hold of the canary.  The bird flutters wildly.  Befo she can get hold of it, it falls to the cage floor and li there. Irena picks it up tenderly and holds it in her han The bird is dead.  Irena is serious and concerned as she the bird down on a table, opens a drawer, and takes out a empty bonbon box.  Very carefully she places the dead bir the box, and ties it up with a bit of ribbon.  She puts o her hat and coat, gets a trowel chat Is on. The window lo by one of the window boxes, and leaves the room with the trowel and the box under her handbag.
23) 0) text: Irena walks along the park path. The CAMERA is MOVING wit her. Her eyes are searching for a likely spot of earth to bury the dead bird. Under a bush she spies a bit of soft earth. She stops, and takes a step toward It. A whistled attracts her attention, and she looks up. A policeman has rounded a corner of the path, and is comi toward her amiably swinging his nightstick, as he whistle "Who?"  Irena swiftly pushes the purse back on her arm an continues walking along the path, passing the policeman, who goes right on whistling.
23) 1) text: Irena comes up the walk.  The panther is pacing back and forth behind the bars.  It stops pacing as she passes the cage.  She, too, stops, and looks at the beast. Suddenly, if under the compulsion of some thought or desire outside herself, she hurriedly takes the box, tears off the lid, throws the dead body of the canary into the cage. CLOSE SHOT of the panther, as daintily, with little paw p it begins to play with the dead bird, shuffling the tiny yellow body across the dusty floor of the cage, CLOSE SHOT of Irena watching the animal.  She shudders, almost as if recovering herself, and turning, walks quick away.
24) 0) text: Irena is standing looking out the window.  Oliver is open the little cabinet which they use for a bar.  He half tur and calls over his shoulder to her.
24) 2) text: Irena doesn't answer.  Oliver fills two glasses with sher and brings them over to her.  He offers her one. OLIVER (CONT'D) (cont'd) Here. If you're determined to mourn that bird...we'11 have a regular wake...
24) 3) dialog: It's not just because the bird died.
24) 4) text: Oliver puts a glass Into her hands and stands beside her. takes a little sip of the wine and stares into the glass, thoughtfully. IRENA (cont'd) It's me.  I envy every woman I see on the street.
24) 6) dialog: I envy them.  They are happy. They make their husbands happy. They lead normal, happy lives. They're free... (a pause) The bird...do you know what happened to the bird?
24) 8) dialog: It died of fright when I tried to take it In my hand.
24) 10) dialog: (shaking her head) Oliver, when I went past the panther's cage I had to open the box; I had to throw the bird to him, (a pause; then more intensely) Do you understand?...I had to. I had to do it!  That's what frightens me.
24) 13) dialog: (taking his hand) No one could have been more gentle or more patient.
24) 15) text: Irena half turns. The statuette of King John is on the ta before her. She lets one hand rest for a minute on the ba of the figure.  Oliver follows the direction of her gaze he shakes his head. OLIVER (cont'd) Not that sort of help.  There's something wrong, and we have to face it in an intelligent way. We don't need a King John with fire and sword.  We need someone who can root out the reason for your belief and cure it. That's what we need — a psychiatrist.
24) 16) text: Irena turns toward him, her face eager and hopeful,
24) 17) dialog: (eagerly) Find one for me, Oliver.  The best one...the very best one I
25) 0) text: CLOSE SHOT of Irena. She is in a dark room. Coming diagon across is a square shaft of light which falls softly on Irena's face, framing the closed eyes, the nose, and the mouth, leaving everything else in undisturbed darkness. F the darkness comes a male voice, a very persuasive, insis voice.
25) 2) dialog: (eyes still closed as she speaks) They torment me. I wake in the night, I fool their warmth and their strength in me...in me. I walk in the day, and the tread of their foot whispers in my brain.  I have no peace...for they are in me...
25) 5) text: There is no response. The man gets up, so that we see him silhouette.  He crosses the room and draws the curtains, letting in the brilliant sunlight.  Irena lies with eyes closed, breathing with the shallow, regular breath of sle undisturbed by the harsh light. TWO SHOT of Irena and Dr. Louis Judd.  He stands for a mo watching her.  Judd is a harshly ugly man of early middle ago.  There is an arrogance in his bearing which makes so women see him as the suave, continental man, perfectly su of his success with any woman.  His consulting room is cl antiseptic, and sparsely furnished with a couch, a chair, a gooseneck lamp on a stand.  Irena is lying on the couch Judd, standing beside her, makes a few notations on a pad Then he lightly pats her cheek to wake her.  She comes fr sleep very quietly. JUDD (cont'd) You are very tired.
25) 6) dialog: (smiling uncertainly)  No...not very.
25) 9) dialog: (taking the glass he gives her) It's only that I remember nothing.
25) 11) dialog: (anxiously)  Is that all I told you?
25) 13) dialog: I am so ashamed.  It must seem so childish.
25) 15) text: Irena nods her head but does not raise her eyes. JUDD (cont'd) Frankly, there is no need to be ashamed.  This is only what we call a psychological block...a thing which stands between you and what you really desire.
25) 16) text: Irena looks at him.  He looks at his watch, crosses to th desk and puts away his notebook with an air of finality. JUDD (cont'd) Those things are very simple to psychiatrists.  You told me of your childhood.  Perhaps we'll find this trouble stems from some early experience. You said you didn't know your father...that he had died in some mysterious accident in the forest before your birth...and because of that the children teased you and called your mother a witch...a cat woman. These childhood tragedies are inclined to corrode the soul, to leave a canker in the mind, but we will try to repair the damage.
25) 17) text: Irena rises and gives Dr. Judd her hand.  He places an ar around her shoulders with familiar ease, as he leads her the door. JUDD (cont'd) You are not to worry.
25) 18) dialog: What shall I tell my husband? Naturally, he is anxious to have some word.
26) 0) text: Dr. Judd and Irena enter and cross to the door which lead the hall. He opens the door for her.
26) 2) text: Irena nods and leaves. Dr. Judd turns to another of his patients in the waiting room. She is a beautiful, neuroti looking woman, swathed in furs and adorned with loops of pearls. Judd bows from the waist to kiss her hand. JUDD (cont'd) My dear lady.
28) 0) text: CLOSE SHOT of Irena as she reaches the top of the stairs goes down the hallway to her door, still humming the song Joyously she swings open the door of the apartment* CLOSEUP of Irena as she sees something inside, REVERSE SHOT. Through the door can be seen Oliver and Ali seated together on the sofa. Oliver-is just bending over light Alice's cigarette. They turn and look as Irena ente and closes the door. Irena, Alice and Oliver.
28) 1) dialog: (as she crosses to Alice) Alice, it's so nice to see you!
28) 3) dialog: (puzzled) Louis ?
28) 5) text: Instantly Irena's mood changes.    She  looks at Alice, puzzled and a little hurt  to think that Oliver has spoke of her visit to the psychiatrist.    Oliver catches Irena look.
28) 8) text: Oliver is looking very embarrassed.    Irena is both star and angry now.    Alice looks at both of them and catches ALICE (cont'd) Uh-oh!
28) 10) dialog: I don't see why that was necessary.
28) 13) text: She lets Oliver help her on with her coat, and, with her still in her hand, she goes over to the door. Pausing, sh calls out to Irena. ALICE (cont'd) Sorry, Irena.  I'm sure neither I nor Oliver had any notion of offending you.  I'm dreadfully sorry.
28) 14) dialog: (half-turning, coldly)  Good-bye, Alice.
28) 15) text: With another-guilty look at Oliver, Alice closes the door behind her. The moment the door clicks shut, Irena turns face Oliver.  She is furious, hurt, offended. Oliver trie make nice with her.
28) 17) dialog: But, Oliver, how can you discuss such things...such intimate things about me? How much did you tell her?
28) 19) dialog: There are some things a woman doesn't want other women to understand.
29) 0) text: Irena is unable to sleep.  A bright moon drives a shaft o misty light through the window and across her bed. She tu restlessly, gets up, and goes to the window for a moment look out.  From the park comes the sound of the lions and eerie, piercing shriek that she knows is the leopard's cr She trembles, perhaps with cold, perhaps with some emotio that she cannot understand.  She comes to a decision, thr a fur coat over her nightdress, outs on a pair of galoshe over her bedroom slippers, and lets herself out of the ro
30) 0) text: Irena hesitates as she tiptoes across the studio room of apartment.  The moonlight Is pouring in through the windo throwing the familiar objects of the room Into mysterious half-shadows.  She goes quietly over to the other door, o it quietly, and looks in.
32) 0) text: Irena closes the door to Oliver's bedroom softly, and tip to the main door, snapping the night latch back, and quie letting herself out.
32) 8) dialog: (a pause, as she looks at him)  I couldn't sleep.  I went out.
32) 11) dialog: Just walked.
32) 14) dialog: We should never quarrel, Oliver. I need you so much. You must help me, Oliver. (pauses) Never let me feel jealousy or anger. Whatever it is that is In me is held in...is kept harmless...when I am happy.
32) 19) text: Irena stands at the guard rail, watching the old keeper unlock the cage door and throw in the big, bloody chunks meat. He is singing again his monotonous, nasal song, but even his singing cannot drown out the noisy feeding of th panther as it gnaws and tears at the meat. When he has th in the last chunk, he slams shut the cage door and moves It is a gusty, blowy day of hard, inconstant winds.  Iren notices that he has left the key in the look of the cage. INSERT THE KEY in the panther cage lock. BACK TO SCENE.  Irena pushes aside the little gate, gets key, stands with it for a moment in her hands, and then r after the keeper. She holds it out toward him.
32) 20) dialog: You forgot your key.
32) 24) dialog: Temptation?
32) 26) dialog: Why would I want it?
32) 28) dialog: (bewildered) How did you know where to find me?
32) 30) text: Irena looks away. Irena and Dr. Judd as SHOT from within the panther's cage The black panther moves from time to time in the foregrou sometimes blotting one and then the other character from view. Irena and Judd are seen through the bars of the cag JUDD (cont'd) Why didn't you come back?
32) 31) dialog: I don't feel that you can help me. You are very wise. You know a great deal. Yet when you speak of the soul, you mean the mind...and it is not my mind that is troubled.
32) 33) dialog: (apologetically, turning away) It does seem presumptuous of me, doesn't it? Good-bye, Doctor.
32) 36) text: Irena turns back to him questioningly, and he smiles at h as he joins her on the walk.
32) 38) dialog: Yes. My mother was a peasant. She was lovely...quiet and strong...a big woman.
32) 41) text: It's quite clear — a hasty marriage...a brief pastor then he disappears. JUDD (cont'd) No wonder your mother never spoke of him...that the village people drew aside from her. As for the children who teased you...who would explain his absence to them? Naturally, they could only go by old wives' tales of cat women and violence,  (pauses, looking closely at Irena) I'm right, am I not?
32) 42) text: Irena pauses thoughtfully for a moment.
32) 43) dialog: (quietly) But what of my mother's death?
32) 45) dialog: (still quietly) I held her hand when she died. That hand...even as I held it... turned to the black paw of a panther.  I felt the coarse hair, the sharp talons, the pads...I felt them... I saw her lying, black... I saw that.
32) 46) text: She pauses and looks at Judd, who is frowning at her; she speaks, almost with a note of triumph, IRENA (cont'd) What little pastoral, Doctor... do you have to explain that?
32) 48) dialog: I was thirteen when my mother died.
32) 50) dialog: There was an epidemic in the village.
32) 52) dialog: No.  I was called from school. I can remember it so clearly. I came through the fields. The meadow larks were singing, and the sun was shining.  I carried the knapsack of school books in my hand.  I remember I could not believe that on such a day anyone could die. I was not delirious.
32) 54) dialog: The priest would not come into our house when he saw what was on the bed. Was his also an illusion of grief?
32) 57) text: Irena gives him a scornful look of disbelief, and turns a as we
33) 25) text: They  stand looking  at each other.  Alice gives a final to her nose, hands the handkerchief back to Oliver, and manages a grin. ALICE (cont'd) Forgot it.  There's Irena... you're in love with her.
34) 0) text: Irena is in the window alcove, busily engaged in washing paint brushes.  She twirls them between her palms to get water out of them.  Oliver is in his easy chair. He holds magazine in his hands, but he is not reading. Suddenly he puts the magazine down.
34) 2) text: Irena turns toward him, but continues to twirl the brush she has In her hands. OLIVER (cont'd) (rising and coming toward her) Irena, I'm worried. What's happening to us?
34) 3) text: Irena looks up at him as she stops twirling her brush. Sh speaks very simply, as if this explained and adjusted all difficulties.
34) 4) dialog: I love you, Oliver.
34) 6) dialog: (interrupting)  I have never lied to you.
34) 8) text: Irena looks at him and then down at the brush in her hand OLIVER (cont'd) You haven't been back to see him.
34) 9) dialog: He cannot help me.
34) 11) text: At the mention of Alice, Irena has repeated the name soft furiously, the while a look of concentrated fury has come her face.  The rest of Oliver's speech has been lost to h through her own anger. OLIVER (cont'd) You're content to go on as we are.
34) 12) dialog: (softly, but savagely sibilant) Alice!
34) 15) text: At the door he picks up his hat and coat and goes out, closing the door quietly behind  him.  No sooner has the closed than Irena jumps to  her feet, paces quickly towar it, then back again.
38) 0) text: Irena has the telephone in her hand, and over the phone w hear Alice's voice.
38) 2) text: Irena quietly hangs up the phone.
40) 0) text: Along the rooftop of the building opposite Irena's apartm glide a couple of mangy alley oats.  They lead into the scene. Seeing Irena's lighted window, they seat themselve the parapet side and look down into the lighted square of window. Through it Irena can be seen on her knees, her ha folded in prayer. Her lips are moving.
40) 1) text: :fI*bm^;:VohlMv;th6?ae^h^1M'V/¦::,iV^ cat in line; a l further to one side than the other. From this vantage poi we can see down into Irena's apartment. We now see the object of Irena's adoration and her plea: the statue of King John of Serbia. Suddenly, Irena rises swiftly to her feet, and with a quick, violent movement she sweeps the statue to the floor. The cats, frightened, scamper away over the rooftops. The CAMERA MOVES toward the window, as we see Irena catch her hat and coat and leave.
43) 0) text: Irena as SHOT in the reflection of a florist shop window. She is walking with fast, soft steps.
45) 0) text: As SHOT through the plate glass window of the florist sho with a grouping of tiger lilies in the f.g. Irena stands an alcove-entrance, watching Oliver and Alice as they go TWO SHOT - Oliver and Alice.  Alice stops, shivers, and d the collar of her coat higher. Oliver turns to her.
45) 3) text: They smile at each other and move on. CLOSE SHOT of Irena through the tiger lilies, as she look after them.
47) 0) text: Irena steps out from the shadows around the park wall. Sh draws up her fur collar over the lower part of her face a turns toward the transverse walk. On the sound track the music for "Berceuses du Chat" begins in an eerie, minor k
48) 0) text: Irena pauses at the entrance to the transverse. Ahead of walking briskly about one hundred feet in advance is Alic There are no other pedestrians on the narrow transverse w The street and sidewalk are glistening wet and reflect th pools of light from the street lamps. The melting snow dr down the stone walls.  Irena turns into the transverse an starts to walk after Alice.
49) 0) text: SHOT of Alice, as she walks along. On one side of her are high, rock walls of the transverse; on the other is the street. SHOT of Irena, as she, too, walks along. MED. SHOT - street lamp on transverse.  It throws a circu pool of light, Alice emerges from the darkness, crosses t area of light, and continues on into the darkness.  The s click of her heels fades into the distance. Even as the s of her steps fades, the sound of Irena's steps comes into scene. Irena comes from the darkness, crosses the area of light, and continues oh after Alice into the darkness. CLOSEUP of Alice's feet as they walk along, the heels clicking on the wet pavement. CLOSEUP of Irena's feet as they walk along, her heels likewise clicking on the pavement. MED. SHOT of a lighted area, as Alice again walks through circle of light.  She walks directly through and into the darkness beyond, her footsteps clicking on the pavement. her footsteps fade, we would logically hear Irena's steps coming onto the scene. But we do not. There is nothing, o the sound of Alice's heels fading into the distance.  The music of the "Berceuses du Chat" rises and fades. SHOT of Alice as she walks along, the CAMERA TRUCKING wit her. There is the sound of her feet on the pavement. She stops in a pool of street light, frowning, sensing the presence of something behind her. She glances over her shoulder, then looks around. The music is growing louder. LONG SHOT of the glistening wet transverse walk, as Alice sees it -- a dark, deserted walk, fading off to a perspec line. It is lighted by regularly spaced street lamps. SHOT of Alice, as she peers more closely into the darknes She  is troubled.  The silence is ominous. She frowns apprehensively, turns, and starts to walk on a little fas She turns her head slightly, but does not dare look behin her. She increases her pace and walks very rapidly throug the next area of light and on into the darkness.  The sou of her own steps is loud, and she begins to run. She reac the next pool of light, stops stock still, panic-stricken afraid to move. Outside the circle of light is only black and silence, Alice's frightened eyes poor into the darkne She shrinks against the lamp post. Sheer terror crosses h face. Suddenly there is a roaring sound that fills the so track, completely drowning the loud music. A pattern of l cuts across Alice's face. She throws up one arm, almost a to defend herself.  There is a hissing, screeching sound. SHOT of a transverse bus, as with a hiss of air brakes it stops directly alongside Alice.  She grasps the platform to steady herself.  The doors open. BUS DRIVER Climb on, sister. Alice steps up. A snarl sounds in the darkness, looks beh her. Her eyes are carried upward. The wet shrubbery at the top of wall stirs, settling, as something had only that moment passed through it. Alice is looking back over her shoulder, fascinated by wh she has seen. She is standing just within the bus, but th driver cannot close the door.
56) 0) text: Irena is standing under a street lamp.  She seems dazed a bewildered.  She is dabbing at her lips with her handkerchief.  The caretaker's whistle is blowing in the distance. Irena frowns, puzzled, irresolute. Another whis closer, responds to the caretaker's whistle. A taxi drive and stops beside her.
56) 2) text: Irena looks up, nods and gets into the cab.
57) 0) text: Oliver is pacing the floor.  The room lights are on full. is smoking a cigarette nervously.  There is the sound of door being opened.  Oliver turns around. Irena has let herself In.  She closes the door behind her leans up against it.  She is blinking in the glare of the light,  She looks ghastly, white, and drawn, her shoes an stockings are wet, muddied, torn.  She has lost her hat, her hair is in wild disorder.  In her hand she is crumpli and re-crumpling a soiled lace handkerchief. TWO SHOT of Irena and Oliver.  Irena's exhaustion is so g that she looks as if she were about to collapse. Oliver j quickly to her side, putting his arm around her waist to support her.  She draws away from him,
57) 2) dialog: Please...please...don't touch me...don't come near me.
57) 4) text: Oliver hesitates and looks at her with sympathy. OLIVER (cont'd) Look, Irena, I'm sorry. I've been worried to death.  I didn't know where you were. I thought..
57) 6) text: Irena starts toward her room, mumbling brokenly.
57) 7) dialog: I forgive you.
59) 0) text: Oliver stands at the door to Irena's room.
59) 3) text: Oliver Is worried. INT. IRENA'S BATHROOM - NIGHT . CLOSEUP of the base of an old-fashioned bathtub that has floor supports of ornamental balls with tiger claws exten down over the tops. Over the scene comes the broken sobbi of Irena. CAMERA MOVES UP, and we see Irena In the tub. She sits ve still in the still water, but her glistening shoulders sh as she tries to control the storm of her hysteria.
60) 0) text: CLOSE SHOT of Irena sleeping. She moves slightly in her sleep. Her lips move as if she were trying to speak.
60) 4) text: We LAP DISSOLVE BACK to Irena's face in such a manner tha seems this enormous key were pressing down upon her in he sleep.                                 .
60) 6) text: A light rain is falling. Once more the keeper is singing himself in his nasal voice as he pushes chunks of meat in the beast. He looks up to see Irena standing at the guard rail and smiles at her.
60) 8) dialog: The animals must love you. You feed them so promptly...the same time every day.  One could set one's watch by you.
60) 10) dialog: I don't think they'd find you indigestible.
60) 11) text: This strikes the keeper as being very amusing.    He chuc to himself and absent-mindedly moves on to the next cage. Irena looks at the door Of the panther's cage. THE KEY to the panther's cage has been left in the lock again by the keeper. BACK TO SCENE, Irena looks around her, making sure that n one is near enough to see her. Very quietly she opens the little gate, takes out the key and slips it in her purse. steps back onto the promenade, closing the gate behind he The keeper looks up; he is still chuckling. Irena smiles looks toward the black panther. CLOSEUP of the black panther's face as the beast stares a her.
61) 0) text: CLOSEUP of a grinning cat's face which adorns the bowhead the end of the timber projecting at right angles from the of a model ship. CAMERA DRAWS BACK for CLOSE SHOT of Irena looking at the model. It is the "Royal Harry,11 progenitor of the mighty British fleet. But what obviously holds Irena's interest the cat's face. She is fascinated. THREE SHOT - Alice and Oliver in the f.g.and Irena in the b.g. Alice and Oliver are engrossed in their examination frame model of the privateer, "Swallow". They move over t the next, model, which brings them beside Irena. Alice st and looks at Oliver.
61) 2) text: Irena, aroused from her absorption in the quaint cat face the "Royal Harry," comes to herself with a start. Oliver takes her elbow.
61) 4) dialog: I like  these little boats.     I want  to be with you.  (looking up at  Oliver; pouting) Don't send me  away.
61) 6) text: Irena looks at him.  Her mood changes, as she feels that perhaps they do want to be rid of her.  She walks off. OLIVER (cont'd) (calling after her) We'll meet you in the main lobby in an hour.
62) 0) text: Irena paces the museum corridors.  She walks alone, the CAMERA TRACKING with her.  A sullen look is on her face a her lips are heavy with sulkiness.  She passes a showcase filled with terra cotta figurines of the cat-headed goddess, Bubastis.  She only glances at them as she passe Her stride lengthens with her growing anger.  At the end the aisle she stops still and looks up. As SHOT from Irene's VIEWPOINT, looking up, we see a towering effigy of the goddess Bubastis, carved into a black basalt caryatid.  The huge cat head is supported by lovely, slim, women's neck, rising from rounded, feminine shoulders.  The goddess gazes down at Irena from blind, enigmatic, cat's eyes. Irena, as she looks up at this dread goddess of the noond sun, seems to reach a resolve. Her expression grows grim, resolute.  She turns, and walks quickly away.
63) 0) text: Irena walks through the main lobby toward the exit door. She pauses for a moment beside a greet bronze statue of a puma leaping on a frightened horse, and looks toward the ship exhibit room.
64) 0) text: As SHOT from the lobby, from Irena's VIEWPOINT, with the bronze statue of the puma and the horse in the f.g. We can see Alice and Oliver within the exhibit room, with their backs turned, closely Inspecting a ship model.
65) 0) text: SHOOTING through the intricacies of the puma-and-horse statue at Irena, who looks a moment at Alice and Oliver, then turns, and walks out of the building.
66) 0) text: A cab drives up in front of the hotel and Alice gets out. She waves good-bye to Oliver, and the cab drives off with him.  She turns and enters the hotel. The streets are sti wet.  Just as Alice is passing through the door, another cab drives up.  Irena gets out.  She pays the driver, and the cab moves off.  Irena stands for a moment irresolutel under the marquee.
68) 0) text: Irena is walking irresolutely back and forth underneath t lighted marquee.  Suddenly, she seems to come to some decision and walks up the lighted steps toward the entran
69) 0) text: The desk clerk is still talking over the phone as Irena c quietly up to the counter. The blonde glances up and sees her.
69) 2) dialog: Is Miss Moore in?
69) 4) dialog: Would it be all right if I went down to see her?
69) 6) text: Irena nods and goes toward the steps.  The blonde picks u the phone again and continues. BLONDE (cont'd) As I was sayin' to Brenda...
73) 0) text: Alice's voice is gone. Her strength is ebbing. She paddle weakly around in the water. There is a sharp shriek and t room is flooded with light. Alice looks, in the direction the metallic click. SHOT of Irena, as she stands by the electric switch, dres immaculately as Alice had last seen her, calm, poised.
73) 1) dialog: What Is the matter, Alice?
73) 2) text: SHOT of Alice as she stares back at Irena. Mrs. Hanson and the blonde come running down the stairs crying in unison.
73) 5) text: Alice, glancing toward Irena, has recovered her poise. Sh explains lamely.
73) 7) text: SHOT of Irena, as she smiles at the women, and then looks back toward Alice. Mrs. Hanson and the blonde breathe sighs of relief, and s back toward the stairs.
73) 11) text: She starts swimming toward the edge of the pool. SHOT of Irena, as she smiles and starts toward the stairs Alice and Irena. Alice has taken hold of the edge of the pool.  Irena bends down, smiling.
73) 12) dialog: I'm sorry I disturbed you, Alice. I missed you and Oliver. I thought you might know where he is.
73) 14) dialog: If you don't mind, then, I'll run on.
74) 0) text: Irena goes up the stairs. As Irena disappears up the stai Alice comes in from the pool.
77) 0) text: Irena is working at her drawing table.  She has on her sm The telephone rings, and Irena picks it up. In the b.g, t empty bird cage swings in the cold winter sunlight.
77) 1) dialog: Hello. (a little, frown, as she recognizes the voice) ) Alice?
79) 0) text: The smile, the innocence have left Irena's face. A look o dread horror takes their place.  She leans against the ta for support.  Her tone is imploring.
79) 1) dialog: (into phone) Don't say that, I don't remember last night. I don't remember. It isn't true. You mustn't say it!
80) 0) text: Alice realizes by Irena's desperate tone that Irena in he human form is entirely ignorant of what she may do in som other guise.                                      
81) 0) text: Irena places the phone back on the desk. She leans forwar one troubled hand, brushing the hair back from her forehe In the b.g. the empty bird cage fills the scene. The sun throws the shadows of the bars across her face. Irena com to a decision, rises, and throwing on a fur coat over her smock, leaves the apartment.
82) 4) text: TWO SHOT of Irena and Judd. She is looking at him imploringly.
82) 5) dialog: Help me...
82) 7) dialog: But I am.  I have told you everything. I have not lied.
82) 10) dialog: (looking down) I don't know...I am only afraid...
82) 12) dialog: (moving away from him so that his hand falls from her shoulder) I don't know, I only know that I should not like to be kissed by you.
82) 15) dialog: (desperately) Dr. Judd, believe me...I beg you to believe,me. I have no secrets.  I have told you everything. I have not lied to you. I need your help.
82) 18) text: For a moment they face each other, and frightened. Irena is shaken JUDD (cont'd) I cannot help you. You can only help yourself. You keep going back to the mad legends of your birthplace. Forget them. You surround yourself with cat objects — pictures — get rid of them. Lead a normal life.
82) 19) text: He rises, puts his arm about her shoulder, and starts lea her toward the door. At the door Irena looks up at him.
82) 20) dialog: (Softly) For the first time you have been kind to me.
82) 22) text: As Irena walks out, he stands at the door watching her.
83) 0) text: Oliver and Irena are sitting at a little table drawn up before the fireplace. They have finished dinner. Only the empty dessert plates and the empty demitasse cups remain. fire is burning bright, but low. Above the mantle is an e space. The Goya has been removed. Later, as the CAMERA SHIFTS, we will notice that the Grandville drawings and t panther screen have also been taken away. Oliver is looki down at his empty coffee cup, lost in thought. Irena is watching him.
83) 1) dialog: Oliver?
83) 2) text: Oliver does not look up. IRENA (cont'd) I've been to Dr. Judd.
83) 3) text: Oliver looks up Irena looks first at him, then at the emp space where the Goya had hung. He follows her gaze and notices that it is no longer there. They look at each oth IRENA (cont'd) I am no longer afraid.
83) 6) text: Irena still smiles at him, but there is more inquiry than invitation in her smile. Oliver finds the words he wants say and says them with blunt simplicity. OLIVER (cont'd) I don't love you, Irena.  I love Alice. I've always loved her, but I didn't know it.  I had to learn maybe through this marriage of ours -- what love was.  I didn't want to tell you this. But now, you see, I have to.  It's too late.
83) 7) text: CLOSEUP of Irena. Oliver's words. She has tears in her eyes as she echoes
83) 8) dialog: Too late ---
83) 9) text: Irena and Oliver.
83) 11) dialog: (looking tip at him) You gave me happiness.
83) 14) dialog: Better? Better for whom?  (she pauses, averts her face and then says brokenly) I am being loft alone.
83) 15) text: CLOSE SHOT of Oliver. Her words have affected him greatly He tries to say something but Is struck by the futility o anything he can say and does not speak. (Note to director If necessary to get over this thought, you might lot him start and swallow the word "Irena" as if he were going to more.) Irena. She looks at him. As she looks, her mood changes; anger comes to her face and it is almost as if with this flood of anger, her grasp on reality and sanity relaxed. Although her voice lowers, it gains in intensity.  (Note director:  There are a great many "s" sounds in the follo speech and, if possible, they should be emphasized so tha can almost hear the spitting of a cat in her voice. The w between should be held in low key. The facial expression tense and presages the immobility of her face in the comi scene with Judd.) IRENA (cont'd) Speak.    You can't speak --   there's nothing  you can say.     There's  only silence.    But  I love silence —  I love loneliness   -
83) 16) text: Irena and  Oliver.     He kneels down beside her alarmed her  tone and very concerned.     Irena turns  away from hiding her face In the back of the sofa.     Her two hand rest on the back,  stiffly,  claw-like. IRENA (cont'd) (in the same low voice but growing more incoherent as she goes on) I don't care.  I am not a woman. I can feel fierce pleasures a woman never knows.
83) 17) text: She grows completely incoherent, pouring forth torrential the meaningless words. IRENA (CONT'D) (cont'd) In me --- they are in me --- their warmth --— their strength— their softness -- lonely — dark — silent — silent.
83) 20) text: Irena fights for self-control. We can see her fingers dig deep into the upholstery. Then her voice comes, throaty a vibrant with attempted control.
83) 21) dialog: Please --- please go.
83) 22) text: Oliver looks at her, concerned, reluctant. IRENA (cont'd) I want you to go — go — please, go.
83) 23) text: Oliver gets up hesitantly and goes toward the door. He lo back, sees her tensely quiet on the sofa, picks up his ha and coat, looks again, his face showing worry and concern Finally he leaves, closing the door softly behind him. Irena's two hands rip downward, the nails slashing the th fabric of the sofa covering. Oliver is dialing a number. There is a tense look of urge on his face. He gets a response.
86) 4) text: Oliver gives Judd the key; Judd starts down the hall. SHOT of Judd, as he opens the door to Irena's apartment a goes in.
90) 10) text: He looks at her. ALICE (cont'd) That was Irena...I know it was Irena who called.  She could call from downstairs.  She may be on her way up now.
90) 21) text: Alice seizes his arm.  In the darkness, to one side of th there Is a sound like a snarl.  Instinctively Oliver and Alice step backward, away from the sound in the dark. The CAMERA MOVES with them.  They bump into a desk, grope their way around It. From the darkness following them, there is a whisper of light, padded feet — a delicate tick, tick of claws the floor.  Alice bumps Into the glassy coldness of the w cooler, gasps in fright, arid pushes it away from her. Th is a crash, the sound, of glass breaking, and then the throaty gurgle of water spilling out onto the floor.   It is silent then.  Alice and Oliver are creeping back do between a row of filing cabinets.  Now there comes again, pursuing them, the whispering tread of soft paws. Alice a Oliver are against the further wall now. Alice is pushed behind Oliver, her back against the wall. Panic-stricken, she begins to whimper with restrained hysteria.  Her nerv are cracking up. Oliver tightens his hold on her wrist. cold sweat breaks out on his forehead.  He reaches in his pocket, and pulls out a book of matches.  He lights one.  It throws a faint glow around them.  Shadows flicker acro their faces.  Behind them the match light dimly reveals t letters "Project No. 457." They peer into the darkness. SHOT of the dark, shadowy room. Alice is sobbing with fright, trying to restrain her fear that the sobs, when they come, are the more terrifying to hear.  Oliver calls into the darkness. OLIVER (cont'd) Irena...Irena... (the match light begins to flicker) Irena...
90) 23) text: Alice lights a match, the scene is brighter. OLIVER (cont'd) Leave us, Irena.  Leave us.
90) 24) text: SHOT of the darkness before Alice and Oliver. Oliver's match light flickers out before Alice's match al goes out, Oliver looks up to one side. CLOSEUP of a T-square hanging beside him on the wall. As Oliver reaches up to got the T-square, Alice's match l dies.  In the darkness, he snatches the T-square  Alice lights another match.  Oliver has the T-square in his han and in the eerie light, a shadow is thrown on the wall ab and to one side of him.  He leans forward tensely.  He sp with deep feeling, the name of God in tones of reverent supplication. OLIVER (cont'd) Irena...I beg you, leave us In peace. (pauses) In the name of God --Irena.
95) 0) text: Dr. Judd Is seated in a chair.  The phonograph is playing music for Irena's song. The phone starts to ring. Judd lo at it.  The phone rings again, and he picks it up.
96) 2) text: Alice hangs up the receiver and turns to Oliver. ALICE (cont'd) I think Irena just came in. He hung up on me.
97) 0) text: SHOOTING PAST Judd, who is putting down the phone, we see Irena standing, looking at him, the open door behind her. stands up and comes toward her as she closes the, door.
97) 2) text: Irena continues to look at him with a calm, measuring sta He comes closer to her, speaking as he moves. In the b.g. record still plays Irena's music. She looks up at him, betraying no emotion. He is beside her. He kisses her han Still no emotion crosses her face. She only looks at him. JUDD (cont'd) I have never believed your story. I am not afraid of you.
97) 3) text: He puts his arms around her, looks into her eyes. She doe not struggle, continues only to stare at him. He speaks softly to her. JUDD (cont'd) I take you in my arms. You are so very little...so soft...there is warm perfume in your hair... your body. Do not be afraid of me, Irena...
97) 4) text: CLOSEUP of Irena's face, his kiss. She lifts her mouth to receive CLOSE TWO SHOT of Irena and Judd as he bends to kiss her. They kiss. He draws back from her, smiling, his arms stil around her body. CLOSEUP of Irena. This is as immobile, as expressionless shot of her face as we can achieve; there is a frightenin blankness and vacancy in this face. Then the whole head m forward slowly toward the camera, the expression never changing, not even stirring to breathe. CLOSEUP of Judd. The smile suddenly fades from his face. place is taken by shock and terror.
105) 0) text: TWO SHOT - Oliver and Alice.  They are running up the sec flight of stairs. SHOT of the stairs above them. We can see the shadow now clearly.  It is Irena.  She is coming down the stairs.  H fur coat is only half on.  One arm is in the sleeve; the other side of the wrap is draped about her shoulders, pul across her breast as if she were holding it to hide some hurt.  She sees Alice and Oliver below her and moves stealthily back into the deeper shadows of the stairway. Alice and Oliver are passing an angle of the stairway whe Irena stands.  Neither of them sees her. CLOSEUP of Irena as she watches them go by.  Her eyes are Oliver.
107) 0) text: Irena is on the first floor. She is  looking up.
107) 1) dialog: (calling softly) Oliver!
108) 0) text: TWO SHOT  - Alice  and Oliver. Oliver does not hear his n but  sensing Irena's presence,  he  stops, hesitating.
109) 0) text: SHOOTING DOWN the stairwell from the upper floor, we see Irena make a gesture of farewell to Oliver and turn away toward the street door.
110) 0) text: Oliver and Alice join the two old ladies and go through, doorway of Irena's apartment.
113) 0) text: Irena starts down the promenade. A white ground fog lies heavily upon the earth. She pauses for a moment.
113) 1) text: Irena comes up to the cage of the black panther. The pant rises and looks at her.
113) 2) text: REVERSE SHOT - as the panther in the f.g. looks out betwe the bars at Irena.
113) 3) text: Irena opens the gate, reaches in her purse and finds the She goes up to the lock in the cage and fits the key in t lock, turning it.  She pauses a moment and then swings op the cage door. CLOSEUP of the panther, doorway. It is crouched, in the open REVERSE SHOT of Irena. She is standing facing the panther Her head is up; her arms hang at her side, her hands spre out. Her eyes are wide open. MED. SHOT of Irena and the panther. The beast snarls once leaps forward. With one sweep of a heavy paw the animal h Irena to the ground. Free, he bounds off into the darknes CLOSE SHOT of Irena. There is a little smile on her lips. coat has fallen back from a naked shoulder. A piece of th broken blade of Judd's dagger protrudes from a bloodless wound in the shoulder. A thin trickle of blood flows from corner of her mouth. She scrabbles with her fingers again the hard pavement. Then her fingers relax. She is dead.
115) 1) text: Oliver and Alice come to a little space before the cage. see a black object lying on the pavement.  Quietly and cautiously they cross over to it.  Oliver bends down to examine it. Under Irena's fur coat is a black leopard's b the leg and paw in the same attitude her arm and hand had taken, and the broken blade that had once protruded from Irena's gleaming shoulder is now rooted in the black fur the panther.   Oliver looks up at Alice, then gets to his feet, takes he arm, and they start to the walk.  Some few foot away, the turn back to look again at the body.