0) 1) dialog: Yes. (then continuing in the same tone) "Sometimes whoever seeks abroad may find Thee sitting careless on a granary floor, Thy hair soft lifted...  (ponders, as if trying to remember) Thy hair soft lifted..."
0) 3) dialog: What a way to spend a Saturday afternoon!
0) 5) dialog: You should've minded your mother and eaten more bread crusts. You'd have curly hair now.
0) 7) text: She starts off down the promenade. She walks briskly in o direction, while Oliver turns the other way, ambling towa the leopard cage. Along the promenade a file of Saturday afternoon idlers goes by. Oliver moves up to the cages an pauses at the guard rail before the leopard cage. Near hi sits Irena, busily sketching. Oliver looks at her, but sh does not look up at him. She gets up and moves a few step her eyes intent on the movements of the panther, which is walking about In its cage. Oliver politely steps aside so that she can get a better vantage point.  She does not ev notice him. She frowns at her drawing, wads the paper int ball, and turns to throw it into the container. Oliver st before her, smiling and extending his hand. She looks at a moment, then smiles and drops the wad of paper into his hand.
0) 9) text: With an easy aim, Oliver tosses it neatly into the contai and turns to her with a shrug, as if to say how easy it w But Irena has picked up another drawing upon which she ha worked and is now studying it. The music of the organ-gri grows constantly louder as the scene progresses.
0) 10) dialog: You won't believe  this,  and you've probably heard  it a dozen times before...but  I've never known any artists.
0) 12) text: She has picked up the drawing and is holding it in her ha with its back toward Oliver, who extends his hand.
0) 13) dialog: May I see it?
0) 16) dialog: I'm afraid it would have to be pretty bad to do that. Besides, look... (pointing to a drawing she had dropped, quoting in a mocking tone) "Let no one say, and say it to your shame..."
0) 17) text: Irena laughs and starts to pick up the paper, but a gust wind blows it down the promenade. She turns to Oliver and shrugs her shoulders. She starts to fold up her campstool Oliver comes forward to offer his assistance. At the same time the organ-grinder passes between them and the camera playing "Aida" on his hand organ. Oliver asks Irena if he help her, but the music is so loud she cannot hear him. H assists Irena in gathering up her things. He takes the campstool, and Irena carries her artist's portfolio.  The start toward the avenue together. CLOSE SHOT of the torn drawing as a little wind, carrying with it some autumn leaves, picks up the paper again and blows it over and over up the promenade.  The torn half o the drawing falls over into place, so we see what Irena h been drawing. It is a smart fashion sketch of the type se in Vogue or Harper's Bazaar, but the face of the model is blunt mask of a black panther, and the hands protruding f the sleeves are tipped with feline talons.  The CAMERA HO on the drawing.
1) 0) text: TWO SHOT of Irena and Oliver as they walk down a side str Irena is looking straight ahead of her, amused. Oliver is doing his best to get acquainted.
1) 1) dialog: Irena Dubrovna -- is that a Russian name?
1) 3) dialog: I see.  Would you mind spelling it?
1) 5) dialog: I'd like to write you a letter.
1) 7) dialog: I would say in this letter... "Dear Miss...Dubrovna," I would say, "will you have tea with me?"
1) 8) text: Irena shakes her head with a little smile.  Oliver is undaunted.
1) 9) dialog: Well, in that case, I'd just have to write you another letter, I'd say...
1) 10) text: But again, with the same teasing smile, she shakes her head.  She suddenly stops and TURNS to Oliver.
1) 12) text: Oliver starts to give her the campstool he is carrying, S lays a soft, gloved hand on his coat sleeve and smiles charmingly. 
1) 14) text: Oliver looks at her quizzically, realizing that she had m to ask him all the time, that he needn't have tried so ha to wangle a date. He grins.
1) 15) dialog: Oh, Miss Dubrovna, you make life so simple!
2) 2) dialog: I never cease to marvel at what lies behind a brownstone front.
3) 0) text: MED. SHOT.  Irena has inserted the key in the lock of her door.  She turns it, but before she opens the door, she l up at Oliver.
3) 1) dialog: What's the matter?
3) 3) dialog: But you looked at me in such a funny way.
3) 5) dialog: (seriously) Thank you.
3) 6) text: Irena swings the door wide open.  Through the doorway a little bit of the room can be seen.  Prominently displaye is an odd equestrian statuette.  It is the figure of a man in armor, carved out of gray stone.  The man wears a regal chaplet on his head and is mounted on a magnificent horse.  Around the base of the statue is a circle of flames, while the rider holds high above his head a sword upon which is impaled the figure o a writhing cat. Irena takes a step into the room and stan waiting for Oliver to follow her, then turns to look back at him. He has become aware of the perfume in the room. OLIVER (cont'd) Mm.  Nice.
3) 8) dialog: Lalage?
3) 10) dialog: Oh, I like it all right.  It's hard to describe...not like flowers...it's like something warm and living.
4) 0) text: MED. CLOSE SHOT of statuette. The figure is silhouetted against a window dim with twilight. As the CAMERA HOLDS o the statuette, a light appears in a bay window across the street, bringing the figures of horse, king, and cat into dramatic focus. Over the shot we hear Irena's voice hummi "Berceuses du Chat" by Stravinsky. The CAMERA PANS to show Irena and Oliver seated together couch near the window. Because of the dim light in the ro they can barely be seen. Oliver is listening to her sing. ends her song, and they sit quietly for a moment. Suddenl as sometimes happens, there is a lull in the traffic outs In this momentary stillness, this stillness in which a gr city seems to catch its breath, Oliver hears the sound of distant roaring, muffled and yet full of savage reverberation.
4) 1) dialog: (looking toward Irena) What's that?
4) 3) dialog: And you don't mind it?
4) 5) text: She looks out the window, then turns back to Oliver. IRENA (cont'd) Some nights there is another sound. The panther.  It screams... like a woman.  I don't like that.
4) 6) text: Oliver strikes a match to light his cigarette. He looks a Irena's face in the dancing match light.  She smiles at h IRENA (cont'd) I hadn't realized how dark it was getting.
4) 8) text: She turns on the lamp. Now, in the light, we see her apartment — a nicely proportioned living room with a fireplace set under a neat Georgian mantel. Doors at eith end of the room lead off into small bedrooms.   Behind a fantastic three-part screen on which is painted the long, sleek figure of a black leopard against a background of jungle foliage, is concealed the two-burner stove, tiny s and old-fashioned icebox which make up the kitchenette. the other corner, under the wide window, are a drawing bo and a desk, littered with crayons, brushes, bottles of discolored water, and papers.  On one side of the wall, i neat frames, hang three of Grandville's amusing studies o cats dressed as humans. Over the mantel hangs a beautiful reproduction of Goya's sinister portrait of Don Manuel Os do Zunlga and the cats.  In front of Oliver, on the coffe table, are the remnants of their tea.  Irena comes down t pick the tray up to take it into the kitchenette. Oliver starts to help her, but she stops him. IRENA (cont'd) No, no. Sit still, please.
4) 9) text: She begins to dump the ash trays and collect the saucers cups. Oliver smokes contentedly.  Irena carries the tray behind the screen.  Oliver snuffs out the cigarette and p the statue up, holding it for a moment in his hand. IRENA (cont'd) (coming out from behind screen; eagerly) Are you admiring my statue?
4) 10) dialog: (who does not like it at all) Not exactly. Who's it supposed to be?
4) 12) dialog: King John?  The Magna Carta and stuff?                                            
4) 14) dialog: But why have this around?
4) 16) dialog: (still unconvinced) Aren't there some better statues of him -- some without that cat thing?
4) 18) dialog: But what does it mean? Why is he spearing that cat?
4) 21) text: Oliver comes over beside her near the mantel.
4) 22) dialog: I still don't see what it has to do with you.
4) 25) text: She breaks off suddenly, conscious that she has spoken to much and too frankly. A little ormolu clock on the mantel strikes the hour.  It is six.  It is obvious that Irena welcomes the interruption and she glances down at her own wrist watch.  Oliver takes the hint.  He starts toward th door.
4) 26) dialog: (as he picks up his things) Boys who come to tea can't expect to stay to dinner.
5) 0) text: Irena has followed Oliver out and stands in the doorway Oliver turns to look at her.
5) 1) dialog: When am I going to see you again? Tomorrow?
5) 2) text: Irena nods with a smile, Oliver continues to the head of stairs and turns back. OLIVER (cont'd) What time tomorrow?
5) 3) text: Irena shrugs her shoulders. OLIVER (cont'd) Dinner?
5) 4) text: Irena nods and smiles at him. SHOT of stairway as Oliver comes down the stairs. He reac a landing, turns, and looks up,  Irena is looking down at from the bannister. They both smile. He continues down th stairs. At the very bottom he looks up again. Irena is st standing watching him. He smiles up at her and exits.
6) 0) text: WIDE VIEW. The Consolidated Ship and Barge Construction Company has a handsome drafting office. Severe and modern it is nevertheless a room that immediately suggests shipbuilding. A wide doorway opens in from the hall, in t f.g. are three draftsmen's tables, glass-topped and light from beneath. Behind them are several tables for other workers. There are a number of rows of filing cabinets, a at one side is a water cooler. The back wall of the offic is unadorned, wide, and slightly curving. At the moment, group of office workers are just starting to paste up the sectional plans of a ship, entitled "PROJECT NO. 457," on this wall. The ship's bow can be seen taking form in detailed constructional profile.  Two of the three draftsmen's tables in the f.g. are now occupied. Oliver sits working at one of them. The center one is unoccupied. At the other one, a tall, lean Englishman works. This is James Carver. At the back wall, Alice Moore is supervising two workers, who are doi the actual pasting. She holds in her hands a small sheet paper with the detailed mathematical measurements of the project, Beside her, Commodore Judson, head of the Consolidated Sh and Barge Construction Company, stands watching the begin of the project with genuine delight. He is a bald, bearde gentleman and would look like an amiable tramp rather tha the head of a successful shipbuilding company, if it were for the seamanlike neatness of his clothes.
6) 5) text: Alice turns and goes to the desk between Oliver and Jim Carver.  She picks up a sheet of paper from the desk and just about to return to the wall, when she is stopped by the sound of a cat's mewing. She listens. The mew is repeated. Carver raises his head and also listens. Alice takes a look at the floor under and around her desk,  Oliver is still bending over his work, Alice looks suspiciously and questioningly at Carver, Carver replies throwing his hands out to show that he doesn't know,and then pointing to himself and shaking his head to announce that the mew is not coming from him. The mewing continues during this, which is one reason Carver and Alice do not speak. They are listening. Alice and Carver both turn and look at Oliver, He knows very well that they are looking him, and his pose is one of elaborate innocence. There is light cardboard box on his desk. The CAMERA FOCUSES on it as the lid of the box rises, and the head of a very small Siamese kitten pokes out, Alice hurries to Oliver's desk, uttering a cross between a coo and a cry of pleased surprise. ALICE (cont'd) A-a-ah!
6) 7) dialog: Bought it.
6) 10) dialog: No, Commodore, I just got it for a friend.
6) 15) dialog: (almost as if correcting her)  A girl.
6) 17) text: Oliver takes the kitten and puts it back into the box. It makes vain efforts to scramble out past his restraining hand,
6) 18) dialog: Not yet, but I know you'll like her.
7) 0) text: MED. SHOT.  Oliver, with the boxed kitten under one arm, ringing the bell to Irena's apartment. After a moment, sh opens the door. She is wearing a paint-stained smock and obviously boon interrupted in her work. She smiles at Oli and he bends down to put the box on the floor.
7) 1) dialog: Look, Irena.  I brought you a present.
7) 2) text: He takes the kitten out of the box and sets it on the flo Irena stoops down beside it. Seeing her, the kitten draws back, arching itself. Oliver, puzzled, looks from the cat Irena. She leans forward, smiling, trying to coax the kit to come to her. The kitten snarls and spits viciously at Oliver scoops it up in his hands. OLIVER (cont'd) Why, you little devil!
7) 4) dialog: But this is only a kitten. It's very friendly. When I had it in the office, Alice — the girl who works in our department — it played with her.
7) 6) text: Oliver has stuffed the kitten back into its box and put t lid over it. He is obviously disappointed. Irena puts her hand on Oliver's arm. IRENA (cont'd) (Brightly) I know what we can do. You got it at a pet store, didn't you?
7) 7) dialog: Yes.
8) 0) text: All is tranquil in Miss Plunkett's Pet Shoppe. Outside it is raining, a soft autumn rain. Miss Plunkett sits noddin Most of the birds and animals are sleeping. Above Miss Plunkett, in a circular stand, a brilliant macaw swings. looks very much like Miss Plunkett, and, like her, is peacefully nodding in sleep. A little bell tinkles, and there is the sound of the door opening and closing. Miss Plunkett sleeps right on. We see that Irena and Oliver ha entered the shop. Immediately there is a transformation. The birds begin to call back and forth to one another, their calls growing excited, shrill. The monkeys, awakene clamber excitedly in their cages, whimpering and chatteri madly. The puppies begin to bark, the cats to meow.  In a moment the sound has grown to sheer cacophony. The macaw, too, has awakened, and is screeching its head off. Miss Plunkett snaps out of her stolen rest and looks about her blinking curiously. Her lips form the words of amazement, "Landie, dearie me!" but there is so much noise now that nothing she says can be heard.  She looks up to see what may have startled the animals into such noisy activity; MED. SHOT of Irena and Oliver, as they stand, perplexed b all the commotion.  Oliver is closing an umbrella. Miss Plunkett comes into the scene.  She tries to yell to the animals to bo quiet.  The noise is too much for her.  Oli tries to explain to Miss Plunkett that he wants to exchan the kitten, which he holds in the box in his hands, for a canary, but he cannot make himself heard.  She only shake her head and tries to say something at which Oliver shake his head.  Irena touches Oliver's arm, indicating that it might bo better to go outside.  Oliver points outdoors to Miss Plunkett.  She nods and follows them out onto the street.
9) 3) dialog: All I want is to exchange this kitten for a bird.
9) 7) dialog: (handing Irena the umbrella) Of course.  I'll only bo a minute.
10) 0) text: Oliver and Miss Plunkett return inside the shop, Miss Plunkett talking all the while.
10) 2) text: Oliver takes the bird and holds it up for Irena to see. Irena, standing outside the window, looking in, nods her head eagerly. Oliver turns back to Miss Plunkett
10) 3) dialog: This is it.
11) 0) text: MED. SHOT of Irena. The little bell tinkles over the door Oliver comes out with the bird in a small wooden cage. He comes over to Irena. She exchanges the umbrella for the b cage.
11) 1) dialog: (giving her the cage) What do you think of it?
11) 4) text: Oliver takes her by the arm and smiles at her.
11) 5) dialog: That ought to be easy. Really easy.
12) 0) text: MED. SHOT. In the b.g. the ship plans on the wall can be seen. They are complete now as far back as the flying bri Obviously some time has elapsed. Oliver and Alice are sitting back to back, both of them d particularly exacting pieces of mathematical measuring. Oliver raises up to call out:
12) 1) dialog: Slide rule.
12) 2) text: Alice makes no motion. He turns to her more definitely, calling out again, louder this time: OLIVER (CONT'D) (cont'd) Let me borrow your slide rule, will you?
12) 3) text: But Alice is in the midst of a difficult problem, and she goes on with it.  Oliver turns around to her, places one around her, and whispers in her ear after the fashion of Charles Boyer. OLIVER (CONT'D) (cont'd) Mademoiselle, you are so beautiful  - so charming. So gracious a lady will surely pass me her slide rule, no?
12) 6) text: She goes over to the water cooler.  Oliver follows her, Alice looks up to see Jim Carver approaching. ALICE (cont'd) Look who's coming.
12) 7) text: Oliver winks at her,  Jim reaches the two at the water cooler. Alice has a paper cup full of water in one hand. She takes out a coin with the other hand. ALICE (cont'd) Doc, I'll bet there's one thing you can't do.. 
12) 13) text: Everyone ad libs enthusiastic acceptance except Oliver. Carver, forgetting the paper clips, joins in and moves a little more than he should; a deluge of clips falls aroun his ankles. The Commodore looks at him, then back to Oliver. COMMODORE (cont'd) Don't you want to go, Ollie?
12) 14) dialog: The fact is, sir, I've got an engagement for Sunday.
12) 20) dialog: As a matter of fact, Alice, I was going to take you around next Sunday, but since the Commodore...
13) 0) text: Alice, Irena, and Oliver are walking Into the room.  It i obvious that Alice and Oliver have just arrived and been at the door by Irena.  She has her free arm linked throug Alice's.
13) 12) dialog: I think it's right clever. How about my mixing a cocktail?
13) 14) text: She hurries off behind the screen.  Alice looks up at Oliver,  He is beaming with pride.  She smiles at him, holding up her finger, ring-joined, in a little gesture o silent approval.  The canary beings to sing.  Alice rises and goes over to the canary's cage. Oliver joins her besi the cage.
13) 15) dialog: This is what the kitten turned into.
13) 17) text: The bird suddenly stops singing.  Alice and Oliver look a one another.
13) 27) text: Oliver bends down, gets the glasses, and hands them aroun Just as they lift their glasses, the eerie scream of the panther sounds.  Oliver and Alice look up. IRENA (cont'd) It's the panther --
13) 28) dialog: (lifting his glass) Here's luck to all of us...May we always be in better voice than that.
14) 0) text: CLOSE SHOT of the panther screen, glowing In bright firelight.  Over this shot comes the melody of "Berceuses Chat." CAMERA DRAWS BACK to Include CLOSE SHOT of Irena near the phonograph as she turns down the music so that it Is only background music. She is wearing an attractive hostess go She goes over to the sofa where Oliver is stretched out a sits beside him. Irena's fingers begin to stroke his brow regularly. She smiles down at him.
14) 2) dialog: Much better.  Those under-lit tables we work at...we had to use them all day today... they give a man a rotten headache.
14) 4) dialog: I suppose so, but she never lets anything bother her.  She says the best cure for anything is swimming. (his voice begins to get sleepy) She only lives at that women's club because there's a pool there.
14) 5) text: Irena continues to caress his brow. His head sinks down i the pillows. He closes his eyes. An outside sound distrac Irena, and she looks up. CLOSE SHOT of the window from Irena's viewpoint.  It has begun to rain, and a blast of wind has spangled the windo with raindrops. CLOSE SHOT of Irena as she smiles contentedly and looks d at Oliver.  He has fallen asleep and is breathing easily. moves gently, and one hand extends over the edge of the s Irena lets herself slide from the sofa to the floor.  She nestles against the sofa, cuddles her cheek against the b of Oliver's outstretched hand, and rubs her face back and forth, almost like a cat that pets itself against its master's hand.  Her eyes look toward the dancing flames i the fireplace.
15) 0) text: SHOT of the fire.  The flames have burned down.  There ar only glowing coals on the hearth.  The room is almost dar The music has stopped. The CAMERA MOVES from the fire to Irena, as she still sit the floor with her cheek against Oliver's hand, Oliver st slightly and opens his eyes.  Irena does not move.  Olive looks at her.
15) 1) dialog: Irena
15) 3) dialog: I've been asleep.
15) 5) dialog: It  couldn't have been very entertaining for you. 
15) 7) dialog: And that was fun?
15) 8) text: Irena makes a little purring murmur of assent.  There is pause then Oliver speaks softly. OLIVER (cont'd) Do you love me, Irena?
15) 9) text: Again the little murmur of ascent. OLIVER (cont'd) I thought so. And you know that I love you, don't you?
15) 10) text: Again the little, happy, thrilling murmur from the darkness.  Oliver puts his hand on her shoulder. OLIVER (cont'd) I've never kissed you. (pauses) You know, that's funny,
15) 13) dialog: When people in America know each other as well as we do — when they're in love — or oven think they're in love, they've usually kissed long ago.
15) 14) text: Irena slips further away from him into the shadows.  He l toward her. OLIVER (cont'd) Well...?
15) 17) dialog: (sitting up, alarmed by her intensity) For heaven's sake, Irena, what's wrong?
15) 18) text: Without answering, Irena suddenly lays her cheek against knee and beings to sob. Perplexed, Oliver looks down at h and puts a hand on her head.  She turns her head but does look at him.  Her voice has a wild, strained quality, ech some strange agony.
15) 20) dialog: But you just told me you loved me.
15) 22) text: Oliver puts his hands under her elbows and tries to draw up to him.
15) 23) dialog: Then there's only one thing to do.  Come up here and be kissed.
15) 25) text: She breaks out again, sobbing. He looks down at her, worr Her sobs lessen, and Oliver begins to speak very quietly, very calmly.
15) 26) dialog: Irena, you've told me something of the past...of King John, and the witches in the village, and the cat people who are descended from them.  Fairy tales, Irena, fairy tales you heard in childhood...nothing more than that.  They've nothing to do with you, really. You're Irena...you're here In America...you're so normal you're even in love with me...Oliver Reed...a good, plain Americano.
15) 27) text: He tries to raise her again, to kiss her, but she eludes and cuddles down by his feet, pressing her cheek against knee.  She has stopped crying. OLIVER (cont'd) Yes, you're so normal that you're going to marry me, Irena, And those fairy tales of yours, you can tell them to our children... for them...hundreds of kittens to amuse them...
15) 28) text: Irena utters a little murmur of happiness and delight. Oliver bends over, and kisses her hair softly.. Over the sound of the rain and wind comes the coughing roar of lions in the park.
15) 43) text: Everybody toasts Irena.  Oliver looks down at her, proud happy. CLOSEUP of the Cat Woman, as she looks straight at Irena. MED. SHOT of the wedding party.  As the Commodore is sitt down, he sees the Cat Woman. He turns to Jim Carver. COMMODORE (cont'd) Look at that woman.  Isn't she something.
15) 53) text: WO SHOT - Oliver and Irena.  Irena is looking white and shaken.  Oliver takes her hand.
15) 54) dialog: What did that woman say to you?
15) 55) text: Irena looks up at him with frightened eyes, OLIVER (cont'd) What did she say, darling?
15) 57) dialog: Wait a minute.  It can't be that serious...just one single word --
15) 59) dialog: (laughing) Oh, the cat people ... she's one of the cat people.  She looks like a cat, and so she must be one of the cat people...one of King John's pets.  (tweaks her chin playfully) Irena, you crazy kid!
15) 60) text: Irena looks at him from her throat sobs of hysterical laughter break OLIVER (cont'd) Look...you're laughing.  You can see how funny it is yourself.
15) 61) text: And it is true.  Irena is laughing with him, but hers is forced, flat laughter of near hysteria. The CAMERA MOVES IN so that we see that it is hysteria, whereas Oliver, seated beside her, feels sure it Is norma laughter joined with his.
16) 0) text: A cab draws up before Irena's apartment house.  In it are Oliver, Irena, the Commodore, and Carver.  It is still snowing lightly.  Carver is the first out, extricating himself from the jump seat.  He helps Irena out, and Oliv follows her.
16) 5) text: No one laughs.  It hasn't bean a funny joke.  Then Irena, begins to laugh.  She laughs hysterically.  Oliver locks her worried.  Carver is very pleased, because he thinks h has been funny.  The Commodore reaches out from the cab a taps him on the shoulder.
16) 7) text: Carver climbs into the cab, and it drives off. TWO SHOT of Irena and Oliver on the sidewalk.  The soft s falls on their shoulders.  For the first time they are al together, and Irena's problems have to be discussed.
16) 8) dialog: What is it, darling?
16) 11) text: She breaks off, unable to speak.  They stand there a mome Oliver is looking at her.  He wants to help her; he wants know the way of her thoughts.
16) 12) dialog: (encouragingly; softly) Mrs. Reed.
16) 15) dialog: You are, Irena.
16) 17) dialog: There's no sense in what you're saying, darling. You're excited. That woman in the restaurant upset you.
16) 19) text: Oliver looks at her quietly for a moment.
16) 20) dialog: Darling, you can have all the time there is In the world, If you want it, and all the patience and the kindness there's in me. You didn't have to ask for that.
18) 0) text: Oliver, still wearing street clothes, stands  at  the doo Irena's bedroom. He  taps  lightly on the door.
18) 1) dialog: (softly) Good night, Irena,
20) 0) text: Oliver  stands waiting.
24) 0) text: Irena is standing looking out the window.  Oliver is open the little cabinet which they use for a bar.  He half tur and calls over his shoulder to her.
24) 1) dialog: Would you like some sherry?
24) 2) text: Irena doesn't answer.  Oliver fills two glasses with sher and brings them over to her.  He offers her one. OLIVER (CONT'D) (cont'd) Here. If you're determined to mourn that bird...we'11 have a regular wake...
24) 4) text: Oliver puts a glass Into her hands and stands beside her. takes a little sip of the wine and stares into the glass, thoughtfully. IRENA (cont'd) It's me.  I envy every woman I see on the street.
24) 5) dialog: They can't match your little finger.
24) 7) dialog: It died.
24) 9) dialog: All right.  The bird was afraid of you -- that's nothing.  I had a rabbit once that hated me; yet I grew up to be quite a nice fellow.
24) 11) text: Oliver looks at her for a moment then, speaks quietly, no longer mocking her.
24) 12) dialog: I've been trying to kid you out of it. Maybe that's wrong. I've tried...
24) 14) dialog: I've tried to make you realize all these stories that worry you are so much nonsense. Now I see it's not the stories... it's the fact that you believe them. We've got to have help, Irena.
24) 15) text: Irena half turns. The statuette of King John is on the ta before her. She lets one hand rest for a minute on the ba of the figure.  Oliver follows the direction of her gaze he shakes his head. OLIVER (cont'd) Not that sort of help.  There's something wrong, and we have to face it in an intelligent way. We don't need a King John with fire and sword.  We need someone who can root out the reason for your belief and cure it. That's what we need — a psychiatrist.
28) 0) text: CLOSE SHOT of Irena as she reaches the top of the stairs goes down the hallway to her door, still humming the song Joyously she swings open the door of the apartment* CLOSEUP of Irena as she sees something inside, REVERSE SHOT. Through the door can be seen Oliver and Ali seated together on the sofa. Oliver-is just bending over light Alice's cigarette. They turn and look as Irena ente and closes the door. Irena, Alice and Oliver.
28) 5) text: Instantly Irena's mood changes.    She  looks at Alice, puzzled and a little hurt  to think that Oliver has spoke of her visit to the psychiatrist.    Oliver catches Irena look.
28) 6) dialog: (quickly) Alice knows, darling.
28) 8) text: Oliver is looking very embarrassed.    Irena is both star and angry now.    Alice looks at both of them and catches ALICE (cont'd) Uh-oh!
28) 9) dialog: (to Irena) I told Alice; I knew she'd know some good doctor.
28) 11) text: Her manner is very cold.  She gives them both a long look and walks away to stand by the window, gazing out, with h back toward them. Alice looks guiltily at Oliver, shrugs her shoulders, and picks up her hat and coat from a near- chair.
28) 13) text: She lets Oliver help her on with her coat, and, with her still in her hand, she goes over to the door. Pausing, sh calls out to Irena. ALICE (cont'd) Sorry, Irena.  I'm sure neither I nor Oliver had any notion of offending you.  I'm dreadfully sorry.
28) 15) text: With another-guilty look at Oliver, Alice closes the door behind her. The moment the door clicks shut, Irena turns face Oliver.  She is furious, hurt, offended. Oliver trie make nice with her.
28) 16) dialog: Darling, really, there's no reason....
28) 18) dialog: (good-naturedly)  You can tell Alice anything. She's such a good egg, she can understand anything.
28) 20) text: She crosses the room, goes into the bedroom, and closes t door firmly behind her.  Oliver is honestly perplexed. He looks after her ruefully.
31) 0) text: Oliver is sound asleep In his bed.  He sleeps quietly.
32) 0) text: Irena closes the door to Oliver's bedroom softly, and tip to the main door, snapping the night latch back, and quie letting herself out.
32) 7) dialog: I woke up.  You were gone, What's wrong, darling?
32) 9) text: They continue up the stairs together, the CAMERA HOLDING them.  As they reach a landing, Oliver stops.
32) 10) dialog: Where'd you go?
32) 12) text: There is a brief pause.  Oliver reaches out and takes her hand.
32) 13) dialog: I'm sorry about this afternoon. I just didn't think.
32) 15) dialog: I'd turn handsprings, darling... I'd dance In the streets...to make you happy.
33) 0) text: TWO SHOT of Oliver and Alice. They are at a plotting tabl Oliver is holding a slide rule in his hand, and is callin out numbers as she moves the batten. He looks at the numb on the hairline, and calls It off to Alice.
33) 1) dialog: Toward the sheer line...sixty-two degrees --
33) 2) text: Alice moves the batten with which she is plotting the cur of a bulkhead to the measurement Oliver has given her.  I takes a sharp, awkward bend.  She looks up at Oliver and points at the batten.
33) 4) text: Oliver looks at the batten, grins ruefully and apologizes
33) 5) dialog: I'm sorry. Must have given you the wrong figure.  Let me try again.
33) 8) dialog: Getting careless in my old ago.
33) 10) dialog: No.
33) 13) dialog: In a way, it is. I'm worried about Irena.
33) 15) dialog: That's what I thought. But I bumped Into  Judd this  morning, and  she hasn't been there since the first visit.
33) 17) dialog: Apparently not.
33) 20) dialog: (thoughtfully, simply) You know...it's a funny thing... I've never been unhappy before. Things  have always gone swell for me.  I had a grand time as a kid...lots of fun at school... at the office here with you, and the Commodore, and Doc. That's why I don't know what to do about all this. I've just never been unhappy.
33) 21) text: Alice looks at him. Suddenly she begins to cry. Oliver lo at her in astonishment, takes a quick glance to see that other workers in the office have not noticed, and quickly leads her around behind the filing cabinets. OLIVER (cont'd) (drawing out the word) Hey -- (pulling out his handkerchief) Wait a minute!
33) 23) dialog: (a pause) I didn't' know it.
33) 25) text: They  stand looking  at each other.  Alice gives a final to her nose, hands the handkerchief back to Oliver, and manages a grin. ALICE (cont'd) Forgot it.  There's Irena... you're in love with her.
33) 26) dialog: (puzzled) I don't know.  All this trouble has made me think -- I don't know what love really is.  I don't oven know whether I'm in love with Irena.
33) 29) text: Oliver looks over at the water bubbles rising in the cool He looks intently at them, almost as if counting them as rise, burbling to the surface. He speaks without looking Alice, his eyes on the bubbles rising in the water cooler
33) 30) dialog: I don't feel that way about Irena.  It's a different feeling.  I'm drawn to her. There's a warmth from her that pulls at me...I have to watch her when she's in the room. I have to touch her when she's near.  But I don't really know her.  In many ways were strangers.
34) 0) text: Irena is in the window alcove, busily engaged in washing paint brushes.  She twirls them between her palms to get water out of them.  Oliver is in his easy chair. He holds magazine in his hands, but he is not reading. Suddenly he puts the magazine down.
34) 1) dialog: Irena.
34) 2) text: Irena turns toward him, but continues to twirl the brush she has In her hands. OLIVER (cont'd) (rising and coming toward her) Irena, I'm worried. What's happening to us?
34) 5) dialog: I  know  -- but people can love, and people can still drift  apart. And that's what I feel is happening to us.    We don't talk together openly — you are  not  frank with me...
34) 7) dialog: I ran into Dr. Judd today.
34) 8) text: Irena looks at him and then down at the brush in her hand OLIVER (cont'd) You haven't been back to see him.
34) 10) dialog: You won't lot him help you. You won't let me help you. You won't even help yourself. It's what I said to Alice this afternoon —
34) 11) text: At the mention of Alice, Irena has repeated the name soft furiously, the while a look of concentrated fury has come her face.  The rest of Oliver's speech has been lost to h through her own anger. OLIVER (cont'd) You're content to go on as we are.
34) 13) text: Oliver looks at her. He sees her anger, realizes that she just about to burst forth savagely. He makes a gesture of resignation.
34) 14) dialog: (restraining himself) I promised you we'd never quarrel. Let's calm down a bit.  (starts toward the door) I'll go down to the office — I've got some work to do.
35) 0) text: Oliver comes up in front of the office building that hous the Consolidated Ship and Barge Construction Company.  A plaque on an entrance cornerstone bears the name of the company.  There has been snow, followed by thaw, so that streets are wet. Oliver stands on the wet street, watchin the revolving door slowly move around with abrupt jerks. one, however, is in any of the door compartments.  Then a the door comes around, we see that in one of the compartments, on her hands and knees, scrubbing the floor a thin charwoman, Mrs. Agnew, her blowsy hair falling dow over her face. As she gets around in front of Oliver, she looks up, brushing the hair out of her eyes. A lighted cigarette, with a long ash dangles from one corner of her mouth.  She picks up her bucket and scrubbing brush and starts to move out of Oliver's way.
35) 2) dialog: No, I think I'll go around the corner to Sally Lunn's and get a cup of coffee before I got to work. (starting off down the street) I'll be back.
36) 0) text: Oliver comes into the tearoom.  It is a typical quaint tearoom of the type seen in Manhattan side streets. A Neg waitress, Minnie, dressed in a stylized soubrette costume (something like the kind worn by the Brown Derby waitress turns around as Oliver enters.
36) 2) dialog: No, thanks, Minnie.  How about some apple pie and a cup of coffee?
42) 0) text: Alice enters the tearoom and stands beside Oliver. She signals to Minnie.
42) 2) dialog: (turns and sees Alice) Hello !
42) 4) text: Alice smiles at Oliver as she sits down beside him.
42) 6) text: Oliver shrugs his shoulders.  Alice nods. ALICE (cont'd) Hmmm.  Stormy weather.
44) 0) text: Alice and Oliver have finished drinking their coffee. She looking very seriously at him.
44) 2) dialog: (leaning over and patting her hand) You're very swell.
45) 0) text: As SHOT through the plate glass window of the florist sho with a grouping of tiger lilies in the f.g. Irena stands an alcove-entrance, watching Oliver and Alice as they go TWO SHOT - Oliver and Alice.  Alice stops, shivers, and d the collar of her coat higher. Oliver turns to her.
45) 1) dialog: Cold?
46) 0) text: Alice and Oliver pause at the entrance to the transverse, which stretches away from them, Its darkness punctuated w pools of widely spaced street lights.  Alice looks up the street and turns to Oliver.
46) 1) dialog: Don't you want me to walk you home?
46) 3) dialog: Well, good night.
46) 5) text: They shake hands.  Oliver turns and starts off across the street, Alice waves good night to him as he reaches the o side; then she draws a deep breath of the cold, crisp nig air, and turning, starts toward the transverse walk.
57) 0) text: Oliver is pacing the floor.  The room lights are on full. is smoking a cigarette nervously.  There is the sound of door being opened.  Oliver turns around. Irena has let herself In.  She closes the door behind her leans up against it.  She is blinking in the glare of the light,  She looks ghastly, white, and drawn, her shoes an stockings are wet, muddied, torn.  She has lost her hat, her hair is in wild disorder.  In her hand she is crumpli and re-crumpling a soiled lace handkerchief. TWO SHOT of Irena and Oliver.  Irena's exhaustion is so g that she looks as if she were about to collapse. Oliver j quickly to her side, putting his arm around her waist to support her.  She draws away from him,
57) 1) dialog: Are you all right?
57) 3) dialog: (weakly) All right.
57) 4) text: Oliver hesitates and looks at her with sympathy. OLIVER (cont'd) Look, Irena, I'm sorry. I've been worried to death.  I didn't know where you were. I thought..
57) 5) text: There is a pause. She turns away from him. OLIVER (cont'd) These things...what happened tonight...happen in every family. I was all on edge.  You've got to understand, and you've got to forgive me.
57) 8) text: She stumbles.  Oliver tries to help her, but she eludes h hand and slips into her room.  Oliver stands at the close door.
59) 0) text: Oliver stands at the door to Irena's room.
59) 1) dialog: Irena? Irena?
59) 3) text: Oliver Is worried. INT. IRENA'S BATHROOM - NIGHT . CLOSEUP of the base of an old-fashioned bathtub that has floor supports of ornamental balls with tiger claws exten down over the tops. Over the scene comes the broken sobbi of Irena. CAMERA MOVES UP, and we see Irena In the tub. She sits ve still in the still water, but her glistening shoulders sh as she tries to control the storm of her hysteria.
61) 0) text: CLOSEUP of a grinning cat's face which adorns the bowhead the end of the timber projecting at right angles from the of a model ship. CAMERA DRAWS BACK for CLOSE SHOT of Irena looking at the model. It is the "Royal Harry,11 progenitor of the mighty British fleet. But what obviously holds Irena's interest the cat's face. She is fascinated. THREE SHOT - Alice and Oliver in the f.g.and Irena in the b.g. Alice and Oliver are engrossed in their examination frame model of the privateer, "Swallow". They move over t the next, model, which brings them beside Irena. Alice st and looks at Oliver.
61) 2) text: Irena, aroused from her absorption in the quaint cat face the "Royal Harry," comes to herself with a start. Oliver takes her elbow.
61) 3) dialog: Look, darling, there are some beautiful moderns upstairs. Why don't you take a look at them?
61) 5) dialog: (gently and lightly) We're not sending you away.  We just don't want you to be bored.
61) 6) text: Irena looks at him.  Her mood changes, as she feels that perhaps they do want to be rid of her.  She walks off. OLIVER (cont'd) (calling after her) We'll meet you in the main lobby in an hour.
64) 0) text: As SHOT from the lobby, from Irena's VIEWPOINT, with the bronze statue of the puma and the horse in the f.g. We can see Alice and Oliver within the exhibit room, with their backs turned, closely Inspecting a ship model.
65) 0) text: SHOOTING through the intricacies of the puma-and-horse statue at Irena, who looks a moment at Alice and Oliver, then turns, and walks out of the building.
66) 0) text: A cab drives up in front of the hotel and Alice gets out. She waves good-bye to Oliver, and the cab drives off with him.  She turns and enters the hotel. The streets are sti wet.  Just as Alice is passing through the door, another cab drives up.  Irena gets out.  She pays the driver, and the cab moves off.  Irena stands for a moment irresolutel under the marquee.
76) 0) text: Alice stands for a moment before the telephone. In back o her, Oliver can be seen working at the desk. She turns, h looks at him a moment, and then, picking up the phone, st to dial.
78) 3) text: Alice pauses for a moment, looking over at Oliver. Then s turns back to the phone, and the blunt truth comes boldly from her lips.
80) 2) text: She hangs up and turns around, looking at Oliver, draws a deep breath and starts back to her desk.
83) 0) text: Oliver and Irena are sitting at a little table drawn up before the fireplace. They have finished dinner. Only the empty dessert plates and the empty demitasse cups remain. fire is burning bright, but low. Above the mantle is an e space. The Goya has been removed. Later, as the CAMERA SHIFTS, we will notice that the Grandville drawings and t panther screen have also been taken away. Oliver is looki down at his empty coffee cup, lost in thought. Irena is watching him.
83) 2) text: Oliver does not look up. IRENA (cont'd) I've been to Dr. Judd.
83) 3) text: Oliver looks up Irena looks first at him, then at the emp space where the Goya had hung. He follows her gaze and notices that it is no longer there. They look at each oth IRENA (cont'd) I am no longer afraid.
83) 4) text: Oliver looks at her very thoughtfully; then he rises and starts around the table toward her. She rises expectantly almost as if preparing herself for his kiss. She stands smiling. A step away from her he stops.
83) 5) dialog: Listen, Irena -- I had hoped - things have changed.
83) 6) text: Irena still smiles at him, but there is more inquiry than invitation in her smile. Oliver finds the words he wants say and says them with blunt simplicity. OLIVER (cont'd) I don't love you, Irena.  I love Alice. I've always loved her, but I didn't know it.  I had to learn maybe through this marriage of ours -- what love was.  I didn't want to tell you this. But now, you see, I have to.  It's too late.
83) 7) text: CLOSEUP of Irena. Oliver's words. She has tears in her eyes as she echoes
83) 9) text: Irena and Oliver.
83) 10) dialog: It's no one's fault...neither yours, nor mine.  I'm sorry we've caused each other unhappiness...
83) 12) text: She sinks down on the edge of the sofa.  Oliver faces her is obvious that he is trying to be very practical and mat of-fact. He takes this attitude from a sense of kindness.
83) 13) dialog: There seems only one decent thing for me to do -- I'll give you a divorce. Believe me, it is better this way.
83) 15) text: CLOSE SHOT of Oliver. Her words have affected him greatly He tries to say something but Is struck by the futility o anything he can say and does not speak. (Note to director If necessary to get over this thought, you might lot him start and swallow the word "Irena" as if he were going to more.) Irena. She looks at him. As she looks, her mood changes; anger comes to her face and it is almost as if with this flood of anger, her grasp on reality and sanity relaxed. Although her voice lowers, it gains in intensity.  (Note director:  There are a great many "s" sounds in the follo speech and, if possible, they should be emphasized so tha can almost hear the spitting of a cat in her voice. The w between should be held in low key. The facial expression tense and presages the immobility of her face in the comi scene with Judd.) IRENA (cont'd) Speak.    You can't speak --   there's nothing  you can say.     There's  only silence.    But  I love silence —  I love loneliness   -
83) 16) text: Irena and  Oliver.     He kneels down beside her alarmed her  tone and very concerned.     Irena turns  away from hiding her face In the back of the sofa.     Her two hand rest on the back,  stiffly,  claw-like. IRENA (cont'd) (in the same low voice but growing more incoherent as she goes on) I don't care.  I am not a woman. I can feel fierce pleasures a woman never knows.
83) 18) text: Oliver bends close to her and shakes her shoulder.
83) 19) dialog: Irena — you're talking, like an insane woman.
83) 22) text: Oliver looks at her, concerned, reluctant. IRENA (cont'd) I want you to go — go — please, go.
83) 23) text: Oliver gets up hesitantly and goes toward the door. He lo back, sees her tensely quiet on the sofa, picks up his ha and coat, looks again, his face showing worry and concern Finally he leaves, closing the door softly behind him. Irena's two hands rip downward, the nails slashing the th fabric of the sofa covering. Oliver is dialing a number. There is a tense look of urge on his face. He gets a response.
83) 24) dialog: Dr. Louis Judd, please.
84) 3) text: Oliver indicates Alice's place. MINNIE (cont'd) Roquefort?
84) 4) text: Oliver indicates Dr. Judd. MINNIE (cont'd) And you get the apple.
84) 9) text: He looks first into Oliver's face and then into Alice's. JUDD (cont'd) As your friend, however, I have much more reasonable advice to offer. I think you should have your marriage annulled. In this way you are free of responsibility. You two could marry.
84) 12) dialog: If she's not well, I am going to take care of her.
84) 15) text: Oliver and Alice nod agreement.
85) 0) text: The ormolu clock on the mantel indicates that it Is now 7 It rings, the half hour. The apartment is as we first saw all the pictures are back; the screen is up. Alice has ju taken a record off the phonograph. Now she puts on anothe one. It is the Berceuse. Oliver stops the machine and tak off the record with an apologetic smile.
85) 1) dialog: Let's not play that. (looking at his watch) I don't think Irena's coming. We've waited an hour and a half. I don't think she Intends to come. She's probably walking in the park.
85) 4) text: He looks at his walking stick. INSERT     JUDD'S WALKING STICK resting on the sofa. BACK TO SCENE.  Judd smiles and quietly pushes the stick under the cushions. WO SHOT - Oliver and Alice.
85) 6) dialog: Suits me.
86) 0) text: Alice and Oliver have just started down the stairs. Dr. Judd pauses to strike his forehead with his gloved fingertips.
86) 2) dialog: I'll get it for you.
86) 4) text: Oliver gives Judd the key; Judd starts down the hall. SHOT of Judd, as he opens the door to Irena's apartment a goes in.
88) 0) text: Judd rejoins Oliver and Alice. He returns the key to Oliv
89) 0) text: Alice and Oliver have turned on the light in the office. Oliver is sitting down at the desk, a thoughtful look on face. Alice has taken off her coat, and is just removing hat. As she pats her hair into shape, she gets a look at Oliver's face. She comes over to him and touches his arm.
89) 4) dialog: Let's get to work.
89) 5) text: He picks up a list of measurements and starts reading the out. OLIVER (cont'd) Three and a quarter.,.
90) 0) text: Oliver has reached the end of the list, the last number. He calls out
90) 1) dialog: And one and three eighths!
90) 3) text: She smiles at Oliver, who returns her smile, the telephon rings.  Alice reaches for it. ALICE (cont'd) I'll get it. (lifts the receiver) Hello. (there Is no response; she repeats) Hello...hello!
90) 4) text: From the other end of the line there is a little click as receiver is hung up.  Alice looks at Oliver. ALICE (cont'd) They hung up.
90) 6) dialog: What?
90) 8) dialog: What is it, Alice?
90) 11) text: Oliver looks at her grimly and reaches for his hat and co
90) 12) dialog: Your things.
90) 13) text: She quickly gets into her coat and hat and picks up her pocketbook.  Oliver puts his hand on the light switch. OLIVER (cont'd) I'll have to turn out the lights from here.
90) 14) text: Alice looks ahead. SHOT of the door into the hall, from Alice's viewpoint. door is open, and one can see out into the dimly lit hall TWO SHOT of Alice and Oliver.  She takes his arm.
90) 16) dialog: I'll switch off the table lights as we go.
90) 17) text: Oliver turns out the light, and together they start towar the door, the CAMERA MOVING with them.  Oliver turns out under-lit table lights.  Halfway across the room Alice st her fingers clenching in Oliver's sleeve.  There is n sof metallic click as of a door closing.  They look In the direction of the sound. SHOT of the door.  It is closed. TWO SHOT - Alice and Oliver.
90) 19) text: They go to the door,  Oliver reaches out and turns the kn then he turns to look at Alice.
90) 20) dialog: It's locked.
90) 21) text: Alice seizes his arm.  In the darkness, to one side of th there Is a sound like a snarl.  Instinctively Oliver and Alice step backward, away from the sound in the dark. The CAMERA MOVES with them.  They bump into a desk, grope their way around It. From the darkness following them, there is a whisper of light, padded feet — a delicate tick, tick of claws the floor.  Alice bumps Into the glassy coldness of the w cooler, gasps in fright, arid pushes it away from her. Th is a crash, the sound, of glass breaking, and then the throaty gurgle of water spilling out onto the floor.   It is silent then.  Alice and Oliver are creeping back do between a row of filing cabinets.  Now there comes again, pursuing them, the whispering tread of soft paws. Alice a Oliver are against the further wall now. Alice is pushed behind Oliver, her back against the wall. Panic-stricken, she begins to whimper with restrained hysteria.  Her nerv are cracking up. Oliver tightens his hold on her wrist. cold sweat breaks out on his forehead.  He reaches in his pocket, and pulls out a book of matches.  He lights one.  It throws a faint glow around them.  Shadows flicker acro their faces.  Behind them the match light dimly reveals t letters "Project No. 457." They peer into the darkness. SHOT of the dark, shadowy room. Alice is sobbing with fright, trying to restrain her fear that the sobs, when they come, are the more terrifying to hear.  Oliver calls into the darkness. OLIVER (cont'd) Irena...Irena... (the match light begins to flicker) Irena...
90) 22) text: The match light dies.  He lights another and pushes the b of matches into Alice's hands. OLIVER (cont'd) Keep lighting them.
90) 23) text: Alice lights a match, the scene is brighter. OLIVER (cont'd) Leave us, Irena.  Leave us.
90) 24) text: SHOT of the darkness before Alice and Oliver. Oliver's match light flickers out before Alice's match al goes out, Oliver looks up to one side. CLOSEUP of a T-square hanging beside him on the wall. As Oliver reaches up to got the T-square, Alice's match l dies.  In the darkness, he snatches the T-square  Alice lights another match.  Oliver has the T-square in his han and in the eerie light, a shadow is thrown on the wall ab and to one side of him.  He leans forward tensely.  He sp with deep feeling, the name of God in tones of reverent supplication. OLIVER (cont'd) Irena...I beg you, leave us In peace. (pauses) In the name of God --Irena.
90) 25) text: There is a snarl.  The match light flickers out. Again Al lights a match.  Oliver leans forward, still gripping the square In his hands. The darkness.  There is only silence.  Beyond, the door stands open, and one can see out into the hall again. Oliver takes Alice's hand and starts back toward the hall She holds a match in her free hand.
91) 0) text: Alice and Oliver close the door to the office behind them stand in the dimly-lighted hallway.  They look down the h SHOT of the elevator, from their point of view, as it sta waiting. Alice takes a step toward the elevator, but Oliver stops OLIVER (cont'd) Let's go down the stairs.
92) 0) text: As Alice and Oliver reach the bottom of the first flight stairs, Alice stops, leans up against the railing, and co her face with her hands.  Oliver puts an arm around her.
92) 1) dialog: Don't Alice. It's gone. Everything's all right. Don't be afraid.
93) 0) text: Alice and Oliver come out of the doorway marked "Stairway They stop short. Oliver points off.
93) 1) dialog: Look!
93) 2) text: TWO SHOT - Alice and Oliver. She looks beyond the elevators, and her fingers tighten on Oliver's arm. He follows the direction of her gaze. SHOT of the revolving door, from their viewpoint.  It is spinning emptily, as if someone had just passed through. TWO SHOT - Alice and Oliver.  Alice looks about her and t up at him.
94) 0) text: Alice and Oliver stand on the sidewalk.  He tries to peer through the night.  There is a heavy ground fog, white an still. The night is windless and quiet. Alice puts one ha to her forehead and sways a bit.  She forces a grin at hi
96) 0) text: CLOSE SHOT of Alice and Oliver at pay telephone. Alice is speaking into the phone.
96) 2) text: Alice hangs up the receiver and turns to Oliver. ALICE (cont'd) I think Irena just came in. He hung up on me.
96) 3) dialog: (taking her arm as they start out) We'll get a taxi!
98) 0) text: SHOT of Alice and Oliver in a taxi that is racing through streets.
102) 0) text: The taxi draws up in front of the apartment, and Alice an Oliver got out quickly.
104) 0) text: Alice and Oliver come hurriedly in.  Oliver lets the door close behind him, and they start up the stairs. A man's high-pitched scream of mortal agony cuts down the stairwell.  It is followed by hideous noises, bestial snarls and growls, the crash of overturned furniture. Ali and Oliver look at each other; then they start running up the stairs.  As they reach the first landing, the sounds snarling and struggle grow louder.  There comes one piercing, human shriek of agony and then quick silence.  Again Oliver and Alice pause and look at each other, then continue on up the stairs. SHOT of the stairs a flight above Oliver and Alice. There a shadow on the stairs, moving, black, and stealthily agi
105) 0) text: TWO SHOT - Oliver and Alice.  They are running up the sec flight of stairs. SHOT of the stairs above them. We can see the shadow now clearly.  It is Irena.  She is coming down the stairs.  H fur coat is only half on.  One arm is in the sleeve; the other side of the wrap is draped about her shoulders, pul across her breast as if she were holding it to hide some hurt.  She sees Alice and Oliver below her and moves stealthily back into the deeper shadows of the stairway. Alice and Oliver are passing an angle of the stairway whe Irena stands.  Neither of them sees her. CLOSEUP of Irena as she watches them go by.  Her eyes are Oliver.
106) 0) text: Alice and Oliver come up the stairs.  On the stairway, co down from another floor, are two old ladies in faded dres robes.  Other tenants have congregated about the open doo the apartment.
108) 0) text: TWO SHOT  - Alice  and Oliver. Oliver does not hear his n but  sensing Irena's presence,  he  stops, hesitating.
108) 2) text: Oliver turns in the direction of her voice.
109) 0) text: SHOOTING DOWN the stairwell from the upper floor, we see Irena make a gesture of farewell to Oliver and turn away toward the street door.
110) 0) text: Oliver and Alice join the two old ladies and go through, doorway of Irena's apartment.
111) 0) text: As Alice and Oliver step into the apartment, Alice gets o look at the room and turns away.  Oliver takes her in his arms, trying to hide the room from her. Over the scene is sound of the phonograph record still revolving with a monotonous, grinding sound. REVERSE SHOT of the apartment as Alice and Oliver see it. room bears the signs of a terrific struggle. Furniture is overturned, ornaments smashed, the draperies and pictures torn down. Judd's body is hidden by a chair. Only his leg one pants leg torn, can be seen. O.S. is the sound of the record revolving.                                   ' The two old ladies push into the room. They seem quite pleased at all the excitement.
111) 2) text: Oliver speaks almost automatically as he starts to look i the  other rooms.
111) 3) dialog: Thank you.
111) 7) text: She points down. INSERT THE BROKEN SWORD CANE  in Judd's hand. BACK TO SCENE.    Alice and Oliver have  joined the two o ladies and are looking down  at the broken sword.
111) 9) dialog: (thoughtfully)  She never lied to us.
112) 0) text: Alice and Oliver come down the steps, and they start to r through the foggy night.
115) 1) text: Oliver and Alice come to a little space before the cage. see a black object lying on the pavement.  Quietly and cautiously they cross over to it.  Oliver bends down to examine it. Under Irena's fur coat is a black leopard's b the leg and paw in the same attitude her arm and hand had taken, and the broken blade that had once protruded from Irena's gleaming shoulder is now rooted in the black fur the panther.   Oliver looks up at Alice, then gets to his feet, takes he arm, and they start to the walk.  Some few foot away, the turn back to look again at the body.
115) 2) dialog: (softly ) Poor Irena.