0) 16) text: Through the kitchen window, Jimmy zooms in on his mother (JIMMY'S MOM) (40's) idyllic version of a mom in new millennium suburban housewife clothes. She's on the phone preparing dinner.
3) 2) text: As camera pulls back, we HEAR but don't see Judy's Parent talking to Jimmy's Mom and Dad at the table. Judy is bore completely uninterested in their conversation.
3) 4) dialog: So Melissa talked Gary into the SL instead of the seven series. I couldn't believe it.
11) 26) dialog: Jimmy!
19) 12) text: Holy shit. It's Jimmy's Mom, and she's wearing a leather dominatrix outfit!
19) 14) dialog: Are you ready for me, you fucking slut?
19) 22) dialog: I don't feel like waiting. Hurry up bitch. What do you have left to do?
19) 25) text: As Jimmy's Mom exits frame, we see Jimmy's Dad go to the mirror. He opens up the top drawer again and pulls out a little makeup bag.
19) 26) text: Jimmy's Mom re-enters, now wearing a mini leather biker's hat, carrying a riding switch.
19) 28) dialog: Come on slut.
19) 30) text: Jimmy's Mom drifts off screen as Jimmy's Dad gets up on a fours. Suddenly, we hear a SMACK as Jimmy's Mom hits Jimm Dad on his ass with the switch.
19) 32) text: Jimmy's Mom comes back through and out of frame. Jimmy's pushes his belly into the bed, groaning from the pain whi he waits for her return.
19) 36) text: There's a pause. Nothing seems to be happening, but Jimmy Dad is bracing himself for something. His face tightens u Off screen, Jimmy's Mom has started mounting him from beh
19) 48) text: Jimmy's Mom goes hysterical and begins screaming at Jimmy Dad.
19) 50) dialog: (to his dad) I told you he would find out you fucking freak! No wonder he's a fucking psycho. Look a his father.
19) 60) text: Jimmy's Mom rips off her strap on dildo and begins beatin Jimmy's Dad with it.
19) 67) dialog: Stop it!     You're going to kill him.
19) 71) text: Jimmy's Mom keeps swinging the dildo at Jimmy's Dad even though he's let go.
19) 73) dialog: Fuck you! You think you know me? You don't know me! You piece of shit!
19) 76) text: Jimmy's Mom now directs her attention on Jimmy. She screa at him as she swings her gigantic strap on towards the camera.
19) 78) dialog: You little beast! You want to film something? Film this!
19) 85) dialog: (crying hysterically) Nancy, Nancy, Nancy... Jimmy please call him "Nancy" for the love of God. Call your daddy Nancy. Call him Nancy...!
19) 90) text: We hear Jimmy's Mom screaming/repeating herself. We see a hand go over the lens. Jimmy and his mother and father ar all in a wrestling match on the floor.
19) 94) text: The wrestling match continues as we see more hands come towards the lens. Jimmy's Mom suddenly stops screaming, a if she's been knocked out.
34) 1) text: Jimmy's Mom and Dad with a chiron at the bottom of frame. They're at a podium with Judy's parents standing stoicall the background. Jimmy's Mom starts reading a prepared statement.
34) 3) dialog: (on TV) We are very shocked about recent events. Our son has always been a dear sweet boy who is sometimes confused, but we want him to know that we love him very, very much and just want this whole thing to be over.