26) 74) text: Judy is too stoned to realize that Jimmy has already told about Uncle Rodney.
42) 1) text: Images of UNCLE RODNEY (50) going in and out of focus as sits on the side of a king sized bed. Scars and tatoos litter his arms and neck. His eyes are bit maniacal like Charles Manson, but he's able to maintain a stoic, but nonetheless dangerous demeanor as Jimmy begins setting up camera.
42) 2) text: Like a prison inmate or rabid dog, you get the feeling th Uncle Rodney could EXPLODE on you at any second.
42) 4) text: JUST OUT OF FRAME we hear a female voice crying softly, whimpering. The voice is close, in the room with us, but can't see who's making the sounds. Uncle Rodney ignores i completely.
42) 13) dialog: Take your time man. I want you to feel comfortable. More importantly, I want you to get this right.
42) 14) text: Finally, the camera stops shaking. Jimmy zooms out to a medium shot revealing that Uncle Rodney has HAZEL lying n to him on the bed with her head on his lap.
42) 15) text: Uncle Rodney gently strokes her hair like he's petting a Hazel, in the midst of EXTREME withdrawals, cries and whimpers like a child, oblivious to Jimmy, the camera, an everything else in the world except for Uncle Rodney.
42) 19) text: Uncle Rodney looks down upon Hazel.
42) 21) dialog: Just a second. I have to take care of my baby.
42) 22) text: Uncle Rodney admires his work.
42) 24) dialog: She's beautiful isn't she?
42) 29) dialog: Some people come here too far gone. Like Hazel here. The only thing I can do for her is ease her pain.
42) 30) text: Hazel rolls her body back and forth on the bed, all the w keeping her head in Uncle Rodney's lap.
42) 38) dialog: (to Hazel) Shhhhh... How about a baby one?
42) 39) text: Uncle Rodney's tenderness in dealing with Hazel calms her He's having way too much fun treating her like a baby.
42) 42) text: Uncle Rodney takes his pinky and dips it into a small pla bag of powder. He then places it to Hazel's nostril.
42) 45) dialog: (to Hazel) There you go...
42) 48) dialog: There's something about addiction that brings out something beautiful in a person. Addiction is pure. Addiction reduces a person to an infant. And there's nothing more pure and beautiful in the world than an infant.
42) 49) text: He puts his finger to Hazel's nostril again, but this tim without any meth on the tip. She snorts with all of her might then starts crying. Uncle Rodney is toying with her
42) 51) dialog: Hazel is no longer an adult. She's an infant and I'm the surrogate mother who provides her with much needed breast milk. It's a role that both of us have accepted and embrace.
42) 60) dialog: (proudly) That's my girl!
42) 65) dialog: She's a little jumpy.
42) 66) text: Uncle Rodney smiles, amusing himself with his own joke.
42) 68) dialog: Let's begin shall we? And please... I'm going to use this tape for my fans, so let's try to get this right.
42) 72) dialog: I apologize if any of this frightens you or makes you uncomfortable.
42) 76) dialog: No. You won't be fine. What I'm going to teach you will be frightening. The truth is an acquired taste but once you get to it, it's all you'll ever want.
42) 77) text: Uncle Rodney starts in on his mantra.   It's obvious that well versed in his meandering rant.
42) 79) dialog: Those kids out there... we, the so called "undesirables" - you and me, we know the truth. You know that society doesn't want you, your parents don't want you, corporate America sure as fuck doesn't want you... You wouldn't be here otherwise.
42) 83) text: UNCLE RODNEY (cont'd) If this government had a choice, they'd gas us all in a heartbeat, exterminate us like the Jews, enslave us like niggers, cuz don't kid yourself, WE ARE the new niggers in this country. No one respects us... No one sees what we have to offer... No one has compassion for us.... They don't care, or they're too naive to see that we're a by-product of a wasteful society that has failed to educate, embrace, influence, or inspire any of us. We're societal garbage. The counter culture no longer exists. It's dead... It's been replaced by us--
42) 86) dialog: The garbage culture... thrown aside, imprisoned, institutionalized, systematically abused, executed, and enlisted into wars started by government ass- fuckers just to kill us off. JUST TO KILL US OFF. And every week one of you shows up here, disillusioned, addicted, angry, pissed 'cuz they tossed you aside... into the garbage. Every time someone like you shows up here the garbage culture gets a little bit stronger and they get a little bit weaker. Until the "them" and the "they" of this country run out of places to put us, to put its garbage, and the garbage OVER-FLOWS into their cities from out of the confines of the spaces that they have set aside for us.
42) 89) dialog: (biblical) And we will SET FIRE to their world! And we will burn it, until a living HELL REIGNS over what was their former world, and we will fornicate in their ashes!
42) 96) dialog: That's what's here for you.   That's what's here...
42) 97) text: Rodney settles himself down and takes a few deep breaths Jimmy begins zooming out. Uncle Rodney lights a cigarette calm himself.
43) 18) text: Camera zooms in on Uncle Rodney.
43) 23) text: AND she's saying something to Uncle Rodney that's definit pissing him off.
43) 28) text: Uncle Rodney comes up behind her and wraps his arms aroun her shoulder, saying something to her, but we can't hear over the noise. Jimmy approaches and they start talking.
43) 29) text: Jimmy doesn't notice, but there are about four or five of kids, especially a couple of Rodney's Bigger Guys standin not too far behind Uncle Rodney watching the conversation intensely.
43) 31) text: Uncle Rodney lets go of Judy and puts his arm around Jimm With the noise of the drums and the fact that we're zoome from a distance, we can't hear anything they're saying.
43) 36) text: Now Uncle Rodney and Jimmy are having a conversation as t move towards the camera. Though Jimmy can't see it, we ca see that Rodney's Bigger Guys, the ones that were standin behind Uncle Rodney are now pushing Judy along behind Jim and Rodney. Though Uncle Rodney seems to be having a very light and friendly conversation with Jimmy, we continue t get the feeling that something ominous is afoot.
43) 39) dialog: I'm so glad you guys came down here. We never would have guessed you'd come and see us.
43) 42) text: Uncle Rodney's got Jimmy in an incredibly friendly one ar side hug.
43) 44) dialog: I knew she would. By the way.
43) 47) dialog: I know what you did to Dinko.
43) 48) text: This hits Jimmy like a lead weight. Before he can react a all, and before he realizes that anything is happening, J is suddenly thrown into a headlock by Uncle Rodney.
45) 31) text: Jimmy's not too far from Uncle Rodney's trailer.   He dec to make his way up.
45) 36) text: Moving forward, Jimmy makes it to the front door of Uncle Rodney's trailer. We hear music coming from inside. Very slowly and very carefully, Jimmy cracks the front door.
45) 41) text: In the corner of the room, in a make shift bunk, is Uncle Rodney sleeping with his arms wrapped around a girl in a spooning position. There's no doubt this time.
45) 50) text: THWACK! An arm comes out of nowhere and grabs Jimmy's pok hand. Jimmy has woken up Uncle Rodney!
45) 51) text: The camera shakes out of control.   Uncle Rodney screams the top of his lungs:
45) 53) dialog: Who the fuck...!
45) 54) text: Intense and furious wrestling ensues as Uncle Rodney flie out of frame then, in a split second:
45) 57) text: A gunshot goes off. We hear a Uncle Rodney collapse, followed by more gun shots. The camera has fallen from Jimmy's hand and dangles by the wrist strap. Camera comes rest on...
46) 31) text: Judy points the camera up at Jimmy. This is the first tim we've seen him at all since he was beaten up by Uncle Rodney's group. He's a wreck. His face is puffy. His lip is cut up. His eye is swollen. He looks like a flyweight boxer who just went fifteen rounds with a heavyweight.