11) 46) dialog: which of you conjured it? Harry and the others turn, watch BARTY CROUCH “= £ man with a TOOTHBRUSH MUSTACHE and steely eyes_- e * through the haze.
17) 0) text: Students scramble into position, turn expectan' Dumbledore, who stands before the staff. Harry u es wan near the back, nudges Ron: Barty Crouch.
18) 46) text: Moody and Dumbledore exchange WHISPERS and a then Moody takes the one remaining seat at the Tall Table. The staff eye him in mute disbelief. VF Caan, Barty Crouch blinks, turns back to the What?!
18) 48) dialog: (consulting a parchment) After due consideration, the Ministry has concluded that, for their own safety, no student under the age of seventeen will be allowed to put forth their name for the Triwizard Tournament. This decision is final.
21) 101) text: Crouch stands by the fire, staring into the flam blankly, face cast in eerie half-shadow. Mood sy a eye vibrates with strange intensity as he conside he older man. BaRTY CROUCH The rules are absolute. The Goblet of Fire constitutes a binding magical contract. Mr. Potter has no choice. He is, as Qj 0 of tonight, a Triwizard Champion.
24) 0) text: Crouch stands before the champions, while weooh ftp} Maxime, Karkaroff, Dumbledore and Moody look BaRTY CROUCH Courage in the face of the unknown is essential for any wizard. If one cannot defeat the devil he imagines he surely cannot hope to defeat the devil itself. Therefore, you will be told nothing of what awaits you. You will, however, have two weapons upon which to rely: Your wand and your wits. On behalf of the Minister for Magic, I wish each of you good luck.
32) 34) dialog: Surely it's been excruciating for you all, speculating these many * weeks as to just what it is that = awaits you tonight. Within this bag lies the answer. Miss Delacour, if you will...
32) 38) dialog: The Welsh Green. Mr. Krum... Krum reaches in, draws "3." The Chinese Fireball... Then Cedric: "i." Cc)
32) 39) dialog: The Swedish Short-Snout. Which leaves...
66) 2) dialog: Congratulations, Potter.
66) 26) text: é Bsling his hair. A DISTANT PEAL of LAUGHTER -- Ron's! a3 to him from somewhere far behind. ’ The man is Barty Crouch.
68) 36) text: Suddenly a HUGE CLANGING fills the chamber and\anq IRON * CAGE rises through the floor. A man stands BLINKIN * within. Thin. Feral. It is... Karkaroff. Lene * is gone. * Barty Crouch rises then, but this Crouch radia}és_ power. QUILL in hand, he steps to a PODIUM and, maki astabipns in RED INK on a piece of parchment, speaks wit. ute command, clearly having done it dozens of times previously:
68) 37) dialog: Igor Karkaroff. You have been brought from Azkaban at your own request to present evidence to this council. Should your testimony prove consequential, the council gay move to reduce your *
68) 43) dialog: What do you wish to present?
68) 45) dialog: Council will not compel the witnese to testify against his will --
68) 48) dialog: Rosier died two weeks ago.
68) 64) dialog: Council hopes it is a name not already familiar to it.
68) 69) dialog: The name, Mr. Karkaroff.
68) 71) text: A maelstrom of outrage consumes the chamber. Skeeter's lips curl gleefully. Crouch'a quil to a halt, bleeds into the skin of the parchmeh «+» a second CAGE rockets through the floor, with it a SKINNY, STRAW-HAIRED YOUNG MAN (BARTY JR.>}. He leers up at the podium, tongue prob corner of his mouth as malice dances in his d BARTY JR. Hello, Father. As the chamber explodes once more, Harry leans aquinting at the young man, so strangely fami bf Showly the chamber grows silent, all eyes on th lue rrouch.
68) 77) dialog: You are no son of mine... I have no son. Once again, CHAOS ensues, then:
78) 64) text: Harry eyes Dumbledore uncertainly, then complie BARTY JR. It's happened then! Lord Voldemort Aas returned!
78) 67) dialog: I'11 be welcomed back like a hero.