1) 108) text: And if you follow God's commands -  There will be peace throughout the land!  You will live long and happy lives!  With your sheep - your kids - your wives!! joNAH (cont'd) (singing) Don't eat pigs, Show merchant selling pork products. He tries to look inconspicuous. jonah (cont'd) Don't eat bats. MERCHANT #2 is selling "bat-on-a-sticks". He tries to look inconspicuous. jonah (cont'd) Don't eat beetles, flies or gnats. MERCHANT #3 is selling, you guessed it, bug burgers. He too, tries to look inconspicuous. jonah (cont'd) Stay away from all of that! A message from the Lord! 3 merchants pull out new signs or flip tables over. All 3 are now selling bagels. jonah (cont'd) (singing) Do what's right, Don't provoke, Jonah approaches MAN WEARING CLOAK. joNAH (cont'd) (singing) Put four tassels on your cloak. KID next to man cracks up. joNAH (cont'd) (singing) Do not laugh, it's not a joke! A message from the Lord! Townspeople start to pick up song. Jonah echoes each line with a "That's right! Now you've got it!" Etc. Townspeople (singing) Do not fight, Do not cheat, woman #1 Wash your hands before you eat, man #1 There is nothing quite as sweet - WOman #2 a message from the Lord! joNAH All together now! towNSPEOPLE (singing) Be a friend,  Say your prayers,  Heaven loves a heart that cares,  That is why he came to share a message from the Lord! Repeat stanza instrumentally. Tempo picks up - townspeople break into 'Oklahoma'-style dance around mark towNSPEOPLE (cont'd) And if we follow God's commands -  Women in Cart Yodel-ah-ha-ah Townspeople There will be peace throughout our land!  WoMEN IN CART Yodel-ah-ha-ah ToWNSPEOPLE We will live long and happy lives!  With our sheep - our kids - our wives!!
1) 109) text: Do what's right, Don't provoke, Put four tassels on your cloak. Do not laugh, it's not a joke! A message from the Lord! joNAH Don't do drugs! Stay in school! cockney townsperson This is quite a lot of rules! joNAH Follow them and you're no fool, a- townSPEOPLE Follow them and you're no fool, a- joNAH Follow them and you're no fool, all A message from the Lord!! joNAH Follow them and you're no fool, all A message from the Lord! A message from the Lord!! Crowd strikes a final pose - holds it for a few beats - then everyone goe business. joNAH Alright, good show everyone! Thank you very much! pa nARRATOR (vo) That was pretty much Jonah's life! Town to town... bringing God's message not a bad gig, overall! 
1) 110) text: diSSOLVE TO: ext - night. outside jonah's tent. Small, colorful tent set up on the edge of town. (Big enough to stand up in, but wouldn't hold more than 3 or 4 near tent's small window. disSOLVE TO: int - night.  inside jonah's tent. Jonah is ready for bed, praying. Either seated or standing, depending on acting logistics. There is a map of Israel on the wall, painted on a large papyrus. The map extends just enough to show Nineveh in the far upper right corner. pa nARRATOR So, every night before he went to sleep, Jonah would pray and ask God if message for him to deliver. And this night, there was a message that would change Jonah's life
1) 111) text: jonAH (eyes closed - 'conversing' with God) A new message... yes... what's that? People being unkind? Lying? Stealing? Oh, dear! Sounds like a standard "turn and repent" to me. Alright... name the town! I'll be on my way first thing in the morning! Where is it? Jericho? Damascus? (pause) What? Nineveh? Jonah opens his eyes and scans his map. joNAH (cont'd) (confused) I'm not aware of any Nineveh's in Israel... no, I don't think... (pause - eyes widen) Oh... you mean that Nineveh?
1) 114) dialog: (confused) You - you don't want me to go there.... You don't know what Nineveh is like! Perhaps you've never been there... Well, of course, you haven't! A god l me! Ha ha.. (nervous laugh - then singing ) No, it cannot be...  Your messages are meant for me... and my brothers.  We are you're chosen people - and Nineveh... well, they're not!
1) 120) text: Shiloh, Gilgal, Jericho - just say the word! But Nineveh - that is just absurd! Joppa, Aphek, Jezreel - they're all just fine -   But Nineveh...  (thoughtful) oh, Nineveh...  (resolute) No! Nineveh is where I draw the line! Jonah rips off section of map containing Nineveh on closing beat, cuttin map. cut TO: ext - night. Jonah's tent. near ground angle. Glow in tent window is the only warm tone in an otherwise blue night scene. H out the window. It bounces up near the camera. cut TO: int - Jonah's tent. Jonah lies back on his mat, staring up thoughtfully. jonAH (singing) No, it cannot be... Your messages are meant for me.
1) 121) text: He turns away from the camera and the wind picks up, blowing out his small OIL LAMP. cut to black. int - night. seafood restaurant Besides Junior, a few more people have gathered around to hear the story, L Laura is now sitting beside Junior, listening. pa GRAPE Yup. It sounded like God wanted to offer mercy to Jonah's enemies. Bob returns, sliding into the booth, oblivious to the story. bob The tow truck's on it's way. Ya know, Junior, I love your dad and all, but that's the last time I pick him for a co Bob notices the pirates staring. bOB (cont'd) Uh... what's going on? Lunt slurps on his straw. Pa stares at him for a beat. pa GRAPE Ahem... We're telling a little story. You should listen, too. Bob glances around, then nods and smiles feebly. pa GRAPE (cont'd) As I was saying, it sounded like God wanted to offer mercy to the Ninevites. laura What's 'mercy'? lunt It's what this whole story is about! junior I thought it was about compassion... remember? The menu? Mr. Lunt looks a little embarrassed. lunt Uh, yeah. There's that, too. pa GRAPE Better check your menu again - we got TWO specials today... and they go han Junior picks up his menu, just in time to see "MERCY..... MARKET PRICE" fade beneath compassion. larry Compassion is when you want to help someone who needs help. Mercy is when you give someone a second chance... even if deserve it! This story is about both of them!
1) 132) dialog: (still not interested) Oh - lovely. A- Jonah opens his mouth to speak, but Khalil cuts him off.
1) 134) dialog: Yes, Tarshish.
1) 138) dialog: Huh - ?
1) 140) dialog: You know me?
1) 142) dialog: Well, I don't know if I'd say -
1) 145) dialog: (modestly) Well... I...
1) 147) dialog: (still hiding a smile) Oh, no... it's really... kHALIL (not slowing down a bit) The man God can count on to deliver his messages! This line nicks Jonah, and his fake modesty starts to fade.
1) 148) dialog: (deflating) Yes... well...
1) 150) dialog: (beyond desperate) Please, Carlyle... I just need to get some rest...
1) 152) dialog: Ugh... kHALIL Well, sweet dreams travelling buddy! We can make our plans to save those camels tomorrow! Clearly depressed, Jonah closes his eyes. We hear the "click" of Khalil's tape recorder, as the motivational ta back up. The look on Jonah's face contrasts with the line from the tape. tAPE You are a go-getter. fade tO bLACK.
1) 153) text: int - dream sequence. Cut to white limbo. Jonah over white limbo background. Jonah is walking. Passes Scooter, dressed as ticket merchant. Everything is mysterious. joNAH Yes - which way is Tarshish? sCOOTER (kind of trance-like) Right this way... ya can't miss it! joNAH Thank you! Jonah continues - relieved to be heading for Tarshish. Suddenly God's voice interrupts, which sounds suspiciously like Pa Grape. god Jonah... Jonah is surprised - looks around for source. joNAH What? Who is it? god Jonah... Where are you going? joNAH Oh! It's you, Lord. (nervously) Um - I'm going to... I'm going... god Jonah! joNAH I'm sorry, I can't hear you! Jonah starts to walk very quickly. god Jonah! Jonah starts to run. joNAH I can't hear you! Lalalalalalala...! god Jonah! Suddenly, running becomes difficult. Jonah looks down and sees that he is now running in water, and the water seems joNAH (o.S.) (struggling) I... can't... hear... you! PA GRAPE (o.S.) Jonah! Water splashes Jonah's face as he tries vainly to run against the rising dissolve TO: int - day. Ship's hold. Dream transition back to Jonah, tossing in his bunk. The hold of the ship is flooding and water is splashing Jonah pa GRAPE Jonah! Jonah! Jonah! joNAH (eyes closed) No! I- I can't hear you! pa GRAPE Come on, wake up! We got trouble! Jonah finally opens his eyes and sees his surroundings. Water sloshes around the hold as the ship is rocked by an joNAH (groggy) What? (notices situation) What's happening?!?
1) 158) dialog: What's going on?
1) 173) dialog: Alright! I admit it. It's my fault! All my fault! I'm the one to blame! Khalil looks at Jonah, confused.
1) 175) dialog: (cutting PA off) I am a Hebrew, and I worship the Lord, the God of heaven, who made the sea a running away from Him! He told me to go to Nineveh, but I know, I don't like those people... Mr. Lunt (chiming in) Oooh. Fish slappers. Cut back to Khalil, shaking his head in disbelief.
1) 176) dialog: Yes... so I ran. I ran and I ended up here and now everyone's in terrible because of me. I'm afraid the only thing left is to be th
1) 178) dialog: ...Yes... thank you. You're too kind. LARRY smiles at the compliment.
1) 180) dialog: 
1) 196) dialog: Well... How does it work?
1) 212) dialog: Something touched me!... There's something in the water!... PA GRAPE and MR LUNT yell frantically as LARRY pulls the ring back in onc
1) 232) text: Chorus repeats. cuT TO: ext. - evening. surface of sea. Scooter and George are fishing with poles from a small fishing boat. We can through the water. Scooter notices. Scooter looks puzzled, then leans over the edge of the boat and stares down into cut TO: ext. night. underwater. As music continues, we see the whale swimming slowly away from the camera, ev "dancing" to the music within him. As whale disappears into the darkness, we transition back restaurant. Song ends big over transition. wipe TO: int - night. seaFOOD RESTAURANT All veggies are now present in booth, and listening with rapt attention. pa GRAPE So from inside the whale, Jonah prayed and asked God to forgive him for not he would go to Nineveh, even though he didn't like those much. Bob (now very interested) So did he get another chance?
1) 235) text: pa GRAPE Well, God saw that Jonah needed help, and he wanted to help him. junior That's compassion! bob But did he give him a second chance even though he didn't deserve it? You kno pa GRAPE After three days, Jonah noticed something strange happening... disSOLVE TO: int - whale. Jonah and worm are sitting around inside whale. Suddenly the 'floor' of the whale starts undulating - and we here sounds. Jonah and worm are terrified as the 'undulation' becomes increasingly violent! -or- This shot could be underwater exterior of whale - showing whale reacting to stomach. No interior needed. cut TO: ext day - surface of the sea The sea is calm, but we can faintly hear the 'rumbling' sound. Suddenly there is a much louder sound - somewhere between and a stomach rumble. Jonah is launched from the sea like a ballistic missile from a submarine - on desperately to Jonah's bag. They land in a heap on a sandy beach. Jonah looks pretty weird. His skin is very pasty, his clothes are torn, and he is wrapped in seaweed Crusoe-ish.  joNAH (moan) He moans a bit, then rolls over and looks up - right into the face of his joNAH (cont'd) (still on his back) Oh! Reginald! Good to see you! Yes... well... disSOLVE TO: ext day - road to nineveh Lawrence of Arabia shot... endless desert. Jonah rides Reginald across barre at the monotonous landscape, which grows more barren as t if the cruelty of the Ninevites has disrupted nature. pa nARRATOR So God told the whale to burp up Jonah - and Jonah got his second chance! disSOLVE TO: Jonah and Khalil riding toward Nineveh. Pa nARRATOR (cont'd) And just like he promised, he headed straight for Nineveh! Jonah passes signs... "Welcome to Nineveh - Home of the Mister Twisty' Curls!" ... Followed by "Visitors Welcome... To Leave!" Jonah and Khalil look pretty nervous. They enter the canyon leading to Nin around, uncomfortably. Then a noise ahead attracts his at possibly from Joppa, is running right at him... His eyes Crazed Man (hysterical) Turn back!! Turn back!! Turn back!!! The man runs right by Jonah, who turns to watch, eyes wide. CRAZED MAN (cont'd) The slapping! Whack! He runs right into an outcrop on the canyon wall... Bounces back, CrAZED MAN (cont'd) The slapping! Jonah and Khalil stare after, eyes wide. We hear the crazed man's voice tr CrAZED MAN (cont'd) Turn back! Turn back! Jonah and Khalil look at each other, clearly frightened, then turn ahead a their journey. They continue a bit, and then round a corn fills Jonah's face and he pulls up Reginald in awe of the ahead, the canyon opens up and Nineveh spreads out in fro red, hazy sky. The sound of 'urban chatter' and distant f up. Swallowing hard, Jonah urges Reginald on. (Maybe we s of Reginald looking back at Jonah reluctantly.) Jonah approaches the gate of the great city, and two guards step out in fr his path. They are pea Ninevite guards, with Cockney acce exchange as guards interrupt Jonah.) JoNAH (to himself) Go in, give the message, get out...  Go in, give the message, get out...  Guard 1 Who goes 'ere? JoNAH Ah, yes... My name is Jonah... And I'm a prophet... from -  Guard 2 You're not from 'ere, are you? JoNAH Um... No, you see, I'm from - 
1) 268) text: piRATES (cont'd) (weepy) So poor old Jonah - Now he's all alone-a! Pirates raise energy as giant megaphone cutout lowers from above, letti on hill. PIRATES (cont'd) Gotta use a megaphone-a! To get it through to his head! (shouted through megaphone) Hey!!! Hill and weed "blow away" from force of shouted 'hey.' Twippo stands an Jonah. pirATES (cont'd) (singing) Jonah was a prophet! Twippo Ooh, ooh! pirates But he really never got it! Twippo Sad, but true!