1) 130) dialog: Who, me?... Oh, my name is Khalil. I am a caterpillar. Well, that's only half true. My mother was a caterpillar. My father was a worm. joNAH (can't pronounce) Khalil? khalil Khalil. You've got to get your gut into it.  (pause) I bet you're wondering why I'm here. jonah (not really interested) Aaah... you... tidy up around the ship?
1) 131) dialog: Oh, no - I do not work on the ship. (proudly) I am a small business operator! A traveling salesman! I sell Persian rugs door to door! See?
1) 133) dialog: By the way, do you know where this ship is going?
1) 135) dialog: (eyes widen) Tarshish! What a trip! (thinks) You know, that may be just what I need! The Persian rug business has not been going very well around here... (brightens) But I still have a positive mental attitude... because of my motivational ta Pulls headphones out of bag of leaves - tape is still playing. Jonah looks on curiously. tape You are a skilled metalworker. Khalil smiles big.
1) 136) dialog: I am a skilled metalworker! (shrugs) I did not know that! Jonah stares, perplexed. Khalil puts headphones back in back - clicks off tape. Jonah turns to straighten his bunk. jONAH Yes... well, that's lovely, Carlyle, but if you don't mind, I think I'll just Khalil is staring intently at Jonah's profile. It looks very familiar. Suddenly, he realizes who he's looking at.
1) 137) dialog: (excited) Jonah!?! Jonah startles.
1) 139) dialog: You're Jonah!!
1) 141) dialog: Of course I do! You are the most famous prophet in the whole world!! Jonah is flattered, tries to hide a smile.
1) 143) dialog: I sell your licensed merchandise! Look! I have the Jonah rugs... Pulls out Persian rug with Jonah's profile on it. khaLIL (CONT'D) ... the Jonah plush toy... Pulls out tiny plush Jonah.
1) 144) dialog: ... with sound chip! Khalil gives the Jonah doll a few whacks to the belly. plush toy (tinny - sound chip style) A message from the Lord!  (whack) A message from the Lord! jONAH Well, I'm... flattered... khALIL You are huge!! You are a celebrity!!
1) 146) dialog: From town to town - delivering God's messages! What a life! You are a big shot!!
1) 149) dialog: You and God are like peas in a pod! Like two humps on a camel - you always 'sway the same way!' Jonah is wilting. kHALIL (CONT'D) (laughing) Oh, that's a good one! You know, humor runs very deep in my family! My uncle was a big star back at a comedy club in Nineveh... the Taj Ma-Haha... St (grows sober) Then he was hit with a fish. I'm telling you, those people don't know right from wrong. joNAH Oh, Nineveh. Khalil Hmm? You are sad now, my friend? Something about Nineveh inside? joNAH I don't really want to talk about it... I just need some rest... Khalil Oh, you do not have to tell me. joNAH Good. Khalil Because I already know. joNAH (startles) You do? Khalil Oh, yes. There is a woman in Nineveh, is there not? A beautiful young asparagus! She is waiting there fo joNAH Um, no. Khalil (keeps right on going) You were promised to be married - but your job is now in the way. The woman thieves! This very day you set sail for Tarshish to deliver a message that will break the back of but in the process will break the heart of the woman you Jonah stares - unable to speak. Khalil (CONT'D) Insight runs very deep in my family. Do not worry, the first one is free.
1) 151) dialog: It's Khalil. But you can call me Carlyle if you want to! When we get to Tarshish, you can deliver the message, and I'll sell the plush toys! We can Jonah stares at the wall and groans. Toy A message from... the Lord!
1) 183) dialog: But... the camels... joNAH (looks down) Oh... Jonah shakes his head sadly, then looks pitifully toward the sea. Suddenly, MR LUNT brightens up, then chimes in...
1) 198) dialog: Perhaps I could help. (to Jonah) You know, technical competency runs - joNAH (interrupting) I know, very deep in your family. The worm is surprised.
1) 199) dialog: Oh! Our reputation precedes us! Well then... it appears t the cord and then perhaps push this black bubbly thingy.. Everyone thinks that's as good of an idea as any other. They all ignorant agreement. The WORM does just that. He pulls the cord a couple of times and the engine turns over but does not start. He th plan did not work. He revises it: KHALIL (cONT'D) Oh.. no... Maybe it's the other way around. Perhaps if one first pushes the black bubbly thingy and then pulls t Everyone again ignorantly nods. The WORM squeezes the fuel line bubble a couple of times then gives the cord a All Aaah! The WORM, proud of himself, adds:
1) 200) dialog: See? All (Yelling) Ahhhhh! Just then, the propellers catch the surface of the deck of the ship. Woo way across the deck - ripping a trail in the planks. Cut propeller chasing characters through screen. They scream It then crashes through the guard rail on the bow of the the sea. Everyone stares in disbelief.
1) 202) dialog: It has been delightful, but I must go now... The WORM runs away from the group and dives into an Art Bigotti bowling bag of leisure gear next to the card table. We cut to CU of JONAH who offers a resigned look as the c to his eyes- this is his fate. He has no other choice but to... Exterior - day. The Plank of Pirate ship at sea We pull out of JONAH'S face to reveal a different background. He's now standing on the "plank" of the ship and is weari little ducky flotation ring and a swim cap. The PIRATES stand at the base of the plank with their hea their eyes closed. The storm continues to rage. 
1) 235) text: pa GRAPE Well, God saw that Jonah needed help, and he wanted to help him. junior That's compassion! bob But did he give him a second chance even though he didn't deserve it? You kno pa GRAPE After three days, Jonah noticed something strange happening... disSOLVE TO: int - whale. Jonah and worm are sitting around inside whale. Suddenly the 'floor' of the whale starts undulating - and we here sounds. Jonah and worm are terrified as the 'undulation' becomes increasingly violent! -or- This shot could be underwater exterior of whale - showing whale reacting to stomach. No interior needed. cut TO: ext day - surface of the sea The sea is calm, but we can faintly hear the 'rumbling' sound. Suddenly there is a much louder sound - somewhere between and a stomach rumble. Jonah is launched from the sea like a ballistic missile from a submarine - on desperately to Jonah's bag. They land in a heap on a sandy beach. Jonah looks pretty weird. His skin is very pasty, his clothes are torn, and he is wrapped in seaweed Crusoe-ish.  joNAH (moan) He moans a bit, then rolls over and looks up - right into the face of his joNAH (cont'd) (still on his back) Oh! Reginald! Good to see you! Yes... well... disSOLVE TO: ext day - road to nineveh Lawrence of Arabia shot... endless desert. Jonah rides Reginald across barre at the monotonous landscape, which grows more barren as t if the cruelty of the Ninevites has disrupted nature. pa nARRATOR So God told the whale to burp up Jonah - and Jonah got his second chance! disSOLVE TO: Jonah and Khalil riding toward Nineveh. Pa nARRATOR (cont'd) And just like he promised, he headed straight for Nineveh! Jonah passes signs... "Welcome to Nineveh - Home of the Mister Twisty' Curls!" ... Followed by "Visitors Welcome... To Leave!" Jonah and Khalil look pretty nervous. They enter the canyon leading to Nin around, uncomfortably. Then a noise ahead attracts his at possibly from Joppa, is running right at him... His eyes Crazed Man (hysterical) Turn back!! Turn back!! Turn back!!! The man runs right by Jonah, who turns to watch, eyes wide. CRAZED MAN (cont'd) The slapping! Whack! He runs right into an outcrop on the canyon wall... Bounces back, CrAZED MAN (cont'd) The slapping! Jonah and Khalil stare after, eyes wide. We hear the crazed man's voice tr CrAZED MAN (cont'd) Turn back! Turn back! Jonah and Khalil look at each other, clearly frightened, then turn ahead a their journey. They continue a bit, and then round a corn fills Jonah's face and he pulls up Reginald in awe of the ahead, the canyon opens up and Nineveh spreads out in fro red, hazy sky. The sound of 'urban chatter' and distant f up. Swallowing hard, Jonah urges Reginald on. (Maybe we s of Reginald looking back at Jonah reluctantly.) Jonah approaches the gate of the great city, and two guards step out in fr his path. They are pea Ninevite guards, with Cockney acce exchange as guards interrupt Jonah.) JoNAH (to himself) Go in, give the message, get out...  Go in, give the message, get out...  Guard 1 Who goes 'ere? JoNAH Ah, yes... My name is Jonah... And I'm a prophet... from -  Guard 2 You're not from 'ere, are you? JoNAH Um... No, you see, I'm from - 
1) 244) dialog: I do not think this is going very well. JoNAH Oh, let's just go home! I did what you said, I guess it just wasn't meant t Jonah turns Reginald to leave during this line. Just as he starts to calls his name. Pa GRAPE (o.S.) Jonah?!? Jonah spins around to see the Pirates standing in the entrance to the city, way out. They look rather silly, as each wears what appea cheese curl on their head. (similar to Wisconsin's "chedd Jonah (confused) What? The Pirates step out of the gate, with mouths agape. Jonah recognizes them Reginald. KhALIL (excited) It is our friends from the ship! JoNAH (recognizing them) What on earth... ? What are you doing here? LarrY What are you doing here? LuNT Ya! You were... you were... Pa GRAPE ...fish food! The two parties meet off to the side of the gate. While they are talking, glances up curiously at the Pirates headgear. KhALIL The whale spit us out like so much bad cous-cous, and here we are now! Deli Nineveh! JoNAH But they wouldn't let us in, so I guess we're going home.  LuNT Hey, I bet we could get him in... Jonah pulls back, not expecting this. On his shoulder, Khalil smiles broadl JoNAH Huh? Cut TO: Ext. Nineveh gate - momenTS LATER CU on Guard 1, who snaps to attention as travelers approach. Cut to his POV - the three pirates stand smiling in front of him, with Jon Khalil peering from is shoulder. They look like they're p picture. (Though Jonah doesn't look like he wants to be p Guard 1 softens as he recognizes the celebrities GuaRD 1 Hey, look! It's the cheese curls blokes! The pirates smile. GUARD 1 (cont'd) (sweetly) Comin' back for a visit, are ya? (notices Jonah - hardens) Ahem - is this fella with you? Pa GRAPE Oh, yes! He's with us!
1) 250) dialog: What are we doing? jonah Oh, it's time to watch the fun!
1) 251) dialog: Aaaand what fun would that be? jonah Well, I did what I was supposed to do... I warned them that they were going trouble! So now that they've had their warning, it's time to watch God wipe them off the face of Worm looks at Jonah quizzically. Jonah doesn't notice. jONAH (cont'd) I picked a safe distance so we won't get singed. Jonah sits back to watch the destruction. The worm looks at Jonah, then looks at Nineveh. Time goes by. The hot sun beats down. Nothing happens. Jo joNAH (cont'd) This is going to be great! The bad guys! Finally getting what they deserve! More time goes by. The sun is intense. Jonah is wilting. pa narrator So Jonah waited for God to destroy Nineveh. Even now, God was compassionate towards Jonah and caused a plant to gro the hot sun. Jonah looks up and sees large weed hanging overhead like an umbrella. joNAH Hmm? Oh! Yes! Very nice! Thank you! Very nice! He settles in to watch some more. The worm looks back and forth between Jonah and Nineveh. Then he notices the weed and looks - suddenly - hungry. pa narrator Jonah kept waiting. But it didn't seem like anything was happening! He wondered if maybe God was forgetting something. Jonah stands and looks up toward heaven, then back to Nineveh. jonah Alright! I did my job! So... fire! Brimstone! Whatever! You pick! Right over there! (pause) I'll just... sit here under my weed... and wait. Jonah sits back down and forces a smile, leaning up against the weed. Wit jONAH (cont'd) What? - What happened? Jonah spies worm, happily munching a mouthful of weed, and sees the partial jONAH (cont'd) What? How could you?!?
1) 252) dialog: (surprised) Hmm? All your whining made me hungry! It was just a weed. jONAH (suddenly despondent) Just a weed?!? It - it was my shade! It was my friend! (melodramatic) Oh, dear Lord, how could you let this happen?!? Jonah mourns for the weed like a fallen comrade. The worm can take it no more.
1) 253) dialog: Would you look at yourself?!? Jonah looks up - startled by the worm's intensity. KHALIL (cont'd) You care more about that weed than about all the people in Nineveh!! jONAH Well... I...
1) 254) dialog: Why are you here now? Instead of back in the belly of that whale? Jonah opens his mouth, but doesn't have an answer. KHALIL (cONT'D) Because God is compassionate! He wanted to help you! And because he is merciful! He gave you a second cha jONAH (chipper) Oh, yes - and I'm very grateful-
1) 255) dialog: Has it ever occurred to you that maybe God loves everybody! Not just a second chance! jONAH Uh - well...
1) 256) dialog: He saw that those people needed help - that they didn't know right from wro help them! And that is why he sent you! jONAH Ah-
1) 257) dialog: And when you told them what they were doing wrong they said they were sorry mackerels and their halibuts - and they asked God for a s (Jonah ponders) Don't you see? God wants to give everyone a second chance! And so should we! Jonah is initially moved by this truth, but then becomes theatrically pouty rich kid who isn't getting his way. jONah Well, if they get a second chance - those fish-slappers - well, then... I were dead! (flops onto the ground) Oh, I wish I were back in that whale! Jonah is a basket case. The worm looks at him in disbelief.
1) 258) dialog: You are pathetic. (pause) You know, patience runs very deep in my family... but not that deep. I'm out Khalil starts to walk off. jONah What? What are you doing?
1) 259) dialog: (turning back) I wanted to be big and important... just like you! But the world doesn't need more people who are "big and important needs more people who are nice. And compassionate. And merciful.  (pause) That's what I want to be.  (pause) You can find yourself a new traveling buddy. Goodbye. jONah You can't just leave!
1) 260) dialog: Can and am! jONah But... who will I talk to? You can't just leave me here all alone? (pause) Hello? Reginald? Carlisle? Khowleel? Carleel? Howie? (etc... ad lib) Jonah tries to call the worm's name - but can't get the pronunciation right. as the camera cranes higher above him, revealing the worm further away and Jonah looking smaller and more alone. cut TO: int. night - seafood restaurant Abrupt cut to shot of Pirates peering over booth. pa grape (after a beat) The end! Immediately, the Pirates slide the Plexiglas divider shut between the two listeners in the next booth who continue staring in disbe bob (confused) Wait a minute... its's over? pa grape (os) Yup! Bob That's how it ends?!? Pa GRAPE Yup! junior But what did Jonah learn? Lunt opens screen again. lunT (looking at Junior) The question, my friends, is not "what did Jonah learn." The question is - junior (thinking) Well, I learned that we need to help people who need help... (pause) And we need to give 2nd chances. Even if they don't deserve them. (looks up) But what's that got to do with us? Pa turns and looks directly at Bob, who startles. pa GRAPE Hey... tomato... bob Eh? pa GRAPE Your friend there... the big asparagus. If I'm not mistaken, he didn't do such a good job helping you with t bob Oh, it was a disaster! He said he was sorry and that he'd do better next time, but no way! Uh uh!  (Bob realizes what he's said and looks down) Mercy. I guess everyone deserves a second chance. Dad Asparagus smiles. pa GRAPE Yup! Now get outa here before my crab legs get cold! Pirates shut window once more. Veggies smile, then Dad snaps out of the "feel good" moment. dad You know, that still wasn't a very good way to end a story! Others agree. From across the barrier, Pa yells out... pa GRAPE (os) Well, whadya want? A big musical number?!? Everyone looks at each other and agrees that sound pretty good.