0) 17) text: He needed 1st aid (clap) in the 3rd grade (3claps) 1st aid (clap) in the 3rd grade (3claps)  1st aid (clap) in the 3rd grade (3claps)  You could a buy a zoo  With all the doctor bills he paid! LAURA looks down at her ticket, smiling. It reads, "In Concert - Twippo! Backstage Pass" 
0) 18) dialog: (reverently - with awe) ...I get to meet Twippo... Laura picks the song right up again... Song has been increasing in tempo and is now at a fevered pitch.
0) 27) dialog: (holding her 'special' ticket aloft) But I'm the only one who gets to meet him, because I won the Twippo S LAURA'S ticket is proudly displayed in Junior's face as she delivers her li
0) 38) dialog: (screams) My ticket!!!!! Bob startles, accidently turning the wheel and losing his grip on the m bob Wha-? Dad startles, whacking Bob again with his guitar, which only makes the dad Huh? Wha... Quick! Get it! exT. winding road -nIGHT The vans tires squeal, as Bob tries to regain control. bob The map!! Guitar boing off Bob's head. Dad Sorry!
1) 25) text: Laura looks down sadly. JEAN CLAUDE and PHILLIP PEA observe our friends as they enter the restaurant and put momentarily, then can take no more... Jean claude & phillip (clearing throats, together) eh.. eh.. Ahem... May we help you? Our friends stop in their tracks and look up to the imposing hosts. They all
1) 58) dialog: (frustrated noise) Hrrrrrrrg... I'm coming with you Mr. Bob...
1) 121) text: He turns away from the camera and the wind picks up, blowing out his small OIL LAMP. cut to black. int - night. seafood restaurant Besides Junior, a few more people have gathered around to hear the story, L Laura is now sitting beside Junior, listening. pa GRAPE Yup. It sounded like God wanted to offer mercy to Jonah's enemies. Bob returns, sliding into the booth, oblivious to the story. bob The tow truck's on it's way. Ya know, Junior, I love your dad and all, but that's the last time I pick him for a co Bob notices the pirates staring. bOB (cont'd) Uh... what's going on? Lunt slurps on his straw. Pa stares at him for a beat. pa GRAPE Ahem... We're telling a little story. You should listen, too. Bob glances around, then nods and smiles feebly. pa GRAPE (cont'd) As I was saying, it sounded like God wanted to offer mercy to the Ninevites. laura What's 'mercy'? lunt It's what this whole story is about! junior I thought it was about compassion... remember? The menu? Mr. Lunt looks a little embarrassed. lunt Uh, yeah. There's that, too. pa GRAPE Better check your menu again - we got TWO specials today... and they go han Junior picks up his menu, just in time to see "MERCY..... MARKET PRICE" fade beneath compassion. larry Compassion is when you want to help someone who needs help. Mercy is when you give someone a second chance... even if deserve it! This story is about both of them!