7) 28) text: Simple Simon met a pie man Going to the fair. Said Simple Simon to the pie-man: Give me your pies or I’1ll cave your fucking head in.
7) 30) dialog: Simon. Hello, Arthur. (beat) Bloomingdales was just for show. A pause.
7) 32) dialog: I want to play a game.
7) 34) dialog: Simon Says. (beat) Is John McClane there? A pause. Cobb stares at the phone receiver.
7) 36) dialog: Good. . (suddenly low, sinister) Listen to me, Arthur. In the next several hours Simon is going to tell Detective McClane what to do and Detective McClane is going to do it. If he fails to comply with the slightest detail of my instructions, there will be a penalty.
7) 38) dialog: Ten pounds of plastique explosive will be detonated in a crowded public place. Cobb swallows. His throat is suddenly dry.
7) 43) dialog: Simon Says Detective McClane is to stand on the corner of 138th street and Amsterdam, which is in Harlen, if I’m not mistaken....
19) 33) dialog: I’m hurt. Really. I’m not very happy. He wore the board and stood on the corner. Congratulations. Marvelous. Where are my pigeons? (cheery) I had two pigeons bright and gay, They flew from me the other day. What was the reason they did go? You cannot tell; for you do not know.
19) 35) dialog: No, I mean Santa Clause. Cobb, McClane, and Lambert exchange looks.
19) 37) dialog: What about the....dark one.
19) 42) dialog: Get hin. Cobb motions to Lambert. Lambert goes to the door and leans out, motioning frantically to WALSH AND Zeus. Meanwhile, Simon continues:
19) 43) dialog: About the trace you’re putting on this call: it will take ten minutes, and five more for a car to get here, which happens to be a public payphone, so why don’t we put that idea to beddy-bye? Walsh and Zeus enter the office.
19) 44) dialog: All present? zeus looks at the phone. Looks at everyone else.
19) 46) dialog: Hello. I took great trouble to prepare that game for Mr. McClane and look what you did to my well- laid plans.
19) 50) dialog: (after a pause) That was unpleasant. Don’t let it happen again? : (low, sinister) What’s your name, boy?
19) 52) dialog: I’1l call you tarbaby if I like. I was going to spare you; now I’ve changed my mind. (pause) Simon Says: McClane and Zeus take a cab to the subway station at 72nd and Broadway. I will call you both in fifteen minutes at the payphone in the island. Any police escort or . failure to answer my call will cause non-compliance. By now you’ve found my briefcase - you understand the severity of the penalty.
26) 14) dialog: Birds of a feather flock together, And so will pigs and swine. Rats and mice all had their chance, And so will I have mine. (beat) Why was the phone busy? Were you calling someone?
26) 16) dialog: I think there’s been non-compliance. I think people are going to die.
26) 18) dialog: I believe you, John. Oh, my! It’s time for a pop mental aptitude quiz. Simon laughs. McClane and Zeus exchange a glance: "What the fuck..?"
26) 19) dialog: (now low and very fast) Solve the following riddle or you get a penalty. Ready?
26) 21) dialog: Oh. The trash receptacle next to you? McClane and Zeus look at the WIRE TRASH CAN next to them which has been IN FRAME the whole time.
26) 22) dialog: There’s ten pounds of plastique in it. Listen carefully: (then, very fast) As I was going to St. Ives I met a man with seven wives 33. SIMON (cont‘’d) Every wife had seven sacks, Every sack had seven cats, Every cat had seven kittens. Kittens, cats, sacks and wives, How many weré going to St. Ives? (beat) My phone number is 555 and the answer. Call me in thirty seconds or die. CLICK. McClane stares at Zeus.
26) 39) dialog: You‘re date. I’m very sorry. McClane grabs Zeus and dives away from the phone booth, screaming to SURROUNDING PEDESTRIANS:
26) 42) dialog: I didn’t say "Simon Says." McClane and Zeus collapse against the walls of the payphone compartment, breathing hard. 2Eus This guy’s getting on my nerves.
26) 43) dialog: Look through the grate next to the phone, John. McClane looks down at a big VENTILATION GRATE next to 35. the payphone. Twenty feet down, through the GRATE, he can see PEOPLE on the platform, waiting for the train.
26) 44) dialog: It is exactly 4:50. Has the number 5 train arrived? Suddenly the metal ventilation grate VIBRATES. We hear the DULL RUMBLE of a train pulling in.
26) 46) dialog: This morning I left something provocative on it. Explosive even. (suddenly low, dark, and very fast) Simon Says get to the payphone at the south end of the Wall Street station next to the news kiosk by 5:20 or the number 5 train, and all its passengers, will cease to exist. If you use any means of travel other than a civilian vehicle, I will blow the train. If you make any attempt to close or evacuate the subway system, I will blow the train. I will call you in thirty minutes. You'd better be there. Toodle-ooh.
63) 4) dialog: Yes. You are. (beat) Where is McClane?
63) 6) dialog: The rules were you both had to be there. You have to learn to follow instructions. I’m afraid this is non-compliance. Good-bye.
70) 32) dialog: Hello, Arthur.
70) 35) dialog: Let’s see, I bet there’s John McClane, and Zeus, and who from the
70) 38) dialog: Deputy Director? I’m insulted. And who am I missing....?
70) 41) dialog: Bill, Bill, Bill. The last time I saw you was through the telescopic sight of a Reugers rifle. Do you still wear thdse horn-rimmed glasses, they’re so unbecoming. Everyone looks at Jarvis’ horn-rimmed glasses. Jarvis grits his teeth.
70) 42) dialog: Congratulations, John, two for two. I thought you might be getting bored so I’ve put twenty-eight hundred . pounds of C-4 plastique explosive in one of the 246 schools in Greater New York. It’s set with a timer....
70) 44) dialog: Yes. Please don’t interrupt again. It’s timed to explode in exactly three hours, at 3:00 p.m. If any child is seen exiting any of the schools, I will detonate the bomb by remote control.
70) 46) dialog: Hello, John. Simon says: McClane and his new friend go to the payphone in Washington Square Park. I will call you in twenty minutes. If you do what you’re told I will tell you where the bomb is and how to disarm it.
70) 48) dialog: If I told you that it wouldn’t be fun, would it? By the way: the bomb’s detonator is set to receive the police ban frequency. I/’d avoid using your radios.
72) 0) text: We are on rooftop 25 stories above the blast site. Below, on Wall Street, the cops are scurrying off to try to find the bomb in the school. A MAN is at the edge of the roof, looking down. He~- turns away and we are face-to-face with -- SIMON GRUBER, age 42. Everything about this man is disconcerting: his physicality, the way he moves, the
72) 3) dialog: They bought it. MATHIAS TARGO, next to Simon, nods. Targo is Hungarian, 30’s, Compact and deadly. He never smiles. Simon flips open a cellular phone, punches numbers.
72) 4) dialog: Go. Simon and Targo turn and look north, up Greenwich Avenue, toward Tribeca. A mile away they can see -- SIMON’S POV = FROM ROOFTOP VANTAGE - TEN HUGE INDUSTRIAL DUMPTRUCKS wheel around a corner and head down Greenwich Ave. toward Wall Street.
72) 6) dialog: Did someone die? Simon smiles; Targo maintains his grim expression.
72) 8) dialog: It’s close enough.
72) 10) dialog: What?
72) 12) dialog: Keep your opinions about my brother - and me - to yourself, Mathias. Simon turns and walks off. Targo watches him. 62.
78) 26) dialog: Multiplication is vexation, Division is as bad; The Rule of Three, doth puzzle me, And practice drives me mad. (beat) Can you both hear me? McClane motions to Zeus, who comes up close. They share the phone receiver. Reluctantly.
78) 28) dialog: The top of the phone booth. 66. Zeus takes the phone. . McClane reaches to the roof of the phonebooth. His hands lower, holding a CARDBOARD BOX. “SIMON Open it. . McClane sets the box on the ground and opens it. McClane and Zeus stare at -- INSIDE THE BOX - A WEIGHING SCALE (the household variety) attached to a DIGITALLY TIMED DETONATOR.
78) 29) dialog: Turn toward the fountain. (McClane and Zeus turn; look) Do you see the two jugs?
78) 32) dialog: One is a five gallon jug, the other is a three gallon jug. Simon Says fill one of the jugs with exactly four gallons of water and place it on the scale. McClane and Zeus exchange a look.
78) 34) dialog: That exact weight of water will stop the detonator attached to the scale.
78) 37) dialog: Exactly four gallons in one of the jugs. I emphasize exactly. You have twenty minutes. Mclane and Zeus look down in horror as -- The DIGITAL TIMER on the detonator flicks on. It reads: 20:00. Then flips to 19:59 and begins counting down: 19:58, 19:57, 19:56....
78) 39) dialog: If I told you it wouldn’t be fun? Would it John. CLICK.
79) 0) text: SIMON and TARGO, both wearing hardhats and suits and ties. They walk toward -- TWO UNIFORMED POLICE OFFICERS guarding the barricaded perimeter of the blast site from pedestrians. Alli _ the ; . vehi have been deverted to deal with the bomb in the school. In the b.g. the TEN INDUSTRIAL DUMPTRUCKS are pulling up to the site and parking next to the blast site. Simon approaches the cops. He opens his wallet and flashes proper credentials.
79) 1) dialog: (American accent) Bob Thompson, City Engineer. (looks at the crater Holy Toledo, somebody had fun.
79) 3) dialog: The mayor wants this train up and running - that’s where I come in. We're going to clear the rubble and gauge the extent of damage.
79) 5) dialog: Wall Street, son. When rich people want something, they don’t wait. — coP 1 (laughs) Come on, we’ll take you down. The two cops lead Simon and Targo down the station steps. Simon stops. Targo continues behind the cops, pulling A SILENCED HANDGUN from a shoulder holster. Targo and the cops round the corner, descending to the Platform. We hear SILENCED GUNSHOTS, then the sound of bodies collapsing. - TARGO comes back up the staircase, nodding to Simon. SIMON turns to the dumptrucks and motions. TWO MEN get out of the lead dumptruck, dressed as N.Y.P.D. patrolmen. They take the dead policemens’ places behind the barricades. MR. LUCK, the driver of the lead dumptruck, backs up to the cratered hole in Wall Street. The bed of his truck rises, dumping out PORTABLE STEEL RAMPING GIRDERS. Several other DUMPTRUCK DRIVERS leave their trucks; they pick up the ramping girders and begin erecting a ramp from the street level to the subway track below. A DUMPTRUCK backs up to the crater. OTHER DRIVERS * offload a TUNNEL DIGGER (used in mining operations - a machine that digs huge holes), and a MASSIVE CRATE. cUT TO: EXT. WASHINGTON SQUARE PARK - DAY . The DIGITAL TIMER on the detonator (attached to the scale) is counting: 15:32, 15:31, 15:30, etc. McClane has the jugs in hand.
81) 0) text: We're in the tunnel, 50 yards from the station platform. 70. SIMON and TARGO stand on the tracks, watching -- THE TUNNEL DIGGER spewing dirt out of 10’ by 6’ aperture that’s been jackhammered in the concrete wall of the subway tunnel. It backS out. The TUNNEL DIGGER OPERATOR turns to Simon:
87) 0) text: Simon is looking down the subway tracks. DOWN THE TUNNEL -- a FLASHLIGHT flashes on, then off.
87) 1) dialog: Now, Mathias. (flips open his cellular phone; dials) You’re time has come, Nigel. INSIDE THE DRILLING HOLE - MATHIAS TARGO, seated behind the hydraulic drill, operates levers. The ENORMOUS DIAMOND-TIPPED BIT lifts up and pushes forward into a WALL OF TUNGSTEN STEEL ARMOUR PLATE.
89) 0) text: Tarog’s drill WHINES within the drilling hole. SIMON turns and nods to SIX MEN with silenced machine pistols who move into the drilling hole.
94) 3) dialog: Gentlemen, I present you with a golden opportunity...
96) 0) text: Simon’s men are scooping up the huge pallets of gold bars. They move the gold like gravel, or rocks, with emphasis on speed. Bars are CLANGING on the ground.
97) 0) text: Skid steers, laden with gold bars, roll up to the dumptrucks and empty their loads. SIMON AND TARGO watch from the platforn. Simon looks at his watch.
98) 14) dialog: And I thought you were stupid, John. (laughs) But then things are never what they seem, are they? CLOSE ON MCCLANE - as he listens to Simon laugh. McClane can’t articulate it yet, but he’s been here before. He has a feeling, a hunch.
99) 0) text: Simon on the platforn. In the b.g. the dumptrucks are filled with gold bullion. Each truckbed is topped with a layer of dirt to cover the gold, then covered with a tarpaulin.
99) 1) dialog: 
99) 3) dialog: Answer this and you will know: what is 27 out of 43? For the bomb’s disarming code, go to the New York public library and consult card catalogue number HXU-498. Simon clicks off his phone. Smiles.
102) 0) text: A small street perpendicular to Wall Street. McClane and Zeus pedal down Christopher Street, stopping at the intersection of Christopher and Wall Street. Mcclane dismounts his bike. THE LAST OF SIMON’S DUMPTRUCKS is lumbering past McClane and Zeus, moving east. Zeus and McClane take no notice. McClane looks to his right -- MCCLANE’S POV - WALL STREET (LOOKING WEST) The Wall Street subway station is three blocks away. The TWO FAKE COPS (Simon’s men) are standing guard.
104) 0) text: MCCLANE enters the lobby. Calm, uneventful, no customers. THREE FEDERAL MARSHALS stand guard: one behind the front desk; two at the METAL DETECTOR. They are SIMON’S MEN who commandeered the building. McClane steps up to the Guard (Nigel) behind the desk. He flips open his detective’s shield.
105) 0) text: Zeus walks down the ramp onto the subway platform. Simon’s abandoned SKID STEERS sit there. Zeus jumps onto the track and follows the line of abandoned equipment, toward the drilling hole. Bag 85.
122) 0) text: cuT TO: The point at which the aquaduct reaches Manhattan. 96. A LINE OF DUMPTRUCKS is entering the tunnel; ANOTHER LINE OF DUMPTRUCKS is exiting. PAANING PAST THE TRUCKS ENTERING THE TUNNEL - SIMON’S DUMPTRUCKS have fallen in line. We see MR. LUCK and SIMON’S OTHER DRIVERS behind the wheels of their trucks. INT. SIMON’S DUMPTRUCK SIMON, in the lead dumptruck, sits with Targo, who drives. Targo, grim as usual, looks at his watch.
122) 2) dialog: They know nothing, Mathius. And if they do, they’1l do exactly what we want - close the bridges and tunnels. (smiles) That can be made more difficult..... Simon, smiling, picks up his cellular phone as his ‘truck enters the aquaduct tunnel.
132) 0) text: A circular tunnel, 32 foot in diameter. SIMON’S TRUCKS roll through the tunnel at 40 m.p.h. One of the trucks stops. The nine other trucks continue up the aquaduct.
135) 0) text: McClane, in Jerry Parks’ dumptruck, rumbles up the tunnel. INT. JERRY PARKS’ DUMPTRUCK McClane’s looking through the windshield. He comes around a corner. UP AHEAD - THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD - we see THE TAIL LIGHTS OF A DUMPTRUCK sitting in the tunnel, the truck from Simon’s convoy which stayed behind. McClane stops. He thinks a moment. In the seat next to him is Jerry Parks’ hardhat. He picks up the hardhat, thinking.
136) 0) text: Two of Simon’s men, NILS AND KLAUS, watch nervously through the side rear-view mirrors as -- A MAN APPROACHES. Klaus pulls a handgun from his jacket.
138) 0) text: Simon’s dumptrucks are rumbling across TWO STEEL RAMPS bridging A TRENCH CUT IN THE CONCRETE FLOOR; electrical cable is being layed across the aquaduct floor. INT. SIMON’S TRUCK (THE LEAD TRUCK) Targo is driving. The c.b. radio BEEPS. Simon picks up the receiver.
138) 1) dialog: You can come along now, Nils. (pause) Nils. MCCLANE (v.0.) Nils is dead, fuckhead. TARGO, alarmed, turns to SIMON. CLOSE ON SIMON - his jaw twitchs. His eyes glint.
138) 2) dialog: 
138) 5) dialog: (composing himself) The truck you’re driving contains thirteen billion dollars in gold bullion. lLet’s not be rash, John. Would a deal be out of the question?
138) 7) dialog: Such a way with words.
138) 10) dialog: Don’t underestimate me, Mathias. They drive. on in silence, the tension palpable.
139) 0) text: THE LAST OF SIMON’S TRUCKS rumbles across the steel ramps bridging the electrical conduit trench; this last truck shakes one of the ramps loose. The ramp falls into the conduit trench. cuT TO:
140) 0) text: Here the aquaduct is sealed with a CONCRETE RETAINING WALL supported with STEEL GIRDERS. Beyond the retaining wall is a wall of water. Simon’s convoy pulls up in front of the retaining wall.
140) 4) dialog: Blow the wall.
143) 0) text: Targo’s dumptruck comes up a ramp to street level, joining the other dumptrucks. Targo nods to Simon, who removes a transmittor detonator from his pocket; he presses the button and --
145) 0) text: Simon turns to Targo. 104.
145) 1) dialog: I won’t underestimate him this time, Mathias. Make sure he’s dead. Simon gets in his truck; the convoy of dumptrucks pulls out-onto the Saw Mill, “heading north. Targo motions to Mr. Luck and ANOTHER MAN. They walk to the southbound lanes of the Saw Mill River Parkway. Targo walks right into the middle of the Parkway. AN ONCOMING B.M.W. locks up it’s brakes, fishtailing to a stop ten feet from Targo. The driver gets out.
161) 0) text: A bleak wharf servicing ea SCRAP METAL facility. A hulking, rated, 400 foot CARGO SHIP sits at the dock. SIMON otande watching es -- THE DUMPTRUCKS are pushed one by one into the teeth of & METAL SCRAPPER, the largest madc. (the first truck, MO ee eer
164) 0) text: The FIFTH dumptruck in line is being shawed up by the matal scrapper. Simon‘s mon are busy operating the escrappar, pnahing the trucks inte the corappez, ste. Simon etande on the wharf, watching. A GOLD RAR lands, THUD at his feet. Simon lneka at the gold bar. His jaw muscles tighten. Hu slowly turns, facing -- JOHN MCCLANE who walks quickly up to Simon, his gun trainad on Simen‘s head. ¥ ‘ ™ - Simon Mathias... BY TMZ TRUCKS AND SCRAPER - TANGO and the OTHER MEN lnok over, their faces twioting in shock. They go for their quna but -- MCCLANE pute hie gun to Simon’e heed. Den‘t do that. Targo and the othar men freeze. Simon is charactoristieally ica cold. simon Nello, John. Where is your friand?
164) 3) dialog: T ean‘'t do that Jehn. ewe eee See OTe were ee wey see fe. + eee Bee Pe eee cere. 115.
164) 5) dialog: | : That wasn't the deal. | McClane cocks tha gun.
164) 7) dialog: (emiloo broader) I qava you the disarming coda.
164) 9) dialog: I believe the next number is a three.... Siman, to MeClane’s surprise, isn’t going to do it. MeClane’s hand shakes with rage. The tension is unhaarable.
164) 17) dialog: T am touched. You care a great deal ahout your ehildzsen. (beat) If I give you the code, how will you communicate it to the echeol? Ahh, I know. One of tha truck radios. Mathias, we'll need the police band, . Simon and Targn exchange a look. Targo reaches ineide the third truck. (thare are now only four trucks remaining) Tarco adjusts the band on the c.b. Zeus and McClane look on in horror an Targo clicks on the_radic, ecnding a _sicnal.... : zeus NOonnh) 2eus grabs fer the radiv but -- . Targe pietol whips him te the ground.
165) 7) dialog: You shonldn‘t have meddled.
176) 6) dialog: Yeu might be wondezing where the real bomb is. Simon pointa tn -- om i rom@cia ot mame re. + eee err 122. THE CARGO SHIP - A DUGE CRATE site thusw, ol which is printed: JONNSON AND EPWARDS CO.
176) 8) dialog: Put the gun down, John. (MeClane doesn’t mova) Put it down and Zeus qows free. Tt have no interest in him. Only yous Zeus and MeClane lock Be un; tosses it on the ground. yurns MeClane slowly Jewara the 9! SIMON pivky up McClane’s gun. to Targe.
176) 9) dialog: take him vul and let him go- Tarao shovan Zeus forward.
176) 10) dialog: wait. and Zeus stop) The book. Give it. to him. Zeus hands McClane the book. They lonk at each other again. fargo shoves feus; they move off accuse the whart.
176) 11) dialog: John, your handcuffs, please. s BANDCUTT CLIP. Re MeClan ramoves the handcutfs- ip with the Simen motions gun. move up the qangplank.
176) 16) dialog: The other to that pole. MeClane Jonks the other handenff to the STEEL RAISING of the gunwale, right next to the bomb.
176) 18) text: Increasing the value of what we take ten-fold, and throwing every western market inte chann. (oniles) I am a terrorist, after all. Give me the kay please. MeClane tos: Simon the handeufé key. - Simon pockets the key. Then he moves to the crate of C-4, where we soe -~
176) 21) dialog: I admit you surprised me. You are atill an asrogent, unpleasant man. Yon asanmed the book vas worthlcso. That in hacause you vere too stupid to figure it eut. It contains the disarming codo. Tha same code you'll ased. (beat) We have one more game to play. The ohip leave under eutumalic pilot. OQnee at sea I will give you...let me test this first... INSERT - SIMON’S HAND clicks the timer to $300. It begins counting down: 4:59, 4:88, 4257...- Cur TOs
177) 8) dialog: {sailes) I never liked my brother. Simon chuckles. Then laughs out loud. And MaCiane atarte Janghing tan. Simon laughs louder. MeClane laughs louder. Both men are just busting a gut. Then:
177) 15) dialog: 
178) 0) text: Zeus is knerling before Targo. zeus (trembling) Simon said to lat uw go. Zena’S HAND inches toward his ankle. he pulls his pantiag up, exposing HcClanc’s ankle holster....
179) 0) text: vTargo whirla armund, surprised by tho oxplosion. 2EUS’S HAWN flashes up with the ankle-holstered gun. Be shoots Targqo in the forehead. fargo fallo to the ground, deed. Zeus rises, lenke at Targo’s corpse aud shudders. Zeus runs back to the whart. ExT. CARGO SHIP Simon gets to his feat. and scrambles for the gun. MeClane, locked to the yunwale, trips him. : HENSLEIGH HOUSE PHONE No. : 212 S35 6894 mar. 32 1994 125. Simon gets back up. MeClane, with one shoulder dislocated and ancther gunshot, with one hand locked to the railing, fights a one-armed fistfight with Simon. Gimon beats the living shit out of MeClane, who tries gamely to fight back. Lefts. Rights. MeClane‘s blood eprays the deck. Simon goes for the gun. Graba it. With his last energy. MeClane leans back against the gunwale and lifts his legs, coralling Simon by the neck. He squcezes. Simon twists in McClane‘’s grip. He chokes. His naeck hulges. MeClane twists his legs violently. Simon‘s neck snaps. SIMON freezes. Ried trieklan from his mouth. He looks at McClane and dies. Simon falls backward over the gunwale into the cea. ZEUS comes running up the gangplank. Re runs up to McClane.