7) 0) text: Inside the room is similar to the one we just left. BERNADETTE, a fellow post-structuralist graduate student, sits interviewing a teenage BOY.
7) 2) dialog: It’s okay. We’re pretty much done. (to the boy) So... where did you hear this story?
7) 6) dialog: Oh my God! This could be the one! She turns the piece of chicken in front of her face, examining it.
7) 7) dialog: The original Kentucky Fried Rat. Helen regards her own lunch less enthusiastically. Bernadette takes a big bite out of the chicken, feigning disappointment.
7) 15) dialog: Too bad, huh? How's yours? Helen takes a bite, not without a momentary pause.
7) 17) dialog: Can you imagine what it would be like, if we actually found the rat? I don't think I could ever eat again... - Helen gets a look of sly determination in her eye. Helen looks Helen nods.
7) 19) dialog: You think so? He'd just rip off our thesis, go on the talk shows and tell everybody he was the leading expert on Urban legends...the man who finally got to take a bite of the legendary take-out rat... depressed.
7) 21) dialog: zing asshole gets to doctorate?
13) 0) text: The apartment reflects Helen’s enthusiastic and outgoing nature. It is smart without being uncomfortable. A proper home. Helen shows Bernadette a photocopy of the article on Ruth Mae’s murder.
13) 1) dialog: I don’t like this. This is not one of your fairy tales. Somebody really died. It makes me -uncomfortable...
13) 7) dialog: No kidding. I won't even drive past it. I heard a kid got shot there just the other day.
13) 9) dialog: No.
13) 11) dialog: 
14) 0) text: wn Helen shows Bernadette the bathroom. It is small, with & shower, the tub, the sink and the toilet crammed in. Ab the sink a medicine cabinet is set into the wall. The . cabinet has a mirrored door.
14) 5) dialog: Hey! Stop it! There might be somebody in the bathroom.
14) 7) dialog: That’s amazing. nh oO
15) 0) text: Bernadette suddenly jumps back from the medicine cabinet.
15) 4) dialog: (whispering) Someone’s in there.
15) 6) dialog: I thought I saw'a light go on. They both start to giggle. Helen closes the mirrored door the cabinet.
15) 7) dialog: Creepy, eh? Helen grins.
16) 0) text: Helen is driving, Bernadette is next to her. Both are dressed formally, both seem tense. Bernadette goes throug her bag. We see its contents; a can of Mace, an alarm. Helen sees her do this.
16) 2) dialog: You're the one who got us dressed up like cops.
16) 4) dialog: We look like cops. They both look at the barren landscape around them. The shattered vacant lots are a no-man’s land leading to the ghetto. Beyond, the grimy towers of Cabrini Green rise ov the horizon.
16) 5) dialog: (consulting the map) Take a left at the lights...
17) 0) text: Helen and Bernadette drive slowly through Cabrini. Guardi the entrances to the building are groups of Gangbangers. They stare at the passing car.
17) 6) dialog: (hurriedly consulting the map) Umn... I think...
17) 8) dialog: No... no need... go straight. They are approaching a highrise, some of its windows boar up with planks and metal shutters. The entrance covered i graffiti. A gash of color against the monotone cinderbloc
17) 12) dialog: No...of course not...
17) 14) dialog: (not moving) That's not it. Helen looks at her suspicious.
17) 15) dialog: We may look like cops. But how d'you walk like a cop?
18) 0) text: Bernadette gets out of the car after Helen. She tries the cop walk. The Gangbangers watch their approach.
19) 0) text: Helen and Bernadette stand in the small entrance hall. Shattered mail boxes opposite steel elevator doors. Every available surface is covered in graffiti; multiple layers designs, names, incomprehensible scrawl. An explosion of discordant primary colors. i Inside the building seems so derelict and unwelcoming tha human being could inhabit it. Helen and Bernadette walk t the elevators and push the call button. The Gangbangers watch. There is a long pause. Bernadette feels eyes borin holes in the back of her neck. Then one of the Gangbanger gives a short laugh. Helen calls the elevator again. It i clearly not working. Helen turns determinedly and leads : Bernadette to the stairwell. They start to walk upstairs.
20) 0) text: The windows are boarded and there are no lights. We follo Helen and Bernadette as they climb the stairs, which twis right angles every ten steps. Each corner is totally blin who knows what may lie ahead. They hear the Gangbangers shouting up the stairweil, voices echoing.
21) 0) text: Helen and Bernadette emerge onto a ramp. A grille is fixe across the balcony like a prison. As they walk along, a giant message is revealed, painted in extravagant colors the opposite wall. It reads:
21) 4) dialog: Someone could be in there. Helen shrugs and knocks loudly on the battered door.
21) 6) dialog: (joking to cover her fear) Don't go in there...
22) 1) dialog: Jesus, it stinks! They move past a disemboweled couch, deeper into the gloo Their feet squelch on the sodden carpet. The walls are covered in scrawl. Helen moves along the short corridor t the bathroom. HELEN . See... I was right. The layout is identical... This must be the bathroom... The door is shut. Helen goes to open it.
22) 2) dialog: Helen!
22) 4) dialog: A woman died in there... leave it. Helen ignores her. Bernadette turns away as she opens the bathroom door.
22) 7) dialog: That's where he crawled through, right?
22) 13) dialog: (pause) Well, we found it. Let's go. Helen is taking pictures of the bathroom.
22) 16) dialog: ” You’re not serious!
22) 18) dialog: Then what's the big deal? We shouldn't be hear.
22) 20) dialog: Of course I do.
22) 23) dialog: Be careful. Helen looks back at Bernadette through the hole and disappears through blackness. 26. She
24) 0) text: We PULL BACK with Helen as she scrambles through the seco hole. The CAMERA reveals something she has not yet seen: A VAST HEAD has been sprayed onto the bare cinderblock ar the hole, which is placed centrally like a mouth. Cheekbo jutting through the dark skin; teeth sharpened to irregul points, all converging on the hole. It is a face filled w ruined beauty, at one terrifying and perversely attractiv A nightmarish vision, to be sure, but somewhere in his ey is a melancholy. Helen turns and sees the painting. His eyes fix merciless She raises her camera. There is a whirring sound as she h come to the end of a roll of film. Her bag with the replacements, she left with Bernadette.
25) 4) text: Bernadette jumps, and then helps Helen out of the hole.
25) 6) dialog: No way! She closes the medicine cabinet door. As she does so a figure is revealed reflected in the mirror, standing behi them. They spin round. The figure is silhouetted against the daylight from the doorway.
25) 10) dialog: We're leaving... Helen shoots Bernadette a look and approaches Anne-Marie.
27) 11) dialog: We'll get out of your way.
28) 0) text: PURCELL, a man grown obese on the delights of the lecture circuit, holds court at a table. he is flanked by Trevor ARCHIE — Bernadette’s husband — a man who has a habit of
28) 8) dialog: We'd really appreciate that, Purcell.
28) 18) dialog: I’m sure in a week or so we'll have something for you. It’s just that we only went to Cabrini today and— Purcell’s eyes light up.
46) 0) text: Bernadette embraces Helen.
46) 1) dialog: It’s so good to have you back. Helen’s bruises are almost healed.
46) 6) dialog: That guy is evil, you got him put away. That’s all that matters. They are approaching a parking structure.
47) 0) text: Helen and Bernadette descend in the elevator.
47) 1) dialog: Oh, I have a surprise for you. She reaches in her bag and produces a box of slides.
47) 3) dialog: Yes! A friend of mine in the photography department managed to rescue most of them.
47) 5) dialog: That’s not all. I’ve been in touch with some publishers. There’s a lot of interest, since you made the local section! Helen’s eyes light up.
47) 6) text: “We did it, didn’t we? They embrace again and then Bernadette leaves to find her car. Bernadette shouts back to Helen as the doors close.
47) 7) dialog: I’ll be in around nine and we’ll get started.
67) 0) text: Bernadette waits. The doorknob turns. Bernadette smiles expecting to see Helen on the threshold. The door swings open.
67) 1) dialog: (puzzled) Helen? She enters the apartment. INT. HELEN’S APARTMENT - DAY 100 Bernadette walks into the apartment. Candyman is nowhere be seen. Bernadette is shocked at the sight of the gash i the wall.
67) 2) dialog: (calling) Helen? Helen? She move further into the apartment.
68) 0) text: Helen crouched on the floor. She is shocked to hear wBernadette’s voice. ,
69) 0) text: Bernadette moves quickly towards Helen’s voice.
69) 1) dialog: Helen! My God!! What’s going on?
71) 0) text: Bernadette is confused.
71) 1) dialog: What?