0) 27) dialog: It looks more like the "Straub  ruins".
0) 38) dialog: How old is this shack, anyway?
0) 88) dialog: Ellen!
0) 90) dialog: Ellen, are you alright? Claudia has already started unpacking the carton. Ellen quickly switches the radio off.  She tries to act a if nothing happened.
0) 96) dialog: Don't rejoice too soon.  The  bill is already on it's way. They toast with their bottles.  Ellen takes herself a  cigarette.  Martin notices it with disapproval.
0) 97) dialog: I still can't picture it: The  two of you as country folk.   I'm telling you, in six weeks  you'll be back in the city.
0) 106) text: "Wake up, wake up, it's break  of day."  Paul and Claudia have  already left, you sleepyhead. Ellen hides under her blanket.  Martin sets down the tray
0) 352) dialog: Surprise! Ellen hugs them, her mind still halfway on Martin.
0) 362) dialog: I'm impressed!  You two have  really gotten quite a bit done,  already. The sack with the Scrabble-letters is passed on to Ellen. She reaches inside.
0) 364) dialog: I really wouldn't have thought  you two could stand it out here  for this long.  To tell the  truth, we even have some bets  going with a couple of  people... But Ellen isn't paying attention to Claudia's words any  more.  Terrified, she stares at her Scrabble-stones, whic she has already put together.  The letters form the words
0) 369) dialog: My hero. They kiss. Ellen lines up her newly drawn stones in front of herself again.  Martin watches her. Ellen cannot believe her eyes.  Again, her letter  combination spells out:
0) 371) dialog: Ellen, what's wrong? It takes Ellen a moment to answer.
0) 374) text: Oh, "three days".  A new  message! He turns to Paul and Claudia.
0) 377) text: Hooooo... Claudia looks back and forth between Martin and Ellen.  S realizes how serious the situation is.  As opposed to Pau who pulls out a news ARTICLE.
0) 384) text: How thoughtful of you! An unpleasant moment of silence.  Ellen looks at Claudia  and Paul - she doesn't want to make a fool of herself.
0) 388) dialog: What's this going on between  you two?
0) 390) dialog: But nothing got any better? Ellen's eyes wander over the vast landscape of moors whic the darkness of the night has transformed into a surreal  shadow painting.
0) 392) dialog: You have to give him some time,  Ellen.  He's under enormous  pressure right now.  He hasn't  written a single decent  sentence since the accident. Ellen takes a last long drag from her cigarette, throws i on the ground and puts it out with her foot.
0) 737) dialog: Surprise! Paul is carrying a package under his arm.  He walks  straight past Martin, to Ellen.  Martin and Claudia follo him.