0) 21) dialog: (playful)
0) 29) dialog: The lap of nature.  Where's  your famous optimism? Two REMOVAL MEN climb out of the truck.  One of them is  still chewing on his lunch. He points at his watch as he addresses Martin.
0) 32) text: Sure, take your time. (to Ellen)
0) 37) dialog: Although it would give you a  perfect opportunity to visit  our new wine cellar.
0) 39) dialog: Four hundred years.  Come on,  I'll give you a tour of the  museum... (blinking an eye at Martin 
0) 63) dialog: You do that.  But first, eat  your breakfast, Tommi. Now, Thomas reacts.  He puts the Game-boy on the table.   He continues the game with one hand, while he obediently  shovels the breakfast cereal into his mouth with the othe
0) 65) dialog: (joking)
0) 68) dialog: Come on, say it.  You know... Martin seems to know exactly what Ellen wants to hear.
0) 70) dialog: Say it anyway.  Come on, how  much do you love me?
0) 72) text: "With you, my life began  and with you shall it end..." Ellen gives him her most beautiful smile.  Martin respond with a short kiss.   At the same time, they hear the Game-boy fall to the floo It immediately draws their attention to Thomas. The little boy is desperately gasping for air.  His face already starting to turn blue. Martin runs to him.
0) 74) dialog: What is it?  What's wrong with  him? Thomas coughs, choking, but he can't get his throat clear Martin recognizes the situation.
0) 76) text: This is serious!  Quick, call  emergency! Ellen hurries to the phone. Martin realizes that hitting Thomas' back is not doing an good.  He uses his finger to try to get the swallowed pie out of his son's throat. For Thomas, it is a battle against death. Ellen has gotten through to the emergency line.  She spea into the phone with distress.
0) 77) dialog: This is Straub.  You have to  come, fast!  My son, he  swallowed something... Quick,  he's choking to death... Martin's attempts at helping his son remain futile.  Thom is beginning to lose conscience. Martin sweeps the table free of dishes in a single move a lays the little boy down flat.  He reaches for a sharp  fruit knife. Ellen comes running.
0) 78) dialog: What are you doing? Martin holds the tip of the knife to the boy's throat.   It's not easy, since his son is wildly kicking around  himself.
0) 80) dialog: (horrified)
0) 84) dialog: Too high, you're way too far  up... you have to cut here... She points at the spot below the larynx while holding her little son tight.
0) 86) dialog: Oh God, Tommi... Martin prepares to cut, but he can't - his trembling hand refuses to move.  Endless seconds pass.  The voices blur, like in a dream.  The music playing on the radio seems to become louder and louder (Life could be a Dream).
0) 87) dialog: What's the matter?  Come on,  cut... Martin looks up at his wife.  He can't do it.
0) 91) dialog: I'm fine.  I was just  distracted for a moment. Claudia notices how upset her friend is and wants to put  her arm around Ellen's shoulder.   But just then, the removal men push their way past them  with a cupboard. Claudia drops the issue with a look of sympathy.
0) 106) text: "Wake up, wake up, it's break  of day."  Paul and Claudia have  already left, you sleepyhead. Ellen hides under her blanket.  Martin sets down the tray
0) 108) dialog: How romantic! He playfully burrows around under the blanket, making sil grunting sounds. Ellen giggles.  Suddenly, Martin sticks his head out.
0) 109) dialog: (laughing)
0) 112) text: You'll never get away from me! He grabs her and pulls her under the blanket.  Ellen  screams, and laughs.
0) 114) dialog: So, how does it feel to be  kissed by two women?
0) 116) dialog: Me and the muse, of course.   How is your book coming along? He grins and takes her in his arms.
0) 118) dialog: Well then, I guess I'd better  leave the two of you alone.   But don't forget... Martin finishes her thought.
0) 121) dialog: (irritated)
0) 124) dialog: Yeah.  It is, kind of. She puts the picture back and leaves.
0) 126) dialog: Martin? Suddenly, Martin's voice comes from behind the armchair.
0) 128) dialog: What kind of a horrible thing  is that?
0) 130) dialog: I mean the armchair!
0) 132) dialog: I don't know. Martin is still fighting with the TV-set, trying to find channel.
0) 133) dialog: Maybe the antenna's broken.
0) 135) dialog: Hey... the fuse.
0) 137) dialog: Do you know where fuse box is?
0) 142) dialog: Boo! Martin spins around, startled.
0) 144) dialog: I wanted to know what's taking  you so long.  You've been down  here forever.   (looks around, shivering)
0) 146) dialog: We'll sure be sorting a bunch  of this stuff out. Martin points to the fuse box.
0) 148) dialog: We'll call for someone from  town first thing in the  morning.
0) 150) dialog: Do you have a better idea?
0) 152) dialog: You?
0) 154) dialog: My father was a pilot.  And do  I know how to fly? There's a lot more Ellen would like to say about this, bu she contends herself with a meaningful look.
0) 155) dialog: Just do me a favor and don't  get yourself roasted! Martin fumbles with one of the bigger switches, finally  flips it to the other side.  Click!  The catacomb is lit: lonely 40-Watt lamp dangling from the ceiling casts a dim light. Martin gives Ellen a triumphant smile.
0) 159) dialog: Yes, daddy. She gives him a hasty kiss and walks to the car.
0) 161) dialog: Well, if you won't let me smoke  grass, then at least I'll go  get myself some cigarettes.  Ellen gets in the car and takes off. Martin contemplatively watches her go.
0) 166) dialog: What are you doing?
0) 169) dialog: I just had a really strange  experience. Martin gives her a questioning look.
0) 170) dialog: On an ordinary traffic sign, I  read... Ellen interrupts her sentence.  She's just too embarrasse to say it.
0) 171) dialog: Oh, nothing.  I guess I just  still haven't recovered as well  as I try to make everyone  believe. Martin puts his arm around her and holds her close.
0) 172) dialog: Maybe I should talk to Dr. Roth  about it.
0) 174) dialog: I have a funny feeling.  Do you  think we'll get over all that's  happened?
0) 176) dialog: Cherry-red Tears.
0) 178) dialog: Cherry-red Tears, your first  book.  I read it at least nine  times.  And then I found out  you were going to attend some  kind of book fair.
0) 180) dialog: I was so excited about meeting  you.  Again and again, I kept  getting in the back of the line  so I could be the last to talk  to you.
0) 182) text: "With you, my life began  and with you shall it end..." This sentence strikes a chord within Ellen.  It hardens h heart.
0) 183) dialog: Don't say that.  Please. A short moment of silence.  Ellen's eyes well up with  tears.
0) 184) dialog: I miss Tommi so much.
0) 186) dialog: Do you really think anything  can ever be like it was before?
0) 188) dialog: If we stand a chance at all,  it's only by sticking together. Martin gives her a tender kiss.  The fire casts a warming shine on the two of them and the old house - in the  loneliness of the moors.
0) 195) dialog: Hello.  Can I help you?
0) 197) dialog: No, I've never seen him before.
0) 199) dialog: Ellen Straub.
0) 201) dialog: Do I look like it that much?
0) 203) dialog: You're from around here, aren't  you?  There's something I've  been wondering about the whole  time:  This house, why has it  been empty all these years?  I  mean, I doubt if it was the  price. Lindner suddenly turns evasive and cool.
0) 206) dialog: Wait, won't you join me for a  cup of coffee? He turns down the offer, a touch too vehemently.
0) 209) dialog: Someone from the village. She turns around to face him.
0) 210) dialog: Martin, there's something I...  uh... need to tell you about.
0) 214) dialog: Martin, it's not funny!
0) 216) dialog: Well, apparently it was a big  mistake to try talking to you.  Don't you remember what we  promised to each other?   Honesty - trust!
0) 218) dialog: Well, excuse me for having  bothered you with my problems. She leaves the living room and walks out on Martin.
0) 221) dialog: Now, what did I do to deserve  this?
0) 224) dialog: Tastes awful. She grins.  Martin returns a smile.
0) 227) dialog: Martin... Martin stops at the bottom of the staircase.
0) 228) dialog: ...Maybe you're right and I  just need to get some sleep.   Don't worry.  I'll get settled  in sooner or later.
0) 235) dialog: Tommi...? The voice clearly echoes through the house.  (It sounds  like Thomas' call before the accident.)
0) 237) dialog: (whispering)
0) 238) text: Martin... did you hear that? No chance - Martin only mumbles a few unintelligible word and continues to sleep. Ellen gets out of bed.
0) 243) dialog: Tommi? She cannot believe her eyes. It really is her little Thomas!  He smiles.  There is  something about the way he moves that makes it look as if he's floating.
0) 244) dialog: (louder)
0) 245) text: Tommi! The little boy laughs.  He turns around and runs away in  the grass; as if in play. Ellen snaps out of her stiffness and chases after him. The small figure slowly disappears in the increasingly ta grass.
0) 247) dialog: Tommi, wait! But the little boy keeps running further. Ellen follows him, but her path grows increasingly  toilsome.  Her feet sink deeper and deeper into the moor. Now, the child is out of sight. Ellen is devastated.  She trips and falls to the ground. The swamp encloses her.  Ellen fights against the marsh  that she is sinking into deeper and deeper. Suddenly, the little boy steps back out of the darkness. He stays a few feet away from Ellen.  He smiles as he  watches Ellen sink into the deadly swamp. With a sudden jerk, an unknown force pulls her down into  the moor.  She is swallowed by the earth.
0) 253) dialog: (calling to Martin)
0) 254) text: Yeah... I have to go to town. Ellen enters the kitchen.  She hastily stuffs the bed- sheets into the washing machine.
0) 255) dialog: Is there anything you need? She turns the washing machine on and heads for the door.
0) 257) dialog: (to the dog)
0) 260) text: No, thanks.  I have everything  I need.  Drive safely, you  hear? Ellen is already out the door.  She pulls it shut behind  her.
0) 265) dialog: Listen, it's one thing to have  a guilt complex. But I know the  difference between when I'm  overstrung and when I'm seeing  things that are simply not  there!  Besides, it only began  after we moved!
0) 268) dialog: And that is?
0) 276) dialog: What is this?
0) 279) dialog: We just moved there.
0) 281) text: One time, when I was in  college, we examined a swamp  corpse in pathology.  They had  excavated it there. Now he has Ellen's attention.
0) 283) dialog: Dr. Schleth. The doctor stops at the door.
0) 284) dialog: What do you believe happens to  a human after he dies? The otherwise reserved Dr. Schleth suddenly seems very  human.
0) 288) dialog: Hey, girl!  Here, I brought you  something. She takes a collar with a little bell on it out of her  purse and puts it around the dog's neck.
0) 289) dialog: Now all we need is a name for  you.  How about Clara - okay,  then: Clara. She walks to the house door.  The dog follows her inside if it were the most natural thing to do.  The bell jingle
0) 291) dialog: Hi, love.  Trouble with the  fuses again? Martin locks the door behind him.
0) 294) dialog: Why not?  She can guard the  house.  By the way, I gave her  a name: Clara. She pets the dog, not noticing the frown on Martin's face
0) 296) dialog: I went to see Prof. Roth!  You  know, I had another one of  those dreams last night.  I saw  Tommi! Suddenly, the look on Martin's face softens again.  He  takes Ellen into his arms to comfort her.
0) 298) dialog: You know, Martin, since we  moved to this house...  sometimes I just get the  feeling that the past is  catching up to us again... Martin interrupts her with unexpected ill temper and free himself from the hug.
0) 300) dialog: But that's not the point!   What if all these things are  somehow connected?
0) 304) dialog: (to the dog)
0) 309) dialog: (quietly reads to herself)
0) 310) text: "...certain places arouse  recollections and links within  us..." Suddenly, Ellen hears a voice behind her.
0) 312) dialog: Yes, of course... I'll take it. She places the book on the counter.  All of a sudden, the sales lady has turned into the world's most friendly  person.  Ellen follows her to the cash register and gives her the book. The sales lady skeptically eyes the psychology book while she notes the price. Ellen puts the money on the counter and turns to leave th store, when the sales lady speaks up again.
0) 314) dialog: Martin Straub, yes.
0) 317) dialog: Well, I've got to get going...  'bye. Ellen walks out of the shop.  The sales lady keeps talkin Her eyes are cold.
0) 321) dialog: Come on, Clara.  Let's get out  of here. Just as she sets out for her car, she discovers Karl  Lindner and his wife.  He seems to want to pass by her  without saying hello.
0) 322) dialog: Mr. Lindner! Lindner realizes he has no way out of this situation.
0) 325) dialog: Ellen.
0) 327) dialog: In the moor? What do you mean  by that? Mrs. Lindner wants to answer something, but her husband  heads her off.
0) 337) dialog: It seems to be going well for  you. Martin continues to type as he speaks.
0) 339) dialog: In the village.  Look what I  found. She opens the book to a certain page and holds it under h nose. Martin is annoyed for having to interrupt his work.
0) 341) dialog: (reads out loud)
0) 344) text: Ellen, what are you trying to  prove, anyway?  That we've  created ourselves a ghost?   Come on! Ellen persistently tries to get through to him.
0) 345) dialog: It's just a feeling.  Don't you  sense it, too?
0) 347) dialog: The house - Tommi - something  just doesn't jive here... Suddenly, Martin's voice gets disproportionately loud.
0) 350) dialog: I haven't the slightest idea. When she sees that Martin does not intend to answer the  door, Ellen goes downstairs herself.
0) 353) dialog: Well, this really is a  surprise!  Come on in! Martin comes downstairs.  He seems anything but pleased b the company. Paul gives him a jovial pat on the shoulder.
0) 361) dialog: Paul, you and your stories...  I've really missed you! Claudia looks around the living room.  Apparently, she  likes what she's seeing.
0) 363) dialog: What do you think?  We worked  our fingers to the bone and  now, we're both about to have a  nervous breakdown. Ellen places the letters on the table in front of her and begins to shuffle them back and forth.
0) 367) dialog: I pass. Paul is pleased.  He puts down his word.
0) 372) dialog: I just got exactly the same  letters for the second time. She gives Martin a significant look and shows him her  letter-board.  This time, she has proof!
0) 377) text: Hooooo... Claudia looks back and forth between Martin and Ellen.  S realizes how serious the situation is.  As opposed to Pau who pulls out a news ARTICLE.
0) 379) dialog: Let me see that! Ellen takes the article.  The picture underneath shows Ka Lindner in police uniform, 23 years younger. Before she even has a chance to read the article, Martin  grabs the newspaper out of her hands. He crumples up the paper and angrily turns to Paul.
0) 381) dialog: What do you think you're doing,  anyway?  Now give me back that  article! Martin shows no sign of reaction.
0) 383) dialog: (sarcastic)
0) 384) text: How thoughtful of you! An unpleasant moment of silence.  Ellen looks at Claudia  and Paul - she doesn't want to make a fool of herself.
0) 385) dialog: Excuse me for a moment. She storms out of the room. Paul and Claudia both look a bit sheepish. Martin holds the article to a candle and burns it in an  ashtray. 
0) 389) dialog: Oh, I don't know.  I was hoping  things would get better once we  moved.
0) 391) dialog: Lately, Martin hasn't been his  normal self.  The work, the  relocation...
0) 393) dialog: Yes, I know.  I try my best.   It's just that... sometimes I  wonder if we made a mistake by  moving here.
0) 411) dialog: Oh, sure.  I'm just a little...  dizzy. She hastily grabs the dog's food dish and fills it. -  Simply to be doing something; anything.
0) 412) dialog: I ought to give Clara something  to eat. Ellen goes outside.
0) 414) dialog: Clara! Nothing stirs.
0) 415) dialog: Come here, Clara!  I've got  something yummy for you. Then, she catches sight of something dark lying a bit awa in the grass. Ellen puts down the dog food and runs toward the spot. There, lying in the tall grass she finds the dog.  It's  dead!  It looks as if a wild animal had attacked Clara.
0) 416) dialog: Oh, no! (loud)
0) 418) dialog: (screams)
0) 421) dialog: Look at this!  The dog!  She's  dead! Martin shows no reaction.  He doesn't even seem to find i worth the trouble to go over to Ellen who is still kneeli in the grass.
0) 423) dialog: Old?!  Come look at this!  She  has wounds.  Wounds on her  head.  Like thrashes.  Or  bites.
0) 425) dialog: (furious)
0) 435) dialog: Thank you. Ellen enters the house.
0) 438) dialog: I really hate to bother him,  but...
0) 444) dialog: You only draw flowers?  A  little unusual for a former  policeman. Lindner obstinately continues to work on his painting.
0) 446) dialog: 1976.  What happened back then? With a heavy heart, he puts down his paintbrush and turns to face Ellen.
0) 448) dialog: I appreciate your concern, but  we live in that house.  I need  to know what happened in there. Lindner turns back to his painting and continues to draw. He seems introverted, as if he were talking to himself.
0) 450) dialog: What made him do it? Lindner doesn't answer.
0) 451) dialog: That man, is he still alive?   Where is he?  Can I talk to  him? Lindner turns around to her again.  This time, he looks  determined.
0) 453) dialog: If there's one thing I've  learned lately, it's that you  can not run away from the past.   Believe me. She leaves the old policeman behind.  Once alone, he lowe his eyes.
0) 458) dialog: Thank you.  Elisabeth, I didn't  mean to... Mrs. Lindner puts it off with a smile.
0) 460) dialog: But what is the truth?
0) 465) dialog: Excuse me, I'm looking for  Frank Kosinski. The young man is of the silly, bored type.
0) 468) dialog: Sorry? The social worker grins.  He seems to think he's very  funny.
0) 471) dialog: (softly, to the old lady)
0) 475) dialog: Thank you. The old lady keeps on persisting.
0) 478) text: Poor girl.  She only has two  more days to live, you know. Ellen stops.  She turns on her heels and runs back. She excitedly stops the wheelchair and leans over to the  old lady.
0) 479) dialog: What was that?  What did you  say? The old lady doesn't seem to recognize her any more.
0) 481) dialog: What you just said, about the  two days...
0) 484) dialog: I'm sorry...  I guess I was  mistaken. She quickly turns her back to this embarrassing situation and leaves.
0) 488) dialog: Mr. Kosinski? The old man takes no notice of her.  Ellen steps up to hi obviously feeling very uncomfortable about it.
0) 489) dialog: Mr. Kosinski, my name is Ellen  Straub.  I live in your house  out in Goldmoor... I mean, the  house where you used to live.   There are a few questions I  would like to ask you. Kosinski does not react.  He seems so lost in his own wor that he hasn't even registered her presence.  He stubborn continues sorting his papers.
0) 490) dialog: Mr. Kosinski!  Can you hear me? She waves her hand in front of his face.  No reaction. Ellen realizes that she'll have to come up with something else. She walks to one of the shelves and pulls out a file titl "1976".  Leafs through it.  She finds the article that Pa had brought the other night. She lays it on the desk, right in front of Kosinski's nos
0) 491) dialog: 1976 - What happened back then?   You... Now, she has his attention.  As if she had pushed the  button of a tape recorder, Kosinski immediately begins to recite the article.  He seems to know it by heart.
0) 495) dialog: Yes.  That's right.  What  happened back then? Although Kosinski has the news article right in front of  him, he seems to be staring at the air.  Ellen tests him taking away the news report.  Kosinski continues to recit
0) 497) dialog: Okay, fine.  I read that.  It's  written in the article.  What I  want to know is:  What really  happened back then? Kosinski mechanically continues to speak.  Absolutely  inanimate.
0) 499) dialog: August 17, 1869.
0) 502) dialog: Could I please speak with him  alone for a moment?
0) 504) dialog: I'll be fine.  Thank you. The nurse leaves the cell with a frown. Ellen takes Kosinski's chair and turns him around.  She  looks straight into his blank eyes.
0) 505) dialog: I am starting to get the  impression that all of this is  some kind of bad joke:  I'm  seeing things that are not  there, my own husband is  becoming a total stranger and  your old friend Lindner won't  tell me what he knows.  I have  no idea what you're trying to  prove with this performance of  yours, but I am not leaving  this room before I hear the  truth. No reaction.  Kosinski continues to stare at nothing in  particular.  Ellen gives up.  Shaking her head, she turns to the door.
0) 507) dialog: What? Suddenly, Kosinski seems to have snapped out of his  "autism".  He is holding an old book in his hands.  The  book contains clippings, notes and among others, a page  that seems to have been torn out of another book. It is an etching from the Middle Ages illustrating a man  being pushed into the swamp by several villagers. Ellen reads the text underneath the illustration:
0) 508) dialog: "...Execution in the moor..." All of a sudden, Kosinski grabs Ellen and pulls her close His eyes have a feverish glow.
0) 512) dialog: (sarcastic)
0) 515) dialog: What is going on down there,  anyway?  Why am I not supposed  to go in the cellar? Martin stops at the base of the stairway.
0) 517) dialog: Martin, we need to talk.  I've  done some research.  This  lovely house of ours has a  history of murder cases. Martin does not stop walking, but his eyes show alarm.
0) 518) dialog: Anyone who ever lived in this  house either quickly moved back  out, or fell victim to strange  accidents, or ended up killing  each other.
0) 520) dialog: I know you don't believe me,  but at least hear me out.   Don't tell me you haven't  noticed that we've been going  through some strange changes  since we moved here! We hardly talk to each other  any more, you're writing like a  madman and I'm having these  visions. Martin does not interrupt his work. Ellen slams the articles from Kosinski on his keyboard.
0) 521) dialog: Here, look at this!  Did you  know that our house is built  right on a spot where during  the Middle Ages people were  executed?  They simply threw  the convicts into the moors,  alive. Martin shakes his head.  He smiles and shoves the article aside.
0) 523) dialog: This house, the whole damned  area around here is one mass  grave...  Now you might call me  crazy, but there is something  negative about the place.
0) 525) text: "There is something negative  about the place..."  What the  hell are you trying to say?   Come on!  Spit it out! Ellen twists around.
0) 526) dialog: It's like... a sickness!  And  it's gotten into our heads. Now Martin gets aggressive.
0) 528) dialog: Damn it, look at you!  Don't  you see what's happening with  you?  We need to get out of  here, don't you understand?   Out of this house! Martin threatens her with his forefinger.
0) 530) dialog: (hollers)
0) 531) text: To hell with your damned work! In a rash action, she suddenly pushes his computer monito off of the desk. Martin jumps up from his chair.  He grabs Ellen by the  throat and pushes her against the wall.  Throbbing veins his forehead.
0) 534) dialog: (sobbing)
0) 535) text: Martin... oh my God... what's  happening to us... The house is dead-silent.  Only the sound of Martin typin on his computer keyboard in his study. Suddenly, Ellen hears a noise - very quiet.  It is the  RINGING of a bell. Ellen looks up. There it is again, very clearly:  It's the bell on the  collar of the dead dog.
0) 536) dialog: (quietly, to herself)
0) 537) text: Clara...? She stands up and heads for the staircase.  Cautiously. A shadow rushes through the entrance hall - the shadow of dog. Ellen sneaks down the steps.  Her eyes scan the darkness.
0) 543) dialog: No... The boy steps out of the shadow.
0) 545) dialog: My son is dead... The little boy comes closer.  Now, he is standing right i front of Ellen.  He raises his hands as if he wanted to b hugged.  Again, his sad voice repeats:
0) 547) dialog: My God, Tommi. Tears run down her cheeks.  She holds the child close.  B what she doesn't see: The boy's mean smile behind her bac Suddenly, there is a strange transformation:  Running  through Ellen's fingers - little at first, but then more  and more:  mud! Thomas' body has turned into liquid in her arms.  Ellen i devastated. Right before her eyes, the child dissolves into swamp mud It drains away and disappears in the floor. Time seems to stand still. Suddenly, Ellen is grabbed by the hair and torn around. It's Martin!  He stares at her resentfully.
0) 549) dialog: Martin, what-
0) 552) dialog: Martin, damnit, what are you up  to?  Let go of me!
0) 555) dialog: What are you talking about- Ellen tries to find a way to free herself.  But she hardl stands a chance against Martin's strength.
0) 561) dialog: I've killed my husband!
0) 563) dialog: I think I've killed him.   Martin, my husband, I've killed  him!  That is, I'm not sure,  but... Prof. Roth immediately takes her arm and leads her to a  sofa.
0) 565) dialog: (hectic, loud)
0) 569) dialog: I... I don't know which part of  it all really happened... It's  all one big nightmare... Prof. Roth sees that she is not able to think clearly at  the moment.
0) 577) dialog: Professor Roth? The man turns around: It's Martin! He is wearing his best suit.  He shows no signs of a woun Ellen wants to call for help, but Martin is already up ne to her and holds her mouth shut with his hand.
0) 580) text: Shh... everything will be fine.   Tomorrow, it will all be over.   Just don't try to fight it. Ellen has found the button, but the medication is faster: She doesn't have enough strength to push the button any  more. Her tired eyes blink and fall shut for a moment...
0) 588) dialog: Martin, for heaven's sake, tie  me loose! Martin seriously shakes his head.
0) 590) dialog: Ready?  For what?  This is  crazy!  Don't you see what's  going on here? He moves closer to her, caresses her cheek.
0) 592) dialog: You knew! Martin slowly leans over and kisses her.  Ellen tries to  turn her head away, but Martin holds it tight.  Barbaric there is nothing tender about this kiss.
0) 594) dialog: We loved each other once.  Have  you forgotten that? Martin seems bitter.
0) 614) dialog: (screams)
0) 615) text: Help!  Help, I'm in here!  Help  me! She listens if anyone heard her calling. It's useless.  Lindner has already started his car, and  drives off.  The sound of his car engine fades away in th distance. Ellen is desperate.
0) 621) dialog: (quietly)
0) 622) text: Damn. She presses her face flat against the floor and looks  underneath the door crack. There, on the other side, is the key. Suddenly, the hammering stops. Ellen holds her breath...
0) 666) dialog: Ellen Straub here.  You have to  help me...
0) 669) dialog: ... please come right away!  My  address is... CLICK!  The conversation is cut off.  The line is dead. But Ellen hardly notices it anymore.  Her eyes are glued the monitor.  Something about it has drawn her full  attention. Her name is written on the monitor screen!  Ellen begins read in disbelief.
0) 670) dialog: (reads)
0) 671) text: "Ellen woke up from the sound  of the door.  She barely  managed to raise her head in  order to see who the visitor  might be.  His back turned to  Ellen, the man pulled a  wheelchair into the hospital  room.  When he turned around,  she recognized him with horror:  Martin!" Ellen's eyes grow wider with every word she reads.  The  text abruptly stops here. Martin must have known everything!  Her whole story,  everything that happened to her, is described in his new  novel.
0) 672) dialog: What the hell... From outside, we hear Martin's voice loud and clear.  He  finishes her sentence for her:
0) 675) dialog: My God, Martin.  I don't  understand all this.  How is it  possible? Slowly and threateningly, Martin comes closer.  In his  hands, the hammer.
0) 677) dialog: Stay where you are!  Not one  step closer! Martin isn't fazed that easily.
0) 681) dialog: The moor... Martin walks up to her, threateningly.  Ellen scrambles t her feet.  She is hurt.  But Martin walks past her and  steps into the center of the dark cellar. Ellen glances back at the cellar door which is still open Suddenly, an invisible force slams it shut.
0) 683) dialog: 'HE'?  Whom do you mean- Instead of answering, he gently puts his finger on her  mouth.
0) 687) dialog: Your book - that's why you were  always in the cellar! Just then, a figure steps out of the darkness.  It is the little son Thomas.  Although he does not move his lips, h seems to be the source of the whispers. He stands next to Martin, who lays his arm around the boy shoulder.
0) 690) dialog: (laughs bitterly)
0) 692) dialog: (sharply)
0) 693) text: Martin, don't you understand?   Tommi is dead!  This... it  knows our weaknesses and it's  using them to bring us apart! Martin stays leaned down to Thomas and listens.  He throw a stealthy glance at Ellen.
0) 697) dialog: It's lying, don't you see?   This is all an illusion.  It  lied to us and to all of those  who were here before us... Martin's eyes are beaming with hate.  He does not notice  Ellen kicking for the shelf.  It slightly tips forward,  then back against the wall again.
0) 699) dialog: It wasn't your fault, you hear! Ellen gets another good kick against the shelf - it tips  over and collapses over Martin's head.  Ellen grabs the  chance to free herself. Martin furiously thrusts the shelf aside.  There is an ug wound on his forehead.
0) 700) dialog: Tommi is dead, you hear! But you and me, we're alive. Again, Ellen is backed up against the wall.  Martin steps up to her.  He is still holding the metal pipe.
0) 702) dialog: I love you, Martin! For a short moment, something seems to break inside of  Martin.  But then, he tightens his grip on her neck again Ellen is dazed, but she is not afraid any more.
0) 703) dialog: Then kill me, because... "With  you, my life began and with you  shall it end..." All of a sudden, some of Martin's strength seems to fail. His look freezes.  A single BLACK TEAR runs out of the  corner of his eye. Ellen grabs the metal pipe and shoves Martin away. She jumps over to Thomas...
0) 704) dialog: I love you!  Don't let a lie  come between us!  Look at this! ...and slashes the pipe at him. The metal penetrates the figure's "body" and destroys the illusion:  The facade of the little boy dissipates into  mud. For a second, Ellen believes to have seen the hideous  figure of a swamp corpse, but the creature instantly melt into the muddy water covering the cellar floor. At this very instant, a loud roll of thunder echoes  throughout the house. Martin abruptly loses all of his strength.  More and more liquid begins to flow out of his eyes.  The strands of mu slither down his body like countless snakes and vanish in the swamp water.  The house begins to quake.  More and more mud seeps in  through the cracks.  The cellar slowly floods.  The walls quiver. Ellen runs to the door:  It is shut tight - there is no w out. The moor is rising.  Ellen grabs Martin, who is still  unconscious and about to drown.  She tries to wake him up
0) 705) dialog: Martin!  We have to get out of  here! There is a sudden noise.  Ellen jumps. Something has started to move in the back corner of the  cellar:  A dark something arcs out of the water for a sho moment.  It isn't over, yet!
0) 706) dialog: My God... She vigorously tries to wake Martin, but he does not reac The "thing" is coming closer.  It languidly rolls forward Its shape remains hidden underneath the water's surface. Ellen feverishly searches for a way out.  She notices the small cellar hatch. The house quakes more violently; dust flakes down from th ceiling.  Ellen realizes that the entire house is slowly  sinking into the ground.  And at the same time, the moor rising dangerously high. She grabs Martin by the shoulders.  With all of her  strength, she somehow manages to pull him up onto a pile crates below the cellar hatch. The black thing is coming closer.  It rises up out of the moor. Ellen tries to heave Martin outside through the hatch - b she is not strong enough.  Still, she puts up a desperate fight against the odds. The already small opening of the hatch is growing smaller and smaller:  The tremendous foundations of the house are sinking deeper and deeper into the ground. Suddenly, a hand reaches in through the hatch and grabs a hold of Martin. Ellen starts.  She looks outside.  It's Lindner!
0) 709) text: Ellen! A brief moment of hesitation - then the old policeman  determinedly climbs down into the cellar.  By now, the mo has risen almost to his waist. Lindner wades through the thick liquid.  The surface is  smooth - no sign of Ellen. Then, she suddenly dives back up, gasping for air. Lindner immediately grabs her arm and helps her toward th hatch.
0) 710) dialog: It's right behind me. Lindner keeps calm.
0) 715) dialog: Come!  Quick! Lindner climbs onto the crates.   Again, the house quakes.  Single bricks break out of the  walls and ceiling. Ellen's curiosity wins over reason.  She takes a last loo into the cellar. There - in the dark back corner of the cellar - she sees  shriveled figures with hollow eyes, watching the two of  them in silence.  Swamp corpses. Lindner notices her horror, but still remains calm.  He  starts to climb out through the window hatch.
0) 717) dialog: Martin! Martin seems to be regaining conscience.  He opens his  eyes.   Ellen wants to say something, but the thunder in the  background suddenly swells up to an infernal noise. Walls collapse, bricks and rubble crash down - the entire house is swallowed by the depths of the moor. The three watch with open-mouthed horror. Then, silence. Ellen leans over to her husband. Martin is still totally worn out.  He moans.
0) 719) dialog: What?
0) 721) dialog: You're back. Martin's eyes are still glued to the spot where the house used to be.  He is still a bit disoriented.
0) 723) dialog: I wouldn't have made it by  myself. She looks at Lindner.
0) 725) dialog: Mr. Lindner! The old policeman stops by his car.
0) 726) dialog: Thank you. Lindner smiles.  Then, he steps into his car and drives  away. Ellen helps Martin to his feet.
0) 727) dialog: Can you walk? Martin is in pain, but brave.
0) 730) dialog: You don't remember? Martin shakes his head.
0) 731) dialog: It's a long story. Arm in arm, the two of them stagger to their car which is parked next to the entrance gate, the last remnant of the house. They get into the car and drive off. The car slowly vanishes in the distance, leaving behind t vast, swampy landscape where there was once a house.
0) 736) dialog: Are you expecting company? Martin shrugs his shoulders and walks to the door.  He  opens it to Paul and Claudia.
0) 739) dialog: Wow! - Considering how it all  came about... Paul tears open the box.  It contains several copies of  "You have 7 Days to Live".  Above the title, it reads:  Ellen and Martin Straub!
0) 743) dialog: It's about this publisher who  constantly gets on his authors'  nerves. Martin plays the ball back to her.
0) 746) dialog: ...and we mean: really mad! The voices slowly fade with the camera's growing distance