0) 22) text: Sir, we have arrived at your  residence. Martin blinks and takes the keys.
0) 23) dialog: Thank you, James. The two of them step out of the car.
0) 26) dialog: Ladies and gentlemen: The  "Straub country-residence".
0) 31) dialog: (sarcastic)
0) 35) dialog: The country residence offers  everything the doctor ordered  for a stressed author needs:  fresh air, clean water and -  most of all - absolute peace  and quiet. Paul walks upstairs.  The staircase creaks.
0) 44) dialog: Tenth floor.
0) 48) dialog: Shit! Martin draws back his hand.  He's hurt.
0) 50) dialog: Look at this.  The lock is  totally demolished.
0) 52) dialog: I mean, seriously: It is  strange, isn't it? Paul puts it off.  Only now does he have a better look  around the room.
0) 54) dialog: Twenty-three, to be exact.
0) 56) dialog: Yeah sure, I will. Give me a  little more time. Paul gives him a downcast look.
0) 58) dialog: I don't care about my career  right now, Paul.  Ellen and I  need to get our minds on other  things, first.  After  everything we've been through.
0) 61) dialog: Here, partner:  A breakfast for  champions. The little boy rolls his eyes and turns back to his Game- boy.
0) 64) dialog: Goes to show again who's in  command around here. Martin gives Ellen a playful pat on the behind and kisses her.
0) 66) text: Sometimes I get the feeling you  only love me for my body. Martin grins.
0) 67) dialog: Why else?
0) 69) dialog: Oh no, not again.  I just said  it for you last week. For a moment, the two of them stop paying attention to  their son.  Suddenly, Thomas grabs his throat.  He  swallowed wrong.  He chokes without making a sound.
0) 71) dialog: (quotes)
0) 72) text: "With you, my life began  and with you shall it end..." Ellen gives him her most beautiful smile.  Martin respond with a short kiss.   At the same time, they hear the Game-boy fall to the floo It immediately draws their attention to Thomas. The little boy is desperately gasping for air.  His face already starting to turn blue. Martin runs to him.
0) 73) dialog: Tommi, what's the matter? He pats Thomas on the back, attempting to clear his throa
0) 75) dialog: (yells)
0) 76) text: This is serious!  Quick, call  emergency! Ellen hurries to the phone. Martin realizes that hitting Thomas' back is not doing an good.  He uses his finger to try to get the swallowed pie out of his son's throat. For Thomas, it is a battle against death. Ellen has gotten through to the emergency line.  She spea into the phone with distress.
0) 79) dialog: I have to cut his windpipe...
0) 82) dialog: (screams)
0) 83) text: What else should I do, damn it,  he's dying! Again, Martin prepares to cut - he holds the knife to the larynx.  The boy's movements grow weaker.
0) 85) dialog: Ellen, move aside...
0) 95) dialog: To our hard-working wives.
0) 99) dialog: First things first.  Now it's  our turn - just the two of us. Martin's hand wanders over to Ellen's.  She reacts a bit  hesitantly at first, but then they hold each other tight.
0) 105) dialog: (acting gallant)
0) 106) text: "Wake up, wake up, it's break  of day."  Paul and Claudia have  already left, you sleepyhead. Ellen hides under her blanket.  Martin sets down the tray
0) 107) dialog: You're right.  Forget about  getting up.  We'll have  breakfast in bed. Ellen resurfaces with a grin.  She is still sleepy. Martin jumps into bed and crawls under the blanket.
0) 111) dialog: (with a grunting voice)
0) 115) dialog: They say it's fantastic.  At  least that's what I read in a  men's magazine.  So who are the  two lucky ones?
0) 117) dialog: Oh, the muse... we're still  having our differences.  You  know how it is with women.
0) 119) dialog: ... we wanted to take some time  out for ourselves.  I know.   And I'll only work a little  while, I promise. Just as Ellen prepares to leave, she catches sight of an  old photograph lying on top of one of the cartons.  She  picks it up and takes the dust off of it. Under the dust, she finds an old black and white picture a couple with very earnest looks.  The retouched, pitch- black eyes give the photo a somewhat eerie touch. All of a sudden, unexpectedly, the man on the photo turns his head. His dead eyes look straight at Ellen! Startled, she drops the picture to the floor. Martin spins around.
0) 120) dialog: What's the matter? Ellen hesitantly picks up the picture and looks at it  again.  It was only her imagination.  It is a normal, old black and white photo.
0) 122) text: Oh, nothing.  Where did this  picture come from? Martin turns back to his work.
0) 123) dialog: I found it here.  It's kind of  creepy, don't you think? Ellen makes a face.
0) 127) dialog: Damn! Martin pounds his flat hand against the television.  The  screen shows no image, only snow. Ellen sets down the tray.
0) 129) dialog: It still worked in town.
0) 131) dialog: Oh, that was upstairs.  A real  antiquity!  I think it's great. Ellen instinctively feels appalled by the old piece of  furniture.
0) 134) dialog: We're probably lucky that we  even have running water and  electricity!  Damned box! He hits the TV with his fist. Suddenly, everything is dark!
0) 136) dialog: Oh, damnit! He looks for a flashlight and switches it on.
0) 138) dialog: In the cellar, I think.   Wait, I'll take care of it. He leaves the room.
0) 140) dialog: (talking to himself)
0) 141) text: God, look at that... The cellar seems even older than the house.  It is a larg cold sandstone catacomb.  Several pillars support the  ceiling.  The walls are clammy and cold. Martin is standing in the darkness.  Something approaches him from behind - slowly, threateningly. Martin is looking for the blown fuse. The thing comes closer.  Finally, it grabs him.
0) 143) dialog: Jesus Christ! Ellen laughs.
0) 147) dialog: Look at this!  We'll have to  fix the whole wiring.  This  stuff is dangerous as hell.
0) 149) dialog: Are you crazy?  That costs a  fortune!
0) 151) dialog: I'll do it myself.
0) 153) dialog: My father was an electrician.   Already forgot that?
0) 158) dialog: Hey, flower child, the sixties  are over.  And this stuff is  hazardous to your health.
0) 160) dialog: Where are you going?
0) 162) dialog: That stuff is gonna end up  killing you.
0) 167) dialog: Making our very own solstice  fire. A match lights up.  The stacked furniture quickly catches fire. Only now does Martin notice the state his wife is in.
0) 168) dialog: Is everything alright?  Aren't  you feeling well?
0) 173) dialog: Hey, take your time.  You know  time heals better than any  shrink ever can. Arm in arm, Ellen and Martin stand by the burning pile of furniture, staring into the fire.
0) 175) dialog: We just have to make a new  beginning.
0) 177) dialog: What?
0) 179) dialog: Not a book fair.  I was signing  autographs in a department  store.
0) 181) dialog: And two months later, we got  married.  And all because of  one sentence: (quotes)
0) 185) dialog: So do I, believe me.
0) 187) dialog: Maybe different.  I don't know,  Ellen.
0) 208) dialog: Who was that?
0) 213) dialog: Okay, now let me see if I've  got this straight.  First you  get warnings from a road sign  and then from the weather  forecast.  Which one of us two  was the author again? Ellen feels disappointed and misunderstood.
0) 215) dialog: You know, it's not always easy  for me, either.  But at least I  try not to give in to each and  every neurosis. Now he's got her angry.
0) 217) dialog: Come on, this isn't about  honesty.  You just need a good  night's sleep.  The way you  toss and turn all night, even I  hardly get any sleep. Ellen realizes there is no use in discussing this any  further.
0) 220) dialog: For you. He holds out the plate to her.  Ellen throws a skeptical  look at the mishap pastry.  She won't be bribed this  easily.
0) 222) dialog: Come on, at least try one.  It  took me two hours to make  these. Ellen goes back to scratching off the wallpaper.  Martin  changes his tactic.
0) 223) dialog: What I really meant to say was:  I'm sorry.  I'm a real bonehead  sometimes.  But it's just that  I'm worried about you.  I'm  afraid you might get carried  away with something like that. Ellen interrupts her work and takes one of the cakes.  Sh tastes it.
0) 225) dialog: But baked with lots of love. Martin helps himself to a small cake, too.  He bites off piece, and makes a sour face.  Then, he takes Ellen's pie out of her hand.
0) 226) dialog: I think I'd better get rid of  this.  After all, I don't want  to kill you. He turns to leave.
0) 238) text: Martin... did you hear that? No chance - Martin only mumbles a few unintelligible word and continues to sleep. Ellen gets out of bed.
0) 251) dialog: So, did you sleep good?
0) 259) dialog: (calling from the study)
0) 292) dialog: It's a real mess.  I think it'd  be better for you not to go  down there for a while.  It's  just too dangerous. He drops the key for the cellar into his pocket.  Ellen  watches this with irritation.  Martin's entire behavior  seems odd. Behind Ellen, the dog trots into the corridor.
0) 293) dialog: Don't tell me you've made  friends with that wandering  flea circus?
0) 295) dialog: Where have you been all day?
0) 297) dialog: Ellen... our Tommi is dead.   And there's nothing we can do  about it. Ellen rests her head against his shoulder.
0) 299) dialog: Oh!  Now we're getting to the  point!  So all of a sudden,  it's the house.  Yesterday, it  was a road sign.  And the first  thing you do is go and run to  "Dr. Freud"!  He heads for the study, leaving Ellen behind.  Ellen call after him:
0) 301) dialog: Oh, baloney.  You should just  hear yourself talk! He treads up the staircase.
0) 302) dialog: I'll be in the study, just in  case you decide to get  reasonable, after all. Ellen watches him with consternation.  She goes into the  kitchen, worried.
0) 305) text: Either Martin is right or I am  really starting to lose my  mind... For a moment, she considers taking one of the tablets.  B then, she determinedly throws the whole package in the  trash can.
0) 338) dialog: Where have you been?
0) 340) dialog: Psychology, huh?  So, what side  of the rainbow are we on today? Ellen points out a certain passage in the book.
0) 343) dialog: (impatient)
0) 346) dialog: What? What am I supposed to  sense?
0) 348) dialog: Now you go starting that again.   We decided together, to build  up something new here.  I, for  my part, am working on it very  hard.  But oddly, you seem to  have changed your mind. Ellen wants to reply something but just then, the doorbel RINGS.
0) 349) dialog: Who's that?
0) 355) dialog: Not so bad, if I could get some  peace and quiet around here. Paul understands the side-swipe.
0) 373) dialog: (sarcastically)
0) 375) dialog: Because - you know - Ellen is  receiving messages from road  signs, radio broadcasters and  now from Scrabble game stones. He turns Ellen's letter-board around for the others to se Martin's reaction hits Ellen like a fist.  She feels  humiliated.  She is at a loss for words.
0) 376) dialog: And the best part is:  She  thinks the messages are meant  to announce her death. (makes a "spooky" noise)
0) 377) text: Hooooo... Claudia looks back and forth between Martin and Ellen.  S realizes how serious the situation is.  As opposed to Pau who pulls out a news ARTICLE.
0) 380) dialog: Just perfect, Paul!  Well done!   Can't you tell that my wife is  upset enough already?  And then  you come up with this kind of a  story?! Ellen has regained her composure.  She is still outraged.
0) 382) dialog: Ellen, I just don't want you to  get upset for no reason. He tries to conciliate by putting his arm on her shoulder But Ellen shakes him off.
0) 386) dialog: She shouldn't be worrying about  this stuff.  Lately, she's been  acting strange enough already.
0) 396) dialog: (calmly)
0) 399) dialog: (to the dog)
0) 408) dialog: Hi, darling. Ellen turns around to face him.  She is terror-stricken. His hands are covered with blood.  He seems to be oblivio to it.  In the best of moods, he walks to the kitchen sin while he continues to speak.
0) 409) dialog: At last, I'm back on top!   Seventy pages in one night!   I'd say that just about breaks  the record... He starts washing his hands with meticulous care.  The re stained water runs into the drain. Ellen closes her eyes and fights the panic welling up  inside of her.
0) 410) dialog: Ellen?  Is everything alright? She opens her eyes again.  She takes a second look and se that what she thought to be blood is only wall paint.  Sh discovers a bucket with a paintbrush beside the kitchen  door. She tries to conceal her thoughts.
0) 417) text: Martin! She kneels down beside the animal's dead body.
0) 419) text: Martin! Martin comes out of the house and stops at the door.  He calm - too calm.
0) 420) dialog: What?
0) 422) dialog: She was old.
0) 424) dialog: Maybe an animal.
0) 426) text: An animal?  What kind of  animal?   A goddamned T-Rex, or what? Martin is still apathetically standing in the doorway.
0) 427) dialog: She spent a couple of pleasant  days with us, and now she's  dead.  That's the way it is.   I'm sorry.  I have work to do. He goes back inside. Ellen watches him. This very instant, she realizes that this is not the man  she once married.  She knows that the time has come to ta up action.
0) 514) dialog: Hi, darling. Martin ignores her comment and starts to head up the stai to his study.
0) 516) dialog: I told you:  It's too  dangerous.  Besides, I have to  work now. He continues up the staircase.  Ellen follows him.
0) 522) dialog: During the Middle Ages people  were executed at every corner.   What's your point?
0) 524) dialog: Okay, so the house has a  history and there might still  be a couple of corpses in the  moors. (mocking)
0) 527) dialog: Will you finally cut it out?   Just in case you haven't  noticed, I am trying to write a  book here.  And maybe - even  with your birdbrains - you can  figure it's a pretty tough job. So why can't you just leave me  alone?
0) 529) dialog: Now let me work! Martin continues to write.
0) 531) text: To hell with your damned work! In a rash action, she suddenly pushes his computer monito off of the desk. Martin jumps up from his chair.  He grabs Ellen by the  throat and pushes her against the wall.  Throbbing veins his forehead.
0) 532) dialog: Don't you dare... Ellen can hardly breathe.  She is about to choke.  Just i time, Martin lets go. Ellen slides to the floor and gasps for air. Martin doesn't seem to care.  He sets the monitor back on the table and gets back to work. Ellen is deeply shocked.  She drags herself out of the  room. Martin doesn't even deign to look up at her again.
0) 535) text: Martin... oh my God... what's  happening to us... The house is dead-silent.  Only the sound of Martin typin on his computer keyboard in his study. Suddenly, Ellen hears a noise - very quiet.  It is the  RINGING of a bell. Ellen looks up. There it is again, very clearly:  It's the bell on the  collar of the dead dog.
0) 548) dialog: Didn't I tell you not to go in  the cellar?! Ellen does not understand what's happening.
0) 550) dialog: It's simply too dangerous here!   But no, you always have to have  it your way. She tries to squirm out of his grip - but it's no use. Martin drags her up the stairs.
0) 551) dialog: You know what I have to do now,   and believe me:  I don't enjoy  doing this.
0) 554) dialog: Of course you'll give me the  blame again.  Like back then.   Just a tiny cut and he could  still be alive today - isn't  that right, Ellen?
0) 556) dialog: Enough of that!  I know what I  have to do now. Sliding by, Ellen bumps into a tool box.  She gets hold o a screwdriver.  Panic-stricken, she thrusts it in Martin's direction. A scream of pain.  He collapses.  Bleeds. Ellen tears herself loose and runs out of the house.
0) 578) dialog: Hello, darling.  Are you  feeling better? He thrusts the syringe into her leg. Ellen desperately searches for the emergency button for t nurses' room.
0) 579) dialog: (whispers)
0) 583) dialog: You stupid little bitch...   think you can toy around with  people any old way you like.   But not me, no. Ellen carefully tries to loosen the ropes.  The sound  catches Martin's attention.  He turns around to her.  He still holding a nail in the corner of his mouth.
0) 584) dialog: (sweetly)
0) 586) dialog: That really wasn't very nice of  you yesterday.  I always  thought you loved me.  You  know, I bet any other husband  would be pretty upset with you  now. He sits down on the bed next to her and begins to loosen  her gag.
0) 587) dialog: But I believe in our  relationship.  What are such  trifles compared to that. He takes the gag out of her mouth.  Ellen's voice is  shaking.
0) 589) dialog: Believe me, I'd really like to.   But I have the feeling you're  not ready yet. Ellen lies there, totally helpless.
0) 591) dialog: The last day, Ellen.  Today is  the last day.  The circle is  closing. Ellen suddenly understands.
0) 593) dialog: Oh, Ellen.  My sweet Ellen...  Of course I knew.
0) 595) dialog: Oh, yeah?  Did we really?   Think about it, Ellen... Just then, the DOORBELL rings.  They both look toward the door. Quick as a flash, Martin presses his hand on Ellen's mout so she cannot scream.
0) 596) dialog: Are you expecting company?
0) 599) dialog: Make yourself comfortable.   I'll be right back. He stands up and leaves the room. Ellen hears him lock the door from outside.  She  immediately begins to tear at her ropes.
0) 604) dialog: Ellen is home.  But she isn't  feeling well.  Can I give her a  message? Lindner takes the painting out from under his arm.
0) 606) dialog: Um, I don't think that's a good  idea.  She went to lie down.  I  think she's already asleep.   She's been pretty busy lately  and needs to rest.
0) 610) dialog: Just nerves.  You know, the  move and all that... Lindner realizes that it's no use asking further.  He han over the picture.
0) 612) dialog: Sure, I'll tell her. The old policeman walks to his car and climbs inside. Martin smiles and waves him good-bye.
0) 628) dialog: Is somebody trying to run away  here?!  Darling, I'm really  disappointed.  How can we ever  have a trusting marriage if you  keep running away from every  conflict? Martin has reached the bedroom door.
0) 629) dialog: You little hardhead, I... At that moment, the door slams into him.  A loud crunch. The wooden door hits him right in the head.  Martin is  knocked to the floor. Ellen comes running out of the bedroom.  She has a wooden plank in her hands.  She wants to make sure that the job done right and clobbers Martin until he stops moving. Then, she sprints to the staircase and runs down the step
0) 633) dialog: No matter what you do, Ellen...   you don't stand a chance.   We're not leaving this place  anymore...
0) 635) dialog: ... not today.  Not tomorrow.   Never again! She discovers the remote control for the TV.  And gets an idea.  She grabs it and runs out of the room.
0) 637) dialog: It's like you always wanted.   Us together.  We'll make it  through anything, no matter how  rotten the situation is. Ellen squats next to the door frame.
0) 639) dialog: Have you ever wondered why it  hasn't been working out between  us since it all happened?  I've  asked myself that question.   And you know what the answer to  that is?  It was never real.   All just a big lie. While he speaks, Martin slowly moves toward the kitchen.
0) 642) dialog: What you loved, was something  totally different.  The  successful author, Martin  Straub.  "Mr. Cherry-red Tears"  - you married a goddamned book. Martin disappears in the living room.
0) 662) dialog: Come on...
0) 664) dialog: ... I know what you're up to.   You don't think that's going to  work, do you? Ellen desperately looks around the room, searching for a  way out.  She catches sight of the activated computer.   There is a text flickering on the slightly demolished  monitor. Finally, someone answers the phone at the police station.
0) 671) text: "Ellen woke up from the sound  of the door.  She barely  managed to raise her head in  order to see who the visitor  might be.  His back turned to  Ellen, the man pulled a  wheelchair into the hospital  room.  When he turned around,  she recognized him with horror:  Martin!" Ellen's eyes grow wider with every word she reads.  The  text abruptly stops here. Martin must have known everything!  Her whole story,  everything that happened to her, is described in his new  novel.
0) 673) dialog: ...is going on here? Before Ellen has a chance to give the situation a thought the door breaks open.  The door frame splinters.  Martin  simply kicked the door in.
0) 674) dialog: The final chapter will finish  tonight.  I bet you can't wait  to find out how the story ends! Ellen grabs the knife and backs away.
0) 676) dialog: Do you like my new book?  A  real page-turner, isn't it?  I  can just see the critics:   Martin Straub is back!  And  better than ever. Ellen is backed up against the wall.  She raises the knif against him.
0) 678) dialog: You still don't understand, do  you?  Today is the last day.   Your day, Ellen. With this, he jumps up to her, quick as lightning.  He  grabs the knife by the blade and twists it out of Ellen's hand - without the slightest feeling of pain. He firmly pulls Ellen towards the door.  They pass by the desk with the computer.  Ellen sees the electric cord for the computer on the floor. With a swift move of her foot, she tears at the cable,  pulling the computer off of the desk.  It falls to the  floor. Martin screams in rage.  For a second, he is distracted. Ellen takes the opportunity to tear herself loose.
0) 682) dialog: I told you, there is no way  out.  He won't let you go.
0) 684) dialog: (quietly)
0) 686) dialog: It's important - he knows the  last chapter.
0) 688) dialog: Now look at this young man:  He  supports me in what I do -  quite the opposite of you. Terrified, Ellen stares at Thomas.  She watches a thin  strand of mud flow out of the boy's shoulder, and - again the laws of gravity - it crawls up over Martin's hand.   Martin does not seem to notice it.
0) 689) dialog: You know, Tommi wants me to  become the man I used to be.
0) 691) text: ...So he's dictating you a new  bestseller?  Whatever that is,  it's not our son. Martin leans down to the child's figure and brings his ea close to Thomas' mouth.  The boy seems to be whispering  something in his ear.
0) 693) text: Martin, don't you understand?   Tommi is dead!  This... it  knows our weaknesses and it's  using them to bring us apart! Martin stays leaned down to Thomas and listens.  He throw a stealthy glance at Ellen.
0) 694) dialog: I'm afraid he doesn't like you  very much. Martin smiles triumphantly.  He reaches into the water an pulls out a metal pipe. He threateningly moves closer to Ellen.  She backs away,  until she finds herself backed up against the wall. Ellen looks around - there is no where to run.  But she  tries anyway.  She wants to make a run for it. But Martin is faster.  He grabs hold of her.  Ellen slips and lands in the water.
0) 695) dialog: We've played this game long  enough. He mercilessly pushes Ellen's head under water.  She trie to put up a fight, but she doesn't stand a chance.
0) 696) dialog: How sad.  Drowned, like all the  others.  But that's the way  it's got to be in a real horror  novel.  I know what you're  thinking:  No happy end - it'll  never sell.  But to hell with  commerce! Ellen manages to fight her way above the water's surface. She gasps for air.  Her eyes catch sight of the old shelf crammed full with all sorts of junk, standing within reac of her feet.
0) 698) dialog: I'll tell you what really was  an illusion:  Romantic family  life, by the side of your  successful author.  Sorry if I  wasn't able to live up to your  high expectations, princess. Ellen tries to get through to whatever is left of Martin.
0) 701) dialog: Be quiet. Suddenly, he strikes her with the pipe.  He grabs Ellen b the throat and pushes her against the wall.
0) 718) dialog: Smog... Ellen musters him, confused.
0) 720) dialog: I have a yearning for... smog,  cars and many, many people... A real dirty... big city.   What do you think? Ellen gently strokes his cheek.
0) 722) dialog: How did you get me out of  there?
0) 728) dialog: No problem. He takes a step, but then he flinches with pain.  The  movement hurt.
0) 729) dialog: For God's sake, what happened  to me?
0) 735) dialog: What a sight:  A few trees, a  couple of ducks in the pond.   That's all the nature I need. Ellen laughs.  They are about to kiss, when suddenly the  doorbell RINGS.
0) 741) dialog: Have you already told him about  our idea for the new novel?  Paul can't wait to find out.
0) 744) dialog: ...until one day, he goes too  far and the two of them get  really mad...