0) 25) dialog: Well, look here!
0) 28) dialog: Welcome to the far end of the  world. Ellen contradicts.
0) 36) dialog: This wood is pretty decayed.   Hope I don't land a floor  lower.
0) 40) text: and Paul) ...while our husbands already  get to work.
0) 43) dialog: Damn, this thing is heavy.  Where do you want to have it?
0) 45) dialog: Very funny.
0) 49) dialog: What's the matter? Martin presses a handkerchief on the wound and has a clos look at the door frame. It is totally splintered, as if someone had forcefully  broken the door open!
0) 51) dialog: I guess someone lost their key.   You did get your tetanus shots,  I hope? Martin is still looking at the broken lock.
0) 53) dialog: So what if it is.  There hasn't  been anyone in this house for  at least ten years. The study is covered with dust, the walls are stained and full of cobwebs - blind, high arched windows.  Single  pieces of furniture that the previous owner left behind i this spacious room.
0) 55) dialog: I wonder how you guys figure on  renovating this whole place.   You can afford to spend some  money.  If I was you, I'd spare  myself all the hard work.   Besides, didn't you want to  start writing again? Martin suddenly seems lost in thought.
0) 57) dialog: If you throw away your career,  that won't change anything  either.  Now don't get me  wrong, but I'm telling you this  as your friend:  Your last  books were awful.  The  publishing house isn't even  sure whether to extend your  contract. Martin takes the handkerchief from his wound and looks at it.
0) 98) dialog: Hold it right there!  I hate to  play the big boss, but as  Martin's publisher I can only  say:  Make the best of the  peace and quiet, the fresh air  and all that - and write a new  masterpiece! Ellen gives Martin a skeptical look - the moment of silen is almost too long.
0) 106) text: "Wake up, wake up, it's break  of day."  Paul and Claudia have  already left, you sleepyhead. Ellen hides under her blanket.  Martin sets down the tray
0) 352) dialog: Surprise! Ellen hugs them, her mind still halfway on Martin.
0) 354) dialog: Hey, my man!  How's the  masterpiece coming along?
0) 356) dialog: Hey, hey, hey!  Say no more  until you've seen what we  brought: He puts a wide grin on his face.  Ellen and Martin exchan quick looks.  Paul pulls something out from behind his  back.
0) 357) dialog: Scrabble!
0) 360) dialog: God, you should've seen him!   Elke Schneider enters the room  and storms up to him.  She is  tremendous.  Her breasts are so  big that just recently, there  was a discussion about whether  they should be given country  names of their own. Laughter all around the table. Martin is the only one who is not delighted.  But Ellen is clearly relieved by this  moment of normality in the house.
0) 366) dialog: Well?  Are you going to play? Ellen feverishly gathers up her letter stones and throws  them back into the sack.  She shakes it with special  thoroughness and draws anew.
0) 368) dialog: Triple word score, that makes  72 points.  Now what do you say  to that, honey-bunny?
0) 374) text: Oh, "three days".  A new  message! He turns to Paul and Claudia.
0) 378) dialog: Talk about spooky.  Martin, do  you remember that splintered  door to the study?  I guess  there was more to it than just  a lost key. The headline of the article reads: "Murder in Goldmoor -  Many questions remain unanswered".
0) 384) text: How thoughtful of you! An unpleasant moment of silence.  Ellen looks at Claudia  and Paul - she doesn't want to make a fool of herself.
0) 395) dialog: So, work is going well, you  say? Martin makes a very calm impression.  In the background,  the dog is barking at the cellar door.
0) 398) dialog: I'm glad to hear that.  You  know... Martin has a sudden outburst and yells:
0) 401) dialog: You know, I think I have to get  up early in the morning.  We  ought to get going.
0) 737) dialog: Surprise! Paul is carrying a package under his arm.  He walks  straight past Martin, to Ellen.  Martin and Claudia follo him.
0) 738) dialog: This baby is a dream come true,  I tell ya!  The third edition  within one year!
0) 740) dialog: You two are one hell of a team!   And as far as I'm concerned:   In case you plan on moving back  to the countryside, I'll be  glad to lend a hand. Martin and Ellen trade looks.
0) 742) dialog: Yeah?  What's it about? Ellen grins ambiguously.
0) 747) dialog: Okay, okay, I get the message!   I was only trying to make a  suggestion, you know. The camera travels further away... over the big city and  it's ever-busy activities.