0) 263) dialog: You see, there are various  approaches to an explanation  for what you are currently  going through. Ellen is hunched in a chair opposite of him. Prof. Roth turns around to face her and takes a seat behi his desk.  The leather chair creaks.
0) 264) dialog: One of the latest theories  claim that at certain  frequencies, air conditioners  create an oscillation that can,  in fact, cause hallucinations.   They may also be due to the  interior pressure of your eyes  and so on and so forth.   Personally I believe that all  of this is nonsense.  The loss  of a child is a traumatic  experience. Subconsciously, you  may still be blaming yourself  for it, and maybe now believe  that your son should punish  you... Ellen impatiently cuts him short.
0) 266) dialog: (hesitantly)
0) 267) text: There is, of course, another  possible explanation which I  dearly hope is not the case. Lost in thought, Prof. Roth taps his pen on his desktop.
0) 269) dialog: A tumor - which could cause  pressure on certain parts of  the brain and, thus, influence  your perception. Ellen stares at him, shocked.
0) 270) dialog: Just to be on the safe side, I  would like to have a few tests  done.
0) 560) dialog: Mrs. Straub!
0) 562) dialog: What?
0) 564) dialog: Mrs. Straub!  Now calm down  first. Ellen is totally distraught.
0) 567) dialog: We can do all of that later,  but first you need to calm  down. He stands up, fetches a glass of water and takes a tablet out of a package.
0) 568) dialog: Here, take this. Ellen takes the pill without a moment's hesitation and  swallows it with a drink of water.
0) 570) dialog: You are going to sleep for a  little while, now.  And then,  we'll talk about it more calmly  and sift through all of this. The tablet quickly begins to show an effect.  In Ellen's  eyes, Prof. Roth's face gets blurry. One of the interns speaks up.
0) 572) dialog: Before everyone gets all  nervous, why don't you call her  house.  Maybe that will clear  things up. Ellen only vaguely catches the last spoken sentences  through a curtain of haze.  Then, she loses conscience.