0) 62) dialog: I can't right now!  I'm about  to break the high-score! Ellen gets into the discussion.
0) 72) text: "With you, my life began  and with you shall it end..." Ellen gives him her most beautiful smile.  Martin respond with a short kiss.   At the same time, they hear the Game-boy fall to the floo It immediately draws their attention to Thomas. The little boy is desperately gasping for air.  His face already starting to turn blue. Martin runs to him.
0) 76) text: This is serious!  Quick, call  emergency! Ellen hurries to the phone. Martin realizes that hitting Thomas' back is not doing an good.  He uses his finger to try to get the swallowed pie out of his son's throat. For Thomas, it is a battle against death. Ellen has gotten through to the emergency line.  She spea into the phone with distress.
0) 541) dialog: Mommy... Ellen spins around. There's something in the darkness - a figure:  Tommi! Ellen freezes.  Her eyes are glued to the little boy, who figure melts together with the shadows.  Like a tape  recording, he repeats:
0) 542) dialog: Mommy... Ellen fights up against the image as if she knew that it only a lie.
0) 544) dialog: Mommy... Ellen backs off.
0) 546) dialog: Mommy! Finally, Ellen's heart wins over reason.  She falls to he knees and takes the boy into her arms.
0) 691) text: ...So he's dictating you a new  bestseller?  Whatever that is,  it's not our son. Martin leans down to the child's figure and brings his ea close to Thomas' mouth.  The boy seems to be whispering  something in his ear.
0) 693) text: Martin, don't you understand?   Tommi is dead!  This... it  knows our weaknesses and it's  using them to bring us apart! Martin stays leaned down to Thomas and listens.  He throw a stealthy glance at Ellen.
0) 712) dialog: Mommy... She is tempted to look back.  But Lindner stops her from  doing it.
0) 714) dialog: Mommy... The hatch, the last possible exit into freedom, is slowly shrinking to a narrow slit. Ellen reaches out her hand to Lindner.