0) 1) dialog: You think maybe we could just turn around?
0) 3) dialog: Yeah, I guess. I’m just tired, though.
0) 5) dialog: say. Leland walks towards the office as Billy climbs into the Billy sits in the driver seat and looks around.
0) 8) text: The sun beats down on the desert. No breeze, just a faint low electric hum from the power lines that head off into distance. Billy closes his eyes and enjoys the sun on his face. de sighs and puts the key in the ignition. The engi starts. Billy kicks it into gear and slowly pulls out. He drives the car up to the office and slows down, leavin the engine idling. He slides a casette tane - Johnny Cash into the player and leans back, waiting patiently for his friend. A long beat, and then Leland walks out of the office. BILLY (cont’d} What took so long?
0) 10) dialog: Johnny. Leland, humming along with Johnny, slides into the driver seat as Billy slides over.
0) 12) dialog: Yuh.
0) 14) dialog: Prolly not enough.
0) 16) dialog: I'll go. He climbs out of the car and Leland gets behind the wheel Billy walks to the motel office.
1) 0) text: It's quiet. Billy walks in and looks around, sees what he . looking for. He walks across the room and as he goes, w blood splattered on the wali. e (CONTINUED }
1) 1) text: Pull back to reveal the MOTEL CLERK behind the desk, shot the chest, dead. A MAID lies on the floor in a pool of bl shot in the head. Billy steps over her and goes to a cool against the wall and takes out three bottles of water. He hears a noise and freezes. He turns to see the bathroo door against the far wall open, and a LITTLE GIRL steps o She sees the tableau in front of her and gasps. Billy drops the bottles and pulls a revolver out of his waistband and points it at the girl. She looks at him in terror and opens her mouth to scream. Billy’s finger tigh on the trigger. cur TO:
9) 0) text: Leland behind the wheel, Billy looking out the window, bo of them silently singing along with Johnny. It’s a differ car than they were driving earlier. Billy sees something on the side of the road as they pass sits up.
9) 1) dialog: Holy shit!
9) 3) dialog: Did yon see that?
9) 5) dialog: We gotta go back.
9) 7) dialog: Look, trust me. I‘11 be quick,
10) 0) text: A VERY ATTRACTIVE YOUNG WOMAN leans over the hood of a br down car, frustrated. Her jeans are low slung and tight. wears an old flannel shirt, half buttoned over a tight fitting jacket. Leland and Billy’s car slows down as it passes her, then pulls over a few yards in front of her. She looks up, a little nervous.
11) 4) dialog: She’s something, isn’t she?
11) 6) dialog: You don’t want to come?
11) 8) dialog: Suit yourself.
12) 0) text: Billy hitches up his pants as he walks towards the woman.
12) 1) dialog: Car broke down, huh?
12) 3) dialog: I know something about some things. Sure is a nice night.
12) 5) dialog: Bad place for a breakdown, y'know. Out here, middle of nowhere... He bends over and looks at her engine, still smiling. She watches nervously from the side. Billy gestures to her. BILLY (cont‘d} It ain't the engine, it’s the carburator. c'mere, take a look. She cautiously steps closer, His eyes run up and down her body ~ he’s practically licking his lips. BILLY (cont'd) Yeah, you got a leak here, see? 21.
13) 0) text: Leland leans back in the driver’s seat, hat over his eyes cigarette burned down to the filter dangling from his lip A loud thump and the passenger door opens and Billy heave himself into the seat. Leland pushes back his hat.
13) 2) dialog: Yeah.
13) 4) dialog: No more stops tonight.
15) 56) dialog: Can I just say how sick T am of these podunk towns and the goddam podunks who live in them?
15) 58) dialog: I’m just sick of this shit.
15) 60) dialog: Well, we could stop for some pie.
15) 62) dialog: Typical small town shit hole. There’s got to be a diner ‘round here somewhere. 30.
16) 13) dialog: Same. And some pie. Gimme some pie.
16) 18) dialog: I think you’re gonna stick around a while, honey.
16) 22) text: She stops, terrified. Jeff puts his arm around her, looki men in fear. LELAND {cont’d) Show this asshole we mean business, Billy.
16) 23) dialog: (Nodding to Charlotte) What, her?
16) 26) text: Tom leaps over the counter and picks up Leland’s gun. Billy quickly ratchets another bullet into the chamber of turns to Tom. Tom fires, hitting Billy in the chest, sending him spinni Lisa screams. Leland grabs a knife from the floor and slams it into Tom screams in pain and whirls, sees Leland on the floor, the hand, and fires down, through the top of Leland’s head. L explodes in a shower of gore. Billy staggers towards Tom, clutching his bloody chest, h other hand.
16) 27) dialog: 