6) 0) text: Jack stands out in deep right field bored out of his mind distance, on the track, Judy runs past and waves. BOBBY JORDAN, class jock and all round tough guy, walks u man‘s already on third base.
6) 1) dialog: One winning run, coming up. His teammates cheer - “Go get ‘em, Bobby!” etc. The PITCHER winds up and pitches. Ball. Bobby sidesteps i The pitcher winds up again and fires. Jack steps back, de right field. Bobby swings, and hits with a loud crack. The ball sails air right towards Jack. Bobby races towards first. Jack races back and forth, glove ready, trying to get und CLOSE ON ~ Bobby, smirking arrogantly. He knows Jack’s go
6) 4) dialog: I guess you think you’re hot shit, McKenna.
6) 6) dialog: Little superstar, here, huh? Little hero saves the day at the last minute, right?
6) 8) dialog: Who you callin’ stupid?
6) 10) dialog: {To his Buddies) “Wo, I said gym class was stupid.” Listen to this little faggot.
6) 12) dialog: Come on, chickenshit. Let's do it.
6) 14) dialog: What?
6) 16) dialog: What? (CONTINUED)
6) 20) dialog: Come on, you punk ass bitch.
6) 22) dialog: God! He pushes Jack against the locker and storms away, pissed off. A few kids laugh. Jack breathes a sigh of relief and turns back to his locker.
15) 51) dialog: Yeah.
15) 53) dialog: I‘m thinkin’ about it. He swerves into the next lane, and a horn honks loudly at the brake and looks back, sees he's almost driven into an battered old pickup. He flips the truck the finger- Lelan sit inside the truck. Billy gives Bobby a very cold glare polls back his finger, scared. Billy nods and they drive
15) 55) dialog: I don't know. And I don’t want to. INT. LELAND AND BILLY’S TRUCK Billy‘s looking back at Bobby’s car.
16) 0) text: Jack and Judy, still sitting. Judy looks over to the stre Bobby climbing out of his car.
29) 4) dialog: So you’re old man’s some kind of tough guy. What's he think of his wimp son? Jack glares at Bobby. (CONTINUED)
29) 8) dialog: Shut up, skank. Jack glares at Bobby. BOPBY (cont'd) Ooh. He’s getting mad.
29) 10) dialog: Yeah, pusS. Run away. God DAMN, but your daddy must be real shamed by you. Jack takes a step towards Bobby, angry. BOBBY (cont‘d} Say something funny, bitch. Make me laugh. Jack turns to walk away. Bobby smiles. Without warning Jack whirls and grabs the larger boy by t shirt and hurls him into a locker. He dives into Bobby, f swinging, and pummels him mercilessly. Blood spurts from Bobby's nose. Jack punches him hard in the stomach, then kicks him in the balls. With a cry, Bobby falls to the ground, and Jack savagely kicks him in the stomach and head. Judy tries to pull him off, but he pushes her away.
42) 0) text: Jack walks down the hallway to his locker. The other kids make a point of not staring at him until he passes. He go to his locker and opens it. Bobby walks by and Jack turns looks at. him. Bobby looks away. 83.