21) 57) dialog: Like you don’t know,
21) 61) dialog: Come on, Joey. Cut the crap.
21) 72) dialog: Mr. Torrino’s just making conversation.
21) 74) dialog: He wants us to leave, Mr. Torrino.
21) 76) dialog: Yeah. I’m scared. We should leave before he goes all Dirty Harry on us. (CONTINUED)
22) 27) dialog: What do you think?
22) 29) dialog: All this. Joey.
22) 36) dialog: Yeah. What if he’s wrong?
28) 10) dialog: Mrs. McKenna.
28) 15) text: She glares Torrino sighs and nods. Charlie smiles. 62. (2)
36) 0) text: Torrino, Aldo and Charlie stand out at the edge of the fi Charlie has a rifle in his hand. Aldo has his hands on th shoulders of Jack, who looks terrified.
38) 0) text: Tom crouches by the side of the house, rifle in hand. He checks the load - one bullet left. He peers up at the por sees the shotgun lying there, and frowns. A bullet zings his face, and he dives back, scrambles behind the house. The circle of fire where the tank was is expanding. The f is starting to burn. Charlie and Torrino crouch down. Torrino nods towards Ald who lays face down, his back ripped to shreds, on fire. Charlie shakes his head - “no.” Torrino grimaces. He poin to the other side of the house, gestures for Charlie to h that way. Charlie scuttles off. Behind the house, Tom straightens up, back to the wall, a slides towards the other side of the house. He creeps around the corner, alongside the porch, and loo up. The shotgun’s gone. Charlie creeps around the side of the porch and bumps rig into Tom. The two men scramble to bring their guns up, bu they‘re in too tight. Tom drops the rifle and goes for Charlie‘s throat. The two men roll on the ground, pounding the shit out of other. Tom bites Charlie’s hand hard, until blood squirts out. Charlie screams in pain. Tom rolls on top of him and punches his throat hard, over and over. Charlie chokes and gurgles and dies. Tom keeps pounding. Tom cries out in pain as a bullet tears through his shoul knocking him forward. He rolls over to find Torrino stand over him, gun in hand, glaring in rage. Torrino cocks his and points it right at Tom‘s head.