1) 10) dialog: What's wrong, Dad?
1) 13) dialog: Monsters! Cool! What kind? Tom shoots his son a dirty look.
1) 15) dialog: Hmnm. Shadow monsters. They look pretty scary. But they can’t really do anything. Especially when the lights are on. They're afraid of the light.
2) 9) dialog: What? Edie shakes her head. Jack sits down at the table, turns Sarah. dack {cont'd} Night Light worked, didn’t it? (CONTINUED)
2) 14) dialog: Nothing much. Math test in a few days. I think we're playing baseball in gym today, so I can look forward to sucking hard in right field,
2) 16) dialog: Unless it's over the fence,
5) 0) text: Gym class ~ A softball game in progress. Jack sits on a b wire fence, watching his team at bat. He and his teammate gym shirts, The other team wears blue. JUDY DANVERS —- sa and a real alterna~chick - walks up behind him and hits t Jack turns.
5) 1) dialog: Hey.
5) 3) dialog: Same old crap. What do they have you guys doing? quDY Sprints. I’d rather be playing ball. Jack shrugs. JUDY (cont'd) What position you playing?
5) 4) dialog: Coach has me playing deep right field. Real exciting.
5) 6) dialog: We're up by one. But they have one more inning. The batter strikes out, and the COACH blows his whistle. Jack (cont'd) Well, gotta get out to the boondocks. Catch ya later.
5) 11) dialog: Sure} He runs out to deep right field, putting on his glove. Ju to join the other girls.
6) 0) text: Jack stands out in deep right field bored out of his mind distance, on the track, Judy runs past and waves. BOBBY JORDAN, class jock and all round tough guy, walks u man‘s already on third base.
6) 5) dialog: What? No. I don't.
6) 7) dialog: What? Bobby, it‘s just a game. It’s just stupid gym class.
6) 9) dialog: No, I said gym class was stupid.
6) 11) dialog: Yes, you‘re right. I’m both little and a faggot. you got me dead to rights. Bobby pushes Jack up against his locker with a thud.
6) 13) dialog: What would be the point?
6) 15) dialog: I mean, we‘ve already established that I‘m little, that I’m a faqgot and that Y‘m chickenshit. What‘s the point of pummeling me mercilessly?
6) 19) dialog: I mean you win. You’ve established your alpha male standing. You've established my unworthiness. Doing violence to me just seems pointless and cruel, don’t you think? Some of the other kids are laughing now, which pisses off confused Robby. This is NOT the response he expected.
6) 21) dialog: Shouldn’t that be “Little punk ass chickenshit faggot bitch’?
7) 0) text: Jack walks out of the gym and looks up as a few fat drops rain plunk down. ALEX, another student, walks over to Jac
7) 2) dialog: Do what? .
7) 4) dialog: I dunno. It beats the alternative, I guess.
7) 6) dialog: Thanks. Alex walks away. Jack shakes his head and smiles, then wa towards school as it starts to rain. 20.
10) 0) text: A VERY ATTRACTIVE YOUNG WOMAN leans over the hood of a br down car, frustrated. Her jeans are low slung and tight. wears an old flannel shirt, half buttoned over a tight fitting jacket. Leland and Billy’s car slows down as it passes her, then pulls over a few yards in front of her. She looks up, a little nervous.
15) 44) dialog: I dunno. I always figured they got into their parents’ wagon and went cruising around their town square playing loud banjo music and acting like idiots.
15) 46) dialog: For us? Yeah. For now. Eventually we grow up and get jobs and have affairs and eventually become alcoholics. Judy Looks at him a long beat, then takes a hit off the j
16) 0) text: Jack and Judy, still sitting. Judy looks over to the stre Bobby climbing out of his car.
16) 2) dialog: What?
16) 4) dialog: What the hell is the matter with that guy? Let’s get out of here. They get to their feet and walk the opposite direction. INT. McKENNA‘’S DINER Mick's behind the stove, cleaning and closing the place d Charlotte's wiping down a table. JEFF and LISA, a pair of kids sit at a booth, eating ice cream. Tom is sitting beh counter, talking to Pat, who’s finishing up his dinner.
16) 39) dialog: Hey! Dad! You’re backi
16) 44) dialog: Except those two sons of bitches. Man, you killed the hell out of them, Dad! Tom flinches at this, Edie shoots her son a sharp look. Sam sticks
16) 46) dialog: Well, okay. But it’s true. You're a hero, Dadi his head in.
18) 0) text: fom is wheeled out to find dozens of locals and well wish waiting for him. They pat him on the hack. “Way to go, Tommy !” Jack, carrying Sarah, comes over to his father. Tom warml squeezes his son‘s shoulder and kisses him on the forehea
18) 1) dialog: Geez, Dad. Not in front of people. Tom smiles.
19) 13) dialog: They just want an interview, Dad. You‘re a hero.
19) 21) dialog: That would be cool! I never got to see the last one. Tom rolls his eyes and smiles. Edie looks out the window.
26) 14) dialog: Ew. Gross.
29) 0) text: Jack and Judy walking out of a class.
29) 2) dialog: I dunno. A little weird. gUbY What he went through? That would freak anyone out.
29) 3) dialog: Yeah. I guess. Jack is pushed from behind and staggers forward, dropping books. He and Judy turn to see Bobby and his buddies stan there.
29) 11) dialog: Are you laughing? Are you laughing now? Are you fucking laughing, you motherfucking cocksucking piece of shit? (CONTINUED)
30) 2) dialog: Dad, he's been riding me all year. He‘s a jerk.
30) 4) dialog: Oh, big deal. It’s the best thing anyone could have done to him. ‘TOM This is serious, Jack.
30) 5) dialog: Whatever.
30) 7) dialog: No, In this family, we shoot them. Before he can even think, Tom lashes out and smacks Jack across the face. Jack staggers back, stunned. A horrified look crosses Tom face. Tears streaming down his face, Jack turns and runs out of house.
36) 0) text: Torrino, Aldo and Charlie stand out at the edge of the fi Charlie has a rifle in his hand. Aldo has his hands on th shoulders of Jack, who looks terrified.
39) 0) text: A fire truck parked in the field, FIREMEN putting out the last of the fire. Tom sits on the back of an ambulance as the Paramedic bandages his shoulder, Sam is questioning him as Edie sta by, stili holding the dazed Sarah. Jack Stands off in the distance, jooking at the spot where Torrino lay.
42) 0) text: Jack walks down the hallway to his locker. The other kids make a point of not staring at him until he passes. He go to his locker and opens it. Bobby walks by and Jack turns looks at. him. Bobby looks away. 83.
44) 0) text: A TEACHER drones on about geography. Jack sits in his sea looking out the window.
46) 0) text: The boys’ class is playing ball. Jack sits on the bench a watches the girls’ class running around the track, He see Judy and waves to her. She nods, but doesn’t come over. Jack walks over to the track, walks up to Judy.
46) 1) dialog: Hey.
46) 3) dialog: What‘s going on? JgubY Nothing. Running laps. Coach notices you're gone, you’1] get into trouble.
46) 4) dialog: Who cares? A long, awkward, silent beat.
46) 6) dialog: Yeah. Okay. Fine. He turns and walks away. She watches him, troubled, then turns to go after him, to say something - anything. the GIRLS’ COACH blows her whistle.
47) 0) text: Tom's taxi rolls down the road. Tom looks out the window the town. EXT. MCKENNA’S DINER Through the window, Tom can see Charlotte waiting on some CUSTOMERS. Business as usual. EXT. McKENNA HOUSE - DAY A big chunk of the field is black from the fire. The taxi pulls up in front and Tom gets out and walks to the front door. Jack sits on the porch.
47) 2) dialog: What am I supposed to call you now?
47) 4) dialog: I have to what, Dad? What do I have to do? This isn't a normal life, so I don’t have any idea what I have to fucking do anymore. If I go rob Miliken'’s Drug Store, will you ground me if I don't give you a piece of the action? What, Dad? You tell me?
47) 6) dialog: Upset? Shit. Upset would be a nice change around here. You know what you are, Dad? fom looks at his son, not answering. Jack (cont'd) You’re the monster in Sarah‘s closet. (CONTINUED)
50) 0) text: Jack sits on the tracks, a bottle in a brown paper bag in hands. He watches the sun set over the trees. gupy (OS} Hey.
50) 5) dialog: Hey.
50) 7) dialog: I don't. A long beat. Jack (cont‘d) Tt tastes like shit. He chucks the bottle. She sits down next to fim.
50) 9) dialog: Nah. Thanks. Judy shrugs and lights up, takes a deep hit. They sit in silence for a long beat.
50) 11) dialog: Beezer?
50) 13) dialog: Beezer never curses. Jupy Right. I know. We're all, like, whoa! Dude! Jack nods. guDY (cont‘d) You know, Bobby Jordan's mellowed out a lot the last couple days. Seems like getting his ass kicked might have done him some good. dack doesn't respond. (CONTINUED )
57) 0) text: Waves crash on the beach as the sun peeks over the horizo Joey's truck is pulled over by the side of the road. INT. JOEY’S TRUCK Joey sits in the driver seat, sipping coffee from a “Worl Greatest Dad” mug. He's fully strapped ~ crisscrossing underarm holsters with guns. A huge knife in a strap-on holster sits next to him. He finishes the coffee, slips t strap on around his leg under his pants, and puts a jacke over the holsters. He gets out.
64) 0) text: Edie sits at the head of the table, dishing out dinner to Jack and Sarah. Jack and Sarah look up when he walks in, go back to their meals. Edie doesn't look up. Tom stands the doorway a long beat, then sits in his chair. A long beat as the family eats. Tom looks around at his family, who don’t return his look, He closes his eyes and fights back the tears. Sarah looks around the table, at h mother and brother, then her father. She’s thinking hard. Sarah gets up and walks over to the counter and picks up plate and some silverware and puts them in front of her father, her face very straight. Tom looks at her, his eye wet, and smiles. She shoots him an uncertain smile, then back to her seat. Jack, chewing his dinner, looks at the serving plate in t middle of the table. He swallows, then pushes the plate o in front of his father, not making eye contact. Tom smile gratitude. He looks across the table at Edie, who stares intently at food in front of her. After a lang beat, she looks up at her husband, her face impassive. He looks back, no idea what she‘s thinking, no idea what the future holds. But he sees something in her eyes, and for now, that’s enough. There's hope.