0) 0) text: A battered old motel by the side of the road. The roof is chopped up, nasty looking. Paint peels from the walls. A large, pathetic green papier maché dinosaur - some toothl mental case's idea of a Tyrannosaurus Rex is situated in front of the office. A sign reads “Rooms $24.98 and up!” The door to one of the units opens and LELAND, a reedy looking guy, almost made out of beef jerky, steps out, sm suitcase in hand and takes in the morning. A voice calls from inside.
0) 2) dialog: Nah. BILLY - shorter, chunkier, wearing jeans and an old Johnn Cash tee shirt - walks out, hefting a grubby backpack and lighting a cigarette. LELAND {cont’d) Life's all about chaices, Billy. Ain’t no video game where you get to hit the restart button any time you ain‘t happy. They walk over to a well worn old convertible. Leland tak the top down and: throws his suitcase in the back. Billy the same with his pack. LELAND (cont'd) We are who we are and we done what we done. Whatever.
0) 4) dialog: Yuh. Me, too. He tosses Billy the keys. LELAND (cont‘d) Here. Warm ‘er up and bring ‘er on up to the office. I’m gonna go check us out.
0) 8) text: The sun beats down on the desert. No breeze, just a faint low electric hum from the power lines that head off into distance. Billy closes his eyes and enjoys the sun on his face. de sighs and puts the key in the ignition. The engi starts. Billy kicks it into gear and slowly pulls out. He drives the car up to the office and slows down, leavin the engine idling. He slides a casette tane - Johnny Cash into the player and leans back, waiting patiently for his friend. A long beat, and then Leland walks out of the office. BILLY (cont’d} What took so long?
0) 9) dialog: Nothin’. Little trouble with the maid, but everything’s fine now. Johnny!
0) 13) dialog: We got any water?
0) 15) dialog: Yeah. There‘s a machine back in the office.
9) 0) text: Leland behind the wheel, Billy looking out the window, bo of them silently singing along with Johnny. It’s a differ car than they were driving earlier. Billy sees something on the side of the road as they pass sits up.
9) 2) dialog: what?
9) 4) dialog: What. By the side of the road?
9) 6) dialog: We what?
10) 0) text: A VERY ATTRACTIVE YOUNG WOMAN leans over the hood of a br down car, frustrated. Her jeans are low slung and tight. wears an old flannel shirt, half buttoned over a tight fitting jacket. Leland and Billy’s car slows down as it passes her, then pulls over a few yards in front of her. She looks up, a little nervous.
11) 0) text: Leland shakes his head.
11) 1) dialog: Jesus Christ, Billy.
11) 5) dialog: Yeah, she is. (Looks at his watch) Just be quick.
11) 7) dialog: I’m too tired.
13) 0) text: Leland leans back in the driver’s seat, hat over his eyes cigarette burned down to the filter dangling from his lip A loud thump and the passenger door opens and Billy heave himself into the seat. Leland pushes back his hat.
13) 1) dialog: You done?
13) 3) dialog: No more stops tonight.
13) 5) dialog: Alright, then. He starts the car and peels out, not looking back. INT. ATTRACTIVE YOUNG WOMAN’S CAR The young woman sits behind the wheel, smiling, as she dr down the road. She‘s not wearing her flannel, and we see image on the front of her tee shirt for the first time - angry Johnny Cash flipping the bird at the photographer. EXT. MCKENNA‘'S DINER - DUSK Tom stands outside the diner, stretching after a long day Edie pulls up in the station wagon. The rain is letting u
15) 57) dialog: You think if you keep saying that it’s gonna change anything?
15) 59) dialog: Yeah, you made that clear about ten thousand miles ago, Billy. Until you come up with a better idea, I don’t want to hear about it anymore.
15) 61) dialog: Yeah, we could. I’m goddam hungry.
16) 8) dialog: S‘airight, old man. He holds the door open for Pat and lets him out, smiling looks at him, troubled. Billy walks in after Leland, watc Billy and Leland walk up to the counter.
16) 12) dialog: Coffee. Black.
16) 15) dialog: I said coffee! Charlotte looks up at this, worried. Jeff and Lisa look o interested. Tom looks at Leland a beat, then nods.
16) 17) dialog: (Nods to the door) Billy. @ Billy walks over to the door, cutting off Charlotte.
16) 21) dialog: We’ll do it however we want to, asshole. He pulls out a gun and points it at Tom, who stands with pot in his hand, Billy pulls out his gun and points it at Charlotte. Lisa LELAND (cont'd) Shut up, bitch! (CONTINUED) e@ 32.
16) 22) text: She stops, terrified. Jeff puts his arm around her, looki men in fear. LELAND {cont’d) Show this asshole we mean business, Billy.
16) 24) dialog: Yeah, her. Fuck her. Do it.
16) 26) text: Tom leaps over the counter and picks up Leland’s gun. Billy quickly ratchets another bullet into the chamber of turns to Tom. Tom fires, hitting Billy in the chest, sending him spinni Lisa screams. Leland grabs a knife from the floor and slams it into Tom screams in pain and whirls, sees Leland on the floor, the hand, and fires down, through the top of Leland’s head. L explodes in a shower of gore. Billy staggers towards Tom, clutching his bloody chest, h other hand.
22) 79) dialog: I’m gonna kill you and everyone you know and your whole goddam family.