0) 0) text: A battered old motel by the side of the road. The roof is chopped up, nasty looking. Paint peels from the walls. A large, pathetic green papier maché dinosaur - some toothl mental case's idea of a Tyrannosaurus Rex is situated in front of the office. A sign reads “Rooms $24.98 and up!” The door to one of the units opens and LELAND, a reedy looking guy, almost made out of beef jerky, steps out, sm suitcase in hand and takes in the morning. A voice calls from inside.
0) 8) text: The sun beats down on the desert. No breeze, just a faint low electric hum from the power lines that head off into distance. Billy closes his eyes and enjoys the sun on his face. de sighs and puts the key in the ignition. The engi starts. Billy kicks it into gear and slowly pulls out. He drives the car up to the office and slows down, leavin the engine idling. He slides a casette tane - Johnny Cash into the player and leans back, waiting patiently for his friend. A long beat, and then Leland walks out of the office. BILLY (cont’d} What took so long?
4) 11) dialog: Who‘s the craziest woman you ever dated?
4) 15) dialog: Mick and me's just talkin’ about women we been with. He once dated a woman used te attack him in the middle of the night.
4) 24) dialog: Yeah, well, I got that beat. I dated a psychiatrist in New York for a whole year.
4) 26) dialog: I’m tellin’ you, there’s only one reason a person gets into that line of work, and it’s not to help crazy folks. (CONTINUED)
4) 30) dialog: You ain’t the only one from out of town. I was born and raised there.
4) 32) dialog: Uh huh.
4) 34) dialog: Well, sure.
4) 37) dialog: Sure wasn't Edie.
4) 39) dialog: Honest, too.
4) 41) dialog: When she helped me sell the farm...
4) 43) dialog: That big combine tried to slide some shit in, some mumbo jumbo that‘d have me paying the closing costs. They claimed it was just a little mistake, but she went on the warpath, I’m telling you. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
4) 44) text: PAT (cont'd) These companies, they slip in a line here, a line there, hoping you don’t catch it and they just screw you a little more.
16) 5) dialog: Good as ever, Tom. Pat slaps some bills down on the counter and heads for th waves to Mick, who waves back. PAT (cont'd) See you in church, Tom.
16) 7) dialog: Oh, excuse me,
18) 0) text: fom is wheeled out to find dozens of locals and well wish waiting for him. They pat him on the hack. “Way to go, Tommy !” Jack, carrying Sarah, comes over to his father. Tom warml squeezes his son‘s shoulder and kisses him on the forehea