60) 0) text: RICHIE, a gcod looking man the same age as Joey, sits on chair in the middle of the room, his hands tied behind hi back. Joey steps in, gun in hand.
60) 5) dialog: Joey! Oh my God. Joey!
60) 7) dialog: What? Those guys? Just four.
60) 9) dialog: I dunno. I only know four. Jesus, Joey! You came! Untie met! Joey holsters his guns and walks over to Richie and leans down. Except Richie‘s hands aren't tied. Richie whips out a gun and points it at Joey’s head. Joey freezes. RICHIE (cont'd) Oh, yeah. There were five. Richie stands up, gun still pointed. RICHTE (cont‘d) I knew you'd come, Didn‘t think you'd make it this far, though. I was hoping for a little less bloodshed, Joey. Jesus, you're good with the killing, aren’t you? Joey glares at him. RICHIE (cont’d} Why do you think that is? You think it's genetic? You think your old man was some kind of killer? Or is it just chance?
60) 11) dialog: Oh, hell no. i've always been here, Joey. Right here where you left me.
60) 17) dialog: Yeah. You better. You fuckin’ better. He steps back and composes himself a beat. RICHIE (cont'd) All that really matters is that it got to the point where Torrino actually trusted me, and when you bumped the old man, that left me in charge of what was left of his shit. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
60) 21) dialog: Then why’d you come back?
60) 23) dialog: You missed your chance a long time ago. e Joey steps closer. Richie raises the gun, pointing it a head.
60) 25) dialog: I want you to beg for me.
60) 27) dialog: Alright. Then beg for your family.
60) 32) dialog: I seen your wife on TV. She's got a real bloom to her. I think I'11 fuck her before I kill her. How about that? You willing to beg for that? Without warning, Joey whips his head to the left, causing Richie’s gun to slide forward, past his head. Richie stag forward, and grunts in surprise. The gun goes off, but Jo knocks it out of his hand with his free hand. Richie slowly looks down and sees Joey‘s other hand - it’ wrapped around the knife sticking into Richie’s belly. Ri staggers back, clutching the knife, blood gushing. Joey calmly pulls out one of his guns and points it at Richie.