1) 4) dialog: Daddy? Daddy?
1) 6) dialog: There were monsters!
1) 14) dialog: I don’t know. They were in the shadows.
1) 19) dialog: Jack says shadow monsters are afraid of the light. Tom shakes his head. Edie smiles.
1) 24) dialog: I‘m going to turn on my night light, just in case.
2) 1) text: For the first time we see his back - there are at least h smaller round scars spread across it. He walks into the bathroom, and we hear the sound of a sh on. INT. McKENNA HOUSE - KITCHEN ~ MORNING Edie, Tom and Sarah sit around a table, eating breakfast.
2) 2) dialog: I think Jack‘s right about shadow monsters, Daddy.
2) 4) dialog: But I think there's something he doesn‘t know.
2) 6) dialog: I think shadow monsters aren‘t as bad as other monsters. And I think when other monsters come, the shadow monsters beat them up.
18) 0) text: fom is wheeled out to find dozens of locals and well wish waiting for him. They pat him on the hack. “Way to go, Tommy !” Jack, carrying Sarah, comes over to his father. Tom warml squeezes his son‘s shoulder and kisses him on the forehea
27) 0) text: A typical Midwestern mall. The McKenna’s station wagon pu into the parking lot and Edie gets out, gets Sarah, and t two of them head into the mall. Behind them, in the dista a familiar black sedan pulls into the parking lot and sit
28) 0) text: Edie sits in a chair while a SHOE SALESWOMAN helps her tx a pair of shoes. Sarah is roaming around the store, bored
28) 12) dialog: I‘m sorry, Mommy. But look! They have the new Kimberly!
37) 1) dialog: Mommy?
39) 0) text: A fire truck parked in the field, FIREMEN putting out the last of the fire. Tom sits on the back of an ambulance as the Paramedic bandages his shoulder, Sam is questioning him as Edie sta by, stili holding the dazed Sarah. Jack Stands off in the distance, jooking at the spot where Torrino lay.
48) 0) text: Tom walks into the empty house. He looks around. It’s sti Tom walks around the house, looking into the empty rooms, INT. McKENNA HOUSE - SARAH’S ROOM Tom sits on his daughter‘s bed and picks up one of her do He gently puts it hack on the bed and looks out the windo INT. TOM AND EDIE‘S BEDROOM Tom stands in the doorway, looking. Nothing has changed, nothing’s the same. EXT. McKENNA HOUSE Tom slowly walks outside and looks at the devastation. He walks to the shed in the back and gets out a wheelbarrow takes it to the field, starts loading it up with burnt ou corn husks and bits of metal. The sheriff's car rolls down the driveway and Sam steps o
49) 13) dialog: Daddy!
49) 21) dialog: Daddy, will you come up and play with me later?
51) 0) text: A PRIEST stands over an open grave, lowering a casket int the ground as Edie stands by watching, holding Sarah’s ha Tom stands alongside them. Except for the GRAVEDIGGER off the side, there’s nobody else there. INT. TOM AND EDIE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Edie sleeps on one side. Tom, on the other, stares at the ceiling, uncomfortable in his own bed. He finally rolls o and closes his eyes.
64) 0) text: Edie sits at the head of the table, dishing out dinner to Jack and Sarah. Jack and Sarah look up when he walks in, go back to their meals. Edie doesn't look up. Tom stands the doorway a long beat, then sits in his chair. A long beat as the family eats. Tom looks around at his family, who don’t return his look, He closes his eyes and fights back the tears. Sarah looks around the table, at h mother and brother, then her father. She’s thinking hard. Sarah gets up and walks over to the counter and picks up plate and some silverware and puts them in front of her father, her face very straight. Tom looks at her, his eye wet, and smiles. She shoots him an uncertain smile, then back to her seat. Jack, chewing his dinner, looks at the serving plate in t middle of the table. He swallows, then pushes the plate o in front of his father, not making eye contact. Tom smile gratitude. He looks across the table at Edie, who stares intently at food in front of her. After a lang beat, she looks up at her husband, her face impassive. He looks back, no idea what she‘s thinking, no idea what the future holds. But he sees something in her eyes, and for now, that’s enough. There's hope.