5) 1) dialog: over to where David him but does not him. She strokes the animal’s mouth as Your dog is so beautiful. What’s his name?
5) 3) dialog: Hello, Bob. I’m Anna. I love dogs so much. I’m sure Bob senses this and knows that we’re going to get along famously. I’ve heard the journey takes over an hour. I've got butter biscuits and hazelnuts in my bag. I can give you some if you’re hungry. I mean, we can share them. I can give the dog some hazelnuts too, or a biscuit. One of the waiters gets up from his seat woman.
5) 5) dialog: I see. How long will that be, roughly?
7) 0) text: The coach goes through the hotel gates and comes to a sto The gates are opened by TWO WAITER-GUARDS, who wave to th driver. The waiters have automatic rifles slung across th backs. The hotel is a large building surrounded by a tall fence. It looks quite well-maintained and clean. The plan are in excellent condition and it is immediately clear th this is one of those large hotel complexes that can accommodate a large number of guests. At the entrance, th flags of various countries fly on tall poles. A number of people stand and watch from the room balconies. One of th waves. Biscuit Woman, filled with optimism, waves back. T passengers get off the coach. The two waiters lead them t the entrance in a line. Blond Man is slow and falls behin because of his limp. We will call him LIMPING MAN from no on.
8) 0) text: The hotel lobby is empty. There is nobody around apart fr the RECEPTIONIST. On the walls are various classic-lookin paintings, all of which show couples in a characteristic pose: the man seated in an armchair with the woman standi by his side. There are also some paintings, again in a classic style, of animals, such as a horse, a duck or som other bird. The receptionist is a young woman with a frie face and a calm voice. Biscuit Woman and the other woman, David, Limping Man and the Bald Man stand in front of the reception desk.
8) 2) dialog: I have.
8) 4) dialog: I'd like to hear the rules again, if you don’t mind. I mean, it’s been ten years since I was last here and I’ve forgotten a number of things. Like the bit with the days where you hunt the people in the woods with a bow and arrow, the night of the slaughter and so on. 11
8) 6) dialog: Does Toby still work here?
8) 8) dialog: Toby. The outdoor bar waiter.
10) 10) dialog: Excuse me, if we need a haircut we must call reception for an appointment the day before?
10) 12) dialog: Great.
12) 2) dialog: Good afternoon.
12) 4) dialog: I’m calling from Room 180. I’m 45 years old but I look 40 because I follow a healthy diet and I’ve worked out ever since I was young. How about you? David answers, but hasn’t yet figured out who he’s talkin to.
12) 6) dialog: How was your day?
12) 8) dialog: You have a dog?
12) 10) dialog: I love dogs very much and they take to me right away. I think we're going to get along famously. Do you like butter biscuits? Now he gets it.
12) 12) dialog: I don’t just like them, I like them a lot. Let’s have tea or coffee sometime with biscuits. You sound like a very interesting person. Feel free to call me whenever you like, morning or night, until 10 o'clock. If I don’t answer, try again. I take these pills for my thyroid gland, they told me they might make me drowsy. My room number is 180, so my phone number is 180. I have to go now because I’m feeling sleepy. We'll talk later. Goodbye.
17) 0) text: David enters the breakfast room wearing his trousers as normal. The breakfast room is very tidy and clean. David walks quickly, trying to find an empty table to sit at. Everybody looks at him as he walks by. He looks straight ahead the whole time. All the men wear the same clothes. the women do too. They all sit alone. There is only one c at each table in the room. He sees Limping Man, who was w him on the coach. He too has his arm tied behind his back All the new arrivals wear this same accessory. FEMALE V.O. His first day was one he would never forget so long as he lived. Beside the window opposite his table at breakfast sat a young woman with her head tilted back. Later he would learn that she often got nosebleeds. Next to her sat her best friend. Near the door, the woman who was with him on the coach offered a biscuit to a man drinking a Campari and soda for breakfast. He then looked behind him and saw a man and a woman he would meet in due course, and some others he would never meet during his stay at the hotel. We see NOSEBLEED WOMAN, her BEST FRIEND who stares at her Biscuit Woman (with one hand tied behind her back), CAMPA MAN, LISPING MAN and HEARTLESS WOMAN, characters we will to know later. Lisping Man is around 50 years old and Heartless Woman is around 35 and very beautiful. David spreads butter and marmalade on a slice of bread with one hand and eats. Limping Man and Lisping Man come up to his table.
21) 0) text: A big room, cheerfully decorated. Instrumental music play Some strobe lights hang from the ceiling and there are tw tables laden with sandwiches and refreshments. Couples da Two women Friend. A Heartless goes over sit at a table: Nosebleed Woman and her Best woman sits on her own at the next table. She is the Woman we saw at breakfast. Biscuit Woman enters and to her table.
21) 1) dialog: May I join you?
21) 3) dialog: I’m sorry. Biscuit Woman goes to the table where Nosebleed Woman and Best Friend sit. BISCUIT WOMAN (CONT’D) Can I sit with you? 18.
21) 5) dialog: Thank you very much.
21) 7) dialog: Okay. NOSEBLEED WOMAN’S BEST FRIEND She’s the best hunter in the hotel. Silent and very fast. She’s the women’s record holder. 192 captives.
21) 8) dialog: Who’s the men’s record holder?
34) 0) text: David sits in a seat and looks out the window. FEMALE V.O. One day he sat next to the woman with the biscuits on the coach. He gazed out the window, not looking at anything in particular, just trying to avoid talking to her. 26. Biscuit Woman sits beside him.
34) 1) dialog: How’s Bob?
34) 3) dialog: I'd give anything to go for a walk with you and Bob one afternoon.
34) 5) dialog: These biscuits are for Bob. I want you to give them to him whenever you want to reward him for something and tell him they’re from me.
34) 7) dialog: Can I come to your room sometime for a chat? I could give you a blow job or you could fuck me. I always swallow after fellatio and I have absolutely no problem with anal sex, if that’s your thing. My ex- husband always used to say I had the most beautiful thighs he’d ever seen in his life but let’s not talk about him. I’m in Room 180. My telephone extension number is 180. I hope I catch some loners today because I didn’t catch any the last few times. I hope you catch lots too.
34) 9) dialog: If I don’t find a suitable partner soon I’m going to kill myself by jumping from one of the room balconies. I want you to know that. My room is on the first floor. Room numbers that start with a “1” are on the first floor, those starting with a “2” are on the second floor and so on. So 140 is on the first floor and 308 is on the third floor and 190 is also on the first floor. So I'll have to jump from some room that’s high up. 380, for example, or 420, that would be even better. FEMALE V.O. When she stopped talking, he stared at her blankly, not knowing what to say. He then opened the window, looked out at the woods and thought once more about how good his excuse had been.
47) 0) text: David heads back towards his room carrying golf equipment sees a crowd of people. Biscuit Woman lies on the ground, covered in blood. She isn’t dead and is screaming in pain David runs towards the crowd. He sees the injured woman l on the ground and shuts his eyes. He turns away as he can stand to see her suffer. He spots Heartless Woman and instantly changes his facial expression. He tries hard to look calm and indifferent.
48) 0) text: David plays the message Biscuit Woman left on his answeri machine before she committed suicide. The incident has obviously upset him. There’s a hint of regret in his face The dog stands beside him, as if listening to the message too.
48) 1) dialog: 