1) 0) text: A MAN around 45 years old, DAVID, sits on a sofa. His WIF around 40 years old, stands and leans against a bookcase. David is shortsighted and wears glasses. His wife also we glasses. Next to David lies a DOG, an Alsatian. David is crying. The woman is not. DAVID’S WIFE I’m really sorry. (Pause)
1) 1) dialog: Does he wear glasses or contact lenses? DAVID’S WIFE Glasses. (Pause) David doesn’t look at her. He stares at the floor. He swi a glass of grapefruit juice on the table with his hand. David's wife seems sad. She looks at her watch a couple o times. She hesitates, but finally talks.
1) 3) text: David picks out clothes from the wardrobe and gets dresse His movements are slow and unhurried, as if he doesn’t wa these final preparations to end. He stares at his slipper next to the bed. He decides not to take them with him. FEMALE V.O. He decided that his brown leather shoes were the best pair to wear. He went down the stairs into the sitting room. There he saw the other man for the first and last time. He was very handsome.
2) 0) text: David goes down the stairs that lead to the sitting room. the sitting room sits a MAN who is not handsome. He too i shortsighted and wears glasses. He eats a tuna-mayonnaise sandwich. FEMALE V.O. He was eating a tuna-mayonnaise sandwich and wearing a pair of black lace-up shoes. She was in the kitchen. David sat in the armchair and looked at his watch. His wife entered the room and left a glass of Coca-Cola Light for the man eating the sandwich and then went to the window.
3) 0) text: David sits in the armchair. The two men do not look at or talk to each other. The woman enters holding a glass of C Cola with ice and a slice of lemon. She leaves the glass front of the man eating the sandwich and then goes over t David. She looks at her watch and then out the window. Everyone waits in silence. They all avoid making eye cont David grabs a coffee table book from the coffee table nex him. He flicks through the pages quickly, looking at the pictures without any real interest. He just goes through motions. The dog sits next to him. FEMALE V.O. David picked up a book called “The Most Famous Lighthouses in the World” and pretended to read. He was thinking his wife didn’t love him at all anymore. He didn’t burst into tears and he didn’t stop to think that the first thing most people do when they realise someone doesn’t love them anymore is cry. The doorbell rings. The woman gets up and answers the do Two men dressed as WAITERS enter.
3) 4) dialog: that’s okay. his jacket and fixes his hair with his hands. DAVID’S WIFE you ready? Did you pack that pain relief cream for your back?
3) 5) dialog: Yes. You DAVID’S WIFE ‘re healthy, you have many interests, you have good taste. Everything will be fine. David looks at the waiters.
3) 6) dialog: I’m ready.
4) 0) text: The waiters lead David to a coach. The dog follows them a gets into the vehicle with David.
5) 0) text: There are another four people sitting on the coach. Two WOMEN, a BALD MAN and a BLOND MAN. They all sit in different parts of the coach. David takes a window seat. The waiters sit together behind the WAITER-DRIVER. One o two women gets up from her seat and goes sits. She looks at the dog and smiles at stroke him. She looks a little afraid of dog above his hind legs, as far from the possible.
5) 2) dialog: Bob.
6) 0) text: David looks out the window. They have left the town and t are some woods beside the road. Suddenly a rock hits the window. David is a little shocked. He notices that the waiters do not react. David sees some people wearing ponc running alongside the coach. They are shouting but we can hear what they are saying. More rocks strike the vehicle. driver speeds up and gets away. He is completely unfazed the incident. 10
8) 0) text: The hotel lobby is empty. There is nobody around apart fr the RECEPTIONIST. On the walls are various classic-lookin paintings, all of which show couples in a characteristic pose: the man seated in an armchair with the woman standi by his side. There are also some paintings, again in a classic style, of animals, such as a horse, a duck or som other bird. The receptionist is a young woman with a frie face and a calm voice. Biscuit Woman and the other woman, David, Limping Man and the Bald Man stand in front of the reception desk.
9) 0) text: David is the last to be served. He keeps hold with one hand and rests his other hand on the The dog seems anxious, and barks. David tries but doesn’t succeed. The dog barks throughout that follows.
9) 2) dialog: No, never. The receptionist fills in a form.
9) 4) dialog: No.
9) 6) dialog: Around twelve. of the Alsatian reception desk. to calm it down the exchange
9) 7) text: Do you remember how long exactly? David tries to calm and quieten the dog but fails.
9) 8) dialog: Eleven years and one month.
9) 10) dialog: No.
9) 12) dialog: My brother. He was here a couple of years ago but he didn't make it. You might remember him. Medium build, 48 years old, bald patch, blond.
9) 18) dialog: Thank you.
10) 0) text: A large room, most of which is empty. In one corner of th room are four desks arranged in a row with some chairs. D gets undressed. He leaves his clothes with a WAITER and a MAID, who store them in a box. Sitting on chairs in just their underwear are the rest of the people who arrived wi David on the coach.
10) 2) dialog: 44 and a half.
10) 4) dialog: 
10) 7) dialog: Volume three, please. 13
10) 9) dialog: Thank you.
11) 0) text: The room is typical of a nice hotel. It has a single bed, single chair beside a small table and a teacup upturned o its saucer on the table. The floor is carpeted. FEMALE V.O. His room number was 101. A tranquilliser gun was hanging on the wall above his bed. On the bedside table were 20 tranquilliser darts. We watch David enter the room in just his underwear. He h the dog by its leash. David looks around the room: a sing bed and a wardrobe beside it. Hanging on the wall above t bed is a tranquilliser gun. There are tranquilliser darts the bedside table. David takes the leash off the dog and looks around.
12) 0) text: David looks out the window. The coach pulls up outside th hotel entrance. Men and women, residents of the hotel, cl out of the coach carrying unconscious people. They dump t limp bodies next to a WAITER, who counts them, and the Ma takes notes in a folder. The phone rings. David answers i
12) 1) dialog: Yes?
12) 3) dialog: Good afternoon.
12) 5) dialog: I’m 45 years old too.
12) 7) dialog: Fine. The dog barks.
12) 9) dialog: Yes. 15 11.
12) 11) dialog: Yes.
12) 13) dialog: Goodbye. He hangs up and stands there staring at the phone for a minute.
13) 0) text: David sleeps in his clothes on the bed. The dog sleeps on floor. There is a knock at the door. David wakes up, fixe his hair a little and answers the door. The HOTEL MANAGER her HUSBAND enter. The Waiter and the Maid who were handi out shoes to the new guests follow them in. The Hotel Man is a woman of around 55. She is dressed formally and her is carefully styled. Almost like a sculpture.
13) 2) dialog: I did, yes.
13) 4) dialog: A lobster.
13) 6) dialog: Because a lobster lives to be over 100 years old, has blue blood just like an aristocrat and stays fertile all its life. And I like the sea very much. I water-ski and swim quite well, ever since I was a teenager.
14) 0) text: David has placed his toothbrush on the bathroom sink and tries to squeeze toothpaste onto it. He then tries to scr the plastic cap back onto the toothpaste tube, and fails and over again. He finally brushes his teeth.
15) 0) text: David stands beside his bed. He tries to pull off his trousers with the belt still on in order to free his hand struggles. He lies down, sucks in his belly and pushes hi trousers down. After much effort, he manages to free one
16) 0) text: David sleeps in his underwear. He has managed to take his trousers off, which are still attached to his wrist by th bracelet. He is woken up by the music of a very well-know love song, “A Groovy Kind of Love” by Phil Collins. He lo at his watch. David gets up and sits on the side of the b He fixes his hair with both hands, lifting up the trouser his wrist as he does so. He puts some water in a plate fo the dog. 19 14.
17) 0) text: David enters the breakfast room wearing his trousers as normal. The breakfast room is very tidy and clean. David walks quickly, trying to find an empty table to sit at. Everybody looks at him as he walks by. He looks straight ahead the whole time. All the men wear the same clothes. the women do too. They all sit alone. There is only one c at each table in the room. He sees Limping Man, who was w him on the coach. He too has his arm tied behind his back All the new arrivals wear this same accessory. FEMALE V.O. His first day was one he would never forget so long as he lived. Beside the window opposite his table at breakfast sat a young woman with her head tilted back. Later he would learn that she often got nosebleeds. Next to her sat her best friend. Near the door, the woman who was with him on the coach offered a biscuit to a man drinking a Campari and soda for breakfast. He then looked behind him and saw a man and a woman he would meet in due course, and some others he would never meet during his stay at the hotel. We see NOSEBLEED WOMAN, her BEST FRIEND who stares at her Biscuit Woman (with one hand tied behind her back), CAMPA MAN, LISPING MAN and HEARTLESS WOMAN, characters we will to know later. Lisping Man is around 50 years old and Heartless Woman is around 35 and very beautiful. David spreads butter and marmalade on a slice of bread with one hand and eats. Limping Man and Lisping Man come up to his table.
17) 2) dialog: Pleased to meet you. I’m staying in Room 101.
17) 4) dialog: Why not. 20 21 15.
18) 0) text: Limping Man, David and Lisping Man sit on the beach. Thre yachts are moored at the pier in front of them. The pier guarded by TWO ARMED WAITERS.
18) 2) dialog: Yes.
18) 6) dialog: Maybe she has an aftershave or a cologne named after her too.
19) 0) text: The new arrivals at the hotel sit on four chairs on stage David sits last in line. There is a wireless microphone w they each take to speak. Behind the podium stands the Hot Manager. Her husband stands beside, and a little behind h 22 16. All the residents attending the event are sitting very quietly. The hall is half empty. Waiters and Maids stand randomly around the room, in pairs.
21) 10) dialog: Who's first?
21) 12) text: 25 26 27 28 19. NOSEBLEED WOMAN (CONT’D) The third way is to use water and flour mixed into a paste, like toothpaste, especially if the clothes are delicate or brightly coloured. But never use hot water on blood. Ever. David doesn’t seem to mind much. An alarm goes off. They run from the ballroom.
22) 0) text: David quickly enters his room. He takes the tranquilliser off the wall and loads it. He leaves the room. The dog lo at him but doesn’t react.
23) 0) text: David gets into the coach with the others and sits next t Limping Man, who seems very nervous.
23) 2) dialog: If I were you, I’d think of some tricks that use the element of surprise instead of speed.
28) 0) text: David spots a LONER MAN in the distance trying to hide. H takes aim with his gun, shoots and misses. The Loner Man notices him and starts to run. David starts shooting over over again. He misses and runs after him. After a while D stops, out of breath. He realises he’s also out of tranquilliser darts. He sits on a rock. He looks at his watch.
30) 0) text: David sits alone at a table. He drinks milk. Behind him t Hotel Manager, a waiter and the Maid are speaking with Lisping Man. We cannot see him. We can only hear him.
32) 0) text: David throws a ball for his dog to fetch. The dog looks v happy. David doesn’t praise the dog when it brings the ba back. The phone rings.
32) 1) dialog: Hello? Yes, send them up. Thank you. David goes to the bathroom and looks at himself in the mirror. He washes his face and brushes his teeth in a rus Someone knocks on the door. David opens the door. An ELDE COUPLE stand outside. They are his parents. He is hugged first by his father, then by his mother. His mother then the dog. DAVID’S MOTHER Easy now, darling. Look at how he wags his tail when he looks at his father. Where’s your father? Go to your father. The dog doesn’t move. His father goes to him and strokes DAVID’S MOTHER (CONT'D) Look at him. He’s wagging his tail. That’s what dogs do when they’re happy. They sit on the edge of the bed. 24. DAVID’S FATHER This is a very nice room.
32) 2) dialog: It’s one of their superior rooms. It has a very nice view. Go to the window and take a look. DAVID’S FATHER It's really a very nice view.
32) 3) dialog: Mother, go and take a look too. DAVID’S MOTHER Really very nice.
32) 4) dialog: Would you like something to drink? I can call room service and order anything you like. DAVID’S MOTHER I'd like a glass of sparkling water. DAVID’S FATHER The same for me. That’s a lovely idea. They sit back down. David calls room service and orders t water. DAVID’S FATHER (CONT'D) It’s tragic what’s happened to you but I think everything will be alright in the end. We’re both very optimistic. You have another 26 days. That’s three weeks. What am I talking about, that’s more than three weeks. You should get a haircut as soon as you can. You’re much more handsome with your hair short. Your sister sends her regards. She said she'd visit you the first chance she gets. She’s in Switzerland with Mark. They’re having a wonderful time. Skiing all day. Mark didn’t know how to ski but he’s doing very well. He managed to ski down the whole piste all by himself on Monday. Your mother told them that they have to be careful though. Skiing’s no laughing matter. You can easily get hurt. 36 37 25. His parents drink the sparkling water they ordered, down one go. They then get up and put on their coats. They say their goodbyes at the door. DAVID’S FATHER (CONT'D) We'll come again soon. DAVID’S MOTHER We'll come again soon. Give this to your brother. It’s sirloin steak.
32) 5) dialog: Okay. David closes the door and continues to play with the dog the small ball.
33) 0) text: Limping Man and David sit alone but at adjacent tables an eat their breakfast. Limping Man looks a little sad. Davi tries to cheer him up.
33) 1) dialog: New guests arrived yesterday.
33) 3) dialog: I think I saw a woman with a limp.
33) 5) dialog: That’s a shame. Limping Man looks back down at his plate and plays with s butter and his knife. David tries to find something to sa but can’t. They sit silently. The alarm bell goes off. Th all get up and leave the room.
34) 0) text: David sits in a seat and looks out the window. FEMALE V.O. One day he sat next to the woman with the biscuits on the coach. He gazed out the window, not looking at anything in particular, just trying to avoid talking to her. 26. Biscuit Woman sits beside him.
34) 2) dialog: He’s fine. David tries to be polite but the pretence is obvious. Although she bores him, he feels sorry for her for some reason.
34) 4) dialog: The dog’s not allowed out of the room, I'm afraid. FEMALE V.O. There are some excuses that no-one can argue with, he thought. Some excuses are without doubt better than others. And that was a really good one.
34) 6) dialog: Thank you. He looks out the window again. She doesn’t give up though
34) 8) dialog: Thank you very much. 38 39 27.
36) 0) text: David and Lisping Man sit together. We hear the cries of hotel guest injured during the hunt throughout their conversation.
36) 1) dialog: If you two are so well suited, I’m sure they’1l make an exception. 40 28.
36) 3) dialog: If you’re so well suited, I’m sure they’11l make an exception.
37) 0) text: Hotel guests are shooting at targets, so the room is real noisy. David, Limping Man and Lisping Man sit on a bench waiting their turn to shoot at a training target with a g Lisping Man looks excited. Limping Man does not look at Lisping Man, but is listening to what he says. David seem more involved in the conversation.
37) 2) dialog: A lobster. Lisping Man takes a plastic bag out of his jacket pocket. Inside are various coloured feathers he has plucked from bird. His eyes are full of joy as he opens the bag and sh the feathers to David and Limping Man.
38) 0) text: There’s a knock on the door and the Maid enters. She make the bed. David watches her every move. He seems on edge. keeps out of her way while she does what she has to do. 30.
38) 2) dialog: Twelve. The Maid leaves twelve tranquilliser darts on the bedside table. She notes something down in a folder.
38) 4) dialog: Can we not do this today? It’s awful.
38) 7) dialog: Please, just a little bit longer. The Maid takes her trolley and leaves. David gets up and after the maid. He’s pathetic and desperate.
38) 8) dialog: That’s awful. Just awful.
39) 0) text: Nosebleed Woman is swimming. Limping Man limps up to the pool’s edge and dives into the water. He swims up to her. David lies on a lounger by the pool and watches them chat
40) 0) text: David is sleeping. The dog is sleeping too. There’s a kno at the door. David gets up and answers it. Limping Man st outside.
40) 1) dialog: What’s the matter? 44 32.
40) 3) dialog: Have a seat.
40) 5) dialog: I saw what you did. It must have hurt. The man bangs his nose against the wall and it bleeds.
40) 7) dialog: To become an animal that will be killed and eaten by some bigger animal.
40) 9) dialog: She doesn’t suspect that you’re lying?
42) 0) text: David, Nosebleed Woman, her Best Friend and Limping Man a looking at some children locked behind some railings in a large enclosure. They all wear identical clothes, tracksu Most of them are playing. One of the children comes up to them.
42) 4) dialog: I’m sure you won’t need a child. You'll get on just fine.
43) 0) text: Nosebleed Woman’s Best Friend and David are walking back their rooms, side by side. David looks at her, notices he figure, the way she walks, her hands, her necklace, her h David's voice grows softer. His tone changes.
43) 1) dialog: You have really nice hair. NOSEBLEED WOMAN’S BEST FRIEND I know. Look. Nosebleed Woman's Best Friend flicks her head to show Dav how smoothly her hair moves.
43) 2) dialog: How do you like mine? NOSEBLEED WOMAN’S BEST FRIEND Well, I think you have quite dry hair. It’s also quite obvious you'll be bald in a few years.
43) 3) dialog: There are ways that you can get your hair back. You can get hair transplants nowadays. NOSEBLEED WOMAN’S BEST FRIEND They are rarely successful. You can always tell when someone has had a hair transplant. Nice hair is not something you can get, it’s something you’re born with. And something that needs lifelong care. Her strictness on the hair issue ends their conversation David can’t muster the courage to have another try. Disappointed, he now walks behind her and not next to her
45) 0) text: David looks out of his room window. The Maid holds a pony its reins. She opens the gate to the hotel grounds and se the pony free. Nosebleed Woman and Limping Man hug in the hotel entrance and wave goodbye to the pony. The pony doe run off. It just stands there, swishing its beautiful tai The room phone rings. The display reads 180. He doesn’t p up.
46) 0) text: David holds a bag of golf clubs and watches a couple play basketball one on one in the court from behind the wire fence. They’re having fun, they yell and kiss. David is fixated by them. FEMALE V.O. When I was at the hotel, I never much left my room. Hardly ever. I went there around four years ago. From the very first day I knew there was no one there who interested me. I used to listen to a lot of French music back then, and no one else listened to French music there. I stayed for 19 days. I let a waiter fuck me in order to help me escape. After he’d fucked me he said that he wouldn’t let me go and that I’d better just go back to my room and quick. I killed him and left. I also killed a resident who tried to stop me leaving because he said he liked me.
47) 0) text: David heads back towards his room carrying golf equipment sees a crowd of people. Biscuit Woman lies on the ground, covered in blood. She isn’t dead and is screaming in pain David runs towards the crowd. He sees the injured woman l on the ground and shuts his eyes. He turns away as he can stand to see her suffer. He spots Heartless Woman and instantly changes his facial expression. He tries hard to look calm and indifferent.
47) 1) dialog: What happened? 51 52 38.
47) 3) dialog: I hope she dies right away. On second thought, I hope she suffers quite a bit before she dies. I just hope her pathetic screams can’t be heard from my room because I’m thinking about having a lie down and I need peace and quiet. I was playing golf and I’m quite tired and the last thing I need is a women dying slowly and loudly.
48) 0) text: David plays the message Biscuit Woman left on his answeri machine before she committed suicide. The incident has obviously upset him. There’s a hint of regret in his face The dog stands beside him, as if listening to the message too.
49) 0) text: Heartless Woman sits alone at a table. David goes up to h He now seems confident.
49) 1) dialog: May I join you? Heartless Woman looks at him and doesn’t answer right awa 53 39.
49) 3) dialog: Yes, I think so too. Would you like for us to live as a couple from now on?
49) 5) dialog: Great.
50) 0) text: David, Heartless Woman and the dog enter the room. This r isn’t much bigger than the old one but there is a double and two bathrobes in the closet. Heartless Woman gives th dog a plate with water. The dog laps up the water. David looks happy. He checks the bed and the sheets, he takes h clothes off and sits on the chair.
50) 1) dialog: Do you normally sleep on the left or the right side of the bed?
50) 3) dialog: The right. Perfect. They sit down on their respective sides of the bed. David takes off his trousers. Heartless Woman sits on his lap a jiggles about, just like the Maid used to do. She reaches down to grab his cock every so often. Eventually they fuc David is behind her. During intercourse he whispers “mmm” Heartless Woman stops and turns to look at him.
50) 5) dialog: No.
50) 7) dialog: Sure.
50) 9) dialog: Should I turn off the light or would you like to read?
50) 11) dialog: No. I’m not bothered by light or noise. I’m a deep sleeper. Heartless Woman reads. David gets under the covers and tu his back to her. He then turns again and he puts his arm around her waist. He closes his eyes and sleeps. Heartles Woman eyes him suspiciously.
51) 0) text: David, Heartless Woman and the dog are out for a walk. Th couple walk hand in hand. They meet Limping Man, who is o walking with Nosebleed Woman and a LITTLE GIRL.
51) 2) dialog: Good morning.
51) 4) dialog: Thank you. 41.
51) 6) dialog: The last thing I want right now is a kiss from a silly little girl. They stand there a little, motionless and then David kick the child on her shin. She bursts into tears and Noseblee Woman takes her into her arms.
51) 7) dialog: Don't cry, Elizabeth. You should thank me, now you'll have a limp and be more like your father. David and Heartless Woman leave with the dog.
51) 9) dialog: You're right. Why didn’t I think of that.
52) 0) text: David wakes up. Heartless Woman stands over him in a quit threatening way.
52) 2) dialog: Good morning.
52) 4) dialog: It doesn’t matter.
52) 6) dialog: No.
52) 8) dialog: I’d love some. David goes to the bathroom.
52) 10) dialog: It’s really a very funny story. His name was Ryess. R-Y-E-S-S. Ryess. David splashes water on his face and then finally bursts tears. Heartless Woman enters the bathroom and slaps him.
52) 11) dialog: These aren’t tears. It’s just water.
52) 13) dialog: What’s the punishment for this?
52) 15) dialog: Yes. I know. 56 57 58 59 43.
53) 0) text: David and Heartless Woman are walking around to find the Hotel Manager. She holds him by the hair. The pain is vis on his face. David suddenly kicks her in the stomach and away. He takes the lift. She runs up the stairs.
57) 0) text: The Maid asks David to shoot her with the tranquilliser g too, so that no one will suspect her of helping him. He shoots her and she falls down unconscious. David shuts th door behind him. FEMALE V.O. And so he decided to turn her into an animal. A hotel maid helped him and he never understood why she did it. I asked him many times what sort of animal he turned her into, but he always gave the same answer. “That’s none of your concern”. That night he left the hotel, once and for all.
59) 0) text: David cautiously disappears down the end of the corridor.
60) 0) text: David walks very quickly, almost at a jog, as if he is to tired to run but too scared to walk. He stops beside a ri He washes his face and drinks some water. He steams up hi glasses with his breath and rubs them clean with his t-sh He continues to walk quickly. He gets tired. The woods ar quiet and the only thing you can hear is the birds and th sound of water. Everything is still and there are no anim around that he can actually see. He lies down on the grou but doesn’t close his eyes. 64 65 45. He just rests but it’s obvious that he isn’t relaxed at a He used to visit these woods as a hunter but now he is th prey.
61) 0) text: David washes his hair in the river with little bottles of shampoo he stole from the hotel. Suddenly, he hears a noi A LONER MAN is swimming. David goes towards him.
61) 1) dialog: Hello.
61) 3) dialog: I'm alone. I just escaped from the hotel.
61) 5) dialog: My time ran out.
62) 0) text: Loner Swimmer takes David to the LONER LEADER, a woman of around 30. She and the rest of the LONERS wear the same waterproof capes and carry backpacks with their personal belongings. David seems a little bit lost as he tries to adapt to the current situation which he wasn’t prepared f He looks around amazed at all these loners who form this autonomous community in the forest.
62) 3) dialog: No.
62) 5) dialog: I’m an architect.
62) 7) dialog: Well, not really. I have pain in my upper back and I often put some heat rub cream on it, but that’s all. Nothing important, really.
62) 9) dialog: Thank you very much. David smiles. Loner Leader gives him an awkward hug.
62) 11) dialog: Can I have a conversation with someone?
62) 13) dialog: That’s nice. 66 67 68 47.
63) 0) text: Loner Swimmer, aided by a BANDAGED LONER with bloodied bandages over his mouth, gives David a waterproof cape, a portable CD player, a pocket-sized game of solitaire, the book “Of Mice and Men” by John Steinbeck and a knife. Dav realizes that he’s going to be a proper member of this gr As these changes are taking place David acts in a mechani way, without really thinking where all this will lead him looks at Bandaged Loner. There’s fresh blood on his banda
63) 1) dialog: What’s wrong with your mouth?
63) 3) dialog: What’s the Red Kiss?
63) 5) dialog: It works just fine.
64) 0) text: David takes off his t-shirt and rubs Tiger Balm cream ont his upper back, as far as he can reach. He cannot reach m of his upper back properly.
66) 0) text: The loners stand in rows and exercise. Loner Leader check their technique, corrects them whenever necessary, and ye at the lazy ones. FEMALE V.O. That was the first time I saw him. He was exercising three rows behind me but because I’m shortsighted, I couldn’t see him clearly. In any case, he seemed quite presentable. We see a woman, whom we’ll soon get to know as SHORTSIGHT WOMAN, exercising and looking at David. David does what t others do, a little confused but determined at the same t
67) 0) text: David hides and hears the sound of people running and gun firing. He tries to cover himself with leaves, moving slo and quietly, and smears mud on his face. Silly little thi out of inexperience and despair. Despite his efforts, he quickly discovered by Lisping Man, who takes aim at David with his tranquilliser gun. David puts his hands up.
67) 2) dialog: She killed my brother. I would have done the same thing if she’d killed you. You’re like a brother to me. You're my best friend in the whole world.
67) 4) dialog: That doesn’t matter. We didn’t speak much but we both knew that in a pinch we'd be at each other's side. Did the man with the limp make it? David is not very convincing. But Lisping Man mellows.
67) 8) dialog: Whenever we like. And we eat whatever we like.
67) 10) dialog: No. It’s really nice being on your own. There’s no one tying you down. You listen to music whenever you like, go for walks whenever you like, have a chat whenever you like. I don’t miss companionship at all. I only miss you because you were my one true friend. Are you going to shoot me?
67) 12) dialog: What did you say? I can’t understand you, the way you speak.
67) 14) dialog: You really believe another day will make a difference? Have you seen how ugly you are? You haven’t got a chance. If I were a woman, I'd... Lisping Man prepares to shoot him. Shortsighted Woman jum out from behind a bush and stabs a knife into Lisping Man leg, then David grabs Lisping Man’s tranquilliser gun and shoots him.
67) 15) dialog: Thank you. 71 72 51.
67) 17) dialog: Yes.
68) 0) text: The waiter-driver and the Maid, who joined him for the journey, sit outside the coach. The Maid is the one who helped David escape. She picks up a bag and slings it ove her back.
70) 0) text: Loners sit around the woods and rest after the hunt. Lone Swimmer eats fruit, Shortsighted Woman listens to music o her headphones, Bandaged Loner reads a book. Beside him s a female loner who also has bandages on her mouth - she’s probably the other loner punished with the Red Kiss tortu David sits next to Loner Leader. 74 75 53. She rubs a hydrating cream onto her hands and face. She offers some to David but he declines with a shake of his head.
70) 2) dialog: I’1l come.
70) 4) dialog: Should I put some aftershave on?
71) 2) dialog: Thank you. The suit actually fits.
72) 0) text: hollow and hands David a A typical urban environment. Couples, cars, buses, kids, shops. David has his arm around Shortsighted Woman and Lo Leader has her arm around Loner Swimmer. They're dressed office workers. They walk through the town and enter a shopping centre. They seem happy. They stare at the shop windows, then browse random things like nail polish, pain brushes, cotton sheets and wooden frames. 76 77 54.
74) 0) text: David waits for the others. Next to him are three police officers and a woman on her knees. The head officer talks into a mobile CB Radio. The other is checking the woman's nails and asks her to show him the soles of her shoes.
74) 5) dialog: Good morning, officer. David tries to remain calm. Shortsighted Woman comes out the store and hugs David.
74) 7) dialog: That’s wonderful, dear. Excuse me a moment. How can I help you, officer? Shortsighted Woman kisses him on the cheek.
74) 9) dialog: Actually I’ve never seen her before.
74) 11) dialog: You're welcome, officer. The officer leaves. Shortsighted Woman hugs David again w the knife in her hands.
75) 0) text: Out on the street again. David holds Shortsighted Woman's hand. They don’t look at each other, but if anyone took a look at them they’d swear they were a real couple.
75) 1) dialog: If I’m walking too slowly just say and I’1ll up my pace.
75) 3) dialog: Better?
75) 5) dialog: Are you planning on buying anything for yourself in town?
75) 7) dialog: I didn’t know you were shortsighted. I’m shortsighted too. They stop talking knowingly, as if there’s nothing more t said.
77) 0) text: Loner Leader talks to a dog near a kennel, but we can’t h what’s being said. The rest sit around a large table and drink orange squash. The couples are very tender with eac other. David checks on Loner Leader from time to time. We don't know what connects her to the animal; if it was her brother, sister, uncle or just some normal dog. She comes back to the table and sits down.
77) 4) dialog: Yes.
77) 6) dialog: It’s a rather good company, yes. One of the best, I’d say. The only problem with the job is that I don’t have enough time for my wife and kids. We have four beautiful, healthy children.
77) 8) dialog: But even if we’d never had children, I’d never dream of leaving my wife. (MORE )
77) 10) dialog: Even if it was just the two of us, on our own, we’d go on trips, we'd go to Portofino in Italy or toa Greek island for the summer and so our relationship would be as intense as it was at the start. I love her so much I could die for her. That’s how much I love her. He takes Shortsighted Woman’s hand and kisses her on the in front of everyone for quite some time.
78) 0) text: The two supposed couples walk down the street. David and Shortsighted Woman walk in perfect sync.
78) 2) dialog: Thank you very much. They feel proud. Shortsighted Woman tightens her grip on David's hand.
79) 0) text: David prepares to hunt rabbits. He sets up rabbit traps u three wooden sticks and a big stone. He joins the sticks together to form the shape of a 4 and then places the sto on the biggest stick. When the rabbit tries to take the b under the rock, the trigger stick moves and the stone fal on the animal. FEMALE V.O. You carefully flay the rabbit with a sharp knife and cut off its head. You then slice open its belly and stuff it with well-washed red and green peppers, not too spicy, and a little garlic and mint. We see that David has caught three rabbits. His hands are covered in blood from the slaughtered animals. He puts th dead rabbits in a large sack, dripping with blood. 83 84 58.
80) 0) text: David sleeps. His digital wristwatch alarm beeps and wake him up. He turns off the alarm, gets up and goes to the river's edge to wash his face. As he pulls up his shirt sleeves, he sees a phrase written on his hand in biro: “R bank, beside the tree, 11 a.m.” He rubs the note off with water, looking round to see if anyone is watching.
81) 0) text: David and Shortsighted Woman sit side by side. In front o them sprawls a seal. It’s the first time they are alone together, so they are both a bit tense. At first they avo making eye contact and talk with long pauses. He is more than she is.
81) 1) dialog: When did you become shortsighted?
81) 3) dialog: When I was 12.
81) 5) dialog: I don’t remember.
81) 7) dialog: Yes.
81) 9) dialog: I'd like that. Shortsighted Woman takes the jar of Tiger Balm from his b and rubs it onto his back.
83) 0) text: The loners walk through the woods with flashlights. They don’t talk, or if they do they whisper. First in line is Loner Leader. Shortsighted Woman follows. David is last i line. He looks slightly worried.
84) 2) dialog: Can I go to the pier? 88 60.
86) 0) text: David walks quickly. He holds a tranquilliser gun. He spo hotel signage pointing towards various locations. He stop front of a sign. It reads “BEACH/PIER/MINI GOLF”.
88) 0) text: David climbs aboard the yacht. He carefully looks through cabin window. Limping Man and Nosebleed Woman wear identi nautical striped outfits. His is stained with blood. Thei child, Elizabeth, also sits with them.
88) 5) dialog: Good evening. 92 63. He takes a glass from in front of Limping Man and the kni from next to the little girl’s plate and taps the glass w the knife.
88) 6) dialog: I have an announcement to make. His nose doesn’t really bleed on its own. He bangs it against a wall or a piece of wood or some other hard surface, or else he cuts it with a pen knife while you aren’t looking. So the answer to the question “Are you suited?” is 100% “No, you're not”.
88) 8) dialog: I’m sure that the stain on his t- shirt is not blood but cherry juice or tomato ketchup or red watercolour paint or something like that. Limping Man and Nosebleed Woman get up and start to hit h One holds him down while the other kicks him. David drops knife.
88) 9) dialog: Or beetroot juice. Elizabeth grabs the knife from the floor.
89) 0) text: The loners dance, everyone on their own. Electronic music plays. David does not dance. He tries to find Shortsighte Woman amongst the others. He sees her but before he has t to approach her, Loner Leader goes up to David. 93 64.
89) 2) dialog: My leg hurts a little.
89) 4) dialog: Not yet.
90) 0) text: David spies another loner taking rabbits to Shortsighted Woman. She smiles and says something to RABBIT LONER, who then says something back. It must have been something ver funny because he laughs loudly then waves her goodbye and leaves. As soon as Rabbit Loner is gone, David goes up to her. He’s obviously upset but tries to hide it.
90) 1) dialog: Did you catch rabbits?
90) 3) dialog: Who?
90) 5) dialog: No.
90) 7) dialog: No, I’m not jealous. It’s just you don’t need to accept rabbits from other people. (MORE )
90) 9) dialog: If you need more rabbits, just tell me and I'll bring you more. Catching a rabbit is difficult, but I’ll try harder. There’s no need for you to be indebted to the others.
90) 11) dialog: That man who brought you the rabbits, is he shortsighted?
91) 0) text: David goes up to Rabbit Loner who’s shaving his face in t river. He stares at him for a while then speaks loudly.
91) 1) dialog: Afternoon. Is that a sparrow up in that tree?
91) 3) dialog: Are you shortsighted?
91) 5) dialog: You're lying.
91) 7) dialog: What does it say here? David shows him the zip on his jacket.
91) 10) dialog: You knew that already. All zips say the same thing. 95 96 66.
91) 12) dialog: You're wearing contact lenses.
91) 14) dialog: You are. You think I’m an idiot and can’t tell. David hits him, kicks him and pins him down. He pulls ope his eyelids.
91) 15) dialog: Look up. I said, look up. Rabbit Loner obeys. David fingers his eyeballs to check whether he’s wearing contact lenses or not.
91) 16) dialog: Now down. Left and right. David gets up. Rabbit Loner stays down on the ground.
91) 17) dialog: I’m sorry. I thought you were trying to fool me. I’m sorry.
92) 0) text: David and Shortsighted Woman put CDs into their portable players. Beside them stands a pony, it might be that girl from the hotel.
92) 1) dialog: We need to concentrate, we both have to press play at the same time. I’1l1 count down from five and we’ll push the button on zero. Five, four, three, two, one, zero. The both push their buttons and dance in each other’s arm We hear the same song playing twice, overlaid, the two streams a little out of sync.
93) 0) text: During the voice over, we see various scenes from the liv of the loners. 97 67. Loners watching a dog attacking a seal in the middle of t woods, a loner fighting with another loner, a loner lying dead, loners washing themselves in the river, Loner Leade feeding the pig. FEMALE V.O. We've developed a code so that we can communicate with each other, even in front of the others, without them knowing what we are saying. A handstand means “I miss you so much”. When we turn our heads to the left it means “I love you more than anything in the world” and when we turn our heads to the right it means “Watch out, we're in danger.” We had to be very careful in the beginning not to mix up “I love you more than anything in the world” with “Watch out, we're in danger.” When we raise our left arm it means “I want to dance in your arms”. When we make a fist and put it behind our backs it means “Let’s fuck, I’m horny”. The code grew more and more as time went by and within a few weeks we could talk about almost anything without even opening our mouths. About history, music, our childhood, everything. INT. LONER LEADER'S PARENTS’ HOUSE - MORNING Loner Leader, Loner Swimmer (her supposed husband), her father and her mother, sit on the sofa. They all seem relaxed, they’ve been drinking and they’re enjoying the stories told by the elderly couple. David and Shortsighte Woman sit in a corner.
94) 0) text: Loner Leader and Loner Swimmer go on ahead. David and Shortsighted Woman follow behind. They regret being so intimate at the gathering. David tries to read Loner Lead to figure out if she suspects them or not.
94) 1) dialog: We were great today, weren’t we? Maybe even better than last time. Loner Leader says nothing. They walk quickly.
94) 2) dialog: Didn't her parents sing and play beautifully?
95) 0) text: The loners eat fruit together. Loner Leader hands out bananas. They sit around a tree trunk. David covers his l eye with his hand. Shortsighted Woman does a handstand. 100 69. All part of their secret code that nobody else understand pink flamingo stands in the distance.
101) 0) text: David meets with Shortsighted Woman. She sits on a rock. has taken the bandages off and wears sunglasses. She trie act calm.
101) 1) dialog: Did you have a nice time in town?
101) 3) dialog: What happened to your hand?
101) 5) dialog: Thank you. No, I didn’t get a haircut, I’m going to have my hair cut today. Look what I brought you.
101) 7) dialog: It’s a bigger flashlight.
101) 9) dialog: Are you ready for tonight? Shortsighted Woman decides to drop her act.
101) 11) dialog: What happened?
101) 13) dialog: What do you mean?
101) 15) dialog: How did she find out?
101) 17) dialog: What notebook?
101) 19) dialog: You can’t see at all?
101) 21) dialog: And when you asked if I’d had a haircut?
101) 23) dialog: Don’t cry. Crying will make your eyes hurt even more. We’ll find a way. 108 109 77.
102) 0) text: Some loners sleep, others listen to music around a batter operated lantern. David lies on the ground and seems very sad. Loner Leader goes up to David, holding a pig on a le
102) 2) dialog: I’m a little sleepy.
103) 0) text: David and Loner Leader walk through the woods holding flashlights. David looks scared. He doesn’t know if he’s about to be punished as well.
103) 2) dialog: What happened?
103) 4) dialog: No.
103) 6) dialog: Thank you very much.
104) 0) text: Shortsighted Woman lies under a tree. David stands beside holding four carrots and a fish. Apparently he’s decided to give up yet.
104) 1) dialog: What blood type are you?
104) 4) dialog: Do you like berries? Blueberries? Blackberries?
104) 6) dialog: Can you play the piano?
104) 8) dialog: Do you speak German?
104) 10) dialog: I could teach you German but it would take at least a year for you to be able to speak the basics, not fluently. So there’s no point. You know, German is one of the most difficult languages in the world to learn because its grammar is very complicated. David wakes up, terrified.
105) 0) text: Shortsighted Woman lies under a tree. David goes up to he holding four carrots and a fish. He looks at her, a littl lost in thought.
105) 1) dialog: What blood type are you?
105) 4) dialog: Do you like berries? Blueberries? Blackberries?
105) 6) dialog: Can you play the piano?
105) 8) dialog: Do you speak German?
105) 10) dialog: I could teach you German but it would take at least a year for you to be able to speak the basics, not fluently. So there’s no point. You know, German is one of the most difficult languages in the world to learn because its grammar is very complicated. 112 113
106) 0) text: David hands Shortsighted Woman a plastic cup. She with her fingers.
106) 2) dialog: That's right. Very good. He then hands her a tennis ball.
106) 4) dialog: That's right. Ten out of ten, again. She smiles.
106) 5) dialog: I'm making a fist behind my back. Shortsighted Woman now becomes serious.
106) 7) dialog: No, that’s enough for today. In any case, I’ve run out of things to test you with. Maybe tomorrow, or one of these days.
106) 9) dialog: We'll see.
108) 0) text: David walks through the woods with Loner Leader. He stops some point and looks around.
108) 2) dialog: It’s nice.
108) 4) dialog: No.
108) 6) dialog: Yes. Thank you very much. Loner leader cuts a flower and puts it on David’s grave.
109) 0) text: David walks in the forest and comes across a pony. The an is probably the woman with the nice hair at the hotel, Nosebleed Woman’s Best Friend. David stares at the pony w a mixture of confusion and anger. His face is still full dirt.
109) 1) dialog: Hi, how are you? It’s very nice meeting you again. He cuts the pony’s mane with a pair of scissors. The anim stands still. He then looks the pony in the eye and hits across the face.
109) 2) dialog: How do you like my hair now?
109) 4) dialog: Good afternoon.
109) 6) dialog: Fine.
109) 8) dialog: I’ve got good news. I’ve had a great idea. Have you got a minute?
109) 10) dialog: I raise my left foot. I bring my elbow to my knee and tap it twice. I bring my foot to my knee and tap it three times. I lie face down. I kneel down. I touch my left cheek and then lie face up. Shortsighted Woman thinks for a minute.
109) 12) dialog: It’s the only way. She doesn’t speak.
109) 13) dialog: Yes, of course I am. I wouldn’t propose it if I wasn’t.
109) 15) dialog: Tomorrow morning?
110) 0) text: David attacks a woman in the dark. He hits her. She falls unconscious and we see the face of Loner Leader. He takes roll of gaffer tape from his pocket, ties her up and gags mouth. He then drags her away.
111) 0) text: Loner Leader, tied up, lies in David's freshly dug grave. Dogs circle the shallow pit. Loner Leader tries in vain t cut herself loose. 120 84.
112) 0) text: David and Shortsighted Woman walk quickly, as if running very small steps. David walks a little ahead, and Shortsighted Woman holds his hand and follows behind. The are wearing their civilian clothes but David’s suit doesn fit him very well. It’s a little tight. They talk as they walk.
112) 1) dialog: Are you thirsty?
112) 3) dialog: It’s not much farther. I can already see the buildings. There are no buildings in sight yet.
112) 5) dialog: These trousers are too tight. I’m sorry. It was dark and I couldn’t see clearly and I didn’t have the time to try them on. I’m sorry.
113) 0) text: David and Shortsighted Woman come out of the woods and on the road. They walk more slowly now. David hears a noise. turns and sees a vehicle coming in the distance. He pulls Shortsighted Woman off the road and they hide in some bus The vehicle passes them. It is the hotel coach heading in town.
113) 1) dialog: It’s gone. They didn’t see us.
113) 3) dialog: We don’t have time to hunt. We’1ll eat when we get into town. Everything has to happen as we said, without delay, without wasting time for no reason. We have to reach the restaurant before rush hour. It'll be much easier if there aren't lots of people coming and going in the toilets.
113) 5) dialog: No.
114) 0) text: David and Shortsighted Woman sit at a table. There aren't many people in the restaurant, just another couple sittin few tables further back. In front of them are two glasses water. They are silent.
114) 1) dialog: Profile. Shortsighted Woman turns her head to the left, holds it there, then turns it to the right and holds it there.
114) 2) dialog: Fingers. Shortsighted Woman shows him her fingers. David looks at carefully.
114) 3) dialog: Elbows. Shortsighted Woman pulls up her sleeves and shows him her elbows.
114) 5) dialog: No, I remember your belly very well. Smile. Shortsighted Woman smiles. She holds the smile for a long time. David signals to a RESTAURANT WAITER. The waiter co to their table.
114) 6) dialog: Can I have a knife and fork, please? Not a butter knife. A steak knife.
114) 8) dialog: I’m going to do it with a knife.
114) 10) dialog: I'd rather you didn’t.
114) 12) dialog: I know. David gets up from his chair. He heads towards the toilet
115) 0) text: David pulls lots of paper towels out of the dispenser. He tucks them into his shirt collar and lays them over his shoulders to keep the blood off. He looks at himself in t mirror, checks to see if his hands are trembling and then raises the knife, bringing it close to his eye. Closer an closer. He can’t do it, and lowers the knife again. He th takes a few deep breaths and tries again.