17) 0) text: David enters the breakfast room wearing his trousers as normal. The breakfast room is very tidy and clean. David walks quickly, trying to find an empty table to sit at. Everybody looks at him as he walks by. He looks straight ahead the whole time. All the men wear the same clothes. the women do too. They all sit alone. There is only one c at each table in the room. He sees Limping Man, who was w him on the coach. He too has his arm tied behind his back All the new arrivals wear this same accessory. FEMALE V.O. His first day was one he would never forget so long as he lived. Beside the window opposite his table at breakfast sat a young woman with her head tilted back. Later he would learn that she often got nosebleeds. Next to her sat her best friend. Near the door, the woman who was with him on the coach offered a biscuit to a man drinking a Campari and soda for breakfast. He then looked behind him and saw a man and a woman he would meet in due course, and some others he would never meet during his stay at the hotel. We see NOSEBLEED WOMAN, her BEST FRIEND who stares at her Biscuit Woman (with one hand tied behind her back), CAMPA MAN, LISPING MAN and HEARTLESS WOMAN, characters we will to know later. Lisping Man is around 50 years old and Heartless Woman is around 35 and very beautiful. David spreads butter and marmalade on a slice of bread with one hand and eats. Limping Man and Lisping Man come up to his table.
21) 2) dialog: No, you may not. And don’t you dare come near my table again.
26) 0) text: Heartless Woman spots a YOUNG LONER WOMAN picking and eat nuts off a tree. The Young Loner Woman notices her and st to run. Heartless Woman chases after her. After a hard ch she catches her and beats her into unconsciousness, then up and shoots her with the tranquilliser gun as well.
47) 0) text: David heads back towards his room carrying golf equipment sees a crowd of people. Biscuit Woman lies on the ground, covered in blood. She isn’t dead and is screaming in pain David runs towards the crowd. He sees the injured woman l on the ground and shuts his eyes. He turns away as he can stand to see her suffer. He spots Heartless Woman and instantly changes his facial expression. He tries hard to look calm and indifferent.
47) 2) dialog: She jumped from the balcony of Room 180.
47) 4) dialog: I can’t hear you with all this screaming. We'll talk some other time when it’s quieter. Bye. Heartless Woman leaves. David turns and watches her leave TWO WAITERS arrive with a stretcher.
49) 0) text: Heartless Woman sits alone at a table. David goes up to h He now seems confident.
49) 2) dialog: I don’t care. Sit if you like. Heartless Woman looks at him. They don’t talk, they just watch the other couples dancing on the dance floor. He ta his jacket off and stirs the ice cubes in his glass with index finger. She takes a cherry from a bowl and pops it her mouth. She chokes. Her face turns red. She slumps ove the table and her body jolts about in the chair. David do not react. After a while she stops her charade. HEARTLESS WOMAN (CONT’D) I think we’re a match.
49) 4) dialog: Yes. We’1l inform the reception desk in the morning.
50) 0) text: David, Heartless Woman and the dog enter the room. This r isn’t much bigger than the old one but there is a double and two bathrobes in the closet. Heartless Woman gives th dog a plate with water. The dog laps up the water. David looks happy. He checks the bed and the sheets, he takes h clothes off and sits on the chair.
50) 2) dialog: The left. You?
50) 4) dialog: What was that sound? Did you say something? 54 40.
50) 6) dialog: Do you mind if we fuck in a position where I can see your face?
50) 8) dialog: Turn the light on please, so I can see you better. David turns the light on and they carry on having sex, du which he tries desperately not to grimace or show signs o overexcitement. She looks him straight in the eye to see he makes any facial expressions. During his orgasm, David tries hard to remain cold. This is the most difficult par the process. His face is sweaty, his eyes wide open. Heartless Woman, on the other hand, is naturally expressionless. As soon as they are done, they get dresse
50) 10) dialog: I'd like to read. Does the light bother you?
51) 0) text: David, Heartless Woman and the dog are out for a walk. Th couple walk hand in hand. They meet Limping Man, who is o walking with Nosebleed Woman and a LITTLE GIRL.
51) 8) dialog: You should have punched her in the face too and bloodied her nose and then said, “Don't cry, Elizabeth. You should thank me, now your nose is bloody and you'll be even more like your father.”
52) 0) text: David wakes up. Heartless Woman stands over him in a quit threatening way.
52) 1) dialog: Good morning.
52) 3) dialog: I killed your brother. I left him to die very slowly. He may not be dead yet, even as we speak. I was kicking him for ages. She shows him her leg. Her shoe is covered in blood. Davi tries very hard not to show his true feelings - he’s devastated but pretends that he’s indifferent to what’s happened. 42.
52) 5) dialog: He whined a little. A strange kind of bark. Something like this. Woof ow-woof. It must’ve been from the pain. You didn’t hear anything?
52) 7) dialog: You really are a deep sleeper. Would you like some coffee?
52) 9) dialog: Right. I can’t wait to hear the story you promised to tell me last night, about that student of yours at the university and his awful final project.
52) 12) dialog: I knew you were lying. I can’t understand why you did it when you know as well as anyone that a relationship cannot be built on a lie. We're going to the Hotel Manager right now and you'll get the punishment you deserve.
52) 14) dialog: They turn you into the animal no one wants to be. You know which one.
53) 0) text: David and Heartless Woman are walking around to find the Hotel Manager. She holds him by the hair. The pain is vis on his face. David suddenly kicks her in the stomach and away. He takes the lift. She runs up the stairs.
54) 0) text: Heartless Woman reaches the first-floor corridor and trie each door one by one. She sees a door slightly ajar. She pushes it open and enters. She sees a WOMAN giving a WAIT blow job. A second waiter, the 30-year-old waiter, is fuc her while a third, the 50-year-old waiter, sits watching chair and wanks off.
55) 0) text: Heartless Woman exits the room, walks down the corridor a goes up to the second floor. She is absolutely cool, she doesn’t look angry or nervous, just determined.
56) 0) text: Heartless Woman sees the Maid in the middle of the corrid holding a tray with a glass of Campari and soda.