13) 0) text: David sleeps in his clothes on the bed. The dog sleeps on floor. There is a knock at the door. David wakes up, fixe his hair a little and answers the door. The HOTEL MANAGER her HUSBAND enter. The Waiter and the Maid who were handi out shoes to the new guests follow them in. The Hotel Man is a woman of around 55. She is dressed formally and her is carefully styled. Almost like a sculpture.
13) 1) dialog: Welcome. I am the Hotel Manager and this gentleman is my partner. You’re one of the lucky ones because your room is one of our superior rooms. That means it has a view. The Hotel Manager sits on the only chair and her partner stands beside her. They resemble the paintings on the lob wall, only in reverse. HOTEL MANAGER (CONT’D) Did you read the leaflet? 12.
13) 3) dialog: Very good. The fact that you'll turn into an animal if you don't manage to fall in love with another person during your stay here is not something that should upset you, or get you down. Just think, as an animal you'll have a second chance to find a companion. But even then you must be very careful. You'll need to find a companion who is the same type of animal as you are. A wolf and a penguin could never live together, nor could a camel with a hippopotamus. That would be absurd. Think about it. But there are certain combinations in particular that are worst of all - for example a bear with a fish, or a lion with an antelope, or a fox with a chicken. I realise that this discussion is a little unpleasant for you but I have a duty to prepare you psychologically for every possible outcome. Have you decided what animal you would like to be if you end up alone?
13) 5) dialog: Why a lobster? David seems to have thought this through rather well.
13) 7) dialog: I must congratulate you. Usually the first thing people think of is a dog and that’s why the world is full of dogs. Very few choose to become unusual animals, which is why they are endangered. (MORE )
13) 9) dialog: Rarely does someone choose to be a tuna fish, due to the dangers it faces, or a polar bear, due to its adverse living conditions. A lobster is an excellent choice. One more thing, before we leave. The Hotel Manager signals to the Waiter and the Maid. The take David's arm, twist it behind his back and bring out special leather accessory consisting of a belt and a brac linked together. They fasten the belt around his waist an the bracelet around his wrist, so that his hand is held t behind his back and he cannot move his arm. The belt buck in front is then locked with a small key, so that he cann take it off. HOTEL MANAGER (CONT’D) This is so you see how easy life is when there are two of something instead of just one. We forget this from time to time. The handcuff will be removed at the same time tomorrow. But that’s enough for today. I imagine it was a trying day. Good evening and enjoy your stay. They leave and close the door behind them. David looks do at the belt and bracelet.
19) 1) dialog: Room 206, Day 2.
20) 5) dialog: Reference letters. 1 - “He is very sensitive and a very good friend. I lent him money in 1989 and he paid me back before the repayment date.” 2 - “John is wonderful. He loves kids and is a first-class conversationalist.” Let’s move on to our next guest. Room 104, Day 2.
30) 0) text: David sits alone at a table. He drinks milk. Behind him t Hotel Manager, a waiter and the Maid are speaking with Lisping Man. We cannot see him. We can only hear him.
30) 1) dialog: Are you the man in Room 186?
30) 3) dialog: I imagine you know that masturbation is not permitted in the rooms or in any other area of the hotel.
30) 5) dialog: And yet it has been brought to my attention that you continue to do it. [To the Maid] Had he ejaculated when you found him?
30) 7) dialog: Were you looking at a photograph while you were masturbating?
30) 9) dialog: What did the photograph show?
30) 11) dialog: Do you have it with you?
30) 13) dialog: If I were in your shoes I wouldn’t be ogling the naked woman but the horse. I’m sure that horse used to be a weak and cowardly man, just like you. Lisping Man does not reply. We then hear screams.
31) 1) dialog: Good evening, everyone. With the help of this reenactment, we’d like to show you what it’s like when someone lives on their own and what it’s like when they live with someone else. One. Man eats alone. The 50-Year-Old Waiter opens a folding table on stage and places a plate on it. He pretends to eat and then suddenl chokes, falls off his chair and pretends to die. 35 23. He then gets up and sits back down on his chair. This tim the Maid sits opposite him. HOTEL MANAGER (CONT’D) Two. Man eats with woman. The 50-Year-Old Waiter again pretends to eat and choke bu this time the Maid gets up, performs the Heimlich manoeuv on him and he recovers. They then hug. HOTEL MANAGER (CONT’D) Three. Woman walks alone. The Maid walks across the stage. A WAITER-EXTRA stands in middle of the stage, blocks her path, pulls down his trou and pretends to rape her. HOTEL MANAGER (CONT’D) Four. Woman walks with man. The 50-Year-Old Waiter and the Maid walk together across stage and pass in front of the rapist waiter. Nothing happens. The audience applauds.
41) 0) text: All the residents are dressed up - black tie and gowns. T is obviously a special occasion. The Hotel Manager is presenting the new couple: Limping Man and Nosebleed Woma They are now formally together, a confirmed couple. 33. Their life together will begin with everyone’s blessing. like an instant wedding, a non-ritual ceremony.
41) 1) dialog: I’m very happy because we have a new couple. They met just two days ago but they are very much in love and perfectly suited. They both have the same problem with their noses. They bleed quite suddenly. The rest of the hotel guests clap. Nosebleed Woman’s Best Friend cries. She realises she is losing her best friend forever and feels abandoned. David hesitates at first, bu after a while he claps too. But he doesn’t smile, and see worried. A WAITER holds a velvet cushion with tassels, wi room key on it. The Hotel Manager hands the couple the ro key. HOTEL MANAGER (CONT’D) Tomorrow they will be transferred to a double room with a larger wardrobe and a larger bathroom. They will be allowed to use the group sports facilities and to eat together in the restaurant. They will stay in a double room for two weeks and then their final test awaits. The pier. The rest of the guests clap once more. Limping Man takes microphone. He speaks loudly, with excitement and joy.
41) 4) dialog: What are your thoughts on paedophilia?
41) 7) dialog: Good. Do either of you have a serious illness that could prove fatal within the next five years?
41) 10) dialog: Very good. The course of your relationship will be monitored closely by our staff and by me personally. If we notice any problems, any fighting or tension between you which you cannot resolve yourselves for whatever reason, you will be assigned children. That usually helps. A lot. The couple leaves the room, waving the audience goodbye.
44) 0) text: The Hotel Manager, Nosebleed Woman and her Best Friend si a table. The Best Friend is crying. Nosebleed Woman is no
44) 1) dialog: Today is your last day. As is customary, you can choose how you would like to spend your last night. (MORE )
44) 3) dialog: What I always say in these situations is that it would be wise to choose something you cannot do as an animal, like read a work of classic literature or sing a song you really like. It would be silly if you chose, for example, a walk in the grounds or to have sexual intercourse with someone because these are things you can also do as an animal. But first, your best friend would like to read something she wrote for you that is really very touching. Nosebleed Woman unfolds a sheet of paper.
53) 0) text: David and Heartless Woman are walking around to find the Hotel Manager. She holds him by the hair. The pain is vis on his face. David suddenly kicks her in the stomach and away. He takes the lift. She runs up the stairs.
58) 0) text: The Hotel Manager runs to the couple’s room with two wait She sees the dead dog. She signals to the waiters to set the alarm. “You Give Love A Bad Name” by Bon Jovi plays loudly throughout the building. FEMALE V.O. He began to run without knowing where he was headed but he was headed towards us. This was the start of his new life and back then, he didn’t know how much it hurts to be alone, how much it hurts when you cannot reach to rub tiger balm on your upper back and you are constantly in pain.