17) 0) text: David enters the breakfast room wearing his trousers as normal. The breakfast room is very tidy and clean. David walks quickly, trying to find an empty table to sit at. Everybody looks at him as he walks by. He looks straight ahead the whole time. All the men wear the same clothes. the women do too. They all sit alone. There is only one c at each table in the room. He sees Limping Man, who was w him on the coach. He too has his arm tied behind his back All the new arrivals wear this same accessory. FEMALE V.O. His first day was one he would never forget so long as he lived. Beside the window opposite his table at breakfast sat a young woman with her head tilted back. Later he would learn that she often got nosebleeds. Next to her sat her best friend. Near the door, the woman who was with him on the coach offered a biscuit to a man drinking a Campari and soda for breakfast. He then looked behind him and saw a man and a woman he would meet in due course, and some others he would never meet during his stay at the hotel. We see NOSEBLEED WOMAN, her BEST FRIEND who stares at her Biscuit Woman (with one hand tied behind her back), CAMPA MAN, LISPING MAN and HEARTLESS WOMAN, characters we will to know later. Lisping Man is around 50 years old and Heartless Woman is around 35 and very beautiful. David spreads butter and marmalade on a slice of bread with one hand and eats. Limping Man and Lisping Man come up to his table.
18) 0) text: Limping Man, David and Lisping Man sit on the beach. Thre yachts are moored at the pier in front of them. The pier guarded by TWO ARMED WAITERS.
18) 1) dialog: She's much older than he is, you know that right?
18) 4) dialog: When Melanie was with Don, I could understand what brought them together clearly. He was more her age and their hair colour really matched as they were both strawberry blond. But now with Antonio it’s really strange, it doesn’t really make sense. I mean, he’s much darker than she is and, as you know, much younger.
18) 7) dialog: Maybe. I don’t know. What I do know is that these two are a shining example to us all. Whenever I feel down, I think of these two and tell myself that I’m going to make it, that everything’s going to be alright. I keep hold of this thought and I know that my days at this place are numbered. One of these days it’s going to be me on one of those three yachts.
29) 0) text: The hotel guests are lined up in front of the coach. Some them have unconscious bodies of loners beside them. The M holding a folder goes to each hotel guest in turn and announces to them how many extra days’ stay at the hotel have earned based on the number of loners they have captu She first shines a light in their faces and then on the bodies beside each guest. She comes first to Lisping Man.
30) 0) text: David sits alone at a table. He drinks milk. Behind him t Hotel Manager, a waiter and the Maid are speaking with Lisping Man. We cannot see him. We can only hear him.
30) 2) dialog: I am, yes.
30) 4) dialog: Yes.
30) 8) dialog: Yes.
30) 10) dialog: A naked woman on a horse in the country.
30) 12) dialog: No. It’s in my room.
30) 14) dialog: I’m sorry. I’m sorry. David pours some more milk from the bottle into his glass His eyes don’t move. He doesn’t glance back. He looks dow his hand. He stares at it, trying to see if it’s tremblin He looks up and then back down at his hand again.
35) 0) text: Lisping Man walks carefully through the woods. In the background we see a few hotel residents firing their tranquilliser guns and some loners running away. The anim in the woods do not react, as if they are used to the procedure, as if it is something that happens often and i not terribly interesting. On the other hand, something re exciting happens to Lisping Man. He notices a YOUNG LONER WOMAN hiding behind a tree. He stealthily approaches her the woman, realising there’s no escape, starts pleading w him to let her go. The young woman has a lisp. Lisping ma notices it as soon as she starts speaking. His eyes spark
35) 1) dialog: Please don’t shoot me. I’1l give you this rabbit. It’ll make a great supper. Lisping Man shoots her. He smiles and leans over her unconscious body, pushing her hair away from her face so he can take a better look at her.
36) 0) text: David and Lisping Man sit together. We hear the cries of hotel guest injured during the hunt throughout their conversation.
36) 2) dialog: I hope so. It’s not just that she can’t pronounce her s’s, she’s also blonde. Her hair is the exact same colour as mine. We’d make a perfect couple.
37) 0) text: Hotel guests are shooting at targets, so the room is real noisy. David, Limping Man and Lisping Man sit on a bench waiting their turn to shoot at a training target with a g Lisping Man looks excited. Limping Man does not look at Lisping Man, but is listening to what he says. David seem more involved in the conversation.
37) 1) dialog: I spoke with the Hotel Manager and she said that no one should get involved with a loner. She said it’s dangerous and suggested that if I really love her that much, the right thing to do is to keep her in my room as a pet. She suggested I turn her into a parrot and I agreed. The only problem is I can’t open the windows in my room anymore, or when I open them I can only open them a little. Yesterday she flew around the room and around the ceiling light and hit against the walls and windows, and when I turned the light off she kept on flying for a little bit and then stopped. I guess she fell asleep. Have you thought what animal you want to be if you don’t make it?
37) 3) dialog: It’s such a beautiful parrot. It has green, blue, yellow and red feathers. Take a look. 4l 29. Limping Man stands up and doesn’t even bother to look at contents of the bag. He puts his hands into his trouser pockets and his face turns very serious.
37) 4) dialog: If I don’t make it, I’m going to become a parrot. We’1l live together. That’s for sure. Why don’t you become parrots too? Then we'll all be together.
67) 0) text: David hides and hears the sound of people running and gun firing. He tries to cover himself with leaves, moving slo and quietly, and smears mud on his face. Silly little thi out of inexperience and despair. Despite his efforts, he quickly discovered by Lisping Man, who takes aim at David with his tranquilliser gun. David puts his hands up.
67) 1) dialog: What you did to that woman was dreadful. I can’t understand why you would turn her into a dog and then kick her to death.
67) 3) dialog: I don’t believe I’m your best friend in the whole world. You used to spend a lot more time with the man with the limp.
67) 5) dialog: They're getting ready for the pier. It all begins next week. (MORE )
67) 7) dialog: Everyone says they’re going to make it as they’re very well suited and the child will help them get past the fighting. What time do you get up in the morning?
67) 9) dialog: You're not thinking of coming back? You know, if you told the Hotel Manager about your brother she’d probably forgive you.
67) 11) dialog: I'm afraid I have to. I only have two days left. David becomes aggressive all of a sudden.
67) 13) dialog: I’m going to shoot you. I only have two days left and I need more time.