62) 0) text: Loner Swimmer takes David to the LONER LEADER, a woman of around 30. She and the rest of the LONERS wear the same waterproof capes and carry backpacks with their personal belongings. David seems a little bit lost as he tries to adapt to the current situation which he wasn’t prepared f He looks around amazed at all these loners who form this autonomous community in the forest.
62) 2) dialog: Are you a doctor, by any chance? 46.
62) 4) dialog: That's a pity, we need a doctor. We had one but they caught him a couple of months ago.
62) 6) dialog: That’s okay. Are you on any medication these days we should know of?
62) 8) dialog: Alright. So, welcome. You can stay with us for as long as you like. You can be a loner until the day you die, there’s no time limit.
62) 10) dialog: By the way, any romantic or sexual relations between loners are not permitted and any such acts are punished. Is that clear?
62) 12) dialog: Of course you can, so long as there is no touching or flirting or anything like that. That applies at dance nights too. We all dance by ourselves, that’s why we only play electronic music. We have dance nights every now and then.
65) 0) text: Loner Leader watches a pig eating some weeds. She creeps without making a sound and slips a lead around its neck. start walking in the woods. Wherever the animal stops, th leader digs into the ground with her hands as if looking something. She then gets up, wipes the soil off her hands continues walking the pig. 69 48.
66) 0) text: The loners stand in rows and exercise. Loner Leader check their technique, corrects them whenever necessary, and ye at the lazy ones. FEMALE V.O. That was the first time I saw him. He was exercising three rows behind me but because I’m shortsighted, I couldn’t see him clearly. In any case, he seemed quite presentable. We see a woman, whom we’ll soon get to know as SHORTSIGHT WOMAN, exercising and looking at David. David does what t others do, a little confused but determined at the same t
66) 2) dialog: Try harder. Pull the trap open with your hands. Positive thinking is everything at times like this. Don’t give up. You know, you should've been more careful. Try harder. Or they'll find you and you'll be turned into an animal. A weak one. The other loners laugh. LONER LEADER (CONT’D) We must get a move on now. It’s really too dangerous to stay here. The hotel guests could be here any minute. (MORE )
66) 3) text: 70 49. LONER LEADER (CONT’D) If you manage to free yourself, run as fast as you can and come find us. If you manage to free yourself but think that you’1l die from the bleeding, go straight to your grave. Have you dug your own grave?
66) 5) dialog: Very good. That’s enough for now. Let’s split up and spread out. We'll rendezvous tonight at meeting point four.
69) 0) text: The Maid walks and stops under a tree. She looks left and right, as if she’s waiting for someone. She then looks at watch. Loner Leader appears. She kisses the Maid’s hand.
69) 2) dialog: Morning. Did you bring the stuff I asked for?
69) 4) dialog: What about the shampoo?
69) 6) dialog: You're terrific, you know that?
69) 8) dialog: It’ll all be over soon. Be patient and don't forget to take your birth- control pills. I'll say it again, it’s terrific what you’re doing. Loner Leader hugs the Maid.
70) 0) text: Loners sit around the woods and rest after the hunt. Lone Swimmer eats fruit, Shortsighted Woman listens to music o her headphones, Bandaged Loner reads a book. Beside him s a female loner who also has bandages on her mouth - she’s probably the other loner punished with the Red Kiss tortu David sits next to Loner Leader. 74 75 53. She rubs a hydrating cream onto her hands and face. She offers some to David but he declines with a shake of his head.
70) 1) dialog: Tomorrow we’re going into town. We're going to buy some new books as some people have been complaining that they’ve read the same book two or three times over. Also, someone lost the second volume of “Crime and Punishment” during a chase and lots of people have read the first part and are waiting to see what happened next. You can come, if you like.
70) 3) dialog: Excellent. Then you should clean up. We must look like very decent, presentable couples tomorrow. Make sure you cut your nails and comb your hair.
70) 5) dialog: No, that won’t be necessary.
71) 0) text: Loner Leader pulls a plastic bag out of a tree takes some “civilian” clothes from inside. She suit.
71) 1) dialog: Hope it fits.
76) 0) text: The four loners stand outside the front door of a house. Loner Leader rings the doorbell. An elderly gentleman ope the door. 80 56.
76) 1) dialog: Dad? The gentleman hugs her.
77) 0) text: Loner Leader talks to a dog near a kennel, but we can’t h what’s being said. The rest sit around a large table and drink orange squash. The couples are very tender with eac other. David checks on Loner Leader from time to time. We don't know what connects her to the animal; if it was her brother, sister, uncle or just some normal dog. She comes back to the table and sits down.
77) 2) dialog: I'm afraid not, Dad. We’re heading back again today. Tomorrow I’m going away on a business trip. You know how demanding my job is, don’t ask if I can stay a few days every time I come.
78) 1) dialog: Well done. For your first day in town, you did great. That bit about holiday destinations in the Mediterranean was brilliant.
82) 0) text: Loner Leader gives the other loners clothes like the ones worn by the hotel guests and a few pistols. She opens the blue folder the Maid gave her. The loners pay close attention. They are silent and highly disciplined.
82) 1) dialog: Good evening everyone and good luck. I hope you can read my handwriting without any trouble. The room numbers are as follows. Room 206, couple with nice voices. Room 240, couple who both love to ski. Room 282, couple who both studied, I’m sorry, I can’t quite make it out, couple who both studied.. I think it’s social sciences. Pier, couple prone to nosebleeds. David waits in line. He also takes a set of clothes.
83) 0) text: The loners walk through the woods with flashlights. They don’t talk, or if they do they whisper. First in line is Loner Leader. Shortsighted Woman follows. David is last i line. He looks slightly worried.
84) 0) text: The loners open a small gate using the key the maid gave and enter the hotel gardens. They check to see if there a any waiter guards around and hide behind some bushes. Dav goes up to Loner Leader.
84) 1) dialog: You and you take 206, you and you take 240, you, you and you take 282, you take the pier. David jumps in.
84) 3) dialog: Okay then, you go to the pier and you go to 282. We have half an hour. The loners split up and head off in different directions.
85) 0) text: Loner Leader, Loner Swimmer and Shortsighted Woman stand a couple naked in bed. Loner Leader speaks to the couple, aiming her gun at them. She takes a look at the note the gave her.
85) 1) dialog: So, you both have nice voices, is that right?
85) 3) dialog: Do you prefer singing duets or when one of you sings the lead and the other does backing vocals?
85) 5) dialog: You, if we kill this woman, do you think you'll manage on your own or will you get involved with someone else?
85) 7) dialog: Do you think this woman can survive on her own, or not? What’s your opinion?
85) 9) dialog: If we kill this man, do you think you'll manage on your own or will you get involved with someone else?
85) 11) dialog: Do you believe this man can make it on his own?
89) 0) text: The loners dance, everyone on their own. Electronic music plays. David does not dance. He tries to find Shortsighte Woman amongst the others. He sees her but before he has t to approach her, Loner Leader goes up to David. 93 64.
89) 1) dialog: Why aren’t you dancing?
89) 3) dialog: Did you dig your own grave?
89) 5) dialog: I don’t mean to pressure you, or to ruin the mood now that we’re celebrating, but at some point you'll have to do it. Don’t expect anyone else to dig your grave for you, or to carry your corpse. We’1ll throw some dirt over you but that’s about it. Tomorrow find a spot you like where the ground isn’t too rocky and make a start. Enjoy the rest of your evening.
93) 0) text: During the voice over, we see various scenes from the liv of the loners. 97 67. Loners watching a dog attacking a seal in the middle of t woods, a loner fighting with another loner, a loner lying dead, loners washing themselves in the river, Loner Leade feeding the pig. FEMALE V.O. We've developed a code so that we can communicate with each other, even in front of the others, without them knowing what we are saying. A handstand means “I miss you so much”. When we turn our heads to the left it means “I love you more than anything in the world” and when we turn our heads to the right it means “Watch out, we're in danger.” We had to be very careful in the beginning not to mix up “I love you more than anything in the world” with “Watch out, we're in danger.” When we raise our left arm it means “I want to dance in your arms”. When we make a fist and put it behind our backs it means “Let’s fuck, I’m horny”. The code grew more and more as time went by and within a few weeks we could talk about almost anything without even opening our mouths. About history, music, our childhood, everything. INT. LONER LEADER'S PARENTS’ HOUSE - MORNING Loner Leader, Loner Swimmer (her supposed husband), her father and her mother, sit on the sofa. They all seem relaxed, they’ve been drinking and they’re enjoying the stories told by the elderly couple. David and Shortsighte Woman sit in a corner.
93) 3) dialog: That’s enough. Show my parents some respect, they’re playing you music.
93) 5) dialog: No mother, it is not okay. Please, continue.
93) 7) dialog: Something else.
94) 0) text: Loner Leader and Loner Swimmer go on ahead. David and Shortsighted Woman follow behind. They regret being so intimate at the gathering. David tries to read Loner Lead to figure out if she suspects them or not.
95) 0) text: The loners eat fruit together. Loner Leader hands out bananas. They sit around a tree trunk. David covers his l eye with his hand. Shortsighted Woman does a handstand. 100 69. All part of their secret code that nobody else understand pink flamingo stands in the distance.
96) 2) dialog: Read me the notes.
96) 4) dialog: That’s enough. Where did you find it?
96) 6) dialog: No. One of the hotel guests must have dropped it. None of us would have written such drivel. She takes the notebook and leaves.
97) 0) text: Loner Leader goes up to Shortsighted Woman. She’s reading book by torchlight. Loner Leader sits next to her and tal to her in a really friendly tone of voice.
97) 1) dialog: You're reading?
97) 3) dialog: Wouldn't it be amazing if you could read without the help of glasses or contacts?
97) 5) dialog: I'd like to ask you a favour.
97) 7) dialog: Do you have a sheet of white paper, by any chance? I want to make a list of the stuff we need from town and there’s no paper left in my notebook. Shortsighted Woman looks in her backpack for her notebook She starts rummaging, distressed. LONER LEADER (CONT’D) It’s fine if you don’t have any. I’1l ask someone else. 71.
97) 9) dialog: Don’t worry. It doesn’t matter. Tomorrow when we go into town I’1l make a note to buy you a new one. Loner Leader tenderly touches Shortsighted Woman on her shoulder and leaves. 102 INT. DOCTOR’S SURGERY WAITING ROOM - MORNING Loner Leader, Loner Narrator and Shortsighted Woman are i waiting room. The three women are seated on a sofa. There a coffee table with past issues of various magazines in f of them. Loner Narrator reads one of these magazines.
97) 11) dialog: Don’t be afraid. No-one will suspect a thing. I bet you weren’t expecting this surprise. Isn’t it wonderful?
97) 13) dialog: What’s there to think about? If it’s better to see clearly or to be shortsighted, is that it? That’s absurd, you know that. Anyway, this doctor is the best there is, it’s really very difficult to get an appointment. I called him months ago to get him to see you today. A SECRETARY goes up to them and shows them the door to th doctor’s office. 103 104 105 106 72. INT. DOCTOR’S OFFICE - MORNING The DOCTOR sits behind his desk. Loner Leader and Shortsighted Woman sit in two chairs opposite him. This i typical doctor’s office: big wooden bookcase, a mix of ol fashioned and modern furniture, some framed prints of fam paintings. The doctor’s hands are shiny and clean, like t hands of most doctors.
97) 15) dialog: Thank you very much, doctor. Shortsighted woman doesn’t speak. She makes quite an effo to appear happy but doesn’t make a very good job of it.
99) 0) text: Loner Leader sits and waits. The Doctor brings out Shortsighted Woman, whose eyes are bandaged up. Loner Narrator approaches Shortsighted Woman and gives her a hu She then puts her jacket over Shortsighted Woman’s should and fixes her hair with her hands. Loner Leader pays the Doctor. He has a quiet word with Loner Leader but we cann hear what he says very clearly.
100) 0) text: Shortsighted Woman, kneeling on the ground, holds a knife looks like there’s just been a fight. She’s flushed red. 73. Unable to see, her eyes still bandaged up, Shortsighted W threatens anyone who might be close to her with her knife Loner Leader and Loner Narrator keep their distance.
100) 1) dialog: Throw down your knife and stand up.
100) 3) dialog: You're being completely irrational. I understand you’re upset by the unexpected results but to accuse me is very insulting to say the least. The doctor said there were some unforeseen complications after your surgery. That is all. Who would have guessed such a simple procedure could have such catastrophic results? No one. Anyway, what reason could I possibly have had to do such a hideous thing on purpose?
100) 5) dialog: I have no idea what you’re talking about. The drugs are messing with your head. If I were you, I’d try and be a little braver about the whole thing. Now get up and give me the knife, or I’1l hit you and take it by force. Shortsighted Woman says nothing. She’s still holding the knife in a threatening manner. LONER LEADER (CONT’D) Here I come. Loner Leader signals to Loner Narrator, who goes over to Shortsighted Woman. She grabs the hand holding the knife they begin to fight. Loner Leader speaks close to Loner Narrator’s head, so that the Shortsighted Woman, who is n blind, thinks she’s wrestling with Loner Leader.
100) 7) dialog: No, don’t, please. Let go of my hair, you're hurting me. 74. Shortsighted Woman has grabbed Loner Narrator by the hair now stabs her in the stomach. Loner Leader stays close so that it seems it’s really her fighting Shortsighted Woman groans in pain with each stab. LONER LEADER (CONT’D) Have mercy, please, [groans] don’t kill me. Just think [groans] that when someone [groans] goes blind, one of their other senses [groans] is heightened. Touch, hearing, smell [groans]. You’1ll smell better, hear better. You’1ll feel things with your fingers and know what it is you’re touching [groans]. Silence. Loner Narrator has been dead some time now. Shortsighted Woman raises herself up a little. She feels the dead woman’s body with her hands and takes her pulse. puts down the bloody knife, wipes her hands and gets up. is when Loner Leader begins her monologue again. Shortsig Woman jumps in fear. LONER LEADER (CONT’D) You could also catch a dog in the woods and train it to guide you. Dogs can do that, you know. I’1l help you catch a dog myself. Now that I think of it, your sense of touch may already be heightened. Let’s find out right now. I’1l put something in your hand and you tell me what it is. Okay? Loner Leader gives her something and closes her hand arou it tight. LONER LEADER (CONT’D) Make a fist. Feel what it is, feel its shape. It’s not difficult. Shortsighted Woman falls down and screams. Loner Leader continues to squeeze her fist. LONER LEADER (CONT’D) What is it? What is it? I’1ll give you a little more time to guess but I can’t wait much longer. What is it? Shortsighted Woman screams. Loner Leader lets go of her h She opens her fist and her palm is covered blood. LONER LEADER (CONT’D) Time’s up. It’s a small razor blade. (MORE )
100) 8) text: LONER LEADER (CONT’D) It seems your sense of touch hasn’t improved yet but it’1ll happen, you'll see. Now get up. If you carry on acting like this I’m going to leave you here and I don’t think you'll manage to find meeting point two on your own.
102) 0) text: Some loners sleep, others listen to music around a batter operated lantern. David lies on the ground and seems very sad. Loner Leader goes up to David, holding a pig on a le
102) 1) dialog: I’m going to hunt for truffles. Do you want to come and keep me company?
102) 3) dialog: We won’t be long. I’ve found a spot where there are lots of them. We won't be long, I promise. Come on. David gets up.
103) 0) text: David and Loner Leader walk through the woods holding flashlights. David looks scared. He doesn’t know if he’s about to be punished as well.
103) 1) dialog: Thanks for coming with me. Something terrible happened today and I needed some company.
103) 3) dialog: Didn't you hear what happened in town?
103) 5) dialog: Shortsighted Woman had an operation and went blind. It’s so very sad. And then my deputy leader was killed on our way back. She was attacked by a jaguar. I’m really very upset because I was thinking of making Shortsighted Woman deputy leader as she’s very capable and loyal. But then I gave it some thought and realised that now it will be difficult for her to command so many people. The next person I thought could take on such a responsibility is you. 78.
103) 7) dialog: Don’t thank me. I trust you completely and I consider you one of the best loners I’ve seen in years. I know you won't disappoint me in any way. If something happens to me, you will take over. Take a few days to think about it and let me know when you’re ready. Here’s the place with the truffles. You can’t imagine how many there are. I wanted you to come with me and see it for yourself. If you become deputy leader, you’ll need to know where in the woods you can find lots of truffles.
108) 0) text: David walks through the woods with Loner Leader. He stops some point and looks around.
108) 1) dialog: How do you like this place here?
108) 3) dialog: It is nice, and more importantly very quiet because of the rocks you have to climb to get here. Can you imagine why I brought you to such a quiet place today?
108) 5) dialog: Because I think it’s the perfect spot for your grave. It was my second choice for my own grave, but in the end I decided on a place a little to the north of here because there are fewer dogs around there, digging all the time for bones. She takes a small pickaxe from her pocket and gives it to him. David starts to dig. After a while he gets tired and stops. He’s only managed to dig a small hole. He climbs i it but his whole body won’t fit. He tries to fit as best can. LONER LEADER (CONT’D) You have to make it bigger so you'll fit better. As I said, there are a lot of dogs around here. Now cover yourself with soil. Use your hands. He scoops some soil onto his body and sits there a little motionless. LONER LEADER (CONT’D) Over your face too. You wouldn’t want your face to get eaten, would you? David puts more soil over his face and body. He seems terrified. LONER LEADER (CONT’D) Can you see how great this spot is? 82.
108) 7) dialog: If you die before me, I’1l visit you as often I can. I promise. David stays motionless.
110) 0) text: David attacks a woman in the dark. He hits her. She falls unconscious and we see the face of Loner Leader. He takes roll of gaffer tape from his pocket, ties her up and gags mouth. He then drags her away.
111) 0) text: Loner Leader, tied up, lies in David's freshly dug grave. Dogs circle the shallow pit. Loner Leader tries in vain t cut herself loose. 120 84.