61) 2) dialog: Don’t shoot. I can tell you where the others are hiding. What would you prefer, one extra day or a whole extra week, maybe even two weeks?
61) 4) dialog: Did your time run out or did you lie and get caught?
61) 6) dialog: Okay. I got away about a year ago. Don’t worry. There’s nothing to be afraid of now. So long as they don’t catch you.
62) 0) text: Loner Swimmer takes David to the LONER LEADER, a woman of around 30. She and the rest of the LONERS wear the same waterproof capes and carry backpacks with their personal belongings. David seems a little bit lost as he tries to adapt to the current situation which he wasn’t prepared f He looks around amazed at all these loners who form this autonomous community in the forest.
62) 1) dialog: I found him out in the woods. He escaped from the hotel. He didn’t lie, his time ran out.
63) 0) text: Loner Swimmer, aided by a BANDAGED LONER with bloodied bandages over his mouth, gives David a waterproof cape, a portable CD player, a pocket-sized game of solitaire, the book “Of Mice and Men” by John Steinbeck and a knife. Dav realizes that he’s going to be a proper member of this gr As these changes are taking place David acts in a mechani way, without really thinking where all this will lead him looks at Bandaged Loner. There’s fresh blood on his banda
63) 2) dialog: He can’t talk. He was given the Red Kiss.
63) 4) dialog: We slashed his lips with a razor and the lips of another loner and we forced them to kiss each other. That was a few days ago now but the cuts were deep and they’re still in pain. They were flirting, you know. Check if the portable CD player works properly otherwise I’1l have to find you some new batteries. Davis presses play on the CD player. Music plays. He push the stop button.
72) 0) text: hollow and hands David a A typical urban environment. Couples, cars, buses, kids, shops. David has his arm around Shortsighted Woman and Lo Leader has her arm around Loner Swimmer. They're dressed office workers. They walk through the town and enter a shopping centre. They seem happy. They stare at the shop windows, then browse random things like nail polish, pain brushes, cotton sheets and wooden frames. 76 77 54.
85) 0) text: Loner Leader, Loner Swimmer and Shortsighted Woman stand a couple naked in bed. Loner Leader speaks to the couple, aiming her gun at them. She takes a look at the note the gave her.
93) 0) text: During the voice over, we see various scenes from the liv of the loners. 97 67. Loners watching a dog attacking a seal in the middle of t woods, a loner fighting with another loner, a loner lying dead, loners washing themselves in the river, Loner Leade feeding the pig. FEMALE V.O. We've developed a code so that we can communicate with each other, even in front of the others, without them knowing what we are saying. A handstand means “I miss you so much”. When we turn our heads to the left it means “I love you more than anything in the world” and when we turn our heads to the right it means “Watch out, we're in danger.” We had to be very careful in the beginning not to mix up “I love you more than anything in the world” with “Watch out, we're in danger.” When we raise our left arm it means “I want to dance in your arms”. When we make a fist and put it behind our backs it means “Let’s fuck, I’m horny”. The code grew more and more as time went by and within a few weeks we could talk about almost anything without even opening our mouths. About history, music, our childhood, everything. INT. LONER LEADER'S PARENTS’ HOUSE - MORNING Loner Leader, Loner Swimmer (her supposed husband), her father and her mother, sit on the sofa. They all seem relaxed, they’ve been drinking and they’re enjoying the stories told by the elderly couple. David and Shortsighte Woman sit in a corner.
93) 2) dialog: Let’s not talk about unpleasant things. I can’t wait for you both to play us some music. Loner Leader's father begins to play the guitar. Her moth sitting beside him, begins to sing. David kisses Shortsig Woman on the hand. She begins to stroke his hair and then french kisses him for a long time. Loner Leader, annoyed, slaps them.
94) 0) text: Loner Leader and Loner Swimmer go on ahead. David and Shortsighted Woman follow behind. They regret being so intimate at the gathering. David tries to read Loner Lead to figure out if she suspects them or not.