17) 0) text: David enters the breakfast room wearing his trousers as normal. The breakfast room is very tidy and clean. David walks quickly, trying to find an empty table to sit at. Everybody looks at him as he walks by. He looks straight ahead the whole time. All the men wear the same clothes. the women do too. They all sit alone. There is only one c at each table in the room. He sees Limping Man, who was w him on the coach. He too has his arm tied behind his back All the new arrivals wear this same accessory. FEMALE V.O. His first day was one he would never forget so long as he lived. Beside the window opposite his table at breakfast sat a young woman with her head tilted back. Later he would learn that she often got nosebleeds. Next to her sat her best friend. Near the door, the woman who was with him on the coach offered a biscuit to a man drinking a Campari and soda for breakfast. He then looked behind him and saw a man and a woman he would meet in due course, and some others he would never meet during his stay at the hotel. We see NOSEBLEED WOMAN, her BEST FRIEND who stares at her Biscuit Woman (with one hand tied behind her back), CAMPA MAN, LISPING MAN and HEARTLESS WOMAN, characters we will to know later. Lisping Man is around 50 years old and Heartless Woman is around 35 and very beautiful. David spreads butter and marmalade on a slice of bread with one hand and eats. Limping Man and Lisping Man come up to his table.
21) 0) text: A big room, cheerfully decorated. Instrumental music play Some strobe lights hang from the ceiling and there are tw tables laden with sandwiches and refreshments. Couples da Two women Friend. A Heartless goes over sit at a table: Nosebleed Woman and her Best woman sits on her own at the next table. She is the Woman we saw at breakfast. Biscuit Woman enters and to her table.
21) 4) dialog: Of course. You are third in line. I'm first, then it’s my best friend, then you.
21) 6) dialog: She has no feelings whatsoever. Feels nothing at all. Just be careful around her, keep your distance. Understood?
21) 9) dialog: An assistant university professor. He’s not at the hotel any more. He left in 2009 after a year here. 282 captives. David approaches their table.
21) 11) dialog: I am. They go to dance. Romantic instrumental music plays. Ther are around ten couples on the dance floor. Limping Man da with a woman next to them and Lisping Man dances towards back. Next to them, the Hotel Manager dances with her partner. She smiles at him. He smiles back at her, trying be polite. Nosebleed Woman’s nose starts to bleed, staini David's shirt. NOSEBLEED WOMAN (CONT’D) I’m sorry, I’ve got blood on you. But don’t worry. There are many ways to remove blood stains from clothes quite easily. One is to wash the item in cold water and then rub it with sea salt. Another is to scrub the stains with cotton wool dipped in ammonia. (MORE )
21) 12) text: 25 26 27 28 19. NOSEBLEED WOMAN (CONT’D) The third way is to use water and flour mixed into a paste, like toothpaste, especially if the clothes are delicate or brightly coloured. But never use hot water on blood. Ever. David doesn’t seem to mind much. An alarm goes off. They run from the ballroom.
39) 0) text: Nosebleed Woman is swimming. Limping Man limps up to the pool’s edge and dives into the water. He swims up to her. David lies on a lounger by the pool and watches them chat
39) 2) dialog: Hello. 43 31.
39) 4) dialog: I like all the strokes equally. I perhaps like back stroke a little less because I can’t see where I’m going. I’m always afraid I’m going to hit a rock or bump into someone.
39) 6) dialog: Breast stroke is great. Excellent exercise for the back. Nosebleed Woman turns her head away to the left. When Lim Man is certain she can’t see him, he purposely knocks his head on the side of the pool and his nose starts to bleed acts as if nothing has happened.
39) 8) dialog: I think your nose is bleeding.
39) 10) dialog: I know. I have a nosebleed problem too.
41) 3) dialog: Me too.
41) 6) dialog: I’m against it.
41) 9) dialog: No.
42) 0) text: David, Nosebleed Woman, her Best Friend and Limping Man a looking at some children locked behind some railings in a large enclosure. They all wear identical clothes, tracksu Most of them are playing. One of the children comes up to them.
43) 0) text: Nosebleed Woman’s Best Friend and David are walking back their rooms, side by side. David looks at her, notices he figure, the way she walks, her hands, her necklace, her h David's voice grows softer. His tone changes.
44) 0) text: The Hotel Manager, Nosebleed Woman and her Best Friend si a table. The Best Friend is crying. Nosebleed Woman is no
44) 4) dialog: We always sat together at school and whenever I had a problem I talked to you about it because you always gave the best advice. When we didn’t manage to find dance partners at the school prom, the fact that we were together at that difficult moment gave me strength. I’m sorry things have come to this. I’m sure that if you had a few more days you'd find someone, just like I did, because you’re an admirable person and you have very beautiful hair and very nice breasts. I was always jealous of your hair, you know that. You were, are, and always will be my best friend and I‘1l think of you often and I‘1l always wear those silver earrings you gave me for my birthday. I’1l miss you and however many new girlfriends I make in a few days when I move back into town, I don’t think I'll find another as true or as beautiful as you. Nosebleed Woman’s Best Friend gets up and slaps her. The Hotel Manager separates them. Nosebleed Woman's nose is bleeding from the blows. NOSEBLEED WOMAN’S BEST FRIEND I'd like to watch the film “Stand By Me” with River Phoenix, Kiefer Sutherland and Richard Dreyfuss. Alone. 48 49 50 37.
45) 0) text: David looks out of his room window. The Maid holds a pony its reins. She opens the gate to the hotel grounds and se the pony free. Nosebleed Woman and Limping Man hug in the hotel entrance and wave goodbye to the pony. The pony doe run off. It just stands there, swishing its beautiful tai The room phone rings. The display reads 180. He doesn’t p up.
51) 0) text: David, Heartless Woman and the dog are out for a walk. Th couple walk hand in hand. They meet Limping Man, who is o walking with Nosebleed Woman and a LITTLE GIRL.
88) 0) text: David climbs aboard the yacht. He carefully looks through cabin window. Limping Man and Nosebleed Woman wear identi nautical striped outfits. His is stained with blood. Thei child, Elizabeth, also sits with them.
88) 2) dialog: No, I didn’t know that.
109) 0) text: David walks in the forest and comes across a pony. The an is probably the woman with the nice hair at the hotel, Nosebleed Woman’s Best Friend. David stares at the pony w a mixture of confusion and anger. His face is still full dirt.