3) 0) text: David sits in the armchair. The two men do not look at or talk to each other. The woman enters holding a glass of C Cola with ice and a slice of lemon. She leaves the glass front of the man eating the sandwich and then goes over t David. She looks at her watch and then out the window. Everyone waits in silence. They all avoid making eye cont David grabs a coffee table book from the coffee table nex him. He flicks through the pages quickly, looking at the pictures without any real interest. He just goes through motions. The dog sits next to him. FEMALE V.O. David picked up a book called “The Most Famous Lighthouses in the World” and pretended to read. He was thinking his wife didn’t love him at all anymore. He didn’t burst into tears and he didn’t stop to think that the first thing most people do when they realise someone doesn’t love them anymore is cry. The doorbell rings. The woman gets up and answers the do Two men dressed as WAITERS enter.
4) 0) text: The waiters lead David to a coach. The dog follows them a gets into the vehicle with David.
5) 0) text: There are another four people sitting on the coach. Two WOMEN, a BALD MAN and a BLOND MAN. They all sit in different parts of the coach. David takes a window seat. The waiters sit together behind the WAITER-DRIVER. One o two women gets up from her seat and goes sits. She looks at the dog and smiles at stroke him. She looks a little afraid of dog above his hind legs, as far from the possible.
6) 0) text: David looks out the window. They have left the town and t are some woods beside the road. Suddenly a rock hits the window. David is a little shocked. He notices that the waiters do not react. David sees some people wearing ponc running alongside the coach. They are shouting but we can hear what they are saying. More rocks strike the vehicle. driver speeds up and gets away. He is completely unfazed the incident. 10
7) 0) text: The coach goes through the hotel gates and comes to a sto The gates are opened by TWO WAITER-GUARDS, who wave to th driver. The waiters have automatic rifles slung across th backs. The hotel is a large building surrounded by a tall fence. It looks quite well-maintained and clean. The plan are in excellent condition and it is immediately clear th this is one of those large hotel complexes that can accommodate a large number of guests. At the entrance, th flags of various countries fly on tall poles. A number of people stand and watch from the room balconies. One of th waves. Biscuit Woman, filled with optimism, waves back. T passengers get off the coach. The two waiters lead them t the entrance in a line. Blond Man is slow and falls behin because of his limp. We will call him LIMPING MAN from no on.
10) 0) text: A large room, most of which is empty. In one corner of th room are four desks arranged in a row with some chairs. D gets undressed. He leaves his clothes with a WAITER and a MAID, who store them in a box. Sitting on chairs in just their underwear are the rest of the people who arrived wi David on the coach.
12) 0) text: David looks out the window. The coach pulls up outside th hotel entrance. Men and women, residents of the hotel, cl out of the coach carrying unconscious people. They dump t limp bodies next to a WAITER, who counts them, and the Ma takes notes in a folder. The phone rings. David answers i
13) 0) text: David sleeps in his clothes on the bed. The dog sleeps on floor. There is a knock at the door. David wakes up, fixe his hair a little and answers the door. The HOTEL MANAGER her HUSBAND enter. The Waiter and the Maid who were handi out shoes to the new guests follow them in. The Hotel Man is a woman of around 55. She is dressed formally and her is carefully styled. Almost like a sculpture.
18) 0) text: Limping Man, David and Lisping Man sit on the beach. Thre yachts are moored at the pier in front of them. The pier guarded by TWO ARMED WAITERS.
19) 0) text: The new arrivals at the hotel sit on four chairs on stage David sits last in line. There is a wireless microphone w they each take to speak. Behind the podium stands the Hot Manager. Her husband stands beside, and a little behind h 22 16. All the residents attending the event are sitting very quietly. The hall is half empty. Waiters and Maids stand randomly around the room, in pairs.
24) 0) text: We see male and female residents of the hotel get off the coach armed with their tranquilliser guns. They run off, holding powerful torches, in different directions to hunt LONERS who live in the woods. Some seem really excited. Others look bored. The waiters get off the coach and stan front of the vehicle. The driver switches off the coach headlights.
29) 6) dialog: He never returned. Either he was lost in the woods, was captured or... he escaped.
29) 8) dialog: Alright.
30) 0) text: David sits alone at a table. He drinks milk. Behind him t Hotel Manager, a waiter and the Maid are speaking with Lisping Man. We cannot see him. We can only hear him.
31) 0) text: The Maid and the 50-Year-Old Waiter stand in the middle o the stage. The hotel guests sit and watch. The Hotel Mana talks to the audience with a microphone. Besides her stan her partner, as usual.
46) 0) text: David holds a bag of golf clubs and watches a couple play basketball one on one in the court from behind the wire fence. They’re having fun, they yell and kiss. David is fixated by them. FEMALE V.O. When I was at the hotel, I never much left my room. Hardly ever. I went there around four years ago. From the very first day I knew there was no one there who interested me. I used to listen to a lot of French music back then, and no one else listened to French music there. I stayed for 19 days. I let a waiter fuck me in order to help me escape. After he’d fucked me he said that he wouldn’t let me go and that I’d better just go back to my room and quick. I killed him and left. I also killed a resident who tried to stop me leaving because he said he liked me.
54) 0) text: Heartless Woman reaches the first-floor corridor and trie each door one by one. She sees a door slightly ajar. She pushes it open and enters. She sees a WOMAN giving a WAIT blow job. A second waiter, the 30-year-old waiter, is fuc her while a third, the 50-year-old waiter, sits watching chair and wanks off.
58) 0) text: The Hotel Manager runs to the couple’s room with two wait She sees the dead dog. She signals to the waiters to set the alarm. “You Give Love A Bad Name” by Bon Jovi plays loudly throughout the building. FEMALE V.O. He began to run without knowing where he was headed but he was headed towards us. This was the start of his new life and back then, he didn’t know how much it hurts to be alone, how much it hurts when you cannot reach to rub tiger balm on your upper back and you are constantly in pain.
68) 0) text: The waiter-driver and the Maid, who joined him for the journey, sit outside the coach. The Maid is the one who helped David escape. She picks up a bag and slings it ove her back.
84) 0) text: The loners open a small gate using the key the maid gave and enter the hotel gardens. They check to see if there a any waiter guards around and hide behind some bushes. Dav goes up to Loner Leader.
87) 0) text: Two waiters guard the yachts moored at the pier. Automati rifles are slung across their backs. But they seem relaxe and not very alert. The light is on in one of the three yachts.
116) 0) text: Shortsighted Woman sits on her own at the table and waits The waiter fills her glass with water and leaves. We hear many different voices and a door opening and closing. A couple sits down at the table next to her. 87. Shortsighted Woman takes a small sip of water and puts he glass back down on the table. Beside her is the restauran front window, which looks onto a main road. Cars go by. Various couples walk past, some of them have kids, others dog. The scene lasts some time. THE END.