49) 5) text: Schaefer goes back into the room, looking down at the unconscious guerrilla, racking a round into the chamber, reloading his weapon. He kneels, staring into the FACE of a WOMAN, ANNA, dark, late twenties.  Despite her blood and dirt-smeared face, she is beautiful.
53) 31) text: Schaefer turns away from Dillon and steps through the doorway into the palapa as Anna moans again, MUMBLING something in Spanish.  Dillon kneels, beside her.
54) 14) text: Schaefer turns.  Dillon is at the doorway, supporting the still groggy Anna.
55) 6) text: He turns and looks at Dillon, Anna as his side, her forehead bandaged, her hands bound in front of her. He turns back to the others.
56) 1) dialog: (in Spanish) You touch me again, pig, and I will cut off your balls!
56) 9) text: MAc unsheathes his knife.  He gives Dillon a cold look and turns him by the shoulders.  Crawling across the PACK on Dillon's back is a huge SCORPION. Mac skeweres the scorpion with the tip of his blade, holding it before the wincing Dillon.  Anna smirks, nodding to the writhing, stinging insect.
56) 10) dialog: (in Spanish) When my people catch you, you'll wish you were him.
56) 16) text: Mac flings the scorpion to the ground, crushing it with his boot.  He looks up at Dillon, walks away. Dillon follows, pulling Anna behind him. Billy, guarding the rear, glances furtively around the clearing.  He moves a step forward and stops, freezing. Slowly he turns back, his eyes riveted upon the treeline above the camp.  His eyes strain, his senses registering a fear he cannot name or see. Something is out there, in the trees, waiting, watching. Billy turns and walks into the jungle, pausing one last time to look behind him before he too disappears from sight. The jungle GROWS SILENT.
60) 0) text: Have fallen behind, Dillon looking worriedly ahead at the them out distancing them.  Anna is keeping her pace purposefully slow.  She trips on a root falling to the ground.  She lies there, motionless. He quickly reaches down to haul her to her feet.
60) 6) text: Like an uncoiled spring, Anna turns, flinging a handful of DIRT into his face, momentarily blinding him.  She lunges for his rifle with her bound hands. Suddenly the BARREL of an MP-5 is thrust into her face. Looking up she SEES Ramirez, calmly holding the weapon on her, the look in his eyes indicating he'd hove no trouble shooting her.
60) 10) text: Dillon moves on, ignoring Ramirez, who turns, scanning the jungle behind him before moving on.  Dillon catches up with Anna, turning her sharply by the chin.
63) 0) text: Sensing an ambush, move quietly into the foliage. Dillon moves into the undergrowth, dragging Anna with him.  He slings his MP-5 over his shoulder, withdrawing his KNIFE.  Grasping Anna by her shirt collar and pushing her to the ground he holds the weapon near her throat.  Dillon signals to Ramirez who approaches.  Dillon hands Ramirez the knife.
63) 7) text: Before Ramirez can respond, Dillon slips into the undergrowth.  Ramirez holds the knife on Anna, cautiously scanning around him for movement. Unseen by Ramirez, Anna's outstretched hands slowly tighten around a stout ROOT-BURL, lying loose on the ground.
65) 0) text: Sensing the danger has passed, Ramirez releases his grip on Anna.  As they start to rise, Ramirez sheaths his knife and unslings his MP-5.  Anna still stares hard into the jungle. Suddenly, without even looking, Anna with the trained reflexes of an experienced fighter swings the BURL with all her might, catching Ramirez hard on the side of the head, just above the eye, opening a wicked gash. Spinning around she knees him brutally in the groin. As Ramirez goes down, doubled over in pain, Anna turns, scrambling up the embankment, running for the jungle. Ramirez CRIES out.
67) 0) text: SEES Anna running away.  He gives chase. Anna, although bound, is light and fit and runs fast, hurdling fallen logs and branches, charging through the undergrowth.  SHe has a good start. Hawkins, hampered by the radio and weapon but in tremendous shape, thunders after her, closing the distance.
68) 0) text: Anna, bursting through a grove of ferns, drives on, breathing hard with the exertion.
68) 8) dialog: (in Spanish) Look out, behind you!!!
71) 0) text: Entering the alleyway where Hawkins was killed he SEES Anna, cowering in the bushes, her blood splattered face glazed with terror, his eyes vacant.  He approaches, angry, wary, but the girl is so stunned. He SEES the trail of BLOOD and CRUSHED GRASSES leading into the jungle.  He gives a LOW WHISTLE and then moves on, the rest of the team assuming defensive positions around the clearing. He follows the trail, finding first Hawkins' blood-covered weapon, and then, a few yards later, the radio.  Ramirez cautiously parts the brush before him.  A look of puzzlement and then revulsion comes of his face.
74) 0) text: The entire team is gathered, still holding defensive positions.  Anna, still stunned, is beginning to come around.  She looks up at Schaefer.  He turns to Ramirez.
74) 11) text: Schaefer, looking at Hawkins' bloodstained equipment lying at Anna's feet, looks up.
79) 3) text: At these words, Anna reacts in shock, drawing a slight breath.  Schaefer turns, sees her staring at Mac.  He turns back.
79) 6) text: Schaefer turns back to see Anna, staring fixidly at Mac, watching his lips.  Schaefer turns quickly to Blain's body and kneels alongside Dillon.
79) 13) text: Schaefer stands, looking at the body.  In the b.g. Anna drifts away from the group.
79) 32) dialog: as they leave approaches the brush, her attention focused on something clinging to the leaves, well off to the side of where Mac saw the Hunter.  She draws closer, reaching out, hesitant, as if drawn magnetically to the leaves.
80) 1) dialog: examines the blood, transfixed.  Dillon appears at her shoulder, startling her.  He motions for her to return. She turns, wiping the blood onto her pants leg.
81) 14) dialog: is huddles into a foxhole, her hands still tied in front of her.  She looks down at her pants leg.  The Hunter's BLOODSTAIN glows with a faint luminosity.  She places her fingers near the stain.
83) 0) text: A momentary HUSH falls over the symphony of night sounds.  Anna and Billy turn towards the trees with a growing look of wariness.  The others, setting up the RADIO, show no response.
85) 11) text: He puts down the phone, turning to the group, huddled together in a tight circle, Ramirez and Billy facing outward in defensive positions, Anna, silent, watching. Schaefer is look at him.
85) 33) text: Ramirez turns to Anna.  They talk quietly in Spanish, Dillon watching, listening carefully.  Ramirez turns back to Dillon.
89) 9) text: Nearby, unnoticed by the men, Anna stoops, her hands still bound, picking up an MP-5 from the ground.  She turns, looking for an avenue of escape, running for the jungle. But the forest looks foreboding and sinister.  She stops, staring at the jungle, the moonlight reflected off leaves like a thousand eyes.  For a brief second she imagines she can see the Hunter's eyes, crashing towards her, the shifting patterns of light and dark making the jungle seem to strobe, like it is about to rush in at her.  She freezes, paralyzed by fear, by her memories of the attack. She drops the MP-5 to the ground. Back at the foxhole, Schaefer and Ramirez help the still shaken Mac from the hole.  Schaefer looks at Mac, at the huge gash across his chest.
89) 14) text: Suddenly he remembers, Anna.
89) 16) text: They all turn, ready to move and then stop.  Coming forth from the shadows Anna appears, still frightened, seeking the security of the soldiers. From the darkness nearby, Billy's VOICE in a hoarse WHISPER.
89) 21) text: Anna appears between Schaefer and Ramirez, staring down at the empty, blood-soaked body bag.  She looks up, into Schaefer's eyes.
90) 0) text: A patchy GROUND FOG covers the area.  Anna, in her foxhole, awakens, LISTENING to the rising SOUNDS of the jungle.  MONKEYS begin to forage, their noisy CHATTERING and SCREECHING filling the air. A BIRD flutters back to its nest; a CHAMELEON emerges onto a leaf, directly above Anna's head.
90) 27) dialog: I don't know what it was. It...
90) 28) text: Dillon does a double take.  Schaefer continues to look at Anna.  He wasn't surprised:  he knew it yesterday.
90) 30) dialog: It changes colors, like the chameleon.  It uses the jungle...
90) 39) dialog: Anna.
90) 49) text: Dillon stares back, not wanting to hear what he already knows to be true. Anna touches Schaefer's arm.
90) 50) dialog: There is something else.  When the big man was killed, you must have wounded it. (pause) It's blood was on the leaves.
91) 0) text: Anna at the base of the rocks scans the jungle with binoculars watching the tree line.  Mac moves past her, uncoiling a trip wire linking up four CLAYMORE mines hidden at various points with leaves and foliage.  In a tree at the edge of the clearing, Billy tosses an uncoiling roll of wire to Ramirez who attaches it to a GRENADE, wedged it the crouch of a tree. Wires attached to GRENADES and CLAYMORE MINES lead off through the underbrush and trees leaving a long, unmined corridor leading from the camp and into the jungle. At the corridor's end, where the rocks merge with the jungle, Schaefer hauls down on a HEAVY VINE, straining with every ounce of strength, his muscles bulging, while Dillon takes up the slack of the vine
92) 0) text: Morning passes.  Fog lifts as the sun creeps into the jun Insects swarm and are fed upon by BIRDS and other predato At the entranceway to the rock outcropping, the net and t are hidden beneath the leaves, the framework of the trigg bulging with tension from the straining vine attached to bent tree. At the other end of the corridor, several meters above th jungle floor, Schaefer and his team, heavily camouflaged, nearly invisible, lie hidden, waiting.  The team members, if hypnotized by the BUZZING din, stare into the jungle, fixated, alert. ANNA while waiting at the net:
92) 1) dialog: (hushed) When I was little we find a man -- (she struggles for the words) -- like a butcher.  The old ones in the village cross themselves and whisper crazy things.  'Demonio, cazador de trofoes...Only the hottest times of the hottest years...'  Crazy things...This year is grows hot.  And we begin finding our men.  We find them sometimes without their skin. Sometimes...much, much worse.  Cazador de trofoes...means the demon who takes trophies.
94) 0) text: The limb CRASHES down from the trees, Schaefer, Dillon, Billy and Mac Diving for safety.  But Ramirez, following the Hunter's leap, SEES too late the pendular movement of the severed limb and is struck a THUDDING blow in the ribs, which lifts him off his feet, hurling him backwards like a rag doll, his shirt torn open, exposing a BLOODY WOUND. As Anna runs to Ramirez's side the others, still stunned, look upward, frozen in shock SEEING:  THE HUNTER, clinging to a side of a tree, flushed bright crimson. Dillis is dumbfounded, like the others, rooted to the ground staring upward.
94) 24) text: Hefting both weapons at the hip he runs into the jungle after Mac.  Schaefer watches him leave.  He breaks and goes to Ramirez, attended by Anna and Billy, who is now sitting up, holding his ribs and gasping for breath.
97) 0) text: Anna in the lead, followed by Schaefer carrying Ramirez on his back.  Billy, carrying the RADIO is covering them from above, as they skitter and slide down the loose gravel of a rocky slope, leading to a river crossing.
102) 0) text: spanning the narrow gorge, Schaefer and Anna with Ramirez between them, move onto the log, preparing to cross.  They stop, HEARING Dillon's GUNFIRE.
103) 0) text: The jungle is still deathly SILENT.  Schaefer, Anna and Ramirez cross the log, moving onto the other side. Billy, still at the foot of the log, providing cover, turns to face the jungle. He lifts his head towards the trees, feeling the onrushing presence of the Hunter.  He shrugs off the radio letting it fall, smashing into the rocks below. He casts away his weapon.  Staring forward he reaches into his cargo pocket, withdrawing a small GREASE-PAINT TIN.  Covering his finger in BLACK PAINT he applies dark slashes under his eyes and again, vertically down his cheeks.  Taking another dap of paint he makes a SYMBOL on his bare skin, over his heart. He drops the tin, withdrawing his COMBAT KNIFE.  Holding the knife he grasps the MEDICINE BAG around his neck, yanking it free with a quick snap.  He wraps the leather thong around his hand and knife, binding the weapon and bag together. Staring outward, as if in a trance, he begins a low CHANT. On the other side, Schaefer carrying Ramirez on his back, laboring up the steep slope, nearing the top, turns and SEES Billy standing, waiting at the foot of the bridge.
105) 2) text: Schaefer sweeps Anna behind him as Ramirez struggles to his feet.  Together they back up, covering the ridgeline over which they've just come. Suddenly, from one side, near Ramirez, the Hunter bursts from the jungle, Ramirez, seeing the Hunter, spins raising his weapons to fire... Ramirez SEES the Hunter's onrushing face, still in camouflage, a montage of organic textures and colors, his yellow eyes burning. Whipping the MP-5 is the direction of the Hunter he is hurled backwards from the impact of the Hunter's weapon, his neck gushing BLOOD, the MP-5 flying through the air, landing in front of Anna.  She moves for the weapon... The Hunter, with unearthly speed, turns towards Anna, as Schaefer starts to spin, SEEING the Hunter about to strike as Anna dives for the weapon. Schaefer lunges kicking the MP-5 out of Anna's reach.
132) 2) text: Schaefer spins, his breath catching at the sound of Anna's voice.  Wide-eyed, straining, he waits, hearing only the muted FLOWING of water, the HISSING and POPPING of the dying fire above, the shadows growing longer, darker with each minute. And then again, Anna's VOICE.
148) 0) text: The door gunner swings the M-60 into firing position, pointing it at Schaefer.  He racks the bolt, loading a round. The crewmen look tense, frightened. Anna, standing next to the door gunner, stares at the strange creature before her, narrowing her eyes, uncertain.  Is there something familiar about the figure?
148) 3) dialog: NOOOOOO!!!!!!
150) 8) text: He looks at Anna, her eyes meeting his, as if asking for an explanation.  She looks at him a moment before turning back to Schaefer, staring at him as if he were risen from the dead. She looks into Schaefer's face, Schaefer returning her look, recognition passing between them.  Anna extends her hand.  Schaefer slowly reaches out, touching her fingers, then clasping her hand. Schaefer turns his eyes to stare out the open door, beyond the passing jungle below, out to the heavens. He turns back, looking at Anna, a faint smile crossing his face...they made it.