7) 7) text: Billy looks back, shaking his head, uncomprehending.
20) 19) dialog: Major, looks like there were ten, maybe twelve guerrillas.  Looks like they took some prisoners from the chopper. (points) Then a different set of track, over there.
20) 21) dialog: Six others, U.S. issue jungle boots.  They came in from the north, then followed the guerrillas.
20) 25) text: Schaefer is obviously concerned about this.  He turns to Billy.
20) 31) text: Billy takes up the trail, disappearing in to the jungle. Ramirez signals, the team moves out.
21) 0) text: As Billy reconnoiters, Ramirez looks back and gives a sign... Schaefer nods and rappels down cliff. As he joins Ramirez, there seem to be butterflies everywhere --         
25) 0) text: The hillside of a steep valley, dark and foreboding. Billy passes by and halts, removing his KNIFE.  With his other hand he pulls down from overhead a THICK VINE, severing it.  A thin stream of WATER emerges which he drinks. Suddenly he stops, letting the water drip to the ground.  He quietly releases the vine and brings his M-203 shotgun to bear, listening intently.  Something seems wrong.  He brings his eyes upward and stares, hard into the treeline of the opposing hillside. As his eyes strain to penetrate the dense, intertwined canopy, he is engulfed by the rising SOUNDS of the JUNGLE, a cacophony of BUZZING and CLICKING, amplified in the sweltering heat of the day.  Unable to locate a source to account for his anxiety, he relaxes, moving on, resuming the track.
26) 2) text: Billy looks at him, puzzled.
26) 8) dialog: Strange, Major.  There was a firefight.  Shooting in all directions.
26) 10) dialog: I don't believe he did, Sir. I couldn't find a single track. Just doesn't make sense.
26) 12) text: Billy shakes his head.
26) 13) dialog: (uncomfortably) No sign.  They never left here Major. (pause) It's like they just disappeared.
26) 14) text: Schaefer ponders a moment.  Then, to Billy:
27) 2) text: Blain hefts the Mini-gun to his hip as Mac draws back slightly on the breech bolt of the M-60, letting it snap. They move on, Billy pausing to look at the jungle before disappearing into the foliage.
45) 0) text: at the entrance way to the main palapa, a Guerrilla stands in the doorway, giving COVER FIRE to his comrades as they fall back inside. Jumping from the roof of the adjoining palapa, Billy drops directly in front of the Guerrilla. From the side, unseen by Billy, another Guerrilla thrusts out with a knife, Billy ducking backwards, the tip of the knife SLASHING his face.  With a lightning move, Billy whips his arm up and around the Guerrilla, locking his elbow, breaking the joint. Still holding the man he FIRES, blowing the other Guerrilla off his feet with the SHOTGUN portion of his weapon.  He looks at the Guerrilla out of the corner of his eye.  He suddenly strikes, breaking his neck, dropping him in a heap. Billy continues on, racing down the stairs, firing the M-203. Meanwhile, Blain is crouched next to a tree, providing cover.  Behind Blain, at the edge of the camp, circling around from below, TWO GUERRILLAS appear and FIRE a grenade round which EXPLODES behind Blain, fragments ripping into the tree next to which Blain is standing, bark and dirt flying as shrapnel rips into his vest, one piece tearing into his upper shoulder.  The hits have no effect on the huge man and with a savage GROWL, he spins, opening fire, raking the two attackers with the Mini-gun. Nearby, Mac charges from the jungle on a dead run, diving over a fallen tree as machine gun FIRE rakes the ground around him. Blain, spotting the sniper high in a tree, opens FIRE with the MINI-GUN, shredding the tree, sending the Guerrilla crashing down through the roof of the palapa.
48) 0) text: Ramirez, Blain and Billy race down the back stairs of the palapa, FIRING Mini-gun, automatic and grenade rounds at the escaping GUERRILLAS as they flee the area, splashing, charging across the shallow river. The guerrillas are history...in no uncertain terms.
55) 0) text: Schaefer and Billy are kneeling on the ground near the trailhead, studying a MAP.  In the b.g., the team, hidden covers the hillside approaches to the camp, nervous and wary, weapons ready.
55) 2) text: Billy shakes his head, following the CONTOUR LINES of the rugged terrain.
55) 3) dialog: Looks bad, Major.  It's gonna be a real bitch. (points to map) If we follow above the river and then down, here, at this canyon, we might find a way out.
56) 16) text: Mac flings the scorpion to the ground, crushing it with his boot.  He looks up at Dillon, walks away. Dillon follows, pulling Anna behind him. Billy, guarding the rear, glances furtively around the clearing.  He moves a step forward and stops, freezing. Slowly he turns back, his eyes riveted upon the treeline above the camp.  His eyes strain, his senses registering a fear he cannot name or see. Something is out there, in the trees, waiting, watching. Billy turns and walks into the jungle, pausing one last time to look behind him before he too disappears from sight. The jungle GROWS SILENT.
58) 0) text: The twilight world of a PREHISTORIC FOREST, filled with gigantic plants and towering trees, overgrown with vines and creepers. The team, with Billy at point, walk alongside a wandering STREAM BED, weirdly illuminated by SHAFTS OF LIGHT, streaming through openings in the trees, as if from spotlights, a hundred feet above. It is midday, hot and humid, the air BUZZING with the sounds of insects, the CRYING of birds and monkeys. The men are moving fast and quiet, straining to see into the dense jungle, aware of every sound, sweating, quietly slapping at biting insects.
62) 0) text: As Billy enters a small clearing, bordered on one side by the towering trees, carpeting the mountainside.  High above in the thick, impenetrable treeline, brightly colored birds SQUAWK loudly, chasing each other from branch to branch. Suddenly Billy stops.  Schaefer holds up his hand and the team freezes in position.  An eerie SILENCE, like a slowly falling curtain, descends over the jungle until even the BUZZING and CLICKING of insects have CEASED.
64) 0) text: He remains frozen and transfixed, staring into the treeline.  Something is moving, fluid, silently and downward, into the forest.  Billy remains rooted to the spot, lost in concentration.
64) 4) text: Schaefer signals for Mac to cover him and then moves low and quiet towards Billy.  Dillon appears, looking to Mac for an explanation.  Mac ignores him, concentrating on the jungle.  Dillon looks forward at... Billy, his eyes riveted to the capony above, as he unconsciously reaches to his throat, grasping a LEATHER POUCH, secured to his neck by a thong.  He fingers the MEDICINE BAG talisman.
64) 10) text: Billy, rigid, does not respond.  Schaefer forcefully jerks his around to face him.
64) 12) dialog: (low) Something...in the trees...
64) 15) dialog: (whispers) Can you see anything... (points) ...there?
64) 27) dialog: It's nothing...
72) 0) text: Blain and Mac at either end, cautiously searching the jungle; Billy covering their flanks.
79) 29) text: Schaefer looks down at Blain's body.  He turns to Ramirez and Billy.
83) 0) text: A momentary HUSH falls over the symphony of night sounds.  Anna and Billy turn towards the trees with a growing look of wariness.  The others, setting up the RADIO, show no response.
85) 11) text: He puts down the phone, turning to the group, huddled together in a tight circle, Ramirez and Billy facing outward in defensive positions, Anna, silent, watching. Schaefer is look at him.
85) 35) text: Ramirez looks up at Billy who continues to stare into the jungle, aware, catlike, reacting to every sound, his nerves on edge, as if ready to snap.  Ramirez rises, moves alongside his friend, Dillon watching closely.
85) 42) text: Billy turns, his face a mask of primal fear.  He moves close to Ramirez.
85) 43) dialog: I'm scared.
85) 46) text: Billy looks deep into his eyes, chilling Ramirez to the bone, looking at his with eyes which have seen on an instinctual level what the others have so far only begun to sense.
85) 47) dialog: There's something out there, waiting for us...it ain't no man.
85) 48) text: Billy turns away, moving a short distance away, taking up his position.  Dillon looks after him and then into the blackness of the jungle canopy.  Dillon speaks to Ramirez.
89) 0) text: The mist has thickened, the night alive with a million JUNGLE SOUNDS.  The team members sleep uneasily, if at all. Mac, although weary, stares hard into the night, waiting, each small sound a potential enemy.  A LULL spreads over the jungle, animals and insects QUIETING. Mac tightens his grip on the Mini-gun. Billy awakens, peering into the night.  Nothing. Suddenly, a metallic CLICK, a POP, the SOUND of a warning flare rocketing into the canopy.  A moment later a brilliant FLASH as the flare burns, illuminating the camp. An echoing eerie SCREAM fills the night as a DARK SHAPE in the mist rockets through the undergrowth towards Mac. Mac spins, hauling the heavy gun around, just as something crashes into his upper body, driving the huge man into the foxhole. A desperate battle for life ensues, illuminated with the strobing light of the descending flare.  Mac's enraged SHOUTS and ROARS mingled with horrific SCREAMS fill the night. Mac's razor-edged KNIFE slashes in the light; BLOOD spatters his face as he attacks fiercely.
89) 16) text: They all turn, ready to move and then stop.  Coming forth from the shadows Anna appears, still frightened, seeking the security of the soldiers. From the darkness nearby, Billy's VOICE in a hoarse WHISPER.
89) 17) dialog: (o.s.; urgently) Major, over here.
89) 18) text: Schaefer turns, apprehensive, something in Billy's voice... He walks over to Billy, standing with a FLASHLIGHT pointing to the ground.  They see Blain's BODY BAG slashed open, covered in blood.  Ramirez appears.
89) 19) dialog: The body...it's gone.
90) 5) dialog: Boar set off the trip flare, Major.  No other tracks.
90) 13) text: Schaefer turns and looks at Billy, asking with his eyes for a viable explanation.
90) 14) dialog: Like a Hunter.                                     *
90) 15) text: Schaefer stares at him, the words sinking in.  He looks up, reconstructing in his mind the possible events of last night, his eyes following the tree line, tracing the path of the intruder as he might have travelled through the trees and down to the ground. He looks up at Billy.
91) 0) text: Anna at the base of the rocks scans the jungle with binoculars watching the tree line.  Mac moves past her, uncoiling a trip wire linking up four CLAYMORE mines hidden at various points with leaves and foliage.  In a tree at the edge of the clearing, Billy tosses an uncoiling roll of wire to Ramirez who attaches it to a GRENADE, wedged it the crouch of a tree. Wires attached to GRENADES and CLAYMORE MINES lead off through the underbrush and trees leaving a long, unmined corridor leading from the camp and into the jungle. At the corridor's end, where the rocks merge with the jungle, Schaefer hauls down on a HEAVY VINE, straining with every ounce of strength, his muscles bulging, while Dillon takes up the slack of the vine
94) 0) text: The limb CRASHES down from the trees, Schaefer, Dillon, Billy and Mac Diving for safety.  But Ramirez, following the Hunter's leap, SEES too late the pendular movement of the severed limb and is struck a THUDDING blow in the ribs, which lifts him off his feet, hurling him backwards like a rag doll, his shirt torn open, exposing a BLOODY WOUND. As Anna runs to Ramirez's side the others, still stunned, look upward, frozen in shock SEEING:  THE HUNTER, clinging to a side of a tree, flushed bright crimson. Dillis is dumbfounded, like the others, rooted to the ground staring upward.
94) 7) text: Schaefer hurriedly ejects the spent clip from the M-203, slamming in a new one.  He shouts an order to Billy.
94) 24) text: Hefting both weapons at the hip he runs into the jungle after Mac.  Schaefer watches him leave.  He breaks and goes to Ramirez, attended by Anna and Billy, who is now sitting up, holding his ribs and gasping for breath.
94) 25) dialog: He's busted up, bad, Major.
97) 0) text: Anna in the lead, followed by Schaefer carrying Ramirez on his back.  Billy, carrying the RADIO is covering them from above, as they skitter and slide down the loose gravel of a rocky slope, leading to a river crossing.
103) 0) text: The jungle is still deathly SILENT.  Schaefer, Anna and Ramirez cross the log, moving onto the other side. Billy, still at the foot of the log, providing cover, turns to face the jungle. He lifts his head towards the trees, feeling the onrushing presence of the Hunter.  He shrugs off the radio letting it fall, smashing into the rocks below. He casts away his weapon.  Staring forward he reaches into his cargo pocket, withdrawing a small GREASE-PAINT TIN.  Covering his finger in BLACK PAINT he applies dark slashes under his eyes and again, vertically down his cheeks.  Taking another dap of paint he makes a SYMBOL on his bare skin, over his heart. He drops the tin, withdrawing his COMBAT KNIFE.  Holding the knife he grasps the MEDICINE BAG around his neck, yanking it free with a quick snap.  He wraps the leather thong around his hand and knife, binding the weapon and bag together. Staring outward, as if in a trance, he begins a low CHANT. On the other side, Schaefer carrying Ramirez on his back, laboring up the steep slope, nearing the top, turns and SEES Billy standing, waiting at the foot of the bridge.
103) 2) text: But Billy stands at the foot of the bridge, knife raised, waiting, accepting his oncoming destiny.
105) 0) text: Over the top, in a low depression, Schaefer props Ramirez against some rocks, reaching for his weapon. They HEAR Billy's echoing SCREAM.  Instantly their weapons are raised, cocked and ready.