7) 0) text: Illuminated by the eerie red glow of NIGHT LIGHTS, are SEVEN MEN, dressed in jungle camouflage, soft hats and camouflage face-makeup.  They wear no identity badges or insignias.  The man are checking their WEAPONS, making last minute adjustments to their GEAR. The compartment reverberates with the NOISE of the THUMPING ROTORS and the ROAR of air from the open doors. BLAIN, weapons and ordinance specialist, a frightening bull of a man, a 240 pound killer, removes from his shirtpocket a think PLUG OF TOBACCO.  He looks across at: MAC, a huge bear of a man, black, holding am M-60 MACHINE GUN.  Blain holds out the tobacco to Mac who refuses with a gentle shake of the head, a knowing smile, he knows what's coming. Holding the plug between his teeth Blain yanks free from his shoulder scabbard a wicked, ten inch COMBAT KNIFE.  Placing the razor sharp blade next to his lips he slices through the plug as if it were butter.  He chews throughtfully. Seated by the open doorway is RAMIREZ, a slight, angular man, an East L.A. streetwise Chicano. Adding a final piece of camouflage TAPE to his pack HARNESS, he looks up and smiles, faking a throw and the bulleting the tape to: HAWKINS, the radioman and medic, Irish, street-tough, reading a rolled-up magazine, as if he were a rush hour commuter.  He snags the tape with an instinctual snap
9) 0) text: The men, suspended in RESTRAINING HARNESSES from the bulkheads, lean forward, nearly upside down in response to the radical maneuver, handling the situation with ease. Blain holds out the tobacco to Ramirez, who swats at the offending object as if it were alive.
9) 7) dialog: ...bunch of slack-jawed faggots around here... (holds up plug) ...this stuff will put hair guaranteed... (chewing) ...make you a God-damned sexual ty-ran-toe-sore-ass... just like me.
13) 0) text: Dillon seems comfortable with the men, showing Ramirez a battered CIGARETTE LIGHTER from a famed commando unit from the past. But his ingratiating demeanor is not impressing Mac, who regards Dillon with the cold suspicion reserved for an outsider.  Mac looks up at Blain, his eyes narrowing. Blain's massive jaws roll as he masticates the chew. He pauses, eyes moving downward, spotting his target.
13) 5) text: Dillon turns back to Ramirez, ignoring Mac and Blain, who continues to stare at him.  Mac looks across at Blain, wide grins breaking across their huge faces. Cradled in Blain's arms, as if it were a part of his body, is a large, CANVAS-COVERED BUNDLE.  Blain looks down at his bundle, almost affectionately. The PILOT's VOICE breaks in over Schaefer's headset.
13) 7) text: Looking up, Schaefer gives a hand signal to the nearest man who nods and in return,passes the signal down the line. Ramirez and Blain pick up heavy, METAL CONICAL DEVICES, attached to canvas bags filled with rope.
19) 0) text: Blain, in a defensive position, sweeps the jungle slowly with his MP-5.  He steps back and turns, checking, revealing in the b.g. the WRECKAGE OF A U.S. ARMY UH-1H HELICOPTER, hanging upside down, twenty feet above the ground, entangled in vines in the heavy capony, badly damaged, rotors bent, its tail section blown away.
25) 21) text: Mac moves alongside Blain.
25) 23) text: Grimly, Blain RIPS apart the velcro closures of the CANVAS BUNDLE slung across his shoulder, REVEALING a truly awesome weapon, a SIX-BARRELED MINI-GUN adapted for field combat.
27) 0) text: Blain feeds the magazine of BELTED-SHELLS into the weapon, cocking it.  He looks up at Mac, his eyes cold, his face taut with anger.
27) 1) dialog: Payback time.
27) 2) text: Blain hefts the Mini-gun to his hip as Mac draws back slightly on the breech bolt of the M-60, letting it snap. They move on, Billy pausing to look at the jungle before disappearing into the foliage.
29) 1) dialog: Say, Bull.  What's goin' down? We got movement?
29) 3) text: Mac, sweating heavily, wipes the moisture from his brow with his finger. Blain pats the mini-gun affectionately.
29) 4) dialog: I know what you mean, Bull, but don't sweat it, me and 'ol 'painless' here are watchin' the front door.
31) 0) text: Crawl silently through the underbrush.  With nearly impreceptible movements, Blain slips out of the cartridge pack, ditching the Mini-gun.  He withdraws his COMBAT KNIFE, placing it between his teeth. They move through the underbrush in tandem, like two bug cats, stalking.  Mac freezes, the sweat pouring from his face, holds up his hand as Blain stops.
35) 0) text: While one Guerrilla attends to his equipment, the OTHER attentively watches the approaches to the camp. He is momentarily distracted by a BUZZING FLY, which he annoyingly swats at with his hand. He hears something to his side.  Turning to investigate, the huge, hamhock fist of Mack smashes into his throat. Simultaneously, Blain rises up behind the other man, grabs him by the hair, pulling him down, his COMBAT KNIFE driving downward.
45) 0) text: at the entrance way to the main palapa, a Guerrilla stands in the doorway, giving COVER FIRE to his comrades as they fall back inside. Jumping from the roof of the adjoining palapa, Billy drops directly in front of the Guerrilla. From the side, unseen by Billy, another Guerrilla thrusts out with a knife, Billy ducking backwards, the tip of the knife SLASHING his face.  With a lightning move, Billy whips his arm up and around the Guerrilla, locking his elbow, breaking the joint. Still holding the man he FIRES, blowing the other Guerrilla off his feet with the SHOTGUN portion of his weapon.  He looks at the Guerrilla out of the corner of his eye.  He suddenly strikes, breaking his neck, dropping him in a heap. Billy continues on, racing down the stairs, firing the M-203. Meanwhile, Blain is crouched next to a tree, providing cover.  Behind Blain, at the edge of the camp, circling around from below, TWO GUERRILLAS appear and FIRE a grenade round which EXPLODES behind Blain, fragments ripping into the tree next to which Blain is standing, bark and dirt flying as shrapnel rips into his vest, one piece tearing into his upper shoulder.  The hits have no effect on the huge man and with a savage GROWL, he spins, opening fire, raking the two attackers with the Mini-gun. Nearby, Mac charges from the jungle on a dead run, diving over a fallen tree as machine gun FIRE rakes the ground around him. Blain, spotting the sniper high in a tree, opens FIRE with the MINI-GUN, shredding the tree, sending the Guerrilla crashing down through the roof of the palapa.
47) 5) text: As the Guerrilla fires, Schaefer smashes the butt of his empty weapon into the Guerrilla's shoulder, knocking the gun aside, the SLUGS thudding into the wall harmlessly. He hits the Guerrilla with a vicious glancing blow to the head with the barrel of his weapon.  The Guerrilla is hurled backward, crashing into the wooden crates and to the floor. Ramirez, recovering quickly, descends the stairs with catlike agility, disappearing. Schaefer crouches and spins, jamming a new clip into the rifle, scanning the palapa for any other movement.  He races to the main door of the room, shouting into the palapa. He SEES Blain charging down the steps.  Catching his attention he signals him on, out the back to cover Ramirez.
47) 7) text: As Blain runs down the stairs, Hawkins already has the radio off his back, setting up the portable SATELLITE DISH ANTENNA.
48) 0) text: Ramirez, Blain and Billy race down the back stairs of the palapa, FIRING Mini-gun, automatic and grenade rounds at the escaping GUERRILLAS as they flee the area, splashing, charging across the shallow river. The guerrillas are history...in no uncertain terms.
52) 0) text: Blain joins Ramirez, behind cover at the foot of the cliff.  As they take cover, Ramirez notices the wound on Blain's shoulder.
52) 2) text: Blain looks briefly at the wound.
52) 3) dialog: (spits) Ain't got time to bleed.
52) 8) dialog: Son of a bitch's dug in like a Alabama tick... (spits) ...jack us around all day.
52) 10) text: Ramirez immediately rolls into the line of fire, BLASTING six RAPID-FIRE shots on a HIGH-ARC trajectory towards the rocks.  Blain reacts.
52) 11) dialog: Shit, Pancho!!!
52) 12) text: Blain dives against the protective cover of the rock wall, covering his head.  Ramirez casually hops across, squatting next to Blain.  They make eye-contact.
52) 14) text: Before Blain can answer, Ramirez puts his fingers into his ears and grimaces just as... The entire hillside EXPLODES, blowing the Guerrillas into the air, a torrent of vegetation and earth raining down the cliff, obscuring Blain and Ramirez.
55) 8) text: Blain moves out, swinging the Mini-gun in front of him as he goes.
59) 0) text: Lies across their path.  As the man climb over a rotten section, Mac stops to assist Blain with his Mini-gun.
59) 2) text: Blain nods and pauses to rest, looking around him as Mac withdraws a small silver POCKET FLASK.  He takes a nip, passing the flask to Blain who also takes a sip.
59) 3) dialog: I hear you bro, this is some shit.  Makes Cambodia look like Kansas.  Lose your way in here, man, you be in some kinda hurt.
59) 4) text: Blain hands back the flask, Mac replacing it inside his vest.  They do their hand dap, looking warily behind them before they move on.
70) 0) text: Ramirez runs forward ten paces, drops to a crouch, scanning to each side.  Immediately Schaefer runs forward twenty paces.  As he passes Ramirez, Ramirez turns and scans the rear and flanks. Dillon, Mac and Blain repeat the maneuver, leap-frogging forward, canvassing the jungle, providing areas of intersection cover.
72) 0) text: Blain and Mac at either end, cautiously searching the jungle; Billy covering their flanks.
75) 0) text: Crouched in the undergrowth.  There is a movement in the brush before him.  He wipes the sweat from his eyes and clicks his safety on the Mini-gun to fire. The SOUND is growing closer.  Blain levels the weapon. A smile crosses his face.
75) 1) dialog: (whispers) Come on in you fuckers...come on in.  'ol 'painless' is waitin'...
75) 2) text: The movement in the brush is GROWING LOUDER.  Blain's finger moves closer to the trigger. Suddenly a small TAPIR bursts through the leaves, startling Blain.  He relaxes momentarily as he watches the animal scurrying from sight.  He stands...
76) 0) text: Has heard Blain's cry.  He moves fast through the brush. He HEARS a RUSTLING in the bushes.  A wet SUCKING SOUND. Mac charges into the clearing.  In the instant before the Hunter disappears into the forest, Mac SEES a vision so brief and fantastic that it seems like a hallucination. The Hunter's EYES flare momentarily from the green before they vanish. Mac sees his friend, lying on the ground, his chest open, the powerful man, dead.
78) 0) text: He throws down the weapon and with a cry of rage, lunges forward, grabbing the Mini-gun.  As he stands, the CARTRIDGE BELT, attached to Blain, strings out between them. He opens FIRE and the foliage before him EXPLODES with the fury of the terrible weapon.  Mac sweeps the Mini-gun from left to right, like a man possessed, mowing down the jungle. The other team members race INTO SIGHT and begin firing with Mac.
79) 6) text: Schaefer turns back to see Anna, staring fixidly at Mac, watching his lips.  Schaefer turns quickly to Blain's body and kneels alongside Dillon.
79) 29) text: Schaefer looks down at Blain's body.  He turns to Ramirez and Billy.
81) 9) text: Mac turns and walks through the camp, stopping beside a DARK OBJECT on the ground.  He kneels beside the PONCHO pulling back the zipper REVEALING Blain's face, looking peaceful in death, as if lying in state. Mac removes something from his pocket, holding it in his hand, studying it.
89) 18) text: Schaefer turns, apprehensive, something in Billy's voice... He walks over to Billy, standing with a FLASHLIGHT pointing to the ground.  They see Blain's BODY BAG slashed open, covered in blood.  Ramirez appears.