5) 27) text: Schaefer turns, SEEING the outline of a figure standing in the doorway of the communications room, holding a sheaf of PAPERS. Wearing pressed fatigues, DILLON, mid-thirties, black, walks into the room. Although as rugged looking as the others, his bearing and grooming indicate he's been away from the business of soldiering for sometime.  His quick intelligent eyes reveal his current profession.
5) 31) dialog: Last time we danced, it was Lieutenant, Schaefer.
5) 35) dialog: (warmly) How you been, Dutch?
5) 36) text: They continue the contest, Schaefer has the edge, forcing Dillon's arm slowly downward.
5) 38) dialog: (grinning) No way, old buddy.
5) 40) text: They look into each other's faces, each remembering something from the past.  A moment's hesitation and they quit the contest.  They laugh, Dillon slapping Schaefer on the shoulder.
5) 41) dialog: That piece of work you guys pulled off at the Berlin embassy last week was really something.  Blew the entry points on three floors and neutralized the opposition in eight seconds flat. Beautiful.
5) 47) dialog: Also heard that you passed on that little job in Libya.
5) 48) text: Schaefer looks at Dillon, quietly considering him.
5) 50) dialog: Those cabinet members are very important to our scope of operations in this part of the world.  They're about to get squeezed.  We can't let that happen.  I needed someone who could get the job done, quick and quiet...no screw-ups.  I needed the best. The best.  So, I pulled a few strings at the State Department...and here we are.
5) 52) text: Dillon goes to the map.
5) 53) dialog: The set-up is simple, Dutch. One day job.  We pick up their trail at the chopper, run 'em down, grab the hostages and bounce back across the border before anyone knows we were there.  You've done it a hundred times.  Nothing out of the ordinary.
5) 62) text: Schaefer looks from Philips to Dillon.  He still doesn't like it.
5) 63) dialog: Not to worry, Dutch.  I haven't lost my edge.  They've got a head start on us in some real tough country, otherwise, believe me, it's a piece of cake.
9) 8) text: This brings a chorus of HOOTS and SHOUTS from the others. The helicopter makes another radical turn. Schaefer and Dillon, seated near the cockpit, communicate through HEADSETS, also linked to the pilot.  They consult a TOPOGRAPHICAL MAP by RED PENLIGHTS.
9) 9) dialog: (pointing to the map) Our rendezvous points and radio freqs. are indicated and fixed.  AWACS contact on four hour intervals.
9) 11) dialog: (grinning) No such thing, old buddy. It's a one way ticket. Once we cross that border, we're on our own.
13) 0) text: Dillon seems comfortable with the men, showing Ramirez a battered CIGARETTE LIGHTER from a famed commando unit from the past. But his ingratiating demeanor is not impressing Mac, who regards Dillon with the cold suspicion reserved for an outsider.  Mac looks up at Blain, his eyes narrowing. Blain's massive jaws roll as he masticates the chew. He pauses, eyes moving downward, spotting his target.
13) 4) dialog: (icy) Man, that's a real bad habit you've got.
13) 5) text: Dillon turns back to Ramirez, ignoring Mac and Blain, who continues to stare at him.  Mac looks across at Blain, wide grins breaking across their huge faces. Cradled in Blain's arms, as if it were a part of his body, is a large, CANVAS-COVERED BUNDLE.  Blain looks down at his bundle, almost affectionately. The PILOT's VOICE breaks in over Schaefer's headset.
15) 1) dialog: (shouting to Schaefer) You don't know how much I missed this, Dutch!!!  Once you get this in your blood, you never get it out!!!
20) 0) text: Ramirez moves cautiously, searching for trip wires, using his knife to check the edges of the seats and door frames.  Grimly he glances at the TWO BODIES slumped over the controls and then exits, snapping into and rappelling down the rope to the ground. He joins Schaefer standing in the f.g.  They look up, watching as Dillon moves through the cockpit, searching through pockets and compartments.  Schaefer turns his back to the helicopter.
20) 9) text: Dillon rappells down the line and approaches.
20) 10) dialog: Have you picked up their trail yet?
20) 11) text: Schaefer taps Ramirez on the shoulder and he moves away.  Schaefer turns to Dillon:
20) 17) dialog: They're getting better equipped every day.
20) 22) text: Schaefer turns to Dillon.
20) 24) dialog: Probably another rebel patrol. They operate in here all the time.
25) 10) text: Mac moves forward, withdrawing his COMBAT KNIFE. The blade flashes, cutting the vine as the first body THUDS to the ground.  He bends over, picking up other DOG TAGS. Schaefer turns to Dillon.
25) 17) dialog: (stunned) Jesus...this is inhuman. (to Schaefer) Uh...I wasn't told of any operations in this area.  They shouldn't have been here.
28) 0) text: Mac appears suddenly, materializing out of the undergrowth, pausing cautiously, his senses alert, intense, almost nervous.  He moves on, his huge body barely making a sound as he weaves through the heavy undergrowth. Dillon appears.  As he moves on, he crosses over a fallen TREE.  Stepping down, his foot breaks through a rotten portion, a CHUCK of the log breaking free and rolling down the hill. Dillon at once goes into a defensive position, listening.  The jungle is SILENT.  He stands and starts to move forward.  Suddenly Mac appears within inches of Dillon's face.  Mac's face is menacing, angry.
28) 6) text: Dillon's eyes are wide and fixed, staring back in cold hatred at Mac, controlling his rage...he knows the rules. Not waiting for a response, Mac turns and vanished into the jungle.  Seething with anger Dillon focuses on a still moving LEAF and STEM, indicating Mac's exit point.  He moves on.
38) 2) dialog: (to Hawkins) Ready, kid?
43) 0) text: Schaefer races down the hillside, joined by Dillon, leaving Hawkins to cover them.  Bullets burst around their feet as they run low, firing short bursts to his left and right.
44) 0) text: A MAN almost completely ON FIRE is hit by an onslaught of GUNFIRE, ripping him back into the jungle. Ramirez cuts loose a barrage from the SIX-SHOOTER... seconds later the MACHINE GUN IMPLACEMENT erupts in a series of EXPLOSIONS, blowing two Guerrillas into the air. At the HILLSIDE HUT, two Guerrillas move into position by the window, drawing down on Schaefer as he appears, racing down the hill. As they are about to open fire, Dillon appears, YELLING OUT a warning.
44) 1) dialog: On your nine!!!
44) 2) text: Schaefer dives, hitting the ground as Dillon OPENS FIRE taking out the Guerrillas.  Schaefer rolls to his feet, spins, firing the 203 grenade launcher, completely destroying the hut.
53) 0) text: Schaefer is staring out the window, his weapon slack in one arm, still holding the paper.  Dillon enters, obviously excited about what he has found.  He sees the papers on the floor.  He reads through them quickly, growing even more excited.
53) 1) dialog: This is beautiful!  More than we ever thought.  We got the bastards!
53) 8) text: Dillon reads it.
53) 9) dialog: (reacting) Two days...that's all we had. In two days, three hundred of these bastards would have been equipped with all this.  After they crossed the border, it would have taken a year to stop them. (looks up) We've averted a major guerrilla invasion, Dutch...
53) 10) text: Schaefer moves in close to Dillon, face to face, anger flaring in his eyes.
53) 12) dialog: (angry) That's right, I set you up. You're a veteran at this, Dutch, I had to.
53) 14) dialog: Because I told you, you're the best.  I knew you could do it but I couldn't get you in here without a cover story.
53) 20) dialog: We've been lookin' for this place for months.  The chopper must have gotten close when they got shot down.  Hopper                        * was sent in to get my men. He was just doing his job. When he disappeared I had to clean this up,  I had to stop there bastards.  We were so close, we couldn't quit.  We couldn't sleep through this one.  I needed you, Dutch, can't you see that?
53) 21) dialog: To invade a foreign country, illegally?  You lied, Dillon. Stacked the odds against us.  Set us up.  You could have gotten us all killed. (pause; looking at him) You used to be one of us, Dillon, someone I could trust with my life...
53) 22) dialog: We've been through a lot together Dutch.  When we were together, no                  * one could stop us, the hottest                     * Goddamned team the army ever saw.                  * But things changed, I woke up. We're fighting them in a dozen Goddamned countries.  It's a fight we can't lose, Dutch.  We're all expendable assets, can't you see that?
53) 23) text: Schaefer takes the paper from Dillon's hands.
53) 31) text: Schaefer turns away from Dillon and steps through the doorway into the palapa as Anna moans again, MUMBLING something in Spanish.  Dillon kneels, beside her.
53) 32) dialog: (quietly; in Spanish) Are you all right?
54) 13) dialog: (o.s.) She goes with us.
54) 14) text: Schaefer turns.  Dillon is at the doorway, supporting the still groggy Anna.
54) 15) dialog: She's too valuable.  She's got to know their whole network.  The whole set up. We take her with us.                               *
54) 17) text: Dillon grabs the handset from Hawkin's radio, shoving it at Schaefer.
54) 18) dialog: You're still under orders, Dutch.  You want to make the call, or should I?
54) 19) text: Schaefer looks at the handset.  Then at Dillon, he knows Dillon's won.
55) 6) text: He turns and looks at Dillon, Anna as his side, her forehead bandaged, her hands bound in front of her. He turns back to the others.
56) 0) text: Spins, hurling a string of insults to Dillon in SPANISH.
56) 2) dialog: (in Spanish) It's a long walk back, make it easy on yourself.
56) 3) text: She spits at him, turning forward with a twist of her head. Dillon picks up his back, shouldering it.  As they move on, Mac calls out to him.
56) 5) text: Dillon doesn't respond.
56) 7) text: Dillon turns and approaches, warily, holding the girl.
56) 8) dialog: Yeah, what is it, Sergeant?
56) 9) text: MAc unsheathes his knife.  He gives Dillon a cold look and turns him by the shoulders.  Crawling across the PACK on Dillon's back is a huge SCORPION. Mac skeweres the scorpion with the tip of his blade, holding it before the wincing Dillon.  Anna smirks, nodding to the writhing, stinging insect.
56) 14) dialog: Thanks.
56) 16) text: Mac flings the scorpion to the ground, crushing it with his boot.  He looks up at Dillon, walks away. Dillon follows, pulling Anna behind him. Billy, guarding the rear, glances furtively around the clearing.  He moves a step forward and stops, freezing. Slowly he turns back, his eyes riveted upon the treeline above the camp.  His eyes strain, his senses registering a fear he cannot name or see. Something is out there, in the trees, waiting, watching. Billy turns and walks into the jungle, pausing one last time to look behind him before he too disappears from sight. The jungle GROWS SILENT.
60) 0) text: Have fallen behind, Dillon looking worriedly ahead at the them out distancing them.  Anna is keeping her pace purposefully slow.  She trips on a root falling to the ground.  She lies there, motionless. He quickly reaches down to haul her to her feet.
60) 5) dialog: (urgently) Shit.  Come on...
60) 8) text: She looks back at Dillon, wiping the dirt from his eyes. She moves on.  Ramirez gives him a cold look as Dillon hurries past.
60) 10) text: Dillon moves on, ignoring Ramirez, who turns, scanning the jungle behind him before moving on.  Dillon catches up with Anna, turning her sharply by the chin.
60) 11) dialog: (cold; in Spanish) Try that again.  Please.                           *
60) 12) text: She looks at him contemptuously, undaunted.  She will try it again.  She breaks away from his grasp and moves on, Dillon watching her go, he won't hesitate next time.
63) 0) text: Sensing an ambush, move quietly into the foliage. Dillon moves into the undergrowth, dragging Anna with him.  He slings his MP-5 over his shoulder, withdrawing his KNIFE.  Grasping Anna by her shirt collar and pushing her to the ground he holds the weapon near her throat.  Dillon signals to Ramirez who approaches.  Dillon hands Ramirez the knife.
63) 6) dialog: Watch her.
63) 7) text: Before Ramirez can respond, Dillon slips into the undergrowth.  Ramirez holds the knife on Anna, cautiously scanning around him for movement. Unseen by Ramirez, Anna's outstretched hands slowly tighten around a stout ROOT-BURL, lying loose on the ground.
64) 4) text: Schaefer signals for Mac to cover him and then moves low and quiet towards Billy.  Dillon appears, looking to Mac for an explanation.  Mac ignores him, concentrating on the jungle.  Dillon looks forward at... Billy, his eyes riveted to the capony above, as he unconsciously reaches to his throat, grasping a LEATHER POUCH, secured to his neck by a thong.  He fingers the MEDICINE BAG talisman.
70) 0) text: Ramirez runs forward ten paces, drops to a crouch, scanning to each side.  Immediately Schaefer runs forward twenty paces.  As he passes Ramirez, Ramirez turns and scans the rear and flanks. Dillon, Mac and Blain repeat the maneuver, leap-frogging forward, canvassing the jungle, providing areas of intersection cover.
73) 0) text: Dillon in the b.g., as Ramirez parts the brush with his weapon.  Before them, covered with dirt and leaves, are Hawkins' ENTRAILS.  There is no body.
74) 7) text: Ramirez drops to one knee and talks softly to her in SPANISH.  She mutters incoherently in Spanish, still dazed, shaking her head.  Dillon listens closely to her response.  Ramirez turns to Schaefer.  He seems confused.
74) 9) dialog: That isn't what she said... she said... (pondering; to Ramirez) ...she doesn't make sense.
74) 13) text: Ramirez and Dillon look at the equipment and then to the girl, still numb with shock.
74) 14) dialog: (grimly; remembering) They did the same thing to Davis...
79) 6) text: Schaefer turns back to see Anna, staring fixidly at Mac, watching his lips.  Schaefer turns quickly to Blain's body and kneels alongside Dillon.
79) 12) dialog: The wound all fused, cauterized...what the hell did this?
85) 1) text: Ramirez is tuning in the compact FIELD RADIO, equipped with a CRYPTO-PHONE device.  Dillon holds the handset.
85) 2) dialog: (to phone) Blazer One, say again...
85) 10) dialog: (to phone; angry) Roger, Blazer One.  1030 hours...damn, bastards.
85) 12) dialog: (angry; shocked) We're still too far in, they won't risk coming in for us.
85) 14) dialog: I can accept that, it comes with the job.
85) 16) text: Dillon glares back.  Schaefer leaves, lost in thought. Ramirez looks up at the impenetrable canopy.
85) 18) text: Dillon turns to Mac.
85) 19) dialog: Mac.  Who hit us today?
85) 27) dialog: (abruptly; pushing) What, Sergeant?
85) 29) text: Dillon ponders this for a moment, staring hard at Mac. Mac gets up.
85) 31) text: Mac departs.  Dillon watches Mac as he creeps forward to the sentry position.  He turns to Ramirez.
85) 32) dialog: Ask her again.  What did she see?  What happened to Hawkins?
85) 33) text: Ramirez turns to Anna.  They talk quietly in Spanish, Dillon watching, listening carefully.  Ramirez turns back to Dillon.
85) 35) text: Ramirez looks up at Billy who continues to stare into the jungle, aware, catlike, reacting to every sound, his nerves on edge, as if ready to snap.  Ramirez rises, moves alongside his friend, Dillon watching closely.
85) 48) text: Billy turns away, moving a short distance away, taking up his position.  Dillon looks after him and then into the blackness of the jungle canopy.  Dillon speaks to Ramirez.
85) 49) dialog: He's losing his cool.  There's nothing out there but a couple of men that we're going to have to take down.
85) 50) text: Despite his words, there is an edge of doubt in his voice.  Schaefer returns.  He's overheard this exchange. He's holding the group of DOG TAGS taken from Davis' men. He holds them up for Dillon to see.
90) 24) dialog: You're wastin' your time.
90) 28) text: Dillon does a double take.  Schaefer continues to look at Anna.  He wasn't surprised:  he knew it yesterday.
90) 31) dialog: (derisively) Shit, you trying to tell me Blain and Hawkins were killed by a fucking lizard?  Don't listen to her.  Its's a psych-job. Two, maybe three of them, that's                   * all.  We keep our cool, out-think                  * them 'til we're across the                         * border...                                          *
90) 42) dialog: What the hell do you think you're doing?
90) 44) dialog: What are you talking about? We'll be out of here in ten                        *  minutes.                                           *
90) 46) dialog: That rendezvous is ten maybe                       * twelve miles, at most!  We're                      * almost home.  But the chopper                      * won't wait.
90) 49) text: Dillon stares back, not wanting to hear what he already knows to be true. Anna touches Schaefer's arm.
91) 0) text: Anna at the base of the rocks scans the jungle with binoculars watching the tree line.  Mac moves past her, uncoiling a trip wire linking up four CLAYMORE mines hidden at various points with leaves and foliage.  In a tree at the edge of the clearing, Billy tosses an uncoiling roll of wire to Ramirez who attaches it to a GRENADE, wedged it the crouch of a tree. Wires attached to GRENADES and CLAYMORE MINES lead off through the underbrush and trees leaving a long, unmined corridor leading from the camp and into the jungle. At the corridor's end, where the rocks merge with the jungle, Schaefer hauls down on a HEAVY VINE, straining with every ounce of strength, his muscles bulging, while Dillon takes up the slack of the vine
91) 6) dialog: (straining) I'm tellin' you, this little                       * 'boy scout' stunt is a                             * Godamned waste of time.                            * (stands)                                    * We've got to get the hell out                      * of here, now, while we've still                    * got the chance.
91) 7) text: Ignoring him, Schaefer rapidly drags into position a NET crudely woven of differing sizes of vines, their LEAVES still attached.  He carefully begins to cover the net with leaves and debris.  Dillon watches him in growing frustration as Schaefer moves quickly, picking up a FRAMEWORK of STICKS he has tied together, a TREADLE-SPRING TRIGGER.  He holds up the framework, hurriedly examining his work before placing it on the ground.
91) 9) dialog: Now what, Dutch.  You going to send your mystery guest an invitation?
91) 10) text: Schaefer turns, there is a touch of fear in Dillon's eyes.
92) 3) dialog: (o.s.) What'll you try next -- cheese?
92) 9) dialog: (low; whispered) Satisfied?  Now let's get the hell out...
94) 0) text: The limb CRASHES down from the trees, Schaefer, Dillon, Billy and Mac Diving for safety.  But Ramirez, following the Hunter's leap, SEES too late the pendular movement of the severed limb and is struck a THUDDING blow in the ribs, which lifts him off his feet, hurling him backwards like a rag doll, his shirt torn open, exposing a BLOODY WOUND. As Anna runs to Ramirez's side the others, still stunned, look upward, frozen in shock SEEING:  THE HUNTER, clinging to a side of a tree, flushed bright crimson. Dillis is dumbfounded, like the others, rooted to the ground staring upward.
94) 1) dialog: What is God's name...?
94) 9) text: He turns to run after Mac.  Dillon steps in front of him, putting his hand on Schaefer's chest.
94) 10) dialog: No way, Dutch.  I'm going. You get these people and get the hell out of here.
94) 12) dialog: Guess I've picked up some bad habits from you, Dutch.  Now don't argue with me, you know I'm right.  Get to that chopper and hold it for us. We'll be along.
94) 14) text: Dillon stares at him.
94) 15) dialog: You know me, Dutch, I never did know when to quit.
94) 16) text: Dillon turns and begins to move out.
94) 21) text: Dillon turns.  Picking up the spare MP-5, Schaefer tosses the weapon to Dillon, who grabs it with one hand.  They share a look, knowing this is farewell.
94) 23) dialog: Right behind you.
96) 5) text: Dillon locates the direction of the voice and moves towards it.
96) 7) text: Dillon moves a few feet into the undergrowth.  He carefully parts the thick leaves and vines and enters a tiny opening.  He looks around, seeing nothing.
96) 8) dialog: (whispering) Mac?
96) 9) text: Suddenly a HAND appears and covers Dillon's mouth. Dillon gasps as Mac pulls him down to where he is hiding.
96) 12) dialog: (whispering) I see it! (pause) We're gonna take this thing.
96) 13) text: Dillon points to an OUTCROPPING OF ROCKS, covered with VINES.
96) 14) dialog: Take a position over there. I'll work around towards you. When I flush him, you nail him...
96) 19) dialog: We both got scores to settle.
96) 20) text: Dillon silently disappears into the jungle, Mac watching him go. Mac makes his way toward the rock outcropping, working his way between the rocks and the vines.  He takes up a position and scans the jungle before him.
96) 21) dialog: moving quietly, his face intense, determined.  He stops and listens.
96) 25) dialog: He HEARS the faint disturbance in the leaves.  He pauses, turning in Mac's direction, listening. Hearing no further sound he relaxes, moving on.
99) 1) dialog: as he stops and crouches slightly, listing behind him. Did he hear something?  He moves on.
99) 9) dialog: (whispering) Mac...Mac.
99) 10) text: He moves closer to the rocks, eyes probing.  Through a gap in the rocks he SEES Mac's face, staring up at him, eyes frozen wide in death. Dillon spins hard.  He stares at the solid wall of undergrowth.  He looks from one side of the corridor to the other.  Something it out there.  Where? Something in the vines has caught his attention.  He stares hard at a section of moss.
100) 0) text: Suddenly the right combination of light and shadow prevail and Dillon SEES in an instant, the Hunter's EYES materialize and then disappear.
101) 1) dialog: SCREAMS, his arm instantly severed halfway between his shoulder and elbow.  The weapon drops to the ground, the forearm still attached, still FIRING. With his left hand he FIRES the second weapon SHOUTING INSANELY as swings it towards the blurred image of his unseen attacker, hitting nothing. The Hunter reloads his WEAPON which turns INVISIBLE again.  Dillon continues to fire.  The Hunter's weapon appears from below, cutting into Dillon's unprotected abdomen, which, as if hit by a samurai sword, bursts open.  Dillon CRIES OUT as the huge man hits the ground.
102) 0) text: spanning the narrow gorge, Schaefer and Anna with Ramirez between them, move onto the log, preparing to cross.  They stop, HEARING Dillon's GUNFIRE.