7) 0) text: Illuminated by the eerie red glow of NIGHT LIGHTS, are SEVEN MEN, dressed in jungle camouflage, soft hats and camouflage face-makeup.  They wear no identity badges or insignias.  The man are checking their WEAPONS, making last minute adjustments to their GEAR. The compartment reverberates with the NOISE of the THUMPING ROTORS and the ROAR of air from the open doors. BLAIN, weapons and ordinance specialist, a frightening bull of a man, a 240 pound killer, removes from his shirtpocket a think PLUG OF TOBACCO.  He looks across at: MAC, a huge bear of a man, black, holding am M-60 MACHINE GUN.  Blain holds out the tobacco to Mac who refuses with a gentle shake of the head, a knowing smile, he knows what's coming. Holding the plug between his teeth Blain yanks free from his shoulder scabbard a wicked, ten inch COMBAT KNIFE.  Placing the razor sharp blade next to his lips he slices through the plug as if it were butter.  He chews throughtfully. Seated by the open doorway is RAMIREZ, a slight, angular man, an East L.A. streetwise Chicano. Adding a final piece of camouflage TAPE to his pack HARNESS, he looks up and smiles, faking a throw and the bulleting the tape to: HAWKINS, the radioman and medic, Irish, street-tough, reading a rolled-up magazine, as if he were a rush hour commuter.  He snags the tape with an instinctual snap
7) 6) dialog: (shouting) Hey, Billy, how many marines does it take to eat a squirrel?
7) 8) dialog: Two.  One to eat it and one to watch for cars.
7) 9) text: Hawkins laughs heartily at his joke.
38) 3) text: Hawkins grins back.  Together they slip through the grass, downward towards the edge of the camp.
43) 0) text: Schaefer races down the hillside, joined by Dillon, leaving Hawkins to cover them.  Bullets burst around their feet as they run low, firing short bursts to his left and right.
46) 0) text: The sniper CRASHES through the roof, landing on the floor near Hawkins and Ramirez who do a quick double take before opening fire on a group of fleeing Guerrillas, taking out two, giving chase to the others.
47) 7) text: As Blain runs down the stairs, Hawkins already has the radio off his back, setting up the portable SATELLITE DISH ANTENNA.
47) 8) dialog: You got it, Major!
53) 30) dialog: Major!
54) 0) text: Schaefer is talking to Hawkins who has the field radio set on a crate just outside the door.
54) 1) dialog: (urgent) Major, we stepped into some real shit here.  I got a hook-up with aerial surveillance.
54) 7) dialog: (nods) Guerrillas swarming like flies                     * all over the place.  Can't be more                 * then one, maybe two miles away.                    * Place is going down, Major.
54) 9) dialog: Half an hour, maybe less.                          *
66) 0) text: HEARING Ramirez' cry, Schaefer signals to Hawkins to move.  Hawkins moves out, fast, heading towards the sound...
67) 0) text: SEES Anna running away.  He gives chase. Anna, although bound, is light and fit and runs fast, hurdling fallen logs and branches, charging through the undergrowth.  SHe has a good start. Hawkins, hampered by the radio and weapon but in tremendous shape, thunders after her, closing the distance.
68) 6) dialog: Please...
68) 7) text: She looks at the weapon, to Hawkins and then, hopefully, to the jungle.  She stops, staring hard down the alleyway.  Something...suddenly she sees it!
68) 9) text: Hawkins spins...
71) 0) text: Entering the alleyway where Hawkins was killed he SEES Anna, cowering in the bushes, her blood splattered face glazed with terror, his eyes vacant.  He approaches, angry, wary, but the girl is so stunned. He SEES the trail of BLOOD and CRUSHED GRASSES leading into the jungle.  He gives a LOW WHISTLE and then moves on, the rest of the team assuming defensive positions around the clearing. He follows the trail, finding first Hawkins' blood-covered weapon, and then, a few yards later, the radio.  Ramirez cautiously parts the brush before him.  A look of puzzlement and then revulsion comes of his face.
72) 5) text: Ramirez emerges from the jungle carrying Hawkins' MP-5 and radio.  He approaches, dumping the equipment on the ground.
73) 0) text: Dillon in the b.g., as Ramirez parts the brush with his weapon.  Before them, covered with dirt and leaves, are Hawkins' ENTRAILS.  There is no body.
74) 11) text: Schaefer, looking at Hawkins' bloodstained equipment lying at Anna's feet, looks up.
74) 19) text: They move out.  Schaefer moves into the jungle, searching.  He crouches at the base of a huge MAHOGANY TREE, covered with vines, studying the jungle.  He moves away from the tree and into the forest, looking for signs on the ground. Where he was sitting, a DROP OF BLOOD falls.  Another drop falls, dripping from a leaf and above that, from another leaf.  Above that, high in the top of the tree, SUSPENDED from vines from his ankles, is HAWKINS' BODY, his chest a gaping wound. He hands there as if he were an animal, field dressed.
82) 0) text: Hawkins' BODY impacts the floor with a THUMP.
86) 0) text: CLOSE ON an oval CHAMBER made of an otherworldly looking metal with a strange copperlike patina, its interior bathed in INTENSE BLUE LIGHT.  In the chamber is Hawkins' SKULL CAP and SPINAL COLUMN still attached. The light field suddenly changes as all connective tissue, flesh and blood and drawn away from the bony structures with incredible force, disintegrating as they rush toward the sides of the chamber. The light changes in frequency to a dull glow as the Hunter's hands remove the GLAZED, POLISHED trophy from the chamber.  He turns, carefully placing it upon a GLOWING SURFACE.  He touches the trophy gently, feeling its texture, as a man might touch the hide of a big cat. He pulls his hand away and instantly an opaque FORCE FIELD covers the trophies.