7) 0) text: Illuminated by the eerie red glow of NIGHT LIGHTS, are SEVEN MEN, dressed in jungle camouflage, soft hats and camouflage face-makeup.  They wear no identity badges or insignias.  The man are checking their WEAPONS, making last minute adjustments to their GEAR. The compartment reverberates with the NOISE of the THUMPING ROTORS and the ROAR of air from the open doors. BLAIN, weapons and ordinance specialist, a frightening bull of a man, a 240 pound killer, removes from his shirtpocket a think PLUG OF TOBACCO.  He looks across at: MAC, a huge bear of a man, black, holding am M-60 MACHINE GUN.  Blain holds out the tobacco to Mac who refuses with a gentle shake of the head, a knowing smile, he knows what's coming. Holding the plug between his teeth Blain yanks free from his shoulder scabbard a wicked, ten inch COMBAT KNIFE.  Placing the razor sharp blade next to his lips he slices through the plug as if it were butter.  He chews throughtfully. Seated by the open doorway is RAMIREZ, a slight, angular man, an East L.A. streetwise Chicano. Adding a final piece of camouflage TAPE to his pack HARNESS, he looks up and smiles, faking a throw and the bulleting the tape to: HAWKINS, the radioman and medic, Irish, street-tough, reading a rolled-up magazine, as if he were a rush hour commuter.  He snags the tape with an instinctual snap
13) 0) text: Dillon seems comfortable with the men, showing Ramirez a battered CIGARETTE LIGHTER from a famed commando unit from the past. But his ingratiating demeanor is not impressing Mac, who regards Dillon with the cold suspicion reserved for an outsider.  Mac looks up at Blain, his eyes narrowing. Blain's massive jaws roll as he masticates the chew. He pauses, eyes moving downward, spotting his target.
13) 5) text: Dillon turns back to Ramirez, ignoring Mac and Blain, who continues to stare at him.  Mac looks across at Blain, wide grins breaking across their huge faces. Cradled in Blain's arms, as if it were a part of his body, is a large, CANVAS-COVERED BUNDLE.  Blain looks down at his bundle, almost affectionately. The PILOT's VOICE breaks in over Schaefer's headset.
25) 10) text: Mac moves forward, withdrawing his COMBAT KNIFE. The blade flashes, cutting the vine as the first body THUDS to the ground.  He bends over, picking up other DOG TAGS. Schaefer turns to Dillon.
25) 19) text: Schaefer walks off.  Mac steps out of the clearing, sheathing his knife with a violent gesture, passing Ramirez.
25) 21) text: Mac moves alongside Blain.
25) 22) dialog: (spits) Ain't no way for a soldier to die. (looks at Blain) Time to let 'ol 'painless' out of the bag.
27) 0) text: Blain feeds the magazine of BELTED-SHELLS into the weapon, cocking it.  He looks up at Mac, his eyes cold, his face taut with anger.
27) 2) text: Blain hefts the Mini-gun to his hip as Mac draws back slightly on the breech bolt of the M-60, letting it snap. They move on, Billy pausing to look at the jungle before disappearing into the foliage.
28) 0) text: Mac appears suddenly, materializing out of the undergrowth, pausing cautiously, his senses alert, intense, almost nervous.  He moves on, his huge body barely making a sound as he weaves through the heavy undergrowth. Dillon appears.  As he moves on, he crosses over a fallen TREE.  Stepping down, his foot breaks through a rotten portion, a CHUCK of the log breaking free and rolling down the hill. Dillon at once goes into a defensive position, listening.  The jungle is SILENT.  He stands and starts to move forward.  Suddenly Mac appears within inches of Dillon's face.  Mac's face is menacing, angry.
28) 5) dialog: (hissing; barely audible) You're ghostin' on me, mother fokaaa!...I don't care who you are back in the world... You give away our position again and I'll bleed you quiet and leave your fuckin' ass right here. (hisses; spits) Got it?
28) 6) text: Dillon's eyes are wide and fixed, staring back in cold hatred at Mac, controlling his rage...he knows the rules. Not waiting for a response, Mac turns and vanished into the jungle.  Seething with anger Dillon focuses on a still moving LEAF and STEM, indicating Mac's exit point.  He moves on.
29) 0) text: Crouches under heavy foliage, waiting.  He is joined by Mac.  They glance briefly at each other, scanning in opposite directions for movement and sounds.  They speak in whispers.
29) 2) dialog: No.  Shithead with his trenchcoat and dee-coda-da ring was makin' enough noise to get us all waxed.  I don't like that guy.  Don't like him at my back.  I ain't winding up like those bastards back there.
29) 3) text: Mac, sweating heavily, wipes the moisture from his brow with his finger. Blain pats the mini-gun affectionately.
29) 9) dialog: As always, bro...
29) 10) text: They do a gentle fist dap and smile warmly at each other.  Two men who have seen it all, through a dozen no-win situations, and have lived to tell about it. Mac advances a few meters and signals slowly.
30) 0) text: The assault team moving up the hill, barely visible in the heavy foliage, the team moves cautiously into defensive positions.  Holding. A moment later they continue up the hill, crawling. On their stomachs, Schaefer and Ramirez clear the edge of the knoll, SEEING below a GUERRILLA VILLAGE, a huge, spreading PALAPA covering implacements dug into a hillside, descending to a winding stream bed below.  30 MEN, dressed in a mixture of jungle fatigues and civilian clothes, armed with AK-47 ASSAULT RIFLES move about the camp.  A heavy MACHINE GUN emplacement guards the entrance to the camp.  TWO MEN sit in the camouflaged emplacement.
31) 0) text: Crawl silently through the underbrush.  With nearly impreceptible movements, Blain slips out of the cartridge pack, ditching the Mini-gun.  He withdraws his COMBAT KNIFE, placing it between his teeth. They move through the underbrush in tandem, like two bug cats, stalking.  Mac freezes, the sweat pouring from his face, holds up his hand as Blain stops.
35) 0) text: While one Guerrilla attends to his equipment, the OTHER attentively watches the approaches to the camp. He is momentarily distracted by a BUZZING FLY, which he annoyingly swats at with his hand. He hears something to his side.  Turning to investigate, the huge, hamhock fist of Mack smashes into his throat. Simultaneously, Blain rises up behind the other man, grabs him by the hair, pulling him down, his COMBAT KNIFE driving downward.
39) 0) text: Holds his huge, COMMANDO MACHETE on a diagonal, pushing through the belt, slicing it cleanly.  Turning he crawls silently to the rear of the truck, positioning himself behind the rear of the one ton truck. He squats, and with an enormous, concentrated effort, deadlifts the rear of the truck, its rusted springs and frame beginning to CREAK and GROAN slightly.
44) 0) text: A MAN almost completely ON FIRE is hit by an onslaught of GUNFIRE, ripping him back into the jungle. Ramirez cuts loose a barrage from the SIX-SHOOTER... seconds later the MACHINE GUN IMPLACEMENT erupts in a series of EXPLOSIONS, blowing two Guerrillas into the air. At the HILLSIDE HUT, two Guerrillas move into position by the window, drawing down on Schaefer as he appears, racing down the hill. As they are about to open fire, Dillon appears, YELLING OUT a warning.
45) 0) text: at the entrance way to the main palapa, a Guerrilla stands in the doorway, giving COVER FIRE to his comrades as they fall back inside. Jumping from the roof of the adjoining palapa, Billy drops directly in front of the Guerrilla. From the side, unseen by Billy, another Guerrilla thrusts out with a knife, Billy ducking backwards, the tip of the knife SLASHING his face.  With a lightning move, Billy whips his arm up and around the Guerrilla, locking his elbow, breaking the joint. Still holding the man he FIRES, blowing the other Guerrilla off his feet with the SHOTGUN portion of his weapon.  He looks at the Guerrilla out of the corner of his eye.  He suddenly strikes, breaking his neck, dropping him in a heap. Billy continues on, racing down the stairs, firing the M-203. Meanwhile, Blain is crouched next to a tree, providing cover.  Behind Blain, at the edge of the camp, circling around from below, TWO GUERRILLAS appear and FIRE a grenade round which EXPLODES behind Blain, fragments ripping into the tree next to which Blain is standing, bark and dirt flying as shrapnel rips into his vest, one piece tearing into his upper shoulder.  The hits have no effect on the huge man and with a savage GROWL, he spins, opening fire, raking the two attackers with the Mini-gun. Nearby, Mac charges from the jungle on a dead run, diving over a fallen tree as machine gun FIRE rakes the ground around him. Blain, spotting the sniper high in a tree, opens FIRE with the MINI-GUN, shredding the tree, sending the Guerrilla crashing down through the roof of the palapa.
49) 0) text: For the first time, Schaefer studies the interior of the cavernous palapa, SEEING the enormous stockpile of WEAPONS, EQUIPMENT and SUPPLIES stacked along the walls, obviously a major military stronghold hidden deep within the mountains.  Mac hustles up to Schaefer, a look of urgency on his face.
49) 2) dialog: (nods) We found 'em both, dead. And the gear from the chopper. If they're Central American, I'm a fuckin' Chinaman.  By                        * the looks of 'em, I'd say our                      * cabinet minister and his aide                      * are CIA. (pause) Another thing, Major, we were lucky...couple of those guys we waxed are Russians, military advisors by the look of it.  Something big was about to happen here.
49) 3) text: Schaefer looks at Mac a moment, a flush of anger beginning to show.
52) 14) text: Before Blain can answer, Ramirez puts his fingers into his ears and grimaces just as... The entire hillside EXPLODES, blowing the Guerrillas into the air, a torrent of vegetation and earth raining down the cliff, obscuring Blain and Ramirez.
56) 3) text: She spits at him, turning forward with a twist of her head. Dillon picks up his back, shouldering it.  As they move on, Mac calls out to him.
56) 4) dialog: (quietly) Hey, Dillon, over here.
56) 6) dialog: (louder) Dillon, over here.
56) 9) text: MAc unsheathes his knife.  He gives Dillon a cold look and turns him by the shoulders.  Crawling across the PACK on Dillon's back is a huge SCORPION. Mac skeweres the scorpion with the tip of his blade, holding it before the wincing Dillon.  Anna smirks, nodding to the writhing, stinging insect.
56) 15) dialog: (coolly) Anytime.
56) 16) text: Mac flings the scorpion to the ground, crushing it with his boot.  He looks up at Dillon, walks away. Dillon follows, pulling Anna behind him. Billy, guarding the rear, glances furtively around the clearing.  He moves a step forward and stops, freezing. Slowly he turns back, his eyes riveted upon the treeline above the camp.  His eyes strain, his senses registering a fear he cannot name or see. Something is out there, in the trees, waiting, watching. Billy turns and walks into the jungle, pausing one last time to look behind him before he too disappears from sight. The jungle GROWS SILENT.
56) 22) text: Again the phrase is uttered, improving, closer to Mac's inflection and accent.
56) 26) text: The last effort is a chilling simulation of Mac's voice.
59) 0) text: Lies across their path.  As the man climb over a rotten section, Mac stops to assist Blain with his Mini-gun.
59) 1) dialog: I've seen some badass bush before, but nothin' like this, man. (pause) Little taste 'o home?
59) 2) text: Blain nods and pauses to rest, looking around him as Mac withdraws a small silver POCKET FLASK.  He takes a nip, passing the flask to Blain who also takes a sip.
59) 4) text: Blain hands back the flask, Mac replacing it inside his vest.  They do their hand dap, looking warily behind them before they move on.
64) 3) dialog: Can't say, Major...been squirrely all mornin'... fuckin' weird...sometimes I think that nose of his is too good...smells things that ain't there.
64) 4) text: Schaefer signals for Mac to cover him and then moves low and quiet towards Billy.  Dillon appears, looking to Mac for an explanation.  Mac ignores him, concentrating on the jungle.  Dillon looks forward at... Billy, his eyes riveted to the capony above, as he unconsciously reaches to his throat, grasping a LEATHER POUCH, secured to his neck by a thong.  He fingers the MEDICINE BAG talisman.
70) 0) text: Ramirez runs forward ten paces, drops to a crouch, scanning to each side.  Immediately Schaefer runs forward twenty paces.  As he passes Ramirez, Ramirez turns and scans the rear and flanks. Dillon, Mac and Blain repeat the maneuver, leap-frogging forward, canvassing the jungle, providing areas of intersection cover.
72) 0) text: Blain and Mac at either end, cautiously searching the jungle; Billy covering their flanks.
76) 0) text: Has heard Blain's cry.  He moves fast through the brush. He HEARS a RUSTLING in the bushes.  A wet SUCKING SOUND. Mac charges into the clearing.  In the instant before the Hunter disappears into the forest, Mac SEES a vision so brief and fantastic that it seems like a hallucination. The Hunter's EYES flare momentarily from the green before they vanish. Mac sees his friend, lying on the ground, his chest open, the powerful man, dead.
76) 1) dialog: (shouting) Contact, 30 Right!!!
78) 0) text: He throws down the weapon and with a cry of rage, lunges forward, grabbing the Mini-gun.  As he stands, the CARTRIDGE BELT, attached to Blain, strings out between them. He opens FIRE and the foliage before him EXPLODES with the fury of the terrible weapon.  Mac sweeps the Mini-gun from left to right, like a man possessed, mowing down the jungle. The other team members race INTO SIGHT and begin firing with Mac.
79) 2) dialog: (confused) I...saw it.
79) 3) text: At these words, Anna reacts in shock, drawing a slight breath.  Schaefer turns, sees her staring at Mac.  He turns back.
79) 5) dialog: (still dazed) I saw it.
79) 6) text: Schaefer turns back to see Anna, staring fixidly at Mac, watching his lips.  Schaefer turns quickly to Blain's body and kneels alongside Dillon.
79) 15) text: Mac stares ahead, dumbly, not hearing.  He grabs Mac by his shoulders, shaking him violently back to awareness.
79) 17) text: Mac!  Mac!  Look at me! Mac turn to face Schaefer, a shocked expression on his face.
79) 19) text: Mac is suddenly angry and frustrated, he has no explanation.
79) 20) dialog: I don't know.  Goddamn it, something...I saw something/.
79) 28) dialog: Yessir.
79) 31) dialog: I'll take him.
81) 4) dialog: We've got most of the flares, frags. and two claymores just outside.  Nothin's comin' close to here without trippin' on somethin'.
81) 6) text: Mac starts to go but Schaefer places his hand on his shoulder.
81) 8) dialog: (hardened) The best friend I ever had.
81) 9) text: Mac turns and walks through the camp, stopping beside a DARK OBJECT on the ground.  He kneels beside the PONCHO pulling back the zipper REVEALING Blain's face, looking peaceful in death, as if lying in state. Mac removes something from his pocket, holding it in his hand, studying it.
81) 11) dialog: takes a tiny sip from the flask.  He replaces the cap and lifts the flap of Blain's shirt pocket, placing the flask inside.  He lingers on the face and then closes the zipper.
81) 12) dialog: (softly) Good-bye, Bro.
85) 18) text: Dillon turns to Mac.
85) 20) text: Mac is still obviously feeling the anger and bitterness of the mystifying event.
85) 21) dialog: Don't know, only saw one of 'em.  Camouflaged.  He was there... (remembering) ...Those fucking eyes...
85) 28) dialog: (returning; angry) Those eyes...disappeared.  But I know one thing, Major... (pause) ...I drew down and fired right at it.  Capped-off two hundred rounds and then the Mini-gun; the full pack. Nothin'...nothin' on this earth could have lived...not at that range.
85) 29) text: Dillon ponders this for a moment, staring hard at Mac. Mac gets up.
85) 30) dialog: I've got the first watch.
85) 31) text: Mac departs.  Dillon watches Mac as he creeps forward to the sentry position.  He turns to Ramirez.
87) 0) text: Hunched down in a foxhole, the Mini-gun on a tripod before him.  It's nearly a FULL MOON, the jungle a montage of SHADOWS AND REFLECTIONS.  Mac stares into the night, his eyes always moving.
87) 1) dialog: (distant; whispering) It's the same kinda jungle, Bro, same moon... everything... (pause) ...a real number ten night. Remember Bro?  Only you and me, the only one's out of the whole fuckin' platoon who made it out.
87) 3) dialog: ...we walked out on top of 'em.  Not a scratch, not a fuckin' scratch. (spits into the night) No fuckin' chili-choker got to you, Bro...you were just too good...
87) 8) dialog: ...I promise you this, Bro... whoever he is, I hope he's plannin' to hit us again... (pauses; spits) ...'cause he's got my name on 'em.
89) 0) text: The mist has thickened, the night alive with a million JUNGLE SOUNDS.  The team members sleep uneasily, if at all. Mac, although weary, stares hard into the night, waiting, each small sound a potential enemy.  A LULL spreads over the jungle, animals and insects QUIETING. Mac tightens his grip on the Mini-gun. Billy awakens, peering into the night.  Nothing. Suddenly, a metallic CLICK, a POP, the SOUND of a warning flare rocketing into the canopy.  A moment later a brilliant FLASH as the flare burns, illuminating the camp. An echoing eerie SCREAM fills the night as a DARK SHAPE in the mist rockets through the undergrowth towards Mac. Mac spins, hauling the heavy gun around, just as something crashes into his upper body, driving the huge man into the foxhole. A desperate battle for life ensues, illuminated with the strobing light of the descending flare.  Mac's enraged SHOUTS and ROARS mingled with horrific SCREAMS fill the night. Mac's razor-edged KNIFE slashes in the light; BLOOD spatters his face as he attacks fiercely.
89) 4) dialog: Got the motherfucker...
89) 5) text: As the flare breaks through the canopy, dying out in great flickering bursts, the man stare down into the foxhole.  A huge, jungle BOAR lies mutilated in a pool of blood, still quivering in the final throes of death. The flare dies out. Mac, shaking from adrenalin, breathing heavily, looks down at the dying animal.
89) 6) dialog: (incredulous) A pig...just a fucking pig...
89) 9) text: Nearby, unnoticed by the men, Anna stoops, her hands still bound, picking up an MP-5 from the ground.  She turns, looking for an avenue of escape, running for the jungle. But the forest looks foreboding and sinister.  She stops, staring at the jungle, the moonlight reflected off leaves like a thousand eyes.  For a brief second she imagines she can see the Hunter's eyes, crashing towards her, the shifting patterns of light and dark making the jungle seem to strobe, like it is about to rush in at her.  She freezes, paralyzed by fear, by her memories of the attack. She drops the MP-5 to the ground. Back at the foxhole, Schaefer and Ramirez help the still shaken Mac from the hole.  Schaefer looks at Mac, at the huge gash across his chest.
91) 0) text: Anna at the base of the rocks scans the jungle with binoculars watching the tree line.  Mac moves past her, uncoiling a trip wire linking up four CLAYMORE mines hidden at various points with leaves and foliage.  In a tree at the edge of the clearing, Billy tosses an uncoiling roll of wire to Ramirez who attaches it to a GRENADE, wedged it the crouch of a tree. Wires attached to GRENADES and CLAYMORE MINES lead off through the underbrush and trees leaving a long, unmined corridor leading from the camp and into the jungle. At the corridor's end, where the rocks merge with the jungle, Schaefer hauls down on a HEAVY VINE, straining with every ounce of strength, his muscles bulging, while Dillon takes up the slack of the vine
94) 0) text: The limb CRASHES down from the trees, Schaefer, Dillon, Billy and Mac Diving for safety.  But Ramirez, following the Hunter's leap, SEES too late the pendular movement of the severed limb and is struck a THUDDING blow in the ribs, which lifts him off his feet, hurling him backwards like a rag doll, his shirt torn open, exposing a BLOODY WOUND. As Anna runs to Ramirez's side the others, still stunned, look upward, frozen in shock SEEING:  THE HUNTER, clinging to a side of a tree, flushed bright crimson. Dillis is dumbfounded, like the others, rooted to the ground staring upward.
94) 9) text: He turns to run after Mac.  Dillon steps in front of him, putting his hand on Schaefer's chest.
94) 24) text: Hefting both weapons at the hip he runs into the jungle after Mac.  Schaefer watches him leave.  He breaks and goes to Ramirez, attended by Anna and Billy, who is now sitting up, holding his ribs and gasping for breath.
95) 1) dialog: (whispered) Come on, you motherfucker!
96) 0) text: Moving through the underbrush HEARS a slight RUSTLING in the foliage.  Mac?  He strains to locate the source of the movement. He HEARS A SOUND, too faint at first it identify.  He listens.  Silence.  He hears is again, the SOUND of a VOICE, barely audible.  A VERY QUIET WHISPER.
96) 9) text: Suddenly a HAND appears and covers Dillon's mouth. Dillon gasps as Mac pulls him down to where he is hiding.
96) 10) dialog: (whispering; close) Out there.  Past the rocks... can you see it?
96) 11) text: Something seems to MOVE in the direction Mac is pointing.
96) 15) dialog: (a mean look) ...Right, I got a score to settle for the Bro...
96) 20) text: Dillon silently disappears into the jungle, Mac watching him go. Mac makes his way toward the rock outcropping, working his way between the rocks and the vines.  He takes up a position and scans the jungle before him.
99) 10) text: He moves closer to the rocks, eyes probing.  Through a gap in the rocks he SEES Mac's face, staring up at him, eyes frozen wide in death. Dillon spins hard.  He stares at the solid wall of undergrowth.  He looks from one side of the corridor to the other.  Something it out there.  Where? Something in the vines has caught his attention.  He stares hard at a section of moss.
116) 0) text: Using his MACHETE he carves MAGNESIUM SHAVINGS from a fire block into a pile of KINDLING.  He removes a match from the hollow handle of the machete, also containing a coil of PIANO WIRE, GREEN TAPE and MEDICAL SUPPLIES. He lights the shavings which burn with a brilliant white light.  Schaefer shelters the fire with a banana leaf until the flame dies down.  He feeds the fire with more kindling, fanning it with a leaf.
117) 1) text: Schaefer is pounding a peeled root between two stones. He pauses to drool saliva into the pulpy mass.  He scrapes the milky substance onto a BANANA LEAF, mixing it with a sticky SAP, holding it over the coals until the mixture steams. Schaefer coats the arrow tips with the sticky poison, holding them over the coals until the sap bubbles and smokes.  He spins the arrows in his hands, blowing on the tips to cool and harden the mixture. Using the tip of his machete, he pries open the casing of one of the 40MM grenades, discarding the warhead.  He dumps the PROPELLANT POWDER from the shell onto a leaf, mixing that with a mound of MAGNESIUM SHAVINGS. He opens the narrow, tight roll of GAUZE taken from the first aid kit of the machete handle, fluffing it into a large, loose BUNDLE, the size of a baseball.  He pours the powder-mixture into the gauze, mixing it into the fabric. He transfers the ball of explosive ladened gauze to a pliable DRY LEAF, closing it into a bundle, binding it at the top with a long strand of jungle-grass. He twists the remaining gauze around a MATCH, leaving the head exposed, forming a self-striking FUSE. He coats the fuse with SAP and then thickly covers it with more powder from the 40MM grenade.  He pokes the fuse down into the leaf.  Taking a long strand of JUNGLE GRASS he makes a large loop, tying it onto the grenade, slipping the loop and grenade over his head.
149) 0) text: Flash overhead, heading across the trackless jungle, their rotors THUMPING like heavy machine gun fire.