7) 0) text: Illuminated by the eerie red glow of NIGHT LIGHTS, are SEVEN MEN, dressed in jungle camouflage, soft hats and camouflage face-makeup.  They wear no identity badges or insignias.  The man are checking their WEAPONS, making last minute adjustments to their GEAR. The compartment reverberates with the NOISE of the THUMPING ROTORS and the ROAR of air from the open doors. BLAIN, weapons and ordinance specialist, a frightening bull of a man, a 240 pound killer, removes from his shirtpocket a think PLUG OF TOBACCO.  He looks across at: MAC, a huge bear of a man, black, holding am M-60 MACHINE GUN.  Blain holds out the tobacco to Mac who refuses with a gentle shake of the head, a knowing smile, he knows what's coming. Holding the plug between his teeth Blain yanks free from his shoulder scabbard a wicked, ten inch COMBAT KNIFE.  Placing the razor sharp blade next to his lips he slices through the plug as if it were butter.  He chews throughtfully. Seated by the open doorway is RAMIREZ, a slight, angular man, an East L.A. streetwise Chicano. Adding a final piece of camouflage TAPE to his pack HARNESS, he looks up and smiles, faking a throw and the bulleting the tape to: HAWKINS, the radioman and medic, Irish, street-tough, reading a rolled-up magazine, as if he were a rush hour commuter.  He snags the tape with an instinctual snap
64) 4) text: Schaefer signals for Mac to cover him and then moves low and quiet towards Billy.  Dillon appears, looking to Mac for an explanation.  Mac ignores him, concentrating on the jungle.  Dillon looks forward at... Billy, his eyes riveted to the capony above, as he unconsciously reaches to his throat, grasping a LEATHER POUCH, secured to his neck by a thong.  He fingers the MEDICINE BAG talisman.
103) 0) text: The jungle is still deathly SILENT.  Schaefer, Anna and Ramirez cross the log, moving onto the other side. Billy, still at the foot of the log, providing cover, turns to face the jungle. He lifts his head towards the trees, feeling the onrushing presence of the Hunter.  He shrugs off the radio letting it fall, smashing into the rocks below. He casts away his weapon.  Staring forward he reaches into his cargo pocket, withdrawing a small GREASE-PAINT TIN.  Covering his finger in BLACK PAINT he applies dark slashes under his eyes and again, vertically down his cheeks.  Taking another dap of paint he makes a SYMBOL on his bare skin, over his heart. He drops the tin, withdrawing his COMBAT KNIFE.  Holding the knife he grasps the MEDICINE BAG around his neck, yanking it free with a quick snap.  He wraps the leather thong around his hand and knife, binding the weapon and bag together. Staring outward, as if in a trance, he begins a low CHANT. On the other side, Schaefer carrying Ramirez on his back, laboring up the steep slope, nearing the top, turns and SEES Billy standing, waiting at the foot of the bridge.
116) 0) text: Using his MACHETE he carves MAGNESIUM SHAVINGS from a fire block into a pile of KINDLING.  He removes a match from the hollow handle of the machete, also containing a coil of PIANO WIRE, GREEN TAPE and MEDICAL SUPPLIES. He lights the shavings which burn with a brilliant white light.  Schaefer shelters the fire with a banana leaf until the flame dies down.  He feeds the fire with more kindling, fanning it with a leaf.
150) 6) dialog: (shaking his head) Looks like he's been through hell...can't believe he's still alive.  What the hell went on down there?