58) 0) text: Bond pulls up at the CONSTRUCTION SITE, teeming with ultr modern robotic construction machines and vehicles. He gets out, and is immediately surrounded by men with gu A man in a suit steps forward.  DAVIDOV is tall, blonde, a dangerous charm Bond instantly recognizes as ex-KGB. He turns Bond around, hands on the car.  Pats him down. Pulls out an ID, checks it:
58) 1) dialog: (excellent English)
60) 0) text: Davidov pulls out Bond's gun.
60) 2) text: I'd rather you didn't play with that. Davidov ignores him, looking the gun over.
60) 3) dialog: Nice.
60) 5) dialog: (pleasant)
60) 6) text: Sorry about all that, comrade. Old habits die hard. I am Head of Security. Davidov. Bond eyes him, but is distracted by a jet coming to a hal ahead of them. Stairs swing down and out steps ELEKTRA KING.  Beautiful, elegant.  So out of place in this world of men.  She surv the worksite. Impressed, Bond takes his ID back from Davidov.
61) 0) text: Bond and Davidov step into a fully functioning office. Everything Elektra requires is here. Computer, phones, dr cabinet. She is in the middle of a group of workmen and secretaries, looking at plans, talking, pouring herself a of coffee.
61) 4) dialog: Miss King...James Bond here to see you. She looks up...a brief moment of RECOGNITION...then back business.
61) 6) dialog: Miss King, I wouldn't recommend...
64) 0) text: Davidov and Gabor, in the helicopter, watch the jeep belo
68) 0) text: Bond is edgy.  Someone is out there.  He's sure of it.  H sees Davidov and Gabor scanning the area as well.  Elektr speaks to the foreman.
81) 0) text: Palatial.  Hallway dominated by a LARGE PAINTING of a bea man in traditional Turkish garb, sitting proudly on a hor Davidov, Gabor, waiting, pacing. Bond is sits in a chair, ON EDGE, writing something over over on a small pad of paper...THE CYRILLIC LETTERS on th parachute fragment. A DOCTOR comes down the grand staircase. The men stand.
84) 39) dialog: On top. She slowly pulls a pair of SILK ROPES out from her bra an DANGLES THEM.
86) 0) text: The HENCHMAN holds Davidov against the wall with his huge fist around his neck.  Near his head, the live flame of a SCONCE hisses, burning blue and yellow, drawing their fue from the glass basin of hot oil attached beneath it. The HOOKER, obviously one of Renard's gang, has finished donning her khaki pants and combat boots and straps a gun onto her shoulder. Renard looks distastefully at the room.
86) 2) dialog: (croaks out)
86) 8) dialog: The plane...it's all been arranged...
86) 10) dialog: I have the documents, the landing authorizations, the security passes... Renard stops, the oil tilted, just ready to pour... His dead eye...has it drooped further since we last saw him?...seems to glitter in the light...
86) 12) dialog: Yes...yes... Renard lets a TRICKLE OF OIL drop onto Davidov's head... HE SCREAMS as his hair smokes and singes... Renard makes a motion, the THUG releases Davidov, who fal to the floor, clutching his head.
88) 0) text: Bond, Elektra, Gabor outside, Davidov soon joining them, trying to look like he hasn't been through hell.  Bond notices the burn on his head. Davidov touches it self- consciously.
88) 1) dialog: A little accident.
90) 0) text: Bond and Elektra emerge from the BMW.  Behind them, Gabor Davidov get out of her car. Bond watches as Davidov slams door and marches off, angry, toward the SECURITY QUARTERS the side of the house. Bond and Elektra walk to the front door, anticipation thi in the air.  Gabor opens the door. Elektra sweeps through
95) 0) text: Bond's car, several of Elektra's vehicles, all parked aro the security office.  They have been joined by: A WHITE ECONOMY CAR, a Russian make, with a familiar SEAL painted on the door...we've seen it before, the seal on t of the stolen report at the beginning...Miratom. Out of the driver's seat steps...DAVIDOV.  He carries a briefcase from the car to the front door of the security office. He looks around furtively before he disappears inside. The parking area is dark and silent and then: JAMES BOND sits up in the driver's seat of his BMW.
96) 0) text: Bond sticks his key in the ignition and activates the car various systems. HIS P.O.V.  Davidov is a shadow in the office window. Bond flicks a switch.  A NEEDLE-THIN BEAM is directed fro the BMW to the window of the office.  He can HEAR a synth of Davidov's voice...
96) 1) dialog: I'm running late...no, no, I'll make it...how will they know I'm your man?...romashka...romashka...alright. Bond hears the click of a phone hanging up.  He flicks another switch in his car, an infra-red tracking system activates in his WINDSCREEN... He can now see Davidov perfectly as he comes out of the security quarters, carrying a briefcase and a large DUFFL BAG which he carries to the car and loads into the TRUNK. He goes back inside. BOND gets out of the BMW.  He moves stealthily to the Rus vehicle and, using the laser beam on his watch, opens the lock on the trunk.  It pops open. Bond sees the briefcase, and the dufflebag, and...SOMETHI ELSE...something beneath them...he moves the objects asid A MAN is folded into the back of the trunk, his head slum forward, dark hair on the back of his head slightly wet ...blood? Bond tips the head back, revealing GLASSY DEAD EYES. Bond leans in and plucks a BADGE from his white shirt poc It has a photo of the dead man and reads, in English and Cyrillic: LEONID TASHKA - FIELD INSPECTOR.  On the corner the badge...THE RUSSIAN SEAL...Miratom. The one from the report.  Bond touches it with his thumb, recognizing it.
98) 0) text: Davidov pulls off the road and parks his car in a wooded area.
99) 0) text: Davidov's feet crunch in the dirt as he walks to the back opens the trunk. He removes the briefcase.  Then the duffle bag.  He looks down at the dead body,  head slumped forward, as before.. something is different, the clothes not quite right and t THE DEAD BODY MOVES, the head turns, Davidov gasps... It IS JAMES BOND.
107) 8) text: Yes. Viktor Davidov, Miss...?
110) 26) text: There's no Davidov at Miratom.