61) 17) dialog: The jeep is ready, Ma'am.  Will I be driving with you?
64) 0) text: Davidov and Gabor, in the helicopter, watch the jeep belo
68) 0) text: Bond is edgy.  Someone is out there.  He's sure of it.  H sees Davidov and Gabor scanning the area as well.  Elektr speaks to the foreman.
81) 0) text: Palatial.  Hallway dominated by a LARGE PAINTING of a bea man in traditional Turkish garb, sitting proudly on a hor Davidov, Gabor, waiting, pacing. Bond is sits in a chair, ON EDGE, writing something over over on a small pad of paper...THE CYRILLIC LETTERS on th parachute fragment. A DOCTOR comes down the grand staircase. The men stand.
88) 0) text: Bond, Elektra, Gabor outside, Davidov soon joining them, trying to look like he hasn't been through hell.  Bond notices the burn on his head. Davidov touches it self- consciously.
90) 0) text: Bond and Elektra emerge from the BMW.  Behind them, Gabor Davidov get out of her car. Bond watches as Davidov slams door and marches off, angry, toward the SECURITY QUARTERS the side of the house. Bond and Elektra walk to the front door, anticipation thi in the air.  Gabor opens the door. Elektra sweeps through
91) 0) text: Bond pauses just inside the open doorway. HIS P.O.V.  Two figures in the cavernous entrance hall, Elektra having a brief word with Gabor, before he turns a exits, leaving only... ELEKTRA AND BOND. She starts upstairs, Bond's eyes locked on her body, and then: SHE LOOKS BACK...just once.  But it says everything. She continues upward. Bond taps the front door closed with his foot.
132) 0) text: A big room lined with books. Three french doors lead out balcony.  She walks a few paces in... THE DOOR SHUTS BEHIND HER, she whirls... GABOR, propped up behind the door, stares, wide-eyed, bef he FALLS TO THE FLOOR. Elektra gasps, she turns again... A DARK FIGURE LOOMS, a shadow against the windows.  He mo forward, his face becoming visible...IT'S BOND.
141) 0) text: The room is quiet, tense.  M and her two men, Elektra, Ga the King TECHNICIAN and three armed security guards at th doors. They are the only ones left.  Going down with the ship...if it goes.  M and Elektra watch the two lights no together on the console.  A tense silence.  Everyone's ed Elektra perhaps a little more than the rest.  She exchang glance with Gabor.
147) 0) text: On the consoles, red concentric circles pulse outward fro the point of impact, emitting one, monotone BEEP.... The watchers are frozen, stunned, shocked. Gabor, a radio earpiece in his ear, reports information.
147) 1) dialog: It wasn't nuclear...the bomb was a dud. The trigger charge blew out a fifty yard section of pipeline...
147) 3) dialog: Nothing. M and Elektra share a look.
175) 0) text: M is at the door of her cell.  Her arm is stretched out through the bars.  She is using her high-heeled shoe to t to HOOK the leg of the stool and drag it toward her.  She only jut tap the leg with the tip of the heel.  She swipe out at the little three-legged stool, tapping it, tapping it... It scoots toward her a little...she taps it again, gets h shoe HOOKED on the leg of the stool and starts to drag it when... The rickety stool hits a bump on the ancient stone floor SPILLS OVER...the clock HITS THE GROUND and SKIDS across stones, coming to rest ACROSS THE ROOM, on the floor near window. M leans against the bars. SHE HEARS HER THE OUTER DOOR CLANKING OPEN... She hurries to her cot and lies down. GABOR ENTERS...a burly shadow in the light from the hall. walks in.  Looks at M.  Picks up the clock and sets it ON WINDOW SILL. He leaves, shutting the door behind him. M sits up. Looks out to the clock, glowing in the dark. IT READS TWO A.M. She drops her head back on the wall.  She will not sleep tonight.
194) 3) dialog: Welcome aboard, Mr. Bond. BOND'S P.O.V.  A thug steps into sight below, holding CHRISTMAS hostage as well.
198) 0) text: Elektra moves to her gun.  Just then, Gabor crashes throu stained glass window, neck broken. TWO ELEKTRA HENCHMEN appear from below stairs as the door burst open.  Zukovsky stands there.  A bloody giant. They open up with machine guns, but two shots from Zukovs take them out, though he takes one in the shoulder.  Righ now, he's unstoppable. A shocked silence after the shooting.  He eyes Bond in th chair.  To the room: