0) 0) text: An engraved brass plaque announcing the name of the "priv banking institute" within.
2) 0) text: She swings on a WIRE across to another roof, quickly disappearing into shadows. Bond can hear sirens approaching. He returns to... THE OFFICE...he grabs the money and moves fast for the do casually slipping that cigar into his pocket... Except Henchman #1 has recovered, blocks his way, gun in hand.  He starts to squeeze the trigger -- when a RED DOT appears on his chest...another window SHATTERS as a bulle zings through and pierces the henchman in the heart. Bond looks back once at the shattered window, then heads
9) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES with Bond as he enters this secret, hi-tech world.  He passes through countless security procedures, watched by an attentive staff. Bond scoops the money out of the suitcase.  Three million sterling in tightly bundled hundreds makes quite a sight. flicks his finger through the last wad, tosses it down wistfully.  A blue light scans it on three axis. The money is bundled into a clear plastic bag, put on a t and wheeled through a series of barred enclosures into th SECURE ROOM.  Bond hands the suitcase to a STAFF MEMBER.
14) 0) text: Q and his men are working on a strange half-built BOAT suspended over a water tank.
14) 1) dialog: ..the hydro boat can operate in three inches of water... He looks up as Bond runs through...
22) 2) dialog: It's not finished! Bond looks at the mystifying number of buttons and gadget ...presses something red and...THE BOAT LEAPS OUT, ENGINE ROARING...
33) 0) text: Bond's boat crashes right through it, sending diners LEAP in every direction. The Q boat SHOOTS OUT over the balcon and splashes down once more into...
34) 0) text: Cigar Girl is now clearly in his sights.  She is amazed t see that Bond has managed to overtake her. The racing boats dice through an armada of lazy, over-loa BARGES, nearly crashing into the much larger vessels. AT EVEN PACE NOW...Cigar Girl attempts to force her way p him, but Bond, punching buttons on the console of the Q-b releases a set of catapulting FLAME CANNISTERS which crea massive WALL OF FIRE ahead of them... CIGAR GIRL is forced toward the very edge of the river... jig is almost up, and then... HER P.O.V.  She spots the launching of a HOT AIR BALLOON the base of the massive MILLENNIUM DOME. She skids her vessel to a stop at a nearby pier and quick scrambles out of her boat.
48) 0) text: An ancient nook chock full of hi-tech equipment.  Bond concentrates on a screen displaying PHOTOGRAPHS, NEWSPAPE AND TELEVISION CLIPS -- all to do with King's life and ti Bond touches the screen on a photo of...ELEKTRA.
53) 0) text: A Scot in a kilt plays the bagpipes -- badly.  He spins round, drops the pipe from his mouth, simultaneously fire bullets from one pipe and a jet of flame from another.  T target is a realistic dummy -- now a molten, bullet-ridde mess. We're in Q's laboratory.  He's walking Bond through.
53) 2) dialog: Oh pipe down, 007. (irritated, hands over a WATCH)
53) 3) text: Your 29th. Try not to lose this one. It has dual lasers and a miniature grappling hook with fifty feet of high-tensile micro-filament, able to support 800 pounds. In the background, we see a man in a sleek black jacket. man PULLS A STRING...the jacket becomes AN AIRBAG...it envelopes him, he gets impossibly tangled in it. Q ignores it, handing Bond a new pair of GLASSES.
53) 4) dialog: New refinement.  Sort of X-ray vision. For checking concealed weapons.
53) 6) dialog: Abuses in your case. You destroyed my hydro-boat in less than seven minutes, as no doubt will be the case with this... He presses a button and a section of ceiling lowers to re a BMW Z7. A MAN in a white coat is loading A MISSILE into one of th headlamps, then steps off the platform.  Q gestures to hi
53) 7) dialog: 007, my Deputy Assistant.  I'm grooming him to follow me.
53) 12) dialog: 'Fully loaded' I think is the term. "R" pats the fender, he's pretty damned fond of his machi
61) 0) text: Bond and Davidov step into a fully functioning office. Everything Elektra requires is here. Computer, phones, dr cabinet. She is in the middle of a group of workmen and secretaries, looking at plans, talking, pouring herself a of coffee.
65) 1) text: The jeep reaches a break in the pipe: a SURVEY CAMP, flag strings.  The SURVEY CREW cower behind a 4WD, local tribe are stoning them from a village carved into the rock.  A of SHOUTING. Before Bond can stop her, Elektra gets out, moves toward tribesmen.  The stoning ceases. They know who she is.  Sh begins to speak quietly -- in their own tongue.
79) 0) text: A beautiful expanse of smooth virgin snow.  All is quiet.
83) 0) text: Bond in evening dress in the sumptuous casino. He takes o the Q glasses, slips them on, surveys the room --
90) 0) text: Bond and Elektra emerge from the BMW.  Behind them, Gabor Davidov get out of her car. Bond watches as Davidov slams door and marches off, angry, toward the SECURITY QUARTERS the side of the house. Bond and Elektra walk to the front door, anticipation thi in the air.  Gabor opens the door. Elektra sweeps through
99) 0) text: Davidov's feet crunch in the dirt as he walks to the back opens the trunk. He removes the briefcase.  Then the duffle bag.  He looks down at the dead body,  head slumped forward, as before.. something is different, the clothes not quite right and t THE DEAD BODY MOVES, the head turns, Davidov gasps... It IS JAMES BOND.
105) 0) text: They turn the corner and see trucks marked IDA, several Kazakhstan army personal carriers, soldiers dotted around IDA (International Decommissioning Agency) scientists and personnel quietly going about their business.  A vast protective 'bubble' is inflated at the front of the build
110) 0) text: Ahead of Bond, like a deadly spider at the centre of a we NUCLEAR BOMB suspended over a pit. Blast openings range around to channel its fury to measur equipment. Bond is alone with the bomb. An eerie moment. Then, he co to notice a figure, across the expanse of the pit, on the opposite side of the catwalk, a man, with his back to him Russian Army fatigues.
110) 32) text: were you the one who allowed him down? Colonel Akakievich looks suitably stung.  But Renard is looking past him now, as with a quiet WHIRR, the BOMB rai into view on a trolley.  Renard's team is ready to move.
110) 35) text: You had me.  I knew you couldn't shoulder the responsibility... And Renard jams his hand onto Bond's shoulder, squeezing collar-bone hard...  Pain jolts through Bond, he drops to knees in agony. He shoves Bond down.  Bond's hand goes to shoulder, his mind now racing -- how did he know to hurt there? Renard's men start to maneuver the bomb toward the curvin passageway.  It's all too much for Colonel Akakievich:
114) 0) text: If Bond doesn't get through now, they're trapped forever. points his wrist watch toward the cat walk above and pres a button...THE TINY GRAPPLING HOOK shoots out, Q's super filament wire that can hold up to 800 pounds is attached...Bond uses the rope to RAPPEL UP THE SIDES OF T PIT and into
117) 0) text: Up ahead of Bond, the bomb disappears down the passageway can see it is attached to A PULLEY above, helping the men move quickly, Renard, pulling, the two men pushing Renard signals one of them to drop back to cut off Bond.. Machine-gun fire turns the wall next to Bond to dust -- B dives to a recess.  An overhead LIGHT SHATTERS.  His sect of the tunnel darkens.
122) 0) text: Bond rushes for the door -- but he's shocked as the man h shot lunges.  Clings to him. Bond hits him away, he LEAPS for the cart blocking his wa and SHOVES IT INTO THE IRIS DOOR just as it almost closes Bond squeezes through...
138) 0) text: It quickly picks up speed, its lights flooding the seemin endless pipe before them. Christmas looks behind, apprehensive.  Waiting for the li of the explosive rig. It's tense.  They travel along, expectant...
141) 0) text: The room is quiet, tense.  M and her two men, Elektra, Ga the King TECHNICIAN and three armed security guards at th doors. They are the only ones left.  Going down with the ship...if it goes.  M and Elektra watch the two lights no together on the console.  A tense silence.  Everyone's ed Elektra perhaps a little more than the rest.  She exchang glance with Gabor.
151) 0) text: Elektra opens a heavy door, she and Renard past through t A SMALL ROOM...a window set in the stone on one side.  Th other side is divided off by a WALL OF BARS, creating a c which now contains: M The cell is bare, except for a camp bed in the corner. M betrays no fear.  A quiet defiance burns in her.
174) 0) text: Eerily quiet.  The calm before the storm, except:
180) 0) text: Waiting at the newly excavated quay:  Renard and his men. The submarine's hatch opens.  A YOUTHFUL CAPTAIN EMERGES, vaguely resembling his uncle, Zukovsky.
185) 0) text: M works quickly.  She pops open the back of the clock and takes out the batteries.  She pries off the tops with a k and connects the wires to the LOCATOR CARD...
188) 0) text: Into the market below. Christmas, just coming into the square, sees the body falling...she runs to the thug, thinking it might be Bond But the thug raises up, smiling at her, blood on his teet She turns and runs...the thug gives chase...
193) 0) text: RUSSIAN TRAMP STEAMER taking on cargo.  Bond enters squar time to see the Boa making a Bee line for the Russian steamer. As the Boa, much the worse-for-ware, starts up the gangwa the top deck of the steamer, Bond hitches a ride on a car net that is being hoisted aboard by the ship's boom.
194) 0) text: Boa, breathing hard gets to the deck.  He lumbers across but before he can reach the other side he is tripped up b Bond who has been waiting for him by the side of the deck house.  The Boa goes sprawling.  As Bond comes for him he scrambles to his feet, grabs a nearby bailing hook, and swings at Bond.  But Bond is ready for him.  He wards off blow with a small wooden cover from a shipping crate.  He traps the Boa's arm and gives him two quick devastating k in the solar plexus.  He Boa stages back to the railing. final kick from Bond sends him over the side...
250) 0) text: Tanner and Q look at a SATELLITE THERMAL IMAGE OF ISTANBU
250) 4) dialog: This picks up body heat.  Humans should be orange. (searching)
250) 10) dialog: Could be a premature form of the Millennium Bug.