0) 0) text: An engraved brass plaque announcing the name of the "priv banking institute" within.
1) 0) text: JAMES BOND, dressed impeccably as ever, is being FRISKED three THUGS in Armani suits.  They remove A GUN from insi his jacket, a well-concealed knife, a metal case, laying on the desk that separates Bond and... LACHAISE...an extremely well-groomed gentleman. Behind hi three floor-to-ceiling windows lead out to a rooftop gard
1) 15) text: Your last chance. Take the money.
1) 21) text: Alright, alright! But you must protect me! And he freezes.  The handle of a THROWING KNIFE is sticki out of his neck.  Bond looks up, catches sight of the CIG GIRL as she vaults out the broken window and onto THE ROO Bond rushes to the window...
2) 0) text: She swings on a WIRE across to another roof, quickly disappearing into shadows. Bond can hear sirens approaching. He returns to... THE OFFICE...he grabs the money and moves fast for the do casually slipping that cigar into his pocket... Except Henchman #1 has recovered, blocks his way, gun in hand.  He starts to squeeze the trigger -- when a RED DOT appears on his chest...another window SHATTERS as a bulle zings through and pierces the henchman in the heart. Bond looks back once at the shattered window, then heads
3) 0) text: Bond appears on the top floor of the grand old building, the elevator.  Looks over the balcony, sees figures on th stairs.  Hears the elevator cage start from below. Thinking fast, he wrenches open the steel gate, leans int the lift shaft, watches the elevator COUNTERWEIGHT as it comes down.  Almost nonchalant, he steps out...
4) 0) text: As the cageful of police rises, Bond is now standing on t counterweight, DESCENDING.
5) 0) text: Lunchtime.  Faceless business crowds heading for their br moment of freedom, among them we spot BOND...one of them, with a briefcase and a suit and tie...HOLD on his face, troubled.
6) 0) text: The Cigar Girl enters a huge, high-ceilinged room. Edgy, approaches a BIG MAN standing on a balcony overlooking th city.  Propped against the doorframe, an assassin's RIFLE with LASER-SIGHT attached. BINOCULARS are on a tripod, trained on the rooftop below where we can see cops examin the shattered office windows. The man turns. Powerful, deadly, with a military haircut. There is a raised, red scar of an ENTRY WOUND at his temp It throbs and shifts with the slightest facial expression like an insect living just beneath his skin. One EYE seem slightly drooping, deadened. The other eye is sharp and b as anthracite.  It is a frightening face. This is RENARD.
7) 0) text: A SEAPLANE swoops over the Millennium Dome, banks along t snaking river.
8) 0) text: Tate Gallery in background, the seaplane moors beneath th vast stepped cake that is MI-6.  Bond exits with the suitcase.
9) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES with Bond as he enters this secret, hi-tech world.  He passes through countless security procedures, watched by an attentive staff. Bond scoops the money out of the suitcase.  Three million sterling in tightly bundled hundreds makes quite a sight. flicks his finger through the last wad, tosses it down wistfully.  A blue light scans it on three axis. The money is bundled into a clear plastic bag, put on a t and wheeled through a series of barred enclosures into th SECURE ROOM.  Bond hands the suitcase to a STAFF MEMBER.
10) 0) text: Bond appears, hiding something behind his back.  Moneypen brightens.
10) 4) text: I gave up a long time ago. (nods to M's door)
10) 5) text: She's in with Sir Robert.
11) 0) text: Bond enters.  SIR ROBERT KING is perched on the edge of M desk.  Two glasses, a bottle of scotch open.
12) 0) text: Moneypenny's eyes shoot to the intercom console:
12) 4) text: Security --
13) 0) text: Sir Robert King and an MI-6 AIDE walk toward SECURITY.
14) 0) text: Q and his men are working on a strange half-built BOAT suspended over a water tank.
15) 0) text: THE MONEY lies on the tray, wrapped in plastic. Sir Robert approaches, two rows of security bars between and the cash.  An official produces a bag and moves towar it:
16) 0) text: Bond shoots around the corner just in time to see Sir Rob disappearing past the THICK STEEL DOOR of the secure room
17) 0) text: The shout is muffled, Sir Robert's more interested in the money. He continues toward camera, that PIN on his lapel emits a serene HUM and we
18) 0) text: MAYHEM.  FIRE blasts out of the open doorway just as Bond reaches it.  The STEEL DOOR flies toward him.  He dives -
19) 0) text: The building rocks.  SMOKE is pouring from a HOLE that's appeared in a lower tier. A wall and a section of roof go
20) 0) text: A figure staggers out, shaken.  Catching his breath.  BON
21) 0) text: Determined, Bond races back into the wreckage...
22) 0) text: Bond races through the chaos that is MI-6 and into...
24) 0) text: Bond can see the Cigar Girl up ahead...he is closing the distance.  She catches sight of him in pursuit...
25) 0) text: She pushes the boat to its limit, it roars to a new level speed...the chase is on.
26) 0) text: Police speedboats, alerted by the commotion, trail Bond.
27) 0) text: The Cigar Girl stops her boat, moving to the back, mannin her large, rear-mountain MACHINE GUN and taking aim at Bond...
28) 0) text: Bond continues at full speed, fearless in the hail of bul ricocheting off the vessel. THE CIGAR GIRL Remains calm and cool, shooting with precision. BOND closes in... CIGAR GIRL'S eyes widen as...
29) 0) text: CIGAR GIRL gets up from the deck and sees BOND, turning h boat to close in for the kill... She scrambles to the helm and SPEEDS OFF, seeing ahead of her...
30) 0) text: She streaks toward the bridge, Bond lagging behind...
31) 0) text: Where the boat hydroplanes on masses of surface water and propels him into
32) 0) text: The hurtling boat causes mayhem and panic as he wrestles the controls, jetting off the street and straight toward.
33) 0) text: Bond's boat crashes right through it, sending diners LEAP in every direction. The Q boat SHOOTS OUT over the balcon and splashes down once more into...
34) 0) text: Cigar Girl is now clearly in his sights.  She is amazed t see that Bond has managed to overtake her. The racing boats dice through an armada of lazy, over-loa BARGES, nearly crashing into the much larger vessels. AT EVEN PACE NOW...Cigar Girl attempts to force her way p him, but Bond, punching buttons on the console of the Q-b releases a set of catapulting FLAME CANNISTERS which crea massive WALL OF FIRE ahead of them... CIGAR GIRL is forced toward the very edge of the river... jig is almost up, and then... HER P.O.V.  She spots the launching of a HOT AIR BALLOON the base of the massive MILLENNIUM DOME. She skids her vessel to a stop at a nearby pier and quick scrambles out of her boat.
35) 0) text: ...A crowd around a RICHARD BRANSON-like figure about to climb into his HOT AIR BALLOON. The Cigar Girl, brandishing her gun, forces her way throu the crowd and LEAPS INTO THE BALLOON CARRIAGE, just ready lift off.  She cranks open the gas nozzles and the balloo rises with surprising speed.
36) 0) text: Bond steers his craft toward a slipway adjacent to the pi and SHOOTS UP INTO THE AIR...
37) 0) text: An amazing sight...Bond's boat sailing through the air ju beneath the balloon.  With split second precision he reac up and GRABS ONE OF THE ROPES dangling down from the ball Bond finds himself being CARRIED THROUGH THE AIR as his b falls away from him, hitting the ground and ERUPTING into ball of flame.
38) 0) text: As Bond is carried higher and higher, the Cigar Girl begi FIRING AT HIM over the edge of the carriage. Bond, with ONE HAND, returns fire. CIGAR GIRL then leans over the edge of the carriage and begins to SLICE THE ROPE that Bond is hanging from. The fibers split and fray away from each other as... BOND FALLS, heading straight toward... THE MILLENNIUM DOME, which the balloon has drifted over. AS HE PLUMMETS DOWNWARD...Bond, never surrendering, still FIRES HIS WEAPON up at the balloon. A bullet hits the gas tank...
39) 0) text: The BALLOON EXPLODES IN A MASSIVE FIREBALL taking the Cig Girl with it...
40) 0) text: Bond lands with a spectacular thudding bounce, the roof o the Millennium Dome breaking his fall.
41) 0) text: He slides uncontrollably down the slope of the Dome as sc of burning balloon rain down all around, before he FALLS THE EDGE of the Dome and lands with a THUD ON...
42) 0) text: BAGPIPES.  A chapel atop a green slope overlooking the wa of Loch Lomond. A long line of mourners files out at the end of a memoria service.  They mill about on the lawn, among them,  M, gr faced, BILL TANNER, CHIEF OF STAFF and JAMES BOND, his ar a black sling. Bond, ever vigilant, scans the crowd... HIS P.O.V.  It's like a state funeral.  Rich and powerful people, government ministers, chief executives from aroun the world...and then... FAR OFF, on a DISTANT RISE, he sees a BIG MAN, not one of mourners but an isolated observer, standing alone, wearin sunglasses and a military haircut. The man seems to see Bond looking at him...
42) 13) text: I intend to finish it for him. A voice interrupts them, calling from the estate...
43) 0) text: M, Bond and Tanner in the rear of a limousine. The vehicl swoops through the epic countryside of the Scottish Highlands.
43) 2) text: I've known that girl all her life. I'm not sure she knows what she's walking into.
44) 0) text: The limousine swoops under the portcullis, into a courtya ADJUST ANGLE to reveal huge antennae and satellite dishes within.
45) 0) text: Bond walks through the corridors.  Just before he enters medical room, he removes his sling and casually drapes it a suit of armor.
46) 0) text: Bond sits on the couch, shirt off, awaits the results of medical. The very attractive DOCTOR GREATREX looks at her notes.
46) 11) text: Perhaps after this ... test?
47) 0) text: A huge chandelier dominates the vast stone room. SEVERAL AGENTS listen to the debriefing.  ROBINSON and M watch TA explain things; he holds a FIFTY POUND NOTE and KING'S LA PIN (now blackened, fused, melted to expose electronics beneath).
47) 2) text: on BOND as he enters the room.  He hangs back in the shad watches Tanner mime the pin moving to the note:
47) 9) text: Largest landlocked body of water on Earth.  Oil-rich.  Hitler wanted it. Stalin beat him to it.
47) 20) text: I'm waiting for the report on your medical. She leaves.  Bond is brooding.
48) 0) text: An ancient nook chock full of hi-tech equipment.  Bond concentrates on a screen displaying PHOTOGRAPHS, NEWSPAPE AND TELEVISION CLIPS -- all to do with King's life and ti Bond touches the screen on a photo of...ELEKTRA.
49) 0) text: One story dominates -- the KIDNAPPING OF ELEKTRA KING. A Polaroid of Elektra savagely beaten, ear bandaged, holdin newspaper: beneath the photo is scrawled "$5,000,000."
51) 0) text: Bond opens the door on M who stands alone by the window, looking out at the long shadows on the moors.
51) 13) text: Renard.
52) 0) text: A HUGE, TRANSPARENT 3-D IMAGE OF RENARD'S SKULL floats in centre of the room.  Other images of him on wall screens.
52) 2) text: I advised against paying the ransom. I knew it was Renard. I played it out as long as possible to get a fix on him.
52) 6) text: That bullet is still there. Bond moves toward the ghostly Renard. We now see THE BULL INSIDE HIS SKULL.
53) 0) text: A Scot in a kilt plays the bagpipes -- badly.  He spins round, drops the pipe from his mouth, simultaneously fire bullets from one pipe and a jet of flame from another.  T target is a realistic dummy -- now a molten, bullet-ridde mess. We're in Q's laboratory.  He's walking Bond through.
53) 3) text: Your 29th. Try not to lose this one. It has dual lasers and a miniature grappling hook with fifty feet of high-tensile micro-filament, able to support 800 pounds. In the background, we see a man in a sleek black jacket. man PULLS A STRING...the jacket becomes AN AIRBAG...it envelopes him, he gets impossibly tangled in it. Q ignores it, handing Bond a new pair of GLASSES.
53) 9) text: That would make you..."R"?
53) 10) dialog: Ahh, the rampant 007 wit.  I, of course, am laughing inside.  But I dare say you've met your match in this machine. (touring the car)
53) 11) text: The absolute latest in intercepts, surveillance and countermeasures. Titanium plating and armor, a multi- tasking heads-up display. Completely indestructible.  All in all, rather stocked.
53) 13) dialog: Do take good care of her.
54) 0) text: A hot day. CAMERA soars over tall trees. We can just make the sleek muscular car, beetle-black and far below, bounc over rough terrain.  Bond "taking care" of his new BMW Z7
55) 0) text: We join Bond at the wheel, driving hard, loving it, pushi up extreme inclines, smashing through overhanging limbs.
58) 0) text: Bond pulls up at the CONSTRUCTION SITE, teeming with ultr modern robotic construction machines and vehicles. He gets out, and is immediately surrounded by men with gu A man in a suit steps forward.  DAVIDOV is tall, blonde, a dangerous charm Bond instantly recognizes as ex-KGB. He turns Bond around, hands on the car.  Pats him down. Pulls out an ID, checks it:
58) 2) text: Bond. A government man. I'm afraid since you English got the boss killed we've been a little...jumpy. Bond stares ahead, watches a PRIVATE JET swoops past...
60) 2) text: I'd rather you didn't play with that. Davidov ignores him, looking the gun over.
60) 6) text: Sorry about all that, comrade. Old habits die hard. I am Head of Security. Davidov. Bond eyes him, but is distracted by a jet coming to a hal ahead of them. Stairs swing down and out steps ELEKTRA KING.  Beautiful, elegant.  So out of place in this world of men.  She surv the worksite. Impressed, Bond takes his ID back from Davidov.
61) 0) text: Bond and Davidov step into a fully functioning office. Everything Elektra requires is here. Computer, phones, dr cabinet. She is in the middle of a group of workmen and secretaries, looking at plans, talking, pouring herself a of coffee.
61) 2) text: ...they should have been in place two days ago. That is the target my father set.
61) 14) text: I loved him.  I'm not sure he knew that.
62) 3) text: That's why you're here, isn't it? You think I can't do it. You think I'm going to screw up. Or get myself killed.
63) 0) text: Elektra drives the all-terrain jeep with casual assurance Bond is beside her, cold-weather gear in the back.  They' following a huge pipeline, passing a blighted petrified forest of twisted iron:  derelict oil derricks. Elektra gestures at the oil fields they're now leaving behind.  Receding into the distance, a DELTA OF ROADWAYS perched on rusting stilts juts out into the sea.
63) 2) text: Some say oil is in my family's blood.  I say our blood is in the oil. This is the very heart of the planet.  Up here in the hills was Eden, literally.  Look what the Russians did to it.  Now we have a second chance and this time we'll do it right. When the other wells have all dried up, she'll still be pumping her lifeblood to the world.  And this (proudly, of pipeline)
63) 3) text: Will be one of the main arteries...
64) 0) text: Davidov and Gabor, in the helicopter, watch the jeep belo
65) 1) text: The jeep reaches a break in the pipe: a SURVEY CAMP, flag strings.  The SURVEY CREW cower behind a 4WD, local tribe are stoning them from a village carved into the rock.  A of SHOUTING. Before Bond can stop her, Elektra gets out, moves toward tribesmen.  The stoning ceases. They know who she is.  Sh begins to speak quietly -- in their own tongue.
66) 0) text: A stunning pre-Byzantine chapel hewn from the rock.  Flam illuminate beautiful mosaics and paintings on the cavern wall.  A COPTIC PRIEST proudly shows Elektra about, jabbe in his mother tongue.  She answers in his language. Bond watches her, impressed.
68) 0) text: Bond is edgy.  Someone is out there.  He's sure of it.  H sees Davidov and Gabor scanning the area as well.  Elektr speaks to the foreman.
68) 13) text: You wanted to see it. She steps into her skis, opens the door.  Wind rushes in.
69) 0) text: Without a moment's hesitation, Elektra leaps out of the chopper and falls fifteen feet, landing on the move.
70) 0) text: Below him on the mountain, she is already a way ahead.  H skiing is fearless.  Bond likes a challenge... They wind down the slope, competitive, testing one anothe enjoying it.
71) 0) text: After an exhilarating run, she stops on the edge of a hug drop.  Bond joins her.  They look down at the snowy valle below.  A line of survey FLAGS visible through the middle
72) 0) text: They see FOUR OBJECTS falling out the back of the aircraf As the objects plummet silently toward the earth, they PO PARACHUTES, their fall slows and then, as Bond and Elektr watch in disbelief... GUNFIRE echoes out from the black shapes, now visible as PARASKIS, low-flying, sleek, deadly snow vehicles.
73) 0) text: Bond turns to Elektra, he has to yell over the sound of t approaching machines.
74) 0) text: He makes it to the woods, finding cover in the trees, whipping in and out of sight as PARASKI #1 tries to follo sinking lower and lower until... HIS SKIDS catch on some over hanging branches...the Paras is CATAPULTED into a tree and EXPLODES...
75) 0) text: Coming in to pick up the pursuit of Bond is Paraski #2, firing down at Bond, dropping bombs which explode just be him in the snow.  The other two paraskis LAND and eject t chutes, now RACING THROUGH THE WOODS on the ground. Bond looks behind him, sees them gaining...he zigzags thr the trees and suckers Paraski #3 to glance off one tree, another and wipe out behind. But the remaining predator on the ground, Paraski #4, is gaining on him...Bond bursts out of the trees and finds himself heading toward... THE EDGE OF A PRECIPICE... He cranks himself right, narrowly avoiding a tumble over edge.  Paraski #4 isn't so lucky and SAILS OFF THE CLIFF hundred and fifty foot drop.
75) 2) text: Should have stuck to snowboarding. But the smile is wiped off his face as...AN EMERGENCY PARACHUTE deploys from the back... The Paraski does a climbing turn and heads straight back him... Bond skis for his life, away from Paraski #4 when PARASKI appears in front of him...guns blazing... One ahead and one behind, Bond turns back...he has nowher go but...
76) 0) text: They try to outrun it -- riding the sliding hill -- but t haven't a hope... the rest of the snow is catching them, they're going to get swallowed.
77) 0) text: The ground shudders, the THUNDER CLOSING...  Their ankles soon covered, Elektra falls.  Bond stops, pulls her up. They're about to die.  He pulls her to him.
78) 0) text: Darkness.  The RUMBLING CEASES... Light emanates from Bond's watch.  In the shadows he pull knife, punctures the air bag. It deflates, leaving them cocooned in an icy tomb.  Elektra looks around, staring, unbelieving.
78) 9) text: You're alright. Everything will be alright.  Trust me. Finally, arrested by the strength in his eyes, she calms.
79) 0) text: A beautiful expanse of smooth virgin snow.  All is quiet.
79) 1) text: Bond's fist PUNCHES through the white.  He pulls the snow away, climbs out.  Leans in, lifts Elektra out. Bond and Elektra stand, lone figures in the perfect white They hear a sound...HELICOPTER ROTORS.  Rescue on its way
80) 0) text: An establishing shot of Bond's BMW parked outside the orn villa on the shore of the golden Caspian.
81) 0) text: Palatial.  Hallway dominated by a LARGE PAINTING of a bea man in traditional Turkish garb, sitting proudly on a hor Davidov, Gabor, waiting, pacing. Bond is sits in a chair, ON EDGE, writing something over over on a small pad of paper...THE CYRILLIC LETTERS on th parachute fragment. A DOCTOR comes down the grand staircase. The men stand.
82) 0) text: Bond enters. Elektra is standing by the window watching t golden ball of the sun sink into the sea. She wears nothi but a silk embroidered robe; the sun shows through it, outlining her naked body in soft, shadowy curves.
82) 8) text: There's no point in living if you can't...feel alive. She looks out at the fading sun.
83) 0) text: Bond in evening dress in the sumptuous casino. He takes o the Q glasses, slips them on, surveys the room --
83) 1) text: He can see all the WEAPONS carried by the players.  All s of pistol, even the odd grenade.  The obvious side-effect this view -- he can see through clothes. His eyes alight on two girls walking away from him.  One them turns to look back, unaware that she is on display. returns Bond's smile.  Her friend turns to look.  Bond's smile grows:  she has a small pistol concealed over one breast.
84) 0) text: He looks over the lenses -- and spies someone on the frin His old adversary, ex-KGB, VALENTIN ZUKOVSKY, talking to suspicious types. Zukovsky looks across. Bond walks towar him.
84) 6) text: Mafia warlords, Diplomats and spies, consortiums from every country in the world.  A nice little rat's nest.
84) 8) text: Have some of the rat's nest caviar.  From my own fishery.  They buy my caviar, drink my champagne, lose to my House. He turns to a suspicious-looking Heavy.
84) 33) text: Someone wants to kill me, I'd rather die looking him straight in the eye. (lightly)
84) 34) text: What are you doing here?  Looking for a woman a little more your type? How about that one? She points to a SHOW GIRL in a feather headdress and past
85) 0) text: Elektra with black king showing. A seven beneath.
86) 0) text: The HENCHMAN holds Davidov against the wall with his huge fist around his neck.  Near his head, the live flame of a SCONCE hisses, burning blue and yellow, drawing their fue from the glass basin of hot oil attached beneath it. The HOOKER, obviously one of Renard's gang, has finished donning her khaki pants and combat boots and straps a gun onto her shoulder. Renard looks distastefully at the room.
87) 0) text: Another deal. ZUKOVSKY and others watch, as Elektra stake even more.  People move closer for a view.  The Dealer sh a five. Elektra shows Bond her cards. Elektra is holding two eights. Dealer's up-card is a six.
87) 6) text: Hit me. The Dealer scoops a card from the shoe.  Tension.  Everyo holds their breath...as he turns over...  -- a six.  Bust The audience inhale as one AS THE DEALER TAKES ALL HER CH AWAY. Elektra stands.  She has dignity in defeat. She turns to Bond, holding out a hand.
88) 0) text: Bond, Elektra, Gabor outside, Davidov soon joining them, trying to look like he hasn't been through hell.  Bond notices the burn on his head. Davidov touches it self- consciously.
89) 0) text: RENARD and his henchmen, watching. Renard seems mesmerize the sight of Bond's HAND on the small of Elektra's back, their easy sensuality as they both get into the car.
89) 3) text: I will take care of Mister Bond.
90) 0) text: Bond and Elektra emerge from the BMW.  Behind them, Gabor Davidov get out of her car. Bond watches as Davidov slams door and marches off, angry, toward the SECURITY QUARTERS the side of the house. Bond and Elektra walk to the front door, anticipation thi in the air.  Gabor opens the door. Elektra sweeps through
91) 0) text: Bond pauses just inside the open doorway. HIS P.O.V.  Two figures in the cavernous entrance hall, Elektra having a brief word with Gabor, before he turns a exits, leaving only... ELEKTRA AND BOND. She starts upstairs, Bond's eyes locked on her body, and then: SHE LOOKS BACK...just once.  But it says everything. She continues upward. Bond taps the front door closed with his foot.
92) 0) text: Half-light.  They're entwined between the sheets.  This i something slow, languorous, not to be rushed.  We can't m out the mechanics, but they're beaded with sweat. Her fingers trace the contours of his torso.  Linger on h bruised collar-bone.
93) 0) text: A puddle of water where the ice fell. Post-sex on the bed. He traces a hand down her naked back The sweat glistens off the curve of her spine.  She turns The light glints off her jewelled earlobe...he touches it
93) 5) text: I've never told anyone that. They are looking at each other, both suddenly feeling something dangerously close to real connection.  It is no what Bond expected.
94) 0) text: The lights of a car pulling up at the security office by perimeter wall of the property.
95) 0) text: Bond's car, several of Elektra's vehicles, all parked aro the security office.  They have been joined by: A WHITE ECONOMY CAR, a Russian make, with a familiar SEAL painted on the door...we've seen it before, the seal on t of the stolen report at the beginning...Miratom. Out of the driver's seat steps...DAVIDOV.  He carries a briefcase from the car to the front door of the security office. He looks around furtively before he disappears inside. The parking area is dark and silent and then: JAMES BOND sits up in the driver's seat of his BMW.
96) 0) text: Bond sticks his key in the ignition and activates the car various systems. HIS P.O.V.  Davidov is a shadow in the office window. Bond flicks a switch.  A NEEDLE-THIN BEAM is directed fro the BMW to the window of the office.  He can HEAR a synth of Davidov's voice...
97) 0) text: The Russian car drives onto the grounds of a small, deser AIRPORT consisting of one outbuilding and a crudely clear airstrip.
98) 0) text: Davidov pulls off the road and parks his car in a wooded area.
99) 0) text: Davidov's feet crunch in the dirt as he walks to the back opens the trunk. He removes the briefcase.  Then the duffle bag.  He looks down at the dead body,  head slumped forward, as before.. something is different, the clothes not quite right and t THE DEAD BODY MOVES, the head turns, Davidov gasps... It IS JAMES BOND.
100) 0) text: A door opens on the sinister-looking plane.  A hydraulic unit folds out of it.  A BIG SOLDIER with a machine gun w in the doorway. BOND, standing at the edge of the runway, clips on his ba and picks up the briefcase.  He has NO IDEA what he's wal into.
101) 0) text: Four soldiers. The first guy and a moustachioed PILOT and young men, a nasty-looking private, cadaverously thin, an big, thick-necked tough. They all look at Bond, expectantly, waiting for him to sa do...what? He decides to take the lead. He opens the briefcase and hands over the STACKS OF MONEY. The Pilot passes it out. But that isn't the end. They sti stare at him.  The Pilot says something IN RUSSIAN that sounds like..."where's the rest?" Bond swallows.  Thinks, without showing it.  He decides t OPEN THE DUFFLE BAG.  He looks inside. Pauses, then reach in and takes out...A BOX OF NIKE SHOES. The thin soldier smiles. That's the ticket. Bond hands ou shoes to the rest of the guys.
102) 0) text: A red dawn.  Dominating the landscape, a valley of weirdl shaped rocks. To one side, an airstrip.  The plane approaching.
103) 0) text: The three soldiers wear their new shoes and smoke and cha amongst themselves. Bond sits in the rear of the plane, which is dominated by heavily buffered receptacles, clearly awaiting some deadl cargo. There is Russian writing everywhere, and one symbo clearly recognizes:  DANGER - RADIOACTIVE. Bond looks out of the window.  Beneath a huge MESA, a hud of low buildings. They come to a stop near the end of the runway.  A SMALL is driving out to them. One of the soldiers throws something to Bond. An ORANGE JUMPSUIT that says Miratom on the breast.  He catches it.
104) 0) text: Bond, in the orange overalls and wearing his ID tag, is driving with a Russian soldier through the weird rock val
105) 0) text: They turn the corner and see trucks marked IDA, several Kazakhstan army personal carriers, soldiers dotted around IDA (International Decommissioning Agency) scientists and personnel quietly going about their business.  A vast protective 'bubble' is inflated at the front of the build
106) 1) text: The sound of breathing LOUD, we're looking from inside th visor of a protective suit.  It's hard to tell what's goi on, but our hands are removing a sphere of cobalt blue plutonium from inside a corroding WARHEAD...
107) 0) text: An officer eyes Bond's pass.
107) 2) text: You are late. The transport documents? Bond shows him the case.  Akakievich examines the documen
107) 4) text: They are waiting for you below.  It should be ready. Check with the IDA physicist. He points toward the "bubble." Inside the transparent bubble, a protective-suited FIGURE finishes placing a blue PLUTONIUM CORE into a box. As Bond and the Colonel walks toward the bubble, the FIGU steps out, still enveloped in the white protective suit. Moving fast, off comes the helmet to reveal a BEAUTIFUL AMERICAN GIRL.  CHRISTMAS JONES is mid-twenties, shortish hair, hot right now.  In one movement she unzips and step out of the suit, revealing a khaki sports bra, cut-off shorts, heavy duty boots.  A nasty-looking hunting knife strapped around her hips.  She has a deep tan and an incredible figure. She grabs a bottle of water, guzzles. Bond tosses an arched brow to Akakievich, who nods bitter also unable to take his eyes off her.  He spits on the fl and speaks in ENGLISH, so Christmas can hear.
107) 8) text: Yes. Viktor Davidov, Miss...?
107) 17) text: Where is this stockpile going? Bond turns, answers IN PERFECT RUSSIAN.
107) 19) text: To the nuclear facility at Penza 19. She nods. Watches him disappear into the building.
109) 0) text: The elevator creaks to a halt.  He slides the elevator do OPEN revealing... TWO SOLDIERS waiting for the elevator. Bond shows them hi ID.
109) 2) text: See the corporal, at the end of the chamber. The soldiers get into the elevator and disappear, leaving Bond completely ALONE. Dead silence in the shadows.  Bond's in his element, that alert glint in his eye as he takes in his surroundings. HIS P.O.V.  A long, dark corridor...leading off to a more open circle in the distance, lights and an ominous hummin there. Bond starts down the passageway.
110) 0) text: Ahead of Bond, like a deadly spider at the centre of a we NUCLEAR BOMB suspended over a pit. Blast openings range around to channel its fury to measur equipment. Bond is alone with the bomb. An eerie moment. Then, he co to notice a figure, across the expanse of the pit, on the opposite side of the catwalk, a man, with his back to him Russian Army fatigues.
110) 13) text: She's beautiful isn't she? You should have seen her before. Flawless, and still so innocent, not such a whore in bed... Bond's eyes flare in fury.  He shoves Renard into the wal and presses the gun to his temple.
110) 23) text: Drop your gun.
110) 26) text: There's no Davidov at Miratom.
110) 29) text: I said drop it. And he means business.  Bond delays ... but has no choice He pulls the clip from his gun, tosses it down.
110) 32) text: were you the one who allowed him down? Colonel Akakievich looks suitably stung.  But Renard is looking past him now, as with a quiet WHIRR, the BOMB rai into view on a trolley.  Renard's team is ready to move.
110) 34) text: Take him away, I don't want him around as we move the bomb. (whispered, to Bond)
110) 35) text: You had me.  I knew you couldn't shoulder the responsibility... And Renard jams his hand onto Bond's shoulder, squeezing collar-bone hard...  Pain jolts through Bond, he drops to knees in agony. He shoves Bond down.  Bond's hand goes to shoulder, his mind now racing -- how did he know to hurt there? Renard's men start to maneuver the bomb toward the curvin passageway.  It's all too much for Colonel Akakievich:
111) 0) text: Camera shows the INSIDE of the container's lid; the man releases a false lining to reveal several MACHINE GUNS...
112) 2) text: Very well, Colonel. We will all go up. One of Colonel Akakievich's men gestures with his gun tha Bond should get up.  Knowing it's now or never, Bond PUSH him away, yanks a PISTOL from his holster, GRABS Christma LEAPS down into the bomb PIT just as RENARD'S MEN open fire...  Akakievich dies straight away. do two of his men.  The gunfire RICOCHETS around the cham and ceases. Renard hangs back.  His radio crackles a message:
113) 0) text: Bond and Christmas know they are being sealed in.
114) 0) text: If Bond doesn't get through now, they're trapped forever. points his wrist watch toward the cat walk above and pres a button...THE TINY GRAPPLING HOOK shoots out, Q's super filament wire that can hold up to 800 pounds is attached...Bond uses the rope to RAPPEL UP THE SIDES OF T PIT and into
115) 0) text: Where he LEAPS ON TOP OF Renard's last man.  They fall THROUGH THE IRIS, it SHUTS behind them.  The man swings h machine gun at Bond -- it hits the wall next to him, brea apart.  Bond grabs a broken section and kills him with on strike. He pauses at his dead body and reaches into his jacket, retrieving...THE CARD-LIKE DEVICE.
116) 0) text: Christmas looks around, desperate to help.  Using Bond's wire, she climbs up to the CLOSED IRIS DOOR.  She pries o a panel next to it and reveals complex WIRING...
117) 0) text: Up ahead of Bond, the bomb disappears down the passageway can see it is attached to A PULLEY above, helping the men move quickly, Renard, pulling, the two men pushing Renard signals one of them to drop back to cut off Bond.. Machine-gun fire turns the wall next to Bond to dust -- B dives to a recess.  An overhead LIGHT SHATTERS.  His sect of the tunnel darkens.
118) 0) text: Bond looks up at the broken LIGHT.  Takes careful aim at next one along.  BLAM.  It disintegrates.  Again...
119) 0) text: The other guy answers with another spray of bullets.  Wat uneasily as Bond takes out light after light.  A funnel o darkness coming to swallow him -- concealing Bond's appro Nervous, he fires, muzzle flash and sparks illuminating t void.  To keep it lit, he keeps firing...
120) 0) text: WITH BOND as the bullets cease with a loud CLICK...  What Bond was waiting for.  He moves.  The gunman frozen in th light, grappling to fit another clip -- BLAM!  He goes down.  Bond not wasting bullets.
121) 0) text: Renard is loading the bomb it into the ELEVATOR. He flick switch on the panel by the elevator.  The IRIS starts clo on Bond...
122) 0) text: Bond rushes for the door -- but he's shocked as the man h shot lunges.  Clings to him. Bond hits him away, he LEAPS for the cart blocking his wa and SHOVES IT INTO THE IRIS DOOR just as it almost closes Bond squeezes through...
123) 0) text: Renard is getting in the ELEVATOR.  Sees Bond made it, fi Bond rolls into a corner.
124) 0) text: Christmas cuts some wires together and with a hum, her IR DOOR OPENS...
126) 0) text: Bond is trapped.  He looks up... THE PULLEY HOOK HANGS DOWN... He jumps up, grabbing it, just as...
127) 0) text: Fire shoots up. Bond lunges to cover Christmas. As the sm clears:
128) 0) text: Christmas and Bond climb out of the duct.  Through a clou dust he can see people running about, panicked.  There's some shooting -- fresh corpses litter the ground. Bond looks past them to a plane coming this way.  The pla It roars past, level with them.  He follows it with his e helpless as it gets smaller and smaller...
129) 0) text: Busy.  Analysts huddle over monitors showing satellite images, trying to track the plane.
130) 0) text: Elektra's villa against blue-black storm clouds, the Casp choppy, wind blowing.
131) 0) text: Elektra works in her father's STUDY, illuminated by a hal light from a single desk lamp. Pictures of her grandfathe and father stare down at her from the walls. The wind BLO WINDOW open. She gets up, crosses the room, shutting the window.  She stands there, listening to the silence and then... SHE HEARS A THUD. A strange, unsettling thud. She listens, a long time, to the silence.
132) 0) text: A big room lined with books. Three french doors lead out balcony.  She walks a few paces in... THE DOOR SHUTS BEHIND HER, she whirls... GABOR, propped up behind the door, stares, wide-eyed, bef he FALLS TO THE FLOOR. Elektra gasps, she turns again... A DARK FIGURE LOOMS, a shadow against the windows.  He mo forward, his face becoming visible...IT'S BOND.
132) 18) text: Five men are dead at the pipeline. He moves toward her.
133) 0) text: The MI-6 chopper lands.  We can see M through the window. Face set hard.
134) 0) text: SCIENTIFIC, MILITARY and TURKISH POLICE VEHICLES parked around a medium-sized industrial plant. Bond accompanies M and Tanner toward a clutch of offices. All around, SOLDIERS, IDA personnel, POLICE scour the are
134) 2) text: Glad to see you've turned up. He is moving fast, talking fast -- a sense of urgency.
135) 0) text: FIVE BODY BAGS are being carried out by soldiers.  M surv the scene; in an unlit corridor CHRISTMAS JONES and sever men sweep the area with CLICKING Geiger counters. ELEKTRA is a distance away, listening to a Turkish police explain what's happening.  She nods acknowledgement to M. Tanner senses that Bond wants to talk to M alone:
135) 13) text: Stop it. The Technician flicks two switches.  The light continues flash.  Confused, he tries others.  No change.
135) 20) text: Have the terminal evacuated. The man gets on the phone...
135) 26) text: It'll reach the other end in seventy- eight minutes. (to Tech)
135) 27) text: Any more of these rigs? The Technician checks his records, looks up, nods.
136) 0) text: The MI-6 helicopter swoops along the pipeline... Tanner is beside the pilot.  Bond and Christmas in the ba They look at one another, the danger ahead melting the fr between them.
137) 0) text: Bond and Christmas climb through an access hatch down ont the electric RIG.  Its lights blaze fifty yards into the tunnel.  Then darkness. Christmas takes the driver's spot, Bond the rear, nearest the approaching BOMB.  Tanner leans in:
137) 2) text: Good luck. Bonds nods, checks his watch.  Christmas looks nervously the pipe.
138) 0) text: It quickly picks up speed, its lights flooding the seemin endless pipe before them. Christmas looks behind, apprehensive.  Waiting for the li of the explosive rig. It's tense.  They travel along, expectant...
139) 0) text: Elektra, M, and others. The room is crowded with concerne personnel.  M watches the two blips on the schematic gett closer together. One of her MEN approaches, a radio in hi ear.
140) 0) text: Bond and Christmas waiting expectantly.  Tense silence. Finally, a WHOOSHING NOISE, GETTING LOUDER.  Lights appea behind, reflecting on a bend, then... here it comes, the tearing through the pipe. Bond looks over his shoulder at Christmas' speedometer...she's only at fifty...
141) 0) text: The room is quiet, tense.  M and her two men, Elektra, Ga the King TECHNICIAN and three armed security guards at th doors. They are the only ones left.  Going down with the ship...if it goes.  M and Elektra watch the two lights no together on the console.  A tense silence.  Everyone's ed Elektra perhaps a little more than the rest.  She exchang glance with Gabor.
142) 0) text: CLOSE INSIDE THE BOMB:  the timer.  1:45 MINUTES. Bond's face betrays the difficulty of what they're attempting.  The digital clock ticks down... 1:30, 1:29..
143) 0) text: The rigs speed through the tunnel. Nothing to see.  But WHOOSH!  As the rigs hurtle past...
144) 0) text: The pipe suddenly dips.  They cling on as the machine buc like a rollercoaster.  Back on a straight... Her brow furrows.
144) 4) text: It's a bomb alright. We're still dead if the trigger charge goes off... Bond's mind races in the ghostly light of the tunnel. He stares at the timer:  0:44, 0:43...  Makes a decision.
145) 0) text: The rig zooms past the exit hatch -- Bond leaps off, taki her with him.  They tumble along the pipe.  Agile, Bond springs to his feet, pulls her up.  They run like hell fo the hatch, into the darkness...
146) 0) text: The pipeline.  A long beat, then... KABOOM!!  A section of the pipe explodes, debris rocketin every direction. As the smoke clears we see a fifty yard section of pipe h been destroyed.
147) 0) text: On the consoles, red concentric circles pulse outward fro the point of impact, emitting one, monotone BEEP.... The watchers are frozen, stunned, shocked. Gabor, a radio earpiece in his ear, reports information.
147) 7) text: I have a gift for you.  Something that belonged to my father. He would have wanted you to have it. M feels uneasy.
147) 14) text: Take her to the chopper.
148) 0) text: From on high we follow the snaking pipeline ... until it disappears in a VAST, SMOULDERING BOMB CRATER.  Beyond, t pipeline continues unperturbed. Two TINY FIGURES on the banks of the crater.
148) 11) text: What would she want with weapons grade plutonium?
148) 14) text: To make a bigger, better bomb. They're both chilled by the thought.
149) 0) text: A boat puts in at an ancient tower in the middle of a vas body of water (in fact, the Bosphorus). Renard disembarks with several of his retinue, heavily la with bags and cases.  They enter the tower...
150) 0) text: A fantastic space:  stained glass windows cast myriad patterns over elaborate tile and marble surfaces.  Pillar iron lattices, velvet drapes and flowers embroider the hu room. As they enter, Elektra swoops across the floor and into Renard's arms.  He holds her.  She pushes him away.
150) 6) text: Is it? She's sensitive to his buried frustration:
151) 0) text: Elektra opens a heavy door, she and Renard past through t A SMALL ROOM...a window set in the stone on one side.  Th other side is divided off by a WALL OF BARS, creating a c which now contains: M The cell is bare, except for a camp bed in the corner. M betrays no fear.  A quiet defiance burns in her.
152) 0) text: Valentin Zukovsky in the back of his chauffeured Rolls Royce...  We PULL BACK, to take in an amazing sight:  the is on a network of raised walkways and platforms that ext as far as the eye can see.  A decaying legacy of the Sovi years.
153) 0) text: Zukovsky limps purposefully away from his Rolls along a walkway leading to a Beluga fishery built over the water.
154) 0) text: Nailed on the battered old door, the lid of a caviar jar, label illustrated with a LINE DRAWING OF ZUKOVSKY. Zukovs opens the door and finds himself... Staring straight down Bond's pistol.  Bond and Christmas silhouetted by the gold dusk light.  At their feet lies o of Zukovsky's workers.
155) 0) text: -- wood suddenly splinters everywhere -- the wall and roo tear open behind them - GIANT VERTICALLY-SUSPENDED SAWS R THROUGH, just missing them.
156) 0) text: Bond BURSTS OUT OF THE BUILDING...Zukovsky and his guards even the chauffeur are firing at the chopper...
157) 0) text: Bond makes for his BMW, running down a flight of steps, o a lower walkway when...THE SECTION AHEAD OF HIM EXPLODES...the second chopper above hitting its mark with thrown grenade.  Bond is trapped by the fire and smoke, t only way out is ALONG THE PIPELINES...he runs along a nar section of pipe and then JUMPS DOWN to another walkway. PIPES are now above him...the chopper's relentless saws C THROUGH THE PIPE...GAS JETS OUT...Bond HURLS HIMSELF up a stairway.
158) 0) text: Zukovsky and Christmas watch in horror as Chopper One bla away more roof above them.
159) 0) text: Bond takes something out of his pocket, a remote control device...he presses some buttons...HIS CAR COMES TO LIFE...lights on, it drives toward him. He rushes to meet it. Chopper Two follows behind Bond, slicing up the walkway just behind him.  Bond gets to the and JUMPS IN as the chopper veers away.
160) 0) text: Bond activates his missile device as he watches Chopper T pass behind the factory.  Suddenly there's a huge roar be him as the blades from Chopper One RIP THROUGH THE ROOF, SLICING HIS CAR IN HALF. But Bond is undeterred.  He sets off the missile toward t disappearing Chopper One.
161) 0) text: A DIRECT HIT. Chopper One explodes and falls onto the wal setting the scene ablaze.
162) 0) text: Zukovsky and Christmas see the explosion, then see Choppe Two dropped FOUR ARMED MEN onto a nearby walkway.  The me make their way toward the factory, firing at the guards. Zukovsky and Christmas are forced inside.
163) 0) text: The gunfight continues as the armed men take out Zukovsky guards. Then, two of the assailants follow ZUKOVSKY and CHRISTMAS into...
164) 0) text: The chauffeur is shot and killed.  The gunmen then turn t attention to Zukovsky and Christmas, when suddenly BOND APPEARS through a trap door in the floor boards. Bond shoots one of the gunmen, then fires on the other... Zukovsky grabs Christmas and they make their escape  Bond sees a third gunman firing from the basement and takes hi out.
165) 0) text: Zukovsky and Christmas make a dash for Zukovsky's Rolls. They dive in...Zukovsky rams the car into reverse...behin him, A CHOPPER SLICES the walkway to smithereens...Zukovs can't stop it as the car leaps backward and into THE WATE BELOW....
166) 0) text: Bond finishes off the remaining two armed men in a furiou gunfight and exits.
167) 0) text: Bond sees Zukovsky and Christmas swimming to safety.  The chopper bears down on him.  He leaps back to what's left the building, picks up a flare gun.  He jumps down to a walkway at water level and cranks open a rusted GAS JET.. then waits for the Chopper to line up over it as it approaches Bond for the kill.... Bond fires the flare gun...
168) 0) text: Zukovsky dives away -- into a CAVIAR PIT.  The saws embed the cabin behind him. The caviar pit is like sinking sand, deep -- he's going under.  Flounders, trying to cling to a crate blown in th by the explosion.  Then he looks in horror:
169) 1) text: Bond appearing at the edge of the caviar pit, dragging himself up, soaking wet.  He's holding another harpoon gu Points it directly at Zukovsky.  This time he really mean business.
170) 0) text: Zukovsky, on the point of being swallowed by the caviar, clawing at the crate.  Bond, steely eyed, cold:
170) 4) text: She thought I was dead -- those blades were meant for you.  What do you know that she would kill you for? Zukovsky is sinking.
170) 8) text: You're in this thing up to your neck. Zukovsky sinks alarmingly -- he talks rapidly, staccato:
170) 20) text: Bond! Bond fires.  Zukovsky YELLS as the HARPOON SHOOTS TOWARD It takes him a moment to realize he hasn't been hit -- th harpoon splintering the crate, just missing him.  He clin to the crate, exhausted, as Bond and Christmas drag him t safety.
171) 0) text: A SUPERTANKER churns along...
171) 1) text: The CAMERA SINKS BENEATH THE WAVES, steals through the gl - eventually comes upon something sitting just beneath th belly of the tanker.  The silhouette of a SUBMARINE, hugg the tanker's shadow, creeping undetected into the Bosphorus...
172) 0) text: M paces her cell.  Looks out, at the clock: It is MIDNIGHT.  Twelve hours to go. She crosses her arms.  Returns to pacing.  Puts her hands her coat pockets: She feels something.  Takes it out. THE LOCATOR CARD.  Black and shiny, with two copper termi on one end. M taps it on her hand. She looks back out.  TO THE CLOCK.
173) 0) text: Renard and Elektra.  She is on the bed, Renard stroking h worshipping her skin.
173) 5) text: Of course... Renard gets up.  Paces the floor.
173) 14) text: Remember ... pleasure?
174) 0) text: Eerily quiet.  The calm before the storm, except:
175) 0) text: M is at the door of her cell.  Her arm is stretched out through the bars.  She is using her high-heeled shoe to t to HOOK the leg of the stool and drag it toward her.  She only jut tap the leg with the tip of the heel.  She swipe out at the little three-legged stool, tapping it, tapping it... It scoots toward her a little...she taps it again, gets h shoe HOOKED on the leg of the stool and starts to drag it when... The rickety stool hits a bump on the ancient stone floor SPILLS OVER...the clock HITS THE GROUND and SKIDS across stones, coming to rest ACROSS THE ROOM, on the floor near window. M leans against the bars. SHE HEARS HER THE OUTER DOOR CLANKING OPEN... She hurries to her cot and lies down. GABOR ENTERS...a burly shadow in the light from the hall. walks in.  Looks at M.  Picks up the clock and sets it ON WINDOW SILL. He leaves, shutting the door behind him. M sits up. Looks out to the clock, glowing in the dark. IT READS TWO A.M. She drops her head back on the wall.  She will not sleep tonight.
176) 0) text: ESTABLISH the vast city astride the Bosphorus.
177) 0) text: The sun starting to rise.  Street vendors are the only pe about, moving their carts into place, getting ready to pl out their wares.  We hold on a BUILDING.
178) 0) text: A multi-levelled, rickety old building full of colourful fabrics drying high overhead; the light shafts through th casting pools of different coloured light. It is a working factory, bolts of fabric and vats of dye, it is also:
178) 14) text: He's not loading any cargo. They want the sub. The sub itself. Put weapons grade plutonium inside the sub's reactor: Instant, catastrophic meltdown.
178) 20) text: Because an explosion like that would kill all the other pipelines. There would be only one way to get the oil out of the Caspian and pump it to the world...
179) 0) text: The ancient arched underbelly of a waterside building. Something is disturbing a large expanse of water.  A blac shadow looms beneath the waves.  A SUBMARINE SURFACES.
180) 0) text: Waiting at the newly excavated quay:  Renard and his men. The submarine's hatch opens.  A YOUTHFUL CAPTAIN EMERGES, vaguely resembling his uncle, Zukovsky.
181) 0) text: Bond and Christmas and Zukovsky watch as the radio operat scan the airwaves.
182) 0) text: Eerie, dark, the lights inside green and sickly.
182) 1) text: A half-eaten sandwich. An empty glass of brandy on the fl just near the hand it fell from...
183) 0) text: Elektra stands at the door looking in at M.
184) 0) text: Their eyes lock.
185) 0) text: M works quickly.  She pops open the back of the clock and takes out the batteries.  She pries off the tops with a k and connects the wires to the LOCATOR CARD...
186) 0) text: The Radio Operator touches his earpiece...
187) 0) text: Teeming with people, his eyes scanning, he spots...THE BO climbing a ladder alongside a building to A ROOF. Bond chases after him, clambering up, but when he gets to top of the roof... Boa has now been joined by THREE THUGS.  One attacks Bond the Boa and the others move away... Bond fights with the thug, they stumble across the roof, gripping each other, until Bond gets the upper hand and THROWS HIM DOWN through a thatched roof where he falls...
188) 0) text: Into the market below. Christmas, just coming into the square, sees the body falling...she runs to the thug, thinking it might be Bond But the thug raises up, smiling at her, blood on his teet She turns and runs...the thug gives chase...
188) 2) text: Motoring rapidly away from him.  He makes a spectacular l to a wobbly FLAG POLE that swings him toward the bus, dropping him on the roof before it SNAPS BACK, into the overhead TRAM WIRES ABOVE and setting off sparks.
189) 0) text: Thug two's body goes SLAMMING INTO THE WINDSHIELD of a fa moving van...BURSTS OUT through the back doors of said va and tumbles out onto the street where it is HIT BY A CAR.
190) 0) text: The Alley leads into a small CAFE where PATRONS smoke wat pipes and drink coffee.  The Boa is nowhere to be seen. Bond slips out his gun holding it out of sight close to h leg so as not to alarm the civilians.  He steps into the cafe.
191) 0) text: Bond makes his way through the tables to the doorway in t back.  He looks inside - just a few children  at play.  B is suddenly blind-sided by a vicious kidney punch which brings him to his knees.  He struggles to bring up his gu but the Boa knocks it out of his hand. The Boa locks Bond's head in an unbreakable choke hold fr behind.  Bond pulls on the massive arms - but to no avail He glances down to his right - HIS GUN - just out of reac Bond reaches out for it - his fingers just graze it. Suddenly the Boa's foot kicks out, knocking the gun acros the room.  He tighten his grip and speaks in Bond's ear.
192) 0) text: Bond comes out into a side street crowded with VENDERS AN SHOPPERS.  Bond sees the Boa pushing his way through the crowd to...
193) 0) text: RUSSIAN TRAMP STEAMER taking on cargo.  Bond enters squar time to see the Boa making a Bee line for the Russian steamer. As the Boa, much the worse-for-ware, starts up the gangwa the top deck of the steamer, Bond hitches a ride on a car net that is being hoisted aboard by the ship's boom.
194) 0) text: Boa, breathing hard gets to the deck.  He lumbers across but before he can reach the other side he is tripped up b Bond who has been waiting for him by the side of the deck house.  The Boa goes sprawling.  As Bond comes for him he scrambles to his feet, grabs a nearby bailing hook, and swings at Bond.  But Bond is ready for him.  He wards off blow with a small wooden cover from a shipping crate.  He traps the Boa's arm and gives him two quick devastating k in the solar plexus.  He Boa stages back to the railing. final kick from Bond sends him over the side...
195) 0) text: A magnificent ornate tower in the centre of the Bosphorus An innocent-looking launch coasts up to it.  A tarp is ra and Bond and Christmas are revealed, hands bound.  They a helped out, led inside by a number of henchmen.
196) 0) text: Elektra crosses the hallway as the doors open.  Kisses Bo on the cheek as she eyes Christmas.
196) 3) text: Take her to Renard. Bond and Christmas exchange a look as the guards start he towards some steps. Elektra indicates for him to sit.  Behind him, the whole Istanbul is visible through a large curved window.
196) 8) text: I think we ignore the old ways at our peril, don't you? Bond recoils as she fastens the collar...  She steps back
196) 10) text: Where's M?
196) 16) text: You turned Renard.
196) 18) text: Just like you...only you were even easier. She pulls the jewel from her ear, reveals the ugly scar:
196) 34) text: Oh James. She begins to turn the screw... ... when SEVERAL GUNSHOTS are heard outside. Bond is on the edge of consciousness. Elektra freezes.  Gets off him.  Moves to a window.
197) 1) text: Big, battered and bloody, Valentin Zukovsky is leaving a boat, moving over the rocks toward the entrance with thre his men.  Two bodies in his trail.  He's on course for Elektra and nothing is going to stop him, even as his henchmen are cut down by ferocious fire.
198) 0) text: Elektra moves to her gun.  Just then, Gabor crashes throu stained glass window, neck broken. TWO ELEKTRA HENCHMEN appear from below stairs as the door burst open.  Zukovsky stands there.  A bloody giant. They open up with machine guns, but two shots from Zukovs take them out, though he takes one in the shoulder.  Righ now, he's unstoppable. A shocked silence after the shooting.  He eyes Bond in th chair.  To the room:
198) 8) text: Yes.  Au revoir... Lost for a moment, she breathes heavily.  She glances at Zukovsky's corpse.  Slightly puzzled, to Bond:
198) 10) text: Time to say goodnight. And she kisses him -- reaches behind to deliver the kille twist... One super-fast movement: Bond's hand breaks free, grabs her throat, tight.  He hol her, their faces close together, disdain in his eyes -- h her backwards, her hand scratching at his face. Ripping the collar from his neck, he gets to his feet.  M to Zukovsky, checks his pulse, takes the bloody gun from fingers. Turns back, to see Elektra disappearing upstairs.  A mome dilemma:  should he race below to the sub -- or up to Elektra? He takes off after Elektra, grabs the radio handset.
199) 0) text: The submarine's engines roar to life.
200) 0) text: ELEKTRA rises up one of the triple spiral stairways leadi to the various balconies of the minaret tower.
201) 0) text: Bond stalks up after her.  THEIR VOICES ECHO through the intertwined stairs:
202) 0) text: Elektra has reached a balcony.  It affords a spectacular of Istanbul.  Bond appears, has her cornered.
202) 4) text: Renard. Bond waits...
202) 6) text: You wouldn't kill me.  You'd miss me. And her face breaks into a perverted grin and --
202) 8) text: Dive!  Bond -- BLAM!  Bond shoots her. She staggers back, shocked at her own mortality.
203) 0) text: Sees the nose of the sub heading into the Bosphorus, half submerged.  The hatch is still open.
204) 0) text: He stares at her dead body a beat. And then, he crouches. touches her cheek, just once, before he goes. Behind him, unbeknownst, M has seen it all.
205) 0) text: He moves to the ledge. Composes himself -- and DIVES ONE HUNDRED FEET to the water.  Amazing.
206) 0) text: He surfaces close to the exiting sub.  Grabs a ladder, pu himself up. The hatch is closing...  He splashes through the water flooding over the sub, appears in front of the amazed sai shutting the hatch.  WHACKS him with the hatch.  Gets ins Closes it.  Milliseconds before the hatch slides under th water.
207) 0) text: Bond down below. Renard's crew are spread throughout the He creeps through... Approaches one man working some levers, smoking.  Bond ho his gun to his head.
207) 2) text: That? (re:  gun)
207) 3) text: Or this?
208) 0) text: A few SOLID BANGS on the metal of Christmas' door.  It op and Bond lets the now unconscious man hit the deck.  That his head banging.
208) 2) text: James!... He takes her by the hand, they move through the shadows o the sub.
209) 0) text: A man is operating the tanks.  Through the intercom:
210) 0) text: Several men occupy the central control room, Renard at th centre.  Beyond, on the other side, the outer chamber of reactor.
211) 0) text: From the other end of the control room, Bond and Christma so near and yet so far -- they can't get to the reactor because there are so many men in there. Keeping behind cover:
212) 0) text: Bond and Christmas get attacked.  A vicious, silent fight Then the radio set sparks into life --
212) 3) text: Tanks open. But the man has stretched his hand to a fire alarm: The KLAXON RESOUNDS.
213) 0) text: Renard looks up.
213) 4) text: Bond! You have decided to join me on this historic voyage.  Welcome to my nuclear family.
214) 0) text: Jams shut the hatch behind him.  Now moves through to the
215) 0) text: Where he picks up the PLUTONIUM. Moves back into the
216) 0) text: Sealing the other door behind him.  And now he opens up t cover of the glaring REACTOR...
217) 0) text: Christmas sees a panel light up:
218) 0) text: The air tanks immediately filling with water.
219) 0) text: Christmas and Bond shift to the side.  Everything not scr down starts sliding...
220) 0) text: The submarine is tilting, further and further, the nose dropping down and down... Pretty soon we have the strange and incredible sight of a submarine hanging vertically, nose down.
221) 0) text: Renard hangs on, swings, until he can get a footing on th nearest wall.
222) 0) text: Bond and Christmas hang on too, get a grip.  He helps her
223) 0) text: Renard is disturbed by the sub's position, but only momentarily. He moves to an intercom:
224) 0) text: Bond hears a creak, turns to see the tubes open -- water gushes up toward them at an incredible rate.
225) 0) text: Renard now struggles back up to the reactor, stares into violet blue heat... He hits a button.  A ROD slowly rises out of the reactor.
226) 0) text: Bond and Christmas are ahead of the water.  They have rea a level where various systems are operated from.
227) 0) text: High up on the sub, a hatch opens.  Water floods into an escape hatch.  An inner door stops it getting into the submarine itself.
228) 0) text: Renard slowly inserts the plutonium rod.  Immediately the light around him becomes a deeper blue, a horrible luminescence.  The staccato click of a distant Geiger cou intensifies.
229) 0) text: As Bond opens the inner door of an ESCAPE HATCH, he point out a cabinet on the wall to Christmas.
230) 0) text: Inside the chamber, Bond holds his breath as water seeps The most claustrophobic thing you've ever seen.
231) 0) text: A green light comes on and Christmas punches a button...
232) 0) text: The OUTER DOOR opens...  Bond burst out and starts the lo swim up the OUTSIDE OF THE SUBMARINE...
233) 0) text: Christmas is counting.
234) 0) text: It's dark out here.  It would be very easy for Bond to ge disoriented. He peers around, trying to get his bearings against the v vertical whale he's swimming up. Passes the conning tower.
236) 0) text: Bond is running out of air... And then he sees it -- the open hatch of the rear escape door. He gets inside, yanks it closed...
237) 0) text: Christmas, shivering in the rising water.
238) 0) text: The hatch opens and Bond collapses out in a gush of water The hatch closes. The whole world is at a crazy angle here. Bond looks down the sealed door of the reactor chamber, curses.
239) 0) text: Bathed in the horrible light of the over-heating reactor, Renard looks upwards, aware of sounds on the other side o the door... KER-BLAM!  A BLINDING FLASH OF LIGHT. The door shoots off its hinge, blasted by Bond. Bond drops down into the chamber, takes one look at Renar now a crumpled heap in the corner. Bond moves down to the next door, opens it:
240) 0) text: BOND'S POV: in the intense glow inside -- the overheating rod, protruding slightly.
241) 0) text: Bond looks at the gauges from behind a thick GLASS SHIELD Christmas comes up level with him:
242) 3) text: in the reflection of the gauge (which is millimeters from 5000), we see Renard approaching from behind us... BOND jams the hose into the reactor, ducks down -- as the blows the rod out - narrowly missing him as it shoots pas impales Renard in the heart, just before he could shoot. Renard stares at Bond in horror.  Bond calmly takes the f gun off him.
243) 0) text: They clamber into the next chamber up...
244) 0) text: The submarine is slowly sinking, nose down.  Air is escap from the many seams that are creeping apart.  We can hear metallic GROANS through the water.
245) 0) text: Bond and Christmas crawl into TORPEDO CHAMBERS... Bond reaches out, setting a timer to FIRE... The clock ticks down...
246) 0) text: The Torpedo doors open and Bond and Christmas are SHOT OU INTO THE WATER, streaking through, as behind them... THE SUBMARINE EXPLODES in spectacular fashion.
247) 0) text: Bond and Christmas reach the surface...  Look around them No boats coming to the rescue.  They wave to a tourist bo passing. The boat heads over to pick them up...
248) 0) text: Tanner overseeing things, and then... M walks in.  Efficient and steely as ever.  All eyes turn her.  She looks at everyone...makes the briefest of nods. That is all the sentiment allowed as business resumes. She scans the machines:
249) 0) text: A magnificent rooftop garden looking out over Istanbul. Christmas and Bond alone with some Bollinger. FIREWORKS explode above. They clink glasses.  He looks ou the cityscape.
250) 0) text: Tanner and Q look at a SATELLITE THERMAL IMAGE OF ISTANBU
250) 5) text: There. And he points to ONE orange figure lying on the rooftop.
250) 7) text: I thought you said he was with Doctor Jones? They all look back to the image.  The figure is turning R almost glowing.
251) 0) text: It's dark, we can't really see them.