6) 0) text: The Cigar Girl enters a huge, high-ceilinged room. Edgy, approaches a BIG MAN standing on a balcony overlooking th city.  Propped against the doorframe, an assassin's RIFLE with LASER-SIGHT attached. BINOCULARS are on a tripod, trained on the rooftop below where we can see cops examin the shattered office windows. The man turns. Powerful, deadly, with a military haircut. There is a raised, red scar of an ENTRY WOUND at his temp It throbs and shifts with the slightest facial expression like an insect living just beneath his skin. One EYE seem slightly drooping, deadened. The other eye is sharp and b as anthracite.  It is a frightening face. This is RENARD.
6) 1) dialog: What's his name? Our friend from MI-6?
6) 3) dialog: One of M's more accomplished tin soldiers.
6) 5) dialog: If it concerns you...kill him. He touches her cheek and moves into the room, pouring two glasses of wine.
6) 6) dialog: Let's toast this James Bond.  We're in his hands now...
51) 13) text: Renard.
52) 0) text: A HUGE, TRANSPARENT 3-D IMAGE OF RENARD'S SKULL floats in centre of the room.  Other images of him on wall screens.
52) 2) text: I advised against paying the ransom. I knew it was Renard. I played it out as long as possible to get a fix on him.
52) 6) text: That bullet is still there. Bond moves toward the ghostly Renard. We now see THE BULL INSIDE HIS SKULL.
84) 41) dialog: Dead, or not dead?
86) 0) text: The HENCHMAN holds Davidov against the wall with his huge fist around his neck.  Near his head, the live flame of a SCONCE hisses, burning blue and yellow, drawing their fue from the glass basin of hot oil attached beneath it. The HOOKER, obviously one of Renard's gang, has finished donning her khaki pants and combat boots and straps a gun onto her shoulder. Renard looks distastefully at the room.
86) 1) dialog: Is this how you spend the money I pay you? And with the rest you hire fools who shoot like blind men?
86) 4) dialog: Should be dead as well. Your failure today is astonishing.  It is a disgrace. He approaches close to him, stopping at the flaming SCONC near his head.
86) 5) dialog: Do you know why the color is blue at the wick? Davidov starts to sweat.
86) 6) dialog: Because that is where the flame is the hottest. Renard touches the glass well of oil.
86) 7) dialog: The temperature is close to five hundred degrees. Renard uses his knife and POPS the seal from the lamp, removing the well of oil...a DROP of the hot oil FALLS ON HAND and SINGES IT BLACK in an instant... Renard does not even flinch.  Davidov starts talking, try to placate...
86) 9) dialog: Then you are completely unnecessary... Renard raises the container of oil over Davidov's head:
86) 11) dialog: Bond is suspicious. We are moving sooner, tonight.  We understand each other?
89) 0) text: RENARD and his henchmen, watching. Renard seems mesmerize the sight of Bond's HAND on the small of Elektra's back, their easy sensuality as they both get into the car.
89) 2) dialog: (seething)
110) 2) dialog: I see my friend Davidov ran into some difficulty.
110) 6) dialog: Go ahead.  Shoot.  My men will still steal the bomb, and the shot will bring them directly to you. Renard gestures into the pit. BOND'S P.O.V.  TWO OF RENARD'S MEN in the pit, unaware of what is happening above, working directly with the bomb. of them is using a manual...IT IS JUST LIKE THE STOLEN REPORT, the Miratom seal in the corner. Bond aims his gun at Renard's head.
110) 8) dialog: To die by a man who can't even grasp what he's caught up in... Bond, out of the corner of his eye, sees Renard's man rem a SMALL DEVICE from inside the bomb.  It is the size and shape of a credit card, black, with shiny transistors on it...the man slips it into his pocket.
110) 10) dialog: Not many people in this world have that kind of fortune. Bond cocks the pistol.
110) 12) dialog: You think I fear death? I welcome it. I get on my knees and pray for it. You, on the other hand, you have something to live for, no? (closer now)
110) 13) text: She's beautiful isn't she? You should have seen her before. Flawless, and still so innocent, not such a whore in bed... Bond's eyes flare in fury.  He shoves Renard into the wal and presses the gun to his temple.
110) 15) dialog: Have you forgotten who saved your life in Geneva?
110) 17) dialog: It's I who should thank you -- for taking that money back to MI-6.  So distressing for M.  An explosion inside her lair.
110) 19) dialog: You even brought the plane for us.  We really couldn't have done it without you. Bond strikes him across the temple with his pistol.  Rena drops to his knees.  He touches his temple, looks at the blood curiously, feeling no pain.
110) 20) dialog: A man tires of being executed. As Bond screws a silencer onto the muzzle of his gun:
110) 21) dialog: But then again...There is no point in living if you can't...feel alive. Bond knows that, he's heard it somewhere before...IT FREE HIM, just a beat, but it is enough... SUDDENLY, the noise of footsteps -- CHRISTMAS JONES, with COLONEL AKAKIEVICH and two armed soldiers. We're with them as they turn the corner of the passageway see Bond with silenced pistol aimed at the kneeling Renar classic execution stance:
110) 30) dialog: (to Christmas)
110) 32) text: were you the one who allowed him down? Colonel Akakievich looks suitably stung.  But Renard is looking past him now, as with a quiet WHIRR, the BOMB rai into view on a trolley.  Renard's team is ready to move.
110) 33) dialog: (to Akakievich)
110) 35) text: You had me.  I knew you couldn't shoulder the responsibility... And Renard jams his hand onto Bond's shoulder, squeezing collar-bone hard...  Pain jolts through Bond, he drops to knees in agony. He shoves Bond down.  Bond's hand goes to shoulder, his mind now racing -- how did he know to hurt there? Renard's men start to maneuver the bomb toward the curvin passageway.  It's all too much for Colonel Akakievich:
112) 1) dialog: (urgent now)
112) 2) text: Very well, Colonel. We will all go up. One of Colonel Akakievich's men gestures with his gun tha Bond should get up.  Knowing it's now or never, Bond PUSH him away, yanks a PISTOL from his holster, GRABS Christma LEAPS down into the bomb PIT just as RENARD'S MEN open fire...  Akakievich dies straight away. do two of his men.  The gunfire RICOCHETS around the cham and ceases. Renard hangs back.  His radio crackles a message:
112) 3) dialog: (nods, into radio)
115) 0) text: Where he LEAPS ON TOP OF Renard's last man.  They fall THROUGH THE IRIS, it SHUTS behind them.  The man swings h machine gun at Bond -- it hits the wall next to him, brea apart.  Bond grabs a broken section and kills him with on strike. He pauses at his dead body and reaches into his jacket, retrieving...THE CARD-LIKE DEVICE.
117) 0) text: Up ahead of Bond, the bomb disappears down the passageway can see it is attached to A PULLEY above, helping the men move quickly, Renard, pulling, the two men pushing Renard signals one of them to drop back to cut off Bond.. Machine-gun fire turns the wall next to Bond to dust -- B dives to a recess.  An overhead LIGHT SHATTERS.  His sect of the tunnel darkens.
121) 0) text: Renard is loading the bomb it into the ELEVATOR. He flick switch on the panel by the elevator.  The IRIS starts clo on Bond...
123) 0) text: Renard is getting in the ELEVATOR.  Sees Bond made it, fi Bond rolls into a corner.
123) 1) dialog: We have our fireworks.  Now you can have yours. And he machine-guns some barrels.  Rocket fuel spills out He digs a finger into one of the holes, effortlessly rips metal so more fuel cascades out.
149) 0) text: A boat puts in at an ancient tower in the middle of a vas body of water (in fact, the Bosphorus). Renard disembarks with several of his retinue, heavily la with bags and cases.  They enter the tower...
150) 0) text: A fantastic space:  stained glass windows cast myriad patterns over elaborate tile and marble surfaces.  Pillar iron lattices, velvet drapes and flowers embroider the hu room. As they enter, Elektra swoops across the floor and into Renard's arms.  He holds her.  She pushes him away.
150) 3) dialog: Go on.  It's safe.  Touch your destiny. She traces a finger along the metal.  A flicker of wonder
150) 5) dialog: (pointed)
151) 0) text: Elektra opens a heavy door, she and Renard past through t A SMALL ROOM...a window set in the stone on one side.  Th other side is divided off by a WALL OF BARS, creating a c which now contains: M The cell is bare, except for a camp bed in the corner. M betrays no fear.  A quiet defiance burns in her.
151) 2) dialog: My executioner.
151) 8) dialog: No. I'm afraid it is what you did. He crosses close to the bars.
151) 9) dialog: When I took her she was...promise itself. So clever, so vibrant, so...full of life force. And you left her there, at the mercy of a man like me. You ruined her. For what?  To get to me? She is worth fifty of me.
151) 12) dialog: No. I wanted you. I wanted you for myself. He takes something out of his pocket.  A small TRAVEL CLO He sets it.
151) 13) dialog: Since you sent your man to kill me, I have been watching time tick slowly away, marching inevitably toward my own death. Watch these hands, M. At noon tomorrow, your time is up. And I guarantee you...I will not miss.  You will die. Along with everyone in this city and the future of the West. He places the clock on a tall stool, just out of reach through her bars.  He leaves.  We hold on the clock: Eight p.m.
173) 0) text: Renard and Elektra.  She is on the bed, Renard stroking h worshipping her skin.
173) 1) dialog: So beautiful. So smooth, so warm.
173) 3) dialog: Why are you like this?  Because Bond is dead?  It's what you wanted.
173) 5) text: Of course... Renard gets up.  Paces the floor.
173) 6) dialog: He was a...good lover?
173) 8) dialog: Nothing. Elektra comes to him. Leads him to the bed.  Sits. Gently removes the splinter.  Then, she takes an icecube from th bucket.  Runs it along his wound.
173) 10) dialog: Nothing. Now she runs the ice down her neck...
180) 0) text: Waiting at the newly excavated quay:  Renard and his men. The submarine's hatch opens.  A YOUTHFUL CAPTAIN EMERGES, vaguely resembling his uncle, Zukovsky.
180) 1) dialog: Captain...
180) 3) dialog: You came with a skeleton crew?
180) 5) dialog: Of course. We are grateful for your efforts. One of his men comes forward with several bottles of bran and other food.
180) 6) dialog: We have brandy and other refreshments for your men. The Captain nods, pleased.
182) 3) dialog: Take them up and throw them in the sea. As they drag Yevgeny away, his HAT falls on the ground. Renard picks it up and PUTS IT ON HIS HEAD.
182) 4) dialog: We'll be underway in two hours.  Use that time to re-familiarize yourselves with your stations. Then ponder how rich you'll be.  The re-breathers for the escape are already on board. A man appears holding a heavy lead box containing the plutonium.  Renard takes the box as if it weighs nothing. Stronger then ever.
183) 7) dialog: The reactor is secured. She turns, sees RENARD in the doorway.  She crosses to hi and SLAMS THE DOOR SHUT behind her.
184) 1) dialog: This is the end.
184) 3) dialog: It will be yours, and yours alone. Have fun with it. Forces himself to leave, heads down the stairs.
196) 3) text: Take her to Renard. Bond and Christmas exchange a look as the guards start he towards some steps. Elektra indicates for him to sit.  Behind him, the whole Istanbul is visible through a large curved window.
196) 16) text: You turned Renard.
198) 7) dialog: (filtered)
202) 4) text: Renard. Bond waits...
207) 0) text: Bond down below. Renard's crew are spread throughout the He creeps through... Approaches one man working some levers, smoking.  Bond ho his gun to his head.
209) 1) dialog: (filtered)
210) 0) text: Several men occupy the central control room, Renard at th centre.  Beyond, on the other side, the outer chamber of reactor.
212) 1) dialog: Open the tanks. Bond is throttling the man with the cable.  Speaks into t handset.
213) 0) text: Renard looks up.
213) 1) dialog: (to self)
213) 3) dialog: (into mic)
213) 8) dialog: In case you've forgotten.  I'm dead already.
213) 10) dialog: You will die for this. He strides through to the
221) 0) text: Renard hangs on, swings, until he can get a footing on th nearest wall.
223) 0) text: Renard is disturbed by the sub's position, but only momentarily. He moves to an intercom:
223) 1) dialog: Open the torpedo tubes.
225) 0) text: Renard now struggles back up to the reactor, stares into violet blue heat... He hits a button.  A ROD slowly rises out of the reactor.
228) 0) text: Renard slowly inserts the plutonium rod.  Immediately the light around him becomes a deeper blue, a horrible luminescence.  The staccato click of a distant Geiger cou intensifies.
239) 0) text: Bathed in the horrible light of the over-heating reactor, Renard looks upwards, aware of sounds on the other side o the door... KER-BLAM!  A BLINDING FLASH OF LIGHT. The door shoots off its hinge, blasted by Bond. Bond drops down into the chamber, takes one look at Renar now a crumpled heap in the corner. Bond moves down to the next door, opens it:
242) 2) dialog: is recovering, has found a FLARE GUN near him.  Raises it Bond...
242) 3) text: in the reflection of the gauge (which is millimeters from 5000), we see Renard approaching from behind us... BOND jams the hose into the reactor, ducks down -- as the blows the rod out - narrowly missing him as it shoots pas impales Renard in the heart, just before he could shoot. Renard stares at Bond in horror.  Bond calmly takes the f gun off him.