42) 0) text: BAGPIPES.  A chapel atop a green slope overlooking the wa of Loch Lomond. A long line of mourners files out at the end of a memoria service.  They mill about on the lawn, among them,  M, gr faced, BILL TANNER, CHIEF OF STAFF and JAMES BOND, his ar a black sling. Bond, ever vigilant, scans the crowd... HIS P.O.V.  It's like a state funeral.  Rich and powerful people, government ministers, chief executives from aroun the world...and then... FAR OFF, on a DISTANT RISE, he sees a BIG MAN, not one of mourners but an isolated observer, standing alone, wearin sunglasses and a military haircut. The man seems to see Bond looking at him...
43) 0) text: M, Bond and Tanner in the rear of a limousine. The vehicl swoops through the epic countryside of the Scottish Highlands.
47) 1) dialog: ...The money was dipped in urea, dried, and packed tight. In one note the metal strip had been replaced with a combustible magnesium circuit -- in effect a tiny detonator. King always wore a pin in his lapel, an heirloom called 'the Eye of the Glens'; but someone switched it for a copy, a ceramic micro- circuit emitting an electronic signature.
47) 2) text: on BOND as he enters the room.  He hangs back in the shad watches Tanner mime the pin moving to the note:
47) 3) dialog: When he came within range of the money -- boom.  Ingenious. M steps forward.  Her fury controlled.
47) 5) dialog: And expensive.  Cost three million plus. Suddenly the chandelier darkens, the floor brightens into VAST SCREEN, showing a satellite image of Central Asia an the Mediterranean.  M and Robinson walk onto the screen.
47) 17) dialog: Your call to the PM. M nods grimly.  As Robinson distributes sealed envelopes:
129) 2) dialog: Anywhere in this circle.  Iran, Iraq, Pakistan, Syria, Afghanistan...
134) 0) text: SCIENTIFIC, MILITARY and TURKISH POLICE VEHICLES parked around a medium-sized industrial plant. Bond accompanies M and Tanner toward a clutch of offices. All around, SOLDIERS, IDA personnel, POLICE scour the are
135) 0) text: FIVE BODY BAGS are being carried out by soldiers.  M surv the scene; in an unlit corridor CHRISTMAS JONES and sever men sweep the area with CLICKING Geiger counters. ELEKTRA is a distance away, listening to a Turkish police explain what's happening.  She nods acknowledgement to M. Tanner senses that Bond wants to talk to M alone:
135) 1) dialog: I'll see how they're coming with the power... They watch him go.  M turns to Bond:
135) 10) dialog: What is it?
135) 17) dialog: It's heading for the oil terminal.
136) 0) text: The MI-6 helicopter swoops along the pipeline... Tanner is beside the pilot.  Bond and Christmas in the ba They look at one another, the danger ahead melting the fr between them.
137) 0) text: Bond and Christmas climb through an access hatch down ont the electric RIG.  Its lights blaze fifty yards into the tunnel.  Then darkness. Christmas takes the driver's spot, Bond the rear, nearest the approaching BOMB.  Tanner leans in:
137) 1) dialog: (sealing them in)
148) 16) dialog: Tanner to 007, do you read? Bond grabs the radio.
148) 18) dialog: She's gone.
148) 20) dialog: She's disappeared.  And two of our men have been killed. It impacts on Bond.  His eyes harden.
248) 0) text: Tanner overseeing things, and then... M walks in.  Efficient and steely as ever.  All eyes turn her.  She looks at everyone...makes the briefest of nods. That is all the sentiment allowed as business resumes. She scans the machines:
248) 2) dialog: Still no contact yet.
250) 0) text: Tanner and Q look at a SATELLITE THERMAL IMAGE OF ISTANBU
250) 1) dialog: That's strange. The satellite image zooms in one particular car parked in side street.  We can just make out Bond's ASTON MARTIN.
250) 2) dialog: He must be nearby. M comes over. The image moves from the car, closes on the garden roofto The thermal image is multi-coloured, difficult to deciphe