15) 0) text: The stars are out tonight. Establishment Miami meets football jocks meets business supporters meets politicos, meets sex and alcohol. It's also a charity event, designed by the Sharks' P.R. Department to deliver a Children's Needy Fund some million dollars a year, most of which is being raised tonight -- with, naturally, the colorful Mayor Tyrone Smalls in attendance. Julian Washington ROARS up to the dock in a dramatic CIGARETTE BOAT -- product logos for his sponsors all over it. Four gorgeous girls cling to him. Flashbulbs explode, the paparazzi eating this up as much as Julian.
17) 0) text: A banner reading: CHILDREN'S FUND OF MIAMI. Flashbulbs and camera idolize Christina presenting a check to MAYOR TYRONE SMALLS, a boisterous Afro-American in his 60s.
17) 2) dialog: (dramatic) The city of Miami would like to thank Christina Pagniacci, you are a great Miamian! You have done as much as anyone to eliminate drugs and crime from our city streets... -+. and your Sharks have provided wonderful role models for our inner-city youth to look up to. I'm all for it, honey, now let's get down and party!! Raucous laughter. People have long come to accept the Mayor's idiosyncracies. Smalls greets Christina's mother, a blitzed Margaret, on the podium, escorted by Ed Phillips. Also there is Andy, Christina's yawning, tired husband. Observing this in the crowd are Willie and Vanessa, who feels herself out of place and underdressed for this affair. She excuses herself to the ladies' room... as Willie walks over to Sanderson and Julian.
19) 2) dialog: (for all) So, where is that bold and beautiful quarterback of yours, Christina? Christina, put off, turns impatiently to Cap and Cindy, approaching.
19) 5) dialog: (to Cap) Show me some love!... (to Christina, sotto) ... I meant the other quarterback. You know -- the black dude.
22) 0) text: Mayor Smalls embraces Willie in an extravagant bear hug, as Christina and others look on.
22) 1) dialog: Be proud! You are the future of football in this country, son! You are a model for your people now, Willie Beamen! A black man unafraid! Stand tall and gimme some sugar, boy! Willie laughs, hugs the Mayor back.
27) 2) dialog: I always forget how pretty you are, Christina.
27) 4) dialog: What's this bug you got?
27) 6) dialog: «+. how you gonna pay it back, darlin'?
27) 8) dialog: (mocking) ‘Personal seat licenses' -- that's the biggest bunch of bullshit! -- how the hell can you sell the same seat twice? I seen some pretty smooth scams in my time, but only a white man could come up with that one. The fans gonna burn you, honey. (CONTINUED)
27) 13) dialog: There ain't no bottom line, baby. It's an endless fucking pit! (genuinely) Your team's not doin' what the Dolphins are doin'. The schools're howling for money, roads need redoing, a new stadium's the last thing on the city council's mind...
27) 16) dialog: (smiles infuriatingly) Sweetheart, you outta here when the city and the county says you outta here. Your lease ain't up for two years so don't start setting fires you can't put out...
27) 22) dialog: (smiles ) Now that's the Pagniacci I believe! I see your teeth! Get down, girl!
27) 24) dialog: Yadda, yadda, yadda! Daddy's girl, you are a relative baby in this town. Go slow. First you get along... then you go along... (puts an arm around her) Come on, honey, you and I known each other too long. Your roots are here in Miami. Why would you want to leave? Your dad created such love, such a foundation...
27) 26) dialog: (grins) That's the only way I play it.
29) 0) text: Montezuma Monroe intersects Mayor Smalls; they know each other.
29) 2) dialog: What's up, brother?
29) 4) dialog: (shaking his head) Same old story, brother. Owners crying broke, y'ever met an owner who ain't losin' money? These guys make extra sure the team loses money. They share a knowing laugh.
29) 8) dialog: Stadium's where it's at. Now they invented these ‘naming rights' and 'P.S.L.s'. It's all tricky doo. We don't have the money for that stadium. You guys gotta fight through it till you have a successful season. That's the reality... ‘Lady Di' there thinks she's pulling the wool over my eyes and going to L.A. He laughs.
29) 10) dialog: (grins) -.. She ain't going nowhere. Keep it tight, Monty. Either way, you got a job here a long time to come. The Mayor returns to the party as Monroe looks down into the gardens for Tony. MUSIC WAFTS OUT from the party.
56) 30) dialog: Shucks! There goes that black dynasty you been promising me, darling...