1) 18) text: Running onto an empty lot where several other boys are pl ball in a make-shift game, is Jackie. One of the boys bat out a fly and Jackie scoots after it.
2) 6) text: As player nears camera we recognize him as Jackie. Over s is HEARD roar of the crowd. CAMERA HOLDS as Jackie runs i a CLOSE SHOT, then past camera.
2) 8) text: Any shot of a player crossing into end zone for a touchdo as opposing players trail after him... this, apparently,  being the end of Jackie's run.
2) 23) text: Our shot takes in the tailgate of a furniture truck backe close to a warehouse-like entrance or loading platform. A tablet on wall of warehouse reading EMPIRE STORAGE COMPAN helps identify scene. A Negro of about fifty, strongly bu stands on truck tailgate waiting. Jackie, head hidden und huge club chair which he is carrying, walks into scene fr warehouse.
2) 25) text: Jackie swings chair to truck where older man grabs it.
2) 26) dialog: (wiping perspiration) That's the last one, Jake.
2) 29) dialog: (pleased) Yeah? Like the game?
2) 31) dialog: (smiling, after pause) You see, Jake, you're smarter than I  am.
2) 32) text: Jake studies Jackie a moment, and then, with a slow, know smile, lifts chair up and disappears into truck with it.
2) 35) text: Jackie sitting with back propped against tree reading boo
2) 37) text: Jackie looks up as Rae enters scene. He would get up but slips down beside him before he can get started.
2) 39) dialog: (indicating his book) That's okay. I can use all the time  I can get for this.
2) 41) text: Jackie instantly tosses book over one shoulder and takes of Rae's hands in his so she can't get away.
2) 42) dialog: Did you say something?
2) 44) dialog: What about you?
3) 0) text: Lights are on, there is a doctor's bag on one of the rub- down tables, a dozen or so uniforms tossed on various cha and on the floor near the lockers. The trainer and player help Jackie up onto a table and pull his jersey off. Jack winces.
3) 3) dialog: Yes.
3) 5) text: The player who helped Jackie off the field comes into sho He is angry.
3) 10) text: Jackie mulls over the trainer's words.
3) 11) dialog: Thanks, Dick. It's nice to know.
3) 13) dialog: (after pause) Oh, Mack? He's fine. Fine, thank  you.
3) 15) dialog: 
3) 17) dialog: (shifting in discomfort) I don't myself right now.
3) 19) text: Jackie gives Rae an amused side glance at this, then shru
3) 20) dialog: Well, it won't last much longer.
3) 22) dialog: Oh... something. This isn't getting  me anywhere. I mean... this isn't  getting us anywhere.
3) 24) dialog: And that's serious!
3) 29) dialog: 
3) 31) dialog: Yeah...
3) 34) dialog: (his face serious) Oh... I mean I'm too big to be just  ornamental... Keeps Mom and Mack  hustling to pay my way... I've got  to start in being real useful...
4) 0) dialog: He is in bed, unable to sleep. He has a school book on a  table beside the bed; a small lamp is burning. He picks u the book and studies it for a few moments, but his heart  isn't in it. A clock on the table shows that it is three  o'clock in the morning. Jackie sighs deeply, then slowly  starts climbing out of bed, still careful of his hip.
5) 0) text: Standing by the gas range Jackie pours hot coffee into a  vacuum lunch bottle. Two sandwiches are on a piece of pap He corks the bottle and is wrapping up the sandwiches whe we hear Mrs. Robinson's voice.
5) 2) dialog: Yes, mom.
5) 4) dialog: No. Just couldn't sleep. I'm going  out to see Mack. Want to talk to him  anyway.
5) 6) dialog: I know. But I won't be long. I know  where to find him.
6) 0) text: Jackie walking along Colorado Avenue, or similar business street, deserted and lonely at this hour except for a str cleaner in the distance. Jackie carries the lunch package one hand, much as he would a football. Sandwich and vacuu bottle are wrapped in the same, tight package.
6) 3) dialog: (knowing it will be a  surprise) Hello, Mack.
6) 6) dialog: 
6) 7) dialog: Yeah. I couldn't sleep so I fixed  you some lunch. Here...!
6) 11) dialog: (chuckling) You bet. Coffee, too.
6) 13) text: Mack opens the package, takes a sandwich and offers one t Jackie. Jackie shakes his head.
6) 15) dialog: Yeah. I want to quit college. Right  after the basketball season... when  my scholarship is up.
6) 17) dialog: (pounding Mack's back) Take it easy, boy. I don't want to  lose you now. (getting serious) You know Mom. She sees me as a doctor,  minister or lawyer, perhaps. I'd  like to please her but it just isn't  in me...
6) 19) dialog: (continuing his thought) It would mean years more in school --  and the way I feel, I'd rather work  at getting some kind of a sport job --  an assistant coach -- or a trainer --  something like that... But I can't  figure out which to aim at... Coaching  jobs are darn hard to get...
6) 23) text: Jackie nods. Neither of them is at all bitter about it. I is just accepted.
6) 24) dialog: Sure... I know... But I've got to go  to work. I want to marry Rae. School's  one thing -- but you and Mom can't  support me in marriage.
6) 25) text: During the scene, Mack has continued to eat and now he op the thermos of coffee. Jackie shakes his head that he doe want any and Mack pours himself a cup. As he starts to dr a convertible filled with young people drives in sight, t youngsters singing a football victory song. Jackie and Ma watch it drive by. Banners and streamers hang from the ca all showing UCLA insignia. Mack grins at Jackie.
6) 27) text: Jackie grins back at him.
6) 28) dialog: Funny job you've got for a university  man...
8) 8) text: Jackie and the player opposing him stand together waiting for the opening whistle to sound.
8) 10) text: As Jackie nods --
8) 12) dialog: No, I'm not.
8) 14) dialog: Can't afford to like it!
8) 16) dialog: Ever hear of a Negro in organized  ball?
8) 20) dialog: (with friendly dig  into player's ribs) Well, I'll miss you. You kept me  stepping.
8) 21) text: The other player pulls his fist back as if to sock Jackie
10) 0) text: Jackie is taking his stuff from his locker and packing it a small bag. The trainer we met in the football sequences and a student are standing by. Jackie is explaining somet to them.
10) 1) dialog: ...Coming out of Junior College to  UCLA, the way I did, I only had a  two-year scholarship to fit my  athletic eligibility. Well... the  scholarship is over.
10) 3) dialog: My mother is 63 years old. She's  worked as housekeeper, maid, cook,  laundress, janitress and selling  yard goods in a store to keep us  kids going.
10) 5) dialog: Yes, she'd work for the next ten  years if I stayed in school...
10) 7) dialog: Can't take a chance. I can't expect  more future than Mack... and with  all his college he wasn't able to  get anything worth while. That's not  worth ten more years of work for my  mother.
10) 8) text: His packing finished, Jackie shakes hands with both men.
10) 9) dialog: Luck to you, and I'll take the same.
10) 11) text: As Jackie exits the trainer turns to the student.
10) 17) text: A pair of hands counting a roll of paper money, each bill being slapped down on a table. CAMERA MOVES BACK to reveal Jackie standing up and counti the money in front of his mother who is seated at the tab She seems puzzled as she looks at the bills and then up a him.
10) 19) dialog: (still counting) Money. Remember, Mom?
10) 22) dialog: (in mollifying tone) Okay. Okay, Mom. It's an advance  payment for playing professional  football. I'm signed up to play for  Honolulu.
10) 25) dialog: No, Mom. I'm going there just to  play a few games. They came to me  when they heard I was going to quit.  We can use the money till I get what  I want. So I took it.
10) 27) dialog: I'll be there and back inside of two  months.
10) 28) text: She is troubled as she looks at the money and then up at  Jackie again. He shrugs.
10) 29) dialog: And then, maybe, I'll have some  answers to all the letters I've been  writing for a coaching job.
10) 31) dialog: It'll be all right, Mom. Just give  me a little time and you'll be proud  of me.
10) 34) dialog: (gravely) I know. But... I didn't feel proud  of myself.
11) 0) text: Jackie and Rae are sitting on the front steps, apparently having reached a pause in their conversation which has le them both looking a little troubled.
11) 2) dialog: ...May take us a little longer this  way but it means a better start...
11) 4) dialog: When it does... uh... (in sudden disgust) Oh... maybe you're right. Maybe I'm  just going around in circles.
11) 9) dialog: (taking her hand) All right. And I am going around in  circles. I don't know how to beat  that. But Rae... there's one thing I  want you to be sure of...
11) 11) dialog: Every circle comes right back to  you.
11) 13) dialog: And all I'm worrying about is getting  around fast enough!
11) 14) text: They smile at each other and then Rae leans her head back against Jackie's chest. They stay like this, both gazing  off, when she speaks again.
11) 16) dialog: (frowning) But why so far...
11) 19) dialog: All right.
12) 0) text: A corner of a cabin. Jackie is typing away at a small tab next to a porthole through which we can see a mid-ocean  horizon rising and falling with the roll of the ship. Nex to him is a small pile of letters already written. The di clang of ship's bells is HEARD.
13) 0) dialog: He is walking up to the house, carrying a suitcase in eac hand. CAMERA HOLDS as he reaches front door.
13) 1) dialog: He lowers suitcases and knocks at the door as he finds it locked. He waits a moment, gets no answer, then finds his own key and unlocks the door.
14) 0) text: As Jackie enters, places his bags on the floor and closes the door behind him. He stands there for a moment, then g toward a table where there are several pieces of mail.
14) 2) dialog: He stares out of the window, then sees something, turns a heads for the front door.
15) 0) text: Mrs. Robinson is walking up toward the house, carrying tw large sacks of groceries. Jackie hurries to meet her, gre her and taking the packages at the same time, even as the embrace.
15) 1) dialog: Hello, Mom...
15) 4) text: Jackie and his mother enter and pass through into the kit
15) 7) dialog: (as he enters) Not a scratch. Got a sore arm though --  from writing letters...
15) 9) text: She comes back into the living room, heads for the table  where Jackie picked up his mail. As Jackie reenters:
15) 11) dialog: I read them...
15) 15) dialog: It's something the Government set up  to help underprivileged children ---  they get all sorts of training ---
15) 17) dialog: Looks that way... Anyway, I'm taking  it before they change their minds...
15) 22) dialog: (nodding) Yeah. (joshing her) So even if we don't have a doctor in  the family, we'll have a registered  nurse, anyway... (reflectively) ...I hope...
15) 24) dialog: (nodding) Good idea. Soon's I put my stuff  up...
16) 0) text: This is a room in the nurses' quarters of a large hospita Everything white, clean, uncrowded. Rae, in graduate nurs uniform, is seated at a desk reading a letter. On the des is a picture of Jackie -- in civilian clothes. There is a box of stationery, ink, pen, etc., on the table in additi to several books.
16) 5) text: We know that she will really start worrying. She glances the framed photograph of him. As we look at it, Jackie's  clothes change into the uniform of an Army Private.
17) 0) text: There is a picture of Jackie in the uniform of an Army  private. The uniform fades and is replaced by the uniform a first lieutenant. CAMERA PULLS BACK from photograph and we see that Rae is  writing a letter.
18) 0) dialog: He is packing a suitcase and an Army bag. CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal another Negro officer with Ja This man sits on a bunk -- both are dressed in their unif Jackie moves to a chest and takes some clothes and stuffs them into the Army bag. Then he takes a photo of Rae off wall and packs that in the suitcase. The last thing he re from the chest is a fielder's baseball glove.
18) 2) dialog: (studying glove) I don't know. Don't know if I'll  ever do anything with it again...
18) 3) text: INSERT JACKIE'S HANDS stuffing glove into his bag.
18) 7) text: Jackie draws himself up a little stiffish and addresses R in formal tones.
18) 8) dialog: And when have you ever seen me unpack  before, Miss Isum?
18) 10) text: She flounces from room and Jackie motions to his mother a Mack as he prepares to follow.
18) 11) dialog: Excuse me. I have to effect a...  a... a rapprochement, I think they  call it.
18) 16) text: Same scene as Scene 43. Jake is standing on back of truck maneuvering a settee onto its legs when Jackie walks into the scene and smiles up at him.
18) 17) dialog: H'ya, Jake.
18) 19) dialog: Not quite.
18) 21) dialog: Yes. But if I don't get an answer  soon I'll be back here looking for  my old job.
18) 23) dialog: You mean why don't I spend fifty  dollars train fare instead of a three  cent stamp?
18) 27) text: They stop laughing and turn around as Mack runs into scen carrying a letter which he hands to Jackie.
18) 29) text: Jackie tears letter open.
18) 39) dialog: (a little dazed) A hundred dollars a week... to play  shortstop.
18) 40) text: Jake jumps from truck and is so intrigued he takes letter from Jackie to puzzle over it himself.
18) 41) dialog: (puzzled) And I didn't even write them. How  did they know?
18) 46) text: Just a table in a corner at which sit Jackie and Rae, the latter in white uniform of a nurse, and with Coca Cola bo and glasses before them. An air of sadness seems to have  overcome both of them.
18) 48) dialog: (in same mood) Yeah... and if I can stay with the  Monarchs a couple of years I should  be able to save up a little money. (looking at her) Maybe even enough... (hopefully) Maybe when I know I'm set there,  then...?
18) 49) text: She nods, but not with any particular enthusiasm. Jackie  notes this and nods slowly in agreement with her reaction
18) 50) dialog: I don't blame you. Gee... a couple  more years. Why don't we set a wedding  date for about 1960 and have it over  with?
18) 53) text: Jackie gets up and puts some coins on the table.
18) 54) dialog: And tomorrow I'm due in Kansas City.
20) 2) text: Jackie, in uniform, is sitting in a corner of dugout alon an older man, apparently the manager.
20) 4) dialog: (rising) Okay.
20) 5) text: As Jackie starts away --
20) 7) text: Jackie considers this, nods, and then walks away quietly. The manager shakes his head as if doubtful that Jackie ca come through on this order.
20) 16) text: Jackie takes his stance. The catcher squats and begins ta it up.
20) 18) text: As the catcher is talking Jackie turns and nods to him as grateful for the expected gentle treatment.
20) 20) text: The ball streaks past Jackie's head so closely that he ha to fall to ground to avoid getting beaned. As he gets up, acting fully bewildered, the catcher runs to him and help him dust his clothes, simulating deep concern. Jackie gaz at catcher, and then at pitcher, with great suspicion.
20) 22) text: Jackie waiting and showing determination to hit. He swing and hits... but doesn't run.
20) 25) text: Jackie swings and misses, so hard that he is carried seve feet from plate and ends up facing stands. He acts angry, pulls his bat back of him with one hand and looks as if h is going to sling it into the seats. For a moment he stands thus, wrestling with himself almos as if trying to control his temper. There is a roar of  excitement from the spectators, and then Jackie lets the down. Lowering his head in deep dejection he starts walki back to the dugout. The crowd's yelling now turns to laug
20) 28) text: As Jackie nods --
20) 30) text: As Jackie looks up --
20) 33) dialog: Make up your mind.
20) 36) text: Various shots of Jackie in action as a shortstop; picking a ground ball and shooting it to first, covering second a throwing to first for a double play, backing up the third baseman on a hot grounder and recovering when the latter  boots one.
20) 43) text: Jackie grins and the second baseman returns the ball to t pitcher. As he throws, Jackie suddenly lights out for thi and catches the pitcher flatfooted, not expecting such a  daring play. The crowd roars as Jackie slides safely into third.
20) 49) dialog: I generally sleep pretty good.
20) 51) dialog: (thoughtfully) That's right. I forgot we travel by  bus.
20) 53) dialog: Not so good.
20) 55) text: This is designed to show the nomadic life of these  ballplayers. A. Players piling into their own bus at night. B. Players inside bus, half asleep as they travel. C. Shots of game, including Jackie getting a hit. D. Bus traveling again. E. Players dressing on bus, getting into their uniforms. F. Players emerging from bus at ballpark, going right ont field as if they've delayed game by late arrival. G. Inside bus again; night, players asleep, some still in uniform. H. Game in progress. Jackie in good fielding play. I. Shot of fans showing their appreciation of game.
22) 1) text: Slim has a portable radio on his lap. Jackie is in seat b him.
22) 18) text: Jackie compresses his lips and nods as if it isn't a bad  idea at all. Almost immediately other players pick up  Leander's word and we hear them.
34) 1) text: Jackie and Slim enter the dugout from clubroom runway and notice Bill Piedmont, a pitcher, sitting alone, somewhat  disconsolately. Jackie and Slim settle down on each side Bill.
34) 3) dialog: That's right. You were hot.
34) 7) dialog: I don't know. Thirty thousand up,  maybe.
34) 11) dialog: Think you could do as well in the  majors?
34) 13) dialog: I think so.
34) 15) text: He walks off. Slim watches him and turns to Jackie.
34) 20) text: He doesn't finish but walks out on field leaving Jackie a Jackie sits thinking and we can hear Slim's words echoing his mind...
34) 22) text: Someone calls Jackie and he snaps out of his reverie and  runs onto field.
35) 0) text: Centering on Jackie at shortstop as play begins. We HEAR crack of a bat and Jackie shoots over to his left to make pickup and throw out to first. It is a neat, fast play.
35) 2) text: Jackie stepping up to bat.
35) 5) text: The ball flashes by Jackie, low. He makes no move.
37) 0) text: We see Jackie loping along towards dugout. Suddenly his n is called and he looks towards the boxes.
37) 2) text: Jackie pauses, then veers toward the box seats.
37) 5) text: Jackie neither changes expression nor acknowledges this i any way. Sukeforth climbs out of box onto field and takes Jackie's arm.
37) 7) text: They start off, Jackie still wondering.
38) 2) dialog: What for?
38) 4) text: Jackie is taken aback by this, then, after studying Sukef he suddenly nods his head.
38) 5) dialog: Sure.
38) 7) dialog: I'll do that, Mr. Sukeforth.
38) 8) text: They shake hands and Sukeforth leaves. Jackie stands look after him a moment, his head shaking in wonder. Then he e dressing room.
39) 0) text: Jackie reaches his locker and starts pulling his shirt of Slim enters scene accompanied by Bill, the pitcher.
39) 2) dialog: Nope. Said he was a scout for the  Brooklyn Dodgers. Said Branch Rickey  wants to see me.
39) 5) dialog: (smiling) He didn't say. Just wants to see me.  Maybe to see if I've got two heads  or something.
39) 7) dialog: He's getting the train tickets and  I'm to phone him at seven at his  hotel.
39) 9) dialog: (laughing) You don't think I'm crazy, do you?
39) 10) text: Slim and Bill join in the laughter and Bill lets his hand fall on Jackie's shoulders.
39) 13) dialog: On the strength of that I'm going to  have dinner and go home to bed. It's  been four days since we had a bed to  sleep in and I'm going to get a  nightful of it.
40) 0) dialog: He is in bed, sound asleep, when a knock is heard at the  door. Jackie rolls over a bit, paying no attention.
40) 2) dialog: Who is it?
40) 6) dialog: (fully awake) Just a second!
40) 13) dialog: Just a minute, Mr. Sukeforth -- if  that's your name... I don't know you  and you don't know me...
40) 14) text: Sukeforth looks at him sharply. Jackie hesitates, then  continues.
40) 15) dialog: ...If Mr. Rickey did send you to see  me, then I've made a big mistake --  and I'm sorry...
40) 16) text: Sukeforth doesn't understand for a moment. Then, angrily, reaches into his pocket, brings out his wallet and gives  Jackie a card.
40) 19) dialog: It's still hard to believe... A lot  of fellows come to the game and...  you know.
40) 21) text: Jackie relaxes a bit and waits for Sukeforth to continue.
40) 23) text: He looks around the room, then back to Jackie.
40) 24) dialog: And you said you don't know why he  wants to see me.
40) 26) dialog: (urging him on) After all, there's no chance for me  in major league baseball.
40) 28) dialog: So... what...
40) 30) dialog: Yes?
40) 32) dialog: Oh... so that's it. Football.
40) 34) text: Jackie looks around the room, plainly at a loss.
40) 36) dialog: I... Okay.
41) 0) text: Jackie and Sukeforth round a corner and walk down the hal toward camera. CAMERA PULLS BACK and PANS to a doorway on which is printed:
41) 2) text: CAMERA HOLDS as Jackie and Sukeforth walk up to the door. Sukeforth opens it without knocking and leads Jackie insi
42) 2) text: Sukeforth leads the way to a door marked "MR. RICKEY." He opens it and motions Jackie to step in first.
43) 2) text: He stands up, warm of face and manner, but we can tell fr the look in his eyes that he is making a quick and keen s of Jackie.
43) 4) text: As Sukeforth and Jackie come up to desk.
43) 5) dialog: How do you do, Mr. Rickey.
43) 9) dialog: I've got nothing against Brooklyn.  But... uh... on the Monarchs we get  all kinds of men who show up and  talk big about signing us up for  this and that. It's a kind of a gag.
43) 12) dialog: Yes... we got together finally.
43) 14) dialog: Yes, sir?
43) 16) dialog: More than wondering, Mr. Rickey. I'm  most curious. Although... I sort of  figured it out for myself...
43) 18) dialog: Well, I know you're starting an all- colored football team.
43) 20) dialog: Jackie is bewildered. He looks towards Sukeforth as if fo help in understanding but Sukeforth's expression is just puzzled. Then Jackie turns back and his face hardens a bi
43) 21) dialog: You said that as if you were talking  about organized baseball, Mr. Rickey.  But I'm a Negro. There are none of  us in big league ball. I don't  understand...
43) 24) dialog: Yes.
43) 26) text: Jackie and Sukeforth consult each other with another glan as Rickey falls silent a moment.
43) 27) text: Leaning forward to Jackie.
43) 30) dialog: But...
43) 31) text: As Rickey stands up and shoots a finger out at Jackie as guessing what is on his mind.
44) 9) dialog: Sukeforth looks to see what Jackie's answer will be, and  Jackie begins nodding slowly, and replies, not as if he i talking to Rickey, but as if he is asking questions of  himself... because this is serious.
44) 10) dialog: If I'm strong enough. If I should be  the one on whom this all depends.
44) 12) dialog: I can try. For all I've got.
44) 23) text: Both Rickey and Sukeforth wait for Jackie's reply. Finall it comes.
44) 24) dialog: Can you use a ballplayer who hasn't  the spirit... to fight back?
45) 9) text: Mrs. Robinson stands quietly waiting, but we can tell she dying to know what it is all about. But Mack is listening Then he finally talks again to Jackie.
45) 18) text: Jackie talking into a pay station phone.
45) 19) dialog: Hello, Mom! Mack tell you? What do  you think, Mom...? (surprised) What? What? (laughing) Yeah... I feel all right. Yeah, I'm  sure. I feel swell... But what  about...?
45) 23) dialog: But I don't know anybody in New  York...
45) 26) dialog: 
45) 27) dialog: (thinking) Yeah... maybe you're right, Mom.  That does sound good.
47) 0) text: Jackie and an elderly minister are seated, both silent,  serious and thoughtful. Jackie seems to be waiting for an opinion from the minister. The latter finally stands up a Jackie follows suit.
47) 2) dialog: (puzzled) A walk? Well... surely, if you like.
48) 0) text: Jackie and the minister have arrived back at the church a stand there.
48) 1) dialog: 
48) 3) text: As Jackie nods:
48) 5) dialog: That means I take the chance.
48) 7) text: The minister looks at him. Jackie nods. He keeps nodding we cut to:
48) 11) text: "In the meanwhile, there has been no comment from Jackie  Robinson, who, having returned to his home in Pasadena, i preparing to marry Miss Rae Isum, a schooldays sweetheart
48) 19) dialog: (nodding) I'm sure. I'm very sure. Not afraid,  are you?... because of all this fuss  in the papers? I've never been south  either, since babyhood.
48) 21) dialog: (laughing softly) Who'll want to talk to me? They talk  about me... but not to me much. If  you aren't there I'll just be alone  once I'm off the field.
48) 23) dialog: (smiling) Why... Dem's the conditions that  prevail... like Jimmy Durante says.
48) 25) text: We cut as Jackie, pleased, starts to put his arm around h
48) 26) text: 1. Shot of Jackie and Rae getting on plane.
49) 3) dialog: Yes?
49) 5) dialog: That's right.
49) 7) dialog: Why... we were going to find a  hotel...
49) 9) dialog: (puzzled, looking at  Rae) That's very kind of you... but...  why... we don't want to impose...
49) 11) text: Jackie studies Gaines a moment and then understands. He  extends his hand and both men shake.
49) 12) dialog: (simply) Thank you.
50) 0) text: A car pulls up outside a comfortable looking frame house. The three, Gains, Jackie and Rae, get out, the two men  dividing the bags between them, and walk towards house. A they get near the door, it opens and a dignified colored  woman steps out and smiles a welcome. From a distance we the introductions made and the group passes inside.
51) 0) text: Jackie is buttoning up his uniform and nearly a dozen  reporters, most of them white, are shooting questions at  him. Several have notebooks in their hands and are writin down his answers.
51) 2) dialog: Don't know if I'm good enough to  make the Montreal team -- so I'm not  even thinking about the Dodgers...
51) 4) dialog: (grins) Same as you would. Duck.
51) 7) dialog: (seriously) Sure -- provided I'm good enough...
51) 9) dialog: (looking up) Trouble?
51) 11) text: Jackie doesn't answer for a moment. Then:
51) 12) dialog: (sincerely) That's too tough for me to answer.  All I can say is that I'm going to  do my best -- as a player and on and  off the field... How it'll turn out --  I don't know any more than you do...
51) 13) text: A few start writing this down and now the trainer moves u in front of Jackie.
52) 0) text: As Jackie, the trainer, and several reporters come up out it and stand there for a moment.
53) 2) text: At the call, a tall, greying man in his fifties, in unifo turns around and walks toward Jackie and others, includin camera.
53) 8) text: He starts moving toward the field as he speaks and Jackie follows him. Then they both stop and look out toward the  playing field.
53) 13) text: The players and Jackie nod. Hopper turns away and Jackie  joins Harker who is the lone player, with Billings and Pi some sixty feet away.
53) 15) dialog: As he studies their faces, his eyes following the ball in flight. He hopes they might be kidding him.
53) 18) dialog: Looking out toward other players on field.
53) 20) dialog: He is troubled, not knowing what to do, but realizing tha he must do something -- yet nothing that will offend the  three players who are still ignoring him. He studies them again.
53) 22) dialog: He takes a breath and moves a step closer to Harker.
53) 24) dialog: The ball is again intended for Harker but Jackie leans ov and casually gathers it in in a graceful catch. Before th can be any reaction he has the ball on its way back to  Billings.
53) 26) dialog: Jackie turns after throw to find Harker looking at him al gratefully. Harker nods in commendation.
53) 30) text: The four of them have to laugh now and as we cut away Har is begging Jackie for the ball.
54) 18) dialog: I'll be right home after practice.
54) 19) text: Rae nods as Jackie waves and starts to run down the walk.
54) 21) text: His face is serious as he looks towards Jackie.
54) 23) dialog: Hello, Mr. Gaines. I was just on my  way to the field.
54) 24) text: Gaines puts his hand on Jackie's shoulder.
54) 26) dialog: Not this... Uh? What do you mean?
54) 30) dialog: (after pause) You mean... on account of me?
54) 32) text: Jackie looks at Rae... then back at Gaines.
54) 33) dialog: Then... you mean I'm through? Is  that what he said?
54) 35) dialog: (puzzled) By myself? I don't get it.
54) 37) dialog: (staggered) And I... I'm the cause of all that?
55) 0) text: Training session on. A few dozen players on the field,  catching, throwing, batting, etc. Jackie is playing short
55) 2) dialog: Looking disgusted with himself, then flexes his right arm few times as he moves back into position.
59) 9) text: The trainer looks as though he's about to explode and so some of his players. Jackie looks upset. The trainer shru helplessly and motions toward the players to leave.
61) 1) text: Branch Rickey and Clay Hopper are standing in conference  near the dugout. Players, including Jackie, in b.g.
61) 4) text: Jackie comes up to them from b.g. Waits for them to speak him.
61) 6) dialog: Yes.
61) 8) dialog: I will, Mr. Rickey...
62) 2) dialog: (nodding) Anything special?
62) 4) text: Jackie nods again, swings his bat, and moves up to the "o deck" spot. As he does so, the first batter gets a hit an races toward first.
63) 0) text: As the batter reaches first safely and Jackie moves up in the batter's box.
64) 11) text: As Hopper walks up to players' bench. Jackie and the play look up at him.
64) 13) text: Jackie gets up and slowly walks down into the dugout and  towards dressing rooms. The other players are silent, yet we feel, resentful about this unfair situation Jackie has buck constantly.
64) 14) dialog: He starts pulling off his uniform and the trainer walks i scene. Jackie is definitely unhappy.
64) 16) dialog: Yeah, Pete. Thanks for looking at it  my way but I bet you fellows are fed  up with all the trouble I've caused.  All the jumping around, cancelled  games... ruction in the air.
64) 18) dialog: (sighing) It's the game... but I'll never get  to play it, I'm afraid. I've got a  hunch that maybe Mr. Rickey has  enough, too... and maybe I'll be  back with the Kansas City Monarchs  in a few days... if they'll take me.
64) 22) dialog: As Rickey and Hopper enter scene.
64) 25) dialog: Yes, Mr. Rickey. You going to give  it to me now?
64) 27) dialog: My walking papers. You must be caught  up with all this melodramatic stuff...  police chasing the team all the time.
64) 29) text: Jackie, who has been sitting a bit dejectedly, straighten up slowly and looks from one to the other. His face is fi more with wonder than anything else.
64) 30) dialog: (unbelievingly) You're still with me!
64) 33) dialog: (shaking head) And I was ready to give up!
64) 34) text: He seems lost in thought, his gaze directed at a far corn of the room, as Rickey gives him a farewell pat on the  shoulder and exits. Jackie doesn't even look up. Then Hop is standing over him.
64) 36) dialog: (waking up) Yes, Mr. Hopper.
64) 38) dialog: (brows knitting) Better?
64) 42) text: The Gaineses and Rae drink, but when Jackie, embarrassed, tries to take his glass, Rae puts her hand on it, laughin and stops him.
64) 44) dialog: (grinning) I forgot...
67) 7) dialog: He takes a ball.
67) 9) dialog: Swings and fouls off. Waiting. Another ball. Another ball
67) 11) dialog: A called strike.
67) 15) dialog: Swinging and connecting as a roar comes from the crowd.
67) 23) text: Receives ball from second baseman in disgust and turns ar towards plate. Only once, before throwing, does he turn a to eye Jackie, then he starts his windup. The second he g into it there is a roar from the crowd and we can tell fr the frantic look that comes into the pitcher's eyes that knows what is happening -- Jackie must be off again... th time for third! But it is, of course, too late for him to anything but finish his throw.
67) 41) text: Jackie takes a strike.
67) 43) text: Jackie turns head briefly in direction of ground boxes wh voice, mimicking a thick southern accent, is coming from.
67) 60) text: Jackie veers suddenly towards box and man falls back in a But Jackie makes no menacing motion. Instead he picks up cat and starts unloosening the twine as he walks away.
67) 63) text: Jackie sitting in the shadows, his hand still fondly pett the cat.
67) 67) text: MONTREAL ROYALS WIN INTERNATIONAL PENNANT! Jackie Robinson Leads League in Hitting!
67) 88) text: Jackie waves acknowledgement and then starts trotting in.
67) 90) dialog: For me? This is a first baseman's  glove.
67) 92) dialog: I don't get it. Not play second, you  mean? Mr. Rickey, I don't like first  base. I'm not a first baseman. I did  well at second last year.
67) 94) text: Jackie still has a fielder's glove on his hand. Slowly he shakes it off and puts the first baseman's glove on inste He seems to have forgotten that Rickey is there. He pound his fist into the pocket of the glove thoughtfully and th without another word, still deeply preoccupied apparently walks off. Rickey's gaze follows him.
67) 95) text: Jackie awkwardly scrambling for one in the dirt at first barely recovering to make the out. Jackie hitting. Jackie racing in for a bunt, turning to find no one at first, an then racing the runner to the bag for the out. After whic he mops his brow wearily. Jackie running the bases, steal into a base, beating a pitcher's throw to trap him, teasi the pitcher, teasing again, then away on a run. Jackie  hitting. Jackie hitting again. Jackie walking. And again hitting as we
69) 1) text: Jackie at a small desk, writing. His voice is heard telli us some of the words he is putting down.
70) 7) dialog: Swinging and hitting.
71) 2) text: Jackie knows that Hopper means it and it affects him, as  they shake hands.
71) 3) dialog: (sincerely) Mr. Hopper -- I really appreciate  all the help you've given me... And  I mean it, too, when I say that last  year in Montreal was the happiest  year I've ever had... Rae and I'd  just as soon live there the rest of  our lives...
71) 4) text: Jackie is leaning over Rickey's desk and signing his cont while Rickey looks on. When Jackie finishes, Rickey puts his hand and they shake.
71) 6) dialog: You can trust me, Mr. Rickey. I can't  afford to fail. My career is no longer  a personal one, as you know...
71) 10) text: Whatever the scenes, Jackie is shown as quietly accepting whatever happens and standing clear while his teammates d him. The news stories are dated to show the progression o the summer months during the 1947 season, or else we migh show the calendar months being stripped off one by one. Part of the same effect is the following headline: HOLD JACKIE ROBINSON NIGHT AT EBBETTS FIELD!
71) 11) text: Here we insert stock shots showing Jackie out in the fiel receiving the Cadillac car, television set, etc., with hi mother and Rae also present at the ceremonies in his hono
71) 13) text: We illustrate here with stock newsreel shot of Jackie at  Baseball Writers Award Dinner.
72) 0) text: We show those scenes of Jackie in which he is beginning t selected excerpts given below.
72) 1) dialog: You can put me down as an expert on  being a colored American, with thirty  years of experience at it. And just  like any other colored person with  sense enough to look around him and  understand what he sees, I know that  life in these United States can be  mighty tough for people who are a  little different from the majority --  in their skin, color or the way they  worship their God, or the way they  spell their names. I'm not fooled  because I've had a chance open to  very few Negro Americans. It's true  that I've been the laboratory specimen  in a great change in organized  baseball. I'm proud that I've made  good on my assignment to the point  where other colored players will  find it easier to enter the game and  go to the top. But I'm very well  aware that even this limited job  isn't finished. As I see it there  has been a terrific lot of  misunderstanding on this subject of  communism among Negroes in this  country, and it's bound to hurt my  people's cause unless it's cleared  up. I understand that there are some  few Negroes who are members of the  Communist party, and in event of war  with Russia they would probably act  just as any other Communists would.  So would members of other minority  and majority groups... Most Negroes --  and Italians and Irish and Jews and  Swedes and Slavs and other Americans --  would act just as all these groups  did in the last war. They'd do their  best to help their country stay out  of war; if unsuccessful, they'd do  their best to help their country win  the war -- against Russia or any  other enemy that threatened us... I  can't speak for any fifteen million  people any more than any other one  person can, but I know that I've got  too much invested for my wife and  child and myself in the future of  this country, and I and other  Americans of many races and faiths  have too much invested in our  country's welfare, for any of us to  throw it away. I am a religious man.  Therefore, I cherish America where I  am free to worship as I please, a  privilege which some countries do  not give. And I suspect that 999 out  of almost any 1,000 colored Americans  you meet will tell you the same thing.  But that doesn't mean that we're  going to stop fighting race  discrimination in this country until  we've got it licked. It means that  we're going to fight it all the harder  because our stake in the future is  so big. We can win our fight without  the Communists and we don't want  their help...
72) 2) text: INTERCUT into speech are scenes of typical Negro life, bo impoverished and comparatively affluent, selected to best illustrate his particular words at the moment. There is a CLOSEUP of Jackie as he reaches his final words. As he sp them we cut to: