4) 2) dialog: Shh. The boy stares into the eyes of ACHILLES (30), who seems to have barely moved. Somehow he managed to seize the boy and put a knife to his throat without waking the women.
4) 3) dialog: (whispering) I was having a good dream. (beat) A very good dream. The boy nods, dumb with fear. Achilles has the lean, efficient physique of a boxer. His face and body are dark from a summer spent in the sun.
4) 5) dialog: I'll speak with your king in the morning.
5) 0) text: Achilles prepares for battle, strapping on his breastplate. The boy assists him, fixing the bronze greaves to his legs.
5) 5) dialog: I wouldn't be bothering with the shield then, would I?
5) 8) dialog: That's why no one will remember your name. Achilles gallops away, leaving the boy standing alone.
6) 0) text: Agamemnon confers with his OFFICERS on the battlefield, including KING NESTOR (65), his trusted advisor. When Achilles rides into view the Mycenaean soldiers CHEER. Some cry out his name. Agamemnon and his officers turn to watch Achilles dismount and approach them.
6) 3) dialog: Who's giving the whipping? He walks toward Agamemnon, fingers curling over the hilt of his sword. Nestor slides in between Achilles and the king.
6) 6) dialog: (to Agamemnon) Why don't you fight him yourself? Wouldn't that be a sight, a king who fights his own battles?
6) 13) dialog: When Achilles is forty yards from the giant, Boagrius turns to his army and shakes his spear over his head. They cheer, slamming their bronze swords against their bronze shields. (CONTINUED)
6) 17) dialog: Achilles, son of Peleus. (CONTINUED)
6) 22) dialog: He's not my king. Achilles walks west, away from both armies. The soldiers watch him go in silence.
22) 0) text: Achilles stands in the ruins of an ivy-covered temple on cliff above the sea, sparring with his cousin Patroclus (17). Both men wield wooden practice swords. Patroclus is a talented, lean, flashy young fighter. His sword whirls in the air like a thing alive. Achilles, by contrast, is the apotheosis of the efficient combatant, wasting no energy, waiting for weakness. (CONTINUED)
22) 3) dialog: You're getting fat, cousin. Patroclus grins and relaunches his attack, sword spinning with blazing speed. Achilles ducks beneath an arcing swing and sword-taps Patroclus on the back.
22) 4) dialog: Fancy swordplay. The girls must be impressed. Patroclus grunts and charges in again. This time a genuine duel develops, featuring splendid repartee and parrying.
22) 6) dialog: Terrified. Achilles raises his right hand and Patroclus lifts his sword to parry the blow -- but Achilles no longer holds his sword in his right hand. Sword in hisleft hand, Achilles taps Patroclus on the chest. Patroclus stares down at the wood blade.
22) 8) dialog: By the time you know how to do it, you won't be following my orders anymore. Achilles tosses aside the sparring sword. He cocks his head as if listening to some distant sound. Patroclus, oblivious to the noise, practices his swordplay. Achilles' foot curls around the wood shaft of one of the spears lying on the ground. In one impossibly fast motion, he flips the spear into the air with his foot, catches it, and throws in the opposite direction from where he was looking. (CONTINUED)
22) 12) dialog: I don't like that smile, my friend. It's the smile you smile when you want me to fight in another war. (beat) Patroclus, my cousin -- Odysseus, king of Ithaca.
22) 16) dialog: Tell me you're not here at Agamemnon's bidding. Odysseus hesitates. Achilles shakes his head.
22) 17) dialog: How many times have I done the savage work for the King of Kings? And when has he ever shown me the respect I've earned? (CONTINUED)
22) 23) dialog: Why? Are the Greeks tired of fighting each other?
22) 25) dialog: The Trojans never did anything to me.
22) 27) dialog: They insulted one Greek, a man who couldn't hold on to his wife. What business is that of mine?
22) 29) dialog: (angry) Is it? Am I the whore of the battlefield? Can my sword be bought and sold? (beat; calmer) I don't want to be remembered as a tyrant's mercenary.
22) 36) dialog: Trees don't swing back. Odysseus chuckles, but he's alert to the boy's enthusiasm Patroclus
22) 40) dialog: Play your tricks on me, if you'd like. But leave my cousin out of it.
23) 0) text: Achilles makes his away across the sandy hillocks. He spies a woman in the distance.
24) 0) text: Achilles finds his mother, THETIS (45), standing in the surf. Her long black hair is streaked with gray. She sees a shell that she likes and stoops down to pick it up
24) 1) dialog: Mother. Thetis turns and smiles at Achilles.
24) 3) dialog: I haven't worn a seashell necklace since I was a boy. Thetis looks at Achilles' bare neck.
24) 6) dialog: They want me for another war. Thetis bends down and scoops up a silvery shell.
24) 7) dialog: Are you listening?
24) 9) dialog: Patroclus wants to go.
24) 16) dialog: And you know this, mother?
26) 0) text: Achilles stands in the prow of his boat, staring east. Patroclus stands behind him, wearing a new SHELL NECKLACE
39) 0) text: Achilles' OARSMEN holler encouragement to their shipmates and check to see that their boat is safely in the lead. Achilles stands in the prow, scanning the Trojan shore. Patroclus stands beside him. EUDORUS (40), a Myrmidon lieutenant, approaches Achilles.
39) 2) dialog: They brought us here for a war, didn't they?
39) 4) dialog: Do you fight for me, Eudorus? Or Agamemnon?
39) 6) dialog: Then fight for me. And let the servants of Agamemnon fight for him.
44) 0) text: Though the oarsmen continue to pull, everyone is now armored. Achilles sees Patroclus, armed and ready to fight.
44) 1) dialog: Where are you going?
44) 3) dialog: You're not ready.
44) 5) dialog: And you're a good student. But you're not a Myrmidon yet. He gestures to the Myrmidons around them. (CONTINUED)
44) 8) dialog: These are the fiercest soldiers in Greece. Each of them has bled for me before. (beat) I can't fight the Trojans if I'm worrying about you, cousin. Guard the ship. Patroclus looks about the deck. The only unarmored man aboard is an old, ONE-LEGGED COOK, mending spears. Patroclus angrily strips off his breastplate and drops it to the deck.
46) 0) text: Achilles stands in his ship's bow, scanning the Trojan dunes. He turns to face his men. He smiles.
46) 1) dialog: Myrmidons, we are brothers of the sword. I'd rather fight alongside you than any army of thousands. (CONTINUED)
46) 2) text: 4вЂќ 48 49 50 48. CONTINUED: 4вЂќ The Myrmidons cheer. Achilles points his sword toward Troy.
46) 3) dialog: Do you know what's waiting beyond that beach? (beat) Immortality. The Myrmidons raise their swords and cry out with one voice. The oarsmen give one last mighty pull on their oars and beach the tar-caulked keel of the warship on Trojan sand. Achilles puts on his helmet, grabs a coiled rope anchored to a bronze cleat, and rappels down to the beach. The Myrmidons follow him, tossing the ropes off the deck and shimmying down to the beach.
48) 0) text: Hundreds of arrows whistle through the air. Four of the Myrmidons climbing down cry out as arrows hit them; they tumble into the sea. Other arrows rip into the packed sand or zip harmlessly into the water. The Myrmidons, clustered together and holding their shields above their heads, look to Achilles. Achilles makes a hand signal. Half his men split off and run to the fortifications on their left, howling like wolves as arrows rain down.
50) 0) text: Achilles sprints toward the archers, half his men behind him. The archers let off another volley. More Myrmidons fall.
53) 0) text: Achilles, three arrows in his shield, sprints across the sands. Arrows tear through the air about him. No man alive can run with Achilles. (CONTINUED)
53) 4) dialog: Breathe, my friend. Eudorus takes two deep breaths. Achilles dashes for the temple. His Myrmidons follow behind.
55) 0) text: Ajax's ship is one hundred yards from shore. Legendary AJAX (30) -- a huge man, brutally muscled, head shaved, face and body scarred -- stands in the prow, watching Achilles.
59) 0) text: Achilles, his shield now quilled with arrows, hurls his spear. It catches the closest archer just above the breastplate, tearing through the man's throat. The archers near by throw down their bows and take up the spears racked behind them. (CONTINUED)
61) 0) text: Achilles, not even breathing hard after the slaughter, removes his helmet and rests it on the wall. The surviving Myrmidons search the grounds, dispatching any dying Trojans. Eudorus hurries over to Achilles' side.
61) 2) dialog: The Sun God is the patron of Troy, our enemy. Take whatever treasure you can find. The Myrmidons cheer and rush the temple.
61) 4) dialog: Speak. Eudorus gestures to the sun above them.
63) 0) text: Achilles gazes at the sky as if waiting for the sun to blast him for blasphemy. Nothing happens. Hearing hoofbeats, Achilles turns and spots Hector and hi men, two hundred yards away.
63) 1) dialog: (to Budorus) Get inside the temple, warn the men. Eudorus hurries to warn his comrades.
63) 2) dialog: Eudorus! Wait, wait a moment. The Myrmidon captain stops. Achilles hefts a spear, judges the distance, and throws. One hundred yards from Achilles, the spearhead finds its mark: Tecton's breastplate. Tecton is knocked from his horse and skewered to the ground. He clutches at the wooden shaft, not comprehending his fate. Hector reins in his horse and stares at his fallen captain. The man is finished. Hector turns to look at Achilles. Eudorus's eyes are wide. No other man alive could have thrown a spear that far or that accurately. (CONTINUED)
63) 5) dialog: Now you can go. Eudorus runs inside the temple. Hector kicks his horse and gallops toward Achilles. His men cry out and follow him. Achilles waits. Hector raises his own spear. When he is fifty yards away, he throws. At the very last moment, Achilles bends his head to one side, an almost lackadaisical movement. The spear rips through the air occupied by Achilles' head half a moment before. Achilles smiles. Hector draws his sword and charges, his men right behind him. Achilles walks, with insulting insouciance, into the temple. A series of high steps lead inside the temple. Hector and the Trojans dismount and proceed cautiously to the temple
64) 0) text: An arrow sticks out of Ajax's leg but he doesn't seem to notice it. He bulls forward, giant shield held in front, and slams into the Trojan ranks. Where Achilles is all grace and speed, Ajax is brute force. Parrying his blows is useless: his battle axe splits bronze shields, bronze swords, bronze helmets. The sound of his axe carving through a breastplate and th man beneath the breastplate is like nothing else on earth As Ajax drops another Trojan, he lifts his ax to the heavens.
65) 0) text: Hector and his men enter the temple. Eyes adjusting to the gloomy light, they gingerly advance. All is quiet. Evidence of looting is everywhere. At the back of the temple, stairs lead up to the altar room. Hector walks toward the stairs. Blood trickles down the steps. Hector raises his eyes. Achilles stands atop the staircase, both hands wrapped around the hilt of his sword, the sword point resting on the top step. He stares down at Hector. WAR CRIES explode through the temple. The Myrmidons burst from their hiding places and rush the Trojans. Hector is an obvious target. Two Myrmidons charge him, their spears leveled. If Achilles is the apotheosis of martial grace, Hector is something altogether different -- a man of ordinary gifts who has become an extraordinary warrior by dint of experience, endless training, and powerful intelligence. As the Myrmidons charge he waits. At the last moment he swings his sword, slicing both spearheads from their shafts. The Myrmidons stare at their decapitated spears. Hector doesn't give them a chance to recover. He pounces, sword flashing, and both men fall to the temple floor. Achilles watches from the top step. Hector begins running up the stairs. Achilles disappears inside the altar room. Another Myrmidon bounds up the stairs after Hector. The prince wheels about and kicks the Myrmidon in the breastplate. The soldier tumbles down the steps. Hector continues up the stairs.
67) 0) text: Hector finds the bodies of two PRIESTS. They lie on the stone floor, limbs splayed, throats slit. Sitting atop the altar, half-hidden by the shadows, is Achilles. He's a terrible sight to behold, splattered with blood, his bronze sword still dripping.
67) 1) dialog: You must be very brave or very stupid, to come after me alone. (beat) You must be Hector. Hector stares at Achilles a moment before kneeling by the dead priests' bodies.
67) 2) dialog: A private audience with the prince of Troy. I'm flattered. Do you know who I am?
67) 4) dialog: I didn't kill them. Cutting old men's throats -- there's no honor in that.
67) 7) dialog: Why kill you, prince of Troy, with no one here to see you fall? Achilles backs out of an archway opening onto the bright day outside. Hector follows. 66 57.
68) 2) dialog: They'll be talking about this war for a thousand years.
68) 4) dialog: Yes, prince. But our names will remain. A band of bloodied Myrmidons, led by Eudorus, emerges fro the temple. Hector, surrounded by enemies, warily backs off.
68) 6) dialog: Go home, prince. Drink some wine. Make love to your wife. Tomorrow we'll have our war.
68) 8) dialog: Perhaps your brother can comfort them. I hear he's good at charming other men's wives. Hector stares at Achilles and the Myrmidons for another moment before walking away.
68) 10) dialog: It's too early in the day for killing princes. 67 68 69 58.
69) 0) text: Thousands of Greek soldiers on the beach watch as the Trojans retreat, many of the archers riding behind their Apollonian saviors. Hector mounts his horse and rides back toward the city. When the Greeks see Achilles climbing onto the temple's roof they stare in awe, silent. Achilles raises his bloodied bronze sword toward the sun. The CLAMOR that erupts from the beach is deafening. Thousands of men cheering and yelling his name: Achilles! Achilles!
71) 0) text: Soldiers tug more and more ships onto the sand. From the landed ships, primitive cranes are already beginning to lower boxes of provisions, military materiel, and horses. Achilles walks across the beach, carrying his helmet, accepting the congratulations of the troops. Ajax, shirtless, strides over.
71) 3) dialog: The gods are immortal. What do they have to fear? Ajax laughs and releases Achilles.
71) 7) dialog: I don't have to worry about my back with you behind me. Achilles continues walking. He sees Odysseus walking down a gangplank from his ship to the beach.
71) 8) dialog: (calling out) If you sailed any slower, the war would be over.
72) 0) text: No rugs have been laid down yet, so loot from the temple has been stacked on the sand: gold chalices, black amphorae, woven tapestries, goatskins filled with sacred wine. But Achilles does not look at this plunder. Bound by the wrists to the center pole of the tent is Briseis, dressed in her white robes. Terrified but trying to retain her composure, she returns Achilles' stare. Robes torn, hair disheveled, bleeding from the lip: she still possesses her innate dignity and strength. Something changes in Achilles' eyes when he looks at her. (CONTINUED)
72) 4) dialog: Leave us. Eudorus bows and exits. Achilles pulls a small, sharp knife from his belt. Briseis stares at the blade. Achilles walks over to her and cuts the ropes that bind her. She sits back, rubbing the chafed skin of her wrists, still watching Achilles. He sheathes his knife.
72) 5) dialog: What's your name? Briseis stares at him but doesn't answer. Achilles becomes aware, for the first time, that he's covered in blood. He wipes a hand across his face. Briseis looks about the tent, as if searching for a way out.
72) 6) dialog: You're safer in this tent than out there. Believe me.
72) 8) dialog: I've killed men in five countries. But never a priest.
72) 10) dialog: What's he waiting for? Briseis is stunned by such blunt blasphemy but she can't take her eyes off him, because Achilles, after all, is Achilles.
72) 14) dialog: His priests are dead and his acolyte's a captive. (beat) I think your god is afraid of me. Briseis laughs bitterly.
72) 16) dialog: Then where is he? Briseis has no answer. Achilles smiles and she looks away. A bucket of hot water sits beside a washcloth. Achilles wets the cloth and begins to scrub the blood from his body.
72) 18) dialog: You haven't seen twenty summers and you think you know my heart? I know more about the gods than priests could ever teach you. (beat) You're royalty, aren't you? Briseis says nothing. Achilles smiles again.
72) 19) dialog: You've spent years talking down to men, you must be royalty. What's your name? (beat) Even the servants of Apollo have names.
72) 23) dialog: Are you afraid, Briseis? Briseis is quiet for a moment. She watches Achilles with a mixture of fear and curiosity.
72) 26) dialog: What is it? Eudorus sticks his head inside the tent.
72) 28) dialog: Why would I want to look at him when I can look at her?
72) 30) dialog: Give me a moment. Eudorus withdraws. A long beat while Achilles studies her.
72) 31) dialog: You don't need to fear me, girl. You're the only Trojan who can say that.
73) 0) text: Two muscular GUARDS stand by the opening to Agamemnon's tent. Achilles, wearing clean clothes, doesn't bother waiting for the guards' permission to enter; he brushes past them and through the tent flap. 72 63.
74) 9) dialog: Apparently you've won some great victory.
74) 11) dialog: You can have the beach. I didn't come here for sand.
74) 13) dialog: The battle was won by soldiers. The soldiers know who fought.
74) 15) dialog: First you need the victory. (CONTINUED)
74) 19) dialog: I don't want to hear my father's name from your mouth.
74) 21) dialog: You want gold? Take it, it's my gift, to honor your courage. Take what you want.
74) 24) dialog: (to the soldiers) I have no quarrel with you, brothers. But you'll never see home again if you don't let her go. The soldiers hesitate, then draw their own swords. Achilles advances on them.
74) 32) dialog: She's not a slave.
74) 34) dialog: Before my time is done, King of Kings, I will look down on your corpse and smile. Achilles turns and leaves the tent.
85) 0) text: Achilles sits cross-legged, arms held straight out in front of him, palms up. His bronze sword is balanced on his palms. Patroclus and Eudorus, armored for battle, enter the tent Achilles does not look away from his blade. Though the sword must be heavy, his arms do not tremble.
85) 2) dialog: Let them march. We stay.
85) 5) dialog: Agamemnon spat on my honor yesterday. I promised that girl her safety and he stole her from me. Let him fight the Trojans today. Eudorus and Patroclus exchange glances. Eudorus bows to Achilles and exits the tent. Patroclus remains behind.
85) 6) dialog: When I was very small I saw my father kill a man with his bare hands. Patroclus doesn't know how to respond to this. (CONTINUED)
85) 9) dialog: There's so much blood in a human body. Achilles flips the sword in the air and catches it by the hilt. He examines the edge.
85) 10) dialog: You're ready to fight, Patroclus?
85) 12) dialog: You're ready to kill? Patroclus hesitates.
85) 13) dialog: At night I see their faces. All the men I've killed. I see them standing on the far bank of the River Styx. (beat) They're waiting for me. Patroclus stands absolutely still. He's never heard his cousin speak this way before.
85) 14) dialog: Some nights I walk among them. When I wake I can still hear their words. (beat) They say, "Welcome, brother." Achilles inspects the knuckles of his fist.
85) 15) dialog: Never hate the men you fight. All of us are mortals. All of us wretched things, tumbled crying from our mother's loins. (beat) Only the gods are free from sorrows.
85) 19) dialog: Good. (beat) I taught you how to fight. But I never taught you why to fight.
85) 21) dialog: And who will you follow when I'm gone? Patroclus hesitates, unsure how to answer.
85) 22) dialog: Most soldiers battle for kings they've never met. They do what they're told; they die when they're told to die.
85) 24) dialog: We don't have much time to walk in the sun, Patroclus. After this life comes the underworld, an eternity telling stories to other shades. Don't tell them you died following some fool's orders.
85) 26) dialog: Tell them your name. If your life has been worthy, they'll know the rest.
108) 0) text: Patroclus turns and sees Achilles, standing on a high roc behind the other Myrmidons. We don't know how long Achilles has been watching the battle.
108) 1) dialog: Pull back, you fool.
111) 0) text: Achilles is unable to stand still. His fingers twitch as he watches the battle; he paces back and forth and curses Patroclus and the Myrmidons avoid looking at their leader
111) 1) dialog: Get them in line... get them in line...
113) 0) text: Patroclus and the Myrmidons watch Ajax fall with disbelief. Achilles cannot bear to watch any longer. He walks away. None of his men dare look at him.
123) 14) dialog: Nine. The other soldiers run. Achilles lifts Briseis to her feet. More gently than we would have believed possible, Achilles brushes the sand from her face and hair.
123) 15) dialog: Can you walk? Briseis nods. Achilles, arm around her shoulder, leads her away from the campfire.
124) 0) text: Eudorus and Patroclus are waiting when Achilles and Briseis get to the tent.
124) 1) dialog: Get me food and water. And a new robe. Eudorus bows. Patroclus watches Achilles and Briseis enter the tent.
125) 0) text: Achilles sits near Briseis, watching her. She's clean now, dressed in a new robe -- a man's robe, far too big for her. Platters of fruit and roasted meats sit near her, along with pitchers of wine and water. Briseis doesn't touch any of it.
125) 1) dialog: You should eat. Briseis says nothing.
125) 2) dialog: Did they hurt you?
125) 7) dialog: I saw you fight them. You have courage.
125) 9) dialog: I like dogs more than people. Briseis stares into Achilles' eyes. He's not used to people meeting his gaze. He stares back at the girl, intrigued.
125) 11) dialog: What life?
125) 13) dialog: I chose nothing. I was born and this is what I am.
125) 15) dialog: Does the scorpion feel joy when he stings the beetle? (beat) I doubt it. I doubt he feels anything at all.
125) 17) dialog: And you're a woman in love with a god. Where was Apollo when those men tried to scar you?
125) 19) dialog: Yes. (CONTINUED)
125) 22) dialog: You've dedicated your life to the gods, yes? Briseis, glaring at him, doesn't answer.
125) 23) dialog: Zeus, God of Thunder. Athena, Goddess of Wisdom. You serve them?
125) 25) dialog: And Aries, God of War, who blankets his bed with the skins of men he's killed? Briseis pauses, caught in the trap.
125) 28) dialog: I want what all men want. I just want it more. Achilles takes an apple and unsheathes a dagger. He tosses the apple in his hand. On the third toss he whips his knife-hand up and across and neatly catches four appl quarters. He offers a quarter to Briseis. Stunned, she slowly shakes her head. Achilles shrugs and eats the sliced apple. (CONTINUED)
125) 31) dialog: I'll tell you a secret-- something they didn't teach you in your temple. The gods envy us. They envy us because we're mortal, because every moment might be our last. Everything is more beautiful for the doomed. He stares at her with such intensity she must look away.
125) 32) dialog: You will never be lovelier than you are right now. And we will never be here again. Briseis is quiet for a moment. She rubs the ripe purple grapes on the platter beside her.
126) 0) text: Achilles lies on his back on a deer skin, sleeping. Briseis kneels beside him. In the candlelight we see the glint of a bronze blade. She holds the knife near his throat. Achilles open his eyes.
126) 1) dialog: Go on. Briseis holds the blade against his skin.
126) 2) dialog: Nothing is easier.
126) 6) dialog: Every mortal dies. Today or fifty years from now, what does it matter in the face of eternity?
126) 8) dialog: Many of them. For several seconds she holds the knife to his throat. Finally she puts it down.
128) 0) text: Achilles watches Briseis sleep. She looks very young and fragile, her face bruised, her eyelids fluttering as she dreams. Achilles watches her with great tenderness. Eudorus opens the tent flap. Sunlight streams in. Achilles puts a finger over his mouth. Eudorus sees Briseis and nods. Achilles gently pulls the blanket over her naked shoulders. He stands and exits.
129) 0) text: Odysseus waits for Achilles outside the tent. (CONTINUED)
129) 3) dialog: (to Budorus) Have the men start loading the ship. We're going home. Eudorus, surprised, looks at Odysseus for a second before bowing to his commander and walking away.
129) 5) dialog: I found her.
129) 7) dialog: Not as badly as those who hurt her. Achilles stares at the sea. Seagulls patrol the skies.
129) 8) dialog: Do you miss your wife, Odysseus?
129) 10) dialog: I've never missed anyone in my life. I used to think it was a weakness, needing someone else.
129) 12) dialog: Greece got along fine before I was born and Greece will be Greece long after I'm dead.
129) 14) dialog: I saw it. And I saw who led the men to slaughter. (CONTINUED)
129) 20) dialog: The man sends you to make his apologies? He doesn't understand honor. What are you doing in thrall to that pig of a king?
129) 22) dialog: Am I supposed to fear him?
129) 24) dialog: My life is war. Is that what you think?
129) 26) dialog: A week ago you were right. But things are less simple today.
129) 28) dialog: Of all the kings of Greece, I respect you most. But in this war you're a servant. And I refuse to be a servant any longer. (CONTINUED)
129) 33) dialog: We leave at noon. He tries to enter his tent but Patroclus grabs his arm an blocks his path. Achilles stares at Patroclus' hand. Patroclus releases him but doesn't move out of the way.
129) 35) dialog: Our countrymen?
129) 37) dialog: If my blood wasn't in your veins --
129) 41) dialog: I gave you an order, cousin. We leave at noon. Achilles opens the tent flap.
131) 0) text: Achilles' ship has already been hauled into the shallow water, ready to depart. Myrmidons climb the gangplank, carrying gear onto the ship's deck.
132) 0) text: Briseis sits in the cabin watching Achilles tie a hammock to a peg. Something has changed between them. She looks at him with undisguised tenderness.
132) 2) dialog: Captive is a harsh word. You're my guest.
132) 4) dialog: Strange custom. Achilles takes her hand and inspects her uncalloused palms.
132) 5) dialog: You've never worked the fields. Never chopped wood, never carried a milk pail. These are the hands of royalty. Achilles raises his own hands and shows them to her.
132) 6) dialog: My hands are gates to the underworld. (beat) All my life I've walked with Death. But I grow tired of his company. (beat) Come with me to Larissa. A hint of a smile crosses her lips.
132) 10) dialog: I thought I'd never see it again. (beat) Before I left home my mother told me my fate.
132) 12) dialog: She knows things. (beat) She told me if I stayed home I'd have a long, peaceful life. And if I came to Troy, life would be short... but my name would never be forgotten.
132) 14) dialog: But what if Fate brought me here for another purpose? What if I had to go to war to find peace? (beat) To find you? She cups his face between her palms, pulls him closer, kisses his lips. For a moment they gaze at each other, until the sounds of WAR CRIES, HORNS, and BATTLE DRUMS fill the air. Achilles raises his head and listens, his face hardening. Briseis, alarmed, watches him.
138) 0) text: But now the glorious bronzed figure of Achilles leaps ove the trench, sunlight reflecting off his polished armor. He raises his sword to the sky. A great, violent ROAR rises from the Greek army. When he runs toward the Trojans the Greeks jump from their positions and follow. The two armies collide. Unlike the grassy field the men fought on yesterday, today's battle takes place on the sand, and sand is everywhere. Horse hooves kick up clouds of sand. Men struggle for footing in the loose sand. Red blood puddles on the yellow sand. But much more is different than the terrain. Now the Greeks have a leader. The Myrmidons are at the forefront, battling with a ferocity most Trojans have never seen before. A Trojan OFFICER, spear raised, gallops toward the figure of Achilles. Before the Trojan can throw, Eudorus hurls his spear, catching the officer in the neck. The man goes down. Odysseus, immersed in combat, sees this. He hesitates for a moment and in his distraction is nearly cut down by an axe-wielding Trojan. They fight. After Odysseus dispatches the man, he looks back toward the glittering figure of Achilles. Something's making him uneasy. A Trojan swings his sword at the shining warrior, narrowl missing a clean decapitation. The Greek hero thrusts his spear and guts the Trojan. The Myrmidons surge forward, hacking their way through th Trojans. The Greek army steadily pushes the Trojans back, picking up more and more momentum. Now it is the Trojans who seem frightened, unsure where the Greeks found this intense spirit. Glaucus, the Trojan general, on horseback, shouts to Hector.
139) 0) text: The two elite forces clash. These men are experts, wielding their spears and swords with superior skill. Hector's horse stumbles in the deep sand. Hector abandons his mount, leaping down to the beach, running for the shining warrior. A Myrmidon intercepts him. Their battle is quick-- Hector kills him with a sword thrust. Now he is face to face (or helmet to helmet) with the figure of glorious Achilles. The two men, breathing heavily from the combat, stand still for a moment. The intricately-worked bronze of Achilles' helmet, breastplate, and shield all shine bright. He's a difficult man to stare at for long. Now he charges, sword raised. They fight. And though the battle continues all around them, everyone seems to be aware of the duel taking place The shining warrior is quicker than Hector and lighter on his feet, swinging again and again, a blaze of bronze. Hector fights patiently, parrying the blows, waiting for an opening. The sword of Achilles whistles over Hector's head, swung so hard that the man wielding it cannot protect himself. Hector takes full advantage, swinging quickly, his blade carving the soft flesh just beneath Achilles' helmet. A long question mark of blood whips out of the cut throat The man falls. (CONTINUED)
140) 2) dialog: You've been fighting.
140) 4) dialog: You violated my command.
140) 6) dialog: A mistake? I ordered the Myrmidons to stand down. You led them into combat?
140) 8) dialog: Who did?
140) 12) dialog: Where's Patroclus?
140) 14) dialog: You're lying.
140) 16) dialog: Lies.
140) 19) dialog: Liar!
140) 24) dialog: Dead?
144) 0) text: Achilles, still standing in the same place, watches the remaining wood of the pyre collapse. He walks to his tent. On the way he passes Briseis. She has fallen asleep on the sand. He sees the bruises on her throat where his hand throttle her. As usual, the expression on his face is unreadable. He stares at her for another moment and walks away.
145) 0) text: Achilles finds Eudorus sleeping outside his tent.
145) 1) dialog: Eudorus. Eudorus blinks, unsure where he is, then rouses himself a he recognizes his master's voice. He struggles to his feet.
145) 3) dialog: I need my armor. Eudorus nods and rushes off.
146) 0) text: Eudorus helps Achilles prepare, clasping on his greaves.
147) 0) text: While his wife and child sleep, Hector clasps on his greaves. INTERCUT between Achilles and Hector, clamping on their breastplates, arm guards, helmets, etc.
149) 0) text: Achilles exits his tent, fully armed. Eudorus is behind him. The SOLDIERS are beginning to stir and they stop in their activity now and stare at him. Two MYRMIDONS tether a CHARIOT to a large black HORSE. The work finished, they step back as Achilles hops into the chariot. Eudorus attempts to hop on behind him.
149) 1) dialog: No. Eudorus looks at his commander for a second and backs away.
149) 2) dialog: (to the Myrmidons) Rope. A Myrmidon hands him a coil of braided ROPE and retreats. Briseis steps into view. Her eyes are shadowed from lack of sleep. She stares up at Achilles and he looks at her. She looks fragile today, her pale throat purpled with bruises.
151) 0) text: Achilles rides his chariot across the vast grassy field.
153) 0) text: Achilles stops one hundred yards from the walls. He steps from the chariot and walks toward Troy, helmet by his side.
155) 0) text: Achilles stands alone in the vast field. He looks up at the Trojan CITIZENS staring down at him.
155) 1) dialog: Hector! In the background, we see hundreds of GREEK SOLDIERS cres the high dunes. 139 140 126.
156) 1) dialog: Hector! Louder and louder, his voice echoing above the silent city.
156) 2) dialog: 
157) 0) text: Hector walks over to his father. Achilles keeps bellowing his name. Hector kneels before his father and kisses his hand.
160) 0) text: Hector walks toward Achilles. Everything is very quiet. The people on the walls are hushed. Even the birds seem reverent. Thousands and thousands of Greeks now line the high dunes making the valley an enormous amphitheater ringed with spectators from the dunes to the walls of Troy. Achilles stands motionless. The two men are alone on the great field. Hector stops twenty feet away from Achilles.
160) 3) dialog: There are no pacts between lions and men. Achilles tosses aside his helmet -- an insulting gesture, impugning Hector's combat skills.
160) 4) dialog: Now you know who you're fighting. Hector pauses a moment before removing his own helmet and tossing it aside.
160) 8) dialog: You gave him the honor of your sword. (beat) You won't have eyes tonight. You won't have ears, or a tongue. You'll wander the underworld, blind, deaf, and dumb. And all the dead will know: this is Hector, the fool who thought he killed Achilles. Achilles draws his sword. Hector draws his. They charge. We've seen extraordinary fighting before, but we've never seen this -- a prowess so extreme as to be hypnotic. Two better swordsmen have never clashed. All their lives, all their training and past battles, have led to this moment. Nothing is wasted. No flourishes or balletic leaps or spins. Every swing is a death blow countered. The rapidity of the exchange is breathless. The bronze blades hiss as they split the air. They swing with such power that sparks fly whenever a sword scrapes shield.
162) 0) text: Hector lunges forward and from our angle it appears that has skewered Achilles. Hector's face is inches from Achil Achilles appears unperturbed. Hector looks down. Achilles has trapped him, allowing Hector's sword to miss his side by inches and then clamping down on Hector's sword arm. Hector tries to yank his sword free but cannot. Achilles stabs at Hector's face and Hector ducks at the last moment, the sword point puncturing the air above his head. Achilles releases Hector and takes another mighty swing. 144 145 146 130.
164) 0) text: Achilles, sensing the advantage, moves in a step too close. Hector sees an opening and slashes. Achilles jumps back at the last possible moment, but Hector's blade gouges ou a long strip of bronze from Achilles' breastplate. Both men swing. Their swords lock and for a moment everything is still. Achilles' face is inches from Hector's. Hector is sweating and breathing heavily. Achilles is not. Achilles shoves Hector and relaunches his attack. While Hector still fights ably, he's clearly tiring. As Achilles' blows force Hector back, the prince steps on a rock, trips, and falls. Achilles stands above him.
164) 1) dialog: Get up, prince of Troy. I won't let a stone take my glory. Hector stands. He knows his energy is fading fast. So he spends everything on one last try. He charges, swinging with explosive fury, putting all his might into each blow When the barrage is finished and Hector pauses for a breath, he sees that Achilles, unhurt, has parried everything. Now Achilles bores in, swinging. Hector blocks and blocks, but doesn't have the stamina for a new assault. Achilles lunges. Hector raises his shield. The sword plunges through the seven layers of oxhide, plunges through the hammered bronze of the shield, the bronze of the breastplate, all the way into Hector's heart. Hector looks down at the blade. He looks at Achilles. There is no mercy or remorse on the man's face. Hector falls.
166) 0) text: Hector lies on his back. Achilles pulls out his bloody sword and walks to his chariot. Hector blinks. The sun, now high in the sky, is blinding. Hector stares into the sun and dies. Silence. Silence everywhere. No victory cry from the Greeks. Achilles returns in the chariot. He jumps out with the coil of rope. He ties Hector's ankles together, then ties the other end of the rope to the back of the chariot.
168) 0) text: Achilles whips his horse and the chariot starts rolling, dragging Hector through the grass. 150 151 152 153 154 132.
170) 0) text: Achilles rides his chariot over the crest of the dune. The Greek army parts like the Red Sea, solemn and silent.
171) 0) text: Achilles rides into camp. The Greek soldiers gather round to stare at Hector's body. Achilles doesn't look at anyone. He unties the rope and hauls Hector by hand across the sands. Odysseus stands nearby, amongst the men. A few of the soldiers laugh, seeing the Trojan prince laid low.
172) 0) text: Briseis kneels in the center of the tent, palms pressed together, eyes lowered in prayer. She opens her eyes and looks up when Achilles walks in. He looks more beast than man, splattered with Hector's blood. Briseis sees Achilles' face and knows what happened. For the first time her strength deserts her. She looks very young, very childlike as she begins to cry He regards her for a moment before going to his bedding and lying on his back. We stay on his face as Briseis weeps.
174) 0) text: Achilles, now clean, sits in the center of the tent, sharpening his sword. Briseis sits in a far corner. She's been crying for hours, her eyes red and swollen.
174) 3) dialog: It never ends. Briseis stares at him for a moment and leaves the tent. Achilles quits his sharpening. Now there is nothing but silence, nothing but a bronze sword for company.
176) 0) text: Achilles still sits alone, his eyes empty. He hears a rustling at the tent flap. An old man wearing a hooded robe steps inside. The old man pulls his hood down. It's Priam.
176) 1) dialog: Who are you? Priam seems physically hurt by the sight of Achilles. For a moment it seems he will collapse again. But he wills himself onward, walking to Achilles' chair. He sinks to his knees, takes Achilles' hands, and kisses them. Achilles observes all this with curiosity.
176) 3) dialog: Priam? (CONTINUED)
176) 6) dialog: How did you get in here, old king? The sentries --
176) 8) dialog: You're a brave man. If Agamemnon knew you were here, he'd have your head on a spit.
176) 11) dialog: He killed my cousin.
176) 17) dialog: If I let you walk out of here, if I let you take him, it doesn't change anything. You're still my enemy in the morning.
176) 19) dialog: I admire your courage, old man. You're a better king than the one leading this army. Meet me outside in a moment.
177) 0) text: Achilles, carrying a torch and a white shroud, walks to the spot where Hector's body lies. He crouches beside the dead prince. Death has not robbed Hector's face of its dignity. A small sand crab approaches the body and Achilles shoos it away. He shoves the butt end of the torch into the sand. (CONTINUED)
177) 3) dialog: We'll meet again soon.
179) 0) text: Achilles gently loads Hector's body, now wrapped in the shroud, onto a moonlit chariot. Priam walks to the chariot. Four Myrmidons, keeping a respectful distance, stand guard.
179) 1) dialog: Your son was the best I've fought. I want you to know that. (beat) In my country the funeral games last twelve days.
179) 3) dialog: Then no Greek will attack Troy for twelve days. The prince deserves that honor. Achilles, hearing footsteps, turns. Briseis emerges from the shadows. Priam is stunned.
179) 8) dialog: You'll be safe behind the Trojan walls. Achilles reaches into his tunic and pulls out the SHELL NECKLACE that Patroclus had worn. He fastens it around her delicate neck, where the purple bruises are still visible. He speaks quietly to her, too softly for Priam to hear.
179) 9) dialog: If I hurt you -- it's not what I wanted. (long beat) You gave me one night of peace in a lifetime of war. She stares up at him, her young face mapped with conflicting emotions. Finally, Achilles turns to Priam.
179) 10) dialog: Go. No one will stop you, you have my word. Priam gets in the chariot. Briseis still looks at Achilles.
184) 0) text: By torchlight, we see Greeks stripping planks from two burnt shells of warships. Others pry spikes out of the fortifications. Odysseus watches the men carry the planks and bundles of spikes to an ever-growing pile. Achilles approaches him.
184) 1) dialog: Wily Odysseus. You've found a way to make the sheep invite the wolves over for dinner.
184) 3) dialog: Agamemnon will kill them all. Men, women, children -- all of them. You know that. Achilles walks away. Odysseus follows him.
184) 8) dialog: I've always liked you. But if that girl dies because of your plan, you will never sail home to your wife. Achilles turns and leaves. Odysseus takes a deep breath.
185) 0) text: Achilles arrives at his tent and finds Eudorus polishing his armor. Eudorus jumps to his feet.
185) 1) dialog: Eudorus. (beat) Forgive me. Eudorus blinks. No one has ever heard these words from Achilles' mouth before.
185) 2) dialog: I should never have struck you. You've been a loyal friend all your life.
185) 4) dialog: Rouse the men. You're taking them home.
185) 6) dialog: I've got one more battle to fight. Eudorus hesitates, watching his lord. Finally:
185) 10) dialog: All that's left is the slaughter. I don't want to see my men fouled with children's blood. (beat) Go, Eudorus. This is the last order I give you. After a long pause, Eudorus bows deeply to his commander.
193) 0) text: The square is empty now, all the revelers gone home. The wood horse waits in the moonlight. We witness something strange: ropes, anchored inside the horse, fall to the ground. Soldiers emerge from the horse and slide silently down th ropes: Achilles, Odysseus and ten other Greek soldiers. None of them wear the bright, clanking bronze armor. Their swords and spears are wrapped in lambskins. Odysseus leads a team of Ithacans across the square. Quiet as shadows, they creep up on the sentries guarding the main gate. Another team moves toward the guard towers. Achilles stands alone in the dark square, watching his compatriots set off on their deadly missions. Finally he turns and moves in the opposite direction, toward the palace. He's on a different mission.
198) 2) dialog: runs through the burning city, keeping to the shadows.
201) 0) text: FAMILIES of terrified civilians stagger through the streets in their bedclothes. MOTHERS clutch their CHILDREN's hands. OLD WOMEN flee their burning buildings. The women scream when they see Achilles running toward them, sword drawn. But pillaging is the last thing on his mind.
209) 1) dialog: 
209) 3) dialog: Briseis -- where is she? (louder) Where is she?!
209) 5) dialog: Get him out of Troy. The Guard, stunned to find himself alive, finally runs. Achilles rushes into the palace.
215) 0) text: Achilles races through the palace, ignoring the fire and smoke, searching the faces of the terrified women he passes.
215) 1) dialog: Briseis! Briseis! 196 197 198 153.
217) 0) text: Achilles, running past the bodies of dead Trojans, looks through an archway and sees Briseis in Agamemnon's hands. He dashes outside.
219) 0) text: Paris, bow in hand, looks out an archway to the garden an sees Achilles -- the man who killed his brother -- splattered with blood, sword in hand, standing over Briseis.
220) 0) text: Achilles looks down at Agamemnon's corpse, lying in puddled blood a few feet away. He looks back to Briseis.
220) 1) dialog: Come with me. Before she can answer her eyes go wide. She sees Paris, in the upper garden, notching an arrow.
220) 2) dialog: Come. I'll protect you. Paris pulls back the catgut string. Briseis screams:
220) 11) dialog: No more. He reaches out and rubs the shells of her necklace.
220) 12) dialog: My mother made this necklace. (CONTINUED)
220) 15) dialog: You have to get out.
220) 17) dialog: Get out. She kisses his lips, running her fingers across his jaw.
220) 19) dialog: There's always a way out for the princes. Paris tries to lift Briseis to her feet but she refuses.
220) 20) dialog: Briseis. She leans closer. He's losing too much blood, his strength is fading, but he summons his remaining energy t speak.
220) 21) dialog: I chose this night... but you will see the sun again. I want you to live. Her face is full of sorrow and love. He touches her lips, his fingers trembling as his body fails. She kisses him.
220) 22) dialog: Live. She doesn't want to go but he pushes her gently away. Finally she nods.
221) 0) text: The Greeks are victorious. The beautiful city of Troy is a ruin. Trojan PRISONERS are led off in chains. Greek soldiers carry gold treasures from the lavish temples and palace. Funeral pyres fill the square. One pyre, taller than the rest, rises in the center of the square. Odysseus stands atop the highest pyre, staring down at the body of Achilles. For a long time Odysseus looks at the dead man's face. He knows the world will never see another Achilles. Finally he reaches inside his tunic, pulls out two coins, and places them over Achilles' eyes.