55) 0) text: Ajax's ship is one hundred yards from shore. Legendary AJAX (30) -- a huge man, brutally muscled, head shaved, face and body scarred -- stands in the prow, watching Achilles.
55) 1) dialog: Look at him, hogging all the glory. He walks over to his rowers, grabs an oarsmen on the fron bench under the armpits and tosses him away. Ajax sits, grabs the oar handle, and begins rowing maniacally, the veins in his massive arms bulging through the skin.
55) 2) dialog: Row, you lazy whores, row! Greeks are dying! The oarsmen redouble their efforts and the ship leaps ove the waves toward the shore.
56) 0) text: Hector and the Apollonian Guards rein in their horses ato the dunes. Hector sees Ajax's ship plowing into the beach. Hundreds of other ships are close behind.
57) 0) text: The Trojan archers rain arrows down on Ajax's ship. Several flaming arrows catch in the hull and begin to burn.
60) 0) text: Ajax and his men rappel down the ship's hull while arrows rip into wood and flesh. Ajax carries a giant battle-axe and a shield twice the size of most men's. When he reaches the surf he doesn't wait for his men; he roars and charges at the archers in the dunes.
64) 0) text: An arrow sticks out of Ajax's leg but he doesn't seem to notice it. He bulls forward, giant shield held in front, and slams into the Trojan ranks. Where Achilles is all grace and speed, Ajax is brute force. Parrying his blows is useless: his battle axe splits bronze shields, bronze swords, bronze helmets. The sound of his axe carving through a breastplate and th man beneath the breastplate is like nothing else on earth As Ajax drops another Trojan, he lifts his ax to the heavens.
64) 1) dialog: I am Ajax, breaker of stones, widow-maker of Salamis! Look upon me, Trojans, and despair! The Apollonians join the fight against the Greeks. The Guards are far better than the archers at hand-to-hand combat. 63 64 55.
71) 0) text: Soldiers tug more and more ships onto the sand. From the landed ships, primitive cranes are already beginning to lower boxes of provisions, military materiel, and horses. Achilles walks across the beach, carrying his helmet, accepting the congratulations of the troops. Ajax, shirtless, strides over.
71) 1) dialog: Achilles! Achilles halts. For a moment there seems to be tension in the air. Everyone watches. Ajax gives Achilles a bear hug.
71) 2) dialog: You're as fearless as a god.
71) 4) dialog: I'm honored to go to war with you. Achilles nods and grips the big man's thick arm. (CONTINUED)
74) 0) text: The largest tent on the beach, Agamemnon's command quarters are a lush affair, decorated with the spoils of dozen wars. Several AIDES-DE-CAMP bustle in and out on various errands. The Greek kings are here: Odysseus, Ajax, Menelaus, etc. Agamemnon sits on a heavy wood throne, garishly inlaid with gold, mother-of-pearl, and precious stones. Triopas, king of Thessaly, kneels before Agamemnon.
92) 0) text: The Greek army halts just beyond arrow range. A delegation of kings -- Agamemnon, Nestor, Menelaus, Odysseus, and Ajax -- on CHARIOTS proceeds to the center of the battlefield. Odysseus looks over his shoulder and then yells to Ajax.
96) 0) text: Ajax and Odysseus, standing together, watch the bloodied prince. Ajax looks disgusted, Odysseus amused.
96) 1) dialog: This is the prince of Troy? In Salamis, the women fight better.
112) 4) dialog: So you're the best of the Trojans? Hector, looking for an opening in the brute's defenses, says nothing. Ajax charges, swinging his battle axe. Hector ducks below the axe and lunges forward with his sword, but Ajax -- quick despite his size -- sidesteps, grabs the smaller man in a bear hug and squeezes. Hector turns red. The sword falls from Hector's hand. Ajax grins. Hector slams his helmeted head forward, butting Ajax in the face. Ajax staggers back, blood spraying from his nose, his axe falling to the ground. Hector struggles to regain his equilibrium. Ajax growls and launches himself at the prince. Hector snatches a spear off the ground and positions it just as Ajax dives at him. The spear pierces Ajax's armor, driving through his belly and out his back. Hector holds the shaft steady. Ajax stares down at his wound. He seems more irritated than anything else. Ajax places his two big hands on the spear shaft, right where the spear enters his body. He breaks the spear in two, snapping the solid wood like a twig. Half a spear still sticking out his back, Ajax swings the shaft, clobbering Hector in the side of the head, sending the horsehair-plumed helmet flying. (CONTINUED)
113) 0) text: Patroclus and the Myrmidons watch Ajax fall with disbelief. Achilles cannot bear to watch any longer. He walks away. None of his men dare look at him.
118) 0) text: Thousands of BODIES litter the broad field. We see them first from high above, their bronze armor gleaming in the failing sunlight. CLOSE on several of the dead men's faces. The living haul the dead from the battlefield. HORSES are used to pull wagonloads of bodies. Fathers or sons or brothers or friends say their goodbyes and wash the dead men with washcloths and buckets of water. The sun sinks into the ocean. Both sides build funeral pyres for their fallen. When a body is loaded onto the pyre, a relative or friend places two COINS on the dead man's eyes. Dozens of SALAMISIANS view Ajax's body. They weep as they pass by, each man kneeling to kiss their fallen king's hand.