29) 0) text: BRISEIS, a seventeen-year-old girl with an aristocratic demeanor, wearing the white robes of a temple acolyte, approaches the royal family. Paris smiles when he sees her.
29) 5) dialog: Uncle. Priam laughs and kisses the girl's forehead. He takes three goblets of wine from a SERVANT holding a silver platter and hands them to Hector and Paris, keeping one for himself.
72) 0) text: No rugs have been laid down yet, so loot from the temple has been stacked on the sand: gold chalices, black amphorae, woven tapestries, goatskins filled with sacred wine. But Achilles does not look at this plunder. Bound by the wrists to the center pole of the tent is Briseis, dressed in her white robes. Terrified but trying to retain her composure, she returns Achilles' stare. Robes torn, hair disheveled, bleeding from the lip: she still possesses her innate dignity and strength. Something changes in Achilles' eyes when he looks at her. (CONTINUED)
72) 7) dialog: You killed Apollo's priests.
72) 9) dialog: Then your men did. (beat) The Sun God will have his vengeance. Achilles removes his bronze grieves.
72) 11) dialog: The right time to strike. (CONTINUED)
72) 15) dialog: Afraid? Apollo is master of the sun. He fears nothing. Achilles nods and looks around the dark tent.
72) 17) dialog: You're nothing but a killer. You don't know anything about the gods.
72) 20) dialog: Briseis. (CONTINUED)
72) 24) dialog: Should I be?
74) 28) dialog: Stop! Everyone stops and looks at the girl. Despite her torn robes, her noble bearing and authoritative tone command respect.
74) 29) dialog: Too many people have died today. She looks at the various men in the room and finally addresses Achilles.
74) 30) dialog: If killing is your only talent, that's your curse. But I don't want anyone dying for me. Everyone is quiet until Agamemnon laughs.
123) 0) text: A band of battle-weary, drunken SOLDIERS stand by a campfire. They're exhausted, caked with dirt and their comrades! blood. They shove Briseis back and forth between them. Each man she bounces into tears off a strip of her robes, which ar now filthy rags barely covering her body. Her face seems to have shut down. She has a bruise below one eye and her hair is wet with wine. The soldiers stare at her with a mix of hostility and lust.
124) 0) text: Eudorus and Patroclus are waiting when Achilles and Briseis get to the tent.
125) 0) text: Achilles sits near Briseis, watching her. She's clean now, dressed in a new robe -- a man's robe, far too big for her. Platters of fruit and roasted meats sit near her, along with pitchers of wine and water. Briseis doesn't touch any of it.
125) 3) dialog: What do you think? (CONTINUED)
125) 8) dialog: To fight back when people attack me? A dog has that kind of courage.
125) 10) dialog: Why did you choose this life?
125) 12) dialog: This... to be a great warrior.
125) 14) dialog: But you must enjoy it.
125) 16) dialog: But you're not a scorpion. You're @ man.
125) 18) dialog: Do you enjoy provoking me?
125) 24) dialog: Of course.
125) 26) dialog: All the gods are to be feared and respected. For a long beat they are silent, staring at each other. The air between them is charged with more than mere contention.
125) 27) dialog: What do you want here in Troy? You didn't come for the Spartan queen.
125) 33) dialog: I thought you were a dumb brute. She looks into Achilles' eyes.
125) 34) dialog: I could have forgiven a dumb brute. EXT. BEACH - NIGHT lil It's quiet now. Only a few campfires burn under a full moon.
126) 0) text: Achilles lies on his back on a deer skin, sleeping. Briseis kneels beside him. In the candlelight we see the glint of a bronze blade. She holds the knife near his throat. Achilles open his eyes.
126) 3) dialog: Aren't you afraid? (CONTINUED)
126) 7) dialog: You'll kill more men if I don't kill you.
126) 9) dialog: May Apollo forgive me. Achilles pulls her closer and they kiss. He slowly slides the robe off her shoulders. Briseis -- eyes closed, lips parted -- trembles as Achilles unveils her. For a moment she hesitates but soon hesitation evaporates and she presses her body against his, kissing his throat, his chest, his hands. Their hunger for each other is stronger than gods and nations.
128) 0) text: Achilles watches Briseis sleep. She looks very young and fragile, her face bruised, her eyelids fluttering as she dreams. Achilles watches her with great tenderness. Eudorus opens the tent flap. Sunlight streams in. Achilles puts a finger over his mouth. Eudorus sees Briseis and nods. Achilles gently pulls the blanket over her naked shoulders. He stands and exits.
132) 0) text: Briseis sits in the cabin watching Achilles tie a hammock to a peg. Something has changed between them. She looks at him with undisguised tenderness.
132) 1) dialog: Am I still your captive?
132) 3) dialog: In Troy, guests can leave whenever they want.
132) 7) dialog: Larissa. Is that where you're from? (beat) It's a pretty name. (CONTINUED)
132) 11) dialog: (sincere) She speaks with the gods?
132) 13) dialog: And you chose Troy.
140) 21) dialog: Don't! With his free hand Achilles grabs her throat. She claws at his wrist. Her feet spasm and kick inches off the ground. (CONTINUED)
144) 0) text: Achilles, still standing in the same place, watches the remaining wood of the pyre collapse. He walks to his tent. On the way he passes Briseis. She has fallen asleep on the sand. He sees the bruises on her throat where his hand throttle her. As usual, the expression on his face is unreadable. He stares at her for another moment and walks away.
149) 3) dialog: Don't go. Achilles watches her in silence.
149) 4) dialog: Hector is my cousin. He's a good man. (beat) Take me to Larissa with you. But don't fight him. Please don't fight him. (beat) We could have a life together, but not if you choose this path. (beat) You can walk away from war. We can walk away. Achilles gazes at her, considering her words. (CONTINUED)
172) 0) text: Briseis kneels in the center of the tent, palms pressed together, eyes lowered in prayer. She opens her eyes and looks up when Achilles walks in. He looks more beast than man, splattered with Hector's blood. Briseis sees Achilles' face and knows what happened. For the first time her strength deserts her. She looks very young, very childlike as she begins to cry He regards her for a moment before going to his bedding and lying on his back. We stay on his face as Briseis weeps.
174) 0) text: Achilles, now clean, sits in the center of the tent, sharpening his sword. Briseis sits in a far corner. She's been crying for hours, her eyes red and swollen.
174) 1) dialog: You lost your cousin. And now you've taken mine. Achilles looks up at her.
174) 2) dialog: When does it end? Achilles continues sharpening his sword.
175) 0) text: Briseis sits on the beach, facing the moonlit sea.
197) 0) text: Briseis leans against a balustrade, staring toward the beach. She wears a blue robe and the seashell necklace. She hears NOISES from the city gates and turns. On a flagpole above the highest guard tower, the Trojan flag i burning.
202) 0) text: Briseis hurries through the hallways. Outside, past the archways, the white buildings of Troy are on fire. We hear the screaming of a dying city.
208) 0) text: Briseis runs down a long corridor. We hear cries from the massacre outside.
208) 1) dialog: Paris? Andromache? She stops mid-stride. A riderless WHITE HORSE rounds the corner and bolts toward her, eyes crazed, muzzled foamed with spittle. Briseis backs against the wall. The terrified horse gallops past her.
209) 2) dialog: Achilles scales the high wall surrounding the palace and jumps to the other side. He's spotted by an Apollonian. The Guard charges. Achilles cracks him in the face with the hilt of his sword. The Guard falls. Achilles grabs him and hauls him to his feet, sword at his throat.
214) 0) text: Briseis runs into the garden, looking for a friendly face No one's in sight. She runs to the lower garden. She doesn't notice Agamemnon, stained with Priam's blood, standing in an archway of the burning palace, watching her.
216) 0) text: Briseis kneels by Apollo's statue, ignoring the inferno around her.
216) 3) dialog: They did.
217) 0) text: Achilles, running past the bodies of dead Trojans, looks through an archway and sees Briseis in Agamemnon's hands. He dashes outside.
219) 0) text: Paris, bow in hand, looks out an archway to the garden an sees Achilles -- the man who killed his brother -- splattered with blood, sword in hand, standing over Briseis.
220) 0) text: Achilles looks down at Agamemnon's corpse, lying in puddled blood a few feet away. He looks back to Briseis.
220) 3) dialog: No! Paris fires. Briseis's scream distracts him -- the arrow sails off course, hitting Achilles above his heel, tearin through the tendon. Achilles staggers, turns, and sees Paris. Achilles snarls and heads for him. Paris shoots again. Achilles tries to dodge but the torn tendon in his heel slows him down. The arrow rips through his side. Achilles keeps limping forward.
220) 4) dialog: Stop! Paris! Stop! (CONTINUED)
220) 7) dialog: Stop! Achilles keeps coming. Paris reaches for another arrow. His quiver is empty. Aeneas has his sword. The palace around them is burning, lighting their faces. Blood pours from Achilles' wounds. The arrow shafts stick out of him. Any other man would have already fallen. But he keeps coming, relentless, his face a mask of grim purpose. Briseis runs in front of her cousin Paris and shields him with her body. Achilles lifts his bloody sword.
220) 8) dialog: No more. Briseis does not move. For several seconds the great warrior and the young girl stare at each other.
220) 9) dialog: No more killing. Achilles looks at the seashell necklace she wears.
220) 10) dialog: No more. Achilles raises his sword and brings it down hard, buryin its bronze blade in the soil of the garden.
220) 16) dialog: Shh.
220) 18) dialog: There's no way out. Achilles stares at Paris.
220) 23) dialog: Because of you. (CONTINUED)
222) 0) text: A small band of Trojans marches east toward the rising sun. Helen and Paris, Andromache and Scamandrius, Aeneas and the others -- alive. They walk toward Mount Ida. Briseis walks behind the others. She stops for a moment and looks back toward the ruins of Troy. (CONTINUED)