79) 0) text: Priam stands by the room's open archway. Beyond the city he sees his beach occupied by the tremendous Greek force. Hector, Paris, and several of Troy's leading GENERALS, ARISTOCRATS and PRIESTS sit around the long table. One of the generals, GLAUCUS (60), pounds the table with his fist.
79) 1) dialog: If they want a war, we'll give them awar. I'd match the best of Troy against the best of Greece any day. VELIOR (40), a big-bellied nobleman, shakes his head.
79) 3) dialog: So what do you suggest, we surrender the city, let the Greeks slaughter our men and rape our wives? Velior looks at Paris until the prince returns his gaze.
79) 9) dialog: Our walls have never been breached. Our archers are the best in the world. And we have Hector. His men would fight the shades of Tartarus if he commanded. We can win. ARCHEPTOLEMUS (65), High Priest of Troy, wearing a long white robe embroidered with gold thread, now raises his voice.
79) 19) dialog: Does he have a chance? Everyone looks at Hector, who meditates before answering.
87) 0) text: Below the walls, on the broad field that stretches down from the city gates, the TROJAN ARMY has amassed. In the front, Hector and General Glaucus sit astride their horses. The soldiers are disciplined and well-outfitted, arranged in tight formation. Paris rides out to join Hector. Hector examines Paris's face.
107) 0) text: GLAUCUS the Trojan general, sees that the princes have gained some distance from their pursuers. He calls to an OFFICER standing on the city wall.
107) 1) dialog: 
109) 1) dialog: Now! One thousand bronze-tipped arrows soar into the air, a deadly swarm of hornets that rises toward the clouds before descending on the charging Greeks. (CONTINUED)
110) 0) text: HECTOR AND PARIS have reached the city walls, where Glaucus and the army wait for them. Hector grabs Paris's arm.
130) 0) text: The notables we've seen in this room before -- Priam, Hector, Glaucus, Velior, Archeptolemus -- are gathered again.
130) 9) dialog: Their morale is battered. Hit them now, hit them hard, and they will run.
138) 0) text: But now the glorious bronzed figure of Achilles leaps ove the trench, sunlight reflecting off his polished armor. He raises his sword to the sky. A great, violent ROAR rises from the Greek army. When he runs toward the Trojans the Greeks jump from their positions and follow. The two armies collide. Unlike the grassy field the men fought on yesterday, today's battle takes place on the sand, and sand is everywhere. Horse hooves kick up clouds of sand. Men struggle for footing in the loose sand. Red blood puddles on the yellow sand. But much more is different than the terrain. Now the Greeks have a leader. The Myrmidons are at the forefront, battling with a ferocity most Trojans have never seen before. A Trojan OFFICER, spear raised, gallops toward the figure of Achilles. Before the Trojan can throw, Eudorus hurls his spear, catching the officer in the neck. The man goes down. Odysseus, immersed in combat, sees this. He hesitates for a moment and in his distraction is nearly cut down by an axe-wielding Trojan. They fight. After Odysseus dispatches the man, he looks back toward the glittering figure of Achilles. Something's making him uneasy. A Trojan swings his sword at the shining warrior, narrowl missing a clean decapitation. The Greek hero thrusts his spear and guts the Trojan. The Myrmidons surge forward, hacking their way through th Trojans. The Greek army steadily pushes the Trojans back, picking up more and more momentum. Now it is the Trojans who seem frightened, unsure where the Greeks found this intense spirit. Glaucus, the Trojan general, on horseback, shouts to Hector.
138) 1) dialog: The gods are with them today! We should fall back! Hector, fighting, does not answer. (CONTINUED)
157) 5) dialog: Apollo guard you, my prince. Hector claps the general's shoulder and keeps walking. He stops beside Paris. They embrace.
169) 0) text: Priam's legs give out. Glaucus and Paris catch him before he falls and carry him toward the shade beneath the blue canopy.
187) 0) text: Priam, Paris, Glaucus, Archeptolemus, and Velior, all on horseback, lead the Apollonian Guard onto the beach. The soldiers -- still wary of an ambush -- surround their leaders, protecting them from attack. The Trojan leaders dismount. Slowly they approach a WOODEN HORSE standing forty feet high. (CONTINUED)
187) 4) dialog: Don't get too close, my king.
187) 7) dialog: They thought they'd come here and sack our city in a day. And look at them now, fleeing across the Aegean. Priam stares up at the great horse.
187) 10) dialog: I hope the Sea God spits on their offering and lets them all drown at the bottom of the sea.
187) 16) dialog: The prince is right. I'd burn all of Greece if I had a big enough torch.
211) 0) text: Outside we hear the screams and battle cries. Glaucus stands with fifty of his men, the last line of defense. He walks through their ranks, clasping hands with each man.
211) 1) dialog: You men are soldiers. Leading you has been an honor. Paris runs into the hall. Glaucus smiles and clasps hands with the prince. Glaucus addresses the men.
211) 2) dialog: The boatman is waiting for us. I say, let him wait a little longer! The men roar as the Greeks spill into the reception hall.