8) 7) dialog: Peace between Troy and Sparta. (CONTINUED)
8) 13) dialog: Never again, I hope.
8) 15) dialog: Achilles.
8) 20) dialog: Thank you. My wife waits for me in Troy.
8) 23) dialog: You make excellent wine in Sparta. Menelaus laughs and drinks with Hector. Paris excuses himself from the Spartan generals he's been speaking with and heads outside -- in the same direction as Helen. Hector watches with mounting agitation.
10) 0) text: As more and more wine gourds are emptied, the scene grows rowdier. An impromptu choir of Spartan and Trojan soldiers drunkenly sing battle songs. Polydora sits on Menelaus's lap. She whispers in his ear while he laughs and drains another cup of wine. Bits of roasted boar fleck his thick red beard. Hector sits nearby, half engaged in conversation with several Spartan generals. He's clearly not happy that his brother's still missing. INT. HELEN'S CHAMBER - NIGHT (LATER) il Helen lies naked on her bed. In the candlelight her flanks are mapped with copper trails of sweat. She watches Paris, who stands bedside pulling on his clothes.
11) 0) text: A group of TROJAN SOLDIERS lies on goatskins and furs around a bonfire built in the middle of the courtyard. Some sleep; some continue to drink and sing old Trojan songs. Hector stands by the fire, conferring with TECTON (30), a bull-necked captain of the elite Apollonian Guard.
11) 1) dialog: Make the proper offerings to Poseidon before we sail. We don't need any more widows in Troy.
11) 3) dialog: Which does the Sea God prefer? (CONTINUED)
11) 7) dialog: Paris! Paris turns, smiles and waves, acting as if he hadn't see Hector before. He ambles over to join his brother.
11) 8) dialog: You should get to bed. We won't sleep on land again for weeks.
11) 10) dialog: And who sang lullabies to you tonight? Paris freezes for a moment but quickly regains his poise.
11) 12) dialog: I hope you didn't let the fisherman catch you.
11) 14) dialog: You do understand why we're in Sparta?
11) 18) dialog: And you do understand that Menelaus, King of Sparta, is a powerful man? And that his brother, Agamemnon, King of Mycenae, commands all the Greek forces?
11) 20) dialog: Paris. You're my brother, and I love you. But if you do anything to endanger Troy I'll rip your pretty face from your pretty skull. He kisses Paris on the forehead.
11) 21) dialog: Get some sleep. We sail in the morning. Paris, a bit shocked by the encounter, stumbles away.
13) 0) text: The winds are strong. Nobody needs to row. SAILORS tend the sails or play dice. Hector stands in the bow, leaning against the rail, whittling a WOODEN LION. Paris joins him.
13) 4) dialog: Sometimes the gods bless you in the morning and curse you in the afternoon. Paris watches his brother work the wood. When Paris speaks again his tone is more sober than we've heard it before.
13) 6) dialog: What have you done now?
14) 2) dialog: Open the door. Paris opens the door. Helen, wearing a hooded robe, sits on the edge of a hammock, swinging slightly. She stands. Hector stares at her in disbelief. He turns and glares at Paris.
14) 3) dialog: If you weren't my brother I'd kill you where you stand.
17) 0) text: Hector walks quickly toward the stern, Paris right behind him. The PILOT mans the rudder.
17) 1) dialog: (to pilot) Turn us around. Back to Sparta.
17) 3) dialog: You fool.
17) 5) dialog: Do you know what you've done? Do you know how many years our father worked for peace? How many brothers and cousins he lost on the battlefield?
17) 7) dialog: Say another word and I'll break your arm. This is all a game for you, isn't it? (MORE) (CONTINUED)
17) 10) dialog: You roam from town to town, bedding merchants' wives and temple maids - - you think you know something about love? What about your father's love? You spat on him when you brought her on this ship. What about love of your country? You'd let Troy burn for this woman. Paris starts to speak but Hector raises a warning finger.
17) 11) dialog: I won't let you start a war for her.
17) 13) dialog: To Sparta? They'll kill you.
17) 15) dialog: That sounds heroic to you, doesn't it? To die fighting. Tell me, little brother, have you ever killed a man?
17) 17) dialog: Have you ever even seen a man die in combat?
17) 21) dialog: I've killed men, brother. I've watched them dying, I've heard them dying, I've smelled them dying. (beat) There's nothing glorious about it, nothing poetic. You think you want to die for love, but you know nothing about dying. You know nothing about love.
17) 24) dialog: You already have. For a long time Hector is silent. Finally he turns to the pilot, who awaits the prince's command.
17) 25) dialog: To Troy. Hector walks away from his brother.
27) 0) text: Hector, Paris, Helen, and an entourage of SOLDIERS walk through the gates of Troy. The city is magnificent, a wonder of white-washed walls, lush gardens, and towering STATUES of the gods. ZEUS, APOLLO, APHRODITE, and POSEIDON stand eighty feet high in the four corners of the main square. The princes' return is a holiday for the Trojans. Thousands of ONLOOKERS line the road, cheering. Other well-wishers, standing on the roofs of houses, throw flower petals. Paris holds Helen's hand and occasionally whispers in her ear, pointing out various sights, but Helen looks nervous People in the crowd, mystified by her appearance, point a her and whisper amongst themselves. Helen holds her head high and pretends to ignore the murmurs and stares. Hector looks at her. She carries herself like a queen -- but she's gripping Paris's hand with white knuckles.
28) 3) dialog: He has a good grip.
29) 2) dialog: Did you miss me, little swan? Briseis nods. Hector pinches the sleeve of her robe.
29) 3) dialog: A servant of Apollo now?
30) 4) dialog: If I'd let him fight Menelaus for her, you'd be burning a son's body instead of welcoming a daughter. Priam closes his eyes at these words.
30) 6) dialog: You know Menelaus. He'd spear your envoys! heads to his gate.
30) 8) dialog: Put her on a ship and send her home. Priam thinks for a moment, staring out at his city.
30) 10) dialog: This is my country. These are my countrymen. I don't want to see them suffer so my brother can have his prize. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
30) 15) dialog: (beat) It's not just the Spartans coming after her. By now Menelaus has gone to Agamemnon, and Agamemnon's wanted to destroy us for years. Once we're out of the way he controls the seas.
30) 17) dialog: Father. (beat) We can't win this war.
30) 19) dialog: How many battalions does the Sun God command?
30) 26) dialog: Forgive me, father. But you won't be the one fighting. He bows and leaves the old king alone in the great hall.
34) 0) text: Hector sits on a rug by his bed, beside his wife Andromache, watching his son. The boy plays with the WOOD LION Hector carved on the journey back from Sparta. (CONTINUED)
43) 0) text: The cavernous building is crowded with armaments: racks and racks of spears, swords, breastplates, and shields. Hector watches as hundreds of male CITIZENS rush into the armory and are issued weapons by TROJAN SOLDIERS. The faces of the men reflect fear, excitement, and resolve. Tecton approaches the prince and bows.
43) 1) dialog: The Apollonian Guard?
43) 3) dialog: Good. Hector grabs the captain, LYSANDER, overseeing arms distribution.
43) 4) dialog: How long before the army is ready?
43) 6) dialog: How long? (CONTINUED)
43) 10) dialog: Make it sooner. We've never seen the prince in martial mode before. He looks different: eyes harder, mouth set and unsmiling.
43) 11) dialog: I want patrols to scour the countryside. Check every home, every pasture. I want every Trojan brought inside the walls. If they can't walk, carry them. Lysander bows his head. Hector walks swiftly away, followed by Tecton. Lysander and the other Trojans watch their prince with silent respect. There is no doubt who leads the city.
45) 0) text: Hector and Tecton gallop through the gate. They rein in their horses and look over the elite Apollonian Guard, eighty of Troy's finest soldiers, riding well-groomed, snorting mounts. When Hector speaks his voice is clear and steady.
45) 1) dialog: All my life I've lived by a code, and the code is simple. (beat) Honor the gods. (beat) Love your woman. (beat) And defend your country. The men roar.
45) 2) dialog: Troy is mother to us all. Fight for her! The men roar and thrust their spears into the air. Hector leads the charge to the beach.
52) 0) text: Hector and his men near the high dunes, galloping at breakneck speed.
56) 0) text: Hector and the Apollonian Guards rein in their horses ato the dunes. Hector sees Ajax's ship plowing into the beach. Hundreds of other ships are close behind.
58) 2) dialog: They're trying to take the temple.
58) 4) dialog: (to an Apollonian officer) The archers need help. Burn as many ships as you can, but don't sacrifice yourself. Bring the men back to the city. The OFFICER bows and leads 60 Guards to the fortifications.
58) 5) dialog: (to Tecton) Follow me. He gallops toward the temple, Tecton and his men behind him.
62) 0) text: Hector and Tecton rein in their horses.
63) 0) text: Achilles gazes at the sky as if waiting for the sun to blast him for blasphemy. Nothing happens. Hearing hoofbeats, Achilles turns and spots Hector and hi men, two hundred yards away.
65) 0) text: Hector and his men enter the temple. Eyes adjusting to the gloomy light, they gingerly advance. All is quiet. Evidence of looting is everywhere. At the back of the temple, stairs lead up to the altar room. Hector walks toward the stairs. Blood trickles down the steps. Hector raises his eyes. Achilles stands atop the staircase, both hands wrapped around the hilt of his sword, the sword point resting on the top step. He stares down at Hector. WAR CRIES explode through the temple. The Myrmidons burst from their hiding places and rush the Trojans. Hector is an obvious target. Two Myrmidons charge him, their spears leveled. If Achilles is the apotheosis of martial grace, Hector is something altogether different -- a man of ordinary gifts who has become an extraordinary warrior by dint of experience, endless training, and powerful intelligence. As the Myrmidons charge he waits. At the last moment he swings his sword, slicing both spearheads from their shafts. The Myrmidons stare at their decapitated spears. Hector doesn't give them a chance to recover. He pounces, sword flashing, and both men fall to the temple floor. Achilles watches from the top step. Hector begins running up the stairs. Achilles disappears inside the altar room. Another Myrmidon bounds up the stairs after Hector. The prince wheels about and kicks the Myrmidon in the breastplate. The soldier tumbles down the steps. Hector continues up the stairs.
67) 0) text: Hector finds the bodies of two PRIESTS. They lie on the stone floor, limbs splayed, throats slit. Sitting atop the altar, half-hidden by the shadows, is Achilles. He's a terrible sight to behold, splattered with blood, his bronze sword still dripping.
67) 3) dialog: These priests weren't armed. Hector closes the eyes of the murdered priests. Achilles jumps down from the altar and looks at the bodies.
67) 5) dialog: Honor? (spits) Children and fools fight for honor. I fight for my country. Hector charges. Achilles dances back, staying just out of reach. Achilles looks relaxed, almost playful.
67) 6) dialog: Fight me.
68) 1) dialog: Why did you come here? Achilles gestures at the invading flotilla.
68) 3) dialog: In a thousand years even the dust from our bones will be gone.
68) 7) dialog: You speak of war as if it's a game. But how many wives wait at Troy's gate for husbands they'll never see again?
69) 0) text: Thousands of Greek soldiers on the beach watch as the Trojans retreat, many of the archers riding behind their Apollonian saviors. Hector mounts his horse and rides back toward the city. When the Greeks see Achilles climbing onto the temple's roof they stare in awe, silent. Achilles raises his bloodied bronze sword toward the sun. The CLAMOR that erupts from the beach is deafening. Thousands of men cheering and yelling his name: Achilles! Achilles!
79) 0) text: Priam stands by the room's open archway. Beyond the city he sees his beach occupied by the tremendous Greek force. Hector, Paris, and several of Troy's leading GENERALS, ARISTOCRATS and PRIESTS sit around the long table. One of the generals, GLAUCUS (60), pounds the table with his fist.
79) 11) dialog: Bird signs! You want to plan our strategy based on bird signs?
79) 13) dialog: And I'm a servant of Troy. (beat) I've always honored the gods, father. You know that. But today I fought with a Greek who desecrated the statue of Apollo. Apollo didn't strike the man down. (beat) The gods won't fight this war for us. (CONTINUED)
79) 20) dialog: I want our army outside the gate in the morning. Agamemnon won't let this war end with a duel.
81) 0) text: Hector sits on the bed beside Andromache, who nurses thei baby boy. (CONTINUED)
81) 3) dialog: He has no idea what's happening.
81) 5) dialog: The man who killed Tecton outside Apollo's temple -- I've never seen a spear thrown like that. An impossible throw. A long beat until Andromache breaks the silence.
81) 7) dialog: Are you sure? She nods, swallows hard, and closes her eyes. After a moment Hector, his eyes full of sorrow, runs his hand through her long hair.
81) 8) dialog: I need to see my brother.
81) 10) dialog: I need to speak with him.
81) 12) dialog: You think I want to fight, my love? I want to see my son grow tall. I want to see the girls chasing after him.
81) 16) dialog: He's much more handsome than I ever was. For a moment they sit quietly, watching their son.
82) 0) text: As Hector walks to Paris's room, he spies someone in a dark cloak sneaking down the candle-lit hallway -- an assassin?
82) 1) dialog: Wait! The cloaked figure looks back and then runs. Hector chases. The fugitive runs through the archway at the end of the corridor and into the garden.
83) 0) text: Hector runs into the garden. He's far faster. He seizes his quarry and pulls aside the fugitive's cowl. It's Helen.
83) 1) dialog: Helen? By the light of the moon he examines her face. The stress of recent weeks has taken its toll, but the shadows beneath her eyes make her face more compelling than ever. Embarrassed by the awkwardness of their position, Hector stands and helps Helen to her feet.
83) 2) dialog: What are you doing out -- (CONTINUED)
83) 6) dialog: Where? Helen struggles against Hector's grip, but it's useless.
83) 8) dialog: Shh. Shh.
83) 10) dialog: No.
83) 14) dialog: No. You're not. (CONTINUED)
83) 18) dialog: It's too late for that. You think Agamemnon cares about his brother's marriage? This is about power. Not love.
83) 20) dialog: Yes.
83) 23) dialog: It's his decision.
83) 25) dialog: You're a princess of Troy. And my brother needs you tonight. Helen stares at Hector in wonder. The words seem to bolster her spirit, and she smiles though her eyes are still wet. She nods, touches his arm and goes back to the palace.
87) 0) text: Below the walls, on the broad field that stretches down from the city gates, the TROJAN ARMY has amassed. In the front, Hector and General Glaucus sit astride their horses. The soldiers are disciplined and well-outfitted, arranged in tight formation. Paris rides out to join Hector. Hector examines Paris's face.
87) 1) dialog: Are you sure you want to do this?
93) 0) text: Hector and Paris spur their horses and canter out to meet the Greeks. The brothers speak without looking at each other.
93) 1) dialog: Menelaus is a bull. He'll charge you. Paris nods.
93) 2) dialog: He's stronger than you, so try not to fight him up close. Keep your distance. Use your quickness. Paris leans over and tries to spit, but his mouth is too dry.
93) 3) dialog: Brother? Paris, his face ashen, looks at Hector.
93) 4) dialog: You don't have to do this. (CONTINUED)
95) 0) text: Hector and Paris ride up to the Greek kings. Menelaus stares at Paris, his fingers tapping the hilt of his sword. Paris does not make eye contact. The kings step down from their chariots and the Trojan princes dismount from their horses. Both armies are lined up several hundred yards apart. Agamemnon surveys the Trojan army.
95) 2) dialog: You come here uninvited. Go back to your ships. Go home.
95) 14) dialog: You want me to look upon your army and tremble. Well, I see them. I see fifty thousand men brought here to fight for one man's greed.
95) 16) dialog: I've seen the limits of your mercy. And I tell you now that no son of Troy will ever submit to a foreign ruler.
95) 27) dialog: He doesn't have the stamina he once did. Make him swing and miss. He'll tire. Paris nods. He turns toward Menelaus but quickly turns back and grabs Hector's arm.
95) 30) dialog: I will.
95) 32) dialog: Think about your sword and his sword. Nothing else. (CONTINUED)
95) 38) text: It's difficult to see from inside your bronze helmet. Your peripheral vision is severely restricted, and the nose guard bisects your vision. Your breathing sounds amplified, impossibly loud and half panicked. But there's no turning back. Menelaus stands in the center of the vast battlefield, patient and menacing, carving the air with lazy strokes of his sword. You look back and see Hector. Hector nods, trying to encourage you, but he looks worried. Behind Hector is the Trojan army, twenty-five thousand silent men. Behind the army is the city of Troy. Atop those walls, beneath that blue canopy, your father is watching, and th woman you love. You turn back to Menelaus. He's smiling at you.
95) 40) dialog: (under his breath) Get up. Get up.
101) 0) text: Paris runs to Hector, gasping for breath, the blood pouring down his face and leg. He falls to his knees before his older brother. Hector stares at Paris and then at Menelaus, who has stopped seven feet from the princes.
103) 0) text: HECTOR looks from his brother to the enraged Menelaus.
103) 3) dialog: Paris. Paris shakes his head, blood dripping from his nose.
103) 5) dialog: (to Menelaus) The fight is over.
103) 8) dialog: He's my brother. Menelaus charges, sword raised overhead. In one motion Hector draws his own sword and plunges the point through Menelaus's breastplate. Menelaus's momentum carries him forward, until his breastplate touches the hilt of Hector's sword. (CONTINUED)
104) 0) text: AGAMEMNON standing on his chariot in front of his army, sees his brother fall. For a moment the vast field is silent. Agamemnon SHOUTS. A wordless cry of rage, echoing from the Greek lines to the walls of Troy. He points toward Hector. The entire Greek army surges forward. Hollering with a collective violence powerful enough to make the ground tremble, fifty thousand soldiers charge at Hector.
105) 1) dialog: Paris. Paris still seems to be in a state of shock.
105) 2) dialog: Get up. Get up! The avalanche of Greek infantry is getting closer. Paris finally gets to his feet but runs in the wrong direction, toward the Greeks.
105) 3) dialog: Paris! What seems to be a sprint to suicide turns out to be something different: Paris grabs the fallen sword of Troy from the ground, dangerously close to the charging Greeks He turns and dashes back to Hector. The princes mount. (CONTINUED)
110) 0) text: HECTOR AND PARIS have reached the city walls, where Glaucus and the army wait for them. Hector grabs Paris's arm.
110) 1) dialog: Get inside the city. He slaps Paris's horse. Paris, head bowed, rides away. Hector turns to his army. He shouts to them at the top of his lungs.
110) 2) dialog: The commander of the Greeks wants the Trojan army to fight for him! The Trojan mood becomes more and more bellicose.
110) 3) dialog: Would any man here like to fight for Agamemnon?
110) 7) dialog: For Troy!
116) 0) text: Hector, still on foot, leads his men as they chase down the fleeing Greeks. Several thousand Greeks have fallen.
117) 0) text: The Greeks get back to their trenches, the bulk of the force still intact. ARCHERS in the Greek rear guard, manning the trenches, now raise their bows and prepare to fire. Hector, eager to avoid the mistakes his Greek counterpart made earlier, holds up his hands and BELLOWS to the troops.
117) 1) dialog: Halt! The Trojan army stops just outside the Greek archers! range. Lysander, the Trojan captain, stands beside Hector. (CONTINUED)
117) 7) dialog: We're almost in range of their archers. You saw what our arrows did to them. (beat) Have the men gather our fallen. When they're done, send an emissary to the Greeks. They can collect their dead without fear of assault.
117) 9) dialog: Of course not. That's why Troy is worth defending. Hector turns and heads back to the white city.
120) 10) dialog: (to Helen) Well stitched. (to Paris) You have a talented woman. (beat) I thank the gods you're alive, little brother.
120) 12) dialog: You will.
130) 0) text: The notables we've seen in this room before -- Priam, Hector, Glaucus, Velior, Archeptolemus -- are gathered again.
130) 2) dialog: Fight for your country. That's the only directive.
130) 11) dialog: The Myrmidons did not fight yesterday. There must be dissension among the Greeks. But if we attack their ships, we'll unify them. (beat) If they decide to attack, let them. They can't breach our walls. We'll beat them back again. (beat; to Priam) Yesterday the Greeks underestimated us. We should not return the favor today. Priam meditates on this conflicting advice. He stands and paces about the room. He turns to Archeptolemus.
130) 15) dialog: We're making a mistake, father. Father and son face each other across the long table.
134) 0) text: Hector and his APOLLONIAN GUARDS, on horseback, crest the dunes and look down on the Greek encampment. 25,000 TROJAN FOOT SOLDIERS march behind Hector. He gives a signal. The force halts. 121
138) 0) text: But now the glorious bronzed figure of Achilles leaps ove the trench, sunlight reflecting off his polished armor. He raises his sword to the sky. A great, violent ROAR rises from the Greek army. When he runs toward the Trojans the Greeks jump from their positions and follow. The two armies collide. Unlike the grassy field the men fought on yesterday, today's battle takes place on the sand, and sand is everywhere. Horse hooves kick up clouds of sand. Men struggle for footing in the loose sand. Red blood puddles on the yellow sand. But much more is different than the terrain. Now the Greeks have a leader. The Myrmidons are at the forefront, battling with a ferocity most Trojans have never seen before. A Trojan OFFICER, spear raised, gallops toward the figure of Achilles. Before the Trojan can throw, Eudorus hurls his spear, catching the officer in the neck. The man goes down. Odysseus, immersed in combat, sees this. He hesitates for a moment and in his distraction is nearly cut down by an axe-wielding Trojan. They fight. After Odysseus dispatches the man, he looks back toward the glittering figure of Achilles. Something's making him uneasy. A Trojan swings his sword at the shining warrior, narrowl missing a clean decapitation. The Greek hero thrusts his spear and guts the Trojan. The Myrmidons surge forward, hacking their way through th Trojans. The Greek army steadily pushes the Trojans back, picking up more and more momentum. Now it is the Trojans who seem frightened, unsure where the Greeks found this intense spirit. Glaucus, the Trojan general, on horseback, shouts to Hector.
138) 6) dialog: (to himself) Achilles. Hector goes after him. He grips the reins and guides his horse toward the Myrmidons. His Apollonians, clustered about him protectively, move in that direction as well.
139) 0) text: The two elite forces clash. These men are experts, wielding their spears and swords with superior skill. Hector's horse stumbles in the deep sand. Hector abandons his mount, leaping down to the beach, running for the shining warrior. A Myrmidon intercepts him. Their battle is quick-- Hector kills him with a sword thrust. Now he is face to face (or helmet to helmet) with the figure of glorious Achilles. The two men, breathing heavily from the combat, stand still for a moment. The intricately-worked bronze of Achilles' helmet, breastplate, and shield all shine bright. He's a difficult man to stare at for long. Now he charges, sword raised. They fight. And though the battle continues all around them, everyone seems to be aware of the duel taking place The shining warrior is quicker than Hector and lighter on his feet, swinging again and again, a blaze of bronze. Hector fights patiently, parrying the blows, waiting for an opening. The sword of Achilles whistles over Hector's head, swung so hard that the man wielding it cannot protect himself. Hector takes full advantage, swinging quickly, his blade carving the soft flesh just beneath Achilles' helmet. A long question mark of blood whips out of the cut throat The man falls. (CONTINUED)
139) 4) dialog: Enough for one day? Odysseus nods. Hector calls out to Glaucus.
139) 5) dialog: Arms down! Back to the city! Glaucus relays the call. Odysseus calls to his CAPTAINS.
141) 0) text: Hector, carrying a torch, leads Andromache through the lower garden, down a staircase descending from the shrine of Apollo to a door half-hidden by climbing vines. He opens the door.
142) 0) text: Andromache follows Hector into the palace's dark recesses
142) 5) dialog: You remember how to get here?
142) 7) dialog: Next time you come, follow this tunnel. There's nowhere to turn, so you can't get lost. Keep walking.
142) 9) dialog: When you get outside you'll be on the south side of the Scamander River. Follow the river till you see Mount Ida. Keep Ida to your west, walk south, and you'll get to Lyrnessus. (beat) The Greeks won't go that far inland.
142) 12) dialog: If I die --
142) 14) dialog: If I die, I don't know how long the city will stand.
142) 18) dialog: If the Greeks get inside the walls, it's over. They'll kill all the men. Doesn't matter how old, they'll pull grandfathers from their beds and carve their lungs out.
142) 20) dialog: Doesn't matter how young. They'll throw the babies from the city walls. Andromache closes her eyes.
142) 21) dialog: The women they'll take for slaves. And that will be worse for you than dying.
142) 23) dialog: I want you to be ready. I want you to get our boy, get him, and come here. Save as many others as you can, but you get here, you go down these stairs, and you run. (beat) Do you understand? She nods. The flickering flame of the taper throws giant shadows on the stone walls.
142) 24) dialog: I killed a boy today. (beat) He was too young. Much too young.
143) 12) dialog: stands by his son's crib, watching the boy sleep.
147) 0) text: While his wife and child sleep, Hector clasps on his greaves. INTERCUT between Achilles and Hector, clamping on their breastplates, arm guards, helmets, etc.
150) 0) text: The CROWDS start to fill the viewing areas above the city walls. Priam and his COUNSELORS sit below the blue canopy. Paris sits near them, but not with them. He doesn't look at anybody and people are careful to avoid looking at him Hector stands alone at one of the wall's turreted corners staring toward the sea.
152) 0) text: Hector watches the lone chariot approach.
154) 0) text: An ARCHER standing beside Hector notches an arrow.
154) 1) dialog: No. Hector looks for Glaucus, standing farther down the wall. He gives the old general a hand signal. No attacks.
156) 3) dialog: (beat)
156) 4) dialog: (beat)
156) 5) dialog: 
157) 0) text: Hector walks over to his father. Achilles keeps bellowing his name. Hector kneels before his father and kisses his hand.
157) 1) dialog: Father. Forgive me for any offenses. I've served you as best I could. Priam stands, beckons for Hector to rise, cups Hector's cheeks in his palms and kisses Hector's forehead.
157) 12) dialog: You are a prince of Troy. Hector grips Paris's arm tighter and stares into his eyes
157) 13) dialog: I know you'll make me proud. Hector kisses Paris's forehead and continues on his way, pulling his helmet onto his head.
158) 1) dialog: You remember what I told you?
158) 3) dialog: You remember what I told you. Andromache hasn't slept. Her hair is a wild tangle; her eyes are rimmed red. She nods. She holds her son up to his father. The boy doesn't see his father, he sees something terrifying, a man with a bronze face and a plum of horsehair. Scamandrius begins to CRY. Hector removes his helmet. Now the boy sees his father. He giggles and reaches out. Hector takes the boy in his arms and holds him. He kisses the boy's fuzzed head and closes his eyes for a moment. Finally he hands the baby back to Andromache. He smiles at his wife. She grabs him by the back of the head and presses his face to hers. Her mouth is open, her eyes closed, her body slack against his. Finally he disengages himself. He walks away from her. She and Scamandrius stare after him, but he never looks back.
160) 0) text: Hector walks toward Achilles. Everything is very quiet. The people on the walls are hushed. Even the birds seem reverent. Thousands and thousands of Greeks now line the high dunes making the valley an enormous amphitheater ringed with spectators from the dunes to the walls of Troy. Achilles stands motionless. The two men are alone on the great field. Hector stops twenty feet away from Achilles.
160) 1) dialog: I've seen this moment in my dreams. Achilles, expressionless, stares at the prince.
160) 2) dialog: I'll make a pact with you, with the gods as our witnesses. Let us pledge that the winner will allow the loser all the proper funeral rituals.
160) 5) dialog: I thought it was you I was fighting yesterday. I wish it had been you. But I gave the dead boy the honor he -- (CONTINUED)
162) 0) text: Hector lunges forward and from our angle it appears that has skewered Achilles. Hector's face is inches from Achil Achilles appears unperturbed. Hector looks down. Achilles has trapped him, allowing Hector's sword to miss his side by inches and then clamping down on Hector's sword arm. Hector tries to yank his sword free but cannot. Achilles stabs at Hector's face and Hector ducks at the last moment, the sword point puncturing the air above his head. Achilles releases Hector and takes another mighty swing. 144 145 146 130.
164) 0) text: Achilles, sensing the advantage, moves in a step too close. Hector sees an opening and slashes. Achilles jumps back at the last possible moment, but Hector's blade gouges ou a long strip of bronze from Achilles' breastplate. Both men swing. Their swords lock and for a moment everything is still. Achilles' face is inches from Hector's. Hector is sweating and breathing heavily. Achilles is not. Achilles shoves Hector and relaunches his attack. While Hector still fights ably, he's clearly tiring. As Achilles' blows force Hector back, the prince steps on a rock, trips, and falls. Achilles stands above him.
166) 0) text: Hector lies on his back. Achilles pulls out his bloody sword and walks to his chariot. Hector blinks. The sun, now high in the sky, is blinding. Hector stares into the sun and dies. Silence. Silence everywhere. No victory cry from the Greeks. Achilles returns in the chariot. He jumps out with the coil of rope. He ties Hector's ankles together, then ties the other end of the rope to the back of the chariot.
167) 0) text: Something hardens in Paris's face. Whatever callowness we've seen before seems to ebb away as he watches Achille abuse Hector's body. Priam and his subjects watch in horror.
168) 0) text: Achilles whips his horse and the chariot starts rolling, dragging Hector through the grass. 150 151 152 153 154 132.
171) 0) text: Achilles rides into camp. The Greek soldiers gather round to stare at Hector's body. Achilles doesn't look at anyone. He unties the rope and hauls Hector by hand across the sands. Odysseus stands nearby, amongst the men. A few of the soldiers laugh, seeing the Trojan prince laid low.
172) 0) text: Briseis kneels in the center of the tent, palms pressed together, eyes lowered in prayer. She opens her eyes and looks up when Achilles walks in. He looks more beast than man, splattered with Hector's blood. Briseis sees Achilles' face and knows what happened. For the first time her strength deserts her. She looks very young, very childlike as she begins to cry He regards her for a moment before going to his bedding and lying on his back. We stay on his face as Briseis weeps.
177) 0) text: Achilles, carrying a torch and a white shroud, walks to the spot where Hector's body lies. He crouches beside the dead prince. Death has not robbed Hector's face of its dignity. A small sand crab approaches the body and Achilles shoos it away. He shoves the butt end of the torch into the sand. (CONTINUED)
179) 0) text: Achilles gently loads Hector's body, now wrapped in the shroud, onto a moonlit chariot. Priam walks to the chariot. Four Myrmidons, keeping a respectful distance, stand guard.