8) 0) text: MENELAUS (40), king of Sparta, stands at the head of a massive table that spans the length of a hall lit by torches. A battle-scarred warrior, Menelaus is already halfway drunk. Beside Menelaus sits his wife, HELEN (25), wearing a whit gown, head bowed, half listening to her husband. Fresh flowers are woven into her hair. Her beauty is so extreme she seems to exist in a separate realm. (CONTINUED)
9) 0) text: The room is lit by a dozen tall candles. Helen removes the flowers from her hair and drops them into a bowl of water. She hears a sound and looks up. Paris stands in the doorway. For several breaths they are silent, staring at each other. (CONTINUED)
9) 3) dialog: You shouldn't be here. Paris closes the door behind him.
9) 5) dialog: Last night was a mistake.
9) 7) dialog: I've made many mistakes this week. He approaches her.
9) 9) dialog: (whispering) Yes. Paris kisses her neck, her ears, her closed eyes. The tightness we saw in her face when she sat by her husband' side is gone, replaced by ecstasy.
9) 11) dialog: (whispering) Away. Far away. In a moment the white gown slips to her feet. He stares at her naked body in wonder. He opens his mouth to speak but she kisses him full on the lips. They sink onto the bed. 10 il 14.
10) 0) text: As more and more wine gourds are emptied, the scene grows rowdier. An impromptu choir of Spartan and Trojan soldiers drunkenly sing battle songs. Polydora sits on Menelaus's lap. She whispers in his ear while he laughs and drains another cup of wine. Bits of roasted boar fleck his thick red beard. Hector sits nearby, half engaged in conversation with several Spartan generals. He's clearly not happy that his brother's still missing. INT. HELEN'S CHAMBER - NIGHT (LATER) il Helen lies naked on her bed. In the candlelight her flanks are mapped with copper trails of sweat. She watches Paris, who stands bedside pulling on his clothes.
10) 3) dialog: They're beautiful. (beat) But I can't wear them. Menelaus would kill us both.
10) 5) dialog: I'm not afraid of dying. I'm afraid of tomorrow, watching you sail away and knowing you'll never come back. She runs her fingers across his jaw line.
10) 6) dialog: Before you came to Sparta I was a ghost. I walked and I ate and I swam in the sea, but I was a ghost. (CONTINUED)
10) 10) dialog: Don't play with me, prince of Troy. Don't play. The sounds of footsteps and laughter outside the door startle them. Paris halfway unsheathes a KNIFE hanging from his belt. Whoever's walking by the door passes without stopping. Paris sheathes his knife, kneels beside the bed and takes her hand.
14) 5) dialog: We'll never have peace.
15) 0) text: Menelaus, followed by ten SOLDIERS, storms into Helen's room.
27) 0) text: Hector, Paris, Helen, and an entourage of SOLDIERS walk through the gates of Troy. The city is magnificent, a wonder of white-washed walls, lush gardens, and towering STATUES of the gods. ZEUS, APOLLO, APHRODITE, and POSEIDON stand eighty feet high in the four corners of the main square. The princes' return is a holiday for the Trojans. Thousands of ONLOOKERS line the road, cheering. Other well-wishers, standing on the roofs of houses, throw flower petals. Paris holds Helen's hand and occasionally whispers in her ear, pointing out various sights, but Helen looks nervous People in the crowd, mystified by her appearance, point a her and whisper amongst themselves. Helen holds her head high and pretends to ignore the murmurs and stares. Hector looks at her. She carries herself like a queen -- but she's gripping Paris's hand with white knuckles.
28) 9) dialog: Thank you, good king.
31) 0) text: Paris paces about the room. Helen stands in the archway looking out to the dark sea. The wind blows through her hair.
31) 1) dialog: They're coming for me. (beat) The wind is bringing them closer. Paris stops pacing and stares at her.
31) 3) dialog: And go where?
31) 5) dialog: This is your home --
31) 10) dialog: Sparta was never my home. My parents sent me there when I was sixteen to marry Menelaus, but it was never my home. Paris, excited with his new-hatched plan, barely listens.
31) 12) dialog: And your family?
31) 14) dialog: Menelaus won't give up. He'll track us to the end of the world.
31) 16) dialog: You don't know Menelaus. You don't know his brother. They'll burn every house in Troy to find us. They'll never believe we've left -- and even if they do, they'll burn Troy for spite. Paris considers her words and finally nods.
31) 18) dialog: You're very young, my love. (CONTINUED)
31) 27) dialog: You're younger than I ever was.
83) 0) text: Hector runs into the garden. He's far faster. He seizes his quarry and pulls aside the fugitive's cowl. It's Helen.
83) 5) dialog: Let me go.
83) 7) dialog: Let me go! Helen, still struggling, begins to cry. Hector pulls her to his chest. She cries for real now, violently sobbing, her mouth muffled against Hector's body.
83) 9) dialog: I saw them burn. I saw them burning on the pyres. (beat) It's my fault.
83) 11) dialog: It is. You know it is. All those widows. I still hear them screaming. Helen takes a deep breath. She manages to control herself.
83) 12) dialog: Their husbands died because I'm here. Hector can't deny this. Helen pushes herself out of his grip.
83) 13) dialog: I'm going down to the ships.
83) 17) dialog: I'll give myself back to Menelaus. He can do what he wants -- kill me, make me his slave. Anything's better than this.
83) 19) dialog: Paris is going to fight in the morning.
83) 21) dialog: Menelaus will kill him. Hector looks away, the words hurting him.
83) 22) dialog: I won't let that happen.
83) 24) dialog: No. No. I can't ask anyone to fight for me. I'm no longer queen of Sparta. Hector bows to Helen and kisses her hand.
86) 0) text: One thousand ARCHERS stand in various positions on the broad city walls, quivers of arrows by their sides. TROJAN CITIZENS also crowd atop the walls, quiet and sober. Priam sits in a grandstand beneath a blue canopy. Seated by him are CITY LEADERS, including Velius and Archeptolemus. Helen stands apart from everyone else. No one is overtly hostile to her, but behind her back people stare and whisper. 84
94) 0) text: Helen, alone, views the battlefield. An old, spotted hand takes her elbow. She turns and looks into Priam's eyes.
94) 3) dialog: Yes, my king.
94) 5) dialog: Forgive me, father. For... She pauses, staring out at the vast Greek army.
94) 6) dialog: ...bringing this. Priam shakes his head and smiles sadly.
97) 0) text: Helen, unable to sit, now stands at the wall, watching he lover battle her husband. Priam stands beside her.
120) 0) text: Paris flinches as Helen, using needle and thread, stitche his leg wound. His face is bruised, his eyes red.
120) 3) dialog: You challenged a great warrior. That took courage.
120) 5) dialog: Menelaus was brave. He lived for fighting. And I hated him from the day I married him until the day he died. (CONTINUED)
120) 8) dialog: I don't want a hero, my love. I want a man to grow old with. She kisses him and there is great tenderness in her kiss. A knock on the door. Helen looks up. Another knock.
120) 9) dialog: Come in. Hector enters the room. He examines Paris's leg.
143) 13) dialog: lies in bed. She hears a noise -- phhhthck! phhhthck! -- repeated over and over at brief intervals. She rolls out of bed and walks to the arched window.
167) 2) dialog: Let's go inside. Andromache allows Helen to pull her to her feet. Helen, holding the baby in one arm, guides Andromache away.
190) 0) text: The horse now stands near the statue of Poseidon wielding his trident, beside his temple on one corner of the city square. The square is crowded and jubilant. Soldiers and citizens celebrate their great victory, drinking wine in the streets, waving torches and Trojan flags, singing songs. Paris and Helen sit on the palace stairs, watching the crowd.
190) 2) dialog: You're their prince. (beat) Make your brother proud. Her comment echoes the words Hector spoke to him before his death. Paris nods solemnly. Helen rests her head on his shoulder. They sit quietly as the crowds sing in the street.
204) 0) text: Paris suits up for battle. He grabs his bow and quiver of arrows. Helen watches him. Andromache enters the room, Scamandrius in her arms.
204) 2) dialog: Where?
204) 4) dialog: Come, my love. Come with us. 185 186 187 148.
206) 0) text: Andromache, carrying her baby and a lit torch, leads Helen, Paris, and other WOMEN and CHILDREN down the staircase to the vine-tangled door. Andromache pulls it open.
207) 3) dialog: No --
207) 5) dialog: The city is dead! They're burning it to the ground! Paris looks at the huddled refugees. They're a timid lot, terrified and weak. AENEAS (14) looks stronger and braver than the rest. He's supporting his BLDERLY FATHER.
207) 15) dialog: I'll stay with you. Paris pushes her gently toward the door.
207) 17) dialog: Don't leave me. Please don't leave me.
207) 19) dialog: Please --
222) 0) text: A small band of Trojans marches east toward the rising sun. Helen and Paris, Andromache and Scamandrius, Aeneas and the others -- alive. They walk toward Mount Ida. Briseis walks behind the others. She stops for a moment and looks back toward the ruins of Troy. (CONTINUED)