7) 1) dialog: Princes of Troy, on our last night together, Queen Helen and I salute you.
8) 0) text: MENELAUS (40), king of Sparta, stands at the head of a massive table that spans the length of a hall lit by torches. A battle-scarred warrior, Menelaus is already halfway drunk. Beside Menelaus sits his wife, HELEN (25), wearing a whit gown, head bowed, half listening to her husband. Fresh flowers are woven into her hair. Her beauty is so extreme she seems to exist in a separate realm. (CONTINUED)
8) 3) dialog: We've had our conflicts before, it's true. We've fought many battles, Sparta and Troy. And fought well! Menelaus's soldiers cheer drunkenly. For a moment Helen looks up and meets Paris's gaze.
8) 4) dialog: But I've always respected your father. Priam is a good man, a good king. I respected him as an adversary, and I respect him now as my ally. More cheering, this time from the entire assembly.
8) 5) dialog: Hector, Paris, young princes, come, stand, drink with me. Hector stands. Paris does not. He's still staring at Helen. Hector nudges his brother's shoulder. Paris stands.
8) 6) dialog: Let us drink to peace. Hector nods to Menelaus and raises his cup.
8) 10) dialog: May the gods keep the wolves in the hills and the women in our beds. All the men in the hall cheer and rise to their feet.
8) 12) dialog: A strong arm. Thank the gods we made peace -- I've seen too many of my men struck down with this arm.
8) 14) dialog: Only one man works a sword better than you. The son of Peleus the Argonaut.
8) 16) dialog: That madman would throw a spear at Zeus himself if the god insulted him. (CONTINUED)
8) 19) dialog: You see that one over there? I picked her just for you. She's a little lioness. Menelaus grins at the girl, who lowers her eyes and smiles. Helen notices this silent exchange but ignores it, conversing instead with another HANDMAIDEN who sits beside her.
8) 21) dialog: My wife waits for me right there. He leans forward to whisper conspiratorially in Hector's ear.
8) 22) dialog: Wives are for breeding. You understand? For making little princes. Come, enjoy yourself tonight. Helen stands and walks out of the reception hall. Menelaus does not notice. Hector does. He raises his cup to Menelaus.
10) 0) text: As more and more wine gourds are emptied, the scene grows rowdier. An impromptu choir of Spartan and Trojan soldiers drunkenly sing battle songs. Polydora sits on Menelaus's lap. She whispers in his ear while he laughs and drains another cup of wine. Bits of roasted boar fleck his thick red beard. Hector sits nearby, half engaged in conversation with several Spartan generals. He's clearly not happy that his brother's still missing. INT. HELEN'S CHAMBER - NIGHT (LATER) il Helen lies naked on her bed. In the candlelight her flanks are mapped with copper trails of sweat. She watches Paris, who stands bedside pulling on his clothes.
15) 0) text: Menelaus, followed by ten SOLDIERS, storms into Helen's room.
16) 0) text: He finds Polydora polishing the queen's jewelry. Menelaus grabs her arm roughly. She's terrified.
16) 1) dialog: Where is she?
16) 3) dialog: I swear by the father of the gods I'll gut you here if you don't tell me. The handmaiden tries to speak but no words come out. Fortunately for her, HIPPASUS, (50), a royal advisor, enters the room at that moment followed by an old FISHERMAN (65).
16) 6) dialog: The Trojans? (CONTINUED)
16) 10) dialog: Get my ship ready.
18) 0) text: Three WARSHIPS are anchored in the harbor. Menelaus, followed by Hippasus and a retinue of SOLDIERS, climbs the long stone staircase that leads to the walled city of Mycenae, a citadel hewn from the hilltop rock.
19) 0) text: Menelaus and his followers enter the throne room. Treasures from various conquests fill the room: statuary and urns and intricate gold work. Armed GUARDS stand at their posts. (CONTINUED)
19) 4) dialog: I want her back.
19) 6) dialog: I want her back so I can kill her with my own two hands. I won't rest until I've burned Troy to the ground.
19) 8) dialog: I should have listened to you.
19) 10) dialog: All my life I've stood by your side, fought your enemies. You're the eldest, you reap the glory -- this is the way of the world. But have I ever complained, brother? Have I ever asked you for anything?
19) 14) dialog: The Trojans spat on my honor. An insult to me is an insult to you.
19) 16) dialog: Will you go to war with me, brother? Menelaus reaches out his hand. Agamemnon looks into his eyes. Finally he nods and clasps hands with his brother.
40) 0) text: Agamemnon, Nestor and Menelaus stand in the ship's prow.
40) 1) dialog: Whose ship is that? Nestor shields his eyes from the sun and looks. Nestor Black sail. Achilles. They watch Achilles' ship approach the beach. (CONTINUED)
51) 0) text: Agamemnon, Menelaus, and Nestor watch the battle from the prow of their ship. They're still half a mile away.
74) 0) text: The largest tent on the beach, Agamemnon's command quarters are a lush affair, decorated with the spoils of dozen wars. Several AIDES-DE-CAMP bustle in and out on various errands. The Greek kings are here: Odysseus, Ajax, Menelaus, etc. Agamemnon sits on a heavy wood throne, garishly inlaid with gold, mother-of-pearl, and precious stones. Triopas, king of Thessaly, kneels before Agamemnon.
92) 0) text: The Greek army halts just beyond arrow range. A delegation of kings -- Agamemnon, Nestor, Menelaus, Odysseus, and Ajax -- on CHARIOTS proceeds to the center of the battlefield. Odysseus looks over his shoulder and then yells to Ajax.
95) 0) text: Hector and Paris ride up to the Greek kings. Menelaus stares at Paris, his fingers tapping the hilt of his sword. Paris does not make eye contact. The kings step down from their chariots and the Trojan princes dismount from their horses. Both armies are lined up several hundred yards apart. Agamemnon surveys the Trojan army.
95) 4) dialog: Prince? These are not princes. What son of a king would accept a man's hospitality, eat his food, drink his wine, and then steal his wife in the middle of the night?
95) 6) dialog: She's up there watching, isn't she? Good. I want her to watch you die. Agamemnon places a hand on his brother's arm.
95) 21) dialog: Let me kill this little peacock. (CONTINUED)
95) 25) dialog: And I came for my honor. His every breath insults me. (beat) Let me kill him. When he's lying in the dust, give the signal to attack. I'll have my revenge and you'll have your city. Agamemnon ponders the offer. He nods. They rejoin the others.
95) 26) dialog: (to Paris) I accept your challenge. And tonight I'll drink to your bones. He walks over to his chariot and grabs his shield. Hector helps Paris into his helmet and speaks quietly to him.
95) 38) text: It's difficult to see from inside your bronze helmet. Your peripheral vision is severely restricted, and the nose guard bisects your vision. Your breathing sounds amplified, impossibly loud and half panicked. But there's no turning back. Menelaus stands in the center of the vast battlefield, patient and menacing, carving the air with lazy strokes of his sword. You look back and see Hector. Hector nods, trying to encourage you, but he looks worried. Behind Hector is the Trojan army, twenty-five thousand silent men. Behind the army is the city of Troy. Atop those walls, beneath that blue canopy, your father is watching, and th woman you love. You turn back to Menelaus. He's smiling at you.
99) 0) text: Menelaus swings at the fallen prince but Paris is able to block the blow with his shield and scramble to his feet. Menelaus points to the sky. Three CROWS circle above.
99) 1) dialog: You see the crows? (beat) They've never tasted a prince before. The Spartan's mind games are working -- Paris wears the face of a man who doesn't want to fight. He swings clumsily and Menelaus manages to catch his wrist. The Spartan grins and raises his sword for the kill. Paris lashes out with his free hand, punching the Spartan hard in the jaw. Menelaus grunts and shoves the Trojan away. He spits out a tooth. He's no longer smiling.
99) 6) dialog: But Menelaus bores in again, blow after blow. Finally his bronze blade bites into Paris's thigh. Paris staggers backward, blood flowing down his leg. He swings desperately but Menelaus parries, knocking the sword from Paris's hand. Paris stares at his fallen sword, five feet away. Paris runs. Menelaus snarls and chases after him.
101) 0) text: Paris runs to Hector, gasping for breath, the blood pouring down his face and leg. He falls to his knees before his older brother. Hector stares at Paris and then at Menelaus, who has stopped seven feet from the princes.
101) 1) dialog: Fight me, you coward! Fight me! Paris, unable to look at either man or speak, trembles by his brother's side. Hector, completely at a loss, lays his hand on Paris's head.
101) 2) dialog: We have a pact. Fight!
103) 0) text: HECTOR looks from his brother to the enraged Menelaus.
103) 1) dialog: This is not honor. This is not worthy of royalty. Hector looks at his brother but Paris is not looking at anybody. He gasps for breath, the blood streaming from his wounds. Hector glances at the Greek army, then back to Paris.
103) 2) dialog: If he doesn't fight, Troy is doomed.
103) 6) dialog: The fight is not over. Stand back, Prince Hector. Hector stares at the king, judging his intentions.
103) 7) dialog: I'll kill him at your feet. I don't care.
119) 0) text: Agamemnon stands before the body of Menelaus. (CONTINUED)