6) 0) text: Agamemnon confers with his OFFICERS on the battlefield, including KING NESTOR (65), his trusted advisor. When Achilles rides into view the Mycenaean soldiers CHEER. Some cry out his name. Agamemnon and his officers turn to watch Achilles dismount and approach them.
6) 4) dialog: Achilles. (CONTINUED)
6) 7) dialog: Achilles. Achilles finally turns and looks at him.
6) 8) dialog: Look at the men's faces. Achilles surveys the faces of the battle-weary soldiers.
6) 9) dialog: You can save hundreds of them. You can end this war with a swing of your sword. (beat) Think how many songs they'll sing in your honor. (beat) Let them go home to their wives. The soldiers, awed in his presence, stare at Achilles. He finally turns and walks toward Boagrius. Agamemnon watches Achilles with undisguised hostility.
6) 11) dialog: We need him, my king.
20) 0) text: Agamemnon paces the vast, torch-lit room. Nestor sits at a wooden table. Spread out on the table before him is a rough map of Greece and environs, painted on a tanned goa skin.
20) 2) dialog: The Trojans have never been conquered. Some say they can't be conquered.
20) 4) dialog: Hector commands the finest army in the east. And Troy is built to withstand a ten-year siege. (CONTINUED)
20) 9) dialog: One last thing. (beat) We need Achilles and his Myrmidons. shakes his head.
20) 11) dialog: We don't need to control him. We need to unleash him. The man was born to end lives.
20) 14) dialog: Your words are true. But how many battles have we won off the edge of his sword? (beat) This will be the greatest war the world has ever seen. We need the greatest warrior. Agamemnon thinks about it, pacing the room. Finally --
20) 16) dialog: I'll send a ship in the morning.
40) 0) text: Agamemnon, Nestor and Menelaus stand in the ship's prow.
51) 0) text: Agamemnon, Menelaus, and Nestor watch the battle from the prow of their ship. They're still half a mile away.
51) 2) dialog: Give him his battle. You'll take the war.
74) 3) dialog: My father Neleus had this urn made to commemorate his victory at Cyparisseis. I present it to you in honor of an even more memorable victory.
92) 0) text: The Greek army halts just beyond arrow range. A delegation of kings -- Agamemnon, Nestor, Menelaus, Odysseus, and Ajax -- on CHARIOTS proceeds to the center of the battlefield. Odysseus looks over his shoulder and then yells to Ajax.
95) 12) dialog: You can still save Troy, young prince.
122) 0) text: Nestor sits at a table, poring over the map of Troy. Odysseus lies in a hammock strung between two of the tent poles, eating olives and spitting out the pits. Agamemnon paces the rugs that floor the tent. His usual air of supreme confidence is gone, replaced by agitation.
122) 9) dialog: If we leave now we lose all eredibility. If the Trojans can beat us so easily, how long before the Hittites invade?
122) 17) dialog: (to Agamemnon) He's right. The men's morale is weak.
122) 21) dialog: He'll want the girl back.
133) 0) text: Agamemnon, Nestor, and Odysseus exit the tent. The beach is a frenzy of activity. Thousands of men rush to their positions, hastily arming themselves. The kings look to the high dunes.
161) 0) text: Agamemnon, Nestor, and Odysseus stand with their men. For the moment all machinations and intrigues are forgotten. Each of them knows this fight will be remembered forever, and each watches quietly.
180) 0) text: Agamemnon paces about his tent in a murderous fury. Odysseus, Nestor and several AIDES stand in attendance.
180) 5) dialog: Even with Hector gone, we have no way to breach their walls. They can wait ten years for us to leave.