9) 0) text: The room is lit by a dozen tall candles. Helen removes the flowers from her hair and drops them into a bowl of water. She hears a sound and looks up. Paris stands in the doorway. For several breaths they are silent, staring at each other. (CONTINUED)
9) 4) dialog: That's what you said last night.
9) 6) dialog: And the night before? Helen continues removing the flowers from her hair but sh cannot hide a half-smile.
9) 8) dialog: Do you want me to go? His hands are on her now, sliding down her bare neck, dow her back, resting on her hips. His mouth is very close to her ear. Helen closes her eyes.
9) 10) dialog: (whispering) Where should I go? She kisses him back now and there's a hunger in her kisses, something close to violence in her desire. She lifts off his tunic and pulls him nearer.
10) 0) text: As more and more wine gourds are emptied, the scene grows rowdier. An impromptu choir of Spartan and Trojan soldiers drunkenly sing battle songs. Polydora sits on Menelaus's lap. She whispers in his ear while he laughs and drains another cup of wine. Bits of roasted boar fleck his thick red beard. Hector sits nearby, half engaged in conversation with several Spartan generals. He's clearly not happy that his brother's still missing. INT. HELEN'S CHAMBER - NIGHT (LATER) il Helen lies naked on her bed. In the candlelight her flanks are mapped with copper trails of sweat. She watches Paris, who stands bedside pulling on his clothes.
10) 1) dialog: I have something for you. From his tunic he pulls a necklace of baby pearls threade with silver. He sits beside her in bed.
10) 2) dialog: Pearls from the sea of Propontis. Paris strings the pearls around her neck.
10) 4) dialog: Don't be afraid of him.
10) 8) dialog: You don't have to fear tomorrow. Helen watches him, unsure what he means.
10) 9) dialog: Come with me. For a long moment they stare into each other's eyes.
10) 11) dialog: If you come we'll never be safe. Men will hunt us and the gods will curse us. But I'll love you. Until the day they burn my body I will love you. Helen stares into Paris' eyes, contemplating the impossible.
11) 9) dialog: I have no trouble sleeping on the seas. The sea nymphs sing lullabies to me.
11) 11) dialog: Tonight? Tonight was the fisherman's wife. A lovely creature.
11) 13) dialog: He's more concerned with the fish. Paris smiles and starts to walk away but Hector holds him
11) 15) dialog: For peace. (CONTINUED)
11) 19) dialog: What does this have to do with the fisherman's wife? Hector seizes Paris's face between the palms of his hand. Not a violent gesture, exactly, but not gentle, either.
13) 0) text: The winds are strong. Nobody needs to row. SAILORS tend the sails or play dice. Hector stands in the bow, leaning against the rail, whittling a WOODEN LION. Paris joins him.
13) 1) dialog: A beautiful morning. Poseidon has blessed our voyage. Hector looks at the blue sky for a moment. (CONTINUED)
13) 5) dialog: Do you love me, brother? Hector rests his knife on the deck and smiles.
13) 7) dialog: I need to show you something. Paris walks toward the staircase leading inside the ship. Hector watches him for a few seconds and then follows.
14) 0) text: Paris pauses in front of his cabin door.
14) 1) dialog: Before you get angry with me --
14) 4) dialog: Hector -- Hector is already out the door. Helen looks at Paris.
14) 6) dialog: I don't want peace. I want you. (CONTINUED)
17) 0) text: Hector walks quickly toward the stern, Paris right behind him. The PILOT mans the rudder.
17) 2) dialog: Wait, wait. Hector spins on his brother.
17) 4) dialog: Listen to me -- Hector shoves his brother backwards. The older brother's physical power is obvious. SAILORS watch in awed silence.
17) 6) dialog: I love her. The muscles in Hector's jaw bulge against his cheeks.
17) 12) dialog: May I speak? (beat) What you say is true. I've wronged you. I've wronged our father. If you want to bring Helen back to Sparta, so be it. But I go with her.
17) 14) dialog: Then I'll die fighting. Hector laughs bitterly. He grabs the collar of Paris's tunic.
17) 16) dialog: No.
17) 18) dialog: No. Hector's face is flushed with anger. Paris tries to look away but Hector won't let him. (CONTINUED)
17) 22) dialog: All the same, I go with her. Hector releases his brother. He stares at the sea.
17) 23) dialog: I won't ask you to fight my war. Hector shakes his head, still staring into the waves.
27) 0) text: Hector, Paris, Helen, and an entourage of SOLDIERS walk through the gates of Troy. The city is magnificent, a wonder of white-washed walls, lush gardens, and towering STATUES of the gods. ZEUS, APOLLO, APHRODITE, and POSEIDON stand eighty feet high in the four corners of the main square. The princes' return is a holiday for the Trojans. Thousands of ONLOOKERS line the road, cheering. Other well-wishers, standing on the roofs of houses, throw flower petals. Paris holds Helen's hand and occasionally whispers in her ear, pointing out various sights, but Helen looks nervous People in the crowd, mystified by her appearance, point a her and whisper amongst themselves. Helen holds her head high and pretends to ignore the murmurs and stares. Hector looks at her. She carries herself like a queen -- but she's gripping Paris's hand with white knuckles.
28) 5) dialog: Father, this -- is Helen. Helen bows her head, paying respect.
28) 7) dialog: Helen of Troy. If Priam is disturbed by this revelation, his face doesn' betray it. He leans forward and kisses the former queen on both cheeks. Helen didn't know what to expect -- she's flustered and gratified at the same time.
29) 0) text: BRISEIS, a seventeen-year-old girl with an aristocratic demeanor, wearing the white robes of a temple acolyte, approaches the royal family. Paris smiles when he sees her.
29) 1) dialog: Briseis! Beloved cousin, your beauty grows with each new moon. Briseis, cheeks flushing, dips her knees in deference. Hector approaches her now, arms open. Briseis's face lights up. She hugs the eldest prince. Hector kisses the top of her head.
31) 0) text: Paris paces about the room. Helen stands in the archway looking out to the dark sea. The wind blows through her hair.
31) 2) dialog: What if we left? Tonight, right now, what if we went down to the stables, took two horses and left. Ride east, keep riding --
31) 4) dialog: Away from here. I could hunt deer, rabbit. I could feed us.
31) 6) dialog: You left your home for me. (CONTINUED)
31) 11) dialog: We'll live off the land. No more palaces for us, no more servants. We don't need any of that.
31) 13) dialog: We'd be protecting my family! If we're not here there's no need for a war.
31) 15) dialog: He doesn't know these lands. I do. We can lose ourselves in a day. Helen stands and kisses him on the lips.
31) 17) dialog: Then I'll make it easy for him to find me. I'11l walk right up to him and tell him you're mine. Helen wraps her arms around Paris and rests her chin on his shoulder.
31) 26) dialog: We're the same age!
79) 0) text: Priam stands by the room's open archway. Beyond the city he sees his beach occupied by the tremendous Greek force. Hector, Paris, and several of Troy's leading GENERALS, ARISTOCRATS and PRIESTS sit around the long table. One of the generals, GLAUCUS (60), pounds the table with his fist.
79) 16) dialog: There won't be a war. (he stands) This is not a conflict of nations. It's a dispute between two men. And I don't want to see another Trojan die because of me.
79) 18) dialog: Tomorrow morning I will challenge Menelaus for the right to Helen. The winner will take her home. The loser will burn before nightfall. Paris leaves the room. The others sit in stunned silence.
80) 0) text: Priam's gardens are wondrous: palm trees grow in the courtyard; flowered vines climb the walls; Aeolian harps chime in the breeze. Priam and Paris sitting on a bench, facing a statue of Aphrodite. The king holds a cloth-wrapped bundle in his lap.
80) 1) dialog: Father, I... I'm sorry for the pain I've caused you. I --
80) 5) dialog: You're a great king because you love your country so much. Every blade of grass, every grain of sand, every rock in the river -- you love all of Troy. (beat) That's the way I love Helen. Priam nods and contemplates the goddess of beauty.
80) 8) dialog: The Sword of Troy.
82) 0) text: As Hector walks to Paris's room, he spies someone in a dark cloak sneaking down the candle-lit hallway -- an assassin?
87) 0) text: Below the walls, on the broad field that stretches down from the city gates, the TROJAN ARMY has amassed. In the front, Hector and General Glaucus sit astride their horses. The soldiers are disciplined and well-outfitted, arranged in tight formation. Paris rides out to join Hector. Hector examines Paris's face.
87) 2) dialog: I started this war. Paris searches the faces atop the city wall. He finds Helen. CLOSE on Helen. The wind is blowing hard, ruffling her cloak, her hair. There is love in her eyes, and fear and exhaustion. Paris stares up at her for a long time before turning away. A low, ominous RUMBLE grows steadily louder. Hector hears it first. He looks down the vast sloping field toward the sea. Now the other soldiers hear it, and then the citizens ato the walls. All speech ceases. The Trojans quietly wait. The rumbling resolves into the steady beat of WAR DRUMS.
93) 0) text: Hector and Paris spur their horses and canter out to meet the Greeks. The brothers speak without looking at each other.
95) 0) text: Hector and Paris ride up to the Greek kings. Menelaus stares at Paris, his fingers tapping the hilt of his sword. Paris does not make eye contact. The kings step down from their chariots and the Trojan princes dismount from their horses. Both armies are lined up several hundred yards apart. Agamemnon surveys the Trojan army.
95) 5) dialog: The sun was shining when your wife left you. Menelaus draws his sword. He points it at the city walls.
95) 18) dialog: There is another way. Everyone watches Paris now.
95) 19) dialog: (to Menelaus) I love Helen. I won't give her up. And neither will you. So let's fight our own battle. Let the winner take Helen home, and that will be the end of it.
95) 28) dialog: Hector! Hector waits. Paris opens his mouth but no words come out. He tries again.
95) 29) dialog: If I fall -- tell Helen -- tell her --
95) 31) dialog: Don't let Menelaus hurt her. Make him swear --
99) 0) text: Menelaus swings at the fallen prince but Paris is able to block the blow with his shield and scramble to his feet. Menelaus points to the sky. Three CROWS circle above.
101) 0) text: Paris runs to Hector, gasping for breath, the blood pouring down his face and leg. He falls to his knees before his older brother. Hector stares at Paris and then at Menelaus, who has stopped seven feet from the princes.
103) 4) dialog: No. No.
110) 0) text: HECTOR AND PARIS have reached the city walls, where Glaucus and the army wait for them. Hector grabs Paris's arm.
120) 0) text: Paris flinches as Helen, using needle and thread, stitche his leg wound. His face is bruised, his eyes red.
120) 1) dialog: You think I'm a coward. Helen, concentrating on her stitching, says nothing. Paris flinches as the needle pierces his skin.
120) 2) dialog: I am a coward. (beat) I knew he would kill me. I knew it. You were watching, and my father, my brother, all of Troy -- it didn't matter. The shame didn't matter. (beat) I gave up my pride, my honor. Just to live.
120) 4) dialog: I betrayed you. Helen inspects her work. The black stitches are a little ragged, but they seem secure.
120) 11) dialog: I wanted to make you proud of me. He grips Paris' shoulder.
150) 0) text: The CROWDS start to fill the viewing areas above the city walls. Priam and his COUNSELORS sit below the blue canopy. Paris sits near them, but not with them. He doesn't look at anybody and people are careful to avoid looking at him Hector stands alone at one of the wall's turreted corners staring toward the sea.
157) 6) dialog: You're the best man I know. (CONTINUED)
167) 0) text: Something hardens in Paris's face. Whatever callowness we've seen before seems to ebb away as he watches Achille abuse Hector's body. Priam and his subjects watch in horror.
169) 0) text: Priam's legs give out. Glaucus and Paris catch him before he falls and carry him toward the shade beneath the blue canopy.
187) 0) text: Priam, Paris, Glaucus, Archeptolemus, and Velior, all on horseback, lead the Apollonian Guard onto the beach. The soldiers -- still wary of an ambush -- surround their leaders, protecting them from attack. The Trojan leaders dismount. Slowly they approach a WOODEN HORSE standing forty feet high. (CONTINUED)
187) 14) dialog: I think we should burn it.
187) 18) dialog: (glaring at Archeptolemus) Burn it, father. Archeptolemus ignores Paris and speaks directly to Priam.
190) 0) text: The horse now stands near the statue of Poseidon wielding his trident, beside his temple on one corner of the city square. The square is crowded and jubilant. Soldiers and citizens celebrate their great victory, drinking wine in the streets, waving torches and Trojan flags, singing songs. Paris and Helen sit on the palace stairs, watching the crowd.
190) 1) dialog: Look at them. You'd think their prince had never died. Helen takes his hand.
204) 0) text: Paris suits up for battle. He grabs his bow and quiver of arrows. Helen watches him. Andromache enters the room, Scamandrius in her arms.
206) 0) text: Andromache, carrying her baby and a lit torch, leads Helen, Paris, and other WOMEN and CHILDREN down the staircase to the vine-tangled door. Andromache pulls it open.
207) 2) dialog: I stay.
207) 4) dialog: My father will never abandon the city. I can't leave him.
207) 6) dialog: What's your name?
207) 8) dialog: Do you know how to use a sword? Aeneas nods. Paris pulls out the sword of Troy. (CONTINUED)
207) 11) dialog: The sword of Troy. I wasn't so good with it, but it's a fine sword. (beat) As long as it's in a Trojan's hand, our people have a future. (hands sword to Aeneas) Protect them, Aeneas. Find them a new home.
207) 14) dialog: I'll find her. Andromache kisses him. She turns and leads the way through the tunnel. The Trojans follow. Aeneas bows to Paris and helps his father as their long journey begins.
207) 16) dialog: Go.
207) 18) dialog: How could you love me if I ran now?
207) 20) dialog: We will be together again. In this world or the next, we will be together. He kisses her hard, pushes her through the door and close it. He kisses the wood, turns and runs toward the battle. 188 189 190 150.
219) 0) text: Paris, bow in hand, looks out an archway to the garden an sees Achilles -- the man who killed his brother -- splattered with blood, sword in hand, standing over Briseis.
222) 0) text: A small band of Trojans marches east toward the rising sun. Helen and Paris, Andromache and Scamandrius, Aeneas and the others -- alive. They walk toward Mount Ida. Briseis walks behind the others. She stops for a moment and looks back toward the ruins of Troy. (CONTINUED)