22) 0) text: Achilles stands in the ruins of an ivy-covered temple on cliff above the sea, sparring with his cousin Patroclus (17). Both men wield wooden practice swords. Patroclus is a talented, lean, flashy young fighter. His sword whirls in the air like a thing alive. Achilles, by contrast, is the apotheosis of the efficient combatant, wasting no energy, waiting for weakness. (CONTINUED)
22) 5) dialog: A little nervous, aren't you?
22) 7) dialog: You told me never to switch sword hands. Achilles rolls his head to loosen his neck.
22) 31) dialog: Is Ajax going to fight in Troy?
22) 33) dialog: They say he can fell an oak tree with one swing of the axe. (CONTINUED)
22) 38) dialog: A thousand ships! Prince Hector, is he as good a warrior as they say?
26) 0) text: Achilles stands in the prow of his boat, staring east. Patroclus stands behind him, wearing a new SHELL NECKLACE
39) 0) text: Achilles' OARSMEN holler encouragement to their shipmates and check to see that their boat is safely in the lead. Achilles stands in the prow, scanning the Trojan shore. Patroclus stands beside him. EUDORUS (40), a Myrmidon lieutenant, approaches Achilles.
44) 0) text: Though the oarsmen continue to pull, everyone is now armored. Achilles sees Patroclus, armed and ready to fight.
44) 2) dialog: To fight the Trojans. Achilles shakes his head and takes Patroclus' spear.
44) 4) dialog: I am ready. You taught me how to fight. Achilles rests his hand on the back of the boy's head.
49) 0) text: Patroclus huddles under the railing beside the cook as arrow after arrow screams by. A flaming arrow hits one of the sails, and then another. The sails begin to burn. (CONTINUED)
85) 0) text: Achilles sits cross-legged, arms held straight out in front of him, palms up. His bronze sword is balanced on his palms. Patroclus and Eudorus, armored for battle, enter the tent Achilles does not look away from his blade. Though the sword must be heavy, his arms do not tremble.
85) 11) dialog: I am. Achilles rests his sword on the ground. He stares at Patroclus for a moment before speaking.
85) 16) dialog: I hate no one, cousin. (CONTINUED)
85) 20) dialog: I fight for you.
85) 23) dialog: Soldiers obey.
85) 25) dialog: And what should I tell them?
91) 0) text: Patroclus, Eudorus, and the rest of the Myrmidons climb t the top of a tall bluff near the beach. From here they can see the broad battlefield a mile away.
98) 0) text: Patroclus and the other Myrmidons watch the battle.
108) 0) text: Patroclus turns and sees Achilles, standing on a high roc behind the other Myrmidons. We don't know how long Achilles has been watching the battle.
111) 0) text: Achilles is unable to stand still. His fingers twitch as he watches the battle; he paces back and forth and curses Patroclus and the Myrmidons avoid looking at their leader
113) 0) text: Patroclus and the Myrmidons watch Ajax fall with disbelief. Achilles cannot bear to watch any longer. He walks away. None of his men dare look at him.
124) 0) text: Eudorus and Patroclus are waiting when Achilles and Briseis get to the tent.
129) 32) dialog: We're going home?
129) 34) dialog: If Poseidon curses us and our ship goes down, what will I tell the shades in Hades? That I died running from this war, abandoning our countrymen?
129) 36) dialog: Yes, our country! We're Greek, cousin. I broke bread with these men, I drank their wine, I listened to their jokes. These are our comrades. We cannot desert them. (beat) Your feud with Agamemnon is tearing this army apart. And your reputation suffers. The men are talking -- Achilles' eyes narrow as his temper rises.
129) 38) dialog: But your blood is in my veins. (CONTINUED)
129) 42) dialog: If you command us not to fight for the king of kings, so be it. But please don't ask me not to fight for Greece. (long beat) When the shades hear my name I want them to know I led a worthy life. Achilles, face inscrutable, watches his cousin walk away.
143) 0) text: Patroclus's body lies atop a massive funeral pyre, dresse in a simple white frock. (CONTINUED)