28) 6) dialog: Helen? Helen of Sparta? Both Helen and Priam now look at Paris.
28) 8) dialog: I've heard rumors of your beauty. For once, the gossips were right. Welcome.
28) 10) dialog: Come, you must be tired. He leads them up the stairs and into the palace.
29) 4) dialog: The young men of Troy were devastated when she chose the virgin robes. Briseis' cheeks turn bright red.
29) 6) dialog: I thank the gods for your safe return. The king and the princes spill a few drops of wine.
30) 3) dialog: It's the will of the gods. Everything is in their hands. (beat) But I'm surprised you let him bring her.
30) 5) dialog: We could send peace envoys to Menelaus.
30) 7) dialog: What would you have me do?
30) 9) dialog: Women have always loved Paris and he's loved them back. (beat) But this is different. Something has changed in him. If we send her back to Menelaus, he'll follow. Hector stands and joins his father in the archway. He gestures outside. The city of Troy teems with life, the CITIZENS going about their business.
30) 16) dialog: Enemies have been attacking us for centuries. Our walls still stand.
30) 18) dialog: Apollo watches over us. Even Agamemnon is no match for the gods.
30) 20) dialog: Don't mock the gods. Hector opens his mouth to argue but holds his tongue.
30) 21) dialog: When you were very young you came down with scarlet fever. Hector nods impatiently. He's heard this story before.
30) 22) dialog: Your little hands were so hot. The healer said you wouldn't last the night. I went down to Apollo's temple and I prayed until the sun came up. (beat) That walk back to the palace was the longest of my life. But I went into your mother's room and you were sleeping in her arms. The fever had broken. (beat) I promised that day to dedicate my life to the gods. I will not break my promise. (CONTINUED)
30) 25) dialog: For thirty years I've worked for peace. Thirty years. (beat) Paris is a fool sometimes. I know that. But I'll fight a thousand wars before letting him die. Hector looks past the city to the sea. The waters are empty now, but he knows what's coming.
35) 0) text: Priam kneels before a grand statue of Zeus in the great hall. The Thunder God, his stone face a mask of rage, thunderbolts clutched in his stone hands, stares down at the old king. Listening to the bells, Priam takes a deep breath and Loo into Zeus's eyes. The father of the gods stares back.
79) 0) text: Priam stands by the room's open archway. Beyond the city he sees his beach occupied by the tremendous Greek force. Hector, Paris, and several of Troy's leading GENERALS, ARISTOCRATS and PRIESTS sit around the long table. One of the generals, GLAUCUS (60), pounds the table with his fist.
79) 8) dialog: Glaucus, you've fought with me for forty years. Can we win this war?
79) 12) dialog: Hector. Show respect. When Archeptolemus prophesied four years of drought, we dug deeper wells. The drought came and we had water to drink. The high priest is a servant of the gods.
79) 17) dialog: Paris --
80) 0) text: Priam's gardens are wondrous: palm trees grow in the courtyard; flowered vines climb the walls; Aeolian harps chime in the breeze. Priam and Paris sitting on a bench, facing a statue of Aphrodite. The king holds a cloth-wrapped bundle in his lap.
80) 2) dialog: Do you love her? Paris looks up at the statue of Aphrodite. (CONTINUED)
80) 6) dialog: I've fought many wars in my time. Some were fought for land, some for power, some for glory. (beat) I suppose fighting for love makes more sense than all the rest. Paris says nothing, but his father's words seem to reliev a great burden from his shoulders.
80) 7) dialog: But I won't be the one fighting. He hands Paris the bundle. Paris, curious, begins unwrapping the cloth. Finally the object is uncovered: a shining sword, expertly forged, inscribed with the seal o Troy.
80) 9) dialog: My father carried this sword, and his father before him, all the way back to the founding of Troy. The history of our people was written with this sword. (beat) Carry it with you tomorrow. Paris holds the sword up and it glows in the moonlight.
80) 10) dialog: The spirit of Troy is in that sword. As long as a Trojan carries it, our people have a future.
86) 0) text: One thousand ARCHERS stand in various positions on the broad city walls, quivers of arrows by their sides. TROJAN CITIZENS also crowd atop the walls, quiet and sober. Priam sits in a grandstand beneath a blue canopy. Seated by him are CITY LEADERS, including Velius and Archeptolemus. Helen stands apart from everyone else. No one is overtly hostile to her, but behind her back people stare and whisper. 84
94) 0) text: Helen, alone, views the battlefield. An old, spotted hand takes her elbow. She turns and looks into Priam's eyes.
94) 1) dialog: Sit with me. Helen follows the king to his grandstand and sits beside him. She's aware of people staring at them but he seems oblivious.
94) 2) dialog: All my life I've prayed against this day.
94) 4) dialog: Call me father, dear child. Startled by this affection, she hesitates before responding.
94) 7) dialog: I blame you for nothing. Everything is in the hands of the gods. (beat) Besides, how could I blame anyone for falling in love with Paris? Helen looks out at the battlefield, fixing on Paris, at this distance a tiny figure on horseback. Priam takes her hand. 89 81.
97) 0) text: Helen, unable to sit, now stands at the wall, watching he lover battle her husband. Priam stands beside her.
100) 0) text: The citizens seem shocked that their prince and hero woul flee before a Greek assailant. They look at each other and whisper, glancing at Priam, curious to see his reaction.
100) 1) dialog: (to himself) Fight him, son. Fight him. Helen stares at the battlefield, her face unreadable.
130) 0) text: The notables we've seen in this room before -- Priam, Hector, Glaucus, Velior, Archeptolemus -- are gathered again.
130) 3) dialog: (to Hector) The last time the high priest spoke to us he prophesied a great victory for Troy. We won a great victory. Let him speak. (to Archeptolemus) What course of action do you recommend?
130) 5) dialog: Glaucus? (CONTINUED)
130) 12) dialog: You're confident about the meaning of these omens?
130) 14) dialog: Prepare the army. We attack at noon.
130) 16) dialog: Prepare the army. 117 118 lll.
143) 11) dialog: stands on a palace balcony, staring over his city.
150) 0) text: The CROWDS start to fill the viewing areas above the city walls. Priam and his COUNSELORS sit below the blue canopy. Paris sits near them, but not with them. He doesn't look at anybody and people are careful to avoid looking at him Hector stands alone at one of the wall's turreted corners staring toward the sea.
157) 2) dialog: May the gods be with you. Hector hesitates for a moment, then bows and turns to go.
157) 3) dialog: Hector! Hector turns back. Father and son look at each other. For a moment we think Priam will be unable to speak. Finally:
157) 4) dialog: No father ever had a better son. The words deeply move Hector. He bows again and moves on. He passes by Glaucus, who bows to the prince.
165) 0) text: Priam reacts as if he received the blow, clutching at his chest and reeling backward. (CONTINUED)
167) 0) text: Something hardens in Paris's face. Whatever callowness we've seen before seems to ebb away as he watches Achille abuse Hector's body. Priam and his subjects watch in horror.
167) 1) dialog: My boy... my boy... Andromache sits against the wall, knees tucked against he chest, face against her knees. Scamandrius begins to cry. Helen kneels by Andromache. She picks up the baby and soothes him. Helen takes Andromache's hand. Andromache looks up. Her eyes are a terrible thing to see.
169) 0) text: Priam's legs give out. Glaucus and Paris catch him before he falls and carry him toward the shade beneath the blue canopy.
176) 0) text: Achilles still sits alone, his eyes empty. He hears a rustling at the tent flap. An old man wearing a hooded robe steps inside. The old man pulls his hood down. It's Priam.
176) 2) dialog: I have endured what no one on earth has endured before. I kissed the hands of the man who killed my son.
176) 7) dialog: I know my own country better than the Greeks, I think.
176) 9) dialog: Do you really think death frightens me now? I watched my eldest son die, watched you drag his body behind your chariot. Priam stares at Achilles, and for the first time since we've known him, Achilles looks away.
176) 10) dialog: Give him back to me. He deserves the honor of a proper burial. You know that. Give him to me.
176) 12) dialog: He thought it was you. He defended his country. How many cousins have you killed? How many sons and fathers and brothers and husbands? How many, brave Achilles? (beat) I knew your father. He died before his time. But he was lucky not to live long enough to see his son fall. Achilles does not respond. We cannot read his expression. (CONTINUED)
176) 15) dialog: You've taken everything from me. My eldest son, heir to my throne, defender of my kingdom. (beat) I can't change what happened. It's the will of the gods. But give me this small mercy. Achilles looks into the old man's eyes. Priam tries to blink back his tears but fails.
176) 16) dialog: I loved my boy from the moment he opened his eyes till the moment you closed them. (beat) Let me wash his body. Let me say the prayers. Let me place two coins on his eyes for the boatman.
176) 18) dialog: You're still my enemy tonight. But even enemies can show respect. Achilles nods.
178) 0) text: Priam, deep in his grief, sits with his head bowed. He hears noiases outside. He stands and exits the tent.
179) 0) text: Achilles gently loads Hector's body, now wrapped in the shroud, onto a moonlit chariot. Priam walks to the chariot. Four Myrmidons, keeping a respectful distance, stand guard.
179) 2) dialog: It's the same in my country.
179) 4) dialog: Briseis? Priam wraps his arms around her, thrilled she's alive.
179) 5) dialog: We thought you were dead, little swan. (CONTINUED)
179) 11) dialog: Come, my girl. Priam reaches down and helps her onto the chariot. He seizes the reins and they're off, the Myrmidons escorting them to safety. Achilles stares at Briseis until she's gone.
187) 0) text: Priam, Paris, Glaucus, Archeptolemus, and Velior, all on horseback, lead the Apollonian Guard onto the beach. The soldiers -- still wary of an ambush -- surround their leaders, protecting them from attack. The Trojan leaders dismount. Slowly they approach a WOODEN HORSE standing forty feet high. (CONTINUED)
187) 3) dialog: Plague.
187) 8) dialog: What is this?
187) 20) dialog: I will not watch another son die.
199) 0) text: Priam stands on the balcony, watching his beautiful city burn, watching the destruction of his life's work.
212) 0) text: Dozens of Greeks charge into the hall, seizing whatever treasures they can carry and smashing whatever they can't Priam, armed with a sword, rushes into the hall. He sees two Greeks grabbing small GOLD FIGURINES of the gods from their wall sconces. He raises his sword.
212) 1) dialog: Have you no honor? No respect for the gods? (CONTINUED)
212) 5) dialog: Please... the children... spare the innocents...
214) 0) text: Briseis runs into the garden, looking for a friendly face No one's in sight. She runs to the lower garden. She doesn't notice Agamemnon, stained with Priam's blood, standing in an archway of the burning palace, watching her.