1) 2) dialog: My father, Stephan Gold, was the youngest Unit Commander in Mossad. David is next...
1) 3) dialog: David Peretz had his twenty-ninth birthday while on the mission. Then Rachel.
1) 4) dialog: My mother was even younger. Only twenty-five.
1) 6) dialog: Despite their youth they'd had the courage to confront an unimaginable evil.... The three walk towards their welcoming party. Rachel blin against the sunlight, takes out a pair of sunglasses and slips them on.
2) 2) dialog: ...a man whose sadistic experiments left thousands disfigured or dead, who became known by a name which defiles the annals of medicine: The Surgeon of Birkenau. She's wearing tinted glasses, staring at us, listening to Sarah speak. FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT WITH PINK AMENDMENTS - 26.03.09 3.
2) 4) dialog: Their mission had been to return him to Israel to stand trial. Instead it ended with his death on the streets of East Berlin...
3) 2) dialog: But this was not what was celebrated. It was their youth itself that became a symbol. Here were the children who had faced Israel's greatest nightmare, her greatest pain... David and Stephan have moved out of shot and Rachel reach the DIGNITARIES. Still looking down, she manages a smile, bob of her head, reaches out to shake the first hand...
3) 5) dialog: ...and in the simple act of facing the Monster, had helped to vanquish it. Sarah, has finished reading and looks for her mother in t audience... FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT WITH PINK AMENDMENTS - 26.03.09 4.
3) 6) dialog: This book is dedicated to my inspiration. My mother, Rachel Singer. People around Rachel begin to applaud, the sound almost startling her. Automatically she gives the same bob of th head, acknowledging the applause. Sarah, cheeks burning with a mixture of embarrassment and emotion, hasn't finished yet. She locks eyes with her mother.
3) 7) dialog: Mother, I'm so very proud to be your daughter. More applause. Rachel manages to smile.
4) 1) text: She emerges onto the empty patio, slides the glass door shut behind her, muffling the chatter from the room beyon She lights a cigarette, inhales greedily, trying to calm down. She stares at the sun blazing over the Mediterranea ahead of her. Her glasses darken against the reflected glare. As if sensing something she turns to see a SMALL BOY - he GRANDSON - watching her from behind the glass of the pati door, something UNNERVING in his direct gaze. Rachel stares back at him in silence. Sarah appears behind the boy, her son, and scoops him up into a hug. Still the boy stares at his grandmother, who gives a tight smile and turns back to the sea. Another guest walks up to Sarah and she nods, smiling, at what he is saying to her but her eyes slide back to her mother, standing on the other side of the glass. FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT WITH PINK AMENDMENTS - 26.03.09 5.
8) 0) text: A celebratory dinner for the book launch is in progress - publishers, journalists, local dignitaries... FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT WITH PINK AMENDMENTS - 26.03.09 7. Rachel is re-joining the table, taking her place beside h daughter amidst the dinner party chatter. Sarah watches her.
8) 1) dialog: When are you going to stop?
8) 3) dialog: The smoking.
8) 5) dialog: I hope so. Do it for your grandson.
8) 6) dialog: Are you sure you have to go back home tomorrow?
8) 8) dialog: But we'll have breakfast before you go? I thought maybe we could take a walk on the beach? (Trying to sound casual) I'd like you to see more of him. A WAITER leans over with WINE for Rachel. She covers her glass.
8) 12) dialog: If you'd rather read something else, mother.....
8) 17) dialog: (Keeping it light) Actually, my mother withstood all interrogation. My father was the talker. (Trying a joke) I'm the only journalist in Israel she won't speak to. Miriam laughs obligingly but Sarah instantly regrets the remark. There is a sudden excited MURMUR from the table. The wome look over to where Stephan approaches the table. He is in motorised WHEELCHAIR. The Mossad Agent attends discreetly in the background. Rachel's face hardens.
8) 19) dialog: (Standing up, surprised) So did I. Several of the local POLITICOS have stood up to greet Stephan, who is all smiles and handshakes. FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT WITH PINK AMENDMENTS - 26.03.09 9.
8) 21) dialog: You came.
20) 0) text: The next day. Tables under umbrellas are ranged along the terrace. Sarah and her husband are on the beach below, playing wit their son, laughing. As if feeling our gaze, she looks up at us, shielding her eyes against the sun.
94) 0) text: The scene we saw earlier. FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT WITH PINK AMENDMENTS - 26.03.09 84. Rachel is packing, folding clothes neatly, precisely, silently - but all the time there's a terrible tension about her movements. She tries to close a drawer but it sticks, She keeps trying, then in a sudden rush of fury yanks the drawer fr and hurls it across the room. She stands breathing hard. Then something we didn't see - her gaze settles on a photograph beside her table - SARAH holding her son, smiling at us. Rachel stares at the photograph, her breathing slowing.
95) 0) text: Stephan sits amongst the remains of a meal. Sarah and her husband are on the beach below, playing wit their son. Stephan watches them. He senses a presence and turns to find Rachel behind him. She sits down, stares down at the beach through her dark glasses. Stephan watches, almost holding his breath, working throu lightning calculations of how to handle her. But Rachel i the first to speak.